PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 112.
Continued on Pace 2, Cotama 3,
• As Mr.' Wright is honored - through
out the order. and as it must be admit
ted that his , infirmity is " not of. his
choosing, it j was argued yesterday that
the broad spirit of Justice that prevails
In. the order should not be. forgotten
this time and that Mr. Wright should
be raised to the. office of grand sire and
installed, at hla home in Pennsylvania
at a futuredate.. Those that favor this
.plan of • procedure ' seem , to be In j the
majority. ,• *
.-- The race S for s the office - of deputy,
grand \ sire is exciting the greatest • in
terest^ 1 the .three leading candidates ; be
ing Judge John L. 'Nolan of Tennessee,
E. : r . S./ Conway : of ; Illinois and : W/ 1L.
Kuykendall /of 'Others: will
be^notninated^^but.the-race!will;doubt
less ;*- narrow,;' down ' to .these .' three.'/ No
lan, ; It* is , said, has the' largest i f ollow-
S There, has. been a. change of sentiment
regardiag.'the election 'by, the* Sovereign
Grand" Lodge "of the' Independent Order
of Odd/ Fellows of a grand, sire. to suc
ceed tTohn B.- Goodwin. ' The probabili
ties'/a+e that/ notwithstanding his ill
ness, 'Deputy Grand- Sire Robert K.
Wright" will be elevated to the high of
fice.--- .-. •. .'- ¦¦ - -¦ - '.- ¦.¦/: ,-¦ '
i \ When .the announcement; was .made
here_ Sunday: that illness would prevent
the .. attendance of Mr. \ Wright It was
the general opinion of members of the
order that the • constitutional clause
providing- that the : grand sire must be
installed <by the Sovereign Grand Lodge
immediately following his election elim
inated Mr. :Wright:fronr consideration.
But yesterday .-, the' point was raised
that as- it was the Sovereign Grand
Lodge that | adopted j the constitutional
provision referred to, It* had the right
to evade; it: in ¦view of the present un
foreseen condition. . '
ADVOCATE THAT *
v HEIGHT 'BE
W- ~ * ; GKAND ; SIRE
At the head of the. long column that
marched two abreast . down Market
street and over Mason to Native Sons'
Hall was the strikingly uniformed
body of the San Francisco Canton,
headed by the band. The men in uni
form presented- a fine appearance as
they -lined up before' the hall with
swords at- salute, while the grand rep
resentatives filed past them. Into the
building.
Sharply at , 11 o'clock Grand Sire
John B. Goodwin rapped for order and
the body, began its deliberations. The
session opened: with a short prayer by
the temporary grand' chaplain, the
Rev. Peter 'A. Simpkins of :Utah, who
nils the, office made temporarily va
cant by the absence of Grand Chaplain
J.' W. Venable.-, The Rev. J. W. Ven
able - has • been grand chaplain of. the
order for many years' and was unable
to : take * the long Journey to the coast.
¦• ? After i the prayer ' the grand ¦¦ sire ap
pointed : George -E. ' Hawkes of Perm-
. Escorted by the San Francisco Can
ton of the Patriarchs Militant, 197
grand representatives to the Sovereign
Grand Lodge of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows rnarched from Odd
Fellows" .Temple, where they were ten
dered a reception, to Native Sons'
Hall, where the Sovereign Grand
Lodge will hold its executive sessions
throughout the week. Upon these de
liberations will depend the course of
the Odd Fellows throughout the
United States for the next two years.
The results of yesterday's delibera
tions were the calling to order of the
eightieth annual session, the appoint
ment of a temporary deputy grand sire
and temporary grand chaplain, the
seating of new representatives and the
apportioning of work to the various
committees. ¦'->"
ing, with Conway second, though not
very far ahead of. the Western candi
date, who is sure to hold the balance
of power. The friends of both Nolan
and Kuykendall are opposing Conway*s
aspirations,' and at present it looks as
if it will be impossible for him to win.
Few cf the men of '65 are with us to-day
and yet a* one of those few I cave, the great
nrlvilers and honor on behalf of the Grand
Encampment of California and the patriarchs
of this golden land by the mighty Pacific, of
extending to you a welcome to our : Jurisdic
tion, our hearts and our • homes.
l<fke the Journey of the pilgrims which you
have seen Illustrated yon have crossed deserts
and mountains, passed through rocky genres
and traversed - the wilderness, - but i now you
are la glorious, unapproachable, unequaled
California, the land of the orange and olive:
wi«re you can sit beneath the fig trees. and
look out upon Illimitable fields of golden grain:
wbere the tents of- the patriarchs are pitched
la the ehadows of towering mountains .which
seem to r»ror> the skies and bear the heavens
upon their uplifted- shoulders: 'beneath ma
jestic trees which were growing when this
old world was young : - in rertons , wbere thun
dering cascades and : waterfalls ' sound ever
lartln: anthems , to their : great Creator; ». and
axaia where - tropical - flowers and plants fill
Around that altar, at that time, those men
pledged their best and ceaseless efforts
for the onward progress of our order, whose
voice th* roar of artillery had failed to si
lence, whose silken ties the sword had been
powerless to sever. And they have kept their
word. The SOO.OT) members of , that time
have added more than 1.000.000 to' their num
bers. Wherever civilisation has extended its
footsteps or Christianity erected Its throne
the three links are *"?eo and the click of the
gavel of American Odd Fellowship falls like
music en the traveler's ear.
FEW ARE LEFT.
Thirty-nine years ago to-day, after four
years of tfaa most terrible war the world
had ever known, after four years of anxiety
and absence, at -the call of Grand Eire Veltch
the Southern Etates sent up their represent
atives to Baltimore, Md. They knew not what
their reception might be. but strong la the
faith, and relying on the durability of the
obligations that had been taken by all around
a common altar, they felt assured of a true
fraternal greeting. And a welcome was given
and a scene enacted unparalleled In the his
tory of a fraternity.
Kennedy, Moore, Ellison. Oralghead 1 , Sher
lock. Nicholson. Veitch, Banders. LAmberton,
Btokes, Stuart. Farnsworth, White, Carey and
m. hundred others were there, who with elo
quent voices, tear-dimmed eyes and hearty
nand-ciaxra rejoiced over the return of those
so lorz absent from the fold.
On behalf cf the Grand Encampment
William H. Barnes made the oration
of the day. He spoke as follows: fjj
only do the Odd Fellows, but the 17,000
Rebekahs unite with us in bidding you wel
come.
• At ; the close of : the: meeting • the sov
ereign- grand -officers' and- the • repre
sentatives 'we're escorted . by ;the Patri- :
archs v Militant," 5 in " full unlf orra, to Na
tive Sons' •HalL • . " '. v ";
In the name .of. all present at this gathering,
and in the names of those who are not rep
resented at . this gathering, I . thank you • for
the cordial ' welcome to us. . . . . ,
' After the" hearty welcomes accorded. .1 ' feel
quite comfortable here." It is my pleasant priv
ilege, as well as my " duty, to express ¦ in the
name of all the crand officers ¦ our thanks to
the people of California. . We; feel that we
made no mistake when we selected California
for oar grand encampment. We have '- been
welcomed by your chief municipal officer, by
the officer* of the Grand Lodge of California
and by our sisters, the Rebekahs. Under these
circumstances there Is surely a week of happi
ness In store for us. and we -will go away richer
In knowledge and with the f ties of friendship
and fraternity. more closely bound. The early
pioneers In this State founded the first lodge
of Odd Fellows. here. After the great struggle.
years ago. between the- North and .the- South
the Odd Fellows were pioneers in the movement
to bring about good feeling between the ©nee
divided sections, and, throughout the world Odd
Fellows have been pioneers. In civilization
, The response to the cordial welcom
ing .speeches -was : made by John B.
Goodwin, .grand sire for. the United
States. In introducing him 'the chair
man made a slight mistake -which
caused considerable merriment.. He ¦ re
ferred to : him as "grand;- sire ¦' of u the.
State of California." As Goodwin* comes
from Georgia, and as his Jurisdiction
extends over the entire country, \ he
made the.'most of the blunder and-ac
cused the chairman of not only want
ing to claim- all the climate,' gold, fruit
and flowers for the. State, but-.that-he
was not averse, to laying" hands on
anything else that was good. In part
Grand Sire".Goodwin,said: •
FEELS AT HOME.
It'glves me - great , pleasure to-' bid*, you wel
come. As CalIf<*Tiians we; are proud* that" you
thought enough af;us.to visit, us here and that
you will carry - home ; happy recollections:- of
your week in this State. It Is now».nfty-thre«
years 8ince the Rebekahs were organized, and
during that: time our order has gro-ikh -wonder
fully. During' your, stay- here we will- do .'all
In our power to make you ' feel at home, ' and
hope that when you leave us you will; feel '.that
you have been amon? ; friends. .'".*.. ' ' *
' For the Rebekahs ¦ President * Dora L.
Gardner made a v*ry winning address
of welcome," which' met with hearty ap
plause. She said:
And this • army, whose victories are only
for the rood of humanity, whose conquests are
for peace and good will among men— whose
marches axe marked by the blessings of the
widow and the orphan, I welcome to our tents.
May you individually and collectively* enjoy
your ! sojourn among us. May , you be spared
for many years to continue. your mission for
the uplifting and upbuilding of . the . principles
of Odd Fellowship; and when one by one you
are called : from ¦ yoar labors here below, may
we all reunite 'In. that 'glorious Supreme Eter
nal Assembly where the sound - of the . gavel
for adjournment will -never be heard. Again,
welcome, thrice welcome, to • the tents • of the
patriarchs. . .. ..; ;-.-.- -¦ • ... • ¦ -. ->
the' air with fragrance', and charm the. eye
with their beauty.
- This colden iand, ' colden not only. In Its
mineral • wealth, but - in sunshine and sur
roundings, and grandest- of all — soldan In the
practice of that first great duty of a patriarch
— hospitality, and to thi* land I welcome you
In the name of the patriarchs ; of California.. ¦
I cannot look to-day upon the faces of those
who welcomed, me in 1865. ..The, most of those
have taken down their - tents on ; earth and
passed beyond the swelling waters .of the. dark
river and tone to the. bright beyond, but -I
can and do welcome their noble and faithful
successors. In that olden time when the Geor
gia deleKatlon left Atlanta, there was. a boy
In that State of w>me 10 or 12 years: of : age,
a promis'nz ton of a. worthy sire, -and it. is
a great . privilege and happiness to-day to
erect him as the grand sire of the Sovereign
Grand Lodtre of American Odd Fellowship.
His administration has been- one of the most
brilliant and successful in the annals of this,
our ever proei^rous fraternity, and I know
that I voice- the sentiment' of every heart
whtn I- Dray 'that the choicest blessings of
our Supreme Master on h1ch may rest upoo
him and his, now, henceforth and forever. -
Tou come from ail points or. our national
Jurisdiction —
Where northern Mils with starry crowns and
emerald mantles stand:
Where -southern founts bedew the flowers that
fringe their golden nands;
Where Eastern cities proudly lift on high their
sculptured crest;
Wnere Western woodlands, view the sun «roll
down 1 Pacific's breast.
Where the Hudson swell* Its waves and sweeps
.the lone Columbia's tide;
Where Warrwi fell, where Marlon fcught. and
bold Montgomery died.
From thence^ ye come. -with faithful hearts, an
- • .army brave and strong. .
To strtve for truth, and peace, and love, ' to
war with hate and wrong. . ~ • . :r \ n*
Business of Encampment Is Taken Up by Supreme Body and During
Rest oj : Week Meetings Will ' Be His^tnrNafiae Sons' Hall
Trora. the rurged mountains sxfi the fertile
valleym, from the fore«s of tb* north and
the be*atirul enact towns, from the r*any
routhlsad. from the thrtvin* metropolis of &•
coast, from every nock asd corner of this
£rc*.t State the voice* of our brethren rhout
welcome, thrice wtlcoma to-day. Some of us
*r« from your home« In the Eart anl
ton* are Native Sons, the effvprisr of tb*
pioneers who rears aco croeaed tit p*»^« Not
J. W. LInscott, grand master of the
State of California, then welcomed the
visitors In behalf of the Grand Lodge
of California, saying In part:
It haa been mr pleasure to welcome to this
city a great number of EoUb!«t, and Jt rives
F* *£!f t cur «. »n tehzli of the people of
fc.n FrancJsc*, to extend £an FrancW. hos
ritality to you. a hoepita^ty which is cot
forced, but is epen and cincere. as for your
orrw:xatlon. while I am not a member of it.
I know that mil fraternal orders suit b« baj-i
on sound principles or they would not lire
pe existence to-day of your organization In
JU Rrensrth Is proof cf the solid foundation
on which It is based. It therefore r«vei me
rreat pleasure to «*y. *pe*ldnc for ail. that
I welcome you not only to the dty but to
th« hearts and homes of Its citizens.
MAYOR'S WELCOME.
According to the programme Intro
ductory remarks were to have been
made by Reuben H. Lloyd, president
of the day, but Lloyd waa unable to
attend owing to 111 health and his
place was taken by Chairman Harris
of the reception committee, who made
a few introductory remarks and Intro
duced Mayor Schmitz. The Mayor said
In part:
Seated on the platform were Mayor
Eugene E. Schmitz, representing the
municipality; J. W. Harris, chairman
of the reception committee; J. W. Lln
scott. grand master of the State of
California; "William H. Barnes, grand
6cribe: John H. Goodwin, grand sire;
M. J. Durham, past grand Eire of Ken
tucky; Fred Carleton, past grand Eire
of Texas, and W. H. Woodbridge, grand
president of California. The Rebekahs
were represented by Dora L. Gardner.
president; Mrs. Katzensteln, vice pres
ident; Mrs. Donoho, Mrs. Howe and
Mrs. Wolfe-
In the Lyceum Theater, Odd Fellows'
building, at a reception to the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge, the visitors to
San Francisco were made welcome yes
terday morning in speeches breathing
eincerity and Invited to partake of the
bounteous hospitality of a great State
noted throughout the land for its hos
pitality. The seating room of the hall
was taxed to its utmost capacity and
the visitors lustily cheered the Golden
State, showing their appreciation of the
warm welcome accorded thexn.
THROXG MOVING UNDER THE GREAT. BELL, THE ' CROWNING PIECE OF THE <3TiL?S IliLtJMINATIONS^VHICII SWINGS OVER' JIARKET STREET,, XE.VR KE\RXY.
SOVEREIGN GRAND
LODGE RECEIVED AT
LYCEUM THEATER
The inaugr: ration of the series of
excursions planned for the entertain
ment of the visiting Odd Fellows and
their families will take place this
morning. At 9 o'clock the steamer
Berkeley will leave the ferry building
for a run around the bay. She will
not return to the slip until 4 p. m..
as it is the intention to visit points as
f2r away as Mare Island.
Early yesterday morning the visit
crs began assembling at the Lyceum
Theater, in the Odd Fellows' building,
to welcome the Sovereign Grand
Lodge to California- Officials of the
fraternity and civic officers joined in
greeting the dignitaries of the order
ai.d wishing that success might at
tend their efforts.
At the ccnelusnon of this reception
the officers of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge were escorted to Native Sons'
Hal! *by the Patriachs Militant. Re
splendent In gold braid and purple
plumes, the escort completed a strik
ing picture and gave a foretaste of the
pageant that will march through the
Ftreets next Friday. Upon arrival at
Native Sons' Hall the Sovereign Grand
Lodge was immediately called to order
and with characteristic prompt
ness took up the business that is be
fore it. The Grand Lodge will again
assemble this morning. The Grand
Encampment of California also met
yesterday. It will open its business
sessions this morning.
The Rebekah lodges will claim the
mest interest 10-day, which has been
e=et aside for their special exercises.
I. 'nd<r the direction of President W.
\V. ."Watson, First Vfeq President Flora.
liergmajj. Second Vice President Mary <
K. Donobo. Corresponding Secretary
Ecla M. Cyrus and Treasurer Bessie
D. Monroe. Interesting programmes
have been prepared for both afternoon
and evening.
The most striking features will be
the music by the grand chorus and an
exhibition drill by the San Francisco
Drill Corps, consisting of a number of
uniformed ladies, who have been prac
ticing for some time for the event.
To-morrow the Patriarchs Militant,
the military branch of the Order of
Odd Fellows, will have its turn at
farcy drilling at Mechanics' Pavilion.
but the members of the ladies' drill
corps say the men will have few
plaudits, as the San Francisco Drill
Corps is going to strive hard to win
th<=-m all to-night.
Unusually favorable conditions
marked the inauguration yesterday of
the encampment of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows. Nature, evi
dently as joyous as the fraters here as
sembled, supplied a perfect day for
the opening of the ceremonies and
good cheer waited on all.
The number of representatives seated
from the Grand Lodges is fifty-seven,
while forty-four are representatives of
the Grand Encampments.
During the seating of the delegates
it was developed that four representa
tives were absent — Sumner P. Lawrence
of Massachusetts on account of sickness
and representatives from Michigan.
Georgia and Texas.
J. A. Craig of the maritime provinces
was appointed assistant grand guardian,
and C. H. Lyman, grand secretary of
Ohio Grand Lodge, was appointed as
sistant grand messenger.
The roll call of the Jurisdictions was
then taken up and the new business of
the Jurisdictions reported on. Among
the telegrams received was one of con
gratulation from Past Grand Sire C T.
Campbell of Kansas.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
The next business of the session was
the forming of the various committees
that will have in hand the work of the
session throughout the week. The en
tire work of the session devolves upon
the committees. Tney prepare the re
ports, hear the complaints and transact
the business, after which their work
is passed upon by the offlcers of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge. The following
is a list of the committees formed yes
terday and which will continue through
out the session:
On the State of the Order — Representatives
Kuykendall of Wyoming. Hall of Pennsylvania,
Young of Maryland. Brownlee ot Louisiana.
Potter of Kentucky. Page of New Hampshire.
Borst of New York. Brodie of Quebec. Ryaa
of Oregon, Buchell of Massachusetts. Llcyl of
Missouri. Reynold* of Connecticut.
On the Judiciary, appointed July 10. 1904 —
Representatives Semmes of Alabama. Daniel
of Georgia. Bcllard cf Montana. Montague of
Virginia. Rlnehart cf Florida. Goudy of Colo
rado, Trautmann of New York. Buckley of
Kentucky. Cowan of Ontario, Fosnes cf Mla
nesota Church of Iowa.
On 'Legislation— Representatives Nolen of
Tennessee Hcacland of Nebraska, Gaunt of
Kentucky Garver of Ohio. Melosh of New
Jersey, Klmball of Maine, Overdeer of Dela
ware. Mobley of Idaho, Cosgrove of Washing
ton. Hynds of Georgia. Andrews of Michigan.
McBrayer of North Carolina.
On Finance — Representatives Conway of
Illinois Stler of the District of Columbia. Cox
of Kentucky. Dticher of New York, Watson of
Florida Hawkes of Pennsylvania. Carols cf
Utah Green of North Carolina. Konts of
Georgia Maring of Missouri, Snyder of Ne
braska.' Foster of California. J
On Constitutions— Representatives Stewart
of Mississippi. Haughey of Kansas. Ellis of
Mnhrr-. Mowry of Alabama. Gough of Texas.
Waters of Washington. Hill of Virgin!*. An
drew, of Orescn. Reed of Vermont. Brown, of
South Dakota, Spackmaa of Ontario, Cooper cf
Oklahoma.
On International Relations— Representatives
qnooner of New York. Bornwasser of Indl
f£a? Ba» of Georgia. W.ymls. of Manitoba.
t-mvIs of Alabama. Cushman of Florida. Grtf
nTh of North Carolina. Bryan of Nona Da
kota, Ho»ktei of Ohio. Bleas« ot South Caro-
After the grand representatives had
been allotted the seats they are to oc
cupy in the hall during the remainder
of the week, the report of the com
mittee on credentials was presented.
Upon the recommendation of the com
mittee the seating of new representa
tives took place. The names of the
additional representatives are as fol
lows:
From Grand Lodges — Oliver J. Sernm»s.
Alabama: J. E. Perry. Arizona: Gecnc*
D. Robin*. Arkansas; H. B. Gll
mour. British Columbia; C. W. Baiter. Cali
fornia; George T. Shaw (for one year. vUe
Milton O. Gill, resigned), California; D. F.
Ackenr.ann. Colora4o; Frank R. Upson. Con
necticut; Frank N. Overdeer. Delaware; John.
I. Brown. District of Columbia; Thomas t".
"Watson. Florida; John A. Hynds. Georgia;
A. K. Steunenberg. Idaho: E. S. Convay.
Illinois: Eller E. Pryor, Indiana; I. R. Mascn
< 'or one year, vice W. J. Burnett, deceased*.
Indian Territory; J. A. Rose, Indian Territory.
Zala. A. Church, Iowa: W. L. Brown, Kansas ;
Claude Buckley. Kentucky: Will A. Steldiey.
Louisiana; Leon F. HIgglns. Maine; Walter
T. Devlin. Manitoba; J. C. P. Frazee. Mari
time Provinces; Richard Glbney, Maryland;
Sumner P. Lawrence. Massachusetts; S. A.
Fares-worth. Minnesota; Jaart McCIur*.
Mississippi: Hiram Lloyd, Missouri; R. W.
Nteol. - Montana; Oscar O. Snyder, Nebraska :
John. Lcthropv Nevada: Frank I*. Way. New
Han*9«nlre; Henry J. Melosh. New Jersey;
Samuel Vann. Ve* 54exlco:fraaklin Pi Traut
icaca, .Ne^r- York:- L., f B- McBiajerL' North
Carolina;' T. W. Cathro,* North Dakota: E. I*
Hoskins. Ohio; W. S. Cooper. Oklahoma: Rob
ert- Kin Ross Cowan. Ontario: Joseph Micelli.
Oregon: Charles Chalfant, Pennsylvania: P.
L. Baldwin. Quebec; William H. Sweetland.
Rhode Island: Cole L. Blease. South Carolina;
Dyer H. Campbell. South Dakota; John L.
Nolen. Tennesisee; J. R. Gough. Texas: W. O.
Carbis. Utah; Samuel A. Reed. Vermont: Wil
liam Dodson Hill. Virginia: R. M. Waters.
Washington: G. A. Vincent. West Virginia;
N. R. Nelson. Wisconsin: W. L. Kuykeniia!!.
Wyoming..
From Grand Encampments — James C. Jones,
Alabama; Richard Humphrey. Arizona: Zadoctt
P. Freeman. Arkansas; James R. Webster.
British Columbia; Jchn A. Foster. California:
John La timer. Colorado: Marcus L. Reynolds.
Connecticut; A. L. Koutz. Georgia: Oric Cole.
Idaho; Thomas E. Wood. Illinois: George W.
Trester. Indiana; A. Haight. Indian Territory:
J. C. Milliman, Iowa; A. M. Bain. Kansas:
William H. Cox. Kentucky: Alfred S. Kim
ball. Maine: Melville McKfaa. Maritime Prov
inces; Adrian Hughes. Maryland: Charles N.
Alexander. Massachusetts: T. E. Robinson.
Michigan: C. D. Thompson. Minnesota; C. T.
Webster. Mlwouri: E. G. Fox. Montana.; James
C. Shaw. Nebraska: Willis P. Lane. New
Hampshire: Amos B. Pierce. New Jersey:
Jacob Dilcher. New York: George Green.
North Carolina: O. R. Tucker. North Dakota:
John A. Garver, Ohio: W. H. Edniondson. Ok
lahoma; L. B. Cooper. .Ontario: Thomas F.
Ryan. Oregon: Thomas M. Holden. RJioda
Island; C. H. Tinkham (for one year, vice C.
F. de Mouth, resigned"*. South Dakota: W.
C Fraser, Tennessee: C. A. Kellar. Texas:
L. E. Hubbard. rtah: J. H. B'.akley. Ver
mont: Jame3 E. McCoy St.. Virginia: Charles
B. Hathaway. Washington; John Peacock,
West Virginia; B. H. Kohcrn. Wisconsin: A.
R. Merritt. Wyoming.
sylvania deputy grand sire In the place
temporarily of Deputy Grand Sire Rob
ert E. Wright of Pennsylvania, -who is
unable to attend the session owing to
sickness. During the session official
resolutions of regret and sympathy
¦were adopted and ordered sent to Past
Sire James P. Saunders of New York,
who is absent owing to sickness. Mr.
Saunders is the oldest past grand sire
alive to-day.
NEW REPRESENTATIVES SEATED
Members of Order Say That
His Illness Should Not
Stay His Election.
Response Is Made in Which
Appreciation of Guests
Is Expressed.
Robert E. Wright ofPennsyl*
vania Again Favored for
\ Wffice of Grand Sire.
Mayor Officially Greets Visi*
tors and Extends Hospb
tality of the City.
SJfN FRANCISCO EXTENDS A FORMAL WELCOME
TO SOVEREIGN GRAND LODGE OF ODD FELLOWS
Alcazar— M Xoaba».?
California — "Baza."
Central — "Fallen by tia Way
¦ide."
Chntes— VanderOle. .
Columbia — "WUara of Oj."
rischer'a — "Miss Murmt."
Grand — "Princess Pan Tan."
Majestic — "The Altar of Friend
ship."
Orpieam — Vanderme.
Tivoll— "Tie Serenade."
THE TXSATEBS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY/ SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
TKXS WEATHTE.
rcrecaat mad* at B&a Praa
cisco for thirty hour* endinff
mlflnight, September 20:
Baa rraadseo and Ticmltr —
Pair, warmer Tuesday; Xreih
acrtBwest wind.
G. H. WII.I.SOW.
Local rorecaster.
Temporarily la Charge.
The San Francisco Call.10 a.' m. — Fiftieth annual, session of the Grand Encampment of
tJalifornia will be called to order in Odd Fellows'IIall.
10 a. m. — Eightieth annual session of Sovereign Grand Lodge
will continue its business in Native Sons' Hall.'
2 p. m. — Rebekah exercises, Mechanics' Pavilion.
8 p.- 111. — Conceit and exhibition drill at Mechanics' Pavilion,
under auspices of Rebekah lodges. .. v
8:30 p. m. — Reception to Grand Sire Goodwin and wife at Pal
ace Hotel. • :•: .'•
i . Grand illumination of Market street. :
ODD FELLOWS' PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY
The S magnificent suite of the im
perial parlor, the marble hall and the
maple room in the Palace Hotel will
be thrown open to-night for a dress
reception to the grand sire, other
grand officers, commander of the
Patriarchs Militant j and prominent
members of the order. '
The official "parties will assemble in
the imperial parlor at 9:30 p. m.,
march to and take position In the
maple room, w_here they will receive
the members of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge and visitors, commencing at 10
o'clock..
The column of visitors will pass
through the marble hall into the
maple room, ; be presented to the re
ceiving parties and go into the colon
ial ballroom; where a "conversational"
will be enjoyed until 11:30 p. m. A
fine orchestra .will discourse exquisite
music.'; :- . ¦-¦.. ,¦ ;,,\; ' -. *;-;.;. ' / ' .
the crand rei>resenta,tives. local Odd
WILL ASSEMBLE TO
GREET GRAND SIRE
OF ODD FELLOWS
Mayor Schmitz being detained at a
meeting of the Boarcl of Supervisors,
General C A. Coolidge, U. S. A., vice
chairman of the citizens' reception
committee, took the chair at a gen
eral meeting last evening, whicJi was
attended by more than sixty of the
100 members. The St. Francis Hotel
has provided such luxurious quarters
for the committee that everybody felt
much at home and pleased.
William H. Barnes, secretary of the
convention of I. O. O. F., attended the
meeting and in a neat speech com
plimented the committee on their
6plendid organization and the good
work they are doing for the city and
State. Citizens' membership badges
(pink) were distributed by the sec
retary. W. de St. Paul Seitz, and those
who could not attend will receive
them when calling to-day. These
badges, when presented at Odd Fel
lows' Hall, will entitfe the owner to
an official souvenir badge at the small
cost of 60 cents, after buying which
the wearer. will have access to all of
ficial functions of Odd Fellows' week.
The members of the citizens' com
mittee are requested to keep in con
stant touch with the executive at
headquarters. St. Francis Hotel.
BARNES LAUDS
GOOD WORK OF
THE COMMITTEE
EXCLUSIVE CLUB SUES
Mui/TioirLiJoxAiRE's son
William A. Havemerer Jr. Accused of
Neglect to Pay a $500
BUI.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19. — The Union Club, one
of the most exclusive social organizations in
the city, to-day brought suit against William
A. Havemeyer Jr., said to be a »on of the
"rnultl-millionalre \ sugar magnate, for $500.
The amount represents bills due for elabor
ate entertainments which he is alleged to have
engaged in while living there. When he left
about three months ago, it was discovered
that in his haste he had neglected to pay
In full. . ¦ V
Matthew Smith, treasurer of the organiza
tion, sent many letters to the alleged recal
citrant clubman, but received no response.
Thereupon the case was taken Into the Cir
cuit Court.
Statistician of Methodist
Conference Shows the Con
dition of Church in State
International Congress of
Arts and Sciences Convenes
at the St. Louis Exposition
MUSIC, SPEECHES
AND GOOD CHEER
AT THE PAVILION
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19. — Many of the
foremost scientists of the world • are
among the men of letters who are here
this week to attend the International
Congress of Arts and Sciences, the
opening session of which was held in
Festival Hall at the World's Fair
grounds to-day.
In the absence of James Bryce, M.
P., Sir William' Ramsey thanked the
exposition for the hospitality with
which the delegates had been received.
Continuing, Sir William said:
Upon America England looks with the affec
tion of a mother toward a daughter who has
ltft her some time since. We Englishmen
in attendance look upon this visit to America
es not of that to a foreign country, but to
a near relative with whom we are to come
Into more cordial relations. God speed you
in your progress.
The honorary vice president from
France, Gaston Darboux, extended to
the congress the greetings of the
Academy of Arts and Sciences of
Paris, the oldest institution of its kind
but one In the world.
In the name of Germany and Ger
man professors. Professor Wilhelm
Waldmeyer of Germany praised the
congress and promised that Germany
would be second to none in espousing
its cause and furthering its purposes.
Professor Theodore Escherich of
Austria congratulated the Americans
on the boldness of the idea which they
had conceived and carried out by
bringing together such a noted assem
bly and characterized it as typical of
American progress and pluck.
The Russian speaker, Dr. Oskar
Backlund, was greeted with cheers
and concluded his speech amid an en
thusiastic demonstration. Dr. Back
lund said: *
I bring the greetings of the best thinkers of
my land and expre«s my personal thanks for
the reception I have received.
President Newcora was introduced
as the permanent chairman of the con
gress. He took for his theme "The
Evolution of the Scientific Investiga
tion." He said in part:
Your deliberations will help to demonstrate
to us and to the world at large that the reign
of law mult eupplant that of brute force In
the relations of nations, jurt as It has sup
planted It In the relations of individual*.
Iroquols Theater Reopened.
CHICAGO, Bept. 19.— The Iroquols Theater,
¦where Dearly 600 persons were burned to death
last December, was reopened to-night as a
vaudeville playhouse. The theater has been
refitted at a cost of nearly $100,000 and con
structed n u to meet every requirement of
tha law.
SiKx-iaJ Dispatch to The Call,
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept 19. — At the
opening of the California Confer
ence this morning Rev. Dr. John Kir
by reported as presiding elder of San
Jose district and Rev. J. O. Wahlberg
for the Swedish district. Bishoo M.
C. Harris, elected by the late general
conference as missionary Bishop for
Japj«.n and Korea, addressed the con
ference, reporting as his successor as
superintendent ot the Pacilic Japanese
illusion Conference Rev. N. P. John
son of Japan and Rev. John W.
Woodman as superintendent of the
Hawaiian Japanese district. By a
vote of the conference Bishop Harris
was inade an honorary member.
Rev. J. N. White, recently elected
u.s field agent to raise an endowment
lor the support of the superannuated
ministers, addressed the conference.
He stated that he proposed to raise
$100,000. By resolution he was
granted the right of way in every pul
pit within the boundary of the con
ference to present his cause.
Iiev. D. M. Barrett was elected to
membership in the conference from
the Methodist church from Australia
on his former credentials.
Ilevs. E. P. Dennett, M. H. Alexan
der. W. C. Evans, C. K. Jenness. W. S.
Kelly, J. J. Martin. J. Stephens, R.
E. Wenk. E. R. Willis, W. M- Wood
ward, James Whitaker. William Ang
twn. G. M. Richmond. G. W. White,
F. M. Larkin and F. K. Baker were
appointed examiners for the English
classes. The Swedish classes will be
examined by J. R. Andrews, and the
Japanese classes by Z. Hirota. The
examiner for the Chinese classes la
Chan lion Fan.
Revs. Eli McClish. Thomas FUben,
K. R. Dille and George W. White were
elected a commission to co-operate
vith a like commission from the
£I«nhodist Episcopal Church South to
federate the interests of both churches
In California in educational matters.
' The following deaconesses were
consecrated Sunday morning by the
Bishop, assisted by Revs. A. C. Bane
and E. R. Willis, the latter being pres
ident of the San Francisco National
Training School: Ahena B. Thomas,
Alice Estella. Fassett. Edna Trethe
way and Emma J. Kirk.
The Hammond case has adjusted lt
eelf, the committee having found no
cause for reproaching the minister's
character. He doubtless will be as
eigned-
The afternoon and evening sessions
were taken up almost entirely with
the reading of reports. The accounts
of the statistical secretary showed:
Probationers In the church. 1503;
full members, 18,711; Bunday-school
scholars. 22,287. The amount paid
to missions was $18,197: to confer
ence claimants, $6642; total anto*unt
riven to all benevolences, $51,120; sal
aries of the ministry, $168,443; dis
tributed to superannuated ministers.
their wives and orphans, about J8200
Grand total. $355,529.
Revs. J. E. Wright. R. E. Wenk
ana Or. M. Richmond were elected to
the class of conference stewards for
1906.
The, conference adjourned until to
morrow morning.
The bell tapped the hour, 8 o'clock,
and the Pavilion was crowded from
gallery to main floor.
Some said that 6000 were there, and
this came near the truth. There were
Odd Fellows and Rebekahs at every
nook and crook of the great building,
and good fellowship, that was by no
means odd in view of the genial spirits
who had a heartv welcome and a
heartier handshake for all.
The opening ceremonies of the Grand
Encampment were certainly successful.
The arrangements were all that could
be desired, and it waa a foregone con
clusion that the visitors from all parts
of the East and the coast were satis
fied that the brethren In San Francisco
had left no stone unturned to make for
them a good time — and a lengthy pe
riod of it.
Professor Sarvell's chorus of 600
voices followed the Introductory mu
sical selection of the orchestra. The
great combination of trained voices
could not have done better. The sing
ers were at their best, and at the stroke
of the baton and a wave at the leader's
hand they sang:
Here we welcome, here we welcome.
We welcome you, we welcome you!
The sovereign ruler of our noble band of , mil
lions!
From every nation, from every strand, J:
From the mountains, valleys, deserts, mead
ows, cities : great;
We welcome you with thanksgiving.
To the Golden Gate of the Paciric,
To the land of sunshine, gold and flowers.
To her mountains high, her broad and fertile
plains.
In the name of our city and Its people.
And of "Friendship, Love and Truth," • :
• Here we welcome, here we welcome;
We welcome vou, we welcome you! .-
As soon as the last note of an en
core had died away, Past Grand Mas
ter W. W. Watson made a brief intro
ductory address, in: which he '.", made
reference to the work . that ' is before
the, Sovereign Grand Lodge and- the
programme, for the week. He Intro-
A man eishty years old declared that he
bad been cured of heart disease at Mount
Zlon.
"I took his hands In mine," aald Mrs. John
son, "prayed for him and an hour later h«
was walking around the house. Since that
time he has enjoyed perfect health."
Mrs. Henry James testified that fifteen years
ago she suffered from dropsy and that the
doctors had "given her up." After praying
at Mount Zion and being anointed. Mrs.
James declared, the dropsy left her and never
returned.
NEW YORK. Sent. 19. — Mount Zlon Sanc
tuary, Bramham and Ocean avenues, Jersey
City, was filled with enthusiastic faith curists
to-day to participate In the annual convention
of the eect. Mrs. Gahagun of Poughkeepsie
testified that she had suffered from cancer of
the stomach and "creeping paralysis."
"I dMn't call a physician," continued Mrs.
Gahagan, "but came to Mount Zton and was
healed by prayer. ,
"I had a son who cbuldft't talk. His 'hands
were so deformed that he could not feed him
self, and hla feet were growing backward. A
prayer of faith wu offered and now my son
Is S3 well formed as any man."
Mrs. Gahasan was rewarded with a volley
of "Hallelujahs."
Mrs. William Johnson declared that her son
in-law was dying from septic poisoning and
that the doctors told her he had only two
hours to live.
Women and an Octogenarian Testify
Before Gathering In Jersey City
to Marvelous Healings.
FAITH CURISTS 3IEET
IX ANXUAIi CONVENTION
During the afternoon there was a
short session of the Patriarchs Mili
tant in the Pavilion reception room.
Matters of legislation concerning the
order were informally discussed.
In the morning at 10:30 o'clock
there was a special session of the
Grand Lodge of California in Odd
Fellows' Hall, at which the Grand
Lodge degree was conferred on all
qualified past grands, who were also
instructed in *the method of visiting
the Sovereign Grand Lodge. Cre
dentials were, presented and filed, the
committee in charge acting as a cre
dential committee.
quarters and began a liberal distribu
tion of fruits.
Lebanon Lodge, Rebekahs, of
Stockton announced the following
committee in charge: Mrs. Grace
Willy, JJrs. Ella Homage, Mrs. M.
Woodbridge, Mrs. Hannah Conn. Mrs.
M. Hudson. .Rainbow Lodge of Stock
ton has on its committee Mrs. George
Reynolds, Mrs. Kate Adams and Mrs.
Alice Jarvis. The gentlemen's recep
tion committee consists of George
Hudson, J. K. Humphrey, John Willy
and J. A. Sanford. San Joaquin's
motto is "A land where every Odd
Fellow sits under his own vine and
flg tree."
Pacific Grove is at the southwest
corner of the south wing, main floor,
and is ready to receive callers.
Santa Cruz No. 33 and the San
Francisco drill corps of the Rebekahs
have headquarters in the center of the
same wing. The ladles of the Santa
Cruz reception committee are: Mrs.
Jessie M. Farso, Mrs. L. H. Wessen
dorf, Mrs. M. A. Shelton, Mrs. C. A.
Reed, Mrs. Fannie Thurber. Mrs.
Adele Armstrong and Mrs. Thomas
Armstrong.
San Francisco drill corps is repre
sented by Captain Allie Parker, Lieu
tenant Ella Nixon and Ensign Mattie
Mitchell. There are twenty-four
members of the drill corps and they
are the only women's drill corps that
follows the drill tactics of the cantons.
Fellows and friends generally, with
their ladles, are invited to attend.
MEN OF WISDOM
GATHER AT FAIR
REPORTS READ
TO MINISTERS
liJia, Xolen of Tennessee, Hoagland of ise
bra^ka. ¦ .
j on the Patriarchal Branch of the Order-
Representatives Alexander of Massachusetts,
Perkins of Rhode Island, Munday of Ohio,
¦ \\ ever of California, Webster of British Co
• lumbia, Latlmer of Colorado, Maroney of Del
aware, Nil of Louisiana, Steunenberg of Idaho,
j'MUMman of Iowa, Brown of District of Co
lumbia, McKean of Maritime Provinces.
' On the Rebekah Degree— Representatives
I Lduders of Washington, Baldwin of Quebec,
Bwajrae of Michigan, Havens of Vermont,
I Yantis of Illinois. Howard of Tennessee, Floyd
I of Arkansas, Johnson of Iowa, Trester of
Indiana, Haight of Indian Territory, Cooper
of Ontario, Hall of Missouri.
On Correspondence — Representatives Shaw
I of California, Jones of Alabama. Hutchlnson
of Wisconsin. Caroenter of Connecticut, Wood
I of Illinois, Rose of Indian Territory, Bain
I of KansaH. Higgins of Maine, Handacomb of
KManltoba, Peacock of West Virginia, McClure
of Mississippi, Webster of Missouri.
On Petitions— Representatives Cutter of
¦ Maine, Davis of South Carolina, Creamer of
I Minnesota, Spears of New Mexico, Carpenter
j of Connecticut. Perry of Arizona, Robbins of
j Arkansas. Gilraour of British Columbia, Baker
j of California, Ackerman of Colorado,. Fraser
of Tennessee, Way of New Hampshire.
• On Returns — Representatives Spellman of
| Texas, Harden of West Virginia, Snow of
Maine, Palmer of New Hampshire, Upson of
Connecticut, Nothen of Virginia, Trott of Ari
zona, Stanger of New Jersey, Stewart of Ore
t gon, Startzc-11 of Wyoming, Hathaway of
¦ Washlnston, Blakeley of Vermont.
j On Unfinished Business — Representatives An
i drews of Oregon, Hollowayof Ontario, Lyman
j of Ontario, Frazee at Maritime Provinces,
j Roach of West Virginia, Freeman of Arkansas,
j Farnsworth of Minnesota, Nlchol of Montana,
J Shaw of Nebraska, Sedgwick of Nevada, Lane
j of New Hampshire, Kohorn of Wisconsin.'
! On Miscellaneous Business— Representatives,
Northen of Virginia, Chapman, of Texas,- Mul
| cahy of Nevada, .Godfrey of Ontario, Devlin
of Manitoba, Thompson of Minnesota, Fox of
Montana. Randall of Nebraska, Way of New
J Hampshire, Pierce of New Jersey, Vann of
• New Mexico. Tucker of North Dakota.
t On Grand Bodies Not Represented — Repre
sentatives Fowler of the District of Columbia,
I Nelson of Wisconsin. Roach of West Virginia,
McCoy of West Virginia, Kimball of Vermont,
Campbell of South Dakota, Sweetland of Rhoda
Island. Micelli of Oregon, Holloway of Ontario,
Cathro of North Dakota, Lathrop of Nevada,
Hubbard of Utah.
On Distribution of Grand Officers* Reports —
Representatives Goudy of Colorado, Montague
cf Virginia, Peacock of West Virginia, Stewart
of Maritime Provinces. Shaw of California.
Eilmontson of Ontario, Tinkham of South
Dakota.
On Patriarchs Militant— Representatives
Blake of New Jersey. Hughes of Maryland,
Chase of Tennessee, Humphreys of Arizona,
Jones of Iowa, Wledeman of Colorado, Pem
berton of Illinois. Henderson of Indiana, Rob
inson of Michigan. Dale of Pennsylvania, Day
of Massachusetts, Dryden of Kansas.
On Mileage and Per Diem (appointed July
10, 19O4) — Representatives Stledley of Louisi
ana, Gibney of Maryland, Davis of Connectl
! cut Henderson of District of Columbia, Mer-
I ritt of Wyoming, Williamson of Michigan,
! Stewart of Wisconsin, Stevenson of Delaware,
j Cole of Idaho.
! On Appeals (appointed July 10. 1004)—Rep
i resentatives Thomas of Utah, Keller of Texas,
' iFaac of Maryland, Mason of Indian Territory.
I Hughes of Ohio, Chalfant of Pennsylvania.
Buckley of Mississippi, Brown of Kansas,
' Pryor of Indiana.
j After the.hearjng of routine business
j the session adjourned until 9 . o'clock
' this morning--. . *
I TO-DAY'S SESSION.
' The most important feature of to
! day's session will be the election of new
i officers of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
I for the ensuing two years. Fol-
I lowing the election of officers the
' session will hear the reports of the
I committees appointed yesterday and
I act on the other routine business of the
day. On Saturday the installation of
officers for the ensuing two years will
take place, after which the eightieth
session will come to an end.
The arrangements made by the Odd
Fellows for the decoration of their con
i vention hall have been very elaborate.
1 A supply of new desks, one for each
member of the Sovereign Grand Lodge,
with the name of the State whence he
comes, gives the hall a businesslike ap
pearance. On the stage are placed three
chairs of state, which are occupied by
the presiding officers, while the record
ing officers are placed on a raised plat
form in the auditorium a few -inches
below the level of the stage. On this
platform are placed the desks of the
secretary and his officers, and by this
arrangement a clear view of the entire
hall is afforded to all the officers. An
act of thoughtfulness that was appre
ciated by the visitors was the placing
of a basket of fruit on the desk of each
representative. Throughout the session
the members were able to refresh them
selves with the California fruit, and
many expressions of appreciation were
heard. Another feature of the decora
tion of the hall was the arrangement of
flags of the various countries in,
which there are branches of the order.
These, made of silk and of large pro
' portions, are the property of the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge.
Continued From Page "T, 'Column "T.
Grand Sire Goodwin explained the
purposes of Odd Fellowship, and made
so clear the benefits that are to be de
rived from membership that it was
common expression among those who
listened to him that he had "made con
verts to the cause."
After Grand Sire Goodwin's address
Miss Lulu Purlenky sang a contralto
solo, "Let Me Love Thee." Miss Pur
lenky made a hit at both the afternoon
and evening entertainments. Her voice
Is pewerful and well trained and her
rendition of Arditi's difficult composi
tion was all that the most exacting
critic could expect.
Grand Master John W. Linscott of
California; addressed the brothers on
the advance of Odd Fellowship. He fol
lowed on the lines drawn by Grand
Sire Goodwin and gave much interest
ing data concerning the work of the
order. He was , listened to attentively
and gave way to Past Grand Master
William H/ Barnes of San Francisco,
who is known "from Maine to Southern
California and • from Washington to
Florida."
Everybody who is an Odd Fellow in
California knows "Brother Barnes" —
better than the men from Maine, of,
course — so when he appeared at the
front of the platform there burst forth
a cheer that had the right ring' In it.
Mr. Barn e3 gave sime interesting fig
ures concerning the, status of the ordet
in California; He told of the days when
he first thought of joining the Odd
Fellows, and of the subsequent pleasure
derived from being brought within the
scope of its world-wide influence for
good. Decades have passed and his
tory has been made since he placed
his hand upon the links, but no better
history could have been created from
an Odd Fellow's point of view than
that evolved with the years that have
added strength to Americanism, and,
as a natural consequence, to all well
founded fraternal organizations.
Following Brother Barnes' address
Robert W. Jones, a barytone with a
pleasing voice, rendered "Queen- of
the Earth," by Pinsuti. He was en
cored several times. The chorus sang
the "Gloria," from the "Twelfth Mass"
of Mozart, and the orchestra ended
the evening's programme with a
march by Sousa.
Considering that a very small 'per- |
centage of the visiting Odd, Fellows
were able to attend the afternoon en
tertainment at the Pavilion it is sur
prising that nearly 3000 persons pass'
ed the entrances between the hours of
2 and 5 o'clock. Vocal and instru-"
mental music was the programme, but
in the galleries and the reception- (
rooms on the main floor the cantons |
were too busy to give attention to the
concert San Joaquin, Pacific Grove, ;
Santa Cruz No. 33, San Francisco drill
corps of Rebekahs and Contra Costa
entertained visitors and got their
headquarters in shape. San Jose came
in during the afternoon with thirty
members and prepared to camp in the
north wing of the. gallery. Stockton
took charge at the San Joaquin head-
duCed Grand Sire John B. ' Goodwin',
who was enthusiastically received by
the gTeat audience. Grand Sire Good
win -spoke in a clear," strong voice,
heard in all parts of the building. He
told of the noble work of the Odd Fel
lows, their- rapid growth throughout
not only the United States, but all the
countries .of the. world. The order to
day, has a membership of 1,446,000, and
to this vast number hundreds are added
dally, r ' -
When disaster has overtaken cities
and .towns of ¦ the United States the
Odd Fellows and the Rebekahs have
been- in the fore among the societies
that have administered to the sick and
helpless, the . fatherless and mother
less. When the Americans conquered
in the Philippines it was not many
days before the organization had
spread in the new possessions and
gained a foothold among civilians and
soldiers. Even in South Africa, with
Boer and British, the order was strong
and /far reaching and on the battle
field the link of friendship, love and
truth rtot even cold steel or bursting
shells could sever.
The speaker was frequently, inter
rupted by applause. To the right and
left of him were the officers of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge and in front
of him were a noble 600 of visiting
comrades. From this nucleus of faith
ful supporters of the order the cheers
of approval spread to every part of
the audience.
San Francisco Extends Official
Greeting to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge tf Order of Odd Fellows
THE SXN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/Pit. PIEKCE^S KEMEDIEC.
LILIES OF lULn UNO BEAUTY.
In a recent interview with Mre. Lily
I<an?trT, she very wisely said :
"The fact that I believe iu the superior
force of mind over matter does not blind
me to the truth that the foundation of every
successful life is good health; that the key-
stone to physical beauty is perfect physical
health.
"A sick woman cannot be a beautiful
woman, nor can she be anything but what
we English call a poor-spirited woman.
"To a great extent a woman's beauty is
measured by her vitality— by her health.
*Work, Sunshine, Exercise, Water and
Soap, Plain, Nourishing Food, Lots of
Fresh Air, and a Happy, Contented Spirit
— there, as you say, 'honest and true,' is
my working-rule for youth, youthful spirits
and youthful looks."
One great secret of youth and beauty for
the young woman or the mother is the
proper understanding of her womanly sys-
tem and well-being. Every woman, young
or old, should know herself 2nd. her phys-
ical make-up. A good way to arrive at this
knowledge is to get a good . doctor" book,
such for instance as "The People's Common
Sense Medical Adviser," by R. V. Pierce,
M. p., which can readily be procured by
sending twenty - one cents in one - cent
stamps for paper-bound volume, or thirty-
one cents for cloth-bound copy, and ad-
dressing Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"Dr. Picrce's Favorite Prescription can always
be relied upon to cure when everything else
fails," writes Mrs. Dr. Nielsen, of 430a Langley •
Avenue, Chicago, Ills. "It is a certain cure for
female troubles, diseases in their worst forms.
I suffered for years with ' ulceration, intense
pains and a dreadful backache, which unfitted
me for my work. Finally I grew so HI had to
keep to my bed. In this extremity I u*cd ' Pa-
vorite Prescription • for three months and then
I was well. Only tho? e who have passed
through such a siege of sickness as I have will
understand how much I value Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription."
Dr. Pierce offers $500 reward for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus, or Falling of Womb which he cannot
cure. All he asks is a fair and reasonable
trial of his means of cure. , No substitute ',
for "Favorite Prescription ". offers so much.
OCEAX TRAVXX.
Steamers leaT» Broad-sray
/Cy^^QiK wharv « (P'«r» 9 and 11).
j^/_ "^m|\ n Francisco:
/A/^DJ*^^ \J*\ For Ketchikaa. Tfranr^t.
I I V^*i^\ I I Juneau. Ha'.nn, Skafway.
I \ 1 TV r fl / / etc -- Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
V^Al^lw/ 12 - 1". 22. 27. October 2.
Vysy^x'Vx Change to this company**
v5^»*»S*L/ «teamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, B«l-
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22. 2T. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company'4
(teamen for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky.; at Vancouver
to • C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 13, 19. 29. October 1; Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 1«. 22. 2S. October 4. -
For Los ABselea (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa j Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m. . - ¦' ' ,
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (Tla San Pedro ' and Eaat
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayncos. Port Harford (Sas
Luis Obtepo). Ventura and Hueneme. .
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Sept. 12. 20, 28. October 0.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 1«J, 24. October 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
•alia, Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For farther Information obtain folder.- Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OPPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery gt. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St., and Broad-
way wharves. Prelgrht O2c«, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The PaclHc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. wtU
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourr — Southamvtoa.
From New Tork. Saturday. 9:30 a_ m.
St. Paul Oct. l|Germanlc Oct. 15
Philadelphia Oct. s New Tork Oct. 23
ATLANTIC TXANS70ST LINE.
New Yori— London Direct.
Mlnnehaha.Oct. l,9am|Manitou..Oct. 13, 9 am
Mlnnepls,Oct.8,4:30 am Mnnetnka.Oct.22, 4 pm
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Vancouver ..Oct. l!Southwark.....Qet, 15
Canada Oct. SI Kensington Oct. 23
RED STAB LEtrE.
New Tork — Antwerp — Loadoa — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Parts.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:80 a. mv
Kroonl.ind Oct. l|P!nland Oct. 15
Zeeland Oct. S.Vaderland Oct. 23
WHITE STAS LINE.
New York — Queenitown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtic... Sept. 80, 9 amlCedrtc. ..Oct. 14. 9 am
Baltlo Oct. 5, 2 pml Oceanic. Oct. 19, 2 pm
Majestic. Oct. 12. 10 am 1 Arabic... Oct. 23. S pm
Boston — Queenrto-wn— Liverpool.
Cymric Oct. 13. Nov. IT
NEW SERVICE PROM BOSTON.
Fast Twta-Screw Steamer*
Of 11.400 to 15,000 TOSS.
NEW YORK AND BOSTON SXXZOT
To the Mediterranean,
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLIC. . .Oct. 20. Dee. 1. Jan." 14. F»K 25
CBJCTIC Nov. 8. Dec 12, Febw 4, Waroa IS
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Oct. 8, Not. 18, Jan. T. F%h. 18
ROMANICOct. 29. Dee. 10, Jta. M. Mar. 11
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Ajrent Paet9o QpMt.
- ¦-/ 23 Post St., San FranetscA.
S. B. BONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, S»pt. 29, t p.ra.
8.8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oct. 8, U a.m.
8.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20, 11 aja.
JJ.SPBICKELS Sc BSQS. CO., Az&.TlcKEt OSes 543 Mir*
tot fl&iSHt C3C3 323 Xamt SI, P12T 7, FactSs 31
C0MP1SVIX 6X5SSALS TBAXBATLASTIQin.
DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^.
Balling every Thursday Instead oC <Dtx3*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •3Ja#fiS*
North, River, foot of Morton st.
• First class to Havre. $70 and onward. 8»
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. OBN.
ERAL AGENCT FOR X^TITED STATES AJJD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FTJOAZI A CO.. Paclflo Court
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San FraneJsoow
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agsnts.
To XT. S. Havy Tart aaA TalUJo.
Etmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. 7 foot of
Clay st. north end ferry bids.— Week days.
»:30 A. M 8 and »8 P. M.: Bunda^. »S
A -^ M ;* 1, P -, M - Le *™ Vallejo— Week dayaT
8:50 A. M., 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundayaf*
P. M. Fare. 23o each way. Kxc\irslo^rata«
Sundays to Vallejo, Glen Cove andMarttoea!
?2? r^ nd tr1p - PtPKR, ADEN, GOODAXJU
CO. Phone Main 841. *Satnntay excepfd.
To U. 8. Navy Yard and VaUeJo.
B-fs^m 0 '?^ Mo »«ceU<> and Arrow,
¦Jcn_«gtet: phone Main 1508. HATCH BKO3.
j%8$^&Jt MENANDWQMElt.
*5«SSr«JVEZs < ''^g Ui« Big a for tinn*tur*l
ggFHF •" 1 to * '•r*-^ dlichariM.iaa4nim»tiona,
g&V Qw»mtte<i II lrrit»tiona of ttlo«r»Uoai
Kti " i%ot "i««o«. of mneoas m«mbr»n»«.
P^t^KRTpSS?. 1^ p » ln:9i «' •¦« no « Mlrta *
U»BlinitHSJUHEM!Cjll.CO. c«at or poisonoua.
mrggk CiadKSATl,O.grm Sold by DrnrrUU,
«.ka, or teat in pUln wrapt*'.
*ya i piYr» i ¦¦! n imrin *>r «xpre»». pr»p»M. for
•'•C0.or3botUasti.7S
Cjyonlar Mat on nan*9a<
WeeHy Call $1.00 uerYeap
• 5
9 S1S-S20 KABXST STBEST. J SAHT FBA.ITCISCO. O
I Doable Day FREE SVESSfil
I Wednesday SSS^S
VEILINGS. I.ADIES' @
A -Ml the now styles of Veiling:*. Just Corset Covers, made of soft bleached Q
Z arrired Res value. 25c. We have cambric, perfect lltting and nicely s*
5 placed them on sale at ISc trimmed: regular price 50c; special. Z[
*J ISc Maline. all colors Jic each 125c 2
sv WE CAKEY MUSLIN g,
O The largest assortment of Veilings In Drawers. A beautiful line; good 0
A tb<» city and at the lowest prices. floods; full and well made. Regu- g%
2 2Dc Veiling at. per yard 1 .">c lar price, 75c; special 5Oe Z
?f Veils draped free of charge. LADIES' $
0 BABT Sacques. Made of striped Daisy flan- Q
A Ribbons, all colors, also black and nel; regular price, 75c each; Bpecial ©
q white; made to sell for 10c for 10 50c ©
O yds. Special. 10 yds, for Sc NEW TRIMMINGS. 9
A -, - — .^^^-n New line of Persian Tulmminpa; 9
6 ETTE many patterns; special, per yd..lQe &
© r **'*** ra TH(8a sample ~*~ 9£
q -:<.: ' . - oh e o'clock teas. q
0 '..' •'.•.'•'.: ¦•^/_..f. i V : -v;-'aK| STJTT How gratifying Jt is to hear your 0
0 '-?V^.-'^ r .-.' i i','v;i''" : 2^5 CASE, friends exclaim: How dainty! How 0
q ' ¦• *¦?..' ?£« size 9x15 exquisite your decorations arr>: You q
€% £'- v '-?'tL "i' r 'v-'^'^g^ INCHES. smile and congratulate yourself at a
2 the small amount invested. Jf
X Strong and well made: handy for dt;wkt<!OV'S ¦ S
O packages, school books or clothing; _ , D f" . H . „ - •
• made to sell at J2.00; on sale Famous Lunch Sets are indeed artis- &
a «1 ";<» tic and beautiful; O
S -•• J51.OJ Table Cloth, 42x70 £
J? SEE 12 Napkins, 14x14 %
2 Our full line of Suit Cases, light- 12 Doilies J*
• weight, cheap, strong and well Plain White, Palm, Violets, Roses. 2
• • made; in Linen. Imp. Leather and Regular price, 25c; very special, 9'
O Prgamoid: from 12 inch to 28 inch; set ....-...'.¦. .^. -15c 9
0 from .fi.oO to S4.75 dennison's fancy crepe •
© 3ASKET SUIT CASES. PAPEB. ©
JJ Tl-in. Sl.OO t'3-in. $1.25 Beautiful new designs and patterns. Jr
2 24-in. SI. 50 Just the thing for Mantel Drapes **
KEilEMEEE and Lamp Shades. Regular 25c. ©
© Trunks at factory prices. Com*** nnd^t^fVree' Sample 'Book 0 i
Cl *, n ,t-r~f »». owr-r-^T.^^T of either Fancy Crepo or Table 0
" BOOKS TOB CHILDREN. Napkins. They are a work of art Q
2 Chatter Box. regular SOc. cut to..5Oc and very handy when you wish to 2 '
J* Happy Hooligan; Alphonse and Gas- phone your order. 3?
2 ton; Katzenjammer Kids; On and f-wrAT eprrrAT !S !
Q Off the Ark; Lulu and Leander; GREAT SPECIAIi Q.
O Poor Li'l Mose; all in new dress for In cheap Napkins for restaurants. 0
a 1904 at 50c They are good, clean, white Nap- 0
A ' _„ ,,-,__-,»-_„«. -/% kins. Regular price 55c per thou- t% ¦
O si.50 COP YSIGHTS. oOc ,. an(L Very special 39c 2
J* 300 titles, new and popular fiction; _^___^_^_^___^___^______^^_ 2 ¦
S atllS^^safe ?. SSl S?8B5 TWO TIMEI ' T BOOMl • I
O see WINDOW DISPLAY FOR TI- TKE WEW °* ©«. © j
9 TLES. OR LEST SENT ON APPLI- TOE MARVELOUS LAND OP OZ. 2 I
9 CATION. REGULAR Sl-25; SPECIAL 05c ®
O ¦ ' — i . i i,'i O I
9 KNIVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIRED. © |
PICTURE FRAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADS TO ORDER, 2 j
0 ALL KINDS OP ELECTRICAL WORK DONS AND REPAIRED. Q
Do You Receive These Wireless Messages?
They Are About Your Health.
When your health goes the least bit wrong, a wireless message
Is sent to your brain. °
It says something like this: OB
"You are not quite well-take a dose of
rat onoe and it will put you right." q
Do you attend to these messages when you receive them?
You should do so. BEECHAM'S PILLS often prevent a seriou*
illness, and so prove themselves
"WORTH A GUINEA A BOX."
6old Everywhere In Boxes, fOo* and 25c.
ADVEKTISEMEN^K>^^^
• .t- " ¦*- . 1 ¦_B»sssssW M^ s»g^iiMpy8^S^^^**^^^M^BH3^ssCK^^*|^f--'**.^SL
To sweeten, Dispels colds and j
I^^P^S-^'iSf To 'refresh, / headaches whenl
|W^^^t\.^OT To cleainse the i bilious or con- 1
IS- fc^^^P^ \ Effectually i For men, women I
IU i^^^Hf)" ) aTi^ GentJy; 1 and children; I
Sw Ppi S) There is only \ Acts best? on I
[Mil §0 '"/¦•! u one Genuine 0 the kidneys jj
ll^fe*'' <• ¦• I r^P °^ ?is s J \ and liver
l^^^^^tf V to get its bene- J stomach and
\ ficiol effects -" . ;:'¦.: bowels; I
Always buy the genuine— Manufactured by the I
Ippw&ville, Ky 5wv rmnosce.cai. n^ l \or)n ) HX. 1
ifM Tk c genuine Syrup of Figfs is for sale by -all first-class druggists. The M
jlv* name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always n
jP printed on the front of every package* Price Fifty Cents per bottle. A
"III SSrondl M
II Evaporated B
n Oream m
H^l because it is most concentrated; !§£¦
Eg| because richest in cream; filf
||s because most skillfully |^f
g|a Its purity is guaranteed fts
|Ki|i under forfeit of $5,000 to K3Si
£Bst anyone able to prove jjflal
>p|i| *uiy adulteration in our flisk
MERCHANT TAILORS, . i|
- T t P 22 Market Street. !; : !
P *^ M »^-, Palace Hotel. |:|
J SAN FRANCISCO. |
|[ Novelties > Imported Wear ISkirmish in' Northern Korea,
LONDON, Sept. 19.— A dit patch to i sen
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion of . moderate > prices . oil paintings,
water colors, pastels, etchings and fine
photographs. . The public is cordially In
vited .to call and examine this exhibit,
¦whether wishing to. buy or not.,Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 711 Market street. • • .
A Beautiful Art Gallery.
MADRID. Sept. 18. — The Correspondenda of
this city published a dispatch from Bilbao to
day to the effect that a Russian' cruiser had
been ceen o3 Car* St. Marie an -1 that she
fired two phots at and took possession of a
merchant versel supposed to be a . British
steamship. There Is no confirmation of the
report here.
Reported Scliure by Russian Cruiser
Off Cape St. Marie. ,
BRITISH VESSEL STOPPED.
SALONICA. Sept. 19. — On' the morning of
September 1? 300 Arab soldiers pillaged the
port of Salonlca and the bazaar. Strong
patrols are now guarding the streets.
Sherik Pacha Is surrounded at Prizrend
and Suliman Pasha, with sixteen battalions; Is
proceeding to bis relief.
Sherlk Pasha Surrounded at Prizrend
and Suliman Pasha Is Going
to His Relief.
ARAB SOLDIERS PILLAGE
THE PORT OF SALONICA
SANTA FE MAY RUN LINE
OF SHIPS TO THE ORIENT
Rumor Has It That Company Will
' Make San Diego Pacific Coast
Terminus.
SAN DIEGO," Sept. 10. — It ia reported here
that the Santa Fe Is shortly to resume Ori
ental traffic i through .this port, putting a
line, of French steamers to ply between San
Dieffo and Chinese ports. The report originated
In Lob Ansales. •
The Santa, Fe once attempted to run an Ori
ental line . with San . Diego as a Pacific Coast
terminus,' under the name of the California Ori
ental. ¦ This was discontinued about two yean
aeo, as it was stated that the line did not
w-'^fflaSfi '-.'.*-'"-
WASHINGTON. Eeyt. 19. — Admiral Good
rich, commanding the Pac'.Se wjuadron. has
telegraphed the Nary Department that. he has
forwarded by mail a full report of the agree
ment he entered into with Captain Berllnsky
cf the Russian ves*el Lena for the pp.ro> of the
officers and cr»w of that ship. This provides
for their freedom of the city of San Fran
cisco but they may not go beyond the bound
aries' of the city during the continuance of the
present war and under no conditions shall they
>.« permitted to return to Russia except on the
conclusion of an agreement on that point be
tween the Governments of Russia and Japan,
which would relieve the United States of
any resooxuibillty.
Russians Given the Freedom of the
• Ckjr of San Francisco.
PAROLE OP THE LENA'S CREW.
The man who would be master of his
fortunes must b« the architect of them.
Th*» money that is easily made easily
takes wings; the money that Is earned
by a man's toil, either mental or.physi
cal; is the most lasting. The secret to
success is the ability to save and Judg
ment in investing. But a man must first
learn to save, and once he acquires the
habit, the rest is eas,y. The start in sav
ing seems the most difficult, so many
overlooking the fact that $1 is large
enough capital to begin with. The Phoe
nix Savings, B. and L.. Ass'n; 516 Califor
nia street, will open a savings
for a dollar, paying 4% per cent, interest
compounded semi-annually. On term
accounts 5 per cent is paid, payable
semi-anniially. The paid-up capital, of
the Phoenix is $1,250,000; guarantee cap
ital. J200.000. The directors are:- A. A.
Watkins. Chas. R. Bishop, George C.
Boardman. S. Prentiss Smith, Gavin Mc-
Nab. Chas. E. Ladd. Clarence Grange,
managing director. •
Money That Is Easily Made.
The following officers were- elected to-night:
Commander In chief. Captain William E. "Eng
lish, Indianapolis; senior vice commander in.
chief. George M. lloulton. Chicago; Junior
vice commander In chief. H. L. Warren. Bay
City. Mich.; judge advocate general. Captain
W.'j. Schro^der. Cincinnati: surgeon general,
J. D. Howell, : Buffalo, N. T.
"My comradeship in the United Spanish
"War Veterans is something that I prize mere
highly than I can well say and I wish godspeed
to all at ' their nrst national encampment, as
well as to their comrades who are unable to
attend. Sincerely youra.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 19.— The first national
annual encampment of the United Spanish
War Veterans commenced to-day at the
World's Fair grounds. The following let
ter was received to-day by Commander-in-
Chlef Captain W. E. English frcm Theodore
Roocevelt: ; '¦/, *- ! -"
"Captain W. E. English, commanoer- in -chief
Spanish War Veterans: My Dear Commander
— 1 thank you for your very kind and thought
ful Invitation, and let me, at the outset, con
gratulate you and the Spanish War Veterans
that you are commander- In-chief. I wish It
were in my power to be present and meet you
ami my other comrades of the United Spanish
War Veterans. It would give me peculiar
pleasure to do so. I would certainly be pres
ent if It were possible for me at this time to
go anywhere, and the fact that it Is im
posrtble causes me genuine regret. ¦
"The men who in 'OS volunteered at their
country's call showed that they had In them
the same spirit that actuated their fathers
in '61. The task was easy and needed the
exertion of but a fraction of this nation's
gigantic strength, but the way it was done
showed what the nation could do if the need
was more urgent.
President Roosevelt Sends Letter Ex
pressing Regret at Inability V ,
to Attend.
SPANISH WAR VETERANS
IN ANNUAL ENCAMPMENT
LONDON. Sept. 19.— Sir H«nry Irving be
gan his farewell Feaeon in the provinces at
Cardiff, appearing in ""The Merchant of
Venice." with Miss Matthison as Portia. The
house was crowded and the audience gave
an enthusiastic reception both to Sir Henry
and MlfB Matthiscn. The report published in
the United States that Sir Henry has en
gaged Mian Matthleon an leading lady in place
of Ellen Terry Is Incorrect, the only basis of
the Ltory being in the fact that Mies Matthison
will play such parts as Portia.
Begins His Farewell Season in Eng
lish Provinces, Appearing nt Car
diff in "Merchant of Venice."
SIR HENRY IRVING IS
MAKING HIS LAST TOUR
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1!K>4, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
IX5NDON. Sept. 1?. — According to an In
terview with Professor Metchnikoff of the
Pasteur Institute which appears In the October
number of the Pali Mall Magazine the near
est approach to the elixir of life Is sour milk.
Any one desiring to attain a ripe old age Is
recommended by the professor to follow th«
exampl* of the Bulgarians, who are noted
for their longevity, and consume large quan
tities of this cheap and ea?y obtained beverage.
Professor Eli Metchnikoff Claim*
Beverage Is Nearest Approach to
Elixir of Life.
DRINK SOUR MILK AND
LJVE TO RIPE OLD AGE
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 19.— Acting upon
the advice of his military advisers. Emperor
Nicholas has decided to form a second Man
churian army. It will b« formed of the corps
which are being sent to the Far East, and
Llt-utenant General Line'vltch probably will be
given the command. General Kuropatkin will
become chief of both armies, but without the
title of commander In chief. However, he
will virtually be In complete untrammeled
command.
SECOND MANCHURIAX ARMY.
General Llncvitch Will Command the
¦ Russian Reinforcements.
MOSCOW, Sept. 19. — Commander Dablschof
the cruiwr Gromobol. one of the Vladivostok
squadron, has arrived here. He speaks of the
Japanese bravery as fanatical, and says:
"During the etnking of the Japanese trans
ports by the Vladivostok squadron it was al
most Impossible to save their crews. At one
time tile water around the cruiser was filled
with a thousand Japanese, who sank rather
than be rescued. Two were thrown a rope,
which fell across them, but they deliberately
threw off the rope and sank, shaking their
fists at the Russians."
Fanaticism of Japanese Described by
Russian Naval Officer.
PREFER DEATH TO CAPTURE.,
LONDON, Sept. 19. — Russia's reply
to the British protest on the subject
of Russia's Interpretation of contra
band of war' Includes a decision to re
spect the British demand Jn the case
of the British steamship Knight Com
mander, (sunk by the Vladivostok
squadron off Isu and afterward ad-
Judged a lawful prize). It is under
stood that -Russia- upholds the prin
siple that Admiral Jensen was justified
in sinking the steamship. The British
Government is still hopeful of a set
tlement by means of an Indemnity,
but in view of the decision of the prize
court at Vladivostok it Is said, that
Russia does not see how she can com
ply with the British r demand, as she
thereby would recognize her officers
to be at fault. This question will be
the subject of further negotiations be
tween the two Governments, the Brit
ish authorities appreciating the fact
that Russia has made a substantial
concession in- differentiating between
conditional and absolute contraband.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 19.^ — The
Telegram says advices have been,re
ceived from, a San -Francisco firm of
underwriters, that the Russian Gov
ernment" will pay " all claims of. Port
land shippers arising, from the seizure
of flour on the • German . steamship
'Arabia*- by/ the : Vladivostok squadron.
Local shippers^ are ; preparing - state
ments - of > their ; losses, together . with
It Is understood that private assur
ances have been given the United
States that the American Government
will be satisfied with the manner in
which the contraband rules will , be
interpreted hereafter.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19. — The
Russian construction placed upon the
contraband regulations is eminently
gratifying to the State Department of
ficials and it is directly in line with
their contention. The result will be
to firmly -establish as a principle of
international law the exemption of
foodstuffs conveyed under the condi
tions described from seizure, a matter
which heretofore has not been one of
universal practice. The burden of
proof as to the contraband character
of the goods" is, for the first time,
placed squarely upon the naval com
manders attempting to make the seiz
ures and, if the ship's papers are reg
ular, the shipper would be regarded
as having established prima facie the
non-contraband of his shipment, j This
is regarded- as of great importance to
commercial interests. •-<.,.:.
Russia will not undertake at this
stage to interfere with the cases of
the steamships Arabia and Calchas. of
which the courts have already taken
jurisdiction and in which the Vladi
vostok court found the facts, but upon
appeal the admiralty court will apply
its interpretation of section 10, which
practically amounts to an assurance
that the flour, etc., seized will then be
released.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 19. — The
Russian answer to the American notes
in regard to contraband of war, as
specifically raised in the cases of the
British steamship Calchas and the
Portland and Asiatic line steamship
Arabia (both captured by the Vladi
vostok squadron, the former while
bound from Puget Sound ports to Jap
an) has been delivered. It follows gen
erally the lines of the reply to Great
Britain. On the broad question In
volved Russia recognizes the principle
of the immunity of innocem trade
with Japanese ports, but she holds to
her right to stop contraband destined
for the use of the Japanese military
or naval forces. The circumstances of
each case will to a certain extent gov
ern it.
complete data relative to the ship
ments.
BELGRADE, Sept. 19. — The city, which Is
lavishly decorated, is filled with visitors, but
there Is no great enthusiasm over the ap
proaching coronation of King Peter, which
will occur on Wednesday.
Only the Governments of Germany. Austria.
Italy and Roumania have sent special mes
sages of congratulation. The other powers will
be represented at the coronation In a merely
formal maner and mm« of them, like Great
Britain and Holland, who withdrew their
Ministers after the assassination of King
Alexander and Queen Draga. are taking prac
tically no part in the affair.
No Enthusiasm Over the Formal
Cromiing of King Peter of the
Servians.
CRIME * CASTS ITS SHADOW
UPON THE CORONATION
Contraband Dispute Adjusted to the Satis
faction of America.
OFFICERS OF THB LENA-AXD A UNITED STATES NAVAL. GUNNER AND
VIEW BHOWINO HOW TUB RU83IAN AUXILIARY CRUISER IS BEING
RENDERED HARMX.ESS BY MEN AT MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD.
still massing at Yentai and Bentzia
putze. No Japanese have been discov
ered east of the latter point. The re
connaissances, General Kuropatkin
says, were brilliantly carried out by
Generals Samsonoff's and Rennen
kampffs Cossack brigades, - with a
mixed detachment of Infantry and ar
tillery, under RennenkampfTs personal
command. They covered a village north
of Bentziaputze. which was used as a
pivot. The Russians drew off later,
losing a few men killed or wounded,
after securing valuable information re
garding the Japanese strength and po
sition.
General Kuropatkin says he reviewed
yesterday the Thirty-seventh Division,
commanded by General Chekmareff,
which had then just arrived at Muk
den. It belongs to the First European
Corps, of which the Twenty-second Di
vision. General • Fanasovitch, reached
Liaoyang in time to take part in the
battle there. The appearance of the
newly arrived European troops at Muk
den, instead of being evidence of the
complete Russian concentration there*
as many persons hastily assumed, is
more likely due to the desire of Gen
eral Kurapatkin to get these fresh and
untested troops into contact with the
Japanese and give the soldiers who suf
fered the brunt of the fighting at Liao
yang an opportunity to rest and re
cuperate.
Kuropatkin has ordered the Issue of
heavy winter clothing in the middle of
October. The Russian troops have al
ready exchanged their summer khaki
for their ordinary cloth uniforms.
It is said that the order has aroused great
discontent. Whole regiments are anxious to go
to the theater of war. but the officer* intensely
dislike the prospect of the organizations being
ITlit up. ' .
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 20.— There Ja a
story afloat that a sudden call has been Issued
to officers of the guard regiments stationed
in St. Petersburg to report for service at the
front. According to n-port the order directs
that sLx officers of each regiment should be
chosen by lot and drafted to serve with regi
ments now in the Far East.
Sudden Order to St. Petersburg
Guards Arouses Discontent.
OFFICERS TO BE DRAFTED.
BERLQC. Fept_ 19 — The Japanese are a4
vancirg slnwlj- with a broad front, the left
Titling en the I^Iao River and the rijcht on tlx»
mountains, probably the i"ushan coal mine*,
in-er.ty-eeven dies eastward. The Russian
trocps have recovered their spirits. Chinese
officials are suspected o * gecretly aiding the
Jaiascse.
Jspanese Lines Extend From liao
River to the Mountains.
ADVANCING UPON' MTKDEX.
The strictest pessible guard Is kept
around the Lena, and only those In au
thority on the island and those who are
invited by Captain Berlinsky are per
mitted on board.
Regarding the final disposition of the
crew. Admiral McCalla was unable to
make any statement. "The disposition
of the Lena's crew," he said, "rested
with the department in Washington."
In the meantime the officers appear
contented and the crew look happy and
smiling.
Captain Berlinsky, accompanied by a
number of his officers, called on Ad
miral and Mrs. McCalla at their quar
ters on Saturday. They received a most
hoppitabl* welcome.
The best of good fellowship seems to
pxist between the men on the Lena and
the men stationed on the different war
ships at the island. The men on the
Lena are allowed to go on shore within
a prescribed limit at the will of their
commander*. Captain Berlinsky and
his officers are on parole and can go to
and from the ship as suits their inclina
tions. They cannot, however, accord
ing to the neutrality laws, go farther
than San Francisco and. Its environ
ments.
Every evening at 8 o'clock the entire
crew of the Lena assembles on the for
ward deck, where prayers are said and
hymns are sung. The Russian national
anthem. "God Save the Czar," ends the
day on the Lena.
CALLS OS TIIE ADMIRAL.
Captain Bcrlinsky* paced the forward
deck, and his countenance bore a se
rious aspect while the work of disarma
ment was going on. He said, however,
that he wished to make the statement
that he was highly pleased with the
courtesy shown him and those on board
hi? veFsel by all the officials since his
arrival in this port. Since his ship had
been docked at Mare Island, he said, he
had received the greatest consideration
from Admiral McCalla and the officers
of the admiral's staff. He wanted them
all to know that he appreciated the
courtesies shown him.
The bijr guns, or, as they are
known, the "five-inch Canet" guns,
will not be taken ashore., The re
moval of their breech blocks renders
them useless.
and will be kept there until the Rus-
Eo-Japanese war is over, or until
such time as the President designates
they shall be returned.
BIG GCN'S ARE LEFT.
VAL.LEJO. Sept 19. — The Russian
converted cruiser Lena is now being
dismantled at Mare Island with all
possible speed. It is expected that by
to-morrow evening she will b*
stripped of everything in the way of
armament. Her small rapid firing
gun3 and all her ordnance stores will
be in the big brick ordnance storehouse
of Uncle Sam at the island, while her
big runs will have been made useless
by the removal of their breech blocks.
Early yesterday morning Chief Gun
ner T. J. Shuttleworth, with a small
force of ordnance men, went on board
the Lena and began the work of dis
armament. Every assistance was of
fered them by Captain Berlinsky, his
officers and his crew. The small three
pound rapid-fire guns were removed
from their stands, carried forward,
wrapped in oiled covering and placed
in large wooden cases. The cases
were then sealed us and marked with
the Government stamp. All the ord
nance stores fared in the same way.
On each case was stamped, "H. R. I.
S. Lena." These cases will all be
taken to the storehouses to-morrow
apency from Harbin to-day says the Japanese
are displaying considerable activity In North
Korea. A skirmish is reported between Japa
nese troops and a regiment of Cossacks at
Fukchang. about twenty-seven miles northeast
of Hamheunr. "V:.
A previous dispatch from Nagasaki *a!4 !t
¦was eurr^sed that the Lucia was engaged la
aa eSTtrt to run ccntrabasd into Port Arthur.
Uncle Sam Pulls Cruiser Lena's Teeth at
the Mare Island Navy Yard.
NAGASAKI. EcpU :3. — The so> sarvivor of
the British bark Lcria. xvtich was suck off
Pert Arthur from sinters a mine, has arrived
fcere. He sajs that the L-Jcia vas on her way
trcza Sbsxcbtl to X««ci«-»r^ when «he be
«w> becalmed oS Port Arihar at 3 o'clock
os the m>mirx cf September 10. £h« was
<lrl?tias htlp'fss!?- »b?a the struck a mine
about fr rniles cS the port and was sunk by
tie ex=los:cn.
When Sunk by Mine.
British Bark Lucia Drifting Helplessly
NOT A BLOCKADE RO'N'ER.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 1».— While
Btlll insisting that General Kuropatkin
has sufficient troops at Mukden to con
test the Japanese advance, the "War Of
fice admits that it is not likely a deci
sive battle will be fought there. Every
thing tends to show that the main Rus
sian position is now at Tie Pass, flanked
by hills running out on the left and by
the river on the right.
Official reports to the "War Office axe
to the effect that the Japanese did not
make a further move toward Mukden
until September 17, when reconnais
sances in force disclosed that they were
1X5NDON*. Sept- 20.— A dispatch
from Tokio to a news agency says:
A rcron^ Russian force made a sortie
from Port Arthur on the afternoon of
September 18 and attacked the Etz
shaa fort, -which was recently cap
tured by the Japanese. The fighting
lasted some hoars and the Russians
eventually were repulsed with
heavy loss.
The Mornias Posfa Shanghai cor
responder.t telegraphs that there is an
unconfirmed rumor there that Gen
eral Mistchenko, commander of the
Russian Eastern Cossack brigade, haa
been killed.
Other special dispatches from
Shanghai report tha.t the Japanese on
Sunday last repulsed an attack to the
eastward of Yumentzsushan, north
east of Yental. indicting a. heavy loss
on the Russians.
According to the Dally Telegraph's
Tientsin correspondent. General Ku
rcpatkin is in need of supplies, but
his orders cannot be Slled-
The Daily Telegraph's correspond
ent at Ohefu telegraphs a report
which, he claims, emanates from of
ficials al Port Arthur, that the naval
g--ns on LLaoti Hill fort are -worn out
from incessant firing and that conse
quently the land for about two and a
half miles to the -westward has been
mined. The correspondent adds that
the "wearing out of guns is causing
great anxiety-
Cossacks Encounter
Japanese Near
Mukden
Loses Heavily and Is
Hurled Back by
Japanese
Kuropatkin Makes Tie
Pass His Main
Position
Slav Garrison Fails to
Retake the Etz
shan Fort
PORT ARTHUR BESIEGERS REPULSE SORTIE BY THE RUSSIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER .20^1904.
3
DOAX'S PILLS.
A FRIEWS ADYICE
Will Oflen Help Yon Greatly.
Reafl What a San Fran-
cisco Citizen Says.
You may hesitate to listen to the
advice of 'stranger*, but the testi-
mony of friends or residents of San
Francisco is worth your most careful
attention. It is an easy matter to
investigate such proof as this. The
evidence must be conclusive. Read
the following: .
Margaret Niler. cook, of 7 Hunt
street, says: "There is nothing like
the truth. I can tr,nly and conscien-
tiously say that Doan's Kidney Pills
stopped my back aching and I had
attacks of it for years, some of them
so bad that I did not know what to
do with myself. When a woman is
annoyed like I have been at last
finds a means to end that annoy-
ance she is not only thankful, but is
also anxious to do her friends and
acquaintances a good turn by ac-
quainting them of the fact so that
they may profit by her experience.
Let me emphatically advise any one
suffering from kidney complaint or
backache to use Doan's Kidney
Pills.
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
TARTAR IS A TARTAR
Soft, spongy, sensitive? gums result from
tartar accumulation. It should be removed
at once by your dentist and thereafter pre-
vented by the use of
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
and its complement, SOZODONT Liquid.
The Powder is slightly abrasive, is abso-
lutely free, from grit and acid,. and is Just
the thing for those who have an inclination
for the niceties of cv try-day life.
3 FORMS:' LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE. '..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T3BS^^^bbW 1 v *dF<E3fev^ ¦ S^^&SBj— fir >^^
~~ '~~ : "~~
Th" cure of a beautiful little girl.
•rfaosw picture h«?ads this article is an-
other distinct triumph for the El<-ctro-
Ohemic treatment. The little girl is
Rosa Solan. ap<» s«>v«»n years, thp daugh-
ter of B. Solari of No. 4793 Telegraph
ave.. Oakland. Little Rosa Buffered se-
verely from a calarrhal affection which
effected her in every way. but the most
seriouF effect was upon her ears. The
ear? discharged foul and bad-smelling
matter, and the child could not hear. The
tett that she could not hear made it im-
p^ssiblo for her to *ro to school with any
ndvar.tage. and it also affect*»d her gen-
eral health to stoch an extent that sh<»
«« mssprahle. Th#- l*>ft sid» of the head
»ss painful: sh<» wa.«= w<v»k: she could
not eat. and sh«* had no disposition for
rlay. The . El^ctro-Ch^mic treatment
hejped her from the very start. In a
very short tira* all pain la the head had
'"ft. the discharging from the ears
et«?pped. h»r appetite returned, and. .b^st
cf all. sh* hears perfectly, whefas
she was almost deaf b*>for» taking
th« Elect ro-Chemic course. At a very
email ext>*T.s»» and in a very short time
the child has b^n perfectly cured. H»»r
parents are so d*l)ght»»d with the change
In the little girl that th»>y are only too
plad to make this public ar-knowl^dsr-
m«"rt of th»» success of th<» El«»ctro-
Chem'o tr^atm»nt in th«» serious »-ase of
th*>ir little d«ughi**r. Any •mi* interested
In this case Is perfKtly at liberty to call
upon th«» parents in regard to it. And
thus the evidence is piled up. Grateful
patients are still giving public testimo-
nial* of th«* r^markabl" curative effects
r>f Electro-Chemistry. These testimonials
er» from well-known people and every
or* is genuine. Klectro-Chemistry Is the
only treatment known to science that
cures ringing head and ear noises. It is
the only treatment that cures chronic
discharging ears. It is the only treat-
ment that cures deafness with cer-
tainty. It J-cfRS strange that people
who hav*» heard «f the success of the
Electro-Chemic treatment in ear diseases
ere still continuing to waste money and
time upon the old-style methods of treat-
ment, which are so uncertain and which
rarely ever cure. The Electro-Chemic
treatment is the most successful treat-
ment known for the cure of Consump-
tion. Catarrh. Asthma. Bronchitis. Rheu-
matism. Neuralgia, T^ocomotor Ataxis.
Paralysis. Falling Sickness. Epilepsy.
Dizzine**. Headaches. Spots before the
Eyes. Piles. Fissure. Fistula. Stricture,
Prostatitis. Varicoeele. Nerve Exhaus-
tions. Cancers. Tumors. Old Sores. Ab-
sc*sses. W»ak H^art. Palpitation. Short-
ness of Breath. Insomnia. B!ood Poison.
Fkin Di*eas«>E. Eczema. Ooitre. Swollen
Joints. "Weak Back. Kidney Diseases.
Bladder Diseases. Brights Disease. Dia-
betes. Fpetial Diseases of Women— Ir-
regularities. Misplacements. Ovarian
Pains. *tc.. etc. The Electro-Chemic
X-R*y Examination is the most re-
2i&ble examination that any sufferer'
can have and it is absolutely free'
to all. . The Electro-Cheinie home [
treatment i? very successful and the pa-
tients are loaned a complete outfit for
the borr.e treatment, free of charge. Pa-
tier.ts living at a distance should always
try to come for a personal examination
If possible. Otherwise a full description
of symptoms should be sent in by lcttej I
and free instructions will be given re-
garding the home cours* of Electro-
Ohernte treatment. The success of the
Electro-Chemic practice has caused Imi-
tators to spring up. and an there is only ,
one place in San Francisco -where this
most successful treatme.nt can be had.
each patient should be- very careful and
note th+ location of the Institute, which
Is No. 11* Grant ave.. corner of Post
street. The Electro-Chemic Institute
extends a cordial invitation for all suf-
ferers to come for free consultation and
examination. The office hours are from
nine in the morning till five in the after-
noon and from seven to eight at night,
end on Sundays from nine in the ilioro-
lrff until one In the afternoon.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TO FIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or commoa glass with
your water and let^t stand twenty-four
hours: a sediment or settllns Indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys:
If It stains the linen It Is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it, or pain In the back is also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and blaii-
der are out of order.
What to Do.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so.
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish in curing rheumatism.
pain in the back, kidneys, liver, bladder
and every part of the urinary passage.
It corrects Inability to bold water and
scalding pain In passing it. or bad effects •
following use of liquor, wine or beer, and
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during the
day, and to get up many times daring
the night. The mild and the extraordina-
ry effect of Swamp-Root is soon realized.
It stands the highest for Its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should hare ths
best. Sold by druggists in nfty cent and
one dollar sixes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a book that tells all about It. both
sent absolutely free by mail. Address..
Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. T.
When writing be sure to mention that
you read this generous offer In The Saa
Francisco Dally Call. Don't make any
mistake. but remember the name.
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address. Binghamton. N. T.. on
every bottle. _^ ¦_
IKOPAK |
f DEVELOPING
JahdPRIMTIMG
cutIwces
I can do this
work much better
than you can, be-
cause I'm properly
equipped for it.^ I
caw save you time
and money on it,
also.
DEVEXOPISat
Roll of six lOc/Roll of tw«lY« ..15©
F&LHTIJffO:
Eolio finish. 3c to Jrc\ Velox flnlsh.3e to 6c
I carry OATLIOBT LOADIKO
Plliis in all popular sizes at my
usual low prices.
CYKO printing out paper. Prints
by artificial light. Popular sizes, up
to 4x5. Per package. lKc-
AKSCO CAMEBAS, all sizes, from
Order by mall if you're out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS. th« Stationer,
1008 MABKET ST.. Above Powell St.
SAX FRAXCISCO. -
Dr. Lyon's -
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
, PREPARED 8V
h visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
OF ANATOHY>
\ JZ3T Tk * i -* r Z"' A»»to«i.-»I Mumm la t»« \
A Wer.d. Waftkaawas »r tmj aMtreeltd A
¦ WaSW diuu< »«><H»irnr*4lriki>i<im f
A djafl DR - J33DAN-0'SEASES OF MEN t
\ B fffij&a Co»«ulrmr*»» frte ind nrictiT pr?Ti'«. \
A I jS^c II Trm«t»t p*r»on*' t « br l«rt«r. A 0
W C far Tl (I ftwin CW« ia t » t ;y vtam o>d«nmkea. T
A f I » m Wr!s { " ***¦ ruLoiorav «r A
V • If IT n»i»i«i*«J«. MAiLia Fftmx, <Af
A u it »» ! u* hl » bo * k (#r ""¦> A
V DB. JOUDAX * «:*>.1CSI Mmr1r»f<t..S. T. V
i^pKEvery Woman
iWffl '« i\\j»v\Y1Il •• interfiled «ml tboald know
Hvl^WftM'fl MARVTL Whirling Spray
\J ¦*^C- fiJiV**^ Honmd Jiurtion. H-»t-*af-
v VN^!Jy^*^l™iK_—^•'— Most COT-»erJi»3t.
i.k j.«r intttit Tor It. £fl -.'T^"^
If h^ranrot ircpp'y th* \v GsST^TZy^J^
MAKVKI.. acreft no >4Sr%: *^£l>->_
otbrr. but **Bd stamp for 3»v / *&':VA^
lllostratod book— •*•(»*. !tri"»M \W / "Jf
f all w»rticul»r» aad <ttrwt:nn« In- Afi/ m
Talaablr to ladies !»l .1RVKL CO,,TJ , »
4 1 P.irU IUw, Saw i «rk. 'iU,{l\^
152 New Montsomery, Saa Francisco. Ca!.
William Hatt.-Tcti « Ladies" Deot.). :24 Slitter.
Unlcn Vmz Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oscood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy 11» gllf
MM R»
For health and pleaxare: cnr» your rheuma-
tism, malaria, liver, kidney, with th« natural
hot baths and wonderful •tomach waters at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
Arsenic beaut? baths, mineral swlmrnlsc pond;
cl!mat« perfect; housekeepinr cottages; open
year round. Reduced winter rates now oa;
booklets at PECK - S.
II. H. McGOWA-y. S»!g1er. Laka Co.
ZtASS'S OUST STOSS.
431 XEAX2TT ST.
Dealer* ta nrearms. nitlnf; Tackle aad
Bportto* Goods of All Descriptions. *
CamT Outfits of TtnU. Bui. Stove*. Le«-
etarsTBoots and Saoes. Send Sc poetax* for
10O-pax« catalogue.
OWK In mo-aatalns CAMP
jS Camp Meeker. Sonoma, County.
S£il S h^ v«*y readable. MRS. J.
ImELDsSta^halls. Martn County. Cal
SCHAITEB'S OBO-WX— BOSS TA*UV&T.
•MTaTTboardins: terms reasonable Team
meets Sunday mornlnx trains. . AditreM MK3*.
STirmMAT. ro» sutioa." On the summit of Mont Blanc a. Mar
coni station is about to be erected. £
CHICAGO,- Sept. 19.— To-nl«ht at the ' Illi
nois Theater Charles Frohman presented for
tbe first ¦ time 1 E. H. Sothern and Julia ¦ Mar
lowe, supported 'by aa especially, selected com
pany, in a production of "Romeo and Juliet."
Thia was Sothern' a first appearance as Romeo.
Sot hern and Julia Marlowe.
WASHINGTON;. Septl* 19.— Thomas B. Wag.
gaman i has resigned , his positl6n as ' treasurer
and a member of the board 6f trustees of the
Catholic Unlversit/. The resignation was ten.
dered in -response to a request contained* In a.
letter to Waggaman. signed by Cardinal Gib
bons, the chancellor. of the Institution. • It-be
came effective on September 1. • • •
Wagsaman Forced to - Resign.
The Sumner : (Mo.) Star saya a man
called ' : at the home of a , farmer near
Sumner the other day and, finding a
little boy in the yard, asked where his
father was. The little fellow, replied:
"Papa's out in the pigpen. You can tell
him— he's got 'a hat on."— New York
Tribune. . • -\; * -
His Mark of Distinction.
RENO.-Sept. 19. — Roy. Sedgwick- had * thrill
ing experience upon : .th* Truckee 'Rlver~^to~
day." *WhIle-'boatTidmir he was carried over
the raging rapids : of : the stream. The boat
was cays t red ' and the force of the water car
ried the youth between two rocks, firmly wedg
ins there. For half an hour he : was In . thla
perilous position.' finally betngr rescued by three
ycuns men with the aid of polea.'r . A largt
«rowd witnessed the accident.
Rescued by Companions After' Thrill.
; ing .Trip Over .the Rapids
of the. Trucked Vi
ROCKS SAVE A YOUTH
FROM DEATH IN RIVER
PETERSHAM. Mass.. Sept. 10.— Genera!
Russell Hastings of Bermuda la dead, aged
CO years. When tbe Civil War broke oat he
enlisted In the Twenty-third Ohio. In which
Rutherford B. Haye» and William McKinley
served. General Hastings became adjutant
general on the staff of General Hayea and
later was made colonel and brigadier general
by brevet.
Death of General Hastings.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Sent. 19.—Follow
ing a difficulty over he refusal ot the cap
tain to Issue a Dttss giving him leave to ab
sent himself from the grounds, Frederick J.
Klnley. 72 ' years old, an Inmate of the Na
tional Soldiers' Home at Hampton, fatally
stabbed Caotaln Augustus C. Paul, ¦ 66 years
of age, the commander of hl» company. In the
latter* a office to-night. Captain Paul wu the
eon of General Paul, who waj killed at the
battle of Gettysburg.
Tragedy in a Soldiers' Home.
FRESNO. Sept. 19.— At McKenzift's mill, this
morning Christopher Fitzgerald, a veteran of
the civil war. shot and killed Charles Slater.
Slater was preparing to move from the place
and was selling his personal property to hla
fellow woodsman. Fitzgerald had aome thing*
in Slater's cabin and the two men got Into
an argument as to their ownership. Flt*
jcrrald took a rifle to defend himself and as
Slater came toward him fired the fatal shot.
Fitzgerald gave himself up. _ .
Veteran Slays Cabin Mate.
Albert S. I»wer representing the | petition
ing creditors, estimates the . assets of tbe
company at $200,000 and the liabilities at
about $500,000. , : #SNi»8E*5£s;
CHIC AGO., -Sept. 19.— The Western Supply
Company,' 18 West Randolph street, one of the
largest farm Implement firms In the Middle
West, was to-day placed . In the hands of . a
receiver by Judg« Kohlsaat in the United
States Court. This action followed the fil
ing of a petition alleging Insolvency by cred
itors of the concern.- ,,
Creditors of Western Supply .Company
File* Petition Alleging the-Insol
• vency of the- Concern. • '
RECEIVER FOR LARGE V
CHICAGO IMPLEMENT: FIRM
SAVANNAH, Ga,, Sept. 19.— The house of
J. J. Bennett, a prominent farmer In Wayne
County, was fired Into by negroes late last
night' and one of his nephews barely escaped
death. -
The home of Bennett Is virtually In a state
of elege. He has been warned that he is a
"marked man" and his neighbors have been
called upon to protect him. The negroes have
a grievance against Bennett because, as a
Judge, he sent a negro preacher to the chain
gang. . ¦ . .. .
Home of Former Jurist Who Sen
tenced Colored Preacher Is
Beeiesed.
NEGROES MARK GEORGIA
RANCHER FOR. DEATH
Artificial silk appears to be an ar
ticle of manufacture with a great fu
ture. The Associated Factories of Ar
tificial Silk, a corporation here, which
was formed in 1900, is reported now
to manufacture five times as much ar
tificial silk as in 1900. The exports
of .artificial silk from Germany to the
United States, as far as I am able to
find, for the year ended June 30, 1903,
amounted to $319,068 88, of which
$181*430 11 was exported " from this
district and 8137,638 77 from that of
Aix la Chapelle. I also find that $97,
943 21 worth was shipped to the Unit
ed States during that period from
Lyons. France; $320 80 from St.
Etlenne, . France, and $16,70109 from
Brussels. Belgium — making exports to
the United Stages amounting to $434,
0S3 98 for that year. — Richard Guen
ther, - Consul General, Frankfort, Ger
many. •
Artificial Silk.
HUNTSV1LLE, Ala,. Sept. 19.— The special
grand jury which investigated the Horace
Maple lynching made Its report to-night, recom
mending the Impeachment of Sheriff, Augustus
Rodgers, Mayor Thomas W. Smith and Chief
of Police David B. Overton, and recommend
ing that the police force of tho city of Hunts
vllle be reorganized.
Sheriff, Mayor and Chief of Police
Held Responsible for a
Lynching*
GRAND JURY RECOMMENDS
OFFICIALS' IMPEACHMENT
SALT LAKE). Sept. 19.— A telegram received
to-day from W. J. Davidson of San Francisco
Identifies as that of his father, John Davidson,
the body of an aged man who died on a Rio
Grande train near here yesterday. On the
body was found a slip of paper with 2346 Post
>treet, San Francisco, written on It. This ad
dress served to locate the son In San Fran
cisco. I
The dead man's ticket indicates .that be
started from Detroit to visit hl» »on. He vraa
about 80 years of age. Death probably was
due to heart failure, caused by tha altitude.
The body will be shipped to Ban Francisco.
Aged Man Traveling to' San Francisco
Suddenly Expires on a
Train.
DIES WHILE ON WAY
. to visit ins son
Schwab has sold most of his holdings In
United States Steel since his retirement from
the directorate of that company and he has
withdrawn \from the American Foundries Com
pany, of which his brother, Joseph Schwab,
was president, so as to devote himself ex
clusively to the upbuilding of tbe reorganized
shipyards combine. • ¦ •
Tbe Union Iron Works at San Francisco will
be sold on September 26 and the Harlan and
Hclllng&worth worka at Wilmington, Del., will
be sold the first week In -October.
At ' each of the . foreclosure Bales Schwab
has-been an Interested ¦¦ spectator, and he will
attend the I succeeding . sales. The properties
are being bid In at sums far below the figures
at which they were put lntA the United States
Shipbuilding Company and' 'with -reduced fixed
annual charges be -believes he can make a
success of his new company.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19. — Day by day Charles
M. Schwab Is consummating his plan for the
absorption of the rehabilitated shipbuilding
combine. Within a month the last foreclosure
Bale of the several plants, will have been com
pleted. To-day the Bath Iron Works and the
Hyde Windlass Company were purchased by
the reorganized company. On Wednesday
Schwab will start for San Francisco with the
receiver, former Senator James Smith Jr., to
attend the sale of the Union Iron Works.
Steel King Will Devote All His Time
to Making the Venture a *
Success.
NEW. SHIP YARD'S' COMBINE
NOW SCHWAB'S PET HOBBY
bers, with the result that two of the Ital
ians were killed and another wounded. See-
Ing that they were getting the worst of th*
fight, the other occupants of the section house
fled from the place and lsft the robbers in
full possession. The robbers then searched
the place and secured $483, set fire to tha
shanty and escaped in the darkness.
Italian Section Employes Make Dis
astrous Attempt to Save
-Their Money.
CHICAGO, Bept. 19. — Two men wer« killed
and another seriously wounded in a battle with,
hold-up men at Riverside to-night.
Two- robbers broke into the section house,
which was occupied by several Italian labor
ers. .Tha latter, who had retired for the
nisht, were ordered to produce what money
they had. Instead' of complying, the Italians
rushed upon the robbers and tried to over
power them. t
Revolvers and knives were used by the rob-
ROBBERS KILL TWO MEN
AND WOUND A THIRD
. Queen. Amelie of Portugal, who has
been visiting some of her friends in
Paris and other Continental cities, looks
back on a romantic career and is an
interesting personality. She is a daugh
ter of the Comte de Paris, and during
the first exile of her parents spent most
of her girlhood in England. Don Carlos
of Portugal saw her portrait in London
and fell in love with it. The wooing
was not long a-doing, and the mar
riage aroused so much interest and en
thusiasm in France that It quite
alarmed the French; Government and
indirectly led to the final banishment
of the royal bride's 'unfortunate father.
Queen Amelie Is a woman of many dif
ferent interests and tastes. She |s the
only Queen who has in a serious sense
studied medicine, and thanks to her ef
forts Lisbon now boasts of one of the
best model hospitals in_ Europe. Like
her sister, the Duchess of Aosta, she is
an enthusiastic horsewoman, and her
self taught her two sons to ride. — Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
Queen Amelie of Portugal.
The Pension Bureau has been able to find
only 18,303 veterans who are not receiving
eome kind of a pension and 28,806 who could
get an Increase under the order. Consequently,
of the $1,500,000 appropriated only $90,000 has
been used. >
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.— For tbe first time
in the history of the Government money ap>
proprlated for pensions is now going back to
the Treasury. This la due. according to re
ports from the Pension Bureau, to the fact
that under the executive pension order only
45,000 new pensioners have applied. When this
order was issued it was expected that the num
ber to apply under Its provisions would reach
at least 200,000. and $1,500,000 was appropri
ated. ¦ ''
Appropriation by Congress Proves to
Have Been Unnecessarily
Large. .
PEN SIOX MONEY GOES
BACK TO THE TREASURY
The Western Pacific management, wishing
to establish friendly relations with the < JouM
and Hawley lines, elected a Gould director
in Edwin T. JefTery, president of the Denver
and Rio Grande.
Wall street popularly believes that the
Western Pacific Is a Gould proposition and
will so develop when the enterprise has reached
a more tangible shape than at present.
NEW YORK. Sept. %0.— Edwin Hawley**
election to the directorate of 'the Western Pa
cific suggests In the nflnds of many the likeli
hood of an alliance between the Western.Pa
cific and tha Colorado Southern. In which the
Hawley Interests are dominant.
No explanation of his election to the West
ern Pacific board was given by Hawley. It
was pointed out, however, by Interests con
nected with the Western Pacific that th-> Den
ver and : Rio Grande reaches Salt Lake, tha
terminus of the Western Pacific, and the Den
ver and Rio Grande, with the Colorado South
ern, controls the Colorado Midland.
How -Wall Street.. Looks Upon %tie
Election of Hawley to the
» Directorate.
REGARDS WESTERN PACIFIC
AS A GOULD PROPOSITION
A Test Case in Kansas.
Congressmen and Senators from all
over the United Statea will watch
closely the election returns from tha
Seventh Kansas District this fall. It
will be a test case aa to- -what Govern
ment garden seeds will do- for a man.
Besides his regular apportionment of
12,000 packages, Congressman Murdocl:
has talked other congressmen out of
10,000 packages. Senator Long and Con
gressman at Large Scott have also dis
tributed part of their apportionment in
the district. Each one of these pack
ages contains five smaller packages.—
New York Tribune.
It was in February last that John
Sharp Williams' leadership of the mi
nority in the House of Representatives
had so spread his fame that he was
widely talked about as of Presidential
caliber. An enterprising but unsophis
ticated young newspaper man sought
the Mississipplan for information as 'to
any movement in his favor. Mr. Wil
liams, with well dissembled gravity, as
sured the reporter that everything was
auspicious for his boom. Recent reports
from Mississippi especially were highly
encouraging.
"Toomsuba, Ofanoma, Noxopater,
Nanachehaw, Toccopola, Tabbvilleand
Grubbs Springs, I am told," he said,
"are already for me, while I have every
reason to believe that I shall have the
undivided support of such places as
Nittayuma, Wahalak, Bolatusha, Hush
pukena, Pelahatchles, Mittayuma, Es
tabutchee, Ittabena, Scutch, Cinqupin,
Pawtickfaw, Octoc, Leggo, Yellow Rab
bit, Chunkey Station, Hambone, Deovo
lente and Whynot."
When the reporter had sufficiently re
covered to scrutinize the countenance
of the Mississippi statesman he asked:
"How do you spell those?"
Mr. Williams patiently and with dig
nified deliberation spelled the words.
The reporter took it all down and went
away with a quizzical look, almost as
quizzical as that with which the minor
ity leader disappeared within the swing
ing doors of the House. — Harper's
Weekly.
Williams as a Joker.
• It Is the fate of the strong man to make
enemies The very attributes of character
which lift him above the ordinary level create
an opposition that la always too bitter to do
him Justice. Weak men also arouse opposition,
but it 1b of the kind that despises rather than
hates. The difference la due to the fact that
the strong man fights after the manner of a
valiant soldier, pressing straight onward to
the goal and forcing obstacles aside as he
advances, while the weak man .zigzags along,
making detours and resorting to tricks to save
himself from being driven back Into the ob
scurity he merits.
At this time one of tho strong men of the
United States Is the nominee of a great party
for President. His name is Theodore Roose
velt. As a Police Commissioner of New York
city, as Governor of New York State, as Vlce-
Presldent of the United States and as President
he has proved his strength. He has made
enemies, and his enemies are a credit to htm.
If the men and Interests who are now fight
ing him were his friends their support would
make him less worthy of the confidence of the
people.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19. — Alameda
County now has but one Democratic
newspaper. Formerly there were
double that number, but Daniel Mc-
Carthy, proprietor and editor of the
San Leandro Reporter, has decided to
support President Roosevelt in the
Presidential campaign, 'leaving: the
Livermore Herald, owned by A. L.
Henry, the only Democratic paper 1 .,' In
the county.
•Ever since the establishment of the
San Leandro • Reporter Mr. McCarthy
has been a stanch'champlon of the
Democratic party,- but the sterling
qualities of the present chief executive
have won him over and he announces
his determination to support Roosevelt
in the following editorial:
Editor of San Leandro Re
porter Will Be for the
President.
daniel McCarthy, editor and
PROPRIETOR OF THE SAN LE
ANDRO REPORTER.
Mies L!ta Schlessinger Is planning an Infor
mal 4 o'clock tea for a dozen or more friends
of the. Misees Ella and Leslie- Wight. The
first named leaves in a few days for Honolulu
with her mother, Mrs. Laura 'Wight, and Miss
Leslie will return to Europe to pursue her
musical studies
The marriage of Mies Hooper and Mr. Creed
ha* been set for October 16 and will take
place at the Hooper home In Alameda, Mrs.
Sumner Crosby, the bride's only sister, will
be her matron of honor and the groom's young
Bister, Miss Pussy Creed, will act as maid of
honor. Clarence La Vallan Creed will be his
brother's best man and the ushers will be
-William H. Creed, Victor Henderson, Duncan
McDuffle and Arthur Tasheira— all ' college
mates and fraternity brothers of the groom.
The wedding, which is to be an afternoon
affair, will be of widespread interest oyrlng
to the social prominence of both families.
Dr. McNab entertained his best man and
ti&hers at dinner Saturday evening and to
morrow night Miss Young will dine her bridal
party. # # ;
OAKLAND, Sept. 19. — The round of social
entertainment is necessarily monotonous. Cus
tom ' designs the pattern and only the uncon
ventional . dare stray from the Bet outlines-
But occasionally tbe fashionable set Introduces
an Innovation that meets with" general ap
proval ; Newport has given us the "dinner
dance," a ?orm~6f entertaining .welcomed by
the hostess; who has a beautiful- home, a rest
less hospitality .and ample, means with which
to gratify .her. aspirations.' Just now the din
ner dance Is. the thing and th« first to follow
this pleasant Innovation is .Mrs. . A. L. Stone,
who entertained- in this happy fashion this
evening in hpnor of Mis? -May Young and her
fiance. ; Dr. Thomas R.eld McNab.
The :A. -L. Storties'^.house.'on Veraon Heights
Is one. of the very artistic- homes of Oakland
and presented a luxurious picture this evening.
Sixteen .guests, including Miss Young's bridal
party, were seated about the large oval table.
A great basket of pink Bridesmaid roses occu
pied the* center of the- table, • while streamers
of pink tulle wound through the gleaming ser
vice and silver candelabra. The dinner guests
were Miss Young and Dr. McNab, Miss Bertha
Young. Miss Anne McNab. Miss Anita Oliver,
Miss Marietta Havens,* Miss Carolyn Oliver,
Miss Havemeyer, Miss Bertha McElrath, John
McNab, Dr. Allaneon Weeks. Dr. Benjamin
Bakewell. Russell Taylor, Vail Bakewell, Sid
ney Prlngle and Lloyd Lacy.
The dinner party was joined later by those
invited to the d&noe to the number of forty or
fifty. The ballroom was beautifully decorated
with blue and yellow chrysanthemums.
In spite of the fact that she has been feted
so much Mies Young is looking extremely well
and will undoubtedly fulfill her friends' prog
nostications that she will make a lovely bride.
It is a great temptation not to till about that
exquisite bridal eown now. It Is a rich, soft
cream in color and the bridesmaids are all to
be in blue — "picture gowns" ¦ describes them
best. The happy little bride-to-be has already
received a great number of the most gorgeous
gifts from far and near.
' Her sister, Mrs. Dredge, is in London and
will not be at the wedding, neither will her
two younger brothers, who are In Honolulu,
but' Mrs. Conrad von Hamm and Mrs. R. W.
Anderson are here and guests at Rose Crest.
Mrs. McNab, the groom's mother, and his
sister arrived last Friday and are also guests
of the Younss.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
DINNER DANCE
SARATOGA. N. Y., Sept 10.— The majority
of the 430 delegates who will constitute the
Democratic State Convention, called to meet
here at noon to-morrow, are In Saratoga, The
net result of to-day's developments is the se
lection of Duncan Campbell Lee of Ithaca to
be permanent chairman of the convention and
George Raines of Rochester to be chairman of
the committee on resolutions.
Otherwise, according to the most authorita
tive information obtainable to-night, th« sit
uation utands as it stood last Thursday night
¦when Judge Parker left New' York City after
his series of conferences with various leaders.
It is the general Impression that agreements
will be reached and the question of the nomi
nation for the Governorship settled in confer
ence, so that only one name shall be presented
to the convention and the nomination be made
unanimously.
There is no diminution in the undercurrent
of feeling, which has been In evidence since
tho delegates began to gather, that unless some
compromise become necessary the convention
will nominate Edward M. Shepard of Brook
lyn. The belief is prevalent that Shepard has
the support of the nationa 1 leaders and this
gives strength to the Shepard movement.
Senator McCarren to-day declared himself
unalterably opposed to the nomination of
Shepard and announced without qualification
that -If Shepard. be nominated it must be with
out the aid or consent of Kings County. .
Man Not Yet Chosen to Head New
York Democratic Ticket.
LEADERS FAIIi TO AGREE.
4 Oakland Office' Ban Francisco Call,
1018 Broadway, Sept. 19.
* George Boeddiker, 48 years old, for
merly a night watchman at Berkeley,
Was arrested after midnight this morn
ing by Detective George Kyte after' the
officer had watched his prisoner try to
force open windows in -four residences
on Thirty-fifth street. -• ---— ¦
Boeddiker gave the name of Henry
Becker. In vestlgatiorr disclosed the fact
that Boeddiker had been arrested sev
eral months ago on a charge of stealing
fish from Fischel's market at Berkeley,
where he had been a watchman.
After his suspicions had been aroused
the detective hid in doorways and
watched Boeddiker, who approached
the residence of H. E. Wharton Jr.; at
C64 Thirty-fifth street, and tried to open
a front window. He bailed i there • and
then sought the residence of. Henry Mc-
Cioy, at 69S -Thirty-fifth 1 , street. •" The
window there did' not' yield, so.Boed
diker moved on to H. E. Wharton Sr.'s
dwelling, at 702 Thirty-fifth street Here
he met a third failure, as he also was
unsuccessful at Paul A. Garin's house,
736 Thirty-fifth street.
Kyte then took the man into custody.
WIFE PROVES CHARGES
AGAIXST HER HUSBAND
• COMPROMISE BUIT.— OAKLAND. Bept.
IS. — A compromise was effected to-day in a
damage suit brought by Mary A. Boyd against
Charles P. Doe, owner, of the schooner Phoenix,
ar.d the case originally brought for $20,000
w-as settled for $5f>00. The woman's husband
was killed by the breaking of a sling of lum
ber while unloading lumber from the boat.
OAKLAND. Sept. 19. — Frank Cronln com
plained to-day to the police that he had been
*andbagxed and robbed of $8 75 last night at
6ii:th street and Broadway by Frank Williams,
whose acquaintance Ctonln had made shortly
befor* tbe reported assault occurred. Cronin,
n-ho ia a stranger In Oakland, said he had
bef rier.ded the man who xobbed him.
Stranger Says He Was Robbed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 19.
Mayor Olney to-<lay issued a state
ment in regard to the proposed bond
issue. He based his statement upon
aa examination of the proposed Cen
tral Park site made by him this morn
ing and he denounced the effort to
stampede the voters against the bonds.
Mayor Olney has an agreement from
the Realty Syndicate to get all of the
tract ct actual cost.
This is Mayor Olney's official.state
ment in full:
To the People of Oakland: I don't believe
the voters of Oakland can* be stampeded by
tha statements that we are to pay too much
for tbe land for a central park. I have Ju«t
gon« over the 1 proposed park and examined
the boundaries, and am better satisfied than
ever that th* Council selected the very lands
most suitable for a park. We are to get these
Undi for $1000 per acre, and the Realty Syndi
cate offer to me. as representing the city, to
permit a Joint commute* qt the Board of
Trade and the Merchants' Exchange, or a com
mittee from, the Progress Federation or from
the Council to exam:r.e the contracts and all
•vteerees of cost end ascertain what these
lands have cost the syndicate. The eynfiicate
declares that it will b« found that the cost Is
In excess of $1000 per acre. t '
The taafia selected by the Council eeem to
have been formed by nature for our park, .and
I hop* every voter will vtelt the grounds be
fore election. If the voters do there can be
no doubt as to the result.
Now, as to the knocking statements. A
morning paper cays this mornmg that the
Bather tract consists of 600 acres and that the
Realty Syndicate paid $21)0.000 for it. or a
little over $400 per acre, and that the best part
of the tract has been reserved from sale to Uie
«lty. • -
Now, here are dtatements of fact that,, if tnje,
, ought to' make us pause. Are^they true? No.
Th« Sather tra.pt consists of 250 acres instead
of 600. and the Realty Syndicate paid therefor
S2R5.000 or a little over $1000 per acr*. The
Hitxrnla Bank had previously loaned $175,000
upon the property. About 120 acres of this
SfeO-acre tract U included in the park Bite and
I ushesltatintrly commend the judgment of the
Council In electing this particular 120 acres
es a -Dortlon of the park site. j -. «
' Voters, eo and pee it, and I will guarantee
you will alsojndorse the Council. Tb.e fine
roads constructed tiy'the syndicate will enabl*
yoU'io go over it. Bet test is not alL . I have
an cCer from . the Realty Syndicate to let the
city have the remaining 160 acre« of the tract
at cost. -Th* i>art e«>l<?<H«l ie -the «uly— part
cf tbe Sather tract that has trees and roade
on it. These roads cost $-0,000, so I am told.
It Is the part, too. that has the fceautiful level
and partly wooded valley. Again, and prob
*bly of rnost lmportanc. It is, the > part where
there is the fine creek of living water now run
ring in this month of September. Where ehaJl
we get water if we do not have a creek?
Th* water is a larpe clement of value.
Tn«? talk about rugged steep canyons Is rot.
Go tr.i ft for. yours»elv*r. *. There is not one
of you -who win say those wooded ' side ; hllls
ehouU not be obtained tor .a. . park. "We don't
¦want the land to build c4' though there is
plenty for the purpoew, but we do want
be-autirul eatura.1 recrestiea grounds. Don't
be u&mpeded Against tbe park, but turn out
and vote for that which no modern, up-to
citf city can do without.
WARREN* OLTfET. Mayor.
Henry X. Pedersen Makes Poor Show
ing: in Defending Himself in
Divorce Suit.
OAKLAND. Sept. 19. — After her husband
bad vainly tried to defend himself In ¦ court,
Matilda Pedersen obtained a decree of di
vorce from Henry N. Pedersen to-day on tho
ground of his unfaithfulness. -, proved . by. a
marriage contract signed by himself and one
Mary Jnbnson while he was still a married
man. by admissions made to the plaintiff and
by photographs token of his inamorata while
wearing his clothes. Judge Ogden granted
Mrs. Pedersen the decree and awarded her
$20 a month alimony . and a homestead on a
small piece of property valued at $1200.'
A default Judgment wae taken against
Hulda C. Benedict, the woman who eloped
with the Rev. Charles Hoag, to-day Jn the
action for divorce began against her by W. N.'
Benedict. t " . • .
Because his wife thought more of a China
man than she did of him, John C. Sllvelra has
brought a suit for divorce against Mary Sil
veira. The Chinese is a cook and it is said
that they are keeping a restaurant together.
The Chinese proved his affection for her by
letting her cut off his queue. -"•¦
Edward II. -Van "Landingham has begun
oalt for divorce against Ima M. Van Landing
ham en the ground of deseVtion. I
Another Bond" Rally.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19. — John A. Brltton has
accepted the invitation of the bond campaign
committee to be on* of tha speakers at the
bond rally which, is to be held at Mora Park
to-morrow evenlm;. '• - ' ¦ " '< ¦¦'..¦' ... .
A bond meeting will be held to-morrow even-
Ing under the auspices of the Master Builders'
Association of Alameda County. Tha speak
ers are: Abe P. Leach, P. M. Fisher, Edwin
Stearns, Professor Henry C. Ingram and W.
E. Gibson.
The Alumni Association of the Polytechnic
High School will hold a bond rally! next Wed
nesday evening: at Reed Hall. Addresses will
be delivered by Mayor Warren Olney, Archie
i\ Borland, president of the AJunull Associa
tion, and P. M. Fisher, principal of the Poly*
technlc High School.
Demise of Fred B. Haleht.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 19. — Fred B.
Haight, a well-known resident of this
city and business man of San Fran
cisco and a nephew of the late Gov
ernor H. H. Haight, passed away yes
terday in a San Francisco sanitorium.
He was 43 years of age and is sur
vived by a widow and three children.
Death was caused by a brain tumor.
Knowland 'to Speak.
BERKELEY, Sept. 19.— A registration rally
and emoker <-wtll be < h«fd under- >the aaspice?
of the South Berkeley Republican Club to
morrow evening In Lorin Hall. Among the
speakers engaged to address the smokers are
J. R. Know-land, candidate for Congressman;
G. R. Lukens, candidate for tha State Senate,
and John Mitchell, candidate to succeed him
self as Supervisor.
Death of Pipe Organ Builder.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— The funeral of th«
late George N. Andrews, a pioneer pipe organ
manufacturer of this city, will bo held to
morrow morning from the family residence,
620 Sixteenth street. The Rev. Charles R.
Brown, pastor of the First Congregational
Church, will officiate. Andrews was 05 years
old. a native of Utica. N. T.'
Rev. HnghW. Fraser to Resign.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19. — The Rev. Hugh W.
Kraser,' pastor of ther Brooklyn .Presbyterian
Church, wHl resign his- present charge next
Thursday eyenJnK in order to assume charge
of 'the First Presbyterian Church of Van
couver, B. C. Mr. Fraser will present his
resignation to the trustees of the church next
Thursday and will leave for the north on Oc
tober 4.
Launch.^Panther Stolen.
OAKLAND, Sept. 19.— The naphtha launch
Panther, owned by Theodore Berlins; 870 East
Twelfth street, was . stolen from the foot of
Seventeenth avenue last night. The craft Is
•worth $800. The theft was reported to the
police.' . ' .
BENEFIT FOR HOSPITAL.— OAKLAND,
Brpt. 19. — "Confusion,"- a~ three-act fare* com
«5jy will ¦ be .presented at Diets. Opera-house
on the evening of October 4, for the benefit
of Providence Hospital. The entertainment
will be given under the auspices of th« Young
Ladles' Institute.
BURGI*AR STEALS WATCH.— OAKLAND.
6<Tt. 1». — A burglar stole a gold watch, pin
and ?JW fiwra Mrs: M. Jackson's residence, 975
Grove street, yesterday during her .- absence.
It was at first thought that he had
fainted, but ah examination proved
that life was extinct. The body was
removed to the family residence. The
deceased was 68 years of age and had
lived in Oakland for several years.
Besides, his wife he leaves ' two chil
dren, a daughter, Miss Merta V.
Agard, who lives at the family home
in this city, and a son, Arthur M.
Agard, who is a teacher at Anderson's
Academy in Irvington. The Coroner
was notified of Captain Agard's death.
Just as he was boarding the train
at the Sixteenth-street station at '. 7
o'clock this e.venlng on his way to the
World's Fair at St. Louis, Captain Jo
seph J. Agard, a well-known Insurance
adjuster of San Francisco, living at
1331 Filbert street in this city, was
stricken with heart disease. He sank
lifeless at the feet of his wife and
daughter, who were to have accom
panied him on his trip. Death came
without the slightest warning and was
entirely unexpected, as Captain Agard
had always been in apparently robust
health; '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 19.
Last year. the State Board of Equali
zation arbitrarily raised the assessment
of Alameda County to $138,000,000. 'This
year the assessment totals but $109,000,
000, a difference of nearly $20,000,000 less
this year than last. With the rate
raised as it is it Is said that Jess money
will be raised than last year, notwith
standing the natural increase attendant
upon the growth of the county.
County Superintendent" of Schools
Crawford won "a .partial victory before
the board in regard to the : levy for
school purposes. • ,-'
The following is the rate as finally
fixed by the board:* State tax, .635;
county general, .575; county infirmary.
.10; schools, .27; expositions, .01; total,
$149. For outside districts must be
added the road tax of .35, making a
total of $1 S4.
The Board of Supervisors to-day fixed
the tax levy within incorporated towns
at $149 on the $100,; and -$172 on' the
$100 in the outside districts.^ Last year
the inside rate was $1 37 and the out
side rate $1 84. The increase in the rate
is accounted for by the decrease in the
base upon which the rate is calculated.
Oakland Offlc8:San Francisco Call,
1016 Sept. 19.
In order to prevent traffic on the rail
way stories' arid "beams have been laid
on the rails. The traffic, however, con
tinued, though under difficulties.
The Labor Exchange has published a
violent bulletin imposing its will after
the manner of a committee of public
safety. All dispatches are submitted to
the Government censor.
The revolutionary movement is a
popular one, but an opposite feeling is,
however, beginning to make itself felt.
The crowd to-day on the Plaza del
Duomo cheered" the police when they
arrested several rioters and severely
misused individuals who ¦ attempted
their rescue. A cabman who had pre
viously protested against the strikers'
demands was literally beaten to death;
ROME, Sept. 19.— A meeting of work
ingmen was held to-night to protest
against • the intervention of troops.
Fully 10,000 persons participated, well
known anarchists taking part in the
proceedings. The chief speaker was the
revolutionary Socialist Deputy, Ferri,
who delivered a violent address. The
streets in the .vicinity of the meeting
w.ere occupied by. soldiers, including de
tachments of arttllery. An attempt was
made by, the demonstrators to Invade
the center" of the town, but the crowds
were dlspersed^by cavalry charges. In
which about twenty civilians, were,
wounded. Conflicts in which a number
of officers received injuries at the hands
of the mobs occurred In Turin and Bo
logna. 'The railway service is Inter
rupted, only- nort,h and south of Genoa.
The strike has extended to Palermo and
Leghorn.
MIIiAN.Bept.M:— The Labor Ex
change -" 'yesterday decided that' th*
Strike shotfld come to an end this morn
ing:,, but the anarchists objected, insist
ing.'.upon the strike continuing until
Wednesday and rejecting tha collective
rect^iest of the newspapers that they
might recommence publication. The
whole town Is absolutely in the power
of the mob. This morning shopkeepers
and store proprietors rebelled conjoint
ly and opened their placps of business.
This led to general disorders, as the
strike leaders insisted on their closing.
Large detachments of cavalry . and
mounted police patrol the streets and
disperse the strikers as soon as they
become unruly. All the theaters and
places of amusement are closed.
Things have gone so far that even
the hotel omnibuses have stopped.
Travelers going to the station are
obliged to get out. M. Gauthler. a well
known Frenchman of letters, who came
here accompanied by his wife to dis
cuss the publication of his work on
art, .has been obliged to go back to Lu
cerne, horrified at the abnormal state
of affairs In Italy.
Special;- ¦Cable to Th« Call '. and iK«w .York
Herald.. -.Copyright. 1804. ,byL th« New York
HermW' Publishing Company.
Does Not Believe That
the Voters Can Be Stam
peded at Last Moment
The Amount of Money to Be
Baised for . General Pur
poses Is Notv So Great
Man Prominent in San Fran
cisco Business World Dies
When Starting to St. Louis
L. F. Sherburne to Lillian A. Sherburna, lot
on N Un* of Huff avenua (East Twenty
soventh). 205.31 W of Central avenue, etc NW
50. N 100, E CO, B 100, Brooklyn Township;
Sift.
Enclcal Building and Loan Association to
William S. Taylor, lot on N lino of Santa
Clara avenue. 200 E of Eighth street, E 40 by
N 137:6, Alameda: $1O.
' John A. Sanborn (single) to Osgood Putnasn
(widewer), lot on SE corner of Ward street and
McGee avenue. E 120 by S 25, portion lot 5,
block 4. same map, Berkeley; $10.
Nellie M. and W. A. Jones (husband) t»
Kate M. Geggus (sins!?), lots 38 to 45. block 4,
Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;. $10.
• Alametla Qoqnty.
MONDAY. SEPT. !»•
, Leonl* and Wellington Orejr Jr. *• F. D.
and Cfcrrie L. O'Brlen (wife), lot •» * "»» •*
Seventh street. 25 JC.P* ChestMt.:B » <* »
00. block 4S8, Oakland: $10. ¦ . . _,
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron J*****™*^
Hadley. lot on SE Un« of How» .tttjet. 1W SW
of Amethyst. SW 00 by SB 125. -J ot *3£*5
and portion of S3 and 30.- block 'B... Thermal
Hill, -formerly- How. tract Oakland^- £10.
H. U Hoicomb (slnjrle) to IsabeUalV HW
.ley,. lot on NW.llne of Piedmont avroa^ 2a
KEof Moss avenue. XE 35 by NW 125, por
tion of lots 8 and 9. block A, sama map* Oak-
and Jo*eph Llnjrenfelsor to Q. PeU
deau and Isabella Beaudry. lot 5. block map
property of I* M. Beaudry and O. Peladeau,
Oakland; $10. _^^
Mountain View Cemetery to Georcs Tn&aoa*
lot in cemetery Oakland Township; JlOtt.
Hel«n Harmon and Lewis C. and Charles R.
Harmon (executors of the estate, of Edward D.
Harmon) to Nellie Drake, all interest In lot on
W lm« of Klngr street, 451 N of WoolaeSi N
45. W 120. S 45.68, E 120. being 3 portlqp of
lot 14. lands of Regent-street Homestead As
¦oclatlon. Berkeley; $700. ¦
Niels Nielsen to Anna Katrlna Nielsen
(wife), lot 10, Gardiner tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift. *" „
Fred H. Brown Calnffle) to Charles Aehwell
(single) lot on SE corner of Putnam street
and Fremont avenue. E 123 by S 41, being
portion of lot 1. block 15, map of subdivision
of NE portion of Sataer tract. Brooklyn Town
«nlp: $10
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Josephln»
Harris (wife of Edward J.). lot 40. map or
Gallndo tract, Brooklyn Township.
Rosemary Boveroux (by £>amel A. Ryan,
attorney) and Rosa S. Barron to Geors* II.
Hahn, lot on N line of Railroad avenue or Sev
enth street. 60 N of center line of Railroad
property and 250 E from NB corner of Lnlon
and Seventh streets, etc.. N 126/J by E 100.
Oakland; $10.
Anton and Theresa B. Hasaler to J. A. ana
Lulu A. Anderson, lot on W line of Peraita
street, 154 S of Sixteenth, S 25 by "W 110. lot
3. block 727A. map of resubdlvislon of block
740 and portions of blocks 839. 727 and <28.
Oakland; $20.
Retta A. and Charles B. Reed (husband> to
Mary A. Daggett (wife of Samuel W.), lot oa
N line of Forty-second street. 290 E of Linden.
N 100 by E 6O, lot 26, block 2094. Alden Tract
at Temescal. Oakland; $10.
Emila C. and C. Gustafsoa (husband) to
Daniel "W. Cronln. lot on S Una of Thirty-flrs:
street. 1«5 E of Market street, B 80 by 3 140.
lot 17, block 2033, Rowland Tract. Oakland;
?10.
Reafty Syndicate to Oeorg» E. Pratt, lot 4.
map of H. C. Dohr's Homestead. Emeryville*
Oakland Township, except portion of said
lot conveyed to- Oakland and East Slda Rail
road Company. 030 L>. iO, Oakland Township;
also lot on SE corner of San Pablo and Wal
lace avenues (Forty-fifth street). E 175 . by
S 75. lot 5 and and N Vt of lot i. map of
Cogceshall Tract. . E of San Pablo avenue.
Oakland Township; also lot on N lin« of
Fortieth street. 15O E of Grove, E' 32 by N 110.
lot 9. map of resubdlvlsion of Montgomery
Tract, Oakland: also lot on NW line -of For
tieth street or Every avenue and Linden street,
N 200 by W 112.27, excepting portion to San
Francisco and Sar. Jose Railway, 014 D. 314
(310), Oakland; als*> lot on SW corner of Lusk
street and Rose Garlan.l way (Evoy avenue).
S 12O by W 141. lots IS to 20. map of Whit 3
House plat. Oakland; also lot on SW line of
Fortieth anJ Market streets, W 103.70 by S
150>. lota 3 to 5. nap of estate of John Evoy
In plat 3S. Oakland ; 4.977 acres beginning on
S line of Fortieth street. 2SO. 80 E of- Telegraph
avenue. E 720.70. SW 171.50. W 803. N 25tf.7l\
E 140.30. N" 103.60 to beginning. Oakland: $10.
Charles Koellinff (widower) to - Theyphile
Marcoux, lots 140 to 143. 157 and 158. In sub
division 27, 'map subdlvTston Peralta Park anrl
map resubdivision Peralta Park. . Oakland
Township; $10.
Hy. ' W. or Henry W. and Margaret M.
Taylor (wife) to Anna E. Babinson (widow),
lot o,n NW corner Berkeley way and Henry
street, W 45 by N 8G.6S«, block 2, map survey
184& for J. L. Clapp. subdivision portion plot
79. Ivellersbereer's «urv«y, Berkeley: $10.
Jerome C. and Altnefa A. Fort to Joseph
J. Mascn, lot on S line of Webster street.
232. S2. W of Claremont avenue. S 237 by W
154, portion plot 75, Kenersbenrer'a nap, Ro.
V. and D., Peralta. Berkeley; $100. *
Samuel U. Davis (single) to Ivan B, Ras
kin, lot on E line of Wheeler ttreet. S00 N
of Ashby avenue. X 50 by E 125, lot T block
A, Suburban Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Luna P. antl Hansford B. Griffith to Ross
L. Imrbrow, lot on >» line of Derby street,
114.44 W of Benvenue avenue. N 100 by W
45, portion lots 43 to 43, block O, I Hlllegass
property,- resubdlvlsion blocks O and H, Berke
ley; $10. ! .
J. Mitchell (or J. M. Browne), (by John X.
Bishop. Sheriff) to John A. Sanborn.-.tot on SH
corner of Ward street and McG«« avenua, E 120
by S 135, lot 5. block 4. Stats University Home
stead Association No. 3, Berkeley; $133.
REAJj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Prisoner Is Identified as
- a Berkeley Watchman Who
'Was Once Before in Jail
CAN GET PARK AT COST
FALLS AT WIFE'S FEET
SCHOOLS TO* GET; MORE
Eevpluf ionary Movement Is
Pppular, biit Opposite Feel
ingils ilatihg: Itself Felt
BUSINESS IS -STOPPED
VISITS FOUB HOUSES
Warren Olney Issues an
Official Statement on
the Question of Bonds
Owing to the Assessment
Being Less This Year
the Levy^ Is f Increased
Joseph J. Agard, Insurance
Broker, Stricken by Heart
Disease on Eve of Visit
Labor ExcHange Would End
Strike, but Anarchists In
sist Upon a Continuance
petictiTe-'Kyte Arrests a
| Prowler ; After j
: Suspect Try to Break , In
MAYOR TALKS
ABOOT KNOCKS
SEES BURGLAR
AT HIS WORK
DEATH INSTEAD
OF FAIR TRIP
BOARD FIXES
THE TAX RATE
MOB CONTROLS
CITY OF MILAN
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 190*.
McCARTHY COMES
OUT IN SUPPORT
OF ROOSEVELT
4
apvejttisemexts.
Why is Pears' Soap— the
best in the world, the soap
with no free alkali in it —
sold for 15 cents a cake?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request, :
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
• free alkali in it, nothing-
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-
tity comes of quality. :
Sold all over the world.
AN ARTISTICJOUGH
On your shirt front, collars and. cuffs in
their laundering adds to their appear-
ance when worn. We claim just that —
the doing of laundry, work artistically,'
especially on linens. - If you have not
been aware of it,' let us have your name,
end address and we'll call for and de-
lrrer a sample order. 'Phone connection,.
South 420. .-"."., ,:^ j,^^ --.CVo,
{TOTTED ;ST/TES LAUNDBY,i
1004 XABXZT 8TKEZr*L'
t7elepkone South 420.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I" CELEBRATED
As* a making tonjc and
monthly- regulator the Bitters will
be found 'uncqualed. That's why so
many women use it to 'the exclusion
of all; other remedies. It never fails
in cases of Sick Headache, Cramps,
Bloating, Fainting : Spells; " Backache
«nd Indigestion. Try a bottle. ,'
OAKLAND:
1016 Broadway.'
Telephone 3iaJa los*
BERKELEY.
2148 Center! Street
Telephone North 77.
AliAMEDA-"?
14S5 Park Street.
Telepbono.-'Alameda o59.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
**in -1 arm. ' n^=r i I II »
MODERiN METHODS"
knoVledge'of 511 theoretlcal »* wristtcal
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much abovn
the average. Nothing is done on chance
Each operation is successful', because
carefully considered and skillfully car
ried out. *
TEETH
Made by us will last for many years.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
S TATTLOB ST., SAW KlAHCTSCO
. 973 Washington au Oakland.
Ban Joss. - - '•'- Sacramiito.
'[CARTEriSl 0 ™ SKK JHEAPACKBL
l?i\Tc E D r^ 1 ! 19 MU^ Bear
I Dnif Facsimile SignatoryLIABILITY LIMITED.— United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yeiterday granted the
prayer of the California Navigation and Im
provement Conrpany for limitation of liability
in the snits growing out of tbe collision of
the steamer Mary Garrett and the Dauntless
on August 21. 1901. on the Sas Joaquin River,
in which the Dauntless was sunk. The dam
ages claimed amount to S101.23O. The Garrett
has been appraised at $33,150. The matter
has been referred to George E. Morse, clerk
of the court, to take testimony.
PIETT LOSES HIS WATCH.— Charles Piett
complained "-¦ to Policeman O'Brien - early yes
terday nicrnlng that C.L.: Davis had stolen hia
watch while they were In the Union' bar at 110
Turk . street. .\OBrien arrested * Davis and on
searching ; him found the stolen . watch In th«
leg of his trousers. . Davis was ' booked ; at - the
City Prison un a- charge of? grand, larceny. ;
Sister Sits on Hiding Place While Po
lice Search House, but 3Ian Is <
Discovered and Surrender?..,
CHICAGO, Sept. 10. — Hidden In a trunk and
almost suffocated. Calvin Linden, colored,' who
•hot and killed Charles - Meyers, a clerk, and
wounded three other men Saturday night at
State and Thirty-ninth streets, has been cap
tured at the home of his sister, Mrs. Anna
Foster of Blue Island. The woman guarded
' the trunk by sitting en it while ' the ; police
ararched the bouse, p.nd Ldndcn betrayed : his
'presence by. raising the lid for air as toon as
his sister ro*j. and when th« pollce^wcre about
to lea\e after an apparently fruitless search.
Linden submitted meekly, to arrest • and de
clared he had killed Meyers in self-defense.
| CHICAGO NEGRO MURDERER
| FOUND HIDDEN -IX TRUNK
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Sent. 1». — At Pratt
vllle." Just across the Alabama River, a ."Before
Day" Club, composed of negroes, has been or
ganized. - The first -Indication r of . its « existence
was the stopping of a white planier on, a road
by a party of armed negroes. He was notified
to move : on and not to stop again. -There is
great excitement. •
The body of William Boyd. * a young white
man. ..was found under, a brd in a burning
house of -anegress. The body was mutilated
by. knife and cunehot wouaas.
Heavily Armed, the Blacks Hold Up a
PrattTllIe'-Whlte Planter and Order
* Him to Leave Country.
ALABAMA NEGROES FORM
A'"BEFORE DAY" CLUB
Miss Davis had never received the legacy, on
account of proceedings declaring her mentally
incompetent having been had before County
Judge Rockwood. who appointed George K.
West of this city a committee on the estate.
An appeal from that order, which was pending
hearing at the present sitting of the appellate
division at Saratoga, now falls, and the mat
ter will come Intestate before Surrogate Lester.
The heirs to the estate are remote relatives
living In New York, Westchester and Monroe
counties of this State, who were appellants
from the order.
dollars from th» estate of her brother, Samuel
Davis of San Francisco, died to-day, aged 6<>
years.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— Navy orders:
Lieutenant J. T. Bowers to Naval Academy,
Annapolis, Md.
Lieutenant H. C. Poundatone. detached from
New York navy yard for treatment at Hot
Springs, Ark.
Lieutenant J. K. Robinson, detached from
Naval Hospital, New York, to go home for
two months.
Postmasters appointed: Georze W. Kenne
dy. Colegrove Los Angeles County. Cal.
The following chances have been made in
the" officer* in the first National • Bank of
Calistoga. Cal.: Harry H. Brown, president;
William S. P«w, vice president; E. L. Arm
strong, assistant ca«hier. The American Na
tional Bark of San Francisco: Gecrge N.
O'Brien, cashier, in place of J. U; Calkins; no
assistant cashier in place of O'Brien.
Arrivals: Mrs. Sarah Kppsteln, 'Mis3 F. R.
Eppstein. from Ssan Francisco, at the New
Wl'lanl: Walter H." Fisher and wife. Los An
peles^ Charles W Waltz and wife. San Fran
cisco, *»t the Raleigh: W. S. Wood. San Fran
.•isco. at the . National; H. L. Olsen. Oscar
Olsen. at the St. James; A. W. Bryant and
family. A. J. Lowenberg. Mis? G. Lowenberg.
San Francisco, at the Arlington; . F.'.W.
Schultz and wife, G. H. Schultz and wife,
Mrs. K. F. Henshaw, Oakland, at- th« Ar
lington. :.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Nnvy Orders — Chances of Officers Re
ported in National Banks at Calis
tosra and in This City.
The injured were brought to ttis city
and will be cared fcr here. The last
two care of the train were occupied by
the St. John's Commandery. Knights
Templar, No. 11. and Calvary Com
mandery. Knights Templar, No. 13.
both of Providence. R. I. The members
were returning from the San Francisco
conclave. :.:r~'U~ v.,»-^r >
The Injured: Fred S. Coburn, Woon
*ocket, R. I., badly cut about the head;
George E. Paddock, Woonsocket, R. L,
overcome by gas and legs bruised; A.
Johnson. Providence. R. L, cut about
neck and head and may prove fatal;
George Engle, colored. Pullman porter,
crushed about chest: Mrs. H- W.
Price, bruised seriously. r -r :
JUNCTION CITY. Kans.. Sept. W.—
The Pullman section of the eastbound
Atlantic express on the Union Pacific
eras wrecked six miles west of here
shcrrtly after 1 o'clock this afternoon
by the rails spreading. The train was
traveling about f'jrty miles an hour.
Three Pullman cars left tn"e track and
the one In the rear of the train rolled
down a fifteen-foot embankment, turn
ing over three times. There were
thirty-two persons in this car. Six of
them were seriously injured and the
rest received slight but painful in-,
juries.
The funeral of ¦William Costello -will
take place at S o'clock to-morrow
morning- from his late residence, 923
'Grove street. The place of interment
will ' be Holy Cross Cemetery. Mr.
Costello was' made president of O'Con
nor, Moffatt & Co. upon the death" of
his sister, Mrs. -Bryan O'Connor, in
IS 90 and remained at the head of the
firm until his death. He leaves a wife
and four children — Richard W. Cos
tello, vice president, and Joseph V.
Costello, secretary of O'Connor, Moffatt
& Co.; . Francis Costello and Alice
Costello. There will be a mass for the
repose of the soul of the deceased in
Sacred Heart Church, Fillmore and
Fell streets, at 8:30 o'clock Wednes
day morning.
Will Be Buried To-3Iorrow.
Kails Spread Xear Junction
City, Kansas, and Six Pas
sengers Are Badly Hurt
Paint Catches Fire in Pipe
line and a Mechanic at
Work Is Horribly Burned
WILL HEAR CHARGES.— The charges
brought by the Cigas.-Makers' . Union against
Police Commissioner J. A. Drlnkhouse will be
beard next Thursday , morning at 10' o'clock,
wben all the witnesses- will , be present to give
their version' cf the affair." ' *
BALLSTON. N. Y-. Sept. 19.— Miss Jessie
Davis, . an aged resident of Galway, this county,
who recentfr Inherited a fortune of a million
Aged Beneficiary of Samuel Davis of
This City Dies Without Receiving
Fortune Left by Brother.
$1, 000,000* ESTATE WILL
GO TO REMOTE HEIRS
Vi'e have lots of new^things in picture
frames and hundreds of new patterns In
frame moldings recently selected at the
Eastern factories, which we will be glad
to show to any one interested in the
beautiful patterns brought out this fall.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market at. •
Picture Frames.
Sacta Cruz, with its great bathing estab
lishment and host of other attractions, will
offer a warm welcome to all visitors on Satur
day and Sunday, September 24 and 25. There
will be military band concerts en Saturday
and Sunday afternoons and evenings, with a
grand display of fireworks, and there will be
a grand ball at the great casino Saturday night
and bonfires on the beach Sunday night. Odd
Fellows and other visitors can go to Santa
Cruz on the Saturday to Monday round trip
excursion dekeu eold by the Southern Pa
cific and which may be had at Third and
Townsend streets depot or 613 Market st. •
Saturday to Monday Excursion Tick
ets Sold by Southern Pacific
/ ¦ for $3 00.
ODD FELLOWS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Stafford came here from Butte, and
was 24 years of age.. His relatives
resided at Montana, and the body will
be shipped to that State.
RENO. Sept. 19. — John Stafford
di?d to-day as the result of burns
he received while penned in a huge
pipe on a line being constructed by
the Standard company near Bodie,
over the Nevada line. .
Stafford was. engaged in painting
the interior of the pipe when the
paint caught fire, and before he could
be rescued was frightfully burned. It
was necessary to burst the pipe to
extricate him. He died soon after,
ward. • • ' . -_"-m'Vs.J-«' ¦
Si*cial Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Sert. 10.— Senator Gorman Is
here to assume the duties of adviser to the
Democratic National Committee. The Senator
will have apartments at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel and will fpend rnuch of hta time there,
although it In quite likely that he will share
an office at the Democratic headquarters. He
probably will remain in tbe city steadily until
the clcse cf the campaign and will be more
active on the work cf the committee than he
has been heretofore.- .--WV
Senator Practically Takes Charge of
the Democratic Campaign.
GORMAN AS ADVISER.
UNION PACIFIC
TRAIN WRECKED
MEETS DEATH
IN AWFUL WAY
John.W. Grace was 69 years old at
the time of his death, having been born
in 1S35. Death followed a surgical op
eration. Flags were half-masted all
over the commercial prat of the city
yesterday in respect to his memory.
Valparaiso. Five sons are engaged in
professional studies or professional
pursuits. The two daughters are Mrs.
Benjamin Franklin, wife of an officer
in the United States navy, and Mrs. H.
S. Kerr, wife of a New York broker.
The nitrate operations of the Graces
in South America have been on a large
scale. Their commercial dealings have
been also very large. To John W.
Grace is attributed the credit of the in
troduction of goods of American manu
facture into South America in large
competition with the German and Eng
lish business houses. The largest Indi
vidual business in South America is
that— of the Graces. There are houses
of the, firm 1 at Valparaiso, Santiago,
Conception. Lima and Callao, in South
America, New York and San Francisco
In the United States and also at Lon
don.
. MEN PROMINENT IN MERCAN
TILE CIRCLES WHO HAVE BEEX
CALLED BY DEATH.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 19. — The Democrats of
Santa Clara County met to-day at Turn Verein
Hall and nominated a full legislative ticket,
two Superior Judges and three Supervisors.
It wai a good-natured convention cf over 2OO
delesates. and, aside from the nomination of
Senator in the Twenty-seventh District, the
nominations were nearly all unanimous.
Th» nomination of a Senator In the Twenty
ecventh Senatorial District brought out two
candidates — H. A. Gabriel of San Jose and
W. H. Trantham of Los Gatos. Trantham.
was nominated. J. W. Trousdell of Kast San
Jose wju> unanimously nominated for Assem
blyman in the Fifty-sixth District. .
Geor;e W. Waldorf of San Jose tea* nom
inated for Assemblyman in the Fifty-sixth
District. In the Fifty-seventh Assembly Dis
trict Alfred Seale of Mayneld and A. 'H.
Eddy of .-'an Jose cnotested for the nomina
tion and Seale was chosen as the nominee.
The two nominations' for Superior Judge
were unanimously made. David M. Burnett
vu nominated fcr the short term and Nich
olas Bowd?n for the lone term.
Ticket.
Assemble at San Jose and Name Full
SANTA CLARA DEMOCRATS.
John W. Grace leaves a widow and
seven sons and two daughters. John W.
Grace Jr. is with the Grace house at
In the early '90's the merchants o*
San Francisco, provoked at the exac
tions of the transcontinental railways
in the matter of freight rates, started
out to move goods in their own be
half and in vessels under their own
control. They apked Grace & Co. to
put on a competing line of clipper
ships around Cape Horn. The deal
was made. Three years the Graces,
as agents of the San Francisco mer
chants, kept their competing clipper
ship line going.
Mr. Grace conducted the business of
J. W. Grace & Co. in this city until
1879. Then he founded the house of
Grace Bros. & Co. at Lima, Peru. In
1887 he went'to New York and took a
principal part in the business of the
Graces there. Ten years later he went
to England to live, relinquishing active
management in the Grace houses.
• In 1895 a consolidation of the Grace
Interests took place. The name of W.
R. Grace & Co. was adopted for all. By
this name they are now known. W. R.
Grace, a brother of J. W. Grace, was a
Mayor of New York City. Morgan
Grace of New Zealand was another
brother. Michael Grace is a financier of
prominence In London.
In 1871 Mr. Grace came to San
Francisco. He was a native of Clon
mel. County Kildare, Ireland. Not
bred a business man. he nevertheless
had strong business instincts in com
mon with other members of a gifted
family. In Ireland he was a farmer.
In his next place of residence, San
Francisco, he was he head of a large
commercial house, which ran clipper
ships between New York .and San
Francisco.
John W. Grace, formerly of San
Francisco, the founder of J. W. Grace
& Co., now known as W. R. Grace
& Co., died yesterday at his country
home at Leybourne Grange, Kent,
England. He was a great merchant
who Influenced the commercial life of
two continents. He was a genial gen
tleman, with a reoutation for personal
probity and amiability. A hale lover
of outdoor sports, -he followed the
hounds at fox hunts until a very short
time before his death. When he was
unable to mount a horse and # take
fences and ditches his fondness for
sport still induced him to have a cart,
in which he could .speed after flying
Reynard. His name was known and
his business operations were familiar
to" all the commercial ports on the
west coast of both North America and
South America and to all merchants
from Canada to .-the southernmost ha
ven in South America.
Tuesday will be given up to meetings at
Palo Alto. San Joee, Uvermore. Stockton and
Sacramento, the last named being the scene
of the night meeting.
On Wednesday, the 5th. there will be
Fl>eeches in Truckee, Carson and Reno, Nev..
the last mentioned at night.
After a brief stop for a night meeting at
Elko there will be a jump to Ogden. Utah,
where there will be a meeting on Thursday
evening. Beginning at Ogden that night.' the
jiarty will visit Salt Lake City. Brlgham and
Farminrton. all in Utah, on Friday, the 7th.
concluding the day with a night meeting at
Evanston* Wyo., the home of United States
Senatcr Clark of that State. Saturday, the
Stb. will be spent on the Union Pacinc in
Wyoaning,\ the night meeting being at Chey
enne.
CHICAGO. S*pt. 19. — The Itinerary for Sen
ator Fairbanks' tour of the Pacific Coast has
been completed except for the last day or
two of it. It covers eighteen or nineteen days
and will take him to the State of Washins
tyn over the Northern Pacific route and brins
him back to Chicago over the Union Pacific
and connecting lines. He wilt be accompanied
by Senator Dolliver of Iowa and other speak
ci9 will join the party from time to time.
They will occupy a special train.
The first- stop in Washington will be at
.-';jkdne and at that point a meeting will bs
held on the night of the ISHh inst. With
teveral i-topa between, Tacoma will be reached
:or Friday night. Seattle and othtr points
will be covered during Saturday and on Sat
urday night the only speeches by the party
in Orti-jn will be made at Portland.
Sunday, October U, will be spent in Port
land and the Monday and Tuesday following
in Northern Calliornia. Beginning at Red
ding, the party will atop on Monday at that
loiut and at I led Bluff and Marysville, con
cludirr the day with a night meeting In San
Francisco.
Programme for the Nominee's Cam
paign Tour in the West.
FAIRBANKS' ITINERARY.
BOSTON, Sept. 19.— Robert Treat
Paine Jr., the famous Democratic lead
er, twice Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Massachusetts, has bolted his
party and will vote for Mr. Roosevelt.
Paine was a candidate for Governor in
the silver Bryan days and polled the
largest Democratic vote since Russell.
He is known outside the State and his
declaration will have great influence.
"I am going to vote for Mr. Roose
velt," said Paine. "I am Democratic
enough still to feel that I want the
President of this country to be demo
cratic enough to meet any man whose
character deserves it at any function.
I have myself dined with Booker.Wash
ington, and would consider it a privi
lege again to do so. If elected President
would Mr. Parker bar out Booker
Washington? Would he discriminate
against him because of race or color?
Would he have a jim crow pantry be
hind the house, so Booker Washington
might be shunted off?"
George Fred Williams, the Hearst
leader, says Paine's action will be a
recommendation to him in the future,
inasmuch as the leading factors in
Democratic leadership to-day are the
men who were voting for McKinley in
1696.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Twice the Democratic Nomi
iiiee for Governor and Pop
ular With' the' Hasses
STKONG IX- HIS '¦ STATE
Kobert Treat Paine Jr. of
Massachusetts Will Vote
for Theodore Roosevelt
PARTY LEADER
BOLTS PARKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. 1904.
Former Leader in San Francisco Business World
and Founder of Great South American Houses
Passes Away—Funeral of Late William Costello
JOHN W. GRACE, MERCHANT, DIES
AT COUNTRY HOME IN ENGLAND
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A3rCSE3IEXTS.
bULUifllSlA LEADISB IHi'.Hr
Nightly at 8 O'clock, Sunday Included.
Saturday Matinees only at 2:15.
Hamlin k. Mitchell's Irreproachable Extrava-
¦ .' -. i ar.za.
WIZARD
I Ur vjJu
Success from Atlantic to Pacific
CA7 ABZiS COMPART. M0STX.Y OIXX.3.
¦
A T r* h T A "O Belaaco k. Mayer.
ALCAZAR 2S35E
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— AH. WEEK.
Matinees Thuwday and Saturday.
Err- 25o to 75c Mats. Thars. A Sat.. 25c to SOc.
lA/HI'F*^ P"™ THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In the Great Romantic Drama.
MonbarS
As Played by Robert Mantel!.
i Elaborate Production— Fine Cast.
' MONDAY. SEPT. 26— MR. WHITTLESET in
"SOLJJIEKS OF FORTUNE."
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street^>'ear Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time In San Francisco of - -
Theodore Kremer"« Powerful Sensational
Drama. '^^^^^^^
I FALLEN BY
[THE WAYSIDE
Depicting- tbe Terrible Evils of Drink.
A Mammoth Scenic Production.
DnirCC Evenings 10c to SOc
rKlCtj Matinees 10c, 15c. 23c
--;<•¦..¦ Next— THE DANITES. N .
H. W. BISHOP. Le?see and Manager.
TONIGHT! xifwi TO-NIGHT!
Oliver Morc-ico's Majestic Theater Company
' in a 'Splendid Production of \
| THE ALTAR OF |
iFRIENbSHlPi
MATINEES- THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
NEXT SUNDAY "CAPTAIN BARRINGTON. 1 *
| r+n a iuri opera I
\\KjKJ\V%D house
;!; LAST 5 NIGHTS-^MAT. SATURDAY.
tPRINCESS
I FAN TAN
',)', FXXOSS ..16c, 35c. SOc 51;
i| NEXT SUNDAY. MATINEE |
ii; Opening of Combination Ssasoa ii;
If YORK STATE FOLKS §
% SEATS BEABT TO-1C0SBOW. ft
PalarA DON'T FAILTO
r a la we gee thB 1^^^^
j COURT Lounging
5lf1fl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r> j PALM ROOM, tba
111*3 fid LOUIS XV PAR.
\ii uuu LOR^ Md the jj^-
f-Vi^iklm''- DIES' WRITING
Hotels * oom -
GOTLERY
EVERV:BLADEWRRANTED
NEWBR.O'S HERPICIDE
The ORIO1 VAL remedy th«t "kill* th« Dandruff Ocrra." »
GOING*!! GONE !!!
ntncK ni urc rr. . cancse tu sate it. too un rci iwrcml
THB LA."DtESOTiJ£CT reflected fai flic enoraous sal* of Ncwbra's Herpi-
to a sweaty uA *Ucky fctlr dienlnr. or om that cli«. Ladies tecoite »ntbn*Uutlcever its refresh.
I j fuU of tr ii m totx ty chfc:ic*.!s . Intended to dy« ir.g <ju«IJty aad exquisite tin ertne*. It destroys
the hair. Tbe etrttrt prcfrrence for a dainty the mlcroWc r.">«th »a the »c«lp. cor** dandruff,
dresstftfc parflCBtarly one Out overcomes exce**- stops (alllnr tuilr and rfves It a silken (loss.
tre cHtloess and reaves the hair 1I C M aai fluffy. Is STOPS ITCHING INStAHTLY. .
Oru »Hm. VJBk tad 10c :t»M. H HEHflCIOE CO, Bepl E. Btirrt FScI^ for'i ftnpt
APPUCATIOgB f AT PKOKXJTXgT BAKBEE SKOPg. ¦ ¦
Could you tell It from the
genuine?. Experts have failed.
The Sapph-Diamond has all the
beauty, of the - real, and electric .
lights are unnecessary and never
used. Guaranteed to retain its
wonderful luster. Can be pro-
cured . only from world's - great-
est diamond . Imitator. J. C. Da-
vidson (Exclusive Western Pal-
ace). 124 Kearny St., S. F. Cat-
_^ ADVERTISEMEyi'S. Z£
y Mrs. Weisslitz, president of the Ger-ffl
man Womans* Club of Buffalo, N. Y., after
doctoring for two years, was finally cured
of her kidney trouble by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
Of all the diseases known rrith which the female organism is aflBicted,
kidney disease is the most fatal. la fact, unless prompt and correct treatment
is applied, the vrearv patient seldom surriTes.
Bcinp fally atraVe of this. Mrs. Pinkham. early in her career, gave .careful
rtudy to tbe subject, and in producing her preat remedy for woman's ills —
Lydia E. PiTikliain*s Vegetable Corupouiid — made sure that it con-
tained the correct combination of herbs which was certsin to control -that
dreaded disease, woman's kidney troubles. The Vegetable Compound acts
in harmony with the laws that povern the entire female system, and while
there are isinv so called remedies for kidney troubles. Lydia E. Pink-
hanTs Vegetable Compound is the only one especially prepared
for wonicu.
Read What Mrs. Weisslitz Says.
"Dear Mrs. PrsKHAii:— For two years my life was simply a bur-
den, I suffered so •with female troubles, and pains across my back and
loins. • The doctor told me that I had kidney troubles and prescribed
for me. For three months I took his medicines, but grew steadily
worse. My husband then advised me to try Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, and brought home a bottle. It is the greatest
blessing ever brought to our home. Within three months I was a
changed vomanJ My pain had disappeared, my compjexion became
clear, my eyes bright/and my entire system in good shape." — Mbs. Paula
Weisslitz^ 176 Seneca St., Buffalo, X. Y.
Prwf that Kidney TronWe can be Cored by Lydia E. Pinlham*s Yegetsble C«mp«md.
t Dear Mrs. Pinkhasi:— I feel very thankful to you for the good
your medicine has done me. I had doctored for years and was steadily
growing worse. I had trouble with my kidneys, and two doctors told
me I had Bri^ht's disease : also had falling of the womb, and could not
walk a block at a time. My back and head ached all the time, and I was
go nervous I could not sleep ; had hysteria and fainting spells, was tired
all the time, had such a pain in my left side that I could hardly stand
at times without putting my foot on something. . : i:
? I doctored with several good doctors, but they did not help me any.
I took, in all, twelve bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, five boxes of Liver Pills, and used three packages of Sanative
Wash, and feel like a new woman, can eat and sleep well, do all my own
work, and can walk two miles without feeling over tired. The doctors
tell me that my kidneys are all right now. I am so happy to be well,
and I feel that I owe it all to your medicine." — Mks. OrAL Strong,
Dalton, Mass.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick women to Trrite her for advice.
She has guided thousands to health. Address Lynn, Mass.
ApAAA en R FE!T if v « cumot forthwith prodace the original letters and slgBatareiof
V n 1 1 1 1 » I &boTe te»U2M»lals, which will prore their Absolute pennineiieg*.
VvUUU Ljdd*. E. Plakham Mediclae Cow, I.TBA, ¥lM
' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ "• ; ¦¦• " ¦ ¦ ¦ -
[II For Infants and Children.
K^^^fl| The Kind You Have
Always Bought
| ANegefablc Preparalionfor As- ||j *^
UngiheStomacisandBowSaor ||£J B63XS tll8 J t
— m Signature /W
Promotes Digestion.Cheerful- gj fl »/ ijy
ness and Rest.Contains neither 5 n r ft<J\%w
Opium.Horphine nor>Iineral. 3 01 •'#|\ \l#
Ivot Narcotic. b AViVr*
toasL**. \ I (\ lip ¦»
1 fit X flop
Aperfecl Remedy forConstipa- j | \l \¥ UOU
Tion.SourStomach.Diantoea « I *4f^'"« v
Worms ,Com"ulsioi\s .Feverish- 1 £r^ CftM Hirnft*
ness and Loss of Sleep. \^ \j* lOl UVui
TacSinnlc Signature oF IKT
Thirty Years
• TMC CCMTAUn COM^APIT^ Nttf VOWK CITT*
AMUSEMENTS.
Gf^lllH|HOI]S[
ANOTHER cBILLIAnT SUCCESS
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
Herbert & Smith's Delightful Coaile Opers
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SAME PRICES 25c, 50c, 75c
VAUDEVILLE NOTABLES
speciax XATzanss fbxdat. oss
PILLOWS' DAY.
Mr. ma& J4rs. Howard TruesdeU; Marvel-
on s Melrose Troupe; T. Trovolo; Law-
son and XTamon; Mrs. Snider-Johnson:
The Harry La Bose Company; Xooney
and Bent; Leo Carrlllo; A.1 Shean, and
Orpheom Motion Pictures, Snowtnjr
"Personal." the.Oreat Comedy Success.
Regular Matinees Every •Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. C3c and 50c.
,-GALIFORNIA-^
T ARE WELI. W££Z.
MR. FREDERICK EELASCO Presents .
._•••- the Popular Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Her Two - Great Masterpieces.
ZAZA
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Matinee TO-MORROW.
TESS OF THS DTJOiaESVlLLES
Thursday Night. Friday Night. Satur-
day Night. Saturday Matinees.
Next Sunday— RALPH STUART, la
BY BXQHT OT SWOBS
SEATS NOW SELLING.
L ¦ ; J
AND AGAIN A HIT. - ' ".
- Instantaneous Success of ;
MISS IZDMA
J. C. Crawford's Strictly Original Burlsaqos,
A Ludicrously Funay Play With a Plat.
SPARKLING irUSIC.
Captivating Dar.ces.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERT.
Oar Cnrivaled Cast of Highest Salaried Bo*
lesque Artists.
MATINKE3 SATURDAYS AND ST^CDATl.
Ever Popular Prices.
NEXT BCRLeSQUE— "DOWN THB LIXX.~
Alhambra_Theater
Brtlllant Opening of the Season.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
(WEDNESDAY. SEPT. 21)
and Next Saturday Afternoon.
8 OXaSD O7SXATXO COVC2XT8.
ifRANGISCA
PRIMA DONNA SOPRANO of tie OPERA
ROYAL. Amsterdam.
The Greatest .Songstress California Has Ys«
Sent Into Fame.
MELVILLE ELLIS st the Plane
• LOCI3 NEWBACER. Flutist.
Seats (2 to 73c at Sherman. Clay tCtt.ii
DAISY HARCOURT
And iSplaiM.ns* Sr«ry AfUraooa
* and Srsntnr in tae Taeater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MOTATUBE .BLECTBIC JMTT.BO*1>
THP.EE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
!>-<=PECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear th» Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
\M\TEVR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION.. H* 1 CHILDREN.....^..5*
When Paoninr Ask far "T«e Chutes." |
fiiSSoo WaarDairymen, look to your pumps ; the new milk ordinance has
gone into effect .
Townsond's California Glace fruits ta
artistic fire-etched boxea. 715 Market st."
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ton
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23d Cal*
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Subterfuge.
Mrs. Wise^— This new girl Mrs.
Housekeep's got must be a jewel.
Mrs. Newcomb — Why, she com
plains about this one more than any
of the others.
Mrs. Wise— Of course, she r wants
the rest of us to think the girl isn' t
worth stealine.— Philadelohia Press..'
A recent traveler in the interior of one of the wildest of the
Philippine Islands notes that the natives keep a regular debit and
credit account of human heads. Under this regimcone would be led
to believe that the matter of a balance of trade between tribe and
tribe would be of vital interest to every individual.
ON THE LEVEL. ON THE
SQUARE — S., City. The- Masonic
poem entitled "We Met Upon the
Level and Parted on the Square" was
written by Robert Morris, a very
prominent member . of the Masonic
fraternity.
SHE portrait accompanying this article sent by the London correspond
ent of The Call is that of the handsomest youngster whose name is
enrolled in the British f peerage— -Lord Ossulston— the son of Lord
Tankerville and heir* to his broad domain. He' has a face_that recalls
those of Raphael's cherubs, and the "altogether" costume of Cupid in which
his proud parents posed him for the camera allows it to be seen that he is
in all respects a fine specimen of. juvenile beauty! In his own person, too,
he Is an excellent object lesson in favor of matrimonial alliances between
the British aristocracy and Columbia's fair - daughters, for • his mother is
an American woman and a famous beauty. Before her l marriage she was
Miss Leonora Van Marter and she hails from Tacorna.
V Lord Tankerville, in his young manhood, was a notable . figure in the
frivolous world of society. Some twenty years. ago he underwent "conver
sion" and since then he has been distinguished for his religious fervor. For
the favorite melodies of "his unregenerate^days he substituted revivalists'
hymns, and, gifted ' with a fine, rich ¦ barytone voice, has frequently made
good use of It on evangelizing tours. Tankerville was originally an Anglo-
Norman earldom. ' ,-;"'„
KNIGHTS ' TEMPLAR— A. S.. City.
The reason that the organization that
recently held its conclave in San Fran
cisco use Knights Templar instead of
Knight Templars is because in the con
stitution the organization Is designated
as Knights Templar.
THE LATEST PORTRAIT OF • LITTLE LORD ' OSSTJL-"
B '^ O1^rr^^ ANE> HKIR OF LORD TANKERVILLE.
HIS MOTHER IS AN AMERICAN AND A FAMOUS
¦1. BEAUTT.
THE PRINT OF THE SPRINGS.
A politician upon his arrival at one of
the small towns in North Dakota,
where he was to make a speech the fol
lowing day, found 'that the two so
called hotels were crowded to the doors.
Not having telegraphed for accommo
dations, the politician discovered that
he would have to make shift as best he
could.
He was compelled for that night to
sleep pn a wire cot which had only
some blankets and a sheet on It. As
the statesman is a fat man he found
his improvised bed anything but com
fortable. > ,
'tWell." asked a friend when the poli
tician appeared in .the dining-room in
the morning, "how did. you sleep ?**, '{"•?*¦
"Oh, fairly well, replied the states
man, nonchalantly* "but I looked like
a waffle when I got up."— Youth's Com.
pacion.
TURNIP CATCHING — Madelame.
City. It was on Saturday, June 21. 1902.
at about the noon hour, that Jean Be
dini caught on a fork held in his teeth
a turnip thrown from the dome of the
Claus Spreckels building.
FOR THE BAR— C C J., Haywards.
Cal. The next examination In the Su
preme Court of California for admission
to the bar will be held on the first
Monday in December, 1904.
HAIR DRESSING— E- I* M, City.
There is no public institution tn San
Francisco in which hair dressing or
manicuring is taught. If any private
Individuals teach such, this department
cannot advertise .them.
THAT WAS ENOUGH.
"It was on a train going from New
York to Washington," said Albert
Barnes of Toledo.
"Among the passengers were a newly
married couple, who made themselves
known as such to so great an extent
that the occupants of the car began to
make sarcastic remarks about them.
"The bride and groom stood the re
marks for some time, but finally the
latter, who was a man of tremendous
size, broke out in the following lan
guage at his tormentors:
" 'Yes, we're married— just married.
We are going 100 miles farther, and are
going to spoon all fhe way. If you
don't like it you can get out and walk.
She's my violet and I'm her sheltering
oak!'
"During the remainder of the journey
this couple was left in peace."— Boston
Advertiser.
CRAYON PICTURES— Country In
quirer. Williams, Cal. Crayon pictures
are not valued by size but by merit.
Such cannot be valued except upon
view by some expert.
GRAND ARMY— M. K* CJty, Tha
Grand Army of the Republic encamp
ment of 1903 opened In San Francisco
August 17 and closed on the 25th fol
lowing.
NEW MEXICO — Subcsriber, Santa
Rosa, CaL Two of the weekly papers
published in Santa Fe, N. SL. are the
Capital and the New Mexican Review.
SULPHURING ALMONDS-S. T..
City. The appearance of almonds that
have dark shells is Improved by the
use of the fumes of sulphur.
RECENTLY, with proper ceremony, a memorial was placed in
the fine chapel at Mare Island Navy Yard in honor of the men
who perished on our warships in the hurricane at Apia. It
was a proper and wholesome act, for while honoring the dead it in
cited in the living fidelity to duty by the assurance that sacrifice is
remembered of men. ,
That chapel ought to have placed in it another memorial of his
toric interest, and one that will recognize a class of navy officers
whose duty is so gently and faithfully done that the public make
little note of it or them.
With the" American squadron that raised the flag at Monterey
was a navy chaplain, Rev. Walter Colton. He was a man of execu
tive force and high character. Commodore Stockton appointed him
Provisional. Alcade of Monterey, July 28, 1846, and he was elected
to the same office September 15th following. Royce in his "Califor
nia'' of him ; "On September 4, 1846, he held the first jury
trial in California. He found the people good tempered and studied
them faithfully, applying from the first "a sensible and tolerant" mind
to understanding and helping them in his office of Alcalde, and was
in all respects an example of the more enlightened American influ
ence at its very best, in a time of transition. The people of Monte
rey liked him and felt generally contented with the new rule as rep
resented by him.*'
Rev. Dr. Willey, in his "Transition Period of California,^ says:
"Colton with Semple, finding some old type at Monterey, printed
the first newspaper in California on August 15, 1846, entitled The
Californian. Colton made the first announcement of the discovery
of gold to the Journal of Commerce in New York, in a letter to
that paper."
The newspaper started by Colton and Semple became the Alta
California, the first and oldest newspaper on the coast.
Chaplain Colton began the planting of American institutions
here fifty-eight years ago. He was the pioneer of two great insti
tutions, the judicial and the journalistic. His influence as a founder
was useful and wise. He remained here until after the gold discov
ery, and his whole history and career may be traced. A memorial
window to hirn in the navy yard chapel will be a proper ascription
to an American_who did his duty wisely and cleanly. The Call in
vites expressions concerning him from the surviving pioneers,
among whom may be many who knew him and his work. The pro
fessions of law and journalism may well join those in the ministry in
promoting this memorial.
A MEMORIAL MERITED.
BUFFALO BILL— C G. S» City. "Wil
liam F. Cody, "Buffalo Bill." first pre
sented his Wild West show in Omaha,
Neb., May 17. 1883.
THE CENTURY — F. I*. Stockton.
CaL This is not the- nineteenth, but
the twentieth century.
This
Youngster
Just
Too Cute
for Anu
thing, and
Wouldn't
You
Like
to Hug
and Kiss
theLittlp
Bunch of
Sweetness?
In Answer to Queries
bY the Call Readers
Women and children have a great
way of doing things because somebody
eise does ?hem, says a contributor to
the Philadelphia Inquirier.
You will see Miss Bright Mind bub
bling over with vivacity. She will
eay all sorts of clever things, and her
vivacity is becoming. She is little and
slender perhaps and a bit of kiiten
isheas now and then rather suits her
style. Some fine day Miss* Dull-
Headed will run across Miss Bright
Mind and the D. H. will think to her
self: "Dear me, how attractive she
makes h\erself. Why can't I do that?"
So Miss D. H. starts in to be vivacious,
too, and the result is she makes a
lovely monkey of herself, and instead
of gathering huzzahs of adnrriration
from the multitudes at large she
gathers in a whole lot of deep pity.
The hat that may look fine on your
neighbor may look dreadful on you.
And manners must be as becoming
as hats. What is food for one stom
ach is poison for another, and the
gayety that may be charming in one
woman appears absurd in her neigh
bor.
Very often you will find a thin,
slenderly woman, who tattles eternally
about wanting to be fat. She absorbs
cod liver oil and worries the family
into taking residence at Chestnut Hill
because she would like to gain ten
pounds or a little more. After a time
she manages to plumpen up a little—
and looks a sight.
Again we have the deluded young
woman who doesn't- like the color of
her hair. Miss Brown, across the way,
has lovely red hair and Miss Black
thinks she will have an order of it
herself. When the red hair^is finally
acquired Miss Black cannot be recog
nized hy her own mother, and instead
of looking like a masterpiece — as does
Miss Brown — she resembles a carica
ture.
The best way is to be your own self,
to be your individual self. You have
the framework for a type of your own.
Take your individuality as you find it,
touching up the best points and em
bellishing them, and hiding as best
you can the little failings and foibles
and foolishnesses that are sure to be
lurking around somewhere. Since you
have a type of your own, do not go
out and find a type that can't possibly
fit you and then try to palm that off
as your own, for the deception will be
quite plain.
Let out your best thoughts. Learn
to speak softly, to' move gracefully, to
have poise and balance— and. your in
dividuality will be all right •
ORATORY THAT WON*.
Congressman William H. Jackson of
Maryland was engrossed in discussing
with a number of colleagues the de
cadence of oratory. "Sane people are
not emotional," declared the Congress
man, "and the conversational delivery
of a speech carries as much weight
with an intelligent audience as does the
effort of a declaimer who indulges in
brilliant periods with an arm-swinging
accompaniment."
"You are right," said a listener, "and
your statement reminds me of a young
lady who had. two suitors. Both men
had about the same advantages and
prospects, but gossip declared that the
girl would decide in favor of the man
who was a lawyer, for he knew better
how to present and win his case. Gos
sip erred; the lawyer was rejected.
Later it was learned from a friend in
whom the betrothed had confided -the
reasons for her choice.
•' 'Harry is convincing, but John is
Just as convincing and does not have to
remove his' arms every time he wants
to say something.' " — New York Herald.
HERE IS THE HANDSOMEST BOY
IN THE PEERAGE OF ENGLAND
BE YOUR INDIVIDUAL
SELF, DON'T IMITATE
SOME BRIGHT TALES
WORTH REMEMBERING
I know a land where the streets are
paved
"With the things we meant to achieve;
It is walled with the money we meant to
have saved.
And the pleasures for which we grieve.
There are uncut Jewels, of possible fame.
Lying about in the dust.
And many a noble and lofty aim
Covered with mold and rust.
The kind words unspoken, the promises
broken.
And many a coveted boon
Are stored away there In that land
somewhere —
The land of "Pretty Soon."
And, oh, this place, while it seems so
near.
Is farther away than the moon!
Though our purpose tr fzii, yet we never
get there —
The land of "Pretty >on."
It Is farther at noon tr. ..n It is at dawn.
Farther at night than at noon;
Oh! let us beware of that land down
there —
The land of "Pretty Soon."
— King's Own.
About the Land We
Call "Pretty Soon"
PARKER ON PERSONALITIES.
THE Democratic campaign for the last year and now is personal
and directed against President Roosevelt. The only speeches
of importance so far made were by Senator Bailey, D. B. Hill
snd Bourke Cockran. They were all intense and fervid against the
personality of the President. He was. accused of violating the con
stitution, and upon that major charge was strung every minor ac
cusation that can go to his character as a man.
The most serious crime against the republic and its citizens is
the violation of a President's oath for the purpose of subverting the
constitution. It is perjury to effect treason. It is a crime inconsist
ent with good personal character. To charge it against a President
is to charge him with being a character wholly bad, unworthy to sit
among the sons of liberty, a bad man, capable of crimes the highest
and the lowest. That is the chosen attitude of the opposition to
President Roosevelt. It is an attack not limited to his official char
acter. It goes straight to his personal character. If it be true and
can be proved, he is the un worthiest of the unworthy, an enemy of
his country and his countrymen.
If a President violate and destroy the constitution he has com-
mitted a crime against the human race that outlaws him throughout
the world. Time and again the Democratic leaders have declared
that President Roosevelt is the sole issue. The charges made against
the President are of such a nature that they are also charges against
the man and citizen. >
This being the situation now. while the campaign is yet young,
it is apparent that the people do not believe the charges against the
President. The campaign against him is a failure. It has been
pushed tentatively by the Democratic speakers, and is found to
strengthen the President and weaken Judge Parker. Therefore, it
becomes necessary to do something. The plan of campaign has to
be changed. The fixed ammunition so laboriously acquired cannot
be used. Something else must be tried, and the change must be
made to seem a virtue and not a necessity. In this emergency Judge
Parker makes an appearance. In a public letter, addressed to the
compiler of the Democratic campaign textbook, he begs of that
functionary that personal attacks upon the President be omitted
from that publication.
If there were need for the letter it must exist in the need of ex
purgation of the matter already prepared for the textbook. When
the volume is issued we »vill see whether it contains the charge that
the President ha^ violated the constitution. If it do, the ingenuity
of Judge Parker cannot make it appear as anything less than a
charge that the President is a perjurer. The country will not be
biinded by a spectacular play of good manners. Either the President
is obedient to the constitution and mindful of his oath or he is not.
There is no haif way point in the situation. If he is not, he should
be defeated. If he is, he should be elected, not merely to vindicate
him personally, but to safeguard the constitution itself. ,
Judge Parker is in the same attitude as Mr. Caminetti. He
avails himself of the indecent attitude of his party to put himself
in contrast with it, and appear as the personal champion of public
decency in a campaign. Neither in the Republican campaign text
book, nor out of it. has any such charge been made against Judge
Parker. His personal character is accepted for what it is, upright
and clean. Only such public reputation as he has acquired since he
became a candidate for nomination has been under examination and
been made the subject of criticism that has not been originated by
the Repi-.blican party. It was made public for months before his
nomination by members of his own party. Two of the most influen
tial of these, Mr. Hearst and Colonel Bryan, furnished the country
with all that need be said about Judge Parker.
As Mr. Hearst was the second choice of the convention for the
Presidency, and Mr. Bryan was easily the leadyig spirit in the con
vention and is called by the National Committee to take the stump
for the party, these criticisms had high party indorsement. Their use
and their extension by the Republican committee is perfectly legiti
mate. It cannot denv them. They must be recalled by the men who
made them and by the party which so pointedly indorsed them.
Judge Parker need not hope to put himself in the attitude of a per
sonally abused man, because the opposition uses against him what
H'as said of him by the most conspicuous men in his own party.
No Republican desires a personal campaign. None will dodge
it if forced by the attacks on President Roosevelt. The keynote of
the Republican campaign is the speech made by Mr. Root to the
Chicago convention, which was entirely free of partisan attacks upon
the opposition, or upon the personality of any opposition leader. Xo
President since Lincoln has been made the victim of as much en
venomed personal abuse as President Roosevelt. If the opposition
desire to repent, recant and mend its manners in that respect it can
«lo so, though it will have no issue left. ¦* % ,
The Way Bryan Will Appear When Hill and Belmont Send for Him.
Editor The Call— Considering: the In
terest awakened by the reports of th«
•great battle3 and the great losses In
'the late engagements in Manchuria. It
| may be well to think a HttJ" about th*»
greatest losses In any one day's fight
ing In the Civil War at th* battle of
Antietam, September 17, 1862, forty
two years ago to-day.
We hear a great deal about the In
tense patriotism of the Japanese and
j their willingness to die for their Em
' peror. meaning perhaps their country.
I and of the extraordinary bravery of the
' Russians, fortified by their faith Ir
their "Ikons"; of the great improve
ment in artillery, such destructive p«r.v
der and the long range riRes of the in
fantry.
According to the Russian report the
losses in ten days' fighting were 4000
killed and 12.000 wounded, a total of
16,000. The Japanese report a total of
17,533 killed and wounded. The reports
are not explicit enough to enable us
to make fair comparisons as to per
centages of losses, as the number en
gaged is unki.own, but we may reason
ably estimate that there were approxi
mately 200,000 on each side.
At the battle of Antietam probably
every man on the Confederate side was
In action. Estir ~tes vary and there
is no way of arriving at the facts, but
there is no doubt that there* were ap
proximately 50,000 men. On the Union
side there was about the same number,
certainly not more were engaged- . .-».."
The reports of losses as to the Union
army are very nearly accurate, white
in the Confederate army the reports
are not to be depended upon. If Gen
eral McClellan's report .Is to be relied
upon when he says: * About 2700 of the
enemy's dead were counted and burled
upon the battlefield of Antietam. • • A
portion f their dead had previously
been burled by the enemy."
The casualties were reported as fol
lows:
Killed. Wound*!. WT—Iag.
Union 2108 ».54» T53 1XGJD
Confederate .. 1512 7,816 ISM 11.173
17,363 2587 23.SS2
Sor of the maximum casualties by
commands were as follows;
UNION.
Twelfth Massachusetts ..„ ..... «T per cent
Ninth .Vnr Tort ............ O
Sixty-first New York ............ 61.8 **
Sixty- third New York ,- 59.2 ™
Fifty -elphth N'ew Yortc. -. 53. 7 "
Third Wisconsin .....—-. M-S "
Fonrteenth Indiana. _ 56.2- "
CONFEDERATE.
Texa* Brigade — C4-1
Semmes Brigade ................. 44.2 "
Ratio of wounded to killed on tbe Union
side. 4.5.
W. C. ALBERGER.
San Francisco, Sept. 17.
Antietam Losses Compared
With Those in Manchuria
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS ! Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO _^
JOHN McXAUGHT -^JH^^SH
PUEUC^lOS^mCE .THIRD AKP MARKET STREETS. BAJ* FRANCISCO
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 20. 1904
- :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY: SEPTEMBER 20. 1904.
COPYRIGHT. 1904, BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
6i Fall . bats. 1904. Just arrived. .. nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp.Palace."
BID THEM FAREWELL.— The congrega
tlqn of. the West Side. Christian Church gath
ered ' last nlffht to bid farewell to ¦ fourteen
missionaries about to leave . tor ¦ the Orient. *
UNIVERSAL. SERVICE SOCIETY.— The
concert and ball given by the tJnlverial Service
Society drew a large : and ' fashionable crowd
to Golden Gate Hall last nlxht ' -5»ti
WANTS DAMAGES AM) DEED.— Orf
]tos«r.ibaJ ye*terd*.y began *sit for (10.000
/».~«i-»« ;-r alleged breach ef contract asainst
th» Fta* RU1 Corse!! Sated M'nlcr Company
anfl the Croctor-Woclworth National Bank.
The court is also aaiced to derl&re that th«
lEinlmr cotrpasy Ytt forfeited all of Its rirhts
to s.ir.!=e prop* rty in Nevada County, the deed
for which is tn escrow in the bank.
The Supreme Court has decided that
the coyote scalp claims must be paid.
Those 1 who have' secured court judg
ments are at liberty to take their
money at once. The aggregate amount
of" the claims is nearly $250,000. The
decision was rendered in an action
begun by Charles Blckerdike on as
signed claims amounting to $72,330 un
der an authorizing suit for the re
covery of coyote bounties. The plain
tiff got judgment for J59.6S0 and the
Attorney General appealed. The Su
preme Court holds that the act was
valid and that the State cannot repu
diate its contract.
In 1891 the Legislature passed a law
giving 55 for each coyote scalp. Farm
ers stopped tilling the soil and took to
hunting coyotes. In some sections of
the State scalps were worn thin
through having been presented go
many times. Enterprising speculators
bought coyote scalps in Nevada, Ari
zona and New Mexico at $1 and sold
them several times f6r $5 apiece in
California. It. was too i good a thing
to last and the act was repealed when
the State owed half a million dollars.
Bickerdlke appealed from an order
reducing some of his claims and he is
sustained by the Supreme .Court, so
that he may recover the entire amount
f 01 which he sued. *
The court- also.decided. yesterday that
Daniel McCarthy must oegin another
euit if he hopes to get possession of the
levee at Sacramento and "oust the
Southern Pacific ' Company from its al
leged Tight of way.' McCarthy peti
tioned to have his* title to the Norris
town tract cuieted. Tne levee ' runs
through the property and the. railroad
has its tracks on . top . of . the dyke. The
lower court gave judgment for McCar
thy and then granted a motion. for a
new. trial. McCarthy appealed, but the
Supreme Court thinks another hear
ing of the case advisable. ,
At about 10 o'clock last Sunday night
Dillon' saw two men walking down Val
lejo street wharf, one of whom had a
basalt paving block tied to his waist.
They sat down upon some piling near
the edge of the wharf and engaged in
conversation in the German language.
The man with the stone was threaten
ing to jump overboard and his friend
was detaining him. Dillon started
toward them, when the man carrying
the stone ran toward the edge of the
wharf. Dillon caught him by the arm,
but the man ; broke loose from him
and jumped overboard. Dillon and the
suicide's companion got a boat hook
and grappled for the body. . • •
When they had drawn it to the wharf
Dillon notified the Coroner's office and
Deputy Coroner Meehan came for the
body. He cut / the stone block away
from the dead man and let it lie on
the wharf, where it was found by
Police Patroiman F. T. Becker of the
Harbor Hospital, who conveyed it and
a bottle one third full of claret to the
police station and later to the Coron
er's office. * • • ~ . . :'
The suicide's companion disappeared
after he and Dillon rescued the body.
On : the person of the suicide was a
card of the Building Trades Council,
bearing the name . "F. Leuthold." Up
to a late hour yesterday no one had
applied for the body or identified it.
The paving' block . wei ghed' about twen
ty pounds.' T - -"? ¦t--''
According to the report of the police
detectives regarding the man supposed
to be F. Leuthold, whose body was re
covered from the bay yesterday morn
ing, the case was not one of murder
as stated on the . Coroner's record, but
one of undoubted suicide. Detectives
Bailey and Whittaker reported to Cap
tain Martin, Chief of Detectives, yes
terday the 1 following statement made
to them by .W. S. Dillon, night watch
man for Crowley's boathouse:
The case was originally set for trial
yesterday, but it was by agreement to
go over until September 28. Meantime
the detective force will try to learn
whether the rumor of death is true.
When the calendar was called yester
day Attorney Frank J. Murphy,' who
represents Kratz, handed the, Judge a
letter which Mrs. R. M. White, a Bister
of Kratz, bad received from her father
in Los Angeles, dated September 16.
It said tbat A. A. Kratz had the pre
vious day hired a bathing machine at
Long Beach. He' had not been seen
Etabe and his clothes were found in the
machine. It was supposed he had been
carried out to sea. Murphy also sub
mitted a letter from A. A. Kratz, dated
September 11, in which he expressed
bis anxiety for a speedy trial. Murphy
asked that the case be dismissed.
The Judge said he would like some
thing definite as to the death of the de
fendant. He suggested that Assistant
District Attorney Whiting make, in
quiries. The case was continued till
this morning, and Whiting placed the
matter in the hands of Captain Martin.
Kratz was out on bonds.
Kratz's brother William is serving a
term of five years in San Quentin on
the same charge. William was a mem
ber of the firm of the Donandt-Kratz
Company, commission merchants, and
fled with over 116,000 of the firm's
money. A. A. Kratz was with him at
the time he left the ofHce with the
money and was arrested the following
day. William was arrested in Kansas
City, where he was living under an as
sumed name, and brought back to t he
city by Detective T. B. Gibson;
When the case of the people against
A. A. Kratz, charged with felony em
bezzlement, was called in Judge
Durfbe's court yesterday the defend
ant's attorney suggested that his client
was dead. 1
Major General Bates Recommends
Establishment of Ni*ht Schools
for Benefit of Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 19.— Major Genera! J.
C. Bate*. V. S. A., ecmraandir.c the North
ern Division, in his annual report to the
War Department, saye that the experience of
tsaoy years is that no great public advantage
is <ler!ned fr-ra the ooet schools for enlisted
men. «Dd that they should be conducted as
night schools with prminion f»r any soldier
to »tt«nfl who *o desires.
General Bste» urges serious consideration
of the c.ui*:;cn of desertions, which continue
to be quite numerous.
AR3IY POST EDUCATIONAL
SYSTEM ISNT SATISFACTORY
VARYING TALES
ABOUT SUICIDE
COYOTE SCALP
CLAIMS VALID
REMAINS OF MAN FOUND 1
HIDDEN IN A CULVERT
Body Believed to Be. That of Victim
of Tramps Who Camped
Near Spot.
SALINAS, Sept. 19.— George Henry, manager
of the Miller Company, about *noon yesterday
discovered the partially decomposed, remains
of a man hidden In an . eUchteen-Jnch culvert
near the company's warehouse. At the en
tracce to the culvert a package containing
almost new wearing appsrel had been stuffed
and two feet farther in the body was found
tichtly wedged.
The skull is fractured in nine places as
tbcuih with a heavy blunt Instrument. Th«
only thing found on the body was a letter
addressed to PJlar Gomez and written some
where is Southern California. \\ Is supposed
th« man attracted the notice of tramps whose
cam© was located a few yards from th« cul
vert and was murdered and the body shoved
iuto the culvert to prevent discovery. A Cor
oner's Jury returned a verdict of "killed by
party or parties unknown.** . ."...'f
Death Ends Card Game.
MODESTO, Sept. 19.— H. R. Pfuhl. repre- t
srntativ* of a wholesale house Tn San Fran- j
clsco. fell dead in the Tynan Hotel last even-
Ins while playlr% ,wbist. I
VENTURA RANCHER KTTJjn>
IN PECULIAR MANNER
Tries to Wrest Gun From Man Who
Took Up His Quarrel and
Is Shot.
VEXTCRA. Sept. 19.— William Suyt&r. a
well-known ranchman, was killed to-<IaT by a
rvnshot wound received under peculiar cir
cumstances. Suytar went wtta his boy and
Richard Gordon to expel two men from his
orchard. Suytar rot lato a dispute with Frani
¦Wheeler, one oX the men. Gordon took up
the quarrel and grabbed a shot gua from
guytar'* son. Suytar In turn attempted to
wrest the weapon from Gordon and the gun
waa discharged.
New things to burn In leajher «ad
wood novelties, and prices on pyrosra
phy outfits are as low as the lowest.
Don't forget this. Sanborn. Vail & Co,
741 Market street. "*
MORRISON Wlti. PROBATED. — Judga
Coffey yesterday admitted to probate the. will
of Mrs. Clara T. Morrison, who died recently
In Germany. She was the widow of Hugs
Morrison of Honolulu and left an estate tn this
city, consisting chiefly of securities, valued at
I1C0.CC0. In addition there is realty In Hono
lulu wort* $3000. ~a
KRATZ'S DEATH
IS ASSERTED
CHICAGO, t^pt. 19.— "You filtJ Tight. CsSer
the circuirstasce* I wouldn't flue a tsaa a
pessy fcr ehoctlsir. Too had a nght to ahoot
tl-.i» man. Act man would have a ri^ht. after
• - . - r ntch letter*, to ehoet such a man, who
!¦ .-. - entered bl> bom*. Ycu are Civch&rffed."
'.'.' -t this startling a*w>rtloa from th«
bench. Jurttc* Cnarltoa to-day dismissed Carl
' .: --.'- GtAalA von Ju&renfeld. eSril en-
Ciaoecr, it« vw charred with Intent to kill
*f th* re«ult ef Raring fired several shot* at
John Thoisr. a ccrarcerc!al traveler, whom
i-t '¦:-.-. at hta wife's home yesterday when
he returned unexpectedly after a year'i aJb
•rr.ee la the Orient.
Civil Ensineer Returns From Orient
and Finds Commercial Traveler
Established at Wife's Home.
CHICAGO JUDGE CO3OII3n)S
MAX FOR SHOOTING TO KILL
Reduced Rates by Santa Fe.
Tctil October 14 the Sar.ta Fe will sell
rour.d-tr:p tickets to Yosemite Valley
frota San Frar.cisco for 325 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip is made entire
ly in day time and Includes a ride
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol
uisr.* Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Tr«*>s). Meals and lodgings are
the best. The route is through the Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls.
Eridal \>U and Yosemite Falls, Cathe
dral Bock, the Sentinel. Glacier Point,
Three Brothers, El Capitan and New In
spiration Point. Additional stay In Yo
f-'~:::c taav be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
& day. This is a grand chancy to see the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
!t at Eanta Fe Offlce. No. 641 Market St.*
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 19. — The
steamship Northland, Captain Samuel
Bonifield. bound from Portland to
San Pedro, via San Francisco, ran on
the rocks about a mile south of Point
Pinos Lighthouse and about two miles
from Pacific Grove at 2 o'clock this
morning.
The Northland left San Francisco at
3 o'clock yesterday afternoon and was
to have put into Monterey with 800,000
feet of lumber, consigned to Healy,
Tibbetts & Co. Peter Hedoal, the first
mate, was in command when the ves
sel struck the rocks. Captain Boni
field explains the mishap by saying
that the mate mistook the Point Pinos
light for that at Santa Cruz and went
to the wrong side of it. The night was
clear and the mobn was shining
brightly when the accident occurred.
The Northland was going at full
speed when she struck and a great
hole was torn in her starboard bow.
Perfect order prevailed among: the
passengers and crew and after jetti
soning a part of the deckload Captain
Bonlfleld succeeded in getting his
vessel into deep water.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Steamship Northland. Bound
for Monterey. Has Narrow
Escape From Destruction
RUNS ON ROCKS
AT POINT PINOS
The defendant personally then filed
a i>lea of once in jeopardy, and the
Judge said if he insisted upon forcing
the rlea and consented to the discharge
of the jury he could not plead once in
Jeopardy. Th'.s seemed to surprise the
defendant's attorney, and the Judge
told him he could consider the best
course to pursue between now and the
date set for the trial.
The Judge overruled the objection
and said the Supreme Court had held
that all of the proceedings at the
former trial subsequent to the opening
statement by the District Attorney
were void. The case would have to be
retried by the same jury. If the jury
was discharged without the defendant's
consent then he could plead once in
jeopardy. The only way was to call the
Jury back, as it had never been legally
discharged.
Attorney Barber thought It would be
unfair to both sides to try the case by
the same Jury. The Jurors' minds were
possibly not in a proper condition to
weigh the evidence fairly after the
Judge's Instructions to acquit. The
Judge said:
I will acaln advire the jury to acquit tf
there :« no furcier evidenc* to offer and will
rtve my reaeo&a. Of course the Jury need
net fc« rulded by aiy aflvic*. but if a verdict
wi rendered cenvictlTig: the defendant 1 would
e-ar.t a motion for a new trial, so n« to tak*
Use xcatter before the Surreme Court. I will
c.aJte a formal order overruling the objections
a* to smitur the case for trial and will give
the defendant twenty days after the order is
tt.ade to prt-sent a bill of exc*ptJsiss. The
Jurc-re can be here on October 31. then if an
order U made to discharge them it can be
cor.Fi5ered at that time.
Dr. Benjamin F. Stoll. charged with
the murder of Dr. Robert J. Blake in
the offices of Decker & Stoll, dentists,
Phelan building, en October 16. 1902.
finds himself in a queer predicament.
On January g, 1903. Judge Cook in
structed the jury to acquit him. Dis
trict Attorney Bylngton appealed to the
Supreme Court, and a new trial was
granted on the STouml that the Judge
erred in instructing the jury to acquit.
Yesterday when the case was called
to be set again for trial Attorney Hos
rner lor the defendant objected on the
ground that the defendant was acquit
ted by a jury, that the verdict had
never been reversed, that the defendant
was ordered discharged from custody
and the jury discharged and that neith
*t order had been set as=ide. He said
the attempt to retry the case was un
constitutional, as the defendant had
been once in Jeopardy.
If Defendant Consents to
Jury's Discharge He Can
not Urge Once in Jeopardy
.JUDGE COOK EXPLAINS
Dr. Benjamin F. Stoll Wait
ing Trial for Murder Is
Placed in Odd Position
Bishop Potter is not taken seriously
by the « h'.irches and settlement work
er* of Now York in the matter of his
tvjloon advocacy, according to the Rev.
Di. If. J. Vosburgh of Oakland. Dr.
Wttbargb, whiie «Iiseu stinging his triy
L.: ±i liefore the Baptist Ministers'
Association yesterday, introduced the
tuj'lc of the now famous subway
saloon and interested his hearers with
his account of opinions formed on the
¦nhject by churchmen.
Dr. Yosburgh declared the Bishop's
.*..iuon is like any other '"respectable"
saloon, "no better and no worse." He
iht-n turned his attention to Dr. Kains-
Turd. the eminent rector of oL George's
Church, NVw York, and one of the
clerical idols of the Eastern metropo
lis paying him the highest compli
xueal for his indefatigable work.- Dr.
Vo^burgh also eave it as his opinion,
funned after a. visit to Colorado, that
Governor Peabody had handled the
strike situation in that State "very
v ?•11." though he had made "individual
mistakes.**
J. A. Envry. one of the attorneys of
the Citizens* Alliance, appeared before
the Presbyterian Ministers' Association
at the Presbyterian House, Sacra
rr.ento street, yesterday morning on
bXYttaiJon and discussed labor unions.
£ir;ke>s, interference with non-union
l^bor and the cause for the existence
of the organization which he repre
sents. 9
Emery gave the history of the
trade* union, tracing it back to the
period when he admitted it waa neces
t-..ry to gain concessions for the work
iijrmaji. When the unions asked for
better hours and higher wages, he
said, they had the sympathy of the
•uhlic. but he asserted that the labor
organization went further and by
m^r.* of coercion, threat* and intimi
dntion they ultimately gained an un
<•<rstitmion.il and unlawful power.and
<:•::>• to men not affiliated with them
the r:ght to enjoy the liberty guar
anteed by the constitution of the
I'nited States.
Emery declared the boycott not only
•-••.'awful, but ?cainst the principles
of American « :tiz*»n«=hip. The people
<u Mn Franrisco had daily object lep
¦ona of the boycott in the brutal a?
srultjt upon men. who, because not af
ilfated with labor unions, had been
-urjected to murderous attack. H«»
h-.rped the unions "with beir.g a parry
to the assaults since they fail to ex
5 ••: iho*»* members who are guilty of
the sstauits. In substantiation of his
•¦harse he quoted the recent case of
r»r.c Eiifran. who. he said, had battered
an old man until he was almost un
r» i-r-pnizable. yet . the labor organiza
tion had <om<? to his assistance and
tren a Supervisor had given bail for
h:rn.
"Christian Science" was the subject
>>i an address by the Rev. William H.
!'<-;. kins before the Congregational
Minister* 1 Union yesterday.
Th* Rev. Father P. C. Yorke will
di llrer ¦ lecture on "Russia or Japan —
Which?" at the Alhambra Theater >.
Friday evening. September 30.
PlFhop Partridge of Kioto. Japan, de
ll* f-red an entertaining address yes
terday to the pupils of the Chinese
Public School.
Attorney Emery Speaks for
( iiiz^it-' Alliance Before
riv^'tviciian Minister
Dr. Vbsburgli Says New York
< himlu'N !*<> Not Take
Bishop Potter Seriousty
UNIONS ARE DISCUSSED
SUBWAY CAFE
IS DISCUSSED
PLEA WILL ACT
AS BOOMERANG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER :.'l<. IBM.
7
APVERTISEBiEyTS.
\
CARPETS
Our showing of carpets is authorita-
tive when the season's proper pat-
terns and colorings are under con-
sideration. While we are reputed the
highest class Carpet House of San
Francisco, our prices are as reason-
able if not actually lower than else-
where. We cordially invite your early
inspection. ,
W.& J. SLOAN E & CO.
•FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DRAPERIES'
114- -122 POST ST..S.F.
' PRAGEKS V~^. 5 -^. ' '¦^ '¦'- fRAGERS ' I PRAGgR£^
Illll Ilil ¦III! I 1MM ' T' »~~~-c~-»-~. .^___^_^___ - * " - ' - - .. ¦ r^— -T^^ITM
Cooking Sets for School s^
(s. *?ccrsrJ Floor.) PHI - «-*^nfl j^_ \^±.\m **. j*&l _^h .
The Only Store Now Carrying Them. -ll*kil» HL «LJ>eL HLI M. >2LJ* *T*l» TX/'ll O
jnj% The K o> -t<1 of Education requires every girl over tho ape / TSjP^*^ **^ *$**1fa*^ *Sr &S&F~ _ J| H6P6 Will £)6
s»^LJf f% n f 1° years, in th-^ middle pradep, to !ak»a rour?" in cook- \El * • AB Eb P
t_MJ^_, iris - This necessitates a dress outfit, consisting of cap. Tw-^ "' „, ~—*i^ w .
¦"^ ' apron and cuffs. B3 AL^*AYS RELIABLE . % . - • wv v •
W" will plac? on s»1p to-day th* complpt" sots, made of MM - \nmOTn11\(T Tl/>1TV O*
pond grade of Victoria Lawn; the apron is cut full, so that It will MPz !*>**«- I 9 TVT APKFT ST JlL • ' Owlllvllllll^ lS\JH\\L
cover the entire skirt, has a bib part with straps to go over the l^OO ifc^Vi I^-f^XtlVL. M. v7l.J0Nt> «^ C*
shoulders and a nice deep hem. The, price we are charging is less mBmixmmmmaMwasgxBmmaeaimmefamgmmmKmemmemxxmmmmmammma
>. than the material can be bought for, as - - a ¥\
/^^ the ,ct is wen worth at i«t 75c Women's New Fall Underwear at* PragerS
%*£*& • ' " .JJ. URSES * • APRON^- f I THIS is ju'st the time you have to give thought
WS - 35C w??|ht A! ViZr?a\^ 0 ha^ r t 1 to your fall and winter underwear It is with •*
jjcfmSfcx " v deep hem at the bottom: a hem- that in mmd that we have arranged these bar- •
#^*^***\ Ptitc lied l>ib ami shoulder straps. It is ga j n spe ria1^, affording j-nu splendid opportunty for fVJ\ X/^.
¦ HIM well worth 50c. economy. I #% FlA«V
• "R. & G." CORSETS. __, A garment— COTTON VESTS — They have hish jl LP^l/ffl V
'~'-T*r <P "i *}Ti a P a « r — This special in Cor- S.jC n^c k &**& long sleeves and are made of fine •• _#
Ri I 1/ etts consists of the very fc- »* % ' Derby Ribbed Cotton, with soft fleecing: medium • 9f
Jfl'h V f V\ ( J *f»*»vfc best Jh0 ir , ;ir k.?t affords. weisht; in gray or (ream color: thf PANTS to match ar»- ™— mmmmmm — —
Afif \\ BV — Made, of French Batiste, and ornamented ankle length. . Regular selling price is 35c.
£UM iJ ft\ ht the top and bottom with black silk g, NIGHT GOWNS— Made of the very best grad«s
Vfc/ « i\ A lace -*$ inches wide and finished v.-ith j _\ I fill o f soft, fleecy "Daisy" Flannelette. They have
lM-% L It'A narrow ribbon. Real whalebone is used. *p*»W hemstitched tucked yokes, finished with fancy
IM ii C' XuvSl. i5" ey a11 have the straight front effects. crcss-stitched braid. All are cut full and exceptionally P\ *i Il/I • li
IM I'l R'" VilV fhis lot consists of black only Sizes 20 well made. They are shown in pink, blue, cream and white LJOn X lVl1S9 It
LM'H, h Y^ to 26. They are regularly 52.50 a pair. colors. Regular price is 85c. \ . v/v/ " u ' MIO ° * *-
- 1 \ KB 3fer ' HANDKERCHIEFS. LV n a pair— DRAWERS— Made in extra size of good.
Smi ,,..,. j.-inrr » " I CjJ'C strong muslin; they have extra stout waist bands, ¦ V
Xi&vt *V->Z. Fach Women'* verv <he»r ! and the bottoms -are finished with wide hems and
¥M8 *1 1 #»2*»^^ it.acn UOmenS \ery Sfteer rlu>;trr« of tnok« W« nrrtimrilv hpII tVinrn at S^n >
« EV 10 /3C Purn Llnen Handkerchiefs. "usters of tucks. «t ordinarily sell them at Soc
V\ 6»«S> * v/uv having a dainty hand-made /LQ~ SHORT CHEMISE— Made of Cambric, with yoke
|A^ initial, finished with Spanish drawn ! O3C of Kulpure embroidery insertion, and the top la
**» work. They are regular 25c values. ~ edged all around with narrow ruffling of hem-
Best Chance for Veiling Bedding Specials Notion Novelties New Table Linen Prices I Magnificent Values in New
P V p P flivPn kH/, DOUBLrE BED SHEETS— \ ,"5o a dozen— BONE HAIR PINS— In - „ a yard— IRISH DAMASK ° r»«VU-. «
Z^vei vJVCn OvC h y d"fd P^- Purchase of a j shell and amber; crimped and AS/* — Good, heavy Irish Table KlCDOIlS
M*Q a j-ard— We have taken all double threaded. Targe tize Bed! paper— English Steel Pins— *^^ of Quality °t^aTwifl wtsh 4/\ a J ard T A , flve " ! S c !L pui S lv s l? >
B H r\ of our 25c, 35c a^d 50c a Sheets (81x90). we can make a big 40A of thorn in each paper. and always look well on the* table. | Vl/> so " a 7i P lo s sv Taffeta Ribbon
I I ft. vard value in our fancv f^'ing posPible for you. Any one of flc a box— Assorted Wire Hair Pins There are twelve different and pretty i y —the kin d that bows and^^ties
1 A^ jf e r ° h vSfn^nd marked! i'K S^StSSfi!^ " !^ SS&i&kSS £S& P«rl But- d " 1Sn5 '" Ch °° Se *™* S.'SKiS S^SSi J^l'th".' '
i xhi^iS^S^ W^^¥&M^- . ronlnK w «; C1 /lC s °7»FJ* n V' > "'" ,7 r r w
,•,.,,¦,„ , , j, Large size Comforter, with pure reeularlv 5c each T^ I Zl^ rirTw m v> 2? e wI11 tle bows for you without ex-
yards in the lot and nearly a hundred wh ite cotton filling. P regjiarly oc : each. J51, £ ±J »»h Irish Dinner Napkin tra charge. Every yard of this Ribbon
different patterns. They come in A double bed laree fw.™ ' Sonvenlrs of this City end Stat« "!" —to match the Table i,,. without any exaggeration, worth 35c.
nrettv combinations of (ints anH nlain pi^vJ. large-size fleecy ready for visitors to the Odd Tallows' Linen advertised In above item. This .--ISI rr*,? t>m*> m a „*
prett> compinations ot dots and Plain Banket. Conventicn. is a special value, and a good one, too. f a yard— Hair Ribbons, made of
Tuxedo Meshes. They are all 18 lkf% pure silk, with fancy bowknots.
inches wide and absolutely in the; IN SMARTNESS XKw MtlllNAntr LEAVES NOTHING JS «?&& d o ° n 9 SS» no fifi:
very latest tail colormps. which in-j • • AND STYI F 1 IfilS X¥IIBIlllSFV .TA U^ TMTQIDITn an< » wash r^rfectly. There ar-
elude the popular greens and browns.! niWOULL • »»fi\? &7ASM81&VA J „ l\J D3L UlLOUSJLV all shades. This Ribbon hM been re-
There isn't a woman in Sari Francisco; A TTENTION should be given to the phenomenal offerings that are now being made in this new depart- duced from 6c * yar<L
wnp can afford to miss this grand of- j /-\ ment. Some ot the very best ideas ever exhibited in San Francisco are being produced daily by our ex- =-================*=======—
fenn S- J| P ert work-women. There is the same "style and go" to all of our hats as can be found in the highest Cwicc r*m*+»ri\c.
==— _ ======== _ = ___ a= _ =SI== __ and best importations, but our prices are from a third to a half lower in every instance. 7^r VrUTl<UI» *iq
Special Sale of New Laces $7.50 Y^^ v %? & ls ™* Fiocr> cr^ A ?L' e O aJe rE^ s - smart ° C n0^ ' : i ' \' '* °^ C
t* n i r%. i »*. • rir» #w ' v tirst time to-day a JjC «> *;•> *7C •* ,f se , are o iV ?£ (Second Floor)
Far BelOW Regular Prices [ VJ e .„« »««^eomn^ -J^^^S^t -" #/:> SrlegT. t£? P^Uy StrlpedSwi M Ruffled Curtain.
Tiitror- i-~ $10.00 1. Th5y are made of b.iitifni u is impossible to pive any good will be one of the leading features In
HERE are 5O many dinerent i >, cho, lie fn !nr t Li I ' ' /ff&BZ?&S&7W£tt2i8$ description of them here. You our Curtain Department th'.s week.
styles of Lace included in this fn various shapes and eft^ecis AH /W/M*k^M&$03$ musl Sce them - T K here is l°\ an un ""^ ni ;,? ber of
sale that it is nearly impossible of the new shaded" %SffiJJ ha^" J*Mz&M$B£zM? QQn UNTRIMMED SHAPES. L^ectfon o^ th" viryVsf
to give anything but the slightest idea c7eMion. DSemble making an M^W^W^"^^^^ "OC 81.00, 81.50 and 81.75. a of the best.
Ro^ ei W^; lh and T^e^ n P^ turbans. MM^^^^^' Our Material Department, Cushion Tods
Laces, in cream, Arabian and whitl « QQ ' b^ ck . »SfeO» n 7 £ MB^^S^ifk trSL&7 ".JS^SS 1 "SSSSn'tliS SOp HOW 25c
Every design is handsome and made Bllk Turbans S 1IKed in a11 kiRds of mUlinery work.|^^^ HOW £C*JK,
en pood not with heavv edce^. They arp a11 finished in the best quality of $3$ft'&($ -<$£%£&&'* rfe '''' Our prices are the very lowest. Th*>re are over twenty-five new de-
rmke into verv nrettv- cVcvc trim silk and embody all the newest ideas. wi' , W e have — ¦ sipns of Cushion Tops that have r.f>ver
make into \er> prett> slee\e trim- . tjmk<J *& *Y Chenille Braid at J>c a yard. beer, shown before: they are double
mmgs nr for i:?c in millinery. | rL,Uhi£.i>. .s^^^i^ -^ . \ Jet Braid at |,"o a yard. values.
I <t* ** r*/\ This is r now lir.p of ¦5o5vxV>*"* **r I Wide Chenille at oO«* a yard. ' l-_ .. _ . _._ _.
ALL OF OUR / JiO jO shad « i Plumes, that we \^^fe 3t\ Buckram Frames at 15c and 1« C . NEW TABLE COVERS.
25 c values now 2Oc a yard. rP Ihowin^'^ A^'nSTtS fhis • iSS^SSSS. ¥i? a bunch. v^ lo Rj
3SC values now 25c a yard. SSde"" hSSontatar th2 n T Ostrich Bor Boms. §1.25 and J a a / ds ° f ,S? S^S" SSnd \l&£ Vp?-
50c values now 80c a yard. ors^used^i^^hat^^^ue-d^rochl' " f\Vw%^2ke hats for 51 50 and cl V pale " ! The pr ' ces %" far , be , 1 ?7 A the
; 5 c values now 5Oc a yard. Terra Cotta. Marine BhAnd Resed£ j^^*^' k^ we will tZ hats at 35e whkh \*™ % and ron from 50c and |10 ° to
These were bought to sell .at t4.50. include fram** and Bandeaux. * <-•><¦.
New Wrapper Flannels Popular Fan ab ud Dress Goods Women Who Visit Our Cloak and
(Main Floor) t . •''JAPANESE Silks are used by all lovers of C* S* C#* 4-Z~~ /^ 12 \F 1 VI Ci. 1 |j
in We have Just opened the handsomest assort- <J reliable washable silks. They can be adapt- OUll OcCLIOiI V9alli V 3 111 QD1 6 OlV 16 1QGSS
lUC mert of F 1301161 * 1 ever shown' on,, the coast.- ed to so many uses in women's and children's ; Z.
ried. and Sfme $?j£%g -^S^WvS&n 9 dYsi^sV are P^ticularly desirable At our (Second Floor)
L^oSuLry viru d e 3 f ° r kim °? aS and wr^ ers ' and are 5 * *\ ° "" p VERY QNE of our suits and coats bought for this season has a dis-
WOOL ALBATRO<?«5 Our 25c a yard 19-la. White Japanese Silk— ale *— * tinction and exclusiveness not found in any other store anywhere near
v/ ni^uniRuoo. , Our 40c d 23-in. White Japanese Silk — *ilc the Drices we are sellintr them at There are <snine v*rv <mnA mennt
- n a yard— A great number of exceedingly pretty Our 50c a yard 27-in. AVhite Japanese Silk— RSc ' pnees we are selling tnem at. lhere are some good reasons
IDC sh &des of this Wool Albatross appear in this Our 75c a yard 27-ln. White Japanese Silk — ii'.lc ' why you should visit this department to-day, a few of which are given here:
big lot. They are cream, pink, light blue, black. Our 85c a yard 27-ln. White Japanese Silk — (Jlle
brown, red. gray, green, etc It Is well worth 25c a yard. t» t a mr' a T^T-r-m* «tt i*- at. wtt t t^t-»t<-.t-.ct SUITS x y %ZZl
I BLACK TAFFETA SILK AT MILL PRICES. ouixa. /C^^^^
_ ~ I ' 85c nuality 21-inch tl'Av & 1 1. f\U In any other store in this city you ((^SD^5I* -
A ,r C ' C*Tf>e «n#l AtrA«iM#r.iii« ' 89c <JtiaUty 24-inch <Jf>c A1'*»VJ would have to pay at least J20.00 xfT-^k
JOOyS OUIIS aiid V?VCrCOGtS 11.00 quality 27-lnch 7.V T? for a suit of the same style ar.d X£«J P
w J1.3G quality "'7-inch . .... <)S(> finish. At this price we are offering: Suits made !y*3**w /
u . < S^ Fi °^ SPECIAL VALUES' IN DRESS GOODS. S? gffo^BinS'Sa SKE* /j4®&ft
It you haven t seen this new Juvenile Depart- ,a , 10— Satin Venetian in Ki-ick ind Co'or«- the inches long and has half-fitted back, with four A^-i-VwH^iSI
1 ment with its complete stock of everything re- * Uu^l^uli^' '" bLlCk *"« C °'°" ' I t h t sleeveand cuffi The Skirt Mglmm®
quired in the outfitting of boys, do so to-day!, S: |iTo F q r uaH?y Br0a<iCl ° th: COl ° rS: I Sat « &^5? wUe'n Jo^sST * *** but appre "
nVFRrOATS 48c — Colored arj? Black Uatiste. an all-wool. j phdcft on a to' fc^?^.
UVtKtUAlb. soft clinging material, which plaits and shirra CORSET COATS. 5SswJ'<l
C3 0" Lrn? Oxford Overcoats, made in full length; I perfectly; a special value. ; g, Thlg is a specia i for Tuesday only
tBd.OD Wlth y elvtl P°i Ia " : a £ c * 5 t0 1T years. These tit ack r.RANTTF «lTTTTTMn«; \h ZiS and consists of a Tan Covert Cloth IKftl Ifi^S
o » uu actually sold for $o.00 a few days ago. oLALA UKANllh i>UlllNUt>. Corset Coat There are only fifty in r^^^a*'
~* /v- Eovs- Naval P^fers in doublt-breastPri «stvi M A reliable fabric that can be used for nearly t the lot. They are made of extra quality hand- mKx/T*9
0^ Thlt- have dembfi rowi of hri,^ hitttnn. J all dress purposes. We are showing very strong twist Tan Covert, and every seam is strapped; .^jSPrM&I'.
J3.V3 h con£l Ub T h inia%e^c C SSo'rlSJ I Val " e>> at r>Oc ' T7iV ' g1 -°" S1 '-' are collarless and satin lined throughout. JVM^'^
from 3 to 8 years. The regular price is $5.00 ' ~ ======== WAT<5T<5 Avfis«?aW®0l'l\
C* Aft Russian Overcoat., made of pure woolen Chevi- ' HOUSehold aild KitcheR UteHSils Thg J^luto are here in an end I V'^^PI ')
05.UU ots. AB *a 3 to S years. Reduced from 54.00. (In Basement) $1 45 £» "-arieTv?" nd ""da" wlVave' it '/
'c-TTTTq •>•- 82. Or. for a Carpet 'tOo- Brass Bird Case. h*a»-xw lected a style at SI. 45, which is A\ '/^«l»f 1 t3^sk '/,
oux-10. Sweeper, with japanned 45c— Sleeve Boards. made of a new fancy mixed waisting — so popu- V K Jt^K3l r tjC'%V -fpOk'f
<*- »m Eton Norfolk Suits in the very prettiest pat- trimminps; regular nOc— Sleeve Irons. lar and so much worn in the Eastern cities. The \ £::&$%'£& &'XV'*i$Si&<
\7 7^ terns and the newest styles produced this sea- ~¥ ri ?£- $2 -" 5 - ' •!»< — 4 dozen Clothespins. colors are black and white, green and white, blue V #Sfl&§JK^Vi«'it3KL
Wm»mV son Thev ordinarily sell for $4 00 - ?1.85 for a Wash HOc — One - Burner Gas an(J white, tan and white and red and white. Jbi\H£$lA?iZri\ -I* « «)
" ' I Wringer, with wood nnd Stove. They all have very pretty stocks, piped in con- flSlSiiSMf WfrP^jy
C5 iZ Bn >' s ' Three-Piece Suits, consisting of jacket, rubber springs; regular 27iv — 6 feet of Gas Tub- tra.sting colors. The cuffs are also piped. ; 3f*«3***
tl)t).4t) vcsl and knee tr o"sers. Ages 8 to 16 years. $2.55. ing. w e have other "w Kail Walst«s In nrire^
jT. They never sold for less than J5.00. j SI. 00 up — Gas Ovens. 18c up — Oil Cans. j ranging up to SS.03. ' :.-. \" ll Mil "^
ADVEKTJSiiaiEXTS. jin . rrir ,
y_ n __ fi __ t yjlj^j^ i^m^^^,»****^^^^*-+*l*^^^*>^****^^^**'* 1^^ -
A 1 Wirele$s Message
\*|t $12.00 and Upward
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
1 415 POST STREET.Warships at San Diego. •
SAN DIEGO. Sent. 19.— The United States
warship New York, flagship of the Pacific
squadron ; ; : the > protected ¦' cruiser : Bostcn, ; the
gunboaV Bennington and the collier Nero are
outside, this •- harbor. . \ The • torpedo- boat Paul
Jones ¦ arrived In port . this morning and got
the mill. It U expected that the fleet will
be met -here jby the Chicago, which Is' to"
relieve the New -York, which will proceed from
this 1 point - to the ' Brooklyn : navy yard. _ The
Paul: Jones will remain here 'to act as a dis
patch boat* between here and Magdalena Bay,*
where ? the . warships are to ; engage - la i tar
get practice.t|'3saj»*g|»a Ilijigl
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 10.—Fol
lowing - Is the official : list of candidates for
the; Stanford freshman football ' team, , which
wlir be submitted to California ¦" to-morrow : ,
Georcp C. Coe, A. E. ¦ Myers, ' R. Catlln, ' A."
Tomasinl, H.~ L. Horton, ; R. D. • Piageman,
R. T. Myers, William Kaemer, J. A. ; Gib
son, S. M. Vail, H. S. Wilson, B. Overman,
J. : R. Hanna, H. P. Blodgett.^N. R. Heyne
man, C. Chandler, R.' C. Ramsey, F. W. Dorr,
P. F. Valentine, E. D. ¦ Cole. R^ W, McElroy,
F. Vandervoort, L. Gay, -A. L. Kocker, A. . H.
Dols, "J. Cooney. G.*" G. Franklin. F. G. New
man. W. A. Summer, J.R. Pemberton, • A.''M.
Moody, K. * S. • Fentun. • A.-"L. Kearne, E. J.
Hadley,; R. H. Eookmeyer, H. M. 1 Haver, J. H.
Bcll.m. M; Ford," N. P. Bryan, U' Newland,
J. D. Woodard. ;«MMiftMtefe^Siei»s ¦ \
Cardinal Candidates Named.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— Terry. McQovern of
New York and Eddy Hanlon^of San Francisco
were, matched last night to fight ' six rounds
at catch • weights before the Industrial Athletic
Club, In Industrial Hall. Philadelphia,; on the
night of October 10. This Is the moat' Impor
tant match made between Uttle zatn In a long
time. ¦ . - - •
¦ Bob Deady represented -• Hanlbn In the ne
gotiations, ¦ while Sam Harris signed for Me-
Govern. - Terry will go into training . at once
at Estcrly. near Reading, Pa., under, the direc
tion of Joe Humphreys,; Harris" chief of .staff.
HANLON AND McGOVERN
SIGN FOR SIX-ROUND GO
little Fighters Will Meet Before In
dustrial Club of Philadelphia
Next Month.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— The action brought
several months ago by the Sacramento Electric.
Gas and " Railway ; Company against the State
of California to restrain the Prison Directors
or any of, the employes of the State Prison at
Folsom from Interfering with the flow of water
through the headgates of, the company at the
dam near Folsom was to-day decided by Su
perior 1 Judge J.- W.- Hughes In favor of the
electric company. . " ; .- .
Court Holds Officials Have No Right
to Interfere With the Flow of ;
, Folsom River.
PRISON DIRECTORS .IiOSERS
IN INJUNCTION ACTION
¦ &AN JOSE. Sept. 19. — About $5000 damage
was done by a flre in a warehouse In the rear
of the John Stock Sons' - hardware establishment
on South .First street this afternoon. The fir*
is supposed to be due to the'careless use of a
lighted ' candle by an employe. The loss Is
partly covered by Insurance.
2:07 pace, purse $1500. three Seats,' each
heat a race — Larry GInter won the second and
third heats In 2:07%. ¦ 2:07%; Paulino G won
the first heat In 2:06?;. Orton Maid, Bphynx,
Foxy Gurd. Sufree£ Nanarate, George S. Bed
worth Jr., Cubanola and Black Pet also started.
2:12 trot, three In 'Are heats, purse $1000—
Patchen Maid won the first,- third and fourth
heats In 2:09%, 2:11»4. 2:11%; KIrkwood Jr.
won the second heat In 2:10U- Katherine A
The Questor. Aerolite, Mary Gage and Baron
-Gale also started.' . - •
2:24 paco, purso' $2000,- three in five— Angus
won the three straight heats in 2:07}i 2-08 J i
2:03Vi. Perunai Famine and Winnie King also
started.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Sept. 19— Patchen Maid's
victory over Aerolite and Katherine A In the
2:12 trotting class was the feature of the
Grand Circuit meeting to-day. ; Summary: ; •:;•
Beats BqUi Aerolite, and Katherine A
in 2:12 Trotting Event at
Columbus. -'
PATCHEN MAID SHOWS
SHE HAS A LOT .OF SPEED
. SEATTLE, Sept. 19. — The fall harness meet-
Ing opened at The Meadows to-day, but owing
to the fact that all the horses entered in the
harness events had not arrived from Salem,
the. opening day's card was devoted exclusively
to , the runners. All harness events will be
dash races, the association having . decided ; to
abandon heat races* entirely this season. Sum
mary:
First race. »lx furlongs — Landseer won,
Rlmrock second. Vlnce third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Young
Pepper won. Eld red second, Jerry Flanagan
third. Time.' 1:08. , ,
Third race, six furlongs — Hipponax -won,
Frank Pearce second, Estado third. Time,
1:15. . . . ¦¦','..
Fourth race, sev«n furlongs — Phyz won,
Lord" Eldred second. Suburban Queen third.
Time, 1:27%.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Bummer won, Alice
Carey second, Titus third. Time, .1:00%. .
Sixth race, -one mile — The Stewardess won.
Leash second, Tom Hawk third. Time,
1:41 Vi.
Contests Between Running Horses
. Make .Up the Entire Card for
Use First Day.
SEATTLE FALL MEETING
OPENS AT THE MEADOWS
REDDING, Sept. 19.— The Board of Super
visors was stopped this morning from awarrtiy
a J15.0CO emergency contract for the" repair of
the* Redding free bridge to the Burrell Con
struction Company of San Francisco by a pe
tition of a taxpayer for a writ of review. The
Supervisors then called for competitive bids.
The proposed awarding of the contract ' under
the emergency clause caused much bitter oppo
sition throughout ¦ the county. a *
Awarding of Bids Is Stopped.
HANFORD; ' Sept. 19.— Commissioners P. J.
Van Loben Sels of Sacramento, E.W. 8. W*oods
of Stockton and " J. W. Dutton of Colllnsvllle,
and members , of the River Drainage and Im
provement ' Association, visited Tulare Lake
Saturday. Engineers IV G. Dabney of Missis
sippi and II. M. Chittenden and I. B. Richard
son of Louisiana, all of the United States army,
.were with them. They were , amazed at the
vast net's and productiveness of this section and
said the question of drainage was not a great
problem, but one that demands united work bfc
the people. .-The country,- they said, can be
made Into a paradise. ,
Officials Amazed at the Vastness and
Productiveness of, Land Near
Tularo Lake.
DRAINAGE PROBLEM SIMPLE,
>- SAY THE COMMISSIONERS
First race— Auditor, Ijetola, Major
Pelham.
Second race — Olseau, Bedonln,
Handzarra.
Third race— Armenia. Letola, Coun
terpoise.
Fourth race— Rowe'g entry, Or
monde's Right, Dandelion. .
Fifth race— Santa Catalina, Myopia,
Raiment.
Sixth race— Sals, tStuyve, Midship
man.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 19. — Timothy Lynch,
the man who swore to a warrant for the ar
rest'of Pete Lopex on a charge of highway
robbery, has appealed to the law for protection
against the friends of the man he accuses. He
declares that he dares not stay In the vicinity
of Mount Olivet, where he and Lopez picked
hops, because the friends of the latter have
threatened to kill him. 'While Lynch was in
town swearing to the warrant his camp was
burglarized.
Fears Friends of His Enemy.
First race — Togo, Eflle M, Raviana.
Second race— rSchwnrovald, XJngo,
John E, Owens.
Third race— Port Royal, , Ananias,
Fonsoluca.
Fourth race — Shawana, Magistrate,
Gretror K. ~ . „ ' •
Fifth race— Belle Kinney, . Subtle,
Moorish Damsel.
Sixth race— Big Ben. Nannie Hodge,
White Plume.
Seventh race— Dr. Stephens, • Sing
ing Master, Louisville.
Condition of the track — Good.
By Chicago Inter Ocean.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Sept. 10.— The Japan
ese tare planning a great farming and indus
trial colony in the Canadian Northwest. Two
days ago a party of Japanese business men
arrived from Yokohama and spent seme time
looking around this country. They propose
to purchase a large tract of land and when
that Is done will probably apply for a further
grant from the Government. They will then
bring several thousand to this coast to set
tle on the lands under a common coloniza
tion scheme.
Japanese Plan a Colony.
Great Show Horse Is Dead.
BCITUATE, Mass., Sept. 19. — Glorious Flying
Cloud. Thomas W. Lawson's famous show
horse, is dead. The end came very suddenly
and the veterinary eurreons are unable to
state the cause. The stallion, for which I*aw
son paid $12,000 before the horse was trained,
was 9 years old and had a record of having
never been beaten at a horse show. He won
the championship single, double and tandem
at several great shows, including those at
Boston and New York.
REGISTRATION TO DATE. — The total reg
istration up to last Eaturday night was 67,698.
Four years ago- tha figures reached but o7,SS4,
showing a gain of more than 10,000.
Fair Plajers Put Up Splendid Exhibi
tion of Tennis, Which Proves
Close Throughout.
The final match of the second series which
«raa not finished on the park tennis court*
Eaturday afternoon was completed yesterday.
Ta« ccr.irstar.ts were Miss Anabelle Vodden
aad Miss Worcester. Each had won a set and
tbe score stood 7 — 7 in the third set when
4arknets caused a postponement. The third
set iv-as played over yesterday afternoon and
resulted In a victory for Miss Voddea. Th»
score cf the cet. which was a deuce one,
•hows how evenly matched the two young
ladies are. The- score was 7 — 5. This Js Miss
Vodden's second victory and the racket which
«u to be won twice goes to her permanently.
Both young ladles played good tennis con
¦I6er!&£ their limited experience and will be
heard from In ih« future.
Healdsburg growers, who are In a vicinity
where independent wineries abound, are re
ceiving $IC from the wineries. At Cloverdale
arid Gcy«rvllle there are nothing but associa
tion wineries; and the grower has either to sell
his crop to them or haul to Healdsburg, a ills
tance of sixteen miles.
SANTA ROSA. ScDt. 19. — Dissatisfaction Is
stirring the wine grape growers of the northern
part of Sonoma County. They are up against
the California Wine Association, which Is only
offering them $13 for their crop, and compell
ing them to accept their money In three install,
ments. Two of these become payable in three
and six months after the delivery of the crop.
Last season the growers ; of that vicinity
talked of forming a co-operative company and
erecting, a winery of their own, but they did
not act quickly enough, and then it was real
ized that the winery could not be got ready
for the crop of that year. At the present time
it Is probable that they will take active
measures to establish a winery of their Ipwn
for next season's vintage.
Complain of Methods of Association
nnd Smallness of Price Offered
¦" J* for Crop.
GROWERS OF WINE GRAPES
SHOWING DISSATISFACTION
MISS VODDEN* BEATS 3QSS
WORCESTER OX PARK COURT
VANCOUVER, Sept. 10. — Joseph Nuccl.
sited 40. to-day nbot and killed Daisy Capel
lo, aeed 1C, because she would not marry
him. He then turned the revolver on him
self and fell dead beside her.
"Nay" of a Miss of 16 Cause of
a Double Tragedy in
Vancouver.
SLAYS GIRIi WHO REFUSED
HIM AND KILLS HIMSELF
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race — Bugle Horn, Lookaway,
Check Morgan.
Second race*— Piller, Bavarian, MI
lam's entry.
Third race — Athena, Extol, Dr.
Kier.
Fourth race— Commodore, Foot
light's Favorite, Pretension.
Fifth race— Atlas, Dargln, Laura
Hunter.
Sixth race— Broodier, Alcom R, St.
Simonian.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
Fourth race, one mile? purse — Magistrate 90,
Shawana 91, Katie Powers . 94, Thane 95,
Gre«or K 99, Ahola 99, Judge Himes 102.
Fifth race, four and a' half furlongs, purse —
Bashford Belle 92. Lady Wllmot 92, Odelot 02,
Martin Doyle 95, Kid Weller 95, Gallant Cassle
97, A, Muskoday 100, Subtle 102, Philanthro
pist r02. Exalted 105, Sllverskln 105, Moorish
Damsel 107. Lady Ellison 107, Broadway Girl
107. Belle Kinney 112.
Sixth race, six furlongs, purse— Gypzene 05,
Npnnle Hodge J)8 Soufriere 101. .White Plume
10.1. Americano 107. Avenger 108, Big Ben 111.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles — Ex
central 97, Alamode 91, Annora J 92. La
Chaperone 02, Singing Master 94, Great East
ern 94, Ben Heywood 90, Sarilla 07, Louisville
100, Jusque La 101, Benson Caldwell 102, Dr.'
Stephens 103. Sir Hugh 105, Mr. Farnuni 105,
The Way 106.
Second race, steeplechase, short course —
Cherokee • Lass 125, Dominique You 125, Dag
mar 125, Allegiance 11T7, Class Leader 130,
Royal Pirate 130, John E. Owens 133. Mrs.
Grannan 138, Schwarzwald 138, Lingo 138. %
¦ Third race, one mile, purse — Kleinwood 89,
Spcncerian' 92, Father Tallent 93, Stroller 88.
Fcnsoluca 96, Ananias 101,' Port Royal 10S.
First race, five furlongs — Tarcoola Belle 100,
Green Rose 100. Effle M «100, Raviana 100,
Vlldo 105, Bass Wood 105, Happy Jack 103,
Waddell II 103, Togo 108, Free Booter 113.
Clydeo 113.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19. — Following are the en
tries for to-morrow at Harlem
HARLEM ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Seot. 19.— Following are the
entries for to-morrow at Gravesend: »
First race, six furlongs, selling — Mounte
bank 109. Major Pelham 109, Dapple Gold 10C,
Vagary 100. Little Em 106, Auditor 106, Monet
105, Bob Murphy 103. Shipshape 102, Belle
of Portland 102. Missing Link 101, Tol San
100. Funnyside 08, Letola 98, Casclne J»8, Can
teen 98, Geranium 93, Liberia 93. Seymour
93.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse,
two-year-olds — Olaeau 117, Candida 114, Hand
zarra 103. Blandy 112, Jim Beattio 112, Pasa
dena 112. Metropole 112, Sir Brlllar 112,
Heart's Desire 104, Linda Lee 102. Galllo 102,
Wayward Lass 109. Pelham 99, Workman
112, White Stone 102, Amberjack 107, Bedouin
107.
Third race, about six furlongs, selling. The
Bayshore Stakes^ — Ascension 104, Sweet Alice
103, Arsenal 10.'!, Counterpoise 103 Dick Ber
nard 102, Armenia 90, Old England 98, King
Pepper 98. Isblana 94, Letola 94.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Colonial Girl 117, Hurst Park 117, First
Mason 128. Ormonde's Right 110, St. Valen
tine 105, Mabel Richardson 104, Sonoma Belle
OS, Flexion 99. Andrew Mack 97, Dandelion
l»o. (Colonial Girl and First Mason, Rowe
entry.)
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse, two-year
olds — Maud Fealy 110, Santa Catalina 110,
Steel Trap 110, Lucy Young 110 Jennie Mc-
Cabe 110, Simplicity 110. Floralia 110. My
opia 110, Nellie Russell 110, Prude 110, Witch
Hazel 110. Raiment 110. Miss M C S 110,
Rosemary Kane 110.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, 'sell
ing—Stuyve 108, Flexion 107, Brooklynlte 106,
Pais 104. Reveille 102, ! Merry Pioneer ' 102
Topic 102. Akela 98, Lem Reed 08, Dr. Loder
99, Ikkl 07, Gay Lothario 97, Montebank 100
Gansevoort 95, Midshipman 92.
Weather clear; track fast.
GRAVESEXD ENTRIES.
It vas decided that the pennant gi\'en by
the Jate Edward Brown be presented at a
saneraJ social meetlnr of members of all the
clubs to the representatives of the club that
wins the championship of 1904.
At a meeting of the California Cricket As
sociation beid last eight in this city there
*-ere present Captain Jchn Metcalfe, first vice
president. . la the chair; Henry Ward and T.
J. A. Tiedemann. vice presidents; Dr. O. N.
Taylor, delegate of the Pacific Cricket Club,
and Henry Roberts, delegate of the San Fran
cisco County Cricket Club. The sum of S35 from
the funds of the association was voted to liqui
date the amounts due to the groundkeeper and
others. Henry WErd. vice president, and Ar
thur Inkersley. secretary of the association,
m-ere appointed a committee to draw up a
act of resolutions regatdlng the late Edward
Brown, for several years president of the as
fociation.
Champion-hip Pennant Will Be Pre
sented to Winnins CInb at a
Social Gathering.
SEVENTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds: purae:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
lOtol— Siss Lee. 112 (Wilson).. 3 1111
9 to 2— LleutRice. 106 (Robbins) 6 2& 2 8H
8 to 5— Envoy. Ill (Nicoi) 4 3h 3 3%
Time, 1:03 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, SftC. Hildreth's c. f. Odd Fellow-
Levee. *DlxeIle 108, Handy Bill 111, Dixie An
drews 104. Bishop Poole 107. Yuga 103,
finished as named.
CRICKETERS ATTEXI>
ASSOCIATION* 3IEETIXG
The Police Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday granted the San Francisco
Club a permit to hold a professional boxing
contest on September 30. The Bay City Club
received a permit to hold an amateur show
on September 27 and a permit was also Issued
t3 the Hayes Valley Club to hold an amateur
exhibition on October 11.
Three Boxing Permits Granted.
PORTLAND, Sept. 19. — Overall and the other
Tigers ate up the Brownies to-day by a score
of 4 to 1. Again was the cry raised against
Umpire Brown. In the third Inning Doyle
was down and Brown, Instead of calling Bhee
han out on strikes, kept him In feont of Iberg
until he hit a drive to Thielman, which was
muffed. This put Iberg on dlizy street and
Nordyke. Eagan and Lynch smashed out
singles, one after another. . that netted two
rune. Score:
Portland — 1 Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P. A-I AB. R. H. P. A.
Drnen.cf 4 0 0 1 OiDoyle.rf. 5 0 0 2 0
Thelm.2b 4 0 10 4 Phehn,3b 5 10 2 3
Hurly.lb 4 0 1 11 lJNrdyk,lb 5 2 2 9 2
Ndeau.lf 4 0 13 O Kagan.ss 3 0 113
Beck,3b. 4 112 2;Lynch,ef 4 1110
Clynes.rf 3 0 13 1 Casey.2b 3 0 3 4 0
Weed.ss. 2 0 12 2 MLghn.lf 4 0 110
Stlman.c 3 0 0 5 1 Grahm.c. 4 0 17 1
Iberg.p.. 3 0 0 0 4 Overall.p 4 0 O 0 3
Totals 31 1 6 27 15 Totals 37 4 9 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ' 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 0 -O 2 0 0 3 0 1— C
Tacoma O 0 2 0 1 O 1 0 0 — i
Base hits 1 2 3 0 10 11 0—9
SUMMARY.
Errors— Thielman. (2). Hurley. Weed (2).
dynes, Eteelman, Iberg. Sacrifice hit — Eagan.
Earned runs — Portland 1. Tacoma 1. Stolei)
b&ses^ — Lynch, Nadeau, Ciynes. Bases on balls
— Off Iberg 1. off Overall 1. Struck out — By
lbcrg 4, by Overall 6. Two-base hits — Eagan,
Beck. L-ft on bases — Portland 4. Tacoma 6.
Double play — Graham to Casey. Time of
game — One hour and fifty minutes. Umpire —
Brown.
Brownies Barely Succeed In Making
One Lone Run.
OVERALL STARS OXCE MORE.
First race, on« mile and seventy yards, tell
ing—North Wind 108, Darcy 105, Topsoll 105.
Sanctis8tma 105, Pyrrho 100, Bugle Horn 96,
Lyrist 96, Bradly Bill 95, Torlo 95, Getchel 90.
Lookaway 90, Check Morgan 90.
Second race, five furlongs, maidens — Judge
¦Brady 108, St. Flour 108, Shadow Prince 108,
Tullatuskee. 108, Ara 10S. Bavarian 105, Terns
Roe 105. Mr. Wlxson 105, Piller 105. ( (SL
Flour and Brady, Mllam entry. } . '
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Mamselle 106. Dr. Kler 103. Extol 103.
Second Mate 10S, Albany Girl 102,* Sigmund
102. First' One 101. Howling Dervish 100,
Athena 94,.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap—Com
modore 115, Kindred 107, Barklylte 104. Pre
tension 100. Footlight's Favorite 95, Tower 95.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, purse — Laura
Hunter 100, Glennevls 104, Potente 101, Canyon
101. Dargln 98, Tom Kiley 95. St. Agnes II 95,
Atlas 95, Algonquin 95, Responsive 95.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling— Broodier 105, Miracle II 100, St.
Slmonlan 100, Sister Lillian 100, Strader 98,
Burke Cochran 95, Reglna D 95, Compass 95,
Hucena 90, Chapalla 90, Alcom R 85.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19.— Following ar« th« en
tries for to-morrow at Delmar:
DEL3IAR ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: threa-ycar-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
r, to 1— Atlas. 96 (Seder) 2 lh 12
S to 1— Evnlng Star, 109 (D.Astn) 4 4 h 2 h
9 to 1— Dusky, 100 (McLaughlln) 1 2 3 3 6
Time. 1:22. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. Schwaacher*s b. t. (3) bjj Huron-Ar
mlel. Jerry Hunt 100, Bensonhurst 105, fin
ished as named.
Boston Champions Take a Tumble
When They Face Plank of the
Athletics. "
8TANDINO OF THB CLUBS. v
(National League.) I (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New- Tork .99 35 .739 New Torlc ..81 50 .618
Chicago 80 52 .6W Boston 8153.604
Pitsburg 77 52 .697 Philadelphia .7.1 54.573
Cincinnati ..73 79 .553 Chicago 78 53 .574
St. Louis ..65 67 .492 Cleveland ..70 61.534
Brooklyn ...49 85 .368 St. Lcuis ..57 75 .4.".2
Boston 46 88 .343: Detroit 56 76 .420
Philadelphia .42 93 .311 'Washington .32100.242
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19. — St. Louis and Cleve
land split even here to-day in a double header.
St. Louis took the first game after fifteen inn-
Ings when two men had been retired. The
first game was a Ditchers' battle between
Bemhard and Sudhoff, In which the latter did
the better work. Attendance, 1400. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 15 1
Cleveland 4 10 3
Batteries — Sudhoff and Sugden; Bemhard
and Bemls.' .
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 ft 0
Cleveland 2 7 1
Batteries — Pelty and Kahoe: Joss and Ost
dlck.
BOSTON. Sept. 19.— Failure to hit Plank
and poor playing by Boston gava Philadelphia
to-day's game. Attendance. 7900. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 9 0
Boeton 13 3
Batteries — Plank and Xoonan; Tannehill and
Crlger.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19.— Detroit could do noth
ing with Whit* to-day. Attendance, 3400.
Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 R O
Detroit 0 2S
Batteries — White and Sullivan; Kltson and
Drill.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 19.— New York made
a succession of hits in the first and fourth
Innings. Attendance. 1000. Score: •
R, H. E.
Washington 3 8 1
New Tork 4 9 ~1
Batteries — Townsend and Clarke; Powell and
McGulre.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 19.— SuthofTs pitch-
Ing and good fielding gave the locals another
victory. Attendance, 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Boeton 2 11 1
Philadelphia 4 9 1
Batteries — Pittlnger and Needham; Suthoff
and Dooln.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three -year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Pourqul Pas. 100 (H.Ansn) 3 18 17
6 to 1— Mildred L, 04 (Seder) 2 2 3 2 8
2 to 1— Mainspring:. 103 (Rice)... 1 8 2 3 30
Time, 1:57%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. K. Hughes' b. m. (4) by Iroquois-Ella
Blackburn. Blissful 102, also ran. .
ST. LOUIS BATS OUT
VICTORY IN* FIFTEENTH
As an illustration of this, Seattle had
four runs as compared with two for
San Francisco at the end of the third,
yet San Francisco had eight hits as
compared to three for Seattle. Almost
every inning brought a tie score or a
narrow lead for one side or the other.
Joe Corbett went In at the end of the
seventh, and in the ninth, with the
score a tie, he hit Frisk, who was sac
rificed to second. A wild pitch sent him
to third and he scored on Murphy's sin-
Seattle— 1 San P*rancl9c<v— . ,
AB.R- H. J».A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHlt.cf 5 118 0 VnBrn.lb 6 1 3 12 0
Mohlr.2b -42104 Hildbr.lf 4 1 3 41
Blnkn.rf 5 13 11 Wldrn.cf 4 12 2 1
Frisk, If 3 1 1 4 0 Meany.rf 8 1110
DIhnt,3b 2 2 110 Irwin,3b 5 12 12
Mrphy.lb 5 12 5 1 Andsn,2b 5 12 2 2
Hall, es 4 1 1 4 3lGochr.ss 5 1^0 1 1
Wilson.c 3 12 3 3 I^ahy, c 4 1 3 2 2
C. Hall, p 4 0 10 3 Barber.p 4 13 0 3
Corbett.p 10 0 0 0
Totals. 35 10 13 27 15
1 Totals. 43 9 19*25 12
•Winning run made with one out.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 4 10 0 4 0 1—10
Base hits 0 0311151 1—13
San Francisco ...0 0222012O— 9
Base bits 3 14 3 2 0 2 8 1—19
SUMMARY.
Errors — R. Hall. Wilson, Gochnauer, Van
Buren. Anderson. Earned runs — Seattle 5. San
Francisco 5. Two-ba*e hits — Mohler, Mur
phy, Leahy. Three- base hit!*— Wilson. Dele
hanty. Barber, Meany, Hildebrand. Sacrifice
hit — Delehanty. Stolen bases — Blankenshtp,
Frisk. Hildebrand. Double plays— Hall.
Mohler and Murphy: Blankenshlp and Wilson:
Hildebrand and Leahy. Bases on balls — Oft
I?. Hall 3. off Barber 4. Struck out— By C.
Hall 2. Hit by pitched ball — Frisk, Mohler
<both by Corbettt). Wild pitch— By Corbett.
Innlnirs pitched— Barber 7. Hits— Off Barber
11. off Corbett 2. Barber's opponents at bat —
32. Time of game 2 hours and 15 minutes.
Umpire — McCarthy. *
SEATTLE, Sept. 19.— Seattle managed
to win from San Francisco to-day In
the last of the ninth. It was a hard
hitting and good fielding game from
start to finish, with luck favoring the
home team on run gluing in proportion
to hits. /
W. L. Pct.j W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. 29 1« .(KHISan Fran ...2.1 27 .-180
Taeoma S» 23 .5."S Portland 22 29 .431
Seattle 27 26 .510:Oakland 23 31 .426
STANDING OF THB CLUBS.
Deciding course — L. Beronio's Rofala (Moon
<5>ne II-Lady Jane) beat C. A. Bonnar's Wild
Norah iReyal Crest-Dawn). 2$-0.
Second round — Flaunt beat Golden Fortune,
5-2: Little IJainty beat Yellowtail, 3-0; Run
• *ay Actress beat Apple Blossom. 11-5; Aur
*iia beat Remli>s» Animo. 4-3; Golden Light
l^fct Texas Betty. 4-1; Mi Amigro beat Texas
Hoo Hoo. 7-2; Sofala beat Pagltacel, 3-0:
Ready Address beat Trevathan. 4-0; Wild
N'orah a bye; Mellcnwood beat Rusty Anchor,
»-5; Honest John beat Tom Llpton, 11-5; Royal
Spirit beat decretive. C-2.
Third round— LtitJe Dainty beat Flaunt. S-3;
Aurella »»ffat Runaway Actress, 3-2; Ml Araigo
best OolUen Lipht. 20-S; £o!ala beat Ready
Address T.-2; Wild Xorah beat Mellenwood.
4-:t; Royal Spirit beat Honest John, 7-O. -
fourth round— Little Dainty beat Aurella.
*-4; £ofala a bye; Wild Norah beat Royal
ej>irH, 10-5.
Fifth round— Sofala beat Little Dainty, 11-7;
Wild Xorah a bye.
First round — Flaunt beat Texas Jim, *-l;
Go!4en Fortune b«a.t Craig- Lad. -3-2; Yellow
tail boat Rushaway, 4-0; Little Dainty beat
Kur«I Artist. 7-4; Runaway Actre«» beat
Areodh. 12-4: Apple Blossom beat John
H»>*n»n. 5-O; Retnlwo Animo beat Liberator.
5-1; AurHia beat Fiddler. 4-2; Golden Light
beat n W. 7-6; Texas Betty beat Peter Mr-
Intyre. 7-1; Hi Amiga beat Angus Cisnus. 4-3;
Texas Hoo Hoo beat F^crlfM Lad, 3-2; Pagll
acci beat Hermit. 4-3: Sofala beat Ina Cissus,
4-2; Ready Addrrsa beat Eva G, &-3; Treva
than beat Sky Van. 4-1: Wild Norah beat
Silver <"loud. 7-4; maze beat Amandan. 19-6;
Rusty Anchor, a bye: Mellenwood beat Co*
«tte. 4-3; Honest John beat Confident. 8-7;
Tom Liplon%bcat Mies Domestic. 10-3; Royal
Spirit beat Texas Black Lies, J>-0; Secretive
beat .' « '.;'!«. 7-1.
Little Dainty showed up well. She
won four courses and succumbed to the
rtake winner in the fifth round.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Pofala ran a remarkable course when
the defeated Wild Norah in the final of
the special stake at Union Coursing
Park yesterday. The fast daughter of
Moondyne II ran up a total of twenty
¦ix points without allowing her oppo
nent to score. Try as she would. Wild
Norah could not get possession of the
The talent was given a hard Jolt In
the second round when Flaunt beat
Gcldtn Fortune at long odds. Again in
the third round they freely laid 3 to 1
against Wild Xorah in her course with
Mellenwood. The wise players were
strictly out of line on this race, as Wild
Xorah led her opponent to the hare,
¦cored the first turn and won decisive
ly. Numerous other short ends at small
odfls landed for the pikers. Mi Amlgo,
¦which was runping in excellent form,
was withdrawn in the fourth round on
account of having a severe trial in the
previous round with Ready Address.
They ran for over two minutes, and
when the carne v.as killed both dogs
were exhausted.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 1.— St. Louis golf
ers to-day captured eleven places In the
36-hole qualifying round of the Olym
pian' golf championship, two former
world's fair city golfers, Ralph McKit
trlck and Stuart Stickney of the Coun
try Club, tying at 163 for the gold
medal honors. Chicago players, headed
by former "Western Champion Walter
B. Egan of Exmoor, finished ten strong
in the. circle of thirty-two eligible for
match play In the first round to-mor
row.
F. C. Newton of Seattle, the Pacific
Coast star, who recently gained a place
in the national tournament as far as
the, second round, totaled 164 for his
day's task of thirty-six holes, meeting
with Just enough hard luck in the aft
ernoon round of eighty-four to deprive
him of the elaborate trophy offered by
the Olympian committee for the best
qualifying score. A. C. Mclntosh of
Pueblo, Colo., failed to qualify, his
score being 207.
As arranged now the backs are: Sper
ry. full: Snedigar, right half; Kern, left
half; Klttrelle, quarter. Snedigar was
substitute right half on last year's var
sity. Kern was right half of his fresh
man team and Kittrelle right half on
the second eleven. As the season ad
vances these men are likely to be
changed, but it seems now that Coach
Hopper is pretty well satisfied with the
make-up.
Sperry, the youth who has been such
a surprise on the gridiron, is a positive
find for the varsity. Hi3 showing makes
It easy now to fill a breach that was a
puzzler for the coaches. Sperry is big
enough for the position and has all the
weight and spirit and dash that go to
make a good player. His style is a good
deal like that of Weller, whose work
for Stanford last year was so telling.
The most significant move of the
football year at the University of Cali
fornia was taken to-day, when Coach
James Hopper changed to fullback on
the varsity eleven Sperry. the big
freshman" lad from Modesto, who fig
ured so prominently aa a back In the
late Freshman-Oakland game. The
move la significant not only because It
brings to the front a very promising
player, but also brings about some
changes in the line that were not
looked for.
Putting Sperry at fullback mean*
that Force- and Stern were candl-,
dates ,for that position, having filled it
last year, will remain on the line, prob
ably as right tackle and right guard,
respectively, where they have been prac
ticing all along this season. This then
will force out of the varsity or into an
other place either Howard, last year's
left tackle, or Gray, right guard on last
year's second eleven. It is possible that
one of these men will be placed at left
end, as the eleven is weak in the ma
terial that has been tried out for that
place sv< far.
Taking into consideration these
changes, the line-up of the team ought
to be as follows: Stroud, center; Stern,
right guard; Heitmuller, left guard;
Force, right tackle; Howard or Gray,«
left tackle: Oliver, right end; Howard.
Gray or Henry, left end. Heitmuller has
not got into the game yet and Gray is
playing in his place, but as soon as
"Heine" arrives there will- be a changs
in the line, as indicated.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214* Center Street, Sept. 19.
Joe Corbett's Wildness Lets
" In the Winning Run Dur
ing Final Inning of Day
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling: three-year-olds and uo:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. «4 Fin.
8 to 5— Grey Friar. 106 (W. Davis) 3 12 11
9 to 0 — Eagle, 100 (Kunz) 1 2 1^20
G to 1 — Jane Holly, 96 (Fallahan) 5 5 1^3 5
Time, l:4S2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's fix. g. by St. George-
Una B. Hydrangea, Cottage Maid, Waswift,
Pentaur, Locket, Brunswick, finished as
named. • .,
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlong*;
selling; two- year-olds :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Thirty-Third, IO4 (Crimns 4 1 1>$1 2
9 to 2 — Danseuse, 97 (W. Da-vis) 1 2 4 2 6
9 to 2— Niblick. 101 (Travers) . '. . . 2 4 J,4 3 %
Time. 1:07 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. S. 8. Brown's br. f. by Sir Dixon-
High Degree. Confessor, Hlidebrand, Eccen
trical, Wild Irishman, King Cole, Rose Mary
Kane. Roycroft, Indian Star, Ivanhoe, High
life, finished as named.
Time, 2:00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. N. Bennington's ch. f. by Octagon-Bella
Dcnna, Pulsus, Ort Wells, finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
the First Special: three-year-olds and up:
Bctttng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Beldame. 114 (O'Neil).... 1 1 4 ,1 1%
5 to 1 — Caughnawagaf 128 (Odm) 2 2 h 2 3
3 to 1— Stalwart. 117 (Redfern).. 3 4 2 3 10
THIRD RACE — About six furlonw; The
Junior Chamoion: two-year-olds:
Betting, Horsi\ Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
1 to 3— Sysonby, 127 (Redfern)... 2 14 13
1 to 3— Wild Mint, 117 (Shaw).. 4 25 2 1
5 to 1— Cairngorm, 110 (Lyne)... 1 3n 3h
Time, 1:09 2-6. Start good. Won eaally.
Winner. J. R. Keene's b. c. by Melton-Optl
mo. Hot Shot. Jonquil, finished as named.
SECOND RACK— About two and a half
mile*; The Hitchcock Steeplechase Handicap;
three-year-olds and upward:
Hetting-, Kcrse, Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Royelle 140 (Veitch* 8 3 5 11%
6 to 1— DaffyD.D. 135 (Roberts).. 7 13 2 1
3 to 2— Fcxhunter, 165 (Ray) 4 2 8 3 20
Time. 4:58 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, Mr. Chamblett's br. g. by Hermence-
Vls-a-Vis. ZInzibar, Maiden. Nancy D, De
livery. The Ragged Cavalier, finished as
named.
GRAVESEND, N. Y n Sept. 19. —
Twenty thosuand persons saw 'the
grand race mare Beldame win the
first special to-day. It was "her thir
teenth start and eleventh victory this
year, her only two defeats being when
she ran third in the Metropolitan
handicap at one mile, won by Irish
Lad, and second to Hermis in the Test
handicap at one mile 'at .Brighton. In
both these races Beldame was ad
judged by all observers to have had
hard luck. In the Metropolitan she
was ridden by an apprentice, A. Bre'n
nan, and was much" knocked about.
In the Test handicap she was in the
pocket for more than half a mile.
Her conqueror, Hermis, has not run
since that race and has been retired
for the year. Irish Lad, too, is in re
tirement.
More than $50,000 has been won by
Beldame this year. As she has landed
at all distances and on both dry and
muddy tracks and against the best
horses whose owners would run
against her, it cannot be denied that
she is fairly entitled to being called
"Queen of the Turf." <
FIRST RACE — About six furlongs; handi
cap; all ages: >
Kettlng, Hors*-, Weigh*. Jockey, St. *i Fin.
13 to 10— L Amelia, 125 (Redfrn) 6 13 1 1>,4
7 to 2— Leonldas, 115 (O'Neil). 1 2 6 2 4
15 to 1— Gay Boy, 123 (CKelly).. 5 4 1 3 n
Time, 1:0ft 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, E. R. Thomas' br. f. by Ben Brush-
La Colonla. Damon, Shot Gun. Toscan, Dtvir
nation. Councilman, finished ai named.
Golden Fortune Is 3Iade a
Prohibitive Favorite and
She Fails Her Backers
Youngster Who Figured
Prominently in the "Baby"
Game Is Given a Place
World's Fair Stars Capture
Eleven Places in the 36
Hole Qualifying Round
FOURTH RACE— F1t« furlong*; maiden
two-year-old* : >
Bettinj. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. «i Fin.
Even— Borak, 108 (W. Dugan).. 6 14 14
4 to 1— Ethel's Pride 108 (Howel) 4 2 2 2 2
3 to 1— Korea, 101 (Austin) 8 8 2 3 3
Time, l:07U. Start good. Won easily.
Winner.,' J. K. Hughes' br. f. by Topgallant-
Aola Lala. Banner Bella 108, Passive 108,
Sonya 102. Clara Dee 108. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
10 to 1— Major Carpentr.96(Seder) 4 1 % 1 2
4 to 1— Vulcaln. 105 (Anderson). 5 3 2 2 hi
3 to 2— Lady Contrary, 107(Glltt) 12 4 3 1
Time, 1:21 ?i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A. H. Pendleton's ch. g. (3) by Russell-
Morna. King Fox II 96, Lacache 107. Little
Corker 107, Lovable 107. Bird Pond 9ft, fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE— Flv» furlongs; maiden two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
3 to 5— Mabl 8imms, 108 (Roach) 2 3 1 1 ns
20 to 1— Flying Fire, 100 (Connell) 5 5 8 2 4'
6 to 1— Katie Crew 108 (Willms) 4 14 3 6
Time, l:OU%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, T. B. Fitzgerald & Co.'s ch. f. by Pi
rate of Penzance-Fashionable. Triumphtress
108, Lucky Pick 108. Cotta Stone 108, finished
as named. . :• ' •
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 19.— The fourth
race originally carded for to-day .was
declared off and the second race
split. Borak won the feature in a
common canter from Ethel's/ Pride:
The track was very heavy. Weather
threatening. Attendance 3500.' Sum
maries: s .
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden three
year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4tol — Tcm Rowe, 105 (Dugan).. 6 24 14
» to 1— Orla, 105 (H. Anderson).. 4 3 2 2 m
7 to 2— Lookaway. 105 (Rice) 2 4 3 S3
Time. 1:22>£.. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Huffman's b. g. by ¦ Sllgo-Etta Gllroy.
Bustler 105, Fanette 105. Modoc 105, Maid of
the Order 105,' Tametto 105. finished as named.
Bceclal Dispatch to Tha Call.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; thre«-year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Julia M, 100 (Aubuchon) 3 In 12
3 to 1— T.O'Shanter.lOKS'mster) 6 2 2 2 9
8 to 1— My Alice, 100 (Pleratt). .2 48 83<i
Time, 1:15 2-5 Start fair. Won easily.
JVinner, S. W. Street & Co.'s cr. f. (3) Harvest
rarown Cactus. I The Fog 104, San R«mo 103,
Norel 100, finished aa named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles ;
four-year-olds and up; selling :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Gloriosa. 103 (Tooman).. 2 14 1 3*4
7 to 2 — D.L.Moore,102 (Seamster)l 2 8 2}i
6 to 1— LoulevllIe,9S (Aubuchon) 6 5 13 4
Time. 1:52 3-5. Start fair. Won cantering.
Winner, C. E. Durnell's ch. f. (4) Hastings-
Glory. Curate 111, Carat 108, Paramount 107,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Fall Han
dicap; two-year-olds: •
Betting. Horre, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Cigarllghter, 108 (Knap) 4 5 4 12
8 to 1 — One Way, 104 (Mountain) 6 4 h 21
7 to 1— Bowl Bridge, 105 (Nlcol).. 2 2^34
Time, 1:30 3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. M. D. Miller's blk. c. by Lamp-
Hgtoter-The Empress. La Londe 112, Loretta
M 110, No Trumper 107, Regale 104, finished
as named. *
Time. 1 :0a 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. R. Hitchcock Jr.'s b. c. by Ham
burg-Sister Stella, :. Kate Zltt 112, Grace El
liott 112, Marraont 115, finished as named. \
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds: • • . . •
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey* St. % Fin.
Even— The Novice, 112 (Henty) 1 12^18
9 to 2— La Sagltte. 104 (Mountn) 5 4 % 2 7
15 to 1— Torpedo, 108 (Hotherse!) 4 6 h 3 %
Second race, handicap steeplechase, short
course, declared off.
FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Hone. Weight, Jockey. . St. % Fin.
0 toi— Plckaway, 101 (Xlcol)... 6 3 1. lh
17 to 5— Beau, and Best. 10ft (Mtn) 6 112 4
6 to 1— The Forum. 104 (Lawren) 3 4^33
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won driving. A. J.
Jackson's ch. g. (4) by Plccolo-Marcella by
Grlnstead. Josttte 10G, The Hawaiian 101,
Cleora 101, Fox Mead 100, finished as named.
CHICAGO, Sept. 19. — M. D. Miller's
Cigarlighter won the Fall handicap,
the feature of get away day at Haw
thorne. The stake was worth $2040
to the winner and seven two-year-olds
went to the post (or the seven fur
longs* journey, which is the longest
route youngsters have been asked to
go this season ,on the local tracks.
Cigarlighter, however, came near hav
ing the race taken away from him.
He was outrun in the first part, but
skinned. the rail. turning for home and
saved a lot of ground.- "Big Bill"
Knapp then allowed him to bear out
toward the center of the track, where
the going was best jj Once in front, the
Miller colt gradually drew away and
won by two lengths. One Way had
a length to spare over Bowling Bridge.
Corrigan's pair of jumpers, Chara*
wind and Creoliii, scared everything
out of the second race, which was de
clared • off, and only six races were run
instead bf seven. The track was hea-vy
and the weather clear and warm. At
tendance on closing day was light.
The summaries:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TALENT GETS JOLTED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAEBER IS TAKEN OUT
NATIVE PLAYERS SHINE
CHANGES WILL FOLLOW
Borak Canters Away From
Ethel's Pride on a
Heavy Track.
lu Filial of Special Stake
She Defeats Wild Norah
in a One-Sided Course
Although Seals Pound Hall
for Nineteen Safe Hits
They Lose by One Tally
Coach James Hopper Finds
Player to Fill as Full
back on Football Eleven
Cigar Lighter Wins Easily
as Soon as He Gets
a Good Start
Peerless Mare Is Now the
Acknowledged "Queen
of the Turf."
With Large Entry List
Olympian Championship
Contest Begins in St. Louis
SOFALA SHOWS
GREAT SPEED
UNCLE PLAYS
IN HARD LOCK
MANY GOLFERS
TRY FOR TITLE
BELDAME CHEERED ON TO ELEVENTH
VICTORY BY ENTHUSIASTIC THRONG
SPERRY MAKES
VARSITY TEAM
SIWASHES AND SEALS INDULGE IN OLD-FASHIONED SLUGGING COMBAT
THE SAN, FRANCISCO, CALE,, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 20. 1904.
8
' A^yEltTlSEMEXTS.
8IGK HEADACHE
_ - ¦ . .. — s — I Positively cured by
f^kDTrtlO these Little Pills.
UMlX I L I\O ' T^ey also rellera ©ls-
ffSSg .^jq. g. tr 623 tr0Ta Dyspepsia. In-
B||jP I TTLE digestion and Too Hearty
Hi 1 \I F R £*"*££• A perfect rem-
11 niii 1* edy for Dizziness. Nausea,
S3 PILLS. Drowsiness Bad Taste
Eg" IBB in tho Mouth. Coated
jg-^gQ^IB Tongue, Pain In the SMe,
'^^^^^^ ITORPID LTVER.* They
regulate tie Bowels. - Purely Vegetable.'
SHALL PILL SHALL DOSE, SMALL PRICE,
j^£^|CCTE SICK HEADACHE.
fPiTTLE . Genuina Must Bear
j B LVFF Fac-Simil8 Signature
¦ PILLS. \^ ° m -
ADVEimSEMENTS.
_
Altoona, Pa., June 20, 1903.
I was afflicted with Tetter in bad shape.
It would appear in blotches as large as my
hand, a yellowish color, and scale oft.
You can imagine how offensive it was.
For twelve years I was afflicted with this
trouble. At night it was a case of scratch
and many times no rest at all. Seeing the
good the medicine was doing a friend
who was Uking it for Eczema, I com*
menced it, and as a result the eruption be-
gan to dry up and disappear, and to-day!
I am practically a well man. Only two
tiny spots are left on the elbow and shin,
where once the whole body was affected.
I have every confidence in the medicine,
and feel sure that in a short time these
two remaining spots will disappear.'
S. S. S. is certainly a great blood puri-
fier, and has done me a world of good.'
I am grateful for what it has accom-
plished; and trust that what I have said
will lead others who are similarly afflict*
ed to take the remedy and obtain tb»
same good results that I have.
X25 East Fifth Ave. Johs P. Vjaw, 4
While washes, soaps, salves and powders
relieve temporarily, they do not reach tht
real cause of the disease. The blood must
be purified before the cure is permanent.
S.S.S. contains no potash, arsenic or min-
eral of any description, but is guaranteed
m3 ** e 4 free. Our
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
OUO.KEAB?rT ST. KtUbUthrd
In I«4 (or the treatmrnt «t l"riv»r»
DWeases. I^wt Manhood. Debility or
diseas* wearlniron body am! tnlnd and
Sii:i Disvnses. The Doctor cares when
others fait. Try him. Cb»ri;wi low.
«"t«rr* guaranteed. CalTorwrtM.
Pr. J. F. BIDBOX, San Francisco. Cat
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FSESH A2TO ' S A.I.T SEE ATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO. c{, p y p ? n T«}? u^"^
— - OILS. ~
LUBRICATING. OILS; I*EONAKO A gT.T.r*
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Mala ITU.
LC.BUODES, .asi£S?S k ,.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIL TO MEN!
Even unto old age you may feel the vigor of youth, with its light
heart, elastic step, courage and tireless energy. You may be free from «
pains and aches and defy your years. r » -
/ . . There In a fountain of perpetual youth,
A and you have only to reach out your
/Jj hand and take It. You can drink of It
rfj " until your heart shouts with gladness,
JSg^ /if and with all your might you will pro-
£$£g^2 ]// claim, as other people have,
TO/ " l AM STRONG!"
' -a^^^L-— -^^V^*^^ Like the giants of old, you can
yWt r ' , ' _mT l)e {n 5* our Prime at sixty — strong,
jKjff •• y "^^^^ vigorous and full of youtKful en-
A3B&, n \ ,A^ dr. ir. c. Mclaughlin — Dear sir: '¦ i" a
JEBgJfj] 1 & have only v.om the Ue'.t for six w*eks and It
1" Ka ha« dcr.e fine In 'my case. Every sign of pain
8nd "^'fcn**' has left my leg and I am as well
£<n£&ra£&Jr-<2i S! * v - r - l r>as 1 ulte lame wh<?n 1 tt rst wrot«
JtMTyXigifrsSE ;ou. but am nil ovfr tbat now. Yours itrate-
B&SfAIi " ';• faSt ** 3<m ' eo * J" 011 "^ >' ou are young 1 .
B^/5Hk -SS Youth is strength. Jf you have strength
'TSKar <SR you can defy your J'fars. My Electric
/JritTSt fStA Belt '* vin war m Jour heart and fill your
//filOT /^Ssa ' body wlth thfi flre of youth. It will lim-
f/i Ess' // S*5f ber your 3° ints a "d Put springs in your
t/ § WJfc i-i RZ& legs - u wU1 make you feel glad with
Kr 7 Vi£ fgo th* joy? of youthful vigor.
7 '/wt? \aSr Jcnt that food for skeptics? Such let-
f /1b$E ters as * receive would convert even a
P J'/SiSr fflb bigoted old school doctor, and he can see
iu > /^+3$Q^Jfc+ji£l*l vo sood in anything but physic. Give
Jrjf ISlSiSd^™-.* """ u mnn wlth Pains in his back, a dull
V l j*^*l Tsot^ acne in 5lis muscl «s or joints, "come-and-
l<g*A^« T T*r^-£i»r' Ko" pains in his shoulders, chest and
•" *•¦'¦ imJSr^F^^ sides. Sciatica In his hip. Lumbago,
"~"~ Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and
my Belt tvill pour the oil of life into his achlni? body and drive out every
sign of pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.. :
It'« as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no.
trouble.. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting,
no burning; as in the old-style belts. •
Call to-day.. or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man
likes to read if he wants i.o be a strong man. I send it sealed, free. Cut
out this ad,
Dr M C Mel flJJO-hlin 906 Market St.
Office Hours — S a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 tot. :' : "\" i*. r-
Seattle Office. 105 Columbia St.: Los Angeles., 129 Sputh Spring St.Ha waa sure that "Old'GHt Edga Whiskey"
was good for him because fca had"tasid«" ta
rormatlon. ¦Wlchman. Lut^tn * C*.. ft. F. •--
The objectionable phrases In tha complaint
of Mata H. Cartwrlght la her suit for J1CO.
000 for <3->u!sion from the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association w&l hare to b«
eliminated before the> case gets a standing
in court. ' - Judge Hunt yesterday granted the
Cefendant'ar motk>n to strike out ten alleja
tiocs in the complaint having to da with "gv
tfp." "'scbcn-at.g." "lying," "conspiracy." and
sach things, not asually applicable to a wom
en's organization. The court also, sustained
seven specifications of the defendant's spe
cial demurrer. • f
Woman's Press Club Scores.
Defendants Plead Guilty
Louis Schnlti pleaded guilty la Ju<!;« .
Dunne's coori yesterday to a charga of bur-,
rlary He- and Edward Long. Jointly held -
on another char« of *^7:/£U? w£ '
mi:rr Schultx entered a rccm at Sutn> batfis .
& June M Tand stele articles belonging to
Albert Kewnham^ and en the same day ha
and Eon* entered" another room, and«ola ar- ?
tides ¦ belooKlse -to A. M. Tul.y. They/ win »
be 'sentenced on September 2U.
$2 00 buys a card index drawer. 500
record cards, alphabetical .Index and CS
euide cards. Loose leaf ledgers, prica
books and all modern effleo syszsas,
printing, etc» Sanbora. Vail & Co.. T41
Market street
Good Things fur Little Jloney.
Altheugh yesterday had been set peremp
torily by Jadga Cook for tha hearinx or th«
defense In the contempt proceedings againxt
Police Commissioner B. W. Hultoo, .••Special
Chief of Pollca fcr 1123 Dunont street," a
continuance was granted until September 27.
When th» case was called Attorney Hiram-
Johnson said that Attorney Rlordan. chief
counsel for the respondent, was sick and out
of town. He asked that a continuance ' -»
granted for a week.
Attorney Geonre D. Collins opposed tha mo-,
tlon. - _
The Judge set the case for Sept«sb«r 27. «n
tba understandliar that the casa ,must r> oa
then. ;- • ¦• *-
Contempt Proceedings Are Continued
Till September 27, Owing to
Sickness of Attorney.
Asks That Disbarment Proceedinzs Be
Heard In Another Court.
Affidavit Filed. .
The prospective disbarment proceedings
against Attorney Frank Schilling, based trpen
an affidavit of Dina Smith, whom he repre-
Etrnted in two unsuccessful suits for divorce,
brought forth an answer from him yesterday
and an affidavit in which he reflect* upon
Judgr Hunt. It was charged that Schilltag
had received frcm Andrew Smith. Dina's has
band, the sum of $30. which he failed to tarn
cv«r to the wife. Schilling declare* ba re
ceived the money, but that Mrs. Smith agreed
that it ohouid be applied on account of his
f?e of $75 awarded by tije court.
Schilling charges that Judge Hunt instructed
his d*rk to preoaxe tbe affidavit purporting
to have besn made by Mrs. Smith, and that
th!s was rurocsely drawn defectively In order
that the attorney's reputation might saSer
during the delay in reconstructing tha affi
davit. Schilling avers that Judge Hunt made
no effort to get at th# facts in the case,
and he declares that the Judga feels aggrieved
because Schilling Ignored an Invitation to con
tribute to a memorial of the late Ward Mc-
Allister. The lawyer aays that Jadga Hunt
wants to act as accuser and jndgs in the dis
barment proceeding. He demands that tht
hearing ba had before one of the following
Judges: Clcs*. Marasky. Lawlcr. Cbffey. Sea>
well or Kerriran.
ATTORNEY SCHILLING SAYS
JUDGE HUNT IS BIASED
HCTTON IS GR-WFED MORE
TI3IE FOR IflS DEi'E^'SE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tso* and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Pcint, entrance to San 'Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tba
J£np«rtntea£ent. ...--. ,»-.
NOTE— The fcigh asd • low waters oectjr at
til* city front (MUelon- street vb&rf)' about '23
xdnstes Uter than at Fcrt Point; Um heifht
Son, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on tba tower of tbe Ferry
building was dropped exactly' at noon to-day—
L e., at noon of tha 120th - meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich Mme. J. C. BURNETT, • -
Ueoteaant. TJ. 8. K^ in Charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office. U.- S. N^ Mer
chants* Exchange, Saa Francisco, CaL.
- fVeptember 1», laO*, .... : ~7
The «:otm*r Al&meda. whlcn callad en Eat -
C^Jay Jcr" Hocolalo, carried a general tnw
citnllfe cirrj. v*iuei at $173,863. The Iea4
lag ezpe^tj v.crs as follows: 300 bbls fiotxr,
3S75 pkgs pctattfes. S73 pkgs onions. 2&90 pkgs
fresb fruits, IKS rkgs fresh vegetable*, 45.&00
lbs malt, C*> pkgs groceries, and provision*.
£470 cs azscrted canned goods. 213 cs canned
jOit pke* Pickled calcion. 73 pkgs paste. 21.120
lbs codfish. 15.260 lb» lard. 110.000 lbs rice.
7179 lbs 2 cs cheese. 814S lbs meals. 11.7i6
lbs 1€3 cs bread. 2J3 cs tftt. 12,702 lbs 1 cs
|»tter. 4703 lbs fresh tae&U. 2677 Its tiressed
poultry. ."•! ibs fresb fish, 23 pks« frcab
matters. 119 pkgs tab!» preparations. 2280 lbs
2 cs tea. Si cs salad ell 24,273 lba prepared
i.cY S433 Ib« . cmoked meat. 4931 lbs 3 ca
f*-o6j. 11.234 Jbs 10 cs bam and bacon. 00*8
lbs beans. S9.41ft It* sugar. 1383 1b* IS pkgs
rairlrs. 600 lbs oo£Ce«. 1ST6 Ibs 10 es chocolate.
S"20 lbs 10 cs.iried fraits. 20.SO0 Ibs salt, 465
Call nner&r. 13S3 lbs riaoow. 6S72 gate 27 cs
wine, XOM **!» it cs ilquora, 14 cs wtlsk7.
'1 he Alnmoda's Cargo.
The steamer Argyll was cleared yesterday
for KahuJui with 24.504 barrels of crude oil
:r. bulk, valued at (44.390.
The carg9 cf the steamer WnltOer. which
was cleired on Satnrdey for Kibei. - Hawaiian
Tt ¦.:.-;«. ru * i-J.irawT-., tr-i th» vessel sailed
Shipment of Crude OIL
The barkectine James Taft. which arrived
e t Hcsolala * frcm Hakodate on Sunday, was
chartered r^-or to arrival for lumber from
Puget Sound to Eycaey at SOs.
NEWS OF TIIE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merrliant*.
Mayor Must Stay.Home.
"I don't see how I can accept the Invita
tion of the Republican National Commute* to
help out In tba campaign in the East." said
Mayor Schroita yesterday. "I should like very
much to go, but the business of my office
will keeo me at home. I cannot leave with
all this trouble on hand." The Mayor referred
to tbe hearing of the charges against Ponce
Commissioner Drink.hou*e.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. Sept. 19.
Stmr F. A. Kilbarn. Thompson, 7 hoars from
Port Roirers.
Btmr Montara, Rellly, 83 hours from Seattle.
htrcr South Coast. OUen. 15 hoars from
Caspar.
Stmr Santa Crux. Alberts, 9 hours from
Santa Cruz.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
' Stmr Newsboy. Lee, S3 hours from CreaoeBt
dty.
Stmr State of California. Nlcolscn, 42 hours
from San Diego, etc.
6tmr Francis H. Leggett, Relnert, 22 hours
from Eureka; bound for Pan Pedro.
CLEARED.
Monday, Sept. 1».
SUnr George- W. Elder. Randall, for Astoria.
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. for Kahulul. .
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, for EUreka.
Stmr Bonlta, Smith, for San Pedro.
Ger stmr Abydos, Lelbfartn, for Seattla.
SAILED.
Monday. Sept. 1».
Etmr F. A. Kilbarn, Thompson, for Port
Rogers.
'Stmr Newport. Coming, for Halfmoon Bay. -
etmr CentraJia. Ertckson. for Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomona. Swanscn. for Eureka.
Stmr Alcaxar, Wlnkel, for' Greenwood.
Etinr George W. Elder, Randall, for Artorta.
Ger *tmr Abydos, L'.tbfarth, for Puget SonncJ.
Schr H C. Wright, Nielsen, for Mahukona.
Schr Halcyon, McDonald, for Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN. ¦
- Per Scar Caroline, at Umpqua Sept 14 — Aug
21. lat 28:15 N. long 123.89 W, Ger bark Schur
bek. from Cbtrmalnus, B.C. for Queens town.
DOMESTIC PORTS."
NOME— Arrived Sept IS— Schr Snow & Bur
gees, from Ladysmith,
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 18 — SUnr Rainier,
bence Sept 15. - . . • . .
..SOUTH. BEND— Arrived. Seat IS— Schr Ce
cilia Eodden. from Saa Pedro.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Eept . 1»— Star
Despatch, for Saa Francisco. \ .
Arrived Scot 19 — Stmr Pasadena, from Eu
reka. ipVIPMNny 1 1 ' <B"*«W*-»;n£
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 1»— Stmr Maxk-
Yom KIppur Celebrated With Fidelity
and Solemnity and Synagogues
Are Crowded.
Tom KlpDur. tfce Jewish day ef atonement,
was observed in all the eynagt>gue9 yesterday
with all the solemnity cf former years. The
stores of the Jewish citizens were closed and
tba day was devoted to devout prayer and
fasting.
The synasogues were crowded with wor
shipers from early morning until sundown.
Franklin Hall was filled with worshipers,
where, la the afternoon. Rabbi Isidore Myers
delivered a sermon.
Sermons were delivered by Rabbi Voorsanger
at Teraule Emanu-El, Rabbi Nieto at t-herith
Israel. Rabbi Levy at the Geary street tem
ple and Rabbi Kaplan at the Bush street tem
ple. IUbbl SaraueUon officiated at the P.uss
street synagogue.
Firms Barred From Malls.
The . Postmaster General has lanued fraud
orders ajtainst the following concerns having
branch offices in this city: Accumulated
Credit Company, Including Joseph C. Hunter
of Oakland and T. B. Walker of Seattle; Na
tional Diamond Company, National Mercan
tile Company. Gcldtn Gate Mercantile Com
pany, Maturity Commission Corporation and
Ban Francisco Co-operative Mercantile Com,
pany. These are known commonly as "two
for one" companies, having reaped many thou
sands subscribed by persona who expected to
receive from 50 to 100 per cent profit within
two year*. The Postofflce Department has
officially characterized the concerns as frauds
and bu denied them; the use or the mails.
Attorneys Get Big Fe.
Bradley * MeKlnstry. for their services as
attorneys In the administration of the estate •
of Jo*» Guardlola, were yeeterday awarded
«17,500.by Judge Trontt In addition to |5000
they previously received for the special admin
istration. Tha lawyers aaked for 125,000. Gar
ret McEnerney. attorney for the heirs, was
willing tha firm should get $15,000. Judsa
Troutt also settled • the ¦ final account cf Ad- -
ministratcr Elg Greenebaum, but denied, his
application for extra compensation^ The es
tate, whica • Is valued at $seo.OOO, is now
ready for distribution and an or- tha fortune
will fa to Spaia — one-half to Gaardiola's
widow, one-fourth to his daughter and - one
fourth to tha Bishop of Tarragona, Spatn.
JEWISH CITIZENS DEVOUT
IX RELIGIOUS OBSERVANXE
' :.- Pacific Mail liner Korea, will sail to
.fiay for the Orient with a heavy cargo and
ever 2iX> ca.bln passengers. There will be 125
Chinee* and 25 Japan«£2 In the cteerage.
Surgeon Atr^ncn Farenbolt. tbe youngest
•Brgton of his rank in 'he United States
ravy. wha has been spending the last two
wetk* visiting bis father. Admiral O. W.
FsirfshsX it the Cocnos Club, and other
frienSs in end about the city, will sail en
the Korea for his new port in the Pbillppirea.
Surrec* Fareutolt is well and favorably
known en this ccar: as well as in navy
<irci*s. H> has nerved on the Monterey.
Oregoe, durierton. Independence ani Concord.
Korea Sails To-Day.
of tide Is the tam« at both places.
TCESDAY. SEPTEMBER £0.
Sun rises 5:55
Sna sets 6:10
Moon sets 2:05 a. m.
C ITtmel ITimel (Time! ITime
S )1 1 Ft. | -\ Ft. I Ft. I-
I 1 * W| |H Vr| IL W) IH W|
19 '1:W O.S( 8:42 4.6l 1:50 2.9! 7:51 4.8
•0 2:2S 0.3 8:27 4.6! 2-.42J 2.6 SU7 4.8
21 3:07 0.4 10:03 4.»! 3:27 2.3 9:C5 4.9
22 I S:46 0.6:10:40 5.0; 4:05! 2.0 ! 10:20 4.8
23 1 4:22 O.Sill:O6 5.1| 4:43j 1.7'U:0Oi 4.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in tha left :
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth lima column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there ara bat three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height* given ara la
addition to the soundings of tha United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted irom the depth given by
th« charts. The plane of reference la tha mean
of tba lower low waters.
Jarae* ReiHy. a teamster. Tras yesterday ar
. rested ty the harbor pclice en a charge of ern
bezzlement. Iteilly was employed by H. N.
Ccx & Co. cf the Petaluma erpreea line. Last
t. • '.-; fee ¦-'..••.• I $13 cf the firm's money and
«pent It for whieky.
EJnbezjJlns Teamster.
¦ The t-*n;ttd States n&vtl renJezvcBS at 5
?'-.:;• etr-.tt received criers yesterday from
Washlngtcn to ecl:et Itndfinen and beys for
the r.aval training etJp Buffalo. The vet*-l
ir now at Dutch Harbor. Alatka. and will
rrtura to ihi« port in about two months. She
mill then taJc# the newly enlisted landsmen
and spprestJie bov» aboard and tail for New
Tork fcr war or Manila, Singapore, Bombay.
f '-¦ z 4LDd ¦ -x: Mediterranean.
Men for Ship Buffalo.
A d;rpatch frcm Monterey to the Merchants'
ITX'.hisge ytfterjay rep&rtcd that the new
Hearcer Ncrthlsad. I curd from thla port to
fi*n Pfdro, hzjl run on a rock eff Point Pinoa,
:n Monterey Bay. Ene was palled off the
- rock aai Tras at anchor in the bay. leaking
¦ _h»£\y. The £precke!» fug Daustje** was dis-
IMtcSrf to her relief and the steamer will be
towed to thia pert.
»
Xorthland Goes Afehore.
The banquet to Secretary Victor H. Met
calf of the Department of Commerce and
Labor by the commercial organizations of
Sea Francisco, acting in co-operation ' with
similar bodies throughout the State, will take
place in the Hotel St. Francis to-morrow even
tes. While the . entire programme has not
yet been "arranged it is decided that Lieu
tenant Governor Alden Anderson, Mayer
Schmlti and President Frank J. Symmes of
the Merchants' Association shall give greet
ir_i for the State, the city of San Fran
cisco and the commercial bodies. Secretary
Metcalf will then respond.
A brief list of toasts has been provided for.
To these responses will be- made by United
States Senator George C. Perkins. Congress
man Needhaxn and Fairfax H. Wheelan. There
itay aUo be a response from, potne represent
ative of. Southern California. The event will
be noteworthy in all respects. The executive
committee having charge of the banquet con
sists of A. Sbarboro. A. A. Watkins, Frank
J. Symmes. William Babcock. N. P. Chipman
and George A. Newhall. presidents of the sev
eral commercial organizations of San Fran
cisco, with L. M. King as secretary.
State and City Commercial Organiza
tions Preparing to Extend Cordial
Welcome to Metcalf.
WILL GREET SECRETARY
AT A BRILLIANT BAXQUET
(120th Meridian— Padflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 19—5 p. m.
Tha following znaximum and minimus tem
perature* ara reported for previous day:
Boston £1-64. New Orleans 8S-74
Cincinnati 76-eOi Philadelphia 82-C6
Jacksonville 7S-72: Wa^iington 84-64
St. Loaia ,86-62; New York 80-66
Chicago S0-60 ; Pittsburg 82-58
SAN FRANCISCO 70-58.
THB COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. | || 51 |« |
c c • o
': • • : : f
Baker 7. 59^ T7T. ITT
Car»3n 29. SS 78 4S W Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.0* 60 54 >T Clear .00
Fresno 29. 9S 84 66 W Pt. Cldy .00
FUgstaS ....29.B8 70 40 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 29.92 82 60 W Pt. CTdy Tr.
Independence 29.90 7S 54 8 Pt. Cldy .00
Los Angeles .30.02 73 5S ' W Cloudy . . .
Mt Ta«*lpaJj..30.06 TI .. NTT Clear, .. JDO
North Head .80.12 68 48 NW Clear " ;.00
Phoenix 29.S4 96 40 NW Cloudy .00
Portland SO. 04 -70 42 NW dear . .00
Red Bluff ....23.94 84 5S ,£E .Cl-ar " .00
Hoseburg ....30.04 70 40 SW -Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.96 80 56 B Clear .00
Salt Lak« 29.92 86 55 NW Cloudy ..00
San Fran ....30.08 70 56 Tf Pt. Ody .CO
8 L Obispo ..30.04 72 « NW Clear .00
Ban -Diego ..29.9S 74 CO NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.16 64 46 NW Clear .00
Spckana S0.10 70 48 N . dear .00
Tatooeh 30.1S 54 46 N Clear -.00
Walla Walla .30.08 74 S8 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.94 78 44 NE Clear .00
Yuma 29.86 94 64 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
General cloudy weather prerall* vrtr th«
southern half of th» Pacific Slcpa and fair
over the northern.
The pressure has fallen between the Bierra,
and Rocky Mountains and risen along the Im
mediate coast.
Th« temperature haa risen In the Sacra
mento Valley and in Southeastern Idaho; else
where the changes have been flight.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 20:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday; warmer,
except on tha northern coast; fresh northwest
wind.
Southern California — CJocdy Tuesday; prob
ably showers in the mountains; light west
wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair; warmer
Tuesday: fresh northwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
light weit wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair; warmer
Tuesday.
Fresno ana vicinity— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In Charge.
Sa:va*-re Gatto, \*.\-.r.z at 031 Filbert etreet,
was £rrett»I yeeterdaj-, charged with carry-
Irg a ccr.cealei wwpw. He is an employe
cf the Alaska Packteg Company and hires
rh» ftherrnen fcr tie north every season.
Trees a vo»! and outfit etart for the fish
ing rrrsnd certain men are detailed to work
the fh!p £r.i the ether fishermen tax them
te.vts tzr a benu* to th» sailers. Owii^ to
Mat timsituiuat the fishermen this year
re:;:* : -d to make the cJEtotnary contribution
and the nilurs come down oa Gatto for
the xncixty. The crew cf the Isaac Reed have
been caaipirg os Getto'a trail. Yesterday
t^v^rai i:t ii:~ men rr»-t him and renewed their
throitg to make a McfSa victim of him. Irjr
irjf ti;e <i:*c^s£:oT; a* drew his reToiver and
-was arres-.»:d
How Among FUhennen.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
St. Paul JNome & St. Michael.. y Sept. 20
Arcata Coos Bay it Pt. Orford Sept. 20
E^z*beth ICojuine River Sept. 20
Ean Pedro j£aa Pedro ISept. 20
Edith -jTacc:=a [Sept. 20
Corona I Humboldt 'Sept. 20
North Fork...! Humbcldt jSept. 20
Pomo ¦ Poiat Areaa & Albion.jSept. 20
Iaqua : Humboldt Sept. 21
Argo ¦ Eti River Ports iSept. 21
Aur*!:a Portland £ Astoria. ... [Sept. 21
Nicaria Hamburg &. Way Ports'Sept. 21
J. U;cpisi San Pedro iSept. 21
Coosiiiy San Pedro & Way PuSept. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria jSept. SI
Enterprise i Hilo J Sept. 22
Corcnado Grays Harbcr tSept. 22
Chico I C<x;ulile River jSept. 22
Gaelic : China & Japan ;SeFt. 22
San Juan New York via Ancon.iSept- 22
Point Arena.. Mendocico & Pt Arena'Sept. 22
Santa Rosa... Ean Diejro fc Way Pts.lSept. 22
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor |Sept. 23
Del None Crescent City jSept. 23
Eureka Humboldt JSept. 23
Northland ; Ean Pedro (Sept. 23
ChehalLs San Pedro 'Sept. 23
Pcmorj. i Humbcldt ISept. 23
Redondo ; Portland & Way Ports; Sept. 23
Centennial. ...' Seattle & Tacocna. ....(Sept. 23
City Pucbla...; Puget Sound Ports....; Sept. 23
Santa Mcaic*.] San Pedro (Sept. 2*
Bcnita 1 Newport & Way Ports. ! Sept. 25
Nevadan {Honolulu & Kahului..lSept. 23
G. W.Elder. ..I Portland & Astoria 'Sept- 2*
State of Cal.. : San Diego & Way Pts.'Sept. 26
Ralnitr Seattle & Bellisrham.i&ept. 26
Curacao Mexic&n Pert* (Sept. 27
Umatilla i Puget Sound Ports ISept. 28 ;
City Sydney., f New Ycrk via Anccn. ISept. 23
TO SAIL. t
Steamer, j Destination. Calls.l Pier.
September CO. \ , , I
San Pedro.. Eumbcldt 4 pm.Pier 2
Oregonian.. Xew x'ork j ...... [Pier. 23
Eurika Humboldt S amlPier 13
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 r>m Pier 20
Korea China & Japan.... 1 psaJPler 40
Bcnlta N'ewpcrt & Way... 9 amjPier H
September 31. i [
Mcctara....! Seattle direct 4 pm!Pier 11
Art*t« JCoob B. ic Pt. Orfd 4 pmjPier 13
Arctic j Humboldt 9 am; Pier 2
i September 23. |
Coror.ado... |Los Angeles torts. 10 am'Pier 10
Ccrona • Haxnboldt il:$0 p Pier 9
Pcmo j Pt.' Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State- ofCal. ! San Diego It Way. 9 am Pier 11
Breakwater.! Coos Bay direct.... 2 pm'Pier 8
Queen j P^get Sound Pert*. 11 am Pier 9
j September 23. 1 _ . J
NortWand.. i Astoria tc Portland' 6 pm'Pier 27
Ch«halis Grays Harbor I 3 pmiPier 2
S. Barbara. .; Los Angeles Ports., '10 amiPier 2
Argo ;Ee! River Ports. ..| 4 pm|Pier t
I September 34. j j :
S- Monica.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmiPier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Aresa 4 pmjPler 2
Coos Bay... Fan Pedro ft Way. 9 arnjPier 11
Ctieo Coquille River..... 6 pm'Pier 2
Aurella -Astoria k Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Columbta...) Astoria & Portiandill am Pier 21
Pern ;N. T. via Ancon...ll3 m|Pler 40
i September 25. I
S- Ros* Fan Diego & Way.! 9 am!Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt |l:30 p Pier 9
i September 27. I . I
GtyPnebla-j Puget Sound Ports. 11 asTPier 9
i September 28. ; I
Centenn'.al.. | Seattle & Taeoma. J S pmlPIer 20
¦ September 25. I I
Neva dan.... !Hono. A Kahulul.J 3 pm!..
H*'i"er | Seattle & Bellnghm! * pmiPier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 1 4 pm Pier °!>
s><JneJr & W «T....I 2 pro!Pler 7
O. W. Elder 1 Attoria A Portlandlll aajPler 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer; ~ DestlnatlooL -I SaUsT"
Garonne. ".'.... Nome ..'..; |Sept.'' 1 O
Dolphin Ekngway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Olyirpta Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept. 20
City Seattle. . Ekarway & Way Ports. iSept. 21
Diriga- Elugway & Way Ports. f Sept. 21
Jefferson I Kkagway tc Way Ports'Sert. 25
Farallon.. 1 Fkagway <& Way Ports S«pu 27
Santa Clara. . -j Seldovia tt Way Ports'Oct. " 1
P.oascke. .Nome & St. Michael.. (Oct.- 1
Victoria. I Nock *, N.E. Siberia. Oct. 1
Movements of Steamers.
Exports for the North.
The steamer UzsatllU. called on Saturday
for Victoria with an assorted cargo consigned
to the pert cf destination and tha principal
British Columbian ports, valued at* $15,635.
and including the following: 1SS5 pkgs fresh
fruits. 57 pkgs fresh vegetables. 56.170 lbs
dried fruit. £750 Ib9 raisin*. 2140 lbs chocolate.
12.265 !bs beass. 1007 Its peas. 4400 lbs meals.
€35 ga".s w;ne, 50.000 lbs salt. 34.520 lbs malt.
42S2 lbs rice. 6 cs brandy. 64 pkgs paste. 17
rkgs groceries and provisions. 648 lbs cheese.
SOS Its coff*-e, 24, cs canned goods, 91 cs arms
and amir: unities. 5 cs Cry goods, 23 pkga
pairts. 5 pigs tin. 205 lbs leaf tobacco, 6
pkgs acid. 15 pkgs machinery. 45 bdls build
ing ejaterial. 50 tfcs matches. 24 bbU bricks,
2 r«reis w:re. &5 rolls roofing material.
In addlticn to the fo.-eroing to* rteamer
carried K-SO rkgs pctatoes and 50.000 rbs salt.
valued at S3556. en route to Northwest Terri
tory, and 2SG ca canned salmon, valued at
11125 -fcr Mtlboursa,- Australia.-
WEATHER REPORT.
tnaw, hence Eept 1C. for Taeoma.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 19 — SUnr Redondo,
from Astoria. *
SaIJ*d Sept 19 — Sttar Corunna, for Ean Fran
eisco.
PORT TOWN?END— Arrived Eept 1»— Schr
A. F. Ccats, from Redondo.
IN STRAITS OF FVCA — Sept 19 — Schr
Fearless, from San Pedro; schr R. W. Bartlett,
hence Aug 29.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived S*pt 19 — Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Sept IS, and sailed for San
Diego.
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept I»— Schr Forester,
from San Pedro, for Bal'ard.
CRESCENT CITV — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr
Del Norte. htcce Best 17.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived off Sept 19 — U S
stmr New Tcrk, U S stmr Boston, hence Sept
17; U S stmr Xero. hence Sept 16; U S rtmr
Bennlngton, V S stmr Paul Jones, hence Sept
17.
ISLAND PORT.
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Nevadan.
fcr San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 17— Br nmr
Cape Cbrnino. from Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Sept
17 — Br ship River Falloch, from Antofagasta.
BOSTON — Sailed Se&t 17— Br stmr Indraa
imfci, fcr New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANCON — Arrived Sept 14 — Stmr Newport,
hence Avr IS.
lOUIQUE— Arrived Aug 28— Ital ship Michele
Blanchi. from Honolulu.
LTV T ERPOOL — Arrivrd Sept 17 — Br sh!n
Anelesey. hence "ay. i2.
Sailed Sept IS— Br -Bttnr Tangtaxe, for Van
couver. • • " ¦
PORT SAID— Arrived S«pt 17— Span mtmt
Alicante, from Liverpool, for Manila.
ST. THOMAS — Arrived Sept 16 — Br itmr
Floridan. from Liverpool, for Colon.
VEXTXOR — Passed Sept 16— Br bark Inver
air.say. from Antwerp, for Vancouver.
DCXGENESS — Passed Sept 17 — Ger bark Lls
beth, from Port Ludlow, for United Kingdom.
LONDON'— Sailed Sept 17— Br ship Eurasia,
for Victoria.
TENERIFFB — Sailed Sept 1 — Ger etmr
Menes, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 19— Ship Henry Fail
ing, frcm Taeoma.
CALLAO^ — Sailed Sept 17 — Ger stmr Amsion. J
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Eept IT — Br i
¦tmr Athenian, from Vancouver: Sept 13, stmr
Manchuria, hence Aug 30. via Honolulu.
SINGAPORE — Arrived Sept 17 — Br Minr !
Indrawadl, from New York, for Yokohama.
Sept 19 — Br stmr Kennebec, from New York,
for Shanghai.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Sept 17— U S Btmr Dlx,
for Seattle.
MAZATLAN — Sailed Sept 17 — Etmr San
Juan, fcr San Francisco; stmr Acapulco, for
Anccn.
25 c« m'seral water. 4 cm brandy, 5 cs chasj
payre. 2 cs cin, 710 gale spirits. SSSS lb» M
pits* tobacco. 11 • pkrs electrical supplies, 16
pkgs rubber Kooia. 23 colls rope. IS ¦ bdls 27
pc» ires. 27 bdU 164 pes ete*U 30 pkgs ma
chinery. SI c* aaiches, 12.&47 lbs asxU, 1O
pkga paints and oils, 299 bxs soap, 7 ca hats,
•S'S rk^s &TT poadB, 81 cs boots and ehoea, 36
pks leather. 143 bdls paper. 177 pkes drug*
and eundriee. &S bdls brooms, S bales twine,
£2 pkgi shocks. T5O bbls cement. S000 lbs shot,
12.326 lbs m-.ddlicFS. 40 cUs wheat, 129 cUs
corn. 100 taTes hay. 633 ctl» bariey. *104 lbs
fcraa, ld9,3C0 lfci leKllixer.
Oner Sonoma Arrives.
The Oceanic User Sacorsa arriTad yesterday
afternoon irtwa AsclOand. £yi=ey and Hcno
lulu with 1S60 tens d cargo asd a full list
ef j-a*serrer«. The trip wa« uneventful and
the <;u et tea. acd soft breezes made the
rcyage a pleasure jsursey tcr all.
Aznozg the ;a*fcnf»-r» are Mrs. W. G. Irtrin
ar.d M'.es Irv:n'ci Honcluiu en a vistt to
this, state end John Marshall, a wealthy
. _r.- r _-. cf .v_ _!..:_* i. en a trip to K-S-
Itsl. ssi iTrs. H. E. Hi^hton of Ho-iclulu.
but Icrmtrly cf 'this c!ty. Attorney T. Me-
Cants Stewart ca=:e up frora Honolulu to
Uks part is th« Presidential car=?aiga. He
will rpeak frcm ihe etump through the South
*r.i West. Mr. Stewart is cf the African
rice. a. rraiuate cf tie University of South
Caroli"^. He rtunped New Ycrk far M--
KirUey and worked with Seth Lor against
Tarr.rr.ft.^y In 1(47. He is a prcnilnest mem-
i/<.r of the bar In HoeoIuIu-
The f?:icw:^f are the cabin passengers cf
the Soncrr.a: Frcn Sydney — J. Whitney and
wife. F. W. Orllvie, F. E. Wa*hb-jrn and wife.
C. 5L Teo=a=a, C. B. CoxrUihaa. N. L. Green,
J- Currie. wife, two ecas and daughter, Mrs.
arid Mis« Mitchell. Dr. Mlnard. Mrs. Paul
aid ch::fi. C. A. Ashiown. E. S. Thomas.
Krcni Auckland — John Marshall. Jasea
Selnts, Lees Marsha'.l. H. G. Porter. G. M.
G'.Utrncz. F. Podfiy. Leslie Cs>r=efer. Mrs.
Prince.
Frcs: Para Paro— 5JL A. Csdl. Dr. H
¦Wirk'.er.
Frcm Hcno!u!u — Mrs. Henry Higfctoa. Miss
grow. M. K. Knoop. M. KiUrore. Mrs. W. G.
Irwtn. Miss Ir»;= acS maid. Mlaa Keller. Miss
Kaidwta. Mr*. W. 3. Smith. Mn. L. Eu2an
.... -i. Madarsa Griselda. H- R. Perruaan.
T-. A. Ea.:2w-.s, T. McCarts Stewart. Mrs. E.
BcfTar-Cesux, D. Cr» wley. Mis» F>ld. C.
liudeisan a&4 wife. Mr«. R. Iver«. L. B. Kerr,
Mis* A. MrHariy, Miss Moffitt. F. M. Husted.
P. M. MrMihcs. L. Hoykira. H. E. Packers.
MS? A. E. Har«y.
Th*re were IM pts*e=rers la the »eccnd
cab.n asl steerage.
LAUXCH OF THE rKTTE» STATES CKCISER MARBL.EHHAD IS WRECKED BT THE EXPLOSION OF ITS BOILER, T. J.
.OREEX, A FIREMAN. AND A. C, COLEMAN, A COAX. PASSER, BEECO PAINFULLY INJURED BT THE ESCAPING
ETEAM AND FLTINO DEBRIS.
The officer* of the bank are I. Sprinper.
presldant; J. E. Wheat, vice president, and
T. J. Walker, eeeretary. treasurer and ca*h
ier.
Liabilities — Capital t>atd in coin, $5,161.
116 40; reserve fund and profit and loam, $2,
fiSS 12S 02: due depositors. $f».ll*V,682 25: due
banks and bankers. $197.1S1 74: State, county
or city money. $43,000; other liabilities, 131*.
748 07; total liabilities, $70,813,757 SS.
The Board of Bank Commissioners issued a
license yesterday for the establishment of the
San Fernando Bank at Fernando. The insti
tution has a capital of (25.000, which is full\
subscribed.
The Mvecty-elx interior savings banks hare
pained $2,008,238 69 la a*seta and |2.021,938 OX
in deposits since May 9 of this year. The
statement of resources and liabilities based on
the returns of August IS is as follow*:
R^suurces^ — Back premises. $*62,;ffl T5; real
estate taken for debt. $1,737,201 K: miscel
laneous stocks and bonds, $15,479,120 97; loans
on real estate, f44.3ll.207 79: loans on #tock«.
bonds and warrants. $2,792,162 61; loans on
other eecuritiefi, $526. 63S IS; loans on personal
security, $1,770,140 si : overdrafts and money
on hand, ?l.S22.s2t> P7; due from banks and
hankers, $7,400,244 00; other assets, $5S1,
771 47: total resources. $76,^13,757 3S.
Interior Savings Banks of California
Are-Enjojing: an Era of Unpre
cedented Prosperity.
SHOW GREAT GAINS IX
ASSETS AND DEPOSITS
The Board of Education also sub
mitted the resolution it passed a few
weeks ago, asking the Supervisors to
appropriate funds for a separate
school for the Japanese children. The
School Directors set forth that the
accommodations in the public schools
were already overtaxed and that the
Japanese often compelled the exclu
sion of white children.
In their communication to the Su
pervisors the Japanese point out that
the number of their children attend
ing school is small, but scattered all
over the city. To confine tkem to one
school would require some of the
children to travel the entire length of
the city to attend it- The matter was
referred to a committee.
The board passed to print the resolu
tion formally fixing the State tax rate
at 53.5 cents, segregated as follows:
General fund, 31.2 cents; school fund,
17.8 cents; interest and sinking fund, 1
cent; support of University of Cali
fornia, 2 cents; support of high schools,
1.5 cents. Added to the city's tax, "the
total rate for San Francisco is $1,655.
A resolution was passed ordering that
the dome of the City Hall be lighted
September 19. 20. 22 and 23 in honor of
the visiting Odd Fellows.
James Hagan & Co. sent a communi
cation to the boerd offering. to sell their
cemetery in San Mateo County for bur
ial of the indigent dead. The offer was
made as the result of reports that the
board contemplated taking the inter
ment of lndigents out of the hands of
the firm. . ,
The Santa Fe Railroad Company was
granted permission to lay and main
tain a spur track connecting its yard
in China Basin with the tracks of the
United Railroads at the intersection of
Fourth and Kentucky streets.
The Supervisors' Fire and Judiciary
Committee yesterday recommended a
change in the ordinance concerning the
height of buildings, Increasing the |
limit from 201 feet to 220 feet. The
recommendation was made at the in
stigation of M. H. de Young, who de- j
sires to add two stories to his building
&t Kearny and Market streets and to
erect an addition of equal height on the
Kearny street side. * i
-Japanese parents warmly resent the
aspersion which they think 'has been
cast on their children by the Board of
Education in the declaration that "it
is extremely deplorable white chil
dren and Mongolians must be edu
cated side by side in the same rooms
of the schools of this city."
The pride of the little brown peo
ple has been touched. They plead for
a test of comparison of their little
hopefuls with those of white color.
They assert that in point of scholar
ship, cleanliness of person and polite
ness of deportment they are the
equals of the Caucasian race and that
contact with them can have no effect
that is disadvantageous.
The argument is made that most of
the Japanese children are native born
and should not be denied the training
to fit them for American citizenship,
to which they will be entitled. And
then comes adroitly a rebuke to a
Christianity that draws the line of
racial distinction.
The Japanese presented their views
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday
in a petition signed by many heads of
families protesting asainst the estab
lishment of separate schools for their
children, which City and County At
torney Long has advised must follow
the exclusion of the Japanese from
the existing schools.
Committee Proposes That
* Nineteen Feet Be Added
to Limit of Skyscrapers
TAX EATE IS ADOPTED
Cockswain Boljes and two other men
¦who were on board the launch at the
time were uninjured. It is remarkable
that greater damage was not done, as
rJl five men were sitting close around
the bciler. As It was, quoting from the
unofficial rerort of the Marblehead's
crew. ?two men were badly hurt and
tfar«*e men badly scared."
The boat, which was filling, was hur
riedly hoisted on her davits and swung
inboard. The launch and boiler are old
and the accident is probably due to the
worn condition of the fastenings of the
manhole plate. The wreck will be sent
to Mare Island navy yard and the Mar
blehead ¦will g-et a new launch.
The cruiser Marblebead, the lone war
thip cf the bay, came near making
some history of her own yeeterday fore
noon &e Ehe Lay at anchor off Pacific
f treet wharf. The steam launch of the
cruiser, moored to the swinging boom
alongside, suddenly blew np, sending a
cclusa cf smoke and steam, the boat's
smokestack and bits cf boiler as high
as the Ehip's masihead. The explosion
made a tremendous roar, and the men
aboard the cru.&er at first thought the
main battery had been fired at some
imaginary intruder.
After the air had cleared it was found
that the manhole plate of the launch's
bcller had blown off, badly damaging
the machinery and opening the seams
cf the boat so as to let the water
rcur in.
T. J. Green, first-class fireman, and
A. C. Cclernan. coal passer, were badly
injured by being scalded with hot
•water and struck by flying pieces cf
Iron. They were removed unconscious
to the hospital cf the ship and their in
juries attended to by Surgeon BelL It
found that the men were not fatal
ly hurt.
Boat is Badly Wrecked
and Two of the Men
Are Disabled.
Japanese Plead to Supervi
sors Against Eaee Line
School Board Kecommends
PARENTS' PRIDE
IS MUCH HURT
BOILER OF CRUISER MARBLEHEAD'S STEAM LAUNCH
BLOWS UP ALONGSIDE UNCLE SAM'S TRIM WARSHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 190*.
ABVERTISE3IKXTS.
THE DISEASE
OF CIVILIZATION 19 >
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
' NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
Hmsyadi J&nos
. (FULL NAMEJ
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
tmmamBmmBmmmammm
-^^^^ ;^^^^ADYERTIgP^rFVrs. > '. '*.- ¦*-.
• ; ¦ ; •, •
**sV Br /$/&/Cr&%Z£§£t w w Hi Ksjj fe*al KM JsWgsSrMJ *QJ V^S ¦MBr \
4ft JR*y^yjiyg^s^i •" Wm DsSB ES KSBSnm ua jg3 "• BHH| a
I B _Jf«®C5IED37i§£©SD 1
S %^~*~ M WfCEBr S
I The Economy Salesroom Jr^S
O * fiad thoxmfbij 2
X dapeadabla, t^>-to-date roods at from oae-anarter to one- third, less than ®
S rernlar value. Take time to visit this Department. Ton will be wsJl J
O repaid. The ttm items listed below are a gmMe to prices} 0
X S8.50 Parlor Kocker SB.25 40.00 Gentleman'* Ciiffealer.3O.OO X
© 11.00 Parlor Chair 7.30 4X50 Golden Oak Dresser. . .20.75 ©
• 18J0 -Weathered Oak Bocker.13.75 39.00 Blrdseye Dresser 24.75 «
• 17.50 Shariar Stand 13.75 45.00 *x**a Bed 34.75 •
© fS jij-g ™« Department Is » rerelatloa to lorsrs ef taa bes.a- ©
© VUl DvlSt tlfnL A vast sjiortmeat of the world's b»rt roods.
Z Many of the designs exclaslve wtta cs. Can and ta. ©
spect the stock whctaer yon wlsa to purchase or not. _
iS *!*!%*¦% D/vn>it1 f> «%««tfVA •eonomy Is aa object, you win •
: 1 1 ne Kegai Range, own a ae^i. u yO u a**** . g
j q . =1 =- Eanre that wQ — , q
0 bake well naSer all condltloni, you will investigate R^ B QOWD q
¦ • the many merits of this marvel of the stove fotmd- I O
! O er's art. We g-oarastee it la every poiat for a pa- %&}r «» 3 WCCK ©
•© riod of two years. Terms >•••>.>.. • ¦' ©
1 M5-259WBa$* 0N?HE SO1UUUE |
©©©?©©••©•••••©••©— ©•©••••©••©••••©••—•©©
GRMOORMANfeCO, SKHW00D t[ SrERWOOD \
PRO?. LOUlSYILLEr»Ky» DISTRTBUTOHa
;frani THROUGH ™1
I TOURIST SLEEPERS |
1^^ FOR ST. LOUIS I
\jf\ I to! * [
AtTGXTST 18. 19. *J
8EPTOMBEB 1. 2. 5. 6. 7. 8. 19. SO. 28. 29. H
OCTOBER 3. 4, 5. 6. 19. 20. 26, 27. "" '\
FROM SAM FRANCISCO: ;. |
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day- U
light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, D
over Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via R
y - Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through N
trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St. n
H Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. 8
1 B All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates n
H • authorized from Calif ornia points apply for these Bur- K
If lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent 0
fi • dates to Chicago. M
II Call on or write *3
I] General Affent. W. D. SAVBOSST. BurUnrtoa Ticket Ofieev
U 631 BCABX2TT ST. rCTnder PaUca Ho ten. ||
¦ H San Trandseo. fiTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER - 20, 190*.
10
BPgnstxss CHANCES— -Contlnnefl.
A— CAI.IHRON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et.. cor. Maricet and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilfts, clo6ets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to ero East; make offer. CAMERON
* CO.. 3 Kddy et.
FOR sale— Gr>jcery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city In Califor-
nia; over 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately; fine proposition; has the butter
business of the town; extensive Interests else-
where only reason for selling; books open for
Inspection. For particulars tee CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.hg. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year; price 52200. For further particulars
fee CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale— Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful show cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: flttlnzs cost more than
price asked; big enap at $1000; sickness*
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Several cood business propositions
for investors, such as flrst-class laundry.
Ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention: would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming hou»?s and business chances. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy at.
WANT to dispose of half Interest in good-
paying flower store: best location in the city.
Box 1449. Call office.
WANTED — Party who understands bay and
river freighting; will start you in buelness;
no capital required. Box 1500, Call office.
CIGAR Etand for tale on Third St., near Mar-
ket. Box 1233. Call office.
HOME bakery; furnished living rooms; French
range; $300; no agents. 417 O'Farrell st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon for sale. Box
1243. Call office.
CANDY store — Will sell to suit buyer; snap;
other business the reason. 1427 Market at.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the rectptlon
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened Bt 1003 Market Et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
rOB SA^E^^
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished: cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $40 per month; $40C down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses: most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
80-reom, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and eood running order; clear-
Ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy In city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand; new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $000 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years* lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear 5300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition In city.
7-room. modern flat, close in. well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
'26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Butter: paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms: rent only $5 60 per room: long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to get flrst-class house that Is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
9-room flat; rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; -only with us.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheao rent: very central; good
furniture and carpeto; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full flrst-class people:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nlEhed; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
10 rooms; rent J6.'; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must i>ell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine Fhar>e; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2600.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for excrmnre or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H C. DECKER Phone Jones 531
006 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON. <
HEADQUARTKRS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
. Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
His success in selling homes over 28 years
In San Francisco is a guarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title, and sells the
bargains to his customers. Se« him.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture $ 300
60 rooms; Market st. : only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister St.; flat 450
36 rooms; down town: reduced to ...... 1100
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter rt.. 400
18-room house; new furniture; must sell; must
sell to-day; best offer takes Jt. ,.
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
C to 460 rooms; prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER, 000 Market St., tor. Stockton.
AT a sacrifice; must raise meney; house of 12
rooms: all rented; new carpets and furniture;
' rent $55: marine view; and a number of other
bargains in lodglng-houfies and real estate;
nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
Co.. 10 Turk Et.; phone Mint 741.
MITCHELL & CO .. ...
1206 Market st Phone Jessie 20S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers :tltles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
NICELY furnished lodging-house; fclty front;
It? rooms, all rented; big bargain; rent $30;
must be sold at once. 160 Steuart Bt.
$550 — WELL furnished house of 8 rooms. Call
from 1 to 5 p. m., 143 Sixth Bt.
1 spmrraA-jSTg.
M. MARIE HART, successful medium; magjc
work a specialty; parlors 332 Eddy Et.; hours
0 to f»; no pig".
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c, 619
McAllister; private readings dally, 1720 Sac-
ramento ct., near Polk. ,
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test • seance every
night except Saturday; 10c..l48 Sixth st.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.. 10c; dev. circle
Wed., 25c; read., daily. 43 Sixth St.. r. 10-20.
MRS. WAYBORN, medium: readings this week
25c." EOc: dr. Mon.. Frl., 8 p. m. 1235 Market.'
C. MAYO STEERS -.psychic readings by mail $1.
> SSeK 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
TjnMJlS-XB^
FURNITURE «-room Cat cost 5*500 for • $2000.
Apartments. 2O« Larkln. aiier - v- m-
A BARGAIN— New. artistic upper flat of 7 or
A 9 B Sp: furniture only $475: BllHt
cars pass the door; pleasant location. 14.1
Oak st. _______
FOR sale— Swell furnished flat of J wnw i and
bath- 190 Guerrero St.. VJ» N°«-»
from Market st. Call bet. 10 and X
PAGE. 1S24. near
7 rooms, bath: bargain: rent S-S. also piano.
SACRIFICE-Flat of S rooms, bath laundry.
yard: newly furnished. 753 Eddy st.
FOR sale-Cheap: 7-room flat, furnished; M*<
eral rented. S07 Van Ness ave. (
MCALLISTER 1345-Elepantly furnished T-
room flat. Apply momlmrs. >
r_v-TS ros SA-.E.
FOR sale— 10-room flat and bath. 81«B I_r-
kln st.
r~B~rr~~.s ros sai.s.
ri'Dvm'Rr *tovea bought, sold, exchanged.
Ba;Ve^4^V«fe^c%.nrl6th.Tel. Church 3879.
H. MEYER & Co. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mlsslon.tei.Buah 313.
CONTENTS of a 7-room flat for sa!e. aa •
whole or separate. 1516^ Vallejo st. j
GOOD hardwood folding-bed for sale. Box
959. Call office. ___________
$75 WORTH of furniture for J7 00 down. »i M
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
rPKirrrTrRE \j -ah ted.
— ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don'* sell your furniture, carpets, otnc« rur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estlmata.
__•__» WASTED—^55*^55^-™^^
COOK, orphanage • • • • • • * 40
4 cooks, German and American families,
$30 and $"••'¦
3 cooks, small hotels, city and country,
$^0 and $35. ,„_
Kitchen helper. Institution ;«""*
Parlormaid. Ross Valley, see lady office to-
day 1^2
4 second girls, city • •-*
Maid and seamstress, city »3O
Housework. Redding, fare her* Ii_*r£
5 waitresses hotel, city, sleep home. .$27 39
Laundress for Santa Barbara *>O
4 Ironers for country laundry.. $10 to $13 wk
5 nurse girls, city and country $20. $2»
Housekeeper, see man office this a. m..*15
Woman with a child, country »!•>
2 chambermaids, city $20
2 kitchen helpers, city *2O
Cook for San Leandro $30
All kinds of general housework, city and
country, $20, $25. $30.
Apply J. F. CROSETT. 834 Sutter st.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
219 Kearny »t Phone Black 2448.
2 bright salesladies, stationer}'. $33.
1 saleslady, laces and corsets. $40 start.
Waitress, small restaurant. $33 and board.
Young lady, notion store, $8 week.
Lady retoucher, $50.
Open evenings. 7 to 9. BROWER A CROSS T.
A — HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
sitions. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Pow«ll st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressUiff.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school In West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season: both Masons tauxht from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions aa
trimmers, ralesladtes. makers, guaranteed
at $10 i>er wk. up; 7 positions to b« filled
Immediately. Parlors 143 Stockton tt., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC Colleg* teaches balrdressln**,
manicuring, electric massage, etc: six hoars*
practice a day; guarantee positions: only
recognized college of Its kind oa coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell at.
OVERALL AND OVERSHmT OPERATOR3
WANTED. STANDARD FACTORY. COR.
GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing- or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free; enclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. S4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operator* on
overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
A YOUNG girl lor general housework, |20{
also young nurse, same place. $13. Call be-
tween 1 and 4. 233 Third et., Richmond
district.
WANTED — A girl for eooklns; and housework.
Call at S425 Fillmore st. Tuesday and Wed-
nesday mornings.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework;
good home; wages $15. 2271 California it.
WANTED — Sleeve maker and waist Improvers.
MRS. E. M. SOLLEY. 1812 Sutter st.
COOK; good wages; small family. Apply
3362 Jackson st.
WANTF.D— Cash girls at PRAGE3VS; call at
once.
YOUNG girl for light housework; assist la
cooking. 2S11 Buchanan st.. near Vallejcu.
CLOAK and skirt finishers at E. _CE3-
SAGER'S. 145 Post st.
GIRL, cooking and housework. 2319 Sacra-
mento st. ; Tuesday and Wednesday mornings.
APPRENTICE on coats: paid while learning.
Room 2. 3d floor. 3 Hardle pi., off Kearny.
GIRL to work In confectionery; must have
experience. Box 186©, Call.
GIRL for downstairs work and eooklns;; 9 ta
12. 1200 EUls st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no obj-ct.
WANTED — First-class cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply between 9 and 11 a. ra. at
HALE BROS.'
I WANT an Intelligent woman, not under 23.
of good character and standing, for high
grade position. Box 1C66. Call ofSc*.
WANTED — In exchange for office room, a
stenographer: may take outsld* work. Box
1674. Call office.
PANTS finishers and good lewers; steady
work. 245 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and coat banda.
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
CERTIFICATED teachers for country school—
CALVIN E3TERLY. 518 Parrott bulMlnr!
HjEIJP WAKfTE-* — m*Ti~B,
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
8t£s W f» raUrOad *° rk# laborer » *»» team-
Long Job: no fe*; fare refunded.
Paperhanger and painter, city. $3 to Si. '
Ironer. laundry near city. «33 M '
Boy for warehouse, city. $25 to start.
52'°' Wholesale cloth 'house. >
Bvnch. hand, cabinet maker S3 5O
Teamsters, north. $2 25. fare $3 ftp.
A ~«^ C S? 1^ CON TRACTORS' EMP AGCY
B_S1_?sW«ss
c^^%"' M °a : ,,i.r g -"¦ .»" ""-
___s_a^^_5,«^_- w -
THB^CAHj
joH -!Li^^rj5£Sji^^---v— y roprteu>r
Address Corrmur.lcaUotiS to
jOHN_Mc>.~AUGIIT -M a _gg=g?
\V. J. MAItTIX. . . .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
JUk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
Beet You With tfce Department You %\ 1«U.
Publication Office Market and Third, P. F.
Editcnal BOOK* 217 to 2^'l Sievenson «t.
Delivered by Carrier?, 20 Cts. Per Week. 15
Cts. F*r Month. S&sle Copies b <-«•
Terrr. £ by Mall Including Postage Cash w.tn
Order): „
I5AILT CALL rtedad. £jnrtay>. 1 T*-""- •?'•JS
DAILY CALL (inciud. Baaday>. 6 no».. 4_w
r>A!LT CALI^— Hy Sir.fle Month ••'£
FUXDAY CALL. 1 y<=ir r-J"J
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • »;™
1 1,'allv S* «• Per Year Extra
FOREIGN- J gSSarTJ i.% Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. ( Weekly. 1 <*> Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS MME AUTHOR1Z ED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
tarr.ple Ccpie* wi!! b» forwarded when re-
Quetted.
Mall *ut:sc-lbers in ordering cbanee <* *°:
<re»* should be particular to Bive botn .-\e-«
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct co.xpliauce with their re-
sjuett.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
X016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl4S Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:.
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOKK NEWS STAND:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. 3rentano. 31
ruler. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel ted Hc&tr.au House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenr.an House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Trcmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KBOGXESS. Marquette Buliain*.
<L. r.g Pittance Telephone. "Central 2618. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHtX IS. tMITH JO Tribune Bulldia*
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.N Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
ccreer Market and Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every r.lght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. opposite Fifth: open until
11 n. m.
t27 Montgomery rtreet. corner Clay; open until
8:30 p. m.
*00 Hayes street: cpen until C:30 p. m.
*Bfl McAllifter Etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
*:15 Lerkin etrect; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 Mitcion etreet; open until 10 p. tn.
JCG Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
JC&6 Valencia etreet; open until U p. tn.
Ncrtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
£200 FiUn-iore street: cpen until 9 p. ra.
aasETigo notices. ;
OFFICERS er.d members of California .J-f
Comrtiandery No. 1. K. T.. are hereby JHT"
notified to assemble at the Asylum. h£
TUESDAX. September 20. at 1 p. m.. _r
fcr the purpose of conducting the
funeral of our late Sir Kn:pht. R. A. ELY.
By order of the Kminent Commander.
CHARLES M. PLUM. Eminent Commander.
THOMAS L. HKNDERP'JN. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. »
will meet THIS iTCESDAY) EVEN- V\f
ING. S*pt. 20. at 7:30 o'clock. Ptated /V\
HIM I Ins.. P. M and M. E. M. degrees.
By order of the U. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodjre No. 30. F. & _
A M.— Called meeting THIS «TCES- VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; /V\
third tfegr*-*. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MHYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lo4jre No. 144. F. and A. m
M.. Masonic Temple — First c<-pr*« >jSf
THIS (TfKSDAYl EVENING at 7:30/^^
o'clock. Master T>!asons cordially in-
vited. HENRY E. PENNELL, W. W.
A. S. HCBBARD. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN B°nevc!er.t Society— Reg- y^y^,
ular meptlrg WEDNESDAY EVEN- aSCg
ING at thfir hall. 4ia Sutter rt.. at ?*§$«?
7 :30 *-harp. Each an<i every member *%£&
If re<iu"sted to be jireFent, as immediately
after the transaction cf the regular busi-
ness the Fociety will afljourn to the banquet
hall, where they will hold their second
monthly social anil entertainment. Refresh-
ments. A cood time Is expect ?d. By order
cf J. W. PTANRAHT. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
process from J. F. Cowdery. in Slide mine,
li^sr Ft. Louis. Flerra County. Cal.. draining
Into Fackrts Gulch and Slate Creek, which
reaches Yuba River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room 06. Flood bulMlng. San Francisco,
Cal. Ot. 3. 1^4, at 1:30 p. m.
_A~T OKOBIMS.
FOR f«!e — Good ss new auto car, 1903 model:
owner ha«= 2 cats snd desires to dispose of
one. Address bcx 1403, Call office. Oakland.
AUTOMOBILE for Fa> ; 10 h. p.; 1700; seat 2
cr 4; frt-l-claFs condition. Box 1234, Call.
CADILLAC auto, for sale; SCOO. Box 11M,
Call offi<e.
XX)COMOBILE. 10-hcrs'power; 2 seats; in
gof'ti running order. Call 473 Valencia st.
AGEITTS WAITTED.
AGKNTP. Jit* is your chance; $J0 to $20 per
»«k and coramlsElcn; n^ne but those who
Ri»an business need apply. CALIFORNIA
<:0-OPEHATIVE CLEARANCE HOUSE C"J..
loST> MlMlllll i>t.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a <Je'ide<i improvement on building and loan
U worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
EXPEEIENCED canvasser 3. $G to $3 Jay. 1114
Washington Ft.. Osk!and. r. ", 10 to 12 a.m.
FKW good erT.ts, cl:y or country; commis-
sions advrrv-ed. Arrly *t 170S Howard *t.
ATTOKCTXYS-AT.-I.AW.
R. XT. KING, 'Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Ctb floor; entrance room 611; established 2')
years: al] courts, gereral court ar.d office
rractice: r.o ret in advance or for consulta-
tion; "vei.ir.gs ty appcir-tment. Tel lied 3«5ol.
A.DV1CE free on all legal matters; divorces a
• peclslt} : private, quick; no pay in advance;
fnlr.lrx corrpitr.les organized ;iratent« obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market *!.; estab. 22 yrs'
AA— Divorce : costs f 12:quick.cju!et;advic« free;
all law business: no churce unless success-
ful; cpen evenings. !>27 Market st.. room 301.
COLLECTIONS. attachment*, mechanic's
!>«n>, probate tenants ejected. Attorney. 632
Market rt.. room 23.
DIVORCE: — Co»ts. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law buEineis; no charge unless suc-
~«ful: cp<n evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs f 12: no leei or
octets In advance: ail law b'j«>^ness: otflc*
epen Eaturiay evening*. SID Market St.. r.33.
ADVICE free. Columbian Law & Collection
Agency, room ST.. 016 Market; tel. John C226.
PATENTS, American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGHNCY. 214 Pine st.. Cth floor.
L. B. CLARK. i»27 Market, r. 304: consultation
free: no fee» in r.dvance: open evenings.
AS~ H SIA CTTBI!.
El NOLA'S Aethrna Remedy rellevet Instant-
ly: lf>c. 2tc, &0c. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas;
tin Wiirhart. lClh cid V.'ash!netoc Oakland.
__ 3XEBS. UOGS. ETC.
HARTr' M.wntuln or.Tiarir* & African «p-ay par-
rots. Je«t rc«w!ved. A. C Rotlscn. S35 Kearnr.
_BOA_D1KOJ70B C2XZX.DBEN.
WANTED — A child to toard; cood home. 37
t&n Carlos evc. . . -
soabphto rcm chlpbsh waitted.
PRIVATE f. -.rally to take boy to board; Oak-
lard r>r*f err*<l : attends public school. Box
lC3tt.-Ca!l oftice.
BOOKS XVj
ECHOOL fcorfc*. o5d «nd new, hought and sold.'
DALY & CURRAN. 657 Geary U.
coi.i.i;ction orriczs.
Bad tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 41S
ilcutjcmcrj-. rooms 9-10; tel. Mala I>5S0.
o«o TO WANT S HUMAN— TO fLL THE WAN! ill I rib
CI.AIBVOYANTS.
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for SI.
The great — ELLSMERE — JEllsmere — The
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the
greatest cfairvoyant in the world; tells your
name, what you called for. whom and when
you will marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere
Is different from other clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do; things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
ecem impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
of any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future; he tells you Just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
interests in any matter; he awakens a natural
force within and around you, glvine you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence, unhappiness, disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or intentions of any one, even miles
away; remember there is no guesswork when
you consult him; if affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest you. he gives exact and
truthful advice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices 1007% Market st. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mall. $2.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COMB TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
DEMONSTRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, erery adver-
tised promise.
He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worriea; would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is permanently located at
428 Eddy St.; lady attendant.
Everything: strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for |L
PAUL DESTINE.
The First I Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation: I implant the
controlling power in your i nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.: closed Sunday. 823 O'Farrell st. 326.
MMB. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life (Jorrectly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays, events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice In
all affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A^ PROF. MAYO.
THE- GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
Bpedal this week, full life reading,
ONE DOLLAR.
No More. No Less.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
Private. No Signs. Walk in.
421 Ellis tt.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
All business strictly confidential.
A— Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer ar.ii life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c:" G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeresa. The Vendome, 1104
. Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day eveninc 6 to 8. Phone South 1141..^,
MME. MARSEAU: card reader; ladles 25c;
genta 50c. 545 Mlna st. , ¦¦.
JIJIE. WALTERS, ereai card reader: la. 25c,"
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card
reader: readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie.
PALMISTRY, card reading. MISS L. KAHN-
TUS, 704% Larkln; 10 a. m.. 9 p. m.
MME. EUGENIE, the Cheiro. reveals facts
that will actonlsh you. 478A Turk st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612% Eddy st.
! MRS. BAUMANN. (he well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st
CARPET^JBJSATINg^AITP C^EA~I1!TQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at phop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st;
phones Main 162 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 855-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison et.: Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-class
. carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. •
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet • Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 129.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 HarriBon St. :tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHING KENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; tcourin* and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Wha!ebon«! — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
• from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up;fllllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c: crown*. $2; no
' paln;opcn Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,20t Sutter.
DR. R. 11. WALSH has moved from 817 Gear7
st. to fiSO Geary ct. - -'
ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mlsslon.cor.6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND^SEAMSTEESSES
FINKELSTEIN.:410 Ellis— Ladies' tailor suits
to order on Installments If desired: reas.: call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
- _^
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
mov«-d to new fireproof buH-llng. 738 Mission
St., between Tlilrd and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West:
come and see. S. V. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THK Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; rpfs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
* ments for sttxlents . than all other. Western
schools; special nimmcr course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, ha« returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, «:.pirg; $3 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions. to graduates; Pit-
man . shorthand, typing. ;. bookkeeping ;$S mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.: est 1864; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon. Wed." and Thurs., 2 p. m..
32.'t Phelan /bide; 'terms ¦ very reasonable.
BOOKKEEPING. , EtjK.. math., etc. ; day and
eve. : individual Instr. 305 Larkln st.-Prof.
T.-A. Robinson. ; former, pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., C02 Van Neas
•, ave.: positions secured., R.H. .Webster. Pres..
MARSH BUSINESS COL-"
LICGU. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
BPSIIfESS CHAKCS^S.
A— $CSO- CORNER soioon. with 5 years' lease;
v*ry best location and a good paying busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 20H Kcarny st.
A— $300; COMMISSION business; established
many yearn; rent $S0; best location; investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 M Kearny at.
A— 510C0: BAKEKT; best location In the Mis-
sion ; rer.t Ji5; all store trade; baking 1%
barrels per day; 4 years' lease; 0 living
rooms. JJee K. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny Et.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse: oppo-
eitc carhouse; rent $16; a good paying busi-
ness. See K. G. WIKE. 2t>Sfr Kearny st.
, A— ?9fO; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms; kitchen, dining-room, 37 beds; good
paying and old established house; lease.
Call K. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $^c'.00: HOTKL with 27 furnished rooms
across the bay; 5 years' lease; rent $75; busl-
r.ci»f> first class, paying; finest location in
pco<J business town. R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st.
A— $900: CORNER ealoon on Fourth st.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
26 Kearny st.
A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; dally re-
ceipts about $35; business clears from $150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny et.
A— $1200; CORNER ealoon on Fol*om su: rent
$2C; place doing a first-class paying business.
See R. G. WILKE. 26V& Kearny Et.
A— $17M>; BAKERY, eetab. many years; daily
receipts $50; baking SU, barrels day: very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.20H Ktarny
$2000— BARBER Ehop; 4 chairs; elsgant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
. rent $75, Including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest buelness part of tnis city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2iiVt Kearny St.
A— $760; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living roomB; rent $23;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
cf Market tu Call R. G. WILKE. 2tJ}4
Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; leaae; one of ifae lieit lo-
cations in this city; rare cnance. bee R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t. >
A— $C500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
Bt.; 415-year lease; rent $107; place is ele-
pantly ntted up and never clearing l»ss than
$."»0 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2tS4
Kearny st. __^
A— $2000; HOTEL in Ean Mateo Co.: 28 fur-
nished rooms, dinlnxr and bar room, bowling
alley and danci pavilion: rent $100: horse,
wagon and 3 cows; S-year leas*. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A -$3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
ft.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will ln-
voloe about S2S0O; a well established and
flrst-class payins business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2iW0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' leas*
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. Se« R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER ealoon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale bouses; no night or
Eundny work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; Dlace must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
F. A. BARR, MGR.,
SUITE 807 and P08, CALL BUILDING.
PROSPEROUS LAUNDRY FOR SALEb
TJNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNUAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS. '
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can b« Increased to $15,000 MONTHLY by
Inx-eetlng a few thousand dollars in additional
machinery.
Best reasons for sell Inc.
THIS OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DUPLI-
CATED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED. BUT
parties with capital and meaning business can
obtain full particulars from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO.,
Suite 607 and 808 Call Building.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1H1^ Market St.,
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$600 — Restaurant; north Market, nr. Kearny;
stand lnvee.; rent $60. BERG, S18 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER: need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADIIOUSE: lease 4 years to run;
rent $o0. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny.
ATTENTION. BUYERS.
Newly furnished transient house: full;
llq-jor license; a years' lease; new building:
. clears $.'100 monthly. A. STENBERG, 759
Market st.
AM organizing small company of 20 people
that will Invest $10 per month In sending
out prospecting party in Nevada; if you
wish to Join an honest proposition address
box 1SG7. Call office.
HONEST partner in business that pays $100
per month to each: trial given; $100 required.
1130 Market St.. room 2.
BUSINESS man. 38. has several thousand dol-
lars to Invest with services In any paying
business; city or country. Box 1492, Call.
GOOD saloon; rent reasonable; well located;
price reasonable. Apply 997 Market Ft., r. 104^
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years: a fine located
licme ana established health resort, 27 rooms;
irverj! mineral springs on It: old age the
cause. For particulars . inquire . or call at
MRS. HOPPINS SPRING. Bartlett Springs
Lake County. Cal.
THE res.1 estate business of FRANK P. LEE.
located at all Broadway, bet. 8th and 9th
up.. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for tale. Any cne Interested will kindly
cal! at above address fo"r further particulars.
WASTES — Hu«tl«r with ability to sell candy
on salary: $15 to $30 r»er week: must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply immediately. KELLER CANDY CO.,'
477 Seventh et.,Oakland;branch San Francisco
A COMPETENT buslneps man with $2500 as
eerretary of a substantial company; can clear
$.1000 a year: this will bear closest investiga-
tion: money fully secured. 436 Crossley bid.
RESTAURANT fcr sale In Sacramento: doing
nicely and a good trade established for sev-
eral yetus; everything in first-class order;
will sell reasonable. Address, for particulars,
box 941. Call office.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of eicknens of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER. E. F. News Co., 342 Geary St.
MECHANIC with $2000 will find beet opportu-
nity ever offered to buy hair Interest in ma-
chine phop; gilt-edced security. Address
P. O. box 122, Martinez. Cal.
, $jO0— CANDY store, factory and Icecream busi-
nens: good country town; good reason for
1 selline. Address MRS. J. COFFANEY.
l'lrat-anton, Cal.
GOOD-paylng, well-established hardware store:
all nice clean «tock: must tell on account of
sickness; only $S250; will take half city real
estate. Box 1324. Call office.
SALOON for cale. cheap; good location. 838
Croadway, Oakland.
ELECTRICAL plating works for sale. 223
Tenth et.
$1500 CASH or security — Corner grocery and
liquors; best location; no opposition; big
stock: no agents wanted. ¦ 1772 Sutter «t.
' FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; . best location;
lone lease; owner must leave the city; no
acents. Inquire saloon, S9S Ninth st.
CANDY and icecream store for sale; S fur-
nished rooms; no reasonable offer refused.
531 Fourth Rt. . ........
WANTED — To buy a restaurant in good loca-
tion and price must be reasonable. Box &S4.
Call office. • .
DELICATESSEN store wanted. Address box
. 1O01. Call office.
FINE grocery and bar in the Mission for sale.'
' Box 1142. Call office.
EMPEOTBEEirr WA»^-Mal»~Cg^
MAN and wife want places on ranch or pri-
vate place; good all-round man: understands
care of horses; wife good plain cook. !*>•
THOMPSON. 162 Fourth st^
COLLECTOR— Situation wanted by a man of
several years' experience; best of reference
and bond furnished if necessary. Box lw«.
Call office. .
A FIRST-CLASS sober painter, paperhanger.
tinter and gralner wishes a steady position
in a large building or for an estate; state
wages and particulars. Box 1S55, Call.
STEADY, reliable younc man, 29. experienced
bookkeeper, desires position as bookkeeper or
assistant: Al references; your interest is my
| interest: wages low to begin. Box 1519. Call.
! GERMAN wlnemaker wants to get a place In
the city or country as cellar master or assist-
ant; has 15 years' California experience; can
give good references. 1074 Howard St., r. 1*.
YOUNG man. 28, steady and willing to work,
would like position with gasoline engine flnu
with a view to help him in his studies. Box
742. 1008 Market st !
WANTED — Situation, by an engineer and ma-
chinist, with l> years' experience; also un-
derstands electrical renerators, motors, ice
making, firing with oil. Box 1245. Call.
WANTED — A position by a flrst-class Chinese
cook: family or boarding-house. LIEN
YUEN. 1113 Clay st.. tel. 3658.
YOUNG man. 22 years old. writing a good
hand, wants position in office; quick at flg-
ures. Address box 16C3. Call office.
FRENCH pastry cook, used to flrst-class hotel;
well up In puddings pies, souffles, ices.
SCHANTAREL. 635 Eddy st.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
i stands care of private place, wishes posi-
tion; references. Box 1823. Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, steady, sober, wants
situation as porter and lunch man; can cook.
Box 1853. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cake and bread baker de-
sires a sltuatioln in the country or city;
state wages. Box 1712. Call.
DRUGGIST. 8 years' experience In East, wants
position; first-class references. Address box
1517. Call.
MALE nurse and masseur would like private
case, mental or Invalid; best of references.
G. W.. 1276 Ellis st.
CHOREMAN wants position on private place;
institution or elsewhere; references: wages
$30 a month and found. Box 1657. Call.
WATCHMAN, married man. aged 35. desires
a steady position; flrst-class references. Ad-
dress box 1637. Call office.
RELIABLE, steady, sober man wants position
as day or night watchman; city or country.
633 Sacramento St.. Overland House.
YOUNG man wants position as hat presser.
1222 Howard st.
WANTED — A position as night watchman.
Address T. D.. 768 Mission st.
POSITION In wholesale house; 5 years* experi-
ence. Box 1808. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cutter would like place in large
establishment; late of New York. Address
232 Scott st.
WANTED— Position to run elevator. 233 Third
street.
JOB wanted for a boy. 16, in store for errands.
Address E. CASE. 544 Jessie st.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. Box 1S19,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position with mercan-
tile house; experience and references. Box
1465, Call office.
Al COLLECTOR; can furnish bond. Box 1468.
Call office.
PORTER wants situation. Address box 1470.
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engineer and machinist wants
position. Box 1655, Call office.
WANTED — A position as bartender. Address
box 1656. Call office.
WANT work on small contracts and Jobbing in
carpenter work. A. M.. 8475 Nineteenth st.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced, wants small set
of books to keep. Box 1495. Call.
A CHINESE first-class cook desires situation.
Address JUNG GONG. 27 Waverly place.
GOOD Chinese, fine cook, wants position In
private family; wages $35 month up. LEM
SING. 717 Commercial st.
JAPANESE couple 'want situations in a fam-
ily; man as cook, wife as waitress; wages $50
up. F. I.. 423 Stevenson sL, San Francisco.
JAPANESE, flrst-class cook, wants position;
private family; has good reference. ENO-
MALD, 703 Larkln St.; tel. Polk 3782.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position In
small, nice family, near Spring Valley school.
Address K. K.. 1808 Polk st.
AN Intelligent Japanese wants a position as
a school boy. M. YAMADA, 012 Bush St.;
phone John 2519.
HONEST Japanese wants a position to do
housework: who understands thoroughly:
city or country. Address GEORGE. 602
Dupont at.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do saloon
and store cleaning, morning time. 8. G.,
1504 Folsom st. ; phone Folsom 3385.
A JAPANESE, good cook wants a position,
city or country: wages $7 up; or schoolboy
in city. FRANK. 931 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pasres. in wrapper, for malllns*. $1 per year.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE— Steam automobile for lot or
houee and lot. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Sta-
tion. South Berkeley.
FLATSTO IO:T.
t _— —
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st.; on the square.
TO let — Just completed; 3 beautiful flats, 7
and 8 rooms: rent $50 and $60; 1304-1306-1308
McAllister St., N. W. corner of Steiner:
must be seen to be appreciated; open from
9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FOR rent — Oak st.: elegant new flats: 6 and 7
. 7 rooms and bath: rent reduced; facing Pan-
handle. 1021 V4 Market: phone South 622.
GREEN. 2132, nr. Webster — Most elegant new
10-room upper flat, with attic; sun all day;
• superb, unobstructed marine view; $70.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
NEW upper and lower flats; 6 sunny rooms:
bath: rooms tinted: $25 and $30: northeast
corner Twenty-second and Fair Oaks sts.
CALIFORNIA. 1254. Neb Hill— Flat to let;
present tenant will sell furniture at bargain:
no dealers.
BUSH. 1664, below Gough. lower flat— $25; 7
very, large rooms; no objection to children.
COLE, 863. near' Carl — New modern upper
sunny flat: 6 rooms and bath; rent $32 50.
ELIZABETH, 707 — Modern new flat, 7 rooms
and bath: rent $20.
FREDERICK. 464A — That new. elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. flat;2 toilets: mod.plumblng;$27 50.
HAMPSHIRE, between 21st and 22d— Two new
flats. 5 rooms and bath; Mission warm belt.
1 MCALLISTER. 1353. bet. Steiner and Pierce—
Elegant sunny middle flat. 7 rooms and bath.
N ATOM A, 714, near Ninth— Upper flat; 4
sunny rooms; large porch; rent $14.
NEW upper flat. 7'room«i: every convenience.
350 Precita ave. ; rent $22 50.
NEW sunny tinted middle flat; 6 rooms and
bath: rsnt $30. 2602 Post st.
i NEW lower flat, 5 rooms: every convenience;
$20. Cor. Preclta and Treat aves.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms, bath and yard;
$22 50. 16 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
UPPER flat: 7 rooms, storeroom., laundry; fine
marine view. 23B2 Vallejo st.
g_AT8 TO LST- P~ BK ISHEP.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath:, rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m., 79 South
Park^ \ ¦•¦
EDDY. 753— Beautiful flat of 4 rooms, bath,
laundry, ' very sunny.' for $45.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED, by family (3 adults). - careful ten-
ants, new upper flat cr house 7 rooms. Oak-
, land, Berkeley. Alameda. Box 1857. Call.
EPUCATIOgAIi — qontlnned.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults; 50c 2305 Mission, cor. 20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S.Haight st.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man'n School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
BPANISH.French.ttc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Post; est.l871;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. C02 Monte" my.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business Collece. S45 Haight;
individual lnstruc; all branches; day. eve.
WESTERN Buslne— College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $6 mo. $30: eve. $4 mo.; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 825 Golden
Gate ave.. E. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
• r MpjLQ— arEKT orricES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
6. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James S261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers;
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESErChlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. ;tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE) Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce : all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPIOYMEBTT WAITTED — fEMALI.
YOUNG lady, good amanuensis, seeks en-
gagement, or would take small salary to
learn business in wholesale warehouse. Box
1S57. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants a position for plain cook-
ing and housework In a small family; no
windows: wages $25. 408 Austin ave., near
Gough st.
NURSE for grown children; expert with needle;
many years with one family; best city refer-
ences. ' Box 1S60, Call office.
A MARRIED lady wishes position as house- '
keeper for an elderly couple or widower
where husband can board. Box 16S1. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation:
cooking and general housework. Address
2222 Post st.
COMPETENT woman with a child, good cook,
desires position; ranch: adult family; wages
$20 to $25. 630 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes confinements.
Phon« Church 2356.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants position In
private family. 1048 Larkln at.
WOMAN with a child wants housework, city
or country. 824 Mason St.; phone Black 2396.
SITUATION wanted by a good, reliable Ger-
man girl In small family; general house-
work; plain cooking; good wages; send no
postals ¦ cards; a stranger from the East.
Call at 320 Fourteenth st.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing' by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee satisfaction; $1 25 and carfare. 189
Fourth St., first flight, room 24.
EXPERIENCED candy and ice cream sales-
lady wishes position in candy store. Box
1836. Call office.
COMPETENT, experienced • nurseglrl wants a
position. Apply 4 Dodge St.. off Turk, near
Larkln.
GERMAN lady wishes to do plain sewing by
the day: $1 and carfare. Address box 1525.
Call office.
LADY with child 9 years wishes position as
housekeeper; If small infant there preferred;
fully experienced in nurslngr children. 800
Hampshire. Bt.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at
home; satisfaction guaranteed. Address
MR3. YAGER. 28% Moss St.
RELIABLE Canadian woman wishes place as
housekeeper or housework in small family.
Call 229 Franklin st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by day;
$1 50. 16S4. San Jose ave. Phone Church
2356.
WANTED—^A position as hairdresser. 9 Ros-
coe st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
cleaning, etc. 321 Valencia st.
A GOOD sewer would like to go out by the
day as helper for dressmaker. Box 1815, Call.
WANTED — Copying or typewriting at home.
Box 1468. Call office.
WANTED— Plain sewing by the day. Address
Seamstress, 544 Jessie st.
WANTED, by a respectable woman, washing
by half day. Call 3275 Harrison st.
AUSTRIAN girl wants position: house or
chamber work. ¦ S017 Twentieth st.
JAPANESE woman desires position at house-
work or kitchen help. K. IMAI. 1336 Cali-
fornia st.
JAPANESE woman wants position as plain
cook and housework In the city. Address
MRS. NOBU. 4 Carlos place.
JAPANESE «rlrl wants position as cook and
do housework. K. F., 630 Stevenson st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister 'st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT WAK T EP— MAXE.
YOUNG man, 20 years old, 4 years' experience,
first-class hotels, knowledge German, Eng-
lish. French, wants office position In hotel.
Address MARTIN' J. DUTTBERND. 1028
Jackson st.
SITUATION wanted by young man. honest
and reliable, in photo gallery; 3 years' expe-
rience; developing and retouching specialty.
Box 1858, Call office.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a reliable man; understands garden-
ing, care of horses and milking; good refer-
ences. Box 1CJ>6, Call office.
A GROCERY clerk and bartender. German,
middle-aged and single, wishes a eltuatlon:
flrbt-clas» references. W. BOHLING. 417
Knarny st.
STEADY, reliable young man, 29, experienced
bookkeeper, desires position. as bookkeeper or
assistant; Al references; your interest is my
Interest; wages' low to begin. Box 1519, Call.
NURSE (male), graduate training school,
wishes mental or other cases; nine years'
experience flrst-class hospital: best of refer-
ences; willing to travel. Box 1719. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED gardener wants "steady posi-
tion: sober and industrious; references.
Gardener, 631 Sacramento St.. city; room 42.
MAN and wife wish positions, country; wife
cook, few men; man do general work.
GEORGE PRONGUE. 333 Jessie st.
YOUNG man wants position as general office
man or salesman: best of references. Box
. 1810. Call office.
YOUNG man speaking German. French. Eng-
lish and Spanish wants position. Box 1866,
Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school
boy; speaks English well. K. GEORGE. 929
' Sacramento st.
YOUNG German wants situation as butler.
Box 1716, Call office.
A POSITION wanted by American. 37 years of
age. as coachman or man about country
' place; thorough horseman: understands care
of cows, lawns, etc.: handy with tools:
strictly temperate; best of references. Box
1526 Call office. - '
WANTED— Work by an experienced detective.
997 Market st.. room 104.
EASTERN gentleman, flrst-class salesman;
what have' you to off er. Box 1493, Call of flee.
GOOD barber wants steady work. Address box
1714. Call office. -
MINING man, thoroughly reliable and compe-
tent, age 33 years, strictly non-union, wishes
¦ to have charge of work In or about Goldfield,
Nev.: -best of references. Room 47, Win-
chester Hotel. . • ¦
COMPETENT foreman for vineyard and cellar,
¦ also experienced in orchard, wishes position.
Please apply 630 ; Sacramento st. ¦.
GRADUATE masseur wants patients or steady
¦ uositlon. Address Box 1459, Call office.THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
11
.agAg^ B3TATS— coTrarraT-.roT s«nw
FOR SALE. PALO ALTO. PALO ALTO.
Near Palo Alto; 13 acre3 of choice orchard
land: beautiful location; surrounded by
orchard homes; rrlce $17C0; also » acre*
adjoining. $1000: bargains. Box 1521. Call.
¦A— $S.VO: bujrness property in St Helena.
Napa County: lot S7:Cxl23; large butWin*.
AS rooms. 3 stores, leased for $75 per month-
a bargain. Also beautiful residence property
in same place. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26ii Kearny st.
POULTRY farmers — W« hav* farms for you
all In Scntmsr. the banner poultry county;
send for descriptive circular* easy terras.
PETERS A BAINES. 116 Montgomery st
ALL or any part of 43 acres Al cultivated val-
ley loam, no adobe, no waste. n»%rly adjoin-
ing Nara. at $5t per acr»: cas*i or term*;
can't be equaled for $I0O. SICKEL8. 6 G«ary.
FOR farms, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands.
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches.
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHER31EX*
A CO.. 507 California sf.. San Francisco.
TVANTKD — To rent place suitable for poultry;
give price and description. Address bcx 1404.
Call office. Oakland.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues w.t free. C -. WOOSTZR CO..
648 Market st
A WEEK'S news far S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, fsr mailing. $1 per year. ¦
WINDOWS TO VIEW PARADE.
SEATS and wtodovs to Tie— partd*. lOCSft
Market St.
GORE, comer Market. Powell sjid Eddy sts.:
large bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 3.
MARKET. l<n»— Finest and best view in city;
reas. to partita, single »«at». McDowell r»rl.
BERKELEY ADYERT'S'NTS
BZBXE-EY BSAZi ESTATE.
Building lets at
Dwight way station. Berkeley.
On terms. Prices, Wx>. $»<*> and $1"X>O
each. Shattuck ave..
Ward. Derby, Fulton and Ellsworth sts.
Call at office for pamphlet.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beta
opened at IOCS Market st. eppesite FUta.
Open until 11 p. m.
FRUITVALE ADV ? T ? SMNT3
raxnTVAXi! eeal estate.
FOR SALE— $2750: It cost $3730; rents for $23
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 4Cxl5» Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERrS'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OA— XvAJTD SEAL — gTATS.
S100 DOWN and monthly payments will buy
a new, modern cottage, with op*n plumbing, '
porcelain bath, bay window, electric lightint,
with all modern conveniences: large lot; .
sunny side of the street, macadamized an 1
sewered; clcse to San Pablo ave. and t:-.»
Quickest direct line to Ean Francisco; in-
cluded with this Is windmill and tank, sup-
plying water to two other adjacent houses,
giving the property a perpetual Income be-
sides free water; this Is an exceptional
chance to get a desirable home on payments
like rent.
A builder who is overwhelmed with debts
is forced to sell a new. modern, colonial
horn* (never occupied>. with every conven-
ience: large lot. sunny frontage; street work
all done: stone walks; modern open plur.it-
lnr. and every possible convenience; only a
half block from Telegraph ave.: this is not
an expensive place and anybody can hand!*
it even with a little cash, but It must be sell
at once In order to save the property: win
be sold for le?s than would cost to 'dupli-
cate it. The first to close a deal gets It
GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1062 Broadway. Oakland.
$3,500— Beautiful corner let In Linda Vlst*.
77x126; cculd subdivide.
L. V.
$1,500— Beautiful home cf 6 rooms; lot 32x159;
North Oakland: a good buy.
$2. 4 CO — 5- room house: large pantry and
c!o3-ts; house not two years old; on
Thirty-second St.. near Grove.
117
$3,250— New i_H-»tory house en Thirty-sec-
ond st; 5 rooms and bath; all con-
veniences.
1343
$3.450— 6- room bungalow tn best residence
district; large lot; should b« investi-
gated.
1367
$10.000— Fine property in growing locality;
lot "5x100. with house of 13 rooms; will
increase In value rapidly.
140
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT,
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
EAST TERMS— PRICE MODERATE
FOR A
Strictly modern 7-room home, containing finest
sanitary plumbing; combination gas and elec-
tric fixtures; swell blrdseye maple mantel: fuel
gas main; every room sunny: large terraced
lot In, lawn; ample room for driveway and,
stable: between Grove street and Telegraph
ave facing boulevarded street; the most com-
plete In the city; 35 minutes via Key route to
San Francisco; location exceptionally dry moA
fhei— lal. Remember. Telegraph ave. Is soon t»
be bitumlnlsed to Fortieth st. Increasing con-
tiguous values: 545 37th st.; key at owner* s.
6«T7 37th St.. or at
HARRY L. HOLCOMB-S
Office. 314 Saa Pablo ave.. Oakland.
The above home ready for IMMEDIATE
occupancy.
$1CCO CASH. $12 monthly; chicken ranch: cot-
tage of 3 rooms: brooding-house.* 14x30; barn,
l^te- 2 fine chicken-houses. Al brooder, i
incubators. 12 lota. 150x256; all fenced an4
cross-fenced: fine well of water: sandy loan*
soil- an ideal ranch for chicken business;
near electric cars and large public school,
etc - adjoining East Oakland; call or s«n<J
for' circular, 455 Seventh st. opposite Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free. H, Z.
JONES. Land Owner.
FRANK P. LEE. »11 BROAD" TAT.
A GENUINE bargain: modern, sunny eotta**;
5 rooms; porcelain bath and sink; gas aad
fixtures; lot 45x100: cast frontage, between
Broadway and Telegraph ave.; near Key
route: would rent for $18 per month: prlc*
reduced from $2150 to $1M5; most be soil
at once.
$1300 BUTS a Grore-st. corner; lot 80x90. with
small cottage, well and stable: ontyW
minutes to San Francisco via. Key twite*
monthly fare only $3; trains every 20 m_ mtas|
owner leaving for Earop*: property mart
be sold Immediately. RICHARD J. MONT-
GOMERY. Key route station. Fortieth st.
and Telegraph ave.. Central Oakland.
FOR sale — 10 acres, of land In the sninrts of
Oakland; well located to subdivide and sell
lots- electric ears to the property; would ex-
change tor Improved property In San Frma-
cisc© or Oakland. E. BISHOP. 468 Test*
st, Os— land.
> A SNAP.
$2750 for * fine eottage of 9 room*: iarc* *•»
c»ption hall, large lot; an street work doo-y
$500 cash, balance on term* If desired. F.&
LASSEN A CO.. 468 Tenth «t. Oakland, &L
IX)OK THESE UP*
For sale— Two Cats In elegant location; toe
i Income property: a genuln» bargain : *Jf» »f*
I In Mountain View Cemetery. 122 square feet
I ccp£*Tperpetual care. Address box 1402. Call
I office. Oakland. ¦
FOR sale— Modern home; lot «xl50; «&>r>«
rooms- barn, chicken-yards, fralt. flowers.
£a™tlfuluWn; SO mtaut- to Saa T™***:
Key Route; should be MM to appreciate. In-
quire Owner. 4T7 Thlrty-ftmrth st.. near Tel-
egraph »ve. East
FOR sale — Improved property, paying 8 per
cent on Investment: on Tele»rap* ave^. «n>>-
site Idora Park. Address box 133S. Call of-
fice. Oakland. '
A WEEK' 5 news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKXANPjf T~M<jlTlJ JKB ~O JLJ—^t^-.
TO^M^R^W^hTdly^oTbaTgTlns to furaJ-
tnrer H. Scnelhaas.llth «t.cor.8tore.Oafcj_g..
MILL VALLEY APV'RT'S'M'Ta
MILL VAtLEf REAL K»TAT-,
tVM>— FIVE cottages, completely faralsaed:
itore and refreshment table: mineral
spring and other improvements: good wtoi
lnves«n«Bt. Apply Redwood Rest, beyond old
milt. Mill Valley/ - __ w
Continued on P»«e TwcU*t
JOTI.X.INEBY. |
PRIVATE lessons given day and evening; :
terms reasonable. 24 Ninth st.
MONEY JLOAW. j &
AAA^HERMAN MURPHT.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exDenses by dealing dlrecUy.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests. as«lgnments of rents, property in trust.
ttc; legacies, life estates and undlvl'ded in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous tieatment. Strictly confidential. 1
. - When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% and 6 per cent
..Apply direct saving time and expense..
City Oakland, town and country property.
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates In probate, undivided Interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Intsreets In
property purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
1 WILL LOAN ~
A reasonable amount on
f 1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on rial estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or -country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call Office.
_____________
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A— ON rurnlture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity: aleo on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgaces or en any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 86 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private ©lace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 3
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S48 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.: cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. £26 Parrott bdg
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. SOT Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on fumlture*or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery st. rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 600 Rlal-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. Uolt«d Loan and
Trnst Co.. 21 Stockton st
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, siH-er.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HEPTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
fcTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811. Mutual Sav. Bit. bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual gav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
IndOrser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Pall. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pianos for email rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors, '
halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per month,
some at $2, a large number of good ones at
$2 60 per mo.: our own. make pianos at $3_
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money In S. F.); a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; 'over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 600-64 Hayes at
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS. EASY PAYMENTS
Erard. splendid for practice $40
Sherman. Hyde * Co.. splendid order $125
Grovesteen & Fuller, a bargain $145
AIbo Chlckfrlng, Weber, Steinway, Voee,
Steck, Sterling and others at low prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms lowest price* and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes In used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary »t; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
PIANO for sale at sacrifice; owner anxious to
sell; good toned; been well cared for. For
particulars address box 1S«J2, Call office.
WANTED— A good upright piano; state make,
age and price; no dealers. Box 1524, Call.
NEW piano; bargain; easy, payments. 1624
Page Rt.
Talking machines, guttars, etc: easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Bruenn, 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
hogany catc; cheap. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI
.780 Mission st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Po»t st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-FEDAL Steinway up: O.lckering baby grand;
Shoninger. little usod. Kecffe's. 2.X5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
AN elegant store for rent: suitable for barber
shop, tailor or haberdasher. Inquire at
Temple Bar Saloon. 700 Grant ave.
GOOD offices; ground floor: dry basement, OOx
\ 24, with elevator; suitable for broker; rent
reasonable. 117 Sacramento at. ¦ - -
FOR rent— Section of large loft; light and airy.
L. MINK. 100 New Montgomery Bt.. 7th Jijor
VALENCIA, 1304 — A small, neat store and
fixtures; cheap rent.
PHYSICIANS AND SXT-GEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21% Market *t. bet. «th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseaaea of women.
BL'OOD. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. HALL. 1C73'4 Market «t.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human bedy; for
past four yearn at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at Cti7 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eates cured by Chinese herbs. 74U-S Clay st
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg,, W2 Market it.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS^ Helen Mining
Company (Incorporated), San Francisco,
California — At a meeting of the directors and
stockholders of the above company held Sep-
tember 2, 19C4. an aa&essment of one (1)
cent per share was levied on the capital
stock, payable Immediately to the Secre-
tary. M. J. BROLAN, at the company's of-
fice, pier 7, Pacific st. San Francisco. Said
assessment becomes delinquent October 17.
1901, and all unpaid assessed stock will be
sold November 2, 1904. to pay the above as-
, sessment and cost of advertising. M. J. BRO-
LAN. Secretary. <
3TECIAI. NOTICES. _^
THE Vnnual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held en MON-
DAY. September 20. 1004. at 9 a. m.. at the
rffice of the association. Point Lobos ave..
(or the election of trustees and such other
business that may be legally brought before
It By ftrd»r of tht Board of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President
GFIORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
AX exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, ifo. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriter! at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st
2D-HAND typewriter* : sold, rented.' repaired.
. Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
A— 54UKI;AY £. READY. C« and t£56 Clay tt.
i'J»or.e Ma:a iS-f.
Leading t^r^iuymem and Lsbor A«ent*.
**r'« :,-..« tin.- German. French. Italian,
boaafllQaV'— A. tircck, Spanish. Slavonian aaJ
1 MDisJl i»m:ayr»
:•.?<> »« Gave \*>* W« Hope to
?"-•.<*w Mia tVcrk. ir.<.rc_e iiJ.VM.
- Levcm-jiB. gaselier dredftr, $75 fd.
Hliickfimitli s hcl.-rr. cam;). iOc :»-"». **'" »«•
Lifc-Uterer. lie tur*, 50 «la>.
NEW JOBS.
liC- v. uodchoi - i>er».
CALL EARLY— 13
rLi:i!BLK6. i'LUMUEit ft. PLUMBERS.
HE IS COMING,
w *lairle «r.d double fcaj-.ii mln<»r». »-5 to
0 tfcucJs ter.flers. J75; C muckei*. $57 BO.
fcte manager of mine at «--nr nfflce to-day.
ARK YOU GOING TO BUTTE7
£.*> tearr'ter*. isj>»<-!al job, $67 50.
MURRAY L UHAIY. 034 'iM Pay gt.
ARE TOU GOCCC TO LCS ANGELKP. BAN
BERNARDINO. RlYEltSlL'E. PoMONA,
BEOLA2i>~D6T
~'j niK LA KD OF SUNSHINE. FRUIT
AND FLOWERS?
V.'fctre xr_:i aa wojk every "ie>- at $50 ma.
OBAKGE ANi> LEMON DIST.
I«>5 t'errv.er* war.ted. t^.O month.
* Ship by Santa Fe. $4 <U».
MURRAY & READY. C14-6M day st.
X. V. T. K. R. OWN" WORK— SEE US
IC5 librrert. sf.ker*. ttrappers. track lay-
srs, ei<~ . rteafiy jcb year round; wages
160. cut tfc-.s out, ask tprc»ally for this
yiy- X. V. T.
MURRAY A P_WkDT. 634-636 C_y st
FAP.E REFUNDED. It costs yoo nothing.
ALL L'AV HE IS WITH US.
General Mar.tg*r at ocr Office. See him.
GREAT GOLD MJNE CENTER.
r.8 nreaHborat teamsters. wip» JtSO.
49 laborers, you'!! do, wages $60.
Special P.. R . fare $2. 6te_3y Jcb# for you.
12 EOILEF.- MAKERS.
12 bciler-mak»!r«. 12 bcller-mskers.
£C]'.c to 36-^c toour. S2VjC to S6'-,c boer. I
F KEE fare— Man*i~r at cur offlce— FREE fare I
BOYS— BOT S— BOTH.
25 b->78 cr young men. hex eactory. $35 fd.
MECHANICAL.
R cairerters, ranrri. fare fl M>, $40 fc-jnJ.
FOR—VAN JSOX FACTORT. $100.
S — oodw««rkrrs. 4 b*neh han-ls. $-*?.
Man. make tables, tske l;sd. %3 day.
2 fcrus_T.a_CTs. cdtirnry: r»r.d sawyer, city.
SHIP CALXEH.
6 IRON HOLDERS.
Slack eoeper*: 2 vamifh flr.iFh— s.
BLAC^MITHS. .
2 Burses hoere. fire and floor. $4 day.
12 FLASTEREP.Ss I* &&
FARMS. DAlRIE.-. ETV.
14 cfcoreir.en. bcye w* us. $15. *20. $--V» fd.
C« reneral farm hands. F'.eady J<-l-s, $50 fd.
12 ciJkera, variou* •:*•**. $3m $35 fouad.
BAKERS.
T-<rerr:an <_ke baker. S25 w«*lc.
3 h*'r i ers. difftrect hakrrW. $20. $25. $35 fd.
URAPERT.
Experienced dr*j>*ry »3J»«nan, city.
BUTCHEKR.
F theea fcutchw*. $*^-
* t.uicheis. different I'laees. r30, $40. ?50,
f<* r ' anS founa.
4 rhlM men $2 75. 3 eaufage rr.akfrs, $14.
. -*rs. iio">!6 et.<J saloons. $20. $25. $30
and EocbO.
"2 t^'tert. different j:aces^ $25. SSA, $35 fd.
OOOKf*.
Cr«k $40; dishvarher. $15: hotel, mine di*.
-k*.. O!t_rcDt claw*. $10. $40, $50. $70
aad found.
EELU ELEVATOR BOT»— BEDMAKERS.
8 <_§;-. washer*, different clace», $20, $3'i fd-
LAUNDRY.
2 *:arch irt-Tsert, $12 to $16 wetk.
Polisher, ir— ler. »tarch*r. fare $1 6n. $2 .W
MARRIED.
Farrrer and wife; ir.an as foreman, wife
. fjok 3 m«?ri; $C5 to $75 fd.: far* $3; "or**
fc«r».
rtrrr.rr end w'.fe. rnan tearr. ster. wife cook;
¦c.-v. $.r.5 ar.d found.
Ftm*r ar. 1 ! wife, ftock ranch; no woman
dtere. $40 and four.'l.
Farmer asd wife. 25 cows; wife cook 3 men.
$40 ar.3 found.
Married farmer, p-uthrm town. $30 fd.
to the notes.
1 raa'h'n* rr.inTv. fJ">.
15 carpenter*. 15c far* $3 day.
3 *h!sgW*. 50c fare. $1 r-er M.
Prtwrn-rnaker fcr ir:ne. $4 5>> day.
Blackfmlih. fare $1 :««. K- L.. $3 day.
LOOK.
Farmer end wife, fare $1 30. extra good
Jcb, J50 and fnurA.
FREE FARE.
T- p!-mJ>*r*. non-union. ** a day.
2 carport**-!", ifft^ry. s-'l day.
W*jr<jljr«T-r. on'ierrtt.r'i* gas engin*. *10 fd.
» laborer*. 10c far". $6n.
Mar lor pun club, rcw r-oat. £tf) found.
Cook, rarirri, U>c Jar*-. S2r. to $40 and found.
Yeans ~^n. learn Unckfmlthing. $7 week.
3 Uack«_:?hF. $3 day.
Gittitc for^nsan. $50 «nd found.
2 butctwri*. city, gocd job. $2 50 day.
2 nitl^KLATKRS. $5.
Rrurh painter. 35c fare $2 day.
P.ARTKNDER. $4V ' AND FOUND.
<*ook. rar<-r\ Napa. $35 and found.
3IURRAT & READY. C54-C3G Clay st.
BARBER vtr.Ut. 1*2 Eighth et.
WANTED— Y«--r.g barber. 2^ years' experi-
ence. «<¦« Fci.«crn St.
GOOD t*«-t*r fh<-»i for Fale. Inquire at S2C
Jioritgcmery ave.
PLUMBER '¦ h«l;*r war.ted. He* KAYSER,
470 Ham £t
APPRENTICE en coat*; paid while learning.
Room 2. 3d floor. 3 Hardie pi., eff Kearny.
COATMAKEH wanted for country. DETMER
WOOLEN COMPANY.
CABINETMAKER warred: lrt-<*laM — orkmaa.
THE FINK & SCHINLiLER CO.. 1300 Market
ALL unemployed clerln. bookkeepers, mechan-
ics. tk.:.cc &sd unclLilied laborers, ar* lnvitvd
to rr-gisrer with us free of charge UORD
A SMITH. 65 Third st. 6. F.
A MAN of In 4otr.i table energy and push, a
rood talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
PON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
WANTED — Experienced doinertie salesman.
Appiy between 9 and 11 a, m., at HALE
BROS.'
BOYS wanted — Oocd wages; steady employ-
ment; ?cr American District Messenger Ser-
vice. Apply at C 7 Market ft.
WANTED— An errand bey. 7S Geary st #
WANTED — To buy a barber shop. Addre«s
G. H.. S74 Howard et.
MEN to learn barber trade; c_y eight weeks
r~jaire4; ccrsttant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured: special induce-
ments this month: catalogue mailed free.
Meier System College. <S5 Clay st.
WANTED — Men aad boys to learn plamblr.g
trade: Cbyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
PlTTTcfctnc: eend for catalogue. Address 4&73-S°
Easton ere.. St Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men ar.d women to prepare for
Gov«TzrneBt position*. App!y for free cata-
logue giving particulars . Pacific Correspond-
ence Iutltute. Grant bidg.. 103S Market at
WANTED— Laborer* acd mechanics to ksow
that Ed Rolk'.n. Reno House proprietor, has
«od*4 J0(» n«w rooms to th* Denver House,
217 Thiri tt.; 25« rooms : 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED- Flrrt-c!?.ss. experienced clothing
— .Ifstnsn: cce with country experience pre- j
femd; s:ate age, experience and salary ex-
ptcte-d. ApgSt bcx 1505. Call oface.
FOR sale— Firtt-clats 2-chair «aop in Palo
Alto: long leas*: rent $15: shop 22x19; 2
rooms in back; auroust tcckseis; running 4 j
yeirs. Inquire *.t C*.I1 cfEce. 1
BARIiF.RS — Good shop near city; only fhop In 1
town: rr.Bist be *oi4. DECKELMAN BP.O3 .
1UC Ellis «t.
FOR es!»— First-class 2-tr:a!r barber ehep;
Kooi bufinr.sk; *s> rent; good laundry trade;
linny rooms. furn:».nre; $150. 1119 Fclsom.
K.Xl'KP-lENCED salesman for boys' clothing ¦
wt^:eil. App!y superintendent's office Th* {
E*JJx-r:--n:.
Ti.Y our _ea's shoes, osica made; Jl & ?1 15
pair: foot-fern shoes. f2 50: we pty *xar*ss
• i.T'f 11 S3 »~t.. Em. t!4. :open tin 9 p. m.
MEN £X«d weme-n icam the tartar trade; wages
paid v.r.K* learning. Hatgbt'c.ct' CommerciaL
2 y&uns znrn to learn the barbtr trade; a good
" : ,i.i..L. For {mrtictilare call at 751 Mission st.
O:«'C $40 revolving barlxr chair asd balance
of farciuire. fe'jl Capp st
CANDY^MAKmS wasted. ArrlV »t F. H.
Eronlnc''. SZ> Seventh et.. Oakland.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
'.aUlca In e.F. Barber Collfre v ?4lA Howard.
E MLOIiS ar.3 ordinary seamen Tcr all parts of
' the world ct Ki;liMA.V6. a* Stewart »t
FOR tale — 2-tT.sir barber »Jjrp and 2 house-
keeping rocms furnished. Inquire Call office.
"EN wanted at 127 3d st, where eho«r» are re- j
r<air«* by machinery .itwrf etdts 10 ratou. 75c. ,
La~B0R otbtj collected: na'.t*.' attachment*. •
L«w tr.d AdJttJtnyrt Co.. ."CS Montsy~.r.41^
SAILORS arid y-ur* n rrt isreen haEds) for
mps. HA-L3-aT. U1 Jactaon at
wivCHnFTEH Hotel. 44 Third tt. near Mar-
krt--;00 room*: n! S ht.- reading rooms;
free 'bus and bazsare to and from ferry. 1
AT. C. R- HANSn:; & CO/S 4'JO Bush st
station gengs (Scandinavians)
New R. R. work
B?s job, Oregon 1 cent a mile rate
1V> tearetters. laborers. ..New electric R. R.
Fare $2 SO Refunded after tiO days
No off.ee fee I'cid by boss
O<jtne one Come all
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Ch»f«. hotels $1K»-$8O
Chef and fun crew, hotel. Arizona.
2d cocks, north $75
Ehlrt finished, country hotel loundry $40
Washer and Ironer. y-raii hotel, north, fare
paid. $30; barkeeper. $40: young, neat tvaiter.
excellent place, good tips, $40.
Porters, dishwashers, waiters, bell, elevator
bCTS.
C. R. HANSEN - CO 429 Bush st.
THE KMPLOYCS' REGISTER CO..
219 Kf«my rt. I'hc'ie Bla<-k 2441
AI st»n'rrcrhor, muel cprak Spanish. $100.
3 delicat^tsen men. «I5 »-t
Roistered drug clerk. $75.
Floor walker, $75.
Al cardencr. country, $£0.
Pantryman, wash glasses, 4S5 and board.
2 waiters. $40.
L-elieatew-n man, country. $50.
Open evenings. 7 to 9. BROWER * CROSBY.
DAIRY for'rran. SoO and board: « carpenters.
*4 <I«y. fcr country; screw turne*- for mill,
t>r/» nnd hcsr'i; " V-oodchopprTi. $1 75 cord:
4 rruck-rs. $2 50 dar: teamsters fcr mtr.e.
$2 50 <!ay; butcher's helper. $30 and board:
cabinet maker. $3 day: farmers. $30 and
board: farm teamster. $1 15 a day ar«j found;
fry <ock. $14 ae«k: broiler, $15 week: rtstau-
rVnt porter, $30; waiters, kitchen men and
others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 636 Sacra-
mento st /
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial St.. tear Kearny.
Phwe Buth ST.3. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Rhrter. large co.. free far* $3 25
4 carpenters, free far* $97 SO
5 ca!p«-n«-r*. !arp* company $?0 found
<i carpenters, north, steady work $97 50
3 farm?™". 5 woodcriGi>perj'. 3 cooks. 100 lab-
orers. •*•:."»$¦•.".•' <lay; plenty otb*r jobs.
Blacksmith, southeast $105
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. la—
Andrew Torrie, cook, please call this office.
WANTED — A competent cellar man who tin-
<l»r»tands rectifying, blending of liquors and
handlinc cf wines for a wholesale liquor
house: mu«t come well recommended. Apply
box 1S5J'. Cal! office.
YOUNG men everywhere; copy letters: home
tvenir^s; fc* .Vi week. Send addressed en-
velope for fiirtlcularB, Manager Dept S4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
YOl'NCJ rr_n who is an experienced flocr man-
a««»r war.ted. cue familiar w'.th the dry goods
business preferred. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BUYER and manager for a large grocery
wanted. Apply, stating all particulars, ref-
erenef-R, salary, etc., box 1S61. Call office.
STRONG boy about 15 years old for errands,
by whol»?al» hc-us*. EASTMAN KODAK
CO., 643 Market st
WANTED — Young man with $75 for good pay-
ing business. Address box 1590. Call office.
A YOI'NG man who Is a thoroughly experi-
enced crockery packer wanted. Apply be-
twe»n 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
FIRPT-CLASS cutter of good appearance;
Ft<»adv [nation to right party. Apply S. N.
WOOD * CO.. 140 Market et.
ONE cr two men tn learn a good trade: steady
work: no night or Sunday work: ?25 security
required. Apply 310'i Folsom St.. upstairs.
WANTED — Boy to learn carriage blackfmlth-
lng. with recommendation. MS Harrimn st.
WANTED — I-chalr barber fhop: city or coun-
try; Etate price. Box 1S64. Call office.
BOT warned at drug store. Twenty-first and
Valencia sts.
A BOY wanted by S. DAMNER. the tailor.
2f»> O'Farrell st
BOY wanted in gr<x-ery. Call to-day, corner
P.-:.-h and Mason ets.
WANTED — Non-union sallmakers. Apply 14
Fpf-ar rt., top floor.
EXPERIENCED boy to drive butcher wagon.
Z<~''. Mission et.
BTROXG boy wanted" In Cower store. 236
FuttT St.
PRESSER. California Clothing Renovatory.
>7 OFarrell wt
BOY about 1j for men's furnishing store. 424
Kearay at.
BAREER 3-chair shep. at bargain; don't miss
it. ltt<0 Valencia st.
BARBKR shop fcr sale: 2 chairs steady: owner
poinr to Europe. Inquire at Call office.
TWO-CHAIB barber shop fcr sale; half price;
$"5: owner will leave town. Apply Call office.
BAREERS — Good paying 2-chair « shop for sale
cheap; must sell this we*k. 11C3 Howard st
HUSTLING man cf good address. 121 Geary
st. room 629. between 1 and 4 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan * Church sts.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullls,r.40.Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. O. A. R.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1009 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL slses men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d Ets.
GET your shoe« half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. SC3 Mlsirn st.. bet. 1st and 2d «t«.
' HORSES AOT WAOOirS.
BAY carriage team, 17 hands, 1200 pounds each,
price $400; double carriage (silver mounted)
harnf«s . price J125; new wagon and top. size
4x9 Inside body, carries JUAi pounds, price
$100: doable wagon harness, new, $25; light
surrey. $65: 8 seater. $300. Elm ave.. first
stable on* Pierce st.. between Golden Gate
ave. and Turk st ; from 6 to 10 a. m.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
roucd; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR f-ale— Flr«t-class second-hand exDress or
furniture wnron. with rain top: bargain.
BULLERDIECK. hay A grain. 1C54 Mission.
FOR sale — Younr. gentle saddle horse; goes
slncle cr double. Inquire 212 Eighth St.
FOR sale — Fine rubber tire surrey, cart and
* 2 sets harness. 357 Elsie st. (Holly Park).
WANTED — To b-«jy good delivery horse; state
lowest cash rrice. Box 9«0. Call office.
HORSE, harness and wagon for sale; $45. Box
1154. Call efflce.
GOING out cf business: new and second-hand
wageng sold cheap. 1680. Mission st, nr. 13th.
LIGHT wagon. Al condition: cheap. Apply
BAKER A SON. 37 Second st ¦
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
ever)- Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 SIxUj st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
r.ets. work and drivinr horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET
A— PRINTED list of houses toTlet; send for eir-
cular. G. H. U1XBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let — House of 10 rooms on California st:
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Ca:. Houaewrecklng Ce.
HOUSES TO I.ET — ~TT-.— TSHEP.
TO let from 6ept 25 — Modern 6-room house,
fully furnished, for 3 months; rent reason-
able to responsible party. Call at 767
Castro st
BRYANT. 2362-2372. nr. Twenty-second— Six
rooms and bath: larxre back yard; new ex-
cellent accom.; $25 to right party; water free.
CALIFORNIA. 2123 — To rent, furnished or
unfurnished to suit tenant For particulars
ar; ly on oremises.
houses ruBarsHrp— roB saxe.
BUSH. &S3 — For sale; furnUbed house. 10
rooms; large sunny yard; call between 1 and
5. Ask fcr landlady.
FOR sale — Furniture of 5-room cottage; bath;
cheat) rtnt £13. 12 Reed st, off Washing-
ton, between Jones and Leavenworth.
$75 — NICK, new furniture 3-room cottage com-
plete: rent (io. Mission asd Thirtieth tt*.
Ess 182<>. Call.
FURNITURE of 12 rooms arranged In house-
k*cp!ng apartments; bargain. Call ct 220
Halsht st
FOR sale — 15-rocm house, neatly furnished;
will sell reaecnable. Call at 815 Geary st
»EAIi ESTATE— CITT--~O» 8A-~.
EPECK A CO..
200 Montgomery st.
Selllnr Rents Collected.
Leaslnr. '- Insurance.
$42,500— A splendid corner, vicinity Larkin and
G>ary sts.; lot 50x100. with Improve-
ments: a decided bargain.
$40.000— $4200 yearly rent; lot 82x275; only
partly improved: two frontages; can be
leased for $400 per month.
$32.500— A fine northeast corner on Fillmore
st.. consisting of three stores and four
cats; lot 43x90: a good buy. -
$25,000— $2400 yearly rent; $I5.C00 « per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot 50x137:6;
splendid investment
$17,000— Splendid Mission income property;
store and flats; rent $1600 yearly; lot
50x97:6; only half Improved.
$15,500—60 feet frontage: six Eddy-street flats;
two-story and basement structure; rents
$127 SO.
$15,000— Superb n»w Western Addition flats;
lot 30x107 feet: rents $1590 a year.
$14,000— Three elegfint new modern flats, de-
sirable pari of Western Addition: S3-
foot lot; rents $1410 yearly; reasonable
offer entertained.
$U.00O— Three elegant new flats; rents $1440
annually: vicinity E utter and Flllmore
sts.
; $13.5C0— Three fine Western Addition flats;
. vicinity Octavia and O'Farrell sts.;
< renting for $112 per month: 25-foot lot.
$9,500— Fourth st, bargain; near Folsom: two
stores and flat; lot 23x80 feet; after
widening Fourth st. this property will
readily command $15,000.
$7,250— Two Hayes street flats: & and 6 rooms
and baths; lot 25x137:6 ft; reduced
from $6000 to effect quick sale.
$6,600— $900 yearly rent; three flats In best
part of Richmond District, one-half
block from Golden Gate Park; all In
flrst-elaaa condition; could not be du-
plicated for $8000; a decided bargain.
$5,000— Income $696 a year: six flats; one
block from Hibernla Bank and one-
half block from new Postofnce,
$3.B0O— Paying 12 p«r, cent net: under lease;
Improvements new and modern: store
and flats; south of and close to Market
st, and east of Fifth st
$3,800— Two Mission, (warm belt) flats near
Sixteenth st.; /Monthly Income $40.
RESIDENCES.
$150,000— Palatial home, 25 rooms and JO
baths; no finer residence in San Fran-
cisco; cornet lot; 160x130; will accept
good real estate as part payment.
$C0. 000— Sixteen rooms and baths; mahogany
woodwork throughout; every possible
convenience; lot 125x137:6 ft: unsur-
passed panoramic view; Improvements
cost $75,000.
$17,800— Pacific Heights home: north side and
marine view; lot 48x137:6.
$11,500— Clay street residence, near Gough:
north side: 12 rooms and baths; de-
llgbtfnl site; lot 29x129 feet
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35,000— Northwest corner; unsurpassed marine
, view- 137:9x128 feet: three frontages;
' choicest residence section of San Fran-
Beautiful marine view lot: north side Broad-
way, near Octavia st; 27x137:0; reduced
price for onlek sale.
$6,750—50x187:6; splendid residence site; Pa-
cific Heights; north side of street
• $4,000— Market st; 25x100; close to coming
business section. , '
$3,500—60x125; Masonic avenue lot; splendid
piece.
SPECK A CO..
209 Montgomery st, opp. Mills building.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
'25 Post St.
f a 000— Bryant st, near 1st; frontages on 2
' streets; 4 flata and 2 houses; rents for
' $55 50 per month; lot 23x160; close to
the Mall Dock.
$14,500 — Gough st. business location: 4 stores
and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
In fine condition; rents $125 per month.
$7,600 Each— Sacramento st., nr. Lanrel: 2
new modern dwellings, of 2 flats each:
each flat contains 6 rooms and bath;
lot 50x133.
$7,000 — Baker st. vicinity of Panhandle;
nice residence of 9 rooms and bath;
pleasant neighborhood 1 ; near the car
lines.
$6,400—2 n«w modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath-rln the vicinity of Ellis and
Pierce; rent Xor $52 00 per month.
$7.000— G««ry st, near Pierce; store and flats
above; fine bustne«s location: rents for
$65 60 per month; don't let this pass.
$3.200— Elizabeth st. ; nice cottage of 7 rooms
•nd bath: comfortable home tn the
warm belt of the Mission, near the
car lines.
$25,000— Bush st. near Grant ave.: lot 46x
68. running back to rear street; old
Improvements; splendid site for new
brick building.
$15,000— Hayes st, near Flllmore: 3 elegant
new flats of 7-7-8 rooms and bath; rent
for $127 50 per month; pleasant sur-
roundings; good Investment.
$3.750— Federal st: 2 flats of 4 and 5 rdoms.
and rear house of 4 rooms; rents for
$25 50 per month; convenient to com-
mercial districts.
$110,000— Sacramento st; splendid location:
fine new apartment house: up to date
in every particular; rents for $9750
per annum; lot 70x137:6; secured lease
for 10 years.
$4,000— Sutter st, near Broderlck; nice house
of 8 rooms and bath; rents for $27 50
per month; lot 25xS7:6; brick founda-
tion; new plumblnr*
NEW BLOCK SUBDIVIDED. ~
60 LOTS FRONTING ON
DEVISADERO.
CASTRO.
FOURTEENTH ST.
DUBOCE AVE.
Best and cheapest lota in city for the money.
PRICE $1400 TO $2000.
Terms 1-5 cash, balance 1. 2. 3 and 4 years.
Streets bttuminlzed; sewers laid; no other
property In the city with similar advantage*
for sale at such low prices; splendid surround-
ings, charming views; close to Duboco and
Buena Vista parks.
26 LOTS ALREADY SOLD.
Ten houses of a superior class now under
construction; $60,000 already spent on improve-
ments; a splendid opportunity to make money:
values bound to increase; an excellent location
for a home or flats.
SEE THEM TO-DAY.
Take Halght-st. cars to /Scott or Devisadero;
walk two short blocks south.
LYON A HOAG.
116 Montgomery st
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the- Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mission-st electric cars: secure one as an
investment and by the tim? tt Is paid for it
will have doubled In value the way prices
h»ve advanced during the past year;, buy
now befcre vrices become prohibitive in this
rapidly
26 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
ELEVENTH-AVE. lots ready for building;
graded: street graded, macadamised and
sewered: gas and water pipes down: east side
of street, the desirable side: only $950 each;
23x120; $35 per month: near Point Lobos ave. ;
no lots In Richmond with all the street work
done. etc.. and treated so well, can be
bought on installments or so cheap.
W. J. GUNN. 5.T0 California SV.
Savings Union bldg. y.
$1150— COR. Stiver ave. and Congdon; cottage
4 rocrr.s; must be sold soon.
$1600— Cottage 4 rooms; 220 28th st; will
loan $12C0 on this place. D. COFFIN A
CO.. 252S Mission st. near 21st
WE have some special bargains In city prop.
erty: also homes on easy terms In Berkeley
and Alameda. Call or send for what you
want^-ROTHERMEL - CO.. 507 California.
I FOR sale — Six elegant new flats; 6 and 7 rail
I and bath; facing Panhandle; will be sold at
I less than cost to build. Box 1856. Call.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
' Home Building Association,. 427 Croscley bid.
7 LOTS In the Mission district. $2100; they
will lay solden eggs. Box 1*69. Call.
$1000— SNAP: large lot. good neighborhood.
OWNER, 21 Spear St. •
$1900— MODERN cottage. 6 rooms. 117 Mar-
shall st. . take car to Silver. Terms, $23 mo.
H0U8E for sale: 4 rocras and bath, with fin-
Ished basement. 718 Vermont St.. bet 19-20.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st
CHEAPEST tnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, tent to any address In th*
United States Or Canada one year for $1.
pr»t»r^ paid. .
CSCIC— — JT BASC— E3,
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard -on gentle slope;
, size to suit; easy terms; plenty water; fine
fruit: call for details; go and see Sunday.
Onrn«». 1 13 Mills bldg.
' ;^ PEHSOlfAIg.
A— CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated: I guarantee to removs
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittings. etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you dfslre a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM, 131 Powell tt.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
tore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists tor
over20yeais; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL - BROWN. 82 Turk at. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.,1333 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
¦kin. mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
Fkllled specialist from Europe. Apply Centra;
Pharmacy, 32$ Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
WANTED— The address of the heirs of PAT-
RICK B. O'CONNOR, who came to Texas
about 1S33. Address T. L. WREN. Austin.
Texas. _^ '
YACHTSMEN and buMnera men — All kinds
of drawlnr and tracing win »e done cheap
and exactly. Box 171S. Csli.
GOLDEN GATE DETECTIVE BUREAU. 753
Market St.: phone Red 6871; consultation
free; confidential.
a' GUARANTEE TO GROW. HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. O. S. MOORE.' 332 O'Farrell st
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits.' overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, -721 Market st
TOU csn buy $T5 worth of furniture fcr $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITfiE CO.. 840 Poet st. near Powell.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
optician. 1S84 Marlcet St.. nn. S07; est ISal.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Butter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.33.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagnes. 850 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
toni« in the world at 1S10 Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit tot>rder A 1 ex. pair pants. $13.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet 7th A *th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
$250. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 80; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 783 MKt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions hasbeen
opened at 1008 Market st. onposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PTJRCHABINQ AOEHCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence sollclt-
ed. 356S 17th- St.. San Francisco. Tel.Capp 856.
STORAGE AjTP^ W AREHOT7 BSS^
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
' A — GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co. ; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nets; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st;
phone Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prt. Ex. S71.
CONKLJN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made.- 840
Mission ifcj tel. He— ard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIKS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACJLUI—S ANS SUPPLIES.
T^IE^WHTrE~IS~KINa! — ~— ~
The White Grand is the most complete sew-
ing machine on earth; finest furniture, finest
attachments; make both lock and 'automatic
stitch: »ee this wonderful machine at the
White Co.'s new retail office, 915 Market st
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the Ixst second-hand machine;
all kinds, $.?. $5. $8: guaranteed: where the
oollo awing in the window. 1031 Market st
PITTED— ND NOTIO— 3.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
A dividend cf -Vj per cent has this day been
declared upon the preferred stock of this
company, payable on October 1. 1904. to
stockholders of record at the dose of busi-
ness September 21, 1904. The transfer books
will be closed as to the preferred stock from
September 22 to October 1. both Inclusive.
Checks will be mailed.
R. H. ISMON. Secretary.
September 13. 1004.
SAN MATEO REAL SSTATE.
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAK3
OAKS GOING FAST OAKS
O\KS J33.000 OAKS
OAKS worth of lots OAKS
OAKS v sold the OAKS
OAKS first ' OAKS
OAKS day of sale, - OAKS
OAKS MONDAY. OAKS
OAKS SEPTEMBER 1», 1904. pAKS
OAKi? In the OAKS
OAKS . HAYWARD TRACT OAKS
OAK!) AT SAN MATEO. OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS CHOICE LOTS OAKS
OAKS with majestic oaks OAKS
OAKS still for sale. OAKS
O\KS See this property OAKS
OAKS at once. OAKS
OAKS' Prices, *900 to $1600. OAKS
OAKS TERMS. ' . OAKS
OAKS Prices are very likely * OAKS
OAKS to b« raised soon. OAKS
OAKS BALDWIN & HOWELL, OAKS
OAKS 23 Post et. OAKS
OAKS Frank S. Grummon. OAKS
OAKS Asc-nt at San Mateo. OAKS
OAKS OAKS
OAKS OAKS
LOMITA PARK — On line of dan Mateo elec-
tric can; 45 minutes from 5th and Market
*ts. : outside the lot; belt end just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will join the main tine; second subdivision
new being offered: 20-foot lots front $400 up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes tn
front of every lot: pure artesian well water:
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two week*: an exceptional opportunity
to *ecure a lot in this desirable section on
rasy tern™: take the electric cars and g«t
iff "at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.'
SELnY. RODGERS A CO..
Tel Main 67.1. 110 California st
j BEAX. ESTATE_TO_EXCKASOB.
TO EXCHANGE.
For unlncumbcred country real estate north
of San Francisco, equity of $3550 In Berke-
ley residence; lot 45x135: house of S rooms, j
gas lighted: separate servant's room and
< toilet: porcelain bath: large storeroom: new- ¦
ly painted, papered and tinted . throughout;
good utablc and chicken house; outbuildings'
and fencer newly painted; value $C000;
mortgage $2450 can stand: Berkeley values
Increasing; location, desirable residence sec-
tion: school in same block: six blocks from
entrance to university grounds; convenient
to steam and electric cars; stnet work com.
plete and in first-class condition: stone side- '
walk; owner leaving. Addresa for next ten
days only. Owner, box 1659. Call office.
$2300— 120-acre farm: 40 acres fenced; 5000
bearing grape vines; good buildings; In Shas-
ta County: even exchange for S. F. or Oak-
land improved property^ MRS. H. S. AN-
DERSON, Redding. ;
EXCHANGE for ranch In mining district or
mine; lot and five furnished cottages; min-
eral spring and . other Improvements: paying
well. Addresa P. O. box IOC. Mill Valley.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
- Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one • year for $1,
pottage paid. . . ' ¦ ¦
BSAXi ESTATE WAKT-P.
WANTED — A ranch of about 100 acres, ad-
joining - some : Government land; ' must have
bouse barn. Implements.', etc.. and plenty
of water: within 10 or 12 miles of some good
' town; will exchange business clearing . over
$100. per month and pay or accept difference;
' Sonoma or Mendocino County, preferred. Box
*- 1399.' Call office. Oakland. .
IHTTAIiIP CHAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Earner tricrcie chair. 2C1S Mkt.: tel.Park'75.
T -OST AND FOUND.
LOST — In Jefferson Square Monday, Sept. 10.
si!ver watch; owner's name en back of cas»;
valued us Keepsake. fCtt Eddy at; reward.
LOST — Thursday evening, on Powell-st car,
black Filk ba? containing opera-rises, spec-
tacles, key; $10 reward. 7P3 Pine et
LOST— A lady's'gold watch, Sunday morning,
on Sacramento et. Return to 2500 Leaven-
worth st.; phone Hyde 4241; reward.
LOST — Blue Dane dog: collar; license on; re-
ward. 3371 T w enty-flrst st.
LOFT— A parebook with tn* HIbernia Sav-
ingf an-i Loan Society of San Francisco In
the nair.e of ROT J. HANCOCK. No. 274-349.
The finder will pleaee return to bank.
LCST— All of 1 our competitors; reduction In
prices anJ qualliy of stock did It. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter st. phone Grant
197; 1_'C4 Sutter st, phone East 817.
$5 REWARD — Lost water spaniel; all brown,
cut on left fore Ug. Return F. W. BELL.
570 Plxty-thlrd St.. Oakland.
LAUNCHES FOX RZBB. '
c7 A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. toot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mfchielis Launch Co.. Unlon-st Wharf; boat-
Ing A excursions. 5 Steuart st.;tel.John 26S6.
__CTUJt_S.^_
! NACHUR-MAN LEKTURZ at S and 8 p. m..
from Sept. 19-23 (Inc.). 11S5 Market st,
\ S. F. Tlkets. 25c and 10c.
HATTBESS-S tUTP TOLOWS.
TO order; renox-ated. disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carp«t cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard at. ; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painlese and reliable: m> failures; no ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years* experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
; 7('2 Market rt., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time la devoted exclusively to
these cond!ticr.6. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 306 KEARNT 8T.
MRS DR~WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 80 years' experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
¦ male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. 100SV4 Market st. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. _¦
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
vlMtlrtg the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor Bt
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. — All who are rfck or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1013 Market st.
LADIES our regulaltor never falls: a protec-
tion without internal medicine; price $2 per
box. Frost's Medical Ag«icy, 1104 Market
St.. S. F.
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth st.. room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic vapor A
Eteam baths. Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p. m,
MRS. THIESSEN. graduate German midwife;
20 years' experience: home tn confinement;
best care. 49 Perry. <•¦ Third. Tel. Red 5112.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 . Market
LADIES, cal! at MRS. BROWN'S for medical
advice. 1279 Union st: 9-2.
MR3. DR. GWTER. 611A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. f
LADIES — Kumround: sale, eure. never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearoy A Pay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2095 Foleom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; CIO-
MIKES ABP MIHIHO.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room 13, 330 Pine St.. Vill in-
corr>orate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sell*, develops and ftpefates mines.
Miscre--AanEo'ps—^b sax _.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpa,
pulleys, ehaftlng. etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130132 Beale st.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
ATTENTION, Odd Fellows — Full dre*s suits
for the *ran<i ball; Tuxedos and Prince- Al-
berta for other functions: cults delivered
and called lor. J. COOPER, rental parlors,
21 Stockton St.. nr. Market; — <ond floor.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
rrol tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buylnsr: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mission st
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK 7 ~
Repair It with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
.SAFES and DESKS — As we are going to .move
--•to New Montgomery st, and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
A — BUTS. fells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on email weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12, upstairs. 1 • -
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
CARLOAD fresh milk cows and springers just
arrived: trom X35 up. UAhl AFTIiRGL'T.
corner Mission tt. end Silver ave.
OIL— «0 bbls Fuller's best linseed, 46S50c by
bbl: lees COc and C2c delivered around the
bay. G. N. SIMMONS. 440 S8th St., Oakland.
ROOMS papered; $4 up: tinting. painting
Harlmann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
FIREWOOD free. 40 Ellis st
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain, $350. 10 Sixth st.
COLLIE pups: pedigrees; old Hall Admiral
stock. Apply Sunday or evenings. 5S3 i'an-
chez st. {
GROCERY store fixtures and 21-foot bar;
cheap. 217 Mason st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb- material. The Dolan Co.. 1C07 Mkt
A FINE lorgnette chain with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st. ¦
DESK8 bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021V4 Market st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market ft
MOVING pictures, magic lanternc, sale rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Poet st.
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Mkt
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A WEEK'S cews for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pajreH. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per ymr
; MISCE-—AITEOTTq WAHT8.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
mondt. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Ptocktcn «t-
BICYCLE for 10-year-old boy; must be good as
new; gtate Prtce.^ Box 1863. Call office. - ]
A BIO price for ladies' and gents' cat toft
clothing. 022 Foleotn st Tel. Folsom 3522.
T1LTON wanu good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th «t; tel. Jessie 2S51.
HIGHEST prices for ladlss'.genfs castoft cloth,
leg. etc Tel. Davis 825; WO Sacramento st ,
PROVINCE Or A NEWSPAPER. UKE THE CALL ©«oARRIVED. I
Monday, Sept. 19. ¦
Stmr Fulton. Panzer, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
• Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, 20 days 18 hours
and 40 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu 5
days 20 hours and C5 minutes.
Ktmr Gipsy. Leland. 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
SAILED.
Monday, Sept. 19.
Stmr Whittier. Dlckson, for Redondo (not
Sept 18. for Kchei). 4
Stmr Lakme, Chrlstenson, for Eureka
Schr Vine, Anderson, for Eureka, in tow
stmr Lakme.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett, Relnert. for San
Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, for Bixbys Landing.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, for Eureka and
Coos Bay.
Stmr Jeanle, Bartlett, for Seattle and Ta
coma.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, for Bowens Landing.
Schr Newark, Reinartsen, for Stewarts Point.
Stmr Gresnwood, Walvig, tor Needle Rock,
with schr Abble in tow. /
Schr Abble, Larson, for Iversen Landing, In
tow of stmr Greenwood.
' Etmr National City, Hammer, for Fort Bragg,
with barge Tidal Wave in tow.
Barge Tidal Wave, Johnson, for Fort Bragg,
in tow of stmr National City.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 19. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind S W; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Sailed Sept 19— Schr Wm' Olsen.
for San Francisco. .
TATOOSH — Passed inward Sept 10 — Stmr
Olympic, hence Sept 16, for Bellingham.
BELLJNGHAM— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Mary
D. Hume, from Nushagak.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Sept. 19 — Stmr
Pasadena, for San Psdro.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 19 — bktn Mary
Winkelman, from Grays Harbor.
¦ Salic d Sept 19 — Stmr South Bay, for San
Francisco; stmr James S. Hlgglns, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept IS— Schr Oliver
J. Olson, from Ballard; schr Andy Mahoney,
from Portland.
¦ Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr Despatch, from : Port
Harford; »tmr. Chehalis, from Grays Harbor,
via San Francisco and Santa Barbara; stmr
Coos Bay. hence Sent 16. via Port Harford.
' Sailed Sept 19— tkhr Ethel Zane. for Port
Townsend; stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco
and way ports. '
' SAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Marsh
field, from Hardy Creek.
, MONTEREY— Sailed Sept 19— Tug Dauntless,
with stmr Northland In tow, for San Francisco.
PORT ' BLAKELEY — Arrived Sept 19 — Bktn
Skagit.' honce Sept 1. -
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 19 — Schr Jennie
Wand hence Sept 5.
Palled Sept 19 — Etmr Coronado, for San
Pedro: schr A J West, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Sept 18— Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence Sept 14.
Sailed Sept 19 — Stmr CsntralLa, for San
Francisco.' .
FOREIGN PORTS. ,
Sailed Sept 17— U S stmr Dtx. tdt Seattle.
, SYDNEY— To sail Aug 20— Br ship Belford.
for San Francisco, via Newcastle, Australia. •
¦ . In - port • Auk . 20^ — Arg ¦ bktn > Andromeda, for
Honolulu,' ' via Newcastle, , Australia; , schrs
Omega ' and " Wm Nottingham, "for Honolulu,
via Newcastle.'. NS W., ;,-,
Chartered to load at ¦' Newcastle, N ' 8 W —
Arg bktn Andromeda.. for Honolulu, schr Ariel,
tor Honolulu;"- 13r, ship Belford, for San Fran-
Emllo M. Pissig to Agnes McMahon, lot on
S line of Waller street, 116:3 W of Scott, W
30 by S 190; $10. s t . . ,
Estate of Julia Leahy (by Michael J. Kelly,
executor) to Francois Marx, lot on W line
of Devisadero street, 130:9 S of Jackson, S
25 by W 137:0. reserving right to remove
portion of house 2303 Devisadero projecting on
lot; $GS30.
John W. Quick to Golden State Investment.
Company, lot on N line of Halght street. 100
W of Lyon, W 75 by N 137:6; $10.
John C. and Hannah Moore to William
Fitzgerald, lot on N line of Page street, 87:6
E of Masonic avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
William Fitzgerald to Hannah Moore (>£),
Edward W. and James A. Moore (H each),
same; $10.
Walter R. and Stella C. Lovegrove to Thomas
and Mary Vodden, lot cn N line of Waller
street. 221:10 W of Clayton, W 25 by N 100;
{10.
William J. Dyer to Euphemla Dyer, lot on
W line of Cole street. 100 S of Waller, S 25
by W 100:6; gift. '
Euphernia Dyer to Andrew Hanselman, lot
on W line of Cole street, 100 S of Waller. S
25 by W 100:4%; $10.
Jane McMahon to MIchele Mortede, lot on
W line of Collins street. 123 S of Point Lobos
avenue. S 25 by W 120. block C, Junlpero
Homestead: $10 "
William H. and Ethel W. Crocker to Josie
U. Nazro, lot on B line of Shrader street, 75 s
of Carl. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Gulseppe and Vlttoria Arata to Catherine
Smith, lot on SW corner of Lexington and
Sycamore streets. S 35 by W 80; $10.
George and Margretha Asmussen to Alex
ander Bond, lot on E line ' of Mission street
195 S of Twenty-fourth, S 115, N 08:6, SW
135:l«i. S 27:6; $10.
David - Conoon to Charles F. Adams, lot on
SE corner of Eighteenth and Diamond streets
E 25 by S 75: $10
Amelia H. McAllister et al. to Julian Mc-
Allister* Company, lot on W line of Kearny
•treet, 35 N of California. N 30 by W 60:5;
$10. .
Annls Merrill to the University of . the
Pacific, lot on NE corner of Mason and
Pacific streets, N 137:6 by E 137:6; $— .
Mary Callaghan to Emll S. Gulllxson, lot
on SE line of Clary street. 75 SW of Fifth
SW 25 by SE80; $10.
Ellen Barry to Delia Gay,' lot on 8W line of
Morris avenue, 200 BE of Bryant street, .SE
25 by SW 7.->; also ¦ lot on SE • line of Cuvler
street. 325 NE of * Bosworth, NE 25. SE 60, S
25. W 14:6. NW 69:10. being lot 35, block 2.
De Boom tract; gift.
John F. and Joseph M. Logan and Mary T.
Griffiths (Logan) to Henry J. and Catherine
Cole, lot on.SW line of Harriet street. 150 SE
of Bryant, SE 25 by SW SO: quitclaim deed; $1.
City and County of San Francisco to Pacific
Improvement Company. lo£ on NE- corner of
Alameda and Potrero streets, ,N 170 by E
200; $— . -.
" Bernhard and RoM'Getz'to Mary A.' Dullp,'
lot on E line ¦ of s Twelfth avenue,.- 150 S of I
street, S 25 by E 120; $— . ;
Edward N. Richardson to Louise A. Phlnney.
lot on W, line of Sixteenth avenue, 100 S of I
street. S> 23:7, SW 120:454, N 33:0«i, E 120;
$10. ..'-:'.,'¦: ¦-¦'., ¦¦;¦-.¦¦¦- '¦• ¦ \. -¦: ¦-¦ r *'.-- ;- : . ; t-,.'
. Charles A. ; Rica to Victoria A.* - L. Rice, lot
on S ' line of 'Army street, 368 :9 E ¦ of Mission,
E 25 byS 110,- P. V.- lot S8; $10, :
Dan 1*1 Shay or O'Shay to Marctlla Shajr or
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 19.
Estate of'. Henry Levy (by Meyer Jacobs
and Herman Morris, executors) to Reuben
Cohen, lot on S line of McAllister street, 55 W
of Gough, W 55 by S 137:6; $19,200.
City and County of San Francisco to Fred
erick and Adona C. Townsend, lot on N line
cf Kddy street, 52 W of Stelner, W 50 by N
1C0; $ . ,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Monarch Pool .... *2
Occidental of W Va 07
Oil City Petroleum 52 B4_
Senator €0 ••••
Twenty-elgh,t U 00
United Petroleum 100 00
National 40
Central .Light and Power. 3 40
Paauhau Sugar 16 50
Associated Bonds 77 50
Con Gas and Electric 103 00
Miscellaneous —
Cal Jockey Club 114 HO
Northern Cal Power 9 75
SALES.
Morning Session.
BOO Four Oil B6
60 Twenty-eight Oil • 9 50
500 Monte Crlsto 65
Afternoon Session.
200 Occidental M
100 California Jockey Club 114 50
'Mining 'Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: -
Morning Session.
200 Andes 19 100 Occidental ... 75
100 Belcher 31 100 Ophir 2 25
50 Caledonia 63 700 Savage 19
300 Cn Cal 4; Va.1 10| 700 Sierra Nev 31
100 Exchequer ... 57| 200 Yellow Jacket. 25
200 Gould & Cur. 191
\ Afternoon Session.
700 BelcheA 31 1 200 Mexican 1 00
100 Caledonfa ... 62 1 5C0 Overman 20
100 Con C & Va.l 10 200 Savage 21
200 Con N York. CW 200 Seg Belcher... 11
600 Gould & Cur. 20 400 Union Con.... S3
200 Hale & Norc. 59i SCO Utah 12
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. i
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
I Morning Session.
300 Andes 171 200 Mexican 83
100 Con C & Va.l 10J 100 Ophir 2 27*i
600 Crown Point. 15 200 Overman 21
200 Gould & Cur. 19| 200 Yellow Jacket 25
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 19 100 Savage 19
100 Con C & Va.M0 200 Seg Belcher... 12
2« Mexican ...1 02^ 20) Union Con .. 33
200 Ophir 2 30!
j fONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the eales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Jumbo 9812000 MacNamaxa . 43
1C00 Jumbo t»9| 200 Mont Ton . . .1 00
1000 MacNamara . 39| 200 Mont Ton ...1 95
16.000 MacNamara 40| 2000 Qulncy 13
2900 MacNamara . 41| 100 Ton Gold M. 20
1000 MacNamara . 421 100 Ton N Star.. 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Cent Eureka. 1 401 540 Mont Ton ...2 00
500 Jumbo 9«l 200 Ton Exten 125
500 Jumbo 95|2500 Ton Gold M.. 17
500 MacNamara . 40 2000 Ton Gold M-. 18
3000 MacNamara . 41 500 Ton Midway.. 39
100 Mont Ton..l 97*4 500 Ton Midway.. 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Sept 19—3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | ' Bld.Ask.
Alpha CO 11 Justice ..;.... »iO 10
AH* 09 1V| Kentuck 05 06
Andes 17 19!Ke>es — 35
Belcher 30 32| Lady Wash... — 05
Best & Belch. 1 10 1 20| Mexican 1 00 1 C5
Bullion 23 251 Occidental ... 71 —
Caledonia ... HI «2| Ophir 2 25 2 30
Challenge Con 18 20| Overman 20 21
Chollar 13 151 Potosl 10 12
Confidence .'. fc5 00] Scorpion f>5 07
Con C & Va.l 10 1 l.itSavage 20 21
Con Imperial. 01 C2tSeg Belcher... 11 12
Con N York.. 06 071 Sierra Nev 30 ,T2
Crown Point. 11 17] Silver Hill 45 48
East Sierra N 03* 06|St Louis — 10
Eureka Con.. — 501 Syndicate 03 C5
Exchequer .. 55 5fil Union Con.... 59 40
Gould & Cur. 20 21! Utah 11 12
Hale & Norc. 5* €01 Yellow Jacket 25 27
Julia 09 101
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Adams 07 — j Paymaster ... <Kl —
Colehan — 05| Pine Grove... 10 —
Columbia ... 25 27| Qumcy — 12
Esperanza ... 01 02| Ray Exten... — 03
Gold Anchor. — 251 Ra" & O'Brien 06 —
Goldfleld B.. CO — Ray Tonopah. — 10
Goldfleld Bull 14 — Tied Top 17 —
Ooldfleld Nev 75 SO Rescue 10 11
Goldfleld M.. 18 — | Sandstorm ... T.5 40
Goldfleld Sll. 17 — T6t, Belmont.. 55 —
Goldfleld Ton 11 — ! Ton Exten... I 25 1 30
Gold M Con.. — 02 1 Ton & G W.. 13 —
Hazel Kirk.. — 121 Ton Gold M.. — 18
Jim Butler... — 70|Tcn Midway.. 3S 3!J
Jumbo 96 — | Ton of Nev.8 00 8 12 W
Little Ton .. 20 40 Ton N Star.. 21 —
Lucky Tom.. 05 — I Ton & Salt L 51 —
MacNamara .' 40 41 United Ton i^Z-— 05
Mizpah Ex .. 17 — | Utopia 10 ' —
Mont Ton . .2 00 2 051 West End ... 14 —
Nevada Chief 02—1
BENICIA. Sept. 19.— 'Joe" King, a half
breed, was arrested here last night for setting
fire to a barn containing forty tons of hay on
a ranch near this place. King admitted his
guilt, saying he started the blaze "for fun."
King was recently released from the Napa In
sane Asylum, where he was sent a. little ntore
than a year ago. after he had set lire to ser
eral residences In this neighborhood.
Cisco; Fr bark Bcssuet. for San Francisco;
Fr bark Canrobert, for San Francisco; bark
Emily Reed, for Honolulu; schr F. M. Slade
for Honolulu; Ger bark Fuerst Bismarck, for
Guaymas; Fr bark Gael, for San Francisco;
ship Henry Failing, for San Francisco; bktn
Kokohead, for Honolulu; Fr bark Mareschal de
Villars, for San Francisco; Fr bark Max for
San Francisco; schr Omega, for Honolulu; bark
St. James, for San Francisco ; bktn T. P.
Emlgh. for Honolulu; schr Wm Nottingham,
for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE. N S W — Sailed Aug. 10— Br
ship Clan Graham, for San Francisco; Ger bark
Steinbek. for San Francisco; schr Geo E Bil
ling!", for Honolulu. Aug 15 — Br ship Del
eairnle, for "San Francisco. Aug 18— Br bark
County of Inverness, for San Francisco. Aug 19
— Br bark Inverclyde, for San Francisco.
In pert Aug 21 — Br ship Ardencralg, for
Oregon; Fr bark Brenn, /or San Francisco; Br
bark Dunreggan. for Oregon; Fr bark Marguer
ite Dollfus, for San Francisco; Nor ship Nord
stjeren. for Honolulu; Fr. bark Rene, for San
Francisco.
Sailed— Aug 23— Schr Alpena. for Honolulu.
Aug. 24 — Br ship Ardencralg, for San Fran
cisco. Auc 23 — Schr Omega, for Mahukona.
Aug 29 — Fr ship Brenn, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Hohen
zollero. from New, York, and proceeded.
LONDON — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr Minne
apolis, from New-York and Liverpool. Sept 18
— Stmr Bavarian, from Montreal and Quebec.
BREMEN — Arrived Sept 1*— Stmr Bremen,
from New York, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York,
via Plymouth, for Bremen.
GLASGOW — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr Syrian,
from Montreal; stmr Sardinian, from Montreal.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 17— Stmr Athen
ian, from Vancouver, for Hongkong.
MOVILLE — Arrived Sept 19 — Stmr Furnessia,
from New York, for Glassow.
DOVER— Arrived Sept 19— Stmr Zeeland. for
Antwerp, and proceeded.
3AN DIEGO. Sept. 19.— Storm after storm
has gathered and broke over the region about
Campo, fifty miles east of here, the past few
days. At Descanso hail fell In quantities,
stones the size of hen's eggs being not uncom
mon. Trees were stripped of foliage and fruit
and shrubbery were beaten to the earth. Streams
In that section are swollen and roads are im
passable.
Trees Stripped by Storm.
"SAN DIEGO. Sept. 19.— Three 10- year-old
boys had a narrow escape from drowning at
Coronado yesterday. They were playing on
the boulders at the end of the old pier and
did not notice the rising tide till they were cut
off from shore. They were buffeted by the
waves and thoroughly drenched, and were with
difficulty kept from being washed away. They
were prisoners until the tide went out.
Tide Holds Boys Prisoners.
Levy eaya the arrest Is part of a conspira
cy on the part of hist three sons to keep him
from marrying a woman in Los Angeles. The
sons, he says, are trying to break up the
marriage so that they will Inherit all hia
property.
OGDEN, Utah. Sept. 19. — While en route to
his wedding In Los Angeles, H. Levy, a
wealthy merchant of New Mexico, was arrest
ed here to-day. Levy U 57 years of age. He
was taken off a Union Pacific train by of
ficers, who acted under Instructions from the
police cf Trinidad. The latter telegraphed the
order of arrest, but did not state the nature
of the charge.
Three Sons of a Wealthy Xew 3Iex
ican Have Officers Take Him
From a Train.
PREVENT FATHER'S MARRIAGE
BY CAUSING HIS ARREST
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen,
Sl:cul<i the dancer be great a general alarm
would be sounded and a bucket brigade or
ganized. There is plenty cf water at the
park If It could be properly directed.
Up in the mountains alcng Warm Springs
Canyon fully a dczen prospectors' cabins have
been burned. In some instances the cabins
contained giant powder, which was exploded.
Wood haulers, who have piles of cord wood
In the path of the fire, are working like
beavers taking the wood to a safe place. In
the meantime the residents are hoping for
a bard, drenching rain.
3Ien Guard Railroad.
ANACONDA. Mont.. Scot. 19. — The forest
fires west of the city have progressed so far
that there is dancer that the buildings at
Mountain* View Park may be destroyed. The
advance of the flames is being watched closely
by a force of men employed by the railroad
comrany.
Mountain View Park at Anaconda Is
Threatened With Destruction and
FOREST FIRES CAUSE
ALARM IN MONTANA
Frank McGovern and wife* (owners) with
A. P. Mattson (contractor), architect H. D.
Mitchell — All work for a two-stcry frame
building- (2 flats) on W line of Vermont street.
75 S MarlDoea, S 25 by W 95:1%, N 25, E
03:3*4; $3296.
Mrs. Emily Smith (owner) with George L.
Dauger (contractor), architect — All work
to remodel house and remove it from SW cor
ner of Brazil avenue and Athens street to W
line of Athens, 114 S of Brazil avenue; $1565.
O'Shay. lot on W line of Folsom street, 825 N
of Prospect, N 25 by W 160; gift.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Southern Pacific Company, lot on NE line of
Seventh street, 1S2:5>^ SB of South, SE 54:10.
E 4:2, NE 70:S',i. SW 98:514, block 34. Salt
Marsh; grant. ' • -.
Samuel Irving to John Stewart, lots 11C9 to
1172, Kltt map 4; also lots 45 and 46. block
292, O'Neill and Haley Tract; |lp.
Lovell and Laura L. White to Nora Sullivan,
lots 33 to 36. block F, Sliver Terrace; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Frank W.
and Joanna Roeckner. lot on NE line of Four
teenth avenue, 200 NW of L street. NW 50 by
NE 100. block 267, South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $10.
O. W. and Rose Nordwell to William W.
Nordwell. lot on SW line of Mateo street. 50
SE of Laidley, SE 25 by SW 112. lot 37. block
6. Mission and Thirtieth Streets Homestead
Union; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1904
12
RAILWAY TRAVEL. £
X^fcTS. Train* leare and ar« *«•
/^rm^f\ to arrlT. at
ni^WE| SAN FRANCISCO.
V«*^^*$S/ Txmwr Dxtot
\JS (Foot of Market Streets
HAn - MAIN LINE. -ab»iv»
7JHU Vacarllle. winters. Ramsey- Z-jjP. 1 *
7.00a Benlcla. EJmlra aad Sacramento.. 7-20f»
7J0AValleJ«. Napa, CallstOK*. Santa
Rosa. Martinet. Saa lUmon IHS*
74HU SUes. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7.20t»
8.00a Shast* Eipres*— (Via Da*l»).
wnilama (for Bartlett Spr!a**>,
Willow*, trrato. Ued BloS.
Portland. Tacotna. Seattle 7.50*
•.00a DaTi*. Woodland, Knight* Landing.
Maryavllle. Chlco. OtotUIo 7.50««
•40a Fort Cost*. Martinez. Antloca.
Byroa, Tracy. Stockton. >ew-
man. Loa Bano*. Mendota,
Armona. Haaford, Via alia,
Porterville -•• -• 4.M»>
tXQktotK Costa. Mode*to, Mereed,
Tre.ao. Gosnen Junction, Haa-
ford, Vlsallm nakersneld ... ... 4.50*
• JOa Nile*. San Jose, Urermore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lone. Sacramento,
MarysTllle. Calco. Bod B'.aff .... 42C»
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nor*. Tuolumne and Angel* f-sH*
0 00a Atlantic Expres*— Ogden and Bm«. 5 20f»
8 -30a Klchmoad. Martlaea and way
Station* 8 50*
1000A The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omah». Chicago, Denver. Kan»a*
City. St. Louis «522Z
10.00a Vallejo ••— 12-29»
10.00a to* Angele* Pa»sen*;er — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byroa. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fre*n». Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsftila,
Bakersfleld. Loa Angeles t'SS*
12.00m Hayward. Nllea and vfay Station*. 3-20»»
tlXOP Sacramento River Steamer*. Tll.00*»
3 SOP Benlcla, maters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Willows. Kalgnta
Landing, Maryavl'le. OrovUl« .„ '
and way Btatloaa '2|2*
JJJOp Hayward.Nlle* aad Way Stattoo*.. 7.50P
4.G0P Mart1aez.3an P.amon. ValleJo.Xap*.
CallstOK*. 8anU Rosa S"£J*
400p Nile*, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl P
4.30P Hayward. Nile*. Lrvlagton. Saat **-££ A
Jose. Llvermore > Cll.oQA
BOOPThe Owl Wmlted— N»wtn»a. Loa
Banos, M endota. Fresno. Tatar*,
BaSers2fld.LosAn*«!es. 8 50*
tSSOP Hayward, Niles aad San Jos« 7.20A
|.00p Hayward. Nile* aad San Jo*e 9 50*
S.COP Eastern* Express— Ogden. Omaha,
Chicago. Denver, Kansas City.
St. Louli. via Martinez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno...... 12.80*
•.OOP Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... ) 7 BA -
7.00P Vallejo, Sunday oaly f toa
7X0P Klchmond, Saa Pablo, Port Cost a.
Marttaes aad Way Stations 11.20*
7-COPKeno Pasteager— Port Costa, Sul-
•uo. Elralra, Darts. Sacrameato,
Trnekee. Lake Tanoe. Beao,
Tonopah. Sparka 7oOA
1.68 P Port Coata. Marlines. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Mode* to,
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-22*
IOSp Tosemito Valley, via Bereada aad _ __
Wawona 8.50*
8.05p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
• 05p Oregon * California Express— fis»
rameato, MarysTllle. Beddtag.
Portland. Poget Sound and Baat. 8-BOA
•.10" Hayward, Nile* and Saa Jo»e (San- ~ ._
mm __ dayonly) 11.§Q.%
COAST LINE farrow «la*s«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Saata CrnzExcursJoajSoaday only) 8-10*
8.16a Newark. Oent-r»ille. 8an Jose,
Feltoa, BoulderCreeJcEiffBarta.
Santa Cruz and Way Station*... i 55*>
t9-15A Alrarad*). Newark. Saa Jose, Lo*
Gatos.GIenwood, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Big Basin. Saata Cruz.... 1.10*
12-1 6p Newark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Josa,
New Almadea, Los Gatos.Felton.
Boulder Creek, Bsnta Cms aad
Principal Way fltitloas 1043*
4.15p Newark, Saa Jose. Loa G»to«. .-... tS.SS*
4.1 5p Wright, Bonlder Creek and Saat*
Cruz. Baturdar aad Sunday oaly. X-SS*
COAST LINE (Bread »ia«ge).
IT (Thin! and Toirnaend Str*eU.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8.33 *
17.00a Saa Jose aad Way Stations 5. 43^
7.15a Monterey aad Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Suaday only) 10. 30*
•410a Xew Almadea (Tues.. Frld.. oaly). 4-10p
8 00a The Coaster — Sun Jose. Saltnaa.
San Ardo, Paso Roblea. Saata
Margarita, Saa Ln!» Oblspa.Santa
Barbara, San Baeaaventurs,
Montalvo, Oxaard, Burbaak, Lda
Angeles 10-43*
8.C0a GUroy, HolHstCr. CastroTlile. Del
Moate, Pacific Grove, Surf. Loxa-
poc..,. 10.48*
8.00a San Jose. Trea Plaoa.Watton-vlIle.
Capitola. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Grove, Sallaa*. San Lni* Obtspo
and Principal Way Station*. ... 4.10»
10.30a Saa Jose and Way Station* 1.209
11 -30a Saata Clara, Saa Jo*e, Los Gates
aad Way Stations 7.30a
TZCf Saa Jose and Way Stations 8 38*
tSOOpDel Monte Kxprcrta (except Saa-
day) — Saata Clara, Sna Jose.
WatsonTtlle. Santa Cruz. Del
Monte. Moaterey. Pacific Grove. f12.15*>
8-30P BurllDzame, San Jose, GKrov, Hoi-
lister. Tres Plao»,Pa]aro,Wat«on-
Tllle. Capicola, Santa Cruz, Cas-
trovUle. Salinas, Pacific GrOTe... 10.45a.
4.3QpSaa Jose aad Way Statloaa t800*
tS 00p Santa Clara. Saa Jose, Lo* listen,
Wright ml priactpal Way &tm-
t!oo* (eieept Sunday) t9-Q0*
!5-30p banJoseaaaPTlnclpalWayStatloaa (9.40*
6 48? Sunset Kxpress.—Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Sallaas.Paso Roblea
Caa Lois Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Lcs Angeles. Demlag. El Paso*
New Orleans. New York 710a
S.45P PaJaro. WataoaTllle. CaptJola, I . 1n "
Saata Cruz. CaatrOTllle. Dei>*jw.'5«
Monte. Pacific Grove (T10-4SP
18.15 1» *>an Mateo,Beresford.B«liaont,Saa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oi'tu
MenioPark. Palo Alto tiM**
8 30p San Jose aad Way Station* 8 33 a
8 00pPalo Alto and Way Button* 10.15*
11 ,30p South SanFranclsco, Mlllbrae. Bar-
linsame. 6an Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8.45»
¦11-30p Mayfl-ld. Mouataln View, Soaay-
vale, Lawreace, Saata Clara aad
an Jose t9.4S»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. —
t Sondav excepted. iSundarontr
c Saturday ocly. 6 Monday oaly.
{btopi at all statloas «a Sunday.
|\" CALIFORNIA $1
B LIMITED TO CHICAGO II
1 LEAVES MONDAYS tad THURSDAYS j
jH at i)"-:U) a. m., throngn la S days, B
S3 with diner and all trappings. H
Other Saata ?• Trains i
T-.30 a. m.1 for stockton> Fr««,o. Bakers&eM.
8 loo pt nt J Merced. Hasford and VUa'la.
4:00 p. m! for Stockton.
8:C0 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Cuyoa and
- Chlcaro.
TXCXZT orriCES — 641 Xarket St. anA
Ferry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 37 South Ttrst St..
Baa Jose. v
H CAZADERO, Etc
via Han sail to I"erry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGS.
Depart from San Francisco, week day*. »t
C-30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:13. 10:00, 11:00 a 4r
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20. 1:4a, jij
i;C0. 4:35. 5:15. 5:5O. «:J3. 7:15. '»:00t loiao
11:35 P- m. Sunday* and lesal hollday» depart
it 7:10. 7:45. S:3O. 9:13, 10:00. 11:00. iw5
L m. i2:20. 1:00. 143. 2:30. 3:13. 4 -0O 4-m
£l5. 5:50. «:=5. 7:15. 8:13. 8:00. 10:^*
P "Arrr»e at San ' Francisco, week days m-n
7:00?7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 0:33. 10:2a UToa'- „*
12:05. 1:25 2:30 3:35 4:20. 3:05. 3:40. 6 :?3*
e:55. 7:55. 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sunday, a n< i
legal hoUdaya extra trains arrive at 13-43. ->-m_
fc:50 p. m. M|a«psJB***NBM*»«~ ~ '
For Fairfax, week day». depart at 7:48 a. m.
3:15 P. m- On Sundays and legal holiday* *i
7:45. »:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. i; is
P * "• THROUGH TRAIN3.
7.45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way rtaMona.
«;15 t m. Sundays 'only— For Point R*ye£
»*:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Cazsv
dero. «tc. , ™
8:15 p. m., Sundays only— For Cazadero. ata.
TICKET OF»ICE— €26 MarketttT^^
FERRY— Union - Depot, foot of Market st.
fEfiKjfCEL
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KA1LWAY COKFAVT,
Tihuron Terry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAW BAPAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:0o. 8:00. I1:(W a. m..
12:35. 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 5:50, 8:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
8UNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.. 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFA£L TO SAN FXAXTCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— 0:o5, e:5l>. 7:33. 7:50. J»:20.
11:15 a. m., 12:60, 12:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.:
B:-'5 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 0:30. 7:33. 8:20. 11:15 a. ra.. 1:48.
. 3:40. 4:50. 6:00. 5:20. 0:25. 7:50 p. m.
1 Except Saturdays.
Ltave I In Effect I Arrive
Kan Fran. I May 1. 1804. [ San Fran.
Week 1 Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. I day*. | Days.
7:30 a 7:43 a 7:45 a,
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40*
8:00a 9:30a lenaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p 2:30 p 8:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
| 7:23 p
8:45 pj
7:30 a 7:30 a , 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:C0a 8:00a Novato. 10:2Oa 10:20a
2:30 p 8:S!»a Petaluma 6:20 p B:ZOp
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:28 p
• 6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:3'Ja 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:COa Fulton. 7:25 p «:20p
2:30p 2:30 y 8:45 p 7:23p
Windsor
7:30 a 7:30 a HealdsburV. 10:20 a 10:20 »
Lytton. »
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 atlO:2O a
2:30 p| 2 :30 p| and Uklah. | 7 :25 p| 7 :23 p
j j Wllllts. j j
7 :30 a I 7:30 a I Sherwood. |7:25p|7:23p
8-00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. I 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40 a
6:10*p 8:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen ElUn. 8:45 p
7:30 W| 7:30 al ! 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 pi Eebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for "White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Spring*; at
Fulton for Burks'* Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Spring!: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon*-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duacan
Strings Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bud Springs. Soda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartlstt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs. Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s. Bucknell's.
Banhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptchs. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
We*tport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
We*tport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens,
Dyer. GarbervlUe^ ; Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates
On Sunday* — Round -trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. |
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass. Act.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
httwm .- Tta KststliU Ptrrj Arrive
Ban yrauciaco ft* t «f larfcrt St. Ban Fraueise*
Week 8mn- - --saB-... &nu- Week~
Day*, days. ASKm^ day*. Dart.
10:00a V»^SW 2:0Sr*1!:05A.
10:00a 11:00a TOtraSar 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:46 I- 12:20 p TOKsSS' 6:40 r 6:15 1
• :lir 1:45 r 6:t5 p 10-. 0* ¦
:.,..... 4:a»r • °* Or — -"•••«.
•fUgnttty Car. ¦• TiitlasJi t* MO TriWy.
TicxJtT I62S Market &t. (North Hhore Rallrorij
Omen land Sadsauto Fzxky. Toot Market S|,
rooks Ton gousgaasEPnro.
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1655— I eunny roomi
ccicplete; fl5 per month, or! f«r $10; sepa-
rate *_trance^
GOLDEN GATE. C31— Nicely furnisaed single
rocirj for housekeeping.
JESSIE, C23 — 2 large snmny rooms, furnished,
pas and coal rang*. 2 beds, (4 week; 2 other
rooms, S3 and $1 75 each.
KEKILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
rocm sunny apartments; steam beat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartmenta. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steazn heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; ratea reas.
LAGUNA. 1033, corner Turk (Jefferson square)
—Vacant 30ih lnst.; handsome rooms; un-
furnished or partly; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. «C6 — Two eunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MAYEELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness^ — Sunny
fur. 2 & 3 room suites, sing, rms.; gas, bath.
JUcALLISTER. 711— Housekeeping well-rurn.
front rms.; large, clean; also furn. rooms.
MCALLISTER, 907— Two cicely furnl3hed
rooms; 2 stores; laundry; sunny yard; $10;
German.
MISSION. 1219 — FurnUbed housekeeping
rooms; complete; no children.
MISSION. 275S— Two furnished rooms; sunny;
batb; gas for cooking; J12 month.
ICICC housekeeping rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 806.
OAK 117 — Complete for housekeeplag. $5 to
$12'; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407— Per month, $4, furnished; on* left
only; bath: clean; sunny. .
OCTAVIA. 3*03, corner Geary — Large suite for
housekeeping; gas range; sink; $13.
POLK 612— Back carlor suite; 2 beds; small
kitchen; cas stove; bath; porch; phone; no
children; $18.
BACRAMENTO, 3019 — Second floor. 3 or 4
•rocms. bath; partly furnished or unfurnished;
also elegant parlor suite; new carpets;
kitchen if desired: low rent.
8COTT, R00. NE. cor. Pare — Two or three
tar.cy furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
BOCTH PAUK. 104— Large eunny furnished j
basement; alto large parlor fcr light house- |
keeping.
•5UTTKR. S22 — NloeOy fur. bousekpg. rooms.
suitable for ladies: reas.; home comforts. ,
THE Virginia, 1C05 Powell— Furnished or un- |
furnished bay-window suites complete for
housekeeping; gas renge; also single.
THREE furnished rooms; bath: pantry; laun-
«!ry: yard; quiet. 1417 Fremont ave., Fruit-
vale.
TWENTT-THIRD. 3726 — 2 srrny. bay-window
rooms, eo—pletely furnished for hkpg.; reae.
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished 2-roota suite
for hcucekeepin: gas range; adults; $16.
VAN NE£S ave., cor Geary, phone Hyde i
184ft— Two beautiful, eunny. front suites for 1
kcusFkeepinff: all accommodations; terms
reasonable.
APABTaSCTT KOtTS-g.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson — Marine view; -S-4-5 j
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350. I
BOO— — ; TO !¦— T — rnra. and TJnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 145 Sixth et.— Room* i
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $0 per week and J
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. '
AT -The Alaicnte," 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth et->— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $J. $1 5t» night;
SI 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
UELMOND House, over Owl drug rtore, 2 en-
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric j
lights; running water in every room; 20o
roomx: 25: to 50c per night; $1 25 to $J week.
CALIFORNIA, 1251— Furnished room to let.
DOLORES, SSI — Large, sunny furnished room.
ElJDT. 4U2— Nice sunny single room, fine I
neighborhood; reas. to right party.
ELEVENTH, 12S — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 732— Furnished rooms to let.
FiSLL. CiO — Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH. .11©— Nice'.y furnished sunny front
rooms. 5Oc and ur; suits f^r 4 persona, $2
per Uay.
FRAXiCLIN. 1451, near Sutter— Furnished or
housekeeping sunny, corner rocms; low rein;
select place.
PULTON. 035— Furnished room to let; tele- j
Xjhone in bouse. i
7URNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phone |
Clay 996.
GEARY. 16£*i — A nicely furnished front room :
to let. with bath; (7. j
GOi-DEN Gate- ave.. 521 — Furnished front J
*>uite; reasonable; others. j
GRAND SoatfaerB. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; {1 50 to $6 wlc: reading-room.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rate;; 25c to SI day and SI 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 7S7U — Nicely furnished rooms from
fl .V) up; rood location.
HOWAKI), 760A— Furnished rcoms to let.
HOWAKD. 1008— Nicely furnished rooms with I
running water; reasonable.
HTDE. 1549— P.ooms to let.
IN desirable location; new flat; occuoled by
email private family; 1 bay- window front
room and 2 sle&sant elde rooms. Address
box 15(j«. C*3! office.
JESSIE. 3K3, east U. E. Mint— Furnished
room»; Fingle. $7; for two, JS.
LARGE: furnished front room; windows east,
aocth. west. 2311 Durant ave., Berkeley.
LARK1N. 403— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LAKKIN. SiM— Sunny furnished rooms, $7;
roorr-s with board; ranalnr water.
1SAKKET. ]O49 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
hot. ccld water, elevator; windows for parade.
MARKET. 1722— Furnlahed rooms to let-
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third Bt. — 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $S per week; the only new and mod-
«m hotel and rooming house In San Fran-
cisco that ,ia.s hot and cold water, electric
ligiits. . «!! bells, steam heat In every room
and gives free haths and elevator service day
and nic.-.t to its z-uesu.
MISSION. 617— Furnished room* to let.
MISSION. 1027— Neatly furnished front parlors
and kitchen; reasonable.
MISSION. 1321^ — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1551— Nice eunny front" suite; also
two sinrle rooms.
NATOMA. 682— Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA, 615 — Nice, front, auany room to
let.
NINTH. 134 — Furnished rooms to let.
iiOE, 254, half block from Castro car — Elesanl
front room, newly furnlahed; suitable for two
jsentlemen.
OAK. 124 — Nice furnished front parlor; private
house; 1 or 2 persons; $10 to $12 month.
OCTAVIA, 1157. Ellis-et. car. Jefferson Park—
Well furnished rooms: gas. bath, phone.
PAGE. 1776 — 2 unfurnished roomi and bath;
call mornings.
PINE. 1733 — 2 single newly furnished rooms;
bath; phone; running water; reasonable.
PINE. 2820 — Furnished room* to let.
POLK, 725 — Nice furnished room In nice lo-
cation.
FOST, 632— ICle« alnrie room* to let
POST. 8S3 — Lars* furnished room, running
vafcsr.
POST. 1037. cor. Park— Beautifully furnished
rooms, (single or en, suite.
POWELL. . 2024 — A eunny front room • with
bath. $10.
ECOTT. 503 — Nicely furnished front room to
let. . "
EDCOND. 149 — Nice front sunny room: parlor
to let tblB week; transient; very moderate.
EIXTH. 143 — Rooms ta let. with privilege of
light ' honsekecpln*;. ¦ * '
6LTTER. l£10 — Large, sunny, bay-window
.front room, with all modern Improvements.
THIRD, 80S— L'O. O. ¥".'• given flat rate 6Oc
for $1 and 75c roomi; bath; fie; quiet; recp.
' BOOMS TO LET— Tnrn. and TTnfnrn.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter— New trick bll«.,
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat.
privilege to baths; $3 to |8 week.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
room*. 35c to U night, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA. 210— Large, sunny rooms; private
family^
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
33c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec 1 .'glits; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
VVOLF House* cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
nom^ASTojaoAXB^
BEST location; excellent table; cheerful, hand-
somely furnished rooms, single or en suite;
moderate prices by week or month; $30 per
month and upward. The Newport, 1018 Pine.
ROOM and board In private family; single or
double: 2 blocks from Park; reference. 26
B et.. bet. 1st and 2d aves.. Richmond Dlst.
O'FARRELL, 1194 — Private boarding; sunny
rooms; hot and cold water; terms reasonable
for two.
A SOCIABLE home, lurdenee, for a reflned
worklngman; good meals. -Box 1676, Call.
COMORA. 621 O'Farrell— Large room, with
bath: superior table: fine grounds; rates low.
ELLIS. 453— Nicely furnished rooms, with best
of French table board: gool location; reas.
EDDY, 1128, opp. Jeffersoa Park — Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
FRANKLIN, 1518— Sunny rooms, with board,
$20; also housekeeping suite; hot.cold water.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board and room,
single- or drubte. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
PLEASANT room, excellent home table; sin-
gle, $22 50. Phone West 248. Box 1713, Call.
ROOMS with board; all locations. Phone Clay
836. 'v.
SUTTER. 820 — Elegantly furnished sunny
front rooms, with or without board.
ROOM and board In private family. -428
Jones at.
Stevenson M&nsion, opp. Grace Church annex.
SO" California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
sooM-BEzrrara agency.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 996,
or call at 117 Sutter st.
BOOMS AUTI) BOARD WANT-P.
ROOM and board for man, wife and two
children; private family; near Jefferson
Park preferred. Box 1S33, Call.
J]£ZE:
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VI A VI cq, Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
PBOFOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Men— Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for the stairwork.
mid also (this biilT.o be separate from the"
foregoing) for the roofing and sheet metal
Tvi»rk for California Hall, on the grounds of
th* University of California,' at Berkeley,
California, and said bids, on cither one or
on both undertakings, will be received at the
offiVe of the Regents. South Hail. Berkeley,
at or before 12 m. of September 24, 1&04.
No bids will b3 considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University pf
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract and give bond to
perform faithfully the duty and obligations In
accordance with said bid and with the plans
and «pecificatlons which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
By ordtr cf the Committee on Grounds and
Bull<*iniss of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
lieu — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
fuii.ishing the materials for the fireproof
floors and roof and the framing for skylight
of California Hall, cn the grounds of Uie
University cf California, at Berkeley, Cali-
fornia: and said bids will be received at the
offi-.e of th? Regents, South Hall. Berkeley,
rt or b^lorfc 5 p. m. of September 29. 1904.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bid-
der, !n favor or th* Regents of the University
of California, equal to ten (10) per cent of
his bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned
?.hat if said bid be accented the bidder will
duly €nter into proper contract and give
bonJ to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations In accordance with said bid and
with the plans and specifications which are
IiTtby inquired to be a part of such contract.
By ord«*r of the Committee on Grounds and
BulMinCb rf th* Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
l'KOI'OSALS for Subsistence Supplies, Office
Purrh^*lng Commissary. Pan Francisco. Cal..
Sei Ucr 7. 1004. — Sealed proposals for fur-
ci.-h:ur and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San
Fram-isco. Cal., as per circular to be se<-n
at this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. Wednesday. September 21,
1904. and opened Immediately thereafter. In
presence of bidder*. Specifications, general
instructions to bidders and blank forms of
proposals will be furnished to established
df-alers on application to DOUGLAS SET-
TLE. Caotaln Comsy.
MANUFACTURING clothing— Depot Quarter-
maRtir's Office, 30 New Montgomery St., San
Francisco. <*al., Sept. 12. 1904. — Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be received here un-
til 10 a. m.. October 12. 1904. for manufac-
turing and delivering to thla department 3400
dress coats, new pattern as per standard
pp?ciflcatlons and sample to be seen at this
depot. Information and blank proposals will
be furnished on application. Proposals must
be signed by bidder, enclose^ In sealed en-
velopes and addressed to the undersigned,
marked "Proposals for clothing, to be opened
October 12. 1304." C. A. DEVOL. Major and
Quartermaster, Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 17. 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., October 17.
1904. and then opea ,ed. for the construction of
a brick hospital steward's quarters, at Fort
Mason, California, including plumbing and
wiring. Government reserves the right to
reject or accept any or all bids In whole or
in part. Information furnished on applica-
tion to WILLIAM S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
SWmMgQ AOT STAKMEBnrQ.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Nets and Market,
cures; estab. in S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
| . . .
MARRIAGE. LICENSES,
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John Flockhart, 21, 305 Turk street, and
Lilly E. Wttzold. 19, 937 Eutter street.
Robert M. Plunkett. 27, city, and Mary R.
McLaughlln, 23, city.
I Peter T. Brunslng, 21, city, and Lulu V.
Schnetzler. IS. city.
George G. Hodge, 26. Knoxvllle. Tenn., and
Margaret Rogers. 24, Knoxville, Tenn.
William Conway. 30, city, and Emma Nel-
eon. 2t, city.
Charles H. Gaydon. 60. Santa Cruz, and Lib-
tie Whittaker. 55. Pocatello, Idaho.
Julius Witt. 28. 126»i Fern avenue, and Em-
lUf A. Brandenburg, 24, 126*4 Fern avenue.
Edward W. Lchner, 21, 213 Elm avenue, "and
Frances S. Fisher,' 18, 1028 Post street.
.Isaac P. Dennis, 66, Petaluma, and Mar-
garet Trousrht, 44, Petaluma.
Fred N. Howe. 23. C97 Noe street, and
Laura B. Ortb. 19, 441 Page street.
Frank Tumelly, 21. 1324 Howard street, and
Gladys Jones. IS. 702 Natoma street.
Joseph Losekamm, 21, 136A Castro street,
and -Annie -Grit fin, 18, 3629 Sixteenth atreet.
George H. Cooling Jr.. 21, 1643 Fifteenth
avenue, and Carrie A. Schach, 18, 4628 San
Bruno road.
Henry J. Clare. 30, 43 Third street, and Clara
T. Nesbltt, 24. 43 Third street.
Alexander N. Thomas, 28, 698 Eunnyslde
avenue, and Kathleen A. Woods, 21, city.
William - Hoppel, 31. C45 Bush, street, and
Msrie M. Atteberry. 25, Alameda.
. Louis S. Peters. 21, 4126 Eighteenth street,
and Alice O. Norman. 18, 724 Guerrero street.
Oscar L. Courtin, 25, San Mateo, and Mar-
guerite Maudens, 24, San Mateo.
David O'Keefe. 31, 4 Simpson place, and
Margaret Burke, 28, 330 Elsie street.
Charley A. Peterson, 81, 5 Middle street, and
Petra Hedtgaard. 31. 3701 Washington atreet.
EIRTHS-MARRIAQES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must W handed
in at either of the publication offices : and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have, the same published.
Notices restricted «lmi)ly to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. ' ¦ ¦ " • ¦-._
BOUX.
SMITH— In this city. Eeptember 17. 1904. to
the wife of Fred p. Smith, a son.
_____ ___ ___
Abler*, —aura E. Kennel ey, ."William
Anderson, Duncan Llnehan, Cecilia
Broderick. John Masset, Auguste
Bruns, John P. Mlbach. Peter J.
Carr. John J. Millmore. Joseph
Courbet. Bertha - McShane, Nellie T.
Costello. William Nagle. Peter Buck
Crowe John F. O'Shea, Daniel
Dockefy. Patrick Pfuhl. Henry R.
Donahue. Lottie W. Plagemann. Louisa
Ely, Ralph A. „ Quayle Sarah P.
Emmett, George Reid. John J. -
Frederlckson, Wm. Roche, Mary
Halght, Fred B. Stollberg, Marie D.
Haines, Cornelius P. Stone, Hannah
Hauer. Charles Stern. Samuel N.
Horn, Margaret Taylor. Emily B.
Hurley. Joseph G. Winship. Clara
Kelley. Annie .
AHLERS— In this city, September 18, 1904.
Laura E. Ahlers dearly beloved wife of
Amandus W. M Ahlers and devoted mother
of Mrs. Beldln Tingley "and Walter 'A.. Ella
M.. Laura M. and Helene D. Ahlers. and
sister of Mrs. Otto C. Rampendahl. a native
of Indiana, aged 44 years 5 months and 7
days. (New York papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
Tuesday). September 20, at 1:30 p. nv from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In Oakland, September 19. 1904.
Duncan, beloved husband of Agnes Ander-
bon, a native of Scotland, aged 67 years 1
month and 9 days.
BRODERICK— In Oakland, Eeptember 19,
1904, John Broderick, beloved husband of
Ellen Broderick, and father of Eleanor, Mar-
garet. Eveline and the late Katie Broderick,
a native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
58 years and 4 months.
E~ Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday),
September 21. at 8:30 a- m., from his late
residence. 1274 Thirteenth avenue, thence to
St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass wlll.be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
BRUNS— In this city. September 19. 1904. John
P. Bruns beloved brother of Mrs. <J. Dunn
and Mrs. Ann Pitt, a native of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., aged 45 years and 6 months.
ETNotlce of the funeral hereafter.- Re-
mains at the funeral parlors jst .Theodor
Dlerks. undertaker, 957 Mission* street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth.
CARR— In this city. September 17. 1904. John
J. Carr. beloved son of Peter J. and the late
Katie Carr. and brother of Thomas. Peter
and Edward Carr. Mrs. R. Thomas, and
Katie. Josie. George. Clara and Walter Carr,
a nativo of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
(Chicago papers please cupy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 20, at 10 a, m.. from St. James'
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where a requiem high mass will be *cele-
brated for the repose of hjs soul. Remains
at mortuary chapel of James Hagan & Co.,
49-51 Duboce avenue, formerly Thirteenth
etreet. near Valencia. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COSTELLO— In this city. William Costello, be-
loved husband of Sarah Costello and father
of Richard W. Joseph "V., Francis J. and
Alice M. Costello. a native of Rathkeale,
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 72 years.
|C7"rhe funeral will take place Wednesday
morning. September 21. at 9 o'clock, from
his late residence, 923 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 0:30- o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
COURBET — In the City and County Hospital.
September 17, 1904. Bertha Courbet, a native
of France, aged 43 years.
CROWE— In Suisun, Solano County. Sept. 18,
1904. John F., beloved eon of the late Thomas
and Bridget Crowe, and brother of Thomas
Crowe and the late Mrs. John McCauley. a
native of Michigan, aged 2S years 1 month
and 11 days.
ETRemains at parlors of the United Un-
dertakers. 866 Mission street, between Fourth
and Fifth.
DOCKERY— In this city. September 18, 1904,
Patrick Dockery, beloved husband of the
late Bridget Dockery, and beloved father, of
Mrs. Mary E. Jose and Edward Dockery. a
native of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged
S3 years and S months. (Trinity Journal
please copy.) •
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
? (Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 3^0 Noe street, between Market and
Seventeenth, thenoe to old Mission Dolores
Church, corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. in. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DONAHUE— In this city. September 18. 1904,
Lottie Winnlfred, dearly beloved and young-
est daughter of James and Catherine Dona-
hue, and devoted sister of John. James and
Catherine Donahue. Mrs. W. Swett, Mrs. H.
O'Day and Mrs. M. Christian, a native of
San Francisco.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. ro., from the residence
of her parents. 28 Alvarado street, near
Guerrero, thence to St. James * Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will b9
celebrated for the repose of her soul, 'com-
mencing *at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ELY— In this city. September 18, 1904. of
typhoid pneumonia. Ralph A., beloved hus-
band of Irene B. Ely, and brother of Frank
A. Ely. a native of Ohio, aged 43 years.
(Chicago. 111., papers please copy.)
(C7>'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ! to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. from the asylum of
California Commandcry No. 1. K. T., Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets. Interment private.
EMMETT— In this city. September 18. 1904,
George, beloved husband of Mary Emmett,
a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged 72 years
6 months and 9 days.
FREDERICKSON— In East Oakland. Septem-
ber 19, l»04. at 516 East Sixteenth St., Cap-
tain William Frederlckson, beloved husband
of Lilllc and father of Vernon Fredcrlckson,
a native of Norway, aged C2 years and 2
days. A member of Brooklyn Lodge No.
225, F. and A. M.; Brooklyn Lodge No. 32,
K. of P.: Brooklyn Lodge No. 3, A. O. U.
W.. and Orion Lodge No. 189, I. O. O. F.
HAIGHT— In this city September 18. 1804,
Fred B., beloved husband of Alice Hastett
Halght, and son of the late Henry and Mrs.
W. A. Halght. aged -43 years and 5 months.
03 r Interment private.
HAINES— In Oakland. September 18, 1004, Cor-
nelius P. Haines, beloved son of Charles W.
! Haines and Jennie L. Haines of Haywards, i
and brother of Warner Haines. a native of
Oakland, aged 1 year 1 month and 3 days.
tCTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday). September 20. 1004, ; at 11
a. m.. at the residence of J. F. W. Unfug,
209 Seventh street. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
HAUEIl— In this city. SememDer 18.' 1904,
Charles Hauer, beloved brother of Jacob
Hauer and Mrs. Karen Rashorn, and uncle
of Andrew, Martha, George, Charles, Boss
and Lala Rashorn. a native of Sarsborg,
Norway, aged 43 years and 20 days.
HORN— In this city, September 18 1904, Mar-
garet, widow of ahe late John Horn, and be-
loved rr.o^cr of Walter. Joseph J. and the
late Frank Horn, beloved sister of Mrs.
Ann McMenomey... Mrs. Mary Fields, Mrs.
Ellen Mannion. Mrs. Bridget Hannon and the
late Mrs. Katie Egan. a native of Drum--
cullough, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 59
years. (Durand. WIs., and Blsbee, Ariz.,
papers please copy.)
(_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0:30 a. m., from her late
residence. 1U20 Laguna street, : between Post
and Sutter. thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURLEY — In Frultvale, September 19, 1904.
Joseph^ Glldden Hurley, husband of ths late
Clementina Hurley, an*-father of Mrs. E. J.
Hlgby, Mrs. Frank Toby, Mrs. John Bridge,
also Joseph Clement, Edward Alexander and
Willlard Thompson Hurley, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 65 years 1 month and 21'
days.
KELLEY— In this city. September 18. 1904.
Annie Kelley. a. native of County Roscom-
mon. Ireland, aged 71 years.
KENNELEY— In this city. September 19. 1904.
William Kennek-y, a native of Ireland, aged
52 years. A member of the Riggers' and
Sttvedor«3* Union, Local No. 222 of the I.
L. M. and T. A.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the funeral
parlors of McGinn & Hansen, 214 Eddy
street, between Taylor and Jones. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
L1NEHAN— In this city. September 18, 1904,
Cecilia Llneban. dearly, beloved wife of J.
J. Llnehan, and mother of Mary Llnehan,
and sister of James. Patrick and Margarlte
Devlne. and cousin of Mrs. William Leacb
and Mrs. M. Bogue, a native of County
Roscommon. Ireland, aged 29 years 5 months
and 8 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 20. at 9:15 a. m., from her late
residence, 2797 Bryant street, between
Twenty-flfth and Twenty-sixth thence to
Et. Peter's Church, Alabama street, be-
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-flfth,
where a requiem Jilgh mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of .her soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 a. m. sharp. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. :
MASSET— In this city, September 17 1904,
Auguste Masset. a native of France, aged 77
years. i~l»»Mfr|i*uiMTHIMWWflWI»OTfl^fa
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 a. m.. at the mor-
tuary chapel' of Julius Godeau. 303 Montgom
ery avenue. Interment Mount Olivet 1 Ceme-
tery. • . .
McSHANE— In this . city, September 18 1904
Nellie T. McShane. beloved wife of the late
Daniel L. McShane. and mother of Edward.
F. : J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mtssloa 31.
monahan; o'hara&k co.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
— .--.. 2330-2341 1 Mission St.?; near Nineteenth. < ¦» •
San Francisco.
Dalay and Ruth McShane. and daughter of
the. late Captain Kerrnish. a native of San
Francisco, aged 42 years 8 months and 12
days.
CTThe funeral service* will take place
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 a. ra., at the
parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
i Guerrero streets.
MIBACH— In Sausallto, September 19. 1904,
Peter Joseph Mlbach, beloved husband of the
.late Catharlna Mlbach. and beloved father of
Mrs. Mangle Muller, Mrs. Frank Garrlssere.
Mrs. Peter Weber, and Mathlaa and Henry
Mlbach and the late Michael Mibach and
Mrs. Annie Espel a native of Dahlhausen.
Germany, aged 82 years 4 • months and 19
days. A member of St. Paulus D. R. K.,
Unterstutzungs Vcrein.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
Gantner Bros. 12P9 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a requiem high mass will be
, celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MILLMORB— In this city. September 19, 1904,
Joseph Mlllmore beloved husband of Carrie
Mlllmore, and brother of Mrs. E. M. Rhodes
of Seattle. Wash, a native of England, aged
44 years 4 months and 13 days." A member
of Court Eclipse rfo. 14. F. of A., and In-
ternational Brotherhood of Teamsters. Local
No. 85.
E7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. at the
parlors of , Craig. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk *and Larkln
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
NAGLE^ — In this city. September 19 1904. Pe-
ter Buck, .beloved father of James L.,
Charles G. and Peter B. Nagle. and Mrs.
Catherine F. Brown, and Mary C. and Clara
G. Nagle. a native of Canada, aged 77 years
10 months and 19 days. (Buffalo. N. Y.,
papers please copy.)
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'SHEA— In this city. September 17, 1904.
Daniel, beloved husband of Marcella O'Shea,
beloved eon of the late Cornelius and Mary
O'Shea, brother of Cornelius O'Shea. and
brother-in-law of Mrs. William Pike and
Mrs. Loyd Flandburg. a native of Brooklyn.
N T., aged 40 years. (Seattle. Arlington and
Massachusetts papers please copy.)
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 20, at 8:30 a. m., from his late
residence, 3228 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a EOlemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PFUHL — Suddenly in Modesto. September 18.
1904. Henry R. Pfuhl, dearly beloved husband j
of Marie Pfuhl. and father of Emll A.. Dor- !
othy C. Henry R. and Gussie A. Pfuhl, a !
native of Germany, ased 57 years. (New
York and New Orleans papers please copy.)
(Cyinterment private. ,
PLAGEMANN— In this city, September 19,
1904. Louliia D.. beloved wife of J. P. Plage-
mann. and mother of Henry G., Emllle E..
Oscar F. and Robert D. Plagemann. and
sister of Mrs. Emllie Elckhoff. a native of
California, aged 46 years 10 months and 13
j days. (Sacramento, Cal.. papers please copy.)
E7"The funeral will take place Wednesday.
September -21, at 10 a. m.. from her late
residence 1C90 Page street, corner of Broder-
ick. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
QUAYLE— In Oakland, September 19, 1904.
at 560 Junes street. Sarah P., beloved wife
of Thomas Quayle, a native of Preston,
Kngland, aged iji years 9 months and 2
days.
REID— In this city. September 19, 1904. John
J. Reid, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Reid, and beloved father of Emmett Reid,
a nativo of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 39
years 9 months and 5 days. A member of
Carmen's Union No. 205.
JCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. September 21. 1904. at Benlcla, at St.
» Dominlck Church, at 9:."iO o'clock, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul. Remains at Golden Gate
Undertaking Parlor*.
ROCHE— Sept. 17. 1804. Mary, dearly beloved
daughter of Catherine and the late Denis D.
Roche, and sister of Denis and Michael
Roche and Mrs. R. Cotter, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 9 months and 11
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 818 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her sou!
at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
STERN— In this city. September 19. 1904. Sam-
uel N. Stern, beloved husband of Carrie
Stern, and father of Nathan and Ethel Stern,
and brother of Mrs. B. Schweyer of San
Jose, a native of Germany, aged 51 years and
11 months. (San Jose papers please copy.)
C7 Interment at San Jose Wednesday
morning.
STOLLBERG— In Oakland, at the German
Altenheim. September IS 1904. Mrs. Marie
Dorothea Stollberg. beloved mother of Mrs.
Phillip Conradi and Mrs. George Conradi of
Dcs Molnes. Iowa, a native of Prussia Ger-
many. Hgcd 80 y*ars 6 months and 25 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. at the
residence of Phillip Conradi. 224 Fourth
street. Oakland. Interment private. Kindly
omit florrers.
STONE— In this city. September 19. 1004.
Haiinua . beloved mother of Jacob. Marcus,
Abraham L., Leon D. and Belle Stone and
Mrs. B. Slnshelmer. a native of Ichenhausen.
Germany, ased 70 years and 10 months.
lETNotlce of funeral hereafter. ,
TAYLOR— In this city September 18 1904.
Emily B.. beloved wife of Henry Taylor, and
sister of James Edward Fay, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years. (Portland,
Ore., papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
» September 20. at 8:30 a. m. from the
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mis-
sion street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, thence to St. Paul's Church,
corner of Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
WIXSHIF — In Frultvale, Seatember 10, 1901.
at Bray avenue, near the old county n»d,
Mrs. Clara WlnshlD. widow, of the late
George C. Wlnahip and mother of Mrs. Her-
j Iwrt P. Fletcher, a nativo of Pennsylvania,
aged GO years 1 month and 7 days.Local** securities were quiet' yesterday, witli
Trading {Light, With Some
Weakness in the Sugars.
• Exchange and Fidlion.
Silver was Vic higher and foreign Exchange
slightly lower. -
. LOCAL. : ¦,
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .. — $4 84*i
Sterling Exchange, sight .....;¦?. — ;v.-4 K7
Sterling • Exchange, • cables ...... ¦ — n 4 j^
New - York • Exchange.^ sight.'. .... — • V2%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — '05
Silver, . peP ounce '—-' ¦ C7^-
Mexican Dollars.;..'...-.....'..... ' — ' •¦ ¦' 40-
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on . Mexico. .: . .-.....;.. .2l5?i
Berlin ,on London.. ...20.41
Paris on London. 25.21
¦ Wlicat and Other Grains:
' WHEAT— Liverpool. and Paris futures twere
both " lower. The -world's shipments for.'tfce
! the sugar stocks developing some weakness.
•Uaka»ell was $1 lower at $2S 5u. There was
a very fair business ia the Tonopah mining
stocks, but the other mining stock* wera dull
and the oil stocks were listless.
The Pacific Coast Borax Ompany will pay »
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share en
September 29. -
The gross earnings of the California North
western Railway Company for July amounted
to $151,273. an Increase of $0887 as compareu
with July. 1303. The net earnings mcrea**
$672 and the surplus $7(i7.
STOCK A?TD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Sept. 15— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Asiu
4s qr coup... 107 l ilCS 4s qr cp new. 1.11 * 4 1::2U
4s qr reg 100 *i 107 3s qr coup. ..105 1©3*»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOTCo «s..HS —
Assctd Oil 5s 70 70\i! Do 5s llo — »•
Bay CPC Ss.lOOU — I Do con 5s.. — 103
Cal C G 5s. — lCS'ril Oceanic S 5*. — 70
Cal G St E g lOm Cable «s.l24 —
m * ct 5*. Sl*i &1V,'. Pac G Im 4a. f>5 9«
Cal-st C 5«.lt2«^ — I P E Ry 5s. .105»;i03T*
C C Wat 5s. 9JJ — IP &. C II 6s. I'M —
EdLAP«s— 123 |P*OR Bs.114 —
F & C H em. — — lPowell-st ta. — —
Gfary-st 3s. 50 «5 ! Sac EG&R 5r 90«il01
H C&S 5»is. — — |SK & SJV 5s.ll3\ —
o 5s lOO^iOlU" Sierra Ry Bs.luyVj —
Hon R T «».106ii — I S P of A 6a— '.
L A Elec 5a. — — | THX»> IM. —
L. A Ry 5a..llC 3 i — I il01"» 1C9 —
LALC O 6«— — [SPofC 6s— . ¦
Do gtd Ba. — — I (loril)Sr A-lCS^i —
Do gtd Ss.lfBUlOS I n»05)Sr B.in4%tf.5t4
LAP lem 5«.102>, — »lJ»0fi» 10«V,108
Mkt-st C «s.H4^ — 1 H012> — lim
Do lem 5s. 113 — SPC 1 eg 5s. 115% —
MV&MtT 5s.l02 .— I Do stmjxl. .irau.U0
N R of C 6s. 106*4 — I S P B R 8*.133U — .
Do 5s ll<« T i — IS V W 6s.. .104 —
N P C R 5s. 105 105\i! Do 4s 2dm.HiO«i —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 I Do 4s Odrn. — W 1 *
N C P C 5s. — *) i Do g mtg4s 9S'-j 99
N S R R 5s. — 102'i! St*n G4E 6s V> —
O GLAII 5s. — lift'* 1 U G &. E Sa.lOI's —
O W gtd 5s. — 1(0 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — Z'Vi'. Port Costa... — —
Marln Co. . . — (« IS V W Co. . 3SI, S3
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P. ZV* — \ S F G t. E. — 6314
Mutual E L. — 124' Stkn G A E. — 5*»
Pacific L Co 53U 60 f U G & E Co. — —
INSUR.VNCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 f
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 I Lon P & A,1M —"
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 | Mer Trust... 23O ttO
Bank of Cal.420 425 I Merch Ex... 60 Wt*
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 | S F National — . —
First Natlonl — — T
SA^^^JGS banks.
Ger S tc. L.228O 2350 I Sav i L So. — 100 *
Hum S St. L — — l^ec Sav Ek..SS0 40O
Mutual Sav. — 99 J Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.607^ — I .'
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 2C0 iPresidlo — «1
Geary — 25 I
POWDER.
GUnf 62?, — IVlgorlt — »
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C- 62^ — Makaw.l! S C » —
Honokaa S C 15** — Onomea 3 C 27H —
Hutch S P C 10 10*4 Paauhau S C 15H IS
KlUuea S C. 4 4^1 - I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127 129«a: Oceania S C. 2«» —
Cal F C A.. 90 — I Pac Aux F A 4*, —
Cal Wine A. MH 83 I Pac C Bont.lM —
MV&Mt Tm. 9« — I Pac S T * T.10C - 1C«
SALES. • . -
Morning Sesssloa.
Board—
$10,0^0 Associated Oil Co 5* 70 Ct*
$1 (>CO Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar Ss.101 12V»
50 Oceanic S S Co 2 75
Street —
12S 9 F Gas and Electric 62 25
5 S F Gas and Electric, cash.... 62 ZS
' . Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co 69....IOO 23
5 California Fruit Canner*' 9O 00
25 Honokaa S Co 13 «C«4
$10,000 Hawaiian Com'l and 6ugar 6».1O1 W»
' 50 KUanea Sugar Plan Co....... 4 23
2ft Makaweli 2S 50
."*•» Ononita Sugar Co CT 12'j
$2.C0O S F and S J V 5* 119 CO
Street — . ...._.. ._
$1,000 N P C R R 5s 103 03
$2,000 Pacific Gas Imp 4s 95 0»
$7,000 S V 4a (2d mtge) 100 2*
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
1 i\V' Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 8s. 98Va — SPCR<i.--lW
B L Wat 6s. — 117HI S P Co 4Vi«.10O»4 —
Cal N Ry S* — 112^1 Sun TAT «*. — 11*
M C Wat 5*. 100 — I Do 5» 10* —
Rlsdn I W 5* — 105 8utter-st 5s.. 104 —
SF* Drdk 5a. — — ( URR of SF4s S5 83^»
SF & NP Ss.112 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.A»lL.
Ala 8 Co... 27 28^1 L A S F Bk. — *>
Am Biscuit. — 90 I Mat Nav Co. — »
Cal Cot Mill* 80 — I Mills Ntl Bk. — —
CalG&ECor45 43 I Nev Ntl Bk.I93 —
Cal Jock C1.110 — IN S R R... »% —
Cal Powder .— 150 |N C P Co.. — t^
Cal Bhip Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal TItT. — 135 I Cak T Con.. *3 —
Cen Bk Oak — «3 I IOOF Hall A •», —
Chute* Co... — «morphrom Co. — 13»*
City & C Bk — 120 1 Pae C Cas..l23 ' —
Cyp Ln Im. — «?» Pac Surety.. 105 —
! Ea*t Dynm.SCO — ParaX Paint. S9 —
DuP Pdr pfd — «0 « F Drydcck — «»
Do com... — 30 8FA8JV Coal 17 (« 20
FN Bk Oak. 120 — 8 J Wat Co.103^ —
Fischer Thtr — 65c 3 O&TKbt C.123 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Swl«s-A Bk-113 —
Cas Con A. — 22H!Truckee Elec JH —
llono P Co.. 23 28 [UR InCo pfd. 8« »7H
Do (Pool). - 27'4' Do com.... U —
Afternoon 8e§sloo.
$17, CCO Unittd R R of S F 4s 2 **
California Stock and O il Exchange
OU Stock— Bid. . 'Asked.
Ai^ociated Trust CertlScatcs. ' I* at
Caribou * ™ ••••
Oaretnont • r-JS '
Independence » '""•"'-vfu i S *
Kern ••¦ * •*•* ¦ . "11
K«rn (n«) • „ »»
Kern River ...* ••- -.-*-•£?
Monarch (of Artwina> «•
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept.. Dec.
OpenLng "."*%• 7 6'i
Closing 7 3fi 7 6U
PARIS. • '
Wheat— . , . Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Openlnc 23 75 24 80
Closing 23 50 24 75
Flour— . .
Opening 31 40 32 60
Closing 31 20 32 75
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
-PORTLAND. Sept. 19.— WHEAT— For ex
port: Walla Walla, 70c: bluestem, 83c; valley.
fc5c. For shipment East: Walla Walla, 8Jc;
bluestem, ¦•
WASHINGTON. ,
TACOMA, Sept. 19.— WHEAT— Market Uc
lower. Bluestem. 82Uc: club. 78Hc.
Northern -Business.
* SEATTLE. Sept. 19 — Clearings. 1833,680;
balanoes. (170.807.
TACOMA. Sept. 19.— Clearings, $427,512; bal
ances. $G3,951. ' -
POP.TLAND. Sept. IB.— Clearings, $1,006,674
balances, $100,983.
SPOKANE, Sept 19. — Clearings, 1460,230;
balances, $58,C46.
stocRS ana Lotrce. j
W:re» rrcm New York to E. F. Hutten & Co.
les'.erday said:
STOCKS — Sentiment is mixed. After last I
w*ek/s fceai-y tracsacticna w« have had or.!y ;
a «snaU vo'.uine of business to-day. The*
•f.eclfe and PeansyJvania represented the volume j
cf tra&ss ar.d it appeared like good buying |
In these •ecuritlts at certain levels where 1
¦tock was acp&rtr.ily tccumulated. Crcp news ,
was favorable anil rail tray 'tr:.::.;s very gratl- !
¦?Jlng. We can describe the market to-day u ,
b«:£g directly profestionai In ictlv* Issues with j
on* or two n •;•.:.:.:¦, tied this condition is {
.:.-(.y to be seen Tor eonie tin:e..as it-is be- 1
lieved lh« big banking interests wiea to check
the cperav.'.r.* 01 varlou* pools which have been
larg* borro'uer* of money recently. The exist
ing tltuaUcn and outiock. both as regards
general money situation and outlook for the
c: c;m and sreneraJ buslscss, im etlil favorable j
Icr higher prices and it i» new believed that 1
call xnmey will rule higher than 3 or 4 per
•eat before election day. London Is buying I
tock* oa lt.ia decline.
COFTEE — Ccffee cpened at EAtsrda>-'s close, j
aotwithstaniir^ lower cable* from Havre and
kvg* receipts from Brazil, but soon gained j
•tn -l~-~ ! • t in Havre and In the local mar
ket. Business la not larse and traders eeeni
*o b« rsitisf eomething more definite as re
gnria th* cew crop other then th« cables they
have received to date. Santos. cables very bad
flcwerins.
?
Dried Fruit and Hops.
L«te call advice* from New York eay:
Ther* Is a good demand fcr eultana raisins,
•rttk fa'-r t . > of the imported kind on the'
*jx>t. California teedles* DUEcatels have !
further weakened, tr.d we hear of a sale cf
icur cars c' new crop for shipment from the
¦ at 2c f. o. b. The first of the new crop 1
Valencia lajere ha? trrived. ll was a entail i
icvcic* an.1 it ts understood that the bu'k of
¦ was cold while afloat at 7^c The eame
pi ice is asked for the second steamer ehip
1: •¦!:•.. which will be due later In the month. |
<VLle* from Greece report a stronger mar- ;
k> 1 for currants for prozapt shipment without!
r iterialij- aSecUng the situation here. The j
pram market remains in a dull and depres&*-d
.--..-:.. but the limit of the decline w*mi
if. ta\e been reached for the present. Peaches
and apricct* continue scarce and firm, business
bplng restricted by the limited cCerings and
f.rrrjt view* of holders.
HOPS — Telegraphic advices received from
the coast reported active and firm markets.
|| «ik learned that during the raet few
days about 2i>O bales Russian Kiixr hi>r>8
m*-re •njd at 2iijc; other sales reported were
&UI bales Oreicons at £ti He and there were
reports of op to 27e being paid for choict
•election*. A tendency was shown to reduce
• ~ .:..--' of the Orepon crop. SO.OoO to 85,OCiO
bal^s now beir^ • the popular idea of "the
yield of that croTJ. ' According to some ad
vice* Iroci the coest only a eoiall percentage
of the California crop remains to tie marketed.
*-"ia:e advices reported a firm niarket. with
bu«ncw being trarsacted at 30c. Locally there
iiu a firm market, with dealers giving a fair
•.njount cf ettentioa to the limited supplies
cJIored. Foreir- market* coctisued firm.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19. — Close — Money on
call, ftra; highest. 2 per cent; lowest, 1%
per oeat; ruling rate, 1% per cent; last loan,
11. p«- cent; closing bid, 1% per cent; of-
Jered at 1% per cent.
T.zne loans. sii«hUy firmer: sixty days, ZQ
1"h Per cent: clnety days, S@3% i>er cent; six
months, L\'e* per cent.
Prime mercantile i*Lper, 4S5 per cent.
Eterlir.* excnaz.ge weak, closing steady, with
•actual business in bankers' bills at (4-£G45&
4.8C50 for deriand and at $4.8425^4.6435 for
«,.>:y-<iar bUlA.
Posted rates. $4 85©4 674.
Cosistercia: bills. $4 £3Sd4 S3H-
Bar s'.l-rer. 57 He.
Mexican dollars, 45^io.
Oorrersaest tends, firm; railroad bonds,
T.
77ew York Stock Market.
AKM.' TORK. Sept. 19.— Price* of «tock« lost
fcrouad aga!a to-day anfl there was a decided
fcfcrlskag* In th* vo'.uce of business. This
was. partly attributable tc the occurrence of the
? u i l > "if **« Jewish holiday of Tom Kippur, the
(jilnwi >iiiih of which kept a large element away
tivt" the scasicn of the Stock Exchange.' The
t+xrlTLS tzioT«meat cf stocks was not pre
dpitat* aad wm« made irrerularly and with
ft-eenret pans«a aod rallies. The appearance of
w«akx«<m was most aeate at the time the rcrn
market was ctrongejt, giving a sug-gejftion of
tt;« factor of the greatest influence on eenti
rr.rct. Th* mover. T.t ia both markets was
rift based oa Immediate news developments,
txrt en th* appearanc* of estimates of xne
votaxa* ef tb« crop by experts who hare won
t-err. K!lowicx la the course o! the recent
• <-!•.•• •perdatlca tn wheat anl In stocks.
Thes« «stl2natea wera for a total crop of less
than 2,000,009,000 bushels, compared with a
«rop !c4!cat«K) by the Government's figure* of
F*Tt*mb*r 1 of 2.491,000 barbels.
There was Increasing discussion also cf th«
tnsoey -orrtlook, based on the Saturday bank
statement. The effect of this statement was a
2 p*T -rest rat* for call loans and a ncner tone
tvx time loans for the «hort*r periods. With
th* surplus reserve cut in two In ttrfe weeks
s-rid tt* larger part of the crop moving de
xsand yet • o \ # met. It is obvloo* that an early
rrmtrmrtion of ri.t loan accommodations of
N*w Torlc banks rr-j« b« enforced. Confl
<;-r.ce is -. :t that this Qiay be don« without
»trtngency of money, but tt remain* true that
the money that loans at 1 per cent and'nnder
en the Stock Exchange for speculative pur
pose* la what would otherrise of necessity
lte idle In back vaults and t« In consequence
th* first to - «¦ called in. Thus It aljposfln
\ariab!y toUowa from the first contraction ,*)l
hank loans that som* liquidation comes upon
tlM Ftock Exrfcarjte. ¦ .
Eterlirg exchange wu off to-day in response
t»- th* firmer money market, but discount
•iso hardened ar.d gold rose In London. The
¦Uatl« w&rr.* the London market that' U
cannot expect continuance of th* present ex
treme ease of money there If New York call*
ror rold, a« tafilcated by the movement of
eschar.rr Intericr banks are drawing on
New 'Sork «<-pc»!t« for meeting obligations to
the Government, thus accounting for the con-'
»mued decrease in the Sub-treasury operations
The harvectl&r period and the crop "uncer
tainty st!II hav* an effect on raHroad traffic
bet ofCcials express cor.fi.denc* !n a good fall
traffic after the crops are harvested. Earnings
for the *ecflnd week of the month show some
mixed Wte but th* Southwe»terns report
.ng to-<lay «ho«-e<j *,,. -i increases over last
year. The fact as ocmrr.ented upon that the
3fil«»mirt, KaasE!" and Texs* annual reDort
like that of the St. Paul last week, showslnl
•.reane* In -expeasee. it more than accounted for
by the higher cost of operation, although ex
penditures for maintenance are somewhat cut
down. Currer.t opinion on the outlook for
*t«*l trade revival mas not no sanguine ss l««t
week, while etm* very hopeful views of the
copper, trade were heard In connctlon with
the virorous advance In Amalgamated -copper
The closing was very dull and heavy, but
s^ove.the lewcrt. . . . - ' T7~
The bond market was easy. Total sales.
per value. $3,425,000. United States 4 ¦ ad
vanced V» per cent on call.
SEW YORK STOCK LIST. •
E. T. liutton & Co.. 400 California street.
East Francltco, members of th« New Vork
f-tock Exehanje. lurnlsh the folluwinj; official
({uetatlcns of that Eschan^e: .
£*le«. [ Etocks— lUlsb Low.! Bld.i Ark.
[Adams Erprcre..] | !«24 J230
C1.600iAB>aijr Copper.. | J 1 Sa^j M
I of Cranberries were .received from the Coos I
Bay region and were held at |2 50 per box. 1
but no sales were .reported, as the Berries
were of poor quality and failed to attract
trade. The five barrels of Oregon Cranberries
received last, week were sold yesterday at $10
per barrel a lower price than expected.
STRAWBERRIES— $1#2 50 per cheat for
large varieties and £Vfx5 Xor small berries.
. BLACKBERRIES— $1S3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— *4©tt per chesty
HLTKLEBERKIES-6€Sc per lb.
APPLES— $1J?1 25 per box for fancy. 65£
90c for choice and UO05Oc for common.
PEARS— Bartletts. $lgl 35 per box: Win
ter Nellis fc5o©$l; other winter varieties. 35©
75c. .
PEACHES— Small boxes, 50#90c; open boxes.
5Ocig$l.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50@S5c per box or
crate.
POMEGRANATES— 40©75o for small and $1
61 25 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25®5Oc per box
FIGS — 4C@73c per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes 50c{j?l per crafe;
Nutmeg Melons. 2t)(340c per box; Watermelons.
$lji-'» per dozen.
•GRAPES— Small boxes and crates: Seedless.
50c: Tokay. 4O©75c: Muscat. .40@60c; Isabella,
«Ofi75c; Black. 20360c. Large open boxes —
Black. 60#75c; Tokay. 75c«*l 25: Muscat 50o
€$1; Wine Grapes, from Martinez $21 per
ton. from other sections $12818 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 50®3 75 per
box for Valencias; Lemons. $2 50@3 for
fancy. $1 75£2 25 for choice and $1 zXffl 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit, nominal; Mexican
Limes. $5@5 50 per case: Bananas, $1 25Q2
per bunch for Central American" and 75c0
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $334 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7%{f9%e for
Royals and frgl2c for Moorparks: Nectarines.
5%©7c; Peaches. 64@S4c per lb: Pears. 7©
12c; Plums, pitted, 6@t>4c for black. 8gS4c
for red- and 7@94c for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks. 524c; 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown. «5c; 8
crown, 75c; bulk white, 3%e34c; black, 4c
Evaporated Apples. 5467c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%®1%c per lb for the four sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehe«a $1 S5©2:
London Layers, . SOcgJl ; Loose Muscatels. J
crown. 34©4c; 3-crown. 3@3%c; 2-crown,
24@2%c; Seedless. 24@2%c: Floated. 24c;
Thompson's Seedless. 4%c; Seedless Sultana?,
3@3%c. 1903 crop— Loose Muscatels, 2@24c;
Seedless. l%c; Floated 2c; Pacifies I%fl2^c;
Seeded. S'4 ©44c: Malagas, 1%©«%c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 134@14c:
No. 2. 114@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13«134c:
No. 2. ll&114c: Almonds. l«Q17e for new
Nonpareils. H'gU^c for 1 X L. 13@14c for
N» Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Pea
nuts, 6@7o for Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Co
coanuts, $4 60^5.
HONEY— Comb. llH©13c for whlU and 10©
lie for amber: water white extracted, 54«
64c: light amber extracted. 5<?6c; dark. 39
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisiotis.
At Chicago small receipts of Hogs caused
considerable covering by shorts and increased
outside buying. There was no change in this
market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 11 %c per lb for
heavy, 114c for light medium. 14c for light.
144o for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides, 10%c; Bellies, 114c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams Lite; - Call.
fcrnla Hams. 134c: Mesa Beef. $10910 50 per
bbl ; extra Mesa. $11911 60; Family. $12£12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear $24;
Mess, $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
compound and 94c (or pure: half -barrels
pure, 9%c: 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c;
3-lb tins, 104c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8%c; three
! half barrels. 8%c; on* tlerca, 84c; two tierces.
Ec; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
[Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
New York continues to report a firm market
for Hops, as will be seen In the first column
HipES AND SKINS — Culls and brands «el!
about 461c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 104c; medium. 94c: light. 9c: Cow !
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for lighf
Stags. 64c; Salted Kip. 94c; Salted Veal, loc- 1
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. 164c; dry Kip.'
13c; dry Calf. I9c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25a
40o each; short Wool, 40@65c each; medium
75g9Oc; long Wool. *1©1 50; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $232 50 for medium.
$1 2&gl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; liars*
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do.
TALLOW — No. 1. rendered. 434%c per 1b.;
No. 2. 34c: graded. 2463c.
.WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern. 9@llc: Southern, 8S9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9#llc; Middle Counties, free. 12#14c:
1 do, defective, 10@12c; Northern free. 12 l 6fl4c;
do, defective. 10@12c; Humboldt aad Mcndo
cino. 14gl5c per lb.
!-- HOPS— 1904 crop. 25©28e per lb.
Meat Market.
Mutton continues to arrive freely from Ne
vada. Hosts are still easy, with arrivals am
ple. Dairy calves are Arm and are occasion
ally bringing 4c over the top quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 54@7c for Steers and 435c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©Sc; small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7©74c; Ewes, 6©7o
per lb.
LAMB— 8469c P*r lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6©Se ner In.
•LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for rood, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers, 7%©74c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5V>S64c; thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — *g44c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3HS3%c; Ewes. 3©3t;e
D«r lb (gross wejght).
LAMBS — $2 50ig2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 44c: 130 lbs and under. 44c;
over 250 lbs, 44c; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stazs. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. * «2j
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bacs. $5 15©5 25: San Quen
tln. $i 75: Wool* Bags. ae#32c; Fi eece Twine.
71-ic: Fruit Bacs. 64$74c for white and 7o
for brown jute.
COAL — Wellington. $9 ctr ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50:
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 50: Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50S13 per toe In bulk and $15 in sacks;
Reeky Mountain descrictlons, $S SO per short
ton.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels: for cases
add 6c: Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled »nd
55c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. case?, $1 10#l 12: Lucol. 50c for
boiled an.1 4Sc for raw; China Nat, cases.
?i«iSOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels,
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. «5Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whal«
Oil 57c; natural Whal« Oil, 62c: extra winter
sfrain-d Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot OH.
«3c- llKbt Herrlnx Oil, 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c-' Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oi COAL* OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c - Pearl Oil. in cases. 194c: Astral. 194c;
Star. 194c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c: Eo
cene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk.
ltic;in case*. 224c: Benzine, In bulk. 13c; ia
cases. 194c; S6-d«gre* Gasoline, la bulk, 23c;
"tURVENTINE— 81c per gallon la cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITK LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; Whlta Lead. 7%©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote* as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cube" A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 8.25c;
Powdered, U.lOc: Candy Granulated. 6.10c: Dry
Granulated, fine. Cc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
<!c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granu
latfd (i««)-ib bat* only), : Confectioners-
A Cc: Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C. 5.40c: "D." 5.S0c: barrels. 10c mere;
half barrel*. 25c more: boxes. 50c mor*; 50-lb
bags. 10c more far all kinds. Tablets — Half
harr»U. C.Mc: boxes, 6.75c; H. «• E. Crystal
Domin<-« »c r-cr lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or It* equivalent.
' Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 19.
Flour qr sks . . 29.3S4] Ta«ow ctls . . . 5«t
Barley. c;tls .:. .1.223 Leather, roll* .. 175
Oats, ct'.s 2.7r>T>; Hide*. No. .... 674
Beans, sks 1.549: Pelts. No. .... 24.1
Potatoes. «ks .. 7,59.1! Lime, bbls ....-- 548
Onions, sks ... S£9-1| Paper, reams .. 810
r.ran. sks 1.3G0) Wine, gals 9S.X-.0
Hay. tons 97V Quicksilver, flks. in
Straw, tons ... 5' Brandy. *»!* .. 1.500;
Hops, bales ... 1.418! Chicory, bbls .. 50
Wool, bales ... 1341 Sugar, ctla ... 1 000
Esfs... doz 15.fS1!
r\ T> v c f\ x?
Flour, qr «ks . . ' r%,330! Bran, sks . 5 9C2
Wheat, ctls 4.4<W!
WASHINGTON, .
Flour, qr sks .. 16,7441 Feed, sks 375
Whea,t. ctls 1,0151 Oats, ctls 2 127
Bran.' sks ....". 500! Flaxseed. sks... 1050
Shorts. *ks ... 6251
OMAHA, Nebr.. Ser>L '19; — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 6500: market steady to 10c lower. Native
steers, ?4<36; cows and heifers, $2 50@3 75;
WeEtern steers. $3gtt 50; Texas steers, $2 759
3 C5; heifers and ranje cows, $2 25@3 35:
canners, ?1 75?*2 10*'- stockers and feeders
$2 5O@3 75; calves, $C@5 50; bulls, $1 75®
3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. .1000; market fully lOo
higher. Hesvy. $5 (M>35 75: mixed, $5 65@5 70:
light. $.'.7595 90; p4gs. $4 76^5 50; bulk of
Bales, $5 65-S5 80. •- *•
SHEEP — Receipts, 23,000 head: market
steady to easier. Westerns. $3 65@4; wethers,
$3 4O©3 50; ewes, $^^3 50; common and
stockcrs. *2 50#3 75; latnbs, $4 75S5 40.
Miscellaneous Markets.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Sept. 19. — CATTLB—
Receipts. 25,000 head; market lOo to 15c lower
Native steers. $3 75®6 25; natlv* cows and
heifers. $1 5O@3 25; calves, $2 2505 50; West
ern steers, t2Q4 25;. Western cows, $1 50#3 25.
HOGS — Receipts. SOOO head; market 10c to
16c higher. Bulk of sales, (5 7005 80- heavy
$5 70£5 75; pigs and light, $3 6Otj|5 90.
SHEEP - 1 - Receipts. 12, 0C* head ; lambs 10c
lower, sheep steady. Muttons, $3 25@4; lambs
$4$5 40; range wetners, $3 25@3 90; ewes'
?2 50^3 40. ¦ .
Omalja.
Kansas City.
• SHEEP — Receipts, 40, 000. head; sheep, »iow;
lambs. 10c to 25c lower. . Good to choice
weth»rs, 12 6534 21; fair to choice mixed S3 25
©3 50; Western sheep. $2 70®4 25; natl\-e
lambs, $4 25^6; Western lambs, $4@6 50
HOGS — Receipts to-day 19.000 Iwad. to
morrow 20.000 head. Mixed and butchers,
?5 70<5fG 25; good to choice heavy, $5 85® 6 15
rough heavy, |5 4O@5 «5"; light, $5 6066 l>0
bulk of sales. $5 80^5 95. -
CHICAGO, Sept. 19. — CATTLB — Receipts
32.000 head. Including 12, 000 .Westerns; market
5c to 10c lower. Good tb prime steers, $5 50
66 10; poor to me<ija:m;. $4^6 25; stockers and
f«?eder». $2 25®3 85; cows, $1 40®* <J5; heifers
$2@4 75; canners, |l 40S2 10; bulls, $2&4 W
calves, ?3<5« 60; Texas fed steers, $425 50;
Western steers, $3@4 25.
Chicago.
j BATTLE. SHEHEP, AND HOGS. \
, ;Ar.:er Can Co...; J I 4'il 4*i
, Du pfd ; i 1 45* 3 | 46y 4
7i>0 Am Car & F Co.: 22'-ij -J2^\ 1-J!»', 23
100] Do D'.i SIVji blVi fcl S£*»
1.6u.» Am Cotton Oil.. 34 s * j 34 ] 33^ 34
i Do p£4 1 1*0 94
! 'Am List Tel : 'Si j 'M
[Am Kx .....205 ;210
? BCWAm Grass T Co.. 6V, 5*4 5^i| 6
2tK> Am Hide •&. L.. 4^1 -«V* «Vi| 5
4oui Do pfd 19} 3 ; 21 20 j 21
Amice 6i»| tt 1 *
600; Do pfd ...... 2tji4| 2S^i 26Vi| 28?*
Am Linseed ISVsi l*"^s
, Do pfd I | 31 I 35
4, ma), Amer Locomo... 27 1 2C^j| 2f>»i| 27
1001 Do pfd 97U| 97?, 97i 4i 9T%
3uOAm ila'.t *'-*] *u *s, -J'-j
1.400: Do pfd 2O»i| 30 20UI 21
:,*".i,Am S & R Co... «15«J8J C5H «»•¦«; «5»i
600J Do pfd 107*4,107 107 107 V*
3.3W,Ani Sugar \m\ t 1S0H 131 |131Vi
i Do pfd | 132 1140
|Am Tel & T Co. | ....|13S |13»
1.3O0 Am Tob pfd 142^ 142%!142HiH8
JAm Woolen ( 13 14^4
100. Do pfd 824 S2VJ Sl»i S3
«,500:Anaconda 94* 4 92 94>-; 94»i
Ann Arbor 27^, 30
Do pfd 5SH 63'
11.3W A T & S F 82 81>i SIS kl*i
5t*j Do pfd 9» 8SVa 9i^i 9^-s
5.7UO Bait i: Ohio... 89 8& | feSljl hS^«
MMMJ Do pfd 94H 94Hi 94 | 95
." Bay State Gas ( 7-32 %
6,700 B R T 55N 54?i| 55 S 4 56
iBrook Vn Gas 220 224
|Bruns D & I 6*; 7H
IButtertek Co 4S 49%
.Canada South I GbM 65>
l,500Cansdsan Pacific 127 |126T« 127 127^i
5,100 C & 0 43H 42U -4'J"; 43
100|C & A 39 «* 391, s»ij 40
i Do pfd 81 85
'C & E I pfd... 123 14O
C I & L pfd... 1 .." SO W
1.600 C & G W 16»» 16% 16i« 16*4
Do pfd A-. 52 55
lOOi Do pfd B .... 28 20 24»i 28
I Do debs 62% 86
100 C & N W 187 189
14,600;C M & St P 157^4 156% 157 157H
I Do pfd 182 165
11.200C RliP (new) 27«i 27^ 27»4 27*;
6u0i Do pfd 71 Vs 71 7O»4 71
I Do 4s • '. 75Vj 75%
700 Chi Terminal .. 6^ 6% 6^ 64
W»0! Do pfd .. 15 15 15V4 ltT
3>f Chicago Un T... syi 7H 8^4 8U
200' Do pfd 3C 35 36 37
200.C C C & St L.. S0»; S0% 80 60%
Do pfd 109 110
Cleveland L & W 60
t Do pfd j 70
600 Col Fuel & Iron! 35 33*4 34^ 35%
1.10O:col« H C & I I 1314 12V4 12*41 13
12.500|Colo Southern...! 19U 17 19H 1934
2.C00. Do let pfd ..514 50 51U 52
3.7iiO' Do 2d pfd .... 274 24?i 27. 27'4
2.J»00:Con Gas ..'2O4H203 12034,2044
l.OfO'Cbnt T Co pfd.. Jl23 122% 122>i 123
600-Corn Products ..) 14tS 14UI 14H 144
200! Do JJfd I 704 70% -70Vi 704
200 Del £ Hudson. . !167',4 ! lti6%, 1H7H 1674
D L& W I j 281 J2S6
D&GR 28 n»^4
S00 1 Do pfd 81%) 81 82 82U
!De» M & Ft D 24>,i 25
100 Detroit Un R... 664 664 6C4 67
ftti<j Detroit Southern. 5 4»g| . 44 4»i
.0001 Do pfd 8 741 7H 7%
'Diamond Match. .: 130 135
l^OODlrtillinB Sec .. 2S4 28 28U 2«4
!Dis Sec Bonds 73 78
IDuluth SE&A 7% 8
' Do pfd 124 13
17.90O|Erl« 31H 304 31 31%
2.000' Do 1st pfd ...I 674 67 67H 674
800 Do 2d pfd 46 45 45Ti 46
IE & T H 6S CO
Do pfd SO 86
.'General Chemical ..... ..V.. 49 55
I Do pM I ! 05 964
300 General Electric! 1704 *1C94 l©tt 170
!G Northern pfd 170 185
Havana T Co l.. 26 2S
Do pfd S9 41
60f»|Hoc*lnK. Valley . SO 78 SO
300 Do pfd 874 87 86 87
400 111 Central 139 tl384 13*4 KI9
1.200 Inter Paper 17?i 16%! 171; 1734
' Do pfd 75 76
• Inter Power '...•...•..-.. 41 41U
400!Inter Pump .... 304 30V4 3(H4 32'
Do pfd • 76~ 774
Iowa Central 23 234
I Do pfd 42V4 44'
Kan & Mich 84 35
800'K C F S &.M pfd 78 77»4 77% 78
K C Southern 244 25
j Do pfd 464 47
Keokuk & D M 15 17
ILaclede Gas pfd 80 100
L E & Western 32 34
f Do pfd 90 100
100 Long Island 5S 6« 68 59U
l^OOJL &. N I1234U22 [1224 122*;
600!Manhattan '1534 1534 15.1 154
iManhatan Beach! 10- 13
3.100'Metro Securities] 8O4 794 80*4 80%
e,100;Metro St Ry ..122 121 «, 1214 121%
3.700 Mexican Central 14 13*i 13%i 14
."Minn & St L ..- M 5S
J Do 1st pfd 95 9S
200M St PAS S M 73% 72% 73& 73%
J Do pfd 12» 130'
2,10O.Mo Kans & Tex 24H 24»i 24*4 21U
~1.6T0l Do pfd 47T4 474 47%! 4<s'
9.500JMO Pacifis 9SU 974 97%| 97%
8,5<!O'Xa*h Chat&St L 120 tl2 < >
, 600 : National Lead ..I 244 23% 24 | 24«i
400 Do pfd 964 96 9541 97'
100 N RR of M pfd 394 39fi 3»4 40
..'. INational Biscuit 474 '48
Do pfd 109 109%
300, New Jersey Cent ISO ISO 179 180
IN Y Air Brak* 235 240
1.400: N Y Central 127% 126% 12*54 126%
IN Y C & St L 29 81%
Do 1st pfd ., 105
Do 2d pfd C64 68H
NY Dock.... 10 18
NYNH&H 190 2004
1.9WN Y Ont & W. 33% 82% 32% 33'
L«>0 Norfolk & West. 69 684 69 C9H
Do pfd 894 91
North American , 91 93
North Securities IO814 iai«4
Omaha 1024 102%
n Do pfd 1S5
O 8 L 4a 9<jr' 9<jt£
<00Paclflo Coaet ..63 M 64 6«
Do 1st pfd ....\ f>5 105
Do 2d pfd 744 75U
400'Pscifle Mail ... 32% 82% 314 32w
44.400.Penn R R Co . 131 4 130% 1SO«; jl.ws;
2O0:Pecple's Gas .. 102% 1O2J-4 102«4il024
Pere Marquette 75 80
P C C & St L 69 72
* Do pfd 103 106
2OO'Pr*s*ed Steel Car S3H 32% 32W-S4
•••••"••'I.J?? pf<s^-"-A; •• TO 80
....... IPulIman Car Co 218 *»19
' 7OO 1 R^. S K 00 "•••• 24 ai * 2*
... Do pfd 784 '80
tl.OOOlReadlng- 6fi« «sm 65«i 66
SS2! S? IV P 5f •• * 5^ 85% P54 8S94
800 Do 2d pfd .. 7« 76 76 77H
1.500 Republlp S St I. S% 84 «U < g»?
200r Do pfd........ 434 434 43 43%
1,500'Rubber Goods .. 19% 19 19- ifliZ
'...' -Do pfd.... 81 82
SJoss S S & I Co 39% 40 •
...•:... Do pfd 8S 8fl
.-.;.... St J O tc I 15' 17
..:.... Do lit pfd ....„...'... 46' A 48
Do 2,1 pM .-.. 244 26
... SLASFlstpfd 72 74%
COO Do 2d pf d 59% 59% 59% 60
3.300 St. L&SW 21% 21 21 21%
2.WXVI Do pfd 44% -<\K 44 45
ir,,cno!Rmithern Pacific. J 66 . 55% B5W, ftr.%
- 17.100'Southern Ry •..-. S3 32K( .12%1 32%
700! Do pfd .... 98 95*4) fi5tt|.».1%
Istandard Oil 644 1645
2.100'Ptand R & T .. 24 . 14 1% 2
, 2.000'Tenn Coal A Iron 484 47% ** 4S%
ITPLTCo 30 S5
3.700'Texas Pacific 31% 30% 31% 31%,
IThlnl Avenu* 124 112(14
iTol Ry & T Co.. ..... . 20UJ 214
1.1W-TM. Et L &' W..t W-j 82 ."«% 324
l.nooi • Do- pfd 53" 51% M% 524
¦Mfltwln- City R T. 974! 87 ? I 97% :07%
2.CCOIU B & PCo.:..U 8 I 8 { 7 I *
.1. Do-pfd. ;:-:.;. t,.v..l I «4 CS
SO.rxn'Urlrn Pacific. ..IBS 07 - ! f»7Hf 97%
200! T>p nfd. ....;¦.:! 93' I P3 I J»14I 934,
..*.'/;. .IP P Conv 4s-.t-.'..t.'.;.\!.:..,ll04%tl0«%
'VVtwl roni>«r;.-«j. ;..!." ! «^ ! :8
........iU Rd« of S F...!.* I. ....I 1.1 1-14%
I Do pfd .1 [.....I 5*?»i] 57
..!.:..* Po 4s.;....-...)..-...!...-..l R43il K> '
.......JU 8 C I.P......I.....I \ 10:1 1014
±L':!}Li:ty or the markets.
II aU-,ctrect slocks weak. Lotion higher.
Lozat securities quid, ztith sugar stocks easy.
Silver slightly higher.' Continental Exchange- ?vca1:cr.
II' heal quiet, with lower futures. Barley steady.
X<j change in Oats. Corn or Rye.
Corn crops estimate sharply cut ddzvh by one authority.
Large receipts of Hay and Bran, but prices unchanged.
Beans and seeds quiet and featureless.
Potatoes and Onions in large supply and the former zveak.
Poultry in active demand and firm, and Game higher.
Frttit market quiet and devoid of feature.
Frozision market unchanged in ell positions.
Hops very firm, here. and in New York.
Mutton coining in freely from Xrjada. Hags easy.
Sanios cables report Coffee f loitering badly.
! Do pfd J I I 06%! 57 '
... ill t: Express | tj 110 |121
7,6O0iU S Leather. .'...'. 1)%, !»y,| aaji i}\U ¦
1,0001 Do pfd 87 8flVr86% S7 " '.
.......jU S Realty & C 27 2S
Do pfd...: 62%| 5.1
2<.'0|U S Rubber 20 20^ I 1U% 20
300] Do pi J 74 74 74 74>i
4SU0O;L T S i-ieel Cor... \7% 17 *17 I .ij 'l'%
tr-i.901). Do pfd 6S 67^4 67%l f.
l.COOjVa-Car Chem Col 30% 35 " 85V 35%
700 Do pfd |1OS% 1CS% 10,V% 10S%
Wabash 21 21%
3.700 Do pfd 41% 41%» 41*,i ili* !
Do deb Bs 65%! €0 !
Wells-Farsro Ex. | 2tS5 |215
600i\Vestern Union.. 91*4| 91% «1%! ,U2
IWestinghouse luiu \f:;
] Do pfd 182 "1200
1W&LE-... 17% IS
I Do 1st pfd 45 4tt
I Do 2d pfd 1 24 24%'
000; Wisconsin Cent. 19<V; 19«6 10U] l'J*j
SCOi Do jiM 43?« 4S% 43%f'43£
ISoutfiem Pac pfU |..... 113^1114
543,100 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. rcg...l01?i! L & N unified 4s.l00*i
Do coupon 104:^,1 Man eon .gold 4s.UH>Vj
Do 3s r«g 105HiMexican Cen 4s.. 65
Do coupon 1O5U1 Do 1st inc..:.. 16»i
Do new 4s. reg.l31*«| Minn & St L 4s. 85V4
Do coupon 131?«|M K & T 4s.... 100
Do old 4s, reg.lO6'il T>o 2ds 80%
Do coupon lC7ii!N*tl R Mex con 4s 77^
Atchieon gen 4s.. 103% IN Y Cen gen S'is.lOO^i
Do adj 4s 95'giN J Cen gen 5s.. 133%
Atlantic C L 4s. 97»il Northern Pac 4s..lO4»i
BaJt & Ohio 4s.. 103% Do 3s 74
Do 3%s 95% N & W con 4s.. 102
Central of Ga 6s. Ill OSL 4s and partlc 96*4
Do '1st inc 85*4! Penn conv 3%s.. 09%
Ches & Ohio 4%. si 05% Reading gen 4s. .100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 79y 4 |StL & IM con 6s. 117'*
C. B & Q new 4s. 97 StL & SF fg 4s.. S5?i
C.M&StP gen 4s. 109 | St L S W lets.. 9S
C & N W con 7s. 12SH I Seaboard A L 4s.. 82%
C.RI&P R R 4s. 75%| Southern Pac 4S.. 93»i
1 Do col 5s S7%| Southern Ry 5s.. .117%
C.C.C&SL gen 4s.l01?4l Texas & Pac Ists. 119^4
CW Terminal 4s. 75% IT. St L & W 4s.. 81 V«
! Con Tobacco 4s.. 73%! Union Pacfllc 4s.. 104%
I Colo & South 4s.. S5H! Do conv 4s 10."&«
! C F & I con 5s.. 75%! U S Steel 2d 5s.. 81*i
i Den & Rio G 4s.. 101 (Wabash lsts 117*,
j Erie prior Hen 4s 9»%l Do deb B 65
Do gen 4s..... 87% Wheel & L E 4s. 89%
FtW & D C lste.lOS Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90
j Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 40| Little Chief 05
Alice 20 Ontario ............3 50
Breece 16lOphlr.. ...2 15
Brunswick Con... 121 Phoenix ..' 17
ComMock Tunnel. 10) Potosl ;i 09
Con Cal & Va 1 05 i Savage ....' 15
Horn Silver 1 531 Sierra Nevada 30
Iron Silver 1 351 Small Hopes 25
Leadville Con 02fStandard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Moneys — |U S Steel 17*i
Call loans 2%#3M| Do pfd K,s'
Time loans 4g5j Wesfhouse Com.. 81
Bonds— I Mining—
Atchison Adj 4s.. 93 I Adventure 2*i
Do 4s :...101»i AUou« 12
Mexican Cen 4s.. 64% Amalgamted 59
Railroads — •• Amer Z!no....... 11T4
Atchison 81% Atlantic 12»;
Do pfd 9S% Blngham 26»i
Boston & Albany. 250 Calumet & Hecla.515
Boston & Maine.. 1C3 Centennial 27
3oston Elevated.. 154 Copper Range.... 5T"%
Fitchburg pfd 136 Daly West 13«
Mexican Central.. 1-1% Dominion Coal... 67%
N Y. N H & H.. 191% Franklin 8%
Pere Marquette.. 74 Grancy 254
Union Pacific 97*4 Isle Royale 18
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining AM.
Am Arge Chem.. 14% Michigan 6»i
Do pfd 81 Mohawk 4a'
Am Pneu Tube.. 5 Mont Coal * Coke 5 '
Am Sugar 130?4|Old Dominion 14%
Do pfd 132 Osceola
Am Te! St Tel. .139 IParrot 24U
Am Woolen 13%lQuincy &*»'
Do pfd 82%!Shannon 3^
Dominion I & S.: 11 (Tamarack 117
Ed Elec nium..255 Trinity fli£
Genera] Electric. 169 tu S Mining 19%
Ma5s Electric 12U1USO11 nit.
Do pfd 60 [Utah 40U
Mass Gas 42'i'Vletoria 414
United Fruit 103 [Wlnona ft
United Shoe Mach 52%! Wolverine 68
Do pfd 30% 1
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 19.— To-day's' state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $149,593,113; gold, $59 505 -
3C6.
New York Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK. Sept. 19. — Cotton futures closed
very steady. September, 10.C2c; October, 10.41c;
November, 10.43c; December, 10.46c: January'
10.47c; Ffbruary, 10.51c; March, 10.56c; April
10-CSc; May. 10.60c.
Spot cotton closed steady. Middling. uplands.
10.90c; middling gulf. 11.15c. Sales, 100 bales.
New Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS. Sept. 19.— Cotton was firm-
Middling. 10 7-16c. '¦
New York Qrain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16.400 barrels; exports, 6000 barrels; market
dull and unsettled.
WHEAT— Receipts. ; sales. 4,700.000 fu
tures; spot easy: No. 2 red. $1*13% f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 12% f. o.'b.
afloat; No. 2 hard Manitoba, f. o. b. afloat;
Wheat was Irregular to-day. Opening firmer
on cold weather news, it broke under big
northwest receipts, rallying on the corn
strength and new buying, and finally' col
lapsed under heavy unloading, with the close
l^«»l%o net lower. May, $1 10T4&1 13%
closed $1 11; September, $1 13@1 15%, closed
$1 13: December, $1 11%-Sl 14. closed $1 11 14.
HOPJj — Firm; State, common to choice, 1904
29^«Gc; 1U03. 27©35c; olds. 10c; Pacific Coast'
1904 crop, 27@32c; 1903. 20@31c; olds, 10®15c
HIDES— Steady. "«¦*««..
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Steady: No. 7 Invoice.' 8»»e; mild
qutet. The market for coffee futures opened
steady at an advance of 5 points, in response i
to continued reports of damage to the second
flowering and a rally in the French cables. !
Later it continued firm, showing at one time a
net gain of about 10$ 15 points on covering, but I
later offerings became heavier and the market •
saf^cd off and closed barely steady at un
changed prices to a decline of 5 points. Sales
were reported of 46.600 bags. Including De
cember at 6.85@7c; March. 7.2O#7.30c; May
7.40<g7.50c, and July. 7.55^7.650.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 8%e:
centrifugal, 99 test. 3 9- 16c; molasses sugar
S%c; r*flned, steady.
BUTTER — Stronr; street prices. '"' extra
creamery. 19®19*4c; official • price, creamery
common to extra, 13919%c; State dairy, com
mon to extra. 9#18%c
CHEBSD— Firm.
EGGS— Firm; Western fancy selected, 223
22%c; average best. 21C21 %c.
DRIED FRUITS. --
EVAPORATED APPLES — The . market is
quiet and easy In tone, reflecting th« free
off erlnss of futures. Common ar» . quoted at
465c; prime. 5}485%c; choice, 5%@6c; fancy
6%®7c
PRUNES— Remain easy In eplte of the lower
prices, with buyers showing no disposition to
anticipate needs; spot quotations range from
2c to 6%c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Show firmness, buyers being
disposed to operate moderately at present quo
tations. Choice are quoted at 9%01Oo. extra
choice, 10%®10%c; fancy. ll©13c.
PEACHES — Are In light supply and firm
with choice held at 8>,4@3%c; extra, choice,
8%0©c; fancy. 9%fl0c. , _•-.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. S«pt. 18. — The London tin
market scored another good advance,- closing
at £128 7s 6d for anot and £128 15s for'fu
tures. Locally prices ruled firm and higher,
though demand • was light at the advance
fi-ot is quoted at $27 95@28.
CopDtr also was higher In London, closing
at £58 6s for spot and futures. Locally prices
showed a hardening tendency, with lake quoted
at $12 82%©13; electrolytic at $12 5O&12 75
and casting at $12 37%@12 50. .
Lead closed at £11 13s 3d In London and
was also unchanged In the local market at
$4 2034 30. - ,
Spelter was unchanged at £22 10s In- London
and at J5 10©5 20 . in the New York market.
Iron closed at 50s Sd In Glasgow and at 43s
%d in Mlddlesboro.
Locally iron was unchanged. No.' 1 North
ern Is quoted at $13 75® 14 25; No. 2 foundry
Northern at $13 25013 75; * No. : 1 foundry
Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern «of t at
$13 5osi8 n.: '- .
Visible Grain Supply.- .¦: '
NEW. YORK. Sept. 19. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday. Sept. 17. as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange was as fol
lowa: Wheat 4.010. 000. bushels, increase 7»3.
000 bushels; corn 5.545.000 bushels, increase
901,000 bushels;, oata 15,181.000 bushela. In
crease 3.347.000 bushels; rye 2,2SS,000 buahels.
Increase- B4.000 bushels: barley 2,193,000 bush
els- Increase 1.104.000 bushela, . - ' - 1
I CHICAGO, S«pt. 19.— In spite of a number
! of bear* influences a -flrm feeling prevailed
in the \vheat market at the opening, the De
j ceniber option being up /a shade to %c at
< $1 (Wi to.*l 09%«l <i>%. May was up %0
iAc to Kttttc at $1 11% to $1 lisj. The ,
•initial .firmness was due mainly to a good de
j mand from traders who had sold short the
pearly part of last .week. 'There wa« also fair
j buying by commission bouses on reports of
unfavorable weather., in the Canadian North
west.-' The first of the news at hand, how
ever, was" largely in favor of j the J bear ele
ment. Cables were lower. World's shipments
were much heavier than for the correspond
ing day last week or a year ago.
¦¦ Receipts ' in the Northwest continued to
show a marked Increase and this fact-, fur
nished the principal motive for the heavy
I selling that developed. Liberal sales -of long
j wheat started prices on the down grade and
i the expectation of stop loss orders accelerated
the decline. On the break December sold oft
to $1 0S% and May to $1 10%. Toward the
middle of the session the market again became
strong, cold, wet weather In Manitoba bring
ing out -a good demand from some of the big
! commission houses. On the rally December
ladvancad to $1 IOVj and May. to $1 12»i@l 12%.
I Renewed profit taking, however, resulted in
i another reaction. A fair Increase in the
visible supply and larger primary receipts
, at points elsewhere than the Northwest had a
; weakening effect. ¦ • •
I With extreme weakness manifested at Minne
• apolis the market here became 'decidedly
] .heavy. December selling off to $1 07%, clos
ing at $1 07T»@l OS. a net decline of • l%c.
May sold to $1 09% and closed at $1 09%@
110, a loss of l}»c. • A ......
A sharp bulge in corn prices occurred as
a result of a report of a Minneapolis crop ex
• pert claiming the total yield would fall short
! of the Government estimate by 300,000.000
i bushels, the smallest harvested in seven years.
The market became decidedly weak late in
the session, the- close being at 49« 8 @49?4c for
December,.* loss of Mfffcc.
Steadily Increasing supplies were a depress
! lug Influence in the oat market. December
.closed 34c lower at 32Hc
I . The fact that hog receipts have not Increased
to any great extent since the settlement of the
| etrilce at the slock . yards, caused strengthon
i ing of the provisions market. At the close
j January pork was up 7%c, lard was .19 10c
1 and ribs gained 2%c. ; 4
; The leadlns futures ranged as folloir»l
1 Articles — O?en. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
! Sept.. old ... 1 0S"£ • 1 11 1 08% 1 08%
! Sept, new . . 1 07 1 OS^i 1 05% 1 05%
j December ... 1 00% 1 10% 1 07% 1 08
(May 111% 112% 109% 110
I Corn No. 2 —
j September .. 51% 51% 60»i 60*;
December .. 50% 51U. 49% 43%
iMay 49*i 50& 49% 49',i
i Oats No. 2 —
i September .. 31*4 3H4 31 31
1 December .. .Tjs« 32-* 32% 32%
;May SZh 35% 34% 34H
1 Mess Pork, per bbl —
'October 1# S5 . -10 90 10 72% 10 75
January 12 72% 12 80 12 72% 12 75
Lard, per 100 Ins—
October 6 95 7 05 6 92% * 7 02%
January .... 7 12% T 17% 7 07% 7 12%
Short Ribs, r»er 100 lbe —
October 7 25 7 40 7 20 7 35
January .6 65 G 70 6 62% 6 65
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. S*pt. 19.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady. No. 2 spring
' wheat. $1 16; No. 3, $1 05@l 15: No. 2 red,
j $1 1001 12%: No. 2 corn. 61c; No. 2 yellow.
52U©54c; No. 2 oats, 31c; No. 2 white, 33V t Q
33%c; No. 3 white. 32833c; No. 2 rye, 73c;
good feeding barley, 35fi37c; fair to choice
malting, 44@52c; No. 1 naxseed. $1 16; No. 1
North western, $1 24; prime Timothy seed.
$2 70: mess pork, per bbl.. $10 80@10 90; lard,
per 100 lbs.. $7(39; short ribs sides -(loose).
$7 37%®7 62%; «hort clear sides (boxed). $8 25
©S 50; whisky, basis of hiirh wines, $1 28;
clover, contract (trade. $11 50^11 t>0.
Articles — . • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ., 15,300 74,000
Wheat, bushels ...170,000 161,000
Corn, bushels 532,800 1,042,300
Oats, bushels 403,100 S9.900
Rye. bushels 11.300 5,000
Barley, bushels 158,600 5,500
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Sept. 19.— On . the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14©lS%e: dairies, 12%*?lSc; eggs,
firm at mark, cases Included, -14®17'-ic; firsts.
17<?17-%c; prime first, l£%c; cheese, firm, 8
-ELGIN. 111., Sept. 18.— BUTTER— Firm at
. 19%c, an advance of %#lc over last week.
Sales for the week. 697,300 pounds.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Gliicago Board of Trade.
week were as follows. In quarters: Russian,
647,000; Danubian. 2S.O0O: Argentine. 78,000;
Indian,- 234,000; Australian. 00.000,
Chicago was very irregular, rising from
$1 09% to $1 10%. falling back to $1 01% and
closing at * 1 08. The wires of E. F. Hutton
6 Co. said:
"It .was an active market. .It showed con
siderable strength early, but on the large
primary receipts and poor cash markets it
turned weak. .The closing was .heavy. The
operative conditions are wholly domestic. The
movement in the Northwest promises to te
free and is still free in the Southwest mar
kets. Demand Is dependent on' millers, ard
the relative flour and wheat prices are not
wholly satisfactory. It will continue to be a
scalping market 1 and there i* enough bullish
sentiment to bring about rallies from sharp
breaks. It will take a pretty good milling de
mand, with the free movement- to bring about
a sustained advance."
In this market tra4e was quiet, owing large
ly to the Jewish holiday, and futures de
clined 2c on the morning session. The cash
grain was firm and unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40®l 50; California White
Australian, $1 55«31 62>4; Northern Club. $140
Ql 50; Northern Bluestem. ,$1 iJT^ft 1 62*j per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Seealon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
. Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$150^ $1 50& $149% $149%
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 49%.
BARLEY — There was nothing new to re
port, either in the cash grain or futures.
Trade was quiet. .
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, |1 05@l 10: new Brewing- and Ship
ping, $1 12%©1 17 H; Chevalier. $1 17tf©l 30
per ctl. '¦
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December — No sales; $110 asked. *
. • 2 p. m. Session.
Open, High. Low. Close.
December . .$1 09ft $1 10 $1 09?* *1 10
OATS — Receipts were large amounting to
11,300 ctls. The market continued In good
«onditlon for sellers, with rather more- steadi
ness reported in Black.
CORN— rThe local situation Is unchanged.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
said of that market: "The event or the day
was Jones' estimate of 1.900,000,000 bushels
for the crop. This brought about an improve
ment of a cent. The trade, however was not
.disposed to accept this estimate and the mar
ket turned weak and more than lost the ad
vance. Cash prices were steady. The weather
In the corn belt is fairly favorable, but lower
temperatures are predicted In the Northwest.
There were a good many favorable reports
from private sources and the prevailing senti
ment is bearish."
White. $1 37%®1 47%; Surprise. $1 60^1 60-
Red. U 22H&1 42% for feed and , $1 37%»
1 47% for seed; Black. »1 80«l 35 for feed and
$1 60@l 65 for seed.
Western sacked, $1 41%@1 43 for Yellow,
$1 47%©1 50 for White and $1 37%01 40 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 50; small
round do. f 1 55@1 62%; White, nominal; Egyp
tian, $1 35@1 45 for White and $1 25Q1 SO for
Brown. . .
RYE— $1 85®1 40 per ctl. !
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SOft
8 10, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 70® 3;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S534 S3
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In package* are as
follows: Graham FJour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
|3 60©« 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 CO; Rolled Oats, bbls, $8 50@7 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 60; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay were large again. Including
07 cars. The market showed no change
worthy of note. Arrivals of Bran were also
large, including 6302 packs from the north, but
there was no further decline. •
BRAN— $20©21 per ton.
..MIDDLINGS— 424S2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20^21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23©23 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50<532 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22^23: Corn
Meal, $30 60031 60; Cracked Corn. $31632.
Mixed Feed. $22322 60; Horse Beans, $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $$312 50, with $13Q>13 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $SS11; Oat. $7 50®
10 50; Barley and Oat. $7@-9; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $0 6038 50; stable. $"©8 50; stock. $ti©7;
Clover. $7 50-23 30;. Alfalfa. *7@10 5O per ton.
STRAW— 35g57.%c, per bale. . . .,
Beans and Seeds.
A shipment of rather dirty new Bayos eold
at $2 27% per ctl.. Otherwise there was noth
ing new in Beans. The new crop is- coming
forward slowly.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 25@2 50; Pea. 3(g3 25;
Butters. $2 75@3; small White. $2 0i>Q3 10;
large White, $2 25^2 40; Pink. $2 75@3 25;
Red, $4; Lima. $3 03@4; Red Kidneys. $1 25;
HJackeycs. $2 40@2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$2 25.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. -$3 25: Flax. $1 00®2 25; Canary, 6%
©7c: Alfalfa,- 15@15%c; Rape. 1%©2%c; Timo
thy. BKc; Hemp. 3li@3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
©3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20®21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — NUes. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas, $2&2 23 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions'and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes from the river districts
were heavy over Sunday and the market- con- ,
tloued weak, as local 'wants were light and
there was no demand from outside points.
Three cars of Merced Sweet Potatoes were
marketed and met with a good demand at the
previously quoted rates. Onions were In free ;
supply and quiet at unchanged prices.
Aside from" some slight Improvement in
I prices of Green Corn and Peppers, there was
nothing new to report In miscellaneous vege
: tables. ' Tomatoes were still a glut on the
I market, fresh receipts being very heavy and
th* carry- over from Saturday large.
POTATOES— Burbanka from the river, 50©
75c pei ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles, 756S5c;
Sweet Potatoes. $ligl 25 per ctl. -
ONIONS— $1(^1 20 per ctl. .
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@$l 25 per
sack or crate;- String Beans. lUR2c per lb:
Wax Beans. l%@2V4c per lb; Lima Beans, 2%@ :
SUc per lb; Tomatoes, 15@o0c per box; Summer ¦
Squash. 2S@35c per box: Cabbage, 75c per ctl;
Carrots, 75c Der sack; Cucumbers, 25ijhl0e per
box: Pickle Cucumbers, 50c® $1 23 per box; Gar
lic. 4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 25@40c per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra. -30©40c
per box; Green Peppers, 25Q£0c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
roultry opened the week with the market |
active and llrni. as Iradlng retailers were !
stocking • up in anticipation of an increased I
demand during the Odd Fellows' Encampment i
and trade on local account was of fair volume.
Three cars of Western were received and
were readily marketed at good prices. Game
was in good request and prices were higher
all around. .
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, Ilgl.'c per
lb for Gobblers and lC.'ilfk- for Hene; young
Turkeys. 20©22c per lb; Geese, p«r pair. 81 50
@1 75: Go*llngs, $1 7562; Ducks. U64 5o per
Hens, $4 50@5 for small and $5 5O6G for
large; young Roosters. $5 50^6: old Roosters,
$J&4 50; Fryers. $4^4 50: Broilers. ?2 50©3 50;
Pieeons. $1 25 per dozen fur old and $1 50Jj
1 75 for.faqnabs.
GAME— Wild Doves, $1 per dozen: Hare.
$1 5C@1 75 per dozen; Rabbits. $2$ 2 25 per
dozen for Cottontail and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The w£ek" opened with Butter and Eggs
both flrm, with a further slight advance, es
l«.-cially In the upper grades. There Is now
a wide gap- between fine creamery Butter and
the lower grades, as the latter come Into
competition with Eastern and cold storage
goods, which the public are running- on largely
at present. There are some very flue Minne
sota -Egg's on the market at present, a"s al
ready' mentioned, and these are also meeting;
with an 1 excellent demand.
There Is nothing new in Cheese.
Receipts were 43.100 lbs Butter. MS cases
Eggs and 7400 lbs Cheese. > . ,
BUTTER — Creamery at flret hands. 2S9293
for extras and 2C@27c for first!" : dairy. 21@>
24c; cold -storage. 24c: store Butter. 13@20c;
Eastern creamery. 21Vj@23c; Eastern ladle
packed. lC©17c per lb. ...
, CHEESE— 8@Wc for choice mild new and
£<3&',a« f or lower srades; Young Americas,
10%SHc; Oregon, SgD',£c; Eastern, 10313c j
per lb.
,EGGS — Ranch. 27©3So for large white se
lected. 36c for choice and 32%'gH5o for com
mor.; cold storage "7<i2So: store, nominal;
Eastern. 25S2SC for firsts, 21&22o for seconds
and 2O@21c for bakers'.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Aside from some little activity at the open
ins, trade in the fruit market was quiet and
prices sliowed but little change from Satur
day's rlosliur quotations. Fresh arrivals of
tsblo. Grapes were comparatively light, but
there wcre-larse lines of carried over stock on
hand and : prices v.-cre genarally - weak. The
demand for^Wlnc Grapes showed considerable
Improvement, and a carload o5 fancy Martinez
stock met with prompt sale at $21 per ton.
Cpmmon offerings from Fresno and Lodl
moved off fairly at ?l2j?18.per ton. Berries !
were hard to st-11, as the demand was limitfd
and .the light receipts proved excesslyeJ ¦ Ap
ples were decidedly weaker, with ctocks'neavy
.and steadily accumulating. Melons and Cit
rus fruits = were steady, owing to the warmer
weather, -and -the market for « the former, was
gradually^ workins Into shape. A" small 'con
signment of Persimmons' was received and -was
offertd'-at %$l'25>-per box.'' Twenty-five: boxes
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SFPTEMBER 20. 1904.
LOCAL .MARKETS.
STOCK* 3IABKET.
Continued on Pup Twcim
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
ia fe
150 Horses for Sale
By order of G. H. MEISS of Montague. Cal..
I will aell 150 HORSES at PUBLIC AUCTION.
This ronsignictnt consists of a lot of well-bred
Geldings, Mares, Yearlings and Golls
Sale takes p!ac« on
TO-MOHROW.
WEDNESDAY, September 21, at ii a. m.
At J. B. HORAN'S SALE YARD,
Corner Tenth and Bryant sts.
Horse* can be seen at yards any day previous
to sale.
8. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
SALEfe
OF
High-Glass Trotting and Standard Bred
Stallions, Fillies and Geldings
From th* World Renowned
OAKWOOD PARK STOCK FARM,
Danville. Cal.
(Joha F. Boyd, Proprietor.)
TO BE SOLD
Monday Evening, September 26, 1904
«. At 7:45 p. ra..
At Salesyard, 1732 Market Street,
Ocra»r Van Ness ava.. Saa Francisco.
Horses at yard Saturday. September 21. 190t>
FRED H. CHASE tt CO..
Ltv* Stock Auctioneer*.
(Successor* to Kilip & Co.)
Bend for Catalogues. '
fe fe* £»
By ordtr of C Weber of Hanford I will sell
one carload of ALL PURPOSED HORSES:
also assortment ef Rubber-Tired - Buggies,
Wagon* and Surrey*. ; at 1140 FOL3OH ST..
TUESDAY. Sept. 20. at 11 o'clock. '
£>
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE H0RS8
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY.
September 21, at 11 a- m. 50 HORSES of
Standard Drayaire and Transfer Company.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Fischer's.
First nighters at Fischer's think
that the joke Is on the San Francisco
Fire Department. When a bevy of
With the bedclothes from his own bed burn
inr about him. Harry Left, a tailor at 447
Eartlett street, early yesterday morning rushed
through the house, rousing his seven little
children from Impending death by flre. The
fire is supposed to have been caused by gas
ercaulnr from a gas stove which had been
used by Left in his business. The escaping
vapor communicated with a gas jet left burn
ine at the head of his bed. The explosion
that followed woke him In time to find the
bedclothes burning. By the time he roused
the family out of bed the entire place waa
on fire and the building was almost destroyed.
Family Has Narrow Escape.
Odd Fellow cards In great rarlety at Edward
Knowles Company, 24 Second st- •
P. B. Cornwall, the pioneer milllonalr*. is
dangerously ill. Little hope is entertained
for his recovery, as he is gradually sinking.
He Is 84 years old. Arthur W. Cornwall, his
eldest son. was on a business trip to Trinity
County, but was hurriedly sent for and is now
at his father's bedside, along with the strick
en man's wife, two daughters and youngest
son Bruce.
Pioneer's Life Closing.
PERSONAL-.
N. H. Leggett, a merchant of Tular*. Is at
the Grand.
R. H. Smith, an oil man of Cballnga. la at
the Grand.
Dr. H. Winkler of Germany Is staying at
tha Palace.
T. Hamilton Sawyer of Rio d« Janeiro is
at the Palace.
F. W. Ogilvie. a mining man of Mexico, is
at the PaUce.
J. Allen Veatch. a mining man of Napa. is
at the Occidental.
Congressman T. A. Bell of Napa registered
yesterday at the Grand.
H. M. Trueblood of the Coast Geodetic Sur
vey Is at the Occidental. •
James D. Schnyler. a lumberman of Los
Angeles, Is at the Palace.
A. Underwood, secretary to Senator Clark
of Montana, Is at the Palace.
J. H. Costello, a wealthy iron merchant of
Buffalo, is at the St. Francis.
Frank H. Buck, a fruit shipper of Vaca
vllle, is registered at the Palace.
J. B Cleveland, a wealthy resident of New
York, and wife are at the Palace.
John Klernan. a rich salmon packer of Port
land, and fcis daughter are at the Palace.
J. E. Hamburger, a capitalist and mining
man of Salt Lake City, is at the St. Francis.
J N. Redfern of Chicago and J. S. Tucker
and' wife of Colorado Springs are at the Palace.
M. B. Qulgg, who Is engaged In the electri
cal business in Monterey, is registered at the
Grand.
William D. May, a prominent merchant of
New York, and his family are registered at the
Palace.
J. E. Stubbs. president of the Nevada. Stats
University, is down from Reno and staying at
the Palace.
Daniel McFarland of Lo« Angeles, who Is
engaged In mining In Mexico, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
Manager Agler of the Southern Pacific Com
pany left yesterday on a tour of inspection
of the company's lines.
George E. PHlsbury. chief engineer of the
Huntington-Hellman syndicate railroads in
Southern California, is at the Palace.
John Rosene, at the head of the Russian-
American concern which la developing valuable
concessions on the coast of Siberia. Is at the
Palace.
1 G Francotte of Brussels. Belgian Minister
of Commerce and Labor, who Is making a tour
of American cities for the purpose of studying
their conditions, arrived yesterday at the Pal
ace.
Jihel Nishlmura of Kioto, who has Juit re-
Mgned the position of acting president of the
Japanese Exhibitors" Association at thw St.
Louis Exposition, arrived at the St. Francis
yesterday, en route to the Orient.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the St. Fran
cis were Mr. and Mrs. Llvincston Beekman
and Braddlsh Johnston of Newport, R. I..
members of prominent Eastern families, who
will depart to-day for the Orient on a tour
around the world.
Rear Admiral C. D. Train, accompanied by
his flas officer. Lieutenant Roger Wells, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday. They are on
their way to the Orient, where Rear Admiral
Train has been assigned to the command of the
Philippine division of the Asiatic squadron.
Agnes G. Murphy, who Is making a two
years' trip around the. world, has been elected
to the honorary membership of the Geographi
cal Society of California. Miss Murphy, who
Is a member of the Council of the Society of
Women Journalists, London, is the only woman
on whom this honor has ever been conferred
and she shares It with such distinguished for
eigners as H. R. H. Prince Louis of Savoy,
the Crown Prince of Slam, the Premier of
New Zealand, the Governor of New South
Wales Lord Charles Beresford. Prince Roland
Napoleon Bonaparte and the Earl of Car
narvon.
Californlans hi New York.
' NEW YORK. Sept. 10. — From San Fran-
I cisco— Mrs. E. Baker, at the Grand; Miss A.
I Bcndel. L>. Bendel_ and wlf«. at the Union
¦ Square; J. E. Brltt! at th« Hotel Bartholdi; J.
| ,\v. Brooks, at the Imperial: J. Brown, at the
( Hotel Victoria; X. I. . Carr. at the Sinclair
: House; C. A. Day. at the Hotel Savoy; D.
• Einstein, at the Herald Square; P. J. Faulkner,
i at the Grand Union; J. L. E. Forman, at the
i Sinclair: T. A. Giireather. at the Vendome;
Mrs. O. Herald, at the Victoria; P. W. Hills.
! at the Hotel Imperial; E. S. Howard and
; wife, at the Cosmopolitan; Mrs. J. Lengford.
1 at the Wellington: E. M. Llnd. at the Grand
i Hotel; E Lunenberger "and wife, at the Hotel
Astor; H'. A. Mulcroy, at the Union Square;,
' Mrs. O. D. Pierce, at the Herald Square; Ml»s i
j Rapp at th* Hotel Imperial: W. M. .Rogers,
at the Astor House; F. C. Sweeny, at the Sin
' clalr House: G. 1. Taylor and wife, at the
i Herald Square; Mrs. Howell. at the Navarre;
i K. C. Law?. Union Square; J. A. Levenberjer
I and , wife, at the Herald . Square: Miss Sel
1 fridge. Mrs. E. A. Selfridge. at the Park
• Avenue; E. Vorwlnckel, at the Holland. ;
I From San Diego— E. O. Hodge, at the Me
i torla. ;¦%;:•' ". ¦ '
From San Jose— D. Palmer, at the Gllsey.
!' From Santa Clara— J. O" Brien, at the Bel
! From Los Angeles— D: Alth'ouse and wife. HJ
' E. Andrews. Miss.C. Apahla»s, Miss H. Baker.
j Miss B. Baker, at the Victoria: A. B Bart
' lett, at the Holland. House: C. L. Batchelder,
C Baum Mrs. M A. Bedford. Mls» M. T.
Brnnett 'at the Victoria; Mrs. B. L. Blades,
at the Herald Square; O. Booth. Mrs F.
i Booth " D W. Carlton, Miss L. M. Carlton.
, Mrs "L H. Carlton. at the Victoria; Mrs. W.
S Caswell Miss Caswell, at ; the. Earlington:
' \V O Cook E.- Cowan, at the Hotel Victoria;
' w' t CratK. at the Park Avenue: Mrs. "W.
M Craig A. J. Ctineo, Mrs. H. M. Field. Miss.
Li' Gale # W J. Glddings. Mrs. G. L. Giddlngs,
at the Victoria: H. Henderson and wife, at the
St Denis: H. He finer. Mr*. F. Heffner, at th«
Victoria: "W. R. llervey. the Misses Hervey. at
the Herald Square; Miss M. I. Hlggins, Mrs.
A eT HlRglns. O. Keefer. MI«s G. F. Kelly.
Mrs J E. Lanr. at the Hotel Victoria: E.
Laurence, at the Marlborough; I. A. Sepul
veda Mrs. M. A. Lewis, Mln J. Mackey, Miss.
IG Mason. Mrs. G. Mason. E. W. McCall, at
the Hotel Victoria; M. A. Morrell. at th«
Bartholdi ; ' Mrs. ' E. Mulr, Mrs.' E. A. Ota.
The Fourth Congressional District Repub
lican Convention will be held at Pioneer Hall
next Thursday evening. The district embraces
the Twenty-eighth. Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth.
Thirty-first. Fortieth. Forty-first. Forty-second.
Forty-third. Forty-fourth and Forty-ftfth As
sembly Districts.
The Fourth District.
Baldwin & Howell ret>ort that the sale of
lots in the Hayward addition to San Mateo
opened very strongly. On the first day $10,
000 worth were sold. Among the buyer* were
the followins:
E. W. McLellan, representing five San Ma
teo residents; purchased elx lots for $12,000.
George W. Duffy, lot for $1500; Ferdinand
L*vy, two lots for $2700; J. B. Peckham, one
lot for $1350: Egbert Wisnom. one lot for
$1500; Mrs. M. E. Doyle, one lot for $2200;
Mark E. CTHara. two lots for $4100; Emma
V. (Jill, one lot for $1300; Elizabeth M. Fisher,
one lot for $1300; Grove Lawrence, one lot
for $1300; Joseph Brltt, two lots for $1100
each: Sarah Johnson, one lot for $1100; James
McDonald, one lot for >2200. Two lots In
block S were sold for $3200.
Real Estate Sells Well.
Travelers Xeed Trunks and Valises.
Traveling bags, toilet cases, trunks
and everything needed by travelers. No
such assortment of good things else
where. All leather goods lettered in
Bold free of charge. Sanborn. Vail & Co_
741 Market street. •
They have an English music hall
singer out at the Chutes in the person
of Daisy Harcourt, who gives coster
ditties in a way that is simply in
imitable. Eddie Weston and Bessie
Beasley made a great hit yesterday
with their roaring comedy, "The Hon.
O'Donovan Dunn, M. P." The Shet
lands, a diminutive duo of dancing
girls; the three Dentons, aerial hori
zontal bar performers; Mabel Lam
son, the popular singer of illustrated
songs, and the American, biograph
were other numbers on a capital pro
gramme.
The Chutes.
The suit for divorce filed by Theo
philus G. Smith against Sophia Smith
was dismissed yesterday. A motion to
dismiss the suit of Mary Elliott against
John Elliott was filed by the attorney
for the plaintiff.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Karl Hedberg against Char
lotte Hedberg, desertion; Rosa J.
Ramsden against George Ramsden,
cruelty; Johannah Gorman against
Thomas F. Gorman, cruelty; Ramona
Ruiz against Alfred Ruiz, desertion
and neglect; Sidney G. Mitchell
against Ellen Mitchell, desertion; , C.
I* Robledo against J. M. Robledo,
neglect; by Maud Till against Arthur
Till for $30 monthly for maintenance
without divorce, alleging that he de
serted her September 16.
Then the complaint proceeds with
th<* recital of his misdeeds. Water
man was English bred and nagged his
wife for being an American and
therefore "ill bred." She says that he
spat upon her clothes and face; as
saulted her with his fists, cane and
other articles; threw her down and
Jammed her against the walls. He
would, she says, smash the dishes and
overturn cooking utensils, spilling the
hot contents over her. He was ad
dicted to drinking, gambling and play
ing the races and "in a lordly and
reckless way" wasted a fortune re
coived by will from relatives in Eng
land. He would spitefuly throw small
change at her while throwing away
hundreds at night.
Judge Hebbard granted a divorce to
Maud Ramsey from Frank T. Ram
sey on the ground of cruelty. Di
vorces were granted by Judge Kerri
gan to Lydia Swanson from Olof
Swanson for neglect, to Lester Burge
from Anna M. Burge for desertion, to
Anna C. Wellbrock from Henry Well
brock for cruelty; by Judge Troutt to
George C. Mayon from Theresa J.
Mayon. extreme . cruelty; by Judge
Seawell to Jane E. Stratton from Wal
lace C. Stratton. desertion.
Josephine Ellen Waterman, in *a suit
for divorce begun yesterday against
Frederick James Waterman, charges
desertion, neglect and cruelty as
grounds for the legal termination of
sixteen years of unhappy married life.
If any forms of husbandly mistreat
ment are missing from the complaint
it is because Waterman's invention
failed or his wife's memory is at fault.
They were married at Vancouver,
Wash., in 1SS8, and from that time,
the plaintiff says, his misconduct was
"too outrageous to admit of publica
tion, but some idea may be gathered
among the less violent of his language
and acts."
Miss A. Pettigrew. Mrs. F. X. Pfafflnger. M!«a
M. PfafHnser. F. B. Preston. Miss M. I*.
Preston. Mrs. A. E. Pruss, F. Ray. M. Rechen
back. at the Victoria; E. B. Revers and wife,
at the Murray Hill; A. J. Salisbury. Mrs. C.
Schumacher, at the Victoria; A. Searl «nd
¦wife, at the Kensington; I. R, Smith. Miss
C. Snodgrase. Miss A. Speedy, at the Victoria:
"W. Haram, at the Ashland House; Vf. M.
Craig, at the Victoria.
Xrs. Waterman Cites Exam
ples of the Less Violent
Acts of Cruel Husband
Buixlars entered the Aberdeen Hotel at 838
Putter street early yesterday morning. About
2 o'clock In the morning Sergeant Shaw, In
charpe of the Central Station, received a tele
phone from E. M. Grimes, proprietor of the
hostelry, informing: him that there were thieves
in the place. Policemen Kramer and Mer
chant wore sent to the hotel and on reaching
the house were told that the man was on the
roof. The officers were Joined by Officer Hicks
and the three went on the roof. They arrived
just In time to see the burglar take a twenty
flve-foot jump to the roof of an adjoining vacant
house. The»leap was too great for the po
licemen and they hurried into the street, with
the hope of catching the fleeing man, but got
down too late.
Burglar's Long Jump.
: In "Fallen by the Wayside." Theo
dore Kremer's latest melodrama, the
Central Theater stock company gave
one of-its strongest performances last
night. The piece conveys the same
lessons as "Ten Nights in a Barroom"
and the strong scenes roused tremen
dous applause. The thrilling incident
which captured the. house in the third
act and elicited five enthusiastic cur
tain calls was the rescue of a little
child from threatened death in the
upper story of a tenement-house by
aid of a swinging derrick.
Central.
WIFE'S STORY
IS EXCITING
The romantic drama, "Monbars,"
attracted a large and enthusiastic au
dience to the Alcazar last night. It
scored a pronounced success. White
Whittlesey in the title role was ad
mirable and effective. At the close of
the fourth act he was called at least
a dozen times before the curtain. Miss
Eug-enie Thais Lawton as Diane
shared honors with the star and gave a
charming, characterization of the mis
judged and loyal young wife. Miss
Juliet Crosby was convincing as Mad
ame Mouton and the other characters
were well sustained by. Harry S. Hil
liard, George Osbourne, Luke Conness,
Miss Marie Howe and the rest of the
cast.
Alcazar.
Maddened with rage after a night
of quarreling, Michael McCarthy shot
and probably fatally Injured his wife,
Octavia, In a room at 1424 Market
street shortly after 11 o'clock yester
day morning. The wife lies hovering
between life and death. at the Emer
gency Hospital, while the brute who
shot her is held at the City Prison
awaiting the result of her injuries.
Jealousy, which the woman's rela
tives claim was unfounded and which
the husband says was justifiable, is
given as the motive for the crime. •
A little less than a year ago Mich
ael McCarthy and Octavia Leathe, a
handsome young woman about 20
years of age, were married. Violent
quarrels were frequent. Miss Oveta
Leathe, sister of the wounded woman,
says that a few days ago McCarthy
choked his wife "until her eyes
popped out of her head." Yesterday
morning in the presence of Miss
Leathe McCarthy pulled a revolver
and shot his wife. The bullet entered
her left side between the seventh and
eighth ribs and ranged upward, lodg
ing under the right shoulder blade.
The Indications are that the bullet
pierced both lungs.
To Assistant District Attorney Fer
rari the woman made the following
ante-mortem 'statement:
Mr name is Octavia McCarthy. I lire at 1424
Market street. I have no occupation. I ftrmly
belleve that I am now about to die. My hus
band shot me this mornlnp. He shot me once.
He did It for jealousy. The shooting: took
place at 1424 Market street. My sister was
present at the time. Just before the
shooting my husband eaid he was coin? to
Bhoot me and my sister told him not to do It.
He waited until my back was turned and he
shot me. OCTAVIA MCCARTHY.
In an Ante-Mortem State
ment Jealousy Js Given
as Cause of the Crime
An overwhelming desire to taste
chop suey and noodle soup brought J.
O. Raimey and John Crippenback be
fore Judgre Conlan. Against them ap
peared Fat Lung and his seventeen
cousins, who conduct the Oriental
hashhouse where the epicureans dined.
"Two men come my Iestlant," said
Fat Lung. "They say, 'John, you got
tem chop suey?' I say allight. Bime
bye eat 'em up, I say 10 cents apiece.
They say no gottem. Wha* for?
Wha's malla? One man he pour
noodle soup down my neck. I say,
'You look out' Then he puttem chop
euey in my eye. I say 'Pollcee!'
Pleeceman he takem away.
"My cousin, he see. He very good
Nothing but a thin layer of glass
separated Steve from liis beloved. Cu
pid, who has the ha-ha on locksmiths,
is also the open shop kid as far as
the Glaziers' Union is concerned.
"From the desert I come to thee,"
¦warbled the impetuous lover and
plunged headlong through the glass.
The police found him kneeling at the
feet of the circus, poster. Judge
Conlan told him to pay for the win
dow and to become a woman hater.
As Steve, filled with ardor and the
ardent vino, g-azed at the paper
charmer a miraole occurred. The
poster girl winked one eye and smiled
tenderly upon him. Like Galatea, she
had come to life.
With one coquettish red paint limb
tucked gracefully behind her left ear
the paper lady smiled at Steve
through the window of R. Pineda's
grocery on Montgomery avenue.
Steve Mecca's Mecca appears to be
the top floor of the Hall of Justice.
He made on* of his pilgrimages to
that place Sunday night. A woman
was at the bottom of his troubles, of
course, a lithographed circus rider on
a roster.
"Just when we had six bathers
boiled and ironed in the drying-room."
said L. Stradling of the Mason-street
Hammam Baths to Judge Mogan yes
terday, ""the Poppy Cafe dropped
about three gallons of dishwater down
on them.
"It wasn't to-day's dishwater,
either. It was some that Mrs, Punt,
who runs the Poppy, had been saving
for a month or so. One of the bath
ers awakened by the slop bath, shout
ed. "Cut out there. I. didn't order a
mud bath.' I want a warrant for
that woman for arson, or manslaugh
ter, or something:."
According to Stradling the presid
ing goddess of the Poppy is nettled by
his refusal to trade customers. "You
wash and I'll feed." suggested the
fair keeper of the resort with flowery
name. But Stradling refused.
Saturday night a group of bathers
lay slumbfrinjr on the drying counters.
From the skylight trickled a shower
bath. Judge Mogan granted a war
rant for Mrs. Punt on a charge of
malicious mischief.
"I don't see any storms coming
down the coast." replied the Judge.
"I think that in your case it will be
tunny weather for some time."
Gorham took the hint.
• • •
Gorham's wife, whose nose was
broken a few weeks ago by^ the hus
band who drinks only milk punches,
took the stand. "Those milk punches
broke up my home." she said. "They
are ruining the entire neighborhood."
"The court refuses to act as referee
for a bartenders' contest," said his
Honor, "but from what I have read
and heard and seen, milk punch con
tains some of that stuff — let's see, I'll
recall the name in a minute — oh. yes,
whisky. Under that innocent lacteal
fluid in the punch lurks the stuff that
biteth and stingeth. Without hesita
tion the court pronounces milk punch
an intoxicating beverage. Thomas,
why did you break your good lady's
nose?" t
"Well. Judge, I didn't exactly break
it." answered Gorham. "You see. we
had a little family party and I guess
la the excitement I must have handed
her one or two wallops. I didn't mean
anything. Everybody was having a
good time and I was feeling kind of
g-ood myself. I just broke it for a
joke, your Honor."
"You threatened to kill Mrs. Gor
ham with a stove lid. did you not?"
"That was just a little fun. your
Honor. Seems to me the old lady
can't take a joke any more. Maybe I
might have thrown the lid at her, but
she ought to know my ways after
twenty years of married bliss."
"Well, you pay your wife $10 a
week and keep away from her," or
dered Judge Mogan.
'"But," protested Gorham. "I'm a
shingler and I don't work during bad
weather."
"Mr. Gorham is a sober man," as
serted the detective. "He never
drinks anything but milk punches."
Milk punch has been proved a de
stroyer of homes. Detective Anthony
appeared before Judge Mogan as a
witness to the character of Thomas
Gorham and constituted himself at
torney for the defense of the seductive
beverage.
But the tillerman of the buzzcar
mentioned it several times at the top
of his voice. Croel was arrested. His
case will be tried on September 22.
Defrauding an automobile company
was the charge against L. J. Croel in
Judge Mogan's court. F. H. Stevens,
owner of the buzzcar, charges that
Croel hired the machine for an even
ing, then refused to pay.
Accompanied by two damsels fair,
Croel started out in the auto Satur
day night. They arrived at a Turk
street resort on Sunday morning.
There Croel thanked the chauffeur ef
fusively for the pleasant time. The
chauffeur said: "Don't mention It.
Thirty bones, please. "Don't mention
that either," replied Croel politely.
Judge Conlan continued the case in
order to hunt through the Penal Code
for the exact penalty for buttin' in.
"We was creepin* a waltz wid our
lady friends," explained the cotillon
leader of the club. "In , comes dis
geezer and makes googoo eyes at me
rag. I pays, 'On yer way, kido; didn't
yer pipe the sign on der door? It
says "No dogs!' Well, he wouldn't
tumble, so we trun him down the
stairs and gave him der boot. We
wants him soaked for buttin' in."
The "All In" Club, consisting of
three members, told Judge Conlan the
tale of an interrupted social function
given at Garibaldi Hall on Sunday
night. William Schaplin did the goat
act. on. the occasion. He butted in.
man. I no talkee He. Those two men
no good, allee same loafer."
"Five dollars or five days for at
tempting to defraud a trusting
heathen," decided the court.
With "The Beauty Shop" yet a
pleasant memory, the Fischer old
guard went last night to see what new
conceit had sprung from the intellec
tual activity of Crawford's strenuous
journalistic gray matter. They were
satisfied. For here is a refreshing
potpourri of gags, songs and dances,
all, even the last element, of a dis
tinct local flavor. With Arthur Del
roy's musical fantastics turned to
catch the jaded ear of even the habit
ual first night constituency and with a
sufficiently wide awake spirit of get
there on the part of the stage people,
"Miss Mazuma" went off with Si snap
that needed no wealth of floral pieces
nor calls for the author to emphasize
its obvious presence. The truly
Fischer piece is herein exemplified.
chorus girls with little red ladders
and little red hose — the latter in a
sartorial sense — came tripping : in to
answer an alarm and sing a littie song
with dance accompaniment before
looking for the blaze certainly the lo
cal Fire Department finds it "up to
them." But then it is all in the show
and it is a novelty — something not
lacking in Jim Crawford's latest "Miss
Mazuma."
Those that like that kind of thing will
like "The "Wizard of Oz," with which
the silly season was pleasantly in
augurated at the Columbia last night.
Doubtless we should have liked it bet
ter with the original cast. We're spoiled.
We are beginning to forget that San
Francisco was ever on the map of the
"road" show. The Columbia manage
ment must take the consequences of its
late brilliant dramatic campaign. It
has given us the best, and less than the
best will not content us.
The .piece itself — I see that Hamlin
& Mitchell decline to catalogue it — is
fascinatingly funny and attractive.
Scarecrows and mooley cows furnish
new joys in the cast. There is a re
alistic Kansas cyclone that makes one
glad to live in California, and fine ad
venturing of a Kansas motor man, an
"arm and check" syren, a small girl
and a cow, in the enchanted realm of
Oz. Then there is a chorus, "mostly
girls," that lives up to its description
of having been chosen for its youth
and beauty. The costumes are stun
ning. The scenery, transformation
scene and all, is sumptuous. The
music — oh, well, the music doesn't
matter. The people — well, some of
them matter. Vocally the cast has
about a voice and a half among them.
Blanch Powell Todd has most of It,
and Mildred Elaine and Florence Sin
not divide the rest. Not that any one
Of them worries much about using the
voice, but in this kind of thing only
a Tivoli-goer is unreasonable enough
to expect that.
The . way of the substitute is hard.
So much one has been led to expect,
for example, of the "Tin Woodman,"
as done by one Montgomery. John
Swor's tin man came as woodenly
last night as the figure should have
done and did not. On the other hand,
it is difficult to imagine that . Fred
Stone's scarecrow could have been
any better than Bert Swor's. He is
more like an animated dishclout than
it is possible to imagine without see
ing him. You cannot imag
ine even a three-foot hatpin
finding the bottom of his
straw stuffing. You wonder what he
has done with his bones — the limbs
bend like indiarubber — and with the
other part of his face, besides the
mouth. Make-up and acting, it is
the cleverest sort of work. This unc
tuous person when last here faced
George Wilson with the Haverly Min
strels' interlocutor. He cannot come
too often. The other men make one
hanker after Teddy Webb and Slmms
— except L. J. . Wyckoff and Fred
Woodward, as the courteous cow and
the cowardly lion, respectively. They
are the noblest beasts that were ever
lost to the zoo. Right here one may
pay. that no child should miss "The
Wizard" any more than the circus.
Blanch Powell Todd leads the ladies.
Miss Todd as Dorothy Gale from Kan
sas is a demurely pretty little person,
who sings prettily and wears satin knee
breeches as daintily as- Alice Nielsen.
She dances well — everybody dances well
in "The Wizard"— and is altogether en
gaging. Florence SInnot as the waitress
is a dancing marvel. She Is the most
featly-footed creature that has dawned
here for long. Miss SInnot almost
sings, and has a song, "Sammy," that
is going to fill the right-hand stage box
nightly. The song was directed thither
last night, to the obvious embarrass
ment of the "Sammy" addressed. May
Taylor has the part of a "lady lunatic,"
a comedy Ophelia, and is sometimes ef
fective and "always pretty. Those that
like that kind of thing will like "The
Wizard of Oz."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
WOUND IS DANGEROUS
Michael McCarthy Attempts
to Kill Woman He Accuses
• of Being Unfaithful to Him
The Courteous Cow and Cowardly Lion, a Kan
sas Cyclone and a Limber Scarecrow Are New
Joys for Silly Season Audience at Columbia
Detective Anthony's Argument for That Innocent
Beverage Is Overruled by the Court-Dishwater
Descends Upon. Bathers in Hammam Baths
JEALOUS MAN
SHOOTS WIFE
MILK PUNCH IS INTOXICATING,
DECIDES POLICE JUDGE MOGAN
"WIZARD OF OZ" IS MONARCH
IN FAIRY LAND OF NONSENSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1904.
LEE TOY GOES TO JAIL.— Lee Toy. In
dicted with H. L. Eca Da Sllva by the United
States Grand Jury for Importing . Chinese
women Into this country unlawfully, waa taken
before United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday afternoon and identified.; He was
unable, to furnish bonds -In $5000 and was re
committed t othe County Jail. Da Sllva Is
supposed , to be , in : St. Louis, but the United
Slates secret ' service men have not been able
to find him.
WANTS DIAMOND PIN BACK.— E. Re
gensburger, 544 Second avenue, secured a
search warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday to recover ixissesslon of a diamond
pin valued at ?100. Ha said he had by mis
take left the pin in a shirt he had put lnthe
wash bag and Hong Chong, a Chinese laun
dryman at 2409 California street had the pin,
but refused to give It u\t.-
MINT WATCHMEN WANTED.— The United
States Civil Service Commission announces an
examination at San Francisco October 5 for
the position of watchman in the United States
mint at San Francisco at a salary of $720
per year. There are three vacancies. Apply
to the secretary. Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers. 301 'Jackson St.. San Francisco, for,
application form 1903.
VALUE OF DUNNE ESTATE.— The will of
the late Peter J. Dunne was admitted to pro
bate by Judge Coffey yesterday. The probable
value of the estate is $20,000.
CHILD SCALDED TO DEATH.— Nimo
Elnota, 4 years old, died yesterday morning
from the effect of a severe scalding received
last Saturday. His mother was washing tn
the kitchen of No. 8 Vandewater street and
had left a tub of scalding water on the floor.
Th« child fell into the tub and was Immedi
ately pulled out by Its mother.
CRUSHED BY A SWITCH ENGINE.—Jo
hannln Frank, a barber living at 1412 Six
teenth street, was run down by a switch en
gine last night at Seventh and Townsend
streets. His foot was badly crushed and he
sustained other injuries. He was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where It was
found necessary to amputate his leg below the
knee.
BRIEF ITEMS.
BAKERSF1ELD, Sept. 19.— This afternoon.
as a Result of the Citizens' Alliance move
ment, nearly every saloon in Bakersfleld and
Kern took down its union card and the bar
tenders promptly walked out. To-night the
proprietors themselves are working throughout
the city. The brewery drivers have refuted to
deliver beer to the non-union saloons.
Saloon-Keepers Behind Bars.
Unlocks Cells of Colorado County Jail
and Turns Loose Ten of
the Inmates.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Sept. 19. — Ten prison
ers walked out of the County Jail at an early
hcur thlH - morning through the treachery of
Ray Hathaway, a trusty, serving time for
a mlror offense. Hathaway unlocked the cells
and gave the prisoners their liberty. Hatha
way and one other uriaoner were recaptured,
but tht others are still at large.
TREACHEROUS TRUSTY
LIBERATES PRISONERS
YORK. Pa.. Sept. 19.— Mitchell Schall, h«ad
of the K'-ystone Foundry and Machine Com
pany or this city, and Miss Nettie Gatmatt
also of York were found dead In the young
woman's npartments here to-day. Returning
from a visit, they wrote notes in which they
complained of the cruel world, and then turned
on the gas. Both had been suffering from
nervous p. flections, and to this Is attributed
the tragedy. Both were well known socially.
Prominent Business Man of York and
YounR Unmarried Woman Found
Dead In letter's Room.
PENNSYLVANIA SOCIETY
COUPLE DIE TOGETHER
MORE DETAILS DEMANDED.— Judge Hunt
yesterday overruled the general demurrer, but
sustained the special demurrer to the complaint
of Frank B. Whlteman against the Oyster
Workers' Union No. 10,497 and allowed the
plaintiff ten days In which to set forth more
spedflcatly what kind of "physical force" was
threatened against him by the union. White
man must also state what wages he was earn
ing and detail the threats which he alleges were
made. Whlteman sued the organization for
$5000 damages for forcing him out of his em
ployment.
John Murphy and Joseph Leddy broke the
Beal on the door of a Southern Pacific freight
car stand! nr In front of 406 Townsend street
early yesterday morning and. effecting an en
trance, stole 4 hams and a side of bacon.
They were arrested by Policeman Heinz and
booked at the City Prison on a charre of
burglary. The hams and bacon were booked
as evidence.
Charged With Burglary.
Invitations are out for the first general meet
ing in this campaign of the German-American
Republican Club. The club will meet In the
upper banquet haJl at 8 O'Farrell street
Wednesday evening. September 21. A large
attendance is desired, as the order of business
Includes, besides the election of officers, a gen
eral exchange of ideas on the method of oper
ating during the campaign. Members are re
quested to bring their friends of Republican
faith.
German Republicans.
14
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
The sale of Columbus
Buggies and Carriages
formerly owned by
Glenn Bros., 1321 Mar-
ket street, still contin-
ues. We have bought
this stock and have solo*
at cost, or less, 138 vehi-
cles in 10 days. The
store is for rent on Oc-
tober 1st, and there are
still 200 jobs to be sold,
including Surreys, Bug-
gies, Runabouts, Phae-
tons and a general line
of fine work.
This is an opportunity
if you need a carriage.
STTTDHRAKRff
RROS.TPMPANY
1321-23-25 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Centemeri
PfenSjT -¦'
Gun Metal Suede,
Two Clasp Cape,
¦ ' M
¦ •/ vl
Salesroom, 200 Post St*
Corner Grant Ave. {
j Intgmsj CUHB SICK HEADACKB.
rarrTLE Genuine Must Bear
H IVER Fac-Simile Signalun
8 PILLS. JZir —
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
1500 Walking: and Dress Skirts at Cut Rate Prices.
SEE OUR WINDOWS —
$20.00 English Walking: Suits, long; coat effect, made of the
stylish mannish Scotch tweed Cut Rate, $ 1 5.00
$18.50 Tourist Suits, made of choice quality cheviot, trimmed
with velvet, fancy silk braid Cut Rate, $ 14.00
$22.50 Novelty Suits Cut Rate, $ 1 7.50
$25.00 Novelty Suits Cut Rate, $20.00
$40.00 High Novelty Suits Cut Rate, $32.50
$10.00 Jackets, silk lined Cut Rate, $7.50
$12.50 Jackets Cut Rate, $10.00
$17.50 Three-Quarter Tourist Coats Cut Rate, $ 13.50
$27.50 Full Lengih Black Broadcloth Coats. -Cut Rate, $22.50
$37.50 Choice Quality Fur Jackets Cut Rate, $30.00
...EXTRA SPECIAL...
BEGINNING TODAY, we will offer the following:
Just think of it ; right at the commencement of the
season we offer some of our newest and best styles of
Tailor Suits, Coats and Skirts at Cut Rate Prices. Our
already acknowledged low prices will be lower still.
Stunning Styles Reliable Material First Glass Workmanship
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY
THE UNEXPECTED
GIT RATE PRICES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARKS BROS.
Sale of
CHILDREN'S
..COATS..
Here's a Serviceable .$0.95
Misses' Coat at L
Equal to anybody's $4.50 coat and you'll
acknowledge that yourself as soon as you
se» it.
"^ ¦¦¦¦¦•^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦•BSSBBJS^iBBBm
SALE 8 m J6X2
t>rice: Jf^drTL
MISSES' ' COAT as PICTURED "Fits
well,", '"appears well" and '"wears well/'
Made of a good, durable quality of Melton
cloth. Deep shoulder cape, trimmed with
fancy braid and buttons.
$0,45 for Misses' Jackets
u actually worth $5.
Here's a beautiful lot of Zibeline Jack-
ets In green, red, blue and brown. Pret-
tily trimmed in novelty silk braids and
fancy buttons; sizes S to ltt years.
Through enormous purchases by our New
York buyer we are enabled to offer you
GOOD-WEARING and STYLISH
.¦.-.CHILDREN'S GOATS
that could never be sold at these prlc?s
were it not for the clever way in which
they -WERE BOUGHT. . "• .'-'C '-.¦'-;;
$9.45_Jor $3.50 CMI-
* dren's Goats.
Here's a splendid lot of children's Coats
in red, blue and tan.
Circular Capes trimmed with fancy braid.
New' etyle double breasted lront. An ex-
cellent value at $2.15.
$O,45_ lor $5.00 Ghil-
0 dren's Coats,
.This lot of Coats made of an elegant
quality of Venetian cloth. Large sailor
collar trimmed in braid' tn a fanciful de-
sign. Your choice of all colors and sev-
eral styles.
Children's ¦ Coats, some in sizes 2,
4. 6. All have an inner lining of warm
flannel. ;'.>;'¦ • ¦ •' ¦ ¦ ¦
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
* ° ew Havana cr ° p which i& m
Bfl .'"Jt."!" 1 . BlUftiil* BrOS, tt Diaz Makers, Havana and XaniDl. ' mmmm^m^tm^mmmmm^mm^ma^^^m^mmm^^mm^^^m fgj
m AlpYJinrlpr Hiimhftldf CJcrflf^ i
vj xtlIwACIIIvJWI lAUllIH/vrlM y •¦¦- %Si2L%£bL Oy m
B Michalltschkee Bros.. San Francisco, SOLD EVERYWHERE 10c UP. §J