VOLUME XCVI— NO. 101.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY^gSEPTEMBER ,9, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE WEATKtl.
Forecast mad* at, San Fran
cisco lor thirty hours endla*
xniflnlgrht, September 9:
- San Francisco and vicinity—
Fair Friday; cooler; brisk west
erly winds, with fog. •
a. a. McADir.
District Forecaster.
TBS THEATEH3.
Alcazar— "Robert Emmet." Mat
- laee To-Day. -
Calif oral* — "Sapho." Matine*
Central — "The Tirst Bom." Mat
inee To-Day. £ - ¦ a
Colombia — "Btfflei."
Fischer's — M Anb«ns«r Push,"
Matinee To-Day.
Oxaad Opera-home — dimes*
Plays. • t ¦ - i ¦ .
Kajeitio— "In the Palace of tie
King-." Matinee To-Day.
Orpaetun— Vaudeville. Matiaee
Tivoll — "Tie Toreador." Matin**
The Chutes— Vaudeville. After
noon end Eventcff.
VIEWS OF\THE »BIG BASIN PARK! AND'.MAP- SHOWING' THE -TERRITORY ¦:
' .VOVERrWHICH-SWEPTTHE FIERCE-AND- DESTRUCTIVE FLAMES THAT
fi DESTROTED THE BEAUTY- OF. CALIFORNIAtS :MOST FAMOUS -PRESERVE. '
Lives: Are kost^ih^
" 1" --yetitvPrbjgress^
FOREST ' » FIRE
;:SUTTER'CREEk,* Sept.- 8.-^-A v . very
Sargent Coming to Coast.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.—Commis
sioner of Immigration/ Sargent will
leave on September 15 on a tour of
inspection, which will include points
on the, Mexican border . and on the
Pacific Coast. He will be gone four
week*.
. ; HEALDSBURG. Sept. 8. — Forest
fires are raging in the hills surround
ing this city. Great damage has been
done to the crops and fruit. It Is sur>>
posed that the . flres are due to the
carelessness of campers passing
through this section.
~ This city Is enveloped in a cloud of
smoke . and to-day the thermometer
registered 110. degrees in the 'shade.
Forest Fires Near Healdsbur^ Injure
• ¦ • GroAvins Fruit and Grain.
CROPS ARE D.\M-\GED.
" \ "k , ¦ •: Much Valuable Property."
-Sept. '8.— A : forest
iflre.that rbroke out : in ."', the' ; hills . east of
this . cityj yesterday.' destroyed ...the bid
Oregon . Hotel '.-, and ..all , the • nearby
buildlngB.^The.-.Baxterf store -building
arid Its contents;, the j-Baxter residence,
containing'^ the •.- postoffice, ', '. arid . large
barps .fliled^with^h.ay^ were 'consumed.
i* t The > flre \ spread \ rapidly ; in '.y. spite . of
the, effbrtSjO'f^hundreds ,bf .inerir Much
timber,' /gralri^arid '.pasture '.laid -was
destroyed 'and i it' Is .believed 'tHat some
"stock k perished. • •• The '; losses • reported
Blaze v Starts ' in Forest "» and Destroys
FIRES'.NEAR • MARYSVILLE.
The flre is now believed to be under
control and n.<^ further damage is
feared..-
aggregate $20,000, with little insur
ance.
At StarkvIUe last night six Italian
strikers assaulted coal company
guards. Christopher Shore, one of the
strikers, v.as shot through the groin
and fatally wounded. Three of the
strikers were arrested and placed In
Jail, but the others escaped.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Sept. 8.— Sheriff
Clark, with fifteen deputies, went to
Tabasco this afternoon in response to
a telephone message that striking
miners numbering over 100 were
marching to Tabasco and Berwin to
force non-union miners out of the
mines. On the arrival of the Sheriff
the strikers informed him that they
had assembled to hold a meeting.
- Sixty of the strikers carried guns
and the Sheriff disarmed them. Fifteen
men who were considered dangerous
were arrested and placed In the Coun
ty Jail here.
Bhcriff nnd Deputies Prevent Demon
stration and Arrest Fifteen Men.
COLORADO MINERS DISARMED.
When the news concerning, the
flre in Big Basin Park In Santa Cruz
County reached this city yesterday
morning, the Redwood Park .Commis
sioners, who live in San Francisco, had
a' hurried conference. There; was no
way to ' communicate with" State War
den -Pilkington In the Big Basin arid
some solicitude was experienced con
cerning; the : welfare of him and'-of his
family; and the unknown campers who
are in": the "park. ¦
The . Commissioners also ' were anx
ious - about } the fate of . the Big Basin
Park, the custody of which Is . placed
In • their hands by the State law.
W. H. Mills and Commissioner • Fos
ter conferred ' with Professor 'Dudley
of Stanford /University, the secretary
of the commission. . Professor, Dudley
reported ' .thaY the flre originated. 'on
Pescadero: Creek. Commissioner W.' H.
Mills" ' said * last evening , that ,1 he had
no doubt that much damage had been
caused in the f State's park by, the fires".
"He" declined to speculate concerning
'the, amount' of ¦ it.' ¦; . . "' ¦
'. '*;The j, difficulty j of forecasting the
amount „ of --"damage," ) said ..Mills, !"is
increased' by' the uncertainty'" of .the
concentration ..of . heat, at ; any. given
point.. Ordinarily the-greVti'-.'under
crqwth:- 4 'in'.'tlie :; Big " Basin would^iibt
State Officials Are in Dark About
Amount of Loss.
COMMISSION ANXIOUS.
ELGIN, 111., Sept. 8. — Miss Anna
Roycroft, 18 years old, was run down
and instantly, killed last night by an
engine in charge of her uncle, Taylor
Sergeant.
The tragedy so affected the engi
neer's mind that he collapsed with his
hand : on the emergency brake.
He is completely prostrated and the
attending physicians fear he may not
recover from the terrible shock.
Drives Locomotive Over His Niece,
Killing Her, and Shock 3Iay
Prove Fatal.
ENGINEER PROSTRATED
i. BY FATAIi ACCIDENT
This gives official proof, that ! the sit
uation • was j serious. \ Telegraphic ,,cor-.
respondence " took ; place \ promptly .' an'd
the railroad _; people ' sent >- their ¦-. track
men to Vthe'i.rescueV '/¦ ':-' : '-\ ¦ ' ; |
; The only, way to reach Boulder" Creek
from: the, park ,bn"; thejeast '.Is ;oye" r ; the
ridge' along . "whose .'. entire : extent \- the
flames'/ raised ; their r impassable ? and
practically/ unbroken \ ¦wail b'f /flre.* ; The
Big ' Basin ¦* la £ surrounded'^ by ;,•; ridges,
some •" of -'the i peaks being ; as { high , as
Mount! Tamalpals"; and^the; entire coun
try: is very..; rough /!and*[ broken. ''^fc '¦' ,
¦ Through '/.Big *.' Basin* ". Park \ run j the
severalfbrks of ;'Waddell^Creek.Y r Th'ese
are ' quite ; large;" streams, , but fthey, -are
strewn ' with ; huge * boulders. '" ' To : f oi{
low;, the down r^below,' the" flre
belt, might 1 ? be i very,, dlflicult; for f any,
but strong (and persons, y It ; Is
necessary" ; to;, pursue one's way. , along
Bteep margins trails
arid »• of ten \ In '..the -bed i of Ithe I'creek.'ii .'• .
, Bad flri rasing In Blr Basin. Country tavern
at Old Union Mill and. summer home of J. L.
Koster all gone. -State. Park In danger. Entire
country from head r of.-.' Pescadero Creek ' to
Blooms Mill "In-: flames..; Several: lives; sup
posed to be ¦. lost .'-¦• \ ••;¦.:. '•- - ; -. ' ;-•'. i
catch flre . There •" are-;' places
where the* 7 tan bark oaks', have ; been
stripped for, their bark.' They are 'dry
and inflammable! .'They might' strongly
aid to '¦ spread •¦ the ' flames; " If - a • great
redwood tree should v take 'flfe'lt » would
be like a torch to light its • neighbors."
Early y'esterday^mbrning the folfow- ;
lng. dispatch was: received by. "H."R.
Judah of .the - Southern .Pacific [Cprii
pariy frorii J. ' H. Aigler/ dated Boulder
Creek: >.K. .';;.'"'. ''-^*, : . ". . '• * '¦:'.'¦' \
f" The /Governor's vCamp * Is collection
of 'jsinalU? one-story w'ooden % houses' that
were 'erected -by; Mr. Mlddleton of Boul
der^ Creek.'fthe former ¦owner' of a* great
part;: of : the*, land -sold, to; the j State, for
park : uses. ; They were; built 1 for [ the en
tertainment . of distinguished
aridinany have bee'n~entertained there.
. TKere' have been , fires "v ''lnVVther' . Big
Basin i before .'but j.none.' so* threatening
asVttieTpresent : one., A When- the State
Coriiriilssioriers*- decided' ,toh bperi\ the
pafk' : this year to the "general 'public -for
the" first; . timei regulations j were : care
fully "prepared to 'guard against ', the
starting of fires within. the i park" except
ing ; at- certain , places ; and \then : dhiy ; un
der^ the "supervision i and 'direction;-', of
Warden ' Pilkington. r ". . ... .. " .
'j^Th'e j residence? of ; ' lir. : Koster ;of ;; this
city.-,. that'; has : ;been . destroyed/.', was- a
handsome ¦ structure", ¦{ overgrown ..With
Ivy."' surrounded^with of hand
some . redwood > trees.v'and .• standing . not
farlfrorir.tbe'niain.rcradithat. leads frorii
Boulder^ Creek into, the, east. side ; of/ the
Big, Basin -Park. • The"iUnlori ; Mill'prop
erty, » th'e ; - country itavern; that has been
burned,"; was^the. prbperty/of *Mn '.Mid
dleton :,of , Creek, v ;,There - was
formerly^ a v growth ..of i-Iarge '.redwood
trees ¦riear.the,mill,'ibut these :were" cut
off ;befare (the* basin «was 'offered to. the
Stateas^park. ¦ -*A flre "would! probably
make: slowu progress} into* the r » heart > of
the ; Blg>Baslnl from "the -immediate **y I-
drilty ofxthe T couritry-taverri> :: - - ''- ¦?¦
¦'. SAN» RAFAEI* ', Sept. - 8.— The : forest
fires ".which »' started -on : . the Bollnas
ridge yesterday "afternoon . have made
great." headway arid many , acres of tim
ber-and; biush have ,'; been ' destroyed.
This .• rnornlrig 'the' 1 fire ' = fighters were
san gu 1 ne of checking \ the flames, but at
10 o!clock the wind' shifted 'and "the flre
is 'now working; down the Bolinas ridge
toward the" L.agunltas Canyon and the
Cascades -toward -Mount Tamalpals.
:^S.'B.^Cushing of !thV Tamalpals Tav
ern; has % been working with a squad of
men* since ] morning 'trying (to ' keep the
flames ' f roiri crossing the ridge to the
mountain.' \ ;. -
' '.Stioiild'* ; the ; wind change -there is
danger'. of, the '., flre ' making . its way
toward; the 'Mountain' Tavern", destroy
ing I the^bridges of :.the - Mount "Tamal
pais'Scenic'Railroad/ ' 'j
,' 'The£ telephone; lines. between' here.and
Bolinas^ are" destroyed and the stage
road; is ; blocked 'by/ the- burning, timber.
Efforts . of;" Men.
FiercV'Flaines Make Headway Despite
FIRES 5 IN I MARIN ! COUNTY.
- Mrs. Quinnlan has been a tenant of
the company for the past ten years
at Needles. She ran a boarding
house. When the stockade was aban
doned by the road she alleges several
of the strike-breakers applied to her
for board. She refused them, not con
sidering them desirable boarders, and
yesterday she was served with a notice
to vacate the premises on the 15th.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 8. — Mrs.
Quinnlan, a widow. residing at
Needles, came to San Bernardino thia
afternoon to take the preliminary
steps for Instituting a suit against the
Santa Fe Railway Company for mak
ing her vacate the house she rented
from the company because she would
not board strike-breakers.
Intends Suing Santa Fe for Ousting
Her From Premises She Has Oc
cupied for Years.
WIDOW WTIJj FIGHT FOR
HER RIGHTS IS COURT
**The /power /plant r of the California
Gas*' "and: Electric; Company Is in dan
ger 'arid " part fot* the "V pole . v line was
¦burned - down > last night. The quartz
.mills- of *tlxe "county- were shut down in
consequence.*; .;¦"•".-•'; .' '.
disastrous. forest fire has ¦ been raging
for, two days a few miles east of Jack
son. ». It ,is. supposed to have been
started * by; the blasting of wood near
the j Government agricultural station,
six ' miles ;frbm Jackson.
'¦'. The '.conflagration has traveled in a
southwesterly direction v over j an area
from*' three to 'five miles- in' width for
about ten miles, 'destroying valuable
timber, and .pasture -land and .wood
ranches. .% A -large number of men
have been fighting the fire and defend
ing their, homes; for two days, but the
trouble stiircoritinues. . -
"Park Is gone; haven't given up hope,
but hope, to "save Governor's Camp.'!
Since. then the fire has hemmed , him
In. When last seen early this, morn
ing the warden was escorting: a. party
of women to a place of safety. In this
party were Mrs. M. E. Kinney, Miss
E. KInney and- Miss, N. Davenport of
San Jose. Mrs. William Hill of Peta
luma. Miss George Trade of Shelton
and Mrs. Pilkington. They had an ex
citing time and , were in danger many
times from the flames. At one time
were it, not for the quick wit. of. the
warden, who: dampened • handkerchief s
and tied them _over_ the. faces of,; the
women, they -would • have perished, 1 as
the . suffocating-' pine ; smoke .' was roll
ing around them In billows. v; >•
The Basin View.; and, Tray's ranches
are reported . to - be the scene ; of a sad
tragedy. None of the people' on" these
ranches . havebeen seen since 'the
flames . swept over v ttiejr~ places '"yester
day, and it is ' thought V they * [ were"
burned. ... ,. ... '-;'.';¦ • ,*
This afternoon ¦ the railroad company
sent word to all section- crews to re
port to Warden . H. Pilkington at the
park and all afternoon , and evening
Station Agent Aram has been sending
men out in teams and on horseback.
The chance of reaching the warden,
however, was slight, owing to his.be
ing cut off from the outside. All the
roads are destroyed and until the
woods cool* it will be Impossible to
reach him. The last word from the
warden. was received early in the after
noon, when, he- cent out the following
message: ..
Over the lands of Sinnott, Koster,
Trays, Doeg, Hubbs,.Rambo,and many
others rushed the fire, -.sweeping all-be
fore it. Through - the/ Sempervireris
camp the fire made its. way, and then
along the northeasterly line of the park
to the cut timber lands of. I. T.. Bloom,
where hundreds of men have .gathered
in a final effort to stay the onward
sweep of the flames. .--,.' ..
BOULDER CREEK. Sept. 8.—Un
abated and unchecked, the fire that
has been threatening the ... California
State Park finally to-day swept
through the stately park and laid low
the hitherto untouched woodland, mak
ing a dreary waste of the State's pleas
ure ground. The fire started near the
headwaters of Waterman Creeek, near
where the California' Timber Company
was conducting milling operations, and
traveled easterly along the Waterman
and Pescadero creeks over the lands
of. McAbee i Bros., whose mill and
possessions were eagerly licked up. The
lives of two men were sacrificed, in an
endeavor to save the mill.
John L. Koster's home was entirely
destroyed." - The schoolhouse at Sequoia
was saved by -the bravery and heroism
of Thomas and James Maddock, who,
when deserted by their comrades,
stayed by. the burning building, arid by
pulling off part of the boards and
shingles saved it.
The fire. is now raging fiercely and is
utterly .-beyond control at 6:20 ,p. m.
The flre reached the extreme north
easterly limit of the park, where every
available -man has been gathered under
the : direction, of I. T.. Bloom. in. a final
effort to. get the flames under/control.
Back-firing is being freely used,' though
much: fear .is. expressed for. ihe safety
of .Warden Pilkingtcui and a handful of
men who. are supposed to':be-some
where . near, ! Governor's amp. .< / Every
avenue •; of. /access has been-: burned
and ; riot : a /road remains by ' which '¦- the
park and- the .warden can be 'reached. ¦'
The losses, at-- present are : as follows:
McAbee . Brothers/ $20,000; S. Gra
hammer (tavern), $2500; T.- Trays, $5000;
Mrs." Welch) ', f 5000 ;,J. K Koster, $5*00,
and J. Sinnott, $5000; total, $42,500. The
many other smaller losses will make
this the ': most disastrous of the many
conflagrations that have ever" swept
the country.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
Ttnxiety *ls ' Felt
;;' for Safety of i
-^Warden.
•s*— , . , . _ . — . .
Fierce Flames Destroy Trees That
Made Golden State Famous.
During the strike approximately
E3.000 persons have been involved, and
the 6truggle Is estimated to have cost
the men about $5,000,000 in wages, as
against an estimated loss of $7, 500,000
to the packers In business and In in
creased expenses. The greatest num
ber of men idle in Chicago during the
strike was 26.600, and the total In the
country outside of this city is estimated
to have been about the same number.
The original cause of the strike was
the demand by the Butchers' Union
that the packers pay to the unskilled
workmen 1SV4 cents an hour. The
packers refused to sign an agreement,
but offered to arbitrate. This was ac
cepted, the strikers agreeing to return
to work, pending the decision of the
arbitrators. The men, however, were
dissatisfied with the manner in which
they were being put to work and de
clared that they would not return un
less all the men were given their old
places In one day's time. The packers
declared that this was impossible and
the men went on strike for the secon-1
time. They now return to work under
the conditions that existed before the
Etrike.
CHICAGO. Sept. 8.— The strike of the
butcher ¦workmen, which has demoral
ised the meat-packing Industry
throughout the entire country, was of
ficially declared off to-night by Pres
ident Michael J. Donnelly of the Amal
gamated Meat Cutters and Butcher
Workmen's Union of America. This
morning Donnelly telegraphed to the
members cf the national executive
committee, asking their consent to an
announcement of the end of the strug
gle, and to-night, having received fa
vorable ansv.ers from all, he declared
that the etrike of the msmbsrs of his
organization would end at midnight.'
The strike of the members of .'the
affiliated unions at the stock yards,
who quit~\vork~In~fr}-rnpathy "\vith~the"
butchers, -will be. officially "called j off
to-morrow morning at a ' meeting « of
the conference board of the AllieQ
Trades. This was decided upon at a
meeting of the central body of the Al
lied Trafies held to-night.
When the packers were notified to
night that it had been decided to. end
the strike, they announced that they
would give places, as far as possible.
to the skilled men. but it was stated at
th» same time that many of these men
would be unable to secure their old
places, as, in many, cases, the work
was being performed satisfactorily by
ttifn who had been engaged since the
commencement of the strike. It is ex
pected that the majority | of the un
skilled men will be unable to regain
their old positions. It was the ques
tion of a wage scale for this class of
men that brought about the strike, the
packers refusing to sign an agreement
with any class other than skilled work
men.
DERBY, Conn., Sept. 8. — Expecting
every minute to see her dashed to
death, 5000, persons at Orange Fair
saw Miss Mabel Kent, a pretty nine
teen-year-old girl of Shelton, borne out
of sight, clutching the bar of a huse
parachute below a balloon, her body
swaying at full length in the air.
Her hands were tightly lashed to the
bar and the rope held her until she
had reached an altitude of nearly three
miles from the point of ascension. The
balloon descended to the top of a tree
fifty feet high, where she managed to
free herself. She was rescued in a
semi-conscious condition.
' A balloon ascension and parachute
leap by Professor Hayden had been an
nounced as one of- the attractions of the
afternoon. An invitation for any young
woman to accompany • him was ac
cepted by Miss Kent.
Professor Hayden lashed her loosely
by , her feet to the trapeze bar and
tied her wrists to a guy rope. As the
balloon ascended the fetters slipped
from the woman's feet, leaving her a
waving human pendulum. The straps
that held her wrists to the guy rope
forjned the only tie that kept her from
falling. Fortunately these held fast.
The crowd in the fair grounds shrieked
in- agony.
Miss Kent says that she was too
frightened to cry. She had expected to
be able to stand on the trapeze, but
the slipping of her feet bandages left
her helpless.
- Down the balloon shot and hundreds
of spectators who had seen the inci
dent rushed to the spot where it was
falling. It struck in the top of a tree
and Miss Kent lodged in its branches,
where she was rescued.
Special Dispatch to Ttt> Call.
Only a Portion of the Skilled Men
Are to Be Taken Back by
the Packers.
Spectators Shriek at the Spectacle, but
the Venturesome Girl Reaches
Butters' Union Yields and
Affiliated Bodies Will
Do Likewise.
DONNELLY
CALLS OFF
THE STRIKE
Great Stockyards
Trouble Is at
an End.
Cords on Her Hands Alone
Save Her From
Death.
Lashed to Bar ol
Paraclnte She
Floats Away.
THRILLING
TRIP MADE
BY WOMAN
CHARRED AND BLACKENED STUMPS STAND WHERE ONCE
IN ALL THEIR GLORY REARED THE GIANT SEMPERVIRENS
The San Francisco Call.I
TEMPLAR GRAND OFFICERS AND
•MASOX WHOM EARL. OF BUS
TON HONORED. .
: The impressive secret. ceremonies of
the Knights Templar were then! per
formed in installing the grand master,
George., M. Moulton. • Th$ ; remainder
of the afternoon was demoted to "clean
ing, up the rqutlne. business and; hear;
ing, the rejjorts of : some;forty/c'orrimit,
tees, and at r 4 o'clock the , Grand • En
campment adjourned; sin i., die. . *: . .
Joseph K. Orr of Georgia was ap
pointed grand Bword' bearer to succeed
Charles C. Vogt of Louis-ille, Ky.;
Edward W. Wellington of -Kansas was
appointed grand warden to ; succeed
Robert Strong of New Orleans;?- and
J. W. Chamberlain^ of* Minnesota was
appointed grand captain of the guard
to succeed Charles. E. Rosenbaun^of
Little Rock.; . • • . .
M. Worrall, D. D., of Kentucky was
elected grand prelate to j succeed the
Reverend Daniel I C. Roberts.
The grand treasurer, H. Wales Lines
of Merlden, Conn., and Grand Record
er John A. , Gerow of Detroit," Mich.,
were re-elected * for the ensuing three
years.
The office of grand standard bearer,
left varcant" by the advancement; of
Arthur MacArthur; to (the office' of
grand j senior warden, was filled by the
appointment of William H. Norrls of
Iowa. ¦' ?¦"; ¦'¦ \ ¦¦¦"¦ : : - 7 " ' '¦¦¦-; '
HEAt,D?BCRG. S*pt. 8.— Prank Gray, th«
son of a wealthy .rancher living near Windsor,
to-day Bhot himself in the les; while out hunt
!n#r. It msy be necessary to amputate his
lei to prevent blood pclsonlntr.
Sir Knights and Visitors
Ehmild not fail to «e« the beautiful decorations
• t Andrews* Diemcnd Palace. 221 Montgomery
•t. It, will, be open to-<Uy tor their benefit. •
A dinner was given last night at the
Palace Hotel by. the California Club to
the four drill corps of the Knights
Templar— Louisville, St. Bernard of
Chicago, Malta of Binghamtoh, N. Y.,
and Ivanhoe of Milwaukee, Wis.— that
competed for the championship
Wednesday. Owing to the necessity of
leaving on the U o'clock midnight
train for the East, the St. Bernard
corps did nothing more than "look in",
for a few minutes. The dinner did not
start until 11 o'clock. The Denver
drill corps was asked to act as repre
sentatives for them at the banquet.
In the beautiful banquet-room of the
Palace Hotel the hundred members of
the club acted as hosts to the one
hundred and fifty invited guests. Cap
tain R. P.Hurlbut of the California
Commandery No. 1 was to have acted
as toastmaster, but, owing to sickness,
was unable to be present. At the last
moment Grand Commander Charles M.
Plum, volunteered to fill the place at
the head of the board.. The orator of
the evening was Sir Knight Samuel C.
Shortridge, and the toasts to the dif
ferent drill corps were aptly replied to:
One of the incidents of the evening
was the arrival of the Louisville Com
mandery at the New Montgomery
street entrance of the Palace. Hotel.
They marched up - to the- hotel three
abreast, headed by their officers, and
swung into the entrance of the Union
League Club. with a three times three
cheer arid hats over their hearts. They
were enthusiastically received by the
members of the California Club..
CaliforniaClubEn
terrains Drill
Corps.
AGAIN . tjf SESSION.
At 2 t>'clock ; the encamp;nent again
went tpto session. .The Reverend John
All i. the foregoing offices bad been
filled in the regular gradation; but
the next ballot moved up Grand -Junior
Warden Frank H. Thomas of Wash
ington, D. C, to grand captain gen
eral, thus passing the posts of grand
senior and grand junior wardens. . .
Next came the election of a grand
senior warden. This Important post
has been vacant since last April by
reason of. the death of Sir Joseph
Alvah Locke of Portland, Me., and the
interest . in the selection of this offi
cer was Intense. After the ballot was
taken It 'was' found that former Grand
Standard Bearer Arthur MacArthur of
Troy, N. Y., had been elected to the
office.
The Interest of the day culminated
In the election of a grand Junior war
den. This officer had to be elected from
the floor of the. encampment and.,there
were many candidates ' for the office.
Several 1 ballots were takfn before it
was announced that W. Frank Pierce,
.the grand commander of ; the ' Grand
Commandery of California, had received
the honor. With. the announcement of
his election' a recess was declared and
the officers of the encampment ad
journed to< the banquet' hall of ; the
Golden Gate" ommandery," ¦ where they
were entertained' at luncheon. ¦ : :><'L
The nomination and election of the
officers of the encampment that are
to guide the affairs of the Knights for
the next three years was then begun.
The candidates for the high Templar
offices were formally placed in nom
ination by the various Knights and
the balloting begun. Slowly the white
slips of paper were collected and the
result was announced. Deputy Grand
Master George M. Moulton of Chic-go
was the unanimous choice of the en
campment for the office of grand mas
ter of the Templars for the next tri
ennial. :.
The next ballot elected the deputy
grand master and former Grand,Gen
eralissimo Henry W. Rugg of' Provi
dence, R. I., was elected to the office.
Grand Captain General William B.
Mellsh of Cincinnati, Ohio, upon, whom
devolved much of the work of the con
clave, was then elected to the third
highest office in Temolardom, grand
generalissimo.
PASSES TWO POSTS.
The Grand I Encampment ,of Knights
Templar of , the United States finished
the executive session ' of the. Twenty
ninth Triennial Concla^ivyeaterilay
with ". the election and confirmation "of
Us officers who are to 'serve for .the
next three years and adjourned- Ih'ihe
afternoon sine die. The ! next meetfeg
place • of the order will be at
toga Springs, N. Y., the second Tues
day in" July, 1907.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the
members of the Grand Encampment
assembled in their impressive regalia.
In attendance at the . meeting as In
vited guests of the encampment were
the Right Honorable the Earl of
Euston, Grand Master of the' Great
Priory of England, Ireland and Wales,
and other members of the English
branch of the order.
The English officers were resplend
ent in jewels and were robed in the
cardinal and black of the Order of
Malta that contrasted with the black
and gold uniforms of the officers of
the Grand Encampment. During the
morning session the Earl was made
an honorary member of the Grand En
campment of the United States amid
the impressive ceremonies of the
Knights. This is an honor that only
those who are Knights Templar can
appreciate the value of and its sig
nificance.
OFFICKKS ARE .NAMED.
Next Meeting to
i 'Be Held' at
Boston Commandery No. 2, over
¦whose refusal to march in last Tues
day's great parade there has been
much comment, will have a parade of
Its own this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.
The commandery, which Is the oldest
In Massachusetts, was to have had the
right of line under the Massachusetts
Grand Commandery In the parade, but
at the last moment orders came plac-
Icr De Molay Commandery of Boston
in the lead. This was resented by the
Boston commandery. which marched
back to its headquarters at the St.
Francis Hotel and disbanded.
The route of to-day's parade will be
from the St. Francis over Powell
street to Market and down Market to
the ferry and return. They will be pre
ceded by the commandery band.
\ jpitir.fr jiurnalists 'had an op
portunity in the evening to see
the Press Club of San Francisco,
to partake of its usual generous
hospitality and to hear its ex
cellent musicians render a select pro
gramme. It was an "open house" for
the Knights and newspaper men from
the Eastern and coast cities. The
beautiful decorations were much ad
mired by the guests.
Oakland Commandery No. 11 assist
ed in receiving the visitors t the Ferry
building, both afternoon and evening,
and acted as a special reception com
mittee during the concerts.
*
Bo&tonians Will March
Promenade concerts In the nave of
the Ferry building attracted large
crowds day and evening. The Earl
ef Euston was among those who
listened to the music in the even
ing and enjoyed it. He was received
under a canopy of American and
English flags. The combination of
colors and the sentiment they inspired
pleased him immensely.
The Chinese play at the Grand
Optra-house pieced many whb live
East of the Rockies and who do not
have their washing done at a Chinese
laundry. The novelty of the thing was
what drew the well-filled house and
afforded amusement for those to whoni
the undramatic Eide of Chinese life 1 is
unknown.
Several striking and highly interest
ing entertainments were the features
of the evening's pleasures. The flower
of socity bloomed in "all its radiance of
rocial color at the v Mark Hopkins In
stitute. No more "•brilliant reception
was on the rec<>rd for the week of
brilliant affairs. Xo nook' or corner
of the artistic ballroom, reception
rooms and banquet hall but held a
bud who was not born' to blush unseen
and waste her sweetness on the desert
air. Bohemia did homage to Miss
Flora McFlimsy and Ignored in the
general pleasantness the staid rules
that teach of things Jess genial
than Knight Templarism. In . short,
there was "one of the best times
of the week, so deliciously informal,
notwithstanding full dress and all
that," as a belle from the blue grass
country put jt.
Golden Gate Commandery was host
yesterday afternoon end evening at the
most formal and one of the most en
joyable of the. many functions ar
ranged to entertain the visiting Sir
Knights and their families. The most
picturesque event of the day's pro
gramme was the concert In the Greek
Theater at the University of Cali
fornia. Excursions to the stately peak
of Tamalpais, to the Cliff House, park,
Eutro Heights, and ocean beach and
trips around the bay served to furnish
relaxation and pleasure for great mul
titudes. The several commandery head
quarters, presented animated scenes,
notwithstanding the great heat. Many
commanderies held open house, notably
Fresno, which not only dispensed hos
pitality at Pythian Castle, but present
ed each caller with- a handsome sou
venir and a carton of raisins or other
treated fruit.
New officers of the Grand Encamp
ment of Knight* Templar have been
elected, this high body has adjourned
and naught but entertainment for the
reet of the week is before the', thou
sands of remaining visitors. Intense
interest was manifested in the -result
of the .conferences of. the Grand En
campment, -although it was pretty well;
known eome days ago who would be
likely to win honor and rank as re
sults of the election.
Trips About Bay
and Visits to
Redwoods,
Amusement in All
Its Variety for
Guests* ~
A : woman" is seldom older than a man
thinks she is. M-. . - . . " >
WASHINGTON, Sept.' 8 % — The Comptroller of
the - Currency has feaued a call if or the rendi
tion of national banks at tha close of business
en SeDteraber C
"Scenic Treasures of California." a
beautiful souvenir book'of California, for
75 cents; other* for less and some for
more. Orange.' redwood and other .good
souvenir novelties »t lowest 'prices, gan
born.,Vall,& Co., 741 Market street.- •
California Souvenirs.
The Louisville ommandery drill
corps enjoys the proud distinction bf
being not only the flrs^ to win the prize
at the drill on Wednesday, but its rec
ord for being No. 1 la somewhat re
markable." It, is the first In age, was
the first officially to enter the drill,
first to arrive in 8an Francisco, the
first company on the drill ground and
won the "first prl3e. and- its members
say they are going to repeat their vi<>
tory three years hence.
Louisville's Record.
I am *ure It Is » pleasure to all members of
the department as well ai myself that we re
ceive commendation for a duty well per
formed, rather than censure for a. duty, neg
lected- tffitrPtfiiMTMflnrtfDMT"isTi
It Is with the greatest pleasure that I con
gratulate and commend all members of th«
force who were detailed along, the line of
march of 7 the Templar parade of the 6th inst.
for the efficient manner In -which they executed
the parade orderi for that data. The police
work for the event was as sear perfect ax it
waa pottlble to havf It. . I have been the re
cipient of congratulation* and kind .words on
all . side* from visitors as well as cittern* of
our city, for the efficient manner In which the
line of march was policed and eared for.
¦ Chief Wittman issued an order yes
terday congratulating the force on the
success that attended the Knights
Templar parade. It is as follows:
Chief Wlttntan Issues Order Compll
. mentlnjr Force on Their Work.
CONGRATULATES THE* POLICE.
Commandery Promise* to Fill All De
mands for Badges at Reception. '
The Gtfand Commandery of Texas haj
prepared to give Its friends a recep
tion on Saturday afternoon and even-
Ing in suite No. 14 of the Grand Hotel.
Fruit and other refreshments will be
dispensed and all Sir Knights and
their ladies are invited to call and par
take of the hospitality.
Texas has made Itself famous with
ita unique souvenir, typical of the
Lone Star State. There has been a bis
demands for these souvenirs and the
commandery promises to supply all
applications for the badges. .
TEXAS' FAMOUS SOUVENIR.
"Ivanhoe Commandery. by special in
vitation, will witness the launching of
the new man-of-war Milwaukee to
morrow. The commandery will go in
a body under the command of their
eminent *' commander, Samuel W.
French, in full Templar costume, where
they will meet the party from their
town and State %p see the birth of the
latest of Uncle Sam's warships.
This incident, together with the com
mandery's success in winning the third
prize at the competitive drill, has made
the Wisconsonites proud of their State,
city and themselves, and ihey look
upon it as a pleasant feature of their
first 1 visit to San Francisco^
Cruiser Milwaukee Will Slide From
. Ways at Iron Works To-3Iorrow.
WILL WITNESS LAUNCHING.
Promenade concert'. .in the
nave of .the j ferry building from
8, until 12 o'clock-
Chinese play at the. Grand
Opera-house, .8:15 to 10:16
o'clock. . .
Reception'by. ladles', commit
tees at Palace Hotel.- .
' Reception by; California Com
mandery : NoJ . 1 and : other com
nianderies of 'Calif ornia. juris
diction , having headquarters . at
the Mechanics'. Pavilion. \ ,. Spe
cial programme, Mechanics' Pa
vilion. : * ..'¦:....' . "
- n Reception by Oakland , Coni
mandery' No. 1 1 ' at Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street.' ' V,
v Reception. and ball by Golden
Gate Commandery No^ 16 • to " its
members and' ladies >' ait ''Golden
Gate' Hall.
EVENING.
Special • patriotic programme
arranged by ladies of all com
mandcries located at Mechanics'
Pavilion."" "
.. Reception- by Oakland Com
mandery No. 11 nt Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, nnd at
Oakland— -Oak lu nd day.
. Reception by Golden Gate
Commandery No. 10 to visiting
f raters and ladies at Golden
Gate Hall.'
Excursions to the fortifications
on the north; side of ' tlic bay.
Boats will leave the ferry build
ing for Point Bonita' fortifica
tions at about 1 :3O o'clock. Ob
tain full information at the Cal
lfoniia ¦ Promotion Committee,
25' New Montgomery street, op
posite the' Palace' Hotel, .
. Reception . and entertainment
by ladies' committee at Palace
Hotel. •--;*• ' , . .
Oakland day- — Free excursions
to Oakland to" "attend" tlic eelc
bmtiQn of J tlic Native Sons of
the Golden West.
AFTERNOON
MOKXIXG.
PROGRAMME
OF PVFNTft
FOR TO-DAY
Vacaville Commandery No. 38 has
made its headquarters in the Me
chanics* Pavilion popular with its
fruits, which are dispensed to all
visiting Sir Knights and their friends.
The vicinity of Vacaville is famous for
delicious fruit.
Fifty crates are received each day
from Vacaville for free distribution
and 5000 cartons packed . with fruit
are given away each day to the visit
ors. The demand is so great that the
commandery has a reserve in cold
storage to' 1 give each visiting com
mandery r supply to take home. «V -/
The visitors express the highest ap
preciation of Vacaville's generosity.
Fruit to the Visitors.
Presents Thousands of Cartons of
VACAVILLE IS GENEROUS.
; The members of the club turned out
in force to give the visitors a hearty
welcome, and early in the evening they
commenced to arrive. The affair was
entirely informal and full dress was
barred under penalty. There were no
ladies present to add grace to the
evening's entertainment.
After the party had gathered in the
Jinks room of the club and the pro
gramme of the evening was under way,
a Bohemian lunch was served, together
with refreshing liquids out 'of -'cool,
deep** steins, that proved : exceptionally
good during the warm evening.'
One of the most interesting events of
the evening was the fun- furnished by
Rice and Cady when they gave one of
their typical Dutch sketches that have
captured the town at Fischer's. - •
The club provided an orchestra of six
pieces and several fine selections were
r^dered by the Press Club Quartet.
Bobby North, also of Fischer's, was in
evidence with a few selections of "coon
opera" that amused the crowd. - . .
. One speaker who addressed the gath
ering was listened to with interest. He
was C. H. Wilson, . chairman of the
press committee of the Knights Tem
plar. In a short speech that was re
ceived with much applause, he thanked
the members of the press for the work
they had done in connection with the
conclave and promised, that the
Knights would appreciate and remem
ber it:
. The announcements and introduc
tions were made by the president • of
the club. W. . C. Holloway. and it .was
owing to him and the efficient work of
the officers of the club. that the . pro
gramme passed off withput a hitch.
Captain ' W. ' G. Leale told many in
teresting stories, ! and Paul Barnes,
from the Orpheum, gave some enter
taining monologue selections. There
were violin solos by Franz Adelrnann
and * piano ' solos, by Uda ( Waldrop," a
brother of Miss Oza.Waldrop,- formerly
the ingenue, at "the Alcazar Theater,
now ' with^' the Belasco stock at Los
Angeles.
Vocal solos 'were rendered by Andre
Y. Wood, Melville Stokes of the Tlv
oli,' and "Jenkins of ; the ; Lorlng Club,
while 7 Jules '„' Mersf elder got off an in
teresting Chinese "collection.
Altogether,.', the : evenjrig , passed into
morning with! ease and rapidity, and
as.'the words of the invitation; had, It,*
"all Knights were good . Knights," but
.'good : nights' would „ be good morn
ings." 1 . ; . ¦'". v.'-V';,'"- '"".', .;. ¦"'¦
The Press Club "of 'San Francisco
gave an entertainment and Jinks last
night to 'the- members of the press
among the Knights Templar who made
the pilgrimage to San Francisco. The
programme provided was a long and
elaborate one and the comfortable
quarters of the club were brilliantly
lighted.
Though the sun beat down merciless
ly upon the pavements outside. It was
comparatively cool among the fir
branches within. the Pavilion. -.»>. ¦.'"
In the evening several couples gath
ered energy enough to dance and quits
a number followed their example. The
Juvenile band of the Masonic Home at
Decoto, composed of some of . the
youngest musicians in the world, en
tertained. the guests with music.
California Jommandery No. L flung
open its gates at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion yesterday. There was no roast
boar nor venison in the larder, . but
something very much in season, ice
cream.
California Commandery Is at Home
Day and Ni^ht.
Til HOWS OFEX PORTALS.
.The heat that has been oppressive
to most of the Sir Knights from East
and the West suited the Fresno Com
mandery, perfectly. They were hosts
at Pythian Castle for a while last
night. -:\ -.;
The Knights of Fresno have sam
ples in their headquarters of every
thing that can be made from the grap».
Thousands received packages of the
famous raisins from the "belt."
The Fresno Templar did not even
perspire. "Why thi3 is fine," all said.
"Just like the weather down home.
The climate up here is like Fresno all
over. Why you ought to plant a vine
yard out in Golden Gate Park. Hot?
Why this is cool."
Fresno Knijjhts Give Visitors Raisins
From the Grape Country.
AT HOME tN THE HEAT.
Press Club Keeps
Open House for
Writers.
The r great.. pave of the;ferry building
was thronged last night ; with hun
dreds ..who promenaded - up 'the broad
aisle and stopped betimes to partakl of
the refreshments served with prodigal
hand. At each! end- of the great hall
way bands alternately played sweet
music. The musicians were hidden be
hind-a. curtain of palms and redwood
branches. Numerically, last nigiri was
the most successful of the promenade
concerts in the ferry building. Unfor
tunately,," however^ owing to an; acci
dent, Itj-waa impossible to turn on. the
current which floods the building with
light from thousands of vari-cojbred
incandescent globes, and the ordinary
arc lights were used. The misfortune
was taken good-naturedly. by. alland a
merry evening was spent.
The committee in charge last night
consisted of J. C. Campbell, past com
mander of California Commandery;
Henry Ashcroft, past commander; C.
W. Conlisk, past grand master Cali
fornia Commandery, and H. G. Vaughn,
auditor.
Another concert will be held this
evening.
Ferry Bu j (ding's
Nave- Is Scene
of Mirth. .
The boy with the programme under
took the part of Interpreter. "Here it
is," explained he. "Seven angels who
are sisters . descend . from the stars in
the form of human beings. Pipe? There
they are."
Seven/ damsels hopscotched upon the
stage, - uttering seven squeaks. They
were- the angels. "Back to the star3
for them," said > the . boy. • "Take gap
ings at the kid with the. butterfly-pic
ture hat. If I had that face Yd stick it
on. a, fence and throw, rqckVrat it. The
book says she is. the best looking of
the lot Everybody wauta, to win her."
The Sir Knfght from . Boston ; moved
away fromf; the volunteer^information
bureau;.. i The, bOYifonqwed.blro. P~>
"Say," this stioW is the bunk," he said.
"It says that in' the end this peach of
a ahe-angel marries a -poor but honest
gny. What a chance! Why. unless a
chink owns a lottery game or a wash
house he'll never be the married kid.
Say, 111 take you to Chinatown if you
want."
But the Sir Knight from Boston had
left. '"Well, I goes and explains to
him," said the boy, "and he ain't even
Interested."
A. Chinaman in sky blue trousers
and a crazy quilt, with a pagoda on
his head, did a song and dance. The
song resembled the first efforts of a
young turkey with catarrh. It was
Greek to the Sir Knight from Boston
and he looked about for some one to
elucidate.
-A Sir,Knight from Boston sat down
in the Grand! Opera-house last night
Just as/the hammering .of the gong3
Announced the opening of the Chinese
opera- melodrama - vaudeville - ragtime
playette,' "The ) Seven Sisters."
From Boston.
Boy Tries to Interpret for a Knight
EXPLAINS CHIXESE PLAY.
The jewels of the order with which
the American Knights were decorated
consist of a cordon of scarlet ribbon
from which" Is suspended a gold and
enamel cross- and large silver and gold
embossed rosettes. These Knights ar?
the * only' onejs In America .who have
been "thus bpncred and are the only
ones in the 'world outside the Jurisdic
tion, of the. Great Priory of England on
whom the degrees have been conferred.
A beautiful- Masonic ceremony*. took
place yesterday at the_ Palace Hotel,
when Past; Grand Master Henry: "gates
Stoddard . of ; Texas; Grand Master
George H. Moulton of Chicago. 111.,
and _, Past Grand" Commander Reuben
H. Lloyd of Ban • Francisco were hon
ored-with-a special English degree by
the Right "Honorable the Earl of
Euston. ;
\ As grand master of the priory of
England. Ireland and Wales, the Earl
conferred .upon these eminent Amer
ican Templars the , greatest honor in
his power to bestow— that of Knight
Commander pf .the Holy House of the
Templar.' After '. conferring the order
the Earl decorated the recipients with
the Jewels and Insignia in the presence
of many of the , officers of the Grand
Encampment! v . . ..- .
Decorations for
Grand: 'Masters
of Order.
Confers Degrees
on Prominent
Templars. A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBERS, 1904.
ELECT I O N O F OFFICERS CONCLUDES WORK OF THE GRAND ENCAMPMENT
2
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus <& Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
2Co Branch Stores. Xo Afent*.
THE DIAMOND WEAVE
AND CROCHET STRIPE
IN THIS FALITS CLOTHS
ARE NEW ; 'FEATURES.
0 U R MODELS ALSO
APPEAL ST R0 NGLY
TO SMART -DRESSERS.
K e a r n y Street
Thu r low B 1 o ;c kYOSEMITE VALLEY.
Henry Brown and William Tabbrant,
workmen on: a building at Sixth and
Mission- streets, were \ seriously . hurt
while fitting steel girders Into their
places yesterday. The staging on. which
they were. working gave way and they
fell . five stories. One suffered broken
bones,- the other internal injuries. Tab
bant's right leg .was' broken at " the
knee, 7 arid he was badly shocked.
: -Brown escaped iwithout any broken
bones but ; Internal injuries and shock
may result In ; " his death. Both men
were treated at the Receiving Hospital.
Henry Brown and William Tabbant
Mccf With ¦Serious Injuries In. a
Building Accident.
TWO MEN FALL FROM ,
SCAFFOLDING AND ARE HURT
The whole problem is too full of In
tricacies to foresee with definlteness
when the commission may be ready to
make their report, but It is patiently
and laboriously evolving plans out of
a situation full of bewildering com
plexities,-arid when its . ideas are ma
tured it will be prepared to make pro
nouncements with definlteness and pre
cision.
The Commission of Engineers is
busily engaged in working out the in
tricate problem of the Sacramento and
San Joaquln rivers. The experts are
not making any noise, but are hard at
work. Daily sessions of the commis
sion are held at their offices in the
Flood building. In the forenoon all
interested citizens are admitted to fur
nish information and to give expression
to their views on the subject of the
matters under investigation. The lat
est audiences were given to the two
civil engineers, F. H. Harvey and d
ward F. . Haas, who came by request
of the commission. These engineers
have had special opportunities for ac
quiring particular Information respect
ing certain features of the lower Sac
ramento and San Joaquin . rivers and
their lower tributaries.
Working Out Problems That Are of
Interest to Residents of Sac
rtunento Valley.
ENGINEERS STUDYING
CONDITION OF RIVERS
In the evening hundreds of people
wended their way to Union Square
Park to enjoy the band concert Some
sought the benche3, while others
chose to promenade and extend the
hand of greeting to their friends. The
electrical illuminations were admired
by all and It was with regret that
they turned their faces hqmeward
after the last strains of music had
died away. Union Square has never
been so greatly appreciated by the
people of this city as during the pres
ent week.
Concert Jn the Square.
The Earl was invited specially to
view the gold exhibit, worth $175,000,
and which consists of four gold bricks,
one nugget and a case of nuggets and
leaf gold valued at $75,000. Colonel An
drews offered $50,000 for the case as it
Is: v The Pari3 Exposition prize nugget
is the largest. The government of
France was willing to pay $15,000 to
keep it In Paris.
The Earl expressed his admiration
and appreciation of the exhibit, as he
hurried away to his other engagements.
Pacific Commandery No. 3 of Scnora
was honored by a visit by the Earl of
Euston, accompanied by the most emi
nent grand commander of the United
States and Grand Commandery' of
ficers as escort. /.:.? : .
Views Valuable Gold Exhibit From
3Iines Near Sonora.
EARL VISITS PACIFIC NO. 3.
play, of diamonds and rare gems of
jewelry. .
A feature of the, evening was a
speech of Grand Commander Stdddard
made to. the women of California, in
which he thanked them the,hospi
tality they had ohtfWn to their visitors,
and he said that he had found them
all so charming that If he was forty
years younger he would come out to
the coast and reside in their midst.
The Governor and party arrived
shortly after 9 o'clock and the great
crowd gave way for them to gain ad
mission, and they wended their way up
to pay greetings to the hosts of the
evening. They were, closely followed
by the Earl of Euston and suite. The
Earl was the cynosure of all eyes. He
made the rounds of the long reception
committee and had a pleasant word to
say to all of the fair part of that con
tingent and, chatted. freely with the S|r
Knights of the committee. Next came
fa line of judges of the Superior Court
and then representatives of the army
and navy. ¦ :
/Refreshments were served in the din
ing hall during the entire* reception.
: In the gallery, overlooking the main
hallway another fine orchestra was sta
tioned, which alternated with the band
in the ballroom in playing selections.
. Among others. who were prominent in
assisting at the reception were: : - Mrs.
•J.-.K/C. Hobbs, Mrs? Reginald; Fairfax
Nicholson, Mrs. Walter Graves, Mrs.
W. S. Miller, Mrs. J. ; G. Spaiildlrig, Mrs.
Chester Hellwick, : Mrs: .W. ; H. ; Jordan,
Mrs. California,. Newton", Miss Anita
Gonzales, Missi Peel, Mrs.; R. Jennings,
Mrs? Thomas ; Morffew, Mrs."; Dr. Hatch,
Miss Buckingham "and Mrs. C. O. Ries
sen ~ " ' ,.V" ;[ ''. • ¦
;The gowns of the women were mag
nificent and' there !was a stunning dis-
play was a feast in itself.
The great ballroom was ablaze with
lights. Across the south wall, in bril
liant golden electric letters, were the
name and Insignia of the commandery.
Beneath this was -stationed a*n orches
tra of stringed instruments, hidden
from view by an immense bank of
golden chrysanthemums and clusters of
La France roses. In front of this
gorgeous embellishment stood the re
ception committee, consisting of P. D.
Code, commander; A. W. McKenzIe,
generalissimo; John Bennett, captain
general; \V. D. Growall, senior warden;
A. J. De Lamar, junior warden; W. H.
White, standard bearer, and J. F.
Clark, warden, assisted by Mrs. J. 'K.
Firth, Mrs. A. J. Do Lamar, Mrs. W.
L. Growall, Mrs. W. C. Sehaertzer, Mrs.
J. F. Clark, Mrs. B. B. Moore, Mrs.
C. S. Benedict, Mrs. J..W. Hoyt, Mrs.
J. C. Campbell, Mrs. John Peel, Mrs.
W. O. Gould, Mrs. J. F. Merrill, Mrs.
F. W. Summer, Miss Lea Young, Mrs.
G. D. Clark, Mrs. F. J. Rickon, Mrs.
T. . Frolich', Mrs. W. H. White, Mrs.
A. W. Mackenzie, Mrs. W. H. Jordan,
Mrs. .John Bennett, Mrs. S. J. Hendy,
Mrs. H. D. Loveland and Mrs. M. A.
Spear. .,._.'¦'-.- •
GOA'ERNOR ATTENDS FUNCTION.
; The decorations of. the institute were
carried out in magnificent • proportions.
The rarest of flowers and the most
fragrant of blossoms filled every, avail-
Able spot, "and this superb i floral dis-.
Sometimes several hundred were
compelled to wait before they could
gain admission. They camped upon
the stone fences surrounding the in
stitute* and sat upon the lawn and
many took advantage of the windows
of the Fairmoiint Hotel across the
street to view the proceedings. The
commandery had prepared for this
very, emergency and to meet its de
mands had the splendid Third Artil
lery Corps band," U. S. A., stationed
upon the lawn. Under the leadership
of Chief Musician Armand Putz a de
lightful programme of high class
music was rendered, which was vo
ciferously applauded by those In the
vicinity. ' • :
The great throng of, visitors began
arriving soon after 7:30 p. m. and
from then on until midnight a steady
stream passed Into the building
through the corner entrance and after
inspecting the' beautiful; home of art
withdrew throuarh t*"> m*1n rviU<>"-
nia-street entrance. The Immense con
course of people was adiniruu./ han
dled. While at times the great man
sion was practically packed to its very
dome, no confusion of any sort en
sued. At times the crowd arriving
was so great that temporarily the po
lice were compelled to close the doors
and keep many waiting on the out
side until room could be made within.
CRUSH WAS LARGE.
Every arrangement was complete to
the most minute detail, and the enjoy
ment of all was unalloyed.
Golden Gate Commandery has
indeed to be proud of its efforts, as the
event of last night must go down in
the history of California, as a marked
epoch in the hospitality of the Golden
State. "V.-w^;
The crowning feature of the enter
tainments that have graced the offer
ings to the visiting Knights Templar
was the magnificent reception given by
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16 at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art last
nlsht.
It was a rare occasion and 'one that
will linger long In the memory of every
one who was fortunate enough to gain
access to the spacious building. Gor
geous decorations, the splendid music
of many bands, the twinkling of thou
sands of electric lights, the galaxy of
beautiful women and the chivalry of
Sir Knighthood -was woven into a pic
ture of rare beauty.
Excellent Programme of Vocal and
Instrumental Music Is Rendered.
The ladies of Oakland Commandery
No. II again entertained In Native
Sons' Hall yesterday afternoon and
evening. During the afternoon ex
cellent instrumental music was ren
dered and in the evening a programme
of both vocal and instrumental music
delighted all present. The Earl of
Euston, Brand master of the Priory of
England and WaJes, was the chief
guest during the evening.
The following ladies received: Mrs.
W. H. Moulthrop, Mrs. Richards. Mrs.
Ferrier. Mrs. Hunt, Mrs. Carter, Mrs.
Button, Mrs. Emery, Mrs. J. A.. Park,
Miss Dalton. Mrs. P. B. Williams, Mrs.
W. E. Knowles, Mrs. Hart, Mrs. Da
kin and Mrs. Kelsey.
The following programme was ren-
Bered in the evening: * .
"HiClty of Fopultr Songs," arranged b/ Sir
¦ •
OAKLAND LADIES RECEIVE.
BERKELEY. Sept. S.— Several thou
sand Knights Templar, their ladies and
friends attended the concert which was
given ljy the University of California
s-udents this afternoon at the Greek
Theater.
Prudent Wheeler delivered a brief
address of welcome. FleprJ' to this was
made by State Senator Ross of Canton,
Mass., who is senior warden of Boston
Commandery, the oldest Knight
Templar commandery in the United
Jitalcs. Senator Ross read his address,
-vhich vras devoted to praise of the
hospitality of California and Califor
nians.
The yelling of the rooters under Yell
Leader Lewis Bulkeley •\vii3 perhaps a
feature of the entertainment that
seemed to appeal to the visitors most.
The •"rooters" occupied one of the mid
dle sections cf the theater and the
v.- orr.cn students another next to them.
Following: the addresses and yells
came ihe concert of classical music
contributed by the university orchestra,
the sr!ee club and three well-known
soloists. Under the direction of Dr.
H. J. Stewart cf Ran Francisco the fol-
I lowing; programme was carried out:
Hungarian <5arce <Brahms>. University Or
-hrxtra: "Th* S-.r.pcr's March" {Werner). Glee
' !i'b; "A CallJcrni« Ni-ht Sone (Stewart),
Mre. !». Snider- Johnson: violoncello oblicato.
!Wme. VAfj. von Orofe; "Vulcan's Song" <Gou
nmj). Thomas Rlckard; violoncello solo, "Simple
A\eu" (Tbcnre). and '-Berceuse" (Godard).
Mr.,c. Kl^a von Grofe; part songs, "Serenade"
• fV-huW.). a:»d "jj>- i_ovp sleeps" «L*yne«).
<:ie« Oub; «¦¦ lections from "Faust" (Gounod),
I'nlversity Orchestra.
The concert extended over an hour,
so that the visitors had ample time to
return to San Francisco fcr dinner and
to attend the other functions in their
henor.
The excursion steamers were gayly
decorated with American flags and ban
ners of the Masonic order. Most of
them headed toward the south arm of
the bar on leaving their docks, passed
by the Union Iron Works to Hunters
Point and returned by way of Goat
Island, ; the naval training station,
Angel Island, Sausalito, Fort Point and,
of course, Powell-street wharf. The bay
was smooth as a ballroom floor; little
wind was stirring in the morning. To
ward the afternoon there was a soft,
cool breeze in the channel and no more
perfect weather for a trip could be de
sired. The Tamalpais carried about 800
persons, a band, many good things to
eat and drinks of all kinds, from lemon
ade' to champagne.
From 12 o'clock noon to 3 o'clock the
waiting-rooms of the Key route ferries
were packed with Knights and 'ladies
bound for Berkeley to listen to the
open-air concert in the Greek Theater
of the University of California. 1 Special
trains of electric cars awaited the ar
riyarof the boats* at the "yellow pier"
arid they were certainly required to ac
commodate 'the great crowd of travel
ers. The Southern Pacific ferries' car-'
STEAMERS DECORATED.
Vallejo and Mare Island were again
on the card for special excursions. The
Union Iron Works was down on the
list of the Tamalpais' places of interest.
Fort Point and Alcatraz were not for
gotten. Belvedere was patronized
ashore and the cove looked like a race
day of the Corinthians. But the
Olympic Club boats and Corinthian
yachts were Io3t in the fleets of visiting
craft. The arks huddled together near
the short line and offered shelter for
the tired traveler! who was willing to
share their hospitality. All were wel
come and many took advantage of the
invitation, "Come aboard; we'll give
you a cool drink and a warm time."
Every craft that could get up steam
or boast of a gasoline engine was -.in
demand yesterday morning, when the
warm rays of the .forenoon sun drove
sweltering humanity to the water front.
The excursion of the steamer Tamal
pais from Clay-street dock, the trips
of launches to the cruiser New York
and the voyages of the Mosquito fleet
to the bar were attended by Templars
from East and West, and by city folk
a3 well. .Ten cents for a half hour on
the water, via the ferries route, or
half a dollar for a genuine three hours
of happiness in a launch, was pro
nounced the proper thing fora warm
day and the advocates of heat reform
were in evidence in thousands when the
ticket offices opened.
1 One of the features of to-day's pro
gramme is the proposed trip to the Astl
Vineyard, Sonoma County. Grape
growing is at its height and visitors
will be enabled to learn • something
about how California wines are made.
Permits to visit the vineyard may be
had from A. Sbarboro, at the Italian-
American Bank, corner of Montgomery
and Sacramento streets.
Those interested in making a trip
to the fortifications on the north sldo
of the bay may receive information re
garding the excursion from the Citi
zens' Committee, at 25 New Montgom
ery street. A boat will leave Sausall to
for Fort Baker and Point Bonita.
Tickets were sent to all Sir Knights
desiring to put in a few hours at the
Cliff House and Sutro Baths. In the
morning and afternoon there were band
concerts at the baths and in the after
noon a number of expert swimmers
from the Olympic Club gave exhibitions
of aauatic sports. All of the galleries
of the Cliff House and the main rooms
were crowded with visitors from early
morning until late at night. A contin
uous stream of vehicles passed and re
passed the famous resort. The main
drives of Golden Gate Park were alive
with teams and single "rigs" of all
descriptions.
About 600 persons attended the excur
sion to Santa Cruz and the 1 big trees.
The -special trains- N at Alameda mole
connected with the N boat leaving the
foot of Market street at 7:45 o'clock in
the morning. The excursion returned
at 8 o'clock in the evening. Four hours
were sr>ent at the sea beach at Santa
Cruz, where the excursionists enjoyed
a swim in the surf. A short stop was
made at Felton to enable the visitors
to see the big trees.
TICKETS FOR ALL.
vied their full contingent of excur
sionists. ¦%
R. W. Hmlth, Knickerbocker Uale' Quar
tet: Herbert Willtams. first tenor; Sir
Knight. R. W. Smith, second tsnor; D. B.
Crane, first bass; Sir Knisht L. A. Larsen,
seconl bars. Piano solo, "Rhapsodie VIII"
< Liszt t. Miss Hazel Knowles; tenor solo. Sir
R. W, Smith; "The Uttle Iinuss Band"
(Griefs). Knickerbocker Male Quartette; in
terpretation of sensa of the South Pacific by
an is'r.nd sirl. Miss Elcencr McLennan. ¦ In
troduction — Hawaiian ttcng, " # I,lke. No a LJke."
(a i ancient Tonzan none, "IV.ke. Uk«"; (b)
modern Toncan son?. "Ma Ula Ula": (c) Ton
f;an hymn?. 8a moan farewell so:ik. "Lofa Mai
Fclfni": Hawaiian song, "My Honolulu Girl,"
finale; Hawaiian songs. "Syncopated Hulu,"
Aloha.' <»c: vocal selection. "HaymaklnK"
fNetdham): Mrs. Ciarles Poulter; "Hush,
Honey" (J. Whitcomb Rlley), Knickerbocker
Male Quartette; bass solo. Sir I... A. Larson.
Golden Gate Commandery's Reception at Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art Is Brilliant Affair.""
Multitudes Enjoy Excursions on Bay
and to the Nearby Resorts.
Rooters and Concert Entertain Thou
sands in Great Greek Theater.
SCENE AT BRILLIANT FUNCTION GIVEN AT MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART BY GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY, AND WOMEN THAT RECEIVED THE DISTINGUISHED GUESTS.
THE SAX.;FRANCISCO CALL;;.. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER .9, ,1904.
ENJOYABLE SOCIAL EVENTS SPEED THE HOURS FOR THE TEMPLAR HOSTS
The saints may have the beat of it
hereafter, but the sim.ers seem to have
the' most fun here on earth.
l Of course] you have .been .unable" to
dedge the fool-man who insists on talk
ing aboutf himself .whe'n . you -want to
talk about yourself.
,'. You are /cordially invited to view the
exhibition of paintings ; " by \A.W. Best,
"Grand ' Canyon of the Colorado." Arizo
na."'in- Kennedy & Co.'s Art' Rooms,'; 10
Post street. und»r. Masonic Temple. v •
Sir Knights and Ladies.
Until October 13 the Southern Pacific will
cell round trip tickets to Yosemitd Valley
from San Francisco for ?48 50. This Includes
Pullman accommodations both ways, side rkl«
to the Marlposa Grove (the greatest of th-?
California big trees), twelve meals and threw
ntchts' lodzlnss at hotels and carriage drtTe»
to Mirror Lake. Vernal Falls. Nevada Falls
and Glacier Point. Tlcfcets isood for return
until October 19. Those who desire to stay
lonrer than the schedule time may do so by
paying- the special hotel rate of *3 a day. An
exceptionally Bne chance to visit the> most
wonderful valley In the world. Ask about It
at Southern Pacific office. 612 Market st. *
Reduced Round Trip Rates by South
ern Pacific.
3REDDING, Sept. 8.— Joe Landis, the
fourteen-year-old grandson of Joseph
Landis, got mad/ at his grandfather,
stole $8. a pistol and a bowie knife arid
ran away to this city to be a desperado.
He was arrested on the river here to
day and placed in jail. His grandfather
will prosecute him.
Child Would Be Desperado.
GIBRALTAR. Sept. 8.— The United
States cruiser' Baltimore sailed to-day
for Genoa, where she will do some pre
paratory work to starting for China
and Japan.
Cruiser Ordered to the Orient.
MARSEILLES. Sept. 8.— The com
mander-of the French mail steamship
Oceanie, on arriving at Marseilles to
day from Yokohama, complained that
his vessel was held up by four Jap
anese warships outside of Yokohama
and that she was detained and searched
for five hours.
Japanese Search French Vessel.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept- S.— The
Afro-American Stock Company, a new
departure in the way of colonization
schemes, was launched in this city, all
the members being of the African race,
who have set their faces toward the
West and propose to bring to this-sec
tion all the Southern negroes who have
the will^.and 'the price to make them
selves . independent as ranchers and
orange growers.
Negroes Will Colonize.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 8.— Thf
Novoe Vremya to-day published an ed
itorial urging the appointment of Gen
eral Kuropatkin as commander in chief
of the Russian forces in the Far East.
Evidently this was aimed at Viceroy
Alexieff, who has repeatedly been rep
resented, as interfering with Kuropat
kin's plans!
Alexieff In Growing Disfavor.
~ Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things In pic
tures and frames. Sanborn. Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Art Notes.
Japanese Estimate of Foe*» Strength.
TOKIO. Sept. S. — Revised estSmatea
of the Russian force defeated at Liao
yang place the number as follows: Oa«
hundred and eighty-four battalions of
infantry. 123 squadrons cf cavalry aad
572 guns.
RENO. Sept. 8.— Half a band of 700
eheep belonging to C. A. Estes and B.
F: Lynip. two large sheep owners who
reside in Alturas, were poisoned this
week by saltpeter. For months the
sheep and cattle men have been en
gaged in a controversy, one Intent 'on
driving the other from the_ ranges.
Several times entire bands of sheep
have been nearly wiped out of exist
ence. The last sufferers" claim they
will hunt down the guilty parties, and
strenuous times are looked forward to.
Sheep Poisoners at Work.
"Kuropatkin was beaten, but was not
routed by any means. It was thought
that the Japanese. would occupy Liao
yang immediately, but there were to be
forty-eight hours ' more of sanguinary
struggle before the withdrawal of; Ku
ropatkin." . " v
Commenting upon the foregoing, tha
Times says: ¦'- ¦• . ;.; '-.:•;
"If the Russians still put their trust
"Everywhere again the assault .had
failed. Divisional telephones told head
quarters the desperate news, but la
conic reply was made: 'Construct, re
inforce and assault again before day
break.! But the curtain had already
fallen on the first act of tbe drama.
"When shaken by the repeated at
tacks, feaxfuljor his left flank, or find-
Ing that Kuroki could be held only with
difficulty from his communications, Ku
ropatkin, who was present in person,
countenanced a general withdrawal
from the positions, and about midnight
he fell back to the third line, leaving
several prisoners . in the Japanese
hands.
twenty-four hours. All day he had
been guarding reserves upon the firing
line and this assault was but a repeti
tion of previous ones.
"Except a.t one portion of the line
there was grewsome evidence the next
morning to show how like hares in
snares the heroic infantry had strug
gled Into the barbed wire entangle
ments to die — how, blundering In the
darkness, sections had thrown them
selves down yards from the firing lines
of muzzles, whose flashes marked the
goal th.ey were never to win; but the
first battalion of the Thirty-fourth
Regiment, which for forty-eight hours
had been lying in scrub at the foot of
the green glacis on the center hill,
broke through the entanglements and.
In spite of a flanking fire, which swept
away jrroup after group, had enough
endurance to reach the first trench.
What happened there no one knows,
but in the morning when we viewed
the positions Russians and Japanese
were lying intermingled waist deep In
the ditch, while from parapet to en
tanglements, perhaps for 150 yards, a
thick trail of prostrate khaki told a tale
ho joen can describe.
TvUROPATKIN FALLS BACK.
eral months she has been shadowed by
a corpulent man with thin lower lirabs
and a gold eye tooth. She sayj the
stocks were in a valise In .her room.
When she went down to dinner the
room had been entered and the papers
abstracted, i --;%.¦
In lntrenchments, they have learned at
all events how to construct them with
telling effect. Their artillery also seems
to have been successfully handled. Our
correspondent declares in 6o many
words that the Russian tactics as a
whole were a revelation, for which Oku
had to pay dearly: yet the history of
the .war thus far. or, Indeed, that of
any'other war. hardly records anything
more heroic than the triple advance of
Oku's infantry against most appalling
obstacles."
VLADIVOSTOK, Sept. 3.— Ylc« AcU
miral Skrydloff has recerred, a letter
from Lieutenant Thompson, professed
ly writing In behalf of tha enstoa
house officials of Madia, expressing
sympathy with the admiral la thsj
losses sustained by the VladiroctoK
squadron and admiration of the fight
of the Russian cruisers Karleta »-nd
Variag off Chemulpo at th» opestaff o2
the war. The letter Is written ta f»tg
Russian.
Lieutenant Thompson "Butts la,"
MUKDEN, Wednesday, Sept. 7
(night). — The fighting has ceased and
the Russian transport and army are
moving without Interruptions. There Is
much uncertainty concerning the
movements and purposes of the Japa
nese. It is impossible to say definitely
yet whether there will be another bat
tle here or farther north. General
Kuropatkin evidently is not seeking to
renew the battle, but if challenged, he
will not decline an engagement.
Ktiropalkin'a Army Continues Its Re
treat Unmolested.
JAPANESE CEASE ATTACKS.
CHEFU. Eept. 8.— The Russian dry
dock at Pert Dalny has been repaired
e«J a Japanese tcrpedo-boat destroyer
is now undergoing: repairs there. The
Japanese raised the vessel, which had
been yunk at the entrance of the dry
dock b7 the Russians when they evac
uated Port Dalny, and they recently
discovered the gate of the dock, also
r^ink by the Russians. With this in
their possession the dock was speedily
m»de effective.
Japanese Repair Russian Dock.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept- 8.-A dis
patch from General Kuropatkin. timed
S;29 o'clock yesterday evening, was re
ceived last night. He reported that
General Kurokl's army was about
twenty-seven miles eastward of the
railroad and that General Oku's army
was twenty miles west of the railroad.
The general staff expects that a big
battle wCl b« focght-
Affiong other report* sent by Russian
correspondents is one to the effect
tfcat during a certain fight below Liao
yarg a regiment of Japanese infantry
charged oae cf its own trenches, bayo
neting a number of Japanese before the
mistake was discovered. .'
Russian General Staff Looks for a
Renewal of the Fighting.
BIG BATTLE EXPECTED.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 8.— Th*
question of contraband of war. as con
tained in the American and British
notes, was presented to the Emperor
yesterday by the commission which
has been considering the subject. For
eign Minister Lamsdorff, who through
out has been favorable to the Amer
ican and British contentions, mada &
strong argument In support of his po
slon and was warmly seconded by-
Muravieff. Minister of Justice. Aa
opinion by Professor de Maarteaa,
professor of International law at tha
University of St. Petersburg, also fa
vorable, was presented.
No decision was reached, bnt the Ess*
peror plainly manifested his sympathy
with Count LamsdorfTs Tlsw. and. at
the conclusion of the aadlesee. mgej
the advisability of a prompt decision,
Amicable Adjustment.
Contraband Question Is Nearlnz an
CZAR FAVORS XMEBXCXS VIEW.
CHEFU, Friday, Sept. ».— The Port
Arthur Nova Krai of August 30 gives
some details of the recent fighting in
front of the beleaguered fortress. At 6
o'clock on the morning of August VI.
during a severe attack., Colonel Kbik
qff, commanding: the -Fourteenth regi
ment, ordered a detachment to, remove
the dead and care for the .wounded
near an unnamed. fort on the east flank.
When within rifle distance of the Japa
nese the Russians hoisted a Red Cross
flag. The Japanese gave Inviting signs
with their caps, whereupop the Rus
sians, thinking that all was well, con
tinued forward. However, . when the
detachment had reached the dead the
Japanese opened flre upon it, fatally
wounding a petty officer. The Russian
detachment, thereupon retired.
Captain Spanoff. who commanded the
detachment, believing that the Japa
nese had mistakenly fired and seeing
the further beckoning signs by the
Japanese, ordered the detachment out
a second time. The Red Cross flag was
again hoisted, but the Japanese again
fired and wounded one private. The de
tachment again retired and the attempt
to remove the dead was abandoned. •
On August 27 there v was a little fight
ing on the west flank. The Japanese
had two companies Intrenched at
Shlatsiatung. The Russian artillery
opened a Eevere fire upon them and dis
mounted two of their guns, but the
Japanese held their position.
Garrison Accuses Besiegers of Violat
ing the Red Cross Flag.
D.ETAILS OF LATE FIGHTING.
In place of endeavoring to follow
the minute progress of the campaign,
this mcrring's newspapers somewhat
hcpelessiy devote editorials preparing
the English public to be witnesses that
thf- war will be longer drawn out and
mere terrible in every respect than
any within recent centuries.
The Daily Telegraph believes that
General Kuropatkin. "owing to the
peril of his rear guard or the pros
tration cf his troops, has paused in his
retreat and turned for battle," while
th# Standard believes that a battle Is
now in progress.
that have emanated from Tokio or St.
Petersburg declaring that neither the
Japanese nor the Russians will ever
gfve in.
¦under conditions considered here to be
prohibitive, hes done more to convince
the English press of the desperate
character of the struggle being waged
'.n the Fzr East than all the dispatches
LONDON. Sept. ?. — What is termed
"Japan's impenetrable silence" reduces
Er.gUsh comment on the events at the
Fteat of war to a minimum. As dis-
P*tches from St. Petersburg have con
ucuously pointed out. every initiative
new lies with the Japanese.
The fanatical disregard for death
displayed on both sides and the ability
ti/ keep an army in bein*» either from
an offensive or defensive point of view.
British Prr-s Brlieve* It Will Be the
Slost Terrible in Centurie*.
PREDICTS A LONG WAR.
Japanese Warships Probably Shoot
ins &* Chinese Junks.
WEIHAIWEI. Sept. 8.— Firing at sea
was heard here last night. Vessels
which went out to Investigate report
that the Cashes of the guns were plain
ly visible. They were unable, how
ever, to ascertain whether the Japa
nese were firing upon Russian ships
which had escaped from Port Arthur
or upon Chinese junks. The activity
of the Japanese in catching JxxnkJ
makes the latter supposition the more
probable. Eighteen junks have been
captured by the Japanese during the
last few days.
A British shir> *?as among those
which Investigated. She reports that
seven shirs were engaged in the can
nonade and they steamed away and
disappeared upon the appearance of the
British vessel.
FIRING OFF WEIHAIWE1.
CHEFU, Sept- 8.— Chinese who left
Port Arthur on Monday arrived here
to-day. They report that severe fight
ing occurred on September 3. The
Japanese attacked cej-tain positions on
GARRISON REPELS ATTACK.
¦ On the nights of August 26 and 27 a
similar disaster befell the Japanese
near Redoubt No. 2, but no details have
been ascertained.
The foregoing information is con
tained in a small sheet issued on Sep
tember 3 by the Port Arthur Nova
Krai, a breakage in the press having
made it impossible to issue a full edi
tion. A Chinese .rriving here at mid
night confirms the story ,to the extent
of saying that he heard a report that
many Japanese had been killed by a
mine, but he did not learn the de
tails.
AWFUL DEATH OF HUNDREDS.
The force of the explosion knocked
a number of Russians down and the
sight of Japanese rifles, water bottles,
legs "and arms hurtling* through the
lighted space range of the search
light -was an 'awful spectacle. Some
rocks landed Inside the Russian lines.
There was one appalling moment,
during which the garrison Itself was
stunned— then a- deathlike silence. The
searchlight coldly lighted up the road
and hillsides, strewn with dead.
The following day the Russians
buried the dead, but owing to their
dismembered and mutilated condition
they were unable to accurately esti
mate the number of killed. A few Japa
nese escaped.
The indications of Japanese activity
in this vicinity put the Russians on
guard. Near midnight the outposts
rushed in and reported that the Japa
nese were approaching. The Russians
withheld their flre for some time. Sud
denly they threw a searchlight up the
valley.
The Japanese opened with a rifle fire.
The Russians continued to wait until
apparently the whole Japanese column
was in the danger' sone. Then the
mine was exploded.
- CHEFU, Friday, Sept. 9, 1:30 a. m.—
A Japanese column numbering ap
proximately 700 men. while marching
along at night on a road in the valley
between Long Hill and Dlviiion Hill,
near Port Arthur, met with a frightful
disaster through the explosion of an
electric land mine on September 1.
The mine was carefully laid by the
Russians three weeks. ago. It covered
nearly a mile of available marching
space. The explosive was placed at
the bottom. Rocks were placed next
and on top of these clay was packed
so carefully that the ground gave the
impression of not having been dis
turbed.
the east and west of the works and
the Russians allowed them to approach
to within a short distance, when they
opened a heavy flre and compelled the
Japanese to retreat after three hours'
fighting. An Incident of the engager
ment was a clash between Japanese
and Russian regiments of cavalry, re
sulting in th« retreat of the former.
Apparently well-informed Japanese,
who reached Chefu from Port Dalny
to-day, report that the Japanese army
before Port Arthur is preparing to
make another assault on the fortress.
Japanese agents here are sending to
Port Dalny 70,000 gunnysacks and en
deavoring to procure 60,000 more. It is
reported that these sacks are to be
filled with sand and used to fill up por
tions of the moat protecting the Rus
sian right flank.
The Chinese report that the Russians
are paying SO cents each for unex
ploded shells manufactured for use dur
ing the Chinese-Japanese war. The
persistency of this report during the
past two weeks entitles It to considera
tion as indicating a shortage of large
ammunition at Port Arthur.
The last copy of ..the Nova Krai
which- has reached here shows evidence
of an Increasing severity of the Rus
sian censorship. Although it mentions
that the Japanese have occupied new
positions It does not tell how they won
them.
Chinese report that oats and straw
for the Japanese horses are getting
scarce. The Japanese ammunition de
pot at Lltungau has been ; destroyed
by Russian shells."
From August 27 to August 29 the
Russians buried under a severe fire
700 decomposing Japanese bodies on
the northeast front, in order to pre
vent a pestilence. ?
A letter reaching Chefu from Port
Arthur says that the Russians axe dis
tilling sea water, as the Japanese have
cut off the reservoirs In the Etzshan
hills. \v -
It was observed by the Russians that
the Japanese were building a battery
to the left of Orphan Mountain. At 8
o'clock batteries were posted on this
position by the Japanese and firing was
begun. The firing was directed chiefly
against Kurgan fort. All night the
Japanese bombarded along the whole
east front, directing their flre against
the roads behind the batteries, with the
evident Intention of ? destroying the
roadway by which guns can be re
moved in case the Russians are driven
from the forts.
During August 2? a peculiar contrast
to the warlike proceedings on the east
flank was presented on the west flank
by the Chinese, who bad resumed work
in the fields as though war did not ex
ist. - -The Chinese, who have grown ac
customed to the 'firing, paid no atten
tion to the Russian fire, which was
directed nearly altogether from a bat
tery northwest of Division. hill. There
was no fighting on the west flank on
the night of August 28.
At 5 o'clock In .the morning of Au
gust 29 the Russians posted on a high
mountain opened .flre .on the. Japanese
¦ concealed- in the corner- of -a MIL-- The
'Japanese Immediately scattered. s .' '
1 -Chinese . report the ..death- at Chao
'Chanko " of ' an active and -! intelligent
Japanese general, but the Novt^rai
was unable to learn the general's name.
The Japanese control Pallchuang, but
only small Detachments are seen there
at dawn each morning. They appar
ently occupy the place merely as a
night outpost. x
At 9 o'clock on the morning of Au
gust 28 the Japanese bombarded Fort
No. 22 on the east flank, using field
batteries posted at the left of Eagle
Nest hill. The Japanese batteries were
well .scattered and hidden and fre
quently fired i on Eagle Nest hill and
Rocky hUL At 3 o'clock in the after
noon the Japanese shelled .Battery
No. 3. »
Frightful Slaughter of a Japanese Column Moving at Night to Assail
General Stoessel's Garrison/
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 8.— Two
Japanese cruisers bombarded Kor
eakovsk. island of Saghallea. yester
day, and fired torpedoes at the sxxakea
cruiser Novik. No attempt was mads
to land. Korsakovsk Is defended by
coast batteries.
LJeuteaant-Geseral UaopovnaZ. Mil
itary Governor cf the H?anf1 of 8a*
hallen. in a dispatch to the Emperor,
dated yesterday, has transmitted the
report of the commander of tha gar
risen of KorsakOTSk, on the visit of
Japanese vessels to that place on Tues
day, as follows:
"At 6 a. m. the smoke of steamers
was observed at sea and the troops
were prepared for action. Two Japa
nese transports of €00 toss each an
chored eight versta oat asd two
launches were lowered and proceeded
to the Novik. At 13:15 the order was
given to flre volleys at the Japanese en
board the Novik and In the la.ns.cbea.
This firing was so successful that tha
deck of the Novik was cleared asd tbe
launches returned to the transports.
The enemy returned the Russian fire,
but no damage was done. At 12:45
p. m. the transports put to sea.
"The commander cf the garrison
went en beard the Novik and found a
number of rlfies and same •wires con
nected with mines. The wires were
cut and nine mines in different parts
of the ship were removed-**
1 ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. ?. 2:1*
a. si.— Besides the formation of two
fresh errsy corps as the first answer
to the Japasese success at Liaoyang
the Russian er=y at the front will be
reorganized, probably ,!n the form of
two armies, ia command of General
Licevltch axd General Barcn Kaul
bars. respectively, with General Kuro
patkin as commander in chief. Gen
eral Kaulbars will go out with the
two army corpe now organizing in the
Governments of Kazan, Odessa, Vilna
and Kieff. General Linevitch has been
ordered by telegraph from Vladivostok
to Mukden. This decision is due in part,
doubtless, to the growing unwieldlness
of the big force under General Kuro
patkin's command, which will be large
ly increased by reinforcements.
General Kuropatkln heretofore has
handled every detail of the vast organ
ization. Tbe work is tco much for on«
rcaa. however, and he is now almost
broken down under the strain. It is
krown that the Emperor is personally
one c' Kuropatkin's strongest support
ers ard the general, in all probability,
will retain chief command of the two
armies. . Kuropatkin, howe\'er. has
been seriously criticized by some of the
Emperors clo*e military advisers, and
z: is possible that he may eventually be
superseded. '
There is little information from the
front to-night- A dispatch from Muk
den, bearing Thursday's date, repeats
the story of bad reads, which have
hampered the transports, and intimates
tiAt there is an Intercepting movement
toward Tiding.
It is understood that the Emperor*
inspection cf the Baltic fleet at Jvron
stadt to-day is the last he will make
end that the fieet. when it leaves
Libau, will proceed to the Far East.
ST. PETRESBURG. Sept. 8.— A Rus
sian correspondent of the Associated
Press, hi a graphic description of the
fighting at Liaoyang, says:
"Only the Russian soldiers* tradi
tional splendid Qualities enabled then
to support the terrible conditions, of
which the lack of sleep was the most
unbearable. The Japanese availed
themselves to the- utmost of rain and
darkness and did not cease fighting,
their night attacks testing Russian en
durance severely. , The Japanese suf
fered terribly, but made light of their
losses. They continually drafted fresh
reserves into, the ranks to replace the
worn-out men.
"Indeed, jbe numerical superiority of
the Japanese Is astounding and incom
prehensible, for, after losing enough
men at Port Arthur and elsewhere to
form a perfect army, their, effective
strength appears only to increase, and
they still are concentrating fresh
bodies of troops on the L4ao River.
"The battlefield was a perfect in
ferno. Genera] Stakelberg was wound
ed, but, . defying j death,, he remained
immovable at bis post throughout the
day, regardless of the rain of shot and
shell around him. Several officers of
his staff were killed or wounded. In
the evening General Stakelberg noti
fied General Kuropatkin that he could
hold the position or take the offensive
if necessary.
"Among the incidents of the day was
the slaughter of two Japanese battal
ions which were pursued through the
Chinese corn and grain to Saitsa and
surrounded by the Russians. They
resolutely refused to accept quarter,
preferring death.
"In another part of the field the Jap
anese shelled and captured by assault
one of the Russian trenches, only to
find too late that it had been aban
doned by the . Russians and occupied
by their comrades. They fell upon the
prostrate bodies and flooded them with
tears.
"In one case a party of Japanese
officers found a body of their men re
tiring in disorder and drove them back
to the battlefield at the point of the
sword.' -.•--(
"The Russian -frontier guards -died at
.their, posts, refusing to surrender. It
was the anniversary of the creation of
their regiment, which they had cele
brated the previous night. . They lost
a large proportion of their officers.
""At many points the combatants
stoned one another.
"Of late the Russians have learned
to mask their batteries more effectively
and thus have gained a sensible ad
vantage over the Japanese. The Rus
sians worship their guns. General
Kuropatkin's admonition is: 'Soldiers,
die for your guns as you would for
your flag!'
"The pits which the Russians had
dug in the Chinese corn and the .grass
were filled with Japanese corpses,
which were trodden over by their
comrades. The ground was so thickly
strewn with bodies in one fight that
the Japanese raised a white flag and
sought permission to bury their dead,
but this was refused. The air became
polluted with the stench.
"The Russian evacuation of the forts
and entrenchment? was carried put
without loss. The troops cr. the
river on pontoon and railway bridges
in perfect order.-
"The Russian tactics at Liaoyang
were a revelation, for which Oku had to
pay dearly."
Describing the failure of some of the
Japanese infantry attacks, the corre
spondent says:
"The Japanese art of war counsels
persistence and they have material
that can be persistent. Despite the
failure of the first attack on the 30th,
the cold gray of the morning wit
nessed another scene of slaughter on
the Russian right as the defend
ers again hurled back the attack. The
Japanese deserved success, but an en
fiiading fire swept each rush before
the men could even lay hands on the
entanglements."
OKU ORDERS THIRD ASSAULT.
Graphically picturing the ebb and
row of the conflict on August 31, the
correspondent continues:
"Oku/, was growing desperate.
From the position . of the Fifth Divi
sion it was evident that the Tenth Di
vision and Kuroki were making, no
headway, so Oku determined upon the
tl-ird general asault on that, night.
Just think of it— a third asault' In
j "That evening the remaining Rus
sians in the trenches still kept the
Japanese at bay, but the iron-minded
Oku. little reckoning that his fierce
assaults had already cost close upon
20.090 men, determined upon a final
enveloping on this stubborn rear guard.
The last reserves were pushed in and
at 3 o'clock in the morning, after five
days of the most severe fighting the
world has seen since the American
Civil War, the Japanese army seized
the railway bridge and was in occupa
tion'of Liaoyang."
Tbe corresiKjndent adds:
"No resource known to modern en
gineering for field work had been over
looked. It was evident at the outset
that . Oku's previous successes had
caused him to despise the staying pow
ers of the enemy, for without waiting
for adequate preparations he pushed
his infantry down to the limit of the
standing crops, which had not come
under the Russians' precautionary
sickles.
LIAOYANG CAPTURED.
"We had evidence that Liaoyang
would be abandoned, but it seemed
certain that,- though defeated and
forced by superior numbers and su
perior artillery, and to some extent by
superior troops, Kuropatkin had in
turn defeated Japanese strategy, for,
as far as we could learn or judge by
the direction of the fire, Kuroki was
still fighting to get astride the Rus
sian communications.
•"The casualties of the Japanese in
five divisions, at the lowest compila
tion, were not less than 10,000 and
there were probably many more, for,
owing to the crops of millet, many of
the wounded have not been found and
they must have died miserably, while
many bodies will never be found until
the crops are cut.
"It is impossible to estimate the
Russian losses, which probably were
half those of the Japanese. It must
be remembered that my estimate of
the latter does not include the Tenth
Division of Kurokl's army."
The correspondent refers to one of
Oku's artillery attacks as one of the
most severe concentrated artillery
fires the world has ever seen. Every
gun belonging to two of the Japanese
corps was trained in rapid fire on the
left of Kuropatkin's position. The
correspondent says:
'"It was a magnificent and withal
an awe-inspiring spectacle. The Rus
sian go-downs were set on fire, as were
the station buildings, and nothing
could live under the attack. The end
of the Russian resistance had come,
and the Japanese gunners rested from
the devastation and slaughter, "when
suddenly, out of the midst of the
smoke and murky dust left from the
reeking shrapnel, came counter flashes
from two or three Russian batteries.
One was almost inclined to cheer, but
it seemed that it was their last ef
fort — a magnificent farewell to the
enemy whom they had balked for so
long. !
"I will not dwell upon the sickening
and harrowing sights of the battle
field, except to mention one incident:
The Japanese stonners had penetrated
the highest trench and had overpow
ered the Cossacks holding it, but Rus
sians from a splinter-proo* shelter be
hind had fallen with their bayonets on
the gallant Japanese in the moment of
their success and the bodies of both
Japanese and Cossacks were piled thick
upon each other in a hideous heap.
ENORMOUS CASUALTIES.
"The general impression was that we
had only to advance and occupy the
town, but Generals Nodru's and Oku's
armies required a day's rest. In fifty
hours Oku had made four general as
saults, which had failed, and we had
subsisted through the Inclement weath
er on rations carried on the person,
while reserve ammunition required re
plenishing.
•The Russians had fallen back in
good order, taking with them every
thing except some -00 of their latest
dead, while the only prisoners to fall
into the hands of the Japanese were
geven men who were entombed in an
observation mine casemate on a brush
covered hill. A Japanese storming
party had piled sandbags over the edi
fice of the casemate. It was ah extra
ordinary incident, for the entombed
Russians had ehot two officers who
wished to parley with them and
eventually surrendered thirty-six hours
later, in a horrible state.
LONDON. Sept. 9.— The Times' cor
respondent with the Japanese left army
sends a long narrative of the battle of
Liaoyang. Describing the operations of
September 1. he says:
Czar's Forces Will Be
Divided Into Two
Great Units.
Fire Torpedoes at the
Sunken Cruiser
Novik.
Thousands Fall in
Each Charge by
J 3. pa l icotf
Tragic Incident of
the Engagement
at Liaoyang.
General Kuropatkin
May Be Relieved
of Command.
Japanese Ships Bom
bard the Sagha
lien Port.
Accept No Quarter
When Surrounded
r^ ;* by Russians.
Liaoyang blaugnter
Greatest Since
Civil War.
BERLIN. Sept. 8. — Colonel Gaedke, war correspondent of the Berlin Tageblatt, telegraphs that Mukdeii
was still held by the Russians this morning.
-MUKDEN. Sept. 8. — The terrible rains hinder the movements of both armies, bnt there is an intercept
ins movement toward Tiehling, north of Mukden.
LONDON*. Sept. 8. — A dispatch to the Morning Leader from Tientsin says it is reported in Newchwang
t hai General Kuropatkin was severely wounded at Liaoyang .
t LONDON, Sept. 8. — A dispatch to the Central News from St. Petersburg gays a rumor comes from Muk
den that General Kuroki has been killed. The rumor is not credited. ¦ - "*
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 8. — The best information of the .War Office indicates that General Kuropatkin
lost about 17,000 men during the ten days* battle at Liaoyang. General Kuropatkin reports that he did not lose
a gun daring 1 the retreat. »
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 9, 6:15 a. m. — The appointment of Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky as Minister of the
Interior, in succession to the late Von Plchu e. is gazetted in the Official Messenger this morning. MU selection
means a k sweeping change in the internal policy.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. ».— By an imperial edict Captain Wlrenius, commander of the cruiser Bayan,
who it has been reported is to replace Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky in command of the Port Arthur squad
ron, is promoted to the rank of rear admiral. ' ¦'.£;
MARSEILLES, Sept. 8.— The commander of the French mall steamship Oceanic, on arriving at Mar
seilles to-day from Yokohama, complained that his vessel was held up by four Japanese warships outside of
Yokohama and that she was detained and searched for fire hoars.
MUKDEN, Wednesday, Sept. 7.— The Russo-Chinese Bank at Mukden has been closed and the civil au
thorities are preparing to leave. * -^ ' r <
MANCHURIAN
ARMY TO BE
REORGANIZED
DEAD PILED
IN HEAPS ON
THE FIELD
KORSAKOVSK
SHELLED BY
WAR CRAFT
BROWN MEN
REFUSE TO
SURRENDER
LATEST SPECIAL DISPATCHES FROM THE SEAT OF WAR.
EXPLOSION OF LAND MINE ANNIHILATES FORCE ATTACKING PORT ARTHUR
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1904
. Too ¦*; many people waste their time
sitting, on the political /fence waiting
for the band wagon. to come alonjr. ¦
For vliitori to the > World"! FaJr to «e? tha
East. Reduced rate* to New York and other
Eastern cltiea *re now la effect via the Penn
sylvania -Unea throuch either Chicago or - Et,
Louis. Tickets to New York aad Philadelphia
are rood .via. . Washing toe. allowing- ten days
at- the national capital. Stopovers are also
allowed at BalUrncr* -and Philadelphia. Per
particulars ask E. M. Pomerojr. P. C A. 621
Market street. San . Francltco. :-.-•.;-¦
An Excellent Opportunity.
ager of the Nome Tundra Fuel Com
pany of Nome. Alaska. Washington,
D. C.,' arid Worcester.: Mas*., according
to her card, spread about the corridors
of the Hotel Portland": to T hight. '
'Miss Walton- declares that'" for sev-
Claims She Was Robbed of Stocks
and Bonds Valued at
- * i $25,000. !
PORTLAND. Seitf. 8.— That she had
been robbed of $25,000 worth of bonds
and mining stock was the alarm. which
Miss Lena S. Walton, general man-
LENA WAI/TON RAISES
AN* ALARM IN HOTEL
4
e oooooe«o«oooeeoooeooooooooooe
\ Conclave /
r^^s£* >< i
5 /M: The I
| Price /[Call's Daily \ Pricej
• **** \\ neporio jj •
? - \\ of ta« *xm\ coaclav // •
5 ' W. wUl be complete // ©
• N^>v aad nliihU. •
• - • e e e **£ % * # *#^ ak •
© *••• "'/ Send yonr friends \ *•••- •
£•• o? a copy daily and they \
will be as well posted %
f as if they were here \
/attending the Conclave. %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUNBURN
quickly relieved and sorely cured by
It sets l&e tssgic aad is ibso'ctely
hirm'-es*. A Trial Bottle Tt—
»r.:r»i tri'1 absolutely prov* ibitsute-
fnent f-nt for roc. to pay postage
Don't W»H natil >©n have a bad case
bet get it now and have it at hand
Sold by Ioadlna druggists.
None genuine without aiy stgnstBr*.
\ «io Prince Street. New York.
&¦*< far tr— Bw>klH**Bew ta t**at tlwia,"
wa*rrtz\<*tr*.Attorney's Wife Boisterous.
SHORT ] HILLS; N. J., Sept. 8.— In
the national ' amateur golf , champion
ship ."tournament to-day Walter J.
Travis ' was \ defeated by George ¦ , A.
Ormistoh • of Pittsburg by 3 up and
1 to play. H. Chandler Egan of Chi
cago won both of his .matches to-day,
A. .W.;TiHinghast of Philadel
phia-inHhe early round >• and M. Mc-
Burhey ;*of Stbckbridge in ;the , after
ncon; round. . F. \ C. ; Newton : of < Seattle
'was defeated ' by i Max Behr of 1 Morris
County.
Golfer Travis Defeated.
Chosen by Montana Republicans to
Hend Their Ticket. ; /
IJNDSAY IS ;NO3nXATED.
BILLINGS, ' Mont., Sept. i 8.— The
.Republican _convention adjourned » to"-'
night -after nominating" the t following
State ticket: ; GoyeVnor, William Lind
say; -Lieutenant 'Governor;' Ernest* W.
Parry Goes to Hospital.
Fire Commissioner Parry was forced
to go to St.* Luke's Hospital yesterday
to take treatment for blood poison,
which he contracted a few weeks ago
while rusticating at Harbin Springs.
Intense Heat Kills Child.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 8.-The infant child
of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Casagleno of
the Montebello district, where the large
forest fires are raging, died yesterday
from the intense heat of the burning
v.oou*. It was but twenty days old.
Ciood Points to Remember.
We are soiling: agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for "The Marshall." the best $1 fountain
pen ever. made. San born. Vail &. Co., 741
ucrkel street. *
. PORTLAND, Sept. 8.— The body of
Professor Theophil Brugger, late' in
structor, at . the Portland High School,
was recovered by .'Indians yesterday
in ' the Lewis River at a point where
he had attempted to cross on his way
from Gresham.'to the ranch of his
brother I at Woodlawn, Wash. The
body,- had been in the water' since he
disappeared two weeks ago,' at which
time his horse, ; saddle and bridle were
found near the Lewis River ford. . Pro
fessor Brugger was a graduate of the
University of Nebraska.
Educator's Body Found.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt.,
Sept. 8.— Practically, complete returns
for State Representatives show that
the next Vermont House* of Repre
sentatives will contain 201 Republicans,
30 Democrats and 3 Independents, i Last
year the Democrats had 50 members In
the" House. •; ¦¦-•¦:¦ . '
Only Thirty Democrats Will Represent
Party. In Legislature..
VERMONT REPUBLICAXS GAIX.
George Niche, 149 Tehama street,
fell from a Tenth-street car last night
and ' sustained severe Injuries about
the head and body. He was removed
to the Emergency Hospital for treat
ment. :;^v-
Falls From a Car.
ROCK SPRINGS, Wyo., Sept: 8.—
Former Governor John E. Osborn' of
Rawllns was nominated for Governor
by ' acclamation ' by the Democratic
State Convention ¦ this afternoon amid
great enthusiasm. The remainder of
the ticket nominated is as follows:
For Congress, T. S. Taliaferro^ of Rock
Springs; * State Treasurer, H. C. Alger
of Sheridan; Judge of N the " Supreme
Court, S. T." Corn of Cheyenne. '
' J. ' C. Hamma' of Evanston was
chosen- chairman of the State 7 Central
Committee. -'..'''¦' - : :'-'"*. ,
Nominated for Governor by the Demo
, crats of Wyoming. ii'.*?£
OSBORN HEADS TICKET.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Sept. 8. — Two
world's records were broken at the
New York j State Fair race meet this
afternoon. Miss Phelps of Troy drove
the gelding Albert, 2:04%, a mile in
2:05%, establishing new figures for a
pacer with woman driver. Accom
panied by a runner, he went the quar
ter in :31}4, the half in 1:04, the
three-quarters in l:33?i and the mile
in 2:05%.
The yearling colt Paul D. Kelly,
owned by U. G. Smith of Glens Falls,
paced a mile in 2:20%, equaling the
fastest time ever made by a yearling
pacer and .beating the world's record
of 2:22, which has stood since 1893.
The fractional times . follow — :34 *i,
1:04, 1:45, 2:20%.
Fair Reinswoman Drives the Pacer
a Circuit of the Syracuse -
Track in 2:05^.
MISS PHELPS OP TROY SENDS
ALBERT A RECORD MILE
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 8.— A fisher
man en route to market, while passing
the Long pier near Santa Monica yes
terday, discovered the body of a well
dressed woman in the surf. He dragged
it ashore and it was taken to Santa
Monica. The body was that of an un
usually handsome woman, under 30,
<;Iad in fine raiment and wearing con
siderable jewelry. To-day the body was
Identified as that of Miss Amelia Ger
inundson of Los Angeles.
Th* woman ivaa a native of Sweden
nnd in hor childhood played with and
loved her cousin, Emll Llnd, now a
ladies' tailor of this city.
Lind married in this country and
after a few years his wife died, leaving
him two children. After a year or two
his pretty cousin came to Los Angeles
to take care of his children and here
the old, love again asserted itself. They
v. ere to be married next month. Re
cently Llnd became very ill and the
young woman sat up with him night
after night, refusing to leave his bed
side. She disappeared one night and
Lir.d became alarmed. To-day he re
ceived a letter from her stating that
h«_- wou'.d find her body in the ocean.
Talented Swedish Girl Ends Her
Life in the Ocean at Santa
Monica.
LEAPS INTO SEA WHILE
IXSAXE AND IS DROWXED
NEW TORK, Sept. 8. — In all proba
bility Henrj»W. Taft will be the Re
publican nominee for Governor, if he
will accept, and Taft now has the
question under consideration in Can
ada, where he Is spending his vaca
tion. He w411 not be chosen without
a 1 contest, which will be" precipitated
by Timothy L. Woodruff If he can hold
the support of Senator T. C. Platt
Woodruff took ¦ alarm to-day over
the news that . strong consideration
was. being given qualifications of Taft
and he was very active in gathering
support and preparing himself for the
fray. -\ ..'. f',' .
HENRY W. TAFT FAVORED.
May Be the Choice of Xcw York Re
publicans for Governor.
The excessive heat yesterday was
the cause of one death. J. Peterson, an
employe in a commission-house at
Druxnm and Washington streets, was
removed to the Harbor Hospital at 5:30
o'clock. An hour later he was dead.
The stricken man was attended by
Drs. Pawlickl and Pinkham and every
thing known to medical science was
done to relieve his suffering. Peterson
had been working hard the entire day
and just before closing time fell uncon
scious on the sidewalk. The .Harbor
Hospital ambulance was quickly sum
moned and the injured man taken to
the water-front relief station. He
never regained consciousness and
passed away without \ knowing what
was the matter with him.
Peterson's death Is one of the very
few deaths ever recorded in this city
from heatstroke. He was 25 years old
and a member of the Sailors' Union,
but was working on shore at the time
of his death.
Florence Mclnto'sh,' 1224 Pierce street,
was overcome by the heat while on her
way to work yesterday morning at' 9
o'clock. She was removed to the
Emergency Hospital.
Patrick Flynn, 922 Michigan street,
suffered- a slight stroke of ' apoplexy
while exposed to the rays ' of the sun
yesterday afternoon. He was treated
at the Potrero Hospital.
J. Peterson, a Commission-
House Employe, Drops
Exhausted on the Street
HEAT FINDS
RARE VICTIM
A cot was fixed up In the cooling
room of a brewery, with a temperature
at CS degrees Fahrenheit. Tuesday
morning convulsions occurred to the
patient so severe that death appeared
only a question of hours.
To-day the boy is able to open his
mouth sufficiently to take nourishment
and recovery is now assured. Tears
ago Dr. McCrann claims he cured a
case of sunstroke In the same way.
The case continued to grow worse and
Monday the doctor prevailed on the
parents to try a chilled room treat
ment.
OMAHA. Sept. 8.— Dr. W. J. McCrann,
a surgeon of South Omaha, has demon
f trated the success of cold air as a cure
for tetanus. Friday afternoon he was
called to the home of Mr. and Mrs.
John McKoen, where their ten-year-old
ton. Francis, was then In the first
ptages of lockjaw, caused by a splinter
that had entered the bottom of the left
foot.
E;*dal Dispatch to Th« Can.
Stockyards Doctor in Omaha
Claims to Have Found
a Remedy for Lockjaw
Morris Levy, secretary of the Board
of Public Works, tried to give a cor
rect imitation of the daring. Barney
Oldfield last night and finished in the
Park police station, where ; he lan
guished till his friends got him out.
Levy and a party of N frlends .were
spinning along so fast in an automo
bile that Patrolman Flynn concluded
that' 1 the lives of pedestrians were In
danger. Flynn called to . the chauf
feur to get slow for a minute. When
he obeyed Levy was placed under, ar
rest as the responsible party. He was
released as soon as his plight became
known to his intimate friends.
LEVY GOES AUTOMOBILIXG •
AND -FINISHES IX JAIL
After fifty years of fond companion
ship and loyalty, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Angonnet celebrated their anniversary
on Wednesday with fitting ceremony.
And on the same day the daughter
of the household became the bride of
James P. McKenna.
Both events were celebrated In a hap
py fashion at a downtown restaurant,
thirty-two children and grandchildren
of the elderly pair figuring among the
guests— not an inconsiderable guest list
in Itself. .
Mr. and Mrs.. Angonnet are almost
Argonauts, arriving in California in
1856, settling in Contra Costa County.
• • •
Mrs. Lester Herrick entertained yes
terday In her apartments , at the Em
pire in honor of Mrs. Frederick Bancof t,
who is visiting her from her home In
Baltimore.
Green prevailed in the floral adorn
ment—a thoughtful thing on so fiery a
day. -
/ To-night Miss Louise Bundschu will
'become the bride of R. Maiiry Simms,
the ceremony to take place at the home
of the bride on Chestnut street, the Rev.
Bradford Leavitt officiating.
.The date of the affair was set on the
anniversary of the nuptials of the elder
Bundschus. which was celebrated In the
self-same house— a notable fact in these
days of restless wanderings from house
td house.
The wedding will be an attractive af
fair, though the guest list is limited to
the families of both sides.
TETANUS YIELDS
TO COLD AIR
Harry Emery, 521 Pacific street, is. ft
man whom hard luck and misfortune
have pursued incessantly. From th*
position of a man of means Emery has
fast fallen, till now he is penniless and
helpless in the Emergency Hospital,
where he was taken yesterday with a
broken leg.
Since the recent death of his wife
Emery has suffered all kinds of mis
fortunes. His friends seemed to for
sake hjm in his hour of need and he
lost several lucrative positions, till he
was forced to take the humble Job of
a lumber piler in a Bryant-street .yard.
He was working at his new calling but
a few days when he met with the acci
dent which will render him practically
helpless for many months.
Once Well to Do Man Is Injured
While Working In a Bryant-
Street Lumber Yard.
MISFORTUNES THRUST
THEMSELVES OX EMERY
MISS BUNDSCHU
WILL BECOME
BRIDE TO NIGHT
"Republican politics have never been
a menace to the business interests of
the country." «aid the Senator. "Their
triumph has never been awaited with
serious apprehension.
"Our Democratic friends express the
opinion that we are doing but little
for the farmers. They were never more
in error. The Agricultural Depart
ment was never accomplishing more
than It is to-day under Secretary Wil
son. During the last year the value
of farms has increased almost beyond
the power of computation. The Re
publican party has been loyal to the in
terests of the farmers of the United
States. The farmers of Vermont on
Tuesday last emphasized their confi
dence in the virtue and efficacy of Re
publican policies."
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 8.— The
campaign in Connecticut on the part
of the Republicans was opened at the
Auditorium to-night by a rally at
which Charles W. Fairbanks, the Re
publican. Vice-Presidential candidate,
was the chief speaker. He was enthu
siastically received by an audience that
exhausted '". the" seating" capacity of the
hall, and throughout was "given close'
attention.
Immense Crowd Cheers the Vice Pres
idential Nominee.
FAIRBANKS IX HARTFORD.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Sept. 8.—Be
cause her husband went to a baseball
game over hen protest, Mrs. Charles
Evans of Monterey committed suicide
this afternoon by taking poison. . '
In a most extraordinary manner a
double tragedy resulted. • •
Her body, as it fell to the floor, ac
cidentally struck her ¦ ten-months-old
daughter, crushing it and smothering
it to death. When Evans returned
home wife and child were dead.-
She had brooded over her husband's
tendency to play ball. She comes of a
prominent family. —
Special Dispatch to The Call
The marriage occurred at St. Joseph's
Church. Rev. Father Gleeson per
formed the' ceremony. The young
couple left at once on a tour of the
East and to London.
Miss Kerr Is the daughter of Mrs.
Mary Kerr and is only 18 years of age.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 8. — This morning
Miss Nance Kerr, a pretty "hello" girl,
was married to Walter G. L. Behr, a
wealthy young Englishman.
The bride has been engaged in the
local telephone office for some time.
Behr, whose family is prominent in
English shipping circles, came to this
city last May on business. In his fre
quent use of the telephone he became
acquainted with Miss Kerr, and when
he met her personally a love affair re
sulted. .
special Dispatch to The Call.
Mother Objects to Husband
Attending Game and Takes
Her Own Life With Acid
Pretty Operator Wins the
Heart of Young Britisher
Who Liked Her Sweet Voice
RENO, Sept. 8.— The pioneers of
Goldfield were treated to an unusual
sight In one of the big gambling pal
aces last evening. Miss Maud Nevins.
who states that her home is In Oak
land, plunged at the faro game and at
one time had won more than $1800. Re
peated plunging finally swept away not
only her winnings but every cent of
her funds. $500 in all.
Later Miss Nevins stated that she
played the game just for the excite
ment, and scornfully refused proffered
aid from the generous-hearted miners.
Miss Nevins went to Goldfield with
the first rush.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWO CORPSES
FROM BASEBALL
Oakland Woman Plays Faro,
Makes a Big Winning and
Then Drops Her Bank Roll
CUPID HELPS
"HELLO" GIRL
LOSES MONEY
LIKE A SPORT
Romain pleaded guilty to the charge
of burglary to-day, but was not sen
tenced. The Colorado authorities were
communicated with and Romain will be
taken to that State.
TOPEKA. Kan., Sept. 8.— Robert Ro
rr.ain, a deported Colorado miner, un
e>r arrest here for burglary, confessed
to-day that he helped in the Vindi
cator mine dynamiting in Colorado last
fall and In blowing up the depot plat
form at Independence. Colo., in June.
Remain paid that he was one of the
strikers at Victor and that he helped
to arrange the dynamite which caused
the death of so many of the non-union
miners. He gave the names of the
men -who were In with him and told in
detail how the work was done.
Romain said the dynamite was laid
tinder the depot platform at Indepen
dence. He told how the dynamite was
connected with a concealed wire to a
chair in a room about 600 yards away.
It VMM agreed that the chair was to
be moved backward so as to pull the
wire and explode the dynamite. A pis
tol was attached to one end of the wire
end the pistol was directly under the
big charge of dynamite.
Romain was waiting In the room with
ethers Tvh*n the train pulled up to the
station and law fwo of his friends
among: the number. He wanted to get
them away and started to tell them
to leave the platform, when one of the
men vho were with him struck him
on the head with a revolver. The dyna
mite charge was exploded a few min
utes afterward and the friends of Ro
main were killed or Injured.
In his description of the dynamiting
at the Vindicator mine he went into
details about the different shifts and
told all about how the wires were laid.
The remainder of the ticket nom
inated is -as follows: Secretary of
State, Levi N. Harmon; Attorney Gen
eral, Grant C. Bagley; Auditor of
State, J. W. Geiger; Treasurer of
State, W..B. Wilson; Superintendent
of Public Instruction, Nathan T. Por
ter; Supreme Judge, C. S. Varian.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 8. — The
Democratic State convention to-day
nominated James H. Moyle of Salt
Lake for Governor and Judge O. W.
Powers of Salt Lake for Congressman
and adopted a platform, which, be
sides Indorsing the national platform
and approving the nomination of Par
ker and Davis, reflects the renewal of
charges of church interference in
Utah politics and the ' reorganization
of an anti-church party by denying
the right of any power to dictate po
litical nominations. The convention
was harmonious. Judge Powers' nom
ination for Congress was made by ac
clamation and Moyle had. a large ma
jority, of the votes for Governor over
William C. Roylance and R. S. Wells.
The platform, which was adopted
amid much cheering, contained the
following plank:
The Democratic party neither seeks nor fears
the interference of any ecclesiastical power
with tlfe expression of popular will at the
polls, and denies the right of any power or
of any man or«any set of men to dictate polit
ical nominations or to control political con
ventions. We hold that American citizens are
politically free and equal, and the people
alone should wield this power.
UTAH'S DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
James H. Moyle of Salt Lake the
• l Nominee for Governor.
tempted to Save Two of His
Friends Doomed to Death
at the Railroad Station
Savs He Weakened and At-
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Senator Charles
W. Fairbanks will go on a tour to the
Pacific Coast the latter part of Sep
tember. He will go out over the North
ern Pacific by \ special train and re
turn by a special over the Union Pa
cific, landing In Omaha not later than
October 12. Rear platform speeches
will mark the trip, although several
Etops will be made for large evening
meetings.
Senator Fairbanks will arrive in Chi
cago September 23, and that night will
go to St. Paul. He will pass the fol
lowing day as the guest of the Roose
velt Republican Club of the Twin
Cities.
Stopping only a day in San Francisco,
the Eastern trip will be undertaken.
The first stop will be made at Carson
City, Nev. Possibly the Senator will
speak In Ogden and Salt Lake City.
He will visit Cheyenne and-then come
through Nebraska for a big meeting in
Omaha. v The remainder of the time
will be spent in the Middle West.
There are many Indications that the
Republicans will elect a solid delega
tion of eight Representatives from Cal
iforrfia. In fact the only doubtful dis
tricfis the Fourth. Duncan E. McKln
lay is winning the favor of the voters
of the Second District, and S. C. Smith
is doing excellent work in the Eighth.
Hon. Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of
the Treasury, will address a mass
meeting at Reno, Nev., this evening.
Governor Pardee is in San Francisco.
He attended the reception at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art last evening.
Frank P. Flint, candidate for United
States Senator, has returned to Los
Angeles. Senator Thomas Flint of San
Benito is in town, and is daily receiv
ing assurances of Californians that
they intend to support his candidacy
for the United States Senate. As the
latter is not an aspirant for the Sena
torial toga he is called upon to explain
that Frank Flint of Los Angeles is the
one of that name who aspires to rep
resent California in the Senate of the
United States. «¦
Precinct registration in San Fran
clisco will be on for two days next week
and the Republican State Central Com
mittee, the" County Committee and As
sembly District clubs wiir use vigorous
efforts to bring to the mind of every
unregistered voter the important duty
of registration. Politicians note that
there is something akin to apathy in
the present campaign. The Republi
cans are so confident of an overwhelm
ing victory at the November election
that they are not giving close atten
tion to the general duties of organiza
tion in the several precincts.
When the Templar and Native Scm
festivities are brought to a close the
party committees will take up the un
finished work of ' the campaign. The
Republican and Democratic local con
ventions will assemble this month to
nominate legislative and judicial can
didates. The Fourth Congressional Dis
trict Republican Convention will meet
in this city Thursday evening, Septem
ber 22.
GIVES DETAILS
OF THE CRDIES
People of San Francisco Are
to Have a Chance to Hear
Running Mate of Roosevelt
Republicans Hope to Elect
a Solid Delegation of
Eight Representatives
COMING TO THE COAST
Deported Miner. Under Ar
rest in Kansas, Admits
Complicity in Vindicator
and liideiKmdenceOntrages
CONGRESSIONAL TALK
. Judge Parker's speech was j listened
to with' the '; closest attention '^by. the
editors,, few of whom; had eyer ; heard
him apeak before. Judge Parker read
most of his .speech, ; and; made "no de
parture from the written text. T ¦
The Democratic party is not, a machine;. 1 it
Is a body of citizens who believe that on the
whole ; its • fundamental .principles are -best
adapted to the conduct of the Government. .
Amnnr so many - patriotic and intelligent
men it is Inevitable, that. divergence .of opinion
as to. minor questions and differences of view
as to the. correctness of the disposition of dead
issues should ' be ¦ found. - - The < party | is con
cededly .united to-day as to every vital article
of ! faith which can reasonably- enter | into the
pending , canvass. . . . ¦_ . ... . . J _ ..
Our adversaries are entrenched in full pos
session of i every department ; of > the Govern
ment, and 'it is a mistaken policy ¦. that will
drive away voters '„ who 'would "help- to oust
them. '- The cause, cannot be ¦ advanced . by at
tacks on others within r the party .with. whom
we have had disagreements,' but who' are now
working .with "us for a common 'result. ••. '
All. men who, have- attained any degree of
prominence have their friends and the. exercise
of : ordinary prudence forbids the alienation of
allies who are willing and anxious to assist.
The coming election is not to be ! determined
by. the September vote In ' hopelessly Republi
can States, whera local Issues and candidates'
even are previously handicapped, -but the re
sult in Vermont on- Tuesday admonishes us —
and v there can be no harm in giving .voice to
the admonition — that harmonious 'co-operation
of- all and the elimination of .personal, fac
tional and unimportant: differences.- involving
no • surrender * of ;.» principle. K are • essential to
SUCCeSS. ¦;¦; f .¦.'»•' ;--. •¦V"./ ' • •'.•...¦.;
The sturdy honesty, marked ability and thor
ough devotion to principle of all those in high
placer -durlnc those Democratic administra
tions may. without hesitation, be placed along-,
side, of the qualifications: of similar officials
in any and all other administrations. Who,
I pray you, would hesitate to compare' the
members of the Cabinet of those years with
the. present one, or with any one? Is the
fame of Bayard, Falrchlld, Kndicott, Whitney.
Vilas, Dickinson and Garland, members of the
18S* Cabinet, and Olney, Carlisle, Lament.
Smith, Francis, Herbert, Blssel, Wilson and
Harmon, of that of 1892. dwarfed when con
trasted with the Cabinet officers of to-day ?
Wh«n tho comparison Is once ' completed you
will be eager to ask the people: "Which Is
the better?" ; They will declare the victor in
the contest between administrations to be: the
one which," in addition to other excellencies,
saved many millions a year to the nation.'.
Extravagance is running riot in Federal,
State and municipal- governments In spite of the
well-directed efforts of some excellent officers.
The indebtedness of the" municipal governments
are 'steadily -piling 'up. bond issues are .in
creasingly frequent ' and the people hare > not
the satisfaction In many Instances of a full
equivalent in improvements for the money ex
pended. I And the Federal Government is lead
ing in the race of great. expenditures •
Ere 'long- the- people will, demand, a reform
in administrative expenses. And they will do
it now if they; are made to appreciate the
whole truth. - ' •'•¦..'. ¦ . . .
The comparison will ahow that under Dem
ocratic control the administrative purity of the
fathers was observed > in the conduct of the
government; that no ons of its departments
was permeated as of late with corruption riv
aling, the days of Star Route frauds; that a,
successful effort was made to check the growth
of expenditures; that it resulted In each In
stance in cutting down the expenses within
control of the - executive department of the
Government below • the preceding administra
tions. The comparison will show also that
each succeeding Republican administration
after 1S68 increased expenses,, and in some
instances so greatly as to indicate reckless ex
travagance and .waste of the people's money.
During Mr. Cleveland's first term the av
erage annual expenditures were about (259,000,
000. For the past three years it has been about
$510,000,000. The Government expenditures last
year amounted up to $5S2,0OOv00O, which is not
equaled by any year since the Civil War, with
the exception of the year of the Spanish war.
There is an inevitable result to such ex
travagance. Instead of a surplus in the an
nual receipts of about $80,000,000. which the
present executive found on assuming control,
there !s now a deficit to be found there of
512.000,000. . ; ' •
The limits of this address will not permit
a further reference to the cost of administra
tion, but it should receive careful examination
at your bands. And you will bi convinced
that "reform is necessary" — aye, far more nec
essary than in 1876 — in the scale of public ex
penses, and. when convinced, you will 'do less
than your duty. if you fall to make the peo
ple understand It.
The challenge of the Republican platform
permits you to compare the details, the every
day life, so to speak, of the Democratic ad
ministrations with both precedenttve and suc
cessive administrations and you will not shrink
from it.
1 . shall not take up your time, .however,
with any • reference r to the great Issues upon
which our party, through its platform . and
candidates,, confidently appeals to .the people
for Indorsement, but 'crave your Indulgence
while I briefly refer to a single feature of the
platform, of .the Republican party..
That platform opens with a declaration of
tha,t party's many years of control of. Goverh
ment, coupled with the assertion that It "has
displayed a high capacity for rule and gov
ernment, which has been made even more
conspicuous by the incapacity and infirmity
of purpose shown by Us opponents." • *
This challenge to a comparison of Demo
cratic and Republican administrations since
the Republican party came Into existence
should be welcomed. ! Fortunately we have
eight recent years of Democratic administra
tion of the executive department of the Qov
ment, which we will gladly compare with any
similar .period since 1860. _ . ...:..:.._..
. There are questions of great Import to be
passed upon by the people In November, ques
tions, that. It will, be your duty, and,, there
fore, I am sure, your ' pleasure as well, to
present honestly and so clearly that the people
will understand them. ¦
Though the Instant Judgment of the people
may be often at fault, the ripe and final de
cision Is always for the right. And the part
of leadership Is to know the right aad to
honestly, patriotically, fearlessly and zealously
advocate It. Just as long as the press can
discern and 'lead the unhurried and well-con
sidered judgment of -the people, so long will
Its power grow mightily, and so long will It
hold Its place In the front rank of the .unfal
tering and vigorous march of national progress.
To the upbuilding of the power of the' press,
and to the best use of, that power, you bava
devoted yourselves. '
ESOPUS, N. T., Sept.. 8.— Judge Par
ker to-day received pledges of loyal
support from editors of more than 200
Democratic newspapers, representing
chiefly the Middle West and South.
The speeches were delivered • at, the
edge of the Rosemount veranda. After
ward an informal reception was held.
The weather was perfect, -though
warm! until Just as the boat was leav
ing, when, the wind shifted from a gen
tle southwest breeze to a northwester
ly gale," the temperature took a sudden
drop, and one of the sharpest thunder
storms of the season swept down the
valley. " "
Josephus Daniels of Raleigh, N. C,
introduced. Charles W. Knapp of St.
Louis as spokesman for the editors. It
was some time before "the applause
following Knapp's \ address subsided
enough for Judge Parker to begin his
reply, which was as follows: * !?;
It is Indeed a *r««t pleasure to welcome
to Rosemount this body of representatives of
the great American press, one of the m»t"nue«t
forces in th» upbuilding and ¦ strengthening
of a. sturdy American citizenship. You Dave
been In conference to the end -that your jrorK
in this campaign may be as effective as"T?o»
sible. Organized effort and concerted action
must always Increase the efiectiveness : of the
common endeavor of many hands. v .*v*; .' :
The leaders who have made a thoroughfare
through history, down which In all the centu
ries their fame will march with giant strides,
have all been men who, though not moved by
hasty expression of the hurried Judgment .of
the people were yet guided in all their public
acts by the knowledge of .what the direct and
mature Judgment- of -the people -would be. So
the great' papers , are those: which anticipate
the careful Judgment of the , majority. The
great tribunal of the American people may
be implicitly relied on. to decide all- questions
with unerring and exact Justice when all the
evidence is in and deliberation had. and those
who would hold place as leaders . of . the peo
ple must be so thoroughly American, so dis
creet, eo far-sighted and so sura of the pulse
of the' people as to discern the course public
opinion will take. ' . .'
King; Chief . Justice of the Supreme |
Court, Theodore Brantley (one of the #
incumbents) ; Clerk of the Supreme ¦
Court, John T. Athey; Secretary of
State, A. N. Yoder; Attorney General,
Albert J. Galen; State Auditor, Harry
Cunningham; State Treasurer, J. H.
Rice; Superintendent of Schools, W. E.
Harmon.
The platform indorses the platform
of the Republican party adopted at
Chicago and says:
"The President , has borne himself
in his office worthy of the character
of the chief magistrates who have pre
ceded him, and he has exhibited a
breadth of intellect, a vigor of action,
a lofty patriotism;* a courage and de- 1
votion to. the high interests worthy, of :
all praise."
Senator Will Pass Through
Many States and Deliver
Addresses From His Train
Precinct Registration Will
Take Place in This City
Two Days Next Week
N.rriinee for President Finds Much to Praise in the Two
Administrations of Grover Cleveland and Urges Hear
ers to Accept Resultof Vermont Election as a Warning
COLORADO
DYNAMITER
CONFESSES
HURRIED TRIP
FOR FAIRBANKS
PREPARATIONS
FOR ELECTION
REDDING MAN
IN HEROIC ROLE
SHERIFF FIRES
UPON OUTLAWS
Oregon Officer Trails Two
Horsethieves to \ Montana
and Gives Them Battle
WALLACE, Idaho, Sept. 8. — A re
port reached here to-day from
Thompson Falls, Mont., that Sheriff E,
J. Lawrence of Malheur County, Or.,
and Robert Hess and Edward Chester,
two notorious horsethleves, who
escaped from the Malheur County Jail
on August 7. met last night at a store
on the Flathead River, Montana, and
exchanged shots.
The Sheriff received a scalp wound
at the first shot. He returned the fire
and one. of the outlaws fell, shot
through the shoulder. Both horse
thieves escaped.
Sheriff Lawrence has been on the
trail of the robbers for ten days, fol
lowing them through the Couer
d'Alenes Into Montana. They are sup
posed to be headed for the Flathead
Reservation.
WOUNDS ONE OF THEM
Fugitives Succeed in Escap
ing and Are Heading for
the Flathead Reservation
Discovers Burning Bridge
and Flags Freight Train
in Time to Prevent Wreck
SIGNALS WITH HIS COAT
Leaves Daughters in Buggy
While He Rushes Up Track
to Stop Approaching Cars
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Sept. 8.— James R. Holt,
a prominent contractor of this city,
prevented southbound through freight
train No. 221 from being wrecked and
burned by running Into a burning
bridge yesterday. A bigflre that start
ed Monday evening on the Fitzgerald
place on Clear Creek, south of Redding,
had spread northward and westward
across the track, and the flames at
tacked a small wooden railroad bridge
across j Wood . GuL!i.
Holt and. his two daughters were re
turning home in a buggy and . saw
the fire raging on both sides of the
road. As they drove past the wooden
culvert Holt saw that the structure
was on fire. He also heard -the rumble
of the southbound freight train. He
realized the danger and, telling his
daughters to hold the reins, he sprang
from the buggy and ran up the. track.
He pulled off his coat and with It
flagged, the .train and succeeded in
stopping it before It reached the burn-
Ing bridge. - . . . • .
PARKER MAKES A SPEECH
TO DEMOCRATIC EDITORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 9, 1904.
Mrs. Walter Gallagher, wife of
torney Walter Gallagher, was arrested
yesterday near her residence for dis
turbing ; the peace.' The . woman was"
creating a disturbance and finally;, the
neighbors : were i forced . to call ; f or ithe
jpolice. ; ,. . ; ¦"'• _
5
FREE. FREE.'
PERFUMES.
A 40-cent Bottle of ;
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
< Made in California and con-
tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests because they
are
"Perfumes Made Where the
Flowers Grow."
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
. See . announcement on classi- .
ficd advertising page.
_. - -r- -.- n- L ,^
Gan Francisco. Friday. 9 Septemb«r. 1904.
Store closed to-day — Admission Day-
Open to- morrow At usual time. -
I o-day, Laliiornia s
54th Anniversary.
. Amidst. tbc splendor and " pomp of -the worltfi ~ ¦
:greatest Knights Templar Conclave,- "California" to- "
day celebrates the 54th.anniversary of her admission
to the Unioni The '•BreunerV stores, in Sacramento,
Stockton and. San Francisco;— three of the- State's
principal cities— will all join in the celebration and
will remain closed. " • *
(Formerly tHc . California Furniture Co.)
¦ : ;£26^ Square^ -BERKELEY. Sept. 8.^ — Through
Europe afoot on a tour that will bring
them into touch with every condition
of life that exists among the peasantry
of half a dozen empires is the Inter
estingr Itinerary that two young grad
uates of the University, of California
have mapped out for themselves when
they r start on their wedding trip next
week. Arthur J. Todd of the class of
'd Is the originator of this sort of
honeymooning, and the young woman
who will share this hazardous under
taking la 'Miss ''Martha H; Gaddis of
the class of '03.
.These young people found theif in
spiration for the Journey In social set
tlement work. It was the social set
tlement that brought .them .together;
it is 'the social settlement, that will
keep them together for the rest a of
their days perhaps, for they Jong ago
made up , their.' mlnda that it. would be
their.. Jlf e A wprlu It ,1s their . desire to"
knpw '.-"exactly'.- how / the other half
lives" In.'.' another, worlds, .The '"w]ays''o£
the lowly, how,, they live, what thjjir;
environment * means, what .' the more
fortunate do for | them-7-all these
things do the bride and groom expect
to learn. All they do learn they ex
pect to turn to practical use in berialf
of mankind.
Arthur J. Todd and
His Bride Will
See World.
." MANNIX ' ' SCORES A POINT. — Superior,
Judge .Hunt yesterday sustained the demurrer
of Thomas Manntx to ; the ¦ «uit , of tbe 'Henry
Cowell-. Lime ¦ Company to ¦ enforce the ¦ specific
performance of a contract to purchase lime.
Mannix ¦.••>* master :. contractor • and entered,
into - an 4 agreement ' to buy material from the
company; at %X 25 per barrel for one year. This
price fs 60 cents below;the market value. '.The
company . brought suit •: for. - $1500 damages, . al
leging that Mannix had violated his agreement..
."ST. LOUIS. Sept. 8.~Th» * American • Society
of n , Prof eBSors of . Danctfig i elected • . Professor
Henry T. . Katmer of Log Angeles. Cal., presi
dent. ¦¦'"¦' ¦-"' ' V ""<•'¦"¦ ~-~-* '"'¦ '
season in Lafayette Hall on Friday evening,
the : 16th : inet." Those arranging for the | event
are Mies Julia Halton. Miss u Alice .Leclerc.
Miss Eleanor Boland, Miss Ida C. ; Klein, Miss
Margaret ConBedine, Mrs. William Brommage
and Mrs. O. A. Dleckman. ; <: ¦ »
.Mrs. J.,W, Burnham of 1S37 Clinton avenua
entertained -Thursday in honor of Mrs. Georgq
;»loulton, wife of the grand commander of the
United States Knights Templar. Mr. and
Mrs. Moulton ' attended the conclave of '. the
Knights Templar held In Ban Francisco twenty
one years ago and it was upon that occasion
that they made, the acquaintance of Mts.
Burnham and her husband.
. .City Trustee Dr. Henry M. Pond will depart
for a tour of the Eastern States Thursday. He
will be accompanied home ' by .' his daughter.
Miss Mary ; Pond, ' who has been attending a
finishing school, near New •York.' •'¦¦
-'¦."•" Dr. ¦; and r Mr».: G.rA. Moore leave ' Thursday
¦for Portland and Seattle.". From the latter city
they . will. go to St. Paul, Chicago.' New York
tnd ; other / Eastern cities ¦' and • on •¦ their ' way
home will viait the i St. Louis Exposition. .They
will be absent from Alameda for , two months.
: Miss . Rose Gallagher • Is* on ' her way ¦ to the
St. Louis , Exposition. . After ¦ visiting < the dle
play^ there - she : will proceed' tOi;'lhdianapoli»,'
to . remain with • relatves . for . three > months. • > *,
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 8.— A Chi
cago ' bond syndicate has . refused to
pay. for the city bonds which <were re
cently bid In unless delivery' Is made
in Chicago. The, city has only J 2 60 In
the ; treasury and it will cost $600 to
express v the : bonds to Chicago jand re
ceive the 'money "-back; '¦ ' '¦ •
Expressage and City Owns
Only $2 50.
Chicago - Syndicate Refuses to Pay
NEW ORLEANS BOND .
. >'/¦¦¦ ISSUE IS REFUSED
OAKLAND, Sept/ 8. — The Jewish
New, Year : will be celebrated to-mor
row at. the synagogue of.theFirst He
brew Congregation at Twelfth and
Castro .streets. The New Year ser
vices began this evening at 6 ' o'clock
and will continue until Sunday.
To Celebrate Jewish New Year.
' SALT LAKE. Sent. 8. — Announcement was
made to-day that E. W. Gillette, general
freight and passenger agent of the San Pedro,
Los Angeles and Salt Lake road, will move
his headquarters to Los Angeles about Octo
ber 1. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •/ •'".
There will be a magnificent display
of fireworks at the- Chutes to-night
in honor of Admission day. The bear
flag, the, Stars and Stripes and other
patriotic and humorous devices will
be shown in set pieces and the aerial
exhibition and water fireworks will
include many novelties.
Celebration at Chutes.
HALIFAX, Sept. 8. — The Halifax
agents of the Norwegian bark King
Sverre, 463 tons, fear, that the vessel
has been lost at sea. She sailed from
Durban, Natal, May 20 for Halifax
and was last heard of at St. Helena,
whence she sailed July 20. The King
Sverre had a crew of twelve or v fif
teen men.
Norwegian Ship Causes Uneasi
ness at Halifax.
Absence . of News Pnom Long Due
AGENTS ARE AFRAID
THAT BARK IS IiOST
Alameda County.
REAXi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charlea A. ¦ Bailey (by Raymond H.- Bailer
Ms attorney, and Alice C. Bailez. his wife) to
Charlea W. H. Nessler, lot on the W lln« of
Fourth street. 146:10** N of Bristol, S 45:10*3
TV 125. N 33:3*i. E 123, being fraction of lot
9. block 73. tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley: $10. -•
Lydia A. and. Daniel T. Blethroad to Martha
A. Gilmore (widow), lot on 8 Una of Ashbr
avenue. 210 E of Shattuck. E 40 by S 10O
portion of lot 5, block C. map E. portion -of
Newbnry Tract. Berkeley; $10. •*"«»*
Elizabeth A. Durfee (wife of Cfaarlea A,) ta
A. J. Snyder, lot on E line cf daremont ave
nue. 101:3 S cf Hardy street. E 136. to cente*
cf Temescal Creek, thence down said creeic
S to a point where line between lots 85 and
88 will meet same. W 202, Jf 60. to beginning!
being lots 84 and 35, Claremont Park. Berke*
ley: $10.
Same to same, lota 80 and 61. map. of pLafl
8 and portion of 8. Dohr Tract, subdlrliledl
March. 1877. Berkeley; $10. »«D<wvMe<i
General L. Woodford (single) te Michael Q,
Kaler. lot beginning at XE corner of 1st lS
block 63. S 150 by B 37:fl. Ban Antonloiaed
made to tak» place «T deed supposed t* b«
lost, warranty deed. East Oakland; $10.
California Building and Loan Asaoatattoa
(corporation) to A. R. and Eliza Hemsao^e?
(wife), lot on S Us* of Padno avenue. ,12: 1
E of Chapln street. E *T:« by .8 JSoTTot l£
and. portion lot* 9, 19, _ 12, block 12. Chant*
Tract. Alameda; $10. «¦ -• ,'^ a *«»
Calvin M. and Rosa Z. "Wilt* , to J. T. an4
Clara Bells Allen (wife), lot on NW'ttaa Hef
Oakland avenue. 810 IS of mtaraeetlon wlta BE)
line of. Walsworth avenue, thenc» JfW 9ft,- NH
50. BE 84.91. 8"W 80 U> beginning-, lot 23. bTocS
B. lands Oakland View Homestead Association.
Oakland; $10. « ¦ r - -.v^
TuIUs S. and Nell!* M. Mraefe* aa.3 Wtaley
r* Bakar -et - als. - (by Ptrcr Black, 'commii
•loner) to Continental Building and Loan As-*
soc'iatlon, lot on S line* of Nolan of Thirty
third street, 218.25 W of West. 8 89.25 by W
.30, portion lot 11, block U, map Central Lancf
Company's Tract. Oakland; $1000.
The Beat Estate Com bin*- to th* Realty
Syndicate, re -record 587 J). 19 of lot on Nw
corner of Forty- first street and Telegraph, ave
nue. N 139.50, W 283.72,^ 142.20. W^1S7.4T,
thence continuing "W 55.OT..«8 2CR80 to if lln«
of Forty-flrst street. E 601.82. to beginning.
lots 45 to 52 and 66- to 69. map No. 2. Mont
gomery Tract, -Oakland; $10. ».'
Sarah A. McKee (widow) (by 8. B. MsKet.
attorney) . to Fred W. and Reginald . Dudtn, lot
22. block 6, map of Santa Fe> Tract, Oakland,
deed and agreement: '$10. ¦--' • \v*.
C. J. and Lucia U. Woodbury (wlfe)<tcvLou!a
D. Reeb (single). lot On SE line of Seventh
avenue. 125 SW of B Se vent tenth street S\V
25 by SB 150. block 84. CIVnton. East Oakland;
*10. . , .
Mountain Vleir Cemetery Association .<%
corpora tlon> to Margarett O. Black. • lot ¦ In.
cemetery,'- Oakland 'Township; |217."
.Andrew- L.: Walker (single) to Benjamin F
and Eliza A. Sargent, lot on ..TV line or Wal
nut street. 300 S- of Vine. S 60 by W 119-7
lets 31 and 32.- block 6. map rerabdlvWan
block 8. -AntlseU- Tract. -Berkeley? $10. -.-v
KANSAS C1TT. Sept. 8:— At the annual con
vention of the American Pharmaceutical As
sociation to-day Albert Schneider of San Fran
cisco read a paper. ¦ • "
While Sheriff Plays With Twins Pour
;/ Felons Sftw Their Way • :: 'V -^
to~ liberty.
SHEBOYGAN, Wls., Sept. 8.— Four
prispners^ — rone forger and three bur
glafg—sawed their way out of the
Sheboygan County Jail In this city
last night while "the Sheriff was 'play-
Ing with his twin babies In an adjoin
ing office.
i The felons are. supposed to have
escaped from the city on a freight
train. ''¦'*-. ¦'.'•¦ .
PRISONERS GET FREEDOM
.THROUGH TWO BABES
Jewish New Year services . will be
conducted In Franklin Hall. Fillrnoro
street, by j Rabbi Isldpre Myers and
Cantor, LJederman of New York, as
sisted by- a . male . choir. The choral
service "will commence at 6:30" p. rn.
T)r. .Myers will preach Saturday morn-
Ing on the "Jewish Marseillaise" an(J
on Sunday on "Trumpet Calls."
Jewish New Year Services.
:PHIIiAX>ELfPHIA; Septi 8. — As a.re
sult of the verdict of a Coroner's Jury
to-day Elva Kaiser, a 13 -year-old. glrU
must face trial for having caused the
death of August 'Burkhart, a streetcar
mo tor man. .
Burkhart had left the platform of
his car to 'fix the lamp. Several : girls
were on the front seat and witnesses
testified that the Kaiser girl grasped
the- lever and started the car, which
struck Burkhart, killing him.
Her Responsible for* the
-r.* Man's Death;- —
Philadelphia Coroner'a Jury Holds
GIRIi SILLS MOTOKMAN
• 3 BY STARTING A CAR
SdUTH ' METHODISTS * TO BUILD.—
BKRKEL.F.T, Sept. -8.— The Epworth Metho
dist Church South Is about to build a new
church' on the lot recently purchased at Tele
graph and Durant avenues. The cornerstone
for a handsome. structure, with all the usual
acceisorles, will be laid next month during
the Methodist South conference by Bishop H.
G. .Morrison of Kentucky and the Grand Lodge
of Mason; of California. The building 1« to
ejjst I20.0CO. • '
REPUBLICANS WILL MEET.—BERKE
LEY, 1 Bept. 8. — A registration and smoker
rally is planned by the South Berkeley Re
publican Club'on September 20 In Lorin Hall.
A committee consisting of H. D. Irwin, Dr.
M. M. Rowley. C. C. Emslie. A. E. Green
and Robert Edgar has been appointed by
President R. E. Nickel to make the necessary
arrangements. Joseph R. Knowland. candi
date for * Congress, and other prominent men
will be there to deliver addresses. "
BABE FALLS UNDER HOOFS.—BERKE
LEY, Sept. 8. — A grocery wagon driven by
Edward Dager ran into a carriage occupied by
Edward Taylor, his wife and two-year-old
baby - girl, this morning, on Center street,
with the result that the babe fell under | the
hoofs of the carriage horse, the wagon turned
over and the driver was slightly hurt. The babe
had a miraculous escape, as.it might, have
been run over or kicked to death. To add to
the confusion Mrs. Taylor fainted when , ahe
saw her babe fall, but was soon revived.
SMALL THEFTS REPORTED — Oakland.
Sept 8. — S. V. Perry sold his store at 23 Tele
graph avenue to E. Lee. Shortly after he
vacated Perry ¦ remembered that he had hid
den $70 in a fruit t jar. Search failed to dis
cover the coin, . so Perry complained to the
police. Mrs. L. Smith of 1013 Eleventh ave
nue has reported the burglary of her home
and the theft of some Jewelry. A. E. Bon
trager, 425 Fifty-sixth street, reports a gold
watch stolen from him to-day at the Oakland
Power Company's tool house.
MUST HAVE LICENSE.— OAKLAND. Sept.
8 Following a recent decision of the Su
preme • Court • upholding the constitutionality
of the medical practice act, Judge Melvln to
day decided against Mrs. A. D. Howe, a mag
netic healer, who appealed a case from the
Justices' Court, ' where she had been ordered
to pay a fine of $300 for practicing without a
license.
CUTS LAWYER" S FEB.— OAKLAND. Sept.
8.— Judge Melvin to-day eut the (•• of At
torney R. C Anlbal of San Bernardino from
$1125 to $675 for eervices rendered the late
Charles R. Lloyd In prosecuting -William Box
nil and . defending Lloyd in an action brought
t> gainst him. Anibal mad* a claim of S1L»5
against tbe estate, which amount waa re
jected by the executors. . . .
- WILL LAT CORNBK»TONa— ALAMBDA,
Sept. 8.— Next Sunday afternoon at 8 o'clock
the cornerstone of th« new First Congrega
tional Church on Central avenue and Chest
nut street will -be laid with ceremo
nies Kev. L. Potter Hitchcock, assisted by
the following ministers, will conducV the ser
vices: Rev. George Morris, Rev. F. S. Broeh.
Rev. P. C. Fletcher, Rev. I. C. Meserv* and
George W. Scott. "
LEAGUE -HOLDS' BANQOTTT — Oakland.
Sept. S.»-The annual banquet or the Clvio
Educational League was held last night at toe
Piedmont Club hou«e. President A,; P.. 6t}«
vater. Acted, aa -toastnaaster, and «»•. ¦* e £ k « r "
were Henry J. Rodgws. R H.Danforth. Frank
W. 8hny.' Carl Hoffman. K. P. £teaxn». D. ip.
Beraaya- , Fred , Wausner. C A, Strong Jr..
JesseTMbert. Conrad Thaleti Go« fctngolsky and
Carlos G. Wente. -- » ¦'..'.:-, ••; .. ¦• ',..••
CASHED BAI> CHECKS— Oakland. Sept. 8.—
The police have been requested to arrest I«d
wlg Gebhardt, an elderly German, refined of
manner and speech. Gebhardt, it Is Claimed
by .John Tisch. a barber of 1211 Telegraph
avenue. Induced Tlach to cash a worthless
check for *35. The barber also complains that
his iriend. Charles Smith, a. Broadway mer
chant was induced to -cash another bogus
check of f25. .,¦ , , . v ¦- ..
BRIEF ITEMS.
She displayed all the charm of.man
ner which made her a favorite twenty
years ago. 5 There was no restraint on
her part, she mingling with the guests
freely.
She was gowned In gray and showed
no signs of her long Imprisonment
further. than the years would make.
Woman Who Became .Famous for
Long Imprisonment- in England
Appears In Public
CRAGSMOOR, N. Ti, Sept. 8. — Mrs.
Florence Maybrick at a lawn fete re
entered American- society to-day after
her long absence In an English prison.
MRS. MATBRICK ONCE MORE
ENTERS AMERICAN SOCIETY
Pioneer Women ileet.
The regular monthly meeting of.tha
Association of Pioneer Women of Cal-»
ifornla was held on the first Friday of
this month. Nominations for offices
were made for the ticket to ' be voted
at the annual elation on October
7. A vote of thanks was given to the
ladles and gentlemen who contributed
to the entertainment on August' 27
and to United States Senator. George
C. Perkins for his valuable - sugges
tions relative to the two niches, in
Statuary Hall In the Capitol building
at Washington which California is en
titled to fill with the statues of men
who have been Identified with the
early history of the State. The pio
neer women have taken the initiatory
in the matter and through the assist
ance of Senator Perkins', who has pro
vided them with the necessary infor
mation and instructions, have the un
dertaking well in hand.
The committee headquarters will be
open daily for registration purposes.
Chairman Crowell appointed A.- H.
Breed, J. B. Lanktree, William Angus,
with the chairman, as a committea on
rules. • ;
Standing committees and. a^eampalgn
committee will bo named "in a few
days. . . . .
The only work of the committee xa> to that
time should be to get all the- voters In the
county registered. It will do no good to, hold
meetings to convince those who might not be
able to vote because they had not attended to
the essential duty of registering. I advise that
each . member, of the . County . Committee be
•worn in as a deputy county clerk for regis
tration purposes. ¦ . . -. :
..The Republican County Central Com
mittee 'was organized to-day by the
re-electlqn for the second time of Clar
erjce^Crowell as chairman. A. B. Carpy
.wASiielected vice chairman, William
Angus secretary, and J. B. Lanktree
treasurer.-: Headquarters have been es
tablished at 1104 Broadway, where ac
tive work for the campaign ' will be
prosecuted. •
,/Chairman Crowell, " under authoriza
tion. 1 of " the. -committee, named H.
E., Maglll as assistant secretary,
to have charge of • the "detail
work, particularly with relation to reg
istration of voters. In accepting re
election * Chairman ' Crowell expressed
his appreciation. ' He pointed 'out the
Importance of registering voters be
fore Beptember 28, the last day tinder
the law. '
In this connection Chairman Crow
ell said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
.1016 Broadway, Sept. 8.-
Two parents, a father and a mother,
began legal battles in the Superior
Court to-day to recover possession of
children. Mrs. Mabel Shehan sued her
husband, John Shehan, for the custody
of their two. children.. .'
William Gunter began habeas corpus
proceedings for the recovery of his two
children, now in. the custody of his
wife's relatives. ...
Mrs. Shehan is a medium and she
charges her husband with antagonizing
her and. trying to break up her belief
in things spiritualistic. Her suit for
divorce is .now pending. After hearing
her plea Judge Melvln ordered the hus
band to produce the two children, who
are now in the. custody, of MVs. She
han's grandmother in Portland.
Judge'Hairissued'a writ of "mandate
In the Gunter case, commanding the
wife, Mrs.- Amelia Gunter, to produce
their two children, . Willie and Gladys.
Gunter alleges that his spouse took tne
two children after instituting a suit
for divorce and placed them In the care
of her aunt and her grandmother. He
says 'he Is Ignorant of the woman's
present whereabouts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1016 Broadway, Sept. '8.
William Gunter's Wife Must
Eelinquish Hold on Lit
tle Ones Pending a Suit
Campaign. Plans to Go For
'. ward With Organization
That Has Been Effected
Among yesterday's arrivals at th<s
Palace were two distinguished noble
men of Hungary, wh'o hava come to
'this country to attend the Interna
tional Parliamentary Congress, which
Is soon to be held at the St. Louis Ex
position. The visitors ara Count
George, Karolvi,' who signs himself
"imperial and royal chamberlain and
member of Parliament," *ad Baron
Plret-Bihain of Budapest Count Kar-»
olvi is the richest man In Hungary*
and, with Baron Piret-Blhaln ' and
sixty other prominent Hungarians, was
delegated to attend the Parliamentary
Congress as representative of his Kin;?,
Count Karolvi and Baron Plret-
Bihain will remain here several days
awaiting the ; arrival of another dis
tinguished countryman. Count' Albert
Apponyl, who is one of the- foremost
orators and statesmen of that country,
Last evening the visitors enjoyed tha
illumination of tha city and the scenes
attending the Knights Templar Con
clave, which interested thern^ deeply. ''
Parliamentary Consress to Be
Held in St. Louis. T'./S,
Are Delegates to Coming International
HUNGARIAN NOBLEMEX
' VISITING THl£* CITY
HEADQUAETEBS OPENED
FATHEE GETS A WKIT
Newly Ke-elected Chairman
Crowell of the Kepublican
Committee Makes Appeal
Judge Orders Spiritualist's
Spouse to Produce Their
Two Children in Court
PARENTS FIGHT
FOR OFFSPRING
URGES VOTERS
TO REGISTER
CHECKS THREATENING FIRE— Oakland
Bfpt. 6.— Fire broke out at 2 o'clock this morn
ing la th* baseme&t of, James CabiU & Co.'*
» ail paper and paint store. 408 Twelfth street.
Ttx department checked the flames so quickly
thai Ilttlo loss was sustained. - c
Grand Jurors Drawn.
¦ OAKLAND, Sept. 8. — The following
venire of thirty names from which' a.
Grand Jury will, be selected on Sep
tember 16 was drawn to-day: H. D.
Nichols, Henry Schellhaas, P., A. Ras
mu'ssen, George . H. Payne, Henry W.
Taylor, C. O. G. Miller, W.' J. Landers,
W. E. Knowles, W..C. Mason, William
H. Taylor, James 'A. 'Smilie; C. F.
Acker, E. Schween, H. D., Eliason, S.
Diavllla, Frank C. Eastman, P. N.
Bernays, H. D. .Cushlng, A. R. Coraer,
Edward Eccleston, D.-E. Collins, -Hugo
Abrahamson, /VV7 Cron Jr.;. Edward D.
Bronson, Frederick McFeeley, F. W.
Van Slcklen, H. D. Irwln, M. J. Lay
mance, D. H. McLaughlin and F. \ B.'
Granger. .
- ISSUE CALL TO PASTOR— Oakland. Sept,
6. — The- members of the- Tenth-avenue- Baptist
Church last night elected the Rev. Hurry L.
Boardman,- -. who .. recently came - to • this city
from -"Everett; ' Waslr,»V pastor of ; the > church.' *
Marriage licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William H. Gra
ham, over 21, and Edna E. Mc-
Cctcheon, over 18, both of Oakland;
Julius Sullbery, 39, and Christina
Johnson. 29, both of Oakland; Arthur
t£ Brodeur. 20, Oakland,' and Alice G.
Lucas, £0, Fruitvale; Jonathan E.
Haines, over 21, Oakland,' and Emily
C.Ross, over 18, Sacramento; Robert
Eibley. 23, Missonta, Mont.', and Ada C.
Stone, 22, Oakland; Arthur J. Cole
man, 24, and Tina Tobey,.18, both of
Berkeley; Phil B. Harris, over 21, Los
Angeles, and Faye L. Gans, over 18,
Bed Bluff. H|M
Military Salute la Fired at Funeral of
Yoxuic: Man Who Took His
Own. life.
OAKLAND, Sept. 3. — The funeral of
Arthur Skipper, who committed sui
cide at his parents' home - In Berke
ley, was held to-day under the aus
pices of Company F, National Guard
of California. The guard of honor
fired a military salute at the grave.
The funeral services were conducted
by the Rev. Arthur J. Rodell. The re
mains were»lnterred in Mountain View
Cemetery. - V. 5
COMRADES ESCORT REMAINS
OP ARTHUR SKIPPER
The name of Charles W. Hoag. .for
mer pastor of the Plymouth.-avenue
Church, who eloped with Mrs. W. W.
Benedict, was dropped from the mem
bership roll by the church. Hoag Has
retired from the ministry and Is now
practicing law.
VAKLAND. Sept. 8. — Final action
was taken last night by the congre
gations of the Plymouth-avenue and
the Oak Chapel Congregational
churches regarding: the consolidation
of the two churches. Ways and means
committees were appointed and it was
decided that the property now owned
by both churches should be sold and
a new building erected near the cor
ner of Morse and Piedmont avenues.
The cost of the new church will be
about $8000.
Xante of Former Pastor Is Stricken
FYom the 3IembershIp Roll
by Members.
CONGREGATIONS DECIDE
TO BUILD NEW CHURCH
From Et. Louie comes news of the serious
lllnes* cf Olie Snedigar. half back on last
>ear'» varsity and the crack sprinter and
Jumper. Snedigar is threatened with pneu
monia. "He caught a 'heavy cold during the
athletic games at the World's Fair and when
nearly too late discovered that his condition
was serious. Snedigar is needed for football
this year ft good deal more than last.
Thomas C. McKay, recently elected to an
lnstructorship in the mathematical department
caused tome little anxiety to his friends to-day
when he failed to appear to instruct his classes.
His friend. Professor G. H. Bcke, prepared to
notify the police of McKay's disappearance,
but thef latter settled all further trouble by
returning to-night. Being fond of the wheel,
Mr. McKay had ridden to Napa and forgotten
about his classes until too late. Then he was
bo fatigued from the heat that he was com
pelled to rest and return by train, which
brought him to Berkeley this evening.
Professor Elwood C. Perisho, head of the
department of geology at the University of
South Dakota, visited the university to-day.
. The wnii.r plaes nominated officers to-day
la North Hall and In no case will there be a
contest for an office. Raglan Tuttle was nom
inated for president. J. E. Dobbins for vie*
president. Miss Florence Dodge for second vice
president. Miss Alice Phillips for secretary,
W. E. Hawley for treasurer ; and J. L. Loeb
las- eerz* ant-at-arms.
The Fjrjpshfner. Debating Society has organ
ized by choosing F. A. White as temporary
chairman and J. A. Robinson temporary sec
retary. A constitution is being drawn up by
a committee consisting of E. J. Loeb, M. E.
Harrison and J. A. Robinson.
Miss Eduarda Howard. '04, , has** returned to
the footlights after a brief > absence, and Is
now one of 'the members of the stock company
playing "Tbe. Two Orphans'*, at the Liberty
Theater. CUV ' ' ¦ >
BERKELEY; Sept. -B.-i-Interest in the .pro
posed monument to tb» memory; of John
MJtchell. ih* lat* armorer and Indian fighter,
has been revived by a letter from Colonel
George W. Bauer to the executive commit
tee of the Associated- Students suggesting
that the memorial 'take tbe form of a drink
ing fountain, erected on some chosen spot on
the campus. A fund for this purpose was
established after Armorer Mitchell's death
last May, end, with' ft few more subscriptions,
enough money will be on band to build a
handsome fountain. The executive committee
has turned Colonel Bauer's suggestion over to
Harry Dehm, president of the Associated Stu
dents, "for an investigation and report. - «
In the death of William M. Plerson, whose
passing occurred laet Monday in San Fran
cisco, the university lost one of its most gen
erous benefactors. The principal of Mr. Pier
son'i gifts to the university -was an eight-inch
reflector that is now installed at the students',
observatory. Mr. Pierson was a student of
astronomy up to the hour of hla death, and a
member cf the Pacific Astronomical Society.
The Hearst Hall Sewing Club has been or
ganized bj a number of young women, who
felt the lees- of the industries club, from
which Mrs. ¦ Hearst withdrew her support last
term. Among, the members are Miss Susie Le
Fevre. Miss Grace Smith, Miss Alma Lee,
Miss Emma- Loomls. Miss Bell, Miss Kath
arine Magneson and Miss Helen Sackett. .
The Sport and Pastimes Association, the
women's, athletic association, has cet the even-
Ing of •> September 23 as the time for a mas
querade for women. The funds will be de
voted to the purchase of ft new : boat for exer
cising purposes on the Oakland estuary. Miss
BeMine Wollenberg is treasurer ¦ of the asso
ciation. Miss Lulu Williams .'secretary. Miss
Sue Rosa -manager of boating affairs. Miss
Gladys \Vlek5on manager of tennis and Miss
Lila Boynton manager of basketball.
C. G. Ro'gers. assistant lit physiology, ha'a
taken up his duties as lnstrucibr-lh' physiology
at the University of Kansas,' -to*which he was
recently called. ¦. ' * •*
ALAMEDA, Sept. 8.— Miss Marlon Hatha
way Gerald and Arthur* Carter Anderson /were
married last evening at 6 o'clock at the resi
denco of the parents of the bride, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward F. Gerald of 1B24 Chestnut street.
The- ceremony ••¦ was . perf ormofl by - the Rev.
Frank S. Brush of the- First Presbyterian
Church and was witnessed by a limited num
ber of relatives and intimate friends : of the
pair. . Mr. and Mrs. Anderson will ¦ spend their
honeymoon in Southern: California and will
then visit- the St. Louis 1 Exposition.; :Their
permanent home will be in Washington,* D.C.
Council; No.. 51 of the Young- Ladles' Insti
tute will give Its opening whist party -of .the
Mr. and • Mre. Edward H. Lohmann ' will
occupy their San Francisco apartments during
the winter months.
The engagement of Re?. D wight E. Potter,
pastor of ~he Union PresWyterlan Church and
Mies Dorothea Lewis of New York was an
nounced last evening. Mr. Potter expects to
leave . soon for China and the wedding will
take place before - he . goes. Miss Lewis is
general secretary of the T.«W. C. A. of New
York and a daughter of 'Rev. Henry Lewis.
Dr. George Glick, for twenty-five years presi.
dent of the First National Bank of Marshall ¦
town. Iowa, haa been spending the week with
his . niece, Mrs. . J. B. Whlnnery. 436 Thlrty
eeventh street. Although in his seventy- eighth
year. Dr. Glick is still In active service as
medical director of the Bankers' Life of Des
Moines. .He has also the added distinction of
being the oldest golf player ifitheUes Moines
Country dub. , Fifty years ago. Dr. Glick prac
ticed at Sacramento during the cholera epi
demic. Investing his earnings in a dairy and
selling milk nt $3 60 per gallon. Dr. Glick is
a thirty- second degree Mason and came to the
conclave with the Des Moines commandery.
.Miss- Annie McHaffle and Harold Wachs
were married last evening at the bride's home
on - Milton street.
Miss Carrie Miller of Alameda is also plan*
ning to entertain Mrs. Tripp on her return
and has selected September 30.
Miss Estelle Kleeman. who was to have en
tertained for Miss Shay last Monday, has post
poned the affair until after the bride's return
from her honeymoon. Miss Maud Campbell,
daughter of Judge Campbell of San . Jose, is
visiting "Miss" Kleeman and will be her guest
for some time. ¦
• Mr. Tripp was 'formerly i ft New Tork man,
but has made his home in California for some
time, being now with Holman & Co.. the San
Francisco car builders. On their return "from
their honeymoo« Mr. and Mrs. Tripp will re
side at the Shay home, where cozy apartment*
have been fitted up for them.
The groom was attended by Leland Shay.
Frank Shay and Clarence Shuey manipulated
the i ribbons.
. . The decorations wera elaborate and effective
a lattice of vines and pink blossoms forming
a bower where the ceremony took" place.
Supper waa served in a large marquee erect
ed on the lawn and lighted with many colored
lanterns.
The -bride's young sister. Miss Hazel Shay,
and Miss- Genevleve Shankland also 'attended
the bride In quaint, ehort-walstedxgowns of
pale green mulle and carrying La . Tosca
canes surmounted by bouquets, ' maidenhair
fern and long streamers of green satin ribbon.
Each young attendant had her 'hair piled
high and powdered, th* whole effect being very
pretty.,
In the presence of nearly 200 friends Miss
Elva Shay to-night became the bride of Ste
phen Reynolds Tripp. The brldo Is a tall,
slender girl with beautiful dark eyes and her
lace robe was both lovely and becoming. She
.carried a shower of Bride roses and a long
veiPot -tulle fell from her dark hair almost to
the edge -of the Wide lace flounce.
' . Alisa Blanche Cronan of Sacramento, the
bride's most intimate girl friend since they
were small children together, preceded her to
the altar. Her gown waa a dainty affair of
pink India eilk with a lac* berthe and yoke
of Persian" silk embroidery, and she carried a
shower of pink roses.
Miss Grace Jordan was the. only attendant
and wore a modish gown of, pink batiste lav
ishly adorned with shirred satin ribbon.
¦ Tbe groom was attended by Wilton Shuhaw.-
A unique and attractive feature of the wed
ding was the illumination of tbe garden with
numerous electrio lights.
Mr, and Mrs. Brodeur will extend their
honeymoon tour Indefinitely, and on their re
turn will reside for a while in Oakland. Mr.
Brodeur is a son of Dr. Brodeur, a prominent
physician of Roxton Falls, Canada.
•/ • •
OAKLAND. Sept. 8.— Two very charming
Oakjand, girls brld,e».^hla evening, the
p'icluresque" lYultvale'liomi'^of 'the William
Anguses being the scene of one wedding, while
oh Twenty-secorid'street tbV eldest* daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Shay was plighted • to
the man of . her choice. Both weddings occur
ring at identical moments were of more> than
usual interest, as the two' "families ar» each
the center of a large circle of friends.
Miss Alice Angus and Arthur Louis Bro
deur were united in marriage this evening at
8:30 o'clock by the Rev. William Carson Shaw,
pastor of. the- Church of the Advent and the
artistic arrangement of palms and trailing
clematis formed an effective background for aa
unusually pretty wedding picture. The bride's
gown of white point d'esprlt was a graceful,
fluffy creation. "elaborately trimmed with Alter
nate ruffles of silk and lace. Ruchlngs of
lace outlined the lace yoke and berth*, and
over all fell the rare old point lace veil that
had been worn by the bride's mother on a
similar occasion. The bridal bouquet waa of
Bride rosea.
TWO WEDDINGS
At the place where Rae claimed the
rtolen goldtiad been buried, not a trace
of it waa uncovered. The expectant
trio were as doomed to disappointment
as were the men of the olden time who
are said to have searched for pots of
gold at the foot of the rainbow.
Cronln and Boyd held a long inter
view with Chief of Police Hodgkins
this morning. They were reluctant to
say what had t>ecome of Rae. But they
told Hodgkins that their search had
utterly failed. Rae. apparently confi
dent, had guided the officers to the
hillside hiding place. He had told them
that twelve years ago -when the plun
der was hidden, a broken-handled
ehovel had been used to dig the hole
in the ground. Sure enough the shovel,
rusted and weather-beaten, was found,
also several pieces of rusted sheet iron,
which, it was said, had been used by
the Judson robbers as body shields
against bullets. These iron sheets were
similar to one that was found In the
buggy which the robbers abandoned
after a long drive through Oakland
after the theft was accomplished.
The three men dug around the epof
that Rae had pointed out. But all of
the digging was In vain. Rae could of
fer no explanation about the failure.
He could only say that some one had
found the gold before the searching
party arrived. Cronin and Boyd were
very guarded in their statements.' The
failure had left them In an uncom
municative frame of mind. In fact
Cronin was ready to make flat-denial to
the public that Ills mission to the north
had anything to do with gold seeking.
To the police the visitors' were not
quite so guarded, and to Hodgkins was
confided the tale of treasure trove that
w as not realized. .
United States Secret Service Agent
John Cronln and Detective Boyd of the
Los Angeles Police Department .ar
rived to-day after a fruitless quest
for the 115.000 stolen from Secretary
Gilson of the Judson Iron Works
twelve years ago, and supposed to have
been buried. George Rae, who led the
Southern California officers to a'se
questered spot In the Santa Cruz Moun
tains near Laurel failed, utterly. as a
guide to the hidden treasure.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Sept. 8.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The bush fire which broke out yes
terday morning on the Magee ranch,
in Redwood Canyon, - is still beyond
control and despite the efforts of near
ly one hundred volunteer fire fighters
continues to spread. Just after the fire
started it destroyed a large barn on
the Magee ranch.
The wind is now driving the flames
toward Leona Heights and there is
danger that the wood around Mills Col
lege may take fire. If this happens
the buildings of the college will be ex
posed to great danger. The extreme
heat of the last two days has rendered
grass and underbrush in the path of
the fire a& dry as tinker and this, aided
by the wind; makes the task of sub
duing the flames difficult.
As the air became cooler after the
sun had gone down, a breeze sprang up
which fanned the flames, which, in
spite of the efforts of the fire fighters.'
swept on toward Leona Heights. In
its course the fire passed within
1500 feet of the buildings of Mills
College, and some \ of the timber
around the grounds caught fire, but by
the hardest kind of work the college
was saved. „ Sweep'ing-up the hill the
flames reached the old Stockton Hotel,
which with its outbuildings was to
tally destroyed.
All possible methods were used to
check the flames but without success.
The fire reached the home of Mrs.
Ryer on. upper Cemetery avenue, and
in a few moments the house and barn
were burned to the ground.
At midnight the fire had reached, the
upper portion of Sausal Creek,
here the volunteer fire, brigade Is using
every endeavor, to check the. flames.
Just across the creek, directly in the
path of the flames, are cottages occu
pied by the families of Messrs. Hunt,
Gray and Wagoner, and unless. the fire
is extinguished these are doomed.
Two hundred men from all parts of
the surrounding country are out fight
ing the flames, but so far they have
been unsuccessful ln : making any im
pression on the fierce conflagrations'
Oakland Office San lYanclsco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 8.
The duty of citizens to register and
express their best judgment at the polls
Is the subject of a letter written by
Governor George C. Pardee to Deputy
County Clerk S. N. Wyclcbn*, who has
charge of the registrations of voters. In
answer to a report sent him on the
seeming apathy of the people of Ala
meda County to register. The Gov
ernor admits that it may be an incon
venience to register and go to the polls
to vote, but he says upon the sense
of duty which impels citizens to do this
the stability of Government depends.
While the estimated number of voters
in the county is 35,000, only 23,000:have
registered so far and but twenty days
more are left.
Upon this subject Governor Pardee
expresses himself as follows:
SACRAMENTO, September 6, 1904.
Hon. 8. N: Wyckoff, County Clerk" a office,
Oakland. Cal. — My Dear Sir: Answering -youns
of September 3. I am a little bit disposal to
be ashamed of tbe good people of Alameda
County on your showing- of their neglect to
register in order that they may vote at. the
coming election. It Is, of course, the duty of
every American citizen to e&rcl&« hie rlgat
of franchise In every election. If he neglects
to do that he Is not a flrst-classi citizen and
Is neglecting his duty to his country. In time
of war everybody Is eager to defend the na
tional honor and uphold the flax. In time cf
peace there la equal necessity for •rery citi
zen to do his part toward the election of proper
men to office. In time of war negtoct of duty
te treason; in time of peace neglect cf clvtC
duty Is equally treason:
The people of Alameda County are as patri
otic as those of any community In the world.
They are intelligent, and, in every way, worthy
of being called "good American I citizens."
liut If they neglect to register .they will be
Justly accused of not being as good American
citizens as they, should be.^ '• ¦*-'
Of course It Is somewhat of an inconvenience
to register. and vote. But no man. should hesi
tate to inconvenience himself- to do that which
is his duty and upon which depends the abso
lute stability and perpetuity of the American
nation. And I feel sure that Alameda County
will not permit it to be said of her that her
people are not good citizens. They always
have 'done their duty, and' I am sure they
always will. Very trmly your*. ... .
GEORGE C. PARDE».
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 8.
Uncover Nothing but Shovel
and Iron Said to Have
Been Used by the Thievejs
Inconvenience of Registra
tion Should Not Keep
Electors From the Polls
Despite Efforts of an Army
of Volunteer Fire Fighters
the Conflagration Spreads
GUIDE CANNOT EXPLAIN
. . . w . . I
XEARS MILLS COLLEGE
HOLDS IT IS A DUTY
Los A ngeles Officers Fail
to Find' Buried Plunder
- From the Judson Kobbery
Flames Sweep Up Eedwood
Canyon. Destroying Farm
Buildings and Cottages
Governor Tardee Declares
That Stability of Govern
ment Depends on This
GOLD SEEKERS
MISS TREASURE
FOREST FIRE
STILL RAGING
SAYS CITIZENS
SHOULD VOTE
TOUR AFOOT
IS PLAN FOR
HONEYMOON
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1904.
CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY GRAD
UATE, WHO. WITH HIS BRIDE,
"WILL TOUR EUROPE AFOOT.
.'. The more a man studies women the
less he knows about them.
BERKELEY, Sept. 8.— Frank Her
man Sandow, a carpenter, died to-day
at his home in South Berkeley of
heart troubles, his end having been
hastened by the Intense heat that pre
vailed yesterday. : . Sando W overtaxed
his strength while working on a
building in the hot sun.- At 3 o'clock
he was overcome and his fellow work
men were .forced to j carry him- to • his
home. A physician was called,- but
the stricken man had already passed
into such a condition of collapse that
resuscitation was impossible and he
died at 5 o'clock this .morning.
Sandow was well -known in South
Berkeley. Until recently, he was a
janitor at the University of Califor
nia. He was a member of Peralta
Camp of Woodmen of the. World, un
der whose auspices the funeral will
be held at 2 o'clock Saturday from
the late residence. Surviving the de
ceased .are a widow arid three chil
dren; • '.'.. "'¦.".'¦ .
Frank H. Santlow Labors Under, the
Rays of Hot Sun Until He Col
lapses and Demise Follows. \ ::- i \-r
INTENSE HEAT HASTENS
DEATH OP CARPENTER
The wedding of Mr. Todd and Miss
Gaddis will be celebrated at the South
Park Social Settlement In San Fran
cisco on Wednesday next. .The. place
that has been the scene of much of
their work will be the scene 'of the
most interesting event in their lives.
They will hold a reception for their
friends during the day and immediate
ly afterward leave for the East and
Europe.
"Florence/ Italy, will be our first
point of attack," said Mr. Todd at the
settlement to-day. "Prom that point
we will start on our tour of 'the va
rious countries. The i Itinerary In
cludes Italy, Austria, Spain, Prance,
Germany and finally England. Of
course, we won't walk all the way, be
cause there will be places where
we'll have. to ride, but. our*lntention Is
to foot it as much as we can. We ex
pect to be occupied until next June
on the trip. A large part of that time
will be devoted to study of the peasan
try and thir habits and habitations."
6
i '--.\ i _;.'-. ' ADVERTISEMENTS. --^- ( ; . .
- - - " - - ... '. ' , . ."• " "--: .:¦• f~. : . -7 '.¦;; «-
Sk P3I 1 0b ? S the i°? of the hous ehold, for without
El8a W& UK W ' lt n ° ha PP iness can b « completei Ho vr
B^lpS SOi [J «weet the picture of mother and babei
,-"™" r - "™ 7^. angels smile; at an«J - commend '\bo
B a jwtk m ijFgK m v'.- - -. ' ou ghts and aspirations of the mother
wS MM S if™ Sn ben . din^ over the cradle. The ordeal through
W Bll I H W which . the cx P€ctant mother must pas3, how-
W la^^Sa cver ' ** so u1^ of danger and suffering that
, ' t .1 ~ s hc looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel thejexquisite thrill. of motherhood with indescribable dread and
f af VM k- C 5C m il n ¦¦^ >lll | 4.kaowthat the danger, pain and Horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend.
ft r C l C , S h ° lmCnt forcxt J ernal U8C only, which toiighensand renders
pliable all the parts, and -• -¦¦ ¦- .. -- t. ¦+. . %
and. witHout, pain. 5 Sold at $1.00 per Mil |ffln — — -» — —^
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless fCffi9HK:B^BHl
value to all women sent free. Address B 8 ffi& M P m H
BRADF1ELD RCOULATOB OO^ 4/W«. m+ 1 EIEIbIW
; FREE. ¦ FREE.
PERFJUMES.
A 40-cent Bottle of •
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
Made in California and con-
tain tbe fragrance of California's .
fields and forests because they
¦are -, ,. ';
"Perfumes , Made .Where, the
Flowers Grow." > '
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
See announcement on classi-
Jxed advertising page. ;
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN,
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. '
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.'' ' v *_^~ v
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
14S5 Park Street. * v *
Telephone Alameda 559.'' ATTORNEY <*"¦ WOODWORTH -¦ LEAVES.—
United. States District . Attorney j. Woodworth
left last^ evening. for an official visit. to the
southern ¦ portion , of ; the, district.
Down at San Diego the -principal topic
of conversation Is the mix-up over the
yacht races' held last "week .'for .the. Sir
Thomas LIpton cup. The racing .rules
were wrong and the Corinthian Yacht
Club, custodian; of the. cup, held. the race
as 'a. "free-for-all,", though' their deed of
gift from * Sir ! Thomas called for thirty
footers only. The race ought to have
been held at San -Francisco- and then : the
yachtsmen >. could ., have been served with
good . meals : cooked : on . a : gas • range '. pur
chased of.the.S. F.Gas and '.Electric -Co.;
415 Post street. f' - .
I'Ymnd I>ead With Its Nose Against
. Open Jet in a Gas
St&vc.
DISAPPOINTED DOG 3IAY
HAVE TAKEN'- OWN LIFE
PORTLAND, Sept. 8.— -Brown Boy,
u thoroughbred spaniel, owned by W.
II. Boyer, . the musical director,' is
dead. Boyer thinks he committed
suicide.
The dog was a marvel of intelli
gence. He accompanied his master
and mistress on almost every occasion.
I«ast evening- he was' shut up In ;the
kitchen' ajjainst hi3 most- earnest pro
test and when the family returned the
strong odor of gas directed attention
to the kitchen. There lay Brown Boy
dead, with his nose against an open
pas? jet in the kitchen stove.
Brown Boy had a narrow escape
from, accidental death a short time
sgo from.this same jet, hence the sus
picion of suicide. _
1 CHARGED. WITH- LIBEL.— G. T>. Koita. a
barber was arrested yesterday on a warrant
issued by Police Judge Cabanlss. charging
him with libel. . Ho wa*. released en $10 cash
bail The complainlns witness! against him
jV.Jt.tc de la Kuentc. 11C9 Clay *tre«t. who
allccea that Kotta caused to.be published In
t JpanlEh paper an article reflecting upon
Fuentc'a character; .and j accusing • . him,
amon? other "things ; of belny a __of;
£aua." i '- ¦
Mrs. W. G. Howard has sued Mrs.
I. E. Russell and H. M. Russellfor the
recovery of $6850. The' plaintiff al
leges in her complaint that she rented
a room for herself and daughter in
a lodging-house belonging toj the
defendants at 825 Mason street.
Mrs. Howard left .shortly, afterward
foran outing in the country. She
says- that during her absence the fur
nishings - In the ' room • were removed
and filthy arid unsanitary furnishings
were substituted therefor. :
Sues Lodging-House Keepers.
A petition was filed In the Superior
Court" yesterday for letters of guar
dianship over the estate of Peter
Donohue, who is now in London, by
his cousin, James P. Donohue, and his
brother-in-law, James P. Burke, who
lives in Ireland. Peter J. Donohue
was adjudged incompetent in 1903 by
the master of the Lunacy Court of
Chancery of England and Archbishop
Vaughan was appointed his guardian.
Donohue left this State for England
in 1896 and. has been living there ever
since. He is a legal resident of this
State. He is a nephew of Peter Dono
hue, who built the California North
western Railroad. He had beenVln
London some time before he was ad
judged an incompetent.
Donohue is said to be worth
$1*000,000, having property in' this
States that yields an income of about
$12,000 per year.
; A petition for guardianship of Peter
Donohue. was: filed' some time a,?o by
the Baroness von Schroeder. r^
Relatives Seek to Take Charge of the
Affairs of Cousin of Baroness
Von Schroeder.
MONTEREY, Sept. 8. — Clara Soy
i.er, the 6-year-old daughter of Frank
Soyzer, a rancher, residing about
twenty-five miles south of Monterey,
died this morning while being brought
Into town for 'medical treatment. \
Yesterday morning the child "was
piaying about a fire in the yard which
her mother had lighted to burn some
rubbish. The mother stepped out of
sight for a moment and on her re
tvrn found the little girl's clothes
ablaze. The flames were quickly ex
tinguished, but not before the child
had been severely burned about the
body. It was thought she would re
cover easily, but she . became worse
this morning, and her parents, becom
ing alarmed, decided to bring her into
town for treatment. They had come
but a short distance when the child
died.
Burns Cause Death of Little One En
Route From Ranch for Medi
cal Treatment.
START TOO LATE FOR AID
TO SAVE LIFE. OF CHILD
WANT TO BE GUARDIANS OF
WEALTHY PETER DONOHUE
The Southern Pacific will give half-hour
t-prviee en both broad-gauge and narrow-gauge
fenks aftrr *i o'clock Tuesday and Friday
fvenlnys. SrpTf-mbtr C and 9. instead of hourly
•-•Tile*, as ordinarily. • .; • i
Kxtra Ferry Service to Oakland and
Alameda.
Dynamite and Shovels for Canal.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 8. — The
Panama Canal Commission to-day
called for proposals for eleven steam
shovels and directed the purchase of
a large quantity of dynamite and
The elegant steamer H. J. Corcoran,
dally to U. S.^Navy Yard and Vallejo,
round trip 60c. Special excursion Sun
day. Sept. 11, up the Sacramento River,
passing all points of Interest, round trip
$1 00. Leaves north end Ferry building
9:30 a. m., returns 7 p. m. See time ta
ble in this paper. Phone Main 641. . *
Bay and River Excursions.
List of Those Who Have Registered
at State Buildlnc:.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 8. — The following
Californians have registered at the
California building:
San Francisco— C. ; E. Wheeler and family,
F. Gutgg, H. Melsen. A. W. Nielsen. L. Nook,
K. Nook. C. E. Tucker. A. G. Wlshon and fam
ily. D. L. Wlshon and wife. O. A. Schoning,
C. K. Rothschild. Miss E. Moore, G. J. Me-
Cl»nehall. Mrs. W. M. Melsen.
Los Anjfcles — JIn>. M. Page. O. B. Carter.
Mrs. G. Hunt. A. V. Hanill. Miss I. Gothard.
M. Gothard. Mrs. T. M. Lynn, II. W. Rosk,
W. T. Craig and wife. J. D. Porcher, Miss F.
.Tessup. H. G. L<oudon. A H. Lonicley. L. H.
rhillipp. Miss G. Hill. J. Hill. J. B. Ben
ner and wife. H. Koch and wife, J. C. Mc-
Clung, Dr. J. T. Gothard and wife, O. Phil
lip*.
C. Wolfsen. F. W. Wolfsen, Merced; F. W.
Hill. G. II. Hanson and wife. San Jove; Mrs.
M. M. Parker. G. E. Holdenman, Pasadena; F.
Flesher, K. P. Frisby, Napa; C. B. Brown and
family. H. F. Ellis and family. J. B. North
grave and wife, Stockton; F. Juadd. D. N.
Nelson. Bakemfleld : S. C. Hooper, San Ber
nardino; A. W. Hutchison, Oakland. A. F.
White. C. White. Oakland; V. D..WhUmore.
Cruse; W. C. Crlttenden, Berkeley; A. Bell and
wife. Bell; K. R. Phillips, E. Hooper. San
Bernardino; C. L. Hudda. San Diego; C. T.
Brown. Pcrtersville; H. W. Candron. Visalia;
H. Rauktn. Santa Ana; Mrs. H. H. Schutz,
Arbuckle; C. W. Heralnger. Redding: D. Hay
rion. Santa Maria; M. Pond, Alameda; J. D.
Turner, Modesto; V. A. McGeorge, Eureka; F.
A. Bouterious, Oakland; II. Kuhlman, Ontario;
J. R. Candron, Visalia: A. E. Wlshon. Fresno:
M. O. Priece. Riverside; O. M. Bullock and
wife, Oakland: C V. Newton. Woodbrldge;
Mrs. R. A. Gibbons Brown, Portersfleld; Mrs.
D. W. Nelson Bakersfield; I. P. Clarke and
wife. Alameda: T. K. Underwood, Whittler;
H. Wilscn and wife, Etlwanda.
CALIFORXIANS AT FAIR.
BALLOON ASCENSIONIST
DIES FROM BROKEN; NECK
Illinois Aeronaut Loses Life by Tans
ling With a Tree In Parachute
Descent.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— A dispatch to
the Tribune from Tuscola, 111., says:
Joseph Elsie, - an aeronaut, has been
killed while making a balloon ascension
and parachute leap at the Douglass
County Fair. While descending his
parachute was caught in the top of a
tree and he fell 100 feet, breaking his
neck. His home was in Louisville, Ky.
Card Systems and Cabinets.
Index cards, filing cabinets, loose leaf
ledgers and all modern systems in our
stationery, department. Printing and
bookbinding at lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
CRANDELLi INDICTED.— The United States
Grand Jury yesterday returned a true bill of
Indictment against Jesse L. Crandell for mak
ing and having in his possession a mold for
counterfeit coin.
NEW YORK. . Sept. 8.— Magistrate
Pool has laid down a unique ruling in
cases of saloon brawls. Two negroes
were brought before him, one having
charged the other with disorderly con
duct and attempting to cut the plaintiff
with a razorl The fight occurred In a
saloon where the negroes • had been
drinking together.
When thjs.was^made known the
magistrate ruled:! !. '.".'.
"A. man. cannot be disorderly in a
saloon," and dismissed the case.
ROUGH HOUSE APPROVED
BY EASTERN MAGISTRATE
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— The Statue of
Liberty, erected on Bedloe's Island in
1886, is to be. repaired. It has begun to
show the effects of the weather, which
detracted much from its appearance.
The War Department, . which now has
control of the island, will have the
statue thoroughly cleaned, the bronze
tablets repaired, the masonry reno
vated and "an electric passenger eleva
tor installed to replace the wooden
stairway running to the observatory.
Picturesque Figure In the New
York Harbor Is to Be
Renovated.
STATUE OF LIBERTY
NEEDS *A DRESS3IAKER
They Throw Carbolic Acid Into Face
of Woman and Then Take
Her Jewelry.
, CHICAGO, 'Sept. 8 —Miss Mabel
McPherson, living at 1218 Sheridan
road, discovered two burglars In her
room early to-day. They threw the
contents of a bottle containing car
bolic acid upon her, burning her face
and neck.
Miss McPherson is a sister-in-law of
Benjamin F. Crawford, president of
the National Biscuit Company, and is
visiting at his home on Sheridan road.
Miss McPherson will recover, but she
will be scarred for life.
The burglars secured a quantity of
silverware and jewelry. and escaped.
UNIQUE METHODS ARE
ADOPTED BY BURGLARS
tvelcoine to the rUltlns Californians.
Past Grand President Lewis E. By
ingtnn of the Native Sons will deliver
an introductory address. Frank J. Sul
livan will speak of the "Pioneers" and
«Jrand President C. E. McLaughlin will
talk of the "Sons of California." Sis
ter Anna. Raphael of Noire Dame will
•leliver an original poem and Mrs. Ella
CaminetU, grand president of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West,
v.ill speak on the "Native Daughters
of California." Announcement of fur
ther numbers on the programme will
be made by Past Grand President H.
R. McNoble. .;:
After the exercises a reception and
riiFtiibution of fruit brought on by the
Natives «i!l be held on California Hill,
just back of the State building, where
maples will give shade or protection
from cloudbursts. The name was given
the hill by Isaac Taylor, director of
\vorks of the fair, who said the Cali
fornia commission had discovered it
and that they were entitled to the
r.ame.
The California and San Francisco
buildings will be open to the visitors.
The exercises following the parade
are to be held In the Hall of Con
gresses, one of the permanent build
ings of the Washington University
group rented by the fair during its ex
ist fixe. President Francis of the ex
position is to speak. He will extend a
Captain Will Harris, chairman of the
ccmir.itiee on parade, sas used his best
efforts to make bears a feature and he
has searched the fair grounds to find
real live ones that are weli behaved
enough to march with the Native Sons.
Harris has seen every bear he could
gpt a. trace uf and endeavored to get
their owners to give them an outing
on September 9. He has negotiattd
for a t»et of wheels for the prune griz
zly in frunt of the Sacramento display.
The bears have been promised a chance
at the fruit to bs distributed. Roy
Brooke and Webb N. Pearce are the
other members of. the committee on
parade and they have been assisting
in the bear hunt and loosing up other
features.
The other committees on the Cali
fornia celebration are:
Programme— Robert Furlonr, J.. W. Erwin.
1*. It :-overri£ii.
r:tc*ftlon — C'harlfs I- V. - ilson, Mils Bertie
Orrih t?iJ Gecrge P. Dennie.
ncfn^hmpr.tfc— Lloyd chllds. J. H. "Wills and
Frank a. Kimball.
I^ccration^-Charlcs F. Wycr, G. E. Hyde
and Mia AcJdie M«*e.
Printinjt *«"1 badge* — Robert Gray. J. H.
Marline and bamue! Butler.
Prt^t—C'aivin 13. Urcwn. C. W. Merritt and
C. A. Ulack.
CALL BUREAU. WORLDS FAIR.
sT. LOUIS. Sept. 8.— Committees
cbosea at a gathering of Californians
called by Stale CoaimisEioners Filcher
and Wiggins have been at work for
mure than a week arranging, the de
tails of California, day at the exposi
tion and all is in readiness for the cel
ebration in this distant city of the
*Jolden Slate's admission into the Un
ion. There will be brtss bands, car
riages, bannc-rs, enthusiasm and all
that goes to rsake up a successful pro
ccssien ar.«J afternart.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
"Yerington appealed to Px-esident
; Francis, who yesterday asked Gov
ernor Sharks to rescind his action and
secure a small additional appropriation
. to pay running expenses to the close
| of the fair.
i "Yerington says that the original
' $20,000 appropriation made by his State
I ran out six weeks ago and since that
! time the salaries and Incidental ex-
J penses have been paid out of his own
j pocket.
I "The action of Governor Sparks is
j attributed by Yerington to political
• motl\*es, as part of the scheme to de
! feat him for Congress. Prior to his
¦ nomination for Congress, Yerington
says, he received repeated assurances
from Governor Sparks that an addi
tional appropriation would be forth
coming when needed. Yerington holds
that instead of discrediting him, the
programme adopted by the State ad
ministration will only operate as a
'roorback 1 when the facts become
known. He is chiefly interested at
present in saving the State from with
drawing from the exposition.
"President Francis has informed
I Governor Sparks that the charges of
money being wasted are groundless and
that the State exhibit is among the
best at the fair, considering the small
" appropriation. . Charles M. Reeves.
chief of domestic exploitation, will take
up the subject with Governor Sparks,
supplying him with figures bearing out
President Francis' statement."
: Special DUpatch to The Call.
| ST. LOUIS, Sep. 8.— The Globe-Demo
crat says: "Nevada's appropriation for
the World's Fair has been exhausted
and unless the State makes an ad
ditional appropriation Immediately the
I State building and the State exhibit
'will be* closed within a few days. /The
, announcement was made yesterday by
• J. A. Yerington, executive commis
j sioncr for Nevada, who said that a
! further appropriation had virtually
j been denied by Governor Sparks in a
j telegram sent to Yerington on Mon
!day. ' x ; : i-y.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 8.— Reports received
In St. Paul to-day, coming from a re
liable source, state that L. R. Man
ning, of Tacoma has informed railway
officials at that point that he is the
personal representative of John T.
Woodward, president of the Hanover
National Bank of New York City, a
Rockefeller Institution, and that deeds
to all the Seattle and Tacoma prop
erty which he has acquired during the
past . six months- are in President
Woodward's hands. -
President Woodward, Manning now
says, is acting for a new transconti
nental route, ¦ to be pushed through
to the Pacific Coast within a short
time. Manning refuses to name the
railway, but intimates that the re
ports that the recent- heavy purchases
of terminals were in the interest of
the Harriman combine were for from
the truth.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— One in every
three school children In Chicago, it is es
timated, is a victim of some form of ner
vousness, mild or ' aggravated. : This is
the finding of public school pedagogues
after observations extending more than
a year. The prevalence of nervous dis
orders among children is attributed to
the following causes:
Strenuous city life.
Impure city atmosphere.
The bringing up of children in flat
buildings. S^''- f'^^'f,
No relief from noise, day or night.
Lack of proper nutrition.
Late hours permitted by parents.
Residence along cable and trolley car
lines. " '.''iy -':'::-.
The finding is based on statistics col
lected in every part of the city. Of 300
pupils examined by the child study de
partment of the School Board during
the last year,' a large majority of defec
tives were found to be sufferers from
diseases of the nerves. According to the
assistant supervisor of the child study
department, the nervous affections
usually took one of two forms—slug
gishness and mental - depression with
tendencies toward melancholia, or un
controllable nervous twitchings.
Special Dispatch to Thu Call.
Admission Day Will Be Made
Memorable to Eastern Visi
tors at the Exposition
Agent Who Acquired Seattle
and Tacoma Properties
Explains the Pnrchase
Strenuous City Life, Late
Hours and Impure Atmos
phere Destroying Health
¦Governor Sparks Denies
I Commissioner Yerington's
Request for Appropriation
KEAKS ABB IX DEMAND
I NO COIN
-
BUYING / MUCH LAND
CAUSES ARE NUMEROUS
Alfred Schwartz, boiler-maker, lives
In the 100 block on Fairmont street
and so does Miss Gertrude Johnson
and her mother. To make the coin
cidence even more • remarkable, both
Mr. Schwartz and .Miss Johnson are
pigeon fanciers and maintain rival
coops. "'When fourteen of the Schwartz
pigeons abandoned their home . and
took up residence with the Johnson
birds Mrs. Schwartz . hotly accused
Miss Johnson of having exercised siren
arts to lure away his property, . and
when the young lady and her mother
warmly resented the imputation Mr.
Schwartz exploded • some language
that good breeding -prohibits In the
presence of the gentler sex. That hap
pened last Saturday, afternoon.
David Lynch, car repairer, called to
visit Miss Johnson last Sunday.- after-
Alfred Zollner of 2204 Stelner
street complained that .Theodore
Frank of San Diego was neglecting his
2-year-old son, Basil, but Mrs. . Al
freda C. Frank, wife of the accused,
wrote from San Diego to notify Judge
Mogan that she would like to have the
charge dismissed, as she had person
ally investigated the matter and found
that Basil was very weir taken care
of by his male .parent. Dismissal or
dered accordingly. _ •
"Was the main event much of a
fight?" inquired Judge Mogan, before
whom Master Woest was charged with
malicious mischief.
"Naw," was the answer; "Wolff
didn't show and his substertoot wuz
punched out in de third."
"I think you have been sufficiently
punished by witnessing such a no ac
count scrap," said the Judge, and
Master Woest went free.
While the amateur boxing exhibition
was in progress at Woodward's Pa
vilion last Wednesday evening, Henry
Woest, about 16 years of age, burst
open a side door of the big structure
and thus obtained free admittance for
himself and a number of companions.
Judge Cabanlss ordered Eugene H.
Bruce, a lather, to pay his divorced wife
iS a month for the support of their
six-year-old daughter. When the
Bruces were separated by .the Superior
Court the parents of the little one were
instructed that they could alternate in
taking care of her, the father to have
her for. six months and the mother to
be the child's custodian the remainder
of the year. The .' father remarried.
while the mother remained single* and
supported herself and the child by
doing housework, earning about $30 a
month. As she found her salary in
adequate to provide the little girl with
food, clothing and necessary medical
attendance, she enlisted the aid of Mrs.
John Pettle, president of the Universal
Service Society, to compel the father to
contribute to its maintenance, as he
was earning $3.60 a day and had only
his second wife to provide for.
Bruce offered to relieve the mother of
the child's care entirely, but the mere
suggestion of being separated from
her daughter made the woman burst
into hysterical weeping. Her equanim
ity was restored by the Judge's order.
Mr. Demar's tale was repeated to the
chief of detectives, and some of the
best talent in that official's corps was
put to work on the case. - ..,
It was in a saloon somewhere near
the intersection of Sixth and N Market
streets that Mr. Demar met misfortune.
He had spent the greater portion of
the night in a Mason street restaurant
with some friends, three women and
two men, and when the party broke up
they left him at Sixth and Market
streets, his intention being to go to his
apartment at 32 Golden Gate avenue.
Fate, however, prompted him to take
a drink k before retiring, and he went
into a saloon for that purpose. He car
ried a bouquet which his friends had
given him,' and as he stood at the bar
some men who were present began to
help themselves to the flowers. When he
objected to the larceny, one of the men
struck him on the* eye and Demar ran
from the place, engaged a hack and
was driven to the Emergency Hospital,
where the injured optic was attended
to. Then he re-entered the carriage
and rode back to the saloon. He called
for a drink, he avers, and does not re
member exactly what happened after
that, although he has dim recollec
tion of having been dragged into 41 rear
room. It was at 6:30 o'clock that Spe
cial Policeman Donohue found /him
fighting with the attaches of a res
taurant on Sixth street, near Steven
son. His coat was off, and he was ap
parently crazed.
"This is a most unfortunate occur
rence," said Judge Mogan, after Mr.
Demar's story had been told. "It is
apparent that this gentleman was
drugged and robbed, and I hope the po
lice will leave nothing undone that may
lead to the recovery of his property
and the punishment of those who rob
bed him."
There is one visiting Knight Templar
who will need no material souvenir to
remind him of his stay in San Fran
cisco. He is Leo Demar, a wine mer
chant of Boston. Yesterday ' morning
he underwent the memorable experi
ence of being beaten, robbed and ar
rested. One v f his eyes was badly bat
tered and he lost $650 cash and a watch
valued at 5250. Then he was run in for
disturbing the peace, but the prison of
ficials released him when they found
on his person $95 which the thieves had
overlooked. When the evidence was
heard by Police Judge Mogan he dis
missed the case and expressed Sym
pathy for the defendant.
Antone Caredis, peddler of grapes,
swore that he was unable to prevent
the " obstruction of \ Kearny street ! by
his attenuated steedr He used all the
suasive power at his command to in
duce the animal to move on, he said,
but the only response was a more firm
planting of its hoofs and enhanced
rigidity of Its scrawny legs. In a word,
it balked. When' he resorted to cor
poral punishment some of the specta
tors shouted "Shame!" and one old lady
threatened him* with tar and feathers
for cruelty to the dumb beast. A
suggestion that he apply the fire test
was immediately adopted, but when
the horse felt the heat from the blaz
ing paper underneath his abdomen he
moved just far enough ahead to trans
fer the flame to the body of the wagon
arid threaten it with destruction. Then
the policeman appeared and arrested
both man and horse for obstructing a
thoroughfare, and with wonted perver
sity the horse instantly became most
tractable and ! followed its uniformed
custodian as if it were a faithful dog.
"Ah, heaven!" exclaimed Antone, in
conclusion: ' "It Is not the horse,' but
the wicked pig!"
Sentence postponed until to-morrow.
Of course the policeman could not
preserve his official ; dignity and . let
the epithet go unrebuked. He arrest
ed Quong, charged him with peace dis
turbance and had the satisfaction of
hearing Judge Mogan impose a fine
of %o. Yap was in court and eager to
testify, but his* Honor adroitly side
stepped the ordeal. -.-..:'
Quong Gaw and his wife, Yap, broke
away from the custom of their race,
went a-shopplng in the -Caucasian dis
trict and came to grief. They were in
specting oil cloths in a Stockton
street store when Quong and the sales
man became involved in altercation
as to the price bid and asked and Yap
contributed so vociferously to the dis
cussion that Patrolman George Doug
lass dropped in to see what the ar
gument was about and incidentally to
preserve the peace. He gently hinted
jto Yap that the argument could.be ef
fectively maintained without her par
ticipation, and in native Jabber she
asked Quong if he were going to per
mit her to be insulted. Whereupon
Quong swung around and, addressing
the officer, said:
"What fo* you buttee in? You dam
fool! Sabe?"
George H. Kellogg, 6 7 years of age and
looking every hour of it, was accused
or hojding the door of a Stockton
slreet grocery, a la Davy Crockett. in
the wolf scene, and preventing In
gress or egress of customers until a
brawny policeman removed the bar
rier after some difficulty. In defense
of his conduct Mr. Kellogg pleaded in
toxication.
"You are an old man, Mr. Kellogg,"
said Judge Mogan, "but it's never too
late to mend. If you promise to take
a. temperance pledge and keep it, I'll
let you go."
The promise was given with alacrity.
noon, and, of course, he was told all
about the unpleasant conduct of Mr.
Schwartz. When the visitor, was tak
ing his departure .the, ladies escorted
him to the front grate, and, leaning
upon the fence, Mrs. Johnson told him
again of the Schwartz : incident. Mr.
Lynch expressed •; sympathy . for the
women and condemnation of Mr.
fcVhwartz. The denunciatory remarks
M'&re apparently audible to their sub
ject, for while Mr. Lynch' was still
holding: forth he was suddenly -and
severely smitten; 1 on the back of the
head by one of j Mr. : Schwartz's fists,
the blow being so forcible as to pros
trate him. Arrest of Mr. Schwartz for
battery. :
The testimony of Miss Johnson and
her mother before Judge : Mogan was
unsparing of Mr.. Schwartz, who was
pronounced guilty as charged and or
dered to appear for sentence to-mor
row. ;
Silver State's Building at
' the St. Louis Exposi
tion May. Be Closed
Si. Louis World's Fair Is
to Be Owned by Natives
of State for Few Hours
One Child in Every Three
in the Chicago Schools
Found to Be Affected
Eockefeller Backing a Pro
ject With Puget'. Sound
as Its Pacific Terminus
Leo Demar, a Wine Merchant of Boston, Falls Among
Thieves in a Saloon, and After They Have Blackened
One of His Eyes and Robbed Him He Is Arrested
ONE DAY GIVEN
TO CALIFORNIA
TOTS SUFFER
FROM "NERVES"
NEW RAILROAD
TO THE COAST
NEVADA'S FUND
IS EXHAUSTED
VISITING KNIGHT TEMPLAR
IS PLUNDERED AND BEATEN
THE'SAN FRANGISGO CALL, /FRIDAY; SEPTEMBER 9, 1904.
7
FREE. -FREE..
PERFUMES.
A 40-cent Bottle of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
Made in California and con-
tain the fragrance of California's
5 fields and ' forests 'because they
are ..
VPerfume8 Made '- Where the
Flowers Grow."
FREE TO WANT AD ? PA-
• TRONS OF TJIE CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied advertising page.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
rjjTfl Hi \m Kh9
I Brand m
fl Evaporated m
h Cream m
111 Is of uniform quality at all
lH seasons, ah'ayspure. heavy g||
Ml In consistence, of delicious |p
HI flavor and appetizing ap- e|| ;
1|b Ask for ths brand with fgzl
||i the "Helvetia" cap label. |8||
PI Mac * e tiie Iar S est P r0 " SS
lS|fi ducers of Evaporated jragoL
j£||g3 Cream in ths world. hbeSl
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. \ For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.*
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat 5
fHUSEUH OF AaaTOHY?
A Cb ic3nur.tre si.ti*, i\u?x zj.ul a
\ <Zf "**>' Larcei: Aattemical Muitum ia the \
/0 ¦*«£. World. Wlltncxn or iny enmract-d A
1 S3S3 d-sene cared ny th* oMe»t V
A gig*: £ M - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN S
\ W C)E73y Contulution fret ind strictly print e. \
ff 1 jSytfR Tre * laieI1 « p-r»on»1iy or b» "irttrr. A Q
fly OB ftrinv* CVna e»e;y c*:enndeniJc-n. Y
AP 3 u t5 w rft* <<> r *«*• raiLaxony «r A
V * if HI n&iiauu. maiuw rxks. i a v
A (i t* Tiiu«bl« book for Bra) - >
V I>B. Jon»A> <t«:o. 1MI MmrketSt..S. F. V
CUTLERY
EVERYBLADEVftRRANTED
I ORlPIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL' ¦ •
0BSCOVERV
» FOR THE
\ tfLOOP t LlVER.HJ WCS;
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEAB>'T ST. Kstabllsbed
In 1SS4 for the treatment At I'ri v»t»
niieaies, ls>« t Manbood. Debilitj or
'1i«pa»<- wearing on body and mind and
Sktn Dlawsses. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try htm. rbarjrra low.,
«'nrr« eranrjiiit**-*!. Call or writ*.
t»r. J. P. (SinnoX, sou Francisco. Cat. •
OCEAN TRAVEL.
. l ><t£"2^s v Steamers leave Broadway
Ajy^vfiS wharrea (piers 9 and 11>.
APfC' £•" Francisco:
fffjnm m_ \U\ For Ketchikaa. Wranjpl.
I I \W*lva I 1 Juneau. Hainee, Skagw«r.
I V ifttA / I etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
v*k \\ m> Vet I- "• 12 « 17 « — • Octob « r *•
VXsJL^^XxX^ . Change to this company's
XjfJjjrJWv' steamer* at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
llngham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 2. 7. 12. ,17. 23. 27.
October 2. Change at Seattle to this company'*
¦teamen for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Se-
attle or Tacoma to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C.'P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboHt Bay) — Pomoaa. 1:34
o. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. October 1; Corona.
ISO p. m.. Sept. 4. 1». 1«. 22. 23. October 4.
For Lo« Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Hedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Eanta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
'State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. ra.
' For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis ' Obisoo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Sept. 4. 12, 20. 23. October f.
¦ Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 18. 21. October 2.
i ' For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Maxatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.». 10 . m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*.
TICKET ORICSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freijrnt Offlee, 10 Market at.
C D DUXANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market it.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. win
call for and eheck baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AAMnlitff C I* A **"*"• IAU0 *- R( *
:iV _ 0IR£CI "¦* *> MHIIfc
a"~S*MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14. 11 a. ra.
: s' S \LAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. IT. 11 a.m.
< i SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. ¦ Auck*
"land and Sydney, Thursday. Sept. 29. 2 p. ra.
I D.SPEICKELS k BROS. CO., lzts.,lictel 031M 6+3 Mir-
8 L rRlJ&t OfflM 329 Marat si, Pier 7, pacing sl
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _^-»*«
t-aUlns every Thursday instead ot ij0Jr*3i>
lawrday. It 10 a. m.. from Pier 43. *S*W3
North P.iver. foot of Morton st.
Fteat class to Havre. 170 and upwaH. 8«cob<I
ei.s^ta Havre.. *43 and upward. GENERAL
ACSENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ArjAl 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Nm
Terk J F FUGAZI & CO.. Paclno Cowl
Actnts 6 Montcomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' *<>'<» * T a " Ticket Agents.
• To tJ. S. Savy Tard sad Tallojo.
Stmr." H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S.- F.. foot ot
Clay st. north end ferry bldg.— Week days,
»-Su"A.*M. •» aDd *» P.-M.: Sundays. »; 3t
AM. 8 Pi M- Leaves Vallejo— Week ¦ days.
6-*5o A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. XL; Sundays, i
P* ii. . Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rat.? i
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and' Martin**,
60c 'round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOO DA U,
CO.. Phone, Main Ml. "Saturday except sd.
To XT. S. 3T*vt Tara *nl Valtojo. -
Etmra. General Frlsbie. Man tlcello and Arrow
9:15 a. m.. 12:iT>. 3:15. «. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Sun. >¦
guudays. v:45a. ra.. 8:3u p. m. Leave Vau*j,
7. » a. as.. 12:30. a : 15. « p. m. (ex. Sua.); Sun-
days. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 3, foot MU-
ttcu itrett; coon* Mala 1503. HATCH BROd
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children,
Tba Kind You Have Always Bought
Sears tJte >^ /a s / st
Si&naturo of C^L«/^x ficoCcJuA?
iC0H69Lv9 and
XJUAXilXQ BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THK
WEST.
Over ci Tost st..' San Francisco. Ca!.
KH*b. ij \rars. Optn entire year, <Iay & n'.gbt.
VTrlte fcr circular! (tret).
Polytechnic Bu*i-
-^^^^%!fj&&. new College tad
Jtt^-EiSwJ^iif 3«ri=ar. Oakland, ¦
P^~'tiX*Z&?& Cxl L-ZTsrst and .
*" btRt quipped »chool I
i-lEL2!^Jtt:- t ip c ' k 1 "*--*. KJiorthand !
• l'7t^^SiS-»iLi>S r< ' r Ctlcago. Perfect i
¦~- ~.i "'— ¦* mI-'*^^' climate. Kxpensts '
.L. <3 iow. WrSte lor > tret '
. j
THE LYCEU/n. \
An accredited pre.-.eratcry tchool for the un!- I
si'-y. fan- and tnedkal coUeg**. la well j
L"^i!' !or !l * fArefu l *"<5 thoronjrh work. Come j
.2 ,*' t; ' u *: ** pr»j*re >ou Well: refer- I
sss?. Srtir^sss." any stanford pro " ;
L ii. cha! ; . p;i. p.. principal, j
IRVING INSTITUTE.
AteJ^V'SSr? <: * Iifornl * »f«*. ,W1!!. reopen
u^£^o jgm!^ A^&£fe ,
tat famaipais Military Academy P
•sax Rafael! cat,.
' i 1^'^,^ fi ' p * r » :/> - *WI I* rm t* s ir.s Au 5 .
Ain.».a CKOSgr. . D.D.. K«j M«ter.: .
Weekly CalV^iper'rear 1 ;
M# ApVERllSEMEN^B^^^^
A lfiretess Message
\J«k $12.00 and Upward
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND EL ECTRIC CO.,
415 POST STREET. ____^__
Three of
a Kind
Beats many other combinations, and the three jf~
famous trains of the '
. ¦' ¦ ' ¦ ¦• ¦
Chicago, Milwaukee and St, Paul
Railway
offer, an excellence in service and equipment not •
obtainable elsewhere. The Overland Limited to
Chicago, via Omaha.- The Pioneer Limited, St.
Paul to Chicago. The Southwest Limited, Kan-
-i. sas City to Chicago. " Only $72^50 to Chicago and
return. September, 1 9, 20, 28, 29; October 3, ' .
/; :':';.. , 4,-5, 6, 19, . 20, 26, 27. Return limit, 90 days."
A Through trains.at io a. m.and 6 p. m.
:. Tickets 635 Market Street, San' Francisco,
•* ¦
• CL L. CANFIELD,
* ? e h 9 Tal Agent.COPYRIGHT; 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAJX*
PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN BY A QUEEN
WILL ILLUSTRATE HER OWN BOOK
ELIZABETH. QUEEN OF* ROUMAN1A. WHO HAS WRITTEN A NEW VOLUME.' |
ENTITLED "THE DAUGHTER OP THE RHINE ON THE DANUBE," WHICH
WILL CONTAIN PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN BT HER ROYAL SELF. |
THE London correspondent of The Call sends the following: Queen."Car
men Sylva" seldom misses an opportunity at bookmaking— In the Ht
'erary sense, of course. She accompanied the King of Roumania on his
recent trip on the Danube, and now a volume from her pen is almost
ready, entitled, "The Daughter of the Rhine on the Danube." This will be
illustrated with photographs taken by the Queen herself and drawings made
by the Crown Princess of Roumania.
HOT WEATHER HINTS
THAT YOU SHQ ULD THESE DAYS
PASTE IN YOUR HAT
On Thursday night the residents of Redlands invited the "Holy
Jumpers" to give an example of their agility, and in consequence
fifty of them jumped immediately to Oakland. With a little training,
from the Oakland peopfls they might be made to jump over the
State line.
• An enthusiastic student of heraldry has discovered that the Sage
of Esopus enjoys the inherited right to sport a coat of arms. This
authority gives us details concerning "vert, a chevron, between three
stag's heads cabossed," but he says nothing about an interrogation
point on a "field or."
Recently David B. Hill opened the campaign for his party by
denouncing the President as a fraud in so many words. If this is
an earnest of what his methods are to be, Democrats may well con
gratulate themselves upon the imminence of that gentleman's an
nounced retirement from the political field.
General Stoessel, mewed up in Port Arthur, has been sending
telegrams home urging the Admiralty to get busy with that Baltic
fleet. With our knowledge of the general's command of sulphurous
Russian we may now believe that the electrical storms raging over
the battlefields in Manchuria were precipitated by the transmission
of a few of these wireless messages from the * beleaguered com
mander.
A Welsh gentleman in Pennsylvania, who delights in the name
of Gwffdd Jones, has a contract to furnish a .French manufacturing
house with 10,000 rattlesnake pelts, and he is now busy collecting
the deadly crotalus. The Squehawken Morning Intelligencer of
Squehawken, Pa., asserts that Mr. Jones decoys his victims as one
would decoy ducks, by coiling up on a butternut stump and repeat
ing his given name with metallic iteration. Since this is not made
in the form of a sworn statement, however, we are privileged to
have our doubts. .
HERETOFORE the pear and apple crop of California has been
measurably protected against the ravages of the codlin moth
only by frequent, costly and laborious spraying with Paris
green. This spraying, to be effective, had to be done three times
during the season, before blooming, when the fruit was set and
turned the blossom end upward, and after it turned down.
But even then a heavy percentage of the crop has been lost by
the burrowing into the fruit of the worm hatched from the eggs of
the moth. Every place in the world where the apple and pear
flourish has been subject to the attacks of this insect. The apple
orchards of Nebraska were so devastated by it that as a remedy it
was proposed to destroy successive crops in the entire State by
taking some means to blast the bloom before setting the fruit. Since
the discovery that nature strives to maintain an equilibrium by fur
nishing an insect to prey upon those that destroy crops, it had come
to be accepted as a fact that the codlin moth was exempt, and could
be fought only by the hand of man.
Now, it appears that there is no such exemption, and thanks to
that great Californian horticulturist, Mr. Ellwood Cooper, an insect
has been found that feeds upon the moth, and it is to be introduced
here in time for next season's crop. So far the information about
it is meager. We are not informed at what stage in the development
of the moth it does its work. Presumably, however, it attacks the
egg in the bloom or in the blossom end of the young fruit.
As California produces the standard and best Bartlett pear in
the world, the importance of this discovery cannot be overestimated.
Our dried and canned pears have captured every market to which
they have been introduced. But the supply for both processes of
preservation has been limited by the operations of the codlin moth.
This discovery may have a wider significance than arises in the
fruit crop. If it be found that this beneficial insect attacks also the
gypsy moth, a peril that has long threatened all of our forests may
be averted by it. Mr. Cooper has put the whole horticultural world
under obligation for his agency in this matter.
A MOTH PARASITE.
WOMEN'S CLUBS ARE
SPLENDID HELPS TO
THE FOREIGN ARTISTS
The coming musical season will
bring to the United States the usual
number of virtuosos and the pianists
and the singers and the violinists will
again travel the length and breadth of
the land. Perhaps in some former sea
sons there have been more noted art
ists, but there will be plenty of ma
terial to occupy the attention of the
women's musical clubs throughout the
country.
The majority of the artists who
come here would never be able to
make an American tour but for these
women's clubs, which show how women
can really be useful in advancing the
interests of music without endeavoring
to compose or do other creative things
of the kind.
When an agent visits a city to se
cure an engagement fcr an artist he
goes directly to the president of one
of these clubs. The president, after
hearing nis proposal, puts the ques
tion before the members of the govern
ing committee, and they decide wheth
er or not they can r.fford to pay the
price asked for the artist.
The sum asked may be $200 or it
may be $400. The vomen when they
accept a performer try to t sell the
tickets themselves, giving first choice
to the club members am" letting In the
public afterward.
Without this guarantee and the in
fluence of the club members. jj many
small towns would never hear the
well-known artists. Managers would
be afraid to undertake to give con
certs In small cities where the mu
sical taste is not '. ighly cultivated and
the public is indifferent to high-class
music. All over the country these
clubs have done a wonderful mission
ary work in bringing to the people of
the smaller cities the best of the vir
tuosos. .
It rarely happens that these organiza
tions are not able out of t* eir own
r*sources to pay the honorariums asked
by the great artists, although one club
In a \7estern city last year paid to a
soprano $2000 for a song recital, and
it was, moreover, given only for the
members of the club, the outside pub
lic not beinr admitted at all.
Often women's clubs will in the case
of famous artists pay a certain sum
toward the receipts of the perform
ance, guaranteeing as much as it can
afford and taking the choice of seats.
It rarely happens hat a club can af
ford to pay more than WOO or $700.
These clubs have also developed a
set of women impresarios, who con
trol certain parts of the country and
are able by the skill they use in deal
ing with their own sex to arrange the
engagements of artists on much better
terms. They will take the singers or
players, for instance, to give concerts
in half a dozen cities in a certain ter T
rltory. Then they will journey from
town to town soiling the artists to the
different clubs.
' One of the best known of these wom
en Impresarios controls the entire
Northwest :d managers are always
eager to do business with her, so cap
able has she proved herself. Her prin
cipal value to the managers conies
from the fact that she has the entire
confidence of the musical societies,
which will always take artists on her
recommendation.— New York Sun.
M1ADFS 'IEBCHEF.
In days gone by a lady's handker
chief was a much sought favor by her
admirers and was often : carried into
battle. or was the reward of a' deed of
bravery. Those times are past, . al-*
though no doubt many a lover now
adays has a dainty handkerchief
tucked away. which was certainly never
Intended for his use.
California has a brief history, but every line of it is great. Lust
ed after by Russia and by Great Britain, and possessed by Spain as
part of the world-belting empire of Philip the Second, by the law
of political gravitation it was probated to the republic. Prior to
that time it had been a land of mystery. The pioneer padres had
planted the cross upon its soil and striven for the betterment of its
aboriginal races, and th^ dons, owning the vast grants of land, had
covered them with flocks and herds, and led on their domains a
simple, pastoral life, content and without enterprise, and lacking
insight into the higher capacities and greater resources of the land.
Belonging to a gold hunting race that under Cortez had overrun
Mexico, lured by the yellow, glister, and had followed Pizarro into
Peru to ravage the precious treasury of the Incas, here they drowsed
in dignity and state, within arm's reach of a greater store of gold
than the world had known, unsuspecting its existence.
The eastern part of the United States had its imagination fired
by the expeditions of Fremont, the Pathfinder, and when gold was
discovered the tinder gathered by his reports was touched as by a
torch. It was a great confluence of events. The settlement of the
Oregon boundary, the Mexican war, the discovery of gold! Imme
diately it faced hitherward one of the great movements of the race.
Overland they came in wagons, by slow oxen and* fleeter horses ;
they doubled stormy Cape Horn, felt their way through the Strait of
Magellan and braved the pestilence of the isthmian passage. Hun
dreds fell, death smitten by disease, slaughtered by the wild tribes,
wrecked at sea. But the stream flowed steadily on, gathering in
volume, until California became an American community with an
unquenchable aspiration to be an American state.
We know the full significance of the event that is celebrated to
day. But we cannot know the depth and strength of that feeling
which aspired to statehood. California had no Territorial novitiate.
By General Riley's proclamation the convention was elected that met
at Monterey September i, 1849, and adopted a constitution, which
was ratified November 13 of the same year, when a Governor and
Legislature were elected, and the State, with the government so
constituted, was admitted to the Union September 9, 1850. Gov
ernor Burnett, elected before California was a State, served until
his successor was chosen at the State election of 1851.
There was no appointment of a Territorial Governor from
Washington. Californians from the first elected their own govern
ment. The pioneers, met here the lords of a territory without law,
without jurisdiction other than military, proceeded of their own mo
tion to organize American government. It is. a great history, deserv
ing the honors paid to it and to those who made it, on this birthday
of the greatest civil State in the world.
TO-DAY California celebrates, by holiday and ceremony, the an
niversary of her admission into the ynion. The native sons
and daughters of the State, with a birthright in its glory and
honor, lead in this observance. By their grand assemblage and in
their local centers, which are all over the commonwealth, they give
utterance to their pride in the land of their birth, and show forth
a local loyalty that is hardly felt in equal degree in any other State
of the Union, or any country in the world. ' ;"i :
But while these birthright Californians properly lead, their sen
timent is shared by the far larger number who are Galifornians by
choice. This State is peculiar in this, that the population planted
here by immigration finds it in all things so satisfying that, after
a brief sojourn, every one of that class becomes a thorough Cah
fornian. They find the burdens of life more easily borne and its
blessings brighter and more numerous here than elsewhere in the
world, and their loyalty pays tribute to the State ,in which rri?for
tune is better borne and fortune comes by less sacrifice than in the
land thev have known.
ADMISSION DAY.
tit is now the style in -England to
"bob" a curtsy to royalty. The low,
sweeping salute has gone out.; Also one
says "ma-am," not<"madame," to^the
Queen.
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and publlo men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 239 Cafr>
tfornla street. Telephone ltata 10U, m
.The Japanese have a chorus on the
stage : called joruri. The Jorurl sing
what the actor Is supposed to be think
ing," and he; shows ¦ his emotions by his
gestures and the expression of his face.
Towssend's California Glace frulti la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.*
Stoning Raisins.
When stoning raisins rub a little but
ter upon the fingers and the knife.
This will prevent the feeling of sticki
ness.
A woman's strength lies in her
knowledge of a man's weakness.
Old-fashioned molasses candy. Town
send'*. "15 Market street. .•
"A, little lemon juice added \o the
water for mixing pastry improves the
flavor and helps to make it light.
Lemon ' Juice for Pastry.
Don't talk about the hot weather. It's such a common subject. Find
something "new under the sun." ,
Be cheerful. Think how comfortable you would feel at the north
pole. -¦;., v '. .'
Eat with moderation. To-morrow, la another day.
Leave salt meats alone. They are not good on a hot day. even for
a "fresh" individual.
Eat sparingly of meats. Give the Ash man a chance.
< Don't drink when overheated. It will make you feel for the nonce
that you are a mere tank. '£>W
Too many drinks containing ice are dangerous. Don't make the ice
man feel like J. Pierpont 31 organ. BHiHWiii I n' " ' X ' [l ' -
_¦-...¦ . - - .
Don't be impatient. Everything comes in time. Even cooler weather.
Don't get excited. You may not get another chance. -¦ %>
Don't irritate yourself. It creates too many warm waves.
And, above all things, don't ask, "Is it "hot. enough for you?" It
only makes the other fellow "hot in the collar," and he goes oh his way
saying to himself :! "Idiot No. 46. Who's next?"* - - V
Many colored handkerchiefs are
seen, and, are said to be the vogue,
but if they are to be carried take care
to choose those with only the border
colored, and that In the most delicate
tints; if possible have them corre
spond to the shade of the gown to be
worn on the same occasion.
COLORED KEECHIEFS THE VOGUE.
The second edition of a charming
little booklet, called "Beautiful Berke
ley," has- Just been issued for gratuit
ous distribution by Youngs & Barry
of the college town. The work Is Illus
trated with good half-tones and map*
and furnishes interesting data that
will serve as a profitable guide t»
home-seekers. The recent marvelous
growth of Berkeley, along both sub
stantial and artistic lines, Is well
shown in the work, together with the
natural ' advantages and those earned
by the energy of her 1 residents.
"BEATTITFUIj BERKELEY."
LETTER WRITING — Subscriber.
City. A young lady should be very
careful in writing letters to men. The
acquaintance with a man running over
a period of only four days, and such
acquaintance having been formed at a
publlo camp, without introduction, does
not warrant a young lady la writing
to him and addressing him In her let
ter as "Dear Mr. — — ," and closing the
letter with "sincerely yours." The man
may have been "apparently well edu
cated and a perfect gentleman in. his
deportment," yet a young lady should
know to whom she Is writing and at all
times should/ be guarded in letter writ
ing. This department refers you to
any of the modern dictionaries for the
definition of "friend", and "acquain
tance."
FANNY KEMBLE — A Constant
Reader, City. Fanny Kemble, the
actress! who died in London January
16, 1S93, married Pierce Butler, a
Georgia planter, but the system of
slavery not meeting her approval, she
and her husband did not agree and a
divorce In 1848 was the result. Neither
the biographical sketches of Mrs. Kem
ble nor the notices of her death make
any mention of her children or family.
DIPLOMATS— A. and M.. City. It is
impossible to say that any one country
produced better diplomats than an
other. France, Germany, England and
the United States have each produced
great diplomats and statesmen, but
the greatness of such has arisen only
upon occasion.
THE McCULLOCH— New Yorker, St.
Helena, Cal. The revenue cutter Mc-
Culloch, U. S. N., was named for Hugh
McCulloch, who was Secretary of the
Treasury in the pabinets of Lincoln
and Johnson, 1865. 1869.
FLAGSHIP— J. O., City. None of th»
published accounts give the name of
Admiral Uriu's flagship at the time
the Japanese fleet attacked Russian
war vessels at Chemulpo last Feb
ruary-
PATENT — Subscriber. Sacramento.
Cal. A patent, which is personal prop
erty, is not mentioned as exempt from
execution, in case eH attachment is
issued.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Under all circumstances the under
taking will bring benefits to the girls.
It will tend to awaken a spirit of self
reliance and independence; It will be
conducive to their education; they
will have had an opportunity in com
ing in contact with American working
girls.
The young girls and married women
spent most of their time in their
houses, attending to domestic duties
or sewing. Attending church and
shopping was always done with some
elderly or married person, or perhaps
a male member of the family. Earn
ing a livelihood, except as a seam
stress or in some vocation . common
only to women, was rare, while the
invasion of any field of labor presided
over by men was beyond thought
Americanization, however, has made
great strides in this respect. It is
common to see the girls go alone to
church, shopping or making calls.
There are now female telegraph oper
ators, who have been taught in a
school established by the Government.
There are schools of stenography,
from which girls will soon graduate
and be ready to take positions. A
few are holding Government positions.
Another instance is the ' school
teachers, who In many cases are
teaching in towns far from their
homes. The Normal .School in Bio
Piedras, the only one in the island, U
attended by female students from all
over the island and they have proved
that a chaperon is superfluous.
Now a precedent has been set
which shatters all ideals. Twenty
three girls go to the" United States
from various parts of the Island; a
majority are unknown to, one another.
! Their stay in St. Louis is optional
with ' them. The company has pre
scribed no time for the expiration of
the contract. So long as they wish
to remain the company will furnish
WOTk.
The company has entered upon *V*
enterprise with a confidence that
Porto Rlcans have a natural fitness
for that kind of work. The venture Is
experimental, but if It proves satisfac
tory; more Porto RIcans will be en
gaged. ' r
The recent sailing of twenty-three
Porto Rican girls, bound for St. Louis,
where they will be employed in facto
ries, is a remarkable indication of the
changes which this land has under
gone with the advent of the American
Government. It marks an epoch in
the history of the country.
Prior to the American occupation
the women in the island lacked inde
pendence. The deportment of the
young women, governed by the social
ethics of Spain, was guarded by some
female of the family or a relative,
who acted as sponsor.
SENORITAS FROM PORTO
RICO COME TO WORK IN
AMERICAN FACTORIES
A PORTRAIT.
He's nothing much to look at when you
see him here in town.
His coat's not in the fashion — it's a but
ternutty brown:
His trousers bag unseemly and they
ready-made were bought;
He doesn't wear a necktie, as all well
dressed people ought;
His hair is somewhat Jagged in the mat
ter of its trim.
And wild, barbaric whiskers are good
enough for him.
I know you would not think It; it is hard
to understand.
But back in Jimson County he's a power
in the land.
To see him in the city almost any one
would say
That he, in common parlance, was a
typical old Jay,
They'd Jeer at his umbrella and bis old
wool, wide-brimmed hat;
The carpet bag he carries, they would
have their fling at that.
His speech would quite amuse them with
its funny rural twang:
They'd smile to see him "rubber," as they
call it in their slang.
The trouble is he's treading on an un
familiar ground.
Uut back in Jimson County, why, he
makes them stand around.
Yes, 'way back there in Jimson you'd ap
preciate his rank;
He owns the elevator; his Judgment runs
the bank.
He's chairman of the County Board, and
when they celebrate
The Fourth, or almost anything, his
speech is simply great.
A citizen of prominence, he's always in
the lead.
They don't laugh at his whiskers there
in Jimson — no, indeed.
He's not much in the city, where he looks
a trifle green.
But ba\k in Jimson County he runs the
whole machine. — Chicago News,
»An important part of the cargo of
the tank steamship Paraguay which
was not down on the manifest con
sisted of a story of a duel between a
whale and a swordflsh. says the Phila
delphia North American-
It was feared that the tale had met
with some misfortune this year and
would not appear, but when the Para
guay came Into port from Sabine Pass
with a cargo of fuel oil it soon becamo
known that the day had been saved
at the eleventh hour. .'vv
"It was on Tuesday morning, said
Captain Mowatt. "when the Paraguay
was approaching Hatteras Lightship.
that my attention was attracted to a
commotion in the water about half a
mile away. : I ran the ship a little
closer and then I saw that a big whale
was in mortal combat with a little
swordflsh.
"The sword was buried in tne
whale's vitals, but it was probably
about four feet long."
"Possibly ten?" suggested the re
porter.
"No, probably four," said the cap
tain. "For fully half an hour we
watched the battle, which ended when
both combatants sank together, the
swordfish held a prisoner in the car
cass of his enemy."
INTERESTING TALE
OF A SWORDFISH
AND A BIG WHALE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOIiy D. SPKECKELS ~. ••
ADDRESS JLU> COMMUNICATIONS TO *r.««i»#w
JOIIX McXACGHT •• Manage
PUBLICATION OITICK .THIRD AND UAHKBT STREETS. SAW FRAKCISCO
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 9. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, 9, 1904. .
8
HILL, AS HE PROMISES TO BE. I! HILL, AS HE IS.Florence Roberts will present a
play new to San Francisco on Sunday
night, which many predict will more
thoroughly establish her prestige as
a star than anything she has yet at
tempted. "Marta of the Lowlands,"
which Miss Roberts has been reserv
ing as the crowning effort of her' pres
ent | engagement at the California
Theater, is a drama in four acts, from
the, pen of the celebrated Spanish au
thor and playwright, Angel Guimera.
"Marta of the Lowlands" has been
produced in nearly every Latin coun
try in the world, but It was not until
last winter that the first English ver
sion was presented. The American
jywniier of the play was produced by
3&>x3. Fiske at the Manhattan Theater,
New York; last January and scored
one of the biggest successes of the
season. Hobart Bosworth, who has
been Mrs. Flake's leading man for
several years and who now- occupies
the same position with Miss Roberts,
staged the original New York f produc
tion and 'created the leading male
role of Manelich. He is personally
directing the California Theater pro
duction. Bosworth will also play his
original role, which is by far the best
part he has ever presented in San
Francisco.
Florence Roberts' New Play.
in operatic productions in English,
Italian, German, French and Dutch.
BELIEVE HE HAS COMMITTED CRIME.—
Lewis Plotr was arrested on tha water front
yesterday by Patrolmen O'Connell and Power
and taken to the Central station, where h» was
pl&aed on tha detinue book. The Dollce are
confident that he is one of the men who has
been committing burglaries along: tne> water
front.
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ing and developing at lowest prices. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Further proceedings in the taking
of the deposition of Miss Warren,
chief beneficiary of the will of Misa
Bertha Dolbeer, which was to have
been continued yesterday morning,
were postponed by consent of counsel
until next Monday morning. The
postponment was suggested by Gar
ret McBnerney, chief attorney for
Miss Warren, and was readily ac
quiesced in by Hiram W. Johnson,
who Is conducting the examination on
behalf of the contestants of the will.
Examination Is Postponed.
Policeman W. T. Hooper, in charge
of the cruelty to animals detail, says
he will proceed against commission
merchants and others who are re
sponsible for the numerous deaths of
chickens for the lack of water and
from being crowded to suffocation in
coops. The hot weather of Wednes
day, and yesterday played havoc with
cooped fowl. In eleven coops sent by
P. D. Dunn of Petaluma to J. Grut
ner, 224 Washington street. Policeman
Hooper found 105 dead chickens yes
terday morning and many more in a
dying condition!
Chickens Die in Hundreds.
Victor Fox and Hans Stelner are in
"the tanks" at the City Prison, ac
cused of being tha ringleaders of the
gang of hoodlums that attacked Po
lice Sergeant David W. Boyd at H
street and Eighth avenue on Monday
night. They were arrested by Detec
tives Taylor and Mulcahy and it is
said that they have been positively
identified. The detectives are search-
Ing for William Curry, 119 Page
street, who, it is alleged, also took
a prominent part in the brutal assault
upon Boyd. Boyd is slowly recovering
from his injuries.
Accused of Attacking Boyd.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.— City Jus
tice Jay R. Brown died at 2 p. m. to
day. He had been ill for some weeks.
He leaves quite an estate, but no near
relatives. ?
Sacramento Jurist Dies.
Says Stock Was Worthless.
.8. W. Trultt brought suit yesterday
in the Justices' Court to recover $123
from Charles V. Cross. Truitt alleges
in his complaint that Cross induced
him to Invest $100 for twenty-five
shares of stock of $250 par value in
the Alta Pines Health Resort Com
pany on the representation that the
Southern Pacific Company was inter
ested in the enterprise. Truitt learned
later that the railway company was
not interested and that the stock had
no value. Truitt now wants his money
back, with $7 for an office carpet ap
propriated by defendant and the costs
of suit.
If you want the best in photorraphs go to
Lent z* a, 918 Market st.. Columbia bids. •
LOSES WATCH AND CHAIX.— CharlM a
Lott. a resident of Orovllle. reported to the
police last night that he had been robbed of a
watch and chain, valued at $100. while attend
ing ceremonies at the Mane Hopitlns Institute
of Art.
STOCKTON, Sept. 8. — Mrs. Lydia
G. Fisher, the last of the Fishers who
settled in this county in the pioneer
days, passed away at her home here
early this morning at the age of 85
years. Her late husband, Zenaa,Fish
er, with his brothers, Alvin and Sam
uel Fisher, conducted the first atasrs
lines out of Stockton in the early '50's.
They formerly owned the land great
where Oakdale is now situated. The
deceased was a native of Nantucket
and leaves considerable property.
Pioneer Stockton Woman Dead.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— Census sta
tistics Just published show that, de
spite' opposition from various sources,
child labor in the United States is
increasing. According to these figures
every fifth child in the country be
tween the ages' of 10 and 15 years is
a bread winner. Of the juvenilu wago
earners every third child is a girl.
There are 1,750,178 children regularly
employed. This is an increase of 33.3
per cent in ten years. Alabama has
the highest percentage of child labor,
finding work for 27.2 per cent of her
children, while Massachusetts has the
lowest, having only 0.5 per cent of
her juvenile population at work. Of
all children employed 26.1 per cent are
boys and 10.2 per cent are girls.
In all of the Southern States the per
centage of children employed Is high.
It Is also high in Western States and
is remarkably low in the East.
The increase of the conditions is
shown plainly by the census figures
of 1880 and 1900. In 1880 the number
of children' employed was 1.118,356. or
16.8 per cent of the entire child popula
tion of the country. In 1900 the per
centage was 18.2.
Bpedsi Dispatch to Th« CaJL
Percentage Is Larger in
States of the West, and
South Than, in the East
ONE-THIRD * ABE GIRLS
One Youngster Out of Every
Five in United States
Is a Bread Winner
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. 8.— Mrs.
Sarah Stevens, a member of a '"Way
Down East" company playing at a lo
cal theater here, died suddenly at the
city hospital here of uremia.
I Mrs. Stevens was about 70 years of
age and her stage career, which was a
notable one, dated from October 27,
1856.
She was a member of the Laura
Keene company that presented "Our
American Cousin," the comedy Lincoln
was witnessing when assassinated at
Ford's Theater in Washington. Be
sides Miss Keene the cast included
Joseph Jefferson and the elder Sothern.
Mrs. Stevens was the widow of John
C. Heenan.the noted English pugilist.
After her marriage she retired for four
teen years. On the death of her hus
band she returned to the American
stage. Mrs. Stevens' home was in Oak
land, Cal.
A message sent to relatives there
failed to reach them.
CHILD LABOR
IS INCREASING
OLD ACTRESS
DIES AFTER A
LONG CAREER
Last evening's Overland Limited
brought home to San Francisco a na
tive daughter who- has during* an ab
sence of nearly eleven years on a
place among the highest notables of
the operatic stage. ' Mme. Fannie Fran
cisca concluded her season at the
Royal Opera, Amsterdam, a few weeks
ago, and since that time has been on
her way to this city, where she will In
augurate a limited concert tour.
The only stop en route made by the
celebrated prima donna was at New
York, where she signed some important
contracts for her appearance in the big
grand opera production the coming
winter. She has selected this city as
the starting point of her tour much
through sentiment, as it was here that
the great soprano was born and raised
and now comes back with a reputation
equal to any artist on the. lyric stage.
Paris, Vienna, . Amsterdam, Munich,
Monte Carlo and other musical centers
have made of tha Californian their
particular lyric pet, and her ap
pearances !n ts}ese places have
always been the occasion for
great ovations. Mme. Francisca
will be heard here at the' Alhambra
Theater for two concerts. The first
will be given on Wednesday night, Sep
tember 21, and the second on Saturday
afternoon, September 24. The diva has
a remarkably large repertoire from
which to select her numbers for the
operatic concerts, and her magnificent
colorature- voice will be heard to per
fection in such numbers as the mad
scene from "Lucia" and the great aria
from "Travlata." As Ophelia in the
opera of "Hamlet," the songstress has
won special distinction, and this will
give San Franciscans an opportunity
to hear the mad scene aria sung to per
fection for tha first time. Mrae. Fran
cisca will sing numbers In five differ
ent tongues, having met with triumphs
Francisca, Great Diva,
to Sing Famous
Arias Here.
MMB. FANNTB FRAJCC1SCA, A NA
TIVE DAUGHTER WHO HAS WON
FAME AS AN' OPERA VONGER.
Calif ornians in Xew York.
*^w TORK. Sept 8.— The followw
• L Callf0 rni2.ns are in New York:
F ron ran Francisco— R. Banisteia,
-£=. D. Freldenrich, M. H. Levy and
Mrs. A. Sfcaprean. at the Im
it V* • C * G - Steele, at the Grand
vZu'' Y' a WeLsb ' at the Grand
£xoz; L. a Merton, at the Herald
wS£L G * C Oxnar <* and *rt*e. at the
m «iiir.gton.
wire^ft *?* AR fi*»es— L. Bixby and
beit * !. w «*tminster; W. H. Gil
bert and wife, at the Ashland; MissA.
IsS? 1 ?! 0111 Mi£a U Abater, at the
Rer. W. X* Clark of Benlcia. is at the
<"<; Uremia,
Banker O. McHenry of Modesto Is at I
the Qcrrt>ii»r>tai . \:
LL L. Wasbborn, who is ™f"*"f/ in.
Alaska, is at the Occidental.
J. M. Anderson, a prominent business
man of Stockton, ia at the- lick.
M. D. Wood, a merchant of lTe*oed, la,
staylsg at tha Lick.
Dr. Irrlwr K. Frasso of San Jose.
is at tha Grand.
Thomas IX Fetch, a lumber man of i
EkudBB, is at the Grand.
VL L. Douglass, a mlwiT^g man of'
»Ylrste!a CUy, is at the Palace. '
Grant Snyder. a raMw^ m*n O £
"FEmnct. Is staying at tha PaZaoe.
.. Dr. J. C House and wife of Port
Ttownsend are guests at the Grand.
W. A, Port and M. V. D. Doosherty
of Newport 2Cews, Via* are at the Pal-,
aoeu
D. SL Boaezxbaonia a *"*i%wt of
Stockton, and wtfa are at tha SL,
Frauds. !
Bank Gocsznissloner Herman SUve*
is up frosi Los Acxeles and staying
at tha Palace.
Dr. E. B. Perrla, who ia largely in
terested in timber lands In Ar<»nm t a*.
rired at the C&lCoraia yesterday.
J. C. Balstoo. vrbo is interested ba
rafntng properties near Eureka, and
l^is xrtfe are registered at tha Palace.
George P. McNear, the well-known
banker and merchant of Petaltmzs* Is
Sbout to leave for the East on a pleas
ure- trip larting several weeks.
James McKlbben. chief " clerk to
Vayor Collins of Boston, and Citx At
torney Carl Range of Milwaukee visit
ed Hayor Schmitx yesterday and dis
cussed local manlcipal affairs for an
hour.
PERSONALS.
Peter Rasmussen, a wealthy prop
erty-owner, living at 1322 Rhode
Island street. Is the defendant in a suit
filed yesterday by Mrs. Catherine Cur
tin for $10,000 damages. The Cur
tins live near Rasmussen, and, -ac
cording to their story, they had some
trouble with Rasmussen over a right
of way. Mrs. Curtln went to Ras
mussen's house to settle the matter
and after a dispute it is alleged that
Rasmussen struck the woman, knock-
Ing her downstairs. She has been un
der a physician's care for some
time and it ia said ahe may never fully
recover.
Asks Damages for Beating:.
Mrs. Maria Cuneo obtained a di
vorce yesterday from Giovanni Cuneo.
To Judge T. J. Lennon she declared
her spouse possessed an awful thirst,
lie had absorbed 5C>4 gallons of red
grape juice in 365 days. The Judge
thought that a man who owned that
thirst could hardly be a fit husband,
so he granted a decree in her favor,
allowing her S75 counsel fees, $25
costs ?18 monthly alimony.
Divorces were granted to Charles
G. Mallon from Emma T. Mallon for
desertion: J. W. Tillotson from Mary
B. Tillotson for desertion; Luther C
Kabian from Emily C. Fabian for in
fidelity; R. C. Barney from Eva Bar
ney for infidelity. *"
Judge Hebbard granted Florence
Smith a decree of divorce from James
Smith on the ground of desertion;
Joseph Podesta from Ruby Podesta
for cruelty.
New suits for divorce were brought
byAbrahamb Shapiro against Hattie
Shapiro for desertion, Delia Ohlson
against J. F. Ohlson for neglect, Rob
ert Cook against Mamie Cook for
neglect, Wilhelmina Weber against
Gustav Weber for infidelity. Lulu B.
Serrian against Cyril C Serrian for
desertion, John L. Ramsner against
Uzzie Ramsner for desertion, Lewis
;:. Hartman against Edythe Hartman
for cruelty, *Aida M. Kilroy against
James B. Kilroy for desertion and
Forest L. Dutcher against Nellie M.
Dutchex for desertion.
vorce to Maria Cuneo— Other
Matrimonial Chains Broken.
Jud^c I>ennon Grants Decree of Di-
fil'SBAND DRAXK TOO MUCH
\VIXE A>T> NEGLECTED WIFE
The Grand Jury yesterday began an
inquiry into the operations of I* B.
McMlllen, who is accused of fixing up
lodging-houses and selling, them to
gullible Investors, who afterward as
certained that the profits would not
pay the rent.
Mrs. 8. M. Packard . was the first
witness. She told how she had pur
chased a lodging-house at 611 Ellis
street from McMlllen and that the
place did not pay. The witness was
unable, however, to furnish any in
criminating evidence. Annie Brldg
man, a Bister of McMillen, told of her
brother's methods in selling lodging
houses, it appearing that he was aided
In his schemes by his daughter. No
action was taken by the Grand Jury.
Secretry Welch announced that the
Grand Jury had received many com
plaints against so-called "get-rlch
quick" concerns and a general invita
tion was extended to all who have
suffered financial loss from these
schemes to come and tell their stories
to the Grand Jury, which is desirous
of returning indictments against any
one criminally liable.
Inquisitorial Body WW Hear Com
plaints Against So-Called "Get-
Rich-Quick" Concerns,
GRAND JURY PROBES INTO
IiODGIXG-HOUSE SWDTDUSS
At the motting of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners hist night a resolu
tion was passed to the effect that dice
shaking for money win not be permit
led In estab'ifhments licensed by the
board. This action was taken because
the Board of Supervisors, which re
pealed the dice shaking ordinance some
time ago. has failed to re-enact a sub
stitute.
The liquor license of Harry Leap,
proprietor of the Central Billiard Par
lor at Fourth: nnd Market streets, was
restored last night. Leap's license was
revoked a week ago because of obscene
pictures on his business cards.
The case of Charles Birdsall, a cor
poral of police, charged with conduct
ing a saloon while employed as a po-
Ike officer, was continued to the next
meeting. Birdsall is alleged to be in
terested in a saloon at Stanyan and
Page streets.
Policeman J. R. Walsh presented his
resignation, which was accepted. John
Connolly, next on the civil service ell
pible list, was appointed to succeed
Walsh.
The cases of William Quarrels,
charged with being intoxicated while
on duty, and Charles Cleaver, charged
with conduct unbecoming an officer
and with being off duty without leave,
were continued to next Tuesday night.
The case against Policeman Frank
de Grancourt. charged with being off
his beat, was dismissed. Charges
egrainst Policeman Thomas Reagan for
battery and making an unlawful ar
rest were dismissed.
A score and a half of bewhiskered
indiv'.duals, with war-like names, were
licensed to deal in Junk.
SAN DIEGO, Sept 8.— Chauncey Au
stin, a young man of Chula Vista, was
drowned this evening about 4 'o'clock
in the surf near South San Diego and
his body has not yet been recovered.
Young Austin was about 18 years of
age. He went to the beach opposite
San Diego with other picnickers of the.
Otay Sunday school. There was a large
attendance and a ' number of the boys
were in bathing at a particularly good
stretch of beach only a little distance
this side of the. Mexican line. None
noted the disappearance of the young
man, but when the rest of the swim
mers came out of the water he was
missing. Not a sign of him was to
be found anywhere.
Bandiiii Dear, one of his companions,
recalls being with him in the water
only a short time before coming out
himself and he was surprised not to
find him on the beach with the others.
A number of the young man's ac
quaintances are patrolling the beach
to-night in the hope of recovering- the
body. The current sets south along
the coast there, and it is morej than
likely that the body will be carried
into Mexican waters before being cast
up.
Special Dispatch to Tha CsJL
Sad Accident Brings Gloom
Upon Gay Party of Pleas
ure Seekers in the South
Charges Against Many Po
licemen Dismissed— Other
Koutine Business Passed
MISSED BY COMPANIONS
LEAP GETS HIS LICENSE
San Diego Youth Is Drowned
While Enjoying a Swim in
the Waters of the Pacific
Passes Resolution to Stop
This Form of (rambling
in All Public Itesorts
POLICE BOARD
CUTS OUT DICE
SURF CLAIMS
A PICNICKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1W4.
SONG BIRD
WILL COME
TO OLD HOME
STOCKTON, Sept. 8. — Edmund O.
Archibald, a yard brakeman of the
Southern Pacific Company here, was
run over and fatally Injured shortly
after rtoon. He lingered an hour. He
leaves a wife and three children. He
was an experienced man.
Brokeman Killed by Train.
FRESNO, Sept. 8.— William Lindsay
Allen, formerly a college hero in ath
letics at the University q( Michigan, is
wanted by the people of. Selma for
swindlingr them out of many hundreds
of dollars. His victims are not confined
to Selma. San Francisco has its share,
it is said, and many of his old chums
are out small sums.
Allen came to this State with the
"Vyeber and Fields Burlesque Company
last March. He claimed to have start
ed from Michigan, with $5000 and land
ed In Selma with just five cents in his
pocket. "With his excellent bearing and
polished manners, he presented a front
which won him many friends and loans
of considerable money to start him in
business. He represented himself aa
an agent of the Conservative Life In
surance Company and having won the
confidence of Joseph Smith, cashier of
the Selma Bank, was soon signing poli
cies In the bank offices.
In June Allen proposed to his money
ed friends of Selma to fqrm a Pacific
Coast Mercantile and Collection Agen
cy, with headquarters In San Fran
cisco. A half dozen men subscribed
J1000 each to start the affair along.
Headquarters* were established in
rooms 230 and 231 in the Parrott build
ing. Allen bought automobiles, ran
tailor bills there and spent money lav
ishly. When It cam* time to open the
agency he had spent the money In dis
sipation and was not. to be found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Merchants and Others Say
Polished Athlete Took Ad
vantage of Their -Kindness
WAS A FOOTBALL HEK0
Selma People Are Anxious
to Locate Collegian Who
Was Most Suave and Polite
LOOK IN VAIN
FOR GAY YOUTH
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. N '' _' • '__¦_'_ :
r : ; :
of Real Use to Woman'*
Number—Out To-Day !
| THINK this issue of The Designer is the beft we
ever published— beii in interest, besl in help-
which I mean practical utility), widest in
On anck afifeCd^lS date^^^-LL' '^ s P ecia ' articles and the fidion
j^JtSx^zSr jfij$$&% A^j features are as notable as the departr
•a j^^X / -flS\ W^A and altogether I think that the October
jl \*P ©^jX^^%llW^^^P^^©Il"t^^ Designer is the Best ten cents' zuorth that
Ten Cents a"a^>y,' Eighty" cents' a" year? of your
f-^^^^^^^^^-^^^i^^ *C^^^t > > 'newsdealer or any Standard agent or_dire<il_of
~~ 'STANDARD FASHION'COMPiW/'
I2-I4vl6 VANDAM STREET. NEW YORK CITV
PRAGERS'^Market • and«Jonw"Stre^.
Ji It D/DAVIS & CO^-Grant Axet^^hiAQ&W;^^'
J
and PRINTING"^
at Cut Prices
My work has the Individuality of
good quality. Try it. You'll be
pleased. j
DEVELOPXHOi
Boll of six, 10c. Roll of twelve, 15c.
FBxarrorG: ¦:&?¦%,
Solio finish. 3c to 5c. Velox finish.
3c to 6c.
' Dayligrht Loading- Vttmw, Cameras
and supplies at low prices. > -
CALIFORNIA SOUVENIRS
Souvenir Postal Cards, City Guides,
Maps, etc., at moderate prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. Tha BUiUontr,
1008 KABSET STBEXT, Opp. Pifto.
Ban Francisco.
Polar* D(wrT FAIL TO
raid tC , ee bewttfnl
j COURT Loanginf
3HQ room, tb« EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, tht
£sX£»vi PALM room. *•
liniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim lqj, tht j^
n A 4*1r. Dn «*' WRITINQ
Hotels room-
"DDTTOTJT7O FOR barbers, ba-
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers. Banners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, papar*
hinrere. printers. palnUrs, shoa t aotorlea,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BVOSAJTAST BKOS,
Brush Mannf actarera. 609 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS.
87SCXA& KATXHSB THIS APTXK-
xroozr.
WELCOME, SIR KNKfflTS!
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Funniest- Play In ¦ tha City.
Beat Music. Dances. Marches.
Twenty Excellent Specialties.
Scenery. Coaturalne Unequaled.
Unrivaled Casta of Burleeque Artist*.
Beautiful Chorus of Forty.
Nlcht Prices. 25c, 50c and 70a.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23a and 60a.
Wext .Bnrleaqua. "MISS MAZUMA." '
Strictly Original and Funny. -
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
, . - ¦ Eighth and Harrison street*.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
Two Games To-Day, 10:30 a. m. f 2:30 p.m.
SATURDAT 3 P. M.
SUNDAY ............... . ..2:30 P. M.
. Advance Bale of Seats at 8 Stockton St.
DON'T tall to Yl»»t,tha NEW TORK, 1 to 5
dally, and se» tha ILLUMINATED FLEET
AT, NIGHT, 7 to 10 p. m. Be sure to rat
the riKht tickets from tha C. A. McNEILlt
LAUNCH CO.. olflca and landing foot at
¦ Clay St., just north of Ferry building,.
AMUSEMENTS.
vULLUltflSlM IEADISB THLV.Pi
.•_ T Powell Street. Near Market.
IMMENSE TRIUMPH.
SEATS HOW BEADY rOB SSCO2TD
A3TS ULST WEEK.
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday Only.
KYRLE BE.iwi^J£Vv
A Splendid Company. Including
E. M. HOLLAND.
In the Fascinating and Intensely Drasaatla
Study In Criminology.
•*«* * JUi—^j CRACKSXA3T.
•"Raffles' Is thrtlllnr."— Examiner. • '
"A mctt absorbing drama." — Chronlel*.
"Kyrle Bellew wins triumph."— Call.
"Kyrle Bellow Is fascinating." — Post.
"Is summed un la ona word— distinction.**—
Bulletin.
Next week — Last nights of Kyrta Bellow.
SEPT. 19— "THE WIZARD OF OZ."
ALCAZAR~~T
General Manager
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
SPECIAL MATIXEE TO-DAY (Admission
Day), Also Regular Matinee Saturday.
ETg\. 25o to 7Sc; Mats.. 23c to 50c.
WHITE | AID THS ALCAZAB CO.
WHITTLESEY
Xa tius Romantic Irish Drama,
ROBERT EMMET
FIRST TnTO IN BAIT FRANCISCO.
Mo^y W s^ 2 Ve M^ a^rr^SrTL^«
in '•THE SECOND IN COMMAND." A3
' ' PLAYED BY JOHN DREW.
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street, Near Eighth. pnon»-«o«ax CS3.
MATXffEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT $S«JK&53 k B SffiK 1 *
Theodore Kremei'* Most Powerfol Pram*.
[EVIL MEN DO
r*" 3 *-^^ ::::::::::::::ifcf°S£&
Next— "ONLY A SHOP GIRI*.-
--CALIFORNIA
SPECIAI* MATIN ICS TO-DAY. '
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Ia Her Wonderful Portrayal or .'¦
SAPHO
SUNDAY NIGHT— tnltlal sspeay-
ance or MISS ROBERTS In
"MARTA 07 THS LOW1AOT3."
First Tim* ia tha Wast.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE!
aCATXHSE TO-SAT
AJTO 2TSXT OAT THIS WEEK.
Th» Great Singing Four; Bnxtoa maA
Brooks; Thxe» Mitchells ; "Our Boys in
Bine," aad Orpheura Motioa Fictnrts,
Showing- the
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PARADE
Last time of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred K*Iey.
Klein and Clifton. Paul Barnes and Eva Wil-
liams and Jac Tucker, presenting '•Driftwood.'"
Prices — 10c. 25c and 60c .
LAST 2 WEEKS 'S.JSi S£2f
isfTOREADOR
MATINEES SS°5^SS
l^tfa*"" SERENADE
USUAL TTVOLI PRICES — 23c, fife, 73c
S%3@s&c3
B. W. BISHOP, Leme tsd Manage*. ;
T0-NI6HT ,£S*£x T0-NI6HT
MATXNXE TO-DAT ¦ - ¦"
And TQ-aCerrour.
Oltvur-MoroM* OSara HI* Majcstlo TaestepGb),
In tha E&Iendld Success,
I Palace I Kii
Reservations Phon* South 483.
WBSS BEGINNING
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
. BOTHWEXii BR0WXET3
Ktw Jastnes* AfoatcaJ ExtrvrafazBt,
«» I PRINCESS SiM"*
Clever Marches.
Juveniles FAN Balletsi
rn ¦ .H 1 ' Gorxsoua
the T ..i Scenery
Cart. TAN and
1^ mmm m m am^^ m wm Costume*.
Zlesutar Matinee Saturday.
POPULAR PRICES— 13c SSe. 50c ¦.'
The Musical Goolmans
And ft Splendid Show Every Afteraooa
and Evening ia tha Theater.
Admission Day Celebration
A Host of rtatoras and Tireworki at
Hisrht.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN. ...... .8o
When Phoning Ask for "THE CHUTES."
AA/. X, HESS,
, Votary Public and AttomayHtt-Xaw.
•Tenth Floor Room 1015. CUus Sprecisls bid*,
'Taleohone Main 883.
Residence. 1*33 McAllister sC
Sestdtnea Telephone Past OSaJ.2:12 trot, three In tire, purse $1200 (unfin
*«hwi)—Invader won th* reconl and third
"«•«« '^ 2:'J ! -i •»* 2:l=Vi. Xornui ¦ B won
the fourth heat In 2:10. PatchenMald won
<t>e. fret but in 2:12',i. * Monroe, Lady GaU
Hamilton. Joymakw and MIdrtt Hal also
•:crt"J. BMSlHMHDHl - - ...
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept 8. — Twen
ty thousand people saw the great
JiO.OCO Charter Oak stakes "trotted at
Charter Oak Park thii afternoon.
While, .under the conditions, each heat
was a race, the feature was the defeat
of the California mare, Sweet Marie,
the favorite, by Tiverton, the' second
choice. Tiverton won the mnjor part
of the money, but Dr. Strong fur
nished the sensation when he won the
first heat in 2:07«i, which equaled the
fiL*test mile ever made In this event
Sweet Marie finished second in the
first heat, but was out of the running
In the other heats, finishing Birth In
the second and fifth in the third. In
the second heat Tiverlon, which re
ceded In the pools owing to being
*ir£wn from /the second platoon,
slanted last and finished first. Dr.
Strong was the contender In both
l.ents and the gray gelding pressed
Tiverton hard In the second heat. Jn
the third heat Tiverton had the best of
ihr going, finishing pulled up. George
Cf the California wonder, -'proved va
disappointment, "the gelding getting
distanced In the first heat. Summary:
California More Is Beaten by Tlver
ton, 51 a king the First Race She
Has Lost This Year.
SWEET MARIE IS DEFEATED -
IN CHARTER OAK STAKES
The Charter Oaks stakes. 910.000. 2:C9 trot,
each heat a race— Tiverton won- the second
and third heats each in 2 :07=;. Dr. Strong
won. the first beat in 2:07>£. Mazette, . Sweet
Marie, , Angelo, Consuelo : 8. - Jim • Ferry, The
Roman, ' John Taylor. George G. and Grade
K filar also started. Division of stake: $2000
to . each heat winner, $300. to each second
horse. $CCO to third horse fn first heat, $500
to third horse In secend and third heats. Tlv
rrton won - $4000: Dr. Strong, $3000: Mazette
$1100; .Sweet Marie, $SO0; Angelo, $5C0.
Bad blood has existed - between the
two boxers for years and each has ex-'
pressed a desire to meet" the other In
the ring to settle old scores. Gans said
yesterday: "I have wanted a crack at
Walcott for years. I know I can beat
him, sure."- •-¦'--'; :. : .
The fight should be a great one, . as
both men are boxers and ring generals
of the' highest type and are also hard
hitters."
the. first heat In 2:07. Frank Ycakum, Andl
drops and Castro also started. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
When negotiations were pending
Walcott suggested 142 pounds ringside
and Gans agreed to it at once. Much
effort has been expended In recent
years to bring these two great colored
fighters together, but it proved futile.
Al" Hereford, manager for Gans,' would
never agree to the match, as he knew
how formidable was Gans. 'The Bal
timore man took affairs in. his. own
hands yesterday - and arranged the
match without the knowledge of Here
ford/v"^ ¦.¦;-;=>>•-.••• -^. _..,......
Joe Gans, the lightweight champion,
and Joe. .Walcott, the t welterweight
champion, \ have . compromised on a
weight between . these two classes and
¦will-fight here on! the^ last day of this,
month before the San Francisco Ath
letic Club. ;
Dusky Champion Will Fight
at Woodwards Pavilion on
Last Day .of This Month
WALCOTT AGREES
TO MEET GANS
Stolen, bates — Flood 2. Errors— Smith 2,
Chase. ¦ Resi. Hurley, Steelman. Hits — Off
Baum, 9: o9 Gray, 2. Two base hit* Na
«e«u. Beck atid Toman. Sacrifice hi! »— Hurley
«4 Weed. First base on errors— Portland 3
Left on bases— Los Angelea 11, Portland 8.
Bases en balls— Off Thlelman, 6; off Baum, 1;
off Gray, 1. Struck out — By Thlelman, 2; by
Baum, 1; toy Gray, 1. Doubles plays — Toman
to Flood to Chat*; Flood to toman to Chase
to B&ura t» Toman; Tomaa to Flood to Chase.
Passed balls — Steclman 2. Hit by pitched ball
— Cpencer. Time of game — Two hours. Um
pire — McDceald. . ¦ •
L~ -Ar.jrelei 0 O 1 0 O O O 3 0—4
Base hits 1O21O12X 1— Jl
Pcrtlaad 20 1 ««O O o' 2— 6
Base hits 21201111 2—11
. SUMMARY. -'¦' '• "'"
AB R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd. cf & 0 3 2 l'Spencr.2b 4 2 1 1 S
Flood. 2b 4 1 1 3 ClHurly.lb 4 0 1 12, 0
fimith, SbB 0 1 0 6 Ndeau.cf 4 2 4 2 0
Crvath.rf 6 0 110: Weed, rf 4 0 0 3 O
Chase, lb & 0 0 14 ! Beck, 3b. 4 « 2 0 1
Toman, s4 1 1 2 4:C!ynes,lf 4 0 1 8 1
Rose. If . 2 1 2 2 O.Rymnd, s 4 O 1 2 2
Spies, c.3 1 O 3 O Stelmn, c3 1 O 3 2
Biua, p3 O 1 © SlTblmn, p4 O 1 11
Cray. p. • O © O ©jlberg. p. O O O 0 1
•Brshearl 010©;
1 Totals. 35 6 11 27 13
Totals. 37 4 11 27 231
¦Brashear batted for Baum In the eighth.
RUNS AND HITS DT INNINGS.
LOS ANGEL15S. Sept. 8.— Portland took an
other from the Angels to-day by the score of
t> to 4. The visitors, who had phenomenal
luck In handling hard chances, took the lead
fit the ctart and kept it until the eighth, when
ihe locals scored three runs, which put them
cae to the good. Brashear batted for Baum In
the eighth, which put the pitcher out of it,
and G:ay succeeded him. Portland fell on
Gray after two men xvere out. and,, with' the
aid of Chase's error, scored two runs and won
the game. Score:
Los .Angeles — I Portland—-
Ont in Xinth.
Bat Out a Victory After Two Men Are
PORTLAXDERS ARE LUCKY.
The fans were all going away when
Ganley soused to center and Durileavy
tore off another to right. Kruger laid
down a choppy one to third and Irwin
threw it away. Both runners came
in and a moment later Bill Devereaux's
leng fly let Kruger score from third.
Score:
San Francisco— j Oakland—
AB.B.H.P.A 1 AB. R. H. PA.
Vn Bn.Ib 4 1 2 11 1 Frocks, s 4 0 0 4 3
Hiidbd.U 2 0 O 4 O Ganly, rt .4 1 8 2 O
Waldn.cf 4 © 1 U O Dunlvy.lf 4 12 4 0
Memy.rf J 0 10 0 Kruirer.cf 4 1 1 1 O
irwin.Sb 3 0 111 6treib.lb 3.1 O 10 0
Andsn.l'b 4 0 O 0 4 Dvrx, 3b 4 O 2 O 3
•iochnr. «3 0 O 4 2 Byrnes, c 4 0 2*2
Leahy, c 4 12 4 3 McKn.2b 3 0 « 2 4
< orbftt.p 3 1 1 tf 4|Mskmn,p 3 0 10 2
•Wheeler 1O0O0
Total*.33 4 11 27 14
Totals.01 3 8 24 15
•Eatted for Gochnauer In ninth.
TUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
t*«; Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0— 3
Base hits i 1 10 0 10 3 1—8
Oakland 0 « © O 0 O 1 8 x— 4
Base hits 2 1 2 O 10 2 3 x— 11
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Devereaux (2). Van Buren,
Leah}-. Errors— Streib. Irwin. Francks. Two
bate * hit— Leahy. Sacrifice hits— Hildebrand
«::* First base on errors— Saa Francisco 1.
Kfc-iit bate on called balls— OS. Corbett 1, off
Mcrkiman 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 6,
Oakland 6. Struck out — By Corbett 4, 'by Moa
kirnan 3. Double plays — Mosklxnan to Francks
to Streib; Francke to McKune to Streib. Time
ft frame— One hour and 65 minutes. Umpire —
McCarthy.
Waldron swung on the ball and
Francks, after booting it, threw it
away over Streib's head. Both run
ners tore over the sacks and three run*
vere in. Meany .answered with a drive
to right. On a! double steal Waldron
%\as headed at the plate.
The Commuters managed to per
form the act of transforming defeat
into a flimsy vlrtory yesterday, against
Brother Joe Corbett at Recreation
Park. Before they had accomplished
thi« difficult stunt they made a dummy
play that cost a run and then made a
presentation of a pair of them on an
error by Francks. Score — Oakland,
4: San Frtncisco, 3.
Thus a pretty battle of the pitchers
was spoiled. Not a run had been
amassed by either team tHl Oakland
just barely managed to scratch
through with one in the seventh on a
pair of well placed hits and some
rapid work on the bases.
Tommy Leahy ushered in the eighth
with a drive for two to the score
beard. Corbett cracked one out to
right field and Tommy went to third.
Van Buren came up and zing it went
to McKune. He was a trifle slow in
winging the leather to the plate and
L*>ahy was barely safe. Then Hilde
brand sacrificed both Corbett and Van
Buren along.
Boston 1 7 2
Batteries — Jones and Bergen; McNIchols and
Needham. Umpire — Carpenter.
CINCINNATI. Sept. &, — Cincinnati bunched
hits on Flaherty and wen easily. Attendance,
7000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 9 1
Pittsburg 1 4 0
Batteries — Hiring and Peltz; Flaherty and
Phelps. Umpire — Johnstone.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.— The Philadelphia*
took the first game of to-day's double-header.
New York won the second game, which was
called in the seventh Inning on account of
darkness. Attendance, 6100. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 11 2
New York 8 15 3
Batteries— Duggleby and ,Corrldon; Taylor
aad Roth. I
Second game — R. H. E.
Philadelphia 1 7 ' 1
New York 4 10 0
Batteries— Sparks and Dooln: Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpires — Kennedy and Moran.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. Sept. 8. — After winning a fast
•hut -out game the Detrolts went to pieces and
were *asy for fit. Louis in the last of the
opening series of three double-headers. Attend
ance, 1000. Scores :
First game— R. H. E.
St. Louis 0-- 4 1
Detroit 3 6 1
Batteries — ilullin ¦ and Beville; Pelty and
K-»hoe • •
Second tame — R. H." E.
Detroit ' .:...•... .3 5 2
St. Louis i 0 10 2
BatUrles— Stovall . and Beville; Hlnes and
Kahoe.
CLEVELAND. Sept. 8.— Cleveland and Chi
cago broke even to-da^. In the flntt game
Chicago could not hit Joss, while Cleveland
bunched its hits with Chicago's errors. In the
second game Chicago did not get a man to
flr«t until the sixth Inning and did not make
a hit until the seventh. Errors, with scratch
hits, gave Chicago three runs in the ninth,
Running the came. Attendance, 4000. Scores:
First *ame — R. H. E.
Cleveland .' 6 9' 1
Chicago 0 8 4
Batteries— Joss and Butlow; Smith and Mc-
Ferland.
Eeccnd game — R. H. E.
2 6 3
Chicago 3 6 1
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Hess and Bue-
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— Th» Bostons played
all around Washington to-day, winning both
games?. Attendance, 2000. Scores: .
First ram* — R. H. E.
Washington 2 7 4
Boston 8 13 2
Batteries — Townsend and Clarke; Gibson and
F>UTFll-
Secoud "Time — - R. H. E.
Washington 1 9 3
Boston ;g 0 0
Batteries— Jacobson and Klttredge; Tannehlll
and Crlger.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 8.— New York won
both gnmes to-day by opportune hitting. At
tendance. 12.0C0. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
New York S 7 1
Philadelphia 2 6 S
Batteries— Ch«sbro and McGulre; Waddell
and t5chr*ck.
Second same — R. H. E.
New York » 11 1
Philadelphia 1 ... 7 1
Batteries — Orth and Klelnow; : Bender and
Sehreck.
• BOSTON, Sept. 8.— Boston lost both
games to-day.- Both Boston pitchers
were wild and Brooklyn had an easy
time. The second game was called at
the end of the eighth inning on" ac
count of darkness. Attendance, 2200.
Scores: -
¦First gam*— R. H. H.
Brooklyn 8 8 3
Boston '-i 8 S
Batteries— Scanlon and Rittcr; Wllhelm ana
Xeedham.-
Second gam*^ — R. H. E.
Brooklyn 7 6 4
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Both Moskiman and Corbett
Pitch High Art Ball, but
displays Offset Efforts
With 3Iatthewsou Pitching
the Giants Break Even
' With Philadelphia Nine
NEW Y0EK TAKES ONE
NO RUN. TILL SEVENTH
Pitchers Wild and Brook
lyn Batsmen Find Their
Offerings Easy to Solve
Irwin Tosses the Game Away
After Francks Gives It
to Uncle on Wild Throw
ERRORS SPOIL
PRETTY BATTLE
BOSTON DROPS
DOUBLE HEADER
WOMAN DISLOCATES HER SHOULDER.—
Mrs.- M./B.- Hamilton; a ¦ large ' woman,' Is the
victim; Of *a peculiar accident ; by;, which, the
dislocated her shoulder, j When : about: to 'leave
her bed yesterday morning she leaned a portion
of - her.; weight on -• her hand. . - The > arm ¦ bone
left' Its ' place i and ; shot - upward - with - a • snap
The : damage was .adjusted . at the "• Emergency
Hospital" by Dr.- Glover. • .
Pacer Dan Patch Outside Record.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.,, Sept ;8.— At
State • Fair I Park . to-day Dan Patch
failed . to ; lower_; his "record of 1 : 5 6%'
The ''- best he (could do on the heavy
track was 2:0311. . "
land. N. C. W.; R. Williamson, Oak. W.;
C. L. Knox. Reno.
One mile championship— F. H. McLaughlin.
B. C. W-; L. Hobles. C. C. C; W. C. Wsl
bel.'.G. C. W.; P. Lawrence. G. G. W.: H
McWhlrter, N. C. \V.; P.. Williamson. Oak!
W.: -A. Carter,' Reno.'
Five / mile championship— C. Long. B'-C
W.; A. Carl. C. C. C.; J. R. Berryessa. G C
W.; A. Dasirett. G.- G. ,W.; A. Trout. N C*
W. ; . C. Nelson. Oak. W. ; A. McKenzie Reno'
. Australian pursuit race: Central City Wheel
men — G. .McGrath, H. Maytovena. . T. - Wor
muth; Garden City Wheelmen — J. ¦ R Berry
essa. R. Diefenbacher. W. C. Walbel": 'Golden
Gate i Wheelmen — W. Steinman, F. Rlgo P
Lawrence: New Century Wheelmen — A Trout"
D Mainland, A. Wllkes; Oakland Whcelmeti-L
H i Hancock. C. Bergner. D. Trigo; Rem
Wheelmen— D. H. Updike. O. Pcicham g
Johnson. :..'"•
Five mile tandem— W. Steinman and L. Ran
dall. G. G. W.; C. Long and F. H. McLau^h*
lin. B. C. W.; H. Newsom and W."e M O K «"
B; C. W.: M. Rtngrose and J. Valentl c ?*'
C. : R. Williamson and H. Hancock Oak7 : W
Splendid Programme Arranged for
: ; Three Days' Meet, Which Opens ,
To-Day at Ingleside.
Great sport is promised at Ingleside
racetrack during, the' next three days,
when a j big. bicycle carnival will take
place. The best men from alfover the
State will compete in the , different
events. 'The : programme, is a- varied
one and should furnish a world "of ex
citement ' for.; all i lovers of the pastime.
The; racing*. to-day will commence- at
lv o'clock: Following are. the entries:
i ' Novice race— G. . Mef fley. Reno : C S Walte
C. C. C: J.. H. Macpherson B.--C. W - j*
H. Steward, B. C.--W,; D.- R. Cushman," B*
C.W.; A. T.-SUva. B. C.W.; H. D. Burns
CO. 0.; C. C. Curran. C. C. C: 'AVMavzo
C..C. C: G. Dijcau. N. C.W.; E; E. Beigl
man « N. * C.:W. ;; C.v Johnson. •< N. ; * C. -W • g
W Williams. .N. C .' /VV. : C. E. Scheler N* c'
W.:<Don Trigo. Oak.^W: C."r Nelson, Oak W "
* -Half-mile championship — W. de Mora.- B V
W. ; - D. 1). •¦ Eli-edge;. C C. . C. : W, c. Wal
bel." G.C.\V:;F.Rlgo, CO.: W.;D. Main-
CRACK' BICYCLE RIDERS
TO STRIVE FO*R HONORS
Assigns Ill-Health^ as His Reason
for Refusing Sir Thomas
•: ' ' ' Lipton.
LONDON, Sept. , 8.— After another
conference with George L. ' Watson,
held; in London .to-day,' Sir Thomas
Lipton announced that Mr. Watson
persisted in his refusal to: design
challenger for • the America's cup '-for
1 905," givrng! as his reason ill-health.
WATSON^ WILL NOT DESIGN
ANOTHER CHALLENGER
, Sixth .race.- one .mile,' selling — Lady -Kent
won, - Cerro - Santa ¦ second, J. V." Kirby third.
Time, 1:41 «*•
Fifth race, seven furlongs,- selling— St. Phil
ipplna won. . Red . Damsel second, Leash third
Time, l:28Vi.. .'->.>-'.;
. Fourth race, one and an eighth miles " hur
dles, handicap — Dr. Long won,,Quldado second
Cazador third. Time, 2:00. • '
' ' Third ¦ race, six and a half furlongs, ' selling
— Northwest won. Dusty Miller second,' Harka
third. - Time. 1 :22. ,.,-.-.-.-
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Estado won, Batldor. second, Mocorito third
Time,' 1:09. ," .-'->-- ..
PORTLAND, Or.; Sept. 8. — Four
horses fell <durlng the races at Irving
ton track this afternoon, Virginia Boy
and Neil Holton in the first race and
Morengo and Jim Roberts in the
fourth. In the first three instances
both "horses and Jockeys escaped with
out injury. In the hurdle event,, while
making the last jump, M. L. White's
Jim Roberts struck his knee against
the 'barrier and fell .upon his head,'
breaking his neck. Le Tourney, _the
jeekey, escaped with a bad shaking
up. Summary: ¦ <
First race, five furlonrs, selling— Caroburn
won. Can Nell second, Paul E. Jones third.
Time, l:03*i. • ' , - . :
Uirec Escape Uninjured, but the
Steeplechaser Jim .Roberts Is
Killed.
FOUR HORSES ARE THROWN
IN RACES AT PORTLAND
The State tax rate ' fixed by the
State Board of Equalization Wednes
day at 63% cents on $100, when
added to the city rate of $1 12, will
make the total rate on local property
$1 GoYz, as against $1,637 last year.
City and State Tax Rate.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Cutter, Regale, La
Londe. .
Second race— Golden Link, Schirarz
wald,,.Class Header.
Third race— Leila, Dalvay, Gregor
K.
Fourth race^ — Bay Wonder, Cardinal
Wolsey, Rag Tag.
Fifth race— Subtle, El Otros, I No
Triiinjjer. ¦ _ . .T. .
Sixth race— Brand New, Golden
Mineral,' Ncirmonm Hay.
Seventh rac<; — Sweet Tone, Chock
ayotte. ' Norel." .
Condition of the track— Fast. :
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Flinders, Delusion,
Fleur de Marie.
Second race— Wild Ttiyme, Hurst
bourne, First Mason.
Third race — Oiscau, Waterside,
Broadcloth. , • .,
Fourth race — Gunfire, Jennings en
try* Hurstbourne.
Fifth race— Keynote, Aurumaster,
The Southerner.
Sixth race— Prince Citing, Sidney "C.
Love, Incubator.
Condition of the track— Fast.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY~ SELECTIONS.
Take the First Five Games of a Se
ries and Establish Several
New Records. ; ; ;v
The telegraphic bowling match be
tween the Colorado Springs Bowling
Team and the Pacific Coast All Stars
of this city on the California alleys
last night resulted in the latter team
winning the first five games of the
ten-game series by 403 pins. The All
Stars broke the coast record for
three, four and five games. Jack' La
garde of the All Stars made a new
coast record in tournament play— 298
individual score and 1173 for the five
games, or an averagd , of 234 3-5,
which is also the coast -record.
The team average for the five games
was 1011, or an individual average of
202%. The remaining five games will
be rolled one week hence. Following
are the". scores of both teams:
PACIFIC COAST ALL-STARS.
Tuttle .194 16T ; 190 1S5 235—967
Carroil ...... 210 232' 184 151 214—991
Tnggert .190 213 217 215 167—1002
McGrath .... 201 200 1!)5 : 15.8 168—922
Lagarde .... 224 217 192 293 .212—1173
Totals ....1019 :1055 978 1007 996—5055
Team average. 1011..
COLORADO SPRINGS CHAMPIONS.
Davleo ...... 201 152 167 174 -211—905
Calland ..... 175 1»8 183 179 184—919
McClemens .. 181 -207- 18) 17t 182— 9.IG
Parkinson ... 1SI 150 ' 179 1GS 194— SI'S
Kane .16(5 • 184 .220 213- 231—1014
Totals .... 907 897 938 90S 1CO2 — JCG2
* Team average, 930.4 : ¦¦
Several members of the band of th»
First Regiment of the National Guard
of California, fearing that Colonel
Thomas O'Xeil was about to dismiss
them from that body, asked yesterday
for an injunction preventing him from
doing so. They claim that they hava
expended money for the purchase of
musical Instruments and other neces
sities to become proficient members of
the band. O'Xeil says that he ordered
these men to Camp Atascadero, *but
they refused to go, and because of not
going to camp they are afraid of dis
missal.
Says O'Nell Will Dismiss Them.
CALIFORNIA BOWLERS BEAT
COLORADO SPRINGS TEAM
Seventh race, one mile, selling — Ghats 101,
Artifice 101, La Chaperone 101. My Jane 101.
Llda Lelb 101. LIssardo 03, Arab 06, Norel
96, Chockayotte 96, Soldier of Fortune Oi.
Sweet Tone 97, Thank Haven. 100, Annora J
93. . ' ' ...-.-
Fourth race, -six and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Anna Beall 99, Bay Wonder 99, Red
Raven 99, Jim Hale 104, Cardinal Wolsey 104,
Beautiful and Best 110, Rag Tag 107.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
J. B. Smith 98. Freebooter 08. Prince Brutus
98, Eckerrall 93, El Otrcs 101. No Trumper
105. McClellan 105, Subtle 105, Intense 110.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Golden Min
eral 94, R. F. Williams 04. Ebony 00, Duti
ful 97. Brand New 97, San Remo 99, Voila
100, Atlantlco 104. Dragoon 106, King ElU
wortlv 100. The Bugaboo 107, New Mown Hay
1 12. ¦ * . ¦ ' . ¦ . \ . - ¦ :
Second race, steeplechase, short ¦ course —
Jack Doyle 130, Laura K 125, Lingo 132,
Schwarzwald 132. Class Leader 132, Galba 137,
Allegiance 127. Golden Link 160.
Third race, one mile, purse^ — Peter Paul 82,
Leila 89. Alma Dufour 92, Walnamoinen 99,
Dalvay 100. Greuor K 102.
CHICAGO, Sept. 8. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Harlem track
follow:
First race, five furlongs, purse— Seasick 95,
Effle M 05. Dart 95, Kate Zitt 108. Regale 108,
Novice OS. Biss Lee 98, Harum Scarum 98,
Torpedo 102. Mary Eleanor 102, Cutter 105,
Broadway Girl 110. La Londe 110 Intense
110. ' *
CHICAGO ENTRIES.
Beaten do* stake, fifty-six entries — Concord
Boy vs. Flora Tree; Manree vs. Reckless Rose;
Meddlesome vs. The Villain; Good as Gold vs.
Red Hot; Cavalette vs. Molly Mac; Aereadh
vs. Surny South; Checkers vs. Flowery Friend-
Piker vs. Lady Russell; Prompto vs. Peter Mc
lntyre: Prometheus vs. Jack Short; Rolling
Boer vs. Brljtht Columbia; Dartaway vs. Lux
ury; Fearless Paddy vs. Old Ironsides; The
Sheriff vs. Nellie M; Eastlake vs. Hot Paddy;
Cocette vs. Hawk Kye; Idaho Boy vs. Mush
Ike; -Intruder va. Haddlngton; Templar Gal
lant vs. Lucky Shamrock; Maid of Gowrl* vs.
lied Brick; Beauty Gold vs. McHenry; Mollle
Hnsklns vs. Confusion; Fretter vs. Young
Mountain Belle: Polka Dot vs. Laboring Boy;
Agitator vs. Little Dainty; Miss Domestic vs.
Agile; Marguerite vs. Mount Lowe.
Reserve stake, sixty-four, entries — Irrca. Hot
foot vs. Gunfire; Lady Mentn vs. Medea; Tom
Hooker vs. Ready Address, Sad Sam vs. Lib
erator; Royal Henry vs. Fire Brick; Craig Lad
vs. Loretta: Real Duchess vs. RIchochet; Dean
Gas ton vs. Texas Black Lips; Olivette vs. Shad
ow; Sampler vs. Royal Queen; Jerry Wright
vs. Altornax; Miss Lucille vs. Butte City;
Pasha King vs. Clarice: Icellus ys. PIcadllly;
Idlen».-a vs. The Coroner: Proper vs. Young
Johnny < Rex; Black Bart vs. Farmer Girl;
John C. Heenan vs..Smiler; Mabel S vs. Ouida;
Medley vs. Roy ' Dare: Sir Wlnton vs.. Ruby
Sankey; Frank Dunn vs. False Alarm; Jlga
mtroo vs. Royal PDlrit; Reckless Rose vs.
Melrcse; Jimmy Anthony vs. Wild Nora: Pep
per Jack vs. Ina Cissus; Young Kerry Pippin
vs. Colored Lady: Jack Dow vs. Rose Tree;
Haughty Helen vs. Mount Eagle: Star Syl
vanus vs. Monbells, Hera vs. Frisky Eoy;
WedgewcoJ vs. Travesta.
Class stake, forty-eight entries — Melllnwood
vs. Aeolus; Miss Brummel vs. Remlsso Anlmo-
Laughing Water vs. Glaucus; Mary Tunl3on
vg. -Belfast: Comstock vs. Lucy Clair; Sofala
vs. Etgle Bird:- Sea Lion vs. Golden Garter:
Vandal vs. • Pomona; Foxhunter vs Royal
FrlenJ: Mark Twain vs. lone Hill; Golden
Fortune vs.' Rose of Gold; Hapnazard vs Rac
ing -Auto: Fairy Belle vs. General Fremont-
Galveston vs. Carlow Boy: -Real Pasha vs
Orslna; Renegade Apache vs. The Referee:
Runaway Actress vs. Commercial Traveler-
Queen's Motto vs. Modesto Boy; Rocker Arm
vs. Vina; Clover Blossom vs. Dion Pedro; Con
roy vs. Chill Mara; Honest John vs. Balendine-
Brlght Fortune vs. Silver Cloud.
Champion stakes, sixteen entries — PocateUl
vs. Tom Kins: Barge vs. Black Coon; New
Home Boy vs." Rector; Pasha Pleasant vs. Mc-
V?y: Valley Pride vs. Fair Tralee; Lost Chord
¦vs. .J E II; Silver Heels vs. Imperious; Young
Fearless vs. Full , Moon.
Three days of coursing at Ingleside
Park has attracted entries from all
parts of the State. Four stakes will be
decided — the beaten dogs' stake, class
stake, open stake and champion stake.
The sport will commence this morning
at 11:30, when running in the beaten
dog stake will be commenced. The
stake will be completed to-day. The
first rounds of the open and class
stakes will be run down to-morrow.
These, with the champion stake of
sixteen entries, will be completed on
Sunday. Following are the entries for
the four stakes.
Three • Days' Coursing at Ingleside
Park Attracts Entries From
the Prominent Kennels.
First race— Golden Light, Easter
Walters, Tony Lapping.*
Second race— The Cook, Alice Platt,
Ln<1y Moneuse. *i* ; ' ;'. ; U
Third race — Avoid, Barkleylte,
Stin«r.
Fourth race — Hayes' best, Ed Ball,
Commodore.
.Fifth race— The Regent, Lacy
Crawford, Anne Davis.
Sixth race— Bugle Horn, Varro,
Light Opera.
Condition of the track — Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
MANY GREYHOUNDS WILL
RUN IN FOUR STAKES
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, three
year-olds - and up, selling — Cloverland 111
Stonewall 106, Requiter 104. Pass Book 103,
Flexion 103, Keynote 103, Aururaaeter 103,
Homestead 101. Garnish 100, Gold Dome 98,
Proceeds 98, The Southerner 97, Eagle 94.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles* on
turf, three-year-olds and up, $1200 added
Ormonde's Right 114, Schoolmaster 108, Incu
bator 108. New York 108. Lord Advocate 108
Sidney C. Love 108, Prince Chlng 105, "Stolen
Moment* 105. .: : ¦ ,: *
Third race, six and a half furlongs "on turf,
the Golden Rod, two-year-olds, $2000 added
Broadcloth 115.- Pasadena 110. Gamara 115,
Waterside 115,-Tongorder 115, Olseau 115. " ' '
Fourth race, one and an eighth mllea,
three year-olds and up, the Omnium Handicap,
$3000 added — McChesney 120. Gunfire 118,
Hurstbourne 116. Dainty 115, Proper 107, Colo
nial Girl 107, Dolly -Spanker 102, Ormonde's
Right 95, Ostrich 95. (Proper and Dainty, Jen
nings entry).
Second race, one mile, handicap, all ages,
$1200 added— First Mason 124, Hurstboumn
J22. Ormonde's Right 111. Wild Thyme 108,
Sir Lynnewood OS, Ancestor 97, Lord Mel
bourne 86.
Firet race, five and a half furlongs. Futurity
couree, two-year-old fillies, selling — Belle Dixon
110, Raiment 105, Charley's Aunt 109. Flinders
J09, Nellie Russell 104, Fleur de Marie 104,
Brush Up 104, Sparkling 104, Princess Eris
104, Awakening 99. Agnes Virginia 99. Rose
Mary Kane 99, Ken 98. Cotillion 98, Delusion
9C, BIgque 94, Miss Modesty 94, Star Lilly 94,
Black Cat 94.
SHEEPSHEAD, BAY, Sept. 8.—
High class fields will meet to-morro.w
at the track. McChesney Is to start
in the Omnium handicap. The day's
entries:
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Time, 1 :40 3-5. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner, R. M. Hennessey's b. m. (5) by Free
man-Ethel Gray. Louisville 99, ' Begone 96.
Our Bessie 101, Gllfain 106, Wine Sap 101, fin-,
lshew as named.
SEVENTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. .«i Fin.
9 to 20 — Ethylene. 106 (Lawrence) 110 10
16 to 1— Sioux Chief, 97 (Nicol).. 4 64 2 4
12 to 1 — Royalty. 98 (Greenfield) 6 2 1 3 1
i SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
IB to 1 — Miss Deuce, 104 (Mountn) 6 3*2 1 n •
8 to 1— Handy Bill. 104 (Sheehan) 9 '7'>£ 2 n't
9tol— North Enid. 98 "(Preston) 3 11 3 V, "
Time, 1 :01 3-5. Start good; Won driving.
Winner, i C. R; Ellison's ch. f. by Goodrich-
D«uce of Hearts. Garvice 99. Lieutenant Rice
1C5, Lawlor 107. Togo 107,> Voltrioe 107. Hope
less 96. Seaworthy 107. Gallant Cassle 101,
Hattle Weihe 102, Foxy Grandma 101, finished
as named. . - ¦ • ¦
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ages: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin.
9 to 20 — Don Dorao, 106 (Nicol). . 5 14 12'
20 to 1— Nannie Hodge. 106 (Lanr)2 3 30 2 h
3 to 1 — The Crisis. , 112 (Henry) 4 2 5 3 30
Time, 1:13 1-6. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. F. Newman's b. g. (3) by Rancocas-
Faithless. Valeat 100, Skillful 115. finished as
named. • . .
Third race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Avoid 107, Barkleylte 107. Amorous 102,
Sting 102, Ivernla 102, John II 97.
Fourth race, six furlonfs, handicap — Ed Ball
119. Commodore 117. Ice . Water 108, Braden
98, Allen Avon 63, Responsive 88. (Braden
and Ice Water,. Hayes entry.)
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards.
purse — Glennevls 113, Neversuch 110,. Lacy
Crawford 106, The Regent 106, Anne Davis 97.
' Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Light Opera 107, Mainspring 105, Varro 104,
Metlakatla 97, Dawson 97, Check Morgan 92,
Getchel 92. Bugle Horn 92. Reglna D 89.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 8. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Delmar track
follow:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Flora Willoughby 105, Kilmoncllffe 102.
George Vivian 99. Sister Lillian 99. Golden
Light 99. Eocrys 99. Pepper Dick 99. Tony
Lepplng: 94. Trogan 94. Easter Walters 83.
Tryon SO.
Second race, five furlongs, purse — The Cook
107, Lady Moneuse .107, Annabelle Lee. 107.
Alice . Platt 104, Aurocelver 104, Edith May
100. Violin 100.
The Oakland and the Sam Francisco
baseball teams Wftl play two games to
day at Recreation^ Park. The first will
be called at 10:30 a. m. and the second
at 2:30 p. m.
Some of the fastest bicycle riders ih
California will compete at a three-day
meeting which opens to-day at Ingle
side race track.
Down at Tanforan the speedway
drivers of the San Francisco Driving
Association will hold matinee races. A
number of fast trotters and pacers are
entered.
' Out at Golden Gate Park the Scot
tish bowlers will disport on the green,
while at the Presidio Gaelic games in
all their variety will be seen.
An interesting rowing regatta, under
the patronage of the Native Sons, will
be held on Lake Merritt, Oakland. A
representative entry has been received.
The lover of outdoor sports and pas
times has a wide range of choice
spread before him to-day. He may
witness yachting or rowing races, base
ball, tennis,* golf, cycling, Scottish
bowling or Gaelic games. Then there
are harness races at Tanforan, cours
ing at Ingleside and a high-class dog
show at Burllngame.
The dog show will be held In the open
air on the private polo field of Francis
J. Carolan, the master of Crossways.
There are 227 dogs entered In the va
rious classes. A special train will
leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 o'clock, returning at 4:45 o'clock. The
judging, which will be in the hands of
competent men, will commence at 11
o'clock.
The ninth annual regatta of the Pa
cific Interclub Yacht Association will
be sailed over the channel course. The
committee boat, tickets for which may
be procured by the public, will be off
the " Powell-street Tvharf at 11 a. m.
At 12 m. the first class will start. Just
a score of yachts are entered and un
usually interesting contests are ' ex
pected in the twenty-foot, thirty-six
foot and forty-four-foot classes.
A golf handicap over eighteen holes,
medal play, will be held over the Pre
sidio course of the San Francisco Golf
Club. The two rounds may be played
either In the morning or the afternoon.
On the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club the four matches in the opening
round of the' competition for the Coun
cil's cup for men will be played. .
At San Rafael the State champion
ship tennis tournament will be con
tinued.
Mixed doubles— Miss May Sutton and J.*
Donnell beat Mrs. Seymour and C. Grlffia.
0-0. 6-2; Miss F. Sutton and F. Elliott beat
Miss May Sutton and Donnell, 3-6. 7-5 8-0:
Miss Dobbins and P. Murdock beat Miss Sey«
tnour and H. Donnell, 4-6. 6-2. 6-4.
Men's singles (seml-flnals) — Percy Murdock
beat Fritz Overton. 0-8. 9-4, 6-4. 6-8; Drom
mond MacGavin beat Trowbrldgs Hendrick.
6-4. 6-3,' 6-3.
Ladles' singles (finals) — Miss Florene« Sut
ton beat Miss Hazel Hotchkiss. 6-2, 0.2.
To-day the seml-flnals of the men's
doubles, finals of the ladles' doubles,
finals of the men's singles, seml-flnals
of the mixed doubles and possibly the
finals of the men's doubles will be
played. N
The following matches were played
yesterday:
The northern -tennis players again
carried off the honors yesterday at San
Rafael. In the semi-finals of the men'j
singles Percy Murdock of Alameda and
Drummond MacGavin of San Fran
cisco disposed of Fritz Overton and
Trowbridge Hendrick, both of Los
Angeles. Murdock and MacGavin will
meet this afternoon to decide which
will play Alfonzo Bell for the cham
pionship to-morrow.
The morning match between Overton
and Murdock was a four-set affair, in
which Murdock, after falling to win
a game in the first set, won the next
three handllv. In the opening set the
man who recently beat Champion
Bell was at his best and Murdock
looked outclassed. Overton, however,
could not keep up the pace, the heat
and dense smoke overhanging the
court affecting him to a great extent.
In the last three sets Murdock played
his best game and, except for a spurt
in the third set, was in no particular
danger of losing. In this set Overton
seemed to get his second wind and
pulled from a 5-0 lead up to 5-4. Mur
dock undoubtedly played great tennis,
but it is only fair to Overton to say he
could have done better had the condi
tions been different.
In thes afternoon MacGavin and Hen
drick met and the former, to the sur
prise of many, won easily. After dla
posing of Hunt on the previous day
many thought Hendrick would win the
tournament, but he was no match for
MacGavin. The latter is playing bet
ter than he ever did and the man who
beats him will have to play some won
derful tennis. He has steadied down*
and also has more self-confidence than
previously. Hendrick played a good
game in his match with MacGavin, but
the latter, kept him in the back court
and had him at his mercy. The match
went in straight sets. The score waa
C-4, 6-3, 6-3.
The mixed doubles event was com
pleted down to the finals in one half
and the semi-finals in the other. By
beating Miss May Sutton and John
Donnell, Miss Florence Sutton and
Fletcher Elliott obtained to the finals.
Miss Dobbins and Percy Murdock
beat Miss Seymour and H. Donnell. The
winners will meet Miss Violet Sutton
and Trowbridge Hendrick in the semi
finals this morning.
The ladies' singles tournament was
finished and resulted in a victory for
Miss Florence Sutton. In the finals she
.beat Miss Hazel Hotchkiss. Many
thought the loser would make a better
showing, but Miss Florence has im
proved since last year and will make
ber sister. Miss May, work to retain
her laurels.
Florence Siitton Captures
Ladies' Singles Event by
Beating Hazel Hotchkiss
Yachting, Sowing, Baseball,
Dog Show, Tennis, Cours
ing; Racing, Cycling, Golf
LIST IS COMPKEHENSIVE
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— The Lady, 93 (fc«wis)... 4 22 11
14 to 5 — Huzzah. 105 (Mclntyre).. 5 4 }4 2 "4
6 to 2— M. Crawford,104. (Knapp) 3 lh 3h
Time, 1:52. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. m. (7) by Kingston-
Seville. Bragg 106. Don't Ask Me 90, Peter
Paul 98, White Plume 96, finished as named;
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
Alliance stakes: .
Betting. Hone. Weight, Jockey. St. % • Fin.
,! t0 i""^ 1001 "' 1Oe ' (Wilson) 2 26 13
IS to 5— Kurtzmann, 122 (Nicol) 5 3 10 2 n
21 J^° °~ B - Kln n«>'. 115 (Aubchn) 3 12 312
•Time. 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Talbot Bros.' ch. c. by Algol-Becky
Sharpe. Devout 113 also ran. (Miss Inez 115
and John Smulskl 122, fell.) • •
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey; St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Mansard, 143 (Henry).. 5 1 # 1 2
lo to 1 — Ag.'Brennan, 122 (Auben) 6 2 2»*2 2'4
13 to 1 — Al.Commoner,127 (Davis) 3 6 2 ' 3 n
Time. 1:13 4-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. S. S. Rogers' ch. g. (4) by Flor
ist-Fedalma. Handley Cross 133. Beautiful
and Best 136, Juveniles 136, Olympian 13B, fin
ished as named.
¦-, CHICAGO, Sept. .8.— John Smulskl
and* JTiss Inez," coupled as the Ellison
entry and held favorites "at 6 to 5 in
the Alliance stakes at- Harlem to-day,
fell at the half-mile pole." For a time
it was feared' Jockeys ' Knapp and
Mountain had - been seriously, injured^,
but both escaped "with a shaking up.
With these two out of. the race, Alcor,
one; of the outsiders at 8 to . 1,": backed
from 15 to- 1, went on' and won easily
by three lengths from Kurtzman, which
beat.Belle.Kinney, a head for. the .place.
Jockey Knapp and the patrol judge ex
plained the accident. Miss Inez was
running third; when she bled badly,
staggered' and' fell.' jj John* Smulski; rid^
den by Mountain, was right behind her
and when the filly.- dropped he went
headlong over. her. Miss Inez regained
her feet again with Knapp still, in the
saddle and then staggered to the out
side fence, where she fell again.. More
bad . luck g overcame "'Lucky" j Charlie
Ellison in the fifth race, in which his
horse Skilful broke his left foreleg and
will have to be. destroyed. Summary:
FIRST, RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling: .
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «K Fin.
0 to 1— Tyrolian, 08 (Greenfield).. 1 2 # 1 2 -
11 to 1— Mart pentry, 101 (Felcht) 5.11 2 h
Even— Useful Lady. 103 (Nicol) 2 3 2 '8 4
Time. ' 1:00 2-5. Start ; good. Won easily.
Winner. T. C. Lynch's c. f. by Tammany-Yo
del. . Deshon 100, Dlxello 103, Presentiment
114, Lady Laeca 109. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
ONE WILL OPPOSE BELL
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. . % Fin.
14 to 5— Rebo 105 (W Watson) 4 1 1^1 Vt
2 to 1— Mafalda, 107 (D. Austin) 3 8 2 2 2.
4 to 1— Miss Doyle, 102 (Perrine) 5 4 3 3 >&
Time, 1:14?4. Start good. Wen driving.
Winner. W. Mulkcy*s br. .g. (3) by Percy-
Cimerene. Felix Mozzes 105. Dargin 105, J.
P. Mayberry 105, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and- seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up: ••••".•
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ft. [ Fin.
13 to 10— Lustlg, 93 (H.Anderson) 2 13 12
2 to 1 — Misanthrope, 96 (Conwy) 4 2 12 2
9 to. 1— Bengal. 100 (S. Dlckson) 1 5 3 1*£
Time, 1:47^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Schrelber's ch. c. (3) by Balgowan-
Dcrfarftllla. Mildred L 90. Dollnda 95, Al
bany Girl 105, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a. sixteenth
miles; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %. Fin.
15 to 2— Jack Young, 100 (Howrd) 2 3 ns 1 J ,j
9 to 2— The Regent, 104 (Rice). 4 4 2 2 5
Even — Just So, 104 (D. Austin) . . 1 1 ns 3 4
Time, 1:49. Start- good. Won ridden out.
Winner, G. C. Baker's br. h. (4) by Lamp
lighter-Johnetta. Old Stone 109 also ran.
THIRD- RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Monaco Mald.104 (W.Dgn) 4 2 2 1 nk
12 to 1— Picture Hat. 95 (Rice)... 2 1 % 2 2
3 to 2— Dameron, 100 (D.Austin). 6 46 35
" Time. 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. ¦ M. Goldblatfs ch. f. by Prince
of i Monaco-Llnka. Allen Avon 107, Hersaln
95. Wlllowdene 107. His Worship 99. finished
as named. His Worshib broke down.
EECONDi RACE — One and an eighth miles;
four- year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to J— Ouderiarde, 100 (Rice).... 3 . 2 '.& I nk
7 to 2— Jdge Cantrill.105 (D.Astn) 6 11 2 3
3 tol— St.Slmonlan, 105 (Ioung).12- 5 3 3 nk
Time. <1:5C»4. Start, good. Won driving.
Winner,' O. W. Boardman's ch." g. (6) by Odd
Fellow- Annie Clark. '¦ [ Blrdwoca - 105. Compass
105, Guadalaqulver 100, Drummond 100, Murmur
305. Burke Ccchran. 105. Miracle II 100. Sir
Holla 103; Beana 105. finished as named.
J|T. LOUIS, Sept. 8.— Jack Young ran
a good race to-day and, although the
outsider in the Delmar feature betting,
was much the best. Only two favorites
won out of six races. The weather was
clear and the tract fast. Attendance,
4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and & half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olda.
Bettinjf. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
, 4 to T*— Layeon, JOS (D.Austin)... 1,0 3 11
3 to 1— Platt, 103 (W. Dugan) 3 2 1%'J 1
20 to 1— Lady Murcury.105 (Young) 9 3 1%." 6
Time, 1:09%^ Start good for all but Lady
Gift. J Won : easily. Winner, T. P. Hayes' ch.
c. by ¦ Charade-Lash. Bavarian 105, Wake
ful -103. John Randolph' 105, Dresden 105,
Ethel's Pride 105. Flyins Fire 105, Lady Gift
106.. finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time, 2:34 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Goughacre stable's, br. c. by Athe
ling-Mlss Glennon. Rosetlnt, Lady Potentate,
Dalesman, finished as named. ! . ¦ '
SIXTH RACE— One and a half miles; the
Russett handicap: for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Shorthoee. 117 (Odom)..'.. 4 6 1 1 1#
2 to 1 — Carbuncle. 107 (Redfern) 2 S h 2 %
6 to 1— M. Da lnserfleld.il 2 (Martn) 1 3 1%3 8
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; sell-
Ing; for all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6tol — Maj.Pelham.112 (Bullmn) 1 ih 15
15 to 1— Vanness, 107 (Fischer)... 4 2 4 2 %
6tol— Arsenal. 112 (Hildebrand) 6 5 2 3 4
Time. 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won ea6lly.
Winner. J. W. May's ch. c. by G. W. John
son-Strathmald. Dapple Gold, Stevedore, Gil
pin.' • Canajoharle, , . Naughty J Lady, Vagary.
Merry Pioneer. Jerry C. Gay Lothario, Sover
eign.- Melstersinger, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; pur»e; for all
ages : > -
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 6— Councilman, 92 (Crimmna) 1 15-16
30 to 1— Sonoma Belle.109 (Cohrn) 5 5 2 2 3
6 to 1— Veto. 80 (HiKglns) tf 43 33
Time. 1:39 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. J. E. Madden'a br. c. by Approval-
Bremen. Waswift. Salvatella, Monet. Jake
Rabensteln, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; the Flight;
two-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Hambrg Belle. 115 (Lyne) 1 2 14 ' 1 1
25 to 1— Jocund, 108 (©•Nell) 5 5 1 2 1
8 to 5— Alan-a- Dale. . 110 (Martn) 2 1 h 3 1
Time. 1:25. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. S. Paget's ch. f. by Hamburg-Mac.
MIneola, St. Bellane. Dick Bernard. Orly II,
Buttling finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, about two
miles, handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Harse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Knt Harlem, 130 (Heldes) 6-43 1 h
6 to 6— I>romedary, 146 (Veltch). 3* 6 14 2 6
5 to 1 — Sir Voorhles, 113 (O'Donll) 7 3 8 3 6
Time, 4:04 2-5. Start good. "Won driving.
Winner. Mr. Storey's ch. g. by Ben Strome-
Last Ban. Walter Cleary, Royelle, Eophono,
Georgia Pine. Maiden. Billy Ray, Knight of
the Bronx finished as named. ,
Time. 1:08. Start fair. "Won driving. Win
ner, E. R. Thomas' ch.g. by St. Gatien-Braw
Lais. Danseuse, • Bait and Pepper. R. L. John
son. Only One. Indian Star, Shepherdess. Pa
cetti. Applaud. Fire Ball, Mrs. Bob, Whlte
¦tona, Pismalian. Ivanhoa finished as named.
After Alan-a-Dale began to stop Jo
cunds appeared on the scene coming
from some .distance back. He was
within a length of Hamburg Belle at
the end of , seven furlongs run In ,1:25.
This equals the old 'track record, which
stood up -to August ,30,, when .Letola
was accredited .with havingrrun' the
seven furlongs in 1:24 4-5. Summary:
• FIRST RACE— Flv* and a half furlonrs;
two-year-olds; selling;:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to &— Niblick,' 100 (Kedfern). . 1 2 V4 '1 1
6 to 2— Workman. 112 (Shaw)...' 3 3h 2 2
9 to 2— Vldalla. 112 (Odom) j 5 4 b 3 h
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, Sept. 8.—Alan
a-Dale was equal favorite at first;with
Hamburg. Belle for the Flight* stakes,
but at the close of the betting the filly
had the call at 7 to 5. St. Bellane, the
game two-year-old, was third choice at
4 to 1. Jocund, an added starter, was
at 25 to 1, yet he all but beat Hamburg
Belle,, arid, if the .race had been'. at,- a
mile he might have beaten her..; Some
allowance must-be made for the pace
set by Alari-a-Dale. The latter "bore
out" before peaching the "elbow" and
bumped' Hamburg' Belle twice. This
made no difference in the result.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lovers of Outdoor Sports
Have a Wide Range To-Day
From Which to Choose
burdock and MacGavin Dis
pose of Southern Bivals
in the Semi-Final Bound
'Ellison's John Smulski find
; Miss Inez Failin a Bace
at Harlem.
Jack Young, the" Outsider in
the Betting, Buns Well
atDelmar.
Paget Filly Has^ the CalLin
the Betting at Post .'....
\ Time. ~
HOLIDAY GAMES
ARE PROMISING
NORTHERN MEN
DISPLAY FORM
HAMBURG BELLE TAKES FLIGHT STAKES
FROM JOCUND AETER A FAST RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL. FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 9. 1904.
GANS AN D WALCOTT ARE MATCH ED TO FIGHT AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION
, Some. men carry their. courage around
in a Docket flask. •• ¦ ¦"» - —¦¦¦¦ ¦-¦ ¦ - ,:••=--
Movinc a Whole Town.
On account of the removal of the
Southern Pacific's division, point from
Wadsworth, Nev., the population and
buildings -of -that town of railway 'men
is . to be transferred .to a , new .town
called Sparks, two, miles east of. Reno.
The '.railway; company, has" given- Its
employes "lots in Sparks in exchange
for their. lots in and is
moving their, houseVon'flatcars. ". "
2:» i«c» wri; » 1200. $250 Us winner of
r*ck hrai— Hetty Own th*> second and (bird
W«,t» in r.';f t and 2:08. Nathan Straus* tu
10
There Is a Standard
a**" llSsiwill ' wlllcll > when honestly
*— HhSWvI " a!med at by true masters
JS BrAyjB ct the «rt. can be reached
»fl/^3 1n the process of brewing
| Jjo BF. M S .' - * nd "MtUftaB- And the
' — Wki i ; 5^| * tren B- n — heavy, medium
< l^™i=iSSlc or •'Kht— is a matter of
jj-ippil «klllftil adjustment.
Jlili-iiOTi^ ill A I M
i^^H
9'''8^«$^P^1 MILWAUKEE
WW ¥&\ \^» 8trik!t tij B »?? i «»s
Malt-Yivins
ypJ^fej.W' BUTZ 8REW. Cfl,
SAM SXEO * CO
r i iTliJTmTT ¦«" Whol5«al« Eeatlex*.
812 Battery St.,
TeL Main 5859. San Fraactico. .TO SAIL.
kona for San Francisco. ¦ '.
TELEGRAPHIC. • ¦ '„
POINT LOBOS, Seot 8, 10 i> m — Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 4 miles perhour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ..
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 8, 10:20 a ,m—
Stmr Lakme, from Eureka, for Saa Pedro.
REDONDO-r-Salled Sent 8— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for Saa Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived SeDt 8— Stmr Pomona,
hence Sent 7.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 8 — Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence Sept ' 4;' stmr Robert Dollar,- hence
Sept 3. :
Arrived Sent 8-^-Stmr Jeanle, hence 'Sept 3.:
BALLARD— Arrived SeDt 7— Schr Stlmson,
from Redondo; schr Mindora, hence Aug 16.
Arrived SeDt 8 — Schr Maweema. from San 1
Diego. " , . ¦
NAKNEK— Sailed Aur 27— Bark Hecla, for
San Francisco. Aug 28 — Ships Santa Clara and
Bohemia, for Ean -Francisco; stmr Rita New
man, for San Francisco: stmr Kvichak, for
Karluk. ¦ , •
UMPQUA— Arrived SeDt 7— Stmr San Ga
briel, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— rArrlved gept 7— Stmr
Newbtirg, hence Sept 4.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Sept 8 — Ship
Charmer, from- Honolulu:. echr John G North,
from Kaliua; schr John A Campbell, from
Santa Rosalia.
Passed in Seat S — Shin- John Currier, from
Naknek, for Tacoma. -.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Brans.
wick, hence SeDt 7.
WESTPORT— Arrived 8eot 8— Stmr Fulton,
hence Sept. 7.
BANDON— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Chlco. from
Astoria. • • - ' .
Sailed Sept 8 — Stmr Elizabeth, for San Fran
cisco; schr Coquelle, /or San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Sept 8 — Br bark Blyths
wood, from Mazatlan, for Port Townsend;
schr Borealls, from Seattle, for San Pedro.
Passed in Sent 8— Shin America, from
Nushaa-ak. for Seattle. • ;-¦"
ASTORIA— Arrived Sect : 8— Br ehip Car
narvon Bay from Port Ixjs Angeles.
• Arrived Sept ' 8 — Stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay; Fr bark Dulelx,; from Shields.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Sept 8— Schr Fred
E Sander, for Salaverry.
TACOMA— Arrived Setft 8— Ship John Cur
rier, from Naknek; bktn Gardiner City, hence
CXKJS BAY— Sailed SeDt 8— Stmr Homer, for
San . Francisco: schr Western Home, for, San
Francisco. ¦• - :
PORT MADISON— Sailed Sect 4— Schr Oli
ver J Olsen. for San Diego.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed - Sent 7-^Stmr Pasa
dena, for Eureka.' Sept 8— Stmrs Alcazar,
Shasta and Noyo, for San ' Francisco.
SAN . DIEGO— Sailed Sept S— Stmr Coqullle
River, -for San Francisco. •,
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Sept 8— Bchr Spo
kane, hence Aug 16. '
PORT BLATCKLEY — Arrived Best 8— Bktn
Chas F Crocker, • from Ban Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 8— Stmr Cen
tralia. for San Pedro; schr W J . Patterson,
for Redondo.
Arrived Sept 8^-Tug Sea Rover, hence
Sept 3) '..¦ IgLAND ports. ;¦>."
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept- 8— Stair Argyll,
for San Francisco; U S stmr Sherman, for San
Francisco. EAgTB;RN VpORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr, Yucatan,
for Colon. ' ' ,' ' ¦ '¦, ' ' - '
Sailed Bept' 8— Bark Star of Bensral, for
Australia. - FOKE1GN ports. -
* VICTORIA— Arrived: S&t : 7— Br: ship Falk-"
landbank." 5 from Glasgow. V - ' '. !
s* NEWCASTLE.- - AUS— Sailed Augf 29— Schr
Omega. * for - Honolpu, , : 8«pt 8-^Fr bark Rene,'
for. Ean' Francisco.
United States Coast -and -Geodetic- Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
¦ - at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
. Superintendent. ..;.... , : *..-'. - "• :
i NOTE— The • high and : low waters . occur , at
Sun, ¦ Moon - and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch - Hydregraphlo Office, V. S. N.. Mer«
chants' Exchange. ' San Francisco, . Cal..
• September 8. 1904. •-••
The Time Ball on j the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at neon to-day—
1 e at noon - of - the 120th - meridian er at
B d 'in Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
.' ' LUutenant. U.I 3/ N. t la char**. :
Steamer. Destination. ¦.„ J Sails.
Oregon Nome & . St. Michael . . Sept.- 9
Dolphin....:. Skagway tc Way Ports. Sept. 10
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet ft Way Pts Sept. 10
Tmcoma...... Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept." 12
Ciiy Beattlr.; Ekagway A W.iv Forts. Sept. 12
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports, Sept. 12
City Topeka.. Bkagtray & Way Ports. Sept. II
Jefferson..... Skagway A Way Ports. Sept. 15
Santa Ana:.. Seldovia * Way Ports. Sept. 16
CMympia..... Nome & N. E. Siberia. (Sept. 20
Garonne. ..... Nome ................ jS^pt. 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . Destination. . . Sails. Pier.
. . September 9. -
Honiara.... Seattle direct ..:. 2 pm Pier 11
Redondo Astoria & Portland 12 m Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
September 10. |
Aurella Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Acapulco... N.' T. via- Ancon. 12- m Pier 40
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30p|Pler 9
Eureka Humboldt .......... 0 amlPier 13
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centralia. . . Los Angeles Ports. 10 am. Pier 10
September 11.
S. Rcsa San Diego & Way. .9 am Pier II
Elizabeth.. Coquille River ..... 6 pm Pier 20
September 13.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way. .. 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor...:.. 4 pm Pier 20
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Plec.10
September 13.{. .. i •
North Fork. Humboldt .| 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... U:30 p Pier 9
Chlco Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
September 14.
Mariposa... Tahiti direct, 11 am Pier 7
Arctic Humboldt-... ¦. 9 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
September IS.
Sequoia.... WUlapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 27
Oregonian.. New Tork ............... PUr 23
Pomo ...... pt. Arena & Albion 6 pro Pier 2
State of Cal San . Diego . & Way. 0 am Pier 11
September 16.
Hathor Hamburg A Way. . 12 m Pier 1»
Coos Bay.. Ean Pedro ft Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 17.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Barracouta. N. T. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Tier 16
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. .
FRIDAY. • SEPTEMBER V. ~"^
Sun rises - .....* 5:4t(
Sun sets 9:2V
Moon' sets (new) 0:00 p. mJ
O iTIme) . | Time] ITlmel Time
S 1 1 Ft. I f Ft. J Ft. Ft. '-
» |L W| |H W| |Lff H W
9 4:36—0.111:15 6.4 4:50 1.3 11:12 5.6
10 5:22 0.111:53 5.6 5:41 0.S
H W L W H W L W .
11 0:07 5.6 6:05 0.5 12:32 5 5 8:33 0.7
12 1:02 5.3 6:46 1.0 1:12 5.3 7:22 0.5
13. 2:00 5.0 7:32 1.6 1:56! 5.4 8:20 0.5
14 J 3:05 4.5 8:20j 2.21 2:42[ 5.3 8:23 O.S
NOTE — In- the above exposition of the tides
tht early morning tides are given In the l*ft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
tlgn precedes the height and then the number
riven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
cf the lower low waters. '
Steamer. ¦ '. 'From. ' ' J Due.
Rainier...... Seattle & Belllnsham. Sept. 9
Abydos Hamburg &. Way Ports S*pt. 9
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. • ft
Elizabeth CoquiUe River .... Sept. 9
Barracouta.. New lork via Ancon. Fept. a
Wyefield Oyeter Harbor. Sept. 10
North Fork.. Humboldt Sept. 10
Hathor...... Seattle Stpt. 10
Chlco Coquille River Sept. 10
Centralia.... Grays Harbor Sept. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .'Sept. 11
Arctic Humboldt ...Sept. 11
Pomona ...... Humboldt :....: Sept. 11
G. Lindauer . '. Grays Harbor Sept. IX
Korea I China & Japan Sept. 12
State of Cal..; San Diego it Way Pts. Sept. 12
O. Dollar Grays Harbor ;.. |Sejt. 12
S. Barbara. . . Ban Pe/lro |S«pt. 12
Sequoia Willaiu Harbor.. tScpt 32
M. Dollar. . . . fcar. l-Ldro .- Sepl 12
Coronado San Pedro Sept. -12
Alameda..:. Honolulu Stpt. 13
UmatUla Puget Sound Ports. ... Sept. 13
Coos Bay.... Ban Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 13
Texan New "iork ,?ept. 33
Argo Eel River Ports... ..... Sept. 13
Eureka Humboldt..... Sept. 13
Leelanaw.... Seattle ...Sept. 13
Newburg Grays Harbor ......... Sept. 13
Corona .. . Humboldt ; Sept. 14
Breakwater.. Coos Bay ............ Sept. 14
Peru New York via Ancon. . S«pt. 15
Alliance . Portland & Way PorU Sept. 15
Jeanle Seattle tc Tacoma .... Sept. 15
Santa Rosa.; San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 15
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 15'
G. W. Elder. Portland &. Astoria Sept. 1«
Queen l'ii«-:t Sound Ports.... Sept. «8
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 19
Gaelic China &'Japan.'. .Sept. 20
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
_ . .¦•
(120th meridian — Pacific time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. o, 6 p. m.— The
following maximum fend minimum temperatures
arc rsoorted for the previous day:
Boston 72-58 New Orleans ..V. 84-72
Cincinnati ..86-60 Philadelphia 74-62
Jacksonvllle v 84-70 Washington 73-54 .
St. Louis 78-6CNew York 70-60
Chicago 72 -6C Plttsburg 78-64
SAN FRANCISCO 1CO-76
THE COAST RECORD.
i ilifiai |: t
STATIONS. J S|S3a3. 3" '"
r-- ? s' '¦ ' '• Z
: • ? : if
Baker 30.00 82 64 N Pt.Cldy'.OO
Carson 29.96 84 60 W Clear ., .00
Bur-ka 30.06 6« . 46 N Clear .00
Fresno 29.78 108 72 NW Clear • .00
S. E. Farallon 29.87 71 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.08 76 40 NE Clear ..0O
Pocatello . 29. SS' 92 54 SE Clear .00
Independence 29. bS 92 64 S . Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.84 96 68 "W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt. ,T«malp. 29.9« 94 68 NW Clear .00
North Head ..30.18 71 58 NW Cloudy .08
Phoenix ......29.84 08 72 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Pt Reyes Lt 29.S3 98 71 NW Clear .00
Portland .....30.06 78 -54 NW Pt.Cldy .00
R«d Bluff ;,.. 29. PO 102' B8 S Clear .00
Roseburg 30.04. 86TCO. N ' Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.84 100 70 W Clear .CO
Salt Lnke 29.96 92 62 NW Clear .00
San Francisco 29.88 100 76 W , Pt.Cldy .00
San L Obispo 29.84 102 82 N Clear .00
San Diego 29. SS 84 C6 "S Clear .00
Seattle ."50.14 66 54 NB Cloudy .08
Spokane ......23.92 82 52 W Cloudy .00
Tatoo&h 30. t6 60 54 NW Clear .26
Walla Walla .29.94 88 66 W Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnncmucca .29.96 90 48 SW Clear .00
Tuma ..29.82 100 74 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
¦ FORECAST.
Thursday the highest temperature reached at
San Francisco was 10Q degrees. ,
Warm weather prevails generally in Cali
fornia but cooler weather Is in sight, and the
temperature is already beginning to fall along
the coast from Point Concepclon to San Fran
cisco. '. ;
Light ' rain ' Is falling on the northern coast,
from the mouth of the Columbia River north
ward. Tlwre han a!so been light rain at El
Paso.
Forecast made at San 'Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 9:
Northern California— Fair Friday; cooler;
light southerly winds in the Sacramento Valley;
light northerly winds in the San Joaquln.
Southern: California— Fair Friday; cooler;
fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
cooler; brick westerly winds, with fog.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
cooler; ltrht w«sterly winds.
Fresno— Fair Fridays light north winds.
Sacramento — Fair Friday, cooler: light south
erly winds. A. G. McADIE. ,
District Forecaster.
Large Cargo for the Orient.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for
Hongkong and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo,' valued at $499,258,\ exclusive
of treasure, and to be distributed as follows:
For Japan. $10S,427; China, $374,955; Philip
pine Islands. $10,772: East Indies, $3384; Ko
rea, $1354; Egypt, $366. The leading exports
were as follows:
To Japan — 1025 gals wine, 8 cs whisky, 1395
lbs raisins, 4444 lbs ham and bacon, 786 lbs
dried fruit. 14 pkgs fresh fruits, 2090 lbs but
ter. 3728 lbs chocolate,' 68 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 176 cs assorted canned goods, 1S94
lbs cheese. 139 pkgs table preparations, 714 rolls
2 cs leather, 629 bxs soap. 65 flasks quicksil
ver, SO cs rubber shoes, 60 pkgs rubber goods,
28 bales hay, 18 ctls oats, 7 pkgs agricultural
implements, 6 pkgs machinery, 34 bdls snooks,
C06 bars steel, S00 bales cotton. - - -
To China— 8645 bbls flour. 11.290 lbs 17 cs
codfish. 6181 lbs 122 bxs dried fruit. 19,123
lbs ham and bacon. 15S5 lbs 20 cs meals. 684
rkgs table preparations, 2266 lbs butter, 1S39
gals 7 09 wine, 26 cs whisky. 35 cs canned sal
mon. 1008 pkgs fresh fruits, 1518 cs assorted
canned goods, 817S lbs pearl barley, 75,423- lbs
beans, 676 lbs 6 cs chocolate. 16.287 lbs 2 cs
cheese. 14,550 lbs dried fish. 24,967
lbs coffee, 20 kegs olives, 37S bbls sour
krout, 1899 bales sheetings, 1024 bales drills,
2470 bales cotton domestics, 200 bales cotton
duck, 29,764 lbs tin foil, 5194 lbs ginseng, 6565
lbs 2 cs tobacco. 200 cs cigarettes. 39 rolls
leather. 448,272 lbs pig lead, 19 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 15,690 ft lumber, 2 pkgs ma
chinery.
To Philippine Islands — 1000 bbls flour, 40 cs
table preparations, 170 cs canned goods, 62 cs
millctuffs, 327 cs whisky, 25 cs liquors, 12 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 10 pkg» fresh fruits,
18 pkgs rubber goods, 14 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 3 pkgs dry goods, 5 pkgs pipe and fit
tings, 1 pkg machinery.
To East Indies — 487 cs assorted " canned
goods, 80 cs canned salmon, 360 gals wine,
7 pkgs groceries and provisions, 43 cs pre
served cherries, 36 cs liquors, 15 cs whisky, 5
cs syrup 1 pkg machinery.
To Korea— 2635 lbs meals, 16 cs canned
goods, 21 pkgs. groceries and provisions, 26
pkgs wire.
To Egypt — 57 e* canned goods and 10 cs
table preparations.
Grain for Europe.
The French bark General de Boltdeffre was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown, for orders,
with 60.S13 ctls barley, valued at $72,900, and
6720 ctls wheat, valued at $9600.
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The British ship Naiad was cleared yester
day for Liverpool. England, with 92,037 cs
canned fruit, 3100 cb canned salmon, 338 cs
canned vegetables and 280,006 lbs pig lead,
valued at $297,842.
To Ixrad Lumber - for Manila.
The schooner Expansion was cleared yester
day for Manila via Noyo. At the latter port
the vessel will take on 700,000 ft lumber, val
ued at $9800,
— • ; ;
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Sept S. •
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepeen, 67 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, ? hours from
Port Rodsers.
Stmr Aurella, Erlckeon, 64 hours from
Stmr' Point Arena. Miller, 18 hours from
Stmr Mackinaw. 8torrs. fi<J hours from Ta
• Stmr • Argo, , Dunham, 26 hour* from... E«I
Stmr Aberdeen. Weber, 24 hours from
- StmrNushagak, Larsen.lO days and 8 hours
from Naknek.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, 15 hours from Men
dcclno; bound for San Diego; put In for fuel.-
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettmers, 15 hours from
Hardy Creeek.
Ktmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
San Diego, etc. ....
Stmr Greenwood, Walvig, 14 hours from
Needle Rock. - . •
- Fr ship Ernest Reyer, Dieulanxard, B8 days
from Newcastle. - ,
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Schr Halcyon, McDonald, 8 days from Grays
HarbOr CLEARED.
:. . Thursday, Bept 8.
6tmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company. <¦
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney: J D Spreckels ft Bros Co.
Br stmr .Coptic, Armstrong, Hongkopg, . eto;
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company.
JJr stmr CoDtlc, Armstrong. Ohlna, etc.
Ur ship Naiad, Davles, Liverpool; J D
Spreckels & Broi Co. t ¦
Fr bark Gen D» Bolseffr*. La Pannerer,
Queenstown: G W McNear.
Schr Expansion. Johnson, Manila, tU Noyo;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co. .
SAILED.
Thursday, Sept 8.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Sydney, via Hono
lulu.
istmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, Port Rodgera.
Stmr State of California, . Nlcolaon, Ean
Diego.
Stmr Coos Bay, , Johnson, Ban Pedro.
Stmr Banta Cruz Alberts - Monterey.
. Stmr Cella, Nordberg, Albion.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenson. Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bo wens Landing.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. San Diego.
Stmr Porno, Jacobs, Albion.
Schr Onward. ' Anderson, Coqullle River.
•Schr Glendale, Gronwald, Klawack.
' Schr Confianza, Johnson. N'otleys Landing. *
SPOKEN,
Per Fr shto Ernest Reyer, "„ S*ot 8— Bark
Gerard C Ttobey. from Honoluhvfor San Fran
cisco: bktn W H-Dlmond,.from Honolulu; for
San FranciBCo; schr H C Wright, from Mahu-
WILLOWS, Sept. 8. — Several months
ago the Southern Pacific erected a fac
tory near Orland fcr the purpose of
making stone culverts for railroad
crossings and piers and abutments
for buildings. The site of the plant
Is at the Stony Creek crossing, which
has been this division's source of
gravel supply for many years. The tile
factory was begun as an experiment,
tut it has proved an immense success
and its permanency is now assured.
This gives quite an impetus to the
town of Orland, as a large number of
men will be given employment at the
plant.
Tile Factory a Success.
INDIES OF PORTUGUESE
UNION ELECT OFFICERS
Giand Lodge in Session at Santa
Cruz Completes Its Labors
and Adjourns.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 8. — The ses
sion of the Grand Lodge of the Ladies
ci the Portuguese Union ended to-day.
The following officers were elected:
Grand president, Mrs. M. Phillips,
Oakland; grand vice president, Mrs.
M. Jerome. San Francisco; grand sec
re tars'. Mrs. Sylvia Mells, Oakland;
grand treasurer, Mrs. C. Perry, Oak
lajid; mistress of ceremonies, Mrs. M.
Staub, Elmhurst; grand marshal, Mrs.
IX. Krilanovich; grand inside sentinel,
Mrs. Louise Rose, San Francisco;
grand directors — Mrs. A. Armas, Oak
land; Mrs. Silvera, Rodeo; Miss May
Smith, Mission San Jose; Mrs. A. Fur
tad o, San Leandro; Miss Annie Gas
per, . Centerville; Mrs. E. Joseph,
Plcasanton, and Mrs. Garcia, Hay
wards. m .
New Hop Picking Record.
UKIAH, Sept. 8.— Emll Weselsky
broke the record for hop picking to
day, weighing in 114 S pounds. This
is remarkable, as the best pickers
average only about 200 pounds a flay.
Weselsky's hands were cut and bleed-
Ing when, he finished and In horrible
condition from hop poison. His day's
v»xirk netted him more than $11.
JLiner for the Orient.
Side by elde with the Sierra, bound for the
southwest, sailed out the Occidental and Orien
tal steamship Coptic, bound for China and
Japan. With no fear of Russian raiding squad
rons the vessel, was loaded down. to the Pllm
soll mark with freight and with sixty-eight
cabin passenger, and eighty-eight Chinese In
the steerage. The following are the cabin
passengers:
For Yokohama — Edward Cucuel, J. E.
Parker.
For Kobe — Mrs. C. H. Crawford and in
fant. Mrs. W. H. Price, F. W. Deal. G. M.
Ford, Mrs. G. M. Ford, M. Gallagher, 1C
Kodera, Don Oliver, O. T. Echinbeckler, Bert
L. Stoner. M. H. Thorn.
For Nagasaki— Mrs. L.. Ringer, Miss J. L.
Rinrer.
For Shanghai— W. D. Bostlck. Mrs. W. D.
Bostick G. Feu'erbach, Dr. H. A. McCon
ncll, Count H. de Montaigu, Mrs. S. -Roberts
and son, Charles Tedder, Mrs. Charles Tedder.
For Hongkong— Francis M. Beaty. Dr. R. R.
Burt. William Chaochu, C. D. Clark. Mrs.
C D. Clark, Thomas A. Coyne, C. M. Cole,
Mrs. C. M. Cole, W. E. Conklin, Ellis Crom
well Mrs. Ellis Cromwell and child, Charles
C. de Selms. John G. Fels, J. W. Gray. Mr..
A. Heise and child, H. G. Hennage. O. H.
Hicks. Mrs. O. H. Hicks. Charles W. John
son, Elmore Lowell, A. Baint Martin, W. L.
Mayo. W. McLaughlin, E. W. 'Montgomery,
O. W. Moore, Mrs. G. W. Moore. George E.
Neeom, Mrs. George E. Nesom. Rev. Tomas
Palmes. C. Rehlen, Mrs. C. Rehlcn. J. H.
Rhodes. Miss M. Schungel, Miss M. Shimp,
Ed R. Sixer Jr.. B. E. Solomon, J. K. Speed,
Tyra Warren. Mrs. Tyra Warren, James E.
White, John F. Wright, W. A. Williams.
Skull Badly Fractured.
R. C. MarteH was brought over from Oak
land Long Wharf yesterday to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital with .a badly fractured
Fkull. He lives at 174 Fourth street, and was
employed on the steamer Del Norte, across
the bay, unloading a lumber cargo.and was
accidentally knocked down by a stick of tim
ber. The injured man was removed to St.
Luke's Horpital . . ' ~ '.
Shaw Visits San Pedro.
• LOS ANGELES. Sept. 8. — Secretary
Eha.tr, in the company of a commit
tee oT prominent persons of all polit
ical faiths and officers of the army.
visited San Pedro to-day and was tak
en round the harbor and out to .the
new Government breakwater on a tug.
Steamer Newport Sold.
The steamer Newport has been sold by the
Alaeka and Pacific Navigation Company of
Ean Francisco to W. S. Scammell & Co. for
use as a freight and passenger boat between
this port and HaHmoon Bay. Captain T. H.
Corning will be in command.
Money Coming to Tills City.
NEW YORK. Sept. S.— The Bub
treasury will transfer to San Fran
tisco H.O00.O90 for account of local
banking institutions. The money will
be used for corporate expenditures.
NEWS OF. THE OCEAN'.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The French bark General Mellinet, which
made port on Wednesday, was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat and barley to Europe at
22s 6d. The schooner W. R. Hume (at Bal
lard )was chartered prior to arrival for. lumber
thence to Valparaiso, for orders (Pisagua
range), at 40s, option of Africa direct at
w~S tid
The bark Andrew Welch returns to Hono
lulu with general cargo.
»
Exports by the Pacific Uner.
The Oceanic Steamship Company' ¦ Sierra
sailed yesterday for Sydney, via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland, with a general
cargo, valued at » 258.678. to be distributed a*
follows: For Honolulu. $09,308; Samoan
Islands, $366S; New Zealand, $52,515; Austra
lia J100.75S; South Africa, S1&CS; Fiji Islands,
$301. The following were the principal ,ejt-
"Honolulu— 250 bbls flour. 3400 gals 10 cs
wine, 10,85*3 lbs 2 cs bread, 1772 pkgs fresh
fruite, 147 pkgs fresh vegetables. 640 pkg«
potatoes. 230 pkgs onion*, 300U lbs meals, 50 cs
20 bbU salmon. 4&JO lbs dried fish. 1800 lbs
: 40 cs lard, 142 cs canned goods, 6840 lbs but
ter, 15S4 lbs cheese. 8000 lbs «0 pkgs codfish.
125 rs eggs, 77 pke* groceries and provisions,
30 c» whisky. 7 cs brandy, 11 cs Iluors, 20
bbls beer. 1672 ctls barley. 0906 lbs beans,
2160 lbs feedstufts. 20.733 lbs bran, 28 pkgs
table preparations, 30,000 lbs rice, 1723 lbs
eugax, 5641 lbs ham and bacon. S99 Iba fresh
meat. 211V lbs dressed poultry, 1570 lbs fresh
fleh 17 pkgs electrical supplies. 11,270 lbs
castor oil beans. 37 pkc* machinery, 125 pkgs
dry roods, 131 pkgs drugs and sundries, 155
bkgs paper. 05,591 lbs 43 cs manufactured to
bacco. »0 pkss paints and oils. 45 pkgs nails,
16 plcgs railroad material, 100 cs matches, C6
pks» plumbing material, 4 cs hats. 71 c» boots
and shoes. 27 c* arm* and ammunition, 46 bdls
"re. 1682 lbs alum. 31 boiler tubes. 502 rail
road ties 20.090 ft lumber.
To Barooen Islands— 206 pkgs naval stores.
«i okes potatoes and onions. 62 cs assorted
2n£e2«<£ds!l438 lbs bread, 1750 lbs wJt.il
nkss freth fruits, 79 cs canned salmon, 5 bbls
85S.4M.wN pKgs groccrle. and provl
",...' 11 D if» g dross. 27 bales racks.
¦*T?" New ZealSd-41.205 lb. dried fruit.
11 VM lt» raisins, 2819 cs " assorted canned
|oM? 1W « canned salmon. 1021 lb. coffej,
«S£o lbs codfish 4972. lbs meals, 1421 pk#s
frifh miHTlOSS lbs beans. 1977 lb. hop. 200
ens oSaot. 90 cs boots and shoes. 15 bbls
fubrlcatlng oil. 85 pkgs machinery, 196 pkgs
metali pollen. 11 pk*» bicycles and sundries, 29
bdH rubber goods. 110 rolls newspaper. 23
Pkgs rooflns material. 19 pkgs drugs and sun
dries 30 cs cigarette.. 17 pkgs automobile
Srana^S lb. coffee. 6794 Vg,
canned ialmon7S5Ulb» hops. 40 « canned
V£%T 10001b* dried fruit, . 20 cits onion*. -15
J?KlMtaB bbls Pickled^ eaJmon. 3352
pk«« Irish fruits; 13.000 It* codfish. 1060 lb«
In addition to the merchandise cargo the
steamer carried S2C00 In Mexican dollars, con
signed to Suva, Fiji Islands.
raisins, 1800 lbs dried fish, 10 ca wine, 5 cs
brandy, 100 coil* rope, 39 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 13 bales overalls, 13 cs electrical
supplies, 145 cs boots and shoes, 9 Mia lubri
cating oil. 276 pkRS drugs and sundries, 26
pk*s machinery. 2370 lba solder, 33 bdls snooks,
205 pkgs rooHnB material. 16 bales broom corn,
48 pkga agricultural Implements, 41 pkgs sew
ing machines, 890 doors, 4S0 pkgs metal pol
ish, 47 pkgs dry goods, 12 cs arms and am
munition, CO flasks quicksilver. 10 bales news
paper, 63 pkga leather and findings, 8 bales
duck, 12.396 ft lumber.
To South Africa — 5 bales overalls, 68 pkgs
metal polish. . * - -
To Fiji Islands — 8 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 14 cs canned salmon, 33 cs assorted
canned sroode. 2 bales overalls.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sent 8 — Stmr La Sa
voie. for Havre; stmr Bremen, ror Bremen.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 8 — Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York; stmr Deutschland, from New
York. ¦ ¦
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sent 8— Stmr Frled
erlch uer Grosse, from New York, for Bremen,
and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWX-^Sailed Seat 8— Stmr Oce
anic, from Liverpool, for New York. -
CORONEL— Sailed Aue SO— Stmr Ammon,
fr °m Hamburg, Genoa . etc for San Francisco.
BRISBANE-Salled Sent S-.Barfc. Aorangi,
from : Sydne#,N t s,>V,*for.. Vancouver..,.- .. . -
OCEAN STEAMERS,
HAMBURG— Sailed Aux 21— Ger stmr Sile
sia, for South America.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 4— Span stmr Isla de
Luzon, from Manila.
HONGKONG— Arrived SeDt 7— Bt stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
Sailed Sept 8— Jap stmr America Maru. for
San Francisco.
PORT PIR1E— Arrived Sent 3— Ger ship
Thekla, from Port Gamble.
ISLAND— Arrived Aug 24— Brig
Galilee, hence July 30.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 22— Ger stmr Sile
sia, from Hamburg, for South America.
ACAPULCO — Sailed SOat «— Stmr San Jose,
for Ancon. Sept 7— Stmr Peru, for San Fran
cisco.
BARCELONA— Arrived Sept 6— Span rtmr
Isla de Luzon, frcm Liverpool, for Manila.
THREB-MASTED SCHOONER HALCYON, WHICH ARRIVED LV PORT YESTERDAY MORXING FROM GRAYS HARBOR WITH
A CARGO OF LUMBER. NEARLY GOES AiiHORE ON ALCATRAZ ISLAND. BUT A FORTUNATE TURN OF THE TIDE
SWUNG HER CLEAR OF THE BEACH, TO SAFETY.
For Sydney— D. Abbott. H. C. Boyd, Mrs.
Boyd. R. B. Cranwell, H. C. Choyce. Hon. J.
D. Connolly. Mrs. Connolly. C. N. Ccmmeford,
V. Seckyvere, W. Dougrall. William Ellery,
F. D. Ellis, Richard Grant, W.
Harwood. Albert Henry, 6. King, G.
KettlewelL F. R. Kron. Master Kron,
J. McBean, Mrs. McBean. A. MacWlllie. W.
Lambert. G. W. Mallalieu. Mrs. Mallalleu,
P. Nutte, M. E. Pettlnger, G. K. Podoski, W.
Prichard, Mrs. Prichard, W. J. Proctor. Mrs.
Proitor, Edward Rich, Captain W. R. Stone,
George Stoving, Mrs. Stcvlng, J. E. Strachan.
Mr?. Strachan, P. A. Thomson, Thomas H.
Trumbull. Richard Wenzel. Mrs. Wenzel, H.
A. Wiltshire. Mrs. Wiltshire.
For Auckland — J. Armstrong, E. D. Ben
jamin. R. Crawford. Mrs. Crawford, J. H.
Dal ton. Mrs. Dal ton, W. S. Dal ton, John
Gemmell, L. "W. Harris, J. B. Henry, F. D.
Herrlck. E. J. Herrlck, E. C. Lelievre, Mrs.
Lelievre, Miss Lelievre. R. K. Murphy, H. P.
Norton. Alex Oeterrieth. T. O. Price. G. M.
Rcyle, Master Royle. William Todd. -W. H.
Trlsgs. Mrs. Triggs. Miss Trlggs. Dr. J. Y.
Warren.
Fo Honolulu — Mrs. S\ W. Beardslee, B. M.
Boyd. Captain C. J. Campbell, Mrs. Campbell,
Mies Roberta Clay, W. G. Cooper, lire. C. A.
Davis. Mrs. E. B. Drant, Mri. H. R. Empey.
W. H. Field. Mrs. Field and two children, A.
M. R. Fltxsimmons, Miss Fltzslmmone,
Brother Frank. Mlas Frasher. Mrs. Gear. Miss
M. Grace. Dr. M. E. Grossman, A. R. Gurrey,
C. C. von Ha mm. Miss H. O. Hitchcock.
Mrs. G. P. Havens; Mrs. H. A. Jaeger, two
children and nurce; Rev. J. W. W adman.
Miss Wadman. T. K. James. Mrs. E. W. Joy,
Brother Lawrence. W. A. Love. Mrs. Love,
E. A. Mclnerny. J. D. Marqnes, Mrs. Marques,
Mrs. R. E. Miller. R. W. Perkins, A. H. Pratt,
Mrs. Pratt. Mrs C. A. Robinson. Mrs. J. W.
Robinson. Mrs. XV. A. Rod en berg, H. Rosen
berg, J. A. Schwartz. Mrs. Schwartz and child.
E. Y. Shearer. Miss Eva Smith, Brother
Thomas, P. L. Tople, Miss A. Turner, Dr. M.
Wachs, R. V. TCoods, Mrs. Woods, E. J. Wa
terman.
For Pago Pago— C. W. Frederick, P. C. Gas
kill. Fritz Michaelis] C. J. Parks.
The Oceanic steamship Sierra, sailed yester
day afternoon at 2 o'clock for Honolulu and
the Antipodes with a heavy cargo and full
passenger list, cf which the nrst cabin Is as
follows:
For the Antipodes.
LONDON, Sept. 8.— Home Secretary
Akers-Douglas has appointed a com
mission to inquire into the circum
stances of the conviction of Adolph
Beck, who was convicted In 1896 and
served one sentence of seven years,
and who again was arrested and con
victed, but was granted & "free par
don," when . it developed that it had
been conclusively proved that both of
his convictions were founded on mis-'
taken identity. The case has caused
a great sensation, especially in view
of the rearoused interest in the May
brick case, and charges against the
police of conspiracy in order to secure
the conviction of an innocent man are
freely and openly made.
The Government has offered Beck
as compensation . the sum of 110,000.
which he refused on the ground that
It was not sufficient He demanded a
full inquiry, which is backed up by the'
public and press. The case is expected
td develop a further sensation, reflect
ing seriously on the police.
In both Instances Beck was charged
with having obtained money and Jew
elry from women under false pretenses
and his convictions were secured on the
evidence of men who identified him.
Recently, however, a man giving the
name of John Smith was arrested and
confessed that he was the man who
was convicted in 1877 on the same
charge. When Beck was convicted In
1896 It was stated by the police that
Beck was the man Smith who was con
victed in 1877.
ROME. Sept. 8.— The Pope to-day
: ' cived 1500 French pilgrims, mostly
j.nc^ts and nuns, led by M. Harmel,
a well known manufacturer, who de
livered an address to the Pontiff. The
latter, In reply, said the reception was
most Important, being the first French
j-ilgriHsage to visit Rome since the
conflict between France and the Vat
;oan.
In his discourse the Pope thanked
the pilgrims for the loyalty and devo
tion they had manifested, not only in
word, but by d^eds, thus risking hav
ing to make considerable sacrifices. He
added:
"You, descendants of the sons of
France, who were unreservedly faith
ful to the church, devoted to the chair
¦f St. Peter and always ready to de
fend and propagate truth and good
:.ess. will not be degenerate heroes.
•n cpite of the difficulties and sacrl
:.ces which you must face, be always
jrenerous minded, with the certain
knowledge that you will thus be work
ing not only for your own happiness,
hut for the prosperity of your coun
try."
After reviewing the historic connec
tions between France and the Vatican,
i he Pontiff said:
"France is always; notwithstanding
all that has happened, most dear to
nor heart. If necessary we are ready
to- endure again sufferings to insure
the welfare and greatness of your
conntry."
The Pope concluded with urging the
7>llgrims to remain firmly attached to
the church. The discourse was greet
ed with warm applause. Its modera
tion was much commented upon. It
was compared with the aggressive tone'
nf the recent speech made by French
Premier Combes at Auxerre and it was
considered to be an Indication that the
Vatican has not yet lost hope that
pome understanding may still be ar
rived at with France.
Methods of the Police Who
Doomed Him to Two Terms
in Prison Will Be Aired
Vi us X, in a Moderate Dis
course, Hopes the Present
Breach Will Be Healed
Without a breath of breeze to tem
per the heat the water front sweltered
yesterday in an Eastern summer.
Visitors to the wharves, San Fran
ciscans seeking fresh air, stranger
Knights, pilgrims from the sun-
Btricken Middle Western and Southern
States, took launch for the war vessels
out In the bay, but found no relief. It
was hot all day along the docks.
The harbor lay in quietude, with only
the trans-bay ferry boats to ripple the
placid surface of the water till the out
bound liners Sierra and Coptic, moving
abreast, swung out toward the Golden
Gate. The little white schooner
Halcyon, which came in during the
forenoon from Grays Harbor with lum
ber and anchored west of Alcatraz,
tried to set up some entertainment by
dragging near to the island. There
was no wind, but the strong current
set her toward the shore. Fortunately,
however, the turn of the tide swung
her away from the beach and she es
caped grounding.
THANKED BY PONTIFF
SENSATION IN PKOSPECT
Innocent Man Twice Con
victed of Crime Demands
and Is Granted an Inquiry
Fifteen Hundred Pilgrims
!Msk Possible Sacrifices
to Visit the Vatican
Halcyon , Drifts Near
the Beach on
Alcatraz.
POPE RECEITES
FRENCH PARTY
TWO OCEAN LINERS LEAVE THE BAY AT SAME TIME,
SIERRA FOR ANTIPODES AND COPTIC FOR ORIENT
BECK REFUSES
BRITISH GOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,-FFIDAY. SEPTEMBER 9. 1904.
WEATHER REPORT.
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL. ' V
v^SFhT^v Trains Isars and srs 4 me>
/?V5rn>£\ to»rriTe>at
UQ§S^Z\ SAN FRANCISCO,
Tm»t Vxror
X>C \jy t yoot of Market S^sef.)
" AT » - MAIN LINE. -aJI^T
7-C0a VacaTiiie. Wlatera, Rumser- 7-eQs»
. 7.00a Beclcla. Kimira aad Sacramoato.. 720»
7 JOA Tallejo. Kapa, Callstoga. SaaU
*_ Rosa. Martinez. San Ramon 829»
7 J0a Ktlea. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton .... 7.OT»
• 00a Sbaau Expresa — (Via DarU \
•- v WtlUams (for BarUett SprlnsO.
wuiowt trruto. i:ed BlaO.
rortland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-53»
• CCa PaTiLTVoodland. Kalglats Laadtag.
M»rr«vllle. Chico. Orovllle 7-5 3»
I-S8A Port Costa. Martlnex. Aattoch.
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Jfew-
maa. Los Baaoa. Mendoti,
Armoaa, Haaford. Via alia.
Porterrnie 4.20»
EJOa Fort Coita. Modesto. Merced. \
Treano. Oosbea Janetloa, Baa- '
ford. Visalia. Bakersaeld 453a>
• 30a Kllea, Saa Jeee. LlTsrmore. Stock'
ton. (tMIIton). lone. Sacramentoi.
, ifaryHTlite. Colco. lied Bias .... 420»
S.30A Oakdale. Chinese. Jamesto-trn. 8>
aora, TuoJumae aad Aazels 4.20a
800a AtlanUc Express— Osjdca and Easi. S20»
>-30a Blchmond. Martinet and Way
¦— Suttons .: 050a*
10-OOAThe Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omaha. Chicago, Ueaver. Kansas
City. St. Loots 8 20»
10.00a Vallajo 12.tO«>
10.00a Los Angeles • Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinet, Byron, Traey.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Baymoad. Fresno. Gosiien Jnac-
Uon, Baaford. Lemoore, Visalia,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7.26*.
12.00 m Haywartf. Kllea ami Way SUtloas. 320»
11 .OOp StcrstneatoRlTor Steamers.. H1.00»
3 SOf Beateta. IVlntera. Sacramento.
Woodland. Willows. Knights «¦ -
- Landing. Mtryivne. OroTllle
" and way sutions "^2§2*
3.30P BaywaritXiles and Way Stations.. 760*>
400PMartlnez.3anIt«mon,ValleJo,Kaps, _'ii
Catlsuga. 8ant»P.o»a 9 20a
4-OOp Nlles. Tracy. Stociton. Lodl 4.20t»
4S0P Bayward. KUes. Irrlngton. San I tl.50»
Jo»e. LlTorraors... 1 111.50a
B-OOPTae Owl Vmlted— Kewman. Loi . ; _,
Banes. Mendota. Fresno. Tulars.
*" BakersOeld. Lee Angeles 8 50*
t»3Op Hay ward. Nlles aad ban Jose 7.20a
8 4)0 p U ay ward. Kllea and SaaJoae 9 50a
¦ ¦OOpEMtera Expresa — Ofrden. OraaBs. ¦ \7
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City, ,.
Si. Louts, via Martinez. Stockton.
Sucrameiuo. Co) fax. Reno...... 12 50'
•.OOP Vallejo, dsliv, except Sunday..., I 7 en-
700P Vallejo, Sunday only .....( 75ai>
7.00P ftlcamosd. San Pablo. Port Cost*. ¦ -
Msrtla «s and Way SUttons 1120*
¦ /•OfiPReno Passeager— Port Costa. Sui-
sun, Elmlra, Davis,
Trnekee. Lake Tanoe. Reao, -
Tonopah. Sparka 7 50*
1 05 P Port Costa, Martlaes. Byroa.
- Tracy, Latarop. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno and
Wsy Suttons beyond Port Cosu 12-Zup
I-OSP Tosemlte Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona •50a"
t.05p Martinez. Traey. Stockton 10-20*
S.06P Oregon £ California Express — Sac* . ,
ran en to, MarysTltle, Bedding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. ¦¦SO*
t.lOP Hayward, Nlles and Saa Jose (3on-
dayonly) IISfM-
COAST LINE (Msrmw llas^e).
(rootaf Market 8treet >•
7.4Sa SanU Craz Excur>loa(5unday only) 8-1 OP
8.15a Kewark. Center Tille. San Jose, *
Felton. BoiUderCreei. B1sB»sln, - •
Saau Crui and Way Stations. .» 6 55»
t9-15A Alrarado. Kewark, 8an Jose. Loe
•Gato»,01enw^)od, Felton, Boalder
Creek. Big Basin. SanU Crux. . . . 81 Op
t216p Kewark, Centenrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los G» to».F«:ton. . . ,--
Boulder Crxek. Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Buttons 10-SSa
: 4.1tp Kewark. Baa Jose, Los Gatos . tS-55*
4.1 Sp Wright, Boulder Creek and Santa
Crai. Saturday and Sunday only. 18.65*
COAST LINE <«reaJ Uaege). ?
¦* W ~ < * alr<> *"* lownsend fltreets.) - .
•.10a Baa Jose aad Way SUtions... |.30p
' 17.00a San Jose and Way Stations : |.40p
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur- ' ¦-
sion (Sunday only) 10 30»
1.08a Kew Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4-IQp
. lOOAThe Coaster— Saa Jose. Salinas.
Saa Ardo, Paso Roblea, SanU
MaresrtU. San Lois Oblspo.Saata
Barbara, in Baenirentura, ¦•,
Montalro, Oxa«rd, Burbaak, Los
Angeles. 10 4S»
1.00a Sitroy. Hollister. CastroTlHe. Del
Monte, Factflc GroTe, Surf, Lom-
poc tO45P
9.00A >aa Jose. Trea Ptnos.Wataonvine, "
Capltola, Santa Crux. Pacific
Gro*e. Salinas. S*n Luis Obispo
and Principal W»y Station*. ... 410?
10 30a San Joss and Way SUtions t,20P
1130* SanU Clara. Stn Jose. Los Gatos ' • '
and Way 3t*tion» ;.. " 7.30p
UCp Baa Jose aad Way SUtions • 53a
tl OOP Del Monts Express (except Saa-
.. .. day) — Santa Clara, Baa Jose, ' -
WstaoBTTEe. SanU Crux. Del '' rS
Monte. Monttrey. Paelfle Grove. flZ.IB*
S-S0P Barltngtste, Saa Jose, Gllroy, Hot-
lister. Tres Ptnos.Pajaro,Wation> 1 ¦
>Ule. Capltola, SanU Crux, Cas*
¦ trovine. Salinas, Paeifle Grove... 10 45*
4.30P San Jo«e and Way SUtions tB-00*
, tS OOP SanU Clara. *aa Jose. Los Gatos.
.' Wright f ni principal Way £tar - , ¦ ¦
tlons (eicoit Sunday) * t9 00*
|5-30p ban Jo»e ana Principal Way Stations 19.43 %
6 45 P Sunset Express.— Hedwood. Saa
Jose.Gliroy.SaUaas.PuoBobles, "
Baa Luis Ub!«?o. Santa Barbara.
Loe Angeles, Demlng. XI Paao,
Kew Orieaaa. Kew Tork 7.10*
S.45P Pajaro, WataonvlUe, Capitola, I + 1ft _
6aau Crux. Castrovllle, DelV + jOMP
Monte. Pacific Grove . J ' 10-43P
1S-15P t»BM»teo.Berejford,Be!raoT>t,Saa
' Carlos. Redwood* Fair Oaks,
Manlo Park. Palo Alto t8 i3»
fiSOp 6an Jose and Way SUtlona.. ....... 6 3**
• OOp Palo Alto and Way Butioas H 10.15*
11.30P South San FrancMco. Mlllbrte. Bar- "
Hagame, 3* a Mi wo. Belmoas.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks, . *"
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 94Sp
ell 30p Mayfleld. Moantaln View. 8uany-
vale, Lawrence. SaaU Clara aad
an Jose t8.4SP
A for Morning. P for AfUrnooa,
t Sunday eicepted. t Sunday oaly.
a Saturday oaly. b Monday oaly." ¦ "-
|8u>p* at all stations c» Sunday.
CALIPOBNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. Cd
LESSEE
SAN fPANGISGG /NO NORTH PACIFK H
RAHiWAT COMPAHT.
Tihnxon Perry, Poo* oX Mariat Street.
SAK VBAHCXSCO TO SAK KAPAXI...
VVEKK lJAYs— T.M. H-.1M. »•:««. Xa:OU *- —•*
12:39. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 3:60. «:3O aad U:S$
P« "}.-
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:30 j».m. ¦ • .,
SUNDAYS— T:30. 8:C0. 9:ao. 11:06 a. m.: Ii3*
2:80. »:4ft. 6:10. «:3O. 11:30 p. ni.
SAH SArAEL' TO SAK PBAKCISCO.
\.c.£.K uAk»- *:»K>. *:-»*^ "i-**. • -"^ -•-**•
ll:l» m. m.: Vt.BO. Vf.OO. 3:40. S-Ou. »:-*
«:24 p. m. • ¦ ¦ - '-
Saturdays— Extra . trip at 1:43 »-»•¦"—¦.
SUNDAYS— «:5O. 7:35. »:M, 11:13 «. m.: »:*^,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. »:20. «:25. 7:00. p. m. . .-
f Except flaturdaya. - ' ¦¦ - ¦ "^
- Leave I In Effect J •
Ban Fran. ( May 1. 100*. ( San Fran. _-
Week I 8U3. I D«stlna- I Sun- | Ww*
pV»y1i! 1 Says. { tfoa. , 1 days. \ D»vy
: 7-30 a ~ 7:*3* 7:4^a
7-30 a « : 00s. S'.-Wa 3:10*
I:ooJ 1:30 1 Uaaclev »=»»»i»*
8:30 p 2:30 p ' «=00p «2O>
6:10 p 6:10 p . . «:»p .J»
»:Up) ¦
,.w>. T-Ma ~~~ 7:43 a 7:4s) a
8:00 J SiWa No^ato. "]%*"%£
2-30 d 9:30 s Petaluma 6:20 p 0:^ s»
lilOp 2 30p «nd 7:23^ 75J»
bitty] B*nta Rosa. 8:A&P
,.•«. r^oa ~ 10:20"U10^»a
l$l B^Oa Fultoa. 7:25$ «|» *
2^0 Pi 2:30 P 8.43 pj 7^13 9
7:80 a 7:SOa HealdaDurr. 110:20 a 10:20 a
*¦* Lyiton. 1
**>> 2 :S0P gg-ag- y P«> T:g »
7 SO at 7:30 at Hopland 110:20 ajlO:2» a
I" I WtlllU. I l-
T^oa| Sherwood. 'f 7:2»pj 7:23 9
8 00 al 8:00 al Ouernevllle and I10-.2O a|10:2O a
5;Sp( 3:30 p( Camp Vaeatlon. [ 8:45 p| 6:20 9
"••<«» 8-6»a 8:4Oa 8:40 a
Twp »:30« Bonoma. 2:0Op *i3O 9
1 5:10 P Glen EUen. 8:4»p
T»n»l 7-30 al ~~ 110:20 »I1d:2O a
tip Si 2J30 p| • Sebastopol. I 7:23 p{ •:» 9 .
STAGES " connect at Santa r.osa. for Wblta
Sulphur Bprtns;s and Mark West Springs: at
j^Uott for Burks'* Baaitartam : at Lyttoa for
tjrtton 8prtn«s; «t Ceyservllle for Bkans
s^rtBts- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
fSr and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
aDrtngs. Hlshland Springs, jvjl*«yvU!e. Carts-
Sd8prin»s*8oda Bay. Lakepcrt and BarUeu
Rftrinxs- at CkUh for Vichy Sprlncs. Baratoaa .
BprtSS. KU. LaWs. I-auiel D«U Lake. WJttS
ficrinl*. Upper Lake. I'omo, Potter Valley.
fcto^eJ^^Werside. Llerleys. Buckael?^
ganhedela ' Heights, r. HuUvlUe, Orr^e Hot
fiprtMS. HaUway House. Comptche. Cam»
I?av«n^ Hopkins. Mendoclao City. Fort Bra«.
Weitport &&l: *t Wllllts for Fort BraJil
Westport. Sherwood. Cah to. Cove lo. Lay toal
vill*. Cummins. Bell's. Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. GarterrUk. Pcppcrwood. Scotia, aatf
' El £ r a!turday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r»-
duced rates. „ • • ¦ ¦
On Sunday*— Round-trip ticket* to all points
' beyond ' San Rafael at half rates).
Ticket Office. 650 Market . street. ChroiUcl«
buildln*.
JAi. U KJtAZIEH. . R. X. RYAH. - '
_ Gen. Manaser. V Geo. . Pass. Ajrt. '".
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YZAB»
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
H^^CALIFORNIA "^"]
i LIMITED TO CHICACO I
If LEAVES MONDAYS tod THURSDAYS U
M at »:;U) a. m., thron^li in C dajs.gl
m with diner and all trapping's. ¦ f I
Other Santa Pe Train* :
9^30 a" ml 'or' Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m.) Merced, Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. " -
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. Chicago.
TICKET OTTlCXn— 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot, S. T. Alio 1113 Broad-
' way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South Plr«t St.,
.Ban Jo»e. ; /
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSSVALLEY,
MULVALLEY,
GAZADERO, Etc.
Via SamaJlto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San ' Francisco, week days, at,
8:30. 7:10. 7:45. '8:30, &:I5. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. in. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45, 3:15,
4:00. 4:35. 5:15. 6:50, 6:25. 7:13, 8:00, 10:20.'
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7.10. 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. H:4O
a. m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:«, 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35.
5:15, 5:50. 6:25. 7:15, 8:15, 9:09, 10:20, 11:35
p. m. «WSBB^s1ii>*e
Arrive at San Francisco, week days 6:17.
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. »:S5, 10:20. 11:05 a. m.,
12:03. 1:25, 2:50. 3:35. 4:20, 6:05. 5:40. 6:15.
6:55. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. ra. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05,
8:80 p. in VS^iffF^WThy^araMtfat»iT*w<atiM.I|S|,
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.,"
3:15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:43. »:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m... 12:20, 1:00, 1:15
P * .;"" '.¦'. THROUGH TRAINS. •
.7:15 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. ¦ .m&tm*f*+m$3tto\mmfr. 'ifryBaJy^wa
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc." , '-.'.'
8:15 p. m.V Sundays only — For Cazadero, etc. 1
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market St.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpa is Railway
Leave m» teisatlU rtrryt ArrtT»
Baa graucltco Ini <f lttktt VL. Baa Franciioe.
."WeeETBiST r 8ao- Week'
D*f». **T«. d&imSK days, IHp.
r^i~raoi (SPffiii i2j45»nRin
10:00a H:O0a l^S^^T 3:3S r 3:35 r
1i4»r12;20r .^MikSSr M0f 8:lSi
• :1»p 1:45r TffimW 6:15 p ifeOei
•.'•fJetoiHirfcr/.-
Ticxrr (<36 WaekktBt. <Vecth Shore Kallroa4i
Omen (and Saosauto rsxiT, Toot Msxket at.
APVEKTISEadOEyrs.
SPECIAL OFFER in SUIT CASES
AND LEATHER GOODS
Dnring Conclave Week.
S4.OO.
For this splendid leather Suit Case,
24-inch size, and lined with linen.
This is only one of the uncqualed
values we are offering .for • this"
week. Come and look over our
line. We've got exactly what you
are looking for.
A. B. Smith Go. v
1 16 Ellis, above Powell.
0\ Fi fH f* ra?* Out tits. Guns, Anununl-
B ' ii Bii B "°n, Fishine and OuUng
-El EtlTI S# Goods. Tents and runs to
IftMlull Kent. CATALOO FREE.
W i i 1 1 1 1 f.HBETVE A BARBER CO.,
• 729 Market Bt.,'
__±_ CC1 Keamy st... B.F.
Weak Men ao tf Wonien|
SSPtfF* VEE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
jr^*«t Mtxican Remedy; sl*«i health and 1
•treasth to eeaiai organj. Depot. 823 MarketTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1904.
12
ciJArsvoTAarrs.
FROM ALL HSCttOSM THEY COM3 TQ
WITNESS THE v« ONDERJTCL. DEMON-
STRATION
OK THE NOTEI> LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, every aaT»f-
tlted promise. .. . ,__
He is acknowledged by all who coasult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; to*
overcoming trouble, bad luck, til health, buat-
•ltsx. love, family and financial worries; wou.a
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to b« relieved of the matters taat ar»
troubling you and of the schemes of your en"»-
ml«a, that you may meet with better succea»i
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONS.
Who is permanently located at . ., ¦ ;
42S Eddy at.: lady attendant. 1 U i >
Everything utrlctly confidential
Three separate reception parlors.
AA — CALX, at once and aave $1.
My famous $5 readings this week for ft.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairroyant aad
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee t»
make no charge if I fall to tell your name. aa«
what you want to know. I tell If husband. ttu»
or sweetheart Is true cr false, whom aad whea
yon will marry; In fact. I will tell every hope.
fear cr ambition better than you can tell y«ir-
self. I will Improve your condition ao you will
reach the rreatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures auccea»
in busrinesn, mining, speculation; I Implant ta»
! controlling power In your nature- so you caa
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you.
love, brias back your loved one. and c* 113 *
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Suaday. 328 OTarrell iU 828.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg.: abe reads your llf» correctly, gives aa
accurate description of tae past, repeals ta«
preseat happenings an portrays events t«
occur la th» future; If you are la troaal*
dlscoatented or not satisfied with lite, ot
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
rult this great medium and you will be tcla
how to overcome them: valuable advice- la
all sffalrs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guax-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. WUle. 830 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell yoa exactty
what you called, for without asklax a ques-
tion; aame* given: special. $1: hours 10 to a.
TEMPLE OF OCCULT SCIENCE.
Sitttngs, life readings, healing; instruction m
all branches; lady attendant; afternoons ana
evenings. 218 Eddy st..^ •
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted daJr. & palia.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domeatJo
troubles, bus. and financial success.; name*;
L.. 50c; O.. $1. 714 Franklin, ar. Q. O. **»-
ISMAR Egyptian sterees. The Vaadoinjj. U04
Market st. San Franetaeok Offlce boors — la
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; feundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day tvenlng. 9 to 8. Phone Sooth 1141.
Mra.A.H.Kroneao«rr. palmlst.clairvoyant. j car«i
reader; when others fall try m«:good reading*
25c. 721 FraakUn.BT.Q.Q.ay. TeLLarkln 4207.
A-MMB. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given; 25o cp. 8 EUls at.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist aad *ar4
reader: ladles only. 421 Hyde st.
MRS DAUMANN, the well-known fartaas-
t»Hor. Is new at 317 Z1IU at.
EMPIiOYMgNjP OryiCilg.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offle»
acpplies best help promptly; city or country.
6. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japaaeee-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Mala 5753.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Senng*s. 4UV, O'FarreU; teL East 42ft,
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, atenosraphera.-
general help. "NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagakl.nsgr. :te!.Bu»a 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stocktoa; Maio 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese helo: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Mam 1897. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPIiOTMEirr WABTEP— FliMAU.
A YOUNO ¦woman wants position as worklas;
housekeeper In hotel: wages $25; wool! go t»
. country: experience; refa. Box 944, Call.
REFINED young lady would like- position as
> companion to lady. 1 808 Ontral ave. - -- -
YOUNG rlrl, 16 years old, wants to car* for
child, housework or tend store. 618 M'.naav st.
WANTED — A situation by a woman to da
general housework in small American fami-
ly Is first-class cook. 107 Minna at., near
Thlrd^
STRONG competent American woman, temper-
ate honest, wants light sweeping aad waaa-
Intt by the day; fine laundress: cheerful
worker; %l 25 and car fare. 189 Fourth St..
first flight, room 24.
WANTED — Situation by a woman to> do gen-
eral housework In small American family:
in first-class cook: no postals answered. 207
Minna st.. near Third.
WOMAN wtohes- work; good cook, wasain*
and ironing; not afraid of work: willing aal
obliging; city or country. 143 Third St.. rm. 2.
LADT wishes position as companion for el-
derly lady or gentleman: Is refined aad play*
the piano. Address A. Cal! offlce. San Jose.
A REFINED young lady wishes position a*
companion or maid, to elderly lady prefer-
able. Box 10S1. Call office. ¦
THREE Finnish young women want posltloa*
In families; geaeral housework; reference*.
32914 Third st.
YOUNG woman, good worker, wants work by
day; $1 SO and car fare. MRS. C. ZS»
Mln'r.a at.
SITUATION wanted — By competent woman as
working housekeeper: Is flrst-claas cook; city
or country. Box 1079. Call offlce.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wiahes a situ-
ation- housework and cooking; wages $23.
108 ElKhth at., near Mission.
WANTED — Situation by woman to do geaeral
housewcrk in small American family. 207
Minna at., near Third.
WOMAN wishes work by the day: good laun-
dress: $1 25 a day; no postals answered. 343
Minna St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day: good cuttar
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 809. Call.
A LADY wishes a position as a seamstress la
private family: thoroughly competent; also
rood cutter. Bex 80S. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER— Lady, capable and competent,
desirta good position; good references; stat*
salary and particulars. Box 822. Call offlcs.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as waitress ia
private family; best of experience. Box 838^
Call office. y-'.u-..
WANTED — A position as housekeeper la a -
small family by an elderly Eastern lady.
M. J. H.. box 811. Call offlce.
SITUATION by reliable woman In small Amer-
ican family; general housework. 207 Miaaa
¦ St., near Third. ' .. ;••,„
EASTERN woman wants situation; good cook,
baker and laundress; sleep home: reference*,
Address Cook, box 996. Call office.
COLORED woman would . like to do washlaa;
and ironing at home. 115 Moulton st.
NEAT young colored woman wants work ¦ la
private family or small boarding house;
country preferred. Box WJ>. Call offlc*. .
HOUSEKEEPER and laundress by mlddln-
aged woman; cKy or country. Address room
15. 512 Fourth st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper with small
family or to care for children: private* family
cr r^omlnsThousc. H.. Bcs 847. Call offlce.
GOOD dre'ssznaker will go out by day during
this month: $2 to $3 day. 530 Stevenson st..
near Seventh.
A YOUNG German girl wiahes Dosttion for
" second work or waiting. Box 11C9. Call of flee.
WANTED — To do cooking and lleht house-
. work; wazea from $23 to $30. 2052C Folsom.
GERMAN woman wants position" as cook, pri-
vate family; sleep home. Box 820. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes pcsltlon as dressmaker.
' 535 Oak st.
A MILLINER wishes a position. 1074 Howard
street."
A WOMAN wishes work by day. Apply 235
Minna st. :'.
GIRL. 15. wants pcsltlon In an offlca. Box
CSS. Call offlce. .
YOUNG lady wants position In a dry goods
store. Address box 830. Call of See.
WOMAN would like to work by the dar 3~5
Minna st.
WANTED— Position as cashier: experience-
restaurant; references. Addre«u»box 856. Call."
A YOUNG girl wishes position a.<» nurse girl"
best of experience. Box - 833. Call of See.
JAPANESE married girt wants position aa
helper; . small family preferred; near Cheat-
¦ nut st. E. SASAKI. 741 Caeatnut st.
DZSIT1STS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2* Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $S per pet; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. ICNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1095 Market St.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 SO up; crowns,?'. 1 up: filllngs,25<:.
GOLD fillings, 75c*; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
paln.open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
*t.' to 580 Geary.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. sunreon-dentlst.r.U.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. OTarrelL
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
¦ tints. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission. cor. 6th.
_^
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 733 Mission
et., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come acd see. Sy F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university. . law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
X The Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
E R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned : bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$M>; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket, gurantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
¦ ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. aur-
vey.arsay. .cyanide: day. ev.: est. 1S64; Van
dcr Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
; CLASSES in short stcry writing and Journal-
ism meet en Men., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.,
:UK ' Phelan bids'. : terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Ool., 602 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
msn' a School ct Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
PIANO lessons by pupil of New Eng. Conserv-
atory- 30 Glen Park ave.; phone Jessie 1546.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
ot Ianguases.101.3 Post; tst.lS71:ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per^
tcnally. MUs M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION—^ -Day and
PAP.TIN'GTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Busine?* Collece. 345 Hilsht:
individual lnstnic. ; : all -•branches: day." eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $U mo. $20; .eve. $4 mo. ; private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 823 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75-pace catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or ' Canorta cne year for $1..
* SPqUCTTTAIiISM.
CRINDLE'S materializing seance Friday eve
8 o'clock. 328 Ellis st.
Dtad-trance; medium: genuine, unique, success-
ful; circle .Tues., Thurs., 8 p. m. 325 Ellis.
MRS. WAYBORN. medium; $1 readings' thU
> week 25c: dr. Mon.. . Fri.. S n.m. 1233 ' Mkt.
MRS.. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
¦- life reader. ! 12C6 Market st..- Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall 11."
85GS 17th ft., San Francisco; teL Capp 830.
3&OPGINO-HOU3ES FOB SAI.S— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance, cor.
3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607. Hotels,
Rooming and Apartment Houses for sale.
(Special No. 85.)
HANDSOME apartment house, S5 large rooms,
• most beautifully furnished; rent only $460;
long leaee; over $10 per day clear profit;
for sale -at a great bargain exclusively by
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 16)
ONE thousand dollars less than Us value will
take a nicely furnished 16-rocm 'house; quiet
and respectable; clearing $76 per month See
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 0)
ONLY $150 cash and $350 In payments buys a
well-furnished 9-room house, on eunny side,
north of Market; Income $";; 50 monthly.
, MARION GRIFFIN.
No. 10)
ONLY $450 for 10 rooms, near Post st.: rent
$15; all sunny; good yard; cheap.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 14)
NEAR Van Npm ave.; only $57 rent: modern
house: good furniture; 14 rooms; splendid lo-
cation. This week everything for $850.
MARION, GRIFFIN.
(Special) Transient.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $100 a month; 10
rooms. Particulars only with
. MARION GRIFFIN.
: (Special No. 17)
HANDSOMELY furnished; highly respectable;
• quiet and homelike; 17 rooms; reasonable
rent; low price; clears $05 to $7."> a month
the year. round. Very desirable house.
MARION GKIFFIN.
(Special No. 30)
PARTLY furnished: ."0 rooms; 10 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished: $130 rent, with
lease; owner must sell; $1250 buys it,
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 27)
TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years'
lease; clears $200 a month. •
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 31) ~
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; clearing $123; all
permanent roomers; reduced from $4000 ¦ to
$2S00. If you want something nicolet us
show ycu this. . MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 6C) .
CHOICE location; C6 rooms: rent lese than $5
a room for the building; le&9e; oak and ma-
hogany lurnlture: body Brussels and velvet
carpets. . A very dependable house and a big
money maker. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 19)
SWELI> corner house, nr. Van Ness; 13 rooms. ;
large.'sunny and heautifully furnished; grand
neighborhood. See this high-cia^s house. ¦/
j . MARION. GRIFFIN. ;
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The. Weekly Call."
• 1(1 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
„....'
CORNS, bunions, ingrowing nails removed;
painless.; Dlt. WOODRUFF. S55 Market st.
CliOTHUTO BEHOTATPrO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; ccourlng and
' dyeing. BonMarche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phono Drumm 44. .Call for and deliver free.
COLI.ECTIOK OrriCES.'
Bad- tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection ¦¦¦ Co. 415
Montgomery. ' rooms ; 0-10; - tel. Main 55S0.
DSES3MAKEES AKD SSAM3TBESSE8
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve., class; 1019 Mkt.
¦ Accordion." sunburst 1 and knife-plaiting." Stew.
.,' art's button & buttonhole factory, X10 Taylor.
A— $1000: BAKERY: best location in the Mis-
eicn; rent $*5: all store trade; baking 1H
barrels per day; 4 years* lease: tS living
rooms. Sea R. G, WILKE, 2GU Kearny tU
A — $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16: a good payinjr busi-
ness See R. G. WIKE. 2ftH Kearny et.
X— $000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooir.e: kitchen, dining-room, 37 beds; good
paving and old established bouse; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'.j Kearny Bt.
A— $2.'.CC: HOTEL with "7 furnished rooms
ec-i-s the baj f ; 5 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
r.es.'" first class, paying; finest location in
good business town. - R. G. WILKE. SCVs
Keamy St.
A— S9C0: CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.: rent
S30; living rooms; lease; a place established
yrars and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
CC^j KeArny et. v
A— $12t*0; DAIRT produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; daily re-
eelrts aboct $35; btisiuesa clear* from $150
to $200 per-mesth. Call R- G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny «.
A— $12C0; CORNER ealooa on FJliom su; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying buaiaesa.
&te R. G. W1LKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— S17W); BAKERY, estab. inany ye«x»; daily
receipts $50; baklas 3>4 barrels day;very best
locafn. ParUcalars R.G.yimUW Kearny
$2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant flx^
tures and clearing at leaat $50 per week;
rect $75, !acludlnf 1 rooms; locnted In tha
choicest butilaess part of tola city. Call B.
G. WILKE. 26*> Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch balrerr and
facey grocery; 4 nice llvins rooms; rent $23;
dally receipts alxwit $20; b«st locaUon north '
of Market at. Call R. G. WILKB. 26j£
Keamy st.
?-41S00; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the 'oeat lo-
eatiens in this city; rare caanoe. Bee R.
a. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— «e500; SALOON, cne of the best on Market
et. ; 4»i-year lease; rent $107; place la ele-
gantly' fitted up and never clearing leas than j
S350 per month. See R. U. "V7ILKE. 2e$a
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEIj In San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows: 5- year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.; rent $60; living rooms; atock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R- G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2iO0; CORNER Baloon with 4 years* lease
In wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. W1XJCE,
26-4 Kearny Bt.
A— $SO0: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night ,or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lucea; on Montgomery at., vicinity of
California; nlaoe must be aacrlflced on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy at.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phcne South 105a
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and PowelL
Headquarters for all kinds of bnalesa chances.
FOR rale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fiae chance for
rummer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generatcm for
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and mederc; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to ro East; make offer. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay. feed, also
barley mill Dlant ; best coast city In Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population: sold aa whole
cr eeuarately; fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive interests
elsewhere only reason for Belling; books open
fcr insxxxrtion. For particulars see CAM-
ERON Sc CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acre* In shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished:
2 bars, danclne pavilion.' shooting gallery;
raary other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; subleta for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cam direct; clears $4000 per year;
price $2200; for further particulars see'CAM-
ERON Sc CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR Bale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean vtock of goods; doing good busl-
r «"«s; fine locatlca; flttlnzs cost more than
price a?ked; blr enap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant In city; down-
town; doing good business; cheap rent; owa-
er has other Interests and can't devote his
time to It; Bnap; $500. CAMERON is. CO..
3 Eddy et.
EXCHANGES made in all kind* of real estate,
roomlng-hou&es and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FINE OPPOKTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or » rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar stand, saloon or buslneas of
any ar.d. do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. . SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
roots* 418-419; telephone Folsom 3468.
$600— RESTAURANT: . north Market. near
Kearny; stands Investigation; rent $00. See
BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150— PARTNER: need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run;
rent $50. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny at.
BREWERY and bcttlinr worsa for sale, very
reasonable, or will take a partner who can
take charge of the busines«; a good and com-
plete wcrka and a good trade, wholesale and
retail. BEAT, ROCK INVESTMENT CO..
1212 Market »t.. rooms 418-419. Tel. Fol-
eom 34CS.
FOR eale — Good Investment; clothing, hat and
furnishing goods store on east side of Kearny
*t.. bet. Bosh Sc Suiter; only reason for cell-
Ing the prop, has another store to which he
wishes to devote his entire time. Call or ad
POPULAR PRICE HATTERS. 330 Kearny.
DRUG store and practice for sale In live~coun-
try town; only drugstore and doing a good
business; very little opposition to the prac-
tice; bargain; investigate thie. Full particu-
lars by addressing box 9C3. Call offlce.
$400') — GENTS' furnishing goods, stationery and
notion store; «stab!lsbed ten years; six years'
lease; transfer corner; splendid location-
business good; full amount lm-csted; rent
$40. Address owner, box 2187. Call offlce.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm
desires cervices of reliable, energetic part-
ner witli $750; largo and Increasing profits;
no competition; permanent: steady income-
expcrlenca unnecessary. Box 46S7, Call offlce.
ADVERTISER has located large tracts of wild
rubber In virgin Jungle; wants partner; prop-
osition will pay 100 per cent first year. Box
FOR sale — News and stationery * tore; well lo-
cated; long established and doing good busi-
ness. For particulars address K. F. FRIEND
42D K et.. Sacramento, Ca).
RESTAURANT for sale Ia a busy town near
Ban Francisco; will eeat 60 people; with
rooms above furnished; rent for whole place
$70. will sell for $1700. Box 0S0. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical buslneas. with a long lease; on ae-
. count of Eickness of owner. Apply to E
BAUER. S. F.. News Co.. 3i2 Geary st?
$1CO— A STEADY man as partner In paying
b-jKiness: easily learned: no night or Sunday
T*ork. Box 071. Call office.
| YOUNG, energetic, reliable^ business man
wishes to invest $1000. with services In pay-
lng business. Box 046, Call office.
1 WANTED— Suitable party to start~bay and
river freighting offlce: no capital required -
free rent. Box 1045, Call offlce. ; '
PARTNER to buy half interest in established
nureery and landscape business; good chance
tor right man. Box. 1110, Call office.
$400— PARTNER Jn honest business; will pay
ycu $100 per mo. with your services; short
hour«; Investigate.' 1130 Market st., offlce 2.
A CHANCE la each Bute to engage In manu-
facturing a patent needed In every family-
no competition.. Address, box 003, Call offlce.
BUTCHER business averaging $150 dally; ele.
cant flxturcs: fine locaUon; trial given; in-
vestigate. 538 Eddy st.
FOR SALE— A cood paying r,eetaprant: come
promptly; must 'be sold; at a bargain. > 1617
. DeviEaCe*Q Bt., near • Sutter. .
WANTED— Good carpenter to go * In business ;
good chance for good man. Call - 276 Hart-
ford at,-*' ¦:•.; : ¦ '.- i
Adirees OMxanaoScatXaai to
TELEPHOXE.
Afi fcr THE CALU The Operator "^J", 0 . 011 *
sect Tou With thf DeparUseit You VTIrt.
PublicxtlTJ Office Market a=d Third, E- T.
Edi:criiJ ilocff* 217 to 221 £wve^»oa it.
r>O^frc<J tr Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts- F.-r Mouth. &r.c!e Ccpies 5 Cts.
Zcrzz* by Wall. Iscl-Jfilng Postage iCaiS W1J>
Orcerj:
DAILY CALL (incJud. fc'jr.dar). 1 T*w— J 5 -™
VA1L.Y CALL (iadud. Suiu'iy). C mo*... 4.00
r>All.Y CALL— By Mcple ilorlh '¦;=
KCXDXT CALU 1 Year
WUJU.T CAIJ.. 1 Year u}.
PcfclAGE. | Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
*T t. POSTMASTERS AKE AUTHORIZED
TO DECEIVE SCBSCEXPTiONS.
fcaicjiie C^jsics will be fcrmrAei -wfcea re-
C-titrd.
ilaa er2*crtl>er» in erderiar change «lj^
£re&s »bouid be partlcalar to give beta SE"
AXL> OLD AXlDIiESS la crder t» tnsura a
prempt ace correct ccb&Umhc* wiUi their rt-
«uetu
nATn.AX-n OFFICE: - mmm i
JC1« Broa4iray Telepiioaa Slain 108S
BERKELEY OFFICE:
Z14S Cexter Etreet Telephone J^orta Ti
W-AEETNGTON CCRSESPONT3ENT:
tUJTCEL "SV. WALL Hotel Barton
ICETT Y03K NEWS STANDS:
Walficrf- Astoria Hote!: A. Brentaaa. SI
CrJoa Square: Murray Hill Hot*l: Flfth-aresaa
UoteJ acd HciTman Hojm.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehers&n House: P. O. Newa Co.; Great
Northern Hot*:: Tremont House; Auiltorftua
Hcte:; Palraer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVEt
C. GEORGE KROGXEPS. Marquetto Bufldlar.
iLcr^ Dittance Telir-ho=e. "Central 261».">
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTv-E:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnllfltr*
NEW YCEK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Eauart
BCEIVESS OFFICE cf the San Frandaoo Call.
corner Market and Third strseta; open until
12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1005 Market ctreet. cpposlta Fifth; opea tmtil
11 p. Jr..
K7 Mcetgcsjery etreet. comer O*y; opea until
8:30 p. m.
fOO Hayes street: epea vsta 9:30 p. ra.
C39 McAllirter rtre*t; cpen nrtil 8:SS> p. m.
CIS Lorkin street: open until 9:30 p. rn.
39il il:t£:3*i street; open until 10 p. rn.
206 Eleventh street; opea until 9 p. a. i
1006 Valencia, street; cpen until 9 p. ra.
Ncrtieast corner Church and Duacan street*;
cpen cstil 9 p. m.
2200 FiUacre etreet; cpen ttatH 9 p. m.
CUuRCH SEEVICES.
JfWlSH New Tear ««rricea wCl be oonflucted
in the Frarldiii HaJl. FUlmore «.. by Rabbi
Isidore Myers and Cantor B. Liedennan of
New York, assisted by a male choir. Service
will commence this evening at 6:15 anl to-
morrow at 7:30 a. in. Seats reset-red «t
Franklin Hall to-day frosi 9 to 12:30, and
all day at 1S36 Sutter rt. Phone Scott 1526.
MISTIgg KOTICES.
LA FATJFAlTn Vnicn Lp3se No. 17, ft
F. and A. M. — Called meeting FRI-'Wf
DAY. Sertercber B. ISM. at 8 n. m. / V\
First <!csr-=e. By order of the "VV. M.
T. ST. XL-LIEN. SecreUry.
EJXCELfiCR Loire No. IC6. F. and e
A. M. — OfSctra and rccrnbera are re-
trrecrfully requested to afs^mtle at the
Mas;nic Teir.ple, FRIDAY. Sept. 0, at
J*:30 a. m.. to Ettend the funeral of our late
brother, 'vTlLLIAM VAN HOCSEN. By
crder cf lie \Y. M.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO JxxJse No. 3.
: O. O. F-— Initiation THIS sSSffSSSSk.
rFRIDAY) EVENING. P"pr.
Meiribers and visiting brothers J *8»KW5 5^
ere cordiaJly invited. H.' L. SITER, N. G.
M. U BRILLIANT. Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lcc!se So. 1. K. of P.,
raeets THIS FRIDAY at 8 o'clock, .,
Pior.eer builfiiES." 24 Fourth st.
Vtaltors cordially invited to attend. >Q©>
F. O. MOLU C. C J£^*s*
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. aad S.
ET"REK-\ Lode" No. !», K. of P. — "3<J?i
KceU THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
fit Red Men'* Hall. 2C0 Golden Gate fgisL
av». Hon. M. U Short. Grand J3*&£
Prelate, will pay aa efflcial visit.
The raijc o* Pa»e arm be conferred. All
Brother Kxigbts are cordially invitefl.
TT. F. CRONIN, C. C
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. R. & S. :
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No 18. /S^^v^i.
K. O. T. M.— Rr^-iew THIS R^i^-^'SsyA
• FRIDAY) EVENING at 3 Wjri <J VSV5
c^clock. Pioneer Ha'.l. 24 \w!g/P\\S3
U. B. RICHARDS. Vi'S^vSJ'
Record Keeper. l 'jtf%i j *^
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Mike Corcoran Pla.cer Mining Com-
r»r.y. in Polar Star mine, near Dutch Flat,
Placer County. Cal.. draining into the LItUe
Bear River, which reaches Feather River.
Fives rotice that a ranting to receive any
protect* will b« held al room 96. Flood buila-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. September 19 1904.
at 1 :30 r. nv. "
; ATTOBarxrrs-A!r-us.w.
B. W. KING. Attorr.ey-at-Law. Exam bldg
«th floor; entrance room Cll; established 15
years; aj casoo, grneral court and offlce
practice; no fee in advance or for conaulta-
tlor.; gvenlrEw by appointment. TeL Red 3U0L
ADV^CE free on all legal matters; divorcea a
specialty; private, quick: no pay in advance;
rrJring compacie« orgar.ized;patects obtained.
G. W. HOWE. U22 Market irt: estab. 22^
ADVICE free: divorce ccste $12: quick, qulef
a!l law business; no charge unless success-
ful; cpen evenlngg. 027 Market, room 20*.
COLLECTIONS. attachments. mechanic's
liene. prcbate. tenants ejected. Attorney £32
Market rt . room £3.
X3ITORCE— Cr,tts. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: ail law buflnesi ; no charge unleao auc-
teeeful; rper. evenlnpa. 927 Market, room 301.
AX>VICE free; <Jivorc* cert, $12; no fees or
co»ta In e«:\-er.ce: all law busineaa; offlce
cpen Saturday evenings. 813 Market st.. r.33.
L. E. CLARK. !'27 Market, r. 304; consultation
Tree: no fees in f.dvacce: cpen evenings.
PATENTS obtained: information' furnished for
r»J» cf patenta. SONNTAG Agency. 214 Plna.
Co J»" a t bl * a Law & CoHection Agency, r. 85. 91«
M.rktt: tel.Jc-hn C2=6: solicits your bus'nea*
AXTTOICOBriES.
RAMSLER cuto fcr wUe. "$10E0; flrst-daaa
cosgltion. Aderea» box 1101, Call office.
AsraoiAjnnBE. ~ )
DI KOLA'S Actluaa Remedy~rel>eTe» lnatant^
lr . : 1 2f.'. r 10 ' 6Cr - 1C<r - > J »'kct. St. Nicholai-
alto W lshart. 10th ac3 Waahlggtoc. Oakland."
SIS3S, BOOS, ETC.
HARTZ Mocrtaln canaries A^African gray parl
rou. just received. A. C. Roblson. S35 Kearny.
J BOOKS
BCIIOOL. Book?, rid and new. bourht~and sold'
DALY fc CURKAX. tw7 Geary at.
COMPREKtED Air ar.d Vacuum Process Ufce-1 {
for clearlCK carpfts on floor without removal; i
carpcta nr.d rags alto cleaned by compressed |
liir at the: ; prices naodcrite. S. F Ccm- i
preened Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market «t-;
phones Main 152 and Bush 478.
WHEN you become «Ii*rusted with your work
?end for KPAULDINGS Plcneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 2SS-3S7 TcLama st. Tel. South 40. j
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rieon «t. ; Al cleanlne. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mlezloa 225. •
J^rrCHELL'S. 240 Fo-arteenth St.— First-class
carpet eleanirse Sc yard. T«I. Mission 74.
CGNKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333. Golden Gale a.ve. Telephone East 123.
IIOPKE EROS.; excellent carpet beatinff; mat-
tref»e« irade over. lt.T2 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Orpet Olcsr.ing Co.. 402 Sutter st.-
tel. Main :n*. UEO. WALCOM & CO.. Preps.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harriacn tt.;tel. Mission 2C3.
A WEEK'S aewa Jor S cent » — The Weekly Call.
19 pa«ca, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year <
BTT8iyES8jCgr^^CTS-^oa^nea^^^
FOR. sale -at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or; to lease for 5 or 10 years; a fine located
heme and established health resort. -7 rooms;
several mineral springs on it; old age the
cause. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S 3PRINQ, BarUett Springs,
Lake County, Cal. ...
MEAT market: one of the best, both for loca-
tion . and trade: everything complete; price
$760; cor. Fifteenth and - Sanchez.
FOR sale— Eureka House; 14 furnished rooms.
S56 Howard, st.
WANTED — Small restaurant or chopbouae;
must be reasonable. Call 856 Howard st. ¦
FOR aale— Fine Bulletin route. Address A.
SCHROEDER. 143 Pacific ave.. Santa Crua.
$1500^ — CA^H or security; established grocery
and liquors; no opposition. 1689 Post' st.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
BAKERY 'for eale; 5 years' lease. Apply 1650
Church at.
RESTAURANT for sale In Richmond district.
Address box 1030, Call offlce.
CHOP house for' sale; good location. Box
1083. Call offlce.
FOR SALE: — Partnership interest In a 8/ F.
law firm. Address box 855, Call -office.
CANDY and pastry store; 3 finely furnished
rooms: big stock; bargain. 625 Taylor st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha* been
. opened : at IOCS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Or»»n until 11 p. m.
IiOPOCTCr^HOTrSES POB 5AIS.
H. C. DECKER .Phone Jones 531
006 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His succeza In selllnz houses over 2S years
In San Francisco Is a miarantee of his fair
dealing. He guarantees title and tells the
bargains to his customers. See him.
II rooms; Mason;, new furniture $ ,",C0
CO rooms; Market St.; only ' «j,oo
8 rooms; McAllister st; flat.... "'"450
31 rooms; to trade for ¦mall house..*... 2500
2.1 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $100.. 1500
15 rooms;. Ellis St.; new furniture ; 000
45 rooms boarding-house; fine corner 2500
36 rooms; downtown; reduced to .' noo
9 rooms fine piano: on Sutter st.....," 4CO
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised
. 6 to 4CO rooms; prices" $50 to $40,000. '
H. C. DECKER, OOP Market at., cor. Stcckton.
CO ROOMS; rcnt$OO; clears $90..... .... $000
27 roorr.3-, housekeeping; rent $45..... .1200
! ';6<> rooms; .rent $300 ............... 6000
8 rooms;' nicely furnished: with piano 573
. 30 rooms; attractively furnished .. . 3000
. 38 rooms; rent $65 ; _ sqq
¦ 30 rooms; rent $105 ..;..".. ..;... • jgoo
25 rooms; rent $60..... ;. .. I4t>n
' MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1008% Market stl
THE SATVYER-BLETHEN CO., " •;
Business Exchange, 1113 Market st ;
Saloons $350 to' $7S00
Rooming-houses .$275 te $1250
Restaurants .'$950 to $2500 !
Groceries..' .....$325 to 53500
Cigar ttands. ..;...•. .$125 and uu
Bakeries v.$173 to $500
........ .'.-. . .MITCHELL & CO. . .... . .-.«,- .
1206 Market st... :... .Phone Jessie 29S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, ' hotels and
flats sold suit purchasers: titles guaranteed
.MITCHELL ; & , CO. '
TO 1 let — 4 -new -modern houses ;\unfur.; ; rent
. ¦ $5 per ¦ r. ; central ; - also ; fur. . houses and flats
¦ for sale;: genuine bargains; nothing? mis-
represented at our office. SAN- FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk. st. Phone Mint, 741.
A^CAMEROjT&^CO^ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room. Ions
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get tirst-ulass house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming - con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
.28 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, dose in, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
« . .
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $3u0 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month:
must leave city; make an otfer.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $U0O per month; must sell on
account of ether business; only with us.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; line opportunity r to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; eickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood lease. • '¦•¦•¦ .
C-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40-room house; fine central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East.
00-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 0 years' leaRe; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and cood running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full: best
buy in city; account sickness; price §1300.
. J80 rooms; grand, new , modern 'apartment-
bouse; elegantly furnishtd and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month:
close in; full of nice people; bargain It taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
20 rooms; newly furnished , throughout: 5-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
interest. .
9-room flat; rent only. $50; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by September
5; price $4*0.
70 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 yearsViease; close-in:
clears $100 per month : : $1000 down, •¦ balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
23- rooms;, central; 4-year- lease: clears $103 :
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
fcr: full particulars; only with us. -\
1C rooms; 'rent $G5;; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within ifcit ten
days; leavinc city; make offer.
' 34 rooms ; . cheap rent; thoroughly renovated ;
all in lire shape; line little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to .JUSOO. )
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange- or trade always on hand.
. CAMERON,' & CO.. ,3' Eddy. St.
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, . well fur-
nished, at 143 Sixth st. -Call lto g p. m. 7;
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — The Weekly Cail.
18 pages; in wrapper,' for mailing. $1 per yeai.
* "Perfumes Made Where the Flowers Grow."
Free to Want* Advertisers in Next* Sunday's Call
A BOTTLE OF PAUL RIEGER'S
tWe have the following odors: £§&
Violet* Mainz/intta Ulr
m Palo Alto Pink ¦ Heliotrope \\
Lavender - Pasadena Rose
Lilac California Clover p|p^
Pean d'Espagne
/I® nli' ne °* *k® greatest enterprises in California is that* y^P^w^l^
yjlpf lf^||lj^ of P ai *l Rieger, the Perfumer, whoso goods are sold in y^S^i^^^.
/^Sla^l almost* every town in the United States. 15,000 drug- f^^Brj^ 1^™,
gists sell them, but they are free to yon if you bring us
§§§ H {kfsofiaiAl III L>/ldwIL> U^^ IA^S
H K^v^ 3 ill Th3 bottl8 We give FREE retaiis for 40 cente. 2 fe^l^p 0 !^^
ill IT^: ill k a dd.ti° n » a special coupon will accompany each bottle, If §7 %w
ill |l vioiiht !¦ 1 1|! which, under conditions named in it, will entitle you, fS J£ PAL °^ LT0 Jlllp
If Mr 2?^S2" 'Mml upon 111 * 11^ it* to Paul Rieger &. Co., to a 25c bottle |f §l T2222T Mw*
Wi ®kl "^^Sli Ot the5r newest P erf «me, "SWEET MARGERY." " M )
SI WWfrtftty Want Ads received Thursday, Friday - 1 *
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1904.
13
JHriiP WANTED— -MAtE— Coniikme*^
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
635 Washington st. . Phone James 3301.
NEVADA— NEVADA.
Teamsters and laborers $75; 15 laborers,
company work, 8 hours, $2 day, board them-
¦ sstvea or board anywhere, steady work, no
blankets- 15 laborers for quarry, $2 day and
; up board anywhere; 0 laborers, quarry work,
' $60, company work, board $4 60, fare 15c :
10 laborers, quarry. $2 25 day, near city: 10
laborers, railroad work, Shasta County, $60;
5 laborers, sawmill work, SCO, north.
. CARPENTERS.
2 union carpenters. 10c fare, $4; 3 carpen-
ters, 8 hours, $3 50 day, long job; man and
wife, ranch, $53 and found. Butte County;
teamsters, $2 25 day; laborers. $2 25. all new
. work, see us; 60 Italians. 92 day, board
.. themselves; 25 Austrians, $60. cheap board.
Other Jobs. Call early to-day.
L. H. CUTTINQ A CO.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 A II 50
pair; foot-form shoes. 9x50; we pay express
charges. 11 8d st, Exm. bld.:open till 9 p. m.
WANTED — A strong boy. Apply at bunkers
of the Bay Development Co.. 153 Berry st
GRADUATE optician; one familiar with photo
supplies preferred. Sunset Bazaar, 42 Third.
GOOD paying 10c barber shop for sale] give
you trial. 226^4 Fifth it.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 669 Howard st
2-CHAIR barber-shop; good location, on Six-
teenth st; 4 living rooms. 8189 Sixteenth st
$160— BARBER-SHOP for sale; 8 chairs; rent
$12; 3 living rooms. 428 Sixth st
: TWO young men to learn the barber trad*.
For particulars Inquire 7P1 Mission st
MEN wanted at 137 8d st, where shoe* are re-
paired by machinery ;»ewed soles 10 mtn., 76c.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. 741 A Howard.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 828 Montgy..r. 418.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships, HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullls, r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. - Thomas Post O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for The Call for the reoep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 P. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly deaaaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 60c. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
SAIESKEW WANTED.
SALESMAN wanted; must be hustler j good pay
to man who can sell goods. Box 1097, CalL
gOSXCITOBa WANTED.
SOLICITORS; good opportunity for bright men.
Great American Imp. Tea Co.. 62-58 Market
EXPERIENCED canvassers, $6 to $9 ¦ day. 1114
Washington st.', Oakland, r. 8, 10 to 12 a. m.
' KOK8ES AND WAOON8.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County.' Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
NEW 8-cprlng business wagon for sals cheap.
1680 Mission st. near Thirteenth. '
ONE light spring business wagon, nearly new.
853 Howard at. ¦
FOR sale — Cheap; 10 fine surreys, ¦with or with-
out rubber tires. 1503 Folsom st . .
FOR SALE: — Top buggy, piano box, $50. Box
1100, Call offlce.
DRIVING horse for sals. 7 years old. Box
1020. Call offlce. ;
NEW and second-hand buggies wagons, ewt'
reya. W. WERTSCH. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Saddle horse, black.. Spanish broke,
gentle, .fine looker, at 539 Jessie at Y-
AUCTION ' sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. . 827. Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. ISth-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRJNTEl^iToTh^wies^to* let^sendf or cl£
cular. G.H.UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let— House of ¦ 10 rooms on California st ;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co. -
BUSH. 1225— Upper part of house; 5 rooms,
bath; rent 926. Apply 1223 Bush it
HOUSES TO MT- FTTItNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage: 2130 Lyon
et. near Jackson; modern 6 rooms, bath and
large basement; to lease to desirable tenant
Apply MADISON A BURKE.
JJTVAXrD CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, | exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt: tel. Park 775.
LOST AND POUND.
ON Van Ness ave., bet Post and California or
California st., or on Cal. st. car, a black
purse containing gold coin, currency, dia-
mond studs and keys. Return to offlce at
25 Battery st and, receive reward.
LOST — In Occidental Hotel: money belt con-
i talnlng forty coverelgns, the property of Cap-
tain W. R. Strong; any one returning same
to Occidental Hotel offlce will receive $50;
no questions asked.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Sav-
lngs and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of CLARA SINCLAIR, No. 215,-
079: the finder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD— Black lace scarf. Wednesday
night, between Jones Bt. and ferry, on Mar-
ket. Reward »t 491 Twenty-sixth st, Oak-
land. L. M. WILLIS. t
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did It bHIBKLbt
THE FLORIST, 311 Sutter st. pbons Grant
107; 1204 Sutter st. phone East 817.
LOST— A gold brooch containing three black
and three white pearls. J. W. DAVY. 240 N.
Third St., San Jose. Cal.
LOST — Brlndle bull terrier (female) ; answers
to name of Btrd: suitable reward at Sperry
Flour Co.'s etables, 645 Sixth st, nr. Bryant
LOST — Sept. S, on Key route ¦ train,' leather
wallet marked "W. A. Potts." Return to
K. T., 20S Post st; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier pup (male): suitable
reward at Sperry Flour Co.'s stables, 545
Sixth«Mt, near Bryant.
LOST — September . 8, at S. I*, freight sheds.
Fourth and King sts.. a teamster's purse,
with money; reward. 122^4 Fourteenth st.
LOST — A- diamond ring; between Ellis and
Powell and Eddy st. cars. Liberal reward If
returned to 101 Bills st.. basement.
LOST— Watch and gold fob with thirty-second
degree' Masonic > chirm. Reward, DR.
GEORGE H. BOSKOWITZ. 1220 Sutter st.
LOST — rn Union square: lady's purse, contain-
ing keys and money; $5 reward. 130 Ellis st.
LOST— A route book. "Return to 1300 Stockton
¦;• St.; reward.
LOST — By poor woman, $50 In small purse.
I Liberal reward If returned to 1001 Dolores.
LOST — Sept. 4, diamond locket. Initials L. G.;
return to 1213 Noe st, receive reward.
LOST— A white yawl. Sept. 5, off Mare Island.
Finder notify J.P. Peterson, 3 Steuart st.S.F.
LOST — Young blue . Dane dog; collar license
on; reward. .- 3371 Twenty-flrst. st'
FOUND-iA Gordon ' setter. Inquire at 423
.Washington st; room 4.
FOUND— Purse. Apply at 712 Halght st. %
LAUNCHES 70S KXBS.
C. A- McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. v foot of cfay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. * Mlchaells Launch Co., Union-st Wharf ; boat-
. lnp &• excursions.. 5, Steuart- st. ;tel. John 26S6. «
MATSIMONIAIi. '
A YOUNG German of some means wishes to
¦•• correspond with young lady or maiden; object
matrimony. Box 1144. Call offlce. -. . ....
BIATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
TQ order; renovated,", disinfected (formaldehyde
~" process) : ; excellent . carpet ; cleaning; '¦* HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard tt.: phcae South 216.
. MINES AND MTNINO.
EQUIPPED mines and good ' prospects ; reports
. guaranteed ; ; claims , In . Tonopah ¦ . district.
Nevada; <¦ buyers Investigate. 43. C. > TRAY-
NKR, 4 ¦: Butter ; st *
ZSOPLO YIIE3TT WANTED--rcni>le— C*"-'
aiiUAULS ~crran wirh's situation fcr gen-
eral houiewcrk; city cr rhor-. distance in
country; rctaVSCH U require!: no p^sta^.
unl«« carfare nalJ. Box V£), Call uince.
WOMAN wants work by day. S17 Clara st
WANTED— By a competent woman, position
as chambermaid. 5C0 Third «t
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
OGOKKEEPi:Zi— Young man. thorough ac-
countant, experienced In Ucndling credits
and correfpcnde.'icfc, understands latest meth-
ods dertres situaticn where some executive
ability Is eesentlal; excellent references; eal-
ary moderate. Box 1107. Call office.
il \LS: nurse, expert masseur, will act as valet
to rentlemen going to the South Sea Islands
cr the Orient; am strictly temperate and can
rurnlfh best references; small remuneration.
Addre.«6 bcx 9oG. Call c™f*-
POULTRYMAN wants fos=itlofl: young man
front tSe I'ait; tsro yeers on the coast; ex-
jierier.reii i:i lue.tilnB thorouchbred fuwlx;
andemands artlfic-a; irscubating and brood-
ing. Box 10t>9. Call office.
IwRST-CLAES coachman and chauffeur for
private family; not afraid of work; very beet
r:ty and personal references. Box 797, Call.
ACCOUNTANT, six years In charge; especially
recommended for accuracy and honesty: $60
a month to rtart with. Box 075. Call office.
GErtMAN. 28 years, until now In Hamburg ex-
port firm, wiebes position; salary moderate.
Box 837. Call. J
WANTED — Situation by experienced collector;
beEt references given aad bend if necessary.
Address box 1015. Call office, Oakland.
wor.K wasted, at home; translations. Eng-
.¦•;.. Italian. French. Spanish; correspon-
dence, etc. Box 1028, Call offlce,
wanted — Position as flrug clerk. 220 Fourth
¦tract.
STEADY, reliable young man, 29, experienced
bookkeeper, desires place as bookkeeper or
assistant, with chance of advancement; first-
class references: wages low to begie. Box
DBS. Call offlce.
FirsT-CLASS coachman and chauffeur for
p-.ivate family; not afraid of work; «cb«r;
wry best city and personal references. Box
727. C*ll effice.
A HANDY man wishes position en private
place; thoroughly understands csxe of horses,
lawn, garden: good driver; very best refer-
ences. Box 931. Call offioe.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position In hotel
or private house; can do all repairs and al-
terations en electric lights, call bells and
telephones: Is willing to work as handy man.
Address EDWARD. R. S.. 118 Eddy st
GARDENER — German, sober, reliable, wants
»ituation: understands care of horses; can
milk; private clace. city or country: refer-
ence*. Box 030, Call office.
ELDERLY, strong, able and handy man, work
In private family cr boarding-house; perma-
nent home; email wages. Addrees box 1077,
Call.
MIDDL.E-AG2LD man wishes position; can do
a!l tverk on electric lights, call bells and tel-
ephones; i* willing to work as handy man.
Address EDWARD BARLEW, 118 Eddy st.
GERMAN (28 yean). S months here, wants
steady position; speaks little English; any
work where he can learn the language qulcic;
city or country. Box 642. Call office.
FIKST-CLASS driver wishes position in pri-
vaie clace; understands gardening thorough-
ly: all around rcan: scber and reliable; good
refrr*nc«. Box 1194, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as salesman or msnager.
city or country, by young married man: ex-
prifne^d In grocery and provision lines;
with Al references. Box 853, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER: expert bookkeeper. 18 years'
»\; ¦*•;'::•.—. desires engagement; collections
and correspondence a specialty; salary niod-
erate. Box 791. Call efflce.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed non-union plumber
van's «crk from property owner; has aU
necessary shop tocle; city or country. Box
79». Call offlce.
ErTT'ATlON wanted by a Scandinavian to
m-erk in a warehouse or hay barn or lumber
yard; frood worker. Box 1150. Call.
Uj:LL-K.VOWN *K|>erl*nced salesman wishes
a poriticn in »hclesale or retail business.
Bcx 3<X>3. <~a!l.
PLT.'MBER wants Job In country: state wares
and hours: no lead work. Address E L ,
hex 10S2. Call office.
POSITION by an experienced traveling sales-
man. familiar with Pacific Coatt and Orient
Box 1083, Call office.
ATTORNEY. 33, with business experience,
V-ants a situation of any kind. Box 1085,
'"all office.
"GERMAN. rrid<ile-8p»d and single, wishes sit-
uation e? rlf-rk in gioeery and barroom: flrst-
y Ctos» references), xv. BOhlixg, 417 Kearny.
FinPT-CLAPS coachman, chauffeur ;pri. family;
city cr oountry: Ft»-ady position preferred :best
city and r»rsonal references. Box 797. Call.
YOUNG Frenchman. 23 years cf age, wants
to work among plarterers as h»lp*r or learn
the trade. Addregg L. A. R., B1!>V4 Hush st
WANTED — A position as collector by a young
n:an of experience; references and bond fur-
n'ishe<i if desired. Box 100L Call.
JOB carpenter; ctrict attention paid flre jobs;
prompt and reasonable. Address Carpenter.
435 Seventh rt.. city.
FTRONG. witting youns man wants to go as
's helper. Box f>21. Call office.
PLUM BER wants steady work. 204 Ellis st
roam 24.
GE.RMAX warts position as porter or lunch
rran. Box 1004. Call.
YOUNG man wou!3 like dtuation as appren-
tice m machine shop in city. Box 804. Call.
BARBER wants position in downtown shop.
J. P.. 12S Twenty-eighth et
**^»_^\-enlcc job. Box S03. Call.
WATCHMAN wishes position. 1074 Howard
f treet.
CAKE baker wants position in cuuntry. Ap-
l ly C2S Clay et. -. -.-7-
WAXTED-A position as stableman! Address
1%24 Oak tt.
JOB wanted as delivery wagon boy. Box 868.
Call offlce.
POSITION' wanted »i porter In liquor store!
Box 9W, Call.
SITUATION l Bj wholesale house as Janitor.
FALKSMAN acquainted vrlth ealoon trade de-
sires a position. O. S.. 4f.r, Minna et.
WANTED — nace as cafh boy. S30 Natoma st.
CaI'.I/ENER wants position for two days per
*Mk. Address 1524 Golden Gate ave.
IOEITION as nirrst watchman. Box 828. Call
"ffic*.
SITUATION wanted by bookkeeper. Addrees
b^x J0!l. Call offlce.
"NT, man wants a Job In a wholesal*
hous*. Box 100S, Call offlce.
:'/>Y wish-* work In wholesale house. JOS. A.
rniEDMAN. «20 Washington «t.
.* CnZVCSB experienced flrst-class cook, Enic-
• lish. Frcr.<h. withe* position; city hotel, ref-
tr-jrant, Ixjarding-bou^e: meat and pastry
•^xjkery; cW»a^. neat; rood references: eatls-
•anior:. CHARLEY WILLMON. 1113 Clay.
A 3^T > AXr.FK 11 rears with present employer,
•wis-hes position In private family as waiter
<-.r boueework: exceptional references; $7 up .
*f+k. If. s. O.. 035 Sacramento et., city.
A RELIABLE Japanese whoolbey wants a po-
fitlrm In gcwS. small family; has good rec-
ommendation aad will *tay for long time
TOM I. care 1£S Pln« St.. SI. E. Church. !
<jOOD. honest Japan»«e b?y wants work In 1
•Ier.tp.1 laboratory, city cr Oakland; have two
Mais* experience. K. OTSUBO. 375 Fifth I
<*.. Oakland.
JAPANESE ccuple want situation; prt. family;
man an firyt-tiars fancy cook, wire waitress
en ;able; 15 years' experience; cool rfeom-
_m'n<Utionsj *«o up. Ehlralshl. CIS Jessie st.
JAPANKSE good bey wishes a position cook-
£*. ?7 up a week. II. MORI. 110 Golden
Gate ave.
?Vt*J^C*B uoo4 boy wants a position at any
klr.1 of tvork half days; can ccck; eleep
home, 1Q26 Larkln et
A JAPANESE good boy wantn a situation a* a
''¦hooibcy or house cleaning in a small family.
in*-; - v^531 Sixteenth tt.. Oaklsr.d.
J*PANESn warts work before" 9 o'clock In
_^ !^_niornintr 1^AOdrM» Sl» Bush «.
JAPANBKE boy wants a position to wait at
table; dinner only. G. S.. 1ZS Pine tt.
CH1NKSE nm-cla»* cook wishes position In
irtvjte family, mo gtockton «t
HELP WANTED— MALE— Continued.
' $^0 and found.
£ BAKERS.
Baker's helper, fare $1 50, $50 found.
3 ranch cooks. $30. $35, $20 and found.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman, city.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
SOUTHERN OIL FIELDS— $1 FEE.
25 laborers, you'll suit, $67 50.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st
FREE STREET FARE— $1 FEE.
15 laborers, . corporation work, city. $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREeTfARE— $1 FEEL '
12 laborers, special work, you'll do, $60.' .
t MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
~~TO BUTTE— $1 FEE" ~
65 laborers, ONLY $1 FEE. $67 50.
65 teamsters, ONLY-$1 FEE, 167 50.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay Bt
~Y0UR RAILROAD FARE* PAID.
25 laborers, factory, $1 fee $60.
.MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
FREE RAILROAD PASS— FEE $1.
125 laborers, different job3, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St.
MANAGER HERE— GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
25 single and double hand miners, $75 $82 60.
MURRAY A READY, 634-630 Clay st
Band sawyer, city mill. $2 80 day.
Carpenter's helper, city, $2 day.
Shingle saw filer, S. M. Co., fare $2 2», $2 80
, day.
Foreman box factory, Washington, $100.
BOYS— BOYS.
12 boys, city factory, fee $1, $6 to $7 80
week.
6 young men, city factories,' $9 week.
2 men, city factory, $1 75 day.
LOOK.
Cashier, city restaurant, $40 and found.
Panwasher, city bakery, $30 and found.
Boy help In city bakery, hotel, $20 and fd.
8 dishwashers, city cafe, $35 and found.
Cook, ranch, fare 25a, 15 men, $38 and f d,
LOOK.
2 WAITERS, HOTEL, FARE- $L $30 and fd,
Walter, institution, city, $25 and found.
2 WAITERS. HOTEL, SOUTH, $30 aad fd.
8 camp waiters; COMB TAKE) THBMj $25
and found.
OYSTER MAN. 10c fare. $48 and found.
Young man drive milk wagon, you'll do, $28
and found.
Choreman, garden, etc., boss hers; PRI-
VATE.
Middle-aged man, drive delivery wagon, $20
and found.
2 experienced lumber men, city, $60.
20 laborers; fare 25c $60. '
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
PORTER for restaurant, $30; waiter and wife,
$55; kitchen boy, private family, $25 and
found; cook and wife, private family, $55
and found; second cook, resort, $35, fare ad-
vanced ; boarding-house cook. $45 and found ;
restaurant porter, $30; 2 hotel porters, $20
and $30 and found; bedmaker, $20 and
found; oyster man. $48; waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628
¦ Sacramento st
DAIRY foreman. $60 and found; coachman,
$38 and found; man about place, $30 and
found; man about place and wife. $50 and
found; farmer . and wife, $50 and found;
farmers, $1 50 day and $30 month and found:
chore man. $25 and found; wood turner, $20
a. w«ek: sash and door maker, $21 a week;
blacksmith helper, $35 and found; carpenter,
$3 day; circular sawyer. $75 and board: tal-
lyman, $40 and board; lumber pliers, $35 and
board and $2 60 day; laborers, $1 75; miners,
$3 day: laborers for mine, $2 50 day; milker.
$35 and board- and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents 95 Third tt
2 carpenters, near city, $3 25; 9 hours.
Laborers, city, $2, . eight hours. ¦
" Grading foreman, $3; north.
Walter, city. $30 and found.
Laborers, all over the State.
Packer, millinery, city. $40.
Stableman, city, $50 to $60.
Cook, city. $30 and found; small restaurant.
Grape pickers, Sonoma Co., big wages.
Tinner, country, steady work.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial St., near Kearny.'
PHONE BUSH 833 642 Commercial st
Machinist, 50o fare. $60 and found; 2 mill-
wrights boss here; carpenter, mine, $00 fd. ;
COOKS — Cook. 8 men, dredger, $35 fd.; cook,
few men, dredger yard. $35 fd. ; cook, mine;
cook, camp, $50 fd.T butcher, ranch, $35 fd.;
5 swampers, north, by rail, $35 fd.
iNEW WORK— Special cheap fare— 12 la-
borers. $2 25 to $2 60 day — It's GOOD.
TO-DAY — Threo machine miners, $3 per day.
6 laborers. $1.70 to $2 50 per day.
Actve youth of 18 for large corporation In
city, $9 oer week; call early Eat morning.
Wanted — Engineers, compressor men, pump
men, shift boss and machine miners to
register at
INDEPENDENT OFFICE^ «
612 Merchant st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cook, $70, year round; dishwasher,
$35. , ¦ . ;
Contractors and emplayera of labor throughout
the State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. 612 Merchant st. 3. F.
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply Saturday and
Monday between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' I-
W ANTED — Young man who Is a first-class ex-
perienced floor manager. Apply Saturday
and Monday between 9 and lla. m. at HALE
BROS.'
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 928 Golden
Gate ave., room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or evenings.
BOY for delicatessen department Apply Sat-
urday morning, 8:30 sharp, superintendent's
offlce. The Emporium.-
WANTED — First-class clothing man, that can
take full charge of city store; wages $100.
Address box 1039, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS union barber. 408^ Sixth st,
either steady or extra.
BARBER for one week: must be first class;
good pay. Call 301 Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
10c shop. 803 Kearny st.
BARBER wanted to go to Rio Vista for three
or four weeks. .Apply 602 Turk'st
WANTED — Good barber. Pleasanton barber
shop. 801 Jones st '....¦-¦•
GOOD barber wanted at 606 Clay st.
ELEVATOR boy. HOLM A NATHAN apply
512 Market st.- '
WANTED — Experienced pan washer for bakery.
Call after 8 a. m. at 111 Larkln st.
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Man to-do errands. 1308 Polk
street. •
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FOR sale at," once: half Interest In two-chair
barber-shop. Call at once, 147B Third st.
TWO-CHAlIt barber-shop for Bale cheap. 3917
Eighteenth St., near Sanchez.
TWO barbers for Eaturday and Sunday 131
Third. and 2 porters at 202 Fourth st.
.' \ ' _
BARBER shop, 4 chairs. 2 steady. 227 Hayes!
CLOTHING salesman; men's clothing deD't
8. N. WOOD & CO.
BOYS' and children's clothing salesman. S. N
WOOD & CO.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 'eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction; 'positions secured; special lnduce-
: ments this month; catalogue mss'led free.
Moler System, College. «tt3. Clay ;.st.
TWO -CHAIR barber . shop, baths ' and
laundry offlce. for sale In Selma, Fresno
• County; trial permitted. W. H., box 1866,
. Selma,' Cal. ' •
ALL unemployed clerks,' bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to reclsterwith us free of charge. HORD
& SMITH; 05 Third st, 8. F. "
WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros." Co. School ot Practical
Plumbing; cend for catalogue. Address 4973-8
Easton ave.. St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Men and.-. women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars, ¦ Pacific Correspond-'
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st
WANTED — Laborers ¦ and mechanics to know
: that Ed Rolkln, < Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House, •
217 Third at.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per. night.
EXPERIENCED salesman f6r boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendent's . offlce The
Emporium. ,' . ,. , ...
MEN and . women, learn the . barber trade;
wages paid while learning. HAIGIIT'S. 647
Commercial «f.'. ' . . ';',• _-.",. . . •¦¦.-.
BOYS ; of various . ages ~ for stock, cash and
•.; wrappers. -Apply Superintendent's offlce. The
-Emporium. : .- :-.,"'¦
WANTED — Coatmaker for the country. REISS
':• BROS. i &. } CO.. . 24 Sutter st v
BOY drive wagon' and 'do porter work In oyster
.: | house.. 4(39 ; Seventh ¦;¦ st. Oakland. '
-Perfumes made J p. W A N T A H V F R T 1 F R S — FDFF
where the flowers grow . | \^J \\ J-\l M I jn\L_J V L, 1 \ 11 <J L/ 1 \ <J & SSLfi-aiiLj
I : ; } j'\ S TEATS TO EET^
A— HOUSES sr.3 flats to let; an Immense list:
cervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-259
Ue&ry st, on the square.
.'"','•¦• i " •
LAKE. 742 — New French flat; 6 rooms; rent
$25; 1 month's rent free; water free; marine
view; oark in rear.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Folsom— Just com-
pleted; elegant corner flats of C rooms; $22 50
and $23. •; ; . ; :-rv:'ii-'
LYON, 11% — Fine large modern upper flat of 7
rooms and bath; rent $40. Near Golden
Can Park. ¦
NEW Colonial fiats, 6 rooms and reception
hall: artistically decorated; $22 80. B st.
Third ave.. near Park. . '-.-.:¦..- '- •"-¦.'."'.Vy /,;.?--;
TO let— $7; 2 large rooms and yard. 726%
Harrison at.
LARGEST Hit of houtes and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
FREDERICK. 461A— That new, elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. flat;2 toilets; mod.plumbing;$27 50.
PACIFIC ave., 2408. near Fillmore — Flat of
0 rooms; gun In every room; large garden.
BACRAMENTO. 1030, above Powell — A nice
modern flat 8 rooms and bath. -
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3383, nr. Noe — Fine sunny
upper flat. 6 r. and b. ; cars pass door; $20.
fXATg TO LET— roaglSHED.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of five
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. a. 79 South
Park.
NOB Hill— New flat to let; present tenant will
sell furniture at bargain; no dealers. 1254
California st ¦_
rxATg gpa. BAi,Ji—vvmmsTaxD.
ELEGANTLY furnished 6-roora modern flat;
shown from 11 to 1 dally. 824 Geary st.
FOR «ale — Very reasonable; furnished flat of 5
rooms. 512 Jessie st. near Sixth.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished 7-
room fiat. Apply mornings.'
rUBMITUBE POB SAXE.
FURNITURE, stoves, "bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencla,nr.l6th.Tel.Church 3879.
H MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur.
nHure, carpets, etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
A FOLDING bed. $8; top mattresses. $2 50.
ANDERSON'S. 19 Turk st. Just off Market
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 80
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
rtrBNmjKE wahtsp.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 11S8 Market st Tel. Jessie 76L
Don't sell your furniture, carpets,- offlce fur-
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
3~~COOKS, small hotel, country $30
2 cooks, no washing $35-$4O
Maid to elderly lady $25
3 German style cooks, little washing. ..*o0
6 second girla, city $2O-$25
Chamber work and help with Invalid *3o
2 kitchen helpers, country '. $25
4 nurse girls $20-f25-$30
3 waitress-ps, country hotels $25
Housekeeper, 1 man $20
Nurse to boy 6 years old $25
* 4 women to cook on ranches $20-$25
2 ironers for country laundry $12 week
Man and wife, ranch $50
65 house girls, city and country.. $20-$25-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Stenographer, $50.
Bookkeeper. $50.
Cook, housekeeper, waitress.
Lidies, children's hats and bonnets.
809 Hearst Building. _^
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third at. , ; near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
Cook, must understand German cooking, for
family of 2, $30 and found; housekeeper. $2U
a month.
A WOMAN to do chamberwork and cleaning
In a school. $30 a month. Call early at MISS
PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
AT MRS. LAMBERTS. 418 Powell st.— Neat
help of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade tausbt from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $6 to those entering cow;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 p»r week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacnes hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; give 6
hours' practice a day: add parlor practice to
schooling; secure positions: day and evening
classes; absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 Powell st
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies. etc.. guaranteed at S10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton et.,r. 13.
REFINED YOUNG woman, under 30, at once to
assist with charitable work In city; live at
home: must go to country place with children
few days each week; plain sewing; fond of
children; good ealary; excellent references
required; give phone. Addrees box 962, Call.
A LEADING wholesale house wants compe-
tent girl as stenographer and office assist-
ant: wages according to ability; references
required. Box 1105. Call offlce.
WANTED — First-class cloak and eult sales-
woman. Apply Saturday and Monday be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young girl to learn ostrich feather
curling; also willing to run a few errands.
Call at SOS Howard Bt.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework;
must know how to cook well; wa«res $30.
'"all at 2672 Vallejo St., near Devisadero.
APPRENTICES wanted: wholenal* millinery.
Apply HOLM & NATHAN. 812 Market st
WANTED— First-class waitress at 304 Mason
et.; wages $10 a week.
A GENERAL housework girl. • family of five;
«lx months' reference required. 1449 Clay st.
WANTED — An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at $03 Howard Ft, near 4th.
ABLE women given opportunities to build busi-
ness of their titvn. Box 934, Call office.
GERMAN woman to assist la general house-
work: good wages. 1015 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG lady to do offlce work In exchange
for lesions in shorthand. Box 1044. Call.
FINISHER on cloaks and suits; steady work;
good wages. L. MINK A CO.. 109 New
Montgc.rr.ery st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for laces. Apply
Superintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — German girl; general housework.
Apply 414 Van Ness ave.. bet 9 and 12 a. m.
KELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C R. HANSEN A CO.. Employment Offlce.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
100 teamsters and laborers, Nevada, $2 50 day
100 teamsters. Southern California. ... $2 day
50 laborers, rock quarry $1 75 day
Extra cook*, waiters $1 50-$5 day
An assistant for offlce (young man) $10 week
and board.
Slaughter house butcher, mining boarding-
house. $50 found.
C. R. HANSEN A CO. .. .Employment Offlce.
i'3t Uush st 642 Clay st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
34 3d st, nr. Call bids. Phcne Bush 405.
Government work, Nevada; fee $1; 25 muck-
ers, $75 month.
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 DO day.
Checker, wholesale department, $15 week.
Tinner all round man. $4 day.
2 carpenters, house, steady. $3 50 day.
2 shinglers. long Job, $1 per M.
2 teameters, city, $2 25 per day.
2 men on hay balers, $2 00 day and board.
3 quarrymen. $2 25 day.
3 Italian laborers, $2 25 day. .
3 carpenters, near city. $3 60 day.
6 bridge carpenters, boss here. $3 50 day.
3 laborers, sawmill. $35 and found.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, grocery experience preferred, $S5.
Window trimmer and card writer, $20.
Optical f.nd jewelry salesman, If'JO.
100 plao»r miners, earn $30 per day.
Msnxger dry rwxls, SI30 per month. -
Registered druggist, $75; country.,.
Marry other !>oeitinns. Call at office,
509 HEARST BUILDING. '
aiUSICATjTySTKU^EMJl^.^^^^
HEADQUAKTE11S tor renting pianos — LltU*
piancm (or small rooms, .medium size for -
average rooms, big pianos for Urge parlors.
halls, etc.: pianos fcr rent at $1 per month,
tome at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo. : our own make pianos at $3
-per no. (the best instrument offered for ths
money In S. F.); a fine line of elegant largs
planes for $4 and $5 per mo.; over $130 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as w*ll as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 500-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH O*- VPRIGHT3— Easy Payments.
Erard. small upright for practice $49
Wuodworth and Allovon. splendid order.. 63
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... 12S
' Eherman. Clay A Co.. good order IHA
Grovesteen A Fuller, splendid order Hi
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 OTarrell st
AT $S per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new planes; all makes in used lnstrumeata.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st: Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
TALKING machines, guitars, etc.; easy pay-
ments; month's piano rent free. BRUENN.
225 Sntter at.
FOR tale — Grand square piano; la good order;
$50. 1717 Twelfth it. Oakland.
A George Stack upright grand; elegant ms»
hogany case; cheap. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
SECOND-hand piano. $123. BAdGALUTI. 7M
Mission st. .
A PRIVATE party 'left Fischer upright to bo
sold; $133. 237 Geary st
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos, furniture,
dirt cheap. Whitebead's Storage. 1638 Mkt.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st
BOHMER, Byron Mauxy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly p»y-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st
8-PEDAL Steinway up: Chlckering baby grand:
Bhonlnger. little used. Keege'a. 288 O'FarreH.
orriCES^Agrp stores to tjbt.
LOWER part ot 423 Sutter St.; suitable for
business purposes.
jnataoisAiJi. n
A — CALL and see our demonstrators, with one-
half of face treated: I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pit tines, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, younar face, call ot
write MME. CILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Flre of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists far
over 20 years; price 80c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL A BROWN. 32 Turk st. S. T.
THE fjtar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Un-
proved its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itchicg scalp; no stain or stickiness;
eleanees scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 153S Polk.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife, Jennie, she having left
my bed and board. JOHN CONNELL. Saa
Francisco, September 7.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (aSscttns;
skin, mouth, bones, etc) speedily cure-l by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Ctntral
Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst ca»e> cored.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On ths worst bald bead. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st <
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTON3*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ¦¦
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et. near Powell.
A — Visitors we shampoo, manicure, dress hair,
etc.; chea'pest. best In city. 133 Powell st.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOITSEWORTH. ,
optician. 158-t Market «t.. rm. 207: est. 1831.
Superfluous hair removed: eleetrie needle. Mrs.
Katon. SS9 Sutter. Miss Eaton. X33 Qe*ry.rj».
SUPERFLUOUS hair A tnoles removed by eleo-
trlc needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
LADIES and g-ntlemen. you will flad best hair
tonic In the world at 1310 Sutter st
ELEGANT suit to order A 1 ex. pair pants,$13.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt St.. bet 7th and 8Ut,
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly "3 carats.
$250. OARIN. 138 Montgomery st
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pasts 12 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Pnpont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlxs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
balr to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PAXMI3TB.T.
MME. EUGENIE, the Chetro. reveals facts)
that will astonish you. portrays events, ds-
scrtbes enemies; advice given. 478A Tors: st
PHYSICIANS AND STntQEONS.
DR. C c!~O'DONNELL— Office and residence*
1021^4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Vj Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; fos>
past four years at 113-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leaveaworta.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dte-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-1 Clay st
PATENTS. -
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-y-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st
PTJTtCgAgTJTP AOSNCTEH.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed lS56S17thst 1 SanF^nclsccTeLC»pp83«^
r^ p»oposAxs.
' PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — OZfloo
Depot Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery
st. San Francisco, Cal.. September 8. 1904.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to>
usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m.. September 28.
1904, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for - furnishing and delivering at tha Saa
Francisco Depot. California, stationery.
kitchen utensils, army ranges, lawn mowers,
hardware, paint oil. etc Ths United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any
or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will b* fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked, "Proposals for
Quartermaster Supplies No. 6970." and ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
master, U. 3. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence) Supplies. Offico
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
September 7. 1904. — Sealed proposals for far-
nisblng and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses la Saa
Francisco. Cal., as per circular to be seen
at this offlce will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m,. Wednesday. September 21.
1904 and opened Immediately thereafter. , In
presence of bidders. Specifications, general
Instructions to bidders and blank forms of
proposals will be furnished to established
dealers on application to DOUGLAS SET-
TLE. Captain Comsy. '
AUCTION sale^ — Offlce General Superintendent
. Army Transport Service. San Francisco, C*L, .
Sept ' 8, 1904— There will be sold at publlo
auction, at 11 o'clock a. m., September 27,
1904 at Fol«om-stre«t wharf, a lot of miscel-
laneous condemned Quartermaster's stores,
a list of* which can b« seen at Folsom-street
I wharf. C. A. DEVOL, Major and Quarter-
master. U. S.VA.
U. B Engineer Offlce, San Francisco, Cal..
Sept 6. 1904; sealed proposals for drsdglsr
In Alviso slough. Cal.. will be recetved here
until 12 noon Thursday. Oct 6. 1904; Infor-
mation oa application. W. H. HECER, Col..
Ensrs. -
DIVIDEND HOTlCLa.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 69, of fifty cents
¦ (50c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable " at
the offlce or tha company, roams 202. 204 and
20$ Hayward butfdlng. San Francisco, on
. September 10, 19OI. Transfer books . close
' Sept 3. 1904, at noon. C. C. QUINN,;Sec
TYPEWKITEBS AND STJPPIiIE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2. Remington. Not 1
Smith . Premier. |25: ' other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Tb*
Typewriter Exchange. 53U California st
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Impec Co.. 609 Mark*.
Continued " on Pace Fourteafc ,
HELP WANTED— •MAXS—Contlaned.
A— MURRAY & BEADY?"C34 anoMBe Clay st.
Phone Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French. Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hspe to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 00.000.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill. $3 50 day.
FOREMAN, MAKE TABLES. ?3 day.
Woodworker, pine,- furniture, city $2 day.
2 brush makers, fare $1, $1 20 per M.
12 IRON MOLDERS. -"^r rr.
15 coopers, tight and slack work.
MURRAY & READY.
- . ' - 634-636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS AND" WOODS. \ ,
PLANING MILLS. BOX FACTORIES, Etc
SECOND DONKEY MAN, $60 found.
Donkey foreman, snipe logs, cut brush, $50 fd
HEAD LINEMAN $75.
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED.
25 laborers for lumber co. : faro $2.. $30. fd.
CB laborers; mills yard: NORTH $C0
35 laborers for woods & camps. North. ...§60
HELP BUILD IT. '
165 laborers to cut brush away; help build
R. K. from sawmill to woods; fare $6..$60
LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or young men work In bot. factories,
$30 AND $35 FD., NORTH.
165 woodchoppers; tools, etc. FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
MURRAY A READY,
' .. . -. 634-636 Clay st.
MINES— MINES. ~~
12 machine miners; gold QUARTZ...... $90
18 ehuck tenders; boss here.... 976 to $S2 50
LOOK!
18 laborers or young men to learn mining;
to start, $30 fd.; good chance for YOU.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
168 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIA NS.
158 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay Sit
LOS ANGELES, ™
BAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIST.
the Lend of Sunshine, FRUIT and FLOW-
ERS.
BY TRAIN, SANTA FTJ R. R.
$4 60 FARE. THAT'S AUU
865 two and four horse teamsters, $60.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay et
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
Cook, 20 men. mine, $40 and found.
18 cooks, different hotels, camps; cafes,
mines, saloons, ranches, etc, $80, 940, $50 to
$80 and found.
WAITERS.
8 waiters, same hotel, fare, $1 60, $35 found.
12 waiters, different city and country Jobs.
18 DISHWASHERS: 6 PORTERS.
BEDMAKER8, BELL AND ELDVATOB
BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch Ironers. $12; ironer, $15. >>'
8 butchers, shop and slaughter-hous* work,
$40. $30 and found.
Sausage maker, $14; experienced bone hams,
914.
MURRAY A READY. 684 and 636 Clay st
FARMS. DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands, $26, $30, $38 found.
8 milkers. $30. $35 found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
16 chore boys and men. $16, $20, $25, $30 fd.
COACHMEN, GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
16 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $75, $60, $30
and found.
Boys, learn trades, tend stores, eta.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, mine buildings, fare paid,
$4 50 day.
GASOLINE ENGINEER— $12 WEEK.
4 plastersr, free fare both ways, $4 50 day.
BAKERS.
Foreman baiter, $25 and found.
8 bench hands, $17 a week.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, Ironer and starcher, fare $1. 92 50
day: marker and distributer, north. 918 wk.
Man to tend bar, take cash hotel, etc., $35 fd.
WAITERS, BARTENDERS.
Man run lunch counter, south, saloon, 910
week and found.
5 farmers and wives. $40. $50 and $60 fd.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
Woodturner, bench hand.
BLACKSMITHS. i
2 horsesboers, floor and flre, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
25 8HEEP BUTCHERS, $80.
Slaughter-house helper, fare $1, $35 found. .
Kntf« man. pig's feet shaver. $2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 6341-636 Clay st
MINE DISTRICT.
£5 laborers, fee $1. fare. $2. $30 found.
25 two-horse teamsters. $30 found.
. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE.
165 teamsters, $75.
155 laborers, $75.
55 drillers, $90.
FEE $1 THATS ALT..
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
FACTORY.
12 laborers, you'll suit. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
CARPENTERS.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, fare 25c. $4 day.
14 carpenters, fare 25, S. M. Co.. $3 80 to
$4 a day.
16 carpenters' city Jobs, $3, $3 60. $4 day.
MURRAY A READY. 631 and 636 Clay st.
A— 12 GRAPE packers, southeast. $1 75 day fd.
Fireman, oil burner, for a mine.
Presser on gents' clothes, city. $2 to $2 25
a day. *
Spool tender, fare. $2 20, $45 to $50 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt
FREE FARE- R. R. WORK. FREE FARBJ.
TO-DAY.
25 spikers, you'll suit. $60.
25 laborers, you'll suit, $60.
Offlce Fee 6nly $1.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE— SEH HIM.
. 3 chuck tenders, $75.
9 hand miners. $75 to $S2 60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
5 LABORERS for woods, fare $5. $35 found.
Man. wife; man milk 25 cows, wife cook for
3 men; no other woman on ranch; $40 fd.
Chore boy or man, institution, fare, $3, $30 fd.
3 brick wheelers fare 30c, $67 60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~~~ FRUIT PICKERS.
A man or boy who can eat fruit
CAN PICK FRUIT.
66 men and strong boys, fare $1, $30 & fd.
OFFICE FEE $1.
MURRAY, & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
STONE cutter. $4 50 day; carpenter, vineyard,
$40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et
4 MINERS, Nevada State. $3 50 day.
. Miner and wife, wife cook 6 men, $3 50 day,
$30 and found.
Iloetler, city, $60; 3 etablemen; country, $40
and found.
WAITER— Special Job, $40 fd.
4 butchers, fare $1. $2 75 day.
Starcher and Ironer. fare $1 25 K $2 50 day.
Colored man. drive light wagon, $1 25 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st-
TEN PLUMBERS— PORTLAND.
LOOK.
Baker, good bench hand, $10 week found.
Slaughter-houce butcher, fare $1, $30 found.
6 teamsters, city, no blankets, $2 day.
6 laborers, city, no blanketn, $2 to $2 25 day.
26 laborers, oil fields. $67 50.
2 calkers, boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
LUMBER COMPANY. ~~~"\
12 laborers, good steady Job, $2 fare, $30 f d.
12 croscculters, ' $2 fare. !
12 Jackserewers, $2 fare. : V.' ¦
MURRAY A; READY. 634-636 Clay st
LEARN BUTCHERING!
25 men with a little experience with knife,
steady job; see us; $2 25 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
8 teamsters. 30c fare, $60.
6 laborers, 30c fare. $80.
MpRRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA. • "
155 trackmen, $07 to $75. '
Steady Rood Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clax st
SAUSAGE-MAKER. 30c fare. $15 week.
Young man. city bakery, you'll do, $0 week.
MILKER, city dairy, $33 found.
Fanner and wife, ¦ stock ranch, no woman
there, $40 and found.
PACKING- HOUSE.
25 men to work In fruit packing-houses,
$32 50 and found. .
16 laborers, board In hotels. $60.
2 laborers, gold quarts mine. $67 50.
BUTCHERS.
Second butcher,* slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
$50 and found.
Third butcher, slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
$40 and found.
' Young man, help tend bar, wait. 10c fare,
. $25 and found. -
Stableman and drive, San Mat eo County,
private $35 and found.
I LOOK. "
Ship calker for dredger, fare $1. $3 50 day.
6 porters, city, $30 and found.
Cement finisher, fare $1 50. $4 day.
Elevator boy. $5 week, board.
MURRAY fc READY, 634-636 Clay at.'
TWO varnish finishers, little experience, $1 60
to 92 day.
Stableman, mine .town. $35 : found/
Hotel, fare . $1 30. bora - here.
Bedmaker. $20. id.; man run wash machine.
MEDICAX. |
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In aU fe-
male disorders; call or writ*. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm t*e only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call nr
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. offlce 306 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities r In**""* rellaf
•guaranteed; 30 years 7 experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe>
mals troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
guaranteed. 1008% Market st. opp. 8th.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the niost difficult cases. treated;
advice free. Offlce 101S Market st
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth st. room 8. pos-
itlvely cures rheumatism: magnetic, vapor *
steam baths. Offlce hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment 1128 Market
MRS. DR. GWTEH, 811A Leavwrworth St. b«-
. tween Geary and O'Farrell. '
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sux*, nev*r falls;
$2. Oleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny * Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2893 FoUom tt. cenar
28th; ladles, relief or no fe«; $10.
Z&XSCEXiXJINEOtrS — POB SAI.B.
JD-HAND machinery, snclnea, boilers, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; ste Sunday papers.
H, 8. WMiTB MCHY. CO.. 120-132 Bealo st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MeTN-
TOflH A WOLPMAN. 198-197 Fremont st
FOR sals— New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER, 652 Mission st .:
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shlnrles: best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
BATES and DESKS — As w« are going to move
to New Montgomery St., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1916 Market st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pips, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-258 Spear st
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly ox
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at 91 and 91 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 8d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mkt
FOR sale — Fine large safe, with steel vault;
i almost new. Inquire 354 Hayes et
BRICK, for sale cheap. Apply Dynamite Bat-
tery. Presidio.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st >--•:-.
ROOMS papered; 94 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 819 Third ;teLMaln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring ISO; worth
$100. OARIN. 138 Montgomery st
FOR tale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021H Market st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hard. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st
BOMB good 2d-band gasollns engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. B. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Mk;.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE* HE?.-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Ths Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address la the
United States or Canada one year for 9L
BHSCEI.T J ANEOTJ3 WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
portal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 23
Btockton st
WHAT will you give In exchange for a kail-
graph typewriter In perfect condition T Box
1164. Call office.
LADY wants 'ticket to New York or Chicago;
. medium. Box 1106, Call offlce.
WANTED — A tame, trained -to- harness billy
goat for child to drive. Box C5C. Call offlce.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gent's castoff cloth-
Ing, etc. Tel. Davis 828; 650 Sacramento st
HIGHEST prices for ladles", gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc 922 Folsom st; tel. FoL 852X
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2S5L
MONET TO SO AJT.
AAA— HERMAN MUKpH yp-~™~~~*^~~-~~-
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. •
Estate; second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estats or
Chattels. In city, towa K
Low rate of lterest
Give full particulars *•
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
¦ :/
PRIVATE: — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 826 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS— ~
Money loaned salaried . people without secur-
ity or lB4preement, knowledge of employer or
any one; «-";nCdentlal and courteous treatment;
call and s>H terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furnitui* or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estats;
1st or 2nd mortgages or oa any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 3
' per cent Interest. - Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY lo*iiea to salaried people, vetail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business la 46
! principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st
¦S '¦ LOANS FROM 91 TO 910.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; 923 up: quick.
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery st. rm.Zl.
MONEY to -loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
- diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
THE Golden Gate Loan Offlce will be open
, Saturday, . Sept. 10. W. .. J. HESTHAL, 10
[ Sixth at. . ' . -.- ¦. . : . '
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
.Just en their note; easy payments. 600 Ria!-
: to bldg.". New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Btockton st •
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
' .• tun?. - Indorsed notes and other . security. S.
' F. Discount Agency,* 143 Phelan. building. :
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
• us. Hutton Credit Co.. 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1 1003 Mutusl Sav. Bank- bldg- 708 Market st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
¦ employes. Room 811. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 838 Kearny.
3% ON .furniture & pianos; 915 up: no removal;
no,Jom.-.V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH, loaned salaried people on notes" without
- : Indorser. iMORRELL. €00 Examiner building.
; W ANTED— Loan . $1000; security. ¦ first mort-
'.,'gaye cn.oew towboat Owner,. box 933.' CalLARE- CLOSE TO FIRE.
The following San: Franciscans are
on Mount Ben. Lomond Ridge, close; to
the scene of the- disastrous fire: Mrs.
George ! M. . Hubbard, John D. Hubbard
and : Mrs. J. I).. : Hubbaf d,' ; . all ' of v SCO
Hayes' street.
Child Burned to Death.
Alice- Saint: Lezin, *the seven-year
old daughter cf John and Mary/Saint
Lezin, ..died at the ; French ¦ Hospital
yesterday - of burns : received on th<»
preceding day. The accident:, took
place t at . 11J; o'clock -on the- f forenoon
of Wednesdays at; the fresidence" of C the
parents, 1325% Calif ornia; street. The
little girl had -washed her. hair and
Court AVlthont Jurisdiction.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday denied the nppltctition for
the appointment of n receiver In th«
case of Kiester vt..Pacill« Sttttea Mer
cantile : Company on the ground that
the sum sued for . hy.Ktrattr p«r«ontil)y
was less than $2000 mid thcr«efor« not
within the Jurisdiction of tho i.'tiviiit
Court. A po*tortU'« fi'«uul ,orU«>f w»i
recently Is9u«tl. > ngtihitl Ihe "mui«;«uj%
TONOPAH MIXES.
BKI.AaiU Bid.Aak.
Columbia .... su — lPlne GroTe .. ZS —
K*p«rar.sa ... «l CSJQulncy ; 07
Gold Anchor. 3> — i K*y Exten .. — 06
iioMW.1 n M — C«| Ray & O'Brien — w
GoM(l#Ut Mil W «»iR«y Ton .... — n»
U^Uineld Mln. — 73 K.M Top ..... 17 in
liaKtrttM Mhk t« 20 Rescue io u
OoMfl^U S P. t? — i Sandstorm -.41
<:.>Uin<-U Ton. H — |Ton Uelmont.. «i 63
«tul4 Mt C<>n. — C2-Ton A CmX... 10
lUn Mat Ca. SS — |Ton Ext«n..l 15 i 1711
\\a*<-\ KlrK .. — UiTon Fraction.. 25 —
Wttl»'Tii»w ., S»» 50' Ton OnitW. 03 —
t.wHf Tom.. 04 —(Ton Gold Mt. IT -
M«.'N.mur» . ; - -rt SStTon Midway.. 39 40
MUrah \'\ten JT — <Ton N»v.7 C2% * 12',
Mont Tt»n ... — 2 131 Ton N* Star .. 2O 2«
N t Tv«» .... <vi _J |Tnlt«d Ton . . — •-!»
r*vw«*ur .. W — (W«at Cad ... 10 13
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Fctiyons In Insolvency.
Petitions \n insolvency were filed In
the United Atates District Court yes
terday, as follows: L. G. Coss. paper
hanger, Sacramento, liabilities $1916,
assets $1800; S. Clementina - Miles,
dressmaker, San Francisco, liabilities
$6248, no assets: all the creditors are
New York firms: Charles O'Manny.
clerk, San Francisco, liabilities $1375',
no assets.
Engineers In Demand.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
for civil engineer, . civil engineer and
draftsman and civil and : electrical en
gineer, departmental service, at San
Francisco, Fresno, Los Angeles and
Marysville .in California and Reno,
Nev., r on October 19. Age limit, . 20
years or .over. Apply. to the United
States .; ;'.' Civil Service Commission,
Washington; D. C, or. to the secretary
of; the : board of civil service exam
iners, 301 Jackson , street," San i- Fran
cisco,' Cal., for application form- 1312.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BAILED.
Thursday, Befit S.
Schr Corinthian. Lutjen. .
Stmr Montara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sent S— Stmr Orac«
Dollar. henc« Stst -: «chr Guide, hence Aus
17: tur Sea Rover, hence Sept 3.
Sailed Sot S — Strar Centraiut, for Saa Pe
dro: schr Volant, for San Francisco..
PORT BUAKELET— Arrived Sept 8— Schr C
S Holmes, from Port Townaend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 8— Br »tinr Bljths
wood. frcm MaxatUn.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed S«3t S— Stmr Cretlc.
for Boston: sUnr Dominion, for Montreal: stair
Tunisian, for Montreal.
Head Tax Continued.
United States Commissioner of Im
migration Frank P. Sargent tele
graphed instructions yesterday to Im
migrant Commissioner North to con
tinue to . collect $2 head tax on all
alien passengers arriving at this port
in transit through the United States
pending the decision of the appeal of
the Government from the decision of
United St/tes Circuit Judge _Morrow
to the" effect;. that. the. collection of the
tax was n\<t^ authorized by law.-
Valises Stolen at Ferry.
While waiting for the doors to open
so they could board tne boat for Oak
land, Fred Felstein, a Knight Templar
of Cleveland, Ohio; B. Fleury of this
city and Miss Gourd of Oakland, set
their valises down while they walked
around and when they returned they
found that some one had stolen them.
They reported their losses to the po
lice. •
Dtal Amounting to $158,000 Is Made
Subject to Approval by the Pro
bate Court.
The Sutro estate has sold to a syn
dicate six and a half city blocks of
land lying between A and B streets
and Fortv-sixth and Forty-eighth
avenues, together with buildings op
posite the termination of the Ocean
Beach railway. Included in the
structures Is the Cyclers' Rest. The
consideration i3 about $158,000. Tne
sale is subject to the confirmation of
the court, which will consider the
transaction on the 16th insL The
property is to be subdivided.
SCTRO ESTATE SELLS
SEVERAL CITY BLOCKS
TULE LIFE PRESERVERS
UNDER A SEVERE TEST
Local Inspector Bulger Finds Them
Superior, to the Best Made of
Cork or Other Material.
United States Local Inspector Cap
tain Frank Bulger, assisted by Cap
tain James Guthrie, has just finished
a .test of tule life preservers. The
first lots were twelve year3 old and
were condemned and taken from the
river steamer Captain Weber. They
were placed in fresh water on August
31, at 3 p. m., and taken out yester
day at 3 p. m.,- after having floated
twenty-four v pounds weight each for
the, whole^of that- time. The new
ones, weighing three and a quarter
pounds, floated thirty-six pounds for
ninety-six hours, and twenty-seven
and a half pounds for the same pe
riod. One of these, after , having
supported twenty-four . pounds for
ninety-six hours in the water, was
dried and supported thlrty-twY and
three-quarter pounds dead weight and
stood four and a half inches out of
water. Twenty-four pounds is _ the
weight required by the regulations to
be supported. The regulation weight
for the British Board of Trade is
only fourteen, pounds.-; Hence Brit
ish life preservers are not allowed. on
American vessels. It is estimated that
a man weighs seven. and; a hair pounds
in salt water.
SIX COACHES PI.U>'GE
THROUGH A TRESTLE
Wreck Occurs on a South Carolina
Railroad and Surgeons Are
Hurried to Scene.
CHARLOTTE^ N. C. Sept. 9.—Pas
senger train No. 41, on the Seaboard*
Air Line, !s reported to have gone
through a trestle at Catawba River.
S. C, early this morning. Six coaches
went down. No particulars are obtain
able at present. An extra train with
surgeons was sent from Monroe.
was drying it by sitting with her back
to the. stove.' Her clothing took fire
and she ran screaming from the room,
thereby fanning the flames and re
ceiving the burns which caused her
death. „
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER' 9, 190*.
14
EEAL ESTATE— CTTT--yO» SALE.
ONLT A TEXT LEFT.
Choicest lot* tn the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level a« a billiard table: ©n . ajreet
irrsde; elos* to fine school: not far from tas
Mti«lcn-?t. electric cars; »ecure cn« «» aa
investment and by the tlm« It Is paid for It
wlJl have doubled In value the way prtoe*
have advanced durins th* past year; buy
row before prices become prohibitive- la tal»
rapidly srowlrc section.
W. J. WHITE.
£8 Montgomery et.. r. 8. Phon* Main 5704.
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
OWN A LOT IN CALIFORNIA.
The California terminus of the- 'Santa. F»
r.&!2road and the Standard Oil Company Is at
Richmond. Just aero** tfce bey from San Fraa-
c:rco. These corporations, with the Southern
Pacific Company, are spending millions of dol-
lars there, maklns It the great manufacturing
city of the West. Make money. ,
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
Call cr Bend for free macs.
P.ICKUONP LAND CO.. Crocker Bldr.. 8. F.
«000— 2 FLATS. 4 Jk r. r & b; 234 . Day st.
*2S00— 2 flat*. 5 r & b; 221 Twenty -seventh st.
«2WX>— New cottage. S r & b; Mission & Chin*.
*2<W)0— New cottage. 5 r & b; 4SS 29th et.
S2700— Cottage 6 r & b: IBS West Park at.
$1100— Cottage, 4 r A b; 240 Hearst ave.
$300 — Cottage. 4 rooms; 3 lots: 714 Munich.
$1300— Cottage. 4 r fc b: 308 Munich st.
6end for our auction circular. Sept. li.
P. COFFIN. Mission St.. bet. 21st A- 22J.
LOTS $230; $10 down. $5 month; Castro and
Twentieth «t»: sewer and water In street.
Call 4192 Army »i.. near Castro; cheapest
lots }n city. ¦
NEW Colonial houses; 2 fiatB. 0 roon>«; re-
ception halls e*ch; lot 54x1:5; $5400; *asy
payments. B gt. and Third ave.. near Park.
t $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
acy location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Horn* Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
FOR eale— Hciera Cat*; 618 and 640 Noe Bt;
part cash. . _^___^^^__
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 83« Howard rt.
REAL ESTATE— COUTTTBY — For Sole.
K0 ACRES of fine agricultural land In the
river district of Kern Co., 12 miles from
Bakersfield; this land surrounded by paying
oil wells, but r.ever bored upon: is all level.
¦ eoil of the best, title absolutely perfect: on
main road and adj. canal; make effer for this.
Ad. box i:31. Call, for full particulars.
A NI<~E country home, suitable for a chicien
rtnch, to lease: near Novato; containing 5»i
acres. For further particulars apply 1117
Pierce st.. cr of W. B. Schmitt, Novato, CaL
AT a- sacriflce — All or any part of 45 acres;
cultivated level loara; adjoining Napa; only
*.'•'.• per acre; cash or ternv; easily worth
$100. N. D. SICKELS. « Geary st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected barrains; monthly cata-
lorues •cat free. C M, WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
FREE bocklet and poultry folder. Ean Benlto
County -Improvement Club. IIoHlster. Cal.
w^mj^7EO f mLJgSTATZ v^
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from ,'»th aud Market
•ts.; outside the fog belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "eutoft"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; r>0-foot lots from $4CK» up;
terms. Cm two cubdi visions only $10 down.
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes in
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot in thU desirable section on
*««y term?; take the electric cars and get
eff at LOM1TA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY, RODGERS & CO..
Tfl Mai;: 673. lift California gt.
arEHT.0 PAEK HKALESTATS.
1200 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads: last of this property left; U cash.
Menlo Park — A flue country home, with
»; >:.dij parden and magnificent trees; well
built, cld-fashioned house in good condition;
fcr sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
frcm 4 to 25 acrcc; special terms to thosa
buildizy Immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Te!ephone Main 073. 116 California, st.
SEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FINE homes in Oakland to exchange for
ranch property. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. -468
Tenth ft.. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
ALA2CEDA SEAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFliK REFUSED.
A'mctt new R-rcom house; fine marine t1<w;
bout* is thorcushly tncderc: porcelain bath.
etc. ; cement bas<»nj»nt ; SoOOu.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leadinc and lt*l.'able Azents.
14 -'2 PARK ST. ' ":-.;':-
BEBKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
BEBgELET E.SAL ESTATE.
AL1JEK & CORYELL.
fPECIAL BAItt-AINH IN REAL ESTATE
$1.000 — 5-r cottage near c-or. Athby ave. and
San Pabio; lar^e io:.
11.550 ¦ 8 r. -cttace: Delaware si.; $250 cash.
balance as rent.
$;.4<yv— .'.-r. ottace near AshbjV ave.; $500
cash, easy t>.rm* on balance.
$3,5CKJ — 7-r. houto; new; sunny and central
location; larce lot; J£00 cash, balance
is rent.
$1,CCO— S-r l.ou*e: n»\»: Walnut st.: f rents
Uip lay; durable lixwion for a home.
it,5f«— 10-r. house: Bancroft way; south
frcntagf ; near V. C
f7,500 — 1f»-r. h«-use and barn; Durant ave.:
south frcr.'ase; larze lot: best loraxion.
. *C00— l».'slden<-« lot near nation; street
work cjrrple!».<!.
C2.«00 will buy 80 it.. 2 residence lots on
U!ak» et.. bet. Dana and Ellsworth: a
reel fpaji!
fl.Cr.0 buys lot. .'-OxMS. B<rry-Binrs Tract-
tr"->st desir^bi* lo^atl'-n.
I2.1W buys fit* rrsirVnr* cornr r. \ fronting
?oulh and east. In Berry-Eanss Tract-
a bargain!
HeiidrLc* li-u in a!! paits ot Berkeley.
J. M -?2IJ~ Bu " !i '^ m P r °l >ert > : fa>'« « per cent net.
*.'.t;.coc_ Husuiess prorK-rty; pays * per cent n-t.
US. 500 — Bt^t available business lot- in the city
J^J.OOC — Hett a\aiiiible business corner In the
city.
ALBEK & CORYKLL,
21S3 -Center «t.. E«ike!e>-. Cal.
eNA ?-. S J n &**&£&* Ioti: ranches for sale
«n Oakland and Iruitx-ale: also property for
t-a!e and rxchatige in any j;art of United
fctat*-*; oal! on me before buying eUewhere;
r.o chEixe for ccm.-ryr.nce to you to what we
have L. BLODCirrT. Ilol East Fifteen th
BARGAIN— $16C0: S-room house. weU, barn.
chlcken-liouM-.' 50 young fru'.t tree., lot 175r
207: cne block north or Corbln nation West
Berkeley. Inquire of F. iiEVIS on the
•premises.
TO KENT. "
-In the best part cf town, fine corner house o*
10 r*v>mr. besement end attic; rent S8O
JOSEPH J. MASON. DeruTreyVmion. •
C " EAPK jF and best In Am-rlca— The Weekly
FRUITVALE ADv¥s3IXTS
fail IT VALE SEAL ESTATE.
FOR E ALE^$'2750Tu CMTttTsbT^mTf oTJib
per month; 2 cottages on Jot. 40x150. Apnly
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S T M'TS
—————— — ¦ — . —
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKTiftlTP REAL ESTATE.
EELDEN'S- BARGAINS . ; . " T
— $^°^ Nc *L T 50^,™ 1 « : «>om house. ; with' lot
SkUnd ? location en 24th »t.. East
$5750— Beautiful home of 8 rooms with ele-
rant furniture; must be sold account owner's
departure; lot 50x100; sunny exposure- near
Grove et. * '
$3000— Another East Oakland bargain- fine
=-story. 7-room residence and lot 45x100; splen-
didly loc-a ted on 13th ave.; easy terms
SS.%0— Reduced for a quick sale; extra choice
tebidence site;. 40x115 feet; In beautiful rii
lege Heights: 54th and Webster su.
*S00 — Elegant terraced lot. ¦ 40x140, on- the
crown of the hill: 7th ave. and E. 20th st •
rrend %iew; eurrounded by beautiful homes'-
$2500— Fine U-roim cotUge; right In center
cf town and the bert bargain ever offered.
BELDEN, REAL ESTATE,
1112 Broadway,- Oakland.
OAgLAgD BOOHS. .
FOR rent — A larce front room; suitable for 2
persons; near business center; $2 per week"
713 Eleventh el. Oakland.
OAKLAND PUJtanUEE TOB. SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture.- H« EcheJhkas.lKb st.;cor.itore,OaVland.
STORAGE ANP WAKBHOPSE3.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co. ; storage,
packing, shipping; warehouse. G.O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72ft-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sta.; tel. Prl. Ex. -571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone Eaw-128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 8 »0
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W. Zehfugs.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 3320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEICINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.r tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile calve, $1 ¦ per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding. Itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall no matter how long
standing. 1C28 Devlaadero st.. near Butter.
TO LEASE.
FOR' lease — California Bchuetzen Club Park.
near San Rafael. California. Written bids for
the lease of California Sehuetzen Club Park
for. five years, from December 20, 1904,- will
be received up to October 1, 1904. at the of-
fice of the secretary of the California
Bcbuetzen Club, Park and Building Associa-
tion, O. A. Bremer, 820 Kearny St., San
Francisco, California, The form of lea**
and each and all the terms and conditions,
except the amount of rent, may be seen at
the office of the secretary, and any intending
lees*« whose bid is accepted will .iave ' to
give satisfactory security for tie perform-
ance of the terms and conditions of * the
lease. The directors reserve the right to re-
ject any and all bids.
PHILO JACOBT. President.
O. A. BREMER. Secretary. '
VIAVT.
A WAT to health — Mothers' and daughters'
nom« treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness: phone East 2S2.
STXTTTESIVG' AMU STA2Z3SEKX2VG.
MELBOURNE InatituTeT^a^Ness^indrMarkeU
cures; estab. in S.F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 6 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licence* were issued
yesterday:
Frederick A.' Mohrmann, 2S, 201 Fremont
street, and Anna M. Heltmann, 28, 537 Ivy
Wilber C. Cozier. 40, 2SS5 Twenty-fifth
street, and Johanna Begun!. . 46, 2S65 Twenty-
fifth street.
Manuel F. Gomes, 35, 721 Davis street, and
Josephine Andrews, 19, IS San Antonio place.
1 George A. Bchoer, 20. Wells, Nev., and
Lottie Pixley, 26, Elko, Nev.
Justus Lcrenzen, 26, Petaluma, and Minna
Bonn,* 24. 2501 Mission street.
Heary H. Tarv, 28, Gonzales, and Anne I.
M. E. Smith. 2fl, 639 Second oireet.
William S. Giles, 22, city, and Anna. A.
Goirgin, IS. city.
David S. Painter. 26, McCloud, and Mildred
E. Powers, 17, McCloud.
Hippoiyte D. Parent, 2R, 27-46 Mission street,
and Emma L. Kuseler, 23, CS5 McAllister.
Henry Stokes. 40. Naw, and Mary J. Ack-
erman, 30, 334 Oak Etreet.
John H. Zulllger, 21. city, and Gertrude 8.
Ellery. IS, Santa Cruz. . ;
William E. Harvey, 26, city, and Florence
A. Peters. 23. city.
Levon S. ToDjusn, 28, 3C8 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Rose B. Cafejlan. 21, 1348 Hyde.
Charles C. Everett, 35. 2050 Ellis street, and
Martha A. Lofthouse, 22. 422 Turk street.
Wesley M. V.'alden, 41, Fresno, and Carrie
J. Weaver, 25, Fresno.
Joe Salvatore, 34, Sausalito, and Mary Don-
j nelly. 30, city.
Friedrich R. Bachler, 31, Alvarado, and
Certrude L. K!ein. IS. Dresden. Germany. ' ¦
Galen *H. Peters. :>3. Lcs Anselea, and Sue
Downle. 23, Los Angeles.
George H. De Langton, 21, 310 Golden Gate
avenue, end OlRa LundberK. 18. 172« Hyde.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
rcail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
of the event are' published* once in this column
free of charge.
'" r ¦ ~ \ , borx.
HENNEBERRY— In this city.. Seulemher 4, j
1004. to the wife of Thomas D. Her.neberry, .
a daughter. ' . \ -
MARRIED.
CAMPBELL — BOYD— In this city, Aucust 17,
11)04, by the Rev. 11. C. Shoemaker, Walter
Campbell and Marraret M. Doyd, both of j
this city. j
EVERETT— IjOFTHOUSE— In this city. Sep- j
tomber 8. liKM. by.t'.ie Kev. Edwin F. Brown.
Charles C. Everett and Martha A. Loft-
house, hoth of this city.
D112D. ':
Ah Tune Kinney. Elizabeth J
Andrade. Vicenta Kolln, John |
Carlin, Miss Annie Lawler. Francis i
Childs, Jennie • l>;tfer. Austin W. >
?Tliristle/ Ixjutee l»chhead, Robert J
Corbett. Thomas ' Moi-Keen.- Samuel W.
Douchc-rty, Edward Malone, Thomas F.
. FaiiesB. Thomas Mann, Kugenia
Ferris, Dora Mchr. Arthur
Frank, Minnie Moore, Ciaudine E.
Griffin, Catherine Murphy, John
Hammond, Georsre A. O'Brien. Mrs. S.- .T. •
Helnemeyer, Eliza- Olsen, Sherpard B.
¦ betli Stantcn, Maria • |
Jat-kkcn, Augusta E. Sthrefhley, Hattie • |
Jolinson, Louisa C. Straub. Edward W.
•Tone?, George C Van Huusen, Wm. .
Kendrick. Thomas J. Vrooman, Susan M.
Kettle,. Jo-n J.
AH TUNG — In this city. Seatember R, 1004,
Ah Tung, a native of China, aged G2 years. ;
ANDRADE— In this city. September 8, 1904,.
at her residence. 1804 Mason street, Vicenta,
ricarly beloved wife of the late Jeterino An-
drade. and beloved mother ot Miss Hortensia
Andrade. r. native of Mexico, ared 50 years
0 months and 3 days. '
CARLIN— In this city, September 7, l»04,
MIfs Annie Carlin, beloved aunt of W. J.
and H. J. Carlin. a native of County Done- j
gal. Ireland, aged 73 years. (Boston papers
please copy.) I
t~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. -49 Clara avenue, off Seventeenth
Mreet. thence to the Most Holy Redeemer
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy 1 Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers.. '
CHILDS— In this city. September 8, 1004. Jen -
nio. beloved wife of Dr. -Thomas F. Childs/:
beloved mother of Mrs. H. G. Martin and i
May Childs. and grandmother of Thomas -E. j
. Rogers, a native of Wales, aged 54 years 3
months and 8 days.
CHRISTIE— In San .Lcandro, September 0,
1004. . Louise Christie, beloved mother of
Jame3 Christie, a native of Tenness*^ aged
' 60 years 11 months and 2ti days.'
CORBETT— Entered Into rest. In this city,
September 8, 10O1, Thomas ¦ Corbett, father
cf Mr«. .France* G. Ferral, Mrs. Nellie E.
Sn-.lth and Mrs. Harriet A. Corbett, a native
of Ireland. ¦ •
Cyi*he funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 p. m., from the -parlors of
Carew & English. 20 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary'n Cathedral for services.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery, by electric i
funeral car from Guerrero and ' Eighteenth
streets.
DOUGHERTY— In this city, September 7. 1004,
Edward F.. beloved husband of Sadie Dough-
erty, and father ot Ethel and Agnes Dough-
erty, and son-in-law of Joseph Sullivan, a
native ot Brooklyn, N. Y. . ¦ •
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1120^ -'Alabama etreet, thence to St.
Peter's Church. . where a requiem . high mass
will he celebrated for the repose- of his
soul at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
FARLESS — In this ,. city, September 7 1004.
Thomas Ashley, beloved husband of 'Jennie
C. and father of Ashley R. Farless. a na-
tive of New York City, aged C-'J years 6
months and 0 dajs. . .
ETEvenlng services at 8:15 p. m.,: Friday
September, 0. will be held at the residence!
1V32 Pine street, corner of Laguna, to which
friends and acquaintances are' respectfully in-
vited. Please omit flowers. Interment
private. . . .- .1 ,:
FERRIS — In this city, September 7 1804
Dora, dearly beloved wife of Charles Ferris!
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannacan <fc Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS -AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., -opposite Lincoln School.' r
"Telephone ; South 80. . •.•»'¦,.•
UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
.•—; — f-Funeral Directors and Embalmers— — -^—
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. : ' '¦
NOW at 8KB MISSION. . Tel South 167. -
Between Fourth and Fifth, near j Fifth st.
Finest Equipments ' at ' Moderate , Rates.
James McGinn, • Henry Hansen. , I
JAME3.MCGINN&CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn, Bros.:.- I
Funeral Directors ' and . Embalmers—^ I
214 Eddy St.- - Tel South 57C. ¦'.'.:¦'. I
. MILL TALLZT EEAL ESTATE.
J400 TO $800, 10 per cent casl< balance $10
monthly; fine lots. 50x125 and larger; gratied
streets; pure mountain water; grand redv.ood
trees; charming views; right at the station.
126 lots sold; send for Illustrated booklet.
LYON &. HOAG, 110 Montgomery st.
books fok = p_55 E *E5 E i?5?$t #
BUSH, 1112A — * front bay-window rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Floor of 3 sunny rooms;
running water in every room; nloe location.
' FELL. 22»— Nice furnished suite housekeeping,
$14; central; bath, gan range; adults.
' FIRST 20S near Howard— 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; business location; rent moderate.
FIRST 317 — Large fur. front rms. for light
hskpe; run. water, closet, bath, also sing, r.
FOLSOM, 742A — Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection; $14 month.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; ajso
single rooms.
FOURTEENTH, 7©*— 3 Bunny furnished house-
keeping rooms. | -
HOWARD, 737%— Nicely furnished gunny suite
housekeeping rooms,- and others. <1 60 up.
JACKSON, 041 — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms.
. JESSIE, 607 — To let. 4 and 2 sunny rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; with gaa.
KEN1LWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Throe-
' room sunny apartments; steam heat;cen. Iocl
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340. Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted: free baths; rates reas.
LIBRARY bids.. Van Ness and Golden Gat*
•Tec— Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; rt*a.
MISSION. 1219— Furnished housekeeping rooms ;
aleo one single room; no children. '¦.,
MISSION. 2758 — Two furnished sunny room* or
housekeeping. $12. ¦
NICE housekeeping room* to tot; all location*.
Phone Clay 99&.
NINETEENTH. 3476.nr. Valencia, warm belt— 2
nicely fur.frcnt.rooms;housekeeping;gas,bath.
OAK. 117. C38 McAllister— Rooms, oorapiet*;
SB to *12: eas ran**, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407— Month. $4 and *5: sunny, clean,
quiet and i-esp«ictabl«. Call 6 to 7 p. m. only.
SACRAMENTO. 1005 — Three unfurnished front
rooms; bay window; running water; gas and
bath.' •' -'-.';
SCOTT, 300, northeast corner Page — Two newly
furnished, eunny, housekeeping rooms; quiet,
respectable.
4 ROOMS with parlor furnished for house-
keeping. Apply 119A Sixth St., the Pied-
mont House. > V" ; .- ¦¦>
STEINER. 1320—2 or 3 furnished rooms, with
use of Mtca»n.
THIRD. 314 — Suites and singles, fl 50 to $4
week; bath; back suite, range, porch, $2 70. ,
TURK. 1159 — Two . suites front parlor* for
housekeep.: nice location: new house; reas.
APA2T1IEIIT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS, 1573 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Porn, and XJafurn.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, single rooms,
etc.. from 2£e to il; rates by the week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth »t— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per waek and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT '•The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1 |
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. SOc. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 &:» to $10 week; hou;« open all night.
AT Mayflower, SOS Third — Nice rooms, 25c,
50c. 75c, $1 night; week. $125 to $4; bath. |
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
I * trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
rocmn; 2&c to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. O. a\-e. — Sunny fur-
nished frcnt rooms, suitable for two. $10.
! FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. Phon*
I Ciay 006.
; GOLDEN GATE ave.. 021. near Van Ness —
Furnished front suite: reasonable; other*.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Ml:sslon — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; readlng-rm.
HOWARD. 715 — Larce sunny rooms at low
mice; 25c to $1 day and 91 -'5 to $5 week.
I MARKET. 1043 (The Falmcuth) — Sunny rooms.
! hot. cold water, elevator: windows f*r parade.
MCALLISTER, 717— Well furnished housekeep-
ing lrcnl parlors: rooms fcr Knights .Tem-
plar; low rent.
MISSION. l."42— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 2202— Rooms to let
j PAGE. 31 — Furr.ished rooms.
PINE, 644— Fine sunny rooms; cheap; suitable
for two gentlemen.
PINE, 173.T — Nicely furnished room; light,
eunny; bath; phone, etc.: reasonable.
] POST. 883 — Lame furr.ithed front room; run-
ning water; 'or 1 or - sents: references.
j I»OVYKLI,. 21 «. near O'Farrell— Sunny furnish-
ed rooms: $- tveek up; 3 car lines.
j RITCII, 2GC — 2 tunny front rooms to let.
SACRAMENTO. 1611 — Neat and very sunny
rear room: private faintly; gentleman.
! SACRAMENTO. 1C42— A runny hall room In
¦ private family for gentleman. x
• STEVENSON, 774— Small furnished room to
i_!f! '
SUTTER. 361 — The Larehmont, between Grant
me, aul Stockton st. — Central, convenient;
i elegant rooms for conclave wtek; rates $1 to
*4 i*r day. Cars direct from ferry.
SETTER. lais^-Two nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for gentlemen; - with board.
TEHAMA, \XA— FurnJched rooms.
TENTH. 113— Large' double .room; centrally lo-
cated. ;-_ :_v . .
THE LARCHMONT. S61 Sutter— New brick
building, finely furnished; modern: central;
rates reasonable.
TURK. K01 — Furnished room to let.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
roome, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights <no ebb), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room: tree bus; baggage.
VAN NE£S ave., 37— Large furnished front
room.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 53 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, 'subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened nt IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
" JgQOMS AJBTP BOARD. ¦ '_
COMFORTABLE, sociable; moderate home for
gentleman ; 20 minutes to electric cars; good
board. Box 11S7. Call.
ELLIS, 453— Fine furnished- rooms, with
choicest French table board; best location.
LARKIN. HO— Room and board for gentlema n.
MASON, C13A, near Sutter — Sunny room and
board in private family.
MCALLISTER. 1S22— Rooms and board. ¦ .
POST, 843— Room, with or without board. ''' .
ROOMS with beard; all locations. Phone Clay
896.
EDDY. 1123. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine fum.
runny items;, table board; reas.: new manag.
HOWARJD. 8tlA— First-class board and room.
tingle cr double. $5-$B wk. : American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
607- California — See rooms. learn prices.try tablt-.
aOOM-BESTnrQ AQEgCT.
HAVE you any rooms to let?: If you have and
! want then rentej quick telephone to Clay 986.
SEWING MACHINES A3TD ; SUPPLIES.
IS your old rewlng machine out of fix? We win
trade you a new one for it: Visit the new re-
tail office of the White Co., 915 Market st.
aud see the great collection of machine art
: work now on exhibition; 1000 new Whites for
•: rent: best machines on earth, \ • \ . -
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
¦ Is cheapest; second-hand . all makes at any
• Trie*: all -kinds rented lowest rates. * Domes-
• : tic office. ' ltCl Market it.. . near , Sixth. ,
A NEW Home, the b*st second-hand machine-
ell kinds. $3. 53. |S: guaranteed; where the
CoUm twin; In the window. 1051 Market st.
and mother of Mrs. W. S. Taber -and Anna I
Ferrrls, a native of Ireland. ' '
Cyinterment strictly private. Please
- omit flowers.
FRANK— In this city, September 8, 1004,
Minnie Frank, beloved wife of Charles
Frank, and mother of Norma and Reby
Frank, a nr.tlve of Canada, azed 39 years
and 9 months.
GRIFFIN"— In Santa Rosa. September 6, 10(M>
Catherine Griffin, beloved mother of James
. S. Hurry and Mrs. Mary Unsewltter, and
aistcr 0: th? late Jaxne« Scobie, a native or
Scotland, aped^ years.
HAMMOND— In Berkeley Septeinbsr 8, 1034.
George A., beloved . son of Hugh W. and
Elizabeth Hammond, and brother of Rable
I and Helen Hammond, a native of San Fran-
cisco., ased 1 year and 11 months.
¦ E7Frlt-nds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services |
Saturday morning September 10, 1904. at •
1 10 o'clock, at the parents' residence. 3014
, Shattuck avenue. Berkeley. Interment prl- .
vate at Mountain View Cemetery.
HEINEMEYER— In this city September 8. I
1904. Elizabeth, beloved infant daughter of
Theodore and Marie Helnemeyer. a native of
- San Francisco, aged 10 days.
JACKSON— In this city. September 7. 10O4,
Augusta . E. Jackson, beloved wife of C. O.
Jackson. : and mother of Emma Christina
Jackson, and sister of'Mr*. W. P. Turner
ard Julia T., Lulu M. and Dorothy J. Smith,
a native of Navarro, Mendocino County,
. Cal., aeed 27 years 3 months and 20 days. ,
CirFrlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 11, at 9 a. m., from the mortuary
chapel of James Hagan * Co., 49-81 Duboco
avenue (formerly Thirteenth street), near
Valencia. Interment Mount-Olivet Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Nushagak, Alaska, August 25,
1004, Louisa C. beloved wife of P. H. John-
son, and loving mother of Otto C. Johnson, a
native of Sweden aeed 37 years 10 months
' and 55 days. .
ICFrlendw end acquaintances are resp>ct- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ,
(Friday), at 1:30 p. m., from the parlors of
( Craijr, Cochran & Co. 429 Golden Gate
I avfiii'ie, between Po'.k and Larkin streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JONES— In this city September 7, 180IJ Georg* :
C. dearly beloved husband of Annie A. .
Jones, and father of Mrs. Gf prge Taylor, ¦
Frank A. Jones, Mrs. W. H. Foreman. An- :
«el H. Jone3 and George C. Jones Jr.. a na-
tive of, St. John N. B. aged 67 year* 7
months and 13 days. .
C7Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully, invited to attend- the funeral services ,
Saturday. September 10 1904. at 1:30 p. m.,'i
at Central Methodist Church. Mission etreet, :
between . Sixth and Seventh. Interment .
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. j
! KENDRICK— In this city] September 8, 1904, .
Thomas J.. beloved ouebanct of Mary Ken-
drick. father of Frank Kendrick, loving son
j of Ellen and the late Thomas Kendrick, and
brother of Mary Bart, Nellie, Agnes and
Jo«*ph Kendrick and Mrs. J. C. Flood, & ¦
native of San Francisco. i
(CTTrUnds and acquaintances are respect- J
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Saturday), at 9:16 a. m.. from the residence
of his mother. 1202 Treat avenue, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repcee of his
soul at 9:15 a. m. Interment Holy Crois
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. }
1 KKTTLE— In this city, September 7, 1904,
John J.. dearly beloved son of the late Wil-
liam and Mary Kettle, acd brother of Mamie !
and William Kettle and .the late Winneford >
Kettle and Mrs. Michael O'Connor, a native j
cf San Francisco, aged 23 yeans ti months .
and to days. I
CyFriend* and, acquaintance are iespect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. rn.. frcm his late resi- 1
dence. 1026>4 Natoma street, thence *o St. ;
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a re-
quiem hl«;h mats will be celebrated fcr the !
r*r°se\of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. |
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '.
KINNET— In . thin city. S-ptember 8, 1004. !
Elizabeth, widow of th» late William J. i
Kinney. and dearly beloved mother of Annie
K. Lyons and Lellie M.. Edward F. and !
1 William J. Kinney, 'a native of County i
Cavan, Ireland, aged 70 yeais and 4 months. .',
(CTNotice cf funeral hereafter. !
KOLLN— In this city. September 7, 1904, John. I
beloved brother of Herman and Joe Koiln,
a native of Schlickbur* Holsteln, Germany^,,
i aged 62 years 2 months and 16 day.s. . «j
! ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day-
(Friday), at 2 p. m. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
OlSvet Cemetery.
; UWLER-in this city. September S, 1904. at
his residence, SM Steiner street. Francis,
lieloved husband cf Honora A. Lawler, and
father of rhllin, Mary and Francis J. ,
Lawler, a native of Ireland. . j
(IV A requiem hi£h mass will be celebrated
for the rerose of his bouI at Sacred Heart
Church to-morrow (Seturday), at 9:30 a. m.
. Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend the services. Interment
private. Kindly crrit flower*. .
LESTER— In Yountville. Napa County. Sep-
. trmber 8. 190*. Austin W. Lester, a native .
o*-N»w York. affe«]-(i3 years. -
CTFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. are respectfully invitel
to attend the funeral, which will be held
under the auspices of Gcorgq H Thcmas !
Post No. 2.T G. A. R., at their hall. 220
Golden Gate avenue, to-morrow (Saturday),
at 1 p. m. Interment George ' H.' Tho.v.as
Port plat. Nstional Cemetery. Presidio.
LOCH If BAD— In this city, SeMember S, 1004,
Rob«rt Lochh»ad, beloved »ion of the late
John p.nd Ci:rl»tir.a L^chhead, and brother
of t:hrlstina William?. John Lochhead, Mary
«5alll and Jessie Fleishman, ii native of San
Francisco, nged 40 years.
MacKREN— In Oakland. September 8 lOOt,
at 009 Fourth avenue, Samuel Wnrd Mac-
Keen, beloved father of Miss Catherine A.
MacKeen, Mrs. G. L Munro John W. Mac-
Keen of Minneapolis, Minn, E. T. MacKecn
of Sl'lr.ey. Nova Scotia, and Mrs. T. \V. C.
Ton-Mend, a native ot Nova Scotia, aged 8)
years.
MA1X)NE— In" Oakland September 8 1001,
Thomas F.. beloved son of Patrick and Mary
Ma lone, and brother of John J. Mary *
Lizzie and Nellie \ Ma'.one and the late
Thomas Patrick Malone, a native of Oak-
land, aged 0 months and C days.
MANN— In this city. September 8, 1904. Eu-
genia. Infant daughter of Frank and Louise
Mar.n.'a native of San Francisco.
MOHK— In this city. September 8. 1901.
Arthur, dearly Ix-Iuvcd and only child of
Allie and the late J. Henry Mohr, and be-
loved grandson of Henry and Susie Steffens,
a native of Uktah, Cal., aged 1 year 1
month end 5 days. - j :
£7Funeral private.
MOORE— In^ _ this city, September 8, 10O4, !
Claudine hlizabeth. dearly beloved and only |'
child of J. Edjrar and.I^oda A. Moore and
lovln* crandrhlld of Ceorre and Sarah
Iturntr end Mrs. Elizabeth Moore, a native,
0 j fc ?.U , 1< ' rarlciK< - 0 . «ced 2 years 11 months'
an iLv 0 , !? ays - 'Redding papers ple,ase copy.)
; rr r rlends an d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), September 10, at 9 a. m., from
the residence of her fcarentis, 40 Tremont
avenue, oft \\ a'ler street, between Ashbury
and Clayton. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. ¦
MURPHY— In this city. September 8, 1904,
/ John Murphy, a native of Ireland, asel 70
years.
O'BRIEN— In this, city. September 7. 1904.
%?*•£• J*ne L. O'Brien, mother of Mrs. Dr.
j c-. a - d> a native or Cornish. Me..
aged So years < months and 5 days. (Maine
papers please ccpy.) "
ICrFuneral services to-morrow (Saturday),
5 rh a< j*S;' t , l , ne P arI °rs.of Craig, Cochran
fit Co.,-. 4JS» Golden Gate avenue.; Cremation
private, at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city. September 8 1004, Shep-
pard B.. beloved son of Thomas and Carrie
Olson, a native of San, Francisco, aged 5
months and G days / . ,
STANTON— In this city. September 8. 1904,
Maria beloved wife of Charles H. Stanton
i«.,£, 1 1. T of , San .,, Francisco. .(Lydonvllle
J 0^!?" 1 of Lydonvllle. Vt., please copy.)
a£? R 7, I M', ln ?, can 1>e Vewed at her late resl.
denre 1032 Howard street, to-day (Friday)
"u\ 1 -x 30 p - m - Interment Sacramento, via
ihe 3:..O p. m. train.
1904, Hattie Hyman Sthreshley, daughter of
Presley C. Hyman. and sister of Mrs W. TV'.
X l months n and e 0 O da^ UfOnlta ' agCd W yea ™
;. SifTSSSt 9 ' fUneral In Saturday W orn-
STR.A.UB— \n thU city. Sept'ember f, 1904,^
Edward Vf\\ lam. dearly beloved and only
child of William and Emily Straub. a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 - months and" 17
• days. -
-ET" Friends and sco.uaintances are respect-
f^M . Vl « d * to attend the -funeral -to-day
(Friday). September 0, at 1:30 p.m.. from
the residence of his parents, 433 Franklin
street, _corner Fulton. ; Cremation Odd Fel-
lows Cemeterr. Please omit flowers.
VAN HOUSEN— In Hilton, Sonoma - County,
Cal.. September 5, 1904. William, beloved
husband of Mary L.-Van Housen.. and father
of Marlon Van Housen and . Mrs. : C. A.
Gregory, a native of ' New York, aged - 75
years. . - ¦ . ' : -¦ '; ¦ ' ¦
ICFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully : invited to . attend - the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 a. m.. from Masonic Temple,
corner of ;• Pest :¦. and ¦¦> Montgomery streets,
.; under -the' ausDlces of Excelsior I/)d« No.
lCrt. F. and A. M. Interment Odd Fellows'
I • Cemetery. .
VROOMAN — In Oakland. Septembar . 7.
' 1904. Susan M. ' Vrooman, dearly • beloved
... mother of Mrs. Benjamin Crandell, and
... grandmother of Mrs. J. Sliulz, a native of
' New_ York. ".-.. -'. ,.;¦;..' .'.-•.. ••¦ \-;
: (CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited . to attend the .- funeral services
Friday; September 9, - 1904. ; at • 2 .'p. nV . at
the residence .'of- Benjamin Crandell, 1039
Denntson street. Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. .
5*^ v ( • * • .^^^^^^^^^^^^^rf^r
<> — BM «.n.-.i. m .w,MmM»iLi.iLa. umi.i.ui | | '¦'¦"¦ » ¦¦» ullMTraaBMlim ¦ Jll III ,\
S
S K. Atkinson Fox painted the beautiful p'cture the SUNDAY CALL wffl give to o
S „ - all its readers FREE nex^ Sunday, Septsmber 11, 1904.
§ * The subject, is a mother and her bobs'. Frcm the beautiful composition the g
y ' - folio win 3 reduced ssct : on is given in co!d black and white.
1 S V ¦- ¦¦ . ' ,5,
Q. O
I MY WIFE AND CHILD. g
g The sweetest sight ( on earth, [*S
S Like which there 'is no other. g
§"* Is a true-hearted mother. #
His love for her no man *
8 ¦¦¦• In anywise can smother, 3
. For who e'er was or can g
rt ' • Be dearer than one's mother? O
§ ' What peace the sound affords — X
*Jk. 9 What joy, brought by no other! , -^ &
S • Your copy will be in ail the colors of the original painting. It 'will be 10x14 inches, '» 8
« size suitable for framing and hanging on any wall of any room in your house. It is a home g
g subject, delicate, bright in color and full of home feeling. ~
ST " YOU WILL WANT THIS PICTURE. PLACE YOUR ORDER EARLY. PRICE «jc gCHICAGO, Sent. 8. — Easy. cables and much
larger local receipts than -had been expected
caused a rather tame . opening in wheat, ; th*
December - option belnx unchanged to >ic
lower at $liO6% to $1 06%.. Ssveral promi
nent commission houses vwere active bidders, at
the decline and with only light offerings the
market quickly developed a strong undertone.
At th* session advanced the buying became
general, resulting In additional, strength.
main ' factor in the situation was the ex
tremely ¦ bullish news from. the Northwest. A
report from Minneapolis stated that threshing
murns showed an exceedingly light yield of
wheat and that the movement of 'new spring
wheat will be necessarily light, as urgent farm
work will ' prevent free deliveries before cold
weather. A- good milling demand wu reported
from the Northwest, and j this fact had a stim
ulating effect on • tbe speculative .trading here."
Heavy -selling of May by big" operators, was
readily taken. - The -market closed, practically
at the highest. After selling at $1 08 H',". De
cember closed %c higher at $1 08%. -..--¦ w
A , flrm i undertone • pervaded- the corn • market.
December Closed, up H@%c at 52% #5.2 He.;,— "
Trading" In bats. was. of moderate volume.
December" closed *K(P\ic up- at 32*i^33c. . - •#-»
¦ Additional Indications of a break In the strike
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
¦ WHEAT — The foreign markets were flrm,
with higher futures.
Chicago was l&c higher on the day. Min
neapolis wired: "We are getting the worst
kind of threshing 'returns from the -North
west." ¦'¦¦ \:-;vv*
In this market sellers - tried to get an ad
vance for cash grain, but did not succeed.
There was considerable selling pressure in the
pit as traders did not want to carry much
business over the coming three closed days.
* -The. Grain Exchange • stands adjourned to
Monday. . ¦ .
• < CASH WHEAT.
California Club. , $14001 48%; California
'White Australian.-- $1 55<fl 61%; V Northern
Club $1 40G1 48%; Northern Bluestem. $1 52 ij
"fll per.ctl. • -•
, V; FUTURES.
Session '9 to. 11:30 a. m. ..
. • Open. - High.* -. Low. Close.
December ...$1 «% $1 49^ $1 49% $1 49%
2 p. va. Session. ; S \ '"•'
¦ . ••- •' OpenI . High. Low. Close.
December ...$149% $1 49% $1 49V4 $1 49%
BARLEY — There. was nothing new yesterday.
-Fair sales -of ; cash -grain were made at un
changed-prices.-; In tb* pit traders sold freely,
as they, did not. want 1 ; to carry, much business
over the • coming '¦ three . days' ¦ holiday. Tne
Grain Exchange adjourned to Monday.
. CASH BARLETT. '.
Feed. $1 05®l 08%; new Brewing and Ship
ping. $1 12V4«117%:' Chevalier. $1 17fc®l 30,
per ctl. ... V - FU^ RES .- % ;I
Session 8 ' to , 11 :30 a. ; m. > v ,
-Open." High. .Low.-. .. Close.
December .. : ;fl-O9H':$l-<»*4 , $1 09^\ U'OOtf
2 p.. m. -Session.
Decembeiwfl'09U.' '= -';. - v: v v^
OATS — There !was nothing new In the iitu»^
*tion . yesterday,- the market -. being (Irmly held,
with the regular > local \ demand. ••'-.- ¦ .-< -v
White. $1 37V4»1 47"^; Surprise, $1 5001 60:
Red $1 22>4«1 42'^' for « feed? and $1 37>^®
1 47 Vt for seed;- Black,- $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 5fl<81 «5 for seed.. ., i . . ..
CORN— Is qukst at • the l weaker ' quotations
already = noted, :• with ', We«tern • descriptions of
fered- to » arrive 1 with considerable freedoinr- ¦:.':
sacked. 45 for -Yellow,
$1 47H©1 60, for .White, and- $1 37>4#l 40 for
Mixed; .California' large i. Yellow,; $1 60; small
round do, $1 55@1 «2V4; White, nominal' Egyp.
Wheat, and Other Grains.
Trading continued quiet on all Use exchanges '
and noteworthy variations were few. Ha- '
wailan Commercial was higher at $81 and
Makawell was also firm at $28 79. There was
more firmness In the Tonopahs.
All the exchanges stand adjourned to Mon
day. :* ' •
The Porter Slough Ditch Company has levied
an assessment of 22e, delinquent September 26;
Central California Redwood Company, one of
$5. delinquent September 28.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Central Eureka
Mining Company of California, regular month
ly 10c per share, amounting to $40,000; Ea
peranza Oil Company, regular monthly, lc per
share, amounting to $1250.
The Calumet and Arizona Copper Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
$150 per share. ¦¦ .
Th» American Sugar Company has declared
the regular quarterly dividends of 1*4 P«r eent
on both the preferred and common stocks, pay
able October 3. ¦ • "
1 The Anglo-Ollfornlan Bank, Ltd., has just
paid n ' dividend, regular semi-annual, on th«
capital stock of the corporation, at the rate of
6 per cent; amounting to $44,955. This Is the
name rate as that for the first half of 1903.
the late for the year being Increased to. 8 per
cent by the declaration of an extra dividend
of 2 per cent at the end of the year.
' The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Fracdsco for July. 1904. . are officially
given at ! $535.1*6 an - Increase- of $33,079 as
compared. with July, 1003. The gross earnings
tor - the seven months ended July • 31. 1904.
were $3,747,134. an Increase of $280,337 over
the corresponding period last year.
Sales on the California Exchange this week
were 9604 snares, valued -at $3622. the leading
salej- being as follows: Associated Oil. 280O
shares; Four, 1000: Independence. 4000; Apollo,
700; Junction and Oil Clty.500 each.
STOCK AND BOND ¦¦. EXCHANGE
. THURSDAY. Sept. $—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ¦
Bid." Ask. j ' Btd. Ask.
4s qrcoup.--107 - Ifl7«ii4s qr cp new.l31«il32%
4s qr reK..;106 106% 1 8s qr' coup... 1WH
MISCELLANEOUS ' BONDS. .
Ala A W 5s. — — ""|Oak T Co 6e.ll8 — .
Asso Oil 6s. 70 70H . Do 6s 110«4 —
Bay CPC 6s.l00 /— DoconBs. — ,ltX5
CalC G 6s. — 1 103}j Oceanic 8 6«. "— „ 75 .
Cal GA E g- ' Om Cable 6s.l22Vj — '
>. m A ct 5s. 81 — Pac O Im 4». 95 . —
Cal-st C fm.lUU, .— • P E Ry -6s..U*ttlM
C C Wat 6s. —.•.— P.AC H 6s. 104
¦ EdL'A P 69,123 |P"A O R «e.lU —
No Moris Business on the Ex
changes Till Monday. ¦
STOCK MAEKET.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 65H
Sterling Exchange, sight - — 4 8i"i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88^
New York Exchange, sight ....... — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07H
Silver, per ounce... — 56%
Mexican Dollars. 45 @ 45>4
INTERNATIONAL.
New York' on Mexico ....%..... 215VJ
Berlins on London ¦....:... .20.43V*
Paris on London 25.23
Changes in financial quotations continue
narrow. •' ' .
The Coptic took out for Hlogo a treasure list
of $272 900. consisting of $120,000 in Mexican
dollars and $152,900 in silver bullion, , -
Exchange and Bullion.
There was Increased activity for fresh fruits,
ae buying for "ordinary routine requirements
was unusually ' heavy owing to the continu
ance of the hot summer weather, and besides
most dealers were stocking in anticipation of
an extra demand during the holidays. Water
melons still led In point of demand and avail
able supplies were cleaned up during ths early
trade at sharply advanced prices. Several cars
that arrived late were being disposed of as
fast as they -. could be hauled to the stores.
Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were flrm for
choice lots, but poor and soft Melons, which
were plentiful, were inclined to easiness. Aside
from Figs, which were In excea&lve supply and
weak, all kinds of small orchard < fruits were
flrm and prices r showed but slight variation:.
Grapes moved freely, but prices had a down
ward tendency, as supplies were too-heavy^ for
the market to readily • absorb. " Receipts of
Strawberries ¦ from . the Watsonville region In
cluded much . sun-cooked stock, which had to
be sold ' at low prices. Otherwise the Berry
market was In good shape. Citrus Fruits con.
tinned active. Mexican . Limes and . Lemons
were higher, stocks -of both being very light.
STRAWBERRIES— $1@3 per chest for large
varieties and $?»!.% for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $1 5C&3 50 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@S per chest
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7®9c per lb.
APPLES— $1 lOifll 50 per box for fancy, 85c
S$l for choice and 50#75c ifor common; Crab
Apples, nominal. • -.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1«1 25 per box; Win
ter Nellis, 90c©$l 35; other winter varieties,
50(6 75c per box. ¦ , .- . -
PEACHES-rSmall boxes. 45©S5c, Includlns
carriers; open boxes,' $1Q1 &0 for' large and
60«75c for small. " .
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 60485c per crate
and 40@60c per small box: open boxes, 50c@$l.
POMEGRANATES — 75c#$l 60 per box.
NECTARINES — Nominal.
QUINCES — 35060c per box.
FIGS — Black. S5®75c per box; White. 25@4Oc
per box. - • ¦ •"
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 75c© $1 25 per crate;'
Nutmeg Melons, 25® 50c per box; Watermelons,
$2 5005 per dozen. I'W" 1 1 1 ) 1 t imllVI*ill' [| ' m 1
GRAPES — Small .'. boxes -and crates: Seed
less" 40@50c; Tokay; 50t$?5c; Muscat. 40©75c;
Isabella, 75c; Black. 30960c; Sweetwater. 35®
40c. Large open boxes — Black. «J(X58fic: To
kay, $101 25- Muscat 75c©$l; • Sweetwater,
60©S5c: Wine Grapes. $14018 per ton.
CITRUS - FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50S?)3 v per
box, for Valenclas; Lemons/? $2 60®3 50 fcr
fancy $1 75©2 25 for choice and $1@1 50 for
standard; Grape Fruit. $2@3: Mexican Limes,
$5 60©6 per ; case; r - Bananas. $1 25<$J. per
bunch for Central "American and 78c@$l 25 for
Hawaiian ; ' Pineapples.'' $204 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 8.
Flour qr sks... 5.3901 Straw, tons-,.... 4T
Wheat. cOs 8.720 Hope, bales 41
Bavl«-y ctls 61.508 Wool, bales S4
Oats, ctls 3,136 Tallow, ctls 204
Beans, sks 149 Leather; rolls ... 30
Potatoes sks ... 3.3C8 Hides, No 707
Onions, sis 1.770 Pelts. No ., 667
Bran, sks l.«2* Lime, bbls 273
Middlings, sks .. WBjWlne. gals 49.560
Hay. tons 480; Quicksilver, flsks. 337
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls ..... 4.eoo!Hops. bale* 38
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks... 7.876! Oats, ctls 1,851
Wheat, ctls ..... 644|
Receipts pf Produce.
Foreign Futures: '_, . : .
LIVERPOOL. -• . • • i
" Wheat- • >£•. ¦ . ' r : I : * '¦ ' .' ' "S^:. ?* c i.
Opting ...!.;.:.;;.:..•../.— J VA .| *%
cibsing :...¦.;....¦:;.:..." 7 2% 7 4%
j ': ¦ " ' ' ' V' PARIS.'
Wheat—. ' Sept. ; Jan.-Apl.
Opentnl ..:...:......'....... 22 « 23 85
Closing .................... 22 45 - 23 95
op^ninT 7 . • : • • '. • • • • • • ••••••• 52 5J »¦
Closing .........>...... r. . 30 10 3140
¦'St. L'ouis Wool Market.
ST, LOUIS, • Sept. 8.— WOOL— Firm. Me
dium ' grades, combing and clothing, 20©26c;
light fine. lfr@20c; heavy fine, 12(8>lCc; tub
wa*ed, 22@35c.-, . . .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 8.— WHEAT — Export:
Walla Walla 77c; Bluestem. S2c; Valley, 83c.
Shipping for East— Walla Walla, 80c; Blue
j stem, 8&c.
. ."WASHINGTON.
I TACOMA, Sept. .8.— WHEAT- Steady, un
;. changed. Bluestem, 82c; Club, 77c
| Northern. Business.
- SEATTLE. Sept. 8.— Clearings, $894,298;
balances. $161,556. " .,«,'-^,
TACOMA. Sept. 8.— Clearing*. • $3.62,381;
I *PORt'LaND, Sept. 8.— Clearings, $873,216;
1 balances. $140,906. . . A
i SPOKANH. ' Sept. . 8.— CTearings, $469,094;
balances $68,036.
> NEW YORK. Sept. -8. — The London tin mar
ket was unchanged . for spot, wnich closed at
£126 17s 6d, while futures were a shade higher
at £1°6 7a 6d. The New York market, how
ever was easier in ten e, with prices held a
rhao'e lower at $27 60©27 65 -
CoDuer remains unchanged In the local mar
ket with lake at $12 62HC12 75; electrolytic,
it $12 60#12 75. and casting at $12 37<4@12 50.
The London market was a little higher, closing
at £57 7s 6d for spot, and at £57 8s 0d for
U j>ad was unchanged at £11* 13s 9d in Lon
don and at $4 20Q>4 30 in theMocal- market. .
Spelter also was unchanged In both markets,
closing at £22 12s 6d in ' London and at
15 06% in the. loeal market.
Iron closed at 60s 3d . In Glasgow and at
•3s 4%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron is un
changed.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8. — FLOUR, — Receipts,
23,100 barrels; exports, 4100 barrels. Firmly
held, with fair demand.
WHEAT- Receipts. 40,200 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, $1 18 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. $1 26 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened lower because of poor cables and
foreign selling, but quickly rallied with-West
ern markets. The close here was lVj^lUe
above last night. May $1 10*4^1 12U. closed
$112>4.- September SI 11*i?fl 13. closed $1.13;
December $1 10«iei 12V4. closed $1 12V4.
HOVS— Firm. ?>.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — The market, for coffee futures
closed steady at unchanged prices, to '5 points
advance. Sales, 44,780 bags. September, 8.56
©fl.60c; October. 6.60c; December. 6.75@6.B0e:
January. 6.»0c; March, 7.05®7.10c; May, 7.25©
7.35c; July. 7.45@7.60c; spot, cteady.
SUGAR — Raw, steady: refined, steady.
BUTTER — Firm, unchanged.-.
CHEESE— Steady unchanged.
EGGS — Firm. Western fancy, 21«4(f?22c:
Western average best. 20@21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Easier. " Common;
4®5c; prime. 6%<86fic; choice. 6®6^c; fancy,
7<S'7Hc.
PRUNES — Are In light demand. Quotations
range from 2c to C^e. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are In demand, but coast ad
vices state that sellers are anklng more money
and as yet this has had a tendency to limit
.actual . traneactions. Choice, 9%@10c; extra
choice. 10^©10%c; fancy. 12®13c.
PEACHES — Are net plentiful and the mar-,
ket rules flrm. • Choice, 7V4©7%c; extra choice,
.S@SV»c; fancy. 9H@10c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Business In all three descriptions under this
head continues of a holiday character. In fact,
there have been only two fnll business days
this week, aa to-day will be a holiday and
Saturday Is never better than half a day at
this time of the year. . Dealers continue to
complain of the general dullness. The Butter
now, coming in from the Interior creameries U
generally in soft and poor condition owing to
the hot wave, but the northern coast* goods
are thus far holding their own pretty well,
though some of them even are soft." Strictly
choice Butter and Eggs continue steady.' while
the medium and lower grades are dragBln?
somewhat, as already stated. ¦ All quotations
stand the same. . The Cheese market continues
overstocked and demoralized.
' Receipts were r»o.-T 0 lbs Butter, 709 cases
Eggs and 6200 lbs Cneesi,
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 23«$©
26Mic for extras and 24@25c for firsts; dairy,
19622 V4c; etore Butter I5@18c; Eastern cream
ery. \9li@20c; Eastern ladle-packed, 14®15Hc
per lb.
CHEESE — 9fiO>4c for choice mild new and
6®8%c for lower grades: Young Americas, 11(9
imc; Oregon Si&lOe; Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 34@35c for large white ee
lected, 32V4®33^c for choice and 30@32c for
.common; cold storage. 27 ®2Sc; store. 25®27c;
Eastern 25@27c foe firsts, - -1*3 23c for seconds
and 2Of$21c for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. 6ept. 8 — The mixed strength
1 - 1 weaxs«£s of the stock market again con
tinued to-<ay, but the strength predominated.
Tbe speculative forces which ar« befclnd th*
; •'f-.i rise seem<ed t<> be accumulatlas more
flocks than th*y w«re distributing, as ara'.net
the deminast tendency to take profits which
¦ ¦:*—.ft yesterday's market. But the mixed
process was still going on. That is to say
sales were rr-ade in one cuarter under ths
purtaJaing lefiuenee of buying In different qu^r
t»Tt. Tbe news of the cay was not unfavor
able to values, but it was of a general charao
t«r and did not account for the dlsproportioa
au •uresrth of special storks. The early mar
ket saar a continuance of yesterdays strength
'r th* Eteel stocks. United States Et«el pre-
• i was lifted a foil poi&l to the bi?be«t
l~'tt «m the present movement. A good ef
fort w*m rrodu'.ed by the Augoat figures of
<"utr*Jt and ronsumptlon of Ima. showing an
• ; »-s:cr. of 50,000 tons !n the weekly capacity
cf the furcaoea. and a reduction of 160,000 tons
•n the stocks at U>e furnaces. Tbe reported
r'.adcjr of a large order by the Japanese Gov
• - ~..*z.i tar rt«el plates was also a favorable
•r.2uTOoe. This evl4eno» that tbe Improvement
la dct&ard had «»t in in August serves to
n=T«tlfy wmewhtt the WaU-etreet sentiment
ward the policy of t£« *u»imaker« in cutting
prices ta > <•: i' mber In order to stimulate a
• r\ ¦ . t! of df-maad. Dnfted Kts>t«s Steal pre
ferred dropped Into tbe background later la
the tzy and the leadership of the market
r< • ¦<—¦ ¦ '. to Reatflnr. Tbere was a ratber dis
tire« Hnm of demarcation between the Eastern
end Western rsltme.de in the vubsequent deal
• tr. Ibe roalera seem«d to be lavored oa
U>> »--•¦•<• that the rastrtctton in the ar.thra
ttt* '•¦:•;¦.•'. .r July aad Augnst left a good
Arid' lor tren«9t from th* aurumn demand, now
• >;¦• ••»-s to develop eooa. The reramption of
:ull time tn th* Petmart*s>nia shops was re
1 • '"i urn an indication of improrement la the
trunk line field, and tbe increase ta grot* earn
ings for August tor Nrw York Central, al
tbtiugh reported yesterday, seems to be re
lertMl ta in esQnutUnc; ths conditions for
Eastern railroads. Tr.* VTMtns railroads, oa
tba other hand, were inclined to hang back.'
< rep . : • • : *-r.::«-» rr.ny have lt-»n an influ
ence en thrn,. But a more evident factor was
tt»- dnubt aroused by Uie large selling of tbe
I'nctnes yesu-rdsjr and tbe suspicion that it
r«-pre»ent*d inasde liquidation. Tb« time mon
«¦* market was lbcliced to harden nominally.
Itrterior demands for funds are growing, and
II. MX 1 , 000 will be transferred to-morrow
tt.rocgb ths sub-tre&sury to Ran FrancJsao,
•"Jrpo*»dly for use In coen^ction with rail
rr<.(j expenditures in tb* West. Tbe market
"•'."**& iT»ffuiar.
V.trf.* were firm. Total sales, par value,
$s.s;e,on».
Vnited States registered 2s 4ee!in<d H oa
, yU islsWpWaBsiBpBMhBsVMBMHBH
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E F. Ifutton A Co.. 490 California ttreet.
f-«i» Franclsoo, members of the New York
t 'ock Exchange, furnish tbe following efacial
-. .->. tat loss at that Ex charge:
I Etock*-^" Bid. Ask.
'.:¦:•:* Express 225 235 ,
Aro&l Copper ... 6» t8U 5S«4 6X%
Amer Caa 4H «S
I Dop«4 T 47% 47}t
.\ssfT O A F Co. 20»i 2O«4 2O>4 20'^
'¦'-> Ihj pfd R9 7»*» 7»«i 60
¦• " Amtr *.at Oil ... 32% 31U 31<i 82%
I tJo ofd 81 %>*
• - Araer Irtt Tele.. 22 23
Amer Ex 210 214
Ara»r O TwO... 5«4 6|i
='*«Atn#r Hi- L...| «'i 4 4»i 4»*
"•"' Itu r>?d 20 J * 20>* 20 21
Ire ..... ««i «•» «H 6%
'<"• Ur, r fd n 27 V>\ 27».»
luu Amn :.'.-.¦• 1 .. 12 12 12 13
-.;¦¦' Ut> pfd 28 30
• •"t.Anjcr Loco""... --S. 22 22 If2ti
'•*** \>u pfd ,...'.'.'. 91 30% Ofl^i »1«4
iArn^T Matt *.".... 1 .....I..:".. 4 '4V»
.•••••.I S>, j,f 4 j 19 21
••;"'^'"" fc * r Co «7$, w;«4 tm, 67»i
»' Vf, rm io7*» 107 lors 107*;
2.000 Amer. *c c ,,. ... uj J30U lOO^i ISfiS
i Jy> J'ffl 134 140 .
fAn:er T A T Co f 137 139
b^b^b^b^b^bBbIbHbBHbMHbBbIb^bbbIs^bb^bbW ss—i i ¦ i 111 i iiisbT 1 "
New York Stock Market.
NEW TOBK, Sept. 8. — Close: ~iiaaty on call,
easy st 1 \<r cent, clnelcg bid and offered at
1 per cent. Tisie leans, firmer. Sixty days, 2
per cent; 00 days, 2*4^2% per cent; six
months. ' y '—'4.?\ per ceaC
Prime mercantile paper. 3*44J>4 per cent.
Sutrlinr exchange, «rteady. at a decline, with
amual business in baskere' bills at $4,879
i -:¦¦*• for demand and at $4~84.&O@4.84.66 for
rtxty day tiliw posted rates. I4.$5fe«r4.%8;
•' " *'< :p. \ bills. $4.&4^4 .
Bar • :. wr. .'f'.o.
¦¦'¦ i:'i-n dollars, 46^4o.
Oevernicent bends, steady; rail read bood*.
f.rm. \
\ r ezv York Money Market.
Futures closed dull, but steady. September,
10.62c; October. 10.30c: November, 10.33c: De
cember, 10.38c; January, -10.40c: February,
10.43c; March, 10.47c; April, 10.40c; May.
10.62c.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8.— Cotton — Spot closed
dull 5 polnt« lower. Middling Uplands,
11.20c; Middling Gulf, 11.45c. Sales. 84 bales.
Futures opened firm; September, 10.92c; Oc
tober. 10.48c: December, 10.53c; January,
10.54c; February, 10.55c; March, 10.60c; May.
10.64c.
New York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8.— To-day's state
ment of tbe treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in ths division of redemption shows:
Available cash balance. $148,100,293; goid,
$52,091,325.
Cash in the Treasury .
vMsc&lanemis Markets.
¦ Trade in the Poultry market was rather
quiet, as the continued hot weather checked
the consumptive • demand considerably, and
aside from large Hens, which were wanted for
the Jewish holidays, all descriptions were
weak." Prices, however, were unchanged. An
other'car of Western came In. making- the flfth
for the week. -and .-(he receipts of local stocX
were -about 80 coeps, A (Portion, of. the- r«
celpts of Game showed- the- effects of- the hot
weather, being more or less tainted, and some
had to be thrown away. Even good sound
stock " was ' lower. .. ':.'..'
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15® 18a per lb
for old and. 22@21<;.. for., young; Geese,
per pair, $1 75£2; , Goslings, ... $2®2 25;
Ducks |4&4 50 per dozen for old and $4 50
©5 50 for young; Hens. $4 50®5 for small
and $5 6O®6 for large; young Roosters. $5 50
<20; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $494 50;
Broilers, $2.50@3: Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for
olo . and $1 60®l 78 for Squabs. -
GAME: — Wild Doves. 50075c per doaen: Hare-.
*1«1 26 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 259
1 75 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
¦ OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Liweed. 57c per gallon for boi>d ana
56c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA cases ,$1.1001 12; Luc©!, 50c for
boiled and "48c fo r - raw; China Nut. case*.
«3©S0c per gallon;. Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
OScfor Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68e: natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached wln:*r Wta>
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75s; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoet XM1, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OH.
63c: light Herring Oil 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon OH S4c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. la bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 19%c: Astral. 19%c;
Sur. 19Vic: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c: Eo>,
cene 23c; Deodorized Stare Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; In case*. 22^c; Benslne. In bulk. We: in
cases. l!(»ic; S6-degree Gasoline, in hulk. 25c;
In cases, 31c. ! '.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead., 1K9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7}4©7f4e. accordlc*
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. la ICO-lb bugs:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 0.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. «.10c; Dry
Granulated. One. ec; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c; Fruit ' Granulated. 6c; B*et Granu
lated (100- lb bags only). : Confectioners'
A. 6c; Magnolia A 5.60c; Extra C. 5.60c;
Golden C, 5.40c; "D," 6.30c; barrels, 10c mere;
half barrels. 23a more; boxes. 50<s raort: 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. A EJ. Crystal
Domlnos. 9c per lb. No orders taken for leas
than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags $5 18©5 25: San Qcen
tln J4 75; Wool Bags. 30®32c: Fleece TwlBe.
7U*c; Fruit Bags. «%97V4c for white and 7e
for brown. Jute. ¦ . . •«¦ . ¦'
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, *S: Seattle. $6 50;- Bryant. $3 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. *7; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Richmond 17 50: Cumberland. *13 in
bulk and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Weleh Lump $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton;
Coke, $11 5O©13 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks. Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 50 per
short ton. „ . .
General Merchandise.
Cons for money.. 88H NY Central. ....127 ',
¦ Do for acct.... 88H Nor A Western... 70*41
Anaronda 4>* Do pfd -.'• ...... 82
Atchison R4H Ont A. Western... 34%
Do of d 101 •"¦ Pennsylvania .... 65
Bait A Ohio M.H Rand Mines JO**
Can Pacific . 12fl'i Reading 83*4:
Ches A Ohio 42% Do 1st pfd 43%
.Chi Great West.. 16V4 Do 2d pfd.....: 3SU
ChU Mil A Bt P.161U So Railway ..... 3IV4
De Beers 18"Ul Do pfd .... *>7H
Den. A Rio G 26% I So Pacinc ....... P»M,
Do pfd ..81 Union Pacific ....1031%
Erie 30% Do pfd 99 '.
Do rfd .-..". «8V4 U S Bteel 14^
Do 2d pfd...... 45 I Do pfd «m
111 Central- ......143 tWnbash 21«4
.Louis A. Nash.... 12« I • Do pfd 42
M. K A Texas 4«. 23«i| SBanish;4« 87Vi
i^Bar sllrer— Quiet. 26 3-16d p«r-" ounce.
Money — I\i<g2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for.
chort bills is 2'A62*» per cent and for three
months' bills 2 8-16@2tt per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
The Current Holidays.
To-day being AOsiisslon flay and a laffal
hciilay. buslnoes »-i!l- b« suspended throughout
lie S:&tc As the Grain and Stock exchanges
r.s.v« a.:', voted, to remain clo«ed oa Saturday,
there - |U be very little buzinesa In this city
tt« remainder of th« weak. The banks will
be cpea U>-bsottow as lauaL
Wall Street Tips.
The prtwt* X«r York wires of B. F. HW
tca A Co. yesterday said:
"It Is not believed that the market will b*
allowed to break. b«t on the contrary will coa.
tir.ee to receive subctastial eupport. as all
the big operators aad largest market interests
mtSi taaizeaia a very confidential belief in
durcaM^y higher prices.
"Ths men of i&.ooo men oa the PeBnsyl
rasia v.r.es to full time is the best Indication
•f returning: prosperity. A great change for
tfce better will be noted aaortly In the steel
iEdurstry. which will carry all steel and Iron
r — -.-¦' to a much higher leveL We adrlse
purchases of aU good securities on any soft
epeta."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Ucte eiaJl adrice« from New York say:
Trade in Raisins was continued wtthla
rtther narrow limits and developments of fresh
Interest w*re few. As a result of the oon
rwrtiens offered from certain quarters, as
noted :n our last. *one bUElness haa been done,
but the derraii!! is by no means general and the
transactions so far as can be learned have not
t#*n of Important dimension. The aales mads
»ere for November- December shipment oa the
'Vatis of 4%e for iancy seeded f. o- b. eoasc
to Jsr opening offerings at less than 8c
f . o. b. • Coaet for fancy ne*w crop seeded are
eotiftred t» very few sellers, but telegrams
frorn the coast indicate an lncxeajda* preeaure
for orders unosr other than ths larger pack
ert, which '.n too* quarters is thought to
j>res*ge a genera! reduction of orloes. There
if •* cor.Flderable iaquiry .for Peaches for lm
jrediate shipment from the coast, but there is
xery I'.tti* «tock offering -from any quarter.
It > doubtfel if less than 7c f. o. b. would be
accepted for choir* and U U reported that some
rsefcerc have turned down Wds of that-n^vre.
Apricots are war.ted to some extent, bat we
•8' of nochins effertoc below S^c f. o. b,
for choice Rcj'als in 25-Tb boxes for prompt
fhipsiftit from the ooast. wbile buyers do not
wrpt to pay more than 8c For Prunes the
¦•« r. .«•„-.-; contlnuea !lpht acd the market le un
.-¦•': with a weak undertone. It is hinted
In torre quarters that the rery low prices men
tioned rrcent!>- are (riven oat more with the
hope of aJfectinx- the views cf holders of new
¦ ¦ ; fruit !n the Santa Clara Valley than with
a -gurpoee to effect sales.
EASTEBX MAEKETS.
\ * MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. A«k.
Bay CPC «s. 93% — I 3 P C R 4s. — 10©
B L Wat 6s. — ,U7%IS P Co 4%slC0% —
Cal NW 3».. — 113 I Sun Tel 6s... — 115
M C Wat 6s.l00 — I Do 5s .....104 > —
Ri» I Wks 6s — 1C5 I Suttr-at R5s.lO4 —
SF A NP 5s.Hl 112 1 L'R of SF 4s. 84% S4H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. T.-
Ala S Co. .. 26 SO I LonA 8F Bk. — «0
Amer Bis Co — 80 I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal- Cot Mils 80 — rNev Nat Bk.197% —
Cal G&ECor. W> 49 I N S R R Co. 9 1 -* — ¦
C Jcekey C1.11O — IN Cal P Co. — 0*4
Cal Powder.. — 150 Oak Rk Sav.120 —
Cal chip Co. — 25 ! Oak T Con. .75 — .
Cal T I A T. — 165 I I OOF Hall A «% "—
Cen Bk Oak — <5 t)rph*um Co.. — 13V»
Chutes Co .. — 6%: PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City A C Bk — 120 I Pac Sur Co.lM — •
Cyp L Imp.. — 6TfclParaf Paint.. 39 ' •-
East Dynro..3OO — IS F Drydeck. 60 —
Dpntpwd pfd 75 SO I 8F&SJ Coal.. 17% 20
Do com .. — 80 IS J Wat Co. 103% —
FN Bk Oak. 120 — t SO A MT«rbt.l25 —
Fischer TMr 40c C3c ISwls«-A BU-.U^ - —
Frnch-A Bk.lCS — I Truck Elect.. 11% —
Gas Con A.. — 20%lUR InC pfd. 55% S»
Hi^-'ii P Co.. 25 r* I Do com ... 14 ¦ —
Do pool .. — 27%|
»ALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
«2 TOO United R R of S F 4s. b 10. . . . 84 S*
$3,000 United R R cf S F 4a. b 6...: 84 50'
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oii Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo ;"... »j 41.
Associated Trust Certiflcate. 20 21
Caribou 6 00
Centra! Point Con 60 .
darement 7* 0*>
Four y ¦• ,5?
Fulton ,.../. 1 CO
Hanferd 103 00
Horn* * 130
Imperial 1« 73
Independence 31
Junction • 04 . C3 ,
Kern - » W> •••-•
Kern' River 12 7»
Monarch fof Arizona) 40
Monte Crlsto «2
Occidental of W. Va 08 JT
Oil City Petroleum 54 &}
Sterling 2 25 N . . . .
Superior - 04 '1'IZ
Tblrty-Thre« - ¦ «¦
Miscellaneous— m
Cal. Jockey Club «* W '
Fischer's Theatsr ¦• •»
Truckee Electric U W !
SALES.
Hornina- Session.- s",
JCOO Independence • •*
« Hanford W* «•
10 Paauhau *• f*
10O Cal. Jockey Club U2 60
ICO Flsch<T"s "J
500 Junction *
500 Apollo ••• *»
Afternoon Session.
300 Oil City Petrotaora —.— - W
100 Oil City Petroleum ••— 5|
100 Oil City Petroleum W
4T BuperloT ••••••? !J?
2S«O Associated j*
500 Pour "•
Mining Stocks.
SAN rRANCISOO STOCK KXCHAXOB.
Followicg w«r« the sales on thm Bma Fraa
clsco Stock and Bxchaa»« Board ye«tera»y:
Morning 8«««loa.
ICO Belcher 3«l WO J«li» .~ 1*
lOO Caledonia...- fl«» 100 Jnli* »
1™ Caledonia!:... 67110OO K«t«ck -.— 06
SOO ChoUar U\ 700 Potort 1*
100 Con C A V.I 0»!
Afternoon Session.
coo Belcher 241 100 Ownnaa ..... »
lOOOphlf a2S[ 20OTJplon Cdik... 41
PACXJIC STOCK EXCHANOU.
Following wers th» sales on tbm Pacifta
Stock Cxehang* yesterday:
Mornlav Besaion.
400 Cnollar 15 SCO Kentuek ...... M
MO Con imperial. 02 100 Mexican ....1 93H
MO CrowrTPolnt.. 18 100 Potosi ........ 1*
200 Crown Point.. 17 200 Seg B«lch«r... U
500 Gould A Cur. 22 100 Sierra tilt. ...
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes' « JW Ophi r * K%
200 Bo.t A B«L1 n% 100 Overman ..... «
¦sort Con NY .... 07 10O Potosi 14>
MO Gould A Cur. 32 10OO Yellow Jacket. 19
TONOPAH MININO EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th* San Fran*
clsco and Tonopah Mlnlnj; Exchan«« yeaterdaj:
Morning Session.
2OO Brunswick .. l«l 600Reseu« 1*
MO Columbia M! 20» Ton Belmont.. 80
MO oSSS-ld Mln. 73) 100 Ton Belmont 61
200 MacNamars, . 30| BOO Ton Exten.-l 12t,
400 MaeVamara . 3 » 1000 Ton Great W. 0*
100 MacNamara . 32! 1150 Ton Gold Mt. IS
100 >lSnt Ton.. 2 02%! 500 Ton Midway.. 38
100 Mont Ton ...2 C0| 100 Ton of N.v.7 «2W
200 Mont Ton ...2 051 100 West End ..-• II
1O0O Paymaster ./ 03! 10O West End .;. It
iwS Rrt Top ..- IT. 325 Wild G<*>~ V« 50
1000 Red Top .... 131
Afternoon Session.
1000 Brunswick ... 15: 5000 MacNamara .. 38
MM Cent Euwka.l 40! 200 Mont Ton ...2 C5
100'Columbia 33! SOO Mont Ton ...J 15
15M Goldfleld Ton. ll! UOO Red Top IS
1«00 MacNamara . 41 1500 Red Top 17
300 MacNamara . 40} 600 Sandstorm ... M
•BOO MaeNamara . 37| 600 Ton Exten -.1 13
700 MacNamara .••]«» Ton Midway. . 3*
390O MacNamar* . »* 700 Ton Midway.. 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sept. «— 3 ». ra.
Bld.A»k.| Bii.Ask.
Alpha ¦......'•* 12 WlJusUce .09 12
Alta > ft V-iKentuck <M 07
Xntti ... " 1* 20 ! K. Graessler.. S3
Belcher - 21.- 24j Ijidy Wash .. — «5
Best A Belcb.l « 1 *> Mexican ...... t OO I ttl
Bullion - 2« 27 1 Occidental .... 75 S5
Caledonia..-.- « WlOphlr 2 25 2 ?O
Challenge ... 23 Jfi Overman 22 2*
Chollar 14- 15 Potosl U »3
Connd«nc« ... -6S 701 Scorpion '.:.... P« 00
Con Cal A V.l-rai 1 miSavaite 20 21
Con ¦ Imperial. ... 01 02! Her B#Vber.. f 12 t%
Con N Y .... 07 <»ISi*rra Nev..." O4 .T«
Crown Point.. IS l«IJ5Uv»r Hill 5O M
K Sierra Nev 03 WtSt. Lnuls — 19
Eureka Con.-. 50' fsvrdlrate ' <« •—
Exrh»quer ., . «0 WJ> Union Con 4ft 4%
Gould A Cur. 21 MlUtah .:....... 12 >1,1
Hale A Norc. «» . «5l Yellow Jacket. IS 13
Julia '..'...... 09 10|
Unlisted Securities.
¦ Receipts of Potatoes continued moderate,
and with trade fairly active the heavy, accu
mulation of old stock w,as being gradually dis
posed of. All kinds stood as previously quoted.
Onions were in fair request for shipment and
bad a firmer tone, but prices were no higher.
Miscellaneous vegetables continued to . ar
rive freely and the market was weak for all
kinds except Garlic, stocks of . which were
concentrated in & few hands. '
POTATOES— Burbanks from ! the rirer. 60®
80c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $101 25 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles. 76@85c;
Sweet Potatoes, $1®1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— $101 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c£$l 26 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans, l%@3c
per lb; Lima Beans. l%®2%0 per lb; To
matoes. 25® 50c per box; Summer Squash, 20
®35c per box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots,
75e per sack;' Cucumbers, 20© 35c per box;
Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4@4%o
per lb; Egg Plant. 254F4Oc per box: Dried
Peppers. , nominal; , Green .Okra, 30@4Oc • per
box; Green . Peppers, 25@40c per box; Marrow
fat Squash. $15320 per ton. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. less 60
per cent ahrinkage for Cattla: , — ..
CATTLE— Stesrs. 7%©7%c; Cow« and Heif
ers 5%®6%c; thin Cows. 4S5c per lb.
CALVES-4#l%c per lb 'prossweight).
8HEEP— Wetners. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3ff3%0
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5062 75 per bead.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs, 4«.c: ISO lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs, 4%o; s«ft Hcgs. not wanted:
Sowa, 20 per cent off: Boars, 50 per cent o.T.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotar
tion*.
There Is no further change to report under
this head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: » .
BEEF — 5%@"c for Steers and 456c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7®8c; small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wether*. 7©7%c; Ewes. 697c
per lb.
LAMB— 8%0«c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6«8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
I - Kansas City.
' KANSAS CTTT,"Sept.* 8.—CATTLE—Re
i celpts, 7000. Steady to 10c higher. Native
} steere $4®6: native cows heifers, $1 509
' 4 85- etockers and feeders; $2 6O®4 25; bulls,
; $2 50@3 50; calves, $2 50@5 75; Western steers,
: $3'S4 60 ¦•¦.--"' " ' ' *•• ' ' * ' ......
i HOGS— Receipts 6000. Market 6®lOo higher.
' Bulk-of sales. $5 4<M?5 65; heavy. $5 40^5 45;
packers, $5 40@6 55; pigs and lights, $5 25®
i SHEEP— Receipts^ 3000. Steady. Muttons,
i $3 25C4- lambs. ¦ ¦$4-50@6 75:- -range wetheTs,
i $3 4004* ewes, $2 75® 3 50; Utah and • Idaho
! feeding yearlings. S5 pounds. $3 60. ' ; 'i
OMAHA, .Sept! " 8. — CATTLE — Receipts.
33C0. . Steady to strong.. Natire steers. $4®6;
cows and heifers, $2 7533 75; Western steers,
$35?4 60: Texasi steers, $2 75©3 65; range cow*
j and heifers, $23-8 35: earners. $1 50©2; stock
: ersand. feeders, $2 BO®^ 85; calves, > $3^5 25;
i bulls and stags. $1 76®3." . ' ¦ J
HOGS— Receipts. 6000. Market 5e higher.
' Heavy- $5 10#5 30; mixed, $5 2095.80; light.
! $5 35^5 50; plge, $4 75®5 10; : bulk of aales,
! 55 20O5 35. . - - • '
! BHEEP — Receipts, 6500. Steady. Western
I yearllncs »3.65©4; wethers, $3 35©3 75; ewem,
! $3(^4; eommon,- and j stockers,' $2 50Q3 75;
lambs, $4©5 65. ;: .:¦¦
CHICAGO,' Sept. ' 8.— CATTIjE — Receipts.
6500. Strong to 10c 'higher. Beeves, $3 20©
0*25; cows and helfere. $1 25®4 60; •tockera and
feeders, $2 15©3 90; Texans, $31094 28; West
erns, S2 73«4 50. •• • -3
1 HOGS— Receipts,' 11.000. Market 6c higher
for lightweights, others strong. , Mixed and
butchers, . $5 25@5 40;- «ood heavy, $S 40©6 80;
rough , heavy. $4 656« 10; light, • $5 40#5 90;
pigs' $5 IO&5 60; bulk of tales, $5 35^5 75.
• SHEEP — Receipts, 16,000. Steady. Sheep,
$2 50@4 10; limbs, $3 76@6 90. •:
¦ ' ¦ - Omaha. ¦ .'¦
Chicago.
800jAraer Tob pfd . . 141 |140% 140 14X
iAmer Wooien 1 13% 14!,
i Do pfd 81% 83
l.lOOAnaconda. 82 81% SITs 82%
| Ann Arbor 28 30. .
Do Pfd 57 (SO
S«,000]A T A a F 82% 81% 82*41.8214
l.OOOj Do pfd. 99 »$% 98%| »S%
15.S00.Balt &- Ohio .. SS% 88% 8S%! bH*
Do pfd .: 93 05
16.200B R T : 57 5614 5«% 66%
IBrook Va Gas 219 220
200 Bruns D A I.. 6 6 6 7
Butterick Co ....48 49
Cana Southern 6U% 67%
600 CansuJlan -Pao.... 126 125% 125% 126
1.600 ( C A O... 42 40% 41% 42
400 c & A 42 41% 41 41%
100 Do pfd S3 84%
IC A £ I Dfd 123 ' 140.
|C I A L pfd SO 85
300iC A O W 16% 16 16% 16%
200 Do Pfd "A".. 51 51 51H 64
300 Do pfd "B".. 25% 25 25% 26.
400 C A N W 190 189 187 190
17.200|C M A St P 157% 156% 157 157%
Do pfd 182 184
62.900'C R I A P(new) 2S% 27% 28% 28'4
6.200 Do pfd 72% 71 Vi 72% 72V4
Do 4V I 77 77%
200 Cfat Terminal .. 6% .6% «% 6%
COO Do Pfd 16 .16 T.4 15%
400 Chicago Un Trac ! 7% '• 7U >6% '-7
....... Do pfd ...;.. ..'... ...:. '37 « .39
1.200 C C C A St L.. 80 ;. 79 SO'. 80%
Do pfd 107- 110
Cleva Lor A W.. , 25
Do pfd :.. 70
L4O0 Colo Fuel A Iron 89% 38 38% 28%
.: Do pfd •• 60 .....
100-CoI Hock C A I. 12% 12% 12% 12%
300 Colorado Bo ... 16 15% 15% 16
1.700 Do 1st pfd ... 48% 48% 48 48%
700 . Do 2d pfd .... 21% 21% 21% 22
6.G00!Consol Gas 199 197% 168% 189
eOOlCon Tob pfd.... 123% 123 123 >4 124
SOOiCorn - Products . 18% 13% 13% 13%
100J Do pfd 70% 68% 69 70%
4.000 Del A Hudson .. 167% 165% 167% 167%
2.200 D LA W 281% 276% 279% 280%
• fiOODARG 2« 25% 26% 26%
Do pfd 79% 7S% 79 79%
100 Des M A Ft D. . 24 24 23% 25
860Detrott Un Ry .. 66% 66% e6% 66%
(Detroit Bo. 2, 2%
Do pfd -4- 5.
lIMamond Match ...132 135 \
2,8804 Distilling Secur. 27% 26% :27% 23 .
Dls Secur bonds 68% 69 .
.Duluth S S A A ..... ..... 7% 8%
Do pfd ............. 12 13%
63.400Erie 80^4 29% 30% 30%
9,500 Do 1st pfd ... 67% 66% 67% 67%
7.000, Do 2d pfd 45% 44 45% 45%
EATH 63 60
Do pfd 101 .....
rtW4DC.....i :. -42 48
....... Gen Chemical 48 65
| Do pfd 94 96%
2.600JG«n EI»ctrtc ... 176 . 17L% 174 175
[Great Nor j>fd 170 185,
Greene CVm Cop. ...'/. 14% 15
400 Hock Valley ... S2% 81% 82% 83
200! Do pfd 89 88 87 88%
2,000 Illinois Central . 189% 138% 138% 138%
1 no' Inter Paper 14% 14% 14% 14%
700 Do pfd 74-% 74% 74% 74%
llnter Power S5 38
jlnter Pump 29 SO
Do pfd 76% 77%
8,200 Iowa Central ..23 23 22% 23
100; Do pfd 44% 44% 44 45
100?Kanawha AMIeh 43% 43% 43% 43%
100-.K-C Ft SAM pfd 78% 77% 77% 78
W Kar.s City So...... 24% 24%
6C0t Do pfd '. 4«% 45% 46 46%
SCO K«5Wuk A Des M 17% 17% 17 17%
LaClede Ga? pfd 85 86
Laka E A West. 29 31
Do pfd. 89. 100
Lone: Ialand 67 60
2,400 Louis A Naeh... 123% 123 123 123%
2,200! Manhattan 157% 166% 166% 157
j&lanhattaa Bch 10 13
4.100 MetropoUtn Sece 87% 86% 86% 87
3,400 Metrplttn St Ry. 119% 119'i 119% 119%
18,600; Mexican Central 14% 13 Hrs 1*%
Minn A St L 55 56
I Do l*t pfd 90 OS
SOOfM St P A S S M 73 72% 72% 73
Do pfd...: 129% 131
1.200 Mo, Kan A Tex 23% 22% 23% 23%
8.000 Do pfd 48-4 48 48 4S%
Pacific. 98% 9S^ gg^ e j.i;
Nasjj, CiElIi 122% 122%
TJCiO National Lead.. 23% 23% 23% 23%
....... Do pfd........ .'.... ..... 95 96%
KU R R of Mex 4 4%
100 Do pfd 37% 37% 37 37%
600 National Biscuit. 47% 47% 47% 47%
Do pfd 107% 109Vi
OXVNew Jersey Cen. 172 170% 171 172%
6001 N Y Air Brake 159% 138% 133 140
2,500 New York Cen.. 124% 123% 124 124%
X Y, C A 8t L. 29 33%
Do 1st pfd 88% 89
Do 2d pfd 38 3»%
N Y, Nlf A H 190% 102%
8,800 N Y. Ont A W. . 33% 33% 33% 33%
«,4<y> Norfolk A West. 69 68% 68% 69
„ Do pfd 90 91
100' North American. 82% 92% 93 93%
Northn Securities 104% 105%
Oman* 140 145
Do pfd... 180 190
!O 8 L 4s 96% 97
400!Pac!flc Coaet.... 74% 7* 74 75
Do 1st pfd »5 106
200 Do 2d pfd 74% 74 74% 74%
LOOOlPaeifle Mail 31 4 30% 30% 30%
6.400! Penn R R Co... 127% 126% 127% 128%
9,500 PeopW« Ga«.... 103% 102% 103% 103%
Per* Maxquett*. ., 75 80
_ p C. C & Bt L 68 89
100 Do pfd. 100% 100% 98 101%
1.400 Pressed Stl Car. 34 . 83% 33% 34
I Do pfd 78% 78%
iPullman Pal Car 216 220
200 ny Eteel Springs 22 21% 21% 22
JOOl Do pfd 79*4 79% 79% SO^i'
21.800 ! Readlng 68% 65% CS% C8%
600 Do 1st pfd.... 85% 85% 65% 85%
1,700 Do 2d pf d 78 75% 77ft 78
700 Republic S A I. 7% 7% 7% 7%
ROO Do pfd I 43% 42% 42- 42%
400 Rubber Goods... 18% 18% 18% 18%
100 Do pfd f 81 81 81 82
200!s1om S 8 A I Co 39% 39% 39 39%
Do pfd 88% 89
806>St JAG 1 10% 16% 16% 17
Do let pfd 47 49
Do 3d pfd | 24 25
200SLASFl*tp 73% 73% 72% 74
5.000 1 Do 2d pfd eO% 69% COVi «0%
flOOi St L A S W.. 21% 21% 21% 21%
2.10(>; Do Pfd 45 43% 44 44%
22.P00 Southern Pacinc. BS% 67% 67% B8
10«.8f^1Southern Ry ... 31% 30 81% 31%
8.300 Do pfd ....... 95% 95 85% 95%
tstandard Oil 628 632
...... .|6td Rope and TV % 1T4
4,SO0lTenn C A I... 47% 46% 46% 46»I
2.3C0;Texas Parifle 81% 31 % 81% 31%
SOOiThird Avenu* .. 123 124% 123% 124%
iTo Ry A Tr Co 19 22%
200ITO 6t L A W 29% 29% 28% 29%
X.300 Do pffl 48 47U 47% 47%
SOOiTwinCUy RT... 08 9«% 07 »{ 97%
300iUnlcn B A Paper 7% «% 6% 7
100! Do pfd St C3 60 63
46 000 Union Pacific ... 101 09% 100% 100%
| Do pfd O2»4 93%
U P Conv 4a 105 105%
United IUof SF :. 9 6
\\ Do Pfd....- 14 15
Do 4s 84 84%
J US Cart Iron P 10% 11
. .1 Do pfd 65 66%
. ... U 8 Express..... 118 121
2.200 U 8 Leather 8 7% , .7% 8
7001 Dor** 87% 87# P7V4 W%
...1U P Rlty A Cons. .......... n 28
" ' I Do pfd ¦ 63. 63%
""¦7OOUS Rubber..... 19«* 1» 1» 19%
j Do pfd •' ™ 74%
'14400 U 8 Steel Cor... 14% 13% 13% 14
62 70oi Do pfd 64 63i; my, «3%
4 6fiO'Va-Car Chem Co. S« »% 33% 3.1%
l,3C0(Waba»h 21% 21 21 H 21%
• 4 100! Dopfd..: 41% 40% 40% 41
OOf'l Do deb Vm «5 6.i> a
....VT. Wells Fargo Ex 230 2M>
Cft>: Western Union .-. 91 »1 91 01%
4 eOutWestlngbouBe ... 104% 162% 162 1«C%
' .1 Do Itt pfd- l»0 200
' eOOiW & L E ....... 17% 17% 17UI 17%
1.W0 Do 1st pfd ;... 4fl% 4V* 44%| 45
BWi! Do 2d ?fd .... 2t5% 2« 25% 2«
2(<-]Wls Central .... .18% 18% 18% lSJi"
300| Do pfd 43^4 43| 43 | 43%.
P20.400 «li&re« sold. ..
' CTJICAGO Sept. 8. — On the . Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 14f 10c; dairies, 12%@l(Jc; eggs,
firmer at mark, cases Included, 14%@17c;
cheese, ateadr to firm, 8%@9c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Butter, Cheese,and Eggs.
The Santa Paula Chronicle says that the
Lima crop of Ventura County gives promise
of only half a yield. The crop will be good
on the Irrigated land, but on the higher lands
it will not go above eight or ten sacks to the
acre. In many cases the Beans will not be
cut at all. the yield being so small that It will
not pay to. harvest the crop. The total output
at this time Is estimated at not more than
200,000 to. 250,000 sacks.
The " Hueneme Herald says: Bean cutting
has been going on ¦ the past week and close
estimates are in order. From all accounts the
yield for the district embracing Santa Bar.
bara. Ventura and Lo» Angeles counties will
be about 450,000 sacks.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 50: Pea. $3: But
ters $2 75@3: small White. $2 90®3 10; large
White $2 30®2 50; Pink $S 25®3 50; Red, $4;
Lima,' $3 8503 95; Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eyes, $2 50©2 60 per ctl; Horse Beans, $2 25.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax $1 9002 25; Canary, 6%
©7c; Alfalfa. 13«15%c: Rap*. 1%©2%c; Timo
thy 6%c; Hemp 3V4©3V:-- per lb; Millet. 2%
&3%e: Broom Corn Setd. $20®21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $2©2 23; new Green
Peas. $2®2 25 per ctl.
It was reported on 'Change that new Pinks
were offering at $3 25. but the report lacked
confirmation. Otherwise" , there ' was nothing
new in the situation. .
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c: light. 8%c; Cow
Hides 8%c for heavy. and 8%o for light;
Stags, 6%c; Salted Kip. »%c; Baited Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, lie;" dry Hides, 16%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25#
40c each- ehort Wool 40965c each: medium.
75®90c; long Wool. $1O1 50; Horse Hide*, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 23
@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for largo and $1 60 for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 56c for Colts. Buck Skins-
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c: extra large do. $1 38; large and
smooth 5Cc; medium, 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%e per ft;
No. 2 n\ic; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. 9@llc: Southern. S@9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9<911e; Middle Countle*. free, ¦ 12914c:
do defective 10<aVlc; Northern free. 12tfl4o;
do! defective'. ' 10© 12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 14915c per lb t
HOPS — 1904 crop. 25©28c per lb. Tnt mar
ket continues flrm, but is quiet. \ "-'.-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
- CHICAGO, Sept. 8.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, easy; 'No, 2 spring wheat,
$1 IS- No. 3. $1. 10®l 12: No. 2 red. $1 07%®
1 O9'4- No. 2 corn, 54Hc;,No. 2 yellow. 55%c;
No S cat", 32'-i@o3c; No. 2 -white, 33@33Uc:
No! a white, 31%@33%c: No. , 2 rye, 71«72c;
good feedlns barley. ,.37@88%c; fair to cholca
malting 44S51c; No. 1 flax seed. $1 19%; No.
1 Northwestern, $126%; mess pork, per. bbl..
$10 S7%@U: lard, per 100 lbs., $7 05(^7,07%:
short fibs sides, loose. $7 30®7 50; short clear
sld^s boxed, ?8 -o&H 50;. whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 £S; clover, contract grade, $11^ 75@
Articles - ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Fl'our, barrels Q?™ , ?2 ! 2^
Wheat bu«hels ........ 406,000 .113.700
K bushels' .......... MmImo . . 316.300
Oats ; bushels 420.500 . 139.800
Rye, bushels '£££ "2'i25
Bartey, bushels 112,800 , . 5.300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
SHORTS— $20 50®21 60 per ton. - m^''ii , A
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23ig23 50
per ton; Ollc»ke Meal at the mill, $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake. $22@23 : Corn
Meal. $30 5C@31 60: Cracked Corn.
Mixed Feed. $22®22 50; Horse Beans. $30@40
per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat $S@12 50. with $13@13 50 for
extra fine: Wheat and Oat. $8®12; Oat. $• 50^
10 50; Barley and Oat. $"®9; Volunteer VUld
Oat. $6 50ffl8 50; stable, $7@8 50; stock. $6f7;
CTover. $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa. $7©10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35®57%c.per bale.
Quotations for everything remain as before.
The Hay market is in the same old rut and
supplies of Feedstuffs about balance the ae
•BRAN'-$20 50021 50 per ton.
1 MIDDLINGS— $24629 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local Securities. inactive and featureless. . .. .•
Shipment of $272,900 -in Treasure to the Oriejtt. 0
Slight fluctuations in foreign Exchange. "-¦.'. / /
Xo inure Grain trading till Monday. ¦ .
P, ay. Feed sUifis and Beans about as before.. ',...: .
> ¦:*hcrn advices report Lima Bean crdp short. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable's' stioii' little change. *
Hot zeeather operating against the" Poultry and Game, markets^
Melons^ Lemons and Limes selling off briskly.
Dried Fruits, Xttts and Raisins unchanged: .. •,
Provisions showing tnorejone at Chicago.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in good supply.
Putter coming in soft, ozving to the hot wave.
Eggs quiet and Cheese still demoralized. •
This market continued quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, lie for-'llght medium. 13%o for light.
14c for extra light and 17c for sucar
cured: dry salt Sides. lOJ-ic; Bellies, H%e;
Eastern sugar-cured ' Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. I3%e: Mess Beef, $10«10^50 per
bbl; «xtra Mess. $U©11 50; Family. $12©12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra . clear. $24:
Mess $18; Dry Salted Pork. lOHc: Pig Pork.
$26- p lgs* Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb_
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. »%c: 10-lb tins. lOKc; 5-lb tins, 10%c;
3-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. $%c; thres
half barrels, SVic; one tierce. 8%c; two Uerce«,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Chicago was flnr.," with light offerings and
a good many buying orders.
Provisions.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L &. N. unified 4s.lC<Hi
Do coupon 103 Vs! Man con gold 4s. 64 *i
Do 3s.reg......lO5 | Mex Central 4s... 16'i
Do coupon 105U| Do 1st lnc 15%
' Do new 4s reg.l3H{| & St L 4s.. 95
Do coupon 131% M K A Texas 4s. 100%
Do old *9 reg.106 I bo Mil 80%
' Do coupon 107 . | NR of Mex con. 4s 76
Atqh gen 4s. 103% NYC gen 3%s..lOOU
Do adj 4s..../, 95 N J C gren.Ss 133*s
Atlantic C-L 4s. 0S% Nor.^facinc- 4s.. ..105^
Bait & OWo 4s. .103 Do-3s .. ..:. 7454
Do 3%« ....... 95% Nor."&-.W-.con 4s. 104%
Central of Ga 5s.lll%| OSL . 4s & partlc. 97
Do 1st inc.... 84T« Pa Conv. 3%s:... 99%
Che a & Ohio 4%s.lO5% Reading gen. 4s. . .100%
Chi & Alton 80»^,SL#& Mi con 5s.ll6 T .fc
C B & Q new 4s..fl«H!j5 L & : S F t*'4». f5%.
C.M A 8P gn 4e.llO ISf Louis SW> lsts:.9S'AJ
C,& NW. ieon. 7s. 12S Seaboard "A ; L 4a. M% 1
C>R I & Pac 4s. 77mt3o Paclno 4s: ..... 94 '
: Do col B«. ...... <«6%t So RailwayLSs.. .117%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%!Tex &«Pac lsts..H9% ;
tht Terra 4s..... 7,3. ! Toi, -St L & TV 4 9 . 78 i
Cons .'Tobacco 4s.- 75 Union Paclftp 4S.1Q5 i
.Colo ft So U..., 83»i Do conv 4i...,..ir.5»V
JC F & I con 5S.77U U S.Steel 2d.5s.. 80-6
Den: A Rio G 4s.101%i Wabash lets;...". .118*4
Erie prior lien 4s, 99HP" Do deb-,B. 64^4
Do j?en 4* . . . ..107U1 W A L Erie 4s... 89%
F W * D C lsts.lOS«4l Wls Central 4s... 90 ,
Hock Val 4%s. ..101 .,.; | ; ; I; •.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ..... • 20| Little . Chief ;...,. 05
Alice N25lOntario .'...'...... 3 50
Breece.. 12!Ophir .....v:..-... 2 20
Bruns Con ..'..-..' 17|Phoenlx*... .:...•.. 14
Com Tunnel H>l Potosl 12
Con Cal A Va... 1 00) Sierra Nevada... . VZ
Horn Silver 1 551 fiavaie . /. ..... .V. 19
Iron -Silver ...:..'¦ 1 '50-' Small -Hopes ..... 25'
Lead^Ue.-Oon ... • 02i Standard V .....V. 1 00
Stocks and -Bonds.
Money— '' : |U,S Steel T.-Vi:.. 13%
Call loans 3©4U! Do pfd , .^.,:. C3%
Time loans *S5 ! Westing Common. 81
Bonds — •¦"¦ I -vMitiintc— ..•;.. >;
Atchison 4s 101%I Advepture ¦.<; IX
Do adj 4s.. 95W|*iloue» ... ..''.. U5
Mex Central 4s... 61 . I Amal; Copper ;:..: 58%
Railroads— . |Amer-Zlnc. ; .. 12
Atchison 81T» Atlantic ... ..".... 14
Do pfd 88% UinBhkm ...j-L... 27%
Boston & Albsny.248 Calumet A Heda.512
Boston A Maine. 162 Centennial-" 28 .,
Boston Elev 153 Copper Range. ,j, 57^*-
FitchburR- pfd 137 I Daly West-i.i... 15 •
Mex Central 13%! Horn Coal v. .:.'.. 56 \
K Y, N H A H..191 iFrankHnv.-.v.i.v. 9%.
Pere Marquette... 74 | Grancy 2%
Union Pacinc 100%tlsl« Royal* ...... ITU
Miscellaneous — " IMu-f Mining a%
AmerAr^e Chem. 13%' Michigan 6
Do pfd 8O«4 1 Mohawk 48^i:
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mont Coal A Coke 5%
Amer Sugar ....130% Old Dominion ... IS
Do pfd ..183 Osceola 80
Amc r Tel A Tel, 139 I Parrot 24%,
Amer Woolen ... lSUiQuincy .. . 02
Do pfd 82 I Shannon ..<...... -4%-
Dom Iron A S... 12 J Tamarack Ill '
Ed E'»ct Ilium... 260 j Trinity 7
Gen Electric 170 I IT S Mining.. .... 20%
Maes Electric 12%|TJ S Oil - "H
Do pfd ... . 60 lUtah 42*i
Maes Gas 41%|Victorla 3»i
United Fmit ..;.1mi" Wlnona .:.. n%
Un Shoe Mach... 51 I Wolverine 92
Do Pfd 30 I
NEW YORK BONDS
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 S0$
5 10s usual terms; Bakers'^ Extras. *470<g5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at So 85@4 25
per bbl. - • ' ' ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln^ packages are
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 p«r 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. *3; Rye Meal/ $2 75: Rice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal $2 50: extra cream do. $3 60;
Oa't Meal. $3 75;. Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 €093 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
WheatT $3 50: Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 50® i 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $i 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and fylillstuffs.
resulted iii a fair degree of animation In the
provisioBS pit. Small " receipts , of' hoes and
higher prices at the, -yards also helped, trad
ing: > At " the • close October ; pork wu ¦ up " 5c,
lard was up 2%c and ribs up 10®'i2^c.
The leading futures ranged, as follows:
¦ Articles. ' ' Open. . High. •_ Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ' •' ¦
September, old ..1 07% 1 0814 -1 07% 1 08%
September, new .1 04 1 054 1 04 l'C5»fe
Dscembcr 1 06% - -l"08Vi- >1 06% 1 08%
May .-. . .1 09 1 1C% 1 08% 1 10%
Corn No. 2 —
September . . . : 53 vs M • " 53«4 54
December - 52^ 52% . 51% 62 *
Way 50Vi . 5Hi 4»T4 W*
SepfembeT H~.. :. • • 31% ', 31% 31% 31%
December t 32% 33 32% 33
May......... 35V4 • 35% 35>6 35^
Mess pork pepbbl. — '
October . . . ... . .10 9ZM 11 07% 10 92>4 10 07AS
January 12 60 12 CO. 12 57^ 12 57%
Lard: ter'JCO lbs.^— ~ : • " • '
October.. ..7 10« 7 17% 7 10 7 12Vi
January 7 17% 7 22% 7 17% 7 17%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs. —
October .„.,!. 7 37% 7 45 7 37% 7 40
January -6 60. ..,6 62% 6 60 6 62%
tian, $1 35©1 45 for. White and $1 25®1 SO for
Brown.' — . • '
, RYE— $1 30@l 35 per ctl.- . '
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
lows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 3-crown.
3c: 2-crown. 2Hc:- Malaga, loose. 3-crown.
2%c; 2-crown 2>i>c:- seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels, 2Uc; Seeded Raisins. l«-oi
cartons fancy. 4ttc; choice. 4c; 12-os cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice. 3Hc per lb.
jsrUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No 2 ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. ViUVSMc:
Xo" 2* llBllVic; Almonds. 16917c for new
Nonparlels. 14@l4»4c for I X L. 13©14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and He for Languedoc; Pea
nuts. 6@7c for Eastern: Pecans, 11313c; Co
coanuts. $4 60@5. .
HONEY— Comb imO13e for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5^iS
6 He; light amber extracted. 5$6c; dark. 30
BEESWAX— 27©29C per lb.
F & C H fn. — — JPowell-st 6». — —
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 iSac EGA-RSs. fiOVilOC'i
H CAS 5Hs. — — > t SF A SJVSs.llS —
Do 5s lOOti — j sierra R es..l00»i —
Hon R T 6a.lC6%107 |3 P of A ei
L A Elec 5s. — — I <ISW9> 107*4 —
LARy 5a.. 1184117 ' <t910> 1C3 1 * —
L A L Co « - — i S P of C 6s
. Do |t4 es. - — | «1903)3r A.103*, —
Do guj 6s.iaimc3 I iMKWSr B.iom —
LAP lem 5S.102H — ( <19«6> lC6*i —
MXt-st C Cs.114^ — | (1312) :.:.. — 117*4
Do lem 5s.Ur.U — 'SPC 1 eg 5&.115H —
MVfe MtT3s.lO2 — ! Do stampd.!00»i —
NRR of c«s.io«4 — S P B R 6s.ir« —
Do 5s US — IS V Wat «s.lO4 104*4
X P C R 5«.10t 105^1 Do 4» 2dra.lftO — .,-.
N C Ry 5».. — 112 | Do 4a 3dm. 00*; —
N C P C 5s. — 09 | Doir mt*4a ««V» —
N S R R 5a. — 1C2U|Stkn G&Kfn. 03 —
O G L&H 5s. — 107%! U O A E 5s. — —
O W gtd 5a. — ICO' I
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — ."wuiport Costa. .. — —
Marln Co.... — 60 fg V Wat Co. S3 33«4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3*i 3Ti!8 F G A E. 61U «2
Mutual EL. 11 '4 12H|SUcn G & E. — 5H
Pac L Co.. 57 » lUOtECo.- '-;
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Tnd.300 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..I25 130 |L P A A... 15ft ,— *%
Anglo-Cal .. 84H — I M«r Trust.. . .213 H —
Bank of Cal. 420 425 i Merch Ex.... SO 5«H
Cat Safe Dp. — 130 | a F Nationl. — ¦ —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
G#r S A L.2280 2330 ISavALSo..— 100
Hum 3 h L. — — JSec Sav Bk.030 400
Mutual Sav.lW) 105 I Untcn T Co. . — —
8 F Sav C. 6.17 4 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..1W!4 — I Presidio — 41
Geary — 25 I ~ ;-.V--;.-- " ".
POWDER.
Giant «2H WUiVigorit — - I
suoar. , ¦ t&Fzrti.
Hawaiian C. «1 62 4 I Makaweli C. 28% »
Honokaa S C 15% H^OnomM S a 2SH 30
Hutch SPC 10-% 11 Paauhau S C. 15 T « IST4
Kilfluea SC. !S 3 I
* MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 130 132',! Oceanic 8 Co. — —
Cal F C A. 98 100 I Pac Aux FA. 4*4 -*
Cal Wine A. — 82 I Pac C Borx.158 —
MVA MtTm. »S — ( Pac S Ttl Co-IOIH —
Morning Session.
Board —
I 35 California Wine Association Yl 23
125 Hawaiian Cotnl A Sut>r 61 00
25 Honokaa. S Co 16 00
135 Hutchlnson 3 P Co 10 S't*
75 Makawell 2* 7h
80 Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
$7,000 Cal O & E O M A C T 5s 81 23
{2,060 Spring Valley* Water Co es 104 no
Strtet—
30 Spring Valley Water Co S8 50
Afternoon Session. v ¦ : »" > ,
Board —
5 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 «7H
100 Mutual Electric Light 11 50
50 Faaucau 8 P Co 18 ( •
10 Sprlis* Valley Water Co 3» »O
$1,500 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. US 50
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 50
• Street—
50 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
50 Makawell 23 T5
Tj-r-E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, VFRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1904,
15
L0CA1 MARKETS.
Continued on Page Fourteen
• RAISINS— Association f. ¦ o. b. price* ¦ Fresno
(subject, to chance without notice); are as fol-
The . situation remains a» ; previously quoted.
The : condition . of the , New York market will
be eeen In the .flnt- column. ¦ " - :¦¦• -«S|CqKS
• FRUITS — New : crop— AprlcotB. "3i@9*ic for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
5?i@7c; Peaches, 6#«84cper lb; Pears. dVi9
12c; Plums., pitted.; 6®6%e for, black. «7V4@S>4u
for red and 7© $ Me for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
brick*, ¦:¦ 52%e: -3-crown. * 66e; v 4-crown. 85c; ¦: 6
crown,, 75c: « bulk • white, 3K©3V4c: ¦- black. 4c.
JBvaporaUd Apple*. 6H#THc per lb. _,. .
• PRUNES— l»i©2c:per.lb for the:four sUes.
D/icd Fruits, Nuts;Raisins,Honey.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIALI- Get you? ', Knights .Templar^cards rfrom* Kd
wardlKnowleaj'Ccmpany/'ii'Ssco'ndTitr "*'«"• '.
JURY- CONVICTS! MANNE.— Jbieph Manne.
a.'.Ioncsheremanr'.^rai'convlctedi by/ aV Jury> fa
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday of assault'wlth
a': deadly iweapon.'c; He '.was , ordered- to -appear
for sentence • to-morrow/'* On" the night of July
4 : Mann* was % . In /a; dance • ball i at • 513 -Pacific
street. • J *Inva*dlspute with- Sarah Hansen -.a
waitress. - he > threw • three ? beer bottles ~«t « lier.
'One' struck her;on '• the head, ¦ knocking- her ' un v
conscious. ¦¦& '¦-¦:' '."> ;'.ii.'S--_ v i\-r*-f ***• ''-•-?-•' ¦ -
: ; ' ;ilnrnct^ > «i 1 Kitra'5St\'of ' y'anllla ;is the
leader"- all ;the .world fovef.'ii'jUs'e; ikv other.,' •- .*.
TURN" AT : THE : ' CITT- PRI-SON^— Albert
Gibson wa«'« arrested by^'Of fle*r» McCurrle • and
Unger of* the-: Humane} Society, yesterday, for
drlvlns" a-horse with- a split hoof and 'a; fistula
on • it* > shouldrr. ' Gibson -was released, on "$ 10
cash ; ball » f urnlsh'edt by hir'employrr.'' one Rey
burj.'-whb^has the. contract for ' sfirlrkllnsr ¦ the
bay .- shore ' roadv In ; San * Mateo ', County to the
San Francisco 1 line 1 . ¦"- - Glbton "wan* caught" as
be. drove; ovrr'-the'-llnc to 'turn ai-ound. - . *¦
OAKIjAND READY FOR EVENT.
Details . of, Celebration -Arc 'Announced
~ by , the , Committees in : : /
- OAKLAND, - - Sept. - 8.— Nothing u re
mains jto .be 'vdoriej'tOt make
only •celebration 1 of 7AdmlMionTday.;' i a
glorious success except to give the vis-
Music at the Park.
.The following programme will be
rendered to-day by the park'band:
• PART L
"The Old Flair Forever"... .L*ila ; France
March — "California Commandery" (new)
..Alfred ¦ A; Batkin ; (of California Comman
- - dery Knljrhta Templar). .
Overture — "Fest".'. :...'. .......¦;... Leutner
Waltz— "Weddlnjr of the ; Winds" .... .... . . Hall
Solo for-coxnet ....;....'-»....... .Selected
, I>. C Rosebrook. ¦ . .
Grand fantasle — "CarmenV . . ..'.'. .Bizet
PART II.
Overture— "Kabucco" ; ..;.. .' '..Verdi
(a) • Intermezzo. - "Carallerla Rustlcana";.;.
v.-. ..............-...;.;....... iiascagn I
(b) "Mlsewre,'! from* "II Trovatore''..; Verdi
- ¦• Corntt . and trombone.- ....
Selection— "Prince ; of Pllsen" ..... 1 ..... Luders'
••A.Comlc*Tattoo..or the. Band on a Strike"
• •". •".-. ......:..,.'•¦ Godfrey
Grand American fanUsle..... ...Victor Herbert
i Th« San -Francisco number of k the. California
Review,' latest 'issue, , Is- designed : to- show the
n^yap.tagejs. j)l tlj?.' c!*y- i °X . t >u»lnta.s. . and . rest -
dence. The many beautiful . half tone picture*
make It ¦ an appropriate souvenir, for. friends
north.' east.-isouth; and '{vest.. Trice 10 .cents.'
Sold by, all news dealers. ; , . ••
The chief features of the session of
Congregational churches' and * minis
ters .at. the First Congregational
Church yesterday afternoon and even
ing addresses by W. : W. Ferrier
on /'The. Kingship of Christ"; W.; H.
Atkinson "oh "The San Francisco As
sociation" ; T. R. Earl on' "The Differ
ence Christ Has Made"; State-Secre
tary E. H. Hadlock.. Ph.;D., oh "Our
Young People"; a devotional exercise
led by B. S. Hays, and a song service.
Between meetings . an excellent sup
per was served under the direction of
the ladies of the church.
Hold. Interesting Session.
An .aged telegraph polestirred up
quite a bit of excitement in the Mis
sign yesterday morning as its life of
usefulness ended. ¦ • Overcome by the
unusual; weight of two ' repairers. It
tottered and; fell. 'Inits'death throes
the proud head which .had • disdain
fully withstood the winds arid rains of
many) years; gouged out .the glass eye
"of the : saloon of Edward Schultz at
2822 n Mission "street and severely
wrenched the frame of the building
throughout. ;
At last', the- worn out body came : to
rest across, the: railroad track. Two
iron ' horses came racing , up and as
they ('could "not'be'induced . to , leap tho
barrier, their drivers curbed them ua
til the < remains { had been removed for
cremation in the houses' of the neigh
borhood. -• ;, • •
Two other, poleis were stricken down
without warning in the same vicinity
at.about ,the;same tfrne/but they srav«
up y their", ¦; respective ghosts without
struggles. ,The ; inquest developed tho
fact-; that |decederits all came ; to* thflr
deaths through •mortification* of the
feet.% ¦¦"• ...
Three Venerable .'Poles Are Suddenly
.; Stricken Down After Long Ca
-;. ; • . recrs of Usefulness.
DEATH STALKS BOLDLY
¦'¦ ALONG- TELEGRAPH UXB
The plaintiff -1b F.- H. Stanley,, ahd
among others who. sue for t ? 132 which
has been paid in'- on ten contracts . by
him and also for $450,000 money paid
in by .15,000 complainants. "! The con
tracts called for- paying in $100 at a
dollar a week and at the time of its
maturity . the payee . would, receive
$150..., ...... ....... ,; . '/¦
Affidavits of several witnesses were
taken and the case was postponed'un
til Saturday morning. • «. . - . '^^^
. Judge Seawell's courtroom was
crowded yesterday afternoon with the
bright lights of the legal profession,
who. were on hand to defend William
Pierce, president of the Fidelty Fund
ing Company,- one of "the tontine dia
mond . Such .men _as_ex-Su
preme Judge Garoutte, Attorney Wil
liam Woods of Llyo'd "& Woods and
Judge Slackwere representing the de
fendant
Many Victims Give Affidavits Against
Get-Rich-Quick Company Be
r Vv".. fore Judge Seavrell.
TOXTIXE COXCEAlX EMPLOYS
THE PICK OF ATTORXEYS
A carload of trunks and', dress suit
cases Just received at a saving of 50 per
cent In'frelght. If you are in need of, a
trunk, dress suit case, valise, wrist bag
or anything in the leather goods line,
come and see the largest assortment and
lowest prices in the city. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. " *
A Carload of Trunks.
; * Marshals ¦ of divisions and aids r will: report
mounted to the chief of staff at 0 a.m.," cor
ner. FV-irtrenth street "and Broadway. : Invited
guests will assemble at the City Hall .at 0
a. . m.. 'where, they will be ¦" received ¦ by^-the
reception committee.'. The • divisions ¦> are • ex
pectedto be in. their assigned positions at 0:45
; There "will also be a- baseball game; at.
Idora.Park at 2:30 o'clock between; the
Oakland' Lodge of ' Elks' and 'Stbcktotf
Lodge , of the sarheAfrder. , ,.. \_ .. , '
To-morrow has ' been set j aside as . an
Oakland day for the Knights .Templar,
and; thousands are . expected, to visit
Oakland as , the guests of the Key,
Route. Ten" thousand tickets '^were
Originally issued for this purpbse,7:.but
the^ demand has been so great; that '^a,
second lot of .5600<was. issuediahd -dis
tributed to the Knights. , \ . • • -- >• *¦;
.Grand Marshal- M.-JL ''Squires 1 has ls
su'ed'his orders- for-tne general; Admis-
Bion : day parade in this city on Friday.
These orders • include the following
points of information for thepubllc, the
'participants in the parade and tl^e of
ficers: " "',-¦. . ' ' ¦ : • ¦";¦ •'¦ • J .
i Manr Native 5 Soris.V are - Elks, and
many Elks are Native Sons.v so ' that
the .Oakland Lodge, of Elks willj'keep
open house to-mtrrrow; at : iheir ' head :
quarters for all Elks who may be visit
ing Oakland..'. ' . ' ' - l'' ¦
The-^regatta on Lake Merritt will 'fol
low., the literary exercises and In the
evening there • will- be fireworks, a. band
concert and a grand ball, .the latter to
take place at ArrnoryiHall. .Oakland
Partor- will - give a -reception 'at-their
headquarters in Maple Hall in the eve
ning, and there will be 'a general round
of vlsltjng at the. several . headquarters;
The^ committee in charge of the) ball
consists' of H. G. 4 Williams, chairman;
J. R. Knowland, ;H. T C..Henken,,E. t F.
Garrison, J. F. • Hansen.'WV D.'Sage
horn' and F. D. Hagan. '". ': *. ,"• •'.:'.*?;
The events of the day will begin with
the parade, which" will move at -10:35
olclock in the. morning under the com
mand of Grand Marshal H. M. Squires.
Following. the. paradethe literary ex
ercises will be held in the; rear of' the
High School building. These exercises
have .been arranged by, Joseph , R.
Knowland, who will make a ; brief ad
dress. Mayor Warren Olney will wel
comethe visitors, to .Oakland, and Gov
ernor GecrrgeJC. Pardee will say/a.few
words up^ri behalf. of ;the/State;of Calf
ifornia. ..James L. Gallagher;- .first
vice president of^the' Native Bons, will
reply i upon beh.aJf of the, order, -and
Mrs. Ella E. Caminetti will niake a re- :
sponfee "upon behalf ' of : the ; Native
Daughters.-- • -¦>; ¦'-. v , ; -, .; ;v ''¦' ¦
ltors as good a time to-niorrowas'the
local parlors knowhbw .to. insure. : The
committees have completed their \ la
bors, and . to-morrow. ; wllll '.see the
realization of the", hopes and expecta
tions o-f theOaklanders. - \ ¦• .
NAPA. Sept. 8.— Wednesday and
Thursday were the warmest days. felt
In Napa for. rnany years. On Wednes
day the mercury went up to -103 de
grees. So far as is learned 'little dam
age has been done to grapes in the
valley.. ;/,.... .,'.'..[....
SALINAS. Sept. 8.— The temperature
here. to-day breaks air records for Sa
linas, according to the observations of
Dr.' E.~; Abbott; the signal service' ob
server. The highest point reached^ur
ing the past thirty years wa3 9* de
grees. At I. o'clock to-day his official
instrument registered 111 degrees. At
Spreckels. : the ' thermometer registered
112 degrees. The maximum at Blanco
was 115. de'srees and at San Lucas 118.
; VALLEJO, Sept. 8.— To-day at 1:30
o'clock the thermometer, registered 102
degrees in the shade. No prostrations.
f LOS ANGELES. Sept. 8.— The warm
epeil still continues, the thermometer,
reaching 96 at 10:35 o'clock in the shade
to-day. The air is humid and very op
pressive.-
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 8.— A distinct
earthquake shock was ¦ felt here this
morning at 10:14 o'clock; lasting several
seconds. It was followed by a' slighter
and 3 briefer disturbance. The weather
is cool ' and clear.
. FRESNO, Sept. 8.— Warm weather
has settled for good It seems in Fresno
Cc-unty. ¦ Yesterday and to-day the
thermometer reached the "108 degree
mark. ; The weather bureau shows that
during the past fifty-three days the
thermometer has averaged 102, which
is the longest stretch of warm weather
experienced in this county for a long
time. , In that time three days saw the
108 mark and one day' the register
reached 109% degrees.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 8.— The exces
sive hea,t to-day caused the ' death of
,Eil • Newkirk, a brickrriaker, by sun
stroke. While at work in the sun Ne"w
k.irk" fell uneonscltus and. "died two
hours later, his temperature going as
high; as 110 degrees. It Is" declared to
be the first case of sunstroke oh record
in' this 1 city. •
"The hot wave still hangs over South
ern; California, the- temperature going
to 96 at the Government bureau, but it
w ; as probably, ten degrees hotter than
this on the streets. .
Thermometer Climbs Skyward In
V * Nearly; j Every' Town.
WHOLE STATE SUFFERS.
Iioard of Education Appoints Prin
cipal and Makes Assignments and
Transfers of Teachers.
The Board of Education met yester
day and established two new classes in
the Berr.al Primary School to relieve
th»- overflowing attendance of pupils.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss Nellie Sullivan. Miss Katherine
1'axton. E. P. Lesley and Mrs. S.
Wigrand.
The following resolutions were
Thtt William F. B'ake be assigned to the
Ilumbuldt Eveninr High School.
That A. T. Barnett b* traneferred from the
LiJicoln Evening School to the Humboldt Even
ing Hirh School during- the leave of Charles
L T-_rn«?r. '¦ •-•
That _Mlfs Julia C. Coffey of the Spring
Vall»y Grammar School t>e transferred to the
Couth San Kranciscj Parental School.
That the demand of Frank McSheehy for
tb* sum of S'^liD (or alterations and additions
to the Lowell High School be approved and
ordewd I'aid.
That Mrs. Marj' J. Parolini be elected prin
cipal of the Jchn W. Tayior Primary School.
That the lease of tb* children's playground
t* ten*r.-*d lor on? year and the president and
ftcraary authorized and directed to enter Into
sr.d execute a lease for the same.
That the Biard of Public Works be requested
to prepare sn estimate of the cost of leveling
end ¦ tilling in of the Richmond Primary
Fchool lot.
Th8t k E. Knowlton be appointed to take
charge • of the ¦ foreign adult class in the
Richmond Evening School vice P. T. RIley,
tremferred.
That Mrs. W. It. Haalam be appointed t-j
the kichraund Evening School vice Mrs. Sykes,
transferred.
Th«t Miss Jacobean be appointed to teach
frhonhand and tyr«writing In the Lincoln
Kvenin^t School. - »jt
1T)R.MS TWO XEW CIjASSES
IN THE BERNAL SCHOOL
, 10:35 a. m. — Parade moves.' ..
1 p. m.—^Literary exercises : in rear
of Hij?h School. /
2 p. m. — Band concert City Hall
Part: -¦¦¦.::-. ¦--:¦¦--— ,/• ~...^.
2 :20 p. m. — Regatta, on Lake Mer
rift, and baseball game at'Idora Paru
between Oakland and- Stockton Lodges
of Elks. ,;
8 p. m." — Fireworks, City , Hall Park,
and band concert. *, v ' \j. ,
8:30 • p.« m.— Ball, Armory Hali;
Twelfth street,- near Broadway. r •'
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS.
WOMAN .ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.— ilrs. J.
Richardson, a married .woman, residing at 2;:n
Eleventh street. -. made ¦ an attempt . to end her
life yesterday by inflicting a deep, lacerated
wound on her throat with a bread knife. It
was the woman's second ; attempt at suicide.
The reason given was that she desired to
escape a capital •. qurgical operation. .
NATIVE SONS WHO WILL TAKE
• , PROMINENT PART IN- THE,CEL
EBRATION. .
At the Reliance Club' a vaudeville
show and high jinks entertained hun
dreds of the visitors to Oakland. Prep
arations were^ , made ,to accornmodate"
the, crowd in the! spacious gymnasium
of L the club, but the. house, accustomed
to seat comfortably'tro'wds that - at
tend, sparring exhibitions 1 and view the
training of Champion Jeffries, .was en
tirely, inadequate to contain . the multi
tude that applied for admission^ Many
were < turned «away. .
V A committee' in 'charge of the- jinks
secured, the services or *a number of
the • vaudeville performers ; in the ¦ local
theaters and the. entertainment, '.con
sisting of songs; recitations "and comic
specialties, lasted until- after midnight
During < the intermission . between the
numbers /. on . the J programme,'.', refresh
ments .were; served and* a' general' good
time was enjoyed; by all. '
Great hosts of strangers last night
for the first time saw. a procession of
.Native Sons of the Golden .West. . The
San Francisco Parlors marched along
Mason, Market, Kearny, -Bush, Mont
gomery and then down Market again
un their way to the ferry to join their
brothers in Oakland in a night parade
and to-day, in the great, day parade in
celebration of the anniversary of the
admission of California into the Union.
Twenty-three parlors .were .repre
sented in the parade by about 1200 Na
tive Sons, who, with banners and, flags,
fireworks and red fire, made an attrac
tive display. .'¦:.*¦'¦
The procession . started from the Na
tive Sons' . headquarters . on "Mason
street and was made up of a ¦ platoon
of mounted police followed by a band of
music, ¦; Grand Marshal H. M. , Squires
and. his aids," Company F, N. .G. C.'a
carriage containing Grand Vice Presi
dent J.. L. Gallagher, Grand, Secretary
Charles H. Turner, Grand Trustee J:
Emmet Hayden and Past Grand Pres
ident C. W. Decker, then California,
Golden Gate, Mission, San Francisco.
El Dorado. Rincon, Yerba Buena, Bay
City, Niantic, National. Hesperian. Al
catraz, Alcalde, South . San Francisco.
Sequoia, Oiyhiftus,- Presidio, Precita,
Marshal, Army and Navy. El Capitan,
Dolores arid Twin Peaks parlors. ;
Almost every parlor had a' beautiful
banner mounted on wheels,' but there
was no special effort at uniform,decor
ation, except that many of the" parlors
turned out with the regalia .. worn
during sessions, 'while Alcalde Parlor
made a fine showing, preceded, by -its
drill corps in bright military uniform.
A bit of color -was .added "by Twin
Peaks Parlor appearing in-line, the
numbers carrying parasois illuminated
with American flags. In the parade'to
day the members ' of the parlors will
appear in uniform attire. A feature of
the procession wasithe banner ; of El
Dorado Parlor ; mounted on wheels and
drawn by a pair of. diminutive donkeys.
, The night parade was a creditable
one. and the members of the different
"subordinates" of the order must,' by
their appearance' in the march, have
created a very favorable impression on
the very large number of ! strangers
who saw them pass down the line. ¦
With the- blare of brass bandstand
the firing of .rockets. and bombs "the
San Francisco parlors met at the foot
of Broadway in Oakland and were^es
corted to their several headquarters.
At least 3000 members of the*organ
ization took part in the Oakland /pa
rade and that' city was filled with visi
tors. ' , ,
The visitors were -met by Berkeley
Parlor, which acted as special escort.
At the slip were also Chairman L.' MJ
Cobbledick of the general 'committee
on arrangements; Frank Smith, chair
man of the reception committee; Sen
ator Joseph Knowland of the recep
tion committee. Rod W. Church and
others, who welcomed • the guests in
the name of the city. As soon as j a
line could be formed the march -was'
begun and the procession paraded
through the main business- streets of
the trans-bay city. • Thousands of peo
ple viewed the ; parade .and -many .ac
companied- the guests to the head
quarters of/the, parlors,, where open
house was kept until a late hour. • ".
The freedom of Oakland has been
given the guest's and to-day members
of the order.from all. over; the State
will celebrate' the admission of Cali
fornia as a member of _ Ae: nation.' ', The
hotel and reception committee;,, which
has headquarters in ; theVold''-Unipn
Bank building, at' the^cornerv'of Ninth
street^and Broadway, had its J. hands
full last night in securing accommoda
tions for visitors. * ¦ '
olclock.a. m. - Marshals of divisions will re
port promptly to the chief of. staff, through an
aid. .when. their dlvtsions are formed. Th«'or
d*r to. advance w!!r«t>e given at .10:35 -o'ejock
Eharp. Organizations not prepared to move
| at- that time will fall In on th; left of line.,
I • Headquarters of- the rr&nd marshal • during
j the formation, will be at the southeast' corner
i of Broadway .and Second street. .
| • Rout*, of .procession — The line .of .march will
be from Second street and Broadway to Sev
enth,, .to .Washington, to 'Fourteenth, to Clay,
to Seventeenth, to San Pablo avenue, to Broad
way, .to Seventh, counter march on Broadway
to Fourteenth, to Clay, to Thirteenth. •«• .
"The .reviewing: stand will be on the west side
of Cl3y. btreet, between Twelfth and. Thirteenth
streets.. . The division* ;wM be dismissed after
they have pass-td in review. ,¦-¦¦ _ ;
Order. of parade.
Advance— S.-C? Hodrk iris. Chief "of Polle*.
commanding: mounted police. ¦ platoon of police
in .charre o^ Sfrreant Lynch: grand marshal.
M. . H u 'S<iu|re3; chief ) of staff, M. 1 N. Card:
chief did. Pcttr J. Curtis *r*clal aids. Geonte
H.. Mason "and. fV E*. .Carl; aids to grand mar
shal; ¦ A. Valencia. Peter' Boulin. Georee Fin
ney.- William Ryan. H...T. Ansbro, C. J: Ras
mussen.' J. E Lvcler. -Joseph- -Byrone, J. P.
Ftnnell, JT: t Haas. ' Georre. White., . Jos?ph W.
Hbgim,- Joseph Fajan, W. -Nordman. Tnoma*
Lane; Charles Glazier, , Milton 2. . Morris, L.
C. Byinston. . T. F; Finn. William Balljnger.
Thomas 'Casfv. L^uts Kuttner.- F. A. Hopp«.
• Ftrst division — Marshal. Daniel!!:. Lowney;
aids— W. ¦ D. . Safcehorn' . Henry Henkln. : F. I}.
Fasair; 'Twentj -eighth United States . Infantry
Regiment 'Band; battalion^, of United States In
fantry, v Twenty-eighth " Regiment, . Captain
O'Conneil •coromandins, . , • ¦ ¦ . .• ,- ¦ ;¦
Seccnd - dtvl£lonA-Marshal, F. J. Coyle: ' ald*r-
Dr. J. W; Smith.' Fred Suhr,' WV J. Paccus;
Fifth- Regiment band: Company .V. Fifth Reg:
rrepU Captain E. ,G. Huht;'Cpmpany'F, Fifth
"Reglment;-'Captaln' George \ H. ' Wethcrn ; Com
pany -G. Fifth Regiment. 'Captain J.. .W. Gn
logly:-; Company A, Veteran Reserves, K.' G.
C. Captain C. K.'KTng cdmmandlng-. >./,,¦
Can lages!, containing. g>and officer?. Native
Sons of" the' Golden* West; carriages -containing
grand Officers. Native Daughter* of the Oolden
W#st:^carrtaies.*c<jntalfi1ng.' J.
chairman' II t(?rary committee; Hon.'Warren"Ol
ney,:Hon. George C- Pardee, James '-.L. Galla
gher, grand flrot vice president,- Ni S: G. W\:
Mr*. ''Ella. £.; Camlnettl.' grand /prwldeht. N.
rrr G : • WV:-m>mbVrV.ar -tbe~Board : bZ Public*
Works and City -Couneit. • city of Oakland;
members of; rfc«,Board'of Supervisors, directors
of th« .-MM-chnnt.V ExcTiange' and'' "Board- of,
Trade, and carriages -containing the | member*
of - tho. -Mexican-. VcUransV Association. <
•Third division— Marshal. John E. McDougalJ;
a/ds— R. J.-Cllne. J.T. ; Hanrahan. J: T. Skel
tftn; Drum and -Bugle Corps of California. Par
lor l*fr" 1 ;- California Parlor No. 1; Sacramento
Band; Sacramento,! Parlor; No. 3; Calif a -Par
lor N'o. 22. N. D. G.W.; Sunset Parlor-No.
26i Granite Parlor* No. "89, 'Courtland Parlor
No. tC6. •¦ - . . ...-,- » .- . 4
Fourth division — Marshal, .' John ' Hannan:
aids— Joseph Rife.. H< ti. • Lerlnson: " Stockton
Band; Stockton Parlor No. 7. ' Joaquin. Earlor
No.. 5. N. D. G.. W.; Jjand:. Pacific Parlor No.
101;'SaiY Jose, Parlor. No. -25. 'San Cose. Parlor
Nb.aRl. N: D. G. W..: ¦• . .. '- ¦-. . :• .
Fifth Division— Marshal. William Bylngton;
aids. .George *Scharept. -Julius -Epfrteln, Edith
Muhlner. Helen -Hsnna; Golden Gate Parlor
Drum Corps; Golden -Gnte Parlcr No. 20; Mi
nerva PvlonNck. 2. N. D..G. W.^ Mission Par
,lor Drum Ccrps; Mission' Parlor No.- 3S; Alta
Parloi- . No. 3. . N. D. I G. / W. ; . San .Francisco
ParJor No, 40. .'•...... , . , .. . . j
.Sixth Division— Marshal.'- Thomas. A. Lane; ;
aid*, . E.' ¦ Webber, -SamtLove; Jordan's .Band;
El, Dorado Parlor Drum Corps; El Dorado Par
lor No. -52; -Fremont' Parlor No. -09,. N. Di-G.
Ws In- carriages; Las Lomas Parlor No. 72,' N. 1
D."G. W., in carrl/ise»;> Mount Tamalpais No. ]
«4 ; tally" hos; iMncori Parlor, Drum porps: Rln- ,
con Parlor No. 72; Yerba'Buena Parlor No. 84;
Santa. 'Cruz Parlor No. 00; Santa Cruz Parlor
No. 2tt, N. D.'G. W.;> Santa Clara Parlor No.
100; Bay. City Parlpf No. 10*. ¦¦¦".,-'
j Seventh' Division— Marshal, -D. *B..BdwIey;
• aids; F. -A. Fox, - John. Toomey,- W. A. Cran
fleld, Mrs» C. 'Hansen. 'Mrs. J. Souge; Golden
Gate Band; Niantlc Parlor Drum Corpn: Nlan
tlc Parlor No. 1C5;. National: Parlor No. 118; i
Yosemlte. Parlor. No. S3.N. D. G.. W.;-Hespe- I
rian Parlor Drum Corps; Hesperian Parlor No. '
137; La, EtitrcIIa ParJor N6.» 80,-. N. D. G. W.; |
Alcatraz Parlor \So. 145; Alcalde. Drum Corps;
Alcalde Drill Corps; -Alcalde, Parlor Xo . 1W,
N. D.: G. .W. \, ..¦;,-•..-;•?--*• • ' • ' <.
¦ '. Eighth Division— Marshal. T. J..- Sullivan:
aids, W..D.. Hotrow. William Ryan; Scott's
¦ Band:-South'San Francisco Drum Corps; South
San Francisco Parlor. No. 157; Sans Soucl.Par
• lor 1 No. (>5>,N^b.G.';W:, In tally ho;,SequoIa
Parlor No.' WO: Menlo Parlor No.. 185; Preclta
.Drum- Corps ;Preclta* Parlor No. 1S7; La Ve«
pero' Parlcr No.* HS.-'N." D. v G." W • Olympus
Parlor No* ISO.* •- - ¦• v ,-'-' •' • ; - » •
*- Ninth' .Div»9;on— Marshal. :J. ' J. -'McElroy;
aids, ; J. •Kramn.rrH, :W.' Morse. 1 " Miss Minnie
'Abrams. Dr: Florence Temple;*Presldl6- Drum
> Corps ;-Pr«*!df<v Parlor No..' 104; Geneyleve Par
lor Drum- Corps; Orltfrja Parlor •No: *5C, N..D.
O.. Xf.; , Geneyleye" Parlor No. 432. N. D. G.
AV.; .'Marshall, Qrum' Corp*: > Marshall Parlor
No. 202; Henderson's". Band; Army and Navy
Parlcr No.. 207,: Pfllore^s ' Parlor J<q. 200; Twin
•Pcifks Drum Corps r Twin- Peaks Parlor No. 214;
• Richmond* Parlor No.*-217; El- Capltan Parlor !
No.: 222: -Keith 'Parlor No..l37., N. ;D. G. W.. .
"in^carrlagrea; *,, » * ¦ ",'i '-,- : * •.' • - •• -.. '¦<
'¦• -Tenth '.division— Marshal,-,. Frank 11.1 Smith: !
fUns.,H,.. Audlfrcd;' E.'WIxsonr Pensacola Band, !
"Las t'osltps Parlor -No. .06. ; Eden r. Parlor No. I
*11S;: Wisteria Parlpr, No.' 127. Washington Par
lor-No. .ion. ICstudlllo. Parlor No.' 22:{.- Ala
raMa Parlor * No: '47.- Maedonald'a' Band. Oak
land- Parldr "No. ' COr'Xtoha ParWr . No. 106, N.
D._jG. ,w;.; floats-. -. . ,: ..- ; ¦.., -\ : . \ : •
"*' Eleventh ."division— Marshal,- Dr.. W." J.- Smith :
aitls.'W.S. Schmidt. Bessie: Woods: ,'J: D. .yes.
'tal.'-MolIie'Rewell:-Woodmen Band, Piedmont
P*rlor No.' 120". Piedmont Parlor No. ;R7. N. .p.
,G. )\V.; -Hateyon Parlor No. 146." -Brooklyn Par
*lor No.tl3V. . "PIonc-?r float," Beookjyn- Parlor;
Maccabees' i/ Band". . 'Athens'" Parlor No.. 133,
Berkeley ; Parlor ; No. * 210. -" ' |
The trained elephants, performing
seals and educated horses are striking
numbers in the big circus programme.
Ringling Brothers are said- never to
have had so big or satisfying a circus
programme as they offer this season.
The street display Monday morning
promises to throng the'streets witlrex
pectant sightseers. The sensational
"thriller" of the circus programme is
the much-talked-of "leaping the gap."
Walter Lowe, the performer, who dares
death by a desperate ride' down' an al
most perpendicular plane about two
feet wide and then flies on his wheel
through ¦; space for fifty-two feet, land
ing on .a padded incline, has caused
more sensational interest than any dar
ing performance brought forward by
a circus enterprise within a generation.
Among the odd creatures of wild na
ture to be seen in the natural history
department of the great show are - the
only rhinoceros in the country, . two
giraffes, a horned horse, baby tigers,
panthers, forty- elephants , and a real
baby elephant still unweaned. The cir
cus acts will be, given in three rings, on
two stages and amid a forest of over
head trappings. • The hippodrome races
will be run on a track one-fourth of a
mile long.
The big spectacle of "Jerusalem and
the Crusades" will open the perform
ance and last about thirty minutes. The
costuming of this feature is lavish in
the extreme and the music and ballet
specialties, as well as the athletic pas
times introduced, are new; There are
200 girls in the ballet and chorus and
the music is furnished by a band of
fifty pieces and a tremendous portable
pipe organ. '
Nearly all the circus artists are new
to San Francisco, they making their
first appearance in America with Ring
ling Brothers. The four Eldreds from
England, the four ' Bedinis from Italy,
the seven Clinserrettis from Germany,
the Tasmanian troupe from. Australia
and the eight Colini-Cairons from
France are among these.
. The riding feats of the and
Bedinis are novel and made a great
hit in" the long Chicago engagement of
the Ringlings. The Dacoma family,
Dollard troupe. Rio brothers, Fortuns
brothers, flying Fishers, three Alvos,
Tybell sisters, Kauffman family, Jack
son family and Genaro and Theoll are
foremost in a long list of circus celebri
ties. ; -.;>; v." ;.- : ' ¦'
Ringling Brothers are known in San
Francisco better than any other circus
firm. The show has grown to enor
mous size. The big tent will hold about
15.000 people. The menagerie annex is
almost as big and the animal collec
tion it contains is claimed to be the
most valuable in America.
Ringling Brothers' , circus will arrive
here . early Sunday morning arid will
at once go into camp at Eleventh and
Marlict streets. The big show will be
in San Francisco all of next week and
will give performances every afternoon
and night, beginning Monday. The
street parade will start from the show
grounds Monday morning at 9:30
o'clock.
The mercury in local, thermometers
took a brief rest Wednesday night and
went back to work with vigor yester
day. The maximum temperature regis
tered was exactly 100 degrees Fahren
heit at 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon,
though the gusss of Old Probabilities
said the weather would be "much
cooler." The average temperature of
the day was practically the same as
that of Wednesday. In the afternoon
a west wind commenced blowing over
the citv at the rate of tv/elve miles an
hour and before the sun had set old
Tamalpais was once again wearing its
customary cloak of fog. Professor Mc-
Adie of the Weather Bureau says he
feels sure that a cool spell is due and
that to-day will be much more, com
fortable. . . :
- The lowest point to which the mer
cury fell Wednesday night was 76 de
grees. At 9 o'clock yesterday morning
the thermometric registration was 78,
at 9:30 o'clock, 85; at 10 o'clock, 89; at
10:30, 86: at 11 o'clock. 89 again; at 12
o'clock, 93; at 1:15 o'clock, 98; at 2:30.
100; at 3 o'clock. 96; at 4 o'clock, 95,
and at 4:45 o'clock, 94; at 6 o'clock 93;
at 9 o'clock, 90; at 11 o'clock, 8S; at
12 o'clock, 83; at 1 o'clock this morn
ing. 82. .
The humidity was lower even yester
day, than Wednesday, the official' record
being 15- per cent. People generally
seemed to feel warmer yesterday than
the day before, but such impressions
had no scientific basis, for the tempera
ture was actually two-tenths of a de
gree less on top of the Mills building
and the humidity was Ies3. The public ,
did not realize how hot it was Wednes- '
day and the ' weather experts j had few
inquiries to answer, but yesterday Mc-
Adie's telephone was ringing all day.
long,, for. the people wanted the record
broken again and believed it had been. :
The mercury touched 9S \at Point
Reyes and 71 at the Farallones. Strong
breezes were reported from" all direc
tions last night. Eastern people were
surprised and it win require much to
convince them that spells of hot
weather are not frequent.
The Goulds are quietly preparing
formally to annex the Western Pa
cific Railway Company project to the
great system of railroads which they
control. Having selected. a route for
the new line across the Sierra and
entered the Eastern market for ma
terial for the construction of the
Western extension of their roads, they
have now injected into the directorate
of the Western Pacific Company one
of their ablest representatives, who
will" undoubtedly have much to say in
the future affairs of the new enter
prise.
At a meeting of the board of direc
tors of, the Western Pacific Company
held yesterday in this city Edward T..
Jeffery, president of the Denver and
Rio Grande Railway, was elected a
director of the new road, succeeding
William Gray, a clerk in the employ
of Attorney Bartnett, who had been
chosen a director at the time the
Western Pacific Company was incor
porated.-. .;'*'.¦;
A statement announcing the ..elec
tion of Jeffery was issued later in the
day by J. Dalzell Brown, treasurer of
the Western Pacific Company, who is
acting for Attorney Bartnett In the
latter's absence in the East. When
asked if, Jeffery had not been placed
on the board as the official represent
ative of the Goulds, Treasurer Brown
declined to make any further state
ment. It is generally understood,
however, that the construction of the
new road, which Is to begin soon, will
be carried on under the supervision of
the Yards. One of them, H. H. Yard,
has been prominently identified with
the local end of the railroad project,
while the other is Chief Engineer
Yard of the Denver and Rio Grande
Railway. The Yards will report di
rectly to Director Jeffery and he in
turn to the; Xew York office of the
Goulds.
Mirs Mitchell, is a handsome maiden
of 19 years and one of the most ac
complished belles of Xew York, having
been carefully educated abroad and in
this country. She was chosen to rep
resent Milwaukee by a committee ap
pointed by Mayor Rose. In conferring
this honor upon her the committee took
into cc-n5ideration the fact that the
Mitchell family is one of the oldest in
Milwaukee, the growth of which was
materially assisted by the efforts of her
father, the late United States Senator
John L. Mitchell, and her grandfather,
Alexander Mitchell, who was one of
Milwaukee's pioneers.
During their stay in this city the
members of the launching party will
have their headquarters at the St.
Francis hotel. They expect to remain
here until Monday, when Mrs. Mitchell
and her daughter will leave for the
north, to return home by way of the
Canadian Pacific road.
Miss Jar.et Mitchell, who is to offici
ate at the launching of the armored
cruiser Milwaukee at the Union Iron
Works to-morrow, arrived from Wis
consin last evening accompanied by
her mother and a party of fifteen prom
inent residents of her native city. The
delegation, selected by Mayor Rose of
Milwaukee 'to represent that city at the
launrhir.p. numbers 100. The majority
of th*?e arrived in San Francisco in
advarce with the Knights Templar.
Mayor Rose, who originally intended
to head the party, found it impossible
to come West, and delegated. Judge
Paul D. Carpenter of the County Court
cf Milwaukee to represent. him here.
Besides Mies Mitchell, lier - mother
end Judge Carpenter, the party which
errlved here last evening includes S. M.
Becker, an Alderman of Milwaukee,
Mrs. Becker. Miss H. Mitchell. Miss
Mtrtin. Mrs. M. Martin. Mr. and Mrs.
Largh^ff, Miss Cohen. Miss Singer, G.
D. Wilkinson. Mitchell MaekieTPhillipp
Jung, a wealthy brewer, and "Mrs. Mor
rison.
Judge J. D. Carpenter Will
Represent Mayor Rose of
the Wisconsin Metropolis
After Templar Week Spec
tacle of "Jerusalem and the
Crusades" Will Be Apt
New Road to Be Built by the
Yard Bros., Who Repre
sent the Eastern Capitalists
Strong Wind Springs Up in
Afternoon and Fog Again
Enshrouds Old Tamalpais
SPLENDID ANIMAL SHOW
READY FOR CEREMONY
HUMIDITY IS VERY LOW
THEIE CONTKOL SHOWN
President Jeffrey of Their
Kio Grande System Elected
to Western Pacific Board
Great Circus Makes Eoom
Under -Its CanTas for
Begiments of Spectators
Hot Weather Continues/but
Meteorologist Says Cool
Period Must Occur Soon
Janet Mitchell, Who Is to
Christen New Cruiser, Ar
rives From Milwaukee
RINGLING TENTS
COVER AN ARMY
WILL ATTEND
THE LAUNCHING
MEKCURY TARES
ANOTHER CLIMB
GOCLDS' AGENT
MADE DIRECTOR
THE SAN ERANGISCO- GALL-, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER; :9/?i^4V
With Fireworks, Banners and Martial Music Local- Parlors Parade
City's Streets at Night on Their Way to Oakland, the Celebra
tion City, Where Grand Demonstration Takes Place To-Day
STATE'S ANNIVERSARY REM EMBERED
BY NATIVE SONS OF TH E GOLDEN WEST
16
FREE. FREE.
PERFUMES./
A ; 40-cent; Bottle of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES/;
. 'Made in California and con-,
: tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests ¦ because \ they
:are: ; ¦,;: <,¦'¦;' "::-.\ ¦ ; *. , " ; V : ;:
; '-'Perfumes > r Made Where the
, r ; 'Flowers i; Grow."- ,
FREEivTO «• WANT! AD-tPA^.^
TRONS ,:OF/TJiE A CALi;:; --
i See. announcement ' on classi- *
fied \ advertising ~i page^, /:} \\ , ; - ,*
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
PERSIAN LAMB
JACKETS
$75 to $200
These prices wiD grow
eloquent when yon ex-
amine the quality and
elegance of the jackets.
DONT FORGET CUR. NUMBER.
Sv yj^^». . 9&4Y. !3 ft ' /• \ v I af Vi3v(')»5l
Painless 1
ra Painless FUIIn&s ; 25c \
B Painless Crowns .$3.50 \
BFuflSetof Teeth $4.00 II
|| "VAN VROOW l!
gu Sixth and Market T'q
The Joy of Eating
is common to all humanity tintil
the organs go wrong — then jay
is turned to sorrow and food
does the body little or no good.
If you .would return to the
ability to enjoy food use
Beeeham's
Sold Everywhere. la boxea 10c. and 23c
j!;: MERCHANT TAILORS. \
\ C22 Market Street. >
s Up Stairs. Op^. Palacs HotsL 5
| SAN FRANCISCO.- \
J^Noj^eltiesfn^ta^ortei Wear g
THE MADVAIS MUSIC CO.
1 933 Market St., Opp. Mason.
SHEET 2TOSIC AT KAIT PSICX.
AD\T:KTlSl£3tEN'TS.
¦ Miss Nettie Blackmore, Min- ¦
neapolis, tells how any young
woman may be permanently
cured of monthly pains by tak-
ing Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" Yocso Wouex : —r I had frequent
headaches of a severe nature, dark
r pots before my eyes, and at my men-
etrual j>criods I suffered untold agony.
A nxcaibcr of the lodjje advised me to
try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, but I only scorned
jrood advice and felt that my case was
hopeless, but che kept at me until I
bought a bottle and started taking
it. I 600a had the best reason in thp
world to chanjo my opinion of the
medicine, as each day my health im-
proved, and finally I was entirely with-
out pain at ny menstruation periods*
I am most grateful." — Nettie Black-
U03E, 23 Central Avc, Minneapolis,
Minn-— #5000 forfeit If original cf eboee letter
prooing gensinenees estinot be pniiitsi.
If there is anything about your
case about wliich you would
like special advice, write freely
to Mrs. Pinkham. Sh e will hold
your letter in strict coniidence.
She can surely help you, for 110
person in America can speak
from a wider experience in treat-
ing: female ills. She has helped
hundreds of thousands of women
back "to* health; 1 Her address is
Lynn, Mass. : her advice is freei