Political - News Continued on Page 2.
Wax News Continued oa Paio 3,
banks. Chairman Cortelyou and . Loeb
held ,av conference in the President's
library. It "continued far into the night.
All Information -V concerning it ' was
withheld. It is known, -however, that
in "'¦: a general the conduct of - the
campaign, .the 'speech of
acceptance" of , his . nomination, the part
Senator 'Fairbanks ~is to .take in the
campaign' and- other* details were con
sidered. 1
VIENNA, July. 11.— A dispatch from
Belgrade to the Neue- Wiener Tage
blatt says an attack was made on a
train running from Salonica to Con
stantinople,, near Dede Agach. as the
result of which many persons were
killed or injured. No details are given.
Belgrade Dispatch Tells of Mnrdcr
Done on" Cars *Running Between
Salonica and Constantinople.
MANY PERSONS KILLED
IN ATTACK ON TRAIN
Steerage Fare of $10 Will Be Raised
to Original Rate Unless Unex
pected Obstacles Appear.
LONDON, Juiy 11.— Unless unexpect
ed are raised by the represen
tatives of the steamship lines at a
further conference to be held with the
president of the Board of 'Trade,' Ger
ald Balfour.-the emigrant rate war will
be settle'd' within a few -days. This
means that the $10 rate \fill immedi
ately be abandoned and that emigrants
bound for America* must pay $27. 50," the
rate charged before the struggle i beiran.
EMIGRANT RATE WAR .MAY
END IN A FEW DAYS
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. July 11.
Louis Padillas. a boy of Las Padillas,
twelve • miles south cf this city, was
rhot and probably fatally wounded by
a memb»r of a gang of alleged stock
thieves who suspected him of having
given information against them. Of
ficers from this city went in pursuit of
the gang, which fled toward the Man
zano Mountains.^ So far the gang has
eluded the posse
Member, of Gang of Desperadoes Fat
ally Wounds Youth Suspected
of Being an Informer.
STOCK THIEF SHOOTS BOY
WHO TOLD OF HIS DEEDS
WASHINGTON, July 11.— By an
order^issued at the War Department
to-day Brigadier General : Frederick
Funston has .been > detached fronv the
command of the Department of the
Columbia and, placed in command of
the. Department of .the East, a post
temporarily/ held by Major General
Corbin, who is In command of . the At
lantic division, comprising the Depart
ments of the East and the Gulf.
Brigadier General . Constant Wil
liams, now at . San Antonio, has been
ordered^ to. take command of -the ' De
naj-tment' of ; the Columbia.
Kansas Soldier Ordered by War De
' - pa rt men t to Assume , Charge of v
the Atlantic Division.
FUNSTON NOW COMMANDS
DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST
A company of Cossacks, during a re
connoissance near Sianchen. in the di
rection of Liaoyang and Salmasza, am
bushed a squadron of Japanese cav
alry. The Cossacks' losses were three
horses killed. The Japanese lost twen
tv men killed or wounded.
IJf men "'"-
LIAOYANG, July 11.— At about noon
on July 9 a Japanese force of six com
panies of infantry and two guns was
observed marching: southward from
the Black Mountains in the vicinity oi
Siadlama. At the same time a brigade
of Japanese infantry with two bat
teries advanced from Wida Pass, con
centrating at Siadlama. Firing com
menced In the afternoon and lasjed
until dusk, when the Russians retired.
In this affair two Russian officers and
fifteen men wei-e wounded and four
men were killed.
Squadron of Japanese Cavalry Runs
Into a Trap Near Sianchen.
COSSACKS SET AN AMBUSH.
ST. LOUIS, July 11. — The indict
ment charging James Selbert, Excise
Commissioner of St. Louis, with hav
ing conspired to hinder and obstruct
the administration of the laws through
issuing rules allowing dram ¦ shops to
keep open on Sunday, to have music
and to ran gambling devices, was dis
missed to-day in the St. Louis Circuit
Court.
Circuit Court Orders Dismissal of In
dictment Against St. Louis
Excise Official.
COM3IISSIONER SEIBERT
..IS RELEASED BY COURT
Circumstances. Indicate That Young
Woman Was Murdered to Hide
- Hqr? and Another's -Shame.
ROCHESTER. . N". Y., July 1 1.— The
body of , Miss Birdie; Hart : has been
found in' the packing-house of John W.
Halleur ': at 'Webster under circum
stances that -indicate > murder. An at
tempt was niade" Friday" night to burn
the packlng-house'and' later the body
was V discovered;' To-day * an autopsy
disclosed- ,that" T the girl " would soon
have ; become a mother.
DISCOVERY OF GIRL'S BODY
" DISCLOSES GREAT CRIME
CALDWELL, Idaho. July * 11.— Miss
Bertha Masterson, age 17, and Miss Ida
Shuey.' age 19, were drowned In a
slough near the home of G. W. Shuey,
about two miles from here, to-day. The
bodies of both have been recovered.
Miss Shuey, whose home is in Kan
sas, was the niece of G. W. Shuey, and
was here on a visit. Miss Masterson
was the daughter of Dan Masterson.
a rancher of MIddleton. The two
young women went to the slough to
bathe. Just how the drowning oc
curred is not known. When they did
not return search was made. Their
clothing was found and immediately a
search was made for the bodies,- which
was successful in a short time.
Sad Fate Overtakes Daughter of Idaho
Rancher and Her ."
Guest. , .
YOUNG WOMEN BATHERS
ARE DROWNED IN SLOUGH
Lieutenant Pruyn, who has promi
nent relatives in Albany, enlisted, in
th* Forty-second Volunteer Infantry
in October. 1899. In February. 1901.
he wis appointed a second lieutenant
in the Fourteenth Infantry and was
later transferred to the Second Infan
try and then back to the Fourteenth.
WASHINGTON. July 11 Second
Lieutenant John McE. Pruyn, Four
teenth United States Infantry, was re
cently courtmartialed In Philippines
on charges which included that of in
toxication. The records of the case
have reached the judge advocate gen
eral of the army, but it will not be dis
posed of until the return to Washing
ton of the Secretary of War. It is
understood that the sentence imposed
by the court, of which Colonel C. B.
Hall is president, and which was held
at Calbayog. Samar, from April 25 to
28. is that Lieutenant Pruyn be dis
missed from the service.
Iamb of Straps, It Is Understood, Is
Sentence Imposed Upon Second
Lieutenant Pruvu.
DISMISSAL FROM ARMY
MAY BE OFFICER'S FATE
WASHINGTON, July 11.— The In
terstate Commerce Commission to-day
announced its statistics of the railways
in the United States for the fiscal year,
ending June 30. 1903. They show that
the par value of the railway capital
then outstanding was $12,599,990,258,
which represents a capitalization of
$63,186 per mile.
The number of passengers carried
was 694,891,535, an increase of 4 5,
033,030 over the previous. year; the
freight carried 1.304,394,323 tons, an
increase of 104,078,536 tons. The
gross earnings from the operation of
the to'tal of 205.313 miles of railway
line, which is the aggregate single
track mileage, were $1,900,846,907, an
increase of $174, 466, 640; operating ex
penses $1,257,538,852, an increase, of
$141,290,106; net earnings $643,308,
055, an increase of $33,176,335; in
come from other sources than opera
tion $205,687,480; net income avail
able for dividends or surplus $296,
376,045. Total casualties 86,393 of
which 9840 represented the number of
persons killed and . 76.553 those In
jured* Aggregate number of. loco
motives in service .43.871, increase
2646; cars in service 1,173.389. an in
crese of over 113,000 during the year.
During Cast Fiscal Year. Railroads in
United States Carried Nearly
700,000,000 Passengers.
REPORT SHOWS GREAT
I INCREASE OP TRAVEL
BERLIN, July 11.— A large number
of German papers, 306 in all, have
printed protests against v the favors
shown to the Vanderbilts, the Goelets
and other American millionaires during
the Kiel regatta. The report that the
Vanderbilts are proceeding north on
their steam yacht In company with the
Hohehzollern, on which the Kaiser
will make his trip to Scandinavia, is
sure to cause a fresh outbreak along
this line.
The Morning Post contrasts in fierce
terms : the Kaiser's neglect in not ' re
ceiving the -.deputation of German
Southwest African colonists with this
favoritism . shown the Americans. The
Faper;says: • .r , i .
."If the -Kaiser, has time to concern
himself with American money, bags, he
ought to have found time to devote to
the misfortunes of Germans in Africa."
. The .'article Is so bitter that it Is ex
pected lese majeste proceedings against
the paper will result.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, July 11. — Sixteen per
sons were killed and about three-score
injured in the rear-end collision be
tween trains on the Greenwood Lake
division of the Erie Railroad at Mid
vale, N. J., yesterday. The official list
given out here shows -that fourteen
adults and two children lost their
lives. Many of the injured are seri
ously hurt and some of them may die.
The dead: Henry Becker, Hoboken;
Walter, Hodge Weddell, a child, Jersey
City; Henry Kanzer, New York; Wal
ter Kanzer, child, New York; Owen
Murphy, Jersey City; Henry Kock,
Hoboken; William Kane, Hoboken;
Mrs. Agnes - Lenkohl, New York;
Ward McDearmott, Hoboken; Henry
Otterstedt, Hoboken; William Renz,
New York; Henry Rohfling, Hoboken;
George Scheer, Hoboken; William
Wiedemyer Jr., Hoboken; William
Windeknecht. Hoboken; Mrs. Susan
Palmer of New York.
Official List of New Jersey Railroad
Disaster Reduces Number of
Dead' by One.
FOURTEEN ADULTS AXD TWO
CHILDREN DEE IN WRECK
An hour later, -Bliss arrived ; from
New York and , was -taken to Sagamore
Hill in ' . one ..of f the ¦-. President's . . car
riages. It was expected that' he would
remain .until ; to-morrow, •.' but 1 he was
obliged to return to New,; York this
afternoon. : Bliss • declined to , discuss
the details of the afternoon conference.
The President': and Mrs. Roosevelt : en
tertained Pi Senator Fairbanks : -, and
Chairman 1 Cortelyou atVa'family'.'dtn
ner c to-night. ..The only - other , guests
were Secretary; and] Mrs. ¦ Loeb. '-t After,
dinner :tne ; Eresideht,;. Senator'iFair-;
The arrival "of Senator Fairbanks
was preceded by ah Important confer^
ence concerning the details. of theaam
paign and . the. President's \ speecn* of
acceptance- of the nomination for' t the
Presidency. The parties to it were the
President,-, Cortelyou > and Cornelius N.
Bliss of New York, treasurer, of ¦ the
Republican National Committee^ \
Cortelyou arrived from Washington
early in the day, accompanied r by his
confidential secretary, H. O.! Weaver.
He wa^drlven to the summer 'execu
tive office, • where tie was -joined' by
Secretary Loeb. Together/ theyg drove
to Sagamore Hill. Chairman Cortelyou
declined .to make any comments either
oh ' the candidates nominated ; , by I the
Democratic, party, the . action :of ¦' the
St. Louis convention' or the platform. •„
BLISS JOINS CONFEREES.'-
, OYSTER BAT, N. Y., July 11.—Sen
ator Charles W. Fairbanks of Indiana,
Republican candidate for Vice Presi
dent,, is a guest at Sagamore Hill to
night. The Senator arrived unaccom
panied at Sagamore Hill this evening. ,
It was expected that he would ' arrive
earlier, but he missed connections at
Long Island City and was delayed
nearly ah hour.
The Vice Presidential candidate came
directly^ from Indianapolis and was ac
corded a cordial reception at: the sta
tion as he alighted from the train. He
responded to the greetings by lifting
his hat. Senator Fairbanks was con
ducted to the President's carriage 'and
was driven directly to Sagamore .Hill;
As the "open carriage passed through*
the village, Senator Fairbanks ~i was
recognized by many persons. His re^
ception at Sagamore Hill was char
acterized by noticeable cordiality.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt : _ and
George B. Cortelyoui who is a guest of
the President, gave' the' Senator ; a
hearty greetings It was the first meet-:
ing of the President and Senator Fair
banks since \ they were nominated.'
PLANNING FOR CAMPAIGN.'
Kaiser's Courtesy to
Rich Americans
Denounced.;
Party Leaders in
Conference at
Oyster Bay.
EMPEROR
ASSAILED
BY PRESS
POLITICAL LEADERS WHO- ARE
PARTICIPATING IN - FORMULA
' TION OF CAMPAIGN PLANS.
"If I recover," she said to-night, "I
will take gas the next time. I am his
fourth *.vife. He is divorced from the
other three, one of whom Is In an In
sane asylum.".'.
Going into another room, she pro
cured a "vial of carbolic acid and, re
turning, cried:
"You may keep me from going with
you, Walter, but you can't keep me
from going off the earth."
Before he could stop her, she had
swallowed the contents of the vial. Her
life was saved by prompt work.
The husband has disappeared. Mrs.
Cowden believes that he is en route to
Chicago with his trunk, which she de
clares, contains about $1000. He hoarded
his money, she declared, buying noth
ing but food for her.
ST. LOUIS, July 11. — Mrs. Walter
Cowden, formerly Miss Frances Hall,
who was married two years ago in
Oakland, Cal., to-day swallowed car
bolic acid in the presence of her hus
band. She was removed to the City
Hospital, where The Call correspondent
was Informed late to-night that she
might recover.
Cowden told her to-day that he in
tended going to Chicago and would
send for her later. She insisted upon
accompanying him and he agreed to
permit her to do so, provided, as she
claims, that she would pay her own
fare. She tried to put her wearing ap
parel into his trunk. He slammed the
lid down, hurting her shoulder, she
says.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEFU, July 11.— Heavy firing at
Port ArthtJTl s:aa. heard between Land
2 o'clock on Sunday afternoon ,by the
Chicago Daily News* dispatch-boat
Fawan. During the day the Japanese
picket ship stood closer to the entrance
of the harbor than usual. At '11:13
o'clock at night heavy firing was again
heard, and the activity of the search
lights indicated the approach of Japa
nese torpedo-boats. The attack lasted
fifty minutes, but it was impossible to
ascertain what was accomplished. It
is likely, however, that the boats placed
mines In the outer harbor.
Much smoke hangs over Port Arthur.
On Monday morning the dispatch-boat
Fawan ran in as far as it dared. Occa
sional firing was heard. Two heavy
explosions were noticed at about 10:30
o'clock, followed by a cloud of. black
smoke, which rose above West Basin.
Many drifting mines have been seen
on this cruise. One of these was a Rus
sian electro-contact mine. Others were
not familiar to the men on the Fawan.
All of these mines were, in neutral
waters. Apparently the Russians place
no limit on their sending out of float
ing mines. It is almost impossible to
see these mines in a heavy sea or when
sailing against the sunlight. It Is ut
terly impossible to see them at night or
in fogs. Many inoffensive junks have
been destroyed by striking them'. The
Fawan passed a fragment of a blown
up junk to-day.
At Hwangchingtao Islands it is In
sisted that a warship painted white,
with four yellow funnels, steamed out
of Port Arthur at 9 o'clock on Thurs
day morning, and keeping a south
easterly course had the Miaotao Islands
abeam when It perceived the Japa
nese ships, and turning back circled to
the north of Hwangchingtao and then
made off at full speed in the direction
of Thoki Island, pursued by eight Japa
nese torpedo-boats. One fisherman said
that his boat was almost run down by
the Russian cruiser, the decks of which
were packed with men. The JapansM
boats were seen returning at S o'clock.
While observing the firing at Port Ar
thur it was noticed that a bombard
ment was apparently being conducted
from some distance inland. The shots
, averaged sixteen a minute. It was lm«
possible to distinguish between the firs
of the Japanese guns and the reply ol
the Russians. Allowing for five min
utes as the fastest economical rate o!
discharge for each gun, it was esti
mated that the Japanese have no*
eighty siege guns in position.
CIIEFU. July 11. — There was heavy
firing at Port Arthnr from midnight
until 3 o'clock this morning.
PARIS, July 12. — It is said that the
Vladivostok squadron now consists of
Jive warships, it having been joined by
a battleship and a cruiser that es
caped from the Japanese cordon at
Port Arthur.
Former Oakland Wo
man^serleu by
- : Husl)anu;
WIFE FAILS
IN ATTEMPT
AT SUICIDE
LONDON*, July 12. — Advices from
Far Eastern points indicate that the
time has arrived fcr the final a^-nult
upon Porr Arthur by the Japanese and
tliat, anticipating the fall of the
stronghold, tin? Russian fleet will
make a dash to sea ami attempt to ef
fect a juncture with the Vladivostok
squadron. Decisive battles on land
and sea are imminent.
Zeller is a market gardener, who had
always borne a good reputation until
Saturday morning, when he stabbed his
v ife to death and then killed his father
in-law, J. R. Burkamp, €9 years of age,
who had run to his daughter's assist
ance. Both of his victims died in a few
minutes, and Zeller then entered his
dwelling, wiped the blood off the knife
and struck out across a cornfield. That
was the last seen of him until his dra
matic reappearance this afternoon.
He afterward explained that it was
because he was desperate to get a
drink of water and something to eat
that he came out of his hiding place.
"My sons abused me and my wife
took thfcir part." he said. "It had been
Eoing on for years. It hurts me to
talk."
To the ogicers Zeller was able to say
a few -words before he sank into an un
conscious condition. It was gathered
I:om his fragmentary sentences that
he had lain out in the high brush be
tween his house and the cemetery dur
ing the entire time the "posse was
Bearchlng for him, and he said that
several officers passed within six feet
of him.
"What was the cause of the trag
edy?" Zeller was asked. . /• , l
ZelJer was carried into his own home,
only a stone's throw from the scene,
I.!aced in a comfortable position and
left In charge of a police officer.
Suddenly during the services Zeller
• merged from a thicket on the ceme
tery grounds and attracted the atten
tion of the mourners. He was still
armed with the knife with which he
had committed the murders. Those at
the grave were dazed at sight of the
man. Before they had time to cry out
or run he drew the knife twice across
his abdomen and fell to the ground.
City Physician Ralph, who happened
to be near by, snatched the knife from
his hands and prevented him harming
himself further. But the wounds were
serious enough. Dr. Ralrh siid.^to cause
the man's death.
OMAHA. July 11.— William Michael
Zeller supplied" a horrible culmination
to the brutal double- murder of his wife
and htr father on Saturday by appear
ing unexpectedly in the midst of the
mourners at t the funeral this afternoon
and slashing himself twice across the
body, disemboweling himself.
A large posse of deputy sheriffs and
j.olice officers, assisted by scores of
neighbors an< j friends of the murdered 1
l>air. had been hunting the adjacent
« oods and fields for miles around for
irore than two days. Many of these
r.ien had temporarily abandoned the
search In order to be present at the
funeral ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call
McKean was covered with blood from
face and hands. After having his cuts
dressed he sought to have the girls ar
rested, but the Justice would not draw
complaints for him. McKean left town
this morning. f •*
"We all had grievances against hirA"
said one of the girls, to-day. "He^hf d
been scandalizing all of us and wede
cided to give him a lesson. One young
lady felt so badly over the way he
talked about her that she moved away
from town."
-McKean's shouts failed to bring as
sistance and after he had repeatedly
begged for mercy the girls let hint up,
with a warning to be careful in the
future. '¦"• <-*.;'£
The feeling against McKean has
been growing among the young women
of the town for some time. It culmin
ated last night, when seven of his for
mer sweethearts met and agreed to
purish him. The seven were Misses
Ada Jennings, Lottie Barton, Josie
Sherwood, Mollie Forgie, Marie Hutch
ins. Ella. Hutchins and Hose Jones.
Each girl equipped herself with a raw
hide, or quirt. One of the number -was
sent"out;to JocateMcKean and 'reported
that he r was calling :upon" Miss Pratt. '
The seven then stole quietly , to the
home of Miss Pratt and found McKean
sitting on the porch. One -of the girls
asked him to come out, as they wanted
to speak to him. McKean refused.-
At once the seven girls rushed upon
the porch, dragged McKean from his
chair and threw him to the- floor. He
fought oesperately, but was overpow
ered and. while he was held down, the
girls took turns in lashing him, un
ceremoniously brushing aside Miss
Pratt and her mother and giving no
heed to the screams of the two.
SALT LAKE, July 11.— Because he
Is said to have made improper remarks
concerning seven young women of Mil
ford, John McKean, agent "of the Con
tinental Oil Company, was whipped
last night by the indignant maidens
until he cried for mercy.
McKean had made himself promi
nent in local society and had paid at
tention to a number of young women.
It is said that each time he trans
ferred his attentions to a new. girl he
made slighting remarks of her prede
cessor.
Special Dirratch to The Call
In this announcement the public^ is
apprised of the marriage of UnUed
States Senator William A. Clark to
Miss Anna E. La Chappelle, the cul
mination of a romance that began
about nine years ago. Tardy. is the an
nouncement, it is true, for three years
have elapsed since in Marseilles.France,
the ceremony was performed that made
the handsome child of the Western
mining fields the bride of the many
times millionaire and United States
Senator. With the announcement of the
marriage comes the tidings that it has
been blessed by the birth of a girl,
now quite two years old.
Senator Clark informed his daugh
ters, Mrs. Clark Culver and Mrs. Lewis
Rutherford Morris, of his marriage,
shortly after his arrival from the Eu
ropean steamship Teutonic on June 30.
He was then on his way to St. Lout3
to' take part • in the ! convention pro
ceedings. The, daughter^ wer4« much
'iiirpriaea"' w'he'n he % made~'fcn6wn > the
secret that he had kept so' well for
three, years. .The surprise was particu
larly keen' because they had never ob
jected to their father remarrying.
It was while in one of the mining
towns where his interests He that Sen
ator Clark, about nine years ago, was
present when the miners' wives and
families were enjoying a Fourth of
July celebration. There were all man^
ner of costumes, but that which par
ticularly caught the eye of Senator
Clark represented the goddess of lib
erty. It was gracefully worn by Anna
E. La Chappelle.
Senator Clark learned that La
Chappelle, the father of the girl, was
a French-Canadian physician who.
his wife and family, had turned
to the United States and Its Western
field for a livelihood.
-La Chappelle died suddenly In Chi
cago. Senator Clark made the girl his
ward soon afterward and provided her
with opportunities for such tuition as
he considered she should have.
Mrs. Clark is at present in Paris.
NEW YORK, July 11. — 'Clark— La
Chappelle — On May 25, 1301, at Mar
seilles, France, W. A. Clark to Anna E.
La Chappelle, both of Butte, Montana."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Their Union Blessed a Year later by
-' \ the Arrival of a Baby
Daughter.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 11.— The
Vladivostok squadron has* again put to
sea and early news of its operations
off the coast of Japan is expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Japanese Are Ready for the Final
Assault Upon the Gibraltar of
the. Par East.
i'unicipih Justice Afterward Refuses
to .'ssue Wamnts for Iheir
/.rrest. .-"-.
Suddenly Appears Alter
Posse Had Sought Him
Vainly lor Days.
Inflicts Mcr'al Wounds Upon Him
self Be'cre Mourn c rs Can
Interfere
Wedded Three Years Ago
to Young Woman Who
Was His Ward.
Rawhides Laid On Until
Bleeding Vic-.im Cries
Out for Mercy.
Port Arthur Fleet May
Basil Out to 'jiiiect Junc
ture Witn Skrydloff.
Senator Clark Sur
prises Family and
Murderer Attempts
Suicide at Grave
oi Victims.
Seven Utah Young
Women Punish
Delamer. i
Vladivostok Ships
Sail on Another
Cruise.
ANNOUNCES
HIS SECRET
MARRIAGE
HUNTED MAN
WOOS DEATH
AT FUNERAL
MALIGNED
MAIDS PLY
HORSEWHIP
PHANTOM
SQUADRON
IS RAIDING
SENATOR FAIRBANKS VISITS
THE PRESIDENT AND PLANS
FOR CAMPAIGN ARE MADE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY "i 12, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 42.
THE WEATHt:*.*.
:- .--- ¦ -¦: , r7>j6£
rorecast made at San X"ran-
Cisco lor thirty bours endlns
mldnisrht. July 12:
San Francisco and victaitr—
Fair Tuesday; fresh westerly
winfis. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
¦ • -
The San Francisco Call.
_J TEi!'' TJU1ATXKS.
>O : — rv
- Alcaasar — "Heartsease." '.\
" Calif orala — "Tie Honorable Jolra
Worti." if* >, "V " f ,
• Central— "Alonsr the Moiawk."
Chntes-rVaudevlUe^* »/>«• *
Colombia — "Cousla Kate."
Fischer's— "A inciy Etos*." '
Grand— "Mr. Bara«» of 2T«w
York. w> Vv. - ,-/
Orpheum-— Vandeville. >-"
Tivell — "Botoin Hood?*
I :Mack of Sew York Interprets the
Convention's Instructions.
ST. LOUIS, July 1L — Democratic
National Committeeman Norman E.
Mack of New York to-night sent the
following message' to William F. Shee
han of New York, making clear the
exact status of the new national com
mittee and When- it will have its first
regular meeting, in order to dispel
rumors that have arisen regarding the
.VATIOXAL COMJllTTEE'S STATUS.
HONOLULU— Sailed - July 11— Jap stmr
America Maru. for San ; Francisco; - U S stmr
German, for Manila, ¦
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 11— Br" bark
Simla, for Sydney. NSW. -
ISLAND PORTS. -' -V
ABERDEEN— Arrived July H— Stmr G C
I-lndaurr. hence July 7; strnr. Santa Barbara
hence July 8. ; '
July 11— Schr Henry Wllison, ' for San
Francisco
EUREKA— Sailed July 11— Stmr Alliance,
for Coos Bay. • . «
Monday. July n,
Stmr Kewsboy. Adlcr. Crescent City.
DOMESTIC PORTS. "?:
Monday July ' 11.
Stxnr Breakwater, Seaman, 83 I hours from
Coos Bay. / •
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SEATTLE/ Wash., July ,11.—Sum
mary:. 'Jf , ..^
First race, five and a half furlongs-
North Pole won; Rosebud second, J. H
Bennett third. Time, 1:03%:
' Second race, six furlongs— Resigned
won,- Loa Merdlng second, Evermore
third. Time, 1:15. •
Third race, one mile and fifty yards-
Kitty Kelly won. Illowaho second.
Colonel Van third. Time, 1:44%.
F6urth race, seven furlongs— Ripper
won; Pilot second,. Decoy third. Time
1:28. •¦-..: -% ' .-' v,, '¦;,. ¦
Fifth race, six furlongs— Saint Philip
pina won, Maxtress second, Chief Alo
ha third. Time; 1:13%.
Sixth race, one mile-^Red , Damsel
won. The Fretter second, Frank Woods
third. Time, 1:41%.
Purse .Winners' at Seattle.
BUFFALO, N. Y., July ill.— Jack
Munroe of Butt£ was defeated in a
wrestling match, catch-as-catch-can,
by Charles (Yankee) Rogers of Wor
cester, Maiss., at the : Olympic Ath
leticClub to-night. Rogers won the
first fall in 11 minutes' 20 seconds and
the second in 13:50.
Wrestler Throws Muuroc.
LINCOLN. July ll.—His friends in
Lincoln are so ' well pleased over
Bryan's efforts at the St. Louis con
vention that they have planned to
give him a public, reception when he
returns home to-morrow.
Reception Awaits Bryan.
CHICAGO. July 11.— The Chicago
Chronicle, which has' been generally
regarded as a Democratic newspaper,
will announce formally in its issue to
morrow that it will hereafter appear
as a Republican newspaper.
Chicago Chronicle Will Hereafter Sup
port Republican Policy.
WEARIES OP THE DEMOCRACY.
Bolt From Sky Strikes Athletes Dur
ing Game and Mnstantly
Kills Them..
CUMBERLAND. Md.. July 11. —
Joseph Barrett was killed by lightning
this afternoon while playing baseball.
He was hurled several feet. Two
other players were stunned, but will
recover.
PITTSBURG, July 11.— Charles Jef
fries, left fielder of the Johnstown
baseball team, was killed by lightning
at McKeesiTort this afternoon.
IjTGIITNIXG KILLS TWO
EASTERN BALLPLAYERS
If you are going to World's Fatr get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park, i Ask about It. T. K.
STATELEK. General Agent. 647 Market bu.
San Francisco. •
Cheap 'Rates East.
"At the same time I rather regret it
personally," he added. "We thought
when we dissuaded father from accept
ing the nomination for the Governor
ship of West Virginia that he would re
main out of politics altogether. He Is
an active man and looks much younger
than his eighty-one years might indi
cate."
NEW YORK, July 11.— John T. Da
vis, the only son of former Senator
Henry G. Davis. Democratic nominee
for the Vice Presidency, is visiting this
city. His father's nomination at St.
Louis came, he said, as a great sur
prise.
Former Senator Davis', Family Sur
prised by Ills Selection. .
NOMINATION" NOT EXPECTED.
Senator Elkins, who is to be the
temporary chairman, was held up at
Grafton by a freight wreck, but will
arrive to-morrow.
William O. Dawson represents the>
tax reform factioh and Charles F.
Teter the opposition. To-night the
partisans of the two men were parad
ing the streets with brass bands and a
public meeting was addressed by Daw
son leaders. '/:'--;-
WHEELING. W. Va., July 11.— The
Republicans of West Virginia will
nominate a full State ticket at the
convention which will open to-mor
row. The campaign, made on the
issue of tax reforms injected into it
by Governor White's appointment of
a commission to revise the tax- laws
of the State, has been strenuously con
tested and has resulted in many en
counters, three killings and intense
bitterness.
West Virginia Republicans Will Meet
in Convention To-Day.
TAX REFORM THE ISSUE.
The fire started by a spark from an
engine in Madary s mill. It lit in a bed
of shavings and in a second's time from
the time the rirst flame was discovered
the whole building was aflame. Men
had not time to take their tools from
the Denchee with them. An alarm was
turned in ar.d the whole lire depart
ment was on the spot in four minutes'
time, but like wild fire the flames had
spread and enveloped buildings ad
joining. Great credit is given the fire
department for the work it did. Three
of the mcu were overcome by the heat
and had tc be dragged from the smoke.-
The block destroyed is bounded by
Kern, Inyo, H and I streets and is sur
rounded by buildings of light material.
Repeatedly those buildings were
aflame. One brick building, occupied
by McKay's livery stable, was the only
structure in the block not destroyed.
The lositig tfrms were as follows:
Madary Planing Mill Company, $150.
000; Anderson Furniture Manufactory,
$35,000 Hollenbeck-Bush Planing Mill,
$10,0i)0; German Savings and Loan As
sociation building, $3500; Powder Ma
chine Works, $3000; Union lodging-'
house, $2000; Porter's store, $4000.
FRESNO, July 11.— Fire, the hottest
and most destructive ever in this city,
burned a block of manufacturing
buildings here this afternoon. The fire
started at 2 o'clock, and'in an hour
ilamuge to the extant of 4225,000 had
been done. The biggest loser was the
Madary Planing Mill Company, in
whose ashop the fire started. The loss
of this company was $150,000. Firemen
fought the fire from behind drenched
blankets. Buildings on three sides of
the burning block were scorched and
were kept from igniting only by the
continual efforts of the firemen.
Several Planing- Mills Are
Destroyed and Loss Will
Reach an Immense Sum
FIKEMEX ARE INJURED
Flames Sweep Through Man
ufacturing District and
Cause Extensive Damage
Alexander has been operating "Argo"
at the Chutes and, according to the
story, told by Nicholson to the police,
is a man of strong 1 blows as well as
strong lungs. t Nicholson says he has
worked for Alexander for some time,
but was. told yesterday that his wages
were to be reduced. Last night he
asked Alexander for the money then
due him, Intending to quit. Alexander
asked him to agree to remain until
after the crowd had left the grounds
and Nicholson consented. He was to-ld
to go into the room of mystery where
the body of a young woman Is lifted
from a coffin in such a realistic man
ner that chills of terror creep up and
down the spines of timid spectators.
In that uncanny department Alexander
assaulted him, having first locked the
door to prevent any escape. Nicholson
says Alexander repeatedly knocked
him down and kicked him until uncon
sciousness took all the pain from his
senses. Alexander became frightened
at tho continued stupor of his victim
and dashed water in his face to revive
him. As soon as Nicholson could get
out he proceeded' to the Park Emer
gency Hospital, | where he had his
wounds dressed and notified the police.
Alexander does not deny that he as
saulted Nicholson, but gives as a rea
son that the young man had been ex
posing the mystery of the illusion and
spoiling the attraction. Alexander had
the exclusive concession for the de
ceptive freak and had made It one of
the attractions at the Chutes.
The management of the Chutes an
nounced last night that even if Alex
ander was not'eonvicted for his as
sault on Nicholson, , he could not con
tinue his show within the grounds.
"Professor" Claude Alexander, the
man with "the greatest illusion on
earth," is confined at the Park police
station on a charge of assault to do
great bodily harm on the person of
William Nicholson. Alexander's vic
tim had his wounds dressed at the
Park Emergency Hospital and was
lat».- taken to his home at 706 Sixth
avenue.
FRESNO BLOCK
RAZED BY FIRE
Assailant Locks Door to
Prevent Escape Before
Beginning His Brutality
VICTDI /ASKS F0II COIN
Claude Alexander Is Under
Arrest for Beating Wil
liam Nicholson Severely
Congressman— First District, Mor
ris Sheppard; Second, C. M. Brooks;
Third, George Russell; Fourth, C. B.
Randall; Fifth, John Beall; Sixth.
Scott Field; Seventh, A. W. Greggs:
Eighth, in doubt; Ninth, G. F. Bur
gess; Tenth, A. E. Burleson; Eleventh,
R. L. Henry; Twelfth. O. W. Gillespie;
Thirteenth, John H. Stephens; Four
teenth, J. T. Slayden; Fifteenth, John
N. Granger; Sixteenth, W. R. Smith.
State Oniccrs and Members of Con
gress Chosen in Lone Star State.
HOUSTON, Tex., July 11.— Thor re
sult of the Saturday's primaries for
State ofilces is now known excepC for
Attorney General. The candidates
who won in th^ primries, that being
equivalent to election, are: Gover
nor, Langham: Lieutenant Governor.
Neal; Comptroller, J. W. Stevens;
Treasurer, J. W. Robbins; Land Com
missioner, J. J. Terrell; Superintend
ent of Public Instruction. R. B. Cous
ins; Railroad Commissioner. Allison
Mayfield; Justice of the Supreme
Court, T. Brown; Judge of the Court
of Criminal Appeals, M. M. Brooks.
In the Congresisonal contests only
one district is in doubt, that being the
Eighth, where Congressman Pinckney
and O. T. Holt are contestants. The
result depends upon the vote In
Grimes County, where there is a con
test for the convention to decide. The
Congressional ticket follows:
For United States Senator, Charles
A. Culberson.
RESULT OP TEXAS PRIMARIES.
ASSAULTS MAN
AT THE CHUTES
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— After three con
ferences held on Saturday night by
members of the executive committee of
the Populist party with prominent
Bryan Democrats who are dissatisfied,
not so much with the platform as with
the Presidential nomination by the
Democratic National Convention, a line
of action for the coming campaign has
been agreed upon.
This statement is given upon the au
thority of George Washburn of Bos
ton, now treasurer of the Populist «par
ty. who, \yith several members of the
national executive com'mittee of that
party, has been In St. Louis attending
the Democratic National Convention.
Washburn. when asked to divulge the
names of some of His associates in the
conference, refused to make them
known. The extent of the movement
and the names of those engaged in It,
he said, would be made public when
the call for the national conference
was issued and their prominence,' he
said, would be a surprise. ' A number
of those present 1n the conference,
Washburn said, were Missourians,
while others were from Parker's own
State.
Commenting on Judge Parker's nom
ination. Washburn said:
"Next to Cleveland, the Populists
most desired the nomination of Parker.
His nomination emphasizes the part
ing of the ways of the allied forces and
will help immensely to restore (he Pop
ulist party to its former strength and
effectiveness."
NEW YORK, July 11.— General Man
ager Brooks of the Western Union Tel
egraph •. Company- said- to-day thnt the
message sent by Judge Parker to
Sheehan at St. Louis relative to tho
platform adopted by the Democratic
National Convention was not delayed
in delivery. by the Western Union Com
pany. The message, Brooks says, was
transmitted, from Esopus immediately
and delivered promptly to the address
giVen.and a copy handed to Sheehan
personally as soon as ; he could" be
found. However, the story of a verifi
cation of /the dispatch is correct and
the request for it came from St. Louis,
but from whom is not known.
Verification W«s Asked For.
PARKER MESSAGE NOT DELAYED
Telegram Reached St. Louis Itofnro n
PHILADELPHIA. July 11.— In speak
ing to-day of the action of the Demo
cratic National Convention, William F.
Harrity, former chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee, said:
"Judge Parker's timely telegram to
the convention has strengthened his
candidacy Immensely. His action with
reference to the absence from the plat
form of a gold standard declaration
f ho wed great courage and decision of
character. I predict that his strength
v.ill increase as the campaign pro
gresses."
When my train arrived at 4 o'clock in the
morning the convention had completed, it*
work, but if I had been present I could rot
have made a single suggestion which would
hi.ve been an Improvement on Its course. In
deed, tlie admirable temper displayed by the
Trt-u Who at first Wu«h might have conni"<l<>red
iknapdm belittled or aggrieved by the flngu
!arly in<3er>cndent course of their candidate, is
on» of the most auspicious features ur.dir
which the cempaien opens.
CI^ARK AXD IIAUIUTY PLEASED.
KANSAS CITY, July 1L— William A.
•Clark. United States Senator from
Montana, who -was in Kansas City to
day on his way home from the East,
SOU, regarding the ticket named by
the Democratic National Convention:
"It Is a good ticket and the platform
is all right. The silver -question as a
political Issue is dead. I am Just as
much a blrrretallist as ever, but the
unusual increase in the production of
gold has temporarily shelved the free
silver issue. The platfcrm Is not one
that particularly appeals to the West,
but we will not fight it. As far as the
monetary question is concerned it is
a standoff between the platforms of the
Republican and the Democratic con
ventions. But Parker is a. safe, con
servative man and - the . nominee for
Vice President is entirely satisfactory.
They will be elected. We will carry
New Yc-rk by 100,000 and West Vir
ginia v.ill go from the Republican to
the Democratic column."
Under these circumstances the nomination
of Jud£e Harker. who was without any record
us the coinage question, except «that he had
voted twice lor 3J.r. Uryan, seemed to preclude
th t tiightttt hor* that he would receive even
f- :,-.u:.;. electoral Vutee as Mr. Bryan polled
la l'JOO. But this very pusillanimity of his
inanasert which led them to surrender their
own convictions and to stifle every attempt of
th- New York City delegates even to voice
tr.e opinion* of their constituents on this mo
r.eutuus (juefctkm turnUhed Judge Parker with
an. oinioriunity which he has Improved de
cisively. It has revealed him to the people of
ih!« country almoFt in an instant as a great
leauer — the greatest of this generation; an
hc-nrtt man — the most impressive in display
ing that virtue that I have ever known either
through exi«?rience or reading; a courageous
niiui — of such incomparable courage that he
we* willing to throw away not merely the
hope of a nomination, but an actual nomina
tion for the Presidency rather than to steep
ti an evasion or equivocation en a matter of
principle.
I. who had left St. Louis before the final
adjournment as the only way to avoid bc
intr T'lac*d in a position where 1 must hava
told the convention that Judge Parker could
noV' in my opinion, escape crushing defeat,
on the rece.pt of Mr. Murphy's message at
once ordered a special train and hastened
back, because I then felt free to tell the
members. If they still desired to hear from
Ee. that on the new platform, v.hich he him
etlt had made, he would be overwhelmingly
elected.
.. ciittnge Kbaotetety necessary to success. At
the mertins of the New York delegation on
'i uwiUy morning a resolution to this effect
.:-.•!••. by !...- \\ ,i.- suppresst-d by a parlia
mentary maneuver. Alter it had been agreed
\a$ tht leaders to eliminate all reference to the
n.onty qutj-tion. I again moved that the New
York <!< legation offtr as an amendment in the
OoaccatJoa the financial plank submitted by
fc<_r.at«.r Hill to the committee on resolutions,
but the motion was rejected by a vote of 50 to
;3> ol the delecates.
To brinj; this about and to secure an un
• acknowledgment that the money
.,'ktixn was settled were the two objects to
i.hiOi the Tammany delegation confined the
lUuru of its members. It appeared quit* early
that the first of these was wholly impossible,
¦j o ai-ccir.pUs-h the second we felt it was only
i.cctet'atry that the delegates from all the
.-!:¦.:: States should demand it formally as
TAMJLYXyS FUTILE FI^IIT.
Th< or.»- th:ng absolutely essential to Demo
tratic tuorefs ig a leadtr. Til" now, no one
|,<.*>ffcinr arythinp like availability was con
»picuous cxoe:it Mr. (Cleveland. To him th?re
wire wtlghtv objections. Hl> age is advanced.
Mary politicians believe there is a widespread
objection to giving any man. however wise
i.r \1rttiouj=. more than two terms in the Presi
dent y. The antagonisms which he has pro
\iktd an- ncstenma and bitter. Still his run
ning qualities w?re so excellent that the d€le-
Latea from the old city of New York urged
h:s nomination as the only one that furnished
lii* ?l!£h;cst hope even of an exciting contest.
in thU lunnir)'. This view wa* expressed in
the rtfi-lwticn submitted to thv State conven
l.on last Aj)ril by the Tammany members,
«nd 1 think It is ehan-d by «very thoughtful
man in tht country.
in an instant the whole situation was.
i hang»u. 'ibo prwpeot, which had been black
v.ith iisr> o! dlsasur. at once became
tji^nUiu with i .remises of victory. Kor many
uunthr I had wni pnachinp that the success
if the Democratic |*rty thi* year Involved
lilt eontinuanc* of constitutional government
iiul praptxsy; and 1 would not forefll deltat.
ktlaace w»s. theretore. the only course open
und the b.'Ft -way to l>ur?=ue jt by my absence.
VVlun I reached Indianapolis 1 was hauJsd
a ulfgram rrom Charley V. Murphy, inform
ing n»t of Judtrc Parker's message to Mr.
£hcthan and urginp me to return Immediately.
1 Ie:t .^t. Ix;ai* on Saturday at 12:15 o'cloc*.
n*<u\it; Ba matter* then stood 1 did not want
lo lit in convention when nominations for Vice
l'i»-.;d'!it wiie reached. Call* for me to make
« xj*«f!:. which had bwn made repeatedly ou
trlur day*, would very liktly be renewed at
•ii* final" peffion, and at the lime I could not
truthfully assure the convention that Judge
I fcikcr had In »ny opinion the faintest prospect
til f=ucct«=s. I have made it a rule never to
¦a} .n * imblie liir.tioiui anything which 1
•jcujii r.ct rt-fww.t in the *rttne0 rhiir. 1 could
An unfavorable reply will be inter
preted to mean that, acting upon, the
experience of the last hours of the Na
tional Convention, the deposed leader
v. ill await Judge Parker's letter of ac
¦optance^ of the Presidential nomina
:io» before committing himself bpywnd
tetall to the campaign of Parker and
Davis on the gold standard telegraphic
lail tatked on to the platform kite by
'.he Eastern managers of the party.
(OCKJtAX'S CHANGE OF HBA11T.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Bourke Cock
ran to-day gave to the press the fol
lowing cc-mrr.unicatiun, explaining his
•iecliaatkm to address the Democratic
National Convention at St. Louis:
CHICAGO. July 1L— According to a
report that reached this city to-day
William J. Bryan is awaiting word
from Judge Parker before replying to
the invitation of the Chicago Democ
racy to appear at a demonstration be
ing arranged for the first week in Aug
ust. If he accepts it will be understood
that the Democratic nominee for Pres
ident has held out the olive branch to
the Nebraska orator and that Bryan
will bo the first to .take the stump in
the West for the ticket nominated in
i*t. Louis.
"It is for this purpose that Chair
man Jones will first consult with Judge
Parker in order to make the dates of
the notification and the national com
mittee meeting coincide and thus af
ford the candidate an opportunity to
meet the men who will lead his cam
paign in the various States.
•'At this meeting the national com
mittee will select a chairman, secre
tary, treasurer and sergeant at arms.
The committee will then take up such
other matters as may properly come
before it at that time. The national
committee will, of . course, consult
Judge Parker and his friends before
organizing."
organization of the new committee:
'"Senator James K. Jones will, under
the instructions given him by the reso
lution passed by the convention on
Saturday, call a meeting of the na
tional committee as soon as he confers
with Judge Alton B. Parker, the nomi
nee of the party for President, and his
friends and learns from them the date
fixed for notifying the nominees of
their selection by the convention.
"He will then call a meeting of the
national committee, to be held In New
York City, it being Judge Parker's
wish to meet as many as possible of
the national committeemen in attend
ance upon the meeting.
..-.•• This afternoon,; in reply to his tele
gram of .congratulation to former Sen
ator Henry Davis, the nominee for Vice
President, Judge Parker received the
following: , ; ... .-..;. .:-..-. }¦
"ELKINS, W. Var^-Delayed in reach
ing home. Thanks for- your itelesraia.
. William P. Sheehan arrived at Eso
pus from St. Louis this afternoon. He
•was met at the station by Mrs. Sheehan
and was driven . to his summer .., home
near Rosemont. On ( the way Sheehan
met Judge, and Mrs. Parker, who were
driving. The^ two gentlemen alighted
and greeted each other. .Mrs. Parker
and Mrs. Sheehan then drove to the
Sheehan house in one carriage and
Judge Parker and Sheehan in the other.
Later Sheehan made this statement: /
"I am authorized to say that no' tele
gram was sent by Judge Parker to Sen
ator Hill on any subject while the lat
ter.^was in St;< Louis."
.Judge ; Parker returned, from Shee
han's house'at .7 o'clock.
PARKER VISITS SHEEHAX.
Judge Parker had voted for Bryan in
lrV$ and 1900, and he had done so not
because of but in spite of the silver
clank. He did not think that any one
had any doubt as to where he stood,
and had hoped to. maintain his silence
throughout the campaign preliminary
to the convention.
Surveyors to-day began laying ,the
lines for the new West Shore station
at Esopus, which will be completed in
about two weeks. A long siding will be
put in for special trains.
As far as his plans have as yet been
made Judge Parker will not tour the
country making speeches. His personal
campaign will be 'conducted in' a Avay
similar to that of President McKlnley —
to a large degree from the porch at
Rosemont. He probably\will make only
one* or two pilgrimages to the larger
cities.
An explanatory statement of the long
silence of Judge Parker was given by
a close friend of the Judge this after
noon. As a Judge, said the authority,
Parker his kept silent on, political ques
tions. He believed that it was not com
patible with the dignity of a Judge on
the bench to discuss such questions.
When he was prominently mentioned
as a candidate . for the Presidency
Judge Parker thought that the people
of the country knew his full views. He
realized that the Democratic party
would be composed of two elements
when the national convention assem
bled — radicals and conservatives. He
knew that he was regarded as the can
didate of the conservatives and became
convinced that it was not necessary to
make any statement. of his views.
PARKERS CAMPAIGN PLAN.
: "You must permit me to expres my
gratitude and admiration for the splen
did manifestation of honor and courage
ypu, have given to your countrymen
and to the Democracy' in your St. Louis
dispatch." , ..
The telegram from William R.
Hearst, sent on Saturday, went astray,
but a duplicate was received to-day,
as follows, dated Chicago, July 10: •)
"I congratulate, you on your nomina
tion and on the* expression of Demo
cratic principles in the platform on
which vou stand. I hope and beli»ve
that, battling for the people and for
such principles, you will lead the Lv
mocracy. to victory."
Judge Parker immediately wrote to
Hearst the following letter:
"Hon. William Randolph Hearst-
Dear Sir:. Just a word to thank you
for your very kind message of congrat
ulation and to assure you of my great
grateful appreciation. Very truly,
"ALTON B. PARKER."'
Judge Parker received to-day the fol
lowing message from former President
Cleveland: .
"That night while the convention
tossed and billowed with the sensation
he. had produced : he did not go early to
bed, as he had done the night before,
although the : local celebration in his
honor ceased and the people dispersed
as early as 10:15 o'clock. He sat up
until after 3 o'clock, closely watching
the bulletins, and made no move
toward retiring until after the action
of the convention on his telegram was
made plain to him.
"It is not true that Judge Parker sent
a message to Senator Hill demanding
the insertion of a gold plank. His tele
gram to William F. Sheehan was his
first communication, directly or Indi
rectly, with the' convention."
PRAISE FROM CLEVELAND.
"About 11:30 - ; o'clock he rode up to
the railroad station,' asked for tele
grams and /received; quite a bunch of
them. I happen tq know that none of
them gave him ¦ the information he
wanted. He chatted with the reporters
for awhile 'and it was afterward re
called that some, of his questions to
them betrayed the fact of his 'lack, of
first-hand knowledge of the" conven
tion's action. He waited about the sta
tion, almost irresolute" in bearing; for
fully ten minutes- and then' suddenly
galloped back toward Rosemont. . An
hour afterward: the famous telegram
was filed with the' operator and the
remarkable' series of events was under
way. " " ' • . . .
"When Judge Parker retired at 9:45
o'clock on ; Friday night," said this
man, "he did not know anything- at
all about the financial side of the plat;
form, which had been agreed upon,
more than " was" outlined \ in the • very
brief bulletins telephoned' from
Kingston. When informed by_ a press
correspondent at 6:15 a. ml" of the bare
fact of his nomination, he knew no
more, arid th<>_ first real knowledge he
had of the action of the convention on
the financial plank in the platform was
when he read' the! New York morning
papers. Immediately after breakfast
that is to say; a little after 9 o'clock
he started for. a horseback ride. Just
before mounting his horse a telegram
was handed: to him, giving 1 a concise
outline of the platform. From the mo
ment of his reading of that telegram
it was noticed that- he was very much
preoccupied and as he rode off his head
was bowed as if in deep thought.'
•DECIDES UFON" HIS COURSES.
/ESOPUS. N. Y., July 11.— Light was
thrown upon the history of the now
famous Parker telegram and the reply
'to It made. by the Democratic conven
tion at St. Louis by a close friend of
Judge Parker to-day, who declined to
allow the .use of his name.
Most cordial, congratulation* to you
and the.cpuntry. on your in<tiiltiitt i«»n. {
feel proud and highly [honored to fb«
with you, on. the. ticket. * -¦-.
"H. O. DAVIH."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nebraskan Will Withhold Active Support of
T'ckei Unless Jurist Extends the '
Democratic Nominee's Famous Telegram Is
Declared to Have Been Sent Without
-Request From Managers:
Leading Democrats
Will Swing top
Third Party. \
Anti-Parker, Men in
League With Pop-
V ulists.
BRYAN'S ATTITUDE WORRIES FRIENDS OF PARKER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12. liiO-L
2
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR
RAILWAY TRAVEL,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO /.NO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAXT7.
Titraron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN PBANCISCO TO SAW BAPAEIm
WKKK DAYS — 7:30. 8 :0V. 9:00, ll:uo a. m. ;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. in*
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
BAN EATAEL TO SA2T 7SAKC2SCO.
v»h.tK UAYd— <«:0o. tt:ov, i:33. 7:5m »;2w.
11:15 a, m.: 12:50, t2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 6:20,
6:25 p. tn. : ,-," -..'•
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a, m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 6:23. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturday*. ¦ ¦ , : • >i . . ' .
Leave | In Bffect I ArrlTe
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. ( Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Day*. I dayg. | Uon. \ days. | Day*.
7:30a ~~ Yiiia. 7:45a
7-30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8-00 a 9:30 a Ijrnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p S : .|2 P 7:23 P
. 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a .I : jS*J«I :4 *"
800a 8:00a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2 : 30p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
510 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:2* p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7-30 a 7-30 a ~ 10:20.a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:3Op 8:45 p 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lortton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
i ' ClovprdaU.
7-a0a| 7:30 a! Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 Pi 2:30 p| and Uklah, | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
T j Wllllts. j I
7:30 a' 7:30 a| Sherwood. | T:25 p| 7:23 p
8-00 al 8:00 al Quernevllle and 110:20 allO:20 a
2 :30 p| 2 :30 p| Camp Vacation. J 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:OOaf87o<fa " f:*°»| f:*»"*
5 10D 9:30 a Sonom*. 6:00 p» 6:20 p
' |fl:10p Glen Ellen. 8:45 pl
7:30 al 7:30 al ~ 110:20 ajlO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 PI Sebastopol. I 7:23 p| 6:20/p
KHSTAOES connect at Santa Rosa for 'White
: Stlpbur Springs and Mark 'West Springs; at
fctilton-for Burke" s Sanitarium;. at Lytton for
Cytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs,
tiuringi* at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Borings; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Srrlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hof
Springs Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens! Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Wc-btport. Unal; at Wllltts for Fort Brag*.
¦\Ve«tport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday* — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlce. 650 Market street. Chroniel*
U JAS°*L KRAZIER. R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
ppjpglin TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY.
HBBSE5 MUL VALLEY,
l^^^^^l CAZADERO, Etc
'^^^^^^^^5?i Via Sauaalito Parry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
r>»nnrt from San Francisco, week days, at
R-M 7-10 7* 8=30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
fll-40 a in. sausallto only). 12:20. 1:43. 3:15.
i.«i 4*35. 6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:00. 10:20.
ti^A o m SuAdays and legal hotldays depart
H "?.i6 8:30. »:«• 10:00. 11:00, U;40
* mV -20 »:«>. l:45 x 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:M.
f-.^Oiio. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. U^
**" f^lttr* et San Francisco, week day*. 6-17 '
7-W> 7-85 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 am'
?i^5 1-25 2:M. 3:M - 4:2 °- 6:M - 8=40. 6:15!
i"M7-.55V 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sunday, «nd
legai holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:03.
8: For P Fa?rfa». week daya. depart at 7:45 a. nu.
.nd 5 &rS holiday. mt£M. *:&; 9:13° ?oToo'
11 00. U:40 a. m.. 12:20. l:00i 1:43. 2:3a 7:13
« d 8:15 p - Through trains.
,^i*45 a. m- dally— Ca»adero and way stations,
a. m. Sunday* only— For Point Reyea,
" l |" : 15 p. ro- dally except Sunday— For Caxa-
d *5?i5 e p.' rn.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyesi. *itc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Caxadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market *t.
FERRY— Union D^pot. foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave . fi» SansIHu Ferry Arrive
Ban frauclico ¥*t »f Matttta. San FrandKO
Week San- ' _c?a_ : . sun- Week '
Uays. _^7»2_ days. Days.
".".'. 1 0:00 1 ffi«S5Q|B» 2i03r*<T:0st
10:00a 11:00a X&cfissaSy 3:35 p 3:35 p ;
1:4S p 12:20 r 6:40 r 6:16 i,
6:16r 1;46r 6:16 r 10-.0* i i
4;35r 8-.B0P .:...... |
* tU 6r«Ttty Car. « Tawalpah U IiU W«r.
Tic^rt 1626 Markkt &r. (North IJhore Railroad)
Offices iana S*.v»a.U.to Fikry. root Markets*.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
1 """'""'-¦'"" " *"~' ¦ -~*- "-"'¦" li " ui -
v<^f N^fcv Trmln* leave and are due
/CUtt^?\ tn arrive at
ff£g§2^2lSAN FRANCISCO.
V^V^sEyO/ Jri.T 3. I30t
Fun Ditot
(Foot of Market Street >
L" T « - MAIN LTnI:. -IT^TTT
7C0a Vaearlllr. Wtnieri, ItamserZ 7 60*
7 00a Brnlcl*. K!mlr»*n<l Sucrmmentu. 7 20p
7J0a Vullejo. N.pa. c«ll»tor». Saut*
Ilo»». M»rt1n^it. S»9 lUmoo B.20s»
iP A Ntl '*-Tr«ey. L*tbrop. Stuctcroa 7.20P
8-OOa !h«»i» Kxpres* — ( vii D*Tta».
wiiiinnn (for B*rtlett Sprlnfct).
WlJloin. fKrnta Ko<1 Blul,
PortUad. Ticoinn. Se«tt!o 7.50*
• 00a D»»!j. Wooaiiind. Knlzht* LHiidtnc.
M»rytTllle. Chfro. OrorllK- 7-5S»
140a Port Coita. Martinez. Antiocti.
Byroa. Tracy. Stoclcton. Keir-
man. Loa llnno*. Mendota.
Armona. Iiaaf»r>l. V 1 1 a 1 1 «.
. Port«rTlIle 4 >>»¦?
8-50A Port t'nuto. Modesto. Mmreed.
rresno. uoancn Juaccion. Una-
ford. VlMlla. nskenaeld 450*
8.30a Ntlei. San Jose, Llvennors. stoi-.k-
lon. (?.Milton), lone, Sacramento,
MaryiTllIe. Cttlco. Unl Bluff .... 4.2C»
¦¦SCA Oakdale. Cblnese. Jamestown. So-
, nora. Tuolamne ami Angel* . 20s»
8 00a Atlantic Express — OftUen »n<t Rase. 6 20*
8 -30a Richmond. Martlaez an.1 Way
Station* : 8 50>»
10 00a The OTerlaod Limited — t»«<1en.
Omaba. Cbieaco, i>coTer. Kaasma
City. St. Loul* 62Cp
10.00a Vallejo 12.20*
10.00A Lo« Anreies Passenger — Port
Coatm. Marlines. Byroa. Truer.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Ooshen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lcmoore, Vtsa.Ua.
Bakersflrld. Lo* Anfceles 7.2C»
12.C0m Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3.20»
tVOOP Sacramaato River Steamer* tii.00*
3 30p Deniria. TTtnters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Willow*. Knlirbtt
L.tndlor;, MaryiTille, OrOTlUe
and way station* 1B-80*j
5-30P Uay ward. Ulle* and Way Station*.. 7.S0O
4 OOP Uartlnei.San (Umon.Vallejo.Napa,
Caltstoca. Santa Iiosa 9 20*
4. 00p Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20»
4- 30 P Hayward. Klles. irTtagton. Saa J tt.5O*
Joae. LlTennore ) til 60a
E OOP The Owl Limited— Newman. Lo*
Bsnus. Mendui*. Fresno. Tnlara,
li»*enfl*!d. LosAaxeles 850*
to 30p Haywsrrl. Nile* and Saa Joso 7.20a
v.00p Hayward. Nile* and San Jote J 50a
8-Oflp F.»«trrn F.xprrs*— Ofrden. Omaba,
CbleaKo. Denver. Kansaa City.
St. Louis. Tla Manlnex. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 12.60*
6.00P Vallelo. dally, except dnnday.... • , ...
70CP Vallejo. Sunday only ....A 7Mp
7-00p Kicamond. flan Pablo. Port Cost*.
*.« MarttBOT aad Way Suuoa* 11.20a
7 COP npne Patsenger-Port Coata. Snh
sun. Elmlra. Darls. Racrameoto,
Trucke«. Laka Tano«. Keao,
.„ Tonopab. Spark* 7.MA
• OSPPort Costa. Martinez! Byroa.
Traey LatJjrop. Mode* to.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
_ „ w «r Sxatlon$ beyoad Port Co*t» 12-20P
805P Ton? mite Valley. Tla Bcrenda aad
Wawona ISO*
8-05P Msrtlnex, Tracy. 8tocicton .... '." 10.28*
8 06p Oreron A California Kx press- Sao-
raaeato, MarysTlll*. Bedd^c
... PorUand. Pnaet Sonnd aad K.st. 8 53*
I.10P Bay ward. Nile* and Saa Jose (3ua-
d»r»aly).... 11.60*
COAST LINE (i»rr«w iiaag*).
(Foot of Market Street.)
1^1* Sr' Bta Cn * Exeurs1on(Suad«y oajy) iTTo*
•46a Newark. Oenterniie. San Jo*e.
Feltoa, Bonlder Creek. BfyB.«ia.
,_,_ •¦ nU Cr«« aad WaySuUoaa... IJ3»
TJ.IOA Alrsrada. Newark. Sao Jo*e. Los
6ato*,01eawe«d, Felton. Bonlder
,_ .Creik, BU Basin. Saata Cro».... 8 10*
TZ.lSpMewark. CaaterrlU*. Saa Jo*e»
New Almadea. L«* Gatos.Feltoa,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux sad
~-Z m ..Principal Way SuUons 10.S5*.
*iS w "•*»>¦*. Saa Joae. Loa Oato* ISS6a v
4.15p Wrifbt, Bonlder Creek aad SaaU
Cruz. Batarday aad Snaday only. *8 55»
C6 AST LI N E <Ur««d «*¦«•).
tar (lUlrt and Townsea4 8tf»f.>
6.10a Saa Joae aad Way Station*. $30*
17.00a A«*j Joe« and Way Sution* .... 6.42i»
7.16a Monterey acid Santa Cruz Excnr-
• *!oa (Svaday only) 10 30»
• IjOa New Almadea (Tnes.. Frld.. only), 4.1O>
tOOATbe Coaster— San Joie. Ballnaal *"""
Ban Ardo, Puo Boblea. Saata
• ~Marcarlta.San LalaOblspokSant*
. Barbara. San Baoaarentnra.'
MoatalTO, Oxnard, Burbank. Lo*
. Aagelea .,,...,.„. . _ in Aim
1.00a Gllror. HollJster. CaatroTine, Del '"¦*
Minte. Pactac Orore, Surf, Lom-
«.TOa 8^Jo.e:'Twi''Plnoi;;c'i*pVtoVa; * 0At *
Sja L»t* Oblspo aad Prlactnai
- . Way Stutlons ...7 .*.. . 4. 10p>
10JCA8an Jose and Way Station*........ t.2fle»
IUOa Santa Clara, aaa Jote. Los Oato* .
,_. and WayStatloa* .7^0^
*H5 P J"° j0M * Bd w *' sutioa* a 3»4
t3fi0pD«J Monte Kxprea*— 3aat» Clara.
8*» Jotje, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove, 1211*
340P Burllnsraroe. Saa Jose. Gliroy, Hol-
llst«r. Tre* Pfao*. Pajaro. Capl-
tola, Santa Crm. Caatrorllle. .
Sallnaa, Pacttte Orsre 1Q4Sa
4 J0»» Jo*e aad Way Stations 1 t8 00a
IS 00p SaaU Clara, tan Jose. L«* Gatoa.
Wr!jfbt aad principal Way 8u-
' _ __ . O»na (except Saadar) t9.00a
|5.30p SanJcxeitndi rlnclpal Way Station* W.40A
• 46p Baaset Kxpr***.— Redwood. Saa l ~* M *
Joae,Gnroy.S.\Itaaa.Pa*oKoble*L
San Luis Obtipo. SaauDarbara,
Los Angoies. bemtaf. Et Pasek 1
. ., New Orl ««»«.J»»wTork .:...;.. 71B A
B.45P Pajaro. CapltoU, Santa Cro*. Ca»-
A.m*. »r« Tl "«.De>Monte.Pac1ncOroTe. ¦J045P
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaki,
__ Park. Palo Alto „ f« 4Sa
S30p |u Jm* ua W»f tutioat. „ I 38 a
# 8.0pPPalo Alto and Way Sutlon*....!X Id ill
11 .30p bonth Surraaelaoo. MUibrael Ba£ A
llajame. Baa Mateo. Belmont.
Baa Carlo*. Redwood. Fatr Oaks,
m SOPM-Wd^un^a^w^tey: . 9 «'
vale, Lawrence. Sanu Clara aad
a.n Jote ;'t9.4S»
+ _ A t . or **oralBZ P for Aftarnoom.
tSoaJajrezcepted. tSaadayoalr
*>,6a(arday onlv. » Monday obIt.
, 1 eu.es at aJKUUoa* oa Bua^aj. * 7
' ¦ ' ADViatTlSEMENTS.
818-820 Market St. -San Francisco
' iVOl 1R1 F HAY FREE-Cna!l purchases In
|;UUULL *?J&1 > our stationery department to
TO-MORROW, . amount of 20c or more- we
w/ciMuccnAV tl\teV S. Postage Stamp* tree
WEDNESDAY . -double on Wednesdays.
8RXXT TfrAXSTS, :?."ic HANDXEECHIETS.
White T^wn Waists, extra quality. 1'Hp each pi a j n White^ Lawn and
IV»«ulur value. 75c. Special.. :$r>e printed border. Ties, oc Special
11.25 Wnnhftblft White Lawn 3 Alfonse and «"fton-
WalntH ' T5c Color Picture Handkerchiefs.
? I. &0 W«Bhabie " White Lawn washable Rep. 5c. Special :!«••
VVuIiIm ' J)I>C • beautiful Lace Trimmed Hand-
11.76 Wn»nabie""whYte""Lawn kerchiefs some wide, others nar-
U'ulMtH .....91.1O row; worth 2oc; special price, Oc-
I1.H5 WnBhnble White Lawn STOCK COIilABS.
to V L nl8t t1r ' 'u 'C.; ' ' • %£.% • **? 'iF* Our Bulgarian Stock Collars, while
*%f*"i . w «" haW « I-awj} they last, at the special price of
A-twnutlful line of Silk Alpaca J '''"„'' L.' 1 ~~ "'?
Challlen and India Silk. Great STOCK COLLABS.
bargalnn. - Over-Collars and Ties. "U'e will sell
BOOK SPECIALS. SiflM
"When Knighthood Was In FHower." Reg. .10c at 13c Reg. 50c at UoC
by Majors, a special edition, wobld's tair
cloth bound: on sale Tuesday only TT , 1 «T - ~ a
Tie* Hardwood Toothpicks, those round.
¦••¦•¦¦••-¦¦•¦• • - • •»•» smooth ones.
600 TOASTS, PAPER COVERS. I,arp» size box. reg. 25c. spec. 1S«*
v lOc Small size box. reg. 10c. spec. Sc
COPTBIOHT riCTXOH. 35c No dr ]™^. . W . AX . .^eV^box 4c
Any of the following cloth bound whitp cutamei bowt.s
Copyright Fiction on Bale... ;{.-»c T w ~ * B ; E T T 1 ° „,
The Eternal City, by Hall Calne. J»st right for bread and milk or
• The Puppet Crown, by MacGrath. mush. Finest quality white
David Harum. by Westcott. enamel, with a dainty blue ed K e.
The Juckllns. by Opie Reed. Regular price. 2oc each; special..
Barriers Burned Away, E. P. Roe. -.each ll»c
The Maid of Maiden Lane. Roe. S2.OO HAMMOCKS, S1.3r».
Remember the Alamo. E. P. Roe. Handsome plaid, full-size Ham-
Miss Lou, by E. P. Roe. mocks, with pillow, head and foot
An Unexpected Result. E. P. Roe. bars spreade r and wide valance:
Opening a Chestnut Burr, by Roe. a $2.00 value; on sale Sl.a."i
£ Day of !• ate. by E. P. Roe. A1 , Hammoc ks reduced in price
From Jest to Earnest. E. P. Roe. to close out tnls ge ason-s line.
A Young Girls Wooing. E. P. Roe. _«-_- *,«— .„ „-
A Brave Little Quakeress, by Roe. $10.00 TRUNKS POB $6^3.
The Hornet's Nest, by E. P. Roe. Large Canvas
His Sombre Rivals, by E. P. Roe. <pj-»j **J>H]&}5^~; Covered Flat
Tattle Tales of Cupid, by Ford. g>^{^-?V^-3^TT*ll Top Trunk.
Observations of Henry, by Jerome. nvj?»«-"- <j "^U sub.l ivided
And many others. V^®L«'-r!sS*3§ top trav - witn
SAMPLE CASE. '<V^C^-5^»S * r a skirt
Substantial and elegant Book Sam- YVfflK&^jfjT^B tray, brass
pie or Hand Package Case. *^S__ji— -•¦ — trimmed. ex-
Leatherette covered, solid nickel celsior lock,
corners and bolts, size 9x15x4%. large bolt, extra heavy bumpers,
with a Vienna handle. Rejfular solid oak slats and two heavy
value $2.00. On sale. . . . . .8I.0JJ straps. On sale at $<i.95
KNiVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS 6R0UND AND REPAIRED.
PICTURE FRJ.MES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TQ ORDER.
¦ • - ADVEBTISEMENT&
TARTAR IS A TARTAR
Soft, spongy, sensitive gums result from
tartar accumulation. It should be removed
at once by your dentist and thereafter pre-
vented by the use of y
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
and its, complement. SOZODONT Liquid.
The Powder is slightly, abrasive, is abso-
lutely free from grit and acid, and is just
the. thing for "those who have an inclination
for the niceties of everyday life.
3 FORMS; LIQUID^POWDER. PASTE.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
B LIMITED TO CHICAGO B |
9 LEAVES MONDAYS and THIMSHY; I
ffl at O::iO a. m., throuffh in .*; day», II
ffl with diner and all trapping*. H
Other Santa Pa Trains:
7:30 a. m.! for Stockton. Fresno, Cakersfleld. {
lioopim.'] Merced. Hanford arid Vlialla.
4:C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
; "Chicago. i
TICKET OmCES— 641 Market Strand'
; Perry Depot. S. r. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cft). 27 SottUi 7ix«« St H
Saa So** '¦.Solid business men aren't necessarily
hard characters.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 11.— Forest
fires are raging in the Northern Saanich
district, Vancouver Island, and millions
of feet of first-class timber have al
ready been consumed. The Government
ordered out a big force to fight the
flames, which now threaten to eat up
vast areas of cedar and fir in the sur
rounding district.'
Fires Rage in Forests.
LIAOYANG, July 11. — Additional
details of the Hoiyan fight of July 4
describe the Russian bayonet charge
as being the most brilliant incident of
the war. Japanese and Russians were
found dead in the trenches with their
bayonets through each other's bodies.
Russians and Japanese >in Terrific
Hand-td-Hand Fight.
FIERCE BAYONET CHARGE.
BERLIN. July 11.— The semi-official
newspapers deny that any political sig
nificance attaches to the telegram sent
by Emperor William to the colonel of
the Wibourg (Finland) regiment, of
which the Emperor is honorary colonel
in chief, congratulatnig the regiment
on the prospect of. meeting the Japa
nese, adding that he was proud that
PURELY A COURTLY. MESSAGE.
How Kaiser's Telegram to Finnish
Regiment Is Explained.
TANGIER, July 11.— According to
news from the interior, the bandit
Raissouli and his tribe made a raid on
Chard, and after two days* fighting
Raissouli was victorious.
Owing to threats sent by Raissouli
and the neighboring tribes to Moham
med El Torres, the foreign minister,
.work on the new custom house in
course of construction at Tangier has
been discontinued. The tribes' said
they would raid Tangier should the
work continue.
After Two Days' Fighting Notorious
, Bandit and Followers Cap
ture Village.
RAISSOULI AND HIS TRIBE
MAKE RAID IN CHARD
TOKIO, July 11.— The Russian cruis
ers Bayan, Diana, Pallada and Novik,
two gunboats and seven torpedo-boat
destroyers came out**wf the harbor of
Port Arthur on Saturday morning, July
9, preceded by a number of steamships
engaged in clearing away mines. In
the afternoon the Russian vessels
reached a point between Sensikaku and
Lunwantang, where they were attacked
by a Japanese flotilla of torpedo-boats
and torpedo-boat destroyers. Fire was
exchanged with the Bayan. At 4 o'clock
in the afternoon the Russian vessels
retreated to the harbor.
Admiral Togo reports that the Japa
nese vessels had one cabin boy slight
ly wounded. The vessels themselves
sustained, no damage. , •
Russian Cruisers Retreat Before Jap
anese Torpedo-Boat Flotilla.
ENGAGEMENT AT SEA.
VLADIVOSTOK, July 11.— The Brit
ish I steamer Cheltenham, captured by
the Vladivostok squadron, was to-day
declared a lawful prize. Her command
er did not attempt to defend himself,
because the proof against the vessel
was overwhelming and the evidence
tended to show that the ship had al
ready been bought by the Japanese for
$20,000. She was sailing under the Brit
ish flag because some of the formali
ties of her transfer are lacking. There
were only four British subjects on
board the Cheltenham. Her crew was
mostly Germans, and they did not con
ceal their joy at the fact that the Rus
sians had captured the Cheltenham.
When the prize crew from the armored
cruiser Gromoboi left the Cheltenham
it was cheered by the Germans.
Vessel Flying British Flag Condemned
by Russian Prize Court.
SHIP AND CARGO CONFISCATED.
It is suggested by Professor Picker
ing that the streaks which radiate from
lunar craters — one from Tycho Is 1700
miles long— are caused by -pumice
thrown out by the volcano.
PARIS, Julv 11.— A dispatch to the
Temps from Berne, Switzerland, says:
Colonel Audenoud and Captain Bar
det, constituting the Swiss military
commission with .General Kuropatkin,
have been recalled at the reauest of
the Russian Government. At the head
quarters at Liaoyans Audenoud'main
tained an attitude antagonistic to the
Russian army. The news of the of
ficers' recall has created a sensation
here, where they have a reputation for
stability and tactfulness. Their recall
occurred in the middle of June, but
was kept secret. The officers are ex
pected to arrive here shortly.
Russia Compels the Recall of Swiss
Military Experts.
ATTACHES IN DISFAVOR.
LONDON. July 11.— The attempt of
the London Daily Express to revive the
bogey of a possible Russian invasion
of India by the publication *of an al
leged secret plan of campaign prepared
by General Kuropatkin has not created
a ripple of excitement. Even if the
document is authentic, it is recognized
that it will not give the slightest cause
for alarm. It is pointed out that the
whole scheme as published is of so
academic a character that there is
nothing in the nature of a direct men
ace therein. Probably the pigeon-holes
of all the War in Europe are
filled with similar plans providing for
theoretic invasions of their next sdoor
neighbor's territory.
Ktiropatkln's Plan of Invasion Merely
Intended for Future Emergency.
INDIA NOT IX DANGER.
A large amount of gold-filled chains
for optical and other purposes are ex
ported from the United States to Ger
many, and this line of goods is de
servedly popular in that country.
SAN PEDPvO, July 11.— After being
desperately dragged by trainmen from
the railroad track 'in front of a moving
locomotive where he had thrown him
self in a fruitless effort to commit sui
cide, an unknown man to-day drew a
razor from his pocket and viciously
slashed it across his throat, nearly de
capitating himself and causing instant
death. The man was apparently a la
borer and about 45 years of age.
Kills Himself With a Razor.
When Secretary Taft and Represent
ative Fowler of New Jersey, come to
gether they are as cordial aa brothers.
Almost twenty o^ears ago they were
fellow-students at Yate. To Mr. Fow
ler Judge Taft is plain "Billy." and to
Judge Taft Mr. Fowler is "Doc," that
having been his nickname in college.
As a college boy Judge Taft was the
"bully" of his class, which meant that
he was the strongest man and stood up
at the front in the class rush. He was
a freshman when Fowler was a junior.
The New Jersey Congressman, almost
as stalwart a physical specimen as the
present Secretary of War, was like
wise a strong man in his class. The
two saw some vigorous tests of
strength in their college days, but that
has only increased their mutual regard.
Taft Stronjr Man of Class.
containing 7,000,000 feet. The Leggett
herself carries 1,000,000 feet of lum
ber and 14,000,000 laths.
Francis II. LegRCtt Will Tow 7,000,000
Feet ami Carrj an Immense
Cargo.
ASTORIA, Or., July 11.— The steamer
Francis H. Leggett has started for San
Francisco with an immense log raft,
STARTS FOR SAN FRANCISCO
WITH GREAT LOG RAFT
Two Deputy Sheriffs Aro Mortally
Wounded by * Inmates of
Gaming House.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., July 11. — In a
raid by deputy sheriffs on a crap gam
bling house on Desoto street to
night Deputy Houston Mitchell and
Deputy Thomas Kidd were mortally
wounded bv inmates of the place.
RAIDING OFFICERS SHOT
BY /MEMPHIS' GAMBLERS
"At noon the Japanese artillery ar
rived and engaged the Cossack horse
battery. The Russians made no at
tempt seriously to contest the ground,
but retired to a fresh positiondat the
same time worrying the enemy.
"The whole of our artillery, remain
ing in the rear and covering the in
fantry retreat at Pintzan, allowed the
Japanese to come up and then shelled
them. Again the fight developed with
some warmth, while the Japanese
brought up fresh batteries, with which
they pounded the village.
"General Stakelberg hung on until
late in the afternoon. We could hear
his guns growling behind us as the
column moved northward. Quiet then
ensued and the march was continued
uninterruptedly to Tatchekiao.
"There has just been captured here
a Japanese, who, from his attire, seem
ed to be a bank clerk. He speaks Rus
sian fluently." ,
"There was little rifle fire. The Rus
sian main column was already pro
ceeding north, a few Cossacks, hover
ing in the rear, supporting the batte
ries.
ARTILLERY COVERS RETREAT
"The entire day was marked by a
Ions series of artillery duels. The
enemy in front covered the plain on
both sidf-s of the road and the defiles
in the eastern hills. Wherever an ad
vance movement appeared it was
greeted by the bark of the quick-firers
and the drumming of the machine
guns.
"The Japanese advance commenced
at dawn, at first quietly and cautiously
and then with a rush thirty-five in
fantry companies hurled themselves
across the river. They must have been
surprised to find themselves unopposed
and greeted only by the smoke of the
warehouse, which we had set on fire
before retiring.
"Our batteries had got away Ions
before the arrival of the Japanese and'
were in a position north of the town,
from which they greeted the Japanese
with a hail of shrapnel as they started
to foliow our retreat.
it would have the honor of fighting for
its Emperor, the fatherland and the
fame of the Russian army, and ex
pressing his sincere wishes for the regi
ment, with a preyer that God might
bless its standards.
The papers lecall a similar message
sent by the Emperor to a regiment of
British dragoons, of which he was hon
orary colonel, before its departure for
South Africa during the Boer war, and
point to the fact that his Majesty at
the spring parade at Potsdam ex
pressed to the Japanese military at
tache his admiration for the bravery of
the Japanese troops. They say that the
message was purely a courtly and mili
tary one from a soldier's point of view,
with greatest honor to the regiment to
be sent to the front. The concluding
prayer was merely for the welfare of
the soldiers, and the expression of sin
cere wishes was only a desire that they
should add to their laurels as a regi
ment. >»
The opposition papers content them
selves by saying that the zeal of the
semi-official press doubtless is due to
the impression created by the Em
peror's telegram declaring that Rus
sian mourning would be German
mourning.
Slav Force Abandons Kaicliou Positions at and Brown Troops. Advancing to
the Charge at Dawn, Are Surprised to Find the
Town's Intrenchments Deserted.
"Both sides held their respective po
sitions through the warm, star-lit
night. Japanese reserves were hurry
ing up and concentrating f ot a morn
ing attack, but we had held out as
long as advisable in the face of the
growing number of the . enemy and
quietly prepared to evacuata
"In the meantime the Japanese cav
alry on the extreme west tried to creep
around the shore of the Gulf of Liao
tung but our batteries headed off the
cavalrymen and drove them in con
fusion. By noon the advance was
checked at all points, though increas
ing numbers of Japanese were seen
gathering in the hills and their batte
ries threw an occasional shot.
RETIRE AT NIGHT.
"We had a squadron of cavalry and
a battalion of infantry across the river,
and through the golden haze we could
Just see them maneuvering to meet
the Japanese column, which they en
gaged fiercely. The Japanese finally
rolled back.
•'Early in the morning of July 8 the
hills to the southward and eastward of
Kaichou were apparently deserted, but
we were aware that the Japanese were
ready to spring. had destroyed the
railroad bridge south of the town and
had a strong line of rifle pits .along
the bank of the river,
"It was a brilliant maneuver. The
Japanese began to advance from the
defiles where they were concealed and,
taking cover behind the thick trees
and in the gardens south of the river,
kept their batteries ' on the hill tops
carefully masked.
"While the Japanese crept forward
100 yards, keeping up a fierce exchange
with our riflemen, another column
started to work around pur left,
through a deep valley. The sound of a
heavy rifle fire at the railway station
told us that the column had struck our
outposts. Then our battery behind the
station opened fire and the advance in
that direction, was checked.
"On July 7, Eekhardt, with a small
detachment of mounted volunteers,
made a bold and rapid sweep through
and around the Japanese lines and re
turned, with exact information as to
the disposition of the enemy. Eekhardt
penetrated clear to Senuchen and found
fvo divisions moving in three columns
in three parallel valleys toward our
flank. The main Japanese force bi
vouacked at Vafangow.
JAPANESE BEGIN ATTACK
TATCHEKIAO. Saturday, July 9.—
A Russian correspondent who has just
arrived with the Russian rear guard,
after a running fight, from Kaichou
says :
"We evacuated Kaichou on Saturday,
after a fight Ia.si.ing throughout Fri
day. We made a short stand at Fint
zan, seven miles north of Kaichou. Th3
Japanese kopt on cur heels, and there
were constant exchanges between th'.-
Russian and the Japanese batteries.
The Japanese advance stopped eight
miles south of here. The fighting along
the road was lively, but our losses were
email.
"There had been preliminary skir
mishing and maneuvering for position
around Kaichou since July 5. On the
following: day two companies were
caught in the hills to the eastward and
surrounded by six Japanese battalions.
They cut their way out and return*^
to Kaichou, bringing many wounded.
"On the morning of July 6 our scouts
reported that a strong Japanese force
was taking up a position in the hills to
the southeast.
ADMIRAL SKRYDLOFF, COMMANDER OF THE VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON'.
Russian Political Prisoners Will Here
after Receive Fair Trials.
ST. PETJSRFBUBG. July 11.— The
frystem ot conderaring political prison
ers by administrative order has been
abolished by Imperial decree, and per
tons accused of political crimes will
henceforth be tried l>y the courts un
der the regular procedure. This re
form is far-reaching:, ondinpr forever
the arbitrary condemnation to exile,
"cr even death, of political prisoner)*
without the intervention of the^courts.
It is considered to be one of the most
fv.eerirjr reforms of this generation,
and :t is understood that it was de
cided upon by the Council of the em
pire with the acquiescence and ap
proval of Minister of the Interior
Flehwe.
FT. PETERSBURG. Juiy 11.— Details
of the Russian retirement from Kai
chou, which is hailed as a great vic
tory at Tokio, show, according to the
< luial report of Lieutenant General
M;:!;haroff, commander of the Eastern
army, that it was little more than a
scries of skirmishes. The Russian
losses wore about 200 men. The Tokio
report that ten puns were captured is
doubted. The Russians retired in per
fect order before General Oku's army,
consisting of four divisions.
Staff Captain Count Nerod, who was
killed, was a brother of the midship
man of that name who was killed at
the time of the sinking of the Russian
protected cruiser Variag off Chemulpo.
Captais Nerod was ir. command of the
r^ar guard, v. hich is a post of honor.
A Russian officer oceupyine this post
must be behind his men. and it 1 was
while following the troops that Nerod
met hit death.
Ger.ernl Oku'5 advance continues.
His main force, which the general staff
believe? to be almost €0,000 strong,
¦uas yesterday about five miles north
of Kaichou. .
< ZAR GRANTS NEW REFORM
Ku^ian* Minimize the Importance of
the Kaicliou I>efeat.
ONLY SMALL SKIRMISHES.
WOODLAND, July 11.— After fright
ening his family from home by threats,
John Marten to-day turned a gun on
himself. Inflicting: a fatal -wound In his
left side. His son ventured back to the
house from a neighbor's where the fam
ily had taken refuge and found the
father dying upon the floor in a pool
of his own blood. Marten attempted to
end his life a year ago by taking poi
son. The plan was discovered in time
and physicians saved his life. Marten
was a native of Portugal and was aged
about 50 years. He leaves a widow and
several children.
Yolo Farmer Commits Suicide While
Relatives Are TTMlng at
Neighbor*.
PAILS TO KILL FA3HLY
AND SLAYS HIMSELF
STOCKTON, July 11.— A keeper has
been placed in charge of Henry Arm
brust's winery near this city by the
internal revenue officers. The wines
and liquors have been appraised and
will be held pending an adjustment of
trouble growing out of alleged viola
tions of the internal revenue laws. A
special officer has been in Stockton sev
eral days and is believed to have been
working on the case, though F. E. Ellis,
the local deputy revenue officer, refuses
to discuss the matter. Armburst paid
quite a big penalty over six months ago
for a violation of the law and it is be
lieved that this case is a very severe
one and that he will have to pay the
limit.
Stockton Man Must Answer to the
Government for Alleged Viola
tion of Law.
REVENUE OFFICERS TAKE
CHARGE OF A WINERY
Japanese scouts are close to Yinkow.
They can be seen on the neighboring
hilltops, from which they occasionally
tire on the Russian outposts.
The Japanese began to push their ad
vance north at dawn on July 9 after
taking Kaichou, and since then they
have proceeded steadily. They kept
th*ir artillery well to the front and
ehelled and occupied Pintzan, seven
rr.iles north of Kaichou, at noon on
July S. It is now reported that they are
in close touch with Tatchekiao.
General Oku is said to be wearing a
Chinese costume.
YI.VKOW, July 11.— Japanese vessels
have been seen off Kaichou. It is be
lieved that they are keeping in touch
with the advance of the land forces,
and that if the Japanese take Tatche
kiao, which is thought to be their ob
jective, a landing will be made simul
taneously at Tinkow.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 11.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin. according to private
edvices from the front, will not make
a serious attempt to hold Tatchekiao,
above Kiachou, midway between that
place and Halcheng and where the
railroad connects with the branch from
Newchwang. Developments of the Jap
anese strength on the Siuyen road
peem to be forcing a Russian concen
tration between Haicheng and Liao
yeng, but preparations are making to
defend the former as long as possible.
General Count Keller's force, which
was a little south of Liaoyang, has
apparently moved farther southward,
to stay the advance of the Japanese
direct on the Fengwangcheng-Hal
cheng road.
The pressure on the Russian left rear
as it withdraws continues. There is
row seemingly practically nothing in
the way of a Japanese occupation of
rcewchwang and the completion of the
Japanese line across the head of the
Liaotung peninsula. The fortification
of the passes of Fenshui range and the
Fcmi-circle eastward of Liaoyang is
reported. ,
"Little Father: We are happy . to
see you take such a personal interest
in the soldiers and we workingmen are
ready to enter the ranks and shed our
blood for the Emperor and the Father
land. Graciously accept bread and salt
on behalf of your loyal subjects, the
workingmen."
At Kolomna, after holding a review,
the Emperor addressed the troops, ex
pressing his assurance that they would
maintain the honor of the Russian
arms. An impressive scene followed.
The Emperor, . who was mounted,
raised aloft an ikon and the officers
and men sank to their knees, while
his Majesty made the sign of the
cross with the ikon above their bowed
heads and conferred the blessing of
himself and the Empress upon them.
A deputation of workmen from the
mechanical works. through their
spokesman, addressed the Emperor
thus: »
MOSCOW, July 11.— The Emperor's
second journey to South Russia to
speed the departing troops has thus
far been attended by demonstrations
similar to those made during his first
tour.
Nicholas II Reviews Soldiers About to
Leave for Manchuria.
EMPEROR BLESSES TROOPS.
"Of course, all this was not won
without losses, some of which/ will
strike the hearts of our countrymen.
"We started to take the offensive on
the night of July 1, when we began a
strong attack. Our soldiers, who had
been forced back at Kinchou, were
waiting for an opportunity to get at the
Japanese. The result was most satis
factory. The Infantry marched out as
if engaged in maneuvers, while the ar
tillery, taking up a position, opened a
fierce flre with shrapnel on the enemy'3
line, resulting in their retirement.
"During" the three days' battle the
Novik and a fleet of gunboats left the
harbor daily, covering the right flank
of the army and stopping the fire of
the enemy's artillery. On July 4 the
Novik finally obtained the range of the
enemy's batteries and did frightful
damage to them. All the morning the
gjunboats, without receiving any return
fire, shelled the enemy's troops march-
Ing toward our defenses. The Japanese
fleet appeared in the afternoon and our
gunboats returned to the inner harbor
without sustaining any damage."
"After three days' fighting the posi
tions of the two armies are as follows:
On the left flank we retained the posi
tion we originally^ occupied. The forc
ing of our right flank back previous to
this was rectified, and we have both
Green and Semaphore hills in our
hands. In front of these hills we are
not opposed, but we are being heavily
shelled from both sides. The enemy re
tired a considerable distance.
CHEFU, July 11.— The Port Arthur
Novi Krai of July 7, a copy of which
has Just reached Chefu, contains an ac
count of the operations around Port
Arthur from July 3 to July 5. It says:
"Heayy fighting has occurred between
the first line of defenses and the Japa
nese. The results are not announced.
Nevertheless, little at a time, the facts
are becoming known. Our side sent
scouts to ascertain the position and
strength of the enemy and whether
they were protected by trenches. It was
Impossible to find out the exact
strength of the Japanese, but they do
not number less than 30,000. The Chi
nese credit them with 60,000. Thirty
thousand men are not sufficient for op
erations against a fortress like this, un
less they expect assistance.
Port Arthur Newspaper Describes the
Recent Operations.
HEAVY FIGHTING DAILY.
GENERAL. COUNT KELLER'S
HEADQUARTERS, VIA LIAOYANO.
July 11. — A serious fight is expected
soon. The opposing forces are now
occupying the hills on opposite sides of
the valley of the Lynkhi River. "where
it crosses the Liaoyang road. The Rus
sians, both officers and men, are anx
ious to contest the Japanese advance.
Russians Will Make Stand
Near Liaoyang to Con
test Foe's Advance.
Fortified City Will Fall Into
Hands of Advancing
Japanese.
Opposing Forces Occupy Op
posite Sides of Lynkhi
Valley.
Russian General Declines
Battle and His Army
Will Eetire.
KUROPATKIN'S RETREAT WILL DOOM NEWCHWANG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A2>VXBTISE2£ENT3.
fill CH !# S ii tt^^i^^^ft--^
yvery low price which will
look like a much higher BW^^^^
priced hat, these at $1.30 ..:fj§P f?
will fill the bill. SyL "^S
They come in some : fw\ ***t^.
sixteen different shapes, Si^/^^^^l^.
styles and colors, includ- S^ifclip
ing black. They are as ? »t|f§i£*—^lllp'
good as any two-dollar . pljill^
nat in town. •-**-,
/&&""*&** "^P an^' Down Golf
Caps." That's the name
'^sE^toll^ =-s\ because there is a double
C^^^^^^^^^^R^^w thickness of the material
mense assortment of pat-
%T^ terns — match any suit. For
automobiling, yachting,
x,.W_ i|PS£ traveling, etc. Price $1.00.
>£.... '^^: Jegs&f&j Mail orders filled — write us.
< "^^P,,^p^ # 740 Market Street.
. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
-~ „
j FEMALE WEAKNESS 'SAT? CATARRH |
' /^mmm^^^ A Grateful Wife an* Mother "
/y%0\\ J yiili^XSv • R cstor£d to Health After ::
/^I^^^^^STvw l Ycars of Suffcring -
I/J PlKf ZH |i\ ''Pc-riMia Cures Catarrh j
fl ! fS& j^^ s 0^ i \ fi 111 ' .Wherever Located. •
MRS. J. P. REGNIER. 754 W. 20th f^^/j«|aii!j
"I am anxious to show my gratitude \ ;j§P^i Wf ; '; \ |f^?f /5^Tl
for what Peruna has done for me, and hope Mjl^ljj'' -••Sp lJ^fiJiQ^ *
this wif/ reach the eyes of some woman /ffjiKf|§!v dfK* si^S^AVv^v
who has suffired as I did. Fcr two years *| \?>^y
I had intense pains regularly every month, i /^^\ r \'^^ / '
had headache and backache. At such Tlj "iJi*^Ti |;i^££^£vj|Pj>££>-^
times I was hardly able to be about, and "j
felt very weak and worn out. I am now ' K . r A ,
feeling very well, but would not be without What th J^ %™™\ lt a mT9 .
Peruna in the house. When I see my ehil- all? No such claims are made for It. Pe-
dren are not feeling well and have a little runa cures catarrh and that la all it does
co/d^ I at once give them Peruna, and they cure - But many ailments called by
know it does them good, so they take it f°" ntl T 5 " 1 ? 3 «« f e P^dent
Zttkt;.* „ * l, , u P° n catarrh, that is catarrhal inflamma-
without any trouble. I a m a new woman tion of the mucous membrane lining
5/>>ce / began taking Peruna. My friends | some organ of the body. Hence Peruna
say, 'How well you look. 1 ' and / tell them cures catarrh of the pelvic organs (fe-
what made me well, so some of my friends f/lf ¦™?? m *™*- K Wl^K the " amo S ? Tety
-..-... , .... as it cures catarrh of the nose or throat.
are going to try it themselves. —E2rs. J. or the many other catarrhal ailment* of
P. Regnier. children.
Women all over the United States reo- Thousands qf women suffer from pel-
ommend Peruna. They praise it as a vie catarrh and catarrhal nervousness
remedy peculiarly adapted to their pecu- and don't know it. If you feel fagged
liar ailments. But they do not stop out. begin at once taking Dr. Hartmans
there. They recommend It as a family Peruna. It will relieve your catarrhal
medicine; they give it to their little chil- affliction and all your organs will be re-
dren. They say they would not be with- stored to health. Buy a bottle to-day as
out lt in their homes. lt will alleviate your case.
fl Brand m
m Evaporated I
p tsF&ani if
jagi bears the above cap label. g|s|
III Contains fully as much Eg!
| j| food substance per can a3 £a
t<|| the watery fmitations in mm
H9 It is smooth and perfect fltf
\*a because skillfully pre- ism
\JS pared Its purity is i||k
£SSr guaranteed. xffiziL^8TOCKBRIDGE. Mass. , July 11.— Richard
Wat»on Gilder: of New York, editor of the
Century, is ill with. appendicitis. He is rest-
Ing easy and it is not cerUia Uiat an opera
tion will be necessary. . : , .
Tern Thoir.pson— I spent two months
at Newport last seasc-n.
Frayed Foster — Dat so? I s'pose yor
taw lots uv style r.-re?
Torn Thompson— Nuttin' else. De
head keener uy de jail wore -a white
yarhtin' suit an' canvas shoes all de
time— Judge.
Inquiry for John J. Hill.
Mrs. Douglas W. Montgomery of
this city brought to the Morgue yes
terday a letter of inquiry from her
son, -Rev. D. W. Montgomery, pastor
of the Fifth Congregational Church at
Washington. D. C, inquiring for par
ticulars as to the death of Quarter
master's Clerk J. J. Hill, who died in
the Harbor Emergency Hospital on
,' July 1 of concussion of the brain. The
• writer stated that Hill's parents lived
in that city and that Hill was a mem
ber of hi3 church.
Ivis Angeles — V. Eaton, H. West. J. D,
Salley and famliy. J. U. voa Dersohe. F. E.
San Francisco — S. Hunn, Dr. W. Martin
C. Bradford, H. Slmkin. A. Chamley, s!
Smith, Mrs. E. E. Chamley. A. Wheeler, Mrs.
N. A. Wood. Fr.-d Burra«e Wood, • W. ¦ MeCory,
A. S. Samuels, , R. H. - Rogers, Captain H.
Henderson and wife, J. Kane, ¦ W. J. ' n.
McGee and family, &.¦ C. Brown and wife, E.
J. Floyd and wife. B. C. Hailing and wife. Miss
11. : A. Laherty. G. M. Conolly. H. Payot.
George Love, B." Baldwin, A. D. ¦ Helbing and
wife, V- P. Hope, H. Walker, C. "VV. Buck,
J.'F/Ande," L. Mayer. ' .
ST.. LOUIS, July 11. — The following
Californians have registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
3Iany Westerners Visit the Exposition
at St. Louis.
CALIFORNIANS AT FAIR.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Hotel
registers show the' following arrivals
from California: At the Raleigh —
T. J. Randall and wife, from Los An
geles; at the New. Willard — Mr. and
Mrs. Randolph H. Minor, Mr. and Mrs.
C. H. Baker," from Los Angeles; at the
National— Charles R. Fleming, from
Los Angeles, and J. Lloyd and" wife,
from San Francisco; at the St. James
—Mary M. Edwards and Lillie Whas
sheider, from Los Angeles.
Californians. in Washington.
NEW YORK, July 11. — The follow
ing Californians have registered in
New York:
From San Francisco — H. M. Avery.
and M. B. Blanding. at the Holland;
W. H. Budaker, at the Hoffman; A. J.
Frank and J. F. \ Hall, at . the Bar
tholdi; Mrs. J. MacKcnzie, at the St.
Denis; Mrs. E. C. McCuliough, at the
York; K. McGough and G. E. Middle
ton, at the Imperial; H. C. Mills, at
the Albert; C. C. Otto, at the Imperial;
W. Rosenthal, at the Ashland, and F.
Zak, at the Hoffman.
From Los Angeles — L. Bradford, at
the Herald Square; O. C. Hoff, at the
Cosmopolitan; J. J. Morgan, at the
Grand. Union; Mrs. Pihsbury, at the
Herald Square, and L. E. Russell, at
the Albert.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, July 11.— A dispatch
from Berlin asserts without qualifica
tion that a brooel of chickens has been
hatched by a cat in Buschen, near
Dusseldorf. The animal flew at the
old hen each time it ventured to ap
proach and continued sitting on the
eggs until the chickens were hatched
in the ordinary course. The chickens
now follow the cat about wherever it
goe3.
Feline Takes the Place of Hen
and Plays Mother to
Little Fowl..
BROOD OF CHICKENS
HATCHED BY A CAT
WASHINGTON, July 11. — The ef
fectiveness of the Guatemalan ants in
checking the ravagea'of the boll weevil
in the cotton fields has been tested
and Mr. Cook, expert of the Agricul
tural Department, In a telegram to
Secretary Wilson to-day announced
that the ants promptly destroyed the
weevil and the Texas ants as well. The
telegram, which was the subject of
great satisfaction to both Secretary
Wilson and Dr. Galloway, chief of the
Bureau of Planting Industry, is dated
Victory, Texas.
Expert Reports That Experiment With
Imported Insect Proves More Than
Match for Southern Pest.
GUATEMALAN* ANT KILLS
BOLL WEEVIL OF TEXAS
ABILENE, Kans., July 11. — United
States Senator Joseph R. Burton to
day received a telegram from his •at
torneys at Washington saying that
Justice David Brewer had allowed the
appeal of Burton's case to the United
States Supreme Court.
Senator Burton was convicted at
St. Louis of having received money as
an attorney to work. In the interests of
a grain company whose case for il
legal use of the mails was being in
vestigated by the Postoffice Depart
ment.
Kansas Politician, Convicted of Tak
ing 3Ioney From Trust, Makes '
Point in High Court.
SENATOR BURTON'S APPEAIj
IS GRANTED BY BREWER
Cal., with Howard E. Bassett as post
master.
The postoffice at Crab Creek, Lincoln
County, Wash., will be discontinued
July 30, the mail to go to Harrington.
Robert A. Sanders has been com
missioned postmaster at Garrison, Or.
Rural free delivery will be extended
at Whittier, Los Angeles County, Cal.,
by one route.
The following fourth-class post
masters have been appointed: Oregon
— Unity, Baker County, George C.
Houk. vice Thomas J. Elms, resigned;
Washington — Crystal, Big- Horn Coun
ty, Robert L. McKinney, vice Stella
Black, resigned.
Orders Affecting Postal Service of
Coast Issued by the De
partment.
WASHINGTON, July 11. — The fol
lowing changes in 'the postal service
have been made: •
A "postoffice has been established at
Mount Wilson, Los Angeles County,
OF LVTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Everything but the relief map of the
University of California display is in
place and- visitors are already wander
ing through the vestibule of the Palace
of Education; where it is located. The
Lick Observatory negatives show in a
thoroughly successful manner, forming
a side wall of illuminated pictures.
Astronomical s&vants are already mak
ing this display a center and are dis
cussing the views shown. . These will
become one of the famous educational
exhibits of the fair, and by being in
direct connection with ' the university
will bring that Institution added glory.
The Lick Observatory is one of the
best known institutions of the world.
Fresh fruits, coming in now in quan-*
titles, are adding to the beauty of the
California display in the Horticultural
building. These fruits are better than
those shown by any other State. As
a matter cf fact, few other States at
tempt any important display of fresh
fruits. The good condition in which
the California product usually arrives
is also an advertisement of benefit to
the State. It loses none of its excel
lence in its lone trip across the pon
tinent.
San Franciscans are finding that
city's building in the model street. The
register shows a great crowd of vis
itors oach day, many of whom are from
the Pacific Coast metropolis. San
Franciscans are beginning to make this
building their first stopping place when
they reach the fair. It is within si
few hundred feet of what has become
the main entrance to the fair, and the
San Franciscans catch their breath
there, get their bearings and map out
their plan of campaign before getting
to work sightseeing. Californians in
general arc finding the, building a pop
ular headquarters and deem them
selves fortunate in having a. resting
place at each side of the principal ex
hibit section of the fair where they can
feel at home, the State building being
the other. Visitors are given pleasant
receptions at both these structures an:l
both the buildings will be popular cen
ters during the life of the fair.
He decorated the back wall of the
California political headquarters at
the Jefferson Hotel with raisins in at
tractive boxes and thousands of peo
ple saw tlve display there, • Fresno
raising have fought their way success
fully against the foreign article until
now a few from Spain are about till
that find their way across the Atlantic.
Fresno's only concern now is to teach
the people to eat raisins. She'll do her
part and raise them if the consumers
will only do their duty. In England
and other foreign countries the
amount of raisins consumed per capita
is much greater than it is here. The
use of that fruit in America is grow
ing, but not fast enough to keep the
prices of Fresno raisins where they
should be. Other counties make raisin
displays here and show some* fine ones,
but none can vie with the original
home of that product in California.
Soil and climate give Fresno the lead
in that particular product and she will
always be the raisin center.
PALACE OF EDUCATION*.
ONE OF THE CALIFORNIA DIS
PLAYS THAT ATTRACTS MANY
VISITORS.
The raisins of Fresno County, are
a telling exhibit of the resources of a
State. £ Put. up in fancy boxes, the
raisin | arrests the attention as . does
a pretty show •. of candy. . Commis
sioner Wyer . never Idses an opport
unity to put hiSv^guuty to the front
The California wine display is pro
ducing even better results than hoped
for. Commissienor \ Haber has sent
out thousands of cards inviting 1 Vdeal
ers and men who would possibly be
come purchasers of wine for their
tables to visit the wine temple and
sample the vintages there. The wine
exhibit Is drawing as many visitors as
any other- exhibit in the Agricultural
building and there is no doubt that
great benefit will accrue to the in
dustry from it. Notes and addresses
of firms selling certain of the wines
shown are jotted down by visitors.
The labeling of the bottles has been
well done and they appear to good
advantage. A French artist who called
at the exhibit was so pleased with It
that he wrote a letter to Mr., Haber
in which he said the display was one
of the most artistic he had ever seen
at a fair. .-
To create a market for olive oil is
the great task before the growers of
that commodity In California. Those
exhibiting oil here find the Eastern
public must be educated as to the dif
ference between the pure article and
the cottonseed mixtures sold generally
as olive. The main obstacle in the
way of weaning the public from the
adulterated oil is the much higher
price that must be charged for the
pure California product. Having been
used to procuring what they thought
was olive oil for very little money,
many people cannot easily bring them
selves to pay the higher prices for
the superior California product, gen
erally pronounced superior to the im
ported.
MUST EDUCATE PUBLIC.
CALL BUREAU. PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLDS FAIR, ST. LOUIS,
July 11.— There are many visitors to
this exposition who will learn for the
first time that often when they buy
supposed foreign articles of a sort pro
duced in California, they are simply
buying California goods, sometimes of
an inferior quality and usually at a
greater price, with a foreign label.
That California wines and prunes are
reshipped from the old world to Am
erica under foreign labels and that
vast quantities of Southern cotton seed
oil come back here as "pure imported
olive oil" to compete with the Cali
fornia oil are facts unknown to the
great majority of Easterners, notwith
standing the constant publicity given J
them. The men in charge of the Call- j
fornia exhibit here have noted the im
portance of disseminating this sort of
information and visitors to the booths
in the agricultural building are in
formed that if they want a genuine
article they would best buy California
products and not worship before the
foreign label. Labels can be bought
more cheaply 'directly from the factory
than they can on the bottles and pack
ages prepared by the cunning foreign
er who has learned that only his labels
are superior in contest with California
goods.
Some of the County Commissioners
in charge of exhibits at the Agricult
ural building are of th; opinion that
money spent in a direct campaign
throughout the East against the wor
ship of the foreign label and in edu
cating the people to the fact that they
are being imposed upon would be of
great benefit to the State. There is no
reason why any appreciable quantities
of certai - products grown in Califor
nia, such as wine, olive oil, prunes,
raisins and, after a while, Smyrna
figs, should be brought from the old
world for consumption in America,
California can always supply this coun
try with these goods, j Of course there
; are a few brands of wines, champagnes
I especially, and oils produced in foreign
countries that will always be sought*
, but the use 'of these will not material
j ly injure California, It Is the use of
j articles inferior to or no better than
i her own, simply because they bear
; that strange virtue of having, in some
j cases osteneibly only, come from a
¦ country other than America, that she
need fear.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Miscellaneous points — \V. F. - Oelbjie. P-
Voris. Petaluma; G. K. A'oorhees, A. V. Cole,
£anta Barbara; S. Bedell. Emma Bngelen,
Mabflle Lewis. Annie Tyler, W. L. Dreger.
V. Miller, Pasadena; D. N. Carmichael and
wife. E. H. Nelson. Ethel Innea, Sacramento;
F. M. Brooks. Mrs. Brooks. Stanford; J. G.
AVamop and wife, Chico; Mrs. E. Worn,
n. Blundell. Coronado; Mrs. F. M. Philbrook.
Kve L. Philbrook. Oxnard; B. McGarvey, J.
B. Sanford, B. E. Pemberton. B. E. Gain, G.
Keltor.. I'kiah; S. Vlereck. Altadena; Mrs. F.
G. Eggleston. F. G. EgRleston. Redlands; W.
S. ShcpardFon. Coltnn; J. E. Ragan, Stockton;
R J. Flnlgan. Mou'.ton; R. L. J-essup, Hay
wards; Mrs. Elene Halckl. Vallejo; N. Plshie.
Berkeley; J. W. Hembaugh. Bakersfleld; F. A.
Knight. Long Beach; M. C. Shelll. Bridgeport;
A. A. SMrley. Bishop: R. B. Timbulake,
A. C Nichols, Bridgeport; M. Conway. Fuller
ton; C. E. Hosp. Riverside; W. S. Dicker,
Fanta Rosa: Jennie McElroy. Hopland; Mabel
Saxon, Willita; Kdith Wilson. Tifdale; M. L.
Kraft, Santa Rosa; H. P. Kinssbury. Red
lands; F H. McConneil, Berkeley: T. H. Me
<rubbin. Marysville: W. V. Regan. Santa CHara;
O St»venson. Visalia; Ray Scott. Ontario: F.
\V. Cramlall, Saratoga; D. Rlghter, Liver
more; H. Lawson Wathall. Modesto; E. P.
Waggoner Livenr.ore: N\ J. Fairleigh. Delta;
Arthur MrFaul. Fort Bragg; Mrs. A. W. Fair
lolgh. Delta; W. T. Wood. Redlands; G. R.
Bartl-ett, Healdsburg: Dora Garner, Santa
Rosa; Kate Cozzens, S. S. Foster. San Jose.
Vedder, V. C. Gorden and wife, C. EUery.
Mr*. M. 8. Tyler. O. D. Stone, J. Simons. W.
B. Bell. W. L. Judson. J. P. McCarthy. J. V.
Martha Roh!ns>on. J. . J. Morgan. W. H.
Armstrong:, G A. Rate.
Oakland— A. G. Hilling:. W. Crowhurst, J.
C. Harris. L. X. Roberts, Lee Hull. J. Conant
and wife. R. Merritt, George Inplesole, Agnes
Nichols, J. P. Nichols, J. J. McDonald and
wife.
San Diegc— Mrs. P. P. Earle, P. Shaw. V.
E. Shaw. M C. Deerlng.
Pan Jose — W. D. Allen. M. T. Moore, H. G.
Hill F H. Sehatlenberg.
The average condition of spring ry*
on July 1 was 90.8, as compared with
88.3 on July 1, 1903, and a ten-year
average of 87.4.
The acreage of flaxseed is es-. than
that of last year by about 826,000 acres,
or 25.6 per cent, and the condition on
July 1 was 86.6.
The existing condition of spring
wheat on July 1 was 93.7, as compared
with 93.4 last month, 82.5 in July 1.
1903, and a ten-year average of 86.8.
The average condition on July 1 of
spring and winter wheat combined was
84.5, as compared with 80 on July 1,
1903, and 82.9 at the corespondlng date
In 1902. The amount of wheat remain
ing in the hands of farmers on July 1
If estimated at about 36,630,000 bushels,
equivalent to about 5.7 per cent of the
crop of last year.
The average condition of the oat crop
on July 1 was 89.8, as compared with
89.2 last month, 94.3 on July 1, 1903,
and a ten-year average of 87.3.
The average condition of barley on
July 1 was 88.5, against 90.5 one month
ago, 86.8 on July 1, 1903, and a ten-year
average of 87.1.
The average condition of winter rye
on July 1 was 88, as compared with
90.2 on July 1, 1903; 91.2 at correspond
ing date in 1902 and a ten-year average
ofS9.7.
'WASHINGTON, July 1L— Primary
returns to the chief of the bureau of
the Department of Agriculture show
the acreage of corn planted to be about
91,930,000 acres'^ an increase of about
2,130,000 acres, or 2.4 per cent on the
area planted last year, as revised in
December. The average "condition of
the growing crop on July 1 was 86.5,
as compared with 79.4 on July 1, 1903.
The average condition of winter wheat
on July 1 was 87.7, as compared with
77.7 last month and 78.8 on July 1. 1903.
and a ten-year average of 78.3. It
should be borne In mind that this re
port relates to conditions on July 1
and takes no note of the effects of the
storms that have occurred In certain
States since that date.
Going deeper into the proposition of
rights. Van Ness asked if Monroe un
deretor-d it to be the right of unions
by pickets and boycotts to interfere
with a man's business because he did
not do as the unions wanted. Maguire,
the attorney for the union, objected to
the question a? requiring an expres
sion of the witness's opinion and an
interpretatiem of union rules which
had not been mentioned in the plead
ings. Monroe was of the opinion that
a union had a richt to dictate to an
employer as to what kind of work an
employe should do and cited that a
hostler under unicn rules would not
be permitted to clean harness in the
stable nor would a harness .man be
permitted to clean horses — it would be
one man doing two men's work, he
paid.
The trial of the case will be resumed
th!s morning:.
In respens*? to further questions Mon
roe argued that an employer had no
legal right To agree with his employes
as to the hours of work or amount of
ray they should get and in explanation
of his belief that a laborer had a right
to demand certain hours and certain
pay the witness said that he had work
ed in a stable here before the time of
unions and that he received $30 a
month for working from 3 o'clock in
the morning to 9 at night. He asked
if the attorney thought that was legal,
whereupon Judge Hunt Interrupted
him and told him that he need not ar
gue the case.
Monroe responded in the negative
and said: "We don't object to how h*i
runs his stable, but we do object to
his trying to run our business, and I
guess we have as much interest in la
bor as he has in his own business."
Van 6s asked it Monroe, as a
union man, recognized the right of
Pierce and other stable owners to run
their business in their own way so
long as they did not interfere with the
union or the union's business. The
witness proceeded to explain that
Pierce had called his unioi. men down
from their work one day in April and
showed them an "open shop" card,
tolling them if they did not want to
work under those signs they could take
thf-ir hats and go. Monroe said that in
this action Pierce was dictating to the
union men as to how they should work.
Thereupon Van Ness asked if there
was any law against posting such
cards, or if Monroe knew of any legal
right of a union to dictate to an em
ployer who put up open-shop cards.
The witness declared that as long as
an employer had up" an open shop card
and had no union men working for
him, the union not care how many
cards he posted, but it objected to- em
ployers hiring non-union men and put
tins them in with union men.
ARGUMENT FOB LAWYERS.
When asked by Van Ness what he
expected to accomplish by having thir
ty-five men parade in a circle, Mon
roe replied that he . intended to notify j
the union and laboring people not to
patronize an unfair stable. Van N ss j
risked if this could not have I en done !
with a single-banner man and Monroe j
said he thought the more pressure |
brought to b?ar the quicker the thin? |
would be ended. Questioned further j
Monroe declared that while one or two
men would not b^ seen, thirty-five or
fifty would attract the attention of "a. i
lot of the public who cannot read."
"Tour idea," said Van Ness, "was
to show Pierce that he could not run
his business the way he was running i
it but as the union wanted it run?"
MONROE'S MOTIVE.
?v!<i;:roe testified that ht took charge i
<jf the pickets about April 2S», a week !
after the strike at the Nevada Stables !
v.as begun. At first only two men j
v.ere eniragred in carrying banners in ;
front of the place, but on the ninth or j
tenth of May he put on thirty-five men, j
jroing around with a horse and buggy |
to gather that number from the other j
>tab!es. He appointed captains for the i
pickets v.t the various stables. He )
hirr.-pelf remained at headquarters, but
when he heard *of a disturbance among
the rackets at the Nevada Stables he ¦
would go down and take the disturbers j
cut of the liae aui send them to the ;
ofitoe. The disturbance, he said, con- j
s-isied in their "hollering things I told |
them rot to holler,'" being drunk or
tJsorderly and talking in loud tones.
Answering: questions asked by T. C.
Van Ness, attorney for Pierce, Monroe ;
said thr t in a union meeting, upon !
inotiun of some one whom he did not j
it- member, he was appointed captain |
of the pickets and given full power j
U> iutt i- his distribution and direction
of them, keeping within the bounds of J
law. Nobody had denned to him what j
xvas within the law nor did he receive ;
any other instructions. Mr. Van Ness
later questioned him in detail upon his ;
understanding of the legal rights of |
'.be Stablemen's Union and stable pro- ]
prietors. Monroe answered the queries j
with directness, but ofttimes insisted j
upon making explanations which once j
vr twice took an argumentative form.
On one of these occasions Judge Hunt
rdmorished the witness not to argue i
Lbe case, but to leave that for the at- j
tot-reve. ¦
r C. P. Monrwe. captain of the Stable- j
Union pickets, was on the stand ¦
LU morning in Judge Hunt's court yes- j
lerday in the trial of the suit brought j
by E. G. Pierce, proprietor of the Ne- j
k-ada Stab'.es. fur an injunction against |
ihe union. Upon the result of this ;
Ji-jarmp. as far as the lower court can j
determine, will depend the right of j
iabur organizations to use boycotts i
;.nd pickets against employers said to j
l»e '"unfair."
An interesting fact in connection
I with the suit developed yesterday, when
• it was learned that one of the auditors
; of the Southern Pacific Company, act-
I ing in a similar capacity for the Salt
I Lake road, had been conferring lately
! with Bender Bros, with regard to an
1 amicable settlement of the existing dif
\ faculties between them and the con-
I struction company, which would sug
\ Best that Harriman is* taking a more
| active interest in the affairs of the Salt
j Lake road than he has been willing to
! admit. Bender Bros, are inclined to
: view the suit somewhat in the light of
• a move of Harriman for revenge.
According to their side of the case,
¦ w hen the Clark people first attempted
! to get their rights of way for their
road they were confronted on all sides
: by opposition from the Harriman inter
{ ests. and later when Senator 'Clark
• and his brother went into the market
j in search of tics they were again made
j to ftel the Harrima'n influence. The
only firm that would consent to sell
; them ties was that of Bender Bros.
j Some time ago it developed that Har
riman had sained control of the Salt
Lake road, and from that time on, it is
j claimed, the lumbermen began to meet
. opposition from Harriman.
•It was learned yesterday that the
j dissolution of the Empire Construction
i Company has been planned for some
time, and that hereafter the San Pedro,
Loa Angeles and Salt Lake road will
j do its own building and contracting for
¦ material.
Attorney Hu Jones, representing
Bender Bros., stated yesterday after
noon that the suit would be bitterly
fought by his clients, who he claims
are prepared to prove that they have
not violated any of their contracts and
that the suit was actually brought to
abrogate certain contracts between the
company and the lumbermen in order
to get out of paying the price of ties
agreed on In the contracts. The mate
rial was contracted for at a time when
ties were very high, a fact over which
the defendants had no control, and
could now be bought in the market at a
very much lower rate. As to the money
advanced by the construction company,
it is claimed by Attorney Jones that
his clients would have long ago wiped
out the indebtedness had the Clark
concern kept its part of the agreement.
It is claimed that the storms along the
coast for a time prevented the loading
of schooners with the ties, and the re
cent engineers' strike also materially
decayed the deliverance of the ties, but
these obstacles were amply provided
for in the contracts between the two
parties.
HARRIMAN TAKES A HAND.
The injunction is designed to prevent
the Benders from disposing of any of
the real and personal property.
BENDERS WILL FIGHT.
It is alleged that the Benders have
delivered only 368,751 ties and have re
fused to deliver the balance of 133,249.
It is further averred that the Benders
are in possession of the land and have
greatiy lessened its value by cutting
tan bark and redwood timber thereon
and that if they are permitted to con
tinue the complainant's security will
be still further impaired. It is further
charged that the Benders, in viola
tion of their contract, have sold large
numbers of redwood ties to other par
ties and that there are a large num
ber of ties on the ground.
The complaint filed yesterday al
leges that on December 1, 1902, the
complainant advanced $38,400 for th?
purchase of lands on which to cut
railroad ties and agreed to advance
$5000 per month for six months for the
labor of making the ties. The title
was put in the name of the com
plainant and the latter gave a deed to
Bender Brothers and placed it in es
crow in the First National Bank to
secure complainant for the money ad
vanced to be paid for in railroad ties.
It was agreed further that out of the
price of every cargo of ties delivered
the complainant should have the right
to retain 25 per cent for the purpose
of repaying the amount advanced for
the purchase of the lands and 75 per
cent for the purpose of repaying the
amounts advanced for supplies and la
bor.
The Empire Construction Company
of Utah filed a complaint in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday against
William A. Bender, George L. Bender,
First National Bank of San Francisco
and others to recover $37,571 50 and the
deeds to certain lands in Mendocinj
and Sonoma counties. Judge Erskint
M. Ross granted a temporary restrain,
ing order and appointed Charles Wier
as receiver with bands at JSO,OOO.
The action will be watched with con
siderable interest by local railroad
men, for it has been hinted that an
effort will be made by the defense to
show, during the progress of the trial,
that E. H. Harriman, head of the big
Southern Pacific system and is sup
posed to have a large interest in the
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
road, is behind the suit. The Empire
Construction Company has as its presi
dent J- Ross Clark, a brother of Sena
tor W. A, Clark, president of the Salt
Lake road, and was organized by the
Clarks for the purpose of constructing
the road between Salt Lake and Los
Angeles. *
WAXTS RETURN* OF MONEY.
Present Average Condition
of Cereals Better Than
the Growth of Last Year
Monroe Improved by Judge
for an Attempt to Argue
With Examining Lawyer
SAYS ACTS ARE LEGAL
i
Defendants Say E. H. Harri
lnan Is Beally the Insti
gator of the Civil Action
SUES IX FEDEBAL COUBT
LAEGE YIELD ASSUKEI)
Captain of the Stablemen's
Pickets Gives Evidence ill |
Suit for an Injunction I
Senator Wants Back Money
Advanced to Lumbermen
by Construction Company
Department- of Agriculture
Eeceives Cheering News
From the Various Centers
Golden State's Exhibit of Wines, Raisins, Prunes and Oil Shows
Public That in Purchasing "Imported" Articles It Simply Pays
for Label on Package Containing Products of the West
CLARK AFTER
THE BENDERS
COURT LISTENS
TO UNION MAN
CROP REPORTS
SHOW INCREASE
FAIR MAKES PLAIN TO WORLD
VALUE OF CALIFORNIA GOODS
THE SAN ;FRANGISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12. 1904.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is there any soap but
Pears' which has been sold
in two centuries and is'
selling in the third?
• Sold all over the wot Id.
A Man's Drink
Nothing makes you feel so j
fit for your day's work as
Golden
SI Gat > e
fe^p Coffee
at breakfast
Sold on^Merit. I
J.A.FoIger&Co.
/""Tfc» r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
KnrTOT 1 " 1^54 for the treatment of Private
Hi LntllW 1 " 11 " " " ' ''""t Manhood. Debility or
MfesWNiimdKyaat. wearing r>n body and mlml and
Vww/r'sS*^ 1 " Di«*a«es. The Poctorrure* when
j^mgNnlhen full. Try him. » bnrj;»-s low.
rnSrjSfiaBl'nrr^icunrnnlrrd. Cnllor write.
Dr. JT. I*. UIBliOA, Man Francisco, Cat
ADVEBTISEMEJJT&.
; - ; • ,'•* . m*t*?" T^Jt : ' V^i *V ™W^ ¦ • • " •*•
PositiTely cnred by these
Uttle Pills.
Thej also rehere Distress firota Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drovrsi-
aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonga*
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Tbef
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
8maI!_Pr3ce*
Something of a Sensation
wfll come to you when you examine
the exquisite finish of linen as we
launder it — a pleasant sensation at
that. Needless to say you will appre-
ciate our work the longer you employ
it — needless to say we would like you
to start trying it now.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 UABZXT STREET.
Telephone South 420.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a centoiy
PREPARED BY
MERCHANT TAILORS.
622 Market Street.
Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO. I
I £ Novelties in Imported Wear. ?>
i
| lj.ii a V |,a m. Frornpt relief. Cans* remorati.
tjRj ft" US** Symptoms never return A com-
11W ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦"¦¦ pletn anil permanent constuu-
«vr» SCTOfflfl t:oaal c I' RE . iu.k (o r R «.
Ad I HfM A Write at ones for It, to
P. HAROLD HAYES. Buffalo, N. Y.
! d visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
kiUSEUa OF ANATOMY^
\ ,C^ Th« Larfot Automieal Munm in tbc \
a miwtj^ "•*'*• "—taw— — tmj contracted i I
i. CEs&Tj dnene pspitlvaly mmrm*hj the •!4c»i
O /K& 1 i *«°»''« •¦ :ie Cot«i Eit jt y-irv < I
A 4«g* J DB. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN , i
\ fffTpS^fl CaDMliamo ft« and BrV-tty print*.
0 J »«8 Tr—OBtnt p.non.1., or »t letter. A I I
1 J y «l( J*$>Hb» CW. in mry oh ¦advnaken.
>S1 HA Wrttt fa B<»k. r WLeaoPH Y «f , I
r I If JH ninBUet, mailed rmt. (a' 1 '
\ Q l± T»iu«bl€ bMk far am)
" DSL J0BB1X * CO.. 1351 Sferkat St.. 8. t. 9
O^SkO^^^O^^^^ -^ <%,
<^fi|^Every Woman
f~ Wt>^}A»s\i\M 1» lateretted »nd ihoold know
®W™ MARVEL Whirling Spray
ttonand Swtum. Best— ll»f-
ilk y*»r Inrilit tar It. jSsi. i-*""" -^~****
If hr cannot inpply the >iv /&C7 ¦« A V'O^
HAnVKL. accept no >4pr «¦&/.,£•'*_<<¦», -
otner, but send tump for <Sik. **%/'%'/¦&*
Illustrated book- •••Ji*. Itctrea / 'VftJT
fall particulars and <1irt«tions In- X\ / M
ralnabl* to ladles. M.4RVKI. COu^Tfr/ .'.¦-¦ jm
41 rark H«w, Sew * ork. t*ii^£r
132 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladled Dept.). 224 Suttar.
Union thrujr Co., 400 Sutter and 10O Stockton,
Osgood Brothers 7th and Broadway, Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy , J . ,.. .11» Elite
BAJA CALIFORNIA
D ami ana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE. Agents.
32S Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
yjgSS^sM MENANDWOMElt.
Cs« Big & for unnatural
jfej&'tn tui *»r».V}f diichar«a»,infl»n!rnation».
S£3K# Quraateed Tjl irritation* or UlcoratloM
jff«s»B a«t to •uloior*. of mucous ni<*;nbr\nei.
BP*a Trm** fmu«i«». Piin",ei», and not aitri-*-
{jVilTHEEUISCHEMiCAlCO. g*at or poUoncoi.
*jfij\ Cl!ttM!UTl 1 O.K??4i l S * ld by »«»r*l«t*-
i %2*a»^ Ub.4, jfc&r OT ient ln 5 iatn wr»pp«r.
i -TT^i^i ¦iTrrT'i ** •xpr«»«. prepaid, far
I »l.00.or3bottle»*3.7k.
| w F ' *> m Circular soct on nanxrb
}* fi PATj|NTSf J
DIRECTORY
I OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
j Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
j on Application. .«--
| rSESH A2TS S-H.T MEATS.
I JAS RfiYF^ £ TO ShJpping Butcher*. 103
JAJ. DUIE3 tt W'J. Clay . T ,i. Main izn.
oas. ~
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELUS.
418 Front iU E. F. Pnon* Main 1719.
F f RffiHP^ PRINTER.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year; The heart's testimony; is - stronger
than a thousand .witnesses/ — ;
Former Resident (back at the old
home on a visit)— What has become of
Lustigo, who used to be such a howler
against monopolists, corporations and
all that sort>f thing? ->afi9l
Old Citizen— He's here still, but he
Isn't doing "any howling now. He found
a vein of coal. In his land' a few weeks
aco.— Washington Star.
"Ah, no, < doctor,", replied the keeper,
"you send "too. many .deadheads through
iere."— New. YorkGlobr
A, cemetery on the outskirts of De
troit is'reached by a* good pike! road, on
which there is a toll gate.' All funerals
are; allowed. to. pass j free. One day. the
well-known • Dr.. B— ,' returning ¦ home,
stopped at the; toll; gate to pay his toll
and said to the" gatekeeper:
"You ought * to : pass doctors free of
ton." ' ';¦ ¦ :'¦:'¦- ;<i : r 'v, « ' / : ' ¦ : ' : > .
Many a True AVord.
"Well, madam." said he, "you're like
ly, to .wait a ; while longer. The cars
haven't .been, running on this line for
seven years."— New. York Times. '
A Lons Wait.
When Edward M. Ryan, the six-foot
three Broadway policeman, was sta
tioned at University place he saw a
prettily dressed woman standing, on the
far. side of, the street. She stood there
for half- an"*hour when he went uo to
her. Vi v^pggpS^SBg^
"Are you waiting for a car?" he
asked." : .
"Yes,", she answered.
ST. LOUIS. Jtiiy 11.— Charles J.
Denny, a former member of the Mu
nicipal Assembly, charged with bribery
in connection with the city lighting
deal, pleaded guilty to-day. Sentence
was deferred. Denny is the third of
the nineteen former members of the
Assenibly. indicted on various charges
of boodling. who has pleaded guilty.
After Denny had entered his plea
the case of Jerry J. Hajinigan. a for
mer member of the Assem
bly, indicted for a similar offense, was
tailed. . After some parleying Han
nlgan pleaded guilty. His sentence
probably will be pronounced at the
eame time as Denny's.
Ttvo Former Members of SL Louis'
Municipal Assembly Admit
Their Guilt.
HOODLERS PLLAD GCILTY
TO A BKlBEIir CHARGE
A $4 gold coin belonging to Dr."
Charles J. Lange is- on exhibition n at
the Germania National Bank in Mil
waukee. The piece of gold is thinner
than a 55 coin, but of the same diam
eter. It displays on the obverse side
the "Liberty head" without a cap and
the thirteen stars, interspersed .with
"6G3S7C7 gr^ims." On the reverseside
Is a five-pointed star with this Inscrip
tion:,"One Stella— 400 cents." "E pluri
bus unum. Deo est gloria," and on the
rim/ "United States of America, 4 Dol.V
The coin Is valued at WOO.—New York
Tribune.
A Carious Old Coin.
MOBILE. Ala., \ July ; 11.— Charles
McLean, Mayor of Mobile, is dead.
Friday is regarded universally •»« an
unlucky* day for • business ventures.
William H. Crane will not even buy a
drink on Friday.
.Not to be mentioned in the newspa
pers is an evil omen any day of the
week; and the hotel man who assigns
to an actor a room with a broken mir
ror loses a customer. — Puck.
Oscar Hamrnersteln is a hard-headed
man of dramatic affairs, yet he always
has a sense of impending disaster
when there are thirteen people in the
audience. «
Although Josenh Murphy doesn't
care any more for a nickel than a far
mer does for a yoke of steers, he con
siders it unlucky to fall asleep in a cab
and lose his valuables.
The theatrical profession as a whole
is* probably not more superstitious than
other classes of, men, but there are cer
tain credulous notions which actors
and managers collectively share or
confess to as individuals.
For example, Nat Goodwin considers
it a bad sign to lose more than $15,000
at faro, especially if he has to sign
I. O. U.'s.
• Certain parts of the stage are held to
be unlucky by all actors. The center
is not one of these. An actor's idea of
hades is a revolving stage on which/
there is no center. ,
Actor's Superstitions.
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— Wyoming day
was celebrated to-day at the World's
Fair. There was a parade from Min
ing Gulch to the Hall , of 'Congresses,
where' the formal programme was car
ried out. '
Wyoming "Day at' Fair.
William Harris, the Boston theatri
cal manager, while eminent in his
way, Is not an authority on history,
especially colonial history, as will ap
pear hereafter:
It will be remembered that Clyde
Fitch's play, "Major Andre," which
was" produced in New York last fall,
was anything but a glittering success.
In point of fact, it ran just two weeks.
Some time after Mr. Harris came to
New York and called on Frank McKee,
who produced the play. In discussing
the melancholy fate of the drama, Mr.
Harris exDressed the belief that Mr.
McKee' should have .known that ! it
wouldn't, succeed.
"Those' spy plays never do go with
the public," he exclaimed emphati
cally, v
"Well,", demanded Mr. McKee, "why
on earth didn't you tell me it wouldn't
go? You'd have saved me a good deal
of money."
"How on earth was I to know it was
a spy play?" demanded the~Bostonian,
indignantly. — New York Times.
Weak on History.
i=T. LOUIS, July 11. —The body of a
fashionably dressed woman was found
In a room of the Hotel Milton to-day,
where she registered July 7 as "Mrs!
M. Smith of New York." Two empty
bottles were found by the side of the
bed. One contained some drug that
has not yet been identified and the
other alcohol. From statements made
by Rev. Allan F. Smith, rector of
Christ's Church Cathedral, to whom
the woman Is said to have confided
to some extent, her correct name Is
Mrs. M. K. Daniels. The woman told
Rev. Mr. Smith that her mother's
name is Mrs. l&rtha Wiggins and that
Fhe lives -+n Washington, D. C. She
refused to give her reasons for using
p.n assumed name.
MYSTERIOUS WOMAX FOUXD
DEAD IV ST. LOUIS HOTEL
Registers as 3Irs». Smith After Giving
Name of Daniels to Rector of
Christ Church.
England.
CLEVELAND, O., July 11.— Judge J.
M. Jones, a brother of ex-Senator John
P. . Jones, of Nevada, died to-day of
Bright's disease.aged 77 years. Judge
Jones returned Saturday from New
York, where he had undergone a surgi
cal operation. He was a native of
Ohio Jurist Passes Away.
STOCKTON, July 11.— The suit of
Bertha Freshman to ! have an alleged
will of the late Ross C. Sargent admit
ted to probate was thrown out of court
to-day, as the plaintiff failed to show
that the proper notices had been mailed
to the administrators of the estate.
The deceased left almost a million dol
lars and this is the second effort of
Bertha Freshman to get a portion of
the estate!
Bertha Freshman Again Fails.
BAKERSFIELD, July 11.— A number
of laboring men of the city met to-night
to form a labor party In Kern County.
It is stated that the membership of the
party will be in no sense confined to
union men, all laboring people being
asked to join.
The leaders declare that they have
not determined upon either putting up
candidates of their own or indorsing
those of either of the other parties.
Labor Party in Kern County.
LOS ANGELES, July 11.— H. T.
Hays, former cashier of the Orange
Growers' National Bank of Riverside,
who is already under bond of $30,000
to appear for trial for violating the
national banking law in several dif
ferent Instances, was to-day arrested
again by the Federal officers on . a
charge of falsifying a report on the
assets of his bank to the comptroller
of the currency at Washington. Hays
Immediately furnished bond in the sum
of $5000 and was once more released.
Hays Is Rcarrestcd.
So far as can be learned the scheme
provides for an Increase in capital
stock of the National Company for the
purposes of absorption. The present
total capitalization of the National
Lead Company is $30,000,000. The
United Lead Company has not distrib
uted any stock, although its capital
is 515.000,000. with a bond issue of
W.S00.O0Q.
The agreement reached to-day will
be subjert to ratification by directors
find stockholders of the companies, but
it is understood that dominant inter
esta in both properties have signified
their approval of the preliminary
agreement s- i-
N'EW YORK. July 11.— The pro
tracted negotiations for a merger of
the National Lead Company and the
United Lead Company have been suc
cessfully concluded, according to state-
Ttents in official quarters to-day. The
firmer company will absorb the lat
ter.
National Concern Will Increase Its
Capital Stock ami Absorb
the United.
MURGEK OF TWO LEAD
COMPANIES ARRANGED
SAN DIEGO, July 11. — Details of a
murder at Imperial have reached here.
The killing occurred on Sunday after
noon at a disorderly camp about a half
mile from the town of Imperial, in a
northeasterly direction, and that in a
row probably brought on by too much
drink William H. Hays, a barber, was
fatally stabbed In the abdomen by Bee
Dees, a laborer in one of the construc
tion camps of the Imperial Company.
Drunken Row in a Camp Near Im
perial, San Diego County, Ends
in a Murder.
BARBER IS KILLED
BY A KNIFE THRUST
Frederick D. Huntington, since, the
death of Bishop Thomas March Clarke
of Rhode Island, was the last , of the
old -line of Bishops in the Episcopal
church of this country. All his life if
was his habit to rise at 6 o'clock in
the morning and labor until 10 at night.
He was born at the old homestead in
Hadley of old Connecticut stock, being
the eleventh child of a large family.
He entered Amherst in 1835 and was
graduated . four years later. He was
valedictorian of his class. Then he
spent two years at the Divinity School
In Cambridge and later became pastor
of the South Congregational Unitarian
Church in Boston, where he attained
his reputation as a preacher. Subse
quently he accepted the Plummer pro
fessorship of morals at Harvard, when
Longfellow and Lowell were leading
lights.
It was at a special convention held
In Syracuse in 1869 that Dr. Hunting
ton'was elected first Bishop of the dio
cese of Central New York.
Apart from his clerical Work, Bishop
Huntington was known for his Inter
est in public affairs, his labors in be
half of the working classes, his care
of the Indians in his Jurisdiction and
hisvwar on the Oneida community and
his many, charities.
SAN JOSE, July 11. — At the Coun
cil meeting this afternoo% Mayor
Worswick announced a number of ap
pointments. Joseph Hall, who haa
been a member of the Board of Edu
cation, is made a member of the Police
and Fire Commission, taking the place
of W. T. Aggeler, whose term-expired.
H. F. Emlay is appointed to the
Board of Education in Hall's place
and Byron Millard is appointed to the
same board in place of Dr. C. H. "Wal
ter, whose term expired. Emlay is
ticket and passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Railway and Millard
Is a member of Millard Bros., book
dealers and stationers.
San Jose's Executive JIakes Appoint
ments to the Education and
Police Boards.
MUNICIPAL PLACES ARE
AXXOUXCED BY MAYOR
HANOVER. N. H.. July 11.— Right
Rev. Frederick D. Huntington, Bishop
of the Episcopal diocese of Central
New York, died to-day at Hadley,
Mass., aged S5. years. . ~. .
Dr. George P. Huntington, professor
of Hebrew at Dartmouth College, ¦ and
son of Bishop Huntington,' died here
to-night of slow fever. *
Special Dlspateh to The Call.
NOTED BISHOP
AND SON DIE
ON SAME DAY
STOCKTON, July 11.— John Mohr of
Bethany is exhibiting a sarn>rte of bar
ley from a field of forty-five acres
which he rolled when the barley was
in the milk. From the forty-five acres
he harvested 1000 sacks. The grain is
plump and sound and will go from 107
to 109 pounds per sack, where barley
ordinarily runs under 100 pounds to the
sack. Many of Mohr's neighbors shook
their heads when they observed him
mashing down his field of barley,
standing four feet high, with a big
wooden roller four feet in diameter. In
the corners of the field that he could
not reach with the roller the barley
was nearly all shelled out, whereas of
the rolled grain he saved it all.
San Joaqtiln Barley Rolled While in
•~ the Milk Makes a" Phenomenal
Yield.
ONE THOUSAND SACKS
FROM. FORTY-FIVE ACRES
Highwaymen Unintentionally Reveal
Plans and Railroad Men Are
Now Prepared.
PORTLAND. Ore.. July 11.— A plot to
rob the Northern Pacific train between
Puget Sound and Portland was over
heard by the proprietor of a First-
Ftreet saloon a few days ago and as
a result guards have been riding on
every train in anticipation of trouble.
Th<^sc guards are heavily armed and
have orders to shoot at the first at
tempt to stop the train.
Two men were heard discussing the
robbery plot in the rear of a saloon.
Th?y thought themselves safe, but, un
aware cf the arrangement of the rooms,
Fpoke so loudly that the owner heard
the greater part of their conversation.
He immediately told his story to Offi
cers Conners and Heininger, who no
tified the Northern Pacific officials. The
matter has been kept very quiet by the
railway people and police, but has at
last b<*en confirmed. The saloon man,
whose name the police are keeping se
cret, does not believe the robbers ever
knew for a moment that their words
had been overheard.
I 'LOT TO ROB TRAIN
OVERHEARD IN SALOON
SACRAMENTO. July 11.— While ha
was lying asleep In his room in the
Roma Hotel, at the corner of Second
and J streets, James Devechti, an Ital
ian, was this morning shot and per
haps fatally wounded by Marico Mari
otti, a countryman, whom he had •be
friended. The crime was one of the
most cold-blooded, in the history of
the county.
Mariotti had become jealous because
he once saw Davechti in company
with his wife and, although he always
claimed to be Davechti"s best friend,
he entered his room this morning
armed with a revolver and without a
word of warning, while Davechti was
asleep, put a revolver to his body and
fired three shots In quick succession.
Commit a Cold-Blooded
Crime.
SHOOTS DEST FRIEND
WHILE HE SLEEPS
Insane Jealousy Impels an Italian to
Some years back the Ministry real
ized what a magnificent port and naval
station France possessed in vizerta.
and they started to make the most of
it. Big credits were voted and there
was every prospect of Bizerta becom
ing the finest naval station in the Medi
terranean, but sudden changes in the
Ministry bring about different Ideas.
Works commenced at Bizerta are al
lowed to drag instead of being pushed
to completion with the least possible
delay, whioh Is, after all, the true econ
omy; nothing is done to press that all
important question for a naval port —
coal stocks; but, on the contrary, no
Government support was accorded an
enterprising French company, encour
aged by the late Admiral Ponty and a
former Minister of Marine, which
opened a large coal depot and erected
important fuel works at very great ex
pense, finally producing a first-class
fuel, which fulfilled the exacting re
quirements of the French Government
arsenal authorities at Toulon.— -London
Globe. ':C^-
One of the chief reasons of the want
of success in French colonies Is no
doubt that the capitalists of the moth
er country will not Invest their money
in the colonies. Added to this, money
made in a colony is not spent there. To
begin with, the highly paid officials,
from the Governor General down, all
seem to economize, the utmost possible
for eleven months in the year in order
to pass one month every year in the
mother country, where they leave their
economies, to the detriment of the col
ony. Still In this instance the mother
country is not an actual loser.
Turning to the European working
class In Tunisia, the best part of which
is Italian and Sicilian, these people live
very economically and send all their
spare cash home. i. e.. to Italy or Sicily.
Take, for Instance, the Italian mason,
who may earn 3*£ francs a day. He
nourishes bodily on macaroni and the
like at' a ccst of half a franc a day,
putting by the 3 francs profit on hi3
day's work to send home to his father
land from time to time. The French la
boring classes are not sufficiently en
couraged. The employers of labor en
gage the cheapest obtainable, regard
less that a good French workman will
do 50 per cent more work than an
Italian or Sicilian for his 25 per cent
more wages.
Then we come to the administrative
or governing departments.. There are
numberless .administrations. Without
doubt they 'do give no end of work in
making commerce as difficult as pos
sible with their restrictions and for
malities In the way of all new enter
prise. The mistake is made by subsi
dizing such big undertakings as - rail
ways, mailboat service, etc., by guaran
teeing their profits at a certain figure."
The result is that these subsidized un
dertakings realize that the more they
gain the less subsidy they receive, and
consequently they are content to do
just what they have undertaken to do
for the subsidy, and give themselves
the least possible "ennui" without con
sideration for the commercial interest
of the colony.
With an Explnnaton of the Present
Commercial Depression in
. Tunis.
WHY FRENCH COLONIES
HAVE PROVED FAILURES
TOLEDO, Ohio. July 11.— The physi
cians have notified Mayor Jones' fam
ily, that nothing more can be done.
His pulse is 1G4, temperature 104,
respiration 50. The family has been
told that all there is to do is to wait
for final dissolution. He has been un
conscious over forty hours. Nothing
but his miraculous vitality and energy
have kept life in his body for the past
twenty-four hours. He may continue
thus for two or three hours yet, he
may die within a few minutes.
Special Dispatch to The Call. /
Mayor Jones-of- Toledo Given
Up by Attending
Physicians.
MA YOU SAMUEL M. JONES OP
TOLEDO. WHOSE DEATH IS A
QUESTION' OF HOURS.
Crescio. who is believed to be men
tally unbalanced, was until this morn
ing employed by his brother, John
Crescio, who has a fruit store a few
doors from the house of Cuneo Broth
ers. J. C. Crescio, another brother of
Caneo's assailant, married a sister of
(,'ur.eo and after living with her for a
few years is said to have deserted her.
It is (faid that this, together with the
keen business rivalry existing between
his brother and Cuneo Brothers, was
sufficient cause in the man's disordered
brain for him to attempt to take Cu
neo's life.
CHICAGO. July ll— Shot down to
day by one of his own countrymen who
had crept up behind him. Andrew Cu
rieo, a member of the firm of Cuneo
Brothers, fruit dealers, and said to be
the richest Italian in Chicago, is dying
in a hospital. His assailant, Anthony
Crescio, is under arrest. There was
rome talk of lynching, but a riot c^|l
brought the police. For a time the po
lice were unable to take Crescio away
from the Italians who had seized him.
but after a hard fight in which clubs
were used, Crescio was landed in jail.
The shooting occurred in front of Cu
neo's store, in South Water street,
where Cuneo was busy receiving fruit.
Crescio crept up behind the merchant
and shot him twice before a dozen by
«tanders could interfere. One bullet
took effect in the left temple of Cuneo,
while the second penetrated the head
near the base of the brain.
planation of Wiggins. He. admitted i
having told Reeves to ignore the re- i
quest and said he would explain the
matter before a meeting of the county j
representatives. The latter met and
Commissioner Wiggins told them he
had asked Reeves to turn down the
request on the ground that it would j
be irregular for county representatives j
to enter the parade. He admitted that !
he should have consulted with the j
County Commissioners as a matter of I
courtesy before doing so. He said fur-i
ther that he wanted to take all the ;
blame on himself, as he had acted |
independent of Filcher and the latter j
knew nothing of the affair. ;
There was considerable heated talk
and Webb N. Pearce of Alameda in
troduced a resolution that the meeting
thank Commissioner Wiggins for his \
explanation. Frank Kimball of San I
Diego moved, as an amendment, that
the county organization accept Wig
gins' statement in good faith. The
amendment was adopted.
Governor Pardee tried to prevent any
final clash, but failed.
Secretary Willis left for New York
to-day. i; ~\ -. :<_
MRS. MYERS ARRAIGNED
OX A MURDER CHARGE
Alleged Accomplice Who Confessed
Attempts to Hans Himself in
Prison.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 11.— Mrs.'
Aggie Myers was arraigned here to
day, charged with the murder of her
husband, Clarence Myers, a pressman,
who was stabbed to death in a mid
night Etruggle at his home here last
May. She pleaded not guilty and was
remanded to jail to await trial.
Frank Holtman, who was arrested
at Walla Walla, Wash., recently on a
charge of complicity in the murder and
who is alleged to have confessed, Im
plicating Mrs. Myers, is now being
brought to Kansas City in charge of
an officer.
DENVER. Colo., July .11.— Detective
W. D. Oldham of Kansas City has ar
rived here with Frank Holtman, whom
he captured at Walla Walla, Wash.,
and who is alleged to have made a
statement implicating, Mrs. Aggie
Myers In the murder of her husband,
Clarence Myers. Chief of Police John
Hayes and Sheriff Caldon of Kansas
City met the detective here. Holtman
was locked up in a dark cell in the
City -Jail.
Holtman made an effort to commit
suicide in his cell to-day. He tore a
blanket Into strips and knotted them
together. He then attached one end
to the ceiling and was tying the other
end around his neck when discovered
by the Jailer. Holtman was taken
aboard a train this afternoon In charge
of Kansas City officers who will take
him to the latter city.-
FOUR MIXERS KILLED
BY POISONED FOOD
Potion Prepared From South Ameri
can Plant Causes Terror in
Idaho Camp.
RESORT, Idaho, July It— Four min
ers are dead In Laron's camp as the re
sult of eating the camp food, Into which
a poison prepared from a South Ameri
can plant had been placed. The men
sickened one after another and died In
terrible agony, from which there was
not the slightest relief. The mysterious
malady has started a stampede from
the camp. "
To-day Andrew C. Larsen, the sec
ond man to die, was burled. The others
who died are L. C. Driggs and his son
Charles and W. Sljysers.
H. Mason was stricken with the dis
ease, but was removed to the hot
springs in time to. save his life, though
I he suffered great pain.
New Cannery; in Visalla Opens.
; VISALIA, July ll.-The Visal*i Can
nery opened for business to-day. War
ren G. Nash of San Francisco is man
ager. One hundred men N are employed
now and from 300 to 500 will' be em-
. ployed as soon as the season ' opens.
This is the second cannery now in op
eration in this city. The fruit crop this
year will be enormous
More Than 5000 Types of Busy
Workers Thought to Exist in
Xorth America.
Some people think that there are only
two or three kinds of bees — the honey
bee, the bumble bee and possibly one
kind of smaller wild bee. So far is this
from being true that no less than 1878
different species of wild bees have been
described from North America, that is,
including all of the country north of
•Panama, up to the present day. When
we come to study the habits and struc
ture of all these bees, says the Colo
rado College Museum Bulletin, it is
possible to understand why they are so 4
numerous in kinds. The pollen of flow
ers has to be carried principally by in
sects; that of one flower ta other flow
ers of the same sort, in order to bring
about the fertilization and production
of seed. Of all the insect carriers the j
bees are the most important. They \
visit the flowers for nectar and pollen,
to store up in nests for their young,
and when so^doing they carry the dust
like pollen from flower to flower, leav
ing a little of that previously gathered
each time they alight on a blossom, j
Now suppose that all bees visited in- j
discriminately every sort of flower, it
would continually happen that the
pollen of one species of plant would be
left on the flower of quite a different
species, where it would be altogether
useless. It Is desirable, therefore, that
each kind of bee should visit one par
ticular kind of plant, or at any rate
should prefer certain kinds. This we/
find to be more or less the case, and
there are many bees that never visit
more than one sort of flower. The num- \
ber of different kinds of flowers is very i
great, and consequently it is not sur- j
prising to find that there are many I
sorts of bees. Described North Amer
ican bees are so numerous, it Is prac
tically certain that we do not know
harf of those existing. Indeed, it is not
Impossible that the North American
continent, with the West Indies, pos
sesses as many as 5000 species. Thus
the opportunity for the student of
th^e insects is very great. He is ab
soluSely certain to find in almost any
part of the country species wholly new
to science during his first season's col
lecting. In Colorado I am sure that al
most any spring and summer day de
voted to the search would yield new
kinds. In New Mexico, up to to-day. '
508 species have been found, and of
these I have been able to describe 315;
as new. — Exchange.
The Thread Tooth.
"I'll never be able to do much for
you," said the dentist, "till you quit
biting your thread."
"Dear me," said the woman, "that
reminds me of the days when grand
mother threatened me with a whip
ping If I didn't quit biting my finger
nails." y
"One habit Is just as reprehensible
as the other," said the dentist. ' "You
ought to be able to see your" own
teeth, then you would realize that you
deserve a good scolding. ¦ The edges
are as uneven as a saw. Now if you
were a profesional dressmaker or a
factory hand you would know better
than to bite your thread.'. They sel
dom do it. They have learned the art
of snipping it off with the scissors
without loss" of time and don't have to
malreat their teeth. It Is you women
wh.o do a good deal of sewing in a
non-professional capacity that think
the quickest way to break thread is to
bite It. That may be good for the
progress of the work, but lt^s bad for
the teeth.
Fortunately, you can't bite with the
whole mouthful at one time,, so most
of them escape. Those that really do
the work are ; the incisors r on either
side. They are in a terribly -bad fix.
The enamel Is worn off, the ridges and
corrugations are an eighth of an inch
deep, and — " - ¦ ....
"Oh, don't tell me anything more!"
cried the woman. "You frighten me.
Just fix up my shattered teeth the bes*t
you know how and I promise never to
bite another thread." — New ; York
Press. i
¦ ? ¦ — ;
Good nature is stronger, than, toma
hawks.—Emerson. .
MAXY SPECIES OP BEES
FOUND IX UNITED STATES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, July 11. — The County
Commissioners from California and the
State Commissioners, who have not
been on the best of terms- with each
other almost since the opening of the
exhibition, had it out this afternoon
and, after a sensational scrimmage, a
better understanding than has hereto
fore existed was reached. It is be
lieved that harmony, or at least a state
of peace, has. been firmly established
for the rest of the fair.
To-day's battle came up on an inci
dent that , it had been supposed was
closed. The County Commissioners,
before the opening of the fair,, re
quested the State commission to apply
for permission for them to ride in the
opening day parade, as a matter of
courtesy. California being the only
State represented by counties. Com
migsioners Wiggins and Filcher agreed
to make the application and later in
formed the County Commissioners
that their request had been turned
down.
It was learned later that the turning
down had been done at the request of
the State commission. Charles M.
Reeves, director of State and Terri
torial exploration, signed a statement
to this effect, which was kept on file by
the county organization. Various small
matters caused friction, and when Sec
retary Willis resigned the stories of his
alleged ill treatment created a senti
ment of sympathy for him among the
County Commissioners.
To-day it was stated to some of the
county men that Commissioner Wig
gins had deliberately telephoned to
Reeves, telling him to Ignore the re
quest that the county men be allowed
to enter the parade. One of the Coun
ty Commissioners demanded a final ex-
STOCKTON, July 11.— A year ago E.
Constantincts was a dishwasher in tha
Tosemite HoteL Now he is trying to
spend an inheritance of $50,000. Last
week he. was a guest at the Yosemita
HoteL He had the best room in tha
house and "he made it a point to give
large orders to those who were his su
periors a year ago. He "gave orders
like a prince; he tipped like a king. His
wine bill was steep./ He went away
yesterday, no one knows where, but ho
left a wake of twenties. Constantincts
was. last July, a third-rate dishwasher
in the hotel. About the last of the
month he received through the Italian
Consul at San Francisco a letter calling
him home to Italy and accompanied by
a ticket for the voyage.
No more was heard of him until the
first of last week, when he fairly blew
into the hotel one evening and ordered
the best in the house. He was not rec
ognized until the next morning. Then
he went into the kitchen and an
nounced himself. Later it was learned
that Constantincts had fnherlted $30.
000 through the death of his uncle. He
had changed the money Into United
States coin and come here to have a
good time. He had $47,000 with him in
cash and certificates of deposit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The election took place two weeks
agq. The following day the President
announced in a proclamation that in
asmuch as there was no opposition to
himself ~or Corral, 'they vfere elected
by the people subject to the Board of
Electors, which met to-day. The elec
tors were named last week by the va
rious States and met to-day for the
purpose of announcing to the repub
lic and to the world that for six years
President Diaz would be President and
Ramon Corral Vice President. The
election was received with general sat
isfaction throughout the country.
The election is taken to mean that
Corral will in the near, future be the
President, for President Diaz is failing
rapidly'and is going to retire in reality,
though he will nominally be the Presi
dent. In doing this he will be relieved
of the arduous duties of office and
will at the same time satisfy the peo
ple, who love and honor him. It is
believed that Governor Miguel Ahu
mada of the State of Jalisco will be
elected as Corral's successor as Minis
ter of the Interior.
MEXICO CITY, July 11.— The formal
election for the President of the re
public took place to-day. The elec
tors met, transacted their business and
announced the election of Porflrio
Diaz as President and Ramon Corral
as Vice President.
SANTA CRUZ. July llf— Colonel
Powers, Major McKinley, • Captain
Crawford, Dr. Morrlsey and Lieutenant
Kelly have been here making the final
arrangements for the State Encamp
ment of the League of the Cross Ca
dets.
On Thursday the advance guard, un
der Lieutenant Thompson, will arrive.
"While here the officers were enter
tained by T. W. Kelly and J. J. Doran
at a dinner at the Casino Grill.
There will be tents for 500, as full
companies are to be here from San
Francisco, Oakland and Menlo Park.
The band will accompany them.
The regiment is to arrive on Satur
day evening at half-past six on a spe
cial train over the broad gauge. The
cadets are to embark at the Tented
City, where they are to be met' by the
Stdckton Boys' Band. '
Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan. the regi
mental chaplain, will be. here for the
entire week as spiritual director and
on both Sundays will celebrate a~ mili
tary mass at 9 o'clock, when the full
band will render music.
Many dignitaries of the church are to
be present, Including Archbishop Rior
dan, Archbishop Montgomery, Bishop
Conaty and many of the clergy. On
Monday evening in their honor a grand
reception is to be held at the Casino.
There are also to be dress parade
and drills and band concerts daily at
the drill grounds near the beach.
A feature during the week will be the
grand entertainment to be given at the
Casino for the benefit of the New San
ta Cruz fund. A minstrel show is to
form a part of the programme and the
St. Mary's Cathedral quartet will sing.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call,
Arvisu fell in his tracks and the
American started to run, but was over
hauled by Rafael Topez, a member of
the force, and Jose Garcia, who had
been attracted by the shooting. ' They
tried to Intercept the American, who
again brought his gun into play and
shot the second officer dead. Garcia
no longer showed a desire to Interfere
and allowed the American to escape.
Although. the clew has been followed
up, the officers have been unable to
locate the man who did the shooting.
It Is the general belief that when
halted by Arvisu he thought a high
wayman was trying to run a bluff and
he took extreme measures.
The man who did the shooting was
an American miner and the circum
stances go ta show that it was largely
an accident. Arvisu was patrolling the
streets of the Gulch *, at a late hour
when he came upon the American, who
was carrying a mysterious bundle. The
night captain suspected him ¦ and
halted him, asking him what the bundle
contained. He was told that it held
only some drills and mining tools;
but when, still suspicious, he ordered
the miner to turn them. over, the un
expected happened. The American
drew a gun and put a bullet through
the night captain before he could bring
his own gun into play.
CANANEA, Mex., July 11— Ronquilio
Gulch, where the Cananea smelters are
located, was the scene of a mysterious
killing. Sunday nisht, when Rafael Lo
pez, one of the Cananea police, was
shot dead and Ramon Arvisu, the
night captain, fatally wounded.
Special Disr atch to The Call
Man Who Gives Chase to
the Offender Gets a Bullet
and Falls Dead in Tracks
WouM-Be Slayer Is Roughly
Handled by Countrymen
Jlefore the Police Arrive
Advance Guard Soon Will Go
and League of Cross Band
Will Accompany the Party
Commissioner Admits That
He Turned Down Applica
tion of Associates to Parade
With Fortune of $50,000 He
Amuses Himself in Tipping
His Former Associates
Representatives of • States
Ratify the. Choice Made by
People. Two .Weeks Ago
VICTIM IS SHOT TWICE
EXPLANATIONS IN ORDER
FINE OUTING PROSPECT
CORRAL SECOND OFFICER
SPENDS FUNDS FREELY
ASSAILANT IS PURSUED
Mexican Policeman Halts an
American Miner at Night
and Receives Shot in Reply
Regimental Officers Com
plete Arrangements for
Santa Cruz Encampment
Aged President of Repub
lic Is Selected by Elec
tors, to Succeed Himself
Stockton Hotel Servant In
herits Money and Returns
in Role of Bon Yivant
Assassin Makes Cowardly
Attack on a Wealthy Pro
iluee Merchant of Chicago
State and County Eepre
sentatives at Fair Have
a Sensational Meeting
WIGGINS' ACT
CAUSES RUMPUS
TRIES TO KILL
FRUIT DEALER
MEXICANS HAVE
FAITH IN DIAZ
FINISH PLANS
FOR THE CADETS
SHOOTS DOWN
TWO OFFICERS
ONCE WAITER
NOW A GUEST
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALLyt TUESDAY, JULY; 12. 1004.
A WAITING
SUMMONS
OF DEATH
5
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
ONE OF DR. CUPID'S PRESCRIPTION
That Love sometimes enres disease is a
fact that has recently been called to the
attention of the public by a prominent
physician and college professor. In some
nervous diseases of women, such as hys-
teria, this physician gives instances where
women were pnt in a pleasant frame of
mind, were made Happy by falling in love,
and in consequence were cared of their
nenrotis troubles — the weak, nervous sys-
tem toned and stimulated by little Dc
Cupid — became strong and vigorous, al-
most without their knowledge. Many a
woman is nervous and irritable, feels drag-
ged down and worn out, for no reason that
she can think of. She may be ever so
much in love, bnt Dr. Cupid fails to cure
her. In ninety -nine per cent, of these
cases it is the womanly organism which
requires attention; the weak back, dizzy
spells and black circles about the eyes, are
only symptoms. Go to the source of the
trouble and correct the irregularities, the
drains on the womanly system and the
other symptoms disappear. So sure of it
is the World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, proprietors of Dr. Pierce 's Favorite
Prescription, that they offer a $500 reward
for women who cannot be cured of leucor-
rhea, female weakness, prolapsus, or fall-
ing of the womb. All they ask is a fair
and reasonable trial of their means of cure.
Dr. Pierce 's Pleasant Pellets clear the
complexion and sweeten the breath, they
' cleanse and regulate the stomach, liver and
¦ bowels and produce permanent benefit and
' do not re-act on the system. ' One is a
1 gentle laxative.
"The Common Sense iicdical Adviser"
is cent free, paper-bound, for 21 one-cent
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 31 stamps for cloth-botxsd copy.
Aidxcs3, World's Dispensary, Bnj&fo^y.Yji The iWomen of Berlin "have 'tired -..of
thfe - wheel and horseback riding, and
are now devoting themselves energet
ically, to athletic : exercises.
OAKLAND, July 11.— W.H. Weil
bye, commissioner from Alameda
County # to the St. Louis Exposition,
has returned from the. Missouri ; me
tropolis,, where he installed the local
exhibit. He will report to the Mer
chants' Exchange to-morrow night.
Fair Commissioner Returns.
OAKLAND, July 11.— Judgre W. E.
Greene, decided to-day that the heirs
of the late George Crawford Wilson
of Berkeley, who left ; an ' estate, :bf
about $150,000, must pay a' penalty
of 10 .per: cent on their inheritance
tax, which -amounts to about -'$7500.
With the 'penalty it will be about
$8200. The heirs joined with ; the
Campbell , estate in San Francisco' in
attempting to overthrow the law by
taking : a * caBe ; through 5 the Supreme
Court and defaulted in* the. payment 'of
their 'tax. ' r ~. "\ '* /
Must Pay Inheritance Tax.
OAKLAND, July 11.— The mem
bers of the Board of. Health will to
morrow, make an all day tour of in
spection of the water sheds of the
Cantra Costa Water Colnpany. The
trip will be made In carriages and
thirty miles of . ground will be' covered
by the party. The start is. to be made
from ; the healths office at V 6^ in the
morning. In the party will be Drs.
J. H. Todd, 8. H. Buteau, A. L. Cun
ningham, J. : T. Kitchings, Health Of
ficer von Adelung, City Chemist . • C. '. H.
Rowe, Sanitary^ Inspector^ ; F. . Gemmell
and Dairy Inspector R." A. Archibald.
To Inspect' Water Plant.
OAKLAND, July 11.— E. Barnett. a
money lender, was arrested to-day on
a chargo of unlawfully uprooting elm
trees that had been' planted in front of
his property at 407 Telegraph avenue
in harmony with a scheme of beauti
fying that' thoroughfare. Barnett
chopped down a tree several weeks
ago and was arrested on a charge of
malicious mischief. To-day the' com
plaint was that he had, violated a city
ordinance which prohibits the removal
of trees without, permission of the
Board of Public Works^ Barnett
claims the trees are injurious to hla
property.
Tree Destroyer Arrested.
OAKLAND, July 11.— -Charles Don
aldson, the Green Lake, Wash., house
painter, who was arrested in this city
with Louise Hubert, 16 years old, has
been charged with abduction. Sheriff
Ed Cudihee of Seattle has' telegraphed
to hold Donaldson, whom he will take
back to Washington on requisition pa
pers. ' •
Sheriff Wants Donnldson.
OAKLAND, July 11.— L. R. Emery
of .516 Eighteenth street, for whom
the police have been searching .since
last Wednesday, when he tried to
choke his daughter,. made another vi
cious attack oh the: young woman in
the Advent Christian Church on
Twenty-third street, where she was
attending, services last evening. The
father, who, has been an inmate N of
insane asylums, entered .the church
and went - directly to. his daughter's
pew. The assault threw the congrega
tion into an uproar, during . which
Emery made his escape.
Attacks Daughter Again.
OAKLAND, July 11.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Alfred D. Rich
ardson, 33, Watsonville, 'and Edna C.
Cutler. 29, Alameda; Maxine'O. Gail
lard, 22. and May Salveson, 17, both
of Oakland; Elmer W. Clark, 47, San
Luis Obispo, and. Sarah L. Shaw, 45,
Oakland; John U. Lungberg, 38, Beth
any and Teckla Torjusen, over 18, San
Francisco; Herman Kraemer, 30, and
Pearl Davles, 24, both of Selma; Ches
ter Kellogg, 34, and Laura E.'Stam
merjohann, 21, both of Oakland.- *
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, July 11.— J. H. Howard
was to-day found guilty of contempt'
of court in removing his Bon from this
city after Superior Judge W. E.
Greene had awarded the custody of
the boy to a relative. Howard was
sent to the County Jail for one day.
Found Guilty of Contrmi*.
OAKLAND, July 11.— Suit was
brought to-day by Lillian D. Kellogg,
who asks to be declared an heir to
the estate ) of Eliza D. Atwill, who left
property valued at $15,000. The con
testant Is a granddaughter of the de
cedent. In her will Eliza Atwill left
her estate to her three living daugh
ters, Sarah A. Keith, Mary J. Pinker
ton and Emeline A. Bloomer, but
made no mention of the granddaugh
ter, who claims a fourth share of the
estate. -. "k&u^ih &'¦¦ iV -f
Content Over Atwill Estate.
The board spent' considerable time
in examining bids submitted, for dif
ferent school sites to - be purchased
with money recently raised at the
school bond election. All of the bids
expected have not been received.
OAKLAND. July ll.-'-The Board of
Education at its meeting to-night
completed an estimated expense ac
count of the money it will need to run
the schools for the present fiscal year."
.The money needed for grammar,
evening and high "schools is'1379,789.
Of this amount $296,419 Is for the
common schools, $5445 for evening
schools, $7f>,34G for the high school
and $1579 for the.Chabot Observatory.
The estimates will be filed to-morrow
with the City Auditor.
Board of Kduoat Ion. Submits nn Item
ized List for the Present' Fiscal
Yenr.:;.%7-C W-.w "
ESTIMATFJ3 EXPENSES
OF SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
ALAMEDA, July 11. — \n accordance
with a stipulation in the franchise for
the north eide local line granted the
Southern Pacific Company by the City
Trustees six months ago the corpora
tion to-day began the work of remov
ing its track on Railroad avenue, be
tween FiTth and Eighth streets. The
company has agreed to put that por
tion of Railroad avenue from which
the track is to be taken Into first class
condition.
Removing Track From Avenue.
BERKELEY, July 11.— George
Schmidt, the postmaster of Berkeley,
is down on his luck in the Yosemite
Valley, where he is camping with his
family, and has been forced to send
home for money. The trip of the
Schmidts has been full of misfortune
and the climax to a series of troubles
came yesterday, when he lost $175 in
greenbacks from his pockets. No
amount of searching would reveal the
money and the party was forced to
leave it for some luckier persons to
find.
Postmaster Loses llis Money.
OAKLAND. July 11. — Louise Bl
Merrltt obtained a divorce to r day
from Frederick Merritt on the ground
of desertion. The suit was brought a
few days ago and referred to Court
Commissioner Crowell to take the evi
dence in the case. Judge Greene
signed the decree. Merritt is a nephew
of the late Dr. Samuel B. Merritt, who
left an estate of over $1,000,000.
Suit for divorce has been brought
by Laura I. Lawrence against George
E. Lawrence, a capitalist living- at
36^55 Piedmont/avenue. The wife
charges him with cruelty and intem
perance and has also secured a re
straining order from the court to keep
him from disposing of his property
valued at
Bessie M. .Howell has begun an ac
tion for divorcfc against Gardiner
Howell on the ground, of cruelty.
Divorce. Court Proceedings.
The coming big field exercises at
Camp Atascadero are monopolizing
practically all the attention of officers
in command of the different depart
ments located at army headquarters
and at the Presidio. The maneuvers
of the combined forces of , the United
States Government of this department
and the militia of the State in accord
ance with the plans mapped out by
General Mac Arthur are to be of a
dignified character.
The exercises are in no way to smack
of a picnic party. Absolutely no con
cessions are to be granted to any one
desiring to locate upon the . scene of
action to sell wares of any kind. Ap
plication after application has been
showered on General MacArthur for
such privileges, but in every instance
they have been denied. To eliminate
any possible of such a con
tingent a picket guard will be estab
lished around the camp.
The Government has empowered Gen
eral MacArthur to arrange for every
convenience that can be accorded to
officers and enlisted men in camp life,
regulars and militia to meet on an ac
tually equal footing.
. Every comfort will be extended to
the National Guard in accordance with
regulations of army life. The same
rations and commissary privileges that
the regulars enjoy will be extended to
the State militia.
The regulars are under orders to be
in camp by the night of August 8. So
soon as the State militia reports to the
camp, which will be on ot about Aug
ust 13, their standing will be the same,
with reference to duty and all features
of camp life, as , that of the regular
troops. The duties will not be ardu
ous, being confined to the general de
tail of camp life.
During: the two weeks' encampment
there will be a number of brattle ex
ercises, but these will not be intended
as a showcard of the encampment. The
idea of this big rendezvous is to give
the soldiers of the State^ a genuine
idea of army life, and. to bring both
forces into close and friendly com
munion.
Thii great body of soldiers, number
ing about 6000, will be divided into two
brigades. , The first brigade -will be
commanded by Colonel Alfred ' v;
Markley of the Thirteenth Infantry. It
will consist of the First Provisional
Regiment, under command of Colonel
William L. Pitcher. This regiment will
be composed of companies from the
Regulars and State Militia
Will Meet on Same Foot
ing at Camp Atascadero
Tenth, Thirteenth and Twenty-eighth
Infantry, being twelve companies all
told, together with the band of the
Thirteenth Infantry and Hospital
Corpo. the Second California Infantry
consisting of nine companies, band and
Hospital Corps, the First California
Infantry, consisting of eight companies,
band and Hospital Corps, and the Fifth
California Infantry consisting of nine
companies, band and Hospital Corps.
The second brigade will be under
command of Colonel Henry C. Ward
of the Fifteenth Infantry. This will
include the entire regiment of the
Fifteenth Infantry, band and Hospital
Corps, the Sixth California Infantry of
nine companies, band and Hospital
Corps, the Seventh California Infantry
of eleven companies, band and Hos
pital Corps, and the First Battalion of
thf California Artillery acting as in
fantry, being four companies, band
and Hospital Corps.
Leave of absence for twenty-one days
from July 9 has been granted to Lieu
tenant John Randolph ot the Tenth
Infantry-
The transport Logan will sail from
here August 1, taking a large number
of casuals, but no special organizations
of troops.
The transport Sheridan will sail July
15 ffom Manila for this port. ¦
BERKELEY, July 11.— A brace of
footpads held up B. A. Algo, a work
man at the Judson Iron Works, while
he was walking along the railroad
tracks toward his home In West
Berkeley on , Saturday night and
robbed him of $9 50, all the money
he had in his pockets. The men Bud
denly pounced upon Algo and put re
volvers under his nose and caused him
to obey precipitately the command to
throw Up his hands. After being re
leased Algo went to the saloon owned
by Robert Bucher at Fourth and Har
rison streets and borrowed a pistol so
that he could protect himself. He was
so much frightened that he forgot to
get a description df the highwaymen.
Footpads Take Worknian's Money.
OAKLAND. July 11. — The self
etyled Prince Iiamina Aramancha
Bengh, incarcerated in the County Jail
here on a charge of grand -larceny, is
becoming worried at the non-appear
ance of friends with money for his
bail. He assigned all his valuable
rugs and furnishings of his rooms to
certain persons in order that they
might raise $500 for his bail and he
has not heard from them. The police
received an anonymous postal card to
day stating that the Prince was not a
Hindoo at all. but a negro and had
been raised in San Francisco and ed
ucated at the Washington Grammar
Bchool. The prisoner denies this and
laughs at such a statement He says
he first came to California with the
Christian Endeavorers in 1897* and re
mained in the State for a couple of
years.
Hindoo Is Worried.
Grand Army Veteran Dies.
SAN JOSE. July 11. — Albert Wink
elman. Grand Army veteran, was
found dead to-day In his cabin at the
corner of Spencer and Park avenues.
He had been five days. Death
was probably due to heart disease. He
was employed aa a gardener by C. T.
Park, the banker.
"No graver mistake was ever made
than t J give universal suffrage to the
Hawaiian natives," said Professor
Moscf. "They were a more or less ig
norant people, having little: learning
and no knowledge at all of civilized
government. They had never had a po
litical training and could not be expect
ed to know the significance of the bal
lot. Totn'«* them with the ballot was
a* very Unwise thing from my point of
view. And I have no doubt that the
ruling classes in the islands have the
same view, for they know the condi
tions better.
"All the internal troubles of the Ha
waiian government are due to this mis
take. The native and his sympathizers
are in the majority, and the result is
that the representatives they, choose
are not of the best. .There is a bitter
antagonism between the two classes in
the islands.
"There is a sentiment in this country
at the present time that one man is as
uteful politically as another. That is
probably why the suffrage was given
to the Hawaiians. If this equality is
ever realized It will be the greatest
historical event from the beginning of
the world to the present time. It may
be realized some time, but it is too
early yet."
The enfranchisement of the natives of
Hawaii with the full rights of Buffrage
when the United States accepted the
islands as part ot the national territo
ry is regarded by Professor Bernard
Moses, professor of history at the Uni
versity of California and formerly a
Philippine Commissioner, as one of the
gravest oolitical mistakes this country
has ever committed. In a lecture before
his class to-day at the university Pro
fessor Moses criticized severely the
granting of the high privilege of suf
frage to a class of people who had no
conception of government in the sense
obtaining among the educated masses
of the United States.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 11.
The wounded boy was removed to the
County Hospital. Little hope is ex
pressed for his recovery.
So far as the children's parents could
learn, the older boy did not know that
the weapon was loaded. He and his
little brother had found the gun stand
ing behind a door. They carried the
weapon outside, and not until the ex
plosion occurred did either of the boys
realize what danger they were In. '
The father was attracted by the
sound of the gunshot and the scream
from the older boy as his brother s^nk
senseless and bleeding to the ground.
As quickly as possible a physician was
summoned. After the temporary dress
ing of the wounds was completed the
child was removed to the hospital.
Harry Regalia, 5 years old, was shot
to-day and one side of his face torn
away by a charge of buckshot fired
from a gun with which his brother,
Tony Regalia. 9. years old, waa playing.
The little victim's ear was shot off, one
eye mangled and the jaw was splin
tered. The accident occurred r.i the
boys' home at Pleasanton. Their
father, Anthony Regalia, is a dairy
man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 11. j
Professor Bernard Moses
Says Hawaiians Are Not
Fit to' lFoid 1 Suffrage
The play In it3 construction shows
the skill of the trained actor, while
the story itself, dealing with a love
Ftory of the Spanish war, but harking
back in the plot to the war of the re
bellion, is of unusual dramatic force
and action. Its leading situation is
one of the strongest in modern drama.
A soldier of the South, who is wound
ed in the head during the old war,
has lived only in the days of the early
'60's. is brought back to the present
day through the skill of a Northern
surgeon and prepares to lead a charge
of the American troops against the
Spaniards under his old battle flag,
believing himself back in the days
of Lookout Mountain. Mr. Collins, in
the character of the young surgeon,
made a marked hit. The piece prom
ises to win much credit for its Cal
ifornia author. "'-V •.
OAKLAND. July 11. — 'Hearts of
Tennessee." a romantic drama writ
ten by Ulric B. Collins, a Butte Coun
ty boy, who has won success in the
Kast as leading man in W. A. Brady's
enterprises, was presented at Ye Lib
erty Theater to-night for the first
time on any stage and made a decided
hit. Mr. Collins was for five years
leading man for Phoebe Davles and
succeeded Joe Grismer as Mr. Brady's
right hand man in his theatrical pro
ductions. But while his success as an
actor has been in the Eastern field it
has been his ambition to produce his
first drama in his own State and with
this in view his "Hearts of Tennes
see" was given by the Biahop Com
pany at Ye Liberty to-night.
of Tennessee." by ITirie B.
Collins, 'Milken a Hit at the
Liberty Theater.
DRAMA OF TWO WARS .
BY CALIFORNIA AUTHOR
Five- Year-Old Boy Probably
Fatally Wounded by Older
Brother While at Play
EQUALITY WILL
BE PASSWORD
OAKLAND, July 11. — The farmers
of Livermore Valley have formed a
corporation for the purpose of build-
Ing warehouses to store their own hay
and other products. This is an out
come of a move Inaugurated a short
time ago when a general agreement
was signed by a number of them to
hold their hay. until they received $12
a ton for it.
To-day articles of incorporation of
the Farmers', Warehouse Company -of
the Livermore Valley were filed with
the County Clerk. The capital- stock
of trje. corporation is $10,000 and is
divided into shares of $100 each. The
amount so far subscribed is $4000. The
directors are D. II. Tettes. H. M.
Christensen, C. H. Wente, T. F. Brady
and William Schluter.
4 j 5.
Will Hold Hay at $12 a Ton and Store
It Until They Get That
Figure.
FARMERS TO BUIIJ)
THEIR OWN* WAREHOUSES
BERKELEY, July 11.— A sequel to
the recent cutting of five elm trees
on Center street in violation of a town
ordinance was provided to-night when
a committee of the Town and Gown
Club furnished the Board of Trustees
with suggestions on the subject of tree
destruction in ii communication signed
by the president and members of. $he
civic section of the club. It was the
club that took up the cause of ahe
trees when they were cut two weeks
ago and threatened to prosecute the
destroyer, although things were after
ward smoothed over.
Now the Town and Gown women
want two things done to the ordinance
that regulates the cutting of. trees and
in seeking to have it amended they
believe they are going to conserve the
best interests of the town. 'First, they
want the ordinance amended so if any
body does want to cut o. tree down he
may <Jo so without going to jail for it.
The ordinance is now so framed that
it does'not allow any; exceptions. Sec
ond, they w.ant only the Board of
Trustees to issue permits to cut down
trees, "consent to be given only after
a careful investigation and vote of the
board. The request for these changes
Is signed by Mrs. J. C. Lynch, presi
dent of the club; Mrs. A. J. Ralston,
chairman of the civic section; Mrs.
Frank H. Payne, Mrs. K/ A. Eaaton
and Mrs. Allen G. Freeman. The
Trustees assigned the communication
to the City Attorney for action.
A«k Trustees to Amend Ordinance So
. as to Permit Cutting Under
Restrict Ions.
TOWN AXD GOWX WOMKX,
WANT TREES PROTECTED
M. M. Hage and Robert Hackett.
who wctp passing the Hoffman home,
rus-hed to the assistance of the little
girl and, securing a blanket from th »
house, smothered the flames. Dr. R. T.
Stratton was sent for ~at once, and h-?
found the child's injuries so serious
that ho ordered her removed to Provi
dence HoFi'Jtal.
Later the surgeons decided that skin
grafting would be necessary to save
her life, and then it was that her
brother came forward and offered his
own cuticle to cover the burns of his
sister. The youthful patients are both
doing well. The boy is very modest
and sees nothing heroic in his action.
He said to-day:
The cio<jior» safd that Alire would <ii#> if th»
burn* on Tier arm we not cevred with new
ekin, fo I loM thesn they could r.]v»r»te on me
if. It wduIJ save htr life. I went out to the
hospital la*t Tuewiay and they cut the sk'.n
from my legs. I did net b«? how much they
cut off. for 1 war under chloroform.
The places wher* the doctnrs out the t>kln
did net fc*=gin to hurt until after they brought
rr.e back home, but they are sere nor. 1 am
retting alone all right, though, and 1 «m not
i-orry that 1 gave uj> my *k!n to »ave Alice.
Am far as that goe?, there was nothing dse to
dO. V
Tho accident which .nearly cost Alice
Hoffman her l'.fe. and whkh incident
ally made her brother a h^ro, happened
about three weeks ago. The little girl
came home from school while all th-?
members of the family were absent
and in trying: to amuse h-.»rs°!f until
their return she bewail to curl her hair
in front of a mirror as fh" had ?e?n
her mother do. In order to heat the
curling irons she lighted two candles,
one of which upset and fell to the
floor. In picking up the candle the
child set her clothing on lire and -in
a moment Bhe was enveloped in flames.
She ran screaming to the front of the
house and fell exhausted on the porch.
George Hoffman, the 16-year-old son
of Louis Hoffman, a veteran member
of the Oakland Fire Department, vol
untarily sacrificed more than eighty
square inches of his own skin last
Tuesday in order to save the life of
his 6-year-old sister Alice. The girl
was severely burned three weeks ago
at the family home, 1213 Seventh street.
The Ramef. which nearly robbed the
little one of her life, destroyed all the
skin on her right arm and shoulder,
and it was to replace this that h^r
brother heroically submitted to the op
eration^ allowing the surgeons to strip
preat patches of cuticle from both his
thighs. His own suffering did not com
mence however, until after the op
eration, but now the great wounds on
his lower limbs are so painful that he
is forced to remain quiet mo~t of the
time, and when he docs move it is with
the aid of crutches.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, July 11.
WRONG TO LET
NATIVES VOTE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 11.
The matter of property • rights has
been satisfactorily settled between
Jack London, the author, and his wife,
who is suing him for divorce on the
ground of desertion. An order was
made by Judge Greene to-day vacating
an order made some time ago restrain
ing London from drawing any money
from publishers and employers upon
the statement of Mrs. London's attor
ney that the object of having the order
made has been attained.
So far London has made no appear
ance in the suit and the withdrawal of
the restraining order and the quick
compromise of all property rights is
taken as an indication that no contest
is to- be made in the case 'and that
London will allow his wife to secure
her decree without molestation. This
is as he wishes it, according to charges
made which state that he has request;
ed her to get the decree and give him
his liberty.
Mrs. London has alleged that the af
fections of her husband have been
alienated by Miss Strunsky .and. that
she once found Miss Strunsky seated
on her husband's knee, during the time
the latter was staying at the London
bungalow in Piedmont.
When the year was up from the date
upon which London and his wife sep
arated he wrote from Asia, it is as
serted by Mrs. London, and asked her
to give him his freedom. While she
had it in her hands tu give him his
liberty or not, he thought for their
mutual happiness this should be done,
tb.9 intimation being that he loved
another woman.
In conversation Dr. Ostwald said in
English that was more or less broken
that the trip across the sea and land
had cost him fourteen days of precious
time. The sights in America were a
revelation to him, this being his first
visit to the country. As to his studies
here Dr. Ostwald was not prepared
to say what course they would take
except that they would concern the
examination of heliotropism in animals,
which is one of the important ques
tions biological sience Is interested In.
Dr. Ostwald's father visited the uni
versity last year at i'\e request of Dr.
Loeb, his former pupil, and delivered
the address at the dedication of the
Loeb physiological laboratory,
Dr. Wolf v Ostwald, son of Professor
Wilhelm Ostwald, the world's great
est chemist, arrived from his home in
Germany to-day, prepared to begin a
course of study under Professor
Jacques Loeb, the great biologist. The
young man is a scientist ot consider
able note In his own country, and ,is
the master of a number of notable
achievements in biology, in which sub
ject he is greatly interested. In addi
tion to his researches he has been ac
tive in other pursuits, being a lieu
tenant in the German army and an
athlete of prominence. He Is a fine
type of German manhood, rather boy
ish looking and betraying no outward
appearance of lurking genius.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 11.
With that Police Judge George Sam
uels to-dav fined O. Babeno, a liquor
dealer at Third and Market streets,
$250 after his conviction on a charge of
selling liquors to five girls who were
less than sixteen years of age. '
"A saloon-keeper .. who allows boys
and girls in the back rooms of his
resort, as this man has done, cannot
be tolerated. No reputable saloon man
would for a moment permit such a
thing," declared his Honor. ¦
Babeno's conviction carries with-it,
under the city charter, a forfeiture of
his license to conduct business ' and
also his bond of $1000. ..The Police
Commissioners have ordered that the
Chief of Police proceed against the
man. The fl«e was paid.
"Your offense makes you a. menace
to society, and I purpose to punish you
severely, not only as a warning to
yourself, but to all saloon men who
might permit girls or boys to fre
quent their places of business."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 11.
SHOOTS CHILD
IN THE HEAD
Six youthful burglars awoke in cells
in the" City Prison this morning. They
were taken into, custody Jjy the police
during the night.
The lads range in age from 10 to 17.
George Ash, 10 years; Arthur Fred
erick, 13 years, and George Audet, 14,
were first made prisoners. They had
robbed a store on Jefferson street near
Fourth. Willie Jacobs,'. 17 years old;
George Mate, 15 years, and William
Davis, 16, were arrested during the
early morning hours with stolen goods
In their possession and could give no
satisfactory explanation.
About 9 o'clock last evening Ash,
Frederick . and Audet broke into the
store of Mrs. R. Appledorn and took a
quantity of sardines, oysters and to
bacco. The youngest of the trio was
the first to enter the place and told his
companions of the possibilities for a
feast. While all were enjoying an im
prom,ptu "spread," the police swooped
down and the juvenile thieves went to
the City Prison. This morning Ash, on
account of his tender years, was re-,
leased and sent home. The other boys
will be held to answer for their crime.
Police Sergeant Lynch came upon
the other trio at the corner of Six
teenth and Peralta streets about 3
o'clock in the morning. They had
three quart bottles of whisky, a new
alarm clock and a dozen handkerchiefs
in their, possession. As the lads will
offer no explanation, the detective de
partment is attempting to trace the
ownership of the stolen articles. ¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 11.
Colonel E. W. Maslin declared that
the adoption of -a freeholder charter
would prevent annexation. Others who
spoke were F. X. Delanoy, P. \V. Bar
ton and E. R. Anthony.
"Oakland wants us and will eventu
ally ?ret us if we do not fight this move
ment tooth and nail," said Charles S.
Neal. "I have not as much confidence
as to what the Legislature might do as
has Simrson. Unless we organize and
oppose annexation the time will come
when strangers will take our home city
from us."
Judge R. B. Tappan asserted that
Alam-'dans are proud of their city and
its government and did not feel that
their condition could in any. way be im
proved by joining Oakland.
"This is cur homp." said Judge Tap
pan, "and there is no place like home.*"
George Renner said he was against
annexation until it could be proven
lhat Alameda would derive some bene
fit by becoming a part of Oakland.
President George W. Scott of the
Advancement Association directed the
discussion and announced at the open
ing of the meeting that the board of
directors cf the organization were un
alterably opposed to the consolidation
of Alameda with any other municipal
ity.
City Attorney M. W. Simpson gave it
as his opinion that the adoption of a
freeholders' charter would not protect
Alamoda from being: swallowed up by
the larger city across the estuary, S/Ut
he said that he was not inclined to
think that the Legislature would pass
any enabling act that would permit
Oakland to annex Alameda without the
consent of the majority of voters of this
city.
ALAMEDA. July 11.— Consolidation
of this cit;- with Oakland and Berkeley
was discussed at a meeting: of the Ala
meda Advancement Association to
ni^ht, and at the conclusion of the
speaking a vote was taken, which
showed that the 200 persons in attend
ance were unanimously opposed to the
project.
Asks His Wife to Get a De
cree So That He May Be
Free to Marry Another
Impromptu Feast on Loot
Ends in Arrest of Three
and Ride in Patrol Wagon
Conviction Means Forfeitu re
of License According to
the Charter Provisions
Young Hero Modestly Ac
knowledges His Willing
ingness to Endure His Pain
He Is a Fine Type of Ger
man . ' Manhood, Athletic
and an Army Lieutenant
Eugene L. Brock (ainjrle) to Clifford N. and
Bertha H. Hand, lot on W line of Etna street.
1C0 N of Parker. X 40 by W 133. portion of lot
8, block 3. property of John Kearney, etc.,
Berkeley; $10.
A. A. Fink ( widower) to Luetla P*. Black
(wife of W. G.). lot 17. block 3. amended map
of Sea View Park Tract. Berkeley: $1O..
Hyacinth Gil to Margaret Gil (wife), lot on
E line of Peralta street. 104.20 N of West
Fourteenth. X 7S.15. E 94.09. 9 75. W UH.57.
Iot9 ¦'.'• to 25. block r»sl. map of Peralta. and
Or.tfr street lands. Oakland: also lot on N
line of Wf« Fourteenth street 83.25 E of
Center. E 25 by X 110. lot 4. block 582. map
of Baseball Grounds. Fourteenth and Center
streets, Oakland: also lot on S line of Four
teenth street. li>7.63 E of Center. E 50 by 8 111),
lots 12 and 13. block 579. same. Oakland; gift.'
Mary J. Manly (widow> to Etlsha C. Pertdlf
ton. let on SW line of East Nineteenth- atro^t.
150 SE of Fourth avenue. SE 25 by SW l.TO.
block 1CT, Clinton, warranty deed. East Oak
land; ?1«.
Frank H. Graham (single) to Louis D. Reeb.
lot on S corner of East Twelfth and Tenth ave
nut-s. SE 30 by SW O.S. block 36, Clinton, East
Oakland: *10. ...
Luther Hill (administrator estate of .Bessie
Wyilie) to Frank B. Cook, lot en 8 corner, of
Twenty-first street and Twenty-third avenue.
SB 1A0.SS. SW 34. NW to SE line of Tw«nt>
thir I avenue, NE to beginning. > portion lot 1.
block It. map subdlvfaion 50 Associates* Trait.
East Oakland: also lot on SB line of Twenty
third avenue at Intersection by line panUW
with and .14 feet SW lin«i of East Twenty
first street thence SE to point 10 feet NW.of
SE line of lota 1 and 2. SW 32:8. N"W to SB
line of Twenty-third avenue. NE to beginning,
portion lots 1 and 2, block H, aame map. Eaat
Oakland; $2400.
Feter and Amanda Sehrensen to Emit Isaac
son, lot on S line of Sherman street, 113.52
W of Twenty-fUth avenue. W 40.35. 8 02.23.
E 34. N 11';. !>::, lot 3. map Dow and Thomas
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary R. Conger (widow) to Kate E. Cbnger
(single) lot on X line of Clement avanue. AO
V of Mulberry street. W 30 by N 130. block
15. lands adjacent to Enctnal. Alameda: gift.
Sarah X. King (Fleming, wife of Marcus* to
William A. Ilermle, lot on E line of Tele
graph avenue, 130 N of Hawthorne street. N
CO by K 123. lot 11. map Buena Vista. Home
stead, except portion taken for widening Tele
graph avenue. Oakland; $10.
Max W. Koenlg to Jessie H. Ensign, lot 54
and 9 15 feet of lot 57. map American Invest
ment Union Tract No. 1. Oakland; -110.
Joshua R. Mead et al. to A. C. and Mary
Leffler. lot on N line of Mead avenue. itJO
V,' of San Pablo avenue. W 35 by X 123, por
tion lots 8 and 9. map Mead Park, Oakland.
|io.
Martin R. Kuhn (single) to Charles Sladky.
lot on S line of Moss avenue. 33.67 W nf
Gold street. W 8 by S lit. portion lots 1«:.
!"¦* and 103. amended map subdivision Moss
wood tract. Oakland; $10.
A. 1-. and Violet A. Kreiss to Louis P.
Reeb. lot on X line of Edwards street. 20O E
nf Telegraph avenue. E 50 by X 125. lot 3.
map Pacific Theological Seminary Tract. Oak
land; ?10.
George W. Austin (single) to Alfred C. Wal
ltser. lot on S line of Merrlmac atreet. 2fio W
of Telegraph avenue. W 40 by 8 60.66, lot '40.
map Austin Park. Oakland, subject to an
agreement of sale dated May 1, 190ft; flO.
C. E. and Lena A. Fzisble to Mrs. E. . L.
BiHIs (wife of J.), lot on S line of Eleventh
street, 123 W of Castro. W 23 by S 100. lot 12,
block US. Kellersberger's map. Oakland; flO.
Helen M. Hcgan to Mary A. Hogan. lot. on
N line of Seventh street, 73 W of Jackson, W
37:6 by X 100. lot 23 and B half of lot 24.
block Ml. same. Oakland; (5.
Caroline K. DavU (widow) to George E. Da
vis (son), lot on X line of Mattie avenue.
207.43 E of Park street. E 40 by N 120. lot
35. block C, Parsons Golden Gate Tract. Oak
land; gift.
Lottie A. Billis (single) to C. E. Frlsbee.
lot on K line of Market street 57.92 N of Mil
ton. N 28.96. K 111. S 23. W* lztt.t!3. b«tng 3
half of lot My Milton Tract, Oakland; $10.
Alameda Connty.
MONDAY, JULY "11.
llKAh ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
ENJOYS THE SIGHTS
YOUNGEST IS RELEASED
WANTS HIS LIBERTY
EIGHTY INCHES TAKEN
SELLS DRINKS TO GIRLS
Strong Protests Are Made
Regarding Proposed Unit
ing of the Bay Cities
XO USE FOE OAKLAND
Six Lads of Tender Years
Are Arrested and Lodged
in Jail for Two Crimes
Sixteen - Year - Old George
Hoffman Sacrifices Skin
to Cover Sister's Burns
Police Judge Samuels De
nounces Liquor Dealer as
a Menace to Society
Alameda. Advancement As
sociation Declares Against
the Plan of Annexation
Property Rights Between
Novelist and His Wife
Have All Been Adjusted
Young Scientist Crosses
Land and Sea to. Take Up
Studies With Dr. Loeb
HEAVILY FINES
SALOON-KEEPER
LONDON MAKES
A SETTLEMENT
POLICE CATCH
BOY BURGLARS
DO NOT WISH
TO BE JOINED
SUFFERS AGONY
TO SAVE CHILD
OSTWALD'S SON
COMES TO WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, TUESDAY; )ULY^2, ,1004.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
For Cramps, Diarrhoea or Bowel
Complaint there is no medicine will
afford relief quicker than the Bitters.
Take a dose at the first symptom and
avoid unnecessary suffering. If also
cures Nausea, Indigestion, Dyspepsia
end Malaria, Fever and Ague
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
OAKLAND.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVESTisT.Tirir.yTa>.
MODERN METHODS
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY.;.
Place our work on a plane much abova
the average. Nothing is done 00 chance.
Each operation is successful because
carefully considered and skillfully, car-
ried out.
TEETH
Made by us will last for many years.
Oold rillintrs. .SLOOBcrae mila* 50c
Silver rilling^... -50c Extraction Free.
post-graduateTental college
J; 3 TATLOS ST.. SAS TXAHCISCO.
973 Waibtagrtoa SU Oa*I*a*-
«» *»"• • • • " Sacnuaeato."¦¦ ¦ / .
FIJ»ES LOTTERY AGENT.— OAKLAND.
July 11. — Charley Fong. a Chinese lomry
agent, was fined *30O to-day by Police Judge
Qegrge Sapiuels for scllir. j lottery . tickets.
A happy heart is better than a full
purse. .- " • --
He who hath most heart knows most
of sorrow. * *
In Yosemite the grass is^ green. T>ird3
are singing and^ blossoms 5 border the
trails. Why not go to God's own coun
try for your vacation? Round trip J28.50.
via Santa Fe. and the grandest stage ride
in California. Ask at Xo. 641 Market
street. Santa Fe office. •
Tis Springtime ; In Yosemite.
The' operatives, of whom there are
more than 25,050 in the cloth mills, are
restless over the situation. They have
sustained a loss in waSes during the
spring and summer amounting to a re
duction of 40 per cenjc The textile
unions expect a revision in wages will
be made which will be. a reduction of
at least 10 per cent.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. July 11.— Most
of the Fall River cotton mills resumed
operations to-day^ after a ten-days'
shut-down. Many of the manufactur
ers are tiring of the curtailment policy
which has been in force here nearly
four month?, and as soon as a new
agreement, now being worked out, by
many members of the Fall River Man
ufacturers* Association, is formally as
sented to, it is expected the mills will
be more active.
Many Mill Owners of Fall River Re
open Their Works.
OPERATIONS RESUME.
'Senator Bard and Frank P. Flint will
be obliged to do likewise and from
their headquarters here the various
candidates will expect to cover all of
Southern California..
Bard made a* distinct gain to-day by
reason of-two announcements in his fa
vor. l The first was from Howard
Broughton, former Assemblyman from
the Pomona district,' now candidate for
the State Senate. The other was the
announcement of Richard Melrose of
Anaheim, who seeks to succeed State
Senator A. A. Caldwell. Melrose has
declared he will support Bard, no mat
ter who enters the race. There have
been no public announcements in favor
of the other candidates. -
of those who will be members of the
next session of the Legislature.
Henry T. Oxnard . will open head
quarters in this city to-morrow, a lo-,
cation for the purpose being selected
to-day. L. XV. Andrews, an attorney
formerly of Ventura, who has per
formed confidential service for Mr. Ox
nard several years, will be in charge.
He will be assisted by a staff of ste
nographers, clerks and other attaches.
Mr. Oxnard having decided to divide
his time the next few months between
Los Angeles and Ventura County, he
has deemed It advisable to secure
rooms where he may be found when he
Is in the city.
Dr. M. H. SchorO, Dertirt — Now located
tn Grant buIMins. 1095 Market it., cor. 7th. •
The figures of the Registrar show
twice the number of voters registered
this month over those of 1902; that is,
47,533 as against 20,434, at this time
two years ago. This is accounted for
by the fact that there was no primary
election held two years ago, just prior
to September. The total registration
in 1902 was 80,000.
The registration this year is 47,000
to date, leaving a balance of 32,500
voters to register before September
of this year to equal the registration
of two years ago.
The registration office will be open
evenings from 7:30 to 10 o'clock to
allow for the registration for the pri
maries, which take place July 20.
Number of Registrations Doubles That
of Two Years Ago.
REGISTRAR ISSUES FIGURES.
At a meeting of the Election Com
mission last night the following bids
were awarded for supplies for the
primary election to be held on August
9: Althof & Bahls, envelopes for re
turns. J63 10; Phillips, Smythe &
Van Orden. minting poll and tally
lifts. $322 41; John Kitchen Jr. Com
pany, printing official ballots, J173 50;
F. Marcus, for furnishing chairs,
lamps and curtains. 42 44 per booth;
F. A- Anderson, for ereCTlng; hauling,
storing and repairing booths, $12 90
for each booth. Final action on the
purchase of fifty voting machines was
deferred until Thursday, July 21.
Bids for Supplies Awarded.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 11.— An orderly
"mob" of about twenty-five reputable
citizens of North Topeka took a Union
Pacific work train this afternoon, went
four miles west of town and with picks
and shovels dug a ditch three feet wide
and seventv-flve f,eet long through the
railroad embankment. This was done
to allow the stored flood water to es
cape to the river instead of running
through the town. The members of the
"mob" then quietly returned to their
homes. Another expedition was made
in a similar manner against the Santa
Fe tracks east of town. A gang of sec
tion men were working there, but they
made no opposition to the tearing out
of- a section of the embankment.
The Santa Fe fast mail between Kan
sas City and Topeka was annulled this
morning on account of the soft tracks.
Otherwise that system has resumed
service on the main line and nearly all
its branches in Kansas.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Julv 11.—
Pearl Skeltos was brought to this city
to-day from Pueblo on a warrant
charging him with the murder of the
fourteen men who were killed by the
explosion at Independence Station
June 6. Skelton, . who left Cripple
Creek after the explosioq, was arrested
on a ranch near Rye Station. The
Sheriff said that Skelton had talked a
great deal about the explosion, but
he did not know what evidence had
been obtained to connect him with the
crime. Skelton protests his innocence
and says he will have no difficulty In
proving an alibi.
Upon complaint sworn out by S. H.
Phipps a direct information was filed
to-day in the District Court charging
Frank Cochran, secretary of the Vic
tor Miners' Union, Arthur Parker, Al
bert Carrington, Thomas McManus.
Richard James, John James, Edward
McKelvey and Alfred Miller with con
spiracy to kill Roscoe McGee, who was
shot and instantly killed in the Victor
street fight June 6. All of these men
are now In jail here.
The warrant for the arrest of Skel
ton was sworn out by Sheriff Bell, who
had received information that Skelton
had been boasting that he knew wh«
caused the explosion at Independence.
Skelton was a member of the Free
Coinage Miners' Union and has worked
in several mines in the district.
Animated caucuses were held all over
the block throughout the entire even
ing. The meeting will adjourn when
the building catches fire.
Just what party, if any, these "Na
tive Sons" will support they will not
state! But they emphatically denied
that they were Prohibitionists. There
are, about 700 in the organization.
Ng Chung had the floor for two hours
and a half. His subject was "The Full
Chow Basket." When he alluded to
that great patriot, Georgie Wah Sing
Ton, Who "no sabe talkee lie" a China
man in purple bloomers arose. "Me
saj?e Wah Sing Ton. He my cousin.
He live Oakland. He work in saloon.
He alle lime talkee lie."
An executive committee was ap
pointed, consisting of Lee Sing Sz, To
Chiu and Leung Chung. These names
are pronounced with three coughs and
a sneeze.
The object of the meeting to pro
vide so that the voting population of
Chinatown may get its rights on elec
tion day. No one in the assemblage
was certain as to what the rights in
question are, but from the "chin chin"
that is still disturbing Commercial
street it is thought that the Celestials
are going to get their rights or start
something.
Seung Kwai Pak opened the meeting
with a detailed lecture on marking a
ballot. Quite a sensation was caused
when he explained that this game dif
fered slightly from marking a lottery
ticket. One venerable Asiatic who has'
been waiting patiently since last elec
tion to get a line on the drawings of
the last ballot marking went home in
disgust.
Somewhat on the plan of the St.
Louis convention is the political meet
ing of the Chinese Native Sons that
started last night in the assembly hall
of the Six Companies. It will probably
last as long as the celebrated Chinese
play, "The Purple Nosed Dragon and
the Bow-Legged Daughter of the Son
of the Stars." The grandson of. the
leading man who began this famous
drama is only in the five hundred and
eighty-seventh act.
ST. LOUIS, 'July 11.— A terrific storm
of wind, rain and hail prevailed in St.
Louis and vicinity for a short time this
afternoon, causing considerable damaga
to property. One man waa killed by
lightning and five others were injured
by flying missiles. The maximum
reached by the wind was sixty-five
miles an hour, but this velocity was
sustained for onlv a minute or two. or
the damage might have been much
greater. The average velocity waa
about forty-eight miles an hour.
Twelve barges were blown across the
river and eighteen or twenty houses on
Twenty-first street, between Washing
ton and Carr streets, were completely
unroofed, and other damage was done
throughout the city. Some of the hail
sfones that fell during the storm meas
ured an inch in diameter.
LIXCOLX. Neb., July 11.— A tornado
last night destroyed several* barns and
outb^ldings near BurwelL The build
ings on Mr. Brittain's farm were re
duced to splinters. No lives were lost.
The list of injured is not obtainable.
Severe hailstorms ruined crops at
Greeley Center, near Ord. at Hastings
and at Arcadia.
Ditch Is Made to Enable
Water to Escape to River
Without Injuring City
Prisoner Protests His In
nocence and Claims That
He Can Prove an Alibi
Heavy Storm Does Great *
Damage to Property and
Shipping in Fair City
Will Probably Last as Long
as Celestial Plays That
Have No Concluding Act
MAKE COURSE TOR FLOOD
SAID TO HAVE BOASTED
HOUSES ABE UNROOFED
MEETING IS STILL ON
Member of Union Arrested
in Connection With Ex
plosion at Independence
Lightning Kills a 3Ian at
St. Louis and a High Wind
Brings Injuries to Others
Citizens of North Topeka
Cut Through Eailroad Em
bankment to Save Property
Difference Between Ballot"
Marking and Dotting a
Lottery Ticket Is Shown
BOLT FROM SKY
TAKES A LIFE
GRAVE CHARGE
AGAINST MINER
CHINESE TALK
ON POLITICS
KANSAS "MOB"
RELIEVES TOWN
OXNARD BEGIXS'WORK.
Southern Californian Opens Campaign
for Senatorial Honors.
LOS AXGELES, July 11.— Although
San FTancisco and the north will have
much to do with the election of a
United States Senator to succeed
Thomas R. Bard, whether he succeeds
himself or not, Los Angeles will be the
center of the open shows of strength.
That is to say, from here will be made
the announcements of the seemingly
relative positions' of those in the race at
the various posts along the course,
and meantime each of the candidates
will be pulling all available wires else
where, hiding all possible cards and
otherwise endeavoring to secure votes
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July . 11.— Union
leaders of the packing-house employes
in South St. Joseph say to-night that
all union men in the four plants will
strike to-morrow, according to advices
received from the national officers. Six
thousand men are employed.
KANSAS CITY, July 11.— The execu
tive committee of the various unions of
the two Kansas Cities that owe al
legiance to the . Amalgamated Meat
Cutters' and Butcher Workmen's Union
met in Kansas City, Kans., to-night
and received final instructions as to
the strike in- the packing- houses which
had been called for to-morrow. One
thousand men attended the meeting.
When the telegram ordering a strike
was received the men arose and
cheered. _^_
OMAHA, July 11.— The packing-house
managers of South Omaha have noti
fied the commission men that there will
be no livestock market on Tuesday, on
account of the threatened strike of
400C packing-house employes. This
notice was given early to-day in order
that commission-house men might
notify shippers to withhold shipments
of livestock to this market until the
threatened troubles were settled. It is
understood that the local packing
house men have received orders to
strike at noon to-morrow. This order,
however, is conditioned on further in
structions from Chicago, -where nego
tiations are in progress.
One of the large packing-house man
agers stated to-night that, although
there would be no market to-morrow,
his plant would remain open and give
employment to all men who did not
Jcln the strikers in case of a walkout.
-Finally it was decided by the officers
of the unions to take a referendum
upon the question of calling a strike
to enforce the demands. Before issu
ing the order to-night for the strike to
morrow, Donnelly said that meetings
similar to the one held to-night had
been held in other cities where the
companies have branches and that at
all of these meetings the vote resulted
in favor of a general strike.
In addition to the large firms al
ready named, the following concerns
will be affected if a strike' is started:
St. Louis Dressed Beef Company, East
St. Louis; Fowler Packing Company
and Ruddy Brothers, Kansas City, and
a number of smaller distributing
houses throughout the East.
Later a proposal came from the*pack
ers offering 17M> cents an hour for la
borers. This proposal was rejected by
the unions, and, although several other
conferences were held, no agreement
could be reached.
The butcher workmen at a recent
convention decided that a minimum
wage of 20 cents an hour for common
labor should prevail in the packing
centers, and that the wages of the
skilled workers should be equalized in
each branch of the trade. Wage scales
wpre arranged by the different unions
on the basis adopted by the conven
tion, but a number of conferences with
the packers failed of reaching any
agreement.
"For nearly two months we have
been carrying on negotiations with the
committee of superintendents repre
senting the packers, in order to secure
new agreements for our men. the old
contracts between the unions and the
companies having expired on Maji 2S.
Since that time we have been workins
without any agreement and have tried
in every way to reach a satisfactory
agreement with the packing interests,
but they have held out on every pro
posal we have submitted, refusing to
compromise in any way. Finally the
men became disgusted and to-night's
order for a general strike was the re
sult."
Superintendent J. J. Conway of Ar
mour & Co. made this statement:
"Neither side wants a strike. Cf that
there can be no doubt. While, so far
as I know, no arrangements have been
made fcr another meeting between the
representatives of the packers and of
the unions, still I think a further con
ference will be held to-morrow and in
all probability a satisfactory settle
ment of the difficulty will be reached."
The decision to ca!l a strike was
reached at a meeting of the Packing
Trades Council, called by the execu
tive officers of the different unions
v.-hose members are employed in the
packing plants to decide whether the
unions would continue negotiations for
the skilled men only, as proposed by
the packers' representatives, or wheth
er a strike would be called to enforce
the union demands for a minimum
wage fcr unskilled labor. The vote in
favor of a general strike was unani
mous.
CHICAGO, July 11.— A general strike
of the employes of all the big packing
plants throughout the country was or
dered to-night by Michael J. Donnelly,
president of the Amalgamated . Meat
Cutters and. Butcher Workmen of
America. Unless the packing com
panies offer some sort of a compromise
to the demands of the union the 49,600
workmen affected by the order will quit
to-morrow at noon. The strike involves
the following companies, which have
branches in Kansas City, St. Joseph,
St. Louis. Omaha. St. Paul, Fort Worth
and New York City: Armour & Co.,
Swift & Co., Xelson, Morris & Co.,
Bchwarzschlld & Sulzberger, Cudahy
Packing Company and the National
Packing Company. In Chicago alone
these companies employ more than 40.
000 men, all of whom will quit work at
the same time as at the packing houses
outside cf Chicago. In an interview to
nipht, Donnelly said:
Employers and Unions Fail
• to Come to Agreement on
Terms and General Walk
out Is Ordered for To-Day
9
Expert Cyril Williams of the Board ',
of yesterday filed a report \
relative to the complaint of J. G. j
Smythe of certain irregularities in the j
Fire Department. Williams reports that •
the ccst cf the Fire Department stables !
has increased during the past two ;
years and that since the dismissal of '
Superintendent of Hcrses O'Connell it i
requires in his place a battalion chief j
at J175. a fweman at 5100 and a super- j
Intended at $100. The report con
tinues:
I Bad that In Juac. 13G2. the s&iariee
eitrsed to the- stables amounted to $755. and
In June. 1PC4. $735. The salaries of the ad
tf.llcn^I n.en. amounting- to $375 per month.
•r«. net chare ed t» (ht stafciea* account.
nat-.aiicn Chief McKittrisk ha» to call at
the Ftabies and sen that the men are perform- i
lr.s rhrir work. Lieutenant Siurphy of truck 6 |
U <j<?tai>j e< forerr.an ar.d Driver W. Tobia ;
rZ cr.ci'.ic 55 act? a? superir.ter.dent. Captain |
G-rn.T.^ez !» detailed at fjperlaterdent ot '
haness; Captain Doyie of relief company 3 |
'• drtii'.r-z e.s ?"jp<'rir.ten5?r.t of <-arrenterg to
I'-fk a.;i-T t!i» repairs of the Fire Department !
buiiiinffs. Th? Ccrnmitsicnpif detail certain '
tr.en :cr f-*rtai- duticr anj their present work i
1« tckea up by other employe*, no new men, 1
t revcr. betes a^r»oir.ted.
Ccmrr.issioner Parry was present at i
the meeting of the Finance Committee I
er.d asked to see the report, but was
ir.forraed that he would be furnished
with a. copy cud the matter would be j
Investigated next Monday.
RIDS FOB HORSESHOEING.
Parry informed the committee in re
6r<c:ise to a question that the Fire !
Commission had invited bids for horse
shoeing in order to see if it could be
dene more cheaply than by the city.
Th? following resolution was later in
troduced by Hocks and adopted by the
Board of Supervisors:
Heaotved. That the Beard of Fire Coiss;:!
f-.-.Tr tx> hereby requested to Inform this
l:a.-d la rri.at resi-ct the puJilie interest -will
be M»rv*,j b> the advertisinsr for proposals for
¦:ii& award cf contract for the shoeing of all
r-,:«es *n U:e service aa-i *jnd»r the control
ol t!ve Fire Ik-partmeiit: and be It further
Rtftolved. Tl-.rt t'se Beard of Klre Commi?
*:f.r:ors l»« requested to rostrwi:? articn on all
bjfij for i:orF»*bceins until the relative merit
of t!-.» contract Fystem over the day-work
tjretem :n the matu-r cf hcrseshoeingr of th»
b :>'r o f the F5r*> Department be investigated
'¦¦.' '¦-.€ Finance Comm!tt»-e cf thiF brard.
Braunhart stated that it cost 52 50 to
shoe horses under contract and Jl 63
v.hf.n the work is done by the Fire De
rartrnent.
6JPCR TRACK PERMIT.
Permission was granted to the Call
f.nnia Wire Cloth Company to lay a
f=r>ur track on Harrison street, between
Nineteenth and. Twentieth, to connect
with the Southern Pacific tracks.
Grades were ordered changed on
Clinton Park.
An ordinance was passed to print ac
cepting a deed from the South San
Francisco Dock Company to land re
quired for the opening of Fifth and
Tenth avenues south from A street to
the water front.
Similar action was taken on the or
c:nances accepting a deed from the S.
Ducas Company to land required for
the opening cf Butler avenue from Pe
raUa avenue to Tcmasa street, and for
the opening of Wall street from Ho-lla
day avenue to Butler.
James L. Flood was granted permis
sion to erect three storage tanks of a
capacity of 0730 gallons each on the
premises at Powell and Market streets
for the purpose of storing fuel oil.
Monday. July 25, was set as the time
for hearing the appeal of Flinn &
Treacy from the assessment for street
work in South Park.
A demand for $15,000 was drawn In
favor of Joseph L. Schmitt as final
payment on the purchase price of the
lot and improrerr.er.ts at the northeast
corner of Commercial and Drumm
streets for the use of the Harbor Po
lice station-
There Is more or less talk about what
the "organization" intends to do. It
is said that interior members of the
Legislature will not declare a prefer
ence until the "organization" is heard
from. The assertion comes from the
headquarters of the Republican State
Central Committee that the party or
ganization, as represented by that
body, will not lend its support to any
aspirant for Senatorial honors. It ia
said that some knowledge in this re
spect was gained at Sacramento in
1899, when a branch of the committee
established headquarters in the Golden
Eagle Hotel and espoused the 'Sena
torial candidacy of D. M. Burns. '
Well informed politicians assert that
this talk about the "organization" Is
uttered to delude and mystify the
country candidates for the Legislature.
One of the talkers when hard pressed
for definite information regarding the
existence of an "organization" replied
that whoever Jere Burke, John C.
Lynch, George Hatton and Arthur
Fisk indorsed would be the man for
Senator. The information comes to
The Call from nearly all the leading
counties of the' State that the Repub
lican voters intend to elect to the Leg
islature men who will not take orders
from any self-constituted organization.
There Is no indication at the present
time of any purpose or desire on the
part of the railway or other corpora
tions to meddle In the Senatorial cam
paign.
THE ORGANIZATION.
Judge J. W. McKinley, chairman of
the California delegation in. the late
Republican National Convention* ar
rived in the city yesterday on his re
turn trip to Los Angeles, and at once
declared himself in favor of Frank P.
Flint for United States Senator to suc
ceed Thomas R. Bard. As Judge Mc-
Kinley is Mr. Flint's law partner in
Los Angeles the declaration does not
create special wonder.
Senator C. XV. Pendletqn of Los An
geles is in San Francisco studving the
Senatorial signs. If he can get a re
lease from Lankershin he will visit
the Flint camp.
State Senator Thomas Flint of San
Juan was at the Union League Club
yesterday. It is well kndwn that he
is partial to the candidacy of Senator
Bard, and entertains the belief that
the latter will win out in the south.
Senator Thomas Selvage of Humboldt
is also In town. He is classed as one
of the leaders of the Knight forces.
Four recognized candidates for \he
honor of representing California in the
Senate of the United States are now in
the field. Three of the aspirants.
Thomas R. Bard, Henry T. Oxnard and
Frank P. Flint, hall. from the south,
and It Is general gossip in political
camps that the solid support of South
ern California delegations will ulti
mately go to one of the three — the one
that develops the greatest strength in
the Legislature.
The candidacy of George A. Knight is
causing a deal of comment in political
circles. Common rumor is to the effect
that both Oxnard and Knight stand
h!gh in- the favor of President Roose
velt, but nobody expects the President
to indicate a preference for either. In
the Union League Club yesterday the
remark was made that George Knight
should post himself at once and ascer
tain how to pronounce the President's
name and not fall into the error of coo
ing the first syllable of Roosevelt.
Henry T. Oxnard makes no mistake
in pronouncing the President's name.
George Hatton, the manager of Mr.
Oxnard's Senatorial campaign, is not
disturbed in the slightest degree by the
reports of cordial friendship existing
between the President and Mr. Knight.
Mr. Hatton recalls the incident that
the President on his memorable visit
to California set aside the committee's
programme and went miles out of the
way on his special train to pay a visit
to his friend Oxnard at the town of
Oxnard. Mr. Knight, it is said, may
recall many demonstrations of Presi
dential regard, but he will have to get
a move on If he expects to outclass Ox
nard In this line of campaigning.
FLINT'S LAW PARTNER.
WAGE QUESTION
IS THE ISSUE
Henry T. Oxnard and George
A. Knight Are Rivals for
the Favor of president
Supervisors to Ascertain if
It Costs More by Con
tr.u-1 Than by Day's Labor
FLINT IS THE MAN
Fifty-Thousand Men Will
Lay Down Cleavers and
Knives in Chicago and
Other Packing Centers
Judge McKinley Bet-urns
and Expresses Preference
for Senatorial Candidate
HOKSi: BILLS EXCESSIVE
¦.''%-¦ \
Expert Finds More Men Em
j»!<\v<mi in the Fire Depart-'
iiieht Stable Than Before
REPORT SHOWS
GREAT EXPENSE
BEEF TRUST
EMPLOYES
TO STRIKE
DISCUSS FIGHT
FOR THE TOGA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 190£
7
ADVEBTISTrftTETTTS.
FREE X-RAY
EXAMINATION AND
TREATMENT
'/niK All p*r*ins calling at
/t^ fi^^S EIectr«M"T»emlc Insti-
/^¦^T '^t\-2^ fr " p x " rtav examina-
VujAff^^t I^fvt UoB BB<i (liainiosis. .v
j^Sr \* Vv^nV^\\ truthful Una sinccr«
/ VjT f ii\\i\ opinion* will fc- <i\--»
f I .*X'/S!lli la all ci«»« CuraM'
\ 9J&& StUf rtlseas's will be given
frwnf Hu a free treatment. No
XV&iSllir' Incurable casea will
%&&*"* undertaken. Call a:
once. Absolutely no chaTse.
£lectro-CliemlstTT cures paialesslr an-l
without ou«ratioa Counxmptloa, Cancer.
Catarrh. Deafness. S&eumatism, Fistula.
Paralysis, I.occraotor Ataxia. Asthma
and Bronchial Troubles. Piles, ircrrous
Diseases. • Skin and Blood Diseases ' and
the Special Diseases of Men and Women.
Writ? (or home treatment If you live at %
di~tanc^.
Separate arartmenta for ladies anu gentle-
men.
The Electro=Chemic Institute
118 Grant Ave.. Cor. Pest St."
SAX FRANCISCO. CAU
Office hours, '9 a. m. to 5 p. m. an* 7 to a
p. in. daily. Sundays, 10 a. a. to 1 p. n.
PRAGERS 1 \t'f£-: /PRAGERS '..'*¦*;,.¦¦ \ PRAGERS* r^y* PRAGERS
Note the Bargains in 'Choice Summer Merchandise Offered Here
Values in Dress Goods and a New Rare Economy Opportunities in
Silk, Women's Stylish Summer
THESE items are certain to interest you. They are l/i/«*?»*«i«vrr A »\*\ r>a\
parts of shipments of goods that have ju>t been opened W CariSig Appar6I.
1 in our receiving rooms. The silk is something new and ___ _ T _ , ; " . ~~ "
undoubtedly will prove very popular. It has a soft finish and HH HE reductions made on some of these garments are so
comes in all the popular colors. 1 enormous that our price aviII not cover the cost^ of
Peau de Carol —^a New Silk. « n r e outing skir^ s »* '.---£*^l. **~.
• ¦ — — *7Q/» Extra quality Black Duck Skirts; full widths sewed with .
ffB^ Icau de Carol." a soft finish silk in solid colors. Only J7C extra strong thread; two hundred included in this creat reduc-
ihk 5=4 I* tO lound at. Pragers. It comes in all the popular t ion. The regular value $i.=;o.
3 BE 1 n shadings, such as black, cream, ivory and white. Just _ , , , . . . . " ., . . , . „ j 1 •
U LIU the thin * f °r fall carments. It's regular value is S^c oer QQ r One hundred and eighty dark blue and black polka dot s^.r.ts;
" .: yard. 7Ow extra quality* duck: full circular skirts, prettily strapped in
DRESS GOODS. bands to match. The regular value $175.
iQr* Wool Challies in white. While the quantity on hand lasts we WASH SUITS.
1 7C will sell it at this special price. The regular value 40c. «1 AC About one hundred in all of these wash suits in three pret-
1 Or* Homespun Suiting in mixtures of rimv, red. blue and jjreen. 4) 1 *fiiJ ty patterns, full flaring skirts, at less than half orice. The
1 'v Splendid for outing suits. The regular value 25c. regular value S.rw. Many other good values from $2.75,
2Qp 3S-inch Black Zibiline— good quality— a splendid bargain at $345 and $4-95- Worth double "the price.
JOC this price. The regular value 60c. - SILK SHIRT WAIST SUITS.
OrPAt Stoerini *?;|1p fVf C^KlldrPn'* CO OQ The lot comprises about fifty verv handsome Silk and Si-
\JH COL OfJCV^IUl Ul Vamm Cll O JV.VJ cilian shirt waist suits in an assortment of colors and
"~~~ ~WX ~~~~~ = pretty checks — hardly any two alike. The regular values
Dresses. fr ° m 51+95 up to $20.
These garments and prices are unmatchable. Cwtife a* I ccc Tk/in f*M+
fJQ n Children's white dresses made of soft finished Nainsook; 011110 <tl i^JSOO 1 111111 ViUOU*
- (Ow> j-okes of tiny tucks alternating with fine Swiss Insertion; col- l - .
lar and cuffs finished with narrow hemstitched ruffle. The tf*7 QC We have taken about fifty of our best selling suits oat of
regular value $i oo. »P' »/J stock, and will sell them for the next few days at less than
C1 03 Children's fine Persian Lawn dresses; yoke of dainty em- J cost of material. They are all handsomely tailored and up-
J>i.£J broidery insertion and cluster of tucks-edged all around to " d t te in every r «P e . ct - . X \ c are making this great reduction
with 2-inch Swiss edging-collar and cuffs finished with on * hem on account °\ thcir late z^ iyzl The regular values $15
narrow yalenciennes lace edge. The regular value $1 75. to * 20 '
7ft f F ? st colo . red Percale dresses for children; yoke of embroidery SHIRT WAISTS.
1 OC with a 4-inch gathered ruffle of percale, edged with narrow /jO/» U P to — Thousands of beautiful Lawn and Silk Waists
embroidery and French skirt; white polka dots* on dark f»7C are marked special this week at half price and less. They
grounds. The regular value $1 00. are regularly worth from $10 up to $12.50.
I Variety of New Wash Enameled ware. IWomeiVsFancyGoods
!1 7^- g „ n . T-^VERYTHING used for the kitchen can *—
Poods at omall Prices r"M found in this great sale at reduced q£ Inventory Prices
B * HESE four items are the pick of -?ii Ce r-" „ j- t. 1 1 q- J TT I '. *
i I our stoik at this tirne an/ with- g^ "£iSS§£^^£ A LL ° f theSe " e *T tO
j out doubt will be quickly snapped -3c — For milk or stew pans, regular value 35c. /"" \ complete every woman's attire.
I ' up by eatrer shoppers. 3Gc— For 12-quart dish pan. regular value 55c.
3 r WASH GOODS <J3c — For ? erlin saucepan, regular value 8.iC. -STOCK COLLARS.
i Qn This season's choicest selection of wash HOc— For lip saucepan, regular value 85c <* wm Fancy embroidered lawn stock eol-
g VC goods in small dots, pin stripes and . * • lars with Bishop ervb. The resular
\ pretty organdy effects. Tile regular value .15c. \
f value 15c per yard. g| m •¦ *\ Cr» Embroidered lawn top collars for top of
*» PonKeesjn bea^T' woven desiens (also L-gj 'W^ "^W t£W W& ! chtpt wakt <jftq
;y cJ/w plain) — \ er}- fashionable just now; | gg "*i'. Hi il K «* R| tE? aniK1 vVAiai bh-li>.
i width 2S inches. The regularvalue 6qc Jsjz&fo'tp-, WL &L isLE* /^^f^ 0^>f* a set — Shirt \v.ii~t set| to be worn
I a yard. ft&A**^ *&^&^r *^ fi^F^ LJW with cotton waists; dainty turn-over
- CREAM CASHMERE. \^^/ " Jr *• I collars made of cotton bunting, cm-
s IP- 40-inch Cream Cashmere: will wash *i AT W\YS RE I !4BI C ' l broidered in Persian designs with cuffs to
I IJv splendidly and cheaper than buying E? ¦ • j match. The regular value a set.
5 calic °cusHioN tops. - ** 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^ I children's handkerchiefs.
% OC/» Lithograph Cushion Tops — over 100 ' Rl/it* Sheer lawn handkerchiefs for chil-
I LJv cross in an endless variety of designs. AH the ShoppillfiT indt|CSIH.6!\tS that made 0/3^ dren with narrow hemstitched bor-
1 d0^ The regularvalue 5OC - See our win - this store popular are still here value 5c ders and Ia " corners - The rccuIar
ADVXRTISE2£ENTS>.
jffYOUR OLD 11
f~ I have use for it and will give n
ff you liberal allowance for it on a B
f new one My Razors are all high ¦
I grade and guaranteed. Prices as 1
I low as $1.OO. I
j STAB SArETT SAZORS. Teg- I
I ' -jiar $2.00 values. I sell at a
I J*l.r»O-. FuH spts and extra fi
a blades at low prices. h
1 FOCZET K1TIVES. the kind S
¦ y<-.u can swear by and depend on. m
n Two or three blades. My price U
3 only SI. OO. v \
M Other lines of pood Cutlery at I
}¦ moderate figures. p
B Razors honed and ground I
fi Honing. 2r»c- ' 1
¦ Wail orders attended to promptly 3
I THAT MAN PITTS 3
* .F. TV. PITTS. The Stationer. 9
A l6O8 MARKET ST.. Above Powell. M
W SAN FRANCISCO. BTownsend's California Glace fruits !
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market »t
Peat briquettes, all heat except a
pinch of ashes, can now be made by
improved processes for $1 21 a ton. The
peat supply increases proportionately
with the distance ¦ from the equator.
In cold and- wet countries the climate
does not well do the drying, and meth
ods have consequently to be resorted
to. So prepared, there is peat enough
"distributed here and there in the world
Peat Briquettes for Fuel.
CONTRABAND OF WAR— Subscri
ber. Piedmont, Cal. At various time
discussions have arisen as to whethe
foodstuffs are contraband of war; the
are obviously articles of peaceful com
merce. but are also essential to th
maintenance of an army and sometime
a supply would give one belligerent j
great advantage over another. Th
rule has been that when one belllgerer,
overtakes a vessel loaded with con
hay. etc., not per se articles of wai
and such vessel is bound for a port c
the enemy, the seizer confiscates th
goods, but pays for the same, this t
prevent the enemy having the benefi
of the articles.
The fat man, not satisfied with mak
ing himself comfortable, had a bad
habit of moving along every time a
lady cot on the car in order to make
room for her. In doing so he would
shove the Irishman along. The latter
made no serious objection, .but. when
he had been shoved three times into
a crushed position patience ceased to
be a virtue. •
"Here." said the latter; "what are
you trying • to do?"
"Well. I am. just trying to make
room for the" lady to sit down," said
the fat man. ""
"!s that so?" replied his • eighbor
with a cur! of disdain on his , lips.
"What's the matter wid you giving
up one of the sates you, are, occupying
to the ladV 7 " - /
He was an exceedingly stout person
age who boarded a Market-street car
and immediately appropriated - the
space usually allotted to two passen
gers, owing to the Immensity of his
proportions. Seated next to the ele
phantine Individual was a diminutive
son cf the Emerald Isle.
Had Two Seats.
Of this transfer of money there was
$75,536,656 paid out in pensions, com
pared with $73,721,269 the previous year.
The Postoffice Department paid in $24.
149,560 and took out $24,140,453 and the
United States treasurer's transfer ac
count totaled $313,566,740 for transac
tions both ways. — Washington Star.
A dispatch from New York says: As
much money as there is gold coin in the
world was handled by the local sub
treasury in the fiscal year ending June
30. The volume was $4,043,977,978. Of
this $2,010,523,410 was received and $2.-
OL'3,454,567 was paid out. In the previous
year there was $3,531,860,172 of business
done. 'L* r . -
Fair Billions Cash Handled.
BEETLE AND WEDGE— Subscriber
Oakland. Cal. Beetle and wedge Is t
game for boys that originated in Con
necticut. A party of boys pitch ontw
who are unacquainted with the gam
and ask them if they would not like t
play beetle and wedge, the fun. the:
exclaim, is to be beetle and wedge. Th
victims consenting, the beetle la drive:
against the wedge, back to back, wttf
such force that it "sends him flying.
Within a comparatively short time this is the third
example of The Call's superiority in news service over
its- contemporaries. When Pius X was chosen Pope
The Call was. the -first newspaper of, San Francisco to
give information of the fact. When the Japanese fired
THE Call has no little satisfaction in calling the at
tention of its patrons to another journalistic tri
umph which has marked the course of this paper
in its purpose to present not only a complete, unpre
judiced, intelligent exploitation of the news of each day,
but to be alert 5 in giving .this news .to its readers before
any of its competitors in the field of daily journalism.
On Saturday morning there was but one item of news
held to be of primary importance in the anticipation of
newspaper readers of^ San Francisco. Overshadowing
in general interest were the deliberations of the Demo
cratic National Convention at St. Louis, and, the an
nouncement of any result in the struggle for the Presi
dential nomination, if any had been attained. A result
was reached in the selection of Judge A. B. Parker of
New York to lead the Democratic campaigners and The
Call on Saturday morning published the nomination, giv
ing proper prominence and place to' this fact of national
moment. \
Neither of the other morning newspapers published
in this city washable to give this news to its subscribers,
while every subscriber of The Call read it at his break
fast-table.
PARKER'S NOMINATION.
OCEAN DEPTHS— Subscriber. City
For a long time the soundings by Mur
ray of the Challenger of the greater
depth of the Pacific Ocean. 30.000 feet
held the record. While on the Hono
lulu-Manila cable survey those o«
board of the U. S. S. Nero, with ap
paratus borrowed from the Albatross
got a sounding off the island of Guan
of 31,614 feet, only 66 feet less than si:
miles.
The new woman of Colorado has at last made her
progress and its method subjects of the most serious
judicial inquiry. One of the sex of Denver, politically
inclined and evidently earnest in the cause she espoused,
has been indicted by the Grand Jury for "repeating" at
an election. The lady has ample grounds to plead that
there is not a new woman alive who does not think that
she is plural and entitled to the consideration generally
accorded to numbers.
WITHIN the last five years there have been
more than a score of cases in this country of
poisoning by candy and liquor sent by mail.
Colorado was shaken up by a case of poisoning by
whisky sent by mail. But candy seems the favorite re
sort of the poisoners. We have a noted California case
of this kind, and since it occurred and had publicity
there have been three more cases here, though none
resulted in the death of the intended victim.
We do not use the term '"poisoned candy" with any
reference to the dangerous stuff found in most candy
by Chemist Wiley ot the Agricultural Department. It
is plain from his analysis that if the poisoners would
only wait a little the confectioners would do the job
with the parafnne and aniline used in making their candy.
But the desire for vengeance is too, impatient to wait,
and so these slow-death things are reinforced with
strychnine or arsenic and sent anonymously to the
victim, who immediately proceeds to gorge the stuff,
not knowing who sent it, or anything about it. only
that it is candy and a present and cost nothing. Then
the cater dies and the autopsy shows active and passive
poison and the ponderous machinery of the law is put
in motion to find the poisoner. This is a tale told again
and again in the newspapers, and yet the market for
poisoned candy, is as good as ever. People who will
read this would lay the paper down and sample a box
of chocolates that came by mail without knowing who
sent it. V~
The poisoner is the most execrated of all criminals
and those who eat candy that comes by mail, they know
not from whom, are the most to be condemned of all
fools. It is just possible that, in the great economy of
things, the poisoner is the fool-killer in disguise, for
surely no "person that knows enough to retire Jndoors
when it rains would touch stuff sent under such cir
cumstances. When a box of candy, with no sender's
name upon it. is received by, a person of sense it is
sent for analysis to a chemist and -everything about the
package that can identify the sender is carefully pre
served.. . Tn these days enmity takes novel shapes and
revenge is sought in. gruesome ways, and the easiest
seems to be the lure of a cheap box of candy. . .
WHEREABOUTS— I*. N. R., Seattle
Wash. The advertising columns oi
The Call are open to any one whe
wishes to advertise for the where
abouts of individuals. This departmea'
dees not answer questions of tha:
character.
CANDY BY MAIL.
GINGER STOUT— Subscriber. City
The beverage called ginger stout u
made of an extract composed of hops,
horehound. gentian root. caniomil«
flowers, black licorice, common ginger
common salt and ground cloves.
Anstvers to Queries.
LAURANCE— L., City. The meanini
of Laurance. a personal name. If
"crowned with laurel." The name is 01
Latin origin.
I leened on thee frunt fense lass nite ann
kride
too think shee wuzent thare, ann then I
tride
too chere upp butt mi feelings wuz too
prate
Ann turble sobbs jusst rattuld. thee frunt
gait,
i was askairt sheed neavermoar kum
back.
suraway i thott thee trane runa off thee
track
ann kilt um awl. in mi dreems i cood
sea
hur layen dedd ann cawlen out too me.
itt wuz so pittyfull ann i sedd no
itt is so dredful that itt cant be so.
tooday we had fresh donuts such uz we
ur oflle fond uv ann I ett down three
befoar i thott uv her. ann thenn thee lite
wennt out fore me. i losst mi appetight.
A grate bigg lump roze rite up in mi
throte.
i put a cupple donuts in ml kote
soze 1 doant starv ann slolie wennt away.
Sum uther boize wuz bizzey with thare
play
butt i Jusst lookt at um ann thenn wennt
on.
How cood i think uv play wenn she is
gone. — Life.
Thee wurld seems offle offle sadd too me
becuz mi &url is gone away u sea
too vizzet with hur unkels fokes ann i
woant sea hur fore a hole weak wich is
wl.
sumhow hur goen maiks a turble change
about hur house, itt looks so stil ann
strainge.
Thee blinds are shutt ann awl thee kur
tens down
with jusst thee gurl ann hird mann in
town
Too kepe thee burgglers owt ann thee
frunt laun
jusst hollers out sheez gone sheez gone
sheez gone.
Boxish Bereavement.
A memento of "Bleak House" also
vanished recently when Crook's old
paper shop was torn down in Chan
cery lane. It was over this shop that
iMisa Flyte. the quaint, kind-hearted
spinster, was , supposed to live and
here the Jarndyce heirs visited her.
As sacrificial offerings to the spirit
of modern progress the few remaining
Dickens landmarks are fast vanishing
from London. The latest to be doomed
is the Saracen's Head, Snow Hill. All
the admirers of the great master of
fiction will remember this as the old
coaching-house which Wackford
Squeers, the villainous schoolmaster,
made his headquarters when he came
to London in search of fresh victims
and from whence Nicholas Nickleby
started with him in the I Yorkshire
coach for Dotheboys. Hall. As the
photograph shows the building has
been renovated since that memorable
journey, but the renewed lease of life
it gained thereby has been a brief one.
It Is soon to be sold, torn down and
replaced by a more pretentious struc
ture.
It was only a little while ago that
the members of the Dickens fellow
ship received with a. shudder the tid
ings that the Black Bull In Holborn.
long held sacred to the memory of
; Sarah Gamp and her mythical friend,
Mrs. Harris, had been removed to
make way for some emblem that
would more appropriately represent
up-to-date business methods. Yet it
is probable that the Black Bull's suc
cessor will have passed into dust and
oblivion long before the monthly
nurse in Martin Chuzzlewlt is forgot
ten.
Dickens landmarks Passing.
London season he expects to have paid
the last dollar.
Aside from his music the child' Is
abnormally developed. He converses
freely in English, French, German,
Swedish and Italian, and probably
knows Europe better than any boy of
his age. With absolutely no taste for
the interests of ordinary boys he
spends all his leisure time at the op«ra.
If he particularly wants to see a cer
tain .piece he is just as likely as not
to refuse to play or do anything else
until his wish is gratified.
Reuter has composed a violin con
certo, a quartet and a symphonic
poem, besides numerous orchestral and
violin pieces. One of the most Inter
esting features of his performance Is
his conducting and at his first concert
litre he will lead the Covent Garden
orchestra through a symphony of his
own composition. Asked about his
conducting, he said:
"It is about three years ago since I
tnok It up. Not long ago I conducted
the court orchestra at Athens and they
wanted me to be its permanent con
ductor, but, of course, I refused."
In' March the youngster had the
unique honor of playing to the Sultan
of Turkey and 283 of Abflul Hamld's
Probably the boy will go to Neuwied
about the middle of July. It was with
tome difficulty that Queen Carmen
Sylva was persuaded to let him come
to London and every letter is full of
the opera, the libretto of whtph she al
ready has begun. It deals with the
life of Joan of Arc.
By %-irtue of his remarkable per
formances Jn Continental cities during
the layt year and a half and the favor
he enjoys at the hands of h'e royal
patron, the youth Is in a fair way to
become as popular here as Franz von
Vecsey. the child musician who tours
America next fall under a $70,000 guar
antee. It is understood that as a re
sult of a personal Inter from Carmen
Sylva, Queen Alexandra will receive
little Von Reuter at Buckingham Pal
ace within the next few days. He
wants also to visit America, his pre
vious engagement there having been
bo unfortunately cut short by illness
after less than half a dozen perform
ances in Boston and New York.
Florizel was hardly 3 when he
fln-t gave indication of an amazing
talent for music. He soon began study-
Ing the violin, developing rapidly dur
ing the next five years under the di
rection of Yeaye, Henri Marteau and
other prominent masters. Now he
knows all the difficult Wagnerian
scores by heart and the music of
TschaikowBky, Beethoven and Mozart
is as familiar as his alphabet. He is
said to have a repetoire of more than
ISO pieces and can discuss all branches
of music with the skill of a veteran.
Last November -while Reuter was fill
ing a concert engagement in Bucharest
the Queen of Roumania heard him
play. She was attracted not only by
his music" but by his great mop of
curly golden hair, the possessjpn of
¦which is regarded as an omen of good
luck by the dark-haired Roumanians.
Carmen Sylva Invited the young artist
to the palace and there began a friend
ship which has almost resulted in the
boy's adoption by his patron. Nearly
fx-vry day eince he has been in London
he has received long letters from the
Queen in English, several of which he
Fhowed me, detailing the pleasures In
Ftore when he returns to Segenhaus.
the Rummer palace of the Queen, at
Neuwled, and signed "Mamma Regina
Elizabeth to her dear Flowerchlld."
Florizel von Reuter. the 12-year-old
composer, violinist and conductor who
is compofi.ng an op*-ra with Carmen
Fyiva. Quef-n of Roumania. was mak
ing his brief ytelt to the United States
two j-f-ars ago, some photographs were
taken of him. I succeeded, however,
In the course of a chat with the child
yesterday in getting from him the ac
companying likeness which was taken
at hSs home in Geneva quite recently
and which ha? never before been pub
lished.
Once more we get a glimpse of Em
peror Jacques Lebaudy. He is now
516,000 poorer through having royally
settled the claims of the French Marine
Department against him, and those of
the deserted sailors whom he recruited
from the Frasquita. This action of the
Emperor Jacques has rather conciliated
public opinion, since It shows that
Jacques is no fool after all; he preferred
paying to commencing the interminable
wrangling with a French court. His
brothers in Paris confess that they
don't know exactly how far his schema
has progressed, but the fact that the
aforesaid sailors' receipts were mad*
out formally to "his Majesty Jacques
Premier, Emperor du Sahara." seem*
to prove that the monarch of the sands
has not abated a jot or title of hit
august pretensions. — Boston Transcript
Music Comedx in Sahara.
"Fat women are time-killers, too.
They will stand in the street watch
ing the wagons go by or move slowly
upon the platform while the car is
standing 'dead* on the rails, the stock
holders' dividends are shrinking and
the timekeeper is putting a rod in
pickle for the poor conductor. Say,
try and get this company to have
separate cars for the fair sex and have
them run on a woman's time schedule,
won't you?"
when the minutes will be rr
against the conductor. The •
a Noe Valley woman with fouv
board boxes and a parrot in bokrUinS
the car got twenty-five seconds out of
me — five for each package and polly.
She would have landed in fifteen sec
onds if she had not struck an ac
quaintance. That used up seven sec
onds more.
NKW PHOTOGRAPH OF TLOKIZEL, THE TWELVE-YEAR-OLD BOY "WHO IS [
COMPOSING THE MUSIC FOR AN OPERA BY THE QUEEN OF ROU- >
MANIA.
TRYING MOMENTS IN THE LIFE
OK THE CABLE CAR CON
DUCTOR.
Japanese Journalism is developing on
Western lines and with surprising rap
idity. The events of the present war
are responsible for extras which are
sold on the street in the American
fashion. The newsmen run barelegged,
with a sort of napkin round the head
and a srflall bell at the belt, which
rings as they go. "When the war news
is lively the extras come out in a cor
respondingly lively manner, one after
the other, and are liberally patronized.
The sensational reporter has appeared
there, as well as the female journalist,
and things are"whooped up" more than
they used to be. One consequence of
this is that journalism here and there
begins to pay, where formerly it had
to be subsidized as a matter of pat
riotism and public spirit. There is an
English column in all the papers, and
English is studied in all the schools.
The country has six hundred news
papers in all, and a number of them
have respectively a circulation exceed
ing a hundred thousand copies. As
guides and directors of public opinion
they are perhaps not inferior to our
own. Altogether Japanese journalism,
in its infancy, has a bright future be
'ore it, and will likely keep pace with
:ie progress of the country it serves.
Japanese Journalism.
to conduct a substantial civilization on
for an indefinite succession of centu
ries. Alaska has plenty of It, so has
Siberia, with ample deposits in other
far northern countries. Sweden al
ready uses two million tons of th*
briquettes vearly. and within fifty
miles of Chicago are deposits of the
material sufficient to supply the city
with fuel for a period to come perhaps
as long as It friay have any use for
fires or domestic hearths to light th«m
on. One-seventh of the area of Ire
land consists of peat bogs heretofore
not to be profitably worked, but by
the new process made as valuable a«
coal mines. •
A study has been made also of the flow of the Owens
River and its tributaries. Permanent gauging stations
have been established at Bishop, Rock and Pine creeks
and on the Owens River, and daily readings are taken
at all these stations. Irrigated land is being mapped and
the duty of water is being determined.
The present irrigation development is complimented
by Mr. Clausen, but the fact is also pointed out by him
that while some lands easily accessible by water are suf
fering from drought, other lands, by reason of waste, are
being converted into swamps. It is also estimated that
the efficiency of the existing canals can be increased
fifty per cent by judicious and economical management.
Tributary drainage areas will be investigated this sum
mer to ascertain where there are minor storages, with
the view of making them feeders to a main system.
Extensive developments of power are made feasible for
pumping by reason of the abrupt descent of the waters
on the eastern slope of the Sierras. Natural conditions
are favorable for securing irrigation, as they are in many
California valleys. Mr. Clausen says that the United
States Government intends, upon the approval of the
proper authorities, to reclaim the arid lands of the
Owens Valley.
The theme of Mr. Clausen is the latent wealth of
Owens Valley, in Inyo County, and the beneficial effect
that irrigation will have. Owens Valley is in about the
latitude of Fresno. It has a population of about 5000.
With the exception of ten per cent, who are engaged in
mining in the surrounding mountains, the population
is supported by agriculture and stock-raising as prac
ticed in the valley. Bishop is the largest town, with a
population of 600.
On the east of the valley are the White Mountains,
with an average elevation of 10,000 feet. On the west
the Sierra Nevadas form a barrier 12,000 feet high. The
valley floor is 4000 feet above the sea level. It is 100
miles 'long and about five miles wide. The Owens River
cuts it almost in halves. Owens River runs into Owens
Lake, for which there is no visible outlet. The waters
of the lake have become, by evaporation, a concentrated
solution of alkaline salts. The soil of the valley is en
tirely the result of the decomposition of the material
from the adjoining mountains, the wash from one side
being of granitic and from the other side of limestone
¦ origin. The resultant is a condition ripe for unusual
fertility. Water is the great desideratum. The rainfall
is very small and therefore irrigation is a necessity. The
climate is temperate and offers no impediment to thor
ough development. •
Mr. Clausen has been studying the region since June
1, 1903. He finds that green fields of alfalfa thrive
.where there were only sagebrush areas and prosperous
farms exist where once there was a desert. Water has
accomplished this and the way is clear for much greater
improvement to be brought about by scientific use of
water. A primary investigation has revealed that there
is a reservoir site at the lower end of Long Valley, in
the southern part of Mono County on the Owens River,
at an elevation of 7000 feet. The watershed tributary
to this site* contains about 300 square miles, having an
elevation of 7000 to 12,000 feet, and nearly all subject to
a heavy fall of snow.
IN the current number of Water and Forest, the offi
cial publication issued by the California Water and
, Forest Society, there is an article by J. C. Clausen
of the United States Reclamation Service, that is valu
able for the information it contains about a section of
California little known to the majority of citizens, and
by reason of inferences relating to other regions that
naturally spring from the conclusions entertained by the
writer.
A TYPICAL IRRIGABLE VALLEY.
Youthful Musical Wonder.
Special Correspondence.
HEAlKjrAHTERS OF THE CALL.
t HENRIETTA STREET, COVEN'T
GARDEN. LONDON. June 26.— When
A waiting and an incredulous world has at last re
ceived the startling information that in some of the re
cent and highly sensational naval exploits of the Japan
ese the fighting sailors of the Mikado met -with signal
defeat. What in the name of al» that is warlike has hap
pened to the press censor in the Far East? We have
been laboring under the impression that the Japanese
cannot be defeated — in type.
A Castro-street car conductor who
has been repeatedly fined for running
his car on a behind-time schedule says
he wants to have his salary raised or
get on a line where there are fewer
women. He may be overstrong in his
allegations, but he i9 mad, and unhesi
tatingly lays the cause of his slow
runs to his female passengers.
"A man," he says, "will break for
the door before the car stops and a
woman will remain seated till the
whole system is at a standstill. I
would not complain if this was all.
but she will then begin to hunt for
her parcels and bid her companions
good-by. There are long-drawn kisse*
and a volume of come-and-see-mes
while the carpet-walking conductor's
watch is ticking the time away. I
always hate to read in the morning
papers of the 'special bargains' and
'remnant sales,' because those days
are my 'days of wrath.' The woman
passenger will do fairly well on the
downtown trip, but it is on the return
Wants a Woman's Sclwdule.
TIME was that the Populist party was the object
of lively interest to politicians. It grew out of the
Farmers' Alliance, organized by that remarkable
man Polk, of North Carolina. He made every member
take an oath to hear speeches and read papers only of
Iheir side. Though this seems preposterous now,- it
succeeded in establishing that class feeling which Mr.
Bryan used adroitly in his two campaigns. The Populist
party continued the exclusive class policy instituted by
Polk, and came to embody all of the political fanaticism
of the country. Its Ocala and Omaha platforms were
the study of economists and publicists, for they mapped
out what would have been an entirely novel system of
government.
The Populists absorbed the Greenback party, and as
similated a considerable number of Socialists. Of course
such accessions added to the original stock of vagaries.
The Socialists brought in government ownership and di
rect legislation, and the G^eenbackers their airy fairy
theories of money. Any man who had a half-baked idea
that did not deserve baking at all found a place for it in
the Populist party. The queer combination was soon
increased by the accession of demagogues from both
parties. It is conceivable that "Whirlwind Davis" of
Texas could honestly believe that a proper financial sys
tem required that every man's note of hand be made a
legal tender, and that the volume of that kind of cur
rency should be limited only by the capacity of men to
emit notes of hand, but it is not conceivable that Mr.
Bryan and Senator Patterson of Colorado believed that
though they advocated it.
The party was propagated and grew in some direc
tions for various reasons. Five years' drought in Ne
braska and Kansas made most of the people poor, and
poverty is a condition in which vagaries flourish. Sena
tor Ingalls said that the people of Kansas hated Pullman
cars because they were an expression of luxury in which
only a few could indulge. Wherever drought laid its
dry hand or hard times pinched there Populism flour
ished as a protest against conditions that the people were
taught could be exorcised by artifice properly directed
In the South the rise of Populism was due to another
cause entirely. The race issue kept men from following
their convictions into the Republican party, while the
political tyranny of the Democratic organization roused
a genuine American protest against its intolerable ex
actions, of which Populism was the expression. Isham
G. Harris in Tennessee, Morgan in Alabama, Butler and
Wade Hampton in South Carolina, had held the reins so
tight that no ambitions were permitted in politics except
by their consent. The rise oi Tillman in South Carolina
was on the lines of Populism, and his declaration that
he would "give the one gallus men a chance" appealed
to the same sentiment that made Tom Watson possible
in Georgia.
So. it came to be the opinion of even wise men that
Populism had the elements of permanency and must be
reckoned with. While nothing is more sure than that
the party was the abnormal product of ephemeral con
ditions, and was bound to evaporate with its unsub
stantial cause, there is no doubt that its decay was has
tened by the fusions into which it was wooed by Mr.
Bryan. When it was sought and besought by the
Democracy the upstart party assumed airs, and
finding it could dictate proceeded t do so. In this
State it dictated to the Democracy the nomination of
Judge Maguire for Governor, and that of Marion Can
non for Congress, and success in issuing commands here
and elsewhere made it arrogant and purled up with
that pride that goeth before a fall.
Mr. Bryan was not benefited by fusion. The Popu
lists that were sent to Congress were amusing cranks,
with no capacity for the hard work that counts in that
body. They were the sort of men who whittle sticks
and talk and talk, and chew tobacco and spit and spit,
and have but one opinion in economics, which is to the
effect that any man who has gathered more gear than
they stole it from the people. Wherever the party got
; power it showed a vast incapacity for its responsibilities.
Its destructive ideas were definite. It hated all existing
institutions. But when it removed them what it pro
posed' to substitute was a structure that had existed only
in a hasheesh dream. It is no wonder, then, that the Na
tional Convention of the party, just held in Springfield,
III., had only two hundred delegates, representing a
minority of the States, and seemed to have met only
to sing the swan song of a party that once filled a vast
space in the political horizon. What is left of it is
mostly in the South, where it merely gives opportunity
to fight the regnant and reckless Democracy. If it
ever revive the germ will spread from that section.
The child of poor Germans. Von Reu
tt-r has secured all hfs training on
credit, " and at present is devoting as
much of his income as he can possibly
spare to paying the masters who have
given him his education. Many of hi»
teachers would have been willing to
give their services for the sake of de
veloping the boy's extraordinary talent,
but to this he never would agree, and
he hafr- succeeded in reducing his in
debtedness to less than $750 in the last
three months. Before finishing his
v.ivf-s and 214 of his daughters. In a
theater attached to the harem, where
eo far as is known.no ordinary, per
former evej! appeared before, the boy
drew round after round of applause
f'.om the royal audience and received a
f**e of about 1500 and a decoration. Af
ter the concert Florizel was allowed to
talk with a number of the Sultan'a
family and the Sultan's youngest son,
a boy about the young musician's age.
On ' this tour he played before, the
Prince of Bulgaria, who showed his ap
preciation by a decoration and hearty
thanks.
upon Port Arthur and the war in the Orient had actu
ally begun The Call was first in the field with the news.
While primacy in news service involves great expense
and vigilant industry, The Call is gratified in its ability
to maintain the lead it has so distinctly won.
DECLINE OF POPULISM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . .Address All Commendations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflicc ............. Third and Market Streets. S. F.
TUESDAY .JULY 12, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY 12. 1904.
Special information supplied daily *
business house* and public men by. tfc
Press Clipping Bureau < Allen's). 2u9Ch.
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1041 •
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESIf you would profit by your own ad-
Vice be a lawyer or a doctor.
Pablo A. Andrade has been recog
nized by the Department of State at
Washington, D. C. as Vice Consul for
.Ecuador at this port
Vice Consul for Ecuador.
Charles H. Carlton, who was re
leased on $2500 bail last Saturday,
was rearrested on a dispatch from
Cleveland, Ohio, stating that Carlton
had jumped his bail bonds at that
place. The prisoner was brought be
fore United States Commissioner Hea
cock, who fixed the bonds at $5000.
Carlton was unable to furnish the re
quired bonds and was praced in the
County Jail to await removal proceed
ings. The charge against him is that
of using the mails with intent to de-
Xraud. '
Curlton Still in Jail.
A man giving the name of Harry
Bell called at the rooming-house of
Mrs. F. Cook, 787 Pine street, yester
day morning and engaged a suite of
rooms at $45 per month. He paid the
first month's rent in advance with two
checks for $55 on the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, receiving $10 change. He
¦went away and did not return. The
checks were presented at the bank and
proved to be worthless.
Swindles a ¦ Landlady.
Payment in sums ranging; from $5
to $100 is .to be made to the twenty
one persons who participated in the
search for the recovery of the body of
Simon H. Seymour at Bartlett Springs,
where he met his death in a creeks
The act of humanity performed by the
men who are to be rewarded in the ag
gregate sum of $360 is divided into
four degrees of service — carriers, re
lief carriers, finders of the body and
those jvho searched all night. Orrin
Crabtree will receive $100 and his two
companions in finding the body, W. K.
Haste and Alex Phillips, are to be
given $50 each. Frank Rich gets $20
and eight other carriers $10 each;
three men are to have $10 and one $5
for "searching all night," and five re
lief carriers will be richer by $5 each.
The Superior Court yesterday granted
the widow, Susan Seymour, permis T
sion to make the distribution.
Pny for Finding; Body.
One move in the battle of Clayton
C. Smith to regain the custody of hi*
two-year-old daughter was lost yes
terday in Judge Troutt's court when
the motion to modify the decree of di
vorce giving the child to the mother
was overruled. Since Smith and his
wife were legally separated the little
one has been adopted by Mrs. Jack
son, stepmother of Myrtle Smith, the
divorced wife. In the hearing yester
day an affidavit from Mattie Smith,
matron of the McNutt Hospital, was
read, stating that Myrtle Smith had
been treated at the institution and
that one Henry Abrahams had paid
the bill. This is the name mentioned
in Smith's affidavit charging his wife
with infidelity. There, is yet to be
heard a petition for the revocation of
the letters of adoption by which Mrs.
Jackson obtained the child. .
Smith's Babe Withheld.
The case of Law vs. the City and
County of San Francisco, «i proceeding
instituted by the physician and capi
talist whose name appears as plaintiff,
against the municipality for the pur
pose of testing the validity of the pro
posed bond issue of $18,000,000 was
submitted to the Supreme Court yes
terday. On June 6 the court gave con
testants ten days to file briefs and the
case should have been submitted June
16. Inasmuch as a decision in this
proceeding is awaited with feverish
interest by thousands of people^ there
was some question as to why the case
had not been submitted on time. None
of the court officials could explain who
was at fault and so the matter is prob
ably to remain one of the unsolved
mysteries.
Officials Arc All Innocent.
Applications for reductions in as
sessments were filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors by the Sierra
Investment Company on a lot 10©xl55
feet on Market street, near First, from
$273,000 to $165,000; O. F. Burns, lot
on northeast corner of Sutter and Lar
kin streets. $82,450 to $60,000; Sig
mund Schwabacher, lot on corner o€
Jackson and Gough streets, $41,580 to
$30,000; Flora Kalisky, lot on Sixth
street, near Stevenson. $26,950 to $20.
000; Benjamin H. Lichtenstein. lot on
O'Farrell street, near Mason, $32,880
to $25,000; lot on Eddy street, near
Leavenworth, $49,700 to $40,000;
Joseph Wores, southeast corner Mc-
Allister and Polk streets, ?34,180 to
$20,000; Isabella Wood, lot on Kearny
street and lot on Geary street, near
Hyde, ?10,l« to $72CC.
Want Assessments Reduced.
Mrs. Gertrude Hoffman, who lives
.it 128 Rincon place, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Mogan yester
day for the arrest of On Gong, a Chin
ese laundryman, on a charge of grand
larceny. She says she prepared the
washing for the Chinaman on Satur
day night and as she was to be out
of the city on Sunday she placed her
jewel box in the bundle of washing,
thinking it would be safe there till she
returned. The Chinaman called ior
the washing on Sunday instead of yes
terday and a lady friend gave it to
him.
Mr3. Hoffman went to the laun
dryman yesterday morning and he
handed her back the box, which con
tained about ?600 worth of jewelry,
but there were two diamond rings
missing. The Chinaman denied know
ing anything about them. On Gong
was arrested by Detective Anthony.
Mr>. Hoffman Leaves Jewel Box in
Laundry Bundle an'J Now
Mourns for Valuables.
SAYS OX GONG STOLE
TWO DIAMOND KINGS
A petition for a rehearing in the
case of Benjamin Stoll was filed in
the Supreme Court yesterday! The de
fendant shot Robert Blake, an assist
ant in the defendant's dental office in
the Phelan building in October, 1902.
At the opening of the trial in the Su
perior Court Judge Cook ordered the
jury to acquit before any evidence had
been introduced. The Supreme Court
has decided that such an order can
not be countenanced and has di
rected that Dr. Stoll be tried again.
The defendant's attorneys hope to get
the court to change its ruling.'
Stoll Wants a Rehcarinj*.
DUTCH HARBOR. Alaska r*\ X. A.. June
IS. 1!MM.— Name M. P. P. Rlls, native country
Denmark. I hereby beg report to Right Hon
ors hie Consulate* General Han Francisco that
th<» rnatter as follows: On June l<t. 4 (p. m.).
1001. my vessel on the way bound to Dutch
Ucrbor, in Alaska p*n. from Yokohama at
ti:e place In (latitude 51.00 north an! longaud;
ltT.Vi' west) I have discovered above men
tioned disableJ fcr^ipner In the fishing boat
«i.'.gt£ strons pale, who blow down towar-J
the vessel, is approarhinft about to drown. Sa
liireitly I make man&ife the vessel, prjperiy
without hesitcte. keep close to the ooat.
hardly rescued frcm the wre-k ar.d take him
on b;ard with paety. Elve suitable protection
before him and brought back to the Dutch
Harbor with the rasscL I have th» honor to b:
H. I. J.. Merchnnt Sailing Vessel Hipathi
Maiu. Master K. Tokurhige. M. P. P. R1I5.
To the Right Honorable American Consulate
General.
The following letter was received
yesterday at the o.Tlce of United
States District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth. It was addressed to "The
Honorable Consulate General of the
United States, San Francisco, Califor
nia":
Rescues Shipwrecked Sailor anil
Writes Graphic Letter to Ameri
can Consulate General.
MERITORIOUS ACT OF
.JAPANESE CAPTAIN
District Court Adjourns
Attorney PiHsbury refuses to dis
clore the contents of the will. It is
believed that much of the estate will
go to Mr?. J. L. Moody, an aunt of the
decedent, • and her daughters, Mrs.
Ray Sherman and Mrs. Douglas Wat
son. These are the only relatives of
the dead girl, but Miss Warren, her
closest friend, and Miss Helen Wagner
are probably mentioned In the will.
The body of Miss Bertha Dolbeer,
whose tragic death in Xew York City
last week shocked local society, is on
its way to this city and speculation is
now . rife as to what disposition the
young woman made of her estate.
Prior to her departure for Europe the
young woman made a will, but by
agreement with the Public Adminis
trator the will will not be filed until
after the funeral and meanwhile the
Public Administrator will not inter
fere.
I»rovidcs for Disposition of the Vast
Estate Ix'tt Her by Her
Father.
MISS pOLBEER MAKES
A WILL IN THIS CITY
IRON^OOD. Mich.. July 11. — The
home of Earl Walton, superintendent
of the Brotherton and Sunday Lake
iron mines at Wakefield, was de
stroyed by dynamite to-day. Portions
of the house and veranda were blown
200 feet, but the family, asleep up
stairs, escaped serious .injury.
Superintendent Walton has no idea
as to the identity of the perpetrators
of the crime or their motive. A strike
occurred at the mine in January ow
ing to a 10 per cent cut in wages.
Some of the old employes found their
places taken when the mines resumed
work. Sheriff Olsen has sworn in an
extra force of detectives.
Occupants of House Escape Uninjured,
Though Structure Is Blown
to Pieces.
DYXAMITE DESTROYS HOME
OF MIXE SUPERINTENDENT
The Joint committee will meet next
Monday night at 8 o'clock to consider
the amendments.
Braunhart said that a tax of So cents
on an assessed valuation of $500,000,000
would raise $4,250,000, and the income
from other source* would raise the total
t6 $6,000,000, or more than sufficient to
P8y the running expenses of the gov
ernment.
1 The second proposed amendment pro
1 vides that a new section be added to
article XII of the charter, to be num
bered section 15, to read as follows:
Whenever any water works gas works,
electric light works, steam, water or electric
P0«tr work*, telephone lines, street railroads,
or other public utilities shall be owned or
operated by the city and county of San Fran
cisco the earnings of each such utility shall
be kept In a separate fund and shall be ex
panded for the- following purposes and In the
following order: 1. To the current operating
expenses. 2. To Ihe maintenance oi the plant
and the repair and replacement of worn-out
machinery and material. 3. To the repayment
to the city treasury of moneys paid for ln
terebt and the redemption of bonds Issued for
the acquisition of such utility. 4. To a re
sctvc lurd. 5. To new construction. 0. To
the ceneral fund.
The reserve fund shall be constituted from
the surplus earnings of such public utility,
after providing for the payments under sub
division!* 1. 2 and 3 of this section. Such
surplus .Mrnlnes shall be paid Into the re
serve fund until such fund shall amount to
one-half of tbe payments under subdivisions
1. 2 and 3 for the preceding fiscal year, alter
which the surplus earnings may be set aside
by the Supervisors to the fund for new con
struction, or to t!w general fund of the city
and county. Whenever the earnings of any
public utility In any n>ca! year are in
efficient to meet the demands for the pur
poses set forth in subdivisions 1. 2 and 3. the
res-rrve lund may be used for the payment of,
Fuoh demands; ami should the reserve iund
b3 Insufficient to pay the fame then th? Board
of Supervisors mar appropriate from the gen
eral fund of the city and county a sum suf
ficient to meet such deficiency.
The provisions of section » of chapter I of
article XIII shall not apply to the fund of
any public utility or appropriation made
therefrom.
Any surplus remaining unexpended in said
public Improvement fund at the end of any
fiscal year shall be continued therein and b«
subject to appropriation for any of the public
Improvements above specified. The Super
visors in making the levy shall apportion the
taxes to the several funds.
The Supervisor* may levy an additional tax
for a public improvement fund to meet ap
propriations for the acquisition, construction
or extension of any of the works described In
article XII of the charter, or for the laying
of new pavements or the construction of new
st-wers In accepted streets, or for the erection
ot public buildings; but such additional taxes
shall not In any one year exceed the sum of
lft cents on each J10O valuation of property
assessed.
Supervisor Braunhart yesterday sub
mitted to the Board of Supervisors two
proposed charter amendments, which
were referred to the joint Charter
Amendment and Finance Committee
for action. The first amendment relates
to a modification of the dollar limit
clause in section 2 chapter I of article
3, providing for the tax levy so that 85
cents of the levy shall be used for the
payment of all demands upon the
treasury, exclusive of the tax of 7 cents
for the maintenance of the park and
also of the tax for interest and sinking
funds of any bonded Indebtedness.
This proposed amendment also pro
vides:
A most Interesting account of the
deliberations of the General Assem
bly of the Presbyterian Church re
cently held in Buffalo, N. Y.. was given
by the Rev. George G. Eldredse be
fore the Presbyterian Ministers' As
sociation yesterday morning. The
speaker described the "Church Forms"
which cume under his observation at
Westminster Presbyterian Church.
Buffalo. There the "forms" we^e so
elaborate that he failed to recognize
thtm as Presbyterian. The communion
table was placed high and the minis
ter knelt at the table when he entered.
"While it was true that the min
ister faced the people during
service, . the Rev. Mr. Eldredge
thought that he would soon for-
Fet to do so. Dr. Van Dyke said
Mr. .Eldredge, had called it a "Dolly
Varden" service, and he had further de
scribed the whole affair as "high fly
ing." Mr. Eldredge did not know when
to sit or when to stand. He had al
ways dreaded anything that went to
ward "formalism" and ritualism.
The association elected officers for
the coming six months as follows; The
Rev. W. J. Fisher, president: the Rev.
H. E. Hayes, vice president; the Rev.
James Woodworth, treasurer and sec
retary, and the Rev. C. C. Herriott,
Rev. George C. Eldredge and Rev.
E. E. Clark, executive committee.
Dr. Matthew announced that inquiry
had been made regarding Mr. Gross,
an inmate of the Almshouse, who, it
ha-3 been alleged, was at one time a
Methodist minister. Nothing had been
learned as to Mr. Gross having been
connected with the Methodist church
as a minister, but it was stated that
ho had probably at some time been n
preacher. He is SS years of age, and
Inquiry at the Almshouse developed the
information that he Is ailowed neither
sugar nor butter with his food, anil
his pillow and bed are hard and un
comfortable.
The association decided to take the
matter up at once and see that he has
whatever may be needed for his com
fort. The H«vJ A. C. Bane, the Rev.
i'r. Keast and the.Rtv. Dr. Brown
wore appointed *a committee to continue
an investigation into the matter and do
all in their power for the aged preacher.
The Rev. Edwin H. Hadlock of Mas
rachusetts, latelv created field secre
tary of the California Christian En
deavor Society's work, spoke before the
Congregational Ministers' Association
yesterday and told of the Increasing
influence of the society. The Rev. Dr.
Bare also spoke.
The Christian Church Ministers'
meeting was he!d In the Y. M.- C. A.
building yesterday and was largely at
tended. Rev. P. C. Macfarlane, presi
dent, was in the chair. A resolution
was unanimously adopted expressing
appreciation of s the faithful services
rendered by James B. Sayers as mis
sionary secretary of the City Board of
Evangelization. Dr. W. F. Richard
son of Kansas City and the Rev. B. E.
Utz r,-f Spokane addressed the meet
ing.
A "DOLLY VAItDEX" SERVICE.
The Rev. Dr. J. E. Scott of Ajmere,
India, who departs for Calcutta this
morning after a few weeks' visit to
the city, took leave of the Ministers'
Association. Bishop Harris will sail
for Japan on September 21.
LIFE I.V ALMSHOUSE.
Booker T. Washington spends for the sup
port of the Tuskegee Institute and the edu
cation of 1MO studtntu as much as the Freed
rr.an's Aid and Southern Education Society of
the Methodist Episcopal church is spending
for the support of forty-one institutions and
the education of 12,000 students. Neverthe
less Washington Is doing a splendid work lor
his people " and ought to be encouraged In It.
He has incurred the criticism of many In
telligent colored people because be has ad
vocated industrial education somewhat at the
expense of a literary training.
While there has been a great effort to
improve the condition of the colored people
since the war, yet with the means at our
command we have hardly kept pace with the
increase of the population. ¦ Those of the
colored people whem we have been able to
reach have responded nobly, and almost with
out exception they are leading good and hon
orable lives. The colored people of the South
who are giving trouble are those who have
not had the benefit of education. However,
there Is nothing to fear In the colored man;
if educated he is trustworthy. He Is with
out representation In the press and Is often
misunderstood and misrenorted.
As regards his social standing, that is
purely a personal matter. But the colored
people arc not arplring to social equality.
All the colored man wants Is a fair chance
with othar American citizens.
"There is nothing to fear in th*e col
ored man. If educated he is trust
worthy," said Dr. L. M. Dunton, presi
dent of Claflln University, Orange
burg, S. C, yesterday to the members
of the Methodist Ministers' Associa
tion, which met at Epworth Hall.
Discussing the question and describ
ing the education given at the univer
sity over which he presides. Dr. Dun
ton said:
The negro problem is one which is engaging
tbe attention of the thoughtful people of the
land. Education la what Is essential toward
their upbuilding. We are giving not only a.
literary but also an Industrial education in
our Institution, where we teach twelve dif
ferent trades.
Francis J. Burke, who is employed
In the City Hall, admits that he re
ceived a fee of 530 from Mrs. Mc-
Crystle a year ago to procure her di
vorce. He had just been admitted to
the bar and he says he soon became
fo entanjcled in the meshes of the law
that it was impossible to extricate
himself. He admits sending the inter
locutory decree but was reticent about
explaining how he obtained it. Kehoe.
Mrs. McCrystle's lawyer, came to the
city to settle the affair and told Burke
that Mrs. McCrystle would be satis
fied with the return of the 530. Burke
promised to send the money, but, being
hard pressed, failed to do so. He says
it is a proposition of giving the case
notoriety to enforce payment.
A few months ago 6he came to Hum
bo!«t and since that time Burke has
fcrwaxded her an Interlocutory decree
of divorce. She was under the impres
sion that the final decree would be
forthcoming shortly. Tu be sure of
her case she called upon Attorney "W.
Kehoe of this city and he decided upon
looking at the Interlocutory decree that
everything was regular, but as he
shortly after that went to San Fran
cisco, he looked Into the matter and
found that Mrs. McCrystle has been
duped. No such case had ever been
started In San Francisco and the de
cree was a bogus one. Kehoe called
upon Burke and confronted him with
the facts he had secured and Burke
acknowledged his duplicity and prom
ised to reimburse his victim. Mrs. Mc-
Crystle will not prosecute Burke un
less he fails to- make good all payments
she has made to him.
Specsal Dl5ratch to The Call
EUREKA. July 11.— There was filed
here Saturday a divorce suit which is
the sequel of an interesting story. The
euit in question is that of Frances Me-
Cry*tle vs. Charles McCrystle on the
grounds of extreme cruelty and intem
perance. Mrs. McCrystle formerly
lived in San Francisco and a year ago
secured the services of Frank Burke
in that city and requested him to bring
suit for divorce for her. Since that
time she has frequently paid Burke
surr.5 of money, and he has led her to
believe that he had begun the case and
wak prosecuting it for her In the regu
lar manner.
The grand ball and reception by the
Young Men's Institute of Vallejo to
night was a brilliant function. To
morrow evening a banquet to be given
by the Young Ladies' Institute will
take rilace in the banquet-room of San
Pablo Hall.- The excursion to Napa will
leave on Wednesday evening at 7
o'clock from the North Vallejo depot.
Frank M. Silva, an attorney of Napa,
will make an address of welcome to the
delegates at the pavilion.
Grand President Miss May Stein ex
pressed herself as greatly pleased with
the arrangements made for the enter
tainment of the visiting delegates, and
referred especially to the fine music at
St. Vincent's Church.
Grand President Mlw May Stein of San
Franct*co. praidin*: Past Grand President
Ml»s A. M. PotthofT of San Francisco, Firft
Grand Vice President Miss C. A. Terry of San
Francisco. Second Grand Vice President Miss
Mary Burke cf Eureka. Grand Secretary and
Treasurer Miss J. T. Malloy of San Francisco,
Assistant Secretary and Treasurer M!»» Nellie
Wftners of San Francisco. Grand Marshal MIes
McKnerney of Merced, Present Grand Marshal
Mins HanettI of San Francisco. Grand Inside
Sentinel Miss Nellie Smith of Grass Valley.
Grand Outside Sentinel Miss Loulw Louzon of
Virginia City. Nev. Miss Mary Mullaney of
Sacramento. Miss A. Sweeney of San Francis
co, Miss Mary Fitzjrerald of Eureka are com
mittee on credentials. Miss Lizzie McGuIre of
Vallejo. Mrs. Kittle Burks of San Francisco
and MIfs Agnes Cooney of Sacramento as the
press committee.
VALLEJO. July 11.— The twelfth an
nual session of the Grand Council of the
Young Ladies' Institute convened in
this city to-day. The first day was
opened by a solemn high mass being
celebrated at St. Vincent's Church at 9
a, m. Rev. Father Doogan was cele
brant, Rev. Father Ketterville was dea
con and Rev. Father Hunt of Benicia
was sub-deacon. The music was of an
impressive and beautiful nature, Mo
zart's "Twelfth Mass" being rendered
by a choir and the Mare Island station
orchestra playing the accompaniments.
After leaving the church the dele
gates proceeded to San Pablo Hall and
at 11 o'clock convened for business.
The following officers were present:
Legal Representative Ad
mits Charge and Says He
Cannot Explain Mistake
Designates How the Income
From Any Public Utility
Shall Be Used by City
Yallejo Citizens Are Hospi
table and the Week Will
Be Lively With Functions
FUND FOR IMPROVEMENT
Presbyterian Ministers Com
ment on Ritualistic Ob
servances Seen at Buffalo
NOT SEEKING EQUALITY
DELEGATES WELCOMED
ACCEPTED CLIENT'S FEE
Braunhart Wants Amend
ments to Modify the Dol
lar Limit ' of - Taxation
Eureka Woman Says Law
yer Secured Bogus Inter
locutorv Decree of Divorce
Dr. Dunton Speaks Before
Methodist Clergymen on
Colored Man's Education
Twelfth Annual Session of
Grand Council Formally
Opened by a High Mass
The wedding of Miss Grace Pinney,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. Pinney
of First avenue, to Arthur V.". John
son will occur to-day at the attractive
home of the bride.
A wedding that will interest Cali
fornians, and San Rafaelites in ¦ par
ticular, is that of charming "Winifred
Hester Macintosh and Robert Hewitt
Menzies, which occurred on July 7
at the summer home of the bride in
the Adirondacks. Hope was entertain
ed for some time by San Francisco
friends of both bride and groom thai
they might be given a chance to dance
at the wedding, but the fair bride de^
cided that her mountain home in the
East should be her nuptial hall.
Rev. John S. Macintosh, well re
membered by hosts of San Franciscans,
read the service that made the lovers
one. After the ceremony the happy
pair left for New York. It is thought
that the bride, who holds in her heart
a love for the home of her childhood,
will wander westward on her nuptial
journey. Where, indeed, could b»
found a fairer bower for honeymoon
ing than the rose-covered home of the
bonny bride over in S»n Rafael?
• • •
On Saturday Vallejo will be gay in
honor of the day. Admiral and Mrs.
McCalla yill entertain " a party of
friends at luncheon at their hospitable
home, and many of the officers' wives
will likewise entertain.
At no time were the naval set gayer
than now, each week bringing its quota
of hops, card parties and skimmings
over the blue.
For the maintenance of the home a
nominal sum will be charged for the
club's privileges with the view to mak
ing it partially self-supporting and
also that the sailormen be not pauper
ized by an institution that seeks to
elevate them.
It will be remembered that Admiral
McCalla laid the foundation for the
fund when he magnanimously contrib
uted his prize money won during the
Spanish-American war. To this sum
various individuals, clubs anti other or
ganizations gave various amounts,
thereby making the clubhouse for the
sailor laddies a possibility.
As the club stands to-day, the dom
inant figure of the countryside, it is
a fit gift to the sailormen. Its four
stories embrace sleeping apartments
for the men, well-equipped bathrooms,
a theater, a large dining hall, a j bil
liard-room, a library, a gymnasium
and all the accessories that go to make
an up-to-date clubhouse.
Out with your pretty frocks, maid^
and matrons — those of you who are
bidden to Vallejo on Saturday after
noon, when the Naval Club house, be
loved by all femininity, will be dedi
cated with a jubilation befitting the
triumph of its creation.
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla, projectors
of the clubhouse, will be toasted loud
and long on the day of the dedication,
not only by the "jackies," but by the
men and women who have lent a hand
— and many have lent both — to bring
the affair to successful .completion.
By Sally Sharp.
WOULD CHANGE
THE CHARTER
NEGRO PROBLEM
IS CONSIDERED
YOUNG LADIES
IN CONVENTION
SAYS ATTORNEY
DECEIVED HER
NAVAL CLUB
HOUSE WILL
BE DEDICATED
THE SAN >RANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, JULY 12,. 1904.
The United States District Court ha?
sdjourned until August 1 at 11 a. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GSAPE-inrrs.
WHEN YOU
You know one always feels "very
fit"' when the head and nerves swiny;
along peacefully and with that cer-
tain sen^e of power that is unmistak-
able.
BUT
when overwork or anxietv
break? down the soft gray matter in
the brain and nerve cells (anxiety
will do it quicker than overwork)
faster than the food you have been
using will replace it.
THEN
to save yourself from that
horror of darkness — nervous prostra-
tion — yon must change food and take
on some sure rebuilder.
THAT'S THE MISSION
OF
made of the selected parts of Wheat
Barley, containing the natural
Phosphate of Potash, which combines
with Albumen in the human body
and makes- the soft, grav filling of
the brain and nerve centers. Another
thing to be considered is that Grape-
Xuts food is "processed" in making
anJ the starchy parts converted into
a form of sugar exactly as the pro-
cess of digestion in the body, so
Grape-Nuts has really passed the
first act of digestion and therefore I
the food is quickly assimilated in the
most perfect manner bv babe or
athlete.
"There's a Reason."
Ctt tfce tittle book. "The Road tg Wellvllle."
fa each pWg.~
AMTJSE1LEXT3.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. IMMENSE SUCCESS
I £ IJBrO of A - c - Ountrr's
I fl Iffl I 1 Farr.fm? Drama.
¦WEILt MRJ P ES
mm NEW YORK
XEILL. COMP-T III- II I VIIIIV
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
THE COWBOT AND THE LADY.
SPECIAL SUMMER PRICES— 15c. 23c and 50c.
Best Reserved Seat in Orchestra. BOc.
rf*-"tl IllflQBA amwscr;
vULUmilA IEU1HEAT&
NIGHTLY EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAYS ONLY.
Charles Frohman Presents
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In Her Greatest Comedy Success,
COUSIN KATE
. By Hubert Henry Davis.
CALIFORNIA
£9 AZ.Ii THIS WEEK. j C&.
BARGAIN MATINEE SATURDAY.
25c and &Oc. 1 1
The Hilariously Funny Satire on I]
Politics. B
THE HON. 1
JOHN NORTH
By Herbert Bashford. il
Presented by our Favorite Comedian. 0
L. R. STOCKWELL. W
The man who has marie million!" Iruieh. rJ
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— Opening H
of Special Melodrama Season — "a *H
H THOROUGHBRED TRAMP." Special fg
Prices. . ;.
TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS OP
"A ZiXTCXT STO2TE."
A very funny musical cocktail In two acts by
Collln Davis and Frank Wltmirk.
Pronounced by press and public to be tbe acme
of all funny burlesques.
Instant success of our new company
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BAYES.
RICE AND CADY.
BOBBY NORTH.
KDWIN CLARK, .,•¦-
GARRITT SisTERS.
Packed to tbe last with new songs, specialties
and novelties.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
Next attraction— "THE WHIRL OF THE
-. ¦¦¦¦'I TOWN."
THE TOBZHS, BBAVSOW AVI) WIZ.ET
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Ereaiar m ta« Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MUSTIATUHE EZ.ECTKIC RAILROAD.
TWO YOTTO O LEOPARDS 12* THE 'OO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MOHT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
. Don't Fall to See ARGO.
/AMATEUR WIGHT THXTSSSAT. ¦
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN 5tf
retain tbe love and admiration
of her husband should be a
woman's constant study. If
she would be all that she may,
she must guard well against the
signs of ill health. Mrs. Brown
tells her story for the benefit of
all wives and mothers.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
will make every mother well, strong,
healthy and happy. I dragged through
nine years of miserable existence, worn
out with pain and weariness. I then
noticed a statement of a woman
troubled as I was; and the wonderful
results she had had from your Vege-
table Compound, and decided to 'try
what it would do for me, and used ii for
three months. - At the end of that
time, I was a different woman, the
neighbors remarked it, and my hus-
band fell in love with me all over
again. It seemed like a new existence.
I had been suffering with inflamma-
tion and falling of the womb, but your
medicine cured that, and built up my
entire system, till I was indeed like a
new woman. — Sincerely ycurs, Mbs.
Chab. F. Brown, 21 Cedar Terrace, Hot
Springs, Ark., Vice President Mothers
Clab.— $5000 forfeit If original ef about ktttf
freeing gtnulntntsi cannot te p rotfucetf.
1789= 1QO4
Fall of the Bastile
Mechanics' Pavilion
THURSDAY, JULY 14.
THE O3TC.Y CXa&EB&ATXOZr
UJIDEB TEH A17SPZCZS OX* THE
PBEJTCH SOCIETY.
I.itTary Kxerclsee 1:30 p. m. ; Games, etc.
Concert 8 p. m.
All Night Ball, 10 p. m.
ADMISSION — 25 cents.
EVENT2T0 — 50 cents.
5A-eent Tickets purchased la afternoon win
be honored at night.
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
Le Roy aad Clayton: Ertells and Bab«tt«
D'ArvUle; Cunnlnirham and Smith;
Harry Sceback; Orwa and Werner;
Lelsrh Brothers; ouilhan and at array;
Orpheum Motion Picture*, and
VALERIE BEBGERE AND COMPANY,
Presenting up to and Including Wednesday
evening, "BLLLIE'S FIRST LOVE" and for
the r*st of the week "HIS JAPANESB
WIFE."
Regular matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c 2So
and 5Oc. , •
TIN/ A I T°pe«v
1 1 VU LI houses
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
ROBIN ° c "Ht
HOOD s£&
Promeaalt Cirelt, 3d Floor, 8ooktn' P&r*4iii
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUNNING.
Usual Tirol! Prices— 23c. 80c. 73c.
Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
AT C\ A T A "O Belasco * Maytr.
ALCAZAR prssi.
_____ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
WHITE | And tta Alcazar Stock Co. |
1A/HITTLESEY
ct f* 15 A SCMPTC0C3 KE VIVAL 07 «ms^
HeartseasE
Cbas. Klein and J. I. C Clarke's Charming
Romantic Comedy.
ALL THE ORIGINAL MUSIC.
Ev£., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. £ Eat..23c to 50o
Next Monday— WHITE WHITTLESEY la
the Fascinating Romance.
THE PRISONER OF ZEND A.
CENTRAL'^
Market ft.. Bear Eighth. Phone South 5C3.
TO-NIGHT TalB "*¦••*• . •
The Tremendously Successful Comedy-Drams
¦¦*' * of Home Life.
ALONG THE MOHAWl
A Sensational Political Battle!
. A Thrilling Editorial Campaign!
A Pyrotechnical Election Day!
PDirTCi Evenings 10c to 50o
I AllCy Matinees 10c. 13c. 25a
Next — Mammoth Production of All Irish Plays.
~~»OBEBT EMMTET—^.
idldtC gee the beantifuj
j COURT Lounging
/Hill room, the EM PI R K
uuu parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
ifrfiflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U1IU LOR. and the LA-
n A ; rt i rt DIES* WRITING
Hotels *°<> M -
¦¦': AD VEBTISE3OLNTS.
_ For Infants and Children.
§ The Kind You Have
B^sl Always Bought
I AV^etablcPreparalionforAs- fl M
simulating theFoodandReguIa- M _^ , ff
UngtheStoicachsanlBo^Tlsor Jgj J_$0cirS tll6 ff \
k4 fflaMfl) gy^tffffTOTOS | q. , / {/ flj 1
ness and Rest.Contains neither § n r mL R %w
Opium.Morphine nor Mineral. jS vl £\\WJ
Not "Narcotic. : yi fliVYVi**
Aperfccl Remedy forCoustipa- 111 ll W % UOU
Fion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea 3| I \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- 1 I f_T P#%m Huaw
ness and Loss of Sleep. |y» |" Q j yYgf
Facsimile Signature of *|
NEW YORK. il I II I I I ¥ I U CllO
TM* CtNTiUK tOMMNY, NEW VOWH CITY.
__K§_r_?f ,*ri J f ft i - uL\ u ¦ * tS
To be a successful wife, to IJames B. Clifton, a Folsom convict,
appeared before the Supreme Court
yesterday on a writ of habeas corpus
in a proceeding to test the validity of
the practice of the prison officials in
computing the length of sentences.
The arguments of, both sides were
heard and the case was ordered sub-
TOitted on briefs. While a decision is
pending Clifton will remain at-'Fol
som:
The prisoner was sentenced to two
terms of five years each for burglaries
committed in Los Angeles about seven
years ago. The law provides that the
credits on a five-year term shall
amount to one year and five months.
On a ten-year term the credits amount
to three years and six months.
If . the prisoner's two sentences are
to be considered as one term he will
gain eight months in credits". The
question has never been decided and
many convicts will be affected by the
result of the proceeding.
Official Method of Computing, Credits
at State's Prisons Is Called Into
Question.
CONVICT JAMES CLIFTON /¦',
RAISES NEW LAW POINT
YOSEMITE, July 11.— Camp. Curry
became excited last night by the mys
terious disappearance of T. L. Brown
and his son of San Francisco., They
started at 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing without a guide to make a trip to
North Dome, about seven miles from
the camp and, not returning by* even
ing, a searching party headed by Mr.
Curry started out to find them. Search
was kept up all night with lanterns,
but without success. The party re
turned to camp early, this morning. The
lost ones strolled into_ camp at 10
o'clock this morning.
Brown , says he lost his way after
reaching the summit of North Dome
and was compelled to stay on top all
night without covering and the tem
perature down to almost freezings Twb
other' campers from Camp Curry, Al
len Bates of Palo Alto and Burt Cor
bin of Fair Oaks, who' went out' to
hunt for the Browns have not return
ed, N and*it is feared they have become
lost. \The campers are now preparing
to go and look for Messrs. Bates and
Corbin. ; This makes the third "party
that has started out from Camp Curry
this season without' guides and. became
lost. *
Results.
Tourists Leave Cam? Without a Guide
; Vi and Much Excitement ' J v
SEARCHING FOR LOST •
PARTIES IN YOSE3ITTE
First Race^Brush Up, Highborn,
Tommy Waddell.
Stcond Race — Sovereign, Honiton,
Lux Castle.
Third Race — Old England, Clover
land. Stolen Moments.
Fourth" Race — Highball, Knight Er
rant. St. Valentine.
Fifth Race— Tlie Cricket, Duke of
Kendal, Wild Thyme. lH?5
Sixth Race- — Lilac, Awakening,
Humo. "
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador, July H.— Two long
heavy earthquake shocks were felt here last
night and- also at several other towns In
the republic. - . -
Henry Monaghan, a quarryman
working at "Warren's camp, was se
verely injured yesterday by the pre
mature explosion of a blast. Monag
han had just taped down a charge of
black powder with the intention of
setting it off when from some unex
plainable cause it exploded, scattering
fragments of rocks in all directions.
One of these hit Mm on the head,
causing a deep lacerated wound and
a possible fracture of the skull. The
injured man was removed to the City
and County Hospital for treatment
Injured by Explosion.
The following officers were elected
at the last meeting of the Machine
Hands' Union:
President.' Edward M. Taylor: vice president.
George M. Randolph; recording secretary,
George Gill; financial secretary, J. Z. Smith;
treasurer, John W. Jones: trustees— Harry
Rule. Lee Weaver and D.- McLennan; delesatss
to Labor Council — Charles. Salllnger, West
Ccmpton and D.^McLennan:. delegates to Iron
Trades Council— D. J. Murray, Joseph Bower
jaau and E. M. Tarlor.
Reception committee — John W. Decker, G.
A. Hansen, - Kdward Jones. Joseph. Dun
ham. Reuben Curtis. J. W. Sullivan. D.
K. Cummings, - M. O. Carman, T. J.
Lynngreen, E. Endersen, L. . Freitsch,
William McGoldrlck, Thomas Cummins*. M.
Dalton Charles Hathaway, AjH. . Corliss and
.1 C. Williams. Printing-— ««V Hensen, J.
W Sullivan and J. C. Williams. Music — J.
W. Sullivan, J. C. Williams and Joseph Down
ham. Finance — G. F. McManus. J. W. Sul
livan, R. Curtis and M. de Barr. Games —
Frank Butler, William Baker (Judges), George
F. McManus (official starter), M. de Barr,
George Dunbar. John Tuite, M. J. Fitzgerald,
Edward Schneider, Richard Price, John Don
ovan William Carr. H. Wldemann. RInhold
Smith. M. Roach. Charles . Nelson, J. Fitz
gerald Hugh MacNamara, A. Macaoud, " U.
Ames. C. A. Hocltn. John Larson. M. F.
Shaushnessy. Peter Warner and R. K. Byrne.
Floor — Albert Orr. John Doyle, A. McCormac,
Kdward Rafterty. Paul Smith. Andrew Black.
Floor manager — Edward S. Kelly; assistant,
Charles Develln. Wheal of fortune— M. Kerr,
William McGoldrlck, D. Moriarity, T. J.
Lynngreen, J. A. Anderson, S. H. Mead,
Charles Odd. James Tappler. I Ernest Liuf . G.
W. Best. Richard Eastward,- C. D. ¦ Hattinr.
Louis Cuneo and E." Wetendorff. Gate — Wil
liam Pettingwell. A. McCall.* M. Holm, F.
Spencer, C. O. Nelson, Louis Wess, II. Atkin
son, I James | Shaw, George Martin. John Pool,
Antonc Stenquest. O. E. Byornuest. I. Isaac
son, Fernando Pearson. J. II. Wlrth, E. Nuber
and Fred Shearer. Judges of Jig dancing— R,
McDonald, J. A. E. McDonald and Thomas
Lynch.. . :
The following officers have been Installed
for the ensuing term — President. Joseph Down
ham: vice president. William Baker: recording
secretary, Georee A. Hansen; financial secre
tary, Reuben A. Curtis: treasurer. Edward
Jones; sergeant at arms. M. Dalton; trustees —
J W.- Sullivan. Louis Freitsch. D. K. Cum
mings. William McGoldrlck. Milc« Kehoe. J.
Lybgr'een and L Dunn; business agent. J. C.
Williams: delegates to City Front Federation—
J. C • Williams. Louis Freitsch and A. H.
Corliss. • - • : ,; ; >
Next Sunday is the day set apart
by the Longshore Lumbermen's Pro
tective Association for the annual pic
nic at Shell Mound Park. Prepara
tions on an extensive scale are being
made by the following committee ap
pointed for the purpose:
Elaborate Preparations Are Being
Made by Large Committee for
the Merry-Making.
No More Fights In Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 11.— Mayor Harrison
to-day declared that prizefights of
every sort, including contests under
the guise of "glove contests," must
cease in Chicago. He gave Chief of
Police O'Neill strict orders that the
mandate be enforced. Numerous ex
hibitions already arranged have been
called off.
Will Build Emperor's Yacht.
KIEL, July 11. — TheHerreshoffs of
Bristol, R. I., will get the contract to
build for Emperor William a duplicate
of the Americaii racing schooner-yacht
Ingomar, owned by Morton P. Plant of
New York.
LONGSHORE LU31BER3IEN
TO GIVE ANNUAL PICNIC
First Race — Lord Dixon, Tenny
burn, Bowling Bridge.
Second Race — Atlantlco, Outcome,
Prince Silverwings.
Thijyl Race — Warte NIcht, Bondage,
Action. . • '
Fourth Race — Tokalon, Flying Ship,
Ahola.
Fifth Race — Moorish Damsel, Jade,
Handzarra.
Sixth Race — Bummer, Don't Ask
Me, Alma -Dufour.
CHICAGO SELECTIONS.
Los Angeles Boys Lose.
ST. I*OUIS, July 11.— In the Olympic
basket ball championship games at the
Stadium to-day the German Y. M. C. A.
of Buffalo defeated the Turner Tigers
of Los Angeles by a score of 18 to 6.
First« Race— Prenkness, Wortliing
ton. Lovable. / ,
Second Race— Mr. Dade, Layson,
Erin Lee- *
Third Race — Bcnsonhurst, Alice
Turner, Royal Deceiver.
Fourth Race — Jack Young, Taby
Tosa, Flying Torpedo.
Fifth Race— Goo Goo, Nettie Re
cent, Boaster. .
Sixth Race — Our Lillie, Trapsetter,
Martin.*. v
FAIR GROUND SELECTIONS.
Williamson was a pitcher of the
Providence baseball team and was in
the box in a game with the Cherry
Hill team at Cherry Hill, Md.,'on'Sat
urday. While at the bat he was struck
on the head by a swift ball. Mrs.
Williamson, who is only 16 years of
a^e, was a witness of the accident- ¦'
PHILADELPHIA, July 11. — Hiram
Williamson, 23 years of age. of Prov
idence, Md., died to-day in the Uni
versity Hospital as a result of being
hit by a pitched ball. His bride of
two weeks sat in anguish beside his
cot.
Hiram Williamson lilt by Sphere and
Dies in Pr«*ence of His
Young Bride.
BALLPLAYER SUCCUMBS .
TO INJURIES ON FIELD
BISLEY. England. July ll.— The an
nual meeting of the National Rifle
Association opened here to-day with"
every promise of success. The com
petitions, which are spread over a fort
night, have attracted very large en
tries, including two women members
of rifle clubs. The prize list aggregates
$30,000.
The council of the National Rifle As
sociation meets to-morrow to 'decide
on the disposal of the Palma trophy.
It is thought that It probably will be
handed over to the custody of the
Canadians, who won it In 1902.
sociation Attracts Many
Entries.
Annnal Meet of the National Rifle As-
MARKS3IEX BEGIN* SHOOT
AT BISLEY, ENGLAND
The general object of the organ
ization will be the beautlfication of
the city. The organization intends to
begin with Geary street by changing
it into a beautiful boulevard stretch
ing from Kearny and Market streets
to the Cliff House. This will necessi
tate the removal of the car tracks on
Geary street and the repaying, re
lighting and beautifying of that thor
oughfare and its continuation. Point
Lobos avenue.
Geary street has been given the
preference for this change because of
the slight grade to be encountered In
the laying out of a fine driveway. »
A meeting of prominent business
and professional men was held last
night for the purpose of organizing
a club whose object will be the im
provement and changing of Geary
street and Point Lobos avenue into a
beautiful boulevard. At the request
of Dr. "I. B. Dalziel the members met
at his office, 605 Golden Gate avenue,
and discussed various \vay3 of bring
ing about the change. It was decided
to hold a meeting for the election of
officers next Thursday. At that meet
ing steps will "be taken to lay the pe
tition before the Board of Supervis
ors.
Organization for Purpose of Beautify
ing the City Holds Its First
Meeting.
TO CIL\XGE GEARY STREET
INTO GRAND BOULEVARD
MOUNT WASHINGTON, N. it..
July II. — Five times the record was
smashed in the hill climbing automo
bile competition to-day. The contest
was one of a series arranged by the
White Mountain Good Roads Im
provement Association and was over
a measured course of eight miles with
a grade varying from 5 to 20 degrees.
The record "for the distance, 48 min
utes 59 seconds, was made by Oscar
Westman three weeks ago. This time
was cut down repeatedly to-day, but
F. E. Stanley of Newton, Mass., with
a six-horse gasoline machine, made
the best run of the day, his time being
31 minutes 15 seconds.
F. E. Stanley Drives Motor Car Up a
Steep Grade in Sensational
Time.
HILL CL1MBLXG RECORD
IS BROKEN FIVE TIMES
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at the Fair
Grounds follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Worthlngton
10S, Suave 1C0. Rosecourt 106, Happy Chappy
10(J. Tally H 103. Ivernia 102, Kiss Quick 102,
Lady Idris 101. Jimalong 99, Phlora 07, Lov
able 97. Lustlg 95, Preakness 05. Bountiful SS,
Debbie May SU.
Second ra,ce. five furlongs, maidens — Shadow
Prince lf?5. Colonel Preston 105. Caubeen 105,
Beknighted 10.1. Mr. Dale 105. Ksteplatz 10T».
Layson 105, OUIe Burnett 102,. Erla Lee 102.
Verandah 102, Voitage 102. Dave Stahl 102i
His Worship 102, Covlna 100. Beaterling 100.
Third race, fix furlongs, selling — Irby Ben
nett 110, Lord Quex 110, Louis Wagner 110,
Royal Deceiver 107 Ammon 107, Alice Turner
105. Snrdian 105. Darnivan 10fl. Miss Man
ners 103, Lady Felix 103.. Golden Light 102,
Bensonhurst 100, Bomblno 96, Basgerly 91.
Fourth race, ' one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Flying Torpedo 103, Taby Tosa 100,
Jack Youni? 1C2.
Fifth race, one and three-eighths miles, sell
ing — Boaster 105, Memphlan 103 Nettle Re
gent 100, Miss Ecn 98. Goo Goo 98.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Hilee 111.
Kvening Star 107. Sid Silver 105. King Rose
105, Lasso 104, Dolly Grey 103. Goody Two
Shoes 10.J, Joe, Goss 102, Blissful 100, Martins
90, Trapsetter 94, J. W. O'Neill 91, Our Lll
lle 91.1
Weather rainy; track sloppy.
ST. LOUIS KXTRIES.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. ,
PHILADELPHIA, July 11.— A base on balls,
a double and a Eingle won the game for the
'locals in the eighth. Attendance. 1900. Score:
R. H. B.
Washington 1 g j
Philadelphia 3 7 1
Batteries— Jacobwa and Klttredge; Plank
and Powen.
CLEVELAND. July U. — Cleveland and Chi
cago (flayed a postponed game this afternoon
at Chicago. The game was called at* the end
cf the eighth to allow both teams to catch a
train. Attendance, 1400. 'Score:
' , R, H. E.
Cleveland 1 3 2
Chicago .' 11 17 3
Batteries — B^rnhard, Heas and Abbott; Smith
and McFarland.
NEW TORK, July 11.— New York defeated
Begton to-day easily. Tannehill waa batted
•ut cf the box In the flr»t Inning. Attendance
4500. Score:
»;' „ , R- H. E.
New Tork 10 16 1
Boston 1 8 1
Batteries— Powell and McGulre; Tannehlll
Gibson and Farrell.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 11— The locals hit Garvin
freely and haa no trouble in making it four
ftraijrhl from the Brooklyn team. Wicker
*raf> forced to retire on account of an injured
arm. The carr.e was called on Recount cf
<Jarknesy. Attendance. 1800. Pcore;
~. R H E
Chicago 4 7 2
Brooklyn 2 4 1
Batteries— Wicker. Brown and Kllng; Garvin
• nd Hitter. Urr.r-lre— Moran.
PITTSBUr.G. July 11.— Pittinger pitched a
fod game, but errors behind him deprived him
of any change of winning he may have had.
Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Pitisburg 10 jft o
Boston 4 12 «
Batteries— Leever. Phelps and Smith: Plt
tiriger. Fisher and Needham. Umpire — John
etor.e and Carpenter.
ST. LOUIS. July 11.— The New Tork-St.
Louis National League game was> po»tpon<>d
on account cf rain.
(National L*ajrue> : (American L#a*rue )
W. L. Pet. w. U Pet.
New Tork...52 IS .743 Boston 45 23 .CC2
Chicago 42 26 .CIS New York. ..41 26 «;12
Cincinnati ..S3 2S .5S2 Chicago ... .4.5 20 5ft7
Pittsburtr . . .38 30 .532 Cleveland . . .35 29 .547
St. Louis :>4 34 .&UO Philadelphia. 35 02 523
Boston 27 44 .380 St. Louis 2S 'M .4MS
Brooklyn 23 4<> .379 Detroit . . 28 38 4"4
Philadelphia. 17 50 .254 Washington. .12 54 183
Pittlnger Pitches a Good Game for
Boston, but Errors Blast
His Chances.
STANDING OF THE CLVBS.
CHICAGO MAKES IT FOUR
STRAIGHT FROM BROOKLYN
lessen the element of luck and permit
of an owner competing In several races
regardless of the time made by his>
yacht.
The club members will meet next
Wednesday night to discuss the ques
tion, and the most Interesting meeting
in the history of the club will result.
Collier will offer an amendment to hia
rules that will undoubtedly Improve
them. Under the amendment any boat
failing to come first or second after
participating in three trial races will be
dropped from the competition.
The cud race held last Sunday wa3
the most successful since the organiza
tion of the club. No records were
broken, but competition was keen, and
in the final race the boats were only a
few seconds apart. On Monday the
Piute won everything in sight. She won
the final and both trial races and made
the best time for the day.
A comparison of last year's boats and
those built this year shows that the old
ones are fully as speedy as the new.
Of the latter the Santee, owned by
Tood & Adams, and the Fannie, owned
by the Collier brothers, have been the
most successful. The Fannie has shown
considerable speed, but has been out of
luck. The Santee has already won sev
eral races.
Under- the official racing roles only
boats that finish first and second In a
trial race qualify for the final race.
Many complain that this Is an Injus
tice. They contend that It Is too far to
go and carry a boat to be beaten In the
first race and put out of the competi
tion in less than five minutes, Thl»
"freeze-out" system certainly works s>
hardship on the owners of lnferloi
boats or boats out of luck, of which
there is a considerable element. Then
is one spot on the lake that Is sheltered
where boats frequently are becalmed
If the owner of a model Is unfortunate
enough to meet with this mishap he &
put out of the running for the day.
Collier's racing rules will do nYStch
more to encourage the sport than the
old rules. His idea is to average th»
time of the models and the one with
the best average time for the day ii
awarded the pennant. This plan will
The Question of radn* rules la ths
one occupying the minds of zno4«l
yacht owners at present. Tha rales set
forth In the by-laws of tha San Fran
cisco Model Yacht Club have not been
entirely satisfactory, and tha members.
are anxious If possible to Improve
them. To that end William Collier'*
new system has been tried and In the
main has been successful. Some of, th»
sailors of the small craft are opposed to
it, but a majority think It Is an Im
provement on the old system.
In the afternoon he boxed four
rounds each with Danny Danziger and
Frank Newhouse. Bag punching and
shadow boxing completed his work for
the day. Nelson looks big and strong
and says he could go into the ring at
a few days* notice. He likes the cli
mate here and finds it much easier to
reduce than he did at the ocean beach.
He will have no trouble making the
weight and, barring accidents, will en
ter the ring on the 29th fit as a fiddle.
Battling Nelson is working like a
Trojan at "Smiling" Metzner's tavern.
Larkspur, for his coming bout with
Eddie Hanlon. He was on the road
bright and early yesterday morning
and jogged eight miles with Ted Mur
phy, his trainer, and Dave Barry, who
is soon to meet Harry 'Foley at Los
Angeles. He" returned looking as fresh
as a rose.
"The weight that I am to meet Nel
son is 130 pounds at six o'clock and
I am conceding some avoirdupois to
him, as I lost weight while in the East
ern States and will have to build up
to make the weight allowed in the ar
ticles. I will begin my work with short
runs on the road and easy boxing. I
am in fair trim now and feel that I
will experience no difficulty in getting
into first-class condition for my next
battle."
Eddie Hanlon went into camp at
Croll's Gardens, Alameda, yesterday to
prepare himself for his fight with Bat
tling Nelson that is billed to take place
on Friday evening, July 29. Eddie has
fitted himself for his most important
contests at Croll's Gardens and it was
like reaching home when he arrived
there yesterday.
With Hanlon are his boyhood friend,
Toby Irwin, who will meet Jack Cor
dell in one of the preliminaries to the
Hanlon-Nelson bout, Fred Landers
and Frank McDonald. The veteran
trainer, Billy Delany, is expected to be
a frequent visitor at Eddie's training
quarters and will be behind the little
fellow when he puts up his mitts in
front of the conqueror of Martin Can
ole. In speaking of his training plans
Hanlon said:
McClellan withdrew his objeotion to
the granting of the permit to the Yo
eemlte Club In view of an affidavit
filed by Harry Corbett that the club
has a gymnasium at 5 Larkin street
and a membership of 320. Boxton ob
jected to granting the permit, claim
ing the club had fixed up a gymnasium
within the hour and that it did not
comply with the ordinance. Boxton
ridiculed the gymnasium ' in serious
\-eln, which made his colleagues laugh
audibly. EggerB. the third member of
the committee, made a strong plea for
the Yosemlte Club.
The resolution received ten votes in
favor and six against.
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
granted a. permit for an amateur box-
Ing exhibition on July 22.
When It vas tipped along th« line
that Coffroth landed the plum the wise
contingent looked wiser still, for the
majority of the sports were of the
opinion that the Tosemite Club would
eventually win out. So Jim Jeffries
and Jack Munroe will battle for' the
world's championship under the aus
pices of that organization after all.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
granted to the Tosemite Club the Au
gust permit for a professional boxing
exhibition. The majority of tha Police
Committee, consisting of Boxton and
2IcClelian, had recommended that the
permit be sivea to the Hayes Valley
Club, which also has the July priv
ilege.
Jimmy Britt and Eddie Hanlon may
meet to settle their long-standing
grudge in this city ere many moons
have waned. The Hayes Valley Club
is hot after a match between the two
native sons and even now a represen
tative of that organization is on his
way to Los Angeles to undertake the
task of talking the conqueror of Cor
bett Into mixing it with Hanlon.
When' Eddie made a proposition a
short time ago for a matoh with Britt
many seemed to think the matter a
joke. But the promoters of the Hayes
Valley Club evidently imagined that
there was a chance. Manager Morris
Levy and his able assistant, Billy
Roche, have not said a great deal, but
they must have been thinking some,
otherwise they would not have gone
to the expen.se of sending a man all
the way to Los Angeles to bring the
boys together.
George L. North, well known in
sporting circles, has been deputized to
try and coax Britt into a match with
Hanlon. He left for the south last
night with instructions to sign the
men at all costs for a twenty-round
go in this city in September. It is well
known that Hanlon is just aching for
a chance to try and wrest Britt's
laurels from him, but the latter may
not be willing to accommodate him.
North has been instructed to sign
the men for 60 per cent of the receipts
and Britt is to receive a 5 per cent
bonus for signing up. The question of
the referee will be settled later and a
side bet may be made should the boys
agree to do battle. The boys will be
asked to make 130 pounds at 6 o'clock.
Manager Levy did not have a whole
lot to say about the proposed scrap
and triedto pass it all off. Billy Roche
would have it appear that he is also
skeptical, but nevertheless they enter
tain fond hopes away down deep in
their hearts. Britt has theatrical en
gagements in August, but he may pos
sibly sidestep the Jrin if he sees more
money in sight by fighting Hanlon.
William Collier Offers a
Suggestion and Others
Look on It With Favor
Promoters Keep the Matter
Quiet and Hope to Match
Champion With Hanlon
Jeffries and Munroe Will
Xow Be Able to Meet if
Nothing Serious Happens
Eddie Avers He Will Have
to Build Up in Order to Be
Strong When Bell Eings
SIXTH RACE^ — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. -Horse. Weight, Jockey St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Thane. 108 (W. Fischer). 2 1 20 1 15
5 to 1— Gaslighter. 108 (Neely)... 4 4 8 2 6
4 to 1— Elie. 01 (H. Anderson)... 1 2h 3 5
Time, 1:53. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Milam & Co.'s ch. g. (5) by Athely-
Stone. Crop. Handsplnner 00. Wlssendlne 105,
Imboden 100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. *i Fin.
3 to 1— Lady Savoy, 107 (Trxlr). 3 3 1^14
6 to 5 — Useful Lady, 103 (Flschr) 1 1 h 2 h
25 to 1— Garrett Wilson. 106 (Fly) 2 4 13 3
Time, 1:04 J^. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Gerst's br. f. (2) by Morion-Lady
Uyr. Deceiver 106, Monaco Maid 103, Gay
Adelaide 103. Colonel White 106, finished as
named.
Time, l:4f!Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Trotter's b. g. (5) by Appomattox-
Forget-Me-Not II. Just So OS, Ancke 102.'
Montebank 108, Commodore 101, finished aa
named.
Time, 1 :21\ Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, B. Schrelber'g ch. f. (3) by Balgowan-
Miss Baker. Mon Chere 100, Grief 100. Modoc
107. Huguenetta 100. Muscovolr 102, Triple
Silver 105. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. ?i Fin.
12 to 1— C. Thompson, 1C3 (Trxlr) 1 11 HI 4
5 to 2— Ccpperfield, 102 (Booker). 3 2 1V42 1
7 to 2— First Mason, 114 (Watsn) 5 4 3 3 6
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
o!da:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Amberita, 100 (Fischer)..- 6 2 5 1 Vi
2 to 1— Miss Gomez. 100 (Davis).. 4 1124
4 to 1— YeU Hammer,105 (Dlcksn) 7 3 6 3 6
SECOND RACE — One mile and seventy
yards; thre«-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Reglna D.87 (Vanderbut)lO 1 2 14
S to 1— Mohave. 02 (McLaughlln) 9 2 '3 2 h
30tol — E. Walters, 00 (Leder).. 4 31 3 4
Time, 1:4S>£. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. C. Strauss & Co.'s ch. f. (3) by Tammany-
Gold Wing. Julius Werner 110. George Vivian
07, Dr. Rlley 07, Jake Weber 107, Leenja 100,
Eleven Bells 05, Uranium 103, Lady Matchless
OS. Feronea 08, Exapo 100. finished as named.
ST LOUIS, Mo., July 1:— Charlie
Thompson liked the wet track at the
fair grounds to-day and won the fea
ture race from the best horses here.
Copperfleld, the favorite, never had a
chance to win;
Thane won by at least a city block
in the last race. Attendance BOO. The
track was muddy after the second
race. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-old»:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to l^Floridor, 110 (Watson) 3 la 13
H to 1— Pink Marsh, 105 (Neely).. 4 3121
7 to 2— Torlo, 107 (Troxler) 2 5 ft 3 h
Time. 1:C8. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. Oots Bros.' ch. c. (D) by Henry of N»
varre-Floretta II. Remington 107. Frank Ri»
aer,lO7, Mongis 107. Bustler 107. J. Reltt 102,
Anyway 100. finished as named.
NEW YORK. July 11. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Brighton
Beach follow:
First race, 'five and a half furlongs— Pink
Carter 101», Tommy Waddell 1<>7, Jerry C 107,
Brush Up 104, Bob Morrison ie:{, Prince
Joseph 102. Ike S 102, Jack McKeon 102 Fra
Filllpo 102. Blue Coat 102. Fleur de Marie 00,
Benlala O'J. Tarpon 07. Highborn 04, Little
Buttercup 01, Winchester 94.
Second rac«?. six furlongs — Homestead 115.
Merry England 115. Grand Opera 115, Carroll
It 115. South Trimble 115, Escurlal 115, New
York 115. Sovereign 115. Plttacus 112 Tom
Lawson 112. Young Henry 112, Neither One
110, Sunderlandg 110, Lux Casta 110, Honl
tcn 104.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles— Old
F.r.gland 108. Forward 108. Cloverland ION,
Citiclnnatus 106, Ethics 1OU Hello 1<I4. Stllicho
103. Gold Dome 100, Nine Spot 10U Stolen
Moments 101. Palm Reader 09. Baikal 08.
Flj-mmula »«, St. Breeze 04, Hydrangea SI.
Nnmtor 100. 1
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, Sea
gate stakes — Knight Errant 110, Gold Saint
111'. St. Valentine 110, Highball I2G, Tom Cod
114. Fiammula 100.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, handt
cir — Dv.ke of Kendal 120, Gold Money 120. The
Cilckft 120. Wild Thyme 115,'lllyrla 109.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Glen
Echo 110. Long Dan 110, In the Dark 110,
Hacino 110, Gowanus 110, Bill Bailey II 110.
Only One 110, Humo 110, Knight of Weston
1H». Aucass'.n 110. Otsego 110, Perry McAdow
110, Lilac 107. Senapee 107, Awakening 107,
Flinders 107.
Weather clear; track fast. /
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth;
purse for maiden fillies and mares; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
Even— Marmee, lit) (Carmack). . .5 2 3 1 «
7 to 1— Chattah, 110 (Wonderly). .7 7 'j 2 1
7 to 1— Belle of Portld, 110(H.Coch)l. In 3 1
Time. 1:40 3-5. Start lair. Won easily.
Winner. T. L. Watty ch. f. by Mirthful-Pri Je
cf Montrone. Bristoe. Roaie Dlnhan. Mutiny,
Black Sock«,, Channel finished' as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
purse for two-yenr-olds:
netting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
N to 5 — Britisher. 110 (O'NelH). . .3 1 '/i 1 'Mi
7 to 5 — Von Tramp, 105 (Krdfern). .1 2 1 2 n
S to 5— Jonquil. 112 (l£ildPbran<l)..+ 0 2 3 3>i
Time, 1:07 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Drake's) br. c. by Plaudit-British
Blue Blood. Austin Allen. Black Prince, Aih
berjack. Migraine, Campo, Preen'.-, Glowstar
finished ao named.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; the Dir;»to«
stakos for fillies; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
Ev«.-n — Tradition, 122 (Lynn) 4 2 1 13
10 to 1— Thirty-third. 105 (Burn?).. I 1 .1 2 S
4 to 1— ChrysitK 122 (O'XelU). . .5 3h 3 h
Time, 1 :01 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. Pagei's b. f. by Goldflnch-Reclare.
Intrigue. Diamond Fluth. Schulamlte finishel
as named. y
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting, rlorse. Weight, Jockey. St. •*•; Fin.
'.» to 10 — Hurst Park,12t;<J.Mrtln) 3 2 3 1 2%
7 to 1— Brigand, 00 <HiI<i?brand) 4 4 2 h
0 to 5 — Kug. Burcli.11.5 (H.Phlll) 13 2 3 5
Tim*. 2:05.2-.".. Start eood. Won easily.
Winner, M. Corbet fs ch. c. by Klngston-
Editha. Hlm.'eif a!so ran.
An early pacemaker was Thirty
third, owned, by Captain S. S. Brown,
and for three furlongs it was a prob
lem as to whether she would "come
back." Tradition was within reason
able distance and when they reached
the home stretch she began to mow
down the leader. As resistless as the
walking beam cf a great steamer was
Tradition's fine stride and she won by
three lengths, while Chrysitis, hemmed
in at the turn, did not escape the pock
et in time to catch Thirty-third. In
trigue, who lost ground in the early
part of the race, closed -at the end.
The stake was worth $2400 to the" win
ner. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-oMs and uj>:
Bolting. H..rFf. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Rofhamrton. 113 (Cole). « 3 2 1 1&
16 to 5— Ixtolu. H7 (C. Phillips). 2 2 Vi 2 1V4
8 to 1— Julia M. 07 (Donlon) 4 11 3 2'
Time, 1:11. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. G. FollBTisbee's ch. h. by Bathampton-
Agnes Flash. Monster. Tcp*e. Glad Tidings.
Knob Hamilton, Inquisitive Girl. Dr. Loder
and Mary Glen finished as named.
SECOND RACE — About two and a half
miles; stt-eplechase handicap; four-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1 — Noponset, 140 (Ray)."... 2 1115
10 to 1— Rnyplle, 133 (W. Ilelder) 6 2 1>42 20
15 to 1— Gasc-ur, 137 U. O'Brien). 8 4 h 3 6
Time. 3:11. Stnrt coed. Won easily. Win
ner. T. E. Mannis 1 ch. g. by Meddler-Little
Lady II. Flying Buttress. Black Death. Santos
Dumont, Siher Twist and I^ady Golightly
finished as named.
BRIGHTON, BEACH, July 11.—Near
ly every winner to-day stood out aa
best horse in his respective race aiid
as favorite after favorite rolled home
in front in the last four races, all at
short odds, players of public form left
the course inflated with the idea that
they can pick winners every day.
How long that notion will last - re
mains to be se4n. Distaff was the only
stake of the day. It was for fillies,
with conditions such as to require the
winners to carry high imposts. The
favorite was Tradition, who had made
an excellent impression by her victory
in the Vernal stake at Sheepshead
Bay.
CHICAGO, July 11.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Harlem are
as follows:
> First race, five furlongs, maidens — Rathskel
ler HV{. Gleeman 1US. Roycrcft IIS, Capltanazo
118. Eckpr«ill 112. Bowling Bridge 114. Bon*>
braUe-tll. Judge Traynor 112. Tennyburn 10S
Walsh ri2. Jack Lory 114. Bonnie Prince Char
lie lt«. l,ord Dlxon 108. Rams Horn 116, Tom
Shelly 10U. Rather Royal 103.
Second race, one mil« — Nitrate 114, The Lady
104, Rabunta 100. Atlantlco US, King Ellsworth
107. Outcome 102, Prince Silverwlngs 1C5.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles han
dicap — Warte Nictat 100. Beau Ormonde 110,
l!r.m-;r Hiii. Huzzah OS. Bondage 100. Action
102. Ahola 02.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Orfeo Oft,
Ahola 07, Sam Sam 101. Fred Leppert OS. Ac
tion 110. Flying Ship 101. Tokalon 00. Talpa
103. A. D. Gibson 101.
Fifth race five furlongs — Lou Reid 100. Jade
J00. Plreila 10U. Gertie Allen 100, Effie M ICO.
Slss I.. «¦ 100. Regale 100. Handzarra 107. Moor
ish Damsel 104.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Harfang 03,
Don't Ask Me 10S. Alma Dufctir 103, Hudson
00. Valeat 102. Federal 105, Celebration 100,
Brand New 02 Fre^slas S4, Foresight 10:1.
Louisville 05). D. L» Moore 103. Bummer II 107,
Bill Massie 101, Cardinal Wolsey 103.
Weather clear; track fast.
IIATILKM TRACK EXTKIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling; ' three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Ilorso. Vv'elpht, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2 — Joe Lesser, 107 Hoarsen). 4 3 "i 1 •»
10tol-r Maj. Alanslr. HX> (Aubn) 7 4 3 2 3
13 to 1— Lacy Crawford. OS(Xieol) 2 2 1 3 Hi
Time, 1 :54 ;;-S. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. II. D. Beams & Co.'s b. g. (C) Whit
rey-Hermie. Edward Hale 02, Schoolmate 101
Crestfallen ICO. Black Wolf 06, Horton 10C,
finished as r.smtl.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three
ytar-olds and up; selllne:
netting. Horse. V.Vight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Rag Tag. Ill (Knapp).. 12^1 3>^
10 to !— Mayor Johnson, 100(Nlol) U In 2 n
00 to 1 — Klelnweod. 100 (Fcicht). 8 6 3 3 Hi
Time, 1:112-5. Htart straggling. Won
?¦aslly. Winner. James Curl's b. h. (5) by
Margmve-Re K alia. The Mighty 10*. Sylvia
Talbot 1O>, Mansard 108, Jifn Halo 103, finished
as r.a.Tied.
FOUKTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; three-year-olds and hj>:
netting. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
11 to '20— McGee. 114 (ganger)... 3 12 1^
2to J — Witfu), 107 fHelReren). 4 2 2Vj2 0 .
l(i to 1— Bragg, 111 (Knapp) 2 3 8 3 7
Time. 1:40 3-5. Start koccI. Won easily.
Winner. K. Corriran's h. h. (4) by White-
Knight-Remorse. Harrison 10'J also ran
THIRD RACE— Steeplechase short course;
handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. "i Fin.
4 to 1— Cardigan. 133 (Bates)..'.. 1 2.1 15
4 to l—r>r.. Nowlln. 144 (Boyle).. 3 1 h 2 5
15 to 1— Falella. 138 (Pemberton). 5 4 25 3 20
Time. 3:34. Start good. Wen easily. Win
ner, II. Flippen's b. g. (5) by. Beldemonio-
Criraea. John E. Owens 133, Fullback 12». fln-
Irhed a? named. Leo 1'lanter 151» fell. Creo
lin l.'S7 Jost rider.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horae, Weight. Jockey St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Woods Perry. 02 (Orega'r) 6 44 14
,*? to 7— Olympian. Ill <Larsen).. 3 12 2h
15 t° 1— Jackfull, 101 (Greenfield). 11 7 4 3h
Time, 1:14 3-5. start fair. Won easily.
\\ Inner. Turner Bros. 1 b. g. (3) by Captain
SlKsbes-Feronlca. Dusky 00. Handy Cross 111,
Great Eastern 93. Nellie Waddell-*«1, Marco
101, Bay Wonder 100. Clarence Montague 102,
\ inctidep 109, finished as named.
This left Cardigan' and Nowlin the
only real contenders. They turned into
the main track on even terms, but
Cardigan easily drew away "when called
upon and won unextended by five
lengths. McGee had no trouble in dis
posing of his field in the 1 1-16 mile
event, the feature race of the day.
Four favorites won during the after
noon. The track wal in good shape.
The weather was cloudy and threaten
ing. Attendance was unusually large,
for "wash-day." Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: '
I \° £~ Flor entine. 107 fHelgesen) 1 1 2«l 1
3 to 2— CiKarllghter, 107 (Knapp) 4 5 1 2 4
4? " Pjiance « D 'Hn 100 (Olpht) 6 4 13 1
Time, 1:08. Start good. Won easily. Win
?,*r r> , S- Sl Br °wn's b. c. by Ben Strome-FIorio.
, J? l r Arnol d 103, Dlxella.lOO, Rain Witch
100, finished as named.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Creolin and Leo
Planter, well backed first 'and second
choices, were the only ones which met
with' mishaps in the steeplechase, one
of the drawing features of the Harlem
card to-day. Creolin was backed from
3 to 1 to 13 to 5, and was post favorite.
He was out to f ront fencing perfectly
when he stumbled at the fifth fence,
throwing Jockey McHugh. Leo Plant
er and Dr. Nowlln then took up the'
running, but at the final leap the
former struck his forefeet and turned
a complete somersault, Seaton escap
ing uninjured.
BOTH BOYS CONFIDENT
B0XT0N MAKES A FIGHT
PEESENT ONE IS UNFAIBt
GOOD PUESE IS OFFERED
Supervisors Switch Again
and Award the Plum to
the Coffroth Contingent
Navigators of 3Iodel Yachts
Desire a New System to
Be Adopted by the Club
Hanlon and Nelson Settle
Down to Train for a Long
and a Strenuous Battle
Four of Them Land
the Money in a
Hayes Valley Club Sends a
Representative South to
Talk With Jimmie Britt
Charlie Thompson Is
a Good One in
the- Mud.
Likely Horses Fall Go
iing Over the
Hurdles.
LITTLE BOXERS
HARD AT WORK
YOSEMITE CLUB
LANDS PERMIT
WOULD EXPAND
RACING RULES
BATTLE LIKELY
TO BE FOUGHT
FAVORITES HAVE GALA DAY
AT BRIGHTON BEACH TRACK
BRITT AND HANLON MAY MEET IN THIS CITY IN SEPTEMBER
• > ~~~ ¦".¦'••
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUEST&AY, JULY 12, 190£.
'will Return King's Visit,
BERLIN. July 11.— It is said that
Emperor -William will visit King Ed
ward at .the end of October, .when it is
expected- he will pay a visit also to the
Earl "of Lonsdale. ' • . " '
10
Swollen glands, tumors, white swelling, sores, pustular
or scaly skin eruptions, flabby muscles, brittle bones, weak
digestion, emaciated, illy-nourished bodies, are some of
the well-known earmarks of Scrofula. Scrofula is inher-
ited. Parents too closely related by the ties of blood, or
tainted with consumption or blood poison, may look for
signs of Scrofula in their children. •The middle-aged often
have, it, but children are the chief sufferers. Scrofula
breaks down the vital forces, Cleveland, Ohio, Avnit 11,1903.
and the blood becomes SO ~ I inherited Scrofula from my parents, and thij
_ M i, -_ j „„.,. fi, fl f :f Af^a tinf • means, of course, weak, impure blood and a run-
weak ana poor tnat itaoes noi down< debilitated condition of the system. I hav»
nourish the body. The rem-^been under treatment of physicians for quite a
««1w in nil crrnfnirtTtft a ff#»<» period at different times, but their treatment did
edy in all ScrolUlOUS anec- *£ t do me anything like tho rood S. S. 8. did last
tions must be one that purifies winter when I took it. It promotes appetite and
tli*» di«spii<;w1 Wncvl hniirta wr» digestion, «ives strength and enertry, builds up
tlie diseased Diopa, DUliOS up th » cener af health in every way, and In addition
the weak digestion, increases to beinr an excellent blood purifier, it adds to its
thm anrvtif f* ttnA m" we tiMw ¦uccess as a remedy for Scrofula. It did more for
tne appetite ana gives new ma than any thing 1 have used, and witn pleasure
energy and strength to all I commend it. ¦ MBS. LOUISE COHZN.
life's forces. No medicine has 122 Brownell St.
won so much fame as a blood purifier as S. S. S., and its tonic effects upon
_^,m ¦¦' i . the system are not equaled by any other remedy. It
/*«a^ /^N rCT^ makes the -weak, tainted blood rich and strong, and
VS^VJS drives out of the circulation all tubercular deposits
l^jj hOj Oj and morbid matter that cause the glandular swelling,
V^»y sores, abscesses, tumors and other horrible symptoms
that make Scrofula so dreaded and dangerous.
Write us fully about your case. Medical advice will cost you nothing
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAm
SCROFULA
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ '¦ ''<:, \-
m^f w^T l^J JtoJSBosSBff^^^ii Tli l L
Judge Beer • "^/S^
Purity, Flavor, Solid, Creamy Foam, Clean Taste and
Brilliancy, the points of excellence contained in A. B. C. BEER,
mark it as the one perfect beer brewed.
The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO., Wholesale Dealers.
ll i | i mi» » in »¦ Mill liT III ii i » MiwiWiiiiwiLLlMLUMmi^Will Hire Xo ilore Street Sweepers.
Herbert Schmitz, preskJent of the
Board of Public Works. Said yesterday
that no more street sweepers would be
hired for the present, as all those em
ployed by the contractors who for
merly did the work would be retained.
Xo changes In the service will be made
until the result of the civil service ex
amination "to be held next month has
been announced by the Civil 'service
Commission, when the eligible list
will l>e drawn upon for such empJoyes.
L. D. Whitehurst, representing the
Rosenthal-Feder company, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Conlon
yesterday for the arrest of A. B. Bag
ley on a charge of obtaining goods by
false pretenses. It Is alleged that on
June 18 Bagley made a purchase of
shoes at the store of the Rosenthal-
Feder Company and gave in payment
a check for $20 on the Western Na
tional Bank. The check was present
ed at the bank for payment, but Bag
ley was not known there.
, Check Proves Worthless.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Graham to Annie C. Stack from Paul
Stack, desertion; Rosa J. Giannini
from Henry Giannini. desertion: by
Judge Kerrigan to Robert J. Dews
bury from Priscilla Dewsbury; by
Judge Troutt to James A. Kenny
from Belle Kenny, desertion.
William Tornstrom, a sea captain,
in a suit for divorce says that his
wife. Alma Fried Tornstrom. whom he
married a year ago, ran away in April
with another captain and since then
has been guilty of infidelity with va
rious men unknown to him. He says
she is now living at 3101 California
street under the name of Alma Fried.
Other" suits for divorce were ' filed
yesterday by Archie A. Black against
Nellie Black for desertion; Agnes JCel
low against Thomas Kellow, neglect
and desertion; Mary Gesvret against
Eugene Gesvret. • neglect and deser
tion; Maud E. Covell against Charles
L. Covell. habitual intemperance; Sa
rah J. Wheeler against George H.
Wheeler, neglect; Maud Kister against
Miles Kister, cruelty; Louise A. How
ard against William S. Howard, neg
lect; Nellie J. Hock against Tobias
Hock, neglect.
A difference between a husband and
a wife as to the control of their prop
erty seems to be at the bottom of the
divorce case heard yesterday by Su
perior Judge* Graham and taken un
der advisement. \V. A. Samuel, a
butcher, sued his wife, Catherine, for
legal separation and she came back at
him in a cross-complaint. Her at
torney told the court that the hus
band wanted a divorce at all hazards,
but the wife did not because she was
*;too old." The couple were married
in 1SS0 and have four grown children.
Samuel charged his wife with run
ning bills without his consent and says
she received 545 a month rents from
property, but when he needed money
to pay off a mortgage she would not
let him have it and he was prevented
from going into business. For two
year?, he declares, she has not shared
their room with him. In her answer
and cross-complaint she not only de
nies all of his allegations, but says he
is too lazy to work and has no sepa
rate property. All of their possessions,
she says, were accumulated .with her
assistance and she avers that his suit
for divorce is to compel her to deed
her interest to him. She also says that
he has been guilty of cruelty and has
consorted with other women.
Judge Graham Takes Samuel Case
Under Submission- — Many Other
Family Differences.
PROPERTY TROUBLE "BASIS
OF A SUIT FOR DIVORCE
John Isaacs, now secretary of the
Horticultural Commission, formerly
connected with the fruit pest quaran
tine office in this city, under Craw, is
reported to have said that he does not
wish to succeed his former "superior.
Among those who are more prominent
ly mentioned as having had experience
in the service are Edward N. Ehrhorn,
commissioner for Santa Clara County;
George P. Hall, formerly commissioner
for San Diego County; R. P. Cundiff,
commissioner for Riverside County; J.
W. Jeffrey, commissioner for Los An
geles County; W. H. Payne, inspector
at Monrovia; S. A. Pease of San Ber
nardino, and E. K. Carnes, who has
for a considerable period been acting
as Craw's deputj' in the quarantine
station In this city and consequently
in immediate touch with all the fruit
pest quarantine service. Of his effi
ciency Craw speaks highly.
An appointment to 'fill the position
at $200 a month may be made at any
time, but it Is supposed that no action
will be finally taken until Governor
Pardee returns from the East, as it is
customary to seek his approval in
making appointments of this import
ance.
There is a lively stir over the posi
tion that Alexander Craw, State fruit
pest quarantine officer, will relinquish
at the end of the present month. Craw
ls going to Hawaii to be the head of
the Hawaiian entomological service,
with a contract for five years at the
rate of $5000 per year. The position
that he vacates in this State, by resig
nation, is worth $200 a month. Sev
eral men connected with the Horti
cultural Commission staff of workers
haye applied already to Horticultural
Commissioner Ell wood Cooper, who has
the appointment of Mr. Craw's suc
cessor, to be installed In the retiring
quarantine officer's official shoes. No
indication has yet appeared upon the
surface concerning the probable ap
pointee.
Cooper Gives No Information
of Intention and Anxious
Seat Is Crowded to Limit
SALAEY IS ATTRACTIVE
"I think that 'kid* Is an offensive ap
pellation, especially when addressed to
Miss Edith Hyde, a pretty girl em
ployed in a Fourth street candy store,
accused Samuel Green, a barber, of
having sent to her an obscene picture,
and a little boy testified tlidt he. had
carried the offensive lithograph from
the defendant to the complainant at
the former'* request. Green denied hav
ing sent the picture to the girt, and
furthermore asserted It was not r ob
scene, inasmuch as it was freely circu
lated to advertise a patent medicine.
The picture was not produced In evi
dence, and the Judge instructed the
defendant to procure a duplicate and
have it in court to-morrow.
i eter Johnson of 1203 Folsom street
pad h:s 17-j-ear-old' daughter Helena
before Judge Conlan on the charge of
disturbing the peace, and testified that
the girl had called him "an old fool"
and in other ways provoked him to en
!ifit the law's aid in his enforcement of
his paternal authority. The girl told
the Judge that it was her father, and
not Ehe,.Tvho had disturbed the peace,
and that he was a domestic despot!
The case was continued till Wednes
day and the parties advised to inter the
hatchet. ;. ,v.. '--
Both the defendants admitted having
beg-ged. but denied having attempted
to blackmail. They were pronounced
pullty as charged, and the Judge de
femd sentence till to-day to give the
oncers time to obtain, if possible, tes
timony sufficient to warrant convic
tion on the more serious offense. Depot
said he worked by day and begged at
night and Ross confessed he had no
legitimate means of support.
Instructed by Judge Conlan and then
tl:e hearir.gr was set for next Tues
day, by which time the inquest on the
retr.alnis of Charles Hartman will be
completed. Geber was represented in
court m- ex-Judge Lowe.
• * *
Two seventeen-year-old lads, regis
tered as Glen J. Ross and Edward De
pot, were operating a new phase of
the old blackmailing game when Po
licemen Hvde and Cornelius nipped
their enterprise and made them de
fendants in Police Judge Mogan's
court on the charge of begging. The
accusation would have been more se
rious if certain persons from whom the
boys attempted, to extort money had
not sidestepped the notoriety to be at
tair.ed by appearing to testify against
them.
It was in Jefferson Square Park,
favorite testing place of lovers, that
the bold and cunning youths plied their
illegal vocation. When they saw among
the t-pooners on the benches a man or
a woman who tried to avoid recogni
tion by passersby they made up their
minds that there was possibility of
obtaining hush money from that man
or woman. So they shadowed their in
tended victims ,until they discovered
where he or she lived, and if inquiries
proved their suspicion correct they
made their demand. Just how much
coin the young duo extorted in this
way the officers could not state. They
did know of one person— a married
woman— who was threatened with ex
rosure to her husband if she did not
pay JiO. It so happened that her meet
ing to discuss a business matter with
another man in the park was known
to her soouse and with his consent, so
she defied the blackmailers and in
formed the DoMce. But she would not
appear to prosecute, so the officers had
to wait until they caught the lads in
the act of soliciting alms.
August C-eber, who tried to kill the
Hartman family Sunday morning, was
who followed and captured Goldman
after the shooting, paid that after Gold
man fired the shots he went out the
door of the hotel office and closed it
b->hird him. but reopened it and threw
the pistol inside. W. J. Wiley, secre
tary of the San Francisco Brewing
Company, and Frank Paillet, manager
tif the Clarendon, also testified, but
toW nothing new. The case was then
continued till 11 o'clock this morning,
when. Mr. Murphy announced, the com.
2-Iaining witness will be subjected to a
starching cross-examination by him.
Dr. Francis F. Knorg testified that
he treated Snow'* wounds, and consid
ered it safer to let two of the bullets
remain unextrarted. Night Clerk Ed
v.ard Rose, of the Clarendon Hotel.
Adolph Goldman. « .-barged with at
tempting to murder ex-Mayor Roland
W. Snow or Oakland, showed more
• oir.posure yesterday than was expect
fd when he appeared for preliminary
examination In Judge Slogan's court,
lie sat Quietly beside his attorney,
Frank Murphy, and calmly listened
to the testimony of several witnesses,
none cf whom threw any new light on
the shooting or the causes that led to
it. Snow looked rather sallow, and fre
quently prompted Prosecuting Attorney
<5re*>iey. He seldom glanced at the
man who shot him, and not once did
Goldman look at hfm.
A badly scared colored man was Ar
thur WnU*nis just after his release
from a murder charge in Police Judge
Fritzs court, and his fright did not
te^an until he was Fa'ely locked In
h« City -'rison.
Willinras and James H. Smith were
jointly feookel for the" murder of An
thony Owen Gallagher, a hackman.
They were non-unicn stablemen, and
the preliminary examination attracted
the crowd that always fills a police
court while a case involving the labor
question is on hearing. After hearing
the testimony the Judge discharged
Williams and h^ld Smith to answer in
i he Superior Court, and the crowd we nt
<>ut and loitered In the corridor. As
Williams walked out, accompanied by
Defective Flyan, the throng began to
close In on him, with angry mutter- '..
:r»gs. and he shrank close to the of.icer
until he cntorcd the elevator, whfre he I
quickly sought the corner farthest from j
the door and stood there trembling un- |
'. il he was landed on the prison floor, j
Thore he remained until the crowd de-
I arted, when he was rushf-d to the
basemrnt and aided to escape unob
rerved.
Smith displayed less concern for his
late. He laughed when the Judge held
him to the higher court, and he fairly
k< -reamed with merriment when told of
the funk in which his late fellow de
fendant was.
John E. Anderson, a clerk, attempted
to rescue a soldier whom a policeman
was arresting Saturday evening on the
Rarbary Coast, and Judge Mogan will
hear the case next Thursday.
Frank Ohata, a Japanese teamster,
was fined $5 for trespassing: on private
property. He drove his horse and wagon
over the Southern Pacific track at Ber
nal cut and narrowly escaped demoli
tion by a freight train.
"Better make the swear-off extend
over Mrs. Raymond's next birthday,"
said the Judge as he signed an order of
dismissal.
M. J. Raymond celebrated his wife's
birthday by purchasing a keg of beer
and inviting: a few friends to partake
of It at his residence, at the corner of
Devisadero and Haight streets, and
when he appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday on a charge of peace dis
turbance his face was badly scratched.
Ke didn't know who Inflicted the inju
ries—indeed, before the keg was half
emptied he knew nothing— and he
would immediately swear off for a year
if he were allowed to go free.
an adult, and I will slap the face of
any person who applies it to me."
Such was the declaration of intention
uttered by Gertrude Williams, accused
of disturbing the peace at 911^2 Mission
street. She slapped the face of an un
known man who had familiarly said to
her. "Hello, kid," and she slapped the
face, of Patrolman Murphy when that
vigilant officer undertook to interview
her. Judge Mogran continued the case
till to-morrow.
Men Serving as Bug Experts
in Bureau- of Horticulture
Are Looking for Promotion
Arthur William?, Non-Union Stableman, Cleared of Murder
Charge by Judge Fritz and Throng of Angry Men Follow
Him in Corridor Until He Seeks Safety by Going to Jail
WANT TO FILL
CRAW'S PLACE
CROWD MENACES NEGRO
AT POLICE COURT DOOR
THE 5AN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY . 12, 1904.
11
. OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYOlSEN KAISHAl
f ORIENTAL STKliMSHIP CO.)"
will leave wharf, corner First and
Bronnan streets, at 1 p. tn.. for YOKOHAMA
•nd -HONGKONG, calllnr at Kob* <Hlojo).
NAiatakl and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India etc No
cargo received on board on day of satling
S. g. AMERICA MARU „ ".fj;
•••¦••••'••.•• •••••'•T**>n&*7* August 1. 1904
VU Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's of flee. 421 Market street, corner First.
W.H. AVERY. Ocncral Agent.
occaBies.s.co. ¦¦"'¦¦¦^--¦'
S. B. ALAMEDA, for Honolnra,July 10 11 A.M.
S- v 'S.' aonoisa, - for Honolulu, . Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney., Thursday. July 28 2 P M
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. August 0. 11 A.M.
T .D.SPEECIELS 4 BE01 Ca,Ulj.,Iicl!t OlC! 613 iu-
lei; Fniiit Cffiw 329 torin sl. PUr I. Picii; si
Grand wjuiajljuuia Dand
Elcctricale 3 Concerts
Display g JVgW § Dafly
•jmnrmrvo innnnnnDo
Santa Crml
SiLJULfljiAA Finest -Rjuuum.fi>
Punjr.Surf g 3 "'•worta
.nd Tub S Batnmg 3 Water s?0Tts
B«thi j2 On the o Roof Gardens
Dancing j^ Coast „ Summer
Eoa'ins and , ]o e( Theatricals
FineSsimon o S0IH8- 3 Vaudeville
,F«hins thing *r SprcUUies
Lovely Drives £ p^ 3 j,
Aonftht jo _ii t u" 3 Special Rates
.Co.it and j£ ™ mC 3 vl«S.P.Ry
Through the Jo innC 3 During the
Redwoods innnrBTI o"mrs Entire Season
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur °
Cnt-m^r San Luis Obispo.
o|jrin*55 , cai.
i . The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
; b<a!th on the Pacific Coast. Biy round
t trlr» ticket from San Francisco to San
I.uts Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Obiypo. Cal.. and return, including stage
to and from »prlngs and ose week's
board for $-O.«>»» to .5--.0O, according
i to location of rocni.«. or board and accom-
modations 9J».<K> to $12.O1» per week.
' Scenic rurroundlngs. free bathing.
: boating* and fishing on grounds. Fine
«hadv walk*, tennis and croquet grounds.
I dance pavilion for truest*. Fine sea
! beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
I Cottages and firrnltdre are all new. Gas
t throughout buildings and grounds. Our
! table Is well supplied with the best th»
I market affords. Our stage meets trains
1 srrivlng at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
i every day (except Sunday).
' This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
| SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER
dr: c. c. o donnelus
MINERAL SPRINGS AT (JLEN ELLEN.
. the best camping, t picnic and pleasure r«-
»crt on the coast. The greatest remedy for
'lung disease, liver and siomacS complaints.
rheamatUm and catarrh in the world: 44
miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. IS. R. give special rates to camper*:
:;o cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park: mineral
wattr. boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O"DONNELL. office
1021 •'• Market st.. bet Sixth and Seventh. San
Francisco. .;-
Hotel EL GARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Dei
Monte." At, the seaside with borne comforts
The Dlace to sDend your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying home. S«nd for illustrated pampblet.
Address CEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hosoital: best equipped on Coast: mom-
ent Improvements: large treatment rooms;
ideal location: 5 Mi acres: one block from street
cars: write for literature. San Jose. Cal.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AMD
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 9:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee.
with train reaching S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAp, ""«£"«•
Cafe European. Nurse*, maids and children,
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
M. LAWRENCE & CO.
BRO O IC W J\ Y
, Lake Tahoe. -
OPENS JT/NE l«t. ' .
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON, MgT.;
' Brockway, „ Cat. |
KUBICO2T PARK— A delightful reaort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. 'Sen sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. , Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Boats, Bsblng tackle and
horses at 'moderate ! hire. Rates $2 j a day or
from $10 to 116 per week. P. O. and -telephone.
A. L. FROST." Rubicon Park. Lake ... Tahoe. CaU
LAX£ { SHOEE '- HOUSE— Glen brook.
Nev. Cottages torent $5 up. lst-class board, mflk
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
! IIFFR PARK IMV and. cottages: 0 miles from
i ilLCK rAKA Inn Lake Taboe; open Jane 1;
elevation 6507 feet; mineral . springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30- Montgomery st.
- J. B..SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal. The. leaning .hotel.' Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter reaort. - Meal- -station for paas-a -
gers. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web*
ber, Camsbrll Hot Spring3 and SleravUI*.
STEWART McKAY. proprietor. ' -
INDEPENDENCE "LAKE.,
Fishing: boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee,: in an. unbroken
forest.- For Information inquire at Traveler
office, 30 Montgomery St.. . Peck's: Information
Bureau, or Mrs. II. M. Clernons. .Truckee. Cal.
CftMPBEI.il HOT SPRINGS,
In Sltrra « Nevada ¦ Mountains. Sierra. County
fiOOO feet elevation. Ar« .beautifully located
at > the head of the . great 1 Sierra Valley. 30
miles long by S miles wide, surrounding which
is the grea( i primeval forest of pine and Or. ' A
specialty is made of th* table. ¦ The hot springs
am unequaled for the cure of . rheumatism,
gout, liver and kidney ¦ complaints and all blood
, and skin diseases. .Rates for room and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs rlt .Boca.' $14 50. . Stag*
dally txcept Sunday, connecting with <i o. m,
train from; San- Francisco. r*.*«r* -•-.
Mineral Springs.
OPEKETEBT DAT X3X THE YEAS.
,. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: A y«ar an-I
tcree months ago I was attacked with tnat
j terrible disease. locomotor ataxla. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirety lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Sprlr.R.. Ark.. fall«d to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work I bad
catarrh of stomach, head and. bladder as a re-
*uit of the disease: the«« troubles b«csjn«
cnronlc. At times my heart would beat Ilka *
arum, my tsta Krew weak, my memory bad.
my _ n ' nrea w recked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since wai
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the watsn.
took th* bath» — after three weeks* treatmenc
etomach. bowels, bladder aod kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness^
gone, memory good. After three months" treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight Ump.
Have run stores in seventeen towns of th*
State of California; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; Inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
months ago. Further Information, addrea*
LOUIS JACOBS. 6 Stockton st. San Francisco.
Cal.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. s*nd BOc In stamps for bottl* of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRIN6S CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
O^yfPPP HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
OA M 17 17 U coc >«" rY : en'y *H hours
- from San Francisco and
1^™ 1 " 1 "^™^™ but S> miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
h«t mineral water bath In State. FIRST-
CLA-*? HOTEL. AND STAGE SERVICE: bcth
morning and afternoon stages. Round trip
from San Francisco only *."» 50. Take Tiburon
ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 2:3ft p. m.
Rates $2 a day or |12 a week. References, any
guest of the pjst nine year* Information at
Tourist Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery
St.. or of J. F. MULGREW. gkaggs. CaL
M ARK WEST
"HP" SPRIN6S
MR3. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
win manage the springs; many improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place:
$2 day: 110 and 112 week. Office. 833 Larkta
ft., cor. Geary, or Mark West Sprlags. Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 9.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, ttver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRa-
THEH.
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable carriages direct to th<*
most picturetque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calls-
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m.
direct 10 Harbin. Seigler. Adams. Howard. A3-
derson. Hobergs, Spiers. -Vstorgs and Glen-
brook; talf hour for lunch at Calistoga: also to
Mlddletown. Lower Lake. KelseyyUl* and
Lakeport. Livery |a connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL,
Tie Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDEIi will furnish
the beJt music ever played at any resort ia
the State. Beating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDO Ail
DURBAN, owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
••IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THB SXJL."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Crus County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 13 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trickets from San Fraa-
cUco $3. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM G.
DODGE. Lessee.
AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING! ¦»
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Sprtr.jv
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect with
trains at HoDlar.il. Lrav- Hopiand at 12: iu.
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New S-bors» 14-paisengsf
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-*
provemvnts. Passengers for Lakeport cr Bart-
l«tt Spring*, call for tickets by Eartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be -purchased at of 3»-»
of California N. W. Ky.. ISO Market St.. o#
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER A HOWARD. Props.
RETURN XtXMXT. SEFTE3CBEX 30. 1904.
TAKE BOAT AT TXBT/BOST rXABT.
Ticket O/flce. 600 Market st. (Chronlcl*
building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
it. General Office. Mutual Life Building. San-
some and California sts.. San Francisco.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agsnt.
Hotel del Cazadero— Giant Redwood
Grove; free Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing,
boating, dancing. Uvery stable; flrst-clas.i
board. Sausalito ferry: round trip. $3 73. good
six months. Rates. 5.' day. $10 to tl» week:
reduced rates by the month. Villa lots for sale.
J.. J. -THUtlON. Prop.. Caxadero. . Sonoma Co..
CaL, cr North Shore Railroad. t£t> Market st.
OWN In mountains CAMP
ST7 JIMEB HOUSE of Sonoma Co. XEXTXElb
Pure .water, equable elfmate. v lots selling $;a>
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up: depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel: post and express:
telephone* sawmill: 0C0 lots sold: 300 cottages
built. Saasallto ferry N. 9. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
OCCXDEVTAZi EOTEi. HAYWABOS.
¦ - First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement nail. etc. > Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop.;
phone Black 1 41.
OSASD CESTT&AXi HOTSZh Guerne-
Tllle Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved, Headquarters for hunter*
and Ushers. Rates %& ¦ an4 $10 a week. Ad-
dress F. PLATH. Guerneville. Cat. "
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located la
redwoods 5 miles from Santa Crus. Sprin j
water, fruit, milk, excellent table: dally mall;
fre« conveyance; $7 week; phoa* Suburban 87.
MR3. W. CRANDELL. Santa Cra». Cat
BXVEXSXDE HOTEIi.aad COTTAGES
— Near beach: 30 acres teuuilrul fTuuad.*: spe-
cial rates to families: write for booklet. T.
BAR5ON. Proprietor. Santa. Crus.
BEXUCVT/E HOTELl El Venao, go*
noma Co., Cal T«rma, $1 day and up; hot
mineral springs near by. Long dlstane* t»le-
phone; daily ma I'.. JOHN SERRES. Proprietor.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Cruz Mountains;
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
. camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Cibba. Cal.
The WeeHj Call.
$i pe? Year.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 0 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketcnikan. Wran<el,
Juneau. Haines. Skaguay,
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. tn.. July
». 14. 19. 24. 20. Aug. 3.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
BellloKham— 11 a. m.. July 0, 14. 19. 24, 2».
Auk. 3. Change at Seattlt to this Company's
steamern for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Tacoma to Jf, P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C
V. Ry.
To: nuroks (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :30
p. m.. July l>. 15. 21, 27, Aug. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12. IS. 24. 30, Aug. 5.
For Los Angeles <vla Port Los Angeles and
Kedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rum. Sundays, 0 a. m.
j . State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Lo* Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San PMro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
: terry. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hanford (San
; Luis Obi«i">), Ventura and Hueneme.
Boi.:ta. 9 a. m., July 10. lfi. 20. Aug. 3.
Coo* Bay. » a. m.. July 14. 22. 30, Aug. T.
- For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Uazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Gua7mns (Mcx.). 10 a. m.. "th each mo. :
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1004 —
The. palatial excursion steamship Spokane v.-ill '
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Vletorta July 19,
AOK. -*.
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chanare pteamers or salllrr dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. < Palace Hotel). 10 Market St., and Broad-
way wharves. Preiffht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DL'SAN.V. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market tt., Ean Francisco.
* j .
AMERICAN LIKE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
St. Louis July23|St. Paul .<.Aug. B,
New York July 30i Philadelphia ..Aug. 13
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
Hew Yort — London Direct.
Mesaba July 2H. 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka .' July 30. 7:30 a. m.
Mlnnchaha Aug. 6, noon
Minneapolis Aug. 18, 7 a. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
• Southwark July 231 Vancouver . ...Aug. G
Canada July 301 Kensington ...Aug. 13
HOLLAXTO-AMEEICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Stfamera of 12.300 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Aug. 2|Noordam .Aug. 1.1 !
Ryr»<5am Auk. 9'Statendam Aug. 23
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland July 23|Kroonland . Aug. G
Vaderland July SOlZeeland Aug. 13
WHITS STAK LIKE.
H«w York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednemlays.
Cedric . . .July 22. 1 pm Teutonic.. Aug. 3. 10 am '
Oceanic . .July 27. 6 pm Celtic ... .Aug. 5, noon
Arabic . . .July 20, 0 am Baltic . . .Aug. 10. 4 pm
Boston — Queeastown — Liverpool.
Cretlc July TS, Aug. 25, Sept. 22
Republic (new) ..Aug. 11. Sept. 8, Oct. fi
Cymric Aug. 18. Sept. 15, Oct. 13
HEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
Fact Twin-Screw Steamer •
Of 11.400 to 15.000 Tom.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE .
MEDITERRANEAN, VIA AZO3ES.
GIBRALTAR. ZTAFLES. GENOA.
CANOPIC. Oct. 8, Nov. 1» I
ROMANIC Sept. 17, Oct. 29. Dec. 3 |
Fir»t Claw. $C3 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st|, San Francisco. -
Jiamburg- '/American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMBURQ
Hamburg July 21t«Deutschland ..Aug. 4
. fWaldersee July 23]?Pennsylvania ;.Aur 0
•tMoltke* July 28,;Pretorla Aug. 13
Bulgaria July 30 Hamburg ...... Aug. 18
•Has grill room and tgymnaslum on board
tWill call at Dover for London and Paris
HAMBTJBG- AMERICAN LINE. .
Of nces :to and »7 Iiroadway. New York
HERZOQ. & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
XCilXQyiii GSMERALS TRAH3ATLAi1TiJ Ji
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKK-PAIUS. ..^
tailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. rn.. from Pier 42. •»5*a?*y
North «!ver. foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
cUsb to- Havre, 143 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building),
X«w York. J. F. FUGAZI Ic CO.; f'aeinc Cu**t
Agents. 5 Montgomery, avenue, San Francisco.
Ticket? sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To if. 8. Hary Tard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H; J; Corcoran— Leave* R. K.. foot of
Clay st., north end rerry bldg.— Week days.
»:30 A. M.. 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays. D:30
A. M-..8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days;
(:50 A.M.; 12:20 and 5-.30 P. M.; Sundays. 5
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion: rates,
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cov* and Martlne*.
BOc round trip. PIPER, ADEN, GOODALL
CO.. phone Main C41. - 'Saturday excepted. ¦ .
: To XJ. S. Wavy Tard and Tailejo. ,'- -,
- Btmrst General Frisble, Montlcello and Arrow,
0:45 iu m., 12:30. 3:15, 6, 8:30 p.' m. tex. Sun.);
Eundaj*. 9:45 a. ni.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7. 0 a. m^,'. 12:30,' 3:13, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days. 7 «. m.'. 1 :15 p. m. Pier 2, root ¦ Mis-
s.lor. str<«t; phons Main 1503. 1 HATCH BROS. ,
BARTLETT
! SPRINGS.
; BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
I all the Ills that humanity in heir to but
: thousands of people have, been- benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
1 Springs, where there is a resident phy-
sician, a manager cf amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
i ; Housekeeping cottages, $3 CO to S6 00 per
week. -
j Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
1 Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter St., San
; Francisco.
California Northwestern Railway
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA. . . . .
DEER PUNTING,.,
The best Fishing and Hunt-
ing in California is along this
road, within a few hours'
ride of San Francisco.'
The DEER SEASpN opens
July is th in Mendocino Coun-..
ty;* August ist in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; Jrlv 15th in Marin.
County.
I Black Bass Fishing.,,
• Opened July ist. These are
I plentiful in the Russian River.
I particularly in the vicinity of
! Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
j tion.
! TAKE YOUR ROD— Our Rivers
i and Streams are full of Trout. .
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game Laws are enforced along
j this road. Consult "VACATION,
• 1904," to be had at the offices of the
! Company. It will tell you where you
I can camp or board, and be Hear your
j game.
Ticket Offices. C50 Market st. (Chronicle
: building)" and Tiburon Ferry; General Office.
j Mutual Ufa Hulldins. corner California and
Sansome sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
JAS. L. FKAZIKK. General Manager.
I R. X. RVAX, General Passenger A«ent.
' If you enjoy tennis or
croquet you will find the
! grounds perfect at
AETNA SPRINGS.
After a game there is the
big pool for an invigorat-
ing plunge." Just send for
booklet. Aetna Springs
Co., Napa Co., Cal.
* ; : ¦ ; — —
SEIGLER sprues
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Post-
tive cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach 'trou*
bits, tiwlmmlns pond, orchestra. Fare %9 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty, baths. Rates $10 to fI2
per week. Baths and amusements free. H.' H.
McGOWAN. prop... Seigler. Lake Co.. CaJ.
HI/ n n II Hrt s P rln ": on line South.
1 I V I 1 I I HI frn 1>ac!fl >: -H hours from
K I K I I 111 Ban Francisco. 3 trains
it I 111 daily; luxurious mineral
U I I I U I 1 * Rd mud baths: hot*l
, unique In culsln* servlcs
and •ppolntrnentt. Information at S. P. Co.,
Bur au. 613 Market »t.. Peck'a Bureau. 11 >
M«;«otnery it.. or-H. R. WARNEUl. . Byroa
Hot Springs. Cal r
; CAMP CURRY :
1 Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
,? Advert lied by 4000 ruesta. 1
YOSEM1TE |;
BLTJE3
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, f.sh-
InB. Music every evening:. Send for pamphlet.
O. WE1SMAN. MldUke P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal..
or call oa Dr. Happersberger, 1104 Market, S. 7.
LYTJON SPRINGS
• Ntw management; no staclne; depot .' on
Krounds; . phone; faro $2 40; Tiburon ferry:
rates $10 to $15 week; table first class: our
own-dairy: hot mineral baths; swimmlnc tank;
livery; billiards: croquet. Booklet Peck'* Bu-
reau. 11 Mortromery st.. or BARKER &
ROSS.. Lytton Sprints. Sonoma County. CaJ.-
TWNCAN SPRINGS
trno MtLEsisoK kopkahb.
" Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.-
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
HO MS CAMP MEEKER! NEW ENGLAND HOME!
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake: Ana playground for the -children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and Lath-
Ing, pavilions with - pianos, fresh fruits la
plenty. Board a.nd lodging, only $ti to 87 «r
week. Address; GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonom* County.
WHITE SUUHUB SPaiwaa, VaUtJo,
Cat.— Most accessible spring* to ti&n FmncucV
round trip *!.; no sUge fare; only uy, hours'
: ride;-- 5 :-' miles ;fr6m -Wallejo; ¦ hot, cold * and
plunge aulpbur baths: wonderful cures of rheu-
tnatlnm. nturaldtia. eczema, kidney, liver and
stomach d'.seaies. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boAtlnx ; and * bathing; Dancing pavilion.
New bowline alley and shuffle board. Rates,
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN*
UEL j MADRID. Vallfejo. Cal. ,1 y \
BOBTE SHOXB HOT£L — On Tomales
Bay. Good table and accommodations House
gas-lighted ' Prices' very reasonable. MRS. J.
EHrELPS .- Marshalls. Marin County. , CaL r ,.
BCHAErEB'S QEOTS-SOSS VAIJillT.
- Private .boarding: .terras -reasonable.' Teaai
mttti Sunday morning trains. . Address ' MRx
'MATT LINDSAT.-Rosi Station. •. ,.
.^ t asssB^B^^^P^3sslss^r^ssC-'^eWwBHsB»X3?MJ l^ssBsl **^^8^SS»^BL-m- >49CTV - 1**^. I **** £'~''*- 4 ~*&<^^ X****^* * *-*»• " • " * "* * *'¦*
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have aCded many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic, epot; open all the
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
Ean Franclscd temperature 115 degrees; no
¦ staxing; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism.
'tisthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
I different Hot Sulphur Spring*: tub and plunge
! baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
claes. Rates (2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Sp*rlal rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
or address TITKO. RICHARDS. .Aitua Calient*
Fr-ring*. Sonoma County. California.
• We hare erected a stone building, modem
1 dining-room: can teat 400 guests.
$j\ Jose I
II Situated in Vendome Park of 12 n
I m acres, a charming summer resort: g
I B both city and country advantages; 0
II automobile garage on th*. ground* H
18 free to guests. Bathing pavilion. H
\M bowling alleys, tennis, etc. .New R~«
g auto road map of the . I
¦ county mailed on ap- *Ai^a&
ra j. r. brooks. 6«52^^^^^^
Santa Catalina Island
•"'4 Uoiirs Frcm L«s Angeles. Season laO4.
Our famous Marine Band,
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
coif, tennis and the finest fishing on th»
Camp Life a Spec'al Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metrmole.
.- Modem !n all particulars.
For further Information addre**
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU It
Montgomery st.. cr BANNIXG CO 222 S
Sprinc »t.. Lo« Anceles. ' ''
PAEAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Ca 1 . ;. .
The most popular sanitary and h*al'h
rescrt In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and su--
passlnrly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths. !arg*
swimming tank and excellent table. Writ*
lor bcoktet and particulars to F \v
SCHROEUtTR. Manager, or PECK'S LJf.
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery it.
Harbin Springs
Mcst desirable In Lake Co. : contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and ar»en_-: wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver aod stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, nand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, hbmcdalty. fine vegetable garden
Rcund trip tickets. 3. P. office. $7. J. a'
HAYS. Proprietor.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
.Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, flshlag.
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet dark-
room, warm soda : geyser In bathkouse'. club-
house, etc.. Increased accommodations modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed 'Table a
tpeclalty. Rates per week. $10 to $15. Photo*
«nd luforBnaiion at Chatfleld A Vlnzent's "*'*
Montgomery st.. or LEE I>. CRAIG Manager
6oda Bay. Kelseyville P. P.. Luke Co.. CaU
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas en . the Russian River
below Uuemevilie In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river: tent.is courts;. 40 new
boats*: will build a cam In the river; 4 miles
or smcoth water for boating and bathing
Adults $2 per day. ?10 per week; children
¦ under 10 half rate*. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May r. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camp .Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS"
Beswlck. Elsklynu County. California.
Write to EPSpN BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
IT. different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st-. or -at J
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal. "
iiiiiwwiA Menlo Park, one hoar from
Uni T T'\T clt >- Mne trains dally. Per-
il 1 1 1 I I .1 (ect cl'mate; beautiful ptace;
IIUI I I V comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J. MEREDITH. Mgr.. Hoitt'a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved: 1600 feet altitude; m>
fog; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
carden; hot. ' cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates $3 week up; stage
meets train. : Scbuler Sc Scheben. Napa, Cal.
JOH/*.NIVISOEF«G.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large airy
dining-room: hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ir.g; »10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURC5 JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa Co. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery »"
|p£^gJS TEiNTS
S^by^^^^ Awnlar*. Hammocks.
' fiiTWiniliisTiTrSi w. a. pi.0miii:b.
Tel. Main 540. Ill Clay st.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
. Santa ' Cnu Monatalnm. -
Now open." For booklet apply to Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, or S.- P. Co.. 813 Market. B.
DICKIN SON. . Prop., Ben Lomond. ' CaL .
VICHY SPRINGS
Three miles from . Uklah. . Mendocino County.
Natural .' electric ¦ waters, champagne ,: baths.
Lovely, grounds;' fishing and hunting; ; crystal
SDring; accommodations and table first claaa, I
v : ..» .;¦;. •.' J.- A. /REDEMgYER. Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
? ¦' Extensively • Improved ; ne w hotel ; gas • light,
targe dlnlng-rcom. . telephone, hunting. ¦ fishing.
swimming, bcwling, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. .'Oet: booklet.- 30 Mont-
gomery street-., W.A. McCORNACK. Prop.
LA^ HONDA AND PEbCADBRQ
, Buy your, railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. ' train. 3d and Townsend,- and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stage* direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood -'City.
CaL J '' >^ ' - -THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMEST WANTED — MAXB.
POSITION as accountant, bookkeeper °r «"*"
ier; young man; 26 years; has J** ***?"-
ence; married; sober; steady: references. Box
1252, Call office, Oakland. __
A POSITION as expert die and tool hand; ma-
chine or model work; competent to take
charge; cood references. Box im. *- a "-
A~ GERMAnT middle-agad and sln «i*'__f 1 ' h^?L5
situation in a grocery store and bar-room-;
Brest-class- references. Box 3284. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener situation wanted by
a "young man; best of references. Address
1253, Call office. Oakland. _________
A WATCHMAN or private detective^est of
. city reference, wants position. Box 2201. Call.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, sober, steady, un-
derstands his business, wants work; $3 day.
Box 2116. Call. - ;
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as jan-
itor; can take charge of a building and can
give reference. Box^ 3126. Call.
JEWELER, young man. 8 years' experience,
wants position In shop. 2211 Pacific ave.,
Alameda. '
PRINTER— All round; competent to take
charge; city or country; married; sober. Ad-
dress Printer, 23 . Sumner st. -
AN. intelligent boy of 14, anxious to work,
seeks employment. Box 1710. Call office.
AN experienced all around metal worker and
metal polisher and especially In soldering
metal. - speaks German and English, would
like position: will start at moderate wages:
can furnish bond if necessary. FRITZ, 2
Carolina place, nr. Powell and Pacific sts.
MECHANICAL draftsman, good designer and
detaiier. 18 years' experience, mining, sta-
tionary, marine power plants, factories,
wants position 'or work at home. Box 3219,
Call office.
I WANT 2 B your ad agent; no cheap firm
need apply. Box 189C, Call office. .
WANTED — Place for reliable German couple;
• man has experience and Is capable of taking
care of a farm, looking after live stock or as
coachman; wife to do housework or •,'Ookins.
For further particulars apply to his lato em-
ployer. F. W. DOHRMANN, 130 Sutttr nt..
Ean Francisco.
A HIGH-CLASS specialty salesman in food
products and groceries dealres to mak« a
connection with a thoroughly responsible
house; has a European and Oriental experi-
ence. Box 3140. Call office.
PAINTER — Good all-around practical house
painter would work for $2 60 a day where
there is a week's work or more; city or coun-
try: non-union. Box 5926. Call office.
Painter, paper-hanger, signwrlter. wants work:
tools fur. 1272 Fol»om St.; phone Mint 131.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation to do
housework or plain cooking; city or Oakland;
speaks English. 405 Dupont St.; tel. Black
1!)44. j -
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
situation as schoolboy: $2 week; plain cook,
or waiter. SAKA.box 1904. Call_offlce :
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position a*
school boy In family; speaks English well. O.
NUMANAMI. 8O7 Polk St.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants a situation
in private family or boarding; wages $7 up.
Box ISSu, Call office. , . i , ;¦
JAPANESE.' young strong boy, wants position
as schoolboy. Please call at 16 Salina place,
UTO.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as a
schoolboy. FRANK, 1329 Pine St.; tel. Lar-
kln 2611.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as a
schoolboy. KURIHARA. 1329 Pine St.; tele-
phone Larkln 2611.
EXCELLENT Japanese cook jwants a position
In nice family; city or country. .Box 3250.
Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
• schoolboy or houseworker in small family:
speaks Enzllsh. GEORGE, 2C8 Third st.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants a position
in family: wages $S to $10 week. H. T.
ENOMOTO. 467 Hayes st. .
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants position In
family; reference. 8C7 Polk st. , S. MORI.
A JAPANESE boy wanta position to school
boy In family. 80" Polk at. T. ASHIDA.
A JAPANESE wishes to work after G In the
evening. T. TAKA. 110 Taylor et., rear.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as waiter
speaks, verv well. WILLIAM, 849 Bush st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position In
hote; cr boarding-house. QUON GOON. 320
Kearnj' street. ' ' \
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position In a fam-
ily. T. I., 21 Brenham place.
CHINESE, flrst-class ccok, wants good posi-
tion. Call Gospel Hall. 734 Jackson «L
FXRST-clais Chinese cook wants position;
hotel or boarding-house. 1110 Stockton st.
A WEEK'S nows for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 p-iges. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year
* FTTRyiTPRE FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
Ander on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house; low prtc— .
FURNITURE, stove*, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 433 Valencla.nr.l6th.TeLChurch 3873.
FOR sal* — Writing desk and chiffonier com-
blned. Box 320!>. Call office.
HELP WASTED — FEMAJLjE
WANTED — Three first-class German or Scan-
dinavian cooks, $10, no wash; German nurse,
$25; laundress for a springs hotel, $'J5: cham-
bermaids and waitresses, country resort. $25;
cook on farm, $30; general houseworjt giri for
San Rafael, $30; 2d girl. $25; cook f-r men,
$30; 18 girls for housework In city an.l coun-
try $25 and $00; French ladles' maid and
seamstress. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; clean.
healthy place; higher wages paid than by any
ether canner. Code-Portwood Canning Co.,
Bryant and Tenth sts.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, "evenings or spare time and «*_«"» *°
us- no mailing cr canvassing; $9 w ? !!t ' 1
earned, materials free; Inclose self -ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. S 4, Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
A _ WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstng.
manieurtng. eta: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now:
3 positions to fill immediately: position*
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leadlns
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
& GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son* both seasons .taught from sttrt to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmer*.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
Halrdressln-r. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous 1— ir: $5 3
wks.- day. eve. class; positions secured, highest
wages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 PowolL
LADY stenographer and typewriter, thoroughly
competent. Apply in own handwriting, stat-
ing references and salary expected, box 1S0O,
Call office. >
MIDDLE-AGED lady as housekeeper for
widower and child In Colma, Apply 2009%
Flllmora st.
WAXTED — Thoroughly experienced saleslady
for books and stationery. Apply •aperinzend-
ent'» office, the Emporium.
RELIABLB girl for companion and light
house: family of two. Apply 10 to 2 to-day.
115 Telegraph ave.. Oakland..
WANTED — Experienced corset woman to go to
Stockton. Apply between 9 and 11 a, m. at
HALE BROS.' '
COOK for Ben Lomond; young woman: experi-
enced: no housework. Address, for Interview,
box 1903. Call office.
WANTED — A girl for housework and assist
In cooking. Call in morning 1631 Geary st.
COOK and general housework. Apply to-day,
758 Halght St., near Pierce.
WANTED — Young lady cashier for retail hou«e;
must know city well. Box 1905. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman to do house-
work: $15; American family of 2. 371 Minna.
PAGER wanted. F. MALLOTE, 422 Saera-
mento at.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20 to $25.
51 Cumberland st.
BUTTONHOLE maker on custom coats. 1123
Market st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p.m.. Wednesday; salary no object.
LADY traveler; one free from, home cares.
Box 1S39. Call office.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops In August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..S.S\
UKLl* WASTED — MALI:.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUXN'^CS Commercial st.
Phone Main 1191. * 5 doors off Kearny st.
NEVADA.
Office fee only $1. Fee $1.
The boss is here; talk to him: «e« the
wages he offers: Teamsters. $2 80; laborer*.
$2 5O; concrete mixers, $75; muckers, $75;
drillers, $30: these wages are pa!d> on tha
U. t. canal In Nevada. •¦• '-A
ARIZONA.
New work and bis wages; tare only $10 50
right to Florence.
CLERK. RAILROAD.
San Bernardino and Los Angeles coun:l?3.
50 teamsters $60: fare $4 60.
WOODCIIOPPERS.
Large mining co., 4-tt. 'wood, $1 50 card:
see owner here; steady work; tools and pro-
visions furnished.
10 boys, sash and dcor factory. $1 50 day.
Lots of other Jobs; call and see our trea
bulletins.
FLATS TO LET,
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT^
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies:
Ier us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
•- STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely, free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time arrd
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259
Geary St.. on the square.
FREDERICK. 324-326— Two elegantly finished
new flats.' 5 rooms each; all latest improve-
ments; rent, lower flat $32 50. upper $35.
Apply 330 Frederick st.
NOE. 1050^ — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath: all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and 24th street cars.
CENTRAL ave., 67, near Waller — Sunny upper
up-to-date flat; 6 large rooms and bath:
reasonable.
NINETEENTH. 3632—2 sunny flats to let: 4
rooms and bath, $22 50; 5 rooms and bath,
$25; key at itremlses.
GROVE. 729A— Lower flat, four rooms, bath,
yard, light sunny; adults.
GROVE. 790 — Modern middle flat 8 rooms,
bath; adults. EASTON. ELDRIDGE.
HARRISON. S2S— Fine, modern, new flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
NEW corner flat of 6 roams, bath: nicely* tint-
ed; sun all day; $30. Lyon and Fulton sts.
NEARLY new upper flat; 4 rooms and bath.
336% Tehama st.
FILLMORE. 1124, corner — 7 large, light rooms
and bath; modern; rent $40.
SHOTWELU 12— Sunny lower flat. 4 rooms,
bath and yard; $13.
SUNNY, new. modern 5 rooms: yard; rent rea-
sonable. 1006 Capp st.. near Twenty-flfth.
ELEGANT bay- window flat: 6 rooms; bath.
735% Minna st., near Ninth.
$21—6 ROOMS; bath; laundry: modern;, sunny;
beautiful. 334 Cumberland, bet 19th and 20th.
HARRISON. 82S— Fine, modern, new flat of «
rooms: reasonable to responsible party.
NEW sunny flat: 4 rooms, bath: close to Cas-
tro cars: adults. 4178 .Twentieth st.
FELL. -182, near Octavla— Modern sunny lower
fiat, 5 rooms and bath.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
, TI.AT* TO I.RT PrRSISHKU. "j
HAIGHT. 1208. Buena Vista. . cor. CentraT"ave!
\ —Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished*
hcuse has all conveniences and is situated in
ceiect neighborhood.
BELVEDERE. 41. - off Haight— Newly fur-
nished^ flat. 5. rooms, bath, garden; reason-
able; from 30 to 4.
CAPP. 614 — 5 sunny desirable rooms: gas and
coal range; piano.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED fiat, 6 rooms, for sale; sunny
and on car, line. Box 3287. Call office.
FURNISHED^ modern flat. 6 rooms, tor sale-
rent $32 60. * Box 3198, Call office. ¦ ?'
F1 ,y. E ' R £? M .1? t ',I uralshe(1 ' '°r sale. Address
pox ojut. call office.
FtRMTl RE WAKTED.
ABE LEVY. \
Salesroom. 1135 Market «. ,Tel. Jetste 761.
Don t sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
- ntture ; etc., until you get his estimate:
Ci l»5- LEVY * CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets.etc. 782 Mission; teL Bash iS
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
95 Third st. Contractor*" Agent*
NEVADA! NEVADA! NEVADA!
The bo«s here guarantees to return your fara
In 20 days.
Take advantage of it. Big wages.
Teamsters. ?2 SO; laborers, $2 50.
First claan carpenter, near city, $1.
Rough carpenter, city, $3.
Laborers c^ty, $2 25.
FIVE carpenters, city and 'country. $4 day:
redwood barker, $40 and/ board; farmer an<1
wife, s.*»o an>l found: shirt polisher, $2 50 day:
screw turner for mill. $50 and found; baker,
country shop. $14 week and found; boarding-
house cook. Ho and found; elevator boys. $30;
elevator man, $25 and board; hotel porter.
$25 and found; pantry man, silver man an. I
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
RED CKOSS EMPLYOMENT AGENCY.
CC2 Clay st. Phone Jamea 247ft.
Nevada. Government Job. Nevada.
Laborers, teamsters, drillers.
20 laborers, south. $2 25 day.
15 teamsters. $2 80 day.
You want work. See the Red Cross. 603
Clay «t.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12.
Walter, country, f »0; dishwasher. $30; cook,
$40; day clerk, city, $35.
WANTED — Flrst-clasa assistant marine en-
gine and boiler draughtsman; $4 per diem:
-an examination will be held at the office of
the U. S. Inspector of Machinery. Union
Iron Works, San Francisco, Cal.. July 22.
1904, to fill the above position. For applica-
tion and further Information, address U." S.
Inspector of Machinery. Union Iron Works,
San Francisco, Cal.
' ~~ ALL ' '
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks xequired: positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalosue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Gentleman of courteous and 'slsaa-
Ing- address to act as floor walker In a larj*
mercantile establishment: must have best ct
references. Apply box 2202, Call office.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, homa
evenings, $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept, S 4.
box 1411, Philadelphia. Pa.
THREE young men to do janitor work outsida
school hours In exchange for tuition. Cali-
fornia Business College. 925 Oolden Uate ave.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith; young man for
repair work only. KOHR'S Electrical Repair
Co., Polk and Sacramento streets.
WANTED— 1 or 2 men to learn a good trad*-
steady work; no night or Sunday work- 9-i
security needed. Apply 310% Folsom. upstairs.
WANTED— Stenographer, yoany man. "inquire
of elevator man. Sheldon bldg., 421 Market.
FIRST-CLASS barber. 12 California st.
ENERGETIC, hustling man of good adJress.
Apply 121 Geary St.. room 620.
WANTED— Extra good bushelman. Apply 3.
N. WOOD & CO.. T40 Market st.
BOY to feed Job press;" experienced. EDWARD
KNOWLES COMPANY. 24 Second st.
WANTED— Man and wife as cook and waiter;
25 to 30 jrten. . 1814 San Bruno ave.
BARBER, 12 months' experience, wanta st?ady
place. Address box 1001. Call office.
POOP barber. 1C5 Sansome st. _
BARBERS — For sale, two-chair shop; sacrlSca
- if sold at once. 1547 Mission st. __
RELIABLE man for steady light work ; paj *
$20 week. HIS Market at., room 1.
WANTED— Night steward: must understand
restaurant buslnew: strictly sober: furnish
recommendation and "bends. Call 38 Fourth
¦WANTED— Thoroughly experienced optician.
Apply box 1S47. Call office. __
MAN to take orders tor printing. Arpty 513
Filbert «U
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
' universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
I without removal ; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. ,F; Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 30S Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. -•,-¦.-¦'...- . :
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINCt'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1800 Har->'
rison st. ; Al cleaning; 3c. TeL Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
'ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.": tel. Mission 263.
OESTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $3 .50; fillings, 50c;
plates. }5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental 1-arlors, 24 Sixth.
.DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $S per set; extracting 50c: sas given.
DR. KNOX dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1095 Market. 2d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low prices. •
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tists. Dr. P«rkins. Mgr., 969 Mission.. cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.rl4. 1st
floor. Phelan bid., .806 Market, cor. O'Farrell:
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
rain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt2(V4 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS A>6 SEAMSTRESS*^*
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. .
E. R. AYRES. .founder, and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management. Com-
bined .course. $5 a month; life- scholarship,
$30. Day. evening. Bancroft bids 723
Market st.
A B.IGGER sctiool than ever. On June 1 we
. niQyed to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for f-tudents than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
A ->¦ METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 002 Van Ness: finds 'employment;
day, ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bu*. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bopkkeeptng; $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults, Mon. and Frl. evgs; JOv_l
nlles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons daily. Fin^
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil. <?lec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
de.r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
WESTERN BuKlnesn CoUeee, 1107 Mkt. com-
plete course, 6 mo«$30. eve- ..$4 mo; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c halt hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Ml^lon. nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OVKICBS. ,
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment* office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, S3U Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
ChintS" help. 426 Powell *t.; teL Main 57(52.
CHINESE Employment Office-- Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton";
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.; tel Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
KMl'LOVWCNT WA\TKI) FKM*AI K.
SCANDINAVIAN cook. German cook. North
German nurse. French second girl, American
nurse girl wish situations. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. ,
COMPETENT, steady woman will do house-
work or downstairs work; is good cook and
bread maker; will do some wash; wages $15
to $1S. Please call 112 Tehama st. oft 2d.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper for a
widower's family; no objection to going a
•short distance In the country. Address 528
Third st., city. -
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes position as working housekeeper; take
full charge; very fond of children; last place
7 years, wages §25 up. Address box :5117,Call.
COMPETENT girl to do cooking and some
housework; wages $25 to $30; ( or will do
, housecleanlng by the day; $1 50 and car fare.
Call at 103 Fulton rt.
WANTED — A position as cook on a ranch a
short distance from the city. Address 523
Third St., city. .. v ' .
WANTED-^General | housework; experienced
woman: good plain cook; small family. 314
Jessie st.. near Fourth.
A WAITRESS, \ experienced, wants position;
hotel or restaurant. 324 Mason st., phone
Black 2300.
AMERICAN woman, has child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason St., phone
Black 2336.
YOUNG lady, good appearance; position mil-
linery or candy store; experience. E. W.,
600 Geary st. / .
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for -men;
, country. 324 Mason st., phone Black 2390.
A YOUNG woman wants work of any kind by
the day. Phone Scott 1324, after 6 p. m.
EXPERIENCED teacher ,' wishes situation;
coaches public school pupils in all studies;
day or evening; arithmetic: foreigners taught
English. MRS. M. K. SMITH.' 912 Pine at.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
housework. Please call at 2661 Twenty-
. second st., near Bryant. '
YOUNG German lady wishes position In fine
family to do light housework or to, take care
of one or two children; cannot speak Eng-
lish; no high wages but home preferred.
Box 3273. " Call office.
GIRL, 16. wants to work on ranch during sum.
• mer in family with no girls; hot«,«. more
than wages; no postals. Address LIONE
STAFFORD,. Napa, Cal.
COMPKTKNT and~ experienced stenographer
desires good position; good references. Box
1730. Call office. ¦¦ - ,-
MIDDLE-AGED Catholic woman wishes posi-
tion in small German family; general house-
work. Inquire 632 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
A YOUNG woman with experience wishes a
position to run a rooming-house. Box 1819
Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper and stenographer : . 5
I years' experience, desires position; refer-
ences; $12 week. Box 1SC2.. Call office.-
DRESSMAKING by the day; experienced;
, good fitter; quick worker. Tel.' Scott 1871,
evenings -only. . ¦; . \' '* '
WOMAN wants work by the- day "washing or
,: housecleaning: $1 5O and- ear fare. Address
or call on MRS. OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day;
¦ will go out. 407 Van Ness; phone MIntJ4S6.
A *: WHITE lady? would * like V; work by day or
week./ Address MRS. S.. 127 Set^nd St.. r.-7.
JAPANESE woman wants "a position . as cook
. and - to do ¦ general housework ; In family in
- city. ' U.' LAGUTI, '409 Post st.
JAPANESE girl wishes situation; - plain cook
, and housework. MISS YOSHI. 518 Jessie st. ;
." phone South 09. ' -;.¦: "-.; K-'j.
JAPANESE': young, lady deelres a position to
: do cooking and. housework in private 'family;
. 1 understands ¦ thn care of "children. Address
997' Market St.. room 108. " ;
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT/ ads and subscriptions ' taken * for The
, Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
• Loix; i > <; mnisEs for sale — Con..
.A— CAMERON & CO.. ? Phone South 1050
- 3 Eddy Bt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All • Kinds of Business . Chances. ;-il >"
108 > rooms; .cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, 1 - up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be: run In conjunction^if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash,, bal-
ance can be paid out or the house; other* busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
IS, rooms; rent only $75; well -furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to. $500 per
month; one of the best buysYin the city.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; ¦ part cash, balance time ; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing i $350 to $400 per
month; call for Particulars.' •
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished;' cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per 'cent per annum; d.parture.
7-room flat;- rent $40: oak. furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' "lease; fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything
in first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; it run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California: must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70: fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700. ,.
128 rooms; cheap. rent; long leas:; first-class
up-to-date 'downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $. r >00 to' $600 per month; must sell on
account of other busln«.ss;only with u».
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
hour-e; elegantly furnished and (quipped;
cheap rent; fine. lease, paying $500 to $600 per
month; cloee in; full nice people; barealn It
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain .on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob.
Hill; doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade; always on
hand. , CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomer?, low rent.. 1C00
115 rooms, low rent, country transient. 51)00
31 rooms, rent only ?."> 50")
40 rooms, rent $7(t, transient I5O0
81 rooms, rent' $3 per room 3400
Hotels and roadhcuse and all kinds of busi-
ness-sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A GOOD opportunity: rooming-house of 12
rooms; rent $20; water fres; near carhouse:
rooms always occupied; a genuine bargain;
best reasons for selling: only prospective
cash buyers need apply; price $i;00. 1748, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE, 36 rooms, for sale; central
location; well furnished; light rooms. Box
3274. Call office. •
45-ROOM corner house; $123 rent: steady and
transient trade; my failing health only cause
of sellins. Box 2«90, Call office.
FOR sale^ — Well paying 21 -room lodging-house.
Inquire at grocery. 1030 Folsom st.
WASHINGTON. 2 — 13-room house furnished
complete: gcod business.
Sl'I RITUALISM.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. ,. 14S Sixth st.
Mrs, E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium anU
life reader. 1208 Market St.. Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDEKFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He is no imitator. His work is upon original
lines: Pure thought/clear vision. He tells
you what you desire to know and works In the
open light. f
¦ He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he Is for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness.
.A test reading Is not a life reading: when
you call on Prof. Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $!; a test Is of little
value; when the mind is troubled you need
more substantial aid and advice; this is Just
what Prof. Livingstone gives you when you call
on him for a first-class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know,- ..._¦
Would It not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are troubling you, and of the schemes of
yuor enemies, that you may meet with bettjjr
success? w
He does not mention ail the Ills and misfor-
tunes you are heir to; you are acquainted with
the facts in your case; let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the/ matters • that are troubling you.
fln.i the cause of the trouble and suggest the
remedy.
His only reason for giving your name in full
or any Important Information you may desire
is that he does thU incidentally as a chain to
read by
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 428 EDDY ST.;
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
AA — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $L
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell J-our name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wlfo
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry, in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you deelre. win the one. you
love, bring back your loved one. ( and causa
marriage with one of choice.' 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell at.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, . . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or"
have domestiWlove or- business troubles, con-
nult this great medium and you will be told
how - to ' overcome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed:, open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wllle. S30 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
v tal teer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: parses given: special. $1: hours 10 to 3.
ISMAR,. Egyptian Kerens, The Vendome. 1104
Market. St.. San Francisco. Office -hours — 10
• . a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day | evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. ; "
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg, palmist.- clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life: business advice;'
. names given: "5c up. S35 Howard. bet.4tb&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card r»-ad-
-er;tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates.
• facts ; , readings daily. ; 017 Market, room 3.
MME. WALTERS, great card ¦ reader; la. 25c,
gents 50e. CM Mission St., nr. tith: open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU,: card reader;- ladies." 25c;
, gents, 50c. .-. S45 Minna et. __
GO and see ;Mme.; Hoffman, the wonder .of the
" age. 1207 Market , St., room 11. ' ____
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known t ortune-
teller. Is now at 317. Ellis St. ____
. ' COTT AQE8— STTBPBB AIT. ___
FOR summer ' outing— Fine; new cottage; fur-
"* nlshed;i woods; mountains; fine trout stream;
?20 per month. Box '3259. Call office.
CtOTHIgb B-yOTATCTO.
SUITS cleaned and ', pressed. « $1 : scouring and
~ i dyeing. Bon Marche, 1 ; 40 . Ellis St.; . room 14;
phone Drumm 44; Call for. and deliver free.
BAD .tenants ejected- for $4; collections made;
.. city , or < country.; Pacific Collection Co.. 415
- Montgomery. ¦ rooms 9-10; tel Main 5580.
v -.; . •-¦*• . CUBES EUPTUitE. . 'y.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
. diecomf ort. 120U Market st. ; send for circular.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
eery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders: outfit free; experience and capital
not ntceesary If you have push and energy;
a few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chlco Nursery" Co.; Chlco, Cal.
AGENTS wanted to sell the most useful article:
big money In It; a great seller; send for
apents' circulars. Address S. A. RICHMOND.
1224 Halght st.. San Francisco. ¦ ¦-
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is j
a decided improvement on building and loan I
is worth having. Great Western Improve- j
ment Company. Parrott building. j
WE have good positions for a number of ex-
rwrinnced sewlne machine solicitors. White
Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st. and 1841
Fillmorp st. .
AGENTS, here Is your chance; $90 to $80 per
month and expenses. Call and see W. T.
CARL. 1478 Market st.
ATTOIIXEYS-AT-LAW.
~~. W HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jestie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: no pay In advance: mining com-
panies organised; patents obtained; wills, deeds,
collections; detectives employed. .
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for copsulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands ot
poldiers. Bailors , widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs. $72; Quick, quiet; advice
free: all law bu tines t: no charge unless suc-
cessful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 80L
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business: office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33.
L. S CLARK, 927 Market et.: consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
A~TOMOBtI.ES. '•
WANTED — To buy a second-hand White
Stanhope automobile In good running order.
Address box 3299. Call office.
FOR sale — A runabout automobile; nearly new;
first-class condition. Box 3199, Call office.
POPE Toledo car for sale; reasonable. Box
3268. Call office.
FOR sale — A Rambler touring car. Box 3288,
Call office. ..
FOR sale — CADILLAC; seats four; canopy top;
perfect condition. Box 3211, Call office.
DALY & CURRAX. »cond-hand booksellers,
removed from 206 Powell et.. to 857 Geary at.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $At; CORNER saloon; lent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
Ms. ; a good business ; owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny at.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance: restaurant in San Rafael; daily re-
ceipts $25; rent $30; good business; value
In Eight; patronized by best class of people.
See R: G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A— $1000; SALOON In the Potrero. with 6
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
rood business; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny £ L
A— $SO0; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine buslnees: sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $4500; SALOON, located In WatsonvlUe;
rent $47 50; 3 years' lease: a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed I in the
tewn. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2tJV4
Kearny st.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel in the best business
town 80 miles frcm city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business In the interior. Call R G.
WILKE. 2C% Keatny st.
A — $5500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value tn
6ight; one of the beet offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2C%
Kearny st.
A— $650; SALOON, with 8 rooms, in West
Berkeley; rent ?20; location first-class; full
value in elect. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. t
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner." saloons in this city;
receipts about ?40; place clears net
above $U0O per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease; net rent $3o; location
first-class 'and a fine paying: business: will
etand fullest Investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2<H2 Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent £150; lease; plats estab-
lished years; flm-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A — $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month: location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
2C% Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 30 rooms: piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. C_ WILKE. 26%
Kearny ft, >
A— $35C0; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75: net rent $25; fine busmen;
elegant fixtures; choicest ctock of wines,
liquors, etc. See n. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— 5450; ROADHOCSE: 4 rooms; dance~ha!l:
6->>ar lease; splendid business opening. See
R. G WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barioom. with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st".. vlcinltv of
California: place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner See R G.
WILKE. 1-6% Kearny et.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dinlns-room: 37 beds;
rood furniture; lease; place paying well, oes
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
flOO WILL buy a gcxxl paying restaurant.
HAWKS. & MEHKTENS.
HARDWARE and paint business, established
20 years by present owner, will be sold at
invoice. on account of falling health.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh and Rail-
road ave., Alameda.
GOOD paying bakery: fine store trade; for
?ale v.t a nreat sacrifice. HAWKS &
MEHP.TEN3. 7th and R. R. ave., Alameda.
FOI^. sale or rent cheap — A hotel which is
practically new; capacity 20 rooms: unfur-
nished: all modern conveniences; located in
the village of Freestone. For further infor-
mation apply to I. T. WARD, Freestone, ,
Sonoma County, Cal.
WELL-PAYING old established art and
store, centrally located, beautifully equipped;
will exchange* for country property; must
tell ut once, account severe sictfness; no
reasonable offer refused; inveetlgate this.
Address Box 3255 Call office.
FOR pal* — Coffee, tea and spice route over
IS years' standing; eclling on account of re-
tiring from business. For particulars in-
quire at 119 Frcnt St.. between. 11 a. m.
*nd 1 p. m.
I JtOO — OYSTER and chop house; must be sold
account of sickness: nr. Examiner .building;
private rooms; 2 entrances. McMJLTs.'.
7. r .9 Market st.
PROFESSIONAL woman, with property for le-
gltlmate, profitable business, desires partner
with capital; Investigate. Box 1882, Call.
GROCERY for tale; good trade in a grov..ng
neighborhood; will sell reasonable; sickness
| taUt ' e -' Addreea Box 1446. Call office. ,•
WOOD, coal and -hay yard for sale in good
- location in the Mission; established 14 years
Address box 32(31. CaJI office.
?250— PASTRIES, notions & confectionery,
laundry agency: 3 furn rms and basement;
electricity;large stock; fine trade. 625 Taylor.
FIRST-CLA8S ! delicatessen; fine location: will
nell at great sacrifice. See owner. 40S
O'Farrcll Bt. .
FOR sale — A large bakery in country; clears
.- $400 a month; must be sold on atcount going
out of business. Address box 3137, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
sold at once; cheap rent: lease. 'Box 1228
Call cf flee. Oakland.
$350 — DAIRY and delicacy stores, with living
rooms. 379 Hayes st.
GROCERY and liquors; good location; 4 living
rooms; must sell; particulars. 4312 19th st.
RESTAURANT for sale- In Western Addition;
I good location. Box 1811/ Call office. ¦¦
I $450— ELEGANT .candy and ice - cream store;
. living rooms; rent $35.-210 Fourth.
I $2250— PARTNER * wanted in good paying
* country hotel.. Principal, box 1881, CalL
THE CALL
JOIIX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHV Mc.V AUGHT 3Ianager
TV. J. MAKT1X Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
rubMcation Orfice Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered ty Carriers. 20 Cts. Per "^> ek « n
CU,. Per Month. Single Copies 5 V™- ,,,
Terms by Mai! Including Postage (C*eb Wlia
Order):
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year...*5.w
DAIT.Y CALL <indud. Sunday). <J mo»... *^w
DAILY CALL— Ey Ftngle Month •«
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year * •£?
WEEKLY CALL. I Year •_. ; .
FORSrGN I !_2&P P7r Year gg
POSTAGE. Jweeldy. 1.00 Per Year Extra
*LL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£*»ple Copies will be forwarded when re-
cueeted.
MfiJI *ub*cr!bere change of afl-
iress thould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
cuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: ,
JC1C Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFTCEt ; 5"«-
gKS Center Etreet Telephone Vort- Tl
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Welflorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentsno. 31
rnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
Eue Hotel cut Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
JCortbem Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Uotei; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CA"RLTON Herald EQuart
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CalL
Corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
U P.m.
C2T Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:"0 p. m.
5P0 Hayes Ftreet; open cntll 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CT5 L-^rkin street, open until 5:30 p. ml*
1&41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
t2«l Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open until
» r. m.'
1U; Eleventh street; open ontil 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
epen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: op«n until 9 p. m.
g200 Fill more street; open until 9 p. m.
MKKTrXG XUTICES.
NOTICE — The meeting of the CONFER- «
ENCE COMMITTEE of the Scottish
Itite Terr:j>!e Association, called for /^r\
.Tuly 12, has been postponed to TUES-
DAY, August 0. Committees ! please take
notice. GEORGE VARCOE, Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge. U. D.. F. and ~
A. M.. Mission Temple — Fim de*Te«
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 XX
o'clock. By order of th- %V. M. / >
A. A. ANDERSON. Tern. Secretary.
COLDEN^GATE Lodre No. 30. F. and <*
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- yV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- /^^
or.d degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. «
M.— Third decree THIS fTUESDAY) W
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. /?*.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O. __— __.„_
F.— Installation or officers THISy_jS$£*t.
fTUESDAY) EVENING. Vi^it-^fsa^JPfe*
ing brothers cordially in\-lted. ""^f^A^ 5 *
J. R. MONISON. R. S.
ANNUAL meeting — The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the
company. No. 29S Steuart street, San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 1st day of August,
VJbi, at 31 a. m - *
" AUGUSTUS TAYLOR, Secretary.
6PRFX7KELS Su— tr Company. NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
nwtinr of the stockholders of the Spreckels
Sujar Company will be held at the office
of the company. S27 Market st.. San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 25th day of July,
1904, at the hour of 11 a. m., for the pur-
pc*e of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
ff such other business as may come before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
on Friday. July 22. 11*04. at 3 p. m.
V.'. II. HANNAM. Secretary.
MONTEREY County Water Company. Notice
of annual meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the ttc-kholders of the Monterey
County Water Orrnijany -will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market Et., San
Frauclseo. on MONDAY, the 25th day of
Ju!y, 1905, at the hour of 11:30 a. m." for
th* purpose of electing a board of directors
to Et-rve fcr th* ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the rneftlnu. The transfer books
¦will close on Friday, July 22, 1904. at 3 p.m. i
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
PICNIC— The twenty-ninth annual picnic of
the Loyal Orange Institution will be held at
Shell Mound Park. 15«rkp!ey, Tuesday, Ju'y
12. Valuable gate and game prizes. Good
music.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY? office of
fcecretary. New York, June 15. 1904./ Notice
to rtockholdern.
To tl* Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice is hereby given that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
et a meeting this day held called a special
rc«<tirg of the stockholders of eaid company '
to convene at the office- of the company la
Beechrcont, Jefferson County. Kentucky, on
W«Mjne*day. the twentieth day of July, 1904,
st 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time, to consider
sr:d act ujjori resolutions to be brought before
TbTn at said meeting In substantially the form,
and to the effect following, viz:
•Resolved <1), that tbe capital stock of the
Southern Pacific Company be increased ere
hundred millirn dollars by issuing one million
adilltloraJ tharee r-t the par value of one hun-
dred dollar* each."
•¦Jle*»olved i2). that the said Increased stock
»h«U be pref erred etor.k; that the holders of
rtKk referred stock ahall be entitle! to divl-
derds in each fiscal year at tuch rate not ex-
cee&irjs seven per cent per annum,' payable
temi-antiually out of the net prcflts, as 6hall
b*- declared by the board of directors before
eny fiiridstd shall be declared on the common
rtock; that such dividends shall be non-cumu
lative; that tho holders of such preferred stock
thall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
ctber or further rhare of the profits cf the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
crmrany, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
of preferred rtock f hall be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the atseu of the com
;;any shall be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock: that said preferred clock shall be
'.fr-.ied and tsoid from time to time to such
emoucu and in euch manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine but
«t not loss than the par value of the shares-
that it rhail be convertible into common stock'
thare for rhare, at the option of the holders'
et any time; and Fhall be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any time after
the fi«t day of July. 1905. and before the flm
day of July. 1910. at one hundred and fifteen
dollars per share."
"Resolvea <3). that the board o? directors
shall be and they are hereby authorized to e«-
tablish, frcm time to time, and enforce all
Furh rules and regulations respecting the is
*uo. sale, redemption and conversion of such
Btook. not inconsistent herewith as In the
Jui^ment of the board may be necessary or
i'xpedient." *
For the purpose of such ppedal meeting the
ttock transfer books of the company will ha
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p m and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1904. »t io o'clock
&. ra.
• ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary and Clerk.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
cif ty for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July IS. 1904. at 4 o'clock pm
when a board of trustees will 'be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ASTHMA SEMEPT. " V.
A. DI Nola's AetJ^aa Remedy relieves instant-
'v. !Oc. 2Sc SOc 1C02 Market St. Nicholas.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
FURNISHED rooms and board for children!
best of reference* and mother's care. 316
Fifth a*e. t Richmond.
;
A— CAMERON & CO. — —Phone South 1050.
3 Eddv St.. cor. Market and Powell. ,
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 0-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furntsriea and .. equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets;, everything
strictly new and' modern: accommodate 1~
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. » ' - -
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED to exchange income property in Ala-
meda for stoc 5 * of merchandise In S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO..3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Carriage and wagon factory, and
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with-moderntools,-etc. ;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business cHances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot, S 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
i $350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007%
Market st.. room 1. < ¦*
$1050 — CANDY and icecream store; more than
$1050 stock; also factory; fine location; $15
daily receipts. Inquire 1007% Market st.. r. 1.
$750 — BRANCH bakery, delicacy, candy and,
notion store; 4 nice living rooms and yard;
receipts $10 day;flne cash trade. 1007% Mrkt.
$2200— COUNTRY hotel; great summer resort;
big transient trade; large dining-room seat-
Ing $21*0; plenty dishes and tableware; rent,
water and electric lights $25; a rare chance.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1009% Market st.
$900 — BEST paying delicatessen store In liveli-
est part of city; daily receipts $40; will stay
to teach business; value in sight. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 100S% Market st.
$350 BUYS a well-paying branch bakery and
delicatessen store; desirable location. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 100S% Market st.
$400 PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
$3500 — Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, good barg.
$225-$3000 — Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$S50-$8000 — Saloon with leases; good bargain.
$85O-$50C0 — Grocery & bars; stand Investig.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
GROCERY and bar at Invoice; snap.
$1100 and ?500— Swell flats; Van Ness ave.
$r-00 — Grocery and liquor store; good trade.
Pacific Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market St.
$500 SECURES interest and position In manu-
facturing business; party wanted to oversee
help attend shipments, etc. ; nothing diffi-
cult. Office, 247 Fifth.' st. city.
SMALL rooming-house and restaurant, seats 52
people, located in the factory district; must
sell quickly on -S-ccount of sickness. Box
3133. Call office.
A--?2r>0; PARTNER wanted In light business;
must be satisfied with $15 to $35 a week.
231 Post st.. room 6.
YOUNG man with $250 and satisfied with $75
monthly wanted as partner in established
and genteel business. Apply 235 Kearny st.
MAN with $500 to loan or put In business;
S75 monthly: best of security; light work.
See PETERS. 36 Geary St., room 0.
FOK sale — Cheap: saloon and 4 rooms, v all fur-
nished, and kUehen; centrally located; city.
Call a 409 Sansome St.
FOR eale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of . Inquire 159 4th.
WANTED — Steady man for steady place; will
pay $90 a month. C32 Market st., room 6.
RESTAURANT and delicacy fixtures for sale
and store to let. Call 9 o'clock, 411 Turk et.
WANTED — To buy a hat store. Address box
32S3. Call. .
HERE Is a chance to make money at home:
send $2 to S. H. STUART, 415 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland, and learn how to make mir-
rors (looking-glass), bore holes In glass, _cut (
glass In any shape without diamond or steel
wheel; right In your own town; this Is a
money -maker; satisfaction guaranteed.
CANDY business; Powell St.; within block of
Hotel St. Francis and theaters; valuable lo-
cation; splei did opportunity; business estab-
lished; expensive fixtures; $3000; other inter-
ests. Address Box 1714. Call office. •
FOR lease, hotel furnished complete; accom-
modate 22 boarders: two bars; two dining-
rooms; best location' in California! Ad-
dress box 1244. Call office, Oakland.
FCR\sale in »- pood town in Alameda County
hctel of 22 bedrooms, parlors, dining-rooms,
car>1rooms, barroom, etc.; rent $50r Income
$9C0 per month.. Address box 3294, Call.
I WISH to sell nly half-Interest In grocery and
bar and family liquors on a good corner in
the Mission; average daily sates $37 60; price
$1000. Address bcx 31!)7. Call office.
PARTNER to join me in manufacturing llmi-
ment; must have $1500 cash; your money
secured by real estate. D. W. PHILBRICK,
449% Guerrero st.
PARTNER, with small capital, for oyster
house; good Ftand- good locality. Address
box 1243. Call of flee. Oakland, v
FOR sale — Cigar store and laundry branch, slot
machine; cood established trade. Box 1832,
Call office.
CORNER grocery; bar; fine fixtures;' long
lea^e; low rent; doing good business: bar-
gain if sold in few days. D., 3153 24th st.
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard. Ad-
dress box 3t'fi2. Call office.
FOR SALE — Fine grocery, also liquors; parties'
going East; corner Duncan and Guerrero.
FOR SALE — Saloon. Call at Western Rubber
Stamp Works, 521 Mission st.
A HRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of a jvertlstments and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ' . - ¦ .
LOl)r.l\G-HOi;SK8 t KOK 8AL E-
MARION GRIFFIN';
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for Bale.
60 rooms; corner house; new; above ordinary
in modern conveniences; elegantly furnished In
mahogany and £lrdseye maple: clearing $260
mo. ; $4C0O cash required. MARION GRIFFIN.
• 130 rooms, new, modern hotel; If you want
a bargain, get particulars at once. M. Griffin.
4 4 rooms; guaranteed to clear $200 per mo. ;
$200 cash; eel particulars. MARION GRIFFIN.
•* 11 rooms; corner house; an ideal home and
money maker; owner sick In country; must be
sold at once. See MARION GRIFFIN. •
70 rooms; 2. 3 and 4 room suites with baths;
beyond question the most magnificently furn.
apartments'ln city; for price, terms, etc., see
my exclusive oeent. MARION GRIFFIN.
$3500 buys this week only. 80-room house;
newly furnished; in splendid condition: every
room occupied by steady roomers; rent $250;
long lease: profit $2^0 mo. Marlon Griffin.
24 rooms: all on 1 flocw always full and easy
to take care of ;¦ for., qu^.k sale reduced ' from
$1000 to $1000; % cash for a bargain; see my
only<agcnt. MARION GRIFFIN. r
$3500; 33 rooms; beautiful corner house; part
cash; lalanceto be paid out of earnings of
houwv which is over $300 per month. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN. .
$1800; 22 rooms; corner house:. rent $110; run
by present owner 3; years; Ideal home and al-
ways cure to clear more than $70 every 'month.
MARION GRIFFIN. .
$200 cash is all you need to buy 18 ' rooms
with almost new furniture; where on earth can
you beat this offer for a business that is clear-
ing over $65 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.'
If you are looking for a hotel; lodging-house-
or apartmenl-houpe, - It - will pay ¦ you - to o»e
MARION GRIFFIN..
Room;40C, Examiner bldg., S. F., Cal. '..".-'-:
A— $50f;0; LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kept
by owner 25 years; rent $200; lease; fine fur-
niture! place clearing above $350 per, month;
s vicinity Market and Kearny • sts. Box 2700.
Call office. , , • /¦• ... •':.. [ . ¦¦"; -'"' ':,
FOR sale for $3000, the best paying lodglng-
house on Market St.; 34 rooms; rent: $180;
Ieas<»: income average $370 per month ;- full
investlratica allowed Address box 3217,
Call office. : . . ¦ . :•,:, .-.,--¦¦ •; _ .
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.' ~~~
If you want to buy a, house, or flat on easy
terms, large; list -to select, frorrE . V '
FOR sale or exchange for rear estate— 20 rooms,
. rent $40 ; with lease, ; $450. '; 547; Howard st.
24-ROOM . housekeeping house; v great ' bargain;
account sickness. 743 Eddy sU- '"- * "...
YOU WANT i^t* TO BE KNOWN TO THOSE II TO KNOWTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1904.
13
HFLT* WlVTED— MAI.K- -Cnntlnncrt.
A— MURRAY _ READY. C34-C36 CLAY ST.
I-_or.c Main SM8.
Leadirur Employment and Labor Agents.
We tpcajc the German. French. _ Italian,
Koar.cJinavian, Gntk, Spanish, Slavonian and
¦ •:¦.:. :>i. ..::¦-•-. ;Ti;(.f.
2 :•<•:{ We c;a\e 19C4 We Hope to
00,000 Hen Work. Increase (30,000.
11" hs.fi arrived. Now at our office".
Representative or United States Government
Work beir.s done close to W—ds WOTt— ,
In fctaic cf Nevada.
K.-t-v f_re to one. to all, to you.
Hackers. $70; «e '>>..<».
Ttes—ttcn, $75; see bo?s.
Laborer*, $75; «>te boss.
Ijrl'ie™. ?iK); see boF3.
Concrete mlxera, $75: s*-e boss.
Call <*rlv; see representative at our office;
£i>t-cUi3s rood and accommodations; steady
EANTA FE R. R.
1CD3 Mile*. FLORENCE. $10 50.
ARIZONA.
Via Prtfcott. 8 P. M. daily.
Drillers-. $3 to $.1 50. Center
TraiMters. ?2 to J2 50. of
Laborer*, $2 to $2 60. Great Mines.
To Loe Axtcele*. every day, big wages.
— j5 Teamsters.
$60 Month ror You.
Fare by Railroad — Only— $4 CO
Orfice Fcejn— That's All.
COOKS.
3 co^kf, boarding hotel?, $40 and $55 found.
4 dish tad i«t washer*. $25 and $.<0 found.
waiters.
2 waiters, commercial hotel, south. $30 fd.
CTaiten. fare $2. came place. $15 found.
W alter, first-class city hotel. $35 found.
WaJ;er. *1 75 fare. $S week _r.d found.
3 vcit«-. city hotels. S. F.. $30 found.
5 porters and bellboys
ui-xnp.Y "help.
Body lroner. country, fare $1 25. $10 week.
Ir.T.«r. poM-her. countrv. fare $1 25, $15 wk.
.'•.-• hand, fiv week
MECHANICAL.
Csrpepter and cabinet maker, rtair building,
'ity, $4 da;-.
Phirrle Jointer. I* Co.. Soncma Co.. $30,
$^.» and found. .
4 riumb^rs. *4 day. country.
CARPENTERS.
neelwrigfct, conlare workF. $3 dav
Carpenter, fare j#v ti day
l.X.:'tilR. ETC.
Oxen teemster, farr *•_• 50, $50 and found.
•Jrader. lurrler comranv. north $30
Tail edgcrman. fare *3." (2 25 day.
Gang edeermrn. lumber company.
FpooiTcnder, lumber m. # ncuth. $50 found.
12 nonpars, t itc* work, steady. loe barrel.
» sash and Chat hmada $3 W> .lay.
2 lumber prsders. bo«s her>. $t»0.
I/umber irrader. boss here. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company. $40 end found.
Gang edirerman. lumber company, $75.
•i mea, make stave* and split staves, redwood.
r>Oi-5 hero. $50 found: 2 screw turners: 2 car-
riage tetters; hook tender; 5 shingle packers;
sticker hand.
155 Woodchepprs.
ir.5 Tie and Ticket Makers.
Tools", provisions, all found: good prices.
T> hand miners, mine, southeast, $S2 50.
I^iborpr. do little butchering, mine, f _ 50 fd.
\\cy learn cabinet trade city, $4 week.
Gang charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milker*. $30. $.:r. and found.
12 farmers. $."in end found.
1? chcremen. hoys, $3t> to $15 found.
12 ftabkmen. $30 found. $60. $75.
LABORER?— TEAMSTERS.
_ laborers and teamstem. 12 and $2 25 day.
12 laborers fcr mines, you'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
XIan nnd wife. fru : .t ranch. Placer County,
|T«0 and found.
FOR A MINE.
Chorerian and wife. German or French, $60
and found.
MURRAY _ READY, C34-C36 Clay at.
FROM 10 A. M. TO-DAY.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
WANTED.
13 machine miners and timbermen. $90.
10 ordinary miner* and timbermen, $S2 SO.
12 f.rst-olass miners for shaft repairs and
ninkinr. ?t*».
».'< carmm and Ehoveler*. depending on eklll
fC7 to S75.
2 < ngineers and watchmen <\-ery little hoist-
ing*. »97 50.
3 ennrin^erp, regular hoimin*. $1O5.
3 fire-m^n (for oil burner?), depend upon ex-
.perience. $75 to $82 50. |
'.i assistant machinists who can run a lathe
$W.
4 machinery and compressor men, $90.
6 Rkippers. underground. $S2 .".0.
« chuck tender* who can mine, $75.
6 top carmen, one to drive mule, $C7 50:
<S rock breakermen. $C7 50.
2 miners working on top chain drill. $s_ 50.
2 carpenters who can aseiPt running hoist
engine, $90.
Conor ntratorf. Mill men.
Amalgamator*. Watchmen.
Assayer* and lot of other help.
No other information given until you
SEE MANAGER
At our office. That's business.
MURRAY — READY. 634-C36 Clay Ft.
FARE PAID TO-DAY— 35 ITALIANS
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
Laborer* in lumber woods. $35 and found.
Boi>» In our office early.
MT'RRAY _ READY. 634-J38 Clay st.
TO LOS ANGELES. $4 60.
By Santa Fe R. R., 6 p. m. daily.
155 teamsters. fCO.
The land of Funshine, fruit and flowera.
Highland, R^dlands. Riverside. Pomona,
' » cter of orange and lemon groves
MURRAY & READY. C34-638 Clay at.
AT MIDNIGHT THEY "
BY WIRE AND LETTER.
6 laborers, section. R. R., sawmill, you'll
<3o, $C0. . •^~~.-
5 WATCHMEN*. $73.
Night pener. city wholesale house. $40.
Waiter, arm wrrk Fresno Co., $40 found
Cook, hotel, mine town, fare $2. $*0 to $45
end found.
2 porters, city, first-class hotels. $25 found.
MOLDERS* HELPERS.
12 mo!de— • helpers, little »»xp., $2 day.
IH shiTigler*. city and country. $2 day.
Man run wood turning lathe. $3 day.
3 brick wheelers, south, fare $3, $C7 50.
-•' I \ A k __ 1 1 9- .
3 TTj!!k«r«<. f>r*ther, $10 found.
SHIP OWNERS AT OUR OFT ICE.
KKermsn. lumV-r company, north. $40 fd.
Out-cff eawjf-r. usf-4 to boring machine. $2.
4 laborers Sonoma County, lumber company,
fare $2. $30 and found.
2 jfboren, railroad work, lumber company.
riortn, »oo.
Band cawyer. understand Elmonsen and nigr-
ARE YOU A
Handy man? K!r»t-elaes city hotel carpen-
tering, carpet laying, etc., extra good job.
$40 and found.
SPECIAL.
Stableman and keep stable books country
115 and found.
Stableman, ranch, fare $1 23. $30 and found.
Chor*man, private family. San Rafael $20
and four.S.
CALL VERY EARLY.
Hak*r, breed and cake*. f5.CC, $10 and fd.
Cook. 20 men, lumber company, fare paid.
$30 and found.
5 WATCHMEN.
__ .cksmftn helper, city, fi 75 to *2 day.
CARPENTERS.
Rcuph rarp*>nt?r. city. $-i day
C_rpe_ter for mine, fare $1 su. $3 day.
'"•Tenter, cold quarti mine boas here $90
Carr*rt*r for city factory *2 !W) to $3* day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C38 Clay tt.
ITALIANS OR GREEKS,
u.i laborer*. ii»-w work, board yourselves.
- SPANIARDS OR MEXICANS.
Ioj laborer*, r.ev.- work, txmrd youmelvea.
AUETBXAN- OR SLAVONIANS.
3.<T> laborer*. r*iv vork boapl yourselves.
SEE HEAD P.. R. OrFir-jAL. HE WILL
TALK AT OUR OFFICE.
MURK AT _ KKA_y. Ci+-t«t; Clay at.
TOGETHEH.
- vraltrr*. country rorrniercisl hotel. $30 fd.
I!«Jn_ker. country, big side money, $22 50
and found.
MI'RRAT _ READY. C31-C5G Clay at.
GOVERNMENT petitions— Call at 025 Golden
Gate eve., room 7. for free information an
to pnaitVw. nalar'es. age limits, etc; day
<t evening*
A MAN cf In3r.r/!itat!e energy and wish, a
nod talk.-r. ra*:rr to make monry. F. PER-
PON, «77 and 47s. Parrott building.
V ';^ TEr> ~~ St * afJy man f0T ofn>e; light work:
'• month; $i50 required; security. 1221
aUrkt-t rt.. rtom I.
TWO rou^g men and two young ladiea. agent*
ror rapid Hlins article : big money. 214 Tin*
«.. raca 20. 11 to 11 o'clock.
'KN and w C nun to learn barber trade In flvo
rZ-% \ M * mftho<J . HAIGHT. 047 Com-
_gg_«l M.; ;,aid while learning.
T Si Y v! UT reec " **"**• un^n made, at $1 and
Ir^i X • !oot - forD > shoes at $2 50: we pay
_^g^*orjBall charges. II 3d at.. Exam. b!d.
trying 3-chMr barber ahop.
__*¦ ¦>. »..>^ i.» rt ct..h»t. Howard and FolBom
I) ef_i ClCrk **" le( * ACdresa box 1K«. Call
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and 1'nfnrn.
STANYAX. 810^ — Sunny front and other rooms;
also housekeeping: facing Golden Gate Par*.
STEINER, 123 — Furnished rooms to let, with
or without board; reasonable.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERT
ROOM: ELEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free: $3 to $6 per week:
$1 to $1 50 per day; electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st— Offices oa
the first floor to let: furnished rooms In suit*
or single, by the day. week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
THE RICHMOND. 6C9 Jones— Handsomely fur.
nlshed rooms, $1 50 week; 33c to $1 day up.
THE VERNON. 1122 Market— Rooms at $2 per
week; SOc to $1 per day.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — *0O
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room: free bus; bagxags.
VAN NES3. 1314. b«t. Sutter and Bush— Aa
exceptionally desirable sunny front alcovt;
also single room; private; references.
WILLOW ave.. 14. oft Larkln st., near Eddy—
2 rooms for gentlemen; large front room.
$8; small room. $8.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d it., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
«lec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggaxs.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth at.— Rooms from 13«
to $1 per night and from 6Oc to >3 per wg»k.
EOO-S A-TI> BOABO.
HOTEL BALTIMORE-
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL, BEAUTt.
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEART.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. IIANi TER.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031. near JefTerson
Park — Sunny, furnished rooms; bath; private
family; good board; $20 and $_1; two, $'¦/¦&
and $33 month.
DOLORES, 1009 — Sunny rooms and good horn*
cooking: piano, bath. Phone 3636 Blue.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board; reas,: new mang't.
FOLSOM. 2612— Large sunny front room, with
good board. $10 per week for two.
FRANKLIN. 898 — Elpgant private home, new-
ly Jurn. sunny front rooms, suites or single;
choice, central; modern; first-class table.
Telephone Polk 207B.
HOTEL REPELIER. 781 Sutter— Suites, with
board for two. $5O per month up; single, with
board. $25 up; also rooms without board.
HOWARD. 841A— Flrst-clasa board and room,
single or double. $3-$tf wk. ; American family.
LARKIN. 1034 — Furnished room and board lr»
private family where there is some sociabil-
ity; telephone Hyde 981^
TURK. 822 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms and
good board; reasonable.
PINE, 1098 — Nicely furn. suites, single rooms;
excellent table: private; phone Polk 3001.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annei
807 California — See rooms.learn prices.try tab:»
DESIRABLE room and board for two; private;
15 min. to Kearny and Market. 409 Steiner.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ACCOMMODATION for miss engaged durln?
day: vicinity terminal Pactflc-ave. cars; gooti
reference required. Box B. 3C> Hayes st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
| , _ ~
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st.. San FrancUco.
has received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1, i:«)4: Margaret
L. Alexander. 11 years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson. 11 years 4 months; Juanlta WaU-
worth. 10 years 3 months; May Walsworth.
8 years 11 months: Vicien Dunkle, 13 yean:
Aileen Dunkle. 5 years 3 months: Doris
Dunkle. 3 years 10 months; Hazel B. Wells.
8 years 7 months: Emelle Delange. 4 years T
months; Maria Grunn. 7 years 9 months:
Nellie Conoley, 9 years 4 months: Helen
Conoley, 5 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reeves, 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves, 10 years
7 months.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted Into the orphanage from Jan-
uary 1. 1DO4. to June SO. l!)04. the following
named orphans and half-orphans, boys anri
girls, viz: Samuel Jacobs, asred 7 years 11
months; Sarah Stein, aged 5 years 8 months;
Ida May Wolf, aged S years 11 months;
Rosa Levin, aged 5 years: Louis M«*nzlnsky.
aged 10 years 3 months; Millie Goldstein,
aged 9 years 2 months; Lewis Freeman. ag*d
7 yearn: Abraham Freeman, aged 9 years.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that th* fol-
lowing orphan and halC-orphan girls and boys
have been admitted to the asylum on Hatght
street frcm April 1. 1304. to July 1. 1904:
Nellie Armstrong, 12 years 9 months; Sarah
Ellen Johnson 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell. 10 years: Lillian Postell, 12 years
10 months; Julia Hoppe. 8 years S months;
Frederick Johnson. 10 years 8 months.
SUSAN RUSSELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
Ladies! Chichester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; tafe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particular* "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchegter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT _ STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
. Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 730.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
household goods stored moved, shipped. 723.
' 731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storags Co., 3 Eddy e_;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12S.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 84O
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and' Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore at.; phono Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.. tM. Main 1"IO. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DON'T BOTHER. BUY A NEW ONE.
Send us a postal and our agent will call and
trade for your old sewing machine; we havs
a lot of slightly shop-worn Whites that we
shall sell quick at 1-3 and prices;
this Is the sewing machine bargain oppor-
tunity of a lifetime. White Sewing Machine
Co.. City offices, 300 Post st.; 1S41 Flllmor*.
St.. and 708 Valencia at.
DOMESTIC— Th« machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at aay
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic efflce. 1C21 Market st.. near Sixth.
NEW HwME — Se« cor new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $13. $20; second-
hand. $3. $3. $.V all styles; guarant'ed. N*" ?
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 10S1 Market s_
ALL kinds sewing machines reoalred. rented;
low rates: needles, parts. 22M Mission st.
Trrrw _rrx_t3 aotj i sttppi— es,
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentaU $2 30. Th»
Typewriting Exchange. S36 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 603 Market.
?XAVX.
MOTHERS* and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
VI A VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 12. 1904.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
i until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 27, 1904. and then
opened for construction of wharf at Dis-
charge" Camp, Angel Island, Cal., including
coal shed thereon; Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all bids In
whole cr in part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Nesa * Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S.: private; established 3
years In S. F. TeL Wot 26_* frcm 1 to * »a_
REAL ESTATE—CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
63S MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY., ......^?j r . 1 .?^.'... JULY 12. 1304.
At Our Salesrooms, at 12 o'clock Noon.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
Nos. 1236-38-40 Willard St.. north of Carl;
key lot. 25x105 feet; 3 elegant new flats of
5-C-6 rooms and porcelain bath each; nnished
with beam ceiling patent combination electric
and gas fixtures; 'rent $90 per month; mort-
gage of $5000 can remain
' „_ MISSION INVESTMENT.
SE. corner of Noe and Ford sts.; lot 28x110
feet; Improvements consist of a residence of
11 rooms -and bath; large stable and barn;
large yard In connection; now being used aa
a coal and wood yard; rent $70 per month.
COTTAGE INVESTMENT. '
No. 116 Caselli ave.. oft Douglass St., bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth; lot 25x104:5 feet;
improvements consist of a 4-room cottage, sta-
tionary wash trays, patent flush toilet, brick
foundation; mortgage $700. - „_„
M ST. AND 13TH AVE BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of M st S2 feet e_t of
Thirteenth ave. 25x100 feet' each.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 318 Eureka at., south of Twentieth; lot
25x130 feet; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; new
plumbing; porcelain roll top tubs; patent flush
toilet; basement planked; rented for $20 per ;
month; beautiful garden
RINGOLD ST. INVESTMENT. .
No. 36 Itlngold gt., east of Ninth, and be-
tween Harrison and FoUom; 25x75 feet; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; 7 foot driveway for wag-
on; plumbing in good order; basement J> feet
high; rent $15 per month; mortgage $1000 at
6 per cent.
JONES -ST. CORNER.
NE. corner of Jones and Greenwich sts.: ex-
tremely large lot, 79:071 feet; Nos. 2202-04-
06-08; Improvements, 4 well-built 2-story base-
ment houses of 10 rooms and bath each; rent
low at $118 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 3735-37-39 Sacramento St., west of
I Spruce; lot 27: 6x132 :7>4 feet; Improvements
consist of 4 desirable fiats of 4-4-5-5 rooms;
modern plumbing: porcelain bath; flush toilets;
nickel-plated trimmings; modern in every re-
spect; excellent .surroundings; rent $72 per
month; mortgage of- $5000 can remain; title
guaranteed; sidewalk, patent concrete, streets
bltuminlzed; newly built
INVESTMENT FLATS.
Ncs. 760-G2.-64 Sixth ave.. north of D st.;
lot 27x120 feet; Improvements consist of a 3-
story building containing four separate flats
of 4-4-7-8 rooms and bath; rents $76 per
month; mortgage of $4000 can remain.
FOLSOM- ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 848 Folsom at . throngh to Clementina
st.; No. 343 lot 32:11x100 feet; Improvements
nominal; rents $30
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
1906 Greenwich' et.. near Laguna; handsome
1H -story cottage of 5 rooms and porcelain
bath; modern plumbing.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO..
63S Market st.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
25 Peat st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected. Loans Negotiated.
City Agts fcr Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
Publishers of the "Buyer and Seller," a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of real
estate owners and those intending to invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale.
Free on application.
$25,000— Renta $240: marine view corner. 60
feet; 3 houses: Inside location; very
choice; Leavenworth st.
$10,000— Geary-st. Investment; only $3,000 cash
required; $7,000 mortgage can remain;
price ereatly reduced for immediate
sale; large lot, 35x137:6, with splendid
3-srtory building; rents $1)30 per an-
• num.
$6,150 — To be sold for absent owner: 2 very
choice flats fronting on Frederick St.;
lot 20x116:6; rents $000 per annum;
see these flats If you are looking for
an investment.
$10.000 — Foreclosure sale; splendid residence on
Green St., with 9 rooms and bath; ma-
rine view; lot 27x127:6.
$lS.r>00 — Prominent business corner on Devlsa-
dero St.; large lot, 32x100; first-class
3-story building; store under; 3-year
lease; rente $132 50 per month.
$7.000— Minna St., near 4th: lot 25x70: frame
builulng; rents $00 per month.
$12.500-^New building of 3 flats of 6 and 7 and
7 rooms and bath each; renta $112 50
per month; Eddy street.'
$3,250— Rents $36 per month: Wrtch St., near
' 4th; lot 25x80; 4 flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $36 per month.
$24,000. $21,000.
Elegant chance for SDeculation and invest-
ment; $5,000 profit within three years: prop-
erty now Days nearly « per cent net: large
corner on Third St., Darticulars at office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Peat st.
50x100— NORTHWEST corner Folsom and 18th
sts, with new house 3 months old; 6 fine large
rooms; upstairs bath and toilet; all latest im-
provements; fine large basement.
2 nice flats fronting on ISth St.; always
rented: adjoining lot goes with it; 25x100;
gas, electricity and water connected.
Corner saloon doing good business; good
stock liquors; from 1 to 3 years' Insurance
and license go with It; good reasons given
for selling; perfect title; city title also.
$1 23 PER week: no Interest:- lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE,
20 Montgomery St., room 8.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
* INSTALLMENT HOMES. 312 Cal'aghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal nnd interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments lew than rent; send for circular.
FOR sale. $2950 — Bay window cottage, five
rooms, bath, nicely furnlsned; large base-
ment; wash trays, etc.; will sell without
furniture: no agents. Apply to owner. 3755
Twenty-third St., near Chattanooga.
$250 DOWN and $20 per month: cottage. 5
rooms and bath; 219 Twenty-seventh st.
$600 down and $30 per month; house of 8
rooms and bath; 5 rooms; rents for $25
per mo. D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
CALL or send tfor list of city croperty. also
selected bargains In Berkeley, Oakland, Ala-
meda. ROTHEMEL & CO.. 507 California.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank, -
107-8 Crocker building.
$200 — CHEAP lot near Ashbury and Seven-
teenth. Apply 133 Valencia st.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH fe MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard at.
REAL ESTATE— Conntr-— For Snl*.
FOR farm, Umber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches,
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL
& CO.. 607 California st.
ALFALFA lands,' stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 843
Market «t. j ,
LAND In San Joaquln for sale or exchange;
irrigable; alfalfa proposition; no 'agents.
Owner. -154 Thirty-fourth St.. Oakland.
INVESTIGATE lands In Santa Cruz County
for health and profit. W. F. CUMMINS,
240 Montgomery st.
I'Ol.vr RICHMOND REAL "KSTATE.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply !i2S Hush »t.. third floor, room 4. >
I : UK :* L -' :slATn TO KVCH *NGE.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian River section; Berkeley property con-
ststs of 9-room residence, lot 45x134, with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
, eled drive; in desirable residence „ section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4927, Call office.
A FINE lot In business portion of East Oak-
land to exchange for a lodging-house. Box
1245,-Cair office. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National BanK
. of San Francisco, at a regular meeting
¦ of the board of directors of thia bank, held
. July 5, • 1904, a dividend ¦ was declared for
the half year ending June 30. 1004. at the
! rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
* able on and after the 15th lnst. ;¦ transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 13th
lnst.. botfe days Inclusive.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, July 5, 1804. •
DIVIDEND NOTICE — San Francisco and Sub-
• . urban Home Building Society, fifth . floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building, 70S Market
St., opposite Third — For the half year end-
Ing June 30/1004, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates.' free from taxes. . payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904. ".. .
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS— -Con.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and Eecond-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. B60-C2-64 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickerlng, Vose,
Stelnway. Steck. Sterling, Curtaz. Neuman.
Erard. Halnes and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BE>i-
JAMIN CURTAZ - SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sala; IS9.
STATHAM, 110 McAllister st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
roonts. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand-
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 283 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 915 — To rent for term of years, one-
half of store-room; best retail location in
San Ftancisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY, 300 Po3t st.
PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free.nmade to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th 'and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL _ BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im- i
proves Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited ; strictly confi-
dential. Box 3234, Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured. I
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.; easily worn;. $2 00 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market at.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
Jown and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
~ URNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
4-T — See; Union Square. Thursday eve., 8
o'clock, without fail. 4-7.
BEST white lead. 7c per pound: special to
painters. BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mr8.Dr.A.W.Traverse.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter. r. (»9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes,- play book*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
i hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st. : phone Polk 4611.
FATE_r__.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 V, Market et., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body ; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
--eated at 667 «eary st.7 near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all .diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eaees cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell St.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA STOKES TO LET.
FOR rent — 1247 Park st. ; store suitable for
plumber, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon-
maker, or painter. Apply to 1243 Park st.,
Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVEKTS'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 25x100: 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x1^5; mac; within % block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY. 1056 University ave..
Near .San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
2230 WARD st.— 2-story fi-room house; lot
40x135; street work complete; must be sold.
1903 Virginia st.; lot 40x100; street work
complete; call and Inspect. MORAN &
SWAIN, 2131 Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley
station.
CHICKEN ranch; 125 chickens. 2 cows and
calf: furniture for 4 rooms. $275; rent of
house, barn, pens, 2 acres, $12. See owner,
corner San Pablo and Delaware, West Bcrke-
ley. , : |
THREE Berkeley cottage homes for sale; all
improved. C. C. TRACY, 36 Geary St., r. 1.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRIJITVALE REAL ESTATE.
RENT or sale — 6-room cottage; lot 87x134: on
Peralta ave. ; running water: room for gar-
den or poultry; rent $14: sale price $1500;
cash or Installments. MRS. M. D. HOFF-
MAN, Peralta ave., Frultvale. ¦ ,
FOR sale— $2750; it cost $3760; rents for $20
per months 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
Kayt Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
'OAKLAND HEAL INSTATE.
$2750 BUYP a cottago at cost and that is
worth .$3500; 0 rooms, high, basement, open
nickel plumbing, combination gas fixtures, 2
mantels, tinting and - decorating, sideboard
built in dining-room; open lawn with palms
and shrubbery, driveway; etrcet work all
complete; near schools and business center
•and Key Route ferry; only 27 minutes to San
Francisco; terms, $300 cash and $35 per
month; owner will not rent, prefers to sell
on easy terms; positively a great bargain and
. my Instructions are to sell; call and see
place; to see It means to buy it.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$«50 CASH. $10 monthly: cottage of 4 rooms-
well, chicken house, shed; 8 lots, 100x213-
all fenced: young fruit trees: ground In culti-
vation: fine chicken ranch; lovely site; sandy
loam soil; school and electric cars near by;
new homes going up right along; fine marine
and landscape view; no fogs nor winds here-
adjoining East Oakland; price In all- $1375 :
call or send for circular. 453 7th st. opn'
' Broadway station. Oakland ; carriage free
H. Z. JONES. Landowner!
I FOR SALE— By the owner, a modern 8-room
house;, close to Santa' Fe station, between
. San Pablo and Grove sts. ; on sunny side
of Btreet: sun. In every room; east and south
.bay windows;' a bargain. 828' Thirty-fourth
st., Oakland. ...
$3150 FOR a fine home; 7 rooms, bath; stable
chicken-house, orchard, etc.; lot 75x150-
street work done. - P. C. LASSEN & CO
460 Tenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
0- ROOM cottage; lawn and barn; one ' min-
ute's ¦ walk from Golden Gate station. Box
177B. Call office. V v ' ..
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H.Schellhaas.lltb 8t,,<_r.store,Qakla_sL
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN 612—12 or 3 newly furnished
rooms complete, cheapest in city.
BUSH. 2120 — Two furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA 1251— Three furnished, sunny
rooms with private family; no sign.
CALIFORNIA. 1280— Desirable rooms for
housekeeping; will furnish to suit.
CALIFORNIA 1304 — Sunny bay-window room
and kitchen connecting; complete; no chil-
dren; reasonable.
CAPP, 040. nr. 24th— 2 large front rooms and
kitchen. $18; two rooms $12.-
DEVISADERO. 1516 — front or back rooms, fur-
nished, with or without hsekpg; reasonable.
EDDY, 1S20 — I sunny connecting rooms, newly
and har-dsomely furn. complete; absolutely
clean; fine garden and yard; rent $27, In-
cluding all gas.
ELLIS. 1225— Elegantly furnished . sunny suite,
with kitchen; also single rm.: very reas.
FELL, 120 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms and double parlors; gas and phone.
FOURTEENTH, 778 — Two handsome unfur-
nl?hed rooms, light housekeeping; prlv. family.
GEARY, ii25 — Elegantly furn. aunny suite on
parlor floor; new carpets; piano; yard; reas.
GOUGH. 211 — Three sunny, corner, unfurnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; gas; bath; phone,
etc. ; adults.
GOUGH. 6f3 — 3 sunny front rooma. regular
kitcnen. priv. bath and laundry; reasonable;
also room for light housekeeping or 2 gents.
HAIGHT, 222 — Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms for couple; phone; references.
Call 1 to I and 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON, 74S— $11 and $12 suftes complete
for hgkp.; gas, laundry; 1 front sunny rm.$».
HAYES, 796 — Two well-furnished sunny
rooms: housekeeping; very reasonable.
HAYES. 974 — 2 beautifully furnished sunny
bay-window housekeeping rooms, with con-
necting kitchen; running water.
HOWARD. 547— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
other rooms; from 75c up per week.
HOWARD, 1054 — Pleasant housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms for gentlemen.
HOWARD, 2000, nr. 16tli — Two or three sunny
rooms; furnished for housekeeping: gas, bath.
IVY ave., 217. near Franklin — 3 nicely fur-
nished rooms; sink, stove. closeOGerman;$12.
JACKSON. 1220—2 or 3 'nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. '1340 Pine—
Funny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LANGTON. 51 — Three sunny rooms for house-
keeping; no children.
LARKIN, 804— Large back room; light house-
keeping, |G; single front, $3.
LARKIN.1007. cor.Poat— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop. ; rma.. single _ hkpg.apart— lent*.
LIF.RARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves.— Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
LYON, 417 — 1 furnished rooms: phone, gas,
bath, yard; no children; near Panhandle.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; complete; no children.
NORFOLK. 29, near Twelfth— $13; 5 large
rooms.
OAK. 117. 53S McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adult».
OAK. 1529 — On panhandle; 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; bath and laundry; reasonable.
PEARL. 3. cor. Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; no children; phone.
PINE. 704 — Sunny front suite, furnished; gas
range, folding bed; $12 6(>: also single.
POST, 1S12A, rear house — 3 sunny housekeep-
ing roorus. R. COOK.
SIXTEENTH, 3078, b«t. Market and Castro—
3 sur.ny front rooms for housekeeping; gas;
reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 126 — » unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping: no children.
TAYLOR. 911 — Furnished suite. gas range.
$12 50: 1 eunny room, gas range. $7; single
room ?6.
THIRTEENTH. 174, near Howard— $6; 2 un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; adult*.
THREE unfurnished rooms to let. Inquire R.
COOK. 1312A Post st.. rear house.
.'-PAKTMENT HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave.—
The acme of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat, ele?. light, elev., gas range.
SENTINEL (The). S79 Turk, adjacent Jefferson
Square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and 4
rooms, ready for occupancy; phone East 917.
A— WHITEFIELD. 1228 McAllister; ele. sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
A— ROSSWELL. 13C0 Pine. nr. Hyd« — Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
BELGRAVIA APTS.. POLK. NR. CLAY— 2-3
r.; $15 up; gas stoves; baths: tel. Polk 1903.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; phone Pr. Ex. 443.
OCTAVIA. 1423 — Most select apartm't house in
city; 3-4 rooms; ele. furnished; reasonable.
ET. LOUIS. 1579 Jackson at. — Modern 3-4-S
rooms: furn. or unfurn : r*t» Tel K»«t 1330
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfara.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ABERDEEN, S36 Sutter — Cor. house; hand-
somely furn. room facing street; aun all day.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1354)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1277— $12; a large furnished room, suit-.
' able for two.
CALIFORNIA. 12S0— Elegantly furnished rooms
for gentlemen; rates reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor: Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 432— Elegantly furnished, sunny par-
lor suite; bath, also single room.
EDDY. 806. nr. Van Ness — Sunny front room;
running water; also side room.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; references.
EIGHTEENTH, 3462. corner Lexington— Two
furnished rooms.
ELIZABETH. 727— Healthy, high location; 2
single rooms. 1 double. $4. $5 and $9; board
If desired: near Castro and 24th at. N cara.
ELLIS, 750, Hart Apartments— Fine furnished
rooms; one on ground floor business purposes.
FELL. 450 — Furnished sunny front bay-window
room. .
FILLMORE. 1007 — 2 nicely turn, front ran.;
gents preferred; bath; modern: board opt.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
- nlshed front room; all conveniences; for 2, $12
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $0 wlc: reading-rm.
GOUGH, 4t5-4Nicely furnished rooms, all con-
veniences; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 week.
HOWARD, 1971 — Young couple will rent part
of flat: furnished; new. and modern: cheap
to right party; young couple preferred.
JACKSON. 1175, cor. Jonrs — Furn. and unfurn.
I rooms; marine view; private family; refs.
JONES. 019 — A comfortably, sunny furnished
room; all conveniences; gentleman.
LARGE furnished room In basement for one
| or two men. Apply or address 2636 Howard.
MARKET. lOJOA.The Falmoutb — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
MISSION, 2022— Large sunny room; suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen..
NINTH, 147— Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persons.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellia — Incandescent llgnts
• reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 B0; week. $3
to $S; menth. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1032— Sunny double parlors,
furnished..
SACRAMENTO. 1365A — 3 rooms, separate en-
trance; rent $7.
SCOTT. 225 — A liars* single room; gentlemen
or two ladles; every_ convenience. .
SEVENTEENTH St., 4166, nr. Mkt.— Ele. furn.
sun.rm. ;ga3,bath, piano; $3; board op.;genta.
E1XTH. 240%— Furnished rooms, day. week or
month; location central and reasonable
I HELP WAXTED— MAI<E — Continued,
JEWELERS wanted. 328 Bush at., room 4,
third flocr. •
AN experienced, sober, industrious hat man to
tako chars'? of a hat department in a store
Fit'jRted not i*r from San Francisco: wouM
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1S02, Call office.
WANTED— Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
EaFton ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata- '
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1C95 Market st.
WANTED--Laborera and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, has
a'ided 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
"17 Third et. : 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
BARKER shop for sale: cheap: make me an
offer. 3147 Twenty-fourth at.
WANTED— Man to do janltoi- work fcr his
tuition in S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard.
A profitable outing: pick hops in August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st..S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson et.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty..E.A.BulIls. r,40. Phelan bldg.
Paet Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 85c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions hao been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m ¦.•¦•',± i -,*
ALL slzm men's Bhoea. slightly damaged, half
price r.CS Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your hoes half-60led while waiting: 25c
to r»Oc. 563 Mission St.. bet, lft and Cd sts.
HEX? "WANTED — SAI.ES_C_IT.
SALESMEN wanted — Agents, dealers and
rtorekeepers. start In business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready
made goods; you can control entire local
trade with our line; fall line 350 up-to-date
styles of woolens, fashion displays, etc., now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory; experience not absolutely
necfiMry. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
A. WaFhintrton boulvd. and Union. Chicago.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
BAY horse for sale; weight about 1150 lbs;
perfectly sound and gentle; 7 years old. Box
S2S1. Call office.
$75 — YOUNG brown mare, good Petaluma cart
and harness. 1190 Sixty-seventh St., Oak-
land.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horaea, wagons,
Furreys. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Fclsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. N.ucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR SAI-E — A very stylish saddle horse; sin-
gle-footer. Box 3221, Call office.
CAMPING -wagon and baker wagon, one top
buggy. 329 Noe st.
BUSINESS buggy for eale. Box 3203. Call
office. \£j
BUGGY for sale. $35; good condition. Box
1827. Call office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
neae. work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
BOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
BRODERICK. 1015 — Handsome single 2-story
modern residence. 6 very large sunny room*,
servant's room; ample grounds; rent $30.
McALLIPTER. R04 — Hou«e. 9 rooms and batb;
rent $45. SPECK _ CO.
TURK. 733— House to let: 7 rooms and bath;
convenient for two families.
UUv__M TO _KT FtK.N:SHEU.
FURNISHED house to let; 8 rooms and bath;
convenient to car lines; nice garden. 2903
Washington Et.
TO let — Furnished house of 7 rooms and bath;
cheap to reliable party; must give reference.
1370 Eleventh ave.. Sunset District.
HOUSES FXllNISHED FOR. SALB.
EIGHT-ROOM furnished house for sale; in
Western Addition. Box S29S. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE suitable for boarders; 20 rooms; good
location. Box 3142. Call office.
I.WUSTMK.VTS.
A_i PER CENT GUARANTEED ~~^ *~~
Or S p- r cect and Participation in Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgagea.
SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
708 Market et.. S. F.. CaL
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Maguire, ex-U.S. Congressm'n
Hon. Edw. K. Taylor. ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pre«. C. A. Murdock & Co.
Allen M. Clay. Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard. General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice In this Ityue.
' rgyAX_D CHAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Earnc* tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 77S.
— ______________ __
LOST— Setter dog. white with black marks,
head black on one side; license tag 4790.
Suitable reward on return to C. F. MULLINS,
416 California et.
LOST — Saturday evening, in or near the Em-
porium, lady's gold watch with name in full
Inside: suitable reward. 837 Mission et. (in
alorei.
LOST— Knight Templar badge. Finder return
to office of Umbsen Co., 20 Montgomery et.,
and receive $5 reward.
LOST— Sunday, gold brooch, heart and wish-
bone eet with pearU and diamond. Return
after 5 p. m. to 1112 Shotwell St.; reward.
LOST— Handkerchief containing $70 and wed-
ding ring; Initials "J. B. to IL F." Return
to 131S Folsom st. after 6 o'clock; reward.
FOUND— Purse; loser must identify. Ad-
dress box 1902. Call office.
FOUND — The next thrte months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
cne- third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 etores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Eutter. 6HIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST Sunday, In or near Golden Gate Park,
lady's gola watch with diamond setting;
liberal reward. 1*30 Fell at.
LOST— A diamond eunburst Saturdar evening.
Return to 124 Eureka at. and receive reward.
LOST— Black Cocker ppaniel, July 3; license
No. 1137. Reward, 400 Orange sL. Oalcland.
LOST— Friday near ferry: 5 p. m., a black
pur»e: reward— J. T. P. 414 Mllla^bldg^
. EATTHCgES FOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
¦_: for pleasure and buslneaa; tet Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co.,Unlon-B_ Wharf; boat-
In* & excuralons. B Steuart at. ; tel. John 2688.
MATTRESSES ASP PILX.OWS. , _
TO crder; renovat«d. disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet deanlnjr.^ HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
~ MEDICAL.
LADIES deelrinr safe. «ure and quick reltef
from Irregularities consult me; my methodb
are oalnleMi and reliable: no failure*; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VTCE FREE; 17 years* experience In all fe-
JiS PdWden; call or wrlte^ DR. WHITE,
702 Market at., rooms 7 _>nd_a.
7_Tnii~Dir^ATHAN; the great ladiea* spe-
cialist-' 23 years' experience; guarantees cure
Sr no pay; takes ladiea before or during con-
Snement with beat medical care; conflne-
menT $15: room and board $5 week; infants
adopted. 2000 Market at., oppoeltc Valencia.
_ns DR. GWTER having secured lease of
M prt>n_eV 1* pmn-nently located at MIA
U_?«wwth «U bet. Geary and O'Fa/rclL j
MEDICAL— Continncd.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instarit relief
guaranteed: ao years' experience. S2U Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
«*Hef guaranteed. 1008 Vi Market St., opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price ?2 50 by»- express.- Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price ?r>. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are eiclTor
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cas>es treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.';
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny sU
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. and MRsT DA VIES and hTnDOcTheRBs';
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner i
2fith: ladles, relief or no fee; $10. j
MISCELLANEOUS FOJl SALES.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
iron t)n or shingles ; best for new roofs. !
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, jmmpa, '
pulleys, shafting, e\c. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II S. W r HITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale 9t.
A— FINE eults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.
near Bush; open'to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gineft, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2Q5 Spear bV
GENTS" full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton tU
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to. 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 80.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 0 p. tn.,; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.: catalog free.
FOR sale — 3 small puppies 11 weeks old (1 fox
terrier); healthy; pretty. 420 O'Farrell st. .
MODERN eng. lathe, 14 in. by 6 in.; used 3
mo.; turret head, chuck, »etc. 10U Fremont.
2000 FEET patent chimney pipe; second-hand
lumber of all kinds at 8 Valencia st.
ANTIQUE mahogany furniture at 1517A San-
cher; always on hand; cheapest place to buy.
$15 CART for sale. 200 Ninth st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. 61 McAllister st.
HOMERS. Runt*. Runt crosses; Al squab rais-
ers; stamp for cata. C. Wilson,229F Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
FOR sale^ — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
AWNINGS, tents, new, second-hand. SUN TENT
_ AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 6436.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Baci-
galupi. moved to 766 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 819 Third Et. ; tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. l
MOVING picti#es, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard — Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. "BECK
& CO.. 122 Market at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.'
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress euits. etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st. •
WANTED-^Automobile for rural mall carrier;
must be in good condition and cheap. Write,
etatmg terms, to W. G. BOSWELL,, Soledad,
Cal.
A — MORRIS gives highest prices for ladies'
and gents' castoff clothing : postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 623; €50 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
MONEY TO LOAN.
__jC^£_KMAN~_rtJ^PHY
001-603-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low ratexif interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
aecurity; easy payments; large business In 49
principal cities. Tolraan. 553 Parrott bide.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
it. (upctairs). loans money on diamond*. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market at
LOANS FROM $1 T,O $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St.. ra 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, sliver.
i diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
1 at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth at. .
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton tt.
TO talarled people without security; on furnl- I
ture. indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E W. LICK
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market!
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S: F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture _ pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. C Eddy at.
l\i PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 610 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorwr. MORELL. ¦ WOfl Examiner building.
„___ aiON_V WANTED.
WANTED $700; security, select suburban lots;
Interest 9 per cent. R. T., box 3270. Call.
MUSICAL ISSTBUMEXTS. ¦
AFTER the summer la over you cannot get
such bargains and terms aa you can get now;
uprjghta from $50 up; renta $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
at.; Oakland_l252^roadway.__
FOR rale, cheap — Fine upright piano at 3172
Twenty-third St.. near Howard. - . .' .
A~FISCHER upright piano for sale; as t_od aa
• new; $135. 237 Geary it.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister at. « ,
nnLjr w/\ m^tc you TLJCivn icr A \s^\/CDnric_rMEMn^is\iT^LJC/^\8 i
I nt WAsN I j want I ill!! Ujc wantaL/V-lI\ I ill on I UN I nt LALL3Iovemenw of Steamers.
"Is he much of a man?" asked the
stranger in the West. "Well," returned
the native thoughtfully, "he ain't so
much of a man now as he was before
Bitter Creek Bill chipped off some
pieces here an' there with a knife, but
there's a good bit of him left yet." —
Chicago Evening Post.
2708 pkgs fresh fruits, 128 pkgs fresh vege
tables,, 86 pkgs potatoes and onions, 4370 lbs
raisins, 8«6S lbs dried fruit, 281 gals wine,
152 pkgs paste, 207 lbs hams, 10 cs honey,
S08 lbs coffee, 216 cs /canned goods, 1920 lbs
meals, - 600 lbs chocolate, 41 pkgs groceries
The steamer Queen sailed on Saturday foi
Victoria with an assorted cargo consigned to
the port of destination ¦ and other British Co
lumbian ports valued at $14,239 and including
the followlnr:
Exports for the North.
Matters of Interest- to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Montebcllo, which made
port on Saturday, was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe at 17s 6d.
The Chilean schooner Corona (at Hadlock) is
chartered for lumber, thence to West Coast
(owner's account).
The British bark OHvebank (previously le
ported)' will load lumber at Chemalnus for
Cape Town at G2s 6d, with option of Port
Natal at 63s 9d, East London 60s, or Delagoa
Bay Ms.
The bark Kalulanl returns to Honolulu with
ceneral cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Branch Hydjographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal,.
July 11. 1004.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Feiry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charjo.
Time Ball:
• The company has made such' large
investments in logging, railroad and
equipment tttut it does not see its way
clear to stop work. It accordingly
agrees to . store the logs pending im
provement In the Columbia River mar
ket Most other Columbia River log
gers .are closing down. There are
enough logs in the river to run the
mills three months, using. forty million
feet monthly. Such a wholesale log
storage would ,be unsuccessful on Puget
Sound because of. teredoes, which do
not molest logs In fresh water. •
TACOMA, Wash., July H.—The Wey
erhauser Timber Company is preparing
to store a hundred million reet of logs
on Columbia River* in order to uphold
the prices established by the Columbia
River Loggers' Association. A year ago
the Weyerhauser company began log
ging five hundred million feet of Its
Southern Washington timber.
Washington Corporation Will Store- a
Hundred Million Feet of Logs
In Columbia River.
TIMBER COMPANY PLANS
\ TO HOLD PRICES HIGH
2»
2 2
2.0
¦I 1.S
The British ship Sierra Miranda, which was
quoted for reinsurance at 60 per cent, arrived
yesterday at Una Grande, off the Brazilian
coast. She was from Rangoon and was 12S
days making the run. The name of the British
ship Ems was added yesterday to the overdue
list. She Is out 103 days from Calcutta for
FIJI and is quoted at 15 per cent. The rate
on the Parknook has been reduced to 43 per
cent.
Fifty Percenter Arrives.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the rales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
000 Andes 21 100 Ophir 2 65
300 Chollar 18 200 Ophir 2 CO
100 Con C & Va.l 15 100 Overman 2°
100 Crown Point. 13| 600 Union Con .. 34
1100 Justice 23|
Afternoon Session.
100 Best A Belch.1 20| 60 Ophir 2 60
100 Mexican 1 C5 100 Union Con 33
200 Occidental ... • 7U 200 Utah 14
100 °P hlr 26& -
PACIFIC 8TOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Chollar 19 100 Ophir 2 €3
100 Con C A Va.l 15 100 Ophir 2 C2W
I'OO Con NY C5 1000 Savage 2$
100 Justice 24) WK) Union Con .. 34
100 Mexican ...1 02&
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ... 63 100 Mexican ...1 02U
100 Con C A V.I 17% 100 Sierra Nev ..34
100 Crown Point. 12 200 Union Con . 35
100 Hale A Norc 72 **
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
<¦ Morning: Session.
11.000 Esperanza . 03i 1000 Red Top .... 17
100 MacNamara . tOlCSOO Rescue 14
600 MacNamara . &9|ie50 Ton Belmont.. 85
1100 MacNamara . 67 700 Ton Gold M "0
2M) Mont Ton.. 2 4~M 1MX) Ton Gold M.. 19
2200 Mont Ton ...2 MM 000 Ton Midway.. 60
1 (100 Mont Ton ...2 60 500 Ton Midway., r.9
200 Mont Ton.. 2 52 V, 600 Ton Midway,. 68
22.600 Red Top .. 18 900 Ton N Star.. 33
5500 Red Top .... 18|^,
Afternoon 'Session.
12.800 Ecperanza . 0311000 Ray A O'Brien 14
1000 MacNamara . 6SJ2000 Red Top ..... 20
The Matscn Navigation Company's steam
ehlp Rosecrans. Captain Johnson, arrived yes
terday from St. Michael. She ran into a min
iature Iceberg June 21 off St. Michael and
knocked a hole In her bow. Temporary re
pairs enabled the vessel to make the home
ward voyage In safety. She will be patched
up properly while at this port.
Hits Miniature Iceberg.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pago Fifteen.
The steamer H. J. Corcoran, the San Fran
cisco-Vallejo flyer, has won the heart of the
harbor police by the way in which her Sunday
excursions are conducted. Sunday excursions
In the. past have been too often little more
than disorderly gambling fests. from which the
Innocent excursionist has returned properly
plucked of his financial wool. Piper, Aden &
Goodall Company, owners of the Corcoran, de
cided when they started Sunday excursions to
Inaugurate a censorship of their passenger lists
for the purpose of eliminating the sure-thing
element. Captain Burnett of the harbor police,
who keeps a sharp watch on everything in the
excursion line, points to~the Corcoran excur
sions as modeln and says that if all Sunday
excursions could be measured by tho Corcoran
standard the police would lose interest In these
affairs and the public could feel safe In taking
their holiday recreation on the water. The
Corcoran last Sunday took a large crowd to
Ant loch and other points of Interest.
Xo Tickets for Gamblers.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Korea,
Captain Scabury, will sail at 1 o'clock to-day
for Honolulu and the Orient. She will carry a
large number of passengers and 9000 tons of
cargo. Her freight Includes 3000 tons of flour
and about SCO tons of machinery for Japan.
The Korea will call at Manila, and among her
passengers will be XV. Cameron Forbes, the
newly appointed member of the Philippine
Commission.
Kprea Sails To-Day.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I r>o».
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lJuly 12
Breakwater..- Coos Bay I July 12
Luxor Seattle July 12
Aurella San Pedro July U
Porno Point Arena & Albion. July 13
Alameda Honolulu July V2
Argo Eel P.iver Ports July 12
Ramses Hamburg A Way Ports. July 1.1
Chlco Portland & Astoria July 13
Pomona Humboldt July 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria July i:t
North Fork... Humboldt July 13
Chehalls San Pedro July 11
Peru New York vta Panama. July 14
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma July It
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena July IV
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July 14
S.Monica San Pedro IJuly 14
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports .[July lft
Mongolia China & Japan July !."»
Umatllla Puset Sound Ports [July 15
Eureka Humboldt July 15
Iaqua San Pedro .Tv.lv 15
Mackinaw.... Tacoma ...'..[July 14
Corona Humboldt Uuly 1fl
Redondo San Pedro [July 14
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .......[July 17
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor ......... July 17
Newburg Grays Harbor July IS
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor July W
Costa. Rica Portland & Astoria July IS
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. July IS
A Mara China & Janan July IS
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. [July IS
Coos Bay San Pedro * "Way Pts. July 19
Queen Puget Sound Ports (July ¦-¦(>
San Juan New York via Panama. [July -'I
Centennial.... Seattle tc. Tacoma I July -1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. I July -t
~ TO~ SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Elizabeth... Coaullle River B pm Pier 23
Rainier Seattle & Beliinghm 4 pm Pier 10
Aurell* Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Korea China & Japan 1 pnvPler 40
BanPedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt , ft ,rt in iSJ eT l 2
Corona Humboldt l:30p|Pl«r a
July 13. '
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pmjPier S
Arctic Humboldt » anvPler 2
Arcata..... Coo* B. A Pt . Orf d K m Pier U
Samo* Los Angeles Ports.l 6 pmlPler 3
jiay 14. I (
St. Paul.... Nome A St. Michael 2 pmlPler 20
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmjPler 2
Porno Pt. Arena A Albion « pm|Pier 2
Stato of Cal San Diego A Way. 0 ami Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 3
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 amlPler 11
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 2
July 15. ( I
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 piPler 9
Iaqua Humboldt ...|10 amlPler 2
Luxor Hamburg A XVay.|l2 m;Pler 13
I July 18. | |
Redondo.... Astoria &. Portland 5 pmlPler 2
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena 4 rrn'Pier 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 3 pm|Pier 2
Gaelic China & Japan.... 12 miPier 4i»
North Fork. Humboldt & pmlPler 20
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Barracoota. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 4>>
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll amlPler 24
July 17. I
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am'P'.er It
Coronado. .. Grays Harbor I 4 pm Pier li>
Centralia... Grays Harbor I 4 pmiPier 10
July 18. | |
J*anl« Seattle A Tacoma. ( 5 pmlPler 20
Bonlta ¦ Newport <* Way.. I a am! Pier H
July 19. ( |
Umatllla.. • Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pter f
July 31. I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amlPter 2t
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor | I Pier —
Newburs... Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier tC
Sequoia Willapa Harbor....} 5 pmlPler 2C
FROM SEATTLEl
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Cotiag* City. . Skagway A Way Ports. IJuly 12
Santa. Clara. . Valdez A Seward July 1^
Dolphin Skagway A Way Ports. July 13
City Seattle..! Skagway A XVay'Forts. July 15
Tamplco Nome & St. Michael.. July 15
Jefferson Skagway A Way Ports. July 1#
Dlrlgo Skagway A Way Ports. July IX
8anta An*.... Valdez ft Way Ports.. July 1%
Oregon Norn* A St Michael... July IS
> Tacoma...... j Norn* direct IJuly 24
The British ship Durbridge, which arrived
yesterday 149 days from Hamburg, encountered
much heavy weather on the voyage, but got
the worst of It a few days after starting. So
stormy did the weather become that February
13 the Durbridge was compelled to anchor in
a sheltered cove off Cuxhaven. In spite of the
shelter, hich seas swept her decks and four
days later, when she resumed her voyage, dam
cged deckhouses and smashed in boats provided
repair v/orlc sufficient to keep all hands busy
for a long time. Heavy gales were encoun
tered for nine days off Cape Horn. She brought
a large cargo of general merchandise.
Had Stormy Voyage.
ARRIVED.
moo mr B^y eKle> Cornln *- 3 H° hours from Hajf-
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 2G hours from Eureka
xM, S , t h mr | St , Pa 5 1 ' L1 » d ? ul »t. 17W days from Si
"Michael via Nome le^ days, via Dutch Har
fro S r r st K M«rh r a a e " S> J ° hnS ° n> " dayS 7 hoU "
Stmr Shasta. Hansen. 34 hours from San
Pedro*
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson. 7 hours from
"ort Rogers.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 11 hours from Bowena
Landing
Stmr Acme. Lundquist. 42 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Brunswick, EUefsen. 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Smith. 17 hours from West
port*
Stmr Rival. Fosen, 75 hours from Grays
Stmr' State of California. Nlcolson. 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntren, 92 hour* from
Union Bay.
Br «hlp Durbridge. Wannell. 149 days from
Hamburg. • /
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours^from
Bodega.
Schr H C Wright. Nlelson, 29 days from
Mahukona.
CLEARED.
Stmr Costa Rica, Randall, O p O rtland U a'nd 1 As
torla; Oregon R R & Nav Co.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, Xanalmo; West
ern-Fuel Co/
SAILED.
_. ,, Monday. July 11.
Etmr Maggie. Coming. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Coqullle River. Ranford. Crescent City.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson. Port Rogers.
Stmr Costa Rica. Randall. Astoria
Stmr Shasta, Hanson. Bellingham. '
8tmr Brooklyn. Johnson. Mendocino.
Stmr Greenwood. Walvlg Mendocino
Schr C A Thayer, Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Melrose-. McCarron, Port Townsend.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. San Vicente Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnOS— July 11. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 16 miles per hour.
, SPOKEN.
June 7— Lat 31 S. long 46 XV, Fr bark
Duplelx. from Shields for San Francisco.
July 6— Lat 43 N. long 13 W. Br ship Scot
tish Lochs, from London for New York.
Per etmr Rosecrana — June 30. passed flve
masted schooner, bound north, in lat 62 N,
long 1(37 W, oft Cape Romans, off Bering Sea;
supposed to be schr Snow and Burgess, from
Everett for Nome.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed July 11, noon — Stmr
Jeanic. for San Francisco. July 10^ — U S stmr
Dix, for . San Francisco.
Arrived July 11 — Stmr Santa Clara, from
Skagway.
BRISTOL BAT— Arrived May 13— Ship Ber
lin, from Astoria. May 16 — Bark Harry Morse,
from Astoria. /
ST MICHAEL— Sailed July 9— Stmr Leela
naw, for Seattle.
NOME — Arrived July ft— Schr Enow and
Shipping Intelligence.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Fri
day for Guaymas, carried a general merchan
dise cargo consigned to the port of destination
and other Mexican port?, valued at $K5,12S. The
leading exports were as follows: 331S gala
wine, 147 cs CO gals whisky, 23 cs liquors,
1565 lbs malt, &!>0 pkgs paste, -1C94 lbs 7
cs splcea. 72 pkgs table preparations, S75 lbs
raisins, 5217 lbs dried fruit, 39 cs baking
powder, 132 cs canned salmon. 430 cs canned
goods. 2T..:t59 Ibe coffee. 7 bbls Hour 13ol lbs
ham and bacon, 400 lbs lard, 10.273 lbs cheese
a:;{ lbs butter. 24 cs olives. 11 pkgs provisions'
11 cs mineral water, l.'DU lbs meals, 256 pkgs
t^ S ' f 4 pkKS tre * b flsh - 4S ' )k S s bre ad.
3<(.O Ib3 rice, 1700 lbs sago, 20,012 lbs tallow
-•0 flasks quicksilver, 25.708 ft lumber. 114
pkgs wagon material. 115 bdls wire 38 cs
fuse 68 bdls paper, 220 pkgs paints and oils.
M pkgs dry goods. 055 lbs rosin, 4 cyls am
mon a -« /51 3 I bs 80da - 1:I P kKS acld - 30C8 lbs
bdls\l85 dcs steel. 3S9 soils rope, 173 pkga
Ironware. l.:i s ks coal. 70 sks coke. 22 pkgs
drugs ip pkg 3 electrical suppllea 28 bales
bags. 9U pkgs machinery, us cs aile grease.
21 cs hats, 29 bdls 4;t pes Iron pipe. 21C pea
terra cotta pipe. 389 coils rope. 20.000 lbs ce
ment 294 bdls «hooks. 20,970 lbs hides. 55
.bbls dyestuffs. 4000 bricks, 40 cs coal o:i "J
Anchors 40 boiler tubes. 1000 lbs bluestone. 10
Pkgs windmill. 110 bxs handles, 4 bales oakum
and provisions. 1429 lbs beans. 61.830 lbs
chocolate. 44 iikgs groceries and provisions,
142!) lbs beans. 51, SW lbs malt.-40C» lbs rice.
300 lbs dried fish, «7,528 lbs asphaltum, 19 pkgs
wagon material, 14 pen steel, o0 cs fuse, 18
pes pipe, 11 cs arms and ammunition. 15 pkgs
machinery. 7 pkgs bicycles and parts, 4"6 lbs
tobacco, 12 pkgs dry goods, 350 tins matches.
& cyls ammema. G pkgs acid, 197G lbs lead.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 2550 lb* raisins, 32.050 lbs dried fruit
nnd .10 cs canned fruit, valued at $1:161, en
route to Winnipeg. Manitoba.
The Curacao's Car^o.
SAX RAFAEL, July 11.— Henry B.
Bass, an old citizen of this city, died
this afternoon at his residence, 40
Shaver street, where he has resided
for thirty-three years. Bass was known
all over the county as "Uncle Hank."
In 1865 he came to California and lo
cated In El Dorado. Later he cams
to"T§an Rafael and inaugurated the
first carriage and transfer company.
Bass was a native of Wayne County,
Pennsylvania, and was 77 years old at
the time of his death.
San Rafael Pioneer Dies.
SHIP DURBRIDGE. WHICH AR
RIVED FROM HAMBURG AFTER
A STORMY PASSAGE.
TACOMA. July 11. — Private Thomaa
C. Vandiver of Company K, Nine
teenth United States Infantry, has
been shot and killed by Private Fred
erick R. Stubbs at the maneuvers
camp. The men had had a petty
quarrel and Stubbs says he fired when
he believed his life was In danger.
Stubbs has been turned over to the
civil authorities here.
SOLDIERS' QUARREL
ENDS IX A MURDER
From Nome — Dr. J. A. Southland, John Ste
lec, Mrs. S. A. McDonnell and child. J. J.
Thatcher. Mrs. L. Peltz and child. Miss J. Mc-
Donald, Mra. A. R. Davenport, Mrs. R. W.
McDonnell. Mrs. E. Reed and two children, and
twenty-seven passengers from Seattle.
"I discharged all my news at
Seattle," said Captain Lundquist, "and
such of it as was worth while you re
ceived some days ago by tele
graph."
The St. Paul brought home for bur
ial the body of Lloyd Eaton, news of
whose death in Alaska was received
some time ago.
She brought passengers as follows:
From St Michael— T. I* Petrle and wife.
Dr. A. F. Edwards, Mrs. G. E. Noble.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamship St. Paul, Captain Lundquist,
arrived yesterday from Nome and St.
Michael with some treasure and a
cargo typical of. the wealth of the far
north. The treasure was In nuggets,
from which Uncle Sam, at his mint,
will be able to manufacture gold coin
to the value of $176,880. The freight in
cluded barrels of ivory, bales of furs
and ragged looking bundles of whale
bone.
Burgess, from Everett, to sail about July 13
for Port Townsend
EUREKA— Arrived July 10— Stmr Pomona,
henee July 9; stmr Samoa, hence July 9; stmr
Alliance, hence July 9.
Sailed July 10— St.W Noyo. tir San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Sailed July 11— Stmr San Ga
briel, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 11— Stmrs Chlco and
Columbia, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 11 — Stmr Pleiades, fm Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 11— Schr San
Buenaventura hence June 22.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 11— Schr Ce
celia Surtilen hence June 25.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 11— Stmr
Coos Bay. for Pan Franciaco.
POP.T HARFORD— Sailed July 11. 6 p m —
Stmr Bonlta. for San Pedro and way ports.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived July 10^ — Stmr
Xavarro. hence July 9; stmr Marshfield, from
San Pedro. \
Sailed July 10— Stmr Marshfield. for Needla
Rock •
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 11— Stmr Na
varro. for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed July 10— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 10 — Stmr Gualala. hnce July 10.
WESTPORT— Sailed July 11— Stmr Gualala.
for Kan Francisco. > • ¦ •
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 11— Stmr
Santa Rosa, fcr San Diego.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 11— Schr Eoquel.
hence June 25 for Port Townsend.
Pasred out July 11 — Schr Blakeley, from,
Port Blakeley for West Coast.
TATOOSH— Parsed In July li — Stmr Queer.
henff July 9 for Victoria, etc.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July 11— Schr
Sequel," hence June 25.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 10— Stmr Man.
•lalay. from Eureka. July 11 — Stmr Redondo.
hence July 9; Rtrar Alcazar, from Greenwood.
Sailed July 11 — Stmr Despatch, for San
Francisco: schr R C Slade. for Grays Harbor.
REDONDO — Arrived July 11 — Schr Volant,
from Tlllaxnook.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 11— Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed up
July 10 — Stmr Californian, from Hllo for
Philadelphia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arried July 11— Jap stmr
Amrrica Maru. from Yokohama.
MANILA — Arrived July JO— Bark James
Nesmith. from Seattle.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALCUTTA — Arrived July 3 — Br stmr In
drasamha. from Oregon.
LONDON — Sailed June 25 — Ger stmr Serbia,
for San Francisco.
IL1IA GRANDE — Arrived July 11 — Br ship
Sierra Miranda, from Rangoon.
MAZATLAN — Sailed July 9 — Ger stmr Ram
ses, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 10— Br atmr
Coptic hence June 22.
SHIELDS — Sailed July 9 — Br ship Eva Mont
gomery, for San Francisco.
OSAKA — Arrived July 9 — Schr Americana,
from Vancouver.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July ft— Schr
John A Campbell, from Victoria.
IQUIQUE— Sailed June 25— Bktn Echo, for
Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 11— Stmr Minne
apolis, from London: stmr Potsdam, from
Rotterdam: stmr Zeeland, from Antwerp.
LONDON— Arrived July 11— Stmr Mlnneton
ka from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 11— Stmr Koe
n»g. from Liverpool and New York for Naples
and Genoa
BREMEN— Arrived July 11— Stmr Bremen,
from New York via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 11— Stmr Furnes
sla from New York for Glasgow, and pro
ceeded.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San J?*** 1 '™*
Bay. Published by official authority of U»e
Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
cf tide U the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JTJLT 12.
Bun rises 1:5*
Sun sets AtnA*W*™
Moon seta (new) 000 P- *n.
0 ITimel Time Time Time ;
g |L wf |HW| L W (H W[
7Z 4.40 _1 - ii:4* 4.6 4:24 2.7 10:30 ill
IS 5:23 -lU 12:33 4.8 5:13 2.7 11:19 .CO
1 if 4D H 6 W ."L- W
8:?iS II ?$=H ilSI S3 IS H
1? «'m 4.9 8-:26 0.3 3:22 5.4 9:12 2.9
\l 5;U 4.4 9:14 0.9 4:0ti| 6.5 10:20j 1.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The height* given are in
addition to the soundinys of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
lign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from «h<« depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. '..,•;
MONDAY. JULY 11.
Fred Junker to Fred Junker Company, lot
on SW corner of McAllister and Buchanan
stttets. W 89:6 by S 137:0: also lot in 8
line or McAllister street, If2:6 E of Webster.
E 28:9 by S 137:6; $1.
Rose E. Morgan to Clans Brandt, lot on
KW corner of Hickory avenue and Buchanan
etrfet N I'S by W 65: $10.
Henry C, and Ida F. Davis to Charles L.
Taylor, lot on W line of Webster street. 75
S of Buvh S 25 by W 100; $10.
David S. and Matilda Parker to Patrick J.
Campion, lot on W line of Scott street, .«:«
S of Waller, S 25 by W 118:3; $6100.
F. N. and Kmella A. Uelerano to Paul F.
Kingston, lot on K line of Clayton street, ~~0
S of Waller. S 45 by E 10ti:.i; $10.
Savings and I^oan Society to Henry Pleasant,
l>.t on N line of Twelfth street. L"J«:7 W of
Harrison, W 3:5. N 00:4i;. K 11:10, S €0:4i»:
Ruby E. Green to Marian O. Green, lot on
E line of Folsom street, 2f> S of Fourteenth.
S 25 by E 7o; $10.
Alice C. Kenyon (wife of C. G.) to Nettle
Cottier (wife of B. C). lot on N line of Henry
street. 255 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 115,
quitclaim deed: $10.
W. A. Hurdlek to William F. and Mary K.
Stockman, lot on K line of Florida street, 140
S of Twenty-fifth, S L-2:« by E 100; $10.
Henry Felge to Claus lladler. lot on W line
of Capp street 68 N of Twenty-sixth. N
21 :S by AY 118; $10.
John McGreevy to Annie L. McGreevy, un
divided 4 of lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
j Rtrett, 150:10 K of Dougla?3. E 25:10 by N
114; Elft.
Joseph and Minnie Kaiser to Sophie Datto,
lot on E line of Heed place. 6S:'J S of Green
street. S 0.5% by E 4ti:(l; $10.
John L. and Isabella E. Tlerney to Charles
T. McCarthy, lot on N line of Pacific street.
as:6 W of Jones. W .'!0 by N 00; $10.
Margaret Campbell to .William J. Campbell
et al., lot on XW line of Laurel place, 200
' SW of First street, SW 25 by N\V «0; jrlft.
Nettle P. Andrews (wife of George T.) to
George T. Andrews, lot on NW line of Dran
nan street S5 SW of Zoe SW 40 by NW SO;
gift.
Henrietta falvert to Carmellta Tacott, lot
on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 1W) N of Cali
fornia street. N 2« by K 120; $20.
James Vint to Harriet 11. Vint (wife), lot
on W line of Seventh avenue, 11S» N of C
street. N 25 by W 120; gift.
Henry G. and EstHie. Meyer to R. H. Cross,
lot on N line of Fulton street. 132 :«i W of
Seventeenth avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Katherlne E. Koebelln to Mary E. McClaln.
lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 50 S of
I street. S 25 by W 100; $10.
William H. Depew to Margaret L. Jarkson,
lot on S line of J street. 57:6 W of Ninth
a\enue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Allan P. and Annie D. Brown (Coulter) to
Annie Coulter (wife of William E), lot on SW
corner of Twelfth avenue and K street, W 120
by S 25; ttift.
Eilwin G. (or E. G.>' and Margaret A. Shatter
to Bernhard Getz, lot on E line of Forty
fourth avenue, 175 S ot U street, S 50 by E
120; ?10.
B. M. Lombard to Morris B. Wells, undivided
% interept of outside lands blocKs 1181, 11S7
and 1188: $10.
Henry E. and Mary A. HuntincUm to Hunt-
Ington Land and Improvement Company, un
divided Vi of same property as described In
deed of HuntinKlon to Huntingdon, recorded
January 0. 1903. Liber WSa D. 13, see twentieth
dfed, abstract .'I.127, January 10, 11)03; 51.
Walter and Flora G. Magee to Frederic E.
Mase»\ lot on NW corner of Latona, and
Thornton streets. W 2C0. N 250. K 100. S 50,
E 100. S 200. lots 29, 31, .13 to 48. block B;
alno lot on E line of Pomona Btreet, 400 X
of Thornton. N 100 by E 100, lota 9,% 11, 13
and 15, block B; also lot on NW corner of
Thornton and Flora streets, W 123, NE COO,
F. 117. S «00. block -I); also lot on W line of
Railroad street. 352:4 S of Thornton. W to
Lucy. N iro, E 220. S to b?£lnn!nir. lots 9 to
20, block E; al."o lot on SE corner of Lucy
and Thornton. S 125 by E ICO, lots 28 to 32,
block E; also lot on SW corner of Thornton
and Neptune streets, W 200 by S 450. block
J; also lot on NW. corner of Utah and Thorn
ton streets. N SCO. SW 19. NW to Potrero
avenue, S to Thornton. E to beginning, block
O; also lot on SE corner of Venus and Wil
liams streets. W 32, S 10, E 2C4, N 10, W 232,
all in Silver Terrace: $10.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr (trustees)
to same, same: $10.
Frederic E. Magee to S. Ducas Company (a
corporation), same; $10.
Helen C. Magee to same, lot on W line of
Potrero street. 325 N of Thornton, W 200, N
150. E 200, S to beglnnmg, lots 27 to 38, block
P, Potrero; also lot commencing at point of de
parture ns hereinafter determined, thence SE
150. NE to Potrero avenue, N 125, SW to point
of departure, lots 40, 43, 45. 47 and 4'J, block P
(said point of departure Is determined as fol
lows: E line of San Bruno road, bearing SE
134:3 from granite monument R. H. S., NE
100); also lot commencing at point bearing NE
179 from granite monument R H. S., NE 100
S 125, W 100. N 125. lots CO to 04, block P,
all in Silver Terrace: $10.
James and Agnes Patterson to Albert F. and
Minnie F. Roberts, lot on N line of Montana
street, 300 E of Orizaba, E 50 by N 125 block
U, Railroad Homestead; $10.
Margaret White to Jasper Stahl, lot on S line
of Tilden street, 32 by 100, lot 11. block 8.
Flint Tract: $10.
Frederick W. and Anna J. Krenz to Bernhard
Getz. lot on NW line of Madrid street, 275 SW
of Brazil avenue. SW 50 by NW 100, block 28,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Gaetano Pugllese (owner) with P. A. Anto
nelll (contractor), architect J. A. Porporato
All work except palntins. plumbing, shades
and chandeliers for a three-story frame build-
Irg (stores and flats) en lot on W line of Mis
sion Ftreet. 135 N of Nineteenth N 25 by W
SO: ?0650.
Mrs". Amelia W. Coffin (owner) with G
Wolfenden (contractor), nrchltects Kldd &
Anderson — All work except painting, plumbing,
electrical work, shades and mantels for alterai
tlons and additions to a two-story frame build
ing (flats), 201C Van Ness avenue: $1400.
Nathan Corlnson (owner) with J. W. Cobby
and A. Hansen (contractors), architects H,
Gellfus & Eon — All work except plumbing, gas
fitting, painting and Fewerage for a three-story
and basement frame building on lot on N line
of Green street. 194:6 W of Larkln. W 25 by
N 145; $7080.
Same owner with Jacob Holle (contractor)
architect same — Plumbing, gnu fitting and sew
erage for same on same; $1050.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco
(owners) with John G. Sutton & Co. (con
tractors), architect Clinton Day — Pipes and
radiators for steam heating system for altera
tions and additions for building on lot on E
line of Montgomery street fl2:6 X of Post
N 60. E 87:0. S 25. W 25,' S 25. thence 62-6
NE of Monttromery and Post. N C2:C E C-6
S 57:11. SW 7:10. W 50:2; $2300.
HKAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BELL SPRINGS. July 11. — At 4: SO
this afternoon the members of the
California Promotion Committee's ex
cursion, bound for Eureka, passed
from Mendocino County into the land
of Humboldt. The party to-day spent
two hours at Bell Springs for dinner,
when they struck off over the old State
road. They will arrive at Harris to
night about 6 o'clock, in advance of
their schedule time, as they have been
provided with four and six horsa
stages by A. P. Cross.
All were in good spirits and declared
it one of the most unique experiences
of their lives. From the time they left
Sherwood yesterday morning until
their arrival at Bell Springs at 1
o'clock to-day the business men de
clared their surprise at the fertility o£
the section through which they passed.
They had expected to see only lonely
stretches of forest. Instead they were
greeted at intervals by fertile mountain
valleys scantily inhabited, but capabla
of supporting a great population.
Long Valley In particular charmed
the visitors. They saw plenty of good
land which could be had from $7 50 to
$30 an acre. This valley demonstrates
that almost, anything can be raised in
this part of Mendocino County, and as
fine apples as can be had anywhere in
this State are produced in Long Val
ley.
The party will arrive at Eureka to
morrow night, being taken by special
train from Camp Five. At every point
so far in the itinerary camps with
comfortable quarters have been proJ
vided for the visitors. Most all tha
travelers are clad In khaki suits and
many of them are wearing Panama
hats, giving quite a unique appearance
to the body.
Special Dispatch to Th« Coll.
Party Bound for Eureka See
Much of Interest as They
Travel Overland by Stage
TOUEISTS DELIGHTED
Fertile Valleys Charm the
Members of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee
700 Mont Ton . . .2 BO 2000 Rescue 13
600 Mont Ton ...2 60 600 Ton Midway.. 89
10.000 N T Ton .. 02 500 Ton N Star.. 83
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, July 11—4 p. ra.
Bid.Ask.t . . Bld.Ask.
Alpha 09 11 Justice ,23 25
Alta 08 07 Kentuck »02 04
And** 21 22 Keyes Graes.. — 1 20
Belcher 18 20 Lady Wash .. — 06
Beat & Belch.1 15 1 25 Mexican 1 00 1 05
Bullion 21 22 Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... C7 60 Ophir 2 60 2 70
Challenge Con 21 22 Overman 21 22
Chollar 18 10 Potost 08 09
Confidence... 80 DO Scorpion 13 1»
Con C & Va.l 15 1 20 Savage 25 26
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher ..OS 10
Con NY 04 05 Sierra Nev .. 34 35
Crown Point. 12 13 Silver Hill .. 51 54
East Sierra N 06 — St Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — B0 Syndicate .... 03 04
Exchequer .. 37 89 Union Con ..34 35
Gould & Cur. 18 19 Utah 14 15
Hale & Norc 72 73 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
Julia 05 00|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Colehan 04 — Kay Ton — 09
Esperanza ... 03 OtlRed Top 21 22
Gipsy Queen.. — 25! Rescue 12 14
Gold Anchor. — 27|Ton Belmont.. 84 85
Goldfield 1 15 — !Ton & Cal... 10 25
Gold M Con. — 02ITon Exten.. 99 1 C2Vi
Hannapah M. 23 — Ton & G ""' .04 11
Jim Butler .. — VfilTon Gold M. IS 20
Little Ton .. 60 C5!Ton Midway.. 08 59
Lucky Tom... 03 — |Ton of Nev...S 00 8 25
MacNamara . r.« 6SITon N Star.. 33 3*
.Mizpah Ex... 15 —Ton ft Salt L 60 —
Mont Ton.. 2 47'£ 2 50 Ton Superior.. — 06
N Y Ton ... 01 03 Ton Union ... 10 —
Paymaster ... 05 — I'nfted Ton .. — 09
Pine- Grove .. 50 — IMopla 10
Ray Ex — 08 West End ... 21 30
Kay & O'Brien 13 14| j
BUSINESS MEN
ARE AMAZED
ST. PAUL BRINGS WHALEBONE,
FURS AND GOLD FROM NOME
Alaska Commercial Company's Steamship Arrives From the rar
North With-a Cargo .typical of the Wealth of the Land Once
X)wned by the Czar— Has oh Board the Body of Lloyd Eaton
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1904
14
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The fo!!o-wlEC marriage 11 cense ¦ were lssved
yesterday: -
Curtis C Coryeix. 29, Lof Angeles, and
Flcrence E. WatkJns, IS, Los Anrelea.
August Anderson. 44, 88 Ash avenue, and
Amelia D. Ballard. 41. SS Ash avenue.
Walter O. Haxe. 37. 1405 Hyde Btreet. and
ITatharine G Trevathan 32. Lick House.
Jack F. Myers. 22. Grand Hotel, and Louise
L. Fritz. 124VJ Welsh street.
Frederic A. Burden. 24. San Francisco, and
Edna. Ixtckwood 21, San Francisco.
Ernest T. Monet. 25. Sacramento, and Nel-
lie Murphy. 24, 1811 Mission street. /
Jack L. Maxwell. 26. Coloma, Wis.. and
L*-oaa Martin. 25. Watsonvllle.
<*car P. Hicks. 21 30 Valley street, and
>"!'>ra D. Holland 18. C47 Castro street.
Herbert I. Otto, 21 627 Dolorea street, and
Li 11 Jan C Woods. 20. 49 Sycamore avenue.
William H. Meyer. 3S, >>w York City, and
Blanche M. Gore, 21. 25 Cook street.
James T. Brown. 21. Rio Vista, and Annie
M. Harvie. 18 Rio Vista.
Frank C-*»rllnd. 71. Pomona, and Jessie M.
Iteynolds. 36. Los Angeles.
Duke D Glilespie. 24 S01H Mount vernon
avenue, and Mamie M. Flynn. lfl. 801 H Mount
Vernon avenue. '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, mcrrtage and death notlcea sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the eame published.
2Cotices rertricted slmr'y*t<» the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
trr-f of charge.
BORN*. ~
UcNAUARA— In this city. July 7. 1904, to the
wife of James J. McNamara. a son.
MARKIED.
BANDDCEX- BOYEN— In this city. July 10.
190*. by th« Rev. J. H. Fchroeder. Martin
Bandlxen and Elizabeth Boyen.
BROOK— ZELLNER— In this city, July 10.
1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Richard
B. Brook and Emily P. Zellner.
HATHAWAY— KAHN— July 7. 1904, Harry L.
Hathaway and Sadie J. Kahn.
HAXE— TREVATHAN— In this city. July 11.
lfHM, by the Rev. G A. Bernthal. Walter
Haxe and Katherine Thevathan. both of this
city.
MAJICTJCCI— LUVISI— In thlj city. July 10.
1804, by the Rev. G. A. Hernthal, Peter
Marcuccl and Elizabeth Luvisl. both of this
city.
JfEWMAN— WEIRS— In this city. July 3. 1904.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Julius Newman
and Theresa Welsa.
2C1ELEEN — MALMEDT— In this city July 7.
1904. by the Kev. G. A. Bernthal. Alexander
Nielsen and Elizabeth Malmedy, both of this
city.
¦JPETERS— LABLING— In this city. July 3,
1904. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Abraham J.
Peters and Ida Labllng.
•a»RAGER— HILSON— In this city. July 3. 1904.
•by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Lester Prager and
Howie Hilcon.
!WEISS — CALMAN— In this city. July 10 1904.
by the Kev. M. S. Levy, Joseph M. 'Weiss
and Josle Caiman.
DIKD.
• Bruns. Minna McBowm. Grace
• Campbell. Margaret McDonnell. Grace
' Craven. Annie Malloy George F.
. Cummmg. Kindlay H. Matthew. George
£»aybali, Ida R. Myers Jeremiah D
. Falion. Michael Noles. Elvira A.
: Fitzpatrick, Mary E. Nichols Mary V
. Fortro. Mrs. Lena O'Neil Miss Mary
, Haggerty. Patrick l'ratt. Arthur M.
I Harp. Edith M. B. Saloidn. Frank
1 Hartmann. Charles i»chr-ggia. AmbroMna
; Hickey. Catherine Shannon. Bridget
Johnson. Kisie 11. Snodgra*?. Elmer A, (
; Kemp. Hattie Stark. Sarah BL
I Kerr, James . Stephens, Mary A.
\ Larson. Carl Wau-on John
r Lobb, Neville R. Williams. Lizzie
SRUXS— In Uklah, July 11, 1904 Minna. '
dearly beloved wife of Chris Hruns, mother I
of Mrs. H. Schwartz. Chris Jr. and Dick
I Bruns. and eister of Mrs. D. Mull«r and
Mrs. C. Kostenng. a native of Germany, I
bged 51 years (s months and 26 days. j
CAMPBELL— In this city July 10 1904 Mar.
C*ret, beloved wife of the late Wiiliam
Campbell, and loving mother of William J ,
iliu-garct L.. El*ie E., Roland and Bernard
. Campbell, and sister of Mrs. J. Fisher, Mrs
i M. Gibson of Chicago John Donavan of 1
( Portland. Ore., and tht late Mrs. Ellen Har- |
J rigan. a native of County Cork. Ireland. :
. aged 4S years and 4 months. (Chicago and j
. Portland, Ore., pajx?r£ pk-ase copy.)
E^Frlcnds and acquaintances are reepect- j
I fully Invited to attr-nd the funeral Wednes- I
day. Juiy 13, at 6:30 o'clock, from her late !
residence, 22 Laurel place, off First street !
between Folsom and Harrison thence to '
St. Brendan's Church. wh*re a requiem high j
• niass will be celebrated for the repose of '
. her eoul. commencing at S> o'clock. Inter- !
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAVEN— In this city, July 10, J304, Annie. '
beloved wife of Robinson Craven, mother of
Robinson and Hazel Craven, daughter of !
Ellen Hennessey, and s>I«. r of John and 1
, Alfred Hennessey and Mrs. L. Canepa, a
r.a.tive of Prince Edward Island Canada *
, age<3 29 years.
C7"R«mains at parlors of McFadden. Me- !
Brearty i: Green. 1171 Mission street l>e- '
twecn Seventh and Eighth.
CL'MMIXG — In A'.ameda July 9 1901 Findlay !
Hunter Cummins, beloved son "of Findlay and 1
. the late Kate Cumming, and brother of !
Ellis. Grace. William and Howard Cum- I
raing. a native of Alameda. aged 22 years i
1 and J» raouths.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, j
July 12. at 2 o'clock, from the undertaiur.K
, rarlors of C. H. Wevcr. Park street and '
Fanta Clara avenue. Alameda. Cremation
Oakland. Remains at undertaking parlors, j
X>AY£ALL— In this city. July II, 1901 Ida '
It., beloved .wife of John M. Uayball and I
Mster of Mrs. Frank Magner. Mrs. Martin j
Heavey. Minnie St. John and the late Mrs. |
. «i*oree A. Edwards, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years 7 months and 2S day?.
iL7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 0:15 a. m.. from the funeral parlors
of Porter A: White, 42.J Golden Gate ave-
. nue. thence to St. Mary's Catbf-dral where
h solemn requiem high mass will be cele- I
brated for the r<-;>ose cf her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Crops
Cemetery. " i
FALLON— In this city. July 7 1901 Michael
Falion, a native of Boston. Ma.-s.,' aged 54
years 1 month and S days.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. July 10 1901.
Mary E. G.. beloved daughter of Daniel and !
. Margaret Fitzpatrick. and fond Finer of !
1 Daniel. Charles. Josephine and Elizabeth
1 ntzpartlck and Mrs. J. T. O'Brien, a native
C of San Francisco.
I CyFriMide are respectfully invited to at-
tfnd the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday) at
K:30 o'clock, from her Jate residence". 414,
. Haight Ftreet. thence to Sacred Heart I
• Church, where a solemn requiem high ma.ss
¦will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul,
commencing at » o'clock. Interment private.
FORTRO— At 1. O. O. F. Home Thermalito
Mrs. Lena Fortro, beloved wife of the late
Joseph I. Fortro.
HAGGERTY— In Vallejo, July II, 1904 Pat-
rick, beloved father of Frank. William.
Thomas and Charles Haggerty a native of
. County Cork. Ireland, aged 75 years.
c E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at St. Vincent's Church. Wedne«dav July
13. 1901. at 9 o'clock. "
HAPP <nee Parker)— In Oakland, July 11 1004
Edith M. li.. beloved wife of Al Happ'
daughter cf Luke A. Parker, eister of George
X. and Bert li. Parker, and niece of J B
Henfield, a native of California, aged 30
years 9 months and 5 days.
HARTMANN— In this city July 10 1904
Charles Hartmann. beloved eon of George
and Susar.a Hartmann. and brother of Harry
' and George Hartmann. a native of Califor-
nia, aged 28 years 9 months and 22 days.
sty Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 13. 1904. at 12 o'clock, from
Charles J. li. Mstzlcr*s undertaking parlors
C6 Washington street, thence to Eagle Hall
731 Market street, where the services will
t be held, commencing at 1 p. m., under the
auspices of Aerie No. 5. F. O. E. ; Court Star
of the West No. C3.V>. A. of F.. and Painters'
Union No. 19. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HICKEY— In this city, July 10. 1904. Cath-
erine Hlckey. dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Kate Harmon, a native of Ireland, aged 06
years.
tL7Frlends and acquftrntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at » a. m.. from the parlors
«f J£. F. Huhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
ltow?'s Church for services at 9:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. July 10 1904. Elsie
A., dearly beloved daughter of Mary and
Henri Johnson, and sistrr of Hilma. Amelia
and E£a Johnson, a native of "San Francisco :
aped 1 year 2 months and 19 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services !
1 to-day fTacFday). at 1 o'clock, at the mor- •
1 tuary chapel cf the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KEMP— In this city. July 11. 1904, Hattie.
dearly beloved wife of Jacob Kemp, mother
of Frank and Elwood Kemp, ¦ daughter of
Benjamin and the late Elizabeth Lane, and
i-ister of Mamie Foster -Peare. a native of
Ya Grande. Or.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Wednesday) .at 1:30 p. m., from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Minion street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
T. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
JTJXERAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALMERS,
2339-2341 Mirsion ft., near Nineteenth,
£an Francisco.
KERR— In this dty. July 11. 1904. Jamea
Kerr. a native of Scotland, aged 42 years.
IaARSON— In this dty, July 10. 1904. Carl
Larson, a native of Sweden, aged 64 years
8 months and 12 daya.
LOBB— In this city. July 10. 1904. Neville B.,
beloved husband of Minnie Lobb, son of John
L, and Ella N. Lobb, and brother of Mary
15. Basil A. and Lelah H I*>bb. a native
of Independence. Mo., aged S4 years 4 months
and 2S days.
ICT'Frtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-dar (Tueaday), at 4:30 p. m.. at the par-
lors of the Western Addition Funeral Di-
rectors, 1724 Dcvisadero street, between Sut-
ter and Bush. Interment Independence, Mo.
Altahmo* Tribe No. 87. Imp. O. R. M. —
Chiefs and Members: Tou are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late chief
and brother. Neville R. Lobb. to-day (Tues-
day), at 4:30 p. m.. from the parlors of the
Western Addition Funeral Directors. 1724
Devieadero stre«t.
W. B WELCH. Sachem.
J. H. ITUTAFF. Chief of Records.
McBOWEN— In this city, July 10. 1904. Grace
McBowen, beloved wife of the late Samuel
McBowen, and beloved mother of Mrs. L.
J Hartwell and Robert A. McBowen. a na-
tive of Montreal. Canada, aged 80 years.
-JC7" Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 11 a. m..
from the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mis-
sion ftreet, between Eighth and Ninth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McDOXNELL— In this city, July 11. 1604.
Grace, dearly beloved wife of Frank Mo-
Donnell. daughter of Benjamin and Jennie
Lundy. sister of the late Mary Cereghino and
Benjamin and George Lundy, and niece of
Hallie Lee, a native of Alameda. Cal., aged
25 years and 6 months.
MALLOT— In this city. July 11. 1904, at the
residence. 117 Albion avenue, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth streets, George F.,
dearly beloved eon of Charlea and Maud
Malloy. brother of Charles J. and Walter B.
Malloy', and grandson of Jeremiah Regan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and
13 days.
MATTJIEW— In Oakland. July 10. 1904.
George Matthew, beloved father of James
Matthew of San Rafael and George Matthew
of Long Island, N. Y.. a native of Scotland,
aged 76 years and 1 month.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 703 Fifth street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MYERS — In Nevada, July 9. 1004. Jeremiah
D. Myers of Oakland, beloved husband of
the late Ellen Myers, and father of Joseph,
Daniel. John and Mollie Myers, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day July 13. 1904. at 9 o'clock, from l"01
Chester, street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
Lrated, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Inter-
inont Pt. Mary's Cemetery.
NOLEP— In this city, July 11. 1904, Elvira A.,
beioved wife of Manuel Noles, loving mother
of Joseph and Henry Xoles and Mrs. li.
Dayton, and sister of John. Bernard. Merced
and Guy Mrs. B. Bologense and
Mrg. N. c. Merrlman a native of Contra
OoFta County. Cal.. aged 41 years and a
months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from her late
residence," 571 Minna Ftreet, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services, commencing
at 1 p m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NICHOLS— In this city. July 11. 1904. Mary
V. beloved wife of William Nichols, and
mother of Carl. Robert. Frances, Mildred
and the late Olive Nichols, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged .'52 years 7 months and 7
days (Buffalo, N. Y., papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m., at
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
190ft Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
O'NEIL — A requiem high mass of month's
mind will be celebrated at St. Francis
Church to-day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock,
for the repo«e of the soul of the late Miss
Mary O'Neil. Friends and acquaintances
are invited to attend.
PRATT— In this city. July 11. 1904. Arthur
M beloved ron of Curtis N. and Elizabeth
Pratt and brother of William. Caroline.
Frank and Harold Pratt ami Mrs. A. J.
\Vidman, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years 10 months and 2." days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 'Si Shotwell street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
SALCIDO— In this city. July 10. 1«.»M. Frank
Saloldo, a native of M«xico. aged 45 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. July 12. at 1 o'clock, at the mortu-
ary chapel of J. S. Godeau & Co.. 'Mb Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHEGGIA— In St. Helena. Cal.. July 10. 1904,
Ambrosina Scheggie, a native of Switzerland,
aged CO y»-ars.
{t^TFuneral services will be held at the
family resldi-nce at St. Helena, Cal., Wednes.
day, at 1 o'clock.
SHANNON— In this city. July 10. 1901, Bridget
Shannon, beloved mother of Jchn J. McCann.
Mrs Harry Stover. Jarm« J. McCann and
the "late Slaria McAuliffe. a native of Ire-
land, aged J>0 years.
H^Frientl* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at «:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner Eros'.. 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
l'r-ter's Church, Alabama street, near Twen-
ty-fourth where a requiem high mass will
bV celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
C( metery. %
ENODGKASS — In this city, July 10. 1904, El-
mer Allen, dearly bt-loved son of Lester H.
and Alice M. Snodgrass, and brother of
Clarence. May and Lewis Snodgrass, a na-
tive of Bloomington. Cal.. aged 11 years 0
months and 26 days.
STAP.K— In Oakland. July 11, 1904, Sarah S..
beloved mother of Fred and Bennie Stark of
Oakland and Mrs. William Harris of Vaca-
ville. Cal.. a native of Pennsylvania, aged
52 years 3 months and 22 days.
STEPHENS— In Victoria, B. C. July 4, 1904.
Mary Ann Stephens, mother of Mrs. John
Martin, Mrs. C. C. Skewes, Mrs. G. I. Wil-
liams and Robert. Samuel J. and A. J.
Stephen?, a native of England, aged 73
years 2 months and 3 days.
C7"FrIf-nd* are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Tuesday, July 12.
at II o'clock, at the chapel of Clark &
Booth. 012-C14 Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street. Inter-
ment private.
WATSON— In this city, July 11. 1904. John,
dearly beloved | husband of Mary Watson,
and father of John Jr., Arthur. James,
Loul5*. Alice and Nan Watson and Mrs. F.
G. Fall, a native of Clontar. County Dublin,
Ireland, aged 07 years 7 months and Itt
days. A member of Lincoln Post No. 1,
G. A. R.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
. Kt 2 o'clock, from his late . residence. ."0
I^aurel place, off First street., between Fol-
fom and Harrison. Members of the Seven
Pinea Circle are invited to attend. Funeral
under the auspices of Lincoln Post No. 1,
G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, July 9, 1904. Lizzie
Williams, beloved wife of Thomas Williams,
and mother of Mrs. Martin Schmltt. a native
of New York, aged 47 years and 11 months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem high mass
for the repose of her eoul, commencing at
« a. m.. Tuesday. July 12. 1901, at St.
Agnes Church. Page street and Masonic ave-
nue. Remains at the residence of her
• daughter, Mrs. Martin Schmltt. 121 Beulah
street. Interment private. Kindly omit
flower's., There was rather more trading on the Stock
and Bond Exchange In the afternoon, . bonds
biine in good movement. Stocks - s&owed - n>
changes worthy of comment. .Tha Tonopah
mining shares continued lively, as will b* seen.
The California Silt Deposit Ccmyaay will
Local Bonds in Better Demand,
V but Stocks Still Quiet.
CHICAGO, July , 11.— The appearance of the
weathtr map- and a preconoelved Idea among
traders that croj» damage had been exaggerat
ed, augmented . by somewhat Jargrer world's
tihipments than were expected. ¦ gave the wheat
market an easy start, with September %© Uc
lower at 83%@S3%c to S3?4o. ¦;. The cables were
the factor tn the -temporary weakness. Mes
sages , from districts where ¦ an »bunda«ce cf
Future Grain and. Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
. The ¦- Government report gave the .American
crop condition £yr June as follows; Wtajer
. WHEAT— The- foreign markets ,' continued
steady, with : higher.: Paris . and . Liverpool - fu
tures. , ,Tho world's , shipments; for: the week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian, -22tf •
000; Danublan, 54,000; Argentine 100,000', in-'
dlan. 1 238,000;. Australian, 41.000., , The Ameri
can visible/ supply decreased 527,000 -bushels.
•"•¦• Chicago ;' advanced ".: lc on v continued ¦ ~ wet
.weather in .the .West .and.. South..: The Michi
gan . State : report " gave the. crop., at, 6.000.000
bushels 'against .15,600, 000. last year. - • <
Wheat and Other Grains.
STOCKvMAEKET.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Flour, qr sks .. 8,342 Middlings, ska.. ..'443
Wheat, ctls .... 850 Shorts, sks » 0
Barley, ctls .... 8.418 Win*, gals 80,800
Corn Meal. East- P aper. rolls .... 1.270
ern sks 500| Lime, bbla 533
Oat™' ctls 2.^3 father rolls .. 20
Corn ctls 300 Pelts, bdls x,o
Tallow, ctls ... 23 « HM.es. No 7.-0
Beans, sks W2 Quicksilver, flks. ->B5
Potatoes, sks 1 . 1.812 Wool, bales .... <a
Onions. «k» ... 5=9 Hay. tons ..... 1.207
Bran, sks CSO
FOR MONDAY. JULY 11.
Receipts of Produce.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 S3%
Sterling ' Exchange, sight.'. — 4 87%
Eterllng Exchange, cables — -4 88*1
New York Exchange, ' sight ...... — 05
New York , Exchange; telegraphic. * — .'.. ' 07^A
Silver per ounce ¦. ". .. — * .,68 VI
Mexican ¦ Dollars ..,....".....,... 46% @ 4J
. ; ... INTERNATIONAL.
New York on - Mexico. .. ••......"........ .aia
Berlin on London ... /. 2O.4l>4
Paris on London ¦.•...........;.......... . 25.21';
Silver advanced %c. Continental ' Exchange
was lower. ¦ ¦
-¦..... LOCAL. '
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Wheat.- 78.7. against 78.8 last year; Spring
Wheat. 93.4, against S2.5.
The San Francisco market- was quiet and
firm, with higher futures and meager cash of
ferings. ¦ -
CASH WHEAT. .
California Clu!?. $1 27%@1 32^4; California
White Australian, $1 52%©1 57^: Northern
Club. $1 30® 1 35; Northern Bluestem. $160
@1 SS per 1 ctl. -
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hieh. Low. . CIo*e.
December ...$1 30U ' $1 31 $1 30'4 $1 30%
2 p. m. Session. ...
Decembei- — $1 30%. ! ¦ *
j i BARLEY — The week opened on a stronger
market. Cash grain was slightly higher, and
futures also sold up. There was an attempt
, to boom the December option, but lt brought
out a lot of selling orders, which checked the
advance. Any rise now call" out large seM- |
ing, which sbows a disposition to realize, aside
from any movement to keep prices down.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, 96V4@nS?4c-, new Brewing. BS%c@
fl'OUi; old Brewing, $1 0501 07Vi; Cheva
lier. $1 02V4@l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... « !K5& 07 . 0C^« 97
2 p. m.' Session.
' • Open. ¦ High*. Low. Close.
, December ... 06% 97 96% 97
OATS— The market exhibits no new features
worthy 'of remark. New Reds continue about
the only variety on the. market.
OM crop— White $1 32Vi. New crop — Red,
\ $1 15@1 30; Gray, nominal.
I - CORN — Previous conditions rule. The . mar
; ket Is quiet, - with ample supplies of Western
and light receipts of domestic.
Western *acKed. $1 45<a;l 47^ for Yellow,
$1 45©1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
! California large Yellow, $1 45@1 60; small
¦ round do. $1 5001 CO: White $1 45@1 50 per
i ctl; Egyptian, $1 30@l 35 for White and
$1 25«l 30 for Brown.
-.r.YE— $1 80@l 32% per ctl for old. New,
, somewhat pinched, was offered yesterday at
i $1 20
1>UCKWHEAT—Nominal at $1 76©2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. .
I FLOUR — California Family. Extras, $4 60®
f 4 00. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 80;
¦ Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85^4 25
I per bbl.
\ MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
; follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs*
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour'
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do $4 25 '•
Oat Groats. $4 60: Hominy. $4@4 25:" Buck
¦ wheat Flour. $1 50<j|4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4
i Farina, $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 73'
I Rolled Oats. hbls. $7 25@8 «0: In sacks. $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley, .$6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
i ¦ ¦• . .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay were very large, being al
most 1300 tons, but the market did not decline,
though the feeling was weak. There was noth
; Ing new in Feedstuffs.
i BRAN— $2i'@-.'3 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
SHORTS-$22®23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21tfK2 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23- Corn
Meal. $30 BO®31 60: Cracked Corn. $3l®.«;
Mixed Feed. $22®22 50; Horse Beans $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. »0c per ctl
HAY — Wheat. $10012 50: Wheat and
Oat. $IO@11 50: Oat. $7@11; Barley and
Oat. $709; Volunteer Wild Oat. $769; stock.
$«@7; Clover. $7 50@10; Alfalfa. $7<&9 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 60@S5c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Yellow Mustard Seed Is higher. There is
no Brown offering at the moment Canary
continues firm. There Is nothing new in
Beans. ¦%».<
BEANS— Bayos $2 40@2 55; Pea $2 90<33;
I Butters. $3; small White. $2 85<f?.3 10; large
: V> hlte. $2 35®2 60; Pink. $3 40©3 50; Red.
$4 25(34 50: Lima, $3 3003 40; Red Kidneys,
$4 75^5; Blackeye, $2 05@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2<g2 50. -
j SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
I U L tard « 3 - Flax, $1 90<32 25; Canary.
£^<3.c: Alfalfa. 14ti©16c: Rape. lVi<fr2U,c;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp. 3»i@3%c per lb-. Millet.
2^«i3Vic; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes were quite heavy
1 and the market was In an unsettled condition,
witn dealers holding olt in expectation of lower
prices. There was no movement whatever in
Khipplng channels, but it was reported that
Stockton was shipping freely to the South
weat. Onions were steady, particularly Reds,
which were ¦ In limited supply. - '¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ .
The market for miscellaneous vegetables
opened weak, with supplies of most descrlp
; tlons far in excess of the demand. Mississippi
Tomatoes were still selling In a small way at
$1 per crate, but lt was difficult to obtain 75c
for small packages from Vacavllle or Los An
geles. Asparagus was weak, with the can
ners buying but little, and Green Peppers were
selling by the box at easier rates. Green Corn
In sacks was a little firmer.
POTATOES— New Burbanks from the river.
$1 50©l 90 per ctl; Salinas Burbsnks. $25r_' 15
per ctl: Early Rose. $1 5C@1 60;-Oarnet Chiles,
$1 60<ftl 75; old Potatoes, $1@1 25 per ctl
ONIONS— New Red. $1©1 15 per sack; Sil
verskins $1 35<8l 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1 25#1 75 per
sack and $1 50®2 per crate; Asparagus, 4®
6c^ per lb; Rhubarb, 40®50c per box: Garden
Peas. 3^@4c per lb; string and Wax Beans,
2#3Hc per lb; Lima Beans, Sc per lb; To
matoes in small boxes and crates. 50cft$l;
large open boxes, $1 25@1 75; Summer Squash
S5@50c per box; Cabbage, $1 per ctl: Carrots!
$1 per sack; Cucumbers 40@50c per box;'Gar
lic. 3%®4c per lb; Egg Plant. 4<90e per lb:
Dried Peppers, 8©10c for sun-dried and 12%©
13c per lb for evaporated; Dried Okra 12%t}
15c per lb: Green Okra, 15c per lb;' Green
Peppers. $1 25<gl 50.
Poultry and Game. .
A car of Western Poultry was received and
was distributed among a few leading retailers
by the consignees. A second was reported clone
at hand, but had not arrived up to a late hour.
I The usual Monday dullness prevailed in the
market for California stock and all prices
stood as previously quoted. Doves were a lit
tle firmer under light . receipts and Hare and
Rabbits were unchanged
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14®15c per lb;
, Geere, per pair. $1 25SH CO; Goslings. $1 25fji
! 1 50: Ducks. $3 0O<fr4 50 per dozen for old and
! $465 for young; Hens. $4 50®5 for large and
*4*i4 50 for small; young Roosters, $7 50®9:
o'.d Rooster*, $4®4 50; Fryers, $5(©5 50; Broil
ers $3 50<34 for large and $2 GO<SJ3 for small:
Pigeons. $1 CO per dozen for old and $1 25J2
1 R0 for Squab?. ... - !
GAME — Wild Doves. 50(57 75c per dozen; Hare '¦
$1 CO per dozen; Cottontail Uabbiui. $2 per
dozen.
- Butter, Cheese and Eggs. •?¦!;
Receipts jot Butter continue excessive, as
will be seen, but the market shows no decline
yet. though it Is top-heavy and almost all !
houses are willing to shade the quotations to
sell.-. Some are giving their salesmen Instruc
tions to sell anyhow to get rid of the goods.
Some excellent Eastern cube Butter Is coming
in. and, as already mentioned, is cut up Into
squares and goes readily into consumption as
first-class - California creamery. This, of
course, takes just eo much demand away from 1
the California article. This Eastern Butter :
can be landed here at 19V^c,j which makes lt •
a formidable competitor with the home product, i
There is nothing new in Cheese.
Eggs are no higher and receipts arc ample,
but the demand is good and the market stands
as at the close of last week. j
Receipts were 1 "2, 000 lba Butter, 1231 cases!
Eggs and 10,100 lbs Cheese. . \ j
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands 2lj?22o 1
for extras and 20c for firsts; dairy." 17«20": ]
store Butter. 14©16c: "Eastern creamery 19%{j
2Qc; Eastern ladle-packed. 14@15%c per lb
- CHEESE— 0©9«4c for choice mild new and
SJiS'/jC for lower grades; Young Americas, 10a
lOViC; Eastern, 10tfI15e: Utah, 12c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 23020c for fair to choice
store. 184?20c; Eastern. 20®22Vic for firsts and
17010c for seconds. . ... -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade In deciduous. fruits for local use and
nearby shipment was quite brisk, but with re
ceipts of most descriptions excessive and the
canners practically out of the market, an easy
feeling prevailed and as usual, there was a
heavy , surplus unsold at the close. Peaches
were, still very weak, there being over IC.OOO
boxes on the market. Small packages of the
Hale's ¦ Early . variety- were selling at 25© 10
and the ruling price for the yellow varieties
was 50c , per box. Figs of good quality were '
rather;- scarce and firmer, but there was an
abundance of poor, leaklnjr stock, which had
been several days In transit and could not be
sold at any price. . Loose Apricots were In light
receipt, but weak, as the canners were over
loaded with contract stock and were purchas
ing, but llttlo In the open market. ' Shipments
from the river district* have about ceased and I
the crops from other sections have not yet com- !
menced to come forward very freely. Cherries
In umall packajrea were offering at 65cfi$l and
loose ¦¦ etock from Oregon sold at 5*J8c per
pound.- A' car, load of White Nectarines came ';
in from Fresno and they were offered at 50if?GUc
per box or. crate, but soldi slowly, as the -fruit
was too ¦- green to attract • trade. Cantaluopes
sold at a wider. range as. to. size of ' package,
and ". other melons ¦ were ¦ unchanged. Berries
were ¦ plentiful and generally - weak.- Leading
canners have ceased buying . Strawberries and
surplus stocks have to be cleaned up to ped
dlers from : day • to day. -• .
Citrus and Tropical frnlts were moderately
active at steady prices. .There are not enough
Navel Oranges left here for a quotation
• : STRAWBERRIES — $2®4 per cheat: for' Long-
I worths and $1 75«1 5O for the. larger varieties.
! loganberries— $2§3 per chest ' for red
and 1202 50 lor black
Continued on Page Fourteen*
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEAV YORK, July 11.— There was an ad
vance of 2s 5d in the price of spot tin at
London, that delivery closing at £118 2s 6d
while futures were unchanged at £118 '"a 6d'
Locally tin was a little higher on spot in
Fj-rnpathy with the foreign advance, closing at
Copper was a shade lower In London, where
spot* closed at £57 «'« and- futures at £07 "s Od
In the New York market copper was • firm*
closing at $12 62tf@12 87% for lake. $12 SOW
12 75 for electrolytic and $12 25@12 50 for cast-
Ing. -•--"¦ - • •¦ v
Licad was also a shade lower In London
where it closed at £11 13s 9d, but remained
unchanged In New York at $4 23©4 35.
Ppelter was unchanged In both markets
closing at £22 Jn London and at (1 S5S4 05 | n
the local market. ,,
Iron closed at 51s fld In Glasgow and at 43s
in Middlcaboro. Locally Iron was unchanged
No. J foundry Northern Is quoted at $14 saji
15; No. 2 foundry Northern. $13 75@14 2.1- No
1 foundry Southern and No. l" foiindrv
Southern soft at $13 25013 75.
Pig iron warranu are nominal at |0.
Foreign Futures.
• LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— , , - . JuI y ge t
Opening »i 5% - « 11%
Closing g 5% C «%
PARIS. '
Wheat— July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening ..'. 21 15 21 20
Closing 21 30 21 15
Flour — .
Opening 2S 05 2S 33
Closing 28 80 2S 30
London Wool Market.
— *— — '¦ •¦» t -.
LONDON. July 11. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 14 320
bales. Good Merinos sold well to France and
Germany. Americans purchased a quantity of
Merinos and several lots of fine crossbred* at
the highest rates of the series. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal grades were in slight demand.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. July 11.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 24@24>4c'
light fine, lCJjlSc; heavy fine, 12@l3c; tub
washed, 33c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 11. —WHEAT — Walla
Walla, (i7©eoc; Dluestoin. 77c; Valley, J8c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 11.— WHEAT— Unchanged
Bluestem, 79c; Club, 60c. ;
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jnly 11. — Clearings, . $758,561;
balances, ?131,000.
TACOMA. July 11.— ClearingB, 340,943; bal
ances, $41,353.
PORTLAND, July 11. — Clearings. $093,374
balances. $45,032. '
SPOKANE. July 11. — Clearings, $426 20G
balances, $21,598. . . -• ; '
THE COAST RECORD.
= 2 2£ o 2 5
i §5 jjf Z\ % • § I
STATIONS. 1 S| "i § 'Hg ?* jf j
JlJ 1^ H
1'akcr M tt> NW Cloudy Tr. i
'arson -~A.sn 7« 4!» SW Clear .00)
J'urfka 30.lt> tfO Z2 W Cloudy .00
3-repno 2».!«0 94 S6 N Clear .00
:E Fiirallon. .3O.<I8 58 .. NW Clear .00
riajtrftaflr 2-J.74 &S R«J SW Clear .00
1 'ocatello 5<5 «... I
Independence .2*. 72 1*2 72 W Clear .00
\.<>* Anjrelee. .r.».SS M *H) W Clear .<><•
:it. Tamalpa:s30.07 «X» .. W Clear .00
T'orth Head 64 ,..
I hocnix 2».«4 112 72 SW Clear .00
It. Pjjft Lt. .W.i>l «4 .. NW Clear .OO
Portland 29.90 80 C2 NW Clear .00
l'.ed BiufT 2H.94 S2 CO SW Clear .CO
KcsFburic SO. 04 7« <X) NW Clear .<.<i
httcramento ..29.08 70 54 E Clear .00
halt Lake 29.76 90 00 SE Clear .00
han FYanciseo.SO.OS «4 54 W Clear .00
f. L. Oblrpo..X0.02 C8 46 W Clear .00
f-an Diego •J9.90 74 64 NW Clear .CO
Kf-altle 23. WJ 74 S8 SE Ft.Cldy .00
Spokane 29.72 94 64 W Pt.Cldy .00
TatooEh 3^.04 54 52 W Clear .00
V.alla Walla. 29. 74 92 70 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Wlr.nemueca .23.72 86 52 NE Cloudy Tr
Vn^» 29.66 110 78 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure hats risen slowly along the
coast north of San Francisco. There has been
*juite a rharp fall rn temperature over Oregon
• nd Washington and the interior of California.
«\>n*.par«Uvely cool weather prevails In the
Facramento and San Joaquln valleys.
Thunaerttonns are rei>orted at Walla Wa'la
and Wlnnemucca.
The following hirt winds are reported: In
a'r>endenoe. 30. eoutheart; Modcna, 32, pouth
wert, and El Paso, 34. northeast.
Foreran made at Fan Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. July 12:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
thunderstorms in the mountains; light south
erly ninds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; brisk
westerly win<is.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather TuevJay,
*e th " n<1 * rEto r»«: brlfk westerly winds.
i-aa Francisco and vicinity— Fair 'i\i?»lay
frerh west winds. '•
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fnrit and Wlieat Bulletin.
siii I • n
STATIONS. %" 3 o 1 |^
? ? I I II
• 9" --Hi- • T
rioveriale 85 44 clear .00
•*° Iu '* " 8 S5 Pt.Cldy .001
£«*?? «0 52 W Cloudy ioo;
Jreeiit 94 f,0 jj dear .00 1
JUn'ord 97 50 Ciear .00
H^.' ll «^ 78 40 .... ci ear
indcpordenc* 92 72 W Clear CO
Kirs? City K5 40 jc clear ioo'
Urwaox* 73 C3 .... aear !oo
AT1 Keies tstf «a .... Clear .W \
Cfe(1 94 46 .... Clear .00
*.*r a 75 4S SW Ciear 00
£««eMUe T5 49 SW Clrar !«>
'^^Sl aa «5 61 .... dear .00-'
rni \'., « f.7 .... Clear .110 1
£?™'ii* M M •••• o«m -co
5j*55* O «> SW Clear .(«
?>' v<? "'' le J00 SO .... Clear .00
££ n.~° 7<J M H CIear •«>
|ZSK?n^::::::5t % %" g~| g
:::::::: - « •-• -- s
WUIow. ;-.-.; MjMt-Jl Pt.CWy i
WEATHER AND CHOP CONDITIONS™ !
crop 10 care for. .' larBe
BjWU Maria -Beet ruear factory bejjan oner
stiony .an week, earliest on record; yield bee<s
very iircrc'.blnc. • 3tt - lu «««¦»
fi£'%i'£ lle ~ PUatr of fWHl for cmttie - buc " •» ;
Hanfcrd — Farmers bury cuttlre m>in- -«^^ •
jroFreci for fruit. <-»"in* grain, good
Stockton— Crol wrather favorable for fruit.
rir*r.ir.K raare rvenly. w iruii,
«S™ ;or "~ wllul turnlr * out u* a
Palermo— French pr« nM dropping badly
Kan Jose— Aprieot* less than last year
NVwnian — Ccnilticr.s the eame
Santa R- ra— Crop condition* unchanrwl
Ne;-» — Corn looking fin». * '
A. O. McADIE.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.05c;
Powdered. 5.00c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.80c ; Fruit Granulated,- 5.S0c; Beet Granu
lated (100- lb bags only). ; Confectioners'
A. 5.80c; Magnolia A. 5.40c; Extra C. 6.30c;
Golden C. 5.20c; "D." 5.10c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kind*. Tablets— Halt
barrels. 6.30c; boxes, 6.65c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.S0c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON — The independent pack
ers of Alaska Salmon have fixed prices for
September-October shipment of red Alaska
pickled Salmon at $7.60 per bbl. 200 lbs gross,
and $5 50 for pinks. 200 lbs net. For mild
cured Chinook prices are quoted as follows:
Nine pound to eleven pound sides, casks. 800
to 110O lbs. 11 He for ten to twelve lb sides.
13»4c.~ This supply Is from the Puget Sound
run. Mild cured Columbia River Chinook* will
be about l&c higher than the local supply.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7H©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7»4©7%c according
to quantity. •
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19^c; Astral. 19Hc;
Star, 19'/ic; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c; in cases. 22',ic: Benzine. In balk.
13c: In cases. lOVic: SO-degre« Gasoline, in
bulk, "5c: In cases.- 31c.
¦ TURPENTINE: — Sic per gallon in cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ion; New Welling
ton. $8: Seattle. $«50; Bryant. »8 60: Braver
Hill. $5 60; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. J7; Coos
Ray. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
WeisK Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50013
per ton In bulk and S15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 54c per gallon for boiled and
62c for raw; .Castor Oil. tn cases. No. 1 70c:
Kakers' AA. cases. $1 10©l 12; Lucol*. 45a
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut cases.
B^^^SOc per gallon: Cocoanut OH. In barrels
68c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH. 68c: natural winter
Sperm OH, 63c; extra bleached winter Whalw
Oil, 67c; natural Whale Oil, 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No -1 Lard Oil 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring OH. 42c: dark Herring OH.
40c; Salmon OH. 34c; boiled Fish OH. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint OH. 33c; raw Paint
OH. 31c.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5«e: San QuentJn.
J5 40; Wool Bags. 32S35c: Fleece Twine.
¦ @sc.' - - ¦ - .
General Merchandise.
Miscellaneous Markets.
The following. quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, 'leas £0
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: /
CATTLE — Steers. 7V4<87^c; Cows and Helf.
ers. SViiiH'ic; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb
CALVES — t@4^c Per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3*4©3%c; Ewes 3S3U O
per lb (gross weight). * ** **
LAMBS— *2 5062 75 per head
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs 4«c*
200 to 250 lbs. 4Vtc; 130 lbs and under 4Hc :
over 250 lbs. 4Vic: soft Hogs, nominal-' Sows.'
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent oft. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— 5@7c for Steers and 4§6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc: small. S©9^c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®»%c; Ewes. 7©8a
per lb.
LAMB — 9@1OC per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, e^es^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The week opened with quotations unchanged
and the market quiet and sufficiently supplied.
Meat Market.
KANSAS CITY. July llT — CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 2000; market steady; native steers $4 25
66 40; native cows and heifers, $2©5 35
stockers and feeders, 52 75<§4 75; bulls $2 50©
4 25; calves, $2 50fi4.75; Western steers. $i@o^
Western cows, $2^4 25. •
HOGS— Receipts, 1500; market 15c lower
than last Wednesday; bulk of sales, $5 io«S
5 20; heavy. $5 1505 25; packers, $5 1CHS5 20
pigs and light. $4 50<g5 10.
No sheep.
Kansas Citv..
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; market for sheep
and lambs steady; good to choice wethera $4 75.
@o oO; fair to choice mixed. $3 5C«?4 50- West
ern sheep, $4#4 00; native lambs. $4@i 75.
• Omaha.
OMAHA, July 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000
market slow and-rteadj' to weaker: native
steers, $4 3(i<9« 10; cows and heifers, $3®4 60-
Western steers $3® 4 75; range cows and
heifers, ?.! 25@3 75; canners, $1 5002 75- stock
£ rS ., an !}w edera ' |3 60 ® 4 15 = calve «. *3@5 25;
bulls, (2 50(g4 i!5. ¦ /
HOGS— Receipt*, 2300; market 10c lower'
i-^V:^ I0 ® 5 15: ml3ced . *3 05®3 10; light'
«»®5 10; pigs. $4 50<@5; bulk of sales. $5 05®
SHEEP— Receipts. J>0;0: market slow; West
ern yearlings, $4 50@5 25; wethers, $4 25<@5
ewes, $3 50S4 50: common and stockers, 12 50
@3 10; lambs, $1 75Q5 55.
..o H^» GS ~ R r et^ : , To ' day 4C '°° 0 ' to-morrow
«?-o^ir I1 i? 1 rket 1Oc lower: mlxed and butchers,
_S®o 40: good to choice heavy, $5 3505 45-
CHICAGO, July 11.— CATTLE— Receipts. 27 -
m f- r^ t 10@15c lower: gocd t0 Prime' stetr..
5.) c*(8«i 40; poor to medium, $4 50@5 10
ttockers and feeders. $2 25«4; cows, *1 50<a
4 40; heifers. $2@4 75; cannern, »1 50@2 BO
bulls, |J@4 25; calves, J2 50@6- Texas feri
steern, $4 50Q5 15. . .
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AJsD HOGS.
<12nth Meridian. Pacific time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 11 — Tt p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tetn
wrjitur't are rpj«>rted for the previous day
-• r- Kastfrn ci»ie«
Bo5tai 70-62 New Orleans KS-74
« im-ir.nati ss-ox Philadelphia 7«-f8
.Tarksonville sV-72 Wa>hinstcn S4-C8
St Louis b4-72 New York
San Krjtncls.-r. '. 64-54
Weather Report.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about V4@le under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9^o: medium. 8%@9c; light. 8@8"4c:
Cow Hides. Si@8%c for heavy and
fffjS^c for light; Stags. 6c; Salted
Kip, . 9c: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf. 10%@Uc; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. Me:
dry Calf. ISc; Sheepskins shearlings. 25#40c
each; short Wool. 40QH5c each: medium "At
90c; long Wool. $1®1 50; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and ?2@2 50 for medium. $1 25
iii 75 for small and 50c for Colts. Horse
Hides, dry. *1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts-
Buck Sklns^ — Dry Mexican. 30c; 4ry. salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American. .'MVS^KJVjc.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large
do. $1 25; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c:
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4©4Hc per lb;
No 2. 3%c; grease. 2H«3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
dno 17S19c; San Joaquln and Southern. 12
morths', 10@12c; do 7 months'. 9@llc per Jb;
Middle Counties, 13@17c for free and 12915c
for defective: Northern. 16£lSc for free and
14£lUc for defective; Nevada. 13@16c. accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 20®27^c per lb for Cali
fornia 1903. Contracts for 19o4 crop are quoted
at 17%S20c
Hides,. Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
NEW YO/iK, July 11.— The visible supply of
grain Satfirday. July 9. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, was as follows-
Wheat, 14.528.000 biisheln, decrease 527 000
bushels. Corn, 6,174,000 bushels, decrease 103 -
(JOO bushels: oats, 4^37,000 buehels Increase
91.000 bushels; rye, 815.000 bushels." decrease
1000 bushels; barjey. 1,803,000 bushels: de
crease 13JXI0 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
CHICAGO, July 11.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creamery, -13© 17c: dairy. J2©I6c Eggs firm.
14%@15#c. Cheese, easy, 8(g8%o.
ELGIN. 111.. July 11.— Gutter nrm: sales for
the week were 457.7S9 pound* l 100 tubs offered
the market Was called firm 'at lie.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Easy. 10134 per cent; closing bid, 1; offered,
1'a per cent.
Time leans— Firmer. Sixty days, 2ft2% per
cent; ninety dajra, oljif.i^; e'.x months, 3Vi©
3 % per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 3^«@4 per cent. . ¦
Sterling exchange — Steady. With actual bufi
r.cts in bunkers' bills at »-!.ti72CQ'4.8725 for de
mand and at $i.83S0<£4-8323 for sixty day bills.
Posted rates-T$4 Mi© 4 Ss.
Commercial bills— *i J>i!84 Sj]%.
liar silver— 5$'^.
Mrx'.oan dollars— 45%c.
Uonds — Governments, stc-ady; railroads, lr
: itgular.
Nezv York Stock Market.
> NEW YORK, July 11.— Dy the time the
Ftock market was concluded to-day the mar
ket showed the effect of the very Urge realiz
ing sales that had been going on during the
j early and active periods of trading. Prices
I opened higher and the first hour's trading was
vfry laige and fluctuations very narrow. Mon-
I day morning is a favorable opportunity for
profit taking by practiced speculators, owing
to the effect produced on a new set of buyers
of f-tocks by the opening of a new week after
a period or rising prices. The weekly sum
ming up of conditions In the business and In
; dustria! world is likely to bring into brokers
offices an accumulation of orders; of which ad
vantage is habitually taken, even in the mid.st
of a prolonged upward movement of prices.
The steady pressure upon this morning's mar
ket was not unexpected, therefore, and was
not disquieting to sentiment over the general
outlock The manner In which the. market
absorbed the profit taking and the small flue
j tuations caused by it gave evidence of the
: volume of the new demand and gave promise
I or a favorable basis for a new advance when
, the professional operators had tested the mar
1 net and realized their profits in canh Thus
I insurance was felt over the action of the later
markn when attempts were made to renew
e a J S \? nce by bldd| ns UP of special stocka.
me dullness and heaviness of the speculation
was naturally relieved by the« efforts. The
Government crop report, as it was not to ul
i w« a J SSt " fl * er the ,S Ioge of the «"** market,
I ?„*,, , i2 ?5 er « ufflci<?n t uncertainty to war
rant withholding commitments until morning,
i The upward course of the wheat market also
; served as a partial offset to the expectation* of
i fn fhn the cjtops. Railroad tratflc officiala
r? »« t '•^ly summing dtprecated any se
1 rioua fears of the floods in the Southwest. The
<la> e reports of railroad earnings, both gross
f i aV E? se - c " ntaln^ nothing. to h*ip th* r--
S2~i ,^ e market cloted easy and at varying
net declines, running to nearly a point "n
Reading and Pennsylvania.
The bond market was trregular Total .aiM
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stovks— Kales. High. Low. Close
AtchUon 14,^00 75»i 74 ii 74 £
Uait ± Ohio 4,700 »-i k .y t*. *
Halt & Ohio p:d.. 4S a?" '%* Hr,
sssrt>figs?^s §» *t g*
Chi & Alton p:d... . ' ' '"" X.%
en! 3* x&
CCC&StL M $ \l % "
Colo boutheru 74 {3^
Colo South let pfd. 200' ha " 50* 4li'*-
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 •>•• •« -Mi'
££ tack u^: o w::: . "» 1&a> * lB a?
Denver t Rio Gr. . &U0 21 ii •>{% il*:
Denver & R G pfd. 300 70^ 70^ 70\
grt« 8,VW i'5» 24% B*2
£}* Vi p " 2 > aw > «i wit w%
H^ki= g faiivv::;: !:T ' *& *&
Kan City South ! «?
Kan City South pfd " """ I-ijul
Lcuis A Nash 3.S0O m"* 112% llt%
Manhattan L 1.100 151H 150% 15t,£
Metropol Securities 4,100 ti\> 89 8U
Metropol Bt Hy.... 25.800 110?i 114% U4T4
Mexican Central .. 2,000 854 $4i SU
Minn A £t Louis.. ..... . 6% 4 l*
MSP4SSU.... 100 C7-k 07« «7.v
M S P A S H M pfd . 100 123 4 123 £ 123*
Missouri Pacific ...'1.40O 02 01U ««
Mo Kar. & Tex.... 00O 17«4 I7>t 17-<t
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 400 3S-| 38# 3S
Nat UK of Mpx pfd . '* soi,
N Y Cent 000 117% 110*4 ' 11»J%
Nor A W pfd ,* (j(j
Ontario & Western 10,300 2Sy 3 27% 27*i
?%?Z u c*Ts; ¦{.:: 2 ?° S??i U7% l li«
Iffiiiipfi::::": 800 51?i g*
! Reading I'd pld 'JOO 72 71% 71%
Rook Island Co 7.SOO Tl\l 1'lTl •¦!«
Rock Island Co pfd aco coy. 0«i? m
S L & S F 2d pfd. 40U 48 47% 47^
St L S W: SOU .13 12& -Vlil
fit l s w pfd 1,100 ai% ai 3x1^
Southern Pacific... 50,500 fju, 4yv 4}<4t
Southern RaUway. 11,200 2;m Site «a«
! Southern Ry pfd... UOO bH'.s, 8SU S8
; Texas A Pacific... IKK) 24% 24?i 21M
Tol fit L & W 100' 25U 23VJ 24%
Tol St L A W pfd. 3714
Union Pacific 40.400 02^4 91 >A 01 ii
L'nion Pacific pfd.. 000 01 uaii oji<.
1 Wnba»h 200 1<;% lei^ i«
! Wfcbash pfd 15H 35% 35 343J
Wheel & L E .... .... 15*
Wisconsin Cent.. J714
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 400 39«i 3ST4 38%
' Express Com;^an!es —
I Adams ... ... ... .... .... .... 225
American ... .: ;.;; i«j-»
United States ...;. 100 103 lui* lirj
Wellg-Fargo 201
: Miscellaneous —
I Amalgam Copper.. 25,400 62 61 14 61
1 Am Car ii Found. 700 17V4 17 ic*i
I Am Car & F pfd.. .... ..„ . ' 731?
1 Am Cotton Oil 100 27% 27% 27
I Ao Cotton Oil pfd ve
! Am Ice gt/
! Am Ice p.'d •»«??
, Air. Linseed Oil " ciZ
I Aia Lin OH pfd 1 '."'. 27
Am Locomotive ... 100 \ 20 *0 * VJK
I Am LocomotU'e pfd e-t
1 Am Smelt & Ret.. 000 54% 541; &4?i
Am Smelt & K pfd. ' 400 97 97 00U
Am Kugar.Ref ... 3,200 12»H 12SH 12sS
Anaconda Mln Co. 200 74% 74a? 74(7
Brooklyn Rap Trns 13,300 60 47 U 40 tj
Colo Fuel &. Iron.. JOO 'J2K 32»i '\\u
Consolidated Oas... 200 105 lfrju ioiu,
Corn l'roducu " jji?
Corn Products pfd. 300 «) cs>i GSU
1 Distiller*' Kecur .. 100 21 U 21 »A "0V
Oi-neral Electric .. 40O ins>H 15.NV? 1572
Internet Papor ... 300 13 13 12S
Internet Paper pfd nn /J
I.itcrnat Pump 100 31 31" 3014
Internat Pump pfd 100 76 70 75
National Lead. .... 11,900, 24',4 23 2-IV4
North American;.. ¦ 100 88 RS «79i
Taclflc Mall ...... 100 27H 27W 27
People's Oas 800 90^ «9 98U
Pref»od S Car .... 1,500 23«4 2814 °9»i
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 73' 73 73U
Pullman- Pal Car... .... .... ..;. so
Republic S:tc*l .: .... .... fju
II«rpubllc Steel pfd : 42
Rubber Oooda .... X5li
Rubber Goods pfd. • 7« "
T»nn Cral A, Iron. 5<X) 3S% 37« 37%
U.£ Leather. , : 500 7«J «% - 1 * .1
U S Leather pfd... 300 SI S0%..'80%
V. 8 Realty, " 300 6 f>?l ' 5IJ
i; S Realty, pfd ... . .... 57
t: S Rubber 2fiO 17- ¦ 17 16U
US Rubber pfd... .VK> *iS% 68 «7l2
US Stser pfd .... 2S.3W WJi 5SVi 5S&
Latest assessment, are: Santa Cruj Electrto
Railway. $10. delinquent August 2 San Do
m.ngo Gold Mining Company. 25c. August 2;
Go «W & Curry Mining Company. 10c
tx -dividend yesterday : Marln County Water
Company, regular quarterly. 75c per sh*r».
amounting to $4500; First National Bank of
ban Francisco, regular »«-ml-aanuaI. at the
Consolidated Powder Company, ragular month
/' . « per share » amounting to $10,000; Cali
fornia Wine Association, regular monthly. 60o
F- e r » ¦ h "f. amounting to $2tS.12O 20; Mont.
crlsto Oil Company, regular monthly, lc rn»r
share amounting to $5000; the We»tlnghous«
t-lectrlc and Manufacturing Company, a reru-
SifSSSfige^' 114 of 2 ' i p<r cent ca
An assessment of 4 cents per share was de
linquent yesterday on the capital stock of th>
". F J!? nclsco t'nlon Salt Company of Ala
meoa County.
An assessment of $5 per share was delinquent .
yesterday on the capital stock of the Idor*
fark Amusement Company of Alameda County.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE, t
MONDAT. July 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. A«k.
43 qr coup.. 1 OH v; lottos qr cp new.l.T2»»l ">3S
U qr reg...KHiVilOe«4|:5» qr coup...lO» 1OJW
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
£'* A .r^ 5 8 - ~ ~ ' Oa>t T c «> ««•!!« — ' ]
BafCPCSs. — 102 I Do 6s 100*111
CalC G 5«. - 1O4%| Do con 5>. - 105
Cal C & E G Oceanic S 5a. — 72«4
m A ct Sm. «4 S3% Om Cable ««. — 125
Cal-st C 5s..— 11« Pac O Im 4s. 82% Otf
C C Wat 5». — 100 P E Ry 5«. — _
E^L * P«8l24U - ,p & C II «s.I0« _
F * C H Ball* — I P & o R 6s.ll2 113
H C&S 5%».10O — iaac EGARSa. 87% —
xr Do .?Vy, 99 '* ~ ISK * SJV5rll7V* _
Hon R T Cs.105 — (gierra R «».. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — ~ IS P nf A (a
L A Ry 5s.ll3 — (100!)) 106 —
L A L Co »>a — — I (1010) 107 —
Do gtd «u. — — |S P of C 6s
LAP lem 5s.l01% — | (lOC5)Sr B.1^% —
Mkt-st C f*lU — I Him) 105 —
Do lem 5sll4U — 1 (1912* muilrt
MV& MtT5».101% - SFC <l eg SsllO^ _ ¦
NRft-of CBs.lO4fcl05 I D o stmpd. .lftHUina
Do 5s H7 — IS P B R «s. 132 13*
N P C R 58.104% — |S V Wat ea.103% _
$•- 9. S^H- • ~~ 112 1 1>o *• 2dr «- » im
t"r S S C **• ~ luO ' **> ** Mm. OS 99
O G L&H 5s. 107 — |Stkn G&EtJa, — 82U
O Vt gtd 5s. — 100 |U O * E Ss.100 10ft
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 33% 40 | Port Co*ta —
Marln Co... — eo |S V Wat Co. 28%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3 3%|S F G A E. 58»i 00
Mutual E L. 12 13 ,Stkn G A E. — t
Pac L Co... 57 U — |U O A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l20 130 | L P & A — IM
Anglo-Cal .. 83% SB%]Mer Trust.... 203 --
Barns of Cal.424 — [Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150. |S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SA\aNGS BANKS.
S' r S D *, 1 t 22S0 235 ° ' f: * v * L So. — 10O
Hum SAL.— — (Sec Sav Bk.380 40O
u i, u »' ' Sav - - "0 I L'mon T Co. . — —
S F Sav U.640 _ 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 | Presidio — —
Geary — — j
POWDER
Giant 60 61 |Vlgorlt — g
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — I5c I Kllauea SC- 4
Hawaiian C. 51% 52 iMakawell C. 22H 22%
Honokaa S C 11% 12 lOnomea S C. 23% 27
Hutch S P C 8\ — I Paauhau S C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
MVA^Tn^ ~ i Pac c Borxi5c iM
Morning Session.
20 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar Bl 50
200 Hana Plantation Co 13
15 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
Street —
., JS. SH,**" 111 Canners* Assn 89 00
$1,000 N P C R R 5 per cent 104 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers* Association. ..131 50
5 Maka well 22 "3
10 Presidio R R 42 0O
$1,000 X P C R R 3 per cent 104 5O
$4,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.... 113 23
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.... 113 0O
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 6s 104 00
$11,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s. ¦ 5 104 0©
$11,000 Sac Elect Gas A Ry 5s »7 75
• 30 S F Gas A Electric, b 6 «o 00
10 S F Gas A Electric, b S 60 CO
20 S F Gas A Electric eo 0O
85 Spring Valley Water Co 33 69
Street —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 133 M
Unlisted Securities. ,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid An*.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 SF A NP 5a. — 1O» V
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 112% S P Co 4%«.100 --
M C Wat 3s.lOO — Sun T«l 5s.. 104
RIs I Wki Ss — 105 Sutter-st R3s.lO8 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 80% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
Ala. S Co... — SO I Mat Nav Co. M
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk 190 —
Cal Cot Mils — 83 I N S R R Co. 9U
Cal OAECor. 4«% 5O IX Cal P Co. lOH 10*
Cal Powder.. — 143 (Oak Bk Sav.120'
Cal Ship Co — 25 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I tc T.115 — IOOF Hall A 9 —
Cen Bk. Oak — C3 Orpheum Co. — 13U
Chutes Co .. — 7% PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City A C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel Co 99U —
Cyp L, Imp.. — 7 Pac Sur Co.103 —
East Dynm.. — 270 Paraf Paint.. 3S -•
DpntPwd pfd — 9O S T Drydoclc 60 «•
Do com ..40 50 SFASJ Coa!.. — 28
FN. Bit. Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 1C8
Fischer Thtr — 60c SO A MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A BlclOS — Swtss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 _
Hon P Co.. 10% 14 UR InC pfd. 47 —
LonA SF Bk — 60 Do com ... 9% — .
Morning Session.
Board —
$5,000 United R R.of S F 4 per cert.. 80 73
Street —
$20,000 United R R of S T 4 per cent. . 80 75
Afternoon Session
Board —
330 Northern Cal Power Co... . 10 3<>
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . SO 73
Calif orn ia Stock and Oil Exchange
Of! Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 4C
Associated Trust Certificate*. 1* H
Caribou 3 CO 5 00
Chicago Crude «r,
Claremont to 75
Four 64 ,70
Fulton .'. .„. 'da
Hanford 163 CO 17* CO
Home 1 421.1
Imperial ., is ci>
Independence 25 2ft
Kern 4 K3 SCO
Kern Rlrer 10 5O ....
Monarch (of Arizona) .... 32
Monte Crtsto 0.1 70
Occidental of W Va. 07 CO
Oil City Petroleum «J
Peerless ,\ 14 50
Reed Crude 1 50
S F St McKUtrlck 3 CO
Sovereign £>
Sterling 2 5O 3 00
Superior 04 10
Thirty-three ; 8 23
Toltec 21 ....
Twenty-eight 7 <*» Oifl
Wabash : 23 40
Miscellaneous—
Fischer's Theater 23 1 00
Northern Cal Power .... 10 SO .
SALES.
' 10 Peerless 14 CO
Afternoon Session.
50O Independence 28
lx«-n secured in excf'.lent condition, partlcu- \
Urly clover but the crop Is light. Hop* and |
jotaloep rromife to be a light crop. Apples ,
will be a good crop in Whitman County. The 1
hot weather «as beneficial to crops in the ir- I
rtfated districts. ;
Th* »«-tl; was the Wlliwif one yet this s<«
v:«ion uf the State. In th«> eastern counti#«
¦;h*re »ere copious showeri! in the latter part
of the w<fk. which vnt of great benefit to
fprir.g grain and all \fjr<*tabl<- troiis.
Wirtrr wheat grncraily Kf fast approaching
maturity and uppfar* pfmrally in good con
«'.!;ion. Har\-ei«t will !«?in noil «wk in early
iuoa.litie<>. Spring wheat i« commencing t.^
h<?ad. The hot wind? of the week somewhat
injured it in some localities by firing." Al
1 hough greatly improved I'.v the rain, it is
'.hin on tht? ground and i-hort. and the mois
ture in the ground, therefore. .Irws out rap
idly. It U in the brs't condition in Whit
;r.«n County, but even th»-re it is reported by
tome »s the pooreFt outlook for several years.
Oats in the Sound country have Jx'-en in
;urinu*ly aff'-ctrd by the dry Fpell. but in the
iastrrn * cour.ties have not been materially
damaped. The »efk was perfect for haying.
wfalcb »mb in penrra! progress. The hay has
The report of G. N. Salisbury, scclloa di
/ector i'nitcd States Weather Bureau, for
the Washington Crop Bulletin, week t-ndel
July Ti, I* ttM follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; thre«
half barrels. 8*ic: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierce*. 7%o per lb.
LARD — Tlercea quoted at 806 %c per lb for
common and Oc for pure; half- barrels, pure,
»Hc; 10-lb tins. 9%c; S-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
Chlcag-o was firm on the day, with receipts
of Hogs again larger than last year. There is
not much selling pressure, and not much sup
port is being given to the market. The San
Francisco market continues quiet and un
changed.
• CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 12%c for light.
13%o for extra light and 16c for sugar*
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12 %c: Mesa Beef. $100
10 50 per bbl; extra Mess $ll@H 50; Family.
$12912 50; prime Mess Pork. $14 50: extra
clear. $21; Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 9V4c;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb
Provisions.
the 15th' VldCnd ° f n °° f0I> th<! <IU * rt « r «°
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2®2Vio for tht four
SiZt-S. ¦
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 60-lb boxes — Loose Mu.«catels. 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4Vic; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. ,3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. S%c; aeertless
Muscatels, 'iKc; do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. l(J-oz cartons, fancy. C%c; choice 5V4c;
12-oz /carbons, fancy. 4%c; 'choice. 4%c; In
bulk fancy, CVlc; choic*. 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 U); fancy. $2; London
Layers. 3-crown $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 «oft»helL-il:JU<5i4c;
No. 2. Il%ei2c: No. 1 hardshell. 13j*13%c;
No. 2, 11811%c: Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and OVic for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6®7c for
Eastern; Pecans. 111313c: Cocoanuts $4 50^5.
HONET— Comb. 11%©12%c for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted. 50
r.e; , light amber extracted. 4% ©3c; dark,
3%(S4c.
BEESWAX— 27620c per lb.
Dried Fruits J>Juts, Raisins, Honey.
Wall-street Stocks zvcakcr on the day. Colt an firmer.
Loral Bonds in better demand, but Storks generally quiet.
Sii:rr advanced y$c. Continental Exrlwngc lozcer.
Condition of Wheat crop u points belter than last year. ...
Local Wheat firm, with futures higher.
En-icy Futures and Cash Grain both advanced.
Oats. Corn and Rye about as before.
Seeds generally firm and scarce. Beans still dull.
Hay weak under very large receipts. Feedstuff s unchanged,
Xo further advance in Eggs, Cheese or Butter.
Prcri'isions quiet here and in the West. # :
Iv.dcpendent packers of Alaska Salmon announce prices.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs renwr.i unchanged.
Km' Potatoes in heavy receipt and unsettled. Onions steady.
ycgctables in excessive supply- and 7vcak.
Poultry and Game quiet, zdthjittlc change.
Fresh Fruits in good demand. Stocks of Peaches excessive.
Navel Oranges aboui out for rhe season.
Westinghouse Elec .... . ... 157%
Western Union .... 20Q 87% 87% 87
Total rales ...ir.5.100
L'MTED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NKW YORK, July 11.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco were $5000
at ?Sl> 5w and $.!0,CO0 at $SO :;7%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4 : <i; preferred, bid
41. asked 41%. \
NEW YORK B0ND3.
U S ref 2s rcg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s.lO0' / i
Do coupon I04^i|Man con gold 4a. 105%
lJo os 1'fctf 105 |Mex Central 4a... tii:^
Do coupon 100 Do 1st lnc 14
Uu new 4s r«-g. 1.52 HI Minn & gt L Is.. 00
l»o coupon lr.l^lAi K &. Ttx 4s... 'Jl)%
Do old 4s reg.KHJi.il Do 2ds „ 7lt',j
Do coupon 100 Vi INK of Mex con 4s. 77 '.i •
Atoli gtn 4s 1U2%|N>Y C gen !!%».. W)« I
Uo adj 4s 04 JX J C gen us. . . .132 Vi
Atlantic C L 4s. U8*;iXor Pac 4s 10i%
Bali & Ohio 4s...lO3%| Do 3s 74%
Lto 3%s 0 IT; I Nor & W con 4s.ltl •
Central of Ga 5«.110%|OSL 4s & par:ic. 07%
Do 1st Inc.... 79 i Pa conv 3%s.... Uf%
Ches & Ohio 4«iP.lC5%| Rtading gen 4»... U83»
CttiA Alton 3%s. 78'ilS L, & I M con 5s.H<j
C. H & Q new 4=. OUTAJrf U &. 8 V is 4s. 81^;
C.M tc SP sn 4s.101V.iiSt Louis S\V lits.- US'/a'
C & NW con 7s.l20%| Seaboard A L 4s. Cil
C, U I & Pac 4s. 71 '/i I So Pac!i!o 4s O.iV,
Do col os 81 »i | So Railway 53...115U
C.C.C & SLgn 4£.1003(iiTex &. i'»c 1st*.. 11!) I
Chi Term 4s 74 |T. St L &. W 4s. 71% i
Cons Tobacco 4s. (KJ%I Union Pacific 4s..lO4»i
Colo & So i* 84 | Do conv 43 101%
C K & I con 5s. tiO'ilU S Steel 2il 5s. . 77'fi
Den & Rio G 4.-?. fl9-|»|\Vabash lsts 117^
Krie prior lien 4s. OS ! Do deb B 58%
Do gen 43 85% \V & L Erie 4s...' 01
F W & D C lsts. 103% Wis Central 4s... 80%
Hock Val 4%s...lO7M •
NEW YORK MINING; STOCKS. •
Adams Con 20| Little;- Chiefs- 05!
Alio« 20! Ontario 3(0-
Ureece r* li)|Ophiv 2 CO !
lirunfi Con ...... 07IPhoeuix .......... 25;
Com Tunnel 07|Potosi ............. ir '•
Con Cal & Va. 1 051 Savage ...... .....' • 25 j
Horn Silver 1 4.">! Sierra Nevada.... S'j '
Iron Sliver 1 5uUSrr.all Hopes 20 '
Leadvirte Con ... C2|Stanoard 2 10 i
' . : . J
Boston Stocks and Bonds*
Money— . |US Steel... lO-i;
Call loans 203% Do i>£d r.S a 5 i
Time loans 1..... 3S4%| Westing Common. 77 '
Bonds— - I Mining—
Atchiton 4s :l01%jAUventare ....... Hi
Do aUJ 4s 0:l%JAUouez s%
Mex Central 4s... el%|Amal Copper 51 I
Railroads— lAmerZlnc .. 10^ \
Atchison 74%| Atlantic 7%
Do pfd Ui% Blngham 24%
Boston & Albany. 246 | Calumet & Hecla,4H5
Boston •& Maine. il^57 (Centennial 21 »i
Boston Elev 151%|Copper Range ... 44%
Fitchburg pfd.^.-lSti'VjiDaly West 23
Mex Central ..... fi>4|Dom Coal Ill
N Y. N H & H..101%|FrankJln 7
Pere Marquette... 77 jflrancy 3
Union Pacific... 01% lisle Royale 7%
Miscellaneous— (Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Ch«>m. i::%| Michigan 4
Do pfd .'... 74 1 Mohawk 41%
Amor Pneu Tube; 4 Mont Coal & Coke 3% !
Amer Sugar ....128 |oid Dominion ... 41 ;
Do pfd 12s 1 o»c«jia em '
Amer Tel & Tel. 128% I Parrot 24%!
Amer Woolen ... 11 JQuincy fs.'l i
Do pfd 76V4 1 Shannon 5T4
Dom Iron & S... 7 T /g I Tamarack 01
Ed Electric IIlum.244 | Trinity '.. Ti'I
Gen Eloctrlc ....158mu S Mining 2Ui
Mass Electric... l«%iU S Oil J014
Do pfd 7.1 lUtah ;. 371.1
Ma.-» Ga» .tn^l Vlotoria 2»2
1'nltfd Fruit 102*»| Winona 7.V
Un Sho<? Mach... 49% \ Wolverine 73
Do pfd 29T6J
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 89% |N Y Central 121%
Do for acct 89%|Xor & Western... l!0%
Anaconda :t% | Do pfd ,«0 j
Atchison 77«|Ont & Western. .^ 2s% !
Do pfd 078i|P«nnsyU-anla «0% I
Bait & Ohio S4%|Rand Mlnea ' 10U '
Can Pacific 127%|Reading 2fltJ j
Ches & Ohio M | Do l*t pfd 43 I
Chi Great West.. 14%! Do 2rt pfd 37«i !
Chi. Mil & St P.140ii|So Railway 2.{»? ;
De Beers 18% Do pfd OOV* (
Den & Rio G.... 22% I So PaciHc 50% j
,,Do pM ...72%! Union Pacific 0»%
Erie '25%\ Do pfd 06U
Do 1st pfd C2% u S Steel n«
Do 2d pfd 3R j Do ? fd ..:..-... «ifl*i ;
III Central 1.'!7%I Wabash 17 !
Loula & Nash 115HI Do pf<J 3,114 j
M. K & Texas 10%! Spanish Is S5% |
Bar silver— Steady. 20 13-1 6d per ounce. !
Money— 2® 2 V, per cent. i
The rate of discount in the open market for !
Khort bills Li 2 3-10021; per cent and for
three months' bills 2 3-J«@2H per cent. ]
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 11.— To-day's statement i
of the Treasury balances show?: Available I
cash balance, $157.13S.2O5; gold. $00,760,441.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YDRK, July 11.— The cotton market
opened steady at an advance of 3 points on j
the old crop, while the late positions were 1
point lower to 4 points higher. The close wa» 1
very steady at a net advance of 3®8 points
Cotton futures closed- very steady July. I
l&JMc; August, 10.50c; September ' 0 05c
October. 0.44c; November, 0.40c; December'
0.44c; January, 0.40c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
nn^J^K Y °? K> Jul ~^— FLOUR-Recelpts.
20,000 barrels; exports. 1000 barrels. Market
inactive. (
WHEAT— Receipts. 00,100 bushols. Spot
firm; No. 2 red. nominal elevator and $1 12 f'
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $105%
f. o. b. afloat. Options, opened easier on ac
count of poor cables, but sixv.My racarered :«ml
were strong all day on a scare of Bhorts nota- I
bly In July. The close showed 1@1V> net ad
vance. July. 04%@97c. closed 07c; September
K7%f?8S'/,e. closed SS%c; December, 87SSS%e'
closed 88%c. '• ' r
HIDES— Quiet. :
WOOL— Steady • I
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; mild. firm. The I
market for futures closed not unchang-ei to 5'
points higher. Total sales, 14,250 bags, includ- '
ing: July. Cc; August, 0.05c; September, 6.15c-
Dwmber, li.35<9C40c; March, 0.70c; May, 0 00c ¦
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, strong.
BUTTER— Easy. Street prices— Extra cream- i
cry. 17%©17%c. Official prices— Creamery '
common to extra. 13ffI7%c; State dairy com
mon to extra. 13® 17c. ' 1
CHEESE — Ncminally unchanged.
EGGS — Nominally strong. Western extras.
10%c; Western firsts, lfe!?TlS%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows '
no material change. Futures attract no
amount of attention, with prime fruit for No- j
vcmber delivery quoted at 5%c.' Spct demand '
is light, but holders are firm in their views !
Common are quoted at 4il5Uc; prime, "5%taHJc
choice. «%®C-T4c: fancy, 7c .
PRUNES — Are unchanged, quotations rang
ing around 2%c to 0c. according to grade
APRICOTS— Seem to be a little firmer In
tone, in spite of a moderate demand. Choice
are quoted at 0%^l0c; extra choice, 10'A«
10%c; fancy. 11613c.
PEACHES— Are meeting with little demand
so far as Eastern buyers nra concerned The
market Is steadily held, however choice being
quoted at 7©7V4c; extra choice, "T%(g8c; fancy,
'Jliii loc.
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
FIGS— 33S50C for single-layer and 604*8.*:
for double-layer boxes; large boxes. $1@1 25.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella. SI 2S
©2 per crate; from Bakersft>l<l. SI 7WJ3 p<:r
crate; Nutmeg Melons, $1 25® 1 50 per box:
Watermelons. l%c* per lb.
GRAPES — $1«1 BO per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Orange*. $1 5C<S2 50 per
box for Valencias and $1 5«x@2 for Mediterra
nean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25<£2 73 for fancy,
$1 &0#l 75 for choice nnd $101 25 for stand
ard- Grape Fruit. $1 50<§2 50; Mexican Limes,
$t|T4 50 per case; Bananas, $1 25*?2 50 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. ?1 50#2 50 per dozen.
CURRANTS- *e®S per chest.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 50(Q75c:
in bulk. l%@2V»c Per lb to th« trade-and $15
©30 per ton to the canners.
APPLES— Fane* ¦ Gravensteins. $1 25<ftl M
per box; other varieties. $1£?1 25 per box for
choice and CO^73c for common; Crab Apples.
50c5I$l per box.
PEARS— Bartlett .$1 2561 40 for wrapped
and $161 50 for open boxes: email green vari
eties. 4C«7fiCc per small box or basket.
PEACHES— 23® GOc per box; baskets, 25®
40c; open boxes. 75c{Z$l.
PLUMS AND- PRUNES — M®75e per crate
and 35$S0c per box: baskets. 234? 4Cc for Plums
and 50560c for Prunes.
BLACKBERRIES-T-fJ#4 per che*t.
KASPBERRIES — #1 W>©6 per chest
CHICAGO. July 11.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat
05£TS)8c; No. 3. SCiiOSc; No. 2 red, $1 O4(fH 05;
Xo. .2 corn, 4S%c; No. 2 yellow, 50%c: No. 2
oats, 37c; No. 3 wiiite, SS%e; No. 2 rye, *U@
«ffc; good feeding barley. :i5@33c; fair to choice
malting, 42(J50s: Xo. 1 flaxseed, $1 12; No. 1
Northwestern, $117%; prime , timothy need,
$2 05; mess pork, per ...barrel,' $12 70@12 75
lard, per 100 pounds. $6 S5@t)87%; short ribs
sfdes (loose), ?7 25@7 37%; short "clear eldes
(boxed), ?" 25@7 50; 'whisky, : basis of high
wln«£. $1 2S; clover, contract grade, $10 75
@11. -a
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 25,200
Wheat, -bushels v «,O0O. ' 14,700
Corn, bushels . .....'...'.... 3 1.9,300 . • 342 500
Oats, bushels.. ......;.... llfl,200 . 225 <u0
Rye, bushels...... -2,000''
Barlev, bushels.... ..' 24,200
Cash Grain and Provisions.
rain had already fallen,': with more In prospect, I
ami claims of damage from rust from other [
sections of the wheat belt began to come la '
and bull sentiment asserted itself. September
advanced to S3YtCSS%c under a brisk demand
from shorts and the close was strong at S4%@ I
Me. ... . .
The weather was '. all I that could be desired
for corn. As a result the market showed de
cided weakness at the start. - The close showed !
September steady and but a shade > lower at j
48%c, after ranging between 48%c to 4S%c
with the. opening price and 49%c.
Oats were , easy, the weather. . chiefly of the
most favorable character, being the governing 1
Influence. September opened unchanged to %c f
higher at 32Hc to 32Vic, declining to 31 vi®32e.
The close was fairly steady at 32®32Hc. i
Larger receipts of hogs than were anticipated
t ave the market for products a weak start.
Offerings at lower prices were smaller, how- \
ever, and were readily taken for local short
account. That element, moved by the wheat •
strength, nought to cover sales. A better tone ,
followed. The closes showed September pork j
up 10@12%c, lard 2Hc lower and ribs un
changed. • • - -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. .Low. Close.
l .Wheat No. 2— . . /
July (old) . - 80 ' ". "01 \\ .891b 00 t »
July (new;..... ¦ •- MHi , '00^ ¦ ss yoii
Sept (bid)...... . «4T(, 86% -,-84% SC
Sept (new),.... S3? s 85<fc 83H S3 '
Ccrn Xo. .2 — - • . •
July 4SMi 4S94...-48- 4S%
September 4S% 49^ 4S«4 4S ! !i
December ..... 44% 45% 44% 45
Oats No. 2—
July MSU 38 % sgy ~ A u
September .;.-...• .32% 32% 32 " 32 V*-
Deomber ':. 33 • .' 33V» , 323i ~ U2?i
' Mess Pork, per bbl—
July...- .'..¦ 12 70
September 12-72% 12 00 12 70 12 00
. Lard, -per 100 lbs — -.
July.... •'. • .... 6 87 V,
September 0 05 7 02»4 6 05 7 02% '
October 7 05 7 07 1 /. 7 00 7 07%
Short Ribs,, per 100 lbs— " i
July • 7 42%'
September ..... 7 52% 7 02% 7 52% 7 ttfu,
Otober 7 65 7 67% 7 05 7 67%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY.- JULY 12, 1004:
Nrzv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, July XL-Money od call—
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
TO-DAY.
At 11 a. m.-, on Premises,
917 Jones St., nr. Bush
The magnificent modern furniture of a private
residence.
Including high-grade Piano and
Axminster .Carpets.
1* H. BURD. Auctioneer.
By order o? J. Hyan of San Jose I will sell a
car of good gentle horses, also all kinds of
Buggies, wagons, carts, surrles. and 20 sets or
single and double harness. TUESDAY July 11
An*'l m '' * l 114 ° KoUom st - wa - CLOUGuI
SPECIAL. AUCTION SALE— ARCADB
TO&?8?Ki -^RKET, 327 SIXTH ST°
h» » e , d °' good hor "«. consigned tc m«
by A. Stack of Milton. < alaverai County. Cal. .
also a lot of other good horx»». buggies, wa •-
ons and harness. John J. Doyle. Auctioneer.;';"'' £i«t "clearance"', s'ale' in. 22 \ years. Crock
ery, v glas«ware7: lamp 1 fixtures."; H. • OAWle
dero Co., 4th and Mission. stSf:,; . •
Swell booklets are a habit . with Edward
Coirjany, printers, 24 Second St. • •
r
This • being, called ¦ "splrituelle,',' girls,
is no compliment. ; It means one who is
eo thin her -ribs 'show,-..
. Murlne Eye Remedy cures : Sore Eyes.
Makes weak. Eyes strong. Murlne doesn't
smart, -it . soothes. ,. .-... .r ,. •
Prize Winner Sues' "the Elephant.!'
rPt.T.- Gift has brought. suit in the
Justices* Court to "Obtain $100 and in
terest, - which 'he* claims, is due, him
from " the; Post ; Publishing 1 Company.
Gift says that liis" name » was /printed
as" the;.; thirty- fourth"? prize j-winrierTin
the"} Post's 'elephant '1 dot ."guessing ; con
test\andUhat>\yhen"; he called ;" with/ the
pr oper .• affi d avi ts as to : his i dent j ty !the
money v was refused him. -
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin appeared be
fore Judge Dunne yesterday and was
arraigned on the charge of murder in
connection with the death from poison
of Mrs. Ida Henrietta Deane at Dover.
Del., in August. 1898. She was repre
sented by Attorney Reece Clark. The
case was continued for two weeks for
the defendant to plead. The decision
of Judge Cook on the motion for a
new trial of the, charge of murdering
Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning, Mrs. Deane's
sister, will not be delivered till August
S. The defendant looked the picture
of good health.
Mrs. Iiotkin Arraigned.
A jrcntlcman is a man made rleht and Im
prowd with ajje. Anply that tert to a whiskey
anj you have "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey." •
Several persons , called : . at the
Morgue yesterday; to identify the re
mains of the man supposed to be- J;
H." Hanley, who committed \ suicide | in
Golden 'Gate Park last Saturday,, after
noon, but they,~were- unable to dojso.
In .the afternoon Deputy ,Coro*ner
Michael c Brown : received Va . telegram
from William Hanley at Hoquiam;
Wash^V asking for 'a description of the
decedent.. • ...... ¦.,; '} s -^ ;
Body Is Still 'Unidentified.
A joint masB meeting of the three
societies of Poles, Lithuanians and
Rou'sines of this city will: be held next
Sunday afternoon at Gblden^Gate Hall,
625; Sutter. street. Its objeel will be
the expression of sympathy^ for; Japan
in her present conflict with Russia.
The call for the meeting issued by the
committee of ! the three ' organizations
announces that the" gathering ; is If or
those who are protesting ' against * the
Russian Government's ; r tyrannical
treatment of the' Poles and^ other
smaller nations that have, been kept
for centuries under \ the yoke of the
.Czar. ¦ •-. ¦'¦¦'¦' ¦' ¦'.¦ ¦'¦
1 Among the speakers will be -Gen
eral ;E.\ S. Salomon, F. : E.* Mersbach
and Arthur M. Lewis."", Other's^ have:' ex-;
pressed ' their; intention . to y be; present
and Hake part and a j large '.gathering
is expected to be , present : The meet
ing will r beat; 1:30 i>. m.V The public
is: invited 1 to* attend. fv. ' 7*
Mass Meetings of Poles, Lithuanians
and Rouslnes at Golden Gate
Hall Next Sunday.
WILL PROTEST AGAINST
THEIR ANCIENT ENEMY
Master painters and "decorators^ all
over the coast are displaying a great
interest in the' newly' organized' State
Association and . its annual convention
which' will .-be .held, in this city Jan
uary next! * This great gathering will
be attended by prominent master
painters from all sections of the State.
At the last -meeting of /the ¦ Master
Painters' and' Decorators' • Association
held In their hall, 584 Parrott build
ing, the San Jose association was acr
cepted as a member. -The ''application
was made through lGeorge ( Kornig, the
secretary of the San Jose organization.
ImportnnL Gathering of the State Or
ganization . io . Be licld : in This '
City .Next -January.
MASTER PAINTERS' AND
DECORATORS' MEETING
Buffalo Is In Port.
The United states cruiser Buffalo,
Captain Everett, arrived from Pana
ma and Magdalena Bay early this
morning.
As the, girl reporter, who fights life's
battle alone and hv trying times'proves
true»ras;; steel, - Eugenie ..Thais Lawton
gave : one ;of her most creditable im
personations. '. Lawrence 'Griffith,- as ah
aspiring, politician, -and George t Nich
ollsV as a . rival' candidate 'who seeksltb
control ; the Tedltbri through the, Instru
mentality.: of a mortgage } on \ the ; news
'paper, plant,. acqultted'themselves .with
merit; and Ernest :Howell, inthe. part
of the . seirpent r of ' the Mohawk 1 para-,
dlseii gave a keen 'interpretation ; of , the
/villain.; ;; Elmer ; Booth" and . Winifred
Gordon ; pleased- inflight ''comedy roles;
A whole printing office, with a cylin
der pres3 rolling off paper at light
ning speed, are features of the climax
of • the beautiful, picturesque . and
wholesome comedy-drama,. "Along the
Mohawk,." produced last night at the
Central ' Theater '. for the first time> in
San Francisco, .'and" played in a man
ner'-that merits almost unqualified
praise.. .Herschel Mayall, as Old Still
water, i editor of« the Mohawk- Beacon
and the hero of the drama, has a "part
.that ranks well .with the Sol ;Smith
Russell role in "Peaceful Valley." Mis
fortunes '. bring out the manly quali
ties of this -country editor! whose' hoif
esty of purpose is as fixed as the plan
ets, and whose heart beats for human
ity. . ; It "is '.a' strong part, effective" in
its candor as wellasin its undercur
rent of emotion. •
Central.
The fourth week of "Robin Hood"
at the Tivoli was greeted by a packed
house last , night and the De Koven
production promises to retain all the
drawing features* with- which its In
auguration was greeted.
Tivoli.
S. C. Lewin, a soldier, became en
gaged In an altercation with Fausto
Masante In the Headlight saloon on
Pacific street and struck the foreigner
In the forehead with a piece of Iron,
inflicting an ugly scalp wound. Sev
eral other soldiers entered Into the
fight and were arrested and charged
with drunkenness. Masante was
treated at the Emergency Hospital.
Soldier Hits 3Ian on Head.
The Civil Service Commissioners
at a meeting held last night disap
proved the action of the Election
Commissioners in appointing twenty
five non-civil service deputy registrars
on the ground that the positions
should have been filled from the
eligible list of clerks. The Election
Commission has taken the stand that
inasmuch as the list of those qualified
to fill the positions of deputy regis
trars has been exhausted the appoint
ments were made pending the holding
of another examination of applicants
for the positions. Until a decision by
Judge Sloss, before whom the matter
was taken on injunction proceedings,"
no further action will be taken. The
commission approved the' temporary
appointments made by the Board of
Health to several new positions pend
ing examinations.
Disapprove Appointments.
The California Association of Op
tometrists, that being the new name
assigned by the State to the Ophthalm
ological Association, met at the Cali
fornia Hotel last night at 8 o'clock and
listened to interesting papers by S. G.
Marschutz of Los Angeles. G. A.
Schneider of Stockton and President
Charles H. Wood of Oakland. The
association intends to make elaborate
arrangements for the entertainment of
ophthalmologists among the Knights
Templar, one of whom is the national
president. John C. Eberhardt of Day
ton, Ohio.
Optometrists Hold Meeting.
, Horace T. Rutherford, who is a
member, of the Sixtieth Coast Artillery j
and of a saving disposition, has money
on deposit in the Market-street Bank
at Seventh and Market streets. Last
Friday he missed his bank book. Yes
terday when he went to the bank to
.deposit 510 he explained that his bank '
book had probably been stolen' and }
he was told not to worry, as the thief ¦
would be at once recognized if an at- !
tempt was made to draw out any of i
the money. - * j
Rutherford had • left the bank not j
more than ten minutes when A. R. i
Bratton, a member of the same com-j
pany, presented Rutherford's book ati
the bank with a check for $25, which)
he asked to, be cashed. The check I
purported to be signed by Rutherford. I
The bank officials told Bratton tot
wait and telephoned to police" head- I
quarters. Detectives Ed Gibson and j
Sllvey hurried to the. bank and placed i
Bratton, under arrest on a charge of -
forgery. He protested for a time that
he was Rutherford, but. finally admit
ted having stolen the bank book 'and
forged the name of Rutherford to the
check. "*
A. R. Brutton, Member of the Coast
Artillery, Arrested While Present
. Ins Cheek at Bank. ,
STEALS BANK BOOK AND
FORGES COMRADES NAME
The ' Supreme Court listened yes
terday to the arguments advanced by
Judge James G. Maguire for and by
George Wheeler against the issuance
of a permanent injunction to restrain
M. M. Gcpcevic from assuming con
trol of -the estate of Harry,: : A. Floyd,
his deceased wife. The matter was
taken under advisement.
At the time Mrs. Gopcevic died "she
was • receiving ¦ the revenue of an es
tate valued ati $700.00.0 and after her
death it was found that she had left
a will bequeathing ;the estate to Gop
sevic.' He filed the. document with the
Superior Court of Lake County- and
asked Judge M. S. Sayre to turn the
property over to him. •'Before, that re
quest could be complied .with relatives
of the deceased retained Judge Ma
guire to look , out for their interests
and an application was made to v the
Supreme Court to restrain Judge Sayre
from granting the application of Gop
cevic. The question of Jurisdiction of
the Lake County court ,will come up
before the Supreme Court to-day.
The contestants, .who reside in the
East, arfj Mary: Floyd 'McAdoo, - Rosa
lie Humes arid- Isabella Matthews.
tier Advisement. '
supreme: cqrarr; hears
INJUNCTION ARGUMENT
-.-,; ¦/ ¦ . . . — ; , •. . ¦
Application to Restrain Lake County
Court in Goi>ccvlc Case Is L'n-
At the national congress of the Sons
of the American Revolution just held
in St. Louis Colonel A. D. Cutler of
this city was signally honored by be
ing elected one of the vice presidents
general.
The following is a list of the officers
elected by the national congress:
President general, James Denton Han
cock, Franklin. Pa.; vice presidents
general. George H. Shields, St. Louis.
Mo.; John Paul Earnest, "Washington.
D. C; Colonel A. D. Cutler, San Fran
cisco, CaL; Edward Payson Cone, New
York City; Charles Kingsbury Miller.
Chicago. 111.; secretary general and
registrar general, A. Howard Clark.
Washington. D. C; treasurer general,
Isaac W. Birdseye, Bridgeport, Conn.;
historian general, George William
Bates. Detroit, Mich.; chaplain gen
eral. Rev. Julius W. Atwood, Colum
bus, Ohio.
HONORING A PROMINENT
MAN OF SAN FRANCISCO
Dr. A. F. Edwards and Dr. J. A.
Sutherland of Nome are among the lat
est arrivals at the Grand.
State Surveyor General Victor H.
W^oods and wife are down from Sacra
mento and are' registered at the Lick.
John McDermott, chief clerk of the
St. Francis Hotel, who has been in
Southern California for two weeks, re
turned yesterday.
Dr. William . Martin, United States
navy (retired), has returned to San
Francisco. He visited London, Paris,
Berlin and. St. Petersburg In his ex
tended journeys abroad.
Judge J. W. McKinley of Los An
geles arrived in the city yesterday from
Chicago and St. Louis and is at the
Palace. " He was chairman of the Cali
fornia delegation to the Republican
National Convention.
Captain John Cross, the well-known
railroad promoter of Los Angeles, is at
the Palace.
R. B. Marshall of the United States
Geological Survey is registered at the
Palace.
Walter Maxwell, the well-known
capitalist of Los Angeles, is at the Pal
ace.
F. Homer, a mining man of Nome, is
at the Lick.
Rev. J. F. Quinn of Sacramento is at
the St. Francis.
W. H. Holabird, a lumberman of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
Congressman J.-C. Needham of Mo
desto is stopping at the Palace.
William Bayley, a mining man of
Los Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
Yesterday morning Jacob Eppinger,
accompanied by his eons, Joe and Mor
ris, appeared in court apparently much
the worse for wear. Instead- of occupy
ing his usual seat behind his attorneys
he took a place near a window which
could be opened for air in case of a
serious collapse. After the roll call of
the jurors. Attorney Ach stepped up
to Judge Lawlor's desk and informed
the court that the defendant "was very
Another delay occurred in the Ep
pinger trial yesterday, owing to the ill
ness of the defendant. The prosecu
tion is Inclined to the opinion that this
illness is only feigned, as the attacks
come at most "convenient periods for
the defense. From time to, time dur
ing the trial the attorneys for Ep
pinger have been protesting against
the long hours in the courtroom, argu
ing that they had not sufficient -time
to read over the transcripts and pre
pare their case. Meanwhile the prose
cution was busily engaged in forging
link after link in the chain of evidence
with which it experts to convict the
bead of 'the once prosperous grain firm.
Last week, when the note, book of
the firm was introduced Jn court, a
new line of inquiry was opened, which,
it was thought, might occupy several
days, but, much to the surprise of all.
Attorney Campbell, special- prosecutor,
rested the cast Friday afternoon.
ill and suggested that an adjournment
be taken. Judge Lawior in reply said
that he was averse to a further, con
tinuance and would like the opinion of
Dr. Gallwey as to tha physical condi
tion of the defendant. The jury was
excused and a message sent, to Dr.
Gallwey, but he was attending a pa
tient in San Mateo and could not re
spond. As It was represented that Ep
pinger was in a serious condition.
Judge Lawior advised that his . own
physician be summoned, making the
proviso that no extended continuance
of the case would be granted until a,
doctor summoned by the court had
given an opinion.
Dr. L. D. Whitney. Eppinger's physi
cian, was called in and after a brief
examination said the patient was suf
fering from a spasm of the heart which
might at any time prove fatal and it
was dangerous to keep him longer in
the close air and under the nerve-try-,
ing conditions of the courtroom. An
adjournment was accordingly allovCed
until 10 o'clock this morning and the
aged defendant, supported by his two
sons, left the courtroom.
Eppinger's attorneys declare that he
is very feeble but that in their anxiety
to finish the trial he stayed up with
piem until midnight on Sunday aiding
them in preparing the defense. This,
they believe, partially accounts for the
collapse of yesterday. |
FORMER HEAD OF A ONCE PROSPEROUS GRAIN FIRM. WHOSE PHYSICIAN •
SATS HE MAY NOT SURVIVE HIS TRIAL, ON THE CHARGE OF OBTAIN
ING MONEY BY FRAUDULENT REPRESENTATIONS. . I
Belle Gordon, a comely young
woman, astounded both audiences at
the Chutes yesterday with her exhibi
tions of bag punching. She manipulat
ed all the way from one to five bags
at once and with the greatest ease.
Brandow and Wiley, the clever colored
couple who made such a hit here a
short time ago, returned and duplicat
ed their former success. . Carl Relter,
the original monologist, told a lot of
new stories and Lotta and Belle Tobin,
instrumentalists, continued their pleas
ing act. The three sisters Kelcey,
singers and dancers, Hershal Stein, the
barytone song Illustrator, and the ani
matoscope, showing the latest novel
ties in moving pictures, completed a
capital pro-gramme. The amateurs will
appear on^ Thursday night.
Chutes.
The row commenced on a car from
the Cliff House, and at Haight and
Stanyan streets there was a general
mix-up, and it is claimed that Henry
Issendorf struck Cusick. According to
Sexton's statement that was the rea
son Cusick and his friends made the
attack upon the Issendorfs at Page and
Lyon streets. ~ -
Percy Sexton, clerk in the Southern
Pacific Company's storekeepingr depart
ment, who was shot by Fred Issendorf
at Page and Lyon streets early yester
day morning:, is in a critical condition
at the Southern Pacific Hospital. As
sistant District Attorney Louis Ferrari
was sent to the hospital yesterday to
take his ante-mortem statement, but he
said he thought he would pull through.
He made a statement in the presence
of Issendorf and witnesses signed It.
The statement is as follows:
I think Fred Issendorf did th» shootlnr- X
am not sure. About 1:30 this morning; down
at th» corner of Lyon and Page, streets, about
twenty-five feet up Lyon. Judas Delcaaao,
James and Harold, his brothers. Frank Cuslclc
and William Harvey went down with th« In
tention of setting- those fellows. I did not
want to go, but they finally sot me to go. I
don't know who the fellows were. W* walked
down and rot off a car and got la a doorway.
Then we all walked up and w» saw Fred von
Issendorf with a gun. I walked up the hill
fifteen or twenty feet and stood there. They
then began to tell him to put In the iroa and
throw rocks, and one of the rocks hit him In
the Jaw. He began to shoot and I got bit. X
could not tell how many shots were fired—
four. I believe. I did not participate In
anything at all. I don't think he knew where
he was shooting: himself. One of those fellows
bad hit one of our boys and we were coins
down to make things even.
Issendorf claimed that he shot In self
defense, as he and his brother Henry
were being pelted with rocks and pieces
of wood. One of the rocks struck him
on the jaw, knocking him down, and
when he appeared in Police Judge Slo
gan's court his face showed the effects
of the blow. He was charged with as
sault to murder and the case was con
tinued till next Monday. His brother
Henry was struck on the mouth with
a piece of scantling and his lips are
cut and swollen. The brothers have a
grocery at Page and Lyon streets.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy and
Policemen McTevitt and Kerrison, who
are working on the case, arrested
James and Harry Delcasso, Frank
Cusick, William Harvey and Eddie Me
Elroy. With the exception of McElroy
they are being detained as witnesses.
McElroy was a friend of the Issendorfs
and was also a target for the rocks and
pieces of ¦ wood, but was not hit. He
was released from custody.
.The board adjourned to meet this
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock as a Board of
Equalization to hear applications for
reduction' of assessments.
Expert Williams filed a report show
ing that the, deficiency in the flre-j'
men's pension amounts to... |3304 43.
There is available the sum of $2272 77
to pay the deficit, besides $394 27 in the
urgent ' necessity fund. ...
The committee f recommended that
the demand of Thomas Price for $150
for analyzing blood stains in the Leon
Soeder murder case be cut in two.
Price said that he had spent thirty
days in . the work, but Supervisor
D'Ancona- believes -the charge to be
excessive.. > v "¦ /
The petition of the' Police Commis
sioners that an ordinance be passed
requiring private detectives to make
application and- obtain from the Po
lice Commissioners a permit as a con
dition precedent to their engaging
in business was referred to the Police
Committee. •
The Finance Committee passed the
demands for the payment of the pre
miums on the official bonds of the
Sheriff, Auditor. Tax Collector,'Treas
urer and County Clerk dating from
July 1.
The. petition of the San Francisco
Railway Company for a franchise to
operate the Geary-street road and a
new cross-town line from'. Bay and
Franklin streets to Bryant and Elev
enth streets was referred to the Pub
lic Utilities Committee.. ..i\
. The petition of J. H. Kruse for per
mission to install an engine and boiler
in a planing mill on Threat avenue was
denied. f.\
PETITION DENIED.
-The Mayor was. authorized to lease
a lot on Twentieth street, near Mis
souri, as a site for a fire engine house.
The Sheriff was authorized ' to em
ploy, an additional van driver at $75
per month.
The Mayor was authorized , to lease
the premises at 451 and 453 Polk street
for a detention station for juvenile
offenders. "
A resolution directing a # compromise
with the San Mateo Railway Company
in the suit to recover $3107 99 in taxes
and penalties, so the company shall pay
$C5S9 99, was referred to. the Finance
Committee. #
The petition of the Concrete Steel
Construction Company that the build
ing ordinance .be amended to permit
the erection of - t concrete steel struc
tures was referred to the Fire Com
mittee.
The proposed ordinance providing
regulations ftfr the sanitary conduct of
dairies was deferred one week with the
consent of the Health Board. A num
ber of dairymen were present to protest
against some of the rules as being too
drastic.
A resolution was referred to the (Fin
ance Committee directing the Tax Col
lector to bring suit against Wells, Far
go & Co. for various delinquent taxes
and penalties, on personal property in
view of the fact that the real estate
of the company is insufficient in' value
to pay the taxes due.
"This in a penal ordinance," said
Brandenstein, "and whenever we. find
that it is being violated we will call
the attention of the District Attorney
and the Chief of Police to the matter."
The committee directed Inspector
Holman to file astatement of the own
ers who have complied with the or
dinance and those who have not..
LAW TO BE ENFORCED.
J. P. Martin, agent of the Sharon es
tate, had been summoned to explain
why no safety device had been attached
to tlie sidewalk elevator at 607 Market
street, where a man had been seriously
injured. Martin said he had received
notice to install the device on June 2,
and the accident had occurred while
he was preparing to comply with the
ordinance." He, had let a contract to
some iron works for the attachments.
While the Supervisors' Finance Com
mittee was investigating yesterday the
complaint of J. G. Smythe that the or
dinance requiring safety devices on
sidewalk elevators was not being com
plied with, R. G. Garter, a plumber,
employed by the Sharon estate, de
clared that he visited the office of the
Board of Works to secure a copy of the
ordinance and that some one whom he
thought was employed Jjy the city
handed him a circular telling of the
merits of a device made by the Griffith
machine shop. Chairman Brandenstein
of the committee thought the charge a
serious one, and directed the sergeant
at-arms to. locate the employe' with
Gaiter's aid. Garter, however, was un
able to identify any of the employes in
the office of the Board of-Works as the
one who had recommended the device,
and so informed the committee. Should
the one. accused be discovered it will
go hard with him.
In the meantime William Hfcgan, as
a member of the firm recognized by
the city as the official undertakers, Is
gathering the city's dead and preparing
the bodies for burial. The barn back
of S620 Nineteenth street is the firm's
headquarters.
¦ I think the law Is plain enough and Rood
enough to handle this matter and I certainly
would not consent to the use of force to pre
vent my own brother frarcn burying the dead,
elthoush I have told him not to use our ground
for that purpose again. If it should come to a
point where the law could not prevent it I
would Just let the matter go. but I think the
proper may to «lo will be to ret an Injunction.
The matter will be talked over In the morning
and we will then decide what to do.
Joseph Hagan says he does not want
any notoriety over the dispute which
has arisen between himself and broth
er, but substantiates all James Hagau
says about the offer to buy out his
brother William and Kelley. Regard
ing the refusal to allow any more
bodies to be buried by the opposition
firm in Sunset Cemetery he says:
It is a Jact that my brother Joe did offer
KeJey $.,00 ti» turn the business over to him
tnd he would have taken William In with him'
r>ut when the matter wa to be talked ever
"William and Kelley said S100O had been u*ed
and they wanted that amount, ily brother
Joe said he would pay that amount provided
the land was all turned over to him, but not
otherwise. Ke'.Iey was putting up all the
money. My brother William did not have any
money. We. are going to have a conference in
the morning — that it. my brother, our attorney
and myeelf — to decide what steps to take. *
JOSEPH WANTS PEACE.
TTflliam Hasan, my brother, and his so
called partner. Kelley. will not be allowed to
bury any of the city paui>ers in our lots, e ven
if force has to be used to step them. We have
a watchman there now ami he will gee to it
tfcat no one is buried in our ground without
an order from us. My brother . William, say*
there is only a one-inch fence . between us.
There is only a one-Inch fence between ' our
Ibik 1 snd the land adjoining, but h? Has n-.t n •'
that land yet. He says he is to get a permit
from the San Mateo Board of Supervisors He
paid the LtiEtrict Attorney of San Mateo County
!-»» to pet hm permit to bury the tndigent
oead cf han Francisco in the lots he says he
fcas bought in the county, but the permit has
cot beea gr»nted yet. even if he did pay $23 to
James Hagan Is waiting to learn
•what his lawyer has to say regarding
the opposition firm's use of land be
longing to himself and his brother
Joseph. He called at the Health Office
yesterday and protested that no per
mits should be issued- to the new firm
on the ground that they had no land
in which to inter the dead. Deputy
Health Officer Levy said he would Is
sue the permits, as the Supervisors
had awarded the contract to Kelley &
Hagan, and they claimed they had a
place of burial. No other complaints
have been received by the Board cf
Health, hence Levy concluded- that
the trouble was a family one and that
he would keep aloof from such a row.
When asked as to the real cause of
the complaint James Ha?an said:
WILL USE FORCE.
Xo complaints have been made by the neigh
bore regarding the holding of bodies here, as
I have not held any aonger than the law
allcws. Until the permit is granted for us
to use the land we bought and have platted
»•<* win bury in the lots adjoining.
We paid ioOO for the lots we have asked
the San Alateo Supervisors to allow us to
use as a burial ground and have had the
ground surveyed and the title examined. That
and the other expenses which we have had
amounts to an investment of $1000. Yes. part
of that was paid as attorney fees to pet the
pwrr.it through the San Mateo Supervisor*
end part of it for general expenses. The per
mit should come from the Supervisors within
the next nine days and then we can bury in
the lots we have bought.
My two brothers are anxious to keep this
matter before the public through the news
p?r*rs so as to prejudice the minds of the
Board of Supervisors of San Mateo County
*nd . ausf- me to fail in getting the permit
to bury the pauper dead In the ground which
I have purchased and have platted as Sunny
vale Cemetery. The facts of the case are that
tar two brother* and David Kelley fixed up
a scheme to put in only one bid to the
Supervisors for the burial of the poor of San
Krancisco and then divide the work. The
price tras to have been S1O for each corpse,
a»Ju:t or child, but we learned of the scheme
and put in our bid for (5 50. which is enough.
VV f have gone to considerable expense in
fitting up a place for the care of bodies and
burial ol San Francisco's poor and 1 intend
to continue my contract wiifc the city. John
Kelley has put up the money with the un
derstanding that I buy him out when I can.
Atvtr we g^ot the contract from the city my
brothers si-nt their lawyer to Kelley and of-
Itred him $50u to turn the contract over to,
them. He refused to do eo and now they
are try«rt«r to set us turned down in San
ilateo County.
William Iiagan was busy yesterday
preparing boxes to receive the dead
bodies of the city's poor. He stopped
long enough in his work to say:
There is still trouble between th»
Hagans, but William has not been ar
rested for placing the pauper dead in
the lots belonging to his brothers,
James and Joseph, in San Mateo Coun
ty. William says his two brothers are
trying to have his contract rescinded
by the Board of Supervisors of San
Francisco because they want the con
tract themselves. The two brothers,
James and Joseph, deny that they
vant to bury the indigent dead of San
Francisco ct 55 50 per corpse, but they
do insist that their brother William
and his partner, Kelley, shall not de
posit the paupers' bodies in their
ground.
On Sunday nisht James Hagan said
he would have his brother William and
William's partner, Kelley, arrested the
first thing Monday morning, but he
faiJed to make good his threat. He
gives as a reason that the lawyer with
v.hom he was to consult did 'not come
to se«» him at the time agreed upon.
This morning at 9 o'clock the matter
is to be taken up and the opinion of
the lawyer expressed as to the rights
in the case.
White Whlttlesey, assisted by the
Alcazar stock company, gave last night
a highly creditable production of
"Hearstease." Whittlesey's Interpre
tation of the role of Eric Temple was
both Intelligent and painstaking and
in his conscientious work throughout
the performance he showed himself the
clever actor that he is. He read his
lines with consummate skill and rose
to the occasion in the impassioned
scenes with which the play abounds.
John B. Maher was well cast as Cap
tain Jack O'Hara and contributed to
the comedy of the play with his
usual ability. The return of Miss Oza
Waldrop in the part of Alice Temple
was the signal for much applause,
showing the appreciation in which the
little actress is held. Nor was that
appreciation misplaced, for she played
with a rare grace that is all her own.
Harry D. Byers was eminently satis
factory as Lord Neville, who Is a king
pin of irascibility, although he amiably
helps to set things right in the last act.
Miss Marie Rawson was not happy in
the character of Miss Neville, albeit
she may improve. Adele Belgard was
admirable as Lady Neville and Luke
Conness was himself as Sir Geoffrey.
Howard Scott gave a delightful Imper
sonation of Peter Padbury and again
demonstrated . his versatile talent in
acting well any part that is assigned to
him. Richard Vivian and Marie Howe
were all that could be. desired in small
parts. Curtain calls were frequent and
Whittlesey's charming little speech
was not the least entertaining part of
the production.
Alcazar.
Percy Sexton, the Wounded
Youth, Is Believed to Be
in Dangerous Condition
One Owner of Sunset Lots
Says Force Will Be Used
to Stop Burials There
Ordinance Regulating the
Conduct of Dairies Is De
* ferred Until Next Monday
CLAIMS SELF-DEFENSE
EOW OVER PAUPER DEAD
ACCUSED NOT LOCATED
Mr. Davis owes much to his inter
preters. It is not easy to imagine him
more deeply in debt to any cast than
the one Mr. Frohman has given to the
play. It is almost Ibsenish in size, by
the way. Miss Barrymore and a half
dozen others sufficing for the present
ment. As charmingly individual as
Maude Adams is the delightful young
woman that heads the cast. She is as
natural, as archly spontaneous, as
quickly humorous, as Maude Adams
herself, and, like all of the Drew fam
ily, John Drew's niece has "manner"—
tons of it. She is beautiful again, in a
lean, willowy, ultra-fashionable fash-
Ion, and is voiced deliciously. But* that
she hardly looks the twenty-nine
years that Cousin Kate owns to, Miss
Barrymore's portrait is all its author
paints" it. In her rare girlishness she
however : fails to suggest sometimes
the experieriWd woman of the world
that is intended, but in the tenderness,
romance, lively humor of the character
Miss Barrymore is charmingly con
vincing. She is at all times a picture,
and her naive, gracefully awkward
bows at the curtain call a*re alone
worth going to see. Altogether, this,
youngest member of the Drew family is
found an admirably accomplished
actress and a young woman of an ex
quisite individual charm.
Miss Barrymore's support is of the
best. As the lover Bruce McCrea is
picturesquely and emotionally satisfy
ing. ' He has the impulsive accent that
makes his "chutlng" into love emi
nently plausible and a virile, romantic
note that fills in the rest of the char
acter with entire . conviction. His
brogue is most ingratiating. Cousin
Amy is made a dainty and priggish
little -perst-n, a. mouthpiece of other
people's opinions, with careful stupid-'
ity, by Beatrice Agnew. The concep
tion could not be bettered. Grant
Stewart as the' curate who takes charge
of. the family conscience is excellent
and Fanny Addisoh Pitt is drolly clever
as the" weak little motner of Amy.
There is a small son of somebody who
should not be forgotten," Augustin D.'
Wilks. "Gus" is all right. " He as
sumes the role of Amy's schoolboy
brother and you feel like throwing
him— a bag of peanuts for itl" He's a
real,; truly »boy. ,
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
"Cousin Kate" is for the purposes of
amusement only. The author poses
no ' problem, . preaches no gospel.
Cousin Kate is a charming young
woman novelist who falls in love at
first sight with her cousin's fiance.
The attraction is mutual." She meets
the gentleman on the train that takes
her to her cousin's house for the wed
ding, and unaware of each • other's
identity they recognize themselves as
twin souls. It is very sudden, but Mr.
Davies makes the contingency suffi
ciently plausible for the purposes of
comedy, and is admirably assisted
therein by the. actors. f How Cousin
Amy, the young woman who is the
original owner of Cousin Kate's affin
ity, is provided for and the happiness
of all attained need not be related.
It is worth the price to find out. Very
wittily, lightly, Mr. Davies has handled
his dialogue, and his situations are
"charmingly unhackneyed. Few pret
tier scenes will be remembered than
the one between Cousin Kate and her
would-be lover, where they take tea
together — still unconscious of each
other's identity— and weave nursery
stories about the fire in the man's
home.
Out of the theatrical wrack and ruin
of last season in New York only a few
plays survived. "Cousin Kate," pre
sented last night at the Columbia for
the first time here, was one of them.
Small wonder! It. would be difficult to
imagine so severely disastrous season
as that in which this pretty trifle could
not float gayly to success. ; It is of com
edy the airiest, gay, fanciful and poetic,
running lightly through a charming
story to a too early ending. Again, it
is deliciously acted by Miss Ethel Bar
rymore and her associates, and San
Francisco— all "of its bluebook folk that
are at^iome, that is— saw fit last night
to indorse New York's verdict. '
And I doubt if patriotism- had any-:
thing to do with the matter— or re
morse. Both sentiments were very
properly in order. Hubert Henry Da
vies, author of the comedy, was one of
our local prophets that found no honor
in his N>wn country. Even New York
would have none of him — until London
persuaded. Now the erstwhile critic of
the News Letter is sending_his made
in-London comedies to his old stamp
ing ground and conquering with a
"Cousin Kate." and, like Oliver Twist,
one asks for more.
while George Webster, as a tramp
printer with a heap -of useful knowl
edge; Julia Blanc, as the proprietor of
a village boarding house, and Edna
Ellsmere, in a fine ingenue role, com
pleted an excellent cast. A crowded
house showed that it enjoyed the play.
R. G> -Garter Charges Attempt
to Influence Him to Use
Sidewalk Safety Device
Fred Issendorf Uses Eevol
ver After Being Struck
on the Jaw With a Eock
William Hagan Declares His
Brothers Are Trying to
Have Contract Eesciiided
Trial 'Again Delayed, the Defendant, After Late Session
With His Attorneys, Being Unable to Remain in Court.
Physician Says Aged Grain Broker Is a Very Sick-A/hn.
Bright Comedy Presented With Delightful Snap by Young
est and One of the Cleve*£st Membecs of Drew Family.
Local Society Indorses Nrw York Theater-Goers' Verdict
UNDERTAKERS
STILL AT WAR
CITY EMPLOYE
IS UNDER FIRE
SAYS SHOOTING
WAS JUSTIFIED
MISS BARRYMORE CHARMS
IN DAVIES "COUSIN KATE"
DEATH MAY TERMINATE
EPPINGER PROSECUTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 1004
16
. • . . NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEWBRO'S HERPICID&
> ThoO«aiNALren»e4ytli«t t 'IUJla thaDaadrottOenn." '
TUtf WIT D DFf* ITiU* U A mi* lcM * ro * k « ">'» "*i«y" such a pleasure thai me
1 Mil- ri&KriUUI& HABIT "Herpklde HaCir I. usually fenced. A htlr-
/• _*_. . • ***** tlut *""»* to Popularity. Delights the
Careful people now consider It • duty to axe a ladles by keeplnr the hair light and fluffy and by
scalp prophylaflt. as It Insures cleanliness and fivtnz It a silken gtoss. Cures dandruff, stops
freedom from dandruff microbes. The retrashiar Kilter hair. Gives satisfaction and excites a4-
quality and exquisite fraera&ce of Newbro's Harp- miration. Stops Itchlnc instantly .
OOINCy! O-OT4GU &ON& !!!
CEVICIDE Wtti UVE IT. ¦KtnCiKtUUff IT. TMUTEFMKSnaK.
OW Staru/sim " Sm^I^^ /