Continued on Paze 4, Column 6.
Alton Brooks Parker, Democratic Nominee for President.
Continued on Pase 5. Column 1-
A little boy was lifted upon the shoul
ders of one. of the Texas delegates and
the flag .waved ' by his small hands
brought out much enthusiasm.
Maryland, rushing back to her place
in the delegates seats, grabbed the pole
with her State name upon it and then
placed the pole higher than any other
in thfe line , of march. The cue was
immediately seized wherever possible
by other delegations and • the tramp
around the hall continued, the march
ers finally passing out from the dele
gates' seats in among those occupied
by the , visitors.
After the excitement' had . continued
SCENES OF ENTHUSIASM.
Florida, after a few seconds of wild
yelling, started around the hall, its
men screaming frantically and tossing
high a silken banner Inscribed, "Flor
ida, Safe and Sound."
Indian Territory, New Jersey, Mary
land. Texas, Georgia and many other
States fell in behind. Michigan came
next and her great blue banner, was
borne up the steps of the platform be
hind the chairman's desk, where it
was held high and waved wildly to and
fro.
laughter, few points being lost on his
audience. .
A terrific outburst of cheering fol
lowed Littleton's remark about Judge
Parker:
"If you ask why he has been silent
I answer because he has not attempted
to be the master of his party, but is
content to be Its servant."
All that had happened In the conven
tion up to the time Littleton had con
cluded his address multiplied many
times was almost as nothing compared
to the hurricane that broke out when
he mentioned the name of "Alton B.
Parker," on the part of the delegates.
It was a revelation in politics. Like
one man they sprang up in their chairs
with everything that could be waved
tossed high in the air.
A'shouter.who had started a disturb
ance was escorted from the hall by an
officer.
Senator Carmack concluded his
speech at 10:15.
The r galleries . seized . the opportunity
for a shout and disturbance reigned for
some * time ¦ ' t while Chairman Clark
pounded with his gavel' for order.
DELMAS NAMES HEARST.
. "Arkansas yields to Tennessee," an
swered the chairman of the delega
tions Senator Carmack of that State
was recognized and at once took the
platform and began speaking, second
ing the nomination of Judge Parker.
Senator Carmack had spoken but a
few, words when "Hurrah for Hearst"
was . hurled at him from the balcony,
the remark- being greeted by cheers
and some hisses. A few other calls of
a like character were made by people
in the , galleries ,but the great ; body . of
the convention disapproved. ¦ Senator
Carmack's voice did not fill the hall to
the satisfaction of the galleries and he
was, interrupted repeatedly by. cries of
"Louder." It became apparent that
much of the disturbance was .caused
by ' partisan enthusiasm in the galler
ies. ;'•¦-¦ . : -y:;V rr:;..^;,:'"'
"We won't go home until morning,"
played the band, and when the air was
concluded quiet was once more re
stored.
"Arkansas," shouted the clerk.
of the delegation, keeping time with
waving flags.
The Parker picture was carried from
the platform and placed near New
York's position in the hall. It was
soon taken down, but just the Instant it
was lowered the California delegation
displayed a Hearst picture only for an
instant, but it was long enough for
his following among the delegates to
catch sight of it, and a ringing shout
went up. It kindled again the dying
demonstration for Parker. t
about twelve minutes there was a ppr
ceptible abatement and the , band
struck up "America," thousands of
voices Joining in the song. The lull
speedily passed away, for the band
struck up "Dixie" and this was oil on
a fire already fiercely blazing. With
a spasmodic yell the applause started
all over, again. During the noise the
band played and a huge bust picture of
Parker was carried up the center aisle.
Just as lit reached the. platform two
young ladles of St. Louis, dressed ,in
white and carrying mammoth bouquets
of roses and ferns, were assisted to the
presiding officer's table, and the huge
portrait was held for a moment be
tween them, face to the delegates, and
the State banners which had formed
the procession were, held aloft r and
massed around it. Rhythmic shouts of
"Parker, . Packer," "Alton B. Parker,'*
were started and caught up.
At the end of eighteen, minutes the
demonstration began to subside. The
Parker portrait was.then taken" to. the
platform and turned toward the audi
ence. At the. expiration of twenty-two
minutes efforts were made to still the
demonstration. A megaphone about ,the
platform was : begun for "Parker,
Parker," : however, and things ' broke
loose again. The , demonstration lasted
twenty-five .minutes.
. Throughout the enthusiasm ,the Ne
braska delegation. Bryan at its head!
sat,' the: members craning - their heads
to see what was going on,, but without
rising. :; -..,-,.
When , the demonstration was at its
height Bryan sent a' r message* to somo
one in the < other : part of the "hall and
soon he was in conference -with several
anti-Parker men.. ¦ ¦' -. ' ' ; -
BOYS LEAD THE* CHEERING.
, Commandlhgthe highest view of any
one on the' floor: of "the -hall, were five
boys, in the New, York delegation 1 who
.were lifted! on'their fathers'; shoulders,
and from f that 1 height- led 'the cheering
! Chairman Clark, at which order wa»
| demanded, but ineffectually.
Disturbances resulting from cries for
| order from various portions of the hall
i exhausted the patience of Chairman
| Clark, and he gave personal directions
to have several persons quieted or put
out. Senator Daniel, however, refused
to be disturbed. He proceeded with the
reading of the platform regardless of.
the fact that not one soul in the hall
j except perhaps the stenographer, who
stood at the steps just beneath him,
heard a word. When it was observed
that he had ceased reading the conven
j tion broke into cheering. Senator Dan-
I !el said:
"I am unanimously instructed by
your committee on platform to move
the previous question on Its adoption,
and I now make that motion."
PLATFORM IS ADOPTED.
It was adopted by a viva voce vote,
two or three delegates voting in the
negative, and they apparently In a
spirit of fun. Chairman Clark then
put the motion to adopt the report, and
a viva voce vote carried it.
Temporary Chairman Williams then
mounted the steps leading up to the
platform, » swung his hat around his
head and the delegates, following his
lead, roared their applause again and
again, while the band played "Hail
Columbia."
"The clerk will now call the roll of
States for the nomination of a candi
date for President." shouted the chair
man. A wild cry of delight came from
! the galleries, who seemed to think th*
j whole thipg a show run for their enter
tainment.
"Alabama," shrieked the clerk.
"Alabama yields to the Empire State
of New York," called Delegate Russell
of Alabama, standing In his chair, one
arm grasping the standard of his State.
Martin W. Littleton of Nev York
stood upon the stand amid applause to
place Judge Parker of New York in
nomination. Littleton's manner of
speaking is calm and deliberate, and he
used beautiful gestures. His voice is
full, resonant and of decidedly pleasing
quality, and could be heard farther
than that of any speaker who had pre
ceded him.
IJTTLETOX PRAISES PARKER.
Littleton was given close attention.
For the first time during -the session
there was silence in the hall, and his
f:ne voice suppreesed the fiend in the
gallery with the cry of "louder." His
speech was received with alternate
cheers and outbursts of approval 'and
A great hum of conversation and
noise of shuffling feet and scraping of
chairs mingled to drown the Virgin
ian's voice. Powerful as it is, he couW
not be heard ten rows of seats from the
stand on which he stood.
DANIEL HEADS PLATFORM.
An Ohio delegate mounted his chair
and after repeatedly addressing the
chairman in a loud manner demanded
order.
"Ail right; sit down and keep still
and we will have order," retorted
Clark. Then, turning to the clerk, he
directed again that the aisles be
cleared. Senator Daniel's exhaustion
from his long session with the resolu
tions committee was apparent. To the
vast audience which faced him he was
but a silent figure with moVing lips.
• Ten minutes went by with the same
disorder, the reading of the platform
not being heard, when another inter
ruption was made at the instance of
CONVENTION HALL, St. Louis.
July S.— The crush of visitors around
the doors and inside the convention
hall at 8 o'clock, the time set for the
opening of the convention, was greater
than that at ar,y previous session. It
was something r»r*!y paralleled at any
rational convention. Extras had spread
the news over town that a nomination
¦*as to be expected to-night, and the
crowd was greater than at any pre
vious session. At two or three en
trances the pressure on the doorkeepers
ar.d police.-r.en was so great that the
Iir.es were broken and many persons
without tickets forced their way into
the ball.
It is doubtful if ever before in any
large gathering in the United States,
were the rules governing admission to
a large convention so utterly ignored.
The doors were practically thrown open
to the public. In the gallery there was
rot an unoccupied inch cf standing: or
sitting room. The passageways under
the building were completely choked by
a pushing, struggling mass, with which
the sergeant-at-arms and police were
utterly unable to cope. Several thou
sand people wer* packed beneath the
•main floor, vainly trying to gain ad
mission to the auditorium. The con
.''^¦12 h«-x-c was highly <Jangrerou3 in
itself, but still the crowd poured
through tho entrances and still no ef
fort was made to keep it bade
It was a crowd that, judging from
prevaiHaz symptoms, came with the
fall intention of participating in th«»
proceedings, fcr cheers, applause and
comment were forthcoming upon every
c-casiorr.
The first reception of the evening was
piven to Senator Hill of New York.
who rr.ade his first appearance in the
hall.
HILL IS GIVEN" A RECEPTION*.
General Nelson A. Miles was also
present for the first time.
At S o'clock there was not a vacant
Beat in the vast auditorium. From
platform to topmost gallery tvas packed
with delegates, alternates and specta
tors The heat was already Intense.
On the outsi<3" the crowd was even
jri cater than within the Coliseum. So
Jar as the interest of the masses was
concerned the night's session was what
all strove to witness. Tickets sold so
' cheaply that they were within the
mr-ans o* all. Tho only trouble was
that the cheapest tickets were for ses
clonR gone by, and the buyer took his
own chances on getting by the door
ter^crs. Many of the bogus ticket
holdera got in and others less fortunate
blocked the entrances. The streets on
the four sides of the Colisetim were im
passable. Street cars get through with
difficulty and with danger to humani
ty. The police endeavored without ef
fect to keep the passageways citar.
Nothing, however, affected the mob, for
it was known that hundreds passed
through the doors who had r.o right to
cr.ter and that served to work the
throng into a frenzy. Long after the
hall was filled _the crowd pressed
u gainst the entrances, loth to give up
:he chance of getting In.
Frequently half a dozen people would
be allowed to enter on a single ticket. >
No attempt was rr.ade in many in-
Ftanccs to restrict the crowd in any
v/ay, and by the time the chairman
called the convention to order the hall
was filled to the danger line and be
yond.
CALLS CONTENTION' TO ORDER.
A series of energetic thumps upon
the presiding officer's table were given
by Chairman Clark at S:03 o'clock In
an endeavor to call the convention to
order. The reading clerk ordered the
floor oSlcers to clear the aisles. As
Clark stood at the desk Senator Dan
iel of Virginia, chairman of the reso
lutions committee, made his way to his
ride with a copy of the piatform in his
band.
Without delay it was announced that i
i he report of tho committee would be
i<-e<?i\'ed.
, ; At tbe statement the convention
relied the opportunity to express its
eatisfaction at the unanimous report.
A great cry went up. A great many
delegates Jumped to their feet and the
fiztst demonstration of the night session
c-ccuned.
Bc-comJmr impatient at the delay.
Eer.ator Daniel began his announce
ment in the midst of the uproar.
"I run instructed to make to this con
vention," he began, "this unanimous
report on resolutions.**
The Senator's persistence had the de
sired effect, although it was several
minutes K-forc the convention com*
posed it stir, and warning hud to be
riven by the reader tliat order must
Le preserved. Cried of "Louder" were
repeatedly made as Senator Daniel pro
ceeded, for his voice seamed Inadequate
to the hall. - >^^_
Opposition Fights Desperately, but
When Resources Are Ex
hausted They Encoun
ter Defeat.
FRIENDS OF NOMINEE
MAKE GOOD IN BALLOT
CLAIMS OF STRENGTH
ST. LOUIS, July 9.*~Judge Jllton B. Parker was nominated for President by the Democrats at 5:37 this morning. One
ballot was taken. The nomination was made unanimous at 5:45 amidst the cheering of the delegates.
PARKER,
AFTER ALL NIGHT SESSION OF CONVENTION,
NOMINATED AT DAWN ON THE FIRST BALLOT
Gems of Marquis of Angelsry Are
Found to Be Worth $200,000
Instead of $850,000.
LONDON. July 8. — The Jewels of
the Marquis of Angelsry, one of the
chief assets relied upon by his many
creditors, have been discovered, it is
said, to be made mainly of paste. They
are now found to be worth 5200,«00,
not 1850,000. . _
JEWELS OF NOBLEMAN
ARE PRINCIPALLY PASTE
mounted two chairs in the California
delegation and waved a flag to and fro.
while a much leaner and somewhat
taller delegate beside him tossed a blua
banner up and down to the accompani
ment of three cheers for Hearst, which
were loyally echoed by the men of bis
State.
The band, nothing if. not Impartial.
played for Hearst "America" and fol
lowed it with "Dixie," as It had done
for Parker, and the result was the
same, with the exception that the
Hearst people did not attempt to sing.
COOL HIS ENTUrSIAM.
A red-headed enthusiast in a gray
suit was lifted up on the shoulders of
several men to the left of the speak
ers' platform nad cheered wildly for
Hearst, but he was soon compelled to
climb down, for his bright-colored hair
was too conspicuous a target for the
multitude of paper wads that came at
him from all sides. Water was thrown
on him, and in a few minutes lie
scrambled desperately for release.
When he reached the floor he re
marked. That water felt good." He
declined to give his name.
A second gentleman with red whisk
ers mounted a chair and attempted a
speech. He. too, was pelted down and
a policeman took him to the outer
, darkness.
Meantime the demonstration for the
editor candidate went on, rising and
falling In degrees. The band played
and the delegates, carrying Hearst
pictures and flags and State standards,
kept up their perspiring march through
the aisles. S£S
A picture of Hearst swung from the
gallery opposite the speakers' stand
was the signal for a renewal of the
cheering, and it waved to and fro
in heavy volume as the picture was
waved frantically- by a fat man. Again
and again Hearst men marched around
"California." called the clerk.
"Mr. Chairman," responded Delegate
Tarpey, "California recognizes as her
spokesman D. M. Delmas."
"I recognize D. M. Delmas of Cali
fornia," said the chairman and a vol
ley of cheers came from the audience,
Bryan leading it by standing up and
waving a small American flag.
Delmas, who took the platform to
speak for Hearst, while not possessed
of a voice of a strong carrying quality,
could easily make himself heard by
the majority of the people in the hall.
Of greater age than Littleton he Is not
unlike him in figure, possessing a
strong, compact form, bordering some
what on the corpulent.
He spoke calmly and enunciated
clearly. His mention of the "gentle
man from Nebraska" called forth an
enthusiastic tribute.
Delmas' address, which closed with
the name "William Randolph Hearst, "
was the signal for cheers which, while
enthusiastic, were much less in volume
than those that followed the mention
of Parker's name.
A six-foot portrait of Hearst was
taken to the platform, another of simi
lar size was raised In the gallery back
of the platform and numerous smaller
portraits were shown on long poles
raised from among the delegations.
CALIFORNTANS IiEAD PARADE.
The parade around the hall which
had been carried on during the preced
ing demonstration was quickly under
taken, California 'leading off with its
great banner of white and gold, Ari
zona, Nevada, Iowa, South Dakota,
Washington and Wyoming joining in
the order named, some of them carry
ing pictures of Hearst. The banner of
the Illinois delegation was carried Into
the line but the majority of that dele
gation did not follow it. v At first but
few of them arose and only a fraction
of those followed their flag in the
march.
The galleries joined lustily in the
Hearst applause, making possibly a
stronger demonstration than they had
made for Parker.
'-: In marching around the hall many
of the Hearst enthusiasts stopped to
shake hands with Bryan, who remain
ed standing during the early part of
the demonstration. After a severe fit
of coughing, however, Bryan took his
seat-
Joseph Simmons of California, the
largest man in the convention, slipped
off his coat and vest and with his col
lar'wilted and his shirt bosom sticky.
Temporary Chairman Williams soon
came down the aisle, chewing leisure
ly at that ever-present cigar and was
greeted with cheers.
The band was requested to play
"On the Banks of the Wabash," and
the Indiana delegation showed its ap
preciation by climbing on chairs and
cheering lustily.
The messenger Chairman Clark
had sent to the committee on resolu
tions returned with a gloomy report
After the committee had been dis
patched to await the pleasure of the
resolutions committee the band gave a
concert of patriotic selections. Bourke
Cockran was called on to address the
convention, but he was not present.
Former Senator Charles A. Towne was
next invited to take the platform, but
declined. Captain Richmond P. Hob
son was the next choice, and he was
enthusiastically cheered. He spoke
principally in relation to the disfran
chisetnent plank of the Republican
platform and made an appeal to the
North and West to support the South
in the Dositlon the Democratic party
of that section has assumed between
whites and blacks.
Chairman Clark arrived at 10:10
o'clock. Twenty minutes after the del
egates were in their seats no word had
been received from the resolutions com
mittee, and Chairman Clark dispatched
a messenger to learn when it would be
ready to report. Private advices were
to the effect that it would be several
hours before the report could be pre
sented, and the prospects for a short
session grew stronger. One of the sec
retaries called through a megaphone,
"The band will please play 'Home,
Sweet Home.'-" There was a wild cheer
from the weary spectators as the fa
miliar strains floated out on the air.
Anything with the word "home"
seemed to please greatly, for the cheers
were repeated a few minutes later,
when "My Old Kentucky Home" was
rendered. "Dixie" called forth the in
evitable yells, and the Texas delega
tion added to the enthusiasm by un
furling their lone star flag and waving
It wildly.
The convention then took a recess
until 8 o'clock. Chairman Clark had
the convention in' hand from the mo
ment proceedings opened. He an
nounced through a strong-voiced as
sistant "that the first person raising a
row would be thrown out by the po
lice."
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— The Democratic
National Convention spent the morning
hours to-day in waiting for the report
of the committee on resolutions. A
committee was appointed by Chairman
Clark to call on the resolutions com
mittee and learn when the platform
would be submitted to the convention.
Just before the noon hour the conven
tion's emissaries announced that the
resolutions committee would . require
until 8 o'clock to-night to prepare its
report, but that the action of the com
mittee would be unanimous and a plat
form submitted which he declared
would bring the party a "glorious vic
tory."
Captain Richmond P. Hobson of
Merrimac Fame Proves Pos
sessor of Extremely Pow
erful Voice.
DEMOCRATS SPEND ALL
THE MORNING WAITING
REPORT OF COMMITTEE
Alcazar— "One SmMn'i Say. 1 *
Katinee To-Day.
Central— "Wedded and Parted."
Matinee To-Day.
Chutes— Vaudeville. Matinee To-
Say.
Fiscber's — "A Luciy Stone."
Grand — "Barbara Frietchle."
Matinee To-Day.
Orpbenm — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli — "Bobta Hood." Matinee
To-Day. ;;¦;/ ' :
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME . XCVI— XO. 39.
rcrecast mode it Sts. Fran
clsco for thirty iours cnaia*
mldaUrht. July 9:
San rra^dcco *ad vicinity—
Cloudy Eatcrity; fresh west
erly Trtad.
G. X- "WTXT^SOIT.
Local Forecaster.
The San Francisco Callit would be unwise to insist upon the
income tax plank.
Senator Bailey then asked unani
mous consent to have both the income
tax amendment and the gold standard
plank dropped, but to this Hill ob
jected and there was a prolonged dis
cussion, Hill taking a leading part in
it.
Hill began by saying that he was in
this campaign not from personal mo
tives, but because of his loyalty and
enthusiasm for the Democratic party.
' He hoped the party would cease its
discussion and agree upon a platform
in harmony with the views of the
party generally.
He was opposed to the' insertion of
an income tax plank, because he saw
no necessity for making this new is
sue.
"I believe," he said, "it will hurt
us, it will weaken our platform, but if
the members of this committee think
otherwise it should go in, but the
question of the gold standard is of far
more importance."
Hill urged that if the gold plank
were omitted the party would be
placed in a false position. If the party
was in favor of the free and unlimited
coinage of silver, that was another
thing. But through no fault of the
party conditions had changed and it
had been proven that the gold stand
ard was the solution of the question.
Although the Republican platform de
clared in favor of gold he pointed out
that the Democrats, in their platform,
could show that the Republicans wen*
rot responsible for the change in con
iitions which made the gold standard
desirable, but the Almighty himself.
HILL GROWS ELOQUENT.
Speaking directly to the Southern
members. Hill recalled the time of re
i construction and said he had always
I worked for Democratic principles
! along Democratic lines, that he had
been the friend of the South in that
trying period and since that time. Hill
talked eloquently of the personality
of Judge Parker. He said that in the
course of a conversation about ten
days ago with the New York jurist
the latter said in reply to a question
about the kind of platform the Dem
ocrats should adopt: "I am entirely
willing: to leave that to the wisdom of
the Democratic party."
But while Hill did not assume at
any time to speak for Judge Parker,
the committee interpreted the infer
ence of his speech to be that Judge
Parker favored the insertion of a gold
plank.
Hill declared that the Democrats
could not possibly nominate a better
man that Judge Parker. He was in
no sense an active candidate for the
nomination, and that he had not dic
tated anything regarding the plat
form.
"I do not think it is improper for
us to say who we want to win," con
tinued Hill. "We have stood defeats
in the past and we can stand them
again, it is true. This contest for me
means that I shall devote myself from
now until November to the campaign.
I shall work hard for whomsoever the
Democrats nominate, but I think the
platform is of the greatest importance
and especially the gold standard
plank."
Hill was applauded at the conclu
sion of his 8Deech.
Bryan replied at length and insist
ed that, in the face of past declara
tions, a gold plank would now alien
ate many thousands of Democratic
voters. He said that when the cam
paign for Judge Parker was started it
was never exnected that the Demo
cratic party was to be brought to a
declaration for the gold standard.
Thomas of Colorado also made a
strong protest against the gold stand
ard plank.
Senator Carmack of Tennessee
made a plea especially for the South
and said that Democratic success was
necessary in the face of the Repub
lican policy of imperialism. He hoped
some agreement, 'could be reached
which would bring to the support of
the Democratic South the Democratic
party of the East. It* to the money
question, that was for the time set
tled, and he urged that that matter
be not injected into the coming cam
paign.
Shiveley of Indiana followed much
in the same line as Carmack.
Fleming of Wisconsin was opposed
to the gold plank and favored the dec
laration of Williams' platform.
DANIEL ATTACKS BRYAN.
Shortly before 4 o'clock Senator Dan
iel created a sensation by an attack
upon Bryan, which soon evoked cries
for order. Senator Daniel, who some
time before called Senator Tillman to
the chair, began by saying he ques
tioned the propriety of a man whom the
j Democrats had twice honored with the
j Presidential nomination and under
whose leadership the party had twice
been defeated attempting to force his
leadership upon the party again. Grow
ing more impassioned, Daniel said:
"The silver question was a question
in Virginia ten years before the gen
tleman from Nebraska discovered it;
but conditions have changed, and heroic
changes demand heroic remedies. We
must consider New England, New York
and that section of the country."
Then, facing Bryan," Senator Daniel
said : "He has reviled every man whom
any State has recommended for the
Presidency, and so far as I have been
able to learn has yet presented no can
didate of his own."
At this point Senator Daniel was in
terrupted with cries of order. (
Bryan asked that Senator Daniel be
Bryan Gains Several Points During Con
troversy and Succeeds in Having
Gold Plank Withdrawn
Completely.
RESULT A COMPROMISE
ACCEPTABLE TO ALL AND u
ADOPTED UNANIMOUSLY
I Bryan said that if his desired amend-
I ment to the trust plank should be
adopted he would not press the plank
favoring the Imposition of an income
tax. Senator Tillman. noting a smile
upon the faces of both Bryan and Hill,
remarked to Bryan that "since you and
Hill seem to have become so chummy.
I think we had better look further into
the trust plank."
WILL NOW OPPOSE BRYAN.
Dlscupslon of it thereupon was re
sumed, and Frank J. Cannon of Utah
took the floor.
"I fought for Bryan in 1S96 and 1900,**
he said, "on the paramount issues of
those campaigns, but now that he has
abandoned those issues I will vote
| against this proposition which he seems
I to want most."
I Cannon in conclusion contended that
the paramount issue in this campaign
was "victory," and that the issue
shoulJ be "Rooseveltism."
Bryan defended his position on the
trust question, saying that "victory"
alone should not essentially be the para
mount issue, and that unless a ques
tion was settled right it was never set
tled at all. Senator Daniel called Shive
ley to the chair and made a speech
supporting the principles of anti-trust
legislation. He took the position, how
ever, that if enforced the existing in
terstate commerce law and anti-trust
I statutes are sufficient, and he believed
a Democratic administration could be
pended on to enforce them. Hence
he considered it safe to omit the pro
posed plank.
i The committee resumed consideration
of the financial question on the basis
of the following plank, introduced by
Carmack:
"The Secretary of the Treasury shall
not melt the silver dollars that are now
legal tender and convert them into sub
sidiary coin, thus reducing the volume
of currency so fortunately increased by
the recent remarkable increase of the
gold production."
The Carmack suggestion for a finan
cial plank was voted down, and the
platform was adopted without a finan
cial plank.
Although the various planks had all
been agreed upon, there had been such
a number of changes made in the draft
of the document as presented by the
sub-committee as to render it impossi
ble to make a satisfactory report to the
convention before night.
As the /members emerged from the
chamber they generally expressed
themselves as satisfied with the work
they had accomplished, some of the ex
pressions heard being as follows:
SOME CRITICISMS.
Senator Daniel— "The platform was
unanimously adopted and Is reasonably
satisfactory."
Senator Tillman — "We have accom
plished a miracle; we have succeeded
in getting a platform without any poi
soning."
Bryan — "I am fairly well satisfied
with the platform. I have had oppor
tunity to-.present some matters as I
desired, and have had to make conces
sions in some instances in order to get
what I wanted in others."
"Will you support a ticket on this
platform?" was asked of him.
"I will certainly support the plat
form," was his reply, and this was said
In a way to convince his interrogator
that he fullyexpected to be able to sup
port both platform and ticket.
Ex-Senator Pettigrew — "We have pre
pared a treatise rather than a platform
and have succeeded in producing a
large volume without saying anything."
Senator Hill and Bryan came out to
gether and both were smiling. Bryan
said to the newspaper men:
"Now, boys, be sure and get Hills
platform right," and Hill retorted with
a laugh, "Think we %ill have to share
honors on that."
Bryan said: "We are satisfied. We
have all wanted some things put in
that the committee has rejected. But.
on the whole, the document is perfectly
satisfactory. You know, we can't get
everything we want."
Senator Hill said: "I am perfectly
satisfied. Of course, there are things
that I wanted in and thought should go
in, but politics is give and take, and
I am taking. I should have liked to
have seen an expression on finances In
the platform, but the majority thought
otherwise, and neither Bryan's plank
nor' mine was adopted. You will re
member that the New York State Con
vention made no mention of the finan
cial question, and so this platform is
similar. We did not put in an income
tax plank, and we changed only slight
ly the tariff plank."
"Will Ju3gi Parker stand on tho
platform?*
"I do not see why not. I am said to
be 'his friend,' " he answered smiling,
"and I am satisfied."
AUGUST BEL1IONT SATISFIED.
August Belmont said he was satisfied
that the platform was one on which
Judge Parker could stand. He said: "1
have always been quiteXwHHng to have
a platform without any financial plank
In it. I believe the people have finally
settled the matter, and It is superfluous
for any party to merely reiterate."
Governor Thomas of Colorado said:
"I succeeded in securing tha incorpora
tion of the greater part of my labor
declaration, and. on the whole, I am
satisfied with the platform."
John Sharp Williams, who made the
original draft "ol the platform, said: "I
am delighted with it."
The anti-Parker people were jubilant
over the matter when, they heard of the
disposition of the financial plank.
allowed to proceed, and the latter re
sumed. Continuing the Senator said:
"I am convinced that the country is
on the verge of a great calamity. This
is not the time for selfish interest, for
small conceptions of consistency, for
personal likes or regards."
Senator Daniel favored the gold
plank.
Poe of Maryland made a brief but
vigorous appeal for the gold plank, de
claring that if the party in Its platform
refused to recognize an existing fact he
feared that Maryland would be lost to
the Democrats. He pointed out that the
gold plank recommended by the sub
committee was one which the silver
and gold elements in the party could
easily stand upon. He said that this
plank did not call on the free silver ;
advocates to retract or repudiate their
former beliefs.
GOLD PLANK STRICKEN OUT.
"It is simply," he said, "a recognition
of an existing fact." Poe declared the
Democratic ticket would have a forlorn
hope if the plank were omitted.
After several other members had been
heard briefly the question was demand
ed. The gold plank was stricken out
by a vot of 35 to 15.
Early in the night Bryan had with
drawn temporarily his income tax reso
lution. At this Juncture an attempt
was made to secure a recess, but it was
unsuccessful, Senator Tillman remark- 1
ing that "it was sun-up and we might I
as well go ahead."
Bryan got the floor soon after the
adoption of the motion striking out the
gold plank and informally presented for |
the individual consideration of the
members a financial plank, which it is
his intention later to present as a sub
stitute for the gold plank.
The Panama canal plank brought
out severe criticism from Senator Petti
grew. He said that the canal could not
be, built in ten years, and when com
pleted it would be valueless. The
plank was modified so as to promise to
do what could be done when the Dem
ocrats got control of the Government.
The comhnittee took up the trust
plank. This was the subject of consid
erable discussion, Senator Bailey be
ing among the more important speak
ers in defense of the sub-committee'3
report.
Bryan offered an amendment to this
plank declaring in specific terms for
the prosecution of the trusts, and re
citing the manner in which it should
be done. This was voted in by 23 to
20.
The majority of the votes came from
Iowa, Minnesota, South Dakota, Ne
braska, Wyoming, the Territories, Por
to Rico and Hawaii, while the negative
votes were from the East and South.
Severe comments were made by a
number of representatives from these
States to the effect that radical amend
ments were being forced into the plat
form by men from Republican States
and Territories which could not con
tribute a single electoral vote to the
Democratic candidate. Pettigrew of
•fered an amendment providing for the
Government ownership of railroads
and telegraphs.
"Oh, that's silly," said Senator Hill.
The amendment was voted down and
Pettigrew remarked: "The gentleman
from New York called the amendment
silly, but he put ti plank in the plat
form two years ago not only for the
Government ownership of the coal
carrying railroads, but for the coal
mines as well. And the ticket got a
larger majority in New York City
than was ever before given a Demo
cratic candidate."
NO MENTION OF NAVY.
Reciprocity and the Monroe doc
trine as handled by the sub-committee
met the approval of the full commit
tee. But not so with the navy plank,
calling for a liberal annual increase
of the navy.
Senator Tillman said this plank
would gain no votes and there was no
necessity of jnentioning the navy.
The first part of the navy plank was
stricken out.
The plank proposed by ex-Governor
Thomas of Colorado regarding labor
was adopted by the committee.
The committee after a lengthy de
bate adopted the plank relating to sep
arate statehood, offered by Delegate
W. F. Timmons of Arizona with re
spect to Arizona and New Mexico, as
follows:
"We favor the immediate admission
of the Territories of Arizona and New-
Mexico as separate States."
In dealing with the success of state
hood for Oklahoma and Indian Ter
ritory the committee was less em
phatic in its declaration, confining the
plank to a general recommendation
of statehood for these two Territories
as follows:
"We favor the admission of the Ter
ritory of Oklahoma and Indian Terri
tory."
The currency plank offered by Bryan
was referred to a sub-committee, con
sisting of Williams, Bryan and Hill,
with authority to draft a financial
plank for submission to the full com
mittee. The opinion was expressed that
these men might agree upon some
| thing, and if they should it would prob
j ably eliminate any fight on the floor of
the convention.
One of the Western members said
that he did not expect Bryan to make
a minority report in view of the mauy
changes he had been able to procure in
the platform.
When at 8:30. a. m. the last plank as
drafted by the sub-committee had been
read the members of the committee ap
plauded-
THE Democratic party of the United States, in
national convention assembled, declares its
devotion to the essential principles of' the
Democratic faith, which brings us together in
party communion.
Under them local self-government and national
unity and prosperity were alike established. They
underlaid our independence, the structure of our free
republic and every Democratic extension from Louis
iana to California and Texas to Oregon, which pre
served faithfully in all the States the tie between
the nation and representation. They yet inspire the
masses of our people, guarding jealously their rights
and liberties and cherishing their fraternity, peace
and orderly development. They remind us of our
duties and responsibilities , as citizens and impress
upon us, particularly at this time, the necessity of
reform.
FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES.
1. The application of these fundamental princi
ples to the living issues of the day is the first step
toward the assured peace, safety and progress of our
nation. Freedom of the press, of conscience and of
speech — equality. •
The law of all citizens: right of trial by jury free
dom of the person defended by the writ of habeas
corpus; liberty of personal contract untrammeled
by sumptuary laws; supremacy of the civil over the
military authority; a well disciplined militia; the
separation of church and state; economy in expendi
tures; low taxes, that labor may be lightly burdened;
prompt and sacred fulfillment of public and private
obligations; fidelity to treatfes, peace and friendship
with all nations; entanglling alliances with none;
absolute acquiescence in the will of the majority, the
vital principle of republics — these are doctrines
which Democracy has established as proverbs of the
nation and they should be constantly enforced.
CAPITAL AND LABOR.
We favor enactment and administration of laws
giving labor and capital impartially their Just rights.
Capital and labor ought not to be enemies. Each
is necessary to the other. Each has Its rights, but
the rights of labor are certainly no less "vested,"
no less "sacred" and no less "inalienable" than the
rights of capital.
CONSTITUTIONAL GUARANTEE.
Constitutional guarantees are A'iolated whenever
any citizen is denied the right to labor,' acquire and
enjoy property or reside where interest or inclination
may determine. Any denial thereof by individuals
or organizations of Government should be summarily
rebuked and punished.
We deny the right of any executive to disregard
or suspend any constitutional privilege or limitation.
Obedience to the laws and respect for their require
ments are alike the supreme duty of the citizen and
the official.
The military should be used only to support and
maintain the law. We unqualifiedly condemn its em
ployment for the summary banishment of citizens
without trial, or for the control of elections.
We approve the measure which passed the United
States Senate in 1896, but which a Republican Con
gress has ever since refused to enact, relating to
contempts in Federal courts and providing for trial
by jury in cases of indirect contempt. .
WATERWAYS. , -
We favor liberal appropriations for the care and
improvement of the waterways of the country. When
any waterway like the Mississippi River is of suf-' '
ficient importance to demand special aid-of the Gov
eminent, such aid should be extended with a defin
ite plan of continuous work until permanent im
provement is secured.
We oppose the Republican policy of starving home
development in order to feed the greed for conquest
and the appetite for national "prestige" and display
of strength.
ECONOMY OF ADMINISTRATION.
1. Large reductions can easily be made in the an
nual expenditures of the Government without im-'
pairing the efficiency of any branch of ,the public
service, and we shall insist upon the strictest econ
omy and frugality compatible with vigorous and ef
fective civil, military and naval administration for
the people.
2. We favor honesty in the public service, the
enforcement of honesty in the public service, and to
that end a thorough legislative investigation of those
departments of the Government already known to
teem with corruptldn, as well as other departments
suspected of harboring corruption, and punishment
of ascertained corruptlonists without fear or favor
or regard to persons. The persistent and deliberate
refusal of both the Senate and House of Represent
atives to permit such investigation to be made dem
onstrates that only by a change in the executive and
in the legislative departments can complete expo
sure, punishment and conviction be obtained.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS WITH TRUSTS.
We condemn the action of the Republican party
in Congress in refusing to prohibit the executive de
partments from entering into contracts with con
victed trusts or unlawful' combinations in restraint
of interstate trade. We have one of the best meth
ods of procuring economy and honesty In the public
service and that is to have public officials, from the
occupant of the White House, down to the lowest of
them, return as nearly as may be to Jeffersonian
simplicity of living.
EXECUTIVE 'USURPATION.
We favor the nomination and election of a Pres
ident imbued with the principles of the constitution,
who will set his face sternly against executive usur
pation of legislative and judicial functions, whether
that usurpation be veiled under the guise of execu
tive construction of existing laws or whether it take3
refuge in the tyrant's pleas of necessity or superior
wisdom.
IMPERIALISM.
We favor the preservation so far as we can of an
open door for tho world's commerce in the Orient
without an unnecessary entanglement in Oriental
and European affairs and without arbitrary, unlim
ited, irresponsible and absolute government any
where within our jurisdiction.
We oppose fervently as did George. Washington
himself an indefinite, irresponsible, discretionary and
vague absolutism and a policy of colonial exploita
tion, no matter where or by whom exercised; we be
lieve with Thomas Jefferson and John Adams that
no government has a right to make one set of la\V3
for those "at home" and another and a different
set of laws, absolute in their character," for those "in
the colonies." .
All men under the American flag are entitled to
the protection of the institutions whose emblem the
Hag is. If they are Inherently unfit to be members
of the American body politic, or wherever there may
exist a people incapable of being governed by Amer
ican laws under the American constitution, the ter
ritory or people ought not to be a part of the Ameri
can domain. We insist that we ought to do for the
Filipinos what we have done already for the Cu
bans, and it is our duty to make that promise now
and, upon suitable guarantees of protection to • citi
zens of our own and other countries resident there
at the time of our withdrawal, Bet the Filipino peo
ple upon their feet, free and independent to work
out their own destiny.
The endeavor of the Secretary of War, by pledg
ing the Government's indorsement for "promoters"
In the Philippine Islands, to make the United States
a partner in speculative legislation of the archipej
ago, which was only temporarly held up by the op
position of the Democratic Senators in the last ses
sion, will, if successful, lead to entanglements from
which it will be difficult to escape.
The Democratic party has-been and will. continue
to be the consistent opponent of that class of tariff
legislation by which certain interests have been-per
mitted, through Congressional favor, to draw a heavy
tribute from the American people. This monstrous
perversion of. those equal opportunities which our
political institutions were established to secure has
. caused what may once have been infant industries
to become "the greatest combinations of capital that
the world has .ever known. These special favorites
of the Government have, through trust methods, been
converted into monopolies, thus bringing to an end
domestic competition, which was the only alleged
check upon the extravagant profits made possible by
the protective system. These industrial combina
tions, by the financial assistance they can give, now
control "the policy of the Republican party.
We denounce protection as a robbery of the many
to enrich the few, and we favor a tariff limited to
the necessities of the Government economically ad
ministered and so levied as not to/ discriminate against
any industry, class or section, /to the end that the
burden of taxation shall be distributed as equally as
possible.
We favor a revision and a gradual reduction of the
tariff by the friends of the masses and for the com
mon weal and not by the friends of its abuses, its
extortions and its discriminations, keeping in view
the ultimate ends of "equality of burdens" and
"equality of .opportunities" and the sole purpose of
raising a revenue by taxation, to wit, the support of
the Federal Government in all its integrity and viril
ity, but in simplicity.
TRUSTS AXD UNLAWFUL COMBINATIONS.
We recognize that the gigantic trusts and combinations de
signed to enable capital to secure more than Its Just share of
the joint products of capital and labor and which have been
fostered and promoted under Republican rule are a menace to
beneficial competition and an obstacle to permanent business
prosperity. A private monopoly Is- Indefensible and Intolerable.
Individual equality of opportunity and free competition are
essential to a healthy and permanent commercial prosperity, and
any trust combination or monopoly tending to destroy these by
controlling production, restricting competition or fixing prices
should be prohibited and punished by law. "We especially de
nounce rebates and discrimination by the transportation com
panies as the most potent agency In promoting and strengthening
these unlawful conspiracies against trade.
We demand an enlargement of the powers of- the Interstate
Commerce Commission, to the end that the traveling public and
shippers of this country may have prompt and adequate relief
from the abuses to which they are subject in the matter of
transportation. W e demand a strict enforcement of existing civil
and criminal statutes against all such trusts, combinations and
monopolies, and we demand the enactment of such further legis
lation as may be necessary to effectually suppress them.
Any trust or unlawful combination engaged In interstate com
merce which Is monopolizing any branch of business or produc
tion should not be permitted to transact business outside of the
State of Its origin. Whenever it shall be eetablfuhed in any court
of competent Jurisdiction that such monopolization oxlstB such pro
hibition should be enforced through comprehensive laws to be
enacted on the ttubject. .
RECLAMATION OF ARID LANDS.
We congratulate our Western citizens upon the passage of the
law known as the Newlands irrigation act for the Irrigation and
reclamation of the nrid lands of the West — a measure framed
by a Democrat, paised in the Senate by a non-partisan vote and
passed In the Home against the opposition of almost all the Re
publican leaders by a vote the majority of which was Demo
cratic. We call attention to this great Democratic measure,
broad and comprehensive as It Is, working automatically through
out all time without further action of Congress until the reclama
tion of all the Ian Is In the arid West capable of reclamation Is
accomplished, reserving the lands reclaimed for homeseekers In
email tracts and r'Rldly guarding against land monopoly, as an
evidence of the poll ;y of domestic development contemplated by
the Democratic par.y, should it be placed in power.
ISTHMIAN CANAL.
The Democracy when entrusted with power 5 will construct the
Panama canal speedily, honestly and economically, thereby
giving to our people what Democrats have always contended for
— a great inter-oceanic caral, furnishing shorter and cheaper
lines of transportation and broader and less trammeled trade re
lations with the other peoples of the world.
AMERICAN CITIZENSHIP.
We pledge ourselves to insist upon the just and lawful pro
tection of our, citizens at home and abroad and to use all proper
rneasures' to secure for them, whether native born or naturalized,
•and without distinction of race or creed, the equal protection of
laws and the enjoyment of all rights and privileges open to
them under the covenants of our treaties of friendship and com
merce; and if under existing treaties the right of travel and so
journ Is denied to American citizens or recognition Is withheld
from American passf>orts by any countries on the ground of race
and creed we favor the beginning of negotiations with the Gov
ernments of such countries to secure by treaty the removal of
these unjust discriminations.
We demand that all over the world a duly authenticated pass
port Issued by the Government of the United States to an Ameri
can citizen shall b; proof of the fact that he is an American
citizen and ehall entitle him to the treatment due him as such.
ELECTION* OF SENATORS BY THE PEOPLE.
We favor the election of United States Senators by the direct
vote of the people.
STATEHOOD FOR THE TERRITORIES.
We favor the admission of the Territory of Oklahoma and
the Indian Territory. We also favor the Immediate admission
of Arizona and New Mexico as separate States and the terri
torial government for Alaska and Porto Rico.
We hold that the officiate appointed to administer the govern
ment of any Territory as well as with the District of Alaska
should be bona fide residents at the time of thrlr appointment of
the Territory or the district in which their duties are to be per
formed.
MERCHANT MARINE.
We d*noun"e th« ship subsidy bill recently passed by the
United State* Srnatj as an iniquitous appropriation of public funds
for private purpO3Pg and a wasteful, illogical and useless at
tempt to overcome by subsidy obstructions raised by Republican
legislation to the g.-owth and development of American commerce
on the aea. "
We favor the unbuilding of a merchant marine without new
or additional burd ns upon the people and without bounties from
the public treasury.
We demand th • extermination of polygamy within- the juris
diction of the United States and the complete separation of
church and state 1 1 political affairs. '
RECIPROCITY.
AVe favor libera" trade arrangements with Canada and with
p«oples of other c untrles where they can be entered into with
benefit to the American agriculture, manufactures, mining or
commerce. s
MONROE DOCTRINEJ
*We favor the maintenance of the Monroe doctrine in its full
entirety.
NAVY AND AP.MY.
We favor tho reduction of the army and navy expenditures ,
to the point historically demonstrated to be safe and sufficient.
The Democracy would secure to the surviving soldiers and
sailors and their dependents generous pensions, not by arbitrary
executive order, but by legislation which a grateful people
stand ready tn enact.
Our soldiers and i«nilori» who defmd with their lives the con
stitution and the Iws have a sacred interest in their Just ad
ministration. They mm, therefore, share with u« the humilia
tion with which we have witnessed the exaltation of th<" court
favorites, without distinguished service, over the Fcarred heroes
of rosiny hattlrs or aggrandized by executive appropriations out
of the treasures of a prostrate people In violation of the act of
Congress which fixed ths compensation and . allowances of the
military officers.
The Democratic party stands committed to the principles nt
civil pervlce reform and we demand their hon<*?t. Just and
impartial enforeemrnt. We denounce the Republican party for
Its continuous encroachment upon the spirit and operation of
civil service rules, whereby It has arbitrarily dispensed with ex
aminations for office In the Interests of favorites and employed
all manner of devlias to overreach nnd set aside the principles
upon which the civil service was established.
SCHOOL AND RACE QUESTION.
%' The race qu»stlnn has brought countless woes to thl* country.
TIip calm wisdom or the American people should see to it that
It brings no more.
To revive the d:ad and hateful race and sectional animosities
In any part of pur common country means confusion, distraction
of business and tV reopening of wounds now happily hsaled.
North. South. Fas' and West have recently stood together In
line "of battle f ro n the walls of Pekln* to the hills of Santiago
and as sharers of a common glory nnd a rommon destiny we
phould ohare fraternnlly the common burdens.
, We therefore deprecate and condemn the Bourbon-like, selfish
and narrow spirit of the recent Republican convention at Chicago
which sought to kindle anew racial and factional strife and we
appeal, to the pob r common sense and patriotic spirit of the.
American people.
REPUBLICAN ADMINISTRATION.
The existing Republican administration has been spasmodic,
(spectacular and nrb'trary. It has made itself a satire upon the
Congress, the courts and upon the settled practices and usages
of national and ln*« rrmtiona! law.
It summoned t*>» Congress Into hasty and futile extra session
and virtually aujo irr«cl H. leaving behind ItH'fllght from Wash
ington'uncalled calendars and unaccomplished tasks.
It made war. which Is the sole power of Congress, without
Its authority, thereby usurping its fundamental prerogatives. It
violated a statute of the United States as well as plain treaty
obligations. International usages 'and constitutional law, and
hR« done so under pretense, of executing a great public, policy
which could hnvs been more easily effected lawfully, constitu
tionally and with honor. *
It forced strained and unnatural constructions upon statutes,
usurping judicial ¦ Interpretation and substituting Congressional
enactments. ••¦..•
It withdrew . from Congress the customary dutlea of Investiga
tion which have heretofore made the representatives of the peo
ple and States, the terror of evil doers.
It conducted a secretive Investigation of Its own and boasted
of a few sample convictions. < while It threw n broad coverlet over
the bureaus which had been their chosen field of operative abuses
and kept In power the superior officers under whose administra
tion the crimes had been committed.
It ordered nswiult upon some monopolies, but. paralyzed by Its*
first victory. It flung out the Mac of truce and declared that»it
would rrnt "run amuck,"- leaving Its future purposes beclouded by
Its vacillations.-
APPEAL TO THE COUNTRY.
Conducting the campaign upon this declaration of our princi
ples and purposes, we invoke for our candidates the support not
only of ovr. great and time-honored organization, but also the ac
tive assistance, of all - our fellow-citizens who. disregarding past
• differences upon questions no longer in issue, ¦ desire the perpetua
tion of our constitutional government as framed and ectabllshed
by the fathers of the republic.
TEXT OF THE PLATFORM ADOPTED
BY THE DEMOCRATS AT ST. LOUIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, lflO4..
COMMITTEE ON RESOLUTIONS STRUGGLES SIXTEEN HOUR CONSTRUCTING PLATFORM
New York Senator and Nebraskan Bury
the Hatchet, However, and Leave
the Conference Chamber
Arm in Arm.
HILL -HAS HOT VERBAL
ENCOUNTER WITH BRYAN,
WHOM DANIEL ATTACKS
.Senator Bailey and Senator TiUman.
while believing in an Income tax. said
that in view of the statement of the
Nsw York member of the committee.
ST. LOUIS. July 8.— After a continu
ous session cf sixteen hours the com
mittee on resolutions perfected the
platform and adjourned just before
noon, instructing its sub-cominittee to
arrange the draft for submission to the
general committee at 6 o'clock, to be
reported to the convention two hours
later.
The platform is a compromise ac
ceptable to all of the interests involved
and was adopted unanimously by the
committee. It may be said in a general
way to have been a concession to the
Bryan wing of the party without in
any way stifling the declarations of the
conservatives. The absence of any pro
r.otincement on the financial question
is most significant and discloses the
utter impossibility of finding any decla
ration upon this subject acceptable to
all.
The committee spent the entire night
«>n the platform, and at 8:30 o'clock
considered the last resolutions which
had been made by the sub-com
mittee. But this did not mean that the
platform was finished and ready fur
the convention. The struggle contin
ued, and at 10 o'clock it was clear that
an agreement on the document as a
whole could not be reached immediate
ly. During the watch of the long night
la the committee there were many dra
matic scenes, not the least striking of
which was the verbal encounter be
tween Senator Hill and Bryan. It oc
curred while Bryan was engaged in
n^aking one cf his many attacks upon
the gold standard plank as framed by
the sub-committee. He was wrought
up to a high tension when, approach
ing the New York leader and shaking
his finger dangerously close to the nor*.
«'f that gentleman, he exclaimed: ;
"You ought to have a gold platform
to go with the gold candidate you are i
forcing upon the country."
Hill replied that he knew nothing as
to Parker's monetary views.
•Do you mean to say," demanded the
Nebraskan, "that you don't know
Judge Parker's financial views?"
"I mean just that," responded Hill.
"You hav* no knowledge on that sub
ject?"
"Xone."
"Have you never asked him?"
NEVER ASKED PARKER.
"I have not. I have never sought to
secure an expression of his views, and
he never sought to convey them to me.
1 only know that he is a Democrat and
a high-minded and patriotic man, and
I believe that he can be trusted implic
itly on this as upon other matters of
public policy."
Bryan then demanded to know when
the gold plank had been decided upon
and why it had not been incorporated
in the New York platform.
Hi'.l replied that the matter had first
been discussed at the meeting of the
delegates about ten days ago and that
the declaration was the result of insist
ence by other members of the delega
tion than himself.
At 4:4 0 this morning the committee
voted the gold standard plank out of
the Democratic platform by a vote of
35 to 15. This was the third Victory
for William J. Bryan during the all
night session of the committee. He
had made two successful efforts early
in the evening and secured modifica
tions of the tariff plank on two separ
ate votes.
An effort was made to secure a re
cess after the vote on the gold plank.
but it was voted down and the com
mittee continued with its work on
other features of the platform.
The contest was one of the most in
teresting features of the convention.
The main fight was upon a proposed
income tax providing for an amend
ment to the constitution to meet the
ad\ersc decision of the Supreme Court
upon the Wilson law. It was upon this
amendment and the gold plank, the
two propo«itions having been brought
in conjunction, that Bryan made his
strong fight. Williams of Mississippi
firet offpred the income tax amend
ment and it was immediately antag
onized by former Senator Hill, who
Mated that with such a plank in the
j;latform New York could not be car
ried for the Democratic nominees. He
urg.d the adoption of a platform
¦which will enable the Democrats to
win in doubtful States and elect their
candidates. Williams withdrew hi3
amendment, saying that he, with many
others, was seeking harmony and an
adjustment of all difficulties, with a
view of succeeding upon a Democratic
platform.
INCOME TAX AMENDMENT.
Rryan mn.de an income tax amend
ment. He asserted that while votes
might be lost among the very rich, the
Democratic party ought to consider
:hf great mass of the people, who bear |
the burdens of taxation and the ex
j.enses of the Government.
Senator Daniel replied to Bryan and
was very vigorous In his denunciation
of the course the Nebraska man was
pursuing. He said that he wanted to
%v{n. and desired a platform which
would bring to the Democratic party
the voters who had left it when pur
suing r. course which rryan had
shaped and advocated. He was tired
of being forever in the minority and
insisted that it would be absurd for
Democrats, facing victor;-, to take any
action which would mean defeat.' To
lose New York meant defeat. i
2MORE SURVIVORS OF
THE NORGE RESCUED
Twenty People Reach the Shore After
Being in a Boat Eight v s
GLASGOW, July 8.— Another boat
with Norge survivors, eleven passen
gers, eight sailors and one child, has
reached the Shetland Islands.
This boat, which was in charge of
the second mate of the Norge, was
eight days on the open sea.
The party rowed the entire distance
to the islands.
All on board the boat were much
exhausted, - .
WIFE OF YALE ATHLETE
ACCUSED OF BEING THIEF
Mrs. Harry S. Batchelder, Formerly
Cashier in Store, Arrested on
Charge of Embezzlement.
READING, Pa., July 8. — The wed
ded bliss of Harry S. Batchelder, the
noted college 'ball player, who gave
up his law scholarship at Yale, where
he was a prominent athlete, to come
to\ Reading and wed pretty May Cas
sldy, a cashier in a store here, was
rudely interrupted to-day by the ar
rest of his youn;x wife on a charge of
embezzling a sum alleged to aggregate
from $1500 u 42000 from her em
ployers — ' '— -¦¦ ' 7 s — ' "— ->J
Succeeds Wright in Position of Secre
tary of Commerce and Police of
„ Philippines.
W. Cameron Forbes, a member of an
old Boston family and recently ap
pointed a Philippine Commissioner to
fill the vacancy caused by the resigna
tion of Governor Taft, is at the Palace
Hotel on his way to the Orient. Com
missioner Forbes, 'who Is a young man.
will succeed Commissioner Wright as
secretary of commerce and police in the
Philippines. The Commissioner . said
last night that he had had little oppor
tunity to acquaint himself 'with the re
sponsibilities awaiting him and there
fore was' unable to say Just what his
position would be In the Island admin
istration. He suggested, however, that
in all- probability he would follow the
policy of his predecessor, whose wis
dom had been exreised In a manner
highly beneficial to the natives. Mr.
Forbes leaves Tuesday on the Korea
tpr Manila, .
COMMISSIONER FORBES
ON WAY TO "MANILA
DANIEL J. . SULLY WILL
SOON RE-ENTER BUSINESS
Cotton Operator Has Arranged His
Affairs Satisfactorily to His
Creditors.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Daniel J.
Sully will soon be in business again ia
the announcement contained in a
statement issued to-day by Sully's
counsel, who says that "all that is ne
cessary now is to carry out the forms
prescribed by the bankruptcy law,
which will be immediately done.' ¦ A
sufficient number of creditors having
voted in favor of the proposition on
the terms agreed upon, it follows that
the matter will go through."
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE /;X
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Department Accepts Pro
posal of Visalia Man — Names
• i Rural Carriers. '-'
WASHINGTON, July 8. — The'Pos
offlce Department has accepted the pro
posal of Richard Hastings to lease two
rooms at 110 West Main street, Vi
salia, Cal., as a postoffice.
The Fourth National Bank of St.
Louis has been made reserve agent for
the Commercial National Bank of Los
Angeles.
Manning C. Allee has been appoint
ed postmaster at Fieldbrook. Hum
boldr County, vice John Dabner. re
signed. David W. Thompson has been
appointed rural carrier for Burbank,
Cal. Rankin Thompson is his substi
tute. ] ' ¦ £-•-<';?,
Washington: Rural carriers—Lang
ley, Lawrence D. Brooks; substitute,
Lawrence H. Brooks. Tumwater,
John Hopp; substitute, Eugene. L.
Hopp.
Oregon: Rural carriers — Forest
Grove. William Milne.
SERVANT GIRL CLAIMS
SHE IS MISSING HEIRESS
Chicago Domestic Believes She Is 'En
titled to One-Third of Mysteri
ous Fabian Estate.
CHICAGO, July 8. — Mabel Le Mor
ris, a servant in the home of Dr. Alex
Lowe, 4006 Prairie avenue, believes
she Is entitled to one-third of the
$500,000 estate left by Morris Fabian
in San Francisco and her friends will
employ attorneys and begin an investi
gation. The search will begin in Kan
sas City. Fabian left there nineteen
years ago. The girl left at the same
time. They never met after that, but
It is believed that they were father
and daughter and that it was a differ
ence In names which kept them apart.
MONARCHISTS FEAR RESULT
OF ACTIVITY OF EDWARD
Think Kins Is Risking Grave Compli
cations by Deviating From Path
of British Constitutionalism.
VIENNA, July 8. — Francis Joseph
and othfer devoted monarchists of this
entourage are disturbed by the ac
tivity of King Edward in practical In
ternational politics. They fear that
the King, who is drawing attention to
himself as the initiator of great poli
cies, is deviating from the straight
path of British constitutionalism and
Is risking grave complications with
public opinion. They argue that If
the British people should be drawn
into an unfortunate treaty — with Ger
many, for example — they would hold
the King responsible, and the mon
archic system of England would suffer
severe strain. Telegrams to the Vienna
press state that similar arguments are
finding lodgment in thoughtful minds
in Great Britain.
BELIEVES BRITAIN SHOULD
FOLLOW OUR EXAMPLE
Chamberlain Explains His Policy at
Gathering of Friends on Anni
versary of His Birth.
LONDON, July 8. — Joseph Cham
berlain to-day on the occasion of the
anniversary of his • birth was the
guest of 200 members of the House of
Commons. In the course of a long
speech Chamberlain said he had not
wavered in his conviction that the
policy he advocated was necessary In
order to prevent the loss of British
trade and prestige. He said that the
British people should follow the ex
ample of the United States and make
a united empire out of the scattered
sister States. .
John E. Graves made elaborate prep
arations to go into tha retail fruit busi
ness, but was prevented, he says, by
the organizations of the wholesalers
and retailers already engaged in that
line of trade. In the expectation of re
covering the money he had expended,
and further damages, he yesterday
brought suit in the Superior Court for
$10,000, and named as defendants the
Wholesale Fruit and Produce Mer
chants' Association, the Retail Fruit
Dealers* Association, L. Scatena, Gar
cia A. Maggini, Van Husen & Co., the
American Produce Company, Wetmore
Bros, and Julius Zenter.
Graves alleges that the wholesale as
sociation entered into an unlawful and
illegal agreement that none of its mem
bers should sell any produce to any
person not in good standing as a mem
ber of the retail association, and none
of the members of the retail associa
tion should patronize any one not a
member of the wholesale association.
The plaintiff says that he applied for
membership in the retail association
and tendered the $5 fee, which was re
fused. He attempted to buy from mem
bers of the wholesale association and
they would not sell to him. Further
more, he declares the latter organiza
tion printed his name In a "blacklist"
He says that he lost $5000 by Injury to
his business, $350 which he spent to fit
up his place. $130 in rent paid and $25
expended for printing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANACONDA, Mont., July 8.— Two
boys, Phil Danley and Jimmie Spell
man of this city, unearthed a myste
rious treasure chest to-day while dig
ging in a bank at the head of Maple
street and the find has aroused consid
erable interest. The box uncovered by
the lads Is about fourteen inches
square, is made of heavy stuff and is
bound with heavy iron .bands. It was
found io contain a small diamond pin,
two unset opals, several pieces of gold
quartz, pieces of copper ore, a brooch
aet with small pearls, two unset imita
tion diamonds and copper nuggets. In
the box was found a letter written on
pieces of paper so badly decayed as to
be almost entirely illegible. A few
words written in a large hand were de
ciphered, and they seemed to indicate
that the chest contained the secret of
greater treasures hidden perhaps in
some other place. The following is all
that could be made out of the message:
"This chest contains key to chest
which is burled . Dig at dig
ne Gold ."
A key was found in the chest 'and
why, the thing was burled is a complete
mystery. The chest had evidently been
in the ground for years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 8.— With all the
stateliness that goes with 40.000 tons
displacement the Baltic, the greatest
of ocean steamships, moved up the bay
early this morning and, aided by a
flotilla of puffing tugs, ranged her tre
mendous bulk against her North River
pier. \\ had been predicted that the
Baltic"would reach port the day before,
but thick weather forced the steamship
to run at reduced speed during the lat
ter part of her Journey and eventually
compelled her to seek an overnight
anchorage outside the bar. This
brought her up the river at an hour
when, few were about to bid her wel
come, and, save for the whistles o'f a
few ferry- DOats a^^ tugs, the arrival
of this queen of trans-Atlantic steam
ships .was almost unmarked.
There were few at the pier to meet
the vessel. Those who climbed the
gangplank to the main deck of the liner
were amazed at the long vista of deck
space and the great beam of the
mighty vessel. Entering the main
doorway one could see a maze of com
panlonways leading to the decks be
neath and to those above. Standing on
the main deck, four decks are under
foot, while four more rise overhead, the
top deck being eighty feet above the
water. One' of the most striking fea
tures of the big vessel Is the great
dining saloon, an apartment extend
ing the full width of the ship and
having a seating capacity for 375 per
sons. v ."
John E. Graves Charges That
Combine Prevented Him
From Entering Business
Unearth \ Chest Containing
Beal and Imitation Jewels
and a Mysterious Epistle
Baltic, the Largest x Ship
Afloat. Completes Maiden
Voyage Across Atlantic
MONTANA LADS
FIND TREASURE
GREAT VESSEL
REACHES PORT
FRUIT DEALER
ASKS DAMAGES
MARYSVILLE PLANNING
FOR BIG STREET FAIR
Affair Given by Women's Civic Im
provement Club Promises to Be
a Great Success.
MARTSVILLE, July 8. — Marysville
will hold its second annual street fair
and carnival this year, and the af
fair, now promises to be a great suc
cess. s The street fair, which will this
year be held under the auspices of the
Women's Civic Improvement Club, will
open in the evening of July 25 and
continue six days.
The ladies are enthusiastic and have
entered into the matter with a vim
which assures success. A queen will
be selected by popular vote and a floral
parade will be a feature. Committees
are now at work outlining the pro
gramme. , «;._
WILL SPEND LARGE SUMS I
IMPROVING THE PROVINCE*.
New Republic Makes Preparations to
Expend Millions Received From
United States.
WASHINGTON, July 8.— With con
siderable promptness and a great deal
of lavishness the new republic of Pan
ama is proceeding to utilize for public
Improvements the $10,000,000 it received
from the United States recently for
Panama canal rights. According to re
ports from H. A. Cudger, American
Consul General at Panama, $3,250,000
has already been appropriated, $1,000,
000 of which goes to improve Panama
alone. According to the law appro
priating this money, which was passed
by the National Assembly on 'June 6,
the plans and specifications for the Im
provements for which it is to be used
must be filed and the work under way
by December 31. The work for which
the money will be .used covers a wide
range. Panama is to have a new Capi
tol.
The sum is distributed among the va
rious provinces as follows: Province
of Panama, $1,000,000; province of Co
lon, $300,000; province of Chiriqui, $450,
000; province of Code, $350,000; province
of Los Santos, $350,000; province of
Vera Agiias, $350,000; province of Bocas
del Toro, $450,000.
WANTS NEW YORKER.
ST. LOUIS, July 8. — H. S. Cum
mlngs of Connecticut, In seconding the
In San Juan, Porto Rico, there are
five families for very two dwellings.
SPEAKS FOR TENNESSEE.
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— Senator Car
mack of Tennessee, wht> seconded the
nomination of Alton B. Parker, spoke
as follows:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the conven
tion: I speak for the State which holds In
her boscm the ashes of Old Hickory and among
whose people his spirit Is abroad.
In few words and simple fashion I shall
discharge the duty imposed upon me by my
delegation and by the unanimous voice of the
Democracy of Tennessee.
One of the largest and most representative
State conventions that ever assembled, with
unparalleled enthusiasm and without one dis
senting voice. Instructed us to cast the vote
of Tennessee for that profound Jurist, that un
faltering Democrat, that stainless gentleman,
Alton B. Parker of New York.
This was not done in haste, but after mature
deliberation In which the character and quali
ties of every possible nominee were carefully
weighed in the balance. Nor did we fall to
consider all the criticisms that have been made
against him, with the result that In our judg
ment the character of our candidate stands
out clean and clear, unspotted by the reckless
defamation that has raged around It.
I should not longer detain this convention
but that some of these criticisms seem to de
mand a passing notice. The fact that Judge
Parker Is being supported by men who are
blesoed with a larger amount of the world's
good9 than most of us have been able to as
semble Is being strangely urged as an objection
to his nomination. Sir, I deny that the Demo
cratic party Is the party for the poor man
alone. It Is the party for every rich man who
respects the rights of the poor, and it Is the
party of every man who wants to be rich. It
Is the party of every man who loves his liberty,
and it Is also the party of every man who loves
the dollar he has earned honestly and the se
curity of the property that Is rightfully his. No
man Is barred from Its councils because he is
poor and no man Is barred because he is rich.
I believe It was a Democratic convention of
which It was written, "The rich and the poor
meet together; the Lord is the maker of them
all."
The charge has been recklessly made that
the influences of Wall street are behind the
candidacy of , this upright and Incorruptible
Judge. \r-
The charge Is , based upon no scintilla of
evidence, or upon such evidence only as no
adult understanding ever before stooped to
consider. I can tell the author of this accu
sation that the power of Wall street has in a
ST. LOUIS. July 8. — Martin Little
ten, who placed Judge Parker in nom
ination as the Democratic candidate
for the Presidency, spoke as follows:
Mr Chairman and Gentlemen cf the Con
vention: We Co not expect here that stupid
peece which smells of chloroform. We do not
m;*h that ur.ctuous unanimity- which eprlngs
from the unconSicting emotions of a solitary
Iran. We would not have our harmony In a
er.gl* harness. We. too. love the etir of a
etrenucus life, but we believe in equal stren
ib uir.et* for all and special tstrenuous
r*tt fcr none. We do not derive our
power frcm the seats cf the mighty, but from
the souls cf the humble. We do not ask for
::.sn<- agreement springing from faithless fire,
tut rather outbursts of dissension issuing from
robust freedom. We ere net in executive ses
f!cn. but rather In committee of the whole.
We were eent here by the people to select a
candidate; we were not etnt here by the can
cicate to notify the people. Our adversaries,
t >¦ dwelling tenderly on the simplicity of the
-trnenied McKirley. n.anaged to endure for
ihrte days the strenuoutity of Roosevelt. Hut
[xainHijI in affectionate terms the achieve
ment oi cne, they evoked an enthusiasm which
they immediately credited to the other.
Through tears that were shed for the noble
<5ead they taw a '.argT outline of the living.
Driven by lath and lured by luck, they called
en aJl the sacred dust tr> keep their spirits up.
tet to run for three full days, the pendulum
petered out. the hanis stuck fast, and only a
strenuous shake could make the wheete go
¦round. Spiritless In the eullen task, the;/
worked up fcl'.I against the grain and gravity
ef the hour. Without the master whom they
had learned to love, they lingered listless un
<J*r the whip of cne whom they have learned
to fear. Stripped of premeditated pomp and
*-hcrn cf soothing prais-es, the occasion means
ro mere or lew than an era of boots and spurs*.
Take away the tribute to the dead and all
that is left Is a horseman on the slopes of
ban Juan. Remove the re-vered black that tells
cf a • ¦ . - ? grief and underneath is a khaki
uniform. Withhold the record made by hands
end hearts now etill and all that Is left is
usurpation's bold account. Pull off the mask
thit wears the kindly smile of peace and tee
th* grim and firm-**t teeth of war. It was
The change from ture and certain way? to the
shifting, eddying currents cf the wild un
•¦ LEAP INTO DARKNESS.
It was a leap in the darkness cf Republican
eclipse, and four years hence will find them
vainly looking for ltcht. It marks th- pla^
•where a party rich m years of service for«K>ok
the beaten cata Jtnd went on a winding way
Of untravcled roads. It marks the cap be
tween the <ra cf the conservative and the
radical. It looks ffeod now because they do
cot «t« wbere the old force ends and the new
begins. But as tb~y drive away to eea, the
ever-widening span 'twixt craft and land will
•¦et rcary a lift-boat toward the store. There
is much talk cf twisting tendons in the race
of life; of runnine out of breath toward the
op<*s graie. The old and honored way is still
the riett; be net eo strenuous as to strain
.vou:«?!f. nor yet so simple cs to fall asleep.
There la much said by those who sit on cush
ioned < hairs about cowards and weaklings in
the' r.a::cn's life. The sunburnt farmer is Just
as br-ve a» the star-crowned soldier. The
rr.an o! natural peace is hero a hundred times
to where the man cf artificial war Is a hero
one?. Somehow of late the atmosphere of our
rational Mfe is filled with a spray of blood;
tomehow the march of progress sounds of ham
mered stee'; somehow, although the sunlight of
peace u all about us, there is now and then
tfc* gleam of bayonets in its radiant Cre and
a flash of E-KcrCa in its silver beams; somehow,
although the constitution Is etlll In force,
there is a ter.se of falling power and growing
<i:Rresi>ect which makes us feel that the \>n
«rat:<? eld man, so to speak, is halt and blind
•w:th years ar.d burdens the strenuous house
bold cf hit grandchildren; somehow at tlm^-s
there r>:3« a sort of fhock right down to the
foundations of this republic which makes the
structure tremble, and all the country paus»
¦Jid !i«ter.i. and then returns to work; eome
hew, although the future welcomes us, it does
t-o with a mailed hand ; somehow, although
you car.net put your finger on the cause, there
Is a universal f.ar, the mother watching while
h.'r . i :!ircn e!eop, noes and then she hears
the bugie call, the tramp of toes, and staring
In iht darkn<"5» of a dream, ehe s*e» the
"rigid, upturned face." The toiler, turning all
r.l* time and rtnew to cain which others get
begins to doubt tht.t the Government Is just!
Thf- man of means, who j>uts jj out j a tn#
active currents of tide and sees the Deril of
th>>- doubt and the Government's compromise
»iili both, begins to feel that It ia better
hoarded than emclcyed.
The North and South, each wearing scars
th.«t t»ll of war almost forgiven and forgotten
Ie«l the fear again that a problem which only
time can settle rijrbt will be forced upon them
«rong. Rehind these fears and doubts and
startled dreams and various misgivings is
many a v hidden cause. But over them is one
sit least revealed. For Lincoln said in the sad
ness of his great soul. 'With malice toward
none, with charity for all. with faith in the
right as God gives us the wisdom to see It."
And Roosevelt raid, in the glory of his self,
contemplation, "Tread softly and carry a big
And between these, the beginning and the
ending cf Republican growth, in time and
temper. In all their wild descending flight
with all they know and f»el cf the country's
<jue*tlcn of their course, the Republican party
yet claim every fruit of soil and sun. of brain
«.nd soul. They say that by a wise adminis
tration of nature 1 * laws they brought abundant
harvest from the soil.
They say that by careful direction of scien
tific search they added untold relumes to the
rtore cf common knowledge. They eay that
tr.ventlca under their control has lifted loads
of labor from mankind. They say that rellg
1im*B Ions; sleep mas broken by the etlmulus of
Republican virtue and they point with pride
to the churches a]l over the land. They say
that education was unpopular until they took
It up, and that now almost every one Is
wiVilr.x to b# educated. They eay that while
rornlati'.n was Increasing some there was
never nr.v steady, advancing, general Increase
until the Republican party came into power.
VTber. att-r.tlon Is called to the economic. In
dustrial ar.1 administrative vices resulting
fmm their lnc«?tnpeteney. they say that after
«!I there «r» *o ra * things which the all-wlee
rrcvlfiene* jmrtitea upon doing without giving
any particular reason for It. And so, on the
whole, we may conclude that whatever the
cood Lord do»s tn s.<*mlr.!sterlfi*; this gowS uni
verse that turns out to be rood they credit to
tbemaelve*. ar><i whatever the Republicans do
in Rdirlnirterlng the Government that turns
out tod <hey charre up to the Lord.
PRINCIPLES MAY CIIAXGE.
Gentlemen r-f the convention, beyond the
r*s*lor.s of war and the attracting
panics of peace: beyor.d the reach of disaster's
dread appeal and the fieaa past's dying wail,
we mr-et In the clear and rational calm of
reasoned common m<nxe. to reason torether for
the well beJnr of oor country and our party.
No man here can have hi« exact way. No
Uatjer can take us along the narrow ledre of
Ms unquertloned lode. x o section should
Fwrve u« from the course that leads to union
and fellowship. No faction can divide ur Into
weakeried r>arts and leave us on the field of
haul*, in front of the enemy. No man Is
rrtater than bit party and no party is girater
than Its principles. Th*re Is no principle which
<Joe« nr«t rest upon a condition and there Is
ro condition which m«y not change. There Is
no creed wet down in black and white to which
¦we are forever strapped, as to » crora. There
Is no Dlstform which can laet fore\-«r unless
It be made of abstract thing* incapable of
«?emonBtr8:tir>n. The world Is moving In Its
majestic course, and every detail of its toll
works out «ome mighty rhanjre. dvtliratlon «s
nipht nnfl d«y working with its counting hands
end its influence runs ahead to where we
cannnt p»e or hear. A political party is an
et»nrv li the hands of these material and
multiplied force*, and if It ceases to interpret
e\-ents with Intelligence It will be deserted
Tb« recent part Js filled with a record of
cur 6ltiere*m*nt*. Many of us would chance
thai past If !t were within our power— most
of ex would not— bet whether we would or
ST. LOUIS. July 8.— With all the
grace of oratory for which the San
Francisco lawyer is famous, D. M.
Delmas placed the name of William
Randolph Hearst before the convention
as a candidate for the Presidential
nomination. Delmas said:
For the first time In history California pre
sents as a candidate for the great office of
chief executive of the republic one born and
reared upon her soil. She bespeaks your In
dulgence while she sets forth the motive*
which animate her hopes and the claims which
Justify the aspirations of her son.
Do you war.t as your nominee a man whoaa
past political career stands as an assurance
of victory in the future? California's candi
date ia no stranger to public life. He is to
day the Representative in Congress of the
Imperial State, which Is now his home. To
the realization of your hopes the vote of that
State Is indispensable. Without New York ii
Is confessedly idle to look for victory next
November. Can he carry New York? Let
the experience of the past answer. Less than
two years ago he ran for Congress in a dis
trict which the year before had given the
Democratic nominee for Mayor of Greater New
York a majority of only 1SC0. That district
he carried by more than ltJ.OOO. Such a ma
jority exceeds by over 200O that given in the
same district a few years ago to the learned
and distinguished jurist who was then elected
Chief Justice of the State; and It U greater
by nearly 5000 than that given a year later to
the Democratic candidate for Mayor, though
he threw into the contest that which posterity
accords to an honored and historic name. That
majority represented seventy-two out of every
one hundred votes cast.
Was such a percentage ever before equaled T
Was such a maiorlty before attained? Was
a triumph so complete ever before achieved in
any Congressional district of New York?
Never. If. instead of running in a mere dis
trict he who won this unprecedented victory
had been a candidate In the whole municipality
h? would, according to this ratio, have car
ried the city of New York by a majority of
230.000. Had he been running in the State
at large — even conceding to hts adversary the
preponderance customarily claimed by the Re
publicans In the rural districts — he would
have carried the State by a majority of 130. Ouv.
FAITHFUL TO PARTY.
Gentlemen. If it be true tliat the State of
New York is indlsDensable to your success
who is the man that affords equal guarant3es
of his ability to carry it? Will you find him
in a stranger to that State? Or will you
find him in either of the men whose ma-
Jorfties our candidate has thus already
eclipsed at the polls? Do you want a nominee
of proved and unquestioned fidelity to your
party?
Where will you find one whose party fealty
can claim superiority to his in hours which
tried men's souls? Others have deserted the
ships In the days when idolatrous allurements
were spread forth: others have foresworn the
faith of their fathers and have prostrated
themselves before the golden calf. His al
legiance has not wavered; his devotion hast
been marred by no scheme. In prosperity an<l
In adversity. In sunshine and in storm, through
good and evil repute, his Democracy has re
mained steadfast and
"Constant as the northern star, of whose true,
fixed and resting quality
"There is no fellow in the firmament."
During the five Presidential elections which
have taken olace since he has reached man
hood's estate he has ever abandoned personal
preferences, surrendered individual opinions
and ungrudgingly acquiesced as soon as th>:
party's choice has been made and its creed pro
claimed. Three times did he support Grover
Cleveland and twice him who yonder sits and
who, untouched by ephemeral obliquity, mis
representation and slander, will bequeath pos
terity a name as pure, a character as lofty
and a fame as bright as any recorded In th?
annals of Democracy.
Nor does the fealty of our candidate belong
to the past alone. It exists to-day In ampli
tude as complete. In devotion as absolute as
of yore. Though aspiring to this nomination.
yet If your assembled wisdom shall deem an
other worthier he will not be found a discon
tented grumbler, sulking in his tent: still less
will he be found organizing fellow-desertera
Into marauding bands of hostile malcontents.
No. and, above all. will he not be foun<l
working for the party's defeat and exulting In
Its overthrow. Even though disappointed In
his aspirations, he will remain at his post.
ready as of old to battle for the cause, anrl.
if not chosen to lead as a commander of the
fighting, as private In the ranks.
Do you want/ for your nominee a man of
truly Democratic Impulse, one ever hi sympa
thy with distress, ever ready to stretch out a
succoring hand to suffering humanity?
DEEDS OF CANDIDATE.
Not here Is the place to recount the num
berless instances In which those traits of our
candidate's nature and disposition has been
displayed. Time would net permit even the
enumeration of countless acts of benefaction —
of asylums founded. hospitals established,
universities endowed, of private distress re
lieved, of the thousands nightly assisted, ff'l
and sheltered duriny the long and bitter win
ters of the great metropolis.
Indulge me, then, in one single Illustration,
and even of that I need not in person speaic
to yon who sit under the constellation of the
lone star, to you. representatives of that great
State whose imperial bounds embrace th~ vast
territory stretching between the Rio Grand*
and the Caribbean Sea, to you I turn and bid
you speak for me. When, on that never to bs
forgotten nisht of four years s«;o. the breath
of the hurricane swept over the southern coast
and the waters of the deep, defying the laws
of gravitation, stood like mountains, threaten
ing to deluge a continent, and In a few br'.e:
hours the metrooolis of the gulf was made a
scene of desolation; when human sympathy
was stricken dumb and human energy stood
paralyzed In the presence of the countless
dead and the spectacle of universal havoc, who
was the first to come to the succor of th*
ruined city? Under whose Inspiration was ir
that from New York and from Chicago anil
San Francisco simultaneous trains bearing
stores of food and of clothing, of medicines
and of medical stores, of, nurses .and physi
cians and surgeons, sped like a trinity or
ministering angels flying on wings of mercy
to the relief of afflicted humanity? Tell us.
ye gallant sons of Texas, for you know.
Men of the South, upon whose soil Ameri
can Democracy first saw the light, you. th-i
hereditary custodian of Its purest traditions,
you whose political Importance. If not political
life Is bound up with Its fate, you In whos<»
annals the events of this day may mark an
epoch more fatal than any which has gone by
since the war — men of th* South, to you 1 next
speak. Do you want as your nominee a. man
whose descent, whose past career and whos«
present attitude afford Irrefragable guarantees
of sympathy anfl give proof . of accord upon
the rreat questions with which the" very ex
istence of your people as a race are Involved?
If you want such a nominee, what lacks tha
candidate of California to commend your con
fidence and enlist your support?
HEARST'S' GENEA LOGY.
Upon the momentous questions which affc< r
you. every sentiment of his heart Is by the shrcr
force of heredity with you. The same hloc>i
that flows through your veins courses through
his. Like yourselves, his parents and fore
fathers belong to the South. On the maternal
side he comes from Virginia: on the paternal
aide, through genealogy which parallels that
of her Jacksons. her Calhouna. South Carolina
claims htm as hers. The act of his> life which
his father loved to cherish waa the rote which
he rose from his dying bed to elve In th«
Senate of the United States, cast against that
measure of Republican tyranny fittingly called
the "force bill." Nor are his views or sen
timents a secret. Speaking through the agent v
of a public voice heard by millions In ev r •-
.nook and corner of the country, his thought.*
have been given utterance. You know where
he stands. You know him is one who, while
Tells With Sarcasm
of Republican
Harmony.
Presents the Editor's
Name for Head
of Ticket.
Says That Parker Is
Friendly to Ali
Factions.
Delmas Compares
Candidate to the
North Star.
nomination of Judge Parker, said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention: The Democracy of Connecticut, which
I have upon this occasion the great honor of
representing, has a vital interest in the result
of the coming campaign. I therefore crave, at
the. hands of this great convention, the priv
ilege of a few moments In which briefly f»
set forth the wishes of, the Democrats of that
doubtful and essential ' State. It is out wish,
our hope and our purpose to present to the
Democracy of the nation the seven electoral
votes of the old constitutional State of
Connecticut. We appeal to this assemblage
of Democrats for the Invaluable assistance of
& wise Presidential nomination. The Demo
crats of Connecticut realize that, aside from
the great questions of public policy so ably
set forth In the platform just adopted, and
upon which any candidate selected by this
convention will squarely stand, the people of
this country are to pass upon the bizarre per
sonality and the political peculiarities of the
present chief executive. Thoughtful people
have begun to weary of his eccentric advertis
ing methede. They are alternately amused
and alarmed by his strenuous and untimely
Impetuosity. They decline to accept hrm"~In
his favorite role of a mighty military cap
tain. True, he has taken great pains to assure
them that he has charged up San Juan Hill,
but they have come to the conclusion that he
has shed more ink and ¦ less blood than any
warrlor since Sancho Panza. They realize that
his chief hold upon a doubtful fame for mili
tary activity depends- upon euch glory as he
managed to achieve by impertinences and In
sults to Miles and Dewey and Schley. They
are uneasy in the knowledge that he is pain
fully lacking in poisa and balance, and so
constitutionally reckless that he is likely, at
any time, to involve our country in difficulties
at home and abrcad.
They have witnessed, with Infinite regret,
his efforts to stir up sectionalism and for sel
fish purposes to undo the work of patriots by
resurrecting the Infamous issue of the bloody
shirt. They have witnessed his burlesque as
saults upon the criminal monopolies and have
found that his warfare against the trusts
consists In the use of extravagant language
and the assumption \ of terrifying facial con
tortion*. They have come to know him be
cause of his extravagance, his arrogance, hi*
disregard for constitutional limitations and his
efforts to develop, the executive powers at the
expense of the legislative branch of the Gov
ernment. They are eager for a real Amer
ican statesman, of American size, and animated
by American constitutional ideas.
If you want to secure' the seven electoral
votes of Connecticut, if you wish to strengthen
and inspire her Democracy, if you desire to
heed the wishes of one of the doubtful States
that must be carried In order that the na
tional Democracy may come Into her own,
then you must name as the choice of this
great convention a candidate who appeals to
buth the regular Democrat ana the independent
voter, and who Is the very antithesis of the
Republican nominee.
Fortunately there is such a candidate now
before this assemblage for Its consideration.
Ho is a man of sound Democratic principles,
tried executive ability, great personal popu
larity, wide learning In the law. profound
respect for Justice and the constitution, un
doubted party regularity, a clean record and
a judicial reputation for dealing In a large
way with large problems. He Is a man of
dignity and self-control, and from his high
end honorable position upon the bench has
handed down leading decisions upon many
vexed and pertinent questions affecting labor
and capital. From his character, his attain
ments and his experience It is clear that both
the party and the country have in him a man
who can be trusted to meet every question as
It arises, to guide the affairs of state in a
safe and proper course, and at all times and
In every way to measure up to the highest
standard of public service. We can place
the Insignia of the party In his hands, secure
In the faith that he will carry It through
this contest even with the fidelity with which
the black Douglas carried the sacred casket
that contained the heart of Bruce.
Gentlemen. Connecticut unites her voice
with that of her sister States. New York
New Jersey and Indiana, doubtful States
every one. and asks this splendid assemb'^ge
of Democrats to nominate for President, of the
United States Judge Alton Brooks Parker of
New York.
feeble way been felt In this convention, and
that it has been strivinc.as earnestly as he
to defeat the nomination of Alton B. Parker
and to accomplish the nomination of ' quit*
another candidate.
Another objection Is that Judse Parker has
not taken upon himself the office of this con
vention to declare the will and purpose of ths
Democratic party. Mr. Chairman, I tru«t It
will be long before the Democratic party will
repeat the spectacle recently presented by its>
adversary of a great convention assembled to
merely record one man's oolnlon and to exe
cute one man's will. Sir, this convention has
assembled not to receive but to slve Instruc
tions to its nominee.
It may be, eir, that our candidate Is not
as voluble and vociferous as some would have
him be. but I have yet to learn that laryngeai
activity is the supreme test of statesmanship.
I have yet to learn that the length of a man's
mouth measures the depth of his wisdom.
When the Almighty wanted a leader to con
duct the children of Israel out of the house o"
bondage, Moses objected to his own selectlon_
on the ground that he lacked th» gift cf ready
eloquence, and he suggested his brother Aaron
as a fit leader "nt the people. Aaron did not
have much judgment, but he could talk. But
the Almighty preferred the silent wisdom of
the great lawyer to the voluble unwisdom of
the sreat orator to lead the people In that cam
paign. And ,^ie did not forget Aaron, either.
He found a Dlace for him. And. Mr. Chair
man, while the Democratic party prefers its
Mosfs in this campaign, it wants the helD of
its Aaron, too.
Mr. Chairman, we enter this campaign under
such conditions as never before confronted 1 the
American people. Never before has the personal
character of the candidate been so important
to the country as this campaign. The Re
publican party, that was once proud to be
called the party of Lincoln, has become a
helpless slave to every caprice of one Irrespon
sible man. It has been eubdued to the law
less will of one man who b*«trldea It like a
colossus, while Its petty leaders In Congress
creep between his huge legs to find themselves
dishonorable graves. When could they say
till now that like talked-of Rome her wide
walls encompassed but onf man?
The will of this one man Is not directed by
wisdom and patriotism, but it Is characterized
ty an Impatience of all legal and constitutional
restraints, by desire to thrust his own militant
figure Into the foreground of every picture, by
a morbid craving for sensationalism and excite
ment.
The course of the present administration has
Justly alarmed all conservative citizens, who
feel that the peace as well as the prosperity of
the country demands the defeat of the present
occupant of the White House.
The Democracy of Tennessee has declared
that In this crisis the party should present a
candidate of judicial temper, one imbued with
a deep reverence for the constitution, with a
respect for law. with a Just regard for estab
lished precedents and traditions, with a sane
conception of the duties and responsibilities of
public office, a candidate, in short, whose whole
life and character will be In vivid contrast
with the recklessness, the lawlessness, the epi
leptic and convulsive strenuoslty of this admin
istration. We believe we have such a man in
the distinguished Jurist from New York. Tlje
fact that he has always supported the nomlate
of his party shows his fidelity to "the party or
ganization. The fact that he was elected by a
majority of 60.000 as a member of the highest
court In New York shows his popularity In that
Important State. His record on the bench dem
onstrates his (rreat ability. His action In cases
where the rights of labor and the power of un
lawful combinations were Involved shows that
he has never bowed to the power of wealth.
The fact that throughout a long official career
he has remained poor shows that he has never
been touched by greed for gain. His political
enemies testify to the purity of hia life and the
Incorruptible integrity of his character.
Choose this man for your leader and the
clans of Democracy will throng to his standard
filled with the hope and the Inspiration of vic
tory, assured that the party which follows his
stainless banner will never know dishonor and
rever taste ''"feat.
Gentlem<-n A the convention. In the name of
the Andrew Jackson Democracy of Tennessee. I
second the nomination of Alton B. Parker "of
New York.
our candidate. The country, anxious to win
In this great crisis, called upon New York as
the battle ground. New York answers with a
candidate who carried the State by CO.OCO ma
jority. The country called upon New York
for the best of Its brain and blood and New
York answers with a n'nn who cut his way
through poverty and toil until he found the
highest peak of power and hnnor in the State.
The country called unon New York for *.
Democrat and New York answers with a man
who learned /the simple lessons of Democratic
faith in the furrowed field: who took them
with increasing strength to the bar and finally
honored them . by his exalted station on • the
bench; a man throughout his career from pov
erty to power, never in fair weather or foul
forsook the standards of his party faith or
deserted the colcrs of his commander.
.max or tul: people.
The country called -upon New York for a
Democrat free from factional dispute, and
New York answers with a man friendly to
all factions, but a favorite and afraid of none;
a man who will take counsel and courage of
both— but who will take the bitterness of
neither — a man who will not stir the hatred
of the i>ast, nor share the acrimony of the
present, but who will lead us up toward the
future into a cloudless atmosphere of party
peace. The country called upon New York
for a man who measured up to the stature of
this lofty place, and New York answered with
a candidate who grew from - outh to man in
the humble walks cf life, who lived and
learned what all our common folk must live
and learn; a man who ripened with advancing
years in thf rich attainment of the law until
he went, by choice of those who knew him
best, to hold the even scale of Justice at the )
highest point of our great judicial system,
where with the masters who molded the State
and nation and the men who drive commerce
o'er the wheel of time, he surveyed to the very
ground every inch of this great republic, and
with expanding vision the material growth and
clory of his State.
The country called upon New York for a
man to fit this critical hour and place in our
national life, and New York answers with a
m^fi who puts against the strenuous sword
pfa>- of a swaggering administration a simple
faith in all the perfect power of the constitu
tion: a man who puts against an executive
republic the virtue of constitutional republic:
a man who puts against executive usurpation
a knowledge of and a deep love for the poise
and balance of its three great powers; a man
who puts against the stealthy hunt* "with the
big stick"' a faithful observance of constitu
tional restraint. The, country called upon New
York for a man of stainless character In pri
vate and public life, and New York answers
with a man whose path leads from the sweet
and simple fireside of his country home,
where h» enjoys the gentle companionship of
his family, to his labor and honor at the head
of one of the greatest crvurts in Christendom.
1 And new her<". through his active and usual
; life, has might but honest prais-3 found ut
terance on the lips of those who know him
best. If you ask me why he has been silent,
; I tell you II Is because he does not claim to
; be the "master of the Democratic party, but Is
content to b<» Its servant. If you nsk me why
h» ha* not outlined a policy for this conven
tion. I tell you that he does not believe that
rolicies should be dictated, but that sover
eignty of the party' Is in the untrammeled
judgment and wisdom of its members:. If you
a*k me what his policy will be If elected. I
\ tell you It will be that policy which finds ex
j pre-sion in th; platform of his party.
APPEALS TO COUNTRY.
With these as some of the claims upon your
corscience and judgment. New York comes
to you flushed with hope and pride. We ap
peal to the South, whose unclouded vision and
iron courage saw and fought the way for half
a century: wliose Jefferson awoke the dumb
defiance of development Into a voice that cried
cut to the world a curse upon th» rule of kings
and a blessing upon a new-born republic;
whose Mauisoi: translated the logic of events
and the law of progress Into the constitution
of th* country: whose Jackson reclaimed the
lost places of the Far South and Democratized
the politics of the nation, and whose soldiers
rhewod the wNtdering world the finest fruits
of bm!n and nerve and hearts that ripen In
her temperate sun. and who through all the
sons she lost and all the sons she saved and
all the teare she shed amid the sorrowful
ruins of war — and through all the patient
i loyalty and labor of after years so wrought
for human happiness that nil the world ex-
claims "Her greatness in ' peace is greater
than her valor in war." We appeal to you
of the old South and the new to join with us
in" this, contest of the supremacy of our party.
We appeal to the West, .whose frontier strug
gles carried our civilization to the Pacific
Slope, whose courage I conquered the plain and
forest, whose faithful labor has built beautiful
cities, clenr through to the Rockies, we appeal
to you as h« did ¦ follow your leadership
through eight long years of controversy, you
turn and follow.' him now, when victory
awaits us. We appeal to New England's faith
ful sentiment among her historic hills, in the
name of all her unfaltering and brilliant
Democrats, living and dead, to join us In our
labor for success. We appeal to every Demo
crat from everywhere to forget the bitter war
fare of the past; forget the strife and anger
of the older other days: abandon all the
grudga and rancor of party discontent and, re.
calling with ever increasing pride the tri
umphs of our fifty years of constitutional
government, of liberty and peace — here and
now resolve to make the future record that
resplendent reach of time In which liberty
and peace went up and down the nations of
the earth, building their kingdom In the hearts
of men and gathering the harvest of genius
and toil; in which reason struck from the
hand of force the sword of hate and plucked
from the heart of war the germ of greed; In
which conscience emote thoughts of wrong
and tilled the mind with mercy's sweet re
straint: In which power grew in the human
breln, but refuse the shelter of a glittering
crown; In which the people of all lands and
tongues, awakened to hose by the Inspiration
of our example, followed with the march of
yenrs the - luminous pathway leading to a
destiny beyond the reach of vision and within
the province of God. In this spirit New York
nominates for President of the United States
Alton B. Parker. » v.
not. the point is. it is past. If we intend to
settle here the question as to who was right
and who was wron^ then we are foredoomed
to fall. For if we did not settle It then, how
can we succeed now? If you tell me I was
willinsr and I tell you we are willing, and if
»•» thresh it out that is the end. But if you
tell ir.e npht or wrong, we meet again after
a short, sharp separation at the Democratic
altar »nd that we must clasp hands In a
natural alliance of Democratic faith and find
fOTne common ground upon which we i-ach may
Ftand with honor, I say it does net matter who
was wrong. The point is. we are together
again. The tcience of sensible government is !
founded on compromise. The Integrity of party ;
existence rests unon the homely rule cf meet
ing each other half way.
STRATEGY XOT A SIX.
A platform is not a photograph of party
fetth — it is a eompot-ite sketch of party com
promise. A policy is an approximation, not
a precise i»ian. It Is better to give up some
uiittmely doctrine and occasionally succeed
than to hold th?m all faithfully and always
fail, for if we could become master of a few
things we might become ruler over many.
To plan success in disregard of principle is
mere intrigue; to plan failure by holding to
an outlawed issue is mere folly. Winning is
not wicked; strategy is not a fin. It is far
better for the country to relight the fires o*
Democratic hope by success coming from con
cession than it Is to put out what is left by
failure fastened to a formula.
Gentlemen of the convention, we come to
gether in the historic valley of the Mississippi
at the time when united enemies ere making
patriotic pilgrimages io a shrine <>r<H-te.l hy
Democratic wisdom and foresight. Surely, as
you gather here, with the present breaking
upon your raptured vision and the '^sx filling
your heart with songs of _i<raisi"and joy;
surelv as you contemplate the commonwealth
filled with happy homes that stretch out in
bewildered sun to the southern seas and ro
call with unaffected pride that your party
gave this kingdom of wealth and courage to
the world's advancing reach: surely, here,
close to the quickened pulse of the great
southwestern giant* as he comes to strike
hands across the years with the spirit of the
eld dominion; here swept by the thrilling and
ennobling memories of the long ago, and in
spired by a spectacle which makes thes« mem
ories dearer and nobler still, surely you are
urged by every impulse and entreated by
every recollection to forever sink the differ
ences that' d if- tract and the causes that con
fuse and. gathering afresh from this exhaust
less headwater of our hope the spirit of fifty
years of ascending party faith, resolve to re
store our party to its Place of power and
pride In the hearts and affections of our coun
trymen. -^^
NEW YORK IS UNITED. *
The State of New Tcrk. barkening to the
demand of every quarter of the country, comes
to you united upon one who will bring p^ace
into our council, patriotism and power into
our campaign and success to our contest. I
pay New York is united, and' in f-aying ao I
deny the charge that has been spread broad
cast over the country that there i3 dissension.
In the convention whose instructions we de
light to obey there were two resolutions of
fered, and each of these Invites the country to
consider the fitness and character of our can
didate. The first was correct, the Democrats
of New York favor the nomination for Pres
ident of the United States of that distin
guished Democrat and eminent jurist of our
cwn State — Alton Brooks P.irker, and the
delegates- selected by this convention are here
by instructed to present and support such nom
ination at the approaching national conven
tion: and said delegates are hereby further In
structed to vote and act as a unit In all mat
ters pertaining to said convention, in accord
ance with the will of the majority of said
delegates. And this wax adopted.
The other resolution was:
Realizing that the electoral votes of New
York are absolutely essential to Democratic
success, we submit to our brethren throughout
the country that Alton B. Parker, a Democrat
in the prime of life, has been elected by a
majority of over .CO.000 to the chief position
in the judicial system of the Ptate. and for
over six years ha« discharged the duties of
his high office with eueh unvarying dignity,
such ability and scrupulous fidelity, that if
his term were to '¦xpire this year he would ¦
undoubtedly be chosen to succeed himself by
the concurring vote of all his fellow citizens.
Therefore I repeat that this Is the unanimous
voice of New York inviting the country to
consider the fitness, ability and availability of
LITTLETON
NOMINATES
NEW YORKER
CONSTANCY
OF HEARST
HIS THEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*. SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1904.
Spellbinders Laud the Many Virtues of
Sons of Their Respective States. |
NAMES OF PARKER AND HEARST PRESENTED FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONVENTION
Continued on Page 4« Column S.
ACCIDENTAL ' POISONING.— Eva Hart,
who accidentally took a dose of bichloride of
mercury by: mistake oa July 5, died at the
German Hospital early ' this morning.
RUSSIAN GUNS TAKEN.
LONDON. July 9. — The Tokio cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle
under date of July 8 says that the
Japanese captured over ten guns and
fifty prisoners near Kaiochou.
No other dispatches in confirmation
of the foregoing have been received.
3Time has not stalled 'him; years have not
ttlllei ULe; experience hm not toured him;
At the ' command of .his country he stood
before kings; he has circled the globe and
vteitM, officially, every civilised nation beneath
the nun and wltnewed the mighty pageants of
earth. Tct neither the. splendors of royalty
nor the magnificence of lnflwrlal power could
tempt his fealty to free institutions or lure
him from the path of democracy. With un
*hsk<^i faith in human nature, he cherishes
the ideals of his youth and the traditions of
the fathers of the republic Though he has
travrrrcd every land and sailed on every sea
yet he "loses, the while, this free cosmopolitan'
old friends, old themes and keeps his boyhood
dreams In sight." ¦ • -..-..
STOOD BEFORE KINGS.
In Ms solicitude for his fellow men, in his
anxiety for the - welfare of the whole people,
there Is profound affection for the human race
an undying devotion to those inctitutlons which
protect and shelter the weak and the poor
from cruelty, avarice and ambition.
Filial and fraternal, he pleads for hearth
and home and all the blessed ties of family
and friendship, and all the sacred sentiment**
and tender sympathies and exalted and reverent
virtues of domestic life. The hero of a hun
dred battle*, he emerges from a lifetime of
military service the nation's greatest cham
pion for peace. War has not blunted his sen
sibilities, perverted his sentiments or hardened
his heart, but it has developed in his great
heart pity and mercy, compassion and con
sideration.
Cicero has eald. "Grecian nations give the
honors of the gods to those men who have
ilsln tyrants," and shall we hesitate to crown
with the chaplt-t he has won him who slew
the dragons of the wilderness and conquered
th" demons of the desert?
Having pacified the plains he rose through
merit alone to the head of the army. To him
the armies of Spain surrendered. He liberated
Cuba and carried glad tidings of peace and
liberty to Porto Rico.
Having opened the desert to civilization,
with the eye of a prophet and the wisdom of a
? tst-fitian, he pointed out the way to remove
from Us parched and desolate face the old
despair and cause It to answer' the touch of
the tiller with glorious bloom, with ample
verdure and smiling plenty. While others were
dreaming and wondering, he told them how
Egypt, Assyria. Persia. India, China and
Japan sustained enormous populations by sci
entific and Judicious control of the natural sup
ply of water. And he has told us recently
that the- money squandered In mlagovernment
of so-called colon'^s would water all of our
arid lands or build highways for the whole
country.
A lover of nature, he pleads for trees ¦ and
field6 and fruits and harvests.
SAYS HE LIBERATED CUBA.
At the close of the Civil War the whole
plain for" hundreds of miles east of the Rocky
Mountains was covered with hostile Indians,
marauding, murdering, torturing, carrying de
vastation and der^alr In all directions and
ni2king the settlement and development of that
region ImDOSsible. The man I present was
sent against them. With sleepless vigilance,
with tireless energy, with consummate strat
es>\ with relentless purpose, with fortitude
unsurpassed in the annals of time, with cour
age that faced death at even* step, on moun
tain wilds and through waterless wastes,
where men, famishing, did taste their own
blood to Quench the awful thirst; through
southern sands and northern snows; through
storms that rocked the earth and hid the
sky, he and. his men pursu-1 and overthrew
the fierce Cheyenne, the terrible Sioux and
the bloody Apache, driving their broken rem
nants beyond the boundaries of the United
States; hurling Sitting Bull Into British Amer
ica and Gerouimo into Mexico and capturing
him th»n». thus breaking forever the power
of the barbarian, clearing the plains of the
cruel, implacable. . beleaguering savage and
evening their vast areas to the peaceful mil
lions who now inhabit them and the unnutn
btred millions who ehall follow. For this
Kit at service lie received the thanks of Ari
zona. New Mexico, Montana and Kansas.
•The Ktars," said Meaehren, "that blaze
upon his shoulders were called down from the
fkles by the magnetism of his sword," and
the great Grant bag declared in his memoirs
that this boyish chieftain was equal to the
part performed by himself.
A citizen 'warrior, he proved a hero, against
whose stem, unyielding front of steel and
flame the flower of a foe as brave as ever
bore arms was hurled, again and again, in
vain. Wounded at Fair Oaks, severely
wounded at Fredericksburg, desperately and
apparently mortally wounded at Chancellors
ville. borne from the field as If dead, with
crimson laurels thick upon him. he survived
1} flght on Mill more bloody fields and to re
ctlve the praises of every great captain of
the Civil War.
Sprung from that nursery of American no
bility, the American farm; descended from a
long line of devoted and heroic patriots; born
to an inheritance of lofty chivalry, at his
country's call he bounded to the battleflsld, a
flaming young Hercules.
Without a regular military education, at
first rejected as too young to be a captain.
In three years thereafter he was a major gen
eral.
David Overmeyer Wants Former
Commander of Army for President.
ST. LOUIS, July 8. — General Nel
son A. Miles was placed in nomina
tion for President by David Over-,
meyer, who said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention—I • nominate for President a son of
Massachusetts. He is also an adopted son of
the republic and a friend of mankind. A man
ot rreat ability, of great attainments and of
great achievements. A soldier, a statesman,
a publicist. A faithful servant who has
served his country long and well, who has
fought for his country, who has bled for his
country and who, through long years, periled
his life for his country and has' earned the
wreath of fame with which I ask you to deck
his noble brow.
NOMINATES GENERAL JULES
ST. LOUIS. July 8.— L. Irving Handy
placed Judge George Gray in nomina
tion for the head of the Democratic
ticket. Here's what he said:
Gt-ntli-men ot th* Convention: Delaware
ciilere to you her bruvet-t. noblest and best,
ours is a small Slate and it would be Idle
to invite you to come to Delaware for a Pies!-
Cuntial candidate merely to win our electoral
\"te. But this is not a competition between
btate? to determine which is largest or which
ifc treateFt. You are about to nominate not
• State, but a man. and 1 eubmit that It Is
better to take a great man from a little State
thtn a. iittle man from a Kreat State.
Not b'rcauFe he Is a Delawarean. although
*e exult in the knowledge that with us he
tio« ept-nt his life, but because he is gr«at and
Kood and true we present George Gray for
>our consideration and decision. We present
bim ac a cltUen of the United States. lor not
oil* ot all the State* lies outside the boundaries
Of hi* r>atriotism and as'ectlon.
Make him President and all the States which
lie within the four corners of our continental
domain will find that this man, who merely
httTttW to be a resident of Delaware, is In
truth as broad a« the continent in his sym
1 : !..-s and •¦_:"... K.
Nfw York <an nnj in him a candidate close
to the hearts of her Democratic voters and
yet tr*** from all factional bitterness and party
division-?. Hi« election to the Presidency
%-t.uld tie the triumph of no particular part
of our party in that great commonwealth, but
victory fur" the whole Democracy in the Em
pire *-"tate.
Nebraska might well be content to see him
takt our tanner from the hands of her heroic
mtm who has twice gallantly carried it in
tht great fight, and rejoice to see that old
t>i.r.ncr in these new hands on a kinder day
er.d fairer fi«d. carried to a complete anj
lattinc victory — content because the Dela
varean. like the Nebrar-kan. Is a man of i>rln
i iple. not merely a man of policy, a man
¦whose hope and faith and aeylration are in
the treat masses of the common people, and
an President his concern would be flrat to
I rotect the rights and conserve the interests
«•>! the tioople whom God made. Instead of using
t!:e government to promote unduly the persons
r.iatle Jiy act of legislature, commonly called
corioratirn*.
1JOXE OF THEIR BOXE.
TT»» Southern States might well rejoice to
Bee him in the Presidential chair. He is blood
ef their blood and bone of their bone. In
linchty dfliate in the United States Senate It
v.*m his true blade that slew outright once
*r.J f.irevtr the rroDosltlon to fetter, by a
rouse btU. the Southern people who were
t-trug£ling facr to face with the most threat
ening cendi tiers that men ever confronted
under free Iru-Uiutions. He does not live too
ur youth to be fleeted to the Presidency at
this time, but he is far enouph South to under-
Hand and appreciate the conditions which ob
tMia in that bread, fair and hopeful portion of
our common country. And I may say to the
JCorth. to tbe East and to the Wtat, that with
this citizen of the I'nited States Jn the Presi
<J<;r.ttai office, they -will each have a man of
tUeir own. In like manner and with manifest
truth I «ay ta you of th* Southern States, that
•*«*¦ ith htm you. too. trill have a man ot your
own once more in the Whit« House.
Not only the states which have a rieht to
cast clr-rtoral votes tvf"*uld be bfrsised by cucb
a President, but the islands of the sea would
learn to Mess hi* name. He believes In the
riphts of man. He believes in home rule.
Me has a passion tar human liberty. He wants
tu tee a'.l rmn given an onnirtunity fcr sf lf
jrovemmoTit. Make him President and he will
find" a way by which every interest of this
country will b« protected and safe-ruarded.
and law and order insured, and yet the little
1-rown men of the distant islands will be per
mitted to taste at laft the sweets of human
liberty and home rule. They will know op
l>rets->rs no more, and oppression itself will
become in the Philippines like an evil dream
which han passed.
All the nations of the earth will learn to
hold htm in honor because he will walk in
the path at peace. No rough rid»r he: His
ideal It- of a hapry. prosperous, contented
l*f>p!e. He would seek no bloody glory, in
which quest treasure is pour<^l out. young
Uves cut short and public conscience blunted.
The truest tyrr.bol of our glory In hi» eyes
would be a freeman beneath his own vine
»n<l fig tree, with hie family about him. after
the toll of the <lay. with none to molest or
make him afraid, and with no predatory trust
licensed to take- from him a part of his daily
¦wage. To realize such an ideal requires no
Ki-«>at Ftandine army, and the pursuit of it
will lead to no International disputes or for
eign ware. It reculrfs but honor and friend
ship abroad; Justice and equality at home.
HIS PERSONAL FITNTESS.
I do not need to tell of the personal fitnej>»
of Georc* Gray for the great offlc* of Presi
dent. Tou know it. The country knows it. He
has lived in th* white light of publicity for
twenty years. His public services have bten
dlMlTigutehd and known to all men.
Four fourteen years he was in the Senate,
elected t>y Delaware, but serving the whole
TTnited States. That srrvice was the steady,
cairn, convincing service of a Icfty patriot
and true Democrat. With an intellect of the
first order, guided by a Judgment calm and
rur<*-toou-d, he won the admiration and confi
dence of our country.
He served on the commission which made
p*are with Spain, and we all know now that
It would have been well with our country
if his patriotic advice onn<-ernlng the terms
of that treaty— so earnestly and eloquently
•urred— ha<1 been heeded ty the Government
T'pon the bench. Judge Gray, as lawyers
know, ha* taken rank eijual to any of " the
illustrious men who adorn the Federal iudl
clary.
Whn rhall measure the service hi* rendered
the p-wpl* of thin whole land In e'ttllpg the
rreat anthracite coal Mrtke as chairman of
the Commission of Arbitration? Organized
PRIVATE LIFE PURE.
His neighbors know him even better than
the country, and among them there is but
fne voice. His private life is as pure as a
spring on the mountain side, with clear. gush-
Ing water frcm the living rock. With cour
age as keen as the Damascus blade, with
heart of pure gold, with life dedicated to
the public good, power cannot overawe him
nor wealth corrupt him. Trained and sea
soned by experience and service in lofty pub
lic station, yet In the full vigor and power of
magnificent manhood, he stands ready to your
hand to make a great and moderate Presi
dent.
With all his other qualities to win approval,
he nan the winning trait of society. Ht is
not ambltous. He does not seek or desre
the Presidency. He would prefer others to
himself. We name him here as a candidate
for President not because he longs for the
place or desires to wield itsi mighty power,
but because Democracy needs him and the
country needs him.
George Gray is a man entwined with vic
tory. Inscribe that name upon your ban
ners and faction will hush, dissension cease.
Hit* nomination here means your triumph in
November.
Delaware, small in size, has been called
the Diamond State. We know not why unless
it be in cvmpliment to the manhood of some
of the public men who have adorned and
bejeweled her history- We offer you, to be
set In the glorious crown of Democracy, a
diamond of purest ray. flashing in every direc
tion the precious creed of equal rights. He Is
a cut and polished stone without a flaw. Where
can you find one of equal weight and bril
liancy? We offer in every truth a man of
dauntless courage, faultless patriotism and un
compromising Democracy.
The elements
So mixed In him that Nature may stand up
And say to all the world. "This Is a Man!"
Gentlemen of the Convention. Delaware nom
inates the Honorable George Gray.
labor knew him and organized capital knew
him. and when his wcrk was done they united
in the cry: "Behold a Just and fearless man!"
Gentlemen, the whole country knows him
as you know him. His character Is not con
cealed. Hi* opinions are wrapped In no mys
tery. Silence does net hedge him around
about. His fltners Is, like a city set upon a
hill which cannot be hid.
It has been Bald, and truly said, that no
campaign ever decides more than one Issue.
Wliat. then. Is the Issue which divides to-day
the Democratic and Republican parties? What
Is the fundamental principle upon which they
are In antagonism? What is the essential
thing which Democracy stands for and which
Republicanism antagonizes? Is It a question
of tariffs or of tariff revision? A question
of standards of money? A question of regu
lating the currency or controlling the banks?
A question of expansion or of Imperialism?
So. Important as those are the question is
greater than any or all of these. It includes
thtm all. it Is true, but It Includes much more.
It Is a question which touches the very foun
drtions of our Institutions and strikes at the
very existence of our government. Let euphe
mistic babblers gloss over as they may; let
trimmers who shift their sail to every political
breeze that blows evade it as they can; let
time servers who usurp the name of Dem
ocracy sneer at It as they will, still the ques
tion which confronts the American people to
day — which has confronted them with ever
growing inrlHtence since the Civil War — Is
whether this Government shall be carried on
for the benefit of the people and of the whole
people or whether it shall be manipulated for
thei benefit of a privileged class — whether Its
great departments, executive and judicial, shall
be perpetuated for the protection of the equal
rights of all or whether they shall be per-
SPEAKS OF ISSUE.
insisting upon Justlc? for the black man, has
• t a face of flint against all attempts of Re
publican schemers to clothe him with author
ity or to Impose him as an official over people
in whose memory the humiliation, the horrors
and the untold agonies of reconstruction
measures are still fresh. You know him as one
who confident that the problem which, amid
fields devastated and homes made desolate by
th? hand of war. has come to you as a dread
legacy of the past. Is a problem which you
alone are competent to deal wW, and dealing
with it tbe Government should let the South
alone. You know him as one who by unceas
ing anneals to their Judcment and sense of
justice has obtained from the best men of the
North that sympathy for the South which the
evfr-to-be-lamcnted Grady had pleaded for in
vain in tbe very heart of Massachusetts.
Gentlemen of the convention, men of the
North and of the South, of the East and of
the West — accredited representatives of the
Democracy — to you I say: Should your nom
inee be a man whose views on public ques
tions ar» known, a man whose attitude on the
questions which at this time confront the
American people accords with the principles
of your party? If he should, where will there
be found one equal to him whose cause we are
here to advocate?
"I ¦ hope wo shall crush In Its birth the
aristocracy of Our moneyed corporations, which
dare already to challenge our Government to a
trial of strength and bid defiance to thf> laws
of our country" — of him whose .cardinal
maxim was "equal rights for all, special
privileges for none," of him whose life was
one Incessant battle wased against the oppres
sion of the many for the benefit of the few.
QUOTES JEFFERSOX.
Gentlemen of the convention, if this is not
the paramount Issue of this campaign, what
is the Issue? If this is not the fundamental
question upon which the two parties differ, in
what do they differ? If the Republican party
does not stand to-day as the party of the priv
ileged classes and as the exponent of the
money power, for what does it stand? *And if
the Democratic party does not represent the
antithesis of all this, what does It represent?
If the cause of the people — of the plain peo-'
P le — of the unnumbered multitudes who each
morning implore heaven to give them their
dally bread, and who by daily toll earn the
right to the fulfillment of their prayer. Is not
the cause of Democracy, what Is Its cause? If
Its mission is not to defend the equal rights
of those who constitute the countless hosts of
labor — not of labor In a narrow or restricted
sense, not of labor confined to those only who
receive a dally wage, not of labor organized
In guilds of union alone, but of labor in its
broad and catholic sense — of labor which In
cludes all those who work with hand or brain,
and j who, whether In fields of waving grain,
In the glare of the forge, in the smoke of the
furnace, amid the whirr of ever restless
wheels, in the depths of mines, in the mephitlc
air of colliers, upon the decks of floating
crafts, at the desk of' the counting house, in
the chemist's laboratory, among the books of
the lawyer's library. In the merchant's shop,
else forever upon the earth may be found
those who fulfilled the great Creator's law
that man. shall eat his bread In the sweat of
his brow — If, I say, to defend the equal rights
of these, the unprivileged and the less favored,
be not the mission of Democracy, what mis
sion has It? If to protect them from the
schemes of spoliation and plunder of syndi
cated wealth Is not the Justification for Its
existence, what Justification has It to exist?
Aye, gentlemen. If the cause of the plain peo
ple is not the cause to which you are pledged,
devoted, consecrated by the very name you
bear, by what title do you call yourselves
Democrats? By what right do you usurp the
name of him whose memories you profess to
venerate, whose precepts you approve in your
platforms, whose example you claim to emu
late, by what right do you style yourselves
followers of him who said:
PLAIX PEOPLE'S CAUSE.
verted into the plastic Instruments of syndi
cated capital.
Unswerving In his devotion to these prin
ciples, . constant as the needle to the pole in
his purpose, he stands before the American
people to-day. And as surely as, in spite of
the opposition of the monarchical followers of
Hamilton, as surely as. In spite of the enmity
of the United States bank fame has inscribed
upon the roll of the chief magistrates of the
republic the, names of Jefferson and Jackson,
so surely, in spite of the obstruction of syndi
cated capital, will It there inscribe the name
of — beneficent and undying genius of Dem
ocracy, thus that In the end has ever ruled
destinies of mankind, speak thou. speak, till
tho valleys and the plains shall ring again;
speak till every mountain peak shall find a
tongue to proclaim, even to the uttermost con
fines of the republic, the name of the uncon
quered antagonist of all schemes by which
men. trampling every right and Justice under
foot, builds his eminence upon oppression and
wrong; the name of the foremost living ad
vocate of the equality of man, to which the
fathers of old consecrated their Uves upon the
bloodstained fields of the Revolution, the name
of the champion of the rights of toil, the
foe of privilege and monopoly, the friend of
all who labor and are heavy laden — the name
of William Randolph Hearst.
"I have always devoted my energy and
ability, whatever they may be, to the cause
of the Plain people, and I shall continue to
do so. The laws must now be applied and
where necessary must be strengthened to pro
tect the people against that powerful and un
scrupulous criminal combination known as a
trust."
Not among those shall our candidate be
found. His political practice and political
creed find fitting expression In his address ac
cepting his nomination for Congress, where, In
words that Jefferson might have uttered, he
said:
HEARST IS NAMED.
I repeat It, sirs, if the cause of the un
privileged and the l«ss favored be not your
cause: If to secure them equal rights be not
your mission; if to protect them against the
oppression of syndicated capital be not the
Justification of your existence as a party, aye,
sirs. If you are here to-day bent upon outdoing
Republicans in truculent subserviency of Re
publicjns to the money oligarchies of Wall
street; If you are here tremulous with ap
prehension for fear of giving them offense; if
you are cherishing the hope of placating their
antagonism, winning their favor by sub
serviency • and regaining office and place by
the aid of their influence and the corrupting
power of their gold; if the party has sunk so
low. if it has reached this depth of contempt
ible degeneracy, rise from thy grave, immortal
spirit that sleopeth under the sod of Monti
cello, ri3e, rite and rebuke the .recreant
Democracy which, with hypocrisy In Its heart
and with a lie upon its lips, dares usurp the
name of Jefferson.
Continued From Page 3, Column 7.
L. Irving Handy Places the Noted Jurist
in Nomination as an Ideal
Democratic Standard-
Bearer.
SAYS THAT JUDGE GRAY
IS A GREAT MAN FROM
A VERY LITTLE STATE
Mr. Chairman, Gentlemen of the Convention:
We are here to-day : to present to. the country
a winning issue and a winning candidate. The
dcrr.lnant issue In this campaign is the same
issue that has - been dominant In every cam
paign In history- It is an issue that Involves
all other Issues and is as old as creation itself;
an issue that formed the first plank in the
first platform of the Almighty when he said,
"By the- sweat of thy face shall thou eat
bread"; and that issue was reaffirmed at a
later period when ¦ he said. "Six days f halt
thou labor and do all thy work": an Issue
that had for its first champion no less a
leader than the great and tender Christ, who
said. "The . laborer Is worthy of his hire." •
The man who deserves the nomination of
this convention knows that .a laborer Is some
thing more than the minion of a money mag
nate, who fattens on his brawn; something
mere than a retainer for the trust baron who
lives in a castle built by the exactions of a
robber tariff; something more than the lackey
ot some lord of lucre whose slightest wish Is
law and whose command becomes the sentence
of t)»e. highest court; something more than
an Industrie 1 peon who must submit .to rob
bery perpetually without protection, envying
the thief who picks bis pocket most artistically
ST. LOUIS, July 8. — In a* Bhort
speech full of scriptural quotations
Relnhart of- Iowa seconded W. R.
Hearst's nomination. He said:
In Seconding Hearst Iowan Resorts to
Use of Scripture.
? RE1NHART QUOTES BIBLE.
The Democracy of Florida desire the nomi
nation of Hearst because the paramount Issue
to-day Is the trust question, and William R.
Hearst is the most persistent and aggressive
opponent of the trusts and all of the hardships
and evils attendant upon their unrestrained
oppressions of the people. The Democracy of
Florida desire the nomination of Hearst be
cause we believe that he Is the only man who
can carry Into the Democratic column the
rlvotal States of New York and Illinois and
which are essential to Democratic success, and
Democratic success only <ran rescue the South
from the degradation of RooseveltlFm and ne
grolsm. We know that there are distinguished
gentlemen here from the State of New York
who loudly proclaim that Judge Parker alone
amons all of tho candidates can carry New
ly ork. It la wovthy of the consideration of
this convention that the leaders of thU
coterie are the very gentlemen who In IS!):!
as vigorously protested at Chicago against the
nomination of Cleveland and who as confi
dently predicted that the nomination of Cleve
land meant the loss of the State of New York
to - the Democratic party. We believe that
these gentlemen are as badly mistaken to-day
in their assertion that Parker and Parker
alone can carry New York as they were in
18!>2 in their prediction that Cleveland could
not. We twlleve that Hearst can and will
carry New York if this convention makes him
the standard bearer of the Democratic party.
ST. LOUIS. July 8. — John S. Beard
of Florida, in behalf of himself and
four delegates, 'seconded the nomina
tion of W. R. Hearst. He said:
Gentlemen of the Convention: In tiie name
of four delegates from the State of Florida,
who in my Judgment represent the overwhelm
ing Democratic sentiment of my State, I sec
ond the nomination of William Randolph
Hearst.
Florldan Sounds the Praises of the
Man From California.
BEARD SECONDS HEARST.
ST. LOUIS. July 8.— Great uncertain
ty still exists concerning the Vice
Presidential nomination. The same
candidates who have heretofore keen
mentioned are still mentioned, and
some are being pushed with a great
deal of earnestness. No one man has
been yet singled out by the leaders and
large delegations to be supported for
the second place. There seems to be
a desire to select a man from Illinois,
Indiana or Ohio, if possible.
The Western men have secured quite
a large number of delegations to sup
port former Senator George Turner of
Washington.
UNCERTAINTY EXISTS.
The empire State of the South, Mr. Chair
man, seconds the nomination of the favorite
son of the empire State of tbe North and
prophesies victory In November with Alton B.
Parker u tbe standard bearec
Across the continent, from the woods of
Maine to the peach-covered hills of Georgia,
where the ripening Elbertas are being kissed
into golden color by the sunlight, there is a
trusting confidence of a people confidently
awaiting the tidings of Judge Parker's nom
ination. /¦
Let us meet In a spirit of fraternity and
carry out the will of the people.
Let us plead again in favor of the I Demo
cratic party In which we have planted our
faith.
Let us remember to-day that we are gath
ered together to carry out the will of the
people; that their voice Is sovereign; that
they are the final tribunal. What is the will
of the people? Certainly if the delegates
ever knew the man whom the file and rank
of the Democratic party wanted them to nom
inate they know to-day. No organized move
ment was ever behind a candidacy of Judge
Parker. The people, having learned of him,
trusted him and felt an unbounded confidence
in him. ¦ .
No man can doubt that the vast majority
of the people will turn from the restlessness
and uncertainty of the present administration
toward Alton B. Parker with a feeling of
restfulness and hope.
PARKER, INSPIRES HOPE.
This instructed Georgia delegation was the
beginning of the tidal wave which has swept
the States and Insures to-day the nomination
of the (treat New Yorker.
Georgia Is rlad to-day to second the nom
ination of one whose strength of character and
simplicity of life have endeared him to the
American people. A learned Jurist who
glories In the recreation of his rural home,
where on his farm he finds delight tn honest
pursuits followed by the great mass of the
American people; 'a man whose name has be
come the synomym of victory; one whom the
people have tried and approved, whose honesty,
ability and statesmanship have stood the test,
and who «eems to meet the emergency of the
hour to fill all the requirements ot an ideal
leader of a great party.
We found such a leader. Georgia claims tfre
honor. The Empire State of the North, with
her favorite son. shall reap the fruit of this
convention, but It was th? county of Lincoln.
In the State of Georgia, which first 'instructed
a delegate to vote 'first, last and all the time
for Alton B. Parker of New York.
Realizing the bright prospects of victory in
10O4, the South began early solution of the
problems of selecting the strongest leader for
Democracy's standard bearer. We believe that
we have selected wisely and well. We looked
for a leader with a clean life, possessed of a
wife conservatism and a broad statesmanship;
one who stood by Democracy in sunshine and
shadow; was equally loyal to the party In
stormy hours of defeat and in the brighter
days of victory.
PROSPECTS OF VICTORY.
ST. LOUIS. July 8. — Moses Wright
of Georgia, in seconding the P&rker
nomination, spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: It was claimed In a. recent national con
vention that Georgia blood coursed in the veins
of the nominee of the Republican party. This
may be true, but with Georgians Democracy is
thicker than blood. We bring to you to-day
the message that from among the old red hills
of Georgia there will come later tidings of
Democratic victory for 19(H surpassing all the
glorious achievements of the past.
In striking contrast with the solemn occa
sion when our Republican friends met and
"stood pat" is the genuine enthusiasm of this
great gathering. The spirit which gives birth
to this enthusiasm Is the spirit of victory.
The emiles of contentment which we wear to-day
arc in contemplation of the political harvest
which we expect to reap in the fall. As for
our Republican friends, the frost seemed to
fall In the early summer convention, and their
prophecies were blighted ere the autumn hours.
We shall demonstrate to those who have pre
dicted discord that ours will be a united party
Joined In harmonious flght against the enemy
We shall present to the American people a
platform which declares the will of the party
fearlessly and with no uncertainty; which bold
ly attacks the injustice and unfairness of the
Republican policy and offers a remedy therefor.
The platform we offer strikes a death blow to
the unlawful trusts and to the unjust tariff
which fosters and protects them.
We go to the people with a policy which
knows no discrimination. North, South: East
or. West, but is tender In Its consideration of
the rights of every section under the American
flag.
Moses Wright Says the South Wants
Parker for President,
THICKER THAN BLOOD.
PHILADELPHIA. July S.— The Pub
lic Ledger to-morrow will publish the
following (Jispatch under an Esopus,
N. Y., date:
"In conversation with a visitor to
day Judge Parker Intimated that in
certain contingencies he migrht an
nounce himself as differing fi-om th»
platform of his party."
This intimation assumes considerable
importance in view of the action taken
at St. Louis on the gold plank as at
first proposed. It probably means that
Parker in his letter of acceptance xvill
seek to remove the failure of the con
vention to venture a declaration on
this important subject.
Judge Parker's expression, though
somewhat guarded, left no room for
doubt that he had some particular mat
ter in mind and that he fully felt th«5
necessity of clearly defining before the
people the cause which he is to repre
sent as a candidate at the polls.
MAY XOT AGREE.
In tbe name of the Issue of human rights
which was first spoken Into being by the
omnipotent flat of Jehovah, and In behalf of
the millions of the people in this country who
earn their bread by the sweat of their faces.
I second the nomination of a man who em
bodies all the potentialities that make a great
champion of the people — a faithful and efficient
servant of the average man. I second the
nomination of a man great enough to know
the Issue and courageous enough to meet It;
a man who for twenty years has fought the
Koori fight and kept the faith; who has been
in the forefront of every battle for humanity;
who has endured the hottest fire of the enemy
without flinching, and from whom all the
poisoned shafts of malicious envy and malig
nant calumny have glanced harmlessly because
he wears the armor of eternal right. I second
the nomination of William Randolph Hearst.
and voting him Into office as a reward for
his deft touch. He will have more regard
for the thousand girls who toll in a factory
than he has for the owner of the factory who
lives in a palace and negotiates a decayed
foreign title In exchange for the virtue of his
daughter.
A man whose personality and whose career
will arrest the attention and challenge the ad
miration of the people. If we nominate an
unknown or prosaic candidate, titled medioc
rity and counterfeit greatness will continue to
call' forth the applause of the multitude;
The man who fills In full measure the re
quirements of the hour Is General Nelson A.
Miles. It nominated he will be the candidate
of no faction, but of the -whole Democratic
party and all patriots.. He will receive the
vote of every Democrat In the United States.
He will receive the independent vote, the antl
lmperiallst peace vote and tbe good citizen
vote. He will receive the votes of all those
(and they are legion) who resent the attempt
of the acting President, to degrade and dis
honor him, and to degrade and dishonor other
illustrious men who have earned the praise
and lasting gratitude of their countrymen.
His name will warm the hearts and stir the
blood of every comrade of the Civil War
They will recognize In his candidacy their last
opportunity to vote for on? of their own for
the great office of President. His candidacy
will arouse" the. generous, chlvalrlc spirit of
•very man wbo wore tbe gray. Wltb sucb a
CANDIDATE OF NO FACTION.
He believes' that we should have a navy
sufficient tc defend our extensive coasts and
protect the rights of our people and our coun
try tverywh«re: but he believes also that upon
every ship should be written "Millions for de
fense, but net one cent for conquest." He be
lkves In the economic doctrines of the Demo
cratic • party. He believes that there should
be no tax except for a public purpose. He
believes that the Industry and substance of
the people should not be exploited by criminal
combinations; that the law against conspiracies
in restraint of trade should be enforced and
that offenders should be punished. He be
lieves that labor is the base of the social
system; that the base cannot be despised;
that the laborers and producers are the salt
oC the earth, that their broad shoulders and
strong arms support the whole fabric of civ
ilization, that they constitute the great body
of the people and must never be enslaved.
That property has rights also, but that the
maintenance of those rights does not require
that a limited and constantly diminishing num
ber of persons shall be permitted to monopolize
all of the property of the country; Or that a
pampered banditti shall be permitted to defy
the laws, absorb all wealth and enslave the
people.
He believes, with the Immortal Washington,
that the mission of the republic Is peace,
justice and liberty. That we must teach peace
by being peaceful, and we must teach justice
by being Just; that we must teach liberty by
maintaining our own liberties and by never
denying liberty to any people. He believes
that this nation has been a world power from
its birth, that It was a world power when that
old bell rang out from Independence Hall,"
liberty throughout the land and to all the
inhabitants thereof. That It was a world
power when by the force of Its example It
caused republics to take the place of mon
archies in all South America. Central Amer
ica and Mexico. . That It was a world power
when by the force of Its- example it caused the
great French revolution, shattered absolutism
and gave to i continental Europe, except Rus
sia, constitutional government. That It was
a world power when It Inspired Japan, glorious
Japan, to cast away the cruel bauble of au
tocracy and adopt a free constitution, based
upon the principles of democracy. That for
more than a hundred years It has been such
a great world power. Its light has so shown
in the world that it has attracted to these
shores the oppressed of all nations, drawn to
this country by the Justice of its taws and
the magnanimity of its character. But It has
not been an imperial world power, and only
the enemies of liberty would have It so.' It
has been a democratic power, a republican
world power; the mother of republics, the
fountain of democracy and the home of "lib
erty .enlightening the world." Our candidate
must be a man against whom no faction will
v,age war; he must be a man whose eminence,
experience and ability are a guarantee of his
fitness for the Presidency.
WHAT MILES BELIEVES.
the tolls, the otruggle». the trials of life have
neither weakened nor wearied him.
He is known to the country and to the
world. He Is famous. He Is renowned. H«
is admired and loved by his countrymen. Strong
and cheertil, firm yet kind, affable yet dig
nified, stern yet tender, possessed of a com
prehensive mind and wide Information; accus
tomed to deep reflection: of gentle manners
and engaging, fascinating and noble presence,
h» bears the stamp of an extraordinary man,
whose splendid equipment and towering per
sonality mark him for the gravest duties, the
noblest service and the highest honors. .
Born and reared In the' East, his long serv
ice brought him In contact with the West
for more than a quarter of a century. No
man knows more of the West, its needs, • its
sympathies and its aspirations; and no man
knows the whole country any better than he.
A born Democrat, he'is In full sympathy* with
the Democratic party and lt« principles. An
anti-Imperialist, an antl-monopollst. devoted to
the constitution, an heroic patriot, he stands
forth the peer of any man of this age.
He believes that there can be no Just taxa
tion without representation, that the people
of the Philippine Inlands should govern them
selves. "That they who deny liberty to* others
do not deserve it for themselves, and under
a just God will not long , retain it." That
the great republic cannot ' hold millions of
people permanently In bondage without losing,
first. Its political character, and ultimately Its
political life. That we should renounce at
once and forever the dangerous and deathly
doctrine of imperialism, and that 200 days
is sufficient time In which to set the Filipinos
free. He believes that the constitution follows
the flag; that the rights guaranteed by th«
constitution are Inviolable wherever the flag
symbolizes the civil power of the United
States; and that the right of trial by Jury
U sacred wherever the United States main
tains civil government. ¦ He believes that the
military should be kept In strict subordination
to the civil power. That an injury to one Is
ths concern of all:. that military despotism In
Colorado menace? the rights of every American
citizen and is ominous of a reaction which may
blot out the liberties of all men.
man as ex-Senator Harris for Vice President
the ticket would make an epoch In our his
tory. United In their wider comradeship of
American valor, now the proud heritage of
the whole American people, the survivors of
that great struggle, both North and South,
would rally • to the Democratic standard al
most to a man. The one man whom the Repub
licans fear Is Miles. The one' man' whom the
White House fears Is Miles. They fear him
because the envious shaft aimed at his heart
by the acting President fell harmless at his
feet, and they fear Its rebound If he la nomi
nated. They fear him because of his record,
because of his personality, because the splen
dor of his career and the grandeur of his char
acter would so outshine the acting President
as to. pale his boasted, exploits into utter in
significance. Any honest Democrat can carry
the South. Miles can , carry not » Only New
York, and .New Jersey, but Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, . Connecticut and New " Hamp
shire. He can carry Indiana, Illinois and Wis
consin. He can carry the Pacific States .and
the mountain States. He can carry Nebraska
and he can carry Kansas.
The people want for their President a man
clean-hearted and hlgh-souled; a man upright
and honest of purpose, with ability of high
order. -They don't want -a madman. They
don't want a wild man. They don't want a
man possessed of illusions or possessed by il
lusions. They don't want a man whose vault-
Ing ambition would burst all bounds and sun
der all restraints and plunge the nation into
needless dangers and inflict upon the people
needless sufferings and sacrifices.
They want a man whom they can love and
trust and admire for his manhood, for his
Judgment, for his humanity, for. his Integrity,
for his stainless life, for his preat career, for
his kind heart, for his sound head, for his
democratic Instincts and for his love of liberty.
A man who will restore the constitution, re
vive the old veracity, enforce the laws, re-es
tablish justice, Kf>vpr the head of monopoly and
privilege and break the chain and set the
captive free and proclaim onee more. "Peace,
commerce and honest friendship with all na
tions, entangling alliances with none."
I nominate for President that peerless pa
triot, soldier and statesman, that noble, that
incorruptible, that Illustrious citizen. General
Nelson A. Miles.
The speaker worked himself into a
high pitch of excitement as with white
lace and ringing voice he drew a nie-
He passed on to the color question
and declared that when the black or
yellow races came into contact with
white people, if that race would not
commit suicide, it must remain abso
lutely distinct. A shout from the
Southern delegations greeted this. He
declared that Booker T. Washington
would outlive his undoubted useful
ness if he did not cease to heed the
teaihings of the Republican party.
He urged the men of the West and
North to refrain from oppressing the
South by advocating anything that
tended to obliterate the racial lines. He
deprecated the fact in the Republican
convention that one man had risen to
speak against the plank in that party's
platform which urged a reduction of
Southern representation in Congress
because of alleged disfranchlsement of
voters in the South.
Hobson accepted the invitation and
made his way from the Alabama dele
gation to the platform. He was greet
ed with a round of applause and the
usual cries of "louder" when he had
uttered but a few words. He compiled
promptly with the request and reveal
ed the best and strongest voice that
has been heard in the convention.
"What President has been brave
enough to enforce the law against the
labor union violator of law?" It was
a Democratic President, he said, and
applause greeted the assertion.
By 11 o'clock the torrid temperature
in the hall moderated materially, the
result being due to a heavy rainstorm
that passed over the city. The relief,
while not great,- was sufficient to add
decidedly to the comfort of the crowd
that packed the hall. t
When the roll call was finished,
Chairman Clark, who was displaying
decided ability in keeping up the in
terest of the convention during the
tedious wait for word of some kind
from the committee on resolutions,
called on the band to play "America."
His wishes were carried out. the en
tire convention rising and singing two
stanzas of the song. A motion was
made and carried out that Richmond
Pearson Hobson of Alabama be in
vited to address the convention.
HOBSON* TAKES PLATFORM.
"The clerk will call the roll," said
the chairman, "for the list of honorary
vice presidents," and the calling of the
roll, designed more for the purpose of
keeping the convention quiet by giving
something to do, proceeded with de
liberation.
Delegate J. C. Shepard of South
Carolina created a wild shout by de
claring that the convention wanted
to hear Bourke Cockran speak.
¦ After quiet had been restored it was
stated that Cockran was not in the
hall. A demand for C. A. Towne, "the
silver-tongued orator," was made, but
Towne declined to respond.
In the anxiety to learn when the
committee on resolutions would be
ready to report the list of national
committeemen had not been confirmed
and the oversight was remedied by a
motion which was carried by a viva
voce vote and th procedure straight
ened out.
The Pennsylvania delegation arose
and saluted the announcement of J.
M. Guffey as their national committee
man.
A call for the committee to meet at
the Jefferson Hotel as soon as the
convention adjourns sine die was
made.
Another call was made for the re
port of the committee on resolutions.
As the call did n6t bring any result,
the secretaries of the convention be
gan to work the telephone vigorously
in an effort to put the chairman of the
convention in touch with the chair
man of the committee, in order to find
out when he would be ready with his
report.
BOURKE COCKRAN" WANTED.:
Representative Ollie James of Ken
tucky moved that ' a committee be
appointed -by the chair to -wait on
the committee and ascertain when it
would be ready to report. This mo
tion received a second, and was car
ried without delay. Chairman Clark
named James H. Clayton of Alabama
and T. H. Ball of Texas as the commit
tee.
The delegates and spectators at once
arose and stood during" the convoca
tion. *
At the conclusion of the prayer an
announcement was made at the order
of Chairman Clark that he was de
termined to have order, and "that any
person raising a row will be taken
out by the police."
A demand was made for a report of
the resolutions committee. As no re
port was forthcoming it was determ
ined to call the roll of the States for
the purpose of having the names of
the next national committee an
nounced. There were cheers at the
announcement of the name of Robert
D. Sullivan as committeeman of Illi
nois, but the demonstration assumed
still larger proportions at the mention
of Thomas Taggart of Indiana, which
followed.
of the unreadiness of that committee
to appear with its Important document
and the waiting continued.
At 10:48 a. m. Chairman Clark
arose and let fall his huge gavel. The
clerk picked up a megaphone and
announced that the session would
begin with prayer by Rabbi Samuel
Sate of St. Louis.
Great applause and cheers greeted
this statement, and as soon as James
could be heard again he continued:
"New York, Nebraska, Virginia and
Wisconsin have all Joined hands, and
will bring in a platform that will carry
us to a glorious victory in November."
Again the convention voiced its pleas
ure at the news and a mighty shout
went up.
James followed his last announce
ment at once with a motion to adjourn
until 8 o'clock to-night. A second was
at once heard and the motion was car
ried, the session closing at 11:53 o'clock.
"Your committee appointed to wait
upon the resolutions committee report
that they have discharged that duty.
The committee inform us that they will
be unable to report to this convention
until 8 o'clock to-night, at which time
they will bring in a unanimous report,
signed by every member of the com
mittee."
The committee, headed by Repre
sentative Ollie James, which had been
dispatched to the rooms of the resolu
tions committee presented its report,
and James was introduced amid ap
plause. His announcement was:
The speaker finished and the band,
following him close up, played "The
Star-Spangled Banner" and then swung
into "Dixie," which received more than
the usual tribute.
CLARK BREAKS GAVEL HAXDLE.
In his efforts to secure order Chair
man Clark broke his gavel handle
short off.
ture of the approaching battle between
the parties and. concluded with the
words, "Let us make the Republicans
name the battlefield and let us make
them call it 'Waterloo.' "
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY 9, 1904.
CANDIDATES FOR PRESIDENCY PLACED IN NOMINATION BY DISTINGUISHED ORATORS
San Francisco Attorney Places Editor in Nomination for the Presidency and
Grows Elcquent in Discussing the Candidate's Virtues and
Quality of His Democracy.
DELMAS COMPARES THE CONSTANCY
OF W. R. HEARST TO NORTH STAR
Captain Richmond P. Hobson of Merri
mac Fame Proves Possessor
of Extremely Powerful
Voice.
DEMOCRATS SPEND ALL
THE MORNING WAITING
: •;; REPORT OF COMMITTEE
4
HOUSEHOLD
And,
SPORTING SCALES.
A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
NEXT £UI. DAY'S CALL.
In keeping with Its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pelouze -Vale Com-
pany of Chicago to manufacture
a *i>eel«l lot of these useful
household nnd snorting scales
especially for the use of Its
"Want Ad." patrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every one
bringing n Want Advertisement
for insertion In next Sunday's
CALL will receive one of these
useful little premiums.
These scales sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased for less than that
amount, . so our patrons will
readily realize that TIIE CALL
Is uot only issuing the best
premiums e%cr offered by a
nrwepaper, but Is giving them a
bcric* of ut cf til articles that
cauuQt be purchased locally for
Uirec and often four times the
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. This concession
aii.r.e should be a big Induce-
ment to Insert jour ad. In this
paper, not to mention anything
of tlie big returns advertisers
receive from ndvertLwments
placed with THE CALL. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes arid rinses
off in a twinkling.
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
Established over too yean.
Q'^<i''^''-Q*'^'-O^^-^-'^-*S£>^^Q
(J visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
(HUSEUB OF flMTOHY$
b Q) 15511Q2ZI!ST.tjt.8:ii?.} > S.r:Jl.^
\ VJ. M . The L * r ? e ». t An»to«ic»I Mwiia in the \
** rBrSta*. V 0 " 4 w«a«r.e»%«» «r *,., cn-.nct-.t Q
6 flSy^A DR « JQROAM-QiSEASES CF MEN 0
\ I €-3^3 CotiMiltMMO free »nd rtTictly pr»»tf. \
0 i A*vC Q T "" rai « n » p«r»onml* T or b» lerter A Q
\ R fir \ ¦ r—atn CWtta rrerjr caMusdcrta.'iin. ~
n F // » W r : e for Book. PBiLa«urav«f/)
Vf ¦ a I 1 * MAMHIAGE. MAJU3 FXSS. (Af
/) H (J. -nimble book fix mra) \
V O& iUQDASi A CO.. 1C5I ilArfcptSt..S. F. V
60HOK&HOEA AND CXINAST DI3CHA&8K3.
itCk?^! i | H W W M?m
A CUBE & *» I2OCH*sprang up and waved a Hearst banner
over the discomfited New Yorkers. A
battle of fists seemed Imminent and tha
police were called upon to drive tha
warring factions to their seats. It was
several minutes before they succeeded
in clearing the aisles and stopping
what threatened to develop into a seri
ous combat. #
During the mad demonstration a
huge Hearst banner waa carried to the
platform by the Californlans. Instead
of "Hearst for President" the gifted
sign painter that executed it had
branded it "Hearst for Progress." The
banner soon came down and there were
but few that noted the error.
When the New York standard was
torn from its fastening and used to
mark the advance of the Parker hosts
the first to wave in its wake was that
of Texas. Then came Oklahoma and
Indian Territory. Alaska and Utah.
James U. Budd for Vice Pr&ident
will be the cry of the Californlans in
the convention to-morrow if the voice
of M. F. Tarpey does not prevail. The
south of Tehachapl delegates were
busy to-night seeking votes for Budd.
They do not expect to nominate him.
but they hope to make the compliment
ary vote a big one.
Without apparent purpose the Call
fornlans extended the whoop-up long
after every one else was ready to quit.
They wanted to go on record as making
more noise than the Parkerites, and
they.succeeded.
The demonstration was a splendid
climax to the effort of Delmas. The
polished rhetoric and studied diction
of the distinguished lawyer was lost,
however, in the great Coliseum. The
delegates heard Delmas and noted well
his points, but the audience, the Cali
fornians in particular, were disap-
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION. JEFFERSON HOTEL,
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— Delirious with de
light, California's delegation roared
and howled and whooped for Hearst a
full half hour to-night. D. M. Delmas
had concluded his speech placing
Hearst in nomination when the Cali
fornians, Joseph Simmons leading and
waving the Democratic standard of
the State, started the demonstration
for the aspiring editor. In the wake of
the Californlans marched bearers of
placards on which were printed the
names of Iowa, Wyoming, Nevada,
Arizona, Hawaii, Rhode Island, Illi
nois, Washington, Minnesota, Kansas,
South Dakota and New Mexico.
BY FREDERIC W. BISHOP,
Staff Correspondent of Til* Call.
Polished Rhetoric and Studied Diction of Distinguished
Lawyer Are Lost in the Huge Coliseum and Effect
of Masterly Oration Is Marred.
CALIFORNIANS START AN EXTENDED
DEMONSTRATION FOR HEARST AT THE
CONCLUSION OF THE DELMAS SPEECH
Rhinehart denied for himself and all
others of the Iowa delegation that any
money had been received by them to
induce them to cast their votes for any
candidate.
Before Rhinehart had concluded the
convention showed signs of restless
ness, but a yell greeted his last words.
There was soon a sequel to the
Wright incident. The delegation held
a meeting and voted to unseat Wright
as the Iowa member of the committee
to notify the Presidential nominee. In
the words of one of the delegates, the
action was taken because of the "im
putations cast upon the delegation" by
Wright
Kansas was called and J. G. Johnson
was recognized to second the Hearst
nomination. Johnson said in part:
"We believe in the theoretical policy
that the office should seek the man, but
we also believe in the practical political
proposition that the man should be out
in plain sight when the office is looking
for him; that he should take the people
into his confidence and give them every
means of knowing what he stands for
and what they can depend upon if they
elect him. And for this reason we de
fend the nomination of Mr, Hearst."
PRESENTS MILES' NAME.
As Johnson concluded the chair
recognized David Overmeyer of Kan
sas, who placed General Nelson A.
Miles in nomination.
Vigorous applause followed Over
meyer's mention of his candidate and
he was frequently interrupted by the
galleries, and the applause at the con
clusion of his remarks was short-lived.
In the midst of the handclapping the
chairman's gavel fell sharply and end
ed it.
Delegate Roesing of Minnesota then
interposed a motion that all seconding
speeches should be limited to one min
ute.
Governor Dockery moved to amend
by making the time five minutes. After
a little parliamentary squabble the time
was fixed at four minutes.
Kansas produced a third speaker In
J. W. Orr. who. In a few words not
heard far from his seat, seconded the
nomination of Parker.
Thomas H. Ball of- Texas was
next recognized to second the nomina
tion of Parker. Louisiana also sec
onded Parker.
Maine gave way to Missouri and
Champ Clark of that State took the
platform to place In nomination Sena
tor Francis M. Cockrell of Missouri
for the Presidency.
It was after 1 o'clock when Clark
began to speak.
CLARK AROUSES DELEGATES.
His audience had sat for more than
five hours in the sweltering heat of the
packed hall and listened to speeches
for the greater part prepared in ad
vance. They were growing tired.
But Clark was a stimulant. He had
not spoken a hundred words before a
ripple of rearoused attention ran
through the hall. It was much like
the scene at Chicago when Speaker
Cannon spoke. In five minutes he had
won his audience and weariness was
swept from them. They responded to
his every hit and cheered him to the
echo.
. Clark's first mention of his candi
date as "old Cockrell" threw the con
vention Into convulsions of laughter.
The band played "Dixie" and the trib
ute rose to a demonstration. It was
Missouri cheering Missouri's favorite
son and the whole convention joined in
the compliment.
Bundles of flags ' were carried
around to the galleries and thousands
of them were moved over Into Missou
ri territory and in an instant two pic
tures of Senator Cockrell were ripped
from their frames while the gallery
danced and shrieked in delight.
Above the band and the cheers ris
ing high and clear as a bugle call
suddenly came the shrill and pierc
ing "rebel yell" and the long drawn
"Wah-Hoo-oo" of the plains.
The Missouri delegation went on a
short march around the . hall. The
tribute to Senator Cockrell, which was
one of the handsomest things of its
kind seen in many conventions, lasted
more than a quarter of an hour.
CHEERS FOR OLNEY.
Kansas sought to make a counter
demonstration by waving two pictures
of Hearst, but the Missourlans were
not to be denied and this time they
"showed" things to the other side.
When twenty minutes had gone a Mis
souri delegate carried me State em
blem to the platform and waved it as
high in the air as he could reach.
This was the end of the demonstra
tion, however, and quiet was restored.
Maryland seconded the nomination
of Parker through Colonel Benjamin
jSchley.
"Massachusetts," called the clerk and
Patrick A. Collins of Boston made his
way to the platform to nominate Rich
ard OIney.
The mention of Olney called forth
cheers, led by Massachusetts.
There was another loud cheer when
the speaker declared that Olney need
ed no introduction to . the world and
when he closed there . were cheers and
calls for Olney. After the Olney
demonstration there was a call for
three cheers for Cockrell and they were
given with a will.
When the name of Minnesota was
called the chairman of that delegation,
on behalf of a portion of the delega
tion, seconded the nomination of
Parker.
another member of the delegation was
the platform," said Rhinehart, "cast
aspersions on the delegates from Iowa.
I desire to cast the aspersions back into
his teeth."
DENIES RECEIVING MONEY.
v Chairman Weaver of the Iowa dele
gation loudly demanded a hearing but
was not recognized. He asserted that
his colleagues wished to remove Wright
as the honorary vice president of the
convention from Iowa. Then Chair
man Bailey took a hand.
Rapping his desk he secured order
and said:
"In the confusion the "chair was un
able to recognize the gentleman who
rose first. In order to correct the mis
take the chair now takes great pleas
ure in recognizing Rhinehart of Iowa."
"The gentleman who has just left
At 12:28 a. m. Kern concluded and
the State of Iowa was called. A dele
gate sprang to his chair and declared
a second to Hearst. But Sam Wright
of TIpton, Iowa, mounted his chair and
Ehouted:
"On behalf of the unbought, unpur
chasable delegates of Iowa "
At this point a rush was made for
Wright by some of his colleagues in
the delegation. It became evident at
once that trouble was on. Wright
sprang forward on the chairs to get
out of the reach of his antagonists. An
Arkansas delegate across the aisle
reached out his hand and motioned
him in. The convention was thrown
into an uproar. One of the Hearst
Iowa delegates rushed forward to the
platform. He was at once followed by
Wright between two men. There was
a whispered conference with Chairman
Bailey, and Wright secured recogni
tion.
He thundered forth, "Gentlemen of
the convention— I am proud of the fact
that the great party to which I belong
ordinarily believes in free speech."
This struck the convention and
Wright was accorded attention.
"On behalf of that section of Iowa
which sends Democrats to Congress,
on behalf of Iowa Democrats who did
not receive their political education
from Coin's financial school, I second
the nomination of Judge Parker of
New York."
Wright at once left the platform
amid great applause and confusion.
He proceeded down the aisle to his
seat. His colleagues, however, refused
to allow him to take his seat. He was
called many hard names and finally
had to be protected by an officer and
was given a seat by the Georgia dele
gation. The incident was one of the
liveliest of the session and for a mo
ment promised to become sensational.
DISTURBANCE IS STARTED.
PAYS TRIBUTE TO PARKER.
Indiana was called next, and John W.
Kern responded to second the nomina
tion of Judge Parker. Kern said in
part:
"When our candidate takes posses
sion of the White House on March 4
how comforting and reassuring to the
American people to have even a brief
period of silence after the never-ending
streams of talk poured from those pre
cincts during the past three years — talk
of war, talk of wildcats, talk of bear
fights, of fencing, of boating, of ath
letic _ contests, of babies; after all the
startling performances of the present
executive, from Panama diplomacy,
from breakfast table chats with the
colored man and brother. How blissful;
oh, how restful and reposeful will be
the sllence^ — at least the comparative si
lence which will surely come!
"The candidate soon to be named by
this convention Is able, honest, fear
less, a friend of the people, a foe of
lawless monopoly, an upholder of the
constitution, a defender of the princi
ples of Jefferson, a thoroughbred Dem
ocrat and a never-falling winner. His
name is already upon your lips. You
are only awaiting the opportunity to
nominate him— Alton Brook Parker of
New York."
lshed Filipinos, from the bullpens of
Colorado, from the homes of jailed
workmen denied trial by jury, from
the overworked and underpaid, the eyes
of the poor and oppressed are turned
to us. They ask for a candidate who
is their friend, for a man devoted, to
their cause.
"The hopes and aspirations of these
toilers are centered on William R.
Hearst. These millions believe in him
because, for the first time in the his
tory of America, they have found a
man of wealth, of industry and power
who has turned his back upon the
tawdry praise of the world and pleaded
their cause. They are for him, because
In his great journals, for the first time
in the history of the world, the cause,
of the weak and depressed has found
voice and tongue.
"If this convention would gain the
votes of the common people of the
United States, that great class without
whom there never was a Democratic
party, they must name a man who has
fought the battles of the poor. With
such a man the mighty hosts of work
ers from the fields and prairies, from
the factories and mills, from the rail
ways and the mines, those who produce
what other men consume, who make
things while exploiters are printing
stocks and bonds, these men under the
banner of true Democracy will bring
us a victory that will be a victory in
deed.
"It may be that the hour of reason
and judgment has passed by, that this
Democratic convention will be unmind
ful to the call of the humble and the
weak: but the time when the fever of
commercialism shall have run its
course, when humanity and Justice
shall once more control the minds of
men, this great party will come back
from the golden idols and the tempting
fleshpots and once more battle for the
rights of man."
Darrow concluded at 12:18 o'clock.
Fully a dozen times the line com
pleted the circuit, and then the Cal
ifornia banner waa carried up to the
speakers' platform, and the other
States massed their emblems at the
foot of the steps, the men who bore
the emblems cheering and waving
them with great energy.
A you!hg woman wearing a gown of
whit*, with a broad blue ribbon across
her breast and a blue girdle about her
waist, rose in section "O" and waved
a small flag. She brought to her side
fifty other people who Joined in her
tribute, and for a time she was the
heart of the storm center. When she
Eat down the end began to come, thirty
minutes after the first cheering began.
The flag of Illinois was the first to re
sume Its place on the floor, and the
. others followed gradually, while the
chairman jpounded for order.
BAILEY TAKES THE CHAIR.
When half an hour had elapsed Sen
ator Bailey of Texas took the presid
ing oncer's chair and began rapping
for order. It was some time before the
enthusiasm, which wae now confined
to the galleries and which was prin
cipally disorder, could be quieted.
Many of the delegates and others be
g^an to hiss disapproval, but this only
served to epur on the Hearst rooters,
and a battle of sound ensued.
"The State of Colorado," called the
c>rk.
The response was immediate and
Thomas J. O'Donnell was Introduced
and began a speech seconding the nom
ir.stion of Judge Parker. The quiet of
exhaustion prevailed as O'Donnell pro
ceeded and approval of his utterances
was confined to handclapping.
When O'Donnell referred In compli
mentary terms to the great leader of
the past two campaigns there was a
demonstration in which the name of
Bryan was heard above the uproar.
There was, he said, no need of a pro
testation of loyalty to the last two
Democratic platforms.
He invited "the prodigals who had
been feeding on husks" back into the
fold, "lor." he said, "we need all kinds
of Democrats in this campaign." His
mention of Parker's name was greeted
vith shouts and applause. "Colorado
once more joins hands with New York,"
he concluded, "and the echo comes
back, 'Parker, popular rights and vic
tory.' "
DISORDER IN GALLERIES.
After the applause which followed
O'Donnc-ll's conclusion Connecticut was
called. Walter S. Cummings was rec
ognized and took the platform to sec
end tht nomination of Judge Parker.
Many of the spectators began leaving
the floor and the galleries and the
tramp of their feet was a new disturb
ance.
Irving Handy of Delaware followed
Cummings and nominated George Gray.
He began by saying:
"Delaware offers to you her noblest,
bravest and best," and a cheer went
up. Jed by the Delaware delegation.
Before Handy had closed the disorder
became eo pronounced that the clerk
announced that "the chair Indulged in
the hope that the .guests would permit
the business to proceed unmolested."
The speaker finished amid brief cheer
ing.
•"Florida," called the clerk.
John S. Beard of that State, who
*as standing by the West Virginia
reservation, asked for recognition,
which the chair at first denied him,
not knowing who he was. After some
explanation the chair Bald:
"The chair will recognize the gentle
man from Florida when he is in his
proper place."
Beard bowed, took his place by the
Florida sign and seconded the nomin
ation of Hearst.
"Georgia," called the clerk.
"The chair recognizes Moses Wright
of Georgia," said Senator Bailey and
Wright took the stand to second
Parker. He spoke in clear, ringing
tones and held the attention of the
convention closely. «
TRY TO STOP SPEAKERS.
Another Parker shout greeted the
ppeaker when he mentioned the name
of the Nc^- York candidate and the
crowd thought that this was the con
clusion of his speech. He continued,
however, and was promptly advised by
the irreverent In the gallery to "cut It
out." He failed to follow the advice,
however, and was greeted by a chorus
of cries intended to drown his voice.
Ho, however, finished his address in a
few words more and got a round of ap
plause.
At 12:03 Idaho was called, but made
no response.
"Illinois." ehouted the clerk and Clar
ence Darrow of that State was pre
sented and besan a speech seconding
the nomination of Hearst. He made
this plain at the outset and at the
name of Hearst the galleries vented
their enthusiasm. When he said, "It
seems to be fate that the men who once
scuttled the Democratic ship shall once
more be placed in power," there were
cheers and hisses.
•The Democracy of Jefferson, the
Democracy of Bryan." was a phrase
from Darrow which struck the con
vention. After the shout which fol
lowed a voice from the gallery behind
the platform rang out. "Three cheers
for Bryan." The cheers were given
with a will. Darrow's speech enliv
ened the wearying crowd and he was
freely applauded. Darrow in closing
eaid:
SINGS PRAISES OF HEARST.
**From the burning: fields of the rav- j
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
the hall, cheering greeting them at
every step.
then recognized and on behalf of a I
majority of the delegation, seconded
the nomination of Hearst.
Governor Vardeman of Mississippi
stood on his chair and in a brief speech
seconded Parker's nomination.
MANY CALLS FOR BRYAN.
Montana was next called and Sena
tor Clark of that State arose in his
place and seconded the nomination of
Parker.
Nebraska came next and the noise
of the convention was hushed as the
name fell from the clerk's lips. C. J.
Smythe responded, but before he
could speak the convention began a
demonstration, in which the name of
Bryan was heard above the uproar.
"Bryan, Bryan," yelled the crowd.
Bryan finally arose and, standing on
the chair, endeavored to quiet the
demonstration, but he was only an in
centive for a fresh outburst. Bryan
with a j>almleaf fan motioned the
delegates to take their seats.
When he could make himself heard
he simply announced that Wisconsin
had a candidate to present, and Ne
braska yielded her place on the roll
call to that State. David S. Rose,
Mayor of Milwaukee, was at once
recognized and took the platform to
place Edward C'Wall in nomination.
Missouri, which had been passed in
advertently on the rollcall, was called,
and ex-Senator Harris of Kansas
made response. He seconded the
nomination of Cockrell in a brief
speech delivered from the platform.
Many delegates began leaving the
hall, pushing their way through the
crowded seats and causing much con T
fusion.
The galleries also began to thin out-
Then an alternate far off to the left,
overcome by bracers, mounted the
chair and with uncertain gestures de
manded attention. A couple of police
men promptly hustled him out.
ROSE ARRAIGNS PARKER.
Nevada was called at the conclusion
of Senator Harris' speech. A delegate
arose and seconded from his place on
the floor the nomination of Hearst.
New Hampshire seconded the nom
ination of Judge Parker, as also did
New Jersey.
Mayor Rose then took the New York
delegation to task severely for present
ing Judge Parker. i
"The nation has been caning on
New York for New York to tell us
what are the views of their candi
date," he sung out. "but he said noth
ing."
Loud applause and cries from the
galleries followed. Rose proceeded
with an arraignment of Parker's can
didacy in such strong terms that a
point of order was raised by Oscar
Miles, a Kansas delegate, who yelled
amid the uproar when Chairman Bai
ley asked him to state it, "The gentle
man is not speaking in behalf of any
candidate, but in general arraignment
of the Democratic party."
Chairman Bailey overruled the
point of order with the statement that
it was not within the province of the
chair, to pass upon what a speaker
shouid say. "I wish to say that I
don't want to stir up a row," declared
Rose after he was allowed to resume.
The sentence, however, was met with
cries of derision.
DISPLEASES CONVENTION.
A. J. Barr, a" Pennsylvania delegate,
interjected that the speaker had no
right to resume along the same lines.
When Rose declared that he present
ed things in a spirit of good fellowship
he was interrupted. Rose grew rapidly
unpopular and was Interrupted with
cries and stamping. But he persisted
and finally amid much confusion
named Edward C. Wall as Wisconsin's
candidate.
North Carolina gave a second to the
Parker nomination.
Chairman Cole of the North Dakota
delegation took the platform and an
nounced that he had a name to present
to the convention that had not yet
been presented. "Who is he?" demand
ed the conventiorf. "I'll name him,"
retorted Cole, who proceeded with his
speech. "The candidate we , wish to
present to you," he continued, "seems
to have only one objection and that is
that he comes from too far south*."
Cole branched into a political discus
sion and the audience amused itself by
making loud guesses as to who the
nominee would be. Chairman Bailey i
tried to quiet the clamor which had
brought Cole to a stop.
The chair begged the convention to
hear the speaker and said "because the
speaker declares he will not leave the
stand until he finishes."
NOMINATES WILLIAMS. i
At last Cole got to the end, which
was the declaration that nts candidate
was John Sharp Williams of Missis
sippi. A round of applause followed
the call of the name of the Democratic
leader of the House.
Neither Ohio nor Oregon had a candi
date to indorse and Michael J. Ryan of
Pennsylvania seconded the nomination
of Parker. ' •!,
By this time the audience was get
ting restless and was not trying to hide
it. When Rhode Island was reached
John j. Fitzgerald of that State second
ed the nomination of Hearst.
The audience cried "time" on him be
fore he got fairly started, but he stuck
out his four minutes.
CONVENTION HALL, ST. LOUIS,
4:2Q a. m., July 9. — Bryan is discuss
ing two former Democratic campaigns.
He said he had been called a dictator
and then looking toward the' New
York delegation, he cried % out, "It was
false and you knew it was false."
Bryan said Nebraska would not in
sist upon any man for the nomination.
4:25 a. m.— Day is beginning to break
but three-fourths of the spectators re
main in the hall. ¦¦•¦ — «__
Camille Pelletan, French Minister of
Marine, and M. Tissler, president of
the Cabinet, were chums at college and
are close friends now, -'-^-^i.
ALLEGED SHIP'S BURGLAR HELD.—
Oakland. July 8.— George Schuroer. captured
on, the British ship Alice A. Lelph by Captain
A. Davisnn after a battle, was held for trial
In $2000 ball by Police Judge Samuels to-day
on a charge of burglary, -
National Negro Liberty Party Recon
siders Indorsement of Roosevelt. •
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— After reconsider
ing its action in. indorsing the candi
dacy of President Roosevelt for re
election, in place of making its nomina
tions, the National Negro LIbejty, party
nominated William T. Scott of East St.
Louis and W. C. Payne of Warrenton,
Va., for President and Vice President,
respectively, of the United States.
NOMINATES A CANDIDATE.
ST. .LOUIS, July 8.— At a meeting of
the New York delegation held just
prior, to the convention Bourke Cock
ran offered a resolution as follows:
"Resolved, That the delegation offer
as an amendment to the committee on
resolutions and platform the financial
plank offered by Senator Hill In com
mittee."
This was voted down by' fifty noes
to twenty-eight ayes.
STANDS BY TIEE COMMITTEE.
Xew York Delegation Refuses to Offer
a Financial Plank.
CHICAGO, July 8.— Dr. Silas C. Swal
low, the Prohibition candidate for Pres
ident, will receive official notification
of his nomination in Indianapolis on
Friday evening, July 22.
The meeting will take place in Tom
linson Hall, where Dr. Swallow was
nominated. A. G. Wolfenbarger of
Lincoln, Neb., will deliver the notifica
tion address.
Committee Will Wnit on Prohibition
Candidate on July 22.
NOTIFICATION OF SWALLOW.
The Civic Council, an organization
composed of representatives of the dif
ferent religious bodies of the city, has
started an active campaign to increase
retail liquor licenses from J41 per quar
ter, the highest amount collectable
under the charter, to $125 per quarter.
In, order to accomplish that purpose
petitions are being circulated among
electors for signatures. If 15 per cent
of the voters of the city and county
sign the petition the Election Commis
sioners will be compelled to place the
proposed ordinance on the official bal
lot to be voted November 8.
Members of the Civic Council believe
the required number of signatures will
be secured in time for the Commis
sioners to issue the required thirty
days' notice to electors prior to the
election.
, If the petitions receive the required
number of signatures and a majority
of votes cast are in favor of the ordi
nance, it becomes a law which the
Board of Supervisors cannot repeal
without submitting the question to a
vote of the people.
The Civic Council contends that the
liquor traffic costs the city 90 per cent
of the expense to maintain the Police
Department and its adjunct, the police
courts, while the saloon men pay only
20 per cent of the taxes. The further
contention of the organization is that
the increase of the licenses to $125 per
quarter will simply cause liquor men
to pay their Just portion.
The council also intends to take up
the question of a special school tax.
The members of the organization claim
that the schools of San Francisco are
in bad condition on account of the
lack of funds, and it will be part of the
work of the organization to secure a
uniform rate' of school taxes for all
time.
Estimates have been made as to the
cost of the "proposed campaign and,
figuring the voting population of the
city and county at 80,000, there will be
$5000 necessary to carry the movement
along. Funds are now being solicited
for the purpose stated.
Civic Council Will Try to Have Liquor
Taxes Raised.
DESIRE HIGHER LICENSE.
Fltzslmmona-O'Brlen Fight Off.
PHILADELPHIA, July 8.— The six
round boxing bout between Bob Fitz
simmons and Jack O'Brien, which was
to have taken place at the Philadelphia
National Baseball Park to-night for
the benefit of the Evening Telegraph
free ice fund, was declared off this
afternoon by the management on ac
count of the action of Mayor Weaver
in ordering the police to stop the con
test. ;,¦>•'•¦
Editor of Utah Paper Given High
Place by Leaders of Mor
mon Church.
SALT LAKE, July 8. — Charles W.
Penrose, for many years editor in
chief of the Deseret News, the official
church publication, has been chosen
an apostle of the Mormon church, to
fill the vacancy in that body caused by
the recent death of Apostle A. O.
Woodruff. Next to the first presidency
this is the highest governing body of
the church.
JOURNALIST IS CHOSEN
TO FILL- KOLE OF APOSTLE
The romantic desire of bridal
couples to remain undisturbed during
their honeymoon was only one of the
reasons for this secrecy.
LOS ANGELES, July 8.— Harry
Roseland of New York, the well known
painter of negro subjects, and Miss
Olive May Sands of No. 784 Kensing
ton road were united in marriage in
this city on June 22. The wedding
was entirely private. Rev. Dr. Bun
ker performed the ceremony. No
guests other than the members of the
bride's family were present. After the
ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Roseland took
a carriage and drove to the starting
point of their wedding Journey, not
letting any one into the secret of their
destination.
Harry Rosrlaml. Well Known Painter
of Gotham, Is Married to Miss
Olive May Sands.
XEW YORK ARTIST WEDS
BELX.E IX I.OS ANGELES
If elected President of the United States our
candidate will take the executive chair clothed
with the wis.lorn to understand the constitu
tion, which ho Is sworn to support and gifted
with reverence for the principles It was or
dained to obtain. Courageous, conservative,
wise and self-poised, he will be content to
properly uld In shaping' our domwrtlc policy,
to advance the happiness and prosperity of all
our people and help conduct our foreign- rela
tions to as to promote peace and avoid en
tangling alliances and complications.
Against him the Republican party presents
a candidate restless under the limitations of
a constitution he does not appreciate or under
stand. Reckless of international obligations,
and having reduced the Republican party to a
State of blind subjection, he will keep our
country in a state of perpetual unrest, destroy
ing our domestic quietude and disturbing in
ternational tranquillity by his all-consumlns
thirst for power.
RoasevcltlHR Is a distinct Issue In Ameri
can politics. Strenuous, impetuous and wor
shiping blindly at his own shrine, four more
years of his methods will result In such
usurpation of power by the executive as to
leave to us "a republic In name only," and
possibly involve us In a foreign war. Let us
accept the Issue and present his opponent.
New York's "chief Judge." with absolute con
fidence that when he com«s from his healthful
country estate, as did Washlngton.Jefferson and
Madison, to occupy the great office of President
of the United States, he will prove a worthy
successor to those Illustrious patriots, destroy
the shadow of a one-man power which now
threatens the destiny of our country, and
measure up to the high hopes and expectations
of the American people.
Lovers of constitutional government, re
•pect-rs of property rights and advocates of
the Jrst claims or labor, will have In this
blameless citizen, loyal Democrat, wise and
upright Judge, an executive, when elected, who
will reapect the well defined functions of the
executive, judicial and legislative branches of
the Government. Judge Parker stands for a
democratic republic; President Roosevelt for
a "republican empire."
Judge Parker has not sought the nomina
tion, nor rvlll his candidacy have been dictated
by any faction. Interest or section. President
Roosevelt, to obtain his nomination, not only
ruthlessly abandoned £«« power of public pa
tronage to reduce his party leaders to ' in
voluntary servitude," but over the Republican
convention at Chicago hovered his ambitious,
dominnticg spirit, dictating Us every step and
action.
With such a candidate, no Democrat can
refuse to support him and assign a reason not
born of prejudice, misrepresentation or fac
tional spirit.
Thoughtful Democrats from every section
of ''this country of ours" have reached the
conclusion that incomparably above all others,
he Is tha one man whom all Democrats can
unite upon without explanation or apology.
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— Thomas H. Ball
of Texas spoke on behalf of Parker's
nomination as follows:
Voicing the will of organized, united and
militant Democracy of Texas. I am commis
sioned by her delegation to this convention to
Becond the nomination of Judge Alton B.
Parker.
Thomas H. Ball Compares Parker and
President Roosevelt.
SPEAKS FOR TEXAS.
A. Sbarboro, Rufus P. Jennings, F. J.
Koster, Edward P. Antron, Djr. P. de Vecchl,
C. F. Mdrwedel. W. I. Wilson. Joseph Win
terburn, * John Fischer, Kmil Rhote. John,
Howell, Georjfe Tourny, John W. Van Bergen.
K. C. Warner. George E. Miller. F. P. Mc-
Ivr.nan, E. B. CavanauRh. E. W. Joy. Dr.
N A. Goodwin, F. A. Week, A. P. Lathrop,
W H. Bagrge. B. Bag&e. WV H. Roden.' G.
A Grimes R. E. Miller. I. E. Shaw. W. E.
Jackson. Robert Hazlett. Marshall Hale, A.
P. Cross, Henry E. Greer, A. A. Pennoyer.
R. X Ryan, Professor J. G. Lemmon, Gustav
Worniser George W. Caswetl. C. A. Moody,
J P Currier. G. G. Burnett. J. D. Barnhlll.
A. Van Buhler, G. W. Haley, Charles H.
Ham. Alfred L McKlnnon. Sanford Felgen
baum, R. P. Qulnn, Li. J. Fortro.
The Promotion Committee's excursion
party, bound for Eureka, will start
this morning at 7:30 o'clock via the
Tiburon ferry. The excursionists will
go out dressed In khaki. The baggage
for the functions in the north has gone
forward by the steamship Corona. The
party will have a special train over
the California Northwestern road to
its terminus at Sherwood. There stages
will be taken for the ride through the
great redwood forests of the north until
Junction with a railroad leading into
Eureka is made. The party will make
stops at San Rafael, Petaluma. Santa
Rosa, Asti. Willits and Camp Five.
At Willits there will be a banquet. At
Asti the Italian-Swiss colony will en
tertain. The Eureka Chamber of Com
merce will send a committee to Camp
Five on a special train to meet the ex
cursionists. At Eureka a banquet will
be given the visitors and they will be
taken to logging camps In the neigh
borhood.
The following are reported by the
committee to constitute the excursion
party:
Fourth Excursion Party Takes Special
Train To-Day and Will Journey
to Eureka.
PROMOTION COJIMITTEE
STARTS FOR TILE NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUL.Y 9, 1904.
Day Breaks on the Tired Delegates and Spectators With William
J. Bryan on the Platform Reviewing the History
of the Last Two Campaigns.
TIME OF THE CONVENTION TAKEN
UP BY ORATORS EVIDENTLY FOR THE
PURPOSE OF STAVING OFF A BALLOT
SPECTATORS GROW WEARY OF LONG SPEECHES OF ORATORS AND SHOW DISPLEASURE
Following is the verse:
"And Moses said unto Hobab, the
Bon of Reuel, the Mldianite, Moses*
father-in-law, We are Journeying unto
the place of which the Lord said I will
give it you; come thou with us and
we will do thee good, for the Lord has
spoken good concerning Israel."
HARRISBURG, Pa.. July 8.— Rev. Dr.
Swallow has sent j the following . tele
tram to W. J. Bryan at St. Louis:
My Dear Brvan: Read Numbers,
tenth chapter, twenty-ninth verse.
Come."
Prolilbltion Candidate for President
Invites Him to Join Party.
THERE IS ROOM FOR BRYAX.
pointed. They looked for a masterly
oration; It was, but distance withheld
it from their ears.
The session of the convention to
night brought to light many points of
interest to Californlans. The demon
stration that followed the presenta
tion of Parker's name to the conven
tion proved beyond argument the con
ditions that led Tarpey to abandon the
proposed giant special train in which
he had -intended to carry all the dele
gates dwelling west of the Missouri
River to the convention city. It was
explained when the California special
cars arrived here as the tall end of
an overland express that Inability to
make connections and adjust rates had
compelled the abandonment of Tarpey's
plan to bottle the Western delegates on
one train.
The rabid pro-Hearst-anti-Parker
sentiment that dominates the Califor
nia delegation almost precipitated a
riot in the convention shortly after 10
o'clock to-night. A large Parker ban
ner, carried by the New York delega
tion, fell from its frame when it was
being carried past the California res
ervation. The Californlans, taking ad
vantage of the cheer from the anti-
Parkers that greeted the incident,
5
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
The Secret of Long Life and
How to Overcome Waste.
To "Know thyself? is to take advantage
of life's secrets and equip one's self with
an armor which will successfully resist tha
attack of disease ia
¦^g^M^iagffi the battle of life.
.Fi&£S'i\!^Stf^$5^ '^ a 7 9 dies when his
/y^RAjjl T^j-Cgl *i m e coiaes, ia now
// «1*2>T^*1>*ih*»1 mechanism, wheth-
I / " made Gcd °*
u :Krlrfm$fl« maa « has a
' iCTff//i • Hill amonnt of ¦wrar
$3 nil I \ v\#& a *^ e can k*
J&jJIJ k^mjl Hb^ shortened accord -
n\^l^mH H * n^ *k e care that
/ *J5-K * 3 given it. If ac-
§r cident or careles*-
ness destroys the
**-^ works of the watch
or the hnman mechanism an esd comes
to it* usefulness, but it has cot actsally
"worn out." Man's system at times g?ts
rusty like the wheels of the watch and
only needs a little cleaning and oiling to
put it in shape for life's battles.
An imitation of nature's method of re-
storing waste of tissue and impoverish*
tnent of the blood and aervons force is
used when yon take an alterative extract
of herbs and roots, without the use of alco-
hol, like Dr. Fierce '¦ Golden Medical Dis-
covery. This vegetable medicine eoaxe*.
the digestive functions and help* ia the
assimilation of food, or rather enable* the
organs to take from the food just the
nutriment the blood requires.
Prof. J. E. Tacpsay. of 6t St. Petsr Street. Que-
bec, writes : " I hod biten ill for some time with La
: Grippe and did net regain ray strength. With-
in a wecV after using Dr. Pleree's Golden Meti-
ical Discovery. I wai able to be aronnd again,
and I found that ray srstrm was entirely free
from any of the bail effects of La Grippe. I
bow keep a bottle of the ' Golden Uedical Dia-
coTenr 1 on hand. ncd. when I catch cold, take a
few aoa?9. which keeps me in perfect health.
As a btrild^r up of lost strength end vitality I
do not bcliere your ' Dis:ov;ry * has an equal."
Accept no substitute for" Golden Medical
Discovery." There ia nothing "just aa
good ¦ for diseases of the stomach.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets, the best
laxative for old people. They, can am*
stijatjoja and bilioajaea*. ¦~~^^*£_;~~. jUNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SEN
IOR WHO HAS BKKN AWARDED
A RHODES SCHOLARSHIP.
OAKLAND, July 8.— John Dolan. ex
tra man on truck No. 1 was dismissed
from the Fire Department to-day for
intoxication. E. Robinson, driver of
hose No. 1, was suspended for ninety
days for a similar offense.
Firemen Disciplined.
Extends Fire Limits.
OAKLAND, July 8.— Mayor Olney to
day signed an ordinance extending the
fire limits to include the blocks bound
ed by Fifth, Seventh, Franklin and
Washington streets. •
OAKLAND, July 8.— Thieves stole a
gold watch, locket and $4 50 to-day
from Clarence B. Whltely's room at
the Pleasariton Hotel, Fourteenth and
Washington streets.
John Silva, 613 East Twelfth street,
had $60 worth of jewelry filched to-day
from his room.
Room Thief at Work.
OAKLAND. July 8. — A threatened
suit against the Oakland Transit Con
solidated for damages sustained by
Charles B. Fife, a 16-year-old boy,
was compromised for $2500 to-day.
The accident happened a year ago
and notice of the compromise was
filed with the County Clerk to-day.
Suit Is Compromised.
OAKLAND, July 8.— Ignorance of
the law cost the Rev. W. P. Baird.
pastor of the Asbury Methodist
Church South, the Inconvenience of
being arrested to-day on a charge of
violating the bicycle ordinance by
riding on a sidewalk and not dismount
ing when he passed a pedestrian. The
clergyman contributed $2 as bail and
was sent his way, wiser as to Oak
land's municipal regulations.
Clergyman Cyclist Arrested.
attainments; second, fondness for out
door snorts, sV:h as cricket, football
and rowing: third, qualities of man
hood, truth, courage, devotion to duty,
sympathy for and protection for the
weak, kindliness, unselfishness and fel
lowship: fourth, exhibition during col
lege days of moral force of character,
and of Instincts to lead and to take an
Interest In fellow collegians.
The committee that nominated Crit
tenden consisted of : Professor Irving
StrlnshamV dean of the College of So
cial Sciences; Professor Alexis F.
Lange, dean of the College of Letters;
Professor H. Morse Stephens, himself
a graduate of Oxford; Professor Ed
ward P. Clapp, head of the Department
of Greek, and William H. Dehni of
the senior class, president of the As
sociated Students.
The scholarship carries an income of
$1500 a year, which will be paid In
quarterly Installments. If the work of
the scholar warrants it the scholar
ship may be continued for three years
longer, which gives practically a four
years' residence at Oxford.
: In only one State in the Union did a.s
many men. succeed in passing the
Rhodes qualifying examination as in
California, and this was in Massachu
setts, where eight men were successful
as compared with seven In California.
New York came next with six men, who
succeeded in qualifying by passing the
resoonsions examinations.
OAKLAND, July 8.— A writ of in
junction was sued out to-day by Mrs.
Margaret Bowen In connection with the
divorce suit she Is pressing against
Charles E. Bowen to restrain Pardon
Bowen, her father-in-law, from trans
ferring 180 shares of stock in the Wet
more-Bowenv y Company, valued at
$28,500. '
She claims that this stock is the
property of her husband and that it
was transferred by him to his father
with the- intention to defraud her.
Judge Greene issued the restraining or
der asked for. In connection with other
phases of the case, it will figure in a
bitterly contested fight.
Mrs. Margaret Bonen Restrains Her
Fathcr-in-Law From Abetting;
Her Husband.
SAYS STOCK TRANSFER
WAS PLANNED TO DEFRAUD
OAKLAND. July 8.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day:
Michael Conway. 31. and Jessie A.
Thc-mas, 28. both of Stockton; Antcne
F. Alva, 33, and Rosa T. Dutra,- 23,
both of Alvarado; Jose L. Silva. 26,
and Gulda Mendonca, 16, both of Oak
land: Wellington I. Clayes. 29. San
Francisco, and Edith M. Clayes, 29,
Berkeley; Francis j McKinney. 32, \and
Lizzie Young, 24, both of Oakland.'
Marriage Licenses.
Arthur Oliver, colored, known as
"Kid" Oliver, died at the Central Emer
gency Hospital early yesterday morn
ing, and Frank O'Connor, a soldier, was
charged with his murder. On the nlsht
of July 4 Oltver was stabbed in the
abdomen by O'Connor on Pacific street.
O'Connor was arrested by Special Offi
cer Daggctt and Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahy. Before Oliver djed he posi
tively identified O'Connor as the man
who stabbed him.
Dies From Hl*» Wonnds.
ALAMEDA, July 8. — Anthony D.
Dennis, aged 45, died nt his home,
2220 Railroad avenue, last evening.
A wife and one sister, Mrs. Margaret
Palmer, survive him. Dennis former
ly conducted a cigar store in Oakland
arftf was well known in that city. He
was a member of the Knights of
Pythias and his funeral will be under
the auspices of that fraternity Sunday
morning from Pythian Castle, Oak
land.
Death Claims A. D. Dentils.
OAKLAND, July 8.— Captain of Po
lice-W. J. Petersen has been granted
thirty days' leave of absence because
of ill health caused by seven years of
continuous night service.
Police Captain Is III.
OAKLAND. July 8.— John T. Bell,
foreman of a jury that convicted C.
Babeno, a saloon-keeper at Third and
Market streets.^ of selling liquor to
girls, called the attention of the Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners to
that fact to-day and requested that
Babeno's license be revoked as pro
vided under the liquor license law.
Chief of Police Hodgkins was instruct
ed to enforce the ordinance as soon as
he can legally do so. Babeno has not
yet been sentenced.
Wants Saloon Cloned.
Mrs. . Charles Proctor of 260 Shipley
street was arrested yesterday on com
plaint of Secretary White of the Chil
dren's Society for failing to properly
care for her three little . ones. The
woman Is said to have been Intoxicated
when arrested and her children were
roaming about the house naked and
filthy. Miss Fisher of the Associated
Charities took charge of Edith, aged 5.
and George, aged 2: and Gladys, aged
7, was sent to a Hospital.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
ALAMEDA. July 8. — Clara Sloan
and Viola Allen, inmates of the Cal
ifornia Girls" Training Home at the
West End, ran away from that insti
tution last evening, making their es
cape by Jumping a high board fence.
They were located 'this morning by
Detective George Brown at the resi
dence of Asa T. French. 1107 Mound
street, and returned to the home.
<.irl- Ktvaitc From Institution.
OAKLAND, July 8.— Pretty, black
eyed, vivacious Leonora Pacheco, 17
years old. came to Oakland from San
Jose a few days ago to visit with a
sister. Somehow or another the allure
ments of the city night life attracted
the Garden City miss. The police were
attracted by her youthful appearance
and the San Jose beauty was taken
into custody. Miss Pacheco willingly
pleaded guilty this morning to a charge
of vagrancy when her case was called
In the Police Court, but Judge Samuels
remanded the girl to jail for Investiga
tion before final disposition should be
made of her case.
ArreM Pretty Girl Vagrant.
OAKLAND. July 8.— The funeral of
Mrs. Mary Antonia Cuvellier, wife of
Councilman B. C. Cuvellier, was held
this afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
family residence at 1222 Union street.
The Rev. W. M. Jones, minister of the
First Unitarian Church, officiated. The
services were private. The body was
incinerated at the Oakland crematory.
W. C. B. de Fremery, P. W. Bellingall,
George W. Adams, Charles Sutton,
Horace Miller and Louis Couturie were
pallbearers.
Mrs. Cuvelller'sJ Funeral.
OAKLAND, July 8.— A contest has
been started over the probating of the
will of the late Henry Heyland by his
niece, Mrs. Mary Wright, to whom he
left but $250 out of an estate valued at
$20,000. The deceased was 90 years of
age at the time of his death, and it is
claimed was not competent to make a
will. He left his property to twenty
five different friends and relatives in
this country and Ireland. Mrs. Wright
Is his nearest relative, and if successful
in her suit will be entitled to about a
third of the entire estate.
The deceased was a well-known resi
dent of East Oakland and owned an
extensive rock quarry at the end of
Thirteenth avenue, from which ho
gained a comfortable Income. Two
years ago he. was taken before the court
on at charge of incompetence. He had
become possessed with the idea that
fairies were dancing over his bed at
night and would insist upon sprinkling
water on the floor of his room under
the belief that this would keep them
away. His health improved afterward
and the visions left him. It is upon his
actions at that time that Mrs. Wright
bases her reasons for bringing the
present action.
Contest Is Started Over the Estate of
Henry Hrylaud, a Pioneer Resi
dent of Kast Oakland.
DECIiARKS JIKR UNCLE WAS
IXCOMPETKXT TO MAKE WILL
ALAMFJDA. July S. — John Vatlay
Binia. who served as a soldier under
the famous Kosputh during the revo
lution in Austria in 184S, passed away
this morning at the home of his son.
J. Frank Bima. 1104 Court street, af
ter an illness of Rix months. He came
to the I'n'ted States in 184 9 and later,
under an amnesty granted to the rev
olutionists, visited his native coun
try.. Deceased was 70 years of age.
His son and a wife, Mrs. Katherlne
Bima, survive h'.m.
Passing of a Patriot.
Mrs. Alice Sackstt and Charle* W. Williams
were married at 2 o'clock Sunday afternoon In
the pretty little cottage that they will occupy
at lull Vine street. The ceremony x?ea per
formed by the Rev. Griffith, Griffiths In the
presence of relatives and Intimate friends • Mr
and Mrs. Williams will tour the southland be
lot* returnliur to their new horn*
BERKELEY. July 8.— The Christian En
deavor- Society of the Park Congregational
Church held Its Feml-annual banquet and elec
tion of officers last Thursday night in the
•church parlors. -The -banquet table and room
were handsomely decorated by the. members
of the society In honor of the occasion. While
the 'young people were enjoying the banquet
one-minute talks were given by the members
of the society.- "The election of officers re
sulted In the choosing of the following named-
President. Rufus Kerllnger; vice president'
Miss Gertrude Odgers: secretary, -Miss Helen
Burroughs; treasurer, Mlsa Olive Jones' • ,
Mica Bessie Palmer ts visiting Miss Susie
Blxby at Long Beach. .....
The R. G. Browns, Mrs. Lillian ' Brown
Ev«-rts end Ml««s Florlnne Brown' have re
turned from a delightful trip to San Jose in
their automobile. . - •
A number of theater parties are being made.
up to witness the Initial performance of Ulrlc
Collins' jilay. "Hearts of, Tennessee," at Ye
Liberty, next Monday night. Mr. Collins is
a clever Berkeley boy and han many friends
here who are greatly Interested in his work.
Mrs. D. W. C. Gaektll has Just returned
from a pleasant visit with her daughter, Mrs.
Harry P. Carlton, at Ben Lomond. The Carl
tons have one of the prettiest bungalows In
Ben Lomond and it la generally filled With
guests all during the summer..-. ¦
Mrs. B. A'. Oasklll, who has heen ' quite 111
for some time, has- gone to Emigrant Oap to
recuperate. ¦ -. ¦
The D. Edward Collinses have returned from
a fhort sojourn at McCrnys, on the Russian
River.
A little wedding that took place in Ran
Francisco is of considerable Interest on thin
sldo of the bay, being that of Miss Olfja VVoer
ner, an Oakland eirl. to Hubk-tt J, Johnson, a
prominent business man of VJsalla. The happy
event took place at the residence of the bride's
brother, C. H.. Woerner. The bride was un
attended, being given away by her father,
Jacob woerner of thl» city. Her extremely be
coming- gown was of white erep« de ohm*
ami she carried an armful ot white carnations.
A long tulle veil fell gracefully over the eoft
folds of her gown.
Mr. and Mr«. Johnson will spend their honey,
moon- in Santa Cruz and the Sierra Nevada
Mountains and will be away for several weeks.
Vlralla will be their home. Mr. Johnson being
owner and manager of the water, works there.
Louis Woerner of the Oakland postotflce (j e .
partment Is a brother of the bride. ¦
The latent engagement to come to light la
that of John L. Howard Jr., the Kin of our
Councilman, *enlof of the name, to MIm Edith
NorcroSB of Ban Francisco. The glamour cf
more than ordinary romance is about this en
gagement, for Mr. Howard wooed and won
his father'* private secretary — who Is said,
by the way, to be an accomplished and alto-
Kfrther unusually charming girl. Young, good
looking and wealthy, the groom-to-be was one
of Oakland's most eligible men. Ho Is asso
ciated In business with his father, who is
president of the Western Fuel Company, and
Is a graduate of the University, of California,
where he - was always prominent socially and
In athletic circles.
The wedding will follow clcse upon the pub
lic announcement, taking place next Tuesday
at St. L.uke'8 In San Francisco and will be fol
lowed by a small reception at the home of the
brlde'd mother, Mrs. Eltda Ncrcross. Thelrhon
eymocn itinerary will include Lake Tahoe.
When they return they will make their home at
the Howard mansion on Vernon Heights, until
their own residence, which they contemplate
building almost immediately. Is completed.
Mrs. Howard and Mlsa Jean Howard re
turned from Kurope to be present at the wed
ding.
OAKLAND, July 8. — Love and marriage
¦eems to have become positively epidemic
among Oaklanders and the dieeave Is so fas
cinating that even tho»e who were considered
Immune have recently falk-n victims to i the
Insinuating Cupid mlcrcbe. There is Asa
Mendenhall an;! Frank J-arrabee — both con
firmed bachelor*, we were mire-i-and now
they're both h£pr>y Benedicts. The rfext thine
we know, our genial Councilman, Frank Mott,'
will succumb to the epidemic of nuptial bliss
that Is sweeping everybody into the matrimo
nial heaven.
By Zoe Green Iladcliffe.
MANY WEDDINGS
The committee is acting jointly with
the main celebration committee, whose
headquarters are in San Francisco.
Oakland will be the scene of the State
celebration on September 9, under Na
tive Sons' direction. The local com
mittee has charge of such arrange
ments as will cover the Alameda
County interests in the day's observ
ance.
OAKLAND, July 8.— Permanent or
ganization of the Alamedti County-Na
tive Sons of the Golden West commit
tee on Admission day celebration has
been effected by election of the follow
ing officers: Chairman, L. N. Cobble
dick; vice chairman, J. R. Knowland;
secretary, E. F. Garrison; assistant
secretary. E. GyBuswell Jr.; treasurer.
Frank Barnett/
AlanH'tla . County Native Sons of the
Golden West Name Celebration
Committee Officers.
ORGAXIZE TO FORWARD
ADMISSION DAY FETE
Some dissatisfaction is expressed at
the action of the university authorities
in delaying so long the interpretation
of the Rhodes will, which could have
been done, six months ago as well as
now. The result of the delay has been
a, great loss of valuable time to the
graduates, who studied for and passed
the test, and their futures will have
.to be materially altered In consequence.
Some. of the disappointed ones even
charge that the- university used them
as catspaws, so that In case the under
graduate students could hot meet the
test the graduate students could be re
lied upon to furnish a representative
from the State to Oxford. ,
In choosing the schola'r the commit
tee was guided much by, the provisions
of the Rhodes will, which' demands of
the candidates the following qualifica
tions: First, literary and scholastic
The selection of Crittenden was made
from among six other candidates for
the Rhodes scholarship. His nomina
tion was decided upon after a long
struggle in committee. It was under
stood that the announcement would
not be made for at least a week yet,
because at last accounts the commit
tee had about decided to review the
qualifications of the candidates. With
this understanding Crittenden left for
Congress Springs* this morning, and he
Is as yet unaware of the good fortune
that has fallen upon him.
The sudden decision of the commit
tee to make public its selection is some
thing of an enigma to the candidates
for the scholarship. While none of
the committee will speak, it is under
stood that they had split upon the in
terpretation of the provisions of Cecil
Rhodes' will. In making the rules the
trustees interpreted the will to mean
that graduate studentB may be sent
from America, which is allowed more
latitude than South Africa, whence
only undergraduates will be received.
The California committee, however,
finally agreed to consider only the
undergraduate students In this first
competition, fearing that if it did oth
erwise a precedent would be estab
lished that would be reactionary in its
effect. Thjs decision left only thre«
students for the committee's consid
eration, Crittenden, ¦ C. K. Judy and
W. J. Musgrove being the only under
graduates. It eliminated the foui
graduates— Beverly S. Allen, M. 13.
Deutseh, II. B. Dewing: and F. P. Grif
fiths ' ' . * • S 1 . i' -
GRADUATES DISSATISFIED. A - "
Originally Crittenden came from the
Modesto High School, Modesto having
been the scene of his birth and rearing.
He was born in Modesto twenty-two
years ago. His father is Thomas T.
Crittenden, a man well known in Stan
islaus County.
BOItX IX MODESTO.
Even before coming to the university
Crittenden had achieved some prom
inence. He was one of three young
men to make a run around the world
against time. The three years that he
spent at the Lowell High School in
San Francisco preparing for the uni
versity were notable for the leader
ship to which his fellow students elect
ed him and his prowerj as an athlete.
Crittenden has figured as one of the
leaders of the activities in the univer
sity, and. his. selection is received
with geyral satisfaction. Since coming
to the university he has been Identified
in some way or another with most of the
movements of his fellow students. He
was honored with election to the pres
idency of hi3 junior class. He asso
ciated himself as a staff editor on The
Dally Californian and devoted himself
to athletics.
BERKELEY. July 8.— To William
Clark Crlttenden, a senior in the col
lege of letters at the University of Cali
fornia, is given the honor of first rep
resenting his State and university as
a Rhodes scholar at Oxford Univer
sity. His appointment to the high
est honor In the gift of the university
was announced to-day from the presi
dent's office, the selection having been
made by a committee that was nom
inated for the purpose by President
Wheeler.
The club also wants the extension
of the Key Route into North Berkeley
nnd the reduction of the wires of the
California Electric Corporation from
their high poles on Grove street to
underground conduits. E. J. Martin
reported that he had interviewed John
A- Britton, president of the electric
company, but had not received a def
inite answer to the club's appeals. It
was decided to interest the Town and
Gown Club in th«» work.
BERKELEY, July 8. — The North
Berkeley Improvement Club sees no
better way to boom Berkeley than to
build a big tourist hotel in the town.
The matter was fully discussed last
night at a meeting of the club. C. H.
Street, one of the- leading members of
the club, made such a plea for a ho
tel that he soon got the ears of all the
other members present, who coincided
in his viewe. The upshot of it all was
that Victor Robertson, the president,
was empowered to appoint a commit
tee to gather facts and figures.
I'rgc a Tourist llotrl for llu? Town and
I-iyins of Wires In l"rnl«-r-
STitmml Conduits.
NORTH BKHKKLKYAXS
SEKK DIPltOVEMEXTS
Undergraduate Is Given
Chance to Study
at Oxford.
Because his father would beat him
and his mother was dead, George Tett,
a nine-year-old lad. ran away from
hJs home on Pacific street in San Fran
cisco two months ago and has been
peining a precarious living until picked
up to-day by Constable Tom Carroll
in Fruitvale. Through the efforts of
the District Attorney's office he was
pent out to the West Oakland home un
til his case can be finally disposed of.
The boy saj'R he returned to his
home about a week ago and found
that hil father had moved away and
left his unpaid bills. The elder Tett
is a carpenter by trade and made life
unbearable for the motherless youth.
In his wandPijngs on this Bide of the
bay he pot a home for a few days with
J. L. Gibson in Fruitvale. but his ben
efactor became sick and the lad was
forced to take up his wanderings again.
He slept in warm, corners when he
could not get into a house and says
he did chores h«>re and there for his
meals* Last night he happened to ap
proach Constable Carroll for aid. Th«>
Constable soon satisfied himself that
the case was one for investigation and
took the boy to his home. This morn
ing he brought him before the District
Attorney.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 8.
Quotations of iron and steel products
average slightly lower, although the
markets are almost nominal. Woolen
mills are confronted with a rising mar
ket for raw material, ranchmen at the
West holding the new clipped for bet
ter terms, and the domestic market is
sustained by the London auction sales.
In hides domestic grades of July salt
ing are slightly firmer owing to the
better quality, and the tone is well sus
tained, except for branded hides, of
which receipts are now large.
Conditions remain unchanged in the
market for foreign dry goods.
Failures th.is week numbered 206 in
the United States, against 194 last year,
and 12 In Canada, compared with 24 a
year ago
Midsummer quiet prevails in mercan
tile trade, and the~ past week has wit
nessed much idle machinery at manu
facturing plants, yet the tenor of re
ports from leading cities Indicates in
creased confidence in the future. The
combination of reduced output and
good weather for seasonable merchan
dise has improved the situation by con
tracting stocks of goods in the hands
of jobbers and retailers. Collections at
the end of the fiscal year were also a
little better than anticipated. Trans
porting lines are more active, as shown
by the increase of. 4.2 per cent in rail
way earnings compared with June,
1903,
Wheat (Including flour) exports for
the week ending July 7 aggregate 787,
910 bushels, against 1,127.885 last week,
2.3S0.410 this week last year, 4,404,115 in
1902, and 5,016,149 in 1901.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s review of trade to
morrow will say:
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending July 7 number 179,
against 204 last week, 154 in the like
week in 1903, 195 in 1902, 199 in 1901 and
221 in 1900, ' '
In Canada failures for the week num
ber 14, against 20 last week and 20 in
this week a year ago.
Reports from cotton and oats, how
ever, are favorable. Railway earnings
confirm earlier reports of good June re
ports in the probable increase of 3 per
cent in the gross earnings. Wool con
tinues the strongest of the textiles,
with shifting from the old to the new
clip, accompanied by an advance of
from 1 to 3 cents per pound and con
siderable buying by manufacturers here
and at the West. Primary receipts are
strong and two-thirds of the Montana
clip is already reported sold. The lum
ber trade is rather quiet as a whole.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say:
Trade and industry have been at a
low ebb this week, reflecting vacation
influences, summer shutdowns and gen
erally quiet distributive demand. Chief
interest, of course, centers in the cotton
situation, and the irregular movements
of securities are traceable to uncertain
ty generated by reports of excessive
moisture in the winter wheat belt and
too cool weather for corn.
Charles Tully was president of the
Retail Clerks* Union and returned to
his home with a pass three weeks ago.
The pass was given him by General
Bell for the purpose of allowing him to
nurse his sick wife and two children.
He claims to have been ruthlessly torn
from his family and exiled by a mob.
Frederick Warburton is a miner and
recently returned from a three weeks'
trip to the World's Fair. When he
reached Victor on Wednesday after
noon he was picked up and run out of
the camp with the others.
The men, with the exception of Tully,
say they were horsewhipped and beat
en with guns.
DENVER, July 8.— Four of the six
union men who returned to their homes
in the Cripple Creek district, but who
were deported by two dozen masked
men Wednesday night, with the admo
nition that if they returned they would
be hanged, told the story of the de
portation to President Mover in the of
fices of the Western Federation of Min
ers to-day. President Mover then held
an extended conference with Attorneys
John M. Murphy and Frank J. Hangs.
It 1b understood that criminal action
will be started against a dozen citizens
of the Cripple Creek district who were
recognized by the deported men and
whose names were tumedSover to Presi
dent Moyer. The men who were forced
'out of the district insist that they had
a perfect right there. D. C. O'Neill was
secretary of the retail clerks and had a
pass from General Bell allowing him
twenty-four hours in which to pack up
his goods, but it was disregarded.
James Frazer, a miner, had a similar
pass guaranteeing him the freedom of
the camp for forty-eight hours, but he
was arrested as aoon as he reached
Victor.
llis Mother Is Dead; and
Unnatural Parent 3iade
Him Fear IlisHomecoming
At this afternoon's meeting of the
Board of Public Works, Mayor Olney
referred the communication to City
Attorney McElroy, who said:
"There is unfortunately no munici
pal ordinance which will apply to this
matter. The signboard is inside the
property line and cannot be legally
reached. But I suggest that the pro
prietors of that advertisement be in
formed of the sentiment expressed by
Porter Post, which I have no doubt
is felt by many citizens."
Secretary \V. B. Fawcett of the
Board of Works was Instructed to send
a copy of the veterans' resolutions to
Varney & Green, the advertisers who
control the signboards.
Resolved by Admiral D. D. Porter Po»t.
Orand Army of the Republic, Department of
California and Nevada, that the attention of
Mayor Olney be called to thl« matter with a
view to having this offensive advertisement re
moved at once.
Wherea*. such display Is an Insult to every
true American regardless of politics; therefore
be it
All of this appealed so strongly to
the patriotic members of Porter Post
as a desecration of the high position oc
cupied by the President of the United
States that the subject was laid before
the post at its last meeting, and the
following resolutions were adopted
unanimously:
Whereas, a large painting of the President
of the' United States is conspicuously dis
played at the northeast corner of Webster and
Thirteenth streets in this city an a brewery
advertisement and
The advertisement pictures the Presi
dent in full Rough Rider uniform and
gazing In painted admiration at the
cooling beverage, as If enjoying the
treat soon to follow.
The old soldiers have by formal reso
lutions made protest against the use
of the President's portrait for advertis
ing purposes. They sent their objec
tions to-day in writing to Mayor Olney,
with a request that action be taken to
remove What they declare is an insult-
Ing display.
"Insulting and offensive" are the epi
thets applied by Admiral D. D. Porter
Pest No. 169, Grand Army of the Re
public, to a flaring brewery advertise
ment that pictures President Roosevelt
holding aloft a glass of foaming lager
beer, while in large lettering the merits
of the particular brew are extrava
gantly set forth on a big signboard
stretching across a building at Four
teenth and Webster streets, j
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 8.
Display Pictures Head of
Nation as Chief Figure
hi Brewery Announcement
While the Prince was led off to jail
his promised wife went to San Fran
cisco to get together another $250. She
has promised to return to-night with
the necessary money, and says that if
she can get her lover out of jail and
secure a marriage license the nuptials
will ?till take place.
Mies Falker is a young woman of cul
ture, according to Ranima Aramancha
£engh, who says he met her in Bos
ton. They afterward renewed a pleas
ant acquaintanceship in San Francisco.
They are to go to London, away from
" a country where a gentleman can be
thrown into prison on the unbased
charse of a serving man."
Prince Itaninia Sengh appeared in
court this morning for his arraignment
and entered a plea of not guilty. He
expected to have been able to settle
the cape, and this afternoon was to
have been married to Miss Falker.
They hoped to leave the "wild and
woolly West"' and go to London, where
alone, the Prince says, life is worth
living
"Boston," he said this evening, "is
the home of culture and refinement.
The farther west you come the Ies3
there ia of It, and in San Francisco
there is none. This country Is the
limit, end I ehall be glad to leave It."
While he was saying this he was
seated in the County Jail. After he hart
entered his plea of not guilty this
Jnornlngr the District Attorney request
ed Judge Ureene to increase the bail
bond from $250 cash bail to $500. The
Prince had but $50 with him, and
therefore had to go to jail Instead of
appearing before the hymeneal altar.
The raise in bail was unexpected, but
the District Attorney, in explanation
of his request, stated that $250 was
very low ball for a charge of grand
larceny.
Courts are heedless alike of the loves
of prince and pauper. The wheels of
justice spoiled a marriage ceremony
here to-day that was to have united
ilanima Aramancha Sengh, claiming to
be the Ron of the Maharajah of Lahore,
who presented Queen Victoria with the
famous Kohinoor diamond of fabulous
worth, to Miss Mabel Falker, now of
San Francisco, but formerly of Boa
ton. The Prince has become enmeshed
in the law through a quarrel with one
V. Piffero, a Herving man employed by
"Chris" Buckley at his country home
at Ravenswood. near Livermore. Pif
fero has sworn to a complaint charg
ing the Prince with having stolen
|62 10 from him. %
Oakland Ofl!ce San Francisco Call,
lfiJ6 Broadway. July 8..
3Iabel Ftilker. Who Is, to
Be 31 rs. Eanima Seiigli,
Would Gain His Kelease
George F. and Florence E. Hammaek to
John T. and Dorothea Kerns, tot on W line,
of West street. 62 N of Thlrtv-eightn, N 10
by W 116.64 portion of lot :», block F. Major
Given Tract.' Oakland: $10.
H P Bancroft to H. C Hou-Ilette. lota t4
and 28' (40 by 205 feet). t>lock K. Santa Fe
Tract map No. 2 (deed and agreement). Oak
land:'$10.
Dell C. and F ,T. Woodward to Wickham
Havens, lot on W line of Hillstde avenue, 270
N of Oakland avenu*. X ««* by W :{(tt.«5. por
tion ot lots 5 6. 17 Jtnd H. block I. Central
Piedmont Tract. Oakland: *10.
Cecelia E. Holbrow (single) to Adolf A.
Rewig (single), lot on SW line of East Twelfth
stree' 30 SB of Tenth avenue. SE -"»« bv Sw
88. block 36. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Mary M Eamea (widow) to Reginald H.
Allen lot on S line of Wooloey street. 350 E
of Calais E 50 by 3 1S9L lot IS block E. map
of subdivision of S half of Harmon Tract.
Berkeley: $10
7. T Gllptn to First Xalional Bank of Oak-
Ian.! lot IB. block B. Teachers' Tract. Lortn.
Berkeley; also lot 19. Batchelder Tract. Oak
land: $CCO.
Niels C. or N. C. Lassen fwldower) to Albert
C Lessen (his son), undivided one-half of lot
en 9 line of San Jose avenue. 1S.1-.4 E of Wal
nut street E 33:4" by S 150. portion of lots 14
and 15. In W half of block P, lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda: gift. -
John W Rew to Mlna E. Rew. ,lot on 8\V
corner of Clement or Atlantic avenue and
Chestnut atreet. W T5 by S 100. block «t> prop
erty near Enctnal station owned by ColumTms
Eartlett. Alameda ; gift. -
I>wlRht Hutchinson to Ph«nnie Rlnsrl (wife
of F. A.), lot on S line of Fairview or Sixty
sixth street "24.W W of Telegraph av>nue.
etc.. E 25, SE 120. SW 2T>. XW 12t>. portion
Vicente Peralta rancho". Oakland: tl<*.
George W. Austin to r.u.lwi-r Beru. undivided
one-half of lot on N line of Thirty- fourth
(Brown) street. 24S:» W of West. W S?:« by
N 12O:.1. portion of lots 22 ami -23. block I*,
property of Central I.and Company (formerly
Brown Tract. Oakland; $10.
•Mary Irene Cennell (single) to Frank H.
Ajers, lot 2H block B. map part of Fitcl*
Tract. Alameda: $10.
Daniel Kady or Cady to Ellen Kady (wife),
lot on \V line of Campbell street. Sl:3 3 of
West Herenteenth. S 25 br W 115. lot ». blocl;
"rs» B map resutxlivlsion block 74O and por
tion blocks 73!>. 727 and 7CS. Oakland; al»o
let 24. block 2f/)7, Alden Tract at Temescal.
Ockland; also lot on S line of Thirty-third «r
Nrlan ptre->t, 207 E of We»t. 9 lt)0 by E 34
blctk F, property Central Land Company,
formerly Brown Tract. Oakland: gift.
William and Rose Read to William Obston
(sirslf). lot on E line of Poplar stre»t. 1*4 S
of Sixteenth. S 4O by E 115. lot •». block 3.<*5.
map resubdivl-ion blocks S84 and IS5. etc.
Oakland; ?1O.
Tere*a J. Olsen < Landfgan). administratrix
of the estate of Rc-k r Landre*an. to F. Cafflrt,
all Interest in lota 1 to 4, block 3. Landrcgao
Tract. Oakland Town»Mp; J3CO.
Gertrude K. Eay!»y (widow} to Kruest and
Effle Sisson (Jointly), lot on XW corner of
Sixteenth an«i Ca*tro *tre?ts, N 103:9 by \V
1BO. OaklanJ; ?10.
Harriet E. Sebrlng (widow) to Percy L.
Blias. lot on X8 llr.* el Montgomery str-et,
135 8 of Howard, 9 :«. w Uft.V'i N 35 etc..
E 12«:3 tot i&. block 10, map of resubdlvlaloa
of blocks 10 and 11. Howe Tract. Oakland: *1O.
A J. and 3ophie M. Cruder to Kmelie 3.
Isberg (mingle), lot on N Mn<- of Thirtieth
atrwt. 355 E of Grove. E 10 by N 14O. portion
of lot :«. block 2(«5. map ,? a. j. Snyder't
resubdlvlsion of portion of block 2iX. Rowland
Tract Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Stertlns to Realty
Syndicate (corporation), lota 4 to 8. block O.
revised map of Piedmont Park. Oakland Town.
ship: $10.
Helen L. Thayer (widow) to Thaxter . C
Taylor, lot beginning 70 feet E from riB corner
of Channtng way and Warring stref. E 3i> bf
S 50 portion of lot 2, block D. mar> of sub
divl»lon of block B. Berkeley property, e^c..
Berkeley; $10.
Thaxter «'. Thayer to Helen L. Thayer, same.
Berkeley; $10.
Harvey S- and Laura S. Haseltm* to Mark
T Anhby. lot on NE cornej of RitJ-cell an-i
Cherry streets. E W by N 121>.:K>. lets 17 and
IS block B. University Villa Tract. Ucrkeley;
Mark T Anhby (single) to A. V. and Mart*
E Stubenrauch. same. Berkeley; $10.
Roy J and May Voung to Anna Morgan
(wife of'O>. lot 22. block C. I^onard Tract.
Berkeley; $5. •
Rosy M. Shattuck < widow) and John w.
Havens <wtdower> to H. O. N'ordwick. lot on
N line of Carlton street. 30O E of llllv'.a. k.
SO by N 129. «3. lot 20. block 11. map N<->. 4.
S'rattuek Tract, Berkeley, deed and agree
ment; $10. - •
J A. and Emily V. Mar*' all to John and
AmVlla Jenkln <wlf»). lot en E line of Colleg*
avenue 183 N of Parker street. N 40 by B
135. portion lot 7. block ::, property John
Kearney, etc.. Borl.eley; $10.
Leah F. Mott (sJnxle) to Mary I. Connelt
lot on E line of Chestnut ntreet. 37 N of *<an
Antonio avenue N* 4<> by E 10O. portion lota
1 and 2, in W *i cf block G. lands adjacent
to Enclnaf, Alameda; $10.
Alamcdn County.
FRIDAY. JULY *.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
3Iiners Who Were Deported
by Cit jzens Tell Sensation
al Stories About Exile
ATTORNEYS CONSULTED
SAY IT IS AN INSULT
FIANCEE SEEKS .MONEY
Situation Affected by Re
ports Concerning Winter
Wheat and the Corn Crop
SECURITIES IRREGULAR
«.
SAYS FATHER BEAT HIM
George Tett, a Nine-Year-
Old. Wanders About City
Alone for Two Months
Industries Remain at Low
Ebb Because of Generally
Quiet Distributive Demand
Demand Remqval of a Sign
That Depicts President
Roosevelt Drinking Beer
Prince of India -Was to Lead
Bride to ; the Altar, but
Goes to Jail Instead
President of the Federation
May Start a Suit Against
the Cripple Creek Mob
POLICE FIND
DESTITUTE LAD
OLD SOLDIERS
ARE INDIGNANT
INCREASED BAIL
STOPS WEDDING
MARKET SHOWS
LITTLE LIFE
MOYER TALKS
OF RETALIATION
CRITTENDEN
WINS RHODES
SCHOLARSHIP
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE. SAN KKANUSCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1901.
6
HOUSEHOLD
And
SPOUTING SCALES.
*" A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
In
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In keeping with Its u«ual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pelours Scale Com-
pany or Chicago to manufacture
a special lot of these useful
household and *portlri£ ; scales
caMvtnlly for the ' use . of J Its '
"Want Ad." natrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and
of this week every*-, one
bringing a Want Advertisement
for Insertion In next Sunday's
CALL »vill receive one of these
useful little premiums.
These m-hIi-s sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will
readily rcnllze that THE CALti
is, not only issuing the best
premium* ever offered by a
newspaper, bnt ts giving them a
hcries of useful articles that
cannot be purchased locally for
three and often four times the
actual cost of their littlr* Want
Advertisement. This concession
alone should be a big Induce*
ment to Insert 3-oar ad. In this
paper, not to mentloi. anything
of the -bis returns advertisers
receive from advertisements
placed with THE CALL:
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1°'" Broadwnj.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
J148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
J4.15 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda w9.
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
As a matter of fact, however, teeth
never ache — it Is the nerves. Never
mind, call It what you like, we can cure
It. We will save the achers if possible.
That is. If you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fine dental work
for little money
Gold Pilling*. -Sl.OO; silver rillinffs . .30c
Gold Crowni. .S3.00 Porcelaia Crowns S3
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TAYLOR ST., SA5 TRASCXSCO.
I 973 Wasninjrtoa St, O*"*n*-
«m Snu*. m • • 5»cnun*m»«»Louis G. Monk of 1358 Broadway and
Jacob S. Stahl of 230 Broadway, New
York City, who are guests at the King
Edward Hotel, accidentally disarranged
the paper in a drawer in the bureau in
room 716, occupied by them, and dis
covered bonds and stock certificates to
the v,alue of $300,000. The companies, for
which these stock certificates were is
sued are the Stewart Bottle Stopper
Company of New York, the Interna
tional Copper Company of Arizona and
the Cheriguei Trading Company of New
Jersey.
OTTAWA, Ont., July 8.— To-night's
Montreal Star publishes the following
Toronto dispatch:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Wealth Is Found Under Pa
per in Bureau in Room
Assigned to the Travelers
SEARCHING FOR OWNER
New Yorkers Discover Se
curities Worth $500,000 in
a Canadian Caravansary
FIND FORTUNE
IN HOTEL ROOM
CHEFU, July : 8, noon. — Junks
which passed through the Gulf of
Pechili on Thursday, July 7, report
having heard '.heavy firing at sea all
that afternoon. ¦ -
Heavy Firing Heard.
TIENTSIN, July 8. — Three French
-men who arrived at TaKu yesterday
from Port Arthur, having come over
on a Chinese junk, report that 30,000
soldiers and 10,000 marines compose
Forty Thousand Men Compose the De
fense at the Fortress.
PORT ARTHUR, GARRISOX.
NEWCHWANG, July 7, afternoon
(delayed in transmission). — The Rus
sian forces are everywhere preparing
actively to meet the next Japanese ad
vance. Heavy, firing was heard again
last 'night from the direction of Kai
chcu. • and it is reported that • serious
fighting has occurred. -
PREPARING TO FIGHT.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 8, 1:30 p.
m. — A division -of the Baltic squadron
will sail from Kronstadt July 28 un
der sealed orders. Complete mystery
enshrouds its destination. It Is said,
although nothing is certain on this
point, that the orders for the division
will be opened at five day intervals.
Whether the warships are bound at
once for the. Par East in advance of
other warships may depend on naval
developments at the seat of war, but
there are attending circumstances
which make it seem unlikely that the
division will start on Its long Jour
ney until the other ships are ready.
It is understood that the division will
Destination of the Squadron Will Be
Kept « Close Secret.
BATTLESHIPS TO JIOVE.
ST., PETERSBURG, July 8, 1:30
p. m. — A special dispatch fromySCew
chwang, dated yesterday, says General
Kuroki is advancing all along Ihe line
and adds that Japanese officers are
organizing . Chinese bandit bands
through the Liao Valley for an at
tack on Mukden. .
Brown Men.
Chinese Bandits Said to Be Adding the
KUROKI IS ADVANCING.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 7. — The
Czar has received the following dis
patch from General Kuropatkin under
date of July 5:
"Rifle firing between patrols took
place on July 4 at the outskirts of
Vafangow, south of Senuchen and in
the neighborhood of Polaitza, The
Japanese patrols retired to the south
ward. We lost only horses and a few
men were wounded.
"According to Chinese accounts,
troops were landed at Datchjuangkhe,
thirty-seven miles southwest of Ta
kushan. A Cossack patrol, on July. 4,
pushed forward to Palamatzezza,
where considerable forces of the enemy
were discovered."
Lieutenant General Sakharoff, in a
long report to the general staff dated
July 6, covers much the same ground
as the report from General Kuropatkin.
Sakharoff gives details of a number of
other minor engagements in which the
Russians drove back the Japanese'out
posts and captured patrols, but he men
tions nothing in the nature of a consid
erable angagement or of serious losses
on either side.
-
Kuropatkin in Report to Czar Dc-
scribes Minor Battles.
RUSSIANS NOT IDLE.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 8,. 1:32
p. m.^It, is reported in a special dis
patch from Llaoyang," under yester
day's date, that a persistent rumor
is current there to the effect that a
naval engagement has occurred at
Port Arthur in which : twenty-one Jap
anese warships participated, result
ing in a Russian victory.
Great Naval Battle at Port Arthur Is
Rumored.
RUSSIAN VICTORY REPORTED.
. ST. PETERSBURG. July 8. — In a
long letter from Constantinople a cor
respondent of the St. Petersburg Ga
zette reports an interview with the
Japanese vice admiral, who is at Con
stantinople, with a proposal to re
organize the Turkish fleet. The cor
respondent states that he cannot say
whether the vice admiral's mission is
official or J individual, but he alleges
that the proposal is taken seriously in
high political circles, f :,
Abdul Hamid is eager to obtain the
necessary money for setting, the fleet
in order, but how that is to be done
puzzles everybody and temporarily
balks proceedings. The Turkish states
men who arranged^ the interview be
tween the Russian journalist and
Japanese admiral informed the corre
spondent that emissaries like the nav
al officer and secret agents of Japan
are In the Persian court, in Afghani
stan and even In large towns of Trans-
Caucasia fomenting discontent They
stated that the news that the Gover
nor General of Tiflis would be assas
sinated was received in Toklo a few
hours before the act was committed.
The Russian .Inference, from all this
is that the Japanese are plotting trou
ble for Russia everywhere and are
taking initial steps for a pan-Asiatic
league against the white race.
Mikado's Men Make Significant Move
ment In Turkey.
JAPANESE STIR DISCORD.
General Oku's army is composed of
three divisions, and,. With the Sixth
Division and another unnamed '- di
vision, is marching toward Port Ar
thur. ; ;- r v
JAPANESE OX MARCH.
Four Divisions of Army Moving
Townrd Liaoyang and Haicheng.
"TIENTSIN. July 8.— It has been
learned here from a Russian source
that the locations of some of the Jap
anese trooDS areas follows: The Sec
ond and Twelfth divisions are march
ing from Fengwangcheng in the direc
tion of Liaoyang and Saimatsa. A
division of Guards is near the Yalu
and the Tenth Division is near Taku
shari; both these divisions are march
ing in the direction of Haicheng, and
on their left and right flanks are re
serves from the Yalu.
With thirty Japanese ships engaged
in recent attacks, without counting
that of June 23, no Russian ship has
been destroyed, .indicating how dif
ficult it is for torpedo-boats to cope 1
with battleships or .cruisers when the
latter are. prepared. This is consid
ered to be a lesson of the war and
vindicating Russia's decision to con
tinue her naval programme for the
construction of heavy ships.
Viceroy Alexieff has conferred a
long list of decorations on the sub
ordinate officers of the Vladivostok
squadron, the captains having already
been decorated by the Emperor.
Although no official announcement
to the effect has been made it is be
lieved that the Vladivostok squadron
returned to port several days ago.
include the armored cruiser Admiral
Xakhimoff. the battleship Osliabia,
the protected cruiser Aurora and the
battleship Alexander III, and possibly
the battleship Xavarin and the trans
port » Kamchatka. Great stacks of
charts were put on board the Admiral
Nakhimoff, the Osliabia and the Au
rora^yesterday.
The general naval situation, with
the Port Arthur squadron ready for
sorties at will, and the Vladivostok
squadron embarrassing the Japanese
transport plans, compelling the con
stant presence of Vice Admiral Kam
imura in the sea of Japan, is consid
ered to have improved very much.
There is elation everywhere over the
latest successful cruise of the Vladi
vostok squadron.
TENT OF OSCAR KING DAVIS.
CALL-HERALD CORRESPONDENT
IN THE ORIENT.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 8.— The ap
proach of the Japanese soldiers to
Kaichoa is taken as a crucial feature
of the situation. This leaves an oppor
tunity for a vigordus defense of Kal
chou, bringing south for this purpose
General Kuropatkin, who is still at
Tatchekiao, or for the Russians to
evacuate KaJchou without serious re
sistance, probably concentrating at
Tatchekiao, at which is the end of the
branch railroad connecting Newchwang
with the main line and apparently the
last place where a stand could be made
to prevent the Japanese from pushing
across the peninsula, seizing Xew
chwang and its port and establishing
a new base on the west coast of the
peninsula. The fact that the Japanese
outposts are gradually being pushed
out along the whole front, even to the
north of Llaoyang, as pointed out in the
press dispatches, makes fighting a pos
sibility almost anywnere along the
railroad. The skirmishes around Kai
chou and Senuchen enumerated in Gen
eral Kuropatkln's dispatch to the Czar
are regarded as of no particular impor
tance except for the fact that Siadiama,
one of the points mentioned, is only
eight miles from Kaichou. The skir
mishes near this place, together with
the other skirmishes. Indicate prepara
tions for an advance on Kaichou.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July S.
?tir.r Asuncion. Bridgett. 36 hour* from Re
t'.ondo.
Ptzr.r Phoenix. Odland. 22 hours from Eu
r<ka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
KL'REKA — Arrived July S — Stmr Eureka, nc
July T
ABEP.DEEX— Arrived July 8— Schr Sausa
lito. honce June 22; bktn Wrestler, from Re
dondn; pchr Aibrrt Meyer, from R^dcndo.
Bailed July S— Stmr Rival, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Crntralla. for San Pedro.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
"VICTORIA. B C— Passed tn July K— Nor
timr Titania, from San Diepo for Xanaimo.
6aiV<l July S — ltai bark Regina Elena, for
I'ort Bls-keley.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
English Warships, Under Sealed Or
ders, Hurriedly Leave Weihaiwei.
'TIENTSIN, July 8.— A telegram re
ceived here frorri'"Chinwangtao says
the British ; gunboat Espiegle reached
there on her return from Newchwang
on Jifly 6. It was originally intended to
prevent the EEpiegle from leaving
Chinwangtao for Newctnvang, but the
message to this end was received too
late. The Russians did not allow her
to enter the harbor of Newchwang.
This evidently, was prearranged, for
the ¦ British Consul, Grosse, at New
chwang, - boarded the gunboat outside
the harbor and was In communication
with her officers, I
The British fleet left Weihaiwei hur
riedly yesterday under sealed orders.
The Russian gunboat Sivoutch was
still outside the bar at the mouth of
the Liao River yesterday. She was
practicing firing her guns.
SEOUL, Korea, July 8, evening. —
"Everything is quiet here to-day.
BRITISH FliEET SAILS.
TOKIO. July 9.— After se
vere fighting General Oku
occupied Kaiping yesterday.
Friday. Although the losses
are not indicated it is be
lieved they are heavy.
the garrison of the Russian stronghold
and that the Russians have mounted
700 guns on the heights north of v Port
Arthur. They say also that the Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer Lieuten
ant Burukoff has made in all four"
trips from Port Arthur to Xewchwang.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. July 8.—To
oight the Kaw is falling: here and west
to Topeka, and it is confidently be
lieved that the wcrrs: 'of the flood is
over. Not for many days, however.
will normal conditions prevail at Ar
mourdale, Argentine and the low-lying
portion of Eastern Kansas City. Kans.,
where hundreds of houses of the work
ing class a:e urder water and many
plant* are inundated. In the low por
tion of Armourdale, which is located
in the most unfavorable portion of the
flooded district, the water is from three
to six feet deep.
Arrrourdale is practically abandoned,
the streets running to the rivers, and
this town of 5000 people may never be
rebuilt, two disastrous floods in thir
teen months utterly discouraging' a
majority of its former inhabitants. The
npcrcpate loss will be heavy.
Watrr is running several feet deep
throuph the little settlement of River
side, on the west side of the Kaw
River, in Kansas City, Kans. This dis
trict is suffering: quite as much as it
did last year, because although the
volume of water in the Kaw is not
nearly so great as during the June flood
of last year, the Riverside district this
><?ar must withstand the full force of
The overflow from the Kaw, while last
year the Kaw cut a channel direct from
Argentine ihrough the stockyards and
the '.vest bottoms to the Missouri River.
Argentine, Armourdale and Riverside
are r.ll daraaced as much as last year
for this reason. In Riverside hundreds
cf employes of the packing-houses and
west bottom factories were driven from
their homes, and to-nipht only the tops
of their houses are visible above the
surface of the water. Scores of houses
have boen washed away. The* new
plant of the Nelson Morris Packing
Company is being erected in Riverside.
The unfinished buildings are now sur
rounded by a lake from six to twelve
feet deep.
Looking southwest and northwest
from Riverside, the view is a dismal
one. To the northwest for a mile can
be seen the lowlands of Eastern Karv
*as City, Kans.. and to the southwest
for miles the stricken Armourdale dis
trict, all making one vast lake dotted
with the tops of houses, factories and
<;ther buildings.
Hundreds of Houses Washed
Away and Thousands of
Citizens 3Iade Homeless
AKMorKDALE DESERTED
Fair Weather Permits the Renewal of .Operations and
Japanese Are Concentrating Their Forces and
Drawing Tighter the Gordon About Port Arthur
GREAT DAMAGE
DONE BY FLOODS
Lowland Districts of Kan
sas Entirely Destroyed by
Overflow From the Kaw
GENERAL OKU OCCUPIES THE TOWN
OF KAIPING AFTER HEAVY FIGHTING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1904.
The certificates are all signed by the
parties to whom they are issued and
were evidently transferred to the per
son who left them in the drawer for
safekeeping. Stahl, who is a lawyer,
expressed the opinion that the paper
is as good as gold, and that should the
owners fail to respond to the adver
tisement in the newspapers they .will
proceed to realize on the script and
blow some of it. They are on their way
to the St. Louis fair, and a little extra
money will be a welcome addition to
their baggage. The men, state, however,
tha£ they are anxious "to find the own
ers of the prize.
.According to the register the occu
pants* of room 716 have been mostly
commercial men. Among them were J.
S. Frank of Montreal, C. M. Lawrence
and S. Smith of Memphis, Tenn.; J. T.
Dufferin of Montreal, E. W. Fisher and
wife of Buffalo and the last occupants.
7
BAH.W A Y TBA VTIIi. . . . n .,
/iMhT**v Trains leave »art are dae
/A^CTn^S^^w .^ to arrive at
uEjSV^-ft BAN FRANCISCO. .
\^A i^V ft?) Fao* JciT a. 1904.
\SJ-5^ (Foot of Market Street >
L »« T « - MAIN LTNE. - a»»it B
¦ 700a VacarlMe, Winter*. RamV«y TTSm
7 00a nenlcta, Klmlraanrt Sucr»tB?ntn.. 7.20"
7 -30a Vallejo. N'jp*. L'allatoe>t, Santa
Ho**. Martfises. Saa Kamoa 5 20»
7.30* NHe«,Tr«ey. Lathrop. »v>c*ran 7 28»
800a shi»«» Kzpreaa— <Vi» l>«rl« .
¦ . -.- Wtlllanat (for Bartlett SprjTj*»>.
Wlllowa. trruto. Ke<l 1-lixS,
Tortland. T».-om». feattlo 750»
8-CP* r»»»l».Wood!*n4. Ca!(lila t^ailmz.
.M*ry«Ttlle, Chtro. (»rovi;te 7.50»
B-30A Tort Coota. Martlasz. Antioch.
Byn»n. Tracr, Su>c<ton. K««r-
01 m Loa Kaaoa. M <• n d a t v
Armoaa. Uanfurd. Vltalt*.
PortarvlUe 4 »fl»»
f.3B* r-rt Coata. -M •<!<•» to. M e rr 0 «i.
Fresno. Onabeu Janctlca. Km-
ford, Vlaalia. lUkenneld 4.50*
•3Da Nlloi, San .lour*, Livermore. Sui^'<-
loo. (».M!!t<in). loae, Bftcrttueato.
MaryiTiiie. Chlco. rtwl Blu.T . 4 20»
8 JOa Oakdalf. Chinese. .lam"«:own. 3>
aora. Tuolumne ao4 Aniel* 20»
9 00a Atlantic Express— Oxdenamt R:i»t. 5 20?
8 30a R'rhirond. Martlurz dad Way
Statloaa 6 50»
lOOOAThf Ortrlnnd Llmltct — "« Irr.
Oinhi. Chirnso, Dearer. Ksnias
tltv, 8t. Louis 6 20"
1000a Vallejo 1220P
10.00a Lot Anrelea PaMoaaar — J*ort
Coir a, Msrt'nei, Byroa, Tracy,
l.ntbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Kiymonl. rri'fd. Gothen Jumv
fon. Ilanfurd, Leaioore. Visa! la.
r.akpr«3e!d. Ijou Adk«1'* 72B«
12.00m Hayward. Ntloaand WajStatleat. 3 20=»
11.00P Sanrameulo Hlver 8t»«)ner» M1.0J*
5 3Cp Benlcta. Wlntera. Sacrauicnra.
Wnoiilasil, Willow*. Kaletit*
I KiulltiR. MaryiTille. OroTlIlo
and way »mt!nna 1950a
3.3CPHaywar<i.Xlle»an<lTC*y Stattnm.. 750»
4 80P Martiaez.Snn i:*mnn. Va:>,o,Napa,
CalUto**. Santa i:o«a 9 20a
4 COPJflle*. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.2CP
430p Haywartt. Nl'.cs. lrT'.agtoa. Saat IS-50A
Joae. Lirermorc : J III.SDa
BCOpTHc Owl Limited— Me»nnn. Loa ,
llanos. M -liflfir*. Fresno. Tulare,
BakcraSeld. Los Adkc1««.' 8.50a
tS 3Cp najward. Mies ami nan Jose 7.20a
600p HaywKn]. Nllesaad SanJoie 9 IUa
S.OOpEMtern Exprns— Ofden. Omaha,
, Chteajro. Dem-sr. Raui*i City,
bt. Louis, via Martiaez. Stockton,
Sacrmnent". CoJfux. tleno 12 SO* 1
6. OCp Vallejo. dally. »xc«»pt duaday... » -, .»_
7 OCp Vallejo, SunUay only.....". f ' 3B *
7.0CPl{i«-Um«>n<l. San Pablo. Pots Carts,
1 Martrnez ar-1 TV»r Str.uoat 11 20A
/XQPlirno Passeuger— Fort Cbsr.a. Soi-
¦un. Eiiolra. Paris. KacTamento.
Trackee. Lake Tabnc. - Rt'ao,
Tonopab. Sparks 7-SOa
tGSPPnrt Costa. MarUntt. Byron.
Tracy, Laikrop. J* • A e a t a.
Merced. Berroda. > fino and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20j»
8 05p Tosemlte Vailry. Tta ll«renda.and
ffiwnij 8 50*
SJJSp Mtrtlaex. Tracy. Stockton .... .. 1020a
8 ObP Or«eon it C.ilif oruta Express— Sae-
r»a«nto, MaryiTllle.- Reddlag.
PortUod. Pacet floaad an* Km. 8-50A
9.10p Bay warif. Nlles sad San Jose (Snn-
Jay only > ;.... . 11. BO A,
COAST LINE (>arr»w Uasft).
(foot or Marlcet Slrgtit.J
7.45 a Santa Cruz EircamlotHSrtn Jay only) 81 Urn
8.15a Newark. £«nlervtll«. Sao ' Jose.
Fe 1 ton. Bontder Create. Bis Basia.
Santa Croi and Way Stations... 6 53 *
tfl-15A Alrsrsdo. Newark, Saa Jom. Los
Gttes.Glsnwood. Feitoa.Boulder
Creefe. Blsr Dastn. Santa Crai.:.. 8 1fl»
12-Hp Newark. CenterrUle. Saa Jose.
New Almftdea. Lo* 6ato«.Felt«n,
Boaider Cr«t«k. Santa Croi aod
Principal War 8tatlons ......... 10. 55 a
4.1Ep Newark. San Jose. Los Gate*..... ?8.55*
4.15P Wright. Bonlder Creek and Caati
Crrtz. Baturday and Sunday oBty. >8-55a
COAST LINE (Urwd «»iv.
Or ( f >lrd and Townseid 8U«qU.)
8.10a S»a Jose and Way Stattona 8 30»
17.00a San Jose aad Way Stations 6.40P
7.15 a Monterey and Saata Crni Kzcar-
sl«n (Sunday only) 13 30»
8 00a New Almaden (Tnes.. Krld.. only). 4.10*
8X0a Th« CoasteT— San Jos*. Saltnaa.
8an Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Marjtriu. Saa Lais Oblspo,Ssata
Bar bars. Stn BaeBaTanmrs,
. ' MontslT*. Omars', Burbaai. Los
Angeleii ;..:..... 10 4J»
t 00a GUroy. HolHstcr. Castrortne. Del
Monte. Paclflc Grove, Sarf. Lorn-
' poc ; 1043»»
9.00a 8an Jose. Tr«a Pinoa. Cspltola, •
Santa Crnz.PaetfleGroT«,SA]lnaa,
8an Lnia Oblspo and Prlnclpai
Way Stations ". 410*
10.30a Eta J«se sad Wiy Stitlons 1-2D»
11 -30a Bantu Ctsra. bsn Jose. Las Gatot
sad Way Stations 7.39*
1-30p San Jose and Way Stations 8 Ha
tSOSpD*! Monte Kxpresa— Saata Clara. >
Ban .Io«». Del Monte^ilonterey,
-— PaetBeersTo 12-15s>
3-30P BnrlinjTiEBe, Saa Jose. GUrey, Hoi-
lls»er, Tres Plaoa. Pslaro* C»pl-
toia. Santa Crni. CastrOTflle,
Sallns*. Pacific Oroff... 10.45*.
4 30p Fan Jimir and Way Suttons f8 00a
t5 OOP Santa Clara, dan Jose. Lo* «a!o«,
Wrt^ht and j>nnr!»al Way Sta-
tluns (except Sunday). tt.OfA
(6-30p SanJoneandPrtacipalWayStatlOSM S3 4Ja
b 46p Sunset Express.— ltsdwood. San
Jose, Gt!ror.SaUnas.PMo lublea.
San Luis obit j>o. Santa Bartiara.
Los Anjrf In, l>eir!a». El Paso.
New Orleans. S«w Terk 7.19a
6.45p Pajaro. Capttola, Ssata Crw, Cat-
troTille.Dei Monte.Pacifto Grove. 10-45*
t6 16p baaMateo.Beresford,BelBB«Bt.Sam
Carlos. .Redwood, Fair Osks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tt.48A
G 30p Saa Jose and Way Stations 8. 33a
8 OOp Pslo Alto and Way Sutlons....... 10.15*
1 1 .30p souih Ssn Francisco. M illbraa, Bnr-
_ Ilnxame. San Mateo, BellOoat,
Fan Carlos. Redwood. Fatr Oalct,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45*
HI 30PMsyneld. Mountain Vlsw. Sonny.
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jons ......' t9.45»
A lor Moraine. P for Afternoon.
tSnnda* exeepud- trtundnyonly
*> 6atard»7 snly. b Moad*y only.'
i biops ax sii. station) oa SaadaJ.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
?la Sansallto Perry.
SUBURBAN" SEKVICli STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week da/s. at
630^7:10 7:45. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 «, m.
Ul-40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:40. 3:15.
! 4C0 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:00. 10:.»0.
ii-35 u. m- Sundays and lexal holidays depart
at 710. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. ll;4O
a m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:157*5 50. tt:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. U:25
£t San Francisco, week day*. c :17
7 W) 7-35 3:15. 8:45. 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m *
2°« iVO. 2;50. 3:05. 4:20. 5:05 5:40. e:^
6-55 '7-55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays *nj
legal holidays extra trains arrlv* at 12:45. 2:05.
I 8: | ! or P Fa?rfax. week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
I •VIS d. m 5:15 p. in. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and S-.15 P- ROUGH TRAIXS .
T-45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
; 9I15 a. ra. Sundays only— For Pomt Keyes.
' l 3:15 p. m- «5allT except Sunday— For Caza-
A %°-\b p." •»?'. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day— -For Toint Reyes, etc.
T:l& p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyea,
etc. * *
8-15 p. m.. Sundays cnly-»-For Caaaaero. etc
TICKET OFF1CF— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union DecoC root ot Market at, ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF 1"T£E
OOXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
OF THE^
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
GF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and fcr the year ending on that
cay. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th«»
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
'..:'.' t) Code, condensed aa per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capita! Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS. ~ ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Ti-r.<Lr owned by Company.. Jl, 026.675 00
<ar. In Banks 91.858 94
Irtere« due and accrued on all
Stockt and We.r.r 4.754 51
Premium* In due Course of Col-
lection , 62.61144
Total aaseta J1.1S6.099 94
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~~~
Lossea in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $70,509 00
Lceses resisted. Including expenses 2,710 00
Groea premiums on Fire Risks
running cne year or less. Jiiil,-
111 60; reinsurance 80 per cent.. 825,555 80
Grcss premiums on Fir* Risks
runnlnr mcr» than one year,
S214.6S2 40: reinsurance pro rata 118,046 98
Cath dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid \ 17,4S« 47
Total liabilities ' WCT g
INCOME. — — —
Net ea*h actually received for Fire
premium* *S45,&62 »0
Receiv«d fcr lrt»r»«t and dividends
on Bon£«, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 38.254 42
Total lncciae (883.817 32
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount r • ¦•*. for Fire Losses
(including *5C,M«i. locses of pre-
vious yeam $481,508 49
Paid cr allowed for Commission
or Brokers ge 237 749 37
Paid fcr. Salaries. Fees and other
charges fcr officers, clerks, etc.. 2 520 00
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes ¦... < 28 6«5 SI
All other payment* and erpandl-
»««• 4.900 43
Total expenditures $755,343 63
Lot»e« incurred gurlr.g the year. ...$456.3CT 49
P.itks and Premlumg.;rire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount' of Risks ~— —
written during the
rear ............... SS5.8S4.S39 $1,143,869 44
N>t amount of Risks
expired during the
r*xr 108.182.481 I.406.S04 13
S"t amount In force ,
Deonnb^r 31. 1903.. | 65.411.738 SgS.7fe4 00
ALBERT II. LEDOUX. Vice President.
CHARLES S. COXKLIN. Secretary
5=ubwrtbed and fwnrn to before mt thia 3th
Jay efFebruarr. 1904. ' alB
CHRIS BAMBACH. Notary Public.
C. A. HENRY & CO., General Agents
215 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
California, Alaska. Arizona, Idaho, Mon-
tana. Nevada. Oreroa. Utah, Waih-
inctoa and Hawaiian ZtlanOs,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 0 and 11),
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan, Wrangel,
Juneau. Haines. Skagway,
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m., July
U, 14. 19, 24, 20, Aug. 3.
Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
BeJlingham— 11 a. m., July 9, 14, 10. 24, L>9.
Auu. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
or Taooma to X P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
l". Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :30
p. m., July I), 15, 21, "7, Augr. 2. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. July 12, 18, 24, 30. Aug. 5.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Kedondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos; Port Hanford (San
Luis Obispo'), Ventura and Hueneme,
Boi.ita, 9 n. m., July 10. 18. 2t>. Aug. 3.
Coos Bay, » a. m.. July 14. 22. 30. Aug. 7.
For Ensenada,' Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guavma.s (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season l!tO4 —
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria July 19,
Aus. 2.
/ For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or, sailing dates.
j TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market St., and Broad-
way wharves. Preifrht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York, Saturdays. 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia July 16|New York July 30
St. Louis July 23|St. Paul ..Aug. 6
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LIWE.
New York— London Direct.
! Minneapolis .< July 16, 8 a. m.
i Mesaba July 23, 9 a. m.
MInnetonka July 30. 7:30 a. m.
Mlnnehaha Aue. 6, noon
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion ..July 16[Canada July 30
Southwark July 231 Vancouver Aug. 6
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12,500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. rn.
Potsdam July 19|Ryndam Aug. 9
Rotterdam Aug. 2|Noordam Aug. 18
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Pari*.
From New York. Saturdays, at 1O:.".O a. m.
Zeeland July lHIVaderland July 30 1
Finland July 23lKroonIand Aug. 6
WHITS STAR LINE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
I Majestic. July 20. 10 am] Arabic. ..July 29, 6 am
! Cedric.JuIy 22. 1 pm|Teutonlc.Aug. 3, 10 am
Oceanic. July 27, 5 pmiCeltlc Aug. 5. noon
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cretic ..July 28, Aug. 25. Sept. 22
Republic (new)... Aug. 11. Sept. 8, Oct. B
Cymric Aug. 18. Sept. 15. Oct. 13
NEW SERVICE PROM BOSTON.
Past Twin-Screw Steamers •--
Of 11,400 to 15.000 Tons.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE 1, Vv:5 :
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR, NAPLES. GB3TOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17, Oct. 29. Dec.'.i
CANOPIC Oct. 8, Nov. 19;
First class. 505 upward, depending on date. i
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Gwst,
21 Post st., San Francisco.
Jfamburg-Jtmerican.
Semi-Weekly Twin-Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMBURG.
tPretorta July lfl Bulgaria July 30
Hamburg July 511 *Deutschland ..Aug. 4
JWaldersee July 2.'! tPennsylvinla .Aug. C
•tMoltke July 28 tPatricla Aug. 13
•Has grill room and tKymnaslum on board. .
twill call at Dover for London -and Paris.
HAMBUBG-AMEBICAH LINE.
Office*. ."5.1 and 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4Ot CALIFORNIA ST.
occanics.s.ce. »hs*se
S S.' ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 16, 11 A.M.
s' S Sonoma, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. July 28. 2 P. M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti.August 0, 11 A.M.
I.D.SPBECKELS&BROi C0.,ilts.,TlC£2t 0I8C361J Ili-
lei Freight (ffics 3&Mirotu,. ?isrf. .fu\[\ SL
cOKPAGJIIE GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQ(r£.
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »^^
Sailing every Thursday instead or -ijmERTi
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42i w«i«BF
\ North" Klver. foot of Morton st. .
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. (45 and upward. GEN-
ER^L AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA "32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York*. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclnc Coudt
AceiU£. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets said by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
To TJ. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
' Stmr H. J. Corcoran— Leave? fi. F.. foot or
Clay st.. north end ferry . bldg.— Week days.
0-30 A. M.. 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays. 9:30
a' M.. H P.--M. Leave Vallejo — Week days.
6'5O A. M..' 12:20 and 5:30 P M.; Sunday*. S
p' m. ' Fare, ¦¦ 25c ¦ each " way.. Excursion rates.
Sundays. to Vallejo. Glen' Covp and Martinez..
80o round trip. PIPER, ADEN. GOOD ALL
CO., phone Main C41. 'Saturday excepted.
. To XT. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
STMUS. OE.N.: FRISBIE. - MONT1CELLO and
ARROW- tf:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
M.. 6:00 P. M., ;8:30-P. M. <ex. Sunday);
Sundays,' 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 ' A. M.. 0:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON
3:15 p. m., 6:0« p. m. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days, 7:00 A. M., 4:15 p. tn. Landing and
office, 'Pier 2. foot Mission «t. Phone Mala
1608. HATCH BROS.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
| - Fac-simile Signature of /&^?gg~ z g
SALLOW SKIN "^^^^™™^*™Ba
n ¦ % ft r r > BmalJ Pill.
tu TntirU.u I I\/^« •mtllOoi* ¦
They TUUUn the £3.8 V ILaR tmall Prict.
Genuine Wrappef Printed on ¦ • ,t j
BED PAPER Ji^ifSSSL /^^^^^
I The Coolest Route!
I Eastward I
! Is 'the route used by the Bur- |
1 lington palace and tourist e
I sleeping cars. Through moun- H
1 tain canons and watered valleys 9
| with only a minimum of arid B ¦
I land to cross. None but the r
| fastest trains; none but the R
| coolest cars ; none but the B
| cleanest tracks. These things |
| are important just now. Let I
1 me explain them a little more B
H W. D. SANBORN, General Agent. - fi
S hist 631 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal. I
BcALIFOR N I A H
H LIMITED TO CHlCACOl
¦ LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS i
rt at it :.' JO a. m., through in 3 days, H |
H with diner aad all trapplmf . H
Other Santa. 7a Trains:
7 :30 a. m. 1 for Stocktcn. Fresno, BakersfleM,
8-OOp' raj Merced, Hanford and VIsalia.
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
UM FPAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
— SAXLWAT COIOFANT.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN PRANCISCO TO SAN BAPAEL.
WKKK HAYS — 7:^0. 8:0O. 9:0O, 11 :W a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3~.4O, 5:10. 5:30. 6:30 and ll:3O
P. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m. %
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:00 0:30, 11:00 a. ra. ; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEIt TO SAN FSANCXSCO.
W KiiK DAYS — «:0t». 6:jO, l:,ii>, 1:Mt. v:2\),
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 3:-'O.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 6:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. .
Leave j In EfTect I Arrive
San Fran, j May 1. 1004. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a \ 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a S:OOa ' 8:40 a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Iynaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:P.0p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
iiiSp 1
7-30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:2Oa
2::»0p S):30a Petaluma. «:2(>p B:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 P Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 I 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:O0a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:o0p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor. i
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
| Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 pf 7:25 p
Clov*rdale. ' ]
7:30a| 7:30 al . Hopland 110:20 a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
! j j Wllllta. j I
7:30 a| 7:30 af Sherwood. | 7:23 pf 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2 :30 p| ' 2 :30 p[ Camp Vacation. ( 8:45 p| 6:20 p
*8:00~a 8:00*a 8:40 a| 8:10a
6:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 pi 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p)
7:30 al 7:3Oa| 110:20 al 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 y
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. KelueyvMe. Carls-
bail Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
strings; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Strings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper I-ake. Ppmo p o tter Valley,
John Day's. Ulverslde. Llerley s. Bucknell's.
fcSanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*. Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Sluvens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal: at Wlltlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton- '
ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass/ Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
~ LeaTO Tla Saisalit* Ferrj ArriTe
Sag Frauciaco Mt «f Market St. 3an Francisco
Week San- sun- Week
Day*, day*. /f»»*&5pV d »> s - _5 a Z s -
~8T30l f^^eSa 12:45 P* 8:45";
10:00a uSSSgfftggp 2:05j-mi : 05a
10:00a 11:00a \8&CS5raT 3:35 r 3:35 f
1:45 r 12:20 r 5:40 r 6:15 I
6:15 r 1:45 p \g&P r 6:15 p 10:05 i
.;...... .4:35 r 8:50p ........
• tl» CrtTitj far. ' * Taadaait t» B1U Tality.
Tickkt 4626 Market St. (North fihore Railroad)
Orricu land SaUbaUIO Fkkuy, foot Market St.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . . . ,y; Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY .....:...., .'. . . . . . ,~~ . . JULY 9, IQQ-T
Editor— This stuff isn't poetry! . It's
the; wcrst ,r:t I ever saw! ', Poet— Oh,
come now! I tried to sell it to a
popular song house and they wouldn't
take it.— Puck. ¦'
ST. PETERSBURG, June 22. — Little
surprise was occasioned in official cir
cles here by the news of the assassina
tion of Nicolas Ivanovitch Bobrikoff,
Governor General of Finland. The re
lentless measures which he adopted to
crush out every vestige of liberty
among the Fins arrayed against him
every instinct of patriotism of that
sorely oppressed people, and it was felt
that it was only a question of time
when one would arise to rid his coun
trymen of their .tyrant.
Eobrikoff was chief of staff of the
fynbrikoff's Killing Expected.
Several very proper visitors to' the St. Louis Exposi
tion have made vigorous protest to President Roosevelt
against the alarming lack of civilized garb that distin
guishes some of the semi-savage representatives of the
Philippine Islands. The critics should remember that
propriety is not prudery and that even truth looks good
to man when* it is naked.
The Supreme Court of Nevada granted a new' trial. re
cently to four convicted murderers, one of whom stood
self-confessed of the terrible crime of which he is ac
cused. It is not generally that we are given so clear an
illustration of the fact as this, that law is not always
justice in American courts.
COTTONY CUSHION SCALE-9. R-
M.. City. The State Board of Agricul
ture-elves the following as a wash to
be used on fruit trees affected with
cottony cushion scale: "Rosin, twenty
pounds: caustic soda (70 per cent), six
pounds; fish oil. three pounds. Place
these Ingredients in a large boiler,
pouring over them about twenty gal
lons of water, and cook thoroughly over
a brisk fire 'for at least three hours;
then add hot water, a little occasion
ally, and stir well until you have not
less than fifty gallons of hot solution.
Place this in a spray tank and add cold
water to make the necessary amount.
Never add cold water when cooking."
The amount mav be diminished by re
ducing the proportions of Ingredients.
Townsend's California Glacs fruits in
artistic ft re-etched boxes. 715 Market st.«
Sourees of the Peerage.
"Progress is revolution in disguise
and by degrees," a well-known Tory
has recently said, "it is destined to
make the peers powerless and the poor
ptosperous." The description will re
mind many of the phrase ottered by
Cromwell! "There will never be a good
time in England till we have done with
the- lords." BBlgSj
What is the value of our peerage of
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Pr*ss CUpplng Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
if oruia street. Telephone Main 1012, •
John Alexander Dowie is home again and a scoffing
world jeers no more at his pompous pretensions' His
progress was anything but royal, but in the record of it
he has seen fit '.to place San Francisco upon his. bad
books. This is clearly one of the best recommendations
that we have received in some time. Dowie should con
gratulate himself that he has been of use to some one.
WHILE the Djrople of theBray, Elmhurst, Mel
rose, Lockwood and Fulton school districts in
Alameda County arc considering ways and
means to provide a union high school that shall
accommodate the boys and. girls in those districts, the
Women's Council of^ Sacramento is similarly concerned.
Sacramento needs a new high school structure and is
striving to obtain it. The Alameda County districts
that have been named must either have their own
accommodations or send abroad to take the higher edu
cational branches the pupils who come from the gram
mar grades.
A meeting has been held in Fruitvale and it was
there stated; by T. O. Crawford, Superintendent of
Schools, that an expense of $j 0,000 will be necessary the
first year to rent and equip a building and employ the
necessary teachers and that the cost for the second
year will be about half that of the first.
Sacramento's proposition naturally involves a greater
outlay. If the voters consent bonds will be issued to
erect a building adequate to the city's needs for "many
years. The office of the Women's Council, as they view
it, is to persuade the voters that ft is necessary and
HIGH SCHOOL MOVEMENTS.
BACK PAY— Subscriber. Sharon. Cal.
If you have a claim against the United
States, Government for back pay as In
dian agent on a California reservation
between 1850 and 1839 address a com
munication to the Congressman of the
district In which you live.
Another glorious advance has been made by British
arms in Tibet and hundreds more of inoffensive people
have fallen before the march of greed and aggression.
The British mission to the unfortunate country has be
come a "war." The next step will be the justification
and glorification of British soldiers by British states
men and then the incident will be considered closed.
FORESTERS— Subscriber. City. The
first court of the Ancient Order of For
esters in San Francisco was instituted
December 23. 1974. It was also the first
on this coast.
14 timers to Queries.
The "hobo girl." that strangely undesirable evolution
of modern America, has reached .Oakland "and proves
herself as completely as unlovable as she has been, rep
resented. The "hobo girl" is a woman tramp, more de
graded, more offensive and infinitely more pitiable than
the male of her - association. She should.be made to
know that society will 1 insist up.on protecting, her from
herself, even if she has to be punished in the process.
An internal revenue system for the Philippines has
been, established by the Federal Government and great
promises of a self-sustaining island colony glitter in the
air of national finance. There is at Jeast some gratifi
cation in the fact that while the Filipinos plainly can
not govern themselves on* a great .American standard of
conduct, they will at least be forced to pay us for
making the attempt.
A very simple method of locating
fractures in bone?, particularly in Ions
ones, by the aid of a tuning fork la
proposed by a Chicago surgeon." A
stethoscope is placed over the bone
as near as possible to the point of sus
pected fracture and on the side where
the skin is thinnest. Then a vibrating
tuning fork is placed against the flesh
near the bone, but on the other side
of the fracture if possible. If the bone
is continuous a distinct, clear sound
will be heard in the stethoscope, but
if the break is between the two, this
sound- will be faint and irregular. &i
the vibrations will not be transmitted
past the break. Of course this method
depends upon the fact that hard bont*
is an excellent conductor of vibration,
while tissue is not. • Perhaps even a
more valuable application of this Idea
would be in finding out when a break
has knitted properly, for when the
joining Is again perfect the sound will
be as clear as that of an unbroken
bone.
Locating Fracir.rc of Pone.
"This applicant in almost perfect
physical condition, as indicated on the
accompanying chart. His biceps and
chest ' measurements above the aver
age. I have marked eyesight and hear
ing each at 100. Recommend that the
applicant be passed. He would make
a good brakeman, and after awhile
might be trained for the post of loco
motive engineer. Appears . to have
nerve as well as good eyesight."
The millionaire, crack polo player,
keen-eyed marksman and all-around
athlete donned a cardigan jacket over
an outing shirt, and, with an old cap
on his head, sought the Wabash's phy
sical examiner. The result of the in
terview, as subsequently reported by
the examiner and passed up to Mr.
Gould by Mr. Ramsey, ran something
as follows:
After a moment's reflection. President
Ramsey replied: "There is a new ex
aminer in Pittsburg who came from
New England, and I am sure that he
never saw you. I will give you an or
dinary card entitling you to an exam
ination and you can go alone and see
him."
"You have got this thing down fine,
Ramsey," remarked Mr. Gould, after
scrutinizing the book of rules and the
physician's question blank.
"Yes, I think our method covers all
the points," said President Ramsey.
"Anybody that passes this examination
can felicitate himself on being a pretty
good man."
"Say, I would like to try it," said Mr.
Gould, impulsively. "Have you an ex
aminer on the line that does not know
me?"
George J. Gould and President Ram
sey of the Wabash Railroad have been
inspecting that system very closely this
spring and one of the features that
excited Mr. Gould's interest was the
system of physical examination estab
lished by President Ramsey some time
ago, says a New York telegram to the
Baltimore American. All applicants
for places and all employes connected
with the movement of trains are re
quired to submit to a thorough exami
nation as to their physical' condition,
eyesight, hearing, quickness of action,
etc..
Gould Stood the Test.
Gone was Nellie's determination to
take a vacation. She slowed down ahd
as the machine repeated the strain
stopped. Nellie's runaway was ended.
a can here and there, dodged through
Seventh and swung into Howard head
ing for the ferry- Probably she ex
pected to fetch up in some rich Ala
meda hayfield. But she didn't. A big
phonograph with a megaphone at
tachment was howling from a saloon
as the runaway drew near and just
then it sang,
"Hey Nellie! Ho, Nellie!
. Bring the broom along —
Hey, Nellie! Ho. Nellie!"
¦ Bobrikoff enforced this programme
with ruthless severity and seemed to
delight in the opportunities offered
him to show his aversion and contempt
for the dearest traditions and senti
ments of the people whom he had
been sent to rule. Wholesale decrees
of exile and deportation to the interior
of Russia were issued against the most
distinguished leaders of Finnish opin
ion. All the leading newspapers were
suppressed. Education, except of the
most rudimentary sort, was practi
cally forbidden. The Polytechnicum
in Helsingfors, the only technical in
stitute in Finland, was closed. All
meetings of students were stopped. A
Count was exiled because his wife, who
had the misfortune to be an excellent
singer, gave concerts in aid of Finnish
schools. Protests proved worse than
useless. They were invariably follow
ed by still more ruthless acts of op
pression.
Sqme of the leading jurists of Eu
rope joined in an address to the Czur
protesting against the flagrant viola
tions of Finland's constitutional
rights. The Czar's acknowledgment
of it took the form of a decree invest
ing Bobrikoff with despotic powers
and empowering him on his own re
sponsibility to take whatever r steps he
might deem necessary in the event of
the measures adopted by the Finnish
authorities proving insufficient. He
made full use of his extraordinary
prerogatives and his iron grip tight
ened upon Finland. He turned the
Senate into a Russian police bureau,
in which only the Russian language
was spoken and only his own orders
carried out; he appointed Russians to
all important offices and overran the
country with Russian spies. In the
eyes of the Finns he becme the incar
nation of the most merciless form of
Rusisan tyranny. Deprived of every
legitimate means of obtaining redress
against the tyrant it is small wonder
that his assassin, Herr Schaumann,
should have concluded, as he stated
In -a letter found on his body ad
dressed to the Czar: "There is only
one way to take in self-defense for
rendering him innocuous. The rem
edy is violent, but it is the only" way."
In a message to Bobrikoff's widow
the Czar has declared that Russia will*
ever treasure her husband's memory as
that of ji true hero and. noble patriot,
but. history will" pronounce a highly
different verdict upon him. He trans
formed Finland from a loyal province
to one that would welcome any oppor
tunity to rid itself of the Russian
yoke. When Nicholas I had to con
front the united forces of France and
England he intrusted the care of hi3
capital to the Finnish regiments and
full worthy did they prove of the trust
imposed in them, but Czar Nicholas II
would not dare now employ them for
a similar purpose. Whatever perils
may -beset his empire' he must know
that It would be futile tovu>neal for
the support of his subjects in Finland,
whose chartered liberties he sent Gen
eral Bobrikoff to trample under fool
and against whose laws, traditions and
language, he ; conspired .with. M. de
Plehve and all the -forces of reaction.
ively sworn on their succession to
ONE OF THE GOOD OLD TIME
SONGS BREAKS IN VERT OP
PORTUNELY.
THE LATE GOVERNOR GENERAL
BORR1KOFF OF FINLAND, VIC
TIM OF AN ASSASSIN. - i
The good time is Just over yonder
Where the light in the clear heaven
shines;
The blithe biids are singing 1 ,
The plat! bells are ringing.
And tho wind whispers sweet to the
vines!
There is never the ghost of a sorrow,
¦ And love is reality sweet.
And heaven seems so near
That the angels we hear
. And their songs in our hearts we re
peat!
The souls that through trouble have
striven.
They rise to an infinite height;
Lov«.-fciftfd and strong.
With no slsrh in their sons.
They dream in the lilios and light!
The dppp wings of peace brood above
them.
And never a thorn's in the sod;
They pass to the slory
Of h»avon'« old story.
Tht beautiful g;«rdon*of God!
— Atlanta Constitution.
Hope.
Among other noteworthy fiction features will be one
of Norman Duncan's famous Newfoundland stories,
"The Chase of the Tide," told with all the vigor and
strength that have made this author famous as a writer
of stories of the simple, rugged fisher folk of the New
foundland banks: "A Corner in Paradise." an original
little storiette by Keith Gordon, aptly illustrated; stori
ettes by Colin S. Collins, Euphemia Holden and Ruth
Santelle, all names familiar to magazine readers; "That
Terrible Fiscal Question," by Jerome K. Jerome, and the
usual Sunday morning talk by the Parson and a pithy
fable by Nicholas Nemo.
The leading special article is a sympathetic study at
dose range of Henry T. Oxnard. the sugar magnate,
which is of especial interest in view of the possibility of
his being chosen as the next Senator from California.
The article is by Alfred Dezendorf and deals especially
with the personal side of Mr.. Oxnard and his home life.
In "The Hand-Painted Summer Girl," Augusta Prescott
describes the latest Eastern fads in fancy decorative
hand- painted work on fans, parasols, hats and various
articles of dress; in "The Natural Woman," Colonel Kate
gives some good advice as to preserving beauty without
artificial aids; Helen Rowland contributes a page on
"The Domestic Training of the Tot," and on the
Women's Page Madge Moore describes the latest femi
nine type, the "Fichu Girl."
"A Morning Row on Stow Lake" in three colors is
the first of a series of full-page drawings by John F.
Woolrich, depicting scenes and incidents in Golden Gate
Park and on the Ocean Beach. These will appear from
time to time. The puzzle page, as usual, announces the
names of the one hundred and fifty lucky guessers and
furnishes material for a new contest. "Pop Goes the
Weasel" willbe^ found upon the music page, which, as
usual, is in colors.
THE feature of The Call Magazine to-morrow will
be the first installment of "In the Bishop's Car
riage," the novel which, since its appearance a
few months ago. has rapidly leaped into favor as
one of the few entirely original novels of the' past few
seasons. It is from the pen of Miriam Michelson, for
a long time a member'of The Call staff^and who, until
her departure for the wider fields of the' East some time
ago, was one of the best-known newspaper women in
this State. /;.-
The novel is an elaboration of a short story by the
¦same title which appeared in one of t the magazines and
which made such a forcible impression that Miss Michel
son was at once requested to continue the adventures
of the irrepressible Nance, which she did with such
signal success that the book has been enthusiastically
heralded as the one literary find of the year. The story
deals with the career of Nance Olden, the female accom
plice of a professional crook, and with her ultimate re
generation, and is at times exciting and always interest
ing. The story will be fully illustrated and will be pub
lished complete in four installments.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
According to the latest repo/ts from the -scene of
newsless war 'in the Orient the Russian battleship Ret
viran is not only afloat, but recently made twenty knots
an hour in a speed test. Within the brief, period of a
few months the Rctvizan has been destroyed, restored,
destroyed again and again floated to affront the en
emy. If this sort of thing keeps up the Flying Dutch
man will be a worn-out theme of wonder even for chil
dren.
Charles Wyndham revived "The
Liars " at his new theater last evening
for the last time. For the last, because
the acting rights of this Jones play
will run out at the 'end of next week.
The author, however, was not on hand
to oversee the rehearsals. Mr. Jones is
at the seaside working on a new play,
which It is understood has been com
missioned by Wyndham.
It was announced some time ago that
arrangements were complete for pro
ducing Pemberton's maiden comedy in
the United States, and after some prun
ing has been done it may enjoy some
favor with audiences at home.
It really does seem as if a new pian
isi of the first rank had arisen. He is
an American, too, although he has
been eighteen years away from home,
and is now, perhaps, more Teuton
than Yankee. His name is Otto Voss
and his two piano recitals in London
have focusod on him much critical
attention, the general feeling being,
apparently, that even Paderewski has
found a rival in this clean cut, solid
looking young man of 28 or 29. When
he was 8 or 10 years old he appeared
in New Tork a few times as a wonder
child pianist and since then has been
studying in France, Germany and
Austria, putting on the finishing
touches with Paderewski's teacher,
the mighty Leschitizky, and finally be
coming the assistant of that famous
producer of great pianists. Voss left
Leschitizky to become first professor
of the piano at the Cologne Conserv
atory and is now well launched as a
piano virtuoso. He is a rare com
pound of strength, delicacy, really
marvelous technique and emotional
qualities pretty well under con
trol, and has the personal
magnetism that made the dif
ference between Von Bulow and Ru
binstein, for example. He is not whet
would be called a "pretty" man, but
he seems to have enough virility, sin
cerity and steadfastness to carry him
far indeed. At any rate, you will
probably have an opportunity of Judg
ing of him, for he is planning to make
a big Americn tour late in the au
tumn.
We expected things of Max
Pemberton. His first play, "The Finish
ing School," which was brought out at
Wyndham's last night, is genuinely
amusing in Jt>ots, invariably pictur
esque and occasionally rather dramatic,
but when it was announced several
raonths ago that there was to be a
stage piece by the author of "The Gar
den of Swords" and "Kronstadt" we
looked for something decidedly original
in the way of plot. That, however, is
exactly what Pemberton has not given
us, for his heroine is just another Lady
Ursula, who dons boy's clothes In order
to visit her love therein and promptly
gets embroiled in duels and that sort
of thing. Oddly enough, we had the
tame situation at Wyndham's a few
weeks ago, when "The Sword of the
Kins"— brought over from the United
•tates— gave Ida Molesworth an oppor
tunity to swagger about in knicker
bockers during the short time that tha
I lay lasted.
" The XeVer, Never Land." the drama
that this actor-manager recently
wrote for his own use, contained a sit
uation that was practically new, and
the idea of "Lucky Durham," which
Barrett produced at Liverpool the
other night, is even more striking. It
tells the story of a man's scheme for
bringing down vengeance on the head
of his own father. The parent is Lord
Mountfallon, a wealthy and pleasure
loving English peer, who has betrayed
a woman of lowly birth, and Durham,
the hero of the play, is the illegitimate
child of the two. At the beginning of
the drama we see him, as a young
man, handicapped by the stain on his
birth and determined to revenge him
self and his mother, and throughout
The play the day of reckoning comes
nearer and nearer. Durham's nick
name of '"Lucky" is well deserved.
Fortune wherewith to carry out his
plan of revenge comes to him as it
came to Monte Crlsto and he gets to
be a great financier. His plan is to
ruin Lord Mountfallon, to get pos
session of his ancestral home and to
install his mother there, but the piece
ends dramatically with Durham turn
ed from his purpose by the mother,
just as he is ready to strike the final
and crushing blow. The play's recep
tion at Liverpool was so enthusiastic
that Barrett means to bring it to Lon
don as soon as possible, and I under
stand that the disposition of the
American rights is already being
discussed.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
6 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. June 23. — Wil
son Barrett rertanly has the knack of
linding effective plots for his plays.
Plot of Barrett's New Play.
Special Correspondence.
•" 'From themselves,' said Millbank;
'and the heralds they pay to paint their
carriages. But I go to facts. When
Henry VII called his first Parliament
there were only twenty-nine temporal
peers to be found, and even some of
them took their seats illegally, for they
had been attainted. Of those twenty
nine not five remain: and they, as the
Howards, for instance, are not Norman
nobility. We owe the English peerage
to three sources — the spoliation of the
churili, the open and flagrant sale of
hr.nors by the elder Stuarts and the
boroughmongering of our own times.
Those are the three main sources of
the existing peerage of England, and,
in my opinion, disgraceful ones.' "
Lord Beaconsfield might have abided
a fourth origin of the existing peerage,
to wit, the bestowal of honors upon
the mistresses of the kings and their
illegitimate children. This decorous
nation, therefore, delights to honor
those who have inherited titles from
such shameful sources!— London Truth.
" "I have always understood/ said
Coningsby. 'that our peerage was the
finest in Europe.'
" 'Ancient lineage,' said Mr. Mill
bank; 'I never heard of a peer with an
ancient lineage. The real old families
of this country are to.be found among
the peasantry; the gentry, too, may lay
some claim to old blood. I can point
you out SaXon families in this country
who can trace their pedigrees beyond
the conquest; I know of some Norman
gentlemen whose fathers undoubtedly
came over with the Conqueror. But a
petr with an ancient lineage Is to me
qwlte a novelty. No. no; the thirty
years' war of the roses freed us from
those gentlemen. I take it after the
battle of Tewkesbury, a Norman barwn
was almost as rare a being in England
as a wolf is now.'
to-da}'|? Lord Beaconsfleld answered
the question in "Conlngsby" many
years ago:
Her name was Xellie and she was
running away. No error in this state
ment, for she was in motion. She had
left all she owed to her people, all she
owed to duty, and she was surely run
ning away. She had stood on the cor
ner of Mission and Nineteenth streets
long enough, she thought, and now
with the light wagon and its load of
mjlk-cans clattering behind her she
was running away. Nellie caught a
glimpse of her driver as he came out
on the sidewalk with a pint-measure
In his hand, and she heard his startled
call. The idle dogs on the block bow
wowed an earnest protest to her law
less action, but she only ran the faster.
The big policeman Issuing leisurely
from Guggenhelmer's grocery with the
froth still on his mustache threatened
her with the majesty of the law, but,
Nellie was running away and she
kicked joyously at the bluecoat as she
swept by him.
Down Mission she galloped, leaving
Hew Nellie! Ho, Nellie!
John R. McLean of the Cincinnati Enquirer put on
thicker paint and more feathers than any other chief
that danced around Cleveland's .scalp when Bryan took
:t. But even he was anxious to nominate the Princeton
sage and had the whole Ohio vote in his boot, to be
pulled for that, purpose. He declared that Cleveland
was "a d d old rhinoceros," but even a political
pachyderm was more popular than any other man in
the party or the country.
Without discussing Mr. McLean's good taste in re
sorting to the wet side of a zoological garden to find
a pet name for an ex-President, it must be admitted
that the situation was suggestive and deserving of study.
It revealed the inherent infirmity of the Democratic
party, its tendency to go mad and not recognize the
found Of its own voice. The country Wishes it may
recover from its malady, Init will not trust it with power
because of the radical fluctuations in its feelings as
shown by its treatment of Mr. Cleveland. Republicans
note this with keen interest and with the intention
of avoiding .such a misreading of public opinion as is
making the Democracy appear like an escape from
Bedlam. The people like and. want Roosevelt and the
mummers and those who gnaw in whispers at the repu
tations of strong men will make no headway in imitating
the daffy Democracy. v
ALOOK into the Democratic convention on , the
road and after arrival at St. Louis closely re
sembled that view of Madrid enjoyed after Asmo
deus had lifted the lid off the town. The party needed
a respectable man to run for the Presidency and has
been advertising for an eligible for two. years. The
responses have not been numerous, because about all
of that class left the party in 1896 and have not. found
a Iqw place in the fence over which they can jump
Those who have 'done so are all objectionable to
Mr. Bryan, and so, as one after another has answered
the ad.: "Wanted — A respectable gent. to. run for the
Presidency. No salary and must find himself.". Mr.
Bryan has looked them over, like the master of the
ballet does the girls who want a job at butterflying
behind the footlights. One he finds thin in the shanks
since 1896; another walks on a parenthesis acquired by
straddling in 1900; another toes in on the Kansas City
platform, and still another cannot be shaped up to suit,
even with a straight-front corset, having gorged himself
out of shape with the plutocrats.
Mr. Hearst did not answer the ad. for obvious
reasons, and has bla/iied August Belmont and.Davjd B.
Hill for purposely wording it so as to shut him out.
He has established newspapers in several cities, since*
the competition began, in order to have adequate facili
ties for expressing himself, and it is suspected that even
then thoughts arise in him lhat are- incapable of suffi
cient utterance. Of course, they are about other people."
His sumptuous, satisfactory and ornamented opinion of
himself has been made familiar to the public by himself
and goes gayly oh its way through the country, a thing
of frills and more than earthly beauty.
. So for many months the inquiry has. run and been
answered by gent, after gent., but at the meeting of
the convention -not one was certain of the job. Mr.
Olney has .been in cold storage' in Massachusetts and
has even cultivated popular manners by ordering a
toothpick with his usual lunch at the club, on a glass
of ice water and the New York Evening Post. But he
is too remote, roosts too high up in the empyrean for
ordinary people to gall their withers carrying torches
fcr him.
Judge Parker has been in lavender at Esopus, hoping
that the office would come up the Hudson and make
a landing, and Senator Gorman has sat inside of him
self, apparently with neither friends nor enemies. In
addition a job lot of favorite sons have responded from
many States, but they are among the "also men
tioned." Divided and at feud am'ong themselves, all
of these candidates have, perhaps unconsciously, fur
nished the country with one of the most remarkable
incidents in the history of American parties. When
ever Mr. Cleveland has risen or sat down, slept or
waketl, hunted, fished or cut bait, they have all shown
the liveliest fear of him. Mr. Bryan, as the "Keeper
of the Party," has found it necessary to repeat to the
country again and again his story of Cleveland's crimes
in the Presidency, and Mr. Hearst, in his string of news
papers, has told the country how bad the ex-President
is, and how abhorrent to him.
Still the worshipers in the temple of Jefferson show
an alarming tendency to take down the new idols and
sell them for junk and to dust and dress the old god
and put him in the shrine from which they all dragged
him by the heels only eight years ago. The singular
part of this situation has been that the men Who wanted
Cleveland were not all* among those who have been
steadfastly his friends. The most conspicuous among
them were men who rejoiced when his reputation was
burned in 1896 and its ashes scattered to the four winds.
St. Petersburg district when, in 1898,
the reactionary advisers of the Czar,
having determined on the complete
Russification of Finland, began to cast
around for a man best fitted by tem
perament and training to carry out
that policy. Before that the Govern
ors of Finland had been men of cul
tured stamp and high social position,
but for the work to be done it was felt
that a man of a sterner type was need
ed. Three prominent Russian states
men declined the position, being
moved thereto perhaps by considera
tion for their • own personal safety,
after which Bobrikoff was given the
appointment.
"You will inspire yourself," wrote
the Czar, "with the endeavor to im
press upon the population of Finland
the supreme importance of their com
plete identification with the common
fatherland." The task thus set upon
him was to break" the national spirit
and to wipe out the constitutional lib
erties of a people who loved freedom
and who enjoyed it by virtue of the
fundamental laws of the land, which
their Russian sovereigns have success-
for the public good to have Sacramento well abreast
of the times in all educational facilities. Very likely
the women of the Alameda County districts, seeing what
their Sacramento County sisters are doing, will take an
active part in promoting high-school education among
the districts in which they reside. A house to house
canvass has 1 been suggested bj'Vne Sacramento women
as an efficient way to reach voters. In Alameda's dis
tricts also the voter is the person to whom appeal must
'It will not be necessary to search far nor to go outside
of the State of California to find striking examples of
the material, benefits that accrue to any community that
has, due care for its schools.
A high school is the intermediate step between the
grammar grades and the university. It is needed, if
viewed only from a business standpoint, by every large
community or. district that wishes to keep its desirable
residents from moving away to where there are good
accessories to education. The public at large will wish
good luck to the Alameda County districts now acting
together and to the Sacramento women who are deter
mined to bring home to the children the best, facilities
that can be secured.
A RHINOCEROS.
FHE, .SAN. FRANCISCO f - GALL,-. SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1904:
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8If you are going to World's Fair get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Ask ' about It. T. K.
STATELEH. General Agent. 617 Market st.,
San Francisco. «¦; ¦ ¦ • ;
Cheap Rates East.
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, 308 Taylor St., 650 Market
St.. Oakland Kerry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Judge Troutt yesterday granted a
preliminary injunction, on application
of the White Swan Mines Company, to
prevent Letson Balliett from dispos
ing of stock said to have been wrong
fully issued to himself and Florence
Balliett. It was charged in the com
plaint that Balliett. the day after re
signing as president of the company is
sued 30,000 shares to himself and
133,000 to his wife.
In an affidavit filed in the case Bal
liett says he was engaged as engineer
and manager of the company and was
to receive 275,000 shares of the stock
in payment for his services in making
the mine, in Oregon', a producer. He
declares that on March 2 1, ' last, he
was forced to resign his. office and po
sition under compulsion and threats
of. criminal prosecution made* by Ma
jor L. N. Lykke and C. H. Stuller,
neither of whom was a director or
stockholder in the company. The res
ignations of himself and Miss Shea,
his assistant secretary, he says, were
not accepted at any legal meeting of
the directors. 1 At a pretended ftfeetingr,
says Balliett, Stuller was elected a di
rector and secretary, but was , not a
stockholder until Balliett transferred
to him 100 shares' of his own stock.
Balliett says that' Stuller directed the
issuance of the stock in controversy,
which was the amount coming to,af
fiant, and not previously disposed of,
for his services as engineer and man
ager.
Letson Balliett Files Affidavit Explain
ing Alleged Peculiar Deal With
White Swan Company.
INJUNCTION TO PREVENT
SALE OF MINING STOCK
The Board of Public -Works an
nounced that the City Engineer had
been instructed to prepare plans for
a high pressure system of salt water
at a cost of $150,000.
An examination of three firehouses
which have been reported as being un
safe has been ordered.
At a meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday Colonel Andrews en
tered a complaint against Acting
Lieutenant Frank B. Dougherty of En
gine Company No. 10 of the Fire De
partment, charging him with neglect
ing to pay a bill for f diamonds he is
alleged to have purchased on credit.
Colonel Andrews said that should
Dougherty fail to pay his bill he will
have to recourse to the criminal courts
for redress. President Boyne con
demned Acting Lieutenant Dougherty's
action, and Acting Chief John Dough
erty, a relative of the acting lieuten
ant, was equally strong in his criti
cism of the alleged delinquency. The
matter will come up again at the next
m'.-eting of the board. •
Acting Chief Dougherty informed
the Commissioners that he had as
signed August Engelke as a perma
nent member from the eligible list to
Engine Company 28. Engelke saved
the life of a child during a fire on
Vandewater street. ,
Acting Lieutenant of Engine Company
Can Quench Colonel Andrews'
Wrath by Paying Up.
FLASH OF DIAMONDS HAS
ATTRACTION FOR DOUGHERTY
Captain Eugene O. Fechet of the
Signal Corps, U. S. A., arrived from
San Antonio, Texas, yesterday and re
ported to headquarters here. He will
go to Benicia barracks to take charge
of the station there.
Major Henry M. Morrow, judge ad
vocate of the department staff, re
turned yesterday from a two weeks'
sojourn in the Yosemite Valley. He
was accompanied on the trip by his
mother, Mrs. H. A. Morrow, and Miss
Mignon Crowder.
Majof Thomas Wilhelm returned
from Sacramento yesterday and is at
the Occidental.
Colonel S. P. Jocelyn, chief of staff,
is busily engaged in perfecting ar
rangements for the big fall maneuvers
at Atascadero, in which the combined
forces of the Department of California
and the fetate militia are to take part.
Major Gillette, engineer corps, is now
on the scene, looking after the work
that is being done getting the camp
ready to receive the 6000 troops that
are to take part in the exercises there.
. General MacArthur, accompanied
by his aids, and Major W. D. Duvall
and Captain Sydney A. Cloman left
last night for the maneuvers at Amer
ican Lake.
General MacArthur. and Staff Depart
for American Lake to Witness
Maneuvers.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS BUSY
¦ ARRANGING FALL EXERCISES
Steamer H. J.. Corcoran leaves tiorth
end of Ferry building 9:30 a. m. Sunday,
July 10. 1904, for Antioch, via Vallejo
and Glen Cove/ Fare round trip to Anti
och J1.00, to Vallejo or Glen Cove, round
trip, 50c. For regular weekly schedule
see time table. Piper-Aden-Goodall Co.,
phone Main 641. *
River Excursion to Antioch.
More than a half million dollars*
worth of Jose Guardiola's estate has
already been sold under the order of
the Probate'Court, but there is more
remaining. Yesterday Spencer C.
Buckbee, Robert W. Dennis and W.
A.,Heister were appointed to appraise
1522 acres belonging to the estate in
the.Heredia ranch in Placer County.
To Appraise Ranch.
A new star, Miss Nora Bayes, is
billed to scintillate at Fischer's. She is
a young lady with a New York reputa
tion that is not built on hot air.
Gotham will feel lonesome without her,
but she wanted to investigate the re
ports from the land of sunshine, fruit
and flowers, and has found them so
true that she intends to stay for some
time.
Miss Bayes is bewitchingly pretty
and has a voice that will captivate the
Fischer crowd on first trial. She will
open in "A Lucky Stone."
A Clever New York Girl
Is Recruited, for
Local Cast.
A deed of trust was filed for record
yesterday to secure a loan of $400,000
by the Mercantile Trust Company to
the 'Mutual Electric Light Company.
All the real and personal property of
the lighting* company in this city is
given as security on a mortgage. The
bonds run for thirty years and bear
five-, per cent interest per annum. The
Union Trust Company had previously
released the mortgage on the claim
that no bonds had been sold. > •
* Company Mortgages Property.
NORA BAYKS, THE NEW STAR
WHO WILL SCINTILLATE AT
FISCHER'S THEATER.
Since 1S95 the amount. of the penalties and
percentages paid to the various County Audi
tors of the State upon the redemption of prop
erty sold tp the State because of delinquent
taxes has been divided between the State
and the county In the proportion that the
State rate bears ¦ to the respective county
rates. During this period there has been pal. I
In, of such moneys, by the Auditor of Madera
County alone, over $8000, and the object of the
action was to compel the return of this
amount of money to Madera County, it being
contended by the county that under a proper
construction of the acts of 1895 the county
wax entitled to retain the whole amount of
stich penalties and percentages and that the
same had, through mistake and error, been
paid into the State treasury. Attorney Gen
eral U. S. Webb, on behalf of the State, con
tended that, under the acts of 1895, this
money had been properly paid into the State
treasury, and that the county was not en
titled to recover. The case was argued be-,
fore Judge Hughes at Sacramento on May 23
and ' by the court taken under advisement.
The decision rendered this morning sustains
the State's contention In every particular.
The decision Is of great importance to the
State and to the various counties because of
the feet that the Fame question exists In
every county In the State and the result of
this suit was being closely watrhed by the
other counties and, had plaintiff been suc
cessful, doubtless a similar suit would have
been commenced In every county In the State.
Attorney General Webb received a
telegram yesterday announcing that
Superior Judge Hughes of Sacramento
had rendered a decision in favor of the
State- in the suit brought by Auditor
Honeycutt of Madera County against
Controller E. P. Colgan to recover the
amount of penalties accruing from the
sale of property for/delinquent taxes.
The amount of money involved is far in
excess of Jl.OOO.OOG, according to the es
timate of State officials. Attorney.Gen
eral Webb made the following state
ment of the case yesterday:
The history of the Rancho el Pesca
dero antedates the coming of Commo
dore Sloat to California. The Mexican
Government granted it in 1840 to Fa
bian Bareto and thirteen years later It
passed by successive transfers to the
late John C. Gore, senior, father of the
present plaintiff. The elder Gore con
veyed his rights to his son in 1862.
Merely to mention all the points in
the present complicated litigation
would fill columns. In brief, the com
plainants allege that Gore senior, In
I860, gave tp F. Z. Seymour of Boston
a power of attorney to sell the ranch
for "unincumbered Eastern property
worth $33,000"; that Seymour made a
contract with one Tompkins of Bing
hamton, N. Y., to exchange it for
property there which Mas mortgaged
for more than it was worth; that Gore
repudiated this trade and refused to
execute a deed, but that Tompkins,
acting on Seymour's contract, came to
California and took possession. In 1862
Tompkins quitclaimed to Jacks, who
succeeded, in 1868, in getting the Gov
ernment to issue a patent to him. All
of Jacks* rights in the estate were sold
in 18S0 to the Pacific Improvement
Company.
In the present action the plaintiffs
allege that they did not learn of the
patent to Jacks \intll a few months
ago. Their bill of complaint sets forth
a list of alleged fraudulent acts of Sey
mour, Tompkins and Jacks whereby the
younger Gore alleges he was kept out
of possession. To this bill the defend
ants demurred on the ground, among
other things, that the complainants
had slept on their rights and Judge
Morrow held that the suit had no
standing in equity.
The Pacific Improvement Company,
which is the real defendant in the case,
is better known as the owner of the
splendid Monterey" Hotel property, of
the Pacific Grove Waterworks and of
much real estate at Pacific Grove and
Monterey besides the ranch over which
runs the seventeen-mile drive. The
plaintiff Gore is a collector for the
Spring Valley Water Company. How
ard is a prominent attorney of Detroit,
Mich.
The United States Supreme Cdurt is
to be asked to pass upon the title to
the great Rancho el Pescadero, lying
south of Monterey and including with
in its 4438 acres the famous seventeen
mile drive. The property is now held
by the Pacific Improvement Company,
which purchased it from David Jacks,
one of the leading land owners of the
coast and former grantee of a patent
from the Government. Both Jacks and
the company, together with the United
States of America, are named as de
fendants in a suit for reformation of
the patent, instituted early this year
by John C. Gore and Hamilton Gay
Howard, who claim that the vast es
tate rightfully belongs to them. This
action was dismissed recently by Unit
ed States Circuit Judge Morrow, who
held the suit was* barred by the plain
tiffs' laches and by the statute of lim
itations. From this judgment appeal
is now taken to the highest Federal
court.
Proportionate Division Is
to Be Made of Penalties
Accruing Froin Tax Sales
Pacific Improvement Com
pany, Owner of Del Monte,
Must Defend Title to Tract
COUNTIES ARE LOSERS
AX OLD MEXICAN GRANT
"I returned from the country last .
Tuesday." he said, "and on Wednes- .
day as I was going up Post street, on
my way to where I live on Powell
street, I was very much distressed to
notice Goldman following me and mo
tioning frantically. I shook my head
at him very decidedly, in order that
the movement could be perceived by
a man at that distance, but he con
tinued following me until I sought rest
in a drug store at Post and Powell
streets, as I was very much exhausted.
There ¦were several chairs in the store,
and as I sat down in one of them Mr.
Goldman entered and occupied an
othor. He immediately began to cate
chize me, asking where I had moved
my lodgings and if my daughter ac
companied me". To all his questions
I objected, and when I tried to get
away from him he followed me to the
door. This was repeated several times,
. he paying no attention to my protests,
but at last he left of his own accord.
I explained the matter to the propri
etor of the ptore. Goldman stayed in
the store about ten or twelve minutes.
"The second time he followed me
was yesterday morning. I left my
l"dgrings. at 407 Powell street, about
10 o'clock, and after looking around
to see if the coast was clear I walked
down Post Mreet until I stopped to look
at something in the window of Elder's
book store. Hearing a guttural sound
immediately behind me I turned
around. It was Goldman again, and I
received a severe mental shock. He
started to speak to me, but uttered no
intelligible word, as my face evidently
look unutterable things. I went into
the book store and stayed there until
he went away. Now I have only to
say that I do not feel safe, and my
respect for law is very much jarred.
"Why?" asked the Judge.
"Because if I should make away
with this man in self-defense, I feel
that I would be taking the place of the
law and the courts."
During the complainant's recital
Goldman repeatedly shouted, in a
shrill tenor, "I did not! I did not!"
His attorney warned him to maintain
silence. Then he protested that he
did not follow Snow on either of the
occasions named, but met him by ac
tident, and went into the drug store
merely to assure him that he did not
desire to do him any harm. "I
though he would feel better if I told
him I would not harm him again,"
said Goldman, "and I did not ask him
where he lived or mention his daugh
ter's name." t
"I'll set this case for hearing next
Monday morning." said the Judge,
""and if, in the meantime, this defend
ant follows the complaining witness,
speaks to him or casts side glances at
him, I will have the defendant brought
into court."
Snow looked weak and pale as he
told his story, and not once 'did he al
low his eyes to meet the appealing
glances of Goldman, who was consid
erably excited. Goldman's bail of
$1000 was not increased.
Miss Claribel David made her de
but and a decided hit as a professional
pleader when she secured dismissal of
the battery' charge on which Attorney
Joseph T. Cognet was tried before
Judge Conlan. Other names besides
hers were on the calendar as repre
senting the defense, among them be
ing: Attorneys Delmas, Campbell,
Ruef, Fhortall and Spinetti, but she
alone defended. Nor was the prose
rution beaten for lack of legal talent,
as Judge Ferral had the assured aid
in the event that he should call for it,
of such distinguished jurists as Ford,
Taafe, Quinlan and German Interpre
ter Bexcey. Judge Ferral did not
summon assistance, however, evident
ly appreciating the hopelessness of do
ing such a thing in the face of the
facts and the opposing odds.
A gas bill was at the bottom of the
case. J. D. McCarthy, a collector for
the artificial illumination monopoly,
railed at the residence of the defend
ant and a wordy altercation over the
sum mentioned in the bill developed
into an exchange of blows. It was
Cognet who received most physical
punishment, because he was by many
years the senior and by many pounds
the lighter of the combatants, and it
"was he who blew the whistle that
brought the police. Yet he was the
defendant and McCarthy the.^ com
plainant, a fact which provoked some
logical and eloquent pleading from his
fair counsel. While all the other le
gal lights in the case treated it with
more or less levity, she gave it ample
measure of seriousness. When her
client was under examination and his
French accent and graphic gesture
kept the attorneys' table agrin the
modern Portia never cracked a smile,
but deftly steered him around the
numerous pitfalls laid by the shrewd
opposition. And at the conclusion of
H. W. Snow, the former Mayor of
Oakland, who was shot by Adolph
Goldman on June 13 in the Clarendon
Hotel, took the witness stand in Police
Judtre Mogan's court yesterday morn
ing :ind said that since his release
from the hospital where his wounds
wore treated he has twice been pur
sued and accosted by Goldman and
that he fears for his life. Goldman
was arraigned yesterday for assault
with intent to commit murder, and his
attorney, Frank G. Murphy, asked for
a continuance till n^xt Monday. Then
the prosecuting attorney, Mr. Greeley.
announced that the complaining wit
ness had something to say to the court,
and Snow was invited to take the
stand.
William Waldron of 205 Natoma
street addressed 'uncomplimentary lan
guage to the mother of Piper Partee,
a Pullman car porter, and the son re
sented the insult to his maternal rela
tive by breaking WaldYo-n's jaw. Par
tee was arrested and charged with bat
tery, but after hearing the facts Judge
Conlan dismissed the case.
1 ...
The preliminary examination of Ar
thur Williams and James H. Smith,
the colored non-union stablemen
charged with the murder of Owen Gal
lagher, a union stableman, during a
free fight at Polk street and Cedar ave
nue on June 25, was begun before Po
lice Judge. Fritz, -a number of wit
nesses were examined for the prosecu
tion, but their evidence did not differ
from that given at the Coroner's in
quest. Further, testimony will be taken
on Monday morning, — ¦
• • •
Charles Rose and Robert Horton,
juvenile tourists from Milwaukee, were
armed with loaded revolvers when
Patrolman Skain overhauled ' them at
2 o'clock yesterday morning on the
Barbary Coast. They pleaded fear of
attack by footpads, as before leaving
home they were- warned that San
Francisco is a "robbing town." To
which Judge Mogan said:
"Tut. tut, Charles and Robert While
in San Francisco you can leave your
shooting irons in your trunks with im
punity. We have some robbing here,
'tis true, but the percentage of it ac
companied by violence is trifling. Even
in your own city, made famous by its
beer, I understand that most of the
pilfering is done by politicians. Go
your way and don't believe all you
hear about the 'toughness* of San
Francisco."
An additional charge of horse-steal
ing was filed against Raoul de Costa,
on trial before Judge Mogan for pur
loining, a team belonging to the Has
lett Warehouse Company. The second
complaint was sworn to by W. W. An
derson of 844 Geary street and set
forth that on May 23 the gentleman
with the .society drama cognomen did
feloniously take and drive away one
harnessed horse, also a buggy. Both
cases were continued till next Tues
day and the detectives say that before
then they will have more charges of
the same kind to fasten on Raoul.
James Duffs', accused of stealing a
roll of blankets and an overcoat from
underneath a pool table upon which
their owner was punching the ivories
in a Third-street saloon, informed
Judge Mogan that he would like to
have "Dublin Dan," "Deaf Murphy,"
"Billy the Boxer" and "Pete the Bar
keep," proper names unknown, subpe
naed to aid him in proving an alibi.
Subpenaes accordingly issued.
While the Radcliffe case was on hear
ing in Judge Fritz's court one of the
spectators abandoned his chair in the
front row, and among those who
sprang to get possesion of it were Dong
tJong and Jerome Millard. rival Chinese
interpreters. Dong was first to reach
the seat, but ere he could squat he was
rudely seized and thrust away by Mil
lard, who used such violence that Dong
went spinning among the attorneys.
Bailiff Conlan immediately hauled Mil
lard before the Judge, who gave him
twenty-four hours' imprisonment for
contempt of court. Then Dong took the
empty chair.
Miss Ella Sherabi and Miss Bessie
Shattuck, young girls in conventional
bicycling costume, had Ah Lean, a Chi
nese teamster, before Judge Conlan on
a charge of battery, and they testified
that he deliberately ran his wagon into
the tandem wheel they were riding on
Folsom street, between Fourth and
Fifth, one day last week. The riders
were thrown to the pavement with such
violence that Miss Sherabi had to be
taken to the Receiving Hospital.
For the defense appeared Mrs. Sen
senbrenner and Mrs. Miller, who testi
fied that they had seen the collision and
that the bicycliennes were responsible
for it, as they ran their wheel into the
wagon. Xelther of the matrons went to
the injured girl's assistance, but both
of them went voluntarily to court to
testify in the Chinaman's behalf.
The case was continued till to-day,
when Captain of Police Spillane, who
made the arrest, may cast some new
light on it.
Judge Fritz held Harry Radcliffe to
answer in the Superior Court on a
charge of murder. Radcliffe was arrest
ed on the morning of June 26 and
charged with murdering Andrew Riley,
a hodcarrier, at Ninth and Sheridan
streets. The preliminary examination
brought out no important facts other
than were adduced at the Coroner's in
quest.
In a moment Monsieur Cognet was
delightedly shaking the Judge's hand
and complimenting him upon his keen
prescience, complete knowledge of
law and infallible sense of justice.
And a moment later Monsieur Cognet
was in the midst of a crowd of attor
neys, all of whom were showering him
with congratulations most enthusias
tic. Even then, in the proud flush of
her first profesional triumph, Miss
Claribel David maintained the digni
fied composure that marked her de
portment throughout the trial. She
quietly gathered up her law books,
shook the hand of Monsieur Cognet
and withdrew.
the testimony she made such a con
vincing argument that the court hung
breathlessly upon her words.
"It's an outrage," she concluded,
"that such a strong, able-bodied young
man as this complainant should strike
a feeble old man like my client."
"May it please the court," was
Judge Ferral's confession of over
whelming defeat, "I have no reply to
make to the argument of. my accom
plished sister in law."
Then the Judge summed" up to the
effect that the defendant merely in
dulged in illustrative gesture when
the blow fell that Mr. McCarthy ac
cepted as a willful assault. "We must
make allowance," said his Honor, "for
the defendant's irrepressible habit of
swinging his hands while he is talk
ing and give him the benefit of the ex
isting doubt as to whether his strik
ing of the complainant was really in
tentional. The case is dismissed."
Supreme Court Asked to Re
form Patent to Seventeen-
Mile Drive at Monterey
Opinion Rendered by Judge
Hughes of Sacramento Is
Ear Reaching in Effects
Says in Court That Man Who Attempted His Life
Has Twice Followed Him on the Street and on
One Occasion Insisted onConversingWith Him
SAVES A LARGE
SUM FOR STATE
SUIT INVOLVES
FAMOUS ESTATE
EX-MAYOR SNOW COMPLAINS
THAT GOLDMAN SHADOWS HIM
NORA BAYES
IS TO SING AT
FISCHER'S
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1001.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
AXT IMPORTANT EVENT TO-NIGHT I
COMPLETE CHANGE OF PLAY AND
COM PANT.
"A LUCKY STONE"
A Roaring Burlesque by Collin Davis and
Frank Wltmark.
Packed with new songs, specialties and
Novelties.
Presented by this extraordinary cast:
Dorothy Morton. Nora Bayes; Rice and Cady.
.German comedians; Bobby North. Hebrew
comedian; Edwin Clark, Ben Dillon, Garrity
Sisters.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
Attraction to follow —
"THE WHIXL OF THE TOWN."
A Vaudeville Revelation !
I-eig-b. Brothers;, Gillihan and Murray;
Green and Werner and Valerie Berg-era
and Company. Last times of Inez da
Wolf; Gallag-her and Barrett; John P.
Clark; the Zarrow Trio and A Trip
Through Italy, shown In Orpheum
Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices: 10c. 25c
and 50c. ¦
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILL COMPANY.
LAST NIGHT OF
FRIETCHIE
BEGINNING TO-MORROW. MATINEE-
MR. NEILL IN
MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK
Special Summer Prices -15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat In Orchestra, 50 cents.
TIV0US5&
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
ROBIN m
! At 2
! Unfit]! With the
Promenade Cir:l», 3d Roar, Smokers' PtraiiM
Elevator Always Running.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES^ — 25c. 50c, 73c.
Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
mondayIiight j $?
Opening of the N>w Season
12 NIGHTS AND 2 MATINEES.
Charles Frohman Will Present
ETHEL pKXS
BARRYMORE
In Her Greatest Comedy Success,
COUSIN KATE
By Hubert Henry Davles.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ALCAZAR "mt
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY.
WHITE \ AWD THE ALCAZAR COMPANY |
WHITTLESEY....
Presenting John Drew's Success.
CDINE | H.V. ESMOND'S COMEDY~|
SUMMER^S
DAY | Author ol When We W«re Twgnty-Ona |
i "A remarkably attractive play," — Bulletin.
"New honors to Whlttleaey." — Post.
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats..Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 50e.
July 11— WHITE WHITTLESEY in last sea-
son's Great Success. HEARTSEASE.
CENTRAL^M?
Market street,. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
To-Night— Last 2 Nights.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Theodore Kremer's Latest and Greatest Suc-
1 cess.
I WEDDED AND PARTED"
Stirs the Emotions! -Thrills the Soul! • ¦
Fascinates the Mind! Enchains the Interest'
Replete With Realism of Gotham Life.
ppirCC Evenings : 10c to 50c
rAlVLJ Matinees JOc. 15c, 25c
Next— AI.OHQ THE MOHAWX.
WEEKLY CAIX. $1.00 PEB~TEAbI
THE GRASS WIDOW.
BRYSOX PAINTED HER , -
In a tj-pical moment. His por-
trait In oils Is so charming, his
color scheme so original and
harmonious that every one Will
frame the • copy we will give
—FREE— — FREE—
Next Sunday. It is . one of
A STRIKING SERIES
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's greatest painters,
which, at creat cost of. time,
trouble and money, the
SAN FRANCISCO CALIj
Has bought for its readers.
If you fail to get a single one
of these beautiful and novel
Brysons you will be sorry. '
ADVERTISEMENTS*
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT
TWO-B.URNER GAS STOVE. Nickel trimmed. Sawed
burner. Heavy castings. Plain top. An indispensable house-
hold article. Just the thing for an instantaneous gH* mn
meal. Will save its cost in comfort every week, i^l
To-night only X
aw • * *
r AMTJSE3EESrTi
COURSIN^ PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursfng will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
ctr.tlnue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All M!ssion-st. cam transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
JOHX ORACE. Judge.
EDWARD SHOHTSTAG. Slipper.
CALIFORNIA
fB TO-MOKROW JTIGHT. E^V
The Hilariously Funny Satire on
Politics. I*
The Hon. 1
John North g
¦ By Herbert Bashford. M
Presented by cur favorite Comedian. R
U R. STOCK WELL, H
_. The man who has made millions laugh. jj2
SEATS NOW SEtXJN'O. jy
;
THE TOBINS
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Eveninsr In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTBIC SAH.H0AD.
ANIMALS from every clime in the ZOO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion
Don't Fall to See ARGO.
ADMISSION ICc- | CHILDREN 5o
When Phoning, Ask for "The Chutes."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LAUNnp)RY
It Makes One Tired
To receive their linen from the laundry
in such condition as it Is often sent
home — with saw edges and broken but-
tonholes and starch in patches over
your shirt front. Send your linen to
the United States Laundry and it will
be received by you with a smile of sat-
isfaction. Our work is artistic and al-
ways satisfactory.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 MABXET STEEET.
Telephone South 430.
PaiflrA »0N'T FAIL TO
rdiatc 8ee the
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, the
H-~ - A PALM ROOM, the
liniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
MI uiiu LQR jmd the LA
Ifyv4o.1,* DIES* WRITING
Hotels ro ° m -
jgfl^Every Woman
J^SS^i^iVvXWlti Is Interested and rtioold know
KflSSlliVS^Mla • about the wooderfiU
ftwSHS&fflB MARVEL Whirling Spray
IWaSiSS^SsjA^Tne .«•» *•»«•»» SyrtMr*. iivee-
y $\^%j\ ft>LSiSV_ tton an t Swtion. Kfst— SaN
\vV\yijfc^w eat— Mmt Convenient.
Itk y««r in*g !tt ** ••• Ag ¦ ,, ll r < 'T f^^****
HAUVKL. necei* no -"S>-N—
otber, but »end itump for 5<(u). /^S>\\
Illustrated booX-»»«»»«. It Kir©* V. / 'Wjf
tnll particulars and dirwtiorn In- A<* / M
valuable to ladies M AHVKL CO^Ti/, ¦:, m
41 ParklloTT, .ten \orU. ¦ ***ilil i lf!l&
10- New Montgomery. San Francisco, CaL
William Hatterotb (Ladles' Dept.). 224 gutter.
Union Drug Co.. 40O gutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers. ..7th and Broadway. Oakland
BaWwla Pharmacy 119 £UU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CANKER. SORES
Obstinate cases of Cancrum Orls have
been relieved after three or four applica-
tions of
SOZODONT
LIQUID
: A complete care has been effected within a
week from three applications a day. It is a
wonderful dentifrice. Nothing to equal it. !
i
IT CLEANSES, HEALS, PRESERVES.
3 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTE.
The North Western 3
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities for. an
economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
. Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier. I
Choice of routes. I
For full Information apply to or addnts R
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
General Agent, Gcn'l Agent Past'r Dept.,
Chicago & North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
617 Mirket St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
AS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
828 Market St.. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
a Dr. 0 ibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB3TT ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment of Private
Dinettes. Loot Manhood. Debility or
dlspan- wearingon hodyanO mind and
Skin Disuses. TheDoctorcurMwlien
others fall. Try him. < - h»rs;«-s low.
Ciirrojcanrnntrrd. Call or write.
»r. 4. Jfc". eiBBON. S*u Francisco, CaJ. .
GRAPE-HUTS.
Brain Workers
use
Grape-Nuts
"There's a Reason"
jPHL&i.' 1 }** 1 * book * " Th * Ro * d to
V, ellville," found in each pk«.ers won by four points but on No 2
rink they were overwhelmingly de
feated. The first interclub match w a3
won by Oakland and the clubs now
have each two victories to their credit
The final match win probably be
played on September 9. .
A suit for $25,000 as the price of
the life of Augusta Storch was com
menced yesterday against the United
Railroads by her husband. J. B.
Storch. and children, Louis. Zdeny and
H. W. Storch. They allege that on
March 21 last Mrs. Storch boarded a
car at Sutter and Market streets, tell
inj? the conductor that she wished to
get off at Kearny street. At Kearny
street, while leaving the car. It is al
leged, the car suddenly started and
she was thrown to the ground, sus
taining injuries from which she is saidt
to have died on April 11«
Price of Woman's Life.
M. L. Schmltt yesterday brought
suit for $20,000 damages against Wil
liam J. Pattoslen because the latter,
as alleged, said In the presence of
John J. Furey that Schmitt was "a
d — d thief and came here to steal my
furniture," Edward Hansen, treas
urer of the Beer Drivers' and Stable
men's Union No. 227, brought suit for
$10,000 damages against the Franco-
California Publishing Company be
cause of certain reflections, published
in French, cast upon him in con
nection with an alleged warrant is
rued for his arrest. The French pa
per said that he had "gone away with
the books and contents of the treas
ury of the union."
The coal mine employes of Great
Britain number £42,065. „/
Two Suits for Libel.
A paper on "Weeds" was read by
Mrs. A. R. Gunnison and Mrs. Joseph
E. Leach showed some beautiful dah
lias and eschscholtzias, Mrs. B. E. Hen
dricksen exhibited a remarkable ar
tichoke and Mrs. Charles Friedemann
brought with her a fern of much del
icate beauty to show her fellow mem-
announced that all accounts in con
nection with the late spring show had
been settled.
The matter of the annual dahlia
show of the society was brought up by
Mrs. John Ross Martin, who advised
that the exhibition take place during
the forthcoming convention of the
Knights Templar.
The matter will be considered later.
Mrs. M. Grothwell, the. ." "treasurer,
made a satisfactory report of the fin
ances of the society and Mrs. Martin
The California State Floral Society
held. its regular monthly meeting yes
terday afternoon In Central Hall. 223
Sutter street, Mrs. L. O. Hodgkin in
the chair. *
Mrs. Jrtin Ross Martin Suggests That
Floral Exhibit Be, Held During
Big Convention.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR MAY BE.
TREATED TO DAHLIA SHOW
In the first annual match between
English and Scotch professional golfers
played at Prestwick, Scotland, in June,
1903, Scotland beat England by the
narrow margin of nine ; matches to
eight. The second annual match,
played last month on the ' Sandwich
course, proved more exciting than the
first. Scotland obtained a lead of two
matches in the singles, but lost the
lead in the foursomes, and were 1
down with only one match to come in.
The last Scotch couple, Andrew Kirk
aldy and Ben Sayers, averted defeat for
the Scotch, Kirkaldy running down a 1
long put on the seventeenth green and
winning the match. Harry Vardon led
the English and James Braid the Scot
tish team. Vardon's card for the. first
round read 6, 3, 3, 5, 3, 4, 4, 3, 4; total,
35; and Braid's score was 5, 3, 3, 4, 3,
4, 5, 3, 5; total, 35. At theMenth hole
Vardon took the lead, but lost ' the
eleventh, and, the last seven holes be
ing halved, the match ended all square.
Vardon's medal play. '_score for. the
eighteen holes was 72 and Braid's was
73. J. H. . Taylor/ and Alexander. Herd
also halved, their "match, though
lor was dormy 2, but Herd took/ the
last two holes. Willie Park beat Tom
.Vardon 3. up and 1 to play, •
On the course of the San Rafael Golf I
Club there, will be Scotch foursomes
over eighteen holes, medal play, for
men, to-day, one round to be played in
the morning, beginning at 10 o'clock,
and the other in the afternoon. Part
ners are to be assigned and then handi
capped. The prizes for the winning
pair are two handsome silver cups,
presented by C. A. Belden. Among
those who will compete are R. J. Davis,
a A. Belden, G. M. Pinckard, R. B.
Hellman and F. H. Green.
It is not possible 'at present, during
the dry season, , to do much work on
the new course of the San Francisco
Golf Club at Ingleside, but the grass
will be Curned to prepare the ground
for the first rains. It is believed an
excellent course can be laid out on the
track at Ingleside and that a good
turf can be grown there. /
Although many of the club members
are out of town the green at Golden
Gate Park is much too small to ac
commodate the numerous Scottish
bowlers who congregate there on Sat
urday afternoons. The players are
forced to wait their turn and early in
the afternoon only doubles are played.
Despite the fact that the popularity of
the same is on the increase there is a
surprising lack of interest in the tour
naments under way. Both were start
ed several months ago, but the players
do not get together. The doubles
event should have been completed
last Saturday but as yet- the semi
final round has not been played.. The
match which was set for last Satur
day will be played to-day. The con
testants will be W. It. Eaton and Dr.
Hamilton and James Mearns and
Thomas McNaught. The winner of this
match will meet Maxwell Crowe and J.
M. Duncan in the finals next Saturday.
The contestants in the semi-final
match are evenly matched and a close
contest will result when they meet.
Many of the players think Dr. Hamil
ton and Eaton will, carry off the hon
ors but the other men have bowled
well throughout the tournament.
The singles tournament is in a more
chaotic state even than the doubles.
Defaults nave greatly outnumbered
matches actually played and it be
gins to look as If the tournament
would be abandoned. The lack of
success of this tournament is un
doubtedly due to the fact that the
names 'of, "all the club members were
drawn. Some had" no intention of
playing, * and many are out of town,
and consequently, only a few matches
have been played." . In the doubles
tournament only those competed who
entered their names.
The victory of the Oakland bowlers
on Monday was a surprise. In the two
previous . meetings the home bowlers
won with ease and the visitors were
hardly, conceded to -have a chance.
The Oaklanders have been practicing
constantly' and the "fifth and deciding
match" will be a" hard-fought affair.
On No.- 1 rink -the-San Francisco bowl-
The tournament last week proved
conclusively that Herbert Long, and
Clarence Griffin, are easily the most
promising young players in the vicinity
of San Francisco. Considering it was
Long's first appearance, at San Rafael
his showing was remarkable. While
Griffin does not possess as much. skill
as Long he has other qualities that are
essential to successful tournament
play. • ....... Vh
Since 1901 every coast championship
event has been won by players from
Southern California. Last year Percy
Murdock and Grant Smith came close
to beating Champion Bell. This year
the outlook is even better. Murdock
has improved since the last tournament
and MacGavin has. come to the front
as a likely candidate.' Smith will not
participate but MacGavin and Mur
dock will make ,a combination the
champions will • find hard to beat.
Smith intended to play In the doubles
with MacGavin but the match with
MacGavin last Monday made it evi
dent to the ex-champion that any
further play this year would result s in
permanent Injury to his health. Smith
and MacGavin have ranked second as
a doubles team for three years and
each year have succumbed only to the
champions. As Freeman will not play
in Sqptembar the home players could
probably annex the championship, this
year with little difficulty. Smith may
get into shape by next year but It Is
doubtful if he will ever play in a tour
nament again. ... •
Now that the San Francisco. and the
State tennis championships have been
decided tournament play wijl be re
sumed on the* courts. With the coast
championship events" less than two
months. away the players will put in
every spare moment before the nets.
Both the California and the Golden
Gate clubs are planning tournaments
for a week from to-morrow. On the
courts of the former club the v sixth
handicap doubles tournament for the
Directors' cups will be held. The first
and second class men will meet in cup
contests on the public courts at the
park.
¦With One Championship Dis
posed of They; Look For
ward to September Event
The Gentle Pastime of Scot
tish Bowling Continues to
¦\ Gain in Popular Favor
Take Up Attention of Men
on Links in Happy Valley
Scotch Four-Ball Foursomes
PLAYERS THRONG
THE PARK RINKS
TENNIS PLAYERS
RESUME PRACTICE
HANDICAP GOLF
AT SAN RAFAEL
The Santa Cruz team made no stand
at all against the bowling of Wilkes
and Casidy. who captured all their
wickets with 76 balls. The score:
W. Davenhlll. b. Wllkes. 0; a Jenkin, h
Wllkcs. 0; A. Mc.Vamara b Wllkes i v j
Richardson, b. Wllkes. 3; S. Catlliur A i.-«
now-, b. Casldy. 0; W. Sims. m^ouf'a^E jr*
Day. c. Jamleoon. b. Casldy. 3| c ' fan£ h
Casldy. 0; H. Davles. b. Wilkes" ©•" B "ha'ree"
c. Dlgby, b. Casldy. O; G. Heathcote b Wilts'
1: total. 24. Wllkes bowled 40 tall* 1 maiden*
for 0 runs and 6 wickets: Casldy bowled "«
balls for 15 runs and 4 wlcketi w» w »ed „«
E. H. Wllkes b. McN'amara, 2; E H M
J^annowe, b. Sims. 4: the Rev. S H W Dig
by, b. Sims. "4; C. P. Coles, b. Sims 1- D
Jamleson. c. Davenhlll. b. Catling. 9; John
Myers, c. Day. b. Mc.Vamara, 21; a. W Wild
ing, not out. OS; W. Pethertck. not out 41 •
H. C. Casldy. J. J. Theobald and G. L Hurst
did not bat: extras. IS: total for six wicket'
'MS. The innings was then called. Mc.Vamara
bowled 102 balls. 3 maidens, for 45 runs and 2
wickets. Sims bowled 13S balls. 1 maiden for
»5 runs and 3 wickets. Catling bowled A
balls. 2 maidens, for 4 4 runs and 1 wick*?
Jenkins bowled 42 balls for 31 runs wlCK « l -
In Saturday's match the Pacifies went
to the wickets first, the score being
as follows:
strongest that has played for the club
during 1904. It will be made up from
G. Harold Ward (captain). F. J. Croll.
W. H. McNaughton, F. J. Bennion, W.
G. Fortmann, F. A. Stahl, George Croll.
Harry Bird, S. M. Foster, F. S. Price
and J. Brown. F. S. Price has not
played in any of the matches this year,
but is a well-known cricketer whose
services as wicket-keeper will be valu
able to the Alameda club.
Harold B. Richardson returned from
British Columbia on Wednesday and
will captain the San Francisco County
team to-morrow. The^ team will be
chosen from W. C. Chadwick. H. F.
Pepys, E. M.^etersen, Henry Roberts.
W. R. Stewart. C. W. Irish., E. G. Slo
man. E. Eubank. W. E. Rooker. H.
Dixon, J. Greer and H. E. Boulton.
The representatives of the three city
clubs had a pleasant visit to Santa
Cruz during the Independence day va
cation, some of them not returning
from the seaside resort until Tuesday
morning. Three matches were played,
as follows: Pacific Club vs. Santa Cruz
Club on Saturday. July 2; Alameda
Club vs. Santa Cruz Club on Sunday.
July 3, and San Francisco County Club
vs. Santa Cruz Club on Monday. July 4.
The Pacific and Alameda teams won
their matches, but the San Francisco
County eleven, deprived of its captain,
Harold B. Richardson, E. M. Petersen
acting as captain, lost Its match by
2 runs and 3 wickets.
LIGHT HARNESS; HORSES OF WHICH MUCH IS EXPECTED ON THE FORTHCOMING CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT.
The management of Ingleside
Coursing Park announces an eight
dog 1 champion stake for one week
from to-morrow, in addition to the
regular open event. For this week a
112-dog open stake will, furnish (he
card. The first brace of dogs will go
to the slips to-day at 11 o'clock. The
likely winners:
Balendlne, Tobacco Bob, Young Mountain
Belle. Heal Duchess. Idaho Doy, Iccllus, Piker,
Pasha Pleasant. Lady Menlo, Our Myra, Eagle
Bird. Boots. Tricksy, Reta S. Belfast. Agitator.
Eagle, Rich Array, Doreen. Little' Plunger,
General Fremcr.t. Magic Stuff; Young Kerry
Pippin, Frisky Boy. Bright Fortune, Donny
brook. Mark Twain, Topsy Turvy. Miss Brum
mel. Lady Granard, Gallant Glanccr. Imperi
ous, Lady RurseU, Rolling Itoer, Van' Alba,
Old Ironsides, Ragged Actor. Golden Feather,
¦Wedgewood. Chips. Aggie W.. Annie Ryne,
Pepper Jack. Lucky Shamrock. Prometheus,
Oui'ia. Gold Lily. Commercial Traveler, Gold
en Garter, Princess Savoy. ¦ Daisy D., Fox
hunter, Golden Fortune, Fenll, Haddlngton,
Sofala.
Open stake — Racing Auto, Amandan. Rector.
Cubancia. Poeatelll. Charter Member. Raby
Aurora. Renegade Apache, Conroy, Lord Bra
len, Richard Anton. Aeolus, Gold Chain, Belle
Free. Ruby- Sankey. Siren, Free From Flaw.
Money Musk. McVey, Sempror.lus. Hose oC
Gold, Young Klamath. Haphazard. Palo Alto,
Tom King, Mickey Free. J E H. Rocker Arm,
Galveston, Sea Lion, Royal Friend and Full
Moon.
Eighty trials will be run to-morrow
at Union Coursing Park. The sixteen
dog puppy stake includes the best of
the young dogs, while fee sixty-four
dog open stake has attracted the cham
pions of the older division. The likely
winners look to be:
Puppy Ftake— Free Erin, Son of Erin, Recked
Asleep, Blaze, Angus Cissus, Flower Girl. Ina
Cissus. D R.
S. A. Smith has bought 'Frisco Lad
and Crawford Belle, formerly in the
kennel of E. M. Kellogg of Gilmore.
Idaho.
The Los Angeles Coursing Club is
being reorganized and it is expected
coursing will be re*sumed shortly in
the southern city.
Now that\he coursing Futurity can
didates for this year are being shown,
eiiher in private trials or in stakes,
the leashmen are able to form an esti
mate'of the new greyhounds which are
to become the champions in due time.
The c-utlook is considered promising,
as some clever puppies are being' de
veloped. They are all of good bone
and substance and show that the breed
has not entered upon the down grade
on this <?oast. Imported Fetter Free,
with six litters in the Futurity and im
ported Fortuna Favente with five are
the favorite sires. Both have stout
blood lines which show In their progeny.
D. K. Cartter of Cottonwood Falls,
Kern., will course a strong kennel of
greyhounds here later in the year. He
will bring some puppies, together with
several imported dogs, including*
Patched Up, by Sir Geoffrey-Cause
way Girl. The latter was selected for
him by J. W. Bourne (Brigadier), a
noted English authority on the grey
hc-und.
Leashiuen Pleased With the
Coursers AVhich Will Kun
for First Time This Year
?
FUTURITY HOUNDS
OF MUCH PROMISE
On the cricket ground at Webster
street, Alameda, to-morrow, the Ala
meda eleven will meet the San Fran
cisco County team for the third time
during the present season.
The Alameda team will be the
The racing length of the Corinthian
was not determined, as her jib was to
be altered, so that the exact area of
the canvas could not be obtained. The
measurers met again on Thursday and
found her racing length to be feet.
On Tuesday F. Stone and Dave Dean
sailed the Corinthian from Tiburon to
the city front and back.
The Judges' boat to-day will be either
the steamer Sunol or the Resolute. It
will be at the Powell-street wharf at
11:30 in the morning. The preparatory
gun will be fired at 12:30 p. m.. the
yachts being allowed two minutes
within which to cross the line without
penalty. The stakeboat off Angel Is
land, three miles due north from the
Powell-street wharf, is the first mark
and will be F. Stone's sloop Presto;
the sloop Surprise, will be \he Blos
som Rock stakeboat. " The starting-line
at the end of Powell-street wharf will
be marked at one end by a launch and
at the other by a Whitehall.
The 'opinion is frequently heard
among yachtsmen that heavy weather
will suit the Challenser best and that
a light breeze will favor the Corinthian.
As it is low water at Fort Point at 1:33
p. m., the first part of the race will
be sailed on an ebb tide and the last
part on a flood. It is problable that th»
water will be smooth under these cir
cumstances. It is reasonable to suppose
that the Corinthians, before they sent
In the challenge at such a date that the
race would take place in July, when
the winds are strongest, had satisfied
themselves as to the performances of
their boat in a hard blow. The smooth
water is generally admitted to be fav
orable to the Corinthian's chances. It
is said that in Eastern waters the
yachts of the scow type prove faster
than the fin-keel craft.
The tenth annual race for the Wal
lace trophy of the California Yacht
Club will be sailed to-morrow, the
course being: from the Oakland broad
gauge mole to and around Presidio
Shoal buoy, distant six nautical miles,
leaving it on the port hand; thence
back to the starting point, passing
Goat Island on the port hand — a beat
out and a run home. Preparatory gun
will be fired at 11:10 a. m. for a ons
gun start. All yachts in the club are
considered as entered and light sails
may be carried. A launch will con
vey the regatta committee, consisting
of A. Vekander, W. H. James and A.
H. Bauerle, partly over the course.
The trophy ia at present held by the
sloop Thelma. which won It last year.
The proposed handicap race of the
Corinthian yachts from Vallejo to
Tiburon on the Fourth was not held.
The yachts were too much scattered
during the holidays and some of them
encountered a hard blow off Collins
vllle-, which was passed under double
reefs. The yacht Emma was towing
Bush Fennell's launch, but it made the
sloop so unhandy that it was cut adrift
in the dark. Next day some fishermen
came along with the launch in tow. re
ceiving $20 for its salvage. E. F.
Sager's Edna did not reach Vallejo till
10 o'clock Monday morning, owner and
crew being too tired to want to race
a few hours later.
. The two racing boats were measured
on Tuesday at the Fulton Iron Works
by W. W. Farrar, measurer of the §an
Francisco Yacht Club and by Georg •
W. Harrold, measurer of the Corin
thian Yacht Club. The sail area of the
Challenger Is 964.26 square feet, the
square root of which is 31.05; this added
to 26.15. the length on the water-line,
gives a total of 57.20, which, betnsr
halved, gives 2S.6O as the racing length.
The racing length of the Challenger
in 1902 was 2S.3S. which, for the calcu
lation of time allowance, is the same
as 2S.60.
Yachting enthusiasts will be on hand
to-day to view the great race between
the flnkeel sloop Challenger of th$ San
Francisco Yacht Club and the center
board racing scow of the Corinthian
Yacht Club for the San Francisco
perpetual challenge cup.
In this race the Corinthian is the
challenger and the Challenger la the
defender. The Challenger will be
sailed by W. G. Morrow, commodore
of the San Francisco Yacht Club. His
crew will consist of R. S. Bridgman.
J. C. Cockerill, W. W. Haley. Harry
Helen. W. W. Farrar and Hil'.yer
Deuprey.
Frank Stone is captain of the Cor
inthian, his crew being made up of
Douglas Erskine. J. Short. Neill Mc-
Lean. J. C. Brickell. .F. E. Schober
and Commodore T. Jennings. Allen M.
Clay of the California Yacht Club will
referee. The race is under the manage
ment of the regatta committees of the
two clubs, the San Francisco • repre
sentatives being Dr. T. L. Hill (In the
stead of R. S. Brldgman. who is sail
ing on the Challenger). Roy C. Ward
and C. M. Gunn; the Corinthian mem
bers being T. J. Kavanaugh. J. K.
Bulger and A. J. Young (in place of
Douglas Erskine, one of the Cor
inthian's crew).
Budd Doble, who drove Dexter, Gold
smith Maid and Nancy Hanks to the
champion records of their day. received
a couple of keepsakes from C. K. G.
Billings last week which he prizes high
ly. They were one of the hind shoes
which Lou Dillon wore when she made
her world's record of lrSS 1 ,* at Memphis
and a neat gold-plated pin made from
one of the nails which held the shoe In
place on that memorable day. Mr. Do
ble has had them mounted in an appro
priate frame, leaving the shoe Just as
it came from the hoof of the champion
mare, without nickle plate or other
adornment. The shoe is only a thin
plate, and placed alongside the shoes
worn by Goldsmith Maid and Nancy
Hanks shows a striking contrast. The
Goldsmith Maid shoe weighs ten
ounces, the Nancy Hanks shoe three
si nd a quarter ounces, while the Lou
Dillon shoe weJg-hs but two ounces.
Two weeks from Wednesday next the
California circuit will open at Pleas
arton. where more than $7000 will be
distributed amonc the winners of the
trotting and pacing events in four
days.
In addition to the Breeders' Futurity
there will be the Occident stake, worth
mere than $2000 to the winner, and the
Stanford, worth at least 51000. A three
year-old trotter that can win the three
Makes here mentioned will earn In the
neighborhood of $5000 for his owner.
Hi Hogoboom has a McKinney colt
in his string at San Jose, owned by C.
L. Jones of Modesto, that must be con
sidered, as he trotted an easy mile in
2:22 six weeks ago, while Frank H.
Burke's filly Wanda II. by McKinney,
out of the old favorit*. Wanda, 2:1494,
is looked upon as one capable of equal
ing her dam's record this year. Among
those that will be backed for this stake
is the filly Geraldine. by Zombro. owned
by W. H. Coleman of Los Angeles and
trained bv the popular driver Walter
Maben. There will be a load of money
played on this filly to win by the south
ern contingent. The outlook at present
is for a field of eight or ten starters,
with the favorite at least two to one in
the betting.
Payments were made January 2 of
this year on fifty-four colts and fillies
in this stake, and allowing 50 per cent
taking to the pacing gait there are still
enough trotters remaining to make the
Make one of the greatest, numerically,
that has ever been given in California.
Among those that have shown winning
£I»?ed is the chestnut colt by Prince
Ansel, dam Nosegay, owned by Alex
Brov.n of the Walnut Grove Stock
Farm. Charley Spencer is training this
colt at Pleasanton, and is reported to
have worked him miles below 2:18 on
several occasions.
Almaden. a handsome black colt
owned by C. A. Durfee of Oakland,
won the two-year-old division of this
Ftake last year, getting a record of
2:22*i at Petaluma. where the race
was decided. Almaden is naturally
the favorite for the three-year-old di
vision this year and as he has worked
heats better than 2:19 and is known
to be a game and consistent colt,
the confidence in his -ability is not
misplaced. News comes from San
Jose, however, where the colt is in
training, that Almaden has not been
right and a lameness in one hio ne
cessitated his being thrown out of
training for a while. A seton was put
in, which is treatment of ,the heroic
order, and it is said the colt is going
pound again, although far behind in
condition and training for a. race that
will come off during the first week in
August.
Not since the memorable campaign
of 1895, when Zombro, matchless son
of the great trotter McKlnney. 2:11%,
and Stam B, best of the get of the su
perb Stambonl. 2:07%, fought for su
premacy through the Pacific Coast
circuit, has so much interest been
uroused over three-year-old trotters
as is manifest this season. Zombro
won forty heats that year, a record
that has never been equaled since, He
went into winter quarters with a rec
ord of 2:13. while Stam B beat every
horse that beat him and closed the
reason with a mark of 2: 15 Vs. Zom
bro afterward reduced his record to
":I1 rind the son of Stamboul is only
a quarter of a second behind him in
point of speed. While it may not com' 1
about that the California three-year
olds of 1904 will class with Zombro
and Stam B, the outlook at present
is that some high class young trotters,
will be seen in the three s^*eat threc
> ear-old events that, are down for de
cision. The first to be trotted will be
the Pacific Breeders' Futurity, a stake
inaugurated by the Pacific Coast Trot
ting Horse Breeders' Association. This
Ftake is guaranteed to be worth $6000
and as this is the initial contest there
is great rivalry among breeders and
owners over the outcome. •
Cricketers at Seaside Lose
to Pacifies and Alamedas,
but Beat the Top Notchers
Commodore Morrow Is Cap
tain of Defender— F. Stone
Steers Challenging Craft
in Their Barns . Fillies
and Colts of Great Speed
Several Believe # They Have
OWNERS ARE CONFIDENT
SANTA CRUZ WINS ONE
FIX KEEL VERSUS SCOW
Great Race for Blue Ribbon
of the Bay to Be Run To-
Day Over Channel Course
Sensational Struggles Are
Expected When 3-Year-
Olds Score Up for Word
Richardson Returns to City
and Will Captain" Team in
Match at Alameda Sunday
HARNESS RACING
DEVOTEES LOOK
FOR GOOD SPORT
SAN FRANCISCO
COUNTY ELEVEN
PLAYS CRICKET
RACING YACHTS
TO STRIVE FOR
CHALLENGE CUP
HORSEMEN ANTICIPATE GREAT CONTESTS AMONG THREE-YEAR-OLDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL; SATURDAY, JULY 0, 1901.
10PRETTY POLLY. THE BRILLIANT THREE-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER OK GALLIXULE. WHICH IS PRONOUNCED THE GREAT
i ';.-¦ . EST. FILLY SEEN IN ENGLAND \7i THE MEMORY OF RACEGOERS. A MATCH HAS BEEN PROPOSED WITH AUGUST
. . BELMONT'S BELDAME, AMERICA'S GREATEST FILLY.
SKILX.ED LABORER WANTED.— The
United States Civil Service Commission an
nounces that an examination will be held at
San Francisco, September 10. for the, position
of skilled laborer, departmental service. Ag<»
limit. 2O years or over. Medical certificate on
form 3C4 trust be executed. Apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission.
Washington. D. C. or to the secretary of th«
Board of Examiners. SOI Jackson street. Saa
Francisco, for application blank form 804.
Foresters Install Officers.
Court Lincoln, Ancient Order of
Foresters, has had the following
named installed as its officers for thp
current term:
U. V. Helm, chief ranger; F. W. Frerlcks,
sub-chief ranger; F.' B. Beutler, financial sec
retary; William Burdlck, treasurer; Charles
James, .recording secretary; William Rowland,
senior woodward; Dr. Abbott, Junior wood
ward: James H. Duncan, senior beadle; W.
W. Simmons, Junior beadle.
NAME OF STRET CHANGED.— The Board
of Works yesterday recommended to the Su
pervisors tfiat the name of Condon street be
changed U) Cannon. ...
ley Francks. Schmidt; Schlafley (2). Moskiman.
Earned run? — Seattle 3, Oakland 3. Two-base
hits— Delehanty. Schlafley, Streib. Three-bane
hits— Biankenship, Mosklman. Home run —
Frisk. Sacrifice hit — Van Haltren. Stolen
ba«ee — Hall. Francks (2). Baaes on balls — Off
HuKh«*?3, off Graham 0., Struck out — By
Hughes 4. by Graham 1» Hit by pitched ball —
By Graham "2. Double piny* — Delehanty to
Biankenship: Mohler to Hall to Biankenship;
Wilson to Mohler: MoBkiman ., to • Francks to
Lohman. : (The last mentioned double was un
usual, two men betas? caught at the home plate
at once.) H Time of game — Two hours. Umpire
— O'Connell. /'.'¦¦. ¦. ¦
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday certified the following named
to the Fire Commission for appoint
ment as engineers of the department:
Herbert J. Temple, William M. Mul
len, John J. Douglass, Edward F.
Dougherty, Matthew J. Cannon,
Charles F. Anderson, Albert H. Spie
gel, Thomas J. Daly and Timothy I.
Sheehan.
Will Be Appointed Engineers.
' The Siberian sable, unless protected
by law. will soon . be extinct.
John T. Gorman of 1041 Minna street
yesterday filed with the Board of Su
pervisors a claim for $250 damages sus
tained by being thrown into an excava
tion at Valencia and Market streets
while riding on a bicycle. Gorman
states that as a result of the fall his
head and face were cut. two teeth
broken and other injuries sustained
which prevent him from following his
usual occupation.
Mies Claim for Damages.
Arrested for Child Stealing.
Chief Wittman received a dispatch
yesterday from Deputy Sheriff O. A.
Kuj.pler, at Port Gamble, Wash., that
he had arrested San Tong Foo, a Chi
nese cook on the steamer Spokane,
:*nd had also in custody Alphonse
James, a boy eleven years of age. who
had been stolen by the cook in this
dtjr. He said he would take them to
th*> jail at Seattle. An officer will be
sent with the papers for San Tong
Foo's extradition. The boy is the son
of W. James, a rook at 2235 Wash
ington street, and was stolen by San
Tong Foo on June 26.
The heart of a Greenland whale is a
yard in diameter.
All arrangements have been perfected
for the first grand annual picnic of the
California Drum and Bugle Corps at
Sunset Park Sunday, July 10, 1904. Fred
S. Hobro Is the chairman of the general
picnic committee. Among those on the
committee are Joseph. Cussack, John
Mitchell. John Neubarth. Frank Tuck
ler, William Janes. William O'Brien.
James Healey, T. Ed Bailey and Henry
F. Pernau. - : 7i '
Drum Corps to Give Picnic.
The members of the Union Gun Club
will meet to-morrow' morning at the
Ingleslde traps for their regular blue
rock shoot. Among the special fea
tures will be a contest for a silver cup.
Trnpshooters nt Ingleslde.
Peter Yarbo, a soldier, fell from an
outbound electiic car of the Eddy-street
line -on Sacramento street near Lyons
fctreet early yesterday morning. H*
was taken to the Park Emergency
Hospital, where it was found that there
was a wound over his left eye and
that he was suffering from concussion
of the brain and possibly a fracture
of the skull.
Soldier Fnlls From a Car.
City Attorney Long advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that It has no
power to lease to W. L. Harper a block
of land bounded by the Pacific Ocean,
the Ocean boulevard and J and K
streets extended. Long holds that the
land in question is under the Jurisdic
tion of the Park Commissioners, who
have the right to lease* the land only
on condition that the buildings erected
thereon be used for park purposes.
Harper wants the land for some amuse
ment scheme and must now file his pe
tition with the Park Commission.
Board Has Not the Power.
NEW YORK, July 8. — Johnny Reiff,
the Jockey, who was suspended two
years ago by the stewards of the
French Jockey Club, Is reported on
good authority to have been reinstated
and will be granted a license. He Is
living at San Jose, Cal.
Jockey Johnny Reiff Reinstated.
"The charges are too preposterous to
deserve serious attention," says J.
Bottomly. secretary of the Marconi
Telegraph Company, in regard to the
suit riled against that corporation in
the Supreme Court by Henry Gardner.
The complainant demands an injunc
tion restraining the directors from dis
posing of its assets and asks that a re
ceiver be appointed for the company.
In the complaint Gardner alleges that
he is a stockholder, but Secretary
Bottomly denies emphatically that
there is any such man as Henry Gard
ner, among the stockholders of the com
pany. *
"The charges of_miBmanagement are
so wild and silly," said the secretary,
"as to make it perfectly plain that the
person who drafted the complaint was
entirely without information regarding
the affairs of the Marconi Company
and 'was pimply seeking to injure it
The company is in a very prosperous
condition, and these charges were no
doubt instJgatr-d by rival companies."
Secretary Says That Charges of
"Henry Gardner" Were Invest I- '
by Jealous Rivals.
IS NOT STOCKHOLDER
IN THE MARCONI COMPANY
The members of th% Supervisors' po
lice, committee visited the gymnasium
of the Yosemite Club yesterday in the
annex of the Mechanics' Pavilion. All
the accoutrements of a well-appointed
gymnasium were inspected and sever
al members of the organization were
seen in action at the punching bag,
sand bag and other devices.
One of the requirements in the box
ing ordinance is that any club giving
a professional boxing exhibition must
have a gymnasium. The visit thereto
was made in" connection with the
granting of the August permit which
the majority of the police committee
has recommended be given to the
Hayes Valley Club on the ground that
it was the only one having a gymna
sium. The fact that the Yosemite Club
has a gymnasium may cause the com
mittee to alter its recommendation,
thus allowing the club to promote the
Jeffries-Munroe contest for which it
has posted a forfeit of $2500.
fies Itself That the Ordinance Is
Being Compiled With.
Supervisors' Police Committee Satis-
INSPECT THE GYMNASIUM
OF THE YOSEMITE CLUB
A party of anglers headed by such
enthusiasts as Aehille Roos, Sam Hel
per,. J. B. KennilT, W. Barnes, A. O.
Harwood and W, R. Nelson, leave to
night for the Country Club at Verdi
on the Truckee. From reports they
have received they expect good sport.
Fred J. Newport In a letter to James
Watt, the well-known angler, says the
Sacramento River near Upper Soda
Springs is still high for good fly fish
ing. He tried Hedge Creek recently
and secured twenty-eight trout, chief
ly small ones. He then tried Castle
Creek and caught forty-three fair
sized fish. The best killer was a "Reu
ben Wood" fly.
Walter D. Mansfield and John Siebe
were at . Boca on the Fourth and se
cured good baskets.
W. Whittle and A. Jackson report
the water still high at Cisco although
some trout are being taken on the fly.
F. G. Sanborn has enjoyed good
fishing on the McCloud River, where
he was entertained recently by Charles
S. Wheeler at his country place.
Word comes from the wilds of El
Dorado County that fishing Is excel
lent. . Charles Hilton, Charles Schultze
and Frank Jones took 170 trout re
cently from the Rubicon. On another
occasion they secured 140.
Aehille Roos, J. B. KennlfT, Sara Heller
and Several Others Are In the
Party.
WELL KNOWN ANGLERS LEAVE
FOR THE TRUCKEE RIVER
First Race — Bonsonhurst, Miss Go
mez, The Hebrew.
Second Race — Exapo, Sister Lil
lian, First One.
Third Race — Clear the Arena, Pre
tension, Mattie II.
Fourth Race— Kurtzman, ¦ Broom
handle, Layson.
Fifth Race — Our Lillie, Potter, Mor
delln.
Sixth Race —^thena, Hymettus,
Thane.
Seventh Race — I^ndy Fonse, Miss
Betty, Decoration.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, July P. — In a pitchers' battle to
day Brooklyn failed to get a man past fln«t
base, getting only two singles off Briggs. The
latter won his own game by a scorching hit
into right field with th* aid of a wild throw.
Attendance 1800. Score: •
I\. It. r*.
Chicago 1 » J
Brooklyn • ° 2 l
Batteries — Brlggs and Kilns; Cronln and
Bergen. Umpire — Moran.
CINCINNATI. July .«.— Both teams per
formed the unusual feat of earning all their
runs. Attendance 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 7 »>
Philadelphia .1 8 1
Batteries— Hahn and Schtel; Sparks and
Dooin. ¦ Umpire— Zlmmer. •
RT. LOUIS,' July 8.— The St. Louis-New
York National League game called In second
innln; on account of rain. No scores had
been made.
Batteries — Miller, Lynch, Leever and Phelps;
Wllhelm and Needham. Umplrss — Johnstons
and Carpenter.
PITTSBURG. July 8.— Miller's poor work
defeated Pltteburg to-day. Lynch was hit on
the pitching arm by a hard hit ball and had
to retire. Attendance 2800. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg ...". 5 10 3
BoFton . 10 11 1
NATIONAL LEAGUE,
CLEVELAND, July 8.— Cleveland won two
games this afternoon, both being pitchers'
battles. Attendance, 4000. Scores:
First game — ( R- H. E.
Cleveland 3 10 *
Detroit 1 ' °
Batteries — Rhodes and Abbott: Kllltan and
Wood.
Second game — R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 5 1
Detroit l e 3
Batteries— Hess and .Abbott; Kitson and
Wood.
NEW YORK, July 8. — Long and timely
hitting- by the Bostons made to-day's game
theirs at an early stage. Score:
Boston 12 13* j
New York j 3 ° 3
Batteries— Winter and Crlger; Powell, Wolfe
and McGulrc.
PHILADELPHIA. July 8. — Washington
made but one hit off Plank to-day. Townsend
wan effective, but a timely double and a single
in the eighth gave the locals the game. At
tendance, 1700. Score:
Washington l 1 2
Philadelphia 2 8 1
Batteries— Townsend and Clark: Plank and
Powers.
ST. LOUIS. July ft.— The Chicago-St. Louis
game was postponed on account of rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
(National League.) i (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York... 49 17 .742 Boston 44 22 .687
Chicago 30 2<J .600 New York.. .40 25 ,«1G
Cincinnati ..3» 2* .582 Chicago 40 28 .5,*8
Plttsburg ...35 30 .53S Cleveland ..3ft 27 .501
St Louis.... 34 30 .Ml 'Philadelphia 33 31 .510
Brooklyn 2J» 42 .40SiSt. Louis 27 X4 .44:1
Borton 27 42 .. 'ml j Detroit 2T 88 .413
Philadelphia 10 49 .2-J0i Washington .11 51 .1<2
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
PHILADELPHIA, July 8. — Mayor
Weaver announced to-day that under
no circumstance would Tie allow the
fight between Bob Fitzsimmcms and
Jack O'Brien, scheduled to take place
to-night, to be held. He said he was
fully convinced the bout was a. prize
fight and not a boxing contest and or
dered the police to prevent the af
fair.
By Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Flying Ship, Tokalon,
Ahola.
Second Ilaci* — Mtes Inez, Handzar
rn, Ivnn the Terrible.
Third Race — Phil Pinch, Sweetie.
Outcome.
Fourth Race — Clifton Forge, Van
Ness, Shillful.
Fifth Race — Humnirr, Orfco, Scots
num.
Sixth Race — Major Msmsir, llorton,
Tancrcd.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, July S. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Harlem follow:
First race, six and a half furlonys — Wood
lyn DO. Seven Oaks 109. Anna Beall 100, Toka
lon »5. Ahola 100, Nitrate 11U, Antolce 102,
Jake 105, St. George Jr. 90. Circulator 9ti,
Flying Ship 104. Harry New 107.
Second race, five furlongs — Siss Lee 103,
Bfcli-aranno 10S, Mifs Inez 110. Gold Enamel
1<H$. Allen Avon 1<«. Hanozarra 110, Ivan the
Terrible ICK5. Walsh 100.
Third rat*, one mile, purse — Phil Finch 104,
Ptter J. Roimrs 1"7. Sweetie 102. Outcome 10",
Foncasta 107, B?arcatcher 107.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Tawas 9». Gregor
K 1W, Clifton Forge 103. Monastic 88, Bay
wood 83. Van New 101. Redman 95, Gypzene
07. Mansard V0. Skilful 107.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Lord Tnuch
wocd 100. Albany Girl 9S, Emma A M 102,
Bummer II 107, Scoteman 102, Safeguard 102,
Firing Line 108, Orfeo 103, Ryevale M».
Sixth race, on? mile and 1<«» yards. Felling —
Sir Hugh '109. Horton 1C0. Tanored 117, Mam
prlle 102. Handly Cross 111. Bill Massic 100,
Major Mani-Sr 108, Louisville 1<4.
Weather clcudy; track heavy.
IIAKLEM TRACK ENTRIES.
SEATTLE, ¦ July 8.*— Van Haltren's
running catch with one hand in the
seventh inning with three men on
bases saved the game for Seattle. Af
ter that~""Seattle batted Graham hard
and although Oakland made a good
fight in the last of the game it could
not catch up. . '*%»*¦$& ' '
j Jay Hughes did not pitch as well as
usual. Graham gave a few men base
on balls. Exciting features marked
the play from beginning to end. Score:
Oakland— ¦ ¦ Seattle—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Danley.rf 4 0 2,3 0 VHtn.cf 3 113 0
Frncks.s 4 0 1 0 3 Mohlr,2b 4 0 2 3 2
Bchmdt.lf 1 0 0 0 0 l)hnty,.1b 4 2 ,1 2 4'
KruRer.cf 4 1110 Frisk.lf. 5 1 3 * l' 0
8chfiy.2b 2 2 1 4 t Ulkshp.lb 5 2 2 8 0
Mskmn.lf 4 1-2 1 l|Bmith,rf. 4 2 13 0
t>vrux.3b 4 0 0 0 1 Hall.s. . . 4 0 0 2 5
Str«lb,lb-4 1 2 11 1 WHson.c 2 0 1 5 3
Lohmn.c 4 0 1 3 2 HuRhes.p 3 2 10 2
Grahm.p 4 0 0 0 1 _' _
— Totals. 34 10 12 27 16
Totals. 35 5 10 23 13
RUN8 AND HITS BY INNINGS. ;,
Seattle .......... 0 0 1 0 2 13 3; x— 10
Base hits 0 0 2 0 3 2 2 3 x— 12
Oakland ...:.... 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 2 0—5
Base hits...... 1 .10 0 0 1 4 3 0— 10
SUMMARY.
Errors— Delehanty. Biankenship, Hall, Gan
VAN HALTKEN'S GREAT CATCH.
- TACOMA, July 8. — Jones \ again
proved easy for the Tigers to-day. He
had nothing in his repertoire they
could not hit. They ran bases until
they were tired and made Uncle
Henry's men look like amateurs.
Keefe was in fine form and but for er
rors San Francisco would not. have
scored. The first three innings were
good baseball and then the Tigers be
gan to get on to Jones. A run in the
fourth and another in the fifth were
followed by McLaughlin's home run
in the sixth, scoring himself and Lynch.
This was the second home run of the
season over the right field fence. In
the seventh San Francisco came within
one of tying the score. This put gin
ger into the Tigers, ,who went for Jones
like a lot of Indians. Five singles,
Doyle's three-bagger with the bas^s
full, together with a couple of gifts
and a sacrifice scored seven runs.
Thirteen men faced Jones in the inn-
Ing. In the eighth McLaughlin's sin
gle. Keefe's two-bagger and singles by
Doyle and Sheehan scored two more.
The score:
Tacoma — San Franclnco —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf. 3 3 2 a 1 WWrn.cf 4 1 OS 0
Shehn.M) 6 0 4 4 1 Hldbrd.lf 4 0 111
Nrdyk.lb 5 1 1 12 0 Meany.rf 3 0 110
Eajran.i. 5 0 11 7|lrwin,3b. 2 0 110
Lynch.cf. 3 3 2 0 liAndrsn.s 3 9 0 « 2
Ca»ey.2b. 4 1 3 3 2 Mlller.2b. 4 0 12 4
McLgn.lf 5 3 3 1.0 Reitz.lb. 31190
Orahm.c. 4 113 0 L«-ahy,c. 4 0 0 11
Keefe.p. . 4 2 10 1 Jones.p.. 4 12 0 2
Totals 30 14 IS 27 13 Totals 31 3 7 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.... 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0^ — 3
Base hits 0 0 0 1113 0 1—7
Tacoma ....0 0 0 112 7 3 x— It
Base hits 1.2.0 2 12 0 4 x— 18
SUMMARY.
Errors — Nordyke. Eagan. Irwln. Andersen.
Struck out— IJy Keefe 3. by Jones 2. Bases on
balls — By Jones 0, by Keefe 3. Hit by pitcher
—Graham, Irwln. Stolen ba»es— Doyle 2. Mc-
I^Riighlln 2. Two- ba*<» 'hits — Casey, Keefe.
Hlldebiand, Jones. Three-base hit— Doyle..
Home run — McLauKhlin. Sacrifice hits — Keefe.
Casey, Eagan, Andemon. Double playe —
KiiRan to Nordyke; Eagan to Casey to Nor
dyke; Doyle to Nordyke. Left on bases —
Tacoma 11, San Francisco 6. Time of garner-
Two hours and .1 minute*, j Umpires—McCar
thy and McDonald.
Tacoma ..Team .Stakes £an Francisco
Players Look Like Amateurs. . ..-
TIGKKS DEVOUR. UNCLE'S MEN.
Mike Lynch of Boston Is
Hit on- His Pitching Ann
'and Eetires From Field
simmons - O'Brien Bout
Mayor Weaver Takes a Firm
Stand Keorardinjr the Fitz-
Pretty Polly has won all her starts
this year and has never been extended.
As Major Eustace Loder, her owner, is
a thorough sportsman the .match
seems more than a possibility.
Pretty Polly is a daughter of Galli
nule. She Is chestnut in color and
stands sixteen hands one Inch high.
With all this height she is a beauti
fully turned thoroughbred. She made
a sorry example of her rivals In the
Oaks. They did not seem able to gallop
fast enough to hustle her out of a brisk
canter. St. Mlndred was beaten off a
quarter 6t a mile, and her jockey was
asked Ironically, "Where have you
been?"
Englishmen concede that in no year
within two score and ten has there
been such a marvel seen as th* brilliant
daughter of Gallinule.
Americans almost to a unit say that
in no year within the memory of man
has there been in this land the equal of
the brilliant Beldame. Peerles as Bel
dame is here. Pretty Polly is considered
equally eo on the other side of the
ocean. Pretty Polly has conquered all
England. Beldame has swept America
with her prowess. Each is invincible in
her own country. Each is seeking con
quests new.
Beldame is the property of August
Belmont. but her racing qualities are
leased to Newton Bennington. in whose
colors she is racing. She Is a chestnut
filly by Octagon-Belladonna. Possibly
her greatest performance was her sec
ond to the five-year-old Hermis last
Saturday. The mile was run in 1:3S.
Although Beldame was interfered with
ehe was beaten but one length by the
Thomas horse, to whom she was con
ceding two years in age.
The sportsmen of this country and of
England axe discussing p. race the pos
sibility of which has stirred up more
interest than any match since the mem
orable meeting of Salvator and Tenny
at Sheepshead Bay,
The proposal has been made that
Beldame and Pretty Polly, the greatest
three-year-old fillies, respectively, of
America and of England, meet in a
special match in September after they
have fulfilled their season's engage
ments. It is proposed that the battle
ground of this equine duel be left to
chance and that it be decided by the
toss of a coin.
CLEVELAND LANDS
BRACE OF GAMES
POLICE PREVENT
A PRIZEFIGHT
Negotiations Are Pending
for Eace Between Beldame
and Pretty Polly.
* PORTLfAND," July 8.— Pitcher Roach i
.was ¦ the herb of a ; l-tb-0 victory of "the i
Browns- to-day over Los Angeles. His
gilt-edged delivery prevented the visit
ors scoring and'it>was his sounding
whack at the bail, in the ninth that
scored. the lone winning run. , .'. . i
Toman at second had his mitt'.on the
ball, but it was coming so fast he jug- !
gled and the Brown pitchbr beat the
throw to first. This was in the ninth.
Nadeau had singled and had j stolen
second. Beck hit. safely; but Raymond,
forced him out at .Second. Raymond
went as far as second on Castro's sin
gle.f iThen Shea was given a pass: Dug
dale made a feint at this point of put
ting in Thielman to bat for Roach. As
it turned out Roach had a "chance to
add to his honors, for it was then hie
lined the hot one 1 to Toman, while the
latter fielded the 'ball to first before
Raymond came home.
¦ Ix>s Angeles got a man as far-as-sec
ond twice during the game and Na
deau's, two-bagger helped . him as far
as third. That was all that was doing
until the ninth:
Bill Campbell showed .well in his first
game with two put-oats, .one a double
play and- five assists, with but one er
ror. The score; •/;•/'•", ¦¦¦'.-
Portland— ¦ • ¦•• I Los Angelegi— .
AB. R. H. P.A. - AB. R. H. PA.
Nadau.lf .4- 0 2-1 OTomari.Bs 4 0 12 1
McCre.rf. 4 ; 0 0 10 Flood^h. 4 0 2 10
Drnan^f 4 0 0 5 0 Smith.Sb 4 0 0 2 2
Beck.lb. 3 0 "1 lo 1 Berrtrd.cf 4 0 2 2 0
Rymdi«-3 1-1 1 2 Cravtlr.rf -l-:,0,« 2 0
Castro, 2b_4 . 0. 2 . 3 ¦ 0. Chase, lb 30 0 (J. t>
Cmpb,3b 3 0 0 2 OIRofs.U.. 3 O 0'4. O
Sh-=a,c f ., 3 0-0 2 ©'Spies c. 3 Q.O 71
Roach.p. 3 0 0 2 P.Baum.p. { 3 0 0 0 3
Totals 31 1 6 27 lir totals 2» 0 3*20 t
, •Two out- when winning run was made..
'.'•: RUNS AND HITS BY IXNING3.
Portland ......... 0 00 000 0.0 1—1
Base hit*.. O 110 1 1 0 0.2 — 0
Los - Angeles . .06 0 0 O O O 0 O — 0
Base hits...,....! 1 2-0 0 0 1 0 0—3
" ¦¦; '¦:'¦ ¦ SUMMARY. \'
: Sacrifice hits — Campbell. Cravath (2). Er
ror^—Camptell. Toman, j Smith, Spies." j Stolen
bases. — ; Nadeau. Beck.. "Bases- en. balls r— Off
Baum-3. Struck out>-*By, Roach l.-by; Baurri .7.'.
Two-baj^?' hit— Nadeaij.. " Double plays — Oarhpt
bell to Beck; Roach to Castro. Left on basea-~
Portland 10, Los . Angeles" 3. Balk — Baum.
F4r*t-base on errori — : PortIand 2.' I»s Angeles
1. Time of game—^One 'hour and thirty minutes.
Umpire Brown. Attendance — 22C0- ¦; ¦¦¦¦
Special Dispatch .to Tlie ';CalI
(Pacific Coast; League-.) -1
\V. L. Pet3 . w. L. Pet.
Tacoma 59 41 .5W>, Oakland .4!) 49 .50i>
Seattle .....50 41 .577iSan Fran JS9 5S .402
Los Angeles. 54 40 .540 1 Portland :...3ll 58 .Ssa
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Who Jugglesraiid Raymond
Reaches; Hoiiie^ Cleverly
SGQKES WINNING KUN
ST. LOUIS -'ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS,.. July 8.— The Junior
Championship stakes will.be decided
to-morrow at the Fair grounds. The
day's entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Dr. Cavi'
110, Prince Hoadley 10JS. Dr. Burns 107, Rusl
Reuben 107 Bensonhurst 100, Lady Charles'
10O, -Berry Hughes 09, Rapport 09, Never
Smile S»«, Foghorn 96, Bombtno 90. Blumenthal
04, Ml?s Gomez »3. The Hebrew 91.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
inp—Hinsdale ll.J. Memphian 110. - Bird wood
1<)». Kinloch Park 107. Second Mate 105 a Mis^
Eon 105, Uranium 105, George Vivian . 104,
First One 102, Exapo 102, 'Mae Miller l<r!,
Maud Wallace 102. Sister Lillian 100, Ascot 95.
Third ra-:e. -seven furlongs — Thistje Do 10w,.
Mattie H Miffc Pretension- »7 ; Fenian 0T,»Glear
the Arena 05. ' •". • '>'¦'.¦ • ¦'¦¦ : . ¦¦¦»* .
Fourth race, six furlongs. Junior Champion
ship—Kurtzman 123 BroomhandSe 121. Mis-s--
In«z 120, Dinhahille' 115, Layson 113, Jlwml
110.
Fifth race, six furlcngs, selling — Worthing
ton 107 dales 107, Chorus Boy 107 Sidmund
106 Sid Silver 105. Crime 103, Caterpillar 1C-'.
Lanfdowne 102, Jake Ward 102. Potter 101,
Stump Town 100, Orient OS, Selected 9ti, Our
Lillie 05, Sol Smith 94, MordellaSO. -
Sixth race, one and three-eixteenth miles —
Thane 10K, Bessie McCarthy 10C. Hymettus 104,
South Breeze 100, Athena 93.
Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Rolling Boer 109, Decoration 107. Caith
ness 105 Judge Cantrill 1C2, Pourquol Pas 100,
Mohave 05, Misw Betty 93, Lady Fonse 87.
Weather threatening; track heavy.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
three- year-olds and up: :
Bcttirg. Hor*5. Weight. Jockey. . St. % Fin.
Eycii — Jerrj' Hunt,102 (W.Flsc) I 15 18
8 to 5— Gailighter, JOS fD.Aust) fi 2,3 2 nk
5 to 1— Wolfram. 100 (Stoval)-. 7 3 3 . .3 4 ¦
Time, 1:51 ',4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. B. Srnreiber's b. g. (8) by S:-rvltor-Inno
cence. Pompey 102, Strader 103. Alice Turnef
107, Ro>-al Deceiver 1CS. finished as named. . .
FIFTH RACE — Six and a halt furlongs;
thre^-year-olds and up:
Betting. Her*:. Weight, 'Jockey. St. =i Fin.
«tol— Sid Silver. Ill) (Howell). 1 14 12
8 to 1— Sanctum, 108 (N'icol) 2 2 :{ 2.2
2 to 1— Preakness.lOS (W.Fisch) 7 313%,
Time, 1-2U3-;. Start good Won driving.
Winner. J. J. Oele's b. jc. v4) by Siddartha^
Kilv-er Bangle. Miss Manners 112, Ambsrita
10:i. Tom Mankins 110, Tattenham 105. Avoid
112, Ptrcy Clark 122. finished as named; -.
FOURTH RACK — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olas:
Uottins. Horsf. Weighty Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Montebank, 100 <Fisch> 3 1 (i 1 4
1 5 to 2— Commodore, ICO (Linds) 4 2 3 2n
'H to I— Bugltr. 100 (D. Austin). 2 3' » nk
Time. 1:5.1. Start Kood. Won easily. Win
ner. J. AV. Schorr's ch. ' c. (:{) by Sir Modred-
Woodford. Forehand, 100, also ran. ¦ ¦
THIRD RACK — Four and a half furlongs;
two-jear-oids:
lit-tting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % . Fin.
<: to 1— Hadrian, 105 CFischer)... « 2 .5 . 1 h
15 to 1— Mr. Dade, 107 (Troxler). 7 1 :t 2 4
V) to 1— Azellna, 100 (Booker) 8 5 1 .U
Time, :5S^. Start good. Won 'driving.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's br. c. (2) by Hand-
Fcme-Klondyke. De Grammont 10CJ, Mellwood
101. My Kleanor l»S, Black Art 105, Franco 102.
Fayoharpe »:?, Monofp-am 102. Leila Hunter
!»5. tint^hed as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds, and up: .
j:,-ttlnjr. Horse, Weight. tJockey. St. 3 4 Fin.
X to i!— ATick». 104 (Watson) 4 3 5 11
S to 0 — Miss M. Day. 107 (Trxlr) 1. 2H42 4.
ltitol— S. Ventura, 102 4Heims). * • 1 V4 3.JS
Time, 1 :l»i;. Start' good. Won easily.'
Winner, S. V. Abel & Co.'s ch. m. (4) by
Lowhatchee'-Harlem, Lady Contrary 107. Lady
Felix 1U2, Blissiul ,105, finished as named." -
FIRST RACE— Klve furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
* to 1— Dishabille, 112 (Crowhst) 4 3 a lltf
l.itol — Useiul LHdy, 105 (Fisher) 2 ,1 I»i2 4 .
4 to 0 — Loretta M, 105 (Troxler). 3- 'i W. 3 12 '
Time. l:Cr>. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. G. C. Bennett & Co.'s br. l. (2) by King's
COUnsel-NIght Gown. Sweet Swarr 1UT, Mon
occ Maid H>5. /.hula 112, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— Montebank, win
ner of the Independence Handicap,
scored again • to-day, defeating . Com
modore handily.. Rain made the track
a mire and many upsets occurred. The
weather continues rainy and the- track
is muddy. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In a Battle With Baum
the Portland Slab Artist
Carries Oif All the Honors
NEW FORK. July 8. — The rich
Brighton handicap, with Hermis, W'at
?^rboy, Irish Lad. The Picket. High
ball and other flyers carded to start,
will be the feature at Brighton Beach
race course to-morrow. The day's en
tries:
First race, one and a sixteenth miles — Fire
Kftter 109 H'llo 1"J*». Arden MXi. April Shower
3'x;. Hanieiitead 1<*>. Jack Ratlin lWi, t.'n
rr.asked HO. Lord Me!b)urae l^KI. Nine Fpot
IkI BUlea Moments 101. Flara 101, Gay ls>
t'a'ri'i 100, I»at Costlon 90. Stilicho 9«, Sals
:*^. Atwcod !tT.
Second race. t»« and a. ha'.f miles, steeple
, haF^ — Lavp.fr 104, Adjidaumo 13S, Emi
irar.t 13a
Third Ta<*. six furf»ingt= — Melros- 112. In
vader 112 Buttling 112. Dandelion 112. E«
¦ •wt'heon 112. Vola-lay 112. Ilutnble Bee 1<^».
y.cnha Goiman HS«. Jerry C 100, Sinister 102.
P.e.1 Reynard 102. Water Light 102.
Fourth ikci*. one and r «juaiirr miles, the
TSiichton h«r.di<-jip — Hermip 1IE». Waterljoy 129.
Tri^h Lart 127. Major Oainzerficld 124. The
I'i<kft. 124. Eugenia Burch lio. Oit Wells 10S.
DrOOtCsUck lf>4. I*alm»»-arer ».">. St. Valentine
'.••J. Uicht.Hll UTi. (Hermis. St. Valentine and
I'nlrr.b-arer. Thnm»> entry.)
Filth race. *>lx rurionirs. pelting — King Pep
\*-r HE. Major Pelhum \»t. LMck Bernanl 104.
Yi rr.jt Henri' IW. Hivlnatkn 102. Et Tu Brut*
I OS, Tejiee U7. L«-tola III. S.rh^harie lift. Way
farer If:*. Rlpht and True I1Q, Queen Itel!e
Stt. JIy<irane<»a Ut. o-jykany lf<4. Ccunterpoise
1<7. E1«e L. 100.
.-'.«i.. race one "»ni an eighth mile? — April
PtK.wtf 1O<;. Sir flf>che UKi. Allan 10.1. The
ftiva! 103. Stolen Moments 101. I'o«e«slon 06.
Trlmbearer »<t. Chamjdain H4. RcveiHe K*.
fien'enth race, five and a half furlongs — In
the Dark 11U. Cbnrles Ellictt 110. Ancassin
11" Finirter 110, 1'arrtti 11<». Tommy Wad'lell
1H»' Knight of Wertf.n 110. Lindsay Gordon
ll'i. Migraine 110. Broa'lclot'i 110. Bulwark
l«l «'ourier 107. Fair Reveler 107, Raiment
I0T. Benlala 107, Mirthle r5 107.
W«-kther clear; track heavy.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
n>- th« New Tork Morning: Telegraph.
• t-lng Ila»T — Stflicho, Atwood, Sto-
I«'n Moments.
Sr«-ond Ilacc — I^avator, Actjidaumo,
Twillsht It.
Tliird llaci' — Ruinhlc Bcc, Dande
lion, Hcd Reynard.
I "on nil Iliicf — Ort Wells. Irish Lad,
W'atcrbo;
Fifth Race — Major Pclham, King
IVpper, Kt Tu Unite.
Sixth Ra«'--Hoveille, Stoh-n Mo
irw*nt«, Possession.
Seventh Ra<-c — Rroadcloth, Bul
wark, Tommy Waddcll.
imiCiHTOX BKACII ENTRIES.
BRIGHTON BEACH. X. Y.. July 8.—
1'eeause the racepoing public has
yearned for weeks to see a high-class
two-year-old, the fact that H. B. Dur
yea's brown filly Iota, by Sandringham
out of dementia, was to start in the
last race at Brighton Beach to-day
was of more than usual interest. It
".a* known she was a good one, but
the problem was. would she run
¦ sreen." or would she do as Bumble
Hee did and spreadeagle her field? *
The feld moved av.ay from the bar
rier with Icta last, or next to last. She I
seemed hopelessly out of it until half
way round the turn. Nightmare was
the par*»maker for half a mile, when
rhe retired in favor of Salt and Pep
per. The latter looked a winner when
the shouts pt the spectators called
attention to the green and white
Jacket of Jockey Hildebrand on Iota.
£he had gone around the field of horses
on the outside, where the going was
pood, and rajiidly overhauled Salt and
Pepper, winning under restraint. Linda
I^ee. under a hard drive all around the
turn, was third. Intrigue was inter
fered with at one stage of the race.
The time, l:0!», did not say much for
the class of those behind Iota. The lat
ter, however, won like a stake filly.
Cratches were numerous during the.
afternoon. The owners evident ry did
rot foresee how good the track would
Le. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
liriUr.K. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. =i Fin.
' to I— Aust;n Allen.H 1 ?* <Uedf) 2 3 1 1 »«
?i to 5 — Britisher. 10S (O'Neill). 3 6 1«J2 2'«
lOOtt-1— C \v U, 1C1 (Corroack). 4 4 3 3 n "
Time. 1:16 3-6. ftart good. Won driving
winner, D. L. McGinni**' b. c. by Gonsalvoc-
Nf-II Hale. Amberjack, Dream* and Baroque
finished as named. ,
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
felling; three-year-old* and up:
BetttSd Horre. height. Jockey. Ft. s* Fin.
fi to 1— Glistrn, JH; (Hildebrand) S 4 1 12
3 to 1— lUrdolph. 101 (Crimmnf) 4 1 h 2 3S
40tol — Cor.klir.* S18 <Travers).. 2 2 1S-3 2>i
Time. 1 :4s 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. H. Schauf* ch. f. by Knlsht of
!^l.«rr*lie-Htlcved. Eihics. Phaser, Cataline,
lloehamptcn. Tcisan. Briarthorpe and Col
legian finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; high weight
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Hettjns. Hor?«, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
ft to 2— James V. lln (Hlldebra) 1 11 1 :»4
:> to 2— HijchChan<-eSlor.U7«OX) 3 3 4 2 n
12 to 1 — Stalwart. 110 (Redfern). 6 5 2 3 5
Time, 1 :14. Start fair. Won handily. Win
rer. C. F. Dearman'p ch. c. by Karandole
-Alarm Mare. Funny t=ide. Kohinoor. King
Pepper and Marjoram flni^hed as named.
FOrRTH RACE— One and an eighth mile?;
handicap; three-year-old* and up:
JkttiriK. HorFc, UVight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
4 to 1 — Illyria 1(4 <D. O'Connor) .1 1 4 1 24
<i to 1 — Lord Badge. 117 (CumgF) 4 2 3 2 n
Even — Carbuncle. 12U < Redfern) 2 3 " « 34
Time. 1 :5t> 1 -5. t^tart poor. Won cleverly.
Wiener. W. C Daly's br. h. by Sam Lucas-
LHliya. Grenade alFO ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
ullinjr; three-year-old* and up:
Iiettinc. Horw Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Eve ri— De RefcZke. 1(IS (Shaw) 2 1 % 1 \
12 to 1 — Cincinnati!*. U*i <HMbd) 1 .1 2 8
k to 5 — Flambeau 99 (Crtmnf). 3 2 h 3
Time. 1 :4T :{-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. M. L. Hayman'* br. h. by Lamp
lijrhter-Serene. Three starter*.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a ha'.f furlongs;
mai'i*-n two-year-old fillife:
Bettiaf. Horse. Weijrht. Jorkey. St. ~' t Fin.
:i to 1— Iota 105 (Hildebrand). II 12 11
to 1 — £. and Pepper.105 (Crmr « 4 1 2 a i
7 to S — Linda L*-e. 1C3 < Burns) 8 « 1 3 6
Time. 1 :<J9. Start r>ocr. Won easily. Win
rer. II. B. Duryea's br. f. by Sandringham
• 'iementina. Intrljrue, Lilac. Niphtmare. Fairy
Dance. Kin Modesty, Gotowin. Princess
V. hf-<W. Remir.lncence, Good for Nothing,
finished as r.amtd.
SiTcial Dicpatch to The Call
From a Bad Start the Daugh
ter of Saudringhani Wins
Under Restraint.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds; selling.
14 to 5— Edward Hale. 107 (Hgn) 4 5 8 12
12 to 3 — Freesias. S3 (Aubuchcn) 1 3 2 2 2
11 to 2 — Great Eastern. US (Lvn) 3 18 3 1.
Tim.-. 1:53 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. Licalzi'u b. c. by Falsetto-Mis?
Richmond. Brand New 100, Montazel 05, Dur
bar 0>i, Loulr Kraft 103, Fair Alleen 9S, fin
ished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
an.l uj>: purse:
Bt'ttinc;. Hors-:. Weight. Jockey. Ft. K Fin.
14 to 5 — Don't Ask Me, 98 <Knp) 3 2 2»il 1
15 to 1— Hudson. lo» (Feicht) 2 1 h 2 «
3 to 2 — The Lady, Krt (Larson) 1 3 12 3 5
Time, 1 :43 4-.Y Start sootl. Won easily.
Winner. J. W. Fullers ch. m. (.5) by Six Dix
on-Ali<-na. Rabunta 110, Annora J S5, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds; selling:
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Soufriere. 104 (Miller).. 7 2 4 15
7 to 2— Leila 107 (Helgesen).. 2 3 10 2 1
U to 2— Klelnwood. 103 (Feicht) 6 1 2%3 10
Time. 1 :60. Start good. Won in a canter.
Winner, A. F. Dayton & Co.'s ch. . f . by In
spector 13-Londslip. Foresight 103. Alma Du
four 102. Falerntan 103, Jerry Lynch 100,
finished as named.
olds-; purse.
Benin*. Hers*. -Wight. Jockey. St. *i .. Fin..
11 to 5— Cigarllphter. 103 (Knap) 1 3 4 1 3
«t» to 1 — The Pet, 1C5 (Hoffk-r) 4 12 2 nk
C to 5 — Florentine, 107 (Helgsn) 3 2 nk 3 1
Time 1 :03 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. M L>. Miller s br. c. by Lampllshter-
The Empress. Regale HiO. Broadway Girl 104.
Free Field Cbunt 104. Blanche B 100. finished
as ns:;.-'i.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
four- year-olds and up; handicap:
liming How Weight, Jockey. St. ?; pin.
13 to 1— Hand vice. U3 (Peters). 3 1 h 12
* to I— J. K. Owens. 132 (J linen) 0 2 nil 1' nk
0 to 1— Cardigan. 130 (Bates).. 2 3 2 3 10
Time 3:42 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J G. Mitchell's blk. g. by Hanover-De
vice. Leo Planter 165 Creolin 142. Golden
Links 145. Montanic 144.' Fullback 134, finished
as named. Allegiance 130 fell.
CHICAGO,.July 8.— An ordinary card
was presented to a good-sized crowd
to-day at Harlem. The weather was
good, but the track was heavy. Prob
ably the best race of the afternoon was
the steeplechase over the short course,
in whkh nine started. All finished ex
cept Allegiance, which fell at the third
jump. lie then finished the course
riderless and ran four miles before
stopping. Creolin was favorite, but
secured no part of the money. Hand
vice at 15 to 1 won easily from John
E. Owens, which beat Cardigan only
a neck for the place. Moorish Damsel
was the only winning favorite. "Big
Bill" Knapp rode two winners.
John A. Drake wired J. G. Greener
to-day that he would not give $25,000
for Oiseau, and $10,000 more if he won
the Futurity, on account of his defeat
on the 4th inst. The offer of $20,000
cash still stands. It is believed here
that the son of Ornus- Kittle Gunn
will shortly be in the Drake barn. Sum
maries: - ,
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-yoar-olds; selling:
Benin*. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
5 to i— Moor. Damsel. 107 <Hlsn> :> 3 111
5 to 1 — Jade 102 (Lawrenw).. 5 5 2. U-h
20 to 1— No .Trumrxr. 102 tLvgn) 13 3 n
Time, 1:11. start pood. Won. handily. Win
ner. S. Brown's hr. f. by Esher-Lamoor.
Dixie Lad 111 Lady Laooa 37, Allen ' Avon
104, Dixelle 102 Judge Sanfley 100. Bonebrake
lOt Bert Osra 101,- Gallant Cassie 102. Ray
mond K 1C5, Swift and True 102. finished: -as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Handvico. an Outsider in the
Betting, Is First in Har
lem Steeplechase.
3Iontebank Defeats Commo
dore in the Feature Event i
¦ at St. Louis. - -
IOTA, IN DURYEA'S GREEN AND WHITE,
PROVES A FILLY OF SOME CLASS
ITCHER ROACH
IS THE HERO OF
SHUTOUT GAME
INTERNATIONAL HORSERACE SETS PEOPLEOF TWO CONTINENTS TALKING
PROPOSED INTERNATIONAL MATCH
SETS SPORTSMEN'S BLOOD ATINGLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 0, 1904.
11THE -bAN t KAN UbCU, CALL, SATURDAY^ JULY 9, 1901.
12
FRE.E II fl Most UsefuF Noveftn | | FREE
. , tiousefiofd. Sporting and Professional
PATENTED.
Housewives' Aid in keeping >?=^ These Scales are^in demand /^^^
"V / * a k on e butcher, Baker, /T^\\ and are very popular with (T })
Vj/ Grocer, Fruit and Vegetable \l Jn physicians for weighing \ ff
2Sj % Vender and others. ckr^m in^ ants *
i\w iP- "NO FAMTTY SfTflTTTD RF i^H
lm AKKAJN 1 tAJ \\ 3 zr WITHOUT ONE." I3||
Wi n-r j tn t A .r « i£3 without one of the Pelouze jfjii
m> Made of Brass, beautifully HB Nickel-Plated Scales. H
Half Actual Size Actual Size. . Half Actual Size.
In keeping with its usual enterprise, THE CALL engaged the celebrated Pelouze Scale
Company of Chicago to manufacture a special lot of these useful household and sporting
scales, especially for the use of its "WANT AD." patrons, and on Thursday, Friday and
Saturday of this week every one bringing a WANT ADVERTISEMENT for insertion in
next Sunday's CALL will receive one of these useful little premiums.
: .>Va 'These scales sell regularly at 40c apiece and cannot be purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will readily realize that THE CALL is not only issuing the best pre-
miums ever offered by a newspaper, but is giving them a series of useful articles that can-
not be purchased locally for three and often four times the actual cost of thefr little WANT
ADVERTISEMENT. This concession alone should be a big inducement to insert your
ad. in this paper, not to mention any', .ing of the big returns advertisers receive from adver-
tisements placed with THE CALL.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tho San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth: open until lip. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayea street; open until 9:30 p. m.
; . 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:80 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until » p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until Dp. a >.vr
„. J _ 1096 Valencia street; open until Dp. m, •_ *_
' Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. j
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m. '
1016 Broadway. ............ ...~ ..Telephone Main 1083
I BERKELEY OFFICE: ' '
2148 Center Street......... ...........Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park Street
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED 31 ALfc^_
AN experienced all around metal worker and
metal polisher and especially in soldering
iretal. speaks German and English, would
like position; will start at mtulerate w »S e3 :
can furnish bend tf necessary. FRITZ. 2
Carolina place, nr. Powell and Pacific sta-
GOOD ad.-writer. special knowledge of mall
order and follow u^ system, desires posi-
tion In country store; willing to assist in
any way required; flrst-claas references. Box
3130. Call otflce. -u-V- :
GARDENER, first-class, with thorough knowl-
edge of flowers.* vegetable*, shruba. care i>r
lawns and ornamental grounds, desires im-
mediate engagement on first-class private
pUce. Box 312S. Colt office.
MECHANICAL draftsman, good designer and
detaller. 1!» years' experience, mining, sta-
tionary, marine power plants. factories,
wants i>o?'.tion or work at home. Box. .V-IJ.
Call office. J
EXPERIENCED caterer and chef cook desires
positlcn as kitchen steward In ftrst-cla*»
hotel; country preferred. Box 3138. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as Jan-
itor; can take charge of a building and can
give reference. Box 3126. Call.
JEWELER, young man. 8 years' experience,
wants position in shop. 2211 Pacific aye.,
Alameda.
PRINTER — All round; competent to take,
charge; city or country: married; sober. Ad-
dress Printer. 23 Sumner st.
A GOOD dentist wishes position. E. B.. i23
Eddy st.
WANTED— Position In railroad office. R. H.
F.. box 3243. Call office. _____
MIDDLE-AGED man wants place on chicken
ranck:. Box 1807. Call office.
A YOUNG man. acquainted with railroad and
clerical work In general, rapid at figure*.
legible penman, desires position of any kind.
Box 8231. Call office.
AN all-round cabinetmaker, sober and reliable,
desires a steady position la hotel, stars or
kindred establishment to do repairing. «tc
Box 3147. Call. ___
A POSITION as collector and sollcltJa* agent
on a salary; experience and good references.
Box 3141. Call office. _
STENOGRAPHER. 23 years old; willing to do
any kind of offle* work; good references.
Box S143. Call office. _
WHEELWRIGHT and general woodworker
wants work; has full set of tools; city or
country. Box 3144, Call office.
VERY hardy mechanical man Is In need of em-
ployment at once; one that can get there;
piece work preferred. "BISH." box 3U8.Call
POSITION wanted— First-class man witn
horses, do garden work, milk, general man
about place; reference. Box 3213. Call offlea.
A JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants a posi-
tion in nice family in city or country: wmm
$35 up. H. N. IIZUKA, 6 Central place. San
Francisco. Cal.
A JAPANESE wants any kind of a position in
city In afternoon between 8 and 8 o'clock.
M. NAGAI. 833 Sacramento st-. tel. Jamw
5261.
JAPANESE, good, honest boy. wants position
as schoolboy, do cooking, in city. GEORGE,
744 Post st. '
A DILIGENT Japanese boy wants position aa
schoolboy: talks good English. Address 154 i
Polk st.; telephone Larkin 3862.
JAPANESE couple want position, man as cook.
wife for sreneral housework: wagea $53 and
up. F. FUJI1. 539 Stevenson st.
CHINESE, first-class French cook; hotel,
boardlng-hous-9 or family. YAN ON. 837 Sac-
ramento st.
A RELIABLE Japanese wants a position as
schoolboy; speaks English well; has good
reference. MORITA. 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as help of
cook. 1544 Polk st.; phene Larkin 3S62.
JAPANESE wants to do work, general help
for family; go to school. 1215% Post st.
JAPANESE wants to do work. s-*neral help for
family: go to school. 1215% Post st.
A JAPANESE young man wishes a position for
morning work. Address A. H.. 413A Pos,t st.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position. H.
F.. 831 Sacramento st.
FlRST-cIai-s Chines* cook wants position;
hotel or boardlr.g-house. 1110 Stockton st.
CHINESE cook wishes i-ltuatlon In private
family. Address box 3243. Call office.
YOUNO Chinese boy wants position to do
kitchen work. 7*4 Washington st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
«f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Opei? until 11 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT^
All desirable vacant houses and flats ar« list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; w« never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST.,
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and. Cats to let; aa Immense Uat:
service absolutely free; taks advantage of
this department; It will sav* you tlm* and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-2M
Geary st.. on the square
NOE. 1050— Beautiful new Cat; sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements-
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. car*.
MASONIC are.. 1317. near 'Waller— Eleg-ant,
sunny, up-to-dat« upper flat. 7 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
BUSH. 1211A — Flat of 3 rooms and large sjl
cove; bath boiler; rent $20. Apply 12OTA
Bush st.
NEW corner flats, clo«» to park; 9 rooms;
bath; tinted; all sunny. $27 60. B it, and
Fourth ave.
NINETEENTH. 3632 — 2 sunny fiats to let; 4
mon» and bath, $23 SO; 5 rooms and estTi.
$25; key at premise*.
HARRISON, 828 — Flna, modern, new Cat of 8
rooms; reasonable to respoaslbls party.
FLAT of five rooms and bath. 4» Hermann at.
NEW sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath: close to Cae-
tro cars; adulta. 4178 Twentieth st.
LAKE. 740-742— New flats. « room* eaca; wot
$22 50 and $27 SO; flne new.
MODERN, sunny, upper Sat. 9 rooms and bata;
rent $20. 1510 8anch«» st.. near 29th.
POLK. 2518A — A neat upper flat. 4 roam* and
bath.
$12 95—4 8TJNNY rooms. 135 Try ave.. naar
Van Ness ave. and Hayes it. ¦—¦ -~ :
FELL. 383. near Octavia — Modern sunny lower
flat. 5 rooms and bath. ,
FILLMORB. 1124. corner — 7 rooms, all l!*-"st
and large; modern: upper story; rent $40.
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let. *****
on LYON ft HOAG. 118 Mont-romeTy stT^
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllrnore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
FLATS TO LET— FCR.MSnED,
HAlGH^r«9sT~Buena^?lsta?^o7r^CentraTT^
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished-
house has all conveniences and to situated la
FURNISHED Cat of 7 room* to rent. 1790
Sutter st.: tel. Baker, 1871.
CAPP. 614—5 sunny desirable rooms: gas and
coal range: piano.
FLATS FOR SAtE— FURMSHED.
F V. RNI JH. R 5 of '-roora flat for sale; bar-jaln.
Box 3233. Call office.
FOR SALE^ — Furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bath; down town. Box 1427. Call office.
FimxITURE WAXTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st Tel. Jewle 7«1.
Don t sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until yon get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY 4= CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.earpets.--tc. 782 Mission: t>l Bush 413.
FCRXITCItE . FOR SALE.
YOU can bny $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week. T.. Brilliant' »
Furniture Co.. 340 p o , t st.. near Powell
Ander. on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prtce*.
FUHNrrURE. stovee. bought, sold, exchanged.
»¦««. 43» V-tfeacta.iir.lBth.-r-n.Caun-hMTS.
DEXTI8TS. ,.,. nJ^^.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 CO; fillings. 50o:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building. 1095 Market. 2d floor; all
first-clasM dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
ALL work, warranted by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr... 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. rl4. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD filling-*, 75c: silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management. Com-
bined course, $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day, evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723
Market st. *
A BIGGER scnool than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more -space;
finer rooms: better light; finest In the West.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School ot Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy. 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day. ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessiuns; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.14^5 Mar-
. ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrldty,24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING— Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
¦ nlles. Sat. -2 to 6; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, dec.; mln.. mech., sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeplng.shorthand;
dny. eve. Western Bus. College. 1107. Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75- page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlntse help. . 426 Powell st. : tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE . Employment Office— Bett help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagakl.mcr. : tel Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
¦;. Tel. Main 1997. BRADLET A CO.. C40 Clay.
cxoTxzxira besotatino.
SUITS cleaned; and pressed,* $1: scouring and
"dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
' . ; COTtEB XtJTTVnBLB. .
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 120U Market st.; send for circular,
iTffll-Mtiisui mi Hi if II I V "iT If " *~ T M till *¦» i il~i"~~ I mJB TiMi i iTM-I r«m !¦ ¦ II i _«•»*¦ m_ ¦
ncsi-vTcss cnxxcES— Cal i*!££Z$x~
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
rOR— €a|e— Well-furnished n-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing: completely furnished and equipped
lor housekeeping; automatic generator f»r
maklnff own eas: toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over r.isrht; perfect little home; owner
ibliRtd to go East; make offer. CAMERON
fc CO.. 3 Eddy st. - |
FOR rale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rms.-hse. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business;
central locntlon; established 9 years; rent
?'!(•; clears $90 to ?1CO per month; price $500;
• must sell on accouht of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOH *ale — Cairiage and wagon factory and
general jobbing; established 27 years: well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x126. with cottage,
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class: on direct car j
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at. -
FOR SALE — A fine hotel business with bar;
at a good point on the railroad In Slsktyou
County; the bar alone pays well. For par-
ticulars address box 1493, Call office.
STOCK and fixtures of a first-class millinery
store for eale. Apply on premises, 116 Stock-
ton St., city. ,
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 1226,
Call efflce. Oakland.
WANTED — To buy a grocery, either with or
* without bar; one that will stand close In- |
vestigation. Address box 1402, Call.
FOR SALE— Hctel In Paso Robles. furnished
, complete and paying a good profit. Address
for particulars, box 26S9, Call office.
TEA and coffee route In San Francisco for
Eale; a good class of customers . and good
profit. Box 2609, Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery and delicatessen; a good
clean stock of goods; average business, $31 SO
per day. Box 14G3, Call office.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $90 a month; price $250. 632
Market, room 6.
FOR rale — Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars Inquire
600 Third et.. S.W. cor. Bryant; no- agents.
FOR SALE— Saloon] Call at Western Rubber
Stamp Works, 521 Mission st.
FOR SALE — Fine grocery, also liquors; parties
going East; corner Duncan and Guerrero.
FOR SALE — A good paying h*otel In Hay-
wards.- Box 3575. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery store in East Oakland.
! Box 2G97. Call office.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average $22 dally. I fox 14S2, Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of a i vert t«' merits and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOUGIXG-HOL'SES KOlt SAI.U.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
__ ____
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $2vO per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city; price $3200.
00-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appotnt-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on acconnt of sickness.
7-room fiat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only. $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
llehts: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
7-room modern flat, close in. well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to ?600 per month; must cell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time: price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearinc $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears 5400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. . .- r^\
160 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment -house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
20 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient. 6000
31 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouse and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan 'on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MARION GRIFFIN, .>¦
¦
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
A— $5000: LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kept
by owner 25 years; rent $200; lease; 'fine fur-
niture; place clearing above $350 per month:
vicinity Market and Kearny sts. Box 1*700.
Call office. '
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from.
45-ROOM corner house; $125 rent; steady and
transient trade; my failing health only cause
of Belling. Box 2699. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms, for sale; pays
$70 per month over expenses; full all the
time. Box 2663. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 27 rooms; all
light and sunny; fine location; rent $110.
Box 1412, Call office. ¦ ' ¦ -
FOR sple or exchange for real estate — 20 rooms,
rent $40; with lease. $500. 547 Howard gt.
WASHINGTON, 2 — 13-room house furnished
- complete: good business. ¦
GOOD paying lodRing-houee 32 rooms, for
tale: low rent. Box '3531. Call office. ¦¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; new;
14S Clipper St.; $25. Apply Manhattan Hotel,
room 30.
MODERN sunny cottage. 5 roms. bath and
washroom: cheap. Apply 1450 Seventh ave.
South, near Railroad ave.
$22 CO---S ROOMS and bath; rurnlshed or un-
furnished. 137 Julian ave.. off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
COTTAGES— STTBTPBBAIT.
FOR summer outing— Fine new cottage; fur-
nished;. woods; mountains; fine trout stream*
$20 per month. Box 32W, Call offlc* .-'•,
EMPLOYMENT WAJtTED— FEMAtKL
YOUNG German lady wishes position In fine
family to do light housework or to take care
of one or two children; cannot speak Eng-
lish; no high wages but home preferred.
Box 3273. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position la store: will
make herself generally useful; understands
bookkeeping and cashier thoroughly. Box
3253. Call office.
WOMAN, good cook, wants situation Or will
do laundry work and help In kitchen; hotel
preferred. 8 Gough gt.
COMPETENT, reliable woman wishes position
as 8?amstre-*s; thoroughly experienced; best
of references. Box 3271, Call.
, MIDDLE-aged German woman wishes position
In German family; housework and cocking.
3153 Seventeenth st.
A STRONG woman, has a child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason St.; phone
Black 2300.
REFINED woman wants work as waitress.
Box 1154. Call office.
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men;
country. 324 Mason st. ; phone Black 239)3.
"WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, a po-
sition as nurse. 275 Sixth avenue.
A GOOD cook wishes eituatton for downstairs
work; city or country. 2207% Pine st.
YOUNG German 'woman wants work by the»
day; $1 25. Call at 523% Grove st.
A COMPETENT", middle-aged German woman
wishes position as working housekeeper; take
full charge; very fond of children; last place
7 years; wages $25 up. Address box 3117,Call.
REFINED and capable woman of good edu-
cation wishes position as mother's helper or
working housekeeper; good sewer; references.
Box B. 300 Hayes st.
HOUSEWORK by neat, refined, elderly Ameri-
can woman; good cook; fond of children; ca-
pable entire work of small family; references;
wagea $12 to $15. 232 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist In light
housework: no children. Call 119 Russ St..
near Howard, between Sixth and Seventh.
A GOOD responsible housekeeper with child
5 months old wishes situation; country pre-
ferred. 058 Stockton st. .
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes
housekeeper's position or cooking. MRS. F.
B.. 1040% Mission st.
A YOUNG, nice Japanese girl wishes situation
to do general housework In the city. Ad-
dress SHIGEMOTO. 414 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE girl wishes a place to work. 1241
Bush st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1U0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. nj. '¦-'^•-.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
. EMPLOYMENT \VA.\TED MALH.
A YOUNG man cf good habits wishes position
In wholesale house at reasonable wages;
willing to commence at anything. For par-
ticulars in regard to references, last employ-
ment, etc.. address N. H. ANDERSON. 3471
* Seventeenth St., city.
A NEAT and attentive young man deslrea po-
sition as valet; has traveled extensively with
Invalid gentleman; does not smoke or use
liquors; wages reasonable; can secure Al ref-
erences. OSCAK A. GORDELL, Golden
West Hotel.
A HIGH-CLASS specialty salesman In food
products and groceries desires to make a
connection with a thoroughly responsible
house; has a European and Oriental experi-
ence. Box 3140. Call office.
A GOOD cook wants a situation in family:
city or country*, references. JAP.O, 1343
Larkin St.; phone Polk 2340.
NURSE (main) desires case; graduate training-
school; well used mental cases; first-class
references. I. R.. »33 Ellis at. /
CARD writing done very cheap. 374 Hayes st.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrlter. wants work:
,. tools fur. 1272 Folsom »U; phons Mint 131.
[Sf*fej?"«j£S"K!8EaMBi"*"Bs2y5S» i - - .-JsSiSBft
A GEMS WA.MED.
AGENTS wanted to pel! our h!jrh-*jrade nur-
sery «tock: liberal commission; cash advanced
or. orders- outfit free; rsiicrience and capital
net n«.ce*tary if ycu have push ami energy;
a few choice fields still cpen; write before
aligned. Chico Nursery Co.. Chico, Cal.
AGS2CTS wanted to fell th*- mest useful artic't:
big ricney in it; a great seller: wnd for
perms- circulars. Addrews S. A. niCUMOM'.
\T2i Hairlit et.; San Krancisoo.
ATTORN' E V SAT- LAW.
G. XV HOWE, 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jf f mc 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; dlvcrces a specialty.
private, quick: no pay In advance; mining com-
panies orpacized; patents obtained; "wills, de««s,
collections; dt-tecti\es employed.
R. W. KINO. Attcrney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
j 6th floor; entrance room Oil; established l.*>
years: all cafes*, general court and office
practice; no fee in advance cr for consulta-
tion; evenings fcy appointment. Tel. Red .'J0C1.
PENSION TttyT— mTh ARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 13
yrs. practice; rel5. from many thousands ot
rcldii-rs, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast "cr whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law busin'-si; no charge unless suc-
cessful ; cpen evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce ccsts $12; no fees or'
costs in advance: all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 810 Market st.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market et. ; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
APTOaiOBH.ES. .
LOCOMOBILE. 8 horse-porer, 2 seats; good or-
der; reas. Call 473 Valencia, except Sunday.
FOR eale — CADILLAC; teats four; canopy top;
perfect condition. Box 3211. Call office.
AUTOMOBILE for sale (Dos a Dos); good run-
ning condition. Box 1411, Call office.
AN auto car, S h. p.. for eale; first-class or-
der. Box 35.6, Call office.
THOMAS tonneau car (gasoline) for eale. Box
- 2613. Call office.
FOR SALE— A Crest mobile. 1004 (gasoline).
Box 1475. Call office.
FOR SALE— A gasoline runabout. Box 1402.
Call office. .
KNOX automobile for sale; good running or-
der. Box 2600. Call office. ,
BOOKS.
DALY & CCRRAN. second-hand booksellers.
removed from 206 Powell st.. to S57 Geary «t.
UtMAK.S.S CHANCES.
A— $SM); CORNER saloon; rent $30: located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
sts.; a good business; owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
n. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny at.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In whole-sale district; owner bought ranch
and *acrlflcw<; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny st.
A — tlOCO; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re- I
ceiptst $25; rent $30: good business; value
in sight; patronized by best clasa of people.
See It. G. WILKE. 'M\j Kearny ft.
A— $1000; SALOON in the Potrero, with 6
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
good buslners; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $5O; place doing a fine ' business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 2ti»$ Kearny.
A— $4500; SALOON, located in Watsonvllle;
rent $47 50; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26fc
Kearny tt.
A — $2500: LEADING hotel in the best business
town 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R G.
WILKE. 2UVi Kearny st.
A— $5000; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $U0; 5 years' lease; value in
sight; cne of the best offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi
Kearny 6t-
A— $C50; SALOON, with 8 rooms, in West
Berkeley; rent $20; location first-class; full
value in eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2200; PARTNER wanted In one of the
best paying corner saloons in this city;
daily receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 2<3*4 Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large etock; lease: net rent $35; location
first-class and a fine paying business; will
Hand fullest Investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Ftock ten sts.; rent S150: lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc. ; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.-
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lease: rent $75; net rent $25: fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest etock of wines.
liquors, etc. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $450; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall:
B-year lease: splendid business opening. Be*
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner See R a.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room* 37 beda*
good furniture; lease; place paying well, oee
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
$350 WILL secure a .lifelong position and In-
come of $30 guaranteed; experience unneces-
,aary, but party must furnish references:
present income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007 »i
Market «t.. room 1.
$1050--CANDY and icecream store; more than
$10^0 stock; also factory; fine location; $15
dally receipts. Inquire 1007% Market St., r. 1.
$750— BRANCH baleen-, delicacy, candy~and
notion store; 4 nice living rooms and yard*
receipts $10d.:fine cash trade. 1007% Market.
$2200— COUNTRY hotel; great summer resort;
? * IZS?* 1 *? 1 trade; large dining-room seat-
Ing plenty dishes and tableware- rent
water and electric lights $25; a rare chance'
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1003% Market st.
$300— BEST paying delicatessen store in liveli-
est part of city; daily receipts $40; will stay
tea SlL buElncEs: val ue In sight. MER-
CHANTS- AGENCY. 1008% Market St.
$375— RESTAURANT and cafe seating 45;
plenty tableware. French range. 2 gas stoves
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1<X!8% Market Vl
l^"l<:J^Z? e f it * Uran . t u and branch bakeries.
$»w0-*S0OO— fcalcon with leases; good barealn
ncatGIisen: stand «°^tlgatlon. *
{boc-5oW)0— Grocery & bar**: stand investigation
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st
WELL-PAYING old established "art" and~curio
store, centrally located, beautifully equipped*
will excharge for country property; must
«ell at once, account severe sickness; no
reasonable offer refused; Investigate this
Addi-ens Bex 3255 Call crflce.
$23O<>— PARTNER; must be respectable and
eober; eood business; wholesale butter, eggs
and cheese route; sales $150 a day; give ref-
erence and what you have been doinp; will
give trial. Address box 3204. Call office.
SMALL rooming-house and restaurant, seats 52
people, located In the factory district; must
sell quickly on account of sickness. Box 3133
Call office.
A PHYSICIAN going to Europe. $3000 monthly
practice. $10,000 invested in equipments, will |
take $"^j00. balance long time. Inquire room I
2. Hotel Francisco. Taylor and Turk eta.
$450— GOOD paying saloon in large town near
the city; reason for selling, going to Europe.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$1000— ROAD1IOUSE: strictly modern; fine fur-
nlture; electric lights; hot and cold water*
best location for trade. 1015. Market, r»om 4.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen; fine location- will
sell at great eacrifice. See owner, 40S
O Farrell st.
$200— PASTRIES, notions & confectioner}' laun-
dry agency; 3 furn. rms. Jn basement: elec-
trlclty; large ftock; fine trade. 525 Taylor.
sale— A large bakery Jn country: clears
*«H> a month; must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137, Call.
$1450— HOTEL and bar; best 'town In Cal.; 22
rooms; dining-room; ::2 steady boarders; nosi-
tively clears $150 monthly. COAST. G Turk st.
AN «£ Xcen '. nt bu * lncss opportunity for man
with small capital. Address Box 3251, Call.
¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Con^munications to
JOHX McXAUGHT Manager
\V. J. SIAKT1X Business* Manager
TELEPHONE.
>?k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Ycu With the Department You Wish.
IN!b!ic«ticn Office Market and Third. S. V.
*:.".. torlal Kcc-t-9 217 to 221 Stevenson tt,
D-OKRt by Cfcrriers. 20 Cts. Per Wfek, 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Term* by Mai! Including Postage (Cash With
OrUer) : '
DAILY CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 year...$?.«>
}>AII.Y CALL <lnc!ud. Sunday). 6 raos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month M
etTSTiXY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. I Y«*r l-«*
P-nor-T-v ir.aily...$S.SO Per Year Kxtra
£2 R -?f5r } Sunday. 4.1S Per Year Extra
r-UfeiA'jE. (Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cemple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quected. ¦ i r .
Mall robtcribers In "ordering change of ad-
<!¦¦*•» should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt aad correct compliance with taelr re-
Cuect.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 8road<Jrey Telephone Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
K4S Center Street Telephone Norta 7T
¦WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
fr.!on Square: Murray Hill Hctel; Flftn-«vs-
sue Hotel ted Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrr.an House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tretccnt House; Auditorium
Hctei; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marqu«tte Building
<Lcng Distance Telephone. "Central 201D-")
NEW TOrtK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAB.LTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Esn Francisco Call,
Corner Market and Third etreets: open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Msrket street, oppo&ite Fifth: open until
II p. m.
t27 Mcntg-omery etreet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
SCO Htyfs street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CW McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street, open until 9:30 p. m.
VM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22UI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until
» p. m.
Jfw EWer-th ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
lCSli Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Kort beast corntr Church and Duncan streets;
cj-en until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky inreets; open until 9 p. m.
S200 Fllimore street; open until S p. m.
CHl'BCU J»EIt WCBS.
FiriST United Presbyterian^"hurch, corner
Golden Oate ave. and Polk i^-Preaching to-
morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
by tiie rastor. H. H. Bell, D.n. Morning
th«-me. *-The Good Fleht." Evening theme.
"The Fool' is Creed." Sabbath school. 9:45
a. m. C. E. Societies at B*30 and 6:30 p. m.
s-tranger-i cordially Invited to all services.
Pews free. Courteous ushers.' Come and
bring your friends.
MEETI.VG XOTICES. ~~
SPECIAL meetlnc of Yerba Buena .mj»
Ledge of Perfection No. I in Chap- fT
ter Hall. Masonic Temple, 6 Post #\
«.. THIS -SATURDAY) AFTER- -ffiL
NOON, at 1 o'clock, eharp. for the >=*?
purjx.se cf participating with the California
Scottish Rite bodies in laying the corner-
etone of their new cathedral — Albert Pike
Memorial Temple — by the Most Worshipful
tJrand Lodge of California. Eighteenth and
thirtieth degTee members and thirty-eeconds
having no uniforms are requested to Join
with the Lodge of Perfection. Visiting
brethren cordially invited to Join with us
<m this occasicn. By order of the Venerable
Matter. HENRY BURNER, S3, Secretary.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery . »»^
No. 16, K. T. C2T, fitter ft —Social TSJp
assembly THIS EVENING at 7 S3
o'clock. Order of Red Crot«. All fra.- yf
ters are courteously invited. By or- ¦ ; -
der of the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. T, »
Royal Arch Masons, trill meet at VV
Franklin Hall, Flllmore t-treet. THIS
(SATURDAT) AFTERNOON at 1 :30
o'clock eharp to participate in the ceremony
«^ laying the cornerstone of the Albert Pike
Memorial Temple under the auspices of th«
M. W. Grand Lodge of California.
H. O- PRINCE. Secretary-
CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No^ »
10, A. and A. S. R. — The corner-stone "V^r*
cf our new cathedral will be laid TO- /^^
DAY < SATURDAY) at 2:30 o'clock ".-.•,.
P. m. Officers and members are requested to
Mssemblc at Golden Gate Hall at 1 o'clock
p. m. to act as escort to the Grand Lodge of
Califcrnia. By order of the Venerable
Matter. CHAS. JELLINEK. Sec
EXCELSIOR LojJre No. 16<J. F. & A <•
M. — Officers and members are respect- -*A#
fully requested to apsemble at the A^
Temple on SATURDAY, JULY 9 at
1:3U o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother ARCHIBALD LINDSAY late
a member of St. Mirrin Lodjre No 129
Paisley. Scotland, runeral committees cf
&JK58S&2 plea!e take notlce -
; H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
EXCKL61OR Degree Lod c « No „___ —
2. I. O. O F.— Regular m»<--lr« -s*-*&S-rJt*-
TT?1= <CATT*nDAT) EVENING =^3*2^S§
Third degree. *^£ra/e^
\ WM. B. CtTRTia. P. M.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary. New York. June 15 19<>4. Notice
to etockholders.
To the EujckhcMers of Southern Pacific
Company :
Notice, is hereby given that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
et a meeting thl« day held called a epetial
meeting cf the stockholders cf said company
to convene et the office of the company in
Efeedraot Jeffertcn County. Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July 13^
ct 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time, to consider
• nd act upon resolutions to be brought befor*
them at t&id meeting In Bubsta ntlally the rorm
ana to the effect following, viz-
"Resolved <1). that the capital stock of the
Southern Pacinc Company be Increased on"
hundred m-llion dollars by Issuing one million
sheK^f^e^^r £« ¦STfcXr^
t-ULh preferred stock Ehali be entitled to divi-
dends in each fiscal year at such rate not ex-
ceeding eeven per cent per annum.' payable
f*mi-asn-jally out of the net profits, as Yha*l
be declared fcy the board cf directo-s b^fr.
cay filvidend shall be declared on the common
etock; that «uch dividends shall be non-cu-nu
Ixtive; that the hcldcrs of such preferred "£ck
shall not by virtue thereof be entitled to T an v
other or further share of the proflts cf thi
company; that, upon the dlssoluticn cf the
oempany. voluntarily or otherwise, the holder. 1
of preferred Etock -shall be enUUed to have
their Ehtre* redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the assets of the com-
pany aliall be made to the holders of the com-
tnon stock; that eald preferred etock shall be
Issued nnd soid from time to time to such
• mount* and id such manner as the board cf
directors may authorize and determine, but
-•t not lees than the par value of the shares*
that it fhai! be convertible Into common etoek
share for thare, at the option of the holders
•t any time; and .hall be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any time aft*r
the first day of July. 1305. and before the fl™T
•lay of July. 1910 at cne hundred and I f!ffe«
dollars per share." ea
"Resolved (3). that the board o* director.
•ball be and they are hereby authorized to e-
tablish. frpm time to time, end enforce ill
such rule* and regulations respecting the is
eac. eale. redemption and conversion of m'h
¦took not inccr.sSMent herewith, aa Jn the
i^de^ent #< of the board may be necessary <£ I
For the purpose of suca special meeting the
ctock transfer books of the company wi'l vl
closed July 14. 1904. at 3 o'clock p m and
reopened Thursday,. July 21. 1904. at 10 o : clock
a. xn.
• ALEX. MILLAR. Secretary and Clerk.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
dety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mal* will be held in the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July IS, U'C4. at 4 o'clock p. m.
*'hen a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly .
Call. T« -»a»r<?f<. b ent to 8ny address in the
T.nlted Ftatcs or Canada, one year for SI. •
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A. Dl Nola's Astama Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; 10c. 25c. 80c, 1602 Market, St. NicboUa.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-wrltincr. heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; Ul. Church SMS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life- reader. 1200 Market St.. Oalt House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1. '
VAUL. DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
. I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry.' In fact. I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, -speculation; I implant the
controlling: power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your- loved one, and causa
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 328 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
.sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L... 50c; C, $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A— Miss M. ¦Wllle. 830~EuisrclaTrvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a que-i-
tlon; names given; special. SI: hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian -*eeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. O.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
«*r; toa leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of the
age. 1207 Market St., room 11.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, glveS* names, dates
and facts: readings dally. 917 Market st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally.. 444^ Jesele st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. . .
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
Id pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET^ IIKATIKG AXPCLBAIVIiVG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and russ are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop;- prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market st. ; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
f end j r r or SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel.'South 40..
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard., Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. "1S0O Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Workal
333 Golden Gate ave. . Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BRO3. : excellent carpet beating; maU
tresses made over. 1432 Howard-itel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Paclflo Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 8-10; tel Main B580. ' - ,
v .-¦•-*-• ¦¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1004.
13
HELP WAITTJED — SALESMEN. •
SALESMEN wanted— Agents, dealers and
storekeepers, .start in business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure ar.d you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready
made goods: you can control entire local
trade with our line; fall line 350 up-to-date
styles of woolens, fashion displays, etc.. now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory: experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
A. Washington boulvd. and Union. Chicago.
HORSES A.MJ WAGONS.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horees, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Fclsom Et.
FIXE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
DARK bay mare; works double, single and
_jraddle; fine driver. 2160 Geary st. ; $70.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggiee. sur-
reys. cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave. .
WANTED— A business buggy. Box 1418, Call
office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
neeg. work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
CAMfpnrq wagons.
2-STORY camping wagon: thoroughly adapted
to the purpose; attached side tent: sleeping
apartment upstairs; complete In detail. J.
P. SMITH. 25 Eddy st.
HOLSKS TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TURK, 733— House to let; 7 rooms and bath;
convenient for two families.
HOUSES Ft'HMSUEO FOU SALE.
FOR aale — In Berkeley, furniture of~nicely fur-
nished cottage of 6 rooms; everything com-
plete, ready to move In; near Key Route and
j local train; 1 block from Shattuck ave.; price
• $350. Address F. A., Berkeley Postofflce.
FOR sale — Furniture of 5-room cottage; every-
thing new; bargain. Call between 9:30 a. m
and 6 p. m. at 140 Tremont ave. '
HOUSES WASTED.
HOUSE suitable for boarders; 20 rooms; good
location. Box 3142. Call office.
INVESTMENTS.
A— 6 PEP. CENT GUARANTEED
Or 6 per cent and Participation in Proflta.
Invested Only In first mortgages.
SAN FRANCISCO A_N T D SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY,
706 Market et., S. F., Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Magulre, ex-U.S. Congressm'n
Hon. Edw. K. Taylor, ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co.
• Allen M. Clay. Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard. General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice In this Issue.
INVAI.rp CHAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST AN' LI KOUSO.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores. 311 Sutter ar.d 1204
Sutler. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST— Near JOE ROSENBERG'S STORE, an
umbrella txHnnpinK to a Rentif-man with a
bent rib and a bone handle; liberal reward.
J. R.EY. 11 O'Farrell st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of Jl'STINA LJNDLOF. No. 230-
2S0. Finder will please return to bank.
LOST— At Shell Mound. July~t. gentleman's
gold watch, movement number 10537709 Re-
- turn to WALTER CUSHING, Emeryville
stock yards, and receive reward. $10.
LOST— A pass took with the Hlbernia Savings
and LoanSotlety of "San Francisrrt-in the
name of Helen Johnson, No. 1S8-144S. The
finder will plea** return to bank.
LOST— Pug dog; "Frank": $10 reward no
questions asked. DR. WOOLSEY, Hotel
Metropqle, Oakland.
LOST— Gold lreart and chain; reward. 037
York st.
LOST— A liver and white pointer: right ear
with small slit. Liberal reward. 400 Valencia.
LOST— Clipped silver terrier named~~Rats;
license No. 843. 952 Treat ave.J reward.
FOUND — Small black and white dog breed
unknown; well trained. Box 3215. Call office.
LOST— Hand bag: Market-st. car. near ferry;
reward for return. J. B. L.. Bohemian Club.
LAUNCHES FOB KISS.
C. A. McNEILlHa.UNCH~Co!. foot oTcTay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaelis Launch' Co.,Union-«t Wharf; boa£
ing &. excursions. B Steuart st.; tel. John 2C86.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard et; phone South 216.
MEDICAL. ~
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures- no ex-
orbitant, fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
702 Market st.. rooms 7 And 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and, irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. S2>5 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008^ Market st., opp. 5th.
MRS DR NATHAN^ the'~s}reat~ladies r 7pZ
eta list, just arrived from the East; guaran-
tees cure or no pay; takes ladles before and
during confinement, with best medical care-
confinement $15; room and board $5 week'
Infants adopted. 2068 Market, opp. Valencia.'
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated -
advice free. Office 1016 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex •
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny s't."
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never falls'
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HlNDOO^HERBs"
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANK O US FOU SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McINU
TCSH &. WOLPMAN. 185-197 Frcmo'nt st.
DOES YOUR ROOV LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
lron -_i* n or «hlngles; beit for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market «t
FOR sale cheap— Gentleman's 18-k. open-
fac«? $175 Patek, 1 Philippe & c Geneva i
watch, or will txehange for a dUmond 12
to 4 days, 0 to 12 nights (cigar store) 7
Market st.. JOHN H. COOPER.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumpa
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought sold
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A — FINE cults. $7 5l>; dress pants. $2 50 Orig-
inal Mlsflt Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
MINERALS, coins and curios In fine showcase;
books on assaying and mineralogy; assay out-
fit cheap. 3646 Sixteenth St., near Market.
CHEAP— Second-hand H. & B. transit and
level combined; high power telescope; also
second-hand Y level. Jos. C. Sala. 429 Mntgy.
THOROUGHBRED Jersey cow; young and gen-
tle; very rich milk: price $75; worth $125; a
beauty. 1012 Grand st., Alameda.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Stockton st. • ,- ...
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale, on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton- st.
ELASTIC ttocklpga. $2. Factory 40 Ellis st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. Cl McAllister at.
IUZI-1* WASTED FEM.VI.K.
rrTjfTED- *'»ok. small resort Santa Crus
>•' ¦.-'"•! r.f lor 1" boarders; $'£j; also second
•rirl tarmme ¦*•«*. *-'•: •*• cuoks for private
UraMe*. na ruUas. l» and $W; 8 girls
f«r cockta* *r.d plain washing and general
huu«ww"rk *¦•¦''¦ ' (>ok - I{O!: ' > Valley, no wa*h-
'nr f : " 14 pirls in vcry r ' ;o<? Amtfri ™ n fam—
Ita4 gefitrai housework. $23; second girl,
kj5-"g mr.n i.irk. Menio Park. JiW: ccok for
'. I./>s Gales. *.»; eenera! bouse-
wrrk ¦ a farm, G:!roy. $:;<J — Hedwood City,
ci,t Burse. ~ chi'.'iron. $23; restaurant walt-
,,.J V jvr week; waitress, private board-
fJG; c-rl. Koaerel housework, Palo
AUp *-*; £&zl j0Ef> German
¦ ~ aatstrexs. *i<: German diam-
l^.-TH.i un.l M-aYnstross. *25: <!ianibermaid
gel latmflres*, prints family. $25; waitresses.
country hotel BS. »nd many others. Apply
u J. r. CKOSETT i- OO.. jJ3t J5utter_et.
& tlLVMBEKM-AlD :or Lake Tahoe. $23, must
trail . ¦ ¦. :. ( toon v.altresses for Taho*
Tavern. *-'¦ each; cal! oarly to-day. MISS
rjXXKKTT. *23 Batter. at., near l'cwcll.
A MATXBE sttsotrrapher wanted; applicant
must be experienced In taking dictation and
in ppeed: saltry $10. with suitable increase
aftrr or.e yzr if rroving satisfactory; hours,
frcm 6:30 to 12 and 1 to 6:30; please give
full particulars about previous experience and
? ¦ .-/¦ age.
Agrees A. SCHILLING & CO..
Fo'.som and Second elm,
A — WANTED — Girls to l»arn halrtfresislng,
mar.li-urlr.r. »tc. : trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
• 3 poeiikms to fill Immediately; positions
f-uarar.twd at $10 per week up; leading
«ch.yl in Wrst. 233 Geary at., room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn tni'.lir.ery now for fall sea-
#cr. : both seasons taught from st:ft to finish
in 1 month for $lf>; position as trimmers,
n^'.EUies. etc.. ruar&cteed at $10 per wk.up;
«*ay asd evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. IS.
I!a:rires*lnr. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
i::^r.t. hair work, removal superfluous »ji!r; $3 2
wk*. ; <lay, eve. c'.att; positions secured, highest
wufft iie moved Ircxn 123C Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WOVEN ar.d slris to irork on fruit; dean,
healthy place: highest wages. Code-Porter
Canning Co.. Bryant and Tenth.
WOMEN and girls for CANNING and CUT-
TING fruit. California Canneries Co.. 423
fcranr.an et. r
WANTED— Young lady with knowledge of
sewing and occasional care of children to act
as lady's companion; rood salary. Apply
*»et. 10 and 12 to-dj)y at 80 Carl St.. nr. Cole.
LADIES wanted to learn the barber trade-Tnly
fight weeks required: catalogue free; posi-
tions secured when competent. Moler Sys-
tem at ColU-ges. C35 Clay st.
WANTED — Exjx-ritnced salesladies fcr fancy
porid» and notion department. Call at
6TRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107-109 Post «t.
WOMAN over 27 for position of trust; one hav-
ing business training preferred. Address
Advamyn-.er.t, box Z2C2. Call office.
YOl/NG laSy typewriter: Smith-Premier; tem-
pcrary. 1213 Call bldg.. 10 a. m.
YOUNG lady fcr light office work: email
wages; references. Call 473 Valencia St.
WANTED— For Menio Park, good cook. Ger-
rraa cr Scandinavian; ro washing; very little
housework. Partlc. call Frl.. 2C21 Devtsadero.
WANTED — Lady who understands tnujlc;
salary $'»00 per year: first-class references
required; university society. Box 1433, Call.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops in August.
Write E <"lf!r-.ery Horst. 122 Battery st.S.F.
11LLI- VV A.% Tt: U IIALK^
A— PACIFIC EMPIX)YMENT~AGENCT,
F. M. GUNN. «iS Commercial st.
Phone liain 111*1 — 5 doors from Kearny.
FACTORY WORK.
10 UJsorers. n*ar city. $a5 tr> «5 and found.
P«r twite a month and board in hotel, no
biznkets; c*:i early on this.
•NEVADA.
Teamsters. $2 bO; laborers, $2 60; concrete
ttlxtiB. $2 5*.«; drillers. $3i>. see boss here.
FLORENCE, ARIZONA.
- £hip daily; big wages; $10 5o fare.
WOODCHOPPERS.
Large mining co.. south, 4-toot wood. $1 50
cord, asd you s<.-e boes here, tools and pro-
visions advanced.
NORTH.
Lumber pliers. $2 50 day; carpenter. $3 00
<ia> , bellboy, (15 and found; potwather. $20
ar.d found; cock for factory-. $40; cook, small
hotel. $50 and found.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
tH2 Commercial St., near Keamy.
Phone Bush $42. JOHN L.DRECHSLER.
8'rtlun boss, logging. R. R.. $50 found:
trackman, lumber R. R.. $50 found; part
free fare. 20 laborers In mountains. new
work. 12 2T» and $2 50 day; 10 laborers, pipe
and telephone line. $45 found; we ship to
Nevada and Arizona to-day; cheap fare,
$2 M to $3 5O; X carpenters, north; 4 car-
penters. $m> found: 20 farmers and milkers;
2 men, carry banners.
FOLICITOR for win* house. $1 day and com-
mission: redwood barker: circular sawyer,
$1<«» and found: 3 carpenters. $4 day: shirt
polifher. $2 SO day; screw turner. $50 and
board; farmer and wife. $50 and found: as-
sistant gar<iPr.T, $25 *nd found; farmer:
board ing -house cook. f*5; ranch cook, $35
and found: waiters. $2» and $30: porter for
r**ort. $20 and found; waiter and wife. $50;
two restaurant cooks. $75. J. F. CROSETT
4 CO., €2S Sacramento et.
A^-OONTRACTOBS. Emp. Agency. 635 Wash-
ington Ft.. James 3301 — Laborers.. Govern-
ment Job, near city. 25c per hour, free fans;
« boys for factory work near city. $1 SO day;
carpenter, city. $3 5O day; 6-horse team-
ster on road. $50 month: cook, near city. $50
month; milker, near city. $35 found; boy
learn. $1 day etart: porter, city restaurant,
¦ f25 board : Nevada laborers. 25c hour: team-
rters. 2V-»c hour. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents, 85 Third st.
Teamsters, city. $1 50 and board.
Ftablrman. city. $60.
Young active carpenter, city. f3.
Ptockman. Solano County. $.t0 and found.
Men for pipe line, south. $2 25.
Woodr-hoprTs. s<mth. $1 T«o cord, oak.
Florence. Ariz., fio 50. long Job.
Laborers and teamsters. f2.
H.ED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
€02 Clay et. : phone Jam** 2478.
V* laborers in mountains. $2 25 day.
2 ripcaw men. bcx factory, $2 70 day.
2 rff>w men. bcx factory. $3 day.
NEVADA — Government Work — Nevada.
Teamsters, drillers, muckers, laborers, $2 to
12 SO day.
• A—HOTEL GAZETTE. 2C Montgomery, r. 12.
<~ook. $40: head gardener. $40 and found.
AN «xp*r1eoo«»d. sober, industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department in a store
t--.---.p-. '."i r.ot far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
year* of are. Address box 1&P2. Call office.
IJ^KKEEPER wanted in city office of a
n f w manufacturing company: state age, pre-
vious experience and salary expected, which
ir.ust be moderate: refs. Box lSOfl. Call.
"WANTED — Experienced silk salesman. Apply
fcy letter, stating full particulars, experience
reference, etc.. box 6278, Call.
— 1 or 2 men to learn agood trade:
ftrady work: no night or Sunday work: $25
futurity needed. Apply 310% Folsom,upstalrs
WANTED — 2 platten pressfeeders en Univer-
sal cmbossir.r presses. Mutual L. & L. Co.,
embossing dept.. Bryant-st. entrance.
WANTED everywhere— Hustlen to tack signs,
distribute circuiars. sample*, etc; n» eanvats-
¦ rg:good pay Pun Advertising Bureau, Chicago
EXPERIENCED clothing salesman wanted.
S. N. WOOD A co.. 74Q Market st.
WANTED — narl>er f<?r Saturday afternoon and
• Sunday. 237 V, Fifth rt.
"BARBER wanted Fsturdsy and Sunday. 2!H
Seventh rt. ; 10c s.bop.
CAREER for Saturday and Sunday 1257 Du-
t*»nt et. t
TiAnr.KTi wanted fcr Saturday! 3147 Twenty-
fourth *t. .
HARDER wanted Saturday and Sunday 303
San Pabl» ave, Oakland.
WANTED— Two first-claw berbere at Plata
ba rbrr thr >;>. Oakland.
FOU aale — 2-chalr barber shop with 2 fur-
nifched rooms; cheap. ZiSZ Dolores ft.
WANTED — Dishwasher. Apply 1400 Valencia
ttrect. ;:«¦_„
A WIDE-AWAKE man; Important position;
must be free to travel Cox 3270, Call.
STRONG boy to learn carriage blaclremlthlng;
__ gt«t<* wcg^j. c xrwytfd Dox 1702. Call of flee.
A TOUNO man to »»*rn the barber tradeT'a
fine chance. Hos 325S Call office.
WANTEI>— FiiFt-cIam flicker tuind; a !*«> caW-
"*t stock cutler. SU3 Folecm. Wm. Cauman.
RE.U. ESTATES—CITY-— FOR 8A1.C.
tIhOMAS nMAGEE~«r SONs!
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS. PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
VAN NESS AVE. AND OTHER HIGH-CLASS
RESIDENCES.
Magnificent and large corner residence In
town on a fifty- vara lot.
Broadway corner; an especially large and
sunny house, with fine marine view; com-
paratively In town.
Washlngton-st corner; magnificent residence,
with fine sized lot. Locality very fine and
very convenient to town.
Fine residence on corner In Presidio Heights;
12 .rooms and 2 baths; unobstructed view.
Choice residence corner with large and finely
arranged home; sun In all rooms; a fine home.
Broadway, elegant new 2-story, attic and
basement residence; fine view.
Washington st.. in the Presidio Heights: 40-
foot , front, with larse fine residence; only
$1C.OOO.
$15,000— Scott, st., new house Just finished; !
offered cheap . including- furniture, carpets, j
draperies, curtains, etc. ; 9 fine sunny rooms
and bath . and basement, with Chinaman's
room; hardwood floors, heater, electricity, all
the latest and modern conveniences; an ex-
tended marine view.
$15,000— New residence, close to Van Ness
ar.d Vallejo; oak floors in reception hall, din-
ing-room and stairs; fine large living and
dining rooms, 4 bedrooms, extra fine bath-
room, servants' rooms, laundry; a very sub-
stantial house with a well arranged interior.
Vallejo st., $13,000— Fine, new and artistic
English basement residence of 8 rooms and
buth: 2 stories, basement and attic; very finely
tlrlshed; view of bay; electric cars close by.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
. 5 MONTGOMERY 8T.
REAL, estate for sale by C. S. CAPP & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
Pine. bet. Mason and Taylor; lot nearly 30
feet front; old improvements In good order and
permanent tenants; a bargain; should be Im-
proved.
California and Pierce; a corner lot with six
good houses; well rented: permanent tenants.
Golden Gate ave., b«t. Pierce and Scott; lot
25x137:6; house of 10 rooms in flats.
Corbett road, near Ashbury; lot 25x100. with
a good pair of fiats; 4 and 3 rooms and bath;
rents $24; a bargain. i
McAllister, bet. Pierce and Scott: lot 25x
137:6; anything built there will rent; first-
rate neighborhood: cheapest lot In the vicmity.
Sanchez, bet. 17th and 18th. west side; lot
50x100; wide street; street work done; for sale
at a bareain.
Florida, bet. 25th and 26th; lot 40x100; for
sale at a bargain.
Broadway and Polk, NE. cor.*, lot 61:3x
101:6; Improvements rented low to permanent
tenants.
Post. bet. Octavla and Laguna; lot 25:10x
90; fine lot for flats.
Berkeley — New home of 11 rooms and bath;
adjoining university grounds.
50 acres in heart of Mill Valley; finest site
for a hotel; level land, with timber: handy to
railroad: in full view of Mount Tamalpals.
50x100— NORTHWEST corner Folsom and ISth
sts, with new house 3 months old; 6 fine large
rooms; upstairs bath and toilet; all latest Im-
provements; fine large basement.
2 nice flats fronting on ISth St.; always
rented: adjoining lot goes with It; 23x100;
gas. electricity and water connected.
Corner, saloon doing good buelness: good
stock liquors; from 1 to 3 years' Insurance
and license go with it: good reasons given
for selling; perfect title: city title also.
$1 25 PER week; no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level;, no grad-
lns to do; ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. room 8.
BUILDINO CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaffhan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$11.500 — THREE new modern 6-roozn flats;
rent $1260 per annum; Frederick st., bet.
Ashbury ar.d Clayton. Apply J. H. KRUSE.
Twenty-third and Shotwell sts.
PARTIES having cottages not more than $30^0
desiring to dispose same address box 3135,
Call office; no agents.
COLONIAL houses containing 2 flats of 6
rooms, bath each; close to park; $6540; easy
payments. B st. and Fourth ave.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
FOR SALE — ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
terms to suit purchasers: large lots on Fred-
erick. ' west of Wlllard. Sam Glass, builder,
'on premises.
I'OIXT RICHMOND HBAL ESTATB.
FOUR choice lots for sale: cheap for cash.
Apply 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
HEAI. KSTATK — Country— For «¦!*.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 644
Market it.
FOR sale — A 9-room residence In Redwood
City: mod. Imp. C CUSSEN. Redwood City.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unincumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian River sectlcr; Berkeley property con-
sists of 0-room residence, lot 45x134, with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; in desirable residence section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. - Ad-
drees box 4927, Call office.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To buy 10 acres near Petaluma.
Full particulars to Wm. Krbltzsch. Petaluma.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S ? M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 25x100: 1 block from railroad $200
Lot 40x135; mac.; within % block $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
Buy where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY. 1056 University are..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
J3000— GOOD ' 2-story house. 9 rooms; modern
conveniences: lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; $750 cash, balance $25 per month, ln-
. eluding principal and Interest at 8 per cent:
one block and a half from car; 5 minutes'
walk from station; situated at 2230 Ward
St.. near college and schools. '¦.-..:¦¦
MORAN 4: SWAIN. - •"-.';*
2131 Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley station.' *
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
rBUITYALI! rPEHISHED HOT7SXS
j TO rent for 3 months^ — Furnished cottage, 4
. rooms and bath, piano and telephone; located
half block from car line; rent $25. Apply
W. E. RUDELL. corner Frultvale ave. and
Washington St.. one block from station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAT. ESTATB.
$2SE0^ — NO agents: no commission: big bar-
gain: buy direct from owner; must be sold: I
mean business; cash or easy payments; cen-
trally located on West St.. near Nineteenth-
first-class 2-story house and lot: 7 rooms, al-
cove, bath, attic and cement basement-
reived low at $20 75 per month. Inoulre at
¦ 1211 Adfllne St.. Oakland.
! OAKL.VND PUnXISHED HOUSES.
WALSWORTH ave. 410 — $.15: modern, new.
rare chance. . Apply at house.
OAKI < ANp^-_FUnxiT'i;'RB~FOR 9ALK.
TO-MORROW t ibe da77o7 > bIr^r7n*^urnlT
ture. Ii.bchellbaaa.il th »t.,cor.store.OaklaaJ.
* *
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 1510— Sunny front' furnished
housekeeping rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen: connecting: reas. ;no chdn.
CAPP, 1090^ — Two furnished rooms^ suitable
for housekeeping.
EDDY, 506 — Large back parlor: running water;
furnished for housekeeping.
FOL6OM, 937 — Three sunny connecting rocxn»
for housekeeping; large yard.
HAIGHT, 222 — 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms for couple; phone; reference. Call
1-4. 7-9 p. m.
HAIGHT. 3^ — Large sunny front room, facing
Market st. ; prices reasonable.
HAIGHT. 322—2 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $13.
HOWARD, 547 — Housekeeping rooms; also
single, 75c per week and up.
HOWARD. 1C54 — Pleasant housekeeping rooms;
also single room* for gentlemen.
HOWARD. 1971 — Young couple will rent part
of fiat, furnished; new and modern; cheap t»
right garty: young couple preferred.
JESSIE. 333 — Large, sunny, front parlor: fur-
nlshed; gaa range; $3 5O week; other rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pln»3
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: frea baths: rates reaa.
LANGTON. 51 — Three sunny rooms for house-
keeping; no children.
LARKIN.1CO7. cor.Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop. ; rms.. single A hkpg.apartxnanta.
MCALLISTER. CSS — 2 large unfurnished rocraa
for housekeeping. $18; also 2 parlors. $20.
MISSION. 1733 — 2 connecting rooms partly
furnished for housekeeping; $10.
OAK. 117 S38 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA, 51— Regular kitchen, bedroom and
parlor;, new up-to-date flat; also partly far-
nished suite; adults; references.
POLK. 522 — Newly furnished sunny front suits
for housekeeping; $18, $20.
SHOTWELL, 121 — 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $14; no children; no ob-
jection to Infant.
SIXTH, 253 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, slog!*
or en suite.
SIXTH. SOS — Large front room: kitchen and
closet; complete for housekeeping; $3 per wk.
SOUTH PARK. 128—4 unfurnished room* for
housekeeping: no children.
THIRTEENTH. ISO. corner of Howard— 3uit»
of rooms furnished for housekeeping; $15.
VAN NESS. 43— Nicely furnished rooms fo*
housekeeping; good location; prices reaa.
VAN NESS, 304 — funny furnished rooms; thor-
oughly renovated: terms reasonable.
-'-PAJLTMEirr HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Van Ness are.—
The acme of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with prlvats
t«th». steam heat, elec. light, elev.. gas races.
ST. LOUIS. 1973 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-*
rooms: furn. or nnfura. : refs Tel. Eaat I33O.
ROOMS TO LET- — Porn, and Unfara.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S~Slxth st^Roomi
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. t
Fifth at.)— Rooms. 23c COc. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1384>— J*ur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single ; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 13C9. near Larktn — Furnished front
room for gentleman; first floor; clothes closet;
phone.
BUSH. 2024 — Sunny room; suitable for 2 gen-
tlemfti: board if required; references ex-
changed.
CLIFFORD. 204 El!!s. cor. Mason— Elegantly
tarr.!«hed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 21 — Sunny reexns, furnished or
unfurnished; references.
EI.LIS. 750. Hart Apartment3 — Fine furnished
rooms; one on ground floor business purposes.
FOLSOM. 834 — Sunny bay window rocm wltll
grate, closet, bath.
FRANKLIN. 721, near G. O. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences: for 2. $12
GEARY. 917.— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
convenient.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 23 night; $1 30 to $S wt; readlng-rm.
GOUGH. 1120, near O'Farreil — Warm, sunny
rooms; fine board; $18 and $20; gentlemen.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JESSIE. ."63, east qf U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $3. $6, $7 per month.
JONES, 919 — A comfortable sunny room; all
conveniences: gentlemen.
LARGE furnished room In basement for one
or two men. Apply or address 2636 Howard.
LARKIN, 1042— Front, sunny rooms: $7.
MARKET. 1004. third floor— To let, front and
back rooms, $2 and $1 50 a week.
MARKET. 1049A,The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable tar
one or two persons. ¦
POST. 889. near Hyde— Large furnished front
room; bath: gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 33c to $1 SO; week. $3
• to $S; menth. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SILVER. 21A — Nlc© front, sunny room.
SIXTH. 123 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
centrally located.
SIXTH. 240%— Furnished rooms, day. week or
month; location central and reasonable.
STANYAN. 810 — Sunny front and other rooms;
also housekeeping; facing G. G. Park.
STOCKTON. 41-43— Nicely furnished sunny
suite; also single rooms: $1 50. $2 50, $3
weak. . -
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH ANT>
ELUS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERT
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
; ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter, near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free: $3 to $8 per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day; electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st— Offices oa
the first floor to let; furnished rooms In suit*
or single, by the day. week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 304S — Furnished room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 40fl!
rooms. 33c to $1 night. $1 73 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read. -room: fr«e bus: baggage.
VALENCIA. 1227 — Sunny large room.
WILLOW ave.. 14. off Larkin st.. near Eddy—
2 rooms for gentlemen; large front room.
$8: small room. $6.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week: elevator;
flee, lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 13a
to $1 per night and from 90c to $3 per week.
SOOXS AJP BOAM).
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN .NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
13 READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
__— _
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEART.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. UAJfi "JER.
VAN NESS ave.. 700— Furnished rooms and
board: nice home ccoklng; reasonable.
PINE. 787 — Nicely furnished rooms; select
J nclghrorhood : home cocking: $20 up.
VALENCIA. 936— Sunny rooms; runnfnr water;
good board; couple or single.
EDDY 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Nicely fur.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new mang't.
HOWARD. 811A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $.">-$t". wk. ; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California — See rooms.learn prices, try tabla
For Births, Marriages and *)eath» Sea
Page Fourteen.
HJELP WANTED MALE Con tinned,
A— MURRAY~&TiEADYr63TS« CLAY~ST. "~
' Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian. Scan-
dinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and Dan-
ish languages.
- 1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
; <X>,oCO Men Work. Increase CO.OCO.
1 ZZZZZ
1 Ho has arrived. Now at our office.
I licprr-sentatlve of United States Government
| Work being done clcse to Wadsworth, '
in State of Nevada.
Free fare to one, to all. to you.
Concrete mixers, $75.
Call early; see representative at our office;
ftrtt-class food and accommodations; steady
Jobs.
SANTA FE R. R.
lfUO Miles. FLORENCE, $10 SO.
vi t>~ ARIZONA. i
I 1JV 1 rescott. 8 p. m. daily.
Drillers, $3 to $3 50. Center
Teamsters. $2 to $2 50. of
Laborers, $2 to $2 50. Great Mlnet.
TO LOS ANGELES.
Every day; big wages.
553 Teamsters. : .
$C0 Month for You.
Fare by Railroad— Only— $4 60.
Office Fee $1— That's All.
„ COOKS. .
3 cooks, boarding hotels. $40 and $55 found.
Tamale maker, country Job, $40 and found.
4 di*h and pot washers, $25 and $30 found.
Bedmaker. country hotel, $22 50 found.
WAITERS.
2 waiters, commercial hotel south $30 fd.
vl alters, fare $2. rame place. $45 found.
Walter, first-class city hotel $35 found.
Walter. $1 75 fare, $8 wo«k and found.
3 waiters, city hotels, S. F.. $30 found.
0 porters and bellboys.
LAUNDRY HELP.
Sleeve Ironer. country fare $1 25, $8 week.
Body ironer. country, fare $1 25. $10 week.
Polishers, lronera.
Ironer. polisher, country, fare $1 25. $15 wk.
Ironer. $12 week; mangle hand, $10 week.
M&n for second-hand furniture store, $C0 to
$100.
MECHANICAL. I
2 wool pullera. Washington State, fare paid, j
$75. • •
Carpenter and cabinet-maker, stair builder,
city $4 Oay.
ENGINEER. $2 day and found.
2 carpenters, fare 70c. factory, $3 day.
Plasterer, $5 -day.
Shingle jointer, L. Co.. Sonoma Co., $30. $35
found.
Ironmolder." fare $1. foundry, $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers $4 day country..
CARPENTERS.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 90c. $4 day
LUMBER ETC.
Oxen teamster, fare $2 50. $50 found.
Planer man and bookkeeper, lumber com-
pany.
Grader, lumber company, north. $30.
Tail edgerman, fare $3, $2 25 day.
Gang edgerman, limber company.
Spool tender, lumber company, south. $50 fd.
12 coopers, slack work, steady, 10c barrel.
1 sash and doer hands. $3 50 day.
2 lumber graders, boss here $30. /
Lumber grader, boss here. f3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company. $40 and found.
Gang edgerman, lumber company, $75.
3 men make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here. $50 found; 2 screw turners;
2 carriage setters; hook tender; 5 shingle
packers; sticker hand.
155 Woodchoppers.
155 Tie and Picket Makers.
Tools, previsions, all found: good prices.
5 hand miners, mine, southeast. $82 5O.
Boy. learn cabinet trade, city, $4 week.
Laborer, do a little butchering, mine. $32 50
and found.
Gang charcoal burners, 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $30. $35 and found.
12 farmers, $30 and found.
IS choremen, boys. $30 to $15 and found.
12 stablemen. $."40 and found $tX> $75.
LABORERS — TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and teamsters. $2 and $2 25 day.
12 laborers for mines, you'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer County,
$50 and found.
4 farmers and wives. $40. $50, $60 and found.
FOR A MINE.
Chcreman and wife. German or French, $60
and fourd.
MURRAY & READ.Y. 634-636 Clay st.
* BAN BERNARDINO COUNTY!
12 TEAMSTERS. 2 horses. $2 dar.-
Near Redlands. Highland* and Riverside.
Oranges and lemons grown year round.
Baker, shop, fare 30c. $12 week.
Solicitor, city store. $50
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GREEKS OR ITALIANS "
f»5 LABORERS for Los Angelea. $1 75 day,
board yourselves.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
2 CARPENTERS, warehouse work, fare $1,
$3 50 day.
Carpenter, house work, fare 50c. $3 50 day.
Rough painter, roof?, $2 50 day.
Crosscut sawyer, fare $1. -
TO THE SPRINGS.
2 waiters for springs hotel. $25 and found.
2 porters, first-class city hotels, $25 found.
Waiter, city. $40 found; bellboy $10 found.
LOOK.
Brick wheeler, south fare $3. $2 25 day.
2 milkers, fare $3. $40 and found.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE. LETTER AND TELEGRAPH.
2 laundrynwn. springs hotel. $90 and found.
MOLDERS' HELPERS.
% molders" helpers, little experience. $2 day.
3 shinglers. city Job. 75c M.
Shlngler. country.
Man run woodturnlng lathe, familiar with)
bench work. $3 day, fare $4.
Painter. Institution, fare 30c, $2 day found.
Painter, rough city work, call early.
, Walter, arm work, Fresno Co., $40 found.
COOKS.
Cook, ranch. 6 men. fare $1 50. $30 found.
Cook, hotel, mine town. $*0 to $45 found.
Cook's helper, quartz mine. $30 and found.
HAY BALERS.
9 hay balers. Junior Monarch press, 15c ton.
Teamster, orange grove, boss here. $45.
3 milkers, together. Colusa Co.. $40 found.
' ; MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st'
MEN and women to learn barber trade In five
weeks; new method. HAIGHT, 647 Com-
roerclal st.: paid while learning.
WAITER wanted. 613 Clay Bt.
RELIABLE man can have uteady employment:
can make $20 a week. 1118 Market, room 1.
A COOK for small boarding-house. 701 Bat-
tery st.
— — -— -
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions- secured: con-
etant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for Atalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TWO young men and two young ladies, agents
for rapid soiling article; big money. 214 Pine
et.. rocm 20, 11 to 12 o'clock.
WANTED — 250 men to try the cleanest and
most comfortable lodging-bouse in city, 10c
to 25c. "The Beat." 607 California st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
exprers or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Young man to work about two
hours a day. Address box 3240. Call office.
EXPERIENCED dross, fancy domestic, men's
furnishing salesman. Box 1540, 1008 Market.
2 CHAIR barber shop; price $75; good busi-
ness: on trial. 1303 Castro st.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply 519
Filbert st.
WANTED — Man to do Janitor work for his
tuition in B. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard.
A profitable outing; pick hops In August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st-.S.F.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 228 Montgy. r. 415.
SAILORS ana young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson «t.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 27 Steuart st.
PENSION Atty..E.A.Bullls. r.40, Phelan bldg.
Part Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of arnertisPtr.ents and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m ' ¦ r
ALL sizes men's shoe«. slightly damaged, half
v price 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your hoes half-«o!ed while waiting; 25e
to 50c JC3 MIeclcn St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — -Con.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
' moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
upstairs. • ." ' ¦
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine: open to 9 p. m.: Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
. foot-form shoes at $2 B0; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Et.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
THREE younir parrots for sale. Restaurant,
502 Sixth a(L
HOMERS, Runts, Runt crosses; Al squab rais-
ers; stamp for cata. C. Wllson,229F Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
FOR sale; — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market at.
AWNINGS, tents, new, second-hand. SUN TENT
& AWNING CO.. 42 Spear Bt; tel. John 6486.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand: prlc**
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
icalupl. moyed to 786 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third 8t.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Brock, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont »t. .
MISCELLANEOUS WAKTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc. ; send
postal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
- Stockton st. -
A— MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles'
and gents' castoff clothing; poetl. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 825; iX>0 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
DESKS bought, sold ana . exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mleilon: phone Bush 4OT.
money to loan.
aX^h^rmaiT'murphy7" ~ — —
G01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests: assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc. ; legacies.- life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest. . _
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
£46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, IB Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault U protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 31 Stockton
et. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery it., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st,
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loam to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1*4 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 60 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Qlve us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chtckering, Vose,
Stein Steck. Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard, Halnes and many others; prices rea-
sonable: easy terms; all guaranteed.^ BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the summer Is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up. apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
st.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehcad's storage.1630 Mkt.
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 210 McAllister st.
GOOD* standard upright piano for sale; |S5.
8TATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poet st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
j 3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's. 283 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
A — MODERN stores, 511-543 Fourth St.; plate
glass, low fronts; cheap rents. SPECK &
CO . 209 Montgomery Bt. . /
I A — TO LET — 1304 Valencia »t. : n neat store
with fixtures; good fcr small business.
OFFICES WANTED.
DOCTOR'S office of '3 rooms; 2 furnished, 1
unfurnished. Address box 3241, Call, of flee.
I ~ ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SL'KOKO.XS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market St., bet. Oth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a. specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 # Market Bt.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past fcur years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. Ll~Po
Tal, herb doctor, ' cures all diseases or human
; by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Pcwell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
__ ________
OFFICE C. Q. M.," Vancouver ' Barracks,
Wash., July 5, 1904.— Sealed proposals, In
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. August 4, 1904, for furnishing
forage and bedding at posts in this depart-
ment, for yoar ending June 30. U905. Infor-
mation furnished here or by quartermasters
at posts. • U. 15. reserves the right to" reject
or accept: any. or all. proposals or, any part
. thereof. ' Envelopes ' containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Forage and
. Bedding at " addressed' F. G. -HODG-
SON. C. Q. M. .
PERSONALS. - -^ ]
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on ln-
. etallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* Its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
' and itching gcalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Polk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly confi-
dential. Box 3234, Call office. '
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicoce.e,
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them.' Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
AT less than cost; uncalled (or suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market St.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post st.. near Powell.
FRANK G. O'NEIL: Send address to H. E.,
box 2646, Call office; something important.
PROF. DE LOUTSKY. dermatologist; modern
face treatments. 327 Geary. Open Sunday.
BEST white lead. 7c per pcund; special to'
painters. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st. |
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market'
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Mi.'fit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
j MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3G9 Sut-
ter. r. COO. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Kenna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1 at al! druggists.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
JOHN OTIS CAMP— Money ready for you.
Write to WM. LLOYD, Fteewater, Ore., or
JOHN W. GWILT, Oakland, Cal.
PALMISTHY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st. : phone Polk 4C11.
FATEJTT&
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PTTBIiIC ACCOUKTAKT.
BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized; periodical audits and
books kept for firms or corporations who do
not desire to employ regular bookkeeper.
Terms reasonable. J. R DAY. public ac-
countant, r. 609 Mills bdg.. phone Main 592.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
has received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1, 19O4: Margaret
L. Alexander, 11 years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson. 11 years 4 months; Juantta Wals-
worth, 10 years 5 months; May Walsworth,
8 years 11 months; Vicien Dunkle, 13 years;
Aileen Dunkle, 5 years 3 months; Doris
Dunkle. 3 years 10 months; Hazel B. Wells.
8 years 7 months: Emelie Delange. 4 years 7
months; Maria Grunn. 7 years 9 months:
Nellie Conoley. 9 . years 4 months: Helen
Conoley, 5 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reaves. 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves, 10 years
7 months.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orphairand half-orphan girls and boys
have been admitted to the asylum on Halght
street from April 1. WO4. to July 1, 1904:
Nellie Armstrong, 12 years 9 months; Sarah
Ellen Johnson 8 years 2 months: Marguerite
Campbell. 10 years; Lillian Postell. 12 years
10 months; Julia Hoppe, 8 years 6 months;
Frederick Johnson, 10 years 8 months.
SUSAN RUSSELL SPOTTS. Secretary-
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage.
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st. ;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.. tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWIXO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic efflce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HCME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $3. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Korea Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
aTCTTERIXG AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne in U. S. : private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
TYPEWBTTEBS AKD^STTFFIjIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get. par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery s*..
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
VIA VI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free: correspondence Invited
VIAVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan Association — For the six
months ending June 20. 1904, dividends have
been declared on deposits in the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4Vi
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20, 1904. The "Phoe-
nix" has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
. a total paid in capital of $1,200,000. Its
board of directors are: A. A. W r atkins. presi-
dent: Charles R. Bishop, . vice president; S.
Prentlss Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
man, director; Gavin McNab, director;
Charles E. Ladd. director. . ,
CLARENCE GRANGE. Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco, at a regular meeting
of the board of directors of this bank, held
.July 5. 1904, a dividend was declared for
the half year' ending June 30, 1904. at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 15th lnst.; transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
lnst., bott> days inclusive.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, July 5, 1904.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
June 30. 11)04. dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deposits, .at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary* deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1U94.
, J.;DALZELL BROWN. Manager. '
DIVIDEND NOTICE — San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building, 70S Market
St.; opposite Third — For the half year end-
Ing June 30., linn, a dividend has been de-
clared 'at the rate per annum of ten (10). per
. cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. "July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
Dividend notice — The Giant Powder Co.. Con.
A dividend. ' No. U7, of fifty cents (5uc) per
chare on the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 202, 204 and. 206 Key-
ward, bldg., San Francisco, on July. 11. 1904.
Transfer books close July 5. IJHM at noon.
R. H. REN N IE.* Secretary, pro tern.
GI C A DIMP^'OAI TOP s AF *f II 1 JY7. A TV T 'TMTrnrnTPThe United. States steamer . Manning has
sailed for Llslansky. Island, where she will
take on board the bird plumage recently cap
tured from Japanese : poachers by the Thetis.
The plumage was taken from birds killed law
lessly on the island and Is valued at $25,000.
' The Pacific Mail steamship Gaelic will sail
for tbe Orient Saturday, July. 18, the Korea,
- Two hundred horses and mules, purchased
by the Government In Kentucky and Missouri,
were unloaded yesterday from the cars. .' Four
thoroughbred stallions and thirty-five mares
will be sent to Manila on the transport Dix
and tbe rest of the animals will be kept at
the army post here.
The British ship ¦ Carmanlan arrived yester
day at Delaware - Breakwater from .' Noumea,
New Caledonia, and reported that the captain,
XV. P." Bunn. had died at sea May 20. He was
well known Inf this oort.
Water Front Notes.
B. A. Harnett, acting agent for ' the Toyo
Kisen. Kalrha line of steamships, announced
yesterday that the America Maru hail sailed
from. Yokohama on July 2 for this port by
way of Honolulu, and that she had on board
twenty-one. cabin passengers and 200 Asiatics,
of which number 150 are destined for Hon
olulu. ¦ -
America Maru Sails.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U S 'V Mer
« »' hant „*•* eh*"**. San FranciscoT Cal..
Tha Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I. t.; at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. la charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«»
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the game at both places.
SATURDAY. JULY t. "
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets 7:3i
Moon rises 1:48 a. jn-
O I Time] |Tlme| JTlmel JTlmel
m I . rt. / 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
<» |L Wf |H Vr\ |L W| |H W|
~9 2:271 0.31 9:19 3.8 1:52 2.6! 8:101 5.9
10 3:121—0.2 10:13 4.1 2:45 2.7 8:53 6.0
11 3:67) — 0.7 11:02 4.4 3:33 2.7 9:40 6 0
12 4:42—1.2 11:45 4.6 4:24 2.7 10:30 6.1
13 5:23— 1.4! 12:33 4.8 3:13 2.7 11:19 6.0
14 6:00—1.2 1:13 4.8! 6:0$ 2-«t
!H Wl IL. W H W |t> w
15 I 0:101 B.7| 6:54—0.71 1:56 5.21 7:02 2.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day tn the order of occurrence as to time: tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven ara in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( >
stgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from th« depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lowtr low waters.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 8.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rodgens.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 37 hours from
Stmr Guala'.a. Kalnin, 20 hours from West-
St'mr Brooklyn, Johnson, 15 hours from Men-
Stmr Bonita, Prebl*. 63 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Redondo. Krog, 65 hours from As
toria; bound south: put In f 01^ passengers.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 40 hours from
/Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Norwood. Chrlstensen, 6 days from
Bellingham Bay, In tow of tug Richard
Holyoke.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, SJ hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Iaqua Jorgensen, 22 hours from
Eureka: bound south; put In to land pas-,
eengcrs.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro, Rasmussen, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4' hours- from Half
1 moon Bay. « '
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr W J Patterson, Lancaster, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
Tug Richard " Holyoke. Hall. 6 days from
Belllngham. with stmr Norwood In tow.
CLEARED.
, Friday, July 8.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Sydney, via Hono
lulu; Pago Pago and Auckland; J D Spreckels
Bros & Co. _ , '
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen. Guaymas; Pacific
Coast Steamship Comcany.
Stmr Santa Rooa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
SAILED.
• Friday, July * 8.
Btmr F A'Kllburn. Jahnsen. Port Rodgers.
Btmr WestDort, Smith, WestDort.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr .Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymas and way
ports. - " • , , ,,
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Sydney, via -Hono
lulu, Pago Pago and Auckland.
Stmr National City, Hammer, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, • Port Kenyon.
- Stmr Gipsy, I* Gray. Monterey, etc.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays Harbor.
'Stmr Newburg, Anflndsen, Grays Harbor.
''Stmr Iaqua, Jonrensen,' San Pedro. -
Stmr Sequoia. McClements, Willapa Harbor.
Bktn Portland; Clark, Grays Harbor, ._
Shipping Intelligence.
San. Moon and Tide.
The reinsurance on the overdue vessel Sierra
Miranda has Jumped to 50 per cent, and
that on the Julius Palm to 12 per cent. The
lift of the seven delays now are the Queen
Elizabeth, from New York to Bangkok, 80
days out, at 7 per cent; La Rochefaucauld.
from New York to Shanghai. 79 days out, at 7
per cent; Julius Palm, from Banzkok to Una
Grande. 127 days out, at 12 per cent: Wyn
ford, from New York to Shanghai, 70 days
out, at 15 per cent; Montebello, from Swansea
to San Francisco, IS'- days out, at 15 per
cent; Parknook, from Chlttagong to Trinidad,
14,". days out. at 60 per cent, and the Sierra
Miranda, from Rangoon to Ilha Grande, 126
days -out, at 00 per cent.
Overdue Vessels.
W. A. Bissell 1b the traffic agent of the
Santa Fe Railroad Company, on a vacation
with his wife and son to Honolulu. Mrs. F.
and Miss Dlllingham are the wife and daughter
of the American Consul General at Auckland
and Dr. Nicholas Senn Is the well-known sur
geon, scientist and traveler of Chicago. J.
Kalanianole is Prince Cupid of the once royal
family of Hawaii. The Sierra has been fitted
with two four-blade propellers and It Is ex
pected that she will net only make up her
lost day but will cut down her general time
run. ' - : \f-:
Sydney— John Brown, Miss M. Brune, J.
Collins, Mrs. Collins, John Jones, Miss VV A.
Jones. Rev. M. Lelbenrood, W. C. Mayor, T.
XV. Moule. H. A. F. Penrose Jr., Major J.
W. Peters. H. J. Rea, Dr. Nicholas Senn,
Miss Emelie V. Button, W. B. Veirs, T. XV.
Warren.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney — I. Chapman,
B. F. Schlrmer. CiV ; '->.<
Auckland— Mrs. F. Dilllngham, Mlrs Dil
lincham. T. G. Walters.
The big liner Sierra. Captain H. C Houdlette,
of the Oceanic SteamFhlp" Company sailed yes
terday afternoon for Honolulu and Australia.
Her scheduled date was the day before, but
she was held twenty-four hours by delay in the
arrival of the Australian malls. She carries
the following named first cabin passengers:
Honolulu— Mrs. W. H. Bailey, S. A. Bald
win. W. A. Bissell, Mrs. Bissell, Master W.
Bissell, G. P. Cooke, S. P.* French. Miss
Elizabeth Hlbbard. Mrs. Slgue Hjord and two
children, W. L. Hopper. Mrs. Hopper. Miss
A. Hopper. Miss E. T. Hopper, Miss K. Hop
per, Hon. J, Kalanianole, Misa E. L«aie, A.
B Nof finger, Bernard O'Connor, A. Robinson,
Mrs. Robinson and child. A. F. Robinson,
Master S. Robinson, Mlos E. Robinson, Mrs.
M. Schopbach Miss L. Schopbach, G. A. Tur
ner, Mrs. Turner, Miss L. M. Tuthill, E. O.
White, G. H. Paul.
Pago Paso — F. G. Abeken (U. S. J«\), Mrs.
W. 11. Stanley and two children.
Sailing of the Sierra.
State of California (by E. J. Smith.' Tax
Collector, property assessed to C. S. de Ber
nal) to A. M. Nuckolls, lot commencing 200
E from Railroad avenue, on'N line of South
San Francisco Homestead, N 120, E 60 8
05:5%. SE 62:9, S 12:10%, W 100. block 2°8
Central Park Homestead,- tax deed; $99.
Amanda and Samuel Saari to S. Ducas
Company, lot on NE line of Somerset street
100 NW of Bllllman. NWrlOOby NB 120 - lot
6, block 26. University Mound; $10.
, A. M. and Anna Nuckolls to John A Jacobs
and D. H. Otto, lot commencing 200 K from
Railroad avenue, on N line of • South Ban
Francisco Homestead, N 120. E 50. S 05 -51,4
SE 62:9, S 112:10%. W 100, block 228, Central
Park Homestead; $10.
Carvil W. and Dora E. Marlatt to Joseph
N. Reid, lot 3. block 2<- subdivision 1. Castro
street Addition; $725.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association ¦ to XT. B.
Latham, lot In cemetehy, $125. . - '
Julius C. Reis to Lena Whelan, lot 8, block
3. Rels Tract; grant.
Same to Helen F. Melvln, lot 15, block 3,
Reis Tract; grant.
Mollie Yarbrough to Lena and John G. Whe
lsn, lots 478 and 480, gift map 3; $10.
Brldcet Shannon to John J. and James J.
McCann, lots 1366 to 1367 gift map 3; gift.
Annie Collins to Mary Bush and Catherine
Shafyr fColltns), lot on SE corner of Rutledge
and Alabama streets, S 25 by E 80, lot 2, Har
ris map 2; gift.
Edgar C. and Almena F. Seavey to Jay
Dtmtng. lot on S line of Preclta street, 489
E of Alabama. E 00 by S 150. Precita Valley
223 and 224. quitclaim deed; $10.
Jay and Nina Demlng to Oscar Heyman,
same; $10.
John and Ella McCulloch to Manuel Law
rence, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 150
N of A street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
City Realty Company to Jennie R. Schouler.
lot on E line of Second street, 60 N of I N
60 by E »5; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma-L. Mer
rltt, executrix) to Martha Chapman, lot on W
luie of Forty-eighth avenue, 337:6 S of O
street, S 25, W 136.06, NW 25.03. E 137.22;
Martha and Ira H. Chapman to Thomas
Swales, same; $10.
Andrew B. and Jennie G. Knox to John
Carroll, lot on SE corner of Guerrero and
Elizabeth streets, S 25:6 by E 71:094- $10
Emily Quinn to El Dorado Loan Association,
lot on N line of Clipper street, 152:9 E of
Sanchez, E 25:11 by N 114, quitclaim deed; fl.
Joseph M. and Mary Furrer to William D.
and Mary A. Tait. lot on W line of Sanchez
street. C4 N of Twenty-eighth N 25 by W
1C0; $10.
Luigi and Jennie M. Torre to Banca Sviz
zera Americana, lot on SW corner of Dupont
and Chestnut streets, W 37:C by S 49:11%; $10.
Henry Wagner to Martha Mueller, lot on 8
line of Washington street, 175 W of Taylor,
W 32:9, S 60. W 26. S 72:6, E 58:9, N 137:6;
also lot on SW line of Montgomery avenue,
25:10% SE of Adler street, NW 25:10%, W
4«:4»4, S 20. E <J2:10Jfc; $10.
- Henry Wagner to Henry L. Wagner, lot on
S corner of Green street and NE corner of
Montgomery avenue, E 45.0',4, S 54.0 1 ,4, NW
70:3%; Jio.
Marie C. Arnaud to E. C. Heller,, lot on S
line of Post street, 187:6 E of Larkin. E
22:6 by S 120; $10.
Hannah Altfield to Rachael L. Altfleld. lot
on NW line of Natoma street, 225 SW of
Sixth, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
J. Cuneo Company to San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, lot on N line of Twen
ty-third street. 51 E of Georgia. E 35:8, NW
2S:3',4, SW 21:S',4; also Jot on NE corner of
Tv/enty-third and Georgia streets. N 26:7, SE
51:11. XV 44:7%; $10.
Eliza, and Denis O'Brien to Agnes K. Finlay.
lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 174 W of
Noe. W 20 by S 115; $10.
Patrick J. and Mary A. Mclnerney to Martin
H. and Margaret Preece lot on W line of
Potrero avenue. 6T{;6 N of Twenty-first street.
N 21 by W 50; $10. •
Charles and Minna Kirch to Paul F. Kings
ton, lot on E line of Clayton street 175 S of
Waller, S 45 by E 106:3; $10.
Jennie B. Chlpman (Greenwood) to Monroe
Greenwood Estate Company, lot on N line of
Jackson sti^et, 50 E of Maple E 150 N 165,
SW to a point opposite beginning, S 155 quit
claim deed; $ .
City and County of San Francisco to Alide
Schenck. lot on E line of Valencia street,
127:6 S of Sixteenth. S 22:6 by E 70; $
Same to John Center, lot on NE corner of
Folsom and Twentieth streets, E 245 by N
395; $ .
Phlllipp and Emilea Schmidt to John, Mary
and John Healy Jr., lot on S line of Chestnut
street. 254:8 W of Steiner W 20:4 by S 137:(J;
. Mathias and Jeanette Meyer to Frederic A.
Gardner, lot on N line of Vallejo etreet. 80 E
of Baker. E 32 by N 125; '510.
John B. Cosgrave to Ellen Lynch, lot on S
Jine of California street. 106:3 W of Baker. W
25 by S 137:6; $10.
Samuel B. and Alice - C. Welch to "Sarah
A. Grant (wife of William) lot on SW corner
of Larkin and Francisco street, W 137 :ti by
Antonio Laiolo to Julius Gollober, lot on N
line of Clay street. 215 E of Fillmore. E 25
FRIDAY. JULY 8.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
1 Steamer. Destination. ! Sails. I Pier.
~~ July 9. I f "
; Alliance Eureka & C009 Bay 5 pmJPler 16
Redondo I--os Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
1 Pomona Humboldt |l:3op;Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena j 4 pmiPier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports.ill am'Pler'9-
Acapulco... N. Y via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
July 10. I I
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 110 amlPler Iff
S. Rosa..... San Diego & Way.) 0 am Pier 11
Bontta Newport & Way...| 9 ami Pier 11
Centennial.- Seattl* & Tacoma.! 5 pmlPler 20
July 11. | I
Elizabeth... Coqutlle River | 9 pmlPler 20
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portlandlll amlPler 24
3. Monica.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmJPier 2
Rainier Seattle & Belllnghmi 4 pm|Pier 10
July 13. I I
Aurella Astoria & Portland] 4 pm'Pler 27
Korea China & Japan ! 1 pmlPler 40
San Pedro. _ Humboldt 12 mlPier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am! Pier 1;;
Corona Humboldt l:30p!Pler 9
July 13. I
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm|Pier S
Arctic Humboldt 10 am! Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m'Pler 13
July 14. I
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael 2 pm; Pier 20
Argo Kel River Ports... 4 pm I Pier 2
Pomo Pt- Arena & Albion 6 pmjPler 2
State of Cal San Diego St Way. 9 amlPier 11
Cl'ty Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am! Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 amlPier 11
1 Jnly 15. j
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pm^Pier 2.,
Luxor Hamburg: k Way. 12 m; Pier 19
July 16. I
Chehalls... j Grays Harbor 3 pmiPier 20
Gaelic China & Japan 12 m|Pler 4o
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmiPier lfi
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mfPler 40
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandill amlPier 24
1 Jnly 18. J I
Jeanle Seattle Sz Tacoma.*! 5 pmlPler 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Balls.
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. I July 9
Humboldt.... Skagway A Way Ports. I July 10
Bertha Kodiak A Way Ports. [July 10
Garonne Nome via Golovln Bay. July 10
Olympla Nome direct July 1O
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports. [July 12
Santa Clara. . J Valdez A Seward (July 14
Tampico Nome A St. Michael. .• July 13
Dlrigo Skagway A Way Ports. IJuly 16
Santa Ana Valdez A Way Ports.. July 16
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. ..{July is
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra
sailed yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $232,34S. to be dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu. $106,553;
Samcan Islands, $8480; New Zealand. $5S,341;
Australia, ?3S,634; New Caledonia, ?20";
Friendly Islands, $133. The leading exports
were as follows:
To Honolulu— 79 bbls flour. BO.00O lbs rice,
841 gals wine, 4300 lbs codfish, 45.MW lbs malt,
1 110 lbs nuts, lilo lbs dried fruit. 17o lbs HI
pl:gs raisins, 2U51 lbs cheese, 7U37 lba butter,
100 cs canned salmon, :#sj cs canned meats,
04 cs assorted canned goodji, 21*2 lbs bread,
lSKJi) lbs middlings, IOOO lbs Tneais. lti cs. eggs,
14 pkgH groceries and provisions, 1!>4S pkgs
fresh trults. 136 Vk*s fresh vegetables, lOl'J
pkus potatoes, ;J41 pkgs onions, sa9 lbs candy,
lMHi lbs ham and bacon. 100O lbs sugar, 1K>O
lbs lard, 23 pkgs frozen oysters, 1374 lbs fresh
ilsh, 25>21 lbs dressed poultr- 41,907 lbs 12
pkgs manufactured tobacco, 100 cs boots and
shoe?, 14s pkgs dry goods, 25 pkgs drugs and
sundries, .'lao pkgs paper, 4:1 pkgs electrical
supplies, 4 cs arms and ammunition, 30 bars
steel, 114 bdls 155 pes'pip?, 3t> txlls iron, 2i
pkgs agricultural implements,- 25 cs matches.
12 cyls ammonia, 45 pkgs machinery, }5 cs
oil, 40 boiler tubes, 57 cs hats and caps, MS
bdls f hnuks<. II pkgs nails, 17 cs pianos, 29 is
paints.
To Samoan Islands — 25 bbls flour. 6080 lbs
rice, 612 lbs bread, 15 pkg« fresh fruits. 3i>
pkgs potatoes and onions, 237 cs canned sal
mon. 274 cs assorted canned goods, 25 cs whis
ky, 11 pkgs table preparations, 78 pkgs grocer
ies! and provisions, 8 cs liquors, 7~pkgs beer,
1130 lbs 1 cs meals. 050 lbs codfish. 3450 ft
lumber, 3t> pkgs millwork, 7 pkgs dry good?.
20 cs boots and shoes. 10 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 5 pkgs machinery. 4400 lbs cement,
4 coils rope, 73 bdls building material, 30 pkgs
paints and oils, 5 bdls pipe. 2500 bricks, 15
pkgs naval stores.
To New Zealand— 28,. r .Tl lbs dried fruit, 21,-
CT>0 lbs raisins, 5 cs cheese, 371 cs assorted
canned goods, 2042 lbs beans, 40 cs salmon.
KtCfl lbs cereal food.8, 20 cs bread, 10 pkijs
fresh fruits. 400 lbs codfish. 768 lbs coffee, 4360
lbs salt. Mil cs drugs and sundries, 26 pkgs
machinery. 119 pkgs bicycles and parts. 58
pkgs sewing machine?, 81 cs boots and shoes,
110 rolls newspaper, 350 pkgs metal polish, 42
pkgs building material, 0387 lbs manufactured
lead. 30,000 lbs plaster, 10 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 20 cs iron.
To Australia— 22,510 lbs dried fruit. 565 cs
canned goods. 327 pkgs fresh fruit, OOO lbs
meals, 21.317 lbs coffee, 1732 lbs hops, 100 gals
wins. 10 cs syrup, 11 cs liquors, 102 pkgs ag
ricultural implements, 13 pkes drugs and sun
dries. C3 pkgs machinery. 35 pkgs sewing ma
chines. 41 bbls oil, 470 pkgs metal polish. 9
bales 28 cs leather. !)0 pkgs bicycles and parts.
218 cs boots and shoes, 101 pkgs paints, 170
pkgs building material, 32,197 lbs manufac
tured lead. 2470 lbs solder. 14.466 ft lumber.
.To New Caledonia — 50 cs canned salmon, 21
cs assorted canned goods. 1 cs lard. •
To Friendly Islands— SI cs canned goods, 2
cs coffee.
Exports by thtv Pacific Uner.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
An important addition to the Pa
cific Coast fleet of carriers was made
yesterday morning when the new —
though not yet completed-^— steamer
Norwood came into this port. With
several months' work still to be done
on her and depending on the power of
a tugboat for motion she brought in
the largest cargo j>f lumber that has
ever entered San Francisco harbor.
One million one hundred and thirty
two thousand feet was her initial load.
The Norwood is 210 feet long, beam
33% feet, and she draws 14 feet of
water. She was built at Grays Har
bor at a cost of $125,000. The engines
which are being built for her will be
of 800 horsepower, and her speed will
be over ten and a half knots. She will
be fitted to carry forty cabin passen
gers. The interior of the cabin will be
of hardwood finish, in beautiful de
sign and rich display. The Norwood
is owned by Sudden & Christenson, 6
California street. She will run be
tween Grays Harbor, San Pedro, Port
Angeles and San Francisco.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. July 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ark. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l06»;iOO^|4s qr cp new.i;:2%133i4
4s qr reg...lO»lV<lC6 : '4t.:s <;r coup.. .106 10ti»5
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Oak T Co Cs.llG —
Bay CPC 5«.101»; — Do 5s 109%lll
Cal C G 5s. — 104'i Do con 5s. 100 105
Cal G & E g Oceanic S Us. — 72 'i
m & ct 5s. 84U S5',4;Om Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-Rt C r.s. — 115»4tPac G Im 4s. 92'4 9t>
C C Wat 5s. — 100 |P E Ry 5s. 102^ —
EdL & P 6S.124U — |P & C II 6?.1O3 —
F & C H 6s. 114 — P & O R 6S.112 113
Geary-st 5s.. — 80 |PoweIl-st fc's. — 114
H C&S 5»4*.10O — I Sac EG&Rfls. {»« 9S
Do 5s .... QS\b — |£F & SJV5s.ll7 —
Hon R T C«.1O5 — | Sierra R C? . — 115
L A Elec 5s. — , — IS P of A 6s
L A Ry Cs.ntf — I (1909) 106 —
L A L Co «s — — O910> 107 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5E.I02J4 — (l»05)Sr A. 102% —
LAP lem B?.101J£ — O90r.)Sr B.103^ —
Mkt-st C fis.113 — (190ti) 105 —
Do lrm 5S.114U — O912) I15'$116
MV& MtTSs.lOlVj — SPC 1 eg 58.110 —
NRR of CCs.10414 — [ Do ftampd.108^103
Do Ss 117U — |S P B R 6s.l31 *134
N P C R 5s. — — IS V Wat Cs.lO5>,i —
N C Ry 5s. — 112 | Do 4s 2dm. 09 —
N C P C 5». — 100 I Do 4s 3dm. $»8Vi —
N S R R 5s. — 101 I Do g mtp4s 97 14 —
O G L&H T.s.107 — iStkn G&Etis. — S2U
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |U G & E 53. — 102»4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 40 I Port Costa. . . — —
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 3S% 3S',4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3 3%|S F G & E. 59% 60
Mutual E L. 12 12^,|Stkn G & E. — 6
Pac L Co... 57 — I U G & E Co. — —
Firem's Fnd.310 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. 127»4 — |L P & A.... — 155
Anglo-Cal .. 83V4 86%IMer Trust 205
Bank of Cal.424 — I Merch Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nationl. — — -'
First Nationl — — | .
SAVINGS BANKS. X
Ger S * 1*2280 2350 ISav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — 1 Sec Sav Bk.380 —
Mutual Sav. — 110 | Union T Co.. — "— '
S F Sav U.640 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio — 45
POWDER.
Giant eO'4 61 IVIgorit — 5
SUGAR
Hana P Co.. — 20c | KHauea S C. — 4-
Hawaiian C. 51 .11 Vis Makaivi !i C.. 22 22%
Honokaa S C 11*$ 12 lOnomea S C. 23 ',4 27**
Hutch SPC 8% — iPaauhau S C. 12»i 13V4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 137*4 — (Oceanic S Co. — 4U
Cal F C A. 98 09'411'ac Aux FA. 5 —
Cal Wine A. — OOUlPac C Borx.156 159
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
25 Hutcbinson S P Co 8 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 E0
$2,000 Bay Counties Power Co Eg... 102 00
Street—
$3,000 Edison L & P 6 per cent 124 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Hutchlnson S P Co S 50
40 S F Gas & Electric C9 75
15 -Spring Valley Water Co s 5.. «8 50
20 Spring Valley Water Co 38 50
10 Spring Valley Water Co. b 12.. 38 60
$1,000 Park & Ocean Ry C per cent.. 112 50
r-,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge).. 98 37>4
Street— -,,; ¦?.
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1910) 107 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC <5s. — 9J IEF & NP 5s. — 109»i
R L Wat 6s. — 117 |S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 113 |S P Co 4%s.l00
M C Wat 5S.100 — Sun Tel 5s.. — 104
RIs I Wks5B. — 1C6 |Sutter-st R5S.105 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113%|UR of SF 4s. 80% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk 180
Cal Cot Mils — R8 N S R R Co. 9K —
Cal G&ECor. 48% 50 N Cal P Co. — 1014
Cal Powder.. — 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 ,7
Cal Ship Co. — £5 I Oak T Con.. 75 •
Cal T I & T.115 — I IOOF Hall A tt —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 jOrpheum Co. — 151;
Chutes Co .. — 7%|PacC Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 JPac S Tel.. 99U100%
Cyp L Imp.. — 7 1 Pac Sur Co.105 —
East Dynm.. — 270 |Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — W |SF Drydock CO — ,
Do com ..40 60 ISF&SJ Coal. — 25 \
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — |S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr — 60c I SO & MTjrbt 125
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Rwisu-A I»k.ll5 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. 10»,4 14 |UR InC pfd. 47 —
Lon& SF Bk — CO | Do com ... 9% —
Morning Session.
Board —
..»J£r. a ? ln S State " 7V1 * Te! Co.. 100 00
J2.000 United R R of S F 4s. cash.. R0 75
$30,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent.. 80 75
Afternoon Session. i
Etreet— '
$14,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 75 :
California Stockand OilExchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 46
Associated Trust Certificates. 17 jg
California Standard ........ 12
Caribou ../>........ 36 j j'^o
Chicago Crude ............. . 21 !
ClAremoat .......... ..... >t> j 3 _ w
Tuesday, July 12. and the Acapulca for Pan
ama at noon to-day. The Korea will carry
&C00 tons of freight. •
Bktn Chehalls. Simpson, Willapa Harbor. ;
Schr Excelsior. Trudgett. Grays Harbor. ¦
Schr Orient. Saunders, Grays Harbor. [
Schr Western Home. Lambke, Coos Bay. :
TELEGRAPHIC. 1
POINT LOBOS, July 8. 10 p m — Weather 1
cloudy; wind S\V; velocity 12 mil's per hour, i
SPOKEN.
May 16— Lat 20 N. loug 19 W, Fr bark I
Anjcu, from Swansea, for* San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '•
VENTURA— Sailed July 7— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 8— Schr
Spokane, hence June 25.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 8— Stmr Columbia,
hence July 6.
Sailed July S — Schr William Renton, for San
Francisco.
Sailed July 7 — Schr Andy Mahoney, for San j
Pedro. !
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July S— Stmr j
C003 Bay, for San Pedro; stmr State of Call- !
fornia, fcr San Dleiro. •
POUT HADLOCK— Arrived July 8— Schr 1
Wawona, from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 8— Bktn !
Gleaner, hence June 24.
TATOOSH— Pass'd out July S— Bark Prussia. |
for Manila
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived May 16— Bark Big !
Bonanza, hence April 14. May 21 — Schr Eva. (
from Tacoma. and sailed May 2S for Nelsons 1
Lagoon.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 8— Chil !
bark Royal Sovereign, from Honolulu; achr !
Manila, from San Pedro. !
TACOMA— Arrived July . 7— Stmr^ Mineola. I
hence July 3.
RKDONDO— Sailed July 8— Stmr Acme, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 8— Schr
Balnbridg<\ 'from San Pedro; schr F S Red
fleld. hence June 24.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived July 8 —
Stmr Coquille River, from San Pedro: stmr
Acme, from Redondo.
Sailed July 8 — Stmr Coquille River, for San
Francisco; stmr Acme, for San Francisco. |
EUREKA— Sailed July 7— Stmr Iaqua, for j
San Francisco: bktn Mary Winkelman, for
San Pedro. July 8 — Schr John A, for San
Francisco: schr Onward, for San Francisco.
July a — Stmr Mandalay, for San Pedro.
Arrived Julv 7 — Stmr Noyo. hence- July 6.
July S — Schr Allen A, from Makawell; stmr
fan Gabriel, from Umpqua River, for San j
Pedro; rtmr Arctic, hence July 6. j
Passed north, 2 p m — Tug Sea Ro\-er, with
schrs Oakland and Sacramento In tow. hence
July* 6. tot Sluslaw River.
POINT REYES— Passed July 8, 1 p m—
Stmr Mandalay. from Eureka for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 8 — Stmr Umatilla. j
hence July 5; 6 p m — stmr Jeanle, hence July 2. 1
Sailed July 8 — Ger stmr Luxor, for San I
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 7— Schr
Alpha, hence June 27: schr Lizzie Vance,
hence June 20; schr Alb.rt Meyer, from San
Pedro; bktn Robert Sudden, from Santa Ro
salia. July S — schr Sausallto. hence June 22.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed July 7— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived July 8— Stmr
Brunswick. h«nce July 7.
SKAGW AY— Sailed July 7. 6 p m— Stmr
Dolphin, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 8 — Stmr Che
halis, hence July 6; stmr Coos Bay. hence
July ft; stmr Despatch, hence July 5; stmr
Aurella. from Portland: schr Oliver J Olsen.
from Ballard.
CLEONE— Sailed July*8— Stmr James 3
Higglns for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 7— Schr Irene, for
Port Townsajid: stmr Nebraskan. for Kahului.
July 8 — Stmr >fongolla. from Hongkong and
Yokohama, for San Francisco.
KAANAPALI— Arrived July 7— Bark Abby
Palmer, from Seattle.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOVER— Passed July 6— Br shlD Strath
gryfe trom Hull, for San Francisco.
PUNTA ARENAS — Sailed June 22 — Ger stmr
Anuhis. for Harabure.
COLON — Sailed July 6 — Stmr Alllanca, for
New York.
Arrived July 6— Stmr Yucatan, from New
York. •
ANTWERP— In port June 27— Br ship Colo
nial Empire, for San Francisco.
BEACH Y HEAD— Passed July 7— Br ship
Muskoka. from Hamburg, for Oregon.
CAPE TOWN — In port* May 2S — Br bark
Inverclyde, for San Francisco, via Newcastle.
PORT SAID — Arrived July 0 — Br stmr Ma
chaon from Greenock, for Puget Sound.
ADEN — Arrived Juiy 7 — Br stmr Radley,
from Hollo, for Philadelphia,
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to July S — Stmr
Ventura hence Juno 16; Ital ship Agosttno
Terrizar.o. from Eureka.
MELBOURNE — Arrived prior to July 8 — Ger
ship Lika, from Port Gamble.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HALIFAX. N S— Arrived July 8— Stmr Si
berian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, via st
Johns, N F, for Montreal. .
HAMBURG— Arrived July 8— Stmr Ara
cadla. from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 8— Stmr Lu
canla. from New York, for Llveroool. and
proceeded; stmr Celtic, from Boston, for Liv
erpool, and proceeded.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 7— Stmr Moltkr.
from New York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg.
HAVRE — Arrived July 8— Stmr La Cham
pagne. from New York.
PALERMO— Sailed July 1— Stmr Slavonta,
for Naples, etc.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed July ft— Stmr Island,
for New York.
DOVER— Sailed July 8— Stmr Hamburg,
from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed July 7— Stmr Cartha
genia for Philadelphia.
LONDON— Sailed July 7— Stmr Evangcttne.
for St John. N B.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 8— Stmr Ultonla.
for Trieste and Flume: stmr Celtic, for Liv
erpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 7— Stmr Syl
vanla, from Boston.
Sailed July 7— Stmr Welshman, for Portland.
GENOA— Arrived July 8— Stmr Ko«nUr AN
bert, via Naples.
SCILLT— Passed July 8— Stmr Brtmw.
TO SAIL.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued prom Page Fifteen.
NEW UNFINISHED STEAMSHIP NORWOOD. BUILT IN GRAYS HARBOR FOR TRAPE BETWEEN COAST PORTS. LADEN
WITH GREATEST CARGO OF LUMBER THAT WAS EVER BROUGHT INTO THIS HARBOR, IN TOW OF TUG THAT
BROUGHT HER FROM THE NORTH.
Steamer. From. j Due.
. ! ¦
Barracouta. .. New Tork via Panama. 'Ju!y t>
Elizabeth Coquille River (July 9
Del Norte Crescent City I July 0
Lakme Pan Pedro 'July 10
R. Dollar Seattle !July 10
Central ia Grays Harbor [July 10
Tellue Coster Harbor July 10
Corona Ilumboldt [July 1O
Eureka Humboldt 'July 10
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports 'July 1<>
Arctic HumboMt July 10
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. . July 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 11
State of Cal... San Diego 4 Way Pts. July 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & W« y Pts. July 11
Hawaiian New York via Coronet. July 11
S. Monica San Pedro July 1 1
Rival Grays Harbor July 12
Breakwater... Coos Bay July 12
Luxor Seattle July 12
Chlco Portland & Astoi«a July 12
Aurella San Pedro } (July 12
Pomo Point Arena & 1^
Alameda Honolulu ¦ I July 12
Ramses Hamburg St Way: Ports. July 12
Argo Eel River Ports' July 12
Pomona Humboldt July 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 13
North Fork... Humboldt July 13
Peru New Tork via Panama. I July l:j
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma lJuly 14
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 14
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.JJuly 14
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. [July 15
Mongolia China & Japan [July 15
Umatilla Puget Pound Ports [July 15
G Llndauer.. Grays Harbor IJuly 17
Costa Rica Portland & Astoria July 1H
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. 'July IS
A. Mara China & JaDaa |July IS
TO ARRIVE.
3Iovem*nts of Steamers.
BROWHBAD — Parsed July 8 — Stmr Bovic.
from N«w York, for Liverpool, via Queens
town.
from New York, for Bremen, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
NAPLES — Sailed July S — Stmr Parisian,
from Liveroool, Montreal.
Arrrived July 8 — Stmr Sardegna. from New
York, for G*noa.
Builders' Contract*.
Emm* L. Hunt (owner) with McCullouga
Contracting Company (contractors), architect
James A. McCullough — All work for a two
story frame residence with concrete founda
tion on SB corner of Washington and Laurel
streets E 31, S 102:314. W 31. N 106:8**;
$12,600. .'„
C W. Welch (owner) with James Campbell
(contractor), architect Charles J. .Colley — All
work except electric work, plumbing, gas
fixtures, mantels and shades for three three
story and basement frame buildings on N Un«
of Cumberland street, 10O E of Dolores, E 75
by N 114; $19.80*.
NEW FREIGHT AND PASSENGER CARRIER
ADDED TO THE PACIFIC COAST FLEET
Though Not Finished the Steamer Norwood Brings to
Port a Huge Cargo • of One Million One Hundred
and Thirty -Two Thousand Feet of Lumber
Four 64 70
Hanford '. 170 00 180 00
Home . 145
Imperial .... 18 00
Independence 25 20
Kern 4 80 6 00
Kern River ..;.... 10 00 1100
Monarch (of Arizona) 32 -
Monte Crlsto :.... 68 70
Occidental of W Va .... 07 10
Peerless .' 13 60 .
S P & McKlttrick 3 00
Sovereign 39
Sterling ..;-. 2 60 ....
Superior 04 JJL
Thirty-three » • 8 25^
Tolteo 21 ....
Twenty-eight » <5
West Shore 260 ...-
Wabash 25
Monarch (Pool) 32
Miscellaneous — V«" J
Fischer's Theater 37 >;¦?«»
Northern Cal Power 10 60 .
North Shore Railroad 17 00
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 00 ....
Morning Session.
200 Sovereign 40
Street— '¦- . ;¦¦•'
700 Central Point Con 68
Afternoon Session.
10 Hanford 175 00
100 Kern 4 50
3000 W'abash 20
182 Associated 17
325 Fischer's 40
200 Sterling, b 00 2 05
25 Peerless, b 90 14 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
300 Caledonia ... 601 400 Overman 21
100 Challenge Con 12 100 Savage 17
100 Con C & Va.l 10| 300 Union Con .. 34
100 Gould & Cur. iu; 100 Utah 15
150 Mexican l(_00i
'Afternoon Session.
3C0 Chollar 001 800 Ophlr 2 75
450 Con C & Va.l 151 1C0 Savage 19 ,
1000 Julia 00 j TOO Scorpion 15
600 Mexican 1 C5 300 Union Con . . 35 !
DO Ophir 2 70 500 Yellow Jacket. 20
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
100 Bullion 19| 3C0 Justice 10
200 Caledonia ... 59| 60 Mexican .....100
S00 Caledonia ... CO 200 Mexican . ..1('2>4
500 Con NY.... 01 100 Ophir 2 82 £+
200 Con N Y 03 300 Savage 18 J
400 Gould & Cur. 10| 1000 Sierra Nev .. 34 .
Afternoon Session.
200 Con C & Va.l 15] 100 Scorpion 15
300 Con C & V.I 17*61 100 Sierra Nev .. 3«
200 Mexican ...1 02 \<, 200 Silver mil .. 5*
100 Ophir a C5| 700 Union Con .. .'»
100 Ophir 2 70! 100 Yellow Jacket. 20
50 Ophir 2 75!
1 TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Montana ....2 55 [ KO MacNamara .. 59
300 Montana . .2 47^1*000 Red Top 16:
870 Montana 2 45| 1000 Gold Anchor.. 27 i
3000 Rescue 10| 500 Ray &. O'Brien 14!
1350 Rescue Ill 500 Ray & O'Brien 15;
5000 Esperanza ... O3|130OB Mont 8:1 1
2000 Gold Mt Con. 02| 20O New York ... 02
100 MacNamara . 52| 700 Brunswick ... 08
100 MacNamara . 55| 100 Paymaster ... 06
1300 MacNamara . 5t>| 100 Belmont S4
4S0O MacNamara . 67| -'00 Belmont S3
Afternoon Session.
8000 Esperanza ... 0316000 Rescue 13
1000 MacNamara . 57| 100 Rescue 12
700 MacNamara . C8| 200 Ton Ne'v ....8 25 !
2000 MacNamara . 59; 500 Belmont 83
1500 MacNamara . €3| 5C0 Belmont 84
1100 Montana ...2 47 ! i! 700 Belmont 85
5000 New York ... 01 1 21'CO Belmont fc6 !
2500 Red Top 16|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. July S— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 09 11 j Justice 20 21
Alta 06 O7|Kentuck 03 04
Andes 21 23;Keye« Graeg.. — 1 20
Belcher 19 20; Lady Wash .. — (XJ
Best & Belch.l 15 1 25 1 Mexican 1 00 1 05
Bullion ...... 18 20| Occidental ... 79 81
Caledonia ... 58 t'0\ Ophir 2 70*75
Challenge Con 11 1." Overman 20 •>!
Chcl'.ar 08 Of) Potosl 08 09
Confidence ... M> 90 Scorpion 14 1« .
Con C & Va.1 15 1 20|Savage IS °o !
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher .. OS 10 i
Con NY 03 04! Sierra Nev .. 35 37!
Crown Point. 12 13! Silver Hill .. 52 5.1
East Sierra N — 0C| St Ixiuis — to
Eureka Con.. — 50! Syndicate 03
Exchequer . . 38 3S| Union Con . . 35 :{7
Gould & Cur. 19 20|Utah 14 15
Hale & Norc. 70 74 1 Yellow Jacket. 19 21-
Julia 05 07|
FLOW OP CAIiEPOBNIA WVERS.
The followinr tao!« jive* * coraparativ*
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet. Tha figure* for th»
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. O. Bennett,
nydrographer. United States Geological Survey;
TCOLUaPfE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
"— — — — Second Feet.
TZS^TSSTZ
June 28 8.100 5.895
June 27 5.410 8.879
June 28 4.800 8.570
June 29 4.810 S.S95
June 30 4,230 5.570
July 1 3.860 4.950
July 2 3.440 4.370
This report does not Include water taken
out of Tuolumne River In canals of the Tur
lock and Modesto Irrigation Districts.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
Second Feet.
DATE. "
1&03. 190*.
June 29 6.10O 8.850
June 27 6.10O 8.650
June 29 6.10O 8.650
June 29 6.100 8.65O
June 30 - 6.100 8.650
July 1 6.10O 8.3SO
juiy 2 : e.ioo s.330
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY* 9, 1904.
14
THE GRASS WIDOW.
HER IIA1K IS RED.
That Is the Color That Titian
Loved.
I>o Maupassant said that red
hair Intllcautl temperament,
hluck hair vitality, blondo hair
complaisance, brown hair medi-
ocrity, limner's pictures of
nomen show^ his love for red
hair. It Is u "convention union?
p«lnters to give red hair to
Mary Mnstlalcne. Will be given
you with the next Sandarti
CALL.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Alfredo Matteonl, 19. 1215 Green street, and
Z&Jra Majmi 19. 1215 Green street.
George A. Turner, 36, 2389 Pine street, and
May E. Johnson. 26, 143 Grove street.
- Walter H. Frost. 21. 1017 I street, and Clara.
A. Redell. 19. 221 Fell street.
Henry A. Frahm, 27. 156 Perry street, and
Catharine Heine. 18. 156 Perry street.
Otto J. Clausen. 2L city, and Mary Wil-
liams, 18, city.
Harry Grlnn. 21. 235 O'Farreil street, and
Fybil G. Fox. lfi Sacramento.
Albert F. Hall. 46. 2216 Fi/lmore street, and
Minnie L. Overbeck. 37. S22 Fulton street.
Eigurd Beutzen. 25, 154 Julian avenue, and
Emllie Enger, 36, Pan Mateo.
Ivan Brostrom. 41, 418 Jones street, and
Tenflla E. Wikbere. S5. 415 First street.
EIBTES— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
xna.ll will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of th« event are published once In this column
ti** cf charge.
BORN. .
'ABRAMOVVirZ — In this city, July 7, 1904, to
the wife of J. L. Abramowitz, a son.
6CHULTZ— In this city. July 4, 1904, to the
wife of C. F. Echultz, a daughter.
\PAKEFIELD— In this city. July 2. 1904, to
: th> wife of H. J. Wakefleld. a daughter.
aiARIUED.
pnj, — STANGLE — In this city. July 6. 1904
by the Rev. Georre W. White pastor of
Central M. E. CKurch, Alfred Bell and
Elizabeth Etarjrie. both cf Ban Francisco.
FORD— SHEPHERD— In this city. July 8.
1WH. by the Rev. G*orce W. White. Thad-
deus K. Ford of Long Pine. Nebr., and
liena Shepherd cf Alnsworth, Nebr.
•aicDOXALD — STEEUMAN — In Berkeley, July
6. 1SK>4. by the Ilev. William H. Scudder.
Alexander Wallace McDonald cf Ban Fran-
cisco and Acnes Steedman of Berkeley.
R£Y— FLUMfr-In this city, July 3, 1904, by
the Rev. Georg» W. White, pastor of Central
M. E. Church, Leon aiartin Bey and Emily
LUy Plumb, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Blma, John Vaclav Meyer Anna A-
Bohns, Dleancre Nickel, Herman
Bresnan, Hanors, Norton, Bridget
Carroll. Patrick Phillips. Margaret
Childs. Jennie Porterfleld (infant)
Costello, Margaret ijuinlan. Mary A-
Cunningham. Claire Reiter. James L.
Davis. Mr«. C. F. Scales. Amanda M-
Dcyle. EI!a A. Stephens. Mary Ann
Z>uflo, B«rtha Sullivan, Mar}'
Hartsough. Mary S. Tormey. Elizabeth
Horton, Horace A. Wallace, James D.
Lycett. Annie Wolleeen, Christine
BIMA— In Alameda, July S. 1904. John
Vaclav Blma, b»lov*d husband of Kathertne
Blma. and lather of John T. Blma. a native
ef Bchemia. aeed 70 years 1 month and 3
AayaL
POHNS — In Alameda, July 7. 1904, Eleanore
A., beloved daughter cf Louis and Emma
Bonne, and sister of Emil, Charlotte, John
end Eddie Bohns. a native of isan FrancUco,
aged 15 years 11 months and 2t> days.
C7"Friendti and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Eaturday July 9, at 'Z. o'clock, at the resi-
dence, l6S9 Santa Clara <avenu*. Alameda.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ERESNAN— In Vallejo, July 7, 1904, Hanora,
re-liet of the late John Eresnan, and mother
of John. Cornelius and Michael Bresnan and
Mre. Joseph Saini-son, a native of tbe parish
of Hospital. County Limerick. Ireland, aged
h~ year*.
EyFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Miss-ion street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARRtMrL — In this city. July f«, 19/>4, Patrick
Carroll, & native of County Kerry, Ireland,
e.ped bO years. -
C7RcnaiRs at the rarlors of McAvoy &
Co., 12a'.» Market ftreet, near Ninth. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
CHILDS— In this city. July 7, 1904 Jennie
C. beloved wife of Dr. B. N. Childs. and
mother cf B. Wheaton Childs, and eldtst
daughtfr of Thomas and Fannie E. Wheaton,
ard sister of Mrs. Dr. E. C. Love, a nutive
of San Francisco, ag<-d 34 years 6 months
and 21 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltrd to aJtend the funeral to-morrow
«Kunday>. July 10. at 2:30 o'clock, from the
J-:-ridence of her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Thon*as Wheaton, ltxa Thirteenth avenue.
East Oakland. Interment private,
COSTELLO— In this city, July S. 1904, Mar-
garet CoEteUo. beloved Fister of Mrs. Mary
Jamison, Mrs. Agnes Wilson and Michael,
Joceijh, Julia and Georg* Ccstello, a native
of Sat' Francisco, eged SS y«-ar£.
ICKernains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 MisFion etreet. between Seventh
and Eighth.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, Jufy 7, 3904.
Ciaire Eupenia Cunningham, daughter of
the late John M. Cunningham and Clara E.
L. FolgW. «eed 13 yeare.
CTFuncral *ervioes at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van Ness avenue. Saturday, July 9,
Et 10:30 o'clock. Interment private.
DAVIS— In Menlo Pa:k. July 7. 1004. Mrs.
Caroline F. Davis, widow of George B.
Davis, and mother of Dr. G. E. Davis and
Mrs. Carrie E. Clement.^ a native of New
York. J
C-^ 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
1= crematory chapel. Odd Fellows' Crmetery,
to-day (Saturday). July 9, at 11 o'clock.
DOYLE — In Boston. June I9W, Klla A.,
bfcloved wife of Charles V. Doyle, and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. R. Klein, and
filter of Mrs. Wilson A. Cros.«. Mrs. Harry
Titgler srid A. E. and E. B. Klein, a native
of Missouri, u-i ') «1 rcaxa.
OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July IO t at 1:30 o'clock from the Mission
Matonic Temple, 2tCS Mission str«*t. be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
under the auspices ot Mission Chauter No.
IM. O. E. S.
t>L'FLO— la thir city, July 7, 1904, Bertha
E. Duflo, a native of England aged 03
years. * j
KT'Remalr.s at the oarlors of United
Undertakers-. KBO Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
BARTSOUGH— In thi* city. July 7 1904
Mary Susan HartfouKh. beloved wife of C.
W. HartBouch, and mother of Mrs Frank
P. Wicken-ham, Mr*>. Belle Pfieater and
George L.. Helen and Leo Barker, a native
of Missouri, aged 04 years.
HORTON— In r.ast Oakland. July 7, 1904,
Horace A. Horton, beloved husband of
Joanna Horton, and father of Charles
Hortcn, a native or Minnesota, aged 37
years.
E7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servlc<*
Sunday, July 10. at 2 o'clock, at Native
Hon*' Hall. Haywards, under the auvoices
of KucaJrntus Lodge. F. and A. M. Inter-
rn«ot Lone Tree Cemetery.
r.TCETT— In this city, July 7. 1004 Annie
Lycett, beloved wife of the late John
Lycttt, aad mother of Frank A. and Ben J
Lycett and the late James Lycett. and ci-ter
of Elizabeth McDermott, a native of Galway
Ircland.
GrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Caturday
July it. at 8:30 o'clock, from the oarlors of
James ilcMenomey, Ac Son, 1C37 Mission
street. n»ar Seventh, thence to the Minslon
Dolores Church, Sixteenth and Dolores street
where a solemn requkm hlth mass will be
celebrated for the r*-jx>se of her foul at 9
o clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
2JEYER— Drov.ned et Camp Vacation Sonoma
County. Cal., July C. Anna A..* belov< d
daughter of Carrie Meyer, and beloved Rister
of Alfred. Edrar and Mortimer Meyer and
Sire. L. B. Simon, a native of San Fran-
k Cisco, aged 24 years .1 months and 20 days.
C7"Fticnds and acquaintancs are rerpect-
fttlly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), July 10, at 10 o'clock, from the
rerldence of her mother. SCfitj Pine street
thence by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets to Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery for interment.
KICK EL— In this city. July 6, 1004, Herman
Nickel, a native r.f Germany, aged 50 years.
No n £| Tjb * T of the - Waiters' Union. Local
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturdav
July ». at 3:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
this city, July 6. 1904, Bridget'
beloved wife of Patrick Norton, and mother
c. Michael, Mary ar.d the late James Norton
and Mrs. P. J. Lannin, and cousin of Mr*
William Jomes of Oakland, a native of Ire-
land^ aged «9 years and 7 months.
C-T Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited to attend the funeral to-dav
• Saturday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 127 Hartford Etre»t thence to
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where
A requiem mass will be celebrated for the
jepose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS — In Alameda. July 7. 1904 Mar-
raret Phillips, beloved wife of John Phillips
and «rioth>-r of John. Enunett, Owen, Orattan
nnd Jennings Phillips and Mrs. W u
Williamson, a native of Ireland, sx*d «2
years. (Baltimore, Chlcaxo and St. Louis
papers olc-ase copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral to-day
? Saturday). July 9, at D o'clock, from the
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to Et. Francis Church, corner
Vallejo »tr«*t and Montgomery avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-'
rr.enclng at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
riphteenth and Guerrero dtreeta.
PORTERFIELD— In this city. Jnlr',7. 1904.
Junes McGinn. Henry "«"«»"
i JAMES McGINN A CO..
Formerly Tl'lta McGinn Bros.,
— -Funeral Directors and Embalmers— — -
gl« Eddy st.; Tel. South 676.
Infant daughter of James P. and Maude
Porterfield, a native of San , Francisco.
QUINLAN— In this city. July 8, 1904, Mary
Alvlna. dearly beloved wife of John F.
Qulnlan, and mother of Ida H., Mary A.
and Willie I>. Qulnlan, and sister of Mrs.
Albertlna Ulsemer and Joseoh Groskoof. a
native of Alsace, Germany, aged 84 years
and 6 months.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), July 10, at 12 o f clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr A Co.. 1187 Mission
etreet. between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. ' Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
streets, for «ervloes at 12:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REITER— In this city. July 7, 1904, James
Lewes Relter. beloved con of James B. and
Ida A. Relter. a native of Iowa, aged 16
years and 3 days. >
SCALES— In this city, July 7. 1904." Amanda
M. Scale*, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
£4 years 5 months and 6 daya
E7"Friend» and .acquaintance are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 MiMion Ftreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
STEPHENS— In Victoria, B. C, July 4, 1904.
Mary Ann Stephens, mother of Mrs. John
Martin. Mrs. C. C. Ekewes and Mrs. G. I.
Williams and .Robert. Samuel J. and A. J.
Stephens, a native of England, aged 73
yean 2 months and 3 days. (Birmingham.
. Ala., papers pleaee copy.)
C7"Xotlce of funeral hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In thla city. July 8, 1904. Mary
Sullivan, beloved wife of the late Daniel
Sullivan, and mother of Frank. Lottie.
Joseph, Lena and the late Alice Sullivan,
Mrs. J. T. McGrath, Mrs. J. XV. Kane and
Mrs. H. J. Smith, a native of Ireland.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 10. at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, C37 Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for «*ervlcts. A requiem
high mau will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul on Monday, July 11,. at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TORMEY — In this city, July 7. 1004, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Frank Tormey, a na-
tive of Klldare, Ireland, aged G2 years.
dyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1612 FSUmore 6treet. thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be- celebrated for the repese
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.
WALLACE— In Prun«dale. Cal.. July 4, 1904,
James D. Wallace, father of Mrs. XV. R.
Lance. Mrs. Bessie Thomas, Mrs. Harry
Porter. Mrs. H. E. Falk and Walter, Albert
and Edna Wallace, a native of Kentucky,
aged 71 years fl months and 4 days.
WOLLESEN— In this city. July 7. 1904,
Christine M., dearly beloved daughter of
Fred and Marie Wollesen, and sister of Mrs.
Freda Minchull and William. Hans. Magda
and Walter Wollesen, a native of Santa
Cruz, Cal.. aged 23 years 8 months and 12
days. \
(CTFrienas and acquaintancs are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). July 9, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
residence of her parents, 2S08 Howard street.
n<>ar Twenty-fourth A Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. x
SAN FRANCISCO. July 6, 1904.
Whereas, It has pleased Almighty God to
remove from our midst our late brother,
Thomas Kearns; therefore be it /
Resolved. That we. the members of Jour-
neymen Plumbers, Gas and Steam Fitters.
Local JCo. 442, U. A., tender our heartfelt
sympathy to his bereaved family in this
their hour of affliction.
Resolved. That we deplore the loss of a
true, consistent and faithful brother.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be sent to his family and spread on our
minutes and that our charter be draoed in
mourning for a period of thirty days.
J. J. McFADDEX.
JAMES O. GRANVILLE.
JOHN LAYTON,
'¦¦¦'¦' .¦--'¦*. Committee.Miscellaneous Markets.
..'¦-- jr - - - - ¦ ¦ _. ¦
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots 7©
JHJc; Peaches. 5%#7>4c per lb. O!d crop-
Evaporated Apples, 5®7c: sun-dried, 3giVic.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2g2'ic for th« four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Murcatels. 4*crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4&c; 2-crown, 4o; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4e; 2-crown. 3»ic: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3 Uc; needle's
Muscatels, 3Uc; do floated. 3^c; Seeded Rais
ins. 10-ox cartons, fancy, 5Hc; choice 5*lc;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice, 4%c; In
bulk fancy. 5}*c; choice. Be: Imperial elns
ters' $3; Dehesa. $2 50: fancy. $2; London
Layers, 3-crown.- $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS — Walnuts.' No. 1 softshetl. 13ttfil4c-
No. 2. HH@12c; No. 1 nardthell. 13013Hc;
No. 2. lieil%e: Almonds. 11 He for Nonpa
reils. 11 V,c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9Uc for Languedoc: Peanuts. 64J7c for
Eastern: Pecan*. 1I©13<>: Cocoanuts $4 B065.
¦ HONET— Comb. HHG12^c for whit* and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted 5i*
6c; light amber extracted. 4^fl5c; dark.
3H«+C' • ¦ V ¦' ' •
BEESWAX— 27929c per !_
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of
20 cents per share, payable July 15.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay ta»
usual monthly dividend of 30 cents per share
on July 13. ¦
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany will pay a regular quarterly dividend of
$1 SO per share on July 15.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah
has declared a regular monthly dividend of
40 cents per sharf*. payable July 15.
The Ophlr Mining Company paid a dividend
of 25 cents per share, amounting to $25,2uo,
yesterday.
The- Julia Consolidated Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 3 cents per share, de
linquent August 11.
The Drinkwater Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 5 cents per share, delinquent
September 1. •
The City and County Bank of San Francisco
has re-elerted the old directors and officers.
The bank has to-day resources of $1,000,OCO and
a paid up capital of $250.CU0. A dividend of
$5 per share has been declared to stockholder*
besides a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
3.25 per cent per annum on savings deposits,
and a surplus of $10,000 has been set aside.
There Is nothing new in the local stock mar
ket. The Tonopah Mining Exchange Is still
doing a larce business la Its group of mines,
but trading on the other exchanges is small
and narrow.
All Stocks Except the Tonopalts
Still Inactive.
Kansas Citv.
KANSAS CITY, July 8. — Business at the
stock yards was suspended to-day and there
was no market.
OMAHA. July 8.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2300
active and higher: native steers, $4 C0®6 20;
cow* -and heifers. $3@4 CO; .Western steers. $3
©4 (io:- range 'cows and heifers, $2 £r>5?3 CO
HOGS— Receipts. »00O; lower; heavy. $5 20ffi
5 25: mixed. «5 \T,<Sb 70; light. $5@5 17U
SHEEP- Receipts. 2400; Western yearlings
$4 M@4 S5;ildaho spring lambs, $4 50@7.
Omaha.
CHICAGO, July 8. —CATTLE — Receipts
20CO; steady; good to prime steers, $5 40^11 so
poor to medium, $4 60©5 25; stackers and feed
ers'. $2C0?4 25; C0W6 and heifers, $1 00®3 50
bulls. - ?2@4 35; calves, $2 5l*gO; Texas fed
Steers, $1 50SJ5 15.
HOGS— Recfipts. 20,000; lower; mixed and
butcher*, $5 :J5fi5 60; rough heavy, $5 30®5 05
light. $5 35??5 50. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000; steady; -wethers,
$3 50g5 40; native lambs, $4@7 CO; Western
sheep, $4@4 CO. :
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
STOCK MARKET.
Silver Is %c lower. New York Exchange
has also declined. Mexican Exchange is higher.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 85*1
Sterling Exchange. Bight 4 S7&
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8VJi
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07 V,
Silver, per ounce 57%
Mexican Dollars 40 \'i @ 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 215
Berlin on London Lu~41
Paris on London .'.!25[2O
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The English markets were firm,
but not active. Liverpool futures were higher
and Paris futures lower.
The weather continued to bother Chicago
a good deal and that market rose from 84%c
to S5',4c and fell back to.84H«'. The North
west bought freely. SnowV estimate gave the
condition of winter Wheat at 7S.2 and spring
Wheat at 91.7, or 375,000,000 bushels winter
Wheat and 300,000 bushels spring Wheat. The
Kansas rains continued the controlling feature
of the market and reports from Wichita said
that the damage In that region would be 40
per cent, and that the trade does not realize
the, seriousness ot the situation. Minneapolis
wired that it wa« raining everywhere In that !
district and that It must cease at once cr there
would bo serious damage.
This market showed no change, except that
futures were weaker. The cash grain con
tinued quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27H®1 32^; California
White Australian, $1 52Vi$l 57%; Northern
Club. (1 30@l 35; Northern Bluestem. $1 50
in 65 per ctl.
FUTURES. •
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • Hiehl Low. Clos».
December ...$1 3014 $13014- $129% $1 29?{r
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 29% bid, $1 29 # asked.
BARLEY — Tht situation showed no change
worthy of note. Business was ¦ quiet, both in
the cash grain and futures. J
CASH BARLEY.
Feed J>ft@97V4c for new; old Brewing, $1 C5
.@1 07%; Chevalier, $1 02^i@l 10 for. fair to
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December .... 94H 04% QV.b 9i»i
2 p. m. Session.
December — 95c.
OATS — Reds are firmly held, offerings being
lighter. Otherwise there Is nothing new
Old crop — White $1 32HO1 35: Black, $1 15.
New crop — Red. $1 20igl 27>4; Gray, nominal.
CORN — The suspension of Importations of
.Western is said to be due to the overloaded
condition- of: the regular handlers, who have
got more. on hand than they can dispose of at
present. "The • market Is- quiet and quotations
remain as before. •
Western sacked. $1 45©1 47^ for Tellow,
$1 4501 47% for White and $1 43 for Mixed-
California large Tellow. $1 45@1 50: small
round do. $1 50«l B0; White. $1 45@1 50 per
ctl: Egyptian, $1 ."0Q1 05 for White and
$1 256 1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 S0@l 32 & per ctl. Samples Of
new • crop ¦ to . arrive are offering at $1 17$4@
127U. Some of them are plump and No. 1.
but the majority are pinched, and off grade.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at $1 70@2 per ctl.
Flour andMillstuffs. '
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 80;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 83@4 25
per bbt. • v
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: % Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn; Meal, $3 CO; extra cream do' $4 25;
Oat* Groats. %\ 60; Hominy. $491 25; Buck-
CHICAGO, July 8.-On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 13»A#17^c; dairies, 12@15 J /ic.
Eggs— Firm, 144I1.V.
Cheese — Easy, S®SWc
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. July S. — Cash quotations were
as follows:
Flour — Quiet and steady.
Spring wheat— No. 2, 0.">tjO7c; No. 3/S5«05c:
No. 2 red, $l©1.02.
Corn— No 2, 4iic: No. 2 yellow. r>lVJ«J52c.
Oats — No 2. C»aij?40c; No. 3 white, CO®
41 >A. '
Rye — No. 2. r.r.ft«<;c.
Barley — Good feeding, nSiST^'c; Fair to choice
malting. 42@5Oc.
Flax seed — No. 1, $1.12; No. 1 Northwestern
Timothy nerd— Prime, $2.95.
MesH Pork— Per bbl.. $12.70^112.75.
I^ird— Per 11)0 lb*., J6.92Hefi.lU.
Short ribs sides— Loose, $7.37^07.50.
Short clear s=!dps — Bosed. $7.2ri«?7.50
Whisky— Hafcls high wines. - $1.28. '.
Clover — Contract grade. $10.75.
Articles. A Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barreU .?.... 31.400 30.100
Wh.-at. bttuhels _7,000 26.400
Corn, bush«ds lSfl.200 60,600
Oat*,, bushels Ufl.lOO 123.100
Rye. bushels t... 1.000
Barley, buMiels 17,600 1 7,700
Cash Grain and Provisions.
PEARS-^Bartlett. $1 23<gl 40 per box; small
green varieties. 40@3Oc per small box or
basket.
PEACHES — J0©65c per box; baskets, 40@
60c; open boxes. $1.
' PLUMS — 5C@75c per box or crate and 300
50c per basket; Tragedy Prunes. 50® 75c per
package. ¦
FIGS — 25tfi40c for single-layer and 5O«J65c
for double-layer boxes; large boxes from the
river. $1.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella, $1 25
62 per crate; from Bakerjfleld, $2®3 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, $1 25fil 30 per box; Water
melons. lVic per lb.
GRAPES — $1(31 50 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 50©3
per box. as to size and quality; Valencia*.
$1 5O@2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 50©2;
Lemons. $2 25<g2 75 for fancy, $1 50@l 75 for
choice and $1©1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit,
$1 . r :0/{?2 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50 per case:
Banana?, per bunch for Central American
and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 50<9
2 50 per dozen.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 50085c:
baskets. 3C@40c; In bulk, 1Vj62V4c per Ib to
the trade and $l.Vfj:;o per ton to the canners.
APPLES — ?1©1 25 per box for choice and
C0<R7oe for common.
The boat with fresh supplies of Peachea,
Apricots and other deciduous fruits from So
noma had not* arri\-ed up to a late hour, but
receipts from all other sections were liberal
and the market was well stocked with all de
scriptions, excepting Cherries and crated Apri
cots. The latter were flrm at 75<@S5c per
crate and good hard stock, suitable for ship
ping, would have brought more had there
been any available. Several small consign
ments of Black Cherries came in from Santa
Cruz, but were not sold, having arrived too
late for the morning trade. Some 20- Ib boxes
of the May Duke varieties were received and
met with quick sale at $1 00 per box. The
market was overloaded with common offer
ings of Peaches and Plums and prices of both
ranged lower. Receipts of Figs continued ex
cessive and^ prices had a * further decline.
Gravensteln Apples were offering at $1 25@1 40
per box and occasional sales were reported in
a peddling way at a slight premium. Other
Apples were In free supply and unchanged!
Currants were in light receipt and firmly held
at high prices, while Berries continued weak,
with the canners taking surplus lots at the
minimum quotations. The Huckleberries that
came in from Sonoma on Thursday sold at
17^t?20e per pound. Citrus and Tropical
fruits stood as previously 1 quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— 32IB4. per cheat for Long
worths and $t 75#i :' for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2@3 per chest for red
ai;d $2<ff2 50 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50i??4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3 5C@5 per chest.
CURRANTS— Sees per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL 3IAKKETS.
dosing 21 40 20 40
Flour —
Opening 28 83 28 05 *
Closing 28 SO 28 10
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, July 8.— WOOL— Steady. Medl
nm grndf-a. combing and clothing. lSfi21Uc;
light fine. 17(ftl9e; heavy fine. 12@15c; tub
washed. 21<533c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
1 P 2£ T^ N P' July ».— WHEAT— Walla Wai
la. C<@09c; bluestem. 77c: valley, 7Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA July 8.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluectem, 79e; club. C6c
Northern Business.
SEATTLE^ July S.— Clearings. 5329.131; bal
ances, jnTr.siW.
TACOMA. July 8.— Clearings, $281,579- bal
ances. $4.3.307
PORTLAND. July 8— Clearings. $5S7.224;
balances $36,631.
SPOKANE. July S.— Clearings. $401,SS2;
balances, $3S,402.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T^ff
"%c per lb; White Lead. TVi©"%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — Prices were marked up .10c yes
terday. The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows, per lb. in 10<>-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.05c:
Powdered. 5.BCc; Candy Granulated. 5.90c: Dry
Granulated, ftne. 5.K0c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.80c; Fruit Granulated, 5.S0c; Beet Granu
lated <100-lb bags only). 5.70c: Confectioners*
A, 5.80c; Magnolia A, 5.40c; Extra C. 5.2."c:
Golden C. 5.20c; "D." 3.10c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels 2."vc more; boxes. 5t»o more: f.o-ib
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.30c: boxes. 6.55c; It. & E. Crystal
Domlnos 8.80c per lb.- No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JULT 8.
Flour, qr sks .. 37.53S! Screenings ska.. 20O
Wheat, ctls .... 9S0|Lime. bbls 3fS
Barley, ctls.... 8.:4.V2! Wine, gala 51,275
Oats, ctls 430] Quicksilver. Bks. 7
Tallow ctls ... 2*5l leather, rolls .. 21
Beans." sks «9! Pelts, bdls .... 1.245
Fotatoes. sks .. 2.725] Hldts. No. «C0
Onions, sks ... 3811 Wool, bale* ... 174
Bran, sks 510|Hops. bales ... 4ft
Middlings, sks.. lOOjHay. tons 470
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases lOl^c; Astral, lD^c;
Star. 19 %c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 28c:
Eocene. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; In cases. 22V£c; Benxine. in balk.
13c; In cam. 19^c; 8t)-degre« Gasoline, m
bulk. 23c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In caaes and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. $8 50; Bryant. $3 50; Beaver
Hill. »5 SO; Stanford. S7: Roslyn. $7; Coca
Bay. $5 50; Greta. |7: Wallsent!, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egrg, $14:
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $3 5O per ton: Coke $11 5O<31 M
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 Iba and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 54c per gallon for boiled and
B2c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. canes. $1 1O©1 12; Lucol, 45c
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut cases.
«2Vi©!<0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
&8c for Ceylon and 55a for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH. CSc; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whal»
OH. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH, 65c:
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
«Ic; light Herring Oil 42c; dark Herring OiU
40c: Salmon OH 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c: raw
Fl*h Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5Uc; Fan Quentln.
»5 *0: Wool Bags. 32©C3c; Fleece Twine.
7@Sc.
General Merchandise.
Weather Report.
«!2"th Meridian — Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 8 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
f.eisturts are reported for previous day from
KaFtern cities :
lit*ton 74-«4, Philadelphia 82-70
<"iti.-iun»ti M-<M>:\Vat--htnrton 88-C8
.TtickeonvIJIe !*>-74 New York . .. S0-M
5-t. Louis «2-6»>:
fan Fram isco 56-52
_____________
T- 2 2 - 2 3
-. * z - s H-i ° 2 &~ *
3 ;5 33 Si i o "€"
STATIONS. 2. =~ =•" =
" C " C — •* _
I . s g : : §
; e c ; • '.
Baker £S.M 7S El NW Cloudy
parson 29.72 74 46 W Clear .«»>
Eureka 29.98 56 52 NW Cloudy .VI
Fnaa 23. so 92 «2 SW Clear .00
S E-FarallGn.29.S7 5« 52 NW Cloudy .0W
Flagstaff 2».«2 7ft 42 S Clear .«>0
Pocatello 2».7fc )-..>; k Pt.Cldy T.
In-lsj^ndence .•_"!». 64 SS «4 FE Clear .0*
Los Arpelef. .23.92 7« «0 W Clear .00
Ml Tama!pais.2».r«4 59 M W Clear .Ort
North Head.. Sit. S6 5rt 52 NW Cloudy .00
Phoer.ix 2».72 HC 70 SE Pt.Cldy .<*>
Pcint _ey_t.,_3.9I .',5 49 nw Cloudy .0f»
Portland 29. 8S 7* TM NW Clear .<#)
Red Bluff 2».78 K2 60 SE Pt.Cldy .08
Rosrburit -_r«.94 m 54 NE Pt.Cldy .01
F«fTam*r.to ..2ft.»»fi 70 56 EW Clear .OO
f»tt I-ake h* m S Clear .04
Kan Francisco. 29. 9« TA 52 W Pt CJdy <«»
tr. L. ObiPi«j..29.96 7<t 52 w Clear "00
San Di'po 29.90 7rt »J2 jfW Clear 0f»
Bttittta 29.94 7S M NW Clear .00
Fr-nkan? ja.M M 02 NE Cloudy .00
T»to«sh SO. «K) M M V Fogrj' 00
Walla Walla. .23.*^ M «W NE Pt.cidy .01
Winn»mocca .».M 76 P2 NW Cloudy ' te,
"Vuma 2T<.7'> 1(K> 72 W Clear .<K>
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
cloudy weather prevail* from the central
r'.tkns of Caltrornta. and Nevada northward
and fair weather over the southern portion of
the Pa'-inc Slope. Light rain has fallen over
th<- northern platean *nd thunderstorms have
©c- urrf^l at Kaiii=p.-1. Boise, Winnemucca and
Vor-nrcl'.o.
The r>res<oire h*« ri^en slowly we*t of the
II'" ky Mountains.
The t'mp*rature has Titrn over Western
\V35hir.)rt.n ar.d fallen over the northern
jlateau. Thnurhnut the interior of CaMfornia
it if from 7 to 16 degree* below the normal.
Forecast made at fan Francl»>co for thirty
hour*. «»n<3inir midnljrht. July »:
Northern California— Ooudy in north por
tion, fair in south portion Saturday; fresh
westerly wlr.4.
fViuthern California— Fair Eatuniay: light
•west wind.
NevaiJt— Thunderxtormp in north portion,
cloudy in south portion Saturday.
Pan Franri*<-o and vicinitj- — Cloudy Satur- i
<J«y; fresh west wind.
G. H. WIU8OS, Local Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
a _ o 2 5
STATIONS. I" S. o * _ =
d«r«r__e 72 r.2 p ci«-«r <v»
folusa 73 R7 S Clear .CO
Eureka .V, r.2 NW Cloudy .00
Frceno 92 r* SW Clear .00
Har.forJ 87 Tut Clear .CO
Uolllstcr 74 M W Clear JiOO'
Independence s« iH SE Clear .00
Kins City 7« 5<> Clear .no
Livermcr*- 72 54 Clear .«O
I^)f Argtln 7C CO W Clear -.00
Merced 03 47 .... Clear .OO
Nei>a «2> U SW Ft CI3y .00
rC'weatUe M 43 S Clear .00
Newman '.12 DS Clear .or)
Talenno Si M Pt Cldy .00
Portervll> IK) «jo Clear .00
Rod Bluff *2 m KE Pt Cl<Iy .OS
Klverftide - -«* BC Clear .00
Sacramento '<> T«i BW Clear .OO
T^n Dl««o 70 «a NW Clear ' .00
?an Francitco r.'i r.2 W Pt Cldy .00
!= i n Jose "4 53 .... Clear 00
F*n Luis Obl*po 70 52 Cleat .00
'fanta Rota «« .V) Cl«_r .00
Ftorktoa "» M Clear .00;
U'Ulowv 82 80 S Clear .00
WCATHEH AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Ooverdale — Indication for uood orange crop '
Nspt — Continued cola weather; peacnee rlp
<r.;uf:: fair crop.
H"lUmer--Grarfc* doing well; prorpeet of:
h«-avy crop. ;
Kan Jn»e — Peaches lighter than la»t year.
RJirerfMe — Fpraylne black ccale last fall
rroved »>ff#ctjve.
Stockton — Fire* de*troyeid lanre areas of
harler and wheat.
Llvennor* — Hay baling In full bla«t.
Colu^a— Grapr* In pood condition; will - be
Urre crop.
Newman — Harvest Is nearly completed.
Hanford— Good prospects for grain and fruit.
Palermo — Weather favorable for all crops.
¦Willow* — Grape crop large.
Eanta Bosa— Cooler, foggy weather rtlll pre
vailing.
King City — Tcggy mornings. . - ' • -
GEORGE H. WILLSON.
BUTTER— Creamery at flm hands 21t?22c
for extras and 20c for firsts; dairy. 17#20c;
store Butter. 14@16c: cold storage, nominal.
CHEESE — 9@0%c for choice mild new and
S.7iS%c for lower grades; Young Americas. 10®
10%c; Eastern. 10(?fl5c; Utah, 12c per lb.
' EGGS — Ranch. 23g2tic for fair to choice:
store. lS(fT2Cc; Eastern. 20@22%c for firsts and
17@19c for seconds.
There was little change yesterday. Butter
continued easy, with a liberally supplied mar
ket and some overstocked houses, as pre
viously mentioned, were willing to shade the
quotations to sell. The feeling in Cheese was
firm and the demand was very fair, but Ore
gon is still a large shipper into this market,
and receipts from California producers who
have lately been holding back their product,
are Increasing, so there la no scarcity. Outside
points, however, will not pay over 0c.
Eggs have again advanced. Receipts fell
off sharply yesterday, as will be seen, and
some houses report choice ranch actually
scare?. Fancy Minnesota Eggs are quoted at
22 %c.
Receipts were 2.8.000 lbs Butter, 378 cases
Eggs and 24.R0O lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. July 8.— Supported by renewed
reports of uamage by floods in the Southwest,
the wheat market opened strong with ex
tremely bullish sentiment pervading the pit.
Shorts were active bidders for both July and
September deliveries and initial quotations
were at a sharp advance. July being up %Wlc
to lHc to iy 4 c at Ulc to 01V4c, and Septem
ber %«?%c to l^lVfcc at S5c to S5%c. Ad
ditional rains have fallen over a territory
extending from North Dakota to Texas. Ac
counts from the flooded districts in Kansas
and Missouri were alarming and news from
abroad was bullish. During the first part
of the session the market advanced, notwith
standing considerable liquidation, the July op
tion reaching 91%c. . •- lister, -however* . senti
ment among pit traders began to change. On
reports of improved weather conditions In
Kansas trading became general and during the
last hour prices broke to below yesterday's
final figures. The low point en July was
reached at SD%c and on Septembr at 83%c.
The close was weak, with July at 89 %c. Sep
tember closed i^ffiUc lower at 84c.
Corn opened firm, but weakness soon de
veloped. September closed en* %@v*c at 40%c.
Oats followed other grains. September
closed ',ic lower at 32%c.
Provisions were easy on large receipts of
hogs and higher prices at the yards. At the
close September pork was down 12%c, lard
was off 2%@10c and ribs were down 5@7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
July, old 02% 1)2*4 JW'M !>f-U
July, new... 9H4 01*4 S» S 4 P9%
Sept., old 87% S7% 85% S5«4
Sept.. new.. 85% 85% 83% 84
("lorn No. 2 —
July , 50 50% 48% 4S%
Sept 80% r.0% 40V* 41H4
Dec 47'i 47% 45% 45%
Oat» No. 2 —
July 3'.)*,4 3!)% 3S*4 38%
Sept 33 U 3:1% 32 V, 32%
Dec 34 . 34 33% 33%
Mess pork, per barrel — '¦
July 12 75 12 75 12 07% 12 72%
Sept. 12 07% 13 05 12 05 12 12%
Lard, per 100 Iba —
July 7 05 7 05 6 92% H 1)2%
Sept. .......7 17% 7 17% 7 05 7 10
Oct 7 20 7 20 7 12% 7 15
Short ribs, per 10 lbs. —
July 7 45 7 47% 7 40 7 42%
Sept 7 05 7 «7% 7 57% 7 <!5
Oct 7 67% 7 C7% 7 f2% 7 67%
Future Grain and Provisions.
' There Is more range in B<»ef, an ehnic«
Steers are In light «upply and flr"rn, whll» thin
stock is dull and weak. Otherwise quotations
for all descriptions remain as before.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 5€7c for Steers and 4S6c p» r ib
for Cow».
VEAL — Large. 7t?Sc; small. 833 % c p«r lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 838%c; Ewes. 7ffSa
per lb.
LAMB— O&lOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6U«J8%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, 'lesa CO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7^'g7%c: Cow» and Heif
ers. 5%««%c: thtn Cows. 4$5c per lb
CALVES — fS4%c per lb (grc&s weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®a%c; Ewes 2'aiiU a
per lb (gross weight). " *
LAMBS — $2 50^2 75 per head
HOGS — Live Hogs. 14O to 200 lbs 4«ic
2OO to 25O lbs, 4%c;*13O lbs and under 4%c*
over 250 lbs. 4V»c: soft Hogs, nominal-' Sows.*
20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
GAME— Wild Doves. 50@75c per doxen: Hare.
$1 50 per dozen: Cottontail Rabbits. $2 per
dozen.
Receipts of Game were about 20 ?acks and
consisted chiefly of Wild Doves, which were
easier Hare and Rabbits were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14^150 per Ib:
Geese, per pair. $1 2501 50; Goslings, $1 25-T3
1 50: Ducks. $3 50«?4 50 per dozen for old and
$495 for young; Hens, $4 50i@5 for large and
$4«4 50 for small; young Roosters. $7 5O@f>;
old Roosters, $4®4 50; Fryers. $5-85 50; Broil
ers $3 5O«4 for large and $2 5C®3 for small:
PtKeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25@
.1 5(» tor Squabs.
Th« car of Western Poultry, the fifth for the
week, that fame In on Thursday was not sold
In the u?ual way. but was distributed among
several retailers by the receivers. Receipt* of
Californlan Poultry were quite heavy, but
prices were no lower, and dealers reported a
good demand for good young chickens and
heavy Hens.
Poultry} and Game.
NEW YORK, July 8.— The forces In the
market making for higher prices made a stand
to-day against the reaction that developed yes
terday and turned the course of prices upward
again. Support was in evidence from the
outset and although considerable selling to
realize had to be absorbed in the early deal
irp». earning prices backward several times,
these offerings diminished and opened the way
for the late advance. The midday period was
decidedly dull and the movement of prices
indecisive either way. The events to which
1 yesterday's reaction was attributed continued
I in increased force to-day, but they proved
without effect on the direction of prices. The
support was derived from the sympathetic ef
fect of the strength of the local tra.ctton
stocks and the leaders of the week"s market
were conspicuoug buyers and bidders-up of
thes* stocks. With the impression thus created
that a leadership had been resumed for an
advance the relaxed. London afford
ed little assistance here, a feeling of disquiet
over the money situation providing something
of a burden for that market to carry. The re
ports overnight of the flood situation in the
Southwest were of a more serious complexion
than was the case yesterday and the drawing
out of the contest in the Democratic Con
vention might have aggravated the doubts
over the outcome, which were said to be an
influence in yesterday's reaction. But these
facts were ignored and no attention was paid
to the decided strength in the wheat market.
Th»- upward movement, which spread through
out the etock market in the afternoon, had it»
irtvption in Reading, which wa* lifted steadily
upward on the continued absorption of large
blocks of the stock. There was no apparent
news to account for the strength of this stock.
The ether coalers, however, made more mod- •
erate response in sympathy. The market was
h^Ii^ed by the very large irain In cash reserves.
Sub-treasury operations have contributed $5.
82.V*X> to the cash supply of the banks. This
Includes Government interest payments and
represents also the receipts of Klondike gold,
which have gained a considerable volume and
may be expected to furnish a source of ad
ditional supply for some time to come. Read
ing's two-point advance continued to lift the
market until the sliffht recessions just before
the closing on profit-taking. The closing wa«
therefore rather Irregular, but only slightly
below the best. - {
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$C. 870.000.
United States bonfis were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks^ — Open. High. Low. Close.
Atehieon 15,500 75 73% ~i%
Atchison pfd 1,200 04% 94% 94*4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 5,100 62% 81% 82»i
Bait & Ohio pfd 92
Canadian Pacific... 2.20i> 125*4 124*4 - 125 \i
Central of N J 600 160 165 1K5
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1,100 32*4 32% 32%
<"hlcagt> & Alton 3S
Chi & Alton pfd.. 100 80% 80% SO
Chi & Gt West „ 1354
Chi & N W 100 172 172 171%
Chi M & St P 16.3H0 145*4 144% 145%
Chi M & St P pM. 1OQ 178V4 178% 178
Chi Term & Trans. . 300 6% 6% 6«i
Chi T & T pfd 1,300 15*4 15V4 I5 3 i
C C C & St Louis.. 400 72 71 72
Colorado Southern. 1514
Colo So 1st pfd..<T 49
Colo So 2d pfd 100 21% 21% 20*4
Delaware & Hudson 2,800 159?4 158% 158%
Del Lack & West 209%
Denver & R G 21 *i
Denver & R G pfd 100 7C*4 "0»4 70
Erie 12.500 25% 24% 25
Erie 1st pfd 1.700 00% 69% 60V,
Erie 2d pfd 300 30% 36 353i
Hocking Valley e5«' a
I Hocking Valley pfd 82,
Illinois Central 7ti0 134 14 133% 13.JU
Iowa Central 200 18*4 1*% 18%
Iowa Central pfd 34'-
Kansas City So 21
Kansas City 80 pfd 40a/
Louisville & Nash. 1.70O 112*4 IIP- It'"/,-
Manhattan L 4.200 150% 14U% 1605k
Met Securities 1»,WX> 90 89% M<C
Met St Ry 28.200 118 U«% 116%
Minn & St L->ulf... 300 41% 44% 43
; M St P t fi S M.. 1.400 68; (57 «7%
: M S P & S H M pfd 100 124 124 12.1 5
Missouri Pacific... 7>00 91% itl 91 14
Mo K & T 30O 17% 17% 17l|
Mo K & T pfd 2.800 3.sy 4 37% 3*-?
Nat I1R of Mex pfd 37 y f
New York Central. 300 1171% 117 IK**'
Norfolk & Western 2, COO 5!) 58 68*.
Norfolk & West pfd *<;
Ontario & Western 21.400 2-S% 'jr t ¦ 27*4
Pennsylvania 21,000 Us' ll«*4 117:1;
Pltty C C & St L .'. «>
Reading 8,800 50% 4S% T,0K
Reading 1st pfd 1,300 83% 82(4 R3li
Reading 2d pfd.... 1,000 72',i 70>4 71 ii
Ilot-k Uland Co 1.500 21% 21% 21%
Rook Itland Co j>fd 500 Wi% OB »¦«»{. I
St L & S K Sd Pfd 1,000 48' 47 47%
St L S W .100 12 12 11«
BtLBWpfd JIOO 30% 29% :w
Suuth^m Pacific... 15.000 48% 47'i, 48%
Southern Railway.. 1,200 22»A 21*4 22%
pr.uth«rn Rypfd... ftfX) fie% S««i S6*i
Texas & I'aclflr... 3.20O 2ITi 2-itt 2**C
Toledo. St L A W.>. 200 25 «4 25 i'4(i i
T St L & W pfd... 10O 37% 37% 37>i
Union Pactnc 2S.200 91% 90% »l-%
Union Pucitic pfd.. .100 !WV 0^% 9.!% I
Wa v ha l h •;; 200 1(5 -« IC % 16 Vi
VahAth pfd 400 34U 34% 35
Wheeling & L E ".. 1514
Wisconsin Central. OfiO l"% 17*4 17 "
"Visoon^in Cen nfd. 400 39% 3»' 3;)
Mexican Central .. 10,500 S%, 7*i 8>i
Kx|>re*s Corar-anles^—
Adams «>25
Arrcrlcan 100 193% 193% 192
1 Lt-sted States 1C0 10D 100 107
, VW-Ne-Fariro 201
Miscellaneous —
, Air.tlgam Copper.. 6,a»<) 51^ 50% MU
Am Ur & Found.. TJX) 16% 15% 16%
Air. Car & F pfd.. 100 73% 73V4 73 «2
Am Cotton Oil Afii?
Am rot Oil pfd ¦" Z.i
Am Ie* )"' ' ¦' *¦};,,
Am Ice pfd 200 27" shy*. "fini
Am Linseed Oil .. .... h 7'*
*Ani Un Oil pfc! *¦* «i
Am locomotive ... 300 20U "hv, 20
: Am Locomotive pfd 200 S314 «w o-t
Am Smelt & Rcf.. 2.RO0 54<i rt.-!l ?•«£
Am Smelt & It pfd <JGO »7U n7 07
Am Susmr Ref ... 10,400 12stc i^raj i2sSi
Ar.aconda Min Co.. 200 74*4 74"^ 71 «
Brooklyn Rip Trns 20,800 51 ?a inu
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 31 -At ' Li '
Consolidated Gas.. 1,700 l»i} 105 ' 105
Corn Product* 200 n ji f.
Corn Products pfd. 100 . fig «k ii
Iiistlllers' Sec .... 3f)0 21 "l n\%r
Oer.eral Electric .. 50A 1S«»4 15714 jgijy*
In ttrnat Paper £O0 13% K fifl
Irternat Papi«r pfd 4C0 63% ay (jSu
Internat Pump ... 200 30% 30% 30
Internat Pump pfd 75
National Lead 1,400 21% 26%
North American .. .... ...'. ~«i?
l'tciflc Mail 200 20 2<j" 2i;i' ?
Pecple's O»s .2,000 JK»«4 UK% o«v
Prtwerf Steel Car.. 2A> 28 27^4 S7S
PmsMl S «;jr pf4. 200 T2 71% r»
Itillmim Pal Car .... .... 2*>0
Republic Steel .».. 100 7 7 "(j«
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 8.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. ehows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
July 7, with the percentage of increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
New York $1,098,517,118 ..." 8°4
Chicago 154,732,772 .7
Boston 125.704.832 4.4
Philadelphia 105.020.711 5*u
St. Louis ,. 43.S31.673 2.5
Pittsburg 40,000.300 2*6
San Francisco.... 2t5,{tO9,8S9 rt."
Baltimore ,. . 24,412.810 2 5
Cincinnati 2.1.857,750 11 .3
Kansas City 11,443,733 is*7
New Orleans . 12,103,622 4 'j
Cleveland 12,163.113 .a
Minneapolis ll.HH.SKK) ... ii'6
Detroit !»,954,lo7 0 •>
Louisville 11.7z4,I8« "l8 2
Omaha 0,059,521 ... s'i
Milwaukee 6.88H.342 i"s|
Providence ...... «.395,0«)0 ('('7 ' j
Buffalo 6.28I.B.15 «.2 ""i
Indianapolis 5.7U5 4S5 -•--]
st. Paul 5,ir.<;,t;ctt i:i\s 'IM
Los Angeles 6.4CS,t;i2 11 3
SL Joseph 3,487.712 ... w'i
Denver 4rSTJ.o02 "7*7
Columbus 3.898,8(X> .... lo'l
! Memphis :U97,1G1 ' w'o
Seattle 2.<;oj.«72 - " w'l
Richmond ' 4,812,252 '•'e
Washington 4,t;c2,704 14'c **"
Savannah 2,623,841 3~7 '"
Albany 3,733,042 13
Portland, Ore 2,951,053 flj
Fort Worth 2,538.092 3 0
Toledo, Ohio 2,861.611 6*3
Salt Like City... 2,4!)0.7;w 24 ****
Peoria 2.«10,075 7 0
Atlanta 2.4O7.CS2 ¦. . "«'l
Rochester 2,781,075 "7 j
Hartford S.829,t55« 12.4 '.'..'. \
Nashville 2,904,20:{ 74
De« Molnes 2.197,321 '2 2 '.'.' 1
Spokane, Wash... 2,230,018 3» '.'.'.'. \
Tacoma 1,507,104 .1 *""*j
Grand Rapids 2.422.534 30.1 **";
New Haven 2.9XJ.5.M 50 '.""••
Dayton 1.819,9lt ... is'i ;
Norfolk l.ftO4.{WJi 15.8 ! !
Springfield. Mass. 1,024,742 4 4 ---- .
WorcesUr 1.351.322 .... ir'h]
Portland, Me 1,070,177 "4
Augusta. Ga 1,009,400 40 4 '"*!
Topeka R15.104 ..!. "j'j '
Sioux City l,15O,7fll .. . 3V
Syracuse 1.425,177 5.0 ..i?)
KvanaVille l.lOJ.aifl ... 70
Birmingham 1,010.710 3fi'%
Wilmington, Del. 1.C48.230 ".'." ll's
Knoxvllle - 1,297.708 S.i'.i
Davenport 1,242,880 17.1 '.'.'.'.
Little Rock CS5.4SJ .... 36.3
Wllkcsbarre 1,(K)2,«14 iu o
Fall River 7!)2.!i(57 13.3
Macon :i:.:«,417 44 i
AVh'elir.g:, W. Va. «;70.2^O !«j
Wichita 818.CU0 50 7
Akron 47.1.400 so"o
Chattanooga 80C.514 . 411
SFrlnttfieli. 111.... 751,719 2l'A " !
KalamazoO, Mich. 651, S4G • 4 0
Yoiingatown 531,104 lh'bi
Helena 609, 12(5 17.5 " 1
Lexinstoi 689,11(J «17.<j
Fargo. N. D 430,484 .4 • .
New Bedford- 3S7.322 ..' • "2«
Cant on. Ohio 507.000 . i-j'.:
Jacksonville, Fla. ¦ 7O.1.74O 72.7
Lowell 450,246 .7
Ch»*ter. Fa 610,025 S.9
Greonfburg Pa.. 450,148 .... « 4
RvKkford. III. 414,487 8.«'
Binj?hamton 442.K00 10. 0
Springfield. Ohio. 372,27« .... "4'i
Blocmlngton, III.. 2S1.1.IB 14 3
Q'jincy. Ill 2.14.<4« jsj
Sioux Falla. S. D. 277.9SC. 31.7 . .
Mnnsflcld, Ohio... lSt,5.(2 .... 19 3
Dflrafur, 111 259,053 .... 17 7
Jacksonville. III.. : 2l2,(i24 .... : ;{,ij
Fremont, Neb.... l.!!),O44 .... 4.8
tHcuston 7.2»2.fi95 3.9
tGalveston 1,2CO,7'J2 10.1 ....
Cedar Rapids 303,503 ........
Totals. U. S $l.S6T ( .5fi9.705 7777 5.6
Outside N. Y... C07,()27,C87 .... 1,2
CANADA.
Montjtal $20,380,267 .... 20.2
Toronto • -17.414.8S7 ;... • 13.9
Wlnr.iper ' 6,fiS5,146 .... 4 •»
Ottawa 2,115,178 .... 10.5
Halifax- ».'.. 2,231.050. 4.0 " ¦ . : . . . .
Quebec 2,273,1«2 ..-.. a.Oi
Vancouver, B. C. 1, .174.050 • 0.0 1
Hamlltop I,r.«9.5»2 32.0 i ....
Lend' n, Ont..... l.lM.roe .4.0 ....
St. Jonn N.B... 0SI.1S1 .... 2.0
Bank Clearings.
The rate of discount In. the open market for
short bills is 2*iS2 3-ie per cent and for three
months' bills 2%g2>4 per cent.
Cons for money.. 80% N Y Central 120*4
Do for acct 89*4 Nor &. Western... 10%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd SI)
Atchison 70V« Ont & Western... 27%
Do pfd 97H! Pennsylvania 60U
Bait & Ohio !«;ilRand Mines 10U
Can Paciflc 12SW, Reading «4^i
Chee & Ohio :<2?4 Do Ut pfd -124
Chi Great West.. 14>i Do 2d pfd ."..V-i
Chi. Mil & St P.I48H So Railway 22<Hi
De Beers 19 | Do pM 89
Den & Rio G 22t£l<;o Pacific 41)
Do pfd 71 v4 1 Union Pacific 9.1*4,
Erie 25%l Do pM !»5}4
Do 1st pfd 61 |US Steel U
Do 2d pfd 3«%| Do pfd 59»i
111 Central 137% Wabash ]SU
I-oul* & Nash 114%| Do pfd no
M. K & Texas... 17!.;,' Spanish 4s 80%
Bar stiver— Steady, 20 11-ied per ounce
Money — 2@4 per cent.
i
Republio Steel pfd. 300 41% 41',4 41U !
Rubber Goods , 10%
Rubber Goods pfd. .... 70
Twin Coal & Iron. 000 37*4 37 37»,i
U S Leather 200 6% 0% 6%
U S Leather pfd... 200 S0»* 80% SOVj
U S Realty BTs
U S Realty pfd 57
U S Rubber 400 17>i 17 15
U S Rubber pfd C00 GSU OS «7%
U S Steel (5,200 11 10% 10',i
U S Steel pfd 31,100 58% 57«i 58% .
Westin?house Elec. 100 10S 158 158 j'
Western Union S7 j
Total sales ...454,100 (
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 8. — Bond transactions:
United Railroads of San Francisco — 12,000 at
$80 62H. 60.C0I/ at $S0 8T%, 31.000 at $S0 25,
60,000 at $80 12%. |
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. \
Common — Bid 4, asked 4%.' Preferred — Bid .
39. asked 40. « . :
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S rtf 2s r«B-- -104*4 ;L & S unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104%|Man con gold 4s.l0S%
Do 3s reg 105 |Mex Central 4s B2%
Do coupon Hti I Do list inc 14
Do new is reg.132%1 Minn &. St L 4s.. 00
Do coupon 132% | M. K & Texas 4s.lO0 r
Do old 4s reg.lOtiUi Do 2da t>0 [
Do coupon 100 U INK of Mex con 4s. T.s'i
Atch gen 4s 103 iK Y C gen J%s.. W\i
Do adj 4s U3 |N J C gen 5s 132V4
Atlantic C L 4s. i)S?i:Nor Pac 4s 104^
Bait & Ohio 4s...lOJ%| D o 3s 74*, ,
Do 3%s 94* 4 ;Nor & W con 4s.l0l •
Central of Ga os.lll OSL 4s & panic. 07?« '
Do 1st inc 7« ll'aconv 3%s »S
Che« t Ohio 4^8.105^1 Heading gtn 4s... l)b=i
Chi & Alton ilis. 1S%[S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 4s. 97 cS L & S F fg 4s. 82 .
CM &. SP gn 4s.lO7U|St Louis SW lsts. 05 ¦
C & N\V con 7s. 129=^ | Seaboard A L 4s. <JS%.
C R I & Pac 4s. 71 Vi So Paciflc 4s iKl%
Do col 5s Sltt'So Railway 5s 115 j
C.CC &. SLgn 4s.lOO^| Tex & Pac lste..H0 '
Chi Term 4s 74 jV. St L & W 4s. 71%
Cona Tobacco 4s.. i53HiL"nion Pacific 4s.. 104% I
Colo & So 4s S3%| Do conv 4s 10IV*
C F & I con 5s. C3% U S Steel 2d 5s.. Ti%
Den & Rio G 4s. 90*« Wabash lsts 117>4
Erie prior Hen 4s. 08 Vfe Do deb B 57^;
Do gen 4S 85% W & L Erie 4s... 91%
F W & D C lsts. 103%) Wis Central '4s... S&%
Hock Val 4%s...lO7»il
Boston Stocks and Bonds. , j
* * " ¦ - i . ¦ 'i _ " ' - ¦:¦*>¦¦ t . - 1
Money — | CX S Steel. ...... .. 10%
Call loans 2<g-S%| Do pfd 58%
Time loans 3@4%j Westing Common. 77
Bonds — I . Mining — 1
Atchison 4s 101 %| Adventure " 1*J
Do adj 4s 03 |Alloue« ' S%
Mex Central 4s... t>l%jAmal Copper .... 51
Railroads — |Amer Zinc 0 "
Atchison 01%|Atlantic 7% !
Do pfd 74**| Blngham ..... 24% j
Boston & Albany. 242 Calumet & H*c!a.4«9
•Boston & Maine.. 107 Centennial 21 :
Boston Elcv 151 Copper Range ... 43*»
Fitchburg pfd.... 136 I Daly West 22*i
Mex Central 8».4iDom Coal 41 :
N Y. N H & H..102 iFranklln 7 I
Pere Marquette... 77 iGrancy . .' 8 '
Union Paciflc 01% Isle Royale 8
Miscellaneous — |Ma.«s Mining 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13%! Michigan &%
Do pfd 73%|Motiawk 41%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 (Mont Coal & Coke 4 :
Amer Sugar 128% Old Dominion ... 12
Do pfd 12SVslOsceola 61 «-» '
Amer Tel & Tel. 12S*4! Parrot 24%!
Amer Woolen ... 11 XJulncy 82
Do pfd 76 Shannon 5*4 j
Dom Iron & S... 7*4 Tamarack 0'> !
Ed Elect Ilium.. .244 Trinity 4"4 i
Gen Electric 157%! U S Mining 21 '
Mass Electric lH»4iUSOil 10
Do pfd 73 lUtah 30% '
Mass Gas 30*4i Victoria 2^1 i
United Fruit K2%! Winona, 7 !
Un Shoe Mach... 50 I Wolverine 73 !
Do pfd 29?4| :
London Closing Stocks. :
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, July 8. — Tin showed. a slightly
further improvement in the - London market,
spot closing at JEU6 and futures at £110 7s 6d.
Locnlly the market was quiet, but a- little
higher, In sympathy with upot, quoted at
$25 75®2«i. • - ' . ¦ i '
Copper also worked up a little in the English
market, closing at £57 6s 3d ror spot and £37
5s for futures. The New York market was
qui-t but rteady. Lake Is quoted at $12 62' / i»j>
12 S7^: electrolytic, $12 60^12 75; casting,
12 25f*12 50
Lead was unchanged &t £11 15s In the Lon
don market and at $4 25(ff4 35 In the • local
Spolter was unchanged in both markets. It
Is Tioted at £22 in London and at $4 85©
4 95 in the New York market.
Iron wnr slightly lower In Glasgow, where
It clo«<?d at 51s sd. while Middlesboro closed
at 42s lO-jd. Locally Iron is quiet. No. I
foundry Northern l« quoted at $14 60@15; No.
2 foundry Northern -at . $13 75@14 25; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry southern
soft at $13 25«13 75.
Tig Iron warrants are nominal at $9.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 8.— Close— Money on call
was eary at 1S1V* per cent; closing bid, 1H;
offered, 1^4 per cent.
Time loans were Meedy with sixty and ninety
days at 2>-fi2 ! >i per cent and six months at
3*«e3»4 per cent -
Prime mercantile paper, 3>,4©4 per cent.
Sterling exchange was steady with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.6720@4.S730 for
demand and at $4.8520@4. W.S for sixty-day
bills.
Posted rates, ti S6®4 88.
Commercial bill*. *4 85©4 85%.
Silver— Bars. C5%c: Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Bonds — Governments, steady;, railroads, firm.
New York Money Market.
Chicago was weaker again, with a continu
ation of the halting tendency already noted.
Receipts of Hogs are larger than expected.
This market continued dull
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heary. 10%c for light medium. 12^c for light
13'4c for <xtra light and 16c "for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13^c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12t£c: Me?* Beef. $l<VfS
p^5O per bbl; extra Mess. I11S11 50: Family.
$12^12 50; prime Mess Perk. $14 30- axtra
clear $21; Mesa. S17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9' 4 c-
Pig Pork. $21: Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef."
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at GSfi^c per lb fnr
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels' pure
O'-ic; 10-lb tins, »\c; 5-lb tins, » T ; C - 3-ii» tin*
10c.
.COTTOLENE — One half barrel. R%e: three
half barrels. SVjc: one tierce. SV»c; nvo tierces.
8c; five tlerc«a. 7T«c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Mall advices from New York say of Hcpa:
"Telegraphic advice* received from the Coast
reported a »ale cf S'ty bales of choice Sono
mas at 22^2C. Crop prospects on the Coast
were reported as favorable. No new develop
ments were reported from up the State or
abroad. Business with brewers continued
slow."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brand* »<»I1
about '/air under quotation*. Heavy Salted
Steers, »Uc; medium. £>c: light Sttc; Cow
Hides. 8»4c for heavy and Sif.c for'llsrht; Stagj
6c: Salted Kip. 0c : Salted Veal. 10c- Salt-rJ
Calf. 10U,«nic: rtry Hi-les. lfic: dry kin \:if
dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<g i tCc
each: short Wool. 4L v Sf!.">c each: medium 75'r?
Me; long. Wool. $1S1 50; Horse Hides," »a!t
$2 75 for large and $2$?2 SO for medium $t ti
trl 75 for small and 50c for Colt*. " Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larv? and $1 50 for
medium. $1®1 25 for small and 30c for Colta
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: <lry Central American. "Oifi.'.-i'^c
Goat Skins— Prime Ansoras, 75c; extra large
do. $1 25; large and smooth. 5Oc; medium. 35c:
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4#tVic per lb-
No 2. 3Uc; grease. 2t~f?3c.
WOOL-^SprinR Clip — Hutnboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@l»c: San Joaquin and Scuth-rn, 12
months'. 10^12c; do 7 months' JVglic r^ r ib-
Middle Counties. 13'817c for free and 12©lSc
for defective: Northern. 16SlSc for free and
14iR16c for defective; Nevada. 13@16c, accord
inr to condition
HOPS — Nominal at 2^27^0 per lb for Cali
fornia. Wl. Contracts for 1DC4 crop are quoted
at 17W©2Oc
'"The wtather during last week was varia
ble. The 2*th and 29th were very hot. after
vhich it turned cooler and good rains fell in
tfaa eastern sections, but none of coneequence
occurred Sn the western part cf the State. In
the Willamette Valley the drought •ontimies
and all late crops are FuJIering and badly need
rain. The fail grain harvest has Just begun
and it VtS become general in about a week.
The crop lc good nrarly everywhere, except
In the Grmnde Ronde and Powder River valleys.
Tvh*>re it vtr badly damaged by the frost of
last. week. The frost in that «ection was un
usually eevere. and. besidos damaging grain
In the head, it cut all tender vegetation to the
ground and injured considerable fruit. Spring
frrain is doing poorly, especially In the Wll-
I«nvtte Valley and in Southern Oregon, where
it <s heading bo short that fears are entertained
that many flrlds will have to be cut for hay.
"Good progress has be^n made In harvest-
Jnp the hay crop, much of which is now eafe
3y secured. The yields are generally reported
light, et-petia.il>- timothy, which in a number
of localities turned out to be aJmort a failure.
Vetch yielded well and clover was but slightly
below the average. Hops, corn and potatoes
tit<:-d more rain; potatoes have Buffered the
most. Hops, although etill green, have not
thfir usual vigor at \his season of the year.
an-i the growers do not expect a full crop.
Some dtnu{( to the alfalfa by grasshoppers
is reported, but otherwise all crops are re
markably free from insect pests. Ap;>les con-
UzRM to (tot promise of pood yields, and it is
• z!'"-ted thai a fairly good crop of peaches
ui'l bt picked."
The report of E<Sw«.rd A. Be*!*, section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregro'n Crop Bulletin for the week ended July
S, is hs toUowy:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
EASTERN MARKETS.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 41@1 50 per
sack and $1 5O$f 1 75 per crate; Asparagus. 4*J
7c per lb: Rhubarb, 4i>titii;o per box; Garden
Peas. 31£ig24c per lb: String and Wax Beans,
2©4c per lb; Lima Beans, 8<810c per lb; To
matoes In small box^s and crates. 75cg$l;
large open boxes, $1 50f?l 75; Summer Squash.
40®60c p«>r box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl: Carrots,
$1 per sack; Cucumbers, 5(HS75c per box; Gar
lic. 3%«t4c per lb: Egg Plant, 5§7c per lb;
Dried Peppers. 8©10c for sun-dried and 12'i"*
l^c per lb for evaporated: Dried Okra. 12 1 4 i a
15c per lb; Gre»n Okra per lb; Green
Peppers, 8c per lb for Chile and SglOc for Eell.
POTATOES — New Burbank* from the river.
$1 5OiS2 per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $2 25 per
ctl: Early Rose. $1 CC^l 75: Garnet Chiles.
$1 CO<S1 75; old Potatoes. ?1©1 25 per ctl.
ONION'S— New R*d> $1(8 1 10 per sack; SU
versklns. $1 3501 50 per ctl.
The market for new Potatoes developed an
easier tone, as receipts were heavy and there
was nothing doing In the shipping line, all
orders having been filled on the preceding; day.
Small sales of whites were still reported at
$2 25 per cental, but there was not enough
sold at this figure to justify such a quotation.
It was stated that Seattle and other Puget
Sound ports have ceased baying here, as those
markets are being supplied with the home
grown article. Sweet Potatoes from Coachella
sold at 15c per pound. Good aound offerings
of red Onions were firm at unchanged rates,
but there were very few received and the
quotations were largely nominal. Silverskina
were plentiful and weak at a wider range of
prices.
The general tone of the market for mis
cellaneous vegetables was one of easiness, sup
plies of nearly all descriptions being far In
excess of the demand. Tomatoes declined
again under liberal arrivals and carried-over
lots of Summer 8quash were selling as low
as 25c per box. Green Peas and Lima Beans
were In limited supply and / steady, while
everything else was abundant and easy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
Provisions.
Seeds show numerous changes. Nlles and
Blackeye Peas are not offering at present.
Canary Seed continues very firm. There is
nothing new In Beans.
BEANS— Bayos • ?2 40®2 55; Pea. $2 90(g3;
Butters, $3: small White. $2 83@3 10; large
White. $2 30©2 60; Pink. & 4C©3 50; Red.
fi 2.-.ft4 50; Lima. $3 30@3 40; Red Kidney*.
$4 75315 : Blackeye. $2 05® 2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2©2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $t 2504 60; Yellow
Mustard, $2 30@3; Flax. $1 «0©2 25; Canary.
6H@7c; Alfalfa. 14i4@16c; Rape, l%S2»4c;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp 3V4©3%cr per lb: Millet.
2»*e:{V4c; "Broom Corn Seed. $2C©21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet, but while demand is light holders chow
confidence and prices art? held firmly. Com
mon is quoted at 4#5Vic; prime, 8%@<lc;
choice. G'iSO-'Uc, and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES— Showed effect of light ' local
stock?, particularly of some Oregon grades,
which rule firm In tone, with prices ranging
from 2%c to Cc. according to grade and de
scription.
APRICOTS— Are quiet, but firmer: choice
are held at 9Vj«H0e; extra choice, 10Vi@10Vic.
and fancv at Il«il3e. ¦'
PEACHES — Show no change; choice are
quoted at 7®7'4c; extra choice, 7>-A@Sc, and
fancy at OVi@lGc.
NEW YORK. July 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11.7U0 barrels; exports. 11,600 barrels; firm,
but with light business.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1000; No. 2 red. nominal
elevator and ?1 11 U *• o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, . ?1 04% f. o. b, afloat.
Wheat advanced eaxly.vbut on realizing sales
the market broke sharply, last prices showing
a partial fgc net decline. -July closed .93c;
September. S8?ic; December; 87%c. - .-
HOPS— Steady. . . . • .
WOOL— Steady. ¦
MOLASSES— Dull.
SUOAR— Raw and refined, firm; "¦¦ No. 6,
4.65c; No. 7, 4.ti0c; No. 8. 4.55c; No. 9. 4.50c;
No. 10, 4.45c: No. 11, 4.40c; No. 12, 4.35c; No.
13, 4.30c; No. 14, 4. 25e: confectioners' A,
4.90c; mold A, 5.40c: cut loaf and crushed,
5.75c; powdered, 0.15c; granulated, 5.05c;
cubes, 5.30c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 9Va@12c. Fu
tures closed steady at a decline of 10@15
points. Sales. 52,000 bags. Including: Sep
tember, fl.lOc; December, (5.35c; March, 6.t$5c
to C.70c: May. 8.65c. .•
BUTTER— Quiet, steady.
CHEESE — Irregular.
EGGS— Steady.
DRIED FRUIT.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
] Fall-street Stocks firmer on the. day. Cotton also firm.
Local Stocks and Bonds about as before.
Silver and Domestic Excliangc lower. Mexican Exchange higher.
Wet weather still affecting the Wheat market.
Barley and Oats quiet. Corn market liberally stocked.
Hay zceak, Bran easy and Oilcake Meal higher.
Considerable cJiange in Seeds. No variation in Beans.
Potatoes in ample supply and weaker. Onions ditto.
Supplies of Vegetables in exec ss of the demand.
Poultry in good supply and rat her weak.
Fruit market overloaded with Peaches, Plums and Figs.
Provisions quiet here and elsewhere.
Wool, Hops and Hides unclian ged.
Choice, large Cattle firm, but thin stock weak.
Sy.gar marked up .ioc per pound.
Butter in liberal supply and quie t. Cheese firm.
F-ggs continue to advance, with fine ranch getting scarce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Oilcake Meal Is higher. Other Feedstuffs
remain unchanged. Bran Is still easy and af
fected by the recent liberal receipts from the
north.
Receipts of Hay are lighter again, but the
market continues weak at unchanged prices.
BHAN— #£i<it-£i per ton
MIDDLINGS — $2t©29 per ton.
SHORTS— $221*23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Earley, $21022 per
ton: Oilcake, Meal at the" mill, *U SVg32 50;
jobbing, $3:;; Cocoanut Cake. $22®23; Corn
Meal. $:;0 00031 60; Cracked Corn. $31«.{2;
Mixed Feed. $22W22 SO: Hone Beans. tio@V>
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 9Oc per ctl
HAY— New crop— Wheat. $1C®12 50; Wheat
and Oat $10<@ll 50; Oat. $7'aU; Barley and
Oat $7©3; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7i@9; etock,
$C®7; Clover. $7 50@10; Alfalfa. $7®9 50 per
ton.
STRAW— «0@S5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
-Victoria, B. C... 470,195 13.6 '...".
Total*. Canada. $55,687,023 ! 12.8
tNot included in totals bocaus« containing
other Items than clearings.
'Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, July 8.— COTTON— Futures
opened strong. August, 10.75c; September,
9. (57c; November, offered O.UOc; December,
0.62c; January, 8.C2c; March. 9.71c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 20 points higher.
Middling uplnnde, 11.25c; middling Gulf, 11.50c
Sales, 71S bales. •
Futures closed steady.. July, 10.74c; August,
10.77c; September, 9.7Sc; October, . 9.65c; No
vember, 9.47c; December, 9.50c; January, 9.64c;
February, 9.06c; March, 0.00c.
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb.lO©12^| Leeka. dz bunch.l5@20
Artichokes, do*. 40W50I Mushrooms. lb..50cfi.<l
Beets, do»en 10®— f Onions, per lb...2«4@3
Beans, white.lb. 0*f — [Okra. dried lb...20ft—
Colored, per lb. CO — } Do, green lb...— @25
Dried Lima, lb. — <H 6! Potatoes, old. Ib.lV.^a
Green Lima .. — <gl2%| Do new, lb..2»4@ 3
Cabbage, each .. S01l)| Parsnip* per dz.l5«20
Celery, head ... 50 10| Radish**, dz bch.l5<fJ20
Cress, dz bunch.15® — | Rhubarb, lb 30 5
Cucumbers, doz. 1035201 Sage, dz bnches.2."«i —
Oarllc S®10! String Beans lb. 5@ 8
Green Peppers,lb.lO©15| Summer Squash.
Dried Peppers . .10«f20| per lb 3<S 5
Egg Plant, lb...— <SflO'»*>inach, per lb..— ® 5
Oreen Peas, lb.. fi<3> *rrhyme. dz bnchs.2. r )®3!)
Green Corn, doz.20@4f •"urnlps p«T doz. — *?15
Lettuce, per doz. 15@30j Tomatoes, lb ..10<gl2i,i
FISH—
Barracouta — ©lftlRockeod — *MS
£a«T> 10ffl2U|Sea Bass — 1»15
Catfish — 012m Smelts — «15
Codfleh — «m%! Soles in<f?15
Flounders 10®— Skates, each ....10«?13
Halibut 1P@— I Squid ...._©_,.
Herrinsr SiflOl Tomcod 1O«—
Mackerel .— @—\ Turbot 20<!?—
Do horce 15ffi — (Trout (375
Rorkflsh — <fT12>4!Whltpflsh '. .iOff—
Salmon, fresh . .ir.*?2Otciamfi pallon . . «<1W
Do smoked ...1.WC5! Do hnrdshell. lb SS10
Sardines If©— |rr«irflsh — iff—
Shrimps —0—1 Crabs, each ...\2V,<U"o
Sl»«d 10ffl>— IMumpIp. lb 12U.Wir,
Mrlppd Baj« ...ir»W20!Oyster«. Cal, lfm.4O(».'vO
P erc h 1C(B— t Do Eastern dz.30<S40
Fomplno — @50|
FRUITS AND NUTS— v
Alligtr Pears,ea.20625| Huckleberries, lb.— @25
Almonds .1^8,20) Limes doz lOftiilO
Apples 4© 8i Lemons, doz ....U@3U
Apricots, lb ....— @ 5| Loganberries, •*
Blackberries, per I per drawer . . .20^25
drawer * 25@35| Oranges, choice, dz2oQ»'0
Cranberries, qt.. — #251 Do common . ..15ft2O
Cherries, lb 15«i20| Peaches, lb 4@ 8
Currants, lb .... — glOj Plums, lb 4® 6
Cantaloupes, ,-a. 5@15| Pears, lb 3® 5
Pecans —«20| Pineapples. each.254t5O
Brazil Nuts . .. .200— | Kaislns. lb 10@15
Bananas doz ...250351 Raspberries per
Chestnuts 1W?2O| drawer 35® 10
Cocoanuts, each. — tf? 10! Strawberries,
Figs, dried, lb.. «<fflOl per drawer .-...20C40
Do. fresh, lb.. 5® S|Tangerlnes. doz. ..10SJ15
Grape Fruit, dz.75c«»1 I Walnuts. p*r ib.lCtftM
Grapes, lb 12%®15| Watermelons. ca.20@40
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.75c@$lj Ducks, each 65c©$l |
Do small 50®ti0|Geese. each... — @$l 50
Young Roosters | Goslings, $1 75#2
each 75c@fl| Pigeons, pair ... — @50
Old Roosters, ea.50@U5ISa.uab!! per palr.GOigTO
Fryers.* each ...«55@75|Wlld Doves.dx.— €$1 23 '
Broilers, each ..35©50|Habblts. each . .*04f2.\ ,
Turkeys, per lb.2E@27| Hare, each -..—©25.
MEATS, PER POUND—
Roast Beef. (Mutton Chops ...— ®15
choice cuts ..10@20,Fork- Chops — ©15
Do plain 10@12HiVOttl Cutlets 15'tflS
Roast Veal... 12%@lo| Corned Beef — @ 8 <
Roast Pork .. .12^©15|Btef Stew 8®10 '
Foreqtr Lamb. —^12% I Mutton Stew ...5© 8
Hindqtr Lamb. . .— @15| Veal Stew 101212^ :
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10jSf.up Meat 5@10
Ltv. Mutton © — 10:Soup Bones .... 4@—
Tndrloin Steak.KtHSlSIHf.ms 13«1« |
Purtrhse Steak. .If ®20 Bacon 15020;
Sirloin Steak..l2H@13|lork Sausage.. 12»£&15 .
Round Steak ..10@12W Chipped Beef ...2u«— '
Lamb Chops 15@2d|lard 12^©—'
Fiesh Fruits and Vegetables are plentiful
and several kinds are cheaper this -week.
Huckleberries are offering, but they are rather
scarce and are beyond the purse of the aver
age buyer. Gooseberries have disappeared and
they are dropped from the list.
With the exception of Wild Doves, which
are cheaper all kinds of Poultry and Game
stand exactly the game as quoted last week.
Meats and Fish have changed but little.
Eggs are dearer. and sclll higher prices are
expected before long. Butter is still plentiful
and unchanged. >
COAL, PKR TON'. '
Wellington .$—010 00 New
Seattle $—0 8 50 Wellington $— @10 00
Roslyn $ — @ 0 00 Wellington
Richmond ..$ — & 9 50 Nut $ — @ 8 00
Greta. .: $ — @ 9 00 Coos Bay....? — & 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq. 40^45 1 Eggs, per dozen
Do good 30Q35 Ranch — ®30
Do packed, lb.— ©25 Common J_Vi&25
Cheese. Cal . ...KXg 15 Honey, comb, lb.15020
Cheese, Eastern. 2(K/ H5 Do extracted . . 8©10
Cheese. Swiss . .25@35
Family Retail Market.
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $4:
Farina. $4 50; Whole ' Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats hbls, $7 25@S HO; In sacks. $8 75©
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 SO per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULy 9. 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — •-..- ; • July. Sept.
i Opening ........... ...-. 6 5% 0 6tt
. Closing '. 6 6% •- 6 6*4
| PARIS. ; , • , .
Wheat — ., , July. Nov.-Feb.
, Opening 21 05 " 20 93
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE £*
PALO ALTO. SATURDAY. July 9. at U
?• m - I w «» sell the contents of the EL CAP-
r ITAN STABLES, consisting of 45 good horses.
4 Shetland ponies (perfectly gentle), with har-
ness, 3 large wagonettes. 2 thres-seaters; *
good surreys. 10 buggies (open and top). 4O
sets of harness (single and double), whips.
robes, blankets; in fact, everything that goes
to make up a first-class livery stable. Every-
thing MUST be aold. No reserve nor limit.
JOHN J. DOYljE. Auctioneer.
Office 327 Sixth st;. San Francisco.
WILSON, The Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY.
i SATURDAY, July 9,, 10O4. at II o'clock a. m.
Residence of M. J. Brandenstein, Esq.,
2005 FBANX-XR STKSET.
Between Washington and Jackson.
Balance after storing art treasures all at
your own price.
WILSON. THATS ALL.The sum of happiness' Increases" with the de
craase of fear. - The user of "Old Gilt Edge
Whiskey 11 fears not 111 health, nor : Inclement
weather. Wlchman. Lutgen & Co., 29-31 Bat
tery st.. S. F. ;•'¦ ','¦',' *
DRISCOLL ESTATE.— The appraisers of
the estate of Margaret E. Drlscoll yesterday
reiwrted to • the Superior Court that lt was
worth $27,300. consisting chiefly of real estate
at Seventeenth and Capp ¦, streets. .
The overworked Eye. the faded Eye.
the red and inflamed Eye. the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murlne Eye
Remedy. No. smarting. ,' • . •.'--*?;' ?¦
Government Red Tape.
Government], red tape was disclosed
yesterday in the matter of the applica
tion of the citizens of Santa Cruz for
the attendance of the revenue cutter
McCu'lloch at certain festivities to , be
held at that port on June 11. Prior to
that date the McCulloch was ordered
to take the place of the revenue cutter
Bear in Alaskan waters, and the Santa
Cruz people thereupon requested the
department to send the revenue cut
tr Manning thither. A reply r was re
ceived from Washington, , D. C, -¦ last
Thursday, July 7, but as the 11th of
June had long since gone by the Santa
Cruz Promotion Committee have no
thanks to offer.
MEXICAN WOMEN DEPORTED— Martin*
Valcnte Qulntero and her daughter Rafael
were deported to Mexico yesterday by order of
the United States Immigration Bureau. They
arrived here from Altata. Mexico, • on the
Kteaiher Curacao on July 10, both • without
means. Their relatives residing here are un
able to assist them.' The mother, ls suffering
with double cataract of the eyes, and she and
her daughter were deported on the ground that
they were likely to become public charges.
To enter Tosemlte Valley at Inspiration
Point" and leave' lt by Glacier Point Is to re
ceive the most Impressive views possible. This
Is done only on the Raymond -Wawona. route of
the Southern Pacific— the route that takes you
through Wawona and the finest groves of all
the Big Trees over an oiled stage road. Ask
for ! Yosemtte and Big Tree folders, and full
Information at 613 Market street. . *
Yoscmltc From Inspiration Point.
Superior' Judge' Graham yesterc_y
upon the hearing of the application
for a writ of habeas corpus ordered
the release of Marie Berry, who was
held at the city < jail as. a witness
against two men who assaulted her in
South San * Francisco. Ethel May
Thomas, a friend of the girl, vouched
for the latter's appearance in court
on Tuesday, when the trial against her
assailants will be called. The girl
was taken into custody . as a witness
upon an affidavit presented to Judge
Fritz by a policeman, who represented
that she might not be on hand when
the case was tried. .-'
Girl Ordered Released.
LOCKE ESTATE SETTLED.— Superior
Judjte Troutt, fitting in Judge Coffey'i court,
j-etteniay ordered the final distribution of the
estate of Fllas M. Locke, who died January 23,
l!»03. The estate was appraised at $227,859 73.
VALUE OF LOWKY ESTATE.— The estate
of William J. Lowry has a value of $143,
523 27. according to the report filed yesterday
by O»e appraiser* appointed by the Superior
Court. The principal property is located at
Pleuart and Howard streets and Sacramento
and Dupont rtreets. worth $41,000 and $40,000,
re* pectively.
At a joint meeting of the represent
atives of the various lodges of the
Knights of Pythias of this city held
Thursday evening the preliminary
steps were taken to arrange for a
grand reception to be given to Grand
Chancellor R. F. Burns, head of the
order in the domain of California, at
the' Alharr.bra Theater during the
current month.
It was decided that there shall be
an evening of entertainment. Including
a welcome to the visitor, response by
him, presentation of a jewel to Past
Grand Chancellor Sargent, vocal and
instrumental music and specialties by
members of the theatrical profession.
To Welcome a Knight.
Miss Lee Kue, Chinese cattle queen
of Arizona, Is in town. She arrived
unostentatiously and has taken up her
abode In the Chinese quarter. As yet
she has not shot out the lights of the
district nor has she attempted to dec
orate it with a carmine streak after
the custom of cattle queens of five
cent fiction. Miss Lee Kue is a most
peaceable and refined cowgirl. She left
her shooting irons at home near Phoe
nix, Arizona.
She is here on her way to China as
an escort to the ashes of her father,
who died several years ago and must,
according to custom, be buried in the
Flowery Kingdom. While Lee Kue is
thousands of years ahead of her own
race, she still clings to some of its tra
ditions. Therefore her father's last
wish will be religiously carried out.
Since she was fifteen. Lee Kue. has
had full charge of her father's ranch,
which brings an annual income of $10,
000. Every detail of its working was
managed by he,r., With a staff of ad
miring cowboys she superintended the
branding and the rounding up and she
rode with her own herds into Phoe
nix.
Her life contrasted almost grotesque
ly with that of her sisters here and in
China. While they seldom saw even
the little corners of .the world in which
they lived, all Arizona was Lee Kue's
to wander over. Her sisters covered
their faces from the sight of men. Lee
Kue goes forth among the sterner sex
of her own land and of America, jokes
with them, quarrels with them and
bargains with- them- shrewdly. While
her sisters toddle on their uncertain,
pyramid feet, Lee Kue leaps into the
saddle of a bucking mustang and
rides with the best cattle puncher in
Arizona.
Farming and horticulture are open
On the other hand the cattle queen
would hardly care for them. If she
brought Ah Kee or Fat Sung to Phoe
nix as her husband, his skin might
promptly be perforated by some of
Miss Lee Kue's narrow-minded admir
ers among the Alkali Ikes and Tucson
Charlies.
When Lee Kue returns from China
she will continue to manage the ranch.
If she decides to. take in a partner, he
will not be' led to the altar by his pig
tail. Lee Kue does not admire long
hair oh men. The fortunate husband
will be "all samee white man."
Marry a woman who rides astride
like a "white devil" upon a prancing
horse and no doubt has a Colt 45
cc-quettishly tucked away in her hip
pocket? Not for Ah Kee! Not for Fat
Sung! Not for any of the Beau Brum
mels of Chinatown!
Lee Kue is small and trim. Except
for the frank, fearless look in her
oblique eyes there is nothing*^n her
appearance to distinguish her from the
conventional Chinese girls cooped in
arbors of lilies and occupying their
time in wondering how the street be
low them looks. But the desert tan
of Arizona is on Lee Kue's cheeks and
now years of indoor life would never
make them pale. She belongs to the
strenuous Hfe.
Though Miss Lee Kue is an heiress,
she ls not regarded in Chinatown as
a matrimonial prize. She is so mar
velously "new" that the eligibles fear
her.
books to this Chinese girl of twenty.
Most of the markets in Phoenix are
provided with fruit and vegetables,
from her ranch. When the cattle were
not occupying all her attention she
would rise before dawn and drive a
four-horse wagon loaded with produce
into town.
The young ladies were quickly resus
citated, and a few hours later were
none the worse for their experience.
Two of the occupants, being unable
to swim, sank immediately. They
were Miss Corinne Lindstrom and Mrs.
S. S. Raymond of San Francisco. The
former was rescued by Miss Virginia
Goodsell, also of San Francisco, an
expert swimmer, who was bathing
near by. Mrs. Raymond would have
been drowned, but for the fact that
Dr. T. H. Morris of San Francisco,
who was in a boat near by, plunged in
without # stopping to remove his
clothes, dived to the bottom and
brought her to the surface.
The Russian river at Monte Rio was
the scene of what might have been a
fatal accident on the Fourth. The
guests at that resort were all assem
bled on the beach enjoying the
aquatic and other sports provided by
C. F. Carr, when the attention of the
crowd was attracted by screams from
the occupants of a boat in midstream.
The boat was upset through the care
lessness of two of the occupants, who
attempted to change positions. The
river was crowded with boats, to
which most of the unfortunates scram
bled.
Occupants of ltowboat Attempt to
Change Their Positions and Craft
' Is Upset.
WOMEN' HAVE A NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DROWNING
CHINESE GIRL, WHO SUPERINTENDS A CATTLE RANCH NEAR PHOENTX,
ARIZ. THOUGH SHE IS AN HEIRESS. ELIGIBLES AMONG THE LOCAL.
CELESTIALS THINK THIS MAIDEN IS A BIT TOO STRENUOUS.
Will Inspect Smoke Consumer.
The members of the Health and Hos
pital Committee of the Board of Super
visors will visit the Sanitary Reduction
Works next Wednesday morning for
the purpose of inspecting the new
smoke consumer installed in the plant.
A. Sbarboro, president of the cor
poration, notified the committee that
the foul odors heretofore disseminated
would be abolished by the new con
trivance.
These notes total $1,244,502 79. Before
the failure of the firm some reductions
made, as the books show that
when, on June 9, Topping surrendered
the books the firm owed but $1,105,
27S 82, a difference of $139,583 97.
Attorney Ach then moved to strike
out all evidence taken from the books
on the ground that Jacob Eppinger was
not directly connected with the entries.
The court denied the motion, and the
prosecution rested its case, with the
proviso that in view of the vast amount
cf testimony taken during the last
month it have the privilege of reopen
ing.
The defense has not as yet outlined
its case, but it will probably be based
on the contention tha.t if fraud were
committed it was without the knowl
edge of the defendant, who was ill and
paying but little attention to business.
Henry Wadsworth, trustee of the es
tate of Eppinger, bankrupt, began suit
yesterday in the United States District
Court to recover from Pauline Ep
pinger, the wife of Herman Eppinger,
a $50,000 policy of insurance issued on
June 6, 3889. on the life of Herman
Eppinger and alleged to have a paid-up
•value of $18,066.
The complaint charges that Herman
Eppinger assigned the policy to his
wife with intent to hinder, delay and
defraud his creditors. Wadsworth asks
the court to direct Pauline Eppinger
to assign the policy to him and to di
rect the life insurance company to ac
cept the assignment from Pauline to
himself.
W." "W. Topping, former bookkeeper
for the Eppingers. was again on the
stand. As a preliminary question At
torney Campbell asked the witness how
much the firm owed the London. Paris
and American Bank on April 14, 1903.
The question was objected to by Attor
ney Ach for the defense, and in reply
Campbell argued that the evidence
ehowed that every note of any conse
quence was paid, or payments were
made on it, by Jacob Epplnger.
'Was Jacob Eppinger the head of
the firm?" was asked.
••Yes."
"Was the general financial business
cf the firm done by him?"
"Yes. He was the head of the firm,
and my orders as to the entries in the
books now in evidence came from him."
In answer to questions by Attorney
Campbell ihe witness then testified that
the following amounts were due banks
on 14, 1303:
London Paris and American. $339,700: Co
lusa. County itank. $132, 400: Isa&c Conn. $101.-
OOit; Angio-Califomian Bank. $e5.000; London
and Kan Krancisro. JS4.8O0; American Xa
tional. $02.000 ¦ Comtoir d'Eseompte. $49,600;
Nevada National. $49,550; Wells -Fargo. $54,900;
San Francisco Savings Union SM.ROO; First
National Bank of Fresno. $13. S5O; First Na
tional Bank of Stockton, $12,500: Klrst Na
tional Bank of Oakland. $27M 78; Mrs. Ray
Vertneimer. JUXW; C. W. Clark, $11,471 71;
P Sweeney. $10C0; H. J. Schuman. $^532 60;
J. II Gl'.dp $12,076 45; Galland & Aaronson.
$10,000; Bank of Yolo $57.S>00; Bank of Wood
land $22.. '<74 II; International Banking Corpo
ration. $32.<«X>: Moses Blum. $4000.
The prosecution aimed to show yes
terday, by means of the note book of
the firm, that the Eppingers had bor
rowed money when they knew they
were hopelessly involved, also that
money v.as borrowed from one bank
and "'kited' over to another to bolster
up the credit of the tottering grain
dealers. The book showed that be
tween April 14 and June 9, 1903, the in
debtedness of the firm on notes had
been reduced almost $140,000, but this
elill left the Urm owing over a million
dollars, while new loans and renewals
of old ones had been solicited.
After a tedious day spent in the ex
amination of records, the prosecution
in the Eppinger case rested provision
ally yesterday afternoon. Monday
morning the defense will place its first
¦witness on the stand, but the attorneys
fcr Jacob Eppinger say positively that
they will occupy only a few days in
putting in their case and it will go be
fore ihe jury at the close of the com
ing week.
Aged Robert Allen's tragic death at
the hands of Buonorno Maranta, a fel
low patient at the City and County
Hospital, on June 29, was investigated
yesterday by Coroner Leland and a
jury. The story as told by the wit
nesses was to the effect that Maranta
was insane at the time he beat and
kicked the old paralytic to deaths and
at the same time the fact was devel
oped that in the absence of the attend
ants the patients have no means of
summoning help in case of fire or
other emergency.
After reciting that Allen was 72
year3 old, and that Maranta, while in
sane, killed him, the verdict reads as
follows:
We furthermore believe that the attendants
of the City Hospital were in no wise to blame,
and we believe the occurrence to have been
the rerun of a lack of facilities— a bell sys
tem and lack of special rooms for special cases.
Allen was a paralytic and also af
flicted with deafnes3. He was con
fined at first in a large ward with other
patients, but was . so restless and
noisy that he was placed in a small
room downstairs where his cries could
not disturb the other patients. For a
similar reason Maranta was placed
with him. . Maranta was hysterical,
laughing and crying by turns, and he
often cot up from his cot and made
the rounds of the beds, shaking hands
with the patients and yelling, crying
and laughing at all hours of the day
and night. Both men were locked IVi
a room by themselves and were vis
ited at intervals by the nurse and the
physicians.
Coroner Leland called attention to
the fact that patients in such cases
had no means of summoning help in
case of fire or a sudden hemorrhage,
except by shouting for assistance and
taking chances of not being heard.
It leaked out in the testimony of the
female nurses that the orderly in
charge of the ward in which Allen and
Maranta had been confined had ab
sconded from the hospital with one
dollar that the patients had intrusted
to him for the purpose of buying
things for them. None of the wit
nesses could remember him by any
name other than that of "Eugene."
Maranta, hopelessly insane, has been
committed to the State Asylum at
Ukiah.
The last day of my life at 5 o'clock I got
up to lock for work, but in vain. I came
home and write these lines. I am done with
the world. I will receive information at 9
o'clock this evening and I will wait that long
to see whether I will get the place that was
premised me. 1 wrote to Montana last -week
for assistance but have not heard anything
yet. My local relatives are rather cold
toward me and are ashamed of me. I am
tired to live this way further and long for
rert. I was always modest and satisfied with
little and sought to help everybody when it
was In my power. Since three months I am
not well, which depresses me very much. Old
«K« is coming on and many desire young peo
ple for work. I am ashamed to lay hands on
myrelf, but It in the only remedy. To-night
I viflted two places where I thought I was to
get something, but in vain, t will yet write
a few postal cards and then, farewell thou
beautiful vale of tears! Good-by to all.
f HERMAN' NICKEL.
Aftr telling his pitiful story in a let
ter and attempting to excuse the des
perate deed, Herman Nickel opened a
gas valve without lighting it in his
room at 67 Tehama street last Thurs
day evening. When found yesterday
morning he had been dead for hours.
The unfortunate man was 50 years old
and a native of Germany. He had oc
cupied the room for four years and had
been employed as a waiter until two
months ago. . Since then he had been
unable to find employment. He was a
member of Waiters' Union No. 30, and
that organization has taken charge of
his remains.
The following Is a translation of a
letter written by Nickel:
San Francisco. July 7. 1904.
Prosecution Rests Its Case
and the Other Side Will
Have First Inning Monday
Despondent Waiter Gives
Up the Battle and Bids
Farewell to the World
Helpless ; Patients Locked
Up in a Small Room So
That They May Not Annoy
READY FOR DEFENSE
NO WORK FOR OLD MEN
STBAXGE- FACTS SHOWN
Books Show That the Banks
Willingly Passed Up Coin
to the Grain Merchants
Coroners Jury Exonerates
Hospital People From .All
Responsibility Therefor
Herman Nickel, Unable to
Obtain Employment, Turns
on the Gas and Expires
She Rides the Range, Superintends Branding and
Rounds Up Her Herd— Local Celestials Marvel
at This Strenuous "New Woman" of Their Race
LARGE LOANS
TO EPPINGERS
ALLEN'S DEATH
UNAVOIDABLE
SUICIDE LEAVES
PITIFUL LETTER
MISS LEE KUE OF ARIZONA
IS CHINESE CATTLE QUEEN
COMES AGAIN
INTO CUSTODY
Charles 3Iurray, Alias Kent
3Ioore, Who Escaped From
Folsom Prison, Captured
Charles Murray, alias Kent Moore,
who escaped from Folsom penitentiary
on May IS by dressing himself in the
clothing of a lineman, was arrested on
Church street yesterday afternoon by
Policeman George Weatherford while
trying to sell a horse and buggy that he
had stolen from the Mascot stables, at
1108 Golden Gate avenue. He was taken
to the Seventeenth-street station, where
he was identified by Policeman Connell,
who with Sergeant Sylvester arrested
him in May, 1903, on two charges of
grand larceny. He was removed to the
City Prison later and the Folsom au
thorities were notified.
He has a mania for stealing rigs.
On May 25, 1903. he stole a horse and
buggy from Kelly's stables, 1629 Pine
street, and four days later stole a rig
from the. Excelsior stables. 1000 Geary
street. He was convicted in Judge
Dunne's court on two charges of grand
larceny. On July 11. 1903, he was sen
tenced to serve ten years in Folsom
penitentiary, and made his escape on
May 18 last.
He tried to sell the rig he stole from
the Mascot stables yesterday to John
Shea, who lives at 215 Church street.
Murray was indignant at being arrest
ed and protested that the rig belonged
to him, but he subsided when Police
man Connell identified him at the sta
tion.
Murray has a bad record. He escaped
from a reform school in Illinois and
came to this State. He was soon ar
rested and was sent to the Preston Re
form School till he was 21 years of age.
After his discharge he returned to the
school and stole some machinery. He
came to this city and was arrested on
the two charges of grand larceny. He
is now 23 years of age.
Want Assessments Reduced.
Applications were filed with the Su
pervisors yesterday for reductions of
assessments from Nellie and Kate Mc-
Pike on. a lot on Taylor street, near
O'Farrell, from $16,090 to $10,000; Lizzie
Mulr and Bell Curtis,' on southeast cor
ner of Kearny and Sutter streets, from
$362,500 to $204,500; O. F. von Rhein, on
a lot on Turk street, near Jones, from
$26,820 to $21,600; lot on northeast line
of Third street, near Jessie, $32,600 to
$20,900; O. D. Baldwin, lot on Third
street, near Minna, from $55,570 to $45,
000; E. D. Block, lot on Sacramento
street, near Montgomery, from $12,250
to $6950.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .SATURDAY, jJULY 9, 1904
16
BALE'S. ' I HALBS -
Saturday Offers Her Quota of Values for
Sweetser-Pembrook Sale
I ¦ 1 Interest has kept at top notch all week.
A 4- 1-1 -^ 1 i~*.J r*> Each day nas brought out something new.
J\\, 119,1© It>s the unusual prices that have kept
• I things on the qui vive.
Stir in Children's Coots.
$5.00 Silk Coats at $395
One of them pictured here— black, heavy peau de soie— lined through-
out—deep pointed cape effect over • the - shoulders— trimmed with
fancy braid and cream lace medallions— large bishop sleeves— turn-
.^jtt* over cuffs trimmed with fancy braid — ages 6 to 12 years
U>^H It's an opportunity to buy the little girl a dress coat such
as has not come before this- year. A splendid value at
3^6^S $5 00 Told about for the first time to-day at $3.95.
g**E&3k We're Kettin* ready for fall— we need room.
•SgggjgXr Other conts at $3.95 in cloth.
Jggjl&SS&£& AUTOMOBILE COATS. CHU^BES'S anXITABT
S9Bs^E9 $3.95. JACKETS, $3.95.
vOKHKr Dark navy— made of light Blue and tan mixture —
mmn w w ker ,r y - tu rn; e d r e c d uffs re d ma oi
velvet collar. notched ferown cloth _ trimmed
lapels, full puff sleeves with f ancv ? nt braid —
V H 1» * — pointed cuffs — lap and small Kilt buttons —
* Bi&% pockets— six fancy but- six gold buttons down
W^«2fc tons down front — 6 to 14 front — ages 6 to 12 years
w years — >3.95. — $3.95.
From Sweetser-Pembrook Sale. First time to-day.
Boys' 20c Stockings 1 0c Pr.
Best stocking value we've had for boys..
Heavy bicycle rib — fast black seamless cotton stockings — extra long
and elastic, with double knees — size 6 to o$4. That's the best stock-
ing news mothers have heard in months. No one should fail to take
advantage of it — it's a value that comes directly from the Sweetser-
Pembrook sale to us to sell at just half-price — ioc instead of 20c pair.
Girls' Stockings at 12k Pair
Regular 20c Stockings — Another great Sweetser-Pembrook value — ribbed
seamless, fast black cotton stockings — medium weight— extra long and elas-
tic — sizes 5Va to 9Vi — worth 20c pair — 12%c to-day.
Women's 35c Stacking^, 15c pr. — Im- Woman's 50c Stockings. 35c pr.— Fine
ported Hermsdorf black cotton — quality black lisle thread, allover
Rembrandt rib from toe to top — extra lace openwork, with the new garter
long: and elastic — full fashioned dou- top; double soles, high spliced heels
ble soles, heels and toes — sizes S to . — sizes 8 to 10 — worth 50c pr. — 35c
10 — worth 25c pr. — sale price 15c pr. to-day.
Ramona Chocolates 9c — 2c — 15c
The candy that has taken the town For Glassware,
by storm. And here's what the prices stand
The candy that fairly melts in your f or _ some o f the best values we
mouth and cries More —that s have cver had _ and Hale's glass-
the reason we ve been selhng so warc va]ucg have a , B been
much of it this week. It certainly noted First
has made a hit Try some for 9c ioT Spooa p^.
your Sunday candy. handled olive dishes — cake plates —
Ramona Chocolate Chlpa — 35c lb. — The nut or candy bowls^ — made of lmita-
purest chocolate — covering a mo- tion cut glass — splendid forgeries —
lasses chip. finest clear crystal glass — fire pol-
Bamona Chocolate Sweets — 20c %-lb. lshed — all at 9c.
box— Different flavored chocolates — At 15c— 9W-lnca Cake Stands— Clear
better than French creams. crystal glass.
¦D Sm «».. t«- <-,-„-¦ ™ nv A <».i.«.. »a_ 2c for Tumoltrs— Here s a bargain
B^x^De'ir e .ou C s! e^om C e h0 t C o 0l t a h1 II 7to?e f^^PJ 5 S»JSSL tO iS^'T"
ssss chVs 111 let you taste the choco - S5to^^firs{i h .?i«v^i?JS-:sis
dozen.
Special Saturday Values in Paraffine Wax, 12c for a Ib pk e .
' J Pure refined parafflne — regular 20c
Chilflrpn'c DrPCCPC Women who are doing their canning
WIHlUrCU 2> LJrC&SeS. wlll know wha £ a barg^n lt i S and
A* Q5r> won't wait to share it.
Of percale or German gingham — in Dt*11O* Slinf1rie«
light or dark shades— yoke effect uru S OUnuneS
with bertha over shoulders edged T n~tr Prirr?
with fancy wash braid or narrow Oli mm
lace— full puff sleeves— wide gath- Hale's Dandruff Cure. 39o— Large bot-
ered skirt — 6 to 14 years— 95c. tie — cures dandruff and helps the
a *. o 4 *%p~ growth of the hair.
At 2> 1 . 25 Hair Brushes, 75c — With genuine bris-
Linen crash sailor suits— deep sailor « e^7f t ° e lid W °° d backs — that wont
collar, trimmed with red or blue ¦roii«*so«T» m« 'har 2 Pa v., i n >wr
salatea— puff sleeves, gored skirt, tha\ cleans nerfecUy— SaT
collar and cuffs edged with fancy d _£{: v , ol t? perfectly— na
wash braid-sizes 6 to 14 year.,. b «St£{£ »«mover. SSo stick-Re-
~~ moves the tartar from your teeth.
i*»<^ /$/ 'jtf5» Sea Salt, 25c bottle — Bradl«*y"s Wood-
1*!/M/ <*&*& O&* &3£ Z± S» land Violet— put it in the bath and
£jn jggj -** ! " c * s^ 'naP'^^^^&^r 1 vou can have the "ocean-at-home.**
£&f — . - — ~r~~^^ Tace Chamois. 7c— It's a large one —
QOOSjSy' soft— splendid quality.
„ , "~ * „ „• . rae« Powder, 5c box— Tuscan powder
Market Street, Near Sixth. in white and flesh color.
AQfllid Bpqoo BpQfltifnilf l\linVol Plitorl Unnooliniri qti/I CivriiitiTin' Qnoido Bpdd tn Wont A Yl ¥ p pti o dpc in TVTdvt QnnrtoTT'o Poll
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfora (rood
Pocket Knife
With two or three blades. Made
of best material. Constructed for
daily usage. Blades of finest tem-
pered steel. This is a tip-top
value for $1.00.
RAZORS, in all standard makes,
as low as $1.00
STAR SAFETY RAZORS, regu-
lar price $2.00. My price.. $ I. o<>
SCISSORS from 25c up.
Razor Strops. 23c and up.
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap,
15c.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., above Powell.
Better Than
Champagne
CT""^^""^^^^ Costs No More
Golden
Gat>e
%|pXoffee\
Sold on Merit*
Aroma-tight tins
J. A. Folgcr £ Co.
llir^l Balsam :
I ; Promotes the growth of the hair and \ '
. 1 ; glTes It the lustre andsaMaessof youtH. ; I
, - When the hair la gr»7 or CuSed tt «
!; BR1HCS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. I ;
J [ It prevents Dandruff mod hatr f*Tt»ng ; ',
;; and keeps the scalp clean and UealtHy. ! ;
\-Htfct— "mit ttt%ltttutt |
U1V CCUrB rrorapt raltaf. Chm nn\(n»,l
fl A I it ¦ tfl s > m Pton»sneT«r return Atom-
*ND A^THU fl tlonal CURE. b.k Co rr...
«W I niHM ¦ Writs at oaea for It, to
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.
WT Sale Ten Million Boxes aYearT^
|\| %&k^ CANDY CATHARTlC^a^^ ||
J PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES III
I j Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as fpS
P I quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels p|
t-A poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, ||a
I ; I dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and S|a
!''i the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The propt r ¦ IH
J.l thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body *§§]
Ll everyday — not gfve it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. Egg
F I You will slop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and Eg3
I j healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not
r I harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take- KH
[¦ $ in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. Bq|
t 3 All druggists. 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet m&
Eg stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and Bjjj
W*. booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 6 35
MARKS BROS.
=For =
$5.50 Pique f%(%-
Skirts.... ZPKJC
They're Ideal summer Run-About Skirts
for city or country wear. Trimmed in
folds, stitched In white. ¦ Blue or black
ground, with white dots.
$1.25 Linen *9 1
Waists.... £ 3C
These waists are elaborately tucked.
Full pouch dip front — extra full sleeves. A
Ferviceable up-to-date waist.
$4.00 Summer & *> C
Wool Skirts.... ify&.ijj)
These all-wool summer-weight regulation
walking length skirts are perfect flaring
and perfect fitting- A rare value at $2.:>r>.
35c Novelty 15 C
Veils.... I 3C
These flowing mesh veils are 1>£ yards»
long. Come In" all colors. . .
25c Children's 1 *% 1 _
Hose.... I^2C
They're the bicycle ribbed hose that wear
like Iron. Double heel toe and knee —
fast black.
Ribbon
This Is a splendid quality of taffeta silk
wash ribbon; in all colors; 2 Inches wide.
$1.25 Women's Qf\^
Vest.... O7C
Imported Swiss ribbed wool mixed long
sleeve vests in pink, blue and white. An
excellent value.
,4f^>\ SHIRT
(ff$lffi:\ WAIST
Here's a swagger summer shirt waist
suit, stylishly piped in black. Full flaring:
skirt. Graceful pouch to waist. Charm-
ing cool white background, with fancy
figures. ' . .
Marks Bros.
The Home of Honest* Values.
1220-1222-1224 MarKct St