VOLUME XCVI— NO.. 35.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY; 5, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PENNSYLVANIA LEADS OFF IN A STAMPEDE
TO THE STANDARD OF PARKER AT ST. LOUIS
1
9
WICHITA. Kans.. July 4._Betty
Burr. 2 years old. died at 2 o'clock this
morning from the effects of burns. A
Eky-rocket caused her hair and dress to
take fixe.
Child Dies From Burns,
SAN JUAN. P. R.. July 4.— Judge
Beekman Winthrop was* inaugurated
as Governor of Porto Rico to-day. The
ceremonies were opened by the firing
of a national salute.. followed by an im
posing ¦ patriotic demonstration.' The
city- was : profusely * decorated."
Governor Winthrop in Office.
GUERNEVILLE. July 4. — Louis
Montlcelli. a young lad of this place,
will lose two fingers and a thumb as
a result of the Fourth of Jujy. Louis
ignited a large fire cracker and when
it failed to explode he promptly made
an examination too hastily. The hand
was badly lacerated and amputation
jnay. be necessary., .
GuerncvIIle Boy Hurt.
Political News Continued on Page 3.
. ST. LOUIS, July 4.— "Because he is a
straight-out Democrat of the bpen-and
above-board I type, a - man who stands
for .the ' Democracy which r Jtia.s- come
down j to us from the fathers, and , in
my opinion far and away the strongest
man whom the Democrats can put into
the field,' I heartily favor the nomina
tion* of Judge Gray, of Delaware for. the
Presidency," f said * Senator J> Tillman v of
South Carolina to-night. * "Until - the
Says '.' Cleveland's Name Will Be
Howled Down in Convention.
TILLMAN FAVORS GRAY*.
KNOXVILLE. Tenn.. July 4.— The
Carolina delegation to the Democratic
convention passed through here late to
night. The delegation is for Parker as
long as' he has' a chance, while Cleve
land is the second choice of a majority
of the delegates. The delegation has
decided to place : the name of Senator
Benjamin Tillman before the conven
tion as a candidate for Vice President
Starts a Tillman "Boom."
SPRAGUE, Wash.. July 4.— Mrs.
Frank Wade, living sixteen miles, west
of here, was struck by lightning and
killed. Mrs. Wade, with her three small
children and hired man, had been down
to Crab Creek about a mile from .home
when the storm came up, and had just
reached home. Mrs. Wade got out of
the rig, and started to open the wire
gate along the barb wire fence when
the lightning struck her. She fell to
her knees, got up on her feet again,
walked three steps and fell, dead. The
man then took out the children and let
the team go, but when he reached the
mother there was not a spark. of life
left . Wade -was away from home at
the time, but reached .there a few min
utes later.
MOTHER IS, STRICKEN
DEAD BY LIGHTNING
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. July 4. —
Miss Margaret Fink, aged 20. of Box
Elder, is dying as a result of a wound
Inflicted by a 4 -year-old boy. Arthur
Gies. who took up a loaded shotgun
during the Fourth of July celebration
and discharged the weapon in the
girl's face, blowing off part of her
head.
Four- Year-Old Boy Fatally Wounds
Youns Wonjan With Shotgun.
SHOOTS GIRL IX FACE.
GRAND ISLAND. Neb.. July 4.—
On the ground that his son was the
bon of a magistrate and should have
known belter. Police Judge Garn to
day fined his offspring. Emil Garn. an
extra 53 in dealing out justice to mem
bers of the Charivari party. The others,
being fined only $i, paid, but young
Garn. whose fine was $4. could not
produce that much and went to jail.
The merrymakers had demanded more
than the usual treat from a bride
groom, whom th^y were serenading,
and when this was refused the affair
became a riot and the bride and
Broom were roughly handled. The
police were called to stop the trouble.
MAGISTRATE FINES HIS OWN
SON FOR BREAKING LAW
DENVER. July 4. — The ways and
means committee of organized labor
of Colorado to-day, adopted a platform
for,' the fall campaign and pledged sup
port to the ' Democratic State ticket,
if the Democratic platform shall em
brace the provisions of the Labor plat
form. The salient features of, this
platform are: A definite eight-hour
law a definite legislative measure; de
feat of the present State administra
tion; a constitutional amendment tak
ing from the Governor the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus ex
cept by a three-fourths vote of the
General Assembly, and providing that
the question of Insurrection shall be
decided by judicial inquiry; repudia?
tion of the military debt contracted by
the Peabody administration; exemp
tion of J 200 worth of personal prop
erty from taxation.
WANT EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
ST. PETERSBURG, Julv 4.— The
United States flag floated from the
Embassy's headquarters, the LJeuten
berg Palace, in honor of July 4. Charge
Eddy gave a dinner to-night. This
was the extend of the celebration here.
MARSEILLES. July 4.— The American
colony celebrated the Fourth of July
with a banquet, which was presided
over by Consul General Skinner. The
health of President Roosevelt was pro
posed and warmly honored.
ROME, Julv 4.— The Fourth of July
was celebrmted at the American Col
lege by a banquet, to which Jlgr. Ken
nedy, rector, had invited Mgr. Falcon!,
apostolic delegate to the United States,
and several Americans.
How* America's Natal Day Was Ob
served Beyond the Atlantic
IX FOREIGN CITIES.
Although frequent reports have come
from the East in the past two years of
a search for the heirs >f Morris Fa
bian, nothing is known in this city con.
cerning Fabian or the estate he is said
to have left.
Fabian, after his wife's death Hn
Kansas City some years ego, was In
straitened circumstances. Later for
tune smiled upon him in San Francisco,
v here, however, he is reported to have
died suddenly before finding his miss
ing daughter. Her : <ime is Adie, and
the would now be about 17 years of
age. Her surviving i'.ster, Rebecca, ia
said to be comfortably provided for by
relatives in Newark, N. J.
CHICAGO. July 4.— The Chronicle
eays: A romance connected with an
estate left by Morris Fabian of San
Francisco has been brought to light in
Chicago. The estate and other legacies
are bequeathed to Fabian's three
daughters, who, when infants, v.ere
adopted ir. Kansas ty by different
families. One of th« daughters died;
'Me 6MT-/1 is supposed to be in Chi
«-££o; tne 'third is said to be here from
Newark, N. J.. looking for the missing
*Mster.
Search for Owner of Mysterious San
Fram-isoo Legacy Is Resumed
in Chicago.
ONCE AGAIN Iis FABIAN
ESTATE IN NEED OF HEIR
Hearst is the candidate of the radi
cals and he cannot . control his j own
delegates.. They have the same weak
ness for grabbing! hold "of the band
wagon ¦'¦ that- others j have and j they are
likely to ; go, I but { - for .-the ; influence of
There is absolutely no enthusiasm
among the delegates over the probable
candidate. The great majority know
him only as the choice of . the New
.York convention. They do not know
what he represents beyond the claim
that he can carry New York and that
New York may give the Presidency to
the Democratic party. -
The strongest point in Parker's favor
is the fact that he is the leading can
didate of the conservative Ving of the
party and the only one. from 'a Repub
lican State which appears doubtful.
The conservatives are in control of the
convention. They have more than 600
delegates out of the 994 sent to the
convention. Some - of them are con
tested, but the conservatives will not
surrender the advantage they hold.
They will continue to control the con
vention; name the candidate and dic
tate the platform.
HEARST DELEGATES DESERT.
ENTHUSIASM IS ABSENT.
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— The Pennsylva
nia delegates to-nighv removed the
keystone of the conservative opposition
to Judge Parker by agreeing in caucus
to cast their sixty-eight .votes for him
on the first ballot This takes away
the last hope of the friends of Senator
Gorman. Colonel Guffey, head of the
Pennsylvania delegation, declared
GormJM a quitter yesterday, and to
night he transferred the Pennsylvania
vote to Judge Parkci.; The Maryland
and West Virginia delegations will fol
low Pennsylvania into the Parker col
umn, and the South will line up .sol
idly. {
Without a probability of a -break
anywhere in the ranks of the conserv
atives, only the radicals and Tammany
are left to fight Parker and his nom
ination may be made on the first bal
lot. ' .
There are 270 delegates instructed
to vote for Parker, or less than.one
third. There are as many more who
are now counted upon as favorable
to Parker, because he is the candidate
of . New York. Former • Senator Hill
and Sheehan count upon another like
body of delegates coming to their can
didate through the desire to get in
with the winner.
The. selection By the committee of
John Sharp Williams 'for temporary
chairman seems to give general satis
faction.' No determination ' has been
reached as to who; shall be.; the "perma
nent chairman, but several men have
been suggested and possibly all will be
considered by the ; committee on: per
manent organization before a selection
is made. • ••. .' ;
¦ The exposition, -summer, gardens.
Fourth of July celebrations and other
attractions , won out over politics large
ly • to-day | in » the" contest for the at
tention of\the: delegates. Every train
brought ihhundredsof politicians, who,
after /takiniki possession • of their , hotel
accommodations," pursued their individ
ual tastes" in seeking j holiday, pleasures.
j . Bryan was engaged during the day
with callers, many of them represent
ing aspirants for the' Presidential nom
ination. He discussed the situation
with all of them, but committed him
self to none. .Among his visitors were
some members of the North Carolina
delegation, who \ insisted that "Bryan
should state in. definite terms whether
it was his purpose to "bolt the ticket
in case It should not be to his liking.
He : replied ythat he would answer the
question only when the ticket was
named. . "t-^iM
The developments to-day before; the
National Committee also Indicate that
Bryan will" be in evidence when the
committee on credentials reports. In
this connection . considerable interest
was expressed to-day in the fact that
the candidate for President hi. the. last
two campaigns should secure a' proxy
in the National Committee for the pur
pose of championing a contested case.
BRYAN'S SILENCE A THREAT. .
Bryan is the only resisting force in
the convention, and this power of lead^
ership may be demonstrated
before the combat is r over. It frill, be
remarkable if he does ; .check the drift
to Parker, but Bryan has done .un
usual things in the past, and he has
aroused the hope of his " most ardent
followers that he will be able to do the
apparently impossible here. *
A rear contest on the platform is as
sured. No one yet knows what the
platform will be, but it is known that
the majority draft will prove unsatis
factory to Bryan and his followers, and
there are enoush of them to make an
Interesting light on the floor of the
convention.
Bryan, who is making a, heroic fight
for radicalism, both in candidates and
platform. ;',
Sentiment among those of the North
Carolina delegation who have arrived
on the scene is strongly in favor of a
"compromise" platform. The North
Carolinians say they want a platform
on .which all Democrats "can stand, re
gardless of past alignments. The del
egation is not instructed, •' but Parker
sentiment strongly dominates.
"Four-fifths of the Democrats in Ver
mont are f or ; Parker," said V.- Bullard.
chairman of 'the Vermont delegation,
"for we have no doubts as to where we
stand, nor any reservations."
"From -ourj Inquiries among the del
egations," said, Chairman John P: Hol
land of the Delaware: delegation, "we
conclude that Judge Parker will fall of
nomination on the first, second or third
ballots, and that after. that his strength
will begin to dissolve, much of it com
ing, to Gray." "
' Parker for President t and "Tom"
Taggart of Indianapolis for chairman
of the Democratic " National Committee
is a concise statement of the ambition
of the Indiana delegation. The delega
tion occupies a conspicuous position on
the "headquarters floor" of the South
ern, and . calls attention to itself by: an
electrical display of Parker's portrait.
Indiana is priding herself c.i being the
second State to instruct for Parker!
following New York,' and Parker ¦ en
thusiasm is abundant among the dele-
There, was little, in the political pro
gramme to hold -.the visitors.
CARMACK FOR SECOND PLACE.
That Senator Carmack of Tennessee
shall second the nomination of Judge
Parker has been decided upon. The
Tennessee delegation has appointed a
special ' campaign committee to work
for the nomination of Senator Carmack
for the Vice Presidency, and J. • M,
Head, National Committeeman from
Tennessee, will be asked to place Car
mack in nomination.
NEW YORK. Jul> 4.— "George J.
Gould's straight railroad line from
Salt Lake to the Pacific coast is an as
sured fact," said a Gould director to
day. '"Trust deeds and mortgages have
been filed in this city and in various
counties in Utah, Nevada and Califor
nia and the right-of-way practically
has been procured. Nearly all of the
route has been surveyed and laid out.
"I have Just returned from a trip to
California, where this new railway pro
ject is meeting with an enthusiastic
welcome. On the western end town
ships are offering cash bonuses in ad
dition to lands in order to get the rail
way to run their way.
"The new road, which is to be built
by the Western Pacific Railway, is de
signed to give the Gould system the
shortest possible outlet to the Pacific
coast. The Missouri Pacific now
reaches Salt Lake from Pueblo, via the
Denver and Rio Grande. An almost
straight line drawn on the map from
Salt Lake to San Francisco will mark
the route of the projected road, about
100 miles south of the Southern Pacific
It will be about one day's travel
shorter between Salt Lake and San
Francisco than any s existing route.
"The significant feature of this enter
prise is its harmonious connection with
the Denver, Northwestern and Pacific,
which David H. . Moffat and unknown
associates are now building from Den
ver to Salt Lake."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kjeystone State Delegation in Caucus Decides to Cast Its
Entire Sixty^Eight Votes for the Jurist.
"I am opposed to putting any of last
year's eggs in last year's birdsnest: we
need a new nest and a new set of eggs.
The Democrats will not dare sound
Cleveland's name in the , convention,
for the howl of rage which would fol
low would drown everything else."
South .Carolina delegation gets here to
morrow and organizes I cannot pre
sume to say what it will decide to do.
Without drawing any comparisons, I
am of the opinion that Judge Gray
would get all the support and none of
the opposition which Judge Parker has.
Judge Parker is undoubtedly in the
lead thus far, but he has not the neces
sary two-thirds."
Regarding the platform Senator TI11
man said:
Western Pacific's
Plans Are Com
pleted.
LEADING CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION AND OTHER PROMINENT DEMOCRATS AT ST. LOUIS.
Miss Hattie Braizman was struck In
the stomach by a rocket and seriously
injured. One child is reported to have
lost the sight of both eyes. J. H.
Davis, chairman of the committee had
his right hand severely burned. Two
children of E. S. Squires, who super
intended the fighting of the explosives.
were burned about the face.
The audience was congregated along
the slopes of the hill on which the firey
works were to be set oft and hair
crowded in a circle around the men at
work, being only a few feet from them.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 4.— The fire
works which were to have been set
off here this evening in Dnright Park
as a finish to the big Fourth of July
celebration caught fire from almost the
first rocket that was sent up and in an
instant the entire heap of explosives
was flying in every direction. About
four dozen eight-pound rockets flew
through the audience of 30,000 persons,
creating a panic in which many were
injured. Others were struck by the
flying explosives and it Is estimated
that as many as fifty were more or less
injured, none fatally.
Van Allen Smith, who .was assisting
with the fireworks, stood his ground In
an effort to scatter the fire and was
terribly burned. One arm was broken
by an explosive. It is believed that he
will survive.
and Many Arc Injured.
Explosives Are Ignited by Accident
DISASTER AT TACOMA.
NEW ROAD
WILL SOON
BE BUILT
Apparatns and Neuly Discovered For
tuula May Ke\olntJonize the
Science of Anaesthetics.
NEW YORK, July 4. — If prolonged
and general tests prove to be as satis
factory as the preliminary ones, med
ical men believe that a formula just
discovered by a well known practi
tioner of this city will revolutionize
th«» science of anaesthetics, freeing it
from the dangers of ether and chloro
form as at present administered.
The process consists in the main of
an invention by which 2 per cent of
chloroform and 98 per cent of oxy
gen are combined with mathematical
exactness. Instead of being depend
ent on the careful administration of
the snaesthetic drop by drop the ap
paratus acts automatically, keeping
the chloroform mixing with the oxy
gen in a 2 per cent solution all the
time, obviating any chance of the pa
tient getting too much and doing
away with the risk of giving too
much.
DEVICE OF GREAT VALUE
INVENTED BY PHYSICIAN
Daniel Shupe, a wcli-known mer
chant of this city, who was standing
with his wife watching the display,
was struck in the neck by a sharp
piece of steel, which almost severed
his head. Miss Charlotte Clark. sea?&*'.
with her-mother . and friends, was
struck in the breast by a large piece
of steel and died within a few minute.
The display of fireworks was given
from a pontoon erected in a small la
goon in one end of the park, and the
spectators were seated around tha
banks of the lagoon. A small mortar
used for throwing bombs into the air
was being used. A bomb became fas
tened in it and exploded and* pieces of
the steel were hurled several hundred
feet across the lagoon among the spec
tators.
The injured: Joseph Gibson, aged 9
years, arm blown off; Dan Moran, aged
12 years, badly cut in forehead; John
Funelle, aged IS years, slight scalp
wound; Miss Ida O'Hornett. slight,
arm and head; Mrs. Dolly, right arm
cut.
OGDEN, Utah. July 4.— By the pre
mature explosion of a fireworks mor
tar to-night at Glen-wood Park two
persons were killed and five injured in
the presence of about 3000 spectators.
The dead:
DANIEL, SHUPE.
MISS CHARLOTTE CLARK.
The loss will be enormous, even if
the fire is confined to the concession.
The Palace of Fine Arts and Festival
Hall are close by on top of the hill,
while the Palace of Machinery lies only
a short distance north of Jerusalem.
The Japanese imperial pavilion lies
just to the west.
Several hundred persons from Pales
tine live in the miniature city and it
is feared that they are in grave peril.
All the fire fighting apparatus sta
tioned at the fair grounds by the city,
as well as Hale's fire fighters from
the Pike, are now on the scene.
BT. LOUIS, July &. — At 2 o'clock
this morning: fire was discovered in the
Jerusalem concession at the World's
Fair. In a few minutes it had gained
Fuch headway that apparently there
was no possibility of saving the en
tire concession, covering eleven acres,
from destruction-
Epeciai Dispatch to The Call
Bioza Starts in Jerusalem Concession
and Resists Efforts of Exposition
and St Loais Departments.
Five Persons Who Escape Death
Outright Are Maimed or
Slightly Hurt.
Explosion Hurls Pieces ol
Steel Into Crowd ol
Spectators.
Lives ol the Inhabitants ol
Miniature City Are
Endangered.
Great Buildings of
the Exposition
in Peril.
Accident Mars the
Celebration in
Ogden.
FIRE RAGES
AT WORLD'S
FAIR SITE
TWO KILLED
BY BURSTING
OF MORTAR
THE WSATKEB. - • «"" *'
rorecast made at Saa Traa
cisco for ttirty hours ending 1
taiialjrht, July 5:
Saa Tra&dsco aad vicinity—
Cloudy Tuesday ; fresn west
wind. Q. S. WU.I.SOIT.
Xiocal rorecaater.
TXB - TJLUATSXS.
Alcazar — "On* Summer'* Day. 1 *.
Central— "Weadad and Parted."
Clint e»— Vaudeville.
riicJier**— "Tlia Uoimom."
Orand— "Barbara Trletdile."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Botoin Hood."
The San Francisco Call.ST.. PETERSBURG,, Jujy 4. — The
rumors that Grand Duke Boris Is ¦ to
be exiled to Archangel as the result of
an altercation with General Kuropat-
Borfs , Proves Quarrelsome.
\ ST. PETERSBURG. July 4.— At the
German Embassy here a .statement
made by the London Tirn/es' corre
spondent at Toklo that Germany had
agreed to allow the Port Arthur squad
ron to seek refuge at Kaichou (the Ger-
Has Not Agreed. to Give Port Arthur
Squadron a Refuge.
GERMANY. STRICTLY NEUTRAL.
FOREIGN ''¦ PORTS.
VICTORIA. B O— Sailed July 4— Br stmr
Empress of China, for China, a
Pasced In July •."» — Nor «tmr Tellus, hence
June 2!) for LadyemUh.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 4— Schr Den.
ance. for San Pedro: schr A J West, for Re
dondo: schr Mary Runs, for Ban Francisco:
Kchr ' W . J ¦ Patterson, - for San Francisco; stmr
Chehalls, for San Pedro. .
PORT GAMBLE— Bulled July 4— Nor bark
Theodore, for Algoa Bay.
Arrived July -1 — Schr Ludlow, from Port
Hadlock. •-.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 4— Schr John
G North. . for Honolpu. -. '(
DOMESTIC PORTS.
• Monday, July 4.
Stmr Bee, Wehman. 40 hours from Redondo.
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Kurokaua, who was 31 years old and
unmarried, , had , been ..in .this ¦ country
several .years and . had
considerable muney.
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— Considering
himself disgraced by an accusation of
dishonesty made in jest by a white
man of his acquaintance and sick with
a painful disease of the, stomach, G.
Kurokaua, a Japanese employed at the
Ramona . saloon, 207 South Spring
street, this city, to-day committed sui
cide in the approved Japanese method
by disemboweling himself with a ka
tuma, a long-bladed knife of Japanese
pattern.. When Kurokaua's body was
found in his room, the weapon lay be
side him.. . •
Japanese Broods Over a Jesting Re-
mark and Finally Commits
Suicide. /
ENDS HIS LIFE WHEN
HONESTY IS 'QUESTIONED
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4.— A war
correspondent who has arrived from
Mukden expresses the opinion that
with the rainy f eason at hand the Jap
anese have lost their opportunity of
(dealing General Kuropatkin a crush
ing blcrw. He says that neither the
world in geneVal nor the Japanese
knew how weak the Russian army was
in the earlier stages of the war and
asserts that, practically, the Russian
army was then non-existent, but when
he left on June 18 Kuropatkin i had
125,000 men and reinforcements were
pouring in at the rate of 2000 a day.
The correspondent believes the Japan
ese could have done anything they
wished if they had pressed the cam
paign with vigor several months ago.
During the" three; months' idelay.- in
cutting off Port/Arthur,' the Russians
rushed in munitions and provisions.
JAPAN'S COSTLY DELAY.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4. — The
Vladivostok Squadron is understood to
have returned safely to port.
VLADIVOSTOK, Sunday, July 3.
The return of the Vladivostok squad
ron is anxiously awaited. The of
ficial accounts from Tokio of the ex
ploits of the Russians are eagerly
read. The squadron may not return
for some time, as when it left this
port it was provisioned for a long
cruise. Vice Admiral Bezobraxoff is
in command.
Differing Reports of 3Iovcments of
'.L-^ Vladivostok Warships.
WHERE IS PHANTOM SQUADRON?
This would be a pleasanf old world
If men would pay their debts* as cheer-
Cnlly as they pay grudges';
YOSEMITE, July 4.— Jack Kelsey.
Lester Jordan and M. C. Main left here
yesterday morning to scale Half Dome,
the loftiest, most sublime pile In. the
Yosemite. The K^sey party took
along a large quantltyN»f dynamite and
fireworks and last night the people
in the valley were treated £o a sight
seldom witnessed.
Fireworks on Half IKmie.
DAWSON, July 4. — The British
steamboat Tyrrel took a Fourth of
July excursion up the Yukon River to
day. The committee and other Ameri
cans forced the captain to raise the
United States flag on the middle flag
staff before sailing. A complaint was
laid with Collector of Customs Busby,
who, on the return of the Tyrrel, sum
moned Captain Ritchie and asked him
to give a written explanation of the
affair. The captain said he was forced
by the "clamor to raise the United
States flag. ' ;
A report Went around that- the
steamboat had been fined $2500 and
that the captain had lost his papers.
A representative of the American com
mittee waited upon Collector Busby to
plead for the captain. The collector
was obdurate and will report to Otta
wa for a decision.
Busby is the Canadian officer Who,
while at Skagway, flew the Canadian
customs flag by written order from his
superiors. /
The flag was cut down by an Ameri
can lawyer. A mob swarmed /around
his-offlce and forced him to raise the
American^flag above the Canadian.
Busby refused, but referred the matter
to Ottawa, , and, this ultimately led to
the lowering' of American customs flags
throughout Canada. ,
COMPEL* BRITISH VESSEL
TO HOIST "OLD GLORY"
Official advices Indicate that the
Russian military and naval position at
Port v Arthur is considerably improved
and that ships pass freely in* and out
of the harbor. Large quantities of
supplies have been received at the
fortress and they* Russian authorities
are regaining confidence.
PARIS, July 4. — The Foreign Of
fice discredits the rumor from Toklo
that Russia has proposed through
France to surrender Port Arthur if
the garrison be freed.
Report of Port Arthur's Probable
Surrender Unfounded.
NOT READY TO YIELD.
NEW YORK. July 4.— The Japanese
Government Is said to' have practically
placed an order for 10,000 sel«jc*^3 cav
alry horses with a New York firm
which supplied many caval^ horses to
Great Britain during the | Boer war.
It Is understood that the order calls
for the smallest type of cavalry horse,
of which a large supply is not readily
obtainable. It' is insisted by the Jap
anese that the horses shall be deliv
ered at the rate of 2000 a month to
transports on. the Pacific Coast.
Ten Thousand AnlmnLs.
Japan Places Order in America for
BUYING CAVALRY. HORSES.
Attempts at canning beef profitably.
In Germany have not- proved success
ful, chiefly because of the high cost of
the raw material.
TOKIO, July 4.— General Oku has
forwarded a detailed report to the im
perial headquarters, answering charges
preferred by the Russian authorities
that the" Japanese troops were respon
sible for atrocities committed on the
field during the engagement at Wu
fangtien, preceding the battle of Va
fangow (Telissu). He says the charges
an; totally unfounded, but, on the
contrary, that he had proofs. that the
wounded Russian prisoners highly ap
preciated the humane treatment they
and their comrades had received from
the Japanese. It is the Russians, he
declared, that have cruelly mutilated
the Japanese who fell into their hands
wounded. General Oku then makes the
following charges f~*
That on June, 15 six Japanese scouts
were overpowered by Russian troopers,
who ran bayonets into their mouths,
through their . heads and cut their
heads and cut their breasts open; that
on June 27 the Russians captured a
Japanese cavalryman, whom they bay
oneted and then cut open his abdo
men; that on May 15 the Russians be
headed a Japanese cavalryman whom
they had captured.
General Oku asserts that acts of cru
elty upon the part of the Russian
troops are numerous and announces
his purpose to report in the future
every case which is" brought to his no
tice. He says he feels that he is not
fighting a civilized army.
Press correspondents are unable to
supply any facts in connection with
Oku's charges, because no neutral ob
servers were permitted to be present
on the field at either of, the engage
ments which. took place at Wufangtien
and Vafangow.
OKU CHARGES BARBARISM.
- The officers elected were: President,
C. H. Vodden, Los Gatos; vice presi
dent, F. A. Eckles, Tulare; secretary,
John W. Haynes, San Jose; treasurer,
W. B. Green, Fresno; executive com
mittee — J. P. Landrum, W. B. Green
and Luther Gray, all of Fresno; dele
gates to the national convention at St.
Louis — J. C. James of Ceres and W.
L. Dowton of Cumpbell.
Among the various resolutions
passed was one disapproving of the
action of Congress In taking away the
privilege of rural carriers to earn
money In side business ventures, with
out adequate recompense, in loss of
such extra earnings by the $10 in
crease in salary.
FRESNO, July 4. — The annual con-/
vention of the California State Letter
Carriers' Association closed a three
days' session to-day. Carriers attend
ing represented Los Angeles, Stanis
laus, Fresno, Tulare, Santa Clara.
Santa Cruz and Sacramento counties.
The nqxt annual convention w,ill be
held at Santa Cruz July. 2, 3 and 4,
1905.
CONVENTION* OF LETTER
CARRIERS IS CLOSED
MUKDEN. July 4. — The first de
tachments of the Seventeenth Army
Corps are pushing through Mukden.
A brigade of Caucasian cavalry has
arrived.
Reinforcements for Kuroptttkln.
The Protector left New York on June
5 for Cork. Ireland, on board the Nor
wegian steamship Fortuna. It has been
reported that the Protector will be
shipped by rail to Vladivostok.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 4.— The
submarine boat Protector is reported
on excellent authority to be at Kron
stadt.
Vessel Bought In America Has Been
Convej-ed to Kronstadt.
SUBMARINE BOAT ARRIVES.
LONDON, July 4.— In the House of
Commons to-day Earl Percy, the Un
der Foreign Secretary, announced that
the British gunboat Espiegle had been
ordered to return to Newchwang and
watch over the Interests of British sub
jects.
The Secretary also said that as the
owners of the British steamer Allan
ton, captured by thef Russian Vladivo
stok squadron, were appealing to the
Supreme Prize Court at St. Petersburg
against the confiscation Judgment of
the Vladivostok court, the British in
tended to await the decision of that
tribunal before approaching the Rus
sian Government on the subject.
British Government Orders the Es
pieglc to Knssian Port.
GUNBOAT FOR XEWCHWAXG.
Many persons believe that the wretfk
was the work of vandals, as the open
switch which caused the passenger
train, while running at a high rate of
speed, to collide with the stationary
freight, had not. It: Is asserted by the
Wabash agent at Litchfield. -been used
for twelve hours.
It is expected the inquest, which be
gan to-day, will last several days. . In
Connection with the Coroner's inquest
the State authorities are conducting a
rigid investigation into the cause of
the accident
Seriously Injured — William J.
Shrader, Chicago; Henry M. Gassaway,
St. Louis, arm broken, injured inter
nally; Will Knocht, Chicago, legs
crushed and hips Injured; William
Balis, Chicago, badly crushed; Wil
liam Archibald, Honeye Falls, N. Y..
broken hip; George Archibald, Honeye
Falls, N. Y. t broken leg; Lena Xoecke,
Arlington Heights, Chicago, bajlly
burned; Miss Fannie Tipton, Chicago,
internal injuries"; W. B. Thorp, Chi
cago, leg broken; Henry Rink, Cincin
nati, fatally; Mr. and Mrs. Alois Geh
rig,. Chicago; James B. Roberts, Cai
lin,"'111.,' internal injuries; Mrs. Candi
you, Milwaukee, internal injuries;. S.
A. Asquirth, Waterloo, Iowa, Internal
injuries; Mrs. S. L. Smith, Chicago,
burned and internal injuries; Mrs. ,E.
H. Rose of Riverside, Cal., escaped
with bruises; Mrs. Enna Kenyon,
Kingston, NJ Y., leg mashed and face
injured.
The dead — Mrs. Florence Smith.
Chicago; , Mrs. Perkins. Chicago;
Charles Galais. Chicago; Harry M.
Dietrich. Chicago; Miss C. F. Luther,
Milwaukee; Isaac Mills, Decatur; W.
St. Pierre, Montreal, Canada; Jacon
Barber, Park River, N. D.; L. *A.
Eistat, Chicago; James Sanford, en
gineer; Rev. N. M. Mills, Bridgeton.
X. Y.; Charles Ward, Chicago; H.
Graves, train dispatcher, Decatur; W.
F. Smith, fireman, Decatur; Richie
Xoack, aged 8, Arlington Heights, 111.;
William Cambalis, May wood, 111.; two
unidentified men. , /
LITCHFIELD, III.. July 4. — In place
of the usual celebration, accompanied
with exploding firecrackers and the
glare ct a typical Fourth of July night.
Litchfield has been converted into a
hospital. All day relatives and friends
have sought to relieve the suffering of
the injured in the wreck of the
Wabash Flier from Chicago. Accord
ing to unofficial report^" eighteen per
sons were killed and more than fifty
were less seriously hurt.
Revised lists of the victims follow:
Shade and his father-in-law, Albert
Hodges, taking a hitching rope from
their carriage, proceeded to drag the
wire, which impeded their progress,
from the bridge. There was suddenly
an explosion. Shade collapsed where he
stood and examination showed that his
left arm had been rendered entirely
useless by the shock, a large piece of
skin and flesh was torn from his chest
in the fegion of the heart, and his
shoes were nearly burned off. His feet
were almost cooked. If he survives the
doctors say several serious amputa
tions will have to be made. , Hodges,
who stood near Shade, was hurled by
the force of the contact some twenty
feet, but escaped serious injury.
Later in the day Steve Bocciarinl. on
his way from Cordelia to Vallejo, drove
upon the bridge where Shade had suf-.
fered so terribly and. not peeing the
prostrate wire, ran his horses against
it. Both fell dead immediately and the.
driver was badly burned about the
hands and feet. ,- r</ '
VALLEJO. July 4.— J. Chester Shade,
a prominent and popular member of
the local lodge of Elks and a member
of the well-known grocery firm of
Morse & Shade, is lying in his home in
this city at death's door, terribly shat
tered by contact with an electric wire.
At an early hour this morning Shade,
accompanied by his wife and relatives,
left here in a carriage, intending to
Epend the day in Green Valley. When
the party was approaching a bridge a
little this tide of Cordelia, a heavy
wire of the Bay Counties Power Com
pany with an insulator attached was
seen lying across the bridge, obstruct
ing passage.
Sj.ecUl- DiBraf* *O The Call.
man port on the Shantung Peninsula)
was absolutely denied. Xo such ques
tion has been raised. Germany Is ob
serving neutrality in accordance with
her proclamation to this effect.
m
kin are untrue, but it is understood
he has been transferred to Harbin 'Dr.
account of an unpleasantness with a
colonel at Liaoyang.
LONDON, July 5. — The Standard's
Tientsin correspondent, under date of
July 4,' says that since June 27 the
Japanese main squadron has been en
gagqd In landing men at Dalny pre
paratory to a final attack on Port Ar
thur. He adds that the Japanese land
operations in the rear of Port Arthur
probably will bring matters to a final
issue Within the next few daya.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 4. — Mili
tary experts believe that the center of
gravity has again shifted to Port Ar
thur, siege operations are expected to
engage most of the attention of the
Japanese until the conclusion of the
rainy season permits the resumption
of the campaign in Southern Manchu
ria.- ¦'"' ' .., /'- ' ¦•'
Scene of War's Interest Again Shifts
s ;.'; to Port Arthur.
seven quick-firing guns,
The most serious loss to the Russians
In the day's operations were Captain
Treiatkoff and Captain Vertoff, who
were carrying dispatches. They got
into a Japanese ambuscade near a vil
lage and both were shot. Captain Ver
toff managed to regain his horse and
subsequently regained his men. Cap
tain Treaitkoff has not returned and
whether he was killed or wounded or is
a prisoner is not known.
A Red Cross train came up to the
scene of the fight and though warned
of its presence the Japanese infantry
and artillery fired on it and riddled it.
No one was killed.
TOKIO, July 5, noon.— General Ku
rokl has occupied Maotien Pass with
out resistance. The Russians have
abandoned Tsinshanowan, destroying
their supplies.
FIXAL ATTACK XEARING.
General Samsonoff sent word not to
attempt to hold the station and the
Russians retired while Japanese
were in full retreat. Subsequently the
Japanese reoccupied thej^tatlon with
An officer who came in declares that
frort^ a hill top near the coast he saw
the vessels engaged in a fight, but he
was too far off to distinguish them.
LIAOYANG, July t.— A correspondent
who has just returned from General
Sarr.sonotl's headquarters gives details
of a fight that, he witnessed at Senu
chen. as part of the operations of
June 29.
General .Samsonoff, with the object
or harassing the Japanese.' advanced
toward Senuchen at 2 a. m. The column
reached within rille shot of the railroad
station at 6 o'clock and two companies
of Cossacks opened fire, driving in the
Japanese outposts.
The Cossacks raced to a semaphore
station on a hill near . the railway,
which they occupied, and signaled the
Russian column of the disposition of
the Japanese. Throwing themselves on
their horses, they again galloped to
join their comrades, with whom they
occupied the railway station, which the
Japanese evacuated, fleeing hurriedly*
There was little loss to the Russians,
but the Japanese left nine wounded at
tfte station.
; TATCHEKIAO, July 2. via Liao
yang, July 4. — A fight between Rus
sian torpedo-boats and Japanese
transports was reported off the coast
this afternoon. Heavy cannoading
was heard seaward.
Holiday Is Spent by Citizens
in tfiving Succor to Vic
tims of Wreck of Flier
Vallejo Man Attempts to Re
move Electric Obstruction
and Is Shockingly Hurt
Russian Torpedo-Boats Attack Japanese Transports
Off Coast of Liaotung Peninsula.
MOURNFUL DAY
AT LITCHFIELD
BADLY BURNED
BY LIVE WIRE
ji SYDNEY, B. C.. July 4.— Unable to
cope with the mob of 1000 strikers at the
works of the Dominion Iron and Steel
Company to-day, forcibly preventing
non-union men from going to work, the
civil authorities annealed to Major
Crowe- and to-night the militia
is proteoting- the company's property.
One hundred of the Sydney Field bat
tery were placed at the entrances to
the works, and with loaded carbines and
fixed bayonets held an angry mob at
bay.
As the troops were marching down
Charlotte street to the works to-night
they encountered more than 1000 strik
ers armed with clubs and stones. The
mob gathered in front of the soldiers in
an attempt to prevent the latter from
escorting non-union men into the plant.
The soldiers charged the mob and with
fixed bayonets forced their way
through.
Mayor Calls on Soldiers to
Protect Xou - Union 3Ien
From Gang* of Strikers
SYDNEY MOB
FACES MILITIA
"According to. our Information the
enemy has at least 50.000 troops con
centrated around Siuyen. The Japan
ese are now occupying their original
position at Dalin Pass. No movement
beyond Dalin Pass toward Haicheng
is observable."
"On July 2 the enemy's advance
guard In the Kaichou district retreated
southward and occupied a line nine
miles northeast of Senuchen. Senu
chen fs occupied by an infantry de
tachment. K-:<K'.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 4.— The
general staff has received the follow
ing dispatch, dated July 3, from Lieu
tenant General Sakharoff:
QUIET AT THE" FRONT.
When the battle of the Talu occurred,
the correspondent continues, Kuropat
kin had all In readiness to retire to
Kirin. He believes the vaunted Japan
ese secret service is very defective, be
cause it did not discover the situation
and says it is now too- late, as at the
end of the rainy season Kuropatkin
will be strong enough to assume the
offensive.
A further mobilization order, affect
ing the reserve officers, is expected for
the St. Petersburg, Novgorod, Pskoff
and Baltic provinces. The order will
also affect horses.
LIAOYANG, Sunday, July 3.— Seeinjc
the impossibility of bringing about a
decisive battle, in consequence of the
retirement of the Japanese and the
heavy rains. General Kuropatkin, ac
companied by the military attaches, is
returning to Haicheng. Both com
batants are apparently inactive. The
Japanese have .retired to the sandy
part of the country » to await better
weather. The Russians have reoccu
pied their old positions thirty miles
eastward of Liaoyang. The two armies
are now bivouacked on either side of
Dalin Pass,-, which cannot be said to be
an effective occupation for either
army, as the deep mud renders impos
sible the movements of transport wag
ons and guns. No battle of^any-conse
quence has been fought there since the
Russians retired from Dalin Pass be
fore the Japanese advance.
The Russian troops are displaying
splendid spirit,' in spite of terrible
hardships. There is not a dry spot for
them to camp on and the troops are
often obliged to pass twelve hours . in
the rain before they can prepare soup,
with which to warm themselves, ow
ing to the difficulty experienced in
kindling fires.
The Russians are showing great con
sideration for the Chinese, fraterniz
ing with them and paying them good
wages and high prices for goods sup
plied.
The Japanese activity in the south
also is suspended. General Kuroki be
ing threatened by the Russian troops
from the north. • An early cessation' of
hostilities is expected and when they
are. resumed the Russians will be able
to take the offensive. Troops are ar
riving here daily.
TWO ARMIES ARE BIVOUACKED.
The Japanese are evidently non
plused at General Kurop'atkln's tac
tics, as proved by their alternate ad
vance on Liaoyang from Fengwang
cheng and subsequent retreat.. The
Japanese are suffering greatly from
lack of supplies, the country being de
vastated. Two divisions are reported
to have fallen back upon Fengwang
cheng.
TATCHEKIAO, July 4.— All is quiet
at the outposts. General Kuropatkin
is here engaged in the peaceful task
of opening a permanent hospital of 200
beds, founded by the Manchurian Rail-»
road employes. The hospital is not
ye^full. It contains 151 patients.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4.— The lat
est dispatches, from the theater of war
are to the effect that General Kuro
patkin Is still at Tatchekiao, and, that
the Japanese forces are stationary at
Senuchen and along the roads from
Sluyen- to Halcheng, Tatchekiao and
Kaichou, but they are maintaining
their advance from Fengwangcheng
over the direct main roads to Liaoyang,
where the effect of the rains is less,
appreciable.
There are orly twelve miles between
General Count Keller's force and the
Japanese army, and a collision between
them is regarded as not unlikely. The
Japanese are hoping, in case of suc
cess, to compel Kuropatkln, with Gen
eral' Stackeiberg's corps, to fall back
from Tatchekiao on Liaoyang and thus
force an evacuation of Newchwang. .
The Admiralty here has no news of
the sea fight off Port Arthur on Mon
day last, reported by Admiral Togo,
and is not Inclined to believe it. The
understanding Is that the Russian war
ships are still at Port Arthur.
JAPANESE ARE INACTIVE.
Bivouacs of Russian and Japanese
Armies Are Separated' by Only
Twelve Miles.
DALIN PASS DIVIDES
WAR CAMPS DURING
SEASON OF RAINFALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, JULY- 5, 1904.
2
JOE- ROSENBERG'S. |
GEE WHAT A TIME I
JO^OlSi^D ! BUT MA WILL GET MODE
&*ffi : *^W$O* HER MONEY AT THE PRICE CUTTEfiS
Not Up in Smoke.
W^\ I M^ 1 Not an eye out or finger off. J No
premiums or prizes. More than
r % even exchange for your ifaone^jbr
your money back. - /-',..>
SIDE COMBS. XCAUirZ OB ILLUSION.
Made of real Tortone shell, highly J^*nch make good heavy kind, full
polished, smooth teeth, curved 27 inches wide, high luster for mll-
Bhape to fit snuglv to the head and linery or neckwear. In pink, blue, *
keep your stray hair in place; add champagne, green, cream, -white,
chic to your head. Price. .Pair 15c black -. . .-. . . ... ...... .lard--l-^.%e
SCISSORS OB SETABS. RIBBONS. *t '
i Made of highly- polished tempered Made of all-sik taffeta, full .two
: Steel; 6. 7. S inches long; different inches wide; washable; corded
I ehaped handles, to adjust to your edgn; alpaca finished; in black or
.1 finpers; warranted to cut the sheer- white ........... .Yard 5c
est fabric. Price !£."»<• ¦ ¦
-r . t.tt,«-. ¦o-T-cr.T.e ' S1BBOHB. ,. '¦:
ZiADIES vests. eash ribbo; , w idth. full five inches
Made of India thread; low neck, no wJde . madi g of p,^ taffeta, in natin
sleeves, openwork and lace effect dot t P( i effect, (the imported kind). *
ribbed, neck and armholes finished In i>i ue ;-* tarv gree n, pink, white,
I with crochet edge and beading. In bIack i nst ead of 20c and 25c.
., pink, blue, white. Price 1«»C now'...'... ...:.. .'. 12ttc
"i^of^X^ik; low neck, sleeve- ™*SE£&^™VE?^^^
less, swifs ribbed; perfect in every INDIES SILK GLOVES.
detail. In cream and blue. Instead Double finger tips. two. patent
of 90c. Tuesday's price 50c clasps, triple-stitched back. In'
\ ' black and white for tho most exact-.
THE UP-TO-DATE LADIES' PAT- j ng . Here's a glove for you. . .5Oc.
M^ D oVTfrff; knitted fabric. KATSEB'S CEMBnATED tADXES'
summer weight, umbrella shape. SUEDE LI3LE GLOVES. / -
finished with deep three-inch wide Double woven fingers, patent clasp. ¦
crochet lace, velvet feeling. French silk-stitched back-. In champagne.
* band tops; easily washed, no iron- gun metal, black, white. Kid fit,
ing or starching. Pr^ce 5Oc also in looks, not so in price.. Uoc
A LA PASZSZE2TSTE — TEE KEW XJUDXE3' SXXB.T WAIST.
¦i SHIRT WAIST COBSET. The perfect-fitting kind; made of
1 Made of satin ribbon tape. Empire lawn, dimities and linen; some col-
French shape, aluminoid boning; ored. mostly all white; they are
rust-proof steels. In pink, blue, hemstitched, tuckea and teneriffo
black white 50c worked. This season's newest
style. $2.00 and $1.50 quality. Spe-
J. E.-TKE FORM IMPROVER SUM- cial J)Sc
USER COBSET. SADIES' HOSE
Made of white coutil. dip hip. clr- Ifc^ I f s HOB f-
cnUr out. steel boned lace, trim- ?i ade , of , ?*?* < k 1^ kPE la i"
mrd. straight front steel, with ab- thread, velvet finished double heels
dominal front hose supporters at- and toes no seam in feet or heels.
tarhed. with patent button clasp. whi j e sole; the hose for sore or
p r i ce 50c tender feet. Price UoC
LADIES' OVERSLEEVES. XtADIES' EOSE.
Made of rubber cover cloth, fas- Made of Sea Island thread; staln-
tet.ed on wrist and elbow with elas } cs « black, medium weight: full
tic to protect your sleeves from length; more than your moneys
iroarinj? out or being soiled. One worth Pair l^J'ie 13
pair will save many dollars in n
laundry bills. Prt\e 1J)C B
BEAUTIFIERS OR VEILINGS. 1 0 I RflVrNnrRll S
Rcranants made of tuxedo spider H" IIU W fc. 1 1 ULIIU Rl
w«-b and complexion r.«»t chenille. Jt g B H _.. _ , _ Is
dotted and plain. 27 and ZH inches ** ¦¦ The Price Cutter BJ
Ion?: end pieces of the good sellinir ** m mm ¦ *»- H
ki " d Remnant ioc Q \ 6 Market Street |
5 evxbTdat 1! OTarrell Street I
IS EAEQAIN DAY . MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. gj
At JOE ROSE1TBERGS. *- J g j
ADVERTISEMENTS*
WcAro Specialists In tho
Painless Extraction of
TEE TH
rXTTSEXT TEAB8
XTo Charge for Painless Extraction When
We Make Tour Teeth.
W« do not advCTtl«e the lowest prices, but we
<3o rive you tbe be«t work at the following
prices :
BEAUTIFUL SET OP TEETH $5.00
Gold Crowns (22k) 5.00
Bridffe Work 8.00
Gold rilliars 1.00
Silver pniiars 60c
, NO STUDENTS. All work positively done by
DR. BOWERS and. ¦ Z>X. SMITH
UNIVERSITY DENTISTS.
"noor»^»' *: -n». tlWv 6 -p.- m.: : Sundays, 10
till 2 PHONE RED 1116.
Ladly Attendant. 10 Kearny St., S. F.
Larzett and Best Office In City.
ADVEBTISEMENTSb 'i"i'5
I^S^PIL^^K 0^ VRI9ST
Iflil e p ur p° se °^ th's st ° re is to id
Suli ! tfilv se " the best merc handise of every
WgjM ||vlm grade from the finest obtainable |N
HR! f |^# down to the least expensive. To sell !^— —
Bill always at the lowest prices for which .""("
fllii *™ ncst merchandise can be provided. %«*%
mBm II vffikll 'To make the accommodation and fig™
PQ| Kfiw satisfaction of the customer to the }=B.
BllP lilill ' ast<^ e § ree an essential part of each [<g|
IBf ImRhI sa ' e ' Ab° ve a " to {ix cvcr y t rans " r]*|§|
VQ» I! ITO action in the name of the house on a J 3 *
ISM! Ilili k as * s °* absolute integrity. %J,
I * lijljS^' \X7^%*xl Tr^Krx»t o Modern designs, effective colorings. £T* fl ¦ /» 0 Ff
* S !8iS^2Sl! VVOOl VeiVClS Some very choice pattern!. Ready JS | # | 5j isa-fTy
SP Nfflf Lowell Billow Body Brussels gffi^SS! IF
MfSu 5 "Will |r 4)p S J
S5ii/i2^P- 5* «*WtJ?l! good old weave is too well known to require further descrip- £mV% /-¦
5 * i5jJ£j|Jj*O tion. No carpet made as durable. Per yard . .• * .^ffl^y
¦ S^SSrl!?®? R^9» C*«%vfl* ATr««ii«r<i/NMn Fine deep pile. Floral and Persian effects. 1L j»
s!J I T jmiin Axminsters some choice pa t- ai ap y^^,
= * ftiitffaf&r ¦ terns. A weave that is JJ| I £T\ IIHIIII1I I '
|33aMEHPa^ 5 * Jflfjl liwr too well known to need lengthy description. Price, per yard. . f * K3l^
rSffffSI&Sf -JOT* Hi) r "Rf/t^lrkw Avmtrict^T»c Fine dee P P ile * Choice o 10 " 0^ ¦^^' l ''*.
i ' Im flf £ = fl P> ijlfteiOW -AXminSlCrS Oriental and floral (>1 JB mm >
tieiggls 1 ! S • m\\ |K designs. Each pat- jk B Zfi. *^ SP^&
Pliiljpll = 1H ill* tern is a chef d'oeuvre of the carpet designer's art. Per yard. . I! Jgl
S^nsm iN I* I • rkTn>» M"5»t*T^»/{ Our own importationr. Good fresh fl /> I > _,._ (
y^g I — I — Inina inalting fiber. Artistic colors. Per yard.. J^C f 99
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A RED HOT FOURTH
will be hard on shirts, collars, cuffa
and vests unless they are laundered
at a first-class laundry like the United
States.' You will find that your linen
will keep clean longer and in better
condition in hot weather when it is
done- up here than at any other laun-
dry in town.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MASXST ST»EET.
Toltpnona South 420.
Pure as Gold
Found by the miners in Cali-
fornia in 1849.
bp=S?| Golden
-Coffee I
Clean— Bright — Brilliant
J. A. Folger & Co.
Established Hall a Century.Every candidate for a back town
ship office imagines the country will
go to the dogs if he Isn't elected.
this evening and the Democratic hosts
invited to partake of the fruits and
wines brought along for distribution.
In fifteen minutes- the lobby of / the
Jefferson Hotel was closed to naviga
tion. Apricot and peach stones were
piled" an inch deep over ; the marble
floor and the crowd slid and skated and
tripped on the slimy pits. This did not
stop the run on the fruit counter, how
ever, and walking in the hotel became
more dangerous .with each passing
hour. .'v ,
The headquarters have been beauti
fully decorated and arranged under the
direction of C. ' F. Wyer, Commission
er to the World's Fair from Fresno,
and ,W. . N. Harris, I who" represents
Kings County and; theV Laguna* de
Tache rancho at .the /exposition. • Dried
fruits and raisins, artistically' placed,
were brought In from "the California
display : in the Agricultural building
and well arranged..'. It. is a / dutiful
display. : . . • • -
TACOMA, July 4. — Peat taken from
an immense .bog extending for five
miles along Nome River will soon be
placed on the market at Nome by the
Nome Tundra Fuel Company, of
which Lena Walton is general man
ager, Miss Walton located a peat bed'
four years ago and subsequently or
ganized a company at Washington, D.
C, with ex-Senator John M. Thurston
as .secretary, Arthur '* C. . Moses of
Washington as president and James
Hamilton Lewis of Chicago as general
counsel. „ Miss Walton has been a
unique figure in Alaska's, develop
ment since seven years ago, when she
first /went- over Chilkoot Pass. , She
owns a large number of tin'claims at
Cape York and her holdings at Nome
at least in extent rival those of
Charles D. Lane. .For several years
she has had - considerable litigation
with ¦ Lane and during, one lawsuit
Lane increased the • excitement . by
slapping her face. Miss Walton has
developed unusual psychic powers and
claims ,; that by mental telepathy /she
knows in advance what Lane and oth
ers^ are endeavoring to do to check
mate her own projects ¦ ' .
MISS WALTON* DEVELOPING
ALASKA PEAT CLAI3IS
LONDON, July 4.— The Government
to-night carried through Premier Bal
four's closure proposal, under which
business will be transacted for the re
mainder of the session of the House of
Commons, by a majority of eighty, de
spite.the heated denunciations of mem
bers of the opposition.
Balfour Defeats Opponents.
STOCKTON. July 4. — The County
Assessor to-day completed the foot
ings of San Joaquin County assess
ment rolls for the current year and
Fhows an increase in valuations of
$1. 275. 000. with a total assessment of
$35,000,293. The increase is very sig
nificant of strong growth when it is
considered that a large section of re
claimed lands in the northwestern
portion of the county were flooded
last spring by a break In the Sacra
mento River levee and that property
was thereby reduced in taxable val
uation. The great growth in the year
has been in irrigated sections and in
the reclaimed lands in the western
portion of the county.
¦ ? •
SAX JOSE, July 4. — Patrick L.
Ju<3ge. a well-known resident of Santa
Clara, was struck and killed by a pas
ter.per train near that place this after
noon as he was walking along the
track. Deceased was a native of Santa
Clara, aged 36 years.
5A2f JOAQUIX COUNTY
VALUATIONS INCREASE
Wins the High Honor in the Stadium
at St. Louis in Sharp
Competition.
ST. LOUIS. July^4.— Thomas F. Kiely
of Ireland won the all-around cham
pionship "of the worlrt rrom five other
noted athletes in the games held to-day
under the auspices of the Amateur
Athletic Union. The final score was:
Thomas Kiely, 60S6 per cent; Adam
B. Gunn of Buffalo, 5907 per cent; T.
Truxton Hare of the University of
Pennsylvania, 6S36 per cent; J. Hallo
way of the Greater New York Irish
Athletic Association, 5273 per cent. EI
lery H. Clark of Boston and John Grieb
of Philadelphia also started In the
events but Clark- was taken ill during
the hammer throw and left the com
petition. Grieb dropped out during the
pole - vault, his score up to^that time
being too low to give him a place. Sum
mary:
100-yard run — Won by Hare. Time,
10 4-5 seconds.
Putting: the 16-pound shot— Won by
Gunn. Distance, 40 feet 1 inch.
Running high jump — Won by Hallo
way. Height. 5 feet 6 inches.
8S0-yard walk— Won by Kiely. Time,
3:59.
Throwing 16-pound hammer— Won by
Kiely. Distance, 120 feet 7 Inches.
Pole vault — Won by Gunn. Height,
9 feet 9 inches.
120- yard hurdle — Won by Kiely. Time,
17 4-5 seconds.
Throwing 56-pound weight— Won by
Kiely. Distance, 29 feet 3 Inches.
Running broad jump — Won by Hare.
Distance, 19 feet 11 inches.
Mile run— Won by Hare. Time, 5:40.
KIELY, THE IRISH ATHLETE,
IS ALL-AROUND CHAMPION
PROGRAMMED CRUISES
ARE XOT CARRIED OUT
Yachtsmen Spend Holidays In Suisun
Creek, the Sacramento River and
the Upper Bay.
The cruise of. the San Francisco
Yacht Club to Xapa City and that of
the Cal'fornia Yacht Club to San
Mateo Point having been called oiT,
the owners sailed as they pleased.
Commodore Jennings, Vice Commo
dore J. C. Brickell and F. Stone being
engaged, with other well-known
Corinthians, in sailing the sloop Corin
thian, the scheduled cruise to Army
Point, through Montezuma Slough to
Vallejo. and back to Tiburon, did not
attract many boats.
During the holidays the sloops Edna
and Emma cruised up the Suisun
Creek to Suisun. while the sloops
Thelma, Truant and Phoenicia went
up the Sacramento River. The sloops
Mignon, Edna, Emma and Aeolus,
with the yawl Spray, too part yester
day in the handicap race of the Corin
thian fleet from Vallejo to Tiburon
Cove, which was in charge o? T. J.
Kavanaugh and J. K. Bulger of the
regatta committee.
The yawl Idler, flagship of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club, cruised on Satur
day night to Sheep Island and yester
day went to Paradise Cove, returning
in the evening to Oakland Creek.
The yawl lola cruised to Benicia and
the stoop Pactolus to Vall^jo durin?
the holidays. The sloops Elthe and
Hazel S were at Paradise Cove on Sun
day. The schooner Frances cruised to
Vallejo, returning yesterday. The sloop
Ariel of the San Francisco Yacht Club
cruised up Suisun Creek.
Miss Sntton and Partner Victors.
NEW YORK. July 4.— Miss May Sut
ton of California, the new national ten
nis champion, and H. F. Allen to-day
defeated Miss Marian Hall of Califor
nia and Frederick B. Alexander, 4-6,
6-4, 6-4, 6-3, on the grounds of the
Crescent Athletic Club, Bay Ridge, in
a special invitation mixed doubles
match.
They Hold a Reunion . In Their Old
Home. n
EXEMPTS GREET GUESTS.
The Exempt Fire Company of this
city celebrated the "Fourth and inci
dentally the anniversary of the rais
ing the American flag on Portsmouth
square, July 9, 1846, by a reunion yes
terday in the old engine-house on
Brenham place.
It was an informal affair. A num
ber of the old time 11 friends of the vet
erans of the volunteer department
strolled In and were received with that
cordiality that characterized the as
sociation in its palmiest days. Re
freshments were served and all who
called were invited to partake of the
hospitality of the old boys.
Among the visitors was Mrs. Ma
son Wilson, the daughter of John W.
Kissling, who was one of the earliest
shipmasters In San Francisco Bay.
She exhibited to the assembled Ex
empts and their guests a historic
document. This was the written de
mand that was served July 9, 1846,
after the raising of the Stars and
Stripes, on Senor Don Francisco San
chez, commander of the Mexican
forces at Yerba Buena, now San Fran
cisco, calling upon him to surrender
to the American forces. It was Signed
by John B. Montgomery, commander
United States sloop-of-war Ports
mouth. After reciting the fact of the
war between # the United States and
Mexico, it has the following pointed
sentence: "I have seized Yerba Bue
na, raised the American flag and have
men enough to hold the place.""
This was read and the reading was
loudly applauded. Then there were
cheers for the commodore who raised
the flag at Yerba Buena.
.It was announced that a close ex
amination had been made of the rec
ords with the result that out of the
1290 who were at one time members
of the company only 214 are living,
and that during the year ending June
30 the following members were sum
moned and answered the last roll call:
Peter B. Quinlan, Thomas Brady,
Dennis Jordan, Samuel Rainey, Simon
Fltzpatrlck, Louis Levy, William Cros
by, D. D. McClellan, William G. Bad
ger, Frank Atkinson, Frederick
Brown, Timothy F. Harden and
Thomis O'Neil.
v President Henry D. Hudson was the
master of ceremonies and during the
afternoon called upon ex- Judge Rob
ert Ferrrl and E. C. Stock to address
the assemblage. •. .
California has been praised much and
"cussed" more to-night. The decora
tion of the headquarters was completed
Tarpey says he regrets very much
that any friction should exist among
the delegates. The conduct of McGee
and Mooser has been most exemplary,
he says. The exemplary conduct of Mc-
Gee and Mooser is not winning them
any prizes, however.
Tarpey and Al Murphy are very busy
in their efforts to add votes - to the
Hearst roll. It Is slim picking for them)
but if they are discouraged they don't
say so. They admit, however, that their
acquisitions have- not been by delega
tions.
' A meeting of the California delega
tion was called for 9 o'clock this even
ing by Chairman Tarpey, but a post
ponement' was ordered that the dele
gates that are expected to arrive in
the morning may participate in the de
liberations. J. Harvey McCarthy, alar
tin C. Marsh and Martin F. Betouski
of Los Angeles and W. E. Shepherd of
Ventura are still absent. Out of cour
tesy to. them the delegation will take
no formal action regarding appoint
ments until they are on the scene, al
though all of the committeemen have
been selected, as heretofore announced.
W. J. McGee and Louis H. "Mooser,
the McNab wing of the delegation, were
at headquarters to-night,' and although
they are not pleased with the situation
they are not saying much out loud.
"We- have too much political sense to
expect anything from the people that
control this delegation," said McGee
to-night, "but we have the satisfaction
of knowing that ,we represent the best
wing of the Democracy of California,
We stood with McNab because he rep
resents the respectable element of the
party. Our eclipse here is only tem
porary. At home our end runs things."
, TAKPEY EXPRESSES REGRET.
"I saw William J. Connors last even-
Ing at the Planters, and, being an old
friend of many years' acquaintance, he
freely expressed himself on the politi
cal situation. Connors is the pro
prietor of two of the Democratic dal
lies of Buffalo and trains with the Tam
many people. He boldly asserted that
Parker would get the Tammany sti
letto and emphasized by exclaiming
that as a gambler he had $50,000 to
bet, if Cleveland were nominated, that
he would be elected."
TAMMANY'S KNIFE IS OUT.
"The spectacle of seeing, old faces
and again conversing with Califor
nians in the torrid, turbulent political
whirlpool of St. Louis is singularly
strange. Every Californian is most
anxious to see the end of this unpre
cedented political riddle. The Parker
men are boasting that they have the
cinch upon the New Yorker's nomina
tion, but in conversation with M. F.
Tarpey a little while ago he felt san
guine that the Wall-street nominee
was impossible. William F. Sheehan
and Norman E. Mack, two of Parker's
most astute manipulators, feel that the
doors are closed against all outsiders.
As I was originally from Buffalo,
where I had been intimately ac
quainted with both of these gentlemen,
they were easy of access and spoke
without restraint.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, ST. LOUIS, July 4.—
"Boom, boom, boom! First, flrs£,- first!
California, California! Hearst, Hearst,
Hearst!"
It was a sad spectacle when Tarpey's
obedient adherents 'of. the California
delegation turned the foregoing loose '
in the corridors of the Jefferson Hotel
this evening. They had been practicing
this thrilling yell all the afternoon,, out
in the alley behind the Coliseum. Dele
gate Carmichael, author of the battle
cry, waived the baton, while the root
ers struggled to memorize the compli
cated line and master the details of
time and tune. Finally the rooters
were declared a perfectly trained or- j
ganization. Carmichael was congratu
lated for his genius. All spoke gen
erously and feelingly regarding ' the
necessity of hurling such deadly muni
tion into the camp of the enemy, but
It was agreed that the welfare of the
nation demanded its use.
So the rooters, stripped of dignity
but clothed wifh' hope, marched Into
the Jefferson Hotel. Delegate Car
michael raised his hand, and Califor
nia's campaign yell rang through the
corridors. The multftude gathered
around and gazed curiously upon these
men that had shattered the quiet, but
no one cheered. The rooters looked
discouraged, but tried it again. The
curious moved in a little closer. Panlo
began to show in the faces of the root
ers, but Leader Carmichael rallied
them and they re-formed for their third
assault.
DEATH THROE*S OF A YEMi.
"Boom! First! California! Hearst!"
Scared by the yawns of indifference
and stares askance the ranks ,of the
rooters broke up. They fled and Cali
fornia's yell had perished.
• It is a regrettable affair, for its liter
ary merit must be admitted. There is
no word in the language that rhymes
better with Hearst than "first." True,
its meaning as used In the line Is ob
scure, but this may be attributed to
poetic license. Neither Delmas nor
Tarpey aided the rooters. They were
congratulated for their exerefse of self
restraint. It is hardly probable that
Delmas' desire to save his voice was
alone responsible for his failure to get
in on this wild demonstration.
Thomas B. O'Brien,' who is known
by every politician in California and
once made a hard fight in San Fran
cisco for election as Congressman, ar
rived at the Jefferson in ftme to be
present at the birth and death of the
"Boom-flrst-Hearst" war cry. For the
rest of the evening he remained
around the California headquarters,
telling his old acquaintances of his
pursuit of fortune in the mines near'
Butte City, Mont. Though he Is a Re
publican, Tom O'Brien never over
looks an opportunity to take a hand
in politics. This is what he had to
say:
BY FREDERIC \V. BISHOP.
Staff Correspondent of The Call. .
ST. LOUIS. July 4. — The action of
Pennsylvania to-night in voting to
abendon their favorite son and support
Judge Parker almost entirely changed
the situation so far as the divided sen
timent in the New York delegation was
concerned. Senator Hill was led to re
mark that with another Email accession
Judge Parker would be elected on the
f rst ballot. William F. Sheehan, who
has been the active leader of the
Parker forces, and August Belmont
deprecated this and argued that it
would be wise to allow the other States
to at least have the honor of naming
In convention their favorite candidates.
The news was received at the Tam
many headquarters in an entirely dif
ferent way. Leader Murphy at first re
fused to believe It. saying that he had
been assured to-night that the Penn
sylvania delegation would support Pat
tison. After the Tigers had somewhat
recovered from their surprise they still
pave it as their view that there would
be enough votes held by individual can
didates to prevent Parker obtaining a
romJnating vote, at least on the first
ftre or six ballots. Leader Murphy
eaid:
"We expected Pennsylvania to have
f candidate of Its own; but we are not
<*.i5heartened. There are still two or
three days before the nomination and
Tve shall continue active work against
Parker, not because we dislike him per
sonally, but we know th»t he cannot
carry New York State."
Bourke Cockran ar.d some others of
the leaders In Tammany went over to
Alabama's delegation during the even-
Ing to try to persuaaJe it to consolidate
«tp ten anti-Parker votes. Alabama has
Twenty-two votes, twelve of which are
instructed for Parker, the others being
divided on several candidates. It is un
derstood that Cockran was met by the
threat by the twelve Parker adherent^
that if any attempt were made to con
filidate the other interests they would
adopt the unit rule and cast the whole
twenty-two votes* for Parker.
Still another rebuff to Tammany's
plans came from Virginia. Tammany,
assisted by Henry G. Davis of West
Virginia, had been attempting to win
the Virginia delegation away from
Fark«?r. Senator i Martin of Virginia
trlrgTaphed to Senator Hill this after
noon that while en route to the conven
tion the Virginia delegation had voted
•unanimously to Bupuort Judge Parker.
The fact that the day has passed
without bringing to the fore any figure
around which the anti-Parker element
reems able to rally has taken a great
deal of life out of the situation. While
the contest over the platform and the
second place on the ticket will afford a
great deal pf Interest when fought out
in the convention itself, the majority
of the delegates and those who come to
see a convention and shout for their
favorites are almost . wholly interested
in the head of the ticket. The result is
that an air of apathy pervades the lob
bies and other places where the rank
and file assemble.
The men who are talking about Judge
Gray are met with the question: Where
are the votes to be secured to nominate
him? The delegations with "favorite
sons" as yet manifest an unwillingness
to enter into combinations, and in the
interest of their own candidates they
do not desire to antagonize Parker. If
by any chance there Is a deadlock they
all hope to secure votes from the Park
er column In the break-up. Nor are the
"favorite son" delegations such as can
be transferred.
In several cases Parker is the second
choice of the delegates. This is notably
true of the votes instructed for Hearst.
It is k not believed that the editor candi
date' could control them for any other
candidate, while it is evident that quite
a large number from the Northwest are
ready to vote for Parker on the second
ballot.
Gorman, Gray and Cleveland have
been suggested, but no one is prepared
to give assurances that either could re
ceive the nomination. The mention of
Cleveland 'has a tendency in some
quarters to solidify the Parker
strength, for many delegates say they
do not want to take even the slightest
chance of allowing Cleveland a fourth
nomination.
While there is a very friendly feeling
for Gorman among the Southern dele
gates, including those who are under
Instructions. or bound by the unit rule
to vote for Parker, yet the predomi
nant expression from this element is
that the effort now making In behalf
of the Maryland Senator Is too late.
They also point to the fact that when
delegates were being chosen Gorman
gave no sigh that he desired the nom
ination. It is too much to expect, they
say, that delegates who were chosen
as Parker men, whether under instruc
tions or not, will desert him now as
long as there is a possibility of secur
ing his nomination.
' The opposition to Judge Parker) in
its effort to tighten the lines and make
sure of holding the delegations now
counted as ' opposed to him, have
brought out two new candidates In, the
persons of former Governor Pattlson
of Pennsylvania and General Miles.
The opposition leaders appreciate to
the utmost the difficulty of preventing
a stampede to Parker, should his lead
become pronouncedly manifest, but
they are counting upon doing this by
appealing to the local pride of the dif
ferent "favorite son" delegations to
hold on as long as possible.
No. announcement was given out from
Senator Gorman to-night, and Vandi
ver, who had said early In the day that
he expected a communication, sakl to
night that he had received none. , Gor
man's position as a conditional candi
date, however, has become, so well
known that no formal statement from
him is necessary. His friends still ex
pect to press his candidacy If Parker
falls of success, and In the meantime
they will do all they can to bring about
such a situation.
The wisdom of casting the votes
known to be for Gorman for other can
didates has been canvassed and this
course practically decided upon. It is
not yet absolutely determined 'just what
aspirant will be thus complimented,
but the choice lies between Pattison
and Cockrell. The votes absolutely un
der Gorman's control are those of
Maryland, West Virginia and the Dis
trict of Columbia.
' ST. LOUIS, July 4.— "Parker on the
second ballot, perhaps on the first."
That is to-night the claim of the men
who are In charge of the political af
fairs of the New York candidate. All
day long the Parker opponents have
tried to perfect a programme which
would prolong the balloting and af
ford an opportunity to name another
candidate, but apparently they have
not succeeded. Many combinations
have been suggested, but so far they
seem to have proved incapable of being
assembled into a shape sufficiently sub
stantial to show the independent and
uninstructed delegates how another
candidate could be named. Men who
are supposed to hold the balance of
power have asked', the Parker oppo
nents to say what would be done after
Parker has been put out of the race,
but to-night they say they have re
ceived no satisfactory "answer.
After an almost continuous session
of nine hours the sub-committee, to
which was submitted the evidence in
the fourteen contests in the State of
Illinois, went into executive session at
midnight with every indication that Its
verdict would be a victory for Hop
kins and his faction. The evidence
in. each of the district cases related
to the convention at Springfield, where
Chairman Frank P. Quinn was accused
of riding roughshod over the rights
of two-thirds of the delegates and of
arbitrary and illegal substitution by
the secretary of the -convention of
names of men who were not elected
or even submitted to State caucuses as
delegates to the national convention.
The discussion was at times very
warm.
A long and bitter fight was waged
before the sub-committee that^ heard
the contest In the Twelfth Ohio Dis
trict, where C. D. Saviers and John C.
L. Pugh, two Hearst men, are seeking
to unseat James Ross and C. F. Gil
liam. Allan Thurman made two
speeches for Ross and Gilliam and John
J. Lentz spoke twice for the contest
ants. Saviers, Ross and Pugh also
spoke In their own behalf., Gilliam de
clined, saying that it was not neces
sary for him to speak. It Is claimed by
the contestants that they were not
given sufficient time prior to the meet
ing of the committee to certify all of
their delegates and were therefore de
prived of 176 votes. The sub-committee
decided to report in favor of the con
testees. Roes and Gilliam.
In the contested case in the Tenth
Indiana District, which was referred
to the sub-committee of which Senator
Tillman was chairman, it was decided
after both sides had been heard that
the case was not one In which the na
tional committee had Jurisdiction, the
regular delegates having been duly de
clared elected bV the Indiana Demo
cratic State Convention. The flght in
this district was between the Hearst
and the Parker factions. The result of
the decision of the sub-committee is
that the Parker delegates, Daniel
Elmms and Martin Kruger, will be
recommended to the national commit
tee by the sub-committee as the regu
lar delegates.
VICTORY FOR HOPKINS.
The sub-committee which heard the
evidence in the contests in the First,
Second, Sixth and Eighth New Jersey
districts adjourned without action.
The South Dakota contest flattened
out and the regular delegate was not
disturbed.
Maine — J. B. Eaton, North Dakota
(chairman); Henry Lehman, Louisiana
(proxy); Marion Taylor, South Dakota;
J. R. Jacobs, Oklahoma; J. M. Hurlbut,
Idaho.
South Dakota— M. F. Tarpey, Cali
fornia (chairman); M. A. Milne, Ore
gon; T. L. Norris, New Hampshire; W.
F. Sheehan, New York (proxy); Wal
lace McLaurin (proxy), Mississippi.
Pennsylvania— James M. Head, Ten
nessee (chairman) ; R. R.. Kenny, Dela
ware; Urey Woodson. Kentucky;
Thomas Taggart, Indiana; H. P.
Spauldinp. Indian Territory.
District of Columbia— D. B. Fergu
son, New Mexico, chairman; J.. M. S.
Neil, Montana; W. H. Murphy, Wash
ington; B. P. Raney, Florida;. D. H.
Peery, Utah, proxy.
Indiana— B. R. Tillman, South Caro
lina, proxy, chairman; E. L. Johnson,
Ohio, proxy; Josephus Daniels, North
Carolina; J. P. Clark, 'Arkansas; J. M.
Green, Rhode Island.
New Jersey — Henry D. Clayton, Ala
bama, chairman; J. R. Ryan, Nevada;
J. G. Johnson, Kansas; Joseph Lutey,
Vermont; J. T. Osborne, Wyoming.
The sub-committees went Into ses
sion Immediately following the adjourn,
ment of the national committee. The
committee will meet again to-morrow
at 10 o'clock, when the sub-committees
will report.
HEARST CONTESTS FAIL.
The committee reconvened at 2
o'clock in the afternoon, and Chairman
Jones announced the sub-committees
to listen to the evidence In the contests
as follows:
Illinois— William J. Stone, Missouri
(chairman); Adair Wilson, Colorado;
T. B. O'Brien, Minnesota; Norman E.
Mack, New York; John T. McGraw,
West Virginia.
Ohio— J. B. Breathitt, Arizona (chair
man); W. B. Gourley, New Jersey; R.
M. Johnston (Texas); O. F. Williams,
Massachusetts; J. T. Ellison, Virginia.
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— The national
committee, met at 10 o'clock to take up
the contests for temporary seats In
the convention. The main flght was
in the Illinois case, which included the
seats of John Hopkins and Ben T.
Cable, delegates at large, and two dele
gates from each of the thirteen other
districts.
William J. Bryan, who has made the
fight of the Illinois contestants one of
his own, was one of the first to enter
the committee room, having obtained
the proxy of James C. Dahlman, .na
tional commltteeman from Nebraska-
John P. Hopkins was there to fight
for his own seat, holding a proxy which
he had obtained from Thomas Gahan,
the commilteeman from Illinois.
The Harrison and Hearst factions
scored the lirst success before the com
mittee. As soon as the Illinois flght
was taken up it was agreed by both
sides that the better way to settle the
dispute was to permit it to rest with
a sub-committee, which should report
to the national committee later. The
Important issue then came on the man
ner of the appointment of the sub
committee. Chairman James K. Jones
of the national committee Is favorably
Inclined to the Harrison and Hearst
people, and they naturally desired to
have him appoint the committee. John
P. Hopkins made a vigorous argument
in favor of the appointment of the
sub-committee by votes of the national
committee. The firet test of strength
came on the vote, and the national
committee voted in favor of the Harri
son and Hearst plan of selection by 25
to 16.
SUB- COMMITTEES XAMED.
Only three men are mentioned now
in connection With the nomination for
the Presidency— W. V. Allen of Ne
braska, Samuel Williams of Indiana and
Thomas E. Watson.' Allen, refused to
enter into a scramble for the nomina
tion and to-nighf intimated that he
would not accept the honor if there
was going to be any contest over it.
He wants the nomination to come to
him unanimously. Watson is in a sim
ilar state of feeling and he wrote a
letter, it is said, to»the effect that he
did not want to be the standard bearer
for the Populists this year.
Williams of Indiana Is leaving noth
ing undone to capture the nomination
and his friends say that if he cannot
get first place he is willing to take
second.
While the platform is not completed,
some of the, more prominent men have
made an outline of It. It is said. that
former Senator Allen will have more
to say about the platform than any
other person. The sentiment favors
the adoption of the Omaha platform of
1S92, with planks for postal savings and
initiative and referendum.
At large— J. H. Edmiston, Nebraska,
chairman; Frank W. Owers, Colorado;
Dr. 8. D. Burdick, Indian Territory;
E. "W. Ridgley, Kansas; William
Clancy, Montana, and John S. Allen,
Oklahoma.
The committee did not meet until
late to-night. To-morrow nominations
will be made.
SPRINGFIEX.D. 111., July 4.— When
the Populist National Convention was
called to order this afternoon there
Were fewer than 200 delegates In the
hall, some 600 delegates failing to ap
pear. There were not more than sev
enty-five citizens present besides the
delegates. Mayor Devereaux, who was
scheduled to extend a word of wel
come, did not attend, nor did he send
a representative or an explanation of
his absence. There were hundreds of
empty seats in the State Arsenal. Only
twenty-three States were represented
In the convention.
The convention was called to order
by Vice Chairman J. H. Edmiston of
Nebraska and the call for the conven
tion was read by Jo A. Parker of Ken
tucky, national chairman. Charles A.
de France of Nebraska was made tem
porary secretary.
After the temporary organization
had been perfected the convention lis
tened to addresses by Allen' of Nebras
ka and Rev. Mr. Nelson of St. Louis.
It was 5 o'clock before the speechmak
ing was .over.
The following were made members of
the committee on resolutions: '
Murphy Accuses the Quaker
State Delegation of
Deception.
Bryan Acts as Hearst's Eep
resentative in Dlinois
Vj[ lltll I Cl.
Calif ornians Wilt Under tne
Inquiring ' of
Listeners.
Only One Man Is Earnestly
Striving to Head the
; Ticket.
Second Ballot Will Greatly
Increase the *N T ew York
Man's Strength.
Sub-Committees Begin the
Hearing of Contests
for Seats.
Hearst Yell Stirs Awe and
Wonder of Convention
City Crowd.
Foes of Parker Still IJnable
to Unite Upon a
'><.:>' Candidate. -
Action of Pennsylvania^
Proves Hard Blow to
Tammany.
National Convention of the
Populist Party a De
cided Frost.
HEARST'S STRENGTH WANES AND GORMAN QUITS
.¦'.,.¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 5, 1904.
3
~l __ . . i.'^C . .. ADVERTISEMENTS.
S U FFE R ED N I N E YEARS
{-'""•,"--: WITH CATARRH OF THE STOMACH. ;||
« <$$?> - j PE-RU-NA CURED.
(&^^ =^^pW*2$$j3y~?^'~~~^^€)) Mr< X " E- Bunker > Newton. Cal.. writes:
/>gftroe6$yjgS^^ ~^\{ " F ° r n ' ne Jrear3 ' " as 5/c * ""** chronic
Lf*!^ ' V2^^S^S«^^^- ¦ &, catarrh of tho stomach — could scarcely tat
I ¦.." " ¦!¦-,- * enough to keep me a/ire. Hardly had a
I >eJMagj^ljS~^~^gj^v natural taste in my mouth the whole time.
I /dj^^^^^^^^^^^^^i^N. I took all sorts of treatment, but without
I PS^-^^pf^^yjwSa^^^-^-^-^t^^X any benefit, and the doctors said it was
I J^^^^^^^^S^-r^^~§.V$5^b only a question of time when I would suc-
cumb to the disease By accident I com-
menced taking Peruna. After three months'
I^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^&O treatment I was completely cured. I could
eat anything I wanted, and always felt well
yW^^^^^^^^^^^S^l medicine to many of my friends and will
W^^^mi^^^^^w always be9ladto speak a 9° od mord for
• I — ' Dyspepsia Cured by Pc-ru-na.
\J^- 1^^^A^^^iK;'-'k/i' MiSS . Arnanda Moore. Marshall. Tex..
,'ll have suffered for several years past
K^Mik wlth acute dyspepsia and aftrr tryinc
ESaSJIlfst; WBS^mSWfmmmM/f^^ several remedies without any help, d^-
cided that U was m >- **** *o suffer
through this life. Last winter I took.
}^^^»iima^mmmiimmt^m'i£air»^mmA,JSbt)m^.^-- Periityj. for severe catarrh, the effects of
R5^^ "^^^™~^™^^™^™™ —^^^^|l a cold, and you can imagine- my Joy when
Sir XT C D7 IXflfED V^ I found that this wonderful remedy not
f /V. JO. jDu/VACn onIy cured my catarrh - but helped my
I * ¦ • \ ¦ y " pepsin*
'. I 1 ¦¦ 1 if "I took three bottles and found myself
1 » 1 j ¦ ~^-.^J*Z^p wel1 and strong. I can now eat heartily
¦ *ff*£^J><^<T^O_jG5n>''Y\"^ N^^» an< * have gained twelve pounds and have
N{»^ "/jCT pO °' 1 reason to Praise Perur.a." — Miss
A Rear-A<Jm:ra! f s Praise for Pc ru na ; Us8 Pc - runa *°r the Gatarrtial
i Mr. Philip HIchborn. Rear Admiral U. Disease* Of Summ-f.
S. Navy. Washington. D. C.i Supervisor The diseases most common In summer
of the building, of the leadlns battle- are those of the stomach, bowels and
ships of the Navy, In a recent letter other pelvic organs. A remedy that cures
¦ays: - . a ji tne ca tarrhal derangements of these
"After the use of your Peruna for a organs should certainly be considered a
short period. I can now cheerfully rec- household necessity during this season,
ommend your valuable remedy to any Poruna Is this very remedy. A book of
one who is in need of an invigorating testimonials, containing hundreds of
tonic." — Philip Uichborn. cures, sent free to any address.
Our files contain hundreds of testimo- A symptom of catarrh of the stomach
nials similar to the above, from men ia sour stomach and heavy feeling after
who are prominent in national affairs, eating.
Thousands of people have ca'arrh of the stomach, or bowels, or other
pelvic organs, so prevalent in summer, and do not know it. '
We have thousands of testimonials like that of Mr. Bunker touching
the merits of Peruna as a remedy for all catarrhal diseases.
Do not delay { Buy Peruna to-day, for a day gained means a day
nearer recovery. \ ' '- '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cowboy-Hats* 1 .25
5 V . Wear a cowboy hat on your vacation. The broad
brim will protect you from sunburn. Besides, you
will find them the proper thing for outing — they' are
worn extensively this summer.
We sell a good cowboy hat, including stamped
leather strap, as pictured, for $1 .25-
You can get the hat in any width of brim from '3 •
to 4 inches wide.
Hats like ours sell about the city for $1.50. Here
you get the hat and strap, too, for $1 .25.
Mail Orders Filled— Write Us
SftWOOtHfl)
740 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C. Your heart beats for a
whole lifetime by resting
between every beat.
CThe right food is rest
for your body. That is
why eating "FORCE"
freshens you up so. j
Others have found in "FORCE" all
the food flrmrnts they need, without
sacrifice of tbjnf» that make food appe-
tizing.
So will rcu.
It is delicious, crisp, satisfying.
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BYJohn, Wicks, the. .village ; merchant,
was the direct cause. . Wicks drove. to
town. to purchase his supply of fire
works. t He remained in the city until
Sunday afternoon, starting - home jlate
ALTOONA, P«., July 4.— There was
no fireworks display to-night in Cou
pon, a town on the summit of the Al
leghencles. The celebration had-al
ready come off, and, as it was prema
ture,, there was. plenty of excitement
while the fireworks lasted.
Wagon Load of Fireworks Explodes in
' Front of Meeting-House and \
--_ Stampedes Congregation.
L.RAVK TJIELR PRAYERS
TO ESCAPE , SKYROCKETS
SAN DIEGO, July 4.— independence
day was celebrated here on a more ex
tensive scale than In former years. In
the morning there was a grand pro
cession, followed by patriotic exercises
on the plaza. In the afternooh .there
was a good programme of yacht rac
ing and rowing and swimming con
tests at Coronado.
Aquatic Sports at San Diego.
LIMA, Ohio, July 4. — Edward D.
Lappin stands charged with man
slaughter to-night as the result of his
attempt to act the part of a peace
maker betwen two brothers who had
become Involved in a quarrel over fire
works.
Harold Cline, 20 years old, and his
brother, Ralph, who is a few years
younger, sons of E. E. Cline, a wealthy
oil man of this city, had a dispute as
to who should set off certain fire
works. Trie boys indulged in a fist
fight and Lappin Btepped between
them with the intention of separating
them. Harold resented the interfer
ence and savagely attacked Lappin.
Lappin struck the boy just once, hit
ting him on the head. Harold fell to
the floor unconscious and died an hour
later. Lappin is the only son of Mrs.
Caroline Lappin, a' wealthy widow.
Ohio Man Slays Belligerent Who Re
sents Ills Interference In Fight
AVIth Brother.
ACTS PART OF PEACEMAKER
AND GISTS INTO TROUBLE
OYSTER BAY, .L- L, July 4.—Presi
dent Roosevelt spent to-day picnicking
with his family. To-night the Roose
velt children celebrated .with .flr'eworksl
Friends of the family throughout the*
neighborhood were Invited. The display
of pyrotechnics was followed .by light
refreshments and a hop for the chil
dren.
President ,IIas Quiet Day.
SAN JOSE, July 4.— The Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, Prohibi
tionists and Good Templars had a
celebration at College Park. A couple
of thousand spent the day quietly In
the grove of the University of the Pa
cific. Mrs. A. L. Whitman was presi
dent of the day. Hon. P. E. Cut
ler of Portland, Or., delivered the ora
tion. -
Exercises at College Park.
VISALIA, July 4. — The greatest pa
triotic celebration in the history of
Tulare County wa3 held in this city
to-day. Herman T. Miller was presi
dent of the day. Hon. S. C. Smith of
Bakersfield waa the orator and Miss
Beulah Van Loan was goddess of lib
erty. . Miss Wissie Jones represented
California.
Demonstration at Visalla.
tlichard J. Barry of .7J2 Tehama
street while talking with a friend at
Eighth and Howard streets was struck
on the ' head by a falling skyrocket
stick and knocked to the pavement. He
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital for a lacerated wound of the
scalp. •//«•
Joseph Derendinger of 446 Tehama
street while discharging a roman can
dle received one of the colored stars on
his neck and -was severely burned. His
Injury was treated at . the Central
Emergency Hospital.
a hole through his shoe and sustained
a severe lacerated wound of the left
foot. , v.:::
The parade was not especially dis
tinctive, but it was Imposing:, as
Fourth .of July parades should be. In
the column were large representations
of the leading civic and fraternal or
ganizations. In the ranks were men
well known in political and commer
cial life. A feature of the. parade was
the Veteran firemen of San Francisco
and their old hand fire engine.
Owing to the tardiness of the trains
the procession was late In starting,
but once started It passed off without
a hitch. Dr. C. W. Decker was grand
marshal. j
The parade over, the literary exer
cises were immediately begun. A. S.
Ferguson made introductory remarks.
Ffed L. Thomas welcomed the people
and Frank McGowan of San Fran
cisco delivered a stirring address.
Grace Davis Northnip and Jerome C.
Carroll sang.
The hose race between the Palo
People began to throng the streets
early in the day and before the noon
hour fully 7000 were in town. They
came from San Francisco, San Mateo.
Redwood City, Santa Clara, Menlo
Park, San Jose, Gilroy, In fact, Palo
Alto seemed to be the Mecca for
everybody in this section who wanted
to celebrate. • "*W
PALO ALTO. July 4. — The celebra
tion of the 128th anniversary of
America's independence will be long
remembered by the people of Palo
Alto and those who visited this city.
The word had gone out that the citi
zens of the little university town were
to do something out of the ordinary
and there was no disappointment. It
is not exaggeration' to say that no
town in this part of the State has ever
done better.
Celebration Most Imposing In History
of the University Town.
GREAT DAY AT PALO ALTO.
SANTA BARBARA, July 4. — A
striking feature,, of the Fourth of July
celebration in this city to-day was the
presence in the line-up of the parade
of nearly 200 Filipino students, who
were recently sent to this country
from the Philippine Islands to be ed
ucated. They are now attending sum
mer school in Santa Barbara prepara
tory to proceeding to the East to take
up collegiate courses.
Filipinos Cheer Uncle Sam.
FRESNO, July 4. — The Fourth of
July waa celebrated to-day by 20,000
people, who congregated from all
points of the county. Fifty cowboys
and as many Indians were in the par
ade. Dr. Chester Rowell was president
of the day and H. E. Barbour orator.
Cowboys and Indians Parade.
STOCKTON. July 4. — Stockton cel
ebrated the Fourth of July with thft
opening* of a street fair and caTnival
to last throughout the week, under
the auspices of the Uniform Rank
Knights of Pythias. There was a pa
rade In the morning and a literary and
musical programme at the Yosemite
Theater during the afternoon. Later
in the day there was a regatta on
Stockton Channel.
Stockton Has Variety.
SALINAS, July 4. — Salinas had a
great day on the Fourth. There was
a parade with floats, and this waa fol
lowed by literary and musical exer
cises at the pavilion, open air concerts
morning, noon and evening, with h
fine display of fireworks at night, all
concluding with a grand ball at the
Armory.
Celebration at Salinas.
OWINGSVILLE, Ky.. July 4.— News
reached here to-day of a desperate en
counter in the mountains of Leeley
County between a huge mountain lion
and Mrs. Martha Miller, a young widow.
Mrs. Miller, accompanied by her dog, a
big mastiff, was walking along a lonely
mountain pike, when with a growl a
big lion sprang upon her, knocking her
to the ground. She scrambled to her
feet and grasped a stick, with which
she began beating the lion, at the same
time calling her dog to her aid.
The lion sprang again, this time
sinking h!j teeth in the woman's neck
and shoulder, terribly lacerating her.
Battling for her life. Mrs. Miller
struck the lion again and again, finally
forcing it to loosen its grasp upon her.
Then the dog attacked the lion ' and
after a hard struggle succeeded in
fastening his teeth in the beast's
throat and killing it.
Mrs. Miller is badly injured, but will
recover. The lion was one of the
largest ever killed in Kentucky.
The staff of the Central Emergency
Hospital had a busy day. From early
morning till late last night the over
patriotic crowded the operating-room.
Chester Boehm, 14 years of age,
held a cannon cracker in his hand
just an instant too long. His hand
was badly torn by the explosion.
Edward French, age 12, celebrated
with the deadly toy pistol, which lac
erated his wrist badly.
A cheerful idiot who used blank
cartridges managed to fire a piece of
wadding into the face of George Sulli
van. The missile narrowly missed Sul
livan's eye.
A crowd in a Harrison-street saloon
was knocking spots out of imaginary
Hessians with billiard cues. .Daniel
O'Brien saved one of the ghost red
coats by interfering with his head.
O'Brien saw more stars than are on
the up-to-date flag.
Andrew Wood, aged 13, held a fire
cracker in his hand. He wishes now
that he had let the matter drop. His
fingers were painfully burned.
: fiuch arrogance as this Is In strange contrast
with the sentiments that befit, the profitable
enjoyment of a general celebration by our peo
ple on Independence day.
- Yours very truTy.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
The 4ntent of that great instrument was not
only to declare the equality of man. but . to
dr-cree its maintenance, and the Independence
It proclaimed signified not only our people's
freedom from a government which lacked their
consmt. but also their lasting freedom in po
litical thought and action.
No one can be so blind as. not to see that
In these days of grasping and consuming mad
tie«B hi the pursuit of wealth, with its con-
Fequent indifference to political duty, 'there Is
danger that our social and Industrial equality,
like our political independence, will be made
the snort of demagogues.
The celebration of Independence day should,
above all things, be directed toward a resist
ance to these tendencies, and to the promotion
of a'wholesome American sentiment, which de
mands fairness and equality In sharing the
blessings of our popular government and un
fettered independence and effectiveness In the
exercise of political rights.
, Nor should It be forgotten that the fathers
ot the republic delivered the- results of their
work unreservedly to the care and management
of all the people. Nothing, therefore, can be
more startling or can indicate a greater re
liance by designating hypocrisy upon popular
degeneracy than the impudent assertion by a.
political organization seeking to perpetuate its
aecendency, that none not within Us fold is
either competent or honest enough to be trusted
with governmental direction."
NEW YORK, July 4. — Wholesome
American sentiment, which demands
fairness 'and equality in sharing the
blessings of our popular government,
was urged in a letter from former
President Grover Cleveland which was
read at the annual Fourth of July
celebration of Tammany Hall. Mr.
Cleveland's letter was as follow:
PRINCETON. N. J., June 2S.— Dear Sir: Ije
gret that my departure to-day for my summer
vacation ar.il plans 1 have made for its enjoy
ment make It impoMible for me to join the
Tammany Society In Its celebration of the
coming anniversary of American Independence.
It ffcms to me that present eocial and po
litical conditions warn all patriotic Amer
kans that there Is need of a revival of the
popular stntiraent and disposition In which
the Declaration of Independence had its origin,
which made' it the foundation of a great na
tion
Former President Writes Letter on
American Citizenship.
CLEVELAND TO TAMMANY.
Explosives Are Perversely
Premature in Going Off
and Small Boys Suffer
PluckyWomanFaces
Mountain Lion
With Club.
LONG LIST OP IN'JUBED
SACRAMENTO, July 4. — The resi
dents of Oak Park joined Sacramento
in the celebration, of the Fourth and
the suburban town was thronged day
and night, many visitors from outside
towns being among the number. Dun
can McKinlay of San Francisco de
livered an oration, which was received
with enthusiasm by an immense audi
ence. The day closed with a display
of fireworks and a sham battle by
companies of the National Guard, who
had gone into camp at Oak Park.
Kvents at Sacramento.
VALLEJO, July 4. — The celebration,
here to-day was under the auspices of
the Woman's Improvement Club. The
dedication of the new Carnegie pub
lic library was the feature of th&
morning. Mayor Roney presided and
Commander C. B. T. Moore, U. S. N..
delivered the principal address. The
afternoon waa devoted to an interest
ing programme in the city park. It
was largely a gathering of children,
who sang patriotic songs and compet
ed in various sports.
Patriotism at Vallojo.
Excessive Zeal in Celebrat
ing the Fourth Beaps Its
Usual Crop of Victims
YOUNG PATRIOTS
PAY THE PRICE
Tom Cay ton, employed as a messen
ger by the Associated Press, was treat
ed at the Central Emergency Hospital
for a lacerated wound on the head
caused by fireworks.
Walter Baker of 204 Turk street, as
the result of placing too much ammu
nition in a patent exploding cane, blew
Lewis Jackson, 9 years' old, of 537
Fourth street, was struck on the nose
by a tin can under which a giant
cracker had been exploded. He sus
tained a lacerated wound that neces
sitated several stitches at the Central
Emergency Hospital.
Hazel Murphy, 9 years of age, living
at 15 Albion place, attempted to dis
charge a skyrocket while holding It in
her hand. Treatment at the Central
Emergency Hospital for powder burns
followed.
While returning from the parade,
Mrs. Annfe Jackman fell from a
crowded Geary-street car. She re
received an ugly scalp wound.
John Mortensen. 9 years of age and
living at 412% Fifth street, was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital suf
fering from a gunshot wound in the
nose. The wound was undoubtedly
made by a bullet of small caliber. He
was found lying In an unconscious con
dition at the corner of Fifth and Bry
ant streets, but it is not known how he
received his injury. The surgeons were
unable to find the bullet and the child
is in a precarious condition, as it is
feared that the leaden missile entered
the brain.
Alfred Mobber, age 15. whose am
bition is to be a dashing cannoneer,
trained his miniature siege gun- down
Thirteenth street. It was loaded to
the - muzzle with pebbles. Eddie
Swanson, a boy of 10, was struck in
the neck by part of the charge. Al
fred was arrested on a battery charge.
Clarence Evans, aged 13, went
strolling with an explosive cane. He
forgot that it was loaded and twirled
It between his thumb and forefinger,
the cap exploded, lacerating his fin
gers.
FIGHTS FOR
LIFE WITH
WILD BEAST
Los Angeles — Charles Hubbard and wife.
Miss G. Faulkner. Mr. and Mrs. T. A. John
son. . Robert t Glb*on. . ¦'¦-:•: . ,•:. ..
Oakland — Mrs. Frank Pierce, Li. Sprangle,
Normnn Umptired, Mrs. - *V M. Ujnphred.- F.
M. Umrhred. Edwin Umphr^d. E. M. Hunt.
Miscellaneous — Misfe E.- Wlttenbrqek. Sacra
mento: Miss Mary Dutch, Berkeley*; Mrs. M.
Rose. Berkeley; Mlfs G. Elliott. Stockton:
P. G. Krchn. San Pedro; Mrs. D. V. Cain.
Bodie; F. A. Garcton and family. San Diego:
Frank Splrk. • Modesto; J. Cclehoner and
Hflen Marcus, Watsonvllle; D. V. Cain. Dodte;
A. Carstens. Perrls; A. \V\ Elliott, -Santa
Pauta; Colonel E. Mays, San Mateo; Mary
Bocker, Soto.
San Francisco — E. McGentry, Y. J. DInan,
K. Gunst, J. S. Hcwell, Emma McFadden, F.
J. Beck, Mrs. J. M. Wflod. A. E. Thompson,
T. E. Kenny. I. GreenSauni, Mrb. C. I*. Ac
kerman. A. Ji. Wiland, Mr. and. Mrs. George
Henry Jr.. Dr. F. C. Keck, Henry Taylor.
ST. LOUIS, July 4.-— The following
Californlans are registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
Names of. Many Native Sons and
Daughters Found on Registers.
CALIFORXIANS AT FAIR.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 4. — The cel
ebration here to-day was an interest
ing event. The principal feature was
the parade of the entire regiment of
the Fifteenth United States Infantry,
headed by the regimental band. After
the parade there was a flag raising In
the park at El Carmelo Hotel. At
the noon hour a most palatable din-'
ner was spread in the hotel dining
room, to which Orator of the Day B.
V. Sargent, Miss Etta B. Lloyd, reader
of the Declaration of Independence;
Miss Ethe» Beverton. goddess of lib
erty; F. H. Fairweather, vocalist; Rev.
A. T. Needham, officer of the day, and
other prominent residents of the coun
ty were invited. In the evening there
was a brililant display of fireworks at
Lovers Point.,.
Big Time at Pacific Grove.
Other patriotic celebrations occur
ring in Sonoma County were held at
Petaluma, Sonoma, Dillon Beach,
Camp Vacation, Camp Meeker, Penn
grove and OccidentaL
Very appropriately the celebration
In this city was in charge of Santa
Rosa Aerie, Fraternal Order of Eagles,
and the patriotic bird was made to
scream the loudest.
SANTA ROSA, July 4. — The city of
roses had the most auspicious celebra
tion of the nation's birthday to-day
that has ever been held here. In 13 3 4
when the city of roses only contained
a score of people they assembled and
held a rousing celebration, concluding
the same with a grand barbecue and
a ball. This custom has prevailed
here now for half a century and the
ones of late years have all been repro
ductions of the first one In early days
with the exception that of recent
years the barbecue has been omitted.
Among those who participated in the
first observance of the day" who still
reside here are Mr. and Mrs. S. T.
Coulter, Mr. and Mrs. James William
son, D. D. Davidson, Smith Davidson.
Joseph Richardson and Joel Crane.
Mrs. Robert Crane, Mrs. H. Frazee
and others.
The Day at Santa Rosa.
RIVERSIDE, July 4.— Riverside
celebrated i strenuously* to-day. Nine
companies of the Seventh Regiment,
with General and staff,
participated in competitive drills and
athletic contests'. The first prize, $100,
for the best drilled company in the
regiment went to Company D of Po
mona, I of Pasadena winning second
prize of $50. in the athletic contest.
Company F of Los Angeles had a suc
cessful team and won the $50 trophy
cup. *"
In the morning parade the Women's
Christian Temperance Union won
first prize for the best float and the
Lady Maccabees for the best decorat
ed carriage. Two military balls and
the presentation of the comic opera,
"Priscilla," by. local talent, and the
fireworks concluded' the day's festivi
ties. Fifteen thousand visitors were
in town during the day.
Military Display at Riverside.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., July 4.—
Grover Cleveland spent the day on a
fishing trip down the bay with Joseph
Jefferson.
Cleveland Goes Fishing.
SANTA CRUZ, July 4. — Santa Crux
has been celebrating the Fourth for
the last three day3. Double-header
trains have brought crowds into the
city. Every hotel, lodging-house and
tent in the Tented City has been filled
to its capacity. > i* ¦
The Fourth opened with a sunrise
salute and at 9 o'clock the old sol
diers conducted a flag raising at th«
lower plaza. The parade waa an im
posing one. There were sports on the
bay, a tug of war, open air vaudeville,
games and races.
A concert, electrical illuminations
and fireworks closed the day.
Seaside City Has Parade and Illumin
ations at >'isht.
SANTA CRUZ CELEBRATES.
The programme of athletic events at
the Stadium, numerous band concerts
and a balloon race completed the day's
entertainment.
William J. Bryan's address was pa
triotic and based on quotations illus
trating- the various qualities,^ of the
character of the American people to be
contributed to' the nation's unparalleled
career. Speaking of anarchy, Bryan
said that "he who perverts the pur
poses of government does, most to pro
mote anarchy."
There was a parade, which was re
viewed by President Francis, Cardinal
Satolli, General John S. Bates and the
different State Governors who were on
the ground. • ,
ST. LOUIS, July 4 (World's Fair
Grounds).— In spite of threatening
thunder showers there was a record
breaking crowd on the fair grounds to
day. The principal ceremonies were
held at the foot of the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition monument, where ad
drtsses were delivered by Lafayette
Young, editor of the Des Molnes Capi
tal, and William J. Bryan. Young said
in part:
"The greatest alarm at present seems
to be in relation to certain successes
that are eminent or pre-eminent. But
there is no use being scared at the very
end for which we have fought; no use
being alar'med at the result of our own
ambitions. The republic is more Just
than at any other time. The laws are
nearer right than formerly.'
"No conspiracy of the rich can de
stroy or even endanger the Govern
ment. There are Americans who have
too much money, and no way has yet
been discovered to hinder their accu
mulations. The question of managing
the over-rich is one for the future. We
do not know its solution, but we do
know that we have solved all things
heretofore rightly; we will so determine
this question, and it will be without re
sort to anarchy or the torch. The first
tyrannies of the over-rich would be so
resented. The future will point the way
for settlement — point the way to a near
er approach to equality." ' '
At Festival Hall Governor Pardee of
California and J. Hamilton Lewis of
Washington spoke. There were pa
triotic exercises at the Pennsylvania
building, where the Declaration of In
dependence was read over the Liberty
Bell.
with a wagon load or firecrackers, sky
rockets and squibs. Jus.t as he reached
the outskirts of the town his cigar
dropped Into the straw at the bot
tom of his wagon and five minutes
later, when near the Union meeting
house, he saw the first sign of trouble.
A pinwheel, which was ignited by the
smouldering straw, was seized with a
tantrum, leaped from its box and
spread sparks through the entire
cargo. A Roman candle pointed
Wicks' way and drove him to the
woods. A hundred skyrockets, which
Inclined- in the direction of the meet
ing-house, let go about the same time.
They went in through the open win
dows simultaneously and caused a
panic among the congregation.
By. the time, the congregation
reached the open street "Wicks', wagon
and its frightened horses were disap
pearing up the main street In a blaze,
of glory.. Fortunately no one was in
jured In the stampede to escape from
the church.
Alto and Santa Clara teams was an
exciting event, the local team winning
by a close margin. A ball game be
tween teams of the west and coast di
visions of the Southern Pacific roused
much interest. The coast aggregation
won by a score of 10 to 6.
. In the afternoon Mrs. Stanford waa
visited by a delegation of veteran fire
men of San Francisco, Santa Clara
firemen, Native Sons and Daughters,
Red Men and guests. The visitors were
most' graciously received. Jir3. Stan
ford made a pretty address extending
a cordial welcome to the university
grounds and assuring the guests of her
pleasure. Following the reception the
visitors were treatedTTo an organ re
cital In the University Memorial
chapel.
The visitors began to leave Palo;
Alto on late trains. The festivities
were concluded with a grand ball.
During the evening about an hour
was spent enjoying a fine display of
fireworks. The grounds were crowded
with delighted spectators. Fireworks
of all descriptions were set off for the
pleasure of the onlookers. The Veter
ans' Home band played inspiring music
during the evening.
A manly tribute was rendered to the
soldiers of the Revolution, of the war
of 1312, the Mexican war- and to those
who served in the great Civil War for
the preservation of the Union, and to
the men who fought in the recent war
with Spain. In closing General "Wood
ruff said:
Fellow citizens, I have tried to prove that
but fcr the sturdy pluck and steadfast en
durance of our soldiers in the revolution, the
Declaration of Independence would have passed
into history as the sentimental longings of
Impracticable philosophers and our constitu
tion would never have been written: but for
grand victory, for humanity and good govern
ment wrought out by our soldiers In the re
bellion the union would have been dissolved,
the emancipation proclamation a useless piece
of rhetoric and the Impracticability of a re
publican form of government settled for gen
erations. If not forever; but for the valor, en
ergy and humanity of our soldiers In the Span
ish-American war. Cuba would still be In a
state of anarchy, the Philippines a source of
bloody chaos and ruin, and our Government
thf* scorn of civilization.
I have tried to fairly show the deep, tlw
unfathomable d«bt of gratitude our country
owes to the American soldiers and sailors, for
their great part In establishing, preserving and
enlarging our republic and placing ner In ths
front rank of the civilized nations of the
globe. \
The existence'' of republics depends upon love
of country and Americans should Inculcate It
in order that when the time comes, as It does
come in the life.- of. every nation, when th» art
of the statesman is powerless, when philosophy
is in <V»uht. when poetry only breathes to twin*
for r^triQtisnt " her fairest laurels, there shall
exist witliin the minds of all that love for our
union which -will save It when with right on
Us sid* the debate Is closed, the god of war
invoked and the arbitration transferred from
the national capital to the field of battle.
We are Americans, all, and we meet on this
one hundred and twenty-eighth birthday of
our nation to testify our belief In the form of
government which our forerathers founded:
our love for a country that nas bestowed «o
many blessings upon mankind; our loyalty to
and patriotic jirlde in a union, around which
cluster tender memories of neroes. comrades,
friends and kindred who died In its defense,
grand memories of a national career generally
peaceful, sometimes warlike, but ever onward
and upward, until from the guidon of a forlorn
hop© our flajr has become alike emblem of
unsurpassed national stability, resource and
power, and symbol of government wherein per
sonal, religious and political liberty and equal
rights under the law are granted to all. and
manhood and Intelligence are the rulers.
In the course of his address General
"Woodruff eloquently reviewed |he pro
gress of the country since the Declara
tion of Independence, and asked for a
pledge, in the words of the immortal
Lincoln, "that, under God, this nation
shall not perish from the earth."
"We Americans," the speaker said,
"are a strange people. "While posing as
devotees of r>eace we owe much to war,
and while never ready are always will
ing for war. And yet, while we owe
more to the soldier than to any other
class, we don't like an army."
He continued:
PATRIOTISM THE IDEAL.
Upon the stage were distinguished
visitors, Including General S. W. Back
us, president of the board of directors
of the home, and Directors Hugh M.
Burke and Colonel J. C. Currier. Col
onel George W. "Walls, commandant of
the home, introduced the participants
in the programme with a few well
chosen words. The soprano of Miss
Millie Flynn and the contralto of Miss
Ella McCloskey added greatly to the
pleasure of the day's exercises. After
the "Star-Spangled Banner" they
pleased the veterans by singing a num
ber of the latter's old favorites and re
sponded graciously to the applause
which greeted each song.
The Declaration oflndependence was
well read by Mrs. Ray Dennison Clark.
Patriotic airs were rendered by the
Veterans' Home Orchestra. General
Charles Woodruff stirred the audience
with an unusually fine oration.
Throughout his discourse he was in
terrupted many times by the enthusi
astic applause of his hearers. In part
he said:
GENERAL WOODRUFF SPEAKS.
Veteran defenders of our republic. It was
with pride and pleasure that I accepted the
Invitation to address you on this, the moat
Important day In tte calendar of our beloved
country.
-YOUN'TVILLD. Ja'y 4.— The Fourth
was characterized at the Veterans'
Home at Yountville by a fine literary
programme and a splendid pyrotechnic
display. It was an occasion Tor all the
veterans and their many friends to
turn out. The flags floating from the
different buildings gave the home a
ftstive air, while the holiday attire of
all present added to the plcturesqueness
of the scene. Exercises appropriate to
the day were held in social hall at 2
o'clock. An enthusiastic audience
thronged the hall.
Vast Throng Attracted to Exposition
Enjoys Special Features.
War-Scarred Veterans at Yountville
Give Great Demonstration.'
RECORD-BREAKING CROWD CELEBRATES DAY AT FAIR;
CARNIVALS OF PLEASURE RULE IN THE COAST CITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY, 5, 1001.
Take your meals regularly. Take your"~rest
regularly. Take "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey"
regularly and yyu can cee the world with ap
nravlns- *ve» — and It wJH unnrove of vou. •
GUAYAQUIL, July 4. — General
Reinaldo Flores died yesterday . at
Lima., He took a prominent part in
Ecuadoran politics until 1895, ..when
the Liberal revolution overthrew the
Conservatives, and General Flores was
exiled to Peru.
General Flores Passes Away.
4
_ _ NEW ApyiH&TisEaLEiarTa.
COOING*! GOUMGTi GONG !U I
Boncac wauiin. ttmctBf wax un it. too ute fob hup icibl
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy that "kills the Dtndruff derm " "
TheRabbitwdtheGumea-Pig ff^t.V!^V^^rcJ
Prpf. Unna. the world's greatest dermatologist them with vaseline rubbed the same upon a rulnea
<«»k your doctor about htm ) was the first to- dls- pie and the pit became bald. Newbro's Herpl-
cover the microblc and coaugioas nature of true clde is the or iginal dandruff germ destroyer. It
dandrutf. His, discovery was verified by Dr. 'kills the mkroblc frowth and permits the hair to
Sabouranl ot Peru, who denuded a rabbit with *row as nature Intended. A wonderful hair saver.
hum«nda&drvfi flakes. AtsobyLassar and Bishop A delightful drewlnj. Stops Itching Instantly.
Ort|toru,li.Ol lead 10c, ttaips, ta HERf ICIOE CO. Drpl H. OetrsH Kich, for a sanpie.
-^^X Evflrv Woman s °re and bleeding gums
MA^ i Wi VftHL »» interested *»d ctxmid know' Soft and spongy rums are made health*
WSSSSll MARmNSffinrs^v fc" "^fr aIkaUne a" 4 astringent prop-
VI^^I^^J^SS.. %l SOZODONT. It is the most
S^S^C^i^N. txonm> *f!!!aiZ*- n * rtX -»*\- fragrant deodorizer and antiseptic dentifrice
known to tha world.
full particular* and dirM*lor>» tn- hi'i. I m VAf%VU Ma% Vfk> ¦«¦¦«% -'"
r. u KK*J^«rw t r£ff^-^C^/ TOOTH POWDER
wmum £SS£5ffi**S£ D^Sn^tu,. the complement of SOZODONT Liquid, has'
Vcion Drug Co.. «oo sutter and ioo Stockton, abrasive properties, yet is absolutely free
Otrood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland »-»_ _i» ,-/,, ( j u _ju _-? ?_-„!.», _.ij
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 £llla lrom 2" 1 and acl<1 ' " will not tarnlsn gold
fillings or scratch the enamel.
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PEE TEAB.
w ¦ •—. a FOEM3: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
i^Jr HaM tilt Swrtt af lift aaa Death. "^^1
Recent experiments condncted by most
eminent scientists, prove that light is a
great remedial agent; it is essentially
Nature's agent. It may be either sun-
light or electric light, but it has a de-
cided effect in helping nature to banish
disease and restore health. Other scien-
tific men have proved that oxygen elec-
trifies the heart and can prolong life.
The people on this earth are susceptible
to some laws which gorern plant life. A.
plant cannot be successfully grown in the
dark, j A man is seldom healthy and strong
who lives in the dark or in sunless rooms.
After all, Nature's ways are found to be
the best Nature's remedies are always
best for eradicating: disease, and by this we
mean a medicir.e made of roots and heTbs.
They arc assimilated in the stomach and
taken cp by the blood and are, therefore
the most potent means which can be em-
ployed for the rejaininjr of lost health.
Dr. R. V. Pierce, consulting physician to
1 ? C T, I ff! lld £ ?, ote - 1 and Surgical Institute,
at Buffalo, N. Y., in many years of exten-
sive practice, found that he could pin his
laith to an alterative extract of certain
nlants and roots for the cure of all bffod
diseases. This he called Dr. Picrce's
golden Medical Discovery. Containing no
alcohol nor narcotics, entirely vegetable,
this « Discovery » makes rich red blood and
55 a powerful tissue-builder, glvin? the tired
business man or woman renewed strength
and health. Rapidly jrrowing school-sjirls
and boys often show impoverished blood
by the pimples or boils which appear on
face or neck. To eradicate the poisons
, trotn the blood, and feed the heart, lunffs
i and stomach on pure blood, nothing is
so good as Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery. ,
. Don't allow the dealer to insnlt your h>
-enigence by offering his own blood rem.
cay to yon instead of this well- known
preparation of Dr. Pierce's. Ten chancel
to one he will substitute a cheap compound
uavinj a large percentage of alcohol in it.
I .Dr. Pierce 'a Pellets are the best for the
1 aowels. Use them with the • Discover*.?
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Last week, when we closed our Great Clearance Sale, we completed the most |
successful furniture sale ever held in this city. And this was accomplished in the j
middle of summer. It proves conclusively that? when an old reliable house adver- 1
Uses bargains the people will believe in it and will respond at any time. This week I
we offer a few more strong specials. The credit and the cash price is the same, |
and you are more than welcome to avail yourself of the credit plan. 1
This week we are offering our new Velvet Carpets for 95c the yard, 1
Body Brussels for $1.10 the yard and Axminster Carpets for $1.25. All |
sewed, lined and laid. I
fis~\f\T\ d f CANVAS STEAMER CHAIR rOR |
»».-».. t n r <f / < • •! "¦ j i t l and natural veneer frames «
$8.50 Metal Bfd— full 4-4 uze, head and foot *\ .. J „,_ . „ „- , , . , 89
Ustefully turned, and finhhrf fa,^different colors S ° f m^°S^y and - oak. I
to give you a choice. As big a bed gold out and we ihave bought 400 of These like cut at from I
bargain as you will not often find. tfJJL *JQ them for less than it costs to make _ . 1
This week $4. fD them. This week they go at. . . gg c J5c to Coc each. |
- -^^r/l^ML. \ Full-Sized Hair Mattress, all pure hair, weight #n ZP \s^ M ~^^^^ 1
¦ mm STF*^^/ ' 30 pounds. Made of good ticking. This week. . iQj I
"• r £§/r v f"W I . ¦ .*j-7^wj;y VfKfu^wngjii^wn $6.00 Sattaa ¦
leredoak corner Chi- II ¦ tJ^ftTrtiix.^.. . . — ¦^y^aafi j hi* line of hiKh R
ca Closet with tent 3 fV^Ailu. . -• t , ¦ J AJ i» UA^jg* ¦J.^ g r a <i e rattan j£
glass front. Fits in a $4.50 German bevel mirror. have cut very 1
"5 corner and CIO Sanitary Metal Parlor Conch — Used as Dav- 14x24 inches. Clear glass: all- '. low astnenum- ..»
salesroom .$18 S^^aiS^^ Sgt^to5S5a^'$7,S0| Si^SLif 0 !*./ 1^?:- $2.25 I v^/ea 11 " ad - I
•THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-2[35-23 7 POST ST. 1
"The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast*". . 1While London is growing steadily,
the population of the "city" is con
stantly decreasing. In 1S71 it wu 47,
000; to-day it la 30,000. Nearly 5000 o:
its b,yiMJc£s are not Inhabited at night
Charles P. Taft of Cincinnati has
purchased Corot's "Le Soir" for $75,
000 and Diaz's "Autumn. Forest of
Fontainbleau" for, £3j> t 00Q Xros; a
tie. w. y.ojls djale r f * * %/^jgy
PARIS, July 4. — The Comte de Jau
vllle Is dead at his home here. He was
a member of the Jockey Club and had
been " Mayor of Valailles, . in the de
rartmeat o£ tfte'Eure, tor forty, y.ea.rs,
French Xobleman Dies.
CHICAGO, July 4. — London is to
receive a visitation from John Alex
ander Dowie and his "restoration
host," who will be carried thence in a
fleet of gospel ships. At his taber
nacle in Zion City in the course of his
first sermon after his return from his
globe girdling trip Dr. Dowie has an
nounced his plan. He called upon all
who wished to go whh him to rise to
their feet and 6000 persons, or nearly
every one In the hall, stood up.
Fleet of Gospel Ships Will Carry
"Healer" and C000 Zionists to
British Metropolis.
DOWTE AXD HIS PEOPLE
PLAX RAID OX LONDON
KANSAS CITY, July. 4. . -i- Frank
Hottman of this city, 22 years old,
was arrested In -Walla Walla, Wash.,
to-day, charged with the murder of
Clarence Meyers in this city on May
11. Meyers was found dead with his
throat cut. His wife declared; two
negroe' burglars were his assailants.
The police professed . to, believe her
story and released her, but they
started an investigation on the theory
that a man accustomed to visiting the
woman killed the husband. Hottman
and Mrs. Meyers were children to
gether at Higginsville, Mo. Mrs.
Meyers is still in Kansas City.
ALLEGED MURDERER UXDER
ARREST IX WASIIIXGTOX
Young Mnn . Jailed on Suspicion of
Having Killed Kansas City
Man Last May.
BONESTEEL. S. D.. July 4.—Hun
dreds of excursionists are' arriving by
every. train to be in readiness for the
opening of the Rosebud reservation
to-morrow morning. The crowd,
which almost completely fills the
streets, is good natured and despite
the many open saloons there is little
drunkenness. Twenty-four extra po
lice were sworn in to-day, making
fifty officers now on duty. These of
ficers are Well known men of nerve
and daring and all are heavily armed.
Streets of Bonesteel Packed by Excur
sionists Ready to Make Rush
to. Acquire Land.
IMJIEXSE CROWD AWAITS
OPEXIXG OF RESERVATION"
SALT LAKE. July 4. — Harry Wil
liams, a young machinist, is passing
his honeymoon in Jail alone. He was
married last night to a well-known
young' woman of Salt Lake. Imme
diately after the ceremony Williams wa;
arrested by Police Sergeant Hempel or
a charge of burglary, preferred by a
woman for whom Williams had been
working .in a rooming-house. Thf
woman "accuses Williams^of taking *
$20 gold piece and two razors. Th«
razors were sold *at a pawnshop anc
the pawnbroker identified Williams a*
the man who sold them. Mrs. Wil
liams, who is 19 years old, says hei
husband's arrest is Inspired by Jeal
ousy. t -
Accused by Woman for Whom He
Had Worked of Stealing Razors
and Coin.
BRIDEGROOM ARRESTED
OX "BURGLAJRX CHARGE
Reaching quickly' under the bar,
Ragal seized a plate and hurled it at
the head of the nearest robber. In
stantly the shooting began. \ Lane was
struck by one of the first bullets and
regies tg ljj§ jJqoj-, . Ragajllell behind
CHICAGO, July 4. — One man was
killed and another probably fatally
wounded early to-day by two hold-up
men who invaded a saloon on North
Kedzie avenue. John Lane, a stage
carpenter, was (shot through the head
and fell dead just outside the door. x
The proprietor of the saloon, August
Kagal. was wounded in the right
breast.
Lane had stopped at the saloon for
a drink. Ragal had served him and
the two v/ere talking when two young
men entered and called for drinks. As
the glasses were set before them they
diew revolvers and ordered the liquor
dealer and his patron. to hold up their
hands.
and. When Resisted, Shoot Pro
prietor and Patron.
Desperate Thugs Hold Up Saloon,
ROBBERS KlXIi OXE MAX
AXD WOUND ANOTHER
HOUSTON, Tex., July 4. — Ross
Clarke, a prominent planter of Cal
houn County, states that he will ap
ply for an injunction to prevent the
Government transports . bringing the
Guatemalan ant into Texas as an in
sect enemy of the boll weevil. It was
stated recently that Government En
tomologist Cook is now en route with
a large. number, of the ants, the first
lot of which is to be taken to Victoria,
in which county Clarke has interests
and which adjoins Calhoun County,
where his plantation is located. Clarke
said as to the basis of his petition:
"To ray mind it is dangerous to
transfer the South American insect
or pest, to South Texas.. Onerhalf the
cotton is picked by negroes, who do
not wear enough clothes to make a
whole shirt, and the other half by
barefooted children. This ant, to be
of avail in destroying the weevil, must
cover the entire field and. any one whq
Texns Planter Threatens to Enjoin
Entomologist From Importing
Guatemalan Ant Into State.
FEARS FOREIGN* BUG MAY
PROVE WORSE THAN* WEEVIL
the bar with a. wound in his breast.
The robbers fled before the police ar
rived. ¦¦;•¦•.-;<¦:'
has had a few of the native anta sting
him will realize that It will be impos
sible to get the cotton picked."
were 2033 deaths at all ages .in the
month of June, of which number 959
were under five years of age, a pro
portion of nearly double (47.1 per
cent) that of June, 1904."
"There were 1745 deaths at all ages
rejxirted during: the month — an an
miel rate of 11.02 per 1000 of the pop
ulation, and 24 per cent less than the
average June rate of the previous dec
ade, which was 14.52. Of this total
there were 430 under five years of age.
or less than one-fourth (24.6 per
cent). Tea 5;earn aso t 1S?*« there
CHICAGO. J lj- 4.— Favorable tem
perature during the last two months
has given Chicago the lowest June
mortality record not only in Ita own
history, but among all the great cities
of the world, according to the weekly
bulletin of the Health Department.
. "Hay averaged 57 degrees, about
one degree warmer than the record of
thirty-three years." says the bulletin.
"June averaged CS degree?, two de
grees cooler than the record. The
warmer May and the cooler June were
especially favorable to the health of
the young.
Favorable Temperature Daring Jlay
and Jane Gives Windy City Low
Mortality Record.
CHICAGO MADE HEALTHY
BY FIXE SUM3IER WEATHER
*HE SAN FRANCISCO TUESDAY; JULY v 5, 10PA
When theory falls to produce re
sults the auj4jgr_ blames everybody; but
5
XHE EaiPOBHrM. | THE EMPOBIUM. ' j _ THE EMPOBrPM. 'I THE ZMPOBIPM: J "I THE EMPORIUM. ; • I . , -THE EMPOBrrjM.- -'&.: I • THF. EMPOBIUM.
I ssffes of Corsets, Carpet Combine's New Price List $50.00 and $75.00 Suits
I Wra f per % m i*Z*°'Zn- Compared With Ours ¦ jfc #^ for
I 0k o?|t|t||Sd m k 90 * 4 The Carpet Combine are wroth. They have | W W $32.50
I fV fof Ie o! n Ncmo 3 °S %4%i§^^ felt the effects of ,the Emporium low /»f\ JESik Id^SlI
I fS There are slight manufactur- , c .' DEALERS IN CARPET. 1 pFlCeS On Carpets. ,. ,'// 7j " I 1 X\ \jpW^^'fK\ merits purchased by
: / K - h cr ' s To" oTSin^he s form a local Vcombine^ We have been shown a .copy of /|M wSJaSmMW v\ T b v uy f. r n^ v ! n
1 f^^^ > E t i;. d A°«si 1^ 5 AZSSAhSSSSiS& \ what is f id t0 b e the Combine s new 'W^i^niii iSJSlnSbSS
I jh\l/l them IS worth less than f in- volved In thedeal are: W.& J.Sloane&Co., this «ct| We pUDllbn Hie CXaminerS SiaiemenL aUOUL tne ! 4 1 \ U UlU I LlVri H^r in nrnnw in
tf S7Tv\\\\ J225 re^ularlv many up to »e- m. Friedman & Co.. John Breuoer Co., instruct? p^ rnp f Pnmhinp nf c\ vA-jr aan 3nri <;hmp nf thp Jf\\\ \ iMl^M'3^ Ud y» In Hidny in-
g /r/wuMtisQ-t^^ v, f indianapoii, Furnuure co.. sterling Fumi- fun terj pet oi a yeai ago ana some or tne yi ! ; ,, Wmrf^\ stances much less
k 4//O //] • ->.3U to aa> ana \veanesaa>, lure. Co.. Cordes Furniture Co.. Bare Bros., ground o Pnmhinp vsr\CP arrunffPmpntQ at thp nrP"spnt timp /If'. 1 mmr *u u k t
»f quantity lasts, your Aff n ;,; Quiiuson Broi.. schiueter & voiberg and by a p| ICC dlldngemenib dl Hie prebeilL llilie. /f/!\\\ \| /;'"' than half regular prices.
t" A / Vi' I rbnirp >'nr %J^9C , '. D. N. anrt E. Walter. Tha organliatton *>cs utei. dot 0 /// \\ \ [ \\ 1\ U x , .. , . , ...
v * ' / ffi\ cnoicetor www , ptrfeotea about June lat. when o«pr«t d. plied J III \\\ lj\ \Vv f. These suits are from one of the world's
* f House Jackets 29c— The biggeit Cooper, mantter of sioao«* Co. was elect, y f Thnir* F>Bu'f*e> 1 fc* e auc Cu//-- . ' Ul\ \ MYxAXx^ I smartest and greatest style producers—
¦f hese jacket value you^er .« " made of dark colored | SpSSS". £«£*&3?S£* w« w , v . f r ! A Cl 1 C 'M I \\ \\ Ml W001 ' alp3Ca and ShantUt12 dreSSeS »
K flannelette, in different pattern!, with loose fronts «nd Jl choeen^iSreuST- T? • P *",. • U "' J" I Wool Velvet Carpets. 7 patterns, yard - - $1.15 /f/U $ f/irj Uyf. "by. SUCh famous designers as Paquin (hb
t hamstring b.ck., jusr the thing for the kitchen. r Cgu - jj! V;; g \ ci ro^ g :V\^^^ !^^ n b^xc ft jSt!o b g I Th * "** °f the patterns-yard, $i. 35 /W|/« Wi ifVJ / " ew Parsi . f^ *f& among the lot. as
•• t-.y 65c, a lot oi about 500, to close to-day and /•» cf PaUoslea Co.. Emportum and CbarrfTyt. I D . . D - D , _ ., . tf , __ /^>*4^* ff f\ 'fry \ // '( ,/ shown in picture) . I hey are the exclusive
k' Wednesday. . 29c cne % & Co ' E "° ru to lpduce tfaeBe tnrt!e I KlgeiOW tJOay orusseis, 7 patterns, yard - 3»I.ZO J^^StiL • I \UVV' J novelties now beinc worn on the boule-
{' WeU-Made Wrappers *29c~Ja»t* think 'of* that' price. »» E^J^tSggS SiUft SSfe I The rest of the patterns—yard, $1.63 """^^P^V^vards of Paris. London'and .New York
C Where cou'.d you buy the material for le<* than 50c? [j! Save been • uniucoetiful. la becomlDK al \ Dsii^.i, A V nilnofAi.c "7 noff^nc xrai-H «1 AH ' the sw « lle St dressers— many Suits
J They are in differenf pattern., in many different .tyle,. S- ffiSSS^S^S^.a'a'SEl V BigelOW Axminsters, .7 patterns, yard, - - $1.45 and dresses in thjs lot could not be sold at regular, retail prices
f batintixea 32 and 34. only, values up to < 1. 50. Tuei- »^ pete below' certain eatabltihed prices. -If I . \ 1 ne rest °J tn^ patterns— yara^ $2.OO tess than from *50.00 to f 75. 00— all marked for A44 gSg%
1 i. 7 M a wcd«,d.r ,0 cio.= 29c us :ssi?^sasEr^5sssasi \ WMt saIe ••••••••••• *#*.ou
I •'•¦' *»JX£^3FS?^Ji \ '• t" r oidl -. the •"" 1 W9^$ ' m Wfi Ho 00 suk shM w ais <
ft. IUr*am*mmr*%0*4*Mm*** #O #*» tlon wai completed the prices on the vari- 1 f greatly reduced in price to compete with the Emporium and the choice O//K O«/rr VWSIISX
K "tanUiaCXUrerS OampiCS "?!. 0U1 Q«*»«c» ot carpet were materially I . \ •.'¦ patterns are held at the same old fancy figures as of yore. - . #fj*#>JSJS#»ie Gt2.SO
I SUk TapestHeS and \ % \ Examine the patterns .hown by'th, combine stores at above price, u NevvYoTlf ttdated sWoment of superior aualitv
¦ Portieres On Sale J on <* 1 ' " d retaU d « aler « lMt y ear » tb « m « u - X. —^ hcn se = thc Emporium styles and note . : „ Just in from York a belated shipment ot superior quality
V w . ¦•••«»••»»•###•»«••» Ws facturers ateo decided on an increaaeiq; % . ' taffeta silk dresses, skirts side pleated and tucked very full, waists
g w c w.ecurcd from a prominent manufacturer the q* price.. " The schedule of price, *• .et by th. = Jfc «^ "^ beautifully tucked and pleated, solid colors of brown and blue/ man-
t entire line of the di. P !ay a.»plea of .ilk tape.tr e. and . eombin«u«B •« A, pn .. Q t tta. l« M J& §HaBBB+ M&S^B&Sff*^ ufactured to sell for * 20.00, goon sale this morn- <£* O g- n
g damuk. and tapestry poraeret. amtable for cu.hion tops JJ lateta* tl.W a Hr* mrtto* , J *^ •"• ** ***%5^ \ ¦ while quantity Iasts each . %>1£.OU
X anc coverings, at less than hall rcaular value andto-dav -it AaialmUrt, 11.75 »jrar<!; Smith Axmlnsttrt.il JO fL»M a J 1 • r ' x jj • • ji j , *
« «A w ei «,V ofc 2Sr,2fSd?Si. t CTm , » SK BEUKS' vk. And your choue of every pattern tn the store, '
B S»mpl«|n<l S oIPortl«r«-A ra . g cl t n e d. iyi y.rd. ; % I Positively no reservattons; sewed, lined and laid on Silk Jackets %S4O.of> $1 7.50
j> p.aan Rep., figured Armure. and mercerized tapestry, t veitett: *i.»5« jird; r.oibory tat*»trie*. |i.2o «| * i » J your nOOf. * ' *** *'-*¦**»*"*"
| with veiour and tapestry border., ji.50 and * 2 .oo \ '&\!^&?&J\^lF&'$38: W\ XJnni V/>Kr/>tc vA &1 tt% » A hundred Dr more very sweH Black Silk^Jackets. in blouse,
* nines, each 79c • m «, etejad -quamy.- 11.7s; wuton veim an- 1 W001 VClVclS, VQ., mpBmBU Eton and styles, made of very fine taffetas and moire silks,
K v Sample Lengths Silk Dqjnadj^-Silk tap'estr/ and «iik « - Cj Tis>r1*r D wllcert lc xrA 4C 1 **fl the materials in some of which would sell over the counters for
. armure,. length, of i^and 1 # yards, choice color, j I^^V^/b^!?^^.^?^ BOCiy IJrUSSCIS, yO., &im^U 52.50 the yard; some plain tailored, others handsomely trimmed
S* and de«:gn», and $5.00 value,, each $1*50 - ** jtVew. soawtimei ea»e« wiito* ToiTeti. $t« J . (Bigelow — LowelPs) with French applique and lace trimmings; some lined, others un-
v Portieres— Self-colored Armure, 50 inche. wide, 3 yds • / DJ/tol/xT t Avmmcroi. xrA & 1 JM lined; many ° f the COats COuld nOt be Sold Under ordinar y circum-
£ : 0Eg , fringed both ends, color, green, red and brown, r le %*£%#?%£ f -*- f *fV W*™\"»» J DlgeiOW AXlllinSier, yU., i m**%V stances for less than * 40.00; our special sale price, gy y g-Q
Jf de.irabie pattern., $3.50 value; .pecial. pair $2*35 «2 • j n theaBT»ement.^hlchya*BJEnedbyall f The Emporium cannot be induced to join any combine for the^ beginning to-day, each • • •' • • • »*r a *%M%M
a," Portiere,— Fipuedupeitriei, mercerixed Annure*, figured Rep, «" ©t the ten companies, it taatated that none £ purpose of maintaining high prices. Alterations Extra.
fc cord ed^e aad bordered «! 01 of the gooas mentioned aoove ehall be eold m ' ¦ ' . " •
K 5c. co r»lae«, tpedaL pair . . . S3 93 Jn by any of the retail Mor.es at a price bHow £ ' ,
I »~~-. M SMS 3&2g£3g£& / Furniture Here at a Saving Sale India Silk Waists
8 Sal Wr%l7^ B Z rd8 ' S =SiSS:r f 20% on the Combine Prices Thc .S^fff; ff ±? hy , ht
x Wringers, eiU. #, tw deavorlns to eecure the : aaalatanee of (he | Make the ITlOSt Careful Comparison Of prices, Which are plainly marked big .tore. Nothing likethe.e have appeared this .ea.on
i i Tuts **y a ? d Wednes- ig> j\\™ }^™^*£"£iti!&V*£ 1 on al! samples shown in our newly enlarged and beautified department, and at ! rcd ? ced : J°° only of th c , c beautiful India ,i;k
J day these five season- f§ S /awaken city. .Pattoslen Co.. the Emporium and f V nn ron oocihrcPP that thp MvincrQ tn hp maHp hpr^ rpmil'irlv avonfro fnllu waists, in many different styles (the newest effects from
v able and important spe- AP&s&^S^^ * charies m. pium & co. say that <hey and it I Y°u can easily see tnai tne savings to oe maae nere regularly average fully Kew YorIc)j wm . p2ain tuck , d or p,,,^ oth;rs {incy comb; .
* cial offerings: <^S^^^^SI^a .*.•?• " ia j' d i?. c ?" at th !> n p ,TA n v V™ e i0 **™ T *™ r - 1 20 per cent on the lowest prices quoted elsewhere for the same good qual- nation, of indiasak and insertion, miuue for n \n 5 and dr«.
» i-iai uiicimp. tf^Wr I tot porca pets from several of the large carpet ©Stab- 1 A -,• « T t l -ii j»i»j <> weir a'l have fall French sl-e»es and lundsom- stocks, co'ors whire
5 iron Frame Wrm 8 ers-io / fif •¦¦ • ter- mhrncnu m^t^ . 1 ities. Here are four extra special values to-day and Wednesday: -^A^^^t^^^^^i^^
J* ;«^v> mUc P * o .i ,-;,.i m /f^b» . ¦ " titWFr with iisoki wnen seen last nlgnt regarding: the com- IJr • . ,„ ,,.¦ . , , . , . . «• . i_ •
I — l ? TOl l S ' S \ eel S P iral -i ®^ andgreat Wn»tlen. George D. Cooper, who la the pre.-/ $32.50 Dressers - Qu«. $15.00 Dressing Table- $llJOPianoBeneh~M*- $8.00 Writing DMk-For J8- Choice of the entre lot to-day and Wsdne^^yy f-Q
J« Springs for adjustment, CD* , hMbe air. ldent of the concern, said that be was not laj *•"••¦"' «»"»«»• , *• * • * h finish - itronir - <j- """* . day also, jf quantity holds out, each mp'^'mmJUJ
J combination clamps for iron, wood or fiber tubs, •£•«*"¦ J jH»uio»toH I e.»yi»ft,n«.uoownrdtef tcr » ewcd g° ldcn oak &"«[ » w^ ld « .Xt.ntial Ur« Udleii '° hd qU " tCr ABOVE WONDERFUL VALUES FOR
J. regularly 12.50 each, Tuesday and Wednesday •* " w -*s«^ %1 or mshogany finish; a oak, mahogany oTbud'. carvcd c]t ' w f « t uwed oak or imitation SALE IN DEPARTMENT THIS
* §1.52 J s *~' very handsome piece; eye map;e, avery arm- • mahogany,^oomy, attractive" WEEK WHILE QUANTITIES LAST.
I^ 50cSl«v. Board, (for. hln w^t. - or -*^ , and for ironlns // ™ $21.60 Z*^ $9.35 cial. H . $7.85 Z£££F:$5'35 — " — 7^ , , .
i- fpST, T^^^l g?^ 30c — — - _— — — — Four Great Specials
i ft^$^^^^^^^ Astonishing Sales Swisses, Madras, Ginghams, Challies in Shoes A^>^
> To-day and Wednes- To-dav and Wednes- Tuesday and Wednesday Tuesday and Wednesday Tuesday and Wednesday These Very Special Offer-
I * aJ h Boitm"-N-o. iaixe.heaVti'co^boiomj're'^li.so Thousands of da y — B e a U t i f U 1 yards of excel- only — A saleof Tray ™/jp-A choice 12 }4c per ings for Tuesday and fiW^W
\ r f : % ipecial Tuesday and Wcdneday only, each 73c Vards Madr^*; PMfi onH nthor lent Challies — choice Cloths — " imported lot, yard Crash, m large square Wednesday Only J^f
I Br t .dTca.Ur,_Foroil,,a,o!ineorLL 1 eoil«o^rhef q ua. f «Vht « f b , WISSeS » a " d ° th f .election of pattern,, solid hemstitched linen damask- block design, fall range of Udics . mhoQ Ties- (See pic M^/jT^
*( pvramid style, with steel conej the most healthftil and sani- # UingndnlS, in Sneer WaSn gOOuS ground., .atin striped, with in four »izes, 1 7x23, 1 8x26, color., a fine toweling and ture) Extra fine kid, medium '
% * T y tc>It " ro<de » n * 4-oceach, Tuesday and Wednesday.. 21 C stripes and checks, in in lace, fancy scroll, neat figure., the kind for 18x27 inches— a great many use it for high French heels, our regnlar < 1.50 .lipper and cheap
*¦ — — — — — ——————— — »»-^__ Choice colorings for figured and dotted ef- wrapper., waist, and ki- your choice for the two fancy work — a big value at that; for the two days, pair * O80
I BOC PillnW TOD** V i^ iStS ' 7 r fo P i P / erS> f tC " fects— formerly 25c and monas, formerly 35c, on day., at the one price, at the special sale price, Ladics ' OxIorfc-AU kid, "hand-timed soles,
*¦ \w B> K *%£ 10c and 12^C values, 35c-yard special .ale at, yard each . yard patent leather tips, low heels, always $1.50 regularJy!
£ and Backs 23c y 6c 12g 1Sg 28c Sc ast for a Ii::!e trads bnngcr in the iho= department w=
i 1200 pretty and most desirable denim pillow tops - offer them for the two **** oni >; P air ? • • • BSo
{ and backs, tinted in the very best colorings, in —g~ « *H+*%m. *+ m m n 0* -B -• w - Ladies' \rate C^^ (hlorcls-L.ce Oxfords, with
I S^fc^^l^g 5Oc *° &- 2 5 Colored Dress Goods 35c Yard
*: sortment including the newest things in smokers . This great sale to-day and Wednesday includes a choice assortment of Mistrals, Etamines, Voiles, Melrose, *" gol °? r ? A e , t ,T at * '™ \ ' 1
* sofd reSfundef soil TzlhV^*^ Albatross ' Larisdown and Scotch Suitings, short lots to close, for less than manufacturer's cost.
$ Tuesday and Wednesday only '. . • . 23C Mistrals — InLansdown— In MclrO^SC- In EtaminCS— In AlbatrOSS— For Scotch Suitings— elsewhere at $i.oo the pair; here for the two days
J " shades of blues, shades of turquoise, shades of rose, shades of tan, cham- waists and evening In prettv mixtures onl ? :•• .• 65c
*! Anti-TrUSt Cameras black, green, tan. reseda, light blue and brown, blue, and pagne, reseda, navy wear — pink, gray, of brown, blue, gray, FIRST FLOOR. "
-,.,rf r* Una,, -. Ciim«Ji'« etc '' ** and 1 - 25 rose, regular 51 and pretty gray, 'regu- and black, regularly tan, navy,' castor, black and white, reg- « - - __ _
j ana uamera auppttes values, yard fl. 25 values, yard Iarly the yard 50c, the yard regularly 50c, the yd ularly 50c, the yard SaiCS Of HattiS, Soap,
* ' at Anti-Trust Prices 25c 35c 35c 35c 35c 35c Choice Liquors, etc.
*f The An«co Cameras are perfect picture-making ma- I I ¦ • Tuesday and Wednesday
I ch ?" End 7 ithoat doubt bcitfilm . cunerM mtde * They Fine Glassware at Colored Sheen Skins 35c Sales ¦ Linings, S^SsJj? E ; K "° t » 13o
J will be made satisfactory in every particular, and price r% u f Pm*f nt *a %*%*m*M* C70tf «9##C7C7f# «9fll###9^ «*•*¦> Cnmh'x Pin* Fie* Soap— 5000 ban Cudahy'.E. z., aaextn.qnaityiamrfry «a ft Tenr
J n «h w rtkul for ..^ g .od.. on f Jo-day and Wednesday your pick of another big lot „£££* s7"n' ££- l|=^g||ffiigip^S
* RiASSl£?030!SS::::-.:.$ftSS "" d - •» «¦*«•«» «^#S of art sheep skins-reds, greens browns tans, grays and FlJ , bUck , J+ inchM Wide : „»,,„ P «. tlln ,-,. me . p,,--^^/. ! ./. . .a^itfo
} •><.. 3 »«»-r»,;, picture, 46.7S l«ly >3.;oi 10-day and Weanesti.y m°QeS, almost every One in the lot worth 73C, 3StS '8<= »«I«= to-d>v and Wednesday Oav«OII-Dr. ttohinunii't, qun 65o
if No * Folfa* A=ic— 3X«4X pict.ro. .... S1I.7O OI ,\j , fg Qff for, each .' mrm^mr > 5,| ro(11 ,_ cll< , i<c rel AUlk , 3 £„ 2S0
I JtotolSJ^dK, pipeV Jo'ffi!"- w.,cr 'M^i c» t J.S] Umbert's IJstcrtae-$1.00 size, to-day only. ...54c udies . tock UBbs I,; |jl ; ni ; m . W*; \ \ V.' I .«*
J 3M«4^ »«!», iozen. . //o 4*5 "»<*. dozen f^o regularly 25c; to-day and Wednes- . bcr, fancy carved tops, regular 50c Ivory Soap -Or Quku Lily, do«n 85o
V 3X*4X >*<** *««' • #*O 5x7 mch, do«en. . . .^^O day /|y o A, |n| valus » to - d *7 and Wednesday, each Hock- Choice « hire wine, gallon . . f *3 O
% f?^0^3^M^M^U^ Wntcrlvmblcrs-Rnethin-blowngl..., if * ' • * * * I * 7 ° WM^^^3fS "f.T^So *"
5 *4v •«»£ i««. " I/C wbdjtoen.'.'.'jjj iome with dainty engraved de.igns; V^^ v^ S/^ A A S A* S* A> M 0M **W Ladies' Back Combs- Heavy shell; rcg. ' GaHoa ju^ regularly J8.00, for $6.OO}:^
v M n fl A^ A #^ MAM _For^»u n ; a k regularly Si. 10 thc dozen; to-dav -rf J^Y L7 £/lJ'24tZ / / YT^V M B M &&£ uiar 25c vaiues, to-day and Wednes- C 4 C. Ginger Ale- Per do«a $1.43
I M. C?. fleve/Oper-Fordcvclopmg paper, 6 tubes and Wednesday onlv S9a WSBSF M^M A JL */B&£>J* 7LJLJL&<is£lB& day each 1R n Port or Sherry-Good 5 - ye ,r old win,,. ... .5 botd,, 51.00
V :n a Box; a larger quantity and just a. good if not a bet- ' . ' ' " 0J ' 0 S^ffT jff Jf IL^^-^ JmM&f4S ** mrV&lrJgIi^_^ u.y, c«m #i j C Marquette Pure Rye WhisKey — Rrgularly $1.25, -to-day and
*J to- ceve'oper than the tret formula for 75c. We .ell Claret Glasses — Fine thin-b!own glass "CALIFORNIA'S" LARGEST M' " m1^ism^^^*^^**" ¦ • Fancy Cube Pins — 100 count, in black Wednesday only, bottle 83o
J- tkt ««M. Q.." 6 tubes in a box for 50c on ltcm » r =P ular] y the dozen, ' - «n 1 Ifii 'llilTr U lWlill|tl ' " ' "" and assorted colors, regu'ar value 10c O. P. S. Whiskey- Guaranteed 10 year, old—
i I Ac* H ??3 ¦ : IQo Hydrxhiaoa/wncV. .' . 20o l0^y and Wednesday. . . $1.15 GRANDEST STORE. each, to-day and Wednesday . 5c £Sj r"jSS jf.^fe.' ." .' *. '. '. %SS
'+'a'a's?4Ca'a «ay<rtfliflata W^<la1al< kVsl<«<>»^i VsVrtsViViVsla Vrtai<<a<tlrti frfcWaysAsArtsArtaia Viamrts^i^i «t Vik Vt <i Vt V* Vt k «i «i VtVi V* Vt 'a'Aaa'jCa'a'a'a «* *t vt Vt Vt <t Vt vt Vt Vt Vt VtVtVt «a Vt #3 Ve is Vt «a VtVt V«Vs Vt Vt 4 Vt <a <atc <* Vt Vt Vs Vt Vt VtVt Vt iiVt Vt Vt VtVt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Ve 'a "a VtVs Vt Vt 'a Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt it Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt VtVt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt Vt it Vt Vt Vt Vt \"I figureA 1 said Briefly, "that adver
tising costs Tne several thousand dol
lars a year." . ,
. "The idea! Why, I didn't suppose you
lawyers advertised. The ethics of* the
iwoJfisslon.vJ.^inderBtajid.'V Ei \y ;; - ~
. 'Ob. I refer to the advertising of the
bargain stores that my wife reads so
religiously."— Philadelphia Times.
BERLIN. July 4.— Das Kleine Jour
nal, which is usually well informed re
garding court matters, says Baron von
Mirbaeh,- courts marshal to the Em
press, is about to resign owing to Ill
health due to worry over the attacks
made upon him .by the press in con
nection with the recent trial, of the
Pommeranian Bank directors.
sign Post as Marshal to
the Empress.
German Baron, It Is Said, Will Re-
PRESS ATTACKS PROVE TOO
3ICC1I FOR VOX MIRBACH
The parade was headed byj. F. Kin
ney as Uncle Sam, followed by a tab
leau representing the famous picture.
"The Spirit of "76." Then followed
Grand Marshal Gard and his 'aids, and
the; military. Captain J. J. O'Connell
had command of the infantry contln-
OAKLAND, July 4.— The military
features of the day were excellent and
the parade a success. Marshal Gard
and his aids were assisted-by the mili
tary and naval authorities about the
bay.r There was an infantry contingent
from the Presidio, several batteries of
artillery from the same section and
bluejackets, marines and naval appren
tices from Yerba Buena and Mare Isl
and. The , National Guard furnished
three companies of infantry, the Vet
eran Reserves and a company of cav
alry. I In addition to this there were
several civilian military societies, such
as the League of the Cross Cadets, the
Congregational Cadets of Oakland, the
Alameda Hospital Corps,/ the Cavalry
Reserve of San Francisco and the' Ca
det Corps from the Children's Home.
The sixth division of the parade was
entirely^ given over to the Portuguese
societies of Alameda County and was
one of the largest divisions of the pa
rade. In this division was a float rep
resenting the ship of Cabrillo, who
landed in California 1 in '1542.
Excellent Showing Made by Those In
terested in the Pnrade.
MILTARY FEATURES.
LONDON. July 4.— H. M. S. Vener
able has just created a world's record
in p'rize firing off Malta. One of the
Venerable's twelve-inch, barbette guns
flred nine, rounds in three minutes and
scored nine hits. The following is the
actual record of the foremost barbette,
the time occupied in each case being
three minutes:
Turret, 9 rounds, & hits; right gun,
9 rounds, 9 hits; left gun, 5 hits.
Total, 23 rounds, 19 htts.
Crew of the* Warship Venerable
Establish New . World's Record
in PHre Firing.
BRITISH SEAMEN CARRY
OFF HONORS AS GUNNERS
SALT LAKE CITV. July 4.—Jona
than Riley. an iron molder, and his
fourteen-year-old son, John, were
drouned in the Jordan River, near
here, to-day. ,Th« boy was in bathing
with his brother and got beyond his
depth. His cries for help attracted the
attention of his father, who, although
unable to swim, plunged Into the
stream to save his son. The bodies of
both were recovered a few hours later.
FATHER DIES IV FUTILE
ATTEMPT TO RESCUE SON-
Dies From Heart Dlsea.se.
OAKLAND,' July 4.— Henry Wolfsohrt
of 2333 Pine street. San Fruncisco. dietl
suddenly at San Leandro this evening:
from degeneration of th i heart Mr.
Wolfsohn is a prominent San Francisco
merchant, who took up his residence
near San Leandro a few days ago for
his health. He was 64 years of age and
a native of Germany.
Some Chicago burglars used an acid
in order to take only real silver from
a house they had broken into.
The Paivaletah, organ of the young
Finnish party, has been suppressed
because it did not pronounce Itself
strongly enough against the crime.
HELSINGFORS. Finland, July. 4. —
The commission which is investigating
the asassination of General Bobrikoff,
Governor General of Finland, Is pro
ceeding wfth great thoroughness and
probably will require a month to com
plete its work. Twenty arrests have
already been made. " ¦
Twenty^ Arrests Have Been Made as
Result of the Labors of the
. : - Commissioners.
DEATH OP BOBIIIKOFF
IS BEING INVESTIGATED
LITERARY EXERCISES.
The afternoon programme com
menced at 1 o'clock with the literary
LIVERMORE, July 4,— The most
elaborate Fourth of July, celebration
ever held in the interior of Alameda
County took place to-day at Liver
more, and the people of the surround
ing towns turned out to enjoy the fes
tivties. Livermore's sister town, Pleas
anton, joined in the celebration, and
sent her fire department, two floats
and a large delegation from the Pleas
anton lodge of Foresters to take part
in the parade. '
j The committee in charge of the ar
rangements for the celebration pre
pared an excellent programme, whlqh
was carried out without a hitch.
Promptly on time the order to advance
was given and the procession, nearly a
mile in length, started from the cor
ner of First and Maple streets, headed
by Grand Marshal Pavld McDonald
and his aids.
The first division, led by the San Le
andro Band, consisted of Companies B
and I. Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, the
members of the local post of the Grand
Army of the Republic, the president
and orator, of the day. the reader of
the Declaration of Independence, the
Board of Town Trustees in carriages,
and the Pleasanton and Livermore Fire
Departments.
The drum corps of Olympus Parlor,
N. S. G. W., of San Francisco headed
the second division, in which were the
Native Sons ond Daughters with their
float, the Pioneers of the Livermore
Valley, fifty young women on horse
back and the rough riders and "bron
cho-busters." Next In the third divi
sion came the Goddess of Liberty, Miss
May Richards, her attendants and" the
floats of the Pleasanton Fair and Rao
ing Association, the local lodge of ths
Ancient and United Order \ of Druids
and the Eagles. The Foresters., headed
by their float and other civic and
fraternal societies followed in the
fourth division, and in the fifth was
a grotesque aggregation of horribles.
Grand Marshal McDonald was as
sisted by the followine aids: A. W.
Feidler, E. K. Strobridge, Peter Hoare,
Rod Fallon. William Martin. Thomas
Uawley, Ed MerriUo. Marion Horton.
Frank Mulqueeney, Frank Fennon, D.
F. Bernal
Celebration in Valley To\rn 'includes
Many Interesting Features.
LIVELY IJVERMORE.
OAKLAND. July 4.— Nicholas New
ell, a San Francisco cook, came to>
Oakland to-day to see if he could not
make a success of suiefde. He brought
with him a bottle of laudanum and a
dull pair of scissors, rented a room \n
the Grand Hotel at Washington and
Ninth streets and went to work. Ho
took the laudanum and tried to cut the
veins In his wrist with the scissors.
There was too much laudanum in th->
bottle and the scissors were too dull.
The result was that he was taken Cb
the horpital. pumped out and patched
up and will recover.
took Tries to Knd His Life.
. The Declaration of Independence was not the
perferred utterance of a frenzied multitude.
The agitator? and demagogue were conspicuous
by their absence in that august assemblage.
I believe I speak the truth when I say that
that iconoclast has not y«t been born who can
diminish Us influence or destroy Its hold upo*h
X" unalloyed affections of a great, free and
independent people. , ... . \
My friends, there hare been many ' efforts
made to enact I legislation to prevent : the dexe
cr«;t»pn of the fla*. Personally. I .cannot con
demn* sueij desecration - too •frongljr.''- 1 But- It
so-ms to me that the patriotic sentiment of the
people of this country should make such a law
unnecewtry. Tou can never Inspire a love for
Rev. Thomas A. Boyer offered prayer.
A picked detachment of regulars from
the Presidio gave the manual of arms
with precision and accuracy. "My Own
United States" was sung by the Ma
sonic Quartet, composed of Alfred
Wilkie, D. M. Lawrence. H. W. Pat
rick and William Nielsen. So weir was
the popular composition rendered that
the audience demanded more, and the
"no encore" rule was broken. The quar
tet responded with "The Phot That
Was Heard Around the World." Miss
Ethel Cook gave an excellent recita
tion of'*'The Great Commander, Abra
ham Lincoln." Miss Susie Gladding
sang "Tenting * bn the Old Camp
Ground." The Declaration - of Inde
pendence was read by Miss /Ethel ! A.
Coplin. In stirring tones "The Man
Behind the Gun" was sung by the Ma
sonic Quartet cV-V : v^
Mayor Olney presented Julius Kahn
in a brief e'ulosry of the visitor's ser
vices in Congress. The' former, legis-,
la tor. in the course of his oration, said:
John T. Bell, chairman of the liter
ary committee. Introduced Mayor War
ren Olney, the president of the day,
who said:
We have met here to commemorate the one
hundred and twtnty-etehth anniv-ersary of the
birth of our great nation. We are h«re to
celebrate the adoption of these great principles
that arc coming to govern the conduct of the
whole elvillrtd world. The force of those great
promises is coming to be the standard by which
we ¦ shall measure every act.
of July Oration at Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 4.— In a speech that
was a wide departure from the stilted
"Fourth of July" oration, former Con
gressman Julius Kahn of San Fran
cisco held the center of the stage this
afternoon at the literary exercises at
the Macdonough Theater. Kahn's ad
dress was a protest against what he
called an attempt to stir up wrath,
hatrsd, strife and contention among
the toiling masses under the guise of
so-called patriotism. So' vigorously
did the former Representative de
nounce demagogues and agitators that
he aroused hisa"udience to a high pitch
of enthusiasm. Kahn's oration was
one of the events of. Oakland's Fourth
of July programme.
; The "red, white and blue" was used
artistically in the stage embellish
ments, among which were conspicuous
flag-draped pictures of Washington
and Lincoln.
Former Congressman Delivers Fourth
JULIUS KAILX SPKAK5).
that Oakland set may be Imitated all
over the country.
Hereafter every town that owns one
of these captured Spanish cannon will
have to guard It well, for the example
OAKLAND, Julv 4. — There was one
feature of the Oakland celebration of
the national holiday that was abso
lutely unique — the old bronze Spanish
cannon that has decorated the City
Hall Plara for several years awoke
from its long-time sleep and its deep,
muffled voice opened the anniversary
of the nation that caused so much trou
ble for Spain. But when the old can
non spoke, after its many years of,si
lence, it did the best it could to injure
Us surroundings and it is estimated
that there was more than a thousand
dollars' worth of damage done to win
dows alone, without reference to dam
aged stocks of goods in nearby stores.
Shortly after Admiral Dewey cap
tured Manila there was a sudden de
mand for captured cannon, and
through the efforts of Congressman
"Metcalf a particularly fine specimen of
the old bronze pieces that had acted
as the defenses of Manila for years
was brought to Oakland and set up
in the City Hall park. The old can
non was mounted and for ab- *i lour
years has stood there, with a little tin
sign tacked upon the wooden carriage,
announcing that it was captured at
the battle of Manila Bay by Admiral
Dewey.
Of late years the hurrying tide of
American enterprise, swept by the old
piece and little heed has been given td
it: but some of th*e effervescent youth
of Oakland saw in the old gun a chance
to "do sturUs" that would awaken the
echoes of to-day. The piece had been
spiked in anticipation of just such ef
forts as the one that was so success
fully carried out. but this was not
a bar to making it speak once again.
A Ions piece of waterproof fuse was
run down the mouth of the cannon
and twenty pounds of black powder
poured in.' In the muzzle of the gun
was fitted a wooden plug nnd at 3:45
this morning the whole thing was
lighted. .
The- explosion was terrific, and win
dov.'s were broken for blocks around.
In the Pelger block, across the street,
not a window was left intact The
crockery store of Howell, Dohrmann &
Co. clalmg a thousand dollars* worth
of damage to stock alone. There was
not a window left. in the side of the
City Hall nearest to the old piece;
and those who were reposing. in the
City Prison with the uneasy semi-con
sciousness of having transgressed the
laws cf sobriety and the city of Oak
land thought that a doom had come
that was worse than a .sentence of
Judge Smith.
The cannon stands within twenty
feet of the entrance to the central po
lice station,, and the work was carried
on under the eyes of the police.
And so it was that Oakland had a
feature for the Fourth of July that
was entirely original. -. ¦ •„ ;•
Miss Gladding sang "The Faded Coat
of Blue," and the exercises were closed
by the singing of "America.!''
Let us teach the demagogue and the. agi
tators that our citizens have too much of 1 that
sound, sober Judgment nnd independence so
characteristic of the American people, to be
carried away by blttfr tirades and appeals to
class hatred and prejudice. Let our object be
our country, our whole country, and nothing
but our country. With that sentiment upper
most in the minds of our fellow-cltlxenH. '•gov
ernment of the people, by the people and for
the p<>op!e" snail never perish from {he earth.
Patriotism fellow citizenA is "a venerable
word when duly practiced." Instead of stir
ring up wrath, and hatred, and strife, and con
tention amonir the tollin K mtw,, how much
r^f I » Pa V l0tiC J Vould U ** to teach th * common
In?!-/; whose nollcltude thee-e eelf-stj-led
patriot* seem to be so deeply concerned, that
some of the greatest men upon the republic's
roll of honor have sprun* from th»ir ranks!
But. my countrymen, the millennium has not
jet dawmd— and.Bo we must expect to have
to listen to the ravlnfs and the abuse of
clf-matfogues and acltators. They dare not
prt-ach the broaa doctrines that thin country of
ours la a land of opportunity which gives a
chance to every man who would "rise out of
the prison of his mean estate." If they did
preach _ such doctrines, their occupation*, like
utneiio «. would bo jjone — for. as a-mle the
demagogue invariably agitates for what there
Ik in it for himself.
Fellow citizens., In this yVar of prace It be
hooves us also to beware of that class of
patriots , that reeks to array class against class
under the cloak and In the sacrrd name of
patriotism.
th» flag legislation any more than you can pre
vent crime by enacting laws to punish crim
inals. You can, however. Inspire a patriotic
levj for the. flag by teaching the youth of the
land the glorious principle* for which that
emblem stnnda, by recounting to the rising gen
erations the de<-<Js of valor that have been per
formed by Its noble defenders; by making th?m
feel that that bunting of red and white and
blue, with Its stars and its stripes, typifies all
thPt is best in American manhood and Ameri
can womanhood, by lettlne tht-m understand
that to dishonor it Is practically to dishonor
one's own self.
The triplets are CO years of age and
are in excellent health, as is their
mother, who possesses all her faculties,
«nd is still able to work in her little
garden. They will come East either
for Old Home week or during the Na
tional Grand- Army Encampment in
August. t .*. .
CLARKSBURG. Mass., July 4.— This
little burg, two miles from North
Adams, is greatly excited over the
prospect of a visit from the oldest trip
lets in America, if not in the world,
Albert. Alfred and Ambrose Aldrich of
Stockton. CaL They are natives of
Clarksburg, and they are planning to
come on for a reunion with their aged
mother, now 90 years of age, whom
they have not seen" since they went
West, long years ago. The reunion
will also bring together a large gath
ering of daughters, children, grand
children and numerous descendants of
Mrs. Aldrich.
Over Return of Trio Born There
sKty Years Ajjo.
Clarksburg. Mass.. Greatly Excited
AGED .STOCKTON' TRIPLETS
TO VISIT PLACE OF BIRTH
State Senator Joseph R. Knowland
read the Declaration of Independence
and the audience joined in singing
"America" to the accompaniment of
the band. Alexander Mackie and Sam
S. Green 'directed the athletic sports,
which consisted of races for men and
women, boys and girls, and tug of war
contests between picked teams. Prizes
were awarded to the winners and to
those who came second in the events.
Composing the- general committee
that had charge of the celebration
were Sam S. Green, Charles R. Smith,
George Hickman, George M. Fulton.
Martin Owens, Alexander Mackie and
C. F. McCarthy. The officers of the
West End Improvement -Association
who arranged for the celebration are
Charles R. Smith, president: Nelson
C. Hawks, vice president; George Ren
ner, second vice president; H. C.
Mehrtens, secretary; Sam S. Green,
treasurer; George Hickman, • sergeant
at arms, ri . • -
ALAMEDA, July 4. — Independence
day was observed here with a celebra
tion at the Neptune Gardens under the
auspices of the West End Improve
ment Association. Literary exercises
and athletic games were, held during
the afternoon and in the eyenine there
was a display of fireworks and a ball.
Colonel George C. Babcock was the
orator of the dav. He was introduced
by President Charles R. Smith of the
West End Improvement Association
and delivered an eloquent and .ear
nestly patriotic address.
Literary Exercises. Athletic Sports,
Fireworks and Ball Entertain.
WEST END OBSERVES THE DAY.
» H. W. Hastings, Golden Gate, was
treated at the same place, a pet mon
key having bitten him severely on the
cheek. The monkey was frightened by
flrecraemkers.
Peter Flocum. 11 years old, 1771 Sev
enth street, had the fleshy part of his
right teg and his side badly -lacerated
by a homb. He went to the Receiving
Hospital. .
Daniel Johnson, schoolboy, 1409 Sev
enteenth street, shot himself in the
hand with a blank cartridge pistol. The
injury was dressed at the Receiving
Hospital.
Thomas Taylor, 19 years old, a
broommaker living at Eighth and
Washington streets, suffered a fracture
of the jaw, broken ijf a fight this morn
ing. He w&K^treated at the Receiving
Hospital.
Charles Margenson. 613 Ninth street,
was treated at the Receiving Hospital
for powder burns on his face and
hands. •
Archibald Macdonald,-' son of J. A.
Macdonald, was seriously injured in
the hand while discharging a blank
cartridge pistol. He was taken to the
residence of J. H. Macdonald, his
grandfather.
Mrs. L. Mayo .living at C^4 Twenty
second street, fell from an electric car
this afternoon at Beulah Park and suf
fered a fracture of the hip. She wa«
removed, to her home.. ... . ,\
Edward McElroy! 41 years of age,
at noon fell twenty feet down a stair
way at Eighth street and Broadway.
He escaped with a lacerated ear. Mc-
Elroy was arrested for drunkenness.
OAKLAND, July 4.— Dr. R. A. Arch
ibald, City Veterinarian, was this
morning thrown from his buggy in a
collision vith a double team at Nine
teenth street and Broadway. Archi
bald was dragged and was cut and
bruised.
Many Casualties to Boys and Men
Mark the Day.
LIST OF ACCIDENTS.
gent, and Captain Bennett of the ar
tillery. Staff Surgeon A. E. Peck and
Lieutenant A, J. Hepburn had com
mand of the detachmeat from Terba
Buena and the Pensacola and Lieuten
ants Murfin, Pritchet and Mitchell
commanded detachments of marines
and bluejackets from ships in the har
bor and at Mare Island.
The League of the Cross Cadets con
stituted the entire fourth division.
They turned out more than ' 1000 men
and officers under command of Colonel
James E. Powers of San Francisco.
The cadets have turned out every year
at the Oakland celebration of the
Fourth of July and have been a very
important part of the parade.
Detective Quigley said he j believed
the pistol had been aimed at the
ground. As soon as the shooting was
reported Quigley went to the scene. He
interviewed the woman and her hus
band, but could not locate Rehor. Fox
told Quigley that he would swear out
a warrant to-morrow for the tailor's
arrest.
A corset steel saved the life to-night
of Mrs. A. A. Fox, residing at 822
Thirty-third street. From a pistol,
fired it is said by Ernest Hehor, a
tcilor living at 835 Thirty-fourth street,
a bullet struck Mrs. INjx in the side,
but glanced off after hitting the steel
corset rib. The missile's force inflicted
a slight bruise, but the deflected ball
dropped harmlessly to- the ground.
Whether the shooting was accidental
the police have hot determined.
Mrs. Fox and her husband were
standing in front of their residence
shortly after 8 o'clock to-night. Across
the street, according to the report made
to Detective Quigley, was Rehor, who
had a pistol and fired one shot from it.
The weapon appeared to have been
fired toward the Foxes, but not directly
at them. . -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broad! ay, July 4.
The fire destroyed a single-story busi
ne.es building on Dwight way near
Shattuek avenue, owned by Mrs. C. A.
Whiting. The loss is estimated by
Fire Chief Kenny at 54000. The store
keepers %yho were burned out are B. C.
Cook, grocer: L. W. Smitten, painter;
H. A. Pavliger. tailor. R. H. Bosworth
lost his household effects. The fire is
f uppesed to have been caused by a sky
rocket.
By retaining her presence of mind in
& moment of great danger Mrs. H. A.
Pavliger saved her three children this
morning from being burned to death in
a naming building on Dwight way.
The mother's* action was not a moment
too soon, for Fhe had no more than es
caped from the building with one child
in her arms and another trailing at her
night dress than the burning roof and
walls came down with a crash.
Mrs. Pavliger'* heroism was exhibit
ed Just after 4 o'clock this morning
when she was awakened by A. S.
B«st, a. neighbor, wha shouted- that the
place wag on flre. Her children were
sleeping in different rooms so that she
could not get them quickly. By the
time she did reach them and throw
blankets around them the rtaraes had
enveloped the building and almost cut
off escape- There remained only the
rear door then from which to issue
safely and through this Mrs. Pavliger
rushed, regardless of the tongues of
flre that licked her dress. One of the
children was old enough to find Its own
way out. but she was incumbered by
the other two, of whom she dragged
one and carried the other along with
her. The very moment she got past
the flames there was a great crash of
timbers, which certainly would have
destroyed the family but for the brav
ery of the mother.
There was another heroic feature at
this fire. It was the courage of a
blind man who turned fireman. The
man's name Is H. V. Hull and when
firemen were needed he was there to
help. It that the fire depart
ment was late in responding to the
alarm and as there were only two men
to pull the Alert hose cart, two blocks
away from the scene of the flre Hull
was pressed into service. He was led
to the cart and stationed behind it so
that he could push, while the others
pulied and guided the machine. Thus,
through Hull's aid. a hose was turned
on the fire much sooner tb.an otherwise
it could have been. .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, July 4.
J. A. Bunting, J. J. Santos, W. \V. Walton,
C J. Augusto. H. W. Nurnberg. M. Olivers*.
F. T. Hawes (chairman). J. J. O'Keefs (sec
retary) Judge Sandholt. L. L. Francis, D. D.
B. Eaton. J. Plas. W. T. Ralph. M. J. Souza.
C. A. Plummer. M. F. Francla, F. T. Dnsten
berry. W. S. Santos. Dr. C. A. Ellis J. O.
Mattos Jr.. H. W. Lynch. A. T. Boret. T. F.
Moore. G«orge Joseph. C F. Homer. R. A.
B«*chlmc. B. K. Badger. M. S. Pires. C. H.
Hatch. J. M. Joseph. W. D. Patterson and
J. S. Bell.
The Declaration of Independence was
read by Miss Olive Benbow of Irving
ton and an oration was delivered by
Attorney W. H. L. Hynes of Oakland.
The members of the committee in
charge of the celebration were:
CEXTERVILLE. July 4.— The cele
bration of the Fourth by the citizens of
Centerville was an event which will
b€ remembered here for a long time.
That the celebration was a success is
due entirely to the efforts of the com
mittee of citisens in charge of the ar
rangements. The festivities were in
augurated witlr a parade in the morn
ing, with various exercises, and con
tinued throughout the day, closing" late
this evening with a ball and fireworks
exhibition.
Residents Gather at Old Town to
Honor National . Day.
The following pries were awarded for
decorations and superiority in the vari
ous contests of the day:
"Broncho busting" contest — Roy McCraney of
San Joaquin Bridge won. John Prtc« o( Jjlver
more recond. J. K. Cordora of San Francisco
third.
Best decorated float — Pleasantoo Hors« A*
•oclation.
B*«t dwrorated clTle society float — Court
Allsal. F. of A.. Pleasanton.
Best decorated carriage — Mrs. Dr. 9. L. Sav
age.
Best decorated surrey— Mr* David McDonald.
B*st decorated buggy — Mrs. J. S. Mitchell.
Most original •Ueixn of decoration In the pa
rade — Miss Matt!* Knox. whose design was
gigantic California poppy with lady seated la
the center.
Be»t decorated building— '"The Grotto," I>.
C. McN'ally.
The baseball game was won by
Haywards by a score of 9 to 2.
The only accident whieh marred the
day happened at the "broncho busting"
contest. In trying to rope an unbroken
colt Henry Prall was thrown down and
trampled upon. His injuries, while
painful, were not serious.
CESTTERVILL.E CELEBRATES.
The members of the committee \ln
charge of the arrangements for the c*l
ebration were: T. E. Knox, chairman;
James W. Clarke, secretary; D. Mc-
Donald, George Gomer, D. J. Murphy.
William Lowenthal. F..Mathiesen.
PRIZE WINNERS.
exercises of the day, which were held
in the Sweeney Opera-house. After a
brief introductory address by President
of the Day T. EL Knox, Mrs. Ora Win
ters read the Declaration of Indepen
dence, after which J. J. Allen delivered
the Fourth of July oration.
At the close of the literary exercises
the various entertainments of the aft
ernoon took place. These Included a
baseball game between the teams of
'Llvermore and Haywards, a "broncho
busting" contest at Wlnegars Park and
games and athletic sports for young
and ohJ. The latter were under the di
rection of William McDonald. The cel
ebration closed with a grand ball in the
opera-house and a display of fireworks
in the evening. D. F. Bernal acted as
floor ' director, being: assisted by the
following floor managers: A. W. Feid
ler, D. J. Murphy, E. J. Sweeney. D.
McDonald, Marion Horton, George Gal
way. William Mulqueeney. *
Pistol Said to Have Been
' Fired by a Tailor, for
Whom Police Are Seeking
INFLICTS ONLY BRUISE
? v
Blind Hail Turns Fireman
and Helps Volunteers in
Bringing Up Apparatus
TAKES THEM TO SAFETY
Mrs. Pavliger Saves Her
Three Children From Blaz
ing Store Just in Time
Bullet Strikes an Oakland
Woman, but Metal Rib of'
Stays Deflects Its Course
Firing of Ancient Bronze Muzzle-Loader Captured by
Admiral Dewey and Now Decorating City Hall Plaza
of Town Across the Bay Shatters Many Windows
MOTHER PLAYS
A HEROIC ROLE
CORSET STEEL
SAVES A LIFE
SPANISH CANNON, LOADED BY STEALTH,
WAKES OAKLAND TO INDEPENDENCE DAY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; JULY f>,\ 190f
MUSKEGON, Mich., July 4.— A sail
boat containing seven pleasure seekers
was capsized in Rluskegon Lake to-day
and four of the occupants were drowned
in view of hundreds of spectators.
The party consisted of Albert Kenni
c<>tt of the Shaw Electric Crane Works,
his wife and their children, Linda, 4
years old, and two other 1 little girls,
and two sisters, Misses Adeline and
Georgette Emerson. High winds pre
vailed when the party started out and
when near Ruddimans Point the yacht
capsized.
Mr. and Mrs. Kennicott and \ Miss
Georgette Emerson clung to the over
turned boat The parents made frantic
efforts to save the children. The thir
tejE»n-month#-old baby was rescued, but
dJed before reaching shore.
Hundreds of* Spectators See
the Accident, but Are Un
able to Give Assistance
CHELDKEN LOSE LITES
Four Persons Drowned by
the Capsizing of a Sail
boat in Muskegon Lake
MEET DEATH
IN THE WAVES
FEAT ££?* S . £ F THE BI(l TOURTH OP JULY PARADE AT OAKLAND WHICH WAX PARTlClPAT"n TV RT rovTIVCPNTq
FROM THE REGULAR ARMY. THE NAVY. THE NATIONAL GUARD, VETERAN RE«ERVr<! Ivn nroPB orA«7
MILITARY BODIES AND NUMEROUS CIVIC ORGANIZATIONS 1{t - SERVE^ A >< D OTHER QUASI-
6
ADVEBTISEMTSITTa.
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali. Still more » harm ; is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
PearsV"
Sold all over tie world.
. OAKIiAXI>.
10*1 BroadTvay.
Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North V*.
ALAMKDA.
1455 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 5S».
BRANCH OFFICES'
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
APVEBTismvrEirrs.
It's a Mother's Duty
To sec that the children"* teeth receivo
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early age. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irrjrular growth,
loosrnlnj, etc
«^ Ol ir» m^ hfK !^* ar< ' thorough and suc-
Cfusful • nuirfic. ?xtn»ct«nR. •tc. la dona
in a h»Khly skillful manner.
T««t* *«jrnUi«d. > 35 Boat TiUtajn. 35c
Post-Graduate Dental College
a TATLoa «t« saw rmAvcxsco.
»TO WAt&lturto* «t^ O«kUad.
Son Jot«. ... BacraauukfcfeSITUATION IN TANGIER
NEVER MORE CRITICAL
LONDON, July 4. — Sir Henry Wil
liam Rattieran, member of Parliament
for Northeast Lanarkshire, was killed
to-day in a motor accident near Glass
wade. A tire burst and the car was
overturned.
Member of Parliament Killed.
Mrr. Whelan has applied to Judge
Mcntsky for the custody of her 12
year-old boy. Eddie Whelan. Under
a sentence from the juvenile depart
ment, the boy was placed in St. Vin
cent's Orphanage. His parents sepa
rated -when he was a year old and the
child was placed In the care of his
grandmother. Recently he was found
by his mother, who asks for his re
lease. ' .
Mother Finds Her Boy.
LONDON, July 5, 5:35 a. m.— Captain
Gundel; of the wrecked steamship was
among the survivors that arrived on
the steamship Energie. In an , inter
view he said: .. ' -,..-. > ;.
"All went well until about 7:45
o'clock ; last Tuesday.- .When - about
eighteen miles south of Rockall I felt
the steamer strike \ heavily -forward ; on
a sunken. rock. VThere,;,was.*;,,gjen.tle
Commander of the Xorge Goes Down
With Ship, but Escapes.
CAPTAIN GUNDEIi SAV'ED.
. Robert W. Shingle of Honolulu ar
rived to-day from Washington on his
way home. He Is staying at' the St.
Francis.
L. R. Poundstone, a well known min
ing man of Gatton, is registered at the
Grand.- :
M. P. Snyder. the Mayor of Los An
geles, is at the Palace. ~i>j~\
Mayor R. F. Johnson of Monterey is
registered at the Palace.
J. Craig, the proprietor of Highland
Springs, is at the Grand.
PERSONALS.
.. While credit is being given, per
haps the' weather man should line up
with the : Fire Department and" get his
due. The slight rain, or heavy drizzle,
of Sunday night probably contributed
in no small degree to the city's escape
yesterday from- serious fires.'; ; s :•*¦ I i
. The citv ; firemen celebrated the
Fourth In their usual busy fashion.
At all the engine houses the day was
an almost continuous round of activity.
Alarms'; were frequent from morning
to night in all parts of the city, and
engines, horses and men had few rests,
thanks to the work of Young. America
and . the perniciously effective fire
cracker.
' Out of it all the San Francisco Fire
Department added to Its reputation for
efficiency. The . noisy boys of all ages
did. their best. to start a conflagration.
Powder was burned by the ton all over
the city. Fires by the score were
started. But the city's amazing luck
stood by it.
-.Prompt work by the 'firemen
checked every incipient blaze- and the
total damage reported -from all the
fires "wiir probably total only a few
thousand dollars.
Many >Fires Are Started : by • Burning
: Powder, but Are Quickly Extin
guished With Small Damage.
, 'The Mormons" is in its last week
" at Fischer** Theater. "A Lucky
Ftone." Tvith Dorothy Morton in the
cast, opens next Saturday.
YOUNG AMERICA FAILS TO
BURN UP MUCH PROPERTY
Belle and Lotta Tobin, who present
a- refined and dainty musical act, were
heartily applauded afboth perform
ances at the Chutes yesterday. Carl
Reiter, a monologist, held his audi
ence laughing for full fifteen minutes,
and the three sisters Kelcey gave a
capital singing and dancing act.
Hershal Stein, a young barytone, made
liis first appearance as a singer of
illustrated songs, and Fyne and Dandy,
comedy acrobats; Trask and Rogers',
Mack-face comedians, and the anl
matoseope completed a capital pro
gramme.
The Central Theater began the week
yesterday with packed houses at both
matinee and evening performances of
Theodore Kremer's new play. "Wedded
ar.d Parted." It is a comedy drama
and, like all of Kremer's work, is as
full of sensations as an egg is of meat
Three or four curtain calls after every
scene proved that the Central has
etruck the real thing in the bill now
on the boards. The play tells the story
cf a woman's cruel wrongs, but the
faithful heart triumphs at last, of
course, and the day of happiness
dawns brightly after the night of woe
and suffering. The plot is said to have
been obtained from actual facts, re
vealed by the police records of New
York City. However that may be, the
piece is a pronounced success at the
Central and is in for a prosperous
track.
. Karl Mathieson, the Danish sailor
who assumed command of the boat
brought to Grimsby, only joined the
Norge at Copenhagen just before she
sailed for New York. He, said he
knew nothing about the , ship's ar
rangements in case of collision or fire.
He had nevervbeen instructed in the
fire drill and did not understand what
it meant. He was on' deck when the
vessel -struck., but he ; did not. know
until he heard the captain shouting
the order to man the boats that the
damage was great. Mathieson said:
"I worked with the third -mate and
followed him to the different boats.
The first we attempted to lower
fouled her, tackle, keeping her . stern
fixed, while her bows fell and shot the
HEAVY SEA RUNNING.
"We told the captain and he im
mediately told us to go ahead and we
picked them up. They were In a ter
rible plight. Men and women were in
sufficiently clothed and so cramped
that they could hardly come on board.
We could not start immediately, for
we had our nets out. but as soon as
they were stowed in we went di
rectly to where the Norge went down.
There, was no trace of the ship, but
back of the rocks were the bodies of
more than 100 men, women and HtUe
children."
"I went below and got the glasses.
" 'It's a small boat,' I said, 'and they
have got a jacket flying at the bow.'
" 'They have been shipwrecked.'
There were some biscuits, and these
were eaten by the shipwrecked people
during the ten hours between the time
the ship struck, at 7 o'clock a, m. June
28, until they were picked up by the
Grimsby trawler Silvia.
"And we who sat horror-stricken In
that small boat, avoiding as much as
possible the heavv seas because we
were afraid we would sink," said Larra
Christina Pederson of Copenhagen, who
Is on her way to join her cousin, John
Schroeder, at Chicago, "we were danc
ing and singing to the music of guitars
and violins the night before on the
promenade deck of the Norge. We
were so happy then in that small boat,
not knowing what would be our fate.
With the memory of horrible scenes on
the steamer, we could do nothing more
than pray miserably for the succor and
help that came."
"I was on the bridge looking at the
men gathering in the seine," said Hen
ry Glover, second engineer of the Silvia.
" 'Is that a buoy out of place?' I asked
the cook; who was with me on deck.
" 'You don't see any buoy,' he an
swered.. ¦
plunged forward/her stern shot up in
the air and she -disappeared. The swim
mers In the vicinity of the ship were
drawn into the vortex and were whirled
around like chips in the maelstrom.
But twelve minutes elapsed from the
time the ship struck until she sank. A
fine Scotch mist which was falling at
the time shut out the other survivors
from the view of those who were
brought to GYimsby. These latter, as
soon as their boat was clear of the
scene of the wreck, devoted themselves
to thoughts of their own safety. A
jacket was tied to an oar, which was
in turn fastened to the bow of the boat,
and a sailor, a Dane, took charge of
the boat. Men and women were put to
work keeping the boat afloat, as a hole
had been stove in her bow when It was
lowered from the ship. An examination
of the water cask showed that It did
not contain a drop of water.
BUT L.ITTLJE TO EAT. .
, The crew , of ; the Norge appear to
have behaved well after the first panic,
when It' Is said, the officers were com
pelled to drive them back from the
boats. But there apparently was no
discipline, the orders which the captain
shouted from the bridge being,misin
terpreted or unheard. So far as the
survivors here remember there was no
systematic distribution of the people
to the boats, which, were not adequate
ly-manned. No attempt , was made by
any of , the . survivors to , save prop
erty. There /was no time to make prep
arations. . . • . . . , . . "
Many deeds of. heroism shine bright
ly through the pall of the catastrophe.
That of Jans Peters Jansen, who«has
relatives in Brooklyn, N. Y., is told
with admiration by the survivors. He
was one of the engineers on the Norge.
When the ship struck ; he learned the
extent of the disaster and went below
to where his relatives were and told
them and those near by to go at once
to the upper deck. He" accompanied
them to the boats-and saw them safely
on board. He was urged to Join them,
but said he must return to the engine
room, and, shouting farewell, ran to
his post of duty, where he died. Some
of the male passengers, without a
thought of self,> placed women and
children In the boats, preferring to re
main behind rather than take advan
tage of their strength. The mate of the
Norge, who- left the ship, in the boat
which arrived j here, leaped Into the
water for the purpose of swimming to
a second boat. He had, only gone a
short distance when, weighted by his
clothes, his strength gave out and he
sank. ' .. '..'
occupants^ Into the water; A heavy
sea was. pounding the boats against
the ship's sides. We went to another,
a crowd of shrieking women and chil
dren following.. • . •
"The launching operations were not
conducted simultaneously, the officers
and crew going from one to another.
Had men been set at work at each
boat more would have been saved.
Some of the crew were worse than the
passengers and but few of the officers
would have put off in the boats them
selves. They were driven back and
threatened with death unless they
obeyed orders. The captain never left
the bridge, but he shouted so many
orders that the crew did not know
what to do. Therefore, I stuck to the
third mate. Together we Jumped into
a small boat just before the vessel
went down, but we did not think so
many were left behind as appeared on
the water when the Norge sank. Those
remaining on board were chiefly
women and children. I saw only two
other boats afloat, one a big lifeboat,
easily carrying sixty persons, and the
other a smaller boat, carrying possibly
forty. No other bpats got away,
though there were eight on board."
ENGINEER A HERO.
breeze .from the southwest. I stood on
-the bridge with Chief. Officer Carpen
ter. Soundings were taken and it was
reported there was five feet of water
In the forward hold! Orders were given
to commence pumping and also to the
passengers to put on life belts and be
ready to get to the boats, which were
ordered to be put out.
"The crew worked nobly under the
leadership of the chief officer. Seven
boats got safely away, the life saver3
were cut adrift and the steamer went
down by the bow. The chief officer
told me she was sinking and I told him
to Jump overboard, which he did. I
did not see him again. I went down
with the steamer. My right leg got
jammed between two stanchions and
was very much injured. When I
reached the surface I noticed a num
ber of bodies floating. The Norge was
afloat only about twenty minutes after
striking.
"I swam for about twenty minutes
and came across Second Engineer
Brown, who Is a good swimmer. We
kept company for about an hour and a
half,* when we noticed a boat some dis
tance off and we both made for It. I
was hindered by my sore leg and the
engineer reached the boat first. Both
of us were taken on board exhausted.
We found that It was lifeboat No. 1.
It was crowded and under the charge
of Seaman Peter Olsen. After talking
a little, I took charge of the boat and
provisions, which consisted only of a
box with bread and two flasks of water.
The boat w^s steered for St. Kilda, 150
miles distant.
"On Saturday morning we saw a
large schooner-rigged . steamer about
four miles distant. We put up a
blanket on an oar, but the steamer
passed on without taking any notice
of us! On Sunday morning a boat
passed some distance off. At about 12
o'clock Sunday land was sighted and
the spirits of all were revived. It
proved to be St. Kilda. Some time aft
erward a steamer was noticed coming
from the west bearing down on our
boat. She proved to be the Energle,
and at 6 o'clock we were safe on
board." -
i ample. Still another jumped into the
water and soon around the ship hun
dreds of persons were struggling In the
sea. Others determined to stand' by
the ship, hoping against hope that she
would remain afloat.. Three boats, it
is known, successfully reached the sea.
The passengers frantically pulled away
,from the doomed ship, passing by poor
wretches who were still afloat and who
vainly begged to be taken aboard,
while from the ship came long, de
spairing cries. The women in the boat
which reached Grimsby hid their eyes,
but the men who were sitting facing
I the Norge say they saw • the captain
1 still on the bridge and the passen
] gers on deck In attitudes of reslgna
• tfc-n. While they looked the Norge
the shrieks and sobs died away and
that the quiet was only broken by the
curses of some men whose fear found
vent in blasphemy.
Suddenly one man threw himself
overboard and another followed his ex-
The upper deck of the Norge at the
time of the disaster to the second boat
was only a few feet from the water,
j and it was apparent to every one that
only a few minutes more and she would
plunge beneath the waves. In the final
J crisis those who were able to remem
1 ber clearly what happened say that
I The crash was heard on deck; then
j the sea swallowed more victims, and
pieces of wreckage slowly drifted to
ward the rock.
MEN* BLASPHE3IE.
efforts of the passengers to fend it off,
struck the boat, smashing it against
the side of the ship. The occupants of
the boat who were not killed by the
impact were thrown Into the water.
The crew and passengers on deck had
no time to spare to assist the few who
had a chance to escape but lost- it.
Undeterred by the experience of the
first boat, a second, loaded principally
with women and children, was lowered.
This time the tackle ran smoothly, but
! the hopes of escape of the passengers
j on board were blasted. The moment
j It touched the water the waves picked
up the small craft as if it had been
a feather and dashed It against the
side of the ship in spite of the frantic
The passengers who were piled in the
! beats were the fortunate ones to escape.
The unfortuntes, who saw death near,
! clustered in the vicinity, a seething,
! struggling mass. Some were on their
J knees praying, surrounded by children,
I others were supplicating aid from any
j one and shrieking for permission to
enter the boats, elbowing and fighting
their way to the places from which the
boats were being lowered. The -sound
of grinding ceased and the bow of the
Norge gnawed as the steamer returned
to deep water. The sea hungrily rushed
into the huge rents made by the rocks
in the iron hull. Swiftly the vessel
began to sink by the bow. Without
waiting for orders and without paying
attention to their proper manning the
1 occupants began to lower the boats.
1 The starboard lifeboat began slowly
lowering, when to the horror of those
on board the stern tackle failed while
the bow tackle ran free.
Soon the boat was almost perpen
dicular. Those who were In it clung
desperately to the sides and seats until
a great wave came towering along and
order to the engineer to reverse the
engines. Some men of the engineer
ftrce had relatives among the passen
gers and after seeing ~ them safely to
the boats they heroically returned to
their station below. As the ship backed
off and as she gained headway it was
found that water Was pouring into her
hold. This fact, announced in Scan
dinavian, added to the supreme fright
and agony.
SEE DEATH COMING.
as the clanging bells brought the en
gines to a stop. Those of the pas
sengers who were standing at the time
the steamer struck the rock were
thrown against the bulkheads or on
the decks and had not recovered their
feet when a stentorian voice gave the
terrifying order: "All hands on deck;
hurry or you may sink."
Immediately there was a rush for the
narrow companiohways and men, wo
men and children pushes and struggled
and made every effort to reach the
d«-.ck, where the boats swung from the
davits. Many persons who retained
their presence of mind seized life pre
servers, only to find in some instances
that the strings were rotten and they
could not be quickly placed around
their bodies. Those wno reached the
deck saw the nose of the Norge pinned
directly against the rocks. It remained
there only a few minutes, for Captain
Gundell, commanding, who had im
mediately gone to the bridge, gave the
GRIMSBT. England. July 4.— A pile
of granite rising clear out of the At
lantic, 290 miles from the Scottish
mainland, is now a monument to al
most seven hundred dead. Bodies
wash against the rocks or .lie In the
ocean bed at its base. Near by, com
pletely hidden in the water, is the
Scandinavian-American liner Xorge,
which was carrying 800 Danes. Nor
wegians, Swedes and Finns to Join rel
atives or friends in America. Of these
only about 130 were saved.
No tragedy of the sea has had a
more appalling consequence and none
occurred in a shorter time. The pas
sengers were* suddenly aroused from
their sleep, terrified hy the contact of
the bows of the shlp\with the solid
granite, followed by a grinding, rasp
ing sound as if the hull was being
shoved over large rocks. Then silence
tfad Struggle for Life, in
Which 3Ien, Women and
Children Take Part, Pre
cedes Final Plunge of Ship
HEAVY SEAS BREAK
THE LIFEBOATS
1 ie&santly portrayed by Mr. Whittle
*=>->¦. That is a particularly effective
*;¦ er.e where he bargains with the
gypsy, though the actor is agreeably in
evidence throughout, except in the
"gooey" scene aforesaid.
Miss Marie Rawson. the new leading
l*.dy, made a pleasing impression in
the part of the heroine. Miss Rawson
brirgs sincerity, ease and a charming
naturalness to her work. It has, too,
the prophecy of that very desirable
quality, distinction. But Miss Rawson
DBSt look to her pronunciation—"sarr
t£in" for "certain," "fewcher"- for "fu
ture," "turrable" for "terrible," and
euch like errors marring not a little
cue's considerable pleasure in her per
fi rmance. Little Olive Cooper makes
a bit as an impossible, preternaturally
.*n:art •gamin." and Miss Marie Howe
furnishes a cleverly humorous bit as
the- fat and jealous wife of the painter.
The rest of the long cast includes Rich
ard Vivian, who benefits it with a
laughable picture of the calf -lover.
Luke Conness. John B. Maher and
Hfcrry D. Byer?, Annie Mifflin. Agnes
Rankin and Mabel Stetson. The piece
is charmingly staged.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
If you cannot go farther — where you
r.iiglit easily fare worse — take a. vaca
ticn et the Alcazar this week with
•One Summer's Day." Picnics, cool
rivers, haycocks, moonlight, what more
would you fcr the dog days?— it is true
one stiir wait* for the dop days. But
these are tie things that "One Sum
mer's Day" has for one. It is Just a
picnic, a laiy, sunny, restful picnic.
The comedy is by H. W. Esmond,
author of "When "We "Were Twenty-
Oce." end "was one of tne John Drew
mediums. As usual with these the hero
runs to self-sacrifice, though his end is
happy. Still, that is not his fault. He
has even more than the usual difficulty
cf seeing the thing under fits nose, and
heroically refuses his ladylove's hand
vhen the offers it — as Ehe does every
cow and a^ain — believing her to be in
love with some one else. He is the
Noting guardian and supposed father of
his email nephew, whose father is
dead and whose mother was a gypsy.
The mother is still alive — disreputably
mo — married again, and at the opening
of the play planning to blackmail the
uncle by pretending to want the child.
His sweetheart overhears the bargain
ing and "imagines the worst." The
SJPfy further complicates things by
entangling a schoolboy and an amorous
old painter.
There is plenty cf fun in the straight
ening out of the tangles and not a lit
tle "goo"— a coinage of the heathen for
u certain sort of sentiment. Major
Rudyard. the hero, has the most of it,
end needless to say in White Whittle
ffry's hands it does not lose. In fact it
gtts a bit sticky in the last act, where
the majur — in immaculate evening dress
— rushes in to weep at the death of
"kiddie" (pizzicato accompaniment on
th* strings). But the major is an at
tractive person, clearly characterized,
and in his lazy, laconic goodnature is
Blanche Partington Recom
mends the Vacationless to
Pav Visit to Local Theater
Granite Rock, Off the Coast
of Scotland, on Which Lin
er Xorge Struck, a Monu
ment to Almost 700 Dead
A JOHX DREW 3IEDIUM
"One Summer's Day" In
cludes Rivers; Haycocks
and Other Rural Delights
APPALLING
IS TALE OF
SHIPWRECK
INDOOR PICNIC
IT THE ALCAZAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY. 5, 1004.
BLIND MAN KILLED.— OAKLAND. July 4.
— The blind man who was struck and killed by
a San Pablo-avenue car last night proved to
day to be John Craiff. In inmate of the Horn*
for the Adult Blind. Craig cam* from Loa
Angeles and had been working at broom
ma kl p. k since he entered the home.
PARIS. July 4. — The funeral of
Senor Dupuy de Lome, the Spanish
Embassador to Italy, formerly Min
ister of Spain at Washington, who died
Friday night, took place at the Church
of the Madeline to-day.
Remains of De Lome Buried.
LONDON, July 5.— The Tangier cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, under
date of July 4, says:
"French officials here admit that the
situation was never more critical.
Fighting occurs daily in this vicinity.
Raissouli is only two hours from Tan
gier and Is collecting men. Yesterday
he attacked three villages and looted
their cattle. The town guards are
helpless. When the outbreak comes
there will be an appalling sacrifice of
European life to the fanaticism of the
Moor. The Sultan has cut down the
soldiers* pay by one-half and the dis
affected soldiers are deserting and
joining the freebooting bands."
palling Sacrifice of the lives
of Europeans." -
Outbreak Expected Which Means Ap-
7
..¦ PRAGERS 1 PRAGERS
Clearance Sale of Domestics *
lines oniy just openGG. . . .
No Question About Money-Saving Reductions
- f^\ expansion calls for more room, and within a very short time we will commence tearing up domestics and wash goods '|i
to conform to plans of "Greater Prager Store." We have anticipated every need, have arranged for extra CS)
sales people and have made shopping facilities as nearly perfect as possible. J^
Sj I Other sections of this store will have bargains that* are certain to interest* you, and, besides, Q)
U> there is the extra inducement, of "Something doing at* Pragers." , Uf\
"2""" ROLLER TOWELING SHEETS SILKOLINE COMFORTERS JJj
>V ¦ A YARD -—. 21-inch roller, toweling. '« |F^ In this lot there areonly 150 pip Pure white filled silkoline covered ?
* Wt ' f\ This is" a veTylheavjrtwilled toweling :^I^X> "dozen heavy, full double bed size M*"^/T> comforters. Every one represents
«-S»C_ and unusually wide. No more than J- jIL . sheets. The size is 81x90. No B <• newest designs and colors. fiL.
*^*^ ten yards /will be sold no -f f?\ ' "^^ more than ten sheets sold to m "^ They are extra- QJ -\ S"\ [¦
, each customer.- -The regular I rJG ,'".*. a customer. These /TA1- ordinary values TfN I .^fj , %
H*^i} price is. ...... ..i... ...A yard A W- sheets cannot be bought for less O^2C at • A+/X«.^V^ #
S«< HEAVY HUCK TOWELS than 1 2-4 HEAVY BLANKETS Q *
©»¦¦* -.HEAVY HUCK TOWELS , HEAVY BLEACHED DAMASK *H 4 n f-l A PAIR-This is a value +J
i W Qr^^p^™^^ -<3Co ss^ fi ?ro£ ece TiS xsarij SL35 s-sss^sss^s bQ *"*
JLh 2f*. rji, They arc the regular lamily size and X^P o f a Ct^^ l + l ' A# *- ri^ should provide herself with « C/5
O (& will wear unusually wel No more ° 0U V u^ee It 3 y"^ n-, at least a pair of them now. C Jg
Sr than ten of these towels^ /-) 1 T ™f h u «ge. it 13 . C /A^ The opportunity may not be given again. I • 2? W
& *A* wll be sold to a customer. 'This is ]V 2 C cent of ever y JUL These blankets come in <£ r\ CT C\ ft • *¦*
<5 -good value at ...... 1^ V. "^ 'v^\k 'tV^yardV 'to a'customer. Sr *""" *"* M>2,. 5 O JT
uc a\/v n atu TAu/Fl K. ¦ ¦ - 6e '' regularly lor • • r^\ sni^'
,^ Q i HEAVY BATH TOWKLb DAMASK NAPKINS We also have lines from 50c up. fc=3 * K «
S3 1An A^;^°^ Om ?7 b — ' PILLOW CASES I
3 I I JC thread bath towel. No more than UWr* designs m the regular dinner size; p. EACH-Heavy. shrunk -| /-N 1 !• QJA
0 3. ZZS~^^5 C y5c S»"3s$T.35 7c|li§£,sJ2Jc J> £
OfetraJ " WASH GOODS pn . CC ° • '1 c ': u 1 L sale at nearl > r one-half price. No more *b« 0\
i waotoww a do«n is a very low figure for the value they than ten sold to one customer. pSm W
S3 te"* £jS> this 'season's choicest wash goods. . CROCHET BED SPREAD g*\ JT*N
*# t* Trl^ Thev have been imported within the F . . , 1-1 A \ARD- Pretty and unusually ef- V
*+ ffO I last few weeks and have been selling S(\ &• cut all oi SL1 O^ fcctive designs in the newest wash p^
C^ W^ 0:1 our bargain tables for > HUP _ r U Oi *b±* s£kD JL awn s ; About 75 pieC e5 of our best B
• 1=>r- finfl 9Of f\ Vttrri W^W' *° uV'J'u'V" j • .-• lines have been selected for this sale *¦«
. ¦¦_ faaa -¦•¦•¦,*? a ? y a -r a — V - W Crocheted- bed I spreads withm a an d their . worth insures 1 /^v P\ •
CjF For this sale, however, an extremely low . , . _ few cents of half price. It is a every satisfaction. These lawns sold If IP f^ w
<%T price has been made. rare bargain. , or A yard ; fjp\
mo O Hand-Made Battcnberg Curtains [^ ' Couch Covers *3
(ft H § «T*-d ¦ i-i *ir,0 pairs, of real J$T^Hf " —- A\
£4) !S3 \L1 §A hand made Batten-- Hi KM ¦ *) *** _ . A P°°d. heavv On- 1 >±f f__l
j«K ' ral^^t-ri burg, lace curtains 4K&Jk*G)+ 4^4* C1 IC ental s ' ri P ed co^ h fiQ
. CfO I H** # **^ that have nice in- W "^TW 4H WlftH^t^T TO I I W covcr - finished with P™4 I
S? V^ ' ' sertion and ruffle, M II M jt^M II II li>^ il &4fr WA9lLxJr pretty fringe all the 0\
P^ A ~ finished with prcttv lace cd R e. The tiSfa M A 1 i || H M 7M , , • way round. The reg- ganj V^
V W regular price of <T /S f\ I/W^ 881 V W^#'^%%' »• VaIue 1S fll O RA (amA
* f-^. these curtains is... j\l|j/ C^ k\J •%D\J j JJ^*
*M I EXTRA HELP WANTED | E^ AL^VAYS RELIABLE I EXTRA HELP WANTED \ !^>
tse Xcu domestic salesmen. Four Jf^ |OQQ * | O Kf| ]Vf A TXKWT CT at Three silk salesmen. Fifteen I
* § II dress 0oods salesmen. || |^;, UOP KDUl Y lAKJiL 1 A.jones] | wrappers-experienced. | ( -jj
<§; There Will Be Something Doing at J
3 Pragers To-Day. Don't Miss It. H
ADVESTISEaCENTS.
I.....JNCKEASE 07 BUSINESS....-
Canted n« to look for a larger store— found It next door fCUJ&TUfS
FAMOUS OLD STOKE) — will move In on the 15th — Xt will lie easier to
¦end the mdse. to yon than to more it. so we will make some dees
cuts in the price* to help move the ffoods.
GUOCEKIES. I.IQXJOKS.
>~ f]H PE1TWICX RYE I
f<,a--^ y^y // - T^L am la »>*/» WHISKEY —
O/Tin r^ Distillery bot-
,—r.^Sg^-—^^ MmCj \\\*1'— tlinp. old mutur-
1 ' 1 *^^ M j^JLfl M tnp Dcst &TP not >
jj^S. • In it. Ber. *U0.
SWIFT'S WINCHESTER BACON. j??^^ j!n ?M<f ' a * S5c
sugar cured, for two days only... SiV\<tf
lb. 12c ii<J& DurrT'siuiT
FXTSE JEBSZrr CREAM— Largest $^F*L > WKIS *ST V--''
size 3 cans 2.1c i Th'i"~~™i 7 '£?
Sterilized and evaporated. Purest ;,,-. . £!lf.* B nt2lne - *"°
form of infant food. limit. l
PICNIC HAMS^-Fresh srnokec I TABM C^p^T ...... ...^^....^
SugaV cured, j Reg! VocV = f ** C J£ %!
SPIDEBLEO JAPAH TEA—Lncom- charge 40c to 50c for this same
monly cheap. .. ... . . lb. 2.>c Wine. ' Samples free.
re""' 4 ° C ° r a ° C ° tber OJ£«UVATi: STOCK PORT
Pure Sugar Crystals. Cubes. slve 8wee tness. 1S95 vintage.
Reg. 50c. Amber color. Has the flavor of
TABLS BELXSHXS bot. 5c Spanish Port. Price good all
' . , 'Manjr kieds. Reg. 10c and 15c bot. week. Reg. $1.50. *
PURITY OLIVE Oil.. RELIANCE BOURBON WKISXETr
... .. ...gal. cans S1.8."i Full quart oO«*
Pure California. Reg. $2.00. Distillery bottlirig. High proof.
IMPORTED SWISS CHEESE Res " 75c -
¦ • • • lb. 25c PURE GINOER BRANDY. . bt. .%O<*
Juicy. Fine flavor. . Double distilled. Finest thine on
Fresh roasted. Most delicious Cof- HUWTlig RYE WHISKEY
fee in the world. Reg. 37%c. bot.' J)3c
7AN0T FRENCH BREAXP AST To-day with orders.
COPPEE lb. 20c TOXAT. AHOSXICA AND MTTSC A-
Good. rich blend. Favorite seller. TEL WINES sal. XI. OO
I Reg. 25c I. de Turk's vineyard. Perfect »
COLOMBO CEYLON TEA- .lb. 5O<* satisfaction. Reg. $1.50.
' In original package. ' Fresh and OLD BAU5A.C BRANDY.. bot. 7."*»r> §
fragrant. Best Tea grown, and Purest distillation from grape
economical, too. - Juice. Reg. $1.00.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 1083.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal<.
lttrnia Btxeet. Teleohone Mala 1043, *
Towns*nd*s California Glace fruits la
artistic Ore-etched boxes. 715 Market »t*
The Board of Public Works has resolved, upon the
flushing of thoroughfares, wherever possible; as a means
.of 'cleanliness and sanitation that will remove the. in
cessant hazard to human life which is involved in flying
dust. This measure commends itself to public approval.
Jt' is practically impossible to estimate the evil that
lurks in the dust of the streets where the deadly rriictobe
;i$ insistent, an<l vigorously alive.
I like to think of old Bismarck as
he sat by the window that opens on
the windy park of Friedrichsruhe, in an
old gray shooting jacket, a rug over
hiB knees, a pipe In his hand — simple
as a" North German farmer, this man
who had almost held Europe in fee.
A little while before this February
day h* had been deposed from power.
All the world knew that the old lion
was sulking: in his den In no amiable
mood toward the young Emperor who
had turned him out of doors. It was
known that his memoirs were writ
ten and that his correspondence was
•et in order. A New York publisher
The Power of One Word.
TEXAS is a. large State and 'has been settled' by a
great variety of people. No wonder that it fur
- nishes a variety of incidents 6i human interest
from trying to pray the cotton weevil to a standstill to
shooting preachers for failing to do it. :..-' ; ,
Bat all the incidents, secular arid religious, are sent
away back by the exploits of a Texas Bluebeard, who,
in a fit of unjustifiable jealousy, inflicted, upon his young !
and handsome wife a punishment so unusual and so
savage and original as to make the efforts of fiction to
portray the green-eyed passion seem stale and flat.
Shakespeare has touched the subject with the gilding of
genius iri Othello. But { Desdemona was permitted to
piously, say her prayers and then was quite nicely smoth
ered with a pillow. As we see the unfortunate lady on
the stage, she makes no efficient defense of her.life, but
Jus|,'takc < s > ber.?mothe,ring as.if she deserved it, '.. ;'
.The Texan 1 Othello and Desdemona- Ha^-caused the-
A TEXAN NOVELTY.
"There are two distinct and appar
ently opposite processes going on in the
plant. (1) The decomposition of car
bonic aeid — the fixation of • the carbon
for the purpose of building up its own
tissues— and the liberation of oxvc*^-
This constitutes vegetable nutrition.
(2) The exhaling of carbonic acid, the
result of the urtW of the oxygen of the
atmosphere with the carbon of the veg
etable tissues. . This Is .analogous, to
respiration." Flowering plants of
strong, pungent odor are not whole
some in sitting-rooms and bedrooms. A
few small plants of delicate odor may
be kept in dwelling- rooms without in-
Jury to health- They may be even bene
ficial to the air by absorbing the car
bonic acid eras and warning: occupants
•by their drooring leaves whenever air
is overheated, but no one should sleep
in a room where there are pungent
flowers or growing plants.*
FLOWERS AND PLANTS— A. S..
City. The following by a writer on
plant life is an answer to the question.
"Do plants and flowers breathe?"
"MILLIONS IN IT'— T. Z.. City.
The name of the play in which John
T. Raymond frequently used, the ex
pression. "There's millions in it," is
"The Almighty Dol.lar." ..
'Ansivcrs to Queries.
A PHRASE— A. S.. Citv. "If I were
you, I would wear another coat" is a
proper phrase.
It is that swimming be made part of
every child's education. It is easy to
learn, never forgotten and may save
thousands of lives every year.
Although It does not invariably pre
vent death, it Immensely increases the
chances of life, while to know how to
swim would help many a woman to re
tain her judgment when preasnee of
mind is the next best thing to absence
of Body. Yotlrs very respectfully.
T. W. JACK3OX.
The Editor of The Call. San Francisco:
Dear Sir— If not too late, may I sug
gest a lesson taught by the awful Slo
cum calamity, in which it seems SoO
out of 900 victims •were drowned?
Teach Children to Swim.
Gibbs came down from his tree cured
of the sprain, picked up his camera
and went home. Then he developed
the photograph which the grizzly had
taken of Itself with the last shot he
had reserved for himself. .
Bert Gibbs is the amateur .photog
rapher bear hunter of all Hound Val
ley. But he doesn't hunt that class
of subjects since a big Mendocino
grizzly took his camera away from
him. He had shot everything in his
neighborhood and to his prized collec
tion of snaps of living birds, squirrels
and deer he longed to add the photo
graph of a live" bear. Qne with a
fierce, whiskered phiz, with tongue
lolling out and eyes gleaming in all
the savage fire of lowest brutedotn.
He was brave, was Bert, and filled
with .the enthusiasm of the true
"fiend,", took his solitary way into the
far woods armed with his loaded pic
ture-box. While cautiously beating up
a huckleberry patch trying to flush his
bear he fell over a bank and badly
sprained an ankle. After lying all
night disabled where he had fallen he
concluded that he was doomed to re
main there till he starved to death.
He photographed in his mind his ema
ciated body found days hence and the
sad idea came to him to take a last
"shot" at himself. He had heard that
people in the last ditch always reserved
last shots for their personal uses. He
would do this and the faithful camera
would give up a farewell view vt him
taken while dying.
Then he fastened a string to the
shutter of the machine, placed it on a
log and was beginning to "look nat
ural" before it when a huge grizzly
lumbered out of the brush making
more noise than a fujlgrown avalanche.
Gibbs heaved himself in one mighty
spring. His ankle was disabled but he
found no- difficulty in getting up a
nearby tree. The bear paid no atten
tion to him. but, squatting on his
haunches, proceeded to Instruct him
self In camera-craft. He picked tt up
with his fore paws and was making
a minute examination with eyes and
nose, when the shutter snapped. The
sharp sound frightened him and drop
ping the box he galloped off In the
woods.
a door which had been opened by an
other applicant. The lady ran excited
ly out of the room, but found no
traces of her pet. She rah distractedly
through the City Hall corridors and
finally found her way out to McAllis
ter street. She was just in time to see
the pour.dmen catch her dog with their
net and hurl him into the wagon for
deportation to the pound. She waved
her dog license, but without avail, for
the wagon dashed by her' and' the
poundmen only smiled.
A Grizzly Photographer.
Club have set for themselves ha?
had justice done to it in such accounts
of the club as have been pent to the
Vnited States since its opening the
other day. Probably it has been stated
that The Lyceum starts with a larger
membership and a liner clubhouse
than any other woman's club in the
world, and no doubt a good deal has
been said regarding the striking
ly large number of distinguished
women — both in this country and the
United States — whom Mirs Constance
Smedley, the bright girl who conceived
the idea of the Lyceum Club, has suc
ceeded in interesting in the project.
The Lyceum i?, of course, open to
professional women of every nation
and aims to do for its members a lot
of services such as no social organiza
tion — whether made up of men or
women — ever has undertaken before;
but the scheme of the young authoress
who founded it goes a good deal far
ther than thai.
"My ideal." ,«aid Miss Smedley to
the writer the other day, "is a union
of intellectual women workers the
world over which will advance the in
terests of all of them. That the Ly
ceum Club starts and for the pres
ent has its chief headquarters in Lon
don is merely accidental — though we
hope to make our clubhouse here a
meeting ground for women workers of
every nationality, as well as a sort of
'clearing-house' for their work. Our
hope is to have, eventually, just as
pretentious quarters and equal facili
ties for aiding members in New York
and the other great capitals."
"A woman's trade union," some one
called the Lyceum in my. hearing a
few days ago, and that really sums it
ell up. When Miss Smedley's idea of
an international club for feminine
writers, artists, musicians and other
intellectual workers was first mooted
it attracted no end of attention and
no sooner was it known that Lady
Frances Balfour, the Prime Minister's
sister-in-law, had become its chair
man, and Mrs. Moberly Dell, wife of
the editor of the Time?, its vice chair
man, and that half of the intellectual
women in this country, including Mrs.
Thomas Hardy, Mrs. Craigie, Miss
Beatrice Harraden, Mrs. Humphrey
Ward and Mrs. Flora Annie Steel, were
in the club's provisional committee,
applications for membership came in
almost aa fast as they could be record
ed. No small- number of them came
from the United States, and every
other civilized country in the world,
including China, was represented, too.
At the outset it had been decided
that the essential qualification for
membership In this club should be
active work for pay on the part of'an
applicant, the idea being to exclude
fashionable amateurs and beginners
who had fo far shown no special prom
ise, and this rule has been adhered to,
with the result that over 30 per cent of
:l:cse applying weie rejected. The list of
members Includes the names of two
Duchesses, several Countesses and a
few Ladies, it is true, but each of them
is an actual woman, worker. For In
stance, the Duchess of Sutherland and
her Grace of Leeds are both authors,
i>)le the Countess of Aberdeen's work
fijtoo well known to need any com
ment. Mrs. Langtry's daughter. Jeanne,
is now, as Mrs. Ian Malcolm, one of
the foremost liberal hostesses, but she
is a member of the Lyceum "Club solely
because she composes songs that get
published. The * Countess Feodore
Gleichcn, another of the titled mem
bers, paints and sells pictures. The
only exception to the club's rule is
made In the case of the wives of distin
guished men! and we have two of these
SHE HAL) THE LICENSE. BUT
THE CITY POUNDM ASTER HAD
THE DOG.
LADY FBAXCBS BALFOl-R. SISTER
<>F PREMIER AXi) < HAII'.MAN
OF XE»V UTCni'M CLUB.
The "medieval- torture chamber still
exists, if we may judge from the re
ports as to the "sweat box" and the
"third degree." What the concealed in
famy of the last may be is difllcult to
learn. The "sweat box" is a method
of confining suspects in heated air un
til the torture becomes so irritating as
to elicit almost any confession desired,
especially when coupled with cunning
questions and probings of the prose
cutors. But where is the boasted trial
by Jury and by hla fellows of. the An
glo-Saxon love of justice? It has been
supposed, wrongly, it seems, that a
man is held to be innocent until his
crime has been proved by orderly and
just trial. Punishment should not
therefore begin until after conviction.
The poor degenerates at best are poor
matches for the subtle and astute ques
tioners, without the added perplexity
resulting from torture. Why not revive
the rack and «crew and be done with
them Quicker and without trial? Will
some one tell the simple truth about
the abuses of the so-called examina
tions of prisoners before trial? What
exactly is the proceeding in the "third
degree" torture business? By what lavw
are such things allowed, and what have
the Judges and lawyers been about to
permit such barbaric anachronisms in
the twentieth century?— American Med
icine.
The Szvcat Bo.t.
cars, caused by those who chartered them using them
'as Storage warehouses by not. promptly unloading them
when they arrived at their destination/ This detention
on railroads cast of the Missouri River averaged eight
days, and, west of that line five days, per car.
While a shipper was using a car standing for storage
that he paid nothing for, another shipper was waiting for
the car to carry his goods, and was subject to loss by the
unjust detention of the facility he desired to use. The
effect extended to the whole commerce of the country.
The railroads had a car auditing system by which the
location of every freight car in the United States was
known. every day, and also the use to which.it was being
put and the cause of its detention, if any. By a clearing
house system all the railroads adjusted their accounts
with each other for the use of their cars, but this did not
prevent the abuse of their charter by the private ship
pers who. used the" cars for stationary storage. Finally,
sixteen years ago.^the Car Service Association was or
ganized, representing all of the railroads in the country,
to enforce uniform regulations for the unloading and
use of cars by shippers. '.
The; cars handled, at the beginning of the work of the
association numbered 600,000 a, year. Now it is 1,828,
045, and the time of detention, has declined to about a
day'and a half.. In 1903 the association handled a total
of 29,634,020 cars. If these cars had been detained by
shippers for storage purposes an average of five days,
there would have been a loss in use of 143,120,140 days,
which would have fallen not only upon the railroads but
upon the commercial community. As a matter of fact
the detention amounted to only 48,391,494 days, thus
effecting a saving of time in the use of 29,634,020 cars
of 94,778,606 car days over the old system.
This has been effected by imposing a chargc-of $1 per
day for the detention of cars after the expiration of
forty-eight houFS. The car; now move more promptly
and the facilities of* the service have been improved by
this greater mobility. Perhaps the community would not
have known of this increase in facilities which it has en
joyed except for a suit that is just entered against the
Car Service Association by the Coal Shippers' Associa
tion of Chicago to have it declared illegal and a trust
in restraint of trade. The coal shippers are interested in
warehousing on the track. If they can hold loaded cars
an average, of eight days they save storage. In the ag
gregate that means an enormous sum to the coal ship
pers, but as they do not pass the benefit on to their cus
tomers the public would suffer from a blockade of trans
portation facilities, with no corresponding benefit.
As the time saved last year amounted to, the service
of .315.928 cars. for each of the 300 working days of the
year, .it will be seen that a return to the old detention
system would mean the withdrawal of that .many cars
from service entirely. This would cause a car famine of
Mich proportions as would inflict great injury upon the
commerce, of the country.
The Coal Shippers' Association, in its averments in
the case, says that the power to. force the mobility of
freight cars by imposing a detention charge of $1 per. day
may be used in serious restraint of trade, and therefore
is obnoxious 1 to the anti-trust law; It is not plain that
the power to impose such a charge is in restraint of
trade. Freight car>-are. chartered for transportation, not
storage. Unles? there is some way to procure their
prompt unloading and return to the rolling service, the
shipper can retain them indefinitely for warehouse pur
pose?, subjecting their owners arid .the' public to great
losses and inconvenience. A court of equity would prob
ably say that the detention of cars is such a restraint of
trade as to warrant the means used to prevent it and «i
court of law might well hold that what the Car Service
Association does should be embodied in the interstate
commerce law. If it be held that such service is ob
noxious to the- anti-trust law, that statute should 1 be
amended in that particular. 0'/>x
.The .organization of the Car Service Association, now
perhaps for the first time known to trie general public,
illustrates the development of our American railway
system, and" its attempted impeachment in the courts
shows how* closely law follows everything done or left
undone in our vast system of . transportation. It may
have its defects, but if the. country were compelled to
resort to the crude methods it has displaced the result
would he ruin and famine for millions of people.
THE. commercial and non-commercial public goes
its way, getting used to inconveniences or to con
veniences .alike, quite thoughtless of the progress
in "what has -become the science of transportation, upon
which nil. commerce depends.. One of the most serious
ohstructions.to commerce -was the. detention of freight
THE MOVEMENT : OF FREIGHT CARS.
Much concern has been expressed" that the crops of
Germany have greatly deteriorated this 'year and that
the* food of the Fatherland will have to be obtained
from -abroad: This should" be a matter of congratula
tion rather than of regret; for our "German friends may
pow;find of necessity what- good things there are in the
United States. It is a lesson. which should have been
learned bv. choice. •• .:
Sifcial CnrTPsponoeric*.
HEAlXjrAHTKItS OF THK CAUaI
f> HKMUKTTA ST.. OOVEXT GARDEN". ',
IXJNDOX. JtrXE 2O. !
It seems doubtful if the really
rather high ideal ' which the
founders of the new Lyceum
Wftv London I.adity' Clubf
thought he might secure the papers in
which Bismarck had told the real
story of the birth of the German em
pire — that strange story of craft and
heroism, littleness and grandeur. It
was on this mission that I sailed for
Hamburg. I had two letters for Bis
marck. One was from a negligible
Embnssador. The other had been
given me by a German statesman of
some note, with whom. In other days.
I had been a, student in the University
of Jena. My friend had been a fa
miliar of Bismarck's household and
bespoke me a kindly hearing. I sent
the letters on from Hamburg arid fol
lowed the next day. .¦-:;*-
On the table at his elbow, as he
sat by the window, I noticed my let
ters.- The valet who had placed a
chair for me took his stand by the
door. I said what I had to say. It
was (permit me to affirm it!) an ad
mirable speech. For ten days and
nights I had rehearsed it as, I paced
the deck of the stormy liner; so — -In
tolerable German — I declaimed It. Tt
was dignified; It waa diplomatic.
When I had finished Bismarck took
the pipe from his lips, said "Neln"—
and put the pipe back again.
'Twas the shortest answer I ever
had in my life. I waited for a mo
ment. The old man smoked and stared
out into the park. I got up and bowed;
I had rehearsed that bov and did not
intend to waste it; I bowed to hl3 old
hairless head — the flabby yellow Jowls
and big mustache — to the old gray
jacket and the pipe. It was like
salaaming to a stone wall. Then the
valet led me out. In the park I re
gained my senses. — Success.
.The lady did not quite understand,
but after further explanation said: "I
know now. They cannot put my dog in
the pound when he has this tag."
Then she turned around and found
that the dog had left the office through
Among the applicants for dog
licenses at the City Hall recently was
a young Swedish damsel, who was ac
companied by a fine specimen of the
St. Bernard breed of canines. Chief
Deputy Tax Collector Simpson took the
applicant in charge and- soon ascer
tained that she was rather ignorant of
the purpose of." her mission.
"Ay. bane told I must get a license
for my dawg," said *the lady, "but I
know not what that manes."
"Well, madam," replied the genial
Simpson, "you see, you must secure a
license to be placed on the collar of
your dog po the poundmen will ¦ not
seize him and incarcerate him in the
pound."" 1. •
License Came Too Late.
There' are thousands of pcVsoris in the. United'States
whose stocks; declined anywhere from 25 to 73 per cent
during that long, slow shrinkage, and large indeed must
be the bank account that can stand such a drain and
leave its possessor solvent Many fortunes were, swept
away altogether, and everybody, professional or out
sider, who had money invested in Wall street, lost. Un
der such circumstances some time must necessarily
elapse ere sufficient recuperation is gained for further
investment, and even then the purchase of securities will
be slow and cautious. This is probably the reason why
Wall street stocks, while .showing a buoyant undertone,
do not-advance, though everybody says they ought to,
and is surprised that they do not.
Similar conditions prevail in Europe. A New York
banker, lately returned from abroad, says:
"Money is very plentiful in Europe, and ratios are ac
cordingly low. The situation there is very much the
same as here. There is a very noticeable" tendency
among foreign investors to choose short-term securities
in preference to the standard long-term investments.
Among the leading English bankers there is more op
timism on American securities than there is- among our
own bankers. I do not think, though, that "they are' look
ing for an immediate rise in market. values."
The crop prospects, upon which, as already stated, the
condition of trade so largely depends this year, are not
as brilliant as they were a week or ten days ago, but they
are still excellent, apd plenty of wheat, corn and cotton
is assured. In Europe the wheat crop has suffered some
deterioration, owing to bad weather, but the world's sup
ply of this grain will probably be ample for all require
ment*. I
The provision market is in rather better condition
ngz'n, as the —ccent liquidation has about ceased. Stocks
are still 'iberal at the leading packing centers, but there
is no congestion. There is nothing new worthy of note
in the r*\\til- industries, except that nothing more is
heard of growing depression in these lines, and there is
no mere closing down of mills and factories, though
some here and there are occasionally working shorter
hours. The. rai'road? are making no more staff reduc
tions, as*far as reported, ?nd those made some weeks ago
turn out to have been considc.rabjy exaggerated. Aside
f r om the redaction in the wage scale of the iron workers
at the beginning of the year, and which was then sup
posed to be the beginning of a general scaling down of
wages all over the country, there have been few wage
reductions affecting large bodies of men, and labor seems
to be well employed throughout the country.
The condition of trade-in San Francisco is pretty well
illustrated by the local ¦ bank, /clearing's, which in June
v.ere $125,050,587. against $11 7494.342 in June, 1903. For
the first six months of the year they were $727,42 r, 345,
against §737,654.053 for.'the/same time, in .1903, The back
figures show that while we are still behind 1903 in these
local clearings, we regained some lost ground in June, for
on June 1 we were about $18,000,000 behind 1903, where
&E t \ve arc. row only about $10.900,000' behind. This ap
parently indicates some gain in local trade in June, for
the clearings in May were $119,208,296, or about .$6,000,
000 below those for the month /of June. 0 ,
This exhibit is confirmatory of the preceding state
ment that during the past several weeks business has
taken a turn for the better. As the improvement comes
during one cf the two dull periods of the year, it is doubly
reassuring, and presages a very good fall trade. Prices,
too, are. keeping up in spite of the depressing tendency
of all the. recent talk about "recession," "dull times," etc.,
and nobody seems to be worrying about the future!
As far as current indications go, therefore,- the outlook
for continued good times in the United States is excellent
and much better than during the first half of. the year..
In. financial circles at New York the feeling of'coitfi
dence in the future, so often mentioned of late, is as pro
nounced as ever. It is felt more by professionals than
the public, however, for the latter arc still indisposed to
purchase even standard dividcnd-payjmg stock's except
in a small and tentative way. Perhaps.- they -harve not
recovered ' from the enormous. losses of 1903 and the
early part of 1904 attendant upon the great liquidation in
railroad and industrial share?, for. as time pis»es and the
facts, slowly. leak out it is seen "with incrc.ising.clearness
that the public Josses from the famous' shrinkage were
enormous. • . . : ;
The failures for the week were 244, against 215 for the
same week in 190,3. The railway earnings, which during
the first half of the year ran steadily behind those for
the preceding year, have lately taken a turn foi the bet
ter, as already mentioned, and during the month of June
exhibited an increase of about 3 per cent, which is a
marked improvement over the 3 to "6 per cent loss of
the spring months. The failures, it will be seen, are more
numerous than during the corresponding period in 1003,
but the liabilities have steadily decreased, showing that
the failures as a rule are small. • k '• ¦
WHILE business is still quiet, the quietude is
due more to the usual midsummer lull than to
any intrinsic sluggishness, for the more favora
ble, conditions observed during ihe past fortnight still
continue. Indeed, the current signs are the best ' for,
some months, and the- impression that we areto have
improved conditions'during the last. half of the year, is
steadily increasing. It is.truc that the country's bank
clearings last week showed 1 a- loss of 20.8 per ce.nt'.-as
compared with the. corresponding week in 1904, with all
but two of the important cities — St. Louis and Cincinnati
— on the wrong 'side of the exhibit," but the week was
broken into by. 'the. .holidays, and the. figures for a holi
day week are apt to be misleading, at least on the sur-
?«2se i *t* v tfAypsfc jgHURaa
Women painters who belong to the
Lyceum Club will be supplied with de
tailed information as to the standing
of different exhibitions throughout the
artistic world, the times during which
they are open -and- the chances- for
sales at .each. The club -will* handle
members' pictures in almost' the same
way as it will handle their manu
scripts; for instance, a painting by an
American member could be sent to the
«lub, which would keep it going from
exhibition to 'exhibition both in this
country and on the Continent until
sold. Similar arrangements wiik be
made for disposing of the work of
black and white artists. And, so far
as the feminine composers who be
come 'members of the club ure con
cerned, their work will be offered to
musical publishers, and concerts will
be arranged to introduce it. To all
these services members of . the Lyce
um Club will become entitled after
the payment of their subscription,
which, at the startout, Is $10 for Eng
lish and $5 for American and other
foreign members. The only charges
which the .club' will make to members
served through this Information, bu
reau will be for out of pocket ex
penses.
Of the Lyfeum — as a club— little
hag been said in this article, as I fan
cy, that the most interesting points
about it have been covered in the tel
egraphic dispatches. American women
workers who go abroad may bo inter
ested to hear, however, that the Ly
ceum contains fifty bedrooms, which
will be at the disposal of its foreign
members when in London at prices
which cannot be touched in the me
tropolis in point of reasonableness.
The catering at the Lyceum 'will be
another of its features. Foreign mem
bers who wish it will also be given
letters of introduction to assist them
to put in their time to the best ad
vantage, and they. - will. bJ welcomed
to the receptions which are to be
held frequently, with the *ldea of mak
ing the clubhouse, as its founder says,
"a common meeting ground for intel
lectual women workersv the' "world
over." , Among', the American, women
of prominence who "'.win make use of
the club this summer are Mrs. May
Wright Sewall, who . returned from
Berlin the other day with Miss Smed
ley, Miss Laura Gill, dean of Bar
nard College, and Miss Woolley, pres
ident of Mount Holyoke College.
The Lyceum Club has the advan
tage of being started in a businesslike
way. Capital to a practically unlim
ited extent is behind the enterprise
and the rent of the club premises at
128 Piccadilly, as wel las the working
expenses of the .organization, have
been guaranteed for sev;en years.
There is not space to enumerate the
details of all the functions that this
unique bureau of information will un
dertake, but they may be indicated
rapidly. With the assistance of the of
ficials of the British Museum and the
London Office of Records, a complete
list • !s be'.ng made of archivists and
professional researchers all over the
world, ar.d It is the intention to get in
touch with each of them in order that
researches mar be undertaken on be
half of the scientific and university
members of the Lyceum Club, so that
in the fullness of time, as Miss Smed
ley expressed it to me the other day,
"it will be nearly as easy to make
references by proxy in the libraries of
Salamanca, Seville . or St. Petersburg
as in one's own study."
Probably the thing that American
women will ask about the Lyceum
Club, however, is in what way it is to
be of service to its members the world
over, who may never get to London to
be "put up" at the clubhouse in Picca
dilly. The best way to answer the ques
tion is to describe the "information bu
reau." which is the most Interesting
thing about the new club and tha,t
which makes it entirely different from
any similar institution the world over.
So far as the literary members of the
Lyceum Club are concerned, this bu
reau v.FIIdo the work of a gigantic
agency in placing their work. To be
gin with, a complete register will be
kept oi the names and. addresses of
editors and publishers throughout the'
world, together with particulars of the
class of work each accepts and as to
rates and times of payment. The stand
ing of literary agents everywhere will
be ascertained and recorded, too. But
it is as a'"ciearlner house" for the work
of writers that this bureau wllUbe of
the greatest service. With its aid, the
feminine writer of almost anv sort of
a story, -article, or what not. can have
it published — provided . it has .salable
qualities — practically ' the world over.
Supposing, for instance, an American
member of the club writes a story and
sends a copy of her manuscript to the
London headquarters. Once its quality
is fiStablished. it will only be a question
of in how many markets it can be sold.
One of the chief members of the staff
in each Continental depot of the Ly
ceum Club wiU be a translator, who
also knows thoroughly the literary field
in her country, and to these folk copies
of American and English stories, arti
cles, etc., will be sent for translation
and sale. In this way it is believed
that the production of, say, an Amer
ican writer, can be disposed of, not on
ly in her own country and in Great
Britain, but in a good many European
States, not to mention the English col
onies, where depots of the Lyceum Club
also are in process of establishment.
Payment for such stories or articles
will be collected by the representatives
of the Lyceum Club and sent to the
London headquarters to be forwarded
to the author.
in the perrons • of • the Countess of
Malmesbury and Lady Esher.
So far bureaus of the Lyceum Club
have been ooened in Paris, "Berlin and
Prague. The American membership is
not yet sufficiently large to justify the
opening of a depof in New York, but
such an event seems not far off. At
present the interests of the Lyceum
are being looks! after directly by Mrs.
Florence Allen Degan of New York.
Some time ago the idea of the club was
submitted by Miss Smedley to promi
iient American women, and among
those who have consented to a,ct on
the American provisional committee
are Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett,
Mrs. Mary E. Wilkins Freeman, Miss
Jeanette L. Gilder, Mrs. Burton Har
rison and Mrs. Denlson. president of the
General Federation of Women's Clubs.
Now let the novelists and the playwrights who put
realism oh the ¦ stage go off and indict themselves of
feeblemindedness. This vengeful beast in Texas has out
done all the 'figments 'of 'their, fancy, and made the wild
Comanche and Apache to resemble little Sunday-school
imagination of Shakespeare to seem feeble and impaired.
The Texan . tied his wife's hands, put a gag in her
mouth and then suspended her by the heels, head down,
and put in the night burning into her flesh with a red
hot file the name of the other Texan gent who was
supposed to be the co-respondent.
The. letters were not lower case, cither. They resem
bled^ the ; flaming block letter; in which Mr. Hearst an
nounces that he has given turkeys ¦ to the . poor on
Thanksgiving day. The husband did not hurry the job
of printing at all.' but took all night for it,, and when it
was finished and punctuated .to .'suit himhe took the gag
but. of the* tortured lady's mouth and then departed. She
was able to make an outcry that attracted relief and was
right-ended .and turned over to the doctor, while the
Sheriff went after her husband with a sawed-off shot-
FAVORABLE CONDITIONS CONTINUE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,' TUESDAY, JULY; 5, 1901.
-THE
JOHN D. • SPRECKELS, Proprietor \.\ . '¦¦ . •'.. . . -; *¦? '. V Address All Commonications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office J ......; .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY ;.¦„.:'.'...;.'.....:•:..-....;.:.'? .-. .;. : -. V..'; '.-. ...:............ ....77! JULY 5, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESWhile the pessimist sees only the
thorns on the rose the optimist sees
only ; the" rose on the thorns.
SAN JOSE. July 4.— The county
Prohibitionists at a mats convention
held to-day. selected delegates to their
county, convention, and also, to the
State convention, to be voted on at the
primaries next month. A county cen
tral committee was also selected.
Prohibitionists Choose Delegates.
SANTA BARBARA, July 4. — One
hundred and fifty member* of the Pa
cific Coast Association of Traffic
Agents, many of them accompanied by
their wives, enjoyed their annual out
ing in this city to-day. The visitors
came principally from Los Angeles
and San Francisco. ,
Traffic Agents Hold an Outing.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 4.— An un
known max* was killed on North Main
street to-night by : a giant cracker,
which he held in his hand at the time
it exploded. Eight persons in various
parts of the city were badly injured.
Giant Cracker Kills 3Ian.
Touching, examples of that American
patriotism born in '76 were shown In
the • morning's parade. Veterans of
three wars were in the line of march,
some of v them, too feeble even to totter
to the music of the drum to which they
once stepDed so lightly, rode in car
riages. .These were -the grizzled men
of the Mexican and Civil wars.
Before them on well-groomed steeds
rode the colored troopers of the Ninth
Cavalry, seasoned fighters who saw
service in Cuba and the Philippines;
and after the ¦ veterans of the older
wars marched later • day heroes, the
First Regiment of the National Guard:
Then, .with a rumble of • wheels ,; and
TRA>fP OF MARTIAL' FEET.
We believe thrt nation will ever be. what
she ik now, the first nation of the world; first,
not because of her multitudinous sources of
wealth and power, her- broad stretches of
territory teeming with produce, her great,
sweeping, commerce-laden rivers, ¦ her \ com
manding frontage upon the two great oceans
of the globe, or her rich, active metropolises;
not because of her dominating influence over
a great continent; nor her secure isolation; nor
ytt because of her victorious fleets fresh from
achievements that startled the world; nor her
mobile, patriotic army springing; spontaneously
at the note of danger from the farm, the work
shop, the foundry, the store, the professions
from ivery vocation ot the people, and return
ing with the i coming of . peace to ttve plain
duties of citizenship: first, not because. of all
thvse, but ftret among the powers of the earth
for her devotion to those principles which
marked and consecrated her birth, which pro
claimed her not only. a new nation but the
mother of a new civilization, and which pledged
her forever to the cause of human kind.
¦We shall not fcrgtt; nor shall we lose faith.
¦Whatever be the dangers that *sem to
threaten, though the cry of too zealous par
tisanship or the wall of bilious pessimism may
fill the air, though wealth point with alarm to
the agsrc*s!cns of tabor, and labor shout with
anger at the growth of capital, though -charge
and counter-charge be made and th« whole
fabric of government seem to the nervous eye
to be toppling to destruction, the great, true
people of this land will ever b«lleve in her
power to breast every peril and to solve every
difficulty. We believe in America. We billeve
she will remain faithful to the declarations
she m-tde on the 4th day of July, 1776. • We
believe that sbe will continue to be a place
where the Individual, no matter what may be
hlii station In life, his education, his creed,
his race, his abilities, may work out his llf»-
In Uie way he may choos*. restricted only by.
such*- laws as will prevent his encroachment
upon the rights of his fellow*.
BELIEVES IN AMERICA.
led Banner." Conversation ceased and
the crowd maintained the silence of
deepest respect as those strains thnt
fire the blood of native and foreign
born alike rang clearly through the
hall. As the last triumphant notes
swelled and died away the building
shook with cheers. ,, The crowd would
not be quiet till Miss Rooney sang
"Columbia" for them.
Then. Father , Caraher. 1 introduced
Judge Frank Murasky, orator of the
day, and the audience listened gladly
to a SDeech that might well be num
bered among the masterpieces of Amer
ican eloquence. Following are some
extracts:
May the time never coined when v» shall
make a commonplace and soulless observance
of this day; when the momentoifg declaration
which marked an epoch, not for the people of
this land alone, but for all the human race,
shall be forgotten; when the boldness, the no
bility of spirit, the inspired purpose*, the un
conquerable manhood of the signers of that
great charter of freedom, and the patriotism,
the sacrifice, the I heroism, the unfaltering;
courage of the first soldiers of liberty to battle
upon this continent shall be but sounding and
futile phrases, touching in no revlbrant chord,
arousing no enthusiasm, awakening no soul
moving impulses. May the day never come when
the sight of the star-spangled banner and the
sounds of the soul-stirring militant music that
cheered onr h*ro*« upon so many gory battle
fields shall have lost their power to move th«
sensitive springs of our emotions. When the
eun shall rise upon a. Fourth of July without
its parades, its fireworks, its waving "flags, lta
beating drums and martial music, Jts patriotic
gatherings. Its universal JubtlatlonNt will set
upon the death scene of that Americanism
which had Its birth upon the lanes of Lexing
ton and the slopes of Bunker Hill.
North Beach was regaled with fire
works galore last night, the display
taking place in Washington Square.
There were cascades of flowing fire,
Skyrockets and variegated bulbs flying
from east to west and north to south.
One set piece represented President
Thousands View Fireworks in Dif
ferent Parts of the City. ¦
DISPLAYS ATTRACT MANY.
VIEW- OF TfiE PARADE AND TWO
PARTICIPANTS IX THE LITER
ARY EXERCISES. .
The crowd of spectators along the
streets was thinner than usual, owing
to the fact that many people had taken
advantage of the double holiday to
enjoy an outing. But- the sightseers
in town saw a fine parade. From the
moment Colonel J. C. O'Connor gave
the order "Forward" the march w,as
like clock work. Fourteen bands
swelled the music of songs that will
never die: "Marching Through Geor
gia," "Rally 'Round the Flag," "Dixie,"
"Hail Columbia" and "Yankee Doodle."
Along the route small boys and big
The Independent Rifles in their gaudy
old-fashioned uniforms made a brave
show. Most picturesque among the
paraders were the members of the Ital
ian Reali Carabineers Company. In
quaint uniforms they swung along with
Latin vigor and precision.
SEE FRIENDS IN RANKS.
jingling of accoutrements, came the
Twenty-fourth and Ninth batteries of
light artillery with champing horses
and cannoneers sitting proudly erect.
With the rollicking swing of seamen
?v,, >^p — ,. TT Ccl ri r »o* clattered behind
them, dragging their wicked looking
la^.u Lie . ._«.~.i easiiy <td mougn
they were toys. -•;-¦:'•>, ;;;
; Brigadier General R. H. Warfield and
his staff in full dress uniform rode in
carriages". In the same division Mayor
Schmitz and most of the supervisors
were seen.
There was the usual vociferous rec
ognition of marchers by their friends
in the crowd. Loud cries of "Hello,
Bill," and "Pipe the sash on Mickey"
mingled with mock advice, such as
"Cheese it for tha^t skate, Tim; he
bucks," enlivened the march.
The parade was reviewed by Mayor
Schmitz on Van Ness avenue near Post
street. Then professional and amateur
warriors faded awav to barracks, ar
mories and admiring friends.
ones kept up a din of firecrackers.
Roosevelt and won hearty cheers.
Other set pieces included the "United
States coat of arms and an immense
puzzle wheel.
The residents from the Mission and
many persons from adjoining districts
witnessed a brief but attractive display
at Eighteenth and Dolores streets.
While the effects of some of the bomb*
were spoiled by the fog, the set plece3
and other works not calculated to be
seen at a great distance showed, splen
didly.
At the Chutes, as usual on the
Fourth, a good display was made,
bombs, rockets, fountains and patri
otic set pieces pleasing the throng.
The memory of the Fourth of July
in '76 was very much alive yesterday
in San Francisco. Though thousands
of people had left town there was all
day long a firecracker pandemonium
big enough for three times the popula
tion, and at night "the rockets' red
glare, the bombs bursting in air" pene
trated a thick mist and multitudes
gazed on the pyrotechnic display.
Flags fluttered everywhere. \ It
seemed there were no colors in all the
world but the red, white and blue of
Old Glory.
And the bands! Their brazen notes
reached the remotest alleys cf the city.
Everybody heard at least a few bars
of "America" or "The Star-Spangled*
Banner" and was thrilled ' with the (
nation's annual burst of patriotism.
"May the time never come," said
Judge Frank Murasky in his oration
at the Alhambra Theater, "when we
shall make a commonplace and soul
less observation of this day; when the
momentous declaratic-n which marked
an eDoch not for the people of this
land alone, but for all the human race,
shall be jforgotten."
There was no need in San Francisco
for the Judge's prayer. The birthday
of the nation was as fittingly observed
here yesterday as it ever has been in
any city in the land.
. The Alhambra Theater was crowded
to the doors for the literary exercises
at 2:20 p. m., and the audience was
ready to cheer at every allusion to the
Stars and Stripes or to the Revolution
ary heroes.
In an impressive "manner Rev. W. M.
Bours opened the exercises with a sol
emn invocation, calling down a blessing
upon the nation, the State and the city.
The Rev. Father Caraher, president of
the meeting, told the purpose of the
gathering In words that started ap
plause and spoke warnlngly against
"entangling foreign alliances." "The
American eagle," concluded the father,
"fears no nation on earth."
"My Own United States," sung by
Charles E. Hay, was well received, and
Mrs. Grace D. Ohnimus' artistic recita
tion of Drake's "Address to the Flag"
caused a demand for more. As an en
core she recited "Victor Galbraith."
NATIONAL AIR REVERBERATES.
Miss Annie I. Rooney made the raft
ers echo the notes of her clear soprano
vcice when she sang "The Star-Spang-
The police are inclined to accept the
plausible theory of accident, as Kidd
Fays he has no enemies. Some cele
brant of the national birthday may
have become reckless with the use of
a revolver and sent leaden missiles
Fpeedir.gr on the line of a thoroughfare.
An investigation, however, will_ be
made. Detectives Dlnan, Bunner and
Freel have been detailed ! by Captain
Martin for that purpose. The' fact that
the bullet had not been deflected from
the sidewalk or any other object in Its
passage is presumptive proof that the
revolver was pointed point blank at
Kidd when the shot was fired. The
range could not have been very great,
as is shown by the force with which
the bullet struck its victim, and the
circumstance of a man, unless intoxi
cated, using a bullet-loaded 44-caliber
pistol for celebration purposes is not
usual. For these reasons a thorough
inquiry will be held.
Kidd says he had just crossed Vallejo
street on Stockton when a pedestrian
remarked that there was blood on his
clothing. At the same time he became
conscious of a stinging sensation in the
left side of his body. While he stopped
to investigate the sidewalk beneath
him became red with gore. With a
friend, Ed Buckley, Kidd continued to
walk on and turned ur> Green street,
leaving a trail of blood In his wake.
After a short distance on the last
named street had been covered Kidd
found he could go no farther, and
dropped in a doorway.
Some pedestrian blew a police whistle
and Patrolmen Brodt and McManus re
sponded to the call. Kidd was sent to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Stephen found that the bullet had
passed through the body, puncturing
the lung, but missing the heart, and
lodged in the clothing on the back of
his body. Stephen says the injured man
has a possible chance of recovery,' but
it is feared that complications may de
velop to prevent this.
Arthur Oliver, a colored man, known
to the pugilistic world as "Kid" Oliver,
a member of the Bay City Athletic
Club, was fatally stabbed last night by
Frank O'Connor, a soldier In Company
H, Thirteenth Infantry, stationed at
the Presidio. Oliver was standing with
several other negroes at the corner of
Pacific and Stockton streets when two
infantrymen, Frank O'Connor and
James O'Xeil. passed by. Oliver is
said to have called the soldiers "cari
bou." At this they took offense. O'Con
nor advanced on Oliver and an alterca
tion followed. During the argument
O'Connor drew a clasp knife and made
two passes at the colored man. The
second blow plunged the knife into
Oliver's abdomen.
The negro was removed to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where his
wound was pronounced fatal. O'Nell,
who had nothing to do with the affair,
has disappeared. O'Connor was taken
to the hospital by Detective O'Dea and
¦was identified by Oliver as the man
that stabbed him.
Powers Kidd, a pressman, 50 years of
age and living at 1S17 Stockton street,
was struck yestejday by a bullet fired
from a revolver in the hands of an un
known person. The chances for his
recovery are doubtful. The mysterious
shooting took place on Stockton street,
between Vallejo and Green, about 5
o'clock in the evening, the bullet of 44
caliber entering Kidd's left breast
and passing entirely through his body.
The injured man declares he did not
know he had been shot until a passer
by called his attention to blood on his
vest. A few moments later he sank in
a weakened condition to the sidewalk.
Powers Kidd, a Pressman,
deceives Probably Fatal
Wound in Left Breast
STRAY BULLET
FINDS A VICTIM
THE SAk FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY 5, 1904.
w a r r- \ki nil I i ii •Ki' • iv j| •
Veterans of Four Wars March to the Stirring Music
of Airs That Will Never Die-— Judge Murasky
Delivers an Eloquent and Patriotic Oration
NATIONS NATAL DAY APPROPRIATELY
HONORED BY CITIZENS AND SOLDIERS
9
. . . ADVEBTISEJaLNTS. Y/it-'C
818-820 Market bt San Francisco
OUR DOUBLE DAY IS FREE U. S. POSTAGE STAMPS
TO-MORROW On Rl1 Purchases In our Stationery
¦ w ¦vi>i>vi« Department to amount of 20c or
2== WEDNESDAY^ £1^. D0UBM ?? T^^ 8 -
JCAHST VAOXAOr of Xeedles. THE rXOBOSOBA FO3 ASO
Hair Pins. Shawl Pins and Pins. SXX&T LIPTE3 — A pleasure for
Hooka and Eyes. A regular Trav- the home and street. Special ilOc.
eler's Companion. Regular price Ladies* Lace Collarettes or Yoke
25c. Special 7c Collars, the latest fad. Special.
''" " y '.'' : - '¦ ¦ ' - : -•%..;¦ «-• aa C ,*.,¦••
T.ADIIS' SEAMLESS TAST *
BSOWa AH» TAH BTOCXUras Domes- Pretty round Dollies. Spe-
— Regular price 25c. Special 15c clal < lOc
VXOTO* WXM B-STWIS-SSe. *** FlCC * 9 -
PLAIM WH1TX APRONS — Made of Washington Stocks. Beautiful line
white lawn. • Regular value 35c. of Ladles' Neckwear at just half
Special, while they last, 20c price. Regular 50c. Special 25c
STAR SAFETY RAZORS, $1.25 EACH
COPYRIGHT 7XCTZO2T .... 1 8c OVB AL WATS TEXXJ5 MOBS t.t— t;
Any of the following Copyright Fie- enn—va wttt-^ ~ — — n— •
tion. published at $1.50. on sale ~° tSSUJf -J~ J^ ST^
this week, paper covers 18c » POLISHED H1CE1T— Best
The Virginian, by Owen Wister. quality Stove Mitt, with good
The Conqueror by Atherton. strong Dauber. Reg. 15c Special.
The Heart of Rome, by Crawford. _
; The Choir Invisible, by Allen* uc -
Calumet K. by Merwln Webster. STOVS BLACXHTO. EITHEB
Barbara I^add. by Roberts. -__. _
The One Woman, by Dbcon. B1_*.C— JET. i M
Hope Lorinp. by Lillian Bell. BISIBTO STJW OB [ /¦ I*
Captain Ravenshaw. by Stephens. B~AM£I > I~~ - ' ¦ "
An Enemy to the King. Stephens. *«-.«x.j**«x..
S^3_4SSSf«aSK ¦¦S_-_'_«2J TSS,o a n"S
By mail, extra.. Oc dainty hands doing all kinds of
ABUXSBSB housework. Regular 83c. Spe-
TXBXTD clal 60c
OO CART,
witfefameied TRUNKS AT FACTORY PRICES.
steel gears, like ..
cut: light i^SSSsiiS^iiiS?^ ~ An °PP ort ' u ni t >*
welcht. strong, R^^3l_3__?5_| nnt to be
folding'. A rest- ij^K^'V g •i\ji. over looked
sents only one fv | SL^Wz'^b expecting to
of V other S f old- elin * ln the
ing Go Carts near future. -Several numbers to
at ridiculously low prices. be closed out without regard to
Look them over and see what we cost to make room . for two car-
can do for you. * loads expected within a week.
"^SiE 0 * All' rood trnak" -ad *ood lookta*.
'*^§gg^&S£ We haven't Wft ««* ** ve * oom -
mom to pive $ 5.00 Trunks IP 15. S.I
SSS&y***^ description, but R.00 Trunks ....: #4.7^
have made a S.00 Trunks .<ri.5)."»
cut on the line. 10.00 Trunks SRT.io
55c for a cheap one. and graduat- 12.50 Trunks ....£10.00
ing to $3.35 for a fine one. it will 15.00 Trunks .-Kll.To
do you good to - 20.00 Trunks .< 1 .'..'O
- LOOK AT THEM. 25.00 Trunks $1S>^5
KNiVcS, RAZORS AND SHEAR^GROUND AND REPAIRED.
PICTURE hRAMES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
nnnjiiinnnn
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILL COMPANY
. In Clyde> Fitch 1 s Patriotic Drama,
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE— MB. NEILL M
MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK
Special Summer Prices -15c. 25c. 50c
Best Reserved Seat In Orchestra. 3{> e«nt».""
A Vaudeville Revelation !
Xeirb. Brother*; OUIUum sad l&vma%
Green and Werner; ZBcx da Wolt;
Valerie Benrsre aad Comuaay; O-lli-
irhor and Barrett; John T. Clark; Tha
Zarxow Trio, and A Trip Taronjrh
Italy. Blown la Orpheum Motion Pic-
ture*.
' Regular matinee Every Wednesday, Tfcur*^
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. :3o
and 30c _^
ALCAZAR l™p
_____ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
WHITE 1*"DTHE AKUZAa COM?AMy|
WHITTLESEY... :
Present Idj John DreWa' Success.
OINE | H. V. ESMOND'S COSEDY 1
SUMMERS
DAY | Aattor ef When We Wtrt Tw«aty-One|
Evic., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thar*, it. Sat.. 23c to ifv-.
July II— WHITE WHITTLESEY ln last •«••
son'* Great Success.
SEAST82USB.
CENTRAL*!?
I Market *tre«t. near Eighth. Pfcone South 533.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
AH Week — Resalar jMats.. Sat. and Sun.
Theodore K re me r"» Latest and Greatest Sue-
[WEDDED AND PARTED
Stlra th«yEnxrtlons! -Thrtlla th« Soatt
Fascinates trie Mfnd! Enchafns th« Interest^
Replete "With Reaitom of Gotham Life.
DDirCC Evenings.. .10c to Ms
rKIlLO Matteeea 1<V. 13c. 23a
Vest— AL0N0 TBS K0ZAWX.
OPENXVO Or THE NEW SEASON.
Next Monday, July 11
Matinee Saturday Only.
Charles Frohman Will Present
ETHEL BARRYMORE
(Fifth Season.)
In Her Greatest Comedy Success,
COUSIN KATE
Seat Booking Commences Thursday
TIX/OI I own* I
I I VUL.I HOUSE.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
U H D I nl ub Ma - in
Rl I ! 11 I ill Kat* Condon
IIUUIII l>ora De miippe
" m^ . . Besvle Tannehlll
_¦ m _|_. -— «. Ilaron BerthaJd
B I II MB Kl Wlllard Slmms
U I Arthur Cunningham
Bi 1 I I 1 « 1 J° hn Dunsmur-
I LI 1-9 U Teddy Webb
¦ ¦ WllUam Schuster
Prom«a»d$ Cirsla, 34 Flaw. Bnuksra' P*r»di»
ELE\'ATOR ALWAYS RUNNING.
Usual Tlvoll Prlces^ — 25c. 60c. 73c
'Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
_^3£_g_§_i£i_?
LAST DATS OF
THE X0BK0H8."
EXTRA— SPECIAL MATINEE JCLT 4.
Commencing SATURDAY NIGHT. July 8b
A LUCKY STONE.
By CoUln Davis and Frank M. WltraarV.
. With tht« extraordinary cast:
DOROTHT MORTON.
NORA BATEP.
OARRITY 8ISTXR3,
RICE * CADY.
BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK.
BEN DILLON.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. Same. Popular Slices.
m mii| _ i| • -- ,
THETOBINS
' Aad • SPlandi* Skew Urarr AfWxsooa
aad ETaalnr la th* Tttaatax.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE \
acnriATUBi bxectxxc Ttirr.no jt>.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT. ?
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHES-
TRION.
AKATETJB «IOXT. TXVM9&T.
DON'T, .FAIL TO SEE "AROO."
Admission, 1 (5c: Chfldren. 5c; \' J ~
Wiea Phonlair. Aik for "The Ohntei." \
There's a reason.
of the Young Woman's Temper-
ance Association of Buffalo, N.Y.,
strongly advises all suffering
women to rely, as she (fid, up-
on Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. iv 1 '^i
"Dear Mrs. Pikkhau : — Your med-
icine is indeed an ideal woman's medi-
cine, and. by far the best I know to
restore lost, health and strength- I
suffered misery for several years, being
troubled with menorrhagia. My back
ached, I had bearing-do'vm pains and
frequent headaches, . I would often
wake from restful sleep, and in such
pain that I suffered for hours before I
could go to sleep again. I dreaded the
long nights as much as the weary days.
I consulted two different physicians,
hoping to get relief, but, finding that
their medicine did not seem to cure me.'
I tried your" Yegetable Compound
on the recommendation ' of a • friend
from the East who was visiting me.
.: "lam glad that I followed her ad-
vice, for every ache and pain* is gone,
and not only this, but my general
health is much improved. I have a
tine appetite and have gained in flesh.
My. earnest advice to ' suffering women
is to put aside all other medicines and
to take Liydia E. Pinktaam's Vege-
table ; Compound." ~ Miss Neixix
Holmes, 540 Ko. Division' St.» Buffalo,
N. Y. — SSCOO forfeit If original of abov$ Ittttr pro-
.Wflff gtnutacntss cannot to product*.- ¦ «, .; \.
need food that will keep brain
and nerves well nourished, else
the . brain grows dull and tires
quickly. ,
Suppose you spend a few min-
utes studying the subject and a
few days on an easy, pleasant
trial of GRAPE-NUTS food
that will furnish a dean cut
argument to drive the «f acts
home.
! A strong, sturdy, money mik-
ingse^t of brains can be built on
Grape-Nuts and trial proves it.
THINKING
r vwi\o
GBAPE-NUT3.
©-^^ v — >.'-4_ -" : •-- ii Prir\tn\<*
K — • ' if ¦¦ "''i* **I»*Iil>3>
D evelopin^
AT CUT PRICES.
I'm the original cut-price man.
Nevertheless. I give the b^st service
and the hiphest value. Try me -with
an order — and you'll continue. Here
are some prices:
DEVELOPING.
HoJI of six. 10c; roll cf twelve, 15c.
PRINTING.
Eolio Cni*h. 3c to tic; veloi finleh. Ze to
€c. I have a full line of popular siz«>» in
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS
at the lowest price*. Mail orders promptlv
filled. "
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET, above Powell.
Fan Fraacirco.
STATEyVVEINT
of the;
OOXOITIOX AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NETV TORK. IN THE STATE OF
New Tork. on the 31st day of December."
A. D. Ift«i3. and for the year ending on that
csy, se made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the Slate cf California, purruant to th*
ptwvfstaM of sections «1O and 611 of th» Po-
etical Code. ccrderi*ed as per blank furnished
by the Ccmroi&clonrr :
CAPITAL,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash MOO.000 00
ASSETS.
Cesk Market Value of all Stocks
and Eords owned by Company. .$1,026,675 00
< afh in Hanks " Ul.SM 94
lr.tM-ett <Jue and a>cru«-d on ail
Stocks and Loan* 4,754 54
lYfmiums in due Course of Col-
iection 62.81 1 46
Tctal assets *l.lt»«.O99 im
LIABILITIES. '
ly.-ss*» in r-r<xy>is of Adjustment
or in Suspense f70.509 00
L js«e* re*i«e<!. lncl-jdins experts 3,710 00
Kirt-rr premium* en Fire Rirks
rjr.r.ir.g one year or less. $651.-
111 <V>: relnsurarr-e W» per cent.. 325.555 SO
Gro»* premiums on Fire Risks
runnir.jr more than one y<»ar.
f214.T>2 40: reinsurance pro ruta 115 0*8 8S
Cifh dividend to Stockholders re-
mtlnlng unpaid 17,456 47
Total liabilitie. f5S5.278 25
INCOME.
Bht c*»h actually received for Fire '
pre rr.iujn* $845,362 90
Received for !ntor«»»t and dividend*
on Bend?, Stock*. Loans, and
from a!l oth»r sources 38.234 42
Total income 5SS3.S17 32
EXPENDITURES. ~
Ket amount paid for Fire Lowes
<inclu£lng MMs lueses of pre-
viouii years) «4S1.SO8 43
Peid or allowed for O'mmlEeion
or Brokerage 237,749 37
Paid for Fs'.arirs. Fee* End oiher
chanre* for oTAcr*. oierks. etc.. 2 520 00
Paid for Stat*. National and Local
Taxes 2S.C65 Cl
All other payments and expendi-
tures 4.000 49
Total expenditures $7T.5.343 C5
FlnT
I>«s*s incurred <Surinit the year $456,312 49
P.itks and Premiums. Fire Rifks.' Premiums.
N»>t amount ut Risk*
writttn during the
V«ar $85,8S4.639$1.143.&» 44
Net ame-un* cf R.i*k* :
expire*! during the I
r*ar I 1O6.1S2.481 1 1.40«.»>4 13
Net m«5t in force [
De^rrfcer 31. IVa.A 63,411.738! 885.7(54 00
ALBEItT R. LEDOCX. Vice President.
CHARLES P. CONKL1N. Secretary.
Sub»cri»*4 and tworn to before me. this 5tb
day ofFrVruary. l»O4.
CHRIS BAMBACH. Notary Public.
C. A. HENRY & CO., General Agents
215 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
CaJlf ornia, Alaska. Arixona, Idaho, Mon-
tana. Keva4a, Oresron, TJtai. "Wash-
lntrtoa aa_ SawaUaa Island*.
P^lhCfi D0N * T FAIL TO
taiuvv gee the beautLfu _
__,J COURT Lounging
afifl room, the EMPIRE
**r** Parlor, the
(Z ~r* *m A PALM ROOM, the
Hotels gp^ WRmN0
ff ¦ V rrUCO P r< > ra Pt relief. Cant* r*mor«i.
nlll I L I t K f TB P ton " M?>r f"™ Acorn-
«_»_!!••¦-- **•** " d Permanent e»n«tit*-
HdintaM Wnte »t one* for It, to .
r». HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVEB.TISE2CEKTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
•• Just-ns-grooil** are but Experiments, and endanger the
health ot Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It -
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Xarcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomarh and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You toe Always Bought
y* Bears the Signature of _
In Use For Over 30 Years.
"" cc«t«uw eonMHir. tt »umur stmcct. mcw T«m» citV. "
I Miss Nellie Holmes, treasurer*VESSEL IS SEIZED BY
GOVERNMENT OFFICERS
VICTORIA. B. C. July 4— The
steamer City of Nanaimo. carrying
Fourth of July excursionists from Vic
toria to. Porf Angeles,.. Wash., was
seized this afternoon by. the United
States customs officers for an alleged
violation of the passenger carrying
regulations. It is said that the City
of Nanaimo failed to submit herself
to the usual inspection by the United
States officials. She .was making her
second trip to Port Angeles when
seized. The steamer is the property
of the Esquimau and Nanaimo Rail
way Company and is valued at 5125 .
000. . She will be held until the case
Is submitted to the" Federal Depart
ment of Marine. -The steamer What
com of the Alaska Steamship Com
pany fleet went over to bring the ex
cursionists, who numbered over 600
back to Victoria. ! v ¦/ '
St. Lonls ..12 10 4
Batteries — Hess, Joss and Bemis; Pelty and
Sugdcxi.
AFTERNOON GAME. ; . ,
- Cleveland . won the afternoon ' srame from St.
Louis by hHtlng Glade hard and often in the
seventh aril eighth Innings. Attendance. 8000.
Sccre : ¦ . , ; ¦ . .
¦'¦¦•'.¦¦ -/I •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ;•¦ • R. H. E:
Cleveland ..; 9. .12 .1
St Louis ..4 10 4
Batteries — Moore and Bemls; Glade and
Kahoe. - ¦
¦ MORNING GAME. . -
WASHINGTON. July 4.— The local team was
outbatted and outflelded. - Attendance, - 5000/
Score: .. y
nf . h. e.
Washington 2 10 . 3
Bostcn;.... 8 12., 1
I Batteries— Orth and Klttredge; Gibson and
Farrell.
. AFTERNOON GAME.
' Boston won the afternoon game from Wash
ington, R to 2. owing- to Young's effectiveness
wjth'nKn on bases. -The feature of the game
was the batting and fielding of Collins. At
tendance. 6000. Score:
-¦..' — ;- .¦: ¦ , R. H. K.
Washington 2 10 " -1
Boston ............................ 5 12 1
.Batteries — r Patten and Clark*; Toung and
Moran./ .. -¦ ; ,•".¦:.'. '•' '¦ ¦'¦','¦ - , % .T.'- ?'
AFTERNOON GAME.
Seattle— Oakland-
AB.R. H. P.A. AB R W T> » •
VanH.cf 2 0 12 1 Ganly.rf. 4 0 0 0 6
Mohir.Sb 2 116 1 Frncks.s. 4 0 1 " ?
Dlhty.3b 4 0 10 3 Krugr cf 4 o o T i
Fri^.lf 8 0 11 oiSchflySb 4 2 2 4 2
1^- H ° « 0'Mskmn.lf 4 0 12 0
fcmlth.rf. 4 0 0 3 O Devrx.3b 4 0 2 12
Ha I.e... 4 0 0 1 1 StreibTlb 4 0 010 U
Wllson.c. 2 3 18 0Lohman,c2 0 0 4 0
Hu S het,p_3 JL 2 _0 _2jGrahm. P : 3 0 0 0 7
' Totali 28 6 7 27 1\ ..Totals 33 11 zlli
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
Seattle o 01 0 003 1, *
Base hit. 0.0,1 0 1 0 '. 4 - J x~?
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 oo ' nZ?
B«e hit.... .....o: ii i..g |;g.g °Zi
• SUMMARY I '
&nrm Hfigi
Francks to Bchlafley to Strelb.^S.Ul'^K""
Lehman Wild pitch— Graham/ Umnfri"
O-Connell. Time of game— One hour "ni «
minutes. Hit by pitched ball-By Graham 'l
Errors — ¦Williams. Smith". Hall Ganlev
Hit by pitched ball-By CoopSrMtrS5~ ~
Base hit* 0 14 4 3 4 5 1 x— 22
Oa " Md K| - 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 \-2
Base hits 102110210^8
SUMMARY.
Left on bases — Portland 5, Los Anfelea 4.
First base on errors — Portland t, Lo« Anrelea
4. Time of same — One hour forty-five minutes.
Umpire — Browne. Attendance — 500.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Portland — f Lo» Angeles—
AB. R. H. P. A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Nadau.lf 4 0 0 4 OiToman.s. 4 0 0 2 3
McCde.rf 4 112 0|Flcod.2b 3 0 0 3 3
Drenan.cf 4 0 10 O'Smlth.Ub 4 0 2 14
Heck.lb.. 3 0 1 11 1 Brehr.cf . 3 0 0 10
Rymd.3b 2 0 13 2ICravth.rf 2 0 1 1 O
Castro,2b 3 0 2 5 2 Chase. lb. 2 0 0 13 0
Francts.s 3 O O 1 4:Ross.lf.. 3 0 111
Steelmn.c S O O 1 2Spies.c. 3 0 12 1
Butler.p. 3 0 0 0 4 Baum. p.. 2 0 10 3
Totals. 29 I 6 27 13; Totals. 28 0 6»24 IS
•No one out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 O 1—1
Base hits 11020010 1— a
Los Angeles OOOOOOOO O— O
Bav hit3 11112000 0— «
SUMMART.
Sacrifice nits — Chase. Brashear. Baum. Er
rors — Nadeau, Raymond, Brashear (2), Chas*.
Stolen base — Drennan. Bases on balls — Off
Butler 1. oft Baurn 1. Struck out — By Baum 1.
Two-base hit — Smith. Double plays — Raymond
to Keck to Raymond. Smith to Chase. Butler
to Castro. Francis to Castro to Beck. L«ft oa
bases^ — Portland o. Los Angeles a. First base
on errors — Portland -. Los Angeles 2. Time of
game — One hour and thirty minutes. Umplr*
— Brown. Attendance— 6000.
« ? ¦
Thirty years is the average age of an
ostrich, and the annual yield of a bird
in captivity is from two to four pounds
of plumes.
PORTLAND, July 4.— Los Angeles
and Portland broke even to-day, the
visitors shutting out the local team In
the morning and Portland returning
the compliment this afternoon. For
eight and a half innings this afternoon
6000 spectators witnessed a masterly
fight between Baum and Butler. Both
had kept their hits scattered and been
afforded excellent support, when Chase
unfortunately overthrew into the out
field in throwing to second and enabled
Portland to score. Scores:
MORNING GAME.
Portland — . Los Angeles
~ ' ',?**¦; R « H A P o A ' Aa H «• p - A -
Nadeu.lf 3 O O 2 O Tomaan 4 112 1
McCrd.rf 4 O 1 O O Flocd.2b 4 12 3 5
Brnan.cf 4 0 12 0 Smith, ."h 3 0 0 1 3
Beck.lb.. 4 0 1 15 0 Brshar.cf 4 0 12 0
Rymd,3b 4 0 111 Cravth.rf 4 0 110
Castro,2b 3 0 0 15 Chase.lb 4 1 1 11 1
Francs, ss 3 0 12 7Ross.lf.. 4 112 0
Shea.c ..2004 3Sples.c. 41153
Iberg.p.. 2 0 0 0 i Gray.p.. 3 0 0 0 0
Total. 29 0 5 27 2o! Total. 34 5 8 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Base hits 22000000 1—5
Los Anseles ....00000230 0—5
Base hits 0 0 0 1 0 2 3 2 0—8
SUMMARY.
Errors — Castro. Francis ' (2). Shea. Gray.
Karned runs — Los Angeles 2. Stolen base —
Spies. Bases on balls — Oft Gray 2. Struck
out — By Iberg 4, by Gray 5. Two-base hits —
Flood, Ross. Double play — Chase to Toman.
Break Even With the Portland Men
¦ In a Doable-Header.
AXGELS AVIX AND LOSE.
TWENTY HITS OFT COOPER.
Seattle Batsmen Strike a .300 Gait
Against Peter's Man.
SEATTLE, July 4.— Seattle's terrific
eluesing took all the interest out of
the morning contest. Cooper was
touched up for twenty hits, with
doubles and triples thrown In for fun.
Shields -had Oakland guessing all the
time. Oakland got off well in the aft
ernoon, but Trent to pieces in the sev
enth Inning, when it seemed the game
yr&s Peter's. Scores:
MORNTKG GAME.
Seattle— j Oakland-
AB. R. H. P. A. j AB. R. H. P.A.
Van H,cf 3 3 3 3 0 Ganley.rf 4 0 10 0
Mohlr,2b 4 3 13 4 Frneks.as 4 0 13 4
TC"llm».3b 6 2 3 11 Krugr.cf 4 0 0 3 0
FYlek.lf . 6 2 4 10 Schlfiy,2b 4 0 2 10
B!kr.p,lb 4 2 3 10 l.Fchmdt.lf 4 0 0 0 0
Bmitii.rf 4 12 0 0 D«vrx.3b 4 0 0 14
Hall.s*.. 4 13 1 2 Streib.lb 4 1 2 11 0
XVileon.c. 4 116 0 Byrne, c. 4 116 0
l*wl».c. 10 0 10 Cooper.p. 4 0 10 5
6fcleld*,p C1213 __
. — 1 TotaU 36 2 8 24 13
TatMlm 43 16 22 27 11*
RTJNS AND HITS BT INMKGS
6cattl« 0 0 4 3 2 3 4 0 x— 16
The competitors in the junior out
rigged skiff race were F. Jj Sherry of
the Dolphin Club, A. W. Ke'egan of the
Ariel Rowing Club and Harry Nelson
of the Alameda Boat Club. , Sherry had
the inside station, Keegan was in the
"center ana Nelson on the outside, near
the bank of the lake. Almost from the
start Sherry- steered I wildly, taking
Keegan's water and shortly afterward
Nelson's, though he escaped fouling
either of them. After the turn Sherry
wandered all over the course, but fin
ished first, Nelson being . second and
Keegan third. Time, 9:18%. .
The race for the junior barge cham
pionship brought out four competitors,
The first event was the intermediate
four-oared barge race, in which the
Alameda Boat Club crew, consisting of
G. F. Schroeder, bow; E. G. Hansen,
No. 2; B. G. Lyons, No. 3; A. C. Webb
Jr., stroke, and Carson Donnelly, cock
swain, won as it liked from the Dol
phin crew, made . up of A. Bertrand,
bow; E. Scheppler, No. 2; T. Harris,
No. 3; W. Harris, stroke, and W. Wood,
cockswain. Time, 7:45. , . -
SHERRY STEEIIS' WILDLY.
The Alameda- Boat Club carried off
the honc-rs at the annual championship
rowing regatta held yesterday on Lake
Merritt, winning the three barge races
and one of the outrigged skiff events.
The only first prize not won by an
Alameda crew or single sculler was the
junior outrigged skiff race, in which
F. J. Sherry of the Dolphin Boat Club
came In first. Al Kihn, assistant mar
shal of the course and a member of
the Alameda Boat Club, filed a protest
against Sherry on the ground that he
Impeded the of the other com
petitors. No' decision was rendered.
The matter will be referred to the
board of managers of the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union.
The weather at Oakland yesterday
was delightful, a light breeze just
ruffling the surface of the lake. .The
shores and boathouses were crowded
with spectators and many small row
boats and sailboats went to and fro on
the water. The first race was started
at 2:30 p. m. and thereafter the eventa
proceeded regularly, so that the pro
gramme was finished at 4:30 p. m.
The officials of the day were T. J.
Kennedy, of the Dolphins, referee:
Leander Stevenson, starter; Frank
Browning, George James and J. B.
Keenan. timers; marshal of the course,
Robert .Me Arthur; assistant marshals,
W. T. Howe and Al Kihn: Judges at
the finish, N. A. Denvir, J. ,T. . Sullivan.
C. M. Farrell and George Tupper;
judges at the turn, A. C. Du Fosse, W.
H. M«ad, J. Lewis arid W. O. Patch.
The regatta was In. charge" of the? re
gatta committee of the Pacific "Athletic
Association. ¦
During the interval between the tbjrd
and fourth races Dr. F. W. Riehl was
to have given - a life saving exhibition
by the aid of, kites, but, the wind not
being strong enough, the. attempt was
abandoned. Many Japanese . daylight
fireworks - ware ' sent ; up P and > • proved
highly^, entertaining. .;'.?>; /
OFFICIALS OF THE DAY.
..Both Alameda crews rowed the same
rapid stroke, starting off and finishing
at about fifty strokes to the minute.
They had the advantage of rowing in a
beautiful new barge built by Al .Rog
ers. It is almost as light as: a shell.
In the race for the senior outrigged
skiff championship Charles Wilson of
the Ariel Rowing Club took the place
of A. W. Pape of the Dolphin Boating
Club, E. B. Thorning of the Alameda
Boat. Club being his opponent, Thorn
jng was first to the turn. He took so
wild a course on the home stretch that
Wilson might have beaten him easily
had he kept reasonably straight, but
he followed Thorning and was beaten
by several lengths. Time. 8:4S^4.
In the senior four-oared barge race
the Alameda and Dolphin crews start
ed from one" side of the Judges' plat
form and the South. Ends from the
other. The Alamedas were first to turn
the stakes, the Dolphins second and the
South Ends third. The Alamedas won
as they liked, the Dolphins' finishing
second and the South Ends last. Time.
7:55. The winning Alameda crew was
the same as that which won the cham
pionship in the intermediate class. The
Dolphin crew was the same as thai;
which rowed in the same rac^ In the
South End crew George Collopy was
bow; F. Duplissea, No. 2; E. Pallas,
No. 3; E. Scully, stroke, and A. Son
nenberg, cockswain.
The Alameda crew was made up of
W. S. Gillogly, bow; C. McConnell. No.
2; Frank Hunt, No. 3; T. M. Shay,
stroke, and Carson Donnelly, cock
swain. The Ariel crew— Matt Brady,
bow; H. Opeldt, No. 2; Henry Williams,
No. 3; Edward Murphy, stroke, and
Eddie Flanders, cockswain. The South
End crew— Frank Baker, bow; E.
Wright, No. 2; J. Gibson, No. 3; B.
Marsh, stroke, and Albert Sonnenberg,
cockswain. The Dolphin crew— F.
Seibel, bow; T. R. Dixon, No. 2; W. A.
Remenspercer, No. 3; H. A. Swedland,
stroke, and J. J. Cronin, cockswain.
the South End . and Dolphin crews
starting from one side of the judges*
'flo^t and the Ariel and Alameda fours
from the other. The Alamedas turned
first, the Artels next, the South Ends
third and the Dolphins last. The Ala
meda crew won by several lengths, the
Ariels being second and the South
Ends beating the Dolphins for third
place by a narrow margin. Time,
7:37.
Batteries— Chesbro and McGulre: Henley and
Power*. - • •• .
AFTERNOON GAME.
Griffith outpltched Waddell in a game marked
by few hits on either side. Attendance 17 000
Score: ¦
New York '...... 5 8 E i
Philadelphia 2 ' 8 ¦ 1
Batterie* — Griffith and Klelnow; Waddell
and Powers. .
MORNING GAME.
CHICAGO. July 4.— Detroit bunched hits and
won easily. Attendance, 3900. Score:
' ' ' ' R. ' H E
Chicago ....2 8 2
Detroit 5 n) £
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; Kllllan
and Woods.
AFTERNOON GAME. - ¦
Backed up by perfect support. Donovan held
the locale to on* hit and a single run, making
three straight defeats for Chicago. Attendance,
10»O0O- Score j
CniCflKO ••••••••••••••••••••»#•••*.'• 1 1 2
Detroit 6 10-2
Batterien— Altrockand McFarland; Donovan
and Buelow. *
MORNING GAME.
CLEVELAND, July 4. — The morning game
was characterized by hard hitting and both
looee and brilliant fielding. Score : •
Cleveland i.......;,.*........,V.V;io X8 ; E j
Philadelphia; July 4 —The locals could
not hit Cheebro In the morning game. Attend
ance, 14.800. Score:
New York 9 10 6
Philadelphia 3 7 2
MORNING GAME.
Batteries — PfttJnger and Needham; Cronln
and Bergen. Umpire — Emslle.
• AFTERNOON GAME.
Brooklyn won the afternoon game easily,
batUng Wllhelm out of the box in the fourth
Inning and hitting Fisher hard. Attendance,
3300. Score :
R. . H. E.
Brooklyn 10 * l« 2
Boston 1. 7 ,1
Batteries — Poole and Rlttcr; Wilhelm Fisher
and Needham. Umpire — Emslle.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. July 4.— In the morning game
Pitch*-! Wcimer of Chicago was disabled by a
hatted ball and was carried oft the field. At
tendance, 12,050. Score:
R. H. E.
PHtsburg ., 7 12 O
Chicago 2 8 1
Batteries — Miller and Phelps; Welmer Cor
ridon and Kling. Umpire — O'Day. .
AFTERNOON GAME.
Both pitcherB were hit hard, but PittBhur*
sent more long hits Into the crowd (which
counted for three bases) at the right lime.
Attendance, 12,300. Score:
i n. h. e.
Pittsburg 11 16 3
Chicago 6 11 1
Batteries— Lynch and Smith; Brigga and
Kling. Umpire — O'Day.
MORNING GAME.
NEW YORK, July 4.— Although outbatted.
ten hits to eight. New York defeated Phila
delphia this morning with ease. Attendance,
10.000. Score:
„ R. H. E.
New York 4 8 2
Philadelphia 2 10 .1
Batteries — Taylor and Bowerman ; Sparks and
Roth. Umpire*— Carpenter and Johnstone.
AFTERNOON GAME.
New York won their eighteenth straight vic
tory this afternoon, defeating Philadelphia In
a one-sided contest. Attendance, 22,100'. Score:
¦c _ R. H. E.
New York 11 is 1
Philadelphia 3 4 1
Batteries— Matthewson. Ames and Warner:
Mitchell and Roth. Umpires — Carpenter and
Johnstone.
ST. LOUIB. July 4.— Owing to rain thlsaft
ernoon the St. Louis Nationals played but one
game with the Clnclnnatls. Attendance CSO'J
Score :
R. H. * E.
St. Louis ; 3 7 1
Cincinnati .7 13 0
Batteries — Sanders. Dunleavy-and Zearfoss;
Walker and Schlel. Umpires — Moran and Zlm
mer.
MORNING GAME. ¦.
BOSTON, July 4. — Boston's strong hitting
¦won th« morning game from Brooklyn. At
tendance, 2800. Score:
( R. H. E.
Boston fl 9 o
Brooklyn 2 8 2
MORNING GAME
NATIONAL- LEAGUE.
Annual Regatta on Lake Merritt Is
Enjoyed by Great Throng.
ALAMEDA DARGE CREW WHICH WON TWO CHAMPIONSHIPS YESTERDAY
ON LAKE. MERRITT. IN THE ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE PACIFIC ATH
LETIC ASSOCIATION, AND A CHAMPON SINGLE SCULLER.
(National League) ¦ (American League.)
W.UPetJ W.UPct.
New York. . .4S lti .7.V> Boston 40 22 .645
Chicago 37 25 .507 New York. .-. .3S 23 .025
Cincinnati ..35 2fi .574 » incajjo :<:» i;.s ..vc
Prttsburg 35 28 .656 Cleveland . . .35 27 .563
St. Loulis 32 :J0 ,5l« Philadelphia 32 29 .525
Urcoklyn 27 41 .397 St. . . .I^ouis. ,27 32 .45S
Boston 25 41 .379 Detroit 27 35 .435
Philadelphia 15 46 .210 Washington 11 43 .ISO
San Francisco had a little celebra
tion in addition to the roar and noise
of the Fourth last night when the
shining lights; | of; ;th6 < £Bprting , frater
nity turned out :tb*' welccTme Eddie
Hanlon on his return from the East.
The popular little boxer arrived about
8 o'clock and was met at the ferry
by Morris Levy, M. Sullivan. Billy Jor
dan, Billy Roach and a host of others.
So many were there that. Eddie was
quite unnerved. Before he could re
cover he was presented with a huge
floral piece, while the Native Sons'
band of the California Parlor played
strains such as might greet a return
ing warrior. Eddie was escorted with
pomp and fireworks to his home and
family by his cheering friends. H9
was in tip top health and says he had
the time of his life.
To-night Is the third of the carnival
at Carson and Mardi Gras is now in
progress. About two thousand strang
ers are in town and accommodations
are impossible to obtain. The business
men have advanced the price of all
their goods 100 per cent.
The Oaklands had a lead of one
eighth of a mile in the fifth relay. How.
ever, McKenzie, of the Renos, over
came the lead and finished a good dis
tance ahead. From that time on Reno
was never in danger of losing. Ked
die and Williamson, Smith, Updike and
Carter were the leaders in the race.
The riders were: Oakland—William
son. Haurat, Hearther. Nelson, Hol
den, Burgner. Neff, Mourour, H. Han
cock. Smith. Reno— Keddie, Korn
meyer, Knox, Meffley, McKenzie, John
son, O. Peckham, Morshon, Updike,
Carter.
CARSON, New, July 4.— In one of
the most exciting races ever held in
Nevada the Reno wheelmen to-day de
feated the Oakland wheelmen in a
fifty-mile relay race and won the
championship of the Pacific Coast. The
Reno boys had seven-eighths of a mile
to spare when ihey crossed the tape
in the final mile. In the third relay,
Hearther of the Oaklands met with an
accident following Kornmeyer of the
Reno team to secure a lead of nearly
one-quarter of a mile. However, Korn
meyer waited for his opponent to catch
up and both finished even.
Chicago Twirler Is Car
ried Off the Field—Eight
eenth Game for New York
Renos Defeat Oaklanders in
Fifty-Mile Relay Contest
and Secure Championship
Is Given. a Greeting Which
for Genuine Warmth Has
Seldom Been Exceeded
EDDIE HANLON
RETURNS HOME
WEIMER IS HIT
BY BATTED BALL
EXCITING RACE
OF WHEELMEN
STANDING OF THE CLUBS. i
(Pacific Co&Bt Lcarue.l '
W.UPct.. TV.l+Pct I
Ticorzm. 6f> 40 .5S3 Oakland 49 * ' .521
feaule 12 41 .5M t'tn Fran. . . .3S M .*»
Let A&£c!e>. .52 44 .542 Portland 34 66 .3.b
Special Dispatch to The CalL |
TACOMA. July 4-— Tacoma took the
doubleheader to-day from the San
Francisco team, to whom they tried
to present the morning contest by
erring at critical moments. However,
the home players batted Yerkes in the J
eighth and secured four runs more than
enough to win the game. St. Vrain
pitched well, but was poorly supported.
In the afternoon Keefe was in fine
form for seven innings. In the last
two rounds he became weak and gave
raany bases on balls, which were re
sponsible for the two runs of the vis
itors. Kecfe was relieved by Thomas,
uho finished the game. Eagan brought
in the first runs for the Tigers with
a home run hit over the left field fence
with tv.o men on bases. Jones was hit
frequently and his support was dis
couraging. Reitz and Casey did some [
epectacular work in the diamond, while
McLaughlin, Hildebrand and Waldron I
were the star outfielders. In the fourth
Waldron made a perfect return of Ea
pan's drive to deep center, retiring
JCordyke at third base. Scores:
HORNING GAME.
Tacoma — J San Francii-co—
AB. P.. H. P. A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
po>>.rf. 5 2 2 0 OiWaldn.cf «% 0 0 1 O
ihebn.Sb 5 2 3 3 3 Hldhrd.If 4 112 1
Wordk lb 4 0 1 8 1 -Meany.rf .10 4 3 0
feairan.ss 5 1 2 3 8 lr»in.«b 5 113 3
Lynch. of. 4 12 3 3'Andrn.*s 4 2 2 0 :i
Cas*y2h. 4 12 2 O Reltz,2J. 4 0 0 12
McLprUf 4 1 - » OTwnsd.lb 4 1 3 R 1
Grham.c 4 12 3 1 Gorton, c. 4 12 3 0
EtVrin.p 4 0 0 0 2 Yerkes.p 3 0 0 11
Totals. C3 9 16 2T 15 Totals. "8 6 9 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma O 0 O 3 1 1 0 4 x— »
Bai^> hits 00042 3 IB x— 16
£an Francisco... 01020210 0—6
Base tits 0203 0 2110—9
SUMMARIES.
Error* — Etca'.. Graham. St. Vrain. R^itz.
Struck out — By St. Vrain 2, by Yerkes 2.
Eases or bails — Off St. Vrain 2. Wild pitches —
By St. Vra'.n 1. Stolen base — Eagan. Two
btee hits — Lynch. Shochan. Nordyke. Me-
LaugMl:: i"), Graham, Towr.send. Anderson,
Hildebrani. Earned runs — Tacoma 7. San
FVaneit-co X. Sacrifice hits — Nordyke. Double
play — Eauun to Ca»«-y to Nordyke. First base
en errors — Tacoma 1, San Francisco 3. lx-ft
on bases — Tacoma T. San Francisco .7. Time
nf rame — Two hour? five rr.lnults. Umpires —
McDonald and McCarthy.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Tacoia* — I San Francisco —
AB. n. H. P. A. AB. R, H. PA.
tXtyle.rf. 5 0 2 0 OiWaldn.ci 11111
€hehn.3b 4 2 2 2 5 «t 1 2 0
Nordy.lb 4 12 9 O.Meany.rf fi 0 1 0 1
Eapan.ss 3 12 2 l!Ir«rin,3b. 4 0 O 3 0
Lynch, cf. 4 0 14 OiAndrn.ss 3 0 0 2 0
ra*ey,2b. 5 2 13 4 rJeitz.Sb. 4 0 10 5
McLpi.If 4 0 2 3 0 Knell.lb. 3 0 0 9 1
Hofan.c. 5 0 2 4 '1 Gorton. c. 2 10 7 1
Keefe.p.. R 2 1 0 2 Jones.p.. 3 0 10 1
Thomas.p 0000 0
i Totals 30 2 5 24 10
Totals H3 f 15 27 11
RUXS KSV) HITS BY INNINGS.
5«ron:a 0 0 3 2 0 0 2 1 x— S
Base hits 114 3 0132 x— 13
Pan Francisco OO0000O1 1 — 2
Bu« hits 2000001 1 1 — 5
SUMMARY.
Errors — Irwln. Knell (2), Gorton (2). Struck
e*ut — By Ke«f» 4. by Jones 7. Bases on balls —
Off Kecfe 10. cit Jones 4. Hit by pitcher —
Lynch. Passed balls — Gorton 2. Wild pitch —
Keefe. Stolen bases — Sheehan, Nordyke, Lynch.
Two-base hits — McLaughlin. Sheehan. Ililde
rrand. Innlnirs pitched — By K**fe S^. hy
Thoxs&e *£ Home run — Eagan. Earned rune
— Tacoma 5. Sacrifice hij— McLaughlin.
Double play — Hofan to Eheehan. Left on bases
—Tacoma 13. Ean Francisco 11. Hits — Off
Keefe 5. Time of easie — Two hours and five
tnlcetes. Umpire* — McCarthy and McDonald.
Billy Miller, a new one and unat
tached, took the place of Tony Ford,
scheduled to go against Joe Larkin of
the Belmont Club. Larkin, according
to the announcer, weighed 13S pounds,
but he did not look the part. Perhaps
he appeared so big because Miller was
so small, but against clever boxing the
evident superiority In weight told in
the second round, when Miller went
out.
Ed Johnson of the Hartford Club
showed a willingness to do his best with
"Chiefy" Johnson, another "pride of the
Mission." Edward used a right shift
in the beginning and looked promising.
In the third, however, when the little
fellows worked their arms like a Spring
Valley windmill, the Mission wonder
got to the right place and the Hartford
man was carrfed to his corner.
The savins feature of the disappoint
ing afternoon was the go between Jack
McMullen of the Colma Club and Eddie-
Coyne, the "pride of the Mission." The
"pride" certainly had a .fall. In spite
of his crouch and spectacular footwork
Eddie met a youngster who had a right
and left behind his gloves and the abil
ity to land when and where most need
ed. While McMullen had clearly out
pointed Coyne up to the end of the al
lotted four rounds, the "pride" was
still strong on his leg?, and to prolong
the fun another round was demanded.
Then, of course, Referee Al Young gave
the decision where It belonged and
there was no objection.
The main contest wag advertised to
be between Jack Sullivan and George
Sulliva^n. heavy-weights. It was a long
way from being a star attraction, al
though a moment's excitement was
promised when both of the big fellows,
tired of wrestling, fell over the ropes.
In the first round Jack Sullivan danced
and waxed merry, and eleven suc
cessive times George put a caressing
right to the protruding point of Jack' 4
Jaw. There was nothing to cause slum
ber in the blows and Jack continued to
dance, using in the Infighting a four
inch jab which might have groggied a
feather-weight. The gong saved Jack
in the second, and in the third Deputy
Sheriff Carroll offered to end the agony
unless the Sullivans would drill. They
tried, but couldn't, and on the showing
the verdict went to George.
The first mixup on the card was be
tween William O'Brien and "William
Henry, and there was nothing doin.5
until the middle of the fourth round,
when Henry decided to take a nap for
ten seconds.
The battles of the Revolution, which
made the celebration of Independence
day possible, were not reproduced In
the fight pavilion at Colma yesterday.
About 500 made the long Journey, and
for their pains were treated to five
bloodless bouts, including two knock
outs, that contributed nothing; to the
enthusiasm. A- few courageous small
toys with a basket of firecrackers could
have wrought more entertainment for
the bloodthirsty and more real damage
to themselves.
For Seven Innings He Has
Batsmen at His Mercy,
After Which He Weakens
PITCHER KEEFE IX FORM
Tacoma's Heavy Sluggers
Get Sixteen Hits Off the
San Francisco Twirler
"Main Go" Requires Warn
ing* of. Deputy Sheriff to
Make Sullivans Fight
McMULLEX A SURPKISE
Five Bouts Fail to Arouse
Enthusiasm of Holiday
. Prize Fight Followers
COLMA BATTLES
ARE BLOODLESS
YERKES CURVES
EASILY SOLVED
ALAM EDA BOAT CLUB OARSMEN CAPTURE FOUR ROWI NG CHAM PIONSH IPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -TUESDAY. JULY 5, 11)04;
10
ADVEBTISEMENT&.
Centuries Qld £s
The disease which has Drought more sufFering, degra-
elation and disgrace upon the human race is the same
to-day that it was centuries ago. It is called Contagious -^RaBS^
Blood Poison, "The Bad Disease," and is given other " :^^^<^^^']^^
names, but among all nations is regarded as the blackest
and vilest of all human diseases. It goes from bad to Wv^n|y<''
worse; the little sores that first appear are soon followed ™!§J'T>' I 7/
by others; the glands of the , "^ M '"'- ~ ._ ., . . _ . 4
ZXi~» ctt-»11 an A inflomo •> I w»s afflicted with blood poison, and th* best
groms swell and inflame, a doctor, did me no rood, though I took thair treat-
red eruption breaks out on the mant faithfully. In fact, I seemed to grow worse
u a . *v* *, A1 ,ti, «_j n,,.,f all the while. I was disheartened, for it seamed
body, tne lfaoutn and tnroat that I would never b« cured. At the advice of a
become ulcerated, the hair and friend I then took S. S. S., and be gran to improve.
««n» hY-nw« Arnr\ nut and turW continued the medicine, and it cured me com-
eje-brows drop out, and Ugly P i et ely, building up my health and increasing my
yellow blotches make their appetite. Although this was ten years aro» I have
appearance, and if thedisease 2r T *S« h^ a 8l * n °l *«* dl * ea S t i r^SSSwaw
is notchecked at this Stage, *°* 285, Savannah, Ga. W. R. NEW1IAN. 1
every bone, muscle, tissue and nerve in the body oecomes infected with the
poison, and from the roots of the hair to the soles of the feet there is not a
SS"*** i— i sound spot anywhere. To cure this awful contagion
f<^N f^^ the blood must first be purified, and nothing; will do
V^^y >^^^ this so quickly and surely as S. S. S., which, has been
kjj known for years as an antidote for the poisonous
i virus of Contagions Blood Poison. Mercury and pot-
ash may check it for a time, but it comes back in a still more aggravated
form. S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, and $i ,000 is offered f orproof
that it contains a mineral ingredient. "Write for our home-treatment book.
and learn all about Contagious Blood Poison and how to treat it. No dtarje
for medical advice. THE $Ytn7 SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, ***
: : . V ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE FIRST STEP"
[Toward recovering your health is
made when you commence taking
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
restores the stomach to a normal
condition, corrects tl#2 liver, pro-
motes bowel regularity and in-
duces restful sleep. Doctors in-
dorse and recommend it. It al-
ways cures Vomiting, Bloating,
Headache, Dyspepsia, Indiges-
tion, Dizziness, Cramps and Ma-
laria, Fever and Ague. Try one
bottle and be convinced of its
value.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
JjlL'S.' BRIDGE & CO. I
8 MERCHANT TAILORS. >>
i\ 622 Market Street \
5 Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Hotel. >
I .. SAN FRANCISCO. I
6 Novelties in imported Wear, iAn* act of generosity may be
by insisting, upon doing it in an arbi
trary, fashion.;
Between the Yankee peril on one side
and the yellow peril on the other Eu
rope does not get much sleen .these
Bishte.
LONDON, July 4.— At the ' tennis
double seti Davis cup at Wemb'leton
to-day the Dohefty brothers beat De
morman and Delace, 6-0, 6-1, 6-1. .
Dolierty Brothers Successful.
A lock, of hair; from . the head of
Prince Charlie, the Scottish pretender,
and one from his wife's sold at auc
tion in London the other day f or $168.
No man likes, to be dunned for debt;
and some are { so I sensitive that if you
dun them twice they will never pay it.
George III for many 'years' of "his
life read nothing but his Bible and
prayer book.
LONDON, July 4.— Eighty members
of .the" Houses Committee have an
nounced their intention of joining the
Parliamentary party Which will visit
the St. Louis Exposition in the
autumn. It is expected a number of
others will also so. \
Englishmen Will Visit Fair.
SANTA CRUX, July 4. — After an ex
citing and a close cricket game, wit^
nessed by a large crowd, the Santa
Cruz Cricket Club defeated the San
Francisco County eleven by a score
of 105 to 104. As Santa Cruz was
badly beaten on Sunday by the Ala
medas and on Saturday by the Pa
cifies, this was an unexpected victory.
Snnta Cruz Cricketers Victorious.
The Continental' Building and Loan
Association gave a colonial dinner at
the St. Francis Hotel last night in the
main banquet hall. Dr. Washington
Dodge was toastmaster and speeches
were made by Gavin McNab,, Charles
M. Shortridge, Frank H. Gould. Dr.
Joseph G. Crawford, J. L. Field and
Raleigh Bnr.car.
Colonial Dinner nt St. Francis.
SAN RAFAEL, July 4.— Many mem
bers and invited guests crowded the
finka of the San Rafael Golf Club to
day to witness the handicap mixed
foursomes. The ladies carried off the
honors of the day, playing' in better
form than the men. The match re
sulted in a tie between Mr. and Mrs.
W. J." Casey and Mrs. Roe '- and R. J.
Davis, each team making a net score
of 5L The following are the net scores:
E."J. and Mrs. Hooper 56, Mrs. Roe and
R. J. Davis- 51, Dr. and Mrs. H. O.
Howitt 59, Miss Alice Hoffman and Mr.
McGrew 56, W. J. and Mf^. Casey 51,
Mrs. Frank Johnson and F. H. Beaver
58. C. A. Belden and T. D. Madison
won a sweepstakes competition over 18
holes in the afternoon. ;'„-"?
Holiday Golf at San Rafael.
HENLEY, England, July 4.—Al
though the Henley regatta properly
commences to-morrow. It was neces
sary to row off a couple of prelimi
nary heats for the diamond sculls to
day in consequence of the large entry.
L. F. Scholes of the Don Rowing Club
of Toronto easily won his heat, dei
feating A. A. Stuart of the Kingston
Rowing Club by five lengthe. Time, 9
minutes 10 seconds.
American Wins at Henley.
Fifth race, five furlong*, selling— Ml mo won.
Ulctmu sucond, Agnes Mac third. Time, 1:01 »/>.
Sixth race. Celebration handicap, one and a
<ju«rter miles — Forest -King won, Platonlus
second. Colonfe! Anderson third. Time, 2:07%.
- Seventh race, seven furlongs — Dora I won.
Decoy s-econd, Henry Clay Rye third. Time,
l:28V4-
Blfihth rac«. one mile, Belling— Red Tip won.
Lady Kent second, Glcnrlce third. Time, 1:42.
SEATTLE. July 4.— Summary:
First rare, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Cinnabar won. Evermore second, Breton third.-
Time. l:2t. % H.
Second race, *U furlongs-rDorlce won. Cloche
d'Or second. Skip Me third. Time, 1:14H.
Third race, olx and a half furlongs, selling —
Box Elder won, Sbllnus second, Sir Dougal
third. Time, 1:22.
Fourth rnci, *lx furlong* — Ndnle won, Or»
Viva eecond, Sue Christian third. Time. 1:14.
Seattle Race Results.
Modei Yacht Surprise Yields to
Fleeter Craft of Miniature
Dimensions.
Because of the many counter-at
tractions the attendance at Spreckels
Lake yesterday was lighter than usual.
Many owners of the ; model yachts
were out of town and the entry list
for the pennant race was rather small.
The Surprise; holder of* the pennant,
lost to the Apache in the finals and
the latter boat will hold it until de
feated.
The Apache also had the distinction
of making the best time of the day.
She sailed the course in, 3:17. The
Apache, Surprise and Fannie qualified
for the finals.* The first Won easily,
being thirty seconds ahead of the Sur
prise, which finished fifteen seconds
ahead of the Fannie. .
A summary of the 'races follows:
V A ' \_: FIRST TRIAL. RACE.
Yacht^- •',¦'¦' Owner. * Time.
1— Apache Roeckncr ....... ..3:17
2— Fannie. Collier IJro«. . .... .8:40
Surprise Brown ..... . .Disabled
Plute .............'.... Forrest ......Becalmed
SECOND TRIAL , RACE.
1— Apache Roeckner ....4:01
2— Fannie ...... ... .... Collier j Bros. .... ..4 :40
Piute ...... ... ........ Forretlt Withdrew
Austral ................ Jurgens .....Withdrew
Surprise. Brown ... .. .Withdrew
FINAL "RACK. '. ; •
1 — Apache ............ Roeckner .'.:... ...3:45
2— Surprise ....:.. .... Brown : .4 :15
3 — Fannie Collier Bros.-.;. . . . .4 :C0
APACHE WINS PENNANT
AT SPRECKELS L.AKE RACES
SAN MATEG, July 4.— Arthur Green
won the tennis championship of San
Mateo County to-day on Mrs. Alfred
B. Ford's court, thereby becoming the
possessor of the Wrenn-Spaulding cup,
he having won out two ¦ successive
times After the preliminaries the gam«j
narrowed down to a fight between
Green and Sam Hopkins of Menlo Park,
and became more sensational, as it
neared the finish. They gave a bril
liant exhibition of tennis, but Hopkins
was no match for the San Mateo boy
and failed to take a single game.
The grounds of the Ford mansion
were gayly decorated with banners and
bunting, and the match was witnessed
by a large and fashionable crowd. Ar
chie Treat, the tennis expert, was um
pire and Palmer Fuller scored. Fol
lowing are the scores:
Arthur Green beat James Dickie, 6-2,
C-0; Frank Reynolds beat "Arthur Doe,
6-S, 5-7, 6-2; David Crabtree beat Allan
Green, 4-6, 7-5, 8-6; Sam Hopkins beat
Philip Lansdale. 6-2, 6r3; Arthur Green
beat Rev. J. P. Klmball, 6-1, 6-1; Frank
Reynolds beat Roy Pike; 6-4, 2-C, 6-3;
Arthur Green beat David Crabtree,
6-1. 6^; Sam Hopkins beat Frank Rey
nolds, 6-1, 6-4; Arthur Green beat Sam
Hopkins, 6-4, 6-1, 7-5. . . :
ty's Champion, Who Won Out
Twice in Succession.
Wrenn-Spauldin?: Cup Goes to Coun-
SAX MATEO TENNIS HONORS
ARE WON' BV ARTHUR -GREEN
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. July 4. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at the Fair Ground3
follow:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling,
maidens— Sir Walter Rollins 107, Anadargo 1<H,
Trouei* 10o. Preventatlve 1C3. Mellwood lft:.
Paddy Frelgha 101. Cassleanna 100. Dresden
ICO. Little Harry OS. Walter Candy 98. Covlm*
{W, Walpole OS. Fred Prlesmeyer 98, Omah J
95. Bavarian 95.
Second race one mile and a sixteenth. sell-
Ing— Elle lf>7. Brooklyn 10*. Athena 10»>. Mba
Betty 09. Mildred L 91). Lemon Girl 04.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Dr. Kler
107, Boundlins 107. Jake Weber 106. Benscm
hurst 104. St. Vltos 104. Rosecourt 104, Flor
tdor 10TS, Ascot U«>, Tenny Belle 99. Santa.
Ventura 90. Yellow Hammer 8S. Lady Vashtl
97. Feby Blue 97, The Hebrew 05, Musco
voir 95.
Foi'rth race, five and a half furlongs, handi
cap — Luzarion 117. Broomhandle 115* Lady
Savoy 107 Milton Young 106. Zinda 100. Lucky
Charm 03.' Laurel L 0O.
Fifth race, seven furlong:?" — Six Shooter 113,
Colonel Ballantyne 115, Milas 112. Gjennevls 1«».
I.a-so 1<«. Stand Pat U«. lmbcden 101, Anckn
101. Follies BerRere* 09. Sol Smith 97.
Sixth rac*. one mile and seventy yards,. sotl-
In*— Petttjohn 105. Canyon 1C5. Lubin l'»4,
Stradei 103. Pardian 10S. Handspinner 100, Bej
8i* McCarty K»>.
Rain; track elonpy.
ST~- LOUIS SELECTipXS. ...
First Race — IJttle Ilnrry, Prcrenta
tlvc, MellWood.
Second Race — Ellc, Miss Betty,
Athena. . . "
Third Race — Santa Ventura, Dr.
Kier, Rose Court.
Fourth Race — Broomhamlle, l.n
zarion. Zinila.
Fifth Race — Six Shooter, Follies
Bergercs, Imboden.
Sixth Race — Pettijohn, Sanllao,
Strader.
Young Kerry Pippin Is Withdrawn
After ; the Third Donny-
l>rbo]£ Takes Open Stake.
After the greyhound Bright Colum
bia had won -two trials to one for
Young Kerry Pippin in their match
yesterday at Ingleside Coursing Park
the latter was withdrawn.
Bright Columbia won the first trial
by a score of 22 to 5 after a run. of
one minute and fifty-two seconds. She
also won the second course by a score
of 4 to 2. Young Kerry Pippin took
the third by a score of 9 to 2. Pippin
was then withdrawn.
Donnybrook won the open stake by
default, Tobasco Bob being withdrawn,
owing to severe running.
A large crowd was present, the oc
casion being the first meet of the San
; Francisco Coursing Club. The day's
results, with Judge John Grace's of
ficial scores, fdllow:
Wattles beat .Dear Gallon, 16-12:, Annie
Ryne beat do- On, 5-0; Ruby Hanky beat Bel
fast. 18-fj; Ragged Actor beat Morning Glory,
15-4; John C. Ht-enan beat Piker. 8-1; Jack
Short beat Laboring: Boy. 22-.*»; Royal Friend
beat Idaho Boy. 13-7; Young Johnnie Rex a
bye: Donnybrook beat Atay Tunnlson, 12-7;
Pasha Pleasant . btat MiFg Florence. 18-S;
Pasha King beat Darta way. 11-S; Rcy Dare
beat Mo8e, lt-8; Oulda beat Altomax 4-0;
. Wcdgtwood beat Shadow, 6-i>; White Stockings
'beat Krank Dunn, 13-11: Uidy Menlo beat
Black R*x, I !M: SHent Water beat Rich Af
jrosy, 17-11; Oallant Glaneer beat Sofala, ft-5;
i Dorothy M b**at Mlrnpe. 9-5: Fentl b«at Yellow
Tall. 12-0; Princess Savoy beat Afcjle W. 4-3;
llaglc Stuff beat Northern Alarm. 2»-«; To
ba*co Bob beat Toronto (bets declared off);
Old . Ironsides beat Boots, 10-2. ;
Second round— Annie Ryne beat Wattles,
5-4; HasR-pd Actor beat Ruby Sankey. r.-l ; John
C Hrcnan beat Jack Short. 5-J ; Young Johnnie
Rex beat Royal Friend, 11-0; Donnybroqk beat
Pacha rieasnnt. 5-3; Pasha Kinir beat Rey
Dare -lti-3; Oulda beat WcdRewood. <M: Lady
Menlo beat White Stocking*. 1S-13; SllentWater
beat Oallant Glaneer. i:i-10; Princess Savoy
beat Magic Stuff, 17-8; Fenll a bye; Tobasco
IJnb bent Old Ironsides. 4-2.
Third round — Ragged Actor beat Annie Ryne,
5-1; John C. Heenan beat Youns: Johnnie Rex.
fi-0; Donnybrook brat Pasha Kln»r, 10-0; Lady-
Menlo brat Oulda, 3-1; Fenll beat Silent Water,
6-f>: Tobasco Bob beat Prlncwfl Savoy, 9-2.
"Fourth round — RaRjted Actor heat John C.
Heenan, 22-7; Donnybrook beat Lady Menlo,
4-2: Toboftco Dob beat Fenll. 8-0.
Fifth round — Donnybrook beat Ragged Actor,
8-1: Tobneco nob a bye.
Deciding course — Donnybrook won by defautt,
Tobasco Bob withdrawn.
BKK2IIT COLUMBIA WINS
MATCH AT IXGLES1DE PARK
In the afternoon MacGavin played
the best fame he has ever shown. He
was invincible at the net and in the
back court nothing seemed out of his
reach. His service was not particu
larly strong, but he followed it in and
usually won the point by a well-placed
volley.
Smith tried hard to stem the tide of
defeat and fought all the way, but
he was constantly on the defensive and
except for once in the second set was
always a game behind. The ex-cham
pion volleyed poorly and at times
when he needed a point either netted
or put the ball out. His service was
not as good as usual. The ball did not
twist much and lacked speed. Smith
was in rather poor condition, but aside
from this he was outplayed both at 1
the net and in the back court.
Although the match went to. Mac-
Gavin in straight sets, it was by no
means one-sided. All three sets went
to deuce and in all of them Smith
looked to have a chance. Twice he
pulled up from 5-3.to 5-5, only to lose
the next two games. In the second
set at 4-4 he had a lead of 30-0 Ion
the ninth game, but lost. it. In Ihe
third set, although tired, he pulled up
from 4-2 to 4-4 and again evened the
rcore at 5-5. The score in MacGavin's
favor was 7-5, "6-4, 7-5. ,•
In the morning Miss Hotchkiss had
a much easier time defeating Miss
Edwards thun was expected. . In the
first sot the ex-champion made a good
showing, but in the second Miss Hotch
kiss won as she pleased. The win
ner played a game that is second only
to that of the buttons. She played rtg
gres?ively at the net and in the back
court used a well-placed drive. The
score ¦tfas 6-3, 6-1.
At the conclusion of the afternoon's
match prizes were awarded the win
ners as follows: First and challenge
cup. Miss Hotchkiss; second, Miss
Lulu Wegener; third, Miss Berry and
Miss Jones; gentlmen's first and chal
lenge cup, J. D. MacGavin; second,
Clarence Griffin; third, George Baker
and Herbert Long.
One of the* largest crowds ever seen
at isan Rafael witnessed the contests.
In the afternoon many of the specta
tors were unable to find seats in either
grand stand. The weather was not
distressingly hot. The light dresses
worn by the ladies made a pretty pic
ture.
The State championship tennis tour
nament was brought to a close yester
day on the Hotel Rafael courts. Both
ch'ampions met defeat at the hands of
the tournament winners. In the morn
ing Miss Hazel Hotchkiss, challenger,
beat Miss Miriam Edwards, defender.
In the afternoon J. Drummond Mac-
Gavin, challenger, beat Grant M.
Smith,: defender. V , .
Mr?. Miller of the San Francisco Golf
Club finished sr-cond. being *6even
strokes behind the winner. She drives
a long bail, but her short game was
nut effective yesterday. She was at a
disatvantage In not being accustomed
to the sarsd "greens."
Mrs. Scott had not played for two
years up to a month ago. and was
hardly prepared, for the strain of tour
nament play.
The Poniatouski cup having been
disposed of a new trophy is already be
ing arranged for. This will be com
peted for under match play conditions
Instead of under medal play as was
the former trophy.
Captain A. H. Payson won the mem
btrs' cup. He played a steady game
throughout and hjs victory was a popu
lar one. Mr. Pojj>e was a. close second
and Mr. Murphy third.
The day was an ideal one for golf
and the links were at their best.
The cup score in detail:
Mrs. Xickfl — •
4 r, 5 <; T «J::T«55111»J7 7—116
Mrs. M'.llrr—
4 C75 r. M ? 7 5 « 5 5 4 10 47 7— 103
Mr«. Munn —
<i 10 C r. 7 114 8 7 5 0 6 5 7 10 5 <! 8— 122
Miss 'Whltiwy-
4 5«;S12 7(97 KCS9 fi 978 ft— 123
MiFs ¦Whlttell—
4 654 « C37C4S64 5 M C T- OS
Mrs. U 1. Scott—
5 65 7 C S6675646 7 757 7—110
The score of Captain Payson and of
Mr. Elackman, who was paired off with
him, follows:
¦ ¦- '¦-•- -.,i- ..-
Captain A. H. Pajvcn — Total. Hdcp. Net.
4 4SS7 7SS7
:: s :. 4 .'. s :: 7 C — 9S 14 8f
H" A. Blaeicir.an —
3S&669365
47C4CS4S 0—100 «" * M
In the afternoon there was a putting
contest, which was won by Mrs. Miller.
The oth^r ladle? competing' were:
Mrs. I. i. Scott. Mrs. Dr. ShM*. Mr*.
Nickel. Mrs. Georrr Aimer NewbaJl, Mlc«
NVwhan. Mr* Colcman. MIm A. Parrott Mrs.
\V»it*r S. Martin. Mis* ChfRebroujrh. Mre. II.
T. Scott, Mrs. J T. fceott and Mr*. Harry
foett. -
The pigeon shooters were also in com
petition during the afternoon. The
scores:
Five-lurd r*c« — V.'. B Tubbe. thirty yards,
2. 2. 2. 1. 1: K. B. Murphy, twenty-eight
yards. 0. O 1. 2. 0: McMullin. twenty-elrht
yard*. 1, J, 0. 1. 2; L. I. Scott, tw-nty-slx
verO*. 0. I. 2. 1. 2.
2— Second barrel.
Six-bird race— w. n Tubb«. 2, 2. I. 2. 1, 1;
K: n. Murphy. 2. 1. 0. L 1. 1; McMullin.
tXX I. ~. J. 2; L. I. Hcott. 1. 1. 2. 1. J, 1;
Ijt J.i=i!.f-. 2. 2. 0, 2. 1. 1; Buckley Johnson,
*h C, withdraw.
- *Hx-bir<l race— W. B. Tnbt*. 2. 2, 1. l.K 2;
Murphy. 1. J. J. 1. 2. 2: McMullin. 1. 1. 2. 2.
1. 1; De Bftthf. 2. 1. 1, 2, I. I; Scott, 0, 2, 1.
2, I. I.
The latter p!ayer won it yesterday
en the picturesque links of the Bur
iinframe Country Club for the second
time, thus making it her property.
Mi5s ¦VVhittWU who is' a pupil of F.
J. Ileilly, the Buriingame Club profes-
EionaJ. was at her best. She practiced
carefully fur the competition and
showed it in the steadiness of her play.
man Brown. iI:Ej= Ruth I'nderhill. a
i haircpjon who came out of the East,
ar.d finally the name of Miss Whittell.
The Poniato\vs=ki cup. the most ar
tistic trophy for which the fair golfers
of California have ever competed, has,
after six years, passed into the posses
sion of Mi?s Florence Whittell.
To add to its historic value the
trophy has graven upon its polished
surface the names of such clever ex
ponents of the ancient Scottish game
its Miss Alice MofTitt, now Mrs. George
Doubleday; Miss Caro Crockett, now
3Jrs?. Laurance I. Scott; Mrs. R. Gil-
Fair Burlingaine Country
Club Golfer 3Iakes Artistic
Trophy Her Property.
Miss Hazel Hotclikiss De
feats Miss Edwards for the
Ladies' Championship.' !
Match playf—T. McNaught, Joseph
Gray, J. 'iVIcCachlan and.J. C. Moffatt
(San Francisco), 21; R. Spaulding, H.
Forgle, J. Orchison > and J. Patullo
(Oakland), 17. ' - .
Second rink — Dr. Hamilton, A. Mc-
Near, R. Park and A. A. McVicar (San
Francisco), 6; G. McMath,-J. Laing, J.
Hutchison and A. Proctor (Oakland), 21.
. Totals— San Francisco 27, Oakland 38.
Practice matches— T. : Lattimer, G.
Hrenner and W. .Cook, 21; D. Molr. J.
Moir, A. Beliingair and D. Young, 20;
E. Medeau, G. Brenner, J. Earsman and
T. Lattiiiler, 21;:b. Moir, A. Bellingall,
F. Davidson and J. Molr; 18; J. Hutch
ison and H. Forgie, 21; T. McNaught
and Joseph Gray," 15; J. Mearns, 21;
W. Chalmers, 16; J.. T. Dare and J.
McLachlan,' 21; Judge Shaw and J. C.
Moffatt, 15? G.'Medeau and H. L. Tick
ner, 21; G. Brenner and J. C. Moffatt.
4; J. M. Duncan and S. Stott, 21, 21, 21;
J. Reid ar.d J. "VV. Elder, 3, 4, 19.
The Scottish ' bo wLtrs from the Oak
land Club met and defeated /the crack
bowlers of the San Francisco Club yes
terday on the Golden Gate Park green.
Each club was. represented by eight
players. The local players were suc
cessful on the first rink, winning by a
score of 21 to 17. On the second rink
Oakland easily overcame this" lead,
winning by the one-sided score of 21 to
C. The total score was Oakland 38 and
San Franeisco 27.
The first v game . played was exceed
ingly close. Neither team scored more
than a point to an end. In the second
game the, home players were never, in
the race.
- *Each club has now beaten the other
twice.; \Oakland.;wori the first meet and
San Francisco the second and third.
At the conclusion of the match the
visitors were "the* guests of the park
bowlers at a luncheon served at the
children's playgrounds. ',
Many , practice games were bowled
by the members of the two clubs.
The scores fojlow: -.; ,.,
Each Team Has Now Won
Two Games and Deciding
Event Will Be Interesting
BREAK EVEN OX SERIES
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up:
Beltirg. Hors». Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— First Mason. 110 (Watsn) 1 12 13
5 to 1— Fred Leppert. W (Ntcol) 4 3 4 2 10
7 to 5 — Harmakls. U7 (Ric?> '2 2 1 3 6
Time. 1.+4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Oats Kros.' ch. h. (4) by First Mat>—
Ma;ii>la Mason. Terra Firma J12. Fenyon 01,
Byron Rose 1UI. finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE -One and an eighth mil»»:
three-year-old* and up:
Bttting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Caithnesr, 05 (Stovall).'. B t :i In
« to 1— Zella Knight, 05 <H.And) 1 3 3 2 B
9 to 2 — Booster, 104 (J.Conway) 7 4 20 3 OTJ
Time. 2:00. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner, J. T. Lengel"$ br. m. (5) by Atheltng Raj -
Queen of Scots. Eocrys 07, Murmur f>-"!.
Charlts D 1C2. Salivate 07. Leenja 05. Ada X
10*), finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds
and up:
Bating. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
Even —Elastic. 12» (Dale) 113 15
25 to 1 — Floral Wreath. 110«Fo!ey> 3 2 1 » J2 >i
3 to 1 — C!»ar tho Arena. 101 iNic) 4 :i 2 3 4
Time. 1:17. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. Lemp & Co.'s b. h. (7) by Gold-n
(Jarter-MUs Modred. Red Thistle 1CTJ W P.
Palmer 103. Rebo 1C3. Ice Water 112, ' finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE — One and thr*e-stscte;n,th,
miles; Independence handicap; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Monte Bank.0* (Lind.«ey) 0 2 Vj 1 2
5 to 1 — Taby To»a,104 (W. Wtsn) 5 3 2 2 Hi
8 to 1— Forehand, o:t NIcol) 6 4 7 3 1',
Time, 2:04'..;.. Start good. Won eastly. Wln
nef, J. W. Schorr's ch. c. (.1) by Sir Modretl-
Woodfonl Filly. Sambo 10», Jack Toung 101.
LUht Opera 0-'S. Bernays 111. Warta Xlcht lo:;.
South Breeie S7, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Three-year-olds and up; ona
mile and seventy yards:
Betting:. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fl:<.
2t- to 1— Nettie Regent. 0» <L.Wll)l. 1 .{ t m
10 to 1— I^dy Fonse, 87 (H.Andsn)5 2 :i 2 2
10 to 1— Easter Walters.7J*(J.Hensy)9 3 5 a 4
Time, 1:501.}. start good. Won easily.
Winner, Martin & Walker's ch. m. (7). by
Montana Regent-Nettie Beatrice. Tony Len
plng 0«. Pomney 1C«. Billy Moore 101, Pertt
john 105. Lady Matchless 100. Ivernia 07, Bu' 1 
cleuth 10K. Quaker Girl 88, Vlsscndlne 90. fhi-
Ished es named.
SECOND RACE— Three-year-olds and up; six
furlongs :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
t tO J— gveninff Star. 108 (Troxlr)i 2 2 11
5 to 1— Potter. 102 (D. Austin)... 8 1 a 2 n
13 J' <>1 ~ SK1 Silver, 102 (Kowell)...9 31 3 4
Time. 1:1* Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. H. S. Gear & Cos. ch. m. (5) by Loyallat-
SKV*«JS I 1 ' .^dy R o v ««. Radium SP, Dallas
1O.{. Fitzbrlllar 1<«, Alflo 1GJ, Alice Turner
1W, Uswo U». Boundlins 10O. Jimalong It*.
finished as named.
FIRST RACE— Two-year-olds; fire furlonga:
potting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
13 to 1— Wiliowdene. 1C3< W.Watsn)5 1 ;l 13
12 to 1— Fay T.mpleton.05(McLgaM- 2 *i 2 H
i, to 1— Franco. 101 (N'icol) 2 3 1"-,:; 7
Time, 1:04 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Oots Bros', ch. c. by Goodrich-Mary
«« V s ; ,. Dar ,tnula 9a. Sonya 00. La Prlnctsa
'JO. Zulelka dOr 00. Garret Wilson 101, Ti-.»
Doctrew J»5. Hersian 05. Hadrtan 101. Um
erick Girl 100. Weber-Fields 104. Azelia 1(H.
finished as na:rtil,
ST. LOUIS, July 4.— Over a track
sloppy from recent rains J. "W. Schorr's
Sir Modred, colt Monte Bank, at 20
to 1, spread-eagled his field in the In
dependente Handicap tfiis afternoon at
the fair grounds. The winner went to
the front early in the race and led all
the way. Game Taby.Tosa. in going
he did not like, ran second, but had no
chance to get up at the end. Fore
hand, which recently beat Monte Bank,
was third.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAWTHORXE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 4. — The entries for
to-morrow at Hawthorne follow: ?•
First race, six furlongs — Away Right 107,
Maud Moser 107.. Seven Oaks 107 Sarna 107,
My Alice 107, Ayr 1&\ Dragoon -100. W. E.
Easterwood 112, Freertas 117. Brand New 110.
Second race, handicap steeplechase, short
course — Miss Brandon 130, Donaml 135,
Schwarzwatd 12«. Creolin 1SS, Falella 140.
Handvlce 140. Montanic 152. (Schwarzwald
and Creolin, Corrigan entry.)
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Mexzo 100. Louisville 102, Bill Massie 104.
Federal 104. Bummer II 107. Glassfull 10S, Or
feo 110. Birch Broom. 111. Crestfallen 112.
Fourth race, six furlonijs — Sylvia Talbot 105,
Flying Ship 105, Cardinal Wolsey 107. Ethel
Wheat 107. The Lady 107. Walnamolnen 107,
Ahola 100. A. D. Gibson 100, Money Muss 100,
Skillful 110.
Fifth, race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Albany Girl 1C0, Hudson 102. Emma A. M.
102. King's Court KM. Don't Ask Me 105.
Pearl Diver 105, Celebration 107. Handley Cross
100. Sockdolanger 103.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Green
Gown 1A5. Allen Avon If5. Lady Goodrich 103.
Michael Byrnes 10S. Tartan 108. Florentine
10S. Ivan the Terrible 1C8. La Londe 115.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
• HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicaso Inter Ocean.
First Race — Brand New, Ayr, Dra
goon, y
Second Race— Montanic, Hand vice,
Creolin.
Third Race — Glassful, Mezzo, Bum
mer II;
Fonrth Racc^ — Wainamoincn, Skill
ful. The Lady.
Fifth Race — Hnndley Cross, Hnd
son, Don't Ask 31 e.'
Sixth Race — La Londe Florentine,
Allen Avon.
FIFTH RACE — One and a half miles, three
year-olds and up. selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2 — Rossmond, 99 (Oregar). 2 2 5 1 '-j
5 to 2— Maj Mansir. 10*( Henry) 3 lh 22
11 to 10— Alma Dufor. S5(Grnfild) 6 42 35
Time. 2:3C. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. S. Ward's ch. c. (4). by Hammon-
Larty Rospington. Jack Doyl II - t, Christina
A 02, Valeat 102. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Five-eighths of a mile, two
year-olds, purse: . .» ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. "JSt. % Fin.
« to 1— Miss Inez. 110 (Hoffler)i 3 1 3%1 H
5 to 2 — Flaxman, 110 (HelResen) 2 5 5 2 2
12 to 1— PinksrtOD. 110 (Otis) 3 2: 1 »i-'5 1 '•i
Time, 1 :01 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's blk. f. by Pirate of
Penzante-Lady Inez. «Oiseau 113, Hologna IOC,
Ivan the Terrible 100, Paciflco 108, Broadway
Girl 115, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
pv.rse :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
0 to 1— Ananias. ICO (Reed). .. . ..I 11 lh
18 to 6— Calvay. 1R2 (Melntyre). . .7 31 2n
C to 1— Mlse Cra\vford.l04(Aubuch)5 2 **, SHJ
Time, 1 :41 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's ch. c. by Ocean Wave—
Veracious. !?choo!mote 100. SweetlA 104. White
Plume 104, Lonsdale 100. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up, purne:
Bettin?. Horse. Weight. JocV>'- St. *i Fin.
11 to 2— McGee 107 (Larseri)... 2 3 1 lh
0 to 5— Bad News. 100 (Kelly)... I 11 2 4
6 to 5— Colonial Girl. 100 (Pollk) 4 2 2V^3 IVx
Time, 1 :54 Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Ed Ccrrlgan's b. c. (4). by White
Knight -Jtemorse. Ton3o!uca 101, Horatins 107,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — One mile; three-year-olds;
purpe:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Flu.
7 to 1— Exclamation, 100 (Henry). 2 ll'iln
•'5 to 1— Jerry Lynch, 100 <Ollphant)5 2 3 2 «
3 to 1— Merry Pioneer. lC5(C.Kelly)l 3h :5 2
Time, 1:42 2-5. ,Srart good. Won. driving.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. c. by Pessara-Hericd
Golden Mineral 100, Atlantic 1C9 Edward
Hale 102, San Remo 102. finished ae named.
CHICAGO, July 4.— Turf patrons cel
ebrated the Fourth at Hawthorne to
day with loyal enthusiasm. The crowd
began pouring into the track enclosure
early, and long ' before the bugle
sounded for the opening dash the spa
cious grandstand and lawn were filled
to their seating and standing capacity.
The weather was perfect and the track
good but not fast.
The feature of the card was the vace
at 1 1-8 miles, in which Colonial Girl,
McGee and Bad News hooked up. They
had the race to themselves. Colonial
Girl was . favorite at 6 to 5 with Bad
News second choice at 2 to 1 and Mc-
Gee at 5. But little money was
played on the others. To a bad start
Bad News and McGee were off in front
and were soon joined by Colonial Girl.
Bad News and Colonial Girl set the
pace around into the stretch, where
McGee came with a rush and in a
driving finish won on the wire by a
"head from Bad News. Coloni^ Girl
was four lengths back. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds
and ud; selMng:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
9 to 5— Grand. 00 (Ollphant) « 3 'i 1 8
- 0 to 1— Freckman. 97(Llvin«ston)14 9 2 2 Vi
12 to 1— Watermelon. ICO (Reed).. 1 8 >4 3 h
Time. 1:15 2-5. start gocd. Won in a can
ter. ¦ Winner, T. C. McDowell's b. c. (3) by
DeceJver-Brtgerta. Kinging Master 100, Free
sla9 OS, Noral 85, Prince of Pllstn 10.1. Clarion
1C5, Great Eastern OS, Vinctides 108, Miss An
thony 08. Commander 100, Shower 03, General-
Steward 100, Dr. Leland 100, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Fifth race — Bobadll, Stonewall,
Lathcron.
Sixth race — Rosetlnt, Aurumaster,
Wild Thyme.
i By the New Tork Morning Telegraph.
first race— Bulwark, Jack McKeon,
Thirty-Third.
Second race — Ancestor, Graceful,
Grand Opera.
Third race — Bennlngton entry,
Sparkling Star, Veto.
Fourth race— Ort Wells, Graziollo,
St. Valentine.
SHEErSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
SEVENTH RACE — One mile and a quarter;
handicap; three-year-olds and upward:
B«tting. Hcnse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— The Cricket, fUHPhltllps) 3 11 11%
4 to 1— Leader. 112 (Hildebrand) 5 2 1 2 3
2 to 1— Carbuncle, 111 (Redfern) « 6 2 3 2'4
Time. 2:00 4-5. Start ralr. - Won handily.
Winner. Chelsea Stables' blk. g. by PesRara-
Dora S. Shorthose. Briganri, Illyria Flor
ham Queen, finished as named.
SHEEPSHEAD RAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 4.— The Law
rence Realization stakes* will be the
feature to-morrow at Sheepshead Bay.
Ort ."Wells will carry top weight. The
day's entries:
First race, five and a half furlongs two
year-old?, stlling— Legatee 112, InvadeV 112.
Arras 112, Martha Gorman 111 Tramator 100,
Jack McKeon 107, Thirty-third 105 Bulwark
104, Graylad 102. Ike S 102, Jerry O 102, Idle
Hour 09. Pink Garter 00.
Second race, six furlongs, main track. handi
cap—Hurst Park 120, Gay Boy 113. Grand
Opera 111. Grey Friar 10S, Stalwart 1C8.
Spring. 107, Arcade 106, Mineola 103, Ancestor
1«», Kohinoor 100, John F 100, Witchcraft tfu,
Schoharle 97, Stamping Groilnd 97, Graceful
»7. Monte Carlo 00, Tel San S8.
Third rare, six furlongs. Futurity course,
TKe Double event — Song and Wine ?>, Blandy
122. Councilman 122. Amherjack 122. Spark
ling Star 122. Veto 112. (Song and Wine and
B!andy, Bennlnston entry.)
Fourth race, one mile and fiv<» furlongs. The
Lawrence Realization stakes — Ort Wells 12ft,
Graziallo 122, Ostrich 122. Rapid Water 116,
St. Valentine Ufl, Mercury 113. (Ort Wells
and Rapid Water. Drake entry.)
, Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing— Hlroeelf 105, Reveille 102, Ethics 101,
Stonewall 101, Sir Roche 101. Aurumaster 100,
Requiter 00, Possession 00 Dimple Ort Lather
on 04. Allan 03, Garnish 90 BobadU 00.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles on
turf, handicap— Sweet Alice 118. Rouetlnt 115.
HortensU 115, Wild Thyme 115. Gold Dome
111. Stamping Ground 109. Aurumaster 107,
New York 107 Philippine 107. St. Gallen 105.
Illyria 105, Stllicho 104, W. B. Faslg 100.
Weather clear; track fast.
£ SIXTH RACE— One mile, three-year-olos
and upward, celling: •
0 to 1— Old England. D8(Travers) 1 11 11^
12 to 1— Chamtilaln, 00 (J. Jones) 2 2 li 2 ."'A
0 to 5 — Hello. 1C5 (O'Neill) O 5n 3 h
Time, 1:30 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. D. Sullivan'o b. g. by Goldfinch-
Queen Best. Bardolph. Sabot. Gen. Roberts,
Namtora, Little Em, Silver Daya, Toupee. All
Gold, Neither One, W. B. Fasig, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile, three-year-olds
and upward, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Palm Bearer. 0!> (Philps) 1 2 2 1 l'i
2 to 1 — Dick Bernard, flSCTravrs) S 6 3 2 2'
15 to 1 — Gay Lothario.100(Wft!sh) 5 4 h S Va
Time. l::J3 4-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. K. R. Thomas* en. c. bv Hortwi-oi>»-
Handmald. ClncinnatU3, Letola. Palm Reader
Tepee. WyefWd, Thistle Heather. Tom Cod,
Agnes, finished as named. .
FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth;
the Long Island handlcap;_three-year-olds and
upward :
Betting. Hor.«e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
£0 to 1— Daingerfleld, 120 <Martn) 2 4 h 1 l^i
8 to 5— High Ball, 115 (Adam).. 8 6 2 2n
7 to 1— Hurst Park. 126 (Shaw) 6 2 3 .16
Time, 1:53. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. W. B. Lewi's blk. h. by Handsprtng-Mon
drolt. Salvatella. Injjold. Buttons. Sweet Alice.
Dolly Spanker, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs, on Futurity
course; the Verr.al; two-year-old flllles:
Betting. Horse. Welrht. Jftckry. St. : ". Fin.
11 to 5 — Tradition, 107 (Travers)..2 8"\i 1 IVi
fl to 1 — Fancy Dress, JOT (Redfern)l 1 V» 2 '£
3 to 1— ChrysttiB, 122 (O'Neill) 5 4h » h
Time 1:02 1 -ft. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, S. Paget's b. f. by Goldflnch-Reclare.
Mlrthlesr. Schulamite, Diamond Flush. Incan
tation, Belle Sauvage finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlonge; purse; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weijtht. Jockey. St. % Fin.'
5 to 1— Lecnldas, 112 (Redfern).-.8 .1/1 lh
40 to 1 — boid of the Vaie. MS(^haw)5 4 •£ 2 5
2 to 1— Hamburg Belle, 117 <Hild)4 S li 3 h
Time, 1:12 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, E. E Smmhers' br. c. by Hamburg-
Boise. Knight Errant, Lady Amelia. Lux
CastR. Roefiampton, Harrangue, Only II, Jack
O Lantern finished as named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, July 4.— The
Long Island handicap should- take rank
as the feature of ; the card at the track
this afternoon as included .among the
starters were Highball, winner of the
American Derby and of the Spindrift
stakes; Major Daingerfleld, conqueror
of "Africander and of Hermis'''on a
heavy track,/ and Hurst Park, the
stout, game horse with a recent good
record. The, outcome was, however, a
disappointment to the players of public
form, as the race was won by Major
Daingerfleld. This was due partly to
the interference suffered by the favor
ite, -Highball, on the clubhouse turn,
where, from a poor beginning, he fell
back to a bad last.
The Cricket proved to be the "good
thing" in the mile and a quarter race
on the turf. He led all the way. Such
fast horses as Leader and Carbuncle
finished behind him. The Cricket is
trained for his owners by John Allen,
who handled F. Ambrose Clark's sta
ble of cross-country hordes last year."
FIRST RACE— About two arul a half miles;
the. Independence steeplechase; a handicap lui
three-year-olds and up: • • .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, at. »i Flh.
5 to 2— Fox Hunter. 148 (Ray). ..4-1 4 t'fttt
15 to 1— Kedpath, 139 (Vtitch)... .7 2 10 '£ ::0
30 to 1— AVhinemy, 1H5 (O'DonnellXi 21&18
Time, 5:00 3-3. ' Start ' fair. v. Won cleverly.
; Winner, ¦ T. Hitchcock Jr'i». eh, g. by GmcJ^n
Dawn-Winona. Adjidaumo, Top Gallant. Jl
Campbell, Callp, Alum Water finished as
named. .
Special Dirpatcb to The Call.
Oakland and San Francisco
; Clubs : Meet in v Close Con
tests at Golden Oate Park
Derby -Winner Crowded at
Turn ani Race Is Woir by
¦\,-. Ma j or Daiiigerfi eld.
Ed Corrigan's McGee Defeats
Colonial Girl at Haw
thorne Track.
Monte Bank, at Long Odds,
Spreadeagles His Field
at St. Louis.
SCOTS DEFEAT
CITY BOWLERS
CHANCES OF HIGHBALL ARE RUINED
AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY
PONIATOWSKI CHALLENGE GOLF CUP
IS WON FINALLY BY MISS WHITTELL
MACGAVIN WRESTS STATE TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP FROM GRANT SMITH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -TUESDAY, JULY ' -5, 1904;
FAIR COMPETITORS WHO WERE
VICTORIOUS YKSTERDAY AT
TENNIS AND GOLF.
11
1899 — Miss Alice Moftttt,
1900 — >ii>s Caro Crockett.
1901 — Mrs. R. Gilman Broun.
1902 — Miss l?uth Underhill.
1903 — Miss Florence Whittell.
1904 — Miss Florence Whittell.
PONIATOWSKI CUP
ROLL OF HONOR
A chemical adulteration. nt
3 ¦ Bottled beers, es well as food products, are often sdnl- y
. ¦ terated with chemical preservatives, etc., which for awhile «
0 keep them from ' souring, but are injurious to the stomach. m
B A. B. C. BEER is guaranteed to be absolutely pare and Mi
1 free from any adulterant whatever. It is never exposed to ff
A the air (which is germ-laden) but is brewed, fermented and |
S s^ ed ' or e ' gn l mon^' * in air-tight compartments, then piped in I
0 tin-lined pipes direcc to the air-tight bottling machines, where a
B it is bottled, sealed, pasteurized and packed /pr 'shipment. W
JEvkm A#« %*f* r!
y The only beer bottled exdusively at the Brewery, H
¦ therefore the only bottled beer that can be absolutely guaranteed. y 1
1 The American Brewing Co., St. Louis, U. S. A. II
1 HILBERT.: MERCANTILE CO^ U
Jf ¦ i , Wholesale Dealers. '- HTHE SAN FRANCISCO y.GALLV TUESDAY, JULY 5, .190*.
12
DRESSMAKERS AKO SEAMSTRESSES
| McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
' Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1018 Mkt.
> FIRST-CLASS dressmaking or will go out;
* $2 per day. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint 14SG.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaitlng. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management.' Com-
' bined • course, $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day, evening. Bancroft bldg.. T2S
Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
; moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
; St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West,
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
| more performances and secures more engage-
ments for fctudents than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
; A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, ' C02 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, ev'g: Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, 8.
F.. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions ; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1433 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
rnan uliorthana. typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lesson* dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Vatencia and Guerrero, i
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
I ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeplng.fhorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons, 25c .half hour. MRS PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
YOUNG German wishes to learn English;
• pleate state particulars. Box 3170, Call.
, KENT Law School; day and nierht; send for
particulars. 536 Parrott building.
A BRANCH of doe of The Call for the reception
«-f alvcrtisf ments and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposlts Fifth.
Or»r until 11 p. m.
"^EJIPLOYMEVr OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S, IMURA. 83!* Sacramento. Tel. Jamea B2«l.
aAoKPHEUM Employment Office*— Japanese-
• Chl-nts; help. 426 Powell *t. ; tcl. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best Tielp at
Leon Seung's. 411 H O'Farrall; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton-
best help. Fritz TamaKakl.mjr.; tel Bush 853.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315, Stockton: Main 318S.
CHINFSR and Japant-so help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l'.»07. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
jgMi'Loyansvr wa.\tkd — fk.malk.
RESPECTABLE woman. Is a good cook and
laundrer. In a private American family: will
go a short way in country; likes children:
from $15 to $20; wll! give reference. 47
Shipley st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper in refined home of not more than two;
Boci home main consideration; town or coun-
try. Bex o'2Q7, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
firexs; $125 a day; no postals answered. 549
Minna st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A RESPECTABLE young woman with a email
child would assist with light housework for
room and board. Call at 4517 Eighteenth.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position to do
housework; wages $1L*. Box 1533, 1C08 Mar-
RELIABLE woman wishes work where she
can take girl of 44 years; ctty or country; $S
to $10. Addrcne box 3227, Call office.
A YOUNG German Jewish girl, 15 years old,
wants position for light housework; wages
$10. 302 Sixth st. •
GOOD cook wishes situation for downstairs
¦work; city or country. 2207 H Pine st.
A GERMAN girl wishes a position as cook; $30
453 Polk 6t.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or sweeping; $1 50 and car-
farc. Address box 3203. Call office.
NURSE masseuse would like position to wait
on invalid, or would take confinement cases;
would not object to leaving city; references;
• terms reasonable. Box 1495. Call.
SWEDISH woman, willing to work, wisl e» a
ipw hours' work by the Jay. I'i3 California
<»vc> . dov. n tairs.
A YOUNG woman would like work by the
day. Address box 1470, Call office.
YOUNjG girl wishes to take care of children
during vacation. 1343 Fifteenth ave.
A STRONG woman wishes worK by the day as
hous»-cleaner. Box 3175. Call office.
A SWEDISH girl wants position to do general
housework; wage* $25. Call at 41 Clara st.
JAPANESE slrl wants a position to do plain
cooking and housework. 534 Castro st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church *ts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister St.
EMPLUVllU.VT WAXTEU MALts.
SOBER, reliable man desires steady place doing
chores around place; understands porter work
and Is very good with horses;"can milk. 21)00
Fillmore st.
NURSE <male) requires position; graduate
training school; 6 years' experience mental
cases; first-class references. DURHAM 12U5
Market st.
A POSITION as coachman wanted by middle-
aged American; thorough horseman; under-
stands care of cows.lawns.ctc. Box 3229. Call.
BARBER, young man, sober, wants short-hour
Job. Box 3205, Call office. , ¦
WANTED— Steady position by flret-claas bar-
/ ber. Phone Capp 3901.
GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly com-
petent In all branches of horticulture; un-
der glass and outside; S years In last posi-
tion; with best of recommendations. Box
1451. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller. 18 years' experience mining
stationary, marine, power plants, factories
wants position or work at home. Box 31Cl'
Call office. *^ '
A NON-UNION English-American wishes
place as steward, butler. Janitor or waiter
or In any other like capacity; thoroughly un-
derstands his business; reasonable wares h-
pected. Box 3174. Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex
perlcnced, good workman, sober, steady un-
derstands his business, wants work- $3 dav
Box 14S5, Call office. * y "
A FIRST-CLASS hotel steward; thoroughly
experienced; American and European plan-
best of references; Eastern and California"
houses. Box 8164, Call of flee.
YOUNG colored man, thoroughly experlenjod,
wishes posit-.on as elevator operator; public
building or hotel; temperate; does not gam-
MARRIED man wishes situation as manager
or foreman of dairy or ranch; long experi-
ence; can give best of references. Box 3101.
Call office. ,'¦_.. ¦ . ¦
MAN and wife; man good camp cook, wife
general work around camp. H. R.. 604%
Third St.. room 10.
WANTED— By an elderly man. work around
saloon; understands bai tending. Box 3151
Call office. ¦
YOUNG man, first-class penman, wants po-
sition as assistant bookkeeper in city. Box
1406. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants "placn to help around'
wholesale house; drive light delivery; handy •
with tools. H.. 615 Larkln st. - .
POSITION as stock clerk in wholesale house
Box 1425. Call. .
POSITION wanted . as Janitor. Box 1400. Call.
WANTED— Position as salesman. 116 Fourth
. street. . :. . . ;.''.¦ : .
YOUNG gentleman "wants position; will do any
kind of work. Box 1458. Call office.
POSITION wanted by' man and wife as cooks i
In hotel or camp. Box 1472. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a flm-clasa cook In '
, Xamily; single. 735 Jackson st. .
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.^ '
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050:
. S Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sau — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one houi's ride from city; nne chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st. /
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locxsmith business;
central location; established 9 years; rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR 6ale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
FOR exchange — Lot. 23x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WANTED — To buy a grocery, either with or
without bar; one that will stand close In-
vestigation. Address box 1402, Call.
FOR SALE — Hotel in Paso Robles. furnished
complete and paying a good profit. Address
for particulars, box 2CS9, Call office.
TEA and coffee route In San Francisco for
sale; a good class of customers and good
profit. Box 2C09, Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery and delicatessen; a good
clean stock of goods: average business, $31 50
per day. Box 1403, Call office.
CANDY and notion store for sale In Ala-
meda: close to public school; good trade.
Address box 1499, Call office.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man for 1 steady
place; will pay $90 a month; price $250. 632
Market, room 6-
FOR cale — Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars Inquire
600 Third et., S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
MAN wants $500; can make ?200» year easy.
Particulars, 30 Geary St.. room 17.
FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average ?22 dally. Box 14S2, Call office.
GROCHHY store In Oakland for sale; good lo-
cation. Particulars box 14(54. Call office.
FOR sale — Fine grocery, also liquors: pan leg
going East. Corner Duncan and iSuerraro.
$350— DAIRY an<l delicacy store, with living
rooms. Apply 379 Hayes st.
PAPER route for sale; 500 subscribers. Ap-
ply newx atfont. Point Richmond.
A BRANCH office of The Call' for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
epe-ipd at IOCS Market 6t.. opposite Filth.
Oper. until 11 p. tn.
LOIJtHXi-HOUSUS KOK SALK~
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 E^lciy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomins- houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first -clays condition; flood furniture and car-
pet?; clearing flow S2C0 per month: If run
transient can clear $. - ilMJ to $M."l> per month;
here is best proposition in city; price j$a^00.
90. room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent: most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lea«e; every appoint-
ment heart could wirh; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room fiat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
1C8 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnlshfd, up-to-date rooming-house: has fire
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric 'elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $300 per
month: one of the best buys In the city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $C00; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $.10o per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Ucrkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms: rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness: must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house: well furnished:
clearing $. r )C0 to $(',00 per month; must sell on
account of other business; on'y. with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balunce time; price $000.
105 rooms; cheap rent: first-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand rew building; elegantly fur-
nished: chebp rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $100 r.er month; $4C<»0 down, balancc/8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $143; new and elegantly 'fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment -
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease, paying $500 to $U0o per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain It taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Lar^e list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
MARION GRIFFIN,
• " ' ' '
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3C07.
Roominc-houses and hotels . for sale.
Eleven rooms; brand new furnishings; house
Just painted, inside' and out, and freshly pa-
pered; thoroughly respectable: good downtown
location; bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
Twelve rooms, on Post fit.; splendid location;
house Is like private home; large yard; offered
very cheap If sold soon; see this.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Some good houses, large and small, for
;¦_-•; exchange.
Office building; all rented; clears $90 month;
very expensively furnished; everything new; 3-
year lease; for. the tame money no piece of
real estate In Pan Francisco would return one-
half the Interest this chattel property will
yield. , y .. r MARION GRIFFIN.
The grandest 80-room 'apartment-house In
San Francisco; every room light and sunny;
modern in all particulars; private baths with
every suite; tastefully and elegantly furnished:
everything of the best; long lease; cheapest
rent In the city for hou»e of similar character;
suitable terms; a bargain. For sale exclusively
by " MARION GRIFFIN.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
If so get full particulars at office of one of
the best 40-room transient houses In S. F.:
located in heart of most respectable transient
district; you are sure ' to make $200 . to $300
net profit monthly and $3250 Is all we'aak.
LOOK AT THIS.
18 rooms: fine double bay-window house; well
furnished; clearing $C0 per month: price only
$000; actually worth and should sell for $1000.
130-room hotel; 9»year-lcaa» at only $5 per
room; new and modern In every detail; ele-
gantly and substantially furnished; monthly
profits average over $500; buy now and be pre-
pared to take care of the great crowds that are
sure to winter here.
CALL at our office; 1000 hotels and lodging-
houses to select from; we guarantee titles.'
2_ MARION GRIFFIN.
LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms, for sale; pays
$75 per month over expenses; full all the
time. BOX-26C3, Call office. / ¦ ,
GOOD paying, lodging-house 32 rooms, for
sale; low rent. Box 8581, Call office.
A _ R . OOM l Na - hous e tor Eale near Powell and
Ellis; 44 rooms; rent $200: lease, etc Box
1481. Call oMce, . ,'
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MAI.K.
WANTED— Position as bartender. Apply CARL
MACKART. Prescott Hous« : ;
; Painter, paper-hanger, signwrlter, wants work:
tools fur. 1272 Folsom St.: phone Mint 131.
A JAPANESE good honest boy wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy in city. YAMAJIOTO. care
Japanese Mission. 1323 Pine st.
A JAPANESE counle want places; man as
i plain cook; wife do housework or wait on
table; wages $33 up mo. H. M-. 451 Jessie st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position in
i small family: good cook; best reference.
T. Y.. 256 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE, good boy, wants position: any kind
work.or half days:good.cook.Call 1020 Larkln^
YOUNG Japanese gentle boy wishes situation,
housework; wages $6 a week. Address YAM A,
2106 Flllmore st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position as a
housework?r. Japanese Mission Home, 22
Prospect place, city; tel. Jones 1391. '
A YOUNG Christian Japanese boy wants posi-
tion of any kind In a small family. M.
YAMAKAWA. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght St.
JAPANESE, understands English, Franci and
Chinese, recently arrived, wishes poi.tlon to
do work In nice family; $5 week. J71 Bush.
AN experienced Japanese for general house-
work only wants a position; $23 to $30
menth. JOHN KADOWAKI. 1028 Polk st.
A JAPANESE good boy wants situation as
* schoolboy or houseworker in family. M., 741
Post st.; tel. Sutter 1731.
JAPANESE wants work, morning or evening. 6
Pratt place, off California St.. city.
JAPANESE boy wants to care for garden and
hone in country. M. M., 723 Geary st., 5. F.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. . -
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE SIcALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will gave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 213-259
Geary st., on the square.
NOE, 1C30 — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner:
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
iow rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth -«t cars.
CENTRAL ave., 71— 'Sunniest, cheapest, up-to-
date flat; 6 large rooms and bath; must be
seen to be appreciated; $2S.
$18 — 6 ROOMS and bath; high basement -
sunny all day; 22>'i Thirtieth st. PATTER-
PON, Examiner building.
NEW corner flats, close tr» park; 8 rooms;
bath: tinted; all sunny. $27 50. B st. and
Fourth ave.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms, bath and basement.
2023 Fifteenth St.. near Church; rent $23.
BROADWAY. 1255. n»ar Hyde — Neat sunny
flats. 3 larK* rooms. $11.
CLAYTON. 619'i, near Halght— Lower 3
rooms; rent cheap: 3 blocks from G. G. Park.
EIGHTH ave.. 1229 (Sunset) — Lower floor of 1
large rooms; chicken house: $14.
FELL. 3S2. near Octavia — Modern sunny lower
flat. 3 rooms and bath.
FILLMORE. 1124. corner— 7 rooms, all light
and large; modern; upper story; rent $4i».
FLATS to let or furniture for ssie. near Park.
Write KROFF. 5 Ne,w Montgomery st.
HAIGHT. 458. near Flllmore — Flat of 4 sunny
rooms, yard and basement: rent $13.
HAIGHT. 371— Upper flat, 7 sunny rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery st.
MASONIC ave.. 1317. nr. Waller— Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date upper flat. 7 rooms, bath; reas.
MINNA. 735»A. near Ninth — Fine flat, 6 rooms
and bath; cheap.
SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms and bath; 1132
Green St.. half a block from Hyde-st. cars.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; large yard. 714 Natoma
St.. near Ninth.
TO LET — 251CA Polk St.; modern upper flat. 4
rooms and bath.
4-ROOM and 6-room modern cor. sunny flats-
all light; $22 50-$37 50. 24tr> and Valencia.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET— Fl'RMSHED.
THE Lorenzo, 41 Octavia — The lightest, best
arranged flats In th* city; one 3 and one 4
rooms, private bath; convenient location;
summer rates. \
HAIGIIT. 129S. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and is situated In
eelect neighborhood.
CAPP, 614 — 5 sunny desirable rooms; gas and
coal ranee; piano.
AN elegantly furnished, eunny apartment flat.
near Van Ness ave: six rooms. Box 3173. Call.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FOR SALE — Furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bath; down town. Box 1427. Call office.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale; nearly
new: rent ?27 50. Box 3500. Call office.
GREATEST bargain in city; 6 rooms, bath;
piano optional. 2570 Market St.
FPRMTt'RE FOR SALeI "
YOU' can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 BO
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
Ander. on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices.
FOR SALE — Several carpets In good condition
Box 1419. Call office. ¦
FOR SALE— A chiffonier nearly new. Address
box ."591. Call office.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat for sale. Box
_2C70. Call office.
FURNITURE, stovee. bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencla.nr.ieth.Tel.Church 3879
FtiRXITURE WASTED.
~~~~~ ABE LEVY. ~~~ ~~~~~~~"
Salesroom, 11. ".5 Market st. Tel. Jevsle 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until yuu get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpeta.gtc. 7S2 Mission: teL Bush 413.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — German or French cook, no wash-
ing, $10; cock, small hotel, country, $40;
second cook, springs, fare paid, $40; waitress
am! parlor maid, near San Rafael. $30 call
early; waitress, hotel. $3O; 4 cooks, German
stylo. $30; girls for housework, city and coun-
try. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 330 Sutter st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
3 positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In Wrst. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
1 A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmer*
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up :
day and evening clasa. 143 Stockton st., r. 13."
Halrdresslng. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous .Lair- 13 •» '
whs.; day. eve. class; positions secured, highest
wages. Removed from 123G Mkt, to 133 Pow7ll.
WANTED— Youngf lady in a comedy sketch'
• oX, d ° » •£— •&
W^ N m EE^"^ d - es^ tc> dem °nstrate: permanent
position: this ad. will only be In until
•Wednesday. 973 A Geary gt.
WANTED— A girl for general ' housework and
plain cooking; wages $20. Apply 1813 Pine st.
"^'iso^H^de^t 1 for second work and v waiting.
"lyS "s^twefl CentnU
T Chut : e7^ D n £ ma w H S P«'°«ners. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p.m.. w ednesday; salary, no object.
HELP WA.XTED— PEMALE— Cos.
¦ WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry good* wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS".
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing lmmedlauij,
box 3163. Call office.
WANTED — Lady who understands music;
balary $00O per year; flrat-class referene»>»
required; university society. Box 1433. Call.
GIRL for general housework. 1000 Mission st.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops tn August.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..S.F.
ADVEP.TI3EMKNTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch of fice.ccr. Duncan and Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
it advertisements and subscriptions has b*»n
opened at 1008. Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Op^n until 11 p. m.
HELP 1VAATEO — MALE.
AT C.R.HANSEN & CO'S.. Employment Afta.
429 Bush st.. 642 Clay st.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Muckers. $73.
Teameters, $73.
Laborers, $75.
Drillers. |90.
Concrete mixers, $90.
Far* refunded after 10 days' work.
Teamsters. Clark's new Salt Lake R. It. la
Southern California, near Lcs Angeles, $60.
Special rate, far* $4 C3.
Gardeners, farmers milkers, $30 $13.
Cook, xnlnlc; boardlsf-hcusa, fare paid, 150,
SCO.
Second cook R. R. eating-house, fr*» fare. $40.
Baker's helper, summer resort, $30.
Walter and waitress, summer resort. $30.
Cooks, porters, bellboys, dishwasher*, ctty
and country. $15-$C0.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Ag-a:».
429 Bush st. 642 Clay at.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAC.
643 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush 83.J. JOHN L. DRECH3LEW.
PART FREE FARE NEW WORK
13 laborers, that's you, ship to-day, $43
found, long Job. south la mountains.
8 teamster^ see boss here. f2 80 day. ci-a?
fare.
We have the best proposition to ship to
NEVADA — Dcn't fall to see' ua to-day.
13 milkers and farmers. $30 to $40 found;
10 laborers, new work. $2 30 day; 3 tunnel-
men. $3 15 day; S drillers. $2 day found;
donkey engineer, woods, $50 found;.
Are you a sawmill, yard or woodsman?
Dcn't waste your time, we us. 123 men fnr
IS different Jobs for lumber companies; 20
laborers, woods, yards and mills; 2 carpen-
ters' helpers; 2 machine miners; ft labor-
ers;, pipe line. $43 found; D laborers; tele-
phone gang $45 found; cook, ranch: 2 second
bakers. tli> week. $43 and found; B milkers.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY"
Phone Main 1191. 633 Commercial st.
Nevada, the land of bis wages.
Look: Teamsters. $2 87; laborers, $2 50; eoa-
erete men. $2 Ju; drillers. $3 13; the boss is
here and gives you written guarantee your
fare will be paid back In 10 daya,
Florence. Arizona*
Ship to-day; big wages; fare $10 30; se« us
on this early to-day.
CLARK RAILROAD.
Special car going to-night; coma and Join
them; fare $4 6ft
FREE FARE.
20 laborers. $60. lonr Job, 8 hour* work: 13
laborer?, quarry work. 50c fare. $3 20 day;
30 woodchoppers. see boss here. 4-foot wood
$1 50 cord, steady work, tools, furnished;
agents $f.o month and all expenses; stenog-
rapher. $t0; milkers. $35 and f d. ; ranch
hands. $S0 and fd.; cooks, waiters and dish-
washers.
2 PLUMBERS for country. « day; separator
man for country. $3.*. and board: farmers:
carriage setter. $»*> an1 found; coachman. $^3
and found; porter and warehouseman. '*.*U>;
cook and wife, country hotel. $75 and founr!-
boarding-house cook. $43 and found: fry
cook. $14 week; restaurant ccok. $16 week-
•econd cook, miners' boarding- hous*. $40 ami
found; baker's helpers; 2 hotel waiters for
country $30 and pantryman $25: pot washer.
$23; porter for resort, $23. and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT HORD A SMITHS. *
Contractors' Agents. D5 Third St.
Stableman, city, $3ft.
Teamsters, city, $1 50 and board.
Carpenter, fireman, city.
Pipe line. Monterey Co.. laborers, $2 23.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Teamsters. $2 SO; laborers. $2 50.
Boss here, gives written guarantee to
Refund fare In 10 days.
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
C02 Clay st. ; phone James 2478.
20 laborers in mountains', $2 23 day.
2 rlptaw men. box factory. $2 70 day.
2 r»jaw men. box factory. $3 day.
NEVADA — Government Work — Nevada.
Teamsters, drillers, muckers, laborers. $2 to
$2 80 day.
ANDRE'S office. 817 Stockton St.; office closed
July 4; opens Tuesday. 5th. 8 a. ra,; wanfd.
cooks, $12 to $13 a week: waiter, $.. to $12
a week; dishwashers, kltehenhands. vefteta-
blemen. $25 to $C0: second cook. Nevada
fare paid. $40: groom. $30: gardener. $3O.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r 12.
Ccok. country hotel. $60; head waiter)
$30; waiter for nurses' hall, $30.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St.. r 12
— Dishwasher, $30; bellboy. $20.
RELIABLE man, handle goods; steady •mploy-
ment: pays good; call to-day. IMS Market
St., room 1.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade:
steady work; no night or Sunday work; $23
security needed. Ap'ly 310!i Folsom. upstairs.
FTTRNITURE salesman wanted; one we!I
posted in new and second-hand goods: no
other need apply. II. SCHELLHAA9, Oakland.
BUTCHER— Fair cutter and drive wagon. 1353
Mission >t.
WANTED — Boy to learn tailoring trade: also
run errands; good pay. 230** Ninth st.
BARBERS — For sale cheap: whole, or , half in-
terest In 2-chalr shop doing good bus!ne««
Box 322S. Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop in Alameda: must be sol]
at once. 2337 Railroad iv», Alameda.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 799 Geary nt.
BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs. 202 Mc-
Allister st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. •*77 and 478. Parrott building.
SKILLED and unskilled help. Central Laun-
dry Co., 411 Shotwell st.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and H
a. m. at HALE BROS*.
WANTED — Experienced wash good* salesman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS'.
ALL '
Ven to learn tie BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; sptclal
offer and catalogue mailed free. ¦
MOHLER [ SYSTEM COLLEOE. 633 Clay at.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbtns;
• trade: Coyne Bros. Co. 3chool of Practical
Plumbing; cend for catalogue. Address 4973-3
Easton ave., St. Louis, Mo,
BARBERS of Local 14S take notice The elec-
tion of delegate to the International conven-
tion take* place Tuesday evening. July 3;
all must attenJ. JOS. R. ~LEILY. Sec.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kn<n»
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House
217 Third St.; 250 room*; 23 to 50c per night.
WANTED— 250 men to try the cleanest anJ
most comfortable lodging-house in citv, luo
to 25c. "The Beat." 607 California »V
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 ani
$1 BO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 30; we pa>»~
express or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED— Man to do Janltoh work for his
tuition in S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
WANTED— First-class window trimmer ant
card writer. Apply 417-419 Market. 2d floo».
FOR sale — Good paying 3-chatr barber shop;
$300. 222% East, bet. Howard and Folsom.
BOY wanted to run errands. Sunset Bazaar
42 Third st.
HAIGHT teaches the barber trade free at 647
Commercial st.
A profitable outing: pick hop* In August. Write.
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Batte>£ it!.3.Y.
*^*Z R 5**^ Collected: rotts ' attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. S2S Montgy. r. 413.
8A .Sg ta H < A&.53E%. "gg jBg, y }
!jg^g«y^gt5ys f s °;.u'art p :F Tt
PENSION Atty..E A. Bull!,, r.40. Phelaa bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
TER Uot V' ** ™*« *•• »•** Marl
krt— 70O rooms; 35a night: readlnc-rooma;
fre© ma aai tarsar» to and from terrx, *
I.OOCHB; HOITST5S FOR WALK Cow.
j THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
20 rooms, til men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55... .'.... 500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient..... 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
1 Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
i EITEL &. CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
I MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
; terms, large list to select from, try
! MITCHELL & CO.
. A— $5000; LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; k»pt
by owner 25 years; rent $200; lease; fine fur-
. niture; place clearing above $350 per month;
vicinity Market and Kearny sts. Box 2700,
; Call office.
FOR SALE— A fine hotel business with bar;
; at a good point on the railroad in Sisklyou
'• County; the bar alone pays well. For par-
j ticulars address, box 1493. Call office.
45-ROOM corner house; $125 rent: steady and
transient ,trade; my failing health only cause
of selling; investigation desired. Box 2G0!J,
Cal1 of"ce.
; LODGING-HOUSE. $250; rent $2* month: 33
: rooms; kept by present owner 5 years; must
cell on account of sickness. 439 Jackson st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
• life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
¦W. G. KBEGAN holds test seances ev. night
except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth et.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL "DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He Is no imitator. His work Is upon original
lines: Pure thought, clear vision. He tells
you what you desire to know and works in the
open light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
I analysis as he is for his original expression
, • and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading* is not a life reading; when
you call on Prot". Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $1; a test is of little
value; when the mind Is troubled you need
more substantial aid and advice: this Is just
what Prof. Livingstone gives you when you call
on him for a first-class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know.
Would it not be a relief to know how you
will succeed, to bo relieved of the matters
that are troubling you. and of the schemes of
your enemies, ihat you may meet with better
success?
He does not mention all the ills and misfor-
tunes you are heir to;' you are'acqualnted with
the facts in your case; let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are troubling you.
find the cause of the trouble and suggest the
remedy.
His only reason for giving your name In full
or any Important Information you may desire
Is that he does this Incidentally as a chain to
read by. •
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 423 EDDY ST.:
3 SKPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
AA — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
FAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart la true or false, whom and when
you will marry, in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition bo you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. in. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 320 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satished with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome tR?m; valuable advice In
'all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 456!).
A— MME. DE CASTRO.
Clairvoyant and Palmist.
$2 Reading This Week 50c.
A positive guarantee to tell the past, pres-
ent and future; advice on all affairs of life;
10 questions by mall $1; all troubles In life
consult me. 20CC Market st.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian peeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. S35 Howard. bet.4th&3th.
MMIC. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, creat card reader: la. 25c,
Rents 50c. !)51 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD. elalrvcyHnt, gives names, dates
and fact«: readings dally. 017 Market st.'
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card r*ader: slt-
tlngs dally. 4444 Jessie Ft., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25cl
sents We. 645 Minna st. t
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis St.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CAUPET HEATING AXD CLEAX1XG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compres3ed air at shop: prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 30$ Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-357 Teharna st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 210 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating WorkV.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
treases made over. 14.'t2 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tcl. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CSOTHPTQ aSNOVATIHQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections .made;
city or country. Pacific Collection C?., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel Main '5580.
COTTAGES • TO LET.
$22 50— S RCHJMS^alid^atnT^nTilshed~ur un-
furnished. 137 Julian ave., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
CURES EUyi'UKE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.; send for circular.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot brealc;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full set;> all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental larlors, 24 Sixth.
1 DR. LTJDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
j — No charge for extracting when plates are
¦ made; old. plates made over like new; teeth
' from $8 per Bet; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building, 1095 Market, 2d floor; all
Hrst-class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25e.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tlsts.- Dr. Perking. Mgr.. 009 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. 8urgeon-dentlst,rl4. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD -fillings. 75c: silver, 35c; crowns.* $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Suttr.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. -16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Btatea cr Canada oao year for |1.
, postage aald. . _. . ¦ v . V
AGESTg WAHTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
sery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders: outfit free; experience and capital
¦ not necessary if you have push and energy;
a few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chlco Nursery Co., Chico. Cal.
BUSINESS getters, acquainted with B. and
• L. insurance or co-operative investments,
looking for betterment, call and sc« me.
. McGARVIE. 53 Columbian bldg.,916 Market.
• AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
DETECTIVES throughout State as agents Cor
Golden Gate Detective Agency. 759 Market St.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILES — Livery, garage and! sales-
rooms; automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or sell second-
hand machines. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702.
Pacific States Automobile Co., 217 Ellis st
AUTOMOBILE for sale cheap: 3-seater: car-
ries nine persons or more; 25 horsepower; in
perfect order. For particulars Inquire of W.
J. WEATHERLY. 20 Fremont et.
WHITE touring car, used a few weeks; com-
plete top, clocks, gas lamps, etc.; must be
sold; owner leaving. Apply 613 16th. Oakland.
AUTOMOBILE for sale (Dos a Dos); good run-
ning condition. Box 1411, Call ornee,
AN auto car, 8 h. p.. for eale; first-class or-
der. Box 35T6. Call office.
THOMAS tonneau car (gasoline) for aale. Box
2613. Call office.
FOR SALE— A Crest mobile. 1904 (gasoline).
Box 1475, Call office.
FOR SALE — A gasoline runabout. Box 1492.
Call office.
KNOJ. automobile for sale; good running or-
der. Box 2C90. Call office.
WILL sell an Oldsmoblle In' good order for
?350. Box 1435. Call office.
FOR SALE — Cadillac automobile with tonneau: !
price S500. Box 1455, Call office. '
CHEAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BOAKI3IXG FOR CH1LDKEX.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will board
and care for children from birth upward;
references; reasonable terms. 1739 Milvia St.,
Berkeley; phone Dana 661.
GERMAN* woman wants children to board 100
Leavenworth st.. bet. Turk and G. G. ave.
ONE or two children; room for parent. 512
Jessie st. '
BOOKS.
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from 20ti Powell st.. to So7 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHAKCES.
A— $050: SALOON, with 8 rooms, in West
Berkeley: rent J20; location Hrst-class; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 26Ht
Kearny st.
A— $2200; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner saloons in this city;
daily receipts about ?4i>: place clears net
above $3uO per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 2GU Kearny st.
A — 53000; CORNKR saloon, elegantly fitted up:
large stock; lease; net rent {35; location
first-class and a fine paying busin'-ss ; will
stand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«S Kearny st.
A— iieOO; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent SloO; leai-e; place estab-
lished years: first-clars business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>i Keainy st.
A— 111,000; BARROOM; ownrr never clears
less than ?lutx> per month: location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
26'.i Kearny st.
A— $17M>; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3U rooms; piano. <>te. : finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 2tSU
Kearny st.
A— $0500; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75; net rent $23; fine buslnes*;
elegant fixtures; choicest stock of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. O: WILKE. 2G!i Kearny.
A— ?450; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance HaU:
5-yt-ar lease: splendid business opening. S-.e
R. G. WILKE. 2tifr Kearny st.
A— $:^KX); CORNER saloon: cloee to Sutter St.;
place estab. years: doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115: n< t rent $!«• elegant
_flxtures._£ee_R. G. WILKE. 2C>4 Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE: Roadhouse! Road"
house! .With 1:5 furnished rooms; rent $»0;
lease: a first -class paying recort. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C»4 Kearny at.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of.
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $100; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best loca-
tion in the Mission; rent $15. See R G.
WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny st.
A— 5000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cabli house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers; owner clean? about
$K5 per month. See R. G. WILKE 20^
Kearny st.
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
pood furniture; lease; place paying well. Sea
R. G. WILKE. H&Vt Kearny st.
A— $075; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke, 26 # Kearny.
$2250— FIRST-CLASS roadhouse and bar, with
cardens, etc.; 10 rooms, bath and all new
and modern; grounds 125x200; pays well: ad-
Joins Oakland; typical location. ALDEN,
123:* Broadway, Oakland.
$'J50 — COM. saloon and 4 living rooms and
bath above; good corner for business. Par-
tlculars with ALDEN. 1233 Broadway.
$2(*0— SALOON for sale, near Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland: rent $20 and lease-
owner goinjr East; good bargain. ALDEN,
120:; Broadway. Oakland.
f3TA WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $90 guaranteed; exj.erienc* unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
prestfut income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 10C7'i
Market st.. room 1.
FOR $275 — Fruit and grocery; also horse and
v.-a»on; receipts average $20 dally; party ko-
Ir.g to Europe. Inquire 1007^ Market st.
* 1 ££2n CANDY and 'ce-cream store; more than
$1050 stock; also factory; fine location- $15
daily receipts. Inquire 1007 % Market St., r. 1.
$750— BRANCH bakery, delicacy, candy , and
notion store; 4 nice living rooms and yard;
recpts $10 d.; fine cash trade. 1007 > 2 Market
WANTED — If you have real estate, improved
or unimproved: lodging-house, grocery sa-
loon, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch bak-
er}', cigar stand or a place of business of
any kind for sale, list It with THE SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 41S-419 Calla-
gban bu!lding.
$500- $5000— GROCERY and bar- bargains.
$550-»15,000— Saloons end restaurants
f-^'i 000 — Delicatessen; branch bakeries.
$10OO-$12.0OO— Rcadhouses and ranches
BERG, ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$1250 CASH or security— Established ""grocery
and liquors; splendid location; 4 living-rooms-
pood stock and trade. 535 Castro st. '
A PARTY that wants something for nothinc
6C3 Howard at. J. STEVENS.
HERE Is a chance to make money at home-
* end !? J?" 8 - H ' STUART. 415 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland, and learn how to make mir-
rors (looking-glass), bore holes In glass cut
eJass in any shape without diamond or steel
wheel; right In your own town; this is a
money-maker; satisfaction guaranteed.
$2500— PARTNER: must be respectable and
sober: good business: wholesale butter eires
and cheese route; sales $150 a day give rer
erence and what you have been doing- will
give trial. Address box 3204. Call office.
GROCERY «tore. well stocked and everything
complete for a first-class grocery business-
will sell low and on terms to eult on ac-
count of retiring from business. Addresn
box 1430. Call office.
BAKERY, with an oven of 500 loaves capacity-
will rent for" $18; fine location; the only one
In that part ot town. D. L. JUNGCK 2111
Ehattuck av*.. Berkeley. . '
$250— RETIRING partner's Interest In paying
commission business; established 1884- re
malnlng partner reliable man. Box 2647. Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar etore; must be
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 122B
Call office. Oakland. '
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 27 rooms; all
light, and . sunny; fine location: rent $lio
. Box 1412. Call office.- . - -¦¦¦-. . ." T
FOR SALE— A good paying hotel" In Hay-
wards. Box 3575. Call office. .
THE CALL
JOILV D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOIIX McXAUGHT ,3Ianacer
W. J. MARTIX Business Slanager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Pub!icaUon Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by CSfrters. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms ty Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL rtnckid. Sunday). 1 year.. .$8. 00
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILT CALL— Ey Single Month VBe
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2. BO
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1W>
_—___„ |/>aiIy...$S.8O Per Year Extra
JJ^FTG*. \ Sunday. 4.1S Per Year Extra
roeiAGE. j -weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In orderlcg change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt asd correct compliance with their re-
til ml
OAKLAND OFFICE:
XOie Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
8148 Center Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAiirXL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. BrenUno, 81
fnicn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
t-e Hotel and Hoffman House.
* CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. EMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
Corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock everv night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
5008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
e27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
R00 Hayes street; open until 9:50 p. m.
C39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 L»rkln street, open until 9:30 p. m.
15*41 Mission flreet; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until
9 p. m.
JOf! Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
I^ortheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corr.er of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btr*-ets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
HKETIVO .NOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO Lodge. U. D.. C
F. and A. M.. Mission Temple — Stated ¥¥
rr.eetlr.g THIS (TUESDAY), at 7:09 /V\
o'clock, p. m.
A. A. ANDERSON. Tern. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No » R. A. «
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) *¥V
KVENING. July R. at 7:30 o'clock— /^>
Slated nieotir.ps; P. M. and M. E.
M. degree?. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE I>«lg:e No. .".(>. F. and 2
A. M.— Stated meeting. THIS (TUES-VV'
DAY) KVENING, at 7:00 o'clock /V\
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and O
A- M. — Called and stated - meeting VY
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING at /^A
7:30 o'clock.
A. 6. HUBBARD. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No *C4 ZZ-
I- O. O. F.— Installation TUES-.-^&lSwfe.
FAY EVENING. July B. Yisit-M&S!? 1^
Ing brothers cordially invited. ' J^^^fk c '
F. LUTLEY. N. G.
XTNITED Artisans' Assembly ¦_a«
No. 200, meets in Red Men's /^XtI.
Hall. 220 Post St.. EVERY Mf /\1b
TUESDAY at S p. m. Art!- '7/F^fk
tans, please attend. MRS m4 /¦ \r«
JENNIE McE. GAL- \WmT7*\I
KREATH. Assistant Grand vVf I m
Master. -^^>> t
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
6ecretary, New York. June 15 1904. Notice
• to eiockholders.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company :
Notice is hereby given that the board of
Clrectors of the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting this day held called a special
meeting cf the stockholders cf said company
to convene at the offlre of the company in
Beechmont. Jefferson County, Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day cf July, 1904, |
*t 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time, to consider
end act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at said meeting in substantially the form
•nd to the effect following, viz:
'Resolved <1>. that the capital Etock of the
Southern Pacific Company be increased one
Hundred million dollar* by issuing one million
additional shares of the par value of one hun-
dred dollars each."
"Resolved <2). that the said Increased stock
afcall be preferred stock: that the holders of
euch preferred stock shall be entitled to divi-
dends in each fiscal year at such rate not ex-
ceed.ng seven per cent pr annum, payable
eemi-armually out of the net profits, as ehall
be declared by the board of directors, before
*f J 'l! v ? fI i. aU l>e u<?eJaret » on the common
stock; that such dividends shall be non-cumu-
lative; that the holders of such preferred stock
fhall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any
other or further share of the profits of the
company; that, upon the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
?l ? ref * rr <-< 1 6t<^ k **>a!l be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
trthuti.rn of any part of the assets of the com-
pany 3hall be made to the holders of the com-
mon stock: that paid preferred stock shall be
issued and sold from time to time to such
emcum« and in such manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine, but
iL?°t TVS" th * Par value of the shares;
that it rhall b* convertible Into common stock
share for shar*, at the option of the holders)
• t any time; and shall be redeemable at the
doU' P^reV 1 CnC hURdred «* *&.
-sl'n e^ h . Cd /, IV- lhat w the of directors
shall be and they are hereby authorized to es-
tablish, from time to time, and enforce all
euch rules and regulations respecting the is-
sue, sale, redemption and conversion of such
«ock. not inronsirtent herewith. -aa in the
«pfdient' ?f thC b ° ard may ** *«"'«
For the purpose of ruch special meeting the
stock transfer books of the company will be
closed July 14. 1004. at 3 o'clock p m and
reopened Thursday. July 21/ 1904. at 10 o : dock
a. m.
ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary and Clerk.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the Ktat*
C 4 c^ it0^ *£ l hoId * tpec "• «»»im«o5
n the Stat* Normal School building Los
Angles, cal.. July 12. 13 and 14 9W be!
m EFSf,!".?* 0 *• * n - C^epUals should be
filed with the secretary some "days before the
-xaniln^tlon. GEO. G. GERE. M. D. stc -
TH .£tv n r CU " J ., m '£ ln * of the 6an Francisco So-
clety for the Prevention of Crueltr tn »ni
when a board of trustees win be elected
C. B. KOLBROQK. Secretary.
ATTORXEYS.AT.LAW.
G. W. HOWE. lI2TljARKET r sT : " I
Te!. Jessie 4711. . Established 22 years. Advice
fr*« on all legal matters; divorces a specialty
private, quick: no pay m advance; mining com-
X»nles organised; patents obtained; wills deeds
collections: detectives employed. ' '
BJ XV. KINO. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bid*
Cth floor; enti-ane^rooro 611; established 15
years; all cases, 'ecoeral court and office
practice: no fee In advance cr for consulta-
tion; frenlr.g» by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01. ¦
TENSION alty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. 13
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, •ailors. widows and orphans oa Pa-
clflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
I>IVORCE— Costs, $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; all law buelnert: no charge unless suc-
ceCTful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 80L
ADVICE free; divorce costs fl2; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; office
fcpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 83. '
l>. S CLARK, 827 Market «t.; consultation
free; no fees tn advance; open evenings.
ABTHMA BEMTDT. ".
A. DJ Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
. if-, 1(k. iU. COc. 1902 Uar&et, 6U Nicholas, 1
THERE ARE THOUSANDS TOITINQ TO SUPPLY .YOURTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 5, 3904.
13
gTORAGB
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness: offlce 1170 Market, r. 43; teL South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage St Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phona Qrant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941. JOHN F. COOPER, prea.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
flce Post y.nd Powell sts.: tel. PrL Ex. '871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merehan-
dl»>. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12B.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission st: tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfuse,
PACIFIC Storage »nd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FUlmore st: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.. tel. Main 134a Shipping at cut ratea.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly C*IL
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per var
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 CO. The
Typewriting Exchange. 538 California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
rom«ry st
2I> HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
DjmjPE^D^JiO^ICEa.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San FrancUco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 708 Market
St.. opposite Third — For the half y*ar end-
Ing June 3O, 1SMH, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating: cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CItAIG, Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan Association — For the a.x
months ending June 20. 1904, dividends have
been declared on deposits In the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 6 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4 4
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20. 19O4. The "Phoe-
nix" has a guaranteed capital of $2U0.00O anl
s total paid In capital of $1,200,000. Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watklns. presi-
dent; Charles R. Bishop, vice president: si.
Premiss Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
man, director: Gavin McNab, director:
Charles E. Ladd. director.
CLARENCE GRANGE. Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
Dividend notice — The Giant Powder Co.. Con.
A dividend. No. tiT, of fifty cents (50c) per
share on the issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at offlce of
the company, rooms 202, 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg., San Francisco, on July 11. 1304.
Transfer books close July 5. 1904 at r.oon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tern.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of thin
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1jO4.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Market Street
Bank, corner Market and Seventh sts. — For
the half year ending June 30. 1904. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half (3.50) per cent per annum upon
crdinary deposits (savings department), tree,
of all ta»s. payable on and after July 2.
1904. W. B. NASH. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Humboldt Savings Bank.
18 Geary »t. — For the half year ending June
SO a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of 3% per cent per annum, free
of taxes, payable on and after July 1. 1904.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st. 'corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending ,"in»
30, 1904. at the rate of three and one-quarter
(3%) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
' of taxes and payable on and after July 1.
1904. CYRUS W. CARMANT. Cashier.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY Or CALIFORNIA. Berkeley-
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids are solicited fcr performing the labor
and furnishing the material.* for fire escapes
for Hearst Hall, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office of
the regents. South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 6 o'clock p. m. of July 7. 1904.
Plana and specifications of sakl fire escapes
have been adopted and may be examined
dally at the office of the resents from 3 a. m.
until 4 p. m. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
Lend of bidder, in favor of the Regents, of
the University of California, equal to ten
(10) per cent of his bid. with sufficient
sureties, conditioned that If said bid he ac-
cepted, the bidder will duly enter into &
proper contract to faithfully perform the
•July and obligations in accordance with said
bid and with the plans ttnd specifications
which are hereby required to be a. part of
such contract. The right to reject any or all
bid* Is hereby reserved. By order of th*
Regents' Committee on Grounds and Bulld-
Ings. V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne Id U. S. : private; established -t
years In S. F. Tel. Mint 2628 from 1 to 5 p. m.
EIETHS— MARRIAGES— BMTH1
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handei
In at either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the ume publlsn*!.
Notices restricted simply to th* announcenwr.t
of the event are published onca in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
FALES — In this city. June 12. 1904. to tha
wife of Dr. Louis H. Fales, a daughter.
MORAN— In this city. Jane 3i\ 1004. to the
wife of John J. Moran (nee Meagher). a son.
MOHR — In Oakland. June 2I>. 1904. to the wife
of Henry Mohr Jr. (nee Reler>. a daughter.
DIED.
Albrecht Laura Meehan. George
¦ Barry, William Mehrten. John
Barreiros. Manuel Moore, Lester II.
B'.anchette Louis Morrison. Sister M.
Bradley. Richard W. Sebastian
Casey, Margaret H. Mulcahy. Thomas
Cole. James S. Nichols. Mary L. . ..
Driscoll. Daniel T. O'Neill. Eunice F. .
Duffy. Elmer J. Orr. William J.
Dumphy. Samuel Peek, John W.
Halllgan. Alexander Prlnx. Olsa
Hand Frances A. Ranzuio. Howard D.
Hooper. Franklin P. Richardson. Mary C.
Hourigan Margaret Ryan. Joseph R.
Johnson. Bell Schneegass. Charlotte
Kennedy. Charles Stross. Emile
King. William F. Tomalty. Patrick J.
Lavenson. Rosa Wolfsohn. Henry; v - v
ALBRECHT— In Frultvale. July 2. 1904. Mrs.
Laura Albrecht, mother of Mrs. Adam Gil-
Jiand -Mrs. A. J. McKnlght. Mrs. C. L.
Dlngley and Mrs. D. H. Irwln, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years 2 months and 13
dayr.
BARRY — In Paskenta, Tehama County. Cal..
July 1, 1904, William, dearly beloved brother
of James. Rev. "Father Barry of St. Patrick's
Church, and Sister Damien of Dominican
Convent of San Rafael, a native of Listowel,
County Kerry. Ireland, aired 20 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
{Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock from St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Remain* at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. .767
Mission street.
The members of Division 5. A. O. H. In A.,
are requested to attend the funeral of th»
late William Barry, brother of James J.
Earry, the Rev. Father Barry and Sister
Damien of the Dominican Order, San Rafael.
Tuesday morning at 9:30 o'clock, from St
Patrick's Church.
R. J. CURTIN. President
E. P. IIOCJAN, Secretary.
All members of the A. O. II. in A. are
Invited to attend the funeral of William
Barry, brother of Jamea J. Barry. Rev.
Father Barry and Sister Damien of the
Dominican Sisters; San Rafael, Tuesday
morning at 0:30 o'clock.- from St Patrick's
Church. t>r*s^i> MS.
DANIEL FITZPATRICK. Pres. Co. Bd.
T. E. DUNNING, County Secretary.
BARREIROS— In Sausallto. July 3. 1904. Man-
I uel Barreiros. a native of Portugal, aged 56
years. - .
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend his funeral Wednes-
day, July 6. at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In Sausalito. thence to St. Mary's
Church where a solemn requiem ma&s will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
terment Sausaltto.
BLANCHETTE — In this eity. July 2. 19O4.
Louis, beloved husband of Mary Blanehette.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Ilnfora.
- — ... ¦- .--¦- — .. .. «
HAIGHT, 218 — Newly furnished sunny rooms
to let reasonable.
HAYES, 974— Beautifully furnished sunny front
bay-window alcove room.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and 31 23 to $5 week.
HYDE. 334 — Front, sunny, bay window, for
1 or 2; other rooms;, hot and cold running
water: bath.
HYDE, 727—2 nicely furnished rooms, suitable
for gentlemen; private family. -
JACKSON, 1175. cor. Jones — Furn. or unfurn.
sunny front rooms; fine marine view; phone.
JONES, 923 nr. Bush — Sunny front alcove.
room; cozy corner; $20 single; $25 two.
LEAVENWORTH. 100. between Turk and
Golden Gate ave. — Sunny furnished rooma^
MARKET^ 903 — Furnished rooms. - . .
MASON, 616 — Newly furnished sunny rooms
from $6 up to $20; boarding-house next door.
NINTH, 128% — Connecting front room and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping. •. ~ \ ;
NINTH, 147 — Large sunny room, suitable for
one or two persons. ]__ '
NOE. 577, bet. 18th and 19th — To let. a nice
furnished room suitable for 2 men; fine view ,
and funny; terms reasonable.
NOE. 577. bet 18th and 19th— A nicely furnish,
ed room, suttable for 2 men; fine view; sun-
ny; terms reasonable.^
POST. 6S9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 21(5. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Nice
furnished rooms; reasonable; $1 75, $2 up wk.
POWELL, 506— Large sunny rooms; running
water.
POWELL, 606 — Sunny single rooms to let
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
i lor; rooms per night, 33c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
| SACRAMENTO. 1611— A neat and very sunny
basement room for worklngman.
SIXTH, 2J0Vi — Furnished roams, day, week or
month;- location central and reasonable.
, STANYAN, 810 — Sunny front and other rooms;
also housekeeping; facing G. G. Park.
STOCKTON, 41-45— Nicely furnished sunny
suite; also single rooms; $1 50, . $2 SO, S3
week.
TEHAMA. 154— Furnished rooms.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free; $3 to $S per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day: electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st— Offices oa
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in suite
or single, by the day, week or month; tran-
sient solicited. .
THE RICHMOND. 509 Jones— Handsomely fur-
nished rooms. $1 50 week. 35c to $1 day up.
THIRD st. 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD st, 87 — Furnished rooms. i
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 35c to $1 night $1 73 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read.-room: free bus: ba^g-ag-e.
VAN NESS. 020 — Large sunny room In modern
corner fiat; parlor, piano, bath, phone.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
3Cc to $1 50 nizht; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hnuse. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
aootis Amo board.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL. BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NE3S AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1013 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO M-RS. E. WIN DELE. MANAGER.
MASONIC ave.. 1311 — Sunny front room with
board; pentieman and. wife or .two single
gentlemen; references. Phone Fell 1346.
STEINER. 409 — Large sunny front room and
bdard. in private family for two young girla
or man and wife.
SUNNY rooms; excellent home cooking: gen-
tlemen; (20; two meals $18. 1120 Gough. nr.
O'Farrell.
BUSH, 804 — Nicely furnished rooms; sunny:
front alcove; bath and board.
HAIGHT. t>S, near Market— Large furnished
room for 2, with good German beard. ¦
FOURTEENTH, 84 — Sunny furnished room,
with or without board: reasonable.
LARGE sunny double front room, with or
without board; reasonable. 1630B Mission.
THIRD. 444% — Board and room.
DEVISADERO, 1301A — Furnished sunny rooms
with ooard. .
UNION Hotel. Turk. cor. Webster— Neatly fur.
sunny rooms, with or without board; reas.
HOTEL KENOVA, 725 Pine — Board and room
$20 per month; sun and elevator.
POWELL. 502 — Nicely furnished room for 2: all
new; also single; reasonable; private board.
VAN NESS,. 1411— Nicely furnished rooms for
gentlemen; splendid table board: references.
HARRISON. 600— Good table board; home
cooking; woman cook; rheap and clean.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California — See rooros.learnprtces.trytable
HOWARD, 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double, $5-$S wk.: American family.
EDDY. 1123. opp. Jefferson Pk.— Nicely fur.
runny rooms: table board; reas.; new mang*t
GEARY. 601. Hotei L' Alglon — Family rooms
and board: entirety renovated: reas. prices.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st, San Francisco,
has received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1. 1904: Margaret
L. Alexander. 11 years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson, 11 years 4 months; Juanlta Wals-
worth, 10 years 5 months; May Walsworth.
8 years 11 months; Vicien Dunkle. 13 years;
Aileen Dunkle, 5 years 3 months; Doris
Dunkle. 3 years 10 months: Hazel B. Wells,
S years 7 months; Emelfe Delange, 4 years 7
months; Maria Grunn, " 7 years 9 months:
Nellie Conoley. 9 years 4 months; Helen
Conoley, 5 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reeves. 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves. 10 years
7 months.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
have been admitted to the asylum on Halght
street from April 1. 1904. to July 1. 1904:
Nellie Armstrong, 12 rears 9 months: Sarah
Ellen Johnson. 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell, 10 years; Lillian Posted, 12 years
10 months; Julia Hoppe, 8 years 0 months;
Frederick Johnson. 10 years 6 months.
SUSAN RUSSELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
! SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
DON^T^B^TifreRT^B^JY^XTjEW r -~g£f£ ux ™C
Send us a postal and our agent will call and
trade for your old sewing machine; we have
a lot of slightly shop-worn Whites that we
shall sell quick at 1-3 and *& regular prices;
this is. the sewing machine bargain oppor-
tunity of a lifetime. White Sewing Machine
Co... City office^ 300 Post st; 1841 Fill more
¦st. and 70S Valencia st
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kind* rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic cf flee, 1021 Market et.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new' triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-,
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. N«w
Hnn-.e Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Market »t
BOCIAUST3. -;__ ..
GEORGE GOEBEL, national Socialist lecturer;
look eut; Turk «t Temple. Tuesday, July 19i
VIAYI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
* booklet mailed ¦ free; correspondence invUad.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Nass aye. . - w.
M^SjCma^ANEO^S FOR SALE Con.
FIREWOOD cut to length; large load $2, de-
livered. E. C. PITCHER & CO.. Sixth and
Hooper sts.; tel. S 375.
SAFES— New andT second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO..- 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and eecond-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
' BIISCKLLANEOl'S WANTS.
BIG prices paid for - oM gold, sealskins, dla-
monds. gents' full dress eults, etc.; send
, postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
! A BARREL of money for old Jewelry; value
paid; assaying prices slaughtered- Pioneer
Assaying Co., 157 New Montgomery st.
A — MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles'
and gents' castoff clothing; postl. 943 Folsom. j
$20— BOWSER OH Tank, self measure; oil ca-
paclty 120 gallons. 801 Turk st. . i
! HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL J
| . Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st. j
| TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical foods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T.« D.
McCarthy Co., 872 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MONEV TO LOAN. \
A^X^^E^MA^"MURPlfi\
601-CC2-603 Examiner building.
i Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing; directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or i
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest. . _^
Give full particulars .
of property, or chattels.
Location, ete.
Box 490. Call offlce.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453, Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
646 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people., retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 4tS
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
et (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st., rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
> life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ON real estate, personal property. E. W. Lick,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., 708 Market.
STAR' Loan Co. of Wyoming loam to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lonn Bank. 538 Kearny.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, rcom 81, 6 Eddy st.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged.. ELFVING. 61G Hraret bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned ealarind people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. floft Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
L&rsains for piano purchasers. Oive us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
end liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
I PIANO CO.. £00-«2-G4 Hayes 6t.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such make? as Chickerlng. Vose,
Steinway, Steck. Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard, Ualnes and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the summer Is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEIKE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary
st. ; Oakland, 1252 "Broadway.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary St.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage.1636 Mkt.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; J&5.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byror. Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poet st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay.
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3- PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand"
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS^
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
prorefs); excwllent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 210.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A CORNER store, 24th and Valencia ets.; new
large; suitable for any business.
STORE to let. suitable . for butglier. Inquire
grocery store. Saciagiento and Spruce sts. .
j PERSONALS.
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
Fairui like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMO3. 1127 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
— — — — — — — -
DR. RO WELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sere throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Ftar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept r.o substitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
%kln, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
.'killeu «peclallst from Europe Apply Central
Pharmacy. K28 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains varicocele,
etc.; easily won.: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom them. Dr.Bumard Co.. 140 Geary, S.F.
AT less than costr uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
! FRANK G. O'NEILL: Send address to H. E
2046. Call office: something important.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec- !
trie nf.edle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 C0~
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupbnt
Actina restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. €C9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE ccstumes. play books, wlgs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hslr to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p.- m. - ' -
PAL3IISTRV.
A— MME. LYMAN, 1 scientific palmist recently
from East. 610 Eddy st. ; phone Polk 4611. •
PATEHT8. ~~~
INVENTIONS patented^ F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
1 HOUSES TO •PURMSHEO.
TAYLOR, 1416. overlooking bay — Comfortably
furn. house. 7 rmt., bath. Open afternoons.
*~" HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
3^STORY house, cor. Harrison and Fremont
ets. 27 alcove and «;nRle rooms. »i bath-
rooms and toilets; suitable for boarding or
apartment house; equipped with electric
light!* and fuel gas; gas stoves supplied It
desired. Apply room 612, 328 Montgomery st.
FINE modern house. « rooms and bath; sunny
yard; rent $20. 2756 Twenty-third st., be-
tween York and Hampshire.
TURK, 624 H. rear — 6 sunny rooms, bath; rent-
ed last $23; reduction to good tenant. 2158
gutter st.
PINE. 2790 — Sunny northeast corner residence,
8 rooms, bath and basement: in fine order..
I STYLISH sunny residence. 9 rooms; servants'
j rcom In basement. 2028 Bush. nr. Webster.
I TO let— House, 6 rooms, bath and basement.
'< 6C9 Linden ave.; -near Webster st. : rent $20.
INFORMATION WANTED.
INFORMATION wanted of Grace Cottle
daughter of Dorcas Le Montais of England*,
i by her sister Sarah Bragg. Box 3168, Call
office. • ¦--¦---.
INVESTMENTS.
A— 6 PER CENT GUARANTEED
Or 5 r*r cert and Participation in Profits.
Invested Only In first mortgages.
SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
708 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Magulre, cx-U.S. Congressman
Hon. Edw. K. Taylor, ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co.
Allen M. Ciay, Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph a. Leonard, General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice in this Issue. .
INVALID CHAISS.
BOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.: tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOU.M).
LOST— On Sunday, glasses with '"California
Optical Co." on case. bet. Twenty-third and
Sanchez and Clipper and Diamond sts. Please
leave where bought or 452 Clipper et. and
receive reward.
I>OST or fctolen, on or about July 2, 1904.
memcrandum-book containing valuable papers
for return of which suitable reward will be
given. Iroquols Hotel, 524 Ellis, apart' mt 005.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices: under contract
and must sell: 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
SMALL purse at Oakland mole on June 2S.
Liberal reward if returned to 130SA Leaven-
worth st.
LOST — On Kearny St.. near Post, brown fox
boa. Return to 2111 Pine st.: reward.
LOST— Collie dog; brown body, white face, feet
and breast. 901 Larkln st. ; reward.
BUNCH keys, with one Sat brass blank; re-
ward. Box 2644. Call.
SAUKCHEB FOB HIBeI
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. fooTof Clay
Et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaells Launch Co.,Union-st. Wharf; boat-
lng & excursions. 5 Steuart at.; tel. John 2tiSfl.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
Jrom irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' exj>erience in all fe-
male disorders: call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market Et.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 82S Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 100SH Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR NATHAN, the great ladles' epe-
ciallst. lust arrived from the East; guaran-
tees cure or no pay; takes ladies befcre and
during confinement, with best medical care-
confinement $15; room and board $3 week;
infants adopted. 20C(i Market, opp. Valencia.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
eold; *-ice $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of j>rice. OSGOOD BROTHERS
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway
Oakland.
THE famouse specialist, Drs. Goodwin, departs
for Europe on a 3 months' tour July 7; she
will receive any of her patients from now to
July « at 412 Taylor st.. near O'Farrell,
where *»ie will reside on her return.
DR. G. W. O'L-ONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated-
advice free. Offlce 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth et.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.:
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never fails;
$2. Gltasor.-Riiggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DK. ana MRS. DA VIES "and HINDOO HERBS;
original rm-thod of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995~~Fol»om St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay
needs no painting or coating: good over old
ir«Mi. tin or thins In*; best for new roof a
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAXD machinery, engines, boilers, pumps
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought sold.
rented and exchanged; tee Sunday papers '
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale »t-
FOR sale — Second-hand laundry machinery
consisting of engine, boilers, mangles, wash-
ing machines, etc; reasonable. Box 2650
Call offlce. . .
— \
A— FINE eults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st
near Bush: open to 9 p. ro.. Sunday to noon!
I A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
ginen. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to Tent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Stockton «t.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Tru»t Co., -21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlore
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.
$15— NEW Etyle, 7-drawer oak New Home ssw-
ing n-.athine, complete. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50~.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1-50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 &0; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
NEW sealskin coat: reasonable. Call from 7
to 9. 408 Stockton St., room 105.
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spaniel
pups; 7 weeks old; $5 and $7 50. 1348 Folsom.
ZZI "I
ELASTIC. stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis ft. i
AWNINGS, tents, new, second-hand. SUN TENT
tt AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 6486.
FOR tale — Young chickens, 30c and 35c; hens,
40c. 9C9 Treat ave., : near Twenty-second st.
PIGEONS — Homers, runts, all leadlnr varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
SAFES and desks; .new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market st.
BE8T white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BLfrCHER. 741 Mission st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS MeMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mkt.Tel.Bu8h S53.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KINO'S, d McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
calupL moved to 760 Mission et.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
' new; 16x10. 319 Third st: teL Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BA FES and cash ¦ registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SOME Tood 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p., cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt. ,
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
1>R. C. c7^^5NNirLL— Of flee and~resldcnce!
1021V. Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. ; /
! BLOOD, skln^ and rectal diseases a specialty.
_DB. BALL, 1073H Market st. V
REMOVE D-^-DR~WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases o! the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., rear Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases, cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay St.
DR. WONG HON. 81» Powell St.. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT.
| BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized; periodical audits and
books kept for firms or corporations who do
not desire to employ regular bookkeeper.
Terms reasonable. J. R DAY. public ao-
countant. r. 60S) Mills bdg.. phone Main 592.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY. 1132— Two sunny furnished
rooms, front parlor and kitchen, new; bath
and gas. gas stove and coal stove, $14.
BUCHANAN. 1510— Sunny front furnished
housekeeping rooms.
1 BUSH. 2120-*-Two furnished rooms complete for
| ' housekeeping.
i CALIFORNIA, 1304 — Sunny front bay-window |
room and kitchen; connecting; reas. ;no chdn. ,
CHURCH, 12C. near Market— A floor of 3 sun-
ny unfurnished rooms; regular kitchen.
CLAY, 1429, near Leavenworth— il large sunny
rm. well furn. complete housekeeping, water.
ELEVENTH, 124A — 2 sunny fur. housekeep.;
front parlors; gas stove; bath; $3 50 week.
ELLIS. 773 — Part of a newly furnished mod-
ern flat cheap; gas range, bath, phone.
ELLIS, 1178— Sunny front alcove and kitchen,
bath, j/lione, etc.; rent ?20; no children.
ELLIS. 117S— »Sunny front alcove and kitchen:
5 gas range, bath, phone; no children.
ELLIS. 1225 — Handsomely furnished suits, with
kitchen; also nice single room; very reas.
FILBERT, 1210 — 2 unfurnished rooms; refer-
ences; half block Hyde-st. cars; $10.
FIRST, 22JS, near Howard— 5 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; business location; rent moder-
ate.
GEARY. ' 1806 — Unfurnished double parlor;
housekeeping; sun all day.
HAIGHT, 3—2 rooms furnished light house-
keeping.
HAiqHT. 218— Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences.
HAIGHT, 222 — 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms for couple; phone; reference. Call
1-4, 7-0 p. m.
HAIGHT, 234._ cor. Buchanan — Two sunny
suites of 2 and 3 rooms; furnished house-
keeping rooms. -' •
HAIGHT, 322—2 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $13.
HARRISON. 74S— $10 to $12 suites. Completely
furnished; gas stoves; laundry; quiet home.
HOWARD, 547 — Housekeeping rooms; also
\ single, 75c per- week and up.
HOWARD. 71OV4— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
adults; respectable; no transients.
HOWARD. 1C54— Nice sunny front and back
parlor; also housekeeping rooms.
JACKSON, 1220, near Jones — 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping. ,
JESSIE, £13 — I^rge sunny front parlor; fur-
nished; gas range; $.'{ 50 week; other rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rates reas.
LAGUNA, 1027, opp. Jefferson square — Three
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
LARKIN.1007. cor.Post— The Cragburn. H. Bur-
lingame.prop. ; rms., single & hkpg.apartments.
MARKET, 2098 — Two large, sunny, well fur-
nished front rooms for housekeeping; $18.
MISSION. 1430 — 2 large eunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, bath, phone.
OAK. 117, 03S McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA, 51— Regular kitchen, bedroom and
parlor In new up-to-date flat; adults; refs.
O'FARRELL. 730 — Sunny furnished front end
back parlor, complete for housekeeping: reas.
PEARL, H, corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms, $14: phone; no children.
SCOTT, 300, NE. cor. Page, near Halght-st.
cars — Two newly furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms: bath, gas range. dt«hes.
SECOND, 212 — Housekeeping rooms; nicely lo-
cated; no children; also single rooms; reae.
SEVENTH. 151— Sunny front suite housekeep-
ing rooms: $4 50; upper flat.
SHOTWELL, 121—3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $14; no children; no ob-
jection to infant.
SOUTH PARK. 126 — 4 uniurr.ished rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
VAN NESS, 232—2 and 3 room suites; also sin-
gle; housekeeping; sunny front; gas range.
$6. $12, $16, $20.
WALLER, 71 — Fine sunny rooms In new flat;
suites $12 up; fine marine view. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH Offlce for The Call for the rec?ptlon
of advertisements and subscriptions ha9 been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
-•-FABTMENT HOUSES.
BENTON (The), 835 Octavia, opp. beautlfu'
park — 2 and 3 room apartments, with all
modern conveniences; special reductions for
summer months.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave.—
The acme of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat. ele:. light, elev., gas range.
SENTINEL (The). 879 Turk. adJacent~Jefferson
square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and 4
rooms, ready for occupancy. Phone East 917.
MAYBELLE. 2C2 Grove, corner Van Ness —
Nicely furnished 3-room suite, $24; 2-room
suit, $13; bath.
ALTAMONT. SE. cor. Washington and Mason
3-room apartments, furn. or unfur; private.
EL CAMELLO. 1719 Washington— 2 to 6 room
apartments, newly furn. or fnfurn; sunny.
GOLDEN GATE' ave., 339, above Hyde-^2. 3
: and 4 room new apartments; also single.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350
ROOMS TO LET. — Furn. and Urffarn
A— BRUNSWICK House. T4S Sixth St.— Rooms
2Cc to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ARDELL, 15 Pase — 2 furnished basement
hskpg. rooms; yard, gas, sink; $2 week.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2fr4 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 110 (The Launston) — Central; best reg-
ular and transient in city; lowest rates.
EDDY, 432— Elegantly furnished parlor suite
. and bath: also single rooms. . . .
EDDY,- 478 — Elegant sunny suite; double or
Eingle; travelers solicited.
EIGHTEENTH, 3363, near Mission— Sunny
furnished room; bath; modern; $7 month. '
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite: furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS, 1040 — Newly furnished sunny suit and
single rooms; gas, bath, electric lights.
ELLIS, 1274— Sunny front parlor. $18; sunny
• front room. $8; modern flat.
FELL, 230^ — Large sunny furnished front
room; also 2 connecting unfurnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 834- : -Sunny bay-window room with
double bed, closet and bath; also sunny single
I room, $1 25 per. week.
FRANKLIN. 721, near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
nlshed front room; all conveniences; for 2, $12. ,
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 28 night; $1 60 to $6 wlc: reading- rm.
GEARY, 915 — Well fur. parlors, large closets;
-also sunny room, running water: phone; reas.
GROVE, £32— Front sunny furnished room; gaa
- °»th;.$6._ ¦¦:>...-
HELP WANTED — MALE — Conllnncd,
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-«53fl CLAY ST.
Phcne Main IMS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We fprsk the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish. Slavonian and
Danieh languages.
1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
tiO.OCO Men Work. Increase W.OOO.
He Jias arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of United States Government
Work being done close to Wadsworth,
in State of Nevada.
Frw? faro to or.*, to all, to you.
Cr>Ft only *J office fee.
Muckers. $75.
Teamsters. S75.
Laborers, $75.
I>r:!'.er.s f:»".
ConcreteAlxenu $75.
<"a!l ca;fy; see representative at our office;
f.rst-claes food and accommodations; eteady
job; crowds daily going; are you?
SANTA FE It. R. i
If »rood to us. We are good to you. ;
1050 miles. FLORENCE. $10 50. I
' ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. 8 P. M. daily. *
Prlller*. $3 to $3 50. Centt-r
Teamsters, $2 to $2 50. of
•laborers, $2 to $2 5<». Great Mines.
Don't be »l\ngy with your distance; get
closer to Lo« Angeles,
The land of sur.Fhine, fruit and flower*. !
where men can work every .day at big wage*.
r.55 tearr.fters.
$60 month for you.
FAF.E (by railroad) ONLC $4 60.
OFFICE FEE $1— THAT'S ALL.
These came at midnight by phone, tele-
trraph, special mail de!i\-ery:
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, fhep work, fare $1. easy and good,
J?,5 and found.
Butcher, tlaughter work, ranch, fare $1 25,
$."•!• and found
COOKS.
Bellboy, city, $25 found.
Waiter for a mine. S. E.. $25 found.
« c<> ks. boarding hot* Is. $4O and $.15 found.
Tarf.Hlr- maker, country Job. *4o and found.
<\>. k> heller, for a mine. $::0 and found.
4 .in- and pot washers, $25 and $'J0 found.
Ealoaa pcrter. city hotel $25 and found
WAITERS.
\Jaiter. first-class city hotel, $35 found.
R'aiter for rvsort, Monterey County, $30 fd.
Waiter. SOo far*. $3o found. j
Waiter. $1 75 fare. $S week and found.
-¦: waiters, city hotel*. S. F.. $:«) found.
KedmakfT. country hotel. $22 50 found.
Man for second-hind furniture store $60 to
MECHANICAL.
I'alnter. cerriagfs, wagens, fare 51 20, $50 fd.
Shingle jointer, L. Co., Sonoma County, $30,
?¦•."> louml.
I'iastervr. mix mortar, city, $3 day.
Ironmoldrr. fare ?1, foundry. $3 to $3 50 day.
Blacksmith. Marin County, $4S to $50 found.
4 plumbTS. $4 day. country; sticker hand, $4
CARPENTERS.
2 carpenters, fart- $1 50, $3 50 day. !
<**rr enter. j,!a*n work, city factor}-. $2 60 day
Wht-elwrlght. carriage works. $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 'Me. ft day ,
LUMBER. ETC. j
risr.ir man and bookkeeper. lumber company.
>;a:ip ecLjrern'.an. lumber companv.
?ntK-.ltender, lumber co.. south. $50 tound.
?2 coopers, slack work, steady, lCc barrel.
<; fash and co r hands, $."J 50 day.
2 lusnber grader?, bo>* here. $00.
SUcker hand, city jub. T.J Z,n to $4 day.
Lumber graJer. boss here, $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber coirpany. $4y found,
lifss woodman, north, /bos? here. $30 found.
<Jar»r edpern-.an. L. Co., $75.
Head dor.krytnan. $00 found.
Logger who understands ricginp. $60 found.
Logger. Doltx-cr <Jor.k*y. $75 found,
o men mak^ stakes and g^Ilt stave*, red-
wood. bo« h-ere. SiO found; 2 ecrew turners;
2 carriage setter*; hook tender; 5 shingle
packer*; sticker hand; 25 laborers; lumber
company; you'll suit.
M elder.
155 Woodchcppers.
155 Tie and Picket Makers.
Tools, provisions, all found; pood prices.
MISCELLANEOUS JOBS.
Man run separator. YZ cows, boss her*. $35 fd.
Laborer, do Jittl* bnfhc-rtn*. mine. «32 50 fd
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. £.:<•-.«::.-. found.
12 farmhandF. $30 found.
14 rjioremen. boys, frjo to *15 found.
12 Ftab'.emen. *.'IO found $6»). $75
LA 3OP.ERS — TEAMSTERS."
22 laborers and teairifters, $2 and $2 25 day.
!• lalj.irers, factory, $00.
12 laborers for min<-s. you'll suit, $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer co.. $50 fd.
4 farmers anil wives'. $?<>. $00, $eo found
FOR A MINK.
Chor^man snd wife. German or French, $60
and found
MURRAY & READY.
/¦' . ¦"¦ 634-036 Clay et.
PLANING and Sawmill. Box Factory.
05 Boys or young men. $00 month.
- 35 bpii; no experience wanted for men or
boys: tCO. ttf-ady Jobs; call early
yi'RRAY & READY. 634-C:« Clay st.
4 CARPENTERS, city. $3 to $4 day.
''arpenter. mine, gold quartz. «.J .V) day.
¦B-jtrher, southern town, fare $2 60, $40 fd.
Milkf-r. Colusa county. $40 found.
ijang of charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, mine shaft work $3 day
m MURRAY & READY, 634-63S Clay st.
LAUNDRY.
Iron<»r. f:2 wdc: mangle hand. $10 week;
marker and distributer $15 week.
LUMBER.
Oar* edgerman and grader. 5 eaws, $2 50
day.
T«iiJ '-drerman. fare $T $2 25 day.
« Tu^itwr pliers. f ar p $3 5rt, $2 25 day.
for woods, fV> found.
4 Ubui»rf. woods, Sonoma co., fare $2 25.
fjn found.
BRICK YARDS.
12 la berry, brick yard, fare $1. $60.
4 «h«>!»rE. fare $1. fCO.
3 brirk setters, fare $1, $75.
'•12 laborers, near city. *00.
FREE FAPE — WAITERS.
2 waiter*, fare *2 10. same place. $43 found
<"«vik. ranch, fate $? 10, $30 found.
Butrlitr. slaughter, ranch, fare fj, $50 fd.
Man. wife, private family, chores, cook. $50
found.
Ccnk and wile. 25 men at mine, boss here,
*4rt found.
«>«ok, eiinplr.g rany. $.00 found.
Gsnr *3gprman. planennan and bookkeeper,
tW to $.V> found.
CTiorrman for ranrh. $.V> found.
MURRAY & RKAUY, (S34-03G Clay st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 rapes, frt to any address In the
_ United State* cr Canada one year for $1.
ALL tizes men'« shoes, (lightly damaged, half
price. £63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your rtioes half-aoled while waiting: 25e
«o ftf>c T.C-; Mi«:«icn ft., bet. I«t and 2d sta.
J KEXiP WANTED — SALESMEN.
CALE^MEN wanted— Agent*, dealers and
ftcrtkeepers. etart in business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit I
for as little money as others retail ready
made gocxlc: you can control entire local
trade with our line; fall line 350 up-to-date
styles of woolens, farhion displays, etc.. now
r+ajAy and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity; write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory: experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co.. Dept-
A. Washington boulvd. and Union. Chicago.
WANTHD— Solicitors of rood addreee "and "ap-
pearance: men and women having handled
investment contract* preferred; salary and
-: comrnifflCon. 414 Croseley bulldlnt.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to take good
clllng article as ride line: good commission.
43 « IVf Ft., upstairs.
HOttSKS A.XU WAGOXS.
FOR sale— a carriage and wagon material
bufinese; tola is a good etand and will bo
scd reasor.abi*; rents $4C; call and lnvesti-
caie. Ss-qj Luboce ave.
2-S'iOity ramping wagon; thoroughly adapted
to the purpose ; attached side tent: Bleeping
iFHSSSS upttairF; complete in detail. J.
r ?JL' <aI £- 1Su ** T horse; very stylish: faat;
n £ W' ar£ o!d - lZ2i University ave. V.
_O. box 30,-i. Berkeley.
I ??«" Ie 3 Chenn;u K'Wing. 5~yr«. old., dtelo
ESJ^fSS* hc "' tn a!1 harness: warranted
_fojnd. Addrcre Harry P. Moore. Menlo Park.
1 ?*" 1 ' **27 Tuesday; horses, was-
J^rr^tu^caruand harness: at
*"-.?„;? V€ £ boU ,°,? > W.t»w; creen feed year
J^y. Nucle^^ei^st^^^
V> cVace ED ~ A bulln «» b usS7. Box 1418. Call
t^rc^f B^"- ln -« condlti^
REAL ' E ST AVE— -CIT Y-— FOR SALB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
$5,000— Business property; steadily rented!
store (hardware) with living-rooms, flat i
above of 6 rooms and bath; rents
$42 CO per month; lot 25x125; Caatro
and Market.
524.000— Profit of ?5C00 within 3 years; prop-
• : erty now rents for nearly 6 per cent
. .. net; large corner on 3d St.; splendid
site for new building.
$18,500— Rents $132 50 per month; corner store,
under lease, and 2 flats; prominent
corner on Devisadero et. ; large lot, 32x
100.
$C,150— To be sold fcr absent owner; 2 flats
on north side of Frederick st. ; rents
$000 per year; lot 25x116:6; price re- \
'. duced for quick sale.
$5,500 — Jackson St., near Hyde; key lot, 25x
S7:6; house of 9 rooms and bath;
splendid location for 3 flats.
$2,875— Rents $24 50; -lot 25x75; Tehama St..
near 1st; 2 houses of G roams each.
$7.500— Pine St., nr. Steiner; lot 27:2x137:6;
residence of o rooms and bath.
$8,000 — Webster st., nr. Broadway; residence ,
of 7 rooms and bath; large lot; owner
will exchange for Oakland or Berkeley
property.
! $13,500— fioiigh St., nr. McAllister; lot 27:6x
77; rents $1500 per annum; 4 stores
and 2 flats of 5 and 0 rooms and
bath each.
$11.750 — Price greatly reduced for an Immediate
sale; Mission-st. business corner; store
and basement; two flats above; rents
$S3 per month.
$5.C50— Rents $52 per month; lot 25x80: Minna
St., nr. Eighth; 4 flats of 4 rooms each.
$4,600 — Leavenworth, nr. Jackson; lot 22:6xS0;
two-9tory house of 6 rooms and bath.
$4,000— Laurel st.. Presidio Heights district;
lot 25x112 :C; corner of 6 rooms and
f bath; modern throughout; ten- Toot
I basement. i
$11, OCO— Rents $105 per month; Wlllard St.,
overlooking? Golden Gate Park; large
lot. 2^x100; new building of three
modern fiats of 5-0-0 rooms and bath
eacn; rents $105. ;
BALDWIN & HOIYELL'S Branch Office,
Corner H street and Seventh avenue.,
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Cheapest and best home sites In San Fran-
cisco; easy terms; ¦ office open every day,
Sundays and holidays.
$1 25 PER week: no interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
co; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
£6 Montgomery St., room 3.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property cr buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
WE have some special bargains in clty_ prop-
erty; also homes on easy terms In Berkeley
and Alameda; call or send for what you
want. P.OTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California.
$11.500 — THREE new modern 6-room flats;
rent $1200 per annum; Frederick St., bet.
Ashhury and Clayton. Apply J. H. KRUSE.
Twenty-third and Shotwell sts.
COLONIAL houses containing 2 flats of 6
rooms, bath each; close to park; $6500; easy
payments. B st. and Fourth ave.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
Ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-S Crock*- building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
KKAI. ESTATK — Country — For Sale.
A COUNTRY home, situated in Sonoma Co.;
fine' location for raising poultry, being close
to markets; consisting of 10 acres of choice
Improved land, 8. acres in orchard, mostly
winter apples; gogd house, big barn, brooder
: and chicken houses and all necessary farm
implements. For further Information inquire*
at 235 Eighth St., 3d floor, San Francisco.
FOR farm, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches,
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL
& CO.. 507 California st.
ALFALFA lands. stock lunches orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64a
Market st
FOR sale — A 9-room residence In Redwood
City: mod. Imp. C CUSSEN. Redwood City.
poiXT hh;h.i:»m) real kstatd.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE™
FOR sale or exchange for real estate — 20 rooms,
rent $40; with lease. $500. 547 Howard et.
LKUAI, ALJVlSK'i'ISKMIS.NTS.
TO Whom It May Concern : I hereby give no-
tice that I have made application to the
Board of Ktate Prison Directors for parole
from San Quentln Prison. MARVIN FORD.
RESTAURANT, 200 Jones, has changed hands;
outstanding bills must be presented In 5 days.
ALAMEDA A])VEKTIS'MENT8
ALAMEDA BOOMS AKD BOARD.
CENTRAL ave., 1541. Morton station, narrow
gauge — Newly furnished sunny room, boa rd .
"BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
\ ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS. ..
End of block; 271 feet frontage On track; two
blocks from Berkeley station.' $2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Ix)t 40x135;. -mac.; within hb block. 1 - $450
Half block adjoining R. R. property:.... $2600
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHAS A. BAILEY. 1056 University ave.,
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
$3000— GOOD 2-story house, 6 rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; $750 cash, balance $25 per month, In-
cluding principal and interest at 8 per cent;
one block and a half from car; 5 minutes'
walk from station; situated at 2230 Ward
* St., near college and schools.
MORAN & SWAIN, J
2131 Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley station.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, nicely furnished cot-
tage of 0 rooms; everything complete, ready
to move in; near Key route and local, train:
one block from Shattuck ave. ; price $1350.
F. A.. Berkeley Postofflce.
$1250— Choice comer lot, east on Grove:
52x137; fine location; two blocks to station.
• Address 2530 Grove St., East Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
~~ VHi:iTV.M,i; KKAI, KSTATK.
FOR. sale — $2750: It cost $3750; rents for $20
per nionth: 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply i
to S. S. . AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1010 BROADWAY. \
OAKUM) .REAL. HKTATE.
$650 CASH, $10 monthly; cottage of 4 rooms;
well, chicken-house, shed; S lots 100x245; all
fenced; young fruit trees; ground In cultiva-
tion; flno chicken ranch; lovely site; sandy
" loam soil; echool and electric cars near by;
new homes going up right along; fine marine
and landscape view; no fogs nor winds here; !
Adjoining East Oakland; price in all $1375-
Call or. send for- circular; 455 7th St., - opp
Broadway station, Oakland: carriage free.
HZ. JONES. Landowner.
OAKLAX I) KlIRJIISHED HOUSES.
WALSWORTH ave.." I410— $35; modern, new;
rare chance. Apply at house.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H.Schellbaas,Uth at.. cor.store, Oakland.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
WANTS ir THEY ONLYiKNQW WHAT YOU WANTNOTE — The high and low waters occur at
(he city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minute* later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places. .
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. PublishedT>y official authority of the
' Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and'Tlde.
An electrical chronometer, which
gives the time of an automobile race
to the one-hundredth of a second, has
been produced by the More Company,
In Paris. An instrument is placed at
the starting point and another at the
finish, the two being connected by a
charged wire. When the start is made
a current Is sent through the. line,
which deflects a needle, making a dot
upon a paper on a revolving drum. At
the finish another dot is made upon the
paper. A. scale .on the paper shows
ibei'exact. '..time.— Exchange. ;, ,- . •
Fine Division of Time.
The up-to-date song of the shirt lasts
just six and one-half minutes, accord
ing to a factory inspector out in 'Chi
cago, for whose edification the foreman
of a shirt factory started a piece of
cloth on the rounds and made it come
out. ready for a customer's back before
the second hand on a watch had re
volved seven times. In this time seven
girls had contributed their efforts to
the finished product. One machine in
this shop makes- 16,800 button-holes a
day, or twenty-eight in' a minute, and
in a ten-hour day , a man can cut, 250
dozen shirts.— New York Commercial.
Six-Minutes-and-a-Half Shirt.
TUESDAY. JULY 5.
Sun rises 4:52
Sun. sets 7:35
Moon rises (third quarter) ....11:59 p. m.
O Timel ; ITime Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
* H W L "W H W L W
4 3:22 8.8 9:3.1 1.3 4:49 B.0 10:53 2.7
B 4:26 ,3.5 10:22 1.6 5:2fi 5.0 11:50 2.1
6 5:42 3.4 11:12 1.9 0:02 5.2...
L W ' • - I H W L W H W
7 0:45 1.6 7:00 3.4 12:05 2.2 6:44 8.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and tbe successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time: .the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, ai
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
" _ . _ Monday, July 4.
Stmr Despatch. Lovinson, 63 hours from Co
lumbia River, bound south; put in for fuel
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, S3 hour* from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, 60 hours from
San Pedro and way ports
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 'lO^ hours from Eu
reka. «
Stmr Celia. Nordbersr. 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel. 48 hours from Port
Loa Angeles.
Stmr State of California, Nlcolson, 42 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Ger atmr Totmes. Kohler. ~108 days from
Hamburg, via Champerlco 10 days.
Bark Holliswood Knight. 127 days from
Newcastle. Aus, via San Pedro 62 hours, in
tow of tug Defiance.
Schr Lyman D. Foster, Killman. 65 daya
from Newcastle. Auk.
Schr Sophie Christenson, Lundvoldt, , 4 days
from Grays Harbor. -.•',. , • '
Schr Chas R Wilson, 4 days . from ' Grays
Harbor. . i \ " ' ¦
Schr Ivy. Lundqulst, 48 hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Jennie Grif fin, • Gibson. 3 hours from
Bolinos.
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, 20 hours from Not
leys Landing.
SAILED. . j.
SJ Monday, July 4.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Half moon Bay. '
Stmr F A Kllburn. Jansen. Port Rodgers. -
Stmr South Bay. Jamleson. Eureka.
Etmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Mendoclno. .
• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT ' LOBOS^-July 4 " 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 6 miles an hour.
: . ¦ ¦ DOMESTIC PORTS. -
•; PORX BLAKELBY-Salled . July - -3— Scbx '
Shipping Intelligence.
The. schooner Catherine Sudden arrived yes
terday evening from Grays Harbor and an
chored in the stream. Mate H. Jensen imme
diately hurried aehore as fast aa two oars
could s«nd him to lodge charges against Cap
tain Lundcald. What the nature of these
charges was he did not state, but it appeara
that the captain, at Grays Harbor found fault
with bis officer. The skipper Intimated that
the mate win an Indifferent sailor and con
fined him In his room. ¦
Charges Against Captain.
CALL,BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON', July 4. — The negro
population is not increasing so rapidly
as is the white population in the
Southern States. This is one conclu
sion that may be drawn from the
elaborate study of the neero statistics
of the census of 1900 by Professor
Walter E. Willcox of Cornell Univer
sity, which will soon be published by
the Census Office as a special bulletin.
There is much In this publication
strongly supporting the theory that if
the present tendencies in the South
continue for a few decades the negro
population in that section will become
stationary or will actually decrease.
The proportion of negroes. to white in
the Southern States has been rapidly
decreasing ever since the census of
1S60, as is shown. by the fact that be
tween 1860 and 1900 the Southern
negro population increased 93.4 per
cent and the Southern white popula
tion increased 134.9 per cent In 1900
the negroes constituted 32.3 per cent,
or nearly one-third of the total popu
lation of the Southern States.
Colonel Harrison, with the census
of 1880, shows that during the twenty
years preceding 1900 the negro popu
lation of the South increased 33.1 per
cent, or less than one-third, while in
the same period the white population
of the same section increased 56.5 per
cent, or considerably over 1 one-half.
This difference in the rate of increase
is due, in part, to the movement of
whites into Southern Stages from the
North and from foreign countries and
the movement of the negroes from the
South to the Northern States.
Much more important factors that
may eventually arrest the Increase of
the race are the higher death rate
among negroes, especially the negro
children, and the constantly declining
birth rate in that race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Totmes came into port yesterday morn
ing with Fhlp dressed for the Fourth of July
As the vessel passed In between the heads her
bright strings of bunting flew from the rail to
truck. It Is said along the water front that
the advent of the etranger with her brave array
of flags set an example *on the bay which the
home vessels followed, hence their decorations
Aboard the vessel Is a single passenger. Com
mander Roberto Maldonaldo. an officer in the
navy of Chile. He is on his way to Washing
ton, where he will be attached to the Chilean
legation.
The German steamer Totmes, Captain
Kohler, entered port yesterday, ninety-four
days from Hamburg-. While she, has a clean
bill of health, the quarantine officials ordered
her to Angel Island for fumigation. She will
be docked to-day. Some time out from Ham
burg her coal cargo was found to be on fire.
She hurriedly put Into Genoa, where several
hundred tons of coal were landed and the fire
extinguished.
Arrival of the Totmea.
Statistics Show That the
Colored People Are Not
So Numerous Below Line
SOOTH LOSING
MANY NEGROES
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. « From. Due.
G. Dollar Ean Pedro July 3
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor July 5
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 5
Eureka Humboldt July B
Newburg Grays Harbor July 6
Porno Point Arena & Albion. July 5
Queen..* Puget Sound Ports July 6
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July S
Redondo Portland & Astoria. .... I July 6
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. July 6
Argo.. Eel River Ports July 6
Bt. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. July 6
Aurella Portland & Astoria. ... July . «
San Pedro.... Humboldt July' 7
Elizabeth...; Coquille River July 7
Pomona Humboldt July 7
Barracouta... New York via Panama. July 7
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arenal July 7
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.fJuly 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. (July 7
Rainier...... Seattle & Bellingham. |July 7
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria I July S
S. Dollar Hakodate July 10
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 10
Hawaiian.... New York -via Coronel. July 11
Luxor Seattle July It
Alameda Honolulu July 12
Ramses...... Hambure & Way Ports. July 12
Peru New York via Panama. Jnly 13
.Mongolia China & Japan July 13
Umatilla Pugct Sound Ports.. ..| July 15
" TO SAIL.
Steamer. j Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
July 5. | |
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30p|Pler 0
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPIer 20
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
July 6 I
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier la
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Coos Bay..- San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 111 am | Pier 24
July 7. I |
Eureka Humboldt 9 amIPier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Sierra..'.... Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 1
July 8. !
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 amIPier 11
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10
July 9. . I
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 10 am Pier 20
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pl»r 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
July 10. |
Bonita Newport ¦& Way... 9 amIPier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm|Pler 20
July 11. f
St. Paul.... Nome & St.Mlchael 2 pmlPier 34
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
July 12. «. I
Rainier.... Seattle & Belllnghm 4 pmlPIer 10
July 14. |
Gaelic China & Japan.... 12 m'Pler 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Luxor Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier la
¦ FROM SEATTLE. '
Steamer. Destination. Sail*.
City Seattle.. Ekagway Sc Way Ports. July 5
Roanoke..:.. Nome & St. Mlchnel. . July 6
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July 7
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports: July 9
Bertha Kodlak & "Way Ports. July 10
Garonne Nome via Golovin Day. July 10
Olympla Nome direct July 10
Cottage City. 1 Skagway & Way Ports. July 12
(12(Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 4, 5 p. ra.
THE COAST RECORD.
B S 2 O » *9
5 Hg H5 1 8j ££ 3
STATIONS. J SgElTof £* f
tee: • 3
: ? ? : : •
Baker 29.90 70 T« W Cloudy Too
Carson 29.72 82 60 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 30.02 58 52 NW Cloudy .46;
Fresno 23.80 W R4 W Clear .00 ,
Flagstaff 29.72 82 40 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 29.74 SO 50 SE Rain .06
Independence 29. B6 8(J 06 S\V Clear .00
Los An&eles.. 29. RS 76 58 SW Clear - .00
Mt Tamalpais. 29. 02 70 64 NW Clear .00
North Head... 30. 12 5S 52 NW Pt.Cldy .02
Phoenix 29.62 106 70 SW Clear .00
Portland .10.04 72 88 NW Clear Tr.
Red Bluff 29.84 »4 5S SE Clear ,00
noseburg 30.02. "R 56 N Clear .00
Paoramento ..30.03 .82 .. S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.60 »O . . N Clear .00
San Fr»nclseo.28.»2 62 50 W Clear Tr
S L. Oblspo. .29.02 66 52 \V Clear .CO
Ran Diego 29. S8 66 OO SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.04 70 54 S Clear .00
Spokane 29.82 86 62 W Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh 30.10 M 50 RW Cloudy Tr
"Walla Walla.. 29.90 78 64 S Clear .01
AVlnnemucca .29.74 82 58 E Cloudy .02
Yuma 29.64 104 70 Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Interior of
California and Arizona; elsewhere on the Pa
cific Elope cloudy weather prevails. Light
«=howers have prevailed in portions of Wash
ington, Northern Nevada and Southern Idaho.
Thunderstorms are reported from Walla Wal
la. Winnemucca and Pocatello.
The pressure has risen elowly over the Pa
cific Slope and fallen over the Rocky Mountain
region.
The temperature has fallen over the plateau
region and Washington and remained nearly
stationary in other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 5:
Northern California — Fair except cloudy and
foggy along the coast Tuesday; fresh west
wind.
Southern California — Fair .Tuesday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
fresh west wind. .
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Weather Report.
In the cozy cabin of the Holliswood
is an oil painting of the bark dismasted
ten years ago off the Horn. It was her
first voyage and she lost her main and
mizzen top masts and sails.
Captain Davis denies the reports that
the bark was out of food and her peo
ple suffering for the necessaries of life.
He received from the Prussia sugar
and a few articles for his wife and
child. He accuses the cook of being
wasteful and disobedient, and of origi
nating the starvation story. The cap
tain was formerly an officer on the
steamers Nebraska and Alaska of
the Hawaiian line, running be
tween this port and Honolulu. He
first took command of the Hollis
wood in Hongkong, succeeding his fa
ther, who died aboard the bark in
that port. Captain Davis is a young
man, almost boyish in appearance, but
the manner in which he has brought
his vessel with her sixteen hundred
tons of coal through one hundred and
thirty-two, days of almost constant
storm stamps him every inch a sailor.
Like a page out of some sea tale of
Stevenson or Clark Russell runs the
story of the bark Holllswood, which the
strong tue Dauntless yesterday hauled
Into port. Foretop mast, foretopgallant
mast, foreroyal mast, jib boom, flying
jib boom and spanker boom, with their
standing- rigging, were carried away. In
the seventeen days of fierce gales that
battered her even as she struggled
within sight of the lights Inviting her
to a safe anchorage. The storm that
finally dismasted her and almost com
pleted her undoing was the last effort
of the strong winds and rolling seas
that had met and worried her almost
constantly since she left the Australian
port ninety-eight days before.
This final effort of wind and wave
was on the night of June 2, when the
bark made Point Bonita, at the en
trance to the Golden Gate. The light
on the head shone clearly, but neither
tug nor pilot could be raised to the re
lief of the helpless vessel. A thick mist
came down on her and a stiff breeze
from the north-northwest, drove her
away from the harbor she was striving
to enter. Then came the seventeen days
of struggle with gale and sea, her spars
going over one by one and taking with
them all the head sails, all the canvas
on the fore exceDt the foresail, main
topgallant sail, royal and sky sail. This
left her the fore, main, main top sail
and fore staysail. It was then the
storm gave up the fight, and the crip
pled Holliswood limped into San Pedro
harbor.
She left Newcastle February 27, and
two days out ran into her first heavy
gale. The bark labored over the high
cross-seas until she sprung a leak,
which the steam pump succeeded in
keeping down. For twenty-one days
she fought her way over stormy ocean,
crossing the equator at 150 degrees 40
minutes west. She spoke the ship Prus
sia on May 26, and received certain
stores from her and the schooner Tran
sit on June 13. She made San Pedro
June 24. She was then under her own
sail— what was left of it.
Aboard the bark with Captain Davis
are Mrs. Davis and their infant daugh
ter Eileen, eighteen months old. Mrs.
Davis has been accompanying her hus
band to sea for the last five years. Her
other voyages have been quiet ones
and she now feels that all the storms
she missed in the five previous trips
have been crowded into this last one.
"About all I did," Mrs. Davis said
yesterday, "during our seige of twen
ty-one davs in the South Pacific and
during the seventy days off this coast
was to sit in the far corner of my berth
and hold babv. O, but the bark did
roll! And what awful thundering
noises were made when the spars and
sails broke away from the vessel! But
I suppose I shall have it over again
sometime, as I cannot content myself
to live ashore when mv husband is
at sea."
Party's Vice Presidents Are
to Be Selected To -Bay
for the Golden Jubilee
WILL MEET AT PALACE
Final Arrangements to Be
. Completed for ; Birthday
Celebration at Alhambra
This morning at 11 o'clock th» com
mittees of the Republican Sta.te Cen
tral Committee and representatives
from the United Republican Leagues at
California will assemble in the Palace
Hotel and settle the question of vice
presidents for the great celebration to
morrow night at the Alhambra
Theater.
There are more than one hundred
names to be passed upon and for that
reason the committee is going to get
down to business early in order that
there be no mistakes to mar the cele
bration.
By this evening the finishing touches
will be put on the decorations at the
theater and the DeKoven quartet will
have their voices in good trim to
"make the welkin ring." All of the
speakers are going to be brief.
The fiftieth anniversary of the birth
of the Republican party will long be
remembered in San Franlcsco if th«
present programme Is carried out and
the committee says it will be.
Reserved seats are to be held for
ladles and their escborts. Some pretty
gowns will no doubt be displayed, as
many of the ladfes are stanch Repub
licans and they Intend to look their
best at Che golden jubilee of their
adopted party. Ushers will see that
all are properly seated and that crowd
ing is avoided.
Balboavfor Saa Prtro; sehr Blakeley. for
west Coast; bris; Geneva, for Ban Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 8— Stmr Senator, for
Norn*. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 4— Schr
Annie M Campbell, from Redondo.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 4— Stmr Costa Rica,
hence July 1.
Sailed July 4— Stmr Aurella. for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July S — Stmra Alliance and Aberdeen
and uchr Virginian,' for San Francisco; stmr
Arabia, for Hongkong; achr William Bowden,
for Shanghai. p
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived July 4 —
Stmr National City hence July 2.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 4^ — Stmr Scotia,
from Bowens Landing; stmr Alcatrai, from
Greenwood; atmr Acme, from Fort Bragg;
schr Sadie, from Umpqiia.
Sailed July 4— Stmr Prentiss, for San Fran
cisco. '.
SEATTLE — Sailed July 4— Stmr Montara,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 4 — Stmr Bertha, from Juneau.
BANIJON — Arrived July 4 — Stmr Elizabeth,
hence July 1
EUREKA— Arrived July 4^ — Stmrs Ean Pedro
and Eureka, henca July 2; stmr Pomona, ho
July 3 •
¦ TATOOSH— Passed in July 4— Stmr St Paul,
from Nome for Seattle; bark Haydn Brown,
hence June 0 for Tacoma. • •
Passed out July 4 — Stmr Rainier, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Sailed July 4— U B stmr The
tis, for cruise.
Arrived July 4— Bark Andrew Welch, henca
June 18.
MANILA— Arrived June 28— Ger stmr Theo
dor Wllle, from Hlogo
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUATEMALA — Arrived June 14 — Ger stmr
DendiJrah. from Hamburg for San Francisco.
ILOILO— Arrived July 2 — Br ehlp Drumel
tan, from Sourabaya.
DOVER— Passed July 1— Fr bark V1H» d»
Mulhouse from Hamburs for Portland, Or.
VENTNOR— Passed June 29— Br ship Co
runna from Antwerp for Port Townsend.
SHIELDS— Passed July 1— Br ship Lonsdale.
for Port Los Angeles.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK — Arrived July 4— Stmr Ethio
pia, from Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 4— Ultonia, .Lon
don, i '
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 4— Kronprlnx
Wilhelm, New York, and proceeded.
Sailed July 4 — Barbarossa, from Bremen, for
New York.
LONDON— Arrived— July 4— Mera. Tacoma.
San Francisco, etc, via Guatemala, etc., for
Hamburs.
BREMEN— Arrived, July »— Frlederlch der
Gro9se, New York,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 2— Sardinian,
Montreal. ' *
HONGKONG— Arrived July 2— Doric. San
Francisco, via Honolulu, Yokohama, etc.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 4— Stmr Finland,
from New York.
GIBRALTAR — Sailed July 4 — Stmr Prlnzess
Irene, from Genoa and Naples for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 4— Stmr Empress
of India, from Hongkong. Shanghai. Nagasaki
and Kobe for Vancouver.
Movements of Steamers.
Bark Holjiswood From Newcastle, Australia, Af
ter Voyage of Almost Constant Fierce Gales
and High Seas Comes Into Bay Partly Wrecked
WITHIN SIGHT OF PORT
AND DRIVEN BACK TO SEA
ARE TO NAME
REPUBLICANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, JULY 5, 1904.
14
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
/^5-*-^ffi"V wharvea (piers 9 and 11).
' Afif San Franelsco:
f(l.\nm ¦_. \S\ For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
I / VBf*Si 1 I Juneau. Haines, Skagway,
I V \m&l^SL I I etc. Alaska— 11 a. m., July
W\ li^^W 5. 0. 14, 19, 24. 29. Aug. 3.
VS^oI '/(?/ Change to Company's steam-
XAJfTuW/ ers at Seattle.
> *^S!S^^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. July 5. 9, 14. 19. 24. 29.
Aug. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; a.t Seattla
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
'For 'Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1 :30
p. m.. July 3, 9. 13. 21. 27. Aug. 2. Corona.
1 :30 p. m.. July 6. 12. 18. 2*. 30. Aug. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of. California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblano). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. July 2, 10. IS. 26. Aug. 3.
1 Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 6, 14. 22. 30, Aug. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
' Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904—
: The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria July S, 19,
Aug. 2. 16.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freisrht Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Sac Francisco. .
fiamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin-Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, IIAMBURO.
tPretorla July 16 Bulgaria July Ui>
Hamburg .• July 21 *Deutschland ..Aug. 4
JWaldersee July 2-'l tPennsylvinla .Aug. .0
•tMoltke July 2S JPatricia Aug. 13
•Has grill room and tgymnasium on board.
JW111 call at Dover for London and Paris.
HAMBUEO-AKEBICAH LIKE.
Offices. 35 and 37 Broadway. Nev* York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
To XT. S. XTavy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. l'\, foot of
Olay st., north end ferry bldg. — Week days.
0:30 A. M., 3 and »8 P. M.; Sunday*. 9:30
A. M., S P. M. Leave Vallejo — Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M. : Sundays. 5
P. M. Fare. 23c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo. Gl»n Cove nnd Martinez.
50c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
CO., phone Main «41. 'Saturday excepted.
To TJ. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIE. MONTICELLO and
ARROW— 9:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
M-, 6:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sundays. »:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M., 9:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON.
8:15 p. m., 6:00 p. m. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days, 7:00 A. M.. 4:15 p. m. Landing and
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Main
1503. HATCH BROS.
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LBSSEE3 i •
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnxon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAN SA7AEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:W. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40, 6:10, S:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m. ,
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40, 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKAXTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— ti:05. 6:5O. 7:35. 7:50. TM20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00, 3:40, 5:00. 5. JO,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 6:20. 6:25, 7:50 p. m.
t Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Fran. | May 1. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- J Destina- 1 Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 7:45al 7:45a
7:30 a 8:00a 8:40 a 8:40a
S:00a 9:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:"0p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:0O a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma, 6:20 p «:2O p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p| 7:25 p
¦Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p ' Geyserville. 7:2&t> 7:25 p
[ Cloverdale. \
7:30 al 7:30a| . Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
, j j Wlilits. j j
7:30 a] 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guerneville and 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. ( 8:45 pf 6:20 p
"VIoba 8:00 a 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10p 9:30a Sonoma. 6:0Op[6:20p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p|
7:30 al 7:30 al ' 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:25 p| tt:2Op
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark Wes^ Springs: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lyttrn for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Scrings, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Spnnss, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. "Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Halfway Houae, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood. Canto. Covelo, Layton-
ville. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. . R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sanialito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only), 12:20, 1:45. 3:15.
4:00. 4:35, 6:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9*:00. 10:2».
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a. m. 12:20, 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:35.
5:15. 5:50. 6:25, 7:15, 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17,
7-00 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m.,
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35, 4:20. 5:05, 5:40. 6:15.
6-55 # 7:5& 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05.
8:50 p. m. ¦
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.,
3-15 p. m. 5:15 p. m- (ex. Sat.). 'On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00,
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20, 1:00, 1:45. 2:30, 7:li
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRALNS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
etc
3:15 p. m- dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m.. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyest etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc. •
8:15 p. m., Sundays only — For Cazadero etc
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave ' Ti» feiulitt Ftrrj Arrive """"
San Frauctsco Y**l «f farkrt St. San Francisco
Week Sun- aa Sau- Week
Days, days. ifsSft^Sv daya. Days.
8:30a 12V45P* 8:45*
10:00a l»s§KfflSf 2:|6rMl:0Si
10:00a 11:00a raw<Ba£r 3:35 r 3:35 r
l:4Br12;20r 6:40 r 6:15 1
B:16p 1;45r >*&y 6:15 r 10:05 7
4:35 r 8:50 r
» Tla CriTlty Car. ' Tamalp»U U Mill Ul'ey.
Ticurr «62S Market St. (North Uhore Railroad)
Omen land Saosauto Ferry, foot Markst St.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEAR.VV ST. Established
lit 1SS4 for the treatment of I'rtvMte
Diseases. Lost Man Bond. Debility or
dfo»aa* treartngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
<arr«cnaranlrfd. Call or write.
Dr. J. *'. tilBBON, Sau Francisco. CaL
DEATH NOTICES:
Continued From Page Tlilrteen.
father of Mrs. Louise Duimlgan and brother
of Mrs. N. Derautel and Mrs. C. Eraond, a
native <if- Canada, aged 67 years 4 months
?n<*. 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully . invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ , 1,. mJuv 1 fl fc:W o'clock, rrom the funeral
parlors of Bunker & I^unt. '-'CWi Mission
*tr--'<?t, betwe-n Twenty-second ¦ and Twenty-
;hiru. thenc*- 10 the Church of Notre Dame
<!<•» Victoires. Hush stroet, between Grant
ft venue and Stockton street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repot* of tus soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRADLEY— In Portland Or.. July 1. 19O4.
Richard W. Bradley, beloved eon of Cap-
tain and Mrs. R. Bradley, a native of Cali-
fornia, a^ed 10 years 3 months and 7 days.
C3Trlcn<iB are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Tuesday, July 5.
19c4 at 2 o'clock, at his late home, 1415
Lafayette street, Alameda, Cal. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery.
CASEY— la Elmhurst. Alam«da County. July
2. 1904. Margaret Helen Casey, dearly be-
ioved wife of Jrweph J. Casey, and mother
at Geors*. Lloyd and William Casey, and
sister of Jchn ltobertson, and niece of Mrs.
Z. Connolly, a native of Scotland, aged 153
}<ars 2 months and 18 days.
E7"Fri<T.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-aay
• Tutaday). July ft, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. I". Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, where
Mrvtoea will be held under the auspices of
Francisco Circle No. 4V0, Women of
AVoodcraJt. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
Officers and Members of San Francisco
Circle No. 490 Women of Woodcraft: You
are hereby notified lo attend the funeral of
our late neighbor. M. Cafey, from the fu-
r.*ral parlor* of .Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
etreet, at 1 p m to-day (Tuesday).
C. FERE Guardian Neighbor.
A. J. O'DOXXELL. Clerk.
COLE— In this city. July ,,3. 1904, James S..
beloved son of John and the late Jane Cole,
a rintlve of Rhode Island.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday). July 5, at 6:15 o'clock, irom the
parlors cf Carew & English. 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cek brated
ior th-? repose of his soul, commencing at
" » o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross;
Cemetery-
D7USCOLL— Ju'.y 3, 1904. Daniel T.. beloved
husband of Annie Drifcoll. father of John
and Joseph Driscoll. and brother or Mrs. T.
Hurley and the late Patrick and Michael
IiriBColl. a native of Valencia Island. County
Kerry. Ireland.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the rariors of J. C. O'Connor &¦ Co.. 767
MlJvion street, between Third and Fourth.
DUFFY— In this city, July 4. 19O4. Elmer Jo-
•ej>h. beloved child of Neva and Neal Duffy.
G7" Interment private.
DUMPHY— In this city, July 1. 1904. Samuel,
beloved husband of Hannah Dumphy, and
father of James. Samuel, May, Josephine
and Francis Dumphy. Mrs. J. P. Burns and
the iate Daniel Dumphy. a native of Belfast.
Ireland, ased 49 years - months and C days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funtral to-day
«Tuesdjiyi at in.'M a. m.. irom the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of Ins soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
HALLIGAN— In this city. July 4. 1904. Alex-
ander, dearly b«-l«ved husband of Kate Hal-
lipan. and brother of John, David. Joseph
and the late Thomas Halligan. a native of
the parish of Carlingford. County Louth. Ire-
land, aged 43 years 11 months and 2S days.
Member cf Riggers' and Stevedores' Union,
Looal No. 222.
CJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at h:'M o'clock, from the par-
lors of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, between Green and Union, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a requiem high
ma^s will be celebrated for the repose of his
foci, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANL-— At sta, on board the British ship Port |
Higin. Frances Amelia Hand. Veloved wife
nf Captain Frank Hand, and sister of Dr.
J. L. John D. and W. A. Beeston and Mrs.
I>r. Nickson of Newcastle, New South Wales.
CyFrkuds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday. July 6, at 10
o'clock, -from the chapel of N. Gray & Co.,
.T5j gutter street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HOOPER— In this city. July 3. 1304. Frank-
lin P.. brother of John A.. Charles A. and
Georjre W. Hooper and Mrs. W. E. Norwood.
¦ a native of Bangor. Me., aged 67 years 9
months and 27 days.
CT'Noticc of funeral hereafter.
HOURIGAX— In this city. July 4. 1904. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of John Hourigan, and
loving mother of James Hourigan, Mrs. J.
fttphens and Mrs. E. Fitzpatrick, a native
cf Ireland.
CTNotite of funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In Oakland. July 4. 19C4. Bell
Johnson, beloved wife of Ii. W. F. Johnson,
a native of Atlanta. Ga., aged 49 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Thurs-
day. July 7. 19(4. at Beth Eden Baptist j
* rhurch. Eighth and Filbert streets, at 1
p. m. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland.
KENNEDY — In this city, July 2. 1904. Charles
Kennedy, a native of New York, aged 60
years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tervics
to-day (Tuesday). July 5. at 1:30 o'clock, ;
al (.!*• chai>el of Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
19CS> " Mission street, between Fifteenth and
bixt'.fnih. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KING— In this city, Ju'.y 4. 1904, William F..
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Dora King,
devoted father cf May. William and Joseph
King, and son of the late Luke and Mary
King, aged 28 years. A member of Engine.
2*. Han Francisco Fire Department, and also
of San Francisco Parlor No. 4t«, N. S. G. W.
LAVENSON — In Frankfort. Germany, July 1,
ISM. Rose, wife of the late Samuel Laven-
r-oti of Sacramento.
MEEHAN— In thl* city. Ju'.y 4. 1904. George,
beloved «on of George and the late Ros*
Meehan, and brother of Andrew, James and
Patrick Meehan, Mrs. C. Ganzert, Mr*. J.
Dwycr. Mrs. K. Clark and the late Michael
Meehan and Mrs. H. Ganzert. a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 25 years 11
months and 3 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at St a. m., from his late resl-
dene. 1553 Fifteenth street, corner of Capp,
thence to St. Charles Uorromeo's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEHRTEN— In this city. July 4. 1904, John
Mehrten. a native of England, aged 84 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at K:30 o'clock, from the par-
Ion" of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo'a
Church. Eighteenth and Shotwell streeta.
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery'.
IOORE— In this city, July 1, 1904. Lester H..
beloved son of Fannie and the late John H.
Moore, and brother cf Benjamin F., Nettle
and Mattle Moore, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 years 6 months and 21 days.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite 1 to attend the funeral services
. to-clay (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m.,
at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Halsted & Co., 948
Mission etreet.
MORRISON— In thia city. July 3. 1904, at the
Convent of the Holy Family, Sister M. Se-
bastian. belo\*ed daughter of Jonas and Mary
Morrison . a native of San Francisco.
C7A requiem high mass will be offered
for the repose of her soul In the convent
. chapel Wednesday, July 6, at 9 a. m.
MULCAHY — In this city, July 3, 1904 Thomaa
Mulcahy, a native of Ireland, aged '35 years.
NICHOLS — In this city, July 4. 1804. at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. D. " G. Mc-
Millan, 1110 Devlsadero street. Mary L.
Nichols, beloved mother of Mrs. Howard H
Cas« and William D. Nichols of Alameda.
CTFur.cral private.
O'NEILL — In this city. July 4, 1804. Eunice
Friel O'Neill, beloved' widow of the late
Frank O'NeilL and mother of Dr. Arthur
A. and F. O. O'Neill, a native of Ireland,
eged <J5 years 2 months and 29 days.
C^Tbc funeral will take place to-morrow
<V?*dn»*day). at ft:30 o'clock, from St. Pat-
rJcV'g Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the r<»pose of her
soul. Interment private. IttSly Crofs Ceme-
tery. Remains at the- parlors of McAvoy Sc
' Co.. 1233 Market street, near Ninth.
ORR— In Pasktr.ta. Tehama County, Cal., July
I. William J., brloved brother of Dr. Robert
H.. LJ7.2a A. and Annie C. Orr. a native of
• San Frcncineo. «
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
vTuetday) at 9:30 o'clock from St. Patrlck'a
Church, wh<?re a solemn requiem high man
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery Remains at
the parlcrs cf J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
• Mission street.
•PEEK— In Sunol. July 3. 1904 John Wnffson
Peek, husband of Harriet Pamilla Pe*k. and
father of Mrs. G. L. Nusbaumer. S. W. Peek
and Mrs. J. W. Fopp, a native of Ohio, aged
. 73 years.
TRINZ— In thi« city. July 4. i»04. Olga be-
loved daughter of Fred W. and Ruby Prinz
and FisifT of Freddie and Georgie Prinz'
atrcd 1 month and 14 daya.
.T.'J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
C3Z9-Z341 Mission st., near Nineteenth. '
San Francisco.
James McGinn. HenrTHanaen^^i
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. ¦ '.:
— — Funrr^i Directors and Embalmers——
•. 214 Eddy St.: Te!.- South 87",
CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. Ann Gallagher desires to return her
sincere thanks to friends, Hackmen's Union,
Local No 224 and Stablemen's Union No.
S760. who so kindly attended the funeral of
her late husband. Anthony Owen Gallagher.
RAXZULO— In this cltr. July 3. 1904. Howard
Dominic. Infant son of Anthony A. and I>eo-
nore Hanzulo <nee Luga(jn)..a native of San
Franelsco aged 7 months. and 6 days.
¦EZT Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fOUy Invited to attend the funeral to-lay
(Tuesday) July 6, 190*. «t 1:30 ©"clock, irom
hU parents' home. 2422 FiUmore street,
thence to St. Dominic'* Church for services.
Interment Holy Crow Cemetery.
RICHARDSON— In East San Jose. July 3.
1904 Mary C. beloved wife of David S.
* Richardson, and mother of Frank H. Rich-
ardson, a native of New Hampshire, aged
76 years
ICFrirnds and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from th« family
residence. 10 Jones avenue, East San Jose.
RTAN— In St. Louis. Mo.. July 1. 1904. Jo-
reph.R. Ryan of Virginia City. Nev., aged
£>5 years.
ET-The funeral services will take place
¦Wednesday. July 6. at Elks* Hall. 223 but-
ter street, at 1 o'clock. . •
B P. O Elks: Officers and members or
San" Francisco Lodge No. 3 are notified to
attend the funeral cf our .late brother Jo-
seph R. Ryan, from the lodg-eroom, Wednes-
day at 1 p. m. sharp.
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE, Exalted Ruler.
6CHNEEGASS— In Cazadero. July 3. 1004,
Charlotte Schneegass. belov*d wife of the
late Adolph Schnee»?ass. and mother of Mrs.
Goehring:. Bertha. Amelia, Fred and
Adolph Schneefca*s. a native of Gotha.
Saxony, Germany, aged 75 years 8 montna
• and 23 day*.
(ETFuncral services will be held to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence. 715 Lyon etreet. Interment pri-
vate.
STROSS— In this city. July 4. 180*. Emile
Stross, beloved sen of William and Emtle
StrosB. and brother of Albert Stross, aged
S years and 2 months.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
TOMALTY— In this city, July 4. 1904. Patriok
J.. beloved husband of the late Ellen To-
malty, and beloved father of James C. John
J.. Emmet F.. Adam E.. Joseph. Annie E.
and Alice M. Tomalty. a naCrve of Ireland,
afred C5 years and C months.
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviied to attend the funeral to-morrow
t Wednesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 37 Woodward avenue, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, thence, to
X?l!«Eion Dolores Church, where a requiem
' high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
"WOLFSOHN — In San Leandro. July 3. 1004.
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Wolfsohn.
father of Rachel. Mark. Jacob. Eva. Guasle,
Julian. Fred and Mast Wolfsohn, and broth-
er of Mrs. Dora Mucha. a native of Germany;
aged 64 years 11 months and 26 days.
AUCTION SALES
One Hundred and Twenty-Five
Horses for Sale!
By'ord«r of Win. Juel! of Rocklin. CaL
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION 125 horse*.
Thla consignment consists of a choice lot of
youmr geldings and mares, broken and un-
broken, weighing from 1C00 to 14C0 pounds.
Sale takes place on
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday, July 6, st II a. m,
At J. B. HORAN'S SALE TARD3. corner
TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
Horsea can be seen at yards at any time
previous to sale.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
Just Arrived.
SO FINE DRIVING and WAGON HORSES, all
WELL. BROKEN. SEVERAL MATCHED
TEAMS AND BLACK SADDLE HORSES.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third st.. Near Fclsom.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
£» £^ £>>
AUCTION SALE— ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET, 327 Sixth st. At 11 a. ra., Wednesday,
jdly 6. I will sell a lot of stood work and
driving horses. l>u?gles, wazons an ! harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
*v_ By order of D. Selmen of San Jose. I
J^** will sell at auction, one car of all-
purpose horses, with a lot of good wagons,
buggies, surreys, carts and harness at 1149
Folsrm st., Tuesday, July 5. at 11 a. m.
WTLLIAM CLOt'OH. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦ CALIFORNIA H
fl LIMITED TO CHICAGO E
m LEAVES MOHDAYS aad THURSDAYS t\
BJ at ;>:.'*,<> a. m., throng: h in S dayi, 14
J with diner and all trapping*. H
. Other Santa Fa Train*:
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno, Bakers Aeld,
8:00 p] ml J M«" ce <*. Hanford and VlsaUa.
4: CO p. m- for Stockton.
8:00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orncxs — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South Pint st,
San Joae.
>*5r" W*N». Tnlm ltare aad are doa
XVt<<Ttr>^VX to arrive at
L £|raS«J 2 J S AN FRANCISCO,
V'^v frjt /O/ Fao« Jult 8. 130*.
N^ffi^^f "y FmaT D«tot
(Toot of Marten Street >
i.»at« - MAIN LINE. -HiT^T
7-00* VactTHle. Winter*. Runner 7 SO?
700a Bealcla, £lm!ra sad 8»cr»m?nto.. 7 20o
7 -30a Vullejo. Nap*. uiisMz*. Santa
,__ Rosa, Martinez. 8»n Ramon t 20p
7.30a Mle».Trmcy. Latarop. Siodron 7.20»
8410a Shaaia ExpreM— (Via D»Tli).
Wlliiami (for Bartlett Sprln*»>.
Willow*, ?rroto. Ke«i BluX
Portland. Ttcoma. Seattle...... 7.50*
t-OOA D«Tl«. Woodland. Knlgb:* l.*n '.:nj.
MarysTllle. Ch'eo. OroTllle 7-50*
840A Port Costa. Martinez. Antlictl.
Byron, Tracr. Stockton. New-
man. Loa Bunoa. Men data. ¦¦¦
Armon*. Haaford. Vita I la.
FortorTn!* 4 ¦*fl»
8.30a Port Costa. Modfito, Merced.
J"re«no. uosasn J auction, H«v
ford. V!»*l!a. liakrriileld 4.50*
¦ ¦30a Sties. San Joae. Llrermore. Stork-
ton. (*M II toa). lone, Saommento,
MarrsTllle. Chlco. ICed Bluff 4 2O
8-3CA Oaldale. Ctilnean. JaiB<**:i>wn. 3»
nora. Tnolumne and Angela 20»
8 00a Atlantic Rxprea»— Ogrten mod E«at. 5 23»
8 30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 6 50p
1000a The Orerland Limited — Oeden.
Omaha. Chicago, l>enver, Kansas
City. St. Lou!» BTTIm
IOCOa Vallejo 12.20*
10.00a Los _anar<»Iei Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Trscr.
Latarop. S lock ton. Mere«<t. '
Raymcad. Fresno, Goahrn .lur.c-
tttia. H«nford. Leracore. VUV.ta.
Bakenaeld. Loa Ansrlea 72R»
12.00m Hayward. Ntle» an<l Way Station*. J 20=»
11 .OOP Sacramento Rlrer Steamer*. ti 1 .0 Jp
3 30p Bealeta, Wintrr*. Sacrararnto.
Woodland, \\ l,:o-»». Kalfrhra
Landing, Marr*r!!lc OroTllle
- a«a way iut:oai w . 10.50a
8.30P Hayward. Kllea and Way Statlona.. 7 60?
4XCPMarttnes.8aai:araon.Va!leJo,Napa.
CalUtoj*. SiotaKoii 9204
400P!Tlies. Tracr. Stockton. I.odt 4.20<»
. 4-30P Ha/ward. Klles. IrTtn£ton, s»a » tS.SO*
Jose. LiTermore j t11 BOA
6 OOp Tbe Owl Llml'.ed— Newm-n. l.o*
Bano*. Mrn.ioT.v Frnaa*. Tularo,
.___ BakersBeld-LoaAngelea B.S04
T530P Hayward. Nile* ami ms Jcse 7.20a
8-OOp Bayward. NHea and Sin .lose. 9 50a
S.COp Eastern Expreis— Opden. Omaha,
Chicago. Denver. Kansas Cltr,
St.Lou.'s. tla Martinez. S:ocktoa.
... Sacramento. Colfaj. Rrno 12.60*
•OOP Tallelo. dally, except dunday.... 1 - ...
7-00P Vallejo. Sunday only (* '-M*
7 -0CP Richmond. San Pablo. Port Cotta,
,„ Martlaex and Way Stations 1123*
/•OOP Eeno Paaarnger— Port Costa. Sul-
•na. Elmira. Darls. Sacramrnto,
Troekee, Lake Taaoe. Reno,
Toaopab. Spark* 7.50A
8 05p Port Corta. Martlnes. Byron.
Traejr. Lathrop. M«de*to.
MerceU. Urremi.i. Fresno and
. __ Way Stations beyond Port Coat* 12-20*
8-06P To*em!te Valley. Tla Bvrrnda aud
• _ Wawona 8 60*
8.06P Martinez. Tracy. Stuckion 1Q 20a
¦ ObP Oregoa A California F.iprets— ?»c-
raaaato. Marytvllle. Beddlac.
. ._ PortIaad.Po(iet8ona<lan4«aat. 8-504
8.10P Bayward. Nile* aad Saa Joae(9oa-
dayonly). 11604
COAST LINE Harrow «a«g«).
m (Toot of Market Street.)
7-45a Santa Cruz Kzcnrslon(Sandayoaly) 81 0*
8.16a Newark. Centerritte. Saa Jose.
Felton. BoslderCreek. BlfcBada,
Santa Crnz and Way Stations... 5 55»
TS-1 5a AlTarado. Xewark. San Joie, Loa
Gatos,Glenwoo4, Felton. P.oulder
i _.. Creek. BU Basin. Santa. Crnz.... 8.10*
t2.15pnewark. CenterrlllB. Saa Jo»«,
New Alraaden.Loa Gatot.Ff :tca.
Bonlder Crook. Santa Cms and
¦-^- Principal Way SUtl<in» 10554
4.1BP Newark. 8an Joie. Lo* Gato« tS.S54
4.1SP Wiizbt. Boulder Creak and Santa
Crnz. Satnrday and Sunday only. 68-554
COAST LINE «Br«ad uaaee).
%W (third a B.i Towniand Streeu.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Statlvna 3 3Qp
1700a Saa Jose and W»y Station* S-40*
7.16a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur-
sion (Snaday only) 19 30^
8.00a New A'.mnrlrn (Taee.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
B-OOa The Coaster— San Joae. Saltnaa.
San Ard-'i. Pa*o Roblea, Santa
Margarita. San l.ula Ohlapo. Santa
Barbara. San Boenaxentiira,
MontalTO, Oxnard. Bnrbaak, Lo*
Anntlri . 10 4S*
800a Gllroy. IiollUtrr. CastroTllle. Del lu * am
Monte, PaelJlc GroTe, Surf, Lon>
poc . 10 45*
9.00a San Joie. Tree Pino*. CapVtoVa.
SantaCmz.PaeiacGroTe.Salinaa.
San Luis Ot»!»po aad Principal
Way Stattona * Jiff*
10.30a San Joie aad Way Station*'."" .'.' im*
113Ca Santa Clara. San Jote. Loa Gatoa
and Way Station* 7 30-
*H Cp H" D Jose * nd W * T Stations '.'.'.".'.'.I ¦ J3a
t3 OOP Del Monte i:xpre.a^-s,nta Clara.
| mn l foy. I>«1 Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Groro. . 12 15*
340P BarllnKame. San Joir. Gnfoy'. Hoi-
lister, Tre« pmoa. Pa'aro. Qapl-
tola. Saau Crux, Ca.troflUe.
.,, „ Ballna*. I'acloc GroTe ,... 18 4^4
« «S P c W , Jo j;'' tntl w »y Station*....;. : tS-OO*
« OOP Santa Clara. Ran Jote. Loa Oatos. IO - UU *
WrlRh; aad principal Way Sta-
»c tn . Uun » (except Sandar> t9 00a
lisa f n" J 7 r V" 1 1 * r '» t 'l>»» Wai Sta«o«; |$ 404
6 46PSnptet Express.-Knlwood. Saa
Jone Gilroy.Sallaaa.Paso Uoblea.
6aa Lnl» Ot>Upo. Santa B«rl»ara.
Lo» Aoeele*. i)-mlnz. Ei Paao,
-._ - h . tw Orleans. K«w Torlc.. . 71a.
6.48pPaJar«. Capltola, Santa Criz.C^ 710A
?a is. »i ro »V Ue ' I) S l Monte.PaeiaeGroT*. ia4S»
ti-15P t^kMateo.Ber«aford.Bnlmoni.8aa IU^ H3^
Carloa. Kedwood. F»lr Oaka, . -
._. ,, M '« to Park. Paio Alto t«48»
11.30P bonth SanFranclsJo. MUlbrai! Bn^
«i 30PMi»d. p M^ n '-t/ v l law A1^ n - B> : •«*
jale, Lawrence. Santa Clam and
. B " Jwt - rS.4?»
jSaardayoafy. »MrodaV^iL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ill carters!'
figfcffif IBB rliiLd
SSOfC HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Uttle Pills. .
Thej also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dro-jrsl-
aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thsj
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
0HUSEUH OF flHATOftYl
Q CtB 1531MAS2XrST.t;:.5:hi7i,3.r.CiI. h
\ CJ? The Ltrgeit Anatomical Museum in tbe \ I
V M* LXJi»i. World. Wuknei'M er any cr.ntraeted A
6 1*5? KfJ di«e«e p»»IHwely . «r.d tijr the oldeit Y *
IffiMgfl Specialist on the Cout. Est. 36 years. Q
A ttfjg? fr DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
\ V v8S"?^N Con-oltttion free and itri'tly priratc. \
Q ft fSftf n TrcMtnicni p*r»on»liy or by Inter. A Q
\ N W H H ¦* >B * li ' M c " r# ta eT « r y ease undertaken. T
n P // tint Writ* for Book. PDiLo«ornv*r A
"it I "*'""*««• MAILED FREE. (A V
A (J ip ralucble book for ram) \
(' CaJonDAK «**:©.. 1051 Afarlcet St.. 8. F. Y
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ameisica.it line.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York, Saturdays. 0:30 a. m.
Philadelphia.... July lSINew York July 30
St. Liouls July 23|St. Paul Aug. 6
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LIKE.
New York — London Direct.
Minneapolis July 1C, 8 a. m.
Moraba July 23, 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka July 30, 7:30 a. m.
Mlnnehaha Aug-. 6, noon
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion -July 16| Canada July 30
Southwark July 23IVancouver Aug. 6
HOLIAND-AHEBICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 1^,500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Potsdam July UtlRyndam Aug. 0
Rotterdam Aug. UlNoordam Aug. 10
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York, Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland Ju ly 1 1>| Vaderland July SO
Finland July 23|Kroonland Auy. 8
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Majestic. July 20, 10 amfArablc. ..July 29, 6 am
Cedrlc.July 22. 1 pm Teutonic. Aug. 3, 10 am
Oceanic. .July 27, 5 pmlOltlc Aug. 5. noon
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cretlc July 28, Aug. 25, Sept 22
Republic (new). Aug. II. Sept. 8, Oct. 6
Cymric Aug. 18. Sept. 15. Oct. 13,
NEW SEEVICE FBOM BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11,400 to 15.000 Tons. •
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDZTEBBANEAN, VIA AZOBES.
GIBRALTAE, NAPLES. GENOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17, Oct. 20, Dee. S
CANOPIC : Oct. 8, Nov. 19
First class. $65 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenirer Agent Paciflo Coast,
21 Post St., San Francisco.
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. F*AUL
CAPTAIN C. E. LINDQUIST
(Carrying U. S. Malls.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
MONDAY. JULY II; 2 P. M.
Connecting with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the- Company's River Steanwrs
for Fairbanks and all points on KOYUKUK.
TANA N A and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to ".- ' 1.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
510 CroBsley building, cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
occonics.s.co. g^&ss ? jg
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. July 7. 2 p.m.
S. S. AbAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 16. 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 9. 11 a. m.
J.D.SPBECKELS k BROS. CO. > Ajts.,TiCl[Bt OfflC! 613 Mir-
Kei might- OSes 329 Mix si. Pur /. fini; St
' lOKPAONIE GENERALS TBAN3ATL ANTIQtTi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,-.
, balling every Thursday Instead of A^kdxh
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, +JaB£tp
North River, foot of Morton st. • - ..
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, - 945 . and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue. Ean Francisco,
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.NEW YORK. July 4. — Defying the
Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company to
collect a second fare between Brooklyn
and Coney Island, nearly 1000 pas
sengers were ejected during Sunday
when the- cars reached Neck road,
where the second nickel is taken. The
passengers refused to pay the second
fare because a recent decision* bearing
on the question was to the effect that
passengers were entitled to ride all the
way for 5 cents.
Many free fights occurred. A large
force of strong inspectors awaited each
car at Keck road and in two instances
they were beaten off when passen
gers dismounted from several cars and
took the part of their fellow travelers.
PASSENGERS REFUSE TO PAY
AXD ARE PUT OFF THE CARS
James Lojjan. who lives on Ten
nessee street, was in a saloon yester
day afternoon at 906 -Kearny street
and sat down at a table with Mary
Bowen, a woman employed in a can
ning factory, to have a drink. Hi3
watch, valued at $20, was unfastened
from the chain and he accused the
woman of taking it She denied it and
a man came up and knocked him
down. Logan complained to Police
man de Guire, who arrested the
woman and booked her at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
Says Woman Stole His Watch.
Eva Powers, the 16-year-old girl
who was arrested at her home, 1215
Valencia street, on Sunday afternoon
charged With striking her mother, is
still in the City Prison. Her father
Called upon her yesterday and their
greeting was affectionate. Her mother
refused to go to the prison to see her,
but remained downstairs. The father
pleaded with the girl to apologize to
her mother, but she declined, saying
there was nothing she had done need-
Ing an apology. When the father told
his wife of the girl's decision she was
furious and insisted that the proper
place for Eva was the Magdalen Asy
lum. The case will be called in court
this morning.
Her Mother Is Obdurate.
By the death of Mendell Welcker,
whose funeral took place from St.
Mark's Church. Berkeley, last Friday,
the university town loses one of its
most prominent and esteemed resi
dents. Mr. Welcker died at Los An
geles June 27. He was a son of the
late William T. Welcker, formerly
head of the department of mathemat
ics of the State University and later
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
The late Mendell Welcker served in
the office of Superintendent of Public
Instruction for four years and had
also been connected with business en
terprises in San Francisco. He leaves
a wife, mother, brother and sister and
a large circle of frjends.
Berkeley Loses Honored Citizen.
If you are going to World's Fair get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Ask about it. T. K, State
ler. General Acent. 047 Market street, San
Francisco. •
Cheap Rates East.
"I am going to stay here and defend
myself and my rights," he said. "I
have had the best legal advice and was
told to stand on my constitutional
rights as a citizen^and not submit to
the tyranny and "oppression of the
Citizens' Alliance."
The only accusation ever brought
against Floaten was that he transacted
the financial business of the Miners'
Union. It is generally believed that he
will now be permitted to remain here.
TELLURIDE, Colo., July 4. — Harry
A. Floaten, manager of the People's
Supply Company's store in this city,
who has been twice deported by the
Citizens' Alliance, supported by the
military authorities, returned to-day.
He was not molested on alighting: from
the train.
Colorado Merchant Who Was De
ported Twice Re-enters District.
RETURNS TO TELLURIDE.
Sheriff Bell said that nothing would
be done in the matter of Moyer's bond
until to-morrow. It is understood that
all preliminaries to supplying a bond
for 510,000 have been arranged, and that
to-morrow the formal signing of the
bond will occur and Moyer be set free.
Moyer has been confined as \ a mili
tary and civil prisoner for 102 days. He
Is at present charged with murder as a
result of the riot at Victor, Colo., the
day following the Independence explo
sion. The informations filed against
Moyer are the outgrowth of a circular
issued by the old executive board of the
Western Federation of Miners and are
based on the Illinois case of August
Spies, who, though far away from the
scenes of the Haymarket riot, was held
equally guilty with the actual partici
pants because of certain writings and
speeches, which it was claimed Incited
others to riot.
The only demonstration occurred as
Sheriff Bell and his charge were step
ping on a street car. Three cheers for
Moyer were called for and given- veith
zest. The party went at once to a hotel
and registered.
DENVER, July 4.— In charge of Sher
iff Bell of Teller County and a deputy,
Charles H. Moyer, president of the
Western Federation of Miners, arrived
in this city from Cripple Creek to-night.
Moyer was brought here for the pur
pose of securing his freedom on bond.
None of the officers of the federation
were at the depot to greet him, al
though a crowd was gathered on the
depot platform, in which was a group
of deported Cripple Creek and Tellu
ride miners.
The R:v. Mr. Richardson, pastor of
the First Christian Church. Kansas
City, will preach at West Side Chris
tian Church next Sunday morning.
¦'Viliiam H. Holt, organist and choir
master of Grace Church, California and
Stockton streets, Is preparing to re
hearse some great sacred music for
hi? next monthly programme at Grace
Church.
The Rev. E. Clarence Oakley, former
ly of Oakland and more recently of
Detroit, Mich., has been engaged by
the Congregational Church at Eugene,
Ore., to supply that pulpit for the next
two months. It is probable that the
Rev. Mr. Oakley will receive a call as
settled pastor of the .church.
Among the announcements made yes
terday was the information that the
Rev. James A. Chamberlain, D. D.. of
the Congregational Church, Sacramen
to, is about to close his labors in that
city, lie wiil remove with his family
to Berkeley.
A trolley party under the auspices of
the Epworth Leasuo AMiance will take
place Tuesdav evening, July 19. The
party wil! start from Thirteenth and
Mission streets at 8:15 sharp, and
those who intend joining the excursion
ure reouested to take with them a
basket lunch.
During the intervals of labor in the
orchards and fields they lose no oppor
tunity to improve themselves by study,
with the result that on their return to
the missions they at least have not gone
backward in the acquirement of the
language or in their other lessons.
George W. White, a prominent mem
ber of the Benicla Congregational
Church, attended the Christian. En
deavor convention at Santa Rosa for
tm purpose of getting a final answer
from the Rev. E;^S. Hadlock, of Kan
sas, !n reference to a call issued by the
Benicia church. Mr. Hadlock's reply
is expected shortly.
The Rev. H. L.. Bates, of Forest
Grove, Ore., principal of the Tualatin
Academy, is on a visit here. He is in
attendance at the Summer School of
the University of California. He was
formerly pastor at the Petaluma Con
gregational Church, but has devoted
himself entirely to educational work
for some time.
"All the Japanese and Chinese con
nected with the Japanese and Chinese
missions of the Congregational Church
have cone out to the orchards," said
the Rev. Dr. W. C. Pond yesterday at
Congregational Church headquarters,
V. M. C. A. building.
"It is the usual cuEtom at this time
of year for them to depart," the doctor
continued. "The work they do is. use
ful to the community as well as of ben
efit to the men themselves."
The Japanese and Chinese who have
COne into the orchards to pick and pack
fruit for the markets of the land are
all apt students and industrious young
men. They are enthusiastic in their
study of the English lansruage and
steadfast in their profession of Chris
tianity.
Miner Visits Colorado Cap
ital for the Purpose of
Securing Freedom 011 Bond
Young Folks to Enjoy an
Evening Ride Under Aus
pices of Epworth "League
TROLLEY TRIP PLANNED
IX CHARGE OF SHERIFF
Charles H. Moyef Heartily
Greeted by Large Assem
blage at Denver Depot
Annual Exodus of Japanese
and Chinese of . the City
for a Summer Occupation
CROWD CHEERS
UNION LEADER
STUDENTS AWAY
FOR ORCHARDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 5, 1004.
15
Highland
Springs
Bat Moro Distinctive Points That Ap-
peal to Those Going 1 to the Country
Th'aa Any Other F.esort.
THE -VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OF * THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATERS: the mahy . amusements —
dancing, swimming, tennis, bowling:, cro-
quet, shuffleboard. etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestra; the shady grounds; electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy: livery stable, etc., prove this.
Term^ $10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
S CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Spring's, take Co., Cal.
I Spend Your Vacation
for a 1
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Cnfintfc San Luis Oblspo.
opnrigs cai.
The most ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs, San Luis
Obispo. Cal.. and return. Including stage
to and from springs and one week's
board for 92O.OO to 922.OO, according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations 90.OO to 912.OO per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
boating and fishing on grounds. Fin:
shady walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
¦ throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium,
PARAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
. The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovate.1
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. \V.
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
•'IN THE MOUNTAINS BY THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND- Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man-
agement. Round trip trickets from San Fran-
cts.co $3. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE, Lessee. .
Harbin Springs
Most desirable In Lake Co.; contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and bllllard-room. Acetylene gas
plant, livery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip tickets, S. P. of flee, f.7. J. A.
HAYS, Proprietor.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, fishing,
boa:lng. launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark- '
room, warm eoda geyser in bathhouse', club-
house, etc.. increased accommodations, modern
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed. Table *
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photo«
¦ nd Information at Chatflrld & Vinzent's 223
Montgomery st.. or LEE D. CRAIG. Manager/
Soda Bay. KeUeyvlll* P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle in a srrove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts: 4i> new
boats; wi'.i build a dam In tha river; 4 miles
of smcoth water for boating and bathing.
Adults SI" per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fnro-
illfs. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Camrj Vacation, "Vacation" P. O.. sit-
noma County. Cal.
KLAMATH SPRING V
"Beswtck. Slsklyou County, California.
Write to EDSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
1." different mineral springs. Information at
Peck's Kureau, 11 Montgomery St.. or <tt J.
MARTENS, Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
*,*¦-* mmm-mt #* Mcnlo Park, one hour from
llfllTTlp city. Nine trains dally. Per-
n 1111 IX f«ct climate; beautiful place;
1IVI I I V comfort and quirt; excellent
table.
Addrets W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Holtt'a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved: 1900 feet altitude: no
/eg; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water; cement
swimming tank. 40x80. Rates JS week up; stage
meets train. Schuler & Scheben, Napa. Cal.
JOHANNISBBRG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
lr.g; $10 and 512 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG'JR.. Prop.. Oakville. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
1^^^ A^VaS3 Awning's, Hammocks,
aB&>s£a2£££l w. a. flumieeb.
Tel. Main 540. Ill Clay at.
H3 F0H CAMP HESKEtf! MEW ENGLAND HOKII
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake: fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and "lath-
ing. . pavilions with pianos, fresh fruits in
plenty. ¦• Board and lodging, only $6 to $7 er
week. Address GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker) Sonoma County.
LA HONDA AND P5SCAD5RO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend, and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages direct '
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City]
'"Fusoein
Mineral Springs.
OPEN EVZBT DAT IN TOTB TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxla. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
Spring*. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach head and bladder as a re-
sult of the disease; these troubles bKtm*
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
arum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
T nerves wrecked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths — after three weeks' treatment
stomach, bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores In seventeen towns of the
State of California; am well known in down-
town districts of San Francisco; inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
months ago. Further Information, addreas
LOUIS JACOBS. « Stockton St.. San Francisco.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 50c in stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round- trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan. Cal.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS." SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
DR. O. C. O'DOlttSrEELirj'S
MINERAL SPRINGS At GLEN ELLEN,
th? b*-rt camping, picnic and pleasure re-
scrt on the coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world- 49
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. K. R. give special rates to campers;
:;0 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Mrala
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office
1021 u Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San
Francisco.
LYTTON SPRINGS
N<-w management; no staging; depot on
grounds; phone: fare $2 40; Tlburon ferry;
rates $10 to $13 week; table first close: our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery^ billiards; troquet. Booklet Peek's Bu-
reau. 11 Mortgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROES. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a ho«ult.tl; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms:
ideal location; 5(4 acres; one block from street
cars; write for literature. San Jose. CaL
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects bt Truckee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reachlrg S. F. at 7:50 a. m.
THE TALLAC, lAK L T L AH0E -
Cafe European. Nurses, maids and children.
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior. to any.
¦¦ M. LAWRENCE k. CO.
BROCKWAY
Lake Tahoe.
OPEITS JUZTE 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr-
Brcckway. CaL '
RUBICOK PASS— A delightful resort
on shore* of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly nshlng and
hunting in s«ascn. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates 12 a day or
f>-on-. «1O to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. T*. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cat
LAKH SHOES HOUSE — Glenbrook.
Kir. Cottages to ren: S3 up. lst-class board, milk
and crjam. fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
IIFFP PAPIf IKN ttnd «*t«es: C miles from
1ICCK I Alifi inn Lake Tahoe: open June 1;
elevation G307 feet; mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
WHITNEY HOUSE,
Truckee. Cal. The leading hotel. Head<ruar«
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter reaort. Mral station, for pass n-
gera. Stage for Lakes Independence and \v*o-
ber. CaniDbrll Hot i Sprlntcs and Slerravllle,
STEWART McKAT. proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table: climate per*
feet; ltf miles from Truckee. In an unbroken
forest.' For Information ¦ Inquire at Traveler
office. SO Montgomery st.. Peck's Information
Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons. Truekee. Cal.
CAMPBELL EOT EPBHTGS.
In SUrra 'Nevada Mountains. Sierra County.
SOCO fett elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley. 3u
mites long by & miles wide. .surrounding whicn
Is the great primeval forest of pine and fir a
specialty la made of the tabK The hot spring*
are uuequsled fcr th« cure of rheumatism
kcui. liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and .skin diseases. Rates tor room, and board.
$11 to $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to- springs- *U" Boca, $IV 60. ¦:¦ Stage'
dally exctpt Sunday, connecting with 6 p. m.
train from Sun . Francis ca.
IT'S FUNNY how so many men act.
They toil and labor and struggle.
AND NEVER for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AHD HOW FOOLISH for those re-
siding in this vicinity, when right
at their door lies the playground,
quickly and cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally
give up the daily grind,
DO NOT make your wife and chil-
dren continually walk the treadmill.
AT LEAST give them a chance for
a little change of air that will bring
some color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday.
AND FORGET yourself as your
children poke grass down your
neck, and in your nose and eyes
and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp.
BREAK AWAY and give your fam-
ily a chance to get acquainted with
you,
AND CALL or write for
VACATION 1904
A book of 160 pages issued by the
California Northwestern Railway
Company (The Picturesque Route of
California), giving Camping Loca-
tions, Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts
and a long list of Country Homes
where board for the Summer can be
secured at from $7.00 per week up.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St. (Chroni-
cle Building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office. Mutual .Life
Building. Sansome and California Sts..
San Francisco.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN*. Genl Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER Sprfnss
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Pe»l-
tlve cure for rheumatism, asthma. Wondfrfal
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swtmminj pond, orchestra. Fare $3 re-
turn trip. E>ctrlc lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Hates 910 to i\i
per week. Baths and amusements free. H. U.
McGOWAN. prop.. Selgler. Lake Cb.. Cal.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriage* direct to O*
most picturesque portion of California. 8#«t
equipped ttage line tn the 9 tat*. Leaves Calls*
toga daily (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. tn..
dlrsct to Harbtn. 8elglcr. Adams. Howard. An-
derson, Hoberg*. Spiers, Astorrs and C)»o»
brook; r-alf hour for lunch at Calistos»>; also to
Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllla an4
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
WM. SPIERS. Froprlrtor.
RSTUBZT XOaOT. SEPTEMBER 30. 1904.
TAKE BOAT AT TZBTrXOS TZBBT.
Ticket Office. » Market »t. (Cbroalcl*
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
st. General Office, Mutual Life Building, Saa-
sorce and California sts., £an Francisco.
JAS. L. FIIAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manaser. Gen. Pass. Agent.
LAKEPORT AND BARTXETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hooiand to Bartlett Spring*,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hooland. Leav* HopUnd at 12:30;
arrive at LakcDort at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New «- horse 14-passeng»r
tourist wagons, with alt th« moat modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlatt Sprtaca
Stage Lln*. Tickets can be purchased at ofne*
of California N. W. Ry.. «30 Market «.. o»
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLEIl * HOWARD. Prop*.
WiUTH STJTIiPHTTB SPSiarGS, VaQaJo,
Cal. — Most at.ce»»lb!e springs to 8an Francisco;
' round trio $1. no stage fare; only 2V» hours*
'. ride: S miles from Vallejo: not. cold and
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cure a of rtt«u-
matlsm, nturaljrla. ectema. kidney. llTer an4
stomach disease*. Beautiful ground* and lax*
for boAtlnc and bathing. Dancing parillon.
New bowlinic alley and shufiU boaril Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. AAdreas MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
Hotel del Casadero-— Giant Redwood
Grove; free Csunplns. Hunting, fishing, bathing,
boating, dancing, livery stable; flrst-claa*
board. Sansalito ferry: round trip. $3 75. good
six month*. Rates. $2 day, $10 to $14 w««k;
rcduceil rates by the month. Villa lots for gal*.
J. J. THIRION. Prop.. Cazadero, Sonoma Co..
Cal.. cr North Shore Railroad. <£*3 Market »t.
OWX in mountains CAM?
SUMMEE HOSTS of Snnor«a Co. MEIin
/Pure water, equable climate, lota telltzxs $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $3«> up; depot;
stores: restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone: sawmill: OCO lots sold: 200 cottag'*
built. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. It. M. C
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
OCCIDEKTAI. HOTEL. HATWAJtSS.
! . First-class resort; tennis, cnxiuat. bowling,
amusement hall, etc Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD, Prop.:
phone Black 141.
OSAWS CENTRAL HOTEX*. Oa^rat-
; rill*. Cat — New management: thoroughly r«-
: ntted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fisher*. Rates $S and 910 a week. Ad-
dre»» F. PLATH. auernevllle. Cal.
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully locaUd in
redwoods ft miles from Sunu Crux. Spring
water, irult. tallk, excellent table- dally mall;
fi»«f conveyance; $T week: phone Suburban S*.
MRS. W. CRANDELL. Santa Oral. Cat
scKAima's obove — soss ?aT.T.rr.
Prlrata boardlna: terms reasooabl*. T« »a»
rriKt* Sunday morning trains. Address UK*,
MATT LINDSAY. Hn», Station.
STTESSXSX HOTZX aal COTTAOZS
—Ntar beach: 3U acres beauiitul grounds;. «i>««
clal rates tn families: writ* for booklet. V.
BAnpON. PmpMetnr. Santa Cru*.
¦BEtlSTVE 'BOTSL, El Verano. So-
r.oma Co.. Cal Terrr.a. *1 day <uJ up; hot
mineral iprlngs near by. Lons dlstanc* t»i»-
phnn«: datlv mall JOHN SERRES.- Proprietor
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crua Moiwtalna:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr., <jlbb«. Cat
Take Salt Water Dips
' Within Easy Reach o? New York City
f f\\ir N,fiSy^^^r it wnw i *t¥\
I COOLEST ATLANTIC COAST RESORT
RECREATION BY DAY REST BY NICHT
Unique Natural Attraction! Combined With Splendid Train Service.
Books sent r LONG ISLAND (Illustrated description). 8 cents.
on receipt J UNIQUE LONG ISLAND (Photographic recroductions), 6 cents.
of postage, i. SUMMER HOMlS (List of hotels and boarding houses), 4 cents.
THE LONG ISLAND 'RAILROAD COMPANY
HOWABD M. SMITH. 263 FIFTH AVENUE H . B . pxnUdSBTOV.
Gen'l Passenger Agt. New York City Spl. Agt. Pass'r Dept
Grand £aaaaajulsu Band
Electrical!* _ 3 Concerts
Display ,« WgW 3 Daily
innnnnnr>o
.ndTub £ BQUimg 3 water Sports-
Baths ]S On thC I Roof Gardens
Dances Coast Summer
Boallnjand |« °< Theatricals
fine Salmon U oOulC- 3 Vaudeville
Fishing i« thing 3 Specialties
Lovely Drives £ Doing 2 * *
A'ong the C .. , o Special Rates
Coast and ,« = j v «. S. P. Ry
Through the j^ lim C S During the
Redwoods YrgTTgygTry Entire Seaion
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
, year rtiund: the nearest" Hot Sulphur Springs to
, San Franclscc. temperature 115 degrees; no
staging; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
i different Hot Sulphur Spring*,; tub and plunge
. baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's. 11 Montgomery at.,
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Afrua Calient?
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dlningr-room: can seat 400 guest*.
I _ - _ - , .
; H ¦ Situated in Vendome Park of 12
| S acres, a charming summer resort;
i a both city and country advantage;
: M automobile garage on the grounds
n free to guests. Bathing pavilion.
¦ bowling alley, tennis, etc New
9 auto road map of the county
a mailed on application. *
I J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
Santa Gatalina Island
3% Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904.
Our famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat,, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing on the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tenu at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metroaole,
Modern in all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU It
Montgomery st.. cr BANNING CO.. 222 S.
Sprinjr gt., Los Angeles.
TVf ARK l*c7F^T
/ ¦ *Pr E o; E3 SPRINGS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. II. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvement*:
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
$2 day; S10 and $12 week. Office. K33 Larkin
St., cor. Geary, or Mark West 8prlngs," Santa
Rosa. Rural No. 0.
n\f n Hit Hot s P rln S«: on line South-
1 1 V II I I ill * rn Pac'ic: 2% hours from
K I K I I 111 S " n Fr * ncl «o, 3 trains
II I I I I I ll dally: luxurious mineral
U I ll U II * nd mud baths; hotel
unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P Co.
Bureau, 613 Market it.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery et., or H. R. WA11NER, Byroa
Hot Springs. Cal
CAMP CURRY Hj
Get circulars at ail railroad offices. \
' ? Advertised by 4 GOO guests. i
YOSEMITE |
• »...»«.....«?« »^^-^_»
Ideal summer resort; hunting, boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.'
O. WEISMAN. Midlake P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.,
or call en Dr. Happersberger, llpi Market S K*
DUNCAN SPRINGS
TWO MII.ES PEOM HOPIiAlID,
Fine medlclr.al waters. Hard finished hotel
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per w«ek.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Cruz Monatains.
Now open. For booklet apply* to Peck's Bureau
11 Montgomery, or S. -P. Cc, 613 Market. B
DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond, Cal.
VICH/ SPRINGS
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters. chamaagn« baths.
Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; accommodations and table first cUm.
J. A. REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extsnslvely improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dining-room, telephone, hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowline, dancing, all amusements.
Personal management. Oet booklet. 30 Mont-
gomery street. ¦ W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
N. 8. R. B. TOCALOMA M»rinC».
Bertrand Hotel; tirst-clas* accommodations,
special nn.es for families and oartlea: flfhing,
hunting, boatinc bathing; beautiful drives to
Bear Valley: -telephone. JOSEPH F. BEK-
TRAND. or Bulletin Of rtce. every Thursday, 2
' to 4 d. m. .
NOETH SEOBS HOTEL— On Tomales
Bay. Good table .and accommodations .' Houie
gas lighted Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS Marsballs, Marln County CaL
iOTIGETflVOTERSl
Precinct Registration.!
CBpirtEEUt cf Eleclicns— Gffice cf the I
Fegistrar of Voters. j
»-.. . -. f hereby jrivm that the Boards of'
pfrfnri ¦• Kist.-ttion lor the Primary and
- ;¦.• tioo Kill »«t in th<-ir respective
,r the registration cf voters and such
rj wo a* are prescribed by law, on
; ,-=*-. July «. and Thursday. July 7; also
v ... .-i trmber 14. tind Thursday. Bep-
, n*-*, from 10 o'clock c m. to 9
C< K\\ decs :* who htve not been registered
«- , j.-.rujrj X. U**. are hertby Invited to
;.:„,,.. Lb«— »drc9 for registration.
- -H-. r. ?<»r i-rimary election closes at '
. . -i H.ll. July 20. 1SH.-4. and for the een- .
-. BeirtWHbfT 28. 1904.
- .-.' office oS the Registrar of Voters win re- I
Bain op ea during precinct rcgiwratlon from '
t .; . a rr. to 10 p. m. to accommodate thos«
B • able to T+s.tttT in the precincts.
All electors *>-!io have caar.eed their r«si-
dence Binct r<>?i*:erins are required to call at
-rfUe cf the Itcsristrar of Voters. .i
V ¦ CHANGES FOR GENERAL. ELECTION
MADE AFTER OCTOBER 13. 1*04.
Prec.nct itfiFittloii officers cannot make
LiaBafers at - • tee* frora one pr*dnct to an-
e'her *U I r»~a desiring transfer must call
at the of.".<« of the Registrar cf Vcters on or
before OdU ber 13. 1904.
Nav.ir*. »d r:t!iens en requested to produce
r.*t.- •"¦¦•" rai*r» when making application
lor : *>p«ratJon.
vratng place* have been secured for
-v* --•; . » .: ihe Board of Precinct Registra- .
I : t
BXOXST&ATZOXT PLACES.
•nvEXTT-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
H ?>¦.: art street, 301 Fremont rtreet. C23
m >-;reet, 229 Second street. 106 Second
¦tnet. to Tl.'.rd street. 067 Mission ftreet. €32
• ..-¦: nrret. COG Folfcom Btreet. 351 Third
•. 4" Third street. 1:3 Third street. T57A
[O»*rd etrett. 2S3 Fourth street.
TTVENTT-NINTH DISTINCT.
:-. rift* 6»r**t. or.2 Mission «tr*«t. 10WJ Mls-
f.rtfi. 107S Fifth «tr«*t. 0084 Howard
«::-:. 1ST Fi.'tli rtnwt. 2l« Fifth street, 433B
¦•'.i-.-.i strt^t. POS F©l?om street. 3C5 Fourth
•¦ -••••. 30S Fifth street. SCO Sixth street. 711
r v — J srrvft. +.\, Fourth 4:i7 Kourth
Ft-M. ««3 Fourth etre*t. 927 Harrison street.
!g ?:xth street.
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
i" ''-j Seventh «re<t. »S Ninth street 125
Tenth street. ltt» Seventh rtreet 104 Seventh
ttreet. K.5 Sex-entb Ftreet, 1*2 Seventh rtreet.
l«2 ni«hth «r**t. il!O7 Howard rttret^lC91
Howard rtreet, 1115 Howard street. 217 Eighth
?tr^*t. 22<» Eig-hth strv^t. 1303 Howard ttr*et.
«s>4 Sixth street. 115»^ Fclsom etreet 1335
r-Mwira «r»*t. 'Mi Bryant wreet. 473 Ninth
rtreet, 1«G Fol?om street.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
'¦X: Second .street. M9 Tiiird street 505 !
Br>»nt sir«*-t. &21 Fourth rtwt, 540 Fourth '
*uwt. 83SA B— >-ant street, 6u» Seventh street.
TfK Rramian ttre^t, 30C Ninth etreet. lttuO •
F'^rai street. 1»-C3 Howard ftreet 1805 How- '
it.l street. ISM FoUom ftr«t, 2C21 Folsom >
i 631 Florida rtreot. 2415 Eighteenth
*'-rt*i. mS iliwouri street, 1054 Kentucky ;
street.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT. j
- n 17 Twentieth rtreet. 25S2 Folsom str=et. j
"147 Twenty -fourth Etreet. 231'IA Brj'ant j
jtraet. -•"-¦) Folscm street. 2C3S Brj-ant street. ,
C7U2 Tnenty-fourth street. 205<J Twenty-fourth '
23^«> Folsom rtr«t. 2701 Twenty-fourth ,
1125 Verrrlhnt rtreet. 034 Minnesota i
15C>0 Kentucky rtreet. s»I4 Illinois street. •
7f* Railroad avenue. 1.153 Fifth avenue South. :
IOCS liailroad avenue, 17ir3 S*%-enteenth avenue j
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
SOS Preclta tvenue. ul&l MUfion street, Oi5 ,
Jest avenue, Mil P«n Jose avenu*. 4(2 '
'i"w*nty -ninth street, 423 Chenery street. '
r- rthei.Ft DOraer of North and Eucsria avenues,
;G4 Cortland avenue, 245S San Bruno avenue.
4:»01 Mi«?'.on street, 4^.s« Mi?sii>n street, 2JU
sickles avt-nuc, 125 Broad street.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT^
<i B^lefacr street. 172 Sanchez strict. :u>> :
Cartro sueet, 42O« Seventeenth etreet, 2251-
25.M Market street. 3c5 Noe strtet. VrJ Sincjt-x i
Mi- et. 123 Castro rtreet. .*>«<> Caftro rtreet, ol« ;
¦ .i «¦ - Ptr*et, 76* «?hurrh ftreet. 10(10 Noe ;
ttreet, 1510 <:a«ro rtreet, SSW'l Twenty-fourth .
ftrret. I5.:i Cartro rtreet. 1515 Church street, j
14O2 Cartro street.
THIRTT-FIFTH DISTRICT.
".2 Guerrero «trr«>t. ti"7 Valencia street, 2211 ¦
Mission nrwi, JtiT.7 Nineteenth ttreet, 820 I
\'s:t-ncla rtrett. 2204 ;.':-?: :i street. 3512
T— — BtSctfa ttrret. 2453 Mission street. 904 j
Vjtl-ncla street, 32oU Twenty-second street, ;
ZfM Twenty-second street, IC30 Valencia street. .
5OI Misrtf,n rtreet. lOZtti Guerrero street. .
•_"C<53 MiE£icn street. 2h25 Mission etreet, 1203 I
<"hurch rtreet, 1474 Valencia street.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
300 Hayes street. 4-"» Have* street, 309 Hayes )
*;reet. 21<i Ooui:h ttreet. 3 Franklin rtreet. ;
!11 Gourh street, 1437 Mlrsion street, 1560 j
Market etrt-et. 1S19 Mistion" etreet ltiti Mis- '
sio^ street. 213 Valencia rtreet. 2016 Market i
ffrt-et. 1733 Mission rtreet. 133$ Mission rtreet. j
¦Jfr\ Valencia rtrt-et. 1815 Mission street. 2CJ1
ili«fcion Btreet. 5«C Valencia rtreet. 3138 Six- I
;«-<>r.ih «r«et. 2C*0 Market street. .
THIRTY-HEVENTH DISTRICT.
636 Laruna rtreet. S01 Octavia rtreet. 64
¦\Vebrter rtreet. T.25 Laruna street. €1» Laguna
rtreet, €16 Linden avenue.- MX) Hayes street. I
:.12 HaiKht street. IDS Etelner street. 202 Pierce !
street. 7t>6 Devlsadero rtreet 205 Scott street, I
125 Devloadcro street, 422 Devisadero rtreet. j
Vu Devisadero street. 425 Lyon street, 1712 ;
Hsyes rtnwt, 13!>9 Hairht rtreet. 772 Cole j
rtreet. 17H0 Page street, 1792 Haight street. C10
.^hrader street.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
Sl» El!ls *tr*et. C42 Golden Gate avenue, «»4
Mr Allicter etreet, 720 McAllister street. SS5
Fulton etreet, J»'>5 McAllister etreet. !*0« La- i
cona etreet. 1400 Lapuna street. 1200 Eddy
ftreet. 1106 Golden Gate avenue, 1206 Flllmore
ftreet, 1374 Eddy rtreet. 1541 Buchanan street.
i*l>9 O'Farrell street, 1219 Stelner street, 806
• Uevlsadero rtreet. 1036 Pierce street. 1402 De-
visadero street. 1137 Derlsadero street, 18J1
Golden Gate avenue, 647 Lyon street.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
1814 Central avenue, 3476 Sacramento street,
40« Maple rtreet, 2805 Bueh street. 73 Boyce
Ftreet. 505 Flrrt avenue, 1218 Point Lobos ave-
nue, 301 Ninth avemae. 3124 Point Lobos ave-
nue. "1S2 Tenth avenue. 404 Tenth avenue. 2427
'lement utreet, 179 Carl street. 12S1 Ninth
•l venue, 1223 Tenth avenue. Aims House.
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
1739 Pine etreet.lClS Pine street, 1406 Post
rtreet. 1R84 Post street. 2000 Pin* street. 1000 ,
Post* street, 18.T2 Pott etreet. l»04 Fillmore
rtreet 214<» Fl'.lmore street. 2C02 Sacramento;
rtr*< n, 22<">4 Bu«h rtreet, 1612 Devisadero street, j
1«CB Devlsa-iero Ftrert, 1M3 Devlnadero street,
1821 Devisadero etreet. 29S7 Sacramento street, i
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
72$ Bay street. 1718 Leavecworth street, 1702
Hyde street. 1223 Unioa etreet. 2053 Hyd#»
street. &C North Point street. 10 Bonita
rtreet. ISS1 Union rtreet, 1S17>4 Broadway. |
1208 Webster ftreet. J1M54 Union gtr^-t. :I1OO I
l^r.'ns street. 3114 Flllmore street. 2274 Union j
Bireet. 2510 Stelner street, 2"J32 Washlnftua ]
•treet, 200S Jtfferson sueet. '
i
FORTT-SECOND DISTRICT.
City Hall. 404 Van Ness avenue, 250 Leav-
enwerth street, 31C Larkfn street, 4OCV4 Mc-
Allicier street. C14 Turk street. 410 Larkin
street, SO* Turk utreet, S12 Lmvenwcrth street,
1.Z7 Ellis irtr*-«t. 7O4 Polk rtreet. 700 Eddy
street. Jt>4 Larkin street, S15 Larkin street.
IC07M Ivorkin street. 12C-« Polk rtreet. 1202Vi
I-crkln rtrfH-t. 1403 Pclk street, lf<O Tolk
ttreet. 1S4S Polk etreet. H14 Pacific rtreet.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
714 Turk ttreet. 108 Eddy street. 318 Jones |
rtreet, 40T Jonc« street. 7i>l G*«ry rtreet, Z*il j
Grary street. 310 O'Farrell iitreet, 504 Poet !
at:fef, r.70 Oeary Ftreet. C50 Geary rtreet. 001
Jf-nce rtr'ct. £2» Bush rtreet 376 Pine etreet.
102'j Hyde rtre*t. 1.1*2 Sacramento rtreot. IO.VJ :
P2ciSe street. l.*TSA t\'ashir.ston «tre*t, 12SS j
Jacksor. axrett, 1L* Pacific street. '
rORTT-FOlTRTH DIFTniCT. ' \
tat lta.v-.ti r\T**i, 13C Paciflc ftreet. .11« Ba«h |
•treet. 12-t LrldradcrfT rtrert. WS Wathinifton j
Ii'<; Pacific rtrwt. llft{ Stockton street,
1209 Mason *tn*"t, M7 Clay street. ItttO Powell I
rtr-rt £:«; Pin* rtreet. 700 Bash street, 408 t
Kt'Kkton tfrwt, 3BS Grary etreet. 441 Bu*h
street. 23S OFarrtll rtreet. ZS EUls rtreet. '
Fr>RTT- FIFTH DISTRICT.
Batu-ry Bttwet; 3.V2 Kearny street. 328
Mrrf-.tircmery cvmtje, 414 Montgomery avenue. I
1S2S Ftfx-kfon rtieet. VH Filbert rtr»«t, 2rt«
rrancliwo etrcrt. 40S Kranclsco *tr*et. HSU
l>-mbard trtrcet. M7V. MuntKomerr avenue, 7C5 {
'•t"T!t)r'.roerr avmui-, I*.?3 Mason stre«t 161S •
P«wei| ttrett. CJ3 Union etreet. 1W1 Mason ,
liy orter nf the Boerd cf Election Commie-
GEO. T. AOAKS, .
R'Tlrtmr of Vot'm ana Secretary Uoard of
CcmmI«»ionerF.
Weak Men and Women
gMGULU VflZ UAUIANA niTTEUS. THE I
Mexican Remedy; elves health and |
-~-_T____*'* xii:l ' or »:»n* nepot. ?.Z< Market, j
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
¦ _^^g_fl^^^^*
SUMMER HE MIHT.v
i
i ' " '
There are traps and saddle
horses at
AETNA SPRINGS
A gallop down the valley at
dusk is an event long remem-
bered. The drives also are
full of pleasure. Just send for
booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa County, Cal.
O if >!/*/* O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
Oli/iU&U COUNTY; only 4% hour*
from San Francisco and
~™ ~~~™~™~" ~™ " but 9 mile* jtaglne; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtue*; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
•wimmirig In Warm Spring Creek; good trout
ft reams; telephone, telegraph, daily mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SE.I5VICE; both morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from San Frauclsco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry dally nt 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p m.
P.ates »2 a day or $12 a week. References, "any
r;e«t of the part nlnt years. Patronage of
100.T unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau, II Montgomery «U. or of
; J. F. MULGREW. Ekaggs. Cal.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE P.OBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort in
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobeg-
ran, mineral springs, new livery. EIXJAlt
DURNAN, owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell i
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
Hotel EL CARMELQ
Pacific Grove, California. "The * LUtle Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts. ',
The dace Jo njcnJ your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than :
staying home. Send for illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDY. Manager. .1
THE NEW HOTEL' AT
ADATVVS!
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water '. cures
stomach, liver and kidney ¦ diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W.' R. PRA-
THER.
COUNTRY BOARD — Orchard, garden,
poultry, cows, comfortable home. Address
MANZANA FARM. Redwood City..Saj-s lie Was Robbed.
James Anderson, a sailor, was found
by. Policeman Standley in'the- doorway
of 705 Battery street early yesterday
morning bleeding from wounds on his
face and head. He told different
stories as to how i he received his
wounds, but stoutly, maintained that
Dies of Septicaemia.
Mrs. Anna Allen, a married woman,
residing with her husband at. 51 6 Van
Ness avenue, died in the Southern'Pa
ciflc Hospital yesterday of septicaemia.
The Coroner will investigate the case.
Play With Cannon and Are Hurt.
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. July 4. — By
the premature explosion of a cannon
at Colfax to-day Leo Chapman, Roy
Harris, Fred Grending and Ralph
Hester were dangerously injured. They
used a broomstick for* a ramrod and
pounded it with a baseball bat.
Do you wear glasses.' Properly fitting '
glasses and M urine Eye Remedy, pro
mote Eye comfort. Murine makes weak
eyes strong. Cures sore eyes. * \ !
Charges Special Policeman.
Emil Bobsien, 473 Chestnut street,
complained to Policeman Keohane
early yesterday morning that a man
claiming to • be a special officer had
assaulted him in the rear of 1129 Du
pont street and struck' him on the head
with a club. He had . gone to a drug
store," where the wound on his head
had been dressed. They went to the
place, but the alleged assailant had
gone, i Bobsien said he would swear
out a warrant for the officer's arrest
this morning.
Susie Miller of Los Angeles and a Man
of the Same Name Supposed to
Have Come Here.
A dispatch appeared in yesterday's
Call from Los Angeles saying that
Matt Eddy had complained to the po
lice there that his stepsister, who was
only 16 years of age, had eloped with a
¦well-known San Franciscan and that
they had probably come to this city to
get married. Eddy had threatened all
sorts of vengeance upon the man in
the case, whose name he refused to
divulge.
About 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
C. H. Bennett, 2701% Sutter street,
called at police headquarters and said
he had received a dispatch from Eddy
asking him to notify the" police here
of the elopement and to have the pair
arrested. Bennett said the girl's name
was Susie Miller and the man with
•whom che eloped was . also named
liiller, but that was all he knew about
him. Bennett was informed that he
should have made his appearance
earlier, as the trains from Los Angeles
on which the eloping pair might have
come were all in.
A watch will be kept to-day upon
the marriage license office* and If an
application is made for a license for
the Millers the applicant wlll.be placed
under arrest.
POLICE ASKED TO FIND
GIRL WHO HAS ELOPED
J. W. Raphael to Start on IiOng Trip
by Way of Japan — Business
nnd Pleasure.
A half year tour around the world
has been one of the pleasurable an
ticipations of J. W. Raphael of Ra
phael's, Inc., and feeling that the large
business of the. store is running
smoothly he is about to commence the
long journey.
From here the merchant will go to
Japan, where he will be close to the
scene of the bloody struggle with Rus
sia. Thence he will go to India and
hopes to find his way into the, jungles
famed in story. From the Orient he
will proceed through the Red Sea and
Suez and from that waterway a tour
of the Mediterranean lands be
made. The trip from the sunny climes
will then be extended through all of
Europe, excepting Russia.
Pleasure will be mingled with busi
ness on Mr. Raphael's protracted
jaunt, and besides seeing the sights of
the other half of the world he "will
inspect the large mercantile houses
and investigate the methods of ' run
ning them. Such new ideas as he
may find and consider good will be
adapted later in the form of improve
ments and enlargements in Raphael's
San Francisco business.
The twenty-third annual gathering
and games of the Scottish Thistle
Club, held yesterday at Shell Mound
Park, was the most successful in the
history of the organization. Fully
12,000 people, visited the grounds. The
lads and lassies, dressed in the cos
tumes of the clans and mingling with
the guests, who wore conventional
clothing, lent picturesqueness to the
scene among the trees.
While Scottish airs were played by a
brass band for the benefit of the danc
ers at one end of the grounds, con
testants in Gaelic games exerted them
selves to the utmost at the other end
to the music of Highland pipes. A
feature of the day, and one rarely wit
nessed in this country, was the danc
ing by little girls in Highland costume.
To the music of the pipes they pirouet
ted gracefully on a raised ; platform,
winning salvos of applause from the
throng assembled in the grand stand
and around'the track.
The races and other events were all
closely contested and 'came off without
a hitch of any kind. The tug of war
contest was won by the married clans
men, captained by Hugh Fraser, who
defeated the single men under Rob
ert H. Murray. The prizes for; the best
dressed boys in Highland costume
were won by Kenneth McRae, James
Trevltwick and Colin Grant; for the
best dressed men in full Highland cos
tume, by Neil' Lindsay, William Grant
and Hugh Fraser, and for the best
dressed men in plain Highland costume
by E. Ross, D. D. McRae and James
Sinclair.
The committees in charge were as
follows:
j Games committee.— George • W.'. Paterson
(chairman), A. E Carlisle (secretary). James
Todd, John Ross, George Dow. George W. Mil
ler. J. H. McGregor, R. F. Wilson and John
Donaldson. '
Reception.— David Young (chairman).' W. A.
DawHon. .'Peter Riddle,- William Shepherd, J.
C. Moore. James Paterson, John ¦ A; Hanney,
Thomas Mcrton, Alexander Nicholson. M. S.
Morrison, Malcolm McLean, John R. Ross,
David Donald, Dr. D. McMillan, T. C. Nixon.
Charles Peterson,' Alexander Duff, Alexander
King. James Nevin, Thomas Irvine. Alexander
Gordon. -~ j '¦ ¦ : -.
-- ' Floor*, committee. — James . Firth (manager),
R. - Rlntoul .(assistant). James ' Robertson,, W.
MaeGregor." W. Campbell, -James Merriman,
F.- Fitzgerald. J. W. Maitland. ' , .
Members of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, their wives, sweethearts
and friends gathered for a grand an
nual picnic of the order at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. All morning ferry and
train discharged human freight to swell
the number inside the grounds. The
dancing pavilion was crowded and the
booths did a rushing business. All
kinds of races for all kinds of people,
broad and high Jumping, hammer
throwing and other athletic sports de
lighted thousands of spectators and oc
cupied the entire afternoon.
Few left before the games were fin
ished and the consequence was that
all wanted to get home by the first
train, although there were other trains
wtiitlng. The crush at the car plat
forms was so great that many were
forced between the, cars and under the
tiucks of the wheels. "When the train
pulled out It was packed. The condi
tion of the ferryboat Ukiah of the
Tiburon line was. even worse. The peo
ple were packed so tignt that there
was no. room : for J any one to -move.'
Many preferred to stay outside on the
upper deck in the cold fog rather than
take chances below in case of accident.
No accident happened, however, and
both timid and brave were landed at
the ferry building in safety.
The following committees had the
picnic In charge:
Reception committee — James H. McGinnU
'chairman), M. C. Gorham. J. Kelly, Dr. J. J.
Gallagher. T. J. Norton. James McLauirhlin. M.
Fitzgerald, J. C. Daly, M. Pierce, -Miss B.
Hennessey, J. P. McGuire. Thomas Doyle. P.
B. Mahony. Miss May Finn, Miss L Murphy
IX E. Collins. Mrs. P. O'Hare. Miss J. Keidy)
J. F. 'Mullir.s. MrF. J. J. Rogcrton, Mm. Mc-
Carthy, Mrs M. . R. Twomey, Mre. T. CDea
and Mtsu Culllnan. ¦ v. . . -
Floor committee — Edward • P. Hogan (floor
re*nager), Owen B. O'Reilly and Miss Kate
Flynn (assistants).
Game* committee^ — Thomas P. O'Dowd
(chairman), M. Dolan, J. " J. Barry. • M. Me-
Elllgot, M. Xaughton, Patrick Flanagan, J. J.
Moran, M. Donahue. 'J. P. McGuire, James
O'Connor, J. J. Roonan, F. J. Clancy, James
Cox and J. W. O'Connor.
The races, games and winners were
as follows:
One hundred t vards:- boys under ten — Wen
by A. Townsend. W. Judge second. Girls un
der ten — Won : by Josephine ' McGuire, Hazel
Burns second. Boys between ten and twelve —
Won by : J. Lynch.: V. Collins second. Girls
between ten and twelve— Won by Eileen Buck
ley, Stella Flanagan' eecond. Boys between
twelve and- eixteen— Won -by ¦ J.- Durklto. W.
Gre«Iey second a Girls between twelve and six
teen—Wen by Math Hde Dooley,* Mamle'Hayfe'
second. Men — Won - bjr. J. i Darcy, '¦ J. Lawlor
wilii make half year
tour; of the world
RED MEN'S riCXIC.
The Celebrants Honor the Day at
Glen Park.
About 1500 members of the Im
proved Order of Red Men and of the
Degree of Pocahontas had a patriotic
celebration and picnic yesterday at
Glen Park. There was a good pro
gramme of races, with the drawing of
nearly 150 gate prizes, dancing and
games. Despite the chilly weather all
enjoyed themselves and pronounced
the affair a success. The following
had charge of the celebration:
Committee of arrangements: Officers — Pres
ident. M. Bloom; vice president. Adam Smith:
secretary, J. Harry Hutaff: treasurer, Alex
Dawson; past presidents. P. S. Seymour, Emllo
Laetreto: trustees, L. F. Guedet. Miss Edith
Boyes, Mrs. L. Kemnitzer. Council represent
atives. Mrs. L. Kemnitzer, Miss Edith Boyes,
Miss C. Woodworth. Jeanette Rawltnnon. Mrs.
E. Aston. Mrs. M. Doyle, Mrs. H. Brinkman,
F. J. Blschoff, Miss J. Anderson, Oscar Grube,
Carrie L Johnson. Mrs. E. Krlner. . J. Finley,
Adam Smith. Tribe representatives — William
R. Twamley, W. S. Jamieson. W. H. Polmere,
F. D. Brandon, C. M. Erickson, B.^Moncla, M.
T. Alliman, A. Dawson, Frank Grule, William
Burge. F. B. Swan, M. Casey. L. F. Guedet,
J. Fowzer, F. C. Graham, M. Bloom, ¦ Harry
A. Cramer, H. Behnson, William B. Welch,
Robert Methmann. Henry Leightner. V. P.
Hanseh. William Goldman. Charles dc Clcer.
J. J. Kelly. E. N. Van Busklrk. W. M. Jo
seph!, ¦ J. B. Madden. E. A. Kenney. J.' T.
Ftanley. Dr.- H. B. Mehrmann, M. E. McNaer,
J. Petrie. F. F. Terramorsc. Reception com
mittee—B. Moncla (chairman), Lillie Rowan,
Mrs. S. A. Boyes, Miss Lillian Norman, Mrs.
John < Rew, Mrs. Sheble, Mies K. Provence.
Mrs. Leithead, Mrs. A.. N. Thompson, Nettie
Breminp. Emma PrlntzloV. Mrs. Umfried Miss
L. Weflel. Frank Keek, R. M. Smith, A. H.
Frazier. F. M. Bertwell, A. D. Calderwood,
J. Zelph. H. Miller. H. W. Brown. C. E.
Neyers. F. P. Peterson. F. P. Jansen E. P.
Dupuy, J. p. Vergez. H. X* Staccy. A. 'Carney.
E. C. Bush, J. E. Nast, A. J. Burk
hardt. . F. P. Wagner, H. F. Powelson, G.
M. Sloan. John White, W. D. Ohlandt, J. A.
Hickey. W. H. McLaughlin, R. Lockwood, L.
Shields. H. J. McMahon, R. M. Roche. T.
Lacey, J. Lewis. E. Ruther. Dr. F. N. Rose,
H. M. Jeffreys. E. C. Tague, W. M. Schwartz,
L,. Bach. D. W. Pratt, A. M. Zeller. F. A.
Smith. J. J. Murphy. J. P. Lyon, F. S. Miller.
Floor manager— L. F. Guedet. • Assistant floor
manager— Miss Ruby Ryan. Floor committee —
.Miss Carmen .Woodworth, Mr». M. T. Alliman,
Mrs. E. Aston, Mrs. W. B. Welch. Mrs J. I.
Rice. F B. Swan, J. Fowzer, W. H. Polmere,
F. F. Terramors^. H. R. Oeverndiek. '
Twenty-Third Gathering of
Thistle Club at Shell
Mound Park a Success
Eight Thousand Irish-Amer
icans Celebrate the Day
Merrily at Schuetzen Park
SCOTS ENJOY
A MERRY DAY
414 Folsom street, during a disturb
ance in the' Cascade dance hall, 513
Pacific street, early yesterday morning
beat Sarah Hansen, a waitress, on the
face and head with a bottle till she
was unconscious. Policeman Skain ar
rested Manne and locked him up in
"the tanks" at the City Prison pend
ing developments. The woman was
sent to the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital. Manne said he did not intend
to strike the woman, but aimed the
blows at a man and each time she
got in the way.
he had been robbed of $50. Standley
sent him to the Central Emergency
Hospital to have his injuries dressed
and then made Inquiries in the neigh
borhood, but could find no one to cor
roborate Anderson's statement.
Thomas Corney Missing.
Thomas Corney, an 11-year-old boy,
who resided with his parents at 906
GREAT FOURTH
FOR HIBERNIANS
•econd. 100 yards— Won by V. Llgda, U. C;
R. E. Cochrane second. 240 yards: Men — Won
by V. Lid«?a. U. C; R. E. Cochrane second.
880 yards— Won by A. DeManlell. D. M. Lees
»:econd. Fat men's race — Won by P. Foiey, D.
O'Connell second. Fat women's race — Won by
Mrs. M. Murphy,- Mrs. J. Robinson second.
Auxiliary — Won by Mrs. M. Donachie, Mrs. M.
Lawlor second. Professional — Won by J.
Sullivan, J. L. Shay second. One mile — Won
by A. Glarner. Two laps — Won by R. Darcy,
A. Glarner second. One lap — Won by Miss
May Cox, Miss Nellie Sheehan second: Three
legged race — Won by Lawlor and Lynch, Coch
rane and Darcy second. Football place kick —
Won by J. P. Moriarlty. Running broad 1 Jump
— Won by T. Darcy.
Bryant street, has been missing since
last Wednesday and his parents fear
that he may have been drowned. The
little fellow was fond of swimming
and often went bathing with other
boys.
To be sensible at home and amiable
outside is a task greater than most
persons Imagine.
The suicide of Lieutenant Gullford S.
Garber at Honolulu has caused another
Eensatic-n. in army circles here. This
suicide, coupled with that of Captain
Frederick S. Wild at Angel Island only
a few weeks before, • is making the
crmy people ask, "Who next?" No
positive explanation has been offered
for the act of either of these officers in
taking his life. Both were young, able,
vigorous and ambitious. Both stood
veil in the army and in civilian life,
yet, in spite of all these qualifications,
they elected to end their lives.
Garber was well known and much
liked by his brother officers at the Pre-
Eidio. He was always hale-fellow-well
met and during his sojourn at the post
was very popular there and in the
city.
He left here on May 1 with the
Ninety-second Company Coast Artil
lery bound fot Honolulu. He entered
the army from civil life in 1898, being
one of the Indiana volunteers, and in
1893 he Joined the Thirtieth Infantry
United States Volunteers.
LEFT CHECK TO PAY DEBTS.
In his farewell note, found after his
death, he said in a few words that he
could not break himself of his drink
ing habit and he inclosed in it two
checks. One was left to a friend, to be
disbursed in paying some small loans
he had received from his comrades
while stationed at the Presidio, and the
other to paj- debts in the islands.
Garber was born in Indiana on Oc
tober 27, 1B75.
The Third squadron of the Ninth
Cavalry and the First, Fifth and
Twenty-fourth batteries Field Artil
lery, under command of Colonel E. A.
Godwin, will leave the Presidio to
morrow morning at 9: SO o'clock for
Henry, ranch. From the Presidio they
will march directly down Seventh ave
nue, through the park and thence via
Ingleside to the San Mateo road and
to their' objective point. They expect
to spend about twelve days in this
march of 220 miles.-
Information has just been received
from Manila that Colonel Charles
Smart, chief surgeon of the division
of the Philippines, has suffered a stroke
of apoplexy. He will be brought home
on the transport sailing from there on
July 15.
The news caused much surprise here,
as from the latest reports Colonel
Smart was enjoying the best of health.
He has been attached to the medical
department of the army for twenty-five
years.
Independence day was observed at
the Presidio by the firing of a salute
of forty-five rounds from the 15-pound
rapid firing guns, under command of
Captain F. E. Johnston, Seventieth
Company Coast Artillery.
INJURED IX PROCESSION.
Private Jackson, Troop K, Ninth
Cavalry, was injured yesterday while
riding in the procession. His horse
slipped and fell, carrying him down to
tbe pavement. Jackson was taken In
an ambulance to the General Hospital,
where it was ascertained that his left
knee was dislocated. He will be laid
up for some time and will be unable to
go with the squadron into camp at the
Henry, ranch.
Colonel G. H. Torney. United States
General Hospital, is once more at his
post. I>uring his absence he spent some
time In Washington, where he put be
fore the department the needs of the
hospital here. His requests were prac
tically all granted. Among them was
a call for more residence quarters for
the officers. These are now to be sup
plied by the addition of a third story
to the main building.
Major William E. Btrkhlmer, who
has been at the General Hospital for
two months, is improving very fast.
Surgeon E. T. Shortlidge will go to
Henry ranch with the troops, leaving
here to-morrow.
Lieutenant M. C. Foote, who has been
laid up at the General Hospital for
some time, expects to be able to Join
his regiment, the Twenty-eighth In
fantry, and resume duty in a few days.
Cavalry and Field Artillery
Will Start To-Morrow for
Scene of Battle Drills
BEADY FOE CAMP LIFE
Army Are Dismayed
at Suicide of Another
Brilliant Young Comrade
GARBER'S DEATH
IS A SURPRISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY 5, 1904.
Battered With a Bottle.
Joseph Manne, a sailor, living at
Tho« /wedding invitations - from r Edward S.
Kno wits, 21 Second ' street, are simply swell.*
Some girls are too modest to ask
for undressed kids at a glove coun
ter.
16
BOWEN
& CO
Hazen's Maple Syrup-Pure
Vermont Sap, i gal feg'ly 75c 60
1 " " 1.50 1.20
Toilet Soap 75
American, reg'ly $1.00 doz cakes
Hair Brushes 95
Kent's English, reg'ly |1.25
Combs 26
8 inch, reg'ly 35c
Sink Strainers 15
Vrooman's, regMy 20c
Ale and Rorter-njbot doz 1.90
Bulldog, regHy 20c bot $2.10 doz
Claret 40
V Ztnfandel, regMy 5u. gal
Grape Juice-25c doz2 75
Unfermented El Verde, Zinfandel and
Muscatel.jeg'ly 30c pt bot $3.25 doz
CocktailS-Early and Often 85
Ready to use, Martini, Manhattan,
Vermouth, Gin, Old-Tom Gin,
Whiskey, RegMy J1.00 bot
Port-Commendador 1.50
The wine of King Edward VII, 25
years in wood, reg'ly $2.00
Cognac-F. o. p.
Our own bottling, regMy $1.50 bot 1. 1 5
" $6.00 gal 4.50
WhlSkey-Old Stock Bourbon
reg'ly $1.50 bot 11^
" *•«>«•¦¦ .4!50
Topaz Sherry
reg'ly 75c bot 5Q
Flor del Mundo^-Speclal tndnce-
v pf^i I ake a box on y° ur vacation
Kegalla Frances rezMy $10.00 8 qq
Invindbles Finos ". $11.00 9*50
WeeMy Can Sl.00 dot Year
GOiQBERQ
BDWEN
& CD.
Supplies for the Country
An efficient and experi-
enced staff for handling your
order. Perfect packing for
Train, Boat, Express Wagon,
Stage or Pack Saddle, ensur-
ing safe delivery.
TUESDAY WEDNESBAY THURSDAY
Table Butter- 45
2 lb square, full weight, regMy 55c
Kona Coffee 20
reg'ly 25c lb. "
Ferris Bacon 20
Finest in the World, reg'ly 22c
Bird Pate— Franco- American 20
Partridge, quail, chicken, wild duck,
chicken liver reg'ly 25c
Salmon-ioc doz 1.15
Choice Alaska red, lib tall cans,
reg'ly 1.35 doz
Petit Pois-20c doz 2.25
. World, delicious as French Peas, V i
21b cans ..reg'ly 25c, 2.85 doz
Puree de Foies Gras 20
for sandwiches unexcelled, reg'ly 25c
Pimientos MorronesVsweetred
peppers, is reg'ly 25c 2.85, 20, 2.10
¦ is." 15c 1.75, 12# 1.40
Pork and Beans 5
! Booth's Boston baked Is .
Sardines 2 for 25
Ispa Js French, reg'ly 15c
S Vulcan 500s, reg'ly 50c doz boxes \
White Wine Vinegar >¦'. 20
French, qt. bottle, reg'ly 25c
Glace Fruit-French 25
Beautiful boxes is, reg'ly 35c
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HALE'S. { BALE'S. . t \ | HALE'S. | , .. HALE'S. | hAlE'S. | HALE'S.
-^iF^fcfe Starts This Morning— Auction Goods at Auction Prices. 1^^
ii Owing to the death of Mr. J. Howard Sweetser, and general These lots will be placed on sale, starting this morning. {\
W business depression, Sweetser, Pembrook & Co., of New York, de- In conjunction, thousands of dollars' worth of bargains If
1 ¦ c ? I^ to S?i,? utof r l ?J si ,? ess - T heyareTeported.tohave--sold upward" will be added to make the sale the one event in 5an Fran- #
1 ° f "%£^^J53g££%£g2t£&ig&r sliiirt ip If li mm °" tlK rest - 1
|| 000, all of which was sold at auction. . Extra Sales-People, Extra Wrappers, Extra Deliveries fif
m Hale Bros., ever alive to the interests of their patrons, had several have been arranged for, as our services must be positively up to our a\
J|| buyers from California. high Hale standard. fl) : j^
£1 They bought heavily of such lots as were sold 'way Come any day during this great sale, for new things will be put jfj
wLunder the market prices. . forward as fast as other lines are sold. jf\
iWL Domestic Values Lead Them All JhL
just in— so Dozen New : Extraordinary Opportunities in This Sweetser-Pembrook Sale ' s P ecid Sweetser-Pembrook
White Summer Waists KT . , ' '¦¦¦¦¦„ ' „ , . Interest for Men
To Srvell the Importance of This No. matter whether you want a new dress of the prettiest Cotton Stuffs obtainable, or a new. Pillow Case, or 5 8c for 7S c GoH shirts.
cwrtwr Pruihmnh Sale a doz - n Sheets — no' matter what you want, you will save, and more largely than you had expected to. For SSn?^ 1 f 010 '?^ 11 *"- PS* 1 "™, and
o uic-ioi / ~r i iiiur uui\ ijnH'- . >i /¦» .r-» i « . ,,- T-t »• iti /-tii «t i . . aarK eirecta— striped and floured— -*ro
, . , . , , . ,. , heres f where Sweetser-Pembrook economies are greatest. Three big tables filled with them in the bargain 2? a £ e w , lth «p arate c^» to match.
ooo of the prettiest and daintiest . , . , • £ ., r« i - , ,, . , • , . .. . • o • a. p. sale price, 68c.
styles we have had this season. All aisle— tWO WindOWS full. But prices talk'— JUSC bare details here. 17c for Neckties,
new,- in. India linon and lawn. ¦ '¦ _i mon T .. t - AAA xr _ That we/e up to 35c. Tecks. four-in-
marSd themT o^iir ices ' weVe Cases at Tit 1920 Linen 15,000 Yards ftsSt.53!
Marked wais™ £% that should .be '**> of them- size, 45x36; of good, firm 11 _. flf lOp \C\ C ninah^m Sr \JC\ i£££ 1 S£'5;j}r r * Ol * rUaMtor
$1.25, waists at $1.20 that would be muslin, bleached and hemmed. Limited 6 to nUCK lUWClb dL 1ZI 1UC UingliaiTl JC yU. 65c for $1.00 Underwear,
low priced at $1.50. w^rln "" " as many share as Values made to sell at $2<2S doz . Figure what The very quantity tells the. story of the price. I.ight and medium weights, all size*.
£|i| - b — g Sg^g^liiffi m^^kmgmM iiiiSSfel^S **^ j %sa—u..
At ocr . ¦ 10c. ity; 24x52 inches. 15c yaitl for 50o tinea smtinars --32 inches wide; and brown and blue— light and me-
A 9 pre*ttv India linon waist with three 13 % c usl ft* 1^°°^^ "?H fOr i 80 '5 M SSd5 I ffi5e"-G U r2{ < S C F d ia. 1 S2i JK'Sl"' rCBUlar PriCe * 7± *' *' '*' £"£ ZSPiuJHSF 1 *-** 1 ' mEde -
rows of wheel insertion down the mu s"n. The Pequot brand enough said. fringed and splendid vAlue. Great S. P. «ale- extra, 80c yard for 35o Champaffne Woveltlea — It's that V *
front and hemstitched tucks to the 6OO Sheets at 35C. llc - ¦ „ , . mercerized novelty, the most popular color of the ta .» . , TT ,
waistline — fine full sleeves— standing _ . ,, , , 8^c yard for Unbleaohed Crash — 18 inches wide; it's year. A stripe pattern that will maka beautiful Another hxtra for Women.
hemstitched collar. 96c. Regular 45c Sheets; size 72x90; bleached. Good all linen; regular 12 %c quality; extra heavy. S. P. suits, s. P. sale urice. 2Oc yd. c ~ - T 't;-
At $1.20: quality. With a seam down the center. sale price. 8Vic. 20c for 35o White Organdie— 6 S in. wide. . OUC Underwear at 39C
wLe India linon waist, with a round S. P. Sale price, 35 c 81 JO doz. for 81.50 Nap*in._Si Z e. 2 lx 22; bleached; r Including i 200 ribbed and shaped
b U e?o k w^^oke d is^% e im n m% e^w"ih f^ e O m- "^^iS^r^T^rlce wa? iSdS^Sfatlffi 43c for 50c TaW. Dama.k-62 inches wide; bleached; *$£*&£*¦ the crowd of barsaIns a - altIn^ * ou ln Cotton Vests and Pants. Medium
broidery insertion and medallions— 5214c for Sheets, 54x90— Bleached and hemmed. If good quality; 52c for 60c quality. 66 inches wide, 25c Oxford Salting at X5c yard. Weignt. tine elastic gauge, and
tucked cuffs and pleated back. e told the name it wou id make the biggest stir up to $1.95 for $3.00 quality, SI inches wide. _ 25c Madras at XOc yard. y et one th at will keep its shape.
At $1.65: yet. 72x90. 62Vic; Slx90. 67M:c; 90x90. 7^V6c. If 4c yard for Cotton Crash— 16 inches wide; just 30 25c Swiss* tappet. 10c yard, and a Batiste at 60 yard. v « sts reinforced with gussets in the
White India linon waist/ with inser- you .want to buy. sheets, buy now. pieces of it. S. P. sale price. 4c. nn _ Htv . .,/ If you are thinking of a Summer Dress or Waist- sleeves, trimmed with silk shell stitch
tion and medallions, with tucked voke Sheeting 24c yard— It s the Pequot brand. 9-4 9c Boiler Towelin*— Bleached, heavy quality, all even if you are not— you can't afford not to come down the front and around neck.
-heavy lace insertion on the collars width. It's a bargain of bargains. 81 inches wide. linen. Another great S. P. sale valne. and see what Hale's have to-day. 'Fitting cuffs. French band pants
and cuffs as well as the front. $1.65. : " 1 ¦ Wi d h 6 ClO J e i flt di nS anWes - Slze * *' 5
IS^^Slii Shell Comb Outpouring Curtains, Draperies, Rugs ±^*g=~" SP
trimmed with ring embroidery, giving ' " A 7 - , . , r, . , ,_., . _ _. ._. . 1 IirCG nlbbfin HvtrflC
Duchesse effect— sleeves have hem- //- fra c p Ohbnrtuni'u nf thr Rarest Interest AbnndamenialPart of fins Great S. P. Sale. r\c w - r r t- , ira5
stitched tucks above the elbow. $1.95. // • « «A. Opportuiu. y o the Ko, est Intcres. A beautiful variety-but interest winds itself about the °f M^e Than Extra Importance
— ' m The styles are all new. 1 wo big manutacturers let us help pr i ce s. We've used fine type to include more items Read tn This S. P. Sale.
Music Bargains them clean up their season's business — the benefits are yours. closely. At 25c Yard,
¦ooo of & Latest Music Hits, r, g - g for , c , nd 75 c co mb s with ,oc for = 5 c Pompadour 'combs-.o M^g /« f Stocks- p B ? Bi^\%BS¥vi£
% isc Each &$M W&mi m strong Bi^^am ) Esc:i'H-'-" - i?^fei^^^
Tuesday. Wednesday and Thursday. For jewels. Shell and white and 5c for Vassar combs— This is the 1 }^ y °" n^ d fl i^ an at the s " *' n fn r .. c . a^a Sale " ¦ *
three days and four pieces of music— , . ° . . • , „ .. price. 65c, to-day. g c for Curtain SWISS — dotted. At in. YaM
•Polly Prim;; (two step) "I've a Feel- amber. banner bargain of all— they are 90c for $1.25 Curtains— * no inches' wide-striped Scotch A Vlnr i«r? hmw, <*» > * n,
i^ r fl nd%^ mm «^-XX D t iX ii 15c for SOC amber combs— with 4% inches. long, all nicely pol- Dainty patterns in white or lappett Swisses. 60 pieces in Site ? dfta i^% W inch e £?i r n d w k
Land and Papas Baby, the greatest J , , , <- , - , , , ,, f, . , ecru. 45 and 50 inches wide. 4 tinted patterns — makes dainty S»r«*nTwa ?!.£*«?- r.? tln ,? r "
craze in San Francisco and the East. fancy bevel tops and fine heavy ished shell, with perfect teeth SV2 yards long— pretty curtains peek-a-boo curtains. 9c yard. £?£!«.£ m V3 d I s " J\Z another
O : -o t«th. and pretty fancy top. e^TLSS? :^L^Soo"^. ?.. 45 for §245 Couch Covers- At 5c Yard".
We Will Fill Mail Or- — — : $ *- 9 l£2. $ %2^3 b -i£ u n5i!f ™Pl^4^''^°"^ KSjag!SJ^a^ l&?.
WSiM§B§§ii& Stocking;s==Imp6rfant l^|g| I"~HfH-— j^J^-*iBVgv*.
—Jill them pro?nplly— Z* f SsfiSfor $5.00. $«5 for $6.00 05c for $ 1.2 s Table Covers— ? . ~ -z i**.- — °
built WOuld be Well to I5C pair for Women's 25C 15c for Children's 20C Stockings. pat terns^5.95 for $8^00 patterns. In tapestry and Derby finish— tUt UUt In IS Ad.
send your order at once. Stockings- 1200 pairs here. , Fine ribbed black cotton Stock- zi Z$^t^L?Z\T™- '^t'^T^^X So? a ?*&$ .«»* will help you in your
• J Feet with. double soles and in & s - L °"S elastic legs. Sizes fans-a" 00 y P ards n foSg. iaa Neat $ l w for Si 7^ Portieres— shopping tq^ay^you may want
6 O lnVri «;nli>f>H IippU TIip plac; to io. Regular price 20c stripes designs, with a plain * 1 Of> <}*. .if-.ZZ. n^i«.»-i —? to refer to it while you are here.
I lUgn Spiicea lieeiS. liieeias- -" „ ° *: _•„ _._ ruffle on edge. S. P. sale price, } n those striped Oriental pat- fc __ i _^
r^\ r=r mar *emr tiV T?<«mVif an/If t-5V» fr/im <¦/->/» "• "• salc Pnce, 15c 65c pa i r . ° * terns^ — all 36 inches wide and 3 . **
Hta^edH nX -VoV C^,d «„;, 35 c S.ocL,, ' : 4 c var^for 2 oc Buriap B^S^KSwH **.***
/m/ ffl 4§&^<!5&®& mrS^&k r 111.. r, , 1'ast black ace is e. Extra ;i ° Pieces of tlmso swell figured „. r ¦n rocc rr^-t^oc^ii T?/-,^= imr/ff/ J5*W ffi* dSt& v <^^\
/W <&L^ZZ^ vaa^^gft^jw^gg f ast bl ac ] c cotton. Regular ctrri , lfr U--1- ,,,h t^^c n/ t^ burlaps in stripes and conven- /C tor brass Extension KOdS — jjgP /BY £&& 4S> Q£p *£££)
<Hkm^Z~^^ „.;„ r^^ S strong heels and toes. 5J4 to tional designs for wall cover- That will extend from 2% to 4 Jff *=L£~
i^ in 11 m ¦ price, 25c gi/ Regular price. 25c ln E s or tacking behind cozy feet — over 2000 of them for this ¦^ m a *V L n OOOIX>*.'*^
w»v*4: «*«•* w»« Hi»t>i « t> S P «;ale nrice rcrnr c t> =,1. "„«•«.,. ~~~ corners. 20c value at S. P. sale at 7c each. Every one ¦*"- — ~~^
Market Street, Ke*r Sixth, S. T. O. tr. sale price, 1 5c pr. S. P. sale pnce, 20c iale pr i ce , i 4c yard . should share. Market Street, Wear Sixth, 8. T.