The Sunday Call Magazine
RXmiOTS-BAT'riX HYMN
Hjbjf Liberty and' LJnion he\il 1
M He\il Sons ir? Freedom-b rights
To you the sewtty clarion c&ll&
H To st^y tfce foemetfy«s tnightr!
R>r God send county love ©^d foorr^
We da-re to do ordd<z.\
t\\ng out our banner? to the breeze
wfret? sounds the battle cry I
Chorus
Mesrch on ! Mexrcli on J
. Maa^h oft to viGtor^—
Fi^bt,figl7t;iiJe,TT2a^ourGeo5e.is i
The c&a^sec^ kikertv; ast^
r lssgof £>wmisfii^^atiob,t>&dl
Born -ior .suprernacy-f .
lti triumpbjhbal our b5cm?er see^l ¦;
Of cuekp a^-nd pe&ce s^nd love,
Though perish oAlifay folds dhzdl f Kr:
From bDAtiletT2ent5 e>vbove!
Chbrcis
MdKVch ot?l Me\reh on!
n^illjbert>r&,r2d CI19ionha.il !
iSes.il fortn cjpon fee deep,
Awnge the ufron^defena-thenght
A.-nd cpuntry5^ot2orKeep!
The fires of heaven 5f?2xll light our
| On levnde^ndoe^nSuJSi/e p&ras
It? Ymzdorfis fight t/s God commands
Thelc5y&le>,t3d the breve.. .
(Dhorcis -
v->£\Il OH !xD&lI1 G>ni
_^ S&il^bn1^\^Gtory;>--_
.. rightyf ight oie must.oa'Peevase rb -s
;The excise of I^ibepty:
MM! I*ibei?tyr &wnd •Bfoibn hD,i 1
- Nou; i e>cK>d ?fb^evi6m?ore !
: _ smrrm
.The bspe?|plf^ol^5tr^to 1
• sKies the sound prolongl ;
X""- ''• - ; . • "¦ >---^i -A-^i^CylO - -¦¦ ¦ - ' -'
on \ M&rcb on!-'I arose early Sunday morning with a
painful headache; my'lieaft was beat
ing faster than usual and < I "was very
nervous. The morning was particular
ly bright, and a flood of warmth and
sunshine streamed , into my room. I
dressed myself carefully with trem
bling hands, putting- on my best
clothes, though all the while something
was twinging at my heart. "Supersti
tion, foolishness," I murmured, . and
tried to think of Katia. but this
brought Jrne no ' solace either. I opened
several books," but 'could not read. I
opened a volume of Pushkin, glanced
at some of his most passionate stan
zas, which at' other times had made my
blood run warmer, but now they were
cold and lifeless to me. I tried to. read
my favorite pc-et, Heine, but none of
his ballads could hold my mind. When
we have too much to think about we
cannot think at all. Our thoughts
The weeks tl.at followed my be
trothal were a dream of happiness. I
was with Katia a great deal of each
day. -which Is the best description" I
can give of how blissful this period
was. I believe that a lover, like a poet,
is born not made, and I think I .was
born a lover. A few months passed
by, during which I came in contact
with nobody but my beloved Katia. I
gave up my lodgings in the* Jewish
quarter LIbedski, in order, that my
connections with the Jewish people
might be cut off entirely; and I did not
inform any of my friends of my be
trothal nor where I lived, in order to
avoid all argument or comment that
the step I was about to take would calJ
forth from them.. I cannot say that 1
succeeded in dispelling the struggling
thoughts against changing, my faith,
but. I overcame them. I fought hard
and bitterly, and a constant battle
raged In my breast. But Katla'a
image helped me to conquer.
My baptism was set ~<for Sunday,
May 18. , I did not wish to. have the
ceremony • performed, publicly, "so It
had" been arranged fhat ' the T baptism
would take place in"J the Aouse of Mr.
Bialnick's priest.
ON MY WAY TO NAZARETH,
CHAPTER XI.
.~? Xt mo I nIns J Mi' stronger and
again -asked Levlnski to tell me what
had happened. -
coaxed'me° U a mUe 1ODRer? "
resS^^^^" - -ore
el lC he Sald ' and SI Sfced. : "you will
IS ? e rtOt ln lhe . quarter
about two months ago (two months,
did he say?), on May 13 (my mind be-
•*Where am I?" were the first word*
I uttered when I opened my eyes after
the events described In the last.chap
ter. .¦'-'¦:'* '• • \i ¦'¦/¦'
A young lady who stood at the, other
end of the room came quickly up to
me and murmured: "H* Is gaining
consciousness." Her face seemed fa
miliar, yet I could'not recall her.- :
"Where am I?" I repeated.
"Be at ease, Mr. Russakoff. You are
among friends." '
I looked around. The room was not
mine. My' bookcase and desk were
missing, and there were three windows
here, while mine had only two. On a
small table near the bed on which I*
lay stood little flasks of medldne. I
must have been sick I thought.
I tried to collect my -thoughts; but
my memory was absolutely blank. 2
looked now at the woman, now at the
drugs, but soon I felt a pain In nay
head and became . half -unconscious.
Flying stones, babes hurled in the air,
a sweet-faced young girl In a blue
dress with a golden crucifix dangling
over her bosom, fire, smoke, blood— a
lot of blood— a bis pool in which I
swam up to my neck— and all was"
blank again.
The next time I opened my eyes I
found Mr. Levlnski and his wife— I
now recognized the young, woman I
had seen before— seated ;at my side
She was standing with, a small flask
and a teaspoon in her hand.
"How do you feel, Mr. Russakoff?"
Levlnski asked.
"I feel no pain." I answered. "What
happened to me? Tell me. please "
"I'll tell you when yon get a little
stronger.- The physician forbade us to
disturb you in the least." .
His wife gave me a spoonful of tht
liquid from the flask. I lay there for
some time, gazing at the ceiling.- and
trying to recall what had occurred be
for I fell sick.
A REACTION.
CHAPTER XIL'
I shivered at his touch. The peculiar,
incidents of my dream appeared before
me. Something within me wanted to
throw his hand from my shoulder and
cry out "Murderer!" But I controlled
myself and stood quietly with my eyes
down while he wished us all happiness.
She met me in the hall, finger on
lips. "S-h! Papa is waiting in the re
ception-room," she whispered. "I told
him of our engagement, but I did not
tell him who you were. At first he was
surprised, but I soon . brought him
around to my way of thinking. He
said he would have to give us his
blessing, since I loved you so much."
She clasped my arm tightly, and so we
went into the reception room.
Judge Bialnick did not look particu
larly pleased, but nevertheless' he re
ceived me almost cordially.
"Since Katia has chosen you it must
be for the best," he said, placing one
of his trembling hands upon my shoul
der. "I know my Katia would choose
only the right one."
He drew her within his other arm
and kissed her.
I tried to remember what had hap
pened to me the night before, but all
that I remember was that I began to
undress myself. I thought of Katia
and of my obligation to meet her this
morning, but the memory of my dream
chilled- my brain. However, j my rea
son predominated, and I, said to my
self as I prepared to go to my beloved,
"Traume sinrt Schaume," and tried to
banish the vision from my mind. . I
paced- the room with the tower In my
hands, wiping my face and laughing at
my own superstition. "Dreams are the
fruit of idle brains," I murmured; yet
the one I had just experienced contin
ued to annoy me, and my heart beat
like a sledge-hammer. Finally I con
quered my superstition and set out to
visit Katia.
I opened my eyes. I found my land
lady standing at the foot of the bed, a
trifle frightened.
"Mr. Russakoff," she explained, "I
wondered what could have happened
to you. Ten o'clock and you were not
up yet. I sent up my little girl and she
said ths door was unlocked and you
were asleep in your clothes. You have
looked a little melancholy of late, and
I thought God knows what has hap
pened to you. You must have had
bad dreams, for you were crying in
your sleep when I came In. But crying
in sleep is a sign of joy."
man-ghost relaxed his clasped hands
and motioned to the right. I looked.
The myriads of candles were suddenly
extinguished and palpable darkness
pervaded the very atmosphere of the
church. Suddenly, as from the mouth
of a volcano, a streak or flame leaped
from the ground, which had been oc
cupied by the audience. By its light I
noticed before me priests in robes
like clergymen with big crucifixes in
their hands groping about in darkness.
They all came forward to the flame
and threw fagots from a pile that lay
close by. The flame turned into a big
blaze. The priests lifted their voices
and chanted religious hymns above the
noisy crackling. Their song was me
lodious, devotional, sad. Groans
reached my ears; I turned. An old
man with long, silvery beard and hair
and a beautiful maiden with arms
clinging around his neck were brought,
before the fire. The maiden's "massive
luxuriant black hair mingled with the
old man's white beard, and their tears
streamed down together. They lifted
their eyes heavenward, and the blaze
lighted up their contrasting counte
nances — his marred by old age 'and sor
row, hers blooming ana sweet. The
patriarch uttered in a weird voice,
that echoed far and wide: "Hear, O
Israel! God our Lord, God is one."
Then he exchanged kisses with the
maiden by his side, and their, tears
flowed In one stream. "Yahweh is one,"
both repeated.
A murmur of surprise passed from
priest to priest. Then again every
thing was hushed. Solemnly the aged
man and the maiden were led to the
rising- flames. The fagots crackled
louder and louder, the flames rose
higher and higher, the priests sang and
chanted with more devotion, and a
weird voice answered: "Yahweh is
one."
Suddenly the spectators were hushed
fk it by me sic, and two apparitions el
bowed their way to where the priest
and I stood. I shrank back with fright
n3 the ghosts advanced a step and put
themselves between me and the font.
One was shrouded and wrapped in a
Talis. and had his hands and long
bony arms clasped over his head as if
in despair. The other was the ghost of
a woman,- • tall and lean, hollow
cheeked, with hair disheveled, and
wild eyes that seemed about lo"dart
from their cavernous' sockets. The
priest checked himself.
The apparitions came close to me;
their shrouds touched my clothes; I
shuddered. They both fixed upon me
more horror than words could tell. The
It seemed to me I stood before the
altar, above which VarnltzofTs "Ma
donna and Child" shone with unusual
brilliancy, and a priest in his clerical
r'arb stood by the baptismal font and
held a bronze crucifix in his hand.
The bells continued to chime while a
great crowd of people were filling the
immense church. Yet everything about
roc {was so Quiet that I could almost
hear the movements of the priest's lips
as hr> solemnly rolled his eyes and
murmured spme prayer. He opened a
Email hymn-book and read something
from it. lly eye? were fixed upon the
"Madonna and Child" in front of me,
half in admiration, half in bewilder
ment.
The gorgeous Vladimir Cathedral,
one of the hc-tiest of the "holy quar
ter" of Kieff. was brilliantly illumi
nated by myriads of tapers. The high
arched ceilings looked like a frosty
winter sky with innumerable twinkling
stars. Hundreds of bells tolled sonor
ously, clamorously, and their resound
ing echo made the earth tremble. How
l*ud they rang arid clanged! The high
portals cf- the cathedral were open and
people — thousands of them— were com
ing.in with bowed heads and solemn
faces. "A Jew Ic going to be baptized,"
I heard rcme one whisper.
I moved a chair near the grate, and
resttxit my feet pn the fender I fixed
my eyes on the glowing spots within.
Listlessly I looked at the little tongues
of flames shooting forth here and
there a-r.d battling for life "among the
•dead reals and spiritleFS ashes. I was
xjwn engrossed in this play of life and
death, when suddenly a coal crackled
with a short crisp snap, like that of
agony, and rolling' aside sent forth
l'.ery line'?, which soon formed the out
lines cf a human face. Against the
bliick coalr, which were piled up like
a braided .skein of hair, glittered two
bright spots like sparkling eyes; there
below the flames curved in the shape
of .lips slightly opened; and lower still
two red coals intersected to form a
golden crucifix. The arms of the cruci
fix increased in length; then the face
vanished; . In another instant, at the
point of the arms of the cross I be
held a face without a body or hands or
feet. Theii-the arms of the human
lorra extgeded along the arms of the
cross, legs along the foot of it, a body—
and lot. the cross vanished and I be
held my own Image.
tl remember that I gazed stupidly at
this', fire-drawn picture for a long while,
when another spectacle appeared be
fore me. • •
• Coming "'into.' my room, I lighted my
limp and put a few coals, upon the
fire, which had all but expired. The
lamplight was tea intense, I thought,
and I turned down the wick, leaving
a scarcely visible glow. One thinks
best in darkness. , .¦'..":' ¦;
\Valking home that afternoon
through the. Krestchatik— the main
thoroughfare — which was teeming with
"busy pedestrians, my senses were
stunned. All I could hear was a deaf
ening clamor of bells. Swiftly I trav
ersed the Igng, beautiful streets as If
impelled by a cyclone. Now and then
I raised my eyes to a monument, a
i hurch, a cathedral and instinctively
frowned. My brain seemed to have be
come" suddenly benumbed. At the
junction of Podol with Pecherslcoi I
stopped involuntarily and stared like
an idiot: at St. Vladimir's monument,
whkh'.is supposed to mark -the site of
a. fountain at which his children were
baptized. The high-stuccoed obelisk
filled. me with a. mysterious supersti
tious- :•. we, and as' my eyes rested on
.the. wot'den crucifix I murmured to my
self the -inscription which it bears in
Hebrew, Creek and Latin: "Jesus of
¦N'azareth. the King of the Jews." I
gjnilfd" and read it again and smiled.
•A.' youngster locked at me and
•shouted-.; "lx>ok at him! He is crazy!"
THE BURDEN OF THE CROSS.
CHAPTER X.
.' -What was then race or faith to me?
•.Who -thought of religion? I felt her
heart beat against mine— I felt her
glowing check against mine. I loved
her; she loved me. What does love care
¦for creeds . and ceremonies which have
emanated from cold or mystic brains?
Love was my faith— Katla's faith. Is
not God the incomprehensible term for
Icrye? . - • •; ":;'-•
' 1 gazed at her, but a mist gathered
-before my eyes and a thousand bells
teeemed to chime in my ears. All I
"titruld. see "vtas-'th'e golden cross upon
Katia's breast— to me. the symbol of
•my people's wrongs. But in another
'jr.stant I "sa.w- Katia's eyes, glorious
with love. : ' • • • .
. "Yes/' I whispered.
. "And you'll be baptized?'
• v 'Tes." I repeated:. The word almost
choked me." - . •
1 might not believe in Judaism, but
cirald I even,' as a matter of form,
adopt the faith of the persecutors of
my race * • . •
.'Of course you believe in Christ."
said- Katia. Evidently she did not
Sully '¦ understand tire difference be
tween-a'Je.w and a Christian.
•• Baptized— that's all. I thought I had
tons, abandoned my faith and was free
train its beliefs and prejudices, but at
* h«se words, spoken in a matter-of-
Cact voice, my Jewish sentiment arose
hi ¦ revolt against this imminent apos
tasy/ : . --, .*-"•'•-*
. "Why, no, it doesn't. Tou only have
.lo be baptised— that's all,'.' she re
turned innocently.
> * •¦"""N UT don't you know that ' the
• Yy law stands in the way of our
/jTN marriage?" I asked. For the
. V^/ time, this had escaped my
ow.n' mind.
(CONCLUDED.)
By Ezra S. Brudno
(Copyright, 1004. by Doublcday. Page & Co.)
THE FUGITIVE
. The throng pressed back. Two ruf
fUna draesred an old man by his feet
"Ho! ho! ho! ho!" cheered hundreds
from the crowd below. "Throw down
the Jewish brat!" '
With the exultation of conquest the
screeching babe was flung high in the
air like a ball, and It came down upon,
the pavement with a splash of blood
that bespattered the bystanders.
"Comrades, a snow is coming," an
nounced a blood-stained muzhik, with
a boisterous laugh as a large feather
bed was rent in twain and its contents
spread to the winds. -';;../
"Co-o-old!" Jeered the crowd with
feigned chattering of teeth.
"A 1 Jewish frost," a lad ¦ wittily ex
claimed.
"Make way for the Jew— make way!"
crowd so closely together that we can
not fully grasp a single one. -
I - waited i distractedly for the speci
fied hour. I drew my watch from my
pocket, laid it on the table .and looked
at its face. How slow its hands crept!
I wound It up every quarter of an
hour, and wondered, how long fifteen
minutes was and 'how long a man's
life was. .
A clock in the neighborhood struck
two; the appointed hour— the hour to
wash off my Judaism with a little
Christian wate£-had arrived. I locked
the door of my* room, put the key into
my pocket with a nervous hand, and
walked slowly toward the priest's
house.
I had to pass . the Jewish settlement
Ubedskl. This caused me some un
easiness. I was ashamed of myself
and wished I could avoid it, but there
was no other way.
An uproar broke upon my ears as I
approached Llbedski — the wild, boister
ous noise of muzhiks' in a skirmish. But
In the Jewish quarter on Sunday! I
wondered, and a sudden fear possessed
me. People were running from all
sides, and forgetting everything else I
ran after them. I soon found myself
In the midst of a turbulent mob. Jos
tled and carried along like a wisp of
straw on a flowing stream. The street
was filled with gesticulating, brawling
peasants, who gave vent to volleys of
oaths as only descendants of Tartars
know how, and rapaciously attacked
Jewish shops and dwellings. Here and
there savage, looking muzhiks,, with
long, unkempt, sandy hair, bloodshot
eyes and disordered dress, shouted and
yelled through the windows of wrecked
houses like firemen fighting flames.
The noises wore deafening: the crash
of axes mingled . with wild shrieks of
victory; the ring of crowbars echoed
above cries of agony; the clanking of
hatchets drowned piercing screams of
butchered babes; whoops of triumph
swallowed heartrending groans of de
spair.
"Take carel" bellowed a rioter from
a second-story window to the j excited
crowd below, as he shoved out a long
mirror, which appeared In the sun like
a sheet of quivering fire. An air-split
ting cheer went up as the glass was
shattered upon the pavement.
"Stand back!" hoarse voices called
form another upper story window as
a piano was forced through. A second
later it struck the sidewalk with a, re
sounding crash. . ? rj
"Catch it! Catch ' It!" a roaring
voice came from a third story, as a
screaming babe was swung in the air
by its feet. ,
With a jubilant shout the struggling
old man was raised in the air and car
ried up to- the -high ga41ery. : V.
"Throw him down!" 'demanded the
mob. . '-.:•* }_'; '» .;•£¦¦' ' t~ \
• ''.'Save the Torah—^the holy • Torah."
faintly moaned the victim.'
"The holy Torah — the holy Torah!"
mocked the rioters; and with a. heavy
thud the martyr's body struck the
floor. " • ."u
I remembered the Iron in iny hand.
"Blood! blood! blood!" I muttered to
myself as the- violators began to tear
the scrolls of the Torah in stflpa and
trample the parchment under foot: My
iron rose and fell mercilessly. I cleared
my way until I reached" the door;
Finding myself outside. I continued the
slaughter. But suddenly my » eyes
dimmed, I became dizzy, and' a hot
current passed through my body. The
Iron- drooped from my clasp "and J
raised my hand to my forehead! Some
thing like a drop of boiling water
dripped down my nose. I wiped it
away, but it dripped faster and faster.
Tumult, confusion, shrieking, scream
ing, begging. Imploring.
I stopped before .the -synagogue. -A.
gang of brutes were forcing an en
trance into the house of worship. Its
doors were soon stormed and the crowd
burst furiously In. I pressed in after
them. Befcrre the ark that contained
scrolls of the Torah — the book, that In
spired prophets and poets and sages —
stood an .old Jew wrapped in a Tails,
his arms spread across its portals and
begging mercifully:
"Kill me, but save the holy Torah."
- "Take him to the gallery!" the one
who acted as leader commanded.
She was caught and thrown to the
ground struggling for her life, for her
honor.
"Stop!" I cried with' all my. might,
and began to pull away the rioters.
They gave me no heed. .; •'
"Christians! men! beasts-rhalt!** I
shouted at the too of my voice. ¦
"Kill the Jew!" a cry /went op. A
number of bystanders dragged me
from the assailants, raining blows up
on my head. - . " •
"Defend your down-trodden people."
a voice seemed to call from within me.
Clubs, sticks, iron bars littered the
ground. I seized a sharp iron and with
all my strength hammered the heads
bent over their victim. Some fell
bleeding to the ground, while -others
were fighting to finish 'their diabolical
deed- I branished the iron right and
left, up and down, furiously. "Blood!"
I muttered, frantic with the scene be
fore me. I craved to see- blood, to
wash myself clean wlth>.b,lood, to sub
merge myself in blood. I struck head*
and breasts and shoulders with the
rage of a demon, and blood gushsd
forth abundantly. /"Baptize your Jew
ish soul with blood," a weird-lik«
voice whispered to me. ; And I did
bathe in fresh, hot human blood.
"Soldiers! Cossacks!" rose a cry cf
warning, as a squad of horsemen cam*
Into the street. . . # "••"..'.
"Arrest that Jew!" ordered some on*
in a shout. • . »•
I turned and saw the officer whom X
had met at Blalnlck's pointing to mi .
"Stop that Jew!" he commanded
again. But before any ope could stop
me I fled to the next street. .. .
There the fight was fiercer.- Feathers
and leaves of books filled the air;
porches and balconies fell "with explo
sive roaring; massive furniture came
down upon the pavement, with thun
der-like crashes; on" every side" were
mangled babes, mutilated old ¦ Jewish
women, aged Jews with . crushed
limbs and fractured skulls, lacerated
girls fighting for their honor. Here
and there fashionably . dressed. Chris
tian women bent down to pick up a
piece of precious Jewelry or a trinket
which the rioters had dropped in their
wild excitement. ,, .
down a high porch and ran through
the. streets dragging him after them,
the Jew's "white hair* sweeping .the
stones of the pavement and paining
their sharp edges red with, flowing
blood. ' v.' '*'.-.•:-
And I was on my way to accept the
faith of. these two-legged beasts! I
shuddered. - . a
A frightful shriek made my wooa
curdle. i-'ix-- 8W3
"Help! Help!" A girl with
heveled black hair, with her clothes
torn Into shreds, rushed from a rich
house, pursued by several rioters;
"Ah! ah! ah!" Lusty, exclamations
came from all sides at the appearance
of the maiden. ?,'.
r THE ' SAN** FRANCISCO SUNDAY ~C ALII!
2Every person's life would make an
interesting story if the narrator only
.knew which portions to tell and which
.to omit. In this. truism will be found
my reason for omitting a detailed, ac
count of thfe two years following my
departure- from my native soil. Like a
restless, spirit I wandered from city to
city, from country to country, with no
definite purpose in view, I traveled
through Germany, France, „ Switzer
land, Italy, England. I tried hard to
forget the past — root it put of my
memory — but one face remained' ever
vivid before me. I- searched, I in
quired, but I sought in vain for my
heart's desire.
One fine" frosty morning found me on
the deck of a steamer gently . beating
the waves of New -York Bay and slowly
moving toward the land of liberty.
As the steamer approached Castle
Garden the passengers, with bundles in
their hands, anxiously gazed toward
the shore. . The impatience of the crowd
grew every moment. The climax of
their excitement was reached when the
boat was * being moored. Handker
chiefs were waved from, the dock, and
those on deck who recognized friends
among the waiting crowd exchanged
cries . of greeting with • them. Leaning
against -the railing, my head full of
strange thoughts, I -looked Jealously at
my fellow passengers. Everybody
came to acquaintances, friends, rela-
' IN THE LAND OF LIBERTY.
CHAPTER I.
"And strangers shall stand and feed their
flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your
ploughman and your vinedresser." — Isaiah.
BOOK THE THIRD.
, LIBERTY.
I told him who I was.
"Shrolke!" He sprang up with joy.
"lam w glad to se* you— as my own
child. Shone Zion! They told me that
you went to the gymnasium, and that
The machine stopped abruptly with a
click, and ralsinsr his head inquisitively
he said In a soft tone: "And who are
you from home? Sit down, please." He
wiped the dust from a chair without a
back, remarking: "I can see that you
ar£ not one of the common people,"
"I beg your pardon," I began apolo
getically. "Weren't you the teacher of
thf» Talmud Torah at — "
"Are you a tailor from home?" he
answered with a question, unintention
ally- wounding my pride.
. After J had looked at the man for a
mlm te or two something like a flash of
lightning brightened my memory — Get
zel Gorgle! My heart beat faster; the
consciousness of another acquaintance
sent a thrill of delight through my
heart. \ . .
I decided to go up another flight and
see SImachowitch. When I reached
the door of the manufacturer of pants,
overalls, skirts and . children's suits I
could hear no sound within except a
slight click, between that of a sewing
machine and that of a slot-machine.
I entered the room hesitatingly and
remained standing near the door.
There was only one person in the room
— a middle-aged man, bending over a
button-hole machine.
Although I could tell from the ex
pression of the man making button
holes that he was aware of my pres
ence, he did not raise his eyes, but
kept them fixed on the machine. His
beard struck my fancy first; it was of
a quaint color; the sides were almost
red, the lower, part almost dark, his
mustache fairly brown. His eyes were
dim j and watery; his forehead was
high and broad; a skullcap rested
peacefully on his head. This was Sim
achowitch, "the cheapest clothing
manufacturer In America, "whose spe
cialties were button-holes, overalls,
shirts, knee pants, etc.
When. he had finished a button-hole
the machine jerked and stopped, and
the operator raised his head question
ingly.. I repeated what I had said on
the floor below.
I thought I had seen this man before
but I could not place him. The voice
in particular sounded familiar. So I
made another attempt to make him
reveal his identity. .
"Is tailoring a good trade here?"
Although Dovidle — I should say Mr.
Levando, as he was best known here by
his second name — was engaged In shirt
making himself, he said it would break
his heart to see a graduate of gymna
sium and university sewing garments,
so he advised me to look for more gen
teel work. Thereupon Mr. Takiff sug
gested cigar-making, but Malke mur
mured that cigar-making would hurt
my lungs and heart. However, Mon
day morning I decided to take a tour
through the small cigar shops on the
East Side, to look for a job. After an
hour of aimless wandering I stopped
before a number of English-Yiddish
signs, with a determination to seek
work from some of the firms within.
I walked up two flights of stairs and
found myself in a hallway so dark that
I could see no door. Sewing-machines
worked speedily somewhere within and
made the floor tremble. As I stoc.il
wondering where the door could be. it
swung open, and I was almost knocked
over by a boy with sleeves rolled up,
who darted past me and down the
stairs. I entered the door and found
myself in a square room, the dimen
sions of which could not have been
more than sixteen feet. Two girls sat
stooped over sewing-machines, with
their eyes fixed upon the pieces of
cloth that they pushed under the nee
dles.
"Whr-r— whr-r — whr-r-r-r — " the ma
chines hummed busily. At another
machine sat an elderly man with spec
tacles, and one machine stood unoc
cupied, which I surmised belonged to
the boy who had almost caused my
overthrow at the door. There was only
one window: a small gaslight burned
over the elderly man's machine, which
was farthest from the window. A wo
man whese forehead was half-covered
with a wig was pulling the thread
from seams; next to her stood a
presser, whose face was bathed in per
spiration, which he frequently wiped
off with his rolled-up shirt sleeves; and
by his side was a gasoline stove on
which the Irons were heating. .
No. one noticed me as I entered, ex
cept the bewigged woman, who gave
me a furtive glance and dropped her
eyes back to the seam. .
A few minutes later the boy who had
passed me in the hall returned. He
was the boss's son, he informed me,
and, the boss being away, he would at
tend to my wants.
One girl nudged her neighbor with
her elbow, and both cast glances at my
feet. The two of them began to giggle.
The blood ascended to my face; my
feelings were wounded. In my native
land I was respected as a student; here
working-girls laughed at me.
"I can tell a greener by his shoes,"
I overheard one say.
It was only my foreign shoes they
laughed at. However, It hurt me. We
are so egotistic that we even feel the
insults directed at our belongings.
I LOOK FOR A JOB.
CHAPTER III.
"What are you jabbering: there?"
Shmunke appeared In the doorway
with a sneer on his face. "Your Jewish
nonsense over again 7 How many times
have I told you to' leave me out of
your lamentation after your rotten Ju
daism? I'll leave home to-night if you
go on with tnis." He - disappeared
again, and I heard him strike a match
in the next room.
"I have nothing against Shmunlte,"
she whispered to me the next instant;
"if it had not been for us he would not
have come here. ' "What is the use of
talking?. We must keep quiet.' He pays
his board; and I make on him a dollar
or a dollar and a half a week."
Then she walked upon her tiptoes to
Shmunke's room, and opening the door
timidly said:
"Shmu— a— Dzames, we have a guest,
a student of Javo-lin — "
Without answering her he appeared
with a lighted, cigarette between his
lips. With his chest thrust forward he
stepped up to me and said in English,
in a tone as if addressing an inferior:
"So you are from Jav'olin. My name is
Dzames Connally. I vas also a r stu
dent of dat place. "
As I was talking with these people,
or rather as Groone talked and we lis
tened, the door opened and a tall, bony
fellow, smooth-shaven, with glasses on
his nose, came in, and without looking
at us passed through the room Into the
next one.
"Shmunke!" Groone called after him.
. "I have told you a million times."
the young man said, turning about,
"that my name Is Dzames, and don't
you call me by your dirty sheeny
names." And he disappeared wrath
fully into the adjoining room.
"That is America for you!" Groone
sodded her head and waved her .hand
toward Shmunke, and Menke puffed at
his pipe indifferently. "'At home*
Rabbi Brill consulted him wheneveV he
had a knotty qoint in the Talmud, and
here he would throw stones at a Jew.
Oi and woe is me what I have lived to
seel"
Menke remained standing as if sud
denly pushed under a shower-bath,
with a half-idiotic smile on his face,
his "American hat" a trifle inclined to
one side. ¦ ¦ ¦
"I do remember him, but I can't re
call his name," he stammered in his
nasal voice, shrugging his shoulders.
"Then say you don't know him," his
spouse burst out. "Why are you chew
ing and pretending that you do know
him? Long shall live this head!" She
patted her wig with her hand. "The
moment he opened .the door I cried out
"Israel!"'
Menke was abashed at this; he con
tinued to look at me with a perplexed
and foolish smile.
I said I had neither.
"Upon my word In honor, you're
making fun of me. How is it without
a wife?" she asked incredulously.
With these and like arguments I was
assailed, and would perhaps have sur
rendered had not Menke fortunately
come in.
"S-h!" Groone warned me, then fold
ed her hands in maternal easiness.
"Menke, will you recognize this young
man?" • •
"And * your husband's name is
Men 1 -- " I continued tantalizing, hold
ing the door to keep her from shutting
it in, my face.
"What, then, should his name be —
Todres?" came another interrogation,
quick as lightning. Then she added:
"I don't understand you, young man.
My father was just as nice a man as
yours, and don't you come to insult me
In my own house."
"Don't you know me, Groone?" I
smiled, moving a little forward. '
My tone seemed to have gained fa
vor, for she said with, rather less
sharpness: "Where do you come
from?"
I thought this enough dilly-dallying
and told her who I was.
"God be with you! Come In, Reb
Isra-1, come in. Who^ would have ever
believed that you would grow so tall
and nice — and in America! Ach. mein
Gott! You also in America! Tell me,
Reb Israel, how do you come to this
country?" .
"I coul I not come by rail so I came
fly boat," I answered, with rather a
weak attempt at humor.
"I>pon my word, the same Israel,
with the same old jukes. When did
you get here?"
I told her. t
"Did you leave your wife and chil
dren at home?" -
you want?" X
I retreated a step , In surprise. In
stead of announcing myself as her new
lodger, I asked: "If you please, arn't
you from Javolin?"
"Where should I come from If not
from Javolin?" she answered with a
question.
"Is not your name Groone?" I ven
tured to ask again, smiling at the
grimace on her face.
"What, then, is my name — Sprinze?"
she flung another question Instead of a
reply, and swung the door as if to give
me a hint.
Mr. Takiff found me lodgings with a
family that he said he had known in
Russia, and on the following Sunday
morning I climbed the four flights of
dirty stairs that led to my new home
and knocked gently at the door.
It opened, and a heavily bewlgged
woman, with long earrings dangling
down her cheeks, thrust out her head
and asked in Yiddish: "Well, what do
This is my third birth I said to my
self that night as I tossed sleeplessly
from side to side. I was a babe again.
My proficiency in languages, my liter
ary skill, my ideas— none of 'these was
of avail to me here. Again I was bab
bling the Jewish jargon as in the be
ginning of my miserable childhood;
again an orphan — vithout a fatherland
— a wanderer, a vagabond in a strange
land. • I had to start life anew from its
very beginning. Again I was in the
Ghetto I so much despised. It seemed
thaK the Ghetto' was foreordained for
me. In vain had I struggled to free
myself from it; futile had been my
strenuous efforts to break away from
the narrow confinement of the Jewry.
By a force stronger than my will I was
drawn back to It.
"SHMUNKE MENKE SHMUNKE'S
CHAPTER II.
A few minutes later Groone and I be
gan to talk business, and after consid
erable bargaining we came to terms —
seventy-five cents' for lodging, and
board to be furnished by her at actual
cost. On the same afternoon my trunk
was placed in Groone's "front room"
and I had become her boarder, siting
in the only rocking-chair in the house
and brooding over my sorry circum
stances.
When I had told him my name he
shook my hand cordially and rattled
off the following speech: "Hov.- rings
turn! Before you vas de intelligence
boy and I vas de fanatic, and yet
(meaning now) you arc, of course, a
good orthodoxian Jewish and I am a
free-t'inker. Dis ignorant Jewish makes
me seock vit deir religion." He spoke
contemptuously, swinging his long arms
and puffing out clouds of cigarette
smoke. "And besides, deir manners are
aw/ul. vit de beards and shabby clo'es,
and dey talk not'ing but Yiddish. Deir
condition is awful! And all because of
deir fanaticism and superstitlousness.
Vere God— vat God?— ha! ha! ha! Dey
goes to shool like in Russia and pray
to- whom? Not'ing; dey pray. la dere
a God? Is it not nature— everyt'lng na
ture, as . Spenoza believed? Dere is
not'ing but nature. And if de Jewish
vould believe in Sotziallsm and read
Karl Marx and Lassalle, or at least
read de Arbelter Zeitung or Dem Ernes,
dey vould too become dellghtened and
educated like us culturised peoples."
' As the train hurried toward the Ger
man frontier I continued to look
through the window, which was fre
quently clouded with a blast of. black
smoke, and I thought of Litwinoff, one
of Turgenieff's creations: "All is but
smoke and -vapor; everything is con
stantly , changing; one shape dissolves
itself into another, one event succeeds
another, but in reality everything re
mains the same. There is much stir
and confusion, but all these clouds
vanish at - last without leaving any
trace, without . having accomplished
anything. The winds cnange their di
rection; they pass to the other side and
there continue their feverish and fruit
less motion."
"Smoke, smoke— smoke and vapor,"
I muttered to myself. "Smoke, smoke,
and nothing but smoke and vapor." ' .
About a week later the Zion League,
which consisted of a" large, number of
students, young doctors and lawyers,
journalists and engineers, left for Pa
lestine to establish colonies there and
prepare for the coming Messiah.
I, however, decided to try some coun
try of western Europe. I packed up
my belongings, and in the same month
bade farewell to the land that gave me
life and sought to extinguish It. While
I sat in the car that crossed the Rus
sian frontier and looked without, thick
volumes of smoke Issued from the en
gine-stack and rolled over the vast
stretches of stubble-fields and stacks
of reaped rye, wheat, and straw. I
looked gloomily through tne car win
dow as we traversed woods and forests,
flying swiftly across bridges, and al
lowing me only a glimpse of the waters
below and of the broadexpanse of Rus
sian territory. I gazed wistfully at the
varying panorama through which I
sped, and my heart throbbed wildly at
the thought that it might be my last
look at Russia. No matter how cruelly
I had been treated in tnat land it was
the land in which I roamed barefoot in
my childhood, and was ever to be re
membered With yearning.
In a short time I recovered entirely
from my illness; only a scar across my
forehead and right eye was left to re
mind me of my injuries. I was low
spirited most of the time, and stayed
in the 'Jewish settlement. "The stone
which I recently despised became the
headstone of the corner." I felt like
the prodigal son returned to his father.
Again there was a yearning in my
heart for the Ghetto, eurrounded by
high, dingy walls, with a heavy gate;
again there was In my heart a craving
desire for the Beth-Hamedrash, with
its hot ' oven, by which I could sit
among my honest people and brood
over a folio of Talmud. I also had
dreamed, for a certainty. And that
day had awakened me, too.
I BID FAREWELL TO MY FATH
ERLAND.
CHAPTER XIII.
"What has happened to nim?"
"He was arrested immediately after
the riots and — " /
"And was sent to Siberia?" I struck
in fearfully. . . * . _ , .
"No; he managed to escape, and I
was told he is with his daughter either
in France or Switzerland."
self-esteem as a born Jew aroused by
the recent massacre revolted against
my love. I hesitated whether or not
to go back to her.
How strangely people often act!
What would I not have done for
Katia's sake two months before? And
now, when my road was so smooth,
without the least obstacle, I thought
of giving up the loveliest and most
charming girl on account of a little
cold water. True, the world calls it
changing one's faith, but is it not , In
reality only deceiving a narrow
minded priest? True, the world con
demns and despises one who goes
through this ceremony without being
in earnest about it, but do not men in
more ways than this deceive others in
the pursuits of life? Do not writers
every day, in newspapers, magazines
and voluminous books, misrepresent
themselves and express ideas they do
not themselves believe? Do not poli
ticians who are respected and honored
in our community, and whose praises^
are perpetuated in verse — do not these'
political schemers advocate principles
solely for their own benefit? What dif
ference is there between one who mis
represents his ideas or belief for a mil
lion and the poor man 1 - whose stomach
pains from hunger, who lets himself be,
sprinkled with a little cold water by
some priest for a few dollars? Is not
love the most divine and the purest
sentiment that can prompt one to de
ceive a bigoted priest? In doing this
one does not trifle with God, but mere
ly expe-ses a foolish priest -to the ridi
cule of the wise. Never in his life did
the witty Heine play a greater satiri
cal prank on Christendom than by his
baptism.
Finally I decided to go and see Katia.
I inquired of Levinski, who was on
friendly terms with Judge Bialnick,
about the latter.
"Judge Bialnick?" he said. "No one
knows where he is."
He shrugged his shoulders, and the
smile that spread over his face plainly
signified "no."
"Israel— a— Russ— " . his brother-in
law tried to help him out. (I had
adopted the second name of my Rus
sian passport.)
He shook his head negatively.
"I had the pleasure of eating at your
table one Friday night," I struck in.
At my ' remark his countenance
beamed with- gratification. "Many ate
at my table at home," he said, nodding
his head with a touch of pride.
I recalled to his mind the occasion on
which I had profited by his hospitality.
A little later I;told them that, much
as I appreciated their kindness I would
not intrude* on them longer, but Would
go at once and look for lodgings.
"Really, ' you • must think we came
from Sodom or Gemoro," said GlUele,
with just a little bit of indignation in
her, voice. "Do you think We. will let
you go away Erev-Shabbos? We are
t'Any news in Russia? How Is the
treatment of the Jews? As severe as
ever?" and added a few more ques
tions without giving me a' chance to
reply to- the first. .
"Do you . recognize him, David?"
(Dovidle being a diminutive of David)
asked Mr. Takiff. :
"It would, be a sin for me to com
plain. I have* to praise the Lord for
His favors to me in my old age. Why
should I bewail my lost wealth so long
as I have saved my daughter? Her
name here is Regina Wlgodski. Yes,
I wrested her from that v 'scoundrel's
hands," he said to me as If he were
talking to himself. "He threatened to
shoot me; he even ' aiiAed at me. But
what a foolish count! I- would -rather
have the bullet pierce, my brain than
leave her in his house. But I saved
her. I found out that she was with him
on his estate near Mohilev. I went
there about a month after you left us.
His servants .would not let me in. But
I got In. He stood In tne veranda of
his palace and set his dogs on me, but
they only tore my. clothes and bruised
my hand here." He showed me a deep
scar. "But I did get into his palace in
spite of all his threats. I implored him
to give me back my daughter, and fell
on my knees before him. I kissed his
boots, only kicked me. He
threatened^to throw me out of his inn
and ruin me. 'Malke, my daughter!' I
cried with all my voice, so she could
not help hearing me. He ordered_hls
servants to throw me out. They beat
me. they flogged me. they almost
crushed me. But I heard somebody
weeping in an adjoining room.' I knew
her voice. I knew ehe would " come
back to me; I was certain that now she
must come. So I waited. I knew she
would come, and come she did.
"It was In the middle of winter. I
had neglected my business and the Inn
was less' frequented, for I was practi
cally alone and could not attend to It.
My wife had died Just a week before."
This last he said as if in answer to my
inquisitive look. "Late one night I was
sitting alone in the house. My little
boy was asleep. Snow had drifted
around the inn as high as the window
sills and a storm was raging. I sat by
the hot oven warming myself and look
ing into a book, though my thoughts
were far away. My wife's ghost— peace
be with her— had come to me in a
dream the night before and said: 'No
sen, Malke is coming home;, forgive
her.' I was thinking about this, when
I thought the latch of the door clicked.
It" must be caused by the wind, I de
cided. A, few minutes later the'latch
clicked again,- as if some one were try
ing to lift : it. The blasts. of the^ wind
made frightful noises, t»s if they were
going to upset the inn. Then every
thing was quiet for a minute or so. I
closed my book and paced up and down
the room. I heard something bump
up against the door. I hurried to the
door and opened it. \ A figure lay pros
trate before me. I fetched the lamp
and looked at it. I need not telr you
the rest. She had returned to the God
of Israel." ¦ .
He heaved a deep sigh and pro
ceeded :
"That scoundrel took the inn away
from me and ruined me, as he had
threatened to do, but I was prepared
for it. I sold out what little was left
me and sailed for America. I left my
son with a wealthy brother gi mine in
Kovno. At home it would be hard for
her to get married, I thought, so I de
cided to come to this country. I- am
not sorry for It.
"Coming over here I had a 4ittle
money yet, and I did not let her go to
work In a shop. I peddled and made
my three or four dollars a week.' But
she insisted on going to work, and she
found a place in a shirt factory, where
she made the acquaintance of Mr. Wi
goski, whom she married a year ago.
He is also a student from home, and he
expects to take a profession after a
while." , \
As he finished tears were rolling
down his wrinkled face, but I could not
tell whether they were tears of joy or
grief. .-..
The door opened and a middle-aged
man with a black beard and a jovial
face entered. I recognized him— the
same Reb Dovldle I had met six years
before. He was not as well dressed as
he was then, and hard work had made
deep marks in his countenance.
"Well, Gittele, God- be praised!" he
said in Yiddish to his wife. "Business
is improving from day to day." .
• He took off his stiff nat, put on his
skull cap, and came into the "front
room."
, "You are home early to-day, Nosen.
Oh, .1 see, you've found an old friend.
Sholom-alelchem." He 'stretched out
his hand to me cordially. "I can al
ways tell a 'greener' as soon as I look
at him," he«added, without waiting for
a formal Introduction.
"Let us go to 'the front room," said
Mr. Takiff after I had finished eating.
"We will talk over old stories until
'she' comes.".. . '-.
We went to the parlor, or front room,
us they called it. Besices a folding
bed there were a- set of second-hand
plush-covered furniture, a small case
crammed with books, and an old organ.
We sat down, a short pause ensued.
I could see that he wisned to tell me
about Malke, so I waited for him to
begin. •
"She will be so glad to see you," he
repeated again. "My Bister grumbles
all the time, but I bear my wounds si
lently." He was approaching the sub
ject gently, I observed. His careworn
face showed inner grief.
proper coals in this country, and who
has the ' time to bother with it? My
husband advised me not to bring it
here at all, bat I could not part with
it; we had three; and, I sold the others.
I also brought a Shaas (the Talmud),
but .who gives a glance into the Tal
mud in this treif America? There it
lies packed up over my bed. At home
my. children would be rabbis, perhaps,
but here-^oi and woe, is me! — no- one
cares for such things. My children do
not want to answer in Yiddish when I
talk to them— nothing but English. <-'
Finally we reached t»e fourth floor. <
The gray-headed Mr. Tgaklff burst out:
"Let the devil take the American
stairs! They take my breath away." He
tried to open one of the several doors
in the dark hall. It was locked. "She
must have gone out. We'll go into my
slater's until she gets back." .
He knocked at the other door on the
same floor. "Gittele, we have a guest.
Can you recognize him?" he said to the
woman who responded to his knock.
I recognized her instantly. She was
the same Gittele I had seen> years be
fore, buxom and healthy, t>ut her face
bore the marks of suffering. .
She looked at me and smiled, saying
she could not recall me. When my
host told her who I was she seemed de
lighted at seeing me again.
"Are you long from home (meaning
Russia)?"
I told her how long. ,
"Blessed are those who know not of
this cursed land!" she*said with a sigh.
"At home we were somebody. Every
one knew of us and (she always
spoke for/ her husband, too) lived in
comfort; but here — would that .Colum
bus had. never been born, so that we
had been. spared from coming to this
land t)f rigorous service!. Woe to Reb
Dovidle, at whose table every needy
person found food and assistance-! v 1 '
In the meantime I cast a glance
about the house. There '• were only
three . rooms. The one v.-e sat in was
the kitchen and dining-room, the fur
niture of- which consisted of. a small
table covered _ with oilcloth,, a stove
near the sink, dish shelves on which. I
noticed a samovar and six candle
sticks; on the- walls were a picture of
the President of the United States at
an inauguration, and' certificates of
several lodges, to which, I presumed,
the head of the family belonged. .The
room, though small, was neat and tidy.'
"Make yourself at home, Mr.' Russa
koff," Gittele said to me,., returning
with a white cloth; which she laid on
the table. * *'My brother's guest is also
my gue^t; and . besides, we : are .old
friends, too."
She poured out tea for me, remark
ing: "American teu! Does it have any
taste or flavor? I brought a samovar
from home, but where can you get the
8 •
"Let " the whole business go to
blazes!" he answered bitterly. "I stay
here all day and make thirty or forty
cents, and sometimes I must give away
half of my profit to that tall policeman,
who often threatens to make me move.
This is American business," he added
with a sigh.
"How delighted I am to see you, my
good Israel!" he said with manifest,
pleasure, as we pressed through the
busy crowd. "You will excuse me for
calling you Israel; in America you will
be Mister," he explained ironically.
"Oh/ she will be so pleased to see you!"
he repeated without mentioning \ her
name. "We are not far from «my
home; we live on- Ludloff- (Ludlow)
street."
"Here we are.", he said a few minutes
later, stopping 'before a dingy, five
story tenement house. "We 'live high
up^-on the fourth." ¦ . • •
He quickly thrust h|s merchandise
into his box and paid: "Come to my
house. She will be glad to see you."
I divined who "she" was.
"Do not trouble yourself on my* ac
count. I do not want you to lose to
day's profit," I urged.
I told him.
Then I heard a voice that made me
turn around and stare. "Women!
women! candles for shabbos! Six for
five cents — for shabbos!"
The candle-vender was a tall man
with a white beard, dressed in a
threadbare coat that had once been of
good quality, and a costly Russian fur
hat that betrayed long wear. From his
shoulder hung a box oy a strap.
"Women! candles for shabbos! Six for.
five cents — for shabbos!" he repeated
automatically.
I observed him closely. "Is it possi
ble—Mr. Takiff?" I asked myself in
credulously.
He seemed to feel scrutiny and raised
his eyes. His face was marred by deep
furrows of sorrow, and his eyes looked
melancholy: . ¦*
"Mr. Takiff?" I said.
He looked at me studiously. "Israel?"
he answered hesitatingly.
I nodded my head: I was over
whelmed with emotion. * . *
"Mr. Takiff?" I repeated. .
Call me not Naomi, call, me Mara;
for the Almighty has dealt very bitter
ly with me," he answered in the words
of Naomi, shaking my ,hand affection
ately. . . ?
\"How" long have youtbeeh here?".: he
questioned. '•"* .
.1 wandered about aimlessly for an
hour or more, and finally I reached the
corner of Hester and. Ludlow streets.
The scene made me pause.
There were thousands of people, and
everybody was selling something/ -The
sidewalks, or the planks that served as
sidewalks, were decayed; there might
have been a pavement years ago, but
now the thoroughfare was slushy, and
there was a sound like kneading dough
as the crowd jostled hither and- thither.
Home blessed and some cursed, "some
laughed and some cried, some shrieked
and some grunted — but all in a broth
erly and frank manner. What a varie
ty of voices! Small, piping, baby
voices; healthy, sweet, contralto
voices; •so-ur, quarreling voices; soft,
plaintive voices; harsh, guttural, dis
agreeable voices. What types of faces
and what, fashions of dress! Aged, de
crepit Jews with maps of Jerusalem
(at the time of the destruction) ~ on
their faces; fresh," blooming faces
marred only by merciless poverty and
suffering; worn-out women with wrin
kled and withered bodies;, and
young, women with lustrous black hair
and. sparkling eyes for which. Fifth
avenue ladies would have gladly ex
changed their Jewels. .
I looked at this curious and pathetic
scene. "This misery is the work of
cruel persecution,",! murmured'to my
self. Jewesses with shriveled faces
and dim, once-brilliant eyes, carrying
big baskets on their arms, passed me
and murmured mechanically in/ plain
Russian Yiddish and in pitiful' tones:
"Reb Yid (Mr. Jew), buy something.
Everything cheap, almost for nothing."
tions, but there was nobody to receive
me — nobody to send me a shout of wel
come. I was again alone, again a va
grant orphan without a friend in the
world. I thrust my hands into my
pockets— I • had only . six dollars and
thirty-two cents. . '
After a few minutes we.. began to
pour out of the steamer. Leaving the
barge office I stood in the street with
my knapsack in. my nand. "Where
shall I go?" I asked myself. I knew no
one in the new land; and my knowl
edge of English, though not very mea
ger, waSj not quite sufficient. to make
me feel at home. After short reflec
tion I decided to' repair to the 'Jewish
quarter. Jnstlr.ctively I sought the
poor Jewish settlement near the heart
of the city, in the-main business por
tion. ¦
just as good Jews here as we were at
home.* >• r
"Why, you /don't know anybody elsa
here in America," put in Mr. Takiff.
"Stay here over Shabbos, and Sunday
I will find you a lotlging."
This Ghetto life appeared very
strange .to me after I had been away
from it so long. I had come to dislike
it— at times I even detested it. Yet
now I found it pleasant; their friendly
talk, their cordial welcome, their sin
cere hospitality warmed my forlorn
heart.
Ab soon as I was strong enough to
walk about he house I began' io worry
about the future. The remembrance
of Katia was as sweet as ever to me,
but with the thought of her came the
thought of baptism, and that pros
trated my mind. My conscience and
"Yes, I awoke. Russia is my father
land no longer. I can't stay In this
country. I expect to leave Europe and
all Christian nations forever. The na
tions that teach love in the name of
the crucified Jew do not practice it.
They never practice it. The Crusaders,
the auto-da-fe, the Russian knout, the
German press— they are all pursuing
the same end in the name of Christian
brotherhood. I shall flee to my Uncle
Ishmael and seek protection under
him. . He does not preach much, and
this leaves him more time to practice."
"I do not understand you," I inter
rupted him. "Do you intend to* go to
Turkey?" . y£' %
"You have been 111 for the last few
months to you do not know what is
going on among us now. There is a
movement among the Jews to go back
and colonize Palestine. A great num
ber of Jewish students of Kieff and
Kharkoff have abandoned their studies
and will sail in a few weeks for Pales
tine. I subscribed to this league^ tod.
Enough of this European civilization!
Back to our ancient fatherland, where
our prophets saw 'celestial visions and
preached peace; where David poured
forth his heavenly psalms: where the
earth was once saturated with the
blood of the Maccabeans; where the
precious relics of our history are en
tombed. I shall be happy to put on
the Arab's robe and turban and' till
the ground of my ancestors. No more
dreaming— I have awakened at last"
Thus spoke Levinski, who had been
an ardent believer in assimilation two
months before. I could hardly believe
my ears; I thought I must be still de
lirious.
A vague recollection of the situation
in which I found the girl was now
coming back to me.
"How is the girl?" I asked after a
short pause.
"She stabbed herself in the abdomen
while being ravished, and she died from
the wound the next day," Levinski
said and sobbed again.
"After the riot broke out in Yellswet
grad, if j-ou remember that, a rumor
was circulated that a similar outbreak
was going to take place here on May
3. We sent a delegation to the Mayor
and asked him to station soldiers in
the most thickly populated Jewish
streets, but he bluntly replied: *I would
not trouble the soldiers for a pack of-
Jews.' However, the riot did not oc
cur on the day expected, but on the
next Sunday.
"I was a dreamer. We were all
dreamers who thought we had be
come citizens of Russia. Yes. we are
only stepchildren In every country,
after all, and we very seldom find a
kind-hearted stepmother to take care
of us. Always sneered at, scolded,
cursed, persecuted, beaten, whether we
commit a fault or achieve the heroic
To please the Christian nations we
ought to, as Fichte says, cut off our
Jewish heads and put on Christian
ones; and I scarcely believe even that
would be sufficient.
\"Yes, I was dreaming. But the
stones hurled at the windows of the
Jewish quarter, the burning roofs over
the heads of my brethren, the cry of
agony of the wretched* dwellers of
Libedski— these awaken me. The
dream Is over."
He spoke furiously; his eyes flashed
through their tears. '
san to clear up). I was invited to din
ner that day with our editor-in-chief,
and we were leisurely enjoying our
time over a cigar when the tumult of
the rioters reached us. Thu first thins
that occurred to my mind was the pos
sible danger of my uncle and his
daughter, who lived in Llbedski. He
kept a Jewelry store and lived above it.
"When I reached the place I found
everything destroyed and plundered,
and in the gutter in front of it I no
ticed you lying senseless and bleeding
(my memory now became clearer).
Fortunately, the Midlers and ofilcer::.'
who at first helped the mob to plunder
and rob, kept them back now. Dr.
Mandel. a friend of mine, came up with
an ambulance. 1 left you in his care
and went in search of my uncle and
his daughter. I found tne girl in an
unconscious condition in the hallway."
Levinski put his handkerchief to his
face, but his voice betrayed that there
w«»re xears in his eyes.
"You can imagine my feelings when
I looked at my cdusin thus violated.
Through the assistance of Dr. Mandel
the pained consciousness and began to
cry for ner father. This reminded me
of my uncle, and we went to search for
him. We looked througTi the house,
but he was not there. The furniture
was demolished and his uooks — for he
had a valuable library— were stolen
and some were torn leaf from leaf.
Finally we found him lying in the back
yard with a fractured skuII. He had
died long before we had arrived.
"I could see that the girl's condition
was critical. When she gained con
sciousness she told how her father
had met his fate. Learning that the
mob was plundering downstairs, they
locked themselves in a dark room on
the second floor, hoping to save their
lives. But after the mob had finished
their diabolical work downstairs they
broke into the rooms upstairs and at
tacked the door of the room where they
were hidden. It was forced open and
the girl assaulted. She and her father
were armed with knives, but what
could weak creatures like them do?"
Levinski paused here and openly
broke into tears.
"The ravagers succeeded in wresting
the poop«rlilld from her father's arms,
and violated her while she was wrest
ling with the rioters who held him
back. Then they flung him through
the window, and the girl succeeded in
rushing downstairs. But they caught
her in the hallway and attacked her
again." '
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
3THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CATX.
4
you were baptized long ago. May your
enemies bite off their tongues for utter
ing such calumnies!"
"And bow long have you been here?"
1 asked.
"About eight years. I have tried
everything, but I find button-holing
the best business for me. And why did
I leave home?" He shrugged his
shoulders, answering a question I had
in my mind. "The town burned down
a second time and left me without a
position. What could I do at home? I
sailed for America."
After he had urged me a number of
times to call at his house, or If I did
not care to honor him in that way, at
lrast to cnll at Saturday's service in
8hool, I promised to see him again, and
left him clicking at els machine.
Coming into the street I lifted my
eyes to read another sign. I had some
i experience now, and knew that not
I everything on the sign was true. How
f ever, noticing a placard in a window
that read, "Ten thousand hands
wanted," and realizing that 1 could
| supply two of these, I opened the door
I of the shop.
"Any work?" I asked.
Here again I found one man bent al
most double over a sewing-machine
and pushing a piece of skin under the
needle.
"No," he answered.
"Whrr— whrr— whrr— rrr." the ma
chine whired and hummed.
I pointed to the placard in the win-
Sdow.
He glanced at me scrutinizing me
from the crown of my head to the
narrow-pointed tips of my foreign
shoes, and laughed. "Oh. I see you're a
'greener.' Of course I want ten thou
sand hands to wear my gloves."
, I went to my lodging and stretched
myself upon my bed, lost in a sea of
despairing thoughts.
CHAPTER IV.
IN A "SWEAT SHOP."
I The same evening I had a long con
sultation with Mr. Takiff and Malke
(her husband being out for business
most of the time), and though the lat
ter strenuously objected and the form
er grumbled that the handicraft of a
V plain workman was altogether unbe-
I coming for me. I decided to learn shlrt
) making at Mr. Levando's. I realized
that at present I could not depend on
my knowledge of languages to make
a living.
Mr. Levando's shirt factory was on
the third floor of a rickety old frame
house among the tall tenements of
Suffolk street, in the heart of New
York's Jewry. The dingy building,
once red. but now the color of the gut
ters, stood prominent among the other
1 buildings by reason of its very hum
bleness. Under one of the windows
was nailed an unassuming square sign
bearing .the inscription: "D. Levando,
shirt manufacturer."
At sight of me Mr. Levando dropped
th» shirt on which he was working and
i came forward with a beam of welcome
I in his eyes. "Well!" he said with a
I sigh, "though it grieves me to see a
university graduate taking up a handi
craft. I'll be glad to teach you the trade
since you can do Tiothlng better."
The next day I started on my new
career. Daniel. Mr. Levando's young
est son, was my instructor. After a
few days' practice I was able to work
and talk at the same time. I found the
small company exceedingly pleasant.
Occasionally we would indulge In long
discussions. We talked philosophy,
poetry, religion, economics — of Russia
(with a pang at my heart), of her lit
erature, of her Jews, and of her inhu
manity.
Daniel Levando was of a quiet dispo
sition; he always looked sad and
dreamy. His eyes showed that he was
keenly critical, but the lower part of
his face told that he was easily moved
by emotions— by pity, sympathy, love.
Though his profile, his thoughtfulness.
and his peculiar sadness showed his
Hebrew lineage clearly enough, his
type was not purely Semitic.
Several months passed, full of ex
hausting work, but made almost
pleasant by agreeable companionship.
I had almost become accustomed to the
sweat shop and to work with my
hands, but I felt that the machine was
gradually undermining my constitu
tion. My cheeks faded, and I coughed
quite often, especially at night. I real
ized I ought to give up shirt-making,
but at the same time I felt it discreet
not to do so until I saw better pros
pects ahead.
Mr. Levando sold most of his product
to one firm, Mark Fetter & Co., promi
nent wholesale dealers in men's furn
ishing goods, and the tenement where
the Levando family worked and lived
xcas owned by the head of the firm,
Mark Fetter, a German Jew. This
firm was far from popular with the
Levandos. "I would rather go to a
pack of wild dogs than on these er
rands," Daniel would often confide to
me when his father sent him to deliver
shirts. And Daniel's opinion was the
opinion of his father and brother.
One warm afternoon in the early fall,
•when we were driving our machines at
full speed, Mr. Levando returned from
a call upon Mark Fetter & Co. in a
very happy frame of mind. "I have a
b!g order, and I hope we shall have
steady work all winter," he announced
joyfully as soon as he was in the shop.
"Were you at Fetter's?" asked his
eldest son.
Mr. Levando's happiness subsided
very suddenly. "Yes. He tried to
squeeze us again."
"Oh. that Mark Fetter!" muttered
Daniel. "I'd rather starve than take
work from that fellow."
"Daniel." replied the father softly,
••you know how much I love that
haughty fool with the glasses, but
\rhat can we do at present? He buys
most of our goods, and we must endure
him till we have worked ourselves up
a little, and then we can shake him off
entirely."
"Whrrr — •whirr — whrrr — rrr —
whzzz," went the machines, and we fell
to work again at full speed.
One of the girls, about 17 and very
pretty, began to sing a popular love
song. Several of us tried to Join in,
but she song so much better than any
of us that we stopped and let her carry
the song alone. It brought back to me
recollections that were sweetly painful,
and unconsciously I let my foot rest
quietly on the treadle. The singer,
however, worked on automatically as
she poured forth her soul in the song.
"Stop!" cried Mr. Levando suddenly.
The song broke off abruptly, and we
all looked up. A tall, solidly built man,
I with a hooked nose and piercing black
; eyes that glared behind glasses, stood
' by the door, like a tyrannical general
surveying an army. He was bandy
legged, with a crop of curly hair, bushy
black mustache, and narrow forehead.
He looked fiercely around him without
a stir, not even a bow to Mr. Levando.
"Good afternoon, Mr. Fetter." The'
"boss" btmed obsequiously, . but the
visitor did not respond by even so
much as a nod of Tils head.
"How many dozen shirts do you
make a day, Levando?" asked Mr. Fet
ter superciliously, his glance not upon
Ihe one he addressed, but wandering
abc-ut the room, scrutinizing every
thing and everybody in the small shop.
Mr. Levando answered humbly. Then
he added: "You buy most of them, and
the rest 1 sell to another house."
"You Russians want the earth with
the fence around it," Mr. Fetter said
harshly. "When one gives you one"
hair you want the whole beard — hey.
Pullack?" (The German Jews and
their American extraction call any co
religionist Pullack who was not fortu
nate enough to have been born in Ger
many.)
"I grave you the first $10 to buy ma
terial," he continued, "and pledged my
credit for your machinery and tools,
and rented you these roams for $22,
which are worth $25 at least, with the
clear understanding that you must not
sell your goods to any one else. 1 found
out the other day that you sell goods to
another firm at the same prices you do
to me." He spoke cruelly and moved
his fierce black eyes right and left.
"But Judge for yourself, sir," said
Mr. Levando in self-Justification. "We
made no agreement to this effect, and
how could I possibly make a decent
living for my family by depending
solely upon you? And your prices are
so low."
"Why, your boys make about $8 a
week, you told me, and your work is
worth about the same. Isn't that
enough for a livelihood?" Mr. Fetter
asked this with an air of astonishment,
as he might wonder at the income of
the Rothschilds not being enough for a
family's support. "Did you make more
in Russia or Poland, wherever the devil
you came from?"
"Oh, In Russia." sighed Mr. Levando,
as if that word wounded him — "in Rus
sia I had my own houses, and did not
have to pay $22 for five small rooms." .
"You Pullacks become actually wild
when you come over to- this country.
No wonder the Czar is driving you peo
ple out. You wish to grab everything
— everything. Have 5 r ou ever lived in a
house in the country where you came
from with such big windows as this—
hey? Here you want nice carpets and
nice stoves and perhaps a piano, too.
All your people are a lot of schnorrers
(beggars), one as bad as the other."
We all kept our faces down and" our
feet pressing the treadles softly— all
except Daniel, who had been cutting a
thickly folded pad of linen. He now
laid down his long: cutter's knife and
moved about restlessly, his face glow
ing with intense agitation.
"How much do you make a week?"
Mr. Fetter asked of our prlma donna,
who blushed and looked up at the
"boss." He gave her a wink, which
she evidently interpreted "higher
price," but as half a dollar was a big
sum to her. she answered: "Six dollars
and a half."
"You Pullack! Schnorrer!" Mr. Fet
ter shouted indignantly, as if he would
play philanthropist. "You only pay
$6 50 to such a big grown girl, and you
wish to become a millionaire and have
a piano in your house — hey?"
"But how can I pay more when the
prices I get for my goods are bo low?
Raise the prices on my shirts and HI
raise wages." Mr. Levando's face grew
red with subdued anger.
"A discount of four per cent will be
my terms for your goods henceforth.
Whouwill buy of you shabby Pullack,
and who will understand your broken
English and jabbering German?"
I noticed that Daniel's face burned
and that he quivered in every limb.
"But how can I live? The prices are
low enough as they are," the poor
"sweater" said Imploringly.
"Well," said Mr. Fetter in a slow,
staccato -like tone, "if you don't agree
I'll bundle you out with your cock
reaches, take away the machines, and
put in some other lousy Pull — "
"You dirty scoundrel! Get out of
here! and quick!" Daniel shouted,
jumping up, with his- cutter's knife
flashing in his trembling hand like a
sword. He looked fierce, almost wild —
like a young Italian bandit.
"Daniel!" cried his father in conster
nation. '
Mr. Fetter stepped toward the door
in alarm. "Keep that dog off," he or
dered "with a sneer. "
"Get out, or " shrieked the raging
youth.
"I'll teach you a lesson," Mr. Fetter
said fiercely between his teeth and
rushed out.
Perfect quiet reigned In the shop. No
one uttered a word. Mr. Levando re
mained standing, speechless, in the
middle of the room, his skull-cap push
ed back, exposing his high and broad
forehead, on which wrinkles appeared
and disappeared, and his shrewd, al
mond-shaped grayish-blue eyes filled
with tears. His eldest son.' being of a
very peaceful nature, looked a little an
gry with his younger brother for his
rashness, but there was at the same
time some satisfaction in his eyes. Fan
nie, our prima donna, stole admiring
glances through the corners of her eyes
at Daniel, and all of us regarded him
with a new respect in which there was
a little of fear. He sat down in his
chair and leaned his head on his bare
arm, the knife Btill clenched in his
hand, and his tears flowed profusely
upon the table littered with pieces of
linen and muslin.
CHAPTER V.
THE END 6*F THE SWEATSHOP.
The following morning. Just after we
had sat down to work, two men opened
the door and asked for David Levando.
Mr. Levando, who was stooping over
a large bundle of finished goodj which
he was preparing for delivery, Btralght
ened up, a trifle frightened, and asked
what was their wish. The younger of
the two men said he was a lawyer, and
that his companion was a constable,
and thereupon he produced a writ of
replevin. .Mr. Levando stared dazedly
at the two, and the rest of us sat be
wildered, with our feet motionless on
the treadles. Daniel was the first to
ask the attorney to explain what the
trouble was, to whose question the lat
ter explained very explicitly: "Mark
Fetter, who holds a chattel mortgage
on all of your belongings, replevins the
goods instead of commencing foreclo
sure proceedings."
"But, if you please," the poor mort
gager pleaded with the lawyer, "I only
owe Mr. Fetter $45 on this mortgage
and my machines and other goods are
well-nigh worth $1000." .
"Well, you will have the chance to
prove this in court," the attorney re
plied with a smile, as if to say:,:"I
know your tricks. ",¦ "I have got the
notes in my possession, and they show
an indebtedness of 5573, besides inter
est at S per cent for one year and three
months."
"But I have paid all tjiis but $45.
It was deducted from my bills when I
delivered goods »to him. The interest
was figured in the principal when he
loaned me the money." There were
tears in the eyes of the unfortunate
"sweater."
•'Well, you'll have your say in court',"
the attorney replied shortly. And turn-
Ing to the constable he said: "Call up
your men and begin to pack up."
The constable opened the door and
shouted down the stairs: "Oh, Bill!
Come up!" Two men immediately ap
peared.
"Youse , ladies and gentlemen will
have to get up,", the constable said,
turning to us operators.
All of us arose instantly; some of us
trembled, for the fear of legal author
ity generated by Russian tyranny and
oppression was still strong In those of
us who were not long from our native
land of barbarism. We stood huddled
together In a corner, full of pity and
sympathy for our poor employer, who
remained standing in the middle of the
room, with his skull cap on the back
of his head, his hands clasped in front
of him, and tears gathering in his al
mond-shaped eyes.
'"You may still have the goods," said
the lawyer phllanthropically, "if you
pay us the full amount of these notes,
and for" your sake I'll throw off half
the interest."
"But I only owe him $45!" Mr. Le
vando ' returned imploringly. "And
even those $45 § can't pay him to-day.
-We agreed. thai Mr. Fetter should de
duct this sum from the next five bills
of goods."
"Well, you'll tell your tale in court,"
the lawyer responded nonchalantly.
"Hurry up and get these things out,"
he said to the constable and his as
sistant.
While we were all watching them car
ry out Mr. Levando's machines — our
bread-winners— a policeman entered
and asked for Daniel. The officer read
to the trembling youth a warrant which
charged him with assault with intent
to kill. A sad smile played on the boy's
lips as the officer took him by the
arm and led him away.
Mr. Levando left all his belongings to
the mercy of the constable and follow
ed the officer and his son. And a short
while later the little sweatshop was
quiet — without a whirr of a machine,
without a click, without the sound of
a voice — quiet and empty!
CHAPTER VI.
I APPLY FOR AID AND GET SOME
THING ELSE.
In the afternoon I went to Mr. Le- ,
vando's home. He was utterly ex
hausted from running about to procure
the release of his son, whose bail had
been fixed at $1000. Those of his friends
who were willing to give ball had no
property, and those who had feared to
stake it. The family was a picture of
distress. Mrs. Levando lay on a couch,
moaning and crying: the oldest son sat
helplessly on the arm of a rocking
chair, with his head drooped and his
hands clasped around his knees, and
Mr. Taklff puffed at his pipe and cursed
the "golden land,", its people and its
laws.
"Blazes to this country with her Jus
tice!" he complained bitterly. "It's
worse than Russia "
"A thousand times worse," struck in
Mrs. Levando.
"Who ever heard," resumed Mr.
Taklff wrathfully, "that a boy of 17
years should be locked up under $1000
bail?"
Mrs. Levando groaned, "01, my dear
child— my Daniel, he will have to stay
in Jail overnight!'' and she burst anew
into a flood of tears.
"And he says America is a good
country." Mr. Taklff turned to his
brother-in-law, his eyes full of an
ger.
I slipped out of this house of sorrow
and walked along Canal street, think
ing how I could be of some assistance
to them. Mrst the idea of my helping
them seemed absurd, as I had only a
dollar and some cents in my possession.
Then a hopeful thought cleared the
gloom from my mind. "The Jews in
general have always been charitable."
. But to whom could I apply? I scarcely
knew any one. Of course I had heard
of Jewish philanthropists in New York,
but how could I reach those magnani
mous men? Then I thought of the
rabbis. Surely I could find some rabbi
who would help Mr. Levando, with a
recommendation at least, or Influence
Mark Fetter to drop his proceedings.
I had heard of Doctor Fuchs, who
was the rabbi of a gorgeous uptown
synagogue, and who was renowned for
his erudition. I determined to apply to*
him for assistance. If he won't help
he won't harm, I assured myself. On
looking up his address in the directory
I found he lived far uptown, and my
capital was so scanty that I could hard
ly afford to spend 10 cents for car fare.
I hesitated long before I decided to
take a Third-avenue elevated train. "If
I do hot find the rabbi it means 10
cents wasted," I reflected, and started
out on foot. I walked several squares
and stopped. "Nearly ninety squares."
I hesitated and again fumbled the
dime in my pocket, whirled it, fon
dled it, and unconsciously began climb
ing the stairs to the elevated station.
I found the houBe that I sought, but
its elegance frightened me. so I walked
past it to the next corner. Then I
plucked up cburage, and returning I
ascended the stoop and timidly pulled
the knob of the doorbell. I heard its
tinkling deep within the house, and an
echo, I thought, sounded deep within
me. I felt awkward, and stood before
the house like a tramp waiting for a
sandwich.
The door opened and a pretty German
servant girl (I could, not help thinking
of her beauty) stuck out her head and
glanced at me and asked me what I
wished. In much embarrassment I told
her that I wished to see Rev. Doctor
Fuchs. She showed me into the recep
tion room and disappeared with my
request.
' In a few minutes, which seemed dou
ble their number, a middle-aged, obese
woman of medium height, with a flat
nose, double chin and green eyes,
rustled into the room, panting as she
walked, her diamond earrings bobbing
and twinkling. She contracted her eye
lids, as if to get a better look at me,
In order to judge what reception to give
me. Evidently the impression was not
favorable, for her face assumed a sour
expression as" she said to me: "Doctor
Fuch iss taking his avternun nap from
onr> to two." . \
"I'll wait until the Doctor gets up,"
I said in a humble tone.
I waited and yawned and -waited. I
studied the color of the " carpet, the
wall paper, and counted the books in
the two cases. I noticed a paper lying
on a chair close to mine, and I picked
it up. At this movement on my part
the flat nose and green eyes were again
framed between the curtains.
Finally, after I had scrutinized every
thing about me, heavy steps reached
my ears.' I divined the coming of Rab
bi Fuchs. I cleared my throat, passed
my hand down over the buttons of my
waistcoat, passed my slim fingers
through my hair to arrange it in poetic
disarrangement, and awaited his arri
val. He appeared at the door and
measured me from the soles of my torn
shoes to the top of my untrimmed hair
in one glance from his, steady, cold
eyes. He was a little taller than his
wife and almost as fat, and his grayish
beard was closely trimmed. His nose
was aquiline, and purple at the end,
which I thought (mistakenly, perhaps)
resulted from a too zealous worship of
Bacchus. He wore a white tie and a
high waistcoat, which— so my fancy
struck me — gave him the full appear
ance of the Almighty's coachman. His
forehead was originally not high, but
it was heightened and broadened by
his partial baldness. %
I rose and bade him "good after
noon," to which he bowed perfunctorily. ,
He did not ask me to sit down, so I
told him my story standing, expiating
especially on the high position of the
Levandos in former days. He listened
as members of his congregation listen
to his sermons,' I thought; but he did
not.fall asleep. He stood with his hands
in his trousers pockets, unmoved by my
tale of woe as his congregation by his
lectures, I fancied. Several times I no
ticed a spasmodic shake of his head, as
if he wished to interrupt me, but he
waited without a word to the end of
my speech. This politeness, flashed
through ray mind, he had also learned
from his flock.
"Oh, yes, you Russians are ever dis
satisfied with work and look for some
thing easy," he said coldly. "Anarch
ism, socialism, nihilism, and all kinds
of isms — that's all you care about. I.
can't do anything for you. There are
Hebrew charity societies and hospitals
which do all they can for paupers and
Immigrants."
"But you must realize," I pleaded,
almost with tears in my eyes, "the
injustice of Mr. Fetter In trying to ruin
this noble family, that has worked in
a 'sweatshop' in order to make an hon
est living. I do not ask of you anything
but merely to go and see Mr. Fetter on
behalf of these unfortunate people, and
he will not be so hard upon them."
"I know you Russians," he said im
patiently. "Well, this you have for
your trouble," he added with a mean
ing smile, drawing half a .dollar from
his pocket and handing it to me.
At this I lost my control. I spat on
his outstretched hand and shrieked at
the highest pitch of my voice: "Hypo
crite! high-toned beggar! I ask no alma
of you, stone-hearted rabbi in Israel!"
He grew as white as the tie he wore
around his neck, and his. fat wife, who
had been watching us between the cur
tains, rushed to the front door and
cried: "Police! Police."
An officer answered the call with a
f promptness that ought to be recorded
in the history of the police department.
"Dis Russian anarchist vanted to
sjhoot my husband if he vouldn't give
him a t'ousand t'alers." Mrs. Fuchs ex
plained to the officer. Rabbi Fuchs
stood dumfounded and trembling.
"Come along — come along," said the
officer, giving me a few touches from
his club. "We have a good place for
anarchists who throw bombs." He laid
hold of my arm, gripped it tightly, and
led m«» out of the house.
. Some people- appeared on the neigh
boring stoops; servant girls stood in
the doors and windows, with their
aprons rolled around their clasped
hands, looking at the officer and his
prisoner. A driver Jumped off his
wagon, and leaving his horses standing
ing .the middle of the street eagerly in
quired: "What's the matter?" An in
creasing crowd of boys followed us ex
citedly as we walked toward the cor
ner.
The policeman telephoned for another
officer to take me to the station, and
while we waited for his arrival a large
crowd gathered around us, asking one
another: "What's the matter?" I
heard several voices answer: "An an
archist." "He was going to shoot Doc
tor Fuchs."
I heard all this as if in a dream. I
became so confused that I lost my
memory and did not know what had
happened. A cold drizzle began to fall.
I kept my eyes on the ground and wish
ed for some open grave below. One of
tho crowd shouted: "Look at his face!
Look at his eyes! He shot Rabbi
Fuchs!"
"Did I?" I asked myself. I did not
know then. Perhaps I had shot him.
In a comparatively short time an
other officer arrived and took me toHhe
station. The»desk sergeant asked my
name (which J. had given as Russ)
and inquired regarding my nationality.
They searched my pockets, in which
they found a dollar and a few cents.
Then I was locked up.
When I sat down on the bunk in my
dark room I realized' what had happen
ed to me that afternoon. My expecta
tions were gone, and now I was con
fined in a murky cell with a lot of crim
inals. Criminals, did I say? They were,
perhaps, Justas much criminals as I.
How I spent that night I leave to the
reader's imagination.
The next morning about 10 o'clock I
was taken to the police court and there
brought before the magistrate.
The prosecutor read a long list of ac
cusations against me in a voice like
the conductors' who call out streets,
and I could only catch, "What have
you got to say for yourself?"
"Not guilty," I stammered.
The officer who had arrested me was
called to the witness-stand and stated
all he knew, or rather all he did not
know.
The rabbi did not appear, so there
was no evidence against me.
However, the Judge dipped his pen
In the inkstand, and looking at me over
his spectacles, said: "Thirty days and
costs."
CHAPTER VII.
AN OLD FRIEND.
As soon as I was set free I repaired
to Mr. Levando's home, but found an
other family in their place. After some
inquiries I was I Informed that some
kind of a settlement had been effected
between Mr. Levando and Mr> Fetter,
and the former, in company with his
brother-in-law, had left ihe city. I
did not care to go back to my old
-boarding place, for I was utterly weary
of Shmunke, so I found new lodgings.
I was again without friends In the sor
did Ghetto.
My five weeks of Imprisonment had
left a deep impression upon me. I had
been getting thin while I worked at
the sweatshop, and now I began to spit
blood. I consulted ' a physician, who
admonished roe not to take up my old
trade again. But he encouraged me
and said there was no Immediate dan-
ger if I should take good care of my
self.
One night, after I had spent two- or
three hours in aimless wandering, I de
cided to go to a cafe on East Broadway
which I frequented and rest for a while
over a glass of tea. One could get here
a good glass of tea for 5 cents and read
Russian, German and English papers
to his heart's content, and here one
Was likely to meet at any time of the
day and before 2 o'clock in the morn
ing Russian Jewish students who fled
from gymnasiums and universities, and
some from Siberia, discussing social
ism, anarchism, philosophy, religion
and noetry. The restaurant was owned
by a Russian, who, while waiting on
customers, usually took part in all the
discussions, and could not determine
himself whether he was an anarchist,
socialist, pessimist, or philosopher. He
had been a student at Lodi. Poland,
and later had tilled the stony fields of
Palestine a few years.
Coming in now, I found the cafe well
filled.
Presently when I looked up my eyes
were caught immediately by a new
comer who had Just Joined the. group
of young men. His back was toward
me. but a glance at him was sufficient.
I hurriedly rose from my chair and
clapped my hand upon his shoulder.
"Ephralm!" I cried Joyously.
. He looked about, then sprang to his
feet. "Why, Israel! You in America?"
Without waiting for my reply, he ex
cused himself and we went off to his
room, talking volubly all the while.
"I thought you were digging gold for
the Czar," I remarked when we had
taken off our hats and settled into
comfortable chairs.
' "No, I knew better," he smiled, "and
thought Siberia would be too cold for
me."
! He coughed violently, and took off
his glasses, which he put carefully o-n
his desk.
I observed his face by the yellowish
light of the lamp that burned on the
desk, and a shudder passed through
me.' It was thin and haggard; his
long hair was neglected; his mus
tache was heavy and long, which made
his cheeks appear still more hollow.
But his eyes glittered with the same
oM flre.
"How did you escape? How did you
come here? What have you been doing
since?" I showered questions at him.
"I have not as many adventures to
tell of as you imagine," Ephraim said,
feigning to smile. "I was confined
about seven months in a dark and
filthy cell, in which big rats kept me
company and had occasional fights
over a crust of bread that the turnkey
had brought me. They claimed share
and share alike, and I never denied
them their rights.
He paused and his face resumed a
bitter expression.
"But I did come out after seven
months of brooding and reflection," he
resumed. "There was no strong evi
dence against me, so I was released.
As soon as I was set free I hastened to
Levinski. 'He left for Palestine/ his
housekeeper told me. I tried to find
friend after friend. 'In Palestine' or
'In America' were the answers I got
everywhere. I had hardly an acquaint
ance left in Kieff. I hardly knew what
to do. Weak from my long confine
ment, made friendless by Russian bar
barism, I grew despondent and thought
of suicide. I am ashamed of myself
now; but you must remember the con
dition I was in. I carried poison about
me for days, but finally I regained con
trol of myself and decided to come to
this country.
Later in the evening our talk turned
to religion, and I was surprised that he
hated reformed Judaism even more
than he hated orthodox Judaism In the
old days at Javolin and Kleff.
"So you are against reformed Juda
ism and you advocate the old belief,"
I casually remarked, laughing as I said
this.
He looked at me seriously for a mo
ment and his pale cheeks colored.
Lighting a cigarette, he puffed violent
ly in silence for a while. Then he fixed
his fiery eyes upon me and. while
spurts of smoke issued rapidly from
his mouth, he said: "Yes, I am against
American reformed Judaism as such.
I don't object to it as a separate
creed, or rather the aping of a creed;
but it is not religion — to be sure,' not
the religion of Judaism. Religion, and
Judaism in particular, is poetry — and
nothing but poetry. Or rather It is
poetry for one and science for another.
To the philosopher, searcher after
truth, it 1b dry science ad finem,
proved by algebraic formulas, and by
the process of elimination gives a big
zero. To mankind at large, in its pres
ent state of development, it is poetry
pure and simple — poetry which cannot,
must not be analyzed by a mathemati
cal process. Religion, no more than the
'Divine Comedy' or 'Paradise Lost.' can
be reduced to prosaic accuracy. For as
soon as we attempt to inquire into
their truth Dante and Milton become
maniacs."
He spoke bitterly, brilliantly, puff
ing at cigarette after cigarette and in
haling all the smoke, his hair tumbled,
his eyes darting fire, his body all
aquiver from intellectual passion. I
listened to him till 2 o'clock.
Friendless as I was, I was glad in
deed to meet Razovskl again. How
ever, he could offer me no aid, so I had
to continue my blind search for a job.
Bo my financial condition grew acute
and despair began to take hold of me.
-CHAPTER VIII.
ASSISTANCE COMES UNEX
; PECTEDLY.
It must have been a week later that*
starting out of my room to get my sup
per, I happened to recall a cheap Jew
ish restaurant that had recently been
opened in Hester street, and thither I
decided to go. In my better days I had
been accustomed to eating In restau
rants on East Broadway, but twenty
five cents was the price of a "regular
supper" in those eating-places, and
that sum I now regarded as extrava
gant.
This restaurant was in the basement
of a six-story tenement house, and
though a new establishment, it had
won a speedy reputation. Its cheap
ness was its best advertisement. I
stopped before a big sign with yellow
letters that read In Yiddish
"A regular dinner and supper, the best
and most relishable Jewish dishes, as
those in Poland, with a glass of beer and
two cigarettes, for 9 cents: with chicken,
10 cents. Strictly kosher."
I did not care for its being strictly
kosher, but it was strictly cheap, which
was enough to attract me. I looked
through the window, and finding' the
room well filled with shabby people- 1
hesitated to enter. But the "9 cents"
on the big sign was an inducement I
could not withstand, and I went in and
sat down at a small table intended for
two. • Wf ¦.•*.¦;
The customers came and went. I
paid little attention to any of them
till I noticed a man in a long, heavy
ulster covered with snow, his hat
drawn clown over his eyes.
slowly down the restaurant, keenly e> -
ing every customer. He was of me
dium height, with a pointed brown
beard, lively dancing eyes that beto<
kened shrewdness conceit and suspi
cion and a straight nose which pave
the owner a certain dignity of appear
ance. His eyes took me in while he
was yet several tables away. He
passed two or three vacant places and
stopped at my table. He took his bis
ulster off and hun* It on the back of
his chair, and then, without removing
his hat. sat down, rubbing his hands
and emitting a soft sigh.
"It's getting cold," he said to me in
Yiddish. , '. . ,
'•It is." I answered abruptly, for his
appearance had aroused my dislike and
I did not care to talk to him.
The waiter brought me the Borsch,
and I hungrily began on the sour soup.
My unwelcome tablem.ite first washed
hia hands, according to the orthodox
ritual. He recited aloud the appropri
ate benediction over the bread, and
took a big bite thereof, trying to draw
the attention of other people to* his
piety.
He talked about the condition of la
bor on the East Side for a while, then |
very deftly shifted the one-sided con
versation to religion: "The love for
Judaism, the religion their fathers
valued so preciously, is entirely extin
guished from the hearts of the younger
generation. The Russo-Jewish intelli
gent young men who fled— or. rather.
have been expelled — from the colleges
and- universities despise that old Juda- |
ism with its mystic ceremonies and ab- "
surd formalities. A pure monotheistic
belief, shrouded In a cloud of cere
monies and symbols, may be beautiful,
but It is by no means tenacious on the
human mind. It may be good philoso
phy, but it is poor religion. At least,
it is too remote for the average brain
to grasp. It Is belief in something of
which we have no conception at all.
Don't stare at me so wildly. I know
my people. I have lived and suffered
with them and for them and from
them. I once shared their hopes, their i
Ideas, their beliefs." '
He paused and looked at me steadily
for a few seconds. His last words were
enigmatic, being so contradictory to his
actions at first.
Then he resumed in a low tone:
"These Russian-Jewish students de
spise their ancestral belief; bjn to ac
cept the more liberal and more human
Christian religion In the land of ty
ranny would be degrading. The Jew
likes to do everything voluntarily, but
nothing under compulsion. He pos
sesses the true spirit of the poet and
the martyr. Coming over to this coun
try and finding most of their country
men in a deplorable condition, and on
the other hand the 'reform' Jews, who
are of the wealthier class, repelling
them, these young Russians have
drifted away from both. The former
would not assist them because they are
irreligious, and the later excuse them
selves because they claim thoae Rus
sians have too many ideas. Besides,
reformed Judaism cannot attract these
enlightened young men. That creed
has no life, no vitality, neither as a re
ligion nor as a philosophic theory; and
its professors adhere to it from sheer
fashion or perhaps because they fear
the aversion of their Christian neigh
bors, who dislike infidels. Some of
these young men, in fact, find some so
lace in socialism. What are anarch
ism and socialism if not the impulses
of ambition that fall short? Anarchism
Is no idea at all; It is merely the hatred
that springs up In the breast of a
stripped rival. When one loses in a
race he is more likely to find fault with
the winner for his own defeat than
with himself. Hence socialism and
anarchism.
"The only remedy for these Intelli
gent young men is to adopt a new
faith that will stream fresh blood, so
to speak, in their veins and resuscitate
them— I mean Christianity. They
would also get some help from Chris
tian philanthropists, and would con
tinue to lead the life they had dreamed
of in their native land."
He stopped talking and cut the meat
the waiter had set before him.
"You were innocently convicted sev
eral weeks ago," he went on. ""Who
was at fault but the haughty rabbi?
It was not because he hated you indi
vidually; he hated your nationality.
The wealthy American Jews are retali
ating on their own poor co-religionists
for the prejudice they suffer from the
gentiles. They look down upon you
Russians, with all your intelligence,
unsurpassed liberality and broadmind- ,
edness, and, if possible, ostracize you I
from their clubs and societies. But the I
American gentile has no such feeling. '
He would be willing to accept your
company and friendship. In short, my
friend, I can help you," he ended sig
nificantly, "and you will be able to
earn your livelihood easily and pursue
your studies besides if you like."
He now arose to leave, and finding
me silent said: "Think it over. My
name is Gavniack. I'll see you to-mor
row."
Saying this he threw a $10 bill upon
the table and hurried out of the res
taurant before I could stop him. I ran
after him to return his money, but he
was lost In the crowded street.
CHAPTER DC j
THE MISSIONARY AGAIN. (
Coming home the following day. I
found my landlady in tears. The
youngest girl was sick, and she had not
a cent with which to buy the pre
scribed medicine. I owed her a little
over $6. but she did not even hint for
it. However, I felt myself guilty of a
gross wrong; the little girl might die
for want of medicine, and I had the
money! I put my hand Into my pocket
and crumpled the $10 bill, hesitating
what to do. "It Is not mine," I argued
with myself; "how* can I give it
away?" "But the sick child might die."
another thought protested.
I quickly drew out the money and
handed it to the landlady, who was
looking at her poor child with tearful
eyes. "Here Is your $6 15. You will
bring me the change."
She wiped away her tears and looked
at me a trifle abashed, probably won
dering how I came by that fortune.
"God knows the truth, I did not mean
to press you," she apologized. "I know
that you would have paid me long ago
if you had only had it, but I was sim
ply giving vent to my bitter heart."
Then I worried again because I had
used the missionary's money. I began
to walk the floor of my room restlessly.
The walls, the celling, the very air of
the inclosure put a certain burden, so
to speak, upon my brain and nerves. I
wished I could shake off everything
from my mind. So I took a stroll
through the dingy streets. Razovski's
talk and the incident I had experienced
with the rabbi came back to my mindTHE SAN-'-, FRANCISCO. SUNDAY CALL.
5
like a past dream. "Judaism is de
clining; reform Judaism is a sham and
orthodoxy an absurdity; the Jews are
hated by all. and the Russian Jews are
prejudiced by the American and na
turalized German Jews. For shame! I
should beg of Jews to tolerate me.
Jews that entertain prejudice against
any of their brethren deserve no re
gard. no respect. I should rather
starve in the streets of the liberal me
tropolis than apply for aid to the vain,
vealthy merchant who would perhaps
Bxioff and sneer at the despised Russian
student before he would condescend to
, consider his tale of woe."
One cold December evening I visited
the nine-cent restaurant, as usual, and
waited there rather long-, with a hope
that the missionary might appear. And
suddenly he opened the door.
He rubbed his hands as he came up
i to rr.e. I resented his pious manner— I
1 resented his appearance; but I was
I starving and expected help from him.
' He shook my hand warmly and ex
plained that he had been out of town
i ever since he saw me last, trying to
) organize a Christian-Jewish mission in
a email town in Connecticut. He invited
me to go to a decent restaurant. I ac
cepted his invitation.
When we had finished the meal, dur
ing which he drank heavily of wine, he
Faid in Hebrew in his lowest possible
> tone, "Art thou for us or for our ad
versaries?" and smiled an insinuating
smile.
My answer stuck in my throat.
1 "I hope you have by this time appre-
I elated the truth of my statement." , he
7 said. He puffed out a thick volume ot
f smoke and looked straight at me with
his little eyes, that betrayed the effect
of the wine he had drunk.
. "Come, let us go to some place where
we can talk more freely," he said after
I had continued in my Filence for a
minute or two. "And where we can
pet gDod wine," he added. What did
Luther say?—
"Wer nlcht Debt Weln. \T<Hb. und Gesangr,
1 Der bleibt ein Xarr eein Leben lang.'
Ha! ha! ha! It takes a poet to say that
and a missionary to practice it. Ha:
ha! ha; Come — we'll have a chat."
) CHAPTER X.
A CHAT WITH THE MISSIONARY.
"We got on an elevated car at Grand
street and rode uptown. We alighted at
the Fifty-ninth street station and
walked several blocks to a fashionable
' apartment-house, in which he said he
lived. In the small corridor he pressed
one of a number of buttons, and some
body called throujrh the speaking tube.
"Open, Martha! " the missionary an
swered.
[ I heard a click, and he opened the
» door of the hall.
"One flight up." he said to me as he
ran up the stairs. He led me up the one
flight and knocked at a door. It was
opened by a tall, well-shaped woman,
vi ho smiled on Gavniack as we entered.
» It struck me that her smile was hardly
1 the smile of a wife.
n We went through a room which I
/ noted in passing was expensively fur
nished, and entered a room that was
i half-study, half-smoking-room. This,
) like the adjoining room, had been fur
nished at much expense. There was a
long black leather couch and two arm
chairs; on the wall hung a good pic
ture of the woman who had opened the
door for us. and opposite It hung a pic
ture of a beautiful little girl, who
looked like the miniature of the woman.
There was also a small, well-filled
bookcase and a couple of veil executed
places of marble.
He excused himself, but returned in
a few minutes. He drew the two arm
chairs close together and placed a small
round table between us. We had
scarcely seated ourselves when the
woman brought In some wine, oysters
and cigars and placed them on the ta
ble. She looked at me keenly as she put
the tray down, and a sudden warmth
passed over my face.
He did not introduce me to her, so I
concluded she was not his wife.
She was decidedly handsome, about 30
years old I judged, with full milky
cheeks, slightly tinged with crimson,
thick, Ught-brown hair and bluish
eyes with an experienced look in them.
Although I had always flattered myself
upon being a good physiognomist, I
could not at first tell her race or na
tionality. She looked like a charming
young Bauerin, full of rustic fascina
tion. However, after close observation
I discerned by her profile and medita
tive glance that she must have Jewish
blood in her veins.
She closed the door after her when
she left, and Gavnalck g'anced at me
through the corner of his eye — a little
suspiciously, I thought, though he
feigned to be looking at the picture op
posite him.
He filled both of our glasses and said:
"Drink. "Wine makes glad the heart of
man,* " quoting the psalm in the orig
inal. "The psalmist, like Luther, ap
preciated the mission of Bacchus —
hey?"
"Wine enters and secrets corce out,"
I thought, but I said nothing.
"l" could not do anything wito that
idealist, Razovski." he went oni "Our
profession needs young men liks him
and he Is worth his weight in gold.
But no inducement could bribe him.
(My heart throbbed with shame.* An
idealist Is the best tool for our p-ofes-
Bion, for those idealists general!/ run
from one extreme to the other! We
need new blood now. Our best patrons
are now losing faith in us and 1: this
keeps on much longer we may be flay
ed out. The Infidels on one Bide and
the poor on the other are llabfe to
wrest the food from our mouths, in
ancient times baptism was looked ipon
with unspeakable horror by the J;ws,
but of late it has become rather fash
ionable." He smiled a self-adulalng
grin. "Those Jews of greatest taent
and genius have tried to wash tlelr
birth off with the sacred water of t ne
font."
"Now, let us come to a clear unfljr
standing as to what I ask of you In
return for the assistance I offer." Se
assumed a business-like air. "I kniw
that you are well versed in Hebnw
literature and you are able to dig oit
some necessary information from tie
Talmud, KabbaJa, and so forth. B»
eides, your knowledge of the four prli
cipal European languages will be <f
some help to me. In short, all I as<
of you is a little elucidation on theo
logical topics. To be frank with you,
I have neither the time nor the requl-
Bite knowledge to^ investigate thes»
: subjects for myself. I have helped
1 many Russian students and they arc
t officiating In large Christian churches.
1 But I have no more use for them— none
whatever. But I got paid for them. al|
right." This last he said to himself.
He spoke In a cool, businesslike tone.
just as if he were hiring me to keep a
set of books. (
"I tell you," he proceeded, "there will
be a great future for you if you will
give up your notion of finishing your
medical course and become one of us.
Your information will bring you a for
tune. You have the equipment to make
a great success. Most of our mission
aries are ignoramuses, but the benevo
lent Christians don't know the differ
ence. They are bo glad to get a Jewish
convert who will proselyte among the
Jews that they trouble themselves very
little about his knowledge. Some of
the emigrants, however, have spoiled
our business horribly. It was discov
ered that some received baptismal fees
here in New York, sold their dead souls
in several Western cities and finally
returned to their old faith. That is
outrageous— they are ruining us!
"Well,* it is then agreed between us:
you will furnish us with some material
for our Jewish-Christian periodical. I
am one of the editorial staff. Your
work will consist in making abstracts
from Jewish books or papers. For in
stance, when a Jewish editor complains
of Jewish indifference toward their re
ligion, make an abstract of this article
and send.it to us. It maks spicy stuff
for our paper. We'll speak about this
some other time. As to your payment,
things will be 'fixed bo you can pursue
your study of medicine. I have a letter
of recommendation for you from Dr.
P to the dean of the Medi
cal College. ¦ It is early in the term and
you will be able to commence at once.
You agree?"
I dropped my eyes; shame almost
choked me. He laid down on the ta
ble the' letter of. recommendation, $25
and the address of a family with whom
I could get board; for he, certain of my
acceptance, had made all arrange
ments.
CHAPTER XI.
AN OLD FRIEND AGAIN.
A year glided by without any inci
dents worth putting on paper. I re
viewed my medical studies, and, by
hard work on my part and by con
siderable leniency on the part of the
college authorities, I was enabled to
enter the senior class the following au
tumn. That year marked a change
in me. Another resurrection, so to
speak — a new spring after my long,
dreary winter. My almost withered
end insipid brain regained fresh vigor.
I was filled with new hope, new
energy, and happy visions came be
fore me. I was alive once more. And
the thirst for study and reading as
sumed its power over me. • x '
During that year I came in contact
very little with the missionary Gav
niack, nor did I see Razovski. With
the former I generally corresponded,
enclosing my abstracts, and the latter
I was ashamed to meet. I felt guilty,
and a guilty conscience fears the look
of the innocent. When my conscience
rebuked me in the silence of night,
when sentiments of truth and Integrity
stirred within me, when tears washed
my cheeks because of the base hypo
critical means by which I was earning
my livelihood, I would try to excuse
myself by saying that there was noth
ing wrong in my work itself — there
would be no -wrong in merely trans
lating and making abstracts from the
Talmud, which was all I did.
As I have said, I saw but little of
Gavniack. y I had not met him for six
months, when one afternoon in the
spring, while I was out for a stroll, I
met him by chance on Fifth avenue,
accompanied by a tall, broad-shoul
dered, handsome young man. A
glance — and this young man and I
pounced on each other and began
shaking hands.
"Dolgoff!" I ejaculated.
"Ivan Petrowitch!" he cried, ad
dressing me by the name in the pass
port he had furnished me in Vilno.
Gavniack shrank back* a step or two.
It was evident he found no pleasure in
the discovery of friendship between
Dolgoff and me. "You seem to know
one another?" he said.
"We're old friends," replied Dolgoff
in his gay, resonant voice.
While we were exchanging news
about ourselves Gavniack interrupted
to remind his companion that if they
lingered any longer they would be late
at the meeting of missionaries which
•was to take place that afternoon.
Dolgoff excused himself, saying he
•would rather spend the time chatting
with me. Gavniack hesitated a min
ute or two, then bade us farewell, and
Dolgoff •and I went to my lodging.
He was a trifle changed, but was as
handsome as ever. He was now better
developed, with soft black hair and
black eyes of the Jewish type, and In
all his beaming countenance showed
the same contentment as in former
days. His smooth-shaven face had
that physical beauty which is rarely
seen in the face of poets or thinkers.
"So you have become a missionary?"
I eaid. referring to his present occu
pation. ."How did you come to that
Gavniack?"
"The same inducement that made
you take the step," he said; at which
I felt my blood ascending to my face.
"I was confined in prison about a year,
but I finally succeeded in escaping.
First I went to Holland, but I
could not find any work to suit
me. One was too hard, another
too easy, and bo forth. I was
soon helpless and starving. But
God has never forsaken me altogether."
He smiled. "I came in contact with a
missionary who began to fish for my
soul. It did not take me long to strike
a bargain with him, and I got the best
of it. For my soul was worth very lit
tle, and my body was the whole world
to me. I lived six months in luxury
and got some money to boot for my
worthless souL
"But I soon tired of Amsterdam and
went to Hamburg. I had a little expe
rience in the business, and thought I
could speculate with my soul again. I
had never before appreciated what a
valuable *oul I possessed." He puffed
out a volume of smoke and chuckled
with some satisfaction. "In that God
fearing city the price of my soul
trebled. I got several hundred for it
from my godfather, who had a big bel
ly and a small brain, and I also got
some money from the missionaries. It
never rains but It pours. A nice Chris
tian girl fell in love with my black eyes
and curly hair, and she was frank
enough to tell me so., I did not object.
Who would? A girl is a girl. She was
so Innocent, so girlish, that I pould
have taken her to the end of the world
had I chosen. She believed in me as in
the Savior. A short time afterward I
got tired of her love and kisses and
skipped to London, with the intention
• of taking up some honest trade. In
1 fact. I wished "to repent But the idling
missionary life had got its hold on me,
, and I changed my mind. Well, specu-
lation with my »oul is not bad, after
all, I thought. I soon found, another
customer for it. He was very religious
and charitable (the latter proved bene
ficial to me). At his home I met this
Gavniack. His name was Gordon then,
but I had known him by his former
names; he had many. I had known
him so well in the past that he thought
it wise to give me a friendly reception.
"One of his associates was a minister
of a rich congregation, a Jew by birth.
He was baptized at a very early age,
and, unlike other Jewish converts, he
was faithful to his adopted creed. He
loved the people of his race, and be
lieved that their only salvation would
come through- Christ. A Jewish con
vert to Christianity was a precious be
ing to him. Gavniack, with his flat
tery, won the confidence of that noble
minister, but that sly fox did not care
so much for the clergyman as for his
beautiful daughter, Martha,"
"Martha!" I interrupted, thinking of
the woman I had seen in Gavniack's
apartment a year before. .
He read my thought. "Yes; she's
with him here." A look of pain came
upon his face; and he was silent for a
minute.
He- paused and looked away from
me. After a minute he continued, his
voice somewhat husky: ;
"To be frank with you, Israel. I loved
Martha— even after she had disgraced
herself by running away with Gav
niack. I made up my mind to handle
him softly and find out about Martha
myself. A few months passed by, and
he was cunning enough to conceal her
whereabouts fom me. In the meantime
I thought it was foolish to refuse his
money. He is a clever missionary—
that we cannot deny. His 'face, his
low, musical voice, his shy look; his
humble demeanor — everything about
him shows qualifications for . his pro
fession. He is a genius in that field.
"Finally, however. I found her out.
He keeps her in-'a luxurious cage, and
she is afraid to fly away, though I
discovered that she hates him dread
fully. He brings everything to the
house, but he is careful not to give
her any money. She is his slave and
fears him. About three months after
she had left London she gave birth to
a child, and he got rid of it, I don't
know how. What a change there is
in that woman! She is about twenty
three years old, and she looks as if
she were thirty."
I could clearly see, from the expres
sion of his face and the tone of his
voice as he spoke of Martha, that he
was deeply moved.
"He certainly is a dastardly villain!"
I exclaimed, partly as an expression of
my loathing of Gavniack, partly as an
expression of my sympathy for Dol
goff.
"The devil's even blacker than I have
painted him," Dolgoff added somewhat
bitterly. "He was a Russian spy for a
while, and he has sent hundreds of
honorable people to Siberia. And I've
heard it rumored that he killed his own
father."
I started like one bitten by an asp.
I recalled what Dolgoff had said in
Kieff regarding my resemblance to
an old friend of his. A horrible sus
picion had flashed into my mind. I
dared not follow it farther. I quivered
with fear at this suggestive thought.
Fortunately, Dolgoff's face was turned
away, so he did not see how his words
had affected me; and when he left, a
few minutes later, he was so engrossed
with his own unhappy thoughts that
he evidently noticed nothing unusual
in my appearance.
CHAPTER XII.
THE WORLD IS QUITE SMALL.
AFTER ALL.
The evening. of the next day Gav
niack called upon me. His visit at
first surprised me, for he had not been
in my room for a year. However, I
soon divined from his desultory talk
that he had come to sound me, to
find out if Dolgoff had not spoken to
me regarding him. But I kept close
guard upon myself and evaded all his
dexterous questions.
He had risen to leave, "when he re
marked very casually: "By the by, I
met an old friend recently that I never
expected to see in this country. I hap
pened to speak of him to Dolgoff last
night, and he said you knew him,
too."
"Who is he?" I asked mechanically,
hardly having heard what he said, for
within I was a chaos of fear and sick
ening suspicion.
"I think you knew him in Kieff —
Bialnick's his name."
"What!" I cried. And suspicion and
fear for the time left me and I had
but one thought — Katia!
Gavniack's look was suddenly fast
ened upon me. "It seems you are very
much Interested in this aristocratic fu
gitive." •
I controlled myself with a great ef
fort. "I was very much Interested in
him before the massacre of the Jews
irl '81. He showed himself a great
friend of the Jews, and he supported
the Jewish emancipation movement
with all his might."
A peculiar smile played about Gav
niack's lips. "I knew him long before
that," he rejoined, and with an iron
ical chuckle he added: "He was no
friend of the Jews then — far from it."
"I think I'll look him up," I said,
assuming an air of indifference.
"Where's he living?"
Gavniack gave me Judge Bialnick's
address. He continued to chat for a
few minutes, but I had no interest in
his talk — my mind was with Katia. I
had almost forgotten his presence,
when I became aware that he had
picked up from the table the Hebrew
Bible mv mother had given me on her
death-bed.
"I see you are still a good Jew," he
said jovially.
"The book is an heirloom," I an
swered.
"H'm! The book does look rather
old." And bo saying he began to turn
the leaves to the first part of the book,
where our family history was written.
My heart began to beat violently — I
could feel it throb In my ears, in my
throat; my brain was whirling. I
turned and tottered to the window and
stood there, trembling, all in a daze.
I vaguely heard some words in a
strange, hoarse voice; I saw,- as if
through* a mist, a pair or ghastly eyes
staring in my direction; then the door
clicked. When I turned about he had
gone. -
CHAPTER XIII.
"THE VOICE OF MY BELOVED."
I spent a long, sleepless night. Strange
thoughts haunted my brain. As soon
as I would begin to think of Katia hor
rible incidents would crowd my mind.
"Perhaps it was Providence that sepa
rated me from the .daughter of my
father's slayer? Perhaps it was Prov
idence that put us asunder; because- 1
am a Jew and she a Christian?" I
brooded superstitiously. But instantly
my deep love for Katia filled me with
different thoughts. "What do the
terms Christian and Jew denote, after
all? I love nature; I love art; I love
humanity. What can any religion teach
me in addition to these principles?
Thus'I mused till the cheerful morn
ing sun dispersed the misty shroud that
hovered about me. I then put on my
best clothes and repaired to Judge Bial
nick, whose address Gavniack had
given me. I found it to be a fashion
able residence on Madison avenue.
I rang the bell and a servant ap
peared almost instantly.
"Is Judge Bialnick in?" I asked.
"Yes." Who shall I say wants to see
him?"
"A gentleman from Kieff," I replied
evasively. ¦
The servant' disappeared, and a mo
ment later returned and showed me
into a small library. In a large leather
arm chair sat a feeble-looking, white-
haired man, with a bloodless face. He
rose to greet me, but he evidently did
not, recognize me. As I came close to
him, however,, he stretched out both
his hands, and a flood of cheer seemed
» to spread over his pallid countenance.
"Russakoff!" he cried.
/"Where have you kept yourself?" I
asked when the first gathering was
over, anxious for some reference to
Katia. "I searched with torches
through every country in Europe and
could not find a trace of you." .
"We stayed in Switzerland and
France most of the time," he answered
in a very weak voice, 'but I finally de
cided to end my days in this great land
of freedom."
"And Katia?" I asked with a throb
bing; heart.
"What an old rascal I am to keep
you from Katia!" he exclaimed, smil
ing broadly. . '
He summoned a servant. "Tell
Katia a gentleman from Kieff is here."
Then turning to me, he said with
the joy of a child playing a prank
upon another: "You hide yourself be
hind that curtain. Let me break the
news to her."
I secreted myself as he desired be
hind a curtain that hung in the door
way connecting the library with an
other room and waited her coming
with my eyes at the curtain's edge.
Presently she appeared. She was
dressed all in black. As I gazed at
her through eyes blinded with warm
tears I thought she looked like a
Queen in exile. She was the same
Katia — a trifle thinner, a trifle paler,
but even more sweetly beautiful than
when fate swept us apart several
years before.
"A gentleman from Kieff was here a
while ago," the Judge said in answer
to her questioning* glance about the
room. "He will be back soon. Guess
who he is!"
She shook her head, and, smiling
sadly, answered: "How can I guess,
father? We had so many friends in
Kieff."
"The gentleman," the old man con
tinued playfully, "told me he had met
Dr. Russakoff — he is a doctor now."
I clenched the curtain feverishly.
. She started, trembled, and her color
began to come and go.
"A — what — a -" she quavered.
"Come, my soul.' He slipped his
arm about her and drew her down
upon the arm of his chair. "What
would you give if I should bring him
here — at once?" he asked softly, mov
ing his weak eyes in the direction of
my concealment. x »
Katia caught her father around the
neck, and leaned her face against his
cheek. "Oh, father, don't trifle with
me! Do you know anything?"
"Would it not be great," he con
tinued, "if, as in Arabian tales, I could
produce him here by the mere men
tioning of his name? Let me raise
my wand and "
I could not stand this fairy tale
nonsense longer, and throwing the
curtain aside, I strode to the middle
of the room.
"Katia!" I cried.
• She sprang to her feet and turned
a.bout. Judge Bailnick slipped out of
the room.
"Katia!" I cried again, the longing
of four years In my voice.
She opened her arms wide to me. "Is
rael! Oh, Israel!" she murmured, as I
clasped her to my breast.
, CHAPTER XIV.
THE END OF TWO LIVES.
The following few weeks Katia and
I were the happiest people In the world.
My college work was practically fin
ished, so I was free to be -.with her
morning, afternoon and evening, and
her presence made me forget all else.
During the period I had been away
from the tragic life of the East Side
I had begun to appreciate the spirit
of this country, and this appreciation
soon ripened to that love and admira
tion which surpass all native patriot
ism. I now cherished only one ideal —
to settle with my beloved Katia in a
purely American atmosphere. After a
great deal of discussion Detween our
selves and a . long consultation with
friends, we decided to locate in some
Southern town where there was promise
of my building up a lucrative practice.
And with this purpose in view I made
an extensive trip through the South
and discovered Just the place of our
desire.
On my return to New Tork I found
among the letters awaiting me the fol
lowing note in a nervous, scrawling
hand:
"Dear Doctor • Russakoff: I am sick
in bed at B Hospital. I am mis
erable, wretched, and suffer beyond en
durance. I am afraid this will be my
end. Come as soon as you get this
note. I must tell you something se
rious. . . GAVNIACK."
The letter was dated several days
before. I wondered what might have
happened to him since then, and with
out flrs,t going to see my beloved Katia
I hastened to B Hospital. There I
• was told that he had attempted to
.take his life, and before he recovered
from his illness he fell sick with ty
phoid fever complicated by pneu
monia, and that there was a slim
chance of his lasting through the
nisht.
I was ushered to a private room and
given a chair beside Gavniack's bed.
He lay stretched out on his back, his
mouth open, breathing heavily. The
low-burning light In the room added
grimness to the patient's emaciated
face and dark-bluish arteries on his
forehead. " .
There is such a close afflnitv between
human beings that, no matter how
much we hate one In good health, our
sympathies are aroused on finding him
on his death-bed. I had loathed this
man, but now, at sight of his slipping
Into eternity, I was moved to compas
sion.
He began to roll about restlessly
and to talk incoherently. Suddenly he
opened his eyes and fixed them glar
ingly upon me, and he gave utterance
to his raving in a flesh-creeping voice:
"Oh, Marthp.! Martha! Martha! look at
me — look— I did not murder your
father — did you not love me? — ah, that
Dolgoff— he told \you everything — car
ried you away— oh, Dolgoff — my money
— everything— but give me back—Mar
tha — look at her eyes, her milky
cheeks, her— Martha— Mar "
He raved and talked in frightful
tones that made me stir ' in my seat.
Then he broke off and his raving took
another turn: "I felt it all the time-^
the very image of mother — (some in
distinct babbling here). Don't. Israeli
don't marry her— there hangs our
father— look how he stares at us— those
eyes drive me crazy— I killed him—
Bialnick did it— Blalnick— oh, take that
cross away— ah, that cross, that — cross
—Israel— throw away that cross—fath
er is nailed to it— ah, that cross— that
cro — — "
His words became indistinct again,
then ceased. His breath was now com
ing with difficulty. I was damp with
sweat; my brain was whirling with
the tragedies of life.
Half an hour later he opened his eyes.
There was consciousness in ,them. A
tremor passed through his body and
¦with an effort he moved one emaciated
hand over the counterpane toward me.
"Isroelke," he murmured feebly.
. "Joseph," I answered, taking his
nand. My eyes began to overflow with
hot tears.
That was his only lucid moment. The
next instant his hand tightened con
vulsively upon mine and he began to
rave again.
"Don't you see fathr's face there —
nailed to the cross? The Christians
did it— they crucified father— they'll
crucify you— Blalnick did it— you'll not
marry her— I am a villain— I fooled
the whole world — everybody — every
body—but I am a Jew— you are a Jew
— once a Jew always — a Jew — don't
marry her " He struggled up on
one elbow, and stared wildly in front
of him. "Look— look— father— mother
—on the cross — Shma — Isroel— adenoi —
Elo— heinu— adenolchod-d-d- — "*
He fell back in my arms, gasping.
An hour later he lay motionless, quiet
— dead.
• • •
It was a little before daybreak when ,
I left the hospital. The scene I had
just witnessed stupefied my brain for a
while; then recollections of the remote
past began to come back to my mind
as I walked home, thinking and breath
ing deeply, with a vague hope of wak
ing and finding that I had only
dreamed. But I soon realized that I
had had no dream; my brother's cut
ting words still rang in my ears.
I opened my room quietly; I feared
my own- footsteps. A silvery glance of
the fading, vanishing moon fell upon
my desk. There lay the dog-eared
Bible. My thoughts again traveled to
my brother's delirious talk; I shud
dered at his suggestion. Gradually my
mind came back to Katia, and the aid
battle of creed and race and vengeance
raged in my breast. "Why did fate
bring us together?" I wondered why
I put myself this question. " Don't
marry her— don't marry her." My
brother's words passed through my
mind. "The blood of your father's
murderer runs in her veins," a weird
voice seemed to whisper. And In
stantly a new feeling was sprouting
within me. That feeling of affinity
which binds the Jew to his race, to his
creed when all other hopes forsake
him, was waking in my heart. "Once
a Jew always a Jew." My brother's
words again haunted me.
I arose and walked across the room.
All around was dead silence; only at
intervals the clattering of the elevated
trains was heard, and then silence
again. I felt weary, and the burden of
life weighed heavily upon me. In a
moment the structure of my happiness
seemed to be razed to the ground and
buried me under its debris. My heart
was embittered, wretched, crushed.
Then I noticed on the floor a letter
•which had evidently been thrust under
my door after I had left for the hospi
tal. I picked it up with a fretful heart.
It was a note from Katia. She said
that her father was Cymg, and asked
me to come as soon as I reached
town. And forgetting all else, I hur
ried to my beloved.
When I knocked at Judge Blalnick's
apartment Katia herself opened the
door. "Bosje moi! papa is dying!" she
cried, and fell Into my arms.
"What's the matter with him, dear
est?" I asked.
"His heart. It's been weak for years,
you know."
"Has he been sick long?"
"He was quite well last night. But
a man came in to see papa last night.
Papa knew him in Kieff. He left a
letter which he said a friend in a hos
pital had asked him to deliver and then
went away. I was not in the room
when papa read the letter, but when
I came in a little later he was uncon
scious In his chair. The letter was
from a man who says he's your
brother. Do you think that would
have affected him so?"
I shook my head. I saw clearly the
hand that struck this blow.
Katia led me Into the chamber where
her father lay struggling for life. The
attending physician rose to leave. As
he was going out he whispered to me:
"His minutes are numbered. I have
been staying here for her sake."
A glance at the aged patient con
vinced me of the truth of the physi
cian's statement. He was unconscious,
his long, thin, silvery hair was scat
tered over the pillows: his face was
•wan and calm and his breath came
fast and short. Katia fell on her knees
at his bedside, took one of his hands in
both hers and sobbed brokenly.
Shortly after daybreak the patient
opened his, eyes and turned them to
ward me. I leaned over the bed and
felt his pulse. His eyes opened, closed,
and opened again. Something like a
shudder passed over his wrinkled coun
tenance: his wrist trembled in my
hand. He glanced from me to Katia
and stirred as if he wished to rise and
utter something. A flush of scarlet
tinged his bloodless cheeks as he
glanced at me. He stirred again. His
arm trembled, his whole body quivered,
a gleam like that of sunshine lightened
his deadly looking eyes. With a sudden
effort, half rising, he clasped my hand
and placing it upon Katla's he gasped:
"Israel — forgive!" #
Our hands remained clasped together
long after he had drawn his last breath.
Katia, with her face down, did not
- »Hear, (3 Israel! God is our Lord-
God is one.
peem to realize that the end had come.
I sat motionless, fearing to arouse her.
Suddenly something like an electric
shock passed through my mind. It
only lasted a few seconds, but in that
brief space of time my whole life flit
ted through my mind. The tragedy of
the two lives that had passed away on
this night added color to my mystic
Imagination. The last words of my
brother rang clamorously In my ears;
the terrible episodes of my life stood
out vividly before my mind's eye; many
fragments of recollections came in a
common flood— the lives of Blalnick and
Joseph stood before me side by side
— and in them I saw the weak
ness, the mortality, the littleness
of man. The errors of these men
seemed to me like links of a great
chain — the endless chain- of faith, of
nature, of God. All history unrolled
itself before me, and it. too, was a part
of that great ch'ain. Then like a flash
of lightning a revelation flashed upon
me — the revelation of my people, the
revelation of my father and of his
fathe'r, and the revelation of my own
life.
' This revelation came to me almost as
a dream, as a vision; it Interpreted to
me the mystery of my people. Side by
side the life of the crucified and the life
of rfy race among nations and" the life
of my father and my own strange life —
in a vision they all presented them
selves before me. And this vision, this
revelation, showed me the symbolism
of my race, the symbolism of the
Christ. It showed me that the crucified
was the symbol of his people, as my
father was of his generation and as I
am of mine. It showed me that not the
Pilgrims, not the Crusaders, not the
followers of him whom they called Sa
vior — none but the fugitive race are the
eternal bearers of the cross.
The next instant, when this mystic
vision had vanished. I became con
scious of the clasp of Katla's hand, I
beheld her pure soul in the Innocent
look of her luminous eyes, and again
the past flashed through my mind with
lightning rapidity. But the past now
revealed to me a different symbol — the
symbolism of the. Innocent blood — the
symbolism of Katia's life and mine.
"Katia," I whispered softly, glancing
at the corpse before us, "let the dead
past bury the dead. We are the inno
cent blood."
She gazed at me meanlnglessly; she
knew nothing of the tragedy of her
father's life— she was Innocent.
CHAPTER XV.
THE LAST GLIMPSE.
Before turning over the last leaf of
my history I read over this narrative,
and I have been struck with its bro
kenness, its lack of order, its coinci
dences. At first I thought this was a
fault in my narrative, but after a little
scrutiny I know it is a fault in life:
for life is not a logical procession of
events, as novelists present it. It is
sometimes, broken, incoherent, and at
other times chance makes events fit,
coincide. In real life people come and
go; acquaintances meet and separate;
the friends of to-day are not seen to
morrow. In this record of my experi
ences friends have appeared only to
disappear. Such is life.
Peitiaps during their brief stay in
these pages my friends have aroused
enough interest to warrant at least a
few words concerning their after life.
My friends, like myself, fugitives
from the land of bondage, now enjoy
the liberty of our glorious country;
they, too. have thriven in the great
land of freedom. In place of the "sweat
shop" has arisen the prosperous cloth
ing factory of Levando & Son, who are
of the most prominent in one of the
Western States. The father's hair has
turned gray, but there is still the twin
kle of hopeful youth in his bluish eyes;
and even Gittele smiles when her hus
band sings the praises of the stars and
stripes. Daniel has become a well
known lawyer, and chiefly through
him Mark Fetter was forced into bank
ruptcy a few years ago. Dolgoff mar
ried Martha, and this change in his life
has developed a certain amount of sta
bility in his character; he is now at the
head of a branch of a life Insurance
company in Chicago. As for Ephraim
Razovski, If you are a reader of popu
lar magazines you have undoubtedly
noticed many articles and short stories
bearing his name— all characteristic of
his restless, fiery spirit. And Malke—
she is a happy mother In a large and
happy family, and her last child was
named Nathan, after her father, who
had died a year before.
Now for a few last words about my
self. Since my life has been united with
that of my beloved Katia nothing has
occurred to mar our happy existence.
I have been successful in my profes
sion, and also in gaining the respect
and friendship of my good American
neighbors. We live in harmony with
God and man. •
I still have my literary aspirations,
and still frequently scribble verses,
which my sweet Katia values as high
ly as those of Pushkin and of Lermon
toff. But she is a biased critic; and to
judge from public recognition my ef
forts have .been attended with only
meager success. S,
Not Infrequently, however, a bit of
cloud darkens the sky of my happi
ness. Recollections of the bitter past/
recur to my mind; the groans of my '
peonle from tyrannical Russia, from I
Morocco, from France, occasionally
reach my. ears. Then I suffer with the
down-trodden race as if I still lived
among them In some barricaded
Ghetto.
The other day my eldest son, whose
seventh birthday we soon hope to cele
brate, came crying Into the house be
cause the boy of a neighbor called him
Jew. Katia adjusted his cap and
said: "Hush, sweetheart. You must
not quarrel with Robert." "But he
calls me a Jew even if I don't quarrel
•with him," the innocent little martyr
Justified hlm3elf. ',
When the child was out of the room
Katia turned to me with a sorrowful
look. As our eyes met one common
thought flitted through our brains. I
bowed my head in pain. Pretending
not to be hurt by the injustice our boy
had suffered, she came u»p to me, and,
throwing her arm around me, whis
pered In a very low. consoling tone:
"Israel, what troubles you?"
I pressed her to ray breast, and
pushing back her luxuriant hair from
her forehead I Impressed a kiss upon
her brow and answered: '•The cross,
my love — the cross I bear weighs
heavily upon me." • ;<' -
She divined my thought, and with
tears gathering in her beautiful eyes
locked my neck in a tight embrace,
and putting her cheek against mine,
muttered: "Father, forgive them, for
they know not what they do."
(THE END)'THERE is a charm about Maeter
linck the essayist, as about Mae
terlinck the dramatist, which de
fies exact definition. It is the
spirit in his writings; yes. It Is also
an atmosphere, a fine literary delicacy
of thought and Imagery which breathes
from the pages of his works something
felt, not seen. There are some who find
in -the refined essence of the Belgian's
thought a trace of the "precleux," of
the finical even, In what seems to them
strained affectation. Perhaps they
may with some Justice hang this ob
jection upon some of the Intricacies of
Maeterlinck's plays, but In the sober
reading of his essays no such charge
can be advanced. "The Double Gar
den," the latest collection of the writ
er's vagrant leaves on philosophy and
the beauties ? of nature, must ; only
strengthen the faith of all devoted
Maeterlincklans— if that generic desig
nation may be tolerated— and surely
must add many to the fold of the faith
ful who find in. the Belgian an apostle
of the beautiful.
Maeterlinck Has
Many Happy Moods
Rarely Is it given tofthe reader of
many books the high pcvilege of tak
ing to his heart such a Iiweet story as
"My Li f l Angelo," by Anna Teaman
Condict. This is a tale /which wins by
its very simplicity. In recording the
manner in which th< sturdy little
"Dago chiid" won his /way into the
heart of: Mrs. Clocked and brought
sunshine to the wholejClockett house
hold the author has mingled hunvor
and pathos in Just / the restrained
measure . that delights without the
semblance of a striving after effect. As
we laugh with "An-Jeter" when he en
deavors -to wash the paby chick white
on the scrubbing board, so with Mrs.
Clockett. bending ov<p the little white
face of "An-Jeller" Dear to death, we
breathe' the trembling: prayer: "Al
mighty God. spare this thy little Dago
'child, and I'll try to be a better mother
— to my own children. Amen."
(D. Appleton & Col, New York; fron
tispiece; price Jl 25.J
- As was declared by a recent news ar
ticle In The Call, (the publication of
"Crozier's General J Armory," a blue
, book of American genealogy, has
caused a pretty stir among the pur
ple-blooded of the /exclusive set In the
East— by its omissions. Some of those
whose wealth Is measured bythe mil
lions are notable? by the absence of
their names. in this modern record of
heraldry and the hive of the haut ton
is consequently' buzzing merrily. <
The plan of the work resembles in the
main that of Burke's General Armory,
in England, except that the latter In
cludes only the; arms of persons of
British ancestry, whereas the American
work. Indeed this character
istic sets him off from the rest of his
school by the verjv Insistence of its
presence. Others who write for U3
such tales are in the main content
with letting down an historical drop
curtain, more or less accurately paint
ed, behind the set scene of their story,
there leaving it in immobile dignity as
an ever present indication that theirs
is what they claim for It— an historical
novel. Between this drop curtain of
allegorical import, and the characters
who %york the plot before it there is
absolutely no unity of connection; *he
story, in bo far. as it is a story alone,
might be set with a brick wall for
background and lose nothing.
Churchill's novels, bullded on histor
ical bases, are inextricably woven with
the -background of fact so that both
move toward the denouement as one.
The history is the story. In "Richard
Carvel" this was evidenced; "The
Crisis" abided by the same standard;
"The Crossing," Churchill's last ro
mance upon an epoch in American his
tory, accentuates this feature to a
greater degree than did the other two.
To abide by the facts of history closely,
to read into its significance all that
therein resides and from this to call
imagination into play for the rounding
and finishing of what Is in itself strik
ing romance — this Is to t>e rarely con
scientious In the production of the his
torical novel.
But right here let an exception to
the grand scheme of "The Crossing"
be .taken. There is too much of It.
In seeking to turn to the uses of fiction
the great elemental manifestations
born of a phenomenon of history that
had its action over the whole heart of
a continent the author has allowed his
faithfulness to history to carry him
beyond the bounds %t artistic propriety.
The great movement of the peoples
that resulted in the upbuilding of an
empire In the Mississippi Valley is a
theme large enough for a trilogy of
romances, but cannot be pressed into
the limits of one volume, even though
that volume be a large one, without a
sacrifice to the standards of story
writing. Had Churchill confined "The
Crossing" to the heroic epic of Ken
tucky's winning alone he would have
had material enough for the novel;
when he must needs 'add to this the
_ _ CHURCHILL, writer
11/ of historical novels, is above
\XJ all else conscientious in his
-. REMARKABLY powerful novel
#1 and one distinctive for its bold
jT\ excursion without the frontier of
f every-day fiction is Margaret
Horton Potter's "The Flame Gatherers."
From the very fact that it delves deep
ly ir.to the hidden depths of Oriental
mysticism and philosophic conjecture,
Misa Potter's storv clothes itself. with
the charm of novelty. Its strength
lies in the vivid portrayal of a story,
dramatic as it is "unhackneyed, and in
the living, glowi'ng picture of the riot
ous magnificence of Iha works of na
ture and of man in India. Such imag
ination as the author has called to her
aid in. recreating the life of the proud
Hindoo peoples of centuries gone and
In depicting the very essence of their
florid religious faiths places her in the
front rank of Imaginative writers of
the day. , ¦.¦H* _[¦'¦!
The underlying motif of Miss Pot
ter's story is the reincarnation of
souls— not a new theme in fiction, to
be sure, but treated in "The Flame
Gatherers" in an entirely untried fash
ion. In handling this delicate pfln
ciple, made all the more dangerous by
the pretensions and the mummery of
charlatanism In our day; the author
has approached her. task from the un
reserved standpoint of Hindoo • faith.
So well has she thrown herself Into
the mystic speculation of the Oriental
philosophies that the development of
her plot with its hinge on soul trans
ference seems to come as from an In
dian mind itself. There is nothing oc
cldentaj, nothing that seems to come
of forced endeavor after a new thought.
Reading "The Flame Gatherers" one is
.made to feel the reality of it all; at the
end of the book the question arises
naturally In the reader's mind : "Re
incarnation— well, why not?"
But this underlying current of 'the
story does not begin to be made mani
fest until the end is nearly reached.
The first half of the book is occupied
by a tale, complete in - itself— a tale
throbbing with' human passions and
flaming desires. Allowing her pen to
trace the reds and golds of ancient
Indian magnificence, the author llesl
tatesnot to paint also the ruby glow
of the love passion -aa it burns in the
land of aujck summer. "Flesh Fire
she calls the first book in her story
and' Hesh .fire it is throughout from
the time m hen- the young captive
Prince cf Asra Is brought to the palace
of the. Rajah until he and the beautiful
Ahalya expiate their sin in the dark
Fire ot Passion
and Deep Remorse
For his dereliction in this respect,
however, the author makes partial
amends by giving a vivid picture of
Death Valley, the volcanoes and the
rest of that fantastic land of horror in
the lower corner of our State. His" an
ecdotes concerning this region of stalk
ing death are grim enough. "The Mys
tic Mid-Region" gives a cursory view
of our desert region, but in nowise a
complete one.
(G. P. Putnam's Soni New York;
illustrated by photographs; price $2.)
isting in the great desert re
gions of Southern California, Arizona,
New Mexico and Nevada. This field, so
delightfully covered by Mrs. Austin's
"Land of Little Rain," Mr. Burdick ap
proaches with an eye more scientific
and less trained to. the hidden secrets
of the deserts, such as can come only
to one of. the loins' acquaintanceship
that is the California writer's. Lauda
ble though the attempt of Mr. Burdick
is, throughout his book it becomes
manifest that his information must
have been gathered hurriedly and In
the short space of one summer's trip,
lor upon many subjects, notably that
of the desert Indians, his book is no
ticeably lacking. To the Moqui tribe,
notable for their snake dance, he pays
not the honor of a mention; the Nava
joes, considered to be the most ad
vanced of all the Southwest native
tribes, are likewise slighted.
THE MYSTIC MID-KEGION."
by Arthur J. Burdick, has to
do with the exploitation of the
many marvels of nature ex-
Random Jottings
on Other Books
mystery .of the universe to feed upon
itself, to support Itself entirely upon
its qwn breatlT "To-day the universe
itself is beginins to penetrate into the
conception which we form of it. * * •
Until now we had been prosing with
the aid of our infirm logic on our idle
Investigation on the subject of the rid
dle; to-day issuing from our too inward
abode, we are trying to enter 'into re
lations with the riddle itself."
From ,.this the author ' makes the
deduction that, living in a universe
daily becoming more tangible, and con
sequently more broad, our morality
must of a surety, broaden 5 with the
horizon. "If our happiness," says he,
"depends upon our conception of the
universe, that is, in a great . measure,
because our morality depends upon it.
And our morality depends much less
upon the nature than upon the size of
the conception. We should be better,
nobler, more moral in the midst of a
universe proved to, be without morality,
but conceived on an Infinite scale; than
In a universe which attained the per
fection of the human Ideal, but which
appeared to us circumscribed and de
void of mystery."
Quite of the same spirit of daring op
timism Is the author's essay on* "Sin
cerity," wherein he takes the very
broad ground that are we but sincere
with ourselves in recognizing In our
own vices, faults and passions things
that constitute our primitive vital force
and are Instinctive -in us, we may take
the high vantage ground of an Interest
ed spectator of the workings of these
very human fallings.' This faculty, of
observation must in Itself coma only
after we have attained a' force of in
tellect sufficiently powerful; with the
possession of that rarefied degree of In
telligence we can control these' vagrant
creatures of our lower nature at will.
A rather fanciful conception Is] this of
Maeterlinck's and one not calculated
to receive ready reception at the hands
of our moralists.
In lighter vein Maeterlinck returns
from a score of magazines, should be
called "The Double Garden" is as dark
a mystery as the most erudite Brown
ing "interpreter could crave. Perhaps
the craze that. has overtaken the Eng
lish magazine world for naming publi
cations'by cabalistic signs, such as "T.
P.'s," has moved Maeterlinck to chris
ten his last volume with. a name whose
significance is known only to hhnsel*.
However that may be, and whether
this is a "Double Garden" or a- "Single
Grass Plot," the "sixteen essays, 'some
speculative, some quaintly scientific,
are " delightful reading.
The ' one richest ' in thought ; and
filled with the highest optimism for
us of the present moment Is that en
titled "The Leaf of Olive." It is r.- hlng
loss than the spiritual welfare of the
human race which Maeterlinck under
takes to instruct in the present essay.
What is the result for us of the human
family that in this enlightened age we
are enabled to read; the world through
the eyes of science rather than through
th» clouded glasses of philosophic and
religious speculation? If we have left
behind us a cycle of intense religious
enthusiasm and are .advancing Into an
age of coldly critical, skeptically inves
tigating materialism, is there taken
from us all morality, all spirituality?
Are we becc-me soulless mites resi
dent in space Incommensurable? No,
says Maeterlinck. We who cling not so
tenaciously to the spiritual have j to
support us now the constant presence
of the real, .made manifest, made tan
gible yearly by the strides of science.
The cults of philosophy, 1 of religion,
forced the mind in its conception of ths
infinitude of time and space .and the
THOMAS NELSON PAGE, who un
doubtedly knows the South as
thoroughly as any living man,
will write ip the July Scrlb
ner's on "The Disfranchlsement of
the Negro." which has been
brought about by the so-cailed
"grandfather clauses." Mr. Page
believes that "this dlsfranchisement :
was a measure of high necessity" and
that "it removes for the time being the
chief cause of bitterness, from which,
the negro is a greater sufferer than the
white." He also advances an argu
ment to prove that it would be a mis
take to reduce the representation of
the South in Congress by reason of
these amendments. Another feature of
July Scribner's, and one calculated to
be of particular interest to Calif ornl
ans, will be an article by "W. S. Har
wood unon the marvelous achievements
of "Wizard" Luther Burbank. the hor
ticulturist of Santa Rosa.
• John Bassett Moore contributes to
the July number of Harper's Magazine
a valuable article following up the sub
jects of his papers on American dl- •
plomacy, entitled "Freedom of the
Seas." It deals in a most interesting ¦
way with the troubles of the young
republic with the piratical Barbary
powers — the empire of Morocco and the
regencies of Tunis. Tripoli, and Algiers
— at a time when their corsairs were
roaming the high seas, taking tribute
from powerful nations and defying the*
world. And this, not very, much over .
a hundred years ago! Mr. Moore re
lates, among other «"-°nts, how tha
valiant Americans, with an Infant
navy, and with other international
complications pressing them, won their
struggle against the pirates. There are
nine capital short stories In the July
Harper's, besides Mrs. Humphry
"Ward's serial. They were written by
"Warwick Deeping. Alice Brown, Ge
lett Burgess, Elizabeth Jordan, Mar
garet Cameron, Emery Pottle, Rosin*
Hubley Emmet, May Harris and Se
well Ford, and vary from the medieval
romance through every degree of mod
ernity down to the latest kind of hu
morous story.
In its American Artl3ts* Series The
Century announces for its July issue a '
reproduction of Samuel Isham's "A
Fairy Tale." Sir. Isham Is a native of
New York and a graduate from Tale
College. He has studied widely, both
in this country and abroad, and has -
exhibited In both the "old" and "now"'
salons and in many exhibitions In this
country. He is an associate of the Na- •
tional Academy of Design and a mem
ber of the Society of American Artists,
and was. It will be remembered, a
. member . of the art Jury of the Pan-
American Exposition. "The Maxna
Charta of Japan," a happily timely -
topic, will be discussed in the July Cen- ¦
tury by Baron I%entaro Kaneko, one of
the four authors of the Japanese con
stitution. Baron Kaneko Is a Harvard
A. B. and doctor of laws. He Is a
member of Japan's House of Peers and '
was formerly Minister of State for
Agriculture and Commerce. He is !n •
America now as the envoy of the Jap
anese Emperor.
There are two complete novels, and
the first installment of a new serial In
the July Popular Magazine. The au
thors of this Interesting trio are Fran
cis Lynde, whose book, "The Grafters " "
Is attracting so much attention In this
Presidential year; Louis Joseph Vance
one of the most promising of the
younger set <Jt American authors, and .
Richard Marsh, an English writer of
note. # In addition there are numerous
short stories, embracing a variety of
subjects, and also seven little stories
of the stage by famous actors and ac
lO^en's (Street & Smit b. New ;Tork;
''William KeltI »" Is to be the next
f£££ tL-k S ! rieS nt appreciations by
George "Wharton James appearing in
pZP™T ?"*«?* ««» Francises
Paul Elder & Co.). to be followed by
John Muir," that in the June number
of the magazine being "Ina Coolbrlth,"
'JUT i™ C ?£ lb i th Was an interesting fli:
ure in the literary affairs of the earlv
Harte. Charles "Warren Stoddard and
Joaquin Miller, and this paper of fa m n
ture and "Nature's Place In Culture?"
Magazine Notes
July Monthlies
devious record of the separatist move
ment in the hew West, intrigue with
the Spaniards and the final Louisiana
purchase he misses by just the sum
<'f these additions unity and definite
ness of purpose in his story.
By far the rnost interesting part of
the tale — and it is all interesting if con
sidered by lengths and sections — is that
comprised in Book I, "The Borderland."
Here Churchill gives us the high he
roic measures of the primitive fight for
existence. David Ritchie, a remarkably
resourceful lad and possessed of more
than the family modicum of intelli
gence, is left to face the world upon
the death of his father, and soon as
sorts his independence by running
away from his wealthy relatives in
Charleston to join fortunes with the
westward moving wood rangers. With
Tom McChesney, a backwoodsman, and
his hale wife, Polly Ann, young David
crosses the gap and helps to set stakes
among the first comers in "the dark
and bloody ground." Churchill's narra
tive is here thrilling with action. George
Rogers Clark, the man who won the
Middle West for the struggling colo
nies, playc the leading role. Under him
Davy marches against Kaskaskia and
Vincennes, sees Hamilton, the British
"hair-buyer," driven out of the Ohio
Valley and the stemming tide of Indian
hordes turned back. If only the rest
of the book were as full of incident and
big with the significance of movement
as this eoitome of the winning of-Ken
tucky the whole would be truly a mon
umental achievement. But the subse
quent experiences of David Ritchie, the
young lawyer, at St. Louis and New
Orleans during the period of the Gen
eral Wilkinson treasons are colorless in
contrast. . "~
One feature of particular Interest in
"The Crossing" is the picture of George
Rogers Clark. As there have been at
tempts, both in history and fiction, to
rub the tarnish off the characters of
Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr, so
Churchill elevates this man, whose
later years were crowned with dis
grace, by the eulogy paid him in his
narrative. Extolling his achievements
in the crucial years of Kentucky's in
fancy and condoning his subsequent
lapses from grace on the score of a re
public's ingratitude and the treachery
of 'strong driiik, the author makes of
Clark a {jallanr figure, though a tragic
one.
As a postscript we might express the
wish that should Mr. Churchill contem
plate an epic of the "spread-eagle" pe
riod in our history— logically the next
to be exploited— he will produce the
same in a trilogy at least. It is certain
that he lacks not the power to do so.
It would be unfortunate were he to
produce another crowded novel like
"The Crossing." §
(The Macmillan Company, New York;
illustrated in color; price $1 SO.)
to his favorite subjects — the flowers,
the bees, dogs and their attributes of
intelligence and loving kindness. "The
Wrath of the Bee" dwells upon the
seeming anomalies in the social order
of the honey gatherers. ' "News' of
Spring," "Field Flowers," "Chrysan
themums"—these reflect the poetry in
the soui of the essayist. "Our Friend,
the Dog," is delightfully, humorous in
the peculiarly doggy essence given \ to
fts philosophy by -the author's view of
the world through ¦ the eyes of that
faithful beast— the "one animal alone,
among all that breathe3 upon -the earth,
who has succeeded in breaking through
the prophetic circle. In escaping from
itself to come bounding toward us, def
initely to cross the enormous: zone of
darkness, ice and silence that Isolates
each/ category of existence in nature's
unintelligible plan."
This volume must not be laid aside:
without a word of tribute to M. Tel
xera de Mattos, who has served as its
translator. ' Though one cannot but feel
that, like all translations ' from that
perfect language, the French, some of
the delicate shades of meaning are lost
in our heavier English words, it is to
the high credit of M. de Mattos thaj the
text he has given us is musical, smooth
flowing and bright with much of the
fine distinction of phraseology that the
original must possess.
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; price
$1 40.) , ,
A Crowded Novel
Is "The Crossing"
pests more truth than logic can prove.
"He who has drunk deep of this fairy
fountain can never wholly lose the in
toxication."
For finale he gives us chapters on the
immortality of the soul and the exist
ence of God. Each subject he touches
he makes doubly interesting by briefly
2nd brightly elucidating its principles
and then linking it in his chain of
reasoning on the alternate sex. So he
does these 'two last climacteric chap
ters, giving us his peculiar personal
reasons for faith, and his acceptance
of what his experience pointed out to
him as truth — he himself thinks he lias
listened with profit to the voice of that
subliminal, feminine soul within. "Be
lief in God," he tells us, "is in propor
tion to the wisdom of the recipient."
This, linked with our knowledge of
Iceland's life, reminds us of Lady Henry
Somerset's *«JJve as if God was and
thou shall know he is." "The soul,"
Leland says, "is perfected by its belief
in immortality."
When Leland writes of genius and
inspiration and the uses of cultivating
the habit of consciously using the al
ternate sex. he gives us to understand
that it is not in the sole sense of the
genius and imagination of the great, 1
but assumes that every human being
has something of both, and that he or
she might have far more of both by
developing the Power Within. "The end
of it all being that your Imagination
will be exalted and improved, and
greater union establishea between it
and your Judsmer.t."
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, New-
York; price $1.)
waters of the sacred river- Narmada.
The second book, "Soul Fire," follows —
a tragic epic of the soul torture en
dured by the* unfortunate whose spirit
Is the dual reincarnation of the two
sinful spirits liberated by Narmada
flood. All mental agony, all mortifica
tion of .the soul is this second book.
Oman, the mystic, the hermit, seeking
the light from Vishnu, from Buddha,
from out his own heart. on the moun
tain tpp-r-the tragedy of his striving is
a tremendous one. • •
Over all the story hangs the cloudy
veik v of the occult, the inexplicable —
true reflection of the transcendentalism
of the Indian philosophy. This at
mosphere, mysterious as it Is to us of
the West who have only stray wisps of
knowledge concerning: the hidden se
crets of Brahma, gives to "The Flame
Gatherers" a potent fascination.
(The Macmillan Company, New
York; price 51 50.) •
Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett" has "
returned to New York from North
Carolina. Her next story, "The Closed
Room," will be published in the August
McClure's. For it Jessie Wilcox Smith
has prepared the illustrations, with
which Mrs. Burnett, who has just seen
them, expresses herself as much _
pleased. In writing her approval she
says: "Miss Smith has conveyed ex
actly the impression I sought to give:
I love this little story, and the pictures
make it all as sweetly real as I dreamed
it in the writing."
Evolution of Climates," by
Marsden Manson. the local authority
upon climatology.* is a monograph re
printed from the American Geologist
and revised and amplified by the au
thor for general reading. The mono
graph has chiefly to do with the au
thor's theory to account for the gla-.
clal epochs and the change In the
source of the earth's heat that has
taken place since that geological period.
His hypothesis that the zonal climates
came as the result of a gradual as
sumption et the power of earth warm
ing b7 the sun after our planet had
Itself cooled to a low temperature. Is
well advanced and. to tne layman, for
tified with seemingly admissible .,
truths. These are things, though, for
scientists to decide, and are away over
the heads of we grubbers and earth
lings. :„• ,"
(Marsden Manson, San Francisco.)
Now, as for the foundation of fact
which he lays for his speculative su
perstructure, it is synoptically some
what thus: There is for every differing
physical form a corresponding men
tality, as we note th*e womanly form'
h&s the feminine mental characteris
tics to match, and so of the man. In
the variations more or less marked
from the distinct sexual types, as in
the woman who approaches man In her
physical appearance — tenser muscles
and rougher build and sterner face and
harder voice — we find along with it
more of the mind, the will, the tastes
and pursuits of a man. So if the man
Is phy6lcally divergent from full manly
type toward the feminine, his mind will
correspond to It- But there are In all
normal men and women certain physi
cal rudiments which belong, in their
full development, exclusively to the
other eex. These almoBt eeem evidenc
ing: a distant epicene ancestry. So the
most maaljr men and the most woman
ly women have mingled In their mental
make-up much of the characteristics
of the opposite sex.. : r.^Jj
Next Leland makes us consider the
now generally accepted working hy
pothesis that we have another self"
within us, sometimes called the sub
liminal, or subconscious self. In his
study of this Inner Me he finds that in
man it has all the peculiar character
istics which prove It undoubtedly femi
nine in Its nature; and from what
women have endeavored to explain to
.Mm he thinks their subliminal self is
masculine.
Having investigated the result of his
conviction of the truth of this theory.
he proceeds to point out the uses of
It. and the further use of all of us
knowing it so that we may consciously
enjoy and get good working results
from it. So there are chapters on dreams
and hypnotism, and imagination, and
entering into harmony, and mutual in
fluence, which are fine, not merely as
poetic fancy, but as ways and means of
jitilizirig our alternate sex. Over It all
plays the dancing light of genius' lais
eez ailer and abandon, natural to one
who has studied lovingly fairy lore arfd
poetic legend, the fitful light tfiat sug-
He assumes that the elusive mystery
which we have long vaguely known
and studied as the subliminal self, the
inner me, the hidden soul, uncon
scious cerebration, and the like, is the
alternate sex within us. In the case of
a man it is a woman mind and spirit
dwelling with him in the innermost
chambers of his soul, complementing
his masculine mind, helping him. In
spiring him, shy as a woodland nymph
:wh'o ' hides away in the wide-awake,
common sense working day, but comes
again in reverie, dream, vision, brown
study, abstraction when the wished-for
thought eludes his own mental compul
sion, and then ehe brings fairy-like
suggestions, whole books of old memo
ries with her spirit finger pointing to
the very place, basketfuls of flower
fancies out of which his organizing
lordship may build bouquets, the miss
ing links of long sought inventions,
fcnd, in fact, supplies all the gold dust
of thought and deed which he coins to
currency, and becomes to him, not ex
actly the genius and poetry, "but the
muse which inspires them." This Le
land idea must be a new phase of the
UwigAviebliche. and, if so, it is getting
the thing closer to the soul of us than
ever it was conceived of before.
The last words .from such a man,
written when he was close to death,
v.hen the tail was almost come to
pass beyond in*.* veil which makes the
mystery of human life, are given a po
tency by our imagination of that mys
tic passage and our presage that to
those who are prepared to die and will
ing to wait for the welcome of the
•well done, good and faithful servant."
the peornefis of the other world brings
wisdom closer, even though while
measuredly divinely true, it must to
earthly ear be uncertain and obscure —
clothed with the seeming which stands
to us. as the symbol of the surety be
yond our grasp. So of the theory
maintained in this posthumous work
we may well wonder if it is one v < f
those things which we can without
crank credulity believe, though in Ten-
Bjrcdolaa phrase we express it as
among the "truths which never can be
proved."
In hi* hypothesis of human mental
ity the author means by "alternate
sex" the female intellect in man and
the masculine mind in woman. An
Idea which- in a certain limited meas
ure is long known and generally act
knowledged. but the way in which Le
land works it out. and up. from prosy
biology and embryology and physiology
to the poesy of speculation where mat
ter has passed into the fineness we
name as soul, and the differentiated
complementing functions of sex, as
6cience knows them in physiology, evo
lute into the still differing and mutual
ly complementing sex-life and co-work
ing on the plane of mind and spirit —
this is unique because of the extreme
to which he carries it.
"written in a little, book oddly
a!!.U "The Alternate Sex," by
Charie* Godfrey Leland, who, after
writing a. hundred books and turn-
Ing "in much of other excellent
<-<>py. giving us the finest translation
o[ Heine in the language, doing much
for decorative art, enriching our store
of legendary lor<. and. adding to other
poetry, went It a 51 on<* better by mak
j::« his own Uf> a poem of blameless
beauty. lie jeft us last year when he
had lived out nine summers more than
his allowance of three score and ten;
and no doubt went away where it is
f.iher ¦ evrri than that Fairy Land of
: l>s»«n«i. and Poesie which in life he
loved so veil. .
' H\Z last words uttered to a pub
5 Uc* which has appreciatively lls
iencd for more than a half
century to the same voice are
"Alternate Sex"
Study in Natures
book goes farther, including the arms
of those -whose ancesters came from
.Continental Europe. The descriptions
'of the arms and the data, carefully
collated and verified, nave been insert
ed only when actual history has clear
ly shown the family to be entitled to
the distinction, and in no case has any
compensation, direct or Indirect, been
accepted for their publication.
(Fox. Duffleld & Co.. New York;
price $3.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Why this sheaf of essays, which have
been brought together for republishing
6
BOOKS AND THEIR MAKESpaws and singed whiskers while this
went on; but theyVbad had more than
enough fun \o atone for those acci
dents. One appreciated popcorn balls
so much more if one did all the pop
ping and had not yielded to the temp
tation of eating it up at the time. And
then the delicious sticks of peppermint
candy 1 All the baby rabbits were suck
ing a stick, and it tasted so good, for
it was a luxury they did not often
have. Best of all was the night, which
fell early in the great redwood forests
of California. It found all the rab
bits full of fun and ready for a good
time. All gathered together under the
trees and it was like one big family for
fun and frolic and good will. There
were games of leap frog among the
rabbit boys, and so much pleasure
seemed to be derived from it that even
the rabbit papas threw aside their dig
nity and paper collars and Joined in
the game. Indeed, it was a great temp
tation to the mammas also, but they
would not do such an undignified
The skyrockets looked like stars as
they shot up in the darkness higher
than the tops of the big redwood trees.
It seemed too bad the Fourth of July
could not last always, but of course
that could not be, tor there had to ba
a time for the other holidays, which
were equally as good if not so noisy
as the Fourth. After an address by
Mayor Jack Rabbit and soma selec
tions by the Bunnyville band the tired
throng of Bunnyville people scurried
back to their different homes, glad to
creep Into their warm beds and sleep.
But alas! they could not all sleep, for
so many of the children took tha
stomach ache from too much lemon
ade and popcorn and the phones wera
kept busy all night, calling up Dr.
Cottontail, who always prescribed a
liberal dose of hot catnip or "rabbit
nip," he called it. and that soothed
the pain. And the last to be seen of
the babies their mammas had them
wrapped snugly In layers of long gray
moss and were rocking and singlns t»
them the well known lullaby:
By, O. Baby Buntiry.
Daddy* ¦ gaaa a hunting
To set a little rabbit ikln
To wrap the Baby Bunttn* in.
And the firecrackers; Oh my!
what fun they were! There were soma
teeny, weeny ones for the babies, soma
middle sized ones for the other chil
dren and some big. big one3 for tha
frown-up rabbits, and the big ones
made such a, terrible noise that It
made the babies put their little furry
paws over their furry ears and squeal.
The mamma didn't like the big noisa
very much, either, because it scared
the babies, but the papas and boys
were delighted and the louder the
noise the better they liked it. It Is
true there were a good many singed
whiskers and tails, but they would
grow again, and anyway the mammas
and papas, could do the children's
smelling for them until their smellers
grew again.
thing, as it would be & bad example
to the daughters. But It was great
sport even to watch it. Many of the
gray- whiskered papaa Joined their sons
and scampered madly up to the tops
of the highest trees, throwing redwood
acorns down at the. merry crowd. Many
games were played by the children, the
sedate elders looking on the while.
There was '•hunt the handkerchief."
"hide and go seek," "puss wants a cor
ner" and others. A great deal of fun
was created by the snapping bonbons,
and the young rabbits were delighted
to find that they popped like firecrack
ers when pulled apart. Little Bob White
pulled so hard on one that it broka
and he fell back on the edge of the bon
fire and singed his tail. It hurt a little
bit. but, fortunately, there was a bush
of witch-hazel growing near and bis
mother chewed up some of the leaves
for a poultice and bound up tha burnt
tail with her handkerchief.
By Frank H. Sweet
AT THE
SNAKE ROCK MINE
But once outside she wondered if sho
had done the best she could. He was
down in the mine working fiercely with
his men at the almost pure vein which
the explosives had uncovered, and be
lieving that she would return with tha
new lease. Only ten more days, and ha
did not know it. What could she do?
Before she had gone a hundred yards
she knew, and Instead of keeping on
toward tiie stores, she hurried to tha
only printing office Bedrock contained.
An hour later tha town was conspicu
ously posted with: "Men wanted at tha
Snake-Rock mine for ten days. Wagea
$15 a day, pack mules $10."
Ordinary wages for good laborer*
was $1 or 15. Bosses and superintend
ents dld-not average Jla. In an hour
men were leaving regular Jobs of work
and ruthlessly breaking contracts.
When Joyce finished her shopping and
started for home she found straggler a
and groups with picks and . shovels
scattered along the trail for two miles
or more. But she reached the mouth of
the mine first and sent an imperative
summons for Temple to come to tha
surface. When he Joined her a half
hour later, twenty men were waiting:
for Jobs, with fifty hurrying up tha
slope.' and between the fifty and Bed
rock came half a thousand more.
. The regular force of the mine, was
less than a hundred men. but the next
morning a thousand names were en
the payroll, divided into day and
night shifts. A great stream of ora
rolled up out of the mine to the backs
of the pack mules and on the smelter
at Bedrock, whence 'came certifi
cates of credit with figures that would
have staggered a mine-owner of mod
erate Ideas. But Temple did not even
see them. He was down in tha mine,
working and watching day and night
to see that the great stream should
not slacken for even an Instant. '
Joyce insisted on a share in tha
work and remained at the mouth of
the mine with book and pencil, keep
ing a record of the stream as It flowed
past, and it waa she who took charge
of the credit slips as they came in.
So a week went by, eight days, nina
days, and the tenth was nearing- its
close when Temple. came up from tha
mine and staggered weakly to where
Joyce was standing with her book and
pencil. And behind Temple came the
half thousand men of the day shift.
slipping through the mouth of the
mine like the colls of a mighty ser
pent. The vein had again disappeared,
and four hour's of lease remained.
• When Temple looked over the credit
slips the weariness left his face.. "I
knew it would be something stu
pendous," he said to Joyce with a long
breath, "but nothing like this. We
will divide two hundred thousand of
It among the workmen— less than one
quarter—and then for the East."
(Copyright. 1904. by Frank H. Sweet.)
"As Temple has rediscovered tha
vein, richer than ever," finished Graw
coolly, "we propose to operate It our
selves. But you may ten him that if
he will turn the mine over to us at day
light to-morrow we will pay him back
one-half the year's lease — twenty-flva
thousand."
"Arid let him lose the other seventy
five thousand," flashed back Joyce.
"No, thank you. We will hold the mine
until the very last moment of th«
lease."
made a fortune out of the mins and
then when you lost the vein you
leased It to Mr. Temple through mis
representations. He paid you fifty
thousand, and has sunk more th»n
fifty thousand In searching for that
vein. Until day before yesterday,
from nearly a year's work, ha took,
out less than $1000. He told me that
you were up there yourselves only a
short time ago trying to induce him to
re-lease the mine for twenty-five thou
sand, believing it to be exhausted.
Now "
Joyce lost some of her color. What
little money, she and her aunt had waa
Invested In the mine, as well as Hugh
Temple's, and the lease ran out in ten
days..
"Well,", she said slowly.. "I am au
thorized, in case you should decline
to recognize your offer, to raise the
amount to what was pald^last year —
fifty thousand."
"Which we. must decline," said
Graw suavely, "with real regret, you
understand. And I will add that we
would decline a hundred thousand just
as promptly."
"You mean that you will not're
lease'the Snake' Rock mine on any
terms?" the girl's white lips asked.
"Exactly. We . expect to resume
operations there ourselves."
"I understand you have heard. And
I suppose you call this business. You
"That offer was made four weeks
ago," he said, "and Temple declined it."
; "You mean you will not renew It
for that?"
"Exactly."
"I wish to see you about the Snake-
Rock mine lease," Joyce began gra
ciously.
Gregg bowed, but not before the
visitor lmagin * she saw a swift
glance flash between the partners.
"I understand it expires in ten
days," said Gregg blandly. "You are
Miss Killian?"
"Yes. We — Mr. Temple wishes to
renew the lease on the terms you pro
posed."
"Visiting at Snake-Rock Camp with
your aunt," went on Gregg. "You see
we've all heard — or guessed. When— er
—is the Interesting event to come off,
if you don't mind?"
"If you are alluding to my mar
riage with Mr.' Temple, It has not yet
been announced," answered Joyce
coldly. "But about the lease. Will
you kindly make it out as soon as pos
sible? I have some shopping to do In
town, and It Is a long ride back to
camp. Mr. Temple will sign the pa
pers and return them at once. There
are only ten days and he wishes to
.have the matter arranged without de
lay."
"Why didn't he come down him
self?" demanded Graw bluntly.
"He Is very busy at the mine and
I convinced him that I could attend to
It Just as well," Joyce answered. "He
said It was to be made out at twenty
five thousand and — your own offer."
Graw laughed aloud.
When she left the canyon she struck
a more level country, and here the mus
tang was let out to its full speed. Bed
rock was still ten miles away, and she
must reach it and be back to the mine
before night. It was already well on
toward noon.
Bedrock was a one - street town
which commenced and ended In tents,
with a few unpair.ted frame buildings
in the center. It was an hour after
noon when Joyce slipped from her
horse in front of the office of Gregg
& Graw, mine brokers and operators.
Both of the proprietors were in, and
both rose at her entrance. Young
ladies of Joyce's type were not yet
common at Bedrock.
y-^OYCE KIL.LJAN was only two
I weeks from a select boarding
\ school in the East, where the
QJ young ladles were zealously
buarded from all contact with the
rough outside world. Yet this morn
ing she was tearing down Snake-Rock
Canyon upon a mustang, not three
months from a bronco, buster, with
gaudy, cumbersome horse trappings
that had been brought up from Mexico
more as a curiosity than for use.
But. there was no fear nor self
consclousness In her face, and instead
of trying to check the mustang her
hand went out from time to time to
stroke and pat its neck encouragingly,
as her voice urged it on.
was cam, bo tney were content to watt,
and;. put in the tlmV drinking red lem
onade,- colored . with thimble-berries,
and in eating ; a great many peanuts
which their fond parents had scratched
out of some one's peanut : patch ¦ in the
dark hours of the night when the Peo-.
pie , and , dogs V were . all' -V asleep.
They- had .taken .5 their . pumpkin
carriages arid / 'gopher .', coachmen
and; in this: way had been 'able
to^ carry home great quantities.
The owners of the peanut patches were
painfully surprised to find no peanuts
when ; they looked for them and- could
not imagine how any animal could get
away wun such quantities. They would
not have ; wondered so much if they
had, seen the big pumpkin carriages
and;* the numerous ' busy rabbit papas
and brothers hrd at work with teeth
and. claws. : Stealing is not wrong
when one is a rabbit, for there is really
no other, way to get anything:, aud
the \ Fourth of July would not be the
Fourth*- of * July -without peanuts and
red lemonade ..' and " popcorn balls. The
rabbits were | very fond of popcorn,
either raw "or popped, and could crack
it nicely with their sharp little teeth.
They had. great fun popping it, too, on
the camp fires at night, and many
had been, the rabbit giggles and burnt
want/ to ;the park, .where the Dana
played the rest \>f the day. 'There was
lots of fun) especially for, the children.
Every one had taken a nice lunch; and
sat under the trees to eat it; • "Oh, how
good everything tastes on the Fourth
of July!" i»aid Johnny. Easter, as he
nibbled on a red apple and cracked a'
peanut. The owner of the corner store
in .the . forest.: had almost grown rich
from the quantities of firecrackers he
had sold. K very child in Bunnyville
had been given some money, so no one
was unhappy. ¦ -
The older rabbits said It would be
better to keep the fireworks until it
dragon, because they could see It was
just made of a lot of big skins, and
they could plainly see sticking rout
from. beneath Its long sides the furry
feet'of the rabbits who carried itfand
whose bodies were beneath It.' So when
allthls was explained to the children
they were no longer afraid, but threw
lighted firecrackers and peanuts at it
and laughed loudly to see them disap
pear In its cavernous mouth.
After the parade was over they all
fT>,HE glorious Fourth came to the
I dear rabbits in Bunnyville Just
" ' • I " the same as Xn real people out In
' X lhe bi ° world * nd they enjoyed
their celebration of it perhaps
mnrc than even a child does.
•"Thtre is one good thing," remarked
Popa Hare the day before the Fourth,
¦•ifrpvpr eets too warn In the forest
of rJunr.yville. even in July, and we are
always cool, notwithstanding our fur
o'jat-5. chile the big: two-legged giants
called men af«? roastins with the heat.
"-. Vhtfe is always a breeze in the tops
-•of thtrte great redwood, trees, and when
it a little warm down on the
erourid we can. run up the tree and be
perfectly f-omfnrtable. I am glad I am
<- rabbit instead of a man."
there had been great prepara
'.tloes for the Fourth of July in Bunny
v;"'e. and all the r.imble-footed furry
. UttM inhabitants were ready to do
Jhv:r. iiart inr the celebration. Mr. and
-Mrs White had once heard their hu
tau friends telling: all about the Dec
laration of Independence, and how the
.American people celebrated it, so it
v.fcs to be carried out in Bunnyville as
'r.taflv Jike that as possible. The morn
•ing of the Fourth dawned bright and
.t-!ear. not too hot nor too cold, and
there was gTeat scurrying and purring
Wth the whole rabbit village.
• .Mamma, can I wear my new hat?
"•''an I wear my new dress? Can I wear
';my best shoes?" These and many
•other c'Jestions were asked bv the
" of the numerous families
Thev were just like real children in
'•/.r.ar.y ways, you see. and the rabbit
. niainmas would say like real mammas,
"No. my dear, you might set your hat
• rained with fire crackers." or some
¦ each rerjly. At last came the hour for
•«he sTvat carade. All the streets : of
Kurnyville arid the windows and doora
• oT the tree and bush- homes were
crowded and filled with eager pink and
Jbroa-Q (yes and cold, sniffy noses,
IJfbfle. little and bis paws, brown and
white and- of softest fur, were waving
• their handkerchiefs as they saw the
•ravade approaching. First of all were
the m.st prominent citizens of Bunny
vlile. headed by the mayor. They were
tin .pumpkin carriages drawn by squir
.re*s, with sophr-r coachmen, and in the
¦:front carriage sat Mayor Jack Rabbit.
He looked very Imposing:, with his long
*->*vs tied with red. white and blue rib
bons and a flower in his buttonhole.
Qreat r. £S the *houtirj; and clapping
• f har ; c« when his carriage passed, but
. those who wanted to make a noise had
•Mts of weed lrfide each hand, as the
fur nrevcrted them from being heard.
• "Hero comes the band!" screamed
.the children, Ftrainins their funny llt
*le pars to hear the sweet sounds pro
<eedir^ from the pumpkin-stem flutes '
a^.d tic tionets, the violins with long
•Cray mocs for strings and a piece of
cfrcstaUc- for a bow; the big drums
made o-jt of h u -3 ori5c b:i ij s and corneta
of Wnie crooke-i-necked gourds.
. It was a fine combination, and all
th« citizen* of BunnyvMe felt Justly
Moud of their local talent. As the
band Mayr d the "Star-spangled Ban
r.er" «nd -America.", all the crowd
joined In with their voices. To a hu
man heing it would only have sounded
like a multitude, of purrs, big and lit
tle; but then haman beings are so
dull, anyway. One must have the
£lftjr of a fairy and the heart of a child
to hear and understand these things.
And now the Belgian twins, the little
Hares. "Whites. Eastern, Bunny*, etc.,
ail bf-^an to cry and Bay:
.• "Oh. the big bogie man! Take him
away! I am afraid— the big devil will
eaj us xipl" And the mammas loving
ly assured them by saying: "Oh no*
¦He will not hurt you. That is only the
big Dragon- Hare., and he loves chil
dren. He can't help being so ugly. He :
don't mean any harm by it."
Herejt came, wriggling and squirm
ins and spitting firecrackers. Vol
umes of smoke and one explosion after
another came from its great eyes and
mouth. No wonder the dear little rab
bits were afraid. But the mammas and
papas knew it was not a "really"
THE SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY CALTl
7
THE FOURTH
OF JULY IN BUNNYVILLE
BY JESSIE JULIET KNOXno_textno_textTide and smooth, It your cheek b«
round, if you have a pretty eye, try to
bring out Its beauty with a patch.
Nor is tho patch a tiny one. It
There are purses made of Russian
embroidery and hand bags of the same.
from Central America. Then there is
the Indian bead purse. There are hand
some leather purses, with a Jewel set
in the front, and there are the leather
purses of Japan, all bright colored and
exquisitely carved, with a. chain at
tached, with a Jewel, which is carried
In the hand. .
own room is a great .fad. The board
ing-house keeper and the proprietor
do not like it, but what can the poor
girl do when ¦ there is no laundry
handy, or when prices are ruinous!
It is a fad to give a laundry party.
All the other boarders are invited in
your room while you slap out your One
, laces, wash your organdies and lawns
and do»a little lace handkerchief iron
ing on the looking-glass and window
pane. < There is many a dollar saved
this way, so it is a very useful fad.
The monogram fad is not new, but
, it is more the fad than ever. You can
get a .belt buckle which is made of
your monogram and nothing else. You
can put a big monogram on the back
of your gloves. You can stamp your
•bag: with a monogram. You can em
broider one on' your instep. You can
put a monogram upon the breast of
your shirt waist or upon your right
sleeve. And you > can monogram your
. sash I end and goodness knows what
not. It is a very pretty fad and one
that affords work for busy fingers all
summer, for the making of mono-'
grams there is no end.
' And, among the fads, there Is the
patch. Do you know how to make a
patch, and how to put it on and how
to wear it? It is the thing to cut it
out in fancy shape and wear it next to
one's best feature. If you have &
dimple by all means ¦ put the patch
next to It. If your chin be cleft then
let the patch adorn your chin to show
its, pretty curve. If your forehead be
Upon, the outside there are stubby lit
tle trees and Russian wolves and low
houses. There are square silk purses
and hand bags that are wonders In
handsome French brocade; and there
are bags of 1830, made from the attic.
It is a fad to have a great many of
them and to carry as many as possible,
one at a time, but changing often.
And the New York girl has other
fads, and one og these is very inex
pensive. It is the fad for laundry
work. Don't put out. your fine laun
dry if you want to follow this fad. Do
it yourself. . In one of her summer
trunks the girl of Gotham takes a
miniature laundry outfit. Everything
is dolls' size, but very useful Just the
same. .
There Is the tiny washboard. There
is the little bit of a washboard, no big
ger than a little girl would need for
her doll clothes. There Is'the little
box of fine starch and the salt to make
it smooth and glossy. There are the'
tiny clothespins and there is the -blu
ing and there the dyes. Fine washing
nowadays includes the J knowledge of
ecru tints, cream and blue and gray.. .
For ironing purposes the Gotham
girl takes with her a little charcoal
iron. You build a fire in it and it
stays hot all through the ironing. It
is the neatest, safest thing, that ever
was and the summer girl who owns
such an iron is quite independent of
gas and electricity, of stoves and un
certain heat. . ¦ »
Washing one'a own clothes Interne's
pleasant aroma, a highly scented at
mosphere, which will add a thousand
per cent to the delights of smoking.
The Gotham girl has one more fad
which might not be called Just the
thing. She burns Chinese incense
and sits in front of the long smolder-
Ing sticks — smoking! She takes long
whiffs of cigarette smoke and blows
the smoke in the air while the Chinese
sticks send forth their incense behind
her head.
She makes a lovely picture seated
thus and one that will not be forgot
ten. But is it right to smoke? Is It
right to burn incense and sit in front
of it as though you were" the daughter
of a mandarin? These are questions
to be pondered.
The girl of Gotham has plans laid
ahead for August. She is going to go
barefoot. Yet not quite barefoot, for
Fhe will wear sandals. If you want
to know how she will look Just get a
pair of child's sandals— the sort the
children of London wear in the sum
mer time. There are, if you will re
call, soles that are Ions and wide and
flat. Then comes a strip of leather
•which passes up between the toes.
There is a strap at the back, making
a sort of little harness, and there are
straps across the Instep. This makes
the sandal strong and complete. The
girl of Gotham wears this and goes
almost barefooted. It |s pretty and It
is healthful, and, now, since she does
not pinch her toes, it is becoming.
Making zandals is one of the Gotham
pirl's fads. She cuts them-' out o(
leather, has the straps- arranged at the
harness shop, and so is enabled to have
sandals of every kind and every color.
She needs nothing but the leather with
which to work. The rest she. can man
age for herself. She knows how to
make them.
There Is another fad. and this is a
pretty one. It costs real money, but
it is refined and esthetic. To have such
a fad one must either be rich or have
rich friends; for the fad Is nothing
less than the collecting of purses.
To gratify this fad one must have - a
purse from all over the world. There
Is a quaint purse, all gold threads,
And the way to do it is this: Take
a little nice perfume and pour it into
the palm of your hand. Select your
cigarette, roll it around in your hand
until the perfume is all soaked up and
the cigarette is dampened. Then lay
it aside to dry. As soon as the paper
Is crisp again light the cigarette and
smoke it. The result will be a very
Then the Gotham srlrl has a fad for
animals of the Jungle. She calls them
jungleheads. She never goes without
carrying one with her. She carries a
Junglthead upon the handle of her par
asol. And she has it arranged so that
Kh*« can unscrew it and screw another
one on in Its place. She owns half a
dozen of these heads, tigers, panthers,
•wild cats t and angora?, and she pos
sesses a wolf's head, a fox head and
the heaC of a wild boar. She never
stirs unless protected by one of these.
The more animals she can carry
about with h<*.* the better. This is
the opinion of the girl of Gotham. She
wears a silver head at her belt, the
head of an animal; ehe carries a
carved cat upon her parasol handle; in
her pocket there reposes a carved ivory
*lephant; at her throat there is a tiny
black dog; her shirt waist set is in
the shape of animal heads; and. upon
her bag. there is fastened a silver or
nament which resembles an animal of
Junsleland. Truly she does not move
about unprotected.
And the girl of Gotham has some
fads which are not quite so harmless,
torse naughty fads. And one of these
Is the fad of the scented cigarette. She
takes paper cigarettes and rolls them
in perfume until the paper is satur
ated.
The New York girl has another fad.
The loves skulls. She carries a tiny
<jne upon her watch fob "for luck" and
for ornament; and ehe hangs a skull of
j>apier mache. if she cannot get the
real article, over her dressing table.
Fhe arranges a row of skulls along the
walls of her library, innocent looking
tkulLs that make you think they are
:nsde of plaster of Paris; and she hangs
ii-tkull In her dining-room. It Is Just a
fad. ehe will tell you. But a very vig
orous on*» Just now.
The guests arrive. Each tells his or
her ihvme. Each writes it in the Llm
rrick book. And that makes the enter
tainment. It is a great fad in Gotham.
The funnier the Limericks the better.
Then the girl cf Gotham has other
tntertaininent fads. She gives a Lim
trick party? Do you k&n v what a
Uir.fciick party is? Invite a dozen
y/^ceta and tell them all to come pre
l.aied with a rhyme. Then get a blank
U«jk. Write -Limericks" on the out
tide. Ard on the flrst page Inscribe
jour own rhyme.
v. itching pair of French heeled slippers
tin! her hair is done low. in girlish
fiishlon, with a bow cf ribbon at the
i.ack.
The girl of Gotham has a fad for en
tertaining in new ways. Some of these
ways are rather unconventional. The
bachelor girl gives little dressing
tucque parties. Her guests come in
fchut waists and separate skirts, but
ih"s bachelor eirl wears a dressing
m-i.ut and silk petticoat. This sounds
uCO. But. reallj', the dressing Bacque is
a marvel In mils and is made of the
r.nttt lawn and needlework and the
i-iiic r*tticoat is a. wonderful thing in
i utilts and lace. It can cost anything
ljj to $50. Of course with the silk pet
ticoat the bachelor girl wears a be-
also, a hlg. fiat bean. It looks like a
horse chestnut, but Li flatter, and on
the outiide is carved her sism of the
zodiac Ta.ke vour month and carve
i«* eisrn uoon the outside of a horse
chested or a big flat bean and you
vi:l have a Hindoo Brahmin talisman.
The lucky penny is in every purse
end. now, there rouet be also a sap
pbfre. If It 1* not carried in the purse
it i* worn, for the — ipphire is the
lucky Etone of 1904. Don't be wltfc-out
a sapphire any longer. Get one and
never lay it aside. Wear it or carry
it all the time.
The g-irl of Gotham carries around
with her a email satchel. This con
tains her mascots. She has bo many
of ih*:n that they trill not all so in
her T.ixket, nor can tiiey all be strung
upon a chain. She must have a whole
satchel devoted to them and she packs
then away as 3he would pack her
v.'^rdrobe.
And here are some of her mascots:
She carries a Jur.jjle elephant. An
elephant is the lucky animal of certain
hot countries, and the Gotham girl i3
wjperstitiotis. She carrie3 always with
her a little carved white elephant, and
to him she oilers her prayers for a
lucky day.
Then, in the satchel, there goes.
DO you know th* nw fads of the
girl o! Gotham?
You are clever if you keep
track of them all and you ar*
dull if ycu do not admire them.
For. however si'Hy they may be. how
ever far-fetched and feminine, they
iire certainly Interesting, and many of
them are clever.
*T APPY that hostess who, on the
I A glorious Fourth, can boast a
I I porch, either in town, or
J country. If ever^ there is a
day when all the world and his
v ife wants to go a-eummcrlng it is
Independence day; and never are
pvests so easily pleased as then.
On her porch, therefore, the hostess
concentrates her energies and her pret
tiest thins*. From the front porch the
women folk will watch the men renew
th'lr youth in ball and tennis. In a
secluded corner of the same porch the
table should be set forth, and again at
right the guests will move to the front
nips to watch the fireworks. The
lioKtess may. therefore, feel safe In
despoiling her living room of Its easiest
chairs, softest cushions and prettiest
tea table, the latter for ' the punch
bowl and glasses.
Decorations of crepe paper,. paper
lanterns or bunting should be used on
the porch. At the favor counters of
the department stores a bewildering
variety of queer Chinese' balls, fans and
rings strung together for garnishing
porches can be purchased. These are
all made from folded papers and are
easy to carry to the summer home.
They come In the national colors, as
do the lanterns. Nor should the host
forget to have "Old Glory" run up on
a pole on the cupola or fluttering from
an upper window.
If the dinner table is set on the porch
screw a big hook in the ceiling directly
above the center, of \. the table.
Make this the center for streamers of
red, white and blue bunting or crepe
paper, which can be run out to the'
four corners of the ceiling overhead or
draped to hang above the table like a
canopy. For the center piece on the
table : use a cut glass dish filled with '
popples, bachelor buttons or larkspur
and daisies; or marguerites, which will
give the 'national colors in bloom, r
'A Western ; hostess ' evolved the idea,
of a centerpiece made from as many
eilken flags as she had guests. These
were stuck into a mound of soft moss
and connected by red, white and blue
ribbons with the plates.* Surrounding
this mound of flags was a circle of thir- '
teen guns, tiny, brass cannon, each
holding a small firecracker, the small
est size she could get. When the guests
were seated the hostess touched off the
firecrackers with a lighted taper, and
the meal opened with a salute of thir
teen guns, to the flag. When the meal
was over each ribbon. was pulled by a
guest, who drew out a silk flag as a
souvenir.
If, the hostess is a city woman 'she
need not despair. If she has a balcony
overlooking the back yard — and ttie
decoration of the back yard is a mat
ter-of pride with most women who
stay in town during the hot weather
she can serve the dinner or supper to
half a dozen guests or more by using
small tables. If the porch is not avail
able, then she. makes her dining-room
as light and airy as possible and serves
her dinner early, before lights are nec
essary. A music box sending forth pa
triotic airs is a pleasant accompani
ment.
A heavy dinner menu is not appro
priate for the evening meal on this hol
iday, when all the world grows young
again.' Something 'on the line of an
old-fashioned six o'clock tea or supper
tastes infinitely better to jaded city ap
petites or healthy country ones..
Here is an excellent -menu for a six
o'clock supper on the glorious Fourth,
and it gives the touch of color which is
quite essential to service on that day:
Raspberry Cocktail.
Creamed Fish in Forget-Me-Not
Ramekin Cases. " ..
Olives in an Ice Tub.
Broiled Chicken. . Creamed Potatoes.
Cherrv Salad. . . Crackers.
, Frozen Strawberries with Whipped
is*S;. ¦--¦¦' ¦'.•.•'¦" Cream.
t Angel's Food. s Coffee.
Raspberry cocktail calls for dead
ripe fruit. A dozen berries; are washed
and heaped in a glass, with the Juice
of an • orange poured .* over them and
allowed. to stand for a while. Then, at
serving time, a heaping teaspoonful
of powdered sugar and a tablespoon
ful of finely chopped Ice Is added,
giving a fine appetizer for. hot weather.
The forget-me-not ramekin cases
are of paper in delicate. blue, with arti
ficial flowers outlining : the edge.
The ice tub is; formed by melting a
small cake of ; ice 'into the "desired
shape by the application of cloths
dipped into hot water, or a warm Iron
wrapped round with a clean cloth.. The
object is to get a crystal tub. hollow
in the center, to hold olives. It is set
in a nest of fern, leaves.
Cherry salad consists of rich ox
heart cherries, stoned and served on
lettuce leaves, with delicate French
dressing.
When the hostess has a house party
on her hands, whose members do not
incline Joward athletic sports, it is
well -to have some game or guessing
contest to suggest when • Interest , In
fireworks wanes, . especially if the af
ternoon is passed on a shaded porch.
Here are two games which will test
the patriotic knowledge of the average
gathering and find it sadly wanting.
The hostess prepares typewritten
copies of the preamble to the Declara
tion of Independence, omitting ¦ every
fourth word, and the guests are asked
to fill In the blanks with the correct
words. : This is the way the test is ar
ranged:
"Whenin the —^ of human
events — becomes necessary far ¦
people to dissolve political
bonds which • connected them
with ' and to assume ¦
the powers of earth the separate
equal station to the
laws of and of Nature's
entitles thftn, a respect to the
of mankind requires
they should declare — - — causes which
impel to the separation.
"— — hold these truths - r — be self
evident, that men are created
, that they are — — by their
Creator certain Inalienable
rights, among these are ,
liberty and the of happiness.
That secure these rights, —
are instituted among — , deriving
their just from the consent
the governed. That any form
of becomes destructive of
ends. It Is right, of the — —to
alter or abolish it and Insti
tute new. government Its founda
tion on — — -principles and organizing
— — powers in such as to them
seem most likely effect their
safety ——happiness."
¦ The nams of the author of the
declaration must also be supplied and
there could be no mere appropriate
prize than a rood photograph of
Thomas Jefferson, daintily framed.
This goes to the guest who . comes
nearest to filling: out all the blanks. '• '
™ A !^ her , c ° nte3t wWch will create
no end of fun and rivalry requires
lr^f£ f ? l arffe fla *' field cov!
UZn X?« a l n ? |U 5 cloth to hide the
stars. This i 3 fastened on the wall
and each guest is supplied with thir
teen paper stars and as many pins or
thumb tacks. The company is then
ihTrt^V^ tu r ns at Plnnln* the
thirteen stars in the order in which
United States. Not one Derson in a
hundred knows the correct arrange
ment-of the original thirteen stars.
The prize for this contest mlirht be %
small picture of Betsy Ross displaying
her handiwork on the first flag to thf
committee appointed to view her de
sign. This picture comes in a small
color reproduction, as well as in bhiclc
and white inexpensively frtrnedfand
makes a oleasant souvenir of the na
tional holiday. » • °*^
HINTS FOR HOSTESSES ON THE GLORIOUS FOURTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY. CALL.
cut out of black court pUster. And
It la planted in Just the right spot. It
is diamond shaped or it is circular. It
is'cut in animal form, or cut in iom«
other shape, odd and attractive. And
it is placed exactly upon the right
spot. That is the way to-wear a patch.
The Gotham girl has a fad for mix
in* drinks this summer. This may
not be as harmful as it sounds. Many
of her drinks ar« made of fruit Juices,
cunningly mjngled in 'a vegetarian
manner, and there is nothing of an
alcoholic nature In them. If she we a,
wise girl— and the girls of Gotham are
wise — she learns how to mix drinks
both ways and . you can take your
choice "by the asking. There are al
ways new drinks, and one of them Is
served with a .tiny ladle from the
depths of the shell of a grape fruit
which acts as a bunch bowl.
Serving things In their natural shells
is one of her fads.. Squash is boiled
and mashed, seasoned and beaten
light, and then is heaped into a great
hollowed out squash shell. Potatoes
are scooped out of their covers, are
seasoned and piled back, and are sent
to the table again as baked potatoes.
Fish is served In baked potato skins.
And there are delicious little salads
which are served in apples the middle
of which is scooped out.
All sorts of fruit are cut up and
served in grape-fruit skins; and now
there come the muskmelons filled
with ice cream, and the watermelons
with their scooped out insides refilled
with sweetened fruit. It is to be a
season of mother nature, says the fad
dish girl of Gotham.
If these were all the fads of the New
York girl it would be enough. But
they are not. She has fads galore.
Fads without number, fads unceasing,
fads present and fads to come.
She has a fad for wearing a shirt
waist without a collar and she loves
to turn in the neck of her shirt waist.
This Is when she golfs. She goes with
out a hat and she rolls up her sleeves.
This gives an even- coat of tan and*
makes her strong. It Is ene of her pet
fads. ; • .
And there are others. But these arc
surely enough for the girls of this town
to know, enough to keep them bU3y for
a long time to come — if they are out
fad hunting.
10
NEW FADS OF THE
NEW YORK GIRLwhich had been housed to come ¦within
the law. The Helen was little better,
while, the Challenger Is a racer and the
Corinthian a\ freak. The Truant will
pass aiuster, the Presto has been en-
Benlcia. He turned out the Gadder
and the Villain. In tryouts both of
these yachts showed such speed that,
inasmuch 1 as the captain was a mem
ber of the San Francisco Yacht Club,
that body again sent in a challenge
for the cup.
The Gadder was rriet by the Truant
of the Corinthian Yacht Club, a Capo
Cod catboat that had been given an
overhanging bow and stern some years
befc-rei and .which ,in the early part of
1899 had displayed considerable speed.
The race took place on September
23. 1339; William N. McCarthy was at
the stick of the Gadder,' while John.
W. Pew,' the - owner of the Truant,
shaped her course. The Gadder won
out oil time allowance, getting the
trophy by ,one minute and fifty-eight
secc-ndsl
The Corinthians were not ¦ satisfied
with the result, neither as to the race
nor the choice of boat they had select
ed to send after the cup, so the next
year they came back to the Aeolus.
On August 4 the Aeolus and Ga<Jjler
were sent to the line. Carl Westerfeid
was in command of the Aeolus and
"Charlie" Chapman handled the Gad-:
der, which the San l/ranciscos sent put
asahu * " W$kM
sharp practice In getting a crew
aboard that did not come under the
rule of amateurism. The trouble did
not come to light until the annual race
of the Pacific Interclub Yacht Asso
ciation, of that year, when the Cath
erine was disqualified and lost second
prize for having a yachtsman -aboard
whom the association did not consider
a bona fide member of the club.
In 1897 the third irace was sailed.
This time the Corinthians were the
challengers. The Aeolus, owned by
Carl Westerfeld and R. H. Morrow,
was sent after the cup. The Aeolus
was the latest production of the over
hang type and had won everything.
She was in the 30-foot class and
the Encinals sent the Fawn to the line
again, not that they thought she. would
win out. but it was all they had and
the remodeling of old boats had proven
an expensive luxury. ,
The race took "place on June 2o/l897,
and for yie only time in the history
of yachting on local waters, even to
the present day, the race was declared
off, as the yachts failed to cover the
course within the time limit because
of the lack of wind.
Six days later the S'achts were again
sent to the line. John "W. Pew was at
the stick Of the Aeolus arid J. A. Ros
slter was sailing master of the Fawn.
The Aeolus won easily with six min
utes and thirty-five seconds to spare.
The Aeolus, In this* rate and others
in the same year and in IS 98. proved
herself such a superior ooat that none
of the clubs on the bay cared to try
for the cup. In the meantime Captain
Matthew Turner ,was trying his hand
at building yachts at his shiuyards at
The raco took place on August 15.
1896. The Fawn won by 6 minutes and
19 seconds and resistered the second
defeat for the San Franciscos. This
race came near wrecking the brotherly
love of the yachtsmen on the bay. for
the San Franciscos were accused of
As in the previous year, there was
nothing at the time of the challenge
in the Encinal that would have a show
with the Sausalito boat except 'the
Fawn, an out-and-out cruiser owned
by George Tyson. El Sueno's ex
perience stood the Encinnls in good
stead and they chopped off the plumb
bow of the Fawn and gave her an
overhang.
Nothing daunted the San Franciscoa
came back for it the next year. This
time , with William Sutherland's
Catherine, a craft that had been mod
ernized by having the plumb* bow and
stern chopped off and an overhanging
affair out on. She was in the 30-foot
class. . "\ >».
Up to El Sueno's time the yachts on
San Francisco Bay had clipper bows
and were full of body and light of
draft, Ideal boats for the shallow waters
of the bay. El Sueno was among the
first of the "spoonbow" boats. She was
almost ten feet longer on deck than the
Queen, with hardly any more accom
modations below.
The first boat sent after the cup by
the San Franciscos was C. H. Morrlll's
Queen. The Queen had won the open
championship cup, and it was thought
that she would have an easy time get
ting the "mug."
When the challenge -was sent In the
Encinal yachtsmen were In despair,
for they did not own a yacht that was
sailing in the class with the Queen
and by the deed of gift they could not
build one.
When things were the darkest the
late Commodore E. A. von Schmidt of
the California Club happened along
and showed the Alameda yachtsmen
how the E^ Sueno, owned by Com
modore Josenh A. Leonard, could be
worked over so that she would be
•within 10 per cent of the challenging
yacht. It required considerable hust
ling to get El Sueno In shape be
fore the time limit for the race *7aa
up. But on August 31, 1895, El
Sueno was sent to the line fit as a
fiddle. Captain Hanley was at the
stick of El Sueno. while "Eddie" How
ard was at the wheel of the Queen.
Before the yachts got to the channel
mark It was seen that El Sueno
had a lead that barring accident
would give her the race. She finally
crossed the line a winner by 8 minutes
and 25 seconds.
on August 31, 1895. The trophy had
been turned over to the Encinal Club
to defend, and the San Franciscos were
the first to try to capture it. In fact,
it has been the endeavors of the San
Francisco Club to capture and retain
It that have kept the trophy before tha
yachting public, for outside of this club
the others have taken very little Inter
est in it. The great majority of tha
Corinthian Club members do not be
lieve in the races and have only, built
the freak Corinthian to defend their
yachting honor.
THE evolution in the racing yacht,
as exemplified in the vessels that
have competed for the San Fran
cisco perpetual challenge cup.
shows in a small way the great
changes that have taken place in the
East and in England.
In ISSo the first challenger was the
Queen, an out-and-out cruising yacht
of the most wholesome type. Sh» is
still stanch, being the pride of the
of the £outh Bay Yacht Club.
The challenger this year is the
Corinthian, an out-and-out racing ma
chine of the freakish order. She is
nothing but a shell with a mass of
steel tru«swork to hold her together,
and will be of no service after the race
is over except to stand by until next
year, if i#ie should win, to go up
against a more pronounced type.
For those who care for nothing but
racing, and for the landlubber, the
last named vessel is all that can be
desired, but to the amateur yachts
man who takes his pleasure out of an
overnight cruise to some quiet ren
dezvous it is a delusion and a snare.
From time to time a howl goes up
to change the measurement rule for
handicapping in order to penalize these
freaks. But experience has taught
those who have been followers of the
sport that it will be of no use, for
there will be found designers whose
brains will successfully checkmate
« hatever restrictions there may be.
So if yachtsmen will race they must
expect to see productions like the
Corinthian and worse. The only way
to kill the freak is to stop racing.
Nothing in modern times has under
gone such a radical change as the
racing yacht. Within the last twenty
five years the Improvements, if they
can be called improvements, have been
very great.
. The modern nautical racing ma
chine, for the present craft has ceased
to be a yacht. Is a much faster vessel.
This is a statement which needs an
explanation, for the modern boat does
not cover a given distance any faster
than the record runs of a quarter of a
century ago. but the extreme speed
to-day is reached in much lighter
winds than years ago. It Is here that
the boat of the present lays claim to
its swiftness.
The speed gained In the '70's under
a twenty-knot breeze Is now reached
in a ten-knot wind. And as ten-knot
breezes are more ofte'n met with in
the great yachting centers of the
world than twenty-knot breezes, it can
easily be seen why the present craft is
considered so swift. The increased
rj»eed Is the outcome of the evolution
of designing under a given rule of
jneayurement.
Twenty-five years apo a builder whit
tled out a model and built from It If
he was lucky in his whittling he had a
last boat. But to-day it is different.
Lverything in construction is laid down
on paper, and the errors of previous de
nsns. shown in actual sailing, are
suartlc-d against. It is here that the
crtat Improvement In speed has been
t»btriined.
With the advent of the school of de-
Rien also came the study of construc
tion. The old wooden hulks were re-
I.laced with "the iron kettle." and from
the lattrr was evolved the bronze and
aluminum boat of to-day.
But have the preat chances been of
any service? If the present condition
\ >; aontin ff is considered It would be
hard to find the benefits, for outside of
the man with money the racing same
is dead and the wholesome cruiser a
thhiRof the oast. This is the condition
yf affair* on the Atlantic waters.
Yachting on San Francisco Bay is at
a most critical point, for on June 9
there will be a race for the SanFran
c-i«-o perpetual challenge cup. Which
will be contested for by one of the
v r.rrt type of boats that has ever sailed
the bay. ,
It was caid two years ago that "the
sport v as going to the "bowwows"
* hen the cballencer of the San Fran
cisco lacht club came out, but If that
y as so at that time what must be said
of the challenging boat Corinthian of
to-day? It has been claimed that the
perpetual cur» is one of the worst fac
f on* In local yachting and lias not been
productive of any good. A review of
the boats that have raced for It may be
considered and the yachtsman left to
Judtre. ¦¦.' ¦¦. > '
The first race for the cup took place
KECOnDS FOR THE EIGHT RACES THAT HAVE HEEX HF.I.D PrNf/rT ALGLST «,
1K». FOR THE SAN" FRANCISCO PEnPETL'AT, CHAIXENGH CUP.
I I | Actual Corrected !
YACHT. | Start. | Finish. Time. Time. i Von by."
Flrat race. August 31. 1S05— l j
El Sueno 2:02:01 4:C.«*:1O L 2:0G:CG 2:W.:C<1 S r.:-. "Z m*.
tiut*.i I 2:(c::3:* I 4:1'J:1S 2:10:40 2:11:^1
Si-ccnd race, August IS 1S06 — K
Fawn i 2:00:21 ( 4:4*5:11 2:47:17 2:47:«7 C mla. 13 m
Cs.th^rine ! ?:O»:.".0 Zw.JS 1:00:12 2:J1:OC
Thrtd race. Jun- "0. 1W- |
Aro'.u? ( This rao* vras ilecSarjiJ off as neither el tha yachts v.as abl« to f.a!«i
Fawn $ within '"le UBM limit.
Fouith race. June 2il, 1S0T —
Veolus I 2-Jib'JK 4 l !.S:r;S 2:TS:C.l 2:1S:m 6 min. S3 m«.
Fuwn I 2:31:10 I 4:S8:W 2:2; :-7 2:2»:SS
Fifth, race, Heptem!i»>- H. ISOU —
Garldtr I I:CA:M | 4:00:0* 3:CO:tS 2:.VT:.T2 1 rala. M im.
Truant I 1:Cl:."2 I 4:CO:1~J 2:C'i::;^ 2:lb:.iO
Sixth race. Aurust 4. !W-.; —
Aeolus i l:fl»:6fl 4::T:.1« I 3:t«::w> ."?:C9:.-.o i 25 min. "T >•«.
Gadri-r | l:OS:St | 4:45::3 3:U>:^7 3:34:20 , I
Seventh rare. Alifun 10. 1:101—
Presto ! 2:C3:0a 4:T7:M I 2:"4:04 2:."l:f4 — mtn. 40 Ma.
Helen i 2*02:i« I 4:."5S:o."> 2:.:G:5<J 2:24:41
EigbUl rac?. Mar "1. 1W2—
rhallor.-er i I:TO:C0 3:.V»:.-.H 2:"5:."»S 2:21:". 10 min. 34 IH.
HarpoAn i l:W:00 4:" i J:4.» !•:.«: !0 2:T2:1O ! ¦
r have had to have the other yacht3
'or.g so the crew could have some
place to sleep.
A brief summary of the character
istics of the yacht*, from the Queen
to the Corinthian, that have partici
pated in thes* races will show the
evolution of the racing yacht on San
Francisco Bay:
The Qiipen— A most desirable type.
El Sueno — Too deep and large for
th° accemmodations offered.
. The Fawn and Catherine — Makeshifts
of the warmed over order.
Aeolus— Built for speed at the ex
pense of cruising comfort.
Gadder — Very pleasant for an af ter-
larjred nrsd th«> IIarr>°^n is of th3 deep
keel ordt>r that tlocs not allow of co:n
ffert aboard if sh? gsts stuck in the
mud while cruising.
The Challenger can scarcely fc3 used
"••:• cruising, but the Corinthian never.
¦ for this reason th? crew on the lat-
This is the opinion of the cruising
yachtsmen. But for those who race
and care for nothing else, the last
named vessel is their ideal.
The outcome of the race next Satnr
day is a question with many. Some of
the most txperienced yachtsmen thin*
the Corinthians have gone too far In
the freakish order in their boat and
claim if there is a hard wind that the
Challenger will have a good chance.
None, however, dispute the fact that if
the breezes blow lisht the Corinthian
will carry off the trophy. It. however,
remains to be seen if the racing yacht
as evolved to date will continue to. win
as in the past.
» ' •
The Challenger— Thought to b» a
racing machine until the Corinthian,
rut in an appearance..
The Corinthian — Can race and is of
to use as a cruiser.
Ilr.rr-oon — Built for spocfd and not for
crulsin? comfort on San Francisco Bay.'
noon's sal!, but of no uue for an OTtr
nisht event. .
The Truant — Another made over
cruiser.
Pre?to — Some pretensions to cruis
ing, but more of a racer.
Helen — A svror.rl Gadder.
It'was a procession. The Aeolus won
by 25 minutes and 30 seconds.
This time It was the skipper that was
not satisfied with the results, j He had
built a yacht which he thousht had
lots of speed and the next year tent in
a challenge from the Vallejo Yachting:
and Boating Club, of which he was
commodore. This was the closest race
that has ever taken place for the tro
phy.
The Presto was called upon by the
Corinthians to • defend the trophy
against Chapman's Helen.
The race took - place on August 10,
1901. There was plenty of wind to spare
.and the Helen had the race well in
hand until the last beat to windward,
when it lightened up and the Presto,
which was over-canvassed, was able to
pull up and win by 40 seconds.
While the racing was going on the
San Franciscos had not been Idle. They
sent East to R B. Crowninshield and
bought a design of a modern racing,
boat in the thlrtr-foot class. She was
built during the winter of 1901 and
1902 and was sent after the cup.
The race took place on Mav 21, 1002.
The Haryoon, a 36-footer, cut down to
go in the 30-foot class, owned by J. H.
Kharp and \V. H. Toepke, was put up
as the defender. The Harpoon was a
fast boat and Fred Iluss Cook sailed
her well, but she was not a match for
the San Francisco, syndicate boat.
Challenger. The latter crossed the line
10 minutes and 54 seconds in the lead.
There was to have been a race last
year, but the Corinthians did not build
their boat in time and the event went
over until now.
In every race glnji* 1897, when the
Aeolus and Fawn came together, ths
boats built have been constructed for
¦peed at the expense of crulslncr quali
ties. The Gadder was an open boat
" THB SAN /FRANCISCO > SUNDAY, CAIX.
THE EVOLUTION OF THE
SAN FRANCISCO YACHTseveral promising beaver dams; and
here he and his two guides had passed
the winter. A very profitable winter,
the naturalist had considered It; for,
by close observation, he had proved be
yond the shadow of of a doubt that the
beaver was much maligned In the pop
ular science of the day. He was busily
preparing a book to : e brought out In
the early summer, giving the beaver
his due and undeceiving that portion of
the reading public which thirsts for
natural history in a popular vein.
I In the late spring, when the natural
ist was writing the last few chapters
of his book. Colonel Strong had come
up to the Little Otter for trout and
salmon. The colonel's camp was a
mile below the naturalist's— a distance
Inconsequential to so strong a paddler
as the latter. The colonel had brought
with him his daughter; a tactful,
charming girl, with a frank enthusiasm
for the wilderness in general and the
Little Otter In particular. A
Since Miss Strong's advent into the
wilderness the beavers had suffered
gross neglect. Those last few chap
ters of "The Beaver as He Really Is"
progressed but slowly. The natural
ist, sought his desk only late at night
or at odd hours in the early morning.
The rest of the time he \ was at the
colonel's camp, j
He took Miss Strong to the beaver
dams to explain to her the Intricacies
of their construction; he taught her
¦the best casts for trout and salmon :
he paddled her to the aalmon holes
up and down the stream. And all
this time a realization grew upon the
naturalist that the woods and their
occupants were not sufficient to his
happiness.
Three weeks went by all too quick
ly. The colonel had announced his
Intention to start for home two days
later. As the naturalist paddled home
ward in the red twilight he became
suddenly aware that two days later the
woods would be quite different. This
great, calm, comforting forest would
become a hateful, sterile desert without
Miss Strong. The naturalist dug his
paddle viciously Into the water. "Great
Scott! This imbecile mooning must be
stopped here and now!"
He hurried the remaining distance
back to camp and endeavored to con
centrate his mind • on the long
neglected conclusion of his book. But
concentration is difficult when the for
est is enshrouded in a soft spring
night. •
After an hour's fruitless labor the
naturalist stalked down to the bank
of the stream and lighted his pipe.
He said many things about beavers
that you will search vainly for In
his published work. He sat on the
bank until the round moon, nearing
the full, came creeping above the
tree tops'. Then he suddenly arose
with the air of a man considerably
startled.
"Good heavens!" he said, with bdd
anxiety In his voice, "I'm in love with
the girl!" ¦ . •
Two minutes later the canoe slid
noiselessly into the water, and the
naturalist paddled down stream with
unseemly haste.
As he came around the bend above
the colonel's camp he saw the girl sit-
i,nHf 5 •? e ° flowerv a " Poetry,
but if— if it were scientific it would bV
exact, wouldn't It?"
••¦'•-¦• • • • • •
The naturalist had one regret Aih!
paddled up stream he wanted chant
a "Te Deum," but he didn't know
how. »"um. snow
V 1 «« nt to tel1 you x love y° u - and
scientific research doesn't seem to
qualify one for such an undertaking "
he said. ""u«5.
Th» girl laughed nervously. She
"er?od d tha t0C ° f her * hOe for a
There was silence for a moment.
Then the naturalist came nearer the
fire and stood looking down at tho
girl.
i' 1 wi f » * " were a poet instead of a
scientist." said he.
"Why?" she asked.
She turned and regarded him archly.
"Remember." she said, quotln" a for
mer remark of his " 'the beaver has
been grossly misrepresented.'"
"Let him continue to be." said the
naturalist.
"Yea, you," said he. "Tha forest
used to be sufficient to me. Now It
Isn't."
"I'm sorry," she said quietly.
"And I'm not," said he with vehem
ence.
"Yes, I am," said he. "I'm complete
ly out of harmony with everything
here. A disturbing element has crept
Into the wilderness."
The girl raised her brows.
"It'B you," said the naturalist.
shortly.
"I?" she questioned.
ting quite alone before a smoldering
fire near the bank. He paddled to the
bank and pulled up his canoe.
The girl gave him a gay welcome.
"But you said when you left at sun
set that you'd been neglecting your
beavers." she reminded him. "Aren't
you neglecting them now?"
(Copyright, 1904, by K. M. Whltehead.)
OpfHE naturalist was vaguely dls
1 turbed. He paddled back to camp
I slowly, with a listless stroke, as
A if he were prone to turn back.
Now and then he ceased paddling and
gazed thoughtfully through the dark
ening underbrush of the woods.
Red twilight was falling, and against
the flaming western sky the tree-tops
made sharp, black silhouettes; beneath
the pines the blue-black shadows were
deepening. Countless voices drifted
out to him drowsily on the still air;
but the naturalist gave no heed to the
sublimity of the approaching forest
night, nor did he hear the gentle drone
Into which the myriad voices blended
themselves. v
The only vision his eyes beheld was
that of a smiling, graceful girl, waving
a white hand to him from the sloping
bank by the camp, and the only sound
in hla ears was her merry laughter as
she stood by her father's Bide and
shouted a good-by.
It was because of this that the nat
uralist was vaguely disturbed. Here
tofore the woods and their occupants
had chained his every thought. Now
he was aware - that every primary
thought centered about the girl, and
that everything else was but a sorry
second to her. v
The naturalist had been In the
woods all winter. . It was his intention
to correct several fallacies— absurd, but
none the less popular— concerning the
beaver. With this idea in mind he had
built a camp on the upper waters of
the Little Otter, within easy reach of
THE DISTURBING ELEMENT
By John Barton Oxford
The days passed like a procession of
snails, but she did not appear, and
though, through the kindness of city
friends, he had a number of introduc
tions, he made no effort to discover her
identity. He had a strange, sweet con
sciousness — to which he held in spite of
disappointment and the deplorable sen
timentality into which it was leading
him— that she was surely drifting
toward him. and that each day»brought
them near together.
Near the end of the third week his
faith was rewarded. It was on the
golf links, and a ripple of peculiarly
clear, frank laughter somewhere near
him caused him to turn his head. She
and a companion were sauntering to
ward him, every line of her lithe,
graceful figure standing out gloriously
against the pure background of the
eky, her brown hair framing her face
in a bewitching disorder.
On this glimpse of her Manice lived
for another week, and then his friend,
Duncan Brown, descended upon him
for the week's end stay. Duncan
would have been welcome under any
circumstances, but when he announced
that a great friend of his, Betty Als
ton, lived in Morrlstown, and offered
to take Manice to see her, the latter
pressed the freedom of hla bachelor
quarters upon him with added fer
vency, wondering If by chance he was
entertaining an angel unawares.
So, indeed, It proved.
"I think I saw you on the links the
other day,". Miss Alston remarked,
turning to Manice after the greetings
were over, and that gentleman always
wondered what he said In reply. The
one impression that he carried away
from that meeting was a confusing
sense of having been projected unex
pectedly Into the very midst of heaven.
That Impression, however, was not
lasting. Time revealed that if Miss
Alston was a guiding star, others be
sides himself were looking, raising their
eyes to her and following where she
led.
Still, he drew a sigh of relief at the
thought that he had two rivals Instead
of one. Always", in these matters, there
was safety in numbers.
Keeping a watchful eye upon two ri
vals Is wearing work even Ith a strong
man. If Manice had been fascinated
by Betty Alston's face, at : the end of
two months it was lovelier to him than
ever, for the better he knew her the
more assured he became of her sweet
ness and womanliness. Counted by con
ventional standards It was a pltfully
short time that they had known each
other, but he felt as if he had been
aware of her through all the thirty-five
years of waiting.
Thus his love, like a mighty wave.
"She loves me — she loves, God bless
her! I know It," Manice's thoughts,ran
during the days that followed, and,
though the hours seemed endless, not
once during that time did he approach
her. He shrewdly suspected that his
absence would do more than anything
else could to reveal her heart to her
self.
So su^e of his answer was he that
he- wanted to make the day memorable
to both of them. Many plans suggested
themselves, but none of them seemed
worthy. Then a chance remark of hers
flitted across, his mind and he mur
mured with enthusiasm: ."The .very
thing, by Jove!"
She had whimsically said to him once
that it was her idea of bliss to have
Hagadorn, the well-known organist,
play the wonderful organ at St. Mich
ael's an hour for her alone, and he de
cided that if Hagadorn was suscepti
ble to the persuasive power of money.
Bhe should have that pleasure.
"You are the only woman In the
world for me," he concluded, the color
that usually glowed under his tan
noticeably absent. "From the first
moment I knew it. I would have fol
lowed you to the ends of the earth
to tell you this, even though I had
known that you would refuse me!" '
Betty Alston, her face as white as
his own, turned to him with quivering
lips. His earnestness frightened her.
But there was* Jack Winter— dear Jack
with the laughing eyes and the gay
smile! And yet Jack would never have
followed her out' of the crowd, and—
She covered her -face with her hands,
and Manice, pitted against Fate,- set
his Jaw grimly.
"Is there any one else?" he asked at
last, and at the gentleness of his voice
Betty took courage.
"You don't know how unworthy I
feel," she began In a trembling voice.
"You see I don't know myself. I hate
myself for it, but I really don't. If you
love me like this, I ought to know,
oughtn't I, whether I love you or not?"
She looked at him with the puzzled
confidence of a child appealing to an
elder for help in a crisis. Then sud
denly the color came up over her soft,
white neck, rising higher and higher
until It suffused her whole face, and
the eyes that had been gazing so clear
ly and childishly Into his dropped. In
that moment her heart was clearer to
him than it was to herself.
"Think about It for a week, sweet
heart," he whispered, and, carrying her
hand to' his lips for a brief moment,
turned and left her.
whose crest, poised for a moment, must
inevitably spend Itself in foam, broke
into words. Simple, manly words they
were, falling from his lips almost bro
kenly, the very strength of his love
making him despair of saying what he
would.
All of which means that Floyd
Manice, usually the most dignified
and conservative of men, spent the
rest of the afternoon following a slim,
erect young woman at a very respect
ful distance and utterly without her
knowledge. *
At 6 p. m. he had the satisfaction of
teeing her enter a smart trap at Mor
rlstown, N. J., whither she had un
wittingly led him, and satisfied from
her manner that she was at home, he
•paced the platform waiting for the
train back to town and making plans
with . an exultant confidence born of
long eUCCCSS.
"Going to Morrlstown for the sum
mer, ch?" exclaimed his partner in
some surprise, when he announced his
Intention a week later, "I thought you
loathed New Jersey?"
. "Mistaken Idea of yours," responded
Manice with mendacious brevity. "By
the way, do you know any one there?"
Events usually moved with business
like, precision when Manice started to
accomplish an end. Within two weeks
from the day on which he first saw
his Ftar, as he called her to himself,
h* was astablfihed In Morrlstown, wait
ing in strong, serene, yet humble ex
pectation for her to appear once more
upon his horizon.
MANICE looked at his watch.
It was ten minutes past four
and he was already late for
an engagement. Neverthe
less, he dashed hastily Into the big de
, partment store, determined to procure
| the driving gloves that he sorely
' needed.
The tired clerks and Bhining pneu
matic tubes seemed to be in league to
(detain him, and he was Btrolling Im
patiently up and down. Inwardly re
(vlling the system that made such delay
/possible, when the eight of a tall, fair
fglrl. also waiting for change, trans
; formed his feelings like the touch of
a fairy wand. His impatience van
ished, his engagement was forgotten.
• He had seen his ideal woman!
A weaker man might have failed to
Mdetect his chance in the mere passing
js^lmpse of a face In the crowd. Not
\uo. Manice. If Fate, in effect, said to
•him, "Don't you wish you knew her?"
he indomitably answered, "Trust me
—I shall know her!" And so the game
began.
Social customs he regarded as so
tnany fences Inclosing and dividing
the field of action. Under ordinary
circumstances he respected these de
fenses and skirted them decorously
¦until he came to gateways, like any
other well-bred individual. But the
case In hand was comparable only to
a cross-country ride, when the man
who. would be In at the death must
SO over the fences. Jump the ditches
fciid stay him not for gateways and
bridges.
(Coi:yri*ht, 1904. by M. McKea.)
But to his dismay he found that he
was not He did not understand the
gentleman's request and he refused the
offer somewhat haughtily. It was then
that Manice appealed to the man, ig
nored the artist, and at the end of his
brief but somewhat shame-faced ex
planation Hagadorn was smiling gen
ially.
"I'll do it with pleasure," said he,
holding out his hand.
"And of course you'll know Just —
well, Just the right sort of music?" sug
gested Manice. "The sort that will
that will—"
"Yes," assented the organist, "I think
I know the Bort," and they parted in
great good humor.
At the end of that rapturous hour, of
wonderful music in the 7 dim interior
of St. Michael's next day, Betty sim
ply turned her humid eyes upon Manice
and held out her hands. It was not
until she had gained the poise and
assertion of six months of wlfehood
that she accused him of taking an un
fair advantage.- ,
"As If any girl could have refused
such a lover!" she taunted, ruffling hia
hair disgracefully. "It. was what the
papers call clap-trap."
THE CONQUEROR
y Keith Gordon
(CcpjTisht, 1331, by EdwitfJ. Webster.)
y~yilFTX. th<* big black panther, was
| / grew 15 r 5 sullenly, bis growl oc-
WV.2sJon"a!]y rising to a snarl of cx
\^ asperated, jea!ous rase. His
mistress, Carmen, dainty, pretty— from
¦appearances very far from being a per
son capable of ruling and restraining
the big. fierce cat animals of the circus
— was standing In front of his cage.
Ordinarily the sight of Carmen
' caused the big panther to set up an
affectionate purring. But on the pres
ent occasion Tom Howard, the best
athlete in the great circus, was talking
to the 'pretty Carmen. It was plain,
even to a black panther, that the in
terest Howard took in Carmen was
more than friend:y. It was also plain
that Carmen was far from displeased
a£ this interest. And that was the
reason the big panther was growling.
For a deep and consuming jealousy of
stalwart Tom Howard filled Chita's
heart. •
Just then a warning be'.l rang. This
was the signal for Carmen to get reaay
for her great "Animal School Act."
Her scholars were not rosy-cheeked
boys and girls, but a very grim-look-
As he took his place he looked at the
crowd with languid curiosity, yawned
and acted like a lion who considered
a school for a lion of his years as a
nuisance, but not enough of one to
make a fuss over.
But the big Bengal tiger evidently
was in an Ugly frame of mind. At
first he refused to enter the cage. Car
men struck 1 him lightly with her whip.
Like a flash the big lips curled up,
showing .the, long, sharp tiger fangs,
and at the same time he gave a snarl
of rage, low and rumbling at first, but
rising until it re-echoed from every
part of the circus tent. But Carmen
The Numidian lion walked into the
cage in a lazy, nonchalant manner. He
ing set of pupils, consisting; of Chita,
the big Bengal User, and Diogenes,
the sleepy, but big-maned, strong
jawed Numidian lion.
In this act each of the great felines
left his own cage and entered a larger
one in which Carmen was seated on
a low chair, a small rod, the symbol
of her authority, in her hand. Chita
trotted willingly into this cage. He
was devoted to Carmen and now that
Tom Howard was out of sight there
was nothing to disturb his good na
ture.
j evidently looked on the whole thins;
«a a bore. But he had eaten a good
dinner, felt at peace with the world.
and, anxhow. it would soon be over.
looked him steadily In the eye and,
after a moment's hesitation, the great
striped beast slunk to his place. It
was plain that he was in a dangerous
mood. Despite the tiger's temper the
lesson would probably have pone on as
usual had not Tom Howard happened
to step beyond the entrance of the coy
• ered way leading to the Quarters of the
circus people when they are not in the
ring. Tom was always intensely wor
ried when Carmen was giving her ani
mal school act. It was this anxiety
which led him to leave the circus quar
ters. But his well meant consideration
proved costly. . .
As Tom stepped from the canvas
covered passageway Chita, saw him-
The sight stirred the black panther's
smoldering Jealousy. Ke stopped
abruptly In his role as Carmen's pupil.
Jumped oft the pedestal on which hs
had been sitting at "attention" and
sent forth a fierce, snarling growl. In
which he expressed his* hatred of the
man who he felt had usurped first
place in his mistress* heart.
At the first notes of ths angry snarl
Carmen turned reprovingly to the bla^k
panther. She knew there was not the
least danger of her pet attacking her.
But he must £O on with his perform
once or the act would be a failure.
-Chita." she said, in reproachful
tones, looking straight into the angry
panther's eyes. And as she did this she
turned her back on the still sullen Ben
gal tiger.
The big tiger had been growing more
and more sulky as the act proceeded.
His nerves were in a bad state, and the
angry snarl -of the panther had been
the finishing touch. Now Carmen hart
taken her eyes off him- That settled
It. He dropped from his pedestal to
the floor of the cage, gathered himself
for. the sprin- and the next instant
was shooting through the air. a black
and yellow bar of deacy erxergy.
The impact of the shock threw Car
men to the floor. But quick a3 th«
Bengal tiger had been, the panther vas
quicker. All thought of Jealousy van
ished at Eight of the attack on his mis
tress. Before the tiger could use tooth
or claw the lithe, strong-limbed pan
ther had launched himself right at the
tiger's throat.
Over and over on the floor of the cage
the two great cats rolled. Ordinarily
the panther ¦would have been no match
for the far larger tiger. But the pan
ther had caught his grip first, settling
his sharp, deep-biting teeth in the
tiger's throat. This prevented the
tiger's using his teeth effectually. But
hi3 claws, especially those on his strong
hind legs, could be used. Again and
again he struck out with them, ripping
through the panther's skin like a soft
glove. But he could not shake the
deadly grip Chita had on his throat.
Although he might be torn to pieces by
the great claws. Chita meant to hold on
until he felt his teeth meet in his oppo
nent's windpipe. And through all the
terrible struggle. Diogenes, the Numld
lan lion, sat on his pedestal, lazy, good
natured, only calmly Interested in the
life and death fight of his fierce fellow
pupils.
"When the circus men separated the
two big cats the Bengal tiger was
dead, and the black panther, torn In
twenty pieces, was dying. Carmen
was unhurt, except for a few slight
bruises caused by her fall on the floor
of the cage. Tom Howard was fore
most among: the crowd which had
rushed to the cage. As Carmen placed
her hand on the head of tha big pan
ther who had died to save her. Chita
opened his great yellow eyes, now fast
dimming In death. But even In death
the ruling passions of his fierce wild
animal nature held strong. Ills eyes
brightened with affection at tha sight
of Carmen. Then his glance fell on
Tom Howard. The Jealous snarl start
ed from deep down In his throat, he
half raised his head. Then It sank
down and the black ©anther's eyes
closed forever.
And Diogenes, the bli-manad lion,
sat on his pedestal, calm, nonchalant,
disinterested, aloof. He was waiting
for the signal. "School la over." It
did not come. Diogenes waited a lit
tle longer. Then he opened his great
jaws In a half-suppressed yawn,
dropped to the floor of the exhibition
cage and trotted lazily off to the
most comfortable corner of his own
cage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALX. •
12
THE RULING PASSIONS.NATIONAL LUXURY fAVCS TUB WAT TO NATIONAL DISHONOR.
WHILE WE SCORN THE FRENCH MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE
IN NAME, WE MALLOW AND OBSERVE IT MOBT RELIGIOUSLY
IN FACT.
UNLIMITED PERSONAL INDULGENCE MEANS ENFEEBLED MAN
HOOD AND DECAYINO INTELLIGENCE.
I HA V= NO SYMPATHY WITH A RADICALISM OF FEMALE REFORM.
CHRIST DENOUNCED NOT WEALTH, BUT THE LUST FOR RICHES.
BISHOP POTTER SAYS:
Far of tenqr than we imagine those
two things He close together. A father,
crowded beyond endurance by the
strain to maintain a scale of living
long ago pitched too high, a mother
consciously degraded by the petty eva
sions and domestic dishonesty that
paying for them if it can, but which
will have them at any cost.
Is there any. degradation more ab
ject and slavery more absolute than
they are now sure to involve? Every
now and then the community stands
aghast at some vast system of pillage
or some tragedy of horror, in which a
poor-wretch rather than face his cred
itors drowns himself or blows out his
brains. A dozen of his fellows! has
tily gathered and as hastily dismissed,
register their verdict of suicide oc
casioned by financial difficulties and
the story is soon forgotten.
I am called to treat scores of peo
ple with* shattered brains and nerves
—but they are not the fruits of over
work. The most fruitful sources of
physical derangement and mental and
nervous "disorders in America to-day
are pecuniary embarrassments and
family dissensions.
The Home Against Itself.
cannot overlook the love of display,
the craving for luxuries, the wide
spread disposition to make life more
ornate and less rugged, more smooth
and less satisfying than when the
foundations of this country were laid.
Explain as you choose that the aus
terenesa of the fathers has provoked
the luxury of the children; appeal to
the age as placing greater luxury
within easy range of a greater num
ber — the fact remains that on the
whole our habits are not simple, our
trainings not frugal,- and our social
customs are not plain nor Inexpensive.
This national love of luxury la terribly
enervating. -We need not go back to
Rome to see that national luxury
paved the, wav for national dishonor.
France discovered it in the reign of
the Louises. . England experienced it
in the time. of Charles. . Costliness of
living and unlimited : personal in
dulgence mean enfeebled manhood
and decaying intelligence.
The Decay of Honor and Honesty.
_ But incur case It means something
mo re* and worse. It means the growth
of a relaxed sense of individual honor
a'nd common honesty. It means a
disposition that will have luxuries by
in 1901, leaving one son and five daugh
ters.
As a sequel to his co-operation with
the widow of Alfred Corning Clark in
her vast charitable enterprises' their
marriage was solemnized some months
ago — a marriage, as it has been said,
of mind and millions.
Never before has Bishop Potter ex
pressed himself so fully and compre
hensively upon such a wide range of
absorbing problems. Praising where
praise is due and denouncing where,
as he declared, there is need for Amer
ican men and women to take warning,
his voice is a ringing bugle call on the
eve of the approaching Presidential
campaign. - , •
BY BISHOP HENRY C. POTTER.
I have been asked to discuss some
of the bravest and most opportune
problems which now confront the
American people — problems dealing
with the welfare of the people" at
large, with the sacredness of the'home
and family and with the happiness of
men and women as individuals. It is.
impossible to deal with such a wide
and important range of subjects at
this time and in this manner, except in
the most cursory way.
But in discussing the pitfalls and
dangers assailing us as a people, one
of convenience In name, we hallow and
observe It most religiously in fact. Pov
erty If not a disgrace Is somehow ac
counted an Impertinence, and the vul
garities of ostentatious display are par
donable, and even admirable. In precise
proportion to the size of the fortune
that indulges them.
Love Is not for sale, and that mys
terious sentiment which must be won
and deserved — not * purchased — never
goes along with the Jointure nor can
be made over with transfers of real
estate. One of the greatest tragedies
in modern life Is the desperate effort
to put heart in such transactions and
so ennoble a bargain with an emotion.
And women? Do we not know that
there are thousands of them to whom
a home is as impossible a thing as a
castle in Spain? Do we not know that
there are thousands of them who have
no human being except themselves to
depend upon? Especially on this
Eastern sea coast women are redund
ant. I have no sympathy with a radi
calism of female reform, but some
thing must be done. Our American
women, thank God, have never re
cruited the ranks of that dismal col
ony that borders on Salt Lake, which,
though American- in name, is really
foreign In the emigration that has peo
pled it. What is needed is that tha
sphere of woman be so widened that
Rugged himself in mind and body,
and bearing his sixty-eight years at.
lightly as a man in the prime of life,
his warning and admonition have be
hind them the force of one of the most
powerful personalities in this country.
Bishop Potter was seen in his hand-
Bome home at Eighty-ninth street and
Riverside Drive, into which he moved
eorr.e months ago, v.-hen he married the
charming and wealthy widow of the
late Alfred Corning Clark. Seated in
his book-lined study overlooking the
Hudson arid the Palisades and sur
rourxled by' testimonials of his labors
in ' many fields, the distinguished
churchman sounded his warning to
"America In clarion tones.
; Ekiilfully as a surgeon with mental
and moral scalpel he dissected the body
politic of both this city and country,
lopping off a limb here and applying
an advisory poultice there, as he tpok
up . consecutively the < following vital
and timely questions:
Is the moral and standard of Ameri
can life deteriorating?
Is divorce growing so prevalent as to
be a dangerous — -nace to the welfare
of the natkm?
Is marriage for money a minor or
major evil in American life?
Will women ever be desirable factors
in public life— and is public life, or
i
*^1 S the acknowledged h«ad of the
/ | Protestant Episcopal Church In
r"~"| this country, and as a foremost
*• I authority on the giant problems
of capital and labor— with their
uses an<5 many abuyes— as well as the
•ven more absorbing questions of mar
riage and divorce, as dominated by
the almighty dollar— a problem recent
ly declared by President Charles Cuth
bert Hall of the Union Theological
Sercinery of New York to be a vital
factor in the alarming deterioration of
the moral standard of American life-
Bishop Henry Codman Potter, a© the
eve of his annual vacation abroad, de
clared, in a remarkable inter-view, that
the American people, in their love of
display and luxuries, coupled with the
national disposition to make life more
ornate and less rugged than the laws
of health demand, were rapidly paving
'the tvay for national dishonor.
-Rucced in Mind and Body.
BY WILLIAM GRIFFITH,
Bishop Potter was born In Schenec
tady in 1836. His father was then
president of Union College and later
became Bishop of Pennsylvania. Henry
C, Potter studied at the Episcopal
Academy at Philadelphia until ill
health drove him Into commercial life.
This proving Incompatible with his
temperament, the future prelate pre
pared for his life work at a Virginia
theological institution. His first im
portant call was to Trinity Parish in
Boston, where the forcefulness of his
sermons and his tremendous mental
ability soon earned him promotion.
This came in his transfer to the me
tropolis, where in 1S83 he was made
Bishop Coadjutor of New York. Upon
the death of his uncle. Bishop Hora
tion Potter, four years later, he was
vested with full episcopal honors.
Bishop Potter has achieved promi
nence not only in the prelacy and In
literature but also in the great move
ments for the betterment of the social
conditions of the people. He is a keen
observer and commentor upon current
events. Soon after his ordination ho
married Miss Eliza R. Jacob, who died
Is there really any danger of racial
suicide in thiB country? If so, what
are the primary causes?
Are there any seeds of revolution in
ths war between capital and labor and
when will the harvest be reaped?
And is immense wealth a curse or a
blessing?
That Bishop Potter is perhaps better
able to answer these vital questions
wisely and impartially than any other
man in American life may be Inferred
not only from his scholarly equipment,
but from his wide experience extending
over forty years as rector of Grace
Church in this city, as Bishop of New
York, as head of a great labor arbitra
tion committee and as a profound stu
dent of the great social and political
questions of the day. Perhaps his most
enduring monument is the Cathedral
of St. John the Divine, now building
in this city. Its vastness may be con
jectured In that the huge pile on Wash
ington Heights will not be completed
for another generation.
Bishop Potter's Career.
Ehoulder-to-shoulder competition witfi
men, robbing womanhood of its great
est charm and sacredness?
By such methods as these great for
tunes have been made which do not
honestly belong to their possessors.
As certainly as the tendency of the
age is to combine or focu3 interests in
the field of capital there will and must
be a similar movement among the peo
ple at large. The trada union has
come to stay and It is a tremendous
force which' must be reckoned with
in a sane, careful and respectful way.
The* man who does not wish to. Join
a union must not be forced to, but
neither must the man who is a union
ist be compelled to forego his union
while the employer U at liberty to
join a trust.
{Copyright. 1304, by Central News and
Press Exchange.)
There is much to be said on both
sides. Christ did not denounce wealth
any more than he denounced pauper
ism. He did not abhor money — he
used It. He did not abhor tha com
pany of rich men — he sought it. What
he denounced was the love of wealth;
the lust of riches; the vulgar snob
bishness that chose exclusively tha
fellowship or the ways of rich men —
greed and luxury and self-indulgence.
But It Is quite another question when
we have to do with that class of cap
italists whose manipulations of val
ues have essentially no quality that U
different from the legerdemain of the
card sharper. Their directorial chi
canery In connection with great cor
porations is one of the deepest stains
on our commercial honor.
Those Whom the Honest Will Avoid.
These are the capitalists with whom
honest men can hold- no Intercourse:
(a) Managers and directors who, by
manipulation of the stock market in
collusion with others, artificially de
press values to the Ics3 of fellow in
vestors, (b) Managers or directors of
vast corporations who withhold reg
ular reports for their own personal
advantage, (c) Managers or directors
who employ intricate and obscure sys
tems of bookkeeping which mislead or
deceive. v
It is at once needful and needless to
point out the danger of the divorce
habit which is assailing us. As in the
dlsaffections between capital and labor,
th*» differences betwen husband and
wife can, in a great majority of cases,
be settled outside the court of last re
sort. A little more patience and con
sideration shown each other will large
ly eliminate this great and growing
danger to American progress and wel
fare as a nation.
Taking up the relation of the citizen
to the industrial situation, this matter
of arraying class against mass Is of
exceptional interest just now, not only
because such differences become acuta
in the warmer rather than the colder
seasons, but because we are on the
eve of a national election. This sullen
class hatred, which is quite as acuta
here under our Democratic or Repub
lican form of government as in the
middle ages, constitutes a menace not
only to the relations which bind to
gether certain industrial interests, but
our whole social fabric.
The Lust of Riches.
As for our mothers, it is certainly
regrettable that American women of a
certain prominent class are opposed to
large families. Formerly the best
women and men of the young republic
came from large families. It was the
association of large families of chil
dren with each other, the doing for
each other and their mutual bits of
self-denial that made the men •£
strong character and the women of
noble domestic lives of other genera
tions.
I am asked if the women of this.
country, in my opinion, have too much
independence. Our American women
have their autonomy more largely than
the women of any other country in the
world. English women come next in
point of liberty — personal freedom. In
France they have less Independence,
and when one reaches Italy he finds
the freedom of women there even more
curtailed.
The Peril of Divorce.
As to Race Suicide.
whatever work she can do modestly
she shall be permitted and encouraged
to attempt.
draws money from wages or marketing
and spends it for dress, the sons and
daughters taught prodigality by exam
ple and upbraided for It In speech —
what can come to such a home or fam
ily save mutual recrimination and per
sonal alienation? How can love reign
In a household where mutual confi
dence and mutual sacrifices, where the
traits that Inspire respect and kindle
affection are equally and utterly want
ing?
Where shall we look for a corrective?
I answer, in a higher ideal of the true
wealth and welfare of the nation. Noth
ing in our day covers so many faults
as money. Neither the Joy of birth nor
the tragedy of death are separate from
a query as to how much shall be in
herited or bequeathed.
While we scorn the French marriage
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
13
A Ringing Warning
to the
American PeopleTHE ¦ SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
A VALUABLE FRECKLE LOTION
<Jennie>— Nothing bu.t conttant vigi
lance will uvalr the girl who Is pre
disposed to those provoking blemishes,
freckles. They are caused by Iron in
the blood. The strong action of the
sunlight upon the particles which have
worked their way through the ducts of
the skin, forming a deposit under the
surface, causes the discoloration. If
freckles are constitutional only the
most severe remedies in the form of
caustic washes In the hands of a skilled
dermatologist will remove the specks.
Even then they may return, for no one
can honestly guarantee a complete
cure. If, however, freckles are of the
sun order, protection of the face from
strong sunlight, and especially from
spring winds, will materially lessen
LINGERIE (Miss O.)— There is no
MASSA'JE VCP.UUS BLEMISHES
(L. T. F.)-*Many women entertain an
erroneous idea concerning the efficacy
of facial massage, expecting that after
HATS (May) — Yes, leghorns are
coming Into style again and right
smart they are, too. For a time' they
seemed to be too flimsy to suit, the
popular fancy, but they are far too
graceful to be cast aside for good.
Conventional trimmings are Its por
tion this year, such as a double wreath
of forget-me-nots or tiny berries, for
which adornments a drapery of velvet
stuck through a buckle is "frequently
substituted.
ABUSED NECK (Frances)—
When we consider the modern fashion
of dressing- the neck it Is little wondjr
that beautiful contour and fair whits
skin is the exception rather than th«
rule. Actresses, singers and . society
women have the best examples of what
a woman's neck should be: fair and
firm supporting the head with grace.
The great army of professional and
business women who must present a
neat, fashionable attire during the Ions
hours of the day are the greatest suf
ferers from unshapely necks. Th«
secret of the difference Is simply this.
The class of women first named spend
the major portic-n of their wakln*
hours in dainty gowns more or* less
open at the neck or softly trimmed at
that part of the garment. The acces
sories which go with the tallor-mada
guwns are worn by these women for
but a few hours dally. The attempt
to Introduce the Dutch or collarless
waist has Droved a failure and de
servedly so. for It is decidedly too neg
ligee for good form to be worn in pub
lic, although I advise any woman to
indulge In this freedom whenever sho
can do so in the privacy of her own
home, for Its beautifying effects. A
happy compromise is found in the
transparent perforated collars and In
stocks of soft silk, linen and embroid
eries with or without a thin lining, and
boneless. These dainty accessories give
the needful completion to the toilet
with the least possible compression and
Beat about the neck. Many a relaxed
and flabby neck Is not the result of
age. but the product of stiff collars
which- have held the delicate muscles
In their firm grip until natural fortes
have lost their power to support tha
surrounding tissues. If women will
study the hygiene of dress and sift
from the vast array of apparel only
such articles as are least harmful, com
bining comfort with grace of form
natural beauty will be permanently en-
the depth of color. "Wear a ?•& •£
chiffon when out of doors and apply
the following lotion several times each
day. These efforts may, la tlm«, fad*
out the obstinate spots: Take one tea
spoonful of refined borax, two tea
spoonfuls of Epsom salts, fifteen drops
of tincture of benzoin and half a
pint of water. Put the vrater. borax
and salt In a bottle, and. when dis
solved, add the benzoin slowly. Shak»
T/ell and let stand for three hours, then
strain through fine muslin and bottl*
for use. Apply with a velvet sponge.
a week or two ot treatment they will
see a markd improvement, not only in
the removal of lines, but also In the
banishment of blemishes such as pim
ples. To those who are Interested in
this line of culture, and I cannot un
derstand how any woman can be In
different to her personal appearance, I
wish to give a few words of encourage
ment, as well as to correct any false
impressions they may now have. First
of all. do not expect to eradicate in
a few days or months that which na
ture has taken years to Implant. We,
like the gardener, must work patiently.
He wisely plants his seeds and awaits
developments, knowing full well that
a firm root Is the first essential to a
healthy growth. Faithful work will
surely be rewarded in time, but. unless
you are' an exceptional case, a marlfed
improvement will scarcely be noticed
under two months of faithful care;
skins that have been fairly starved will
require longer treatment before mate
rial results will be seen. Like all forms
of exercise, regularity is the keynote of
success. All of us are aware how every
one who attains perfection in any line
must adhere faithfully to regular rules,
no matter how distasteful, yet there
always seems to be a disposition to
shirk when physical culture pure and
simple is involved after the first enthu
siasm wears off. Hence, I again urge
the necessity for serious work to In
sure success. While massage is an in
valuable aid in cleansing the skin, do
not expect to cure blemishes by mas
sage Rlone. for it cannot be done un
less the eruptions are entirely due to
overclogged pores* Bathing, rational
diet, exercise are all important factors
'which must not be overlooked nor neir
lected.
A pointed, projecting chin always
tells of avarice, especially if the sub
ject has a long, hooked nose, for that
combination is the fatal sign of a
miser. *
A square chin of good size with an
indentation In the center is the ac
companiment of a firm, capable na
ture. The girl who has such a chin
will be a good business woman, one
to be relied upon and a thorough help
meet.
A round and full, well formed chin
denotes a sweet, yielding temper and
the woman who possesses such a one
is ¦ usually happy and is blessed with
the faculty of making others so too.
A WOMAN'S CHIN (Mrs. H. E. J.)—
There really I3n't any language of the
face, though those who claim to. know
say that the small, receding chin de
notes a lack ot will power and that
such people are nearly always treach
erous and weak and mean. The per
son who. possessed such a chin would
be disloyal and easily led about, be
cause she would not have the strength
of character and will to be anything
else.
Mix. Pour a few drops into a little
water 'and rinse the mouth thoroughly.
If you want a mouth wash and have
MOUTH WASH (Alma) — I really
think there Is no use troubling over
tooth powder and washes, but here 13
a good one If you want to try it:
Tincture orris 1 ounce
Essence white rose 1 ounce
Alcohol .". 1 ounce
Peppermint 20 droDS
RINGWORM ON THE FACE (Es
•telle) — This common eruption, appear
ing on the face and frequently on the
hands, resembles a burn at first and
generally forms in circular patches or
a patch which enlarges as the disease
spreads. Intense itching, especially
when the spot Is exposed to heat or Is
rubbed, accompanies the trouble. The
spot or spots should be thoroughly
cleansed with .warni water and pure
soap. Keep a soft rag especially for
this purpose and destroy it when no
longer required. An effective remedy
consists in painting a ring of iodine
around the eruption to prevent its fur
ther enlargement and applying a heal
ing ointment. Obtain one-half ounce
of colorless iodine from the druggist,
together with a small camel's hair
brush. The ordinary iodine may be
used, but it will leave a stubborn stain
on the skin for some weeks, while the
colorless does not stain and is quite as
effective. Paint around the spot a half
Inch at least and then lightly anoint
the spot with sulphur ointment and it
will disappear in a few days. Pure
castor oil is another excellent remedy
to keep the. surface soft while healing
,and It may be applied several times
each day. Never pick at the spot or
Eeek to hasten its cure by any harsh
means or a deep scar is likely to result.
Do not use glycerin on such eruptions,
for it will cause the crustaceous forma
tion to exude and frequently cause a
sore.
Answers to
Correspondents
BENEFITS OF DEEP BREATHING
(T. B. L.)— The value of correct breath
ing cannot be overestimated, although
comparatively few people seem to real
ize its true relation to the perfect de
velopment of health and beauty. The
three most Important results from cor
rect breathing are the purification of
the blood, the production of animal
heat and the curative powers resulting
from the mechanical action of deep
breathing by the expansion and con
traction of the diaphragm and muscles
of the chest. As the blood circulates
it gathers the poison of the body, car
bonic acid, which is a combination of
oxygen and carbon, two elements found
in the body having a strong affinity for
each other. This poisonous waste,
brought to the lungs by the blood, is
quickly dissipated when brought in con
tact with pure air by increased oxy
genatlon of the blood by the process of
breathing. This being the case, it is
easy to see why Imperfect breathing
fails to purge the blood and lungs suf
ficiently; the natural results therefore
are nervousness, headache, lung trou
bles, etc., and which as a rule are un
known to persons who habitually prac
tice deep breathing* and take pains to
obtain all the fresh air possible every
hour of the day and night. The com
mon manner of breathing may be di
vided in this way: breathing from the
upper part of the lungs and abdominal
breathing. The first is peculiar to wom
en, largely because the custom of wear-
Ing tight bands and corsets makes it
almost impossible for the lower ribs to
expand, hence the upper chest muscles
do the work largely and, of course, the
low'er air cells of the lungs suffer. In
abdominal breathing the abdominal
wall is forced outward as the dia
phragm falls downward, while the
chest remains almost Immovable. The
only way to obtain the life-giving bene
fits of full breathing 13 to loosen the
clothing about the waist and chest
and practice breathing a3 often as
time and strength will permit, clad
only in a gown which hangs free from
the shoulders.
doubt that white underlinen is now
being asked for and sold in far greater
excess than anything colored. To be
sure, pretty dotted muslins are being
used more than the plain fabric, and
if you really want some color, em
broider dots or tiny flowers in some
dainty color and use the same tone in
the ribbon effect. Silk petticoats made
of soft colors like champagne-yellow,
trimmed with point d'esprit, are much
used, though the dainty, fluffy white
one is worn by the women who are
well gowned.
nothing of the kind in the house, put
a little violet water or any good toilet
water for that matter into the* water
and use it and you will find it will
serve quite as well.
dances In her mind cannot be ex
pected to remember whether such a
tiny thing as an apron has strings in it
or not. And that Is one of her biggest,
mistakes if she did but realize it. Every
man, no matter how old or how young,
likes to see a woman interested In a
home, in short, to be more or less do
mesticated. And If she hasn't any
strings on her apron she certainly can
not hope to tie him to them.
Bags eralore are ma"3e from the old
fashioned bandanas. Just the plain
reds and blues that have been consid
ered too homely and too plain for any '
use. But they are just the very thing
for combing bags, for seaside bags and
even for soiled clothes bags. Of a
truth there is scarcely a material that
Is used for such articles on the market
any more, for the 'kerchief, with its
variety of colors, its cheapness and its
popularity, is king of the cotton and
linen department. If you don't believe
It, Miss Skeptical, go look at the end
less variety and be duly convinced.
The apron does not consist merely of
a bit of elastic,, though of a truth it is
not much more difficult to fashion. The
handkerchief Is turned V-shaped and
a piece cut off the top so that It will
gather neatly into a band. And this
little piece, by the way,\ serves as the
pocket a little later on. Embroidery
makes a pretty finish, but plain lawn
gathered Into a soft ruffle really is
more fit. for it does not conflict in any
way with the design of the handker
chief; in fact its very plainness adds
rather than detracts. The same mate
rial should be used for the long strings,
for while ribbon bows are more fetch
ing, they are a decided nuisance when
it comes to tubbing, for they must" be
taken off, pressed and sewed neatly in
place again before the apron can be
donned, and the fly-away girl who has
a long list r of teas, receptions and
The collar is put. on as one fancies.
The square part in the front, with the
peaks In the back, falling between the
shoulders or exactly reversed, for it is
about the only difference that is per
mitted one, barring color and pattern
of course.
The manufacturer has been exceed
ingly wily about the colors, by the
way, for search as one may, it is im
possible to h'nd the same silks in a
shop that are so easily found made up,
but as there are scores that are manu
factured for the express convenience of
the feddy girl, she has an endless sup
ply from which to pick and choosa.
There are some lassies who like a
touch of pink or blue on their lingerie
and so they have taken to the 'kerchief,
too, for it serves their purpose very
nicely. The gentleman's size is much
more useful, and, besides, they seem to
come in prettier colors, for they can be
had with a border of almost any dain
ty shade. ' The plain, straight border,
with its hemstitched edge, may . be
used, trimmed with lace or not, just "as
one pleases, or the Corners may be put
together with insertion and made into
a very swagger V-shaped fancy trim
ming. Especially fit are these when
made into complete sets, and the girl
who has a hobby of a certain color may
ride it to a finish.
The softest, most becoming dusting
caps and the most bewitching choco
late or .coffee aprons are fashioned
from these linen 'kerchiefs as well.
When miladi wishes to putter about a
little and pretend that she really takes
an unusual Interest in her home she
places or.e of these little creations on
her head at an angle of forty-five de
grees, arms herself with a dustcloth
•ind sallies forth hoping and praying
that her best friends rnay chance in to
see her.
For - such an exceedingly simple bit
of femininity It- is wonderfully fetch-
Ins- Enough of the border Is left out
to form a fair-sized ruffle, with two
coquettish donkey ears nodding and
looking exceedingly wise as she bends
over the fragile cups and plays with
the bric-a-brac. The finishing touch is
a creat bow of soft satin ribbon, and
lo and behold, her headgear is exquis
itely finished. :7
The back is perfectly straight and
is one full handkerchief. The fronts
are made of another, split down the
center fo that the borders meet direct
ly in front by way c-f a trimming. Then
each sleeve requires one, for skimpy,
tisht-lookir.g effects are more than an
abomination. The sleeves are put in
with a gored effect on the shoulders
and remind one not a little of the rag-
Ian sleeves that were the- smartest of
the smart not Ions since.
When the piece is taken off the to-p
of the sleeves and the neck is cut down
kimono-like in front, there are four
small pieces that seem to be doing
their best to make a collar of them
selves, and, really, it would be too bad
to disappoint them; besides it would be
a case vf sheer waste in the bar
gain.
chiefs that come for this purpose alone,
at takes just four and a bit of skillful
maneuvering.
IP yon arc :ip to ynnff. Miss Sum
n<er Oir!, you'll evolve all sorts and
conditions <;f pretty fluffy things
«"Ut of handkerchiefs. Small ones.
bi;r onw, colored ones and plain
ones. .In fatt. almost any kind, an?/
quality and any. size will turn itself
into something fetching if you but pos-
Eoo the secret of the magic twisL
Kimonos are one of ths most useful
articles and they serve a double pur
pose; too. if one does not care for
them as morning jackets, they make
pretty combing robes and are com
forting to t-Uif on when one is in' a
frrar.d rush— for instance to answer the
telephone.
\The summer girl has quantities of
them, for. forsooth, she has a keen
eye to color and its effect and it would
never do- for hereto appear in a pink
petticoat and a red "throw." Hcr
rors!. So she makes it her business to
match her prettiest skirts. The cham
pagne colored one, trimmed with bil
lows of point tf'esprit, looks its swellest
vith a jacket of white, edged with a
shade of tan and of brown. The im
pertinent red rufiies that switch about
to saucily take a back seat when con
fronted with a dashing: red kimono,
touched up here and there with bits
of black by way of contrast.
. Of course it does not necessarily fol
low that each and every one should be
fashioned of silk, for that would mean
a mint of money. Of the large 'ker-
14
What
Women
Want to
Know
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Beginning Sunday, July 1O,
- ¦*.-«*¦'¦¦ ' / ¦ ¦ - ' ' • - ¦ ••' ¦ . .
By Miriam Micftelson V"-
The three requisites of laclal beauty ar*
Fpxeded features, absence of wrinkles and a!
fine complexion, and *he U & wlie woman.'
ilessed with these favor*, who win itrlv*
h>y erery k'iiu to present*, or. If lost, re-;
•tor* them.
Dr. C*iir>«r Fleth Food, the greatest of,
t-*e-:'.'.fi-rt to-day, is the result of years of
• '.i-dv and experience by Dr. Cherier, »
physician of hicb »!arJlr.r !n his professioa^i
Md h:s preparation Is the only os« In th«
•m-rr'.i r*corn!ze4 er.d indorsed by the medie-
val fr*tern!ty. it is positively th« only
frppTrttlor. known to science wh!efc trltb*
c.t the use of rrrclcJr.rs and tonics will
nurd out t^e bo'icwed. this cheek or,
•rrawT.y r.eck nith flrn. healthy C«tb. For
rtrrorir.s wrinkles from the face, neck and
l.rr.is it acts l:ke nutffic — one appllcatloa
¦ftea mtotrizig a decided lrr.pravement. es-<
pcc'ally r.-riT. the furrow is deep.
Tcr devciopinsr ttc bust or to make the
treaet f.rzn. large end beautiful, nothing 1 '
rar. equacl It. To prevent the breast from
H:-ir.k'.r.z. aiothtrs should always use Dr.
*";-.ar'.es Ftech Food after weanlnjr baby. It
SfU Alto restore a boscm to its natural con-
t'-ur and b~a\iiy lost through this cause.
We earr.e»t:y warn !ad!«>s to avoid eubi
¦tilutes of Dr. Charles Fleih Food. See-
t'.n: t^.e naa-.e and portrait of Dr. Charles'
1* on the hex before purchasing;. We also-
•Ua !&2i«a not to ux« snr other cream oni
the face, as Dr. Cbarlea' Flesh Food i» guari
iiteed not to promote the growth of halr^
On ea!e ct all the principal,. Department
E tores and Druggists.
SPECIAL OFFER-P* ««5
t,( I>r Charles Flesli Food is |1.00 a box. bu|
Ho ir.trod-jce it into thousands of new homes;
Its p:c?r!*tors have decided to rend two (2)i
Luxes to ail who snswer this sdvertlsement
and eesd them 11.00. A A packages are etni
tn piain wrapper, postage prepaid.
fTO EC A camp'te box— Just enoafh tq
¦i i u. w» conrlnce you of the great
irerlt of Dr. Charles Flesh Food— will Vj
• »nt free for 10 cents, which pays for cos.
pi tasilln*;. We r;VJ also send 70a our-
t::w:trated book. "Art of Massace," which)
fcostains all the proper movements for usas*
aarinr tee face, neck and arms, &nd fall
(directions for developlnc the bust. Addreee;
tfi. CHARLES GO.. 138 F«!t&5 St.. Hsi Yortc
A BEAUTIFULTHOSE GRADUATES
his father. :--.:¦:
Be that as It may. It remains ! that,
barring attendance at directors' meet-
Ings and brief sojourns with a stack of
coupons and a pair of scissors at his
banker's, his time was taken up for the
most part with seeing whom he could
assist. He was so tender hearted that
he couldn't bear to even think of suf
fering • without dashing out with his
checkbook and a sterilizing apparatus
to relieve It Whenever there was a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Butting In, Mr. Farrysee was
sure to be on hand with a long speech
concealed somewhere about his person,
which he would unfold on the slightest
provocation, copy having been fur
nished to all the newspapers before
hand. Then he would tell the assem
bled millionaires that he who died rich
died disgraced, although disgrace was
not necessarily a thing that an honest
man . should fear. "What we want Is
more public spirit," he would say, and
the millionaires with their eyes on the
decanters would applaud wildly, and
immediately annex some more of the
spirit in' order to show their full accord
with what had been said. . .. ;
About .the time that the old . man
was ready for the crown that posterity
was carefully preparing for his vener
able brow two or three Impertinent in
vestigating committees began ¦ to get
busy with other . people's affairs • with
the general result that Mr. Farrysee's
mental equilibrium turned several com
plete somersaults without stopping for
breath. It seemed , from- the returns
that while he was holding himself up'
blushing Stella reads her essay on the
"Poetry of Everyday Life." June be
longs to the outgoing seniors and there
will never be another day In all their
future history which will quite com
pare with the one on which they stand
up in the hot crowded hall and re
ceive diplomas. They may wander far
and wide In' the world, but it will be
a long time before the words, "mem
bers of the graduating class," will be
forgotten or the thrill of pride with
which they arose to receive their final
monitions and exhortations.
Ah, you bald-headed old fellow, and
you, staid matron with silvery hair,
do not grow cynical In your old age as
you gaze at the spectacle and say un
der your breath, "Oh, pshaw! what
does It all amount to, anyway? It
will . be soon over and they .will find
the world cold enough when they take
their first plunge." Bather let your
thought fly back to your own callow
yet glorious school days, to the little
red building where you learned your
A B C's, to the academy where you
frolicked' and studied, to the .college
or. university around which gather
some of the most precious memories
of your life. Try to recall, if you can,
the Impulses and the high ambitions
that were yours when you were in
your teens or your early twenties. So
shall the annual recurrence of the
commencement season exhilarate and
Inspire you anew...
And It does mean something to the
youngsters. That meaning lies beneath
OH, yes. there Is a good deal of
fuss and feathers about the
modern commencement. Fond
papas and adoring mammas are
hurried from one function , to an
other. The brass bands and the orators
-from abroad vie with one another for
a hearing. The floral offerings are
weighty and impressive and all the
minor accessories of the occasion help
to, make it the biggest event of the
month. The custom of celebrating the
closing of an academic' year has
spread from the higher ¦ institutions
down through the high and even into
the grammar and intermediate schools
and sometimes the tots In the kinder
garten-are. made to have a dim reali
zation ; of . the fact that they are on
the threshold of a new epoch In their
educational career.
i | And yet these royal June days would
be robbed of half their glory If it were
not the month par excellence of com
mencements.. It Is for our adorable
that, roses bloom in profu
sion and overarching skies take on a
blue not less beautiful than the firma
ment' above Italian ~ plains and mead
ows are adorned In garments of living
green. So : give the fair • young grad
• uates the center. of the stage and let
us "listen attentively while Augustus
discourses attentively upon "The
Causes of Decay in Nations" and the
• ,:. ... . *
the externals of tho celebrations. In tha
glad consciousness that a certain round
of study has been ¦ accomplished . and
certain Just rewards earned. > It Is a
great thing to go through even one
school or one prescribed course, to
have availed one's self of a certain set
of opportunities, and now to be ready
to move on to the next stage .of study
or of action. Make all you can, then.
Mr. . Senior and Miss Senior, of this
golden moment. Exalt the loyalties to
your school, to your class and to your
Ideals of the scholarly life..
How poor the world would be with
out'the pouring Into Its depleted life of
the fresh enthusiasm of these , fair
young graduates tha country over.
Their contribution to the body .politic
cannot easily be calculated.- Before the
advance of this shining host stretchlns
from Maine to California, It seems as if
all the evils of the world would have to
go down. How can shams* and corrup
tions and Intrenched wrongs resist the
onset of the energy, the 'knowledge and
consecration to be found In the boys
and girls, the young men and the
young women who are going out dur
ing these passing, weeks from our edu
cational institutions? The world needs
them sorely and they will not disap
point our hopes.
Only let them realize as they go that
knowledge must be yoked with faith,
learning with loving. If they are to
make themselves tell and attain true
success. For there Is only one thins:
.better than a .thoroughly
¦well-informed mind, and that Is a pure,
unselfish heart.
MR. J. L FARRYSEE was
strong on morality. It didn't
make any difference to him
what other people thought or
did, he was convinced that he
was the sole proprietor and manufac
turer of the only pure brand of moral
ity on the market. All others were base
imitations put up with intent to de
ceive. Most people are fairly scrupu
lous about the great things of moral
ity; they are unwilling to commit mur
der unless they consider that it Is ab
solutely necessary and they will not
rob a bank, at least not unless they
happen to be officially connected with
the institution. There Is also a preju
dice in polite society against throwing
one's gray-haired father out in the
street, at least as long as he can pay
his board and help take care of tha
thildren.
All these things and many more the
average citizen attends to with more
or less care and without taking to him
self much more than a due amount of
pride. But Mr. Farrysee wasn't sat
isfied with any such outline study of a
moral system as that. What he cried
aloud for with the voice of a sewing
machine agent In the wilds of Mich
igan was a system of ethics that
ebould be wind, water and dust proof,
varnished inside and out, guaranteed
Found In vrind and limb, and safe In all
weathers. Most people are honest In
the rough — and the rougher the bet
ter—but they can't always be counted
on to go out of the way to return an
umbrella or to tell the other man about
the Jump in the stock market that he
can expect the day after to-morrow.
Mr. Farrysee regarded these average
individuals as perhaps a shade better
than ordinary assassins, but he was in
clined to the belief that the difference
was scarcely perceptible to the naked
conscience.
The theory on which Mr. Farrysee
regulated his comings and goings and
likewise his stayings was that an hon
est man is the noblest work of God,
and he was accustomed to supplement
this idea with the further statement
that he was about the only perfect
specimen of that rare work now ex
tant. Not only was he strong on hon
esty and the other virtues, but he held
very firmly to the belief that the chief
duty of man is to help his fellow men.
To this end he permitted his name to
parade in large type at the head of
every list of contributors to the fresh
air fund and the free coal fund and
the fund for the assistance of all the
deserving who can prove that they
have been respectable for at least two
consecutive years, it was nothing to
him— except as a source of sadness—
that the majority of men are occupied
principally with the effort ; to corner
the world's visible supply of hundred
dollar bills. ' Let those who would give
their minds : to the accumulation of
sordid although useful and . more or
lees necessary" bank accounts. He
would be satisfied with the modest
competence that he had received 'from
Fables for tHe FoolisH by Nicholas Nemo
STRONG ON MORALITY
before the youth of the land as a shin
ing example of all that a man should
be he was also holding stock in two
or three corporations that were care
fully and elaborately robbing the Gov
ernment, the. public and every one else
in sight. All the railroads that he was
interested. In were charging three prices
for the mail contracts and knocking
the spots off the anti-trust law at every
opportunity. ¦ His pet telegraph com
pany was busily engaged in furnishing
the news of the latest happenings at
all the tracks on the circuits to the
Institutions whose principal function in
llf-j is to separate . sporty young men
from their fathers' money. Most of the
city property that he owned was cov
ered with tenements that would have
made a pig sty look like the Moorish
room at the Waldorf.
To make matters worse. Mr. Farry
see knew all about these things and
was highly Indignant when It was put
up to him to inform the general public
what he was going .to do about it.
To all inquiring friends — from the
newspapers— he replied that these were
private matters and had nothing to do
with him in his public capacity. When
the. Grand Jury camped on his trail,
however, and the District Attorney
started out to make a little call on
him with a fire ladder . and an ax he
suddenly acquired an overdose of ap
oplexy and departed immediately for
the. land where the coupon clips no
longer and the water stock Is furled.
The point that should be emphasized
by Mr. Farrysee's. career is that he not
only,, refused to let his right hand know
wtiat h\B , left hand' was up to, but he
also withheld that very Interesting In
formation ¦ from the rest of the • world.
This i leads us to . the valuable conclu
sion that the reason for • the ' soulless
ness of corporations is to ,be found in
the fact that the directors use up all
of their souls outside of business
hours. -.• .;..-¦• '.":¦ ' ¦- -.-.-.
(Copyright, 1903. by Albert Britt)
milk pan Is considered fit that cannot
Just as well be used for a looking-glass.
The great brass pans hanging under
the penthouse roof outside the cottage
door flash like burnished gold. You
could eat your dinner off the red-tiled
floor but that the deal table, scrubbed
to the color of cream cheese, Is mora
convenient. By each threshold stands
a row of empty sabots, and woe betide
the Dutchman who would dream of
crossing It in anything but his stock
lngtd feet. There is a fashion in sabots.
Every spring they are freshly painted.
One district fancies an orange yellow,
another a red. a third a white, sug
gesting purity, and Innocence. Mem
bers of the smart set Indulge in orna
mentation—a frieze In pink, a star
upon the toe.
Walking in sabots is not as easy aa
It looks. Attempting to run in sa
bots I do not . recommend to the be
ginner. "How do you run in sa-
Maybe to the Dutchman there are
drawbacks. In a Dutch household life
must be one long spring cleaning. No
bots?" I asked a Dutchman once; I
had been experimenting and hurt my
self. "We don't run," answered the
Dutchman. And observation . " has
crooning softly while it labors. What
charms one in Holland is the neatness
and tho cleanliness of all about one.
the waving line of sandy dunes, he
seizes" hold of It, and will not let it go
till it has done its tale of work. The
wind is the Dutchman's servant; be
fore he lets it loose again it has turned
ten thousand mills, has pumped the
water and sawed the wood, has light
ed the town and worked the loom, and
forged the Iron, and driven the great,
slow, silent wherry, and played with
the children in the garden. It Is a
sober wind when it gets back to sea,
worn and wearj', leaving the Dutch
man laughing behind his everlasting
pipe.
There are canals In Holland down
which you pass as through a field' of
wind-blown corn; a soft, low, rustling
murmur even In your ears. It is the
ceaseless whirl of the great mill sails.
Far out at sea the winds are as fool
ish a3 savages, fighting, shrieking,
tearing, purposeless. Here, in the
streets of mills, it is a civilized wind,
FOLKS suffering from Jingoism,
spread-eagleism, chauvinism— all
such like Isms, to whatever coun
try they belong— would be well
advised to take e. tour of Holland. It
U the idea of the moment that «lze
spells happiness. The bigger the coun
try, the better one Is for living there.
The happiest Frenchman cannot possi
bly be as happy as the most wretched
Englishman, for the reason that Eng
land possesses many more thousands of
F(juar<» miles than France possesses.
The Swiss peasant compared with the
Russian serf must, when he looks at
the map of Europe and Asia, feel him
self to be a miserable creature. The
reason that everybody In America Is
happy and good is to be explained by
*he fact that America has an area
equal to that of the entire moon. The
American citizen who has backed the
wrong horse, missed his train and lost
his bag remembers this and feels
reeked up again. According to this ar
pument fishes should be the happiest
of mortals, the sea consisting— at least
¦to Fays my atlas, I have not measured
it myself — of 144,000,000 of square miles.
But', maybe, the sea is also divided in
¦ways we wot not of. Possibly the sar
dine who lives near the Brittany coast is
Fad and discontented because the Nor
wegian sardine Is the proud inhabitant
of a larger sea. Perhaps that is why
he has left the Brittany coast. Ashamed
at b« ing a Brittany sardine, he has emi
grated to Norway, has become a natur
alized Norwegian sardine and Is him
self again. • The happy Londoner on
i oggy. days can warm himself with' the
reflection that the sun never sets on the
'British empire. He does not often see
the sun, but that is a mere detail. He
xtgards himself as the owner of the
tun— the sun begins his little day in the
British empire, ends his little day in
the British empire; for all practical
purposes the sun is part of the British
empire. Foolish people in other coun
tries ?it beneath it and feel warm, but
that is only their ignorance; they do
not know it is a British possession; if
thoy did they would feel cold.
My views on this subject are. I
know, heretical. I cannot get it into
my unpatriotic head that sire is the
only thing worth worrying about. In
England, when I venture to express
my out of date opinions, I. am called
a Little Englander. Jt fretted me at
f.rst. I was becoming a mere shadow.
Rut by now I have got used to it. It
would be the same, I feel, wherever
I went. In New York I should be a
Little American: in Constantinople a
Little Turk. But I wanted to talk
«bout Holland. A holiday In Holland
serves ks a corrective ¦ to exaggerated
imperialistic notions. There are no
7<opr in Holland. They may be an un
happy people, knowing what a little
rountry it is they live in; but, if so,
they bide the fact. To all seeming,
the Dutch peasant, smoking his
pipe, is as much a man as the White
chape! hawker or the moocher. of the
Paris boulevard. I saw a beggar once
in Holland — on the townlet of Enk
hulsen. Crowds were hurrying up
from the side streets to have a look at
him; the idea at first seemed to be
that he was doing it for a bet. , He
turned out to be a Portuguese. They
offered him work on the docks — until
he could get something better to do—
at wages equal in English money to
about 10 shillings a day. I Inquired
about him on my way back through
the town next day and was told he
had borrowed a couple of florins from
the foreman and had left by the even
ly train. It Is not the country for
the loafer. In Holland work is easily
found; this takes away the charm of
looking for it. A farm laborer in
Holland lives in a brick built house of
six rooms, which generally belongs to
him, with an acre or so of ground;
and only eats meat once a day. The
rest of his time he fills up on eggs and
chicken and cheese ffhd beer. But you
rarely hear him- grumble. His wife
and daughter may be- seen on Sundays
¦wearing gold and silver Jewelry worth
from £50 to £100, and there is gener
ally enough old delft and pewter In
jC'cryrisfct. 1904, by Central K«wi *nfl Pr««s
Exchange.)
On colder da vs the women wear
bright colored capes made of fine spun
silk; from underneath the ample folds
of which you sometimes hear a little
cry — and sometimes a littie hooded
head peeps out, regards with prete
natural thoughtfulness the toylike
world without, then dives back into
shelter. .As for the children— women In
miniature, the single difference in dres3
being the gay pinafore — you can only
say of them that they look like Dutch
dolls. But such a plump, contented,
cheerful little dolTs! ". You . remember
the hollow-eyed.- pale-faced dolls you
see swarming in the great big and
therefore .. should-be happy countries,
and wish that more land surface were
of less importance to our statesmen
and our able editors, and the happiness
and well-being of the mere human
items worth. a little more_ of their
thought. The Dutch peasant lives sur
rounded by canals and reaches his cot
tage across a drawbridge. I suppose it
is In the blood of the Dutch child not
to tumble Into the canal, and the Dutch
mother never appears to anticipate
such possibility. One can imagine the
average English mother trying to bring
up a family in a house surrounded by
canals. She would never have a mo
ment's peace until the children were in
bed. But then the mere sight of a ca
nal to the English child suggests the
delights of a sudden and unexpected
bath. I put it to a Dutchman once,
"Did the Dutch child by any chance
ever fall into a canal?" ¦ "Yes," he re
plied, "cases had been known." "Don't
you do anything for it?" I inquired.
"Oh, yes," he answered, "we haul them
out again." "But what I mean is," I
explained, "don't you do anything to
prevent their falling in — to save them
from falling In again?" "Yes," he an
swered, "we spank 'em." There Is al
ways a wind in Holland. It comes
from over the sea. There is nothing to
stay Its .progress. It leaps the low
dykes and sweeps with "a shriek across
the sad soft dunes, and thinks it is go
ing to have a good time and play havoc
in the land. But the Dutchman laughs
behind his great pipe as it comes to
him shouting and roaring. "Welcome,
my hearty, welcome," ' he chuckles,
"come blustering and bragging; the
bigger you are the better I like you."
And when It is once in the land, be
hind-the long, straight dykes, behind
the house to start a local .. museum
anywhere outside of Holland.
On high days and holidays, of which
In Holland there are plenty, the aver
age Dutch vrouw would be well worth
running away with. The Dutch peas
ant girl has no need of an illustrated
Journal once a week to tell her what
the fashion is; she has it ln'thepor
tralt of her mother, or of her grand
mother,- hanging over . . the- glittering
chimney piece. When the Dutch woman
builds a dress she builds it to last; it
descends from mother to. daughter, but
It is made of sound material In the
beginning. A lady friend of mine
thought the Dutch costume would serve
well for a fancy dress ball, bo set about
buying one. But she abandoned the no
tion on learning what it would cost her.
A Dutch girl in her Sunday- clothes must
be worth. fifty pounds before you come'
to ornaments. In certain provinces she
'wears a close : fitting helmet, made,
either of solid silver or of solid gold.
The Dutch gallant, before making him
self known, walks on tiptoe a little
while behind the loved one and looks
at himself in her headdress Just to
make sure that his hat is on straight
and his front curl Just where It ought
to be. In most other European coun
tries national costume Is dying out. The
slop shop is year by year entending its
hideous trade. But the. country of Ru
bens and Rembrandt, of Tenters and
Gerard. Dow, remains still true to art.
The picture postcard does not exagger
ate. The men in thos,e wondrous baggy
knickerbockers, from the pockets of
which you sometimes see a. couple of
chickens' ' heads protruding; in gaudy
mighty sabots, smoking their groat
pipes; the women in their petticoats of
many hues, in gorgeously embroidered
vest, in chemisette of dazzling' white,
crowned with a halo of" many frills, g lt
tering in gold and silver— are not the
creatures of an artist's .fancy. You
meet them In their thousands on holi
day afternoons, walking gravely arm
in arm, flirting with sober pmch sto
lidity. ,. Y;,'
But they tell me it Is not quite right
yet. One needs to save up beforehand
if on© desires to spend any length of
time In Holland. One talks of dear old
England, but the dearest land In all the
world Is little Holland. The florin thera
Is equal to the franc in. France and to
the shilling in England. They tell you
that cigars are cheap In Holland. A
cheap Dutch cigar will last you a day.
It is not until you have forgotten tha
taste of it that you feel you ever want
to smoke again. I knew a man who
reckoned he had saved hundreds o£
pounds by smoking Dutch cigars for a
month steadily. It was years before hs
smoked again.
Watching building operations In Hol
land brings home to you forcibly what
previously you have regarded as a
meaningless formula, namely, that tha
country is built upon piles. A dozen
feet below the level of the street on*
sees the laborers working In fisher
men's boots, up to their knees In water,
driving the great wooden blocks Into
the mud. Many of the older houses
slope forward at such an angle that
you almost fear to pass beneath them.
I should be as nervous as a kitten liv
ing In one of the upper stories. But the
Dutchman leans out of a window, that
Is hanging above the street six feet be
yond the perpendicular and smokes
contentedly. ¦-. .-,»;
They have a merry custom in Holland
of keeping the railway time twenty
minutes ahead of the town time — or is
It twenty minutes behind? I can never
remember when I'm there and I am
not sure now.. The Dutchman himself
never knowa. "You've" plenty of time."
he says, "tho station Is a mile away.
and It is now half -past nine." Tes, but
that means ten-twenty," he answers,
"you have nearly an hour." Five min
utes later he taps you on the shoul
der. "My mistake;. it's twenty to ten.
I was thinking the other way about It.**
Another argues with him that his first
Idea was right. They work it out by
scientific methods. Meanwhile you
have dived Into a cab. The result Is
always the same; you are either forty
minutes too soon or you have missed
the train by twenty minutes. A Dutch
platform Is always crowded with wom
en explaining volubly. to their husbands
either that there was not any need
to have hurried, or else that the thins
would have been to have started half
an hour before they did, the man In
both -cases being, of course, to blame.
The men walk up and down and swear.
The Idea has been suggested. that the
railway time and the town time should
be made to conform. The argument
against the Idea Is that If It were car
ried out then there would be nothing
left to put the Dutchman out and worry
him. ...... .. V- »C'
jrrerred to be that he was right. Tha
batch boy, when he runs, pxxt3 them
tor preference on his hands and uses
them to hit other Dutch boys over the
head as he passes. The roads in Hol
land, straight and level and shaded
all the way with trees, look from the
railway carriage window as If they
•would be good tor cycling:, bat this is
delusion. I crossed in the boat from
Hawwlch once with a well known
black and whits artist and an equally
well known and highly respected hu
morist They had their bicycles with
them, intending to tour Holland. I
met them a fortnight later In Delft,
or, rather. I met their remains. I
was horrified at first; I thought It was
drink. They could not stand still,
they could not sit still, they trembled
and shook In every limb, their teeth
chattered when they tried to talk. Tho
humorist hadn't a joke In him. The
«xtl3t could not have drawn his own
salary: He would have dropped It
on the way to his pocket. The Dutch
roads are paved their entire length
with cobbles — big, round cobbles, over
which your bicycle leaps and springs
and plunges. If you see Holland out
side the big towns a smattering of
Dutch Is necessary- If you know Ger
man there is not much difficulty.
Dutch — I speak as an amateur — ap
pears to be very bad Germa'n.' mispro
nounced. Myself I find my German
goes well In Holland, even better than
In Germany. The Anglo-Saxon should
not attempt the Dutch G. It la hope
less to think of succeeding and the at
tempt has been known to produce in
ternal rupture. The Dutchman ap
pears to keep his G in his stomach
and to haul it up when wanted. My
self, I find the ordinary G preceded
by a hiccough and followed by a sob
the nearest I can get to it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
By The Parson
15
THE LITTLE LAND OF THE HAPPY DUTCHThis is thp;weck thaj the Puzzle Editor is able tonrlnt^the^fnll bne^hundj^ed winners r
and feel just as glad'as cachjone of ; you-are. Tlicy were not so hard, after all, were they— thbsevraUroad
engine, parts, ajid^rriccr.' published b|». June 10? Vor the'-' eight puzzles tliig jvecjk— well,'. jk^t^ec^nowjjbw
much you really know. ,-.* [ ,7,;,' •" - .; ':'*t'' f "."'..' ' V ' H . .' 'i.- % ¦•• v
t them:
There isn't one of yo*i ?tliat jlnisij't, read jBbout:«Indians, played Indian and maybe even'seen real live
Indians. Here, is your chancp to'sbbw^what you know about the', noulc red man with Ids ibmahawk and,^
feathers aifd paint. There are Jclghl: .tribes rcpix'ae^itdd in these .eight pictures. ..„¦—.* \~~. - .... *
But, ciilidrcn*,*' pay*^strict fomethiijs -tUjp l*iizzle Editor wants to speak of par
tfciiktrly. You inust* not gorily gl «?c< j^ur'iipme 5»nd - tlio toj^f-^and -c State* u herein V*>" live, but the. street or
¦ pustofllcu number. TJifs ,is important' bcV-rfusa many boolcs- have been returned because of fntorrect ad- .
dresses; And don't, iorzet^ tfce ,'ea,iler$';of honor.^ ; - ; . ' t ! , .
And remember -this: -Yon will all • have' a chance not only to win one of those 150 .prizes, bat set
*• your picture v published r«s welL; T Tlie Puzzle Editor-' wants all the prize 'winners to send In their picture*;
•.—the wbolo.vl 50 > .every week -if 'possible. now. -Don't wall.. The more tho merrier. Ther*
'''can't be tooJmkiijL But remember, only' tlieLifM'izetwinners can liave their iiicturcs published. . ....*. *-{¦¦
PLKASEvDON'T SEND IN ANY TINTYPE PICTURES OR PROOFS THAT ARE UNTONKu — which
means that thcyi %v^irfade as soon as they are exposed to the sun, and don't forget to write your name and
address on the back 'of each and' every photograph. And by ail means be nure that you aro a prize wln«
-Vner before you send^ hi any' picture "at \all."; ¦ ;.•'•. '\. '¦?„' : . -. •
THERE AIU3 ONK'UU^l»itKl>; AND FIITEtY PRIZES, and this la what you must ao to win on* ol
-.'. (.• Find the correct names of' Indian -.tribes on this page and write them out. in the space opposite the
proper corresponding numbers provided, for the purpose, in the coupohon this page, as per directions; fill In
th^coupon with your name and address and, the prize !you desire — if . you win — and send the coupon to the
EDITOR OF THE NAME. PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday 7 Call, San Francisco, CaL
' REMESIBER— To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND.FlJTx" BOYS A2H> :GIKLS who solve the elghl
"'Kome Puzzles correctly, one of these OXE HUNDRED AND FIFTY; BE AUTTFCL PRIZES will be atrarded.
And don't forset this next point, becaiise it is very Important: AltL ANSWERS MUST. REACH
» TH^4> OFFICE. Bx*i FRED AY NOON. ; Tli : ' > iH ;^; t^rtIio^ V^^».'.w™?^f"* equal, chance to compete.
•Head everj thins on this pajc, to be. "sure that yoa overlook notbinx that will help you to win a prize.
\, ' * ... THE NAMES ; OF; THE ' LUCKY WINNERS WIXJj BE' PUBLOSHE1> US' THE SUXDAl' CAUL. TWO
¦WEEKS FROM TO-DAY,!/ Jniy 17. ' ¦ ; '
/-These are the TWKXTY BEAUTUULi BOOKS from which 'yon may choose if yon solve all the pox.
ties correctly: .. '. \ .-'¦.'; / .'" ' ' .' " ' ' .* ' ' :
Abbe Constantin, by Halevy; A Christmas Caroirby DIctens: Ethics of the Dost, by Raskin; Heroer
and Hero Worship, by Carl jie; Kidnaped, by Stevenson: Knickerbocker's History of Nctr^York. by Irrlnjc;
Lmdle, by Meredith: Mine Own Pcople,\ by KipUng; The Pilgrim's Progress,' by Bnhyan; Pleasures 'of ¦ life,
by Lnbbock; Rob and His Friends, by Brown; Rip Van Winkle, by Irving; Samantha at Saratoga, by' Hoi.
ley; Tnn<rlewood Tales, by; Hawthorne';, Tom Brown's School Days, by Hushes; -Treasure Island, by Steven
son; l\vico Told Tales, by Hawthorne; Undo Tom'a Cabin, 1 by Stowe; A Wonder Book, by Hawthorne; Plu
tarch's Lives. ,....;.¦,¦ ¦ ,,:.-.'*•. •'-". •" '{•. \ -, .<.-• '•,< - -•¦"..- , '. : • ¦ -j ¦ .\. . ¦i:.\' ¦'-¦:'. '¦ ¦.¦•.". ¦ •¦ •
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
lington, 521 South Aurora street v Slpck
ton; Timothy „ Pfluger, j.1015 . Guerrero
street, San Francisco; / Flo Robinson,^
G ridley, Butte ' 'County'; . E'. r Kennedy. .
707 I street, Sacramento Allison "Rouse,;
304 Goshen r .. avenue, Visalia; Frank
O'Brien, Gilroy.j(R. D. 25;" Jane Brkun, ,
C23 Branclforte*-, street, Vallejo; -/Alice;
Kern. Nofd : /street,;' Nord ; ' Gertyu^e
Driscoll. 839 T-oiiis^ana- street, Vallejo;
Ernest. Spedding,"4l8 'Wayerly^street,
Palo Alto; Paul 'vDjunkhorst,' 2815 H J
street, Sacramento; .- Margaret/,"Smith,~,
1257 Union- street, 1 'San 'Francisco;' W.
Foster,'^Gibbs," Santa' Cruz County;
Alice Putmah, f 410-N street..' StocTcton;.
Addie Jones^ GIbbs,* Santa' Cruz Coun-'
ty; Esnie Morehead.,767 Sixth avenue,
San Francisco;, Janet 'Cobb, 280 North
ThirS street," San. Jose; Nellie Schebe,
1537 Ninth » avenue,^ San . Francisco;
Olivia Smith, 428 Eighth street. Santa
Rcsa; Zilla Moore. : Duncans Mills; Ede
menia Comachb, box 38, San Learidrb; 1
Josie Hough, Walnut Creek; Pearl Van
Meter, Lafayette; George Brown, Wal
nut Creek: Milton Smith, 1039 Howard'
street, San Francisco; Mamie Smith,
103j Howard street, San Fran
cisco; Marcelle Meroel, 2256 Mis
sion street, San Francisco; Eleanor
Palmer, ( Main street, Martinez; Burs
ley Palmer, Main street, Martlnea;'
Willie Cain, 322 Alvarado strMt. Man.
THESE are the lucky 150 prize win
ners in the puzzle contest. The
names of the various parts of a
railroad engine and the kinds of
i aces imblished in The Sunday Call
June 19:
Amelia Brusco. 1028 Montgomery
street, San Francisco; Winifred Lind
say. Broderick. Yolo County; Tillie
French, L'25 E street. San Rafael; Edna
BfjnmllZKj 4S6 Sanchez street, San Fran
t isco; Hose Wolf, 3S."3 West street, Oak
land: Margaret Boyer, 1106 Willow
street. Oakland; Eugene Ingersoll.
Eighth street, Tracy; Louise HIgel. 411
Virginia street, Vallejo; Tommy Sharp.
1^17 Buena Vista street, Los Angeles;
H. Coffey, C00 Twenty-third street, Sac
rair.ento; Arthur Juenger. -266 South
Main street, Los Angeles; Dorothy
Kowe, 23"S D street, San Diego; Gladys
Schulte, 31HA Dolores street, San Fran
cisco; Ellsworth Mellon, 379 Alcatraz
avenue, Oakland; Ruth Cameron, 366
Ninth street, Oakland; Walter Mires.
3116 Fillmore street, San Francisco;
Nona Lindsey, Capay; Stanley Fulla
love. 2S0C Pine street, San Francisco;
1'mmett Daley, Main street, Martinez;
J. Batie Dickson, box 21, Petaluma;
Susi« Hocper, 924 Filbert street, Oak
land: John Wirts, box 4S1, Vacaville;
ingaborg: Stensrud. 2446 Eighteenth
Ftreet, San Francisco; Gertrude de Lan
eey, 518 N street, Sacramento; Frieda
Meento, 1001 Shattuck avenue. Berke
ley; Evelyn Dietrick, 1S38 Parker street,
Berkeley: Mabel Harrington, 1529 Carl
ton street. Berkeley: Stirling Coulter,
Ellis street. Santa Rosa; Ruth Dunck
horst, 2S15 H street, Sacramento; Louise
Gobar. San Juan; Castle Gallup, 1517
Fourteenth street, Sacramento; Joseph
Schmitz. 323 Grant avenue,- San Fran
cisco; Eliza Losh. box So, Suisun; Ver
ra Clrmence, El Dorado; Annie Eeaver,
335. East Washington street, Stock
ton; Ralph Braun. 873 Church street,
"San Francisco; Frank Perdlgast, 230
York street, Vallejo; Lonvon Pi-ather.
Solano street, Suisun; G. J. Greene,
120 ! Carolina street, . Vallejo; Mar
guerite Wunsenberg, 327 York street,
Vallejo; Allen Mechem, 230 York
street. Vallejo; Ethel Adams, 1521
Twelfth avenue. South San Francisco;
Elvera Hoos, 1674 Twelfth street,
Oakland; Ethel Pease, Falk, Hum
boldt County; Clay Locke, 1701 K
street. Sacramento; C. Shannon, Nord,
CaL; Hazel Hanson, XUes; Irene Wi's
fcir.g, 240 Fourteenth street, San Fran
cisco; Jack Liguon Jr., Agnew; John
I oilis, box S3. Gridley; Horace Wall
ing, 213 Jones street* San Francisco;
Alired Abrahamsen, • 526 Harrison
street. San Francisco; Frank Camp
bell, Seaside, Monterey; C. E. r Hus
sey, 400 Eldorado street, Vallejo;
Kdin Shaw. San - Quentin;- Miriam
Bronddus. Agnew; Winnie Williams,
1C83 Twelfth street, "West Oakland;
Znida Cox, 1401 Twenty-first ave
nue. East Oakland; Charley Whistler,
SCI' Willow street, Oakland; Stella
Jessen, 220 First street, Watsonville;
K. N'adibe Atwood. 11 Sadie street,
Santa. Cruz; Genevieve •Kerdell, - 1529
Sherman street, Alameda; Martha
HuJTakcr, Allendale: Willie White, 823
M street. Sacramento; Byna Williams,
104 West Park street, Stockton; Alice
Mayberry, Antioch; Otto. Dillon, • 530
Xorth Pilgrim street. Stockton;. Hubert
Soher. care Mrs. -Matthias. Del Monte,
Monterey; Milton Moss, 2821 Lamina
street, San Francisco; Ruth Anderson.
1625 Eddy street. \ San Francisco:
Krankie Murray, Sausalito; Howard
Gee. 725 Louisiana ctreet, Vallejo:
Ina Dunlap, Oakdale; L. C. White, 207
Crocker building, San ' Francisco;
Gretta Shine, box 86. Antioch; Jimmy
Clark Jr.. 2318 Bryant street, San
Francisco: Harry Segelcke. 1507 Bu
chanan street, San Francisco; Marie
Ross," box 22. Antioch: Philip Murray.
Sausalito; Edna Schulte, 1612 Chapin
street, Alameda; Mary Lee, box 279.
Kern City. Carrie Chrisman, 74 Tait
avenue, Lcs Gatos; Edith Frazier. 2731
K street. Sacramento; Dot Egilbert,
804 Market street, San Francisco; Mer
vyn Farmer, 543 First street. Wood
land; Alice Munz, Nord street, Nord;
Bessie Boyer, 1106 Willow street, Oak
land; Willie Dunsmore, 1766 Seveuth
street, Oakland; J. Mathes, 862 Castro
6treet. Oakland; Fred Musso, 166 South
First street, San Jose; Minnie King,
HZS Bay street, Alameda; Daniel Mar
tin, 1620 Central avenue, San Francisco;
Henr*-*ta Coatatc Kmhura*,: M. «J- Al-
TJhese Are tKe
Lucky I5O
Prize Wmr&ers
June 19.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
terey;, Walter- Farnlacher, 2701 Sutter
street, San Francisco; Margery Glass,
150S California street. San 'Francisco;
Leroy . Gilbert, 530 South' Ninth . street,'
San Jose; Dorothy Plummer, . Ceriter
ville; Ollie Mires. 3116 Fillmore street.
San Francisco; T. Tessie Schenk, 824
Harrison street, San Francisco;. Sarah
Itapken, 2445 Sutter street, San -Fran
cisco; Anna Schoenlns. 473 Sixth street,
Oakland; Marion Smith; 346 Arlington
street, .San Francisco; Perrie Doran,
1037 "Howard^ street, San Francisco;
Mollie Smith/ 124. Eleventh street. San
Francisco'; D.' Johnson, 1446 Clay street,
San Francisco; Mabel Lund, box. 178,
Sulsun; William .Roegel, 96 Cumber
land street, -San Francisco; 'Jennie
Pearson; 1614 Tyler >treet. South Ber
keley; Mary • Francis, Ross. Marln
County; Ruth Bailey, 652 • Twentieth
street, Oakland; Maud Paddock,' FaroV
ington, Whitman* County. .Washington;
Irene Woods, 4090 San Pablo avenue,
Emeryville; : Janet. Hughes, 346 Arling
ton .street, -San, Francisco; -Bernice
Westbay. 105 East Magnolia street,
Stockton; Russell Pettingill. S23 Fifth
street. Eureka; H. Hood, box 26. Frult
vale;-Ella Minor, 115 B street. San Ra
fael; George -Calney/ 736 Minna street,
San Francisco; James -Main, Goleta;
Violet White. ' 1264 "¦ TweHta avenue.
Bast Oakland. :
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve tha Puzzlas,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, &F.
To Pnzile Kdltor. Sunday Oalt
Pan Krancl.«co:
BcIomv tn inelr proper nam-
pl^ai«e fln»l iht «nltitlon ot
the Indian tribes reproduced hi
this week's name puzzles:
1 ..? — -..
a
4 ii i i ¦ ¦ ii n m ¦¦
* I ¦ IIMIWIM M — lll— __
• 1 ¦¦¦¦— ij
T '
'9 ..........
July 3, 1904.
Name »•••>•»••••••»•«•
/
Street or -*. O
City
St«te
If 1 win I choose for prize
(See list of Frlxea.>WARSAW, Poland, July 2.— The
prison of Paurak is crowded with po
litical offenders. Recently a boy of 11
named Czarmobrody. a young college
student, was arrested charged with se
ditious conduct. The hardships of
prison life proved too much for him
and the indignation of ni3 fellow pris
oners knew no bounds. One hundred
of them refused to eat until the lad
was set at liberty. ' For three days the
authorities stood out and finding the
.prisoners firm released the boy.
Prisoners Starve to Feed Boys.
b^en Invaded. At all costs the Grand-
Lama is to be taught that he cannot
say "howdy" to the Czar and keep
British emissaries cooling their heels
in the snows at the gateways of his
territory. Especially when the Russian
bear has a big fight on his hands and
cannot use his teeth and claws "in
other directions^ It . has already cost
the lives of several hundred wretched
Tibetans. What the end of it. will be
no one can foresee. Only by the con
tinued exercise of the persuasive pow-*
ers of guns and bayonets can the Tibe
tans be got to yield obedience' to any
treaty which disregards their tradi
tional policy of the exclusion of the
white race. If a British resident were
stationed at Lhassa to look out "for
British interests and counteract Rus
sian intrigues he would very soon be
murdered unless a strong British force
were kept there • to protect him. So
excellent an authority as Sir Henry
Cotton, formerly Chief Secretary to the
Government of Bengal, declares that a
Russian invasion of India ' through
Tibet is a physical impossibility. Sven
Hedln, who came near losing his life
in an attempt to reach Lhassa, has told
of the impenetrable barriers that in
terpose between ¦ it and the Russian
boundary, which is. thrice ; the', distance
of the Indian frontier from it; Looked
at from a. commonserise* standpoint the
Tibejtan expedition Is a big blunder. In
view of the slaughter of the natives it
has entailed it _ might be - termed some
thing far worse.- British newspapers
that are how vigorously applauding Hhe
expedition would not hesitate to bo
They secured a postponement of the
advance *of the mission from Tuna
while the Lamas held a commination
service at Guru, and for the space of
three days solemnly • anc devoutly
cursed, denounced, execrated, anathem
atized and consigned to everlasting per
dition the British invaders. It reminds
one of the story, told in the Ingoldsby
Legends when the Cardinal fell upon
the Jackdaw of Rheims, and
• • • cursed him In eating, he cursed him
. In. drinklnz.
He ' cursed him In coughing. In sneezing, in
winking:; ¦ .1
He cursed him In sitting. In standing, in lying;
He cursed him In walking, in riding, in flying;
He cursed him > In living, he cursed him In
dying.
-Ntvtx waa beard tuca a UrrtUt cum I
regard It as a means of national de
fense. Again ; and again they allowed
the British expedition to thread its ant
like way through passes where a few
resolute men might have held a whole
army at bay, while from a safe distance
they hurled maledictions upon it. And
when they would have been wiser to
have stuck to their imprecations they
fought and were slaughtered.- .
they regard as a blessed and natural
means j of - protection from the cold. By
lo'ngr training and the Influence of her
edity they have rendered their olfac
tory organs indifferent to odors that a
European, would find "absolutely unen
durable. .f/For lyinff, " they have a nat
ural talent which they assiduously cul
tivate. [' In, their, hodge podge of a re
ligion, which 'has very little of genuine
Buddhism left in it, devils play a more
Important .part; than deities. This ac
counts '. for ~ their ! partiality for them.
Sticking out the tongue with them,
instead of, being an insulting gesture,
is a; form "of salutation which takes the
place ; of the, hand shake.
In ;prbportion to the population la
massaries,* as '[ their monasteries are
termodj are about as numerous as sa
loons -in * the centers of Anglo-Saxon
elvilizatl6n; : ' They are the jnost priest
ridden ,- people ' on earth. One monk to
a family \ls about the average." Most
of 'their .praying : Is done : mechanically
by^ means ' of praylrig , wheels- . It is in
cursing; they exert most energy ; and
have the s tronffest abiding faith. They
stigmatize it if Russia had "played the
game" in a similar, fashion.
MATRIMONIALLY ECONOMICAI*.
Accounts receive'd from the expedl-*
tion confirm' the previous reports of ad
venturous that the Tibetans
are. a r most -undesirable people with
whom • to cloee relations." A
Japanese .^traveler who recently suc
ceeded in t reaching Lhassa and pub
lished his 2 impressions - declares ' that
the serious' faults ; of the Tibetans are
only four -in" number: , (1)' They are
very lewd; ' ((2) they * are Incredibly
dirty; (3) they, lie without limit; (4)
their tas,te. in art runs chiefly, to brass
devils with protruding tongues. As to
their virtues the Jap says he made dili
gent search for" them but "failed to find
anything which could be so described."
The - Tibetans are matrimonially a
very economical people, because their
country doesr not contain subsistence
,for an- increase" of -population. Hence
the rule • of 'one wife to several " hus
bands. • Their; climate does not ; encour
age ¦ ablutions. , Accumulations of dirt
THE YOUNG BNGLISH OFFICERWHO IS LEADING HIS SOLDIERS INTO TIBET.
"The dance, given by Lord and Lady
Farquhar was and will be the smartest
of past and future private events of
the year. Not only were the King and
Queen there, but also the Duchess of
Saxe-Coburg and her daughter. Prin
cess Beatrice, who wore an all white
dress of the simplest description.
"Really the sensation of the night
was Mrs. John Jacob Astor, who also
was at the royal ball at Devonshire
House and who creates quite a stir
wherever she goes. At Lady Farquhar's
there was a little crowd around her
all the evening to look. at her."
American Woman Is Said to Create
a Stir Whenever She
Goes Oat.
LONDON, July 2.— Mrs. John Jacob %
Astor's good looks are causing quite
a stir. An English society newspaper
says:
MRS. JOHN" JACOB ASTOR
THE RAGE IN LONDON
For at Guru the British force turned
up as fit as a fiddle. And there it was
that, resenting being disarmed, the Ti
betans, under the worst possible con
ditions for themselves, being huddled
together in an inclosure, first tried a
little fighting. With their antiquated
weapons against magazine rlCes, ma
chine guns and disciplined troops, they
fared much as a pack of sheep would
have done that had turned on a lot of
lions. Hundreds of them were slain.
Nothing could more strikingly reveal
the Jingo spirit— Imperialism 13 the
popular name for it — which at present
possesses the British public, than this
comment of a London journal: "It
speaks in the highest praise of the
discipline of our men that the whole
(Tibetan) force was not exterminated.
The lesson taught the priestly fanatics
of Lhassa has been a sharp one (> but it
cannot end here. This fray furnishes
a perfect illustration of the arrogant
Ignorance and overweening folly *of the
Lamas." Patriotism begets a strange
form of mental astigmatism.
One result of the expedition has been
the discovery of the filthiest town on
earth. Phari is its name, which In the
Tibet language means "pig hill," a very
appropriate designation, save that it
necessitates some apologies to the pig.
Nothing has ever been cleaned at
Phari since It was built, and it is es
timated that the fort is some 400 years
old. In the best quarters of the town
where the houses are two-storied, the
accumulation of filth rises- to the first
floor windows and trenches have to be
dug in the malodorous mess to reach
the doors. "In the middle of the
street, between the two banks of filth
and offal," writes a correspondent,
"runs a stinking channel which thaws
daily. In it horns, bones and skulls of
various beasts eaten by the Tibetans lie
till the dogs and ravens have picked
them clean enough to be used in the
mortared walls and thresholds. The
stench is fearful. Half decayed corpses
of dogs He cuddlied up with their
mangy but surviving brothers and sis
ters, "who do not resent the ravens. A
curdled and filthy torrent flows through
the market place and half-breed yaks
shove the sore-eyed and mouth-ulcered
children aside to drink at it. The men
and women, clothes and faces alike, are
as black as the peat walls that form
a background to every scene. They
have never washed themselves. They
never Intend to wash themselves. In
grained dirt to an extent that it would
be Impossible to describe reduces what
would otherwise be a clear, sallow -
skinned but good complexloned race to
a collection of foul and grotesque
negroes."
Phari Is 15,000 feet above sea level
and the fearful cold, accentuated often
by an icy, grit-laden north wind, fur
nishes some palliation for this state of
affairs. "Water is obtainable only when
the snow melts. The only available
fuel is dried yak-dung. The acrid,
greasy fumes, of these fires coat the
interiors of the squat hovels with lay
ers of soot which are never removed
and blacken the faces and garments'
of the inmates. The married women
of Tibet are compelled to disfigure their
brows and cheeks with kutch, a prepa
ration resembling dried blood, and it
Is probable they rather welcome tha
dirt which conceals the signs of matri
monial bondage.
And after this vast expenditure of
pious maledictions very true it must
have been that among the poor, super
stitious Tibetans
• • • what* rav» rta«
To so little surprise.
Nobody seemed one peony th» worse.
DERTIEST TOWN OX EARTH.
That gave the whole thing away.
?Cot for disregarding treaty obligations
imposed upon it by another power, but
for hobnobbing with Russia, Tibet has
'Ihat it (Tibet) should remain in the
hands of allies and frien<ls, but If un
friendly influences creep up and lodge
under our walls we are compelled. to
intervene, because danger would there
by grow; up and menace our security.
1 have no desire to push on anywhere,
but I would suffer any imputation
rather than be an unfaithful sentinel
and ajlow the future peace of the coun
try to be compromised by encroach
ments from cutside which would only
have one meaning."
U> are quite content," he said.
It was this that brought that black
bogey of India, the Russian bear, into
the game. Russia and China were
asked to explain. They replied to the
effect that the mission to St. Peters
burg was merely intended to convey
to th*» Czar the assurance of the Daila
Lama's distinguished consideration;
that it was absolutely devoid of politi
cal significance, and so on. Russian
denials are mostly construed by the
British Government as incriminating
admissions and what that huge Jelly
fish China says does not count. Lord
Ourzon, as Viceroy of India, saw
visions of Russia's insidious and dan
rcrous encroachments on the Ind'an
frontier.
ed that desire it is Tibet. Fenced
round by almost impenetrable moun
tains among the loftiest on the globe.
this vast plateau, in extent about eight
times the area of Great Britain, is by
reason of its great altitude, ranging
from 10,000 to 17,000 feet, absolutely de
void of almost everything that civil
ize d man can covet. For the most
part it Is a treeless wilderness of
dreary steppes— truly a forbidding as
¦well as a forbidden land. It is not
worth possessing. What trade could
b» done by Its wretched inhabitants
would not in many years suffice to de
fray the cost of the present expedition.
The pretext" officially put forward for
the expedition is the failure of Tibet
to comply with the treaty obligations
of 1SS3. Three years prior to that
Tibetans raided the Indian vassal state
of Sikkim. A British force drove them
out. Then followed negotiations, not
with Tibet, but with China, which ex
ercises a suzerainty over Tibet. The
result was. some sort of a treaty by
which China, on behalf of Tibet— Tibet
had no say In the business — agreed
that the restrictions to trade with
India imposed by Tibet snould be re
laxed and a new frontier market
opened. The Tibetans paid little heed
to the treaty. They <3ic open a new
frontier market — on the top of an In
accessible hill— and laughed over their
Jcke. And in general they continued
to play the leave-me-alone game In the
same old way. So things jogged along
for many years. The ln<JIan Govern
rncnt recognized that the matter was
not worth fussing: about. Then it was
discovered that a Russian agent, Dor-
Eteff, *ho being a Mongolian Buddhist
¦5V a 3 not subject to the operations of
the European exclusion set, had estab
lished himself at Lhassa.. Worse than
this the Daila Lama, the sacred Yellow
:Pope of Tibet, dispatched a mission to
£t. Petersburg.
RUSSIAN BEAR AT WORK.
Tibet wants to be let alone. And
if there Is one land under the sun
where nature seems to have safeguard-
LONDON. July 1— Ab a feat In mili
tary transport Hannibal's famed pass
are cf the Alps Is dwarfed to insignifi
cance by comparison with what has
been accomplished by the little British
army, which, under the guise cf a
political and commercial mission, has
Invaded the forbidden land of Tibet In
pursuit of a bogey.
Startlcg from Slllguri In the warm
plains below Darjeellng, very little
above eea level, the expedition has
rllmbed the Himalayas by the most
stupendous natural staircase In the
world, despite obstacles that would
have taxed the Ingenuity of an experi
enced mountain goat, forcing: its way
upward into the region of the eternal
kow and Ice, threading Its way
through passes above the clouds and
camping in one place sixteen thousand
feet above sea level, higher up than
the summit of Mont Blanc, the tallest
mountain in Europe. Mules failed
them, camels succumbed, yaks perished
by the thousand, but these Indomitable
ecldiere, aided by Baltie coolies, pushed
forward, taking -with them the guns
and the stores where no four-footed
animals could carry them and treading
¦where feet of white men had never trod
before.
The passage cf this British, force led
by Colonel Younghusband Into the
heretofore inaccessible land of dark
mystery and fateful fascination consti
tutes the most brilliant and thrilling
achievement of military mountaineer
ing that history records. But for what
has it been done? To compel a barbar
ous people who, urged by some Instinct
of self-preservation, have passed an
act of exclusion against all Europeans
to enter into political and trade rela
tions with the empire — to bring them
¦within the sphere of British Influence.
WANT TO BE LEFT ALONE.
Hazardous Game
Mot Worth an
Effort. -J
Terrible Trials of
the English
Troops.
INVASION OF TIBET A GREAT MILITARY FEAT, BUT FRAUGHT
WITH PERIL AND WOE UNKNOWN TO MODERN WARFARE
Land Forbidding
and Forbidden
to Aliens.
People Worship
Devils, Not
Deities.
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.Ancient Orcjer of Workmen.
The committee of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen having charge of
the i picnic , that Is to be given at El
Campo, on July 16, has completed all
arrangements for that event and," from
indications, it looksias If. this will.be
the grandest outing that has ever been
American Foresters.
The social evening of Court Inde
pendence of the Foresters of America
on the evening of June 24 in the social
hall of the Alcazar building was well
attended and proved a complete suc
cess. There was a good programme of
tctertainment, also a well arranged
The Druids.
The following shows the increase in
the United :. Ancient Order of Druids
since 1899. The membership given is
that on the first day of June of each
year. 1899, 3901 members, 1900, term of
James . F. j Martlnoni. as noble grand
arch; 6061, net gain 1160, percentage of
gain 30; 1901, j term of Henry Lange,
5931, net gain of, 870 or 17 per cent: 1902.
Knights of Honor.
At a meeting of the Past Dictators'
Association held last week, it was de
cided to postpone the meeting that had
been called for the purpose of forming
a ladles' auxiliary, until- July_a^It was
also decided that the next entertain
ment to be given under the auspices
of this association- shall be held on
The Amaranths.
At the recent session of the Supreme
Council of the Rite of Adoption of the
World of the Order of the Amaranth
held In New York City. Mrs. Addle L.'
Ballou of Crescent Court No. 3 of San
Francisco was unanimously elected su
preme associate matron and was duly
installed as such by H. J. Kelly, grand
royal patron, at the last session of
Crescent Court, of which she wa» the
promoter and first royal matron and
from which she has advanced year
after year in the Supreme Council.
Royal Achates.
San Francisco Lodge No. 25 of the
Royal Achates gave a social in the
Pythian Castle on the evening of June
21, which was well attended. There was
good music to dance by and there was
a long programme of dance numbers
that was strictly up to date, as it was
prepared by a well known dancing mas
ter. Between dance numbers there
were vocal and lnstrumentalselectidns.
The affair was under the direction of
W. L. Blythe, Mrs. J. Newbert, Helen
L. McKee, Professor William N. Din
gle and Mrs. S. L. Wright, the latter
acting as chairman. , During intermis
sion the lodge served a collation in the
banquet hall.
Order of Scottish Clans.
Lady Lovat Lodge, the ladies* auxil
iary to Clan Fraser, Order o* Scottish
Clanr. at its last held meeting In Find
lay Hall on Seventeenth street, after
the routine of business, presented a
very enjoyable programme of entertain
ment, which was followed by the serv
ing of Ice cream and a collation, and
then dancing until the clock told of the
hour of midnight, when "Auld Lang
Syne" was sung. The affair was car
ried out under the direction of Mrs
McCullum. Mrs. M. Boyle. Miss Jean
Manwell. Mrs. Simon Fraser, Mrs. John
McFirlane, Mrs. A. M. Maepherson and
Mrs. F. A. GUson.
Native Daughters.
Grand President Mrs. Ella Cami
netti of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West has appointed all her
deputies for the current term. Those
for San Francisco are:
Mrs. J. J. Neubarth of Buena Vista
Parlor for Minerva and La Vespero
parlors; Fannie E. Edwards. of Da
rina for Oro Flnq and Calaveras; Lena
Wilson of Minerva for Orinda and
Gabrielle; Do^ly Bradley of Oro
Fino for Fremont and Darina; Susia
E. Christ of Yosemite for Buena Vis
ta and Golden State; _ Mae O'Connor
of La Vespero for Lag Tarrossas and
Sans Souci; Emma Ralph of Keith
for Las Lomas and Yosemite; Emma
Thierbach of La Estrella for La Es
trella and Keith; Loretta Deitz of
Darina for Genevieve and Alta. Gab
rielle Gress of Gabrielle Parlor of
this city was appointed deputy for
Occidental Parlor. Sonoma County.
She also appointed as deputy grand
presidents Past Grand Presidents
Ema Gett of Califia Parlor for North
ern California; Mary E. Tillman of
Minerva Parlor and Belle W. Conrad
of bardanelle Parlor for Central Cali
fornia, and Cora B. Slfford for South
ern California.
Calaveras Parlor will give a recep
tion July 5 to Agnes McVery. one of
its members, who was recently elected
one of the grand officers. J]
On July 7 Gabrielle Parlor will ten
der a banquet to those members of
the parlor who represented it at the
recent session of the Grand Parlor. '
On the last Tuesday in June the
members of Ursula Parlor No. 1 ten
dered a grand reception to Mrs. Ella
Caminetti, to show their appreciation
of her election as srand president of
the order. During the evening the
parlor presented to Mrs. Caminetti
Woodmen of the World.
State Organizer P. F. Gilroy has
fitted up his offices In the Native Sons'
building as the headquarters of the
Woodmen of the World in San Fran
cisco and has set aside a room In which
committees of the order can hold meet
ings if crowded for room elsewhere.
W. C. Krumm of Seattle has been ap
pointed a special organizer for- the
fifteen San Francisco camps. He comes
to this city with the reputation of being
"the cyclone organizer" and he pro
poses to astonish the Woodmen of this
section.
Last week the Woodmen of this city
tendered a banquet at a fashionable
rotisserie to State Organizer Gilroy and
Special Organizer Krumm.
A. B. Craw of Mission Camp has been
elected chairman of the visiting com
mittee, vice Gilroy, promoted State or
ganizer. Arrangements are being made
for a reception in July in Native Sons'
Hall under the auspices of the visit
ing committee to 1 P. F. Gilroy to show
appreciation of his services in the
past and pleasure at his promotion 'as
State organizer. .
Richmond Camp and Richmond
Circle will Jointly give an entertain
ment and dance in the hall on the cor
ner of Clement street and Fourth ave
nue on the evening of July 8.
North End Camp is making arrange
ments to celebrate its third anniversary
by a banquet.
Golden Gate Camp is striving to be
come the banner camp of the jurisdic
tion. On June 1 it had 1819 members
in* good standing and on the 27th the
number had been Increased to 1843.
This camp .will install its ./officers in
public July 18 In Native Sons'. Hall and
on that occasion there will be an en
tertainment and a dance, ; also a short
talk by State Organizer Gilroy.v
The new State organizer has \issued
a circular to the neighbors of Alameda
County in which he . calls attention to
the approaching fifteenth anniversary
of the order and asks for the initiation
Friends of the Forest.
At the second meeting in June of
Pioneer Lodge NX 1 of the Friends of
the Forest in the A. O. F. building, the
following named were elected officers
for the ensuing term: Emma Hyman.
president; Harry Gorman, vice presi
dent; S. L. Steigelman. chaplain; Lena
Scholten. financial, and M. E. McLane,
recording secretary; S . L. Sandman,
treasurer; J. Karr, marshal; E. Ken
yon, warden; M. L. Havey, guard; M.
B. Collins, sentinel; C. B." Muenz. or
ganist; Drs. John Leffler and Alexander
S. Tuchler. physicians: E. Jeffreys, M.
Boehm and L. Leffler. trustees. There
were several contests and an unusually
large attendance. The new officers will
be installed on the second Tuesday In
July.
The Maccabees,
At the review of Pacific Tent of th*
Maccabees last week Ad Traube, past
consul commander, who was the tent's
representative at the State convention
recently held in Los Angelea, was pre
sented a set of engrossed resolutions in
appreciation of the manner In which
he protected the interests of the tent
and the order In that session.
Golden West Tent at Its last held re
view had a good attendance and re
ceived several applications. This tent
has undor consideration a proposition
to have a grand social time In its meet
ing place.
Great Commander S. W. Hall left
for the East last week to attend
the session of the Supreme Tent, at
which there will be considerable Im
portant legislation.
Odd Fellows.
As the time is approaching for the
session of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
in this city the several committees ffiat
have been appointed to arrange for the
reception of the visitors and their en
tertainment during the week of the
session of the sovereign body will meet
for the purpose of completing arrange
ments. - j
Templar Lodge is still initiating can
d'dates and conferring degrees.
The Progress Club that is arranging
an cuting to El Campo in aid of the
friendship fund of the San Francisco
relief committee will have all Mn read
iness on July 17, when those who in
tend to enjoy the outing will go to El
Campo.
C. F. O'Neil, secretary of the Hall
Association, is spending his vacation
at Duncans Mills.
Past Grand Master M. G. Gill of Co
lusa was in this city last week.
On the evening of the last Friday in
June, Apollo Lodge held memorial ser
vice in the Memorial Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building. There were a large
number of the members of -the lodge
present and the ceremonies were of a
most impressive character. There were
alBo many visitors, in attendance. Past
Grand W. F. Norcross presided and M.
A. Mitchell conducted the devotional
exercises. The following was the order
of the exercises: . -
Organ voluntary. H. W. Patrick, P.
G.; invocation, chaplain; memories—
F. Galehouse, W. F. Norcross, P. G.;
A. N, Copsey. P. G., Dr. George E.
Daniels; James McMillan, H. W. Pat
rick, P. G.; F. J. Gillman, N. D.
Sickels, P. G.; solo, "Angels Ever
Bright and Fair," H. Williams; -M. M.
Estee, P. G. R., J. J. Applegate, P. G..
supplemented by John R. Altken, P.
G.; F. H. Hastings. H. D. Saville. P.
G.; James Paine, G. G. Burnett, P. G.;
hymn. "Nearer, My God, to 'Thee,"
lodge; benediction, chaplain; postlude.
The eulogy by Past Grand Applegate
was a most eloquent tribute to the
memory of the late Justice of the Ha
waiian Islands. V *
On the last Saturday in June, Temp
lar Rebekah Lodge tendered a recep
tion to Mrs. Alma Isabella Jensen, a
member of the lodge,' tv-no recently re
tired from the office of president of the"
California Assembly of Rebekahs, in
token' of its appreciation of the suc- (
cessf ul term she had. There were about
two hundred persons present and after
congratulatory speeches In the lodge
room there was an adjournment to the
large banquet hair where a flrie supper
was served. C. E. Howard was the
toastmaster, who called for" responses
to sentiments. The speakers 'Mrs.
A. I. "Jensen, Past District D^uty Mrs.
Flora Burgman, Captain AlWJPafker,
Past Grand Patriarch Foster,^ Noble
Grand Grace M. Baird. E.^c/ Stock,
Brigadier General H. O. Brbwer and
several others. Much of the success of
the affair was due to. the personal ef
forts of Mrs. Bessie Monroe, chairman
of the committee of arrangements.
7595, term of Julius S. Godeau, net
gain 1664, or 28 per cent; 1D03, 1803.
term of C. A. Guglielmoni, net gain.
1808, or 24 per cent; '1904, 10.098, term of
George Beck, net 695. or 7 per cent.
These figures show that the greatest
percentage of net gain was during the
term of MarfinonI, who started an en
thusiasm that resulted in a marked in
crease in the organization.
At the recent session of the Grand
Grove at Santa Cruz it was decided to
continue. the Elvin degree; hereafter
no . subordinate will be permitted to
issue by laws unless the same are ac
companied with a copy of the constitu
tion; the noble grand arch was author
ized to appoint a committee of five to
revise the constitution of the grove of
the State; it was also decided that al
ternates shall be elected as well . as
delegates to the grand grove.
In the Grand Circle of the Druldesses
it was decided that hereafter no male
members of circles shall be elected
delegates to the Grand Circle if there
are eligible women members to fill the
places; the grand body adopted the
past arch druldess and grand circle de
gree, subject to approval by the Su
preme Grove of Druids; it was also
decided that the expenses of the grand
secretary shall be paid when she goes
on official visits.
On July 14 El Dorado Circle will
tender a reception in its hall to Mrs.
O. Helden, one of Its members who was
recently elected grand arch Druldess of
the order.'
Eastern Star.
On the last Monday in June, Olive
Branch Chapter, Order of the Eastern
Star, after the meeting in Elks Hall,
tendered a congratulatory reception to
Secretary Mrs. Sadie, J. Kahn and
Harry Hathaway, a member of the
chapter, who are to be married July 7.
After the congratulations there was an
Instrumental solo by Madame Louder;
recitation, Mrs. Grant; vocal solo, Mrs.
Rose PIstolesi; solo, Henry Mauser,
and cornet solo,. Professor Sykes. The
prospective bride. was presented many
beautiful flowers.
The meeting of Ivy Chapter on the
last Tuesday in June w-as one of the
most delightful that this chapter has
held during the current term. The at
tendance of members and of visitors
from every other local chapter, as well
as from chapters across the bay* was
very large, Of. course this was due to
the fact that the officers of Mission
Chapter were on hand to confer the de
gree on a number of strangers for Ivy
Chapter. The Missionites did the work
so well that there was no room for crit
icism other than of the most favorable
nature. .The work of the evening: was
followed by a banquet In the lower hall,
which was served in excellent style
under the direction of a most efficient
committee of ladies under the chair
manship of- Mrs. Norman. . Ivy Chapter
is always preparing novelties and the
unusual event of the officers of another
chapter, while not original in fraternal
work, was novel in this order, and
speaks well for the kindly feeling ex
isting between the members of Mission
and Ivy chapters. . ; : • ?
given by the local lodges In the name of
the ordor.
The record for the term ending with
the last day of June shows that Past
Master Workman R. F. Mackenzie, one
of the deputies of the .Grand Lodge,
has been a .most remarkable one.
Through his efforts there were initiated
Into the order a much greater number
of strangers than by all the other depu
ties combined. In this he has shown
as much activity as when he was se
curing members for St. Johns Lodge,
of which he is a member.
The Iofs by lapses during June was
remarkably small. The reports for that
month show a renewed activity in the
order.
Valley Lodge had a very pleasant
party in the. Pioneer building last week.
There was a good programme of music,
pongs and literary numbers.
Ella Peck, has been installed chief of
honor, Mabel Lester lady of honor and
Ethel Fowler chief of ceremonies of
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the D. of H.
to fill unexpired terms.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Permanent Secretary Falconer of the
Ancient Order of Foresters will pay a
fraternal visit to Court? Cordelia on
July 5.
William Wallace, H. C. S., and other
High Court bfficers will pay an official
visit to the court In San Mateo on
July 6.
On July 21 High Sub Chief Ranger
O. M. Golderacena, accompanied by
the permanent secretary, will pay a
visit to Court Treadwell at Tesla, to as
sist at a public installation of the offi
cers.
High Treasurer George W. Lunt paid
a visit last week to Court Azalia at
Pescadero. •
Court Placer at Auburn, through the
efforts of Deputy Field added twenty
one ' strangers to its membership roll
and through the same deputy Court
Auburn added twelve to its roll.
An official visit will be paid July 4
by the officers of the supreme circle to
Twin Peaks Circle. On the 8th the
officers will visit Alta Circle at Valle
jo and on the 18th they will visit Val
ley Circle at "Stockton.
Grand Right Guide Mrs. Lizzie
Pritchard and her charming daughter,
Tryphina, the mascot of Loyal Circle,
is spending her vacation at San An
selmo.
PERSONS WHO ARE ADVANCING IN FRATERNITIES.
of fifteen candidates in each of the
fifteen .different camps on fifteen dif
ferent nighjs by fifteen different sets
of officers and drill teams. And from
each consul commander and clerk he
has obtained a promissory note to de
liver fifteen candidates for initiation on
a particular night and if all are not de
livered an extension of time will be
granted, but interest in the nature of
'additional candidates will be exacted.
The officers-elect of Redwood Circle
and those of Golden West Camp will
be jointly installed in public on" the
night of July 19.
The members of Redwood Circle and
their friends went on an excursion last
week to Vallejo on the Corcoran. The
affair was arranged by Neighbors
Pearl de Gana, Wilder and Prader.
Mrs. Jennie S.* Clark, for a long time
clerk of Redwood Circle and recognized
as a very energetic .worker', lri this
order and in the Druidesses, has re
moved to Sacramento, which will Jbe
her future home, her husband having
secured a permanent position in the
capital city. * - *
a solid silver backed set of brushes
and mirror.
The committee 1 that has arranged
for the presentation of an escutcheon
to be. placed on the cruiser California
will hold a meeting on the last Friday
in July for the purpose of completing
arrangements for the presentation. .
One of the features of the session
of the Grand Parlor of the . Native
Daughters of the Golden West at Pa
cific Grove was the passage of the
resolution to permit osteopathists to
act as medical examiners for the ad
mission of candidates into snbordinate
parlors. The constitution, which pro
vides that all candidates for member
ship must undergo a medical examina
tion, was not altered. The practition
ers of the regular schools, who have
examined candidates for many years
past, claim that osteopathists cannot
give the medical examination contem
plated by the constitution, on the
ground that they dp not practice, med
icine, simply a particular science. They
have passed the matter up to the grand
president, and there is an intimation
that if osteopathists are permitted to
pass upon candidates for admission
Into the order the regulars will strike
and there will be trouble for the order.
Another feature was the appeal by
Past Grand President Keith to the
Grand Parlor from the decision of
Grand President Finkeldey in 'the'
Alta Parlor case, in which the ap
pellant sought to have expunged
from the records a report affecting her,
which Grand President Finkeldey de
clared to be unfraternal and which,
she said, she would have asked to be
expunged had she the power. This
occupied a great deal of time, * arid,
while the result was not what the ap
pellant expected in her efforts to be
set right, the whole matter was ven
tilated, and it showed up some mem
bers of the order in a very unpleasant
light.
The constitution was amended In a
manner that will prevent a recurrence
of what was declared to be acts of in
justice in the Alta case, many of the
amendments adopted bein? presented"
by Past President Keith. She also pre
sented the first Native . Daughters'
souvenir spoon, which was adopted and
is now In the possession of the founder
of the order. Dr. Amy Florence Tem
ple Tvas appointed chairman of the
finance committee and MIsb Keith
the chairman of the committee on
printing and supplies. The Grand Par
lor contributed $25 to the McKinnon
memorial fund. • .
August 24 in the social hall of the Al
cazar building. It is expected that the
new auxiliary will assist on that occa
sion.
Ivanhoe Lodge at Its last held meet
Ing initiated one stranger and Liberty
Lodge did likewise at Its session last
week.
Special Deputy Barnes while at work
in Monterey County was taken ill and
had to- return to this city. He is im
proving and will soon be in the field
again.
The Knights of Los Angeles are ar
ranging for a grand entertainment dur
ing the current month.
Grand Dictator Archibald will visit
Sacramento on July 14, Grass Valley
on the 15th. Chlco on the 20th and
Marysville at a later date'.
Modern Woodmen.
All arrangements for the reception
of Head Consul A. R. Talbot on July 7
in Eagles' Hall have been completed.
It is expected that in addition to the
membership of San Francisco, includ
ing the members of the camp of RoyaJ
Neighbors, there will be two hundred
present from the camps in Sonoma
County and large delegations from
Oakland and San Jose.
Goodfellowship Camp at its last held
meeting had a drill by its officers and
drill team, the latter in its new and
attractive uniform. The team and
many of the members of the local
camps and of the Royal Neighbors
visited Oakland Camp last week, where
there was a very pleasant enter
tainment.
State Deputy J. O. Davis went to
Los Angeles last week and will return
with the bead consul.
one of dances. The affair was under
the direction of Thomas Brodie, E.
Brandhorst, George Menke. August
Roemer, P. Grey, William Foley and
John Reynolds. The floor manager
was Edward Riners.
Court El Dorado has appointed a
committee to arrange for a theater
party at the Lyceum for the benefit
of its charitable fund.
R. Steinman has been chosen chief
ranger of Junior Court Pride of the
Golden West.
The membership of Court Justice
will have a family outing at Idora
Park August 21.
Club Acme, composed of members
of Court Acme, will picnic at Fern
brook Park July 17.
At a recent meeting of Court De
fiance Elias Isaacs was presented by
the court with a handsome gold
watch as a token of the appreciation
of the good work he has done for that
organization.
The anniversary celebration by
Court General Lawton in Washington
Square Hall during the last days of
June was one of the most delightful
affairs given by a court of the order
during the present term. There were
170 persons present in the patriotic
ally decorated hall and among the
number was the entire membership of
Lnwton Circle as the guests of the
court. The ladies, wishing to show
their pleasure at being invited, spent
a good deal of time in preparing the
table and as a souvenir of the occa
sion presented each member of the
court with a card with the name of
the circle and a miniature corncob
pipe tied to it with red, white and blue
ribbon. After the supper there was
a very pleasing programme of e/iter
tainment, which . included contribu
tions by Minnie Browell, John Schnel
thiese, Master Clarence Krone, J.
Fargo, Charles Stanelia. a mandolin
quartet; Harry Carroll and Mile.
Chapdelalne. This was followed by
the presentation by Dr. Giannlni on
behalf of the court of a valuable or
namental fob chain to A. Goldman in
recognition of his work in the mat
ter of upbuilding the court. This af
fair was got up by C. H. Brunz, B.
Thomson and P. Overmohle. Among
the prominent members of the order
present at the banquet were Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann, grand record
ing secretary; Daniel Teare, grand
Junior woodward, and Jacob Label,
editor of the American Forester Re
view.
Mrs. O. C. Miller, deputy for Gold
en Gate Circle, was at the last meet
ing of the body given a handsome
candelabra In appreciation of her ser
vices during the past term.
Lorely Circle will give a haymak
ers' party on the night of July 21.
Supreme Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
L. Atwood is arranging a series of
visitations to the circles of this city
and it is possible that she may ex
tend her visits to circles in nearby
cities. Mrs. Atwood is a pleasing and
interesting speaker and her vjslts will
no doubt prove yery entertaining.
Grand Chief Bettie E. Nickell of the
llathbone Sisters has redistricted the
State of California and has appoint<?d
deputies as follows:
District No. 1, Humboldt County,
Mrs. Kate Dauphing of Raraona Tem
ple No. 8. Eureka; district No. 2, Sis
kiyou and Shasta counties, Mrs. Ada
line Miller of Moss Brae No. 29. Duns
riiuir; district No. 3, Sonoma, Mendo
ilno and part of Solano, Mrs. Sadie Mc-
Minn of Madrona No. 43. Healdsburg;
district No. 4, Solano County. Mrs.
Kate Sullivan of Solano Temple No. 50.
liio Vista; district No. 5, San Francisco,
San Mateo and part of Santa Clara
luunties, Mrs. Julia F. Day of Golden
»;ate No. TO. San Francisco; district No.
«, Alameda and Contra Costa, Mrs.
Etta Silcox. East Oakland No. 7, East
Oakland; district No. 7, Santa Cruz,
Monterey. San Benito and part of Santa
Clara, Mrs. Mamie Gardner of Hermion
No. 46, Santa Cruz; districts Nof. 8 and
I. San Luis Obispo and part of Santa
Barbara, Mrs. Margaret Hamilton of
Magnolia No. 15, Santa Maria; districts
Xos. 10 and 11, Nevada and part of
Placer, Mrs. Sarah Nicholas, Olympic
No. 10. Grass Valley; districts Nos. 12
bnd 13, Yolo, Sacramento and part of
Placer, Mr?. Maude B. Sheehan, Cali
fornia No. l, Sacramento; district No.
34, Ed Dorado, Amador, Alpine and
Mono, Mrs. Anna Fox, Washington No.
25, Placerville; district No. 15, San
Joaquin, Mrs. Clara Martin. Damon No.
S3, Stockton; district No. 16, Stanislaus,
Calaveras and Tuolumne, Mrs. Clara
Faunders, Oak Leaf No. 68; district No.
17, Kings and Fresno, Mrs. Mary Finn,
Royal No. 33. Hanford; district No. 18.
Tulare, Mrs. Jennie Trefry, Callamura
No. 66; district No. 19, Kern, Mrs. Josie
Moss, Sunset No. 16, Bakersfield; dis
trict No. 20, Ventura and part of Santa
Barbara County, Mrs. Ona Alliscm,
Mystic No. 14; district No. 21. Los
Angeles and Orange County, Bettie C.
Nickell, G. C. Purity No. 2, Los
Angeles; district No. 22, San Diego
County, Mrs. Stella Place, Woodbine
No. S6, San Diego; district No. 23,
Riverside County. M. Estella Stewart,
Aurora No. 17, Riverside; district No.
24, San Bernardino County, Mrs. Libby
Moore, Charity No. 39, San Bernardino.
About fifty members of San Fran
cisco Temple No. 11 attended the
Pythian theater party at the Central
recently. The party was given to raise
funds for the purpose of meeting the
expenses that are to be incurred by
the Uniform Rank of the Knights of
Pythias on the trip to Louisville, Ky.,
where the next Supreme Lodge of the
order will meet next August.
Mrs. Bettie C. Nickell of Los Ange
les, the new chief of the order, on her
return to her home from Bakersfleld
was presented by Purity Temple, of
which she is an active member, with
an elegant silver tea set, the presenta
tion being made by Mary L. Shaffer,
M. E. C. of the temple. After the
meeting there was a reception to the
chief in a beautifully decorated hall,
•in which there were many members of
the order, including the following
visitors: Grand Protector Miss Isabella
Bruce of Oakland and her mother.
Mrs. Adeline of Dunsmuir; Mr. and
Mrs. Shuey of Porterville, Mr. and
Mrs. West of East Oakland, Mrs. Flor
ence Triplett, M. E. C. of Snowdrop
Temple of Whittier; Mmes. Craw and
Shrewsbury of Long Beach, Emma
Richardson of Fidelity Temple, Mrs.
Cuencliff of Riverside Temple; Mrs.
Gowan, M. E. C. of Los Angeles
Temple. At a supper which followed
the reception Mary Shaffer was the
toastmis tress.
A very pleasant surprise reception
was given Mrs. Clara E. Martin by
1)amon Temple of Stockton as a token
of appreciation of the fact that at the
recent session of the Grand Temple
the was elected grand senior. The
chair of mistress of records and cor
respondence, which is filled by Mrs.
Martin, was covered with the choicest
of flowers and over her desk were the
words in greenery, "Welcome, Grand
Senior." The reception was followed
by the serving of a collation.
Calanthe Temple of Oakland ten
dered a reception , to Miss Isabella
Bruce, one of its members, who was
elected grand protector.
The grand chief will be busy during
July installing the new officers of
temples. She will start on her official
visits in August, commencing in Hum
boldt County.
Olympic Temple of Grass Valley
held a memorial service on the last
Sunday in June. The service was very
impressive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, ' 1904/
18
ECHOES FROM THE
LODGE ROOM; With "Barbara" Frietche" James Nelll
and his clever company .will this after
noon ; open : a ' summer .^ season . at the
Grand ¦¦ Opera-house. * There ' will be as
sociated with Mr. Nelll ; many 'of ¦ the
players that have made his company
bo favorably known of late years,, nota
bly Miss Kdy the Chapman, who will
BILL. OF SPLENDID
FEATURES IN STORE
FOR THEATER-GOERS
Ezra Kendall's play for next season
is called "Weatherbeaten Bronson." It
is the work of Edward E. Kidder and
is rapidly near ins completion.
Henrietta Crosman is not Idling
away her vacation. She is studying a
Shakespearean character In which
she will appear in the "near future.
Viola Allen will play Perdita In a
production of "The Winter's Tale"
next season.
Edouard de Reszke is to sing in
sixty concerts, from Boston to San
Francisco, under the management of
W. F. Pendleton and H. G. Snow.
J. Fred Zimmerman announces that
Bertha Galland will appear in "Romeo
and Juliet," next season.
new play. "The Edge of the Storm."
The "A. T.'s," as some one has joy
ously labeled the artistic temperament,
are responsible for many and curious
things. The violent enthusiasm is one
of them, both pardonable and delight
ful. .Mixed with the Calif ornian climate
this sometimes becomes a very ebul
lient quantity. In the visiting victim,
actor or musician by preference, the
enthusiasm commonly takes the form
of a large and perhaps not wholly un
businesslike admiration of this place
and all the things thereof. But, alas,
again, these fervors are frequently as
evanescent as they are violent What
cruel, cruel wisdom, Mascagnl, thou
hast taught us here with thy Just
horrid remarks about us to those
Parisians!
But all are not Mascagnis. Some keep
a warm corner in their hearts for us
even. after they get on t'other side of
the bay. Nay, with some their kindness
seems to increase" with distance. Mrs.
Fiske, greatly to our credit, is .one of
these. 'Mrs. Fiske, it Is true, said nice
things about us when she was here. But
Mrs. Fiske has said nicer things about
us behind our backs than she ever said
before us. She said them in Chicago,
too. If she wlll_ohly now prattle them
in New York in that terse, pointed way
of hers "we may be | recognized even
there ¦ as having some little artistic
right to be. ¦- ¦ ;', ;. ¦-.'
Here is just what Mrs.. Fiske said in
Chicago to the Record-Herald in a very
ably written interview by their critic:
"Thus ensconced, Mrs-Flske devoted
an :hour to a cool, purlins stream -of
GOSSIP ABOUT WELL
KNOWN PLAYERS AND
THEIR MOVE3EENTS
To know what you want— there's the
rub. To desire It effectively — there's
the rubber! Whether Mr. Dunsmure
achieves his final desire — and he flies
very high— will be interesting to note.
But we left him 1n the chorus with
Francis Powers.
"For a year and a half I was with
Powers," the singer told me then.
"After that I went to- Europe to study."
"Dear heaven!" I ejaculated. "And
how did you manage it?"
"Worked my way on a cattle boat to
London, slept on straw for thirteen
days," the basso replied, with oh! such
an unctuous note! "Then on to Italy —
oh, I wanted to go rignt to the foun
tainhcad. I got to Genoa as a sort. of
engineer's steward, a kind of chamber
maid to the engineers, making up beds
and things, and then, Milan."
As the devote says "Mecca," Mr.
Dunsmure says "Milan." As he says
"Mahomet," so the singer says "Mor
ettl," the teacher from wnom he took
three months and a half— think of It,
will you?— just three months and a
half of lessens, but dally.
"After the last cent went." the basso
recalled then, "I went back to Genoa,
walked It, with an Englisn fellow that
was also broke.,- You see I couldn't
earn anything because I couldn't speak
Italian. I do now — rather well."
"And when you got to Genoa?" I
"fed."
"To Genoa, 175 miles away," the
singer gravely insisted, "I sang In
cafes, and got a' bed and a place to
6leep if I was lucky— the Englishman's
remittance Just -took him home."
• "And then you worked your way as
cabin boy back to America," I con
cluded for him.
¦ "No, sir, not so easy. Couldn't get
an American boat at any price, didn't
want me for anything," he said. "I
got out at last on an Australian, pass
ing coal to the bunkers."
"How old were you then?"
"Twenty," the singer said. He
squared his shoulders with his charac
teristic naive pride in himself, to say:
"It takes a lot of courage to do that."
I agreed and asked what was his
Australian -programme. . ',.'•
"Minstrels," he , informed me, "just
TIVOLVS NEW BASSO
TALKS OF HIS CA
REER. w<
He had to tell me of his farm on
Long Island before I left, with Its sev
enty-five acres, six-acre lake, and
crops of chickens, asparagus, corn,
beets, and jthe best cauliflowers In the
country. "All paid for, not like a
good many other actor farms." Also
he told me that h*. 1 was Importing two
other long-legged, ' mellow-throa'ted
Dunsmures this season.
"I'm going. to put them In the chorus
in 'The Country Girl,' " he said. "If
there's anything in them It will come
out, and if there isn't there's no harm
done. , Fighting's good. It's good to go
without things. , I jumped, you know,
from $18 /to $150 ; a week in two years
I'ni going to tell 'em."
"What are you going to do?"
"In a year or two I'm going to study
for keeps," he said sturdily, and he
will. "You know a bass voice—"
"Profundo," I thundered softly. '¦>'.'_
"A bass voice," he repeated, "does
not mature until you're thirty-five or
forty—"
"When you are going to be a de
Reszke?" V
1 "Or a Plancon," he smiled.
"Oh, be a Plancon," I urged.
"All the women like Plancon," the
other basso said, rather impatiently.
"Don't you like his Mefistofele better
than de Reszke's?"
"No," he said, "Plancon's has too lit
tle dignity. It Is too much this kind
of thing'" and the big Scot then as
tonished me by a very, facile, 1 nimble
Imitation of the Frenchman's manner.
"You are Jealous," I charged him.
"Haven't time to be," he laughed.
"When I see a greater artist than I
am, I'm too busy trying to close up the
gap between us to be jealous. But
Plancon to me is like a hod-carrier to
a sculptor In comparison with de
Reszke."
"And is It worth all that?"
"Lord, yes?' the Dunsmure testified?
"There's more to come, too, but not of
that sort."
"Twenty-eight," he supplied.
for a few weeks, then worked my way
to Frisco. I came to the Tivoli here—
isn't it funny?— to ask for a Job in the
chorus, but they wouldn't even hear
me sing. Then I went to New York
and got . into the Bostonians. I was
two years with them." • , ,
"Five years ago — two years — " I add
ed, "that makes you:— "
"On the road; too. Oh!" the Scot
cried here, pounding a big, solemn fist
on the seat in front: "If you make up
your mind to do anything, really make
up your mind, you can Co anything."
And that has been the Dunsmure
experience* and is the Dunsmure gos
pel. Built on the same big, simple
lines as his body, his desires have con
verged all to one goal, to sing, to sing,
to sing! Trtie, a "little farm well
tilled," "on the side,"- a competency
appear desirous, but first, last and all
the time to sing and to sing. And with
the dear eye.^f a single desire he has
hammered away at his career as he
hammers at the anvil in "Robin Hood,"
with a stroke certain, steady, mighty.
"In New York!''
"First I strayed down to Norfolk.
Virginia," he continued then, and stili
with the same solid delight in his
memories said: "It was a dry coods
store I started in. Imagine a big fel
low like me measuring tape! It was a
good thing for me that this voice gen
erated in my throat. I used to sing In
church choirs and so on even then."
"Did you study?"
"No, just sang naturally. I had a
natural, deep, heavy profundo, even
then," he recalled, dropping Into the
depths of It He rolls out every now
and again a bit of mellow subterranean
thunder Just for the Joy of it. "You
see that was something out of the com
mon, and people began to hear about
me. I got invitations to Join minstrel
shows that came along, Al G. Fields
one of them. But the church people
persuaded me not to go on the stage.
At last I did. however, went on with
a male quartet in 'The White Slave.'
Two weeks of that I had and then
the barytone got tipsy and the quartet
was all off."
"And then?"
"With my two ,, weeks' salary." he
continued, "I went to New York and
got an engagement with Francis
Powers in the chorus. I got 518 a
week, and saved $10 of it. by the way."
"Yes, I came over here as a cabin
boy when I was fifteen," he began:
"ran away from home In fact"—
xiomc •
"Edinburgh," the big lowlander told
me. "I went back not so lone ago
and my father said: "Eh, mon, -but the
climate over there must have developed
ye.'" i; :
The six feet one and the etc. that
Mr. Dunsmure insists on are certainly
all there, likewise a proportionately
noble breadth. Give him also prom
inent blue — he serio-comically claims
"blue-violet" — eyes, a mouth curved
cheerfully upward like e new moon, a
noble handle of a nose and a radiant
ruddiness of color, when you think of
this braw Scot.
the tale, that he evidently enjoyed as
much as I did.
Not a solitary one of the party turned
up and he found that Runnyrcede isl
and had become private property with
particularly stringent regulations
against trespasser?.
LONDON, July 2.— When William
MacDowell of New York arrived at
Windsor Tuesday to meet the famous
company of royalties, statesmen, di
vines and men of letters, whom ho had
invited to celebrate with him the anni
versary of the signing of Magna Char
ta on the site of that epoch making
event, a double disappointment awaited
him.
New Yorker Is Surprised-
.. "I had ideas of my own on that sub
ject," replied the Marquis. "I had
braces (suspenders) woven of threads
of gold instead of the usual elastic
webbing that other men rely upon to
support their trousers. The buckles
were gold too. Everybody know3 that
the private theatrical productions in
which I took part at my estates in
Anglesey were carried out in a mag
nificent way, as Fouquet might have
done the thing at Vaux in his day. It
costs money to do these things; I took
pleasure in doing things that way."
"How could you spend so much for
that?" asked the Parisian interviewer,
astonished.
"I am 23 years old. I inherited in
1SDS a very considerable fortune from
my father, including the estates of Plas
Nowydd in Anglesey and Beaudeaert
Park in Staffordshire. These properties
yielded me an annual income of 3,000.000
francs. In six years I have run
through that fortune. Just haw I could
not tell you. It cost me $15,000 a year
for underwear."
"I shall not return to England," the
Marqui3 is declared to have said, "You
have heard that I left there debts
amounting to $2,730,0^0. That sounds
like- a very large amount of money.
I much prefer, for my own reasons, to
regard it as £550,000, which * really
owe.
PARIS, July 2.— A writer in one of
the Parisian papers saw the Marquis
of Anglesey at Longchamps when the
Grand Prix was being run. He found
the bankrupt but still cheerful young
nobleman in a communicative mood.
Squandered a Fortune in
Six Years.
Young Marquis Explains How He
FIFTEEN THOUSAND A
YEAR FOR UNDERWEAR
. Lotta and Belle Tobln, eccentric mu
sicians, are the stars at the Chutes.
The Leigh brothers, equilibrists, head
line the Orpheum's bill this week. They
are said to be miracle workers. An
other feature of much Interest will be
the appearance of Miss Inez de Wolf,
a local soprano possessed of a sweet
and powerful vol^e and of charming
personality. Valerie Bergere changes
her sketch for one entitled "Jimmie's
Experiment."
•The Central's bill this week is a Kre
mer melodrama. "Wedded and Parted."
It is said to live up to its promising
title and will be elaborately produced.
The California Is dark, to .reopen in
August.
The Columbia Is still dark, to open
next week- with another of the notable
attractions "that the management has
so lavished upon its patrons this sea
son. The attraction in question is Miss
Ethel Barrymore in a new comedy,
"Cousin Kate."
Better and better grows the Tivoli's
"Robin Hood," that at the special mat
inee to-morrow begins its third week.
It is without doubt one of the best per
formances of comic opera ever seen
here, though the press agent does say
so. The people have now settled into
their parts, with the result of *a rare
individual and ensemble excellence, and
crowded houses nightly greet the per
formance. „ .
They are still worrying along with
"The Mormcms" at Fischer's, and have,
indeed, much Improved that excellently
dull show, i Next Saturday night an
other partly new company will take
possession of the perturbed burlesque
boards, including Miss Dorothy Morton
as the leading lady, Nora Bayes in the
pjace of Miss Edna Aug. Rice and
Cady, German comedians, and Bobby
North, a new Hebrew. The piece is also
new and entitled "A Lucky Stone."
For the second week of the White
Whlttlesey season at the Alcazar they
will put on one of the John Drew suc
cesses In "One Summer's Day." a com
edy by H. V. Esmond. The opening
week of the engagement has seen some
excellent achievement among the Alca
zar players and the theater has been
crowded to its capacity. Miss Marie
Rawson, the new leading lady, makes
her debut this week.
appear this afternoon in the title role
of Mr. Fitch's pretty war comedy.
During the engagement . of Mr. and
Mrs. Forbes Robertson in this country
next season they will produce their
• • •
• The story that Charles Richman Is to
be Ada Rehan's leading man is evident
ly untrue as he asserts that he is to
star in the fall.
• ¦ • - •
Henry Miller's play for next season
will be "Joseph Entangled," by Henry
Arthur Jones. It will be produced In
New York immediately following Mr.
Miller's stock season in San Francisco.
Charles Frohman has selected Hilda
Spong to be leading woman with Mr.
Miller next season.
Kyrle Bellew is to visit us next fall
after an absence of seven years. He
will appear In his great Eastern suc
cess, "Raffles."
"After 'Rosmersholm' we' must never
say again that Ibsen Is not beautiful.
It is the most heartrending thing I have
ever studied and still its pathos is pure
beauty. Mr. Huneker has said that
Rebecca Is the wickedest woman in the
drama. Yes. But that phase has
passed and the expiation has begun be
fore the play opens. Rebecca Gamvik
is dead and the new birth of Rebecca
West, as the former adventuress Is
known at the Rosmersholm, Is the
theme of the tragedy."
It may be remarked here that Ber
nard Shaw in his "Quintessence of Ib
senlsm" constantly insists upon "the
vital part played in this drama by the
evolution of the lower Into the higher
love."
This fleeting epitome of Rebecca
West's spiritual rebirth was given with
tremendous enthusiasm by Mrs. Fiske:
"Here to me is the most beautiful and
poetic part of 'Rosmersholm.' Rebecca
West has made her way— her calm,
unfaltering, ambitious, intrepid way —
through seas of blood. The 'green* be
comes 'one red.' She desires to possess
Rosmer. At last the way Is clear. But
she must be wary. He is a man of ex
quisite sensibility. She must advance
slowly, wait and be still. And as she
wai^s, slowly, gradually, the beauty of
, his character opens the little window of
her soul. (She did not know she had a
soul.) And as she waits and waits, at
last, for the first time in her life, love
comes to her. It is well that Ibsen has
not revealed to us the Rebecca West of
those, days — the days of illumination
and remorse. We could not have en
dured the sight. It is a ghost we see
.when the curtain rises. How can we.
in the presence of this martyr of mar
tyrs among all the stage. women of sor
rows, say again that Ibsen is without
beauty and poetry!"
"They say worse — that he is unneces
sary," was suggested.
She answered In a strange, still tone,
"So, I suppose, are the flowers unneces
sary." ;^'.
"As for Rosmersholm," I dare say I
read it twenty times before the light
began to dawn. To me It is the great
est, the most complex, of Ibsen's works,
and I believe that ultimately Rosmer
and Rebecca will take their place with
Romeo and Juliet, Tristan and Isolde
and Elolse and Abelard as the supreme
figures of trapic love In the dramatic
literature of all ages. The more one
studies 'Rosmersholm' the firmer this
conviction becomes. And I haven't a
doubt that Rebecca will ultimately
stand side by side in the classic reper
tory with Juliet. It may not come to
pass in our day, but it will come, for
the world does not possess a greater
tragedy of expiation than this of Re
becca, who, a perfect Valeria Messa-
Hna in the beginning of her life story,
ultimately Is purified through suffering
and is dead to every impulse save the
desire to serve."
Here again is Mrs. Fiske on "Ros
mershclm," that, with the Maeterlinck
"Monna Vanna," will be the chief pro
ductions of her forthcoming season at
the Manhattan, in New York.
"An Ibsen play deserves one year's
study at the very least," says Mrs.
Fiske. "I have given 'Rosmersholm'
two and do not yet feel ready. There
ought to be a law against the presen
tation of the Norwegian's works with
the hurried, hit-or-miss preliminary
work characteristic of our methods of
theatrical production. But perhaps I
am an extremist in this matter. I
worked six months, for example, on the
one-act play 'Dolce,' which I have
never presented in Chicago, and then
was not satisfied with the result on the
opening night.
pleasantries, piquant sarcasms and
frank protests.
"The pleasantries "concerned mainly
her recent professional tour on the Pa
cific Coast. The animation and gayety
of San Francisco, the beauty of the
bay — which she thought as lovely as
the bay of Naples — the receptivity of
the people — all had charmed her, and
ehe is eager to go thither again. She
was full of the recent experience and
reverted to It * several times, saying
once, 'With what delight I recall that
trip to the coast, and, along with San
Francisco, the beautiful cities of Port
land, Seattle and Tacoma, I cannot for
get the lovely warmth of kindliness — I
cannot forget the charming people.'
"San Frarilsco she thought more like
Paris than any other city she knew of,
and the people seemed to her beauti
fully willing to accept not only with
respect but with enthusiasm certain
newer phases of dramatic art and lit
erature which in certain communities
she did not name inspire a half-reaent
ful attitude." ¦¦ i~ : -
Nor do the Greenbaum activities end
here. Under that gentleman's enter
prising management Ben Greet and his
company of English players will ap
pear here. Mr. Greet, now in New-
York, leaves there shortly for London
to gather together a new company that
will come directly to California. They
are to produce, in the Elizabethan
fashion, "Hamlet," "Much Ado About
Nothing." "Twelfth Night" and "The
Merchant of Venice," and will also re
vive "Everyman." A feature of con
siderable local Interest will be the pro
duction of a miracle play by Professor
Gayley of the University of California,
entitled "The Star of Bethlehem." The
Greet plans also include an elaborate
production of "A Midsummer Night's
Dream" at one of the local theaters fur
a special matinee, with a couple of
hundred children as fairies and a large
orchestra to give the accompanying
Mendelssohn music. The other plays
will be given at the Greek Theater in
Berkeley and at Lyric Hall.
Manager Will Greenbaum's list of ar
tists for the coming season i3 already
a particularly engaging one. It in
cludes Madame Gadski. a soprano who,
I fancy, is going to surprise us with
her development. She was the one
singer of the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany here whose performance unmis
takably prophesied growth. Others on
Mr. Greenbaum's list are Josef Hoff
man, Edouard de Reszke. David Bis
pham. and the Incomparable Chopinist.
De Pachmann. Mr. Greenbaum will
also have the handling of the Creatore
Band, and promises further a series of
symphony concerts — whether by Duss,
Scheel or Gerlcke at present a secret.
Among the pleasantest musical gos
sip that has floated this way lately is
that Herr Fritz Scheel. who got lost on
his way here last spring, will most
likely be the first of the music-makers
with us this autumn. The local sym
phony lovers were grievously disap
pointed at Mr. Scheel's failure to ap
pear here last March. Hope ran high
among them after the splendid series of
concerts given here by the conductor
at the beginning of last season. The
permanent orchestra seemed an ac
complished fact, the foundations of
such an organization as has made Bos
ton world-famous, and that we shall
surely have here some day, however
far, securely laid. The March series of
concerts was to clinch the matter. It
was to be the second half of a trium
phant season. But, like the male mos
quito, that doesn't bite, there wasn't
any. If the rumor of the present sea
son be correct, Mr. Scheel will be here
in August.
"Yes," he nodded weightily.
Then he heaved round my way to
A self-mad* man— and, like another
pood workman, proud of his Job— Is
John Dunsrnure, basso profundo of the
Tivoli for the moment and former
member of the Eostonians. There is no
reason why "kittle John" should not
be proud of his handiwork. 'TIs no
thing:, look you, to have slept in
>traw, shoveled coal in the stoke hole
of a Meamer and sung for a meal and
a bed in pursuit of your ideal, as John
Dunsmure has done. A raw Scotch lad
ft fifteen, he took French leave of
home and worked his way here as
cabin boy. Seven years later he was a
member of the Bostonians and In some
quarters is now seriously dubbed the
"de Re^zke of light opera." Ah well,
as to that — but never mind that now.
However, hearing these hopeful things
— and they are very good to hear, sane,
heaJtMuI. invigorating— I went to ask
Mr. Dur.smure his way to success.
The basso was standing in front of
the Tivoli as I made my way there,
his fix feet one and three-quarter
inches topped by a huge cowboy hat
visible from Market street. Barron
P.erthald was with him. looking happy
over his late Robin Hood — he has real
ly begun to suggest that dashing out
law — and presented the amiable young
?:ant
"Take care," he warned Mr. Duns
ir.are as we turned to go into the thea
ler — "or you will be telling Miss Par
:.ngton more than you know. We. I
did. My friends" — this to the guilty in
-.- rvjewer — "found your interview very
amusing. They say it is Just like me."
• Thank you."' I said. "You hear that,
Mr. Dunsmure? Testimonials while
you wait. You see what a very safe
person I am. And now come on and
ft yersel' as ithers see ye — one other,
Th* "other" was waiting there with a
cajnera, and upstairs in the "smokers'
paradise" of the Tivoli. or rather in its
ample foyer. Mr. Dunsmure was "took,"
cowboy hat, silver-headed cane and all.
He had seme ado then to fit himself
Into or.e of the seats in the "smokers'
paradise," the seats of that odorifer
ous heaven being hardly made to the
measure of six feet one and .three
quarter*-. Mingling with the lingering
*';:ni!a was the scent of the Board of
lakh's present pet disinfectant that
ihe Tivoli spreads regardless every
k for your benefit— and we looked
:\ri upon the great, bare stage, now
lag used as a btudio. They were re
] minting, by the way, a piece of that
tpleodid Sherwood Forest that the Tiv
oiFis artist has evolved for "Robin
H'-od."
There i«= no shallow indifferentlsm
alxiut Mr. Dunsmure. He takes him
*¦ If. you, his work, everything, very
f-^riously. I began, as is - my way, with
lizht gossip of this and that, but the
j-ir.s<~-r by inference objected. He was
:.')• v to be interviewed, and he was
?"inp to he interviewed. So in a very
business-like way _he suggested that
th^ way h« got his education was the
most interesting thing about him. As
that nai just what I wanted to know, I
; ;-k'i .the basso to tell about it. But
first I had asked him, forgetting, where
1. had seen and heard Mr. Dunsmure
b< lore.
"Why." that gentleman protested,
turning a big. boyish, hurt face to me,
'1 was with the Bostonians five y # ears
agro here as Will Scarlett. Then I was
here with Miss Glaser in 'Doily Var
den.'"
"Oh, yes, I remember," I consoled
him, "as Fairfax — 'Guardy,' as Dolly
Varden called you."
"And I've Just closed the season with
her," he added. "It is not a good part,
Fairfax, though. It is simply a 'feeder'
to Dolly Varden all through the piece.
You can't do anything — you remember
when I have a duet with Miss Glaser
and she goes out at the close? People
simply sigh there, turn over the pro
pramicej, yawn, look to see who's who
in tho audience — you've no chance.
>*ow here's a part in Scarlett, hardly
a sixth as long, and look how com
paratively grateful it is.'
"But Miss Glaser," I suggested, "I
should think it would be fun to be with
her if your part were twice as long and
half as dry again?"
. "She*F a great girl." Mr. Dunsmure
testified. The laugh that lifted the cor
ners of his mouth said more than his
words. "She's a Dolly Varden off the
Etage as well as on, quick as lightning
and full of fun- She'd rather, you
know, break me up in my part than
get a whole bunch of laughs from the
audience. Changing her cues, for ex
• ample.** f- '•*
"And what do you do then?"
"Just look as wise as you know how.
and catch on as you best can," the
Einger put it. Then with ponderous
gayety — it takes some time to set all of
six fe?t one and three-quarters a-laugh
— he chuckled.
"But it was not always that way.
Sometimes we arranged little surprises
for Miss Glaser. Once, where Dolly and
her lover are looking into the distance
for the return of 'Guardy,' and ehe has
to say 'There comes Guardy. Perhaps
.that's a clergyman with him and we
can be married.' I fixed up one of the
•Etage hands as a clergyman. But such
a clergyman! I painted his nose blue,
his eyebrows green and put on him a
pair of red sluggers. Then I put my
hat on him— it's not a little one — and
drowned him in my frock coat. We
tucked the property Bible under his
arm. too. Wien she saw him— in the
wings there — well, she Just sat down
on the stage and hollered 'murder!'—
and she wouldn't have remembered her
lines to this day if the lover hadn't
told her.' 4
"What did Ehe do when she came
off?" I asked.
"Gave me a good kick," Mr. Dflns
mure laiighed.
Then he reminlscently stroked his
giant shin 'and ordained: "But that's
not for publication, of course."
"Of course not," I said.
"But," Mr. Dunsmure advised then,
in his deepest profundo, "I think the
•way I got my education will be the
most interesting material to you. I've
had rather a unique career.''
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3. 1904.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKChild Born in Eiffel Tower.
PARIS. July 2.— The child of a hum
ble tathtr and mother was born this
week in a very high position indeed.
The^ youngster first, saw the light of
day oa-the top of the Eiffel tower.-^^
While Kmillenne Capronnier. 27 years
<>ld, . was up on the tower) on one of
the h'shest platforms she became the
moth-r of a fine girl. The baby seem
ed not tne least disturbed by it3 strap- 3
surroundings. It took kindly to the
high altitude from the fim and for at
least a Jay was the tall: of all Paris.
The mother was taken to a hospital
as soon as possible by the order of tha
pclicr;. There the Infant was christened
Eiffeliae,
in Piedmont. It is said that General
Long is' in line for. promotion to brig
adier general, on - the attainment of
wh|ch - he will v be . retired, when the
Longs will locate '•' on * trie Coast per
manently. - . .•• .: y ; - : ...
• * - •
• .v H • " *
. Ho .-.' , do rou think you wou 1 feel if
you .were invited /to -be- a. guest of a
friend, and' had accepted, and v were on
the point of;' packing your dress suit
case, you learned that he had called in t
an auctioneer, and sold the pictures off
his walls to /replenish, his funds to en
tertain" you?" Wouldn't it, v jar you a
trifle? Well, that's. just what the Duke
of Marlbp rough "-.did -a" few weeks ago.
preliminary to a big house party— but
-what could the poor Duke do? Con
suelo has -pulled the strings? of her
moneybags, and his guests had to be
fedllaye, feasted^Herice the auctioneer
and his little' hammer. Where was
Vanderbilt pere.? ,-. is asked • abroad. "A
new v/ife" say the knowing ones.
So Jimmie Coleman has sailed away
In his trusty, yacht, .the Aggie! On
board are some rare good spirits (cor
poreal spirits), -Charlie Dickman,
Charles Rollo Peters 'arid Harry, Stuart
Fonda. ' \/ ,/. - ; ;". ¦- 'I ••¦'. . : .'^t.- 1; -
They- are. cruising leisurely along the
coast.- bound 1 for"; Southern ; : California
and Mexlco^-that is lfthe gallant skip
per, doesn't 1 lose his', bearings. All of
which* calls to miiid a cruise of the Ag
giea few years ago that live long
in the memories of -<the unwilling voy
agers—likewise* of -their ;relatives,, who
were beginning to -frame 'up' suitable
garb for mourning. .And; it. all came
about '.most .innocently^ .
,.>[ A -ball was- to, be- given at the Hotel
Raniona ., at j San. Luis -^Obispo, . and a
merry band of! men \ and maids, dis
creetly chaperoned; -went .*• down- . from
Paso;Rcbles; Springs ; to: attend it. In
tending '• to -return- the following morn
ln - '^BBmSBSSWtSSnitS&K
. After the music had died away and
the blossoms: had and the
dancers had said adieu, Mr. Coleman
invite<l the /. chaperohe, an estimable
young' matron, to take the party down
to Port ' Harford and go, for a' little
cruise'about in the channel. The "ayes"
had it, and they went. ' .
Well, the tides didn't behave nicely,
• .- the steering gear got 'out of focus,
or something went askew," and aniid
laughter and -merrymaking the yacht'
drifted out upon the ocean. . { ,Vhen the
disco -—y was— made the - laughter
ceased for a time, but courage rose, in
the- breasts of the amateur seamen' and
the fun went on. So did the yacht.
Well, the morning dawned," the day
g:2w apace and night crjne, on— still
they were no nearer landing.- Therskip
per, however, kept her near" the coast
in the hope of being picked up. . ;
By this time the humor of the sit
t 'ion became a thin visior- "-- « cold
night air -was penetrating through the
summer gowns of r the girls,*; most : of
whom had fallen victims to mal'de mer,
provisions were beginning look like
half, rations and even the'men had a
hard time looking pleasant.
Like the ancient mariner •they, drift
ed on a painted ocean for three days,
when they finally landed through the
surf at \ Cojo Rancho, then belonging
to that fine 'fold Calif orniani • General
Murphy of Santa Margarita, who; by
the way, was one of the party ".^ In tell
ing, the tale the old raconteur* used' to
acknowledge offering the whole of. Cojo
ranch. to any man on board who vould
shoot him as he lay on deck for; those
three ' days in the agonies of- mal de
mer. . " * .
; After landing the party found a cabin
near the beach ..belonging, to some. Por
tuguese fishermen, who vacated . it in
favor. of the bedraggled band and hur
ried a way,, to telegraph to the' hotel at
Paso Itobles that the . party was : safe
an.l sound. . " . /
"After, some hot coffee and a -lit tie rest
the band- of mariners started : home
ward/ riding some twenty miles ' to '•¦ get
the train to Paso Roble* " . ' .. . . ¦. -,
As in all Southern households,- the
daughters were reared in an 1 atmos- :
phere of hospLtality, and the \ art of
hostess was imbibed, rather than ac
quired. And thus Is Mrs. Wright a.
fitting mistress of the palace, to which
the army and navy men In the Isle -of
Palms gravitate, always assured . of , a
cheery welcome.. Miss - Voorhies held
a merry court in .the palace for nearly
a year— and what sighs followed her
over the ocean! ' '
The navy is never outdone .by. .the
army in -hospitality. . 12 the officers at
the Presidio had a merry dance,-why,
so did'the offlqers at the- Mare Island
Navy Yard. ; v •
Among those who danced 'at Friday
night's affair were Mr. and Mrs. C.'B.'
T. Moore, Miss Frances Moore,. Lieu
tenant Commander and Mrs. Theodore
C. Fenton, Chaplain; and Mrs.\ A. Aj
McAllister, the Misses Williams, Naval
Constructor and Mrs. F.-B. Zahm, Miss
Courtney. Collins' of New York, Lieu
tenant Alexander N.' Mitchell . of the
United States receiving ship Independ
ence, and Mrs. Mitchell/ Mrs. B. F." Til
ley, Mrs. Mary Turner, Mrs. James H.
Glennon, Miss Isabel; Glenrion, 1 . Mrs. R.
M. Cutts, Mrs." D.P.Hall of yallejo".
Miss Simons," Miss Helen Sin^pris, Miss
Frances Wagoner,' Miss Marian
of San Francisco, Miss Ruth' Brooks of
San Francisco, j Miss Marie English of
Vallejo, -Miss Caroline McDougal,; Cap
tain Jay W. Salladay, U.""S. M. C.? of
the U. S.S. Boston; Assistant Civil En
gineer Frederick H.'; Cook,, 11 Lieu
tenant William H.V Pritchert, • U. S. M.
; C. ; | Paymaster M. [ R. Goldsborough of
the • U. S. -receiving ship' Independence ;
Lieutenant Douglass McDoug'aVU.- S.
M. C. ; Midshipman John • L. Arwine • of
the If. S. S. Boston, and "Hqward Mc-
Crea of Vallejo. :
• • •
Mrs. .Fitzalan Long has returned
from Washington . and ; is now resting
muler the roof tree of ' th<r iieaua. home
THREE CHARMING MAI DENS WHO HA VEBEEN CO NSPICUO US IN SOCIETY.
__ : *
nRtive heath is Miss Diana Morgan-
Hill,; the daughter of the raven-haired
beauty of the Garden City, Diana Mur
phy.
.The Morgan-Hills have been living in
Washington for some time, where Miss
Diana has made a social triumph.
Though not of the type of beauty of
her mother, she is none the less lovely,
and it is said by those who have met
.the little ' maid, since her coming out,
that she is clever as well as pretty.
• * *
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Shurman, Mr.
and Mrs. W. K. Snedaker and Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. Wood, of San Francisco,
have arrived in London and are stay
ing at the Hotel Cecil.
• • ¦ •
Mr.. and Mrs. W. H. Crocker of San
Francisco have arrived in London and
are among the American visitors stay
ing at the Carleton Hotel.
• • •
¦Mrs. Saldee Knowland Coe of Evans
ton, 111., is visiting her parents in Ala
meda, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Knowland.
Mrs. Coe has won a national reputa
tion as an interpreter of Indian music,
likewise of Wagnerian lore, upon which
she will give recitals before the Chau
tauquans in New York. on her return.
It is much to be regretted that this bril
liant pianist's visits to the coast are. so
timed that the club3 are unable to hear
her, all the organizations going into
summer session in May.
The wedding of Miss Anna Ashe
Sperry and Lieutenant Clarence Carri
gan will not occur in August, as was
intended, as the plan3 of the young
officer have been altered by the stern
call of duty. The wedding will proba
bly be a fall function.
' Dr. and Mrs. J. O. Hirschfelder have
returned from a visitto their son. Dr.
Arthur D. Hirchf elder of Johns Hop
kins University. En route they visited
the fair.
? • •
After a year's travel In Europe, Mrs.
A. P. Hotaling has reached San Fran
cisco.
• • •
Parry R. Cole gave a dinner party
at, his bungalow on Buckley avenue,
Sausalito, last evening in honor of Mr.
and Mrs. Sturdivant, Miss Rickard and
Lord Cathlo.
Mr.. and Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann
have been the guests of tha Edward
Aliens at "La Lomerta," • Sonoma,
where they have had a merry time.-
The Manns are now at their cottage
at Ben Lomond, where they will en
tertain a gay house pa*rty over the
Fourth, among whom will be Mi3s Al
len and Louis S." Martel.
Mr. and Mrs. James FoHjs, Miss Ethel
Tomkins and Miss Daisy Van Nes3 re
turned" this week from their voyage
over. tfie. blue. Pacific. .The party has
ramento-street home preparatory to
making their home at their Long Beach
cottage, where the nuptials of the fair
Susanne will occur.
This arrangement does not meet with
the approval of the maiden's friends.
¦who had hoped to assist at her wed
ding.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Ture I* Steen (formerly
Miss Bessie Center) have about decided
to make their home, for the present at
any rate, in Zurich, Switzerland, as Mr.
Steen's business demands his presence
there for a time.
• • •
Miss Jennie Crocker will visit at
Burlingame this summer, where a very
gay session Is promised.
Miss Etelka Willlar of Sausalito Is
spending several weeks in Oregon as
the guest of Miss Elsa Draper at her
mother's summer home. Mis3 Draper
is one of the stunningest girls in San
Francisco, and will be numbered amons
this coming -winter's debutantes, n
• • •
Two -weddings of interest will occur
during July— that of O3car Sutro and
Miss Mary O'Sullivan and the Steele-
Shorb affair.
A number of smart society people who
own country homes are planning house
parties, to be given over the Fourth.
Among those who will entertain friends
in this way are the Misses Allen. Miss
Christine Pomeroy. Mrs. Horace
Blanchard Chase, Miss Redding, Miss
Mabel Dodge and a number of others.
The Misses Allen will have as their
guests Miss Jessie Wright. Miss Mar
garet Wilson and Willie Goldborough.
* • •
Dr. and Mrs. J. S. Shepard are en-
Joying a week or ten days' stay at Ord
Barracks as the guest of Major and
Mrs. Kendal. Dr. Shepard is on duty
at the General Hospital.''
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Bishop are en-
Joying a brief honeymoon at Rowarden
nan. Upon their return they -will maka
their home in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. H. I*. Van "Wyck and
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck. who* have
been staying at Willlts, have left
there and are now at Cloverdale.
Baroness von Schroeder is entertain
ing Miss Alice Burke, a little Irish lass
of much chic and beauty. Mrs. Eleanor
Martin will entertain her after her San
Rafael visit. X
• • •
Mrs. Charles Huff sailed on the Pu
ebla for Puget Sound Navy Yard,
where she will Join her husband. En
sign Huff of the Concord, which is at
present stationed there.
The Bayard Cuttings, who have been
spending several weeks at Del Monte,
have arrived here and -:e at the St.
Francis. Bayard Cutting Jr. is one of
the well known Cutting family of New
York. A'V>-
Mr3. Andrew Welsh of San Francisco,
accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. Lent and
family, will pas3 the summer at Hotel
Vendome.
Mr. and Mrs. James Oxnard have ar
rived in Southern California from their
home in New York and have taken a
villa at Miramar near Mr. and Mrs.
Benjamin Oxnard, where they will
spend the summer.
The climber! Who is she of whom we
¦ar so much these azure days upon
e hotel veranda?
From the tone and air of the execu-
ive board of tabbies, in diurnal session
fsembled. one might conclude her a
sernbt-f cf the "social highwaymen."
'he trial concluded, and the fair victim
)und guilty — as she usually is — an in
cnigation of the accused and the
ccuser affords amusement to him who
= . blessed with a sense of humor.
Having a certain knowledge of the an
o.-edents of many of our smart set —
.hicli I hasten to acknowledge was
r.'istly respectable— there are among
htm many former schoolteachers,
•oarding-house keepers, gownmakers
nd workers for the Government, and a
Tew — just a few — who earned their liv
:rs in even less polite capacities than
these. Owing to the unadjusted con
'litions oi Western society in the old
days, these women, eminently respect-
..iile ai:d desirable as helpmeets, were
wooed and won by men of fortune —
hence their present 'leadership. Now.
do -creature of intelligence is prepared
to say— nor to believe— that because
these women were working women.
honestly and bravely maintaining
themselves before marriage, that they
are thereby unfitted \o form the bul
wark ct the smart set of to-day — other
things being equa!. But what of their
views of a woman who aspires now to
the association of their sets, even
though she bear the evidences of cul
u:re and breeding in her manner and
i inner*? Here is the class of women —
th<*y who themselves bent to the rule
< f the taskmaster — that have the word
•"climber" oftenest upon their tongues.
And this is no idle comment! It has
proven itself time out of mind. It is
i he former "climbers," madame, who
raise such a cry about the new
"c-IIrnbcrs" — and by the way, who is
there in the length and breadth of the
land who has not climbed — or tried to —
from the old environment, the old set
cf friends, the old association, not, of
'.-ourse, breaking with them, but sup
plementing them with new surround
ings, new friends, new experiences?
That is a legitimate ambition and a
blessed feature of a democracy such as
\> c believe our nation t< be. and wholly
consistent with the traditions upon
which it was founded. To be sure,
there are limitations— the candidate
must possess education, culture, tact
and sufficient wealth to maintain a
social position. And with these attri
butes, with a clean character behind
• them, the "climber" of to-day is as
eligible to the inner circles as are the
/climbers" of yesterday. As to the
worthiness of the ambition, that is an
other question, . for the achievement
mus-t be great to compensate for the
efforts— and the lorgnettes.
.Of course, to 6ay that our smart set
Is composed entirely of "climbers" of
yesterday would not be a true state
ment of facts, as th,ere are among
them those whose forbears have at
tained to honors in the affairs of the
nation, and whose claims to aristocracy
—could there be such a class in a re
public — could be readily established.
But It is not" this class of • women,
raaik you. that carries the opprobrious
term of •"climber," applying it to those
who fain woud see themselves enrolled
among the mighty. If the newcomer
possesses the attributes of a gentle
woman, that is enough— provided she is
itsreeable and contributory to the
pleasures of their set
And it is to this class, whose' for
bore did the climbing for them a few
centuries ago, 'that recruits for social
favors must look for encouragement.
But beware of the dame who herself
hr.F 'limbed— lest you are impervious
!•> frappe!
. Caddish? Why. of course, but none
the less the truth.
The week recorded some attractive
weddings. There were the Frank-
Hecht nuptials on Wednesday, the
Khrxnan-Hellman affair on Thursday,
both of which were well appointed
home weddings, and that of Captain
Edgar H. Fry, the popular officer of
the Thirteenth Infantry, and Miss Mary
2.!aus, whose nuptials were celebrated
at Fort Riley. Kan.
The wedding at the Hecht home was
chaiarlerized by o.uiet elegance. The
bride, who by the way shares with her
staters the Hecht type of beauty and
style, was very attractive in her trap
pings of bliss.
As would be expected, Mrs. Mark
Gerstle was one of the most fascinat
ing women present. She possesses the
singer, the verve, if you please, that
differentiates her from the average so
ciety woman. Besides, she is clever.
Her talent at vaudeville has often
been the topic of public comment.
The young bride will go to her Bal
timore home, after a journey through
the southland.
The Hellman home became a minia
ture forest for the festive affair of
Thursday. Palms spread their grace
ful fronds over the lower floor, mak
ing an exquisite setting for the white
robed bride and her fair attendants —
and pretty maids they were, these coy
attendants, Miss Vaq Nuys of" Los An
geles. Miss Rena Jacobi of New York
and Mrs. E. S. Heller.
• • •
The Fry-Maus wedding was a mili
ary affair, naturally, but the dis
patches tell of great elaborateness of
detail. The young couple are headed
this way, stopping at St Louis to look
in at the fair. But what a place for
fond lovers! Surely, the woods should
be more alluring. But it's a safe
guess that the young people won't
spend much time in the Agricultural
Hall or its sister solemnities. Ah!
the Pike! That's the place to find
one's friends.
Tuesday night brought forth the
dainty party frock— the Presidio hop
was on. And the hosts were the cav
alry and artillery officers— charming
chaps and splendid hosts.
The hop room was gay with the stars
and stripes, a fitting background for
the uniformed sons of Mars, who were
entertaining for the last time for some
weeks, as many organizations will soon
leave for maneuvers.
• • •
Among those -^;sent were: Major
and Mrs. Van Vliet. Mrs. A. H. Voor
hies. Mrs. Coulson, Miss Katherine
Wright, Captain and Mrs. Christian.
Major Ruthers, Captain and Mrs. Gar
ratt, Captain and Mrs. Robert Aber
nathy. Captain and Mrs. "Schreffels,
Miss Isabel Kendall, Captain and Mrs.
Thomas Pearce, Miss Ursula Stone,
Miss Downing, Miss Bonnie Downing,
Miss Lucretia Burnham. Miss Jane
Swiegert, Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss Irene
Sabin, Miss Morris, Miss Jeanette Deal.
Lieutenant Talbot, Lieutenant Wil
liams, Leslie Harkness. Philip Paschel,
Dr. Swasey, Lieutenant Leavitt, Lieu
tenant and Mrs. Newton, Lieutenant
Brigham, Lieutenant Carrigan, Miss
Anna Sperry, Mr. Henderson, Walter
Ross, Professor Landfleld, Dr. Lystcr,
Captain Frederick Johnston, Dr. Ed
gar M. Spencer. Mr. Lacey and many
others.
Following the dance, several suppers
were on the cards, the largest being
that given by Captain Johnston, the
debonair favorite of Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Among the gallant captain's
guests were: Mrs. Voorhies, Mrs. Coul
son, Miss Katherine Wright, Captain
and Mrs. Pearce, Miss Darragh, Miss
Ursula Stone, Miss Isabel Kendall,
Miss Jeanriette Deal, Miss Pearl Sabin,
Miss Irene Sabin, Mr. Landfleld, Les*
lie Harkness. Mr. Henderson, Philip
Paschel, Mr. Spencer. Mr. Lacey and
Walter Ross. *&&&.
• • .
-Among the ¦_ pretty maids who
danced . at i the ' hop on Tuesday was
Miss Katherine .Wright, daughter of
Governor. Wright of Manila, who with
her aunt, Mrs. Coulson, Is visiting
Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhies. Tall,
finely formed, overflowing with girlr
ish vivacity aVifl interested in every de
tail of life, she. is having a merry
time. After a short visit at the home
on California . street, where, by the
way, the hospitality of the South has
Invaded every nook and cranny. Miss
Wright will sail for her island home.
Since the appointment of her. father
to the Governorship she has been at
school in New York and the coming
winter will be her first season at the
palace. As a debutante she will be a
famous success, possessing , the two
necessary elements that make for It—
a- clever •personality of her own and
a mother, who Is herself a. successful
hostess. :Nbw, those who remember
Admiral Semmes, the ' gallant old
Southerner, who commanded the Ala
bama, will recall his ;two beautiful
daughters— they, who are now Mrs
Couls-on and Mrs. .Wright
• • •
Another beautiful maid of California
birth who has wandered away from her
. California's fair daughters always
attract a vast amount of attention in
the East. .Among the most admired is
Miss Hildegard • McKenna. who left
here very soon after coming out; she
has -developed into a splenu..- . type of
womanhood, typical of the "West.
She is now visiting White Sulphur
Springs. Va.,/with her father. Justice
McKenna, where she Is holding high
court. i'-c^'A
• • •
Those who saw them arrive will never
forget the sight, but In the shouts of
laughter that greeted the party there
were tears glistening In the eyes
of friends who had waited long for tid
ings—but they were tears of gratitude.
But all this Is ancient history! Still,
it is talked of yet, with many a laugh,
by those who drifted about on the blue
ocean those three long days. . What a
disheveled lot they were, men and
maids. alik>*!
• • •
The Bizbys tfive' given up their Sap-
• ¦•?:• -."¦ •
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Russell. Mrs.
E. A. Drexler and Miss J. A. McCallum.
of San Francisco, have arrived in Lon
don and are staying at the Cecil HoteL
Thejfe friends have been In the East
since last autumn, making extensive
travels in Egypt. Palestine, etc.
Mrs. Andrew J. Moulder of 1913 Pa
cific avenue has taken a house on th<*
corner of Clay and Gough streets, into
which she and her family will remove
shortly.
Ethel Barrjmnre will be entertained
royally on her arrival here, the pretty
little maid having made many friends
during her last visit here with her un
cle. John Drew. At that time th* To
bins entertained for her. and many
others of the Burlingame set.
been absent about a ™nth makin,
the trip In the Mariposa. That 3 the
sort of tonic for jaded nerves.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^GALL, JULY 3. 1904.
20
THE CLIMBERS
WHO ARE THEY ?NOTED JURIST WHO WAS GUEST OF HONOR AT BANQUET GIVEN BY LEGAL FRATERNITY.
DEMOCRATS WHO ARE PROMINENT IN THEIR PARTY'S COUNCILS AT ST. I.OUIS.
War News Continued on Page 22.
Continued on Pase S3, Column 6.
ST. LOUIS, July 2.— "No compromise
with the radical silver element, no
half-way plank In the platform In at
tempting to placate the radicals, but
a straightforward declaration for
sound money."
That Is the statement that the Dem-
Empire State's Delegation Demands a
Sound Money Plank.
NEW YORK'S PROGRAMME.
MILWAUKEE, July 2.— Waukesha
County farmers have taken to the
warpath against the Chicago automo
bilists. The first overt act on the part
of the country folk was committed to
day, when several Chicago automobile
clubs passed through the county, on
their Wisconsin tour. Heaps of gravel
blocked the way of the motorists. The
cars puffed 1 and the drivers expressed
their desire to get hold of the agri
culturists. Finally the barricades
were passed. No legal action can be
taken against the perpetrators of the
gravel outrage because the farmers
claim they put the gravel on the roads
for the purpose of. repairing them.
Tour of Chicago Clubs Interrupted by
Heaps of Gravel Deposited on
Roads by Ranchers. \
FARMERS DECLARE WAR
AGAINST AUTOMOBILES
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — The
outcome of the naval engagements off
Port Arthur and Tsu Island is monop-*S
ollzlng public interest The land
operations in Manchuria are believed
to have been practically adjourned for
six weeks, until the rainy season shall
have ended.
Telegrams from Liaoyang agree that
the Japanese are withdrawing from
their positions, the capture of which
entailed the expenditure of so much
blood and ammunition. The same
telegrams show that the Russians are
promptly taking advantage of the
withdrawal of the Japanese and are
assuming the offensive, Inflicting con
siderable losses upon the Japanese.
The close of active operations in
such circumstances has greatly re
stored confidence. Russian, fours to
day rose %, above 92, the high
est price In many weeks. The real
cause of this change is that the out
look gives rise to considerable specu
lation. Some persons are inclined to
attribute the Japanese retreat to the
Arrival of heavy reinforcements and
supplies, including 35,000 tents, for the
Russian army corps at Liaoyang.
Others believe that Field Marshal
Oyama, the newly appointed com
mander in chief of the Japanese forces
In Manchuria, has decided not to ven
ture further until the rains are over.
Others/'again, see a .connection be
tween the Japanese retreat and the ap
pearance of a Russian squadron
threatening the Japanese lines of com
munication. The < Liaoyang corre
spondent of the Bourse Gazette de
clares that the entire credit : for . the
Japanese retreat belongs to General
Kuropatkin, who at last has rewarded
the patience of the Russian people. ' .
Truce for the Present.
Japanese Retirement 3Iay Mean a
RAINY SEASON ENDS STRIFE.
The ground upon which the appeal
was granted* is that the defendant is
accused of an infamous offense and the
Supreme Court Is the only tribunal
having sole jurisdiction.
The defendant urges that the
checks, amounting to $2000, were
cashed at Washington and that If any
offense was committed it was done at
Washington and not at St. Louis.
Senator Burton was fined $2500 and
sentenced to the Iron County (Mis
souri) jail for six months. He ap
pealed' to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals, but to-day's action
takes the case direct to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
An appeal bond of $10,000 was Im
mediately furnished by . Senator Bur
ton, who was present in court.
ST. LOUIS, July 2. — Judge Elmer B.
Adams of the United States District
Court to-day granted United States
Senator Joseph R. Burton of Kansas,
convicted of accepting money from a
company under investigation by the
Postoffice Department, an- appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Missouri Judge Grants Burton Right
to Take Case to United States
Supreme Court.
GIVES CONVICTED SENATOR
LEAVE TO MAKE AN APPEAL
fcT. LOUIS, July 2.— All the men who
will decide the Presidential, contest
have not yet appeared in the conven
tion city, but among those who are
here there seems to be a conviction that
Judge Alton B. Parker will be nom
inated early in the balloting. His most
radical supporters claim that he will be
named on the first ballot, while others
say that favorite sons • must be first
complimented before the necessary
two-thirds will vote for him. A claim
that will not be disputed in authorita
tive quarters is that Parker will have
a good majority on the first ballot from
States which will compel speedy recog
nition in the convention.
The arrival of the^alifornia and
other delegations from the West which
are under instructions to vote for
Hearst stirred the atmosphere early in
the ddy, and there was some specula
tion as to what strength, Hearst actu
ally had in the convention. The claim
of the Hearst managers of more than
one-third of the delegates, with power
sufficient to prevent the selection of
any candidate not" satisfactory • to
Hearst, Is not seriously considered by
friends of Parker. The Hearst men
have decided to have tests of strength
before the platform Is voted upon, and
will force a vote by putting forward a
candidate for permanent chairman.
GORMAN KEEPS UNDER COVER.
During the day there has been talk
of Cleveland, Gorman, Olney and'Har
mon. It seems to be understood that
Ohio intends to cast a complimentary
vote for Harmon and that Parker will
then get the delegation, with the pro
viso ; that Gorman's appearance as an
active candidate '- would materially
change the conditions. The only really
active and positive Gorman force at St.
Louis now Is' Henry G. Davis, former
Senator from West Virginia, and he is
not sure that Gorman will be a candi
date. It is not even known whether
Gorman wfll attend . the ; convention.
Something was expected ' to develop
about, Gorman's position upon the ar
rival of James M. Guffey, but the Penn
sylvania leader - did . not say anything
that Indicated that the Maryland Sen
ator would be a factor in the Presi
dential race.
Now and then there is a mention of
It is apparent that quite a number of
delegates are smarting under Instruc
tions for favorite sons. They feel that
they are being debarred from taking
part in the making of a Presidential
candidate unless there should b« a
prolonged struggle.
There was increased activity to
night, caused by the arrival of prom
inent New Yorkers, headed by former
Senators Hill and Murphy.
. Quite an effort has been made to cre
ate the impression that William F.
Sheehan, and not Hill, is the real rep
resentative of Parker. This is for the
purpose of meeting the frequent charge
that Parker is "Hill's man." But the
arrival of Hill and the many calls made
upon him Indicate that he is at least
the political head of the Parker move
ment.
While the Presidential situation Is
the most Interesting feature of the
ante-convention days, the platform is
a subject of debate and serious consid
eration. Many suggestions have al
ready been made, but no one can say
which will meet with the most favor.
Some of the delegates believe the plat
form will engender the greatest con
test of the convention.
TOO 3IANY FAVORITE SONS.
former Secretary Olney and connected
with it the suggestion that Olney is
the only man intimately connected with
the last Democratic administration cr
who is being put forward by the con
servative element who is not objec
tionable to Bryan. So far no one has
appeared as Bryan's representative to
confirm or deny this report, but it is
said that, in case of the balloting be
ing prolonged, Olney would receive the
first accessions from the Bryan men,
who prefer the Massachusetts man to
Parker. ;_*. ,-¦
ocratlc leaders from New York— thos»
who control the majority, and, there
fore, the whole delegation under the
unit 'rule — who landed- in St- X Louis
to-night. Former United States Sena
tor David B. Hill will represent that
State in the committee on resolutions
and will present the sound money
plank. When It is adopted, as he thor
oughly believes it will be. It will, ia
the New York leader's estimation,
sound the tocsin for the nomination of
Judge Alton B. Parker.
Former Senator Hill, former Senator
Edward Murphy, Senator Patrick H.
McCarren, William F. Sheehan. Jacob
A. Cantor, Eugene D. Wood, Eliot Dan
forth, P. H. McCabe and other leaders
arrived here this evening. En route
they had decided upon a policy and
their decision means adoption by the
New York State delegation on Tuesday
despite Tammany opposition, because
Hill and those already here with him
control by two-thirds.
Former United States Senator Hill
will be on the committee on resolu
tions; former Lieutenant Governor
William P. Sheehan on the committee
on credentials; former United States
Senator Edward Murphy will cast the
seventy-eight votes of New York State
for Alton B. Parker and a sound money
plank; Norman E. Mack will be na
tional committeexnan.
No decision was reached on the ques
tion of a tariff declaration. Senator
Hill believes that the plank should be
tariff for revenue only, but he falls to
get equally as ardent representatives
of Judge Parker as, for Instance. Wil
liam F. .Sheehan and Jacob A. Cantor
to agree with him. They contend that
the plank should be as nearly like the
Republican plank as it can consistently
be, for the smaller manufacturers
throughout the country will vote
against any platform not containing a
promise of protection for them.
Senator Hill during the day ex
pressed the belief that Judge Parker
would be chosen on the second ballot,
if not on the first.
There Is a growing belief amon;
those of the party arriving to-day that
the Tammany delegation, appreciating
the strength of Parker and having no
argument to present against his fitness.
EAN JOSE, July 2.— The most nota- I
tie gathering in the history of the Cal
ifornia legal fraternity was held this
evening at the Hotel Vendome. It was
the fourth annual reception and.ban
quet of the Santa Clara County Bar
Association. Judge Augustus Loring
Rhodes, former Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of California and one
cf the best known lawyers in the State,
¦was the special guest of honor. Among
other guests or the occasion, who came
to pay honor to Judge Rhodes, were
members and former members of the
Supreme Court and prominent lawyers
frcni the principal cities of the State.
It is not probable that euch an array of
jurists was ever before gathered at a
banquet in the western part of the
United States. Only lawyers were
present. Plates were laid for ninety.
From 8 to 9 o'clock a reception was
held, and the legal fraternity of Santa
Cltra County given a chance to meet
the noted Jurists of the State. The re
ception committee consisted of Hon. H.
D. Tuttle, Hon. M. H. Hylands, Hon.
S. F. Leib, James H. Campbell, Jack
sen Hatch, D. M. Burnett, C D.
Wright, James R. Lowe. J. C. Black,
W. A. Bowden, S. G. Tompkins, Louis
O'Neal, P. F. Gosbey, Joseph R. Pat
ton. W. P. Veuve, L. B. Archer. W. B.
Hardy. F. B. Brown, W. A. Beasly, R.
R. Eyer. Henry French, H. L, Par
tridge, C. W. Cobb. H. A. Gabriel. C. T.
Bird, C C. CooUdge and W. M. Beggs.
PRETTY FLORAL DECORATIONS.
The banquet hall was prettily deco
rated with potted palms, red ribbons
and electric lights. On the* tables* were
sixteen ecalea of Justice, made of red
cweet peas, and before the seat of
honor was % larger scale of the same
Cowers. Oft this were the Initials of
the honored guest.
V. A. Scheller, president of the Santa
Clara County Bar Association, was the
president of the evening. He delivered
an address of welcome and introduced
John E. Richards, who acted as toast
xn aster.
The responses were made by Chief
Judge A. L. Rhodes, in whose honor
the banquet was given, is one of the
most prominent attorneys in the State.
He is 83 years of age and has been
practicing in the courts since 1854. He
was admitted to the bar in Indiana In
1846. In 1859 Judge Rhodes was Dis
trict Attorney of. Santa Clara, and in
1SSO represented this district in the
State Senate. Judge Rhodes was a
member of the Supreme Court for six
teen years, taking his seat- in 1864.
From 1870 to 1872 he "was Chief' Justice.
In 1899 Governor Gage appointed him
Judge of the Superior Court of this
county, and he has filled the position
ever since.
A committee consisting of J. E. Rich
ards, chairman; V. A. Scheller, S. F."
Leib. N. Bowden, J. H. Campbell and
E. E. Cothran had charge of the ban
quet. The officers of the Santa Clara
Bar Association, which tendered ¦ the
banquet, are: President, V. A. Scheller;
vice president, W. A. Johnston; secre
tary, Edwin Coolidge. Many of the
piesta at the banquet will remain In
Justice W. H. Beatty, former _ Chief
Justice John Currey of San Francisco,
Hon. John Garber of San Francisco
and Judge Rhodes. The speeches were
all of an informal nature and largely
reminiscent. The invited guests,present
were Chief Justice W. H. Beatty, Jus
tice T. B. McFarland, Justice Walter
Van Dyke; Justice F. W. Henshaw,
Justice W. H. Lrorigan, Justice Lucien
Shaw, Justice F. M. Angellotti, former
Chief Justice John Currey of San Fran
cisco, former Chief Justice Nlles Searls
of Berkeley, former Justice W. T. "Wal
lace of San Francisco, former Justice
C.H.Garroutte of San Francisco, former
Justice Ralph C. Harrison of San Fran
cisco, former ' Justice M. H. Myrick of
Campbell, Judge W. W. Morrow of the
Circuit Court of San Francisco, Hon.
John Garber of' San Francisco, Hon. T.
L Bergin of San Francisco and Hon.
E. C. Hart of Sacramento.
Letters of regret were read from a
number who could not attend. The
menu was an elaborate one. A fine
musical programme was rendered by
an orchestra during the evening. It
was past midnight when the gathering
dispersed.
NOTED GUEST OF HONOR.
the city to-morrow and be the guests
of various members of the local bar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Landslide to Parker Likely to Follow His Showing
of Strength on the First Ballot
Members of California Legal Fraternity Pay Tribute
of Respect to Judge A. L. Rhodes.
A striking feature of the last
engagement at Dalin, as well as'
in the fight with;General Mist
chenko's forces was that the Jap
anese tried a bayonet' charge,
to which they had. not been pre
viously partial. Their lines went
to the charge with loud cries of
"Aiyr! Aiyr!" but almost to h.
man were mowed down by the
Russian rifle fire.
One of the Japanese prisoners
captured by General Mistcljenko
says that the provisions of the
Japanese are running out and that
the troops are badly fed. For two
days prior to his capture, the pris
oner said, the Japanese had eaten
nothing, and this statement Is
confirmed by Chinese. The Jap
anese commissary is entirely sup
plied from tfapan, an d conse
quently, is dependent upon sea
communication, and the effect of
the losses of many vessels iiTthe
recent storm is beginning to be se
verely felt.
LI AO YANG, July 2.— The re
cent successes of the Russians at
Dalin and in Major General Mist
chenko's engagement with the
Japanese have engendered a much
better feeling here. It is report
ed that in the fighting of June 26
and June 27 the Japanese lost
8000 men, and that their losses in
the operations against Mistchenko
were 1500.
Commissary Supplies Are Rnnning
fLow and Island Warriors Are
Often Hungry.
Valiant Brown Men Mowed
Down While Charging ,
Witt Bayonet .
Enormous Losses of
the Japanese at
tvqIiti
Udlllli
THOUSANDS
ON BATTLE'S
DEATH ROLL
GATHER AT BANQUET TABLE
TO HONOR A NOTED JURIST
\ ___ ui, ft
*1 Yl f} «TSJL7j9uE*Sm p i
Torsoftst mad* M Baa rtmi
dsoo fo* tMrty booxa amsJaff
mlOalffct, JtOy 8, 18041 «
Baa rnadsoe and TldBitr—
ralr BvaOay, wlta for (a ta*
mnrntur »&A *> alcixtj %xl«k
wwterlr wl&Oa.
A. a. XOAS23B.
XJcaaar— "Soldier* aX Sroitnm*.*
aiatia»« to-day.
Central — "Power of £&• Cross. 1 *
Matlae« to-day.
Cliutes — Vaudeville.
Pl«cli«r'«— "Tht Vt f fr mf 'ii m / f it*S
lnao to-day.
Grand — "Baxter* WrteJil*."
Matiaea to-day.
Orpbvom — Vaudeville. XXjitla««
to-day.
Tlvoli— "BoMo Hood.*
V2D9 gBHATirC?!.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 38.
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 32.
ST. LOUTS, July 2. — More bitter than the fight oxer the Presidential nomination In the Democratlo
National Convention will be that over the composition of the new platform. The New York lead
en who arrived to-day announced that they would Insist that the platform declare for "sound
money" unequivocally. It Is believed a large majority of the conservative element will Join with
New York In this fight against the Bryan whig and the result may be a split In the party. The anti-
Parker forces to-day took steps toward a concentration of their strength, bat the outlook to-nisht was
regarded as extremely favorable for the New York Jurist. The opposition admits that he win have a ma
jority of the convention on the first ballot and his friends are confident that ho win easily get a tsvo
thirds vote on the second ballot, when the complimentary votes to "favorite sons" will have been elimin
ated.
FIGHT OVER NATIONAL PLATFORM MAY DISRUPT DEMOCRACY;
ANTI-PARKER FACTIONS FORM COMBINATION AGAINST JURIST
The San Francisco Call.In Milan there are restaurants run by
the Unlone Co-operativa in- which- a
plate of soup, costs 1 cent, a portion of
beef 6. and veal 7 cents.
Several thousand soldiers will use the
mails to make application to be.regis
tered, and as the available supply of
responsible- "dummies" is, ; limited to a
few hundred at the most, It will be seen
that the soldier who does not appear in
person is taking a chance. . .
OMAHA, July 2.— The soldier who
wants to make sure of his chance to
register for a piece of land in the Rose
bud reservation must personally ap
pear at one of the registration points.
The reason for this is that as the day
for the opening of the registration
draws near the demand for "dummies"
to represent the soldier, as authorized
by the President's proclamation, has
become so strong that the price paid
has advanced from a reasonable fee of
{1 to as high*as $15, and in some 'cases
even higher. The fees have been paid,
with the result that in many cases
"dummies" engaged by or for one vet
eran have been switched off, and the
first comer has been betrayed. ,
According to the President's procla
mation a soldier may delegate an agent
to appear for him by a power of attor
ney, but that ag«nt can appear for one
soldier only. Early in the game a num
ber of locating agents at Bohesteel and
other points on the edge of the reser
vation secured lists of "soldiers' dum
mies."' Each dummy was paid $L for
which he was to register for the soldier
and later file on the land drawn.
Several hundred of these "dummies"
were easily secured in and around
Bonesteel, but more than 1000, apllca
tions have been received, and It is this
boom in the business which makes the
soldiers' registration a matter of con
siderable doubt. On Friday hangers-on
at the dance halls were secured at a fee
of 92 50. Saturday other locating agents
purchased the services of the same per
sons for $5. In the afternoon of the
same day many of them charged a still
larger fee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Act as "Dummies" for Sol
diers in' Land Eusli and
Then Sell Out to Others
AGENTS CHEAT
BOYS IN BLUE
ROME, July 2— The newB that France
has practically abolished the post of
embassador to the Vatican, owing to
the, action of the Budget Committee
of. the Chamber of Deputies In sup
pressing the appropriation for the em
bassy, has produced the gravest pre
occupation at the Vatican, as the inev
itability of a definite ' rupture is now
clearly seen. The only hope still enter
tained is the fall of Premier Combes'
ministry, which the papal nuncio at
Paris, Monsigrnor Lorenzelli, continues
to believe will occur, he saying that the
opposition ,to the cabinet is growing on
all Bides.
of Embassy Means Permanent
Rupture Is Inevitable.
Church Officials Believe Abolishment
VATICAN IS DISTURBED
BY ACTION OP FRANqE
WORCESTER, Mass., July 2.— By ac
cidentally stepping on a "bomb jack,"
a large. torpedo, Albert Childs, a clerk
of the Nelson Novelty Store In this city,
started a flre to-night which caused the
explosion of $700 worth of fireworks
and cut off forty clerks and customers
who were in the store from the only
exit. "Woman and children were in
jured and suffocated by smoke and
were rescued from the cellar, where
they had fled to avoid the flames.
Manuel Oviginlan was caught under an
elevator as It was descending with
twenty-five women and probably fatal
ly hurt. Jacob Bekin and Ovlgian
Oviginlan of New Haven are danger
ously ill from inhaling: smoke. Twen
ty-five women and children received
minor Injuries.
The elevator, which was crowded
with women and children, had reached
the first floor when the explosion oc
curred. Some one in the elevator
pulled the cord and sent the car Into
the cellar with its load of human
freight. The cellar was fast filling
with smoke and here the firemen found
the half suffocated people. It was with
difficulty that they were all finally
rescued. The financial loss was small.
Explosion of Giant Torpedo
Starts Blaze in Fireworks
Store and Causes Panic
SHOPPERS HAVE
NARROW ESCAPE
CHEHJ, July 2.— A junk was blown
up by a contact mine at the entrance
of the Llao River, below Newchwang,
on Friday. Twenty Chinese were
tilled and twelve Injured.
Junk Blown Up by a Mine.
"According to communications from
Port Arthur complete tranquillity pre
vails here. The inhabitants are so
used to bombardments by. the Jap
anese fleet 'that they make ho impres
sion and public life pursues its nor
mal course." .. .>.':
ST. PETERSBURG,. July 2.— A dis
patch received . here from Mukden
under to-day's date says: \.?-V < >'• \,
Populace Is Becoming Accustomed to
Daily Bombardments.'
PORT ARTHUR TRANQUIL.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD, Tues
day, June 28. — The Russian troops
have retreated all along the line be
fore the northern advance of the Jap
anese army and the country to the
northwest Is almost clear of them. A
cavalry division which has been active
In front of the Japanese right has re
tired along the roads and across the
country. It appears as though Gen
eral Kuropatkin feared he would be
surrounded. Should he determine to
make a stand at Liaoyang a decisive
battle before the rains Is probable.
This Is the Belief at the Headquarters
of Kuroki.
DECISIVE BATTLE NEAR.
It is declared that 32,000 troops are
engaged in guarding railroad com
munications and that the consequent
scarcity of troops at the disposition
of General Kuropatkin prevents his
taking active steps against the enemy.
The possible fall of Port Arthur Is
considered to be of less importance
than the guarding of railroad com
munications.
TIENTSIN. July 2. — It is reported
here that in speed trials conducted
recently outside of Port Arthur by the
Russian battleships Cesarevitch and
Retvizan these vessels developed 20
knots, and this Is taken to prove that
the repairs made upon them were suc
cessful.
Cesarevitch and Rctvizan Appear to
Be in Perfect Trim.
BATTLESHIPS SHOW SPEED.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — The
following dispatch from General Kuro
patkin, dated June 30, has been re
ceived by the Emperor:
"Not only has General Kurokl's for
ward movement In the direction of
Haicheng and Tatohekiao been sus
pended, but even the Japanese troops
marching on the road to Khanza,
toward Siandiao, have begun to retire
toward Chanza, on the road to Siu
yen. The village of Madiavize has
been occupied by our troops.
"No Japanese retreat has been ob
served on the southern road leading to
Kinchou. Our cavalry, operating in
the direction of Senuchen, has re
treated north under pressure of the
enemy.
"Southward of Halcheng the Jap-
sion of the Advance.
Kuropatkin Reports < Sudden Suspen-
JAPANS CHANGE OF PLAN.
Viceroy Alexieff, who was con
sulted on the subject, has telegraphed
that the British cruisers will be af
forded every facility at Petropavlovsk
to draw half the stock of coal,
amounting to 2000 tons. The British
ships will exercise the right of search
only in the case of British and Jap
anese vessels.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — The
Russian Government has accepted the
offer of Great Britain to police and
protect the seal fisheries of the Kom
mandor and Copper Islands, off Kam
chatka. On learning the intention of
Japanese and British sealers to take
advantage of the present war to de
vastate the herds on the islands, and
appreciating the difficulty of Russia at
present detailing warships for this
purpose. Great Britain volunteered to
undertake the task, provided the Rus
sian Government would allow British
warships to cruise, coal and take on
board supplies at Kamchatka; Russia
gladly accepted and to-day Informed
the British embassy of its acqui
escence.
Will Protect the Seal Fisheries Off
Kamchatka.
BRITAIN ASSISTS RUSSIA.
Publication of Dispatch Praising Ar
ticle on War Written by Tolstoi
Cause of Order.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — The
sale of the newspaper Novosti has
been forbidden because of publication
by that Journal of a dispatch from
London eulogizing the ten-column ar
tlcle^by Count Tolstoi on the Russo-
Japrmese war, recently published In
SALE OF RUSSIAN PAPER
" IS STOPPED BY CZAR
BERLIN, July 3. — The Nord
Deutsche Allegemeine Zeitung, in an
article on King Edward's visit, empha
hizes the indirect political value of the
meeting between the. King and the
Emperor at Kiel, but denies that any
agreement concerning special ques
tions was either designed or made.
The National Zeitung assumes that
the war in the Far East was the cen
tral point of all the discussions. The
paper argues that Great Britain and
Germany are equally interested in the
early restoration of peace; that the
war must injure trade and that the
time must ultimately come when the
Chinese will compel the Government
to participate. Consequently, the Zei
tung says, no patriotic Englishman
can desire the complete humiliation of
Russia.
The Tageblatt says It is informed
that the supreme efforts of the diplo
matists who are working quietly
toward the bringing about of inter
vention between Russia and Japan
will be directed to the prevention of a
division of the powers into two camps,
as occurred a decade ago. It is de
sired that intervention shall be a united
action on the part of all the neutral
great powers and It will be restricted
to a tender of good offices without th'e
slightest- tinge of compulsion. The
chances of such intervention is; con
sidered to be not at all unfavorable.
William and Edward.
Main Topic During the Meeting of
INTERVENTION DISCUSSED.
PARIS, July 2.— The French Embas
sador at St. Petersburg has advised
the Foreign Office that in response to
his inquiries relative to the Japanese
report of- the destruction of some Rus
sian ships at Port Arthur, the Govern
ment answered that Vice "Admiral To
¦ go'B report .was incorrect,-; as subse
quent official reports from Port Arthur
showed that the Russian fleet was in
tacU ' • . ¦
: ST.. PETERSBURG, July 2. — Much
satisfaction is expressed in all circles
with the information coming from Rus
sian official sources that Rear Admiral
Withoeft's squadron' did not -sustain
any damage in the fight at Port Arthur
on June 23. , .. .
The papers are' unsparing in their
denunciation of the reports dissem
inated -from Toklo of- the sinking of a
battleship and: the crippling of two
other warships. The Novoe Vremya
publishes a leading article on the sub
ject under the caption "Togo Lies."
BIG BATTLE REPORTED.
CHEFU, July 2.— It has been learned
here that a big battle was fought on
land near Port Arthur on June 26 and
June 27. The Japanese were success
ful and on the morning of the 28th they
occupied certain heights within ten
miles of Port Arthur. The First Jap
anese Division, which suffered so heav
ily at the battle of Nanshan Hill, and
the Eleventh Division, fresh from Ja
pan, were engaged. The Japanese
losses have not been learned, but the
Russians are said to have suffered
very heavily.
Refugees who left Port Arthur yes
terday and who have arrived here de
clare that wounded Russians were be
ing brought in by the hundred.
Other refugees from Pigeon Bay as
sert that hundreds of wounded Rus
sian soldiers were passing near the
bay, being transported in various
kinds of conveyances.
The fact that Russian wounded were
seen at Pigeon Bay, which is due west
of Port Arthur, would indicate that
the Japanese have advanced along the
east and west coasts of the peninsula
at the same time.
The two divisions which attacked
Port Arthur were composed of 40,000
men and an independent artillery
corps.
As a matter of precaution the Jap
anese have landed a division of 10,000
men on one of the Elliott group of isl
ands, and on June 28 they landed the
Sixth Division of 20,000 men at Kerr
Bay. These two divisions can be used
to reinforce General Oku's army near
Xalpino:, on the west side of the Liao
tung Peninsula and about forty miles
south of Newchwang, or the army un
der General Nozu before Port Arthur.
During the present week three large
and a number of smaller transports
have arrived at Port Dalny with an in
dependent artillery" corps, heavy siege'
guns and provisions for the Eleventh
Division.
HEAVY FIRING AT SEA.
Foreigners who have reached here
from Port Arthur and Japanese from
Port Dalny agree as to the success of
the Japanese on land, and from the
stories brought in by Junk men it would
appear that the Japanese have at least
good prospects of being successful at
sea. Junk men who have arrived from
Port Dalpy say they heard heavy fir
ing all day yesterday and until noon
to-day, while Junk men who have come
from Port Arthur report that a por*
It is believed the Japanese lost an
opportunity for attacking Liaoyang or
cutting the Russian lines of communi
cation. The rains render it imperative
to suspend operations.
A complete change of plans was dis
played by the Japanese on Friday in
retiring upon Hoichan. General
Keller in the meantime had been re
inforced by artillery and he harassed
the Japanese rear. Owing to the heavy
rains the movements of the guns and
transport wagons were exceedingly
difficult.
LIAOYANG.- July 2. — The Japanese
Guards division, which was engaged
in the attack on DaliivPass, is retiring
eastward and General Count Keller,
who has been reinforced, is following
up the Japanese.
A correspondent who has Just re
turned from the headquarters of
Count Keller's corps reports that on
Wednesday a Japanese division ad
vanced by a tortuous defile about
thirty miles east of Liaoyang. General
Keller had no artillery posted, but had
stationed three battalions of Infantry
along a crest commanding, the pass.
An obstinate fight followed and lasted
the whole night. The Russians lost
fifty men and the Japanese casualties
were larger. On Thursday morning
General Keller retired successfully,
withdrawing his men from the narrow
defiles.
Keller's 3Ien Oppose Japanese in a
Tortuous Defile.
BATTLE LASTS ALL NIGHT.
A dispatch from Tokio. dated June
29, probably referred to the same en
gagement reported by the Chefu corre
spondent. The Tokio message was not
official, but it said that Chikwanshan,
Chitanshan and Sochoshan. three forts
on the southeast line of the Port Ar
thur defenses, were captured by the
Japanese on Sunday, June 26,^ after an
all-day fight, which began with an ar
tillery duel. After the forts had been
taken the Russians retreated west
ward, leaving forty dead behind them.
The number of their wounded was not
learned. The Japanese lost three offi
cers and 100 men killed or wounded and
captured two guns and a quantity of
ammunition.
In conclusion, the Tokio correspond
ent said this report was not credited
by officials in Tokio.
tion of the Japanese fleet was off Port
Arthur last night. These two reports
indicate that a portion of the Japanese
fleet has engaged the enemy at sea,
while the remainder returned to Port
Arthur to cut off the retreat of the
Russian warships should retreat be
found necessary.
Foreigners who left Port Arthur yes
terday evening confirm the reports
brought by Chinese that there are only
four large Russian warships at Port
Arthur.
Following Numerous Reports of a Battle at Sea, Word
Beaches Tokio That "Phantom Squadron" Has Once
More Succeeded in Dodging Kamimura's Fleet.
The Russky Invalid, the army organ,
expresses the opinion that the move
ment of the Japanese from Fengwang
cheng in the direction of Liaoyang is
simply a demonstration made for the
purpose of checking the Russian cav
alry north of Siamatsza and drawing
General Kuropatkin's attention from
the Chipanlin and Dalin- passes, over
which the Japanese are advancing
toward Haicheng, which is their real
present objective.
The Journal de St. Petersburg prints
a special from Liaoyang, dated yester
day, saying the Japanese are retreat-
Ing all along the line.
anese have placed strong infantry ad
vance posts for a distance of 122 miles
along the roads leading from the dif
ferent passes.
"The Japanese advance in the Feng
wangcheng region has ceased; while
in the Huayensian and Sintsintin dis
trict the enemy has receded south
ward."
SEOUL, Korea, July 2.— The Japan
ese legation has received reports from
semi-official sources on the east coast
of an engagement yesterday between
the Vladivostok squadron and a Jap
anese squadron under command of
Vice Admiral Kamimura. No details
are obtainable. The authorities are en
deavoring to confirm the 'report.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — Noth
ing- Is known here of the report that a
fight has taken place between the
Vladivostok squadron and the Japan
ese squadron commanded by Vice Ad
miral Kamimura.
LONDON, July 2. — According to a
dispatch from Tokio to the Central
News, only three cruisers of the Vlad
ivostok squadron appeared in Tsu Isl
and chaneel and the torpedo-boats be
longing to the squadron had apparent
ly returned to Vladivostok.
Heavy cannonading was heard ashore
at 8:30 yesterday evening, the dispatch
says, but the nature and result of the
fight are not known. The Russian
ships, however, seem to have suffered
no damage, as they were afterward
seen making in a northeasterly direc
tion.
Kamimura's scouts discovered the
Russians yesterday afternoon, trailed
them and reported the Russians* pres
ence. . At 7:30 o'clock in the evening
the Russians were seen between Iki
and Tsu islands. Cannonading was
heard there. An hour and a half later
cannonading was heard farther north.
The Nary Department expresses the
belief that Kaminura sent his torpedo
boats against the Russians during the
nigrht.
The object of the recent Russian na
val movements is not clearly under
stood here. It Is suspected that both
Russian squadrons hope to seek refuge
in a neutral port of China and claim
protection. Kaichou, Chefu and even
"Weihaiwei are mentioned as their des
tination.
The Japanese contend that the Rus
eians are not entitled to neutral pro
tection under the circumstances. They
deny that the case Is similar to that of
the Russian gunboat Mandjur, which
was at Shanghai when hostilities com
menced. The entry of the Russian
¦warships into either Kaichou or Wei
haiwei would prove embarrassing to
the Governments which control these
ports.
TOKIO, July 2. — There is a probabil
ity that Vice Admiral Kamimura
lighted the Vladivostok squadron last
niRht and that a general attack with
torpedo-boats followed. It Js known
that Kamimura is pursuing the Rus
sians and cannonading "was heard, Ka
mimura has not yet reported to Toklo
and word from him is awaited with
keen eagerness. The exact movements
of the Russians axe not known. It is
thought Kamimura pressed the Rus
sians into the Straits of Korea- and
that the Russians ran east and then
north in an effort to escape.
TOKIO, July 3, 5:30 a. m: — Infor
mation has been received that the
Russian Vladivostok squadron eluded
Vice Admiral Kamimura Friday night.
NAGASAKI, July 2.— The Vladivos
tok squadron of Russian warships was
reported oft Iki Island last night and
the sound of firing was heard at Goto
Island.
Hundreds of Russian Wounded Are Taken Into Port Ar
thur After a Land Battle Which Is Said to Have Re
suited in a Victory for the Besiegers.
VLADIVOSTOK CRUISERS ESCAPE ENEMY'S FLEET;
DAILY LAND AND SEA ATTACKS UPON PORT ARTHUR
Hussions Claim That Photographs Prove Japanese Are
Mutilating Wounded and That a Deposition Alleging
Barbarity Has Been Signed by Military Attaches.
"In this dilemma the Japanese must
prove, but not by affirmation, that the
allegations made against them are false
or bear the indelible disgrace, which
would prove It to be perfectly true that
a people cannot pass suddenly from a
state of cruel barbarism to one of civ
ilization by means of purely technical
skill without passing through the in
comparable school of 1900 years of
Christianity, which perhaps is the most
valuable possession of Europe. In any
case, the Japanese may be certain of
one thing— that Russia will never have
"During the Turco-Russian war the
Turkish atrocities were incredible.
When on the march General SkobelefC
came upon half-naked and horribly
mutilated Russians, who said to the
English correspondents: 'Behold, gen
tlemen, an instructive spectacle. Let
the people of your country know what
they are sustaining.' . /
"The proportion of the dead to the
wounded will prove much that It is
hardly possible now to determine, but
sooner or later the truth will come ut.
BARBARITY OF THE TURK.
"A photograph has been taken by
Dr. Stankevitch of General Mistchen
ko's division, showing horribly muti
lated Russians, with hands cut oft and
tongues cut out and pierced by thongs.
An officer was found in a pitiable con
dition, but still breathing. He was re
stored to consciousness and said the
had been fired upon deliberately by a
Japanese soldier. His deposition,
signed by the Russian authorities and
several military attaches, will soon be
in our possession.
"General Romanoff has made a de
tailed report upon the subject to the
Red Cross, and Prince Jaime de Bour
bon has furnished testimony regarding
the battle at Vafangow. News has also
come, and has not been denied in tho
Japanese accounts, that the Japanese
use lances and have decided to give
no quarter to Cossacks who* fall into
their, hands.
"In the face of such grave facts, we
think an 'Indignant denial' will not suf
fice to save the Japanese honor. We
have reason to believe that the Japa
nese massacre and mutilate the wound
ed, but treat well for the eyes of Eu
rope those remaining after the massa
cres.
TONGUES CUT OUT.
"A simple denial Is not exculpation.
We do not deny that our wounded are
well treated at Sasebo and other Jap
enese cities where well-organized hos
pitals are operated under the eyes of
Europe, but on the field of battle, when
the Russians are forced to abandon the
wounded, a cruel fate awaits them, as
their agonized cries there cannot be
heard in Europe.
LIAOYANG. July 2. — The Russians
assert that photographs taken prove
that the Japanese are killing- the
wounded. Lieutenant Chita, it is said,
who was wounded near Siuyen, June
26, and who was left on the field, was
wounded thrice afterward by Japanese.
The Russian soldiers are furious at
this wanton crueltv. They also claim
that the Japanese use foul language In
approaching the Russians.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — The
Journal de St. Petersburg, the semi
official organ of the Foreign- Office,
printed this morning one of its Infre
quent editorial articles dealing with
official denial by the Japanese Govern
ment of the reports of the mutilation
of Russian wounded. The article says:
recourse to reprisals, which would be
against every instinct of our nation."
WASHINGTON. July 2. — Takahira.
the Japanese Minister, had a long
conference with Secretary Hay re
specting the published Russian allega
tions of cruel treatment of wounded
Russians by Japanese soldiers. The
Minister addressed himself to Secre
tary Hay because the latter had as
sumed the charge of Japanese in
terests in Russia. It Is said, how
ever, that neither Secretary Hay nor
Minister Takahira % had received any
official communication -on this subject
aud the discussion was preliminary to
a more formal exchange when the ex
pected Russian protest is forthcoming.
Some military experts here believe the
Russians have been misled by the
frightful effects of the Japanese shells.
If the Russian complaint is properly
supported it will be duly presented to
the Japanese Government by Secre
tary Hay.
SKRYDLOFF IX PORT AttTIIUR.
CHEFU, July 2. — Affairs are reach-
Ing a crisis at Port Arthur. The few
foreigners remaining at Port Arthur,
with the exception of several who are
under suspicion, have been ordered to
leave. A number arrived here to-day.
They -included the managers and
clerks of large firms that continued in
business during the siege. The Rus
sians sealed the premises and gave tlu?
merchants receipts for their stocks of
goods.
The Norwegian steamship Sentis is
in the harbor, ready to bring out the
women and children. Every Russian
subject, it Is reported, has been or
dered to take a place In the ranks and
Join the forces facing the Invaders on
the hills back of the town.
Four battleships, with gunboats and
torpedo-boats, are kept in the .harbor,
while two battleships, five cruisers
and a flotilla of torpedo-boats make
excursions to sea. One torpedo-boat,
it is claimed, has succeeded In making
three trips to Ylnkow and it is re
ported that on her last trip Admiral
SkrydlcJC was taken to Port Arthur
on her.
A number of Junks, laden with fresh
provisions, have succeeded in passing
the Japanese blockading fleet, one
junk landing 5000 sacks of flour. A
cargo of coal is said to have been
landed.
Chinese who arrived to-day say the
Japanese have Increased their block
ading fleet to forty vessels.
Foreigners who have arrived from
Port Arthur say that since the disas
ter to the battleship Petropavlovsk the
Russian fleet has sustained no dam
age beyond the. seven-foot hole In the
battleship Sevastopol, which has al
ready been repaired. They claim to
know nothing: of a vessel previously
reported ashore southeast of Llaoshan
promontory.
May Succeed Bobrikoff.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2. — It Is
stated that Prince Obolensky, for
merly Governor of Kharkoff, will be
chosen to succeed the late General
Bobrikoff as Governor General of
Finland.
Prince Dolgorouki Killed.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 2. — Prince
Dolgorouki, who early last month at
tacked Count LamsdorfT, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, has been exiled to
Archangel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1004.
22
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, containing 1008 large pages, is
sent free on receipt of stamps to pay ex-
pease of mailing only. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for the book in paper covers
cr 31 stamps for ft in cloth binding. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Accept no substitute for « Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good."
«I took a wrrre cold which •rttled in the
bronchial tubes." writes Rer. Frank Hay of
Norton ville. Jefferson Co.. Kansas. "After try-
ing medicines labeled* Sure Cure.' almost with-
out number, 1 was led to try Dr. Pierce'* Golden
Medical Discovery. 1 took two bottles and was
cared, and have stayed cured.
•When 1 think of the great pain I had to
endure, and the terrible cough I had, tt seems
alaost a miracle that I was so soon reliered.
•That God may spare yon many year* and
abundantly b!es» you is the prayer of yoor
grateful friend."
The man who would sit on a cake of
Ice to cool off would be considered crazy.
Vet it is a very common thing for a per-
son heated by exercise to stand in a coo]
draught, just to
cool oS. This
is the beginning
cf many a cough
which ultimate-
ly involves the
bronchial tract
and the lnr.gs.
For coughs in
any stage there
is no remedy so
valuable as Dr.
Pierce's Golden
Medical Discov-
ery. It cures
deep-seated, ob-
stinate coughs,
bronchitis,
bleeding of the
lungs, and like
conditions which if neglected or unskill-
f ully treated terminate m consumption.
There is no alcohol in w Golden Med-
ical Discovery," and if is entirely free
from opium, cocaine and other narcotics
DIL PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
ADVEBTISEMENTS*
: -^. .
Vjjijjvyi ¦ — __J tJ~Z>Jfr
San Francisco. Sunday, 3 July, 1004.
Store closed to-morrow— Fourth of July.
$20.00 — A case ,
where price "talks"
A good hard wood mantel folding bed in either
golden or imitation mahogany finish — $20.00.
Equipped with woven wire mattress and casters.
Exceptional inducements throughout the
entire store during the month of July.
Smith's F^ Quality Tapestry Carpets, 59 »
cents the yard, sewed, lined and laid. Just
one of many bargains in the Carpet Depart-
I( Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
ANY LUMP IJ3 WOMAN'S BREAST
IS NEARLY ALWAYS CANCER !
Anytsmar,tiinip,or soreonthelip.faci
or anywhere six months Is nearly
always Cancer. They never pala
until almost past care!
Fwo Physicians Offer $1009 if They
Fail to Care Any Single Cancer
Without KNIFE OR PAIN at HALF PRICE
for 30 da73.
Met a dollar need be paid until cured.
An Island shrub or phnt mak?3 the cures
the most wonderful discovery on earth to-day.
Best book on cancers ever printed sent freo
with testimonials of thousands cured ivhon
you can •••• <*•
| f K-i !£& * j J f\ gT 2l* \l$[ hit v* 1 nir»*il mor©
v I w^y^*S£"^^**^FTL*-«j7 4 cancfri) than any
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"STRICTLY RELIABLE."
Offices 23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SO3IEOXE WITH CANCEE.
wJ^^W^i PriritiM
Developing
AT CUT PRICES.
I'm the original cut-price man.
Nevertheless. I give the best service
and the highest value. Try me with
an order — and you'll continue. Here
are some prices:
DEVELOPING.
Boll of six. 10c ; roll of twelve. 15c.
PRINTING.
Solio finish. 3c to 5c; veloz finish. 8c to
6c I have a full Una of poprtlar sizes la
; DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS
at the lowest prices. Mall orders promptly
filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
10C8 MARKET STREET, above Powell,
San Francisco.
|(am era Bargain?
IttOROnA PETIT %x4M
I* Price,*9S2- reduced to*6.25 1
B Same with Rach and Pinion.
§ Listed at *ll.°-2 • Cut to *7.35
IT Also a number of other sizes
IJ^Poco^ Kcroru Camera* at ;
D» Sweeping Reductions 1
fey Better tuy-povr. Littrmmfle &*fate.,
ff Orcfers by matt 7 7 rotrjot?y f//?td. ,
WktSir/S'ASET JBAZAAKs . •
{00^42 Tfrird fit. S»nFr«ntU(e Jfc
|ASTHMANOLA|
Za th» only cars for JTervoua toA
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tear Druggist or at &>3 HAIGHT ST..
San Francisco. CaL
SX/\TrE7V\ElNX
OF THE £¦„_
COXDITIOX AXD AFFAIRS '"•
OF THE—
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NETS' TORK. IN THE STATE OT.
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year endlnj? on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th<»
I provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank fumiihe4
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS. — — — —
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. I1.0M.87S CO
Cash la Banks 91,833 9-4
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.754 54
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection C2.S11 43
Total assets $1,186.009 94
LIABILITIES. ™ ~~
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $7(X!I09 OO
Losses resisted, including expenses 3.710 00)
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $051.-
111 60; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 323,555 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$214,652 40: reinsurance pro rata 113,048 03
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 17.456 47
Total liabilities $535,273 23
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $545,562 90
Received fcr Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from ail other sources 38,234 43
Total Income JS83.817 32s
EXPENDITURES. -
Net amount r«id for Fire Losses
(Including $92,8-18, losses o£ pra-
vlous years) ; $181,503 49
Paid . or allowed for Commission
cr Brokerasa 207,743 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether
chances for offlc«rs. clerks, etc . 2.520 00
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 28.663 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures 4.000 43
Total expenditures $7:>ri.34.1 (3
„¦ - .- , _ . m
Flml
Losses Incurred during the year. ...$436. 3«2 4!>
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written Uurinp the
>*ar $53,884,830 $1,143.8«9 44
Net amount of Risks
expired during the!
year ( 1CS.1S2.481 1.4WJ.8O4 13
Net amount tn force]
December 31. 100T...I C3.411.1SS !*r>3."<54 0O
ALBKRT R. LEDOfx, \\U President.
CHAIILE3 S. CON'KLIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 5th
day ofFebroarv, l!)04.
CHRIS BAWBACn. Notary Public.
G. A. KEHRY &GQ., General Agents-
215 Sansomo St., San Francisco, Ga!.
California, Alaska. Arizona, Idaho, Mon-
tana, Tffavada, Oresrcn. "Utah. Waiii.
tacton and Hawaiian Islands.LANDSLIDE TO PARKER IS PROBABLE.
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
ST. LOUIS, July 2. — The committee
on arrangements of the Democratic
National Committee to-day agreed
unanimously to recommend to the full
convention the selection of John
Sharp Williams of Mississippi for the
position of temporary chairman of the
convention. The only other man men
tioned in connection with the ofiice
Mississippi Statesman to Be Tempo
rary Presidlnjr Officer.
WILLIAMS IS CHOSEN.
IN* NAME OF CHRISTIANITY
ARMENIANS ASK PROTECTIOX
Solicit United States Government to
Prevent Massacre of Innocents
by the Turks.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Secretary
Hay to-day received the follow ins
cablegram from Persia:
"ISPAHAN. July 2. — Turkish bar
barians massacring thousands. Ar
menians humbly soliciting United
States Government in the name of
Christianity and humanity to save in
nocent lives.
"ARMENIAN BISHOPS IX PER
SIA."
New Yorl^s taking great precautions
against any tampering with the tempo
rary roll of the convention. Sheehan
to-night transferred to National Com
mitteeman Mack four proxies -of mem
bers of the committee who cannot be
present on Monday. f ,- \
will refrain from opposing him. It is
insinuated by some that harmony may
be accomplished by promising the nom
ination for Governor of New York
State to Leader Murphy of Tammany
for Mayor McClellan or some other
person of his choosing.
One of the significant movements of
the Xew York State delegation is the
promise to let Norman K. Mack suc
ceed himself as national committee
man, while advocating a sound money
plank. Mack was a stanch Bryan man
and a silverite in two campaigns. His
selection is believed to mean that there
Is little or no fear in New York^State
that the radical element can do any
harm to the conservative leader, and,
further, that the original Bryan sup
porters are ready to follow New York's
nominee.
was Delegate Thomas Barksworth of
Michigan, whose name was presented
by Campau, only to be withdrawn..
Williams was suggested by Head of
Tennessee and the nomination was
seconded by Guffey of Pennsylvania.
The committee also decided upon
M. W. Blumenburg. one of the of
ficial reporters of the United States
Senate, for the office of reporter of
the proceedings of the convention,
and upon Frank Brust of Chicago for
chief doorkeeper. " . V
Campau made a report on the con
dition of the convention hall, saying
that while the committee had hoped
to secure control of lt two weeks ago,
it had not yet come into possession.
There was, however, no doubt that the
committee would be in control by
Monday. He told the committee that
the decorations would be of pleasing
effect. He also notified the commit
tee that the admission tickets had
been prepared, and said that he would
turn them over to the members from.
the committee when directed to do so.
Irrepressible Chief and Armed Natives
Encamped, Ready for Another
Uprising Against British.
ADEN, .'July 2. — The so-called Mad
! Mullah of British Somaliland is again
j on ¦'¦ the warpath. He is encamped
! south of Nogal with 6000 followers,
! ,2000 - of whom are armed with rifles,
and has large supplies of ammunition.
Some of the tribes hitherto friendly, to
the 'British are reported to have joined
| the Mullah since the British forces
1 were withdrawn from the country.
WARPATH IS ATTRACTIVE
TO THE MAD MULLAH
the name of Jo A. Parker for Vice
President. Parker said to-day:
"In case Bryan and Hearst bolt the
St. Louis convention the People's party
would nominate either for President,
but this is not likely. I believe either
Watson or Judge Williams will be
nominated."
KENTUCKY FAVORS WATSON.
Hopes, However, That Bryan and
Hearst Will Bolt at St. Louis.
LOUISVILLE. July 2.— The State
convention of the People's party of
Kentucky to-day selected delegates
to the national convention at Spring
field, 111. The delegation will vote for
Thomas E. Watson of Georgia for the
nomination for President If he will
accept it In case he refuses Judge
Samuel Williams of Indiana will
likely receive its support, and the
Kentucky delegates probably will offer
Delmas, who will represent Califor
nia on. the. most Important, committee,
that, on platform and resolutions, said
this evening:
"My mind is as yet unsettled as to
the position I will take regarding any
suggestions that may be made in refer
ence to tariff, labor or governmental
expansion; but one great issue has
crystallized in my mind and regarding
it I will make known my views. This
that I would make an issue is the ques
tion of the development of the great
empire that lies between the Missouri
River on the east and the California
border on the west.
"Here lies a territory rich in fertility
of soil and rich in natural resources.
Millions of acres await the coming of
the husbandman. Here the innumera
ble host of China could dwell uncrowd
ed and blessed by plenty. The Govern
ment should follow the trend of settle
ment toward the West. We of San
Francisco, dwelling at the western
ramparts of the nation, know, the fu
ture that awaits us, but we alone are
informed. That our undeveloped em
pire may advance the quicker to give
Its sturdy strength to the nation, the
nation should extend its helping hand."
In acknowledgment of his services
on behalf of Hearst, California's in
structed delegation will present to the
convention the name of M. F. Tarpey
for confirmation as Democratic na
tional committeeman for California. D.
M. Delmas, who will place Hearst in
nomination, has been selected to repre
sent the delegation on the committee
on platform and resolutions; D. W.
Carmichael will serve on the committee
on rules and order of business; John A.
Hicks on the committee on permanent
organization; R. H. DeWltt will notify
the nominee for President; Edward I.
Coffey will perform a similar function
in reference to the nominee for Vice
President, and Joseph Simon will be
named honorary vice chairman.
Louis H. Mooser of San Francisco,
alternate, who will represent Jasper
McDonald, and W. J. McGee are not
on any committees. Their affection
for Gavin McNab, it is announced, will
insure for. them a seat away back.
DELMAS FINDS AN* ISSUE.
ocracy. While the general principles
of those platforms might be reaffirmed
with safety and with profit to the
party. It does not seem to me to be
necessary to refer in derail to the is
sues we have nailed our standard to in
the past. It is quite unnecessary. for
one to repeat the litany every time he
says his prayers. However, these ques
tions will be determined by the col
lective genius of the party after it as
sembles In convention.
Parker Will Remain at Home.
KINGSTON, N. Y., July 2. — Judge
Alton B. Parker will not attend the
National Democratic Convention at St.
Louis. He will remain at Rosemont,
his home.
ST. LOUIS. July 2.— For the first time
Einee the delegates to the approaching
Democratic Convention began to col
lect in this city a movement looking to
united action on the part of the anti-
Parker forces was instituted to-day,
and Senator Stone, chairman of the
Missouri delegation, stood sponsor for
It. He appears as the champion of his
colleague. Senator Cockrell, and was In
conference several times during the
day with leaders of what Is known as
the Bryan element and with represent
atives of Hearst, Gorman and other
possible candidates.
No details of these meetings were ob
tainable and Senator Stone refused to
discuss them. He talked freely, how
ever, cf the necessity of united action,'
saying: \
"It Is evident that Mr. Parker will
enter the convention with the votes of
a majority of the thousand delegates,
and any responsible man should be able
to see that if there is not an under
standing among the opposing delega
tions he is likely to secure the two
thirds vote necessary to nominate as
Foon as his strength is made manifest.
I do not believe that two-thirds of the
delegates ore naturally favorable to
Mr. Parker, and. so believing. I think
his defeat can be accomplished. In
that event I think Senator Cockrell's
availability will become so evident as
to cause the convention .to take him up
and give him the nomination."
SEEK TO PLACATE BRYAX.
Members of the Missouri delegation
express no personal aversion to Judge
I'arker, but they say that his candi
dacy would greatly weaken the ticket
in this State, largely because of Bryan's
opposition to him. The candidate of
1896 and 11*00 has many followers in the
State, and as the claim is made that it
would be unsafe to name a man who
vould not be sure of Bryan's cordial
support
The movers for the consolidation of
the opposition forces are meeting with
some difficulty in getting their follow
ers together, but it is claimed that this
trouble is due to the absence of most
of the delegates. They are working
hard and hope to succeed.
Connected somewhat with this move
ment is an effort which was set on foot
during the day to secure the attend
ance of Senator Gorman at the con
vention. Notwithstanding he Is a dele
gate, he has decided to remain away,
unless his presence should be consid
ered desirable and he is determined to
he governed by the adxice of ex-Sena
tor Davis, of West Virginia on this
point. Davis was in conference to-day
with ex-Serator Jones of Arkansas,
Senator Stone of Missouri, John T. Mc-
Graw of West Virginia and others, and
they recommended that Davis advise
Gorman to come immediately to this
city. Davis, however, would not sum
mon the Senator.
GORMAN'S ADVICE NEEDED.
*l"he reason given for wishing Gor
man's presence is the desire to have
his counsel in unraveling the tangled
Fkein of political thread which the
leaders find to exist, and this is suffl
rier.t cause. Still It is impossible to
disguise the fact that there is a con
siderable element in the convention
which holds the opinion that the Mary-
Jand leader is the most desirable man
to head the ticket. They hope that the
psychological moment of his ascend
ancy may arrive and they believe that
at such a time his presence would be
of jrreat advantage.
"The Indiana delegation will put up
a winning fi?ht for Thomas Taggart
for National Chairman." said Major G.
V. Menzies. delegate at large from that
State to-night. "Mr. Tagg-arfs selec
tion in no wise depends upon the nomi
nation of Judge Parker. Mr. Taggart
will be chairman, no matter what the
result of the convention balloting may
be. We have assurances of support
from many other States and I am con
fident of Mr. Taggart's success."
Taprsart refused to discuss the chair
manship. He declared bis belief that
Judge Parker would be nominated.
"He would be chosen on the first bal
lot if it were not for the favorite sons,"
said he, "and as it stands to-night he
will certainly win on the second bal
lot."
IX)R PERMANENT CHAIRMAN'.
Four possible candidates for the posi
tion of permanent chairman of the con
vention are mentioned tc-night. They
are Delegate Barksworth of Michigan,
Patrick Collins of Massachusetts, Da
vid S. Rose of Wisconsin and Champ
Clark of Missouri.
The friends of Hearst sprang Clark's
rame at a conference held late to-day,
and their avowed reason for taking him
vp was to prevent the selection of a
presiding officer friendly to Judge Park
er. They express determined opposi
tion to conceding the temporary and
permanent chairmanship to the Parker
element. Some of the Hearst men are,
however, quite content to accept Barks
worth, claiming that he is unfriendly
to the New York Judge.
There was considerable discussion of
Barksworths availability in the meet
ing of the committee on arrangements
to-day, and the well-informed say that
his name will not be withdrawn from
the contest for temporary chairman
until some assurance of his selection to
the other place had been received by
his friends. He Is understood to have
had the promise of the support of five
of the ten members of the committee,
and only his withdrawal made certain
Williams' selection for the temporary
position.
Objection Is made to Clark on the
ground that he, like Williams, repre
sents a Southern State.
Liner Ashore Below Sorel.
MONTREAL, July 2.— The Dominion
Line ' steamship Vancouver, bound
from Liverpool, went ashore sixty miles
below Sorel early this morning. She
had about 300 passengers on board.
The vessel was not injured and tugs
have been sent to her assistance.
ST. LOUIS, July 2. — Hoke Smith of
Georgia, who was Secretary of the In
terior under President Cleveland and
who was the leader of the Parker
movement in the "Cracker State,"
represents a certain sentiment that is
quite prevalent in some sections. He
is for Parker and will support him as
long as there is a possibility of his
nomination. That is the attitude of
the Georgia delegation, but in case it
becomes evident that Parker cannot
be nominated then Georgia has a ma
jority which would vote the whole
delegation for Cleveland.
"Of course," said Smith, "my pref
erence for Mr. Cleveland is well
known and I would be glad to see him
nominated, but we are honorably
committted to Judge Parker. When
Hearst attempted to capture the State
the conservative men, under a call is
sued by me. met and determined to
send a Parker delegation to the con
vention. That was done and Georgia
will remain true to him as long as he
Is In the field. I expect to see him
nominated early in the balloting and
his selection would be perfectly satis
factory to Georgia."
Smith wanted it understood that
there was nothing lukewarm in Geor
gia's support of Parker and it was
only in case of the break-up of which
there has been so much talk that
Georgia would consider another
choice.
GEORGIA LIKES CLEVELAND.
ST. LOUJS, July 2. — There was a
conference to-night between former
Senator Harry G. Davis of West Vir
ginia and James M. Guffey of Penn
sylvania, the object of Senator Davis
being to enlist the Pennsylvania leader
for Gorman. It is believed that Guffey
feels that Gorman is out and that his
delegation from a Republican State
cannot afford to oppose what seems
to be the choice of Democratic States
and that .when the Pennsylvania dele
gation meets it will decide to vote for
Parker.
The arrival of many, leaders and
delegates to-night seems to make it
plain that former President Cleveland
is not considered by them. What Is
called "the Cleveland scare" has re
sulted In solidifying the Parker
strength.
Former Senator Hill authorizes the
statement that he- would not be a can
didate for chairman of the committee
on resolutions.
"New York." he said, "has a candi
date for President and is not seeking
any other honors from the conven
tion."
The first day's session, after effecting
temporary organization and the. ap
pointment of committees, will resolve
itself into a Fourth of July celebration-
Former United States Senator William
V. Allen of Nebraska will make the
principal address. As far as heard from
there are no contests to be decided.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., July 2. — Former
Congressman Thomas E. Watson of
Georgia, who was Bryan's running mate
on the People's party ticket In 1896,
will not have the Presidential nomina
tion by the National Convention of the
People's party, which will meet In this
city next Monday, offered to him as a
gift. In fact, there seems to be good
prospects of a lively contest for first
place on the ticket.
From members of the National Com
mittee and other leading Populists who
have arrived for the convention, lt
seems that former United States
Senator William V. Allen of Ne
braska may prove a strong can
didate, though his State took
no action toward Indorsing him. Oth
ers who are spoken of as candidates
for the nomination are Samuel A. Wil
liams of Vincennes, Ind., who was in
dorsed by the Allied People's party, or
middle-of-the-road faction, in the In
diana State Convention, and S. II.
Pierson of Parkersburg, W. Va., who
was Indorsed by the same faction of
the party In the West Virginia State
Convention.
Among those mentioned In connec
tion with the nomination for Vice Pres
ident is L. H. Weller of Nashua, Iowa,
Indorsed by the middle-of-the-road
faction of that State, the fusion wing
having been assimilated by the Demo
cratic party. The leader of the fusion
wing. General James B. Weaver, heads
the Democratic delegation to the Na
tional Convention. Others mentioned
are: National Commltteeman T. P.
Rynder. Erie, Pa.; George Fred Wil
liams of Massachusetts, though he is a
Democrat; E. Garry Brown, editor of a
labor paper at Brockton, Mass., and
one of the original Populists of Massa
chusetts, and John Breidenthal of
Kansas, candidate of the People's par
ty for Governor in 1900.
The convention will virtually have
two presiding officers when called to
order on Monday. Hon. J. Edmoniston
of Nebraska will call the fusion branch
of the convention to order, if he be
present, which Is doubtful. In case he
be not, J. A. Parker of Louisville. Ky..
chairman of the National Committee
of the Allied People's party, or middle
of-the-roaders, will be presiding officer.
Parker will be on the platform in either
event.
"Turning from candidates to issues,
it is my opinion that they should be
left to the .committee on platform and
resolutions. Any effort to secure re
affirmatioa of the financial planks of
the last two platforms would not meet
with my approval. < The people of the
United States have been given an op
portunity in two elections to record
their views on this question and they
have done it with disaster to the Dem-
FREE SILVER DEAD ISSUE.
As soon as he had gathered the faith
ful about him. Chairman Tarpey pre
pared to inject large and undiluted
doses of Alameda politics into the na
tional situation. He divided his forces
into bands, dignified ea^h with the
title of sub-committee, and sent them
out to arrange for the stampede for
William Randolph Hearst.
These sub-committees are not handi
capped by the modesty of their claims.
All day long they have been blanching
the cheeks of Eastern correspondents
with figures that show the end of
Parker, the extinction of Gorman, the
Waterloo of Cleveland and the finis of
Olney. Into the ears of arriving dele
gates they have poured the oft- told
tale. By next Monday, with such prac
tice, they will begin to believe it them
selves.
After a second meeting, called to
enable the sub-committees to report
progress, Tarpey said:
"I find that the Parker boom is but
a bubble that upon investigation
bursts. I am very much encouraged
by the trend of sentiment and am con
fident Mr. Hearst will receive 400 votes
on the first ballot. I am aware of the
fact that the Parker people claim
enough votes to nominate two men for
President, but I think that when we
get into the convention they will flnd
tbey have been deluding themselves
and that the New York Jurist will fail
of nomination.
SHOUTERS GET BUSY.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, ST. LOUIS, July 2.—
The weather is delightful. It Is as
serted in various quarters that the ar
rival of the California delegation had
a refrigerating effect upon the climate,
but this statement may not be accept
ed as absolute fact. It Is hardly prob
able that the elements would yield to
an influence no human here has felt
as yet i
The delegation arrived here this
morning at 9:30 o'clock, the special cars
that carried it from the West consti
tuting the tail end of the regular Bur
lington express from Kansas City.
Like the "West of Missouri" candi
dates. M. F. Tarpey expected to escort
Into St. Louis under the Hearst stand
ard, the • locomotive that hauled the
delegation special from the coast got
sidetracked somewhere. The result was
a disturbance of calculations that up
set any secret plans, that may have
existed to receive the delegation. The
Californians were compelled to search
out headquarters unaided. By/ 11
o'clock a majority of them had arrived
at the Jefferson Hotel, some footsore
from the walk from the station, others
complaining of the car service and yet
others the victims of businesslike cab
men.
BY FREDERIC W. BISHOP,
Staff Correspondent of The Call.
Pennsylvania Probably Will
Swing Into the Parker
Column.
Attitude of Senator^ Gorman
Keeps the Delegations
Puzzled.
Lively Contest Is Probable
When National Body
Meets Monday.
Tarpey Is Selected for Demo
cratic National Com
. mitteeman. .
Watson Will Not Have a
Walkover for Populist
Nomination.
Missouri Leads in Movement
to Unite Anti-Parker
Factions.
Golden Staters Busy "But
tonholing" the Eastern
Delegates.
"Cleveland Scare" Wanes as
the Day of the Conven
tion Nears.
CALIFORNIANS REACH ST. LOUIS
WITH BIG CLAIMS FOR HEARST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 190*.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS^
B^^^^^Bl °Mr stores will
WW l : "*¦"¦¦ • '-C^PKW^S^S remain closed
fc'pi P > '>' : fe^^^^^^^ to-morrow to com-
r$i -7 - : - - *• - ¦•'-¦"' / '"' -§8i8§y W§M' memo ra t e t h p
} rfr- Y- ':-:-:: : -4--'%09m$& 128th anniversary
>-.;#*--:.•. -v: -.; r '. H %m§M$0% ° f -A mer.ican
Wr : ' JM^^ I n d e p e n d ence.
l|fl|L-$||if 7^0 Market Street and ¦ ¦
1 )^^f l ''!^^WL Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.
_'_;- •' • ' 2 AD 9 EBIiSEMENTa. ,, •
WOMEN PRAISE PE-RU-NA.
For Diseases Peculiar to Their Sex There Is No Medicine
That Gives Such Universally Good Results.
The Actress and the Housewife Rely l *
llnnn Do rii na ' ? Mlss Zelma Rawlston. 8 W. 23th SU New York City, wrttw: *
Upon Pe-ru-na. I .. For ovep a year , have used Terun&t and flnd lt all ,
———¦——• . _i ¦ ¦¦ I, - " you claim for it. I shall take great pleasure in recom- <
i~ w> ,, r , yr , v.^Z*^' r~* ~~~v i8 \ mendin £ il t0 m ? professional friends. * ;
I WM&J0 Wm^^- Vf^^^^^Sm^^^^nP I I Peruna seems so admirably adapted to catarrhal troubles of women
%V2f^jf^H *^^^a^^^B«ra^^^ n that It rarely falls to Instantly relieve and promptly cure.
fl^$l|fw^H^|P ' -tllliilil I N ° BOOner doe9 a woma n begin to take Peruna than «he feels that
I Sometimes lt Is necessary to take it for weeks and even months, but
I - the eood effect becomes apparent at once and gradually continues until
? " >¦ •
Pelvic catarrh is a phrase coined by ?• Mlss Mynne Barton. 221 "Washington Ave., Madison. "Wls.. writes: !|
Dr. Hartman, covering ail that large "I took Peruna for two months according to directions for ces- "
class of diseases that used to be known i\\ sation of the menses and found that it restored the natural func- ',',
as female weakness. The lower portion T tlons of the system which had ceased on account of getting my feet n
of the abdomen is called by anatomists , wet and catching cold and which caused intense pains. It also j
the pelvis. The organs contained in this , tonel up my system and made ma feel much bnter and stronger 1
portion of the body are known as the so tnat [ f eQ j in du ty bound to say a gOOl Word for it. I Shall I
pelvic organs There are several of cheerfully recommend it to my friends and am sure that they will I
SM m r'rh er L n SI™ w , ' " a11 D6 Phased with the results, if it helps them as it did me."- ?
catarrh. Few women escape entirely ca- ,, mi-- .—.. pg. tnn r ?
tarrh of these organs. While each case ¦¦ ffllSS Barton.
presents some minor difference as to de- !••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••*••••••••••••••••••*
tail, they are all in reality alike.
Pelvic catarrh therefore is a rentric thousands of testimonials to this effect Mrs. H. A. S. Marsh, President Wo-
term that ™ all cases of c^tfrrh of are by Dr. Hartman every year, man's Benevolent Ass'n, No. 237 Jackson
term that covers all cases of catarrh of Tne good that Peruna has accomplished Park Terrace. Chicago. 111.
the pelvic organs. There Is no cure equal i n this class of cases can scarcely be Mrs. Robb-Maher, attorney-at-law. of
in promptness and permanency to a short overestimated. Kansas City, Kan.
course of Peruna. Mrs. Colonel Hamilton of Columbus,
Peruna does not relieve these cases by Noted Women Who Use Pe-ru-na. Ohio.
temDorarilv mitieatlne some avmntom ilrs - Theophlle Schmltt. wife of th«
h^J I ZJ^ll\ ?*r £<, «?J!!L vf I Eelva I-ockwood. Washington. D. C. ex-Secretary of the German Consulate of
but by a removal of the cause. Many a Mrs Lucy C i ark . Farmington. Utah. Chicago. 111.
woman can testify that a local treatment Vice President Utah State Council of If you do not derive prompt and satis-
floes not permanently cure. A large mul- Women. factory results from the use of Peruna,
titude of women are constantly going Mrs. Verona E. Roach, wife of late write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
rrnm Anrtnr tr» Anrinr to roroivA lrwai Senator ->ach. of-Larimore. N*. D. full statement of your case, and he will
f^ m lf LitHifniL^r«?,n Mrs. general James Longstreet of be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
treatment, with litle or no result. Washington. D. C. vice gratis.
In Peruna these women find a prompt M rs . Gridley. mother of Captain Grid- Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tho
and permanent cure. Thousands upon ley of the U. S. cruiser Olympia. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
ADVHE.TTSE3JCENT3.
THE REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONS
I ~ I GIANT STRIDES!
& fwk&c Records Broken
E*# DISTINCTLY HIGH QUALITY
NfOET <& CHANDON
"White Seal" <:»».„».«»,
SKPHHSI^ N . TeMr »; M 0 * 1 *t CWJon own more vnevirdi
Tffif iffifiil j l i , 8 9 Ump *5n e house » combined
JgSr «nd have over I I mile* of cellar*, the mo»t e»-
TW ut« in* A. Ycr 1903 wj
'^^^^^^^^^^^ Bodei. « £g*rt ikw before reached b y to, O«mp. pe W«
Howe o5ef * * pr9duti ¦
< t~*^^5- j:X «' "WHITE SEAL"
I I THE. CHAMPACNt OF TH£ DAY
William Wolff & Co. paqfic coast agents San Francisco CaL
™E REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONaT"""™OMAHA, . Neb., July 2.— The Dis
trict Court to-day denied the, petition
of Thomas Dennison. for a writ of ha
beas corpus and decreed that he must
go to Iowa to answer the charge , of
complicity in the $18,000 Pollock dia
mond robbery. _, <.
The Governor's extradition was is
sued on requisition of Governor Cum
mins of Iowa on a warrant charging
Dennison with complicity in the rob
bery of Jeweler Pollock of Ne\V\ York
of $18,000 worth of diamonds on a
train near Missouri Valley, Iowa, in
December, 1902. Denlnson's attorney
asked for time to file. a motion for a
new trial in order to carry the' case
to the Supreme Court and the % request
•was granted. -^ ' V.\
Dennison is a well known local pol
iticianr 1 ; -¦ > '
Nebraska Court Decides That Accused
Politician Must Go to Iowa
for Trial.
ALLEGED DIA3IOND THIEF
DENIED FREEDO3I ON WRIT
DRUGGIST'S WIFE CLAIMS
BANKER WAS TOO FRIENDLY
Alleging, That He Hngsed and
Tried to Kiss Her.
Asks Warrant for Cashier's Arrest,
CIJILLICOTHE, Ohio, July 2.— Mrs.
George Lehman, wife of a druggist,
appeared before Mayor Yaple to-day
ahd^ swore out a warrant for the ar
rest ql Herbert H. Holland, cashier of
the Citizens' National Bank, charging
him ~ with entering her home and, in
the langauge of her affidavit, making
an assault upon her by "hugging and
endeavoring to kiss her."
Mrs. Lehman is a young and hand
some .woman. Holland is married, a
prominent church worker and wealthy.
He gained entrance to the Lehman
house, it is alleged, on the pretense of
returning a book which he had bor
rowed. W&SISk
Killed In Quarrel over Fifty Cents.
. LOS ANGELES, July 2.— As a re
sult.of a quarrel over 50 cents J. W.
Heart, proprietor of a rooming'-house
at 907 Maple avenue, shot and killed
Thomas Kerns, one of his tenants," to
night. • : ;. v
In the -first half of 1903 five railways
went into the -hands of » receivers. ; but
they aggregated but seventy-nine miles
of track.- - ? . * - .
-"This letter completely alters the po
litical programme, creating the .'Rqose
velt doctrine.' It has been violently
criticized, r but Its . fundamental Idea . is
correct. If the United States should go
from words, to acts ''. South America
would find Itself. under; a protectorate
by the United States."
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2.— The No
vosti in an article on the political situ
ation in the United States says: ;
"There is no doubt that President
Roosevelt, has gained the confidence
and sympathy of the whole Republican
party by his strength of character and
hia fearlessness In conflict with all kinds
of abuses- in the shady side of Ameri
can life. Thanks to his personal ef
forts, Congress will vote to increase the
American navy so that in a short time
the United States will occupy the sec
ond place among, the. powers. As a
leader of imperialism Roosevelt some
times goes' to extremes." '•
.The Noyosti then cites President
Rooseveltte letter, regarding Cuba, and
concludes thus: "•%
Predicts Great Future for United
States If President's Doctrine Is
Carried Out.
RUSSIAN PAPKK PRAISES
POLICY OF' ROOSEVELT
The Alb«rtina came into , Chatham
Bar to avcM sinking in deeper water,
having struck some obstruction in Pol
lock Il'p. Her crew refused to abandon
her.
The Patriot and the Viola- May were
beating down through Pollock Rip this
afternocn and both struck on Shovel
ful Shoal at about the same time. The
Patriot pounded hard /and sprang a
leak in a few minutes. The Viola May
lies nearer the channel and may be
hauled off, although she. is full of wa
ter The -crews of both schooners were
taken off by a volunteer life-saving
crew. < ...
CHATHAM. Mass., July 2.— Three
vessels, a barkentine and two schoon
ers, were pounding heavily on the
shoals off here at sunset to-night, all
of th^rn full cf water and in danger of
going to pieces should the stiff south
frester which was blowing increase
during the nisht. The stranded ves
sels were the Britiah barkentine Al
bertlna b! .Gloucester, the fishing
schooner Patriot and the Calais, Maine,
coaster Viola May.
Barkcntinc and Two Schooners Are
Wrecked During Southwester Off
Massachusetts Coast.
RED LODGE. Mont., July 2.—An
drew Nerlln. a wealthy rancher, living
near Joliet, has just returned from Chi
cago, where he went with his young
daughter recently to have a skin graft-
Ing operation performed upon her to
cover two large wounds on her body
caused by burning.
The child was severely burned two
years ago and the wounds refused to
heal. The father first gave a lot of
skin from his arm\for grafting and
in Chicago purchased skin from a
young man at the rate of $2 a running
Inch to complete the covering of the
wound. The operation was successful.
Pun>oses.
Wealthy Rancher Pays $2 v an Inch
for Cuticle for Graf tins
YOUXG MAX SELLS SKIX
TO COVER WOUNDS OX CHILD
THREE VESSELS POUNDING
HEAVILY OX THE SHOALS
"W e are supposed," said one of
them, ."to come here and drag the
Judge from the bench and insist that
he shall be our leader. It is a spon
taneous movement from the masses
and it should not be coupled with any
thing so commonly political as a head
quarters."
ST. LOUIS, July 2. — Lithographs of
two Presidential candidates appeared
to-day in the corridors of the hotels
and in the shop windows. The picture
of Judge Parker, in hi3 judicial robes
and with a massive law book on his
arm, gave the impression the con
servative candidate. Benea'th the por
trait of a young looking man is in
scribed" in fac simile the name "Wil
liam Randolph Hearst." The pictures
of Hearst are more numerous than the
others and were displayed wherever
they could possibly attract the eye.
Occasionally sorrte straggling' dele
sate appears at the different hotels
and asks for the Parker headquar
ters. It seems that notices were sent
to a great many delegates some days
ago to "call at the Parker headquar
ters" when they arrived in St. Lou^s
"and make themselves at home." But
some of the Parker men, when they
reached here, discouraged the. head
quarters idea.
Parker and- "HurM." Portraits Deco
rate St. Louis Shop Windows.
LITHOGRAPHS OF CAXiy DATES.
LOS ANGELES, July 2. — Mayor Sny
der played a shrewd game to-day by
leaving the city without signing the
ordinance that prohibited the use of
firecrackers except in certain outlying
districts, and during certain hours. It
was a most stringent measure and the
little folks had resigned themselves to
a noiseless Fourth.
Mayor 'Pockets the Ordinance.
The Aunt— Now darling, don't be
ifraid of telling me whet kind of a doll
you would like.
Nelly— Oh. auntie, I'd Just love twins.
—Brooklyn Life.
Borem — Hello, old man; what you j
goln' to do?
Glumm^— Nothing. '
Borem — How about a walk? I!
think it would do us both cood.
Glumm — So do I. Good-by. — Phil- i
adelphia Public Ledger. ;
Thomas Clay, 427 Crossley building,
swore to a complaint before Police
Judge Conlan yesterday charging A.
Neuvohner with a felony in obtaining
money by false pretenses. Clay is an
Englishman who arrived^ here recently
with the intention of .settling In this
State. He deposited $1000 in the West
ern National Bank and looked around
for a suitable Investment.
He noticed an advertisement m the
papers that a partner was wanted. for
the "Little Hungry" roadhouse at
Fitchburg, Alameda County. On June
11 he went there and met Neuvohner
and hia partner. Majorissy. Neuvoh
ner told him he was anxious to sell his
half interest in the roadhouse and al
leged that the income was from $20 to
$25 daily. After talking over the mat-
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 2. — Ed
gar . G. Bailey, a union hack driver,
was found guilty of murder in the
first degree here to-day for killing
Albert Ferguson, a non-union hack
man, during the recent strike. The
penalty is hanging. Sentence was de
ferred. /
. Ferguson's murder was cold blood
ed. It occurred during: the height of
the strike, which had caused much
bitterness" and had "led"- "to" many fights.
Bailey, accompanied ¦ by two'' other
union men and a woman, hired Fer
guson, who had taken the place of
one of the strikers, to drive them Into
an unfrequented part of the city.
There the three men attacked Fergu
son, who put up a fierce fight for his
life, until Bailey fired the fatal shot.
His companions are yet to be tried.
Hackman Who Killed Strike
Breaker Found Guilty of
Murder in First Degree
Thomas Clay, an English
nicin, Is Led to Purchase
Half Interest in Koadhouse
VANCOUVER. B. C, July 2. —
While reaching to pluck a particularly
brilliant flower growing in a bunch of
grass, Mrs. George N. Barclay was
struck on the hand by a rattlesnake
on Dominion day and died from the
effects. Mrs. Barclay was the daugh
ter of J. G. Cornwall of Ashcroft
Manor and one of the best known so
ciety women in what is called the up
per country.
Dies From Bite of Rattlesnake
• CHICAGO, July 2. — Danfel E
Brush, president of the livestock com
mission firm of Brush, Son & Hough
Company and a charter member of
the Board of Trade, died of heart fail
ure to-day in a billiard halL He was
73 years of ass. Brush was stricken
while playing billiards.
— , «
Dies While Playing Billiards.
Senor Dupuy de Lome attended a per
formance at the theater the night be
fore he died, and durii.g the day o{ his
death spent considerable time in writ
ing. He seemed to be in excellent spir
its until a short time before he was
stricken. Madame Dupuy de Lome is
completely prostrated. Her eldest son
arrlvtd from Madrid to-night.
The dramatic event attending Senor
Dupuy de Lome's departure from
Washington did not seriously affect
his prestige at Madrid. Hq became
under secretary to the Ministry of For
eign Affairs and later was elevated to
the rank of Embassa.* r. He was also
a Senator, holding both positions at
the time of his death.
PARIS, July 2.— Senor Dupuy de
Lome, who was Spanish Minister at
Washington prior to the war between
the United States and Spain, died here
last night from cerebral hemorrhage.
He arrived here two days ago from
Rome, where he held the post of Em
bassador near the Quirinal. Senora de
Lome accompanied him. The Embas
sador had been suffering for some time,
but there'was no immediate apprehen
sion of the cerebral attack bringing on
his sudden death.
The Spanish authorities here have
taken charge of the funeral arrange
ments. The body will remain at the
Hotel de3 Capucines, where the Em
bassador died. The funeral will occur
Monday morning. It is expected that
the' body will be temporarily interred
here.
ROPE AWAITS
UNION DRIVER
With Mrs. Roosevelt and his children
the President drove immediately to
his Sagamore Hill home. The entire
route, three miles, was hung with
Americans flags. 'l?;jS
The station at Oyster Bay, which had
been beautifully -decorated, was
thronged with people. As the train
stopped the crowd cheered . enthu
siastically, and when the President ap
peared on the- platform of his car the
gathering received him uncovered, hun
dreds waving flags. Through a space
which had been roped off the President,
bowing right and left to scores in the
crowd whom he recognized, was escort
ed to his carriage. There was no hand
shaking.
- At the carriage the President met
Mrs. Roosevelt and his^ children, who
had driven from Sagamore Hill to join
his welcome home. The Oyster Bay
Roosevelt Club marched to the station
headed by a band arid participated in
the greeting, but as the demonstration
was purely non-partisan the club took
no further action. The band played
"Hail to the Chief" as the President
entered his carriage, and a party of
men in a field near the station fired
giant crackers and small braes cannon
in noisy welcome.
OYSTER BAY, July 2.— President
Roosevelt's homecoming was made the
occasion of a cordial demonstration, In
which the citizens of Oyster Bay, Mr.
Roosevelt's friends and neighbors for
years, united to do honor to the -chief
executive. Irrespective of political affil
iations the residents of this pretty
village turned out to welcome the Pres
ident to his home. It was a genuine
fete day in Oyster Bay. Business was
practically supended and residences
and business houses were decorated
with flags and bunting.
Politics Is Forgotten in the Home
coming of the Country's
Chief.
OYSTER BAY WELCO3IES
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
READILY PARTS
WITH HIS COIN
ter lt was agreed that Clay should
purchase Neuvchaer*s Interest for JSOO.
They came to the city and Clay gave
Neuvohner a check on the bank tor
that amount.
The following Monday, when Clay
went to the roadhouse to take posses
sion, he was Informed by ilajorissy
that he would have to pay $150, half of
the rent that was due. Clay protested
that he had purchased the half inter
est In the buildings and stock, but
Majorissy laughed at him. telling him
that they only had a lease of the
buildings. Clay consulted some friends
and they advised him to pay the (150.
because, if the dally receipts amounted
to between $20 and $23, It would prove
a paying Investment.-
Clay paid the $150 and waited for the
receipts to come in. He waited In vain.
In his complaint he alleges that the
daily receipts ran from 10 cents to 75
cents and he came to the conclusion
that he had been deliberately swindled
out of the $350.
DEATH ENDS
THE LABORS
OF DE LOME
By some means they managed to ob
tain their freedom during the night
aad ln the morning there was an ex-'
citing chase to recapture them. The
flying fox gave the most trouble. He
was first seen hanging from a chan
delier, whence he made sudden swift
flights in succession to various points
cf vantage in the room. He was event
ually brought down with a broom han
dle and once more confined in the cage.
The Belgian suite will require re
pairs before it is again occupied by
royal guests, as some of the draperies
were badly torn by the frightened ani
mals.
LONDON, July 2.— Queen Alexan
dra's purchases of animals at the re
cent charity bazaar resulted ln a rather
exciting time for the servants ln Buck
ingham palace. Instructions were
given at the "Noah's Ark" department
cf the bazaar that the animals should
be kept until an arrangement was
made for their reception at Sandring
ham. By some misapprehension, how
ever, they were sent to Buckingham
palace the very same evening, the of
ficials there being surprised by the ar
rivals of several cats, pups, kids, a fly
ing fox, aad a marmoset.
Th« servants were at their wits' end
es to what to do with them, as the
Queen is always m^st solicitous re
garding the comfort of any animals be
longing to her. No outdoor accommo
dation was available, so a room In
the Belgian suite, which is usually re
served for royal guests of high degree,
was hastily got ready for the miniature
menagerie and there the animals were
secured in cages.
8p«eial XMzpft&ch t» The CtlL
The attitude of the Liberal leaders In
the House of Commons In desiring the
retention of Balfour In power grows
out of their opposition to Lord Spencer,
th* LJberal leader in the House of
Lords, who, in case the government re-
EigT», would naturally be selected to
be the new Premier. Moreover, they
do not wish at the present time to un
dertake the management of some of
the questions now pending.
I/DXDOJC, July 2. — Nine year* &go to
day the CosMrratlres extered on their
less: lease of oSce, Lord Salisbury
harlcg beecme Prime Minister for the
third and L^t time oa JuJy 2, 1£9S.
Lcrd Halebury. the Lord High Chaa
oellcr, aad Lord Ash bourse, the Lord
Chancellor cf Irelaad, ar» the only
Ministers who hold the same posts as
they did thea-
Za t z'.tt cf fnceazast attacks on the
roremnent la Parliament durtef the
la«t fevr weeks aad the dificulty of
zraistainicr anything like normal
majorities, thar* is ao reasoa to believe
that Presler Balfcur has aay present
lslesttoa cf teslerias; his reslra&tlon,
rcr ha.T« the Liberal leaden at this
moment ary real desire to attempt to
force him to take this step. Balfonr
recognises that !t Is not In accord with
strict parliamentary principles to
transact the nation's business by
deans of the closure, as he purposes to
do fcr the remainder of the session.
But the Premier pointed out ln the
Hcuse cf Commons yeeterday that, ln
new cf the persistent obstruction tac
tics cf the opposition to all the gov
ernment's legislation, there was to
other course open to him.
Balfour desires to remain In power
•.t least until Important pending ques
tions are eettled, such as Tibet and the
Rutso-Japanese war, aad he also la
determined to carry through the larger
domestic legislation promised in the,
King's epeech; for instance, the alien ,
bill and the bill to compensate owners
of ealoons for deprivation of their li
censes when the /government reduces
the number cf such houses. The gov- i
eminent Is not seeking to curtail the
ee«Eion of Parliament and does not ex
pect an adjournment until late in
AUJTUEt.
In speaking of the result of the test
Vice President Edwin A. Cramp of the
Cramp Shipbuilding Company said:
"The performance of the machinery
was perfect In every respect. The
Nicolaus boIFer, about which there has
been eo much controversy, performed
its functions admirably. The model of
the ship is so excellent that at the top
speed there was a remarkable absence
of waves both at the bow and at the
stern- Another noticeable feature of
the trial was the entire absence of vi
bration at all speeds. The results al
together show the Colorado to be with
out a peer in the American or any
other navy."
The weather conditions were ideal
and everything favored good results
generally.
The official trial will probably take
place about the middle of September.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER. Del..
July 2.— On the unofficial builders* trip
to-day- the United States armored
cruiser Colorado achieved a maximum
speed over a measured course of 22.31
knots an hour, ' the ' average of two
runs under forced draught being at the
rate of 22.10 knots an hour. This re
sult Is highly gratifying to the build- 1
ers, as the requirements of the con
tract were exceeded ln every respect.
Experts on board predicted after. the
run that the .Colorado would average
not less than 22% knots on the official
trial trip and thus exceed the contract
epeed requirement by at least one-half
knot.
Escape From Their Cages
and Strike Terror Into
the Hearts of Servants
Prefer the Present Premier
to Lord Spencer, Who
Would Be His Successor
Tessel Reaches a ilaximum
Speed of 22.31 Knots an
Hour Over Measured Course
PETS BIOT AT NIGHT
• UXEEADY FOE A CHANGE
EXCEEDS EEQUIEE3IEXTS
Queen Alexandra Sends a
Large Collection of Live
Animals to Buckingham
Liberals Not Disposed io
Force the Besignatioa of
Great Britain's Ministry
Builder's Trial of the Col
orado Shows Craft Is Cap
able of Making Fast Time
BALFODR SAFE
FOR A TIME
TURNS PALACE
INTO MUSEUM
CRUISER MAKES
A LIVELY TRIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .JULY 3, 190*.
24
¦ If yoit need help to 'make
that summer ' waist : or - outing:
unit answer our EMPLOYMENT
WANTED ads.
Reliable . seamstresses at rea-
sonlible' rates. •¦ .»..,.,:. •
ASVEBTISZ2fE27T&
MODERN MIRACLES
Cures That Rival Those of
2000 Years Ago. j
," ' - ¦ 'I
Scenes of Wild Enthusiasm
During Last Days of
Free Services, v I
"May God Bless You in -Your Mission,"
Was the Cry From Hundreds of
Grateful Patients.
Never in the History of San Francisco Has There Been So Much
excitement Cver Any Man as Has Been Created During the
Last Two Weeks Over Abbo and the Marvelous Cures
Being Performed at His Institute, 242 Post Street
So much ha* been written and said i and hears nothing hut praise from all
concerning the healing powers of Abbo who have accepted Ills treatment,
and tb« marvelous cures he has perform- " e uses his own system of medicine,
t<] that to those away from the city it by no mean8 makes an .apothecary shop
read. Ilk* a romance. So surprising have of 1 f ou , r " omach - ,
b~n many of his cures that not oniy the £ SKSSi|i
laymen but tbe medical world stand amlnatlons. Microscopically, chemically
aghast in utter bewilderment at a power X-ray and .by his own individual knowl-
»o potent and marvelous as to break edge of the Anatomical and Physlologi-
congestion in a few moments' time. cal conditions of the human body. • He
Scores of ehror.lc diseases that for years make8 a Perfect diagnosis of both cause
have dened the combined skill of *e
medical world have been brought to Ab- treat rou satisfactorily and perfect cure
Ikj. and In a remarkably short time those While Dr. ABBO cures a large percent-
who were blind have been made to "see. ape of so-called incurable diseases, he
the deaf to hear. Rheumatic 'pain's have does not claim to cure regardless of the
iJlssr.peartd and paraiyzed limbs have condition of the person whom he is
taken life. No man ever came' to. this . treaOn *' and "serves the right to pro-
cour.try and created so much excitement nounce as curable, or tell them that they
cs Abbo. whose name is on the lips of. can only * 5 el!ev<jd '
nearly every man. woman and chUd In ... oiiir«rcrr»rrr»<*
•Jan Francisco as the Wonder Worker. ' rtLL oUritKEao '
He asks you very few questions, but will "itArT mI^ «,°° d dl » 0rdcr8 ' P 1^
K-t-ato your dlseaae. no matter where or . and urinary troubles,
what it may be. rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, sclat-
Ilis unexceptional success In curing * ca ' B^oujd call at once. SpecUl quick
chronic disease of lonK standing which tr !f tm , e^ Private- diseases of men
were previously considered Incurable is and all dlsea«e« of. women.;.,
the sole cause of hi* overwhelming re- , consultation*. X-ray examinations,
ception in 8an Francisco. m }?!Z* e ?? [C ? <Uld cheraIcaI examinations
This is not a supernatural gift or r*v- of •***?, blood ; "P uta *»* UTln "> with ex-
elation. a« Ik so often proclaimed by false P ert d [ a « nosl8 ' v «n free of charge,
pretenders, but the result of Dr. ABBO'S ' - fnppFCDnvnpiMrp "
undivided attention and many years' d«s- OUftreCorUlHUtnlbC -
voUon.to the study of diseases to which if you cannot call, write your troubles
the family practitioner pays but little Consultation free and confidential,
ettention and only thinks that your trou-
We is imaginary on your part. ABBO MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Dr. ABBO has attended more than' one '
thousand paUentSi within tbe last month. 242 Post Street
- '..-¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ w
JOE BOSK.NBKKG-S. | • JOfi ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
AC POD 1 T^V 1S7P ¦¦& &%T&& «Sf/%^^«K ° ULTXCES* WHZTS PETTICOATS^"
/^o run uo, W^ SIWw inrOOil
jfhL s^fr) i>5 >S. KtrN r- •»« « j^Vi . » r-m -—_ self at the price we ask for this
£§&bJ><z>\ j*W GIVE W^wL,U-El«S> slclrt ..ai.is
If you can't rely upon a store's advertisements how arc you usie. in th*
BBri.>%( Lffjr "'¦"''' '''\J&S(3SB& I # j j ••^j-»»t - .t. open •work new French lace
* to depend upon its ? No premiums : no catchpenny, effect, extra ionr. ***?}***
1 / aa =9v / ,J |r __ k--.»-..» r 7 * black. If you're a gocxi. j^^se
A^S SB r^jf^ Money's worth or money back— that's what you get here. ££ e^£ a Vou^^.iSc
Vv<3?-Kl ° tABITS' GOI.P OB WAX.KETG ° SCS2 STTPPOXTiatS— " T TgS THBEI-CSO vm XvlBZES'
• SXIBTS- The u^ tbat fMtcns oa th€ JOB OI.OV3S--
I K'»'ai l OVil« 2 **4 i V ifik. "Made of all-wool cheviot home- sides of the corset. Made of Made _, of < ., < i ?t >orte^,, k °uJ? k*
I^SMorvV ML iW spun and serges, tailor stitched. fancy grilled French lisle elastic. s Hl m .*? J tItct .w r * JL-V?*.!!^*
\\ YJ^X^hi^ ¦ deep flare flounce, extra wide, in fancy buckle In a bowknot pat- st.tchinfc on the »»cac. t wo pa t^-
,-**_Viy# S^\s^>^J JWi ereen. navy, brown and gTay: tern: double button clasps. «>* clasps, and ell this juncsf.
/wSStWtY & medium ireijrht for summer or which will not cone undone. In cr>lr.r«. Iccludin* b^* a. 1 :' 1
WpSSs' tt&~^**<^& "*<'£, winter wear: real value S 5.00; pinV. blue, red and black. Price 1 ?;. a J? \i nn ' rnX
J&^^jS*,. closing out price $2.^5 10c ar.d.^. Instead of SI.03. . .C9c
3 Vyy Cf™****^ z£bo — ' poanr bsazts cmT.p^rr'!; Iiabizs* vssts —
f^^S $b^A\\ The n?w summer cors-t. Made HOSE — Made of India thread. low nec'x
"™^" of. imported open work • nettinjr. Once worn and you'll have and no aleeves. SwlM ri&Dea
I double rust-proof steels, hand- your children wear no others. and °P* n "work lace effect. NecX
u.i,,. •_ „„. ,,, A ...m pored and lace ribbon trimmed. Made of Egyptian thread. Jersey and armholes finished wttH a
What IS not right V/e Will - We would rather saw wood and ribbed, double neels. toes and beading and finished with a silk
— .»§ -. •*%.*¦ rive \-alues, and here you are knees: medium and heavy wash braid. In pini. blue ana
make Tight. For ..;.50c weight, all sites. A pair 25c white. Price 15c
1 * gw-nyr yAW T r .oiMCTB- °~I^Al>rEg' BUCK .VTAXBT3 — BUBEJSTS 1 ESTAST VXSTS— IkAJSrBS' T1GETS —
For the UD-to-date women Made Made of high luster India silk. The new patent kind which ties of lisle thread, fast black.
of^ white sate«n doubl™ side Tand tucked and hemstitched, detach- across the abdomen and fastens Jersey knit, knee and ankle
front steels With abdomen re- able collar, with embroidery tab. in the back, made of knitted fab- length, kid fittlns tops. If we
ducer hose supporter attached. No brarging here; you'll . find rlc. soft as velvet: physicians gave premiums our pric« would
A .surprise for your money . it so when you inspect these at and nurses recommend tsem. be 75c, but we civo values, hence
4 f 5Oc :......:.. ...... .-81.95 Price 25c and 35c J[ the low price 50c
° r. apt-PR, rtttut. ¦BriniTg- 9 T.*T)TTa» QOXBIXXTIOn STTIT— Z^&SXSS' TESTS—
Made of imported colored ma- Low neck and no sleeves. Made High neck and long sleeves. Full four Inches lour, straight
dras. latest tailored stvles, puffed « f °P«n wor * mesh, umbrella Made of velvet finished thread. aad crinkled, highly pollsaed
Ele*»ves fancy detachable collar. shaped drawers, finished with a Extra large slxe. The shaped with smooth teeth, tortoise shell
stripes and dotted effects. Price wide crocheted lace. Full value kind, summer trejgnt. No pre- in looks, but not so in price...
....?:._?..... T7.......... 75c h « re - Instead of J1.00. now.. C5c mlums. bet a 40c vest for. .25c • ¦> dozen Oc ;
9 T-^VTES' QOWHS- ° SABH HTBBOK— " "~~~ * TOXCHO3T LACE— "~9 TfTR rT^-T*** A tytrr * T « wg «
Made of soft bleached- muslin Fully five inches wide. Made of For underwear and children's Double Woven Ftetrer Tipped
square yoke effect, hemstitched • extra heavy silK taffeta, alpaca dresses. % to 2% inches wide. Gloves. Made of XX lisle, la
tucks, collar and cuffi finished finish, corded edge. In pink. all pearl edge, the good washing gray. tans, mode, champagne.
with ruffles Instead of 65c at blue, white, cardinal and black kind, ln many different patterns. black and white. >*o better
the Price Cutter's 45c 12 V4c Price 3c summer -glove mafle. Price.. 5OC
q r q Q O (
IiADIES' WATamKynTwrrryw TOII.ET OS OBESCl^Q COMB— a t.a Pifim KNTJT. SATTW TATS BATTUJTBZHtO SCASPS—
Made of sheer Belfast linen; un- Made of extra heavy rubber, fine New Empire shape, steel boning. Made of allover hand-made Bat-
laundered; Just the way they and coarse teeth, eight inches In pink. blue, white and black. tenberg lace, full 18 Inches wide,
came from the nunneries. J1.00 lone- At the 8tor e of values... Just the corset for the summer full 54 Inches Ions- Special for
a dozen, or. apiece 10c a ••-•••12c wear. Price 50c _, Tuesday $2.00
, q. Q V O Q O I
LADIES' HOSE — Hr| _ fftf . th . ¦ A n r ft O T 11 ft r ft ft JiADXSS* AXJTO VESTS —
Made of silk-finished thread. llc p IWI "•' iEal KII\rNKrK!i > • ¦ For antomobillng or golfing; made
stainless black. The shaped short pocket \ tip ilUWUllULItU If you see It oi steam-shrank saxoay yarn;
kind, that is perfect fitting.... •,»«!» »wf #m*> ' J 3 1 1 • ...... largo white pearl buttons; green.
l2Hc nook and facts •# f*& ba The Price Cutter In oar ad youl! red! tan. biackTdotted effects 08c
f tACE cape com^bs- TS 1110 ,! 11 .^U f 816 Market Street fnd lt ln 0Dr ? m>n»' coi^ax aot tab- (
Made of Point de Gene Lace. the Price Cut- ? { V^JJ if 21 * tore - Made of heavy Buntinr. Per-
I n f^s 8^ d r!ce ln . fl .°.Tff5O l c J 1 1 O FfllTdl StTCet slan embroidered to bright
o o o- : — o o -— i
ADVX&TISE21ENT3.
fej CANDY riTTTIHTir ¦n|l<^ I
H PREVENT ALL SURlrflER BOWEL TROUBLES fSj
Hi Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times 23 I j
S|i quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels } j
|ga poisoned, thrown out of order: sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhcea, |---|
gsl dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and *;"i
t"5J tn ? P^gu*- Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper fr-4
b|| tn * n S is to send all impure and unnecessary matter ont of the body I 1
p|j every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels, f j
Ba You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and I I
R|I healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not I I
Si harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take \A
5gd in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. | J
IH All drugjnsts. 10c.-25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet | j
Igl stampedC.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money baclc. Sample and 1--4
free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 J j
I w«jit to tee the Fi!yplnp« U»ln* en the plafn, £K \ W t£ \ \ \~"
An* tlis «l»irnia*o* creation an* the tiakin' o* the Maine, II %\ .VjB^ % »
An'eUergreat inrention»,lifce the Chinee* an* the Tark», V J 1 \ §Jm V \ \
An* the raeuf rom Franee aad Borneo a-carryin* their dlrki. 1 i \ 1 In I \ \
Then the citvfal •' aide ihowt— there'a the kind •'thine I \\\ I \\. jTl I \ \ \
I reckon I'll p bu:ted wher. 1 turel dovrn the Pike. / [/ 1 I
—"A B«K*d »f the Pike," by Wallace Inria. Copy- Ak/* 11 \ \
nghted by CaUiet'i Weekly. PabUihed by penmatioa. >~*^ II i \
To St. Louis and Return X^gB
May 11,11,1^ Joce i,i,i?, T,6..U,i*i July 1,1.7, 8,ij,l+i ' fk' lMs^S^wL ¦
Auguit K,7, id, i S, 19, September 5,6,7, S, October J, 4, $,6.
' Return liait, ninety day*. * 1 1
Take. the Rock Islmd System. and you go W L "«V*»f'»V\ * \
thro' without change. Scenic or Southern /^&**^""^'*i"A V. \
lire, as preferred. Standard and touriit //iffi?.*/- "*'•". "A |
flceping cars; dining cairs. Trains stop at . Jill \*>'.°*\' \'\ \
Main Entrance World's Fair. /j . t"v'*** 'J \
"Aj^1JLh8ffi3wSfe5Si7 Full ir.forma:ioa oa retjutst. «^i^5?*rr^. k. -jfv^ {
H'uTb^I Rrmlll Call er write. s^ ">»J_^'
JgapSfflnrpf'HraSj C. A. Ruthmfoid, D. P. A.,
(JaJiSt? CAJllllryP} *' 2 3 M ir k« Street, [ JGENERAL C. A. WOODRUFF, WHO
WILt, ADDRESS THE VETERANS
AT TOUNTVILLE.
AIRSHIP IS ATTACHED.— As the
result of an attachment Dlaced yester
day on the Aereod Navigation Company
bytheRauer Collection Agency, the
Sheriff seized . three silk * balloons '-. be
longing to the airship now In course of
construction at Baker and Fell streets.
The j attachment, was ..the" result of a
suit brought against the company on a
claim of $160. . ' . ¦
NEW YORK, July 2.— The following
Californians are registered/ in New
York: -
From San Francisco — Mrs. Le Roy
Gerard and H." R. "Sanders at the Hol
land, C Adams-and wife at the St
Denis, E. C. Heuter at '; the Belvedere,
Miss E. Rhine ,at the St-i Denis, R.
Schmidt, M. Schmidt and W. C Zweig
at the Belvedere, Mrs; K. Davis at the
Imperial, G. Dougherty at the Ross
more. F. ' G. Gould at the Murray.. Hill
and E.'Llhds at the Union Square.
;From Los Angeles— R.R. Good at the
Metropolitan f and ] F. A. Pollock at the
Broadway Central.*
., From San Rafael— M. r Schmidt at the
Belvedere. '- . . ' . :
From San Diego— W. E. Smyth at the
St. Denis.
Californians in New York.
About 10 o'clock last night Dave
Mitchell, one of his employes, was in
the act of making some changes' In
the decoration of . the window, when
he heard something crack and looking
at ' the ; plate glass window, he saw a
bullet hole through it. At the same
time one of the clerks, Miss Flutena
Collins," who was . standing close by,
complained of having been hit a blow
on the leg by something. It caused
her such acute - pain that she was
obliged to go home. < '
It is now the supposition that the
bullet, after,, breaking the window,
plowed its way through a lot of goods
and finally hit Miss Collins. She was
not seriously injured. - : •'
The I jubilation . of • some patriotic
citizen will .cost Joe Rosenberg; the
price of a new window in his store at
816 Market street.
Patriotic. Cltlxen Shoots Into Store' of
Joe Rosenberg and Wounds ¦
Fltitcna Collins.
BULLET SMASHES' WINDOW
AND .THEN STRIKES GIRL
ALUMBAUGH ELOPEMENT
RESULTS IN A SHOOTING
Uncle of the Groom Is Said to Have
. Drawn Ills Revolver on the
Bride's Relatives.
SAN DIEGO, July 2.— More trouble
has cropped out between the Donly
family ¦ of Escondldo and the Alum
baugh family. Some weeks ago John
Alumbaugh of Oceanslde and Miss
Edna Donly eloped on the morning of
the latter's graduation from the Escon
dido High School. The ; couple sepa
rated almost immediately after being
married, and Donly started suit to an
nul the marriage. A telephone message
received to-day conveyed the Informa
tion that this morning an uncle of
young Alumbaugh. who lives near the
Donly family in Escondldo, had been
seen in Donly's field and had entered
there for the purpose of holding con
versation with the bride.' The proceed
ings were witnessed by Mrs. Donly,
who, It is said, came out of the house
and commenced to belabor Alumbaugh
on the head with a club. About this
time, according to the reports received,
young Donly entered the house and
shortly afterward emerged with a shot
gun, which he discharged at Alum
baugh. The latter then drew his re
volver and drove the son, Mrs. Donly
and her daughter into the house.
Mrs. Donly later swore out a war
rant for the arrest of Alumbaugh on a
charge of assault. .
BIG PROGRAMME AT VISALIA.
Citizens Complete Flans for Celebra
tion of Nation's Birthday.
VTSALIA, July 2.- — Visalia has com
pleted arrangements for the biggest
Fourth of July celebration ever given
in this end of the San Joaquln Valley.
Adolph D. Sweet, one of the best
known men in Tulare County, is
chairman of the celebration commit
tee and for two months he has devoted
all of his time to arranging the de
tails of the forthcoming celebration.
Roy A. Van Loan' is secretary of the
committee and J. Sub Johnson treas
urer. Herman T. Miller, a young at
torney, has been chosen for president
of the day and Senator S. C. Smith
of Bakersfleld will be the orator. The
Declaration of Independence will be
read by Benjamin B. Dudley. Wil
liam W. Collins, Sheriff of Tulare
County, will be the grand marshal of
the parade. The programme will be
gin at sunrise with the firing of heavy
guns. The parade will start at J:30
o'clock and' it is estimated that the
procession will be at least two miles
long. The programme of sports will
be long and interesting. Including bi
cycle races, foot races, hose races, au
tomobile races,' bronco riding, horse
racing. A balloon ascension 'will
take place in the afternoon. .At night
there will be a display "of fireworks.
The festivities will conclude with a big
ball at the Armory Hall and a second
ary bal at. the Auditorium./, Fred H.
Jones has charge of the'»>porta'of the
day. The dances will be conducted by
Elmon Levy and Alonzo Melville Doty.
Monday morning the entire club will
strike camp ¦ and start on their four
weeks' high Sierra trip.
TOSEMITE, July 2. — One hundred
and eighty members of the Sierra Club
will gather In the Yosemite to-morrow
to dedicate the Le Conte Memorial
Lodge. Dr. Grove Karl Gilbert, chief
geologist of the United States Geolog
ical Survey, will speak of Dr., *Le
Conte's services to science. Dr.. A. C.
Lawson, Professor Le Conte's succes
sor at the University of California and
chairman of the committee which has
raised this memorial, will speak of Le
Conte's relations to the University of
California, and ' Alexander Eells, pres
ident of the Alumni Association of the
University of California, will deliver a
short address. An original poem will
be read by Wllloughby Rodman. In the
absence of John Muir, president of the
club, and Elliott McAllister, vice .pres
dent, William E. Colby, secretary of
the club, will preside. Miss Le Conte
is already In the valley. Mrs. Le Conte,
the widow of Dr. Joseph Le Conte, and
J. N. Le Conte, their son, . will be pres
ent at the- exercises. «
Members of the Sierra Club Arrive
at the Yosemlte to Take Part
In the Exercises. '
ASSE3IBLE TO DEDICATE
LE COXTE MEMORIAL LODGE
LOS ANGELES. July 2. — Because of
its failure to pay taxes on Its wharf
at Port Los Angeles, the longest in
the world, the Southern Pacific Com
pany came near losing that valuable
property. It saved itself by securing a
temporary injunction which stopped
the sale until the matter can be ad
justed. •
Stops Sale of the Wharf.
The citizens' committee, which had
charge of the erection of the new
library, is composed of Rev. T. F.
Burnham, George Roe, J. J. Rippetoe,
J. F. Ward and C. E. Walsh.
The new library building is one of
the handsomest structures In this sec
tion. It is of a classic design of archi
tecture and is built of Tenino (Wash.)
granite, brick and concrete. The
$20,000 donated by Andrew Carnegie
has been expended In the erection of
the new library building, which stands
upon a corner lot donated by. the
Board of City Trustees in the central
part of the city.
Members of Woman's Improvement
Club Will Conduct the Festivities.
VALLEJO, July 2. — The Woman's
Improvement Club of this. city is ar
ranging to conduct the celebration of
the Fourth of July in Vallejo. One of
the conspicuous features of the pro
gramme will be the dedication of the
new Public Library building, which
has just been completed.
Commander C. B. T. Moore, U. S.
N., of the' Mare Island Navy Yard will
deliver the oration. There will be
music and exercises befitting the oc
casion. Among the participants will
be Mrs. F. W. Gorham, president of
the Woman's Improvement Club. *
CELEBRATION AT VALLEJO.
WILLOWS. July 2. — Last evening a
fire broke out on the Cummings ranch,
near Princeton. The flames were
fanned by a brisk breeze and before
the fire could be controlled a large
barn containing several tons of new
hay was destroyed, besides 200 acres
of standing barley. The property was
owned by the Colusa County Bank and
was insured.
Fire Destroys Ranch Property.
"Take a trip to the 'United States
and view the St. Louis Exposition;
then come back to Japan and witness
the closing incidents of the war, and
you will then have gleaned as much
Information regarding the strife as
the correspondents who are now
locked up in Tokio."
This was the tip given Paul Le
Feuve, a representative of several
French and Belgian papers in the Ori
ent, by a prominent war official of the
Japanese Government. The newspa
per man, who had been several
months in Tokio impatiently awaiting
a chance to go to the front., accepted
it. He arrived here yesterday, and is
registered at the Palace. He repeats
the stories of other correspondents to
the effect that none of them have had
a chance to see any of the fighting. .
A month. ago Le Feuve quietly ap
pealed to one of the Japanese officials
of the -War -Department- for Informa
tion as to when he might, hope to get
to the scene of actual warfare. He
was told he might never have that op
portunity. • The official. apparently ap
preciated the anxiety of the French
man and'suggested thatheshould do
a little sight seeing In America before
the war ended, which, he added, from
a Japanese point of view,- was/ very
certain^ to be within six months. Le
Feuve speaks in the highest terms - of
the military organization of Japan,
admitting that it is excelled by ; ,no
similar body in Europe. The corre
spondent will return'to the Orient- in
about three months unless * the war
ends sooner. **'•*
French War Correspondent Abandons
Mikado's Country for a Visit to
St. Louis Exposition.
GILROY, July 2.— Gilroy will cele
brate the Fourth in grand style.
Among the attractions will be a lady
grand marshal, Miss Addie Falque,
and lady aids. There will be a parade
In the morning, In charge of Director
General Edgar C. Holloway, followed
by literary exercises at the public
school grounds. All the fraternal so
cieties will participate and the resi
dents of Hollister will join in making
the affair a great success.
Miss Catherine Feeney, a graduate
of the Gilroy High School, '04, will
personate the Goddess of Liberty.
Miss Feeney was chosen by her class
mates. Her maids will be the Misses
Laura Thayer, Sally Allen, Mary Cul
len and Orpala Seay.
The president of the day will be Dr.
J. W. Thayer. B. A. Herrington of San
Jose will deliver the oration and Eras
tus Nash of Hollister will read the
Declaration of Independence. Rev.
Thomas F. Hudson will be chaplain.
Miss M. A. Fitzgerald has been se
lected^ as poetess and Miss Harriet
Quilty will read the poem. Mrs. Z.
W. Earl will direct the singing.
There will be games and races in
the afternoon and in the evening the
Red Men will parade. A ball at Music
Hall will conclude the festivities.
Miss Addle Falque Is Chosen to Head
the Parade at Gilroy.
LADY GRAND MARSHAL.
LE FEUVE TAKES TIP $
OF JAPANESE OFFICER
RAILROAD WATER TANK
MYSTERIOUSLY BLOWN CP
Officials Believe Accidental Discharge
of Dynamite Stored for Hold-TJp
Purposes Caused Destruction.
BOZEMAN. Mont, July 2. — A'
Northern Pacific water tank here was
blown up by dynamite to-day. There
is no - clew to the perpetrators. Of
ficials believe that the explosive was
stored by the tank to be used in a -
prospective hold-up of a train and that
it was set off by accident.
After a man has tried to talk busi
ness to a woman for five minutes he Is
prepared to sympathize with dry goods
clerks-
ances will engage the attention of the
public generally.
Oratory of a high grade will not be
the only attractive feature of the cele
bration at the home. Miss Millie
Flynn and Miss Ella V. McCloskey of
San Francisco, singers of exceptional
merit, will minister to the delight of
the audience at the reservation.
There will be fireworks In the even
ing, consisting mainly of large bombs
that will be exploded high In the air, so
as to diminish as far as possible the
danger of lire in the adjacent grain
fields.
TOUNTVILLE, July 2. — On the
Fourth of July General C. A. Wood
ruff, U. S. A., will address the mem
bers of the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville. He is an instructive and enter
taining speaker, who can hold his own
with the most accomplished spell-bind
er of the State. It Is expected that he
will say something of special interest
to the gallant old soldiers and sailors
at the institution and that his utter-
ST. LOUIS. July 2.— Cardinal SatoUl
to-day dedicated the Catholic cfaaiMl In
the Vlsayan village at the Philippine
reservation. He was assisted by Arch
bishop Glennon.- Monsignor O'Connell
and several Driests. Afterward the
Cardinal Inspected the different Philip
pine exhibits and reviewed a dress pa*
rade of the scouts.
Cardinal Sat oil! Performs Interesting
Ceremony at Vbayan Village. •
DEDICATES FAIR CHAPEL* 1
For the purpose of selecting and
k eating this farm the bill provides for
a commission consisting of the Gov
ernor of the State, who shall be its
president, the president of the univer
sity, the State Commission of Horti
culture, the president of the State
Beard of Agriculture and the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court.
Directors of the California livestock
Brooders* Association Prepare Bill
for Passage by Legislature
SACRAMENTO. July 2.— At a meet
ing of the board of directors of the
California Livestock Breeders' Associa
tion a bill was submitted which it was
proposed should be passed by the Leg
islature at Its next session. The bill
provides for the purchase of a farm to
be known as "the university farm,"
and to be under the control of the
Board of Regents of the university. It
is to consist of not less than 250 acres
of the best agricultural land in the
State, and is to be used in connection
with the department of agriculture of
the university.
School and college buildings are to
be constructed on it and such farm
buildings of a model type as will be
rifecessary for the use of the farm for
experimental work.
This school, it is proposed, shall be
modeled after the successful institu
tions of the Middle Western States,
where hundreds of young men and wo
men enter annually and are educated
practically as well as theoretically In
the latest developments of agricultural
science.
FAVOR THE PURCHASE
OF A UNIVERSITY FARM
General Woodruff
Will Address
Veterans.
'¦¦ - .¦¦?
Poole, Amy Hodges.
VEscondido — John D. Kerr.
Fair Attracts People From Many
Towns and Cities of th©
Golden State. \ . . "*
ST. LOUIS.' July 2.— The following
Californians are registered at the Loui
siana Purchase Exposition:
' San Franclscc^ — G. A. Williams, James
Fassler, John Wates. P. J. Poole, R.'
McCallen, Blanche Sanborn. Harold
Haas, H. W. Cress and wife, E. Lenen
berger and wife, Mr. and Mrs. R. M.
Creary. W. C. Slate, Mrs. D. Fellnsky,
Charles Mallnquist, John Teller, Thom
as J. Roesman, O. Weatesfleld, M. I>..
and wife. Eva E. Chambers. S. F. Wag
ner, B. W. Stark, C. Stark, C. F. Spen
cer, Annie Cunningham, Grace Oglesbyr
Los Angeles— T. Johnson and wife,
William Koeberle, S. C. Graves, Mr.
and Mrs. F. H. Phelps, Mrs. Nellie
Schader, John Dlefert,. J. B. Hawley,
L. M. Cleveland. Oscar Fowler. George
W. Dickinson, Martha Dickinson.
Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. James H.
Creely, A. L. Parsons.
Palo Alto— Mrs. M. A. Upham, Miss
Augusta Upham, Af Hardeman.
'j San Diego— Henry H. Palmera.
Healdsburg— H. \V. Cummings.
Redding— T. D. Head and wife.
Alameda— F. D. P. Teller.
Roy— O. E. Howell.*
Pasadena— Ernest Hughes. D. A. Glea
son.
Bakersfleld— F. J. Fetz.
San Jose— Mitchell Phillips.
Hanford— Mrs. V. A. Cleese.
Newman— Mrs. C. C. Huber. .
San Leandro — W. G. Muntz.
Fowler— Mrs. T. M. Boyd. T. M. Boyd.
Long Beach — Bessie Arnold, \ Mrs. J.
W. Arnold. - . • ¦ .- .
Fresno— Mrs. N. Coke, J. S. Wishon,
Mrs. A. C. Wiahon.
Berkeley— Mrs. L. V. Sweeny, T. B.
Cullom.
Sacramento — Mrs. James C. Pierson,
Florence C. McLennon.
Auburn— F. P. Tuttle.
Santa Barbara— T. F. Kellegham.
Whlttler— Alice M. Birdsall.
Nevada— A. Wolford, Mrs. A. Wol
ford.
Mendocino— L. Ames, J. Ames, Mr.
and Mrs. Smith. ,
Eureka— Walter E. Stern.
Arroyo Grande— Phoebe Poole, .. N.
CALSFOKSIAXS IN EAST , ',• ¦
VISIT THE EXPOSITION
When the smoke cleared away Giblin
began to realize that he had been a
very bad boy. He walked into the near
est saloon and laid his pistol on the
bar. "Come (hie) deliver myself (hlc)
justice," he said tearfully. "Put bunch
of flowers on (hie) grave. Say (hlc)
died game." And Giblin subsided into
peaceful slumber, with his head in a
cuspidor.
He was arrested, but no felony charge
will be placed against him. as the only
fatality that resulted was the death of
the poodle.
Out on Polk street, near Post, there
is a stain on the sidewalk, over which
is written > the simple inscription,
"Fido." But Giblin cannot be held di
rectly responsible for the innocent ani
mal's tragic end.
Giblin is the man who swore to the
complaint against the negro stable
men, Smith and Williams, charging
them with the murder of Anthony
Gallagher, who was shot and killed a
few days ago at Polk and Post streets.
Giblin swore at the Coroner's inquest
that he never carried a revolver.
The petulant pop of the pistol sound
ed musical To his ears. Memories of the
days before the "West became like the
"effete East" came back to him.
"Whoop!" shouted Giblin. "Wake,
snakes, and crawl. I'm Deadwood Pete,
the terror of the plains. I'm the orig
inal bad man from Bodle." .
Instead of jumping at this bargain
the peddler hastened on his way. Stung
by this lack of appreciation, Giblin
drew his revolver and fired a shot sky
ward.
Giblin was standing before the Ex
celsior stables, at 1000 Geary street
Suddenly a peanut • vendor drove by.
He wore a red and green necktie, which
offended Giblin's esthetic tastes.
"I'd knock your head off for 10 cents,"
volunteered Giblin. . , -
It was .not,,a"bullq(. that sent this
gentle but unprepossessing animal to
an early grave. A fat man named John
Blibbetts* heard one of Giblin's leaden
pellets whiz past his ear and fled for
cover. He stepped upon the poodle,
which blended with the sidewalk
beneath 'his -heavy foot. One bullet en
tered a Polk street restaurant and flat
tened against a tenderloin steak. The
others faded into the landscape.
The innocent but obsolete pastime of
shooting up the "town'' was revived by
Edward C. Giblin, a sjriklng stableman,
yesterday. . Though flew north,
east, south 'and '-west* -from Post and
Polk streets,,! there Was. nobody hurt
but a fat poodle. dog. -^> '" ¦• v, '
PALO ALTO, July 2.— The arrange
ments for the fitting celebration of the
nation's birthday have been completed
and the Indications are that there will
be an unusualfy large attendance of
visitors.- The committee in charge of i
the celebration has worked hard and
earnestly and that success will crown
its efforts Is now an assured fact. '
The parade will be a most striking fea
ture of the festivities and many Native
Sons and Native Daughters from ad-
Joining towns will be in line. There
will be a large delegation* of visitors
from. San Jose, and it is considered,
likely that 'the crowd in Palo Alto on
Monday will far exceed that on pre
vious holidays. The committeemen will
carefully look after the visitors and
nothing will be left undone that might I
contribute to their pleasure. Owing to
the fact that the railroad has given
special holiday rates, many residents
of San Francisco will take advantage
of them and join in Palo Alto's cele
bration.
At a meeting of the Board of Trus
tees of the town of Palo Alto, held to
day, the following resolutions were
adopted:
"First— Resolve**. That, whereas a
certain article entitled 'Palo Alto May
Have Trouble,' has been published In;
an evening paper of the city of San
Francisco at the instigation of the Citi
zens' Alliance and one Herbert George,
president of the San Francisco CitI- \
zens' Alliance, reflecting on the good j
name of the college town of Palo Alto,
and the residents of said town, and
further reflecting on the city govern- j
ment of said town, it is hereby resolved
that said article Is false, unjustified
and injurious to . the interests of the
town of Palo Alto, and without any
foundation whatever.
"Second— Resolved, That, whereas,
said article . contained the statement
'that law and order will be maintained
by the Palo Alto Citizens' Alliance at
any cost'; that any such action would
be unlawful and tend to Injure and de
stroy the harmony of the celebration on
the Fourth of July.
"Third— Resolved, That law and or
der will be maintained by the authority !
of the city government of the town
where said authority is vested by the
laws of the State of California, and any
disobedience or Interference with said ;
authority will be summarily dealt with
according to law.
"Fourth — Resolved, That, whereas, '
the Board of Trustees of said town
have already amply provided for police
protection on the ; Fourth of July, any
attempt on the part of local organiza
tions to control in the interests of said
organizations would be unjustifiable
and injurious to the celebration of the
Fourth of July.
"Fifth— Resolved, That the Board of
Trustees of the town of Palo Alto here
by pledge themselves in the interests
of harmony, peace and good will, and
In the interests of the visitors and resi
dents of the town, to promote and es
tablish so far as In their power friend
ship and good will between each and
all, that the Fourth of July,. 1904, may
go down Into the history of Palo Alto
as a day of joy, and not* of regret, and
to this end the Board of Trustees, in
behalf of the town, ask the co-opera
tion and assistance of all.
"Sixth— Resolved, That we deplore
the publication of the article that has
caused these resolutions to become
necessary at this time.
"Passed by the Board of Trustees of
the town of Palo Alto.
"A. S. FERGUSON. President
"W. W. TRUESDALE.
"WILLIAM DEAN.
"FATETTE MITCHELTREE."
"Attest: JOHN D. BOYD, Clerk."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In 1S37 the Shoshones, 1000 strong,
came up from the South, headed across
the desert and toward the mountains.
The Piutes. who then were masters of
that section, warlaid the travelers, a
bloody Crht ensued and 1500 Indians
were slaughtered.
RENO. Nev.. July 2.— Mute evidence
of a terrible massacre on the Great
Nevada Desert nearly sixty years ago,
in which more than 1000 Shoshone In
dians susd 509 Piutes lost their lives,
was unearthed to-day in Churchill
County, near Fallon. In the center of
the great irrigation project the grim
discovery was made by two Govern
ment employes engaged in testing the
soiL In the course of their researches
they uncovered two skeletons, the
Ekulls of which showed that they were
cf aborigines. Within a few feet of
the skeletons they also found the pic
tare of a white girl, apparently about
16 years of age. Another strange feat
ure was that bows and arrows were
found by tie side of each skeleton.
The place is on the cite of an old In
dian battle-ground.
Special XHspatch to The c±n
The fraternal organizations and un
ions also will enter floats, and all of
them promise to be beautiful in design
and color. The militia companies and
seml-milltary uniform ranks of frater
nal orders will also parade.
At 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon the
literary exercises will be held In the
courthouse park.
At 5 o'clock there will be a grand
dress parade and review of all military
companies and organizations in Fresno,
Including Companies C and F of the
National Guard, the Spanish-American
War Veterans and the uniform ranks
of the Knights of the Maccabees.
Knights of Pythias and the canton of
Odd Fellows.
The event of the evening will be a
display of fireworks at Recreation Park.
C. L. "Walter will act as grand mar
shal for the parade and Dr. Chester
Rowell will be president of the day.
W. F. Toomey is president of the
Fourth of July committee and is put
ting forth his best efforts to make the
celebration eclipse all previous ones.
Among those prominent on the various
committees are W. Parker Lyon; Mayor
L. O. Stephens, who Is taking a great
Interest in the big time to come; Henry
Brickley, Louis Kutner, T. J. Hammond,
A. G. Wishon and Captain W. S. Scott.
Chief Jesse Calhoun will bring his
tribe of Indians from the foothills near
Dunlap, in Madera County, with their
Indian ponies, war paint and feathers.
Pitiaches Tribe, Order of Red Men,
will take a conspicuous part in the pa
rade. The members will form the spe
cial escort to the Goddess of Liberty
float, the goddess-elect being a member
of Navajo Council, Degree of Poca
hontas.
FRESNO. July 2.— The flash of the
reman candle and" the boom of the can
non cracker will be heard, as usual. In
Fresno on the Fourth of July, and this
rear the nation's birthday will be cele
brated on a larger scale than ever be
fore.
In the morning there will be a pa
rade, and many new and unique fea
tures will be Introduced.
Miss Lorena. Babcock has been chos
en to grace Uncle Sam's float, which
promises to be the dazzling feature of
the parade. Miss Babcock is one of
Fresno's most popular young ladles.
Henry E. Barbour will be the orator
of the day. The Native Sons will take
a conspicuous part In the parade and
will handle the float "California." It
will be built in the shape of a Califor
nia poppy, and springing from the
golden petals California, represented by
little 7-year-old Marian Hammond, a
native daughter, will appear dressed in
flowing robes.
Prizes consisting of handsome spurs
and fancy bridles are offered for the
vaquero who carries himself with the
best grace in the saddle, and cowboys
from far and hear will enter the ranks
to win their spurs.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Poodle Is Blended With the
Sidewalk by Pedestrian
Who ! Flees From Firing
Bones Are Those of Piutes
and Shbshones Who Died
Fighting Many Years Ago
Local Committees
. Prepare a r Fine
Programme.
Parade Promises
to Prove Big
Success.
UNEAETH SKELETONS
FIDO THE ONLY VICTIM
Stableman Shoots Up the
Town Because Peddler's
Necktie Is Inartistic
GoTernment Employes Make
a Grim Discovery While
Testing Soil in Nevada
Palo Alto Ready
to Greet Her
Visitors.
Fresno Arranges
for a Grand
Display.
REVIVES HABIT
OF WOOLLY WEST
FIND EVIDENCE
OF A BATTLE
INTERIOR TOWNS OF STATE
TO CELEBRATE THE FOURTH
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 190*.
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Especial attention is invited to
the I
DOMESTIC HELP.
and
SITUATION WANTED
advertisements.
. Readers will also profit by care-
fully scrutini2ing the -
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES •
advertisements in THE CALI1 •
. See pages 38 to 42.
| Closed A/lonrforj— \ !
I SeeThefinipQnwn\
I fldvertjsementin I
| Tuesday 'Papers j
|p W-^m ¦¦¦¦ . ¦ \
The breath ot life that in-
duces refreshing sleep can be
had in the cool outside • rooms
advertised to-day. - ¦'.
- Read the ROOMS TO IiETT
columns— then investigate. - -v>.
THE EMPOBIUX
. . /V. \ " ADVEBTISESna*T&.- ; .
¦ - - ¦ ' ¦ "._ ¦ _¦ ¦ "
BEAUTIFUL PARLOR GOODS.
: Let us furnish up your parlor with the latest up-to-date
; parlor. sets, rockers, odd chai rs, etc, that we have just received
from the East. We have the largest display rooms in the city,
. filled with specially selected stock, and the fact of our not
¦ having rent to pay enables u s to sell 20 per cent lower than
elsewhere. Call in and let us show you our goods and prove
our assertion.
The J. Noonan Furniture Go.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, *¦"""¦ s " th -
if.* THb TG^ U7^ TCT* TiL^ Tli^ TC^
I llpiS PA#P»W SKIN FOOD
FROM THE GREEN RIND OF THE PAW -PAW
THIS Is something new. Not a Common Massage Cream, but a highly nfltrltlotis Tood for tha
' Skin, which nourishes and restores the wasted tissues, fills out the hollow cheeka and neck,
as vk^II as develop tb«r shrunken' and Immature bust In a most remarkable manner. Never
before has anything been discovered to equal . it. Ladles who use It are enthusiastic over
' its marvelous effects. A few application* make the skin soft, clear and velvety. It la tn«
• only preparation "that will remove all trace of wrinkles, no matter how deep the furrow.
i Bold by Department Stortm PRICK &1 Of) Mailed to any *dtoe««. pre-
! and iminists. TRlVUj tpieVFU paid on receipt of price.
T3OP7F? one of Tllden'e Soeelal 73c Complexion Brushes to . every ' lady sending H by
• i r'lvC.JC mall for a package of Paw-Paw Skin Food. This oCer applies to first order
only. .Write to-day; this offer may not appear again. / > .
. . O. It. nSJEEB ft CO, Suite 13, 30-36 X* B*U« St., Clica**. . J
TURE, VARICOCELE. SPECI-
FIC BLOOD POISON, NER-
VOUSNESS. CONTRACTED
DISORDERS, KIDNEY and
BLADDER TROUBLES and re-
flex complications and associate
diseases, quickly and permanently.
I Strictly Reliable J
More Than 17 Tears' Success
Consultation Free at OSce or
. by Mail.
I MAKE NO MISLEADING STATE-
MENTS or deceptive proposition* to th«
afflicted, neither do I promise to cure
them IN A FEW DAYS In order to serure
their pmtronxre, but I guarantee a COM-
PLETE. CAFE AND LASTING CURE In
the QUICKEST POSSIBLE TIME without
leaving Injuries after eSects In the ty-tem
and at the lowest cost poaalble for HON-
EfcT. KKII>LFUL . and SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT.
I HAVE CURED MORE MEN THAN
sry other physician on the coast. My
treatments are more rational, more - mod-
ern and more eCectlre than any ether
physician practicing In the West. My
treatment cive* vim, visor. vitality,
strength and ambition to weak and o>-
cpondent men. young or old. married or
pingie. regardless -of the caus« of their
trouble.
j TTX.H BEASOXAB&S. — X do I
not want any man to feel tnat he-
is unable to pay me, as I always
arranire my terms In payments to
rait their convenience, and doubt-
inr PATIENTS MAT TREAT XJV-
TIL CTJREP BEfOBE PATTJTO.
If you cannot call, write for question list
and FREE BOOK describing iny specialty.
Correspondence confidential.
C. K. HOLS MAN, M. D.
739 JOAJUTJCT ST. CTop Ploor).
Hoars — 9 to 8 dally; 9 to 12 Sundaye.DENVER. Colo.. July 2.—- The Agnes
Memorial Sanitarium, dedicated to the
treatment of pulmonary > tuberculosis.'
was opened to-day with fitting exer
cises. The sanitarium was built and
furnished by Lawrence C. Phipps of
this 'city, formerly . of Pittsburg, £ In
memory of his mother/ Mrs. ¦¦ Agnes
Phipps. i . • .
ing of the Agnes Memorial Sani
tarium at Denver. ; :
Fitting Exercises Mark the Open-
CONSUMPTIVES' HOSPITAL
NOW READY FOR PATIENTS
YUMA,'- Ariz.,. July 2. — A murder
occurred within two miles of this city
to-day. Eugene Tourtellotte emptied
the contents, of < a double-barreled
shotgun into the 'body of Pat Devlne
after breaking a rifle on his head.; The
trouble occurred during a " discussion
as to which was the better shot. Both
had been drinking. They are well
known all over the Territory. De
vine had considerable money on his
person and it is now missing.:-
Victim Is Known to Have Bad Consid
erable Money on His Person, but
, Is Is Now Missing.
ROW BETWEEN DRUNKEX
MEN ENDS IN A MURDER
Lieutenant Commander Carter Retired
WASHINGTON. July 1. — The Presi
dent yesterday signed an order plac
ing Lieutenant Commander Fidelo S.
Carter on the retired list. Lieutenant
Commander Carter when recently ex
amined for promotion was pronounced
physically, morally and professionally
disqualified. The moral disqualifica
tions were disproved.
TONOPAH, Nev., July 2.— Tonopah
ha» become the official name of But
ler, Nev. Some time since the Post
office Department at Washington was
petitioned to make the change, as the
town was known throughout the
country as Tonopah. Considerable
trouble was caused ,ln the handling of
mail through the town's having an
unknown official name and a well
known unofficial one.
Tonopah Becomes Official Name.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., July 2. — Wil
liam Carpenter, colored, was killed
and Walter . Jones of Company E,
Eleventh Infantry, was shot through
the abdomen in a fight in West Chey
enne early to-day. Ten or twelve
negroes were beating Charles C. Lands,
a soldier, and his cries attracted other
sbldiers to the scene. The shooting
followed. It is supposed* that Car
penter fired the shot which wounded
Jones and that the latter shot Car
penter. Many negroes and soldiers
,w-ere arrested. Jones is ' in a critical
condition.
Colored Men Attack Soldier in the
Streets of Cheyenne and Bloody
Battle Ensues.
NEGRO KILLED AND WHITE
MAN WOUNDED IN FIGHT
Large Sum Transferred From San
Francisco Due to Japanese Im
ports of Gold.
NEW TORK, July 2.— Telegraph
transfers from San Francisco to the
local Sub-Treasury. to-day aggregated
$2,l'S.O00. Mach, if not all, of this is
believed to represent Japanese imports
of gold to the Pacific Coast.
BUSINESSS OF SUB-TREASURY
INCREASED BY THE WAR
BILLINGS, Mont.; July 2.— Sergeant
of Police Robert J. Hanna was instant
ly killed by two hold-ups this morning
while he was attempting to capture
them. Sheriff George Hubbard waa
shot through the hand. The shootinj;
followed the hold-up of the Qwl saloon
and gambling resort at about 1 o'clock,
when about twelve men were compelled
to throw ud their hands. The robbers
contented themselves with taking all of
the cash in sight on the tables, amount-
Ing to about $2000. A gambler in the rear
of the saloon, hearing the command of
the robbers, slipped out through a rear
door and notified the police.
One of the robbers', accomplices was
captured, and posses are now in pur
suit of the two escaped robbers.
Thugs Hold Up Gambling Resort and
When Confronted by Officer
Fire Fatal Shot.
ROBBERS SHOOT AND KILL
BRAVE POLICE SERGEANT
NEW YORK, July 2;— Two women
r. r.d a man, occupants of an automobile
which crashed into a Brighton Beach
motor train at Ocean Parkway early
to-day, were badly hurt- The women
may die.
The injured: Edward Schoteel, Irene
Shayne and Laura O'Donnell. .•;
The train into which the machine
crashed was filled yith passengers
bound home from Coney Island. The
crowd became greatly excited and the
train was nearly emptied of its load in
a few minutes- The members of the
automobile party were thrown headling
to the hard surface of the bouleVard.
Both women sustained fractured skulls,
and at the hospital to which they were
hastily carried it was feared they would
rot recover. Schoteel, who was hand
ling the automobile, was not seriously
injured.
Machine Crashes Into Motor Train
and Occupants Are Hurled Head
long to Pavement.
TWO WOMEN BADLY HURT
IX AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT
Plerpont Morgan Lives hi Peace.
LONDON, July 2.— J.. Plerpont Mor
gan has been living here quietly in his
hoiise*at Princess Gate. He does not
flnd.it as difficult to-, preserve complete
privacy now as he did a. few years hack,
for his comings and goings are not even
mentioned in the newspapers, which
formerly followed his movements with
far more Interest • than those of any
royalty. It is reported that he has pur
chased at the record auction-room
figure of $60,500 Gainsborough's Duchess
of Gloster from the Duke of Cam
bridge's collection, but the picture so
far remains with the Agnews, the big
dealers.
The Herreros, whom the Germans ara
now fighting in Southwest Africa,
number 20.000 fighting men, of a class
far superior to most of the African na
tive races.
WOMAN MEETS HER DEATH
WHILE DRIVING WITH SON
Fatal Accident Terminates Carriage
Ride of Chicago Educator and
His Guests.
MADISON. WIs., July 2. — In a run
away on University drive Mrs. Josiah
Jackson of Pittsfleld, Mass, mother of
Professor D. C. Jackson, head of the
department of electrical engineries.
was killed. Professor Jackson had an
arm broken, as did also his wife, and
Mrs. Erastus Jlilo, widow of the for
mer president of Fiske University,
who was visiting them, was badly
hurt. Professor Jackson la subject to
heart trouble and faint-id "While driv
ing cousin? the team to run away.
The carriage struck a tree.
Some people are not only at home
when opportunity knocks, but they
are prepared to seize it and drag it in
side behind doors locked with a com
bination known only to themselves.
DEATH BENEATH THE WAVES
IS THE FATE OF A DrVER
Unfortunate Man Gives Alarm Signal,
but Dies Before Helpers Pull
Him to Surface.
CHESTER, Pa., July 2.— Captain O.
H. Metcalf of Philadelphia, who was
in charge of the divers engaged In
deepening the Delaware River chan
nel off Chester, was drowned in hia
diving suit yesterday. He went down
to the river bed because of trouble the
men were having with a drill. In a
few minutes he gave the alarm rig
nal and two minutes later was. pulled
on the deck dead. In some unac
countable manner the helr.i**t of his
diving apparatus had become dis
placed.
Mrs. Maybrick's figure in wax, which
has been for many years In Mme. Tus
saud's exhibition in London, has been
withdrawn. Whltaker Wright's has
taken its place.
General Stoessel Is a Swiss.
GENEVA, July 2.— General Stoessel,
who is defending Port Arthur, is a
Swiss by birth, and has received most
of his military education in Switzer
land.
His father and two brothers still live
at WuIfUngen, in the canton of Zurich.
General Stoessel passed through the
military school, and until 1888 was at
the head of the engineering department
at Wtnterhour.
HELENA, Mont., July 2.— The
Great Northern Railway Company- has
been notified by the United States
Government of its intention to pro
ceed as soon as Uie. necessary prelim
inaries shall have been arranged with
the construction of the Milk River
canal project and is, now
preparing to move its tracks, from
land that will be submerged by the
Government reservoirs. The Milk Riv
er project is the largest undertaken
by the Government/ It is estimated
that it will result in the reclamation
of 150,000 acres of arid land.
The project provides for the con
struction of a canal 100 miles in
length tapping St. Marys Lake and
the Milk River in the northern part of
Montana and the filling of reservoirs
from which circulating waters will be
drawn. It Is figured by engineers that
it will require two years of steady
flow to fill the reservoir planned by
the Government. The flow of water
will submerge about twenty miles of
the present right of way of the Great
Northern to a depth of about twenty
two feet. Congress at its recent ses
sion appropriated $5,500,000 to carry
on the work.
Notifies Railroad to Remove Tracks
From District Through" Which £1
Water Will Be Directed.
GOVERNMENT PREPARES
TO CONSTRUCT CANAL
If you are going to World's Fair get cheap
rate and go via Northern Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone Park. Ask about It. T, K. Utate
ler, General Agent, til" MarKet street, San
Francisco. •
Cheap Rates East.
The house had been under police
guard several weeks. Finally the-cap
tain moved his guard from view and
the proprietors were reassured. Taking
three trusted men, the captain rang the
basement doorbell and was answered
by a negro door man. He was seized
and throttled, while a gag was slipped
into his mouth and handcuffs slapped
over his wrists. Then, with keys taken
from the prisoner's pockets, the police
carefully opened three steel doors and
made their way to the upper floors. .
So quietly had the work been done
that the raiders stood in the darkened
hall several minutes and watched the
games In operation. Then the officers
stepped into the brilliantly lighted
rooms and placed every one there un
der arrest. The raid was the most suc
cessful here in some time.
Officers €ecure Entrance by Choking
and Gauging Doorkeci>cr, Mak
ing Use of His Keys.
NEW YORK, July 2.— After choking
the doorkeeper into submission and
taking his keys, a police captain and
three detectives have accomplished an
unusual raid on a gambling-house in
West Thirty-fourth street. Three at
tendants and four players w«re cap
tured.
GOTHA3I GAMBLING HOUSE
IS RAIDED BY THE POLICE
MANILA. July 2.^ — After extensive
discussion in public the internal-reve
nue* law for the Philippine 1 Islands,
which was prepared by Governor
Wright, has been passed by the Civil
Commission. It is estimated that this
law_will produce a yearly revenue of
$5,000,000 in gold, one-quarter- of
which will revert to the provinces and
municipalities where it is collected and
three-quarters of which will go to the
insular government.
C Under *thetlaw7f«3ces will be£Jevied
principally upon alcoholic productions,
beer, tobacco, cigars, cigarettes and
matches. There is to be an" "occupa
tion tax" and revenue will be derived
from licenses. The law repeals a great
number of / taxes now imposed upon
poor people by- the existing Spanish
law. The "tax upon liquors and
tobacco provided for under the law
is much lower than such taxes in the
United States.
It is believed the new law will fur
nish a basis to provide a substantial
and sufficient revenue for the Govern
ment should free trade between the
United States and the Philippines ulti
mately be established.
BUI Prepared by. Governor Wright
Meets With ,thc Approval of
Civil Commission*
INTERNAL REVENUE LAW
FOR ISLANDS IS PASSED
WILLIAMSPORT. Pa., July 2.—
Struck by the flying body of her
8-year-old son, who was instantly
killed to-day by an express train, Mrs.
Alva. Williamson escaped the fate of
her boy. Mrs. Williamson and her
son were on the way to visit Mrs. Wil
liamson's mother and were walking on
the track. They stepped from in front
of an approaching freight train and
did not see the swift running express.
The boy was ahead. His body, was
thrown back with great violence and
knocked his mother off the track.
Mrs. Williamson's mother saw the ac
cident from a window of her home.
Body of Boy Struck by Train Strikes
Parent and Knocks Her Out
¦ % of Danger.
MOTHER SAVED AT EXPENSE
OF LIFE OF HER CHILD
As a result of the State law, supple
mented by the court - order, nearly
2500 convicts in the penitentiaries at
Joliet and Chester and the reforma
tory at Pontiac are idle. The injunc
tion was procured by Attorney Levy
Mayer in behalf of several clients, one
of whom is a non-resident of Illinois.
This was done to give the Federal
court jurisdiction, and it is said that
persons who have held prison con
tracts are behind the action. The
trade unions Influenced the passage
of the law which has stopped contract
labor in the penal institutions of Illi
nois.
Dr. James G. Kiernan, who is famil
iar with the conduct of prisons and
asylums In America and Europe, to
day said:
. "The inevitable result the world
over of idleness in prison has been an
increase of outbreaks against disci
pline, an increase of insane cases and
increase in victims of tuberculosis."
. CHICAGO, July 2.— Prison reform
ers and alienists as well as peace offi
cers throughout- the country are
watching with interest for the results
following, an injunction prohibiting,
temporarily at least, all work in the
Illinois State prisons which is in di
rect competition with, free labor. The
State law preventing .prison contract
labor became effective yesterday, but
on top of that has been placed an in
junction issued by Judge Humphrey
of ihe Federal court at Springfield
which restrains the expenditure of
State funds to make operative the sys
tem by which convicts may work for
the State. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The striking feature of the official
statement of the New York Associated
Banks last week was its failure fully
to reflect the gain in cash, which was
estimated on the basis of the traceable
movements of money during the week,
the estimates Indicating an increase of
?7,57F,S08, while the gain as shown by
the bank returns was only $71,309. <3on-
Eidering the fact, however, that the
total cash made *> new high record, the
smaller, gain in this Item, compared
with the estimate, is not important.
The discrepancy of $7,514,600 ; between
the actual and the estimated gain
seemed to have been due to specially
large payments liy one of the banks.
Loans were, as was expected, increased.
and the expansion of $5,128,300 In this
item carries the total to within $3,837,
100 of the highest on record.
The increase last week was most like
ly due to loans of funds early in the
"««*k which had been deposited -pre
paratory to' the disbursement of July
Interest and dividends, and also to syn
diAte borrowings. The deposits were
increased by 59.674,700, or $743,400 great
er than the sum of the" expansion. In
Joans and the gain in cash, therefore
the statement was technically out of
proof. The required reserve was in
creased $2,418,673, deducting from which
the gain in cash left $2,347,375 as the
decrease in surplus reserve to $36,105,-
S00. Computed upon the basis of de
posits less those of $23,246,600 public
funds, the surplus was $41,916,550. Cir
culation was increased $238,500, making
a gain in this item of $3,205,900 efcice
May 14.
It may be noted that the public de
posits have been reduced $32,976,100
since the end of April, chiefly the result
of the surrenders of those funds which
*vere specially held on the Panama
canal account and of subsequent with
drawals in response to treasury calls.
The daily average of bank clearings
for the week was $205,000,000, against
$176,000,000 In the previous week. This
increase partly reflects operations In
connection with payments of half year
ly interest and dividend payments. The
clearings on Saturday, representing
Friday's business, were $298,015,S5~, or
considerably above the daily average.
Comparisons of loans show that seven
banks gained $6,300,000 net, eight hanks
decreased cash by $400,000 net and the
reduction In the case of at least one
bank was quite important.
NEW YORK. July 2.— Th« Financier
this week saye:. t-V '¦¦'•>! \ *
SALT LAKE CITY. July 2.—Dam
age by last night's cloudburst ln # Dry
Creek Canyon and the 'remarkable
electric storm accompanying proves
considerably heavier than at first re
ported. The" cloudburst apparently
occurred close to the top of the Wah
satch range, dividing City and Dry
Creek canyons, .and a wall of water
from six to ten feet deep tore for
miles down the latter canyon. Com
ing out on the open bench lands
northeast of the city, it rapidly less
ened in depth, but was still two feet
in depth when it struck North Brig
ham and First streets, two of the most
fashionable thoroughfares in the city.
For three blocks on those and inter
secting streets the roads are complete
ly torn up, the roadbed being washed
away clear to the rock; street car
tracks were covered with a foot of
mud and debris and hundreds of cel
lars filled with muddy water.
At Murray the branch power-house
was struck by lightning and burned,
the consequence being that all the big
smelters there were forced to close
down -for, several hours. "*
The 'shipbuilding company is or
dered by the decree to turn over the
total amount due on the two
mortgages within ten days, in default
of which the receiver is authorized to
advertise and proceed with the sale.
TRENTON, N# J., July 2. — Judge
banning signed a final decree In the
United States Circuit Court to-day or
dering a saleVof the United States
Shipbuilding in the fore
closure proceedings instituted by the
Mercantile -Trust Company and the
New York .Security, and Trust Com
pany on the ttvvo mortgages' held by
them for $10,000,000
respectively. Accompanying the decree
he filed an order dismissing the appeal
of Mrs. Ida E. Wood of 'New Tork,
who asked to be admitted as a party
defendant that she might attack the
validity of the mortgages with. a view
of entering a preference claim over the
rights of the other bondholders. She
holds $200,000 of bonds for which she
paid $195, 0.00. The total amount due
on the mortgage held by the Mercan
tile Trust Company as trustee for the
bondholders is $16,153,162. On that
of the New York Security and Trust
Company $10,706,943 is due.
In the decree Judge Lannlng also
fixes the minimum amount which the
receiver is authorized to accept for the
properties of the \underlying com
panies in the trust. These amounts
are as follows:
Three hundred thousand shares of
the Bethlehem Steel Company. $7,500,
000; Union Iron Works. California,
$1,400,000; Hyde Windlass Company,
Maine, $125,000; Bath Iron Works',
Limited, Maine, $300,000; Crescent
Shipyard Company, New Jersey, $125,
000; Samuel L. Moore & Sons Company,
New Jersey, $175,000; Eastern Ship
building Company, Connecticut, $125,
000; Harlan & Hollingsworth Com
pany, Delaware, $550,000; Canda
Manufacturing Company, $200,000;
patent rigrhts, srood will, book accounts
and contracts, $50,000; mortgaged
personal property of the Bath Iron
Works, $40,000; Crescent Shipyard
Company, $75,000; Samuel L. Moore
& Sons Company, $30,000; Eastern
Shipbuilding Company, $20,000; Har
lan & HolHngsworth Company, $135,
000. .
NEW YORK. July 2.— Henry Gard
ner, stockholder In the Marconi Wire
less Telegraph Company of America,
has begun a suit in the Supreme Court
against that corporation and its dJ
' rectors, in which he demands an ac
1 counting as to the affairs of the com
pany; an injunction restraining the
directors from making and disposing
of its assets, or from interfering in
any way with its management; the
appointment of a receiver - for the
company, and for such other relief as,
the court may deem he is entitled to.
The company was incorporated un
der the laws of New Jersey with a
capital of $6,650,000, and it is alleged
by the company that of this amount
$61,190,000 of stock has been issued
and is outstanding.
The plaintiff alleges that the de
fendants caused to be Issued on March
21 last a statement or balance sheet,
which set forth that on June 1. 1904,
the company was the owner of cer
tain rights, privileges and contracts
of the alleged value of $5,318,494,
which, together with oth«r Items,
made an equalization between the as
sets and liabilities. He alleges that
the patent rights and patents and con
tracts referred to in the flnanacial
statement were not worth on January
1 last anything like the sum of
$5,318,494, and that the capital stock
or cash given in payment of those
rights, patents and contracts was man
ipulated by E. Rollins Morse, one of
the defendants, who "Gardner says he
believes had been the chief promoter
and financial engineer of the company.
Gardner asserts that the directors
of the corporation have mismanaged
its affairs and wasted its assets. He
asks that they be removed from of
flce and replaced by other directors.
The accounting is especially asked
for as to the sale of all stock.
Says Affairs of Concern
Have Been Mismanaged by
the Board of Directors
Judge Names Minimum Sum
Receiver Shall Accept; for
Interest of Corporations
Hundreds of Cellars Filled
With Water and Streetcar
Traffic Prevented by Mud
Growth of Business Is Due
in Part to Withdrawal of
Funds for Panama Canal
Criminals Cannot Even Be
Employed at Tasks for
Benefit of the State
ROADBEDS WASHED. OUT
RESERVE FUNDS EXPAND
ASKS FOR A RECEIVER
ALL TOIL PROHIBITED
PRICE OF SHARES FIXED
Gain Estimated by Bankers
Falls Far Below the Eeal
Increase in Cash Returns
Reports Following* Cloud
burst in Utah Greatly Un
derestimate Damage Done
Stockli older of the Marconi
Wireless" Telegraph Com
pany Sues for Accounting
Final Decree Ordering Sale
of United States Ship
building Company Signed
111 j unction Adds to Effective
ness Illinois Act Pre-:
venting Work-in Prison
MONEY MARKET
DISPLAYS LIFE
STORM'S PATH
SCENE OF RUIN
WANTS COURT
TO INTERFERE
LAW RENDERS
CONVICTS IDLE
ENDS THE DAYS
OF BIG TRUST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ' JULY 3, 1001
26
... ADVERTISEMENTS.
ts Barley — selected by a partner in our concern — from the best iM
if barley that grows. And we malt it ourselves. if
if Hops — brought in large part from Bohemia — selected by our 11
I buyers from the finest hops in the world. ||
I Water from six artesian wells bored 1400 feet to rock. I
I ; Just a food and a tonic— brewed with the extreme of cleanliness
¦ —cooled in filtered air— sterilized after it is sealed. WB
¦ Schlitz beer is pure, because our * process is cleanly, and j
|| because the beer is filtered, then Pasteurized.
B It does not ferment oil the stomach, because it is aged — aged fl
ill for months in refrigerating rooms before it is marketed. I
b m . • ... o o ' 1 §
ePlk — * s a h^^h drink without germs in it. It gives you beer with-, J|
M^^, .¦: out biliousness. Ask for the brewery fj
The Beer That Made Milwaiike^&inMsI
:r r£- ADVEBTISEHEirrSw
¦———-—— ——_____ _____________
Free X=Ray Examination § Treatment
&&* A All persons call-
I\\ frfr^sa ffig«qr^|f p. I will be given a free
o/if^^^^^f^fe V a)/^ I L^ X " Ra y examination
.** *' f /fi* ft'*-^^^& c^^5^<vX^/ W S'^\ and diagnosis. A
V-^fel \ U^Sr tJ?» \ ) truthful and sincere
fj|W^l\ I ri/l V' °P inion will^ibc
S '^v^Y 1 JT WL' r-fifir \ given in all cases.
'Vt;/\ \ A //* Curable diseases
T l\ v< \ V rt^/VC / wiI1 b e giv%n a free
Kl I >v . \ \ .^N«J J>OC ( treatment. No in-
I — — / -<V^t *-^^% ' curable cases wifl
yHr^J ' ™- be undertaken. Call
-^^j at once. Absolutely
"s . V , '\ no charge.
r Jcctro-Chemifttrr cures painlessly and without operation Constuaution Can-
cer. Catarrh. Deaf nest. Rheum a tl sm. ristral*. Paralysis, Keeomotor AtudaT' Asth-
ma aad Broaclvlal Troubles, Files. K«rvon« Diseases. . Skin sad Blood Disease*
end the Special Diseases ct Men and Women. *«»oa Diseases
WSZTS rOK BOMS TXEATXCSITX Z7 TOUT Z.XVE AT A DISTANCE
THE ELECtRO^CHEMIC INSTITUTE, m^gi
ADVIIBTISEMElfTS^^^ __________
... u..u_inML ||rT J H--I i.i y*j •itAV'Ji.WUVflffl T'-H J ""m.m a -a T ""»^^— —I
C. Children need cereal food. It makes
bone and muscle.
But they need a cereal food that con-1
tains brain-building material as well, fj/
€L "FORCE" is made for people who
are smart enough to want the best —
who know that we are only what our
food makes us, and who want their
children to grow up as happy as
" FORCE ** comprises ail the food essentials : the tissue builders. '¦
the bone makers, the brain stimulants, the energy producers, tha
blood makers— in Just the richt proportion.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A\ TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
tfv HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
JU / TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED. AND A THOU-
<p^ SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
f~ *® PAGES 38 to 42, INCLUSIVE. TO-DAY'S CALL.Cattle TlileX Sent to Penitentiary.
REDDING, July 2. — Frank Lamb
was found guilty of the theft of two
head of cattle and was sentenced by
Judge C- J-t . Head to-day to serve
seven years* imprisonment at San
Quentin. , - . . ., .
C»txarryman Is Accidentally Killed.
LOS AXGELES. July 2. — While en
gaged in blasting: out rock in the quar
ries at Chatsworth Park for the Gov
ernment harbor at San Pedro Friday
Florentine Marin was killed and ter
ribly mutilated. Marin was stooping
over, inspecting a drill hole," when a
hu^e bowlder became dislodged from
the face of the mountain and fell on
hit back, cuttinsr him in two.
REDDING, July 2. — The report of
Assessor R. E. Collins shows an in
crease of S1.132.24S on the valuations
of property this year over that of last
It is the greatest grain ever made In
one yearj in the history of Shasta
County and was brought about prin
cipally by Assessor Collins raising the
valuation ot railroad property by
nearly naif a million dollars and the
land holdings of Thomas B. Walker a
quarter of a million dollars.
SIL4.STA COUATY ASSESSOR
RAISES PROPERTY VALUES
Assessment Boll Shows the Greatest
Increase Ever Made In
One Year.
STOCKTON, July 2. — James Gillis,
a pioneer farmer and steamboat man
and president of the Union Transpor
tation Company, wa* kicked in the
head by a vicious horse early this
morning at his ranch three and a half
miles east of Stockton, sustaining in
juries from which he died about fif
teen minutes later.
Gillis, who was 77 years of age,
came to California in 1851 and to this
county in 1864. Previous to remov
ing here he rained successfully about
Columbia and carried on a merchan
dise business at Sonora, amassing
quite a fortune. During the early
part of his residence in this county
he was elected president of the Cal
ifornia Navigation and Improvement
Company, but later started a compet
ing line of steamers known as the
Union Transportation Company. He
leaves a trife, four daushters and a
ton.
James GUIis, a Pioneer, Meets With
Violent Death on Ills Ranch
Near Stockton.
VICIOUS HORSE KICKS
AND KILLS A FARMER
BANKRUPT ENGINEER.— Allan G.
Eddy, a locomotive engineer of this
city, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $444 and he
has no assets.
WOODLAND, July 2. — The Jury in
the Woods murder case returned a
verdict of manslaughter at noon to
day. The jury wAs out forty-eight
hours. The verdict was a compro
mise, two or thnee jurors having first
held out for acquittal. Woods /on
February 20 shot Verne Rogers in the
hills of Capay Valley.
Woods Guilty of Manslaughter.
SEATTLE. July 2. — Mail advices
from Nome tell of the flndijig of the
body of an old man on May 25 hidden
among the •willows on the Oviakaket
River. The skull was badly crushed.
The body was dressed in underclothes
and wrapped In blankets. It is be
lieved to be that of W. S. Evans, who
came to Valdes on the steamer with
two young: man who were without
funds. Evans was defraying all the
expenses and it is supposed from the
evidence that he was murdered for his
money. Evans is said to have a son
living in Los Angeles.
Police Believe That He Was Killed for
His Money by Two Strangers,
Who Are Mis-sin-.
BODY OF MURDERED MAN
IS FOUND OX RIVER BANK
Miss Morrison is the cellmate of
Mrs. Lizzie Morrison, charged with the
murder of James Finnegan last week.
The girl hobo says her mother killed
her father the same way as Mrs. Mor
rison is said to have killed Finnegan.
Miss Mdrrison said she had been
tramping around the country since she
was 12 years old, her jaunt taking her
to Alaska, California and .through all
the Northwestern States.' She say she
is 17 years old.
"I don't see what they want to put
me in Jail again for. I stole the gun all
right from Mrs. .de Raguish, because I
proposed to hold somebody up If me
and my pal, Ed Grant, got hard pressed.
Grant wants to settle down and he dis
likes to see me carry a gun. Say," she
continued, "I had lots of fun with the
Billings officers, who nabbed us as we
got off the brakebeams. When I was
taken in I had a J5 gold piece and
kept it under my tongue all the time.
They searched me five times, but never
found it and didn't know I was a girl
till one of the gang in Jail noticed my
finger nails and peached on me."
BUTTE, July 2. — -Jessie Morrison, a
hobo girl, was lodged in Jail to-day by
Sheriff Quinn on a charge of robbing
Mrs. Lucy de Raguish. who befriended
Miss Morrison at the time she was first
arrested in this city in company with
Ed Grant, a former convict from Ore
gon. Miss Morrison, attired In a pair
of overalls, which she stubbornly re
fused to exchange for skirts, when
arrested, said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"In the work of bringing desirable
people here and in building up a sub
stantial population in the interior we
are but paving the way to take ad
ditional advantage of the natural op
portunities that are ours and to avail
ourselves of the vast possibilities that
await us."
"In bringing the opportunities of the
Pacific Coast prominently before the
w<jrld and creating a Western immi
gration it must certeinly be obvious
that better results can be reached if all
the Pacific Coast States will work in
unison. To that end we are now tend
ing. There is no doubt that Portland,
Seattle. San Francisco, Los Angeles
and all the cities on this coast will be
more prosperous individually if the
general welfare of £he entire coast is
< <T?idered in our promotion efforts.
¦ There is a particular satisfaction in
tarrying on this development work, be
cause the resources, the climate and
ether natural advantages of this won
derful domain bear out all that is
claimed. There is not in the world a
section to compare with the lands that
slope to the Pacific Ocean, and when
the interior is filled with an industri
ous population our cities will rank
highest among the cities of the
world.
Mr. Jennings, after explaining the
work of the California Promotion Com
mittee and detailing the good accom
plished, said:
"I assure you, sir, the people of Ore
gon .ajJd of the entire Northwest stand
ready to Join with California In such
laudable efforts for our mutual bene
fit and welcome you among us as an
emissary of that gTeat State whose
heart and mind are filled with the same
laudable ambitions."
Mayor George II. Williams delivered
Portland's welcome.
"When the Panama canal is com
pleted will come the test of the
strength of the Atlantic Coast. With
low frKrht rates large cargoes will be
Ehipped through the Panama canal to
the Orient In sharp competition with
the Pacific Coast," said Wilcox. "When
that time comes, California, Oregon,
Washington, Idaho— in fact, the entire
Pacific Coast — must stand as a unit.
And how can we better prepare for
Each eventualities than by Joining
forces to-day in the peaceful pursuits
ef advertising the matchless resources
cf our country and cementing friendly
relations between us?
Theodore B. Wilcox. the flouring mill
magnate, delivered the address of wel
come for the State, in the absence of
Governor Chamberlain.
PORTLAND, Ore., July 2.— The com
mercial ties between tne Pacific Coast
States are stronger than ever before.
At a meeting of the Commercial Club
this evening there was an exchange
of pledges of a hand In hand policy
and in future California and Oregon
will act in harmony in me matter of
promoting coast interests. Local Jeal
ousy will be eliminated.
Rufus P. Jennings, executive officer
of the California Promotion Commit
tee, was the principal speaker of the
evening and advocated a new and more
united policy of advertising the Pa
cific Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Female "Hobo" Says She
Took Weapon to Enable
Her to Help Companion
Business Development the
Topic of Discussion at
Commercial Club Meeting
ADMITS STEALING GUN
EXCHANGE OF PLEDGES
California and Oregon to
AYork Hand in Hand and
Advertise Our Resources
Butte Officers Arrest Mss
Morrison on a Charge of
Robbing Her Benefactress
GIRL TRAMP
IN JAIL AGAIN
UNITE FORCES
TO BOOM COAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I * CCliBRATEQ
ffcjv STOMACH wc*
Isn't it reasonable to suppose that
when the Bitters has cured thousands
of cases of "weak stomach" in the
past that jt will cure you, too? It is
worth trying, anyhow.
It always cures Indigestion, Consti-
pation, Poor Appetite, Dyspepsia,
Flatulency and Biliousness. .
ft MERCHANT TAILORS.
1|: 622 Market Street.
\\ Up Stairs. Opp. Palace Ho te 1
|; SAN FRANCISCO.
« Novelties in Imported Wear. <
q visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
A Cfe 1SQ XUZZ7 8T. bit. 6:1 «7ti, SJ.Ci!. A
\ c5 The L»rr<ut AnttoaictI Muieum In tfce \
A — f^WiL. W«r>4. Wetiw.ti «r Mjr cmur*et><1 A
T SS'@#J <!»«•» M>'"'«'r«re<hT the »l<ieft Y
O iffiSl !>?•*«*«« •• th« Coir. EiL3«x«tt. Q
A QW&l OR* JBRDAH-DISEASES OF HFM A
\ i $*)S« Coot«!t»rt« fret aad ttrictW pmitc \
0 I S«D TruOBMU p«rt»B»l!y At bjr l«lt«r. A A
\ 8 1 ' M W • fuU "' °" n !n « Tef T catt undorttkf ». T
At Re Writtf« B«.k. raii.«Minjv.f/)
VI »v BinniA«r., mailed fxbc (at
,\ (X li- TBinaUc k*«k f»r m»r) \
V OWL. JitSDAN A c:o.. 1081 Markat St. . S. P. Y
Q-CV^g^^'^^s.'^sV'^'^'^^O^^^^.O
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GT7ASAKTEXD CTEE FOB MIR.
EAEMLESS IW JXCTIOW. Cures ordinary
cases in a lew days. Warranted to cur«
worst cases, aro OTHEK XBEATMENT
REQT7TKED. Prevents anfl Cures Stric-
tures. PREVEWT3 OOKTAaXOir. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
X. B. CLLT8 ?»A»HACT. 102 Eddy.
D "D TT CIJ 17 C rOR BARBERS.' BA-
brewers, bookbinders, c&ndy makers, canaers.
eyers, floor mills, foundries, laundries, pap*r-
hinsers, printers. pal?Hprs. sho* factories,
ttablcmcn. tar-roof ers. tanner*, tailors, etc
BTTCBLAJTAH BEOS., .
Stub Manufacturers, ~os Bacramoato St.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN R'Y
P.* FlfTPBKSQTIB BOOTS 0T fAIIfOBH'A
ROUiND TRIP TICKETS
FOR THE
FOURTH OF" JULY 7
Will be sold from SAN FRANCISCO to tha
* Points Named
AT OBZATLT SEDUCED BATE3, as
Follows:
FRIDAY SAT'SDTf SXX2TDAT SZO2TDAT
JT/I/T 1. JTTX.Y 3. JTTIiT 3. JULY 4.
Round Trip. Round Trip.
Brickyard I .73 Healdsburg $3.4(>
Millers 75Lyttan 3.«0
St. Vincent 75'Oyserville S.M
Ignacto IktlPreston 3.OO
Novato 1.0ft Fountain ......... S.0O
Burdell 1.20Hopland 8l0O
Petaluma l.SOi Ukiah S.0O
Penn Grove l.SOICalpella 5.5O
Cotatl 1.50'Redwood Valley... 3.80
Santa Rosa 2.C0ILaughlln 6.00
Sebastopol 2.40:PJdgewood A- CO
Fulton 2.50;XVIUlts «.0O
Windsor 2. 95 1 Sherwood S.00
KEtuaN LIMIT. TXTESDAT. JULY 5,
19O4.
FOR THE SUMMER SEASON — Special Rat's
Round Trip. Rotlnd Trip.
Cloverdale $5.00 Sonoma. $1.50
Preston 9.20 Verano .......... 1.6O
Echo 5. 50 Boyes 1.85
Cummiskey fi.TO Agua Calient* ... 1.65
Pieta 0.20 Watriss 1-65
Fountain 8.20 Madrons 1.85
Hopland 8.60, Eland** 1.75
Largo 7.00Glen Ellen 1-30
El Robles 7.S0Meacham 2.80
LTclah 9.C0 Olivet 2.50
Calpella 8.50|Tr«nton 2.50
Redwood Valley... 8.80 PorestvM* 2.50
LaughUn :... 9.00 Mirabel Park .... 2.50
RIdgewood 10.00 Green Valley .... 2.30
W1111U 10. W Hilton .2.30
Sherwood 12-00*Korbel 150
Schellvtlle • LSSjauernevills 2.30
Vineyard 1.35. Camp Vacation .. 2.30
Bnena Vista 1.45)
JtETT/R2T TiTMT*!*, SXy'irii^Vi oEJb 30, 1904.
TAKE BOAT AT TZBT7SOS RUT.
Ticket Office, 630 Market st. (Chronic] *
building) and TIburon Ferry, foot of Market
st. General Office. Mutual Life Building. Saa-
sorae and California sts.. San Francisco.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stage* connect with
trains at Honland. LeaT9 Uopland at 13:30;
arrive at Lakeoort at 3:30: arrtvo at BartlMt
Springs at 7:30. New 6-hors» 14-pass«nger
tourist wagons, with all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport er Bart-
lut Springs,' call for ticketa by Bartlett Spr&tfs
Stage Line. Tickets can bs purchased at offlc*
of California N. W. Ry.. 650 Market at, or
at TIburon ferry.
at MILLER * HOWARD. Ptopa.
WJB-ITJB STTXJPKTTR SPRINGS, VaUaJo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to Baa Francisco;
round trip $1. no stago'fare: only 2% houn*
ride; - 5 miles from VaUeJo: hot. cold aad
plunge sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuraljrta. ecsema. kidney liver and
stomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak*
for boating and bathing. Dancing pavUloa.
New bowling alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
Hotel del Cazadero— Giant Redwood
Grove; free Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing,
boating, dancing. Hvery stable; flrat-clasa
board. Sausalito ferry: round trip. $3 73, good
six months. Rates. $2 day, $10 to $14 week;
reduced rates by the month. Villa Iot3 for sale.
J. J. TH1RION. Prop.. Casadero. Sonoma Co..
Cal.. cr North Shore Railroad. 826 Market st.
OW2T in mountains CAMP
STOOGES HOMEof Sonoma Co. MEEKES
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling $10
up; cottages built by Mfeker. $30 up; depot:
stores: restaurant: hotel: post and express:
telephone; sawmill: 000 lots sold: 300 cottag«s
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C "
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
WHO WA37TS
A RESTFUL STAY IN THS MOUNTAIN'S?
Invigorating sea breeze, horse cooking, fruits
and berries, peaches and cream, deep greea
woods. Rooms or tents, $7 per week. Far*
from city. $2 10. M. STAFFORD. Udell.
Napa County.
CAXXFOBSffXA XSOVOOB FASZ (Bis
Basin)— Union Mill Camp and Tavern; 8 mile,
ficm Boulder Creek R. R. station. Dally stage.
Family table. Furnished cabins; camping
grounds; $3 and $10 per week. Under tha giant
redwoods; perfect climate: grand scenery.
"SEPP" GRAHAMZR. Boulder Creek, CaL
OCCIDENTAL H0TEI.. HATWASSS.
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD, Prop.;
phone Black 14L
6SAN9 CEHTKAL 3OTZL, Guerne-
¦vtlle Cal.— New management: thoroughly r»-
fltted and improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Rates $S and $10 a weelE. Ad-
dress F. PLATH. Guernevllle. CaL
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located ta
redwoods 5 miles from Santa. Cms. Spring
water, trait, milk, excellent table: daily mail;
fre» conveyance: $7 week; phono Suburban 87.
MRS. W. CRANPELL. Santa Cru*. CaL
SCIAEPEX'S OBOVE- K05S VALI.ST.
Private boarding; terms reasonabla. Tsaai
meets Sunday morning trains. Address 31 R£.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
XXVSSSXSE SOTXL aad COTTAOES
— N«ar beach; 30 acres beautiful grounds; ap»*
eia! rates to families: write for booklet. S*.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa Crux.
BELLEVTJS HOTEL, 13 Verano, So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. $1 day and up; bet
mineral springs near by. Lons distanc* t«l»-
phone; daily mall. JOHN SERRES. Propri«tor.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Cruz Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
camping. A. J. GIBBS. Mgr.. Gibbs. CaL
WEEfiTCALL
16 Pages. 61 per Year
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPSH EVEHY DAT ET THS TSAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I was attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor ataxia. Power to
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost.
Two best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
SprlnirF. Ark.. falU-d to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach head and bladder as a re-
sult of the dlseaae: these troubles became
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
drum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad.
my nerves wrecked. Three months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since wh
a pleasant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths — after thrte weeks' treatment
etoroach. bowels, bladder and kidneys In per-
fect condition, eyesight perfect, nervousness
gone, memory good. After three months' treat- |
ment. walked without a cane, with eyes closed I
and up and down steep hills; am cured of this I
dread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Hav* run stores In seventeen towns of the
State of CaliXornla; am well known In down-
town districts of San Francisco; Inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
months ago. Further information, addraas
LOUIS JACOBS « Stockton St.. San Francisco.
Cal.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 60c In stamps for bottls of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip ticketa
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific.
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRIN6S CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal>
WHY NOT SPEND YOUR
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
JDTZ,. C. C O l T003SrN'E3T_,T_,'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure, re-
scrt on the coast.- The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 48
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
A- N. P. If. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. Meals
served at Hotel Riverside, at reasonable rates.
Inquire of DR. C. C. CDONNELL. office
1021 u Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San
Francisco.
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management] no staging; depot on
grounds: phone; fare $2 40; TIburon ferry:
rates (10 to $15 week: table first class; our
own dairy: hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards: croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lyttoa Springs. Sonoma County, CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hospital; best equipped on Coast: mod-
ern Improvements; large treatment rooms;
Ideal location; i\i acres: one block from street
cars: writ* for literature. San Jose, Cal.
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truekee with train leaving S. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Trnckea
with train reaching S. F. at 7:S0 a. m.
THE TALLAC,""^ 01 '
Cafe European. Nurses, maids and children,
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel oa lake.. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
- • M. LAWRENCB A CO.
BROC KLVU/W
Lake Tahoe.
OPENS TUMI 1st.
Write FRANK B. ALVERSON. Mgr-
Brockway. CaX
BVBXCOJr FASK-A delightful resort
on shores of Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake. Fine fly fishing and
hunting in s«ason. Beats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $2 a day or
from 910 to (16 per week. P. O. and telephone
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoa, Cal.
LAKE SKOKS HOUSE — Glenbroofc.
Nev. Cottage* to rent SS on. lst-class board, milk
and ersam. fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
nFFP PI BY TVN and cottages: 6 miles from
UEEK I Ann, 1ml Lake Tahoe; open June 1;
elevation 6507 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office. 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
' WHXT2TEY HOUSE,
Truekee. CaL The leading hotel. Headquar-
ters for tourists and commercial men. Summer
and winter resort. Meal atatlon for pasa±a-
' gera. Stage for Lakes Independence and Web-
ber. CamDbell Hot Springs and Slerravllte.
STEWART MeKAT, proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing: boats; excellent table; climate per-
tict; 14 miles from Truekee. In an unbroken
forest. For Information inquire at Traveler
1 office. 30 Montgomery St.. Peck's Information
; .Bureau, or Mrs. H. M. demons, Truekee, Cal.
! CAMFBEU -HOT 8PS11TG3.
' In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra County,
1 5000 feet elevation. . Are beautifully located
' at the head o( the great E terra. Valley. 3(
' miies long by 5 miles wide, surrounding whlcr.
la the great primeval forest of pine and fir. A
' specialty Is made of the tabl*. The hot sprtagi
are unMjualed tor the cure of rheumatism,
gout." liver and kidney complaints and all blooC
1 and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
• $11 to SX2 per week. Round trip from Sac
Francisco to springs via Boca, $14 60. Stagi
. d«lly rsctpt Sunday, connecting with 8 p. m.
Uain from Sam Francisco, i
Highlapd
Springs
Sac More BlBtiacthre Points That Ap-
peal to Those Golnar to the Country
Than Any Other Besort.
! THE VARIETY AND EXCELLENCE
OP THE BATHS AND MINERAL
WATERS: the many amusements—
dancing,' swimming, tennis, bowling, cro-
quet, shuffleboard, etc.; a fine three-piece
orchestra; the shady grounds; electric
lights; good table; plastered rooms;
dairy; livery stable, otc, prove this. '
$10.00 up.
For booklet and rates address
H. R. DUFFIN, 638 Market St.,
or 'CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., CaL -
I Spend Your Vacation
for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur j
CncStirfc San Luis Oblspo. i
o prints cai. ;
• The most Ideal resort for pleasure and '
health on the Faciflc Coast. Buy round <
trip ticket from I San Francisco to San <
Luis Hot . Sulphur Springs. Son Luis '
Oblspo. Cal.. and return. Including' stage '
to and from springs and one week's '
board for . 9SO.OO to $22.00, according
to location of rooms, or board and acconv '
tnoOaticns ?9.OO to 912.OU per week. !
Scenic surroundings, j free bathing, {
boating and fishing on grounds. Fin* '
rhady walks, tennis and croquet ground*. '
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea '
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Oas |
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Oblspo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
'
IPAMISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, Cal.
The mest popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
and Improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths, large
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
for booklet and particulars to F. w.
SCHP.OEDER. Manager, or PECK'S IN*
FORMATION BUREAU, 11 Montgomery sfT
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IIC THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND — Santa Cru» County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Opened May 15 under entirely new man*
agemenl Round trip trlckets from San Fran-
cl&co"|3 - For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St., 8. F.. or to WILLIAM O.
DODGE. Lesuee.
Harbin Springs
Most desirable In Lake Co.: contains sulphur.
Iron, magnesia and arsenic; wonderful cures of
rheumatism, catarrh, kidney, liver and stomach
troubles: new gymnasium, bowling alley, hand-
ball court and billiard-room. Acetylene gas
plant. Hvery, home dairy, fine vegetable garden.
Rcund trip ticketa. S. P. office. 17. J. A.
HAY8. Proprietor.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Situated on Clear Lake. Hunting, flahlig,
boating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda geyser In bathhouee, clab-
house, etc. increased accommodations, rnodera
conveniences. Scenery unsurpassed Table a
specialty. Rates per week. $10 to $13. Photos
and Information at Chatfleld & Vlnzent's. 22S
Montgomery St.. or LEE D. CRAIO. Manager. I
Soda Bay. KclseyvilU P. O.. Lake Co.. CaL
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guerneville in a grove a mile and a half
lotiK. skirting the river: tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam in the river: 4 miles
of smooth water tor boating; and > bathing.
Adulta «2 per day, 110 per week; children
Under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS, Camp Vacation, "Vacation" P. O., So-
noma County, CaL , ,
KLAMATH SPRINGST
Beswlck, Slsklyou County, California. -
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs. Information at
Peek's Bureau,- 11 'Montgomery stT, or nt J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. O-. Lako Co.. CaL
_' .__'-: Menlo Park, one hour from
||A|TTlp city. Nino trains dally. Pef-
Hlll I I '\f*ct climate; beautiful place;
II VI I I w comfort and quiet: excellent
tabl*. ¦
Address W. JjHEItEDlTH, Mgr., Holtt'a School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME ,
Extensively improved; 1900 feet altitude; no
fog; climate delightful { large orchard: vegetable
garden; hot. cold baths: spring water: cement
swimming tank, 40x80. Rates *8 week up; stage
meets train. Schuler ft Scheben, Napa, Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, boat-
ing; $10 and S12 per Week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURO JR... Prop- Oakvllle, Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
BPISS|§| TENTS
flFg^^^gSn Awnlars, Hammocks,
iHn«»MlMrmwfttd W. A. FXiiTMZaxa.
Tel. Main M». Ill Clay at.
BO FOR CAKP MEIKER! KIW EHSLAKD BOVE! •
Located in a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowling and tennis, boating and bath-
Ing, pavilions- with pianos, fresh fruits in
plenty. Board and lodging, only *6 to $7 er
week. 'Address GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County. .' ¦ -\ .
LA HONDA AND PBSCADBRO
' Bay your railroad ticket to Redwood City; 9
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stares direct
Addre»s WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.
Cal. -,-
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to
cure all the Ills that humanity is
heir to. but thousands of people have
been benefited by the use of Bartlett
Water and many curqd.
If you would improve your health,
and have a grand good time, come to
Bartlett Springs, where there Is a
resident physician, a manager of
amusements and competent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 00 to
J6 00 per week.
Send for a booklet that will tell you
all about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett
Springs. Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter St..
San Francisco.
_JgilroyL
[hot springs]
For health and pleasure. Reno-
vated and improved. Water
unsurpassed for rheumatism,
kidney, liver and stomach trou-
ble. Trained masseur. Long
distance phone. Trains from
Third and Townsend at 9 a. m.,
regular stage ; 3 130 p. m., spe-
cial stage. Write for pam-
phlets. R. ROBERTSON.
The mineral waters
AETNA SPRINGS
equal any of the kind
found in Europe. They
relieve rheumatism, dia-
betes and dyspepsia. Just
send for booklet. Aetna
Springs Co., Napa Co.,
Calif.
HOT SPRINGS
V.'hy Is it so Immensely popular? Because
of its many wonderful facilities for health and
pleasure. Our Natural Steam and Plunge Baths
and stomach waters are a positive cure for
Rheumatism. Malaria, Bladder, LJver. Kidney
and all Stomach Troubles. Arsenic Beauty
Baths, Swimming. , Paid Orchestra. Da/iclng
every evening. Dairy. Children's Play Grounds.
Electric Lights; $10 to S12 per week. Baths
and amusements free. Booklets Peck's, 11
Montgomery »t-. 6. P. Co., 613 Market, or
H..H. McGOWAN, Seieler. Lake County.
%?itc reduced to S9 round trip.
Ol/H /*/^O II0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
OnMULjU COUNTY; only 4% hours
ww www ffom gan Franc , sco and
but 0 mile* staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
' hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mall, ex>
prtt-s and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND 8TAGB
6E.RVICE; both morning and aiternoon stages,
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
TIburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p.' m.
Rates $2 a nay or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Tourist In-
formation Bureau. It Montgomery St., or ot
J. F. MULGREW. Ekaggs. Cal.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to the
most picturesque portion of California. Beat -
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calls,
toga dally (Sundays execpted) at 11:30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Eelgrltr. Adams. Howard, An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Astorgs and Glen-
brook; half hour for lunch at CaMstoga; also to
Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyrllla and
Lakeport. Livery In connection.
. WM, SPIERS. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL,
r The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the b*st music ever played at any resort In
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, ¦ new livery. EDGAR
nUKNAN. owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with horns comforts.
The clace to ci>end your vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board' $2 50 a day upward, cheaper than
staying borne. Send for illustrated pamphlet-
Address GEO. H. CORDY, Manager.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Every one knows that Adams water cures
atemacb liver and kidney diseases. ~
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulara write to W.' R. PRA-
THER. ' - ¦
THE ANCHORAGE*
Beautifully ultuated among the redwoods, sum-
mit Santa Cruz Mountain?: private boanilng;
new rustic cottages tor. .housekeeping. For full
particulars address The Anchorage. Wrights,
Santa Clara County. Cal. •
- OOXTZTTST BOABO — Orchard, garden,
poultry, cows, comfortable home. ' Address
MANZAN A FARM. Redwood City. -"'
Grand ' r aaamaaaia fiand
Elcctricalg . T 3 Concerts
Display g NeW 1 Daily
3«jl5ulrjia. Finest aajulsuu>» :
P U n S c.Surf g ™ 2 firework,
•nd Tub • E . oatnmg V 3 Waler s?itt$
Baths C OnUlC SRoofOirdtnj <
Dancing Coast S| Summer
Boating and |° • «J -Theatrkals \
Pine Salmon o SOHIC- 3 V«udevilie <
F«hi"S g thmg I Specialties j
Lovely Drives £ J) 0 Jjjg 5 jt jt /
A'ong the Jo _ii *i- _, 3 Special Rate*
f ', ' j ' Jo Uli Hit eJ . _ _ ¦ - .
Coast and £ Ttm^ •' vU S * P *
Through «htg innc »| During tht
Redwoods "BTTjnnnfBTro'o' Entire Season
i . <¦¦ '
Agua Cal iente
Springs !
We have added many NEW attraction* to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the I
year round; the nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Franciscc. temperature 115 degrees; no <
Btaxinr: fare $1 10: sure cure (or rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Spring* ; tub and plunge <
baths and tb« Urgest mineral water swimming
tank In the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rate* $2 per day. $12 to (14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peek's. 11 Montgomery st..
cr address THEO. RICHARDS. Apia. Callente
Eprlngs. Scnoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests.
fi Situated In Vendome Park cf 12 ¦
S acres, a charming summer resort; ¦
a both city and country advanta.?<%«;
1 automobile garage on the grounds H
B fre« to gueots. Bathing pavilion,, H
¦ bowling alley, tennis, etc New B !
B auto road map of the c-.-unty 1 ¦
. 9 mailed on application. ¦" 1 '
,1 . ¦ J. T. BROOKS, Manager. 1
Santa Gatalina island
3% Hours From Loa Angeles. Season 190*.
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and th* finest ttsblng on the
cc&st.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds ot lurnUhed tenu at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metnnole,
Modern In all particulars.
For further Information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO.. 222 S.
Spring st., Los Angeles.
MARK WEST
¦•"KSF 1 * SPBIM6S
MRS. J. D. DROST 'and MRS. H.KOENER
will fnanaie the springs: many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gas all over place;
(2 day; 110 and 912 week. Office. 833 Larkln
Kt., cor. Geary, or Mark West Spriags. riant*
Rosa. Rural No. 6.
nif n nil Hot s & rtn r»: ©a Una Sonth-
JVl II rrn p »cUfc: 2% hours from
HI Kills *.*?, * rancl «c°. 3 trains
11 I 111 da "y; luxurious mineral
U I 1 1 U I 1 and ffluii baths; hotel
unique In cuisine service
aad ' appointments. Information at S. p. Co.
Bureau, 613 Market kt., Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.."*ar H. R. WARNER, Byron.
Hot Springs, CaJL «
j CAMP CURRV I
i Get circulars at all railroad office*. ' ,
? Advertised by 4000 guests. ¦ . '
| YOSEMITE
BLlIJE; I
Ideal summer resort;* hunttng. boating, fish-
ing. Music every evening. Send for pamphlet.
O. WEISMAM, MidUke P. O,. Lake Co.. C*l.,
or call on Dr. Happersbergtr, 1104 Market, 8. T.
DUNCAN SPRINGS
TWO MII.ES FBOK HOP3UABTD.
Fine medicinal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates f 10 to $12 per week.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
Santa Craz Moontalaa.
Now open. For booklet apply to Peck'a Bureau,
11 Montgomery, or S. P. Co., 613 Market. B.
DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. CaL '
VICHY SPRINGS-
. Three miles from Ukiah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
. Lovely grounds; fishing and hunting; crystal
- spring; accommodations and table first clas*. - '
.• ,- - ¦¦¦: J. A, REDEMEYER. Proprietor.
POINT ARENA : HOT SPRINGS.
Kxtcnslvely Improved: new hotel;' gas light,
large dinlng-rcom, telephone, hunting, fishing.
'. swimmine, bowlin;,- dancing,- all « axausements.
I'f rsonal manacsnient. Get booklet, 30 Mont-
goraery street. W. A. McCORNACK, Prop.
».S;a.8. TOCAi-OMA MiirUO*.
: Bertrand ' Hotel: first-class accommodations;
special rates for. families and parties; fiihlng.
¦' hunting, boatlncv. bathing: beautiful drives to
; Bear ValUy; telephone, JOSEPH F. BEB-
t TRAND, or Bulletin Office, • avery- Tb.ursd.sy, t
< to 4 'P.' m.^ .¦ •¦,.¦ ¦,'..-.'-.--. . .:;¦ ¦. - ; ¦ . ¦¦¦
¦ KOBTH SHOXZ3 HOTEJi— On Tomales
. Bay. Good table and accommodations. ¦ House
l gaa-llghted. Prices very reasonable!. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshalle. Marln County. Cal.
Take Salt Water Dips
Within Easy Reach oi New York City
I linJIl ij^^H^^K^U f^f A Mil
COOLEST ATLANTIC COAST RESORT
RECREATION BY DAY REST BY NIGHT
TTnlc;ue Natural Attractions Combined 'With Splendid Train Serries.
Books sent r LONG ISLAND (Illustrated description). 8 cento.
on receipt -{ UNIQUE LONG ISLAND (Photographic reproductions), 6 cents.
of postage. { SUj.HEd KOH.S (List of hotsls rad boarding houses), 4 cent;.
THE LOiNG ISLAND RAILROAD COjMPANY
KOWAXtS M. EMITS. 263 FIFTH AVENUE h. B. rXTI.I.EBTO2T.
G«n'l Passenger Art. New York C ty Spl. Agt. Pass'r Dept.Th« discovery of a means of obtain
ing photographs in the colors of nature
has been so often described as an ac
complished fact that one Is apt to be
chary of accepting any statement with
regard to an Invention of the kind. A
printing process In colors which has
novel points has been Invented by Herr
Szezapanlk, and was recently brought
und«r the notice of the London Camera
Club. The process utilizes a special
kind of prepared paper which is coated
first of all with collodion 01 gelatine
stained blue, next with one stained yel
low, and finally with a surface stained
red. These colors are of such a fugi
tive nature that when the paper is ex
posed to light they are destroyed. But
if during exposure the mper Is covered
with a colored original, say a stained
glass window, the colors In the original
preserve the colors burled in the paper,
and they are not obliterated. In other
words, a colored transparent picture is
exactly reproduce on' the naper placed
beneath It under the action of light.
Specimens which, were examined by
members of the Camera Club proved
the process to be a practical one. The
colors remaining: on the paper after ex
posure to light can be fixed by a mor
dant so as to become permanent. Un
fortunately the necessary exposure' to
light Is. a protracted operation; other-*
wlse;it would be pccs!ble, to expose the
paper in the camera and get' a colored
picture direct — that; is, a fac-simile of
the ber.-utlful Image seen in the focus-
Ing screen of the instrumcj \ The in
ventor Is said to beprpseciting experi
ments with a view. to make this possi
ble/ .'Should he,h° euccessf ul, the art
of •photography, would, at 01.ee undergo
a complete revolution
Photographing in Colors.
UNLESS something unforeseen interferes to mar the
game, the siege of Port Arthur promises to pro
vide a solution of one of the most interesting
military problems of the time. It has long been a sub
ject of speculation whether the improvements of weap
ons in the last twenty years has added most to the'
strength of the offensive or the defensive in war. Port
Arthur is reported to have been fortified regardless of
expense and according to the best methods 'of military
engineering. It is supposed to be thoroughly equipped
in every way, and thus represents the best that can be
done in the way of defensive, work. On the other hand
the attacking farce is possessed of every known weapon
of assault, and understands well how. to handle each and
all of them: It is now to be seen which of the two has
the advantage in the conflict.
The London Times in reviewing the formidable char
acter of the Russian fortifications recently said: "If the
Japanese decide to attack Port Arthur we shall witness
cither the apotheosis or the unrcgretted demise of the
first-class fortress. If we consider that the defense of
Port Arthur has been the labor of years; that strong,
semi-closed works, with gorges protected by masonry
walls loopholed for musketry, and ditches -flanked by
escarp and counterscarp galleries, have been constructed
on all the surrounding heights, and further, that some
400 siege guns, besides naval ordnance, are in position,
mounted on disappearing or overbank carriages, we are
entitled to conclude that if 38,000 Russians of the land
and sea forces cannot holdtout for many months in this
fastness, all the cost, and labor and art will have been
misapplied." - '- :
Relying upon the strength of the fortifications, many
n2Iitary experts believe; that, if the- Russians bravely de
fend it Port Arthur' can- be taken only after a siege long
enough to reduce the garrison to starvation. On the
other hand, many believe the fortifications can be car
ried by assault. One of them writing for the St. Janies
Gazette says:
"Despite the increased strength of the modern for
tress the attack has gained in power, to an even greater
extent. The enormously increased range and weight of
modern artillery will enable the Japanese ; to place a
hrge number of^eavy^batterics out; of sight on a long"
outer circle, behind a chain of fortified posts, and while
subjecting the defenses generally to an , accurate high
angle fire they will be able to concentrate a steady rain
of high-explosive shells upon the points selected for at
tack.; These, which can. be lobtiecf into defenses from a,
SIEGE OF PORT ARTHUR.
Employers in New York have issued., an ultimatum
that every clerk who even forgets himself ; so far as to
visit a racetrack much less to gamble will be punished
by immediate dismissal. This decision of the business
men of the metropolis should be accepted as the most
effective effort made in years to protect the morals of
the youth of the city and to conserve the honor of their
homes and families.
Croker as an Irish Squire.
Special Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, June IS.—Rich
ard Croker, 1 am told. Is seldom seen
at Wantage in these days. He nevdr
has found the somewhat frigid social
atmosphere of England much to his
liking and Is consequently devoting
most of his time to his Irish residence,
Parkiston Lodge on the Curragh of
Kildare, where his money ena*bles him
to play the role of squire with much
more success. The lodge is not a pre
tentious place, but is large enough to
provide accommodation for some two
6core gruests, and among those at pres
ent enjoying Mr. Croker's hospitality
ere several American friends.
Never have the simple Kildare folk
seen entertainments on so lavish a
6cale before. Motor cars are there In
abundance, brakes, broughams and
dogcarts crowd the country roads and
spirited hunters are provided from the
stables for guests who delight In a
dash across country. All this adds to
the prosperity of the neighborhood and
as the scanty earnings of the peasan
try are increased by many odd jobs
and generous tips they bless the day
¦when the ex-boss of Tammany came
among them and devoutly hope that
he may long dwell in tneir midst.
Croker was too long accustomed to
popularity in America to be indifferent
to it, from whatever source It comes,
and it is more than likely that their
wish will be gratified.
The situation of Parkiston Lodge
suits him admirably. It is sufficiently
rear to Dublin to admit of friends run
ning out for dinner and returning the
same night if they wish. The pictur
esque country round about appeals
strongly to men of sporting tastes, af
fording plenty of good shooting and
abundance of room /or cross-country
riding.
Shooting Crocodiles.
Ajer buaia bcrnang (teach a crocodile
to swim) is a favorite Malay retort;
but only those who have seen the wily
saurian whirl off a mud bank into deep
water, splashing his tail and leaving a
wake like a twenty-knot steamer, can
appreciate the sarcasm to its full ex
tent. Yet, strangely enough, very few
men will go out of their way to shoot
a crocodile, says H. H. Hipwell in the
London Field: and as the Malays them
selves seldom trouble to get rid of the
brutes, they flourish exceedingly all
along the west coast of the peninsula,
from Kedah In the north to Johore and
Singapore in the south. I
Steaming to the southward through
Malacca Straits in any small local
craft, one hugs the land sufficiently
close to discern the characteristics of
the Immediate shore. Mangrove
Ewamps and mud flats, sluggish rivers
rolling their yellow waters seaward
through many channeled deltas, make
a crocodilian paradise; and the long,
Ecaly reptiles have not failed to take
advantage of it. Seldom a week passes
without a report coming to hand of the
disappearance of some unfortunate or
other, who, paddling his tiny dugout up
stream, has been knocked from his
perch in the stern by a stroke of the
reptile's tail, and then has been car
ried resistlessly away to some under
•water larder, there to be kept till a
convenient season; for the crocodile
prefers his food high, and, contrary to
popular belief, rarely bolts a kill on
the spot.
Sometimes it happens that one or
more crocodiles will take up their quar
ters close to a Malay kampong— i, e.,
village; and then it behooves all the
mothers to keep a sharp eye on their
children, for the cunning beast has
been known to swim noiselessly for
some distance past the spot where the
children are playing by the water's
edge, then, going ashore, it executes
a flank movement, and coming down
cpon the unsuspecting little ones from
the long grass behind it seizes its vic
tim and plunges into the water ere the
other children fully realize what has
happened.
Several ways of catching the brute
when he becomes more than usually
dangerous to life and limb are em
ployed by the Malays 1 but, for reasons
•which will appear later, the destruction
of a crocodile Is only decided upon
when all attempts to drive him from
the neighborhood of the kampong have
failed. For elmple ingenuity it would
be hard to beat the plan usually pur
eued on the Kedah River, which de
bouches Into the Malacca Strait, about
fifteen miles northeast of Pulo PInang.
The modus operand! is as follows: A
email bamboo raft some two feet square
Is constructed, and on It Is erected
a flagpcst surmounted by a red flag,
while from the under Bide of the raft
or float runs twenty or thirty yards
of stout line, ending in a few feet of
chain. To this chain the barbed hook
of hard brass metal is attached by
three feet of untwisted fiber, In order
that the fine ligaments may get be
tween the crocodile's teeth and thus
prevent his snapping off the bait On
the shank of the hook a live fowl is
made fast, together with a short length
of bamboo to give it flotation, and then
raft, line and bait are dropped into the
river. Loudly squawks the unfortun
ate fowl for a few minutes, but its
Borrows are short-lived. A splash, a
twirl, the bait has. disappeared, and the
men return to their* homes, leaving a
boy to> mark the progress of the float-
The announcement is made that certain bankers who
aesire to support the Democratic' ticket will demand that
the platform indorse the gold standard. But what will
be the merit in such indorsement for such a purpose?
The gold standard was denounced in 1890 to catch votes.
If indorsed now to catch votes, what is to be thought of
the party that hunts votes in that way?
McKinley was called back from political exile and sat
at the head of the chiefs. Abiding by a permanent issue
had its reward. The people indorsed the v permanent
substance of things, and the party that stands by its
guns. In the politics of a free people principle and not
expediency is demanded by v the public safety. If free
silver were an essential to the national life in 1896/ it is
so now. If the gold standard were fatal to our progress
and prosperity then, it is so now. • If the Democracy
were sincere in those two campaigns, it is a coward now
to desert the principles it professed.
Its platform of this year will make a profuse spread of
professions. Will it mean what it says? Will it make
the same proclamation twenty years from now? Will it
stand hitched? •
IT is evident that the Democracy will shed its skin at
St. Louis. That is to say, it will cast off "the paramount
issues upon which it has stood for the last eight
years. Tillman, Carmack, Teller, Dubois and practic
ally all of the Senators ofcthat party. now speak of the
issues of the last two campaigns as "ancient history,"
and are in "favor of their repudiation. Yet they are the
issues upon which Teller and Dubois walked out of
the Republican convention of 1896 -and into the Demo
cratic party. Then, rree silver, destruction of the courts,
government by injunction, and denial of the right of
contract, were declared to be permanent, paramount and
vital to the very existence of the country. But now in
stead of free silver we have the gold standard; the
courts are supreme; the right of contract is judicially
protected, and property is defended by the writ of in
junction, which has been the mainstay of equity since
the days of Ellesmere, and the country instead of going
into a decline is better, stronger, more prosperous and
freer than ever.
j So events have proved the folly of the men who made
the issues of 1S96 and 1900, and called them paramount.
If those issues were right it is the first and highest duty
of the Democracy to reassert them and fight for them
as the Crusaders fought for the rescue of the Holy Sep
ulcher. Only in that way can a party command the con
fidence of the people in its sincerity. In 1890 the Re
publican party affirmed its faith in protection and con
creted it in the McKinley bill. Immediately it was swept
out of the House, McKinley himself «was beaten, and the
Democracy triumphed so overwhelmingly that when the
new Congress organized in December, 1891, the smallest
cloakroom was large enough for the Republican caucus.
This expulsion of the party from the House was fol
lowed in 1892 by the second election of Mr. Cleveland,
who carried Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, Connecticut,
and could have carried Ohio if his managers had known
the situation there. It looked like the effacement of
the Republican party. It lost both houses of Congress
and the Presidency, and went down in a universal dis
aster far greater than that which overtook the Democ
racy in, the last two campaigns. But did the leaders lose
heart? Did they proceed to repudiate the issue upon
which they were defeated? No, every one held his
ground. In every convention in every State the party
reaffirmed protection as a permanent principle and stood
by the flag that had been carried by Fremont and Lin
coln, by Grant and Garfield, and in 1896 this fidelity was
rewarded by an overwhelming return of popular con
fidence.
ing flag. Next day or the day after '
half a dozen men paddle down stream
until they sight the raft. Then, taking
the line ashore, they haul away, and
as by this time the hook is firmly
entangled in the crocodile's intestines,
hie shows but little fight, and is easily j
dispatched. - 1
Both In Kedah and in Province Wei- !
lesly it is possible to get a shot frpm
shore, and even in Penang Harbor an \
occasional crocodile has been seen on i
the muddy beach in front of the club.
These stray specimens 'must have
crossed from the mainland at least a
mile away, a fact which conclusively |
disproves the theory regarding the
crocodile's helplessness in sea water.
Moreover, .there is one huge brute |
which has been seen several times, both :
ashore and afloat, close to the fishing . :
village at Tanjong To-kang, a small i
promontory not three miles from Pen
ang town. He Is regarded as kramat — J
1. e.. holy, or the abode of a spirit — j
by the Malay and Chinese fishers j
thereabouts, who aver that he has !
never yet been known to touch a
human being; and they certainly
testify to the reality of their belief j
by boldly working their prawn nets on
the muddy shallows a hundred yards j
or more from shore. j
On one occasion I was lucky enough .
to get a glimpse of him as he scuttled ;
seaward, and the brief scrutiny thus ;
afforded did not evoKe a desire for
closer acquaintance. His scales were ;
of a dull brown hue, differing entirely
from the usual color, wnlch Is a dark j
olive green; the body seemed unusually
broad, and the tall stumpy and thick. ,
Needless to say, there was no gun j
handy, or I wouldn't have had the luck
to see him. ;
Crocodile shooting Is usually pooh- •
pohed on the ground that it affords
but indifferent sport, and to a certain .
extent this is true. But, nevertheless, i
It has a charm of its own and if proper j
care be exercised the sportsman will
usually be able tp get a fair chance
for a shot during his day's outing, and
if the bullet does strike home he has j
the satisfaction of knowing thaf one of ;
the cruel brutes has gone to his ac- |
count, and probably serves as a funeral
feast to his fellow reptiles at the same !
time. Though it is possible to get a shot ¦
from shore the best plan Is to take a j
canoe, or koleh, as the Malays term ;
them, together with a couple of men (
to paddle. As to guns, of course, every I
man has his choice, but It is difficult j
to beat a .44 Winchester for all round
work. Time your departure so as to
arrive at the river mouth shortly be- j
fore dead low water, and then, as you ;
near the spot, load your rifle, get as
far for'ard as you can and wait. The
Malays are up to their work, and pad- j
die the koleh swiftly through the water .
with short, noiseless strokes, while you •
search the low mudbanks ahead as
carefully as you can.
"Tuan, tuan, to the right, to the"
right," comes a whisper from .behind: ;
you. The head of the koleh swings .
round a little, and there, on a bank j
of sandy mud, lies an indistinguishable
something. It may be a crocodile or :
it may be a piece of driftwood; at any j
rate you are creeping nearer and j
nearer every minute and you cover it j
with the rifle. Suddenly the erstwhile !
log seeme to break about two feet from
the end nearest you, and a patch of !
dull, whitey yellow becomes visible. It j
is the under side of the throat, and .
instinctively you pick it up with your \
foresight and fire. Directly you have J
flr.ed. paddle as*quickly as possible, for,
hit or miss, he will have made off Into
the river. Examine the bank carefully, i
and if you are lucky there will be a i
few dark blood stains on the sand, and :
in nine cases out of ten that is all that ;
you will ever see of your kill. j
On one occasion a well-known sports- j
man in the straits killed instantane- j
ously a big brute some twenty feet •
long, using a service rifle and Mark IV j
ammunition. The dum-dum penetrated
the horny cartilage just below the eye,
and mushrooming at once, drilled the
crocodile from end to end. This, how
ever, was at an unusually close range,
eay ten to- fifteen yards, and the Im
pact must have been terrific. In the j
peninsula, as elsewhere, the precise j
significance of the terms crocodile and j
alligator, as applied to the indigenous '
saurians of the country, is a matter of
frequent and sometimes bitter dispute.
Not being a skilled naturalist, I can
only add as my quota to the discussion
the remark, based on personal observa
tion, that both the long-pointed snout
of the true crocodile (C. palustrls) and
the broad, squat head of the gavlal
seem to be equally common In the
rivers of the west coast
PARTY INCONSISTENCY.
In the current issue of the Outlook
George Kennan says that Verestchagin
once, showed him his painting of the
battlefield of PUevna with the remark
that - the original sketch had shown
the hill occupied by the Russian staff
Where , Truth Would Not Go.
Embassador Choate was at a high so
cial function In London and was mis
taken for a lackey, says the Chicago
C-roniclc. A distinguished peer
thought the American d'plomat was
one of the host's servants. He said to
Mr. Choate: "Call me a cab." With
proper* deference Mr. Choate replied:
"You areia cab, sir." With some show
of ire the nobleman r«^ ted: "Call
me a cab immediately." Again Mr.
Choate replied very quietly: "You are
a cab immediately, sir." In high dud
geon the offended peer sou*.... his host
and complained of the Impertinence of
his lackey, pointing out Mr. Choate.
"Why, that is the United States Em
bassador!" exclaimed the host. There
were Introductions and extreme.apolo
gies, but Mr. Choate only laughed, and
so the incident ended.
Called a Cab.
THE departure of Attorney General Knox from the
Cabinet was closely followed by an inspired dis
patch to the effect that Judge Moore would be
transferred from the bench at Nome and exchanged for
a judicial officer who formerly presided over the court
at Nome. \ That part of Alaska, 6000 miles from Wash
ington, is practically governed by the Federal Judge
who holds court at Nome. He may be the instrument
of justice and. good government, or he may be a partial
and unjust judge and the worker of woe to the de
fenseless. Like all mining- camps, Nome is a hotbed of
litigation. No prospector nor poor man with a mine is
safe from an attack upon his title, on which the court
has to pass. The cost and difficulties of an appeal are
so great that when the judgment is unjust,, or even infa
mous, it is apt to stand, for the victim cannot reach ah
appellate bench. „' •
The locality is so distant and isolated that it must.be
strong moral fiber in a man that does not untwist and
slacken, and several sad. experiences have proved that
the, "judge on that bench must be of high and well-sea
soned good character to withstand the tendencies of,
the situation.* Judge Moore has proved to be such a
judge. He has dispensed justice, and has not dispensed
with it, and has governed uprightly.. Every suitor in his
court has had the benefit of the law, and his career has
actually advanced civilization .on that remote and rough
frontier.
He was the personal selection of Attorney General
Knox for the place, and the good judgment of the selec
tion is shown— m. the entire subsidence of the judicial
scandals which made Nome a sort of plague spot. The
statement that he is to- be transferred has a sinister ap
pearance that will appal, the decent people of that 'part
of Alaska." If Mr. Knox can protect as Senator, the good
appointment he made as Attorney General, he will do
Alaska a great service and the people of Nome a favor
that will be highly appreciated. •;'.'. - .
Ithas been- said, that a special commissioner will in
..vestigate the whole Alaska situation, in view, of the scan
dals it has furnished. There are interests at Nome, rich
and predatory, which maintain agents in Washington to
take,, advantage ¥ oi > just such events .as .the change in the
head "of the" Department of Justice. The people "are not
present to. spealc .for "themselves. If they were, . Judge
Moore ¦ would -be rlcft ' undisturbed.
NEEDS WATCHING.
~ The first" Englishman who Is known
for certain to have gone out to India
was, according to a recent correspond
ent in an Indian paper, a certain
Thomas Stephens, a member of a well
to do Wiltshire family and an Oxonlon,
who landed somewhere near Goa about
the year 1579, and spent forty years
in Jesuit missionary work In Goa and
the neighborhood. Stephens not only
succeeded in mastering Marathl and
Konkani. which were the languages
spoken by the majority o- the people
on the West Coast, but left behind him
among other works in Marathl of lit
erary merit the "Purana," an epic: and
it is in his capacity as the author of
this that Stephens' name is best known
among the West Coast Inhabitants.
The poem contains over 11,000
strophes of four lines each. It nar
rates lnVi lofty style the events that led
up to the establishment of the Chris
tian religion, and from the creation to
the ascension of our Lord, who figures
as the hero of the epic. A new edition
of the "P6rana" is to be published In
Mangalore, no printed copy of the work
being now available.— The Athenaeum.
First Briton in India.
The Board of Supervisors has been informed by its
legal adviser that the charter would be very seriously
wrenched if the board were to arrogate to itself an ap
pellate authority in the granting of liquor licenses. Let
us hope that the decision is as legal as it is sensible.
San Francisco favors too many groggerics now to wel
come the opening of another wide avenue for their
acquisition. | _
Band Mttsic in the Park.
The following is the programme of
band music in Golden Gate Park to
day and to-morrow, Paul Stelndorff
conductor:
STJXDAT.
PART I.
"Star Spantrkd Banner."
March. "Debonaire" Fenster
Overture. "Somniernachtstraum"* Suppe
Waltx. "Carlotta" MlUocker
Solo for saxophone. J. U Mundwyler— Selected
Selection.- "La Boheme" ...Puccini
PART II.
Overture — "Morning. Noon and N!ght"...Supp»
(a) Morceau de concert. "Cupidlettx... Moses
<b) "Jolly Corks" (Elks' march) Grabba
Introducing "Auld Lanj Syne."
"Cavalry Charge" LueOcrs
Spanish ballet music Desormen
Fantatsi*. "Robin Hood" D» Kovea
MONDAY. JVLT 4.
PART I.
"The Old Flag Forever."
March, "Follow the Flajr" . — ....Grabs*
Dedicated to Admiral Schley.
American overture Cattia
¦Waltz. "La Petit Bleu" D» Weasel
Solo for cornet. "Columbia Polfca"...Rontnawi
D. C. Rosebrook.
Selection, "King Dodo" r*-,,,.Ti>n&nTW
PART IL
Grand American fantasia Herbert
Hawaiian consrs Burrer
Selection. "The Serenade" Herbert
Descrlptlva melody. "Recollection* of th«
"War" ...B«yr
Galop. "Wi« der Wind," ....Fauat
"America."
'Anszcers to Queries.
GAIti HAMILTON— Subscriber, City.
Gail Hamilton was the pen name of
Mary Abigail Dodge, who was a con
tributor to a number of the leading
magazines.
ENGLISH DERBT — H. O. H^
Knights Landing, Cal. Tho English
Derby was won by a horse foaled la
America. This was Iroquois, In 1SS1,
foaled in Philadelphia.
TAMALPAIS— W., Alaraeda, CrnL
Tamalpais is Spanish for "the Tamal
country." The mountain of that "*m»
was so called because It Is In the coun
try that was at one time occupied by,
the Tamal Indians.
LANDS IN OREGON— G.. Madera,
Cal. This department has no other in
formation than published In The Call
relative to reservation . lands In the
State of Oregon which are to be offered
for sale. For j specific information on
the subject address a letter of Inquiry,
to the General Land Office, "Waahlnx
ton, D. C.
HEROIC ACTION— J. K.. City. If A'
was engaged to a young lady and she
In due \lme told him that her mother
had spent the last five years of her Ufa
in an asylum for the Insane as a pa
tient and the engagement was broken
off. neither should be blamed. On th«
contrary, both should be -praised, aa
neither was willing that there might b«
out of a possible union children that
might be affected with hereditary In
sanity. If the man broke off the en
gagement he should not be censured by
his friends, and. at the same time tha
woman should be commended for hav
ing had the courage to tell of tho mis
fortune in her family. French authori
ties show that of 407 cases of mental
affection 279 were traceable to the
mother, and an English physician simi
larly records 76 out of 133. Where the
taint exists on the side of. the mother
a great number of the children and a
greater number of daughters are born
of unsound. mind. Persona who have a
taint of Insanity in their family should
never marry.
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic flre-«tched boxes. 715 Market «t.«
Special Information supplied dallr t»
business houses and publte men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal,
lfornia street. Telephone Main lOtt,^
In Holland and Ellglum the dog oc
cupies the place which the donkey does
in several other countries. In the
former the sight of a couple of dogs
dragging along a pushcart loaded with
vegetables, flowers or shining milk cans
is a familiar one. They trot along
underneath the cart, within easy reach
of the blunt toe of the sabot of the
woman, who walks behind It to guide
it by the handles attached at that
point. In Belgium the dogs are hitched
in front, as the Russians attach their
horses to their drosktes, three abreast,
and are % guided by a pair of rope reins
fastened to a muzzle about the nose of
t^e dog in the middle. Recently the
National Cart Dog Association; organ
ized to regenerate the original race of
Belgian mastiffs, held its' first exhibi
tion of cart dogs. The Flemish breed
ers have found that in crossing the Bel
gian mastiffs with the Great Danes,
with the idea of Increasing the size of
the cart dogs, anfi so securing addi
tional strength, they made a mistake.
The result proved to be animals with
weak ' hindquarters and disproportion
ate limbs. Now they are endeavoring
to revive the original stock.
The women and dogs of these two lit
tle countries are another evidence that
human and canine nature are the same
the world over. When one sees the
white-capped Belgian milk woman with
her dogs standing near a well, the
woman having a battered can slung on
her forearm, one Instinctively becomes
suspicious. The suspicion \& confirmed
when one discovers a policeman detain
ing at the roadside a pair of sulky
faced milkmaids, with their dog team
and cart laden with slender necked milk
cans, while he Jots their nu-nes In his
little book against a charge of watering
milk. When the cart comes to a stand
still the dogs are no longer draught
animals, but dogs. They sit or He com
placently down and loll their tongues
from their open mouths. Apparently
they have forgotten that they are ani
mals Intended for human companion
ship, but condemned to hard labor for
life.— New York Tribune.
Dutch Dog Carriers.
Summing up the results of the fair
for the first forty days, a St. Louis pa
per says that, considering the unusual
quantity of rain, they have been ex
cellent. They are ready to pay back
the Government's loan of plus $4,500,
000, and still have a margin left. As
to the city having been swamped by Its
visitors, no sign of such a thing ha*
anywhere appeared. The hotels haven't
been full, nor have the boarding-houses.
Both together It was estimated that
they will accommodate 600,000 vis
itors, and a larger number than this at
any one time Is not expected. Trans
portation has not been overtaxed, no
anything like it. As to extortion, such
a thing has not been heard of, at any
rate, since Secretary Hay left for the
East some time ago. On the contrary,
visitors have been agreeably surprised
at the moderation of the charges. Tho
paper estimates that a two weeks' out-
Ing, transportation from any part of
the country and back Included, should
come within $100', which It thinks Is
cheap enough, when It la conslaered
what is given for It, and there Is little
doubt that that will be the general
opinion. Visitors can spend more if
they like, but can see the fair hand
somely for the sum named, no doubt
prevailing anywhere that it Is well
worth the money.
Exposition Accommodations.
Computations made upon the proportion of people
who own their residences may bring alarm to students
of social affairs. It appears from the records of the last
census that the American people are becoming less and
less proprietors, that fewer own the houses which cover
them than ever before. The extreme of this condition
is evidenced most naturally in the industrial communities
and large cities; in the rural districts the percentage of
householders is largest. When it is considered, how
ever, that with the growth ! of the country and the grad
ual absorption of the population into industrial centers
a ; decline in the proprietary class must inevitably follow,
these census figures need not'secm alarming. Proprie
torship is the necessary adjunct of the producer of raw
material but not inevitably of the industrial worker.
A feature of the census statistics that should cause all
marriageable ladies to sit up and take notice is that
which proclaims our Pacific Coast States as taking the
lead in matrimony. Of the marriageable portion of
femininity in the Coast States 60 per cent are married
as against 59 per cent in the Central West and 54 along
the Atlantic seaboard. Here is a golden fact for our
Promotion Committee to incorporate in their boom
sheets for California. Let a pamphlet containing the
glad tidings be mailed to every women's club east of the
Sierras.
THE abstract, of » the tenth census of the United
States, recently published by the Department of
Commerce, contains food for reflection by econo
mists and students of social problems alike. For by
these figures taken from the complete roll of the census
of 1900 the comparison made with those of the former
general counts offers data upon the trend of social.con
ditions in our nation. Upon the whole we find as the
result of this comparison reason for a very optimistic
hope for the future. •
Of particular importance, in view of the recent agita
tion set to stem what were feared to be tendencies to
ward race suicide in our people, is the computation made
upon the increase in native born population during the
ten years past. In the period between the last two cen
sus takings the increase in native born over the number
shown in 1890 has been 22 per cent, while the corre
sponding growth in the number of those of foreign
birth has risen only 12 per cent above that of the former
census. When we compare these figures with those re
cently published in the "Economiste Francaise" we find
that race suicide is yet far from being our portion. Ac
cording to that journal the excess of births over deaths
in France for the year 1901 was only 72,398, and in 1902
83,044.
SOME CENSUS FIGURES.
all strewn with champagne bottles. A
Grand Duke who had seen the drawing
insisted that the bottles be painted out.
and the artist had compiled- It will
be remembered that when some tem
perance people protested to Lincoln
that Grant was a whisky drinker, the
President replied that he wished he.
knew the brand so that he might send
some of the same liquor to his other
generals. But the Russian generals
have not the Grant brand.
Fifty parrots were seized by the Sheriff recently and
were lo'dged for safe keeping in the City Hall. The So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Birds should re
sent the lodging as an unnecessary corruption of the
morals, manners and speech of birds generally consid
ered as harmlessly diverting.' A week's residence in
the City Hall, it is needless to say, will unfit the garrul
ous birds for domestic family use.
Dr. C. D. McGettlgan and Postmaster
Arthur Flsk, together with several
others, are occupants of a private room
at the Olympic Club. They are all
Inclined to practical jolting and the
stories they frequently tell upon each
other show that some of their Jokes
do not always work according to ex
pectations. Here Is the latest:
Fisk, McGettigan and three or four
others were at the club a few days
ago enjoying a swim. All but Flsk left
the tank and went to their room to
dress. While they were laughing and
talking one of the crowd picked up
a bunch of keys.
, "Whose property?" he asked- All re
plied, "Not mine," and Dr. McGettlgan
vouchsafed the Information that they
belonged to Flsk and suggested that
they be thrown In a corner, where the
Postmaster could not find them. "His
family is out of town." said the doctor;
"when he gets home to-night he will
have to do a little chasing for a lock
smith to get in— Just as I had to do
several nights ago."
The suggestion was a good one, every
one declared, and Into a dark corner
the keys were thrown and covered with
a towel.
Late that night Dr. McGettlgan was
seen at the phone in a corner grocery
near his home. He was calling up the
Olympic Club and when he got an
answer, he said:
"Hello, Olympic This is Dr. McGet
tigan. Will you send a boy up to room
M to get a bunch of keys he will find
under a towel in the left corner. They
are mine and I need them to get in
my house with."
The Tables Turned.
number of widely scattered points incessantly day and
night, must in conjunction with infantry fire— to which
the 'ground in front of Port Arthur peculiarly lends
itself — inevitably subdue the fire of the forts."
The close balance between the two forces renders the
issue one of great interest to the civilized world. Should
the defensive powers of- modern armaments prove to be
easily superior to those of offense, we may be in a meas
urable distance of the establishment of a permanent
peace, because aggressive wars will be too dangerous to
be lightly undertaken! On* the other hand should the
offensive force find it easy to pound the defense into
surrender, it is hardly likely the future history of the
nations will be in any great degree different from that
of the tpast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor V v . ..»,.'.'. '. /.Address AUCommtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Hanager
Publication Office ............................................. ..I. ........... .......Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY .........:....... ................:..............:............;:... JULY 3, 1904
28
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESLOS ANGELES, July 2.— -The San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad will open traffic between Los
Angeles and San Bernardino to-mor
row, usin"g the company's recently
opened main line to Riverside and the
old Southern Pacific narrow gauge
from Riverside to San Bernardino.
Railroad to Open New Line.
Metropolitan Business College
Reopens July 6. 8ee ad.col.R.H. Webster.*
Joker Makes Work for the Police.
LOS ANGELES, July. 2.— The police
dragged the lake in West . Lake Park
to-day to find the body of a supposed
suicide, but after six hours' work con
cluded that they were the victims of a
Joker. The -search was made as the
Chief of v. Police had received an
anonymous note to the effect that the
writer intended drowning himself in
the lake. ¦
- Within the , -last few years . the
various, colonies of Europeans in Egypt
have built their" own hospitals. There
are now' in Cairo French^ German.
Austrian, Anglo-American and Italian
hospitals. " _
i ROOM ENTERED BY BURGLAR.—
E. T. Green reported to' the police yes
terday that his room at 239 Geary street
was entered during his absence on Fri
day night and thoroughly ransacked:
The door had been opened by means of
a skeleton key. A suit case, suit of
clothes and other personal property
were stolen. . •
T\> want l;oi)<\ we want encouragement.
Speak of good thlnfTK. Tell your friends of tha
value of "Old Otlt EdKe "Whiskey" au a. stimu
lant If they Icmk all run down. Wholesale at
Battery tt..S.K. Wtchmas.Lutgen & Co. •
Bigamist Acknowledges Ills Guilt.
RENO, Nev., July 2. — In the Dis
trict Court here to-day Dana Odoan
pleaded guilty to a charge of bigamy
and will be sentenced Tuesday. Odoan
came to Nevada several months ago.
Locating at Fallon, he courted and
married one of the charming young
ladies of that town. A few. days later
his first wife arrived on the scene and
with her came five well grown chil
dren.
ANTIOCH. July 2.— Fire started at
the California paper mill and straw
board factory aborst 10 o'clock to
night and one of the huge stacks of
ftraw was burned. The loss will
reach 53000.
Fire at California Paper Mill.
EUUEKA, July 2. — At an early
hour this morning a middle aged mun,
Thomas Devine, was found Insensible
in tha rear of the Hub saloon.' He
waa blerdin.tr from numerous wounds
on the hccC. The wounds appeared td
have been made by some blunt instru
ment by some one evidently bent on
murder. The police have arrested a
man nnmeil Hudson on suspicion. An
ax covered with blood and human
hair was found near the place where
Devine was discovered. Devine is a
plumber, who came here from Fresno
not long since.
Murderous Assault Made on Stranger.
A crar.fi celebration of the Fourth will be
held at Nrptun« Gardens. Alameda. Literary
exercUes. races and tames, fireworks and a
ball Ir. the evening:. Kouivltrip tickets from
San Francisco. Including admission to grounds
45 tents tor adultc, :JO cents for children.
Tick»t» on sale *t ferry depot on mornlnsr of
Uie l''ouitti. Afk .Southern Pacific agents. *
Fourth of Julj' at Alanuvla.
RENO. July 2. — In the neighbor
hood of 250,000 tons of coal piled in
the bunkers at the new town of Sparks
is on fire and the Southern Pacific
Company is using every effort to save
at least a portion of this vast amount
of fuel from destruction. The fire had
been in progress for days,-- but it was
not until last night that It was dis
covered. Immediately a force of men
was put to work to discover the source
of the blaze and check its course. Thus
far their efforts have not been suc
cessful. Spontaneous combustion Is
stated to be the cause of the fire.
Fire Breaks Out in Bankers Contain
ing Thousands of Tons of
Coal nt Sparks.
RAILROAD COMPANY
WILL SUFFER BIG LOSS
Carson City Cam! ! Is Opened.
RENO, New, July 2. — The Carson
carnival, which will last one week,
opened under most promising; condi
tions this evening. The feature of the
opering was the crowning of the
$Oeen, Miss Jessie Schultz. The cere
monies were conducted by the dra
matic order. Knights of Kohrrassan of
Reno. A fifty-mile bicycle race be
tween the Carson team and the Sac
ramento Club will be the main attrac
tion to-morrow, on Monday tha race
for the championship of the Pacific
Coast for a distance of fifty miles be
tween the Reno Wheelmen and the
Oakland Wheelmen will take nlace.
Graessel; guide, George Filbert; trus
tee, Henry Leu; delegate to Labor
Council, John A. Holland. .
Coopers' Union No. 65 — President,
W. T. Colbert; vice president, M.
Monaghan; recording secretary, I. Be
ban; financial secretary, H. Sholten;
treasurer. S. J. Cook: marshal, M.
Burns;' Journal reporter, N. Cohn; in
side guard, William Pyne; trustees —
E. Ullrich. R. Meyer and H. P. Hjort;
delegates to Labor Council — A. J.
Cook, I. Behan. H. Sholten and A.
Milne; delegates to City Front Federa
tion — S. J. Cook. William T. Colbert
and F. Staffan. The installation vrill
take place the second Thursday in
this month.
Laundry Workers — President, J. H.
Moritz; vice president, G. F. Prendi
ville; treasurer, R. Spencer; secretaryt
S. H. Gray; sergeant-at-arms, E. Mel
lalns; sentry, H. J. Meyers.
Mr. and Mra. Featherstone, who have
been traveling from Los Angeles in an
automobile, arrived here yesterday and
are at the St. Francis.
General A. W. Vogdes of the United
States Artillery Corps and his wife ar
rived from Key West, Florida, yester
day and are staying at the Occidental.
Henry Plousky, formerly a resident
of this city, but now a prominent man
ufacturer of Philadelphia, arrived at
the Palace yesterday with hislamily.
Rev. L. B. Cholmondeley, a mission
ary of China, arrived ct the Palace
yesterday.
Ellwood Cooper, the well-known olive
grower of Southern California, is regis
tered at the Lick.
Dr. L. S. Hughes, U. S. A., is at the
Occidental.
Rev. R. B. Ev.an of Chentu. China, is
at the Occidental.
Joseph. Whitaker, a merchant of Gait,
is at the Occidental.
R. A. Penrose, a prominent mining
man of Arizona, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Bancroft of Con
cord, X. H., are at the St. Francis.'
PERSONAL.
The Petaluma and Santa Rosa Rail
way Company, which is projecting a
railroad line from Petaluma to Santa
Rosa and which purposes to connect
with this eide of the bay by means
of a steamer line that will run up
Petaluma Creek, filed amended ar
ticles of incorporation u-ith the County
Clerk yesterdaj-. The changes in the
original articles were necessary in
order that the corporation might con
form with the law in giving a chattel
mortgage on its property to the Mer
cantile Trust Company as part se
curity for the issuance of $1,000,000 in
6 per cent twenty-year bonds. The
original documents were filed some
time ago in the adjoining counties
where the property is located. The
chattel mortgage was filed here yes
terday shortly after the amended ar
ticles of Incorporation were filed in
the Count;* Clerk's office.
I'< :.i hitna and Santa Ilosa Transporta*
tlon Enterprise Gives a Chattel
Mortgage on Its Properties.
•\r\V 11AILWAY COMPANY'
PERFECTS A BIG LOAN
A notable event in the library world
occurred in the recent dedication of
the John Carter Brown Library build
ing at Brown University, Providence,
,11. I. For this building $150,000 was
given by John Nicholas Brown, son of
John Carter Brown. The donation
was but one of a trinity of gifts made
by this generous donor. For the en
dowment of the library he gave
$500,000 and also a collection of books
vulued at over $1,000,000. In reality
this accumulation is of almost price
less value because of the : rarity
of many of the volumes. In
Americana it is reputed to be the best
in the world, while its collection of
early colonial, Spanl3h-Amerlcan and
Mexican records Is surpassed by few.
A touching incident of the dedication
was the presentation of the keys of the
building by the 4-year-o!d son of the
donor, who died before his benefac
tions had taken shape. y
Correspondence on ' library topics
may be addressed to the Library De
partment, Call office.
It is seldom that a city is perplexed
by an opportunity of possessing two
main library buildings. Such an em
barrassment comes to the v city of
Nashua, N, H., which now owns the
Hunt Memorial Library building, upon
news that by the will of Mrs. Daniel
Husse^ of Kentucky, made' in 1871,
the city is bequeathed $50,000 for a
public library building. The will stipu
lates that the building cost $40,000
and that $10,000 be invested for a
book fund. A solution of this diffi
culty may be found in placing the
second or new library building In the
northern part "of Nashua.
The opening of Reno's $15,000 Car
negie building on June 4 crowned the
prolonged labors of a few earnest men
and women in securing legislation and
in awakening general interest in free
libraries In Nevada.
The Fresno library wants — as what
library does not?- — more books. An
swering an appeal, a citizen offers to
give 5 cents a day for twelve months
by purchasing each month a $1 50
book of his own selaction. which is
subject to the approval of the librarian
and trustees. He proposes that 499
others try the same experiment.
Not satisfied by giving, with his
partner, a $2000 library building to the
Laton Library Association of Laton,
Fresno County, Captain Saunders has
challenged his fellow citizens by an
other proposition. , He now offers the
association $100 if it will raise an
other hundred by October 1.
LIBRARIES IN NEVADA^
One of the leaders in library work
thus voices the belief of the far-seeing
men of this age, saying: "No thought
ful man can question that it is a su
preme concern to provide for our peo
ple the best of the literature of power
which inppires and builds character
ami of the literature of knowledge
which informs and builds prosperity.
This can be done effectively and eco
nomically only through free public* li
braries. A limited number can buy, or
hire* their books, but experience has
proven that unless knowledge is as
free cs air or water. It is fearfully
handicapped, and ths state cannot af
ford to allow even the smallest ob
stacle to remain between any of its
citizens and the desire" for either in
spiration or information."
The Union Club of Santa Barbara
has donated a fine painting of Car
penteria Creek to the Public Library.
Sometimes the question is thought
lessly asked, "What Is the use of a
public library?" One answer may be
given in the description of a single
group that recently* stood before the
delivery desk of a free library. There
were present four nurses from the
State Hospital for wprks on physiol
ogy; three machinists, wanting late
mechanical jvorks; two Swedes, asking
for books fn their native tongue; a
young lady, for a description of Eng
land's crown jewels; a craftsman, seek
ing Information .as to women's guilds
in America, and a clergyman, calling
for the best magazine articles on the
negro question.
.But there is a pitiful aspect in con
nection with the lack. of knowledge in
the public mind concerning the func
tions of the public library. There are
thousands of people In our large cities
who do not know even of the existence
of a free library in their midst. A late
incident in one of our bay cities em
phasizes this statement. It. seems that
a longshoreman, who Is a , constant
reader of library books 'at the noon
lunch hour, had often been asked by
his mates what his books cost him.
They refused to believe that there was
any institution in their city which
gave such privileges without charge.
Reporting his experience with them to
the library management. It is Interest
ing to know that they at once took up
the matter for investigation.
Many of the larger libraries of the
country which have longest been
grappling with the problem of how to
reach the masses with good reading
find it advisable to do what every mer
chant does — advertise. This is often
found most effective through placards
hung on office, workshop and dock
walls.
KNOWLEDGE HANDICAPPED.
Cement Workers' Union —President,
Edward Spicer; vlca president, William
Crosble; recording secretary, Thomas
Doyle; financial secretary, M. J. Kelly;
treasurer, E. L. Fisher; sergeant-at
arms. M. Hare: marshal, A. A. Whit
ten; "executive board, J. Biash, D. Dono
van, O. A. Tveitmoe. D. Broderlck, J. J.
Fox, A. Kenert and Arthur Ullmer;
finance committee. E. F. Bailey. Will
iam Ritzman and Emil Johnson; dele
gates to Building Trades Council, H. S.
Byers, J. Rush. O. A. Tveitmoe, M. J.
Kelley, R. H. Wunderlach, E. L. Fisher
and Thomas Doyle; business agent, H.
S. Byers.
Oakland Cigarmakers— President, M.
Lesser; vice president, A. Anderson;
treasurer, F. G. Aldrich; recording sec
retary, CJ. R. Pesmin; corresponding
and financial secretary, J. Aronson;
sergeant-at-arms, H. Baurhofer; dele
gates to Allied Provision Trades Coun
cil, *M. Lesser and F. Hilgard; repre
sentative to the International conven
tion, J. Aronson.
Retail Clerks— President, J. C. Treth
eway; first vice president, J. Naismith;
second vice president, D. Terry; secre
tary, J. C. Curran: guide, T. King;
guard.. L. Barr; treasurer, M. Rosner;
trustees, Messrs. Hyde and Solomon;
delegates to the Central Labor Coun
cil, Messrs. Reboli, Fisher, Curran and
King. ' _
Stablemen's Union No. 8760 — Pres
ident.' Thomas F. Finn; vice presi
dent, C. P. Monroe; recording secre
tary, Thomas J. White; financial sec
retary, John F. Killian; treasurer.
Martin Schmidt; marshal, Charles
Fulkerson: executive < board — C. P.
Monroe, Fred Querrin, J. B.
Coushiin, 1'nul Borrutau, J. J.
Dougherty, „ Charles Smith and
John Hunter; sergeant at arms,
Eugene Sharp; .auditing committee —
Edward Casey. Charles Smith and
William Yates; delegate? to the Labor
Council— Thomas F. John F.
Killian. Walter Tray, John Hunter and
Thomas J. White.
Carriage Workers' Union Xo. 69—
president. Daniel F. McLaughlin; vice
president. Nelson Miller: financial
secretary. Edward LIncez; recording
secretary, Henry Schultz; treasurer,
John A. Holland; guardian. Herman
The following unions elected the offi
cers named at the regular weekly
meetings:
OITICEKS ELECTED.
Because the Carriage Manufacturers'
Association has refused to renew the
agreement and the three unions affili
ated with this particular association—
the Carriage Painters' Union No. 66,
Carriage Woodworkers' Union No. 69
and Carriage Blacksmiths' Union No.
99 — there is a feeling of unrest existing
in the minds of the members of these
unions. They believe that the associa
tion intends to declare for an open
shop. The association informed the
unions that there would be no imme
diate change from the present-condi
tions regarding wages and hours, but
positively declined to renew the agree
ment.
The Master Steam Fitters' and
Plumbers' Association has declined to
sign an agreement presented • by the
Journeymen Plumbers, Gas Fitters and
Steam Fitters and their helpers on the
same terms and conditions as. have
been in operation during the past year.
One of the objectionable sections
which prevented the signature of the
representative of the Masters' Associa
tion is the stipulation that "No em
ployer must hire a helper who is not a
member of the Journeymen's Union."
This clause is heldi under a recent de
cision of the Supreme Court of Illinois,
to be unconstitutional and the Masters'
Association will probably remain firm
in its refusal to accept the agreement.
TROUBLE EXPECTED.
A mass meeting of the striking sta
blemen and hack drivers was held at
Turk-street Temple last night and ad
dresses made to the men by; James Mc-
Cue and James Bowlen calculated to
rouse the spirits of any weak ones who
might be wavering. About 2.00 men
were in attendance and the remarks of
the speakers were roundly applauded.
The Citizens' Alliance was made a par
ticular target of attack, Bowlen stat
ing that Anthony Gallagher, who was
killed a week ago in a clash between
union and non-union men, was mur
dered at the direct instance of the Citi
zens' Alliance. It was also stated that
the San Francisco Labor Council had
agreed to raise $1000 to retain James G.
Maguire to represent the strikers in the
pending Injunction proceedings against
the sandwich men and that strike ben
efits would be paid regularly. In view
of these conditions the men were urged
to "stand pat."
JOt'HXEYMEX PLUMBERS.
Manufacturers' Association
Refuses to Renew Agree
ments With Three Unions
WASHINGTON. July 2. — John J.
Hill, who was found unconscious in
Ban Francisco and later died, was for
merly an attorney in this city. He
was unmarried. His father is em
ployed in* the Pension Bureau here.
Young Hill was recently appointed to
a clerkship in the Philippines at a
salary of $900 per year.
Even the police believe that Hill was
struck down for the purpose of rob
bery. When he was found at the cor
ner cf Beale and Mission streets early
Friday morning no valuables were on
hie person. He had money when he se
cured his transportation and after he
had paid hi* hotel bill. The cause of
his death vn* undoubtedly a hard
dealt blow, as Dr. Bacigalupi found,
during the autopsy, that concussion of
the brain had been so intense that it
could not have resulted from a fall.
Xo word had been received from the
Quartermaster's department last night
as to Hill's antecedents, though the
transfer from the Virginia station
woald indicate that he had been in the
service prior to being transferred to
Manila.
Coroner Leland had a jury summoned
yesterday afternoon to view the re
mains before they were taken to the
Logan and the same men will later in
vestigate Hill's death.
After the Jury viewed the remains,
Hill's body was placed in a casket and
taken from the morgue in an army
wagon to the transport Logan, where
it will be cared for until the authori
ties at Washington decide what shall
be done or relatives claim it.
It Is understood that the matter will
be taken up by the Government and
the case turned over to the secret ser
vice department for investigation.
FATHER IX WASHIXGTOX.
The body of John J. Hill, the young
clerk who died under mysterious cir
cumstances while waiting to take *
transport to Manila, where he was to
assume hla duties In the quartermas
ter's department, is on board the trans
port Logan aixd will be embalmed and
held awaiting instructions from Wash
ington.
Secret Service Men May Be
Called Into Case to Fer
rer Out the Sandbaggers
Thousands in Large Cities
Do Not Know of Existence
ofs Useful Institutions
INSTRUCTIONS AWAITED
PLUMBERS IX TROUBLE
ADVERTISINGNECESSAEY
The C. M. Wooster Company has
made the following sales through its
country department: For the Califor
nia Realty Trust Company to John
Jackson and W. B. Jackeori of Hodg
man. Kas., 20 acres in the San Martin
rancho, Santa Clara County, for $2800;
to F. G. Howland, 10 acres for $1700; to
H. G. Palmer, 11 acres, for $1650; to A-
P. Pherson, 10 acre3 for $1500, and to M.
E. Davis, 150 acres for $6000. For the
account of the Sacramento *Valley Land
Company, in Boggs ranch, at Prince
ton. Colusa County, to W. &L Elliott, 40
acres for $3200; to C. L. Irons of Iowa,
64 acres for $3364: to L. B, Spencer, 64
acres for $2354; to 11. L. Edwards. 80
acres for $4000; to J. R. Adams of Iowa,
70 acres for $3400; to W. tl Dayton of
Los Angeles, 44 acres for $-00; to D. A.
Hendrie of Colorado, 7 acres for $760;
to Finley Hearn of Colorado, 80 acres
for $6330: to Jette F. Lyon of Nebras
ka, 120 acres for $G00; to Joseph Mal
lon of Colorado, 13 acros for $1372; to
C. W. Iliff of Los Angsts, 16 acres for
$1000; to M. H. Jellison of L:js Angles,
19 acres for $1947, and to C. H. Trout
man, 40 acres for $1603; also 3 acres in
the Oakwood Park tract of Fair. Oaks
to H. I. Helms for $2000.
The following sales are reported by
Lyon & Hoag: - Lot 25x120, west line
of Third avenue, 200 feet north of A
street, to Tekla Martin, for $1050; 25x
120, west line of Thirty-fourth avenue,
100 feet north of Point Lobos avenue,
to Hans Nisji, for $500; 25x120, east
line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 125:6 feet
south cf Clement street, to E. C. Oet
man, for $400; 25x56:8 and two flats on
the southwest line of Washington ave
nue. 400 feet southeast '. of Mission
street, to Thomas Twohlg, for $3700;
26x77:6. and two flats on the east side
of Stevenson etreet, Ifl6 feet south of
Hermann, for John Hinkel to J. W.
Johnson, for $4300; 25x75, "on the south
east line of Clara street, 250 feet north
east of Sixth, for Thomas Dunning and
Catherine O'Connor to John Peltier, for
$3000; 25x84 :S, on the east side of Al
pine street, 17? feet north of ' Duboce
avenue, to E. Klein, for $1830; 25x114,
and house on the north line of Liberty
etreet. 284 feet east of Castro, to Wil
liam G. Crowley, for $3600; 34x87:6, on
the southeast corner of Fillmore and
Union street*, to Carl F. A. Postel, for
$5100; 25x100, on thenorth line of Point
Lobos avenue, 32:6 feet east of Thirty
fifth avenue, to William W. - Hicks;
25x112, on the north line of Lake street,
35 feet west of Third avenue, from
Thomas L. Hill to C. F. Mueller, for
F. B. Surrhyne reports the following
sales: Northeast corner of Second and
Minna streets, 60x74 feet, for Fred
eric H. Wulzer, to a client for $75,000;
Griffith to Gillies, lot 25x114 feet, on the
south line of Seventeenth street, 150
feet west of Sanchez, for $1750; Brown
to Drucker, lot 25x100 feet, on the south
line of Point Lobos avenue, 56.6 west of
Ninth avenue, $1000; Sharpe to
Schwartze. lot 27.6x52.6, and cottage at
191S Larkln street, between Pacific
street and Broadway, $3300; Doran to
Howell. lot 24x75 feet, with house, at
1302 Laguna street,, between Ellis and
OTarrell, $6250; Cottlngham to Roach,
lot 25x137.6 and four flats at from 311 to
317 Harriet street, $4000; Holtum to
King, lot 25x137.6, end residence at 419
Frederick street. $3000; Wilkins to
Brackett, lot 26x114 feet, on the north
line of Henrv street. 96 feet west of
Xoe, $2050; Mohr to Anderson, lot 2Dx
SO feet, on the west side of Larkin
street, 75 feet north of Broadway. $2500,
and Rich to Anderson. lot 30x91.6, on
th>9 northeast corner of Seventeenth
and Xoe streets, $3750.
1>EAI*S IX THE COUXTRY.
The sales In the first half of 1904
were distributed as follows: 50-varas,
379 sales, amounting to $5,S20,050;
100-varas, 21 sales, amounting to $3,
703,0S0; Potrero and South San Fran
cisco, 250 sales, amounting to $272,
341; Mission, 996 sales, amounting to
$2,520,386; Western Addition, 994
sales, amounting to $7,687,544; outside
land and homesteads. 1014 sales, rep
resenting $2,004,828. These figures
show the strong drift of capital toward
investments in the resyience portions
of San Francisco. Downtown prices
are stiff and the people who believe in
San Francisco are devoting much at
tention to various sections where im
provement is assured, with consequent
appreciation of values.
During the month of June the sales
of city realty amounted to $4,176,550,
the largest amount of any month in
the first half of the present year. As
showing the immediate direction of
public interest, the distribution of
sales for the month just passed is also
given, the figures being taken from the
Real Estate Circular: 50-varas. 152
sales, $2,065,825; 100-varas, 33 sales,
$516,875; Potrero and South San
Francisco. 39 sales. $41,300; Mission,
163 sales. $402,120; Western Addition,
130 sales. 1870,130; outside lands, 156
sales, $260,300. Altogether there were
673 sales in June, representing a value
of $4,176,550.
Building contracts In the citv of
San Francisco during the first six
months of the present year repre
sented a value In improvements of
$8,525,129. Thomas Magee &. Sons, In
their Real Estate Circular, report 3844
transfers of -city realty in the same
period for $22,008,229. This is the
largest number of sales in any six
months with one exception in the his
tory of the city. Last year the sales
in the first six months numbered 2824
and in the first six months of the pre
ceding year they were 3541. The only
six months equaling the first half of
the present year in number of sales
was in 1869, when the Central Pacific
Road entered the city. The total then
was 4615. In the second half of 1869
the sales were but 2293. The Circular
says:
"It will thus be seen that in the year
1869 the sales In the second half of
the year were more. than 40 per cent
less than in the first half year in
amount and more than 50 pet cent
less in number. The sales likewise in
the second half year of 1875 dropped
50 per cent In amount and more than
2SH per cent in number. This show
ing for the first half of the year 1904
is therefore most gratifying, and the
indications seem to point to no great
cessation in real estate transactions
for the balance of the year 1904."
SALES BY DISTRICTS.
Sol Getz has arrived home from an
extensive trip through the Southern
and Eastern States, visiting the St.
Louis Fair on his return.
Louis Friedlander will build twenty
one Hats on the southeast corner of
Sutter and Webster streets, to cost.
$75,000.
Calvin E. Knickerbocker and John
G. Barker will build a six-story struc
ture on the northwest corner of Sec
ond and Howard streets, to cost
$60,000.
Sales are reported by Sol Getz lz
Son. as follows: Lot. 25x120 feet, on
the east line of Twelfth avenue. 250
feet south of I street, to Rose C. Hunt;
lot 25x120 feet on the east side of
Forty-sixth avenue, 175 feet north of
I street, to Mary Bland for $850; lot
50x120 feet on the east line of Forty
sixth avenue, 125 feet north of I
street, to S. W. Dye for $1700;. lot
25x100 feet on the northwest line of
Paris street, 150 feet northeast of
Persia avenue, to B. F. Crouch: lot
25x100 fe«t on the northwest line of
Lisbon street, 75 feet northeast of
China avenue, to James Calvert; Jot
25x100 feet, with improvements, on
the northwest line of Madrid street,
175 feet northeast of Brazil avenue,
to John H. Kelly.
Oscar Herman reports sales as fol
lows: To Mr. Hellberg, the nortwest
corner of Forty-seventh avenue and
D street. 57:6x100 feet; a cottage at
346 Richland avenue to James Dob
ner; lot 100x120 feet in block 16 of
the Paul tract, to the S. Ducas Com
pany; lot 25x100 feet in the Mission
street Extension Homestead, to Mrs.
Faure; lot 50x100 feet on Harper
street, 100 feet south of Thirtieth, to
D. B. Monroe; cottage and lot 25x125
on Holyoke street, near Silver ave
nue, to R. A. Bush; lot 50x120 in
block 29, University Mound Home
stead, to Mr. Perry; two lots in the
Alvin tract, Elmhurst, to Dr. Hal
pruner and lot 50x120 feet to N. W.
Hatch and L. Garfleld in Outside Land
block 11E3.
A seven-story apartment house with
mansard roof will be built by the
Schroth Company on the south line of
Geary street, 107:6 feet west of Polk
street, to cost $150,000.
A seven-story building will be erect
ed for A. Zellerbach & Co. on the
northeast corner of Clay and Sansome
streets.
SOME COSTLY BUILDINGS.
11060; 25x73, with two flats, on the
north line of Silver street, 200 feet west
of Third, to H. M. Kreker, for $2600;
26x8S, on the east line of Devlsadero
street, 190 feet south of Duboce avenue,
from the Realty Improvement Com
pany to James W. O'Connell, for $2500;
25x100, on the west line of Florida
street, 187:3 feet north of Twenty-third
street, from Oscar Brand to Mary
Birchell, and seven lots in the Sunny
eide tract at Mill Valley station.
Quartermaster's Department
Beceives the Virginian's
Remains Aboard Transport
People in All Walks of
Life Find Help in Their
Work on Free Book Shelves
Stablemen and Hackineii Arc
Advised at Mass Meeting
to Prolong Their Fight
Sales for Period Are More Numerous Than During
Any Preceding Half- Year in History of City
Since Entry of the Central Pacific Railroad
FRIENDS TAKE
HILL'S BODY
URGE STRIKERS
TO HOLD OUT
PUBLIC LIBRARY
A GREAT BOON
RECORD OF SIX MONTHS
SHOWS REALTY ACTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY. 3. MOO*.
29
Sonic opportunities that may
suit your capital advertised to-
day — Investigate.
Have you ever considered the
investment propositions in the
BUSINESS CHANCE COL-
UMNS/ .
ordeal through which the ex-
N4^&£3E3II7&rfK" P ectatlt mother must pass usually in
11 II If li It so u^ °^ su^ er^ n^> danger and fear
l&p' t^ at s^ e l°°ks forward to the critical
• hour with apprehension ancV dread.
•Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through pUl?
the event safely and with but jW^^spaP^^tl %^
little suffering, as numbers igH'^^SS^'M $$
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per 1 — fl^Bi^ET&ifl
bottle of druggists. Book containing j| »§h »««!
valuable information mailed free. H S M%/M1%I
I11E BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO.. Atlanta. G«.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"I had the grip the latter part of
the winter and for four weeks ate ab-
5<>iute)y nothing but Grape-Nuts and
o:*me out of the sickness nicely. That
will show you how strong and sturdy
i am. Truly it is wonderful food to
do such things for one of my age."
Name Riven- by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich.
Delicious. crisp, nutty flavored
Grape-Xuts. Trial ten days proves
things.
Get the little book. "The Road to
"Wellville," in each package.
"I am past TO years of age and up
to five years ugo suffered terribly with
chronic stomach trouble, heart dis-
ease, and was generally as weak as
you will find sick old women o£ 65.
At that time I began to use Grape-
Nuts food and from the very first it
began to build me up. Soon I came to
* condition of perfect health because
I can ad ways digest this food, and it
la full of nourishment. All my heart
and stomach troubles are pone. I
¦oon gained between fifteen and twen-
ty pounds and have never lost it. I
can now do a hard day's work.
•Certainly this is the greatest food
I ever struck. It save me strength
and ambition and courage and I try
to do all the pood I can telling peo-
ple -what it has done for me. . Many
of my neighbors use it and are doing
fine. .
When ore is lively and a hard
worker at this age there i3 something:
intereEtkis to tell and the Princeton
la<!y -who has i,assed this mark ¦ex-
plains hotv h<»r wonderful health i3
<iue to the food she eats.
UVKLY 70.
Right Food Make* Young of the Aged.
GRAPE-NUTS
, AXVEBTISl^rT-FTTTa.
(Prone uncsd Pee-no)
EAU DE fiUlNINE
HAIR TOINICD
Used by people of all classes and conditions the world over.
The sale of ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR
TONIC is greater than that of all other hair tonics combined.
WHY? THE ED. PINAUD HAIR TONIC is the product
of the foremost laboratory in Europe. It is compounded by
a thoroughly trained corps of skilled chemists. It is the only
hair tonic used by the crowned heads of Europe. THE
PRICE IS WITHIN THE REACH OF ALL. It not only
beautifies the hair and imparts a beautiful natural gloss, but
in this hat-wearing age it prevents dryness, dandruff and all
of the ills that the scalp is subject to. We cannot put hair on
a bald head, but ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE QUININE HAIR
TONIC will KEEP the hair on your head if used regularly.
BEWARE, of IMITATIONS. SEE that the name
ED. PINAUD is on each bottle. For sale by all first-class
dealers. Free sample mailed | - mgn tbe latgS5t manu(ac .
on receipt of 4c to pay post- iurers Ia the world ot M S h
'age. ED. PINAUD S Amer- grade perfumes. Oar name is
ican Office, ED. PINAUD a guarantee of highest quality.
Building, 5th Ave. and J4th -P*rfum*rle Ed. Plnaud. 18
St., New York City. \ Place Vcndotne, Paris, t
ADVEBTisEjraarrs.
For Breakfast
|MQ Perfect Fitting Ap k
Pj> Eyeglasses cf
Ij At Moderate Cost {^
V 642 / Ma-rke.tSx
SraraiA/E AK 7WEIN
KXp&$ Vll. HALL'S HEINVIGORATOtt
IfiB ¦** stops all losses and uanatnral dU-
«__¦ r charges In - 1 hours. You feal »n
F52J [S* Improvement from tho flrst dos?.
I7?TO fTtH We have so much confidence In our
UfJA V$s treatment that we o.ter Five Hun-
jSaB KB dreU reward for any casa we caa-
***** nrt '* o> aot cure. This secret remedy cure*
lost power. n!ghtl7 emissions, wasted organs,
varlcocele. g!cet. strictures, kidneys. falUn*
memory, drains in tho urine, gonorrhea, dis-
ease cf the poatate tUnds and all other terri-
ble effects of self-abuse or excesses, -which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cur»j
the worst cases in old or young of that morti-
fying condition, Quickness of the discharge, and
wanting 1 to do, and you can't. Sent sealed, |2
per bottle: three bottles, $2. Guaranteed
cure any case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 833 Broadway. Oakland CaL
Also for vale at 1073^ Market St.. S. F." Send
for fr«»e book.
fV?*§"i\\»\ i\va *• interested aa.l should kaoir
.JQs^Vi-CMla abont the wonderful
SMn iURVU Whirling Spray
S»S^ 2RS»tf|Tbe b»w t««i«»I 9yrl»«!.. j,,ec.
vv^Vt^GJSisxL. tio*andSurtion. Beit— Saf-
NkVvlN?^VaS;a>w wi-Moit CoaTwJeat.
i»t yew <n^!»t »r K. \ fJlL^^^~*ds'~~*°*'
JHUVKI,, ac-»|-» v.o ¦'¦~$lL* 4 Z^—~
otli^r;bnt oend stamp for 'te^ r ¦••i/'V>\_*
tU^str»t*d hook— trmtt*. Itctre* \\ J '''%jf
full particnUrs and rtir«-f!«'ii« lt>- K.'' 7 m
Tiiln.ible t.> l.irt-.es JIARVIXCO^^J;. ,, *m
41 Fark Haw, Sew 1 ark. <**-^JJr
132 New Montgomery. San Francisco. CaL
V.ll'.iam Hatteroth (Ladies'- Dept.). 221 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 40O Sutter and 100 Stocktoa.
Osgeod Uroth*rs...Tth and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy. ¦-¦ 113 gilU
Spall $1.00 w YearAT SARATOGA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — E. Wamstrom. Miss Freda Lueders. L.
H. Munson Mr. and Mrs. Gollober, Misa Flora
Gollober, Miss Annie Gollobcr. Master Irving
Gollober, J. L. Lesser, Master Irving Lesser,
C. H. Lunsmman. Henry Lunsman, Master
"Willie Lunsman, H. A. Lunsroan. Mrs. D.
Muller. Miss D. Muller. Mrs. Bert Sorensen.
Mra. J. C. Jurgens. Mrs. S. F. Earl; Mr. and
Mrs. G E Amos. Miss M. Wamboldt, Miss
F. Buttler Mm. W. C. Buttler. J. E. Man
ning. W. W. Pierce. J Miller. Mrs. O. H.
Brush. Miss D. Mendenhall. Miss U. Crclgh
ton. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Meyer and child. J.
N Wolf. Sam Berger. William Roehr. E. Illlsr.
Miss C Throwell, C. G. Gebhardt. Mrs. C G.
Gebhardt. Miss Alois* Gebhardt, Master
AT HOTEL BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE—
From San Francisco — E. Rogers and wife, Cecil
Rogers, Margaret Rogers, Edith Carpenter. Es
telle Carpenter, E. H. Grandjean, Grace H.
Bailey, Ella Rothchlld, Arthur G. Duncan, B.
D. Deane, James Deane, Miss Deane. James
Keith, Tracy Cummlngs. Minnie Sheridan,
Grace Sheridan, Ann Flannlgan, Emily H.
Parks. John S. Maxwelll Achille L. Artigues,
A. E. Artigues. From Oakland — Arthur Me-
GUI, Stanley Crellin, Joe Rosborcugb, Mrs. A.
M. Rosborough, Constance McKeand. From
Alameda — Dollie Tarpey, Laura Sargent. From
Berkeley— Professor O'Neill and wife, Mrs.
Llndblom and son.
AT ROWARDENNAN: From San Rafael—
F. S. Smith. James Hayden. From Montanero
— Dr. F. Tischer. From Fruitvale — Mrs. C. C.
Clay, Miss Madeline Clay, Miss Harold. Mr.
and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker. Miss H. M. Dodge.
From Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Snyder and
daughter, Mrs. Warner arid- daughter. Mr. and
Mrs. S. G. Buckbee and daughter, Mra. R. Ja
cobson. Miss Josephine Jacobson, Miss Doral
Jacobson, Herbert Jacobson. Mr. and Mrs. H.
S. Foots Jr.. Charles A. Grow, Miss Bina M.
Moseley. Mrs. M. Keesing and granddaughter,
Andrew S. Mosely, Mr. Belcher, Mr. Valentine.
Mr. and Mrs. M. C. * Klttredge, J. G. Moffltt.
From Santa Cruz — Mr. and Mrs. W. H^ Lamb,
Miss Lamb, Dr. H. E. Alderson, Mr. and Mrs.
Ferd Frohman. C. S. Plant. From Sargents —
Mrs. T. O. Sargent, Joseph T. O'Connor, E. S.
de Wolfe.
H. McElroy. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Fagother.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. O'Brien, John A. Kennedy.
Mrs. P. J. Wagner. Miss L. Tobln. Miss C.
Brennac, A. P. Robinson. Mr. and Mrs. K. W.
Tucker, Miss L. S. Tucker. M. J. Kuhl. J. R.
Stuart, Miss Hooker. Miss Maynard, Colonel J.
R. Stanton, G. W. Hlllman, Mr. and Mrs. L. A.
Kelley. A. Strassberger, Mr. and Mrs. J. Agler.
Miss Maud Agter. G. H. Conaught. Miss Rachel
Loffmann. J. F. McCarthy. Dr. and Mrs. W.
Watt Kerr. E. C. Bonbar. J. de Young. Mr.
and Mrs. Victor Aaron. Mrs. Ivan G. Tread
well and maid. Mr. and Mrs. J. Alexander,
Mrs. Andrew Welch and maid, Mr. and Mrs.
Eugene Lent and child, Miss Russell and maid,
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Tobin. Mr. and Mrs.
E. O. Regensberger. F. B. Brown. De Lancy
Lewis. Dr. F. K. Alnsworth. H. B. Lindsay.
R. W." McMurray, Mrs. Henry Jacobs. Mrs. B.
A. Duval. Mr. and Mrs. Ed Ackerman. P.
Urney, John A. Prinsen. H. C. Burr Jr., L. O.
Samter. From Sacramento— Major J. B.
Lauck. From Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. Asa V.
Mondenhall. Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Lewis, Mar
garet E. French, Mrs. W. H. Kleeman. Miss
Estelle Kleeman, Mr. and Mrs. G. L. King,
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Allen. Mrs. R. S. Knight,
Mr and Mrs. Palmer. Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
Stone. A. T. Brock. Miss M. C. Sinclair. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles F. Fletter. Miss Emma Ma
honey, Dr. ,L. W. Friedman, Mr. and Mrs. P.
E. Bowles and party, George C. Holberton, S.
E. Blbblns, Miss Eva Hossing. From London,
England— Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Bracking.
AT BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Dominic Gotelll, S. Brener, S. C.
Pickering, A. B. Joseph, John D. Sprecicels/
Mies Grace D. Spreckels. James W. Reid, Mrs.
Judge Baldwin, M. L. Ryan, Thomas Denlgan*
J. E. Maple and wife, S. W. Latz. Miss Louise
Ellis, Mrs. S. W. Latz, Mr. and Mrs. L. K
Breed. S. W. Hughes, E. A. Hoover and wife"
P. A. McDonald, Miss McClure, W. s Latz
Dr. W. P. Read and wife, Mrs M. J. Dickey'
Mlsa E J. Dickey. Walter Dickens and wife'
Miss Alice Dickens, Mrs. H. E, Deylow and
daurhter. Mrs. L. R. Mead. Sam Strauss. Mrs.
A. Maitland, N. J. Suttlch, C. Petruslch, A.
AT CAMP" CURRY: From Great Falls.
Mont. — Mrs. L. M. Hamilton, Miss J. Hamil
ton. From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. T. E.
Hearty. From San Francisco — Mrs. G. H.
Kilburn, Mrs. J. B. McMahon. Miss R. Cur
tis, H. B. Mayo. From Presidio, San Fran
cisco — Dr. I. W. Rand, U. S. A.; Mrs. I. W.
Rand. From Piedmont — Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Richardson. G. N. Richardson. From Acampo
— Mrs. M. Van Gelder, Miss Ella Jahant.
From Oakland — Miss J. P. Halght. From
Brooklyn, N. Y. — Miss Florence Starr. From
Auburn— Miss E. S. Glover. From Belvedere —
Miss A. Hendry, Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Hendry.
From San Francisco — Miss H. E. McLane,
Miss M. A. McLane. Miss M. Radford, M.
Stebblns Gull, L. Stebblns. I From New York —
F. B. Hubbell. From Oakland — Mrs. I. M.
Morgan. Miss W. J. Morgan. From San Fran
clsco^-J. J. Bradley, U. S. A. From Sequoia —
J. H. Crocker. From Berkeley— Mrs. Skinner:
Miss A. Skinner. From Alameda — Mr. and
Mrs. E. Krietzschar. From Granby. Conn. —
H. W. Clark. From Los Angeles — L. J. Me-
Quade. From San Francisco— Mrs. L. Thier
bach, Miss A. Boldemann. From Oakland —
Miss C. A. Whelan, Mrs. E. E. Greenman.
Miss Morrison, Miss M. II. Morrison, Miss M.
R. Blythe. From Berkeley — Miss I. A. Cody.
From Chicago — Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Mason, D.
P. Mason, Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Driver. From
St. Louis — Mr. and Mrs. S. P. Prouty. From
Los Angeles — Mr. and Mrs. N. C. Sheckels,
Miss L. B. Stevens. From St. Louis — P. Sar
r?nt. From Oakland — M. Gould and wife.
From Berkeley — Mrs. B. C. Johnson. Miss L.
H. Johnson. From Oakland— Miss F. Gedge.
From San Francisco — L.' L. Bolderman. Miss
E. Mclnerney. From Woodland— W. M. Hy
man and wife. Oakland — Miss Little. From San
Jose — Miss Reans. From Taylor, Tex. — D. G.
Woodward. Mies 'Woodward. From Arizona —
D. G. Woodward Jr. From Allentown, Pa. —
H. C. Lilly. H. L. Mohr. From Oakland — A.
M. Eallnger. From Berkeley — L. F. Hampton.
From Sequoia — J. L. Crocker. ¦ ' From Chlco —
L. Graves, L. Earle. From San Francisco —
A. J. Briggs, B. L. Waterhouse. From Bar
ton, Mass. — Mrs. A. F. Allen. From Pacific
Grove — Mrs. F. E. Phlllrlck. From Chlco — L.
M. Graves. United States navy — F. G. Abe
ken. From Alameda — G. F. 'Wright. From
Wright — Cedric Wright. From Concord, N.
H. — Dr. and Mrs. C. -P. Bancroft. From Cen
tei-vllh" — A. H. Powers. From Alameda—
Miss M. H. McLean, J. P. McLean.
AT LTTTON SPRINGS: From San Fran
clhco — Edgar Magnln, Mr. and Mrs. M. Butler,
Mr. and Mrs. U. Steinberg, E. E. Peabody
and wife, D. B. Merchants and wife. George
Bird. J. C. McClure. Carl Walther. Lee
Frankel. J. E. Gardner, Mrs. J. G. Fraser,
George McMullln. Mrs. C. B. Chelton. Fred
N. Lasell. Dr. H. G. Richards and wife, S. S.
Milton Jr. and wife, Mrs. M. S. Rosenthal,
Mis s Adele Rosenthal, Miss Marian Rosen
thai. C. J. Haggins and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
William Lichtenberg, Miss Llchtenberg, Miss
Helen Llchtenberg, Master Edward Llchten
berg, Miss Anna Petersen, Mr. and Mrs. G.
B. Ferguson, Miss J. Stamper. Miss Mary
O'Connell. Charles Nelson. Mr. and Mrs. Ellas
Kofmann, Miss Alma Hofmann, Harold Hof
mann, Leonard Hofmann, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Klrschner. Miss Dora Klrschner. From Ijfi
ford University— Harry W. Bell, Cyril F. SI
well. Will L. Livernash, toervin u. oil\cr
steln. From Healdsburg — Saul H. Goldstein,
J. L. Hassett. Melville Rosenberg. Miss Myrtle
Rosenberg. From Chicago — Professor Bernard
Walther. From London, England — G. R. Wil
son. From New York— Mrs. E. W. Maland.
From Berkeley — Miss Hannah Widlund. From
Santa Rosa — Ross Campbell. Mrs. Roes Camp
bell. From Oakland— Mrs. Paul Seller. Miss
Hazel Seller, Miss Annetta V. Collins. From
Petaluma — W. J. Cooney. From Alameda —
Mrs. A. H. Smith, Mrs. Schloss, . Miss Ruby
Schloss, Mrs. Mandasln.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS : From San Fran
cisco — Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Campbell, Mr. and
Mrs. E. C. Salesberry and baby. A, J. Bran
agan J. M. Sullivan, J C. Eubanks, J. M.
Einstein. H. Record. J". S. Adams. C. G.
Simpson. Fred R. Drlnkhouse and wife, George
D. Shadbume Jr. From Pasadena — H. L.
Story and wife, J. E. Story. From Chicago —
Mrs. L. S. Rlpley. From Honolulu — Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. McClanahan. From Santa Rosa —
Judge J. A. • Barham From Alameda — Mr.
and Mrs J. D. Gove, G. M. Agulra. From
Vacaville— Mrs. E. P. Buckingham. From
Ashland— T. W. Stephens. From Holllster— T.
W. Hawkins. From Sisson — Mr. and Mrs. Ar
nett. From Plcard — W. L. Crume.
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — E. J. Regan, Mrs A. M. Regan, H. II .
Claneet and son. W. W. Grtsson E. A. Wil
liams. John Jensen, J. J. Havlslde, W. F.
Hess. Howell Baker, A. W. Melgs. Mrs. J. C.
Craft, Charles P. Hurley. H. T. Huff, Mrs. T.
Cuenln and three children. J. R. Klrshner,
Mrs. J. P. O'Brien. Mrs. L. Herlnghl; Mrs.
J C. King. Miss Kathleen F. Sullivan. Miss
Relda M. Ford. Miss Ethel B* Clarke, Miss B.
F. Clarke, J. B. McMath. Mrs. Tirey L. Ford,
Lewis Ford, Tirey L. Ford Jr. From Sacra
mento — John Claus, Miss B. A- Fransom. From
Oakland-vMrs. J. P. Maxwell and child. F. W.
Schutz and wife. Lep Levy, Seth Milthorp.
Charles Larson: C. M. Rosenberg, wife and
family. From Pasadena — Dr. and Mrs. A. Fen
ges. From . Honolulu — H. A. Fransom. From
Cottonwood— Mrs. G. M. Null. From Marvsvllle
— Mies Mayme A. Kelly, Miss Winnie Carlln.
From Witter— W. P. Rusk. From Uklah — J.
O. Eldred. From Lakeport — L. A. Pedrazzlnl,
Mack Mathews.
Mrs. P. G. Dunkan, Harry Block, I. S. Rosen
baum, Pauline Einstein. Mrs. William Martin.
Miss Alice M. Martin, Ethel Dorn, Mrs. Mary
Lucky and children. Mrs. E. KohlberK and
family, Robert Doak, Miss Agnes Bode, C.
Sawera, Otto H. Greenwald, Sir Henry ¦ Hey
jnan. H. Field. From Oakland — Mrs. W. Noon
hnd daughter Julius Abraham&on and wife.
Miss Mathilda Abrahamson, Mrs. L. M. Hays,
N. Rosenbaum, N. Rosenbery, Miss Jennie
Rosenbery, Mrs. A. Sellgman. From Salinas —
Elmer Blngeman, Mrs. P. Iverson, Miss Effle
Iverson. S. A. Hauser, N. Nlckelson, J. J.
Connor, C. Dorn. From Santa Cruz — J. A.
Horne, Christian Hoffman, Mrs. C. Hoffman.
From New Orleans — V. M . Hirsch. From
Watsonville — Miss Loretta Kelly, Mlsa Lenore
Kelly, P. J. Thompson, Mrs. P. J. Thompson.
J. B. Cronk. From Castroville — Miss Ella and
Miss Lilly Walsh. From Soledad— John L.
Mathews, Grace Wldeman, E. Mayors, M. D. ;
George Mason, W. Ohra. J. Erlckson, Mrs.
Captain Erlckson, H. Arent. From Monterey —
A. Hosbrouch, J. L. Hartez.
The summer days are luring thou
sands to the ocean's strand and other
thousands to leafy mountain dells and
nooks, for ihe vacation days are upon
us, and the hesira to the resorts Is in
full swing.
HOTEL DEL MONTE: From San Fran
cisco—Mr, and Mra. J. P. Cooper. Mr. and
Mrs. £. Breslauer. A. D. Shepard, E. J.
Molera. Arch Deacon Emery and Miss Emery.
Mr. and Mrs. John Garber. Berkeley; Mr. and
Mrs H. Helse. New York: Mr. and Mrs. A. J.
fcaiinuz and family. Chicago: D. J. Gutman.
Cincinnati; Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Jones and
child. Louisville, Ky.; Mr. and Mrs. W. R-
Johnstcn. Mr. «nd Mrs. B. Schiey, Gratis
Ooller. Mr and Mrs. C W. Palmer, F. IL
Painwr. New York; R. Mertens. George D.
Chase. Mr. and Mrs. T. WllkftiBon Tetley. H.
A. Kunsaker Mr. and Mrs. 'Francis Klein.
San Francisco; Mrs. G. H. Howard, San Mateo;
John S. Stower, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. J.
Aron, New Orleans; Mrs. Conrad Pohlman,
Petaluma; Miss Julia Garber, Berkeley: Miss
Mabel Haven. O*Jcland; F. F. Merrill, Massa
chusetts: W. C. Tbornbarron. England: L.
Vo6*l«teln. Mr. and Mrs. Bayard Cutting Jr.
and family. New York; Jaul von NeindoS. Mr.
and Mrs. Clarence C. McCrary. Ban Francisco;
Mr*. D«xter Belknap. Loulnille; Martin J.
Duna, Miss Leonard. Berkeley: Mrs. O. Hale,
Miss Hale, £an Jorv; Mrs. J. D. Eastman.
Berkeley; Mrs. 6. McDougal. Indlaaa; Mrs.
G&rdeacr, Ohio.
AT MARK WEST SPRING6: Prom Ban
Francisco— Mr. and Mrs. Cahen; Mrs. HanaJu,
chUfiren and nurse; Mrs. Frankenburg. Milton
Frackecburg. Gilbert Frankenburg. Dr. Miles
Taylor. Frances W. Taylor; Miss A. L. Arper,
Mrs. B Woolfe. Mrs. M. Windt, Oeorg* Mon
nter. Mr». J. H. 6a.umlc, John Cogswell Sau
nilc J. P. Chamberlin. Norman B. L*vennor«,
Charles Pett, H. Deirks. W. D. Johnson. Miss
Cosad, Mrs ResencrtiiU. Pauline Rosencrantz,
MrsTOeorg* Seellr. Ruth Seellg, M. Rosenfeld.
Mra. Herman Klener, Ethel Kisser. Misa Mat
tie LivTmere, Miss Veblf McDonald. Mrs.
Anna Home. W. J. Horne, Mr. BeutUer. Mrs.
Ueuttler, R. A. BeutUer. William Beuttler,
Ben Uansen, Louts F. Hansen. Miss Wllma
Edsen. Mr. Hanekamp. Mrs. Hanekamp, Har
ry Haaekarap Mrs. M. Frese, Wllda Freee,
Mrs H. Wilker. Elsia Wilker. Willie Wllker,
Willie Foeberg. O. P. Fuller, Charles Michell,
R. H. Vairet, Mrs. Valret, R. H. Valret Jr.,
Mr. McMahon. H. Davidson. Mrs. H. Davld-
Fcr., Mr. Jacobs, Mrs. Jacobs, Mrs. Kaiser.
Mrs. Holts, Mrs. Hosenth&l and family. Mr.
Waskcwskl, Mrs. Wankowski, J. Isaacson, Ar
thur Isaacson, Leon Isaacson, Mr. Scharlach.
AT DUNCAN'S SPRINGS: From San Frtn
cisco— Fred Kruger and wife, Joseph Marks
and wife. Miss Mildred Ward. M. Welner and
wlfa Mrs. Byicu Miuiy. Charles Mauiy, Miss
Mfcj-ione Mauzy. Mrs. H. H. Young, Martin
Noone. Mrs. W. B. Waycott, Mr. and Mrs. H.
B. Nibbe, Mrs M E. Shaw, Miss Ida Shaw,
Mrs. F. W. HubBch, Mrs. C. B. Poar and
eaarhter Mrs. R. B. HoUingsworth. Miss Ha
ni Holliagsworth. L. Cantel. Miss Ceclle Bal
ney, Mrs. George Hufschmidt. Miss Elvira
Hufschmldt. Mrs. Virginia Arnold. Miss May
Arnold. Mrs B. Markewltz. Miss J. Hoch
heimer David Stapleton. Mr*. Jane A. Pratt,
Miss Clara E. Pratt, Mrs. L. Hortoa. Mrs. J.
A. Haves, Mrs. J. H. Beresford, Mrs. E. Noble,
Mrs H Hubbard. Mrs. W. J. Coey. Miss Ma
bel Coey. Charles H. Coey, Ralph N. Hub
hax-d, Milton Heyneman, Mrs. Milton
lif; :.'. rr.ar., Jack Heyneman, Miss Helen
Hej-neman, R. N. Graves and wife, Mrs.
«\ H. Strolher. E. B. Blood. A. Irvine, F. O.
LUHcnberg, Miss Lysle Hubsch, Miss Doris
Hubsch. W. W. Gill and wife, Miss Alexander,
Miss Rae Alexander. Miss Bertha Hansen.
Miss Rae Meyer. From Santa Rosa — J. H.
Thomas, J. C. Kinslow, Leon de Cavasso. From,
Talmage — Miss M. Campion. From Sebastopol
— Halph Pitt. Fraln Ballard. From Uklah — C
U, Ros*. J. E. Holliday. From Woodland —
Albert G. Morrison. From Berkeley — P. Ma
heney, W. H. Bone. From Petaluma — L. Can
lei and wife. Louie Cantel, M. Matter.
AT HOTEL DEL CA2ADER0: From San
Francisco — Charles Stacker!. T. B. Hoth. Mrs.
C. N. Jackson. Ml^s E. N. Jackson, Dr. Ogden
and wife, E. Janikee and ann. T. J. Turney.
J. C. Choynskl. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Behrenkt,
E. Woodruff and wlxe. J. H. Wolf, J. P.
Rodrers, H. Fullener. A. A. Tymomeyer. Mrs.
K. Sommers. Mr. a,nd Mrs. H. M. Sherman,
Henry Hellenbeck, J. E. Baker. C. N. Jackson,
Mis? Gladys Pearne, Professor Meyer. Mrs.
T. J. Turney. Colonel Herbert Choynskl, F.
J. Annean. A. A. Metcheell. Ernce and Arthur
Behrendt. Mrs. E. Graves A. M. Wheeler. F. M
Sordini. G. C. Simmons, Mrs. E. G. Laventhal,
M. G. Doody. G. WormBer, John Kilm, E. F.
Hatheway. Mildred King, Mrs. J. N. Marshall,
E. S. Kruggles Jr., William McCarthy and
wife. Mrs. Edwin Carson, Ogden Hoffman,
Bonnie Newman, Annie Llnoberg, E. E. Kelly,
Mies L. Kainer and mother, D. H. McHaven.
K. A. Blenel and wife, Maurice Sella, John
P. Haven. Marguerite and Vida Tourny,
Prince E. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. John Ferris
E. F. Ring and wife, Mrs. F. Kimball, Anna
and Grace Marschalt, Ernest Rochat Jr.", Miss
H. McCarthy. Mrs. G. Mabury. Mr. Tower. D.
R. Newman and wife. Lester Newman^ William
Franroni, George Miller and wife. Max H.
Orenburg. E. F. Fisk. James J. Morgan and
wife. Captain William Olsen, Mrs. George
Tourny. W. A. Dayton, Alma Campbell Mis*
V. Lundqulst. Mrs. G. F. Ruddock, Frank E.
Oloehan, J. J. Frederick, Estelle and Ruth
Kuddock, Mies Grace Thompson, T. J. Duncan,
J. B. Baltimore.
AT SEIGLER'S SPRINGS: From San
FraneSsco — William Wright, J. Thornagle, Mlsa
M. Downes. Misa S. I. Cullen. Henry Goetjen
end wife, Mrs. J. Michaels. Miss Rita Mich
s.els, H. H. Welsh, George F. Lynch. Edward
Yocke. Qus Danielson, J. J. Wallace, Wil
liam McCafferty, William J. Young. Tom Fay,
Mrs. Fred Prall. Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Smith,
Tallant Smith. Miss Mand Wilson. Mrs. Car
rie Wilson. Mrs. George Small. Mrs. George
B. Wilbur. P. Delucchi. A. Jambron, S. L.
Mead and wife^ E. -J. Martin. P. Derania,
Frank Valleno, Mrs. S. J. Mitchell, Sargeant
L. £haw and eon, Walter Ebaw, Earn Rosen
hlum, Mrs. J. F. McOough, Mr*. J. Buckley,
Mr. and Mrs. Dave Crowley and wife, Jack
Crowley, Mis* J. Crowley, J. A. Sorensen and
family. Miss Zoe Levlcy. L. C Larsen and
family. Miss Ethel Levlcy, W. J. Kennedy,
Dr. N. D. Boyes, Miss H. Maeson. Will R.
Fmlth, William A. Burnes and wife, Henry
Donohue. Mrs. W. J. Evans and family. Jack
McCarthy. Charles Welsel and wife, E. J.
StefTens aad wife, W. G. Morrison. L. M.
Tyron. Charles Walden and family, H. F.
Suhr and wife, Mrs. L. Meyerhoffer, H. L.
Moore. Dr. Schne!l. Jack Owens..- W. J. Bau
ir.an aad ¦wife, A. C. Fulton, James Symon,
15wald J. Schneider and boo, Roy Hughes,
Captain E. J. Blmpeon, Miss Ida Leroy, Miss
Eva Stacy. William J. Edmonds and family,
Fred Jansen. Dick McCormlck. From Oak
land—Miss S. Cullen, Mrs. V. Hopper,
I. L. Cavakso and wife, C. J. Bell,
Mrs. Watson. Frtyn Sacramento— L. B.
Moore. James E. Sweeny. From Santa Rosa —
Leon Cavafso. Mr. anil Mrs. Leonard, James
Klttard and family. From Vallejo — Fannie
Fayhe and son.
AT GILROY HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Dan O'Callaghan and wife. Miss M.
O'Callaghan. M. C. Baker. C. W. Vendeely
anJ wife. Alfred Rubins, Mrs. Alary Ueckman,
Mr^. Carrie Blaklston. J. D. Pinder, Henry
Zimmerman, George Wetmore. R. W. Kgan
and wife, Joeeph A. Edwards, H. E. Williams.
Herbert V. Ready, M. Phillips, Harry Bloom.
Roy T. Kimball. T. Clifford. C. Barnard.
George W. Ashly. W. O. Heed. W. P. Carlson.
Mrt. H. L. Wenle, C. C. Caley, Thomas J.
Duncan, Miss Blanche Brandt, Miss Helen
Haley. J. J. Muller, T. E Khipp. R. D. Ben
bley. E. L. Walker and wife. F. D. Connelly,
V. G. Herbert. Mrs. Arthur Clow. Miss Emma
Clow. Mlsg L«ura Dlxon, W. G. Brenmen,
Mr>. Julia Burke, W. C. Marshall, Frank J.
Brown and wife. J. S. Hatch, Miss Marion
Fisher. Robert W. Thompson, W. O. Adams,
B. K. Sansom. C. D. Williams, C L. Frank.
Walter Brush. F. Thomas. From Oakland —
Thomas B. Hanley. From Salinas — Dr. J. B.
Scott. From King City — John W. Besse. l-'"rom
Csr.tarvllle — Frank Pereira. From Newark —
Tony C. Sllva. From Gllroy — Jack Clark, Miss
Marie Clark, Dean Divine, Miss May Divine.
From Pacific Grove — A. M.' Trenwlth and wife.
Miss Phyllis Hayden. From Vallejo— John A.
Innea, A. L. Sperry. From San Jose — Mrs. J.
C. Byron, Mrs. A. Meeker. A. F. Garat. C. A.
Theis«n. C E. Donovan. From Santa Clara, —
W. W. Guerin. From Berkeley — Miss Lutio
Watson. From Stockton — Miss Maud Barron.
From Petaluma — Jack D. Cravan. From Salt
Lake City — F. H. Shlrek. From FTesno— Mrs.
R. H. Maklns, Mrs. James Morrison. From
Woodland — J. B. W«ldon.
AT NAPA SODA SPRINGS: From Ban
Francisco — Charles Berwln, wife and family;
C. R. McN'ulty, Louise Gets, Louis Getz, Lil
lian Gets. Ed Kelly. Mrs. R. D. Clark. Mrs.
Julius Bowen, Miss Courtney de Colmesmll.
Miss Anna de Colmesmll, Mrs. G. W. Manuel,
Mrs. M. 8. Shafter. Miss H. J. Shaffer. Com
modore Shaw and wife, G. M. Shaw Jr.. Ed
Walters. H. L. Martin and wife. Miss Nellie
McMurray, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hamilton,
Miss Tay. Mrs. Klngsley. Mies Bessie Hler
llhy, Mrs. W. J. Byers. W. J. Byers. Georf*
Walters and wife, Roscoe Harrington. Mlfis
F. Mead, M. M. Regensberger, the Misses
Blanche and Helen Regensberger. Mr. and Mrs.
M. Rosenshine, Master Munroe Rosenshine,
Miss Edna Rosenshlna, Munroe Rosenshine,
Mrs. M. Kosenthal. Mrs. L. Saronl, Miss Cora
Saronl. Alfred Saroni. M. Relss, I* Relss and
wife, Mrs. G. O. Rathbone, Mrs. George Alex
ander, A. Strauss. Mr. and Mrs. R. Relnhart,
Mrs. S. A. Magnes. Mi*s Muriel Wiley. Mrs.
H.VQoldman. Mrs. S. M. Cooper.- Miss Ethel
Cooper. Master Albert Cooper. Herbert C.
Levy; H. Goldstone, wife and children: J. W.
Aubanka Raymond Jackson. Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. Jackson. John P. Jackson. Ralph Plncus,
Mrs. N. Adler, Helen Adler, Miss Hahn, Mrs.
F. Cawalsky. Mrs. E. Gulttard. Miss Adrienne
Gulttard, Miss Beatrice Gulttard, J. Leland
Guittard Mrs, O. Hoffman. Mrs. Julius Jacobs,
Miss Adella Adler. Sam Simon. Mr. and Mrs.
E. G. Nolan. F. J Mish and wife. Miss Rose
bud Mlsh, Miss Florence Mish, Mrs. W. J.
Dlnwoody. Mr. and "Mrs. F. G. Noyes. Mr. and
Mrs. Watkln. Matilde Nathan. Carolyn Na
than A. L. Peyser and wife and family^ tho
Misses Dorothy and Ruth Peyser. Max Relss,
Herbert Levy, William Schmaltz. Mrs. J. Gold
stone, John F. Clute. Mr. and Mrs. Gerson.
Mrs. E. Friedman. Joseph Raspelter. Mrs. J.
R. Raspelter. Josephine Raspelter, J. M.
Palmer C. E. Myers Mrs. E. P. Danforth,
Miss Danforth Miss Magner. Miss Sarah Mag.
ner. J. A. Hailiday. ,J. M. Fink. H. A. Pat
ton. W. C. Hank. H. A. Graves. G. F. Deeney,
F B Jones. D. H. Saeger. M. Dock. H. U.
Brown. Porter Bliss, J. A. Brown, Henry F.
Gorman. A. E. Brlggs. M. L. Eupheat, Mrs.
L. Eupheat. Ludle Nathan. Mrs. Eva Porter.
Dr. and Mrs. E. M. Porter, W. L. Kreutz.
Ernestine Porter. M. J. Connor. Jack Oold-
Etone Mrs II. Mosher, Mrs. George H. Myers,
C. M. Moore and wife, D. L. Barr. Frank
Hartley, F. H Coy. C. H. Douglas. Mr. and
Mrs B, J. Barton. .Mrs. E. Hough ton. Mrs.
Irving C Bachman and child. Mrs. Henry W.
Rothschild. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Weeden. E.
Teutch. Joseph Hunter. George Beck and wife,
D W. Staiey. Mrs. M. L. Hurst. Miss Anna
Berrls J A. Bulicker, J. W. Simpson. C. H.
Ppear. W H. Berlin, H. Newbauer. J. Well,
A. E. Kanaka, Miss Moore, Miss Moody,
Charles Sonntagg Miss Wooster, Miss Nana
Downey Miss Mather. Miss Bush. Mrs. C. H.
Raymond Frank P. Dowe and wife, Mrs. Anna
Jackson, Colonel and Mrs. Lewis J. Goldman.
Sanford Newbauer. William Newbauer. P.
Hartmann. Charles Brewster. George R. Eaton.
James McManus and wife. A. W. Foulk. Viola
Hayes Mr and Mrs. Ellendahl. E. Barker.
From Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. Germain. Mr.
and Mrs. E. Bliss. Louis Arata, George A.
Brown E. C. Hulbert, C. Reynolds. J. S.
Hussey. Mrs Richardson, Mrs. Joseph Hayes,
M!«s Marie McDonald. Mrs. Pugh, Karl Nichol.
Ruth Nichol Gertrude Whitstone, Percy Ray
mond. Mrs. Kelsey and son. Mrs. P. Becker,
Miss Lucy Priber.
AT SOLID COMFORT HOME, Napa County:
From San Francisco— A. Kremer, Mrs. Fllmer
and daughter, Mrs. F. Borgel. Miss Elsie Bor
gel C. Borgel. Mrs. E. Spannagel, Misa E.
Spannarel, Miss F. Spannagel, Miss H. Span
nagel. Mrs. P. Buck. W. Kaufman. Mrs. A.
M. Skivington, Henry Marguard. J. Borgel.
From Alameda — Mrs. C. E. Bain and children.
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Arnold, Miss Gertrude
Arnold, Miss Laura Arnold, C. E. Bain. From
Oakland— Mrs. G. Folte, A. Folte. From Val
lejo J. J. Donohue, Mrs. J. J. Dononue, Willie
Donobue, Raymond Donohue.
AT HOTEL L.YXDON: From San Fran
cisco — J. A. Rothschild, Mre. M. B. Paddock.
Clarence M. Smith. Harry P. Thomas and
wife. Mrs. C. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. F. Chester,
F. H. Jost, Mr. and Mr». Hyme Jacobs, nurse
and child; E. W. Hulford, P. de la Montanya.
Mrs James Fogarty, Miss N. T. Fogarty, Miss
Boukafsky. Bert Barrett, W. C. Frahm and
wife, L. R. Smith and wife. From Oakland —
Maude E. Hollenbark. Edward Barry. Mrs. J.
C. Fossing, Mien Eva May Foesing, Miss
Hazel Fossing, H. G. Thompson, M. K. Miller,
James de Rake, Miss Jane D. Rawllngp. Miss
Mary S. Barker. Dr. and Mrs. Guy H. Llllen
crantz, F. M. Campbell and wife. From Ala
meda — Miss Beatrice Mabury. Miss Emily
Brown, Miss Florence Brown, J. O. Spence,
Claude Pollard. R. G. Russell. E. J. Dodge. »
AT PABAISO SPRINGS: From San Fran
eleco—A. W. Blow, Mrs. E. J. Breen. R.
Rayne Jr.; J. E. Breen. A. J. Cleary, Jenne
Levlson, J. F. Kelly, Margaret Howard P.
Claudlns. Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Burnett, Jennie
C. Dunphy, Mr. and Mrs. James Conlln, John
W. Smith. M. Lange and wife, C. S. Bochinp
M. O. Gowswell. Fred G. Plumme. J. S. Miy
Cormlck, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Fay, Budford Fay
Ella Shroeder, William Shroeder, Mr. and
AT THE GEYSERS: From San Francisco —
James N. Thane, J. E. Pamplln and wife. Mrs.
Etta Coleman, Byron Coleman. 'Ada Peacock,
Nettie Hlrschfeld. Walter H. Sullivan. Otto
Bueren, C. Heuser, Ed J. Wales and wife,
Anita Wales. Harold Wales, Miss Florence
Barr, John Bernhard and . wife. Hazel M.
Bernhard, Veryl E. Bernhard. Lyla T. Bern
hard.' A. E. Hargrave. Mr. Lane and wife.
Mr. and Mrs. H. L.Van Wyck. Miss G. Van
Wyck, A. Hamburger. E. E. Peabody and
wife, B. D. : Merchant and wife, George Bird.
Donald Y. Campbell . and wife. I. Blgnottl.
Miss Bums-, W. A. Crocker and wife, J. I*
Marvin, Mrs. A. H. Lochbaum Jr., Walter
Lochbaum Jr.. Mi*. G. W. Oetzel. Ella Brlck
wedel, Harold -Meyer, George W. Duff and
• wife.' Agnes Rlordan, Florence L. Rlordan. J.
J. - Hyland, wife and child. '• Charles . R. Haw
thorne and wife and Lucy M. Hawthorne. From
Socrates mine — Mr. and Mrs. E. - ; J. Slmmonds,
Miss" Margaret Dennlson, " ¦ John W. f Geary,
James 8. Mullen," Alice Treanor, Edith Cutter.
From Alameda— George Rommel, wife and
child. From La Junta— F. D. Wood.-- From
Stanford ¦ University — Miss • Beatrice Lessey.
From Santa Cruz — John F. Wllkerson. , From
ABtl — Antonl J. Zahzt, A. Denl and A. Pu
c^rldlo. From Oakland— G. Ellis de Golla and
W. W. Davis. From Berkeley— Captain J. R.
Oakley. • Fronr'Healdsburg — Frank Hazen and
wife. Dr. H. B. Crocker and ¦ wife. From
Clcverdale — S. A. Buchanan. Etta F.. Dehay,
Alice Dehay and Wendell Dehay.
AT THE VALLEJO WHITE SULPHUR
SPRINGS: From San Franeisco — Mrs. ! Sol
Greenhood, Miss Rhoda Greenhood, Mrs. D. M.
Salomon, Irma Salomon, Amanda Salomon;
Helen Kornfleld, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Huf
schmidt, Walter Hufschmldt, T. E. Ruddlck,
Mrs. T. E. Ruddick. Charles Llndman, G. Pe
terson, William Qulllman, Herman Landa, N.
E. Nixon. Mrs. James Keenan, Mrs. Mary
Lewis, Mrs. J. J. Morgan, Miss Florence
Lynch, Mr. and Mrs.' J. Estrem, A. F. Moore
Austin Ellis. Mrs. F. G. Aegall. Mrs. R.
Franks, Mrs. Nellie Price, Harry Billings,
Robert Murden, Mrs. Prill, J. W. Bolln. Miss
A. Asplund, Joe Simon, W. E. Johnnson, Mrs.
A. E. Hale, L. Markwltz. F. H. Maloney, Mrs.
Brcsanhan. Mr. and Mrs. C. Klopstock, Miss
Tess E. Klopstock, Miss Mabel Peters. Miss
Frances Roderick, John II. Brophy. Mrs. J.
Brophy. W. Prudorff. From Berkeley — Mr. and
Mru. A. Chalrta 'and family, J. A. Hellman,
Mrs. Emma G. Abble. From Los Angeles^ — Mr.
and Mrs. A. J. Ross. From Vallejo— William
Martin, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Walsh. 'Morgan
Jones, Charles Manerke, Harry Fitzgerald, J.
F. O'Malley, William Carpenter, J. T. O*Mal
ley, Mrs. M. Dturns and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Green. Miss Inez Farmer.' Miss Hazel Denlo,
Ben Dllveria, H. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. W. K.
Gedge, Miss Susie Gedge, Johnaton Gedge, Mr.v
and Mrs. Koch and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Rondy and family, Mr. and Mrs. Cooper and
family.
AT OCCIDENTAL HOTEL: From San
Francisco — Miss Grace A. Robinson, Mr. and
Mrs. Czerunsky, Mrs. A. H. Bosrtlck. Mrs. J.
A. Nelll, W. S. Rayer, Mrs. J. Paul, Miss
Martha L. Johnson, Mrs. L. M. Johnson, Mrs.
E. C. Alexander, Leo Alexander. ! Miss Emma
Riviera, Mrs. W. C. Trownsell, William
Trownsell. From Alvarado — Miss Mildred II.
Nanert. From San Jose — E. T. Blake, G. D.
Bradford. From Salinas — S. L. Wright. From
El Paso, Tex.— H. S. Snell, H. T. Leonard.
From Portland, Ore. — G. F. Clark. From New
York City— Louis H. Gebhardt. From Butte.
Mont. — Milan Tollovlch. From Boston — James
F.- Hastings, Heriry C. Lloyd, J. T. Douglass,
From Toronto, Canada — C. D. Hamilton. From
Oakland — W. H. Broughton, wife and chil
dren; E. F. Hallett. From Lyons. France —
C. A. Devereaux, Achilles Polns. From Wash
ington. D. C— Alexander Faxon. From Ashe
vllle, N. C. — Joseph S. Nettleton. From Provi
dence, R. I. — Julius Sinclair. From Liverpool,
England — Rufus T. Clements.
AT HOTEL BEN LOMOND: From San
Francisco— W. A, Tough. Mrs. S. A. Lichten
steln, Melvin Lichtensteln, James Gartland,
H M. Watson, A. Golberg, A. Alper, O. J.
Bcyfups. A. Beth, B. Berger. Miss H. G.
Strauss,* Miss Mae Strauss, Miss B. Strauss,
Miss E. M. Drury, Miss S. Oppenheimer, Mis*
P. Leszynsky. Jllss J. Leszynsky, Miss Ray
Splro. J. F. Cutshall. B. B. Butts. Mrs. Julius
Abrams. Miss M. Zucker, L. N. Tyon, Mr.
and Mrs. Clarence M. Mann, Miss Eleanor
Mann, Mr. and Mrs. W. Furst, Mr. and Mrs.
I. Kenier, Mr. and Mrs. S. Splro, C. Levin,
Mr. and Mrs. Kennedy. From Santa Cruz —
Miss Amy Morgan, Eddie Morgan, Mrs. J.
Dlelmann, G. B. Lincoln, J. S. Bowman.
From Pleaeanton — Miss Barbara Davis. From
San Jose — A. Alexander, J. L. Buell. A. J.
Bond. From Berkeley — M. L. Gilbert. Mlsa J.
L. Gilbert, Miss C. P. Gilbert. Miss A. E.
Earle, H. Newmark. Miss Amelia Newmark.
From Oakland— J. Petty and wife, Mrs. G. F.
Henshaw, Mrs. H. Furst, Miss M. Furst, Mrs.
Abramson.
AT SW ANTON HOUSE, PESCADERO:
From San Francisco — A. Harris, G. W.
Robinson and wife. O. B. Wood, E. J.
Brown. Nick Marlsch, R. A. Meserole,
Dr. Howard Somers. Herbert Somers, C.
T. Giles, Ed Gundelflnger, J. D. Rug
gles and wife. Paul Herbert. 8. D. Barlow
and wife. S. Dunzign, Mrs. S. Dunzlgn, Mor
timer Lesser. Mrs. G. Brenner, Mervin Bren
ner. Bessie Brenner, Ruth Brenner and nurse.
Henry Mahler George M. Scott, F. G. Schiftes,
Mrs. H. M. Whele. j From Oakland— G. E.
Bailey, C. II. Ruppert. From Berkeley— G.
M. Shalton, John Gribbln, H. N. Miner. From
Santa Cruz — M. Sharp, Bruce Sharp. From
Stanford University — J. M. Harper, H. F.
Blichfeldt, P. Olaen Seffe. From Centerville —
A. Lernhant. wife and three children. From
Sacramento— D. L. Aronson. From San Luis
Oblspo— M. V. Sllva. From Santa Cruz —
Ronald Whltaker, Allan Robertson. From
Menlo Park— F. F. Allen. Mr. and Mrs. Brit
ton. Master Ashton Brltton, nurse and baby.
From Fair Oaks — R. Glrvin. From Santa
Barbara — C. O. Olsen and wife. From Sun
nyside — George Lewis. San Mateo — C. A.
Hawkins. Mrs. . M. M. Howe. Mrs. W. H.
Bull C M. Johnstone. From Mountain View —
A. Vincent, George Levin, G. H. Oakley. From
New York— Mrs. E. Kehoe. Alfred Ford.
AT RIVERSIDE HOTEL— From San Fran
cisco, L. Schoenberg and wife. Miss Irene
Engle, Ed Basthelm, James Smith and wife,
Albert James Smith, A. Stein, Mrs. H. R. Neu
bauer. Ruth Neubauer, Mrs. D. Waterman, R.
EX Cochran. wife and child; J. H. McDonald, V.
E. Perl and wife, A. R. Jacobs, Mrs. S. Bloch.
Miss Sadie Bloch, Miss Stella Bloch, Miss
Helen Bloch, Miss Carrie Jacobs, D. Sachs
and wife. Frcm Denver — Mrs. F. A. Perry,
Master Perry. From Santa Barbara-r-Mlss
Alien M. Colt. From Fresno — Mr. and Mrs.
Webb.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
ciRC<3 — Miss J. Harrigan. Miss A. Harrlgan,
Master F. Harrlgan. Mrs. Harold D. Mitchell.
Miss Grace Mitchell, J. R- Carrick, Mrs. J.
R. Carrick. Dr. C. D. McGettigan, F. B. Zahm.
Mrs. F. B. Zahm. C. C. Moore, Mrs. C. C.
Moore, R. Lloyd. Mrs. N. Sullivan, Mlss^M.
A. Sullivan, R. D. Cranston and wife. From
Napa — A. Van de Lur. From Santa Rosa— J.
B. Moore. From Oakland— Philip S. Carlton.
James Macllee.
AT DEER PARK INN: From San Fran
cisco—Mr, and Mrs. J Gilbert. Mrs. R. Leon,
Richard Atell. Mrs. G« B. . Wolcott, George
B. Wolcott. Mrs Ella Goe T. H. Mead. Mrs,
T. H. Mead. Olive Mead, Mrs. Carpenter, Mr. \
and Mrs. Harry St. Goar Miss Ella Sleper. '
Fred and Charles St. Goar,' the Misses Erna
and Helen St. Goar. From Oakland— Ml«s M.
Sellander. Miss A Bellander, Miss H. L.
Bacon, Alice Cornelia Bacon. From Berkeley —
Mrs. T. F. Andrews. Frank- D. Andrews. From
Sacramento — Mrs Hutchlnson. From Co
sumne — Mrs. F. S. Scott, Dorothy Scott, J.
H. Tong. From Riverside — Dr. John Hunkon.
From Wlnnelka, 111. — Mr. and Mrs. Augusta
B. Higglnson. From Evanston, 111. — Professor
George A. Coe ' •
AT MONTE VISTA: From San Francisco—
Philip N. Lillenthal Jr., Theodore M. Lillen
thal. Mrs. Flo Stern, Master Alvln Joseph
Stern. Mrs Fannie Cohen. Mrs. Robert Sher
wood. Mrs Charles McC. Delany, Mlsa Delany,
Miss Anna Sutherland Miss Sutherland. Miss
L. Ray Jacobs, Miss M. E. Mayberry, William
W. Van Valkenburgh. Mrs. W. W. Van Val
kenburgh. Miss M. M. Brown. From Santa
Barbara — Harlelgh Johnston. From Oakland —
Mrs. P. L. Wheeler, Miss Paulina Wheeler,
Miss Katharine Wheeler, Master R. Kirkham
Wheeler. From Cambridge, Mass. — Ralph K-
Safford. From New York— Stanton D. Kirk
ham From San Francisco — Miss M. C. Coo
gan. Miss A. T. Coogan. From Winters, Cal. —
Russell Chamberlain. From Des Molnes, Iowa*
— \jt\\ Heller. From New York — Robert A.
Gregory. From Honolulu. H. T. — Samuel H.
Dowsett. From Palo Alto — Alberta Whlsman.
From San Francisco — Mr. • and Mrs. P. N. Lil
lenthal and maid. From Cincinnati— Mls« Vic
toria Lillenthal.
C. Osborn, Otto Puttkammer, Mies J. B. Short.
Colonel A. Andrews. Luigi Dell Orto and
wife, J. E. Wetmore, G. Seagle. Mrs. J. Daneri.
Miss Josephine Cereghlno. From Oakland — G.
W. Fisher, L. G. Blackburn, T. Rosevear, F.
C. Havens Mrs. F. C. Havens. Mrs. J. C.
Klein. J. C. Klein. Mrs. Wickham Havens,
Mra. F. Wickham Havens, Harold Havens,
W. f. Kelly, Mrs. James A. Smiley, - Mrs.
Claude Waltz. Charles F. Fletter, Wales L.
Palmer. From Stockton— Phil O. Cornell, J.
A. de Voll and wife, J.'F. Peters, Miss Peters,
Chris Peterson, C. G. Gall. From Antloch—
W. W. Belshaw, C* Grassl. From Fresno-
Mrs. Fred Gruing, Mies Minnie Grulng. Mrs.
Truman G. Hart. From Berkeley — Edward B.
Clapp. From Mendota — Judge E* Grulng. From
Selma — T. R. Brewer and wife. E. W. Stevens
and wife. From Lexington— W. T. Hewitt
and wife. From Newman— William E. Bunker
and wife. From San Andreas— Mrs. W. S.
Coulter. From Piedmont— Ed Tritschler. From
La Canada— J. L.Lauterman. From Benicla — O.
Lepper. From Pleasanton — Charles Kapp. From
New Rlalto — William E. Clark. From Eureka
— Hugh Fender. From Vallejo^-Mrs. J. Rose
vear. Jacob Legrant. From Alameda— M. W.
blmpson. From Colllnsvllle — Mr. and Mrs. M.
Callaghan, Miss . Callaghan. From transport
Logan— W./S. Chapman. From United States
navy—w. W. Galbralth. From United States
Naval Hospital — William Keough. From Den
ver — Mr. and Mrs. Alvin Daniels. From Hono
lulu — John Jacobsen. From Liverpool, England
— E. O. Cornish. From West Point— Thomas
W. Jenkins.
AT HOTEL VENDOME. San Jose: From
San Francisco — George W. Phelpa, J. H. Ho
gan, C. L. Newcomb Jr., J. W. Elstun, Mr.
and Mrs. B. Blumcnthal, Miss May Blumen
thai, Anthony Scheuter, 8. O. Hail. W. H.
Pabst and wife, Mark' L. McDonald Jr.. E. B.
Lewlson. Mr. and Mrs. William T. Garratt,
Clarence GUdert, Miss O. C. Ashley. Mrs. A.
E. McCord, Miss Julia S. McCord. Robert C.
Klrkwood. Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Bentley. Mr.
and Mrs. George C Adams. C.-C. Clifford, John
McNaught. Al Jacobs. J. H. Norrls. Mrs. Weli
and child. Mr. and Mrs. K. P. Figel, Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Cooper, Captain W. H. Marston,
R. C. Knight, J. W. Flynn. Henry Gerdes. Mr.
and - Mrs. Irby Knox, Mr. and Mrs. Suddith.
L. -Aaron. Leopold I.' Cahn. Mr. Carter, Jerome
Case - Bull. A. Goldstein. '• H. -, Livingston, • Leo
Weil; Miss Josephine Saalbury. M. T. Heavy.
C. S. ' Quick. 8. L. Samter, Martin H. Weil,
Jake Levy, A. L. Greene, C. T. Holcomb, Mrs.
C. C. Newhall. Miss .T. W. Carter, Mr. and
Mrs. Joe T. Pohelm. M. E. Frank. W. J.
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. -E. L. Hoag, M. D. Brown
and wife,' Romie C. Jacks, Mr. and Mrs Asa
R. Wells, W. A. Morris. J. J. Hoag. A. C.
Kuhn. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Coleman, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Dernham, Miss Dernbam, Master
•Dernham, Mr. and Mrs. J. .H. Marsh, Miss
Gertrude - Joseph, Mr. - and Mrs. - L. P. Lowe.
Bert . Dingley, ; J. W. B. Gould, C. H. Hoffcr.
H.-H. Patterson, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Bartlett,
Mr and Mrs. J. _ H. Marshall, Mr. and Mrs.'
AT LAUREL DELL: From San Francisco-
Kate Jones, Annie Jones. Lily Stewart. Ruby
Smith. W H. Bone. James H. Robinson. S.
H. Homer. Lewie Johnson, Mrs. H. Stevens,
Miss Helen Stevens. Mr and Mrs. Drisco Wil
son. Ray O'Brien. A. R. Baker. R. J. Bent.
T.* F. Lee. Leon de Cavasso. P. M. Shelly.
L. D. Small. Miss Maggie Curry. W. H. Ellis,
Mrs. H. Cohn, Selma Cohn, Mervyn Cohn.
Charles S. Johnson. Z. B. Johnson, W. W'llkle
and wife, H. G. Cellarius 'and wife, R. E.
Taylor, Isador B. Myers, Charles A. Sauley,
C. Radovan and wife. W. H. Alford I. E. W.
Pioda. . Miss Catherine Thowell. Charles W.
Gebhardt, Mrs. G. Gebhardt. Mtss Eloise Geb
hardt, Leon A. Kutner, George E. Amea and
wife. Miss Helen, Clark, E. S. Burdick. Mrs.
J. C. Jurgcns. Miss Irene Rademaker, Mrs S.
F. Earl, A. J. Griffith. James A- Watts, Wil
liam McCarthy. Thomas F. Dunn, L. Van and
daughter. Mrs. and Miss de Bow. C. W. *Culin
O. F. Blelllng. Mrs. A. A. Allen. Miss Velma
Crawford, Miss B. Jurgens, Mrs. A. E Kro
enke. A. E. Kroenke. D. B. Kaktor, Miss A.
Faktor. William J. Llnderker. From Berkeley
— C R Morse. Frank L. Argall, Dr. S. D.
Block. H. R. Merrill. Kendall Fellows. Milton
H. Schwartz, Mrs. Lottie M. Haley. Mrs. M.
Mervy. , From Los Angeles— J. I. White and
wife, Mrs. B. M. Bucknell, Miss Maria Has
kell.iMIss Priseilla White, Mr. and Mrs. Ar
ville White. Miss Vita White, Mrs. Bert
Sorensen. Elner E. Clark. Elmer Alberson.
Roy Jackson. F. Anker. H. B. Anderson. From
Sacramento— Mrs W. E. Tadlock. Hester Ad
ams W. D. Anderson, Mrs. E. Anderson, J.
B. Cessna. Henry Scott, Mrs. E. Jansen. R.
H.' Beamer, Mrs. F. McGuy. J. C. Burten."
AT CALIENTE HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— Mrs. C. A. Wagner, son and daugh
ters; Miss Hattle Kelly, Mrs. Brennlng. Amos
Benson, Miss K. Kenny, Dr. and Mrs. M. J.
GUlett. Mrs. D. M. O'Sullivan. Miss Annie
O" Sullivan, John Steinberg, Mrs. Stadeler, N.
Stone, Jacob Levy. R. Teichert, Mrs. Anna L.
Hornsby. C. W. Neal. Mr. and Mrs. M. A.
West, Charles Mitchell and family. Miss M.
Kyne. J. O'Connell. J. W. Welch. Miss Annie
Genazzl, Miss Sophie Grislngher. Harry Lewis.
D. M. Fraser. S. Dumont, Dr. J. R. Long. J.
F. Forster, J. M. Henderson, J. L. M. Wil
liams, Miss A. B. Craig, Mlsa Lillian Craig.
Robert Craig, P. S. Montague. William G.
Loewe and family. Mrs. Walsh, Mr. and Mrs.
P. J. MeLaughlin. P. J. Kelleher, Miss M.
Lamb. Miss E. Haas, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Souc.
Mrs. Alice Moore, Benjamin Healey and family
C. J. Deterroan, John Marshall, Miss M. l!
Murphy, Joseph S. Ayer, Mrs. T. L. Bender
and son. Dr. and Mrs. C. D. Salfield, James
E. Burke, Ed J. Lawlor. Thomas T. Mulllns
H.. Wllfert S. K. Fitzhugh. J. J. Sldl, J. Li
Sllva, Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Lobree, James
Block, Henry Little. Mrs. A. Elsenberg. "Miss
M. Eisenberg. Mrs. J. H. Firth. From Eureka —
E. G. Kramer. From Sacramento — Mrs. A. Pet
erson, Miss Annie Berg, Mrs. C Iser. From
Indianapolis— Mrs. A. W. Colgan, C. J. Colgan.
From Vallejo— James Marshall. From Benlcla —
W. H. Rulofson. From Berkeley— G. G. Wlck
erson, wife and daughter. From Petaluma —
William Mitchell and family, Mrs. C. Mitchell.
Miss Caroline Myers. From San Rafael — Judge
G. Hayden. From St. Louis. Mo. — George
Wheeler. From Red Rock, A. T. — Wade Ellis.
AT 8ANTA CRUZ BEACH AND TKKT
CITY: From Ban Francisco — N. 8. Mullan
and wife, Mrs. E. A. Powell and son. From
Los Any-elea — G. D. Bailey. From Hon. Job« —
Henry J. Lyon. From'tian Francisco — John
Sufrin, W. Hanrahan. George A. Pope. From
San Jose— Dr. S. U. Wallon, H. J. Martin and
wife. From Gllroy — C M. A. Berrlz. From
Palo Alto — W. H. Milton and family. From
San Jose — M. K. Coalman, E. S. Coalman.
From San Francisco — J. A. Deneen. Mm. L..'
Schmidt, Lilly Schmidt, Lillie Pelletler. From
fan Jose — George S. Shedden. From Oakland
— 11: S. Coleman. From San Francisco — Pop
py Wickham. From San Jose — E. Idelle- Sln
namon. Frcm steamship Albatross — L. M.
Tongue. From San Jose — Anthony Mills.
From Los Gato« — Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Mallory.
From Mount Carmel, Ky. — E. D. Luman.
From San Mateo— W. H. Baxtlett. From Los
Gatos — Mr. and Mrs. J. Curtis. From Louis
ville. Ky. — Mrs. A. C. Button. From Min
neapolis — P. F. Gregory. From Pasadena —
Leon F. Langtre. From San Rafael — T.
Green, R. Cordell. From Kansas City, Mo. —
Mary E. de Mange. From San Joie — Mrs. P.
V. Deidrich, Mies L. Deldrich. From Palo
Alto— Mrs. E. Soule, E. E. Soule, C. E. Eoule.
From Philadelphia— Morton A. Netter, Mr.
and Mrs. H. A. Netter. From San Jose — Mr. !
and Mrs. E. A. Hayes. From Sacramento-
Mrs. J. Whlted, Mrs. F. A. Kelton. Miss Zue
Gerry. Miss M. Christman. From San Fran
cisco — Mrs. F. A. Driscoll. From San Jose —
Mrs. I. B. Reynolds, C. M. Gerald Pierce, Dr.
J. Albert Noble and wife, Joseph Barry, J. J.
BroSman, L. Seellge^ From San Mateo — John
Homer Doane. From San Kranclsco— W. F.
Hunter, George Read, E. M. Hunt. C. Glllla
ple, Mrs. C. Gilllspie. Miss Olive GUUspte. C
M. Gillisple. From Fresno — Frank Rehan,
Mrs. F. Rehan, Ralph Rehan, Helen M. Re
han, H. Edwin Mootz, Mrs. H. Mootz. From
San Jose — Mrs. J. R. Arques. From San
Francisco— Miss M. Hogg. From San Jose-*-
O\ R. Arques. Stanford — O. 8. Glbbs, 8. B.
Pompson. J. C. Powers. From Fresno — Rob
ert G. Barton and wife. From Ban Jose-
George Frank. From San Francisco— Miss S.
Groshon, Miss E. Ellson. From Fresno— W.
J. Vickoy- and wife. From San Joee — L-
Rlchards. From Fresno— Mr. and Mrs. H. A.
Pratt. From Saucallto— Walter H. Field.
From Cincinnati— S. F. Mlhalovltch. From
San Francisco — O. C. Angevine. . From New
i York — George Ray. E. L. Cort. From Mem
phis, Tenn. — E* Hemlet, Robert P. Clapp.
; From San Francisco— 3. Beellger. From Oak
i land— J. E. Martin. From Berkeley— A. J.
Mann. From Watsonville— A. H. Baxter.
From 8an Jose — F. A. Dille, J. McReynolds.
From Denver- — W. L. Dedrick. From 'Kansas
City. Mo.— J. M. Blake. From Oakland— J.
M. Kenncy. From Los Angeles — C. Bricker.
From San Francisco — F. Ferguson. Mver Oass.
Glenn Gass, G. Rasmusson. M. J. BIggy,
From San Jose— A. H. Alllnson. From De
troit, ,Mich.— Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Fox. From
Santa Clara — Clara Flury. From St. Louts —
Erwln Banister, Huzh Lamb. From San
Francisco— J. A. Ulrich, Charles S. Wheeler.
From San Je«e — C. A. Barber. From San
Francisco — Miss Nettle Cobb. Miss Fannie
Cobb. Miss Katherine Slmn. Mrs. 8. K. Sewarrt.
H. E. Dlggle. W. M. Hand. Fred C. Hawes, H.
E. Hawes, Charles S. Beata, Helen Cobb.
From Sausallto— Mrs. M. E. Brockllss. Oliver
M. Brockllss. From San Francisco^ — Mrs. Ja
mieson. From Kansas City, Mo. — D. C.
Shindler. From San Francisco — Miss Emma
Nicolai. From Fruttvale — Dr. Etta Steinegger,
Henry Steinegger and wife. From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. Mary Collln. From City of Mexico
—Mrs. M. A. Pittroff. From Alameda— M. S.
Hovey. From Oakland — Mrs. J. F. McGovern,
Rose McGovern. Mr. and Mrs. B. Kllhan, Miss
E. Kilhan. Mrs. E. Loughery, Mrs. F. Stan
ton. From Reno. Nev. — I. P. Prtngle. From
San Francisco — Sir Henry Heyman. From
Stockton — N. Ella Russell. From Petaluma —
Mrs. Conrad Poehlmann. From Brooklyn N.
Y.— Gratia Goller. From San Francisco— Mrs.
Louise Zazzi. Mrs. R. McMannes. From Grand
Junction, Colo. — A. F. McCabe and wife. From
Los Angeles — Emma Van Congdon. From No
vato—M. E. RohK, Mrs. M. Dutea. M. A.
Phllipp. From Chicago. • 111. — A. D. Bane.
From San Francteco— Clyde Dalton. From Pet
aluma — W. A* Reinholdt. J. E. Petersen. From
Merced — Louia Wegner. From Oakland — M. J.
Henney. From San Francisco — L. Hayman.
From Oakland — Fannie Bowman Hall. From
Reno. Nev.— Mrs. J. H. Smith, L. O. Smith,
Bertha Smith. From Sacramento — M. S.
Wohrhaftlz. From San Francisco — C. C.
O'Donnell, M. D.. Mrs. C. C. O'Don
nell. From Greeley — H. W. Sweeney.
From San Jose — Lilly C Oppenhelmer. Emlle
M Lion. E. C. Jobson, F. S. Granger and wife.
Miss' Florence Granger, Frank S. Granger,
Mrs. E. A. de Lamater, Mrs. Stanley Norrls.
From Buffalo. N. Y. — C. D. Titus. From Los
Gatos — WUlard Lee, G. S. McMurtry. From
San Francisco — Georgia Macpherson. From
Australia — E. R. Kron. From Mllpltas — C. R.
Kennedy. From Lo3 Gatos— Mr. and Mrs. W.
R. Jenks, Misses Jennie and Sarah Jenks.
From San Francisco — Rudolph Engel, H. E.
Floyd. From Palo Alto — Mrs. G. Ostrander,
P. Mogenson and wife. From San Jose — W.
A. Williams. From San Francisco — D. B. Co
hen, Irma Norrls, I. N. Cohen, Mrs. Mary
Bloom. Mrs. I. N. Cohen. J. S. Reed. From
Los Gato»— E. ,E. Howard. From San Fran
cisco — C. S. Kennedy. From Los Angeles — I.
Lltchfield. From Sacramento — Mrs. E. J.
Meyer. Miss Emma Meyer. From San Fran
cisco — Henry Donahue. From Berkeley — A. S.
Penr.oyer, P. G. Pennoyer, C. H. Gongdon.
From Tulare — Perry W. Gorhara. From San
Francisco — R. P. Hollenbeck and wife, V. R.
Dunne. From Oakland — Mrs. A. G. Swain.
From San Francisco — C. Remachel. From New
York, N. Y. — Leo Marksman, David Stark.
From San Francisco — Mrs. M. C. Smithe, Lucy
V. Smithe. From Stanford — C. Roy Edwards.
From Seattle — J. F. White. From Chicago—
J. H. O'Brien. From San Francisco— Mrs. M.
Austin. From Santa Clara— Mrs. ,W. Flenny.
Sea and Woods Call Man and Maid
THE SAN "FRANCISCO' -CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
Continued on Pase 31, Column 1.
AT HOTEX. EL. CARMELO: From San
Francisco — Hanna M. Bally. Elizabeth R.
Betts. Kate J. "Wady, A. P. Temple. Mary E.
Ttllman. Cora K. Thompson. Lucy P. Miller.
Miss McCormtck. O. I* McMahon. F. A. Grif
fin. Harry Murphy. Charles Sp*cht, Mrs. Ross
laws, Miss Pearl I-aws. Jessie Hunter. Mrs
C. J. Blarsdell. Miss Rosalie Hupp E F
Nevin. G. B. Miller. R. A. Shay and wife"
Mrs. T. B. McFarland, Jennte H. McFar!and"
C. H. Balden. William B. Getz. Mlsa Winters'
AT SODA BAT: From Saa Francisco— I*
H. Munson. A. C. Fulton. E. J. Martel. J.
A. Lyman. H. T. McGrath. George Hughes. S.
C. Denaon. George E. Ames. W. H. Altord.
W. J. Martin, M. G. Martin, J. J. M. Martin.
Grace Martin. Walter Mires. H. Diers, Henry
Gcetjen and wife. C. M. Strom*. Mrs. J. C.
Daber, F. L. Turpln, James W. Harris. Franlc
D. Macbeth. R. C, Black. John Thompson.
Walter Loughery. C. A. Stable. G. II. Wilson.
Dr. C. L.. Ziagler. Mrs. Ella Hicks and child.
Mr. and Mrs. P. II. Lacy. Sic Simon and
wife. T. A Goldstein. M. T. Rlegcl. Mrs. E.
T. Langguth. Miss Edna Wlnchell. Miss Lu
die B. Kelly. Mica Margaret Doherty, R. H.
Flnchtseck and wife. Gertrude Thompson, Mrs.
J. A. Magee and daughter. M. Klein. A. J.
Griffith. Thomas F. Dunn. Miss T. Sullivan.
Miss N. Sullivan. William H. G. McCarthy.
James A. Watts. Mrs. T. P. Kelly. Miss k-
Doherty. Mrs. D. F. Langen. Miss Mildred
Lacgen, Isaac Cramer. Eugene T. Rich. B.
A. Sankey Jr.. William H. Miller. David
Ctowley and wife. Miss Jennie Crowley. Jack
McCarthy, Arthur Green. From Slrgler
Springs — Mrs. James McGowan. From Oak
let d — C. G. BelJ. G. W. Blackburn. Mrs. U.
TV. Blackburn. Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Hayrlen.
Miss Hayden. Curtis Hayden. Charley Kutz.
From Menlo Park — J. B. Coryell and wife.
From Woodland— J. Craig and wife. Miss C.
Clow. M. A. Craig. C. B. Craig. R. H. Beamer.
Miss B. Beamer, Joseph Beamer. From Ala
raeda — Mrs. Helen Greenleaf. From Kels«»y
ville — Charles E. Berry. From New Zealand —
D. T. Coular. From Manila. P. I. — C. P. Jaa
man and wife. From Highland Springs — Joha
J. Driscoll.
AT TUSCAN SPRINGS— Happy Jack Blair.
Sacramento; J. C. T. Brown. McCloud; Godt
fred Chrtstoffersen. Oakland; Jere J. Driscolt,
Jchn J. Qulnn, San Francisco; Dr. W. A.
Root. Mr. and Mrs. Sid Eldred. Sacramento;
T. P. Hogan, Oakland; B. J. Kamp. Sacra
mento; J. Kerr. Carlton W. Greene, Harry
Jchnson, San Francisco; Judge E. H. Anten
neth. Sisson; W. I. Dobbins. Mrs. E. A. Dob
bins, Vacaville; Mr. and Mrs. Harry Garrett.
Angels Camp; Mrs. II. Smiley. Los Angeles;
H. Galinsky. Sacramento; M. It. Blades. San
Francisco; G. It. Willard. Oakland: Mr. and
Mrs. Mark Schlussel. Portland; Original Boons
Kppe«pon. W. A. Fish. Red Bluff; William.
Marshall, B. L. Marshall. San Francisco; T.
H. Donnelly. Orovllle; Miss M. de Lancle.
Karry Brooke. San Francisco.
Charles W. Gebhardt. Miss F. Rademaker, E.
S. Benedict. J. L. Cook. Mioa C. Chapman,
Miss A. Hudson. Mrs. G. Dundero. J. Dunne
beck. From Berkeley — Mrs. L. M. Haly. Mrs.
M. Merry- From San Diego — Mrs. L.. IV. New
comb.
30
And all other facial blemishes are iwoioved by
Mrs. Dr. A. W. TRAVERSE, nee LOIS GUAY.
Donohoe building. 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor,
rooms "8-29. with the electric needle: perm-
anency guaranteed : hours 1 to 4 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
KEWMAS_ & JjEVTSSOS.
Kearnj aad Sntter Streets.
Store Ofrens 8:30 A.M.. Closes 5:30 P. M.
LINEN DUSTERS AND DUST CAPES
These are indispensable in the country at this season, for
coolness, comfort and cleanliness :
YOSEMITE DUST CAPES, made of Llnnette, price $1.00
LINEN DUSTERS, made of Mercerised Oxford gray Linen.... $3 .50
LINEN DUSTERS, with three shoulder capes; made of fine ,-f|
linen, specially adapted for this purpose. Price yt. J v
Stamped Shoe Pockets
A new shipment just received, stamped for embroidery
in unique and tasteful designs.
WITH TWO POCKETS 10c
WITH FOUR POCKETS 20c
WITH SIX POCKETS 25c
Ladies' Mocha Gloves
',. Just received a new shipment of these durable, comfortable
and economical gloves. . They are admirably suited for shop-
ping and for street wear. Two-clasp, velvet finish;
colors black, light and dark gray, light and dark ci nn
beaver. Price, per pair S* ' « uu
CLEARANCE SALE OF
Summer NecKwear
Everything in the line of Summer Neckwear has been
marked down and placed on sale at prices that are bound to
insure a speedy and effectual clearance, before the arrival of
new fall styles. Collars, Ties, Stocks, Sets, etc., in Lace,
Lawn, Scrim, Linen and Wash Materials — an endless variety
of handsome and stylish Neckwear. See our show windows
for prices.
Ribbons
We have received a full stock of that popular, all silk,
4-inch wide Taffeta Ribbon, so suitable for neckwear or hat
trimming. We have it in the following shades : Cream, blue,
pink, cardinal, lilac, maize, brown, black, nile, tur- Qfjp
quoise, old rose, etc. Price, per yard ZUU
Seasonable Underwear
For Gentlemen— Balbriggan Shirts and Drawers, extra fine cn
finish and quality, cool and comfortable; price, per garment.. 3UC
For Ladles — Spun Silk Tights, ankle length, colors white, t Cf4
pink, sky and black; price
Pure Silk VESTS, beautifully finished, hand crocheted yokes, +.- - n
colors white, pink and sky; price $Z.OU
Bed Comforters
Even in Midsummer a little extra warmth is welcome at times.
Silkaline covered Comforters, in neat, floral patterns, Ci OC
size 72x72 inches. Price $1»&D
Silkaline covered Comforters, extra quality, size 72x78 Ci Cfl
inches. Price «p 1 .3U
NEW ADVEBTISE2TONT3.
Newbr.cs Herpicide
The OR1OINAL remedy that "kHls the Dandruff denn."
C5OIN&1 GOING*!! GONE!!!
lOfiCOE fill UIE IT. ROficiOS «1U SATE tT. too ulE FM mtXM. ' v» -
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY *«»»«* Wllnc n*lr Newbro •, HerpkWe «.-
•> ¦?? 5tirtl ' <1 - Oa *** tk-. stamp*, to HM?| CK CO, Oept H, Detroit. Hid, far a saaffe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baron's Great Removal Sale.
t % *% (%C%(%
Worth of Ladies 9 Cloaks and Suits Must
Be Sold at, Once*
We have taken possession of the Crescent Cloak and Suit Com-
pany, 1 \S Geary street We must sell every garment at our old stand.
Ladies therefore will have a chance to get goods at their own prices.
Sale will commence next TUESDAY, July the 5th, at 10 o'clock a.m./at
Baron's Cloak and Suit House,
I ?62 Market Street.
Baron Has Taken Possession
1 Of the Crescent Cloak and Suit House, 11? Geary street. Will sell
the entire stock at New York wholesale prices to the retail trade. Sale
I will commence next TUESDAY at 10 o'clock a. m. at
Baron's New Cloak and Suit House,
| Above the Crescent* Corset* Co., 115 Geary Street.Footpads Rob a Japanese.
SAN JOSE, July 2. — I. Harada, a
Japanese laborer, was held up, robbed
and badly .beaten last night by two
unknown men. A woman who was
with the footpads stood by and looked
on.' Harada was robbed of $10. The
man will recover. . .
Despondent Driver Commits Suicide.
REDDING, July 2. — A^olph Stein
egger. the driver of a brewery wagon,
shot himself ln the right temple this
evening. The bullet passed through
his head, lodging under the skin of
the temple on the left side. He died
within a few minutes. He was re
cently discharged from his position at
the brewery and became despondent.
He leaves a wife.
Shot at the Wrong Man.
SALINAS, July 2. — Frank Carver
was arrested to-night for shooting at
Elmer Hochere, a hotel' employe,
whom he mistook for F. Eber, a well
known ball player. The bullet grazed
Hochere'8 ear.
Fifty-Three Years of Married Life.
SANTA ROSA. July 2. — Two hon
ored pioneer residents . of Sonoma
County. Judge and Mrs. E. S. Llppltt
of Petaluma, will celebrate the nfty
thlrd anniversary of their marriage
to-morrow. They will pass the day
quietly with their daughter, Mrs. J.
Homer Fitch of^San Francisco. :
When a man marries for money he
has to work overtime trying to collect
Jlis salary. - '
The receipts ot the Paris metropoli
tan railways in 1903 amounted to $3,
458,165, against $2,152,335 in 1902, several
new lines having been opened during
the year. The numberof tickets issued
T/as 100,107,631, an Increase of 37,984,903
during the year.
Groom's Father Officiates at Wedding.
SAN JOSE, July 2. — Professor L.
S. Kroeck. a member of the faculty
of the University of the Pacific, and
Miss Bertha Graff were married at
the home of the bride's parents on
Thursday evening. The bride is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Graff,
who reside on the Meridian road. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. Mr.
Kroeck, the father of the groom. Mr.
and Mrs. .Kroeck will make their
home at College Park.
DOVER, England, July 2. — Lord
Curzon of Kedleston, Viceroy of India,
was installed to-day as a Lord Warden
of the Cinque ports with all the cus
tomary pictures of the ceremonial.
Dover was elaborately decorated with
flags in honor of the occasion and a
great crowd flocked in town to witness
the quaint and interesting proceedings.
the Cinque Ports.
Larjje Throng Witnesses Installation
of Lord Curzon as Warden of
PICTURESQUE CEREMONY
DRAWS CROWD TO DOVER
WASHINGTON, July 2. — Frank E.
Meyers, formerly post commander of
James A. Garfield Post, Grand Army
of the Republic, of San Francisco, has
been disbarred from practicing be
fore the Interior Department by the
Secretary for obtaining money from
a pensioner c?uriii.< the Graiicl Army
encampment of 1903.
Former Commander of James A. Gar
field Post Disbarred From Prac
ticing Before Department.
SECRETARY OF INTERIOR
PUNISHES GRAND ARMY MAN
SANTA CRUZ, July 2. — The Board
of Trustees appointed two new teach
ers to-day — Charles M. Stetson, for ten
years principal of a grammar school
ln San Diego, to succeed C. J. Du
four, principal of the Mission School,
and George A. Bond, to succeed Allan
Robertson as teacher of English in the
High School. Bond has taught in the
Philippines and in the Santa Barbara
High School. Both teachers are grad
uates of the State University at Berke
ley.
New Teachers Are Appointed.
PORT JERVIS, N. Y., July 2.— Dr.
Rollln H. Burr, a graduate of Yale
and an instructor in the Yale Forestry
School at Milford, Pa., was drowned
in the Delaware River yesterday. He
was canoeing with some boys when
his boat capsized with its three occu
pants. In attempting to save one of
his companions Dr. Burr was drown
ed. His body has not been recovered.
Yale Instructor Drowned While At
tempting to Rescue Boy Com
panion on Camping Trip.
TK1ES TO SAVE HIS PUPIL
AND LOSES HIS OWX LIFE
EAN JOSE, July 2. — There are 204
teachers registered for the summer
session of the State Normal School,
which opened Thursday, and there are
a few more yet to arrive. Last year
the registration was 175. Every coun
ty in the State is represented. There
are also some present from Nevada,
Arizona, Washington and Montana
and one or two of the Eastern States
are represented. President M. E.
Dailey and the rest of the Normal
School faculty are in charge of the
classes.
Summer School for Teachers.
VISALJA, July 2. — Harrison White,
forest supervisor of this district, re
ceived a letter to-day from the de
partment at Washington granting per
mission to establish a trail from Deer
Creek to Fairview over Government
land in this county and giving instruc
tions regarding how the work should
be done. The Deer Creek Fish and
Game Protective Association donated
$300 to pay for the work. The new
trail will reach some of the finest fish
streams in the State.
Government Grants Permission to Es
tablish a Trail From Deer Creek
to Fairvlew.
WH.L OPEN ITTE WAY
TO 1TNE FISH STREAMS
SALINAS. July 2. — Mrs. J. Leslie
fired two shots at her husband last
night when he returned home and an
nounced his Intention of leaving town,
having quit his position in a butcher
shop. Both bullets grazed his face.
Inflicting slight flesh wounds. Leslie
left on the night train for Los Ange
les. Mrs. Leslie is thought to be of
unsound mind and will be examined as
to her sanity.
Shoots and Slightly Wounds Him in
the Face When lie Announces
Intention of Going Away.
SALINAS WOMAN. TRIES
TO KILL HER HUSBAND
WASHINGTON,. July 2.— A board
of officers has been appointed to meet
at the call of the president thereof at
San Francisco for the examination of
such . officers of the quartermaster's
department as may be ordered before
it to determine their fitness for pro
motion. Following Is the detail for
the board: Colonel William S. Pat
ten, assistant quartermaster general;
Major Louis Brechemln, surgeon; Ma
jor Carroll A. Devol, quartermaster;
Major Samuel W. Dunning, assistant
adjutant general, and first lieutenant
John D. Yost, assistant surgeon. The
junior officer of the quartermaster's
department, a member of the board,
will act as recorder. Captain George
McK. Williams is ordered to report
for examination before this board. A
similar board Is appointed to meet at
Vancouver Barracks for the examina
tion of such officers of the signal
corps as are ordered before It for ex
amination for promotion.
Following is the detail of the Van
couver board: Lieutenant Colonel
Richard E. Thompson, signal corps;
Major Rudolph G. Ebert. surgeon;
Major Alex B. Dyer, artillery corps,
and Contract Surgeon Bruce F.
Foulkes. The leave of absence on a
surgeon's certificate granted Major
William O. Owen is extended one
month. Colonel Joseph D. Girard, as
sistant surgeon general, is relieved
from duty in the Department of Tex
as and will proceed to San Francisco
for transportation to the Philippines.
The Comptroller of the Currency
announces the appointment of, W. A.
Bonynge as president of the First Na
tional Bank of San v Pedro in place of
A. P. Culley.
President Xnmeg Boards to Examine
Army Officers Who Are to Bo
Promoted.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
STOCKTON, July 2. — The thirteenth
annual State convention or the Ep
worth League of the Methodist Epis
copal Church (South) adjourned here
this evening after a most successful
convention lasting since Wednesday
evening. By a unanimous vote Co
lusa was chosen as the place for hold
ing the next annual convention.
The election of officers this even
ing resulted as follows: President,
Xoel H. Garrison of Stockton; first vice
president, William Kirkham Jr. of
Merced; second vice president. Miss
Grace Castle of Dlnuba; third vice
president. Miss Mary L. Poage of
Ukiah; fourth vice president, Miss
Elizabeth Clayton of Los Angeles; sec
retary-treasurer, Phil Arnold of Co
lusa; Junior superintendent. Miss Grace
Ray of Stockton. The convention was
attended by mor> than 200 delegates.
Colusa Is Chosen by the Delegates as
the Place for Holding Next
Convention.
EPWORTH IiEAGUE ELECTS
OFFICERS FOR ENSUING TERM
Manager Arthur R. Brlggs of the
California State Board of Trade has
addressed the Chicb Chamber of Com
merce In reference to sending to St.
Louis a stated quantity of fresh fruit
each week to be displayed by the Cal
ifornia Commissioners. Mr. Briggs
suggested that from three to flve boxes
should be forwarded from Chico every
j seven days for a period of from ten
i to twelve weeks. The fruit coming to
San Francisco in care of the State
,Board of Trade will be forwarded to
St ; Louis at the expense of the board.
It will be exhibited at St. Louis
first and then be used in en
tertaining visitors to the fair and giv
ing them a practical demonstration of
California products. It was agreed
that that County Board of Supervis
ors Bhould be asked to appropriate
5200 to provide for the expense and
the matter will come before the Su
pervisors this week. The Chico Cham
ber of Commerce is about to issue 10,
000 pamphlets illustrative of the re
sources and advantages of Chico.
These will be distributed largely
through the State Board of Trade.
From Chico Manager ' Briggs went
to Redding, where he saw the presi
dent and secretary of the Merchants'
Association and asked them to supply
fresh fruit for display at St. Louis.
He also explained at- Redding the
present work of the State Board of
Trade and tpld what is being done to
broaden the work. A meeting of the
Redding Merchants'' Association will
be held soon to hear Mr. Briggg.
It has been arranged that Manager
Briggs and Secretary Fletcher shall
go to Nevada City this week to ad
dress the Nevada County Board of Su
pervisors. The Sportsmen's Club has
its meeting July 7. The gathering
will be fololwed by a dinner, to which
Messrs Briggs and Fletcher are in
vited.
The State Board of Trade yesterday
received Gaston Albert!, representing
the Ministry of Commerce of France,
and Paul Desachy, editor of Le Sle
cle, who are touring California and
Gathering information about the State.
At Sacramento they will be enter
tained by the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association.
Mrs. Keller left Santa Monica on Fri
day night. It was late when the train
reached Santa Barbara, and the sleep
ers in the Pullman did not see a thin
woman with a haggard look on her
face quickly enter the train and, by
previous arrangement, deposit a small
bundle done up in brown paper
in a vacant seat near Mrs. Kel
ler. With the bundle came bot
tle of milk and a change of
baby clothes. The child proved the pos
sessor of a pair of lungs that would
do Justice to a college rooter. It began
to cry. Passengers turned over in their
berths and growled.
Baby Rlnden refused to be solaced.
When the train reached San Francisco
yesterday morning Mrs. Keller figured
that she had had enough and started
out to lose the child. She went to the
Salvation Army headquarters, but they
did not want the mite. She traveled to
a foundling asylum on Mission street,
near Twelfth, without being able to rid
herself of her burden. Finally, in de
spair, she sought the Hall of Justice
and told her tale to Sergeant Moffltt,
who, realizing that Captain Frank
Norman was a fatherly man, referred
the embarrassed woman to him. Mrs.
Keller told Norman that the child had
been left on the train at Santa Bar
bara and she did not know to whom It
belonged.
Captain Norman sent her to the As
sociated Charities, where Miss Kate
Felton and Mrs. C. A. Clivo accepted
the woman's story and the child. Later
they became suspicious and notified
Captain Martin, who detailed Detective
Ryan on. the case. He arrested Mrs.
Keller as she was about to resume her
Journey to St. Louis on the 6 p. m.
train last night. When brought before
Martin Mrs. Keller frankly told the
whole story and was allowed to go her
way, with an admonishment not to
adopt any more lusty-lunged young
sters and bring them to San Francisco.
The baby willl be retained by the Asso
ciated Charities and placed in some
home.
"Wanted — Some responsible person to
adopt a blue-eyed bouncing baby girl.
Its father has a cataract of tho eye
and is unable to support the child. Ad
dress Mr. and Mrs. T. Rlnden, Monte
cito', Santa Barbara County."
Such was an advertisement that ap
peared in a recent edition of the Los
Angeles Times.
Mrs. Louise Keller, who resides at
Santa Monica and who says that her
husband Is a mining man at Nome,
answered the ad and secured the
child. The blue-eyed baby's stay
with ehr was of short duration.
Mrs. Keller and her husband had
longr. wished for a child, and when
she read the ad the desire to possess
a child returned to her. She corre
sponded with the father and mother.
She had planned a trip to St. Louis
while her husband was in Alaska, and
thought the company of the child
would enliven the journey. It did; and
thereby hangs a tale, wherein the As
sociated Charities and the Police De
partment figure prominently.
State Board of Trade Works
for Display of Products
at the Great World's Fair
In Eifort to Get Rid of
Self-imposed Burden Mrs.
Keller Finds Trouble
EJ
S3
INFANT'S LUNGS LUSTY
VISITS MANY DISTRICTS
Santa Monica Woman Takes
Advertised Baby, but She
Soon Regrets Her Bargain
Seeks Fresh Fruits for St.
Louis in Northern Coun
ties for Early Shipments
C. Dalllnl. W. A. Eliburg. I. E. Burke, F. W.
Oarer. G. Goidsraith. W. M. Hedcpetn. Miss
li&rv Srr.aJl. liarrett and Charlie Small. Mrs.
Tenor, C. D. MilUkem. Mr. Hennrlck. A.
BisaU, H. A. Uunsaktr, Josephine Blanch. J.
V Xlmball, W. J. Jemeson. H. 8. Thomas
KSfl »1ft, itlchard IL Gray, 11. H. Harness, J.
1'. Thorn. ST. F. Stafford. E. Dinger, E. D.
!- -v. E. p. Frlyfany. A. 21. Ramsey, George
i r . Ir.^hsu;, T. Carrick. W. W. Balrd and
»i:>\ A. Emery and dauchtw. J. Earaman,
time, de Simlnara. Mi»» Mattie McCormlck.
Mr. ar.d 11 rs. St. Clarke. E. B. Haldan, Dr.
Iftr.ry M»vcr. L. J. Towers and wife.
A. ch'haro, . A. Mathorson, Miss
Ma:!itr»or., A. Erja!aee. A. Fleuter, J. Carson.
lr -,m fan Mateo — Mrs Burlln Paul Maggl.
Frtxa Ser.ta Cruz — Mrs. K. C. Chop*. Miss May
i.<-:.:w:a. From Mendodno — Alice Pollard.
From Oak'.and — C. Flarhman. Mrs. L. and R.
naihrarc. Hi?* Yid. M. Derrick. From Tu
lar. - K;:^*f*th C. Gudrlch. From Cupertino —
Dt -.n.; llrs. W. D. McDonald. From Arcata
— W A Prertoo. From Vallejo— Alma O.
Goorerfce. From Elisabeth. I'a.— R. T. Wiley
and wife. From Dutch Flat — Mrs. M. E.
l)oo:!t;!«. From Mokeluirna Hill — E. J. Jones
snrt wife. From San Jo** — Miss D. Ogley,
Mr-, O, OpUy. F. A. Cuffing, J. A- Miner,
?.::<¦? JVrrlri. Miss Mau4 Perrin, Arch Penin.
From Los Laurels— J C. Hodge. From Wat
sov.v:'.> — Mrs. J. G. Piratsky. From Salinas—
Mrs S. Borowda. Leon V. Hughes. From Sac
ramento—R. A. V. Van Norden, H. SUllman.
Mif! Mary Coleman. MU>» Brll Monis. Mrs.
Ethel S»r*om. From A'.aroeda — C. E. Pertls.
From New Tork — Mrs. E. Jones. Mr. and Mrs.
T. H. Morgan. From BerkeK-y — Professor N.
J. Orlerhaut ar.d family. From Holllster —
Mrs. W. H'.gby From JefTerson City— E. B.
Ewir^ From Stockton — William Argils and
w*f*. 'Froni New York — Frank Hearon. From
¦ Rpno — Mrs. N. H. Hood. Krom Milwaukee —
n. J. Jones and wife. Frnra Ren*<-1a — K. J.
Power. From OaXland — John A. Beckemlth.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. H. D. Nichols, Mrs.
Mads^n. From Arlxor.*— Ml*s F. Jonrs.
From WatfocvlUe— H. T. McGowan. From
Salt Lake— Mrs. A, D. Ireland. Mrs. H. E.
CW-dwin. From Eagle Cliff. Wash.— William
BmK. Fto-ti San Jose— W R. Rice. Saler
Van Hacan. Elizabeth Austin. J. H. TrtmbaJl.
Ulti Poet. Edwin H. W. Williams. H. A.
Dodjre and wire. From Paso Robles — J. D.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Francis
co — Mr. Gunn. Mr. and Mrs. Epeck, Master
Speck. Mr. Wcrkover. Mrs. Workover. Thomas
St. John, Mrs. St. John, A. Corman, Mr.
Akers. Mr. McAntosh. W. W Whiles, Mr. Ba«
¦ett, Mrs. Bassett. Harry Wilton, Miss Wilton,
Mr. Heal«>\ G. B. Fighey. Mrs. O. B. Fighey,
Miss C. Miller. Mr. Hoiles, Mrs. Holies. Wil
liam Wh-e. Mrs. Mary Rice, Charley Cortjohn.
Mr Klckinr. Mr. Burk. Pete Dally, . G. S.
Nelson. T. C Colbert. Mre. C. Heller. Burt
Wren, James Ward, Alice Swain, Willie Swain,
O. L. Barber. Mrs. O. L. Barber. Amy Barber,
Mle» Ely, Mr. Frank. Mrs. Frank. Mrs. F. M.
Franklin, Mr. John Staude, Mrs. John Staude,
Mrs. Be'.'.mar, Mrs. Ida Bellmar, William
Roehs. H. F. W. Baker, Miss Ethyl Baker.
B. B. Robinson. Mrs. B. B. Robinson. Roy
HaMqulst, John Bannon. A. Carbane. Frank
Mclnery, John Wallace, Gus Danielson. Gcorca
F. Lynch. E. Voker. N. Pantllldea, Mr. Roth,
It. C. Macterson. Mrs. B. C. Masterson, G. J.
Sawyer, Edward Rosrnburd, A. C. Tillenson,
W. S. Crocker. H. Clurt, Benjamin W. Fablon,
O. Witmar. Grace McNurty. J. McLeon. Chrlsto
Llare. 8. M. McFeeley. Mis* Julia Smith. 'Wil
liam Eymon, Mrs. J. C Dober, Henry Goetjen,
Mra. Gecrpe L. Walere, John Leahy. A. Cass
canetto, L. M. Juhe. Klnery Thomas. Mrs. H.
Frank. From Sacramento — Mrs. John Neu
bauer, r. S. Hllderbrant, MIfs Dora Colton,
Jack Hlckey. P. S. Lukens T. C. Badester.
Tim MeDermlth, Ralph Ackron. Mrs. Culvert,
Fannie Culvert. Mrs. Kearney. Mr. Kearney,
T. Hearth. Mrs. T. Hearth: G. T. Bethway. H.
Thane. Edith Thane. Captain Davis. Captain
Parker^ Rev. Dr. Ford, Mrs. Rev. Dr. Ford.
From Lake County — H. H. Harren, Mrs. H. H.
Harren. Muter Harren, William Spiers. Mr.
Boggs. Mrs. Kelsey. Mr. Kelsey, -Mr. Johnson,
Mr. ar.l Mra. Hat Held. Mr. and Mrs. Gulna,
Mrs. Stare. George Stage. C. M. Nathan, O. P.
Nathan, T. G. Bonn. G. C. Bonn. From Alameda
— G. Ratto and two children, L. S. Troy and
children. Miss Ida Atkinson. Mrs. M. M. Pan.
B. B. Robinson, Mrs. B. B. Rcbinson C. H.
Galdwell, W. Chace, B. M. Gale. R. G. Guinn,
R. T. Guinn, John Foley, James Gate. Nash
Baker, Jerry Denehy, E. L Armstrong, W.
Springer. Mr. Kelly. P. C. Cannon. M. C. Bai
ley. J. Dolan, Miss E. Parker. Mabel Walker,
Georre Pratt, George White, G. S. Stage, Mrs.
G. S. Stair*. Mary Cameron, LJllie Flold, Carl
Tomson. Mary Keyeo. Mr. Roth, Mrs. Roth.
Jerry Contain. Thomas Land. M. Hogah, Mrs.
M. Horan, George Glblln. Lucy Glblln, Mr.
Gate«, Mrs. Gates, Emma Gates, Master George
Gates, E. M. Grogan.
AT MERVYN HOTEL: From San Francla
eo— Andy Hasen. Patrick Grace. John Oonway.
From Alameda — Mrs. Schroeder, Paul Schroe.
der. From San Francisco — Mrs. Rose Moran.
Mlsa Mary Moran, Mr. and Mrs. Rosebaum
and family, Mr. and Mrs. de Sola and family.
Mm. Captain Wilson. Master Rlgnal Wilson,
Master Herbert Wilson. Mrs. M. Demmick.
Armstrong. From Fair Oake— "W. I\ Bally
and wife, W. p*. Billy Jr. From Sausallto—
Mrs. Barrowe. Miss Barrow e. From Oakland
— Mra. R. c. Bunker, George E. Falrchild,
E. R. Dllle. From Belvedere — Mra. A. R.
Becker, Mils Beckar Miss Arnold. From Mon
terey — F. Van Meter From HolHster — F. 8.
Hawkins From Santa Cruz — S. F. Baldwin,
H. B. Scott From Ogrden— T. S. Brown and
wife From Stanford— H. S. McNaught. From
BpreckeU— Mr and Mrs. J. M. Taylor. From
Great Britain — Countess A- O. Laughan. From
Alameda — F. H Eickhoff. From Baltimore,
Md. — Mr and Mrs. R Hill. From San Ma
teo — W "A. Brewer. From. Palo Alto — F. C.
Thrill and wife. M. McFarland and wife.
From Del Mor.te— J. S. Gosby. From Mills
Cottage E J. Nutting. From Los Laurels —
J. B Hunter. From Berkeley — J. W. Chanlen.
BRIGGS URGES
PROMPT ACTION
TRIES TO LOSE
ADOPTED CHILD
Continued From Pace 30, Column 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
SEA AND WOODS GALL MAN AND MAID
31
The Call's- Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
30, 1904, ana all readers ot this
paper who desiro a copy of this
household treasure should not
fall to place their order _u.
mediately.
Thia splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of SO
cents per copy. Out "or 'town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30,1904.
AMUSEMENTS^
Snino MATIMEE TO-DAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILL COMPANY
In a Superb Production of Clyde Fitch's patri-
otic Drama,
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE
MATINEE TO- MORROW, JULY 4th
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Special Summer Prices - 15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat ln Orchestra, 50 cents.
'.Tivouss&r
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
GRAND II If "V AT
MATINEE %1**J*-' ,* / ~T 2
Bessie Tannehill
_ n -^ g^ fnj\ Baron Berthald
Sjfl E I P n ArthurOiinnlngham
Wh 1 I I §1 I John Dunsmure
William Schuster
Promeatda Circle, 31 rio»r, Smoktrs' Ptrtiiss
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c, 60c, 75c.
Seatg Always Selling— Only Matinee Sat.
A X f*\ A ry A T> Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR zv&si.
General Manager.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
MR. WHITTLESEY ln
| SOLDIERS Of rURfUiME |
Commencing with SPECIAL INDEPENDENCE
DAY MATINEE,
MONDAY, JULY 4.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
Presenting: H. V. Esmond's Comedy.
CDINE I JOHN DREW'S SUCCESS.""]
SUMMERS
JOjC\^V^ I Miss Rawson's First Appearance |
E-vjr., 25c to 73c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 50c.
ln Preparation— MR. WHITTLESEY in
HEARTSEASE.
, :
; Market street, near Eighth, phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
POWER OF THE GROSS
\ _____ - . VU -'. ¦' '„ - ,- : r*^-
. STARTING MATINEE TO-MORROW.
All Week— Regular Mats. Sat and Sun.
Theodore Kremer's Latest and Greatest Success,
1 WEDDED AND PARTEJf
Replete with the Realism of Gotham Life.
PDICEC Evenlnss lOo to 50c
rHIWC3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
LAST DAYS OF
"THE MORMONS."
EXTRA— SPECIAL MATINEE JULY 4.
Commencing; SATURDAY NIGHT. July 9,
A LUCKY STONE.
By Collirv Davis and Frank M. Witmarlc.
With thia extraordinary cast:
DOROTHY MORTON,
NORA BAYES.
GARRITY SISTERS,
1IICE & CADY.
} BOBBY NORTH,
j EDWIN CLARK,
I HEN DILLON. • • V-.
MATINEES SATURDAY -AND SUNDAY.
Same Popular Prices.
Last times of Lionel Lawrence's "EIGHT
RADIUM GIRLS."
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
BELLE AND LOTTA TOBIN; CARL REI-
TER; THREE SISTERS KELCEY: TRASK
AND ROGERS; FYNE AND DANDY; HER-
SCHEL STEIN AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
FIREWORKS MONDAY NIGHT! '''..-
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children, 6c.
When Phoning Ask for ' "The • Chutes." "
AKTUSEHENTS.
yy Week Commencins; Tm3 AFTEIfc-T^ '
NOOX. July 3.
SPECIAI, MATHTE1: 2IOSTDAT,
JT7I.T 4.
A Vaudeville
Revelation !
LEIGH BROTHERS
European Acrobats.
GILLIHAN and MURRAY
Sweet Southern Singers and Talking
Comedians. . . '
GREEN and WERNER
"Babes of tho Juggle."
INEZ DE WOLF
i Mezzo Soprano.
! GALLAGHERandBARRETT
: "The Stock Brokers."
JOHN F. CLARK
; Uonolcglst and Slnsinff Comedian.
Third and Last Week of ta«
ZARROW TRIO
. In Their Whirlwind of Fun.
"A NIGHT ON THE BOARDWALK."
A TRIP THROUGH ITALY
Shown In Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Second Week and Emphatic Success ot
VALERIE BERGERE
A2n> coMPAinr
Presenting for the First Tim« Here
Roy Fatrchlld's One-Act Playlet,
"JIMMIE-S EXPERIMENT."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
(JO Price*— 10c. 25c and 50c. CZ I
opuauo or the zrzrw season.
MONDAY, JULY 11
Matinee Saturday Only.
Charles Frohman Will Present
ETHEL BARRYMORE
(Fifth Season.)
la Her Greatest Comedy Success,
COUSIN KATE
SALES', BEGINS THURSDAY
OCEAN TBAVEI*
v^.g Steamers leav* Broadway
y£ftiiS-&Qv wharves (piers 9 and llj.
/•5_7 San Francisco:
/Q/?5»— fc» \^\ For Ketchikaa, Wrar.ge!.
I ( \iKva I I Juneau - Haines, Skagway,
I I \Q__u / j etc -. Alaska — 11 a. ra., Ju:/
\#\ \\ To'/ B - ». 1*. W. 24. 29. Augr. <i.
\/S^<*_^^Cy Change to Company's steain-
x5^f«>*^/ e " at Seattl «-
i aT \*r p or victoria. Vancouver.
Port Towns«nd. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Eellinsham— 11 a. m.. July B. ». 14, 19. 24. 2^.
Aug. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattls
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:38
p. m.. July 3. 9, 15. 21. 27, Aug. 2. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 6. 12. IS. 24. 30, Auff. 8.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Loa Angales and
Redondo). San Dieso and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 0 a. ra.
State of California. Thursdays, S a. in.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mca-
terey. Pan Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (3an
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. July 2. 10. 18. 23. An*. 3.
Coos Bay. t» a. m.. July 6. 14, 22, 30, Auff. 7.
For Ensenada. Haffdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
ealla, Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1301—
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane wlil
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria July 3. 19,
AUJ. 2. IS.
For further Information obtain folder. Rltrht
Is reserved to chansre steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OITXCSS— 4 Now Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hot»l>. lo Market <>t., and Broad.
way wharves. Freight OCca 10 Market st.
C. D. Dt'NANX, General Passenger Agent,
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
qCC8B!CS.S.C0.JiSi
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 7. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 18. 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 0. 11 a. m.
I.D.SPRECKELS k BROS. C0.,A2li,TiC_21 013 543 *K-
IGL FRttii 02CJ 32JHiri5[iL. Ml, Plitlj St.
(¦CXPAQNIS QEMSAAL3 TSASSATLA^TI^Ji
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead o! 46»W_*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦fSiniTT&.i*
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Uavre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR CW1TED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FlMJAZl & CO.. fc'arttic C^ut
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue San Franciaco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. S. Havy Yard aad Vallejo.
Strnr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves R. *'., foot of
Clay St.. north end ferry h'.Jff. — Week day*.
0:30 A. M.. 3 and '8 P. M. ; Sundays, »:3O
A M , 8 P. M. Leave ValU-jo — Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:2O and 5:3i> P. M. : Sundays. 5
p. M. Fare. 2oc each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallej". «">t*n Cov* and Martinez.
Me round trip. PIPER, ADEN. GOODALL,
CO.. phone Main U41. 'Saturday exoepted.
— ¦ — —
To T7. S. Navy Yard and VaUejo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISBIB. MONTICELLO and
ARROW — 9:45 A. M.. 12:2(> noon. 3:13 P.
M.» <J:0O P. M.. 8:So P. M. (ex. Sunday):
Sunday?, 9:45 A. M.. 8:00 P. 31. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A- M.. 9:00 A. M.. 12:30 NOON.
3:13 p. m.. 6:i'«> pi m. (ex. Sunday): Sun-
days. 7:0O A. M . 4:13 p. m. Landing anil
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Mala
lSftfl. HATCH BROS.
j. TEX BHIOTFTLLY *
IIXU3IINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTS
Beginning with the Issue ot
July 10th
THE SUNDAY CAIA
Will issue a series of the hand-
somest Art Supplements ever
r- issued by a paper in tho
United States.
Look at this attractiTe list:
1. *A Grass Widow," by Bry-
son.
. 2. "Footlight Favorites," by
Brjson.
3. 'Temptation." by Bryson.
4. '.'The GlrI ln Yellow." by
Bryson-
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Kichtcr. :
7. "Kosamond," by Kichtcr.
8. "Mother and Child," by
Kichtcr.
D. "Head Over Heels,™ by
' Brown {U. A.).
10. "A Serious Ca*>c," by Kose-
land.
Be sure to collect this series.
EVERY OXE A WINNER.
.. - THEY ARE HTM3II25S. 4
A21TJSEMEUTS.
UNION
p. j. iieilly jadra
JAS. T. CBACS Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JULY 3.
6 A FAMOUS
4 COURSERS
Evenly Drawn
Open Reserve Event
-GREAT SPORT AND~
"A CHANCE TO SPECULATE EVERT
THREE MINUTES."
TRAIN SERVICE BOTH WATS.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:15
and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts.
five minutes later. Returning at 4:43 p. m.
and after the last course. San Mateo electric
cars every four minutes during tho day.
¦
INfi! FSIDF
COURSINOARK.
Every
SATURDAY
SUNDAY
Courslns will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Mission-si, can transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE, Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
SAN FRANCISCO -» j-
PBY AUTOMOBILE .
CALL -Jsg2!&ty&£$
MOBILE CARRIAGE CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. and GOUGH ST. ,
Phone Private I^xchansre 770.
Downtown offlces — Court Palace Hotel; Lobby
! St. Frsncls Hotel; Lobby of Occidental Hotol.
PiliarA DON'T FAIL TO
laiawc- Me the beauti£ttl
•t COURT Lounging
i\t\U room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
A j PALM ROOM, the
llT3fl(l LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U11U LOR. and the LA-
n R i < DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqq^
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 p©r Year.
ft
LEAPING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Orer 21 Post *t.. San FrMictsca, C_L
Ertcb. 40 yfarf. Op«j er.t!re year.day & night.
Write for circulars (free).
Yfl\'MFYFRI v CK ECHOOL of music.
¦ VM . IT I LAl.-La mi FULTON ST
=AN FRANCISCO. Established 1835
ryp-err.iner.tly the largest and best
equirre'l school on the Pacific Coast— offer-
r.ir ai; the advantages of Eastern and
European ecr.fervatcrieg for a thorough
wiFical rducation. Prospectus upon ap-
Ti;raticn. Visitors to the World's Fair. St.
Lewis, are Invited to examine the exhibit
of the <Thool. Educntional Buildlar Call-
'-rr.ia School Exhibit.
New Quarters — More Space
FIHXB JtOCKS.
3vix r.-.cved into cur new rooms; new flr«-
rrooC 3 elevators, electric lights.
»tea:n heat. i;o more for students than ever
trf.rrr. This is the college teat secure* so
rr.tr.y r^itictis.
San Francisco Business College,
T"< M'.s^on St.. N-ar Third.
THE LYCEUM.
An accredited preparatory school for the unl-
•—¦-ny, !»u- . and medical colleges, is well
. Cor it« careful and thorough work. Come
be with us; we :re;>are you well; refer-
eccts; Prtf idt-nt Jordan or any Stanford pro-
(ctsar. Pbelaa Building-.
m I*- II- 'illAT. Ph. D.. Principal.
I-SMATLIIN SCHOOL
AHD VAST KXSS SEMISTABY.
3*i» Jackrcn et.. S. F. Boardlnp and <Jar
Fchocl ror sirls. Accredited by the leading
college* ar.d caiwim&lca. Social attention
rlvf-n to music. Ucopen* TL'CSDAT. August
:>. ;:.'!. SARAH L>. HAMLIN. Principal?
/*ANif>M.iv:« An «n«>lla»ent of
B«MHOri\IOi 450 students tells
V—C^ • • J*< the rtory of our
Q>^VIS ll\8 *_V. success ;new bulld-
t\J 1 1 v_\CJ wholesome colleg*
«~ r- ..,^— "' ~~^ Ufe : Catalojue,
V2T> O<::de.i Gate ave.. S. F.
SA2TTA CLAEA COLLEGE.
, Santa Clara. CaL
Btu£!e» will b« resraacd on Tueeday, Atirtirt
*. For farther Information apply to REV.
r.OEEP.T G. KEN:: A. S. J.. President.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY,
PEP.ALTA PARK, EERKELET.
Boarding- and day tccool for boys under 15 yrs
f'/P- Etudes commence MONDAY, Aur 1st!
130-1. Send for prospectus to Bro. Gene'bern.
IizaDitaBallSf
PALO ALTO, CAL. P D rt^L
OPTTCXA_TS JSAHW S1O A SAT.
>^_3£53£_. Individual Instructions; also
JWw^Si^Ti IEa11 course. Call or write for
¦F>>S«£r^ prospectus. CLISE OPTICAL
INSTITL-TE. 1005 Market St..
T&^gBf/ S. F. Eyes examined free.
WESTERN Thorou * h '«>u«lnes« course. Eng-
lll.OII.nn i. Eh# bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
ClI'iL'CCC I th * al « ebra > etc -. Cl\11 Service.
fcU-lnCoo Individual instruction. Position*
.... ~-- fcr craduates. 6 mo. <day). $45-
COLLEGE 5 mo - <14 day) - $00: Er «- School.'
Hitchcock Military Academy
EAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on August 1ft.
Aprily to the Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bearding and diy fchocl for young ladlea aad
Mile girls. 212« California street. Will reopea
A^c-st 1. 1904. Accredited to the universltlec
m : i:uv,-AHD U. CHURCH. A. M. Principal
Mount TamalpHis Military Academy
EAN P.AFAEL, CAL. ,
Jur.ir. r school teparate. Fall term begins Aur
~ A '* iTII !r! n . CROSBT. D.D.. Head Master!
]SWJJ-TO55-«3 Is the most practl-
TO'tUiP t ' r < r cal * recommended
aUfcasagggBaggjl by expert court re-
3uOT5«Refl|fM? porters. Sen-1 tor
yf^VyV^lF^^it^A Catalogue. 1383
Market St., S. V.
ANDERSON~ACADEiyiY,
UtVTXCTOX. CALIFORNIA.
%VILLIAM WALKER AXDERgpy. Principal.
UniTT'Q 1 -"" 1 "r?er^d r
fl U I M tS '¦ tro f " e< ' r » ac<J lty than ever;
ItWli 9 W jxrfect sanitation; Illus-
trated catalogue. W J
MEREDITH. Vice Principal. Menlo Park. Cat
THE ZnXXVEKElT T SCHOOL,
C310 CLAY STREET.
WIU nEOI'KN on Auru« t 1 Kith
UEKT X. TUCKiin. M. S..
Principal.
COLLEGE Or 2TOTKE DAME.
SAN JOiiK, CAL. Exclusively for boarding
rtudents. Flfty-tfcirJ y«ar. Courses: Classical
Liitri.r>-. Ecicntitw, Conservatory. Collesa
l.reparatory accrtdtted. Intermediate aad Pri-
inirj' CU^»es. Studies rt^umed Tuesday, Aur-
«rt 2. 1'JOi.
ALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mUa from
titaniord UnJvrrEity — Bojs and younc mta
prepared tor Stanford, Berkeley or Eastern
colleres. Exceptional Advantage! in Modern
L«ssuaces and Hlrher Mathematics. Fall term
begins Aurust 22. For cataloru* address
MAYXATO) £XUPLST, P_lo Alto. CaL
;, ADVEBTISEMENTS. j
BaDBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBSBDaBOBBaBDQODBBBEBBQSSia
Q Ns«(a_i___ei_s_&£__^__a___a_HBB^BBB^Si^raHS^^S&SBffia. H
f | JULY BARGAINS I I
| Desirable Garments at |
„ uesiraDie prices. pi
B • a
| Of course this is considered the most quiet season §
§ of the year. Our prices will make things lively when §
| they hardly cover the cost of labor — and another thing, §
| we are preparing for fall styles and need the room badly. §
| TAILOR SUITS! SKIRTS! SKIRTS! |
S <££ 00 Fof b!ack ""* wh{te * nd Q^r* For White Pique Skirts, with S
g V ** ' V V brown and white Novelty f ancy tucks _ th , y wefe $ l75 fl
B Mixtures ; Eton effect, with cape ) told „,«/»_,. xm.u » » u n B
m~*r*vs*>.. " $2.95 Sh^*^ •££ g
n QSffe 00 Is considered pretty low and double rows of linen insertion— Sj
N O3U.UU for navy and black Chev- $5.00 and 5600 is the regular price- _j
S <£ I A A.C\ F « thebalance of $25.00 8 "" g
¦ S>i a ad $27.50 fine Venetian $ I 7 5 The best made $i50 Skirt g
g Suits— they are beauties. •»'¦•*** in the city. g
0 Sk 20 00 For a *&& Novelty Ve will surprise you with our low B
B V*- V ' vv Suit; elegant quality} prices of Jackets- $1.95, S4.45 and g
g a fine $35.00 tailor suit. S650— the best and newest. g
¦ ¦
a ¦ . . o
1 STORE CLOSED JULY 4th. I
B , H
8 teSCM 232-1234 MARKET STREET. S
B S3
¦BBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBB. F, Stoll. dentist; Halght & Masonic are,*
"Debt — death," was the brief but suf
ficient explanation left by an English
suicide recently.
Captain Harts Gets Time.
United States District Judge de
Haven - yesterday granted a 60 days*
stay of execution in the matter of the
$1650 fine and the forfeiture of $550
worth of goods which Captain Harts
had in his baggage on his landing
from a transport, about a year ago and
which he failed to declare to the Col
lector of Customs as required by law.
His attorney Is considering the ad
visability of taking an appeal.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nearalfts.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clajr.*
Mrs. Francis Tries to Oust Sirs.
Marchant From Pine-Street
Rooming Place.
A sequel to the suit begrun on Fri
day by Phoebe Greene, Involving a
question of borrowed money and own
ership of the lodging-house at 1304
Pine street, appeared yesterday In a
complaint filed in the Superior Court
by the money lender, ' Louise J.
Francis, against Lilllemarie Marchant.
Mrs. Francis declares that she noti
fied Mrs. Marchant, as agent for her*
that she would take possession of the
property on July 1 and gave another
notice on June 27 that Mrs. Marchant
would have to give up possession of
the house on the first of the month.
It is also alleged that Mrs. Marchant
now refuses to surrender the house
and fraudulently claims to be the
owner thereof. Therefore Mrs. Francis
asks the court to allow her $80 a
month for each month the defendant
occupies the premises.
ANOTHER SUIT BEGUN
IN LODGING-HOUSE CASE
Richards' Case Argued.
The motion for a new trial in the
case of Edward Richards, convicted
by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court on
a charge of manslaughter, was argued
yesterday. The Judge reserved his de
cision till next Saturday. Richards
shot and killed Joseph Martini, saloon
keeper, 623 Pacific street, on January
6 during a dispute over the payment
for two bottles of beer. He was tried
for murder, but the Jury convicted
him of manslaughter. The new trial
is asked for chiefly on the ground that
two of the jurors did not hear the
whole of the Judge's Instructions and
that the verdict was a compromise
one.
Margaret Josephine* McLean, a
tailoress at San Jose, yesterday se
cured from Presiding Judge Graham
an alternative writ of mandate com
pelling* the Odd Fellows' Cemetery As
sociation to show cause In court on
July 8 why It should not deliver to the
plaintiff tha urn containing the ashes
of her deceased sister, Anna McLean.
Anna died at Santa Clara February 1,
1004, and her body was cremated at
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery on Feb
ruary 3. The ashes were placed In an
urn and deposited in . the urnroom of
the crematory. Since then the defend
ant, upon demand of the slsterj has re
fused to surrender the ashes.
Wants Ashes of Sister.
Go to Uncle Tom's Cabin. San Bruno,
to spend the 4th — finest resort on coast*
EX-SOLDIER DIES SUDDENLY.—
Peter Landreth, a retired and pensioned
soldier, died suddenly last Friday night
In tha lodging-house at 655 Washington
street. Death was due to natural
causes.
Price of a Short Lez.
Damages In the sum of $25,000 are
demanded by C A. Bort in a suit filed
yesterday against John Quadt. Bort
Bays that on April 9, 1904, he was en
gaged as a painter by Quadt at the
Palace HoteL A rope supporting the
scaffolding broke and he fell forty
feet to the sidewalk, sustaining vari
ous Injuries, including a fractured hip.
He says that as a result he is a cripple
for life, his right leg being an Inch and
a half shorter than it ought to be.
Prizes for Old and Young
At the Fourth of July celebration at Neptune
Gardens, Alameda. Races, gamea. dancing
Brand fireworks display. Round trip ticket*
from San Francisco, including admission to
grounds, 45 cents; children 30 centc •
IMPORTANT CORRECTION.
Monterey and Santa Crnz Excursion.
Excursion train to Monterey and Santa Cruz
will not leave Third and Townsend streets
depot at 7:15 a. m. Monday, July 4. Passen
gers for these points will take train leaving
8:00 a. m.; but the regular Sunday excursion
trains leaving Monterey 6:10 p. m. and 6:05
p. m.-wlll also be run northbound on Monday,
reaching San Francisco 10:30 p. m. •
Burglars Plead Guilty.
Joseph M. -Wallace and George Lang
pleaded guilty in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday to a charge of burglary and
were ordered to appear for sentence
on Saturday. A charge of robbery
against them was placed on the re
serve calendar. They entered a room
ing-house at 341 Jessie street on the
night of February 23 and awakened
J. R. McMahan while searching his
clothing for coin. McMahan. after
they left him, ran to a corner saloon
and got a shotgun. Meantime Wallace
and Lang had held up ' Eugene W.
Wright and his wife in their room and
taken $33 from them. When Mc-
Mahan returned with the shotgun
Wallace reached for his revolver, but
McMahan was too quick for him, and
fired, wounding him on the arm.
Lang is only a boy, but has two prior
convictions against him for petty lar
ceny.
Tfcow wedto* Invitation* from IK ward 8.
Krowles, 24 S«confl etreet, are Blmply «well.»
Jacob Stelner, a driver for the Bay
City Market, very deliberately and very
coolly ended his life yesterday with a
revolver bullet because he believed that
paralysis was about to set In, perma
nently crippling his legs, and that he
would be deprived of the power of earn
ing his living.
Steiner had been In the habit every
morning of stopping for a drink at the
grocery at 1016 Polk street. Yesterday
morning he drove up to the grocery and
left his team standing In front while
he entered the place. He took two
drinks of whisky, after which he re
marked to R. T. ¦Williams, who was
behind the bar, that he was about to
start for Chicago, and bade "Williams
good-by. He gave Williams a $5 piece
and told him to let Mrs. Stelner, bis
wife, have It when she called. Then
he went to the toilet in the rear and
shortly thereafter a pistol shot was
heard. Williams, suspecting what had
happened, called Policeman McLean,
who found Stelner dead with a cheap
revolver in his hand. There was a bul
let wound In the right temple and one
chamber of the weapon had been emp
tied.
Mrs. Stelner called at the Coroner's
office after she had been Informed of
the suicided She said she knew of no
cause for the rash deed except that her
husband had been attacked with symp
toms of paralysis In his legs and that
he had been alarmed recently by the
symptoms attacking his feet. When he
left home at 5:30 o'clock In the morn
ing he kissed his three little children
good-by In a manner much more af
fectionate than usual. He was born
In Baltimore, Md., thirty years ago.
Officers Elected.
At the last meeting of Division No.
1, Ancient Order of Hibernians, Board
of Erin, the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: J. J.
Keating, president; John Hegarty,
vice president: John Cronin, financial
secretary; J. McMenomy Jr., record-
Ing secretary; J. McMenomy Sr.,
treasurer; Michael Gibney, sergeant
at arms. After the election a smoker
was held.
Fearing Paralysis Would
Cripple Him, a Young
Teamster Shoots Himself
Alaska Excursions Season 1904.
Land, of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane wUl
leave Seattle 9 a. m. July 6, 19, Aug. 2,
16. For information apply to Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'s Ticket Offices, 4
New Montgomery Et. (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C. D. Dunann, Gen. Pas
eenger Agent, San <Francisco. •
JACOB STEINER
ENDS HIS LIFE
Heirs Ask for Money.
Application was mads yesterday to
the Superior Court for a partial dis
tribution of the estata of WlnfleTd S.
Jones. Mary Jones asks for $15,000.
Virginia B. Jones for $20,000. T. Skel
ton Jones for $10,000 and the Bank
of Bakersfleld for $10,000 as assignee
of W. Brooks Jones. It la declared by
the several petitioners that the estate
Is In a condition to permit the pay
ment of the amounts asked.
Hanna Johnson Decides to Get Di
vorce From Her Husband.
Other Infelicities.
A complaint in divorce was filed yes
terday by Hanna Johnson against her
•husband. Swan Johnson, in which she
alleges that he has been guilty of ex
treme cruelty on numerous occasions.
They were married at Chicago Febru
ary 9, 1882, and, she says, onco a week
for the last two years he has struck,
kicked her and otherwise abused her
to the accompaniment of vile lan
guage. On June 15 last, she. says, he
beat her and threatened to kill her.
She claims that the lodging-house at
1215J4 Mission street Is in his name,
but that it was purchased with her
money and is her sole property. Also
that there is 51350 in a mortgage,
which is community property. Besides
a, divorce and the restoration of her
property rights she asks the court to
restrain Johnson from annoying and
insulting her.
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Joseph Dubeau against Mar
tine Dubeau on the ground of extreme
cruelty and Bessie M. C. Francis
against John B. Francis, desertion and
neglect.
Judge Graham granted divorces to
Marcus B. Dye from Mary R. Dye on
the ground of desertion and to G. I*.
Thompson from Kate E. Thompson for
desertion.
CLAIMS CRUELTY EXTENDS
OVER LAST TWO YEARS
The Supreme Court has decided that
Thomas Moran must go to the peniten
tiary for complicity in the murder of
George. W. Rica. The defendant's ar
guments are- considered one by ons In
the opinion, but no error in tha pro
ceedings is found. He Is the third of
tho murderous quartet whose aentenc*
has been affirmed.
Moran asserted that ht supposed his
accomplices wen* intending to beat a
non-union man and he denied all
knowledge of a conspiracy. The court
holds that his guilt- is proved by the
evidence that he boarded the car with
the other three assassins, that he
alighted when Rice was assaulted and
that he ran with his fellow criminals
after the murder had been committed.
Moran received a sentence of life im
prisonment at Folsom.
Rice was murdered on October 11,
1901. Ho was employed as a non-union
machinist In a factory on the water
front. Moran, Buckley. Donnolly and
Duncan boarded a Howard 'street car
on which Rice was riding, and when
the non-union I man alighted at Twen
tieth and Howard streets ho was
knocked down and shot. The murder
ers fled, but were easily apprehended
end brought to trial.
Buckley did the shooting. Moran Is
supposed to have knocked Rice down.
Duncan and Donnolly stood by to help
in case of need. Arthur Cleve, a Mr.
Platt and the tatter's daughter posi
tively identified the guilty men at their
respective trials.., All four were con
victed on a Friday. Buckley was sen
tenced to death. Donnolly to nineteen
years* Imprisonment and Duncan to
seventeen years' imprisonment. Three
of the murderers were shown at the
trial to be union men. The crime was
committed at the time of the machin
ists' strike.
Two more victims of the busy hold
up man who Is now enjoying an open
and lucrative season in this city were
treated at the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital during the early hours of yester
day morning. Both victims were sea
faring men and each bore bruises more
or less serious to corroborate his tale of
highway robbery and both made invol
untary contributions to the footpad
harvest.
George Davis, a fireman on the army
transport Logan, was tho lesser loser
by 52, but what he saved by not having
as much money as the other victim
was more than balanced by the greater
injury he received in his encounter with
the knights of the road.
Davis was held up at the corner of
Mission and Steuart streets. He had
been drinking, he says, and was some
what under the influence of the stimu
lant. He was heading for a lodging
house when a young man stepped
across his path, stuck a grtn in his face
and demanded the fireman's money.
Without waiting for a response the
highwayman batted his victim about
the head and face with the revolver,
then went through the pockets of the
dazed and bleeding fireman. Davis
says the robber got at least 59.
At the hospital Davis' injuries are
summed up as follows: Laceration of
the chin; abrasion, contusion and frac
ture of the lower Jaw; fracture and
abrasion of the nose.
Charles Brown, a sailor of the United
States revenue cutter Daniel Manning,
was the other victim. He lost 511, and,
in addition to a badly battered nose,
had his lower lip split from ons corner
of his mouth to the other.
Brown was held up twice. As he re
members, it was about 1 o'clock a. m.
He had turned down Pacific street
from Kearny when, two men stepped
out of a doorway and attacked him.
They knocked him down and out and
took 511 from his pockets.
When he recovered consciousness, he
says, he could not stand up. Feeling
in his pockets he discovered 75 cents
that the robbers had overlooked, but
had barely made the discovery when a
man approached him..
"Got any money?" asked the new ar
rival.
"None of your business," replied the
tar.
Thereupon the newcomer kicked the
sailor in the face and helped himself to
the remaining fraction of a dollar.
Brown was discovered, lying uncon
scious, by a shipmate, who gave him a
tow to the Harbor Hospital and later
piloted him back to Sausallto, where
the Manning swings at anchor.
City's Revenue Is Greater
Owing to Higher Valua
tions Tut on Iteal Estate
Assessor Dodge yesterday filed with
th© Board of Supervisors his annual
report, showing that the assessment
roll for 1904 aggres-tes the sum of
55U.000.414, an increase of 583,500,000
over that for 1S03. The report fol
lows:
"July 5, 1804.
"To the Honorable Board of Super
visors of the City and County of San
Francisco:
"Gentlemen — The assessment roll for
1904. which Is herewith delivered to you,
shows a phenomenal increase over that
of last year. This increase amounts to
5S3.500.000. bringing the taxable prop
erty in this city up to 5511.000,414.
"As a result of this large increase,
your honorable board has recently been
enabled to reduce the tax rate eight
cents on the hundred. Notwithstand
ing this reduction in the rate, there will
still be at your disposal, owing to this
increased roll, about a million dollars,
raised by taxation, in excess of the sum
which was available last year. This
excess has been abt-ut equally divided
between permanent public improve
ments and tho necessary interest and
sinking fund for the proposed public
ijnprovement bond.
TAX KATE IS LOWTK.
"The full sisnificar.ee of this increas
ed roll will be comprehended when we
reflect that, were our municipal ex
penditures this year no greater than
those of last year, instead of a dollar
rate for running expenditures, as pro
vided by the charter, the tax rate for
this purpose would have been but
eighty-five cents. As it is, the total
tax rate for this year for all purposes,
municipal and State, will probably be
less than that of last year owing to
this increased assessment roll.
"Six years ago the assessment roll
of this city was $352,000,000. To this
there has been added during my term
554.000,000 of personal property and
5105,000,000 of real estate, giving us the
present roll of $511,000,000. This In
crease in the assessment roll gives to
the city at the dollar rate of taxation
a yearly revenue of one and a half mil
lions of dollars greater than that which
it formerly had.
REAL ESTATE EQUALIZED.
"The Increase in the roll this year
is due entirely to the increase made
in the assessed valuation of real es
tate. Real estate, however, has not
been uniformly increased, but it has
been equalized, so that in all parts of
the city it is now assessed on the same
basis of valuation. The main increase
has fallen on that real estate, the value
of which, during the past few years,
has Bteadily increased.
"In addition to making this assess
ment, this office has, during the past
ninety days, collected and turned into
the city treasury the sum of $660,000
as taxes on unsecured personal prop
erty.
"In conclusion, it is gratifying to
know that our city finances are now
on a sound basis. Deficits and unpaid
obligations are now unknown. With
our present revenues, raised by a mod
erate tax rate, we should be able to
provide many necessary public im
provements as well as to beautify our
city without Incurring in every In
stance a bonded indebtedness.
"Very respectfully yours,
"WASHINGTON DODGE.
"Assessor."
Defendant's Arguments Are
-Carefully Considered, but
No Errors Are Found
Fireman of Transport Logan
and Sailor of U. S. S. Man
ning Fall Among Thieves
SENTENCE IS FOR LIFE
INCREASE IS ENORMOUS
JAW OF (^TE IS BROKEN
Policeman O'Callahan was patrol
ling Bpear-street wharf about 8
o'clock yesterday morning when there
gradually came to his alert hearing a
eound mingled harshly with the noc
turne murmured by tha wavelets lap
ping the timbers underneath him. In
raucous , and prolonged crescendo it
attained C sharp, camped there about
two seconds, then descended tho scale
in unbroken guttural until it expired in
an abrupt sob that reminded the
listener of tha dying note, of a bath
tub exhaust pipe. O'Callahan traced
the discords to a cask that lay half
burled in a heap of ecraplron, and,
with the aid of a lighted match, ha
found tightly wedged within the bar
rel a sleeping man.
After vainly endeavoring to awake
the snorer by kicking the barrel and
shouting,' "Getoutathere," the patrol
man thrust his right > hand Into the
queer resting place, grasped a luxuriant
beard and pulled and tugged with
might and main. Soma whiskers
cams out, but still the alumberer
awoke not, nor did the snore diminish.
Then the assistance of the wharf
watchman and an ax were procured
and by demolishing the cask the man
was finally brought to light and con
sciousness.
In tho corridors of tha Hall of Jus
tice yesterday morning a story was
afloat to tha effect that a gang of bay
pirates had barreled a drunken man
and were proceeding to cast him into
the bay, their object being to obtain
the $10 which is paid for the recovery
of a drowned body, when their plan
was frustrated by the abrupt appear
ance of O'Callahan, who routed the
would-be assassins and rescued their
Intended victim. In the court of Judge
Mogan, however, the story herein
before narrated was told by Police
man O'Callahan and corroborated In
part by the man from whom he took
the barrel and who said his name
was George Long, of no settled occu
pation.
"How did you happen to Imprison
yourself In the barrel?" the court in
quired.
•The truth of it is," replied Mr.
Long, nervously toying with the por
tion of his chin that had been de
nuded of whiskers, "that I was dead
sober when I entered that barrel, not
knowing that it had contained whisky.
Well, sir, so heavily were tho staves
of that barrel saturated with booze
and so strong were the fumes there
from that the first thing I knew I
knew nothing. I Just Inhaled the most
complete drunk of my career — and In
my time I've had some thorough heats
on. The whisky fumes must have
bloated me until I filled the barrel.
It's JuBt a case of plain drunk, ac
quired in an extraordinary manner,
and I hope the court won't regard it
as anything more serious than that."
Mr. Long's plea might have pre
vailed If a message from the booking
department had not described him as
a confirmed opium fiend and utterly
worthless "bum," so the Judge gave
him three months. .
• • •
When the police posse commanded
by Sergeant Gaston raided the prem
ises occupied by Eugene Retuss, 765
Market street, in quest of games and
gamesters Policeman Tillman posted
his herculean form at the door, flour
ished his trusty club and announced
that death would surely be the lot of
any Inmate who attempted to escape.
So menacing was the man's appear
ance and manner that Joseph Lep
ping, Harry Pollock. Arthur Wilson,
Edward Downey and Eugene Retuss
himself actually felt grateful to the
other policemen who placed them un
der arrest and thus assured them of
immunity from demolition by that
terrible club.
While the defendants were not
caught in the act of gambling the im
plements with which craps and other
games of chance are played were
found In the room and bore signs of
having been in very recent service.
Judge Fritz continued tho cases till
July 8.
* • •
When the flfteen-months-old babe
of Policeman Berrle and wife was In
trusted to the care of Margaret Man
ning the parents had no misgiving, be
cause the nurse was' middle aged and
apparently of settled habits. For a
month they had no reason to suspect
that their confidence was misplaced
and even then disillusion might not
have come If payment of Mary's sal
ary had been /postponed. She had
her month's wages, however, when
she took the Infant out in' its buggy
for the usual afternoon airing. It was
evident that a considerable portion of
the money had been expended for in
toxicating drink when Patrolman
Wlnslow arrested her at Bryant and
Harriet streets and booked her for
cruelty to children.
"She was so drunk," said the com
plaining policermn to Judge Mogan,
"that while I was watching her and
ere I could prevent it. she upset the
buggy and dumped out the baby no
less than three times. The little one
would have been killed If I hadn't
run her In."
The parents of the rescued' child
had nothing to Bay, except to express
regret that they had not more fully
investigated Mary's character before
allowing her to go abroad with the
dearest thing they have , on earth.
When the investigation ordered by the
court has been completed Mary will
know JuBt how long she will have to
remain a prisoner.
Five young fellows arrested for be
ing inmates of an opium den at 831
Sacramento street are held by order
of Judge Mogan until District Attoiy
ney Byington can appear and explain
Just how they can /be punished under
the law. The statute provides that In
order to secure conviction it must be
proved that opium has actually been
sold or given away, and this cannot
be proven in the case in question. A
municipal ordinance, intended to rem
edy the defects of the statutes, pro
vides that it Is unlawful to visit a
place where opium is smoked, which
can be proved in this caseT But the
ordinance was recently pronounced
invalid by Superior Judge Lawlor on
the ground that it placed defendants
twice in Jeopardy, as they could be
prosecuted under the State as well as
the municipal law. The matter Is
likely to ba threshed out In court next
Tuesday.
• • • H
Jufljj© Conlan pronounced J. Porelson
guilty of practicing optometry without
having first provided himself with the
certificate of competency demanded by
the State, and W. M. Maguire, special
prosecutor In the case, earned some
prestlgo as the attorney who secured
the first conviction under the new law.
Sentence will bs postponed till next
Wednesday.
• • •
Judge Fritz continued till Tuesday
the case of 17-year-old Herbert Ja
cobs, accused* of battery. Patrolman J.
Galloway testified that the boy was not
looking ahead of him as he ran swiftly
around the corner of the Palace Hotel
at Market and New Montgomery
streets, and that when the woman with
whom he collided was extricated from
the mlx-up her silk dress was torn to
ribbons. The defendant declare* the*
collision was unavoidable.
William Hammet didn't exactly re
member what prompted him to bom
bard with rocks and flsts the doors of
various houses In Bartlett allejr, but
was Inclined to think that his Inspira
tion was moral, because In his sober
moments he had often grieved over the
futile efforts of Chief of Police Wlttman
to close up the city's disreputable
houses. He had no fault to find with
Policeman Farrell for arresting him,
because he knew that his conduct was
law-breaking, but he hoped that Judge
Mogan would take Into consideration
the character of the places he assailed
and the probable motive that actuated
him. The Judga promised to think it
over.
• • •
Policeman Curtln told how he rushed
the lino of pickets thrown out by the
director general of the crap game In
the alley back of the Palace Hotel, and
how he managed to bag 12-year-old
¦Willie Curtln, while a dozen other Juve
nile knights of chance escaped by run*
ning. The young gamesters, mostly
newsboys, had made so much noise as
to annoy certain hotel guests, whoso
complaint to the management resulted
In Curtln being specially detailed by
Chief Wlttman to break up the game
and arrest as many of the gamesters
as he could catch. Willie's aged mother
appeared In court and made such an
eloquent appeal In her son's behalf that
Judge Mogan suspended sentence and
advised Willie to stick to marbles*
Max Kantowltz, charged with cruelty
to animals, took his alleged horse to the
Hall of Justice and Invited Judge Mo
gan to step downstairs and see for him
self whether the animal was In such a
dilapidated condition as Policeman
Hooper had alleged. "When the Judge
arrived at the sidewalk he casually In
quired whose automobile It was that
stood In front of the hall entrance, and
Officer Hooper explained that it ' was
hot a chug- chug machine, but the Kan
towltz horse,, that confronted his
Honor.
"That a horse 1" exclaimed the Judge
after rubbing his eyes and gazing long
and eearchlngly at the strange-appear
ing and inanimate structure. Then he
acknowledged that It did bear soma
Blight resemblance to equine anatomy,
and when he returned to his bench Mr.
Kantowltz was discharged and the
thing at the door sentenced to Imme
diate transformation Into chicken feed.
With a knotted rops end Florence
McCarthy was disciplining a revolu
tionary Eteed on the main driveway of
Golden Gate Park when he was arrest
ed for cruelty to an animal, and when
he failed to respond to the calling of
his name In Judge Mogan's court his
$10 ball was declared forfeited.
Two Seafarers, Robbed and
Badly Beaten, Are Treated
at the Harbor Hospital
Supreme Court Declines to
Give New Trial to Third
of Murderous Quartet
Assessor Dodge Submits His
Completed Annual Eeport
to Board of Supervisors
George Long Seeks Slumber in a Barrel That Once
Contained Whisky, and the Fumes of the Stuff
Bloat Him So That He Has to Be Chopped Out
ROLL EXCEEDS
HALF BILLION
THOMAS MORAN
LOSES APPEAL
MORE VICTIMS
OF HOLD-UPS
FALLS ASLEEP IN CASK
AND SNORES AND SWELLS
THE SAN rFRANCISCO CAL^. SUNDAY, JULY 3, 19(&.
32
-' TEN BEAUTIFULLY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUrPLEMENJ-S
Beginning with the . issue of
July lOUi
THE SUNDAY CALL :
Will Issue a series of the hand-
somest Art Supplements ever
issued by a paper in the
United States.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
son.
2. "Footllght Favorites," by
, Bryson.
3. "Temptation," by Bryson.
4. 4 The Girl In Yellow," by
¦» Bryson. *
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Richter.
7. "Rosamond," by llichter.
8. "Mother and Child," by
Richter. *
9. "ilend Over Heels," bv
Brown (H. A.). *
JO. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land.
Bo sure to. collect this series.
EVERY OXE A WINNER,
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
ISMAIL
THE FOLLOWING LETTER EXPLAINS ITSELF.
Prominent, intelligent and educated people continue
to send in testimonials proving Ismar's marvelous powers
as clairvoyant and healer. Read this letter, by all means
and if you are ailing, don't fail to consult her. She can
cure you as she has cured others:
>^^s ,,, A * ter * began your treatment I felt
/s£*%£^?&^ a new beln S and to-day I am
a - jy/^rroV^vJ^l *, thanks to you, a. strong and healthy wo-
/Sk. /& A/f^jt^^t" 5 A «f*T man. lou have, Indeed, snatched me from
/ fiS^' -Vf/i^S^S^Sw-i-i- th * srave. Knowing; what you have done
' "S-gzZff }'*7s—s±. 1 "j for me * cheerfully can recommend you
•''"*"-*•-"»-'•<"<£& /f£&<25i* 4^*«li - to those that ar« suffering now as I did
vk*"*£Sy« 'Mi$?>d^zi&$k }l any one doubts y ou r healing power
** r^ r 7l R Y^^SiS^ygr kj *> they may write to me or call at my
~>~**^7t3fit^^^^<tf VA home ' 2919 Adeline street (Ashby fita-
•*^&1 ewY^&S&T^&JV £r#V tion). Berkeley, Cal., for further infor-
iftnSnwiifff #('*V rnation. <You may publish this if you
\yS/€^y^j&2*Z?&3 *k^\ wish.) Tours gratefully,
"m£<£0^>ZM // Y 't\ MRS ' iSABELLE FAItRELL.
/t#fZi&r - £/*¦] i|« Some of the cures she has performed
fffjfayj < r?7^^Q/y££^'A U are almost miraculous.
£-£^l»i'^^te#££^l*»£- ¦«¦¦;! X 't To the > roun S ma n starting a business
£/ ¦ ir^ r .''-A'A \ care , p r; to the man with intcrpsts In
fr l jj^<cK^?/,'\ % *^ — -^/ /..^ ' stocks and bonds; to the professional
l\W!&ffit¥. •'?{ V\>T>!r "**** 09 ' : man - the lawyer or the physician; to the
«- I »*aS8fX *h<-- < - c *:v rZ~* mlner » the prospector or the owner of
- ." rrrr^^^r- - — .-•-' mines; to the woman whose heart has
pf^rt-t tj-v A~_tt t .««. been torn and is sore; to those afflicted
„,„„„ ,«r» „ ' P - l 7> 1904 - or in t«>»Me; to those who doubt or have
MADAME ISMAR, fian Francisco: questions to ask of the unknown, Ismar's
Dear Madame—Reading over the many Kr %?.* ltt Z are ta val uable.
JSSSmS^? ,??? bCe ° auSns^Liwe^ S^wPffi
cured by you. I also decided to ac- reading $5. Send money by Wells-Fareo
Knowledge openly what you have done Postofflce money order or registered let-
for me. Two years agro I came to your ter - Rooms 9 and 10, 1104 Market street,
office for advice. I had been suffering ? an Francisco. Phone South 1141. Office
tor years and several prominent physl- VoHf 8^ 10 .^™-.^ 0 5 «P; m ' Wednesdays,
. dans pronounced my. Bicknesa incurable.- X 2 S.™'-- 1 ° * * m '" 8wMta W," 10 »• t0
ADVZBTTSTSTVTTITTTaL
V* VT» fcav» shown that It Is poostbl* to iS
a£ do tha very test dental work at mod- C5
& erata prices. W» ar» cot only wiuim V
*. to h<vva our work compared with any Q
S other, but we lnvlts thoa» who ara ex- ft
y. tremely particular to eom« and talk f>.
O to as. Sine* w« bav» been In business O
o wa hav» never had a stngls dlsaaU&fled o
O patient. Wo do painless work. Wo O
S use th« most modern methods. W» Q
S take Justifiable pride In the beaaty of £c
yj£ the work done. Wo bav« ten crad- w
K uate dentists — no students. ct£
g If you cannot afford to pay mar*. w» Jr>
CD will make you a full set of teeth for X
W $2.00. If you can afford a little: mor* ft>
S money you can set our COItALJN'B <%
5 plate. It Is unbreakable, and will last yj£
£c a lifetime. It Is only as thick as com- w
Imon wrltlns paper. Ladles' attendants. 3?
Our ten-year guarantee t"«^ti> that all «V
our work must be done perfectly. No <*
chares for examination nor for adrloa. 3
H«r» are our prices: M
Painless Stiver Filling*.... $ 25 np <*»
Painless Cement Killings.. 23 up o
Painless Gold Fillings 75 up S
o Painless Gold Crown. 2Ck. 8.30 up W
<i Painless Porcelain Crowns. 3.50 up q
Q Painless Bridge Worlr..... S.5O up *$
O Full set of Teeth ZOOup ££
££ Samples of the splendid work we 4a V
v* are to, be seen at th* entrance. No V
6 dentist could do better work. M
I Hale Dental Co. 1
8 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny. S
£t Hours, 9 to 9; Sundays. 10 to Z. ¥jy
$ July 4. 10 to 2 only. g
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
IF YOU WANT PERFECT VISION
TOU SHOULD WEAR GEORGE MATEPXE'S
GLASSES.
For weak or Inflamed eye» use Georg-e M*y-
erle's Eyewater, 50c; by mall «2c
To clean your classes use George Mayerle'a
ANTISEPTIC Eyeglass Wiper*. 2 for S3*
Bend P. O. order or VTells-Farjo.
!?•¦''¦**" "
George Hayerle
German Expert Optician. 1071 Market St.. S. F.
ET Two Soon Trom Seventh St.
EYES EXAMINE!) FREE.
Open evenings until 0. p ao ne South 572.
NOTICE! ~9B
Wnen wishing- to have yotxr eye* ex-
amined by GEOBGE 2£ATHR£S ba
«"» to look for tho name, GXOSGS
MAYEBLE. tiua avoldiar mlsta*t»
AJ)VEBTISEMENTa.
O«©SOOO«00OO00©O©Q00©00«00000000O0«0000«03O!
1 f '— : : ¦—
1 Dress Goods
| Black Goods
I Silk Deparments
« . _^ _
I Extraordinary Values
I CHIFFON SAMITE SILK GRENADINES
• Thh b a Silk and Wool Fabric, very Black Silk Grenadines in Stripes
0 toft and cllnsring, high flnlah. Come pUida and Small Ti~-t-«- Prices wpn
O la Evening, Pastel and Street ahadei; JJ.50, $2.00 and $2^0 pet yard-
g were Imported to tell at c - o - Marked nov _~ - --.
• $J.50yard. Present price $>I.^D . 50C dHU 75C
© _____ . ***
• TAILOR SUITINGS ROBES AND
• Genuine Devonshire and West of fc, A1/ r-i TV HDFCCFC
g England Tailor Suiting*, full 56 inches IMUVlLIY UKLOOLO
0 wide, all pure wooU axe In Fancy Oat stock of Lace and Net
§ Mixtures, Small InvHble Checks and RobeSt NoveIty Etamines, Crepes,
« Stripes. Spedal pric* „ FanCy Grenadine! and all Novelty
g ltJV; J U Black Dress Pattern, much less than
! IRON FRAME """"^^~
| ALPACA FANCY SILKS
• 54-inch Iron Frame Alpaca, a very &*<* tnd WUte * nd VUte * nd
1 heavy and lustrous quality In two Black Fanc 7 Striped Tafieta Silk, an
O shades Brown, two Bhades Navy, three elegant heavy quaUty spedafly stutabla
| shades Gray, Tan and Cream. Good for handsome Silk Petticoats. Reg-
O value for $1.00 yard. Spedal __ **" l 7 «<> ld £o * J 1 * 50 ?***• tZt\**
| price.... ........!.... 75C Reduced to 50C
I SCOTCH TWEEDS BLACK SILKS
§ Scotch Tweed Suitings, 45 Inches 750 yards Black Tafieta Silk, 24
O wide* in a large variety of Mixed Inches wide, a bright lustrous fl™*ih
O Color effects and very suitable for Out- and an excellent wearing quality.
ing Suits. The regular value -jr^ Good value for $1.00 yard* -i Fr\
O is75cyard. Present price.. 75C Tbislot „ .„.,. /Ov
O - '
O . ¦
• VA/rit© for Samples.
©
g TENNIS JAPANESE
O FLANNELS , _ CREPES
g N 7 lm- (Sf&WUrV, -- A 1.11
© goods 30 *" w * sh
« Inches wide, N^*!^ 7 **) 1 -^ Crepe, In
§ J25different lfi9i <gy aw^^ftJ^>J both Plain
O P*»««m t0 and Stripes.
• Pri«, 111 to 121 Post Street Fast "^
§ 35c yard f 20c yardKWGHTS AND LADIES FAIR
WILL BE WARMLY WELCOMED
E?nN i?T > ;l >^S^ M^t I) . E n?T« OF Z 0 ™ CRACK CALIFORNIA COMMANDERIES. WHICH WILL BE IMPORTANT AND PIC-
SOME OF THE INTERESTING PEOPLE WHO MADE UP THE COMPAXT OF
TRAVELERS THAT CROSSED THE PACIFIC FROM THE FAR EAST AND
ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY ON THE LINER GAELIC A
Lcavitfs first pre&s agent was Henry
M. Stanley, the great explorer. Stanley
»as working as a reporter on as
This book should prove to be Inter
esting reading— as on the stage of his
reminiscences appear the figures of
many well known men. Barney Bar
nato, the South African Croesus who
committed .suicide, once applied to
Leavitt for work, and Edison, the fam
ous inventor, then, in the early 60's, a
telegraph operator, was another appli
cant for a place in his employ.
Of Interest to old-timers will be the
news of the arrival here yesterday on
the lin • Gaelic of M. B. Leavitt, local
ly known as the one-time proprietor of
the old Bush-street Theater and once
famous throughout the theatrical
world as the amusement Napoleon of
America.
It was Leavitt who brought fhe first
theatrical attraction from England to
America and who first took an Ameri
can company to London. He brought
the first Eastern company to San
Francisco and was the originator of
the circuit idea in the theatrical world.
Many of the men now prominent in
the business were In Leavitt's employ
end learned the rudiments of their
business from the little Napoleon.
Leavitr returned here, after a long
absence, about seven years ago, and
reopened the Hush-street Theater. He
iMon give it up, however, and his
health falling he started on the trip
v.hich landed him here yesterday.
During his six years of travel he has
visited South Africa, India, China and
Manila, dabbling more or less, in theat
rical affairs but devoting most atten
tion to building up his health and
working a story he is writing of his
forty years' experiences as a theatrical
manager.
nere From the Orient.
Old-Time Theatrical Magnate Arrives
M. B. LEAVITT RETURNS.
The newspaper photographers who
boarded the liner in quarantine were
viewed with suspicion, and adroitly
dodged by the Count, who called to his
assistance a fellow countryman, un
tltled, but liberally initiated. E. L. K.
Schmulling was the passenger to whom
Count Boninski appealed. Schmulling,
clad in white duck and wearing a pith
hat with a rim that would have done
The "inski" bothered the Japanese,
and even after searching the Count's
bagpage, t examining his papers and
asking more questions he left the ship
only half convinced that i-wrlin and not
St. Petersburg was the titled traveler's
destination.
The Count's knowledge of Japanese
wjui on a par with the Jap's ac
quaintance with German, and neither
had more than a bowing acquaintance
with English. In English as he under
stood It, however, the navy officer
cross-examined the passenger, who re
sponded in what was also English, but
from another point of view.
The interview lasted more than an
hour.
"A list of your passengers, thank you,
please," politely alsked the Japanese
navy officer who boarded the Gaelic at
Nagasaki.
With conscientious care he spelled
name by name. He struck "Bonlnskl"
early in his reading. He gasped at the
"InBki," but said nothing until he had
finished his scrutiny. , •/; • V
"This Count Boninski— I see him if
you please."
The Count was in his stateroom, and
thither the little brown lieutenant was
conducted.
Count Alfred Bonlnski of the German
army, who arrived yesterday on the
liner Gaelic, found hjs name anything
but a passport In Japan; and If he re
turns to the Orient before the present
difficulty with Russia has been ad
justed he i*. .ends to drop from his
cognomen the St. Petersburg attach
ment.
Count Bonlnskl of the German Army
Arouses Japanese Suspicion.
NAME CAUSES TROUBLE.
Omaha paper when Leavitt engaged
him to accompany his first west-bound
show across the plains. Stanley went
with the show as far as Cheyenne,
where he threw up his job and went to
work for Bill Nye on the Cheyenne
Leader. Al Hayman was one of Leav
itt's managers and It was In his em
ploy, says Leavitt, that the Gottlobs
and the Trails got their first schooling
in the business of 'theatrical manage
ment.
Leavitt, ;ivho is accompanied by his
wife, will remain here for a few weeks
before returning to New York, where
he expects to settle down for awhile.
The son and daughter of two of the
most distinguished men in the Far
East arrived here yesterday on the
liner Gaelic. Mr. and Mrs. C. Watan
abe is the modest form their name
takes on the passenger list. Mrs. Wa
tanabe, pretty as any picture on Illus
trate 1 postal card, is the daughter of
Field Marshal Marquis Oyama, one of
Japan's greatest living eoldiers. There
are -n!y two men in Japan who enjoy
thi3 high military rank— Oyama and
Marquis Yamagata. Oyama w|is in
command of the Japanese forces that
captured Port Arthur during the Chl-
Jiese-Japanese war and much of the
tuccess of Japanese arms \ In the pres
ent conflict is due to Oyama's skill as
a military organizer.
Mr. Watanabe is the son of Viscount
Watanabe, one of the financial powers
of the island kingdom. Mr. and Mrs.
"VVatasabe are on their way to London,
where the Viscount's son will take
charge of one of the departments of
the Yokohama Specie Bank, in which
2:is family Is largely interested.
Mm. Watanabe's mother was a grad
uate of Vassar and her daughter is a
youcg woman of many accomplish
ments. She speaks several languages
and has ideas of her own on some of
the serious subjects of the day. The
Watanabea became great favorites
with their fellow travelers on the
Gaelic.
The expenses of the Bureau of En
gineering were $5735 36. of which
$4821 6S was for salaries and wages.
City Engineer Woodward yesterday
filed a report with the Board'of Works
showing the amount and character of
street work done in June. There were
twenty blocks improved, of which
thirteen were paved with bituminous
rock.
The receipts for lot surveys «were
$844 and for surveys for street work
$1018 50, a total of $1S3-' 50. This Is
the largest for any one month in the
history of the otflce.
City Engineer Woodward Submits
Statement of Largest Monthly Re
ceipts in History of Office.
FILES REPORT OF STREET
WORK DONE DURING JUXE
Strangers Part With Coin.
Patrolman M. J. Greggains took into
custody Wiljiam Corkery, Edward
Barff, Frank Mathew and Frank Black
at the - ocean beach yesterday after
noon and placed them in the tanks at
the .City Prison. The men are accused
of having, conducted a ring game, at
which .William Wright and William
Brumer, two strangers in the city, lost
$30. An Investigation is being made
by detectives.
Burglars in Wine Store.
A branch store of the Santa Rosa
Wine Company at 657 Gough street
was entered and robbed by burglars
early yesterday morning. The thieves
broke the fastenings on a rear door
with a "jimmy"* and after searching
the place carried away liquors to the
value of $50.
Continued on Pago 33, Columa t.
A pleasant little Fourth of July cele
bration was held yesterday at 12:30
p. m. in the freight auditor's office in
the Southern Pacific Railroad build
ing, Fourth and Townsend streets.
Clerks of the auditor's and ticket de
partments, with their invited guests,
entered heartily Into the proceedings.
Following was the programme: Song,
"The Star-Spangled Banner"; invoca
tion, Rev. J. M. Van Every; reading of
the Declaration of Independence, W.
T. Hamilton; recitation, "Our Flag,"
Robert Vose; chorus. "Columbia, the
Gem of the Ocean," audience; oration,
H. L. Sanborn; recitation, "Sherman's
March," John Stevenson; address, D.
W. Horsburg. freight auditor; song.
"America," audience.
Staff of the Freight Auditor's Office
Entertains Friends With Recita
tions nnd Music.
RAILROAD CLERKS CELEBRATE
BIRTHDAY OF THE NATION
' A dispatch was received In this citj;
last night announcing that James F.
Young, who la wanted here on a
charge of felony embezzlement, has
been arrested in New York. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Sarah E.
Johnson, who manages the Gait
House at Market street and Golden
Gate avenue. She makes a specific
charge that Young swindled her out
of S500, but her attorney alleges that
she lost other sums aggregating about
$8000.
While in San Francisco Young had
offices in the Starr King building and
posed as president of the Columbian
Mutual Commission Company, a get
rich-quick concern run on the tontine
plan. Mrs. Johnson and other women
of means invested money with him.
expecting large returns, but it 13
claimed they received nothing. Last
April Young disappeared. Through a
former employe Mrs. Johnson learned
that he was in New York. She ac
cordingly swore to a warrant on June
28. Young will be brought back to
stand trial.
Accused by Mrs. Johnson of This City
of Fraudulently Obtaining
Her Coin.
JAMES YOUNG ARRESTED
BY NEW YORK POUCH
Then, with a sweep of his hat and a
reassurance in German to the Count,
E. L. K. Schmulling stalked away.
Schmulling is from Java, where he has
been acting as English interpreter for
a Dutch company.
Others that arrived on the Gaelic
were: Mrs. R. W. JlcWade. wife ot
the American Consul at Canton; W. B.
Glbbins, a banker from the provinces
of England: Dr. W. E. Macklin, a mis
sionary doctor from China, accom
panied by his wife art* six children.
Ho placed his hat In front of Bon
inski. hiding the Count frdm head to
£** 8t He addressed the snap-shotters:
"You take twenty-five pictures if
you like. Then you 5 wait twenty-five
years and you never get paid."
credit in the matter of dimensions to a
family umbrella, hastened to the
rescue.
Woodland Commandery No. 21, head
ed by Eminent Commander J. R. Reth
Jr;, has engaged headquarters at the
Windsor Hotel. JFhe commandery will
bring its own band and will make a
fine showing in the grand parade. All
the "fraters" are enthusiastic over the
assured success of the conclave, which
they predict will be the most brilliant
in the annals of Templarlsm.
Seven commanderies stationed in the
northern counties of. California are as.
Colusa Commandery No* 24, ranking
among the highest in the State and ac
credited as "excellent" for six. consecu
tive years, will have not less than thir
ty-five of its forty members at the con
clave. It will establish headquarters
on the main floor of the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. Jointly with five other com
manderies from that section . of the
State,, Colusa will entertain lavishly
during the week and will exhibit some
of its choicest 'products, from which
samples will be distributed among vis
iting Sir Knights and their ladies. Dep
uty Grand Commander J. B. de Jarnatt
is a member ' of this commandery.
Eminent Sir W. H. Buster "Is its com
mander. The commandery. is certain to
make a most creditable showing as an
entertainer and in the parade.
OTIIER COMMAXDERIES.
San Jose Commandery No. 10, one of
the most loyal and prosperous in the
California Jurisdiction, will be at home
at its headquarters In the Mechanics*
Pavilion with exhibits of the wealth of
fruits and flowers of the famed Santa
Clara Valley. A souvenir will be given
to every guest. The commandery has
160 members, the majority of whom will
attend the conclave with their families.
The corps is very efficient and boasts
one of the best drill masters In the
S/ate, Captain General A. B. Cash.
San Jose Commandery has been espe
cially favored in having had two right
eminent grand commanders chosen
from its number, the Right Eminent
Sir Samuel H. Wagener and the Right
Eminent Sir George B. McKee. Emi
nent Commander William G. Alexander
is chairman of the Triennial Conclave
commHtee and of the reception com
mittee. The following are the chairmen
of the other committees: Transporta
tion, W. H. Haydock; publicity and
promotion, H. D. Mathews; flowers, W.
I. Woodrow; fruits, Albert Harris. D.
W. Smythe Is secretary of the triennial
committee.
and will extend an invitation to all
visiting Sir Knights and ladies to call
and enjoy a taste of Fresno hospitality.
Edward Sharp Valentine is eminent
commander and the following consti
tute the triennial conclave committee:
E. F. Bernhard, chairman; C. T. Cear
ley, secretary; Dr. G. H. Aiken, George
B. Land, J. C. McClurg, D. D. Allison
and Leroy F. Payne.
FROM SANTA CLARA VAIXET.
The people of San Francisco are
making extraordinary efforts to enter
tain the visitors who will attend the
triennial conclave of the Knights
Templar next September. But the bur
den as well as the pleasure of enter
taining will be shared by the people
from the interior and from. the entire
coast, from the. boundary line of the
Dominion of Canada to the Mexican
frontier, and from the Rocky Moun
tains to the sea. Never before has there
been such zeal to welcome the visitors,
or to show the advantages of all sec
tions of the Pacific Slope, as is xnanl
fested on this occasion.
The executive committee, entertain
ment committee and other committees
are busy preparing for the reception
and entertainment of the visiting Sir
Knights. These committees are in
daily receipt of information advising
them of the coming of commanderies
and delegations from California, Ore
gon, Washington and other sections of
the slope. The display to be made in
San Francisco will alone be worth the
trip across the continent and visitors
will be able to gather much informa
tion and see as much of the wonderful
products of California, Oregon, Wash
ington, Nevada, Arizona and the rest
of the coast as if they had traveled
through the mountains and valleys for
six months.
TO "EXHIBIT COAST PRODUCTS.
From every section of the country
the choicest and best it produces will
be. brought to San Francisco and ex
hibited to the visitors who will come
from all. parts of the United States,
Canada and from across the Atlantic
Nearly every commandery will keep
open house during the/week and will
have courteous Sir Knights and ladles
to entertain visitors \ and show them
the exhibit of the section of the coun
try where the commandery Is station
ed. The Mechanics' Pavilion, the prin
cipal halls and the leading hotels in
the city will be transformed into places
of exhibition, where souvenirs are to
be given to visitors, and there will be
an abundance of these.
Fresno Commandery No. 29 will be
represented at the conclave by about
seventy-five swords and will have its
headquarters in some central hall,
probably the Pythian Castle on Market
street, near Fifth, where 'it will estab
lish reception rooms and armory. The
commandery does not propose to install
a full exhibit k of Fresno's famed pro
ducts, but will have a few things grown
In and near Fresno to give to its vis
itors as souvenirs.
One of these will be a box of seeded
raisins in a Templar carton, designed
and made for the triennial. The com
mandery will keep its doors wide open
during its sojourn in • San . Francisco
sociated and will have Joint headquar
ters in the Pavilion, where they will en
tertain and display the choice products
from their soil, fields and mines. Ne
vada Commandery No. 6 will bring It3
wonderful exhibit of rich minerals, with.
Its pyramid of pure gold and a bushel
of golden nuggets. The resources of
that section being little known outslda
of California, these exhibits will be a
revelation to visitors from other parts
of the country and a valuable object
Ies3pfc to those who visit California for
the ffrst time.
The alleged fraudulent prosecutions
TWENTY COMPIiAINTS.
In proceeding with their alleged
fraudulent purposes, he says, the de
fendants concealed evidence, obtained
unreasonable continuances of trials, for
ten years falsely posted Ader as insane
and Lapique as a criminal of the deep
est dye, neglected and refused to fol
low his instructions in trials with a
view of extorting money from him, cor
ruptly influenced certain police magis
trates to withhold material evidence,
corrupted Jurors to convict him and
procured certain Judges of doubtful
character to hold him. to answer, in
flicted cruel punishment on him,' ob
structed and opened his mail, resisted
and delayed judicial officers in the dis
charge of thejr duties and employed at
torneys of their own selection to de
fend the plaintiff In civil and criminal
actions.
Lapique alleges that the defendants
conspired to control the business affairs
of himself and Ader and to manipulate
thP plaintiff's interests to suit them
selves. These manipulations are said
to have resulted In loss to the "con
spirators" and the plaintiff. Ader died
March 2, 189C. Lapique says, too, that
the confederates demanded $10,000 from
him, which he refused to pay.
He then declares that for seventeen
years past, during most of which time
he has been in Jail, the defendants have
been contriving and maliciously in
tending to Injure him and the late
Jean Louis Ader, the said incompetent.
In that period they are alleged to have
caused the arrest of Lapique and Ader
three times for insanity, one for grand
larceny, four times for embezzlement,
once for perjury, twice for misdemean
ors, four times for obtaining money un
der false pretenses, three times for for
gery and about four times on civil ac
tions.
Under the charges and on the occa
sions named Ader and Lapique were
under arrest or sentence for most of the
time for seventeen years up to January
7 of this year, when Lapique says he
was finally released and "acquitted" of
all the charges. Each charge, he says,
was made for the purpose of "annoy
ing, oppressing and impoverishing him
and Ader, and Ader's estate after his
death." He has, he alleges, been de
famed, imprisoned and disgraced, and
the purpose of his prosecutors was to
"obtain corruptly attorney's fees and
other moneys."
MUCH TIME IN" JAIL.
Forty-eight typewriten pages set
forth the general complaint and twenty
specific complaints upon which La
pique seeks to recover more than half
a 'million. As defendants he names
Abraham Ruef, P. A. Bergerot, B. P.
Oliver, John J. West, Gaston Strauss,
Arthur Mack, Louis Pistoles!, Henry
E. Highton, A. J. Greene, A. C. Freese,
Joe Dessen, A. P. Van Duzer, John
Mann, Thomas F. Whelan, Marie
Jeanne Lasclotes, J. D. McCarthy,
Frank W. Cornnyn, Theodore Kytka,
Barney Dorthy, Hu Jones, Anna Web
ber, John doe, Richard Roe, Baptiste
Icarde, Marie Doe Icarde, Joseph Can
gross, Ursule Mespley, Lawrence Mes
pley, Philip Masonauve, A. J. Bergerot,
'John Doe Bornenave, George W. Fox,
Louis Branchi, A. P. Benjamin, Marie
Doe Gamier, N. S. Wirt, Marie Doe
Faubert, Clement Layayson, Peter
Casavielle, Leontine Casavielle, Albert
B. Mahony, Joseph T. Cognet and El
ward J. Le Breton.
The persons named are described as
attorneys at law, heirs, guardians, re
ceivers, administrators, copartners,
clerks, agents, deputy sheriffs, trus
tees, intimate friends and relatives of
the plaintiff and of Jean Louis Ader, an
Incompetent, now deceased.
Lapique first sets forth that he has
lived in California for twenty-one
years and since he was seventeen years
old. He is the owner, he declares of
two bank books of Jean Louis Ader, of
the business of J. Lapique & Co., deal
ers in pickled meats at stall 56, Central
Market, 724 Vallejo street, 335% Third
street and 1165 Market " street, and of
the Silver King lodging-house at 514
Bush street.
The records of the California courts
contain nothing more astonishing than
the complaint fifed yesterday by John
Lapique, a pork-packer and hotel-keep
er, against forty-four persons, who, he
says, are responsible in different ways
for his malicious prosecution during
the last seventeen years. He Is his own
attorney and asks the court to award
him $650,000 damages for ruined busi
ness, mental suffering, injured reputa
tion and failing health.
J. Lapique Wants Over Half Million
for Broken Health Caused by
j Inhuman Persecution.
Names a Hundred Leagued
in Bitter Conspiracy
Against Him.
Porkpacker Alleges
He Was Dogged
for Years.
SAYS MAM
BANDED TO
CRUSH HIM
Pages 33 to 44
SAN FRA::CISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
Is With Her Husband, Who Is a Son of Viscount
Watanabe, Japan's Great Financier.
MARQUIS OYAMA' S DAUGHTER
ARRIVES ON LINER GAELIC
Coming Templar Conclave in This City Will Be a
Credit to State^Open House for All.Bound to Be Comfortbale.
An author who had ben jailed for
debt wrote to his wife:
"Do me the favor to send me my
Shak^rpeare, my nightgown and slip
pers, my pipe, my jug and all letters
asking for autographs, and containing
stamps. I want to be comfortable and
at peace with the world."— Atlanta Con
stitution, mmm .
Men's Handicap Brings Out a Dozen
• Competitors, but Ladles' ETent
Does Not Fill.
J. J. Crooks won the men's golf
handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play, yesterday on the links of the
San Rafael Golf Club. Though his
first round cost him 52 strokes, he
made the second nine holes in 44
strokes, the best round of the day.
His total for the eighteen holes was
96, less 2, net 94. F. H. Beaver, play
ing from scratch, returned a score of
95. The prize was a handsome stein
with a royal copper lid. The details
follow:
- ti ;? sly
£ =• 2. 5" ?
COMPETITORS. S g f S \
g = • 3 :
a. P- j ? I
J. J. Crook* 02 41 96 2 84
F. H. Beaver 47 43 95 0 05
G. Heazelton SI &i 102 4 »8
R. J. Davis K» 4S 93 O 98
E. J. Hooper 47 &O &7 2 SK>
C. A. Belden 03 54 107 2 10.".
W. J. Casey | 59 PI 110 ,3 107
D. D. L. McGrew. scratch; Maurice
Dore, handicap 3; G. M. Pinckard,
handicap 8; R. B. Hellman, handicap
8, and F. H. Green, handicap 10, made
no returns.
The ladies' handicap set for yester
day did not fill, Miss Morgan, Miss
Hoffman and Mrs. Hooker being the
orjj' entries. At the last moment the
charms of a whiz wagon proved too
great for Miss Hoffman.
On Independence day there will be
mixed foursomes on the San Rafael
courses. E. J. Hooper and Mrs. Hoop
er, R; J. Davis and Mrs. Roe have en
tered for the event. Other entries will
be received to-morrow.
Despite the bleak weather the green
at the park was crowded with bowlere
all yesterday afternoon. One of the
closest and most exciting matches ever
played at the park was a doubles be
tween J. C. Moffatt and Samuel Irv
ing and Robert Park and John Reid.
The former team won by a single
point, the score being 21 to 20. At
no time did either team lead by more
than one point or make more than
one point on an end. At 19-18 in fa
vor of. Moffatt and Irving they were
"lying three in," but by a well direct
ed shot Park carried away the jack
and scored for his side. Moffatt did
the best bowling of the four, although
little ahead of Park. The following
matches were played:
E. Medeau beat H. L. Tickner 21 to
17 and 21 to 6; M. L. Crowe and J.
Stott beat G. C. Patterson and J. W.
Elder 21 to 11; Robert Park and John
Reid beat S. Irving and J. C. Mof
fatt 21 to 18; J. T. Dare and Joseph
Gray beat J. M. Duncan and James
Means 21 to 14; T. McNaught and
Tickner beat A. McVicar and Dr.
Hamilton 21 to 11; J. C. Moffatt and
S. Irving beat Park and Reid 21 to
20; Rev. R. Logan and Gray beat J.
M. Duncan and W. Watson 21 to 12;
Clinton and 'D. Dalziel beat S. Irv
ing and D. O'Brien 21 to 13; G. C.
Patterson and Gray beat Reid and J.
Stott 21 to 18; Moffatt and J. Shaw
beat Reid and Gray 21 to 19;. Mc-
Naught and Park beat Gray and Y.
C. Lawson 21 to 19; C. C. Patterson
and Gray beat Reid and Moffatt 21
to 18. i :• :
Park Green Before a Largo
Attendance.
Excitmg Doubles Match Is Played on
SCOTCH BOWLERS COMPETE
DESPITE BLEAK WEATHER
The members of the San Francisco
Model Yacht Club will enjoy the pas
time on Spreckels Lake to-day and
to-morrow. It was the Intention of
the racing- officials to hold a special
race for the directors' cup to-morrow,
but owing to the fact that many of the
owners will be out of town it was de
cided to hold the race to-day. The
regular weekly races for the pennant
will be held to-morrow. The special
event is open to all models and the
fastest of the fleet will try conclusions.
The Surprise holds the pennant, hav
ing won it from the Roma. In the
final race the Imp finished second.
The honors of the day, however, were
carried off by a model that failed to
qualify for the finals. This was the
Zampa, the speedy boat that lowered
the record ten seconds. She negotiat
ed the windward course in 3:02. The
best previous- time was made by the
Imp early in May. The record stood
at 3:10.
In the races Sunday and Monday
Will Collier's new method will be giv
en another trial. It has many good
points, but some owners are opposed
to it. The method will be thoroughly
tried out before either it or the old
; c]ub method will be finally adopted.
Miniature Boats Will Be Seen In Com
petition on the Waters of
Spreckels Lake.
SAILORS OF MODEL YACHTS
PLAN HOLIDAY REGATTA
CROOKS PROVES A WINNER
OX SAN RAFAEL LINKS
A special correspondent who had
unusual opportunities for observing
the recent burning of the Delaware. ]
Lackawanna and Western piers while
plying on the North River in front of
Hoboken, reported that every spec
tator was impressed with the efficient
manner in which the adjacent steel
piers arrested the further progress of
the fire and prevented its spread along
the river front. Without in any way
minimizing the need of modern fire
boats and the good work of the met
ropolitan fire departments, property
owners and public officials realize the
necessity of building all new wharf
structures with fire-resisting materi
als, and steel, in conjunction with con
crete, has proved its wonderful ef
ficiency in preventing and retarding
serious conflagrations. Gustav H.
Schwab of the North German Lloyd
Company recently stated to the New
York Tribune that the . steel piers
which they built after the 1900 dis
aster were not only constructed as
fireproof as could be devised, but they
have also been an advantage in an
economical way, as they withstand the
elements and reduce the cost of re
pairs to a minimum. Dock Commis
sioner Featherson approved the con
struction of the eight new piers in the
Chelsea extension, as well as the other
piers built within the last seven years,
all of which are constructed with steel
sheds. E. E. Loomis, vice president
of the Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western Railway, stated that his road
intended to replace the burned prop
erty with modern flrenroof structures,
which will undoubtedly comprise
much steel. It is also understood that
other cities are following the lead of
New York in the erection of steel
piers and wharf sheds, among which
may be recalled Montreal, Canada,
and even such distant ports as Tarn
plco and Progreso, Mexico. — Balti
more American.
Testimony of Experts on Valno of
Steel Structures In Staying Con
flagrations.
HOW MODERN' STEEL PIERS
STOPPED A GREAT FIRE
the 4 semi-finals by getting a default,
as did MacGavin in the lower half.
If MacGavin can play the game he
did yesterday the challenge match with
Grant Smith will be a good one. Smith
played a few practice sets yesterday
and showed he has not gone back any.
The match will be played at 2:20 o'clock
to-morrow.
The women's tournament was also
completed yesterday- afternoon. In the
finals Miss Hazel Hotchkiss of Berkeley
beat Miss Lulu Wegener of San Fran
cisco In straight sets. The match, how
ever, •was by no means one-sided. Miss
Wegener played a good game and made
an excellent showing. The score was
6—4, 6—4. Miss Hotchkiss will meet
Miss Miriam Edwards, the champion,
to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock.
These two players are evenly matched
and both play a clever game.
In the semi-finals Miss Wegener had
no trouble beating Miss Jones of San
Rafael. The latter played well at times,
but was unsteady.
Those who won prizes are J. D. Mac-
Gavin, C. Griffin, H. Long and G.
Baker All four of the ladies who en
tered will receive prizes. The scores
follow:
Carl Gardner beat F. S. Mitchell, 3—6,
7—5, 6—3 (withdrew).
Second round — C. Griffin beat M.
Hotchkiss by default; H. Long beat C.
Gardner. 4— 6. 6 — 4. 7—5, 6—0; J. D. Mac-
Gavin beat M. Blumenthal by default;
George Baker beat R. T. Crawford, 6 — 3,
6—3, 6—4.
Semi-finals— Griffin beat Long, 6—0,
6—2. 6^ — 1; MacGavin beat Baker, 6 — 1,
6—4, 6—3.
Finals— MacGavln beat Griffin, 6 — 3,
6-0, 6—8, 6—2.
Women's singles— Miss Wegener beat
Miss Jones, 6 — 3, 6 — 2.
Finals— Miss Hotchkiss beat Miss
Wegener, 6 — 4, 6 — 1.
A consolation doubles tournament
for men beaten in their first match will
be held to-day. Play will be called at
10 o'clock.
CLARENCE GRIFFIN. WHO PLATED BRILLIANTLY IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP
TENNIS TOURNAMENT ON THE- SAN RAFAEL COURTS TESTERDAY UNTIL
HE MET J. D. MAC GAVIN IN THE ALL-IMPORTANT FINALS.
Union Jockey Club In Court.
ST. LOUIS, July 2. — Judge Moses N.
Sale of the Circuit Court Issued an or
der returnable July 5 requiring the
Union Jockey Club to show cause why
a restraining order should not be made
and a receiver appointed for the club.
The action was taken on the applica
tion of Judge Sterling P. Bond for
John P. Collins, a member of tho
board of managers, who declares the
club owes him several thousand dol
lars. He alleges mismanagement.
SEATTLE, July 2.— Summary:
First race, five furlongs, selling—Ba
tador won, Puredale second, North
Pole third. Time. 1:01%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs
— Priestlike won, Cardwellton second,
Bell Reed third. Time, 1:03%.
Third race, five furlongs, purse —
Hooligan won, Sea Air second, David
Boland third. Time, l:01»<i.
Fourth race, mile — Anirad won, Phyz
second. Isabellita third. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, six furlongs. King County
Selling Stake — Ocyrohe won. Budd
Wade second, Handpress third. Time,
1:13%.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards—
Platonius won, Colonel Van second.
Forest King third. Time. 1:43.
Whist Trophy for Racine Men.
NEW YORK, July 2. — In tho con
gress of the American "Whist Leagra*
to-day the most important of all the
trophy contests for the Hamilton cup,
which was begun yesterday with the
Horllck Club of Racine, Wls., and the
Cleveland Whist Club as the contest
ants In the finals to decide tha cham
pionship, resulted in a victory for the
Racine men. This gives the Horllck
Club possession of the famous whist
trophy for the next twelve months.
LONDON*. July 2.— The Graeco-
Roman wrestling match between
George Hackenschmldt, lenown as the
"Russian Don," and Tom Jenkins, the
American, at Albert Hall to-night waa
won by the former. He secured the
first fall In 20 minutes 37 seconds and
the second in 20. minutes 27 seconds.
The match was for a stake of $1250 a
side, with a purse of $10,000, two
thirds to go to the winner of two falls
Hackensclunldt Defeats Jenkins.
Kid Eagan as a Manager.
"Kid" Eagan, who has acted as con
fidential secretary for Champion Jef
fries during the past few years, has re
signed and will start East this week.
He will go first to St. Louis, where he
expects to cut in with a show. He in
tends to branch out as a theatrical
manager. His friends expect him to
make a success of it, as he has all the
necessary qualifications, including a
wide acquaintance.
Eddie Ilanlon Dne To-Day.
Eddie Hanlon is due this evening
from his successful boxing pilgrimage
to the East. His friends are prepared
to give him a rousing reception. The
train is due here at 6 o'clock.
A busy person' isn't necessarily in
dustrious. Gossips are always busy.
The greyhounds 'entered in this
week's stake at Ingleside Park were
severely tested yesterday. Many of
the trials extended over two minutes.
The longest course of the day was be
tween Queen's Motto and Grace Green
wood, the latter winning after four
minutes and five seconds.
The long shots landed with sufficient
regularity to keep the pikers in good
humor. The most decided upsets were
the defeat of Conroy, the 1 to 3 choice,
by Dorothy M; Queen's Motto by Grarce
Greenwood, at 1 to 2; Toronto by Lady
Kelp, at 1 to 3, and Pasha Pleasant by
Modest Beauty, at 1 to 2.
The dogs which are expected to run
well into the money to-day are Reck
less Acrobat, Prometheus, Rock Island
Minnie and Sea Lion.
The veteran Judge John Grace was
in the saddle and was in his best form.
In addition to a 48-dog stake to
morrow at the meet of the San Fran
cisco Coursing Club there will be a
match .between the puppies Toung
Kervy Pippin and Bright Columbia,
Yesterday's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Precita Maid a bye, Yankee Boy with
drawn: Icellus beat Golden Links. 11-5;
Eagle beat Manru, 5 T 1; Dorothy M beat
Conroy, 7-6; Reckless Acrobat beat
Jack Doe, 11-4; Grace Greenwood beat
Queen's Motto, 15-8; Humbug beat
Haddlngton, 7-3; Mark Twain beat
Good Decision, 4-3; Tom Hurlick beat
Old Ironsides, 8-4; Miss Florence beat
Piccadilly, 8-2; Queen of Victory beat
Willie Boy, 5-1; Golden Garter beat
Fenli, 9-7; Chill Mar beat Ready Ad
dress, 5-1; Rich Array beat Smiler, 6-3;
Mollle Hasklns beat Red Brick, 12-3;
Lady Kelp beat Toronto, 6-4; Regal At
tire beat Prairie Maid, 15-5; The Fid
dler beat Remlsso Animo, 26-12; Lulu
Girl beat Jerry Wright, 14-8; Bright
Fortune beat. Luxury. 26-6; Shot Gun
beat Vina, 12-7;. Peter .Mclntyre beat
Northern Lad, 24-3; Tralee Lass beat
Dartaway, 18-5; Pepper Jack beat
Chips, 5-1; Master Rocket beat Frank
Dunn, 9-7; Rolling Boer beat Flora
Temple, 6-5; Cluster beat Master Wash
ington, 7-4; Imperious beat Dear Gas
ton, 7-3; Belfast beat Topsy Turvy,
15-7; White Stockings beat Free Casta,
8-2; St. Louis Boy beat Ethel P. 9-5;
Lady . Menlo, beat Proper, 8-1;
Prometheus beat Beluga, 7-1; Courtly
Guest beat Colored. Lady, 11-8; , Real
Duchess beat Thelma, 18-7; Wedgewood
beat Tobasco Bob, 2-0; Don Pedro beat
Royal Spirit, 6-4; Firm Fellow beat
Nordica, 4-2; Rocklin Boy beat Oulda,
10-6; Lily York beat Gray Eagle. 14-3;
Modest Beauty beat Pasha Pleasant,
5-X; May Tunnison beat Meddlesome,
6-0; Wattles beat Commercial Traveler,
6-0; Rock Island Minnie beat Annie
Ryne, 5-1; Donnybrook beat Jessie
Dear, 12-9; Sea Lion beat Trotting Bob,
38-5; Magic Stuff beat Hermit, 5-3; Po
mona beat Frisky Boy, 6-3.
Grace Greenwood Defeats
Queen's Motto in the Long
est Contest of the Day
FOUE MINUTE COURSE
FIFTH RACE — Six furlong* ; higawelght
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %, Fin.
15 to 1 — Cloten, IDS (Wonderly). . 113 11
7 to 1— Kohtnoor. 110 (Redfern). 5 2 h 2 h
5 to 1— Grey Friar, 122 (HUdebr) 2 5 2 3 V4
Time, 1:14 2-5 Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, J. E. Seagram's ch. g. by Hazelnatch-
Cymbeline. Major Pelham, Honlton, New York,
Athel, Queen Elizabeth, IsWana. Schoharie,
Monte Carlo and Homestead finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Mil* and a sixteenth: setting;
three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Jane Holly, lt»l (Hildebr) 1 Hi Hj
15 to 1— Cincinnati. 108 (Wond) 2 2 3 2 5
4 to 1— Goldom*. 104 (H.Phillips) 6 6 13 6
Time 1:47 3-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Yeagers ch. m. by Slelpner-
Sena RoyaL Bob Murphy. Dimple. Hydrangea,
Larther On. Himself. Arrah Gowan. Rath
owtn, Ernest Parham. Fort Plain and Reveille
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Mile and a quarter; th«
Commonwealth handicap; three-year-olds and
up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Ort WelU, 110 (O'Nell). « 4*411
15 to 1— The Picket, 12tt (H.Phil) 7 7 12 3
13 to 5— Irish Lad, 132 (Hlldebr) 1 1 n 3 H
Time. 2:06 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. • Drake's ch. c. by King Eric-
Tea's Over. Toboggan, Eugenia Burch. River
Pirate, Ormonde's Right. Light Brigade and
Proper finished as named.
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. P. J. Dwyer"s ch. c. by The Friar-
Sunbeam. Gilpln, Pasadena, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Spring;
two-year-olds:
B?tting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Red Friar. 117 (J.Martln)4 3 1 lh
12 to 1— Ascot Belle.lllfWondfrly)2 2%2h
13 to 10— Waterside. 122(H.Philllps)l 12 3 7
Time, 4:04-3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner C. M. Harris' ch. g. by Falconer-
Maggie Ward, Gascar, Alum Water. Lyrtc. Red
Path. Black Death. Walter Clean*. Candling.
Farmers* Foe. Garter Buckle, Bermuda King,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE — About two miles; handicap
and steeplechase:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Conover, 148 (F. Bolman).4 11 12
4 to 1— Fulmlnat*. 151 (Ray) 7 2 3 2 2
13 to 5 — Flying Buttress, 146(Hydn>3 3 15 3 25
Time. 1:07 2-5. .Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. A. L. Aste's b. f. by Dr. McBrlde-
The Bohemian Girl. Diamond Flush, Delcanta.
Blue Coat. Workman, Recreo, Little Butter
cup, Star Lilly. Pink Garter, Salt and Pepper,
Awakening. Hawtrey. Melroue, Blesotngs Lost,
Fountain, Frank Tyler, finished as named.
FIRST RACE— Five- and a half furlongs;
telling; two-year-olds:
Bottirg. Herse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. «4" Fin.
12 to 1— Peggy, 10© (Cormack).. ..1 12 1 IVj
12 to 1— TorchellO. 106(H.Callahan)5 5 h 2 %
ti to 0 — Niblick, 108 (H. Phillips). 4 2 1 3n
NEW YORK, July 2.— Ort Wells, the
favorite, won the Commonwealth han
dicap, one mile and a quarter, to-day
at Sheepshead Bay. The Picket, 4 to
1 for the place, was .second and Irish
Lad second. Irish Lad, the winner of
the Advance stakes, ran true for a
while, after which he began to sulk
aitd fell back. The start was good.
Irish Lad showed In front at once, with
Light Brigade second and Ort Wells
third.
In the run down the stretch Irish
Lad was still leading, but near the
half-mile Ormonde's Right, River Pi
rate and Toboggan led the field into
the stretch. When straightened out for
the home run O'Neill, on Ort Wells,
sent his mount up and in a hot drive
won by one length' from The Picket.
The latter closed very strongly in the
stretch and secured the place by three
lengths from Irish Lad.
The finish in the Spring stakes was
close and exciting. The first three
horses were heads apart. Attendance,
25,000. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH R A £e— Three-year-olds and up;
one and three-sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Hymettus 1C4 (J. Henry).. 8 15 12
5 to 2 — Elle, 98 (H. Anderson) 4 3 4 2 5
6 tol— BeF8!eMcCarthy,lC9(D.Aust)2 4 3 3 5
Time, 2:01 1 i- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Phillips & Co's. b. ra. (4) by felr
Dlxon-Merdln. Salivate 95. Compass 100, Jim
Winn 102, May Spring 1C3, Orpheum 103. fin
ished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yardsj
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
7 to 1— Pretension, 97 (McLKhlin).S 11 11
10 to 1— Alice Turner. 104 (Stoval)2 2 1 2 2
5 to 1— Athena. 9-'t (W, Davis)... 3 6 1 3h
Tlmo 1:46H. Start good. Won driving.
"Winner! P- M ClvlU's b. g. (3) by Orlflamb-
Vanlty. Turrar.do 105, Flora Bright 9S, Ada
V 1C0 Huckleberry Finn 105, I Know 105,
Lady Fonse 87, Leenja 100, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — Four-year-olds and up; one
and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Flying Torpedo,104(H.And)4 1 nk 1 nk
1 to 2— Iternays, 105 (J. Booker). 5 2 3 2 5
13 to 1— Light Opera, 102(D.Austln)2 3 2 3 8
Time, 1 :48V>- Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. S. Lazarus' ch. h. (6) by Hanover-
Gypsy. South Breeze 102. Warte Nicht 105.
finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE— Three-year-olds; St. Louis
Derby; one and a half miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 20— English Lad, 127(Doratnk)4 14 13
3 to i— Moharib. 127 (W. Fisher)3 2 8 2 15
15 to 1— Elwood, 127 (Prior) 2 3 2 3 4
Time. 2:36%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, F. Cook's ch; c. <3) by Requital-English
Lftdy. Rainland 119 also ran.
Time l:l(i. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, T P Hayes & Co.'s ch. f. (3) by Oma
mei.t-Bcf»sle V. C. Goody Two Shoes 100, One
More 109, Dr. ScharfT 100, Blissful 106. Mor
della 93 Howling Dervish 100, Lansdown 104,
King Fox II 97, Ladas 109, Sid Silver 109,
Tally Ho 107, Happy Chappy 102. finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
5 to 1— Orient. 08 (Austin) 8 51 1%
Otol— Jo e Goss, 110 (Ivers) 6 2 2 2%
20 to 1— Our Lillle. 90 (Williams) 6 4^33
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Kurtzman. 114 (Domnck) 1 lh 11
2 to 1— Broomhandle 109 (Dale). 2 2 3 2 4
40 to 1— Monaco Maid, 100 (Flshr) 3 3 3
Time, 1:C6>4- Start good. Won driving.
Winner. F. Cook's ch. c. (2) by The Com
muter-Marlon G. Three starters.
ST. LOUIS, July 2.— English Lad, rid
den by Jockey Eddie Dominlck of St.
Louis and owned by Fred Cook, al«o
of St. Louis, won the St. Louis Derby
and a purse of $13,345 to-dav in a gal
lop. Moharib was second, three lengths
behind English Lad and fifteen lengths
ahead of Elwood. English Lad clearly
outclassed his field. Cook's colt waa
favorite in the betting at 7 to 20. Mo
harib v/as second choice at threes and
Elwood fifteen. Two to one the field
against English Lad went begging at
post time.
Starter Dade sent the horses away
without a minute's delay. Moharib
and Rainland went to the front at
once, followed by English Lad. Pass
ing the stand the first time Moharib
was a nose in front of Rainland, Eng
lish Lad six lengths back and Elwood
ten lengths behind the favorite.
The positions remained the same up
the backstretch', Moharib and Rainland
leading by three lengths, English Lad
third, under a heavy pull, fifteen
lengths ahead of Elwood. At the- mile
and an eighth Domlnick gave English
Lad his head. He passed Rainland,
which had had enough, then challenged
Moharib, and after a brief struggle
passed the Schorr colt. At the stretch
turn English Lad had the field at his
mercy. He increased his lead to four
lengths an eighth of a mile from the
wire and won eaally by six lengths.
Bernays, the odds-on favorite In the
third race, fell to his knees at the start.
He was sent after the field, overhauling
them one by one, but could not get up
in time to beat Flying Torpedo. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Home, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Avoid. 102 (Vanderbllt).. 4 2 V4 1 Vt
6 to 1— King Rose. Ill (Austin). I 3^21
12 to 1— Debbie May, 91 (Davis). 2 5 1 3ft
Time, 1:15^4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, D. A. Honlg's b. m. (4) by Ttthonus-
Tcuch Not. Miss Betty 93, Blumenthal 94,
Bensonhurst 100, Kiowa Chief 101, Chorus Boy
107, Silver Thistle 101, Wager 105, Miss Gome*
93, Miss Manners 109, Ivernla 102, Lady Felix
103. Percy Clark 108, finished aa named.
SIXTH." RACE— One mile; thxee-year-ol3a;
purse:
Betting 1 . Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— C. Forge, 110 (Songer) ..1 12 12
9 to 5— Lonsdale. 105 (OUphant)..2 22 23
8 to 1— K. Ellsworth. 105 (Henry) 6 3 2%43 5
Time. 1:412-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's ch. c. by Handsome-
Illisee. Exclamation 100, Japan 105. Lucy E
S 100. Langford James 102. finished u
named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
three-year-c!d3 and ud; selling:
Ectting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Pt. v ± Fin.
6 to 5 — Harrison. 103 (Lawce) 3 2 2 1 ck
8 to 1— IJIackwolf. V2 (Piera::).. 8 4^24
11 to 2— M. Manstr. 104 (Henry) 4 5 143 1
Time. 2:07 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. C. Wagner'3 br. e. (4) by Free
Knlsnt-Nilety. Falernlan ST. Ebony 93. Gus
Strauss.87, Tancred li>4. finished as named.
THIRI> RACE — One in Ha; handicap; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Hcrse, Weight. Jocksy. St. % Fin.
13 to 1— Beau Orraonde.117 fFelc) S 8 *i 1 1
7 to 1— Port Royal. 115 (Mclnt) 4 12 2^
7 to 1— Ar.utMas, 102 (Reed) 3 2h 82
Time. 1:41 1-5. Start e°od. Won handily.
Winner. E. L. Krlpp's cli. h. (8) by Ormcndo
5Il?j Brumaiei. Jo* L*iser 1C5. Incubator 115.
Frter J. Homers 95. For.casta 97. Xew Mrwa
Hay 102, Jake 1CS, finished as namad.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Eft. % Fin.
—Miss Inea. 105 (HiM'r) 3 1 2 1 h
11 to 10— La Londe, 100 (Henry) 4. 5 8 2 2
7 to 1 — The Belle. 104 (Oliph't) 7 2 Vt 3 T.Tx.
Time, 1:08. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's blk. t. by Pirate of
Penzance-Lady Inez. Cigar Lighter 107,
Plr.kerton 112. Peggy Mine 104, Annie Alor.»
104, Ccished as named.
SECOND RACE — Six furlcr.es; »«ni2*; four
year-olds and up:
Bettlnj. Horse. Weleht. Jockey. Bt. H Ttn.
0 to 2— Princess Tuiane.lOO(Knp) 112 1 ZVfc
U to 1— Don't Ask Me. U>4 (Law) » 8 2 \%
25 to 1— Maud Muller. 102 <McB) 4 3 2 S 2
Time, 1:14 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. James Curl's br. f. (1> by His Hi*h
ne.?s-Best Wishes. Zibia lf>4. Mary McCaSerty
102, Orfeo 111. Scotsman 100. Celabratioo 100.
Beautiful and Best 112. Jo» Frey 114. Lulu
Marr 102, finished as named.
CHICAGO, July 2.— Beau Ormonde, at
the false price of 13 to 1, won tho
mile handicap to-day at Hawthorne.
Beau Ormonde carried the top
•weight. 317 pounds. He was off next
to last, but shot to the front at the
first- turn. He was then passed down
the back stretch by Port RoyaJ. Turn
ing Into the stretch Port Royal swunff
¦wide, losing about two lengths. Beau
Ormonde quickly took advantage of the
situation and led his field to tlie wire,
finishing with rare, gameness.
James Curl cut loose a good thin? In.
the second race in his four-year-old
mare, Princess Tulane, •which was
backed from 6 to 1 down to 9 to 2.
She proved easily the best as the race
was run. "Big Bill" Knapp got her
away v/ell to the front, and after Zlbia
had set the pace for half a mile the
Princess went to the front. She secured
a lead of two lengths and was never
headed, winning by two and a half
lengths. The track was fast and the
weather ideal. The largest crowd that
has attended the Hawthorne meeting
th!s year passed through, the gates.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a. halt furtaaffH
purse; two-year-olds:
I'etilnff. H.-w. Weight. Jocksy. St. %, «a.
7 to 1 — Moorish Damsel.H0(HoO 1 S 1 1 1
11 to 1 — Marie Frances, 110 (Ollp) T 8^21
5 to I— Aunt Katherln«.103 (Kly) S 7 7 3 h
Time. :56. Stirt good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. S. Brown's br. t. by Esher-La Moor*.
Barbara Whitlnjr 113. Clara Berry 113, Gr««»
Gown 115. Lou Merrcll 103. Swedish T-a-iy 110.
Gertie AU-n 103. Frances DUlon 108. finished
as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ort W ells Defeats The Picket
and Irish Lad in Common
wealth Handicap.
Exciting Trials Are Wit
nessed in First Round
of Ingleside Park Stake
Beau Ormonde, at 13 to 1,
Wins Handily at Haw
thorne Track.
Is Hard Held Until the
Bend for the Wire Is
Reached.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
FOLLOW HARES
FRED COOK'S COLT STARTS
A PROHIBITIVE FAVORITE
ENGLISH LAD TAKES THE RICH ST. LOUIS DERBY IN A GALLOP
MacGAVIN IS VICTORIOUS
IN THE TENNIS TOURNAMENT
Will Meet Champion Grant
Smith in the Challenge
MatelL
J. Drummond MacGavin, the crack
player of tlie California Tennia Club,
carried oft the honors yesterday at San
Rafael. MacGavin won the tournament
with ease. At no time was he in dan
ger of losing a match. He was at his
best, and men like George Baker and
Clarence Griffin stood absolutely no
show against him. In the finals Griffin
¦won the third set from MacGavln, but
the latter had annexed the first two bo
easily he became careless, and his
ycur.ger opponent was not slow to take
advantage of the let up. In the fourth
and final set MacGavln again settled
down to hard play and won out easily.
Clarence Griffin of the Golden Gate
Club secured a place in the finals by
p!ayir.g a steady, accurate game. In
the semi-finals he disposed of Herbert
Long: without an effort. Long played
excellent tennis in the early rounds. He
has beaten Griffin in practice regularly
of late. Despite this fact Griffin went
into the match with great confidence,
and by playing constantly at the net
beat Long almost as he pleased. Long
was rather footsore and considerably
off in his game.
The semi-final match between Mac-
Gavin and George Baker was the best
of the day. Many thought Baker would
win, but his safe "get-back" game
availed him naught against the hard
hitting, accurate game of MacGavin.
The latter used a swift chop, of which
he seemed to have perfect control. He
rarely drove, and then only when it be
came necessary- His service was strong
and xvon ace after ace for him. Baker
tried hard and played a good game, but
MacGavin was much too strong for
him. looker, like Long, was troubled
some by blistered feet. MacGavin won
in straight sets, the score being 6— L
6-4. fr— 3.
In the morning Carl Gardner won an
unfinished match from Frank Mitchell.
Kach had won a set on Friday, and the
third and deciding one went to Gard
ner. The latter won the first set from
Long, but lost the next three. •
In the upper half Griffin went into
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 190*.
Friendship is one of the things- that
cannot be preserved in alcohol.
Canadian Insurance on Mail.
• The Canadian Postofflce Department
inaugurated on March 28 a system of
insuring valuable letters. Under these
regulations letters only are accepted
for insurance and the person insuring
must pay (1) the regular postage rate
for letters, (2) the 5-cent charge for
registration, (3) a fee varying from 3
to 6 cents, according to the limit of
compensation. These insurance fees
are as follows: For $10 limit of com
pensation, 3 cents; for $15, 4 cents; for
$20, 6 cents, and for $25 limit, 6 cents.—
Baltimore Herald.
The world's available quantity of ani
mal grease tends to diminish annually,
yet the United States, up to this time,
has remained a manufacturer of cotton
oil only as. a substitute material for
the 8oap trade. Thi3 one resource has
been greatly reduced, owing to the ex
panding markets for comestible grades.
Even if these facts were not true, we
would have to remember that the cot
ton crop is, broadly speaking, a sta
tionary crop. No vast or rapid increase
may be expected hereafter in the avail
able quantity of ' American cotton
seeds.— Baltimore Herald.
World's Supply of Animal Grease.
Miss Anthony Indignant. .,
Miss Anthony and her outraged sis
ters should calm themselves. No in
sult was, of course, intended by the in
clusion in their Berlin hotel bill charges
"for wine and beer." As Mark Twain
long ago discovered, you might as well
burn a whole candle as a half a one in
Germany,' for you will pay for the
whole one. The only way to get ahead
of a German hotel keeper is to burn the
candle, eat the soap and drink the beer.
Miss Anthony and her friends should
profit by the example of the country
man and his deaf wife, -who ran up
against a $1 50 dining-car meal for the
first time. "Eat all you can, Maria,"
the man shouted to his wife; "I'll tell
you later." Just to show their inde
pendence and that no German can Im
pose upon them, the American suffrag
ists should drink all the beer that is
coming to them. — New- York Globe.
34
Seattle Race Results.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To
I Weak
\ Strength, power, force, energy
j and activity are what makes
1 life worth living. With thou-
sands of men these things are
lacking, and the lack is due to
¦ ailments such as I treat with
i a certainty of curing. Men's
E diseases have been ray spe-
i cialty for seventeen years, and I
£ Invite all those afflicted to con-
! suit me free of cost. My meth-
Iods are original, scientific and
adequate, and this is why my
cures are permanent and are
quickly accomplished.
1 1 DR. O. C. JOSLEN*.
\\ The Leading Specialist
! "Weakness." .
[¦I - I have ascertained by the clos-
tj -est observation in thousands of
I j cases that only in rare instances
H Is the general constitution or
J* nervous pystem involved to any
0 noticeable degree whatever, and
H that "weakness" in all its
? phases is merely a symptom of
H prostatic disorder. Such cases
1 j may show temporary improve-
I J ment under stimulating pro-
Is ccsse-s of treatment, but. ulti-
' mate relapse is certain to fol-
H low such methods. The only
i } radical cure is the removal of
! 3 abnormal local conditions, and
it this I accomplish through care-
•*i fully directed local measures.
jj My treatment is entirely dis-
»'} tinctlve and original and the
|* results I claim are thorough
M and permanent. No other phy-
|i eician employs my methods, or
I * even, imitates my success in
'{ curing.
jj Varicocele
9 Many who are but slightly r.f-
H flicted with varicocele believe
\'i that the trouble is of Ititle con-
5" sequence. The opposite is true.
U Varicocele is a disease of a pro-
H gresslve nature. As it advances,
¦ nervous complications come.
[? power diminishes and the gen-
m «*ral health is impaired. I cure
P Varicocele in flve days without
K the use of knife, ligature or
' _ caustic, without pain and with-
p out detention from business.
! ft o
f X also cur* with equal sue- 1
I- cess Contracted Disorders, I
-,;j Specific Blood Poison, Stric-J
U tore. Xydroccle and Pilee. \
U 1 ISy rcei Are Pair; My Cnres T
i\ I Are Permanent, and "Ton I
i ; < Caa Pay When Cnzed. I
H o O
[j coirsTJXTATioar feee
ii At office or by mall. My paraph-
|j let, "Live All Your Tears a
|j Man." mailed free.
I DR. 0. (TjOSLEN
Ii Cor. Market and Xearoy Sts.
| j Pri%"*te Entrance. 702 Market uV
H "Oiflce Hour* — Week Days, 8 a.m.
|! to 4:30 p. a; 6 to 8:30 p. m. ,
I 1 SUNDAYS, 10 a. zn. to 1 p. m.
H only.
If you wish to buy or trade
horses ; or ungons our advertis-
ers .will meet your wants.
Bargains in to-day's HORSE
AND WAGON' COLUMN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOfflTSfflDMUSCLES^SWOUIH AMD STIFF J|jr^SL
A disease so painful and far-reaching in its effects \j
upon the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep \jffij5frw r
and well-laid foundation. It originates and develops in ll8f* f
the blood, and, like other diseases of the Blood, is fre-
quently inherited. The poisonous acids with which the y8Bkl^^-L^jl^^
blood is charged circulate through the system, breaking
down the health, irritating
the nerves, settling in joints i had ft B0Tere .ttikSfjfflfeSg^SS..
and muscles, and causing the **»!?• I y»» laid up in bed for six months, and tha
sharp, cutting pains peculiar t3X?^^F&^£?Z£?%£iSgk
to Rheumatism. Unless the "pemad to help ma. Finally I left off their m»dl-
blood is purified, joints and
muscles become coated with could not close them when opened. I w»s retting
t h(- firrid matter and are ren- dl8CO «»eed when I be*an S. S. 8., but as I taur it
tne acna mauer ana are ren- WM help r aff xae, continued, and to-day ama sound,
dereel stiff and sore, and the well man.
nerves completely wrecked. 1355 Mt. Vernon At.. a. h. CHAPMAN.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internal treat-
ment. Liniments, plasters and such things as are applied outwardly, give
>¦"¦>•%! on ty temporary relief. S.S.S. is the recognized great-
f^^ iCT^ iC^ cs ' °* a^ klood purifiers and tonics, and in no disease
V^^w V^^^ V^^^ does it act so promptly and beneficially' as Rhetuna-
K^J tism, neutralizing the acids and restoring the blood
to a pure, healthy condition and invigorating and
toning up the nerves and all parts of the system. It is guaranteed strictly
vegetable. Write us should you desire medical advice, which will cost you
nothin s- IK S S 5 *^ «*•Transformation of a Shabby Man.
A certain New York man whose
bank account is. so fat that it takes
six figures to measure it used to go
around looking reprehensibly shabby.
Recently there has been a change in
his appearance. Nowadays his attire
is really natty and he shaves at least
three times a week.
,One day the shabby, loking man
went into J. Pierpont Morgan's office
on business connected with charity.
He asked to see Mr. Clarke, who looks
after some "of the charity affairs in
which Mr. Morgan is interested.
"Mr. Clarke is not innow/'said one
of the clerks. "If you. will come- to
morrow you may be able to catch him
-and' possibly he will help you a" lit
tle."
The. shabby looking . man thought
that closing ; sentence - sounded - rather
queer. '. \ '"' .'/" ¦>¦['<¦ •'¦" . -- ". V ', ¦-¦• '
"Thank you," he said sarcastically.
"You are . very kind."
;V "That's all right," replied the clerk.
"I've been broke myself." -
The : shabby-looking man saw light.
"Oh," he said.
* Since -then the shabby-looking ' man
has ceased to be shabby-
AMERICAN ARMAMENT
EQUALS EUROPE'S BEST
Rear Admiral O'Neill Says Our War
ships 1 Equipment Is Surpassed
Nowhere.
PARIS, July 2. — Rear Admiral
Charles O'Neill, U. S. N., is here in
vestigating French armor and arma
ment. The Ministry of Marine has is
sued him a permit to visit the fleet and
great dock yards at Toulon, to which
place he went to-night. Later he will
visit the Northern fleet and dock yards
at Cherbourg and Havre. Admiral
O'Neill has alreadv forwarded to the
Navy Department a report concerning
British armor and armament. After
ieaving France he will visit German
naval ports. He said:
•Speaking generally, my observations
lead to the conclusion" that the armor
and armament of American ships are
equal or' superior to those of the best
foreign fleets. Some I claim that Euro
peans have superior rapid-fire heavy
guns. My inquiry also shows that our
guns do not suffer In comparison with
the best foreign types."
are set forth in twenty separate com
plaints on the following grounds:
First— On July 2, 1895, defendants filed
a petition charging Ader with Insanity,
and appointed Gaston Strauss as his
guardian.
Second — On July 2, 1895, Lapique was
charged with embezzling a watch from
a lunatic, and was acquitted in May,
1S96. .
Third— On July 5, 1895, they instigated
a lunatic to charge him with having
stolen $450; he was acquitted In May,
1896.
Fourth— On July 12, 1S93, he was
charged with felony embezzlement from
one Ursule Mespley; never examined.
Fifth— On July 15, 1895, he was
charged with embezzling $300 from Ader
and waa imprisoned for four years.
Sixth — On August 21, 1895, he was
charged with perjury and adjudged
"not guilty." \
Seventh— On 1 June 21, 1895, he was
charged with embezzling $100, and
found "not guilty." y
Eighth — On August 10, 1895, he was
charged with embezzling $600 from
Ader, and found "not guilty."
Ninth— On August 10, 1S93, he was
charged with forging a note for $800
and imprisoned for five years, until
January 7, 1904.
Tenth— On August 10, 1899, he waa
charged with forging an indorsement' of
"Louise Legarde" on a note for $800
and was imprisoned for six months. .
Eleventh— On August 10, 1899, he was
charged with having feloniously utter
ed the above note and was found "not
guilty."
Twelfth— On March 1, 1895, he was
charged with having embezzled $300
from the co-partnership and upon ap
plication of some of the defendants
Josph W. Adams was appointed as re
ceiver of the business..
ANOTHER RECEIVER.
Thirteenth— On June 28, 1893. a com
plaint to dissolve the partnership was
filed on the ground that he had failed
to invest $800 as directed and B. F. Oli
ver was appointed receiver. This ac
tion was later abandoned.
Fourteenth— On June 12, 1894, he was
found "not guilty" of a charge of bat
tery.
Fifteenth— On July 17, 1893, some of
the defendants represented that the
Silver King house at 514 Bush street
was the property of Ader, Incompetent,
and that Lapique had embezzled $5000
from Ader. On this showing Gaston
Strauss was appointed as Ader's guar
dian and Ader was confined up to
March 2, 1896, when he waa found dead
in Mission road "on a dark and stormy
night."
Sixteenth— On August 20, 1893, action
was begun on an alleged bill of sale
from Ader for the Silver King, but the
action was not prosecuted.-
Seventeenth— On November 2, 1896,
without his consent, Laplque's attor
neys began suit against A. C. Freese,
administrator of Ader's estate, for pos
session of the Silver King, alleging
that Ader was indebted to Lapique for
$7328 £0. The pupose of this suit, which
was abandoned, was, he says, to ex
tort money from him.
Eighteenth— On July 7, 1S93, affidavits
were filed reDresenting that It would
be for the best interest of the plaintiff
to sell his perishable property at 56
Central Market.
ACCUSED OF INSANITY.
Nineteenth— On/ January 20, 1903, "to
cover up, their fraudulent acts in the
misuse of funds of the Ader estate,"
the defendants caused Lapique to be
arrested for insanity and he was con
fined in an insane ward until February
2, when, upon examination, he was de
clared sane.
Twentieth— On December 9, 1903, he
AMERICAN SALVATIONISTS
WELL RECEIVED IX LONDON
Ovation Greets Arrival of Delegates
From United States to Army's
Congress In England.
LONDON, Julv 2. — The American
delegation to the Salvation Army Con
gress spent to-day In sight-seeing,
there being no important meetings at
the International Hall, on the Strand.
Commander Booth-Tucker, . head of the
American delegation, said:
"The Salvation Army International
Congress beggars description. Im
mense crowds throng ther© daily and
watch the delegates. With their na
tional colors and numerous braes
bands they march through the prom
inent streets dally. The attendance at
the Strand and Exeter Halls average
15,000 to 20.000 daily. Nine extra the
aters and town halls have been en
gaged for Sundays, besides the large
army halls. The aggregate of a large
Sunday attendance is more than a
hundred thousand and tens of thous
ands are unable to gain admission.
"A splendid spirit of unity and broth
erhood exists among the national rep
resentatives, the Germans, French,
Italians, Dutch, Swiss, Scandinavians,
Russians, Japanese, Chinese and Hin
doos fraternizing with each other.
About 500 conversions were recorded
last Sunday.
"The American delegation was gladly
received. The staff, the band, in cow
boy costume: the Kentucky outriders
and the choir of colored songsters re
ceived grand ovations."
Ever since the middle of February
the shad fishermen have been prepar
ing for the opening of the season on
the Delaware. While the river was full
of ice the veteran fisherman, Captain
Rice, had his men at work getting the
immense net ready, calking the boats
and repairing the houses in which the
little army of shad fishermen are shel
tered during the season. As soon as
the river was sufficiently clear of ice
the preliminary and all important work
of cleaning up the flotsam and jetsam
so as to leave the fishing ground free
for the net was begun.
It takes weeks of hard work to clear
up the debris of a winter. The Dela
ware shad fishing grounds are the
graveyard of all the floating wreckage,
old junk and miscellaneous rubbish
that finds its way down the river, and
the shad fishermen have a ghastly
time of it during the cleaning-up per
iod.
CURIOUS THINGS FOUND.
Every foot of the river has to be gone
over. The process of cleaning up
brings to the surface broken benches
from some of the riverside parks, sofas
without legs and legs without sofas,
chairs without backs and backs with
out chairs, dilapidated tables, packing
boxes innumerable, empty bottles by
the thousand, planks studded with jag
ged nails, remnants of baskets, odds
and ends of sodden wearing apparel
and sometimes an unrecognizable body
that has lain at the bottom of the
river all the winter hiding the story of
a murder or suicide.
When the river is cleared of the rub
bish so that the big net can be cast
without fear of its being ripped to
pieces during the process of hauling in
the shad fishermen are ready to begin
work. The sight is so picturesque that
hundreds go down to Gloucester to see
the net cast.
Captain Rice, the veteran shad fish
erman, employs the services of sev
enty-five men, and these are assisted
by no less than eight horses during
the hauling of the nets. Two casts are
made daily. It takes so long to cast
the net and draw It in that It is im
possible to make, more than two casts
a day.
NET LARGEST IN THE WORLD.
The huge net, the biggest in the
world, is two miles long. That is to
say, the net itself is a mile long and
the ropes that, support it are another
mile in length, half a mile on either
side of the net proper, so that the
operations of the fishermen cover a
distance of not less than two miles
every time the net is cast.
In the middle the net is thirty feet
deep, tapering to ten feet at other parts.
After the net has been properly cast
it. requires the united exertions of the
men and the eight horses for one
perspiring hour before the haul is
brought near shore.
A huge "boat with a double row bt
oarsmen is the craft used to take the
net out for the casting.
When the experienced men have
loaded the net on the boat the captain
of the casters directs the oarsmen
where to row for the attempt, and
having selected his ground, he throws
the end of the net overboard and pays
it out as the men row away. When
every foot is thrown from the boat the
signal is given to the haulers and the
work of dragging in the net is begun.
HAULING IN THE CATCH.
After an almost interminable amount
of pulling at an apparently endless
rope the network begins to show Itself
on the surface of the water. By and
by the 'men set hold of the rope that
holds the net and then the Delaware
begins to look like a river ruffled by a
tremendous hail storm. The surface is
churned into foam by the frantic ef
forts of thousands of fish to break
through the net. The smaller fish are
able to get away through the wide
meshes of the net. Some of the shad
even escape by jumping boldly out of
the water . and getting Into safe water
over the too of the net. C
Slowly the net nears the. shore with
its struggling mass of silvery shad, and
Captain Rice" drops his sing-song and
prepares for action. His orders to the
men are sharp" 'and snappy. Careless
ness at this stage means, the loss of
valuable fish, for if the ropes are not
held taut the shad can escape over the
top. Sometimes the veteran leaves his
post between the lines and takes a
hand himself at the hauling. As soon,
however, as ; the fish begin to come
within- seizing distance Captain Rice
takes the center of, the stage, so to
speak, for no one but the leader and
his trusted lieutenants handle the fish.
A boat is propelled, Into the middle of
the mass of shad, now in comparative
ly shallow I' water, \ and ; the fish are
caught and thrown into the boat.
-They are usually so numerous i that
they can be picked up by hand from
the meshes of the net. When the
catch seems to be all In the'boat the
net is : hauled .up, the last ¦ remaining
stragglers taken out of the meshes and
deposited with their friends and rela
tives In the boat, and the net is Imme
diately got ready for a second'cast.—
New^York Telegram.
Delaware Fishermen Own
Largest Contrivance for
Dragging River Depths
SHAD NET O VER
TWO MILES LONG
Carnegie should hasten to distribute
a few of his largest libraries in Col
orado.
ATLANTA, Ga., July 2. — - Bobby
Walthour, the bicycle rider, who was
severely injured in a race at the Stad
ium here Thursday night, is- rapidly
recovering. . V
Cyclist Walthour Recovering.
"Always- remember, Tommy," said
his elderly uncle, patting him , on the
head, "that 'one to-day is worth two
to-morrows.' " "Gee!" exclaimed
Tommy. "It's worth a ... million ,. of
'em! To-day's a show day, an* to
morrow's the beginnin 1 of school!"—
Chicago Tribune.
GERMANY WILL NOT OPPOSE
CALIFORNIA COLONIZATION
Unlikely to Interfere With Emigra
tion of Families From the
Fatherland.
ST. LOUIS. July 2.— F. Gill I g, who
recently arrived here from California,
where he spent four months in the in
terests of German wine growers and
bankers, to-day met. by appointment
at the California building on the
World's Fair grounds Dr. E. Carlotta,
chief of the German Press Syndicate
of the World's Fair, to l*"irn from
the veteran journalist whether the pro
posed colonization of Germans in Cali
fornia would be opposed by the Ger
man Government. ' After conferring
with Gillig Dr. Carlotta said t. mem
bers of the press that the. German au
thorities could be depended upon not to
oppose the immigration of Germans to
California, provided they were assured
that the Immigrants would find happy
homes and profitable employment.
UNCLE'S MEN HIT, BUT LOSE.
Shutting Off Runs.
Portland Makes Four Double Plays,
PORTLAND, July 2.— The San Fran
cisco players hit the ball often enough
to-day to win. Roach was touched up
for eleven hits and Druhot, who was
p'ut in in the ninth inning, was Jolted
three times before the side was re
tired. It was Portland's four double
plays that prevented the scbrlng. Cas
tro distinguished himself by being in
three of these four plays. The South
American is also credited with a triple
off Jimmy Whalen.
Harris' slab artist lost his first game
since his team took to the road. The
Browns straightened out fifteen of his
curves for a total of eleven tallies. The
score: .
Portland — i San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Nadau.ll 5 1 2 '3 lWldni,fcf 5 0 3 2 0
McCde.rf 4 12 2 0 Hlldbd.lf 4 12 2 0
Drnan.cf 3 2 2 1 0 Meany.rf 4 0 110
Beck,lb. 5 4 3 7 0Irwin,3b. 5 1 2 3 0
Rymd,3b 4 12 2 0;Andrsn,B 4 0 12 2
Castro.2b 4 2 2 7 4 Reltz,2b. 2 0 10 1
Francl9,s 4 0 2 4 2 Mlller.2b %2 1 0 2 1
Stelmn.c 4 0 0 10 Twnsd.lb 4.0170
Koaeh.p. 4 O 0 0 3 Leahy.c. 4 114 4
Druhot.p' 0 0 0 0 1 Whalen.p 4 2 2 18
Totals. 37 11 15 27 11 Totals. 38 6 14 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
SUMMARY.
Portland 2 0 0 2 2 0 5 Ox— 11
Base hits 30022062 x— 15
San Francisco... 00111001 2 — «
Base hits 1 13 0 2 112 S—U
Sacrafice hits — McCreedle, Drennan. Errors—
Nadeuu. Francis. Steelman, Waldron. Irwln.
Miller Whalen. Earned runs — Portland 6, San
Francisco 2. Stolen base — Miller. Bases on
balls — Off Roach 1, off Whalen 1, off Druhot 1.
Struck out— By Whalen 2. Two-bass hits —
Townsend,- Francis, Irwln, Hlldebrand, Dren
nan, Anderson. Three-base hit — Castro. Double
plays — Nadeau- to Francis; Castro to Francis;
Castro to Francis to Beck; Castro to Beck.
Left on bases — Portland 5. San Francisco 9.
Hit by pitched ball — By Roach 2.- Hits — Off
Roach 11, off Druhot 8. First base on errors —
Portland 3, San Francisco 1. Time of game —
One hour and flf ty-flve minutes. : Umpire —
Browne. . ¦-¦ ",s~
SAN JOSE MERCHANT
IS SHOT BY A BURGLAR
J. V. Adams Is Fatally Wounded at
His Home by Nocturnal Prowler,
Who Afterward Escapes.
SAN JOSE. July 2.— J. V. Adams,
who resides at 226 Balbach street, was
fatally shot by a burglar whom he sur
prised in his house on his return home
about 9:30 o'clock to-night. Adams
and wife had returned from a shop
ping trip and going round to the back
door discovered it open. They heard
noises in the house and Mrs. Adams
shouted burglars. The couple then
went around to the front of the house
and as they turned the corner saw a
man leaving by the window. He had
a revolver In his hand. Adams rushed
up to grapple with him and as he
reached the man the burglar fired. The
burglar then rushed down Balbach
street toward the Guadalupe Creek.
Adams was shot In the right side of the
abdomen and the bulletpassed through
the liver. At a late hour to-night he
is slowly sinking and the physicians
eay he cannot recover.
A squad of police was at once hur
ried to the scene. A search of the
Guadalupe Creek was begun. Officer
O'Mally and others saw . the burglar
under a bridge, but before they were
sure of the man he escaped. Later he
was seen climbing a high board fence
on Balbach street. About fifty people
joined in the manhunt 1 Deputy Sher
iffs Dreischmeyer and Starbird are
searching the outside country. Nothing
was taken from the Adams house.
Adams is a retired rancher and for
merly conducted the Beehive grocery
in this city.
FAST GAME AT TACOMA.
Thomas Presents a Varied Assortment
of Curves to the Angels.
TACOMA, July 2.— The Tigers took a
fast and an exclMng game to-day
which broke the time record in Tacoma,
being played in one hour and twenty
minutes. Thomas presented an assort
ment of curves the like of which Los
Angeles has not met in many daysand
two hits were the extent of their stick
work. One of these was Chase's fly
over the left field fence which counted
as a home run. It would have been
an easy out on larger grounds. After
this hit Los Angeles never saw first
base except in the seventh. Hall was
hit hard but was accorded high class
support. Wheeler threw out McLaugh-
Hn at the plate in the third and Ross
threw out Doyle in the eighth. The
visitors' lone error cost the game. Spies
dropping the ball at the plate when he
had the runner easy. Los Angeles had
a chance in the first inning with two
men on the sacks and but one out, but
Toman was thrown out at plate and
Cravath contributed only a fly to
Lynch. Score:
Tacoma — ] Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle.rf. 4 0 12 O.Toman.s. 4 0 10 4
Shehn,3b 4 111 2 Flood,2b. 4 0 0 4 2
Nrdylclb 4 0 2 11 2 Smlth.3b 3 0 0 12
Eagan.B. 3 0 0 1 :t Whelr.cf 4 0 0 2 1
Lynch.cf 3 111 O^Cravth.rf 4 0 0 10
Casey.Sb 3 0 11 4 Chase.lb 3 1 1 10 1
McLgn.U 3 0 11 onoss.lf.. 3 0 0 3 2
Graham, c 3 0 0 8 0 Sples.c. .30030
Thmaa,p 3 0 2 1 2Hall,p... 2 0 0 0 3
Totals. 30 2 9 27 13 Totals. 30 1 2 24 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits 11000000 0 2
Tacoma 0 0 0 1 O 0 1 0 x 2
Base hits 10210122 x— 9
SUMMARY.
Errors— Eagan (2), Spleo. Struck out— By
Thomas 7, by Hall 1. Bases on balls — By
Thomas 1. Stolen base^ — McLaughlln. Two
base hit— Doyle. Three-base hit — Sheehan.
Home run — Chase. Earned runs — Tacoma 1
Los Angeles 1. Left on bases — Tacoma +, Los
Angeles 4. Time— One hour and twenty min
utes. Umpires— McCarthy and McDonald.
Aesistant Secretary of State Loomis
will receive Monday a typewritten let
ter of over a dozen pages from William
H. Ellis, who accompanied Loomis
from New York, covering the most
minute details of his brother's doings
up to the time of his disappearance.
Although Ellis declined to publicly
discuss the case, he told the officials
that he last saw Loomis between 10 and
11 o'clock at night as the steamer en
tered Plymouth.
A letter has been sent to Bremen di
recting that official Inquiries be made
in regard to the whereabouts of the
lady and gentleman who were seen sup
porting Loomis shortly before the
Kaiser Wilhelm's arrival at Plymouth.
PARIS. July 2.— The American Em
bassy and Consulate have given up
hope that F. Kent Loomis, who dis
appeared from the steamer Kaiser
WUhelm II, will be found alive. Let
ters to that effect have been forwarded
to the American State Department.
The letters recommend that a thorough
officia linquiry be made of the officers
of the Kais«T Wilhelm II when the
steamer arrives «-t New York, as her
steps at Cherbourg, Southampton and
Plymouth are too brief to permit of of
ficial investigation.
SEARCH IX)R KENT LOOMIS
CONSIDERED HOPELESS TASK
MISS SCTTOX CONTINUES
TO WIX OX TENNIS COURTS
On the Orange, »\v Jersey, Grounds
She Capmrcs the Women's Cham
pionship In Clever Style.
ORANGE. N. J., July 2.— Clarence
Hobart regained his old title aa middle
States champion to-day In the chal
lenge match of the tournament on the
courts of the Orange Tennis Club here.
He defeated S. C. » Millett after five
hard and speedily played sets in which
both men displayed splendid skill.
Miss Sutton ef Pasadena, CaL, won
the women's championship, defeating
Mifs C. B. Neely of Chicago, and in
the women's doubles the two California
girls. Miss Sutton and her partner.
Miss Hall. won. Summary:
Men's championship singles, chal
lenge round— Clarence Hobart defeated
S. C. Millett, 6-2, 0-4, defaulted, 7-5,
7-9. 7-5.
Women's championship singles, chal
lenge round— Miss May Sutton defeat
ed Miss C. B. Neely. 6-1, 6-1.
Women's championship doubles, final
round— Mifs Sutton and Miss Hall de
fpated Miss Homans and Miss Neely,
4-6, 6-3. 6-2.
Mixed doubles, final round— Miss Sut
ton and Dewhurst defeated Miss Hall
and Leroy, 6-4, 6-3.
LONDON. July 2.— The Amateur
Athletic Association championship
contests at Rochdale to-day attracted
an excellent entry of 125 and a big
crowd of spectators. The sports were
started with a 100- yard dash, but Ar
thur F. Duffey, the American crack,
was unable to retain the title, being de
feated by J. W. Morton of the South
London Harriers, who won a grand
race by irlches. Time, 10 seconds. Duf
fey was second, and C. H. Jupp of the
London Athletic Club was third.
The Eace Is Won by Inches
by J. W. Morton of the
South London Harriers
EVEN TIME IS MADE
STANDING OP THE CLUBS,
(National League.) f (American League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New York.. 46 16 .~2, Boston ...38 22 .633
Chlcaro ..37 23 .KUjKew York.30 22 .621
Cincinnati 33 24 .579 Chicago ...SO 25 .6«9
Pittsburr .32 28 .MS^Ph'd^phla .32 27 .542
St. Louis.. 30 30 .500 Cleveland 29 28 .627
Brooklyn -.29 40 .394 St. Louis.. 26 30 .4«4
Boston ...24 40 .375JI>troit ...24 ::5 .407
: Fh'd'pnla .15 44 .254: Wash 1 g'tn u 47 .190
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, July 2.— The first double-header
of the season on the American I«cague grounds
was played to-day. In the opening game Wal
ter Clarkson, formerly of Harvard, made his
debut as a. profecstonal. He pitched a fine
game, but poor support made It a losing one.
Attendance. 10,000. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
New York 2 4 2
"Washington 3 8 1
Batteries — Clarkson and McGulre; Townsend
and Clarke.
Second fame — R. H. E.
New York 11 14 1
Washington .j..... 6 10 2
Batteries— Hughes, Powell and Klelnow;
Patten and Klttredce
BOSTON. July 2.— Selbach made hie first
appearance as a member of the home team to
day. His outfleldlnj wa« the feature of a two
to-one victory over Philadelphia. The game
*aa a pltchera' battle. Attendance. 0500.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 3 1
Philadelphia 14 1
Batteries — Winter, Criger and Doran; Plank
and Powers.
DETROIT. Mich., July 2.— Detroit and
Cleveland broke even In the first double-header
of tbe season. Donohue had a finger broken
early in the second game and Moore, who took
his place, was knocked out of the box in the
fifth inning. Attendance, 6000. genres:
First game — R. H. E.
Detroit 2 6 2
Cleveland 3 6 1
Batteries — Etovall and Buelew; Bernard and
Hernia.
Second gams— R. H. E.
Detroit 5 9 2
Cleveland 2 10 1
Batteries — Kitaon and Woods; Donohue,
Moore, Hess and Bemls.
CHICAGO. July 2.— The locals scored all of
their runs In the sixth Inning by bunching
four singles with Padden's error. White was
¦wild, but kept the hits well scattered. Attend
ance, 6100. Score :
n. H. E.
Chicago 4 5 3
St. Louis 2 5 2
Batteries — White and Sullivan; Slever and
Eusden.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. •
ST. LOUIS. July 2. — St. Louis defeated Chi
cago to-day In an exciting ninth-inning finish.
It the second half of the ninth Smoot started
off with a hit. Brain sacrificed. Burke drove
a single to left and Smoot scored. Attendance,
COOO. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 7 1
Chicago 2 5 1
Batteries — Nichols and McLean; "Wicker and
ONeil.
NEW YORK.' July 2.— Th» New York
Nationals defeated Boston to-day and won
their sixteenth straight victory. The visitors
were completely outclassed. Attendance, 13,-
S00. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 1 S 9
New York 14 16 0
Batteries — Willis and Needham: McGlnnlty.
Wilts* and Warner. Umpire — Caruthers.
PHILADELPHIA, July 2.— Brooklyn and
Philadelphia broke even on a double-header to
day. The visitors were shut out in the first
game, but in the second they batted MePher
son off tbe rubber and pounded Duggleby at
will. Attendance. 6100. Scores:
First nme — R. H. E.
Brooklyn 0 4 1
Philadelphia 2 4 0
Batteries — Garvin and Bergen; Eraser and
Roth.
Second game — R. H. E.
Brooklyn 13 19 2
Philadelphia 2 9 4
Batteries — Jones and Bergen: McPherson,
Duggleby and Roth. Umpire — Emslle.
PITTSBURG. July 2.— T^n nits off Harper,
coupled with six errors by his team, gave
Pittsburg such a lead in the first two innings
that all Interest In the game waa lost. At
tendance. 7500. Score:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg 14 17 0
Cincinnati 2 7 6
Batteries — Lynch and Phelps; Harper, Ewlng
and Schly and O'Nell. Umpire — Moran,
NEW YORK, July 2.— Although the
deciding game between the Harvard
and Vale baseball teams was sched
uled for an early hour to-day, there
was a big gathering of spectators at
the Polo grounds long before the colle
gians began their preliminary work.
The weather conditions "were excel
lent and the diamond and outfield were
in fine condition. The colors of the ri
val colleges seemed to be distributed
equally among the enthusiasts in the
Frand stand and the students, aided by
hundreds of graduates, kept up an al
most continuous din, singing their col
lege songs, interspersed with partisan
cheers. Score:
R. H. B.
Harvard 2 0210000 x— 5 0 °
Tale 000000000— 0 0 0
Harvard outplayed Tale at all points
In the game. Captain Randall's bat
ting was the feature.
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
,w. u ret. i vr. l,. ret.
Tacoma ..54 38 .587 Oakland ..48 43 .527
Seattle ...50 40 .556 Frisco 37 53 .411
L. AneeJes.49 43 .533, Portland ..33 54 .379
SEATTLE, Wash., July 2.— To the
tune of cannon firecrackers and the
jangle of the players over the close de
cision Seattle and Oakland fought out
a severe struggle to-day. Luck tipped
toward the Siwashes Just when it
seemed Lohman was going to have an
other laugh. For seven innings the
score was a tie. Then Oakland got one
ahead on a base on balls and two
scratch hits. Seattle won out in the
last of the eighth on Delehanty's
triples, Blankenship's single and hesi
tation on the part of Moskiman in
handling a bunt.
Charlie Hall pitched a fine game,
showing great nerve at critical points.
The score:
Seattle— > Oakland—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P.Aj»
Van H.cf 3 1.15 0 Ganley.rf 6 0 110
Mohlr.2b 3 0 0 3 3;Frncks.*s 4 114 5
Deleh.Sb 3 13 2 1 Krugr.cf 3 113 0
Fr1sk.lf. a 1 1 1 1 Schlfly,2b 4 0 3 8 1
Blnkp.lb 4 0 2 7 liGrahm.lf 4 0 10 0
Smith.rf. 4 0 2 3 O.Devrx.Sb 4 0 0 18
R.Hall.ss 4 0 0 0 4Streib,lb 4 0 1 0 0
tVilson.c. 2 0 14 OBvrne.c. 4 0 12 3
C. Hall.p 4 0 0 2 2 Mskmn.p 3 0 116
Tota^ 30 3 10 27 121 Totals 35 2 10*5 18
•Hall out on bunted third strike.
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 1 0000002 x— 3
Bas* hits 21121102 x— 10
Oakland l o 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—2
Base hits 2. 0112102 1—10
SUMMARY.
Errors — Frisk. Smith, Wilson. Francks (2).
Devereaux, Moskiman. Earned runs— Seattle 2.
r*^'-*" hlts ~ Van Haltren. Delehanty (2),
Schlafley (2). Three-base hit — Delehanty.
Sacrifice hits — Van Haltren. Mohler. Stolen
bases— Blankenshlp, Graham. Bases on balls—
,. ,,'., Ha " 2> off Moskiman 2. Struck out— By
C. Hall 2. by Moskiman 1. Hit by pitched ball
—By Moskiman 2. IXnible play — Moskiman to
Francks to Streib. Time of same — One hour
and fifty-five minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
American Sprinter Is Beaten
in the Hundred-Yard Dash
at English Championships
Luck Is With the Men
of the North on Home
Grounds.
Harvard Nine Wins Decid
ing Game With Yale on
the Polo Grounds.
Walter Clarkson. Formerly
of Harvard, Pitches First
Professional Game.
ARTHUR DUFFEY
MEETS DEFEAT
OAKLAND AND SEATTLE MEET
IN AN EXCITING STRUGGLE
BALL PLAYERS ON THE DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
Continued 'From Page 33, Column 4.
SAYS MUNY BANDED TO CRUSH,
A Queen's Apparel for Lifetime.
An extremely Interesting addition Is
about to be made to the collection of
mementos of the late Queen Victoria
on view at Kensington Palace. In
turning out some of the rooms and
presses at Buckingham Palace, many
of the old bonnets, gloves, shoes and
other personal belongings of the lata
Queen have been found, as' well as the
coronation robes of 1837, The King has
now decided that these shall be sent
to Kensington Palace, where they .will
be placed in cases with dates attached.
There are one or two of the "mush
room hats" of which Queen Victoria
was so fond, as well as early Victorian
bonnets, and one which obviously be
longed to her Majesty when a mexo
girl.— Ladles' PlctorlaL
Dainties of the Russian Peasant.
The Russian peasant, even If the
bread he eats is black, has a bon
bouche to add to his meal much sought
by eoicures in the Western world—
the wild mushrooms, which grow thou
sands upon thousands on the steppes
of Russia. At any time a full and
savory meal Is provided with the addi
tion of sausage and onions; even .a
mushroom alone often contents them
for a meal with their coarse rye bread.
The poorest laborer has also a luxur
ious drink always available from the
ever present samovar, and the tea they
drink would be the envy of any Amer
ican-connoisseur of that beverage, for
the best of China's tea is found In
Russia and all classes enjoy Its quality
and fragrance. Never is the water al
lowed to stand on the tea over a few
moments, so none of the poisonous
tannin is extracted and a delightful,
mildly stimulating, straw-colored drink
is the result. It would be well If tha
Russian peasant would content himself
with this, for his only great vice is
drunkenness. — Social Service.
was again arrested for Insanity and
again discharged.
In conclusion and in his praver for
$550,000 damages, Lapique alleges that
his business of pork packer and hotel
keeper was worth JlO.OflD a year, and
because of the prosecutions and im
prisonment he was prevented from at
tending <o his business; that his health
was impaired and his reputation in-<
Jured because of the publicity given to
the various prosecutions.
It Is said that while In Jail, and after
his release, Laplctue devoted his time
to the study of law, with th©
announced intention of suing those who
had prosecuted him.
35
ADVEBTToKM KNITL
VIGOR AND HEALTH
7SIS TO
CAK y** -S^ ME3T
*tr*-at« / ToproT»th«
WEAR /nfUlLOv^ \ ir * rv • l ° u •
>-i5l AAAN-**- 1 Power, of ou«
,>t |Tl r* •- l< ».»iJf most remark-
/j£^CA\\cTREt«»-i'lir * bl * h © m •
1 <E O VI iXg. +¦ tataXmmat. you
*» a£— *^Kar\£fJi \d&/f trt:.: and ap-
<S aotorry 1 HBBr proral. It «U1
S 1 v*^r\ Qa l c '* * T r **
i»«£fo^i J^ 7* Vv \ strength a no
c«^2« < f^.O«^3lyV> \nx» and vigor
V-JO9 iiia &^ *Wwy Aw or youts.
£5iM PI JgSSSwSS. pant* tat
*3>Q organs and la
t h • • n 1 y
known .cienttno m«an» wWeh £»" l»»"J™u»
enlarge and fully develop them.
Local Absorbing. Stimulating Tonlo. Gennitfdal.
(^ ki .»aif:i.;u»l'"*^ L " 1 - ; ' "3~_^£a«.=^
Ilealln*. Medicated Urethra! Crayons alwayt
quickly eure* where all el*»**»«- Gleet. aU
Drains, Losses. Varicocele Stricture Prema-
give action and produce results In 5 minutes.
Applied locally only. Worka like magic Don 1 1
fall to call on us for demonstration or write
ior new Illustrated bock. No. «. sent securely
sealed, tree. Houra. » to »; Sunday*. 19 to X.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO., 6 OTarreHSt
_ _ \ ._:__._ A P_ vEBTls^y?! i r^-_ _
DRi MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
CURED HIM OF RHEUMATISM, I
MR. H. A. LBHKDORFT. > J?j
Proprietor Fernando Hotel, Fernando. Cal. I will pay $1000 reward for a case of Nervous Debility, H
, „.. tn« t Varicocele, Rheumaism, Lame Back. Lumbago, Sciatica, If
any case of Kidney Disease that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease, Indigestion, Constipation or any II
weakness which m I cannot cure with my new Improved Electric Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most H
wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced. This Belt is complete with Free Electrical Sus- H
pensory. • \A
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weakness of men, varicocele, etc. if
It develops and expands all' weak nerves and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor, Varico- I
cele or Debility can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure. y
Mr. E. F. Lohman, Hooker, Cal., writes, March n: "The feeling of despondency is gone and I 9
have perfect confidence in myself now. I'm a well man." l\
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vitality which renders life worth liv- It
ing. No man should allow himself to become less a man than nature intended him; no man should suf- H
fer when there is at hand a certain cure for his weakness. • D.1
My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your power. It will check all loss of I
vital power and affects every organ of the body. • H
Mr. W. F. Quite, Reno, Nev., writes, March 10: "Your Belt cured me after I had spent $1000 in useless H
doctoring. n
I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savings of years in useless doctoring. f\
An old man of 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35. That shows it renews the vigor 1
of youth. It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic. Pains, Lumbago, Kidney Trouble, banishes pain in a night, never Ij
to return. . M
FREE BOOK TrymyBel*- Write me to-day for my beautiful illustrated book, with cuts showing @
how my Belt is applied, full of good reading matter for men who want to be "The No- I]
blest Work of God— A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. O
CALL TO-DAY — If you can, call and'see me and I will show you how you can be cured and give ij
you a free test of my Belt. CONSULTATION FREE. \ H
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 906 market street, s^NF A R b A o^.i 1 i I !>.cAL. H
Of flea Houra: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. Seattle Office. 105 Columbia St. Los Angelas. 123 South Sprin? Street. * I]
ADVERTISEMENTS*
\X7HAT is tbe secret of powtr-tf success— I
I of mastery ? W ha t makes the difference ¦
bet wren the chininc leader and the unrcnem- fi
bcred hordes that follow him? B
Between the stronjr znd the weak— between ¦
(he man who command* and the man who obeys B
— between these who succeed and those who H
tail— the difference is expressed in one word, \
vitality. M
Vitality is the essential Quality w fcsiever the I
field. An I
O-P=C suspensory I
is essential to vitality. It saves nervous enerry K
by relieving: the strain on the most sensitive H
nerve in a man's body. Stop the wasteful con- i
sumption of nerve enerry and you will have just ¦
that much more for the brain to draw upon. E
O-P-C suspensories are sold by nearly all D
druggists. Ho doubt your druggist has them. B
We assare you it will be to your Interest to B
insist upon the O-P-C. If your dealer will fi
not supply you, send to us. No. a O-P-C I
lisle. $tJxr.Xo.$ O-P-C silk, % i .50. g
"Tbe Mark of tbe Blaster," aa inter. I
estinsr booklet. Emu? reasons why every man I
ehonld wear ao O-P-C suspensory, sent free I
upon request. E
Bauer & Black §
383 TwcstyfUtb St. Chicago. U.S.A. ftDcinora Estate Appraised.
The work of President DIat is not
done: the country still requires his
guiding- hand and his paternal care.
Fortunately, he is In sound health and
able to give his country the benefit of
his ripened experience. He has brought
as hisv gift to Mexico a perfect in
ternal peace. . Time has justified his
acts and his policies. His fellow coun
trymen approve his. works and are
grateful to him for the great and pal
pable benefits he has conferred upon
them. Fortunate, indeed, is a nation
that 1 has at its command matured wis
dom and patriotic devotion to its ruler.
This year of the Presidential election
finds Mexico more prosperous, more
hopeful and more vigorous than ever.
These are days that history, a century
hence, .will .depict as a. true, golden
age. — Mexican Herald.
Mexico's Golden A^e In Sight.
Baseball Teams of Oakland Lodges to
Play Second Game of the Cham
pionship Series.
OAKLAND, July 2. — The baseball
teams of the local lodges of Elks aijd
Eagles will line up to-morrow after
noon at Idora Park for the second of
the series of three games for the lodge
championship of Alameda County.
The first game of the series was
played two weeks ago and was won
by the Elks. Monday's game will be
gin at 2:45 p. m.
Following is - the line-up of the
teams: ./ ¦.-
Elks. Positions. Eagles
Ellis Catcher Estudlllo
Blethen Pitcher u, Felgt
Ward First but .....Davis
O'Nell Second base....... Borland
Cone Tblrd base Croll
Dean - Shortstop ..Bird
r;att 'Left field Miles
Knightly Center fleld ; Erickeon
La Fle-ihe Bight field D. Fel««
Labor Union News.
OAKLAND, July 2. — The local
Painters' Union elected the following
officers at the last meeting: President,
F. Jewell; vice president, C. J. Wil
liams; trustee, E. Coleman; conductor,
T. Merves; warden, W. E. Colegate;
business agent. W. W. Morris; dele
gates to the Building Trades Coucil.
TV. E. Scully, H. E. Hetherington, F.
T. Pratt, Frank Demar; delegates to
District Coucil of Painters, San Fran
cisco. F. H- Masher, W. E. Scully. F.
H. Pratt, W. W. Norris, C J. Wil
liams. J. H. Pulslfer.
The Millmen's Union last night pre
sented retiring President D. C. Craw
ford with a silver tea service. The
presentation was made at the installa
tion of the newly elected officers,
who are: President, R. M. Hamb;
vice president, H. K. Sorensen; re
cording secretary. J- G. Lewis; finan
cial secretary. C Walberg; treas
urer, W. W. Farwell; warden, F. Pet
ersen; conductor, H. E. SmltL; dele
gates to District Council of Carpen
ters, Messrs. Walberg. Hamb. Farwell,
Pearson; delegates to Central Labor
Council, Messrs. Gartner and Craw
ford.
D. C. Crawford and R. M. Hamb
were elected delegates to the Interna
tional convention, which will be held
at Milwaukee during September.
3Iarriage Licenses.
- OAKLAND, July 2.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day:
John W. Bagge, 60. and Eliza. L.
Locke, 44, both of San Francisco;
Benjamin Brooks, 27, and Irene Sing
ley, both of McCloud. Shasta Couty;
Jack Hillman. 32, and Annie Blever,
18, both of San Francisco; Ernest F.
Pegg. over 21, and Rose M. Wain
wright, over 18, both of O.akland;'Jo
seph August. 21, Eimhurst, and Vir
ginia Soura, 17. Fitchburg; Arthur
Buhl, 24, Berkeley, and Mary A. Ha
ger. 17, Alameda; Henry L. Sousa,
over 21, Alameda, and Florence M.
Clark, over 18, Oakland; John G. Epi
cula, 23, and Pearl Covalt, 17, both of
Oakland; Williiam C. Ames, over 21,
and Marie L. Fogarty, over 18, both
of Oakland; Wlllard H. Fisher, over
21. San Francisco, and Bertha D. Ols
zewskl. over 18. Omaha; Edward
Moore, 25, and Bertha Douglas, 24,
both of Oakland; Henry Cook, 23, San
Francisco, and Tessie B. Simpson, 18,
Oakley. . ¦-
OAKLAND, July 2.— J. G. Shelll of
Seventh and Bay streets started to lick
a policeman this afternoon and Tound
up at the hospital. He was under the
influence of liquor and his wife called
upon the police for protection. Patrol
man Andrews took Shelll into custody.
The orlsoner refused to ro and turned
upon Andrews,' who had to use his
club to subdue his prisoner. After
Shelll had f ought all he wanted An
drews took him to jail by way of the
Receiving Hospital.
Fights Policeman.
Friendly Birds of Prey.
Every farmer and gamekeeper should
have a copy of the biological survey's
report on the stomachs of birds of
prey. Besides immense quantities of
mice, hawks and owls kill snakes, rats,
weasels, skunks and squirrels, all of
¦which species destroy more or less
young game birds and the eggs of
game birds. Therefore it becomes
necessary to know whether the bird
«jf prey himself or all these other ene
rhiea kill the most game before judg
ing of his harmfulness. The killing of
hawk or owl is probably almost always
the killing of one of your game pre
servers, whether or not he takes some
fame In pay. You might as well
abolish policemen because they some
times offend.
Sportsmen wage war against herons,
kingfishers and fish hawks. Now, since
it is well known that the main de
vourers of trout spawn 'end fry, for
Instance, are not any kind of bird, but
certain species of fish, you are probably
helping thin your trout by removing
these birds, since the latter doubtless
prey more on the spawn devourers
than on the trout. This is plain, be
cause trout are swifter and hence hard
er to catch and live commonly in
deeper water than other species; so
that what the heron and kingfisher get
are no doubt generally the enemies of
your trout— Forest and" Stream. '
ELKS AND EAGLES TO
MEET ON THE FOURTH
you." 'iiy>£"
Notwithstanding this introduction,
Mr. Hankins came forward and made
a pretty fair speedh.— Chicago Tribune.
In Spite cf It.
"Fellow citizens," said the chairman
of the meeting, "the gentleman* whom I
am about to introduce to you needs no
introduction at my hands. Wherever the
English language is spoken his name is
a household word. His eloquence has
thrilled vast audiences. His voice has
always been lifted in defense of the
principles of truth and right. I appre
ciate it as an honor and a privilege to
preside at a meeting where a public
man so distinguished is to speak— a
meeting of cultivated people, all eager
to listen to him and ready to yield to
the charm of his matchless oratory.
Gentlemen, It is my great ¦ pleasure to
introduce to you'this evening the Hon.
Hiram Hankins. who will now address
OAKLAND. July 2. — While return
ing home in her carriage from a pro
fessional call this evening at Lorin
Dr. Winifred Foster was struck by a
Grove-street car and seriously in-
Snred. The buggy in which she was
t iding tvas demolished. She sustained
an ug:l>" g:tsh over the forehead and
will be laid Tip for some time.
The nigrht was dark and It "Is be
lieved thut the motorman did not Bee
the buggy and that the doctor did not
hear the approach of the car. Dr.
Foster was taken to the home of Dr.
Shuey, whose place she has been fill
ing during the latter's absence.
Woman Physician Is Run Down by a
Grove-Street Car While Driving
in the Dark.
DB. WINIFRED FOSTER
IS SERIOUSLY HURT
OAKLAND, July : 2.- — Lawrence
Smith, an engineer employed at Point
Kichmond, was found unconscious
this evening in a . resort; at 467*4
Fourth street. He ,was" at first
thought to be suffering from an epi
leptic fit, but~"at the Receiving Hos
pital a whisky flash was found in his
pocket. In the bottom of the bottle
were some crystals resembling chlo
ral. Steward Borchert, . beliving that
the man had been drugged, applied
the stomach pump and Smith soon af
terward recovered consciousness.
The patient said he had come in
from Point Richmond to-day and had
met a stranger, with whom he had
had a number of drinks. After a
round of the saloons the pair had vis
ited the resort in question. While
there the stranger produced the flask
of whisky, from which Smith took a
drink. That was the last he remem
bered until restored to consciousness
at the hopsltal. Smith knows nothing
of the man in whose company he vis
ited the place, except that he said he
lived in Alameda. Nothing was -taken
from his pockets and if he was drug
ged for the purpose of robbery the
plot failed. Smith has a brother re
siding in th'is city, who is employed
at the Shasta saloon.
Point Richmond Engineer Is Found
Unconscious In a Fourth-Street
Resort " *• ¦
LAWRENCE SMITH DRUGGED
BY CHANCE ACQUAINTANCE
The Feminine Language.
You may talk to a woman for an
hour or more and understand every
word she says. Meat, bread, money,
motor-cars, drains, the ace of trumps
— there* is really no space at my dis
posal to give a list of the words that
are common to both languages. In
fact, most of the solid, concreta
things of life may be left out of the
question. It is when we pass beyond
the concrete that the real misunder
standing arises. Take a couple of
very common words used equally by
both sexes. A man will say that So
and-So Is a "nice" girl. I should
know what he meant. A woman will
reply that the girl is pretty, agree
able, and all that sort of thing — but
that she is "not quite nice." The two
are usinx the same word to expre»3
different ideas, and they will never
agree as to whether that girl is nice
or otherwise until they can talk the
same language.
Again. In the feminine dictionary the
opposite of "nice" is '"horrid." A man
will talk of a "nice scoundrel" and a J
"horrid bore." and I can understand
him. But when a woman tells me that
a man is wealthy and clever and good
looking — "but I'm sure he's horrid" —
she has dropped into her foreign Ian- •
guage. I can only be sure that she
does not mean what I mean when I
speak of a "horrid girl."— London Out
look. * .
Sturgeon Instead of Shad.
Just about now the flsaermen down
the bay axe putting aside their shad
nets and starting to fish for sturgeon.
This, to the housekeeper, may seem re
markable, inasmuch as shad are still
high priced and in big demand, largely
because the chilly condition of the
water has so far kept the shad from
running up stream in great numbers.
The fishermen know what they axe
about, however.
A good-sized cow sturgeon la worth
anywhere from K>0 to 530 and. onca
Killed, is not particularly hard to
handle. It is the roe that counts, for
from this Is m*d» caviare, usually
termed Russian, but & lot of It comes
from the fish caught In the lower Dela~
ware. The fishermen only fill a. stand
ard sized keg. layer on layer of salt
and roe and buyers are plentiful.
It Is said that the price will b» low
this year, but Just the same, the shad
nets are put aside as soon as the stur
geon are found to be movios.—Phila
delphia Press.
Bargain Counter Ftfrte*.
That women really enjoy a scrim
mage with eaeh other, when no men
are by to see that they are not living
up to their blue china reputation for
tenderness. Is beyond doubt. Witness
the bargain counter rushes when*
women make an onslaught on a coun
ter of shirt waists. Are any oi the
virtues — the gentleness, the tender
ness, the sympathy for th« weak and
needy — for which woman la so justly
famed, exhibited on such occasions to
women older, feebler, poorer and more
in need of bargains than herself. Nay.
verily. It Is a brutal struggle to get
the best, in which the feeble are
trampled under foot, gowns are torn
and hats smashed, a struggle in which
women of stature and grip do not
hesitate to snatch a bargain out of the
hands of another woman and bear It
off in triumph. In the peculiar creed
of ethics that governs a woman's con
duct toward her sister woman, it is
considered perfectly legitimate to
covet your neighbor's garments, or her
cook, and to get them away from her if
you can. — Everybody's Magazine.
OAKLAND. July 2. — A daylight
hurg-lar entered the residence of At
torney George H. Strong. 1204 Tenth
Ftreet, this afternoon during the ab
ser.ee of the family in San Jose and
ransacked the house. The work of
the marauder was discovered by a
Chinese cook, who had been left in
charge of the premises, but the
amount of plunder obtained by the
thief will not be known until the re
turn of Mr. Strong from San Jose.
The burglar evidently had plenty of
time to search The house, for every
thing was turned topsy-turvy. The
contents of <*!oeets and bureau draw
ers were scattered over the floor and
everything was in a state of confu
rion. Mr. Strong was infermed of
the robbery by the police.
Residence ut George H. Strong Ran
sneked lhirins Absence of Fam
ilv In San Jose.
I) MtXJGHX BURGL\R ROBS
WELL KNOWN ATTORNEY
Naturally, this "drummer" business
la not done too boldly, though nearly
every one In society knows about It.
Fashionable folk understand when they
arc urged to buy this or that- it is not
because of a desire that they may reap
some benefit, but that the aristocratic
agent may Increase the sale of her
goods. There is not one thing from a
paper of pins to a motor car or a pre
sentation at court for which women are
not taking up an agency, for society
women have been so swept up into the
vortex of money-making that if not
occupied with the fluctuations of stocks
and shares, they care not whether they
dabble in belt bucltles or automobiles,
laundry recommendations or prlma
donnas, so long as they draw a good
commission upon the results of their
efforts. And as a matter of fact, the
more unlikely as a commercial traveler,
from the point of view of position and
popularity a woman may seem, the
more assiduous is she in playing her
trade.
"I absolutely must sell some of Mr.
's black sheep for him, for if I
don't par her something Madame won't
make me a gown for the races."
"Would you* believe the duchess of
X has even been able to get that
awful man So-and-so into the Carlton
Club?" •:•
"Lady M lost twenty pounds at
bridge last night again, and she used
to be as poor as anything till the wore
So-and-so's hats for him."
That is what you hear in boudoir
chats.
One of the most famous of society
women— everybody in London could
identify her— made £7000 recently
through selling City and Suburban mo
tors. Another makes a good thing out
oi recommending electric baths and also
by selling horses. And many a one
creeping up into society will do all
she can to get within touch of some
one who may be within reach of a cer
tain Duchess who is supposed to have
wonderful powers to get men into clubs
of high standing, women into circles
hitherto barred against them and all
into a position in society that would
be utterly impossible were the asplr
'ants not burdened with untold wealth.
It is all done for hard cash. No jewel,
no dainty trinket, no beautifully bound
books or even works of art are used to
make a delicate acknowledgment of
courtesies offered and accepted. A hard
cash payment is demanded and given.
A present might be awkward to ac
count for, It might not be to the re
cipient's taste. It Is money that al
ways is wanted, and that it shall be
promptly paid is the first stipulation
made by the titled aristocrat who con
stitutes herself the go-between, before
she pledges herself to us* her influ
ence.
It is said that the general rush to
be commercial travelers commenced
two or three seasons ago when the
wearing of barbaric looking bead neck
laces became the greatest of fads. Then
there was not a luncheon party where
men and women alike were not badger
ed by one or another of the guests to
buy these trifles. "Don't you think
they are Just too delightful. Lord So
and-So? You must have one for one
of your friends. I know such a nice
girl who makes them herself. She ]s so
clever at. it, and makes such pretty
ones. She is quite a little friend, of
mine." And probably the woman
made them herself, charging several
hundred per cent on the value of the
thing.
But when one of the season's favor
ite brides began to receive six to a
dozen of these trifles as wedding pres
ents, mostly of men who had bought
them for the sake of peace, the death
blow came to this Industry. But this
one line of business gave quite a fillip
i to society's trading instincts.
One very beautiful woman in society
with a lovely complexion of cream and
roses, now openly confesses that for
years she was paid 5200 a year by a
notable soap firm just to -talk about
their soap to her friends. "VTtse In their
generation., the soap firm knew that a
few words from her were to them of far
more value than whole hoardings of
posters.
LONDON, July 2.— Although some
thing has been said in American news
papers about the way in which aristo
cratic London society women act as
"drummers" for tradesmen, on commis
sion, it probably is not even suspected
at home how far this sort of thins is
being carried on in Mayfair at present.
To go about from house to house
with puppy dogs under the arm to
make morning calls with a little packet
of samples, to take afternoon tea where
one is likely to meet the most probable
purchasers of pianolas, motor cars,
lamp shades, pedigreed sheep, etc., is
how many fashionable women in Lon
don spend half their time.
Beautiful, highly, o-rten nobly born
and well dressed they are, supposed to
be living in the lap of wealth and
luxury, supposed to scorn any one who
has ever strayed toward the outer, very
outside edge, of trade or commerce, but
notwithstanding, they are about the
most insistent of commercial travelers.
The two deserted homes are only a
couple of blocks apart. At 486 Thirty
fourth street is the Benedict home,
while at 586 Thirty-sixth street Mrs.
Hoag watches and waits. The blinds
are drawn in both homes.
Since the news transpired of the si
multaneous disappearance of the Rev.
Charles Wayland Hoag, pastor of the
Plymouth Congregational Chucrh, and
Mrs. William Nelson Benedict, wife of
a well-known commercial traveler, the
deserted husband and the abandoned
wife have .had no news from the miss
ing couple. Benedict says that on June
20 he put his wife on the train to go to
Orland, In Glenn County, for a visit.
Communication with the friends she
was to visit there has revealed the fact
that she never reached her destination.
On the same day the Rev. Mr. Hoag
left his home. Last Sunday he was to
have occupied the pulpit of the Rev.
William Rader. in San Francisco, but
at the final tolling of the bell Hoag was
not on hand and the service had to be
conducted by a lay member.
Benedict, disgusted with the actions
of his wife, has brought suit for di
vorce. Rumor for some time past has
connected the names of his wife and
the now missing preacher, who, the
neighbors say, was a frequent visitor
to the Benedict home. Both were be
lievers in socialism and it was through
this cult, rather "than the study of the
scriptures, that their Intimacy devel
oped into a passion.
Hoag, however, has a record. This
'is not the first time he has been in
difficulties. The storv of his present
escapade has brought to light an ex
perience which he had in Los Angeles
a few years ago. There scandal con
nected his name with that of a pretty
choir singer and Hoag was forced to
leave. He came to San Francisco,
where he turned Methodist, but after
ward went back to the Congregation
allsts. Prior to going to Los Angeles
he lived in Kansas and before that in
Michigan.
Mrs. Hoag, it is said, has been left
almost destitute. Her husband took
nearly every cent in the house, the
money he carried away amounting in
all to about $400. As an indication
that he did not intend to return, he
left his keys. His wife has since
changed the lock on the door. Bene
dict has visited Mrs. Hoag, and while
neither will say what their conclusions
are, friends assert that they are satis
fled that the preacher and Mrs. Bene
dict are together. Benedict is going to
cut loose promptly from his marital
experience by aid of the divorce court.
Mrs. Hoag has not decided what
course she will, pursue and hopes
against hope that the whole affair will
prove to be a terrible mistake. With
her is her young son, for whom she has
to care.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 2.
The course of study has been adopt
ed for the ensuing year and with slight
change is the same as It was last year.
The 6tudy of elementary agriculture
has teen substituted in the place of
nature study and is the chief change
made.
The following action was taken in re
gard to teachers' certificates:
• Grace Bliss was recommended to the
State Board of Education for a gram
mar grade life diploma,
. Alice .E. Davis and Anna Graham
were granted grammar grade certifi
cates.
The County Board of Education Is
going to test the sentiment of the peo
ple of Melrose. Bay,-Frultvale, Lock
wood- and Eimhurst school , districts
upon the " subject of a union high
school. At the request of the board,
District Attorney Allen this morning
drew up the form of a petition to be
circulated. in these districts for signa
tures, asking for an election to vote
bonds* for this purpose. It is the senti
ment of the board that such a school
is a necessity. . .
To-day's meeting being the first in
the new fiscal year, which began yes
terday, the board reorganized. P. M.
Fisher, principal of. Jhe Oakland Poly
technic High School, was re-elected
president of the board. Superinten
dent T. O. Crawford is ex-officlo secre
tary. The members" composing the
board are John Gamble, C. L. Bleden
bach and William McDonald.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway,- July 2.
Deserted Husband and Griev
ing Spouse Are Satisfied
Affair Is an Elopement
Fashionables Sell Every
thing From Pedigreed
Sheep to Motor Cars
The remaining fragments of the col
lection represent parts of the skeletons
of the mastodon, bison, prehistoric
horse, wolves, modern bears, lynxes
and foxes. Nearly all of the specimens
gathered are dissociated, with - seldom
a complete skeleton. Associated parts
of the skeletons of a few squirrels and
wood rats, a snake and a bat were
found in the gravel layers.
"In all case*," Dr. Sinclair says, "the
bones have lost their organic matter
completely and adhere to the moisten
ed fingers like kaolin. Some of them
are weather cracked, indicating that
they lay for a time on the surface. Oc
casionally some of the large limb
bones were found. broken across, where
they had become Eoftened by. percolat
ing, water and were unable to support
the weight of the earth above them.
Many of the* bones have been gnawed
by rodents. The material requires no
preparation except to wash off the ad
hering clay. The bones are usually
white, but often show yellow and faint
blue dlscolorations."
At present no vertebrate animals ex
cept bats live within the perpetually
darkened portion of the cave. Wood
rafs nest near the entrance and birds
occupy the ledges. Some spiders of a
strange species, apparently sightless,
live on webs spread in the crevices In
the cave walls and on an altar at one
end of the cavern.
The Potter Creek cave consists of a
system of galleries lying in a belt of
limestone, on the north side of Potter
Creek, Shasta County, from which it
takes its name. It is 1500 feet above
sea level and about S00 feet above the
level of the McCloud River, which in
the prehistoric age swept past its
mouth. There is an arched entrance
communicating with a smaller cham
ber, through which admittance is
gained to a narrow passageway. Be
yond, this point is perpetual darkness.
Following this passage to the left, it is
found to terminate abruptly on the
margin of a great pit, where a conven
ient stalagmite pillar offers a secure
point of attachment for a rope ladder.
Upon descending forty-two feet the
explorer finds himself in a room 107
feet long. 30 feet wide and 75 feet high.
The floor of this great chamber was
covered with deposits of limestone,
gravel and volcanic ashes. Beneath this
envelope were entombed the animals
now exhumed. Excavating was car
ried on under the direction of the uni
versity scientists, who were compelled
to resort to blasting wherever the de
posit resisted the attacks of picks and
shovels.
In addition to the traces of primitive
man in California that' the Potter
Creek cave. In Shasta County, has
given to the scientists of the Univer
sity of California, the famous old cav
ern has been prolific in its yield of the
remains of extinct animals. The ac
count of the cave and its interesting
fauna that Dr. William J. Sinclair of
the anthropological department has is
sued contains a list of vertebrate spe
cies represented by remains exhumed
from beneath the limestone mantle of
the cave. Twenty-one of these are ex
tinct types.
Of this remarkable collection of
bones, composed of some 4600 frag
ments, the most interesting are the
skull and limbs of a large extinct bear,
classed as an unknown species. . Sev
eral complete limbs of this gigantic
beaet. -with all the elements in their
natural positions, were discovered em
bedded in the soft clay in the main
chamber of the cave.
Dr. Sinclair says that there is little
definite evidence indicating that the
animal lived in any. of the existing
galleries of the cave, and aa it could
not easily have climbed into the cham
ber where its remains were found, it is
possible that it fell in, succumbing In
time to the ravages of hunger. There
is no other way to account for the
presence of the remains in the cham
ber.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 2.
Dr. Sinclair Tells of Ex
plorationS in Prehistoric
Grave and Their Results
There were no distinct classes and the
chief's influence was only nominal.
The ceremonies of California were
characterized by a very slight-develop
ment of the extreme ritualism that was
so characteristic of the American In
dians and by an almost entire absence
of symbolism of any kind.
In conclusion. Dr. Kroeber says that
ethhologically California may be said
to be characterized by the absence of
agriculture and of pottery; by the total
absence of toteism or gentile organ
ization; by an- unusually simple and
loose social organization, la which
wealth plays a rather Important part;
by a rude development of the arts of
basketry; by a lack of realism; by &
slight development of fetishism; by the
marked prevalence of religious restric
tions connected with birth, death, mar
riage'and similar phases qf life; by the
predominance among ceremonials of
mourning rites, and by' a consid
erable development of true conceptions
of creation in mythology. -
Their social organization was simple
In the .extreme. Beyond the family
the bnl it bases of organization were the
village "and the language. In popula
tion and social life the village was ap
proximate to a localized clan,' but being
the largest unit it corresponded in a
measure to a .tribe. Little differences
were : observable: in the Indian society.
The habitations of the Indians could
bardly be dignified as houses, being
more of humble huts. They were
structures of brush and tule, and some
times bark and = wood. In arts they
were unusually primitive, basketry
alone being the only development of
skill. Pbttery was unknown, except
for a few rude attempts that were
made in imitation of the Shoshone-In
dians. ; They manufactured ropes and
strings, but no woven textiles. Dr.
Kroeber says:
-"Of t realistic representation either in
two or three dimensions there appears
to be virtually none beyond the pat
terns of baskets; and in these the con
ventional side in most cases far out
weighs the realistic, .the interpreta
tions of designs being pattern names,
and not symbolism. Picture printing is
foreign to the mind of the California
Indian." ¦ -•¦ - -
social organization! v- ' .v
"Throughout the greater part of the
State the civilization of the Indians is
very much alike. While the number
of groups and divisions corresponding
to tribes and the number of languages
is large and no two groups "show ex
actly Identical customs and beliefs .the
general type of culture is uniform,
The exceptions are Southern California
and the northwestern part of the
State. But the territory covered by
these divergent cultures is compara
tive small, and more than two-thirds
of the State, Including all the central
part, show a fundamental ethnical
similarity^ whose distinguishing char
acteristics furthermore are not found
outside of the State. It is therefore
possible to speak of typical California
Indians and to recognize a typical Cal
if ornlan culture area." >
Their great stability of population
was one of the features of the Indian
residence in the State, and this, the
scientist says, goes to account for the
linguistic diversity existing among
them. Whenever extraneous races have
found their way into the State they
have ; always been completely assimi
lated to tHe condition of life of their,
neighbors.
Vegetable products seem to have
been the principal food products of the
aboriginal Californian. They were
hunters, too, and fishermen, but pre
ferred plant food. The staple every
where was acorns, although there was
an abundance of berries and' roots to
eat.
The observations of the scientist are
made in a bulletin written by him and
issued from the university to-day un
der the title, "Types of Indian Cul
ture in California." Only one attempt
has been made, he says, to give a sys
tematic account of the Indians of Cali
fornia and that by Stephen Powers
when he wrote his "Tribes of Califor
nia" twenty-five years ago. A more
extended search into the history of the
Indians has been made these last few
years by the University of California,
liberally assisted by Mrs. Hearst, with
the object of preserving all informa
tion obtainable about the Indians.
To Dr. Kroeber the California In
dians seem to have been given more to
the arts of peace than of warfare.
They were more primitive than the
Indians of any other part of the con
tinent and on the, whole not much
more above the plane of civilization
than the Eskimo. On this subject Dr.
Kroeber says:
"From the time of the first settle
ment of California its Indians have
been described as both more primi
tive and more peaceful than the ma
jority of the natives of North America,
On the whole this opinion is undoubt
edly, true. The practical arts of life,
the social institutions and the cere
monies of the California Indians are
unusually simple and undeveloped.
There were no war for its own sake,
no confederacies of powerful tribes,
no communal stone pueblos, no totems,
no potlatches. '; The plcturesquesness
and dlgpity of other Indians are lack
ing. In general" rudeness of "culture
the California Indiana are scarcely
above the Eskimo; and whereas the
lack of development of the Eskimo on
many sides of their nature is reasona
bly attributable in part to their diffi
cult and limiting environment, the
Indians of California inhabit a country
naturally as favorable, it would seem,
as might be. ' If the degree of civiliza
tion attained by people demands in
any large measure on their habitat,
as does not seem likely, it might be
concluded from the case of the Cali
fornia Indians that natural advantages
were . an impediment rather than an
incentive to progress.
GREAT UNIFORMITY.
In the Indian of Cal.i'ornla Dr. A.
L. Kroeber of the anthropological de
partment of the University of Califor
nia sees nothing of that dignity, pic
turesqueness and sanguinary spirit
that were among the chief character
istics of the other tribes of* aborigines
that roamed the American continent
before the white man began to press
westward. Dr. Kroeber finds that this
is something of an anomoly, as in all*
other instances of human occupation
the people have thrived and waxed
vigorous and powerful under such in
fluences of climate and environment
as prevail in California.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 2.
University Scientist Says
Aborigines Show Nothing
of the Aggressive Spirit
Body Is Organized for a
New Fiscal Year by
Re-election of Old Officers
LONDON*. July 2.— The directors of
the Palace theater have just acquired
an extensive building: site in Tottenham
Court road, at the corner of Great Rus
sell street, beside the Horseshoe Hotel,
within 100 yards of Oxford street, and
have practically completed arrange
ments for the erection thereon of a new
music hall almost double the slza of
the Palace.
new place of amusement, which
will have seating capacity . for about
4000 people, will be ready by next Feb
ruary or March, and will be carried on
by the same management as that which
so successfully controls the popular
Palace.
In every tense the new theater will
be modern, as the architect, TV. G. R.
Sprague, has instructions to adopt
every means calculated to Insure the
comfort and safety of the- audience.
The plans will provide for a very
beautiful theater, with a stage on which
the largest productions can be set out.
Erect Magnificent Structure With
a Great Stace.
Directors of Palace Theater Plan to
LONDON' TO IIAVE A NEW
AND COSTLY MUSIC HALL
TO CIRCULATE PETITION
• . . . "
NEW SPECIES OF. BEAK
FINDS THEM PRIMITIVE
GLOOM CLOUDS HOMES
USE CLEVEE TACTICS
Dr. Kroeber Has a Poor
Opinion of Tribes Inhabit
ing Domain of California
Society Women in Mayfair
Swell Incomes as Auxil
iaries to the Tradesmen
Missing Preacher and Run
away Wife Give No 'In
dication, of Returning
University Scientists Dis
cover a Great Mass of
i Bones in Potter Creek Cave
ALAMEIM. July =.— "I am a candi
date for my old place as State Senator
from ihf Fourteenth District to suc
ceed Joseph R. Knowland," said E. K.
Taylor to-day, "and from now on •will
take a hand in the local political came.
from which I have been practically re
tired for two year?. I en going into
the contest at the request of my
friends, -who have been urging me to
do fo since it became evident that ben
ator Knowland was to have higher
honors conferred upon him. I have
finally acceded to the requests of those
who tttmW lite to see me go before the
people apaln and will be out to win. '
City Attorney U. W- Simpson is also
an aspirant for State Senator, his name
having been put forward by Dr.
Charles L. Tlsdale. one of the leaders
in local republican politics. City Jus
tice R. B. Tcppan also announced that
it would please him to don the Sena
torial tojLu but now that Tavlor has
made it clear that he will enter the
race. Justice Tappan states that he will
retire in favor of his old-time opponent.
.lud^e R. B. Tapimn States
He Does Not Intend to
Oppose Latest Aspirant
.
F111EXDS TEHSUADE HDI
Former State Senator Says
lie Will Enter the Race
for Place He Once Held
Board of Education Will
Test Kesidents* of Five
Districts on the Subject
TAILOR WILL
BE CANDIDATE
NATIVE INDIANS
LACK DIGNITY
WANT A UNION
HIGH SCHOOL
MAILS BRING
NO MESSAGE
FAIR DAMES
AS DRUMMERS
FIND EXTINCT
ANIMAL TYPES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
The largest shoe factory In France
uses only American' machinery. '¦' , Its
growth'Is phenomenal. Before the Paris
exposition of 1900 this factory was a
very small one, employing only French
machinery. • - _ r
Right Rev. Alexander Mackay-Smith,
the witty , coadjutor of the Protestant
Episcopal diocese of Pennsylvania, told
a stbry recently at a dinner which was
to '. the effect that a young Scotch"
minister, having married the daughter,
of the wealthiest member of his church,
in " a' country town in Pennsylvania/
was obliged to apologize publicly for
an error in the report of the wedding.
The reporter had asked where the pas
tor and his bride intended to live and
had been told "at the old manse." As
this statement appeared in print the
reply was "at the old man's."—Wash
incton Star.
An Awkward Reportorinl Error.
ALAMEDA, July 2.— Richard • Brad
ley, the 11-year-old son of Captain and
Mrs. Richard Bradley of this, city, 'died
yesterday' at Portland, Or., of diph
theria. He was on his way home from
a ; tour of .the East' with- his parents
when stricken with the disease ? that
terminated his life. BfiSB .•'-."
Captain Bradley loses Son.
OAKLAND, July 2. — The Ebell
Society has secured a lot? for its new
home and to-day a deed was filed for
record transferring a piece of land
82x150 feet on Harrison street, near
Fifteenth, from Mrs. Mary Moody to
the Ebell Society. While only a nomi
nal figure is mentioned In the deed,
the - purchase price is stated - to • have
been $7380. . . .
Ebell Buys Site.
OAKLAND, July 2. — An appraise
ment of the estate of the late Rafael
G. Demora of Berkeley was filed v to
day and shows the property to be
worth $68,817. The estate includes a
block of realty at Telegraph avenue
and Russell street, in Berkeley, val
ued at $30, 000,. and a piece of realty
at Leavenworth'and Union streets, in
San Francisco, valued at $35,000. \
36
OAKLAND.
lOtn Broadiray.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2H8 Center S»rcet._
Telephone ?»orth «"•
ALAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Alanieua oo».
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL L\
ALAMEDA COUNTY
THEY ARE 1IUMMER&
EVERY ONE A WINNER.
Be sure to collect this series.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Bry-
. son.
2. "Footllsht Favorites,' 1 by
Bryson.
3. •Temptation." by Bryson.
4. The Girl in Yellow." by
Bryson.
5. "Innocence.? by Bryson.
6. "Constance." by Rlchter.
7. "Rosamond," by Kleiner.
8. "Mother and Child." by ¦
.Rlchter.. *
9. "Head Over Heels," by
-* * Brown (H. A.). J
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-*
land.
Bcginnlns with the Issue of
July 10th
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will issue a series of the hand-
somest Art Supplements ever
Issued by a paper la the
United States.
TEN BEAUTIFULLY
ILLU3UNATED
ART SUPPLEMENTSMovements of Steamers.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
* * Saturday. July 2.
Stmr Coqullle River. Sanford, SI hours from
United States- Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco*
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ~
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tld» Is the same at both places.
~ SUNDAY.. JULY 3.
Sun rises •• '."........... .4 :5t
Sun seta ........7:35
Moon rises ..:... .10:58 p. m.
0 Timel • iTlme : Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W L W H W L W
"s 2:27 4.0 8:53 0.0 4:13 4.8 0:50 iTo
4 3:22 3.8 9:33 1.3 4:49 6.0 10:58 2.7
6 4:26 3.5 10:22 1.6 5:26 6.0 11:50 2.1
6 6:42 3.4 11:12 1.9 6:02 6.2..... .....
L W H W L W H W
-T 0:45 1.6 7:00 3.(ISK» 2.2 6:44 8.3
KOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of
Panama sailed yesterday for the isth
mus and way ports with about twenty
frAMengers and 2000 tons of freight.
City of Panama Sails.
The vessels on the overdue list are
<juoted for reinsurance aa follows:
Juteopolis, Queen Elizabeth, La
Rochefoucald and Largo Law, 7 per
cent; Wynford. 15 per cent; Park
nook, 40 per cent; Montebello, 15 per
cent, and Sierra Miranda, 10 per cent
The Overdue List.
bla. from New York.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 2— Strar \ Arixo
nan. for Kahului. . .• , ¦ ,.
Arrived July 2 — Ship Great Admiral, • from
Newcastle, N S W; Br stmr Robert Adamaon.
from .Kuchhiotzu.
HONOIPU— Sailed June 22— Schr Defender,
for San Francisco. . . ?
ELEELE— Sailed Juna 23— Bktn Benida. for
Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Jun» 30— Br baric
Daylight.- from Newcastle. A us
SAGNES — Passed June 30— Br stmr Bir
mingham, from Marseilles for .
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed June 17— Ger «tmr
Amasts. for Hamburg.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 29— Br ship Cha
teaubriand, for Santa Rosalia. %
CUXHAVEN — Passed Jun» 29 — Ft bark
VHlo de Mulhnuse. from Hamburg for Oregon.
HONGKONG — Arrived Jnly 2 — Br stmr Do
ric, hence Juno 1. via Honolulu and Yoko
hama. ' ' -
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 2— Jap «tinr
America Maru, for San Francisco.
8CILLY — Arrived July 2 — Br stmr Fine
Suey. from Vancouver.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 1— Stmr Barra
couta, for San Francisco. .
OCEAN STEAMERS. >_**
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July Z— Stmr
Etruria. from New York; stmr Arabic, from
New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived - July 2— Stmr St.
Louis, from. New York; atmr Frtedericn. der
Grosse. from New York
NEW YORK— Sailed July 2— Stmr Patricia.
for Hamburg; stmr Mlnnetonka, for London;
stmr Lucanla. for Liverpool; stmr Vaderland.
for Antwerp; stmr Koentgen Luise. for Naples;
stmr Furnesala. for Glasgow;- stmr P«TTigta.
for Naples: stmr Hrkla, for Copenh&ges. •.
¦Arrived July 2— Stmr Celtic, from Liverpool
and- Queenstown: siror Umbrta, from Liver
pool and Queenstpwn: stmr St. Paul , from
Southampton and Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Arrived July 2 — Stmr BIu«
cher. from New York 'for Hamburg, and 'pro
reeded; stmr Friederlcb der Grqase, from N^w
York, and proceeded.
Sailed July- 2 — Stmr Philadelphia. from
Southampton for New York.
. ANTWERP— Sailed July 2— Stmr Zeeltnd,
for New York. * '
HAVRE— Sailed July 2— Stmr La Tooraia*.
for- New York.- ,
ROTTERDAM— Sailed July 2— Stmr Pots
dam, for New York.
LIVERPOOtr— 8»Ued July 2 — Stmr Campa
nia, for New York. -. « -^s
Arrived .July 2— Stmr Canadian, from Bos
ton. " '* • •» "
• YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July S—
Stmr Siberia, from San Francisco, Tla Hono
lulu-, for Hongkong.
MOVILLE— Arrived July 2— Stmr Parisian.
from Montreal and Quebec for Liverpool. . .
.LONDON — Sailed July 2 — Stmr Cambrian.
fo'r Boston: stmr Minneapolis,- for New. York:
etmr Ontartan, for Montreal. . - .
BREMEN — Sailed July 2— Stmr Barsarona,
for "New- York via Chexbour*. . , * <
Eureka, bound south; put In for fuel.
Stmr San Pedro, Raamussen. 36 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Jahnsen, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr National City; Hammer. 16 hours from
Cleone. via Fort Bragg 15 hours, bound for
Port Los Angeles; put in to land passengers.
Stmr San Mateo. Ross. 83 hours from, Ta
coma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 53 hours from Baa
e Br°stmr Gaelic. Finch, 28 days 19 hours 57
mln from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days
11 hours 44 min. via Honolulu 6 days 16 hours
Schr *C A Thayer, Munson, 8% days from
Grays Harbor. • _
Schr Guide. Olsen, 8 days from Port An-
S Vchr Kona, Dlnsmor*. 6 days* from Port
Schr Fred E Sander, Svenson, 6 days from
Aberdeen,
CLEARED. *
-Saturday. July 2.
Stmr Mariposa. Rennie. Tahiti; J D Spreck
els Bros & Co. _• .
Stmr City of Panama, Thompson, Panama
and way ports: Pacific Mall S S Co.
Stmr Mlneola. Klrkwood. Petropaulovskl,
via Tacoma; Rotb. Blum & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka; Pacific
°Bark Roderick Dhu, Engalls.' Hllo: J D
Spreckels Bros & Co.
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Scott, Honolulu ;
Bktn S N Castle. 'Nllson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels. Bros & Co. , . ._ .
'^41;:. sailed.;
• Saturday.. July 2.
US stmr Tacoma. Nicholson. . cruise.
8tmr Coquille River, Sanford, San Pedro.
Stmr City of Panama.' Thompson, . Panama
and way ports. ,
Stmr National . City, Hammer. Port Los An.
*Vtnir Rival. Fosen. Bendera Landing.
Stmr Bonita. Preble, San Pedro and way
P °StnYr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie. Tahiti.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel River. 7-, ,\
Stmr San Pedro. Rasmussen. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendocino.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs. Tacoma. •
Stmr Jeanie. Bartlett, Seattle. -
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, • Grays Harbor. ; .
Bark Gerard - C Tobey. Scott. Honolulu.
Bark Roderick Dhu. Engalls. Hllo. . •' -
Bktn S • N Castle. Nllson. Honolulu. . .
Bk»n Amelia. Wilier. Eureka. ;
Schr Berwick, Jacobsen. Rogue River. \ ' -
Sctir Volunteer. ' Bresaen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Espada, Sarrins, Grays Harbor. -
v TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — July 2. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, 16 miles an hour.
V SPOKEN.
June 16 — Lat 1 S. long 30 W. Ger ship Ade
laide, from Caleta Buena, for. Philadelphia,
MANILA— Arrived June 16— Ger atmr Nu.
DOMESTIC PORTS; ' • v
SAN PEDRO-rSailed July 1— Schr, James H
Bruce, for Willapa Harbor. '• - • • ¦ c
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 2— Tug Daunt
less, hence June 30. .and sailed wltb bark
Holllsxvood for San Francisco.
POINT REYES — Passed July 2. 8:30 a ra—
Schr Kona. from Port Gamble for San Frani
Cisco. ,
SEATTLE — Arrived July 1— Stmr Roanoke.
from Nome; stmr Garonne, from Nome. July
2, 9 a m— Stmr City of Puebla, hence June 29.
Arrived July 2. 4 a m— Stmr Spokane, from
Sltka.
Sailed July . 1— Stmr Excelsior, for Valdez.
July 2— Stmr Queen, for San Francisco; Jap
stmr Kanagawa Mara: for China.
SEATTLE: — Sailed July 2. 2:30 p m— Stmr
Centennial for San Francisco: 2:45 p m— Stmr
Victoria, for Nome.
NOME — Arrived June 19 — Schr Seven Sisters,
hence May 15. June 23 — Stmr Ellhu Thom
son, from Tacoma. with barge Dashing Wave
in tow.
In port June 23— Two whalers and four
masted ship.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 2— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco. , •
TILLAMOOK— Sailed July 1 — Schr Volant,
for Redondo. v •' _ - .
ASTORIA— Sailed July 2— Stmr Despatch,
for i San i Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed July 2— Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed July 2— Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco. .
Arrived July 2 — Br bark Ventura, from {Pott
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 2— Schr Noy
elty. tor San Francisco; stmr Sequoia, for San
Francisco. • • -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 2—
Stmr Alcazar, from Santa Barbara. -
Sailed July 2— Stmr Alcazar, for San Pedro:
stmr Jas S Hljrglns, * f or San Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed July 2— Stmr- Arctic, for
San Francisco. ' • .
PORT HARFQRjft-Salled July_2, 7 p m—
Stmr Coos Bay. ffl»San. Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 2— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco: ,,._.._
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July 2— Schr Jenni«
Stella, from San Pedro.
Sailed July '2 — Nor r stmr Titanla. for Na
nalmo- schr Admiral, for Port Gamble.
¦COOS BAT— Sailed 1 July 2— Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
PORT LCDLOW — Arrived July 2— Nor stmr
Terjevtken. from Victoria. ' .
TATOOSH — Passed out July 2 — Br ship
County of Kinross, from Vancouver for
Queenstown: schr Robert U Hind, from Na
anlmo for San Frmncisco. <^'
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 2 — Nor baric
Theodore, for Algoa Bay.. >
ISLAND PORTS.
VALPARAISO. July 1— Chll bark - Antofa
gasta put In drydock for repairs. #"<
Per. stmr Garonne at Seattle — June 25. 200
miles from Nome, stmr Tamplco. from Seattle
for Nome.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Point Pully Post Light, page 44, after No.
202 (List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pa
cific Coast, 1904, page 77)— June 30 a fixed
white post lantern light, . suspended sixteen
feet above the water, from an arm on an un
painted pile, will be established on the south
easterly corner of the wharf on the outer end
of Point Pully. easterly side of Puget Sound,
and about midway between Seattle and Ta
coma. Wash.; Robinson Point Post Light. SSE
S E.; right tangent to Dolphin Point, Nwl
by W. % W.: Battery Point Post Light, NW.
by N., westerly.
The fo!16wlng affects the List of Lights.
Buoys and Daymarks, Pacific Coast, 1804:
Grays Harbor Entrance, pages 65, 71 and
72— Grays Harbor Outside Bar Whistling Buoy
was moved June 13 and Is now In ninety-three
feet of water, about % mile NNW. of its ror
mer position; lone tree on Damon Point. NE.
% N.; outer end of Jetty Wharf (inside the
bay), ENB. Vx E., northerly; Grays Harbor
Lighthouse. E. 5» N.
Outer Buoy — A B. A W. P. S. first-class
can was moved to the northward. In forty-two
feet of water June N 2O; lone tree on Damon
Point. NE. % N.: outer end of Jetty Wharf
(inside the bay). ENE. fi E.; Grays Harbor
Lighthouse, E. M *». •
Inner Buoy — A B. & W. P. 8. first-class
nun waa move* to the northward in twenty-
WASHINGTON
Swan Island Bar Lower Post Light, page 38,
No. 167 (List of Beacons. Buoys and Day
marks, Pacific Coast, 1904, page 64) — On or
about July 1 the structure irom which this
light Is shown will be moved to the westerly
side of the newly dredged channel, and about
10U feet SW. by W. of Its former position.
Coon Island Post Light, page 36. No. 15S
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pacific
Coast. 1804. page C3)— June 20 the structure
from which this light was shown was Tarried
away. Until the structure Is replaced the light
will be shown from an arm on a stake on Coon
Island, and about 125 feet W. % N. of Its
former position.
OREGON.
The following affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1904:
Notice to Mariners.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. _ From. Due.
Breakwater. . Coos Bay July 3
Wyefleld Nanalmo July 3
Al "CUc Humboldt July 3
Coo3 Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 3
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 3
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor .July 3
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 3
G. Dollar. .... San Pedro July 4
Totmes Hamburg & Way Ports. July 4
Corona Humboldt July '4
North Fork... Humboldt July 4
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pts. July 4
Sequoia Willapa Harbor... July S
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 5
Eureka Humboldt ...July B
Newburg Grays Harbor July B
p omo Point Arena & Albion. July 5
Queen Puget Sound Ports... . July 0
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July 5
Redondo Portland & Astoria July 6
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July «
: Argo Eel River Ports July 6
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. . July «.
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.... July tt
San Pedro.... Humboldt ..July 7
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River July 7
Pomona Humboldt July ~ l
Bonita.. Newport & Way Ports. July 7
Barracouta... New York via Panama. July 7
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 7
Santa Rosa... San Diego 4: Way Pts. I July 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports I July 7
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.|July 7
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria IJuly 8
R. Dollar Hakodate [July 10
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports... . I July 10
Hawaiian.... New York -via Coronel. July 11
Luxor... Seattle July 11
Alameda Honolulu "....July 12;
Ramses Hambure & Way Ports. July 12 '
Peru New York via Panama. July 13
Mongolia..../ China & Japan July 13 t
UmatiUa. . . .'. Puget Sound Ports.... July 15
, TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
July 3. |~~ f, ~
8. Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way. I 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPler 8
July 6.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
July 6 .
Breakwater Coos Bay direct. . . 5 pm Pier 8
Redondo. . . Los Angeles Ports. 1 rim Pier **
Arcata.... Coos B. &Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic....'. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt -.l:30pPler 9
Coos Bay..- San Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
July 7. ,
Eureka..... Humboldt i.J 9 am Pier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion R pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Sierra Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
July 8. |
Curacao.... Mexican Ports ..:. 10 am Pier 11
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance...- Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
July 9. I
PL 'Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 20
Aurelia.... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier U
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Korea China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
July 10.
Bonita.....' Newport St Way.:. S am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma, 5 pm Pier 20
July 11. . *
Bt. Paul.... Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Costa Rica. "Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
July. 13. I <
Rainier.... Seattle & Belllnghm 4 pmlPler 10
July 14. |
Gaelic . China & Japan.... 12 mlPier 40
CltyPuebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Luxor. Hamburg & Way. 12 m|Pier 1U
• FROM SEATTLE. :-V.
Steamer.*,, Destination. Sails.
Dolphin...'... Skagway &. Way Ports. July 3
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 6
Roanoke..... Nome & St.- Michael.. July 6
Jefferson..... Skagway & Way Ports. July 7
Farallon...;. Skagway * Way Ports. July 8
Bertha. • ..... Kodiak * Way Ports. July ; 10
Garonne...... Nome via Golovln Bay. July 10 i
Olympia..... Nome direct .......... July 10
Cottage Ctty. Skagway & Way Ports. July 12
the early morning tldee are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes-, occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
•he charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The baric Gerard C. Tobey was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with an assorted mer
chandise cargo valued at $23,122 and Including
the following: 200 bbls flour, 3111 ctls bar
ley. 426 ctls wheat. 1S6 ctls oats. 349 ctls
corn, 44,557 lbs middlings, 61,895 lbs bran,
23,328 lbs sugar. 7500 lbs salt. 5532 lbs beans,
1721 lbs peas, 15C9 bales hay, 1000 lbs meals,
210U lbs coffee. 15 pkgs pickles, 1517 lbs bread.
2500 gals wine, 3t>7 gals 26 cs whisky, 112.000
Ib» fertiliser, 5910 ft lumber. 2S5 cs soap.
1020 gals gasoline. 5S60 gals distillate. 40,000
lbs cement. 10 bbls 25 cs oils, 430 pkgs blast
ing powder, 50 bbls lime, 2000 lbs soda. 15
bales twine. 17 cs paints. 113 coils rope, 30
oars, 8 pkgs wagon material.
The barkentine S. N. Castle, -which was
also cleared for Honolulu yesterday, carried
cargo valued at $19,700. The leading ship
ments were as follows: 4691 ctls barley, 154
ctls wheat, €4 ctls corn. 34,350 lbs middlings,
56.125 lbs bran, 1254 bales hay, 13,063 lbs
beans. 70.000 lbs rice. 25,000 lbs salt. 10,639
lbs bread. £00 gals wine. 125 cs whisky, £S
casks beer. 17 cs canned goods. 2S pkgs pro
visions, 50 cs olive oil. 3117 lbs lard, 76 pkgs
table preparations. 3000 ft lumber, 402 cs
soap, 12 pkgs machinery, 8 bars steel, 75
boiler tubes. 33 bdls paper bags, 7 colls rope,
75 bbls lime. 15 bates twine. 5 drums car
bide. 50 cs matches, 4 cs boots and shoes.
The bark Roderick Dhu, which was cleared
yesterday for Hilo. carried cargo valued at
$25,850 and Including 60 bbls flour, 2225 ctls
barley. 800 bales hay, 691.710 lbs fertilizer.
15.000 lbs salt. 54 ctls wheat, 54 ctls corn,
5112 lbs middlings. 52,762 lbs bran. 10 casks
beer, 1340 pals wine. 35 pkgs potatoes and
onions, C65 bdls shingles. 400 bbls lime. 12 cs
boots and shoes, 1500 lbs tobacco, 6 pkgs dry
goods, 2 pkgs. machinery, 35 pkgs sewing
machines.
Three Cargoes for Hawaii.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Of flee, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Kxchange, San Francisco, Cal .
July 2. 1904.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa, Captain Rennie, which
sailed yesterday for Tahiti, carried a
large number of passengers, all on
pleasure bound and many of them at
tracted to the South Seas by the pros
pect of seeing the natives of the
French possession celebrate the Fall
of the Bastile in their strictly South
Sea way. The festival has long been
an institution in Tahiti, but this is the
first time since the establishment of
the steamship line between here and
Papeete that a liner's visit will coin
cide with the celebration.
Tahiti is one of the few remaining
accessible Pacific Isles where the ro
tiance of the South Seas has been un
llsturbed by the hustle and bustle of
iommercialism. This trip on the
Mariposa is as nearly ideal as any
holiday excursion available from any
American port. Tourists seeking to
avoid the personally conducted ruts
of travel tako the trio and doctors all
over the country prescribe it for their
patients as the perfect rest cure. With
each succeeding trip the number of
passengers increases and as the vis
itors grow in number Papeete im
proves her hotel accommodations and
increases her about-the-island trans
portation facilities.
The Mariposa sailed yesterday to
the accompaniment of music played by
her own orchestra. On the tris down
and back there will be nightly hops on
board and while in Papeete "open
house" will be maintained on the
liner. The Mariposa will arrive at Pa
peete July 13, the day before the cele
bration, and will remain in port one
week. Natives from surrounding
islands will Join in the festivities, and
those travelers fortunate enough to
be of the liner's company will witness
a phase of South Sea life rarely seen
even by old travelers.
Among those who sailed on the
ilariposa were the following named:
Mrs. N. Rideout, Mrs. Robinson. Mr.
and Mrs. H. B. Sperry, Miss B. Sperry,
Mrs. Austin Sperry, Madame Helene
Louban and two children, Mr. and
Mrs. Vernier and child, Mrs. A. J. Har
rell. Master Harrell, Mr. and Mrs. E.
C. Hughes, Miss F. Warden, Mrs. B.
R. Keith, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Band,
E. Peterson. C. H. Childs. H. M.
Weed. Mrs. E. R. Lillis, E. A. Davis,
Miss M. Curtis; B. S. Hubbard, wife
and children; Mies L. Post, Mrs. A. T.
Eastland. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott
and family, Mrs. C. Hessler. Miss
Emily Flelschman, C. Jessen, Donald
McClure, Miss Chambers, Miss M. C.
Chambers.
Carries Many Passengers.
The steamer City of Panama sailed y«s
¦terday for Panama and way ports with a gen
eral merchandise cargo valued at $54,532 to
be distributed as follows: For Central Amer
ica, $13,161; Mexico. $5404; Panama, $2145;
New York. $33,034; Ecuador, $663; Spain,
$125. The leading exports were as follows:
To Central America — 1008 bbls flour. 1567
gals 4 cs wine. 16 cs whisky. 9 pkgs liquors.
3 pkgs mineral water, 165 pkgs potatoes. 6U0
lbs .spices, £6,090 lbs rice. 20 ca canned goods,
4 c* salmon, 17 pkgs groceries and provisions,
12. ISO ft lumber. 2500 lbs soda, 6450 lbs tal
low, IS pkgs Iron, 2400 lbs grease, 14 pkgs
dry goods, 37 pkgs tar, 175 pkgs paints and
oils. .".5 *ks coal. 1*0 bbls cement. S coils rope,
11 bdls leather.
To Mexico — 152 gals wine. 41 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 29S lbs cheese, 730 lbs spices,
7 cs canned goods. 14,000 lbs tallow, 32 pkgs
nails. 8 pkgs paints and oils, 20 pkgs paste,
13 bdls tu el. 1975 lbs grease, IO.VvJ ft lum
ber. 8 bdls shingles, 20 pkgs machinery, 113
pips 19 bdls -iron. 23 pkgs drugs, 20 bdls
shooks.
To Panama— 300 bbls flour, 30 crts potatoes
and onions, 122 cs canned goods, 2 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 972 lbs dried fish, 1500
lbs bran, 0 ctls oats, 4 bdls brooms.
To New York— 28.000 gals wine. 06.129 lbs
wool, 2 bdls cattle hair. 40 sks horns. 33,>0
lbs dry hides. 124 pkgs shells.
To Ecuador" — 125 bbls flour. -~
To Spain — 1 pkg machinery.
Exports by the Panama. Steamer.
This afternoon was devoted to the
conduct of various schools ox" method,
among them junior. Intermediate,
tenth legion, quiet hour and Bible
study and missions departments.
"Christian Citizenship" was the theme
of the evening session, and addresses
were delivered by D. A. Schwitzer of
Los Angeles, Miss Adelaide Rutledge
of Santa Rosa, John W. Hatch of San
Francisco, Giles Kellogg of Los Angeles,
Rev. L. M. Hartley, D. D., of San
Francisco, Rev. William T. Patchell of
San Jose, Miss Gertrude Freitag of San
Jose, Rev. J. S. Thomas of San Fran
cisco and Miss Alice G. McMlllln of
San Jose.
ner. Socially the sessions have been of
the best, denominational rallies "af
fording opportunities for getting bet
ter acquainted, and the friendships
that have been formed In the City of
Roses will never be forgotten.
The steamer Mlneola was cleared yesterday
for Petropaulovskt via Tacoma with an as
serted merchandise cargo consigned to the port
of destination and other ports In Asiatic Rus
sia valued at *«1.101 and Including the fol
lowing: 4776 bbls flour, 420 gals 27 cs wine,
10.000 lbs lard. 37.S8O lbs pearl barley. 286,600
lbs salt, eg.000 lbs rice. 103.000 lbs sugar; 306
pkgs bottled beer. 1300 gals 201 cs spirits.
231 gale 17 cs brandy, 1C07 lbs bam, 347 lbs
coffee, 1940 lbs bread, 85 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 23 cs canned goods, 3184 lbs but
ter. 132 ctls oats. 1600 lbs candy. 138 pkgs
potatoes, 24 pkgs onions, 22 cs eggs. S4 pkgs
fresh fruits. 24.3S0 lbs S cs manufactured to
bacco, 9 bales bags. 8 coils rope, 60 bales
twine. 500 cs matches, 27S cs candles. 64 pkga
powder, 48 oars, 25 cs oils, 3000 bricks, 131
pes 12 bdls sheet iron, 1400 cs coal oil, 201
bx 8 soap. 34 pkgs dry goods, 4S cs boots and
ehoes, 19 pkgs shot, 1051 ft lumber.
A Cargo for Asiatic Russia.
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
• Th« British steamer Quito, 2152 tons, nww
at Victoria, will load coal at Nanalmo for
Noms itlme charter).
Channel Rock Buoy No. 2. was changed.
May 29. from, a first-class wooden spar to
a red second-class iron spar.
Makhnati Rock Buoy— A R. & B. II. S.
Eecond-clas3 nun was established May 31 in
sixty feet of water to mark a rock having but
ten feet over it at low water. The buoy should
be given a berth of not less than 200 feet.
West Beacon, N. % E. ; South Hospital of
Mission, NE Vi N. ; Eaet Beacon, ESE.
North Channel U> Sitka — The three fol
lowing buoys were .established as guides in
the narrow part of this channel near Harbor
Rock and are intended only for persons having
local knowledge. -
North Channel Buoy No. 3— A black sec
ond-class can was established June 1 In
twenty-two feet of water, close to a projecting
Handsplt on the northerly side of the channel.
Harbor Rock Spindle. ESE. Vt E.; Channel
Rock Spindle \V.; Right tangent to Griffith
Island. NNVV. V* W.
Harbor Rock Shoal Buoy No. 4— A second
class nun was established June 1 In twenty
three feet of water, close to the northerly point
of the ehoal on the southerly side of the chan
nel. Harbor Rock Spindle. SE. Vt, E.; Channel
Rock Spindle, W. northerly; Right tangent to
Griffith Island. NW. % N- wl ,_ •-. -
North Channel Buoy No. 5— A black.second
class can was established June 1 In seventeen
feet of water, close to the sandspit on the
northerly side of the channel. ¦ Outer end of
wharf Japon«kl Island, S. by E. ',i E.; Harbor
Rock Spindle. W. J£ N.: Right tangent to
Griffith Island, NW. Vi W.
Japonskl Island Ledge Buoy No. 2— A red
first-class spar was established June 1 In four
teen feet of water to mark a ledge making
out from Japonskl Island toward Harbor Rock,
the channel eouth of which should be used only
by persons having local knowledge. Harbor
Rock Spindle, N. by E. V* E.. easterly; outer
end of wharf Japonskl Island, SE. by E H E.;
Channel Rock Spindle, W. % N.
Peril Strait page 04, Llcsnoi Shoal Buoy No.
3 — A black second-class can, heretofore reported
roi««lng, was replaced May 2S.
By c-der of the Lighthouse Board.
C. G. CALKINS,
Commander. U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
% Chatham Strait, page 02— Tenakee Inlet Bea
con, an Iron spindle, nurmounted by a B. & W.
barrel twenty feet above low water, was es
tablished. May 27. on h. rock bare at % ebb.
near the entrance to th# Inlet. Left tangent to
South Passage Point SE. % S.; right tangent
to East Point NW. % N.
Sltka Harbor and approaches, page 03 —
Mitchell Rock3 Buoy No. 2. a red second-class
nun. heretofore reported missing, was re
placed May 31.
Rocky Patch Buoy No. 2 — A red first-class
nun, was established May 31. In forty-eight
feet of water, to mark a rocky patch. The
buoy should be Riven a berth of 10O ' feet.
Right tangent to. Sliver Point SE. Mt S.; loft
tangent to Katz Island WSW. % W.; south
hospital of Mission NW. % W., northerly.
ALASKA.
Entrance to San Juan Channel, page 83 —
Salmon Bank Buoy No. 1» a first-class Iron
spar, was moved, June 10, and Is now In forty
one feet of water, about 1500 feet south of Its
former positin. Cattle Point Post light N. one
and fifteen-sixteenths miles; Smith Island light
house SE. by E. % E. ; Discovery Island (Cana
dian) lighthouse SW. by W. % W.
two feet of water June 19: lone tree on Da
mon Point.. NE. »4 N.J outer end of Jetty
Wharf (Inside the bay). E. «i X.. northerly;
Grays Harbor Lighthouse, E. »j, S.
Truttee Spit Buoy No. O— A red flrst-clacs
nun, was moved to the northward In thirty-two
feet of water, June 19. Lone tree on Damon
Point NNE. % B. ; outer end of Jetty whary
• inside the bay) E % N.J Grays Harbor light
house E. by S.
South Spit Jetty Buoy. — A red. second-class
nun, marked "'Jetty" in white, was established
June 13. in eighteen feet of water, to mark the
outer submerged end of the Jetty. Vessels
should not pass to the eastward of the buoy.
Lone tree on Damon Point N. by E. ft E.; Ned
rock NNE. % E.; Grays Harbor light-house
E. % N. . ' "
Starboard Side of Channel Buoy No, 4 — A
first-class spar, found adrift June 13, was re
placed the xame day.
Jaan ile Fuca Strait, page 74 — Sand Spit,
r.ew Dungcness buoy No. 2. reported adrift
June 17, will be replaced as soon as practi
cable.
Heln Bank Buoy — A It. & B. II. S. flrst-rlass
nun. was moved about 130O feet to the south
ward, in thirty-five feet of water. June 10, and
is approximately fifty feet N. % W. from a
pinnacle rock or boulder having but fourteen
and a half feet over it at mean low water.
Smith Island lighthouse E. % N., northerly;
New Dungeness lighthouse S. % E.; Discovery
Island (Canadian) lighthouse W. % N.
Rosario Strait, page 83 — Boulder Reef Buoy
No. 2, a second-class nun. reported adrift
June 14, will be replaced as soon as prac
ticable.
SANTA ROSA, July 2.— The Califor
nia Christian Endeavor Union conven
tion to-day elected the following" offi
cers: Leon V. Shaw, of the Christian
Church of Los Angeles, president; Dr.
E. B. Newton, of the Presbyterian
Church of Santa Ana, first vice presi
dent; Frederick McNulta, of the Con
gregational Church of Fortuna, sec
ond vice president; Marlon O. iWlse
man, of the Church of * the United
Brethren of Sacramento, third vice
president; W. ,W. Jenkins, of the Pres
byterian Church of Oakland, general
secretary; George O. Watson, of the
Lutheran Church of y San Francisco,
treasurer; R. R. .Patterson, of the
Presbyterian Church of San Francisco,
statistical secretary; Dr. E. C. Newell,
of the Baptist Church of San Jose, in
termediate superintendent; Miss Ame
lia Kuhlitz, of the Presbyterian Church
of Watsonville, junior superintendent.
Santa Barbara was chosen as the
next place, of meeting by the commit
tee, but will have to show the execu
tive committee that it is able to pro
vide for the entertainment and holding
of the convention before the award is
finally made. Paso Robles undertook
the task of entertaining the Christian
Endeavor Union for the present year.
b.ut when the time drew nigh notified
the executive committee of its inability
to handle the convention. To' obviate a
repetition of this the convention cities
in future will have to make a showing
to the executive committee. Santa
Rosa intended seeking the honor of
entertaining the Endeavorers in 1905,
but owing to the failure of the Paso
Robles people undertook the task on
short notice this year.
To-morrow will witness the close of
the . convention. The delegates have
thoroughly enjoyed ' their stay in this
city and have accomplished the work
they set out to do in admirable man-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After their trial and conviction
Linderman confessed to having shot
Walch.
Severier, who is an ex-convict, as
sisted by his three co-defendants, held
up and robbed a Southern Pacific
freight train between Wadsworth and
Wjnnemucca' last August. Patrick
Walch, who was aboard the train, was
thrown off after having been robbed
of a few trinkets. Four bullets were
then fired into^his body, but he lived
long enough to N identify the four men,
who were arrested a short time after
the robbery.
CARSON, Nev., July 2.— The Su
preme Court to-day granted a new
trial to ' the four Humboldt County
murderers — Linderman, Gorman, Rob
erts and Severier — on the ground that
the lower court erred in allowing one
of the jurors to serve, he not being in
a frame of mind that would permit
of him giving the prisoners a fair and
impartial trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Next Session of the Associa
tion Will Be Held in the
Pretty Southland 'City
Rules That Lower Tribunal
Erred in Allowing One
of the Jurors to Serve
The disabled British bark Hollis
wood left San Pedro yesterday for this
port in tow of the tug Dauntless.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha liner Amer
ica Maru sailed yesterday from Yoko
hama for this port.
The United States cruiser Tacoma
went to sea yesterday morning.
The Doric arrived yesterday at
Hongkong.
The steamer Ping Suey, previously
reported with a broken shaft, arrived
yesterday at the Scilly Islands.
Water Front Xotes.
VERDICT
SETS ASIDE
SANTA BARBARA CHOSEN
Among the Gaelic's passengers were
many tea growers and a large num
ber of missionaries and their families.
The passengers included the following
named: Mrs. F. N. Ailing. J. N. Boyd.
Mrs. Boyd. Mrs. S. E. Brown, Kensett
Brown. Dr. R. B. Ewan, Mrs. Ewan
and two children. Rev. C. H. Harvey.
Mrs. Harvey, T. Isisawa, K. Ito, G.
Lefeuve. Mrs. R. W. McWade, To
Dune Min and sen-ant. Miss E.
Mackay. O. H. P. Noyes, M. Okada,
S. Oku. E. I*. K. Schmulling. Mrs.
Schmulling. C. Watanabe. Mrs. Wata
t:abe, Mrs. A- G. Bunbury. M. Badlng,
Mrs. Badlng. Rev. A. B. Caldwell. Rev.
L. B. Cholmondeley, W. B. Gibbons
and valet. IL B. Gibbons. J. Hilde
brand. Dang Ting Hing. Mrs. Dang
Ting Hlnjc. M. B. L^avitt. Mrs. Leavitt.
Dr. W. E. Macklin. Mrs. Macklin and
four children. Theodore Macklin. Wil
liam Macklin. Dr. G. H. Ostrander,
Count Alfred Boninski, J. Shaw, Miss
2. D. Tiddy.
The Gaelic was expected to arrive
late Friday night and at sunrise yes
terday morning quarantine, immigra
tion. Chinese Bureau and customs offi
cials were on hand to receive her. It
was S:30 a. m., however, before she
was reported passing the Farallones
and after 3 o'clock before she reached
her berth at the Pacific Mail wharf.
Head winds were encountered on the
run from Honolulu and the Gaelic
was 6 days and 16 hours coming 1 from
the Hawaiian port.
In the liners' treasure room was a
shipment of 500,000 Japanese gold
yen.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Gaelic, Captain
Finch, arrived yesterday from the
orient. She brought 2424 tons oJ
cargo and 236 passenrers, o£ -whom
150 were Chinese and 29 Japanese.
The Gaelic brought a large shipment
of tea, part of which she took aboard
bI Keelung. Formosa, at which port
e he called for the first time.
Her cargo Included 1200 barrels of
California wine and 500 tons of lead.
Supreme Court of Nevada
Grants Another Lease of
Life to Four Murderer^
California Christian En
deavor Union Transacts
Business d! Importance
Liner Is Handicapped by Weather and Takes Sev
eral Hours Longer Than Usual for the Run From
Honolulu to This Port — Brings Many Passengers
ORDERS A NEW
TRIAL OF CASE
NEW OFFICERS
ARE SELECTED
HEAD WINDS MAKE HARD
GOING FOR THE GAELIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO TCALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1901.
37
__.._ -__Jlll ' _..!¦' - J I . - * w -^-- r — ¦_.' _,_ [¦¦III IMS— ¦
I •• — =^= — = — __ — = — = == , L
Another Of THE CALL'S NEW ART SERIES
It Will fie Issued FREE With the SUNDAY CALL, July 10th
THE GRASS WIDOWS
AN IDEAL STUDY!.... A BEAUTIFUL PICTURE
The first subject selected could scarcely be recognized by the half-
tone above, on account of the impossibility of showing the exquisite col-
oring of the original by this process.
Copies of this picture, which is to be given away, are displayed in •
prominent places throughout the city. Don't fail to inspect one.
The Grass Widow represents a rare type of beauty, in that a peculiar #
piquancy is given to the expression of the face of this beautiful' woman by'
the wealth of Titian hair and her dark eyes. The richness of her auburn
tresses is heightened by the roses, carelessly draped in her coiffure, and
the pearls entwining her neck and bust; these with the contrasting back-
ground give warmth and brilliancy to the flesh tones.
In painting his subject Mr. Bryson makes liberal use of his well-
known talent in bringing out that life and dash so inseparable from the
American Girl. He portrays in this study an exquisitely gowned figure
seeking the buffet after a cotillon.
Combining artistic coloring and handling with a flavor of style and
smartness, these pictures, are the vogue throughout the country to-day.
IMPORTANT. .,/
As the publisher at best can only estimate the increased number that
may be needed to supply an unprecedented demand, the certain way to
get this and the art subjects that follow is to leave an order to-day with
your newsdealer or telephone the office for
Ijhe San Francisco Sunday Call
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"TJNiotf 'Gas Engines
Lnion engines - f"*******-****.
in use in es^s. p. 3-cy£indeb "omow " marine ehqijte. '
this port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
UnionGasEniineCoinpanKsAN^SmW• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 3, 1004.
38
JOHN' D. SPK KCliKLS^^^Proyrleior
AdCrtf-3 Crmmuclcatic=s to
\Y. J. 31ARTIX Bti^inc&s 31unagrr
TELEPHONE. £ * I-
m»
A*k for THE OALT^. Tb- Operator Will Con-
nect Ycu With the I>ep<irtnjent Yon Wish.
Publication Office Mstket and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms -17 to 221 Stevenscn Bt
rrilvered by Carriers. SO Cts. Per W«ek. 75
fit. Vtr Mon;h. Single Copies 5 Cts.
T«rc:s ty ilail Including Postage (Carh Wltn
Order) : . •
DAIZ.Y CALL ttatSad. Sunday), 1 year.. .$S. 00
JtAIT.Y CALL Jinclurt. Sunday). « mos... *£» .
DAILY CALL— ty Tingle Month «"f I
mM)AY CALL. 1 Year 2-£J |
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year . 10P
»v »i-i.>v t /'«ily...*».«0 Per' Year fc-xtra
! onnic.N J Cn( $';. "^ , a p er y> ar Extra
POSTAGE. 1 &£*& \}% r>Vr T«r Kxtr*
ALL rOSnXASTBSS ARE AUTHORIZED TO I
DECKIVE EtrBSCRIPTIONS.
' fir.:r:e Cop>s will be forwarded when re- j
quested. ..
Mall *-jt>*erib«rs in erderl-.* x change cf ad- ;
*houid b* particular to give both' NEW |
\Sl> r»Ln ADDRESS In crder to lnmire a ;
prompt and compliance with their re- ,
OAKLAND OFFICE: -'> ; -.^jl
30U- Breatfwsy Telephone Main 1053 1
BERKELEY OFFICE: j
:u$ <"«r.?rr Street Telephone North iT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fAMLCL W. WALL Hotel Barton]
NETT TOKK NEWS STANDS: j
vreidorf-AHoria Hotel: A. Brentsno. 31 ,
D&lea Fn-j»r*: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avt-
sue Hotel tr.i HoiTman Hoass.
— — — % j
CHICAGO NEW0 STANDS:
Fhrrmtn House : P. O. News Co.: Great ;
Northern Hotel. Tremcnt House; Auditorium ;
Hut el;' Palmer Hou«*.
CHICAGO REPnESENTATIVE:
C. GEOnnK KROGNKSP..Mar(juette Building .
(Lcrg Distance Telephone. "Central 2*19.")
NntV TORK r.TCPREKENTATIVE:
CTEFilEN U. SMITH 30 Tribune Building ,
NTT^- TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CaTFILTON .Herald Square
EUSINES? OFFICE cf the San*Francl*co Cail. t
Cnrr,*r KerWet and Third streets; open until j
12 o'clock fvery nlrtt in the year. ,
BRANCH OFFICES:
1CO« 5Jsrk-?t etrec-t, eppoiite Fifth; opea until
11 p. m.
627 Mrr.tF^merj' rtreet. ccrner Clay; open until
9:"O p. ai.
S00 Uaye* street; opea until 0:30 p. m.
«Bfl McAUlster street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*15 L«rK'.n street, open unui 9:30 p. m.
!M1 M!*s!rn street: open until 10 p. tn.
22<;l Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open until .
0 r- m-
IM E3e»«nt> street; cpen until 9 p. ra.
100G Valencia *treet; cpea until 0 p. m.
Ncrtheait corner Church aad Duncan streets;
cj*n cr.t'l 9 p. n. •' -
Ncrth*e*t coretr of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »tr«ft*: open until 9 p. m. '
2200 F.Iimore Mreet; open until 8 p. m. J
BlEAxi ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE. ,
MAI)I?CN &. BCKKE. i
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 165S.
30 Montgomery *t Opposite Lick House.
$12.000 — Pest #t.; two lane well censtracted
hcuie«; v*ry large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
53,'rfO — 6 flats and store below- near Sixth
and lirannan sts.; rent $S8 p«r month;
new bulWing.
18,090 — Ashrury st., near Frederick: a fine
large 10-room bouse; near the Park: I
bllllart-room. finished attic and . all
modern conveniences. ,
110,710— Part •t.'j 2 up-to>«ate Cats. 6 and 7 '
roon-.s and bath; sr.r.usl rent 1900. <
SZ.ZV-— Beaver et., near Noe: beautiful cot- J
-.:i- . - ;-t the thing for a small family; !
tine gaiden. I
tS.ICO — Nc», near Market; a nice cottage
<-h«.ap to close estate; 23x120.
SiX**< — Tmth et., iK8r Harrison; lot 25x100;
. rent $32.
112O0 — Two r.ew flats; Vermont st, near
--'i. rents $13 per month; must be sold.
LOTS
M.I00-— FtHmcre rt., ntar Oro%e; lot «23x
$l.»«i— 14th ave. and A tt.. cor.; 120 feet on
tilt ctw park panhandle.
fS.iW— 2 fine lot§; Beuiah et, near Stanyan;
$3.50(1 — Tr^mor.t ave., west line; 6-roora cot- j
tagi in fine condition; near Frederick st. '
fl.."^f^ — Harriet st, near Bracnan; lot and 2-
Etory houit; tcuet cell.
$1,S75— Harrircn st. near 2*th; fine cottage,
*. rocirg an^ bath; lot 20x110; cheap.
f> ¦'-'¦ — Chattjujocra rt., near Twenty-third;
Isrge lot"C5xll7:« to rear street.
t-ti 27:Cx!37:6. «« Eutter st, between Steiner i
and Pjerce. ; : . r — -,- ,
}_:-.- lot, NE. corner Golden Gate ave. !
and Uaker »t; In sizes to suit; prices .'
trum »2CC0 upward.
Tfcree lcty, taxh 27:Cxl37:0, on south line of i
O»r> ct.. near Fillmore.
MADISON £ BCRKE.
SO Moatgoraery rt., opp. Lick House. -
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. j
Our r.ew office et Oceanslflc attracts attention.
But nothing Hike our new lots.
Evtryhoty wants tl-.frn; select cr.e quick. !
?C00 to $1200— easy terms.
On rar :ine and fronting park; unobstructed
v:ew cf ocean; *:i graded, ready to build 00.
••Oc-eanslde" Erench Office corner 47th ave. i
and H st. Open Sundays and holidays. ;
"~}?5 to f250— Near parli and ocean; %i monthly.
K50 to (1000-Cholceet Richa'oDtf lots; in-!
•tsitmenu.
«15-J to <10&— Level Exceleior Homestead lots, j
*«K). to $3000— Modern cottages ia Sunset i
Iilchrooad. CtcewinsKie and Excelsior Home- ;
ctead; tzsy terms. •
Bur.sct Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st. j
Jioom M, Fourth Floor. Chrcnlcje Building. ¦
HAWKS tt SKELTON, ~~~
P.ents CoP.ec ted and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
JJ7,r-C0— Van Ness ave., near Vallejo st: ele-
pant houw or 0 rooms and basement
combing billiard - room. wlneroom.
!sur.<Srj tnd tenants' room; modern
t *:,<'. u:i i-j date tvtry way.
$13.i«O— p-u« house: L»-av#nworth. near Clav-
? r £?, m * «"< ««U.: laundry In buriMnt:
««.0CO-^Jal; rtr^t near Scott; good 2-story
):-ui- of 7 rocms and batn; let 25x137.
S10,000~NW. ccr. Lerkin and Francisco- 137x
137: hae commanding view of the bey
and when Frnnchico st. Is rraded win
fee v.01 1 h double Oils price. "
f7.ca'— OcU\t4. st, nrar Broadway; good
houae or . rocir.i. and bath; fine view or
worth the rrice; 23xltt; make off«r.
HAWKS A glCSLTOy. 323 Montgomery st
XT Is '-up xt, you." whether you want to live
!o > ;ur own "home-", oa July 4. IMS, O r con-
tinue raj ing rent m long «c you live "Lib-
Itty an.l frewletn" yon ebould s-trlve for and
ou ca» only obtain liberty wben ™ own
t»ur home, and freedom T,ben you rid your-
t-lf cf the lamUon). Give us a call and net
h ««*: /cu wiu baveno difficulty to deal
IfgS&UUN nnqg. & CO.'aiome "providers.
' CIC Sacramento %L
JOPiTPH KTItAUB. O) Market st
M^ e new f.-room cottage; bath; basement-
»'« 2>?h =nd C-xstro ets.; 2 car lines. " ca>enl<
TVro flat* .-*tc»e and' t rooms: upper 5
Ioms: rtablt; let 22x114 ;.. *i«rm
Oonrtr 2 flats, -fj-C rooms; lot 2%xfJl!'."j37oo
< utifRc rf ,*. roonin. bjtth, l«s*jnent....$2flno
rottese. 0 rooms. Uth. battttent: Pest «t
.1 medrrn flats. C rooms each; McAlUs-
« nrv"oF rticnMONn. - ~— —
LOT*! $5 PPR MONTH.' ' '
Tht- California terminus of -the Hsnta Fe Rail-
roed nnrt the -Hlandartl- Oil comiiany i« tt
_i:;<rl;mcf>d; just across the bay from Ban Fran-
tiro.1 v\-li^re thp«#\a»rporaiionB are Bj»e»dln2
wiilllonK of, dollar*. Buy a lot If .you :waint
n» miik« money. Address RICHMONO LAND
COMPANY. Crocker building. San FrancUco.
TT\"O lots wtth at least ?a~t*+t~irotil'aitv In the
TV"*«tem. Addition. Box 2fl41. Call pffice.
I .IKAI. K«tVrK «-1TV--KOH SA1,K.
, BALDWIN & HO WELL*
25 Poat-st •
i fS.OOO — Miisinr.-s property: steadily rented
i More (hardware) -with living-rooms, flat
i above of « rooms and bath; rents
*42 50 i>er month; lot 2Sxl-'S; Castro
and Market.
J
I $ 2 l,00o— Profit of S5CU0 within 3 years'; prop-
s eriy now rents for nearly 0 per cent
• net; large corner en 3d st.; splendid
' site for new building.
! $1S.500 — R«its $132 50 per month; corner store.
|- * under lease, and 2 flats; prominent
1 mrner on Deviyadero et.; large lot, 3L'x
! 100.
j $0,150 — To bs sold for absent owner; 2 flats
on north side of Frederick Bt.; rents
i $ti00 per year: lot 25xll6:«>; price re-
duced /or quick sale.
$5,500— Jackson 3t, near Hyde; key lot, 25x
j 67:6; houte of 9 room9 and bath;
splendid location for 3 flats.
$2.875— Hents $24 50; lot 25x75; Teharaa st.
near 1st; 2 houses cf <> rooms each.
$7.500- -Pine et.,. ar. Steiner; lot 27:2x137:6;
residence of u rooms and bath.
$S.0O0— AVsbster Et, nr. Broadway; residence
of 7 room* and bath; Urge lot; owner
will exchange fcr Oakland or Berkeley
!
\ $13, SCO— Gough st. nr. McAllister; lot 27:6x
77; rt-nts $15C0 per annum: 4 *tor<-&
find i flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each. •
I $11.750— Price greatly reduced for an Immediate
sale; Mission-et business corner; store
and :.ar<-m»nt; two fiats above; rents
?S5 r>er month.
}fi.«50 — Hents $52 per month; lot 25x80: Minna j
¦et.. nr. Eighth; 4 flats of 4 rooms each. |
$1,600— Leavenworth. nr. Jackson; lot 22:6xS0;
two-Mory hcuse cf o rooms and bath.
! • * ,.-¦/'¦ - - -' ' . '• *-— •
$4,000— Laurel st.. Presidio Heights district;
; _> lot 25x112:6; corner of <i rooms and
bath; modern throughout; ten-foot
basement
$11.000— Rents $105 per month: Willard St.,
overlooking Golden Gate Park; large
lot. 2&xUH>; new building of three
modern flats of 5-6-0 rooms and bath
* each; rents $105.
BALDWIN & HOWECL' S~Bra"noh~bffl ce] T"
Corner H etreet and Seventh avenue.,
Fronting Golden Gate Park. ¦
Cheapest and best home sites in San Fran-
cisco; easy terms; office open every day,
Sundays and holidays.
C. M. WOOSTEU CO.^ 849 MARKET ST*.
HIGH CLASS FLATS.
$21,000 — Three of thoee beautiful new, mod- I
ern flat* on Franklin st near Ellis; 8-9-9
rooms and bath; lot 27:Cxll2:6; always rented;
pays $204G.
A SNAP.
$975O 5 — Three new modern flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; re,nts $10SU; lot 25xlGO; on Mc-
Allister st.
PAYS WELL. -r« —
$G0OO — Two new modern flats, large basement,
which could easily be remodeled Into a third
flat; near Golden Gate Park; rent $600.
100 FEET FROM MARKET ST.
$4250 — Two flats of 5-0 rooms and bath; good
plumbing, etc, rents $460.
MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$10,500 — Three new flats; magnificent marine
view; recta $1170.
THE BEST BUY IX THE MARKET.
$12,500 — Three elegant new modern flats, 7-7-7
rooms and b&th each; laundry; basem*nt;
wired for electricity; well builV*nd planned:
finished in all the latest, upyfo date details;
rents $1444; lot 25x137:0; north side of Haight
street
11000 — 8 brand new modern flats, 5 rooms and
bath; rents $780; near Tenth and Folsom.
$3100 — Handsome residence, 7 rooms and
bath; on Diamond st, near Nineteenth; lot
24x125.
$210f> — A coxy cottage of 5 rooms on Laguna
st: corner lot. , 20x62:6.
56750 — Elegant modern residence, 9 rooms
and large etable in rear; lot 26:64^x137:6; good
slsed L; near Pierce and California; is great
big value.
$6230 — 2-story residence of 8 rooms and
bath; Devisadcro st. near Haight; lot 25x125.
$5500 — Handsome 2-etory shingled house; S
rooms and bath: on beautiful Parnassus
Heights, tiloee to Affiliated Colleges and Golden
Gate Park; lot 25x101.
$4500 — Handsome cottage, 6 rooms: poro«laln
bath; large reception hall; lot 27:6x137:6;
Uoldett Gate ave.
$37£O — House of 9 rooms; Folsom st, near
Twenty-third.
$2600 — Residence, 7 rooms and bath : barn
for 6 hoi-ee*; on Alabama st, near Twenty-
sixth; lot 25x100; improvements at a email ex-
pense could be converted into flats; they rent
at present for $25.
$2500 — Handsome cottage of 0 rooms, bath,
brick foundation: on Church st, near Twenty-
fourth: lot 2.*ix75.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. CIS Market st
VON RHEIX REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
DRUMM-ST. CORNER.
$12,000 — Corner Merchant and Drumm, with
1 old lmprovrments. renting for $51 per month.
COR. POLK AND WASHINGTON.
100x102 :*%: one of the best business locali-
ties on Polk st; will be sold cheap.
COR. MTH and KANSAS STS.
$4C00 — 25x133:0; Improvements consist of a
: bakery and flat above, renting for $37 50 per
month.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS HOME.
$5500— Well-built house of 11 rooms and
; bath; Webster tt., near Central ave.-
steiner'st. flats.
.$9000—27:6x100: Steiner. ntar Union; 3 mod-
ern flats, renting for $30 per month.
PARNA6SUE-AVE. LOT.
$1450—25x120; Parnassus, near Stanysn.
FREDERICK-8T, BUILDING LOT.
$1850—25x100; south line of Frederick, near
Willard; adapted for home. ."
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER.
Cfixl25; a corner in the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ne&s ave.; In one or two lots.
JONES-ST. BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$11,000 — 40x137:0; Jones St.. near Greenwich;
4 modern flats, renting for $S7 50.
PROMINENT MISSION CORNER
$15.0U>— 55x»0; NE. cor. 24th and Bhotwell;
improvements consist of etore, flats and house
renting tor $112 per month.
TLRK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY
$42,500—27:6x137:6; Turk, near Taylor; old
improvements renting for $100 per month.
E. H. LANGE tc CO.^ ~~~
j. • .. 24 MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM 23.
$4,250— 1208 Stanyan Et.; modem 8-room real,
denee; lot 25x100.
$6,500— Carl et, near Cole- 3 choice flats- lot
25x137:6; rented low $53; mortgage $3C00
can remain.
$15,000 — California st. near Octavla: elegant
north side residence; lot 34x132.
13.650 — Northwest corner Stanyan and Par-
nassus ave.; lot 25x107; /cheapest buy in
1 Panhandle district. . \
\ $3,550— Fell st, between Flllmore and Stelne':'
j •- choice, building lot. 25x137:6.
{• $11,000 — Col* st, -near. Frederick; 3 new flats'
lot 27:6x100: rent $90.
¦f ». ,, K - H- 'LANGB * CO..
. _ . 20 Montgomery tt.. room 23.
{$18,500— PINE "st: 3 fiats, 21 rooms; near
; Mason: lot 25x117 to alley.
Dolores st, near Twenty- fourth. - '
Eleventh-et. lot. 100x123.
$425 — Fine corner lot. 25x113
$2,800 — Ssnchez-st' cottage, 4 rooms; lot
25x100. > • ¦ ¦ . . '• -
?0oo— Mitruel et; lot 33x112.
$2,700— -Church, nr. 22d; cottage 6 rooms*
$4,000— Seott-st. cottage; lot 25x80.
$5,600— Guerrero, nr. 21st, 8. rooms, bath, 32
1 xll7 to alley.
1 $1,250 — Washington st, near Scott 3 flats;
1 «.* lot 27:6x100. ,
1 14th. nr Valencia, lot ' 25x100; cheap. .'-,-'•
Corner Noe and 22d.- lot 26x114; bargain.
$8,500 — Ashbury st, 0-room residence; lot &0
••?-, ; X106. - . ¦
Waller, nr. Stanyan; lot f 55xS5; snap -for
builders, for five days.
PATTERSON, Examiner building.
NELSON, JOHNSON & 4 CO.;
203 Montgomery st, opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN Uc&L ESTATE
Foreclosure. Probate and T'orcrd Sales of AH
Kinds wIM b*- Found in Our -
UP-TO-DATE. BUYERS' GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully selected list of cheapest propertlei.
I offered en the, market In every location. Send
; us. your address and- we. will mall you one.
J NELSON. JOHNSON A CO V
].„ 203 Montgomery «t, opp. Mills , bldg. '
. **OK sale— Artistic home^near park; 6 rooms,
'] - bath, servants' room, conservatory;, stable,
chicken house, yard for cow; large lot; three
j . mlnuteu from four car lines;' all as good as
fi new; owner leaving. city; open Sunday, do
1, Ninth ave.. In- 1 ween B .and C stsl-
A BARGAIN — Several lots -In Itlchmond dis-
I trict. Address 3153 Steiner et . '
KFtti K*T«TK — r«»»ir»— r»f «<l*
?1S,000— 400 ACRES stock and dairy ranch. 30
acres. hay land. 16 acres grapes, bearing; SI
cows. 41 head of stock, boiler and engine,
churn and separator: dairy piant coitipift-:
40 tons hay In barn; 3 acres tomatoes; 1 team
wagon and harness; 20CO to 25CO cords wood;
all tcols. All for the one price. For par-
ticulars call on. or address
J. O. HICKS. Healdsburg, Cal^
$3080— RAXCH of 27?T acres; near Wateonvllle;
orchard of 9C0 ycung apple trees: good water,
etc. Apply 4032 Twenty-fifth »t.
SALE or exchange — Portland. Ore., suburban*
Jot: 40 acres: Jackson County. Ore. Box
3184. Call office.
*AV UATBO RBA& Sggfgg*
SAN MATEO —, BAN MATEO
THE FIXEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE DIS-
TRICT XEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice Ust of excellent residence
; properties, %-llla sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San
I Alateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy term?-
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
azent, Frank 8. Grammon. San Matco office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
j ELMHMtST REAL ESTATE.
; " "" ' i
mmr '
$6C0— SMALL cottage, with 2 lots; 4Cxl32.
$250 cash — 4-room cottage; nice lot. «
$1000 — 4-room cottage; high basement; nice 1
yard.
$30CO — Handsome 10-room hduss; hot and cold 1
water in all the bedrooms; 2 toileta; fin* :
b*thrc>©ra; electric lights; handsome !
grounds; this U a bargain.
We have also all kinds of property, cash or
terms; also homes erected: money advanced.
ELMHURST REALTY CO..
- ELMHURST. CAL.
MOSS TRACT LOTS.
Six very nice lots; must be sold at once:
lots 40x125; only one block from electric car
lines; many fine homes all about. Address
Owner, box 1203, 8. F. Call branch office
Oakland. Cal.
l'Ol.Vf HI CH >1 OS D HKA I. K.tTATB.
I BIG baVgaln; lot at Pt. Richmond; Installment
i Write A. P.. 2235 Bancroft way. Berkeley.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply 328 Bush st. third floor, room 4.
AltD S17PFUXS.
AX exceptionally good Ko. 2 Rimlngton. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
' higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 636 California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. * M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st
2D HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 80S Market
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AEAMEDA BEAI. ESTATE.
DO YOU SAVE MO^'EY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
BY PAYING RENT?
BY PAYING REXT?
WE GUARANTEE YOU X SAVING BY
PURCHASING A HOUSE AND LOT.
HAVE WE FOR SALE?
EVERY KIND OF PROPERTY FROM $100
LOTS TO A MAX8ION. WE OFFER THE
BEST TERMS. WE BUILD THE BEST
HOMES. OUR INFORMATION IS THE BEST.
OUR TRANSACTIONS THE MOST RELI-
1 ABLE. AND WE ARE ALWAYS PLEASED
: TO OFFER YOU EVERY OPPORTUNITY
I FOR INVESTIGATING BEFORE PURCHAS-
ING.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST.
INSPECT OUR HOMES.
GET OUR PRICES.
BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN HOMES. PER-
FECT IN ARRANGEMENTS. CHARMINGLY
SITUATED, LOCATIONS IDEAL. PURCHASE
TO-DAY. PROCRASTINATION IS THE
THIEF OF TIME.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE IS SOUND.
SOLID AND DAILY ADVANCING.
A FEW BARGAINS. GET ONE AND LIVE
IN COMFORT AMIDST NATURE'S HAND-
SOME GIKTS. WITH EVERY POSSIBLE AT-
TRACTION WITHIN HER REACH WASHED
ON HER BEAUTIFUL SANDY BEACH BY
THE WATERS OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
$1500 buys a 5-room house: good lot
$2200 buys a fine 6-room house: a snap.
$2500 buys an elegant cottage; lot 50x150.
S3000 buys a beautiful cottage; lot 40x100.
?3T»00 buys an elegant 7-room house.
* 4 25ft buys a beautiful modern 8-room house.
$4250 buys an elr&ant 8-room house; fine loca-
tion.
$5SC0 buys a modern home, 8 rooms and bath;
1 corner lot.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD.
* FIRST COMER GETS ONE OF THE BIG-
GEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED TO THE
PUBLIC
COST $22,000.
WILL BE SACRIFICED FOR
*10.000.
COME AND PEE THIS PROPERTT. THE !
FINEST CORNER LOT IN ALAMEDA: LOT I
7.1x187: -HOUSE! OF 12 ROOMS AND PATHS. '
i FURNACE AND ALL MODERN IMPROVE-
MENTS.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
150O PARK ST.
TEL. ALAMEDA 490. ALAMEDA.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY. !
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES '
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR- :
GAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY. j
GENUINE BARGAIX. |
Lot. 2Sxl25, ,on Main street; nearly new cot-
tage; price $1750.
TWO BARGAINS.
5-room cottage; lot 50x125; $1300. ,- .
5-room cottage; lot 22x150; $1300.,
FOR PALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS.
33:4x120 TO SSxl'A. j
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMlt TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. • STATION,
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL' ESTATE— A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY./ ..;* t
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE. I
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA. !
ADAMS Jc CO.
For Alameda real estate don't fall to eall on
us, the reliable agents who havs houses, cot-
i taxes and lots for sale in the very best loca-
1 tinns In Alameda. Take broad gauga and get
off at. Bay station.
ADAMS t CO.. Bay Station.
Phone Alameda 6052. » 1
Office open Sundays from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. i
i $11.000— CORNER, 185x110; make offer.
H60CO— Ccrner, 150x207; make OffJr.
S250C — Corner. 100x150; make offer.
$eCO — Lot 5CxlC8; near station.
Choice improved and unimproved property
for sale In AlamedA.
ELMER. E. JOHNSON. 1501 Park st j
HERE'S WHERE YOU GET VALUE.
Only $1000 for a modern cottage of 6 rooms.
In good location, with lot 50x203; alto chicken-
house and all conveniences.
;¦ /J. S. HANLY, 1310 Park st.
FOR 8AL.E.
Large line of choice residence property in all
parts of Alameda. Call and look over our list
of choice lots. IE, D. JUDD CO.,
...Uzl. Park- st. Alameda. "
FOR Bale— House. 6 rooms and bath; lot lOOx
208: windmill; good location; near train and
' electric t-ar; Alameda; reasonable. Box
S105, Call office. ... . : :
¦ *' ¦- ' !'¦- ' - '"'- ¦ "
ai. AarcPA , aooxB aitp bo a»p.
YOUNG woman can have partly ; furnished"
room and ly>anl cheap. 1015 Railroad ave..
Alameda.
CENTRAL ave./ 1541. Morton .station, narrow
gauge— Newly furnished sunny room, board, i
KKAL KST.Vrfci— CITY— KOR SALE.' I
1 , ._ILIJ--_.*__^_,J I.. Will! I i\ '
fc'HAtNWALD, BtCKBEE & Co!.
, Xxe> and xiv . liumg ouatry at, .
¦Milis building.
¦' /-'. • • - > '!:•'
,$10,000— Broadway, near Webster st. ; beautiful
marine vitW; lot .lixl-sz It.
¦ / -
4,10,000— Filbert st, near Hyde; fine marine
view; rcsiutr.ee 01 lo rooms and batn;
lot 4oxl37:u it.
• ,. • - --.. • • : '' v,
$43,000 — Powell-st. corner, near Bush; three"
frontages; lot 47:<ix6U teet; a rare in-
vestment; improvements, rooming-house
of 16 rooms. • , \ : *_. ¦
$ 2S.0OO— -Bush-st. fi*u. northwest corner of
Pierce; 3 new flats t>n corner and resi-
dence en Fierce st.; T and « rooms in
fiats; 8 rooms and bath in residence;
rents about $200 per month; lot 3uxlln>; ;
i • always rented. "•£¦•...
17,000— Broadway, nr. Devisadero; fine site for
resldtnce; lot 88:6 feet front; grand ma-
rine view; a bargain.
f22,BC0— Fifth st. near Folsom; new three-
story and basement building containing
siore and lodging-house j of 48 rooms ¦
above; 2 tenants; rent $1<5 per month;
guaranteed lease*;. lot 2uxluO leet; pays
over 0 per cent; extraordinary Invest-
ment ••
$7,5CO— Broadway, near Flllmore: fine lot, SOx i
137:G ft.; .unobstructed marine view; '
price reduced from $»o00. !
$9,750— McAllister at. three new flats of « i
rooms and bath each; lot 25xliw feet; ;
beautifully finished throughout; this is
a snap; pays 11 per cent.
$6,000— Devisadero, near Haight: residence, a
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
! $T,500— Howard st, near Eighth; 3 flats rent-
tag for $G4*5O per month; lot S5x£5 feet
; $7,500— Unlon-st corner, near. Devisadero;
-elegant marine view; lot B2:6xllO feet;
must be sold.
$11,000— Jackson-st residence of 11 rooms and
bath; modern in every way; lot 25x
127I8U feet.
$3,260 each— Filbert, near Scott: magnificent
marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 each and
corner 55x137:6 feet; 1-5 cash, balance
on easy, terms. . .
$17.000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison, 70x95 ft;
, fine site for factory* or warehouse pur-
POS*8. j . .
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. •
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB A CO " tJI i
218 and 220 Montgomery St.. Mills bid.
SPECK & CO.,
209 MONTGOMERY ST..
1 200 MONTGOMERY ST..
REAX. ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. ' Leasing.
Rents Collected. Insurance.
$55,000— Main transfer corner on ' Third st,
cloee to Howard; 65-feet frontare.
$50,000— Main transfer corner; Larkln st: R< :8
feet frontage; pays 6 per cent net under
old lease* at ridiculous rents.
$35,000— Choice wholesale property; heart of
coming section: 8000 square feet; two
frontages. ' , ¦•
$21,000— Corner, close to Polk and California
sts.. which, sold for $1000 per foot, pay-
ing 8 per cent; fine frontage.
$20.000— Business property on Main st: fine
improvements; rents pay 1 P*r cent net.
$15,000— Pine st; lot 42x137:6 feet; leased $125
i per month; pays 10 per cent,
i $11,000— -Hayes-st business section; 2 fronts:
fine improvements; rents $»48 per an-
num.
$8,500— Swell W. A. flats; rents $900 per year;
.fine lot.
18 000 — Close to Geary and Devtsadero; fine
section; 2 cosy flats; rents $SlOp«r an-
num, a .
$7,500— About the cost of building; 3 fine flats;
W. A.; rents $8«0 year. .
$5,CC0— Swell new building, close to Fourth
and Howard: safest section: Fourth st
to be widened; rents $370 per year;
$2250 bank mortgage at 6 per cent can
remain; pays 12 per cent net.
$3,000 — Lovely cottage home, close to Golden
Gate Park.
$a,500 — Nice improvements; «oed section;
rents $26 month. , - , ..
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS,
$35,000— Pacific Heights corner. NW., 137 :6x
12T:8- unsurpassed marine _ view. .
$S,O00— North side Broadway close to $500,-
000 improvements: 27:8x137:6 feet.
, «4 000— Market st, 25x100 feet, close to com-
; ing business section; a turn in this lot
i in fall.
SPECK &. CO..
200 Montgomery St., ' opp Mills building.
CALIFORNIA v.
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
! PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
' MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE ADOPTION OF TITLE INSURANCE
of late years by all banks, trust companies,
corporations and the general public demon-
strates that the system of these companies is
! an established and complete success.
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST
CO. requires an up^o-date title plant for
their own protection, and maintains a constant
watch over every transaction affecting the
• title to real estate. No money is spared to
i^THE ONLY C 8AN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
, SURANCE COMPANY havins: a compute lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
I constructed especially for insuring real «state
I titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cltlea: reasonable rates,
1 regular trust cotnoany business transacted
under State charter; all matters controlled and
in&nae*d by the following ¦
. IU " UIRECTOP.3 AND TRUSTEES: .
! WILLIAM ALVORD. ; -
President Bank of California.
I CHARLES R. BISHOP.
¦ ' ¦ Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE. -/.*>¦ . \. -f,
Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
- . President California Optical 'Co.
P. X. LIL1ENTHAL. .„„.,.-,
¦ Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY. „ ~
i - Olney & Olney, A^tys and Counselors.
! CHARLES PAGE.
. Page, McCutchen * Knight, Attys.
A. T. SPOTTS. - - ' „ i
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co. 1
JOHN R. SPIUNd. - *
- Capitalist, 53P . California St.
' ¦ R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
J14 MONTGOMERY ST. 114
CORNER BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$18.500— On car line; store and flats; 32 feet
frontage; rented for $135.
OVER"'l PER CENT NEW IMPROVEMENTS,
SOUTH OF MARKET. "
$C>,000 — Three flats; 5 rooms and bath; splen-
didly btillt: rent $&i: a bargain.
. . CLAY-BT. RESIDENCE.
$?, SCO— North side; handsome residence; 8
rooms and porcelain bath, hardwood
.floors, etc.; owner leaving State; offtr
- ; might b* considered. "¦'.¦
PAYING INCOME PROPERTY. :
$19,000 — Actual rents $2220 yearly; 6 new, mod-
. ern 5-room flats; north side of town.
., PANHANDLE RESIDENCE. :
$7,500— -Page Et; handsome S-room house in
perfect 'condition; finished basement;
large, rarden: key lot. ' ¦ :. ... --..;
ON. FE.LL-8T. BOULEVARD.
$8,230 — 10 tooran and bath; lot 25x1.17:0; beau-
tiful outlook; near Pofce and Ashbury. .
A CORNER PICK-UP.
$5,000— To dose an estate; 36x100:3; streets,
bltumlnised; this Is an unusual offering.
FLATS, - ¦¦' . - .
WESTERN ADDITION, PAYING .12 PER
CENT.
$16,000 — Elegant sunny 4-room flats; well built
and beautifully finished.
COZY COTTAGE FOR $3500. ----- ;,. 1
$3.5C0 — Ashbury Heights; 0 rooms and. bath;
on a pretty, street , „ -
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY." V-
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 CaUaf han bid.,
'. will build' on your property cr buy you a lot;
- $S a, 'month pays principal and interest 'on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments - lew than rent; send, for circular.
$4000— FOR sale, new, modern 8-roora cottage
: on California . st., near Sixth • ave. ;'. easy
terma; must be sold; open Sundays. -
THREE elegant hew, -' modern, ••-up-to-date
flats for pale on SK. cor. 18th and Diamond
sts. - D. CONDON, builder, cm premises. -, •
$1400— COTTAGE 6 rooms; extra lot; must sell
?at once; $300 cash, balance $12 per month;
'.- this la certainly a *nap. 3318 Mission '¦ et /
COTTAGE '¦¦"¦¦ with 5; all"?; modern,*-lmpfoyeme"nts-
. terms same • as . rent/ « Apply owner_ lumber
[yard, cor. Army and Condon Bts. ¦ ;-
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of'bulld-
. 'Ings and part tot' Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-S Crocker building. , , ; V Vt ¦
ALL work guaranteed . first class by AHL-
¦ BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
¦ terms. to suit purchasers; large lots onFred-
eriek. w«et of Willard. Sam Glass, builder.
- on premises.- - - , - -
•• 1-: * 1. kkta Ti3 — err v*— fob *¦**'£;
EASTON, ELDR1DGE & qO.,
<WS MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. -*"..
AUCTION. . " "
TUESDAY .JULY 12, 1004.
- At Our Ealct ro iiii3. at 12 o'clock Noon. ,
ASHBUUY HEIGHTS FLATS.
Nos. -li;0-."JS-4O WlLard'tt, north of Carl;
key lot, 23xlto feet; U eltgant new flats cf
i-U-G roomrf and porcilaln bath eacli; finished
with beam celling, patent combination electrio
* and gas fixtures; rent $30 per month; mort-
gage of $5C00 can remain.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
HE. corner of Noe and Ford s«G. ; lot 2Sxll0
feet; improvements consist of a residence • of
11 rooms and bath; large stable and barn;
large yard in connection; now being used as |
a coal and wood yard; rent $70 per month. |
COTTAGE INVESTMENT.
No. 110 Caselll ave., olt Douglass st;, bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth; lot 25x104:5 feet;
improvements consist of a 4-room cottage, sta-
tionary wash trays, patent flush toilet, brick
foundation: mortgage $7U0. .- .
M ST. AND 13TH AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of M St.," -- 82'. feet east of
Thirteenth ave. 2ExlC0 feet each. v
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 31S Eureka st. south of Twentieth ;• lot
25xr.J<i feet; cottage of- 6 rooms and bath; new ;
r-lumBing; porcelain roll top tubs; patent flush ]
toilet; basement planked ; rented for $20 . per 1
month; beautiful garden - ' i
RINGOLD ST. , INVESTMENT.
No. 30 Rlngold tt. east of Ninth, and be-
tween Harrison and Folsom; 25x75 feet; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; 7 foot driveway for wag-
on; plumbing in good order; basement 9 feet
high: rent $15 per month; mortgage $1000 at
tJ per cent. . '
JONES-ST. CORNER.
NE. corner of Jones and Greenwich sts.: ex-
tremely large lot. 7«:«7l feet; Nos. 2202-W-
CU-CS; Improvements, 4 well-built C-atory base-
ment houses of 10 room? and bath each; rent
low at $118 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. '37o5-37-8a Sacramento St., west of
Spruce; lot 27:6xia2:7V» feet; Improvements
consist of 4 desirable fiats of 4-4-5-5 rooms;
modern plumbing; porcelain bath; flush toilets;
nickel-plated trimmings; modern in every re-
fpect; excellent surroundings; rent $72 per
month; mortgage of $W)o0 can remain; title j
guaranteed; sidewalk, patent concrete, streets
bltuminlzcd ; newly built,
INVESTMENT FLATS.
Nos. 760-ti2,-64 Sixth ave.. north of D St.;
lot 27x120 feV>t; improvements consist of a 3-
utory building containing four separate flats ]
of 4-4-7-S room* and bath; rents $76 per
mer.th; mortgage o f $4000 can remain.
FOI.SOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
¦No. SIS Folsom st . through to Clementina
st.; No. 343 lot 32:11x100 feet; improvements
<nomlnal: rents $30. . ;•
PACIFIC HEIGHTS COTTAGE.
1906 Greenwich et.. near Laguna; handsome
IVi -story cottage of 5 rooms and porcelain
bath; modern plumbing. I
EASTON. ELDRIDGB & CO.,
63d Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE « CO^ MARgg ~
$30.000— Howard et.. near Sixth; 63 feet j
frontage; stores and lodging-houses; rent $20tf
per month
$14,00(h-Rent $125; improvements. 3-story
building 2 flats of 8-0 ; rooms and 4 n«w
stores; 77 foot frontage! Gough St.. near
McAllister.
$12,500—3 flats on McAllister et. near La-
guna; lot 27:6x120 feet; cottage on rear street;
rents $112 50. _£'„, .
$S600— 2 modern flats of 6-T rooms; EUia St.,
near Laguna; rent $62 50; very low.
$5500— Elegant residence. 7 rooms and por-
celain bath; large basement, furnace, hard-
wood floors stationary tubs, etc.: lot 124 fo«t
frontage on Stanyan et. near Belgrave ave.;
mortgage of $t>30O can remain: this is a per-
fect beauty; beautifully situated,
$«X>0— Fell st, near Franklin; 27:6x120 feet;
3-Ftory house; 2 cottages on rear street.-
»$0oo— ;i new fists. 0 rooms and bath: elec-
tric lights: porcelain tubs, etc.; rents $.2 00;
1 7500— Folsom st. through to Clementina:
160 feet depth; Improvements old; rent *3O.
positively the cheapest piece on the street. .
$6250— Elegant 2-story high, cement base-
ment residue 10 rooms and bath; rented as 3
flats, $60 per month; Broderick st.
$6000— Clay st.. near Devisadero: 2-story
basement residence, containing 7 rooms and
bath: rent $40. _,,.,_ » «..-
$525O— Clementina et.. n«ar Fifth; 3 flats
of 5-6-C rooms; rent $50; could easily be in-
Cr $300<V-LIberty et., 2 cottages; positive har-
ea $?»00— Cottage In the Mission; 4 rooms and
bath- large basement; stationary wash trays
patent flu B h toilets, brick foundation: rented
IN BUILDING LOTS.
$7500— XW. corner of Bush St., not far from
Buchanan: 55 foot frontage.
$1400— Preclta ave., near Folsom st
$:$50 each— 2 lots on 21st ave.. near A st
S1CO each — 2 lots on M Rt.. near loth ave.
S30U eacn - A «>™ )N EL>D RIDC.E & CO..
638 Market st. ,
LYON * HOAG, MOyTG^ MERY STt
Send for our printed list of property for. sal*
in g SgTin^nsIde- property.
•S27 5C0— A fine lot on Turk et; old Improve-
ments; :;7:6xl37:6. We can get a tenant for a
$2500— Rent $348; near tith and Folsom; «.-
«tory building; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each; 2
rear flats 2 rooms each: key lot, 25x<5.
rear nai.. HQME NEAR TO WN.
* $3000 A good, substantial house of 6 rooms
and bath, in eocd condition; street paved: thla
is a cozy home «n Broadway, inside of Hyde.
BIG INTEREST— FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$21,500— Rents nearly $2C0; half block, from
Market st ; substantial improvements, consist-
ing of 6tor*s and flats: always rented; this Is
unquestionably a bargain and one that, will be
taken at once: It will pay you to be quick. -
FINE MISSION FLATS.
JC500— Rents $696; 3 good, substantial flats,
4-4-5 rooms and bath; large lot;, over 30 feet
frontage, assuring abundance of sun and light;
near Thirte?nth and Howard sts.
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
j 10 CHi0— Rent over $1000; brand new build-
ing; 3 handsome flats, fl rooms and bath each;
finished in latest style with every modern
convenience: north of and close to Market st;
large lot: accepted street; splendid sun and
lieht- price reduced to make quick sole; owner
rnupt' have money; best investment on our
1 BARGAIN— MISSION BUSINES8 PROPERTY.
$12 5C0— Rents $1284; old improvements, re-
cently remodeled and put in first-class shape;
lot over 55 feet frontage; near Twenty- second
st • this is the biggest bargain on Mission st,
where property is bound to increase in value;
** qaU GOING FAST!'. GOING FAST!!
$350 to $000— Easy terms; block between 34th
and 3.">th aves. Point Lobos and Clement; ready
to build on; Sutro cars pass block;, get busy;
delays are danfrerous.
LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery .gt
GREAT BIG LOTS.
Near the station In Mill. Why buy a small
lot In a poor neighborhood vrberi you can
secure a fine large lot same- distance from
your work surrounded by desirable neigh-
bors eplendld climate, fine water, schools
etc ? Call or write for illustrated booklet,
prices, etc. LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
B. GETZ, Room 22, Chronicle Bldf,
Owner and Dealer.
New Blcck! Richmond Drstrlct! New Block?
'21&t ave., bet. Clement and Point Lobos.
' 'J Builders. Attention! tt
21st ave.— Graced. Sewered, Gas and Water.
Lots graded and level to build homes on.
Bargains!!'. See them at once. Very easy terms.
$350 to $1200 — Sunset Heights . Lets— $5 up mo.
$250 to $.5<iO — North of the Park Lots.
Opposite Epreekcls Lake and New Speed Track.
$350 to $500-^10th-ave. boulevard lots— $5 mo.
$60 to $050 — Ocean Heights and Oceanslde Level
Lots. Splendid view; $5 monthly payments.
$150 up— Excelsior Homestead Level Lots. -
City Water— Fine Car Service— $5 monthly.
$75 to $100— Ocean View Lots, feVel to build on.
.- y/ City water— Your own terms— See them,
$1000 to J5000— Cottages and houses— Monthly
... payments. • " j
Call at my office. Room 22. Second floor.
Chronicle Building.
$1 25 PER week: no Interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
. ing to do: ready to build 'your little horn*
en;' close to electric cars and. school. '
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 6.
- - r ' ' k . . %
$2750 — BIG snap; downtown, bay-window cot-
tage," 5 rooms and bath; > Broadway, nr. Tay-
lor, st: fine -marine view; built only a few
years; 10 minutes' '. walk " to center of: town:
no car fare; rent-low at $20;; nets 8 per cent
on price; this. Is positively 1 the biggest bar-
Rain in town: no agents.'" Address Owner,
box 2C34. Call Office. , '.
$2700— BE AUTIFUL 5-room and bath cottage ;
1 brand' new; basementtll feet; , can .be, ar-
j ranged for .flats. Harrison, bet. 20th-Army.
WE 'have some special bargains In 'city; prop-
. erty; also homes on easy terms in Berkeley
' and . Alameda: call or send for what . you
want. . ROTHERMEL ; & CO., 507 California.
COLONIAL houses containing : 2 flats 'of' 8
rooms, b^th each; close to, park: JC500; ea&y
payments. ,B st, and Fourth ave. ¦;.
t S«m— SACRIFICE •7lot~5"xl05r~Noe 'St.' Bos
¦ S157. Call office. r ¦/• - *•
rtEAI. KSTATK-— «*rrV*—KOK . «»f.K
X -' *". B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGEXT. '*'L'
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
i $10.500— Near California and Broderick *ts.;
ft substantial flats: 3 In front of 5. 6 and 6
rooms and bath, and 2 in rear of 4 rooms each;
brick foundation; rented very low at $71; wtth
«n expenditure o f $1000 rents guaranteed $100;
lot 27:6x137:0.
$11,000 — Offer wanted; subject to confirma-
tion of Probate Court; Fell st. Inside of Flll-
rnore; 2 substantial 2-story houses of 8 rooms
and bath each; good cottage of 5 rooms In
-car; rented low at $S0; lot 30x120 to a rear
street. . • x
$40.000 — Prominent In the. Western
Addition; 4 stores anff S flats, producing $1000
per annum : lot 50x100. *
$21,0CC— Corner Inside of Lsrkin St.. north
part of the city; store and flats; rents $1C1
per month.
,$15.C0O — Rents $1800 per annum guaranteed ;
6 new flats inside of Larkln st.
$6150— Corner on Leavenworth st. ; store and I
flat above; rents $52 60 per.- month. |
$10.000— Close to Hyde and Vallejo sts.; H
new substantial flats; rents $52 50 per month;
lot 25x137:6.
$14,000— Close to Sutter and Webster sts.; 3
handsome new flats; rents $120 per month.
$12»0CO — Close to Haight and Steiner sts. ; 3
new modern flats; rents $100 ptr month.- 1
$2850 — Near Height and Ashbury sts.; nice i
cottage. « rooms and bath: easy terms.
$2S50 — Ij'ear Kaight and Baker, sts. ; nice cot- j
tage, 4 rooms and bath; easy terms,
$1750 — Xear Harrieon and Fifth sts.; 3 good
flats; rents $15; lot 23x112:6; cheap.
$7500 — Rents $$40 per annum: 3 new sub-
stantial flats; near Valencia and 14th sts.
$0700— Near Duboce Park; 3 new flats; rents ;
$GSO per annum. . . .
$5000— Rents $600 per annum: near Guerrero |
and Army sts. ; 2 good flats and cottage of t>
rooms. • i
$5250— Howard st. near 21*t: 3-story resi-
dence. 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x123. .
F. B. SURRYHNE. 138 Montgomery st.
COZY HOME AT A BARGAIN.
$4750 — 7 rooms and bath, A 1 condition; west-
ern Addition; lot worth $2750; owner leaving
city. i
' R. p. CRANSTON A SONS,
114 Montgomery st.
$11,500 — THREE new modern ¦ 6-room flats;
rent $12*3u per annum;- Frederick st. bet.
Ashbury ard Clayton. Apply J. H. KRUSE,
Twenty-third and Shotwell rta. '¦
. H K A I. t^STATi:— Country— For =*«*>*• j
WHITE & BAYLBY, . \
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
'59 per acre — 36C6 acres.. comprising the finest.
stock ranch In Humboldt County; finest ranch-
house In the county; 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large barns; all under the best of
fence and crossfenced: good supply of timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune; several
thousand sheep, 1C0 h«ad of cattle at market
price; 20OO acres more land If desired.
$2tsOO — Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; 200
acres; 20 acres under cultivation; balance tim-
bered pasture; 4-room house; large barn; run-
nlns water.
$U250— In town of Petaluma; 2!4 acres; mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry houses, brood- j
ers; 2 wagons, harness, hone. Jersey, cow;
450 hens; all In fruit; 20,000-gallon reservoir;
photos at of flee. • -
$6500— On Marsh Creek, near Llvermore; 680
acres; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, large barn; wagon thed, poultry
houses; water piped to buildings.
$1400— 8 acres; 2H miles of Sebastopol ; 4
acres berries, 1 acre orchard, balance crops;
4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; fur-
niture; part cash.
. $3500 — Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
en, machinery; water power; capacity 10,000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half cash or lumber at market price.
. FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT. > ¦
$4500 — 2 miles from Santa Rosa; 41 acres
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house, 2 barns,
poultry house*; 2 acres assorted fruits.
N $1500— Near Sonoma City; *V» acres; .fa™' 1 *
orchard; new house, barn, poultry houses; over
200 chickens.
$2700— Lake County, 3 miles of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced; 40 under
i cultivation; 20 acres alfalfa land; small vlne-
! yard; 2 .acres orchard; o-room house, barn,
j windmill and tank. -
$1100— 4 acreg fine land near Hay wards; 3-
: room house; Junction 2 roads; great place for
roadhouse. • •
$2500 — Fine summer resort in Eonoma Co.:
stage station and P. O. on place: 141 acres
controlling 1000 acres range; 3 acres "beating
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnisfared; bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming implements; see this quick.' 1
$2500— In Sonoma Co.. near boat and cars;
I 162 acres; some orchard and vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden, berries; 6-room bouse;
all furnished; 2 horses, spring and road wagons,
harness, tools, cow. poultry; $200 job if de-
sired.
ALFALFA LANDS.
¦ $100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; 5 acres
up; '/i cash.
$50 per'acre^ — 3 miles of Modesto: 20 acres
up; '.« cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodi, on the Woodbridge
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$20 per acre— Rich, river bottom land; all
ditched for Irrigation; Placer Co., one mile of
town and railroad.
$17 per acre — Finest stock ranch in Placer
Co.; lt&O acres; at railroad station: 500 acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed; carry '400 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming implements, 00 cattle, 12
horses; part cash.
$4500 — 30 acres. 1% miles of town. Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
I nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine in-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$S5O— 8 miles of Geyserville; 2ft acres; 6-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolltnsr,
all In vineyard; oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$C5tfO — 106 acres; 5 miles from San Jose; 14
acres level hay land; 7 acres full bearing
prunes; 7-room house, bath, well, windmill
j and tank.
' $3750— Sonoma Co., one mile of fine town; 10
acres all In peaches and prunes, with fine
crop of corn between rows; modern cottage, 6 :
rooms and, bath, well, windmill and tank;
Russian Riyer bottom: the real thins.
$lO.OOO-30n Alum Ifock ave., 3 miles of San
Jose; 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots; ;
drying plant; nice 5-room cottage, grounds,
stables; electric cars pass door; income $20U0;
would take clear bay property In exchange.
$1500— Half-mile live town, Sonoma Co.; 4
acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nice shade trees, house and barn; great poultry
farm; ee»y terms.
$2750—100 acres fine foothill land in Contra
Costa Co., near Clayton; 80 acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room , house, good barn;
water piped to buildings; family orchard; part
cash. * ' .
..Send stamp for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast
WHITE & BAYLfiY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
20 Montgomery st, room 8.
Property Exchange* a Specialty.
STOCK RANCHES^SPECIALTT.
California Nevada, . Arizona, Mexico stock
ranches for thMr value for grazing — vast tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for Umber, ag-
riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. We have,
many tracts -where frost never occurs. We
have many Valuable pasture lands where grass
cattle are fat In April, when beef commands
the hichest price..
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent net on cost for five or ten years' lease.
We have residences up to date, in the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We havs many beautiful orchard homes in
j the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City- of California. Good dairy and- alfalfa,
ranches. v- " i\ : v\
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10,000 head of cattle < for only $50,000.
CHARLES W. COE & CO., !
i '¦'--: -Real Estate, Cattle and Loan3,
7$ 71) Auzerats bldg., San Joee, Cal.
' ' (¦ .
THINK OF IT. '"
I 4-acre ranch; all level bottom land; some
¦ fruit trees; all watered and fenced and on,
county road; nice house of 5 rooms; large
barn suitable for chicken or . watermelon
ranch; only 1 hour from Berkeley; if sold at
once only $060.
-J. 8. HANLEY, 1310 Park st. Alameda.
A COUNTRY home, situated In Sonoma Co. ;
fine location for raising poultry, being close j
;to markets; consisting of . 10 acres of choice
improved . land, ; 8 acres In orchard, ' mostly
*¦ winter apples; good, house; big barn, brooder-
and chicken houses and all , necessary farm
Implement."". For further Information inquire
Fat -235 Eighth st.V-.3d floor, San Francisco. |
¦ ¦ * __ — _ — _ - - ~ ""~~™ """ *~ ™* '
FOR poultry, fruit or grain ranch; write for
catalogue. R. P. QUINN, 25 Chronicle bid?.,
or«WatsonvUIe, Cal. , "
COLMA residence property— For sale. Ianje
lots, cheap; good car service; new 4-room
.cottage: desirable spot *. lot loo feet square;
cood well water; • ?12O0. Inquire R. H.
THORNTON,- Hearst building, room 416.
FOR farm, timber, grazing and alfalfa land.*,
orchards and; vineyards and stock ranches,
call ou or s?nd for catalogue, ROTHERMEL
*:& CO.. 507 California st.
'ALFALFA lands,**', stock • ranches, orchards.
vineyards;- inspected bargains; monthly cat&-
. loeues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., »4S
Market *t
BEKKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BEKKKXiBV KE.U .ESTATE.
riOMB OP OUR INVESTMENTS.
$7300 — Two new njejern up-to-date homes la
North Berkeley, east ol bhaituck ave.; Iot3 are
large; houses have 7 roorr.s each and ail mod-
ern conveniences: property now rented to Al
tetanu; n«t income »t.» 5o a monta.
$3250— Two comfortabre couagea on * corner
lot, clo^e in; now rent-d for $J- 50 net per
month.
$9wj<>— A. splendid home en the south side of
th* college grjunds; now rented for $S4.per
month net.
$4000— A nobby new home In the- Scenic
Park; must be s>een to be appreciated; 7 large
rooms and all modern conveniences; now rented
for $J5 per month net.
$14,uC*>— Busjiess property in center of
Berkeley; size BOxUJO; now rent»d for $H'-> P«r
1 mor.th and will brins more.
$40,000 — The solendia new blocks of "The
Carlsen" property, at South Berkeley. The>
property is situated on the main avenue and
opposite ths South Berkeley l;an». There ans
sevtral buildings. Two of them ar<? new and
modern in every respect. Property is well
rented and after rxp'.ration or present leases
will bring in $130 per month mure. Call and
ic\ estimate.
Some bargains In lota — I J30; a few fine Iota
left in the Tuohy Tract. North Berkeley. Kacii
lot 5Oxl3T»; each lot commands a flne view of
the bay and city; eac.1 lot can b« bought 00
easy terms; each lot for sale exclusively by us.
$145o— See that fine lot in the Wheeler Tract;
street work done; lot' has lrontage on two
streets. We are sole agents. Can arrange*
terms if desired.
$1S(CO — t?es that splendid lot in the Berry
Bangs Tract; a northwest corner, 60x110; a
snap. ~
$5C0— Only lot left In the "Highlands" at
this flsure; a "pick-^p." .„-_,,-
$1500— Buy this and make money; 1-0x135;
southwest corner UcOee and Stuart: street
work done on Stuart st. Tr.i.* 13 a snap.
W. J. MORTIMER. & CO.,
2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
.Main Entrant to V. C ' ; .~'*.V
NEVv" 5-room bay-window cottage, porcelain
bath, large pantry, tiled sink, folding doors,
pretty mantel, tinted wails, gas and electrio
lifcht flxtures; street work done: concrete
walks around house; large lot:. 2 blocks) to
R. K. btation: 2 blocks to school, church
and stores; price C225U; terms $500 cash.
balance ?2»> monthly: open Sunday*. O. A.
IlL'DOLPH, Lnrln station, South Berkeley.
CIO barsaJn — House, - 5 rooms, bath, pantry.
brick foundation, windmill and t&nSc chick-
I en-houses, stable, fruit troes, large flower
garden; lot 75x130; street work done; good
location for residence; price $3250; terms
1 (100O cash; balance same as rent O. A.
RUDOLPH. Open Sundays. Lorla station.
South Berkeley.
HERE'S your chance — 5-room cottage, bath,
pantry: city vrawr: also well water; wind-
mill- and tank: chicken- houses, fruit trees.
flower garden; lot 5oxl35; street work don«:
concrete walks aruund houss; 3 blocks to
station, both ferries, school, church, electrto
cars and store*: price $2250; terms $500
cash, balance ?20 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. «>p««n Sundays. Lorin station.
South Berkeley.
A FINE map of Berkeley, with street direc-
tory, showing location of the university
1 buildings, new street car lines, local ferry
stations, sch<v>!houses, etc., has Just been
published fcy \V. R. ElHs & Co.. th» active
real estate firm. A free copy mailed to you
for the asking.
Berkeley made seventeen miles of new
I streets the last year. It ia the best plac* for
a home in California because the best people
are ccmlng h?re. Netted against the hills
and overlooktns- the bay, the view is an in-
spiration at a!! 3«asons. No saloons! No rr.a.-
! larla!
• Writn for a map and t*ll us what you are
, looking for. We do not build houses, but we
I can Qnrl - you the best property and the most
1 for your money. In behalf of numerous cllenw
' who exclusively place their property In our
hard3 to sell, we earnestly Invite you to write
to us or can on in if you are thinking or tn-
¦veFting in Berk-!ey property. Farming prop-
j erty considered in exchange.
¦ Houses to rent ir. »v«-rv part of town.
I - "W. R. ELMS & CO..
; 21.V> Shattuck ave..
Phone North 02.
1 HERE is what you are looking for; a srnatl
lot. close In tr> U. C. and "Key" for a little
money; one 40x70 for $475 and one 55xT»
; for f775.
J1.-.73 — i rooms: nice modern cottage; near
cars; easy terms.
$1875—5 rooms; nice ccadition; good lot; near
U. C. and "Key."
52100— Lot 00x135; fine location; east of Ful-
ton, north of Dwight.
*2S50 — 8 rooms and attic; modern; good lot;
nice grounds.
'$3200 — 7 rooms; new; sunny; nice outlook; flns
location: near station.
I $4500 — 9 rooms; new; nice: fine location; east
of Fulton, north of Dwlght
$4500 — 8 rooms: new; model plan; sunny:
beautiful views: choice location; near
Berryman.
$5000 — 8 rooms; new; attractive? exceptionally
well built; choice location; one of our
best.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2128 Center st.
$1500 — GOOD 5-rooro. house, plastered; toilet,
bath, line windmill; larg* lot; berries. sjid
vegetables: street work complete; 1 block
from cars.
$2250 — Large 9-room house. 2 stories and base-
ment; upper floor rents for $14 per month;
street work complete; on main street; lot
25x100; 1 block from Key Route and S. P.
station; street cars pass the door; grand
paying investment; house Insured for
$1500. .
$2750 — Beautiful new 6-room cottage: high,
basement; gas and electricity; lot 00x133;
street work complete; handy to Key route;
fine location; $5CO cash, $23 per month
buys this.
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station: phone Stuart 709
OPEN SCNDATS FROM 12 TO 2.
JOS. J. MASON. ~
A fine 88-ft. lot; 2 blocks from Collets- avs.
car line; $12CO.
Swiss chalet in Berry-Bangs Tract;.a beauty:
$7000.
New house on Grove, near Ashby; $3300.
100 ft. facing south on Forest ave., $17 SO
per ft
Fine business lot on Shattuck avt. ; 50 ft.
front; cheap.
Pretty bungalow; new and attractive $3900.
Fine house cf 7 rooms: new and complete; ca
a corner; near Key Route; $!C00.
Fine corner on beautiful Clarement art.;
one block from car line : 165x280; only $2000.
JOS. J. MASOX.
SE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st, Berkeley.
BERKELEY PROPERTY FOR SALS AXX>
FOR BENT.
4 lots; 200 ft. from Telegraph are.; — .ty
$25 Der front foot.
Rooming-house near station; a way u> la-
vestment; see it at once.
One lot, 98x103. in Keisey's cherry ersiurl;
best lot in Berkeley and so cheap.
New 6-rootn house on corner in South Berks-
ley; convenient to cars: grounds la good order
and an Ideal home; $3750; terms easy.
To let for one year; an elegantly furnished
S-room house 1? North Berkeley; gaa and coal
range: electric and *as light; $30 per month.
A beautiful lot on Russell st. sear Talesrapa
ave.; street work all done; $1000.
PHILO MILLS. 2173 Shattoek.
$1250 — COTTAGE. 5 rooms; patent toilet; city
water: lot 5Oxl(HX $23O cash, balance eas?
installments. -
$1S5O— Modem cottage; 5 rooms; bath: etc.;
street work dene; four minutes from AsSby;
$5<X> cash: easy term*
52250— New cottage; 5 rooms; hall; bath:
etc.: paneled dlnlng-rocm; high basement; lot
04x1.15: near station; easy terms.
$250<v-New 1%-story house: S rooms: bath,
and all modern Improvements; lot 35x130; ail
street work dene: four minutes to Dwlght way
station; $600 cash.
H. D. IRTVTN, Lorln Station,
Open Sundays. Berkeley.
FOR sale — New and nearly new houses from
$1SOO to $.20,000; lots from $25O to $7000; w*
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from
Dwight-way station, size 40x130. (or $700-
wlll build you a house to suit on a payment
AX $50O down, balance monthly; betore bay-
lAe. five us a caU and let us show yoa our
extensive list F. H. LAWTON & CO 2147
Center at '
TWO S-ROOM HOUSES ANT> ONE 5-ROOM
JUST FINISHING: STREET WORK COM-
PLETE: IF YOU WANT A BAROATX GO
AND SEE THEM; OFFICE ON TRACT
PARKER AND GRANT STS.. 3 BLOCKS
WEST FROM DWIOHT WAY STATION
CHENEY & BERRY. POSTOFFICE
BLOCK. BERKELEY STATION.
S3C00— GOOD 2-story house. 6 rooms: modern
conveniences; lot 40x133; street work com-
plete: $750 cash, balance $25 per month. In-
cluding principal and Interest at 8 per cent*
one block and a half from car; 5 minutes'
walk from station; situated at 2230 Ward"
st, near college and schools
MORAN & 8WAI»,
3131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
SHOO— 3-HOOM cottage; hatf cash. . ~ "
$1 t50r-3-roonv cottasc bath; $itx> cash, $18 par
month.
$1600— 4-room cotta«e. barn, chicken-nous- •
etc.; $300 cash. *12^p*r month.
MURDOCK^fe CO..
Open Sundays. Lorln station. S'-wath Berkeley -
$5500 — New and modern 0-r. house wtth attic-
sunny corner; North Berkeley; choice 1*1
cation: near electric and steam cars; pries
reduced fmm t«CC(>-to make Quick aale-
surely a great bargain. '
M ' P ' Jik LBr: B. .REAL ESTATE.
2139 Center st. Berkeley.
MORAN A SWAIN.
Real Estate and Insurance
2131 Shattuck aw..
' <->Pp. Berkeley station.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 3,7 1904.
39
rooms '• yon aocraicEEPixo^^ |
BROADTt_Yr~1132— Two stinny furnished '
rooms, front parlor and kitchen, new; bath
and - raa. : gas stove and coal ' stove, (14.
BRYANT. «42H— Furnished or unfurnished
¦ rooms to let for housekeeping.
BUCHANAN, 1510— Sunny front furnished
housekeeping rooms. ¦
BUSH. 2120— Two furniehed room* complete tor | ¦
house— :eptng. - ; j
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Housekeeping and other.
, rooms; also single rooms for gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA. 13O4 — Sunny front bay-window
I room and kitchen; connecting; reas. ;no chdn.
CALIFORNIA. 3026— Nicely furnished rooms; ,
housekeeping or - otherwise- It desired; ns •
other roomers. J
I CHURCH. 126. near Market — A floor of 3 sun- j
ny unfurnished rooms; regular kitchen. ' '
CLAY. 1420. near LeavenworUi — 1 large aunny I
rm. well furn. complete housekeeping, water.
CLAY, 1633, corner Polk— 2 furnished rooma, •
with kitchen. >-,"'
EDDY. 443 — Three nicely fur. housekeeping
rooms; . yard: - gas and coal stovea-X
EDDY. S06 — Large room, nicely furnished for ,
light housekeeping; running water. . ..¦„ ¦>?. . »•,
EDDY, 5^6— Large room, nicely furnished for
light housekf epiag : running water. \ .
EDDY, 323—2 or 4 furnished rooma for house-
keeptns. •^¦.\ : '- .."¦-• 'r r^- r l- ¦
EIGHTEENTH 5MC2. near Valencia— 2 cheer-
fully furnished roonss, with or without
honsekeeplnr. K'-ffj
ELEVENTH, 115%— Nice sunny room for
housekeeping. ¦*vl^--j
ELEVENTH, 124A — 2 sunny fur. housakeep.;
front parlors; gas stove; bath; $3 50 week.
ELLIS, 595— Sunny housekeeping . rooms. $12;
. also single rooms, $6 and $7. -
ELLIS 773 — Part of a' newly furnished mod-
ern flat cheap; gas range, bath, phone.
ELLIS,' 1178 — Stinny front- alcove and kitchen,
bath, phone, etc. ; rent $20; no children.
. ELLIS, 1178 — Sunny front alcove and kitchen;
.gas range, bath, phone; no children.
ELLIS 1225 — Handsomely furnished suits, with
kitchen; also nice single room; very reas.
FILBERT, 1219 — 2 unfurnished rooms; refer-
ences; "half block Hyde- st. cars; 910.
FIRUT, 228, near Howard— 5 aunny rooma for
housekeeping; business location: rent moder-
ate^ '
FOLSOM, 937 — 3 very sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping: large yard. <;".".
FULTON. 1376— Sunny front room; nicely fur-
nished; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 1806— Unfurnished doubU parlor;
housekeeping; sun all day. .] ¦; ¦"-
GOLDEN GATE ave., 313— Nicely furnished
room for light housekeeping. io : ; ,.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1200— Lower floor: sun-
ny front suite with kitchen; running water;
gas range. . ¦
HAIGHT. 8—2 rooms furnished light hous«-
¦ keeping.
HAIGHT. 48 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
connecting; bath; running water; $12.
HAIGHT. -18 — Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences^
HAIOHT, 222— 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms for couple; phone; reference. Call
1-4. 7-8 p. m. _,
HAIGHT. 234, cor. Buchanan— Two sunny
¦ suite* of 2 and 3 rooms; furnished house-
. keeping rooms. ___^
j HAIGHT. 322—2 newly furnished largre sunny
1 front rooms for housekeeping; rent $1S.
• HARRISON, 74S-r$lO to $12 suites, completely
furnished; ;as stoves: laundry; quiet home.
HOWARD. 710% — Sunny housekeeping: rooms;
adults: rerpectable; no transients.
HOWARD, 1C54 — Nice sunny front and back
parlor; also housekeeping rooms.
" JACKSON, 1220, near Jones^ — 2 or 3 nicely fur-
¦ nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
i JESSIE^ 333 — Large sunny front parlor; fur-
nrshed; gas range; $3 50 week: other rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1540 Pine—
- Sunny, furnished 3-room snites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
'• LAGUNA. 1027, opp. Jefferson square — Three
\ sunny- housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
'¦ LARKIN.100T. cor. Post— The Cragburn, H. Bur-
! HnMme.prop.; rms..slngle A fakpg. apartments.
MARKET. 2008— Two large, sunny, well fur-
nished front rooms for housekeeping; $1S.
MCALLISTER. 80--Large stinny double worn
for light housekeeping.
MISSION. 1430—2 large «unny furnished house,
keeping rooms; gas range, bath, phone.
MISSION. 1433 — Cne sunny housekeeping room;
gas and running water.
i MISSION. 1754 — Bunny front suite, complete
for housekeeping; private bath; gas range;
I— __=_: ~
1 MISSION, 1903 — 3 housekeeping rooms, with
; gas and running water and telephone; no
j objection to small child.
! NATOMA, 229 — 2 fine furnished housekeeping
j rooms. $10; all to yourself; call all week.
'OAK 117, KS McAllister— Rooms, complete;
I $5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA, 51— Regular kitchen, bedroom and
parlor; new up-to-date flat; adults; refs.
— t
O'FARltELL. 331— Nice sunny furnished
room.
O'FARRELL! Ml— Nice' sunny furnished
rooms. •
I O'FARRELL 7S0— Sunny furnished front an3
j back parlor, complete for housekeeping; reas.
O'FARRELL. 1712 — 1 sunny rooms, furnished
• cvniplete; gs» range, phone, etc. ;$20.
I PAGE. 273 — Two or three furnished ho«*«-
! keeping rooms.
: PEARL. .'V corner Market— 2 furnished houst-
i keeping rooms. $14: phon*: no children.
1 PINE. 271T — Thr*c or fonr unfurnished rooms I
! for light houeekeeplng. .
PINE. 2T17— Three or four unfurnished rooms
ror light housekeeping.
POST. 217, near Grant ave — Sunny room; run-
r.ins water: also suite for housekeeping.
HUStf, 176. between 'Sixth and Seventh — F>ont
and back parlor; teal grate; gas stove; bath.
1 ECOTT. 300, NE. cor. . Page. % near Halght-st.
j eass— Two newly furnished, sunny, connect-
j Ing rooms: bath, gas rangi. dishes.
• SECOND, 212 — Housekeeping rooms; nicely lo-
! catsdi no children: aUo single rooms; reas.
i SECOND. 434 — 2 -nice rooms for housekeeping;
t large yard.
fcF.VENTH. 154—^unny front ralte housekeep-
ing rooms: $4 50: upper flat. :
' sTlOTWELL. 121, near Sixteenth— 3 aunny fur-
nlirhed housekeeping roome; rent , $14 'per
month; no children.: no objection to an infant.
' SIXTH, ; 1_3 — Furnished hou!«ekee*lns rooms;
'. central location and reasonable.
• SIXTH. J 42— Furnished rooms for housekitp-
! Ing; also other snnny rocm a.
t SOUTH PARK, 126 — 4 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
SOUTH PARK. 17$ — Pleasant rooms for house-
keeping. _^__-
)' BUTTER. 8RJ)--Nicely furnished rooms light
housekeeping.
' TAYLOR, '313— Two nicely furnished house-
; keeping rooms: rccular kitchen.
TURK. J»16—^Parlor floor" of four . rooms for
housekeeping;: large single rooma with run-
j ntng water for gentlemen.
TWELFTH. 143— Nicely furnished room for
housekeeping. \
TWENTY-FOURTH." 3114, near Howard— Two
or three nice stinny housekeeping rooms. wl_»
gas . stove and ;• bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33O7— $3; 1 housekeeping
room; near 3 car lines. -
VALENCIA. 752— One «mall front room t ur"-
• . nlshed for housekeeping. Call after Monday.
VALENCIA. 1227— A pleasant sunny large
room. ,. '¦•¦ ' .'." -s."
1 VAN NESS. 232—2 and 3 room suites: also sin-
1 gle: housekeeping; sunny front; gas range.
• $6. $12. $16, $20.
I VAN NESB ave., "06 — One room for house-
f keeping. . with . running water and gas
> stove; ?8. ' > . .
J WALLER. 71 — Fine. sunny rooms la new flat;
• suites $12 op; fine marine. vl«w. .
• ADVERTISEMKNTS, subscriptions received at
' . Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church, sts.
t A BRANCH afflca for Th« Call for the reception
of advertisements . and subscriptions has been
opened at .1008 Market sL, opposlt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. -.;...
ROOMS TO LET — Fnra. ¦-<« Vmtnrm.
MISSION. S07A— Rocnca to let.
MISSION. _M5— 2 furnished rooms; us* of
bath and phone.
NATOMA. 73 «.^ — Front room: furnished: $4
per month.
NINTH. 12«H — Connecting front rcom and
kitchen, icraplete for housekeeping.
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, suitable far
2^ one or two persons. » ______________
HOE.~~K77TbeT ISth _n«*~i5th — To let. a nlc»
furnished rcom suitable for 2 men: fln« Tl«w
and terms riascnable.
KOS, 577. tet. ISth an-1 !3th — A nicsly furnish -
e<l room, suitable for 2 men; tine view; aun-
ny ;- terms reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 411. nr. Hayes — Sunny front single
room, gaa stove. $H- nr double b_ ck sunny
rocm for two. *C; private.
POND, 70. off Sixteenth — 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms with use of bath.
POST. 242— Elegantly furnished suite, wit-
bath ; sunny. Tel. James 1.
POST. SS9. near Hyde — Large furnished treat
rocm; bath: gas: for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 2ia. bet. Geary and O'Farrell — Nle«
furnished rooms: reasonable; $1 73. $2 up wk.
POWELL, 5CC— Larje sunny rooms; running
water.
POWELLk 5P6 — Sunny single rooms to. let-
ROYAL House. 1_« Eilis — Incandescent UzMs.
reading-room, soicktcg-room and ladiear par-
lor; rooms per nisilt, — Sc to $1 SO; week. 11
to $:<; month. $* to $^0; e.'.evator on irrouni
floor; rooms with hot -and cold water; bat— s.
SACRAMENTO. lt'JO — Large stinny bay-win-
dow furnished room; suitable for coupla
la-tirs.
SACRAMENTO. If 11— A 'neat and very sunny
basement room for warklr.gnuin.
SANEOMn. C23 — Furnished rooni9 to let.
SECOND. 37 — Furnished room to let.
SILVER. 120A— Sunny f_mtshed room, suit-
able for 2 yentlemen.
SIXTH. 24»jV»— >"urr.!s'iea rwijQi. <lay. wee_ or
month; location rentral an.i reasonable.
STOCKTON. 1014 — Sunny furnished rooms.
SUTTER, 300 — Furnished rooms to let.
GUTTER, V532 — Two rurn:#he<t rooms -for
gentlemen.
TAYI/OR. 515H — EUi;ant sunny front room,
suitable 2. $10; larger aicov» suite. $14.
TEHAMA. 154— Furnished rooms to 1-it.
TEHAMA. Ii4 — Furnished rcoms. '
TEHAMA. 1SS — Furnished ruom to let.
TH_ ST. KATHKYN.
N E. COR . LEAVENWORTH AND
ET.LI3 — SUNNIEST AND CLEANEiT
ROOMS IN THB CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
P.OOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM *3
PFR WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 381 Sutter. _vear Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water: bath* free: $3 ta $tt per week; '
$1 to $1 5<> p*r day: electric elevator or lights.
THS VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices on
the ft~ t floor to let; furnished rooms la suit* ,
cr single, by the day, week or month; traa-
slant solicited.
THE RICHMOND. S^O Jones — Hands«mety fur-
nished rooms, $1 S<» week. S3c to $1 day up.
I "
THIRD tt., 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD St.. ST — Furnished rooms.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — WV
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights «n© gas), running water ia every
room' elsvator. read.-rocra: tr«e bus: baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 7Co — Sunny rooms; electric
light; grate: running water; elegant location.
VAN NESS, fcCS — Large sunny room In modern
curner flat; parlor, piano, bath, phone.
WEBSTER. S12 — Room to let.
1 ¦ ~~— * **— " m
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Mcst convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
33a to $1 50 night; $2 to $S watk: el.jvs.tor:
»lec lights: reading-room: tree bus: baggag».
WOLF Hfuse. 202 Sixth st. — Room* from 13o
to $1 per nigat and from 8Oc to $5 per w ««_.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions r«c«iv»d at
Call branch office, cor. Dun^aa ft Church sts.
A BRANCH office of Tha Call for ths recepUoa
of advertisements and subscriptions has b«*a
opened at IOCS Market st.. oppoaita ~Ut_.
Open until 11 d. — ¦ .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 piges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r year.
HOTS- BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTE_. BSATTTT-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
i OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
' WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROV EM-NTS.
• IS READY TO RECEIVE QUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. CEART.
j APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELB, MANAG3X.
¦' MASONIC ave.. 1311— Sunny front room with
board: gentleman and wife or two slagl»
I gentlemen; references. Phone Fell 1346.
'< STEINER. 4C8 — La— e sunny front room and
beard in private family for two young girls
; or man and wife.
i _____———-—_— ___—__—___———————_———
i SUNNY rooms: excellent hcm« eookinff: jea-
j tlemrn; $20; two meals $13. 1120 Cough, nr.
OTarrell. __________
J BUSH. S04 — Nicely furnished rooms; Tinny;
front alcove; bath acd board.
HAIGKT. 6*. near Market— Largs fnrniahed
» rocm for 2. with cood German beard.
FOURTEENTH. $4 — Sunny fnrnlshed room,
with or without board: reasonable.
j LARGE srnny double front room, with or
1 without bcar<l; reasonable. 1639B t Mission.
• THIRD. 4444— Board and room.
¦ DEVISADERO, 1301A— Furnished sunny rooms
with ooard. *
UNION Hotel. Turk. cor. Webster— Neatly fur.
f sunny rooms, with or without board; r— ts.
HOTEL KENOVA. 725 Pin- — Board and room
$20 pCT month: sun and elevator.
POWELL. SC2— Nicely furnished room tor 2; all
new; also slng!e; reasonable^ private beard.
! VAN NE3S. 1411 — Nicely furnished rooms for
j gentlemen: splendid taola board; referenc—.
HARPISON. SOO — Gooa table board; hom*
cooking; wonan cook; rheap and clean.
! Stevenson Jlansicn. opp. Grace Charch, aanex
1 807 California— Sse rooms. learaprtceg.trytaSi.*
1 HOWARD. 841A — First-class board and roam.
Is single or double. $3-$6 wk.; American family.
' EDDY. 1!2S. epp. Jefferson Pk. — Nicety fur.
sunny rooms: table bc»rd: 1— a». ; n»w _anz*(.
I GEAHY, C01, Hotei IS Aiglon — Fam'Iy rooms
i and beard: entirely rtnovated: reaa. prices.
!¦ ==
j st. -.otrrs booms.
Dli SIRABLE rooms for WorldTa Fair Tlsltors:
with or without board. A. H. COON. 3S07
Delm ar boulevard. St. Louis.
DESIRABLE rooms; convenient locality; first-
class. Cozy House. 815 N. 6th St.. St. Lotali.
ROOMS WASTED.
YOUNG man desires room: 'not over $10:
• - walking distance ; give particulars. Box
j 14S7. C*U office. -^-».
. ORDERLY man, home accustomed, wants in-
! expensive room In qtriet haaM. Box 3161. Call.
/ SOCX-X— STS.
CEORCB GOEBELv national Socialist IsctnrsT;
look out; Turk st. Temple. Tuesday. July ia.
SEWIHG 31ACHIXES AXD SUPPIJK9.
DON'T BOTHER. BUY A NEW OXE.
Send us a poutal and our agent will call and
trade for your old sewing machine; we hav«
a l-'t of slightly •hop-worn White* that we
shall sell quick at 1-3 and Vx regular prices;
' this Is ihe sewing machine bargain oppor-
tunity of a lifetime. White Sawing Machine
Co.. City ofScesi 3C0 Post st.; 1S41 Fillmor*
at., and TCS Valencia it:.
! DOMESTIC — The macBljie for family us*; best
1* cheapest: secor.ct-kar.d all ~ak»j at any
price: all ktml* rented lowest rates. Domas-
tic rfflce. 1QC1 Market St.. near Sixth.
.\XW iIr.M_— &*• cur n«w trip!--f-ed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $13. $20; second-
hand. $3 >3. $9: all styles; guaranteed. K*w
Hctn ¦» K»wing Machine Ca. 1CM M—rtet st.
1 . ror Additional Classlfled Adrtrtlitmeatj
9— ~ar« 40.
BERKELEY ADYERT'S'M\STS ,
BHRKELCV HEAL ESTATE. '
a bargain:
S2l'« — ?:**» ca*h. balance S2"J r*"" month. In- ;
c!u£ir.c interest: S !anre rooms; fine man- j
tel: e!»li<>nery tuts; high baseni«-nt: two '
H.rks tu both trains; tunny ei3e cf street; '¦
s •— ct work all doae; ismtut walks. :
t_200-^Ncirl} r,»» 4-rotm ccttage, all fur- I
ntiheO; re»- piano; lot BOxSSS; fruit trees j
a:io teeutiiul flower garden; chicken- I
house, pigecn-huuse; half block to train: :
owner ' *-• .
r _" - • — Fine ccrr.tr store with on* 4-room flat 1
arid one 5-rocm fiat: lot «J4_ 100; 1 block ,
from Ftation: a pnar.
SwuO— New 5»-rO'.rn hru«e en corner lot, 50x100; ,
double pa. rlrrs: Urge «ltr.lnK-ro:ra; tlde-
boirS; fiiie. mar.td; i>crec!aln beth; open ,
j-lun'.tinr: toilet uj> aud down stairs; I
!arpe w_s?iraom; fine neighborhood; thre«
Mocks to both trains; electric cars, stores,
etc.; S5?x> cash, balance $25 per month.
S"JOO — New &-room cottase; large lot; street 1
work a'.l done; 3 blo__> to both trains; '
$5w .-..•!-. balance {20 per month; place
will rent for this.
$2«00 — 7- :00m etittage on SO ft. street: 'i block
U> c*.te; fruit tree». all bearing: good
*-»:!: lot 50x1*0; a snar; *tr«-et work ail
done, including consent walks.
$"«SO0 — f-V«o cash. oa!*nce $5» i*er month; this
tlace sold fcr $4i»'«O; 8 beautiful rooms.
rHnging irom If* ».o IS ft. square; lot 6ex
135; fine street ; fine fruit trees; 3 blocks
to both trains; least be sold; see it.
1:500 — S2OO carh. t.a!an<- $20 r*r month; *!x
_rse ror— is; irrt 4."ocl0i»; Cne well and
mill; fruit trees: cr.ly 3 blocks to both
•jar line*; fin* neighborhood.
jy<> to J»K>0— Street work all done: lota from
2Ixlfm to oOxlJt'; $25 cash, ba'.ance $3
and $10 per month.
W. C. KORAN. Pouth Berkeley.
LOTS and houses fcr aale In choice locations,
nnrlh and routlj of university. Call on
FRANCIS FERRIER. 2121 Shattuck ere..
NEAR CKNTER ST.. BERKELEY.
$4.V>— LOT f^xlOO; east of Telegraph ave., nr.
car !in_
f2_«0 — N-w 5-rr-o— 1 cottage: h!.eh basement;
near car line and Key Route station.
LITTLE A- tVCW>LS_Y.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOR saJe — In Berkeley, nlcelr furnished cot-
itft cf 6 r»m;«; everything complete, ready
Vj ta-ve In: near Key route and local train;
cne block from Shattuck rv«. ; price $1330.
Address F. A., Berkeley Postofflce.
i'.Z' — Choice corner lot. east on Grove;
52x187: fine locttion: two blocks to station.
Address _530 Grove st.. East Berkeley.
A WEEK'S news fer 8 cents— Tbs Weekly Call.
1* pares, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITVALE Advertisements..
rariTVALE real estate.
C11AS. F. LEE. Fhcne Vale 206.
Office, ha'.f block from Fruitvaie station.
$1000 — $300 cash. ba_nce $10 monthly; house
<t 6 rooms; close to street cars and school;
lot 6O1IIO.
tl—f-T" — Nice ccttage cf 4 rooms; fine well of
cood water; property all set out in small fruits
and young trees: traveled walks; fine place for
chicken cr rijeon ranch: lot 100x245: only $400
«.ash rt-quired. balance $10 per month.
WOO ca*h — New eott_g> of 4 rooms, bath.
r«ntry. hurh basement. sanitary washtubs;
• fcicken yard and house; fenced and cross-
fenced; berry vines and flowers: near local
train and school; lot 3Sxl25; price all told
tisoa.
$1S mor.thly and own your home; a lovely 5-
rocm. bath, rantry. hirh basement, brick foun-
<lar:on ccttape; handsomely decorated interior:
•te*l enatre'.e-i bath: handscrr.e ralm tree; full
bearir.jt fruit tr*es and flowers in aT> en fiance;
V. blocks; frcm the *"ar lift-: rrsded school near
hy anu Vx TtiKS; only ?5CW cash required;
l-rlce all \c?t 11720.
$5fO each — Re^utiful up-to-date bungalow
«-tia(te cf 5 rocnif. recept'on hall. bath, pantry.
? lutnc iUrhts. stationary wa*htubs; finest
.: flurr-Mry. neer Wai train nn<i school; lot
price ell tol<l el'SO.
$'W> cash — Fine ccttage at '• rooms, bath,
rartrr. sanitary tubs'. ht£-h basement, finished
for rummer kitrh»-n and dlr.ir.s-rocm. nice re-
•«;ti',n hall: large chk-»en >ard and house;
«busdanc« of fruit trees Rower*: clo*e to
str**t car» and echoo!: lot ~i>x.Z<'Q; 2 frontages,
a'.; tcr f—W; easy monthly payments.
LOTP! LOTS'.
I/^TS! LOTS!
Jurt crened — IVaut'.*>jl elevated tract of 30
! t.-; cne btock fro;n - car lines; close to fine
*cl»vol and loon! t-tttion; grarvi view of moun-
tci_s »r.l H-iy; wll bof— 1 you a home on any
six* let derlred. just after your own ideas;
'~al! i>ayK5»-nt.« <!cwn» balance as rent; come
ar<<5 see this rroprty and talk over your p!ans.
$7r» lot* tn t— • beautiful Rosa L^e Tract: fine
t ->t!: prand view; rew homes raplCly going up:
rw> ".Id wSn.lit cr wet foes and lots only $75
es.h: ?5 dG«n. l-alane* £2 50 per month.
'HAS V. I-EE. :_S Frultvtie ave.
v.\ 1:. nrnELU rhal kstate. "
C~r. Krultrale ave. and T\"a*h<nrton St.,
FRUITVALE, CAL.
Office hours— S a. m. to 5 p. tn.. Sundays
SPECIAL— HOUSE 5 ROOMS. 'WITH ONE
AND A QUARTER ACRES OF" LAND,
HI'iHT IN THI~ CENTER OK FRUITVALE.
£X» LARGE t=HADE TREES: I HAVE AN
OPTION OX THIS rP.OPEHTY FOR FIVE
T>>YS AKD WILL S1XL FOR $1600. $300
CASH. BALANCE 6 PEP. CE2*T LOAN.
DO5TT 1VRITE FOR PARTICULARS, COME
AND SEE THIS PROPERTY.
$2**>O — House. 8 rooms and bath: ."near the
hills"; fruit trees and vegetables: chicken
. bo_M( and ctable; corner lot, 135x143; reason-
able terms.
$14C^> — House. 4 nice rooms and bath: four
*h«rt blocks frcm the station ; lot 37;6xl25;
*_•» cajh. balance tbout $12 per month.
(_>*>— Modern cott— Rre, 5 rocme and hath;
rrand view; one block from FrultvaJe ave.
car.
f^SO — House. 5 room*; close to echool: terms
tlwO caeh. balance 510 per isonth.
$3600 — Beautiful, modern house, 7 rooms;
l-.t 50x140; Frultvale ave.
THE ABOVE ARE JTST A KUW OF THE
MANY BARGAINS I HAVE FOR SALE.
I HAVE HOMES FROM $fe5O UP.
11000 — Cozy cottase. 8 nice rooms; city
water; rood sewer: lot 23x130: near station,
street car asd school: tern—, $200 cash, bal-
ance e_ eaj> rent.
vr. E. RUDELL.
Cor. Fr-itvaJe ave. and Washir.rton St..
One Mock from station.
FRL'ITVALE, CAU
Offir* open Essdaya, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
ELROD it HULL.
No. 26— $300— Chicken ranch: 450 chickens;
2 Incubators, brooders and house: chickea-
hocaea and yarda 1: horse, harness, burry and
spring-wagon; bo&e-cutter; feed-cutter, and all
klr.fis cr tocls; fur_tur« ia honse; ail for .$900.
f r -— . house, hish basement, barn, 2 acres
cf las'!, half a block from car Use, to rent
fer \\~. per month.
No. 26 — $100— fi© chickens; chicken-hoases;
r!«eon house; household furcitare. for sale for
$100. 3-room cettare; well aad pump; lot lOOz
US for aale for $_U>: near R, R. at— tloo.
Ho. 28 — $350 — 2-room cott— ce; city water;
sewer; ne^r car line, and school; lot
No. 2 — $160*— 6-rooia cottage; hifn base-
ment; f.-j'.t and flowers; half a block from
car Una.
No. 40— $__0— 3-room cottaxe; lot 37^x100;
this place 1» near the local station.
No. 1 — $—200 — 6-room house, high basement;
city w_ter; bath; this place is In rood shape;
near local station; mcst be sold toon, and can
be acid on very easy terms.
No. 6 — $i000— 9-roam. 2-stcry house; modern
throvrbout; 6— e hall and bath; Urge rooms;
lot 127x147; rood barn; this e!erast place com-
:.._r.i* a magnificent view.
No. 2 — tCOOO — •-room. S-«tory house; wind-
ibUI c-". tar.k; in fine condition, and command.
:¦; a euperb view; . located at tb« bead of a
'•»'*: and the one acr* ef land is covered with
live c— ka. mow ntain laurel, cypress, and peppei
trees, with romantic walks ictermlr^led, mak.
lr.t; aa Ideal r— 'k; only one hour's ride from th<
city.
ELROO A HULL. Fruitral* ave., one and
a balf blocks from local station. Phone, Brock
UBSL
6NET6IKGER . MATTESON,
1214 Fruttvale ave.. FruHTale, Cal
Phcne Brock 632.
$1500— 6-room cottage; let 60x120; one bloci
from car line; barn, chickea house* ant!
yards.
$1250 — 6-roera cottage; lot 40x160; well, t«vera
flee thaee tmj; fine location In rood real
dence jK>rti<» o r iown; near school an<
electric cars; additional rrou.-.a cheap.
SZZCO— New 6-room ccttac*: lot 40x120; oni
Mock frcm 2 car lines; gas. electricity
city water, etc.; more ground If desired
eae? term_
$ 100A— Good cottire of B rocmt; lot 60xlC3
on« block from station; terma eaey cnousl
for anybody.
$lC00 — An acre asd a balf in fruit and berries
«mall house; good location, near schoo
and electric care; btxh ground.
$1500— Home iite en Frultvale ave. ; lot 82x150
r2tS— Let 43x120; half block from electrli
cars: come early if j-on want this pick-up
SNETSINGER — MATTESON.
in 4 FRUIT VALE AVE..
FRUITVALE. CAL.
FOR rail" — 2 new cottares. 4 and & room*
tT-rtn* to suit purchaser. Address 1SC7 Bra]
a\e.. Fruits ale. Cal.
-PA-tT-O-grT KOXTB-3. (
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS. CORNER \
PACIFIC AVE AND BRODF.RICK ST. :
3. 4 AND A ROOMS. FURNISHED OR 1TN-
FURNISHED: COMMANDS AN UNSUR-
PASSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY. ,
OCEAN AND TIAY; YOUR INSPECTION
SOLICITED: BEST OF REFERENCES RE-
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE. j
A— EL DRISCO APARTMENTS.
COR. PACIFIC AVE. AND BRODERICK ST.; |
3, 4 AND 5 «OOMS. FURNISHED OR UN- .
FURNISHED: COMMANDS AN UNSUR- t
PASSED VIEW OF THE ENTIRE CITY. [
OCEAN AND BAY: YOUR INSPECTION,
SOLICITED: BEST OF REFERENCES RE- !
QUIRED. MRS. N. FOSTER. LESSEE. j
GOLDEN GATE APARTMENTS. 331 Golden
Gate ave.. almost ready for occupancy; ele- :
gantly furnished suites; location central: :
make reservations now; open for inspection. .
BENTON (The). 835 Octav'.a. opp. feeautlfu 1 J
park — 2 and 3 room apartments, with all ;
modern conveniences; special reductions for \
summer months. j
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave —
The acme of perfection in modern, .elegantly
furnished 3-rcom apartments, with private
baths, steam heat. el«t. light. e!ev.. gas rar.g».
SENTINEL (Tbe>, S79 Turk, adjacent Jefferson '.
square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and 4
rooms, ready for occupancy. Phone East 017. j
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, corner Van Neas — ;
Nicely furnished S-room suite. $24; 2-room
, _sult. $18; bath. i
: AL.TAMONT. SE. cor. 'Washington and Mason
3-room apartments, furn. cr unfur; private.
I EL CAMELLO. 1719 Washington— 2 to 6 room
1 apartments, newly furn. or unfurn; sunny.
! GOLDEN GATE ave.. 330. above Hyde— 2. 3
and 4 room new apartments : also single.
ST. LOUIS, 1S73 Jackson rt. — Modem »-»- i
. rooms: furn. or nnfura.: refs. TeL Ea«t 13.VX
ROOMS TO LETj-Farn. and Gnfarn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 33 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
.LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH, $1 50 TO $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAT AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. !______
ASHWORTH HOTEL. V~
320 Mason •_, bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; ». tire house
newly renovated; sun in rooms a'l 'ay.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st - "-'Jl
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per »•<¦. _»d
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlghu
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 29c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 waek; hoti ia open all nUht.
ALDIXE. 404 Turk — One room, double bed,
running water, closet, $8 month.
ASH ave., 220 — Large sunny front room with
closet; also small oue.
AVERY. 29. oft Geary, near Flllmore— Sunny
parlor In new flat. $S.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rcoms. suite, single; also unfurnished.
BURRITT, 1. near Stocktcn and Bush — Clean
room; $7: nice and sunny.
BUSH, o0_r— Newly furnished rooms; modern
conveniences; suites and single rooms.
BUSH, 806— Alcove and single room for gentle-
men with good references; no s!gn.
CALIFORNIA. 1CC4— Snnny rooms with beard.
CLARA. 67, near Fourth — Clean, comfortably
fgrnjuhed room for workingman. $1 per wk.
CLARA. 83— Nicely furnished front room, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; running water.
CLAY, 1105 — Furnished room to let.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Masoa— Elegantly
furnished ronny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 110 (Tne Lannston) — Central; best reg-
ular and transient In city; lowest rates.
EDDY. 313 — Furnished front room, one or two
g#nts; private family: close In; $12.
EDDY. 432 — Elegantly furnished parlor suite
aad bath; also single rcoms.
EDDY. 478 — Elegant sunny |Ulte.; double or
single; travelers solicited. W
EIGHTEENTH. 3363, near Mission— Sunny
furnished room; bath; modern; $7 month.
ELEVENTH. 21— Elegant room* single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS. 633A— Large, fnrnlshed front room;
private family; $14 per month.
ELLIS, 866. near Van Ness — Newly farn. front
room, suitable for 2 gents.; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 1040 — Newly furnished sunny suit and
single rooms; gas. bath, electric lights.
ELLIS. 1274 — Sunny front parlor. $18; sunny
front room. \\\ modern fla^
FELL, 200 — Large sunr.y furnished front
room; also 2 connecting unfurnished rooms.
FILBERT. 1110H — Sunny room; furnished or
unfurnished; rent S«-
FILLMORE. 923 — Nice suany furnished room;
. lady preferred.
FIRST ave.. K00 — Rooms to let. furnished or
unfurnished: corner McAllister st.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny bay-window room with
double bed. closet «od bath; also sunny single
room, $1 23 per wee_.
FOLSOM. 1220 — Nice, sunny rooms, frcm $1
per week up.
FRANKLIN. 42?. cor. Fulton— Furnished
rocms.
FKANKL1N. 721, near G. O. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; for2.$12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 S3 night; $1 SO to $6 wk.: readlng-rm.
GEARY, 62O— Sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY. 915— Well fur. parlors, large closets;
al$o #unny room, running water: phone; r*as.
GOUGH. 50*— Newly furnished rooms.
I GROVE, «>32 — Front eunny furnished room; g_s.
bath: $«¦
HAIGHT, 218 — Newly fnrnlshed sunny rooms
to tet reasonable.
HARRISON. 7M%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
ntshfd sunny rooms; homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON. 932— Rooms' to le^ '
HAYES. J'3»V cor. Van Ness — Large sunny
room suitable for sents; *l<>.
HAYES. 071— Beautifully furnished sunny front
bay-window alcove room.
HOWARD. 713 — Large sunny rooms at low
rate?: 25c. to $1 day and $1 23 to $5 week.
HYDE, 334 — Front, sunny, bay window, for
l'or. 3; oih*r rooms; hat and cold runnicsr
water; tb&ek, .' .
¦ *9
HYDE. 727—2 nicely furnished rooms, suitable
for gentlemen; private family.
HYDE. 1.M0 — To let. sunny - furnished rooms
and bath.
JACKSON. 1173. cor. Jones — Furn. or enfurn.
sunny front rooms; fine marine view: pbone.
JF.£SIE. .TCI. ean U. S. Mint— Furnished roooj,
in T*r month; 2 bed*. $10.
JONES. 023. nr. Bush — Sunny front alcovo
room; cozy corner; $20 single; $25 two.
KEARNY. '306— Nice sunny furnished room
and bath. ¦
KENILWORTH. «>* Bush it., cor. Powell—
Elegantly furnished apartments; bath, phone;
finest location In tha city; lar^a rooms, all
sunny and convenient; reasonable; Powell-
strec:. can pass door. v.
LARKIN, 8O4 — Sunny single front for gent. $5;
lartxe room, 2 beds, $7.
LEAVENWORTH. irO. between Turk and
Gulden, Gat* ave.—- Sunny famished rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1007— Large sunny and
' . newly furnished room. $14; nl»o single room.
MARKET. B03— Furnished rooms. ~_
MARKET, lO49A,The Falmouth— Sunny-rooms;
hoi and ccld water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1CS4— Furnished rooms to let'
MA6ON. 618, above Sutler— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; running water; rea_onb!e.
MASON. 816— Newly furnished sunny room;
from $5 up to $20; boarding-house next door.
MINNA. 32S— Fur_lsh«d .rooms: single 01
double.
: MINNA. 614 — Furnished room to let.
MINNA, 545— Sunny furnished room ft»r one 01
1 two rentlemen, ST.
. MINNA. 735%. near Ninth— Fine flat. 6 roomi
and bath; cheap. ... ..
FKUITVALK ADV'RT'S'U'NTS
/Ki;iTV.»l,K 11KAI..K>TATK.
SYNDICATE '
INVESTMENT COMPANY,
INCORPORATED IN ISO. |
312 UUSI1 ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
REAL ESTATE. \
INSURANCE, ' 1
AND
MONEY TO LOAN. 1
BRANCH OFFICE. FRUITVALE (
BELOW WILL BE FOUND A PARTIAL '
LIST OF PROPERTY WHICH IS OFFERED .
FOR SALE BY THIS COMPANY. j ,
A chance to double your money within one~
yesr. W> acres of fine rolling land subdivided
Into blocks cf 7. S, 13, 14, and 1" acres each.
This fine property is for tale as a whole at
about Tialf its value, for ten days only. The
property is within fifteen minutes' drive of
Frultva'le Mation. For terms and full partlcu- •
lar» cail en thts company. i
$15,000.
Thirteen acres of land in the highest of cul-
tivation; 7-room boos-, two barns, BOOO-galloa
tank; h acres in bent varieties of cherries; 5
acres op^n land; within short distance from
the tPT.-n of s=an Leandro: nets 10% cver-and
a hove <?7rp*nse» p*r annum; this is an ideal
home for any cne.
$coco: 1
Secures a most complete S-room house with
WK>0-gal!r,n tank, bsrn,- chicken-houses, etc., ln-
clu<!ir.j$ e^>out 2»i acres of land, 250 varieties of
fruit trees, such as apiicots. peaches, cherries, .
plums, applt*. prunes, an-i a variety of berries;
trees are about ?i years eld. all In bearing. This
property If within twenty minutes' rtde of
Fnutval* station, and in a sheltered .-pot.
irvery thing well built and the finish ts the
Cn«t; termf Jo suit purchaser. >
$21, COO. !
THs may b* the house and grounds you are
locking fcr: located in the very cream part
of Fniltvole. on Fourteenth street, between
Twenty- sixth and Twenty-seventh avenues,
house of 1ft rooms; lot 15EhcSfO feet. 3 bath
rooms, electricity and Ras throughout, and In-
deed modern in every respect. • ,
$3500.
Two Ooufcle houses of 7 rooms each, fronting
on Fruitvale avt.; let S2xliO feet near Diroond
P. O.. rents for $40 per month; this wouH
make two good homes, or a first-class Invest-
meat for you. ;
.--*4000.
Choice 6-room house, located on High street.
DM block from €an Leandro cars; lot 50x150 !
feet; price $4000; this is very desirable prop- ¦
erty. j
$sooo.
7-room house, larce barn, windmill and tank;
I lot 1SOx426 feet: this Is choice property and
within one block of Fourteenth street; proper
BUM would be a small ranch. i
12275.
Secure* a most complete cottage home within '
cne block of Dewey school; fruit trece and fine
garden; an Ideal Frultvale home; lot 37:6x125;
never offered for sale before.
If you are wishing to buy smaller proper- .
ties than the above, we have a larpe list from
which you may select:
3-room cottage $ 450
S-room . cottage 573 .
4-rccm cottage 10C0
1 6-room cottage 21T>0
j 6- room house 2250
I 6-room house 2275
j 8-room house 2500
I ft-room house 3<J00
I 11-room house 4000
The^fcbove houses are located within walking ;
I distance of Fruitvale station, and can be sold
on very reasonable terms. .
165 LOTS ' j
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY IN THE SALE I
OF LOTS ON THE INSTALLMENT PLAN;
: PRICES HAVE BEEN REDUCED DURING
, THE PAST MONTH ON 100 OF THE ABOVE
j LOTS. AND MANY BUYERS HAVE TAKEN
I ADVANTAGE OF THE LOW PRICES. WE
: STILL HAVE A FEW LEFT AND AT THB
. OLD FIGURE. AND OX VERY EASY ;
. TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
COR. I3ASSETT,AND PUTNAM STS.. ',
1 PHONE ASH 5*V / FRUITVALE. CAL. J
! H. A. PLEITNER. Fniitvale station. Cal. j
j $850 — Fine 3-rocm house, bath, city water, i
rood sewerage, fruit trees, etc.; only 2
blocks from Fruitvale nation; a big bar- I
gain. «
. $1S75 — New modern 5-room ccttare. hall, bath: !
hirh basement; on best side of street: j
, IM 50x173; all fenced: fine outlay t>C ber- j
! ries of *!1 kinds: easy terms If desired. ;
j $£25 — Neat cottage of 4 rooms: about 3 blocks j
¦ frcm Fruitvale ave.; well and jiump, ;
fruit trtes. etc.; lot 50x106; $100 down, |
balance abcut flO p*r month.
j S1550 — New 5-room cottage, bath, hall: mag- J
niflcent Mew and 2 blocks from Fruilval- J
ave.; let CT.1144; fruit trees, etc; this is i
a bargain.
$1650 — Ne-nr modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall |
• and bath: high basement: lot 3^x125; all !
fenced; one Week from school and four ;
blocks from Frultvale station. i
$1950 — Good, substantial cotta«e of 6 rooms. ;
reception hall, bath, mantel: all modern j
and «rnng house: lest S0xl22:6 to 16- |
foot alley In rear: four blocks from :
Frultvale local station; easy terms." (
$1350— Fine cottage of 4 rooms, bath, wash- !
ing room: Ijt 37:6x100: fine garden; good j
sewerage ; cnly two blocks from local I
station; terms to suit.
$1450 — Very good cottage of 4 large rooms,
hall, b*»tk. porch, etc.; hot and cold wa-
ter: tewered; lot 37:«xl3O; on macudam-
: iied street; one block from school an:l
four blocks from Frultvale station; $23<> \
down, balance ?ame as rent. j
575 — For sale, 100 lots; ?73 each: only one I
block from schoolhouse and electric car I
line: "In a fine location: the cheapest lots j
! In the Fruitvale market. ;
t $1600 — Nice B-room cottage and 300 shade j
trees, etc.: chicken-houses; lots 15Ox |
365: fine place for raising chickens; near-
by location. ~ • !
H. A. PLE1TNER. Frultvale station. CaL !
; H. BARKMEYER,
I 1206 Fruitvale ave.. Frultvale station. Cal.
4
$750 — Neat cettare of 2 rooms: high base-
ment: summer kitchen in back; stable,
workshop, coal cellar; fine well; fine
neighborhood.
$300— $100 cash, balance $10 per month: cot-
I tage of 3 rooms; lot 75x256: good well and
i pump: 4 blocks frcm car line; fine place
for raising chickens.
$1KX> — Pleasant cottage. 4 rooms, bath, barn j
and chicken-houses; fine improvements: !
cholc* flowers; fruit trees in bearing; lot
75x108.
$2400 — Very desirable cottage of 4 rooms;
high basement, pantry, bath, hall; bear-
Ing orchard; plenty of chtcken-hoases;
lot 64x3*0: fine place for raising chickens.
$C0OO — Ideal home In the warm belt, near foot-
hills; modern S-room house, bath, elec-
tric lights: 2-story barn: windmill and
tank; artistic grcunds; old oak trees:
choice flowers and plants: lot 200x225;
would subdivide and sell balf. Including
house, for $3500.
For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
Near Frultvale station. Cal.
1 GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
! End ef block; 271 feet frontage on track: two
; - blocks from Berkeley station $'?.1fl0
I Lot 25x100;- 1 block from railroad 8200
! Lot 40X1M: mac; within Vt block S450
! Half block adjoining R. R. property $2600
Bay where values are increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number cf
cheap houses.
CHAB. A. BAILEY, 1056 University ave.,
X*tr Ban Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
- ______ ; .
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
L_Nt>A PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
j The terminus of 5-cent fare. Hay ward* cars;
¦ streets graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
! depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 each
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
¦ train; beet located property on Ean Leandro
! road: irraded school on tract. Apply to s. s».
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
1 *45A — a BARGAIN: fine elevated level lot, 5Ox
100. N. side Belmont r\... bet. Frultvale and
j Peralta ave*.: short v.-alk to station. C. H.
RANDALL, csr. Fruitvale ave. and Blossom
«_, Fruitvale.
FOR sale— $2750: it cost $3730;- rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to 8. a. AUSTIN, 1101 . Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. ¦ A ¦
OAKLAND ADVEBTISEMENT3
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL RITATS.
FINE HOME CLOSE IN.
KwO — Reduced frcm $5700 for quick salt: new
I colonial; very artistic in design and fin-
1 ish; built two years; 8 lovely rooms, bath,
laundry-room and basement: gas and coal
•tratee; electric and gaa fixtures; beauti-
ful yard: croquet ground and summer
bouse: first-class neighborhood and sur-
: roundinits: close to Telegraph ave.; with-
in walking distance of center; owner
leaving city; rare chance; terms if de-
: sired.
1 FRANK P. LEE.
811 Broadway. Oakland.
1 — — — - S
SHOULD GO OFF .
BETTER THAN FIREWORKS.
LINDA VISTA. DISTRICT.
FINE LARr,K» TWO-STORY HOUSE OF 8
, ROOMS. WITH LARGK LOT. ON THE VERY
BEST PART OF VERNON ST. HOUSE IS
NEWLY PAINTED AND INSIDE WILL BE
PAPERED AND TINTF.D TO SUIT ' PUP
CHASER COST OVER $3000. BUT 44OOO
¦ >\ II-w F>i_ x IT.
\ JAS. H. NAI«MITH..
KM THIRTEENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
r-»||. ic t*Kec. sen* to any address In the
1 United States or Canada one year for $1
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.; - ? -
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents.
12-jO Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
Telephone Cedar 351.
$1250— Pretty cottage of 5 rooms, bath arid
pantry, renting for $12 per month; located
east of Teleiraph ave. and near Moss
ave. This is a cheap place; easy terms.
?1COO — A. very pretty, modern cottage of 4
rooms, newly papered, • hot and cold
water, bath and stationary tubs, S-foot
basement and partly floored; 28-foot front-
age; rentlr.r at present time for $15 per
month; on" Walsworth ave., Linda Vista
district. 125S •
$I7C0— Cottage of 6 large rooms oa Adeline St.:
Key route cars pass the door; lot 25x125
feet: sewered, walks and street work
done. 1497
$1700 — Handsome Queen Ann cottage of 6
rooms aad bath, high basement, new and
modern, within two blocks of Piedmont
station; this is certainly a snap, as the
. house may be had for amount of mortgage
aealnst it. 1242
A REAL BARGAIN.
$2250 — Neat story and a half cottage; nice ap-
pearance; 7 large rooms and high base-
ment: fine two-story barn, nearly new;
very large lot, 65-feet frontage; one block I
from Broadway, near Twenty-eighth- st. I
' This is certainly a bargain and It is i
worth your while to investigate it. Term* !
to suit. 1312
$2600— An elegant story and a half cottajre of
7 rooms, situated In t>eautlful Peralta
Heights, surrounded by fin© homes; half
block from car line; very large lot, 40x
147 feet; good twn and driveway. This
Is honestly a bargain and will soon be
fold. Let us show you this nobby home.
\
A FINE BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
I $75C0 — F»>ur stores, annual Income $840; lot
60x100 feet; half block from Broadway;
j : <'v situated In a suitable location for whole-
Fale: corresponding properties being held
at $200 per front foot without lmprove-
; ments. This location warrants a great
future and th; present income Is all that !
can be desired. 1327 j
I IF INTERESTED IN ANY OF THE ABOVE
; PROPERTIES DO NOT HESITATE TO CALL
• ON US AVITH AN OFFER. WE CAN AR-
RANGE TERMS TO SUIT PURCHASER.
ALL CONVEYANCING AND NOTARY PUB-
LIC WORK DONE IN OUR OFFICE. WE
I HAVE AN EXTENSIVE LIST OF REAL
ESTATE BARGAINS TOO NUMEROUS TO
PUBLISH. IF IN THE MARKET CALL ON
US OR PROP US A LINE. NO TROUBLE
"TO ANSWER QUESTIONS.
TAYLOR BROS. - CO.
HORSWILL & CO. ¦
(Successors to Geo. W. Austin),
1002 Broadway; Oakland.
Tel. Main 132 and White Sii.
' $3500 — Administrator's sale; Franklin St., nr. j
1 20th: 7 rooms, bath; all modern; easy j
I walking distance to town. !
j $16w — Here's a snap: new bungalow cottage. 4 t
; roome: sunny side of street; easy wa'king ]
! distance to Santa Fe depot at Golden j
Gete station; ocen lawn; s«wer work all I
done: terms. $200 down and $16 per j
menih on a private loan. ¥ Jf |
$2500-=- A snap; close to Key route aan local !
trains; good walking distance; C rooms; |
i*»w; modem plumbinc; very sunny; fres- j
coed ceilings; gas and electricity; oa
terms, $5C0 down ar.d $25 per month.
• $5C00— P#ir ul sunny flats; modern plumbing;
: large veranda: house In first-class con-
j dltion throughout; open lawn; on sunny
i o'.if of street; lot 274x135. .
! $70 per foot; on Telegraph ave., NE. cor..
and "tnly corner left in this vicinity; S
I elegant residences being erected on "the
: opposite corners.'
i $1250— Fine building lot for flats; 25x100: north
of 8th st. .and close to Oakland High
I School.
! $"2C0 — Elevpn rooms; porcelain bath; new
plumbing: conservatory: West Oakland; 1
I.;- fine, location; lot 50x125; lawn and* large !
; veranda : handy for railroad people*, terms. |
$tOM> down.
: ?3250 — Clo.je to 10th and Washington sts.;
right in town; S-room house, bath; -mod-
ern plumbing; handy to both broad and
narrow gauge trains: must be sold to close >
estate. i
i $3500 — New modern nous? of six Iarce rooms; j
modern plumbing; first-class condition; j
j lot .V>xl ".'<«, with assorted* fruit trees; !
within 200 feet of Telegraph ave. j
; $3000 — $500 down and $25 per month: including I
i new carpets; colonial style bouse, 6 rooms; 1
porcelain bath, tiled sink, paneled dining-
\ room: gas and electricity; close to Grove
st. : t- asy walklns distance to business
i center. ' • •
HORSWILL & CO.
i (Successors to Geo. W. AustinV
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
J Ttl. Main 132 and White S44.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
-, 1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
J .* — —
j $1000 — Sacrifice for quick Bale: beautiful >slx-
. room cottage, with bath, gas, double
parlors, bay windows, hlsrh basement and
j brick foundation: lot 48x100; very sunny:
! half block from public park and three
"¦ minutes' wane of S. F. train: street
wcrk complete, and cement walks; this
i is a snap; cheap at $3oOO; ownsr going
i East and must be sold this week.
j $3000 — Elegant two-story house of 8 rooms, on
i Thirty-seventh st.. near Telegraph ave.;
, double parlors; dining-room, bay win-
dows; corcelaln bath; large lot; can be
bousht on easy terms.
$2200— Beautiful six-room cottage with high
basement, on Brockhurst st.; small pay-
ment down, balance on terms.
Cheap for cash. 5-room cottage, with bath,
on tne sunny side of Thirty-second st. ; lot
! 32:6x117; price $1600.
$100 down and $20 per month will buy a
swell 5-room cottage, porcelain bath, large
lot, on the sunny side' of the street.
$550— Fine let. 35x128. elevated, with fine
view of S. F. Bay and Oakland; 2 blocks
to Key route station; easy terms.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1003 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ALDEN REALTY CO..
51S4 Telegraph avo.; phone Black 6481.
$350 — Lot 31x113; nice corner, good locatton:
easy terms.
$375— Lr.t 50x150; Rosalawn Tract, Claremont;
, must be *old to close estate; cost *500.
> ! • ! ! PIEDMONT BARGAINS » ! t
> ' $150— Lot 07x128; high grounds, fins view;
( ; near Key route depot and schocl..
1! $550 — Lot 40x115; high elevation. . nice nelgh-
; fcorhood: near Key route depot and school.
. ' $SM — 8(0x115, on Echo st.. near Rose ave.:
must be sold; make an offer.
$1750— Fire 2-etory house. Just finished, near
Alcatrax and Telegraph aves.; 6 rooms,
bath, pantry, etc.; fine view.
$275C — 6 rooms and bath; lot. 60x150; barn,
chicken houses. . fruit trees, etc.; Clare-
mont; must be sold; make an oiler.
. 1 "" ~~~ ~ _3ZZ "^ ~
• m^j " ¦ " : :rC
; ! BEAUTIFUL BOULEVARD TRACT.
\ \ THE CHOICEST RESIDENCE PROPERTY
i-lN OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING .LAKE
, MERRITT. s SEVERAL VERY DESIRABLE
I LOTS LEFT. SEVERAL ELEGANT RESI-
! DENCES ALREADY COMPLETED AND
i MORE IN THE COURSE OF COMPLETION
I AND TO BE BUILT AT ONCE. CHEAPEST
j LAND. CONSIDERING LOCATION. CL\SS
; OF HOMES. ETC.. IN THE CITY. "KEY
ROUTE" SERVICE DIRECT TO SAN FRAN-
| CISCO AFTER JULY 1. IF YOU ARE GOING
, TO BUY A SITE FOR A HOME DON'T FAIL
, TO INVESTIGATE PROPERTY. FOR ¦
FULL PARTICULARS SEE
J. H. MACDONALD A CO.,
I 1052 BROADWAY,
$K00 — LESS than cost; 8-room rustic buga-
low; 2 baths;, exterior finish, including
porte cochere in natural redwood loss ar.4
clinker brick: large rooms; betfm ceiling
in dining-room, all paneled in llnwood
oak;, large corner lot; fine marine view;
convenient to business center. - cars, local
trains and schools; terms, only $250 caeh
and $50 per month; almost new and thor-
oughly first-class in every respect; cannot
do justice to this property in describing it;
j .it must be seen to appreciate its low valu«
and many attractive qualities.
J..S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
j $2800— REDUCED from $3500; magnificent 6-
- room cottage; all large rooms; basement;
combination gas and electric fixtures;
mantel in dining-room and parlor; large
lot with driveway; first-class neighbor-
hood: only 27 minutes to San Francisco by
Key Route; terms, $200 cash and $35 per
month; to see this place means to buy it,
as it is a much better place than this ad-
vertisement can describe.
: J. S. MYERS.
- 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$650 CASH, $10 monthly: cottage of 4 rooms:
well, chicken-house, shed; £ lots 100x245; all
1 fenced; young fruit trees; ground in cultiva-
tion; fine chicken ranch; lovely, site; sandr
loam soil; echool and electric cars near by;
new homes going up right along; fine marine
and landscape view; no fogs nor winds here;
Adjoining East Oakland; price in all $1375;
1 Call or send for circular; 45.1 7th st.. opp.
i ¦ Broadway station, Oakland: carrtase ' free.
H. 55. JONES, Landowner.
OAKLAND "Al>.VEKl'i2S£lI£NTs» .
'••--' ]
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
1C80 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. ;
UNIMPROVED.
; 7 ¦:. _____ - ]
Only $20 per foot; on Broadway; 200 feet deep;
an exceptional buy for a quick buyer.: ¦• '
$378^ — 40x120; elevated lot ; street work com- '
pleted; close to schools, cars. etc. ¦ ¦¦
L. T. ,
$600—50x100: street work complete; close to
Santa Fe. and San Pablo trains; worth
$1000. • . ,
$700— C5xlG0; very sightly location in Linda
Vista Terrace district; »trfe«t work com- |
plete ; 1 block to Oakland-ave. cars; fin* I 1
view and aurroundin*-. .-> V-\Vv. .- -
1037 ¦
$1000—33x132; on Vemon su, Adam. Point <
district; str«et work complete.
176 feet on San Pablo are.; must me sold; this '
is a snap ;.cffer» wanted.
87000—100x100; fine location for. flats: three-
! - minute walk to - Broadway : between Oth
and 12th sts., in the choice residence sec- '
lion.
IMPROVED.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
$2100 — New l^i-story cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; modern; lot 35x125: fine location;
cloce to schools, cars and Key Route
trains to Ean Francisco: very easy terms.
2202 . ¦ '
$2500—2 fine 5-room cottages; 4 rcoms and
• bath each; lots 25x100; close to 23rd-ave.
broad gauge local, schools and cars; now
rented; see these.
$2600 — New colonial house: 7 large rooms; fine
dining-room: modern In every detail; sun-
ny side; lot 35x106: close to schools, cars
and Key Route trains; fine view of Berke-
ley and Golden Gate; small payment down,
balance on easy monthly payments.
2C04— — — ' "''¦•'¦¦
$.600 — New colonial house; 7 rooms, bath. etc..
on a good corner on Telegraph ave.; lot
35x104; fine location and surroundings;
close to schools. ' cars. Santa Fa and Key
route trains to San Francisco; small cash
payment, balance same as rent.
q ___
$3750— Just being built— $3750.
A Swiss bungalow containing - en first
floor reception hall, parlor, dining-room,
library or den. kitchen, pantriea, etc. ;
I' upstairs three bedrooms, bath with all
the modern fixtures; two toilets, eras, and
electric lighting; the timings and mantels
can be made to suit the taste of pur-
chaser; this property Is within easy walk-
Ing distance of 14th and Broadway.
.HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, INC..
100O Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
ACREAGE VERY , SCARCE
ANYWHERE NEAR OAKLAND.
$3S3O — Four acres en electric lln» and will
soon front on direct Key route to 6. F.; will
subdivide Into 36 lots; fine modern. 2-story
building, store and flats of 5 rooms and bath;
insured for $2500; owner has mortgage- $2100;
selling at s bargain for quick sale; see this if
I you want acrtaare.
; $12,500— Lakeside district. *VcUl bargain;
1 extra fine street; coming boulevard; large lot;
[ 12 rooms furnished: stable; will sacrifice fur-
, nlture: bank mortgage $8000; If you want to
I buy. we have a seller..
j $0500 — A banker's home; original design: 8
j rooms; superb location: «hrubbertes galore;
I easy terms to responsible purchaser,
j $4350 — West V>f Broadway and Tenth; two-
' story, '9 rooms: extra lot. 5-"*xl65; fine gas «n-
! gine pumping plant: two ' tanks; barn; lot
worth price; bituminized street.
$3S50 offer considered, although It cost own-
er's father $6500: extra well built 2-sto/y
h'.uf-. 9 rooms; 50x150; East Oakland;' choic-
est neighborhood; mortgage $2200 forcing
sale.; owner wants money for other business;
rents $30 to prominent minister.
$3350 — Pair dwelling fiats. $ and 6 rooms
each; 40x120; choice location: always rented; !
8. F. service; Income Over $40 month. I
$3250 — Income $50 month; 4 dwellings; cor- {
ner; 76x75; fronting car line; near locals, cars, •
park. • • • ,-.-¦¦•,
J $2750— Pretty cottage. 6 rooms and bath: 46x
! 118: street wo/k complete; near Telegraph ave.
i and Key Roate.
$2500 — Sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
frescoed cove ceilings; 35x123; street work
complete: choice: near ear lines and schools.
$3100— Extta fine home, 7 and bath: 2 tol-
i lets: choice location; 3ust north of 27th st.: j
?1000 casbi owner refused leas* at $2S 50 j
rconth. '
$20u0 — Sunny cottage. 6 rooms and bath: 1
j frescoed ceilings; 2.1xl2O; rents $20; choice lo-
j cation: $300 cash, balance to stilt.
• $2250— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath:
j R0xl35: street work eomplete; near S. P. and
K?y route service: $150 down, ¦ balance $20 mo. I
$lf>00 — Modern cottage. ¦¦ 5 and bath; base- ;
ment: mantel; 60x100^ near Key route station. \
%\5£f — Plain house, •<? rooms: SOxl.Tl; Mreet j
wrrk complete; convenient to 40th-st. station.
$1150 — Ccttage, 5 rooms; 23x150; street work !
complete; choice location; near cars. and locals. [
$ICCO— 8nap If sold this week; 30th-st. cor-
ner; 60x123; 2-story; 8 rooms; Just renovated;
street work complete. -
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., .
400-462 8th st.. Oakland.
GILT EDGE
INSTALLMENT OFFERINGS
AND GENUINE BARGAINS
OF HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 214 SAN PABLO!
AVE. I
$250 cash and rental payments secure* an ar- J
tistlc brand new home bet. Grove st. and !
Telegraph ave., near Key Route, on large J
terraced lot tn select neighborhood. 1
$1750 — Easy terms for very comfortable ft-room j
cottage; Fourth ave., near Clinton station
$2300 — Very attractive cottage of 5 large rooms:
50x150; elevated: pretty garden; easy walk
* to train: mupt be sold.* ;
$2750— Beautiful fl-room home: strictly up- to- 1
- date; roomy lot: close to Key Route: only j
$35A cash. $27 CO per month; a golden op-
pcrtunity for some one.
$5800— Low price for a Btrictly modern 7-room {
residence: large terraced lot, near Tele- J
graph ave.: immediate possession; terms;
: an exceptional ,off erinsr.
BUILDING SITES.
jt.TSO — 50x133: near Key Route.
$CCO — 2t):fxl45; street work done; snap. -
$850— 34x100; on Boulevard et., near Key
Route.
$070 — lCflxSCO; double frontage; Fruitvale; big
sn?r. •
$1000 — 4Uxl45; Piedmont: work done; grand!
view: bargain. .1
$16C0 — iO-foot. Mtuth front; near Telegraph
ave. ani 25th st.1 snap. 1
$2000— 60x2*>2 (worth $2500): crown hill: can ,'
walk to Key Route Depot.
$7500— About 2 acres overlooking Piedmont |
Park; elegant surroundings: will exchange.
HARRY L. KOLCOMB. !
314 San P*blo ave. .
F. ' F. PORTER. -.; I
$3500— Factcry site of half block, on railroad
and water: an extraordinary barealti: bank .
mortgage $2150; will exchange equity.
$2150— 1-roora cctttre; barn; lot 50x100; en
T'-~ Route: value sure to advance.
$2750 — 7-room. beautiful wttare; lot 40x100: on
Linden st,. near Sixteenth: this ts a bar-
F^V.' PORTER. 466 Eighth st.. Oakland. J
— - — : — ~~ : -!
$37BO— MODERN residence. 9 rooms; good for '
renting rooms: only 3 blocks east of Broad- 1
way and near all trains and -electric lines.'
THE AI.DEN CO., 1203 Broadway. |
' ' ' • 1
$5100— FINE residence and grounds; ft rooms,
t etc.; Alice st.: bert bargain east or Broad-
• way. THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
BARGAIN TOR IMMEDIATE CASH.
Two very desirable lots; near Piedmcnt-ave.
station of Key Route ferry: only 30 minutes
. from fcan Francisco. Address Owner, box 1230,
I Call office, Oakland. . 1
, j ?o5C0— NEW hou«*. G rooms, bath, etc.: near'
1 Key route station. 875 37th st.. Oakland. 1
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. - 10 paces, sent to any address In the
United States^or Canada oni year for $1.
postage paid. ' ¦ ' • ~ -r
OAKLAND FURMSI1KI) MOUKKSJ , j
WALSWORTH ave., 410— $35; modern, new;
rare chance. Apply. at hrruse. -,,j
OAJK-AXJj^^^KX^JURK^-jFOR^ SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H.Sch«l!haas.llth st..cor.stora,Oakland.
A' WEEK'S ntws for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pa— s. In wrapper, for -laMlns^ tl per —a*
KILL VALLEY^ADV'BT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLBIT EBAL K8TATB.
TAKE a delightful trip to-day; go to Mill Val-
ley; see the lots right at the station we art
¦Belling to fast, ' • ---:..:. ,
Prices $4C0 to $900 each.
Terms. 1O per cent cash, balance $10 monthly.
All* the ilets are large: grand home sites
amidst pleasant surroundings; beautiful views
of mountain* and the, bay; the climate un-
tqualcd; splendid opportunity for an * invest-
ment; land values bound to Increase, as Mill
Valley la rapidly coming to the front: the nt«r
: electric . road has ¦ shortened the time 'to 40
t minutes, from this city; Mill Valley. has all
' the conveniences of the city; fine supply of pure
¦ mountain wattr. good sewerage and drainage.
; electric lights, store*, church* -s and schools,
i and In fact all • conveniences; lots beautifully
; wcodet). Send for our n«w Illustrated •. book
; descriptive of ; Mill .Valley. We have an office
open Sundays and holidays. I
LYON »"} HOAG, I
- 110 Montgomery st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1004
40
Cl/AIRVOYA^ITS—^Conttnur*.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He is no imitator. His work Is upon original
lines: Pure • thought, clear vision. He tails
you what you desire to know and works In the
open light.
He Is as conspicuous for his wonderful occult
analysis as he is .for his original expression
and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading; when
you call on Prof. Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $1; a test is of little
value; when the mind is troubled you need
more substantial aid and advice; this is just
what Prof. Livingstone gives you when you call
on him for a flrst-class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know. ¦
Would it not b« a relief to know how you
will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are troubling you. and of the schemes of
your enemies, that you may meet with better
success?
He does not mention all the Ills and misfor-
tunes you are heir to; you are acquainted with
the facts in your case; let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are troubling you,
find the cause ot the trouble and suggest the
remedy.
Ills only reason for giving your name In full
or. any Important Information you may desire
is that he does this Incidentally as a chain to
read by. •
PERMANENTLY LOCATED 428 EDDY ST.;
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
A— MME. DE CASTRO.
Clairvoyant and Palmist.
$2 Reading This Week SOc.
A positive guarantee to tell the past, pres-
ent and future; advice on alt affairs of life:
10 questions by mall $1; all troubles In life
consult roe. 2066 Market st.
ISMAR, Egyptian aeeress. The Yendotne, 1104
.Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
s. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: 'Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
SEE- page 32, ot a wonderful cure by ISMAR,
the Gypsy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la, 23c,
gents fiOc. 961 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 017 Market st.
MME. ODELLreturn-d; clairvoyant, card read-
er: tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 444J4 Jessie at., bet. 5th and 6th.
MADAME DEVAS, palmist and astrologer.
Llebes bldg.. 139 Poet st.
ELWINE BERSCH. 805% Mission St.. nr. 4th,
card reader and palmistry.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25o.
cents f.Oc. 545 Minna st.
MME. HERNANDEZ, wonderful palmist and
card reader. 421 Hyde st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
EDUCATIONAL.
E. R. ATRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management. Com-
bined course, $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day, evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723
Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 733 Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day. ev*g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. CoL with
us. R. H. WEBSTER, Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessluns; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Plt-
¦ man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtctty.24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
• vey. assay, cyanide; day^ ev. ; est. 1894. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SPANISH — My fourth successful year of
teaching. PROF. DOMINGO MAYA of
Madrid. 427 gutter st.
ARITHMETIC, algebra. bookkseptng.ahorthand;
day. "eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 • Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
YOUNG German wishes to learn English;
please state particulars. Box 3170. Call.
KENT Law School: day and night; send for
¦ t particulars. 636 Parrott building.
PROF. BAKER boxing school, open evening
from 7 to 10 p. m. at 121 Sixth st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bean
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. %
EMPLOYMENT n .P.FFICBS.___
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. TeL James B261.
A — ORFHEUM Employment Office-— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 3732.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4im O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. ; tel Bush 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 610 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman. Is a good cook and
laundress. In a private American family;
will go a short way In country; llkea chil-
dren; from $15 to $20; will give reference.
47 Shipley St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WIDOW with a small child wishes a position
. as housekeeper or manager of a business,
country preferred; respectable persons only
, need reply. Address or apply 306 Shot-
well et., San Francisco.
NURSE masseuse would like position to wait
on invalid, or would take confinement cases;
would not object to leaving city; references;
terms reasonable. Box 1495, Call.
HOUSEKEEPING by neat Eastern woman;
elderly; good cook; plain laundress; used to
children; city references; wages $12 to $13.
Call 232 Minna, st.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
surgical and confinements; references; rea-
sonable; careful, prudent, economical. Call
or address MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
- finements. Invalids; cheerful; painstaking;
moderate terms; references. MRS. KING.
917 Geary st. '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from East wishes a
few more families to work for; can guaran-
tee good fit and style; city references. 2S4SA
Mission st. -
YOUNG German woman wants houseeleaning
to do; $1 day. Address MRS. V.. 0 Bitch St..
off Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth, In rear,
top floor. .' , ~.*.> r
A— FRUIT picking wanted by small family
adults in country. 324 Mason »t., phone
BJack 2306. -
COMPETENT woman wishes position as house-
- keeper or manager of some business. Box
2637, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants work by day, house,
cleaning, $1 50 per day. Address House -
cleaner, 016 Howard st. ~
WORK by the day or any kind of cleaning or
taking care of children by the day; sleep
home. Box 2694, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position (or
general housework In small family. Address
1620 Stockton st. J-*,.--,
AMERICAN woman, has a child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason st.; phone
Black 2306.
A STENOGRAPHER, typewriter, present em-
ployed, desires to change; office work, etc.;
references: wages $6 week. Box 1486. Call.
AN experienced housekeeper, with a boy 8
years old. will go to the country. Address
box 1476. Call, for five days.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Box 2633,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants cook-
ing and. light housework. $20 to $25. Box
1471. Call office.
LADY desires • position as lady's companion
and assist with light housework for room
and board. 4517 Eighteenth st.
LADY would like sewing by the day. Address
:;, 832 Turk St.. basement.
COMPETENT, middle-aged woman wishes po-
. sltibn as housekeeper. 23 > 4 Sixth st. -
EMPLOYMENT WASTEP-FEMALa^
FRENCH lady wishes plain sewing at home,
mending: neat hand sewer: has a gooa sew-
ing machine. Box 1408. Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing.
Ironing or housecleanlng. $1 23 a day ana
car fare. Box 1473. Call office.
REFINED middle-aged woman desires poa'tlcn
as housekeeper in refined house, not mow
than two; country preferred. Box 1497. Call.
LADY .would take charge of housekeeping or
rcomingr-house; good references; «xperlencea.
Box 3153. Call office. ¦
A GERMAN woman; good cook and neat
worker: $30-$.*S5; country; no washing. Box
1479. Call office.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper desires a position a»
assistant: permanent or substitute; best or
references. Box 3180. Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing.
Ironing and houaecleanlng; $1 50 a day. Box
3182. Call office.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day.
washing, sweeping or dusting; Monday,
Thursday. Friday. 137 Ninth st.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day*
washing -sweeping o r dusting. Monday.
Thursday aad Friday. 137 Ninth st.
YOXJNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper or care of invalid: competent;
no triflers need apply. 517 Jones st.
SWEDISH woman wants daily work washing
and cleaning. Address MRS. HUGHES. 27
. Lisbon at.
MUSIC teacher wants situation In private
school. MISS STANLET, box 2179. Call
branch. 2200 Flllmor* st.
' LADY'S nurse wishes situation: gentle, kind;
Invalid case preferred. Box 2179. Call branch.
2200 F II! more st.
POSITION as manicurist. 1830 Ellis et.
WANTED— Plain sewing to do at home. 2031
Pclk st.
YOUNG girt wants work at house-cleaning.
Box 1441. Call. -
LADY wants washing by day. Box 2940.
Call office.
A YOUNG woman would like work by th«
day. Address box 1470. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wants worlc In a small
restaurant; references. 23V» Sixth at.
WOMAN 1 wants day cooking. 1075 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED woman cook for commercial
lunch house. Box 2608. Call office.
, WANTED — A position as washerwoman. Call
or address MRS. KELLY. 2004 Pupont st.
POSITION as seamstress In private family.
Address box 1439. Call office.
I AMERICAN woman wants any kind eX work
by tha day; references. 23*-j Sixth at.
WOMAN wants work by the day. $1 CO and
car fare. Box 1449, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of children
during vacation. 1543 Fifteenth are.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer
with a mercantile firm. Box 1142. Call offlo».
A YOUNG woman wants a position as house-
keeper; has a little girl. Box 3104. Call.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier ta
restaurant. Address S. C, box 1439. Call.
SITUATION' as servant. Box 1484. Call.
SITUATION as nursegirl. Box 1484, Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work for Tues-
daya. Call or address MRS. H.. 219 Tenth st.
A LADY wishes a position as a housekeeper.
961 Howard st.
I EXPERIENCED German lady cook wants worlc
| In the city or country. Box 1415, Call office.
PROOFREADER and reviser wishes worlc
Box 3150. Call office.
A SWEDISH cook and laundress desires work;
family. Address box 3112. Call.
A COLORED woman wants a place to work
4 hours a day; $7 week. Call 1137 Pacific st.
WANTED — By reliable girl, position as
chambermaid. Address 405 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by com-
petent woman. Box 1473. Call office.
YOUNG lady wants position as hat trimmer.
Box 315C, Call office.
WOMAN wants housework. 1714 Howard st.
¦ A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by th»
day; references. Address 843 Mission st.
ELDERLY lady wishes plain sewing. Box
3158, Call office.
A POSITION as stenographer. Box 3165, Call
office.
A STRONG woman wishes work by the day as
housecleaner. Box 3175. Call office.
GIRL wants position for light housework. • Ap-
ply Church and Duncan sts.
WANTED by colored woman to go out or take
washing home. 377 Natoma st., upstairs.
LADY will care for children during day. In-
quire 313 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Position as managing housekeeper.
Box 31S3. Call office.
GIRL desires position In candy and Ice cream
parlor. Box 31S5. Call office.
COOK wants position In country. Apply 102S
Golden Gate ave.
LAUNDRESS with references wants position
by the day. 1S25 Lacuna st.
MILLINERY to order; bats retrlmmed. 40T
Van Ness ave.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 24 Caat9
St.. between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
WOMAN wants to do sewing. 2932 Sixteenth at.
WANTED— A position with an lavaJSd gentle-
man who requires good service and close at-
tention; well trained in nerrousneasi and rheu-
matism, also handling commercial paper*.
etc; references exchanged. Box 2681. Call.
SWEDISH woman, willing to work, wla&ei a,
tew hours' work by the day. S33 CalUorai*
ava., doT.n.tairs. .l*.r
A SWEDISH girl wants position ta do general
housework; wages 125. Call at 41 Clara, st.
"WOMAN wants work, washing, mending aaa
sewing at home. 6 Hog ave.
WANTED — Position at second* work In a small
Jewish family by respectable young woman.
Address box 2685. Call office.
GERMAN woman would like a position la a
bakery. Box 1416. Call office.
Japanese; girl wants «. position t» «o puia
cooking and housework. S34 Castro at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MAUD.
GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly com-
petent In all branches of horticulture; un-
der glass and outside; 8 years In last posi-
tion; with best of recommendations. Box
1451. Call office. * - " *
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller. 18 years' experience' tnlnJnr,
stationary, marine, power plants, factorlea,
wants position or work at home. Box 31*1.
Call office. '2 _*
A NON-UNION English-American wishes
place as steward, butler. Jaj-Utor or waiter,
or In any other like capacity; thoroughly un-
derstands his business; reasonable wages, ex-
pected. Box 3174. Call office.
FLOOR manager; position on floor by experi-
enced dry goods man; thoroughly under-
stands department store work: up-to-date oa
system: best references. Box 3113. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, trustworthy man wishes po-
sition In rooming-house as clerk or bed-
maker; experienced; references. Box 3167
Call office. * '
PARTY desires position as wholesale agent for
line of millinery or ladies* goods In Califor-
nia, Oregon and Washington. Call or address
314 Post st. . • .
NURSE (male) fequires) position; graduate
training school: 8 years* experlenoe; mental
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman, sober, steady, un-
derstands hl» business, want* work: $3 dav
Box 14S5. Call office. **
A SOLICITOR, thoroughly experienced. 3Z
•Ires position with wholesale grocery house,
to sell on commission; references and -bonds.
Box 1477. Call office.
A FIRST-OLASS hotel steward; thoroughly
experienced; American and European plan-
best of references; Eastern and California
houses. Box 3154. Call office.
BY traveling salesman with 20 years' success-
ful experience In all parts of thei United
states; open, for engagement: reference. Box
Jlil. Call office.
A PAINTER, paper-hanger, and tlnter will
work very reasonable: tools furnished; refer-
•PWk Zlht. • M0RRIS - 12 " Gc *ry •*•? J*one
A STRONG young man desires position as an
apprentice in a blacksmith shop. So* 0101.
<-All oiaca.
CHCRCIt SERVICES. J
CRACE rburrh. California et., corner cf Stock-
ton — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Celebra-
tion of holy communion. S a. in.: litany,
second celebration. 11 a. m.: wnr.on i>y
Right Rev. SJun^y C. Partridge. U.D.. Mis-
sionary liishop ot Kyoto, oatrtoiy. "Lovely
Appear" (Gounoii). MonlMy festival eervlce,
7:45 p. m.: musio by the vested choir. Ad i
dress by the rector, organist and cho!r- j
tna«ur, V.ll!ia.-u JI. Holt. ' ;
TRINITY Chuich. Bush and 'Gotigh ets. — Rev.
Frodrriek \V <namp*tt. D.D.. rector: holy
communion 7:30 aad II a. m.: Sunday-
school a:.10; morning eervlce and holy com-
munion 11 a ntu; evening service 4 p. m.
Rev. James Hulme. minister in charge, will (
preach at bcth ecrvlces. You are heartily
invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack- '
pon end Fiilmore rts. — Rev. John HemrhiH. '
1). D.. pastor. Mcrnlng service at 11 o'clock; ,
eermon tci»ic. 'The Problem of the Centu-
ries." In the evening at 7:45 o'clock there
wi'.l be a Patriotic Praise tervice. with brief
address by the pastor. Sabbath school at
*:30 a. m., orchestral music. Christian En-
deavor rneetlns ct C:30 jj. m. i'rayer mevt-
!ng Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are corJiaJly invited.
FIRST Preibyt^rian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento St.. Rer. William Kirk i
Guthrie, rat-tcr — Services, 11 a. m., sermon :
br the pastor, at 7:45 p. m. the services ;
will be conducted by President L. M. Out's- j
ton of Claflin University. Oranpeburg. S. C, i
and his Quintet of colored Jubilee singers. .
Sabbath school, 9:40 s. m. Christian En- •
oeavor. 6:C0 p. m. Wednesday, 8 p. m., j
midweek eon-ice. All ar« cordially invited. |
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page ets. — Rev. Herbert E.
Hays, paster. Mominir service at 11 o'clock.
F+rrnon by Herbert 1Z Hay*. Theme. "A
True Christian the Best Patriot." Evening
eervlce at 7:43. Sermon by Herbert E. Hay*.
Theme •'The Atonement a Necessity." Sun-
day school at 0:*ri a. m. Christian Endeavor.
«5:45. I > ra.yer meeting every Wednesday
evening. Pastor's residence. 063 Waller st.
THIRD Cornprgationa! Church. Fifteenth St..
near Mission— Rev. Mr. Kirtland will preach
mcrning a.r.4 evening: Sunday-school at 12:30;
<~hnsUan UnJeavor Societies at usual hours.
Mid-rreek prayer electing at 7:45.
UNITARIAN Church vKirst). SVV. corner
Gfary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
I.eavitt. lnlniMer. Junior church and Sun-
day school are at 10 o'clock. Sunday service
is at 11 oclock. No services during July.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission «t.. between
Mxth and Seventh — The pastor. Rev. George
W. Whit*, v.ill preach tit both services to-
day. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Sunday-«»hcv-.l at 12:45. Rolla V. Watt super-
intendent. Young ••eople'e meeting* at 6:15.
Church !? within easy access of all downtawn
hotels. Good mutic. Spats free.
SIMP.SON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Ha ye* and Buchanan fts..
Rev. John Stephens, pastor — Public worship
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. The pastor will
preach at both senireg. Patriotic service in
the evening, with special music. Sunday
eohool at 12:30 p. in.. C B. Perkins super-
intendent. Epworth League at ti:45 p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
lia>on tts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., :
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11 :
a m., topic. "The Chief- Place"; reception
of members and Holy Communion. At 7:45
p. m.. topic, "A Natlon'6 Ideals Shown In
Her Rulers." All are cordially Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. 325 Eddy et.— Rev. H.
W. Davis, religious work director of the Y. :
M C. A., this city, will preach at 11 a. ra.
and 7:30 p m.: Bible school at 12:?<> p. ra.;
Christian Endeavor Societies at 6:30 p. m.;
mid-week prayer service Wednesday. 7:45
P. m. : all are cordially Invited to the above
cervices; eeat* free. j
FIKST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Life." Sunday
school for children at the same hour; ;
Wednesday ever.ir.g meeting at 8 o'clock;
tree reaUing-room. 2O«5 Kearny St., rooms '
609-CTO: all are welcome. !
THS Colored Jublle* Singers of the Claflin
University. Orangeburg. S. C, will furnish
the n-iUflc for the mass meeting for men only
at the Young Men's Christian Association
THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock:
Mr. C. W. Janes, general secretary of the
Young Men's Christian Association In San
Jew. will *i • ak on the theme "Men Want-
ed." All men are cordially invited to attend :
this meeting. i
THE Theosophioal Society— Col. H. S. Olcott. !
founder. Headquarters, Academy of Sciences
building Sl» Market st. Public lecture at 8
p. m. by W. C Sh*rard. Subject. "Man
and Kls Relation to Things." Lotus Group,
11 a. m. Study class. Thursday, 2:30 p. m. j
MEETINGS SUKDAT. * j
DR. SIMMONS will give readings, also treat- i
menta through spirit power, 10 to 4. 1260 i
Howerd st.. corner Ninth. ;
TV. <J KEEGAN holds test stances every night >
except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth St. •
MP.S. STODDARD'S seances, select. 23c; full ]
circle readings and tests; Sun.. Tues. 278 8th. j
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister st.— Mrs. C. j
J. Meyer; sit. daily; test* to all every ev. ; 10c. .
Mrs. Ilarlancjs circles, eve. 10c: 145 Sixth;
res-d dally; ladies ques. cir. Wed. 2pm 25c
TESTS. WO MarkPt: 2. Herbert. Von Walt; 8,
Mrs. Dixon. Akers, Dr. Cowan. Collins; 10c :
SUNDAY LECTURES. J
A. COURSE of lectures by Professor J. M.
Bain, the New York radium expert, is an-
nounced. Subject. "The Wonders of Ra-
dium and Its Power in Curing Disease," be-
ginning 8 o'clock Tuesday evening, July 5,
at Studio Hall, 217 Powell st.. next to St.
Francis Hotel. Admission free.
O. N. ORLOW. lecture this (Sunday) evening,
In Golden Gate Hall (upper). €29 Sutter St..
At 6 o'clock sharp, the topic presenting.
"Legends From India."
Instrumental and vocal solos. Admission free.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS lectures to-night !
at 8. Carmen's Hall. 310 CFarrell: "Social-
ism and Spencerian Evolution" ; special col- ,
lection for our case In Supreme Court; next
Sunday, "Soclalltsm and Darwinism."
LENA MORROW LEWIS lectures Thursday.
8 p. m., in Turk-st. Temple, "Crime and
Criminals"; recital by B. P. Ober. "Shamus
. O'Brien"; free.
MEETING NOTICES.
OFFICERS and members of Court Oc- y ; sj
ddental No. €C76. A. O. F.. are no-
tifled to assemble at parlors of r-T
• ~ Bunker & Lunt, 2CCC Mission st, on /at
EUNDAY. July 3. at 1:30 p. m. V£>
sharp to attend funeral of our late brother.
P. C. R.. JOS. MOSCROP. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. By order of
GEO. A. ROWLAND. Chief Ranger.
GEO. FRIEDEMAJCN. Fin. Sec.
MODERN Woodmen of Amerlcs,Good- V***'^
fellowship Camp 1»C33, M. W. of A I v*y 1
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at I*X^
Fraternity Hall. SCO Market Et.. San |T»'7
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS, V.C.
J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 6T
* Emma Spreckeis building/ .
HIBERNIANS— The annual Fourth cf s, ja,
July celebration of the A. O H In Tv^«
A, will be held at Schuetzen Park. \kv\J
Kan Rafael. July 4. 1904; $750 in eAi«
ITi . z<^ ** mn . Jumping, running. *sV^Er
2Mii 3 DR ;, Athletic events open to
Sh s .. Vi, si!ver lneda - 1 » for amateurs.
»*rVrS2 1 S a^^T^ancin 0 / S^
Isaars&aagg &dmieaioa « *"*-
BURNABT Lodge No~li£ 7TT"
Sons of St. G«orge — Mem- J^iS/^f
btrs are hereby notified to05/KK"*Y
attend the Tuneral of our-<LJtr*x 18^"^
late brother. O. D. HUR-^/^^Vt^^
ErON. at the undertaking 1\ ¦"*?&•-<•»>
parlors cf Jiaccn & Co \- \5S~Z J*>
*:i Thirteenth St., rear Va- w. f«5-%gS%fe
lesrla, at 10 •' m. TO- W
DAY. Ifiterment. Moant Olivet.
n J Arnr- v TI i° S - WOOD - Prudent.
K. J. AIREY. Secretary.
EH ELL MOUND Park. Berlc«lrv «_.
MONDAY. July 4. 1904. the twe£
ty-third grand annual gathering >VTt$?
and tames. Scottish Thistle Club! *s3?«r
The greatest exhibition of Scottish and other
* p^n*. * X "L beror * »"n«scd on this coast
participated In by the greatest athleteTof
the world. Games tor all nationalities^ open
to all comers. Introduction of new featured
Three thousand collars In caeh crises. £' I
. eides handsome and costly medals for 'ama-
teur events. Don't fall to wltners the ir*lt '
Irtah Jig and reel and Cakewalk £„££
The amusing obstruction, three-leered «r.<i
sack ractt-j beautiful and Picturesque Hlgh-
. land dancJnc by expert men. women and
children, erclting bicycle and foot raws
great challenge tug-of-war contest. Clan Era-
ser vs. Thistle Club, special event for 3 p
m.; dancing in both pavilions throurhout ih*
«l!re day and eight; msgnlficen? «StaV«
fireworks In the evening. Let everybody
cotr.e. Amusements In abundance for all
Mutic by nr«-c!sM bands and corps of Dlt>I
*rs. Aaialrclon to the park, adults (daVT
60 cents, (n'cht) 23 cents: children (day) «s
EcerU. (night) 10 cents. Parties In Highland
costume udmiued to park free. Buy your
ferry tickets for Sihdl Mound. Great High-
land welrorr.* fcr all.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
HE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July IS. 19C4, at 4 o'clock p m
whea a board of trustees will be elected "
C. C. HOLBBOOK, Secretary.
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBSBSaSltaBSBBBISKBBiaBKu. " ¦
I-onGINR HOUSE* FOR SALE^-Con.
MARION GRIFFm,
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
Eleven rooms; brand new furnishings; house
Just painted, inside and out. and freshly pa-
pered; thoroughly respectable: good downtown
location; bargain. . MARION GRIFFIN.-
Twelve rooms, on Pest st. ; splendid location;
house is like private home; large yard; offered
very cheap If sold soon; see thls.V
j • MARION GRIFFIN.
Some good houses, large and small, for
exchange. •
Office building; all rented: clears $90 month;
very expensively furnished; everything new; 0-
year lease; for the same money no piece of
real estate In San Francisco would return one-
half the Interest this chattel property will
yield. • MARION GRIFFIN.
The grandest 80-room apartment-house, in
San Francisco; every room light and sunny;
modern in all particulars; private baths with
every suite; tastefully and elegantly furnished:
everything of the best: ,Iong lease; cheapest
rent in the city for house of similar character;
suitable terms; a bargain. For sale exclusively
by MARION GRIFFIN.
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONET?
If so get full particulars at office of one of
the best 40-room transient houses In S, F. ;
located in heart of most respectable transient
district; you are sure to make $200 to $300
net profit monthly and $3250 Is all we ask.
LOOK AT THIS.
18 rooms; fine double bay-window house; well
furnished; clearing $CO per month: price only
$C00; actually worth and should sell for $1000.
. 130-room hotel: 9-year-Iease at only $5 per
room; new and modern In every detail; ele-
gantly and substantially furnished; monthly
profits average over $500; buy now and be pre-
pared to take care of the great crowds that are
sure to winter here.
CALL at our office; 1000 hotels and lodging-
houses to select from; we guarantee titles.
MARION GRIFFIN.
A ROOMING-house for sale near Powell and
Ellis; 44 rooms; rent $200; lease, etc. Box
1481. Call office^ . -
16-ROOM house for sale cheap because of ac-
cident. 760 Sixth ave., near Chutes.
15 ROOMS: rent $57 60. 421 Hyde st. Room-
ing-house for sale; furnished.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 303 Market St.; phones Main* 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-367 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission) 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
- 333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main! 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
OLOTHHTQ BENOVATUO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
coi.i.EC'nqw orpiCES.
BAl? Uenants ejected for $4; collections made;
dtyVir country. Pacific Collection Co.. 416
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main 6580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$1z2lio^T*Oo'Ms'1^"Da^
furnished. 137 Julian ave., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
NEW sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 14S
Cllpper;rent$25. Apply Manhattan Hotel,r.3O.
CUBES BUPTUHE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st. ; send for circular.
pENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— C^mJoiTbreak;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 60; fillings, 60c;
Plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental larlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Kleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR KNOX dentist, now located at the
Grant building, 1095 Market, 2d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low prices. -
'Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Buah —
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr., 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. eurgeon-dentlst.rl4, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c; sliver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Suttr.
DRESSaiAKERS *£J* SE AarlS'TytESSES
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery 8chool.
Leading system- of dresscutting.
Leading millinery course.
Leading patterns room. . _"."'
1019 MARKET ST., ABOVE 6th.
MISS CAMPBELL. 779 Bush St., phone Black
29S9— Swell gowns, coats and shirtwaist suits;
work guaranteed; prices reasonable.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking or will go out;
$2 per day. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint I486.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
SPIRITUALISM.
SEE page 32 of a wonderful cure by ISMAR,
the Gypsy.
MRS. J; J. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, - business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market »t.. Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c; 619
McAllister; private readings daily, 760 Cen- j
trai ave., 7th st. station, Alameda.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, licensed medium;
seance for full forms Sun. eve.. 60c. 32S'EUIs.
DO you wish to develop medlumshlp In person
or mall courae? Box 2631. Call office.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you .will marry, in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. in. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 .Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life' correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
' occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
I discontented I or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult . this great medium and you will be told
"how to overcome thrfmrr valuable, advice In
all affairs of life:" 20c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. lilack 45G9.
MRS. GENTRY, famous divine healer, clair-
voyant, palmist, business medium: fortunes
told correctly; dreams Interpreted: flow of
blood stopped Instantly: cures fits, rheuma-
tism, St. Vitus dance, dropsy and almost any
ailments and afflictions: will give names of
- p-ople she has cured in the Mission; consul-
tation free; consult this endowed woman and
, be made well .and happy; treatments and
readings by - mail ; at home every day and
'evening. 2725 Mission st.." between 23d and
2Uh. 8. F.. Cal. Phone Church 762. ..-."¦
A — Miss M. Wllle. 830 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
v tal seer and life reader,. will tell you exactly
*. what you called for without asking j a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to S.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
. reader; when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. O.O.a\-e. Tel.Larktn 4207.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 20c up. 835 Howard, bet.4thd.5Lh.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Centtnaed.^
A— CAMERON & CO. -Phone South 1050.
. 8 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; line chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for huusekeeplng; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets: closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
l»eople over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. •¦.¦•- ... ::V-:Z'-'-\
FOR sale or trade — Quarts mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hee. or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR tale — Electrical and iocxsmith business:
central location; established 9 years; rent
' $30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. ;^
FOR exchange— Lot, 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything flrst-class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house. 8. F.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
SALOON. 7 furnished rooms, corner, s> snap,
51100.
Delicatessen, receipts $18 dally. 8 furnished
rooms, $550.
Rooming-house, 16 rooms, clearing $125, cor-
ner, J500.
6-rcjom furnished flat, rent $25, $150.
Partner, commission office, a snap, $160.
Grocery and bar, large stock, owner 9 years,
$2000.
Branch bakery, opp. school. < living rooms,
5200. • .
Rooming-house. 15 rooms, clears $160. $1100.
Restaurant, clears $300, N. Market, owner
9 years, $1500.
; Restaurant, receipts $40 dally, a snap. $500.
Saloon. Market St.. a snap. $2760.
6-room flat, oak furniture, no. rent. $225.
Lady partner, manufacturing business. $1600.
E. McNULTY. 750 Market St., room 14.
CANDY and notion store for sale in Ala-
rtieda; close to public school; good trade.
Address box 1499, Call office.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $90 a month; price $250. 632
Market, room 6. ¦
FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average $22 dally. Box 1482, Call office.
FOR SALE— A good paying hotel In Hay-
wards. Box 3575. Call office.
WANTED — Good lodging-house in exchange for
paying coffee-house. Box 3201, CalU
FOR SALE— Grocery store In East Oakland.
Box 2697. Call office.
GROCERY store In Oakland for sale; good lo-
cation. Particulars box 1464. . Call office.
PARTNER— Lady or gentleman, to Invest $2500
In etock ranch. Address box 1459, Call.
CANDY and Icecream business in best town
north of S. F.;. bargain. Box 1408, Call.
Al BUSINESS for sale at less than cost. Ap-
ply 227 Starr King building.
SNAP— Income for life from investment of
5200 u». Box 3300, Call office.
Investigate — Biggest snap, surest Investment
ever offered; pay from start. Box 3176, Call.
CANDY stores; your choice of three good
stores;, cheap rents; with rooms. 328 Hayes.
$700 3"O Invest with services In milk business;
good trade hustler. Address box 3100. Call.
HERE is a chance to make money at home;
send $2 to S. H. STUART. 415 San Pablo
ave., Oakland, and learn how to make mir-
rors (looking-glass), bore holes In glass, cut
glass in any shape without diamond or steel
wheel; right in your own town: this is a
money-maker: satisfaction guaranteed.
DO you wish to Invest $200, with services;
money secured; $65 month. 1221 Market st.,
room 1.
FOR tale — Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars Inquire
600 Third et., S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 1226.
Call office. Oakland. ' ; ,
FOR sale — Fine grocery, also liquors; parties
going East. Corner Duncan and Guerrero.
$350 — DAIRY and delicacy store, with living
rooms. Apply 379 Hayes st. " , .
PAPER route for sale; 600 - subscribers. Ap-
ply news agent. Point Richmond.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAl.B.
A, CAMERON & CO.; Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy, st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
S2 rooms: cheap rent: 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition in city; price $3200.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $360.
10S rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming- house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the bouse; other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departure.
IS rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city. - .
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must . leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fin* little apart*
xnent-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.'
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $67; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $260 to $400 per
month; call for partloulars.
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10. years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145 :' new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; .fine proposition;
good lease. ; •¦
180 rooms; grand, new,, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
.- 28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
¦» Large list of . real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange or trade, always on
'hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3- Eddy st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent... 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country -transient.. 6000
81 rooms, rent only $55 S00
.V 40 rooms, rent $70. transient. 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room ............ 8400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITE1.. & CARROLL. 212 ' Kearny st
MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market st. - .
¦ If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to sel-e«t from, try ;
MITCHELL A CO.
A— $5C00; LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kept
/.by owner 25 years; rent $200; lease; fine fur-
niture; place clearing above $360 per month;
vicinity Market and Kearny sts. Box 2700,
Call office. --••¦•-¦¦- •-'
45-ROOM corner house; $128 rent; steady and
transient trade; my falling health only cause
of selling; : investigation desired. -Box 2699,
Callofflce. ' ,?.,'
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; . 27 / rooms; all
, light- and sunny; ' fine location; rent $110.
.; Box 1412, Call office. ¦,' , .; ;-..v ¦;-/
LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms, for - sale; pays
:: $75 . per month over expenses;, full all the
_, time. ,\ Box ; 2CC3. Call : of flee. ,.
GOOD paying lodging-house. -32 rooms, for
'£-. sale;, low. rent\. Box 3581, Call office.
9 ROOMS, bath; well furnished; paying good
Income. ¦ 535 O'Farrell St., from 2 to 4. :. - •¦<
j MEETING NOTICES — Continued. |
MISSION Lodge No. 109, F. and A. ' e
M. — Officers and members are hereby W
notified to attend the funeral of our /V>
deceased brcth*r.^ALEXANDER RID-
" DOCK, from the hall of this lodge. MON-
! DAY AFTERNOON at 1:30 o'clock. Ky
order of the W. M.
j n. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
' YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, |
: I. O O. P.— At meetirg THUItS- A-X^S^gi I
DAY EVENING, 'July 7* we 5
celebrate our 61st anniversary; *»w*iW*'
also Installation of officers for the ensuing
term. Members are earnestly requested to
attend. By order r dorr> £ Q
CHAS. A, WISEWELL. Rec. Sec.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F. JgtaOa^T
' Installation TUESDAY EVEN-J(^^
ISCi, July 5. Members are re- "*??<S*jGSE*'.*
i quested to attend. Visiting '^9*^
brothers cordially Invited. > ¦••* ¦-''<'¦•'¦•
W. R. LINDSAY. N. G.
H. - J. E. VAUPEL. Recording Secretory.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 20. I. O.
O. v.— Kunsral detail asKemble£Oa33S82gj
THUS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON ;^^gPF
at 1:30 to attend the funeral of
our late brother. G. F. Danielson.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
BOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
\ Secretary. New York, June 15. 1804. Notice
, to ftockhblders.
! To the Stockholders of , Southern Pacific
. Company:
; Notice Is hereby given that the board of
! directors of the Southern Paclflo Company
' at • a meeting this day held, called a special
' meeting of the stockholders of said company
to convene at the office of the company in
Beechmont, Jefferson County, Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day of July, 1904, ;
at 11 o'clock a. m., standard time, to consider
and act upon resolutions to be brought before
them at «ald meeting !n substantially the i
form and to the effect following, viz: ;
•¦P.esolved (1). that the capital stock of the '
Southern Pacific Company be Increased one
hundred million dollars by issuing one million
additional shares of the par value cf one hun- >
dred dollars each." • i
"Resolved (2). that the raid Increased stock
tball bo preferred stock; that the holders of |
cuch preferred ftock vhall be entitled to divi- '.
dends In each fiscal year at such rato. not ex- !
ceedlng seven per cer.t per annum, payable I
t-rrr.l-arnuaUy out of the net profits, as shall
Le declsred by the board of directors, before
sny dividend shall be declared on the common
stock; that such dividends shall be non-cumu- :
lative: that the hollers of such preferred stock
•>hall not by virtue thereof be entitled to any ;
other or further share of the profits of the
company: that, upon the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
of preferred Hock shall be entitled to have
their shares redeemed at par before any dis-
tribution of any part of the assets of the com- i
pany shall be made to the holders of the com- '
mon stock; that said preferred stock ehall be
Issued and sold from time to time to such
amounts and in such manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine, but
at not less than the" par value of the shares; :
thst It shall be convertible Into common stock.
share for share, at the option of the holders,
at any time: and shall be redeemable at the •
cption of the company on or at any time after '
th* first day of July, 1905, and before the first i
: day of July. 1910. at one hundred and fifteen i
dollars per share." |
"Resolved (3), that the board of directors ¦
. ehall be and they arc hereby authorized to es- '
tabllsh. from time to time, and enforce all
such rules and regulations respecting the is-
sue. sale, redemption and conversion of such '
' nock, not Inconsistent herewith, as In the '
' Judgment of the board may be necessary or j
expedient." I
For the purpose of such special meeting the
'• etock transfer books of the company will be
closed July 14, 1904. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday, July 21, 1904. at 10 o'clock ;
a. m. /
ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary and Clerk.
ADOPTION. j
GOOD home In Berkeley for girl. 10 to 14 '
years; board and room $10 per month; might :
adopt. Box 1232. S. F. Call office. Berkeley.
i IDEAL home open for a girl baby and a fine '
boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR. E. i
I FUNKE. 1410 Eighth st., Alameda. |
AGENTS^VANTED. I
A WONDERFUL business offer— $50 to $150 j
per week and upward positive; we want rep- '
resentatlves everywhere to operate sales
parlors for the best, most attractive, rapid
selling ladies' and gents' dress shoe known;
ten new, remarkable, sight-selling health
j and comfort features; factory to consumer;
! previous experience unnecessary; no risk;
reply quick. Kushlon Komfort Shoe Co.,
1233 Broadway. Oakland. Ca3.
. DO you want workT Ladles or gentlemen; no '
canvassing ar soliciting; no time from regu-
; lar occupation; no one need know you are
my representative; no money, outfit cr ex-
! perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
i profitable work can be done home; for In-
! formation, address J. W. KIDD. 6025 Baltes
j block. Fort Wayne. Ind.
j AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
: sery stock; liberal commieslon; cash advanced |
on orders; outfit free; experience and capital
Dot necessary if you have push and energy; <
a few choice fields still open; write before I
i assigned. Chico Nursery Co.. Chico. Cal. j
i ANY man or woman of good address can !
i make good Income by investment of energy
i and Intelligence; openings In San Francisco
and throughout California; state what you
have been doing; especially good for B. & L.
agents. Address box 1452. Call office.
BUSINESS getters, acquainted with B. and
; L. insurance or co-operative Investments, I
: looking for betterment, call and soe me. I
j McGARVIE. 63 Columbian bldg.,916 Market. I
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
_ ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS — Cardboard signs; up to date designs;
in all lines of business; good profit; t ample
¦ free. R. H. ROY3, Railway Exchange.
Chicago.
MONEY in mushrooms; cheaply grown In cel-
lars, gardens, etc.; free booklet. Dept. 20,
Eastern Importing Co.. Brighton, Mass.
EXPERIENCED man of ability will find It
; advantageous to accept a position with us as
j an ag-nt. Box 3195. Call offlce.
WANTED — Good hustlers- for powerful com-
pany to place contracts. Call Callaghan bldg.,
room D14. 1312 Market st.
DETECTIVES throughout State as agents for
Golden Gate Detective Agency. 759 Market St.
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. *
G. W. HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: no pay In advance; mining com-
panies organized; patents obtained; wills, deeds
collections; detectives employed. '
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all c&ses. general court and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. 13
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
soldiers, rallors, widows and orphans on Pa-
clCc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law business; no charge unless suc-
cetsful; open evenings. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce • costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law r business ;. office
oren Saturday evenings. 810 Market st-.T. 33.
! L. S. CLARK. 027 Market sth consultation
I free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
atttomobii.es.
AUTOMOBILES-Uvery, garage and sales-
rooros: automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or sell second-
hand machines. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine. Phone South 702
Pacific States Automobile Co.. 217 Ellis st. /
AUTOMOBILE for sale cheap; 3-seater: car-
ries nine persons or more; 25 horsepower; in
perfect order. For particulars Inquire of W
J. WEATHERLY. 20 Fremont st.
WHITE touring car, used a few weeks; com-
plete, top. clocks, gas lamps, etc.; must be
eold; owner leaving. Apply 813 16th. Oakland.
MUST sell; automobile In perfect running or-
der; a bargain; owner leaving. Central Park
Automobile Co.. 11S5 Market st.
IF you desiro either a steam or gasoline auto-
mobile at a bargain, small or large, answer
box 1457. Call office." ¦ •
WANTED — - Second-hand gasoline runabout*
"Oldsmobile" preferred; must be cheap- full
1 particulars. Address P. O. box 212. Oakland.
FOR sale— White steam Stanhope In perfect
order; $6C0. Box 3173. Call office.
AUTOMOBILE for sale (Dos a Dos); good run-
ning condition. , Box 1411. . Call office.
AN auto car. 8 h. p.. for eale; flrst-class or-
der. Box 3576. Call office. .
T^«¥ A f. tonneau car (gasoline) for eale. Box
»613, Call office.
FOR SALE— A Crest mobile. 1904 (gasoline).
Box 1475. Call office.
r 9. R ,, SALlE ~ A gasoline runabout. Box 1492.
Call office. i
ICNOX automobile for sale; good running or-
der. Box 2e00. Call office.
WILL sell an Oldsmobile in good order for
$350. Box 1435. Call office.
FOR BALE— Cadillac automobile with tonneau-
pnee $500. Box 1455, Call office. :-; ' "°, . '
j FOR CADILLAC; canopy top; scats 4-
1 perfect condition. Box 2683, Call. ' ,
¦
I . - . ,---..'.- - ASTHMA BEMEDT.
A. Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly: IQo. 25c. 50c. ¦ 1002 Market. St. Nicholas.
_^ BOOKS. _._ '
THE book of the period; the novel of the cen- !
tury:Th«» Deilcious Life-saving Klss;byV>rus
ras^ander: ¦ to be published in the United
: States and the United Kingdom on July 4,
1(K14 (on that day in honor of the cordial
friendship between the two great and glorious
Anjflo-Celtic-Saxon nations and in the hopo
ot its Increase and perpetuation.) Wrltefor cir-
culars containing extracts from this ex-
traordinary book, to Dr. Henry Egbert, box
2228. P. O., San Francisco. (Long live the
King of England and the President of Amer-
ica.)
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from 200 Powell gt.. to 857 Oeary st.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
EXPERIENCED mother and nurse will boaru
and care for children from birth upward;
, references; reasonable terms. 1739 Mllvia St.,
Berkeley; phone Dana 661.
GERMAN woman wants children to board. 100
Leavenworth st.. bet. Turk and G. G. ave.
LADY wishes 1 or 2 children to board; large
sunny yard; near school. 1223 Pine at.
A COUPLE would like to board cMlld; reason-
able; good care. Call branch, 1941 Mission st.
CHILDREN taken care. of cheap; nice- play-
grounds. 1810 Stanyan st.
ONE or two children: room for parent. 54X
Jessie ct. •
CHILDREN boarded; best of care: references
exchanged. 1721 Thirteenth ave.. E. Oakland.
BUILDINGS FOB SALE.
• ¦ — • — ¦ «*
A— 2121 FILLMORE; good substantial 2-story
building for sale; to be removed. Apply to
SPECK & CO.. 200 Montgomery at.
li; BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $650; SALOON, with 8 rooms. In West
Berkeley; rent $20; location first-class; full
value in sight. See R. G. .WILKE, 26 tj
Kearny st.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner saloons in this city;
dally receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease; net rent $35; location!
first-class and a fine paying business; will
stand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $1600: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent S150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $11,000: BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE,
26 M Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with ' bar, dining-room,
! kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 26\i
Kearny st.
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest 6tock of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $450; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall";
S-year lease; splendid business opening. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ¦
A — $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter St.;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $48; elegant
fixtures. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Roadl
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class paying reoort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
A — $3500 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See It. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $400; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; beat loca-
tion in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. \
A — $600; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with steady
and transient customers: owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKB. 26%
Kearny st. . '
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming-house: 80
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
good furniture; lease; place paying 'well. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $375; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wllke. 26% Kearny.
$2250 — FIRST-CLASS roadhouse and bar, with
cardens, etc.; 10 rooms, bath and all new
and modern; grounds 125x200; pays well; ad-
joins Oakland; typical location. ALDEN,
1233 Broadway, Oakland.
$030 — COR. saloon and 4 living rooms and
bath above; good corner for business. Par-
tlculars with ALDEN. 1233 Broadway.
$2000 — SALOON for sale, near Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland; rent $20 and lease;
owner going East; good bargain. ALDEN.
1233 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— If you have real estate. Improved
or unimproved: lodging-house, grocery, sa-
loon, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch bak-
ery, cigar stand or a place of business of
any kind for sale, list it with THE SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO., 418-419 Calla-
ghan building.
$500-$5000— GROCERY and bar; bargains.
$55O-$15,00O— Saloons and restaurants.
$25O-$1OOO— Delicatessen; branch bakeries.
$1000-$12, 000— Roadhouses and ranches.
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Redwood Rest, Mill Valley; 5 fine
cottages, completely furnished; refreshment
tables; small store ; fine water, free; good
business; sold on account of sickness; price
$5000; part cash or would take small moun-
tain ranch In part payment. Apply on prem-
lses. or box 196, Mill Valley.
PARTNER with $1500: security In real estate
for the above amount; nature of business,
manufacturing the best liniment in the
world; sure fortune in the business; this is
no humbug proposition, so no triflers need
answer. D. W. PHILBRICK. 449% Guerrero.
$SD0O— CREAMERY; monthly receipts * $2500;
expenses $465; fine business; excellent loca-
tion; best trade; must' sell on account of
other business; will give terms if necessary.
Box 1228, Call office, Oakland.
STOCK or bond Issue of reputable corporation
mining or industrial, wanted for selling on
commission: /give particulars. P. O. box
H63. New York City. '
GROCERY store, well stocked and everything
complete for a first-class grocery business;
.will sell low and on terms to .ault on • ac-
<jbunt of retiring from business. Address
box 1436. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant and 20 rooms; cheap
rent; price $1200; half cash or will exchange
for ranch, grocery or apartment-house; trial
given and expected. Box 3186, Call. "
FOR SALE — A fine hotel business with bar;
at a good point on the railroad In Siskiyou
County: the bar alone pays well. For par-
ticulars address box 1493, . Call office.
•BAKERY, with an oven of COO loaves capacity;
win rent for $18; fine location: the only one
In that part ot town. D. L. JUNGCK, 2111
Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FOR sale at a sacrifice; photo gallery In thriv-
ing coast town; no competition. Box 8104,
Call office.
A BARGAIN; good paying old-established car-
riage trimming:, wagon and harness busi-
ness. Box 1235, Call office. Oakland.
DELICATESSEN and candy store branch
bakery and laundry; rent $32 60; long lease-
clears $125; trial given; part cash. 651' Bush.
WANTED— To buy a grocery, - either with or
without bar; one that will stand close in -
veatlgatlon. Address box 1402,' Call. ¦»'. ¦ • ! v*
FOR SALE— Hotel In Paso Robles. f urnishedK
complete and paying a good profit. Address !
for particulars, box 2C89, Call office. ¦ ;
FOR SALE — General merchandise store at In-
voice. See WM. CLUFF CO., Wholesale
Grocers. San Francisco. '
TEA and coffee route in San Francisco for
sale; a good claes of customers and. good
profit. Box 2609, Call office.
GENUINE snap; best prompt offer buys old
established notions store; departure. Box
1593. 1008 Market st.
FOR SALE^ — Grocery and delicatessen; a good
clean stock of goods; average business,' $31 50
per day. Box, 1463, Call office. '
GENTLEMAN with $500 to take well paying
position In S. F. office of established cannery.
Box 1467, Call office.
FOR sale — Stock and , implements of a model
chicken ranch of 63 acres: 40 acres farming
¦ land, orchard, vineyard; chicken and brooder
house; two years' lease; >4 mile from school,
2 miles from town; modern house.. 6 rooms;
good barns, windmill ' and tankhouse; 'run-
. ning water. Address P. O. box 265, Petaluma,
Sonoma County, Cal. . v ¦. . , L -
PHYSICIAN'S opportunity — Four openings;
first-class equipment; .' established business;
$DCO. $1000, $2000 and $3000; present owner
retiring from business; will stand Investiga-
tion. Ad JreFs box 1410, Call office. -
$250 — RETIRING partner's interest in' paying
I commission' business; established r 1884; re-
l malnlnc partner reliable man. Box 2617, Call.'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, $ SUNDAY, JULY 3. 1904.
41
FLATS TO LET — FIRSISHED. j
I WILL rent my furnished flat or part of It; j
Western Addition; 7 rooms: nun all day j
mom: tfle* couple; no children. JULIEN j
t-MlTH. 420 Montgomery st. I
LOMBARD. 1010 — Flat. 3 large rooms, partly J
furnlrtied. commanding a grand view of city I
and bay: rent reasonable to a responsible |
party; no children; flowers & vegetable grdn. j
THE Lorenzo. 41 Octavla— The lightest, b-st j
arranged flats In the city; one 3 and one 4 j
. rooms, private b*th; convenient locatlcn; !
summer rrtes. j
HAIGHT. 120S. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
bouse bas all conveniences and is situated in
eelect neighborhood. «
NORTH POINT. 767, near Hyde— Marine view;
3, 4 or 5 room flat "turn, partly or complete.
AN elegantly furnished, sunny apartment flat
near Van Ness ave: six rooms. Box 317S. Call.
FLATS FOR SALE FIBMitllEl).
NKW, elegantly furnished flat of 5 rooms fcr
»a»» at a great sacrifice; party going East
1311 Lasruna st.
FOR SALE — Furnished flat of 7 room* and
bath; down town. Box 1427. Call office.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale: nearly
new: rent $27 50. Box 3500. Call office. .
GREATEST bargain In city; 0 rooms, bath;
plar.o optional. 2570 Market st.
FLATS WATTED.
WANTED — At Potrero, modern upper flat. 4 or
S rooms, by October 1. Box 2629. Call.
Fl'RXlTl'llE FOK SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for ?7 80 j
down and $1 CO per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post st. near Powell.
Ander. on Auction Hon»e. 10 Turk. nr. Market
furnishes everything for tbe bou»i>; low prices
FOR SALE— S*>\>ral carpets In good condition.
Bex 1419. Call office.
FOR SALE— A chiffonier nearly new. Address
box 3301. Call office.
FURNITURE of 5-room Cat for sale. Box
2670. Call offlce : _____;
FURNITURE. stove«. bought, fold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia. nr. 16th. Tel. Church 5879
FlBMTl HE WAXTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 11.15 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
I>vn't sell your furniture, carpet*, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets.rtc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A NURSE for a child 5 years old, references,
wages S30; a cook /or family of 5 San Ra-
fm^r, ?HO: woman for Rooking on a ranch
(one child no objection), |23, sea party In
town; a laundress for 3 In family, $30; a
nurse for an Infant, $25. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 butter st, near Powell.
AN Irish Catholic second girl for small fam-
ily. ?3p : a second cock for a resort. $35; a
laundress acd chambermaid for 2 In family
for city (30. see lady in office; a. cook for a
private family, Oakland, $35. Apply MISS
PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
YOUNG woman to do cleaning In an Institu-
tion In the eity: $40 a month and room, but
no board: call after 9 Tuesday morning.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
WOMEN and girls to register for season's
work beginning July 15, August, September,
preparing md canning fruit. Apply CALI-
FORNIA CANNKRIES COMPANY. 203 Cali-
fornia st.. city, or factory, Brannan st., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
tn - weekr; tuition $5 to those entering now;
3 positions to fill 'Immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
eon: both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; position as trimmers),
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
Hatrdresslng, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment hair work, removal superfluous hair; $S 2
wks.; day, eve. class: positions secured, highest
wukm. P.emoved from 1230 Mkt to 133 Pow«U.
WANTED — Young or middle-aged Protestant
~oman of good education and refined ways to
keep hou«e for American widower of 40 In
country town; easy work: comfortable home;
• $10 per month; no objection to one nice child,
daughter preferred. Box 10C0. CalL *
LADIES wanted to learn the barber trade,
halrdressing. manicuring and facial massage;
retains!]* malted free; rw*«lt'ons secured.
MOLER System College, 635 Day at.
A, YOUNG woman to do cooking and laundry
work In small family; wages $23. Call Sun-
day between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. or Mon-
day afternoon at 3213 Jackson et.
LADIES to do piecework at home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Mon.
roe st. Chicago.
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
YOUNG lady as housekeeper In small pH-
vat» family: member of Methodist Society
and musician preferred. Box 1460. Call.
WANTED— Experienced demonstrators: perata-
r.ent position; this ad. will only be In until
Wednesday. 978A Geary st.
A LADT free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressing immediately,
bcx ;J1C3. Call office,
WANTED — A Crst-claes lady canvasser for
••Udor," the latest toilet article; sells on
sight. Box 3187, Call.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for hosiery.
Apply Superintendent's of flea, tbe Empo-
rium. ¦¦— — 'r .
GIRL wanted for light housework. 1913 Post
LADIES wanted; profitable employment Call
afternoons, room 103. 460 Ellis st.
YOUNG lady for office work In exehanre for
Instruction in shorthand. Box 3202, Call.
GIRL for general housework. 1009 Mission st.
GJRL to assist In care of baby. 2409 Geary.
WANTED — Girls for variety show. Room 337
Golden West Hotet. ;
WANTED — A woman for confinement, 60 Ber-
nal ave.. Bernal Heights.
LAUNDRESS, each Monday* 18 Turk St.
FIRST-CLASS sales women j —anted Tuesday
morning at BARON'S, 762 Market st.
V.'E are prepared to supply very profitable !
permanent employment to ladles; $10 to $30
weekly comfortably poselble. Kushion Kom-
fort Shoe Co.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. ;
WANTED — Lady who understands music:'
t>a!ary $000 per year; first-class references i
required! university society. Box 1433, Call.
A PUOFITABLE outing; pick hops In August
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st.S.F.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
HORD A. SMITH, ' "¦'""''
Contractor?" Agents. 95 Third st.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
This is the best offer made yet
Teamsters $2 80
Laborers $2 50
And the boss is here and gives you a "writ-
ten guarantee to refund yncr fare In ten (10)
days. Take advantage of this offer, for it!
may not last long. '
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, ~
0i»2 Clay st. ; phone James 247S.
20 laborers in mountains, $2 25 day.
2 ripeaw men, box factory, 12 '70 day.
2 resaw men. box factory, $3 day.
>. NEVADA — Government Work — Nevada.
Teamsters, drillers, muckers, laborers, $2 to
$2 80 day.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st; office closed
July 4; opens Tuesday. Gth, 8 a. m.; wanted,
cooks, $12 to $15 a week; waiter. $.» to $12
a week; dishwashers, kltchenhands, vegeta- .
bl-intn, f20 to $30; second cook. Nevada,
fare paid, $40; groom. $30; gardener. $30.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook, $80; bellboy, $22 M; waiter, nurses'
hall. »30.
WANTED — Men, and womtn to handle ex-
clusive- territory of the great Keller Candy
Co. : candles and specialties all over the
Unitrd Statts; select your own territory;
parties should make from $C0 to $200 ¦ per
rcontb; po risk and great .future; parties
must h»ve small capital. Address Keller
Candy Co.. main office 477 Seventh st, Oak-
land: branch. San Francisco. '
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15,000
f appointments last year; examinations soon
In San Francisco. Write for circular J 1,
- giving list of .positions, salaries, examina-
tions, sample questions, etc., to National
Correspondence Institute. Pacific Coast office.
027 Market et. San Francisco. ¦ Cal. .
WANTED — Man to. do Janitor work ¦ for his
tuition In S. F. Barber School. T41A Howard.
FIMI'UIVMBXT WAVTRD— HALE.
V' "l"N«5 u;an u*nt» pofition as assirtant cper-
.:.i ;;i e'^.trir l!*.l;t jnsx.t: cxji«rfeni±d>el«eS
. • an. A<i<:iTE» A. V. VV.. K23?j Centir
i I!c3k«-!ey.
?.. .\ Jii.I ill' nii.11 artafeesj situation as manager
¦ ! t'f. • inoti of dairy or ranch: long experl-
11 •«-: nr.ri $.t\e bejrt of reference*. Ucx «U01,
..:i • rf>c.
V< l| N<; rr.nn wish** tu make himself useful in
jin insursr.'-e o'f.(_-« : wages nu object. Address/
\>ux 1413. <'all oiflce.
¦\VANTEI> — Position as traveling Faiesman:
P-.K-.J refri.ii^k. Address box 15<H, ICC*
Miikct at.
?IT*"AT1ON wanted by married ooupl? In
Intel Uialj52-roGjm; city or country. Cjx
n::s. « a!! ufflcc-.
r.AKTENPER. rxp* ri«*ncrd, German, steady
anj reliable, «r__s a prmiiica: gives best ef
«.::«nc*6. Box ICO. Call office.
_OL*>E paint. r want* work (non-union), coun-
try or city: day or job; price reasonable Box
1453. Oil OtSoC
VOL'NG maa, 5S year* cf age. wishes a posi-
tion :i« driver of delivery wagon. Addrcs
box Hil, Call ofSc*.
M1PDLH-AGED rr.an. e^< pard«iT. hsndy
with horaes and took, would like position.
15ox I4:>0, Call cface.
ii i.x £•;«; wife desire a pcsltlcn t» work by
;!.- r.-.oi.ih fn r-JCtr.iBR-hcuse. il.CS. 541
HBbMt «.. noith ef C— y.
V.'ANTICD — Vy an elderly man, work tround
*alocn: understands bar'.cr.dir.g. Box Jl.'i,
Call office.
YOUNG rr-ati. f.r5t-cla»s pensrar., warts po-
tittca ** ass:«t*nt bookkeeper In ciiy. Box
1«&C. Call ciftce. -
WANTED— A position in wholesale house
where there is a thcv.v for advancement;
good references given. Dox 1490, Call office.
ECOKKLEPER. f.ret, class desires to change
August 1; e*pabl» of taking charge of office.
Bcx 14*..% Ca!l ©face.
POEITION lr. l<5«n cfSce by thoroughly exp#-
rlenced Rianagtr: b— .t refT^nc^*; bond.
Bcx 2155. Call ©:flce.
ENGINEER want* position; ettsm or gaioUne
engines good machinist to make repairs.
Box Sill. Cull of floe.
TOUNO men desires position assisti~s about
etsre during school vacation; age 16. Ad-
dress box 84C7. Call effioe.
-JAN. 2"-, speaks e*ver*l languages, wants po-
sition cf any kind: city or country: bonds If
r*c.ulred. Address bcx C172, Call o.'flce.
A YOUNG roan would like a fer.- hours' wcrlc
in a'frr'r. frcm 4 p. ta. to 7 p. m. Box
?X49, CaU office. •
WANTED — Position as ranch foreman by
thoroughly coTspeter.t xsin; American. Box
1_1, Call office. Oaklar.d.
GARDENER wishes situation In private fam-
ily: wages $Cd. Box 2177. Call branch. 2200
Filimore et.
BOY wants situation tn florist's etore; refer-
ences if required. Bcx C1W, Call branch,
CiOO FiHaore ft.
RELIABLE man wants place to help around
• hoiesaie house; drive ligbt delivery; handy
with tools. II.. €15 Larkin at.
WANTED — Typesetting . on country paper;
»ag*s $25 a w»-ek. Bcx B, IOCS Market st.
rOUStO trar. wishes position of ar.y kind.
FRANK LANDON. 3043 Twenty-scccnd et.
EXPERIENCED bookman, librarian and eale*-
~an want* a position. Bcx 1404. Call office.
Y'H.'NG rr.ar. wishes situation in store. 125
Taylor.
BOY wants Job In store. 125 Taylor st
PRESS f«eder wants situation. A. B. C.
ISSS CFarrell st.
V.orLD like wcrlc as porter. Apply JAMES
HATx^TtHG Howard st.
pr.gjTIo.v as ttock clerk in wholesale house.
VANTEI*— Light employment of any kind.
Arrly KOBT. CHRISTIE, 30 Post st.
WANTED — A .<->b a« clerk in paint store. Box
11-4. Pafl ofrice.
V.'AXTKD — A Jf>b at pcrter In wholesale house.
Hx n^T,, Call.
HTA N T r::>— Position as clerk. Apply ROBX
CHRISTIE. 30 Pest st.
PCP.TUR *ar.t« jcb. 251 Fourth st.
YOl'SO man wants pecitioa of any kind. 2477
Hn-ant st.
BAP.Bi;K wacts wcrk; short hours. Bex MM.
Cali o!fice.
WANTED — Situation as rsanager of tret-class
rc^)ir.:r.ir-hou»e. Box 142. Call.
BVaSCTED — PcEltir— as salezman. Apply '¦
<.AKL MACKART. Prei-eott House.
WANTED — Situatlca as pcrter. Box 14_, ]
Ca.!! office.
I;>KTENTjER wents work. 30 Farren ave.
.'•etlTIO.V wanted as Janitor. Box 1400. Call.
tuUaTOS mants Job. Bcx 1233. Call office,
Oakland.
POSITION as watchman from 1 a. m. by a
*r-*^iel officer. Box 31S3. CalL
VOfXO rr.4-3 wishea petition a.a clerk. «11
Cough st.
NEAT ycung man —ants position as porter.
Address box 3183. Call efflce.
PRINTING rrf-s— ran wants position: city or
ewtstnr. FREDERICK. 24O Dolores st.
V> il'NG man wants position as teamsier. Bcx
1 :¦-.«. Call office.
SITUATION' wanted as cook. Box I43S, Call.
riHPT-CLAES barkeeper wants position. Box
1431. Ca.li off.ee.
WASTED — Petition as salesman. 116 Fourth
Kreet.
LOCKSMITH desires work. 811 4 Jtgtle st
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants petition. Box
14ol. Call office.
y*?'T a place at handy maa. Pox 1430, Call.
-'ANTED— Pos:t!cn as clerk. Box 14C0, Call
Office.
MAN* cf 06 want* work In store or wholessle
house; moderate lalary. Address bcx 1418.
Call office.
BOY wart* a peritlcs as wrapper. Bex 26S5.
Can office.
WANTED— Position as salesman. Arolr
HENRY ADAMS. 1W0 Powell ,t PP1T
1 — — ______
EXPKRIENCED Mutntxr wants work la the
city or country. Ccx T6S8. Call office:
"eLoAN^itg'i^i"^ . la tnit "~^5_
IOj-'ITION as asri«*Bt gardener. Adores*
liox 2623, Call efflce.
MAN -ants a. »>oe!tiO3 as port«r. ARGLE.
M « N .^' cr ' ts ' ob ** *alrping clerk. JOHN
MVP.XAXE. 10 Wetrnore place.
PAINTER. Fap«rb*uger and t!nter with tcols
war.:, iv-ric. -';« M«ry st.
MAN ¦rmsts to *rr ir - K in blacksmith ehop. W.
BRUACLi: clackiEiiih. Box 2650. Call of-
nxPERIENCED solicitor. Box 2643. Call of.
Tic*.
55SX&PR5: c^ T2t ' 5 r "^nts place. E. FAH-
OO. it> TrlM it.
rjRfT-OI.ASS nroan wants position In city
_ or couatry. Address box 2612. Call offlc*.
TOUNG it. an ».ou:d like position to feed Gor-
don »re*>. 110X1*18, Call office.
0 * 1 * 00 *" "®*^*~*»*- Box 1445 »
WANTED— Wcrk cf any kind. G. CROSBY*!
42 Fourth et
V.'AXTKO — roeiUon as elevator operator. Ap-
tAy CHARLES REID. 1543 Jone» «.
V A NTEIi — A position Ef barkeeper" Box UC2
Ca!l office.
WAJCTEn— A pesitlcn as clerk" Box 14C1.
Ca.ll effice.
TOUNO pcmi*-m«n want* poeition: mi:i do any
kir.d of wcrk. Box 14M. Call office.
WANTED — Position as pantryman (union)
Box 1440. Call office, -v .. *
¦WANTED — Mare a r- porter, wholesale home
Address 11.. 1710 Uiss'.on tt
WOULD like vcrk cm porter. GEORGE
HAYES. 45 Third St.
COMPETENT, reliable bricklayer vents mork.
Bcx 1114. Call office.
X YOUNG CfcrUtian Japcnece bey wants posi-
tion ef *r.y kind is a email family, ii.
YAMAKAWA. Y..M. C. A., 121 Halght st
i KHPLOVilEXT WAXTKD— MALK.
POSITION as collector: city references If re-
quired. SIMPSON, Uix 21WJ. Call branch,
2200 FTOracrt st.
WANTED — Position a* raltsman. Apply
JMRRY MULLER. ~9 Bush at.
MAN wants work by «he day. ' 2070 Bryant
street.
YOUNG married man wants work In the city
or country as bartender. 34S Fifth st.
. '-5A.V wants to work fn carpenter shop. 1913
Poet street. . j
POSITION wanted by man and wife as cooks
in hotel or camp. Box 1472. .Call office.
' HARDWOOD finisher and painter wants- work;'
city or country. Box 2ta2. Call office.
1 A BOY, 14 years old. wishes a steady Job.
SlSti Pierce St. -
ERRAND boy wishes a situation. Call 224
Cartlett st
I WANTED — By an old man. v.crk around a
private place or as watchman. Box 31C3, Call.
1 FOSITION as porter want?d7~FRED NELSON
box 31C2. Ca.ll office.
A YOUNG man with scod references wants Job
as teamster at once. Box 14*1, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a flrot'class cook In
. -family; single. 745 Jackson it,
STRONG boy wants Job> In wholesale house:
ag* 17. Aodretg B. KiORDAX. «30 Jessie.
YOUNG man. 20. wtehea poeiticn in wholesale
house. Address G. C. box 14SS, Call office.
WANTED— Position as night watchman: thor-
oughly reliable. Box 31C«. Call office.
WANTED— Petition as bartt nder. Apply CARL
MACKART. Preseott Hcuse.
WANTED — Position as batik clerk Adiress
bcx SICO. Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, to run flrst-
da« hotel. Bos 8110. Call office.
YOUNG man. 20 vears. wishes steady Job on '
ranch. Address O. GAKKTEL. 870 Jackson. 1
WANTED — Position cs r-ort— • in wholesale ;
house. Box 31C8. Call office. j
DRAUGHTSMAN wants work in the me- j
chanical line. Box ol'O, Ca!l office
— 1
; BOY wants position In hardware store. Box ¦
11. Call office. j
PAINTER -editor, some C4.sh. desires position;
j _ city cr country- Addrcts box 3it"3, Call office.
YOUNG man, IS years eld. wishes work of !
any kind. 1S19 Misstcn st.
STEAMF1TTER wants eteacy work. 1309
Larkin st
: BOY warns work as cash or errand boy. Ap-
ply at 302S Army st
TOUNG man wants work of any kind. 1426
Micrtoa st
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work. Box 3161. Call office.
TOUNO boy to run errands during vacation.
Box 1516, Fifteenth ave. South.
BELL or elevator boy: experienced Japanese
wants situation at any time. ITO, S07 Polk.
YOUNG colored man. thoroughly experi*c:vHl.
wishea poe!t:on as elevator operator: public
builuing or hotel: temperate; does not jan-
ble. Box ?645. Call.
MAN and wife; man good camp cook, wife
general work around camp. H. R., Mi\i
Third st. room 10.
COACHMAN, steady young man. wishes situa-
tion: good gardener; can milk; good refer-
encea. Box 1443. Call. ¦
i JANITOR wants position. Address box 1406,
Call efflce. "
SITUATION wasted as a painter. C. YOUNG.
813 Union at
Painter, paper-haager, slgnwrttcr, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom »t. ; phone Mint 13L
JAPANESE, understands EnglUh. Fr -nc 1 and
Chinese, recently arrived, wishes po«.tlcn 11
do work In nice family; $3 week. 4T1 Buth.
AN experienced Japanese for general house-
work only wants a position: $25 to $30
menth. JOHN KADOWAKI. 1020 Polk st.
: JAPANESE couple with situations; man as
cook, wife as waitress; both have had long
1 experience. Y. OKAMOTO. 465 Jessie St.
A JAPANESE good bey wants situation as
schoolboy cr houseworker in family. M-, 744
Post st; tel. Sutter 1731. -
A JAPANESE wants a position as a schoolboy.
T. KUWA, 254 OFarrell St.
A JAPANESE boy wishes situation; housework
or kitchen help. KENTOO. 2567 Market st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Etatea. or Canada one year fcr $1.
EIXAJfCIAX..
STOCKS for ss.le — 3000 Princess Maude. 4c. 100
Boeklovers' Library $7; 3000 N. Y Gra««
ValUy 13c, 5000 Riverside Copper lc. 5000
N. Y. Tonopah 3c. 20 Marconi's $t6, and
hundreds other similar bargains; can supply
any security. COWPER-THWAITE. Invest-
ment Broker, Stockton, Cal.
BLOCK of Greth's airship stock. 1000 shares
or part at a sacrifice: 50: a share, on ac-
count of leaving. E. McNULTY, 750 Mar-
ket, rocm 14.
FXATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT!
All desirable vacant bouses and flats are lift-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from ail agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to flaA a
place; we never fall: service free. . A -
STERLING FURNITURE CO.. \
1033 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 813 CALI-
FORNIA ST.
$17 50 to $24 — 20 new, sunny modern flats.
4 to 0 rooms and bath; Lombard st., east ai>l
west of Devlsadero.
New flats. 8 rooms and bath, $27 50; e_t
line of Polk St. north of Vallejo.
New flats and new hcuses. $25 to $35; west
line of Van Ness ave.. north of Francisco st
A— HOUSES &nd flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will m\» you time and
trouble- Cerdes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary st. on the square.
24 NEW. snnny. artistically -flnUhed flats of
4 end r» rooms and bath cn Pacific- at., be-
tween Taylor and Jems: rent* ranging from
$18 to $23. VON* RHEIN REAL ESTATE
CO.. 513 California st.
j NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new flat: sunny corner:
5 rooms and bath; all modern improvements;
low rent; convenient tg Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st cars.
CENTRAL ave., 71— EunnUst, cheapest, up-to-
date fiat; 6 large rooms and bath; must be
w.tn to be appreciated; $28.
HARRISON. 2S20. near Twenty-fourth— 5 aun-
r.y rooms: bath; yard; cellar and stable with
lower entrance.
?1S— C ROOMS and bath; high basement ;
sunny sll day; 2M Thirtieth st PATTER-
SON. Eximlner building.
NEW ecrner flats, ' close to park; * rooms:
bath: tinted; all sunny. $27 50. B st. and
Fourth a.ve.
BROADWAY. 1255. near Hyde — Neat sunny
flats. 3 Urge rooms. $11.
1 CLAYTON. 819%. near Halght— Lower 3
I rooms; rent cheap; 3 blocks from G. G. Park.
DE LONG ave.. 21 — Sunny flat & rooms and
bath: newly renovated.
EIGHTH ave.. 1229 (Sunset)— Lower floor at i
large rooms; chicken house; $14.
FELL. 5S2, near Octavlt.— Medern sunny lower
flat, it roemi and bath.
. FILLMORE. 1124. corner— T rooms, \u~llght
and large: modern: upper story; rent $Ju.
FLAT — 4 rooms, bath and French kitchen; new -
i ly painted; rood-, ccxy; grdn. 1731 McAllister.
I FLATS to let or furniture for ssJe, near Park.
Write KROFF. 5 New Montgomery st
HAIGHT. *30, near Fillmcre — Flat of 4 sunny
rooms, yard and basement: rent' $15.
HAIGHT. 371— Upper flat 7 sunny rooms and
bath: rent reasonable.
JUNIPER. 37. bet. 10th and 11th. off Folsom—
4 nicely cleaned rooms; rent $12.
LARGESTiist of houses and flats to let Call
on LTON A HOAO. 116 Montgomery, st.
MASONIC av*.. 1317. nr. Waller— El'gant sun-
py up-to-date upper flat. 7 rooms, bath; reas.
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms, bath anii basement
2223 Fifteenth jst.. near_Church; rent $23.
SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms and' bath; 1132
Green St.. half a block froiri Hyde-st ears.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; large yard. 7W \>toma
st. near Ninth. " *
TO LET — 25M1A Polk St.; modern upper flat 4
rooms and bath.
4-ROOM and C-room modern cor. sunny flats-
all light; $22 SO-$37 50. 24tn and Valencla.
i $12— UPPER flat of 4 ninny rooms. 27 Pearl
< st. off Market, near Valencia.
I $i2 05 — I. SUNNY rooms. IK ivy ave. near
Vaa N«s ave. and Hayes st
• ¦ ¦-"*-: • ¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦¦'¦¦¦¦
HOUSES TO iET— FURMSHEO. J
PINE.* 1122. near Leavenworth — Handsomely
furnished residence of 17' rooms, 2 baths; ¦
adapted for boarding-house; enough rooms ¦
now rented to pay rent; will give lease. Ap- I
ply to F. B. SURRYHVE. m Montgomery 1
st. for further particulars. I
1 *.)
IXFORMATIOX WAXTED.
INFORMATION wanted of Grace Cottle. j
.daughter of Dorcas Le Mon tats of England. •
I by her sister Sarah Bragg. Box 316S. Call ,
office. j _ -
IXVESTMEXTS.
A— 6 PEE CENT GUARANTEED
Or 5 per cent and Participation la Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgag«s.
BAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
. 708 Market st. S. F.. CaL
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Maguire. ex-TJ.S. Oongressnj'n
Hon. Kdw. K. Taylor. ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock. Fre*. C. A. Murdock * Co.
Allen M. Clay, Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard. General Manager.
HIGH CRAIG.- Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice in this Issue. -•'. '•-
nrVAXIP CHAXBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eamen tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt : tel. Park 775.
LOST AMJ VOD.VD.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. EHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST— Monday night; large pearl ring, set la
diamonds: heirloom; liberal reward If return-
ed to 973 Fell st; phone Fell 324.
LOST— Friday eve.. Fltlmcre and Fulton. U.C.,
'01, pharmacy pin. 623 Washington; reward.
SMALL purse at Oakland ' mole on Juae 23.
Liberal reward If returned to 130SA Leaven-
worth et ' ¦.
LOST— Cn Kearny st, near Post brown fo.x
boa. Return to 2111 Pine St.; rewird.
LOST— Collie dog: brown body, white face, feet ;
and breast 801 Larkln st; reward.. i
BUNCH keys, with one flat brass blank; re-
ward. Box 2C44. Call.
-AUHCHES TO— —TBS.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay \
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 531. *
J. Michaells Launch Co..Unlon-st Wharf; boat-
Ing & excursions. 6 Steuart st ; UL John 2688.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde |
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard at; phona South 218.
M—T__gO2n— J,.
AN Eastern lady (widow) with boy 11 yean
old, well educated, taught music several
years, a good, neat housekeeper, wishes to
correspond with a true, honorable gentle-
man: object matrimony. Address box 1454,
Call offlce.
A YOUNG man with a good, position, also heir
to a large Inheritance, would like to cor-
respond with a etyllsb youns; lady who
would like a good home; object, matrimony.
Box 1474. Call office.
GENTLEMAN. 46 years eld. good habits, em-
ployed by a large firm in city, would like
to correspond with a lady with some means
to asslit In a business; object matrimeny.
Box 1428. Call office.
A WIDOWER (divorced), no children, a farm-
er and a good home for a wife, wishes to
correspond with a lady, a good housekeeper,
matrimonially inclined. Box 2U7S. Call office.
WIDOWER, 31. having good position, perma-
nent, also has property, would like to meet
a fine looking, con?r«nial lady; object, matri-
mony. Box 3570, Call office.
MACHINIST. 34 years old. has a good position
and some money, would like to get acquaint-
ed with a lady about U0; object, matrimony.
Box 1401. Call office.
A YOUNG lady. 21, brown hair and eyes,
would like to correspond with a gentleman of
good character; object, matrimony. Box
2«CS. Call office.
WIDOW. 57. having a nice home In a small
country town, would like to correspond with
a gentleman; object, matrimony. Box 359o.
Call office.
EX-CHAMPION steer roper of Texas wants
to correspond with lady of means; my age
23; object matrimony. Box 3158 Call office.
- WIDOW, 39. no Incumbranees, of a home lov-
ing disposition, wants to meet a gentleman j
matrimonially inclined. Box 1S0O, Call office.
i ACQUAINTANCE lady with country place or
rooming-house; practical man. Box 1234.
Call office. Oakland.
~ aiEDICAlZ
A— DR. SYLVESTER. Office 219 Kearny st
SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN. »
IS years' experience without a failure.
Ladles suffering from Irregularities or any
ailment peculiar to women save time and
money by consulting* me first My method of
treatment Is ONLY CERTAIN and HARM-
LESS cure KNOWN to medical science, and
I POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATE!
RELIEF from Irregularities from whatever
I cause or MAKE NO CHARGE. If others fail
t.> cure you come to me at once. ONE VISIT
WILL BE SUFFICIENT and I will help you.
Advice free. Interviews strictly private. All
letters answered truthfully. CUT THIS OUT.
Hours 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. Open Sundays.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularitiea consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee«. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
7C2 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularitiea: instant relief
guaranteed: 80 yearg' experience. 82Q Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOCS 1 ,? Market st, opp. Stb.
MRS. NATHAN. the~great ladles' spe-
cialigt. Jyst arrived from the East; guaran-
tees cure or no pay; takes ladies before and
during confinement, with best medical care;
confinement $15; room and board $5 week;
infants adopted. 2G0*i Market, opp. Valencia.
VALPEAITS female pUU; best regulating pills
sold; price ?2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on r«eJpt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggista. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
THE famouse specialist. Drs. Goodwin, departs
for Europe on a 3 months' tour July 7; she
will receive any of her patients from now to
July ;« at 412 Taylor 8t. near CFarrell.
where she will reside on her return.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are alelt cr
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice tree. Office 1013 Market st
MRS. DR, GWTEH. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at S11A
Leavenworth st.. bet. Geary and O/FarrelL
LADIES' Irregularities cured: IS years' ax.;
private. ¦ DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny at
LADIES — Kumround; safe. cure, never falls;
$2. Gleaton-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DH. snrt MRS. DA VIES and H1NDOO~HERB3';
original method of treatment 1126 Market
DR. ROSEN resides ¦ 2995 Folaom st. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MIXES AXD MINING
PIONEER Assaying Co. — Assaying half usual
prices; no students; prompt attention to
- mailed samples. 157 New. Montgomery, st
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-nand machinery. McIN-
TCHU & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
DOUS YOUR ROOF LEAK?
- Kepa:r It with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
iron tin cr shingles; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFINQ CO., -713 Market st
I 2D-UAm> machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, » halting:, etc... etc.. bought, sold.
• rented and exchanged; seat Sunday papers.
H S: WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
FOIl . »ale — Second-band laundry machinery,
consisting of engine, boilers, mangles, wash-
ing machines, etc. ; reasonable. Box 2630.
Call office. > • . - ' -
A7-FINE cults, f 7 SO; dress pant*. $2 SO. Orig-
inal Mlsttt Clothing' Parlors. £38 Kearny si.
n«ar Push: open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
/, etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxeda
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 23
-'• Stockton St. - - - ¦- - • .. - -
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry fcr sale on
. smalt weekly payments. United Lean and
Trust C».. 21 Stockton st
J. COOPER, gents' full-dresa rental parlor*,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at..
upstairs. - - - »¦ ._ .
$15 — NEW style. 7-drawer oak New Home sew.
J Ing machine, complete. 1915 Mission, ar. 15th.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE—Con.
8 HP. HOISTING engine with boiler $— O
7x7 hasting engine double) 30©
«xl2 holstlns; -%n?tne (double). 300
• 12-in. suction 1<>-In. discharge Hooker
Pump ; 500
8 hp. Weber gasoline engine 23O
55 hp. return tubular boiler complete. . 25O
2o hp. firebox locomotive type boiler. ... 125
4.$-!n. band s*w tilting table "ISO
24 hp. Westlnghouse motor 55
2'3-ln. fire hose, cotton rubber lined.... 20o
3 hp. Perkins gasoline engine $75
Don't wait till you see what you want ad-
vertised. It zray not appear and we still
have It
II. 8. WHITE Mchy. Co.. 130-132 Beala rt.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 3o!
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine: cpen to 9 p. m. : Sundays to. noon.
FIREWOOD cut to length; laxga load $2. de-
livered. E. C. PITCHER & CO.. Sixth and
Hooper sta.; t«I. S 373.
TRY our men'* shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair:
fcot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 Si st.. Exam, bid.; catalog tree.
FOR SALE — A guitar, diamond: ruby, sap-
phlrs and garnet ring; also jlala gold ring.
SI 7 Market St.. room 3.
EUTCHER. ehop fixtures fa* •_•» complete,
with refrigerator, cheap. Inquire Gough and
" Fultctj sts.
COLLIE puppies frost full pedigree sir*, aad
" dam. 3440 Clay st. ; phone West 408.
I.~W seaTsMn coat; reasonable. Call frona T
to 0. 408 Stockton St., worn 105.
GOOD fixtures for candy asd Icecream stare*
cheap. 2174 Mission st.
LARGEST runts: best hen pigeons. Glenmore
Pigeon Lofta. Elm burst
JEWEL eas ran?s: waterback: broiler, ev»n;
reasonable. 473 Turk st. upper flat.
FINE St Bernarl pups cheap. 1233 2Cth s.va.j
Sunset Dis.; blue cars. Before 3 p. ra.
FOR sale — It. R. ticket to St. Louis aa4 re>
turn; male. Box 3177. Call office.
THOUSANDS of fset of screw pipe. ETJCJEXB
RILEY & 8ONS. 1C9 Val'.ejo st
FOX-TERRIER mala cupw 3068 Twenty-
fourth st
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English tpaniat
pupa; 7 weeks old: $5 and $7 5a I34S Volsom.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 TIUm it.
AWNINGS, tents, new. second-hand. SUN TEN1
A AWNING CO.. 42 Spear st; tel. John 64M.
FOR sale — Young chickens. 20o aad 35c: hens.
40c. 909 Treat av«., near Twenty-second St.
EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; only-
makers In State. BAKER'S. 21 Spear st.
PIGEONS — Homere, runts, all leading varieties!
stamp for catalogue. C Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand: pric-«
right at Richardson Bros".. 1318 Market at.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; t» painters
less. BUTCHER. "41 Mission tt.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHOV
TEXT A AWNINO CO..S5 Mkt. Tel. Bush SM.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia. Utest edltloa. SI
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister st. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter * Bad-
galupl. moved to 7S6 Mission st
ROUND camping ter.ts fcr sale; cheap; some)
new; 16xlg. 313 Third Et ; tel. Mala 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
SAFES and cash registers, naw and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 13_ Market st
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 13
h. p., cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 123 Mxt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 207 Battery st
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Buliard & BrecX 131 Post at.
SAFES — N?w and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market »t
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and la-inches;
all sixes. J. K. DOAK. 4S Fremont st
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents^ — The W««kly Call.
IS pum. In wrapper, fcr mallln?. SI per year
JIlSCELL-iXEOCS W.IXTS.
BIG prices paid far old gold, seal* kins. d!a-
- mendk gents' full dress suits, etc.; usd
postal" card. LICHTENSTEIN BI103.. 23
Stockton st
A BARREL of money for old Jewelry; value
paid: assaying prices slaughtered. Pioneer
Assaying Co., 157 New Montgomery st.
A— MORRIS Sives highest prices for *ladles*
and seats' castoff clothing; postl. 043 Folsota.
EXCHANGE. . bike cr kodak; latest Improved
home wasber and gas stove. Box lioo. Call.
557 SEVENTH. OakJand. pays highest price-
• for cast-off clothing. Ph— :e Brush 132.
BUYERS for "Veil of Isis"; send ona dime.
Book Concern, 600 Van Ness ave.
50.000 JAPS and Russians wanted to eat' is
Nick's restaurant 604 Battery st.
$20— BOWSER OllTank. self measure; oil ca-
pacity 120 gallons. 801 Turk st
WANTED— Second-hand billiard table. 1X3
Nstoraa st. between 14th and 15th.
HIGHEST price paid for castoS clothing. TsL
Davis 82o: t30 Sacramento st
DOG wanted at 17 Adam and Eva. st JOB
GALLAGHER.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing- aa4
theatrical ecog*. 13 1 9th st; tel. Jessie 2S31.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 48T.
MONEY TO LOAS. __^
AAA — HERMAN MURPHT. ~
601-e02-e03 Examiner batldtog.
Quick settlements; no 'disappointments.
fiave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgage*, undivided Inter-
ests: assignments of reau; property la trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided _•
teresta in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confUmtilt.
Whan Ton Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
wxr_. loan
A reasonable amount ea ; -"
1st. 2d or 84
Mortgage, en real astatsi er
Chattels, la city, towa
or couatry.
Low rat* of interest.
Glv* full particular*
or property or chattels
Location, etc. ,
Box 430, Call ofSce. ' ¦_•
SALARY LOANS—
Moaey loaned salartad peopla without se«_»
tty cr indorsement. kaowledge> of employer o*
anyone; confidential and courteous treatments
call and gat tarnm Drake. 433. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
' liberal advances oa diamonds. Jewelry, a: %
per cent Interest. Baldwta Jewelry Store*
84« Market: tel. Mala 1644. Branch. 1» Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry . sealskins
and valuables ; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton; phona Buah 4&a.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding- houses^ without
security: easy payments; lance business ta 4e)
-- principal cities. Totmaa. 833 Parrott faldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st ' (upstairs), loans money oa diamonds, Jew.
¦ elry and valuables at 2 per ceat per month;
absolute privacy. Phosa Bush 48 i.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market «t
LOAN3 FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER eent on funxitnr* er pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 29 Montgomery st. nn. 7.
MONEY ta loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HE3THAL'8./10 Sixth st
MONEY leaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
ON real estat.*. persora! property. E» W. Lick,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Mark?t
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. . Room 311. Mutual Sav. Efc. - bldg.
ALL leans cn diamonds and Jewslry 2 per ceat
mo. 8. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 53S Kearny.
TO salaried people without security: en furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. .143 Phelan bUg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up: no rei nova!;
no com. V. TREMAIN.' room 81. g Eddy »t
l\i FER rent on furniture aad planes; no com.
¦charged. • ELFV1NG. 618 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried penple en notes without
lndorser. MOREXX. €09 Examiner bulldin*.
' OFFIC E S AXD STORES TO LET.
FINE suite, new office furniture, carpets, fix-
ture* for sale at bargain. 3« Geary st.
A CORNER store, 24th ahJ V-ilescia *t3.; new.
large;. suitable for any business.
STORE to let. suitable Tor butcher. Inquire
I grocery storo. Sacramento and £rrJ?e >t<.
1 . - ~~ gATzars.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney- at-law^»«_Hobaj2_^Js^J^_^*rketst.
Tor Aa_tlo~sl Classified A£TcxUs«_aa;»
Sm Paffe -U. • -.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
Phono Main Il'.il; tCW Commercial st.
NEVADA, the land "of big wag*s; look! —
teamsters 1 . $2 87 a day; laborers. $2 60; drill--
ers. f3 10; the boss is here and gives you
written guarantee, your fare back in 10 days;
next bi? shipment Monday.
ARIZONA.
We ship to Florence, on the big cutoff; tlp-
tcp wages; 1050 mll?»; *10 50 fare; see us
cn this if you want to ship.
. Clark railroad, south, 30. teamsters; special
car leaving Tuesday; fare $4 €0.
LABORERS, ATTENTION' ¦
20. pick and .shovel men, $60, work 8 hours,
near city, 20c fare, call early on this; 5 Ital-
. Ian l&bcrera, 50c rare,, $2 20 day.
WOODCHOPPERS.
25 wocdchopp*rs, 4 ft. wood, $1 50 cord, toots
aud provisions advanced, see boss here.
Cook, city. $«0; waiter, camp. $-30; milkers,
?;«". acd found.
AT the California Employment Agency.
1 '. 3d Et., nr. Ca'.l bids. Phone Bush 4C5.
Office open to-day, Sunday. 0 a. m.
United States Government work.
f.O teamsters and laborers. $2 50 Cay.
Concrete and tunr.elmen. $2 50 and *1 day.
Muckers and driller!;. $2 SO day.
Fare refunded in 10 days.
SAWMILL CREW.
Fireman, boss here, $40 and found.
Lumber grader, bees h«re. $."! day.
Screw turner, boss here. $S5 month.
D laborers, rile lumber, $iu found.
Board puller. $45 a montii and board.
2 tall edgermen, $40 month and beard.
2 second trlmmermen. $40 month and board.
1 ofTfcearer, $t0 a month and board.
10 lumb*r pliers, £10 acd board.
2 waiters, far* bath ways, extra, $3 day fd. [
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 14 M tt. j
WANTED — Men who are now successfully en- I
gaged in representing wholesale tailoring I
Urns; tbe very best wholesale tailoring house |
in, the United States will give such men an t
opportunity to males mere money; the very |
best sample equipment, such as woolens on j
consignment, swatches, unlimited advertising
matters, etc., will be furnished:, branch i
stores wilt be opened without requiring In- I
vestment: sur* Income assured to right par-
ties: good salesmen will find thts their op-
portunity. Address A. K. NICHOL. lock box
020. Chicago. III.
WE are. prepared to supply very profitable per-
manent employment to several; $10 to $30
weekly comfortably poesible. Kushion Kom-
\ fort Shoe Co.. -1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
IN office of larce corporation, youns man o;
good education; salary'$2o per month Bcx
1426. Call ofnee.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop (revolving), $73.
MULLER, Dwlght way. Berkeley.
BOY wanted to run errands. Sunset Bazaar,
42 Third st
HAIGHT teaches the barber trade free at 647 j
Commercial st.
ALL
Men* to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
ttant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free. *
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; eend for catalogue. Address 4973-3
Easton ave.. Et. Louie, Mo.
BARBERS of Local 148 take notice— The elec-
tlon tl dele*ate to the International conven-
tion taktra place Tuesday evening, July 5;
all must attend. JOS. R. 2LEILY." Sec.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House,
2j7 Tblri st; 250 rooms: 23 to 50c per night
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
'dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS'.
STRONG boy for general work about small'
farm; wages $15. Address box 164, San
Rafael, Cal.
TRT our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; fcot-fprm shoes at $2 50; we pay
express er mail charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
BARBERS — 8-chair shop for sale: 5 years*
lease: best location in city. Apply eOJ Jessie.
A profitable outing; pick hops in August Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st,S.F.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 413.
SAILORS and yoany men < green hands) for
chips. HALLRKRT. S17 Jackson st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
PENSION Atty.,E. A. Bullls, r.40, Phelan bid*.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post" O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hctel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
k>i — 700 room*; 35= night; reading -rooms;
frea 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 56.1 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 60c. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HEL? WAKTEP — BALZSMBir.
WANTED — Salesmen this vicinity for patented
. staple article; $250 made by "live" men; no
experience; no "hasbeens" • or curiosity-
seekers need apply; write before territory Is
taken. CAPUT NOVELTY MFG. CO.. Gen-
eral Salesmanagcr's office. Chicago.
SALESMEN wanted everywhere to handle
' "Novelty Sign Cards" ; every merchant buys
from 10 to 100; SCO varieties; catalogue free.
Sullivan Co., 1130 Maplewood ave., Chicago.
WANTKD — Solicitors of food address and ap-
pearance: men and women having handled
Investment contracts preferred; salary and
commission. 414 Crcssiey building.
TRAVELING salesman by large wholesale
bouse, to sell general stores In California;
- position permanent. P. A. WATSON, sales -
manager. 56 Sth ave., Chicago.
SALESMAN wanted: a tourist gentleman of
culture., tact and fluency can secure a very
1 desirable engagement by addressing/ box
I 3152. Call office.
i TRAVELING ralesmen; one good man each
State: permanent; good pay; liberal expenses.
E. M. Arthur Co.. Detroit. Mich.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to take good
•filing article as side line; good commission.
414 Pevt st. upstair?.
EELP WANTED — SO— ICXTO&S.
COUNTY rights given for fastest selling goods
en the market; no capital; reference required.
J. A. LAWN, 509 Market st.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
FOR sale — A carriage and wagon material
business; this is a. good stand ar.d will bo
sold reasonable; rents $40; call and investi-
gate. BS-CO Dvbocc ave.
2-oTORY camping wagon; thoroughly adapted
to the purpose; attached slds tent; sleeping
apartment upstairs: complete In cietaH.. J.
P.- SMITH. 25 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Buggy horee: very stylish: fast:
large; 6 ye»r» eld. 1324 University ave. P.
O. box 303, Berkeley.
TEAM young, brown mares, weighing about
1800 pounds; ebeaj). 1100 SUcty-ecventh st,
Oakland.
FOR tale — Chestnut gelding, 5 yrs. old., size 16
l hds.; ittritKt hcrse In all harness: warranted
I sound. Address Harry P. Moore. Menlo Park.
AUCTION tale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
• or.*, surreys, bugsies. cart* and harness; at
I 1140 Folsom st
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round ; near Black Diamond. Contra. Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
COLT, broke doub.,$20; sad-lie mare, $20: camp
wag'n.$12; tent, <3oub. harness. 272S Bryant st.
FOR eaJe — Camping waffon, light expreas
wagon. 320 Nee st.
WANTED— A business buggy. Box 1419, Call
office.
FOK 8ALB— Light buggy In good condition.
nox 3582, Call office..
DRIVING buggy for sale: prtee $30; good
condition. Address box 2G71. Call office.
KUVV and second-hand wagons, all kind?, at
1615 Market ft, opp. Franklin.
TWO hacks and 1 3-ton wagon In first-clan
order. Maud 6 Stablea. Eddy ar.d Pierce «ts.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nese. work ind driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO'tET. • 5 ~
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for elr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & Co.. 20 Montgomery.
S-STORY house, cor. Harrison and Fremont
Bts., 27 alcove and s n«l^ room*; 11 butn-
¦-• rooms and toilets; suitable for boarding or
apartment .house ;• equipped with electric
lights and fuel, gas; gas. stoves supplied it
desired. Apply room 612, 328 Montgomery st
FINE modern house. 6 rooms and beth '; sunny
I yard; rent 520. 2756 Twenty-third st. be-
tween York and Hampshire.
TURK. 624H. rear — 6 sunny rooms, bath; rent-
ed last* $25; reduction to good tenant 2153
.Sutter, st. -;
PINE," 2T9O— Sunny northeast corner- residence,
8 rooms, bath and basement; in fine order.
STYLISH ' sunny residence. 0 rooms; 'servants*
L room In basement. 2023 Bush, nr. Webster.
Vo let — House, 9 rooms, bath and basement.
/>669 Linden ave., near Webster st;rent VH>.
V HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED for cash — Nicely furnished house or
flat, MRS. D., S13 Golden Gate ave.
HELP WANTED— MALK— -Contlnnefl,
OPEN TO-DAY,
SUNDAY, 8 TO 12. A. M.
A— MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor A cents.
We epeak the German, French. Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, • Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
- tO.OOO Men Work. -^Increase 60,000.
He has arrived, i.' ¦ Now at our office.
Representative of United States Government.
Work being done close to Wadsworth,
In State of Nevada.
Free fare to one to all, to you.
Cost only $1 office fee.
Concrete mixers, $75.
Call early; see representative at our office;
first-class food and accommodations; steady
job; crowds daily going; are you?
- I 8 good to us. We are good to you.
1U3O Miles. FLORENCE. $10 50.
ARIZONA.
Via Prescott- 8- p. m. dally.
Drillers, $3 to • $3 50. Center
Teamsters. $2 to $2 50. of -
Laborer*. $2 to $2 50. Great Mines.
Dcn't be stingy with your distance; get
"' ¦ C. ,? closer to Los Anxeles. •
The land of sunshine,- fruit and flowers,
.wheru -men can work every day at big wages.
635 teamsier*.
$C0 month for you.
FARE (by railroad) ONLY $4 60. ,
OFFICE FEK $1— THAT'S ALL.
These came at midnight by phone, tele-
graph, special mail delivery:
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, shop work, fare $l r easy and good,
$33 and found.
Butchtr. youua man, shop ami wagon, fare
70c. $30 and found.
Butcher, daughter work, ranch, fare $1 25, |
?5C and found.
CCOKS.
Beil boy, city, $25 found.
Walter for a mine. S. E.. $25 found.
Laurulryman, hotel, plain work. $25 found.
Night cook, camp. 10c fare, $45 found.
3 cooks, bearding hotels, $40 and $35 found.
Tamale maker, country job. $40 and found.
Cock's helper, for a mine. $30 and found.
4 dish and pot washers, $25 and $30 found.
,., WAITERS.
Walter, first-class city hotel. $35 found.
Walter, northern hotel, boss here, $30 found.
Walter. 'JOc tare, $30 found.
Walter $1 75 fare, $5 week and found..
3 waiters, city hotels. S. F., $30 found.
Bedmaker, country hotel. $22 50 found.
5 oorters and bell boys.
LAUNDRY HELP.
' Sleeve ironer, country, fare $1 25, SS week.
Body Ironer country, fare $1 S3, $10 week.
Poli«hcr.
Man fcr second -hand furniture store, $60 to
$100.
MECHANICAL.
Painter, carriages, wagons, fare $1 20. $50 fa.
Carpenter, city Job, $3 day.
Shingle Jointer, L. Co., Sonoma Co., $J0,
$35 found.
Plasterer, mix mortar, city, $3 day.
Ironmolder, fare $1, foundry, $3 to $3 50 day.
Blacksmith, Northern California. $3 day.
Blacksmith, Marln County, $45 to $50 found.
. 2 blacksmith helpers, $40 found.
4 plumbers, $4 day. country: sticker hand, $4.
CARPENTERS.
2 caroenters, fare $1 50, $3 50 day.
Carpenter, plain work, city factory. $2 50
day.
Wheelwright,- carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 00c., $4 day.
LUMBER. ETC.
Planer man and bookkeeper, lumber ¦ com-
pany.
•Gang edgerman, lumber company:
Bpooltender, lumber co., south, $T>0 found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
A sash and doer hands. $3 50 day.
2 lumber traders, boss here, $90.
Sticker hand, city job. $3 50 to $4 day.
Lumber grader, bees here, $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, $40 found. ¦ ,
Boss woodman, north, boss here, $90 found.
Gang edgerman, . lumber company, $75.
Head donkeyman, $60 found.
Logger who understands rigging, $60 found.
logger, Dolbeer donkey, $75 found.
3 men make stakes and split staves, red-
wood, boss here,' $50 fd. : 2 screw turners.
Ox teamster. $5O found; '1 carriage setters;
hook tender; 5 shingle packers; sticker;
hand; 25 laborers; lumber company; you'll
suit
155 woodchoppers.
155 tie and picket makers.
Tools, provisions, all found; good prices.
MISCELLANEOUS JOBS.
Man run separator. 12 cows, boss here, $35
found.
do little butchering, mine,' $32 50
found. '
FARMS— DAIRIES— 8TABLES.
12 milkers, $30, $35 found.
12 farmhands, $30 found. ¦;*£ .
S 14 choremen, koys, $30 to $la found.
12 stablemen, $30 found. $60, $75.
LABORE RC— TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and teamsters, %Z and $2 25 day.
5 laborers, factory, $60.
12 laborers for miner, you'll suit, $30 found.
4 miners, different mines. -•
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer Co.. $50 fd
4 farmers and wives, $40, $50. $00 found.
FOR A MINE.
, Choreman and wife. German or French, $60
found.
MURRAY &. READY.
634-636 Clay st
PLANING and sawmill. " Box factory.
65 boys or young men, $60 month.
35 men: no experience wanted for men or
boys: SflO; steady Jobs; call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay et.
4 CARPENTERS, city. $3 to $4 day.
Carpenter, mine, gold quarts, $3 GO day.
LOOK.
Butcher, southern town, fare $2 SO, $40 fd.
Milker, Colusa County, f40 found..
I Gang of charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, mine shaft work. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay St.
SACKSEWER. city factory, $2 50 day.
LAUNDRY, FARE $1.
Foreman. ?1« to *IS week; ircner, $15 week;
man;le hands, $10 week; marker and dist,
$15 week.
LUMBER.
Gang edj?ernian and grader, 5 saws, $2 50 day
Tall edgermdn, fare $3. $2 day.
ft lumber pliers, fare $3 r>0. $2 25 day.
Swamper for woods, $50 and found.
4 laborers, v.xods, Sonoma Co., fare $2 25,
$30 and found.
BRICK YARDS.
12 laborers, brickyard, fare $1, $60.
4 wheelers, fare $1, ?60.
3 bricksetters, fare $1. $75.
12 laborers, near city. $C0.
, SPECIAL.
Carpenter, don't need tools. $2 day fd.
Blacksmith, tool sharpener, mine. $45 fd.
• FREE FARE— WAITERS. ,
2 extra waiters, Santa Crur, $2 50 day fd.
3 waiters, fare $2 10. same place. $43 fd.
Cook, ranch, fare $1 10. $30 rd.
Butcher, slaughter, ranch, fare $1, $50 fd.
Man and wife, private family, chores, cook,
?.V) fd.
MURRAY & READY. G.14 and C36 Clay st.
WANTED — Energetic . man to manage • office
for large manufacturing company; salary
$1800 per annum and extra profits; must 1
furnish $2000 earn. and good references. Su-
perintendent, 12th and Johnson sts., Chicago, j
BRIGHT younfr boy for office of large manu- j
facturlng establishment; must be a graduate
of grammar school and live in San Francisco J
with parents. Box 3162, Call office.
WANTED — Accountant for credit bureau and
general office work: must be first-class ac-
countant; state .eatery expected and expe-
rience. Bcx S1SS, Call office.
COLLECTOR; one who Is -acquainted with
streets and had some experience preferred:
give age and experience; salary $10 week.
Box 310C, Call. .*
WANTED— 250 men to try the cleanest and
most comfortable lodgin«;-house In city, 10c
¦ to 25c. "The Bost" 607 California < at. <
YOUNG man. 15 to 20 years, to work at soda
fountain: experience not necessary. .Call to-
day. BLUM'S, -corner Polk and Sutter sts.
WAXTED — Experienced wash goode salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS*.
BRICKMASONS and cement workern wanted.
Beklns Van and Storage Co.. 1018 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced domestic, and wash
goods salesman. Apply between 0 and 11 a.
m. at HALE BROS'. _' .
DETECTIVES everywhere: good salary: no ex.
perience. Pinkcrton U. S. Agcy.. Milwaukee.
BLACKSMITH helper that can drive shoes, $40
and found. . ; J. H. DUTCHER. Llvermore.
ENERGETIC salesman to represent elegant
line. Box 14CS. Call office.
WANTED — Young man to share • room. Bcx
1404. Call office.
WANTED — First-class window trimmer ' and
card writer. Apply 417r419 Market, 2d floor.
MAN help manage outside business; pays $S0
month: $75 required. 1118 Market.- room I."
BARBER.S — Good-paying 3-chalr;. shop;' low
rent; call before noon. s 790 Geary st.
FOR "sale — Good paying S-chalr barber shop;
- - $»00. 232 U East; bet. : Howard and Folsom.
A MAN ' of '¦: indomitable ¦ energy and mish. a
¦ good talker, 'eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47S. Parrott building.
JAPANESE boy wanted for housework. 2414 '¦¦
Fillroore st ¦ . _ _ j, '.:\i\His PhyBician — You are burning the
candle at both ends.
Rich but Irritable Patient— Any
cheap, old fashioned doctor could have
told me that. When I pay. you $50 for
an opinion * you ought to iUse : , a meta
phor in accordance with the age of gas
and electricity.— Washington Star.
General Kuropatkin 13 a crack marks
man. When he was Minister of War
during a tour of lnspeqtlon he visited
Sebastopol and stcolled with the com
mandant along the boulevard. wher«
there was a shooting saloon. His host
Invited him to a contest and the Minis
ter accented, each to fire ten shots with
a revolver at fifteen paces, the target
being a piece of white cardboard about
the size of a small cigarette case. With
a revolver the general put all his ten
shots into the target, to the complete
discomfiture of the other competitor,
and when a similar target was pet np
ten paces farther off he repeatM th«
performance with the rifle.— Exchange.
Kuropatkin a Good Marksman.
The statement made by the Figaro,
to the effect that 1000 Paris cabs are to
be provided at the beginning of next
month with automatic time and dis
tance registers/directs attention to the
comparative conservatism of English
cab proprietor It is a somewhat sur
prising fact that, although rubber-tired
cabs appeared in' London <*t a time
when public conveyances in Paris ran
scarcely more smoothly than country
wagpns, the great majority of London
cabs are still tired with metal, whereas
It is impossible in Paris to hire a cab
which is not fitted with pneumatics. As
for time and distance registers, one
fears that they must be regarded as
beyond the. wildest dreams of the Lon
doner's ambition.— London Globe.
Thinks Londoners Slow.
On the evening of September 4,
1650, after defeating Leslie at Dun
bar, Cromwell wrote home to his fret
ful wife. At Sotheby's on Saturday
the letter fetched £121. The letter
runs as follows:
"I have not leisure , to write much,
but I could chide thee that In many of
thy letters thou vlsltest to me that I
should not; be unmindful of thee and
thy little ones. Truly if I love thee
not too well, I think I even not own
the other hand much, thou art dearer
to mee than any creature lett that suf
fice. The Lord hath showed us an ex
ceeding mercy, who can tell how great
it is? My weake fayth hath upheld.
I have been in my inward man mar
vel ously supported. , Though I assure
the I growe an oulde man and feele in
firmityes of. age , marvelously stealinge
upon me, would my corruptions did as
fast discrease. Pray of my behalf in
thee latter respect. The particulars of
our. late success, one Gil.. Pickering
will impart to thee." — London Tele
graph. : , -
£121 for a Cromwell Letter.
Thomas W. Lloyd of Montoursville.
Pa., writes to the National Geographic
Magazine for June:
On the same farm in Potter County.
Pennsylvania, are two strong, clear
Springs, which bubble up out of the
white sand with great force, and about
three miles distant is another spring
of like character. If a chip were thrown
Into each of these and could float on
unlnterrputedly to the sea they would
reach their destination many thousands
of miles apart. One is the fountain
head of the Genesee River, which flows,
into Lake Ontario, and finally reaches
the sea at the mouth of the Gulf of St.
Lawrence. The other is the fountain
head of the Allegheny River, which
unites at Pittsburg with the Mononga
hela to form the Ohio, and -reaches the
sea at the* mouth of the Mississippi.
The third is the fountain head of Pine
Creek, which flows into the west branch
of the Susquehanna ana reaches the
sea at Chesapeake Bay.
A Pennsylvania ' Watershed.
Saturday, July 2.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 2, stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 2. echr A. J. West,
for Redondo; schr W. J. Patterson, for San
Francisco; schr Mary E. Russ, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Newburg. for San Francisco; stmr
Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, Jury 2.
Stmr George Loomls, Badger, fifty hours
from Redondo. In tow, tug Sea Rover.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, fifty hours from
Redondo, with stmr George Loomls In tow.
VICTORIA— Sailed. July 2. Japanese stmr
Kanagawa, for Yokohama; stmr Queen for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Stmr Chleo, Martin. Astoria and Portlsnd.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, Crescent City.
DOMESTIC PORTS. v - £
BELLINGH AM— Sailed. July 2, «chr Nor
wood, for Ban Francisco.
BAILED.
Saturday. July 2.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
"Nobody was surprised," said my
friend. "We all know what life In such
places is like. A man can be happy in
Siberia on a lonely outpost where he
has no companion* of his own rank
within 100 miles, but there Is no hap
piness possible in a small Russian gar
rison town for a man of average In
telligence."—World's Work.
This passion for seir-sacrifica Is the.
keynote of the Russian character and
is cultivated in the army by every pos
sible means. The recruit Is Invariably
told the story of that heroic company
of infantrymen In the Lomakin expedi
tion into Turkestan who, at a critical
moment, threw themselves Into a deep
ditch in order that the guns which
were sorely needed at the front might
be galloped over their bodies. It is
doubtful whether this could have hap
pened in any army but the Russian.
If there is one thing in which th»
Russian army excels it Is marching.
Lord Roberta' famous march to Can
dahar has been equaled over and over
again by the Czar's troops Jn their Cen
tral Asia campaigns. When General
Kuropatkin marched a force of Turk
estan troops to join Skobeleff in the at
tack on Geok Tepe he and his men
were swallowed up in an unknown,
trackless desert for twenty-six days.
yet they covered over forty miles a day
and marched in at the end of the time
in perfect military order without a
single man sick or fallen out. It was
a "wonderful feat, but It was not re
garded in Russian military circles as
being anything extraordinary.
A former captain of the Russian
army told me of a friend of his who
lived for years In a small town and
was then ordered away to St. Peters
burg. In less than six months he re
ceived a command to return and
promptly blew his brains out.
There Is a monument In Turkestan
to several Russian soldiers captured
by Turcomans In 1379. They were, ar
tillerymen, and their euna were cap
tured with them; so the Turcomans
naturally ordered them, on penalty of
death, to serve those guns against their
own comrades. Every man refuse d»
choosing death by horrible torture and
dying without a murmur.
Incidents From History That Show
Rare Courage and
Patriotism.
GREAT SELF-SACRIFICE
OF RUSSIAN SO_DDSR3
In a case at Doncaster in 1836 the
purchaser, instead of paying cash,
agreed to take over the vendor's four
children with the wife. This was the
document which figured later in the
police court: "New Colnisboro, March
8, 1896.— I, Enoch Childs, is quite will
ing to take your wife and children as
mine, that is your wife, Ellen Tart,
and Sarah, John, Henry and Eliza!
Signed, Ellen Tart, Enoch Childs."
Though Lancashire is so* kin to York
shire no sales of wives are known In
the County Palatine. But in Alfreton.
in Derbyshire, a collier sold his wife
for fourpence in 1882. In 1873 there was
a remarkable case at Belper; the wife
of an absconding debtor had a halter
placed about her neck and was led Into
the market place on Saturday after
noon and offered for sale by auction
as one of her husband's assets. But
there were no bidders and no sale.
About four years ago Irthlngborough,
near Northampton, supplied a southern
instance. . A shoemaker paraded the
streets with a bell calling upon all per
sons to know that he had that after
noon "sold and bequeathed" his wife
to' John — — . He proclaimed the names
of two companions as witnesses to th«
transaction. The purchase money was
two shillings. Baring Gould cites sim
ilar sales in the -West country, and to
go back more than thirty years would
mean the extension of this subject to
Intolerable length, for a century ago
wife. selling was almost common.
That it is practiced as frequently as
it Is will; come as a surprise . to most
readers. In addition to these northern
instances many a wife is sold to-day in
the east end of London, but of all such
cases over the country only a few are
revealed to public knowledge — London
Globe, * •
TAKES CHILDREN, TOO.
, These are merely two recent cases
which have come to light The ma
jority of such sales of wives never
attain publicity. At Leeds Assizes in
1895 Benjamin Gibbons was tried for
bigamy. He admitted that he had
married a woman while his first wife
was alive, but he pleaded that as he
had sold her he was entitled to marry
again. She was a young woman
and unruly; even though he con
stantly gave her good hidings, she
troubled him, and, tiring of her, he
sold her to a soldier for 3s 6d. She
went quite willingly and married her
purchaser.
Again, at Leeds Assizes three years
ago, another bigamist offered the same
defense. In his arrest he stated:
"When I married her I knew I had
a wife living, but I sold her for 60s."
More recently at Stockport an elderly
man told the magistrates that he
thought he ;was entitled to marry
again as he had sold his first wife to a
chimney sweep for 18 pence.
In each case it will be noted that the
purchase money is small. This is not
due to a low valuation of the woman,
but a nominal sum is agreed upon to
make the bargain an actual one. The
legal doctrine of "value received" is so
far understood by the vulgar mind.
The sale, indeed, is the poor man's di
vorce. His honesty in this matter is
shown by his retention of the children
of the marriage, and his maintenance
of them.
Legends of Sheffield grinders who In
drunken bouts sell their wives for a
quart of ale are well known. But now
adays such transactions are no longer
conducted offhand. They are invested
with formality, as witness this docu
ment which flirured in a case at the
Sheffield County Court in 1887: "At the
Royal Oak, Sheffield, I, Abraham
Boothroyd, agree to sell my wife Clara
to William Hall for the sum of 5 shil
lings."
In another case the bargaining was
accidentally overheard In a publlo
house by a Sheffield journalist. A
collier's wife had transferred her af
fections to another man. and the hus
band was willing to renounce his
claim for suitable compensation. So
the parties assembled in a public
house to arrange matters. There was
the husband with a friend, his wife
with her father and mother and the
prospective purchaser with a friend.
The husband demanded £3 for his
wife; she herself said it was too much,
and her new man . said he wouldn't
give more than a sovereign. Finally
30s was the sum agreed upon. It was
paid over and the document drawn up,
signed and witnessed: "Mr. Taylor to
have my wife, Elizabeth Smith, free
from me forever, to do as she has a
mind, this day, December 11, 1893.
"YOUNG AND UNRULY."
SELLS FOR FIVE SHILLINGS.
Readers of Mr. Hardy's novels have
been reminded of the opening chapters
of "The Mayor of Casterbridge" by the
case at Marlborough-street Police
Court the other day, where It was
shown that the defendant had got rid
of his wife by selling her for a copple
of shillings. For precedents for this
commercial ' form of divorce. some Jour
nalists have searched the records of a
century ago and produced numerous
Instances of wives being led to the cat
tle market and there knocked down to
the highest bidder.
But it is not necessary to go back
anything like 100 years for such sales
of wives. There are sufficient modern
instances to maintain the assertion
that wife selling is still a British cus
tom. There are hundreds of people
who still believe that to transfer a wife
to another man for a cash payment is
a legal transaction and a valid disso
lution of matrimonial ties. As a popu
lar error it ranks with the idea that
if husband or wife be absent 'and un
heard of for seven years. the other is
free to marry again. In Yorkshire
generally and in Sheffield in particular,
this doctrine of wife selling is still so
firmly established and frequently prac
ticed that it has little less than the
force of a local law.
What reason Stanley had for main
taining: the mystery as to his origin,
as to his estrangement with his father
and as to hl3 early career, it is im
possible to say. For he was not In the
habit of taking even his best friends
into his confidence about such mat
ters. But it is quite evident that In
spite of all Stanley's well-earned fame
and celebrity, the dean and chapter
of England's national Walhalla known
aa Westminster Abbey, had some rea
son for hestitatlng about according a
tomb and a monument there to a man
who for some mysterious reason was
unwilling to shed any light upon his
origin, to enlighten the world as to his
parentage and date of birth, or even
to admit where his boyhood had been
spent.— Baltimore American. '. ;
Now, unless there were two Henry
Morton Stanleys who enlisted on the
same day at New Orleans, were taken
prisoners together, again escaped to
gether from Pittsburg and subsequent
ly re-enlisted on the same day In the
Federal army at New York, It is evi
dent that the bookbinder's son, Howell
Jones, and the famous explorer, who
died as "Sir Henry Morton Stanley, were
one and the same person.
MYSTERIOUS RETICENCE.
The name of Henry Morton Stanley
he took, not from any New Orleans
merchant, but from an aunt for whom
he had a particular affection and who
had been especially kind to him. It
may be added that no amount of in
vestigation, nor even reward offered
by some curious persons, ever brought
any information as to the New Or
leans merchant from whom the ex
plorer was said to have taken the
name of "Stanley." Directories Ig
nored his existence and no New Or
leans resident had ever heard of him.
Old Joshua Jones, the bookbinder,
was still alive when Stanley returned
from finding Livingstone in Africa,
but was too Infirm to travel to London.
Moreover, there was some estrange
ment between father and son. But the
former had no difficulty in recognizing
his boy in the pictures of Stanley.
It may be stated further that Thomas
George In his book proves by doc
uments, which are incontrovertible,
that the son of the bookbinder, under
the name of Stanley, enlisted as an
"able seaman" in the Confederate navy
at the time of the Civil War, which
implied previous seafaring experience,
and the fact that he was a grown
man instead of a mere boy, and that
this same Henry Morton Stanley was
taken prisoner, confined at Pittsburg,
whence he made his escape, and sub
sequently after his other visits to
Wales, above mentioned, returned to
America and enlisted In the Federal
army.
ORIGIN OF HIS NAME.
A curious reason has been put for
ward by the authorities of West
minster Abbey for denying to the re
mains of the late Sir Henry M. Stan
ley that entombment In Westminster
Abbey for which he had craved, wish
ing to be buried near Dr. Livingstone,
whose name and fame were to such a
degree identified with his own. It
seems that the real reason was that no
one knew exactly what the real name
of Stanley was, and the famous ex
plorer never took any trouble to dear
up the mystery or to vouchsafe any
explanation, not even when Thomas
George, a boyhood companion and
playmate of Stanley, published his
book in 1895, through the Roxburghe
Press, entitled "The Birth, Boyhood
and Younger Days of Henry M. Stan
ley," wherein there was a clear state
ment, supported by a wealth of detail
and anecdote, showing that Stanley
was not, \as generally believed, a
foundling ot the name of John Row
lands, brought up in the workhouse
of St. Asaph. In Wales, and the adopt
ed son of a merchant at New Orleans,
who had been his benefactor and who
had given him his name, but was In
reality Howell Jones, son of Joshua
Jones, a Carmarthenshire bookbinder,
and who ran away to sea. writing to
his parents from France, from Peru
and from America. He returned home
during the Civil War in this country,
spent a fortnight with his parents,
during which time he saw the author
of the book — namely: Thomas George,
and then returned to America.
when a member responds to a card
he is often compelled to call out hla
name or to shout an Inquiry as to who
called for Mr. Blank on acount of the
crowds, all of which is moet undigni
fied. But the greatest evil la the an
noyance given to members of com
mittees whose rooms are on the'corri
dors of the House by reason of the
noise and loud talking. Members of
the committee on appointments are
loud in their complaints and declare
that deliberations are often inter
rupted because of this anonyance.
Following the suggestion Mr. Wood,
superintendent of the Capitol, has had
an oak library table, fitted out with
writing materials and cards, six leath
er seated library chairs, four wicker
reception chairs and two wicker so
fas placed in the east lobby. A page
Is In charge and his duty is to furnish
the cards, take them to the doorkeep
er and have general charge of the
room. If the experiment proves suc
cessful, and there is no doubt that It
will, Mr. Wood will have the room
furnished in a style in keeping with
its purpose and befitting the dignity of
the House.
ANNOYANCES TO IMEMBERS.
This was never popular either wltM
callers or with members themselves.
In the first place, it waa too public and
it was too far from the House* and
the long corridor which had to be trav
ersed by members In response to cards
from visitors afforded persons whom
they wished to avoid an opportunity
to pounce down upon them. Here, as
in the east lobby, the privilege waa
abused, and early In Speaker Hender
son's administration carpets, chairs and
sofas were whisked away as If by
magic, and the House was without a
reception-room.
The result has been unsatisfactory
both to callers and members. Ladles
who send their cards In to members
are compelled to stand around the
doors and in the corridors the tafget
of all eyes and surrounded by cro-wds
of men.
IN STATUARY HALL.
This privilege was finally abused:
obnoxious characters made It a louns
ing place until It became so offensive
that Speaker Reed had th« furniture
removed to statuary hall, and here the
marble-room of the House was arala
established.
The domestic arrangements of the
Capitol have been g|vcna new turn by
order of Speaker Cannon, and another
chapter has been added to the vicissi
tudes through -which the reception
room of the House of Representatives
has passed. Again, as in the daya of
the Forty-sixth. "Forty-seventh. Forty
eighth. Forty-ninth and Fiftieth Con
gresses, the House will have a recep
tion-room which will be worthy the
designation If the experiment which Is
now on proves satisfactory.
This has been established In the east
lobby of the House. It was here In th«
palmy days of the woman lobbyist tSaf
the first reception-room was estab
lished, and from here ladles who wished
to see members of the House sent their
cards. .
Prices Range From Quart
of Ale to a Few Shillings
to Grive a "Value Received"
Will No Longer Be Compelled
to Stand Around the Doors
Amid Crowds of Men
Dean and Chapter of Edi
fice Deny Tomb and Tab
les-Explorer Is to Blame
WESTMINSTER CLOSED
IS P00E MAN'S DIVORCE
IS BENEFIT TO LADIES
Strange Practice Yet Pre
vails to a Great Extent in
Some Counties of England
Mystery as to His Parentage
Bars Eemains From Rest
ing in Place He Desired
Members of House in Future
Need Not Eeceive Visitors
in Lobby or Passageway
HUSBANDS CAN
BARTER WIVES
STANLEY'S BIRTH
YET UNKNOWN
CANNON ORDERS
WAITING ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,/ SUNDAY, JULY 3, 190*.
42
J^. MUSICAL 1XSTRU3IEXTS.
EXTRAORDINARY PIANO SALE— A carload
of high-grs.ee pianos from the recent Santa
F« wreck at Albuquerque have been placed
with me for Immediate realization. Tiie en-
tire iot have U-en placed In perfect condition
mid are offered for <100 to $210. These pianos
¦re regularly suld for $300 to $350, and each
instrument is accompanied by the factory's
original guarantee. The prices at which
tlie*e pinnoe are now offered does not permit
of flashy ads. and the sale will commence
Tu*sday morning, continuing until all are
sold. Eayy payments. If desired. SECKLER,
1M9 Mission st.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
r.ew and second-hand, from $2 f>0 per month
upward.- We have at this time some splendid
bargains lor piano purchasers. Olve us a
rail. We can assure you prompt, courteous
er,d libersl treatment. 6COTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660-62-64 Hayes st.
A FEW rood uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickerlng. Vose.
Bteinway. Steck. Sterling, Curtas. Neuman.
Krar3, Halnes and many others; prices rea-
»orab'.e; eaFy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the rummer Is over you cannot get
ruch bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up. apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
Ft.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright plsno for sale; ss good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
FOR *ale— 10 pieces M. S. music with
SO McAllister st.. care landlady.
AT firewood price*; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storage.1636 Mkt.
JCO FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
ca!l at HORNL'NG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; 155.
BTATHAM. 110 McAllister ft.
EO1IMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
p'.ayer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. 6CHMITZ & CO.. 1« McAllister at.
S-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
ehoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
PER SO > .V A LS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles and warti pain-
lessly and effectually removed by the electric j
needle; to every lady visiting my parlor dur-
ing the menth of July I will personally rive
a treatment of ELECTROLYSIS free; agency
Mrs. GervaJse Graham's cosmetics; investi-
gate my new method of fully developing and
enlarging the bust and neck. MRS. I. BAR-
RETT-WILSON, dermatologist, CaJlaghan
building. Market and Jones sts.
A FUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
fr»*. made to order for $15; why bay on ln-
rtaJlmtnts or ready made if you can get bar-
ratry like tblv? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market «t. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWFLL'S Fire cf Life, a sure cure for
rheumatis:n, paralyEl:, neuralgia, pneumonia,
i-cre throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 year*; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ItOWELL *: BROWN. 82 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Ftar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Us growth. stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp; at druggists'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no FUbstitute. Star RemedyCo.,1338 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
«kln. mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
tkilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
I'hormscy, :J2s< Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily worn: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
reccm. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary. S.F.
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly journal of information, plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
Cay for free cample, or lOc for 4 months' trial.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chrnllle-wove rugs, el!k portieres; dealer In
carpet twin^ In hank or chain, at lowest
rate?. Geo. Matthew*. 709 Fifth et.. Oakland.
FRANK G. ONEIL: Send address to H. E..
"64t>. Call office; something Important.
AT less than ccst; uncalled for suits, overcoats
end vcurers Rt CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 59
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post gt.. near Powell, j
Prof, de Loutsky. dermatologist: all facial
treatments; Parisian methods. 327 Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mrj.Dr.A.W.Traverse.U'O Market
TAILOR-MADE Full $7 50; dress pants $2 &o!
Misftt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restore* lo«t eyesight ; cures deaf ness and
catcn-h. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle ppecialist. 369 Sut-
tpr. r. €09. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE ccstumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 MkC
AUP_BOD_*a Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertl»?m»nts and subscriptions has beea
opened at KJOS Market St.. opposlts Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
PALMISTRY.
_— — -
BEE page 3 of 1 wonJerful cure by ISMAR,
the Gypey.
1
MME. KEEBOABOl located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone JaiOts 1. Classes.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
frcrr. Ka«t. CIO Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
DIVIDKXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings, Build-
ing and Loan ' Association — For the six
months ending June 20. 1SJ04, dividends have
tx^en declared on deposits in the saving de-
partment as follows : On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4H |
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
sb!e on and after July 20. 1904. The "Phoe-
nix " has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
• total paid in capital of $1,200,000. Its
beard of directors are: A. A. Watkins. presi-
<1»-ih: Charles R. Bishop, vice president; S.
Prentiss Smith. trt»surer; George C. Board-
mar., d! rector; Gavin McNab, director;
Charle* E. Ladd, director.
CLARENCE GRANGE, Secretary and Man-
acir.fi Director.
Dividend notice — The Giant Powder Co., Con.
A dividend. No. 67, of fifty cents (&0c) per
Fbare on the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 202. 204 and 206 Hay-
vard bldg., San Francisco, on July 11. 1U04.
Tf__er books close July C, 1904 at noon.
It. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tern.
OFFICE of The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
ets.. Kan Francisco. June 27, 1904. — At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend has
been fieclared at the rate of three and one-
fourth <3Vi) per cent per annum on all de-
poeits for the elx months ending June 30.
1904, free from all taxes, and payable on and
after July I, 1904.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor,
Mutual Savings Bank building. 706 Market
St., opposite Third— For the half year end-
tng June SO. 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at tee rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier!
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery *ts. — For the six months ending
June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
en deposits In the savings department of this
company es follow*: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 «-10 per cent per annum and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. li«04.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Assocls.-
ticn, ccrcer of California and Battery streets
San Francisco, has declared a dividend of
* per cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock. « per cent on term deposits and
t> per cent on ordinary deposits, for tha six
rocnth* ending June 30, 1904.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN. Sec. &. Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Market street
Bank, corner Market and Seventh sts.— For
the half year ending Jure 30. 1*04. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half (3.50) per cent per annum upon
ordinary deposits (savings department) free
• of an taxes, payable on and after July 2
1!W- W. B. NASH. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Saving. Bank
of San Francisco, 710 Market St.— For the
half year ending June 30. 1964. a dividend
fcss been declared at the rtte of three and
(3>i) per cent per annum on all
%£S?*S?£ t i 2Sr' wabl * oa - d aft "
CEO. A. STORT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Humbe-ldt Savings Bank.
IS °*X y ./ t "7 For the half 7W eD^ n * '«£
.in a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of 3U per c_t per annum, free
of taxes, payable on and after July i. i»04
. W. E. PALMER. Cashier]
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montromery st.. corner Butter, has de-
¦!f r C2»? 0'vldend for the term ending Tune
80, 1904. at the rate of three snd one-quarter
<3V») per c*>nt per annum on all deposits free
•r taxes and payable en and after July L
WOi. CYRUS w. CAHM_tfT. C_hjer»
rilVsiCIAKS AXD SIBCEOXS.
r>RTa~CrO'DOXNELL— Office and residence.
1021 H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
UR. BALL. 10731,4 Market st.
I__oi_D— Db7~WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four ye»r» at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Oeary st., rear Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHYJ successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all dleeate^ of human
by ute of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WO.VO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st. j
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell *L. tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
; PUBLIC ACCOUXTTAirr.
BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized; periodical audits and
books kept for firms or corporations who do
not desire to employ regular bookkeeper.
Terms reasonable. J. R DAY. public ac-
countant, r. 600 Mills bdg.. phone Main Mi-.
SPECIAL XOTlCEfl.
NOTICE- Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st., San Francisco,
has received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1. 1904: Margaret
L. Alexander. 11 years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson. 11 years 4 months; Juanlta Wals-
*vorth. 10 yeara 5 months; May Walswortli.
8 years 11 months; Vlclen Dunkle, 13 years;
Aileen Dunkle, 5 years 3 months; Doris
Dunkle, 3 years 10 months; Hazel B. Wells.
8 years 7 months; Emelie Delange, 4. years 7.
months; ilarla Grunn, 7 years 9 months;
Nellie Conoley, 9 years 4 months; Helen
Conoley, 6 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reeves, 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves, 10 years
7 months.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum |
Society herewith gi\-es notice that the fol-
lowing orphan and half-orphan girls and boys j
have been admitted to the asylum on Halght I
street from April I. 1904, to July 1. 1904: j
Nellie Armstrong, 12 years 9 months: Sarah J
Ellen Johnson 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell, 10 years: Lillian Postell. 12 years I
10 months; Julia Hoppe, 8 years 6 months;
Frederick Johnson, 10 years 8 months.
SUBAJC RUSSELL SPOTT3, Secretary.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT 4 STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941. JOHN F. COOPER, pres.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S 8torage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
MUslon St.; tel. Howard 041. F.W.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.. t»l. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
M. HARRIS, pension. 40 Ellis st. -
RESTAURANT, 209 Jones, has changed hands;
outstanding bills must be presented in 5 days.
~ PROPOSALS. ~ ~~
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley—
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids are solicited for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials for fire escapes
tor Hearst Hall, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office of
the regents. South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 6 o'clock p. m. of July 7, 1904.
Plans and specifications of sa_ fire escapes
have been adopted and may be examined
daily at the office of the resents from 9 a. m.
until 4 p. m. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
bond of bidder, in favor of the Regents of
the University of California, equal to ten
(10) per cent of his bid. with sufficient I
Fureties. conditioned that If said bid be ac-
teptfd, the bidder will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the
•Juty and obligations in accordance with said
bid and with the plans and specifications
which are hereby required to be a part of
such contract. The right to reject any or all
blda is hereby reserved. By order of the
Regents' Committee on Grounds and Build-
ings. V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
VIATI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' borne treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIA VI CO.. 23C4 Van Ness ave.
STyTTEJlIXG^ AKD^ STAMMERIXQ.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market.
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S.: private; established 3
years in 6. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Lester Prager. 23, 749 Ellis street, and
Rowie Hilgon, 21. 750 Ellis street.
Perley Merchant. 22. 850 Folsom street, and
Nellie E. Beal, 21, 611^ Capp street.
George S. Borba, 24, 116 Jackson street, and
Rot.e E. Frates, 19, Haywards.
Frank E. Carroll. 21. 816>4 Valencia street,
and Florence E. Navlet. 18. 2821 Golden Gats
avenue.
Cornelius P. Joorlssen, 25. 827 Texas street,
and Roue M. Calhoun. 23. 1341 Sixth avenue.
Pierre Loupy. 21, Oakland, and Adell Gas-
pard, 19. Oakland.
Paul Franke, SO, Presidio, and Ida R. Whlt-
fleld, 30. 1345 O'Farrell street.
Frederick W. Hess, 34, Point Richmond, and
Frieda Toning. 28, Et. Louis. Mo.
Alfred T. McCabe, 24. 600 Ellis street, and
Ltna B. Padgette, 19, Denver, Col.
August Hammer, 30, 2450 Fulton street, and
Lyyll Groonros. 21, 765 First avenue.
Matazo Sagara. 32. Sacramento, and Sal
laashlta. 19. 1329 Pine street.
Lyman C. Sharp. 20, Berkeley, and Annie
E. Keroblc, 20, 13ti5 Eddy st.
Henry W. Mclntyre. 21, «0 Halght street,
and Elizabeth Rabjobn. 21. 429 Fulton street.
Henry A. Bertram, 38, 29 Rlngold street, and
Estella M. Lillls, 29, city.
P*?ter Farrell, 34, 410 Bryant street and
Emma Talbot. 27. 2814 Howard street. /
Frederick T. Berlin. 22, city, and Anna
Pearce. 20, city.
Loring IC. Phillips, 26. 965 Folsom street,
and Barbara E. Murray, 19. Ill Erie street
Paul Fisher. 28. city, and Marie Shandel-
maler, 25, city.
Albert N. Daniels. £3. 1513 Noe street, and
Winnie C. Spain, 18, 1513 Noe street 1
George E. Noel, 25, 543 Birch a\'enue, and
Dairy Warner, 19. 548 Birch avenue.
Carlo Fossa. 27, 641 King street and
Rachele Sangulnetl. 18, 36 Boardman place.
Daniel W. Glass, 2S. Denver. Colo., and
Carrie Stoud. 28, Santa Barbara.
Charles Eckmann, 22, 88 Ninth street, and
Ernestine Grippat, 22, 8S Ninth street.
Harold W. Jacobs, 21, 867 Bush street, and
Pearl Oppsnhelmer, 21, 863 Bush street.
V. T. Junior Gohranson, 27, 1036 Minna
street, and Adeline Hess, 18, 2336 San Jose
avenue.
Franklin F. Donovan, 23. Vallejo. and Eliza-
beth J. Hamilton. 16, 671 Turk street,
Arthur N. Stllwlll, 21, 323 Lyon street, anfl
Florence A. Iredale, 18, 244A Twelfth street.
Lulgl E. Chlrone. 26. 24 Varennes street, and
Diaia Ratto. 19, 87 California avenue.
Ell A. Wlns-11. 64, Oakland, and Clara
Alderson, 29. Oakland.
EIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bs
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charre.
_-__—___ „
BLENNERHASSETT— In this city. July 2,
1904, to the wife of William J. Blennerhas-
sett, a daughter.
BRANCH— In this city. June 19. 1904. to the
wife of George H. Branch, a son.
BROSS— In this city. June 29. 1904. to the
wife of H. J. Bross. twin sons. A
COSTELLO— In this city, July 1 1901, to the
wife of Richard W. Costello, a" daughter. ,
GORMAN — In this city. June 29. 1904, to tha
wife «f Frank M. Gorman, a daughter.
LEIPSIC— In this city, to the wife of A.
Leipslc (nee Lugagn). a daughter.
MEAD— In Berkeley. July 1. 1904, to the wife
. of Ernest Mead, a daughter.
RUSSELL— In this city. July 1 1904, to th»
wife of James V. Russell, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city. June 26, 100* to the
wife of James F. Smith, a son.
EONNE — In this city, June 26, 1904. to the
wife of Herman T. Sbnne. a daughter.
STANLEY— In this city, June 24. 1904. to the
wife of Charles E. Stanley (nee Schmltt) a
son. " , ' v
WELCH— In this city, June 11, 1904. to the
wife of Charles W. Welch, a daughter.
MARRIED.. (
DIX— HEWITT— In this city. July 1. 1904. by
the Rev. John Stephens, Charles A. Dix of
Pasadena to Florella H. Hewitt of Los An-
geles.
HATCH— RENWICK— In this city June 1R.
1004. by the lUv. E. R. Willis' Irvin C.
Hatch and A. Louise Renwlck, both of this
C**y t
IHILDRETH— MORSS— In this city, July 1.
1904, by the Rev. Fred A: Keast. George D.
Hiidreth of Vallejo and Emma J. MorBS of
Stockton.
MARKS— SEAREY— In Williams, Ariz.. June
20. J904. Garnett W. Marks of _oston and
Anna L. Searey of San Francisco.
RASMUSON— RICE— In this city. June 29,
1904 by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. An-
drew Rasmuson and Irene H. M. Rice, both
of San Francisco. "
VON EICHEN— FRIEDERICH— In Alameda,
June 30, 1004, by the Rev John A. B. WI1-.
son. Charles Arnold Borle von Eichen and
Augusta Frlederich, both of Alameda.
WAGNER — RUBERG — In this city, June 30,
1004. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. John
1 William Le Roy Wasner of Los Angeles and
Lillian Amelia Rubcrs of Hilda, S. C.
ZECHER— SCHMIDT— In this city. June 80,
1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. L. Frsd-
erlck Zecher and Rosa F. Schmidt.
DIED. .
Barry. William * Hardee, Margaret F.
Bradley Richard Hurden. George D.
Brilliant. Tobias Kelly. Gertie
Burke, Patrick Kennedy. Charles
Bushnell, Mr?. Martha Lavin. Celestlne V.
Carroll, George L. McDonald. Agnes L.
Dake. Edmund C. Moore, Lester H.
Danielson, John F. Moscrop, Joseph
Demartlnl. Joseph Pierce, James
Dumphy, Samuel' ' Rehm, Elvira
Engwer, Arthur W. RIddock. Alexander
Flaherty. Margaret Ryan. Joseph R.
Gardner. Rebecca ' Smith. James
Gray, William T. Stelner, Jacob
Griffin. Josephine Stein. Eda.
Hand. Frances A. Stein. George
Hansen. Johannes Styles, Robert E.
BARRY— In Paskanta, . Tehama County. Cal.,
* July L 1004. William, dearly beloved broth-
er of James. Rev. Father Barry of
St. Patrick's Church and Sister Domien of
Dominican Convent San Rafael, a native of
Ustowel. County Kerry. Ireland, aged 20
years.
_TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
! BRADLEY— In Portland July 1, 190*. Richard
: Bradley, only son of Captain R. and. Mary
I A. Bradley.
lt7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
i BRILLIANT— In this city. July L 1904. To-
i bias, beloved husband of Sophie Brilliant,
i and father of Benjamin T. Brilliant. Mrs.
George Gordan and Mrs. S. R. Jacobs, a na-
tive of Russia, aged 54 years.
DTrlends juid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dajr
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1S02 Turk etreet. Interment Salem
Cemetery by special cars from Third and
Townsend streets at 11 :30 a, m. Please omit
flowers.
OFFICERS and members of Congregation Oha-
bal Shalom© are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral of our late member. Tobias
Brilliant, from his late residence. 1S02 Turk
street, at 10 a. in.
MAURICE KAHN. Pres.
M. L. STERN. Sec,
FIRST Hebrew Benevolent Society — Officers
and members: You _• respectfully request-
ed to attend the funeral of our late member,
T. Brilliant, at 10 o'clock to-day (Sunday),
from his late residence, 1802 Turk street.
6. ZEKIND. Secretary.
BURKE— In this city. July 1. 1904. Patrick,
beloved eon of Michael and the late Delia
Burke, and brother of Mrs. S. O'Connor and
Mary, Luke, Michael and Maesie Burke,
and nephew of Stephen Burke of Oakland,
Cal., and Mrs. Frank McKiernan of San
Jose, Cal., a native of the parish of Tuam,
County Galway, aged 37 years and 5 months.
(Philadelphia, Pa., please copy.)
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-22C McAllister
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUSHNELL— In Berkeley, July 2, 1904, Mrs.
Martha A., beloved mother of Dr. George
. E. Buahnell of San Francisco. Helen E.
Bushnell, Mrs. Grace B. Cooke of Berkeley
and Mrs. J. E. Saunders of Delta, Colo., a
native of Tennessee, aged 73 years 5 months
and 14 days.
CARROLL— In this city, June 30, 1904, George
L., dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Car-
roll, and son of the late John Carroll, and
brother of William, James, Margaret, Fran-
cis and the late R. T. Carroll, a native of
San Francisco.
lC7"The funeral services will take place
to-day (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 214 Halght street. Interment
private.
DAKE— In this city, July 1, 1904, Edmund
Church, beloved husband of Mrs. Marion A.
! Dake, and father of Edmund Deane and
Leland W. Dake, a native of New York,
aged 70 years.
ICTFuneral at 2 o'clock Sunday, July 3,
from the residence, 170W Turk street. Inter-
ment private.
DANIELSON— In this city, July 1, 1904. John
F.. beloved husband of Emma Danielson.
father of Gustaf and Albert Danielson. and
brother of S. Danielson, Mrs. C. Carlson
and Mrs. C. Johnson, a native of Sweden,
aged 55 years 9 months and 11 days.
ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late rest- i
dence. 1229 Nineteenth street, corner of
Texas, under the auspices of Magnolia Lodge j
No. 29, I. O. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery by electric car from Eighteenth
ancL-Guerrero streets.
DEMARTINI— In Eonora. June 80. 1904, Jo-
seph Demartlnl, a native of Italy.
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of E. E. Castagnetto & Co.,
643 and 645 Vallejo street.
DUMPHY— In this city. July 1. 1904, Samuel,
beloved husband of Hannah Dumphy. and
father of James. Samuel, May, Josephine
and Francis Dumphy, Mrs. J. P. Burns and
the late Daniel Dumphy. a native of Belfast,
Ireland, aged 49 years 2 months and 6 days.
C7"Nottce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
ENGWER— In this city. July 1, 1904. Arthur
Washington Engwer, beloved son of Mathilda
and the late William A. Engwer, and brother
of William, Bertha, Edward, Charles and
Mathilda Engwer and Mrs. A. N. Racouillat,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11
months and 9 days.
ICTFuneral services Sunday, July 3. at 9 :30
o'clock, at bis late residence, 870 Lombard
6treet, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for
Interment, via 11 o'clock funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FLAHERTY — In San Jose. June 30, 1904,
' Margaret, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Flaherty, mother of James J. and Thomas
F. Flaherty and Mrs. Annie T. Hanley. and
elster of Thomas Nolan and Mrs. Ann Con-
nolly of San Jose, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years. . - •
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 4. 1904, at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. James J. Flaherty. 164 Clara
avenue near Eighteenth street, thence to
the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, on
Diamond street, near Eighteenth, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GARDNER— In .this city June 29. 1904.
Rebecca Gardner, beloved mother of George
W, , Gardner of Southern Paclflo Company,
formerly of Cincinnati, Ohio, a native of
Ireland, aged 74 years 8 months and 19 days.
(Cincinnati. Ohio, papers please cooy.)
_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 312 Page street. Interment Cincin-
nati. "Ohio.
GRAY— In Oakland. July 2. 1904. William
T. beloved son of Mary Gray, and brother
of Peter Gray and Mra. M. Snow, a native
of California, aged 26 (years 8 months and
26 days. A member of Oakland Aerie No,
7 F O. _, and Athens Parlor No. 19U
N. 8. G. W.
GRIFFIN— In this city. June SO. 1904, Jo-
s»phine. dearly beloved daughter of Law-
rence and the late Bridget Griffin, and sister
of Mary and John Griffin, a native of County
Kerry Ireland, aged 27 years 11 months and
10 days. (Portland papers please copy.)
(C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of E. Castagnetto & Co.. 643 and 045 Vallejo
street, thence to St. Francis Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAND — At sea on board the British ship Port
Elgin Frances Amelia Hand, beloved wife
of Ca'ptain Frank Hand, and sister of 'Dr.
I L Beeston John D. Beeston,- W. A. Bees-
ton and Mrs. Dr. Nlckson ot Newcastle,
N. S. W.
HANSEN— In this city. July 1. 1904, Johannes
Hansen, beloved brother of Hans, Soren. C.
E., R. E., Klrstlne. Marie and Johanna
Hansen and Mrs. Marie Christensen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 64 years and 10 days.
JCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
- of H Fl Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
KENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan . & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«cr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. . .
Telephone - South 80. " ,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral "Directors and Embalmers —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,- -
NOW at SCO MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate rates.
F. 3. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 8L
MONAHAN, O'HARA&CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st., near Nineteenth. /
¦ m San Francisco. . /
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
. . JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
j —Funeral Directors and Embalmers— —
I 214 Eddy st. : Tel. South 876.
HARDEE— In this 'city. July 1, 1904 Margaret
F., dearly beloved wife of John F. Hardee.
and loving daughter of Mrs. M. Foley and
the late Thomas Foley, and sister of Joseph
; A. and Thomas F. Foley, a native of San
I' rancisco. aced V.i years S • months and 13
; days. : ¦ • , . - ¦ . .. •
_*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to , attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, .from her late
residence, 357 Thirtieth street, thence to
bt. Paul's Church for services commencing
at 1 o'.clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURDEN— m this city. June ». 1904. George
D. Hurden, a native of England, aged 45
years. ,,
- lOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(faunday), July 3, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chawl.ol James Hagan & Co..
4»-51 Duboce avenue (formerly Thirteenth
street), near Valencia, under the auspices
of Burnaby Lodge No. 194. Sons of St.
George. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KELLY— In -_ls city, July 1. 1804. Gertie
Kelly, sister of Thomas and George Meehan
«na the late Mr«. . J. Hagerty, a . natlvs of
faa "5 rancisco, aged 29 years.
r XT V 1611 * 18 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
* (punday). a t 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street,
thence, to St. Mary's Cathedral at 1:30
o clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city July 2. 1904. Charles
Kennedy, a native of" New York aged 60
years. , . " ¦
GTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
— VVIN— In this city. July 1 • 1904. Celestins
Virginia, dearly beloved daughter of P. J.
and Ella J. Lavin, sister of Peter J. Lavin.
and granddaughter of Mrs. E. Fitzgerald, 'a
native of San Francisco aged 17 years 8
t months and 6 days.'
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, the resi-
dence of her parents, 406 Fillmore street,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, where a re-
quiem high macs will bo celebrated for the
repose of her bouI. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCDONALD— In this city. July 2. 1904, Am_
L.. dearly beloved daughter of William J.
and Anna McDonald, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months. <
MOORE— In this city July 1. 1904. Lestsr H..
beloved son of Fannie and the lat« John
H. Moore, and brother of Benjamin F., Net-
tle and Mattle Moore, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 10 years 6 months and 21 days.
MOSCROP— At Camp Meeker, Jun« 29. 1904.
Joaeph. beloved husband of Louisa A.' Mos-
crop. and father of Mrs. Sarah A. Ellis and
Joseph Moscrop, a native of England.
(_ r FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Sun<Jay) 4 at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street (Mlaslon .Masonic Temple), between
Twenty- second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Court Occidental No. 6676, A.
O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PIERCE— In the City and County Hospital.
July 2. 1904, James Pierce, a native of
British Columbia, aged 37 years.
REHM— In this city, June 29. 190*. Elvira
Rehm, dearly beloved daughter of Jacob and
Theresa Rehm. and sister , of Mary Eliza-
beth and Richard Eugene Rehm. a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 monthsk.
C7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 3, at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 909 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery.
RIDDOCK— In this city. July I. 1904, Alex-
ander RIddock husband of Jessie RWdock.
and father of Mrs. L. Conger. W. N.. A. 8.
and G. H. RIddock, Mrs. A- F. MacPhee and
Grace RIddock. a native of Scotland, aged
74 yesrs and S months
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission
Masonic Temple, under the auspices of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment at Mountain View Cemetery by elec-
tric car ¦ from ElghTeenth and Guerrero
streets. Remains at 132A Valencia street.
RYAN — In ¦ St. Louis, July 1, 1904, of pneu-
monia, Joseph R. Ryan of Virginia City,
Nev.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter }
SMITH— In this city, June 29, 1904, Jaiies,
. beloved husband of Emily M. Smith, 'and
father of Mrs. Mary Johnson. Mrs. W. A.
Mahood and Willie Smith, a.- native of Eng-
land, aced 60 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 3, at 2 o'clock, from his late residence.
716 Brazil avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
STEINER— In this city. July 2 1904 Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Marguerite Steln-
er. and father of Vera Stelner. and brother
of Mrs. Kuhlenkamp. ¦ Mrs. Kachert. Mrsl
Fleming and Nick Stelner, a native of Au-
rora. 111., aged 30 years 6 months and 18
days. A member of Journeyman Butchern'
P. and B. Association: Butchers' Union. Lo-
cal No. 115. and Court Golden 'Era No. 36.
F. of A. (Chicago. HI., papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
TO the Officers and Members of the Journey-
men Butchers' Protective and , Benevolent
Association: You are earnestly requested to
assemble at the parlors of H. F Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street between Seventh
and Eighth, to-morrow (Monday), at 12:30
p. m., to attend the funeral of . our late
member, Jacob Stelner. Flnea for . non-at-
tendance. By order
BEN DAVIS, Sec. GUS LOEB, Pres.
STEIN — In Perrls, San Bernardino County.
1 Cat., June Lit. 1904, Eda, beloved wife of
the late George Stein, a native of Germany,
aged 42 years and 2 months. A member of
Hoffnung's Lodge No. 1. Od. H. S. — S.
E7Frlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
STEIN — In Perrls, San Bernardino County,
Cal., June 29, 1904, George, beloved husband
of Eda Stein, a native of Germany, aged 46
years and 5 months. A member of San
FrancU<*o Backer Verctn and - Bakers' and
Confectioners' Union. Local No. 24. and Eu-
reka Lodge No. 6, Od. H. S.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
STYLES— In this city, July 2, 1904, Robert E.
Styles, beloved son of George and Theresa
Styles, and dearly beloved brother of Gene-
vleve. George. William. Elmira and Maybell
Styles, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
months and 2 days. >
\jAi\kJ \jv AllA»»*^ci. t
Mrs. Bailie Ruddock desires to return her
sincere thanks to friends and Department of
Electricity who so kindly attended the
funeral of her late husband. Frederick L.
Ruddock. . ,Here is a Woo-Sungr milk "ad" from
"The Shanghai Times": "We open at
Wee-Sung in the south of the telegraph
company for sale the foreign milk, the
taste are sweet, the milk are pure and
the price are just. We haven't put any
water in it, if examine out, won't pay a
single cash. If you want to buy so
you will know the foreign cows chop.
Gen Sung Kee." -Wouldn't that curdle
you?
A Woo- Sim's, Milk "Ad."
The Exchange Holiday.
As the Eastern exchange* were closed yes
terfiar. there were no quotations of any consa
cuence from New York, Chicago. *tc. Th«
Pan Francisco exchanges were aleo closed, so
tt was a very ll«ht day all arouni.
Bank Clearings.
Local B&ck Clearir.Es for the week Jurt
•nded show a tain of $2.640.f>«2 over the ccr
r««pon(:inr week cf last year, being (31.091,820.
airelnet f2S.450.K58 In 1303. Tr.e clearings for
the corresponding week of 1902 wera $22,
491,423.
Merchants' Exchange Election.
The nominating 1 committee of the Merchants*
Exd-.anga has nominated the following- for
directors, to b« voted for at tha annual eleo
tlcm. July 19: William Babcock. E. W. Hop
kins, Leon SI ops. William J. Dutton. Juda
Newman. R. P. Schwerln, F. W. Van Sicklen.
E. K. Wood F. H. Wheclan, James Hogg and
Jarr.es B. Sralth.
The Lumber Trade.
Paclflc Coast Wood and Iron says of the
Lumber trade:
"The Lumber confiltior.s of this coast hare
not materially altered during the last, thirty
da.ys. Prices range about the same, while the
derr.and is regular, although not rtrong. Red
wood has not »«"aken«>d a particle and is nor
mal for this «eastvn of the y«>ar. From all cur
rent Indications it ig not too optimistic to be
lieve that a good, remunerative fall trade will
hv encountered. If tho dealers and manufac
turers will go ahead conservatively for the
next few mor.:h$ everything will come out ell
right. The jine conditions in the Pacific
Northwest are etill in an unfortunate status
sr.d relief doe? not et-em Imminent. The tame
troub'is that burden'-d May ere true of June
and the end is not yet."
Barley Export Trade.
In June the experts of Barley from Ban
Francisco by sea were as follows:
To— Centals. Values.
Great Britain 5«,616 $66,140
Au^tralic 2y,255 31,648
Mexico 40 48
Totals 83,911 $97,838
In June, 1SOS. the exports were 77,450
centals, valued at SSU.l.yU. In that month
BS.S0U centals went direct 10 Grtat Britain and
51.*<i0 centals to the- Hawaiian Islands.
Th* t sports by menthn during- the crop year
cnairg June 30, 1004, were as follows:
Months — Centals. Values.
Juiv. 1903 82.«>%1 $91,t>33
August 7<>T..^8S fe34,«2O
Sfpt«_mt»er 7"7,27.1 844,619
Ooiobr 1.07K.WB 1,333,134
November XW..S39 412.090
rwmtfr :.:c>. or.s 672,034
January, l»04 U».2?M 187,183
February 113,523 136.671
March 133.534 233.307
April 14S£03 1O5.4S3
May lrjl.Ora 1".4.214
June 85.911 07,836
Totals 4.201.7S3 J5.1S3.S44
The total exports during the eearon of 1902
03 were 3.54S.0C1 cental?, valued at $4,076,886.
Gr»at Britain took the lion's share of the ex
ports during- the year Ju?t ended, the exports
to that country 'boirg ov*r 3.000,<XK> centals.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section dl
rertor. T'r.iterJ State* Weaiher Bureau, for the
TVa?h!rrton Crop Bulletin, wrck ended June
2 s . is as? follows :
"The week was cool, except the last two
days, which were moderately warm. It was
generally dry. ercrpt light local showers oc
curred In the northwest portion on the 21st
e.r.1 2Cd. On the 22d and 2:!d frosts occurred,
wh'.ch were heavy in localities of the western
division, and severe In portions of the eastern
counties. Such vegetables as tomatoes, beans
and ex-en potatoes were cut down and fruit,
cora and rmall frraJn were injured. The ex
teat to which wheat was damaged is not
accurately known.
"The cool weather was favorable for tha
Clllnx cf winter wheat, except where It may
have been touched by frost, and it Is generally
Jr. very promising condition. Sprinjr wheat
Is reported as in pood condition In mort parts
of Whitman County but in many other local
ities rain Is needed for the success of the
crop. In forr.e localities only one-half of a
crop is anticipated. The wheat crop Is very
weedy. Nothing adverse is reported In regard
to oats. Corn has not b?en making progress
and hops need warmer weather. Potatoes are
in general bloom. Many anticipate a light
crop, although It Is early to form a con
clusion.
"Haying has been general throughout the
week, with almost ideal wcath'r for the pur
pose. The dry weather during May and June
has contributed to make a crop that Is con
sidered only light to fair, although secured,
fo far in splendid condition. In the moist
soutbwert cooatlea the crop appears to be
heavier." * I •
l] T ca*hcr Report.
(120th M«sridJar.— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 2. 5 p. m.
The following maximum end miotxnum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Breton WMH N<w Orleans 92-74
Cincinnati TS-T.4 Phi!.ide!r-hia ....82-62
Jacksonville '.iO-7* Washington 82-00
6t. Louis 7C-5t> N t w Ycrk S4-C4
£an Francisco 58-50
THl! COAPT RKCOKD.
" — ¦
STATIONS. I || |1 |f |a I
'¦ c c : : §
• ? . • '. '•
'Baker 29.90 74 04 NI3 Pt.Cldy .00
•'arson 1T9.74 SO 44 \V Clear 00
Eureka ::0.O0 54 f.2 KAV Cloudy 00
Ktv-mio 2TK7O :i2 «2 NW Clear 00
EE. Farallon..2».Rft M 51 N'.V Cloudy 'm !
Flagstaff 2».«;<i K! S8 KW Clear .CO
J'ocatello T>2
Indpp'>Tid«-nce 29. C2 !)2 'i fe Clear 00
I.os Ar.jr<lP5..2;rK2 m ZA W Clear !(K>
Mt Tainalpa:s.23.8(J 76 «J2 W Clear 00
North Head &O
Thornix 2».6rt JfM} 70 SW Clear 00
Point Reyes.. 29. S2 f.2 4» NW Cloudy .00
Portland 23. S« 74 52 MV Clear 00
P.r-d Bluff 2S.«« '.*: fS PE Clear .CO
P.oseiiunr 29. S3 Kt> 60 KE Clear .00
Saaamer.to ..2S.72 80 60 S Clear .00
Salt Lak«> 20. 7G S4 72 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San Francis«o.29.KS Mi W> W Clear .00
S. t,. Obl«po..ra.«8 72 5O NTV Clear .00
Han Diego T.*.M 70 CO W Clear .00
Seattle 2Ct.5><? 72 Ut W Pt.Cldy .00
Kj-okane 23.no S2 C8 KE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 2T».f« B2 .. SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29.90 78 CO E Pt.Cldy .00
V. innemucca .23.72 M 50 NW Clear .00
Yurna 20. CO 108 CS SW Clear .00
VTATIinR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is generally low over tha Inter
mountain rrgion and thunder showers may
occur Sunday afternoon In the mountains.
Fog prevails along the coast of California
from Kan Francisco northward with cool
weather and brisk northwest winds. la the
interior waeonable weather prex-ails, with
temperatures about 05 degrees in the after
noon.
Punday r-ronUses to be fair In California,
*xerj>t along the coast, wbrre foy win prevail
corning and night.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 500
head; market nominal. Good to prime steers,
$4^5 .10; poor to medium, |4 C035 75; stockers
and feeders, ?"-' 25^4 60; cows, $1 2S@4 30:
heirern. $2^4 75; canners, %l 23@2 50; bulls,
$204 25; calves, %2 50@5 75; Texas fed steers,
|3 MftS 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 8000 head, Monday
23.U00 head: market 5c higher. Mixed and
butchers'. $3 25@S 43; rood to choice heavy,
55 40^5 00; rough heavy, $5 25®5 40; light,
(5 2363 40; bulk of sales, $3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000 head; market steady.
Good to choice wethers, |4 25@3; fair to choice
mixed. $3 25©4; Western eheep, $3 C0@4 60;
native Iambi, $3 50@7 60; Western lambs, f ::
f}5 75.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, July 2. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 150 h«ad; market unchanged
HOGS— Receipts. 3000 head; market stronr
to 5c higher. Bulk of sales, $5 10@5 22".i:
heavy, $5 13@5 25; packers, $5 161M 25- plus
and lights. S4 50^5 15. ' v *
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market nominally
steady.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb.. July 2.— CATTLE— Receipts
200 head; market unchanged. '
HOGS — Receipts, 6500 head;* market 1 8c
hlrher. Heavy. J5 2O3T5 23; mixed., 15 15«>
6 20; llicht $j£ 5^17%; pigs. *4 60«5 bulk of
ealc-8, J5 17>£<r5 20.
SHEEP — Receipts. 200 head; market dull
and weak. Weetern yearlings. $3 75® t 25
wether*. $3 5C04: ewes, J?g3 60: common and
etocken, £2 &0@3 25; Iambs, $5@6.
Our young women are, on the aver
age, both taller and heavier than the
youn~ women of twenty years ago.
Our soldiers are heavier and taller than
those of any nation except the Rus
sians. It may be admitted that there
is a tendency in American families to
fewer children and a lessened birth
rate, but It Is a mistake to attempt to
account for such results by showing
that they are a consequence of too
much algebra and too little absorption
of phosphates. The girls are all right
and , getting finer and fairer as the
days go by.— Philadelphia Reco: d.
American Girls Are All Right.
day. The Stock and Bond Exchange will re
sume business on Tuesday, but the oil and
mining stock exchanges stand adjourned to
Wednesday.
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend of $1 per share.
payable July 12. «
The Market-street Bank paid a semi-annual
dividend at the rate of 3Vi per cent per an
num on ordinary savings deposits yesterday.
The City and County Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend on all savings deposits
at the rate of ".25 per cent per annum, pay
able July 5. This is an Increase of .25 per
cent over the rate paia for the six months
ended December 31, 1903.
. The Pan-American Development Company of
Mexico has levied an assesement of Cc per
share, delinquent August 5.
The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Franeli-co for May were $574.8C9. an In.
crease of $30,813 as compared with May, 1903
The cross earnings for the five months end
ing May 31. 1904, wero $2,087,035, an increase
of $200,378.
I BOND and STOCK SALES I
V .. .. ,.« „.„ T
Salefl of . bonds and stocks on the Stock and
Bond Exchange In June were as follows:
Price Dur-
No. ing Month.
¦. BONDS. ' . Shares
Sold. I Low. I High
U S Government 1.000 107
tJ S Government 15,400 103% 106
Bay Countien Power Co 7,000 101 101*4
Cal Central Gas & Elec Co.. tt.000 ..... 103V A
Cal Q & E Gen M & C T. . . . 40.000 85
Edison Light & Power Co.. 8,000 ...'.. 124
Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co.. 14,000 07 J OS •
Los Angelles Railway Co. ... 22,000 Ul»; 112&
All the local exchanges were closed yester-
Local Exchanges Closed and the
. Day a Holiday.
Local trade In deciduous fruits was of largo
volume, as dealers were laying In supplies for
the extra Sunday and holiday trade. The de
mand for Berries was more spirited than for
some days and Longworth Strawberries and
Loganberries cleaned up well at firmer ratea.
Blackberries and Raspberries were steady at
previous prices, while Currants were dull, an
usual at the close of the week. Good Cherries
continued to command high prices and Apri
cots. Peaches. Plums and Prunes in small
packages were in good request at steady rates.
The top price for ordinary size boxes of
Peaches was 75c, while open boxes from So
noma and carriers from other sections sold up
to $1. The canners wer« buying Apricots at
$20<g;30 per ton and paid $32 50 for occasional
lots of exceptionally fine stock. The local
trade purchased freely of bulk stock at the
quotations. Figs ruled weak, with supplies
still excessive, while Melons moved freely at
well- sustained prices. Seedless Sultana and
Black Grapes of the Rose of Peru variety were
offering and met with slow tale, the stock
being mostly poor. Nutmeg Melons appeared
from the river. A box containing 40 melons
came In and sold for $1 75. Citrus and Trop
ical fruits were moderately active and all de
scriptions stood as previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES^-$3@5 per cheat for Long
worths and 520J3 50 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $2 25@3 per chest for red
and $2 50@3 for black.
BLACKBERRIES— f.i 6004 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4(30 per chest.
CURRANTS— 40@50o per drawer.
CHERRIES— In small packages. 60c@|l; in
bulk, S@10c per lb for Black and 7@10c for
Royal Anne.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates, 50JfS5c;
baskets 25©40c; in bulk. 1H®2V)C per lb.
APPLES— Large boxen. 75c®$l 35; small
boxes, 85@50c; baskets. 25@35c.
PEARS — 10@75<i per box for small green va
rieties and $1 2501 75 for Bartlott.
PEACHES — iOcS$l per box or carrier;
baskets 50@75c; Urge open boxes. $l@l 25
PLUMS— CO® 85c per box, crate or basket:
Tragedy Prunes, 90c@$l per crate and 75o per
FIGS — 35@50c for. single-layer and 60075c
for double -layer boxes; large boxes from th»
river. $1 60.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 50@2 50 per cratf
WntermMons. me per lb.
GRAPES— $101 BO per crate.
CITRUS FHUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25$3
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
STOCK MARKET.
FOR SATURDAY. JULY 2.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,5S7|Feed. sks 15
Wheat ctls .... l.OOliWIne. gals 66,900
Barley', ctls ...14,843 Quicksilver, risks. 200
Oata ctls 1.130 Pelts, bdls ..... 45
Corn! ctls 921 Hides. No l.&ifl
Tallow ctls .... 204 Leather, rolls .. 180
Potatoes, sks ... 5,822 Hay. tons 728
Onions, sks 32.1 Lime, bbls 182
Bran, ska 380 Wool, bales 190
Middlings, sks .. 40
Receipts of Produce.
The feeling In Eggs Is much firmer and all
description*, even the lower grades." are re
ported in Improved demand, while ranch are
cleaning up. Most dealers predict an advance
on Tuesday, and one or two houses even re
ported eales at an advance yesterday.
Cheese continues steady at previous prices.
Receipts were 78,900 lbs Butter, 1236 cases
Eggs and 19,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21022c
for extras and 19@20c for firsts; dairy, 16@18c;
Jtore Butter, I.'IIj l.'ic; cold storage, nominal.
CHEESE: — 8Vj®9c for choice mild new and
7©Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
BViiSPlOifcc; Eastern. 12>i©14c; Western. ll@12c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 21@23c for fair to cholco:
store, 17@l»c; Eastern, 19S20c for firsts and
10V4«j-1Sc for seconds.
Butter closed the week steadily, held at tho
advance, but in view of the suspension of
business during the next two days dealers say
that Tuesday will find a large accumulation
to be worked oft. and most of them are pre
dicting lower quotations In consequence.
Whether their predictions will be verified re
mains to be seen. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cons for money... S0*i!N Y Central 119'4
Do f or acct 9oH|Nor & Western... 67%
Anaconda ..." :i^i Do pfd 8ST^
Atchlson 75 (Ont & Western... 27U
Do pfd OrtH; Pennsylvania .... 59 «i
Bait & Ohio 82»iiRand Mines 10%
Caa Pacific r.'S^iP.eading 24U
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd 42
Chi Great Wfst.. 14 Do 2d pfd 35
Chi. Mil & St P.147',i So Railway 23%
De Beers 19'«i Do pfd 87
Den & Rio G 21%|&o Pacific 4314
Do pfd 70'* ! Union Pacific .... fliu
Erie 24^1 Do pfd 03>A
Do 1st pfd «;0>4|U S Steel 10
Do 2d pfd 33'AI Do rfd &714
III Central 135^iWabash 16%
Louis & Nash 111 I Do pfd 35%
M. K & Texas... 17 '.4 1 Spanish 4s 86%
Ear silver — Firm, 26%d per ounce.
Money — 1% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 1 T^ pel cent and for three months'
bills 1?b P*r cent.
Butler, Cheese and Ezzs.
NEW YORK. July 2— BUTTER— Easy. The
official quotation for extra creamery was about
18c and there wa* scarcely any business on
the etreet at a higher figure. Creamery, com
mon to extra. 13&18C; State dairy, common to
extra. 13S.17C.
CHEESE — Quiet. State, full cream, small
colored and white. 6V4S8%c; large colored and
white. 6H®8c.
EGGS — Firm. Western extras, selected, 18®
ISHc: average prime. 17@17V4c
ELGIN. 111., July 2. — Butter firm to-day at
l"Hc per pound. Sales for the week, 900,000
pounds. (Holiday Monday.)
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
London Closing Stocks.
NEW YORK, July 2. — The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of tils
city for the week shows: Loans $1,075,031,500,
increase $*.218.300; deposits $1.152,»SS,8O», in
crease $9.«74,70C; circulation $3».209,600, in
crease $2XJ,0oO; legal tenders $84,980,700, In
crease $L0»;7,K0O, specie $23y,S71,S0O. increase
$99^,500; nwrve $321,352,500. Increase $71,300;
reserve required $2SS.247,200, Increase 82.318.-
C75: surplus $:JO,103,300, decrease $2,347,375;
ex-Unite4 States deposits $41,914,900, increase
$2,379,373.
Weekly Bank Statement.
The general tone of the Poultry market was
one of weakness, although receipts were light
and offerings less liberal. Western stock was
cleaned up. but there wore quite a few coops
of Callfornian still unsold at the close. Four
cars of Western, chlrfly Hens, were marketed
during the week, and the daily receipts from
domestic points were unusually heavy. As
previously mentioned, only young Roosters
were firm, dealers being willing to make con
cessions on all other descriptions. A car of
Western falls due to-morrow, but unless mar
ket conditions are favorable it will not be
marketed until Tuesday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 60; Goslings, $1 50«f
1 75; Ducks. $4g4 50 per dozen for old and
$4 60S 5 for young; Hens. $4 50@5 50 for
large and $4^4 60 for. small; young Roosters
$7 .".OS'.*: old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $5@
5 60; Broilers, $3@4 for large and $2@2 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, July 2. — Close — Money on call
war nominal; no loans.
Time loans were nominal.
Prime mercantile paper, 34g-4 per cent.
Sterling exchange was nominal, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.8710^4.8715 for
demand and at $4.8525^4.8530 for sixty-day
billa.
Posted rates, $4 86 and $4 S3.
Commercial bills, $4 bZK.
Netu York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle *B 60; Bryant, J(5 60; Beaver
Hill $5 60; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Greta $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. <13 In bulk and $14 25 In
socks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 914;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 60&13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels- for casea
add 6c; Linseed, 40c per gallon forT>olled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. caste, fl Kifjl 12; Lucol, 45c
for boiled and. 43c for raw; China Nut, cases,
e2V>6$0c per gallon; Cocoanut CD. In barrels,
BNc" for Ceylon and 55c' for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural winter
Pperm Oil, O3c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 67c; natural Whale Oil. G2c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, C5c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
C3c- light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil 35c- boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c*
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13^c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra fitar. 24c; Elaine, 26c; Eocene,
23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases 22 '4 c; Benzine In bulk, 13c; in cases,
l'.»M>e; so- degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c; in
cases, 31c
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
76c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7M@
7?ic per lb; White Lead, 7Vi@7*ic. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
t>any quotes as follows, per lb, in 100- lb- bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.95c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.80c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.70c; Fruit Granulated, 6.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.00c; Confectioners'
A. 6.70c; Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C, 6.20c;
Golden C, 6.10c; "D," 6c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxe«, 50c more; 60-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-live barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Baga, . 6i,4c; San Quentln,
$5 40; Wool Bags, 32@COc; Fleece Twine,
7©Sc.
General Merchandise.
Neighborly sympathy, as a rule,
turns out to be about nine tenths cu
riosity.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%e;
200 to 250 lbs, 4V4c; 130 lbs and under. 4^4c:
over 250 lbs, -»Vic; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows,
20 per cent oft; Boars. 60 per cent oft*, and
Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7*4©7Mic; Cows and Heif
ers, CHS7c; thin Cows, 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — »i&4^c per lb fgross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%®3»ic; Ewes. 3ff3}io
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5O«j2 75 per head.
DRESSED MEAT.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — e%^7c for Steers and 6@6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; rmall. SffO^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@S&c; Ewes, 7®7Ho
per lb.
LAMB— OOlOc per lb.
I'ORK — Dressed Hogs, 6'£©8>4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market Is of a midsummer holiday
character and quotations are unchanged.
Meat Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. %l 25f?2 per
sack or crate; Asparagus, 5&tfHc per lb; Rhu
barb, 35© 50c per box; Garden I'eas. 4V4@5c
per lb; String and Wax licans. 2f/4o per lb;
Tomatoes in email boxes and crates, $1 25®
1 50; large open boxen, $2 50&;!; Summer
Squash, 2.Vfi."e for small and 5<Vu73e for Jarge
boxes; Cabbage, $1 per ctl; Carrots. $1 per
sack; Cucumbers. 30@40c per box for small
and 75c©$l for large boxes; Garlic. 3®4c per
lb; Egg Plant. 50 8c per lb; Dried Peppers. KQ
10c for sun-dried and 124-i.«13e per lb for evap
orated; Dried Okra, 12>i@15c per jb ; Green
Okra, 20c per lb; Green Peppers, 8gl0c per
lb for Chile and 12Vi@15o for Bell.
POTATOES— New White, «1 60@2 per ctl;
Early Rose. $1 75^2 per ctl; Garnet Chiles,
$1 75f{l £>5 per ctl; old Potatoes, |1&1 25 per
cental.
ONIONS— New Red. S5c<g|l per sack; 611
verskins. $1 5C@1 CO per ctl.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables was
active, as usual on Saturday, but prices gen
erally had a downward tendency under heavy
receipts. Green Peas were the only scarce
article on the list and were quoted higher.
Small boxes of Cucumbers and Summer Squash
were practically unsalable and large boxes of
the latter were quoted lower. Tomatoes,
Green Peppers and Egg Plant were In in
creased supply and easier. Green Okra was
offering in small quantities and met with ready
sale at 20c per pound.
An' easy feeling prevailed In the Potato mar
ket and the weakness In new crop stock was
even more pronounced than on the preceding
day, as receipts from tho river districts con
tinued heavy. There was very little doing in the
shipping line and local buyers were operating
cautiously, as Monday will be a holiday and
increased supplier, with consequent lower
prices, are expected with the resumption of
business on Tuesday. One small lot of selected
whites that was keenly competed for by rival
Jobbers sold at $2 «5 per cental, but for the
general market $2 per cental was an extreme
figure. Onions, like Potatoes, ruled weak, but
prices were not quotably lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Independence day will probably be fair.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
Ikours ending midnight. July 8:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, with fog
along the coast; light north wind.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
north winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
with fog In the morning and at night; brisk
we*terly winds.
A, Q. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours endinr C p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco July 2,
1904:
till I % S?
¦S|"g| § ft Ks
STATIONS. £. §." o £ =3
c c ** 9 5"_
| • j I ? fi
Clovenlale S3 61 .... Clear .00
Ccl us* 90 61 Clear .00
Eureka $4 T,2 SW Cloudy .00
Fr«zno 9« «2 XW Clear .00
Hanford 89 57 Clear .00
I Independence «2 64 BE Clear .00
; King City S3 69 X Foggy .00
LJvermore 85 50 .... Clear .00
Los Angeles SO 66 W Clear .00
Merced 09 47 .... Clear .00
Newcastle 06 73 SE Clear .00
Newman 100 57 .-Clear .00
Palermo 05 56 .... Clear .00
Red Eluff 0C CS SB Clear .00
Riverside 84 4« .... Clear .00
Sacramento 86 60 S Clear .00
San Diego 70 60 W Clear .00
San Francisco 63 50 W Clear .00
San Jose 76 54 Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo. ... 72 50 NW Clear .00
Santa Maria 68 55 .... Clear .00.
i-'arna Rosa 75 61 .... Clear .0<>
Stockton S7 60 .... Clear .00
Willows 94 6S S Clear .00
WEATHER CROP CONDITIONS.
Riverside — Oranges all shipped except late
Valencias.
Santa Maria — Cool weather, foggy mornings,
favorable for beans and beets; grain threshing
average.
Colusa — Pears, prunes and plums la good
condition; fair crop.
Willows — Wheat harvest progressing nicely.
Palermo— Almond crop looking well.
San Jose — Prune crop estimated at 4000 car*.
King City — Foggy mornings; farmers hauling
and siorlr.z grain.
Newman — Grasshoppers still troublesome.
Livermcre — Nearly 2000 acre* In beets at
Pleasantoc.
Cloverdale — Olives getting large.
Santa Rosa — Weather favorable for growing
crops.
Hanford — Good prospects for fruit and grain.
A- G. McADIE.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under uuotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 8%c; medium. SVic; light, 8c; Cow
Hides.' Sc for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
6c: Salted Kip 9e; Salted Veal, 10c: Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides, 10c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf.' 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25t?30c each;
short Wool, 4C«Kt»So rach; medium, 70@00c: long
Wool $1©1 50'; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large' and %2<S'- &0 for medium; $1 2r>©l 75 for
email and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1$J1 23
for .small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. ZQQ32X^c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium. Sac; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4U@4'^c p*r lb;
No. 2 3%«Mc; grease. 2^@3c.
WOOL — Spring Ciip — Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 17?T19e: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months', lC@12c; do 7 months'. 9@llo per lb;
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12@15c
for defective; Northern, 16@lSc for free and
14Q;lGc for defective; Nevada, 13@16c, accord
ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 25@2"V4c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1004 crop are quoted
at 17V4C2OC.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Sterling Exchange sixty days... — $4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8s%
New York Exchange sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce 67?i
Mexican Dollars 46V* @ 4t!Vj
. INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 213
Berlin on London .' 20 40^4
Paris on London ..: 25.18
The only change worthy of note was a fur
ther advance of '4c in Silver.
The Gaelic brought from Japan fiOO.OQO Jap
anese roIJ yen. valued In round numbers at
$250,000.
LOCAL.
Exchange and Bullion.
(Note — As the Grain Exchange was not in
session yesterday there was no business In
cereals or their products, and the quotations
are accordingly omitted.)
At Mannheim on the Rhine the
American importers have their rag
picking houses, where the rags are col
lected from all over Europe, the dis
ease-infected Levant not excepted, and
where women and children, too poor
to earn a better living; work day after
day, with wet sponges tied over their
mouths, sorting these /ilthy scraps for
shipment to New York. Our best papers
are made of these rags and our common
ones of wood pulp, which is obtained
by grinding and macerating huge
blocks from some of our soft-wooded
forest trees. — New York Commercial.
It is not a pleasant thought that the
brilliant white note paper that your
hand rests on may have in It fibers
from the filthy garment of some Egypt
ian fellah after it has passed through
all the stages of decay until It is saved
by a ragpicker from the gutter of an
Egyptian town; and yet it is a fact
that hundreds of tons of Egyptian rags
are exported every year into America
to supply our paper mills.
Note Paper Materials.
But the matter will now have to be
taken up with the State Department,
for it has become public property, that
the sacred soil of Japan was invaded
without authority or warrant , by an
officer employed by the United States.
The fact that the officer was only a
poor, misguided bicycle .policeman does
not seem to ameliorate the sensitive
situation.— New York Tribune.
The colored porter or the legation,
a bicycle policeman and the speed laws
of the district figured prominently in
the first chapter of this harrowing tale.
The porter, a long limbed, vigorous
young uegro, "was pedaling too rapidly
along Massachusetts avenue about a
week ago. A bicycle policeman swung
around .the corner of Fourteenth street,
saw the vision of ebony flashing down
the avenue ahead of him and gave
chase, after emitting two or three loud
cries of "Stop!" The porter looked
around, measured the distance, con
cluded that .he could outpedal the po
liceman and "humped himself." The
chase led down Massachusetts avenue
to Sixteenth street, north on Sixteenth
to N street, and back east on N street
to No. 1310, where the Mikado's little
inviolable extraterritorial plat is sit
uated. By the time the porter reached
the legation the policeman was close
behind him. Off his wheel leaped the
porter, and in lees time than it takes
to tell about it he had dragged the
bicycle across the sidewalk to the fence,
lifted it over and leaped after it. The
policeman gained on him in this ma
neuver, and just as the porter reached
the top of the stairway leading to the
basement the officer's hand was on his
collar. The porter thereupon dropped
his wheel in the path of the policeman
and went down the steps.
The policeman fell over the wheel
and bumped down the stairs and pick
ed himself up as the porter vanished
through the door. The pursued did
not have time to Hose the door after
him, and, without pausing to think of
the awful crime he was committing,
the policeman dashed in. He caught
sight of the porter climbing the stairs
to the first floor and, still unheedful of
his international trespass, dashed after
him. Somewhere in the Oriental dra
peries of the first floor the porter
eluded his pursuer and tne policeman,
mad clear through from his bumps,
began a systematic search of the prem
ises. How long he looKed he did not
know, but suddenly a commanding
voice brought him to a halt. He found
himself surrounded by stern faced
Japanese, who looked him through and
through.
"What are you doing here?" the po
liceman heard one of them ask him
in excellent English.
"I am looking for the fellow that I
chased in here," stammered the police
man, beginning to feel uncomfortable.
"Do you know where you are?" the
commanding voice inquired.
"No, and I don't care," retorted the
policeman, angrily. "I want to arrest
that colored fellow."
"This is the Japanese legation and
you are a trespasser. It may go hard
with you for breaking the law of na
tions."
The policeman tried to explain his
position, but the officials would listen
to no excuses. Chancellor Stevens was
called in and after a conference man
aged to appease their wrath sufficiently
to allow the matter to be dropped for
the present, "if no publication was
| made of the occurrence." If the affair
j became public it was insisted, how
| ever, it would have to be taken up
I diplomatically and the least that could
then be done would be the discharge
of the policeman and an apology from
the United States.
The chancellor of the Japanese lega
tion at Washington is in great distress
over the publication of an incident that
took place at Minister Takahira's resi
dence a few days ago. The occurrence
itself did not amount to much, but It
may, nevertheless, result in an "inter
national affair." In order to prevent it
from assuming such tremendous pro
portions Chancellor Stevens strained
every nerve to bottle up the news and
thought for a time that he had suc
ceeded.
Chasing a Negro Into Legation Build
ing May Give Rise to Inter
national Inquiry.
WASHINGTON POLICBIAX
INVADES JAPANESE SOIL
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. July 2.— WHEAT— Walla Wai
la, 67ge0c; blueetem. 77c; valley. "Sc.
TACOMA. July 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem 79c: club. C6.
LOCAL MARKETS.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
COTTOLEXE — One half barrel. S%c; threw
half barrel*. 8V4c: one tierce, 8 He; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb. .,
With Chicago closed down and the general
exodus from this city into the country, yester
day was a very dull day.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy. 10%c fcr light medium. 12%c for light.
13V4ofor extra light and 16c for sugar
cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13'4c; Cali
fornia Hams. 12 s ,4c; Mesa Beef, $10©
10 60 per bbl; extra Mess. $ll@ll CO; Family.
$12@12 50; prime MeFS Pork, $14 50; extra
clear. $21- Mesa $17 00; Dry Salted Pork, 9Vic;
Pig Pork. $21; Pigs* Feet. $5; Smoked Beef,
14c per lb. . ¦ -
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6-iJ6V4c per lb for
common and 9c for pure; .half-barrels. pur«,
&>,ic; 10-lb Uns. O^c; &-lb tins. 3%c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
Provisions.
TACOMA. July 2.— Clearings. $236,742; bal
ances. $41,273.
PORTLAND. July 2. — Clearings, • $465,541;
oalances. $59,153.
SPOKANE, July 2.— Clearing* $417,410;
balances. $43,502
SEATTL.K, July 2.— Clearings $720,560: bal
ances, $119,494.
Northern Business.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 4% 6 5%
Closing .-. 6 4*4 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 20 30 20 60
Closing 20 30 20 60
Flour-
Opening 28 20 27 90
Closing 28 20 27 90
Foreign Futures.
Yesterday a closed day throughout the country.
Silver again advances y^c. ExcJiange unchanged.
Bank clearings gain $2,640,000 over last year.
Pine Lumber trade is in unsatisfactory condition.
Arrival of $250,000 in gold yen from Japan.
Butter steadily held, with liberal supplies.
Eggs very firm and beginning to clean up.
Provision market very dull and unclianged.
Local Meat market of a holiday character.
Potatoes continue in ample supply and easy. Onions xvcak.
Vegetables in large supply, but selling zvell.
Poultry still weak, but no lower.
Fresh Fruits in active demand fcr the Fourth.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FRUITS — New crop futures — Apricots. 7©
9%c: Peaches. 5%©6%c per lb. Old crop —
Evaporated Apples. 6@7c; sun-dried, 3©4%c.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2@2%o for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50- lb boxes— Loose Muscatels, 4 -crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4}ie; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose. 8-crown. 4e; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; seedless
Muscatels. 3%cj do floated, 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins, 16-oz cartons, fancy, O'.yc; choice. 6}4c;
12-oz cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy 5%c; choice. 6c; Imperial clus
"tcrs $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; ¦ London
Layers. 3-crown $1 35; 2-crown, $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%®14c;
No. 2 llV&©12c: No. 1 hardshell, 13©13^c;
No. 2," ll@ll%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
rleJs, ll%c for I X L, lie for No' Plus Ultra
and 9V4c for Lanpuedoc: Peanuts, C@7o fcr
Eastern: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. .$150ft.V
HONEY— Comb. 11%®12%c for white and
lOgllc for amber; water white extracted, 5®
6c; light amber extracted, 4%Q;5c; dark,
3%ff-ic. . ' '
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nu ts, Raisins, Ho n cy.
The Civil Service Commission has
furnished to the House Committee on
Civil Service Reform a statement
showing that the total number of ex
soldiers and ex-sallors of the Civil War
employed In the" executive department
at Washington is 2176 and the widows
of veterans so employed 383. The in
formation was asked in view of com
plaints that there are many superan
nuated clerks on the pay rolls.
The largest number of veterans — 641 —
is employed in the Interior Depart
ment, while the Treasury Department
carries 553 and the War Department
347. There are only twenty-three vet
erans on the Navy Department roll and
only seven In the State Department.
The ages of the old soldiers and sail
ors vary from 50 to 82 years. There are
217 who are 61 years old, while those
younger form the next larger class, 197
in number. Nearly two-thirds, or 13S3,
are from 58 to 65 years of age. Those
over 70 years of age number 226, and of
this number eleven are over 80.
The veteran with the longest service
'is 77 years old. He has served flfty-two
years. Nearly two-thirds, or 1332 of the
2175 veterans, receive salaries ranging
from $1200 to $2500 per annum, while
sixty-six receive more than $2300 per
annum. Those receiving $340 or less
number 476. The veterans and their
widows constitute 10 per cent of the
number of persons employed in the de
partments and Government Printing
Office in Washington.— Chicago Chron
icle.
of the Department Em
ployes.
CIVIL WAR VETERANS ,v*
HOLD THE POSITION'S
They Comprise Fully Ten Per Cent
L A-Pac R R 1st Con Mtj;.. T.000 101 tf 101%
Market-street Cable Co 8,000 117
Market-st Ry 1st Cons Mtg. 1.000 UV£
Northern Ry Co of Cal..... 29.000 107 107%
North Pac Coast R R 10,000 104 106»i
Northern Cal Ry.... 5.000 lio£
Northern Cal Power Co 2,000 OS 99
North Shore R R 12,000 05% 100U
Oakland Transit Co 6,000 119^
Oakland Transit 42,000111 111%
Pacific Gks Improvement... 5,000 92 Vi
Pacific Electric Ry Co 31.000 . 105
Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry. . 13,000 8G% 07 %\
S F & San Joaquln Valley... 27,000 116U 116^4
S P R R of Arizona (1909).. 40,000 10814 10S^
S P R R of Arizona (1910).. 7.000 109% 109%
S P R R of Cal, Series A... 23,000 102%
8 P R R of Cal.. • 8,000 105
S PR R of Cal :. 12,000 115%
S P R R 1st Cons (stamped). 88,000 108 108 Vt
Spring Valley W 1st mtg. . . 29,000 104% 105U
Sprlns Valiey W, 2d mtgr... 21,000 SJSVi 09%
Spring Valley W. 3d mtgr... 5.000 98%
Water Stocks — |
Spring Valley Water Co 1.316 87% 3S*i
Gas and Electric Stocks —
Central Light & Power Co.. 50 8% •
Mutual Elec Light Co 160 12%
S F Gas and Eleo Co S47 60% 61H j
Insurance Stocks —
Fireman's Fund 13 310
Bank Stocks —
Bank of California 15 425 427%
Mercantile Co 60 210
Street R R Stocks —
California 100 1M
Presidio 25 42
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co 176 60% 61
Sugar Stocks —
Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co. 740 -49% 51%
Honokaa Sug-ar Co ' 35 11% It
Hutchinson Sugar Plan.... 205 7% 8%
Makawell Sugar Co 150 21% 21%
Paauhau Sugar Plan 220 12% 13*
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' Assn 140 136% 138%
Cal Fruit Canners' Assn 120 97% 09
Cal Wine Association 175 89*4 90%
Oceanic Steamship Co 555 4% 4%
per box. as to size and quality; Valencias,
$1 60@2 SO: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 60@2;
Lemons. $2 50@2 75 for fancy, $1 B0@l 75 for
choice and $101 25 for standard: Grape Fruit,
SI 60@2 50; Mexican Limes. $4@4 CO per case;
Bananas. $2{?3 per bnnch tor Central American
and Jl@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, 11 CO®
2 60 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 1904.
Miscellaneous Markets.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
AUCTION SALES
One Hundred and Twenty-Five
Horses for Sale!
By order of Win. Juell of Hocklin. CaL
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION 123 horte*.
This consignment consists of a chotc* lot o£
young geldings and mares, broken aad un-
broken, -weighing from 1000 to 1400 poaads.
Sale takes placs oa
Wednesday, July 6, at II a. m.
At J. B. KORAN'S SALE YARD3, corner
TENTH AND BRYANT ST3.
Horses caa be seen at yards at any tfcna
previous to sale.
S. WATKIN3. Aucttoner.
.fei fe fe
Just Arrived.
30 FINE DRIVING and WAGON IIORSES all
WELL BROKEN. SEVERAL MATCHED
TEAMS AND BLACK SADDLE HORSES.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 Third st.. Near Folsom.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
*v_^^ By order of D. Selmen of San Jos«, I
*i*" will sell at auction, one car ot all-
purpose horses, with a lot of good wagon*,
buggies, surreys. cart3 and harness at 1140
Folaom St.. Tuesday. July 5. at 11 a. m.
WILLIAM CLOUOII, Auctlonegr.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y^f H^ijv Trains leave aad ars da*
/^vf*"Vxr,^V *° arrive at
hL^^|2|SAN FRANCISCO.
V^~2H5~7t// '»o« j^ i ' t s. 1*0*.
(Tcot of Market Street)
lllTT — MAIN LINE. - -t.nrr.*
700a V»e*TiHe. WlaMrt, Kunu«r 7.50o
7-OOa Benlcla, Klmlraand 9»erameDto.. 7^Q(»
7.30a Valley Napa. taiUtogv Saata
,_ Boss. Martlaei. San I-Uman B-SOp
/Joa Mlea.Trscy. Lathron, Stockmn.... 7.20i»
S4)0A8hMta KxprtM- (Via Da»U>,
W!iiii»mi (for Barilet: Spr!n»s>.
"Willows. *Frat«. Ke4 BinX
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.50j»
B-OUA D»t<«. Wocy'.Tani. K nUV.n L«Dd»g.
MaryiTrmo, Chtro. uroTllls 7-50j»
E-30A Port Coata. Martin*:. Anttoca,
Byron, Tracy, Stookcon. New-
man. Los Daaos. M e n d o t a,
Armona, Ilanford, VI tails,
PorterTllle 4.23*
840*Pon Costa, Modesto. Merced,
Tresoo, U»h<i Jsaceloa, llaa-
ford. Vlaalla. Bakentleld 453^
SJCA ITllea. San Jose, Lirrrmore, Sioek-
ton, (tMillon). lose, SaerHmsiito,
MarytTtlle. Chlco. KeU BluS 4-20P
B.SUA Oaii4ale. Cnlae«e. Jamettowu, 8o-
nora. Taolomne aad Angel* 20>
8 OD A Atlantic Rxpreas— Ogdea indKast. 52C->
8. 30 a RicbmoBd. Martlaez and Way
Stations S-Gu?
1C 00a Tbn Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Om»b*. Chicago, Otaver, Kaaaas
Cltr. St. Lou'.» B.20»
JOOOATalleJo 12.20^
tO.UUA Los An*<">» Paaienger — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Cyroa. Tra«r.
Latbrop. Stork tan. Mercei,
Cajoond. Freaao, Oothea Juno-
tioa, Hanford, Lemoorc, VUaHa,
Bakertfleld. Lot Angeles 7.20>
IJ.OOm Harvard. Nile* aad Way Stations. 3.20p
11 OCp SacTimanto Hirer 3tearaert tii.00^
J.JQp Benlcta. IVIoteri. Bacramtnto.
Woodland, WH'.owi, Kalzhta
Laodlae. M*ry»»lile, OroTilla
aad way <tatlont 10-BOa
3-30P Harvard, N!iri and TTay 8taUoas.. /.5S>
4 OOP Uartlnei.Saa Kamon.ValleJo,lIaia,
Callttoca. Santa Uota 9 20*
4 OOp Nilts. Tracr. Stockton. Lo.ll 4.20^
430PHayward. Nllm. Irtlagt^a. San j t3.50*
Jm». U'lniore ) til. 59a
SCSpThi Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banot. Mrnduta. Tretne, Tttlara,
Bakertaeld.LoiAncelet 8.50a
TS.38pHaywtr<l. MleaanU nan Jose 7.20a
••COpHayward. NI!et and 6«n Joie. 960a
SXOPKinern Exprets— Of den. Omaha,
Cblcaro. Denver. Kaaaas City,
Bt. Louis. Tla Martlaez. ScockMa.
Sacramento. Colfax. l:onu...... 12.50P
• .OOP Vallejo. dully, except Sunday.... » 7 --_
7JJ0P VaXleJo, Sunday oaly f 'BOP
7 OCp Richmond. *»n Pablo. Port Cotta,
Martinez and War Stations 1120a
i /XOPReao Passenger— Port Cotta, Sui-
1 tun. Eimlra, Daris. Sarrax.-ar-i.
; Trucker, Laks Taaoe, IU-nj,
I Tonopiih. Sparka 7-33A
i 8 OSp Port Coata. Martinez, Byroa.
, Tracy. Lat&rep. Modesto.
i ' ' Merced, Berrnda. Frrsno and
¦Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20?
8-OSP Totemlte Valiey, Tla Keren da aad
Wawona 850a
8.05p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10 20*
8-OSp Oregon * California Eipreia— 8ao>
ramtnto, MarytTllle. U«t!d!nK,
Portland. Puget Sound and lut. 8- 50a
B.IOPHayward. Hilet andSaa Jusa (3ua-
dayonly) 11-BOa
COAST LINE (."»arr«w 6aags).
; (ifoot or Market Street.)
7.45* SanUCrnxExeurilon(Suadayoalr) 81C«»
8.15a Newark. «J«aterTille. San Joto,
Felton, BoulderCretk. BiirBacla,
Santa Cms ami Way Stations... 555p
T9-15A AWarado, Xewark. San Joa«. Loa
Oatot.GIenwood, Feltcn. Boaldsr
Creek, BIk Baa!n. Santa Craz 8.1 Cp
t2.16p Newark, CeaterTllle. Saa Jota.
New Alniaden, Lot Gatot.Feltoa.
Bonlder Crnek. Saats Cras aai
Principal Way Station* 10-SSa
4.1Bp Newark, 6an Joae. L«t Gatoa 13.56a
4.1Sp WrtKht. Boulder Creelc and Santa
Crni. Batjrday and Suulay o«ly. 68 55a
COAST LINE (Br»a.l ?¦a.,.).
tr i I'hlrd ami l»wn«end Streeta.)
6.10a San Jote and*Way"sut!ont g.3ftp
17 00a Baa Jo«e and W*/ Sutltuit 6-4C?
7.15a Monterey and Sinta Crux Kxcoj-
tlon (Sunday only) 103Cp
B.IiOa New Almaden (Taet.. Frld.. only). 440p
8.00a The Cuatter — Saa Jote. Ssllaaa.
Saa Ardo. Pato Rubles. Santa
« Jl.irja.rita. San Lutt ob!ipo.Santa
Barbara, ban Kuen.i* «otuca.
MontalTO, Oxnard, Burtiaaw, i,os
Angeles 10-43P
8-C3A Ollruy. Halllater. Ca«troT!lle, Del
Monte, PactSc GraTe, Surf, <.«nv
poc 13.42;*
8.00a Ban Joae. Tret Pino*, Capltola,
BantaCrttz.Psciflc<}roTr,S«Mnas.
Son Luis ObUpo and PrlnclDal
Way Station* 4-13P
10-3CA Baa Jote aatl Way Stations 1.20p
11 3CA8»at* Clara. Saa Jote. Los 6atM
and Way SUtiona 7.39*
1.3Cp San Joie and Way Station* ... .... 8 33a
t3 OCf» Del Monte«Rxpr««t— Santa Clara.
Fan Jo?-; I'-i Moate. Monterey,
PaeiflcQroTe 12-ISp
3-30pBnrllnt;aine, San Joie. GHroy, Hol-
ll»ter, Tres Plnos. Pa)aro. Capl-
to'.a, Santa Craz. CattrorUle,
6al!aaa. Paelfle GroTe -jg 4<5 4
4.30p Pan Jote and Way Stations tB COa
16 COP BanU Clara. 6an Jess, Los Uatos,
Wright and principal Way itv
,_ .. tlons (except Sunday) tS.OOA
IS.30p StaJoteandPiinclpalWayStatloas 13.40a
6-45p Bantet Exprea*.— K«t!wuod. Saa
Jote,Ollroy,Sallnaa.Pata ltobles.
San Luit Ol>ltpo. Sant.t Barbara,
Los Antjelea. Dtming. Ki Pat«,
New Orleann. New Tork 7.10a
6.4Sp Pa]aro. Carttola, Santa Crni. Cas-
uoTille.I>l Monte.PaciacGroTe. 13.45*
t6 15p (sBMateo.Beretford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alt* t8-48c
6 30p Baa Jote aaa Way SUtiona. „ S36t
8. OOP Palo Alto and Way Stations 18.13^
1 1 .3flP »«oth 8an Francisco, M Uibra«. Bor-
UnEame. San Mateo, Belmoat.
San Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oik»,
Men4o Park, and Palo Alto 9.45.
HI 33? Uajr.eM, Mountain View, Snnny-
Tale, Lawrence, oanta Clara aad
San Jote :3.45a
A tor Morning. P for Afternooa.
t Enada* exeepted. 1 9saday only
oSatarday only. 6 Monday only.
JtluM at »!Li;»t'oB» oa 3aa-i»i.
|^^^^^ ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc,
\^j^^^^^&^StmJ^ Via Sansallto P«rry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OACGK.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7:10 7:«. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11 -40 a. in. Sausallto enly), 12:20. 1:45, 3:13.
4C0 4:35. 0:lo. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00i 10:20.
11 -33 p. m. Sundays and legal holiday* depart
at 7-10. 7:45. 8:UO. 9:15, lu:00. 11:00, 11:40
a m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:33.
5:15. 5:50. 8:25. 7:15. 8:13. 8:00. 10:20. 11:^5
P. B0.
Arrive at San Francisco, week, days, 8:17,
7-00 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:33. 10:2O. 11:03 a. m.,
1"C5 1:25. 2:50, 3:33. 4:20. 5:03, 5:40, 6:13.
C:53.'7:55, 10:05. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:03.
8'50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3-13 p. m. 3:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and lesial holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 8:13. 10:0O.
11 !cO. 11:40 a. n£. W:2O. 1:00. 1:13, 2:30. 7:15
anil b:13 p. m
THP.OUGH TRAIN'S.
7-43 a in. dally — Caxad^ro and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only— Foe Point iicyes.
* t 3*.r3 t>. W- dally except Sunday— For Ca.ii-
'stis" p.* ra..- dally except Saturday and Sun-
**7-Vi'V. m..^6undaya only— For Point Ileyes.
''S'-IS P m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. «tc
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot or Market st.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
gCALIFOilNIA T&
i LIMITED TO CHICACC jj
B LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
Bj at !»:," IO a, m. f throng-h In ',', days, I
a with, diner and all trapping's. ,*
Other Santa Te Traini:
7:30 a. ra,1 for Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfleld,
li loo I'. Si J Merced, Hanford and VisaUa,
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 041 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Alio 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jo«e.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
ikH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
BAILWAT COMPACTS'.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:0o 0:00. 11:W) a. m.;
12:35, 2:S0, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 0:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40, 5:10, 6:$0. 11:30 p. m.
SAIT RAFAT/I. TO SAW FSANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 6:50, 7:35, 7:5U, »:20,
11:15 a. ra.; 12:50. t2:00, 3:40. 5:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trlD at 1:45 r. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:5O. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. ra.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:30, 5:00, 5:20. «:25, 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. ¦ •
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Fran, j May 1. 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- | bestina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. [ tlon. | days. | Days.
7:3i>a 7:45 a 7:45 a
.7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
'8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio, 10:20 a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
, 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a PeUluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.- 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a! 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30p 8:45 p[ 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30a Ilealdsburg. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton. \
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:23 p 7:23 p
{ Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 ai Hopland 110:20 a| 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
j j Willits. j I
7:30 a| 7:30 af Sherwood. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 a Guerneville and 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. [ 8:45 p| 8:20 p ¦
"8l6oliriilo6^a 8:40 a 3:40 a
5:10 pt 9:3ua Sonoma. 0:00 p 6:20 p
I 6:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:3Oa| 110:20 aJ10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| gebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booae-
ville and Greenwood; at Iloplund for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
8crlngs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknell's.
Sannedrin 'Heights. ' Hullville. Orr'a Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, ilendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Wcstport. Unal; at Willita for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell s Springs. Harris, Olsens,
Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
Sa'turday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket Office. 050 Market street, Chronlclo
bulldinc.
JAS. L. FRAZIER, R. X. ItYAN.
Oen. Manaxer. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tw tas«*lit« Ftrrj '. ArriTe
Ban Francitco >**t »f Market SU S<n Francisco
Week Son- bmi- Week
... .... 8:307 (XS'hgS&a 12T45r~a:*8^
...10:00* 2:05p*ii«5 A
10:00a 11:00a 3:35 r i>
t;45 r 12:20 r N^>r7v^S* R-.40 r o:I5 1
&:13r i:46r \j%2*7 i>:15 e 10-.OB 1
........ «;36r yfT 0:50 r
• ri» Cruity tir. * TaBuipaii u Bill Ul!ty.
Tickst )62o Market it. (North Uhore Ru.ilroa.1j
QTTlCts land SaUsal;to f lkey, foot Marl: jt st.ACCUSED OF ASSAULTING GIRL.
Thomas McCarthy. Frank La Grave
and Richardson B. Martin, three young
men, were arrested yesterday morning
by Policeman J. A. Ryan and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of crim
inal assault. Marie Barry, a servant
girl living at 27 Laskey street, is the
complaining witness.
Captain Logan, U. S. N., called offi
cially on General MacArthur yester
day. Captain Logan will be the com
mander of the new battleship Ohio.
Leave of absence for one month, on
surgeon's certificate of disability, has
been granted Second . Lieutenant
Thomas j E. Cathrow, Thirteenth Cav
alry, Army General Hospital, Presidio
of San Francisco, CaL
The leave of absence granted Lieu
tenant Colonel John McClellan. Artil
lery Corps, May 28, 1904, has been ex
tended to August 1, 1904.
Captain P. G. Clark, Thirteenth In
fantry, registered at headquarters yes
terday. He is staying at the Occi
dental.
Chaplain John H. Macomber, U. S.
A., retired, 'called on General MacAr
thur yesterday. He Is at the Occi
dental.
Major William . Stephenson has re
turned from a ten days' trip to Yosem
ite Valley. His sisters, the Misses
Stephenson. are still in the valley, the
guests of Major and Mrs. John Bige
low.
Ills Wife Wants Him to Return.
The police have been asked to find
George J. Long of Three Rivers, Cal.,
and if they succeed to tell him to go
back to his wife. According to Mrs.
Long, her husband, to whom she was
married some months ago, left her as
the result of a misunderstanding. He
was laboring under a mistake, she de
clares, and If he will return she Is
willing to forget that he ever went
away. She understands that he in
tended to go to Honolulu. Long is 21
years old, of light complexion and
slight build. His wife is in a delicate
condition, and it is feared that her
worrying over his desertion may lead
to grave results.
Lake Frldav, July 8, to take part in
the annual maneuvers of the Depart
ment of the Columbia.
Charles C. Kaufmann. a brother of
Louise C. Kaufmann, who died in San
Jose May 31, yesterday commenced, in
the Superior Court, a contest of her
will, which was filed June 22. She left
all of her $8000 estate to two sisters
excepting $250 bequeathed to each of
the brothers, Charles and August.
Charles alleges that at the time of
making her will his sister's mind wag
"weak, unbalanced and deranged."
Brother Contests WUL
EXEMPT FIREMEN WILL
CELEBRATE AT THE "PLAZA"
Spot Where American Flag First
Waved — Red Men to Keep tho
Fourth at Glen Park. V ;
The members of the Exempt Fire
Company have decided to celebrate
the 128th anniversary of the declara
tion of independence, at the home of
the association In "the old engine
house on the hill" at the head of
Portsmouth Square, or the plaza, as it
was called in the early days. This is
the historic spot where on July 9,
1846, the stars and stripes were first
hoisted on the soil of Northern Call-
fornia. r
The Improved Qrder of Red Men
will have a jollification and picnic in
Glen Park to-morrow in honor of the
Fourth. There will be a number of
games and races in addition to the
usual attractions at the park. The
order is a patriotic as well as a bene
ficial and charitable one, and the an
niversary of the signing of the decla
ration of independence is one that is,
always patriotically observed.
Will Hold Rummage Sale.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the
Emanuel Baptist Church, Bartlett
street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, will hold a "rummage
sale" in the near future. They would
be. pleased to refteive any articles that
might be donated. Any one "wishing
to help may send contributions to the
church every Tuesday after 10 a. m.
or notify the ladles and they will send
for the donations.
District, at the general election . held
in November, 1902, and one delegate
for a majority of such number of
votes; provided that any county cast-
Ing less than such majority fraction
for , said nominee shall be entitled to
one delegate. ".-¦•.
The out-of-the-rut nature of the
fourth excursion of the California Pro
motion Committee to Eureka 13 prov
ing a drawing card to many who wish
to see the heart of the great redwood
country and enjoy the stage ride
through Humboldt County. The party
will go almost a hundred miles by
stage, camping out two days on the
way through one of the most Interest
ing scenic regions in the West. The
stage ride from Sh*rwood to Camp
Five is planned so that no one will be
fatigued. Each day two hours will be
given for luncheon en route. There
are so many unusual features con
nected with this trip from bay to sea
by rail, stage and return by boat that
the California Promotion Committee
will have a representative party from
San Francisco and vicinity.
A pleasant feature of the journey will
be the public receptions planned by the
citizens in the cities along the way as
well as in Eureka, where the Humboldt
County Chamber of Commerce is pre
paring to entertain the visitors, this
being the first time a representative
delegation of business men have ever
visited the city of Eureka on such a
mission. President Soule of the Hum
boldt County Chamber of Commerce
has planned so that every moment of
the visitors* time will be engaged.
It will be rather Bohemian in spots,
as the party will camp overnight in
the shade of the redwoods.
Following are suggestions to the
members of the party. Issued by the
promotion committee in order that all
may be fully prepared:
It is suggested that, khaki suits be
worn, as being especially- appropriate
for the journey by stage. It is desir
able that no luggage be taken on the
stage. Only toilet articles and towels
will be required for the first four days
of the trip. Suit cases containing
changes of clothing will be carried free
of charge to Eureka by the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. Cases
should be tagged with full name and
address, care of Vance Hotel, Eureka,
and delivered care of C. W. Miller,
pier No. 9, Broadway wharf, Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's steamer
Pomona, not later than 7a.rn.on Sat
urday, July_9. Luggage so delivered
will be found in room at Vance Hotel
on arrival at Eureka. Blankets (two
for each man) pillows and cots will be
furnished by the committee and com
modious conical tents will provide com
fortable sleeping quarters. Take along
yeur^own cigars. Those who care to
fish will find frequent opportunity.
Fishing tackle should be taken. Bring
your own tin cup, knife, fork and
spoon.
The limit cf the party Is almost
reached and it is hoped that all who
desire to accompany this excursion will
make application as early as possible
in order that proper accommodations
may be arranged. Of course in the
district to be traversed there is no
telephonic or telegraphic communica
tion and it is necessary to arrange de
tails by mail, taking some two or three
days. The California Promotion Com
mittee, at 25 New Montgomery street,
will be glad to give all details regard
ing this six-day excursion for $45,
which Includes hotel and traveling ex
penses. \
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT.—
Henry W. Knighton was arrested yes
terday by Detectives E. Gibson and Sil
vey on a warrant from Police Judge
Conlan's court charging him with mis
demeanor embezzlement. The complain
ing witness Is C. P. Baughman. 509
Market street, who alleges that Knight
on' embezzled $7 85 on June 30. Knighton
was employed as his bookkeeper BFS
The authorities say that successful
measures to decrease the ravages of
the pests are being adopted, but they
are hopeless of extirpating the plague
so long as the present unsuitable build
ings are occupied. No sure cure can bo
effected until new and substantial hos*
pital buildings are provided.
An army of rats la one of the woes of
life at the City and County Hospital.
Patients at that institution—hun
dreds of them— complain that, in addi
tion to the afflictiona resulting from
personal infirmities, they are compelled
to endure unspeakable terrors from
these rodents. The animals swarm
over the place »ln great numbers and
boldness, and the sick people are com
pelled to be constantly on guard to es
capa being eaten up alive. Not a night
passes that some patient Is not awak
ened and -kept In terror by rodents
passing over his body in search of food.
In many cases inmates have been at
tacked and bitten on the hands or face
or other parts of their bodies which
happened to be exposed.
In ward B one night last week half
a dozen helpless patients were badly
bitten. In that ward ninety-eight mon
strous rats were killed during the last
ten days, and the pest Is said to bo
Just as great In most of the other divi
sions of the hospital. Several wards
have guards to watch against th© sav
agery of the rodents, which seem to
understand the helplessness of their
victims. Bitter complaints are made
by the patients and every precaution is
taken to relieve them, but the old
buildings are badly constructed and
they offer secret and comfortable
homes for vast numbers of the fierce
vermin.
So Intelligent have the rats becomo
that poison, no matter how seductively
disguised, is rejected and traps are of
little use.
Rumors that have been gaining in
strength ever since Father Parrish sud
denly relinquished the rectorship of
the ritualistic Church of the Advent,
to the effect that the brilliant young
clergyman had determined to abandon
the faith of his fathers and join the
Roman Catholic church, are pro
nounced by Father Lathrop, an asso
ciate priest of the church to be utterly
without foundation.
The explanation of Father Parrlsh's
withdrawal from active parish work
Is found in a determination formed
years ago to become a general mission
ary among the churches, following the
example of Archdeacon Webber and
Father Huntlngton, whose success in
their particular field has been so great
and lasting. That a permanent center,
or monastery, is to be established, is
doubted, at least for the present.
Father Parrish will journey all over
the country, holding missions and
strengthening the faith of his church
men wherever found. The life is a
self-denying one and full of hardships,
but Father Parrish Is convinced that
It Is his special vocation. He is now
resting at Loa Gatos In a beautiful
country home he has lately purchased.
In September he will start out ' as a
preaching missionary. He is a preacher
of high rank in his own church and an
authority In Biblical scholarship.
This morning at the.Emanuel Evan
gelical Church, Twelfth street, be
tween Market and Mission, the Rev. F.
W. Fischer will preach on "True Lib
erty." In the evening the subject of
his discourse will be "The Republic
of God."
Rev. E. Xelander, pastor of the
First English Lutheran Church, Geary
street near Gough, will have for his
text this morning "Light on Perplex
ing Questions," and in the evening,
"The Greater Tabernacle."
At Grace Episcopal Church, Califor
nia and Stockton streets, Bishop Part
ridge of Kyoto, Japan, who is on a
visit to San Francisco, will occupy
the pulpit at the morning service.
The colored jubilee singers from
Claflin University will sing this morn
ing at the Trinity Methodist Church,
Market, Xoe and Sixteenth streets. In
the afternoon they will sing at the
men's meeting in the auditorium of
the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion. To-night President L. M. Dun
ton of this university will occupy the
pulpit of the First Presbyterian
Church, Van Ness avenue and Sacra
mento street.
Several churches in the city will
have interesting and special features
to-day in connection with their ser
vices.
Bishop Partridge of Japan and the
Claflin University Singers Are
Especial Attractions.
INTERESTING FEATURES
AT TIDE CHURCHES TO-DAY
Declares His Vocation Is to
Preach and Hold Missions
Throughout the Far West
City and County Hospital
Overrun With Troops of
Bold and Savage Eodents
Promotion Committee Ex
cursion to Eureka Offers
Many Eare Opportunities
RATS TERRORIZE
SICK AND POOR
EITHER PARRISH
NOT A CONVERT
UNIQUE TRIP
ATTRACTS MANY
Fischer's Theater has secured Dor
othy Morton, who is well known as one
<rt the queens of the musical stage. She
will be the new leading lady and will
appear in the »play that is to follow
"The Mormons." Miss Morton has just
been honored by meeting President
I Roosevelt, on Saturday last, when he
i complimented her upon her clever sing
ing and acting.
Miss Morton was playing in London
last season and after her return a few
weeks ago she accepted an engagement
at the large salary of $500 per week
with the "Wedding Day" Opera Com
pany that is playing in Washington.
j Miss Morton will be well remembered
' as having last appeared here at the
! Baldwin Theater in "The Fencing Mas
| ter." • '
Dorothy Morton to Ap
pear as Leading Lady
in New Play.
DOROTHT MORTON. THE CLEVER
SINGER AND COMEDIENNE,
WHO IS COMING TO FISCHER'S.
The members of the party are told
In the call that they must do their
rustling, for delegates to the conven
tions on Tuesday, August 9, and com
ply with law made and provided.
The call Is issued upon the following
basis:.
The apportionment of delegates to
said State convention shall be: One
delegate, for each 200 votes cast for
Franklin K. Lane, Democratic ': nomi
nee for Governor, in Assembly District
or county, where more than one
county. ' Is embraced in an Assembly
"Tim" Spellacy has formally called
the Democrats into State convention at
Santa Cruz on August 22. Tim has
the right to do that, as he was elected
chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee on June 18. Be
sides, he was told by the Gavin Mc-
Nab contingent to do so. Following
instructions he informs the members
of the party that there will be 723 of
them under one roof while the "sad
sea waves" pound along the beach at
Santa Cruz and the delegates pound
each other, if they have an old-fash
ioned convention. District delegations
are also to assemble at the same time
and name tickets.
DEMOCRATIC CALL.
The Labor party is still having trou
ble. The two factions have not come
together as yet, but there Is a likeli
hood that they will some time this*
week. One faction, led by Tom Eagan,
will meet in.Shlels Hall Tuesday night,
and the other side will assemble the
following night in Foresters' Hall and
pass upon the question of getting the
labor unions to participate in the cam
paign as organized bodies. According
to the two bodies, one of which has been
recognized by the courts as the proper
one, the getting of the unions into
line Is the all-important matter. When
the Harders-Berger faction met last
week the question arose as to whether
letters should be sent to the different
unions requesting aid for the ticket. It
was concluded best not to make such a
request, as it was possible that the op
position would take advantage of such
an -opportunity to pack the meeting.
Tuesday night the others will decide
what is good for them and act accord
ingly. Official calls have been issued.
Precincts will have registration for
voters next Wednesday and Thursday,
but after that all voters who wish to
cast their ballots at the primary elec
tion, August 9, must register at the
City Hall prior to July 20. Any elector
who wishes to pass up his privilege of
voting for delegates to conventions, but
who desires to vote for the nominees in
November, will have until September 28
to register at the City Hall. Precinct
registration places will be open from
10 o'clock in the morning until 9 o'clock
at night. Those who do not register
for the primary election in August will
be able to register in their precincts
September 14 and 13. Such registra
tions will only entitle the. electors to
vote at the general election In Novem
ber.
All of the old registration books have
been destroyed. Any elector who voted
at the last election two years ago will
have to register again in order to as
sure his right of franchise. This condi
tion is not generally understood, but it
is the law. Every precinct in the city
has one or more placards displayed
setting forth that fact, but there may
be some of the electors who will over
lock the Importance of the law and fail
to register.
LABOR PARTY TROUBLES.
CHANCES TO REGISTER.
Music will lend Its charm to the oc
casion. Short, spicy speeches will tell
of the history of the party, of its lead
ers and of its future. There will be
plenty of entertainment, for the best
speakers in the State will attend. The
Alhambra Theater will be used for the
celebration and the decorations
adopted for the Fourth of July cere
mony will be replenished and the in
terior of the auditorium made as at
tractive as art can make it.
Another joint meeting of the sutA
committee from the Republican State
Central Comlttee and a like repre
sentation from the United Republican
Leagues of California was held in the
Palace Hotel yesterday morning, when
additional arrangements were made to
make the celebration of the night of
July 6 a historic demonstration.
The joint committee arranged to have
the De Koven Quartet of Oakland fur
nish the vocal music. A band of
twelve pieces will supply the instru
mental attractions and enliven the
evening's pleasure.
Seats are to be reserved for ladles,
many of whom are expected to attend.
Many Republicans from this city and
other parts of the State will have seats
on the platform as vice presidents.
The principal speakers who will ad
dress the meeting have been selected
as follows: Samuel M. Shortrldge,
Judge Henry C. Dibble, Carey Van
Fleet, Julius Kahn, Senator Perkins,
John T. Dare and that Republican who
took the Chicago convention by
storm — George A. Knight.
The joint committee will meet again
on Tuesday to complete the final ar
rangements and also announce the list
of vice presidents of the gathering.
The enthusiasm which is expected to
thrill the patriotic Americans to-mor
row, when the day of national inde
pendence will be celebrated, will be
much-more abundant than usual' if it
equals that which will be displayed
Wednesday night Plans are , being
perfected for the greatest political
celebration ever observed in San Fran
cisco. The occasionMs the birthday
anniversary of the Republican party
and an unqualified Indorsement will be
made of the -nominations of Theodore
Roosevelt for President and Charles
W. Fairbanks for Vice President.
During the month of June twelve
enlisted men were discharged from the
service of the State — four on account
of removal, three by a two-thirds vote
of the company, for exemption,
two at expiration of term of service
and one for the good of the service.
From and after this date the officers
of the First must appear in the new
dress and service uniform as provided
in the new regulations. They are also
required to provide themselves with
khaki uniforms, these to be worn as
occasion may. require.
The regimental board of the First,
consisting of Captain Henry G.
Mathewson, First Lieutenant Fred
erick Bertrand and Second Lieutenant
Eugene F. Peckham, have been re
lieved ' and Captain Walter N. Kelly,
William P. Humphreys and Second
Lieutenant William H. Talbot have
been detailed in their stead to serve
until January.
Major Thomas J. McCreagh has
been appointed to the summary court
of the First, vice Major George Fll
mer, relieved at the expiration of term
for which detailed.
On recommendation of the regi
mental examining board the following
promotion3 and appointments are an
nounced: To be corporals-7-Private
Charles Pattye, Company C, 90 per
cent; Private Harry Daw, Company C,
85 per cent; Private Alphonso Garcia,
Company C, 80 per cent. To be a ser
geant — Corporal Joseph A. Nodder,
Company D, 95 per cent. To be
corporals — Private La Verne Cut
ler, Company E, 90 per cent;
Private Clement B. Thorpe, Com
pany, .75 per cent; Private Fred
C. Strickland, Company F, 90 per cent;
Private George St. Clair, Company F,
87 per cent; Private Noah Jacobson,
Company F, 85 per cent; Private Al
Robinson, Company F, 80 per cent;
Private Stephen B. Mills, Company G,
90 per cent.
Upon recommendation of his com
pany commander Sergeant ' Benjamin
F. Jackman has been reduced to the
ranks. At his own request Corporal
Hugh McSwegan of the same company
has been reduced to the grade of a
common soldier.
Upon recommendation of his com
pany commander and at his own re
quest First Sergeant J. , O. Staples,
Company D, has been returned to duty
as sergea*nt. He was x subsequently ap
pointed , quartermaster sergeant, vice
Wissingr, discharged.
CIL\XGE IX THE BOARD.
University of California— Arthur Wil
liam Foster, cadet senior colonel, com
manding brigade: Howard Thompson
Wayne, cadet colonel first regiment:
Leslie Wrightson Stocker, cadet colonel
second regiment; Henry Samuel Minor,
cadet lieutenant colonel first regiment;
Herbert Hibbard Minor, cadet lieuten
ant second regiment; Albert Henry
Mowbray, Arthur Romeyne Traphagen
and Fred Lyle Johnston, cadet majors
first regiment; William Warner Mott,
Cleland Waterman Rorer and Max The
len, cadet majors second regiment, and
Roy James Somers, cadet major on the
staff.
St. Matthew's School— William Plnk
c-rton Jr., Harrold Duncan Knudsen and
Frank Claude Smith, cadets.
Company B, Fifth Infantry, of San
Jose went last evening to Livermore
and bivouacked there. On the Fourth
It will parade with Company I of the
same regiment, in that locality, and
then the two companies will have a
drill in extended orders. Company B
will return to quarters on the 5th.
There was a good numerical show
ing of the First Regiment of Infantry,
National Guard of California, on the
occasion of the regimental parade last
Monday night. Following the parade
there was a regimental drill, in which
the several commands acquitted them
selves in a creditable manner.
Pursuant to orders from superior
headquarters all the units of the First
Infantry, except Company B, will as
semble at the armory to-morrow
morning at 8:15 o'clock to prepare
for the parade in honor of the Fourth
of July.
Permission having been granted.
Company B went to Napa yesterday to
bivouac at that place and take part in
the parade there to-morrow.
The following list of distinguished
students in military science and tactics
In the University of California and St.
Matthew's Military School has been for
warded to the adjutant general's office
in reports from United States army of
ficers serving as professors of military
Bclence at those institutions:
The special committee that Is revis
ing the laws of the guard in order to
make them conform to the provisions
of the Dick bill regulating the" militia
of the several States is still at work. It
finds that it has, as one of the com
mittee said, "a very large contract on
hand." It may be two months yet be
fore the revision is complete.
An election has been called for July
13 for captain of the signal corps, Sec
ond Brigade, vice Selfridge. Major Per
kins has been detailed to preside.
An election will be held on July 18
in Company E. Fifth Infantry, for first
and second lieutenants, vice Claypool
and Haven.
Company L, Seventh Infantry, sta
tioned at Santa Ana, First Lieutenant
Clyde L. BlshoD commanding, having
disregarded the law, orders and deci
sions of superior headquarters, has been
disbanded and mustered out of the ser
vice of the State.
The adjutant general announces that
it is expected that the clothing requisi
tioned for by commanding officers will
be issued in time for camp, which" will
be held from August 15 to 27.
DISTINGUISHED CADETS.
The members of the National Guard
of California are making preparations
for the encampment in San Luis Obispo
County, and the various commanders
are waiting orders to arrange tho final
details.
General MacArthur and his aid Ma
jor P. W. West will start for American
The first and second battalions of the
Tenth Infantry, Colonel C. H. Noble,
left yesterday morning for American
Lake to take part in the maneuvers of
the Department of the Columbia. They
were taken by the tug Slocum from
the Presidio dock to Oakland mole,
where they boarded special trains for
the North.
INFANTRY GOES XORTH.
Captain John J. Bradley returned
from the Yosemite Valley yesterday.
He has been sitting as president of a
court martial.
The Fourth of July win be observed
in the regulation fashion at the Pre-
Eldio. Promptly at noon all the troops
stationed at the pest will assemble on
the main post parade grounds and sur
round the staff, from which the big
flag will float. The band will play
"The Star-Spangled Banner," followed
by other patriotic airs.
WILL FIRE NATIONAL SALUTE.
Forty-five guns, being a gun for every
State in the Union, will then be fired
by the light battery.
In the parade here July 4 the Third
Squadron, Ninth Cavalry, in command
of Colonel E. A. Godwin; two batteries
of the field artillery and the band of
the Third Artillery Corps will partici
pate.
In the parade at Oakland a battalion
of infantry from the Twenty-eighth
Regiment and the band of that regi
ment, under command of Captain John
J. O'Connell, will take part. These
troops will leave the Presidio wharf at
£:20 a. m. on the steamer Grace Barton,
and returning will leave Broadway,
Oakland, at 4: CO p. m.
General MacArthur made his annual
inspection of Fort Baker and the bat
teries adjacent yesterday.
He was accompanied by his aids. Ma
jor P. W. West, Captain Frank L.
Winn and Major Samuel W. Dunning.
Unfortunately the weather was so fog
gy that It was impossible to fre the
b!g guns. ?
Between 6000 and 6000 troops will
participate in these maneuvers. The
railroad passes directly through the
ranch. The site chosen for the camp
is eituated about a mile distant from
the etation.
On the return of the board from the
ranch yesterday a long consultation
was held with General MacArthur,
who approved the arrangements.
Following is the personnel of the staff
having charge of the preparation and
arrangements for the maneuvers:
Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn, general
etaff; Colonel William S. Patton, quar
termaster's department: Major William
P. Duvall, general Etaff; Major Cas
cius E. Gillette, corps of engineers, and
Captain Sydney A. Cloman, general
Etaff.
Tho board considers it an ideal -spot.
The United States troops will be as
eembled there by the latter part of
the first week of August and will have
everything; in readiness to receive the
National Guard, which will arrive
there August 13.
AX IDEAL SPOT.
The elte for the camp has been lo
cated in a beautiful meadow, two miles
Jong: and one mile broad, on the south
side of which flows a clear, crystal
stream, called the Atascadero, from
which the camp -will derive ita name.
The Quarters for the enlisted men
Trill be arranged along: the banks of
this stream with the officers' quarters
a ehort distance back. The water
supply will be abundant It will be
furnished by a 6lx-horse power pump,
conducting the water into an immense
tank. From this point pipes will be laid
all through the camp and mains will
lead alongside of every tent.
The battle exercises will take place
fall over the big ranch. The topog
raphy of the country is diversified.
IThe hills are covered with a growth
cf white pines and oaks and are com
paratively clear of any undergrowth.
Th« beard appointed by the War
Department to arrange for the bis fall
raa&euvws on the Henry ranch re
turned yesterday from Its tour of In
spection. Colonel Stephen P. Jocelyn,
president of the board, expresses hlm
eelf aa greatly pleased with the ranch
and with the excellent facilities of
fered there for the military exercises.
During' the trip they rode over a lc»jre
portion of the ranch, covering: a dis
tance of about seventy miles. The
ranch itself contains about 22,000
acre*.
Changes That Have Taken
Place in the First Regi
ment of San Francisco
Army Cere
monies Will Take Place at
the Presidio on the Fourth
Alhambra Theater Is to Be
Scene of the Gathering.
Many Ladies Will Attend
SPEAKERS AES % CHOSEN
DISTINGUISHED CADETS
TO OBSERVE THE DAY
Company of Seventh Infan
try at Santa Ana Disband
ed for Disregard of Orders
Officers State Site Chosen
for Military Maneuvers
Will Fill Eequirements
Enthusiasm' Will Mark the
Party's Birthday Anniver
sary Wednesday Night
REVISING GUARD
LAWS OF STATE
REPUBLICANS
PLAN A RALLY
BOARD APPROVES
HENRY RANCH
FISCHER'S
TO HAVE A
NEW STAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 3, 190*.
44
ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
AND BETTER YOUR FUTURE
Choice offers for. your consid-
eration in to-day's REALTY
COLUMNS.
BUY A HOME NOW
TEN BEAUTIFULLY
ILLUMINATED
ART SUPPLEMENTS
Beginning with tho Issue of
July 10th
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will Issue a series of the hand.
somest Art Supplements ever
issued by a paper in tho
United States.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," by Err.
son. J
2. "Footllght Favorites,'* by
Bryson. *
S. "Temptation." by Bryson.
4. "The Girl in Yellow," by
Bryson. *
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Richter.
7. "Rosamond," by Richter.
8. "Mother and Child," hv
Richter. *
9. ?•Head Over Heels," hv
Brown <H. A.). r
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
Be sure to collect this series.
EVERY ONE A WINNER/
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
HALE'S. J HALE'S. | HALE'S.
Announcement — Tuesday. July 5th.
5weetser=Pembrook Sale
Auction Goods at Auction Prices.
Owing to the death of Mr. J. Howard Sweetser, and general business 'depression, Sweet-
ser, Pembrook & Co. of New York decided to go out of business. They are reported to have
sold upward of Nine Millions of Dollars per year wholesaling general dry goods. They carried
a stock of merchandise amounting to over $1,200,000, all of which was sold at auction.
Hale Bros., ever alive to the interests of their patrons, had several buyers from Califor-
nia present. They bought heavily of such lots as were sold way under the market prices.
These lots will be placed on sale, commencing Tuesday, July 5.
In conjunction, thousands of dollars' worth of bargains will be added to make the sale
the one event in San Francisco retailing which will stand out from all the rest
Extra salespeople, extra wrappers, extra deliveries, have been arranged for, as our ser-
vice must be positively up to our high Hale standard.
Come any day during this great sale, for new things will be put forward as fast as other
lines are sold. Watch for further details in next Tuesday's Examiner and Call,
tire front filled with W^^^ji^- - —^l™ 8^ ad. in the Exam-
the splendid values. -^**2*PO*> (tOOf^**-^ iner and Call
. Market Street, near Sixth, S. F. i~-----------~-~----«-«--.
116 ELLIS !
A. B. SMITH CO.
Notice Our New Number.
To accommodate our increasing
patronage we have removed our
Trunk and Bag Department to
larger and more commodious quar-
ters, where you can find the most
complete line of traveling equip-
ments ever shown in 'Frisco.
Don't Forget the Number !
. 11O JBLLIS