SAN FR^XCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JOHN J. HILL OF VIRGINIA. THE MURDERED CLERK. WHO IS THOUGHT
TO HAVE BEEN SANDBAGGED AND ROBBED. HE WAS GOING TO MA
NILA TO TAKE A POSITION IN THE QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1. ,j
War News Continued on Paso 2.
LOS ANGELES, July 1. — William
Olds, a carpenter's helper, fell sixty
feet from a scaffold at the Belasco
Theater building to-day and landed on
.his head.- He was Instantly killed.
Carpenter's Fall Is Fatal.
Cuban-American Treaty Ratified.
WASHINGTON. July 1.— Secretary
Hay arid Minister Quesada to-day ex
changed ratifications of the permanent
treaty between America and Cuba, em
bodying the Platt amendment
ST. PETERSBURG, July 1. — Grand
Duke Vladimir, by order of the Czar,
will proceed to Novgorod on July 8
to inspect the ! general condition of the
First Army Corps.'
WILL INSPECT. TROOPS.
It Is believed that this movement ia
a ¦feint, for the purpose of misleading
the Russians as to the real position of
the Japanese force.
HAICHENG. June 30 (delayed in
transmission).— The Japanese evacua
tion of Dalin Pass was made* without
any resistance. After the battle of
June 27, when the Russians retired.
the Japanese threw forward patrols
within eight miles of Haicheng.
On June 28 the Russians reinforced
the Dalin position, but the Japanese
promptly retired and took up a posi
tion on a hill to the right of Dalin
Pass. ¦? '
Japanese Evacuate Dalin Pass When
Russians Advance.
OFFER NO RESISTANCE.
GALVESTON. Tex.. July 1. — Harry
Meyer, the 17-year-old son of Colonel
and Mrs. J. W. Meyer of Belton, met
with a most horrible death last night.
The young man, who was working in
the power-house at Belton in order to
secure a practical knowledge of elec
trical engineering, slipped and fell on
a shaft. Although he struggled with
all his might to release himself, his
prostrate position rendered his ef
forts futile and when he realized that
he was being borne to a terrible death
he uttered pitiful cries for help,' but
no one could hear him. His fellow
workmen saw him going through tha
death trap and some ran to his as
sistance, while others stopped the ma
chinery, but all were too late. When
the body was liberated it was found
that the unfortunate lad's back and
neck were broken and that he was
terribly mutilated.
The deceased belonged to one of the
wealthiest and most aristocratic fam
ilies in the State.
Ambitious Young; Man Meets Terrible
Death While Acquiring Practical
Knowledge of Machinery.
POXDEROCS WHEELS CRUSH
LIFE OUT OF TEXAS YOUTH
The Turks seek to evade responsibil
ity for the people they have turned
adrift by issuing official permits that
they know to be worse than worthless
to the recipients. The Governor Gen
eral of Bitlis has been removed be
cause he was "wanting in energy."
CONSTANTINOPLE, July L—Tur
kish duplicity is playing havoc with
the refugees of the recent massacres
at Sassoun. After the palace had tele
graphed the Governor General of Blt
lls to establish the Armenians on the
plain of Mush, the council of Ministers,
pretending acquiescence in foreign
pressure, directed that those who liked
should be permitted to return to their
villages among the mountains. Those
villages, however, no longer exist. The
homes to which the outcasts received
permission to return- have long since
vanished in smoke.
Th*e refugees massed on the plain of
Mush are mostly women, children and
old men. The majority of the able
bodied men who opposed the troops
have been killed or have fled. The
refugees, reduced by hunger and hard
ship, are without means of traveling
and are completely destitute. •
Bpeclal Dlipatch to Th« Call.
GALVESTON, Tex., July 1.— Julian
Renfro, the young negro whose sensa
tional loss of the faculty of speech In
Chicago was duly chronicled by the
papers all over the country, recovered
his speech this afternoon at his home,
where he has been quietly living ever
since his return from Chicago and New
Orleans, where several specialists in
terested themselves In his case.
According to eye-witnesses Renfro's
restoration . to speech was equally as
sensational as the loss. Last week Ren
fro wrote on a slip of paper in reply to
a question as to when he expected to
regain his speech that he would regain
it this afternoon at 3 o'clock. How he
knew this or why he was so certain of
the fact is not vouchsafed. Precisely
at the hour mentioned and with the
members of his family ranged about
him. confldent,that the prediction would
come true, Renfro opened his lips and
shouted, rather than uttered, the words,
"The Lord be praised." The assembled
friends and relatives set up a wild,
emotional shouting. Renfro's lips con
tinued to work, and those nearest him
heard the words of the twenty-third
Psalm. Fervent prayers and thanks
giving for the young negro came from
those present.
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call.
Those Who Escaped
Massacre Are
Destitute.
Colored Youth, Bereft
of Voice, Finds
His Tongue.
PORTLAND, Ore., July 1.— In a
twenty-five-foot single sticker two
Portland schoolboys have started on a
voyage for Honolulu by way of San
Francisco. Late this evening they ar
rived at Astoria and to-morrow early
will see them on the sea.
Glen D. Cayler and Harry Kinney are
the youths who will attempt a feat
never yet undertaken in so frail a
craft. Glen Is the captain and pro
moter of the scheme, while his chum,
Harry, is the crew, though he is the
owner of the craft in which the voyage
Is to be made. The captain's father is
a 'prominent wholesale commission
man, and the boy has stocked the
yacht with all necessaries from money
he has earned himself. The boys
moored the little craft beneath the Jef
ferson-street bridge on June 23, and
harid-over-hand lowered their small
stock of supplies with the aid of ropes.
The loading took most of the day.
Next morning the lads induced the
owners of a launch to give them a lift
to the mouth of the Willamette. When
last, seen they were sailing down the
Columbia on Monday morning. At that
time everything was going nicely.
Twice since the departure of the lit
tle craft, which is named The Portland,
Mr. Cayler has received letters from
his son. One of these communications,
from St. Helens, was made at that
town on the 25th. It contained about
twenty-five words and. said everything
was "O. K.* 1 ''
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Portland School
toys WUl Brave
Dangers.
ARMENIANS
ARE LEFT
TO STARVE
NEGRO LAD
RECOVERS
HIS SPEECH
LADS START
TO HAWAII
IN A YAWL
The force that Is moving the rail is
apparently irresistible. In many
places along the line the ties imbedded
In, the roadbed are pushed along by
the rail, requiring additional section
work to keep the* road in order. Some
unexplained mystery of electric energy
is charged with the cause.
A greater part of the distance be
tween Tacoma and Seattle the third
rail is laid on the east side of the
track.. Engineer Bosworth has noticed
that on small portions of the rail at
switches, and elsewhere where the
third rail is on the west side of the
track it moves toward Seattle.
TACOMA, Wash.,- July 1. — The third
rail of the Interurban Railroad be
tween Tacoma and Seattle is moving
in the direction of Tacoma at the rate
of two feet each year. The movement
of the rail ia causing: the company
considerable trouble and if it con
tinues will become very embarrassing.
Chief* Engineer Bosworth has given
the matter careful study, but is unable
to. solve the mysterious phenomenon.
After careful watching he has found
that the third rail moves faster in hot
than in cold weather and say that dur
ing very warm days it has moved as
much as two inches in the direction of
Tacoma. but at night it recedes
slightly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Foreign Office has a dispatch
dated June 30 which announces that
the Russian warships safely re-en
tered Port Arthur after the flght on
June 23 and that not one of them
was damaged." ,'
ST. PETERSBURG, July 1.— In
view of the reports of heavy rains at
the theater of war the general staff
thinks the JaDanese advance on Hai
cheng: has been suspended. One War
Office report says that fifteen minutes*
rain flooded the valley near Kaichou
and that several men and horses were
drowned and considerable quantities
of stores were lost.
Official confirmation has been re
ceived of the dispatch from Mukden
saying heavy fighting was reported to
have taken place near Port Arthur on
June 26, resulting in the Russian with
drawal from Guinsanshan after a
severe loss on both sides.
gagement Xcar Port Arthur.
Official. Confirmation of Lively En-
HEAVY LOSS OX BOTH SIDES.
Wf-.VSOX, Thursday, June 30, via
Seoul, Friday, July 1, 9:30 p. m. — At
daybreak to-day seven torpedo-boats
sank a steamer launch in the harbor,
captured a schooner outside and fired
339 shots at the ships and town. Xo
torpedoes were used, only small guns.
The damage to the town was slight.
There were -no casualties. The Rus
sian fleet, of three cruisers and seven
torpedo-boats, Is now outside the har
bor and a further bombardment is
feared.
Strange Force-Keeps
a Roadbed Out
. oi Order.
PROMINENT DEMOCRATS WHO
WILL. TAKE AN ACTIVE PART
IN RATIONAL CONVENTION.
THIRD RAIL
B0THERING
OFFICIALS
CIIEFC, July 1, 8:30 p. m. — What
should prove to be a decisive naval en
gagement was in progress at 1 o'clock
tlds afternoon -midway between Chef u
and Port Arthur.
The steamer Chef u, which has ar
rived here, passed within fifteen miles
of the Japanese fleet, cunsfstinjj.Qf two
battleships and four cruisers, all ac
tively engaged. The Russian fleet was
not seen, but the distance of the Jap
anese from land precludes the possi
bility of nny attack -on the land bat
teries. The captain of the.Chefu says
he heard a terrific. explosion, but was
unable to discern whether a Japanese
or Russian ship was affected. The bat
tle Is held here to confirm the Chinese
report that only four of the larger
Russian Warships were at Port Arthur
last night.
Fleet Is Now Outside the Harbor and
Another Attack on the Town Is
Feared by the Residents.
Russian Cruisers Bombard
WonsoD, but Shells Do
Little Damage.
As soon as it was' learned who the
man was word was sent to the trans
port Sherman and the ship's surgeon
called at the hosp'ital to decide whether
Hill could be taken on board and treat
ed ther*-. After -an examination. Dr.
Snoddy of the transport refused to re
ceive him on board,' as he deemed it a
serious case. The Police Department
was notified of that action and an ef
fort was made to get Hill's trunk
ashore, but It was piled among so many
others that it could not be found befor»
the Sherman cast off her -lines at 11
o'clock. Hence anything that would
go toward clearing up the mystery, i£
there is anything in his trunk to do so.
When the clothing of the man was,
examined a bunch of keys, «. penknife
and a tew trinkets were found in his
pockets, but at first, no, watch or
money. Further .investigation showed
a small wallet In the inside pocket, and
in that was .the transportation fur
nished by the department, a few. clip
pings from Xew York papers of 1901.
his receipt for the transfer of his trunl;
from the Grand Hotel and $1. $J. $3 and
$5 bills of ancient date issued by Kast
ern bank.s. No other Valuables were
on his person". That fact ' suggested
that' the man was ass'aulted and
robbed. . * .; •
IS LEFT BEHINTX .
Dr. R. C. Hill, the surgeon, in charge,
thought that the. man might be suf
fering from poison, as he was having
spasmodic convulsions. Thp stomach
was washed out, and a great -portion of
the con-tents removed. The case was
booked for developments.- There were
no indications of bruises on the body
nor any outward show of a fracture
of the" skulL •".-."
THOUGHT IT WAS POISON'.
At 3:30 yesterday morning Ernest
Derham, a lamplighter living at 2131
Powell street, was passing, along
Beale- street when he discovered the
man lying, on the- sidewalk Just north
of "Mission, street. Derham ' informed
Policeman J. H. Helms of the harbor
force that the man- was thefe. Helms
went at once to tlie spot indicated and
found Hill unconscious and breathing
heavily. The patrol wagon wits called
and the patient taken to the Harbor
Hospital. - ¦ . «
The chambermaid. visited the room
occupied by Hill early on Thursday
evening and straightened it up. -Later
she found Hill had returned- and- used
the room, as the pillows we're dis
turbed and cigar ashes were on the
floor. He. had. evidently gone out and
purchased reading matter, a copy of
an evening paper being on" the table
with ' a magazine. The dead man's
satchel was also on the .table., fully
packed with light article?, showing
that "he had expected to leave in the
morning.
LEAVES GRIP IX ROO3I.
Mystery surrounds the death of John
J. Hill, a' civilian clerk in the United
States Quartermaster's department, as-,
signed to duty In Manila.
man was picked up in fu unconscious
condition at 4:15 yesterday morning at
Beale and . Mission' streets and con
veyed to the Harbor Hospital. Without'
regaining 1 consciousness he died. at 4: S3
in' the afternoon and his body was- re
moved to' the Morgue. •
Hill,. who was about 30 years of age,
has- -been connected with, the quar
termaster's department in the East for
some time, but on June 1 he was trans
ferred, by orders of the quartermaster
general in Washington, from the supply
depot in St. Asaph. Va., to Manila and
instructed to leave on the Government
transport' Sherman yesterday,
H1U arrived from Washington, D. C
oh Wednesday and registered at" the
Grand. Cm-Thursday he applied at the
quartermaster's department oh Xew
Montgomery street and received his.
transportation. Further than that the
quartermaster's d«partment saw noth
ing of him.
The dead, man sent' his steamer
trunk from' the Grand Hotel on Thurs
day night and paid his bill. up to and
including yesterday morning. At the
time he ordered his trunk sent to the
transport he Joked with the porter
about his trip, to Manila and appeared'
in good spirits. He then had mortey
and tipped . the porter, whose quick
ear discovered the clink of other coin3
as the tip was given.
Continued on Pajc 3, Column 5.
•VET.: LOUIS. July ! L— Two" disUnct
.'¦lin^s.' of operations developed to-day in
: ;'the prelimjrfary ' skirmishing of--, .the
p«tn.pcr.a-tic Convention. .- One is a
'• scheme .-to rush "the ' nomination of
•JbCage Parker "on* the first and second
• Ballot, 'and .the- olher. is to scatter the
" yot.e.a.nd- prevent- an- early nomination
.- with.- a view, of -naming Cleveland or
Gorman. The friends of Gorman and
.•O;ifcy£larid_are working to hold the con
..veikion-for several ballots in the hope
• that their -candidate may be ; namedl
•The Gorman "men are not parties to' the
.Cleveland movement nor are the Cleve
land advocates -combining: with Gor
. ihan's friends. There 'is no alliance,
'.b.Kt -it. is to the* interest "of both that the
'Parker strength be:_ disintegrated as
. f>on as possible.
•;. There, are a" ley: men here — men of
•the. -old Cleveland guard — who are
¦va'.ching every p.oint and who are in
-vlu'be-' communication with Cleveland
v* urr ; pTters, a?id in a subtle and subter
'ranean manner they have been feeling
.". ;h *.'rV !se J"* nien as they arrive. They
¦¦ : aW using, the race issue on the- South
- c . r - n \ men > a nd with ail the- delegates
• -.they are ; using _ the ¦ argument that
M."Je>eiand is the* only man that th'e
JJemotfrats can elect. -With' some ef
fect. they are pointing out to the South
ern: ex- legates, that they need no better
/incuse for supporting Cleveland than
¦_; inat they did so for the purpose of pre
; : venting negro -definination by the Re
publicans, . The man who is credited
¦.wj'ih' -being the head and front of the
V C' £ vT2land movement." Thomas Ryan,
i >Vi!l airrive "to-morrow. Ryan is a dele
gate from Virginia and has been iden
tified With the '• Atlantic 'Coast Line
: /road. " He ha» also been associated with
•yharles- F. • Murphy. leader -of Tam
many Kail. Ilyan" is credited with hav
-:r.gsqmcSouth*rn State delegations up
•yhifcjUeeve. ready to thifow fo Cleveland.
• 6OKMAXS FRIENDS ACTIVE.
••'¦• position Js stated to be
th&i he wUl not enter into any com
bihation to' prevent the nomination of
•J>fker ehless it 'means his o.wn selec
-tidn".. .He" will not be. : used to pull out
;ches.thuta for Cleveland-. Around Gor-
J&a are. gathered the Maryland, West
•Virginia and District of Columbia dele
gations- arid "some from other States,
.-.with. a. bare possibility' of securing Xew
•-Jersey and Pennsylvania, But, like
Gorman, former Senator Smith of Xew
Jersey and James' A- Guffey of Penn
sylvania want to" see success in sight
before, they Jump.
' - There is a story going the rounds of
the politicians who are here that" th«
recent- cbnferenc.es- between Gorman,
Smith, ' Guffey -and McLean had for
their main objects proposition to con
trol the party-, organization;' that in
the- selection of : a committee chair
man some one should be chosen who
would name; men for the ' campaign
under the control .of. these men . This
control is desired • to' prevent it fall
ing into the hands of Dav4d B. Hill,
and- also that the machinery of the
party organization should not be used
for- Parker in 1-908- if he -should be
nominated and' make a good showing
th:s year. Xb one appears- authorized
to speak with authority for any man
who participated in the conference,
hut. whatever occurred .the friends of
Gorman Kere ar.csti!l talking about
the possibility of his nomination and
eecm to think he wijl be 'presented to
.the. convention. This may" be a part
of the plan to. secure concessions from
tl^e Parkor men.-
TRYING TO DEFEAT PARKER.
It is somewhat- surprising that al
though 264 .delegates-, are Instructed for
Parker and about l»60 wereelected un
der -auspices favorable to him. there
¦booM be. so much talk about scatter
ing h»s strength after one or two bal
¦loti because delegations are not under
nstructions. The inference seems to
be that they will go to another candi
date at an *arly stage in the balloting.
Parkers friends do not admit this
weakness of their candidate, although
the opponents of the Xew Yorker arc
making the suppled, lack of adherence j
of his delegates one of their strongest]
It seems apparent that the control of
party affairs will pass to the East no
matter who will be tho candidate or
what Aiay be the platform. Arkansas.
Missouri. Kansas. Iowa and Xebraska
Autopsy Reveals
Concussion of
Brain.
Stand of Gorman
Causing Much .
Talk. l
Fear Desertions
j After a Few
¦¦:: '"¦: '¦¦: BdllotS.
Knockout Drops
Believed to Be
Cause,
WARSHIPS'
GUNS ARE
IN ACTION
Naval Engagement in
Progress Near
Port Arthur.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS DEATH
OF J.J. HILL OF VIRGINIA
FRIENDS OF JUDGE PARKER
HOPE TO RUSH NOMINATION
TOKIO t .JuIy 2.— Vice Admiral Kamimura evidently trapped and attacked the Russian Vladivostok squadron off the islands of Tsu, in the southern entrance" to the Sea of Japan, last night.' The result of (he en
counter is unknown. - . • • . ¦ ¦ "
» ¦ ' ' ' ¦
. . LONDON, July I (9:08 p.m.). — Admiral Skyrdloff, according to a dispatch from St Petersburg to a news agency here, reports that the Vladivostok squadron has returned to Vladivostok undamaged. The admiral confirms
the.-bombardihent of Gensan. . . =>.""..
: - -. ST. PETERSBURG, July 1. — Major General Pflug, telegraphing from Mukden under date of July 1, says: • .: '• '• ' "
' "The reports from foreign sources that the Japanese fleet sank several vessels of our squadron on June 23, and that our loss included Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky and 700 sailors, are absolutely untrue." • •¦ -
: .... _; LIAOYANG, June 30 (delayed in transmission).— General Kuropatkin, with reinforcements. -personally /moved toward Dalin Pass, whereupon the pass was evacuated by the Japanese and reoccupied by the Russians. *
KAMIMURA TRAPS AND ATTACKS VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON;
KUROPATKIN DRIVES JAPANESE FORCES FROM DALIN PASS
Alcazar— "Soldiers at Fortune.**
Central — "Power of the Cross."
Chutes — VauderUle.
Fischer 1 ! — "The Wormoni." .
Grand— "Da Barry." \ •
Orpheum— Vaudeville, r ""
Tivoli— "Uobin Hood." •%;.
Matinees at all theaters; to
day . } .-- '
THE T2EBATEXS.
VOLUME • XCVI— NO. 32.
l*cr«caet mado at San Fran
cisco Xor thirty hour* ending
miOnlarlit, July 2,1904:
• pan Franciaco and vicinity —
Fair Saturday, except cloudy In
tfc.* morning-; fresh west winds.
• : G. H. WX&X.SOXT,
"Local Forecaster.
T,HE WEATHEB.
The San Francisco Call.SAN JOSE, July 1.— Miss Augusta
Stern, a teacher in the city schools,
died this morning after an illness ex
tending over only two days. She had
been a teacher in the School Depart
ment for twenty-four years.
Deceased was a native of Germany
and 4 7 years of age.
Miss Stern was standing in front of
a looking glass at her home on Pierce
avenue arranging her hat Wednesday
afternoon, preparatory to starting for
Capltola to spend . the summer, when
she was taken with a fainting spell.
During a violent spell a blood vessel in
the brain was broken. She was a sister
of Mrs. B. Schweyer and Samuel Stern.
School Teacher Seized With Faint
ing Spell as She Dresses for
Her Journey. *
STARTS ON VACATION
WHEN DEATH COMES
To a friend he told of his hard trip,
which was made doubly so because he
was kicked by a horse and hud one of
the bones of his right leg splintered.
On this he had to walk thirty-five
miles before obtaining a horse at
Capistrano to take him the rest of the
distance.
SAN DIEGO, July 1.— Pedro Al
varez, the Mexican who skipped from
the Los Angeles officers just after hav
ing been arrested for complicity in
smuggling Chinese across the border
from Lower California and also from
Sonora, has succeeded in .crossing the
line at Tia Juana, though he was
looked for by all the officers in this
part of the country.
Mexican Smuggler Agnin Succeeds
in Eluding the Officers From
'^;/.-Los Angeles.
ALVAREZ WALKED THIRTY
MILES WHILE CRIPPLED
The contents of the stomach were
sealed and will be sent to the City
Physician for analysis. Dr. Bacigalupi
performed the. autopsy last night and
found great quantities of blood extend
ing to the base of the brain and under
the scalp. Such a condition could not
result alone from the administration
of "knock-out drops," . which It was
supposed the man had been given for
the purpose of robbery, out it might
easily follow sandbagging. This Is the
theory the police are disposed to accept.
Captain-Quartermaster La Fitte of
the tiansport service was slightly ac
quainted with Hill. He Informed the
Coroner that, the remains would be
cared for by the department.
None of -the saloon-keepers in the
neighborhood where the man was
found could recollect having seen him.
It is a generally accepted theory along
the water front that Hill was sand
bagged and robbed of his money, but
that his papers were left on him in
order that he might be picked up and
sent out on the transport. ;
As there were no outward bruises of
any kind it is said that the conditions
disclosed by the autopsy would not re
sult from a fall without leaving
. some outward indication. The police
are working on the case, but have
1 -^n unable to find any one who saw
Hill after he left the hotel Thursday
evening. \
is now on its way. to the Orient.
The papers. in his satchel show that
the. dead man had been a student at
the National University Law School at
Washington, D. C.
Hill's general appearance would in
dicate that he was not a drinking man.
The attendants at the Harbor Hospital
did not notice any fumes of liquor
when he was brought in and he is
registered as being sober.
RESULT OF AUTOPSY.
LdNDON.^JuIy.l.— Japanese finan
cial^ representatives who are making
inquiries 'in /London relative to another
foreigniloan for the; purposes of war
are; consulting . with British financiers
as to "the proper terms for the loan.
It is proposed to borroV £10,000,000—
£5,000.000 in Great Britain and a sim
ilar amount in the United States. ;It
is explained ¦ that . the . money will not
be needed' for six months, but that the
Tokio Government is disposed to act
betimes.
Japan's British Embassador will
urge the floating of the loan Immedi
ately Inasmuch as Japanese creditVis
not exceptionally highland' nobody
can foretell the outcome of the next
half 'year.
SEEKING ANOTHER LOAN.
NEWCHWANG, July 1.— A Chinese
rumor is to the effect that 2000 Mon
golian troops engaged by Russia have
been annihilated In battle. No credence
is placed in the report. ' '. : V:
The crew of the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Lieutenant Burukoff, which ar
rived here from Port Arthur June 29,
say they left Port Arthur Tuesday
night in fog and rain and near Hockey
light got- out of "the course and ran
aground on the Bitter Shallows, near
Helf !Bay, on\the west coast of. the
ptninsula. They got off in two hours.
When the fog lifted "several of the Jap
anese . torpedo-boat < destroyers were
seen ¦• ttomf ng -. toward the Lieutenant
Burukoff, which was saved only by her
speed. '; 'I ¦' .> . :,.„¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦ ¦¦
A; boat which arrived here from
Shanghai" last night : reported that a
Japanese ¦. torpedo-boat * destroyer was
outside jthg'fintrance of the river, which
may v mean % ,tlfat she \vlll come in and
engage,". both'.,the "Lieutenant Burukoff
an'd thVgunboat ." Sleyouch.
Speed Saves Russian Craft From
Japanese Torpedo-Boats. .
RARELY ESCAPES CAPTURE.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS DEATH.
LOS ANGELES, July 1. — The work
ins force of the Southern Pacific shops
in .this city has been reduced 20 per
< ont as the result of the jreneral order
I.romulgated, a few days ago. The
number of men affected is about 200.
Railroad Reducing Force.
BERLIN, July 1. — The^ question of
mediation between Russia and Japan
on behalf of peace continues to be dis
cussed in diplomatic circles here. The
Tageblatt quotes the utterances of -mi
unnamed diplomatist having utose re
lations with Japan as saying that
Japan Is disposed to accept the medi
ation of some friendly power and
would propose peace conditions that
Russia could accept. Conditions could
be framed easily, since Japan does not
seek territorial acquisitions in Man
churia, but only wants the preserva
tion of her commercial interests there
and a certain influence in Korea. Hav
ing already substantially improved her
moral position with European pow
ers through the victories hitherto
won, Japan would gladly utilize the
situation thus created for establishing
peace before Russia reinforces her
Manchurian army too strongly. This
diplomatist further argues that Rus
sia, after having gained one important
victory, would consent to mediation
because the war has demonstrated
that she is unnble to cope with Japan
with her existing military equipment
and needs ten years for reorganization
and rearmament before renewing ths
struggle. Hence the war will soon
come to an end.
Diplomatist, Says Japan Would Pro
pose Acceptable Peace Terms. .
SUGGESTS MEDLVTION.
.VENTURA. July 1.— This afternoon
In conjunction with the summer festi
val an allegorical pageant commemora
tive of El Camino Real was held. The
building of "Mission San Buena Ven
tura and numerous traits of the primi
tive Indian and padre teachings were
• pictured. In the. divisions prairie schoon
ers and a Spanish galleon pictured the
early methods of transportation.. A
• t untingent . of automobiles and an
enormous traction .engine came in the
lear. .The entire event was received
\virh great enthusiasm by the residents
and the vistiing officers of El Camino
Heal Association.
Features of Ventura Entertainment
Are Enlivened by El Camino
Real Association.
ALLEGORICAL- PAGEANT
AT SUMMER' FESTIVAL
The wires are held to the poles by
24,000 insulators, which weigh fourteen
pounds each. These insulators are made
of porcelain, in four pieces, and were
shipped in bulk, being cemented to
gether at various places along the line.
They are the largest insulators ever
used in California. . The power will be
used by the electric railway systems in
this city, Pasadena, Pomona, Riverside,
San Bernardino and other places, and
a number of large .manufacturing
plants will also be supplied with "juice"
from this source.
The cost of the plant when com
pleted will be nearly $10,000,000, bonds
for that amount having been sold near
ly two years ago and taken by New
York financial houses.
LOS ANGELES, July 1. — Los An
geles was connected this evening with
what will be, when completed, the
largest electrical generating and dis
tributing plant in this country outside
of Niagara: From" Kern River over a
transmission line 128 miles long now
run three wires carrying 4 5,000 volts
of electricity and, as soon as an addi
tional power station Is completed
there, which will be within the next
month, the voltage will be increased
to 65,000, an energy which is sufficient
to generate 20,000 horsepower and
which is potential enough to supply
nearly all the towns in Southern Cal
ifornia with electricity.
The line has been completed by the
Kern River Light and Power Company,
a Huntington corporation, from the
power station at Borel, on the Kern
River, where the current is generated
by means of huge turbines turned un
der pressure of water taken from the
river twelve miles farther up the
stream.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
System Is Second Only to
That at Niagara Falls
in Equipment and Size
LIAOYANG, Thursday, June 30 (de
laj-ed in transmission). — Russian ad
vices from Port Arthur say that the
Russian Port Arthur squadron, con
sisting of eleven Bhlps, attacked the
Japanese squadron of eighteen ships
on June 23, sinking four of the Jap
anese torpedo-boats and inflicting
damage on the other vessels. The
Russian .ships returned to Port Arthur.
Not a single large vessel, it is added,
was damaged.
On. the evening Of June 26, fifteen
miles from Port Arthur, two Japanese
regiments, the advices further say,
were ambushed by Russian infantry,
who allowed the' Japanese to approach
within 400 yards. The Japanese at
tacked three times, getting to within
sixty yards of the Russians, but each
time they were repulsed. Later, be
ing reinforced by two other regiments,
the Japanese compelled the Russians
to fall back to their fortifications. The
total Japanese loss was a thousand
men. The Russian loss at Dalin Pass
on June 27 was eighty men killed.
The Japanese losses were heavier.
A Japanese army Is reported to be
within thirty-five miles of Liaoyang.
Southeast of Haicheng, on the Siu
yen road, the Japanese have with
drawn from the positions from which
they recently drove the Russians after
five days' continuous fighting. Gen
eral Mistchenko reports that his cav
alry has been experiencing the effects
of lyddite shells from the Japanese
naval guns, which the latter, are now
employing in the field.
During a recent typhoon In the Sea
of Japan twenty-seven barges, belong
ing to the Nippon Yusen Kaisha of
Tokio. lost 300,000 pounds of flour in
tended for the Japanese armies.
The rains here are increasing.
Fall to Break Through Russian Lines
Near Port Arthur.
JAPANESE ARE REPULSED.
WILL SUPPLY POWER
Los Angeles Connected With
One of the Largest Gener
ating Concerns in Country
BIG ELECTRIC
PLANT READY
The Chinese confirm the . previous
reports that a large ship is ashore
southeast of the Liaotishan promon
tory. . v ,. ; t
The Japanese have completed two
small forts ten miles east of Port
Arthur.
The Russians who resisted the ad
vance of the Japanese suffered severe
ly. Many dead and wounded men
have been brought to Port Arthur.
The hospital there is overcrowded. \
It is difficult to obtain correct in
formation in regard to the condition
of the fleet. The Russians maintain
that it Is intact, with the exception of
the battleship Sevastopol, which is
being repaired.
A Chinaman who left Port Arthur
last night says there are only four
Russian warships, cruisers and bat
tleships in the harbor and none out
side. The opinion prevails that the
faster ships succeeded in eluding the
five Japanese warships maintaining
the blockade.
CHEFU. July 1, 7 p. m. — A party
of Russians and Chinese arrived here
to-day by junk direct from Port Ar
thur, having left there yesterday. They
report that for several days shells
from both land and sea have been
falling in town, but doing little dam
age.
Shells Fall in the City, but Do Little
Damage.
PORT ARTHUR INTACT.
Sacramento Transportation Company
Urges State Engineers to .Re
strain Glenn County.
. • WILLOWS, July 1.— The Sacramento
Transportation Company has filed a
protest with the State Board of- En
gineers asking them to forbid the
county of Glenn erecting a . bridge
across the Sacramento River at Butte
City. Several months ago a steamer of
the v tran^portation company knocked
•into the riV»r the bridge located at this
place. '• The.! Supervisors ordered the
District' Attorney to bring suit against
the company.
Bids were let for the construction of
a new bridge, and the contractors have
* had the bridge built in sections and
shipped from 'the East The transpor
tation company claims that owing to
the nearness -of the bridge site to a
- 1>end in the-river a bridge located there
V. Ill be a menace to navigation and
may lead to another collision, with sim
ilar results to the one of last March:
The engineers are now investigating
' the conditions, and meanwhile the con
struction will be seriously delayed.
PROTESTS 'AGAINST THE
BUILDING OF BRIDGE
TOMBSTONE, Arizona. July 1. — A
tierce forest fire. is. raging in the Hua
ihuca Mountains, which Is destroying
many thousand acres of fine timber.
Thft fire, which started In Ash Canyon
and is spreading westward, is threaten
ing the property and buildings of sev
eral mining companies near, and also
the large plant and reservoir of the
Huachuca Water Company, located in
Miller Canyon, and from which Tomb
stone receives its water supply. A
large force of men is at the scene,
fighting the fire, but is 'unable to sta*
its progress.. An urgent request has
been wired the military commander at
I'ort Huachuca to send troops to check
the fire if possible. The spread of the
fire is viewed with apprehension, and
every effort Is being made to check it.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 1.— Czar
Nicholas has received the fallowing
dispatch from Viceroy Alexieff, dated
June 30:
. "A report received to-day from the
acting commander of the Port Arthur
squadron (Rear Admiral Withoeft)
states that on the night of June 23
eight torpedo boats were dispatched
to guard the roadstead seven miles out
to sea.
"The torpedo boats repulsed the
enemy's torpedo boats which had ap
proached. During this . action Com
mander Ellisseln, Lieutenant Smirnoff
and two bluejackets were wounded.
All the torpedo boats returned toward
morning.
"At '8 o'clock the Novlk, Diana, As
kold, Sevastopol, Poltava, Czarevitch,
Pobieda. Peresvlet, Retvizan, Bayan
and Pallada steamed out into- the road
stead in line ahead and anchored. Two
floating Japanese mines having been
perceived in the roadstead the squad
ron remained at anchor.
"Meanwhile several small boats
which had been searching for mines
discovered and exploded ten on the
eastern side of the roadstead. An ex
amination showed that the mines were
probably laid during the night by two
of the enemy's torpedo boats, which
had approached Port Arthur.
"At 2. p. m. the squadron, preceded
by a flotilla of mine dredges, torpedo
Other Property in Danger
and Military Commander
Is Appealed To for Aid
PEOPLE AEE W0EKIED
MEX KILLED AT VICTOR
Verdict Accuses Moyer and
Haywood and Others of
Murder and Inciting Eiot
boats and the Novik, steamed in line
ahead toward the open sea, having
emerged from the roads without mis
hap. The squadron shaped its course
southward and the dredgers were sent
back to Port Arthur escorted by armed
picket boats. Two Japanese scouts,
with a detachment of torpedo boats,
were keeping our squadron In sight all
the while. ', ,'.;\\ _ - U. / .<
TRY TO BREAK FORMATION.
. "Twenty miles from shore a Japanese
squadron was sighted steaming In divi
sions line ahead, which, on drawing
closer was found to be composed of one
second-class and four first-class bat
tleships, four armored first-class cruls-
ers, seven second-class cruisers, five
third-class cruisers, one scout boat, one
steamer and thirty torpedo-boats in two
divisions.
"As they approached the Japanese
were seen to be preparing to place a di
vision of cruisers and torpedo-boats be
tween the shore and our squadron, In
order that during the night they might
force by ' persistent torpedo attacks
some of our ships to break the forma
tion and in the morning engage us
with all their ships.
"Taking Into consideration the fact
that the enemy's force was greatly su
perior to ours, and in view also of the
large number, of Japanese torpedo
boats, I decided to return to Port Ar
thur In order to act according to cir
cumstances, considering that this plan
The Jury found that on the day of
the riot an armed body of merr, about,
ninety, members' of the. Western .Fed
eration of Miners, assembled at Victor,
pursuant to pre-arranged plans. . from
different parts of the county anti that
they were appointed epecial ..policemen
by Marshal O'ConneJl, but that- they
were In fact an unlawful, assemblage
or mob. -."•'• . . • . .
Before the riot O'Connell "was" re
moved ¦ from- office by the Mayor and
ills, deputies, and the ' Sheriff ordered"
the mob to disperse. Notwithstanding
this order, about fifty of -the mob
started a riot. Alfred Miller, ..one -of
the gang, attempted to kill C..C. Ham
line and during the' shooting McGefe
and Davis were killed .ancT- others
wounded. " " . "' • '
After the verdict wa« read an In
formation waaflleii against. the West
ern Federation", officials arid. the. old
executive 'committee and "capiases for
their arrest were' placed" in the hands
of the Sheriff. " • . " • .•/."
The cases will be heard at the Sep
tember term of court. >
DENVER, Colo.. July I.— A special
dispatch from Crippla Creek -says:
As the result of the finding of the
Coroner's Jury which' investigated" the
deaths of Roscoe McGee and John
Davis, which occurred during the riots
In Victor on the afternoon of -June '6,
President Charles H. iloyer and W. D.
Haywood. secretary-treasurer of the
Western Federation of Miners, together
with forty-six other men. are charged
with murder and inciting riot. Judge
Lewis Cunningham, sitting in the Dis
trict Court, has fixed the bonds of
Moyer and Haywood at $10,000 each.
The verdict accused William Boyle of
killing John Davis and Andrew- Biliat
of killing Roscoe McGee. . '- v
"Our liabilities- may be -J'l, 0.00.000.
but I think' . our assets -wii; balance"
them. I do hot care, to go in.to a dis
cussion of the question now and -must
have time to investigate. I believe
we will be able. to straighten out our
difficulties and keep our business."
DENVER. July • 1. — The Fidelity
Savings Association, ¦ $25 " Sixteenth
street, went into the hands' of a re
ceiver to-day. Liabilities, are placed
at $1,000,000 and Attorney J. C. Helm
has been made receiver. E. M. John
son, president, and manager -of the! In
stitution, said to-nightl ' ."•. •"
Fidelity Savings Association of Dearer
Is Embarrassed, but Directors *
Hope to Settle Difficulties. •
BANKING INSTITUTION
IN HANDS • OP ".RECEIVER
*1 would not accept the .silver plat
ter," replied the ex-President, '.with a
very perceptible smile.
"I do not want It,'.' was Che. reply;
"and I. can conceive of ha such* thins
occurring." . " , • * *." •
"But suppose the- nomination was
handed to you im- a silver platter,
what would you do?** ¦
PRINCETON, N. J:.V Julv . 1.— Two
prominent Princetonians, one aprofes-.
sor. in the university 'and the other a
trustee of the" same, aria* both -very
close personal friends at ex-PpesIdent
Cleveland, called to bid hjrn good- by
the .other evening.
Cleveland was about to'leav* for New
England for the summe*r.
"Will you take the Presidential nom
ination IX it cornea to you?" inquired
one of his friends.. * v; .
Cleveland Would .Not Trilt* >*omina
. tion on a Silver Platter.
SAY'S HE! WOULD DECLINE.
of action ' laid us open to less risk of
less. > .
v "At 7 p. m. our squadron started on
its return to Port. Arthur, a proceeding
which the enemy- did not attempt to
prevent,' nor "did he - attempt to ap
proach. '. v.y'/vI
TORPEDO-BOATS ARE SUNK.
"At 10 o'clock , the squadron reached
the" roadstead, where it cast anchor. At
the same time, our rearmost ships suc
cessfully repulsed' two Japanese tor
pedo attacks.
"Notwithstanding the. bright moon-"
light, the enemy continued to make
torpedo attacks in the roadstead until
daybreak, but the attacks were always
successfully repulsed.
"In the morning there were found
along the coast near our warships
twelve Whitehead torpedoes which had
been launched by the enemy on long
range, the torpedo-boats not being al
lowed to approach nearer than twelve
cable lengths." -vf V;
"The torpedo-boats attacked in
groups and -at 'least two of them were
sunk. .'•¦".
"In the morning the bodies of a Jap
anese officer and. -two- sailors were
washed on the beach.
"The successful repulse of the tor
pedo-boats' attacks, in which several
batteries took part, was facilitated by
the searchlights on shore.
"In the morning: all our vessels en
tered port at high tide." ':%('-".
COURT STATS
SALE FOR TAXES
Collector Barber Is Held
From Selling Property of
Contra Costa Company
VALUES ARE TOO HIGH
Owners Affirm That Assess
ment Is Xot Levied in Ac
cordance With State laws
ST. PETERSBURG, July 1.— The fol
lowing dispatch has been received at
the War Office from General ZInilsky
dated June 30:
"The . following reports have reached
here (Liaoyang) from Port Arthur: On
June 24 the Japanese displayed great ac
tivity at all their outposts, and in the
hope of recapturing the mountains of
Wartzeilaza, " which had been . taken
from them, they attacked," but again
were repulsed and our troops now oc
cupy the village of Belkhohoon. north
east of Siaoplngtao. The enemy main
tained a heavy fire at long range on
our. left flank from their squadron,
which" lies in Talienwan Bay, in full
view. of Port Arthur. It consists of a
cruiser, two torpedo-boat destroyers
and seven merchant ships, which evi
dently brought cargoes into the bay.
"On the night of June 24-25 the
Japanese torpedo-boats reapproached
the fortress and at 4 a. m. on June 26
the enemy began to cannonade from
their vessels In Siaopingtao Bay, di
recting their fire against the whole
coast toward the north, from the bay
to Mount Uitselo, and then attacked In
great force, firstly Height No. 131; sec
ondly Height No. 126. '¦;',.
"The latter were attacked by a small
detachment landed for this purpose.
These two heights were held by our
riflemen, who, after driving off three
attacks with heavy losses, retired and,
being pressed . by the enemy, sought
refuge on the heights of Lounvantian.
TJie enemy attacked this position in
great force, employing at least a divis
ion, but all the assaults were repulsed.
"At 3:30 p.m. the Japanese appeared
on the Port Arthur road in great
strength and attacked Kwinshan
(Guinsanshan). The riflem/n, who held
the height with two battalions, retired.
The Japanese turned them from the
rear, losing heavily in the maneuver.
Our torpedo boats were of some as
sistance to us, advancing on Lounvan
tian and bombarding the coast occu
pied by the enemy.
"Our losses were seven officers and
about 200 soldiers killed or wounded.
Our. mines exploded at the proper time,
blowing up at least fifty Japanese.
Their losses were evidently consider
able.
"According to the latest advices;
large columns of the enemy are march
ing from Dalny toward the village of
Suantsanhon and Khouint Mountain.
"On June 27 there was a fusillade at
the Japanese outpost due to the Jap
anese establishing themselves on the
summit of Lounvantian Mountain. Our
boats proceeded yesterday toward
Lounvantian and bombarded the
shore. -." . ¦ ¦ ' . ; :. ¦ -..- • .
"Yesterday evening the forts and
batteries at Port Arthur opened fire
on the Japanese torpedo boats."
The Centra Costa Water Company
brought suit yesterday against James
B. Barber, Tax Collector of Alameda
County, to restrain him from selling
the property belonging to the plaintiffs
for delinquent taxes.
The case came up before Judge Gra
ham, who granted the plea of the plain
tiffs and Issued the order. A bond of
$"5,000 was required and furnished. The
case has been assigned to Judge Mu
rasky, the return day being July 11.
The property was advertised to be sold
to-day.
The cause that led up to the suit is
the refusal of the water company to
pay taxes upon Its property on the
basis of the valuation placed upon it
by Henry P. Dalton, Assessor of Ala
meda County. He placed the value of
the franchise at $1200, and on their
property in and about and including
Lake Chabot at $600,000.
The Assessor takes as an authority
for the basis upon which he forms the
valuation of these properties the or
dinances passed in 1866 and 1872. The
water company contends that these or
dinances are superseded by the amend
ments to the constitution passed In
18S4, as per section 19, article XI, State
constitution. This act, the. company
claims, permits anybody to lay pipes
for public use in the public streets.
Such pipes shall not be assessed as per
sonal property. .¦ _.-\
Regarding the Lake Chabot property,
the water company contends that inso
much as it owns all the property
in and about and surrounding the lake
the water in the lake is legally a por
tion of the real estate.
The suit was filed In this city because
the principal place of business of the
water company Is located here.
The attorneys for the plaintiff are
John Garber, Francis J. Heney and
.Garret W. McEnerney.
KUROKI'S ARMY ACTIVE.
Japanese Forces Pushing on Through
the Mountain Passes.
LIAOYANG, July L^General Kuro
patkin and General Kurokl are moving
their troops like men on a chessboard.
The Japanese are now twenty miles
from Liaoyang. Rains are impeding
their movements. Detachments total
ing 1200 men have been detailed from
General Renenkampff's Cossacks . to
scout defiles and hills, harassing the
Japanese and not allowing them any
rest, day or night. The Japanese artil
lery is said to be commanded by an
American. His tall form is frequently
seen with the batteries.
Kuroki's army is extremely active
east of the Russian position and the
Russians are correspondingly vigilant.
The Russian center is rapidly pushing
northward to a point where Kuropat
kin established his base after the battle
of Vafangow. As .far as the Russians
know, Kurokl is steadily, pushing on
ward through x he mountain passes,
even toward Mukden. Preparations at
all points are now practically complete.
The demc-nstrations made during the
last few days against the Russian left
flank threaten completely to change the
position of the two armies.
Notwithstanding four da * rain the
troops are still moving.' Some railroad
trains with wounded passed north on
June 30.
Newspaper correspondents have re
turned to Liaoyang from the south. A
press bureau has been established at
Liaoyang.
SAN DIEGO. July 1.— Prank Fields
of Oxnard and Mike McCIure of San
Francisco fought twenty rounds before
the San Diego Athletic Club to-night,
the result being declared a draw.
Fields and McCIure in a Draw.
Los Angeles Man Declares Revenge
SAYS SENATOR BURTOy
IS PERSECUTING HIM
Prompts Effort to Punish
Him In Court.
LOS ANGELES. July . 1. — C. H
Brooks, owner of the Van Nuys Broad
way Hotel, formerly of St. Louis, has
been held for removal to that city by
the United States authorities to answer
an indictment returned by the United
States Grand Jury charging him with
using the mails for fraudulent pur
poses. The charge grows out of
Brooks* alleged connection with a get
rich-qulck concern known as the Na
tional , Securities Company, that oper
ated on a large scale and in its opera
tions involved some prominent people.
If what Brooks says is true his
trial will be productive of some sen
sational features. He asserts that
United States Senator Burton, who
was recently convicted of bribery in
connection with the company. Is be
hind the present efforts to prosecute
him because he (Brooks) was obliged
to dlvulcre certain information which
contributed largely to the conviction
of Burton.
He further declares that the indict
ment has been held up for more than
a year, that after It was returned he
passed the United States District At
torney at St. Louis many times and
no effort was made to arrest hfm. This,
he asserts, was part of Burton's plan
to secure a hold on those who knew of
his dealings and thus make it unsafe
for them to appear at Burton's trial.
Brooks has given bond and will be
ready to leave for St. Louis whenever
an officer comes for him.
It Is a woman's fondness for change
that prevents many a husband from
leaving any in his pocket.
RUSSIA IS DETERMINED.
Reverses to Her Arras Make Her
Thirst for Revenge on Japanese.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 1.—Dis
patches from Washington saying that
Inquiries made by the Government as
to the possibility of mediation show
that neither Russia nor Japan is in a
humor to entertain overtures, but that
the State Department is ready to offer
its services in the interest of m~'iiation
whenever they may be acceptable, are
attracting considerable attention 'n
Government and diplomatic circles.
The optimistic opinions' attributed . to
official circles at Washington r: yard
ing the early opening of friendly offices
are not shared in Russia.
On the contrary, where vc- inquiries
have been made the opinion has been
unanimous that there is nothing in the
present situation, so far as Russia Is
concerned, on which to base an early
termination of the war, and that the
question of peace will be considered
only when direct proposals have been
made by Japan.
Russia has announced her determina
tion not to tolerate mediation, and this
determination seems to be rather
strengthened than shaken by the re
verses to her arms.
"There can be no mediation." the As
sociated Press was emphatically in
formed, "and any proposals looking to
peace must come from Japan. The
United States Government might be
come the medium through which pro
posals will be submitted for our con
sideration and of course any such pro
posal would be considered, but Russia
is not seeking good offices, and neither
the United States nor any other power
will be asked to a'ct as mediator."
ST. PETERSBURG. July 2. 4:20 a. m.
It is believed that the commencement
of the rainy season will materially af
fect the whole military situation. The
authorities believe that the rain great
ly lessens the probability of' an imme
diate decisive engagement between
General Kuropatkin and General Ku
rokl. and it is thought that the wet
weather will close the campaign in the
upper part of the Liaotung Peninsula
until good weather sets in. The Japa
nese will probably be forced to hold the
positions where the rain finds them as
best they can.
The operations around Port Arthur
doubtless will be seriously hampered.
It is believed the Japanese will find it
necessary to establish another base,
probably on the west coast of the lower
part of the Liaotung Peninsula, in or
der to bring in food supplies, especially
if the 10,000 troops reported to have
been landed on the Elliott Islands
march toward Port Arthur. ; . i.
The Japanese will probably be able
to utilize the time in making prepara
tions to push the siege on the resump
tion of fair weather, -i.; ¦:'-• ' ;-'. '-ir v; "¦". "¦
The lengthy report to the Czar from
Viceroy Alexieff detailing the rally of
the Port Arthur squadron on June 23
and the repulse of the Japanese torpedo
attack indicates that Rear Admiral
Withoeft was in no wise caught off his
guard. The explanation of the fact that
the squadron remained in the outer
roadstead throughout the night is that
the twenty-four foot tide at Port Ar
thur renders the channel impracticable
for vessels of deep draught at low tide.
There is much speculation as to the
exact position of the Port Arthur fleet,
the later dispatches from Lieutenant
General Zalinsky, chief of staff to Vice
roy Alexieff, bringing the reports from
the fortress up to two days after the
squadron was supposed to have gone
into the harbor, without mentioning the
vessels. If the squadron has again gone
out, as is popularly rumored, the au
thorities have-not disclosed the fact.
Forest Fire Sweeps Hua
chuca 3Iountains, Burning
Much Valuable Timber
Coroner's Jury BlamesLabor
Leaders for the Shooting
of McGee and John Davis
Large Columns of Japanese
Are Marching From Dalny
Toward Suantsanliow
Operations Around Port Ar
thur Doubtless Will Be
Seriously Hampered.
FLAMES RAGE
IN ARIZONA
CRIME FIXED
ON THE MINERS
Czar Receives Dispatch From Viceroy Alexieff Giving
the Details of the Sinking of Two of the
Enemy's Vessels During an Attack.
Bainy Season Will Material
ly Affect the Whole Mili
tary Situation. '
Eussians Occupy Village of
Beikholioon, Northeast of
Siaopiiigtao.
RUSSIAN SHIPS AT PORT ARTHUR REPULSE TORPEDO-BOATS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "SATURDAY." JULY 2, 1904.
American Squadron ut Athens.
ATHENS,' July 1. — The American
European squadron has arrived at
Piraeus (the port of Athens).
WILLOWS, July 1.— Dr. S. V. West,
a prominent alumnus of the State-Uni
versity of the class of '98, was married
in Colusa Wednesday evening to Miss
Minnie Miles, a recent graduate of the
San Jose Normal School. West was a
leader in the college military, holding
a commission in the University Cadets
and carrying off the medal for best
marksmanship for two years. After
graduating . from the medical depart
ment of the university last year he lo
cated in Colusa to practice his chosen
profession.
Marries Normal Graduate.
Fourth of July at Alaincln.
A sr&nd celebration of the Fourth will be
ht id at Neptune . Gardens. Alameda. Literary
exercises, races and cames, fireworks and a
ball Is the evening- Round trip tickets from
fan Francisco, including admission to grounds,
45 cents for- adults. 30 cents for children.
Tickets on sale at terry depot on mornlnx of
the- Fourth. Ask Southern Pacific agents. *
TRENTON, N. J.. July 1. — -Judge
Lanning is expected to-morrow to
issue the decree in the foreclosure
proceedings instituted' for in the
United States ' Circuit Court by the
Mercantile Trust Company and the
New York Security Company "against
the, United States Shipbuilding Com
pany. , . .
Maj'' Foreclose on Trust.
Agreement Ends Disturbances in
Santo Domingo and Brings Re
lease to Political Prisoners.
SAN DOMINGO, June 28 (de
layed in transmission). — Disturbances
at Agua de. Compastala have tended.
The rebels have accepted the .offer
made by the , Government and many
political prisoners have been released.
OFFER OF GOVERNMENT
IS ACCEPTED BY REBELS
2
Da. FIEBCE'S BE3IEDIES. "•
A HOTHER'S LOVE. .
. A mother's love is so divi&« that the.
sOfL roughest TH a?1 cati-
<f52s2^ •¦ ' n °t help but appre-
/HjS*§$g» ciats it a- the crown
/KrW^ *>Sf "of "womanhood.
MBjftSyvgESsJj h'ood is looked for-.
.'J&&"^«2?«St# ward ko with feelings
ffl'fjvfiffifr Sf °. f - E« at dread by al-
such times a wotn-
J^/H'*^*55^^H aa "* s p 8^? 0 '' ys *
W$^%gs*&S£i*i#*l - n( l 8^ c > s i a need '
ir ~^&F of a uterine tonic
&nd . n'<rvinc t a
etreagth builder, to fit her for the prdeal.-
No matter how beaUhy or strong a woman
nay. bs she csacct help but be benefited by.
taking Dr. Piercc'a Favorite Prescription
to prepare for the eve.n.t. • ' •
This is zrhai one mol&rr says:
"With n heart ewerflowinj xrith gratitude I
will eadcaror to write you. It is .nearly two
years Ego since I first wrote- to yoti for advice
regarding ay ncaltb which xra* Rien very b»d."
writes Mrs. L- Pootc. of Hincsdale. Ky., to Dr.*
R. V. risrec chief eossu'.tiag siiryeon of the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo.
N. Y. have described rav sufferings ia other
letter* to you. After receiving your advice and
the ' Common Seosc Medical Adviser ' \ bought
some cf ypv-T ' Favorite Prescription.* and to-aay
am a tvc'.I woman and the proud mother of a
dear little boy."
Backed op by over a third of a century
, of remarkable cures, a record -snch as no
other remedy for the diseases- and weak-'
nesses peculiar to women ever attained,
the proprietors and makers of Dr. -Pierce '9
Favorite Prescriptibn eott feel* fully war-
ranted in offering ' to pay $500 in legal
money of the United Statrs. (br any case of
Lcncorrhea, Female Weakness, Pr»lapsns,
cr Falling of Womb which they cannot
cure. All they ask is a fair and 'reasonable
trial of their means of curtf .
Their uca^cial responsibility is well
knotra to every newspaper publisher and
druggist in the United States, with most of
who:n they have done business fo* over a
third of a century.
Hovrto live in health and happiness, is
t!ie general tbeme of Dr.-Pierce's Common
Ssnsc Medical Adviser? . This great work
on medicine and hygiene,- containing 1 over
joro po^es and more than 700 illustrations,
is sent free on reqeipt of stamps to-pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Send 31 one-cent
stamps for the cloth-boiled volume, or only
:x stamps for the book in paper coma.
WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIj
RECEIVE FREE
A SCIENTIFIC TOASTER,
The latest and most improved
article on the market for.toasr-
irig bread, broiling oysters,
dams or steaks.
Can be used on gas, coal or oil
stoves.
GIFTS GIVEN TO-DAY.San Franciscan Is Appointed.
WASHINGTON, July 1. — Henry M.
Hoyt of San Francisco, was to-day ap
pointed by the President United States
Attorney at Nome, Alaska, to succeed
Melvin Grigsby, resigned. Hoyt was
originally from Pennsylvania,
Special Trip to Vallejo and Glen Cove.
Steamer H. J. Corcoran leaves north
end of Ferry Building (foot of Clay st)
Saturday 8 p. m. for Vallejo and Glen
Coye: fare 25c each way. Sunday, leaves
Vallejo- 6:50 a. m. t&r San Francisco.
Leaves San Francisco 9:30 a. m. for Val
lejo. Glen Cove and Martinez, round trip
60c. Monday, July 4, regular weekly
schedule. Seo time table. •
Commencing July 3, train No. .'.0. Fr«sno
express, will leave San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
Instead of a :30 p. m. This train will make
direct connection at Lathrop for Stockton and
carry Yosemlte sleeper for Raymond via Ber
enda.
Train No. 6, leaving at 6 p. m., will let off
passengers at Byron. . • •
Southern Pacific Train Changes.
¦ DENVER, July 1. — The Western
Federation of Miners, having been
ordered to ;yacate its offices in the Min
ing Exchange, building, the executive
hosjri of. that .organization to-day
leasednew offices .in the Pioneer build
ing. .-;¦-/; ' • -;-*., ¦
.Federation in New Quarters.
McCall Will Nominate Cunningham.
CHIPPEWA FALLS, Wis., July 1.—
T. J. , Cunningham, candidate for the
nomination for Vice President at St.
Louis next week, will be nominated by
George B. McCall, formerly Mayor of
Chippewa Falls.
WASHINGTON. July 1.— It is gener
ally understood that Morton enters the
Cabinet for campaign purposes only
and that he will retire March A next,
even If Roosevelt should be elected,
and resume his old position with the
Santa Fe Railway, from which he is
said to have been granted nine
months' leave of absence. Roosevelt
expects to draw support from the rail
way and other corporations through
Morton. That Is why. Morton was se
lected .for the Cabinet.
Report That He Will Leave Uie Cab
inet After the Election.
MORTON MAY RESIGN.
' OUR AT. July 1.— Most of the 200
¦tn en thrown out of work -by the shut-
Gown of the Smuggler-Union mines at
•Telluride departed from San" Juan
County to-day. One of the departing
.ra«n. claimed, that the non-union men
Vere assessed SI a month by the mine
managers for the. maintenance of the
iruards who' were protecting them and
.'tbat a- vigorous protest had been«made
""ligainst the : assessment.
Clalm They Paid for Guards.
ST. PAUL, July 1.— When the Repub
lican State Convention was called to
gether this afternoon the credentials
committee not being ready to report,
the resolutions committee presented the
platform.
The first mention of President Roose
velt's name brought forth a tremendous
ovation, which was duplicated when
the plank indorsing Governor Van
Sant's action in fighting the. so-called
railroad merger was read. The indorse
ment of Senator Clapp for re-election
brought out the greatest demonstration
that has yet occurred in the conven
tion. The report was unanimously
adopted.
The platform, after reaffirming, the
national platform and commending the
administrations of McKInley and
Roosevelt, has the following to say on
national issues:
"We believe that the large corpora
tions, commonly called trusts, should
be regulated by law and supervised
both in their organization and opera-'
tions, that their tendencies may be
checked and their evil practices pre
vented, and Insist that they shall be so
regulated and controlled as to prevent
/nonopoly and promote competition, and
in the fullest measure subserve and ad
vance the public good.
"We believe in the doctrine of pro
tection' to American industry as set
forth in the national Republican plat
form of 1904, and we believe in reci
procity as defined and advocated by
William McKinley and James G.
Blaine."
The platform commends the action of
President Roosevelt and Governor Van
Sant In "espousing the cause of the
people against the railway merger and
trusts." It indorses Senators Nelson
and Clapp to succeed themselves; fa
vors good roads; solicits a better un-
Meet in State Convention and Adopt
a Strong Platform.
MINNESOTA REPUBLICANS.
T. • Brilliant, who has been promi
nently identified with the furniture
business in San Francisco for many
years, died yesterday in the McNutt
Hospital, whither he went two days
ago to undergo an operation. De
ceased was a native of Russia, 54
years of a'ge. A widow and three
children, Benjamin T. Brilliant, Mrs.
George Gordon and Mrs. S. R. Jacobs,
survive him. He was Widely known in
this city, where he had lived for thir
ty years. The funeral will take place
Sunday.
• .
Well Known Merchant Dead.
YREKA, July 1. — Thomas F. Le
veque, a native of Canada and for the
past two years a printer on the R«d
lands Citrograph, died on a train near
Montague to-day. He was in company
of his wife, who was endeavoring to
get him to Winnipeg; Manitoba, as
the doctors said he must die.
Printer Dies on a Train.
OMAHA, Nebr., July 1. — William
Jennings Bryan passed through Omaha
this morning on his way to fill two
engagements in Iowa before going to
St. Louis.
He expressed, great confidence in
Democratic success this fall.
"I look for a good candidate and a
good platform as the result of the con
vention," he said. "By a good plat
form I mean one that honestly and
without evasion states the Democratic
position on public questions. By a
good candidate I mean one who can
be enthusiastically supported by all
good Democrats. And by good Demo
crats I mean those who have In the
last campaigns aided the Democratic
fight against plutocracy. Under these
conditions I consider there Is an excel
lent chance to elect a Democratic
President. The Republican platform
advocates a higher tariff than ever be
fore. Apart from this It does not pre
sent a single Issue clearly. I am hop-
Ing that our convention will so act
that Democratic courage can be con
trasted with Republican cowardice."
BRYAN IS CONFIDENT.
Colonel George H. Pippy, president of
the Union League Club, Is In receipt of
a letter from President Roosevelt, per
sonally thanking him and the club for
their telegram of congratulations on his
nomination. The President also says
that it was a pleasure for him to select
a Calif ornian, Victor H. Metcalf, for the
portfolio of the Department of Com
merce and Labor. The letter reads as
follows:
• "WHITE HOUSE, June 23, 1904.
"My Dear Colonel Pippy: Through
you, pernjit me to thank the members
of the Union League Club heartily for
their kind telegram of congratulations,
which I appreciate. It was a pleasure
for me to be able to select a Californian
as a member of my Cabinet.
"With good wishes, believe me,
"Sincerely yours,
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
"Colonel George H. Pippy, President
Union League Club, San Francisco,
California."
Eoosevelt Sends a Personal
Letter to President Pip
py of the Union League
THANKS CLUB
FOR GOOD WILL
FAMOUS ENGLISH PAINTER WHO
PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY AT
LONDON.
derstanding between capital and labor
and favors the use of the union label
on State supplies wherever practicable.
The convention to-night nominated
the' following ticket:
Governor— Robert C. Dunn of Mille
Lacs.
Lieutenant Governor — R. W. Jones.
Secretary of State — P. E. Hanson.
State Treasurer— J. C. Block. .
Justices of the Supreme Court—Cal
vin L. Brown, Charles L. Lewis, C. B.
Elliott. Edwin A. Jaggard.
Senator Moses E. Clapp, who presid
ed, brought about the harmony by In
sisting that contests be fought out in
the committee on credentials. While
contests were not settled by the com
mittee, all talk of bolting was done
away with, so that when a minority re
port was adopted unseating 113 dele
gates favorable to Justice Collins for
Governor the unseated delegates left
the hall, pledging their support to
whichever ticket might be named.
After the unseating was completed it
became evident that Dunn had a large
majority. Congressman Eddy with
drew from the race and the name of
Collins was not presented.
Dunn's nomination was made by ac
clamation.
As the convention indorsed Senator
Clapp for re-election it seems probable
that no one will seriously contest his
return to the Senate.
Incident' occurred there. Among" others.
Colonel Jaukea of Hawaii was called'
upon for a speech and. was Introduced'
by a local master of caremonjes as the
"delegate at large from Hawaii."
Through the thoughtfulness and ener
getic efforts of Floyd 'Judah, : the trav-"
eling passenger agent accompanying"
the delegation, -another welcome de-y
parture from the schedule was accom- .
pllshed when, this city was reached.
The stopover here, was extended five'
hours, thus- enabling .the members o"
the delegation to .fa'm'iliarize ' them
selves with all the points of. interest in
the enterprising city.. The social
reached here about 3 p.. m,.. and the del
egates proceeded to the Baltimore
Hotel, where they were met "6y a few
of the prominent Democrats. of the city
and an' informal reception .was held.
They then scattered- In all directions,'
agreeing to assemble again at the Un
ion depot at- 12: 30 o'ciqek. when the last
stretch of the Journey- will .be enterecr
on. St. Louis will be .reached' afabout
7:30 o'clock .to-morrow mornln,g, when
the serious work- of 'establishing .tha
headquarters and securing, votes for
Hearst will be taken* np.
Headquarters In the Jeffers'&n Hotel
have already been secured by Chairman
Tarpey, and by Monday" morning every
thing will be ¦ In shipshape, .to uphold
the reputation of the- Golden. "State for
hospitality and whole-hearted gener
osity. . ¦ ¦';.;. --y~ .•¦¦/;:*.
. Arizona reinforcements -were picked
up at La Junta, and some of the South
Dakota' and New Mexico delegates
joined the party at Kansas City to-day,
so ' the . special train, will, .run Jnto St.
Louis with representatives on. board
from nearly all the Western States and
Territories,' -. • - : . * .'. "'r
Little of political interest h,a3" devel
oped to-day, the final seloclion of the
representatives on the. various conven
tion committees being deferred until
the delegation meets at St. Louis.
George A. Magoon has been appoint
ed Postmaster at Sag Harbor, Pierce
County, Washington, vice Thomas F.
Harris, resigned. Peter Llebe has been
commissioned Postmaster at Cadella.
Morris E. E. Brotherton at Narrango
and Chester W. Peterson at Scotia. The
three last named offices are also in
Washington.
Charles G. Dannison has been ap
pointed Postmaster at Blue Creek.
Charles A. Huff of Vallejo has been
appointed a clerk in the Treasury De
partment.
John A. Clark, James T. Olsen, James
D. Lane, Philip Knowberg, T. F. Muni
roe, George Holze. A. L. Gabrin, Vin
cent N. Johnson, Daniel O'Connor, Mi
lan Sikes, James A. Conroy, George
Eberllng. John Lane. A. E. F. Thur, T.
F. Connor, John G. Desmond, Maynard
V. Starke, William J. Hannigan and W.
C. Woll have been appointed substitute
letter carriers for the San Francisco
postoffice.
A contract was awarded for a crude
petroleum burning plant for the boilers
of the San Francisco postoffice and
courthouse, tracks, pumps piping, etc.,
for 52653 to the P. F. Dundon Iron
Works, San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, July 1.— The follow
ing Postmasters have been appointed:
Emma Case, at Morro, Cal.; Theodore
Jenks, at Agua Caliente, Cal., and Fred
M. Jenks, at Govan, Wash.
Army orders — Under Instructions
from the President^ an Army Retiring
Board is appointed to meet at San
Francisco at the call of the president
of the board, for the ! examination of
Major Henry. J. Kendall, Twelfth
Cavalry; the board is to consist of
Colonel Charles Morris, Artillery
Corps; Colonel Alfred C. Girard, as
sistant surgeon general; Colonel George
Andrews, assistant adjutant general;
Lieutenant Colonel Robert H. Patter
son, Artillery Corps; First Lieutenant
John D. Yost, assistant surgeon, and
Captain John T. Bradley, Fourteenth
Infantry, recorder. Private John T.
Hanagan. Company C, Signal Corps,
now in the hands of the civil authori
ties, serving a sentence of Imprison
ment, will be discharged without honor
from the army .by the commanding of
ficer at Benicia Barracks. Quarter
master Sergeant Estill G. Roberts,
Twenty-sixth Company. Coast Artil
lery, Fort Flagler, Wash., will be dis
charged from the army under the pro
visions of section 30, act of Congress,
approved February 21, 1901, by the com
manding officer of his station. Private
Thomas Taylor, Company E, Fifteenth
Infantry, now in the hands of the, civil
authorities, serving a sentence of Im
prisonment, will be discharged without
honor from the army by the c—.imand
ing officer at Ord Barracks, Monterey,
Cal. Firot Lieutenant Floyd L. Frisble,
Philippine! Scouts, will' proceed to Jef
ferson Barracks, Missouri, for assign
ment to duty with a detachment of re
cruits to be sent to San Iranclsco.
, Commander. L. C. Hellnock,-U. S. N.,
is ordered to duty as assistant Inspector
of the Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
Portland, _"Or., and to raf'"as Inspector
of said district upon the detachment of
Commander C. G. Calkins, U. S. N.
Dr. ,W. F. Barry has been appointed
pension examining surgeon at Santa
Barbara.
Army orders— Colonel Charles Smart,
assistant surgeon general, is relieved
from duty in the Philippines division
and will proceed to San Francisco and
await orders. Sergeant Ruby D. Gar
rett, signal corps, will be relieved from
duty with the signal cotfps exhibit at
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, St.
Louis, and sent to Vancouver Bar
racks, -Washington, for duty in connec
tion with the installation of a tempor
ary fire patrol system at Puget Sound.
Edward G. Foley has been appointed
Postmaster at Claus, Stanislaus Coun
ty, vice John B. Boughard, resigned,
and Mary R. Grimes has been appoint
ed Postmistress at Lakeview, Riverside
County, vice Allie P. Venable, resigned.
The following changes In the postal
service in Oregon have been made: De
moss Springs^ Peter Nash Jr., vice M.
Henton, resigned; Golden, Columbus
Bennett, vice William Ruble, resigned;
Harlan, Mary J. Hathaway, vice A. L.
Hathaway, resigned.
WASHINGTON. July 1.— Newell C.
Keyes and Chester H. Keyes have been
appointed to fill vacancies in the rural
mail carrier force at Fresno.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn.. July 1.
The Florida delegates to the 'St. Louis
convention passed through • the city
to-day en route .to St. Louis. Governor
Jennings, a cousin of W. J. Bryan, and
who is a delegate, stated that- there is
a- strong Cleveland sentiment forming,
and that should the. ex-Presidenl be
placed m nomination it would.not.sur
prise him to see the Florida delegation
flock to. him. Cleveland se-ntlmant, he
said, was very strong in Florida. <¦•>;
Florida Delegate Says Former Presi
dent Is Strons in His. State. -* -
MAY VOTE FOR CLEVELAND.'
will give way under the changed condi
tions to New York, Pennsylvania,
Maryland, New Jersey and New Eng
land.
is a little talk about what Wil
liam J. Bryan may do, but some strong
assurances are given that he will not
bolt. A topic of discussion also Is what
the convention may do with Bryan. It
is expected that he will have a vigorous
dissent to the platform and possibly to
the candidate, but some Democrats say
that after expressing his dissent it is
not the intention of the leaders to allow
any great latitude to him after his
minority report has been rejected.
Continued From Pa«re 1, Column 1.
FRIENDS OF JUDGE PARKER.
ST. LOUIS, July 1.— Longer In ad
vance than usual the platform ques
tion Is receiving the serious considera
tion of delegates and others interested
In the party's welfare and it is already
evident that there will be a persistent
effort to secure an expression of party
views which will meet the approval of
all factions.
"We must get a pronouncement
which will meet the demands of all
Democrats," said Representative Clay
ton of Alabama, "and I believe it is
going to be a comparatively easy mat
ter to accomplish that result."
Other party leaders on the ground
expressed themselves in like optimistic
manner. But when they entered upon
a comparison of views it became evi
dent that there are differences whic^
will have to be smoothed down before
the desired result can be secured.
Evidently the principal contention
will be over the point as to whether
there shall be a specific declaration
favorable to affirmation of the prin
ciples enunciated In the platforms of
1S96 and 1900. There is to-day some
strenuous contention as po whether
there shall be any reference whatever
to those two declarations, and there
are many shades of views as to how
the subject should be covered.
Delegates who are close to Bryan
want a reaffirmation in terms, but
some of them are content to say that,
while making the reassertion, they con
sider other and newer questions o-f
leading importance and are willing on
that account to give more prominence
to them. Others take the position that
it would be invidious to mention the
Chicago and Kansas City utterances
and urge that it will be sufficient to
reaffirm the principles enunciated by
all previous Democratic conventions
and then pass to the consideration of
newer questjons. A third class would
have all references to recent party
declarations entirely omitted.
Some express the opinion that the
preparation of the platform will be
left almost entirely to Senator Gorman
and Representative Williams, the Dem
ocratic leaders in the two houses of
Congress. It is generally believed that
the character of the platform will have
a marked Influence upon the Presiden
tial nomination, and as only a majority
vote is required for its adoption its
exact wording will be awaited with*
much interest.
John B. Walker of New York is
urging the adoption of a financial
plank declaring for currency so ad
justed as to meet all business require
ments.
ENJOYING THEIR TRIP.
California Delegates to St. Louis Will
Reach There To-Day.
BY Ali McCABE.
KANSAS CITY, July 1.— The Callfor
nia'delegates to the Democratic Nation
al Convention are still industriously
engaged in promoting the candidacy of
.their chosen candidate for President.
The members of the delegation never
lose an opportunity to give vent to
their now well-known convention yell,
and are pinning Hearst buttons on all
unsuspecting citizens along the road.
At Colorado Springs, Pueblo and other.
Colorado points considerable crowds
were assembled and shouts for Hearst,
California and Colorado were loud and
long. At Dodge City, Kans., an hour
passed so quickly that the delegates are
sore about it yet. In fact, they did not
know a thing about It until the porter
told them this morning to, set their
watches an hour ahead. This Is the
second hour since the trip commenced
in which no opportunity was afforded
to shout for Hearst.
At Topeka, Kans., a number of the
unterrified had gathered and joined in
shouts for Hearst. Rather an amusing
Secretary Morton knows absolutely
nothing of naval administration. Ex
perience has shown that this absence
of knowledge is an aid rather than a
detriment to a new Secretary-. The busi
ness knowledge which most successful
Secretaries have brought to the Navy
Department is possessed by Morton in
a large degree. It has advanced him
to a prominent position in the railway
business and it is expected will make
his administration a highly successful
one.
The outgoing of Moody was marked
by a general regret on the part of the
department officials, who realize his
strength and the beneficial features of
the naval policy during his administra
tion.
WASHINGTON, July 1.— At the Cabi
net meeting to-day William H. Moody
moved up to the chair formerly occu
pied by Attorney General Knox, and
Paul Morton of Illinois took the seat
Moody has for the last two years occu
pied as Secretary of the Navy.
To-day General (now Senator) Knox,
although no longer a Cabinet Minister,
was in attendance. Former Repre
sentative Victor H. Metcalf of Califor
nia did not arrive in time to attend the
Cabinet n.eeting. He took the oath of
office as Secretary of Commerce and
Labor at the' -White House at 4:30
o'clock. He succeeds George B. Cortel
you in that position. The Cabinet
meeting was the las.t of the season.
President Roosevelt had a long talk
with his advisers on general topics, and
especially the political situation. He
leaves for Oyster Bay to-morrow morn
ing, to remain there until July 28.
Moody took the oath of office as At
torney General at 9 o'clock. When E.
P. Hanna, solicitor of the Navy De
partment, addressed the oath of office
to Morton at 9:50 o'clock General
Moody turned to his successor and
said: "I sincerely congratulate you,
Mr. Secretary, upon your advent into
this office. You will come into daily
contact with some of the finest sailors
in the world."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
V;; TRINIDAD, Cold., -July 1.— T. 1>.
'Jlitch'eji. superintendent of the
;'<±EcOjaind. La Belle coal mines, owned
• ;Rocky Mountain Fuel Com
¦.par.y; at \JcrryVille. three and a half
'inLfes .'ivest of Trinidad', was beaten on
'..ifcejljea'd and cut with a. knife by two
; inen : af- Jerry ville. His unconscious
••.jorm: -was "placed on the electric rail-
: .Tc.ad- anfl he' would '• have been killed
'isy-'aa incoming car had he not regain
i-ea.-p.bnsciousn^ss.and crawled from the
' -track before the car- arrived: He says
'.ii.e; would be- able to recognize his as
: eailarits should they be captured.
«^p A-^auIt hy Two Thugs.
Minr-SiVp^rinfendent Victim- of Sav-
LEFT TO DIE ON TRACK.
«Jury Find* Miner .Not Guilty of the
• • Crime of Arson..
. } '<rENTRAl/CITT, Colo.. July 1. — J.
.JV. Chandler, former financial secre
tary of the Idaho Springs Miners'
•yr.j'on'. ; a "branch of' the Western Fed
rra-tion of Miner?, was to-day acquitted
r"y"a jury of the charge of arson and
rjr-.HliciouB. mischief, in connection with
the dy.namiting of- the transformer
jio'pse.-at Ttbe Sun : and. Moon mine In
.Ju!y.\ 1903. • His trial began, on June
', "'-..;. F-ive other men are awaiting trial
'iSn lithe same .charge. At a previous
trial .-on a charge of conspiracy in con-
T.£'ctLar\ with, the Sun, and" Moon ex
•jifjislbni" Chandler.. and -^ number of
*}t her •' members of the Idaho Springs
jirnion were acquitted.- . • .
CHANDLER IS ACQUITTED.
London was the birthplace of George
Frederick Watts. He was born in the
English metropolis February 23, IS 17,
and most of his days were spent in
the foggy city. He became known as
an artist of considerable skill even in
his young days, but it was not until
1S37, when he was 20 years of age,
that his . pictures were exhibited in
the Royal Academy. From that year
his fame steadily increased until with
in a few years he was known as the
foremost artist of England, if not of
the world. His portrait work won
him the highest honors, though his
allegorical pictures added not a little
to his reputation as a master of art.
Through his long life Watts was
more or less of a philanthropist. Hun
dreds of his paintings adorn the walls
of public buildings in England and a
great many of these were the gift of
the painter. The Academy Commis
sioners thought so much of his work
that • they bought a number of his
portraits and cartoons. Watts was
idolized by the English people and he
numbered among his friends the
greatest people of Europe. In 1897,
when he was -SO years of age, he was
tendered a banquet, at which he was
presented with a congratulatory ad
dress signed by hundreds of the fore
most men of the world.
In IS 80 the honorary degree of
D. C. L. was conferred upon Watts by
Oxford University and in 18 S3 the
University of Cambridge conferred
upon him the degree of LL. D. In
1885 Gladstone was empowered to
confer a baronetcy upon the painter,
but this honor was declined. Watts
was a member of a number of foreign
academies and wore the Cross of the
Legion of Honor.
LONDON. July 1. — George Fred
erick Watts, the painter, died of
bronchitis to-day.
• 'DENVER, July 1. — Justice Robert
!W. Steele of the Colorado State Su
j-reme Court to-day filed his opinion
•dissenting from the' decision of the
'¦ majority of the court in refusing a
«*rlt of habeas corpus to Charles H.
Mover, president of the' Western Fed
eration-of'Miners, when he was held
as a military prisoner at Telluride by
; cr.der of Governor Peabody. The.opin-
Jon. containing nearly- 10,000 words,
t earls exhaustively with the situation
cVcated in this State by military rules
tnd- cites a mass of authorities to show
:that only the Legislature can suspend
the writ of habeas corpus. Justice
Eteele says ir: part:
• No person who hat the slightest claim to
: r >! ; t'ectabillty thould hesitate to approve the
•'•ft-.on of th« <Jovernor ia enforcing the law
«ad I am wflllac to uphold him an<! to ap
y ,su(! him bo long: as he k*>eps within the lines
<C the const .tution. But 1 an not wllline to
Vli^cld him when. In my opinion, he breaks
•ecun the barriers erected by the people for
. tf-exr prelection. r_?r am I willing to accord
..to the constitution elastic properties for the
j-u-rppse cf sustaining him. nor to join In the
establishment of a precedent which will not
.6: r'y to other claxtet cr other condition*
. **fcen enother Governor undertakes to exercise
t!"f -raTne arbitrary power.
ENGINE OF OPPRESSION.
¦1 am net wl'.jinr to concede the power
C'ain-.ed by the Governor and exercised by him.
IrcBuse. lr ray opinion, such power Is net
•• 'vested in him by the. 'constitution. The peo
.{T-le- could never have intended to erect such
t-r. linriwf of oppression."
.'; .It folJcws. of course, that if the .present
.executive is the «cle Judte of the conditions
*>Mch can call into action the military power
x:" lae Jjuverninent and can exercise a!l means
; rcfffBary to effectually abate ihe condition*.
. tnd.'ths Judicial •derartment cannot Inquire
J-.to. th« locality ". nf fcls acts, the next
¦C->vemor rr.ay. 'by his 'ukas^e. exercise the
• c ua« arbitrary pewr. 1/ the military au
¦;'th.;.:::ty; rr.ay de-port the miner* this year it
,.ca.— -<1e7""Vt the farmf ri= next- year.
'• If a-Vtrifce. which is not a rebellion, must be
\ .»o. .ir?»rded because the 'Governor says It Is.
t*en a condition -must be rrparded as a re
-•!¦< !i»v. whvh t!ie Governor declares to be
".#peb. anO if ary cor.dificn rauFt be rrparded
ft;- ..'». rebel lior. because the Governor says so.
¦Kfaen ar.y. comity in the State may be declared
;.»o - bf whether rebellion exist? .or
.r-it. an.d mttrf oitiren F-jt>iect«»d to arbitrary
f.vres* *nd detention at will and pleasure
'.ff the Pcad rf the expciHive department. We
" xr.av dm. with each succeeding change in the
'executive branch of. the' Government, have
r!aVs arrayed a"pa!r.f-t viafs and Interest asainst
•Interest:' and we rshall depend for our liberty
-r'ft'upcR _thfc conFtltution.- but upon the tfiac
JB7>4 fav»r of the Governor and his military
tubcrdlna'cs. " .
ILLOGICAL AND FALSE.
' Jn <in other c^se prcschtea to this court have
•fgttuiplea ?o important and far-rraching been
ifivoJvfed.* It was-' elaborately acd a-biy arrued
f-nii the position" of counsel was clearly defined:
;vet.%he court has eva.ded. ;the fundamental
• "i-ret^r.fd and has based its decision
jupoh th-orics lsnsr %e'r> ¦ determined -by jurists
' bv a . statesmen to tw.illop.ica! ar.d false. • • •
*• . it Is «"> clear that the Jiower to suspend
.the~r»ivS»Ee cf the -writ, of habeas corpus is
KVft lo^;ed."A t?ie exocuttve* branch of the'Gov
«lV>ymt that -It r^eems like a waste of time to
*«U«CI1M the qurstiotv .If there is any on«
'.uestfen pos!t«ve:j' and finally settled it is that
the T"»wer t<5 suspond fh<»' privilege cf the writ
. cf.h? 6c as 'corpus is «ol«ly a legislative power.
The committee on arrangements" for
*he convention will hold a meeting to
morrow, but It is not expected that it
will make any recommendation with
regard to convention officers.
The national committee will also taka
up and dispose of the contests on the
part of the rival delegates. The most
prominent of these is the Illinois case.
and Delegate Hopkins, who -holds cre
dentials as delegate at large; .has been
in the city all day busily occupied in
presenting his claims. .- *•-'¦" ¦ .-
ST. LOUIS. July 1.— Former Senator
James K. Jones, chairman of the Dem
ocratic National Committee, arrfvetf la
the city to-day and took apartments
at the Jefferson Hotel. He said that no
definite arrangements for the organiza
tion of the .convention had. yet Been
made, and predicted that none would
be made until the meeting of the full,
national committee, which will tak»
place next Monday. However, he advo
cates the selection of John Sharp Wil
liams of Mississippi, leader of * the
minority in the House, for the position
of temporary chairman, and Jthera la
now little or no doubt that the selec
tion will fall upon Williams,.
The permanent chairmanship 'will
probably go to some Northern delegate,
and Thomas E. Barkworth of Michigan
and Patrick A. Collins are mentioned
in that connection. - " --"IT
This was followed up to-day with
the announcement that Senator Gor
man and others who have been unable
to hitch up with either of the extreme
elements of the party will go ' to the
convention city next week prepared to
support Folk.
Indirectly Folk's candidacy has be
come entangled with the Illinois con
test and it is understood that in the
event of- the Harrison delegation win
ning out the. Mayor's influence will go
to Folk. An effort is being made to
arrange a similar compact with the
Hearst leaders, the difference being
that after their favorite they are to
fall in line for the Missouri boom.
CHICAGO, July 1.— Word was re
ceived from the East to-day which
launched in Illinois the boom of Joeaph
W. Folk of Missouri for the Demo
cratic Presidential nomination. Dur
ing the last few days representative*
of prominent Eastern party interests
have been in conference with the lead
ers of both of the Illinois factions with
a view of sounding them on the can
didacy of the St. Louis attorney.
Says They Evaded 3Iain
Questions and Based Their
Opinion on False Theories
Secretaries Metcalf and Mor
ton Are Sworn In and
Moody Takes Knox's Chair
National Committee Will
Meet on Monday to Hear
Contests.
¦
His Candidacy Becomes En
tangled With the Illi
nois Contest.
SCORES FELLOW JURISTS
OATHS OF OFFICE TAKEN
Judge Steele of Colorado
Dissents From Decision
Rendered in Miners' Case
Gathering Is Marked by Re
tirement of Old and In
coming of New Officers
Plans .for the Organization
of the Convention Are •
Xot Complete. :
Boom Is Launched for
Folk of Missouri for the
Presidency.
WOULD ISSUE
WRIT TO MOYER
CABINET HOLDS
LAST MEETING
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS MEET
AND PREPARE FOR BATTLE
Effort to Be Made to Have
It Meet Views of All
Factions.
Platform Is Receiving the
Serious Consideration of
the Delegates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY. 2, 1904.
At Age of Eighty-Seven George Frederick Watts,
English Painter, Lays Aside Brush That for
More Than Sixty Years Has Won Him Honors
DEATH DEPRIVES WORLD
OF ART OF GREAT MASTER
3
COOKBOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE AUGUST
30, 1904.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on August
,30, 1004, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
toll, to place their order im-
mediately.
This Bplendld premium will
be offered to" Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of 50
cents per copy. Ou^ of town
orders 25 cents additional to
cover prepayment of transporta-
tion charges.
A SCIENTIFIC TOASTER,
The' latest and most improved
article on the market for toast-
ing bread, broiling oysters,
clams or steaks. ,
Can be used on gas, coal or oil
stoves.
GIFTS GIVEN TO-DAY.
WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIi
RECEIVE FREE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special To High!
Lace CurtainsWASHINGTON, July 1.— President Roose
velt to-day directed the appointment of Colonel
Theodore A. Blngham as a brigadier general.
The appointment is to take effect July 6, when
General Blneham will retire.
The regular Sunday "excursion to Monterey
and Santa Cruz, leaving: Third and Townaend
street depot at 7:15 a. rn.. will also run ou
Monday, July 4, leaving at the same hour. Ke
turna to San Francisco 10:30 a. to. •
Excursion to Monterey and . Ganta
Cruz.
J. T. Donahue, cashier of the Board
of Works, yesterday submitted his
financial report for June, showing the
receipts to have .been $1S,891 42.
There were 921 permits issued of all
descriptions, | and the disbursements
aggregated U0,772 ; 43. Street space
permits produced $5350" and side
sewer, deposits . amounted to $ 6 9 8 0. .--
Receipts' of Board of Works.
Fllnn and Treacy. filed a petition,
yesterday with the Board of Super
visors appealing from the assessment
made by the Board of Works for the
construction of a sewer in South Park.
The ground of appeal is that the cost
of the work has not been equitably
apportioned among the owners liable
therefor.
Appeal- From Assessment.
Injured In Children's Playground.
Michael Versey, 12 years old, and
living at 17 Vandewater street, yester
day afternoon received a deep lacerat
ed wound on the lower lip and lost two
teeth .while playing in the Children's
Playground at Eighth and Harrison
streets. He was amusing himself by
swinging on one of the horizontal bars
when another suddenly released a
swing, which hit young Versey in the
face. He waa treated at the Emer
gency Hospital by Chief Surgeon John
I. Stephen. The sufferer stood the
ordeal manfully, not once wincing
when the needle was forced through
the flesh.
The amount of money received for
licenses during June was $30,785 50.
This shows an increase of $2284 50
over the corresponding month of last
year. There is on deposit with the
license office the sum of $2237. This
amount has been paid in by different
theaters and as permits have* not as
yet been granted by the Board of Pub
lic Works no licenses could be issued.
The receipts for the fiscal year from
July, 1903, to July. 1904, were $477,
722 25. as against $475,961 50 for the
preceding fiscal 'year. The increase is
mostly" in lodging and apartment
house licenses.
Receipt* for Licenses.
nations.
To accommodate the increased travel, the
Southern Pacific will, on Monday, July 4, run
a special train leaving Pacific Grove <$:10 p. m.
and arriving San Francisco 10:30 p. m., stop
ping at intermediate etatlons.
Train No 509, leaving Santa Cruz Mondays
only at 5:05 a. m., will also leave Tuesday
morning at tame hour, arriving San Fran
cisco 8:55 a. m.. ttopping at principal way
Special Train Service.
Mrs. Carrie Scott McKeen, widow of
the late W. A. McKeen, who was for
many years prominently connected
with the Southern Pacific Company,
passed away peacefully at her home in
Oakland on Thursday. She leaves two
sons, Arthur H. and Herman S.. and
one daughter, Ella B. McKeen. Her
beautiful character and kindness of
heart endeared her to all with whom
she was brought into contact and the
news of her death in the midst of her
good works will bring tears to many
eyes.
Carrie Scott McKeen Dies.
John A. McKlnnon. who has been
assisting T. M. Jones of Fresno in. ih<r
construction of a bamboo flying ma
chine at 2142 Folsom. street, yesterday
became suddenly "insane and. Is noW
safely strapped to' a cot bed in- the
Detention Hospital at; the City Hall.
'McKlnnon tried to end his- life by In
haling Illuminating gas. .but was dis
covered by his partner. He imagine*
a hoodoo has seized all hia Tabor 'oh
the ship and prevents Its completion.
Insane Over Flying. Machine-.
Ryan leaves a wife, a daughter, Mrs.
Alfred Collier, and two sisters, Mrs.
Oliver P. Evans and Mrs. Charles A.
Werden. His widow left St. Louis to
night, bringing his remains to San
Francisco, where the funeral will take
place.
Joseph ~R. Ryan was for a number
of years superintendent of the Con.
Virginia and California, Hale & Nor
cross and Ophir mines of Virginia
City, Nev., and was recently elected
superintendent also of the Mexican
and the Andes. In addition to these re
sponsibilities he was manager of the
great pumping plant on the Comstock.
Ryan was born in Roxbury, Mass.,
August 23, 1848. He came with his
mother to California in 1852 to join
his father, the Hon. James Talbot
Ryan, who preceded them hither in
1850. He was educated at Santa Clara
College, where he distinguished him
self by his histrionic ability. : For
about thirty-five years he had been
identified with mining interests in Vir
ginia City; at one time he was assayer
for the bonanza mines and was Presi
dent Cleveland's first appointee on this
coast as coiner of the Carson Mint.
Ryan left Virginia City with his wife
on June 22 to attend the Democratic
National Convention, to which he waa
a delegate, being also the . national
committeeman from Nevada. He was
chairman of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee for many ye,ars, and
when urged by the press of Nevada to
be a candidate for the United States
Senate it was said: "To him more than
any other man in Nevada is due the
fact that the State is Democratic to
day and that It is represented by a
Democratic instead of two Repub
licans, as has been the case ever since
it was admitted Into the Union a third
of a century ago."
When a mere lad he saved two other
boys from drowning in Humboldt
Bay, one of whom was George A.
Knight. It was a coincidence that
both Knight and Ryan were national
corrimitteemen of the great parties this
year.
Captain Gleeson, Corporals Rains
bury, McGee, Morrissey and Lake and
the twenty-five new patrolmen were
sworn in by Chief Wittman yesterday
morning. He addressed the new men
in regard to their duties, reminding
them that they must never forget that
they are the .servants of the people
and to condlct themselves; as gentle
men. He also reminded them that the
revolver they, carried was not for of
fensive but for defensive purposes. One
of the- new men.- L. Fox, a few hours
after being .. pworn in ... tendered his
resignation to the chief,' saying he had
received word that he had fallen heir
to an estate in Michigan.
The new captain was the recipient
of hearty congratulations from his
brother officers and numerous friends
yesterday and it was predicted that his
administration would prove his ability
and intelligence as a leader of men.
Patrolman F. de. Grancourt is transferred
frcm Company B and District No. 2, and Pa
trolmen Thomas F. Slattery and J. W. Stand
ley are transferred from Company D and
District No. 4 to Company C and District No.
3. and will report to Captain Burnett for or
der*. Patrolman Frank M. Mahoney, James
R. Welch. Arthur A. Sprlngett and Philip
Reilly are transferred from Company E and
District 5 to Company A and District No. 1,
and will report to Captain Duke for orders.
The following named newly appointed pa
trolmen are assigned as follows for duty: J.
P. McMahon. W. P. Monohan. H. E. Nolan
and G. A. Sullivan to Company B; F. A.
Smith, F. O'Neill, J. T. Rudden, T. Furman.
T. R. Egan and C. F. Ewlng to Company D:
T. Kelly. L. Cornelius, E. F. Parquet. P. M.
McGee, F. W. Kerrigan. C. J. Sheble, W.
Murphy and J. W. Wright to Company E; L.
Fox. E. J. Wlskotchill. J. H. Fairweather, A.
H. Johnson, W. I. Burns. V. B. Lewis and
W. S. Nell to Company F.
Patrolman William R. Proll is relieved from
duty in tbe Bureau of Identification of Crimi
nals and will report to Captain Duke for regu
lar duty. Patrolman J. W. Boyle will report
to Captain Martin for duty as stenographer in
the Bureau of Identification.
Corporal John Ralnsbury Is assigned to take
charge of tbe day patrol in Golden Gate Park,
vice Sergeant Helms. Corporal John M.
Morrissey is assigned as patrol sergeant In
section - of district 5, vice Campbell. Patrol
n.an E. J. McNamara is assigned to station
duty at the Central police station, vice Mc-
Gee, promoted. Patrolman John G. Attridge
is assigned to duty in the corridors of the City
Hall, vice Rainsbury, promoted. Patrolman
O. H. Knight Is assigned to station duty at
the Harbor police station, vice Lake, pro
moted.
Chief Wittman has announced the
formation of a new police district to be
designated and known as police dis
trict No. 6, consisting of that section
of the city bounded on the east by
Stelner street, on the north by Broad
way and the Presidio Reservation, on
the south by Thirteenth street, Buena
Vista avenue and Seventeenth street,
thence by a line southwesterly to the
intersection of Ocean avenue and Cor
bett avenue, thence by Ocean avenue,
and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.
A new company of police Is also form
ed for the district to be designated and
known as Company F, under the com
mand of Captain Henry dleeson with
headquarters at the Golden Gate. Park
police station- at 506 Stanyan street and
embracing that station and the O'Far
rell street station. Sergeants J. H.
Helms and S. Campbell are assigned as
acting lieutenants of the new company,
and Sergeants H. N, O'Day and Mar
cus Anderson and Corporals George W.
Lake and P. H. McGee as patrol ser
geants.
The following changes, transfers and
assignments have also been made:
ST. LOUIS, July 1. — Joseph Ryan,
national committeeman from Nevada
and head of the Nevada delegation to
the Democratic National Convention,
died to-day at the Jefferson Hotel of
pneumonia.
Ryan and his wife came to St. Louis
direct from their home at Virginia
City, Nev., . Monday. It was their in
tention to spend several days viewing
the fair before the opening of the con
vention. Ryan, however, contracted a
cold en route and when he reached St.
Louis was quite ill. He never left his
rooms at the hotel. His physicians
pronounced his case pneumonia, but a
a serious result was not anticipated.
During the night, however, Ryan
grew much worse and it became evi
dent that he could not recover. Mrs.
Ryan remained by his bedside all
night. With her was Mrs. William E.
Sharon, wife of a member of the Ne
vada delegation.
Mine Superintendent J. R.
Ryan Succumbs to
Pneumonia.
Golden Gate Park Station
Will Be His Head
quarters Now.
POPULAR OFFICER WHO WILL
HAVE CHARGE OF THE NEWLY
CREATED POLICE DISTRICT.
JOSEPH R. RYAN. A PROMINENT
NEVADA MINING MAN, WHO
DIED AT ST. LOUIS.
There has, been tampering with the
records of the late firm of Eppinger &
j Co. 'Just who did the tampering has
! not developed as yet, nor has the time
of the act been settled. In addition to
other methods of doing business the
firm had a system of "loose leaf" rec
ords. They were so loose that the .rec
! ords for ninety options for lots in ware
houses are among the missing. They
are important documents, according to
the bearing they have on the case at
bar, and there is to be considerable
probing to find out just how nearly
Criminal the loose system was. W. W.
: Topping, the former bookkeeper of the
firm, says the book was locked and the
records safe, but in some mysterious
or loose manner the documents escaped
from between the covers, although he
had the key. This occurred just before
or after the failure. Topping could not
remember many things. He did remem
ber that the loose system should show
ninety more options than it did, but he
could not say what became of them.
At the opening of the morning ses
sion Topping returned to the stand and
identified a book offered in evidence
showing the receipts of grain during
the year 1902-3. j
"Can the leaves be readily removed
from this book?" asKed Attorney
Campbell.
"Yes."
"The book contains a record of but
fifty-eight option lots; yesterday you j
said there were 148, wny does not the
memoranda of the other ninety lots ap
pear in that book?"
"The only explanation I can offer is
that they were not hyppthecated."
"Is it not a fact that there were other
entries in this book, up to June 1,
1903?"
"I don't remember."
ENTRIES ARE MISSIXG.
"Will you say that it did not con
tain a list of all the lots in the Pacific j
Coast Warehouse with the names of
the people to whom the grain was de
livered or hypothecated?"
"I don't remember."
"Can, you tell that ninety entries are
missing?" . . . .'
"That is a fact."
Attorney Campbell then closed the
book and asked the witness. if it were
locked, to which Topping replied in the
affirmative. .The key to the book, he
said, was usually kept in his drawer.
He did not know just who might have
access to it during his absence, as the
drawer was never locked, but no one
save himself had any particular occa
sion to use the drawer.
Most of the afternoon session was oc
cupied in an argument as to the ad
missibility of the cargo invoice book,
which shows the amount of grain ship-'
ped away durina the year. The de
fense claimed that a question had been
raised as to the right of the court to
retain possession of any of the books
and until it was decided nothing should
be read from them. The objection was
overruled, however. The book was ad
mitted in evidence and Topping pro
ceeded to read such entries as he had
made in It. These showed shipments
of about 50,000 tons of grain to differ
ent ports during the last year the firm
was in business. Entries made by
others have not yet been read.
During the day there was an inter
esting controversy regarding the cus- i
tody of the books. In the argument At- I
torney Campbell said that, although I
the books were physically in the posses
sion of the court, they were construct
ively in the possession of the trustee in j
bankruptcy, as they were open to the
inspection of any one who cared to see
them.
: WOULD KEEP BOOKS.
Attorney Friedenrich, representing
Trustee Wadsworth, said that the
books had been procured from a clerk
employed by Wadsworth without his j
consent when they were in actual pos- I
session of the Federal court and could !
not lawfully be removed without its
consent. The trustee, he said, never
consented to allow the books to leave
his possession and never would con
sent. Judge Lawlor reserved his de
cision and the matter will be further
argued Tuesday afternoon. In the
meantime the contents of the books
are being read before the Jury.
Another phase of the-case came up
in the Federal court when Attor
ney Henry Ach appeared yesterday |
morning before United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven and pre
sented a petition signed by Ja
cob Eppinger. The petition asked
that Attorney J. C. Campbell and Po- ]
lice Detective Thomas B. Gibson be!
adjudged guilty of contempt of court'
and punished for having, without per
mission of the court or of Henry Wads
worth; the trustee of the bankrupt Ep
pinger estate, taken away one storage
book, one pass book, one letter book
and certain canceled checks and other
papers. The petition accuses Campbell
and Gibson of having "conspired and
co.lluded together" for the purpose of
taking the books and papers.
Judge de Haven denied the motion.
He said that the trustee was the proper
person to make such a motion, the doc
uments-being in his custody. Mr. Ach
took an exception to the ruling of the
court.
Judge de Haven Denies Ach's
Motion to Punish Camp
bell for Taking Books
MATTER WILL BE
PROBED BY COURT
Loose Leaf System Lacks
Records of Ninety Options
Abstracted About Time
That the Firm Failed
Activity at Dredge, on the Sacra
mento River, near Folsom, Is reported
by the Folsom Telegraph, which says
in substance:
There is much activity at the Folsom Devel
opment Company's work* at Dredge. In the
mai-hine shops the machinery for Dredge No. 3
is being turned out as rapidly as possible.
Several pieces of new machinery have re
cently been Installed and a few more compe
tent mechanic* have been employed. W. H.
Watts ha* a large force of men at work con
tracting the hull of Dredge No. 3. The new
dredfje will be if larger capacity than any now
op#rat»;d by the company and will have many
improvements over the others. It is the inten
tion to make each dredge a little better than
the last one. and thus it la expected that
dredge mining may be revolutionized.
The Cottonwood Advocate, published
at Cottonwood, Shasta County, pre
dicts that good dredging ground wiil
be discovered along the Cottonwood
Creek:
The. smaller gulches leading into the creek
and Its branches have been placer mined in
early days and the creek itself would pay to
work by the sluicing process If there 'wrre
sufficient fall ¦ Parties report who have fror
pected the creek within half a mile of . Cot-
AMONG THE DREDGERS.
All the old companies continue on new work
vigorously and Ere increasing their production
accordingly. Nevertheless, the fear of over
production in this Held is very remote. Tn«
quality of the product assures a permanent
market at a fair figure. With three large buy
ers in the field, competition is sufficiently acute
to maintain prices, and there is very small
probability of the price going very much If any
below that now paid. viz.. 83 cents at the wel
and oil men are perfectly willing to drill for oil
here at this price, notwithstanding that in no
field In the State is drilling so expensive as
here. The average cost of a well Is between
$15.C0O and $20,000. And yet the scramble to
"get in" Is lively.
Among the leases recently made is one by
S A Johnson of Bakemfleld. who has secured
230 acres in the southern limit of the Barca
ranch. This adjoins the Puerisslma. ranch,
which is held by the Union Oil Company, and
on which three of the best wells In that sec
tion of the field are located. This is about
six miles north 6f Lompoc. Mr. Johnson has
Interested Los Angeles and San Francisco capi
tal with him and drilling will commence in
ninety days.
The Inyo Independent reports that
Inyo County is making a large stir in
mining. Morris Jacoby has acquired a
group of mines In the Beveredge dis
trict, including the Keynote. Reports
from Cactus Flat are good. A new
vein Is reported to have been discov
ered assaying ?200 a ton. Ore of good
grade Is reported to have been found in
several mines. The force of men on the
Forgot mine will be doubled this month.
F. M. Smith, F. C. Havens, F. H.
Rice, W. H. Brock and W. P. John
son have incorporated the ?.United
States Borax Company of West Vir
ginia in San Bernardino County. The
persons back of the company have re
cently had large tracts of land sur
veyed In Death Valley and have se
cured some new locations to add to
previously large holdings. The Ameri
can Borax Company has a greater out
put of borax than any other company
in the world.
The Los Angeles Herald says of the
operations of oil miners in the Santa
Maria field:
Tonopah Is to have a railway In op
eration to its mines. It Is announced
that the line will open for business this
month. The effect will be undoubtedly
to benefit Tonopah and Goldfleld. and
also Nevada at large. The superintend
ent of the road makes the following
statements to a correspondent at Reno:
We will put on at first one passenger a, day
in each direction, and enough freight trains to
handle all the ore that will b* offered us
for shipment. The latter Is the biggest prop
osition and although some of the Tonopah
mine owners are afraid that we cannot handle
all the ore offered us for transportation I
know that it will be promptly transported
provided that the connecting lines can tane
care of It as fast as we do. .
Under the new freight rates Mr. Trlpp says
that $40 ore can be transported to the smelters
at Salt Lake at a big profit. We will cut
tho cost of teaming ore fully two-thirds, ami
this will add a stimulus to mining that w.n
be wonderful. Many of the largest m n«s In
Tcnopah are delaying development until they
fir; secure railroad transportation.
RAILWAY TO TOXOPAH.
Some facts about the. mines of Tuol
umne County are supplied by the
Mother Lode Banner as follows:
Horatio Smith has sold to Mary E. Crock*r
the Rush Creek mine, situated In Santa Maria
district, together with tools, arastra and Im
provements. The shafts at the CryetalUne
have been connected. For a. distance or — o
feet explorations were made and the ore _so
uncovered proved of considerable value. Tne
mill is kept busy. Report has it that tne
Clio mine, which has been Idle several months^
has been bonded by a company and 1* to be
operated by George Stayton. rs^^^.n
J..1* Mendonca has given to E. M. Crandall
and J. J. Morris a bond on the Calico mine,
situated near Stcnt. payable in twelve months
This is the same mine operated at one time
by Arendt Bros. By another deed Crandall
and Morria transfer this agreement to the
New Calico Mining and Milling Company.
J. S. Kuns of Los Angeles has acquire* the
one-third interest of O. H. Lehmer In the
Phillips group of mines, situated next to he
Mohican on the Tuolumne River. Mr. Kuns
has now paid off all the back debts < of the
ccmoanv and has put a crew of men at worn
to SeS ? tht mill. Josiah PhlUlp. retains
a one-third Interest in the P r °P erUe i t , an . r o U l *
charge of the work as foreman. The group
consists of the Phillips. Antloch, Los Angeles.
Halfbreed and George mines.
If the Randsburg Miner Is not mis
taken a rich strike of gold has been
made In .the Funeral range of moun
tains. Th«i Miner tells the following
glittering story:
Sensational stories " of a wonderful strike
o£ free milling gold ore In the Funeral range
of mountains reached us this week, with quartz
shown which will run $85 per pound. Many
prospectors have gone into the district and
more detailed reports may b« expected soon.
The Funeral Mountains are in Inyo County.
California. Just south of the Nevada line, at
the head of Death Valley, and about eighty
miles due south of Goldfleld. The first dis
covery there Is said to have been bonded on
behalf of Captain J. R. de Umar for the
sum of $X0O.00O, and although only a few;
shallow holes have been sunk they are said
to have exposed ore to th« above value.
Harold- Hensch..l9 years of age, ran
away from a comfortable home in Log
Angeles to make his own way in the
world, and his. progress was "«o slow
that on Thursday' evening a policeman
arresteij him for soliciting alms on Du
pont street. Judge" Mogan advised "the
youthful eeeker. of fortune to gulp his
Judge Conlan dismissed tbe charge of
robbery against Eugene' Podesto after
it had been stated by Attorney Arthur
-Mack end Policeman Skaln that the
complaining witness, Salvatore Tam
parella.- had offered to stay away from
court If he were given $10. He com
plained of having been robbed of $95 by
Podesto, but .his case, was a very weak
one. r " r '•:'¦,¦ - f ." : - :
:- Tfiree: ballots were taken by the jury.
-.first "showed nine for acquittal and
¦VhVee-.fb'r -conviction; the second, seven
for . arquittai and. five. for conviction,
-q-nd. the third, which was taken after
.the boojis. and checks of. the firm had
i>een -examined, showed nine for con
viction- and three for acquittal, the mi
.no.rity declaring that they would stay
•there until. Hades- becomes a summer
* resort "ere their ivote .could be changed.
•When Xh*" Jury 'first returned for fur
ther .instructions', after an hour's seclu
sion, the foreman." H.'G. Haydenfeldt.
-.Informed the" courit • that there was
small. probability of an agreement be
ing reached, as some of the Jurors were
•very stubborn men. • ,-.v ~ : ¦ ' ... ¦¦".
! "¦ Aft er-.:fdar hours' deliberation .the
¦jitry-th tbe case of- "E. : S. Sproat,
vfrfca^red'-^ith defrauding' creditors, re
.ported-inability .tq;reach an agreement
and •¦: was. "discharged by Judge. Frita,
/•who' then placed- the case' on the calen
; dar -for July 12/ wHen it will be' set for
"4 -o'clock a.- itu when
'the- jurors were released," arid as a re
,'s'ult. of his- nocturnal 'fexperience the
¦vJuSge 4i.d. hot hold his- usual- morning
session- yesterday." "'"
* . • • 4
. .' J^ud^e-Oo-nlan .h'e,ld Wiliiami A. Dar.-
RhvTto 7 ' answer, for.'-attempting to mur
d.er.-AoBte -I>argin. Jast. January by
flashing her with . a knife. ' .Bail was
;f.xe'd %i . $3000. .-The .woman's injuries
; prevented 1 her" .'appearance in court un
t;H. : .yes.tefdaiv- ; * ['. ¦} ¦. . .'
'/Joseph H.'SmiOi" and Arthur. %»'.il
iiiams... .negroes, "-charged with the mur
¦deir An.thbhy.rC-. Vjallagher, a union
.rtabl^m.a-n.-1'a-st Saturday at Bush and
: -P.p.!k-str;eets.'\vere ' instructed as to their
fights'- k£; Judge "Fritz " and their \ ar
rargcm'en-t. was.."set for' next - Tuesday.
Ayiien-: his.-; name '.was called by the
X>nK,- Sri)kh shouted "Here."' in a voice
t'hattvra's'cleari>r- heard 'in tbe corridor,
¦f[J}d: .Williams"* response" was a scarcely
alia-ibitt'iw'hisperi-' • ; :
~;;."As -ri^itri^j- ¦ of - <he charges were
phoyen "against Simpson, .Judge Mogan
:d(£m.isstd.hirn- a'hd .continued the case
-t/f../ Barker .till next Thursday.
;' }.Mifs de - Wolfe's lips, were pursed
'./as; she coldly told Judge Mogan of how
•'tier " beauty .slumber was disturbed, by
•the - When she admitted
iChjem. .in response -to their loud and in
• riEfent .hamfnerihg upon her door, they
eaid -tlfcey were''la.w officers of same
"kincl-^she- did ' not remember exactly
'•Sth'a't ktn<J it -was— and demanded to be
thrown ..her license. . She told them...she
did cof- have. one. and then they said
Phej could aV.err. arrest by paying them
510. "Tq tHis she demurred, and with
Jiis clencfr-ed fist Mr. Barker struck her
<jft : the'.boiri-t of "the chin, evidently in
•teind'ing tp knock her out! Lack of
.jjiuscle thwarted his purpose, however,
for .she-remained on h.er feet and eject
¦Cd' .both Intruders. In the scramble
:JvItv Barker's ha.t .fell off and was left
'in :the roam and before" returning to
;her-.. -couch she -chucked the headgear
r.ut /-of .jan ©pen. window. Soon after-
Avard Jthei. two .-irnen . returned -with a
.pqlice officer and accused her of steal
lrf^.'-th'e.''bat,' -but when the policeman
h'eard.iher story" he arrested them in-
JFt*ad\ ¦"': : : .*---: ; . . ..
:The ladies pecup'j'. adjacent apart
ments '.. " in a. Fourth-street lodging
lic-use."f.'MIss de Wolfe gives vapor and
cabinet' baths ar/d rumor has it that
.the makes a ¦ side - line • of palmistry.
¦ vhile "Madame . Russell's specialty Is
the application of e.lectric treatment for
eny'and all human ailments, and she
' guarantees to- eyre without -the aid of
, oocu'.t- auxiliaries. . It was 6;30 o'clock
on. the morning. pf June 26 when
"Madame' Russell was awakened by a
.loud knc-cklng at her. door. She was
expecting a visit from her daughter,
¦but vhaf was her. surprise, when she
•'¦slipped the bolt," to see two young
rnen instead. They, asked her. if she
'performed' mind-: reading, and when she
r.epiiejd rn.' the negative one of them
v as about to force his way into her
.rharnlier when tire- other restrained
hirn. fcaying that she. 6eemed to be a
.•f'nlc'e.Qld- iady," and' she promptly shut
.tfcerh out. : Then she. heard them talk
rng -with Miss .d'e Wolfe in the adjoin
ing room, but -while the " tones were
¦finery,, she did riot ascertain what was
ea'id. ¦'.•'•
VioJet de Wolfe, austere and statu
esque, and ¦ Madame Russell,- voluble
and decrepit, were tne complaining
witnesses' against Joseph D. Simpson
and Harry Barker' and the charges
were attempted extortion and battery.
Miss <3e Wolfe,, who reluctantly con
fessed that her". true, name- was some
thing else, vigorously pressed her ac
cusations, whrfle- Madame Russell, who
testily resented a Judicial insinuation
that her^name might also have been
e'ssumed, "tampered her testimony with
mercy. ' ' • ' . . • • . '
John Walsh and Romeo Fabbri, mem
bers of the Hackmen's Union, r are ac
cused of assaulting W. D. Kent, driver
of a Palace .Hotel bus, at .Fifth and
Stevenson 'streets last Thursday night.
The complainant states that the only
provocation for the attack was the fact
of his being a non-union driver. The
defendants ran away and were over
taken and arrested- by Patrolman T. G.
Murphy. The case was called . before
Judge Mogan and continued till July 9.
Judge Megan sent Thomas McMahon
and H. A. Pafrks to the Superior Court
to stand trial on the charge of waylay
ing and robbing Louis Young of a
cheap watch and $2 cash. Their bail is
$2000 apiece.
Mamie Williams wore a khaki bifur
cated skirt and a cowboy hat tilted to
an angle of forty-five degrees when Pa
trolman Murphy picked her up and ran
her in for being unable to satisfactorily
explain why she was loitering on Post
street, near Stockton, at 2 o'clock yes
terday morning. She chewed gum as
she told Judge Mogan that If the po
liceman had not spoiled her programme
she would have started for the moun
tains on an early train to enjoy a
much-needed rest. Her case was con
tinued for a week to give the officer
time to find out something more about
her character*
C. H. Moosely, whose unlicensed
liquor dealing establishment at Green
wich and Lyon streets has been al
luded to by witnesses as a "speak
easy," a "blind pig" and a "hole in the
wall," wa? fined $100 by Judge Mogan.
Mr. Moosely demanded a Jury trial and
the Jury found him guilty as charged.
The case of Anna Speakman, charged
with attempting to kill Mrs. Clara Le
fevre by slashing her with a carving
knife, has been transferred from Judge
Mogan to Judge Conlan* and is set for
hearing before the latter magistrate on
July 15. Mrs. Lefevre is still confined
in a sanitarium on account of her
wounds. Her physician says she can
not safely attend court before the mid
dle of this month. As his Honor Conlan
has Just returned from his midsummer
vacation and as his Honor Mogan will
start within two weeks for a month's
stay in the mountains, the cause of the
transfer of Mrs. Speakman's case is
not difficult to surmise.
It may have been the Joss or it may
have been the defendant's cousins that
restrained Tong Bong from appearing
in Judge Mogan's court to uphold the
complaint of threatening to kill upon
which he had Ham Lung arrested. As
there was no prosecution there could
he no conviction and Ham Lung waa
discharged, with a hint from the bench
that in the long run he would find it
cheaper and more honorable to pay
his rent than to slay Tong Bong.
Tong Bong had already regretted the
publicity which he had given to Ham
Lung's indebtedness through the pla
card, for cousins of the creditor had
visited him and heaped reproach, pro
nouncing his conduct uncelestially pre
cipitate and indirectly impugning the
integrity of the entire Lung family.
"I acted too hastily, oh. Tuck Ling,"
he said to his chief collector, "and sor
row much over what my act has done.
But to preserve my life I must convey
even more unpleasantness to the un
happy Ham Lung and his highly re
spected relatives by having him placed
where he cannot fulfill his threat. After
dcing that I shall confess my great
error to the joss of our tong and pay
due panance."
"To me. oh. Tong Bong," he said,
ycu have brought much disgrace. I
am dishonored in the view of. my coun
trymen, and ere the sun sinks you shall
die."
Ham Lung owed. three months* rental
.of the room occupied by him in China
town, and when he went there Thurs
day evening he saw tacked to the door
a notice which informed him that he
must either vacate the apartment or
pay the landlord. Tong Bong. Angered
by the humiliation thus brought upon
him— for the notice had doubtless been
read by every occupant of the human
hive that passed the door— Lung went
to save his face.
Mrs. Rose McArdle, who Sells gro
ceries and liquors at 540 Sixth street,
told Judge Conlan of how C. J. Howell,
a wild-eyed individual, had endeavored
to. extort $10 from her by representing
himself to be an excise officer and al
leging that her license had expired. He
carried his false pretense so far as to
place her ujider arrest, escort her to
the Central police station and attempt
to book her, but ran away when the
desk sergeant asked him to prove offi
cial authority. The case was contin
ued.
. "It's easy when you know how,"
Frank explained, demonstrating with
flnger and thumb how the button
should be held so' that the needle could
be guided by 6ense of touch into any
desired hole. He further stated that as
he had no home, and could not conven
iently do his tailoring on the street, it
was necessity that drove him Into the
vacant house, as the button which he
was sewing on when arrested bore the
entire responsibility of holding up his
nether garment. He was sentenced to
twenty-four hours In prison to do
whatever further repairing his clothes
might require— and they appeared to
need much of it.
. "How could he see to sew without a
light?" Judge Mogan asked the officer,
who passed the query up to the de
fendant.
Frank Morton was seen to enter a
vacant house on Minna street night be
fore last, and when Patrolman McEn
tee investigated he found Frank sew
ing a button on his pantaloons in pitch
darkness.
• • •
independence and return to the south
land.
The Grass. Valley Union gives ari ac
count of what is going on- in the- Hough
and Ready district: •' .'
h™,°.M y . bu .V ur<;ly , Ko ' lgl1 and Ready Js being"
brought to the fronl as a quartz mining camp*
Reid? wm ue9tlon °i tlme w ««. Kou«h and
Keady will be a producer to be proud ot.
hW^ift '. D V* ent « r C r '*s that are- beiae
n« S K /° "¦ head " tne ' N ' w Constttutioiv.
new shaft proposition on Randolph Flat." Mr
H»y. who has it in. hand, is building * new
road from the main tp the .old. wordings oa
i!^v T' . and wnere the new on e is to Be
A "'r e operations in . sinking wlirba
commenced immediately after the. Fourth ana
h^it.n* pr ? 8ecu " d , wf^ Vigor. An eutlw-new
hoisting plant will be erected to repiace that
**Z* OR » he w (rro - na - and the machinery for th»
same will be of up-<o-date pattern. Machine
anus and air compressors will be Installed, for
rock work when hard formation Is reached.
7k S ?? ft to **• sunk wl1 ' b« tn th « bedrock of
if. £ Id P Iacer diggings, but on ttte le«*ge
which there exists, and which Is exposed to
the surface at different points for all- of a half
mile if not more. It is beli&ved .that the cor
rodlns and breaking down of this ledge wu
the source of the gold that was fouqd In the'
placers In the palmy bonanza days, of- old
Rough and Ready. .
Farther encouragement has come to 'Mr
Hay. in his determination to open the Ve^»
Constitution at considerable depth, by the rec
ord being mada In .the. Iron Clad:- The dev»l
opment In the Black Bear, alsft a neighboring
property, is proof, too, of exceHent conditions
existing at depth- " • . •
Among the developments reported by
the Treka Journal, in Slskiyou Coiinty,
are the following:
Some of the deeds in the sale of the gr#«V
,, .. if a 1 erou P of copper mines In. the El
liott Creek district, this county, on" Siskly^u
Mountain, near the Oregon line, have b«-n
filed for record at the Clerk's office m Yreka
and others are expected soon. The total
amount of the sale is said trf be $175,000. "and
the man named as -purchaser is John 8 AUen
of New Tork. The group comprises • twenty
seven claims, to which a railroad will have to
be built for connection with the Southern Pa
cific tine, in getting . supplies »ftd sfclpplnr
product. " - . -
Captain MuHan of Los Angeles has been in
Treka for a couple of days past, on his. way
to Happy Camp, beinjr Interested in. securing
the XHassic Bill mining property on IndUn
Creek. In that section. He .thinks the hills
and streams In that locality are «H rich In
ro'.d and other minerals, and saya if in Lo«
Angeles County, they would be ¦warming, with
pmrpectors and miners developing them
The McKlnley quarts mme on Humbug. 'In
the Sucker Creek section. Is operated steafllly
with rood snewss." • . *"*"
A deal for the Blue Ledg» min* In this
county, on Siskiyou Mountain, near "the Ore
gon line, has been made. The flrsfr payment
was mad« June 16. with th» : balance on "short
time. ¦ :
>*ORTHERX DEAELOP3IEXTS.
The oil minera c/f Los Angeles .ar«
struggling to hold their trade territory
against the outside producers. ; Thai
Los Angeles Herald says:
r Az \ ll H te , r ' 8 V n "! r n * bt for the oil business- of
Los AngTeles is bein* quietly carried on. though
£?-JTi w lntere «t«'d -.parties will admit • It.
VVhile the rfneral public has been -permitted
l«» k X p .? ctjc *»y nothing about the battle.
?«^ti .if ld * 0 Of th * controversy have adepted
*rtl ,' i^ a V, WouId l< " ach something to tha
t C - .r 1001^* *•"*¦." who manipulate stock
transactions down, on \v a a street •
wav?h y ?. U ' et 7 lth '«*all Huct'uatlona etther
de/r' w ni, IBar J et K hM ' 1) * cim « sensitive la »
SBSfiRS KZ??5f
we^ks Un * buu ""nor. of- sea-eral
freely <*"**»*• yWerUay. when- it w..
ireeiy stated among oil men- that a certain
¦hSrt*5n c^ Un * ! 3 e Kern River fleW wi»
tlon hl t*hat* l th m ' nt WaS 1>Oe * ed UJ> b * 'th..a*~r-.
one of th- i company in question— which, is
VLf* * largest- producers In the Kern River
ttorrt i°n rn Jh r . Iy f. M ad K * large wntitTo? «U
vn^ J.k fleld> but at P«»«at its big reser-
MSF sa '*sis i SsiTSs
?»£«.>„ v .' com P anv «nd every- effort' .wa«
Pr:»?h e emarfet madaby ?%~%«*r .£
E. E. Shafer has secured, accordiris
to the San Diego Union, the right- to
drill on lands of the city for twenty
years for oil, petroleum, bitumen and
kindred mining products. For . thi».
privilege he had to pay' only $30. • A
company has been formed to sink" on
the city lands. * •
The future of a mine in Mexico" that
Is reputed to have been' paying: $10,000
a month, the San Martin, in tlxe State
of Oaxaca, near Oaxaca. Is uncertain
because, of the. death orH. C. Walters.
The Vancouver News Advertiser" says
ot the extent of recent operation and
t/f the property generally: .
of The ?jL!f venly feet - Owln » tojhe length
sev*n rti^^r 7 *" d the fact that iner * *«••
of ,h.fr» l k F * <hoot »- almost any number,
policy of th a - Q worke< l- but It ha* been- the
mine and nn! la J?f ny thUS f ar to tfeve '°P »n«
Sat way * P what ore wa * -^"ea °«t
FIGHT FOR A MARKET.
tonwood that there is gold enough to pay. w«-U
for sluicing: If there w<?r« ¦uiflcient fall for a
tailrace. Jo« Roth -atid John. Winkefman are
authority for" the staternert that there are
places along the creetc' near town tafjerefrom
60 to 7Ii cents a day can be- taken . quT' with
a rocker. They state, that the sold' la Reivy
and. although they prospected the gravel .sev
eral fSet above bedrock, prece* that -weigh twi>
and. three aents can be panned, out. *' Flatterlnff
reports come In from dlffsren't points up iinJ
down the creek. The eand and gravel .are rich
with heavy, tine gold, which indicate . t»at
the bedrock has rich pay . streaks of heavy
coarse sold.
Prospectors Find High Values in. Some Instances.
Oil Miners Struggle Over a Southern • Market.
Railway Will Soon Run to ; Tonopah^s Deposits
EPPINGER'S
BOOK SHOWS
TAMPERING
NEVADAN
DIES AT
ST. LOUIS
WOMEN HEALERS DEFEAT
A MATUTINAL INVASION
Allege That Their. Slumbers Are Rudely Shattered
. by Two Young Men Who Endeavor to Extort
Cash by Representing Themselves to Be Sleuths
ORE STRIKES REPORTED
IN VARIOUS DISTRICTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
GLEESON
GETS NEW
DISTRICT
4
' ADVEBTISEHENTa.
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears'
Soap?
6cldalloTertbeKorld.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H ,,5 ANPY CATHARTIC '¦ N
p| PREVENT ALL SUMMER BOWEL TROUBLES 1
pa Undigested food in the human body \yill ferment a hundred times as |;|
fel quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels p- 1
pr| poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, I 1
|H| dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and I 1
Kp| the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper v'l
p»:| thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of. the boviy Hi
IH every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. f-,l
Hi You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and ti]
Ml nealth y« To do it, use a medicine that Is pleasant to the taste and ndt flU
I? I har8n an< * violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take |> I
t£| in summer, because it will not cause diarrncea or griplne is Cdscarets I 1
KSl An -drogglsts, 10c. 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet' W'\
fe'-l stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back Sample and i 1
B&booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. «35 j IPrefers Death to Invalid's Ufe.
ST. LOUIS, July 1.— Discouraged by
an examination for life insurance,
which showed that he was afflicted
with an organic disease that was a
bar to insurance, Allan T. Slmpkins,
secretary;of , the Renauld Lead Com
pany, shot and killed himself in the
office of the company, to-day, ,
Extra Train Service on the California
Northwestern Railway. f
In. order to give those who visit the
Guerneville and Sonoma Branches a
good, long holiday on July 4th, the Cali
fornia Northwestern Ry. will run on
that day a special train, leaving Camp
Vacation at 7:00 p. m., Russian River
Heights 7:10 p. . m., Guernewood Park
7:15 p. m. and Guerneville at 7:20 p. m.
stopping at Santa Rosa, Petaluma and
all intermediates. The npeclal from the
Sonoma Branch will leave Glen Ellen at
8:16 p. m.. stopping at Sonoma, Vineburg
and other Branch points. Both trains
will arrive In San Francisco at 10:45
P. m, * : -« V -f '
Petitions for Memorial Hall.
Samuel W. Backus, president of the
Yountville Veterans' Home, petitioned
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to
secure for the new public library in
this city:-a "memorial hall" for the use
of the Grand Army of the Republic
and kindred organizations. The hall
will be a sort of "valhalla," in. which
can be gathered the battle flags, rec
ords and other .mementoes of the wars
of the republic. Backus says.
Priests nt Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July 1.— About forty
Jesuit priests from Spokane, St. Igna
tius College of San Francisco and
Santa Clara College are at the Jesuits'
resort, Sacred Heart villa, at Leonard,
near Aptos. During the past few
months a large and spacious building
has been erected for. their accommoda
tion.
.Maranta Declared Insane.
Buonomo Maranta, the insane
Italian who last Wednesday^crushed
the life out of his fellow patient,
Robert Allen, in the City and County
Hospital, was yesterday judicially de
clared insane and committed to the
State hospital at Ukiah.
COMMITS 1 15UICIDE BECAUSE
'•-"• . OHDER.ED TO GO TO BED
j New York Youth Hangs Himself After
• ;. Being. Conipeired to Retire by
••• .. ¦ •'•His Sister. ' J ..'
". ' NEW YORK,: July* 1.— A 13-year
olfl lad, Alexander Johnson, hanged
himself, at the home of FYederick K.
j Allen, president of the village of Pel
ham Manor. ' because his sister com
• peJIed him to retire early; Johnson
. had Just graduated . from .the gram
• mar school. • He objected strenuously
¦ «n being ordered to; bed, but finally
•.went; and" was found Hanging- from
: the bed post.
Seymour's Will Turns Up.
Two days ago the widow of Simon
H. Seymour was granted special let
ters of administration upon hia es
tate under bonds of $50,000. She rep
resented that he died intestate. Yes
terday Ev "W. Hawkins and R. H. Lloyd
petitioned for letters of administra
tion on the estate, saying that they
were named in a will left by Seymour
under date of March 15 last. Seymour
died at Bartlett Springs and the wit
nesses to hia will were P. E. Towne
and C. S. Whitemore. The will gives
the widow one-half the property.
Boy Injured by Car.
Leslie Moore, 10 years old, and re
siding with his parents at 74 6 Sanchez
street, was knocked down yesterday
by a Valencia-street car at the cross
ing of Sixteenth and severely injured.
The boy .was taken to the Southern
Pacific Hospital, where lie was found
to have sustained a fracture of • the
right leg bone, with possible injuries
which mav complicate his recovers'.
He was trying to cross the street when
the approaching car caught him.
TRUCKEE WILL HAVE
A BIG CELEB RATIOIX 1
Contest for. Goddess of Liberty Is
Closed and Miss I'rau/.iiii Wins
the Honor.
TRUCKEE, July 1. — Preparations
have been made here for a rousing
Fourth of . July celebration. The
Goddess of Liberty contest closed yes
terday, and Miss Estella Franzini was
the successful candidate with 1S22 votes
to her credit. Vr.i
The officers of the day will be Hon.
F. M. Rutherford, president: Herman
Wilkie. marshal;. Rev. G. H. Smith,
orator; Malcolm F. Calkins, reader. On
Sunday afternoon a game of baseball
will take place between the Truckees
and the Klrke-Geary team of Sacra
mento for a purse of $50.
CAMTOR-NTANS; IS-JURED " "
: % "¦ y • ." **" MICHIGAN COWJJSION
II Ijrhland Man and Resident of Stock
. . •; ton Ijnrr In Railroad Accident
¦Iv/ '..Near Battle Creek. .
}?&ATTllE. : CREEK. " Mich.. July I.—
In. Jaj- rear' end collision' between local
.ax'fl -.limited trains on. the Jackson and
Battle Creek .Traction Railway to-day
'.three" men were seriously- injured and a
'score of ..persons were badly, shaken up
•find "bruised. : ¦ .
' Among th'e score, of "passengers who,
thongh slightly Injured, ' were ablej to
resumjs their Journey/ were Alexander
.-Obray'trf . Highland, Cal., and Wert
.McLane of- Stockton." Cai. ' t-'.V.
tion of the New Safety Stand
on Market Street.
Resolution Adopted Regarding Erec-
At the last meeting: of the Mer
chants' Association a resolution was
passed commending the action of those
who contributed toward the erection
of the new safety station on Market
street. I The resolution is as follows:
Resolved. That the Merchants' Association
heartily commends . the public spirit displayed
vJnin^v me f rt xt ant i? an <* P«>r'«-ty owners In the
Mcinlty of Market, Fourth and Ellis streets
and the I nlted Railroads, who subscribed for
lVaH« re °J?i I 1 . that point of a PuWc safety
station, which is not only an ornament to
tne street, but also a convenience which will
be appreciated by , thousands of citizens and
The following: new members were
also elected: George M. Perine, Wal
ter S. Martin, Northern Commercial
Company, the Gilmartin Company
Western Fuel Company, S. Foster &
Co., Luscombe & Isaacs, C. H. Meyer
& Bro.. O. H. Greene wald, Morris
Bros. & Co.. National Laundry Com
pany, Mechanics' Savings Bank, Son
Bros. & Co.. Schussler Bros.
Members Decide on Fitting Celebra
tion of Fourth Anniversary of
"¦-., Founding *>f Society.
A' meeting of* the Pioneer Women
of California was held. yesterday after
noon at Golden Gate Hall with Mrs*.
Anna E. Mclntyre, the president, in
the chair...
Mrs; Mclntyre, who has been absent
for some time in the East, was heartily
welcomed, by her colleagues on the
board and the members. She had a
good _ deal 'to " tell of her pleasant
Journey and especially of her visit to
the St. Louis Fair. .*:•'.-"
It .was decided to hold a grand re
ception, at Golden Gate Hall on the
afternoon of August 27, the fourth an
niversary of the society.
The membership now numbers 150.
Yesterday. the name of Mrs. Belle Con
rad was added to the roll. The officers
present were:
Jir». Anna E. Mclntyre. president : Mrs. A.
D Mardcnald, first " vice president: Mrs. L.
McK.- Berryman, »«cond vice president; Mrs.
Julia R, Brown, aecretary: Mrs. C. L. Burr,
financial secretary: Mrs. Margaret J. McCor
mlck, treasurer; Mrs. M. J. Wheeland. mar
elial- directors— Mrs. E. M. North. Mr*. A.
P. Holme*. Mrs. 8. A. Keith and Mrs. M. J.
Br.«. ."
MERCHANTS COMMEXD
ACTION OP CITIZENS
PIOXEER WOMEN* WILL.
: GIVE BIG RECEPTION
lfojfiCATOgg> GIVE- CORDLAli * '
; : ; - 'C-iGREETENG ¦•TO SATOTLLl
Garditial : Jleoeiycs xm Ovation on His
-> :'-Ap.pearance Before Convention'.; .
0 \< : Qyy:J.. ; '•of -Teachers. ¦ • - ;;
l^fft/ltdfflSXSi July i.f-The.. National
AssOdation-.ended Its con
i^otiQn 1 tp-flay. ; The final general ses
iKi^.w^sop^ned with prayer by Rabbi.
:';LeVnr Ss.rr.ison of SL -Louis- Cardinal
;SVi^niV?QPn alter. -entef-ed the- hall' and
:.ih'fc- ; -Vudien.ce: .rose- en' masse • when he
iwfejjr introduced 'arid- he was given -an
<>va.tLoa.. . Cardinal ."Satolli- made a
.brrerjEpepch In which. he. expressed his
.'ir-Jeasiire'- "at .-being present.'- The Cardlr
.aa.i refeained' with the. convention only
a/Jf?^ .-jnitnutej?. >--": : ' ¦ \
: .f'-,<CJeG.rge; A-. .'Gates, president of Pp-
-.Glaremont, Caf., made
:kn-qJ3dr,es3-'qn." : the. subject, "The Place
of.the; .Small.. College.' : . ' ¦
POG BROKE HER LEG.— Gertrude Greene
brought suit yesterday^in the Justices' Court
against John Doe Luba to secure $2f>9 99 dam
aBPS.fcr being thrown down by his dog. The
plaintiff alleges, ihat her lep was broken by
the fall, and she la still confined to her house
as a result of the accident.
TRAINS OF SALT LAKE
ROAD WILL SOON RUN
Difficulties Concerning Track Privi
leges Have Been Adjusted and
Schedule Is Arranged.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 1. — It
was officially announced here to-day
that the Salt Lake Railroad would be
gin running trains into San Bernardino
on Sunday, July 3, and the first train
will pull out of San Bernardino at 6:15
a. m. on that date. The cause of the
delay has been the difficulties in ar
ranging a schedule that would ac
commodate the large number of trains
coming in from Los Angeles over the
Southern Pacific tracks. This has now
been satisfactorily arranged, the
bridge has been strengthened and all
of the details agreed upon.
. M. M. Potter will be the local agent
for the company,' with offlces in the
Stewart Hotel block, this having been
selected by H. B. Worden, assistant
general passenger agent of Los Ange
les, and J. H. Burtner, the commercial
agent of the Salt Lake road at River
side, who were in the city to-day for
that purpose. Trains will leave San
Bernardino at 1:15, 7:55 and 11:10
a. m. and 2:35 and 4:25 p. m.
Author of "Dixie" Buried by Elks.
MOUNT VERNON, Ohio. July 1. —
The funeral of Dan Emmett, the com
poser of "Dixie." was held here to-day
under the auspices of the local Elks'
Lodge. Many well-known theatrical
men. were present. Al G. Field acted
in the, capacity of marshal. The band
rendered "Dixie."
. .Hafg Patigian. a" prominent local
sketch and- water color artist, has be
come* a scu.lptor. His first attempt in
this line, called. "The Unquiet Soul," is
now on exhibition at the Press Club,
where it. has reeei-ved much favorable
comment. •' ¦
¦ Patigian has- long- been a student of
apatomy and has spent much time in
making -sculptur-al 'drawings. Most of
his wp'rk has always contained a sug
gestion Qf sculpture; The- friends and
admirers of Patlglan's work have wel
conved his new departure and feel that
he is" destined to win fame as a sculp
tor.
".The model just finished stands two
feet/Jiigh and represents the subject
in the throes of agony, a man. with a
Patigian is now working on ano.ther
model, which- he expects will surpass
the one on exhibition.
despondent brain, thrown back in a
position of abject prostration. With
one hand clenched over his eyes, the
other clutching a portion of the rock,
muscles tense, the figure conveys an
air of desperation, the desperation of
a mental battle against the despond
ency which threatens to undo the man.
At his feet lashes the allegorical Sea of
Despair. The whole subject is one of
extreme intenseness and so we'll has
the sculptor executed -his ideas that
the name of the work or its synonym
readily presents itself to. the observant
critic. The figure not- only bears the
hallmark of a thorough artist, but also
shows a correct familiarity with the
man's anatomical structure.
Takes Charge of School Exhibit.
ST. LOUIS, July 1.— A picture of the
memorial grove at Sacramento was
formally hung to-day. Commissioner
Martlne of Sacramento delivered the
address. James A. Barr, Superinten
dent of City Schools of Stockton, ar
rived at the fair grounds to-day to take
charge of the Stockton school exhibit
in the Palace of Education.
"THE UNQUIBT SOUU" CREATED BY HAIG PATIGIAN THE LOCAL NEWS
PAPER ARTIST. WHO HAS ONLY RECENTLY INVADBD THE REALM OF
. SCULPTURE. THE WORK IS FAVORABLY RECEIVED BY THE CRITICS.
CORONER'S JURY RETURNS
A VERDICT OF SUICIDE
Decides That Dr. Seymour Jarecki
Indicted the Gunshot Wound on
Himself That Caused Death.
DENVER. Colo., July 1. — A Cor
oner's Jury to-day decided that Dr.
Seymour Jarecki, Assistant County
Physician, himself inflicted the gun
shot wound which caused his death
yesterday.
FOURTH WILL BE A
GALA DAY IN STOCKTON
Pythian Carnival - Will Be Opened
in Conjunction With Patriotic
Celebration.
STOCKTON, July 1. — otockton is
rapidly taking on a holiday attire.
Next Monday the Fourth of July and
the Pythian Street Fair will be jointly
celebrated. The . national colors, to
gether with those of the Knights' yel
low, red and blue, are everywhere in
evidence. The streets are hung .with
bunting -ai.d business houses are deco
rating for the coming event. The street
fair will last until Saturday evening,
July 9, and the Knights are preparing
to entertain many thousanC of people
during the week.
H. J. Keuchler will be the director
general of the street fair and L. H.
Abbott will be the secretary.
.The queen of the Knights' Street Fair
will be Miss Mollie Kuhl. She was
elected in one of the most exciting con
tests ever held in Stockton. The bal
loting closed last evening and Miss
Kuhl was declared the winner, having
received 19,178 votes.
The citizens of Stockton are planning
a monster\celebratiori of the national
holiday. There will be no lack of
amusements. A big parade, with
Sheriff W. F. Sibley as grand marshal,
and a water carnival are on the pro
gramme for the morning. In the after
noon there will be literary exercises in
the Yosemite Theater. L. L. Dennett
of Modesto will be the orator of the
day. The California State League base
ball game between the Stockton and
Lodi teams will also be one of the at
tractions of the afternoon. In the even
ing the street fair carnival will furnish
th2 amusement.
GARDIXAIj SATOLLI PAYS
OFFICIAL VISIT TO FAIR
Prelate^ Accompanied by Archbishop
Glonnon, Sponds Day Among
tlit* Pavilions.
ST. LOUIS, July 1.— Cardinal Satolli
made an official call at the different
pavilions at the fair grounds yester
day. He was accompanied by Arch
bishop Glennon of St. Louis and both
wore their brilliant state regalia. They
were escorted by a committee of
which Adelbert Stibral, Austrian Com
missioner General to the fair, was
chairman. At all the State buildings
they were received in state and re
mained about twenty minutes at each
place.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 1. — Two
prominent society and club men of
Minneapolis received probably fatal
injuries and : five other persons were
seriously injured in an . explosion of
a gasoline launch tank in the Eleanor
at Tonka Bay, Lake Minnetonka.
The injured: Llewellyn Christian,
probably fatal; George Upton, prob
ably fatal; Harry Merriman, badly
burned; Mrs. W. P. Devereau, burned
and leg broken; Mrs. H^arry Mer
riman, badly burned; Harry Merriman
Jr., slightly burned; Prudence Merri
man, slightly, burned.
Christian was entertaining a party
of six grown persons and two children
and his boat was headed for the bay
when the explosion occurred. It was
caused by a leak in the gasoline tank
and the boat was wrecked. It Is due
only to the fact that a number of sail
boats and rowboats were in the bay
that the party escaped dedth.
NEW YORK, July 1. — Erysipelas,
resulting from a blow in the face, has
caused the death of Mrs. Christina
Gessman, who was rescued from the
ill-fated steamer General Slocum. The
blow was struck by a fireman, who
rescued the woman from drowning.
Mrs. Gessman jumped from the hur
ricane deck of the Slocum. She was
seen struggling in the water by a fire
man, who leaped to the rescue. He
was caught by the drowning woman,
who choked him with a death grip so
tenacious that finally he was com
pelled to render her unconscious -with
a blow of his first. He then swam
with her to shore. She was hurried to
a hospital, but a slight cut produced
by the fireman's fist developed ery
sipelas and caused the woman's death.
About 25,000 new life preservers are
estimated to have been put in service
on New York excursion boats since
the Slocum disaster. All the manu
facturers are working overtime and
the preservers are being added to the
boat equipment at the rate of 1000 to
1500 a day. The reinspection ordered
by the Federal officials will begin
within a few days.
¦•N^#.;,YbRK, July. 1V—R..G. .Dun &
;t'o!-'.s;'.w*ek;l y. re.view of : 'trade will say:
¦•V'Ttiere'-is.; -much: encouragement in the
evia.enceS; .of I-.Teturning- confidence, and
it*Ug'yi'cs - tpr'.tKe -l.aSt.six months indi-
:<afe.*th^i>Chferjer*U.lJo lit'tl? reaion f<?r.
-aiitiei^ajlnp 'better 'things "in he last
.ftatr-\?f:'xhe"'year. Half-yearly 'returns
".cff : -'in?5lv : ciicl^s -show : that .liabilities
'ijtLEc'tftfatty 'ArrtTMtrA Railway earn-
'•rlh'^s"; • ihat''-ih. iparMer -months
'¦iasiEfi&jci 'T^per r .cenf"or.'moTe in compar
"exhibit ah increase
Reports from
'at. trafle f pr* trie last
'ru-.eeV-\esti'f >' -.ta a . iuiet .condition, but
¦."JBca^jt^Tjy.'in^re so, .-than ificUstomary at
: >'J3iiVumfr.p£"l'h"e ; year. while in<juiries .Jn
.¦^e-V^.ei^ni^faufictjirin.g. lines promise -a
!^HVr :<<Ji.s'tribJJtion- iTi the near future'.
.HFd'&pects ;a^.'-st-irp-fayorable 'f°" r Targe
i^fWnB-Qn'the' farms', despite -isome loss
iif-irai'sigriiis ;<turiflg the/1 jtst' week.' Con
":i.ay^oe; -prjiw.8;iTi'-'tn"tf- : ir.orr and-steeL in
¦¦'^•4^irvV'.;& 3 -'thpugh';.jas'.->;ct -Xhere Is little
fii PP^t V^t>." ;t hie. ¦[ Sti'a pe ; - o f : i h creased or
':}&&?/¦.'fS.'-~..'.~-': . : \'.;\ •/'..'
: ;/ ;T: r^fi^?r at'e- fairly-; n'rra." beca'use- of
.*niKr}^rjllbckautlian: \yere..neld" a;- year
. r B^9;van3_.'il{5cr.ea.sii:g-Vec'eipts pf -cattle,
; re-*eakcr.- "".
-' Fhilvre* this . w**fk'.fn\ ihe'.. United
>S(a:iis-;itvei i^44!' against .257 the-' precea r
"^i ! :^v;w^V.;''-an.4;. -ly -th'e; coijref ponding
.-v..-,-.«»-is.lgi*f.-.year.-- - : ¦¦•.. .'';''-' ¦•
• • : ''Failures ...in - "Cai>ada. '"•number. 11,
'¦& -fii^nst'^2 ¦:. i'as'r w.eek. .and . -7- last, year.'*
';•;. '¦'¦:¦'¦'•'; ''.{''• J.'.~''.- •' V". *'."'¦* .' "*-•-. - ' - ••
',' SEASON '^FFECflfS TRADE. -
,<}uirt'-. Rules GeTneral In
¦";}. .-tfiistiies, bi|t [TqwJs. Improving. ..
";i'.'S^W: : . :^T^4k._ J-uly . 1.— Bradst.reet's
.will- -say:" '¦ ' '• * .. ; •: •
:. . ' iljiij^'.rni'nier *. ' a"U.iet ;. rules' ; ¦ general'
:^fraj4-'-*:*>^ iodjustry. biit gooii crop pros
pecpii.^riaJ£.e for f&bpe .of a -rnuch inoj-.e
• ; pid?tic^^-\:hal:f-'.year "than has Just
;^!'pse4...:^i'yet.^th6 improvement is stiri
:/iaf^ejy;'a.;:matter.of Itqh'e arid belter
>fceje!i$&:'and. is.' app.arentry content to
ynibyeijsipvfiy iintil pending^ crops pros
.•pect&Vhecpirie. c.ertaintjesi- - * .
'?}Ba£fc'.-£yeiLrin£s for-s'ixf months will
|^aiIJ5al^^n.' : 14.^er."<»t'b€3ilnd a year
'.agby.':most()f : 'thedeclinft'be'n5 a.t Xe<v
• : yori'./i.becja.ijs'e.-i outside of that, city the
iJeere'ajee'.v.'illinfJt mucfi 'exdeed 14 per"
•^ntf.>y:'.-,'-.' .%•;¦..:""• •'• : >_!• ¦•• _' ". '; .. -
k .Ha^i^4y' : lea-rnihgs. '1-n .June "took .a
.tirfri'.'fpX^liy-b.'e.trjer, and. gross, receipts
¦fTViVl-'pro^.abiy.'shaw a pa in. of- 3 per cent"
¦.Torf.fhfiTpioJnthV.-ljiQ'ugh. decreasing 2 per
" «ritfqr.'*i* laonihs/ . The .fiscal year as
: a -Tt.boTe.'-owing' to.-g.ains. last .year, will
;6^.w:" : Sfif4crjeas.e of € per cent lft gross.
•&tt learnings: _¦; _how!evef, -.will '. probably
;!&htfw/-ia. '5;iig;ii.t .-rnc.rea.se 'from the preced
;*rig yea'r.'._ ; '^sta4: ; "'.".. : ' * •' •
i .y'f allures.- ' In ' " the -United
;Star<es/: iqr :.the; ! Sveek .ending. June ..30.
: :|n1p;n?i>;eK^250,;Ji^ainst-2l5 ljfsr w'eek ajid
ii6^-l;rt;th>.-ioiT-espona"ing -week.last year.
•l^-^aafida :tjie : '.failures for..'thie week
Jnuinber..2o : ,-.as: aga^i;st.-23 'lasf 'week and
;^. - to- tfrls. a jneax. 'ago. " ; -. ; .
?J^&jg^^. (t^pMn^jiin^^wjinrfm ¦ for
Afie'viw^ek ..-. : *ndfng .Jurie .30 aggregate
: againit l f 2n,iZT last
c iw«ek iast year.
:-5Tiiiy -i. l?03, :tp; date, they ag!- '
: ; 123^5,324. ¦ bushels; .against
;;S3-iE6;ei4- ; la^t Jseasiaft^"- .; \: '.'¦ .._.-."
Belief • in ; : Future Results
-•Eroni;. Reports '-Showing
Liabilities
Occupants of Wrecked Craft
Saved Erom Drowning by
Prompt Acts of Boatmen
Erysipelas Renders Useless
Efforts of Gallant Eire
man to Save Mrs. Gessmari
DEATH MAY CLAIM TWO
SUCCUMBS AT HOSPITAL
(•HOP PROSPECTS .BRIGHT
Gasoline Tank on Launch
Blows Up and Brings Dis
aster to Party of Eight
¦Laststialf "<rf Year Expected
to Prove' Livelier Than
Six Months . Just Ended
Woman Survives Slocum
Disaster and Dies of In
jury Inflicted by Kescuer
SEVEN INJURED
BY EXPLOSION
ACTIVE MARKET
IS ANTICIPATED
SAVIOR'S BLOW
CAUSES DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
Prominent Local Sketch and Water Color Artist
Embraces Sculptor's Art and First -Work at His
Hands Gives Much Promise of Brilliant Future
HAIG PATIGIAN PLACES
MODEL ON EXHIBITION
Insolvent. Miner.
A. H.; Clark, mirier, Columbia, filed
a petition- in ; insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. He
owes $245 and has $99 assets, >
Alaska Excursions' Season l»0*.
Lanfl of the ?tf$dni£ht . Sun^ Glaciers
I arid a thousand Islands en route. Inside
juiEsase. Seasickness unknown. The
•palatial crcursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 9- a. tn. July 5; 19. Aut "
• 3«j. For Information apply to Pacific
t:oa*t ' Steamship Co.'e Ticket Offlces 4
. New Bt. (Palace Hotel) and
•Jfr Market st. CD. Dunann, Gen. Paa
tecger "Agent,- Ban Francisco, . a
5
.^^^Every Woman
M^SwmB marvel VNhirling Spray
vV^svC5»S5*^ hon an* JSnrti.m. Hf»t-S»f.
lik j**r 'n(|lil tor It. BO.' ' -^Z,-*"""^**
If hecjinnotinprly the V'. /3S) r^^»/^s
MABVKL, »c<-eptno '
other, but send tump for Sfck F^&'/tiSj
JUnstrated book-»»»M. It sire* X},. / ''i'rJf
fall purttcnUrt and dtrrction* tn- ft. v. / jm
TJiluablf to Indies. M%KVKl,tO..^J, -.•.•., M
41 Park Bow, .Vow 1 orit. **4£ifi2F
1C2 New Monteomery. San Francisco. Cat.' ~ -
William Hatterotb (Ladles" Dtpt.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 110 £1U«
' >g^0CWEr.STR0HS &C0.^gV
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.-. . .
FBESH AND SALT MEATS.
f*C RftVF? Jt Pft Shipping Butchers, ioa
JAj» DUIEj tt tU. clay. Tel. Mala 12&4.
' ~~~ OXZJ3. '¦ ! "~~ *
LUBRICATINO OILS: LEONARD * KLLJ3.
418 Front »t.. 3. F. Phon> Mala 171».
PKINTINO.. '"
F. C HUGHES. 611 iUinwm* «t.. 3. T.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Vearw . .
• :7" — — -* - * "¦ >
*. ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' .
STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND VALUE OF THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OF
The Hibernia Savincs and Loan Society
<A CORPORATION)
AND WHERE SAID ASSETS ARE SITUATED. i "
DATED JUNE 30, 1904.
1— Promissory Xotes and the debts thereby secured, the no •:
tual value of which Is. $33,649,459.89
The condition of said Promissory Notes and debts Is
as follows: They are all existing: Contracts, owned by said
Corporation, and are payable to it at its Office, which is
situated at the corner of Market. McAllister and Jones ';
Streets, In the City and County of San Francisco. State of '''•;/*:
California, and the payment thereof is secured by First ' * -
Mortgages on Real Estate within this State (S32.137.459.8S).
and the States of Oregon ($237,000.00) and Washington ->;• '
(5275,000.00). Said Promissory Notes are kept and held -'•
by said Corporation at Its said Office, which Is Its prin- •
cipal place of business, and said Notes and debts ara there
situated. . • • "
2— promissory Xotes and th« debts thereby secured, the ac-
tual value or which is. , # 757,075.00 '
The condition of said Promissory Notes and "debts* la as ' ' • * . : .
follows: They are all existing Contracts, owned by s.ald
Corporation, and are payable to It at Its Offlc*. which Is
situated as aforesaid, and the payment thereof Is secured
by "Northern Railway Company of California First Mort-
gage 5 per cent Bonds," "San Francisco and San Joaquln •• • . ¦ '
Valley Railway Company 5 per cent Bonds," "Southern •" ; :
Pacific Railroad r-ompany of Arizona First Mortffags « • •
per cent Bonds," "Southern Pacific Railroad Company of " :
California Series 'F and G' 6 per cent Bonds," "Sierra : •
Railway Company of California 6 per cent Bonds," "Pa- . •
clflc Electric Railway Company of California S per cent
Bonds." "Los Angeles and Pasadena Electrlo ---Railway
Company 5 per cent Bonds," "Park and Cliff House Rail- •
way Company 6 per cent Bonds," "United Railroads of . • .
San Francisco 4 per cent Bonds," "United States S par •-
cent Bonds." "Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company
of California 5 per cent Bonds." "Pacific Gas Improve- ' /
ment Company First Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds," "Spring
Valley Water Works First Mortgage 6 per cent Bonds." '
"Spring Valley Water Works Second Mortgage 4 per cent
Bonds." "United Gas and Electric Company 5 per cent ' "- -
Bonds," "Forty- two Shares of the Capital Stock of The ' - : '
Bank of California" and "One hundred and thirty Shares
of the Capital Stock of the California Street Cable Rail- • .' "
road Company," the market value of all said Bonds and • '
Stocks being ($892,534.00).
Said Notes are kept and held by said Corporation at its
said Office, and said Notes, Bonds and Stocks are there • '
situated. . .-'-¦:•¦.
3— Bonds of the United States, the actual vain© of which Is. . 16,796,8S(KSa
The condition of said Bonds is as follows: They be-
long to said Corporation, and are kept and held by It in its •
own Vaults and are there situated. They are "Regis- •
tered 4 per cent of 1907 ($13,500,000.00) and 4 per cent - • - :
of 1925 ($2,270,000.00) United States Bonds," and are ••
payable only to the order of said Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous Bonds, the actual value of which Is 8.4S6.S06.T9
The condition of said Bonds Is as follows: They be- -. •
long to said Corporation, and are kept and held by it In • • "
its own Vaults and are there situated. They are: /.
"Market Street Cable Railway Company 6 per
; cent Bonds." $1.121,000.00-
Market Street Railway Company First Con- ¦ ;
solidated Mortgage 5 per cent Bonds." 340,000 00 r -
"Sutter Street Railway Company 5 per cent . : *
Bonds." 150.000.00 ." . '
Powell Street Railway Company 6 per cent
Bonds '" 158,000.00
The Omnibus Cable Company 6 per cent - - • • -
Bonds," 82,000.06 :'.
Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company 6 .
per cent Bonds." 26,000.00
"Ferries and Cliff House Railway Company 6 . ' • •
per cent Bonds," 6,000.00- ' •
"Los Angeles Railway Company of California
5 per cent Bonds." 145,000.00 •'
"Pacific Electric Railway Company 5 per " . •
centBonds," 300.00Q.00- . " :"
"Northern Railway Company of California 6. ':-'".
.per cent Bonds," 584.000.00
"San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company 5 per cent Bonds," 389,000.00. • • '•
"Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Call- . .
fornla 6 per cent Bonds," ...... 1,286,006.00 ¦ ' :'
"San Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Rail- \ "
way Company 5 per cent Bonds," 111,000.00
"West Shore Railroad Company of New York " ' ' •' "
4 per centBonds." 500,000.00 :• '
"Spring Valley Water Works First Mortgage • • ' ' "
6 per cent Bonds," 123.000.00 1
i "Spring Valley Water Works Second Mort- . • ' • • '
! gage 4 per cent Bonds," ,.. ., • 462,000.00 ••
I "Spring Valley Water Works Third Mortgage • • • ,' • ¦ "
; 4 per cent Bonds." 1,020,0^0.00 " '. • \
"City of San Luis Obispo 5 per cent Bonds.". 15,750.21 " ¦" '•
"The Merchants* Exchange 7 per cent • " . '
Bonds," ... 700.000.00
and the "San Francisco Gas and Electric Com- '.
pany 4% percent Bonds," 495,000.00 .
; ¦ ¦ . '
5 — interest on Miscellaneous Bonds accrued to July 1, 1904.. 20-2,507.04
6 — (a) Real Estate situated in the City and County of San
Francisco ($326,075.70), and in the Counties of Santa
Clara ($160,892.37). Alameda ($154,527.50), and San Ma- ; •¦
teo ($15,226.58). in this State, the actual value of which
is , 656,72JJ.li
(b) The Land and Building in which said Corporation
keeps its said Office, the actual value of which Is 471,590.41
The condition of said Real Estate is that it belongs to
said Corporation, and part of it is productive. • . i^^^^S
7 — Cash in United States CJohl and Silver Coin, belonging to
said Corporation, and in its" possession, and situated at its • '
said Office, actual value . j 684- "JO^ *«
Total Assets $81,803,593.53
T T \ TUT 1TTITC ' .
1 — Said Coriwratlon ones Deposits amounting to and the ac- / VV.- v. %
tual value of which is '59,463,8&8.19
The condition of said Deposits is that they are pay-
able only out of said Assets and are fully secured thereby. \ .
'2 — Reserve Fund, Actual Value ' 3,330,937.31 .
Total Liabilities.' , $81,805,593.53
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETT. ' . "
¦ • « By JAMES R. KELLY. President. *'
. • THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY.
By ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary. . . •
State of California, City and County of San Francisco, ss. * "
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J. TOBIN. being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: That said JAMES R. KELLY is President,
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN is Secretary of THE HIBERNIA SAV-
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Corporation above mentioned, and that
the foregoing statement is true. JAMES R. KELLY, President/ "v, " '
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of July, 1904. •/
In and for the City and County of San Francisco. State of California. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Start the Fourth with
a good "FORCE "
breakfast and stow a
package or two in the
picnic-basket. You'll
hr.ve the wclco me s t
hamper you ever opened
up.
It's appetizing any-
where: — Woods, fields,
boat, or balloon ascen-
sion.
\ HZ •
teach the: children
A delicious dentifrice makes the tooth-
brush lesson easy. SOZODONT Is a fra-
grant liquid cleanser, penetrating the little
crevices of the teeth it purifies them.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
polishes the delicate enamel, but does not
scratch, thus it prevents the accumulation
of tartar, without Injuring the enamel,' a
"property found only in SOZODONT.
._ S FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER, PASTE. _ iWIFE RESENTS HUSBAND'S SLAP.—
Berkeley, July 1 Mrs. Prank Wetzel had her
husband arrested this morning on a charge of
battery. She says she wiehed to resent the
slap her husband gave here when she pro
tested against being locked out of their home
on Curtis street. The husband, being unable
to furnish bail, was taken to the County Jail.
RELIGIOUS PRESS COMPANY.— Oakland.
July 1.— A copy of the articles of a religious
press corporation of Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, in which a number of Oakland
people are Interested, was filed here to-day, it
is known a* the Pacific Press Publishing Asso
ciation. The directors are W. T. Knox of
Mountain View. C. H. Jones. II. C. Wilcox,
E. A. Chapman. \V. B. White and H. H. Hall
of Oakland, and A. S. Kellogg of Healdsburg.
There Is no capital stock, as the corporation is
not conducted for profit.
OAKLAND, July ,1.— William Blair,
superintendent. of road t construction at
Mountain View Cemetery, was to-day
appointed street inspector by Mayor
Olney, to take the place of N. W. Den
ton, who resigned.
Names New Street Inspector.
ALAMEDA. July 1. — Mrs. Clemen
tine Salome Hurley passed away this
afternoon at her home on College ave
nue. She was vl years of age. the
wife of Joseph G. Hurley and mother
of Mrs. Hlgley, :irs. Frank Foley,
Mrs. John Bridge. Joseph C. Hurley.
Edward A. Hurley and Willard Hur
ley. .
aii^s. C. S. Hurley's Death.
OAKLAND, July 1. — This was the
last day for the payment of delinquent
taxes. There are about 1100 parcels
more in the delinquent list this year
than last. One of the chief of these
is a large part of the properties of the
Contra Costa Water, Company, which
has allowed its taxes to go delinquent
on account of a 11,000,000 assessment
placed upon the water in its reservoirs.
To-day County Tax Collector Jamea.
B. Barber appointed W. R. Barstow,
J. A. Webster and John Gallegos -Jr.
as deputies during the coming busy
season. The amount of taxes delin
quent on the first Monday in April, at
which time the last total was made,
was $153,537 21. Of this amount con
siderable has been paid; and it also
includes about $£0,000 due from the
Contra Costa Company. ; • !
Contra Costa Company Will Not Pay
on Large Assessment.
HEAVY DELINQUENCY LIST.
LIVERMORE. July 1. — Julius Paul
Smith, bother of F. M. Smith, the "bo
rax king" of Oi-.kland, and owner of
the Olivina vineyard, died Wednesday
night from paralysis, after six months*
illness. Mr. Smith gave close atten
tion to his business and had estab
lished a high reputation for the prod
uct' of his vineyard. The deceased
wine maker was 62 years of age, a
native of Wisconsin. A wife survives.
The remains were incinerated _ in San
Francisco.
Death of Vlneyardist.
: OAKLAND, July 1. — The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day:
Willard H. .Fisher, ¦' over 21, San
Francisco, and Bertha D. Olszewski,
over 18, Omaha; George H. Brevoort,
28.' Melrose. and Ada Darling, 20, Ala
meda; Walter S. Snow, 42, Oakland,
and Ellen M. Tonson, 34, San Lean
dro; Frank Smith, over 21, and Mol
lie E. Wc't, over 18, both of Oak
land; William F. Pfeiffer, 25. and Ada
M. ; Olofson, 25, both of San Francisco;
Willard G. Hostetler, . 24, Elmhurst,
and Frieda Munk, 25, Vallejo.
Marriage Licenses.
TACOMA, Wash.. July 1. — Anton J.
Craayo' Kuyper, son of the present
chief magistrate and Prime Minister
of Holland, will be married next
month at Everett to Grace Degus,
daughter of Constable Degus of Ever
ett. Young Craayo is a graduate of
Utrecht University and was elected
magistrate of Zutphen. He quarreled
with his father because the latter
would not appoint him to a higher
office a year and a half ago. He is
working in a plumbing shop. The
young man is 23 years old.
Young Man Quarrels WJith Father
Over Politics and Is Now Work-
Ing in Plumbing: Shop.
HIGH OFFICIAL'S SON* WILL
WED CONSTABLE'S DAUGHTER
CLAIM THEY WERE BOCBED^— Oakland.
July 1. — "W. H. Bell and .James ThurtJs. ar
rested for drunkenness. - said they wer» knocked
down and ro^bvd yesterday, at' Thlr.fl »nd Gil
bert streets. The police will Investigate.
OAIILAND. July 1. — The Congres
sional committee met this afternoon,
but adjourned without having accom
plished the work it had on hand. It
was the purpose of the meeting to
appoint thirty-five delegates to the
coming Congressional convention from
the outside districts. The meeting
adjourned, however, without these
havlnjr been decided upon and will
meet at the call of the chair in the
near future, when they will be ap
pointed.
Delegates Not Cnosen.
DIVORCE MATTERS.— Oakland. July 1.—
Pult for divorce was begnn to-rfay by WiUi#m
N. Benedict against Hlnda C. BeneHi'ct on th«
Rround of cruelty. The Interlocutory decfe»,
granted John Rohan .from Florence' Rohan »'
year ago was made Anal to-day. .The .Inter
locutory decree granted Nels -Chrlstopfier^en
from Onea Chris topheraeji j year ajro was madt
final to-day- Bessie I-. Cole haa made an af
fliavlt that John X. Cole, from whom sh« was
granted a divorce, la $140 In' arrears wltb h'.\
alimony at the rate of $20 a mcritb.'
OAKLAND, July 1. — Having signed
a pledge to refrain from the use of
intoxicating liquor, former Policeman
Thomas Merrick was restored to-day
to a position in the Police Department
by the Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners. Mayor Olney and City At
torney McElroy voted favorably upon
the resolution to reappoint Merrick.
At his own request City Engineer Tur
ner was excused from voting.
Merrick was dismissed from the de
partment on a charge that he was in
toxicated while on duty. The case
was reopened and testimony was of
fered that the patrolman had taken a
heavy. dose of: paregoric and rock and
rye, medicinally, on top of liquor he
drank with his supper. - Mayor O'.ney
said he was willing to believe that the
paregoric, might have caused the trou
ble and he. voted to give Merrick an
other chance.
Thomas Mprrick Promises Xot to
Drink Intoxicants and Is Rrap
pointed to Be Policeman.
OAKLAND, July .1. — For the theft
of one ctuart of vin ordinaire Charles
M. McDermott went to jail this morn
ing for 100 days in default of the pay
ment of $200 fine imposed by Police
Judge Samuels. McDermott was
tempted by the sight of a measure of
red wine enticingly standing on a
shelf at Cardona's winery on Seventh
street. He emptied the vessel an.1
started away without offering an
equivalent. Cordona called the police
and the thirst-slaked wayfarer went
to jail.
Pays Dearly for Drink.
BAKERSFIELD, July 1.— Al Hulse,
convicted of murder in the second de
gree for killing W. E. Tibbett in the
battle with Outlaw Jim McKinney at
the josshouse in this city April 19 of
last year, was sentenced to-day by
Judge. Mahon" to life imprisonment in
Folsom.
When asked if he had anything to
say why sentence should not be pro
nounced upon him, Hulse arose and
stoutly declared his innocence. He said:
"I have been convicted of the crime
of murder by twelve men who should
be my peers, but I still maintain my
innocence of the crime. I lay blame
for my conviction to the newspapers
and the Sheriff's office."
When sentence was pronounced he
sank into his seat, clenched his hands
and gritted his teeth, and as the crowd
filed out he commenced talking rapidly
to his attorneys. He has given out the
statement that he is sorry the verdict
was not murder in the first degree,
with the death penalty.
James H. Howard, a market hunter,
was arrested this morning at Liver
more by Deputy Sheriff E. "J. Sweeney
and turned over to the Oakland police
on a charge of kidnaping his own son,
Vernon R. Howard, 10 years old. How
ard was detained at the City Prison.
The charge ! against the • father is
made by his former wife and mother of
the boy, Mrs. Mamie Kolloster. In a
contest before Superior Judge W. E.
Greene several days ago for the cus
tody of the boy and his sister, Martha
J. Howard, his Honor gave them into
the guardianship of their maternal
grandfather, Charles L. Badger.
It Is charged that Howard ignored
the order of court and took his son
from the Ladles' Relief Society home
at Alden the day after the battle in
court ended. Mrs. Kolloster followed
by swearing to a complaint charging
her former husband with kidnaping.
Howard and his former wife were di
vorced six years ago. Two years after
ward the father got possession of the
children and placed them in the Alden
home. Mrs. Kolloster claimed that the
father had not properly cared for the
children, having allowed them to roam
about the country with, him too much.
Vernon Howard and an older brother
were left at a camp near Livermore.
Officers were .sent to take charge of
them. The girl is with hep grandfather.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 1.
TAKES PLEDGE AXD IS
RESTORED TO DUTY
OAKLAND. July 1. — According to
the compromise arrived »t last' week
the last will of the late Gertrude. Goe'
wey Havens was admitted to psot>ate
to-day. The four Goewey brothers,
who had contested the probating -of
the will, withdrew their opposition
for S?600..and the will. leaving an in-!
terest in the Goewey Estate Company
valued at $30,000 to her- fnfant son.
was admitted to probate by Jud*ge
Greene. ?V. .a-*,.
Probate Havens Will.
Arrest Follows Removal of
Boy Who Had Been Given
Into Relative's Custody
Slayer of W. E. Tibbett at
Bakersfield Convicted of
Murder in Second Degree
HULSE DOOMED
TO LIFE TERM
SAYS FATHER
KIDNAPED SON
The settlement will be managed by
the board of trustees, on which the fol
lowing persons have been asked to
serve: President Wheeler, Professor
Ernest C. Moore, School Superinten
dent S. D. Waterman, Professor Adolph
C. Miller, Thomas Rickard, Frank M.
Wilson, Professor E. J. Wlckson,' the
Rev. E. C. Parsons, A. W. Naylor,
Paul Needham, 8. J. Sill. Friend W.
Richardson, J. T.- Renas, Thomas F.
Dowd, ' Christian Hoff, J. J. Donohue,
C. Engebretsen and Postmaster George
Schmidt. ¦ '!
BERKELEY, July 1.— Without half
trying the people interested in the
West Berkeley- Social Settlement have
already got promises of support, moral
and financial, from many of the friends
of the institution. The campaign has
not been fully launched yet, but whe^
it starts many others are ex
pected to yield to the influences being
brought to bear In behalf of the great
work. Hart Greensfelder, one of the
resident workers at the settlement, is
the leader of the campaign committee
and has received encouragement from
numerous sources. A board of trustees,
numbering among its members some
of the most prominent of the people
of Town and Gown, has been selected,
too, to assist in the perpetuation of the
work.
"It is surprising," Mr. Greensfelder
says, "the number of people interested
in the work. I. find that there is a
unanimous advocacy in its behalf. The
settlement has influenced the whole
West Berkeley district and it has come
to such a pass now that it can
not stop.
"It ought to be an easy matter to
raise $2500 to support the settlement
for a year. We ought not to fold our
arms simply because Mrs. Hearst has
withdrawn her support^ I think we
will be able to show that the friends
are so loyal to the settlement that they
are willing to make some sacrifices and
help us finance it. Perhaps in the fu
ture the burden will not be so heavy."
It will take all ot the $2500 to be
raised to pay for materials used by
the' children of the settlement and the
thousand and one incidental expenses.
Through Mrs. Hearst's generosity many
expenditures will be avoided. She has
relinquished all her interest in the
property of the home, which includes
the lot at Ninth and.Addison streets,
the tennis court,\ gymnasium, printing
room and house furnishings, so that it
will only need the money for actual
running expenses to carry on the
work. •
VVKST BERKELEY SOCIAL SETTLEMENT AND SOME OK THOSE WHO ARE INTERESTED IN THE CAMPAIGN WHICH
HAS BEEN INAUGURATED TO SECURE FUNDS TO CARRY ON THE WORK WHICH WAS BEGUN UNDER THE
PATRONAGE OF MRS. PHOEBE A. HEARST.
Carlston was away from his store
for some hours last night and when
h? returned he found the place had
been entered and about $50 worth of
cigars, tobacco and other thinga taken.
Constable Cramer was notified and ia
now on the search for the characters
seen about there.
OAKLAND. July 1. — Report of the
robbery of the store of Andy Carlston
on the San Leandro road, situated just
opposite the Lockwood School, reached
the Sheriff's office this afternoon and
the police are now on the lookout for
two suspicious characters who slept in
a haystack near Elmhurst last night.
The men had no money and early in
the evening were ordered out of sev
eral saloons and it is believed that they
are responsible for the depredation.
ROB COUNTRY STORE
OF CIGARS AND TOBACCO
Earl Bingham went with the Sierra Club to
the Tosemite.
Dr. and Mrs. G. Krwln BrinckerhoSf leave in
a day or eo for Mendoclno County for two
weeks of rest and recreation.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. % Harrison Clay have returned
from a delightful visit with the Will Prathers
in Montague, Shasta County.
Roblna Henry, the little daughter of Mrs.
Malcolm Henry, is visiting Mrs. John Charles
Adams and Miss Bobbie Adams for a few daya.
Mrs. Adams has not entirely recovered from
her recent illness yet, but Is able to be about.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Schrock and their little
daughter. Etta, are rusticating at McCray's, on
the Russian River.
James P. Taylor and his sister, Mies Grace
Trevor, have Just returned from that resort.
• • • •
It if. rumored that Miss Virginle de Fremery,
the clever musician who has for some time
acted as organist for the First Presbyterian
Church, has resigned. The fact that the splen
did new organ at the First Congregational
Church Is without a presiding genius since
Will King's recent resignation may have seme
thing to do with Miss de Kremcry's action, if
report is true.
OAKLAND. July 1.— There was a little fam
ily reunion law night at th v e Curdts' residence
on Merrimac street to witness the marriage of
Otto A. Curdt*. and Miss Blanche Chrlsman.
The young people had made up their minds
only the day previous to thus end an engage
ment that has been an open secret for some
time. The . bride, who was formerly a San
Jose girl, has been residing with her sister in
Kara for several months ana came to Oakland
V\ v ednesoay to visit th« groom's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. C. E. Curdt*. It was at their home
that th? weddlhtr took place and the new mem
ber of the family was welcomed with the free
and gracious hcspitality which is a well known
Curdts characteristic.
Judge Quinn tied the nuptial knot. Among
those who witnessed the ceremony were Dr.
and Mrs. H. B. Mehrmann, Mr. and Mrs. Abe
L<«?ach and Dr. Carl E. Curdts, the latter offi
ciating as best man. Miss Eda Curdts attend
ed the brld». . ...
The groom In a successful young contractor
and builder of this city. He and his bride will
make their home here.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
FAMILY REUNION.
Not satisfied with taking all of
Charles Gilmartin's money, three
masked highwaymen last night beat
him Into insensibility in a lonely part
of West Berkeley. The thugs were
evidently displeased with Gilmartin
because he had only 12 in his pockets
and so proceeded to take some satis
faction out of his person.
Gilmartin was set upon late in the
evening while going from his duties
at the West Berkeley Ink Works. The
men jumped out from a dark place in
the street and leveling revolvers at
him compelled-him to give up hi3 (2
in cash. One of the thugs took the
money with an oath and then knocked
Gilmartin down. The man's com
panions followed his example, and
helped to kick and beat their victim.-
Gilmartin came to his senses some
time later and made his way to his
home. His face bears the marks of.
the highwaymen's blows.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 1.
Footpads Beat Charles Gilmartin
After Relieving Him of All the
Cash in His Pockets.
VICTIM'S LACK OF MONEY
DISPLEASES HIGHWAYMEN
Works appointive bodies, instead of
elective, as they have been for eight
years. Under a former charter the
Commissioners . were named by the
Mayor. It is also in the mind of the
Mayor to urge a number of amend
ments looking toward a revision of
the. charter provisions covering the
reerulation of street construction.
. These are in a tentative condition as
yet, but the project to radically revise
the charter has been shaping itself for
some time in the officials' thoughts.
Commissioner McElroy suggested
that the furtner consideration of the
subject be laid over until the bond elec
tion had been disposed of, and that was
the action.
First in the list of proposed amend
ments, as Indicated by Mayor Olney,
is one to make the Boards of Police
and Fire Commissioners and of Public
Informal discussion was had to-day
in the Board of Public Works concern
ing a. proposition to submit amend
ments to the city charter to vote of
the people. Mayor Olney and Commis
sioner Turner were of the opinion that
the City. Council might be invited to
hold of the matter, that an elec
tion might be called immediately after
the bond election shall have been held.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
" . 1016 Broadway, July 1.
In'order to fix the age of the'eave. as
definitely es possible Dr. ; Sinclair has
made comparisons with the fossllerous
deposits at Silver Lake, Or. The Silver
Lake fauna is quaternary, estimated
to be between 1,000,000 and 2,*000,000
years old. and the caye is_ probably of
about the same age. as the proportion
of living to extinct species Is practically
the same. The caye lies on. the crest of
a cpur that Is now 1500 feet above the
Th*.c«ve fauna .is .not too old to negative the
Idea of contemporaneity with man. There can
be little- doubt that if man reached the North
American cenU.ient during the Quaternary It
was by way of the land bridge which then
united Alaska with Siberia at Bering Strait.
Thla land connection permitted the migration
cf many of the mammals now cemmon to the
most nortnern part* of bcth continents It
scemx reasonable to expect that pome of. the
earllett. traces cf man In N'crth America would
|i> found on the Pacific Coaet, where the cli
mate was congenial and food supply abundant
\\ htk- the eactcrn portion of the continent was
nihmeic-.-a beneath the ice sheet. Glaciatlon in
California lias never been general, occurring
o;ly at the higher altitude]-. At its maximum
the coast was almost as well adapted to human
habitation ne it is to-day.
The cave may have been easily accessible to
man. cr may have bern so far from his habita
tion that he would prefer not to visit it fre
quently. A fragment of modern Indian basket
work ws found on the surface near the top,
indicaticLC that the "entrance chambers may
have be*n used occasionally In recent yean
¦r a place of rtorage. There wj« nothing to
indtcete they had be«n used In prehistoric
timer II eeems probable that the main cham
ber of the cave once had free communication
with the surface. tha» serving -as a. pitfall to
catch unwary animals. The accumulation of
human remains in such a pitfall would be of
rare occurrence, depending '• upon accidents
agatnet which the superior Intelligence of man
would protect him.
No trace of human remains was
found in the- cave by the scientists. It
is possible that early man may have
been in existence in the region and his
remains yet have escaped preservation.
On this subject Dr. Sinclair says:
While the explanation of the presence
-of 'xhe' polish may readily apply to the
irregularly shaped objects, Dr. Sinclair
thinks the beveled edges or notcned
bases of others- convey a strong impres
sion of definite purpose -in their fash
ioning. Concluding his opinions on this
subject' he says:
**The writer does not feel justified in
asserting: positively the human origin
of the relics, .believing that we require
stronger evidence than it has yet been
possible to- obtain before such a state
ment can be made." \
Much cf the. material collected in the
cave consists of sharp-edged bone
splinters, which were found at all
depths in the ; bone-bearing deposits.
Of these Dr. Sinclair says that, since
other suggestions fall, to explain them
satisfactorily, it is not beyond the lim
its of possibility that they were made
through the agency of man. The sug
gestion thAt they are the work of man
seems open to the fewest objections.
XO HUMAN REMAINS.
. The'.jwjilshed' bones closely resemble
many -of- the' rough implements from
the shell mounds of California. Dr.
Max Uhle. the archaeologist, believes
that Vh^se implements were originally
splinters accidentally formed in break
ing iix> long -bones. Favorable pieces
were selected because they had sharp
ppints and these wtrr"e\polish.ed for use.
ihe point has often been . bevc.ed by
rubbing On onejside.
To settle, as far as possible, all ques
tion regarding the nature find origin of
these polished bones, every fragment
dis.eover-cd during the excavation of
the cave was preserved. These frag
ments* were a'ftorward submitted to
examination' for traces of polishing and
nptchfes. - Many specimens show dif
ferent .degrees of polish and consider
able variety, of form.- Some of* the
fragments, however, "bear no relation
to any known form of implement, and
.this, suggests the idea that they have
all" been made' in some other way than
through the agency of man, the rough
implement- like form being purely a
ciiance occurrence. .The polish is
thought to be' due to the association
of the bones- with dripping gravel, the
action-' of which gave them gloss and
fcinoothncss. . .
like Korun Implements.
:¦ Dr. Sinclair says that much time was
devoted, during the search of the cave
to' -the .quest ¦ for' human .remains and
.implements; Some of these rude imple
ments'are'pointed et the ends and
fcbmv indications of beveling and pol
ishing.-.Others show distinct notches
'on "ithei'r surfaces, arid still others are
rounded. • . The. considerable depth at
which the specimens were found in un
disturbed earth indicate that they are
jio-t. of recent origin. •
; -in pursuing :their researches the sci
entists Vhave preferred to. study the
bones and; fragment*'- exhumed from
the iamous Potter Creek cave, in'Shas
ta-fcunty,. Which has- yielded some
specimens of prehistoric life that' are. of
inestiiriable value • "to. the scientific
world.. ;. The .results of these investiga
tions are ' -sly-en to the piibiic for the
prey rim'e in .a buiretfn issued by the,
university" to-day . under the title of
"The Exploration. of the Potter Creek
Caye," The -author is Dr. William J.
Sinclair of .the ' paleontology depart
ment of the university. He received
valuable assistance, in his wdrk from
Professor John- C. Merriam. Dr. C.
Hart Merriarh; Dr.. David Starr Jordan
ami. others.
Did human beings, roam the wastes
of Calif br/iia -in. a : prehistpric period,
fray between 1 ;0O0.OO0 'and 2.000,000 years
iigo., when ..the. %yhole topographical
character of the country was different
from its present state? This question
the scientists of. (he. University of Cali
fornia' are frying to solve through a
Bludyflf the. fossil remains fo;und in the
iimest one caves -of the State. They are
¦siiii undetermined whether the remains
are those of human. beings or of gigan
tic •extinct animals. - ; ; , -
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
•:-;'*- 214S Center. Street, July'L.
Auditor Breed has in hand the state
ment of municipal finances for the last
fiscal year. It will show a satisfactory
condition.
Compilation of the sanitary* and
hygienic statistics shows a death rate
for the ,year of 12.82 to each 1000 of
population. These figures are based on
an estimated population of 83,00). The
expenses of the Health Department for
1903-'04 were $15,702 85, which is J10S3 25
less thau the preceding fiscal year.
During the fiscal' year closed June 30
there were 753 buildings constructed
in this city. Such is the record from the
Health Department.
The structures are divided in the fol
lowing classes:
Churches 2, balls 2. horpltals 1. theaters 1.
banks 1. factories 2. private dwelling* 5<X*.
stores and dwellings 21. additions t«.'. new work
in old buildings ltt, warehouses 1. flats 133.
This record is far in excess over any
previous year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 1.
Scheme Purposes to Remove
the Commissioners From
the Elected Officials' List
Figures Show That Oakland
Had LowDeath' Kate Dur
ing Last Twelye Months
AVilliam X Sinclair Tells
About • lielicsj .That May
Ueveal Ancestry of Euce
Mae E. *n<t George K. Hardy' to Francl*
R. Wardle. lot on NE corner of Montgomery
arid John strtct3, N 200 by B 123. lots 7 and ¦
S. block 3. plan of Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
Isabella and E. O. George to .F. P- Wright. *
lot on N line ot Thirtieth street. «T» E cf
Grove. E Xt». by N lto. portion .of lot -lit block .
20^0. map of A. J. Snyder resubUrvl>lon of
portion of blocX ZC53, Rowland Tract. Oak»
ian«l; $10. 1 ; .-'
Wllhelmena Schutthels et al." to Patrick
J. and ElUn Connolly, lot un 3 line of Cleve
land avenue. UU.C5 C of Tel-srap!i av«uue. •
E 52 by S 1C0. let 50. Lirid-n H.: Oakland; $U» .
Hattie M. and I'au! >;. Albrechl. -u Ste. !>••:>
II. Covtrt, lot on H nne of Yhirty-nril\ s.re»«.
(Vt'aUon). Ml:lt E of. San faolo avenue. K
:>."> t.y .-? l'lt»:ni » W .»> N to iwnsins. being
W «& feet oi lot' IS. OmM Tract, uakund; slf .
Eiizabtth IT. and tivorge 8L Haly to iladliy
F. Clan-age (single), lot on t*ti. corner $J •
Franklin and Walnut or Twenty -.-.eeond *tr«<t*..
E 35 by S lw, block .U, ftKtflC Jlornl-sieaa. .
Oakland; Jltt . . • * • "
Mabtl and Fred Ilamblrton to J. K Nielsen. .
lot on MV line of Santa CUra (Moss) avenue.
Xki.it'! $tl ot Oak. an. 1 avenue. »51£ 43.JW: »W #
1*7.47. >W 45:1 NK IZ£B&. poriiori uf l»t •ll». .
biock J. Flint liact No. ». Oakland; $11* .
Annir and Freiier.ck • r trunof 10 -EhaabetU. .
and Arthur Logan.' lot en NE line -.of Kj.C
Nia«.tenth street. Uu N» o; Twrnty-fou.tr>
avenue. NW :^> by NE 13o. belns sSE JS f&«t
of lot u. biock 1, man of tut'division M Asso
ciatts" Tract. East Oakland: *lv. • • ' ¦•
Jo-eph J. and Barbara Ma-^n to Edmun*
O'Neill, let an "\V iine or Col.ege avenue. l-»t» ¦
S of Parkrr street S tro by \V 139. 4>. portloa
of lots 4 and 5. block 4. ftl»fat»« proptrty. .<*¦
rt.ubaivlsion of block* U an.t H. Htllega?* .
Tract. Berkeley; $10. .
A. L. ana tn.ily &. Sobey to- IEObai Ssjeed
nan. lot on S lit^e of Blake street. M>J:tJ -\\ of
t'tlton, W 5«> by S l.io. lot *. tte-fl« Tract..
UtikHty; HO.
Jofern barker to Joel II. Lynn, lots 6 and .
7. block B flat t'fcrty Tract. 1. as fetrlp '5" wl«l-»
off W end. t«Ui«n tor wjd-ntnj{ S.^attuck avi.-.
nue. Berkeley; $10. .. '
William H. Martin to W. J. Martin »*>n).
lot on N lin? of Kal'.road avenue, lw .E of.. _
V.cod street. E 5(> by N 150. Ic.ta J. ami *f. - •
, block 1. Cbapin Tract. Alam«U; tU%. ' .
Andrew Frank twldowor) to." Joseph FaJoU
(sln«I*>. lot on N line of Seventh ft»-<;<t. 75 >\ •
oi Clay. W 75 by N luo. lot* Zi -to rv. biock".
74, Kellersberxers map. Oakland: *H>.
Aueusta E. and Christian Schri^xr to
Michael Walsh, lot en • W. Iin« of Willow
street. 55:»:'-- S of Lincoln. S -23:."^ ' by W
90, block A, map Tolaml Tract, on Seward and .
Lincoln streets. Oakland Point, etc.. Oakland;
?)0.
Ida M. and M. W. Alexander- to Aaron 'A. . .
and Ettie Lewl». lot on X line of Br^ckhurst j
street. 122.33 E of W-st. X .I(il.:i5:' E. :JU:«. A
to N line of Brockhurst at point Z'2.n E.from
becinnlns. W 32:6 to herinnin* of blocfc I"", i
map Khowinx portions of blocks F and G. Cen
tral Lar.d Company's property. Oakland: 510...
Emma O. Anderson fwlfe of «*harles n.> to
D. T. and Ntutle MacArthur. lot 44. map No*
2. Glen Echo Tract, portion of Kellersberger"*
Tint 1*. Oaklanrt: *1O. ... ,
Calvin B. an 1 Sarah E. Whlt» to Clar* "T~A
Mitchell (widow>. lot on E line of .Lind'n^
:>tr?et. «:0 S of Thirtieth. .8 37;« by E 90.
portion lot " b!ccic A. Golden Gate Homsstewl. ;
Ofjcland; $10.
Kather'.nc Pairrt«»- <ORourke> (wife of C. t>.>
tr Sarah C O'Tlourk" «s!nifle». l»t on NW tur
ner cf Fortieth str<»»t cr • Evoy avxmnft" tnd
Telegraph avenue; X :U> by.W ldO. portfnYi 'lf't
' 1, map No. 2 Montgomery Tract.- Oakland: $1">. '
Pavi.l IT. and Nettie M. Stanagft to R. .A. .
Pickle and \V A. Iffuicow. lot on P line cf '
J-'ha»ta or Fifty-firth street. 12a B- «f O«nda.
K 4ftbv ? i:O, tot 4 block S. A>pln» Tract*.
Oakland; $10. . - ' ' . "
Kcbecc % and H'rnian Prucker to IiuMa A.
Ndwn lot »n S'.V line of EMrt Tir»nty-(lr<t ¦
itreet, ' 101 W from W Mine of Twepty-thjrM .
avenue. W ."«> hv S ICft b'i --<< P «»h<1lvt8ibn 5!l -
A.'Jociates Tract. East Oaklani: $10
Charles D. Heywood to Tbeodore HoMftscn
i «marT»e<l). lot on'E Un" of MHvla street. 2\ O
N of Vine, X 10 hy E l-".5. rortlcn, lot"T4. blotrtf
2. iSraves* & Taylor Tract. B<»rki^fv:" $K>. • '" '
Albert P. and Jennie Edward* tolilary John
ston iwldow). lot on V lint? of Hllgirri »vi>n». •
200 AV of Pcenfc. W SO b'v N~ 123. let 7, block ;
5. Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $NV
Louis and !^tte II. Tltui>' to .Leah S. Mi-- ,
Reynold, bfylr.ninjr at" lnter« > ction "f cent'-r
line of Laure! avenue with TV Mr" of land? r>r
W T. Surh. thence- SE ZTl.Mfr. : NW 22.4. NtV :
' 44.' P\V 57 SYV «T. N"W ItX NyV .•U5..V). NF;
¦ 111. NE ' 127. NE IBS. to b^jrinnms. lots 2~:
and 2>i I'niversify Hellfhts. expectlnu that por-]'
tlon oi Laur?l Spring and' Strawberry {|venue«(
' contained within pbove .description as pftr rafa'"
i man. Berkeley: $10.
H. H. and Lena Kooser tr> Bernard Payt«n
Kco?er. lot on N line of Pacific avenue-. 1f2:tl .
! W of Walnut *treet. W .17 :« by N 150. portion ¦¦
of lot 7. block 25.- lands adjacent .to ; Enclnat.- »
dee<1 matt* to correct. errors in W< t>. SfEi Ala
rneda; sift.
Jarr.es and Elizabeth" Art'lisrir to OeorK? L.. *
Harris, let on N line o# Ea«le avenue S4^ .R*
of Willow street. E 42 .by N \U\ ' block In
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10. •" ;
Alainetla County.
Friday, ji'lt 1;
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HEALTH'BOAED REPORTS
BONES PUZZLE EXPERTS
FAYOES APPOINTMENTS
Mayor Discusses Plan With
Brother Members of the
Board of Public Works
Scientists at the University
Search Potter Creek Cave
. for .Remains of Humans
Extensive Operations Mark
the Fiscal Year Which Is
Ended With Last of June
AIMS CHANGING
THE CHARTER
NEW BUILDINGS
MAKE RECORD
TRY TO TRACE
MAN'S PRESENCE
SOCIAL SETTLEMENT PLANS
INTEREST WEST BERKELEYANS
Prominent Citizens Give Energies to Promulgating the
Work and Signs Are That Ample Funds Will Be
Raised to Carry Out the Desires of Its Friends
OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
STRUCK BT CAR.-^Oakland. June 1.— H. E.
"Woleott of the i real estate firm of Merrltt &
Wolcott. 952 •< Broadway, . was struck by an
electric car this morning while crossing Tenth
street And - Broadway on a bicycle. Wolcott
was bruised and cut.
ESTATE TO CHARITY.— Oakland. Jul£l.—
The will of the late Georgia Dobbs, who
formerly conducted a millinery store here, was
admitted to probate to-day. She leaves an es
tate valued at about f 2600 to A. S. Bolton for
charitable ¦ purposes.
RESIDENCE RANSACKED.— Oakland. July
1. — E. Anderson's residence. »tUS Grove street.
was entered by a burglar yesterday afternoon
and $19 waii stolen.
DALTON GARNISHEES.— Oakland. July 1.
County Assessor Henry P. Dal ton" to-day gar
nisheed the Jun- salaries of 1T3 city employes
to collect poll MX.
sea level. At the. time when the cave
deposit was accumulating 1 ; the Me-
Cloud River flowed at a level not much
lower than the bottom of the'eave, but
the changes in the topography of the
country : caused by earthquakes and
volcanic upheavals has caused it to
sink to a much lower leveL
6
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND,
to*" BroatUvay.
Telephone Jlnln'1033.
RKKKEIJEY. ?. % .,
2 US Center Street.
Telephone North 77. ,
ALAMKDA.
1433 Part Street. -
Telephone AJametto 5^9*
ADVTBTISEMENTJ. .
At* You Interested in the Condition of Your
TEETH/?
Do you want them to l«ok well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be out of your mouth ' if they have
passed beyond usefulness. " To "bb Ailed •
with a permanent composition If de-
cayed? Do you -want to have the aecos- .
sary
DEN.TML. VA/ORK.
Done at moderate cost? .If you do, •
come to .
Posl-Graduate Dental College,
3 TAYLOB ST.. 3AIT TSA2TCZSOO.
973 "Wasitaarton St.. OaJtfaaO.
San Jo«o. - • • fecnmt&taFROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
• Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 1 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of t;de is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JULY 2.
Sun rises ..4:51
Sun sets 7:35
Moon rises 10:27 p. m.
O Tlmel Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
y.HW L.W HW LW
~2 1:40 4.3 8:18 0.B 3:38 4.8 8:46 3^2
3 2:27 4.0 8:53 0.9 4:13 4.9 9:50 3.0
4 3:22 3.8 9:13 1.3 4:49 5.0 10:58 2.7
5 4:20- 3.6 10:22 1.6 5:26 6.011:50 2.1
6 5:42 3.4 11:12 1.0 6:02 6.2 ..........
1, XV ¦¦- H W . L. W H W
7 | 0:45 l.tt 7:00 ¦ 3.4 12:0S 2.2 0:44 5.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in. the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tho last tide of, the
day, except when there are but three tides, u
Notice to Passengers.
' Baggage ' transferred to : and ' from all trains.
steamers, etc./ at low rates. . One trunk (single
trip) 35 > cents ; : round . trip 60 cents. ¦ Morton
Special Delivery, 30S Taylor St., 650 Market st..
Oakland Ferry depot. PheM Bxchnnw U. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 1. 1904. • .
The, ¦ Time. , Ball on , the tower i of ; the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e., at noon of, the. 120th meridian, or at 8
p 'm.; Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
.. Lieutenant. U. S. N., la chars*.
Bometlmes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
eign precedes ; ,the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from ; the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Fourth of July at Del Monte.
If you want-quiet aport, a game of
golf on the links, a dip in the surf, or
salmon fishing on Monterey Bay, why
not go to Hotel del Monte for your
Fourth of July holiday?
Round-trip rate, including two days'
8tay-at the hotel. $10. . Tickets good
leaving San Francisco Saturday, or Sun
day, returning Monday or Tuesday. •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Well Known Sporting Men Said to Be
Behind Company Taking Seal
Rock House.
Eddie Graney and other sporting
men of local prominence are said to
be behind the enterprise named in ar
ticles of incorporation filed yesterday
by the Seal Rock Company. The cor
poration, it is understood, will take
over the Seal Rock House and will
improve the pavilion and other sur
roundings in order to make an ideal
resort on the beach.
The articles filed state the purposes
of the concern to establish amusement
places, hotels, restaurants, stables' and
salt water baths, and to run, pipe lines
to convey water, from the Pacific
Ocean to the city of San Francisco.
The capital stock is $100,000 and the
incorporators are George Mitchell,
Harry Conn,' John Kenendy, Frank J.
Burke and William. Blakely.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway ft Way Ports. July 3
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 5
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael. . July 6
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July 7
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 9
Bertha Kodlak & Way Ports. July 10
Garonne Nome via Golovln Bay. July. 10
Olympia Nome direct July 10
Cottage City. I Skagway & Way Ports. July 12
ftooper • Files- His Report.
Policeman W. T. Hooper. In charge
of the cruelty to animals'" detail, filed
trl* report with Chief Wlttman for last
Tj*onth yesterday. He had investigated
_?\-,,cast« of ivorklng lame horses. 23
galled,; 3 sick, 11 worn out and 2 of
beating and whipping. He had prose
<:ut<id 14 cases, obtained 6 convictions,
S- "were, dismissed and 5 are pending.
The fines amounted to $105. Two
h-orses; or.e cat and two dogs had been
killed. He had examined 907 grading
an3 hauling teams. 3. glandered horses
and had ordered -207 coops of chickens
Watered and taken out of the sun.
NEW BEACH RESORT FILES
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
Fires Shots at Burglar.
John McCarthy. 99 South Broderick
street, reported to the police yesterday
that late Wednesday night he heard
a noise in a shed where he had a
wireless telephone apparatus. He and
his brother, Francis, went out to in
vestigate and saw a man breaking the
lock of the door. The man fled at
their approach and McCarthy fired
three shots at him. He thinks one of
the bullets took effect, as the man was
seen to stumble.
Tonnage Engagements.
The British bark Auldgrlrth will load general
cargo hen» for Liverpool or London, and the
ehip George Curtis will return to Honolulu with
a similar cargo. I
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 1.
Stmr Greenwood. Walvlr. 15 hours from
Rursian Gulch. • '
8tmr P A Kllburn. Jahnsen. 7 hours from
Port Rodger*. ¦„_".. ,
Btmr Brooklyn, Johnaon, 13 hour* from
Mendoclno. . „ ._ *
Stmr Pomona, Swamon, 18 hours from
Etmr Newsboy, Adler, 41 houra from Cres-
Ce Btmr Curacao, Paulsen. 13 days from Guay
mar, via Eneenada 62 hours.
Stmr Centralla, Erickson. 45 hours from San
Pedro
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett, 22 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Bktn Kohala, Bedrick, 66 days from New
castle. Aua.
Bktn W H Dimond, Hansen, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Alice McDonald, Bender, 9 y days from
Everett.
Schr Bessie K, Etark, 16 hour* from San
Vicente Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 1.
Stmr Whlttier. Dlckson. , Portland: Union
Oil Company. •
Stmr Hanta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
1 way pom: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Jstmr Bonita. Preble. San I^dro and way
porU; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
SAILED.
Friday. July 1.
U S stmr Sherman. BniKuiere. Manila.
U S Etmr Buford. -Hall. Alaska.
Stmr Cabrlllo. Harvey, San Pedro.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Strar K A Kllburn, Jahnsen,, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Costa Rica. Randall, Astoria.
Ktmr Glosy Leland. Santa Cruz.
Simr Klizabeth, Jensen, Bandon.
fitmr Coronado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Centralla. Erickson. Grays Harbor.
Fr bark Belen/'Boudrot, Queenstown.
Schr Jecsie Minor Jorgcnson, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LQBOS. July 1. 10 'b m— Weather
To Tow nolllswood.
The .Epreckels tug Dauntless left yesterday
/or San Pedro to tow to this port the bark Hol-
Ilswood. which put Into the southern harbor a
few days ago in distress.
Ping Sucy Breaks Shaft.
The British steamer Ping Suey, from Ta
coma for Liverpool, is drifting at sea with a
broken ehaft. : A boat from the disabled vessel
reached Scilly yesterday with news of the ac
cident. The Ping Suey*s position was given as
latitude 49 north, longitude 7 west. Assistance
has been sent. - sV '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
July 2.
Chico Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Kel Hlver Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Mariposa... Tahiti direct' 11 am Pier 7
City Panam K. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Jeanie Seattle &¦ Tacoma. 5 pmlPier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am | Pier 13
July 3. |
S. Rosa.... San Diego Sl Way. 9 amlPler 11
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p|Pier 9
July 5. |
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 20
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m|Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Umatilla... Fuget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
• July 6 |
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2 !
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Coos Bay. . • San Pedro *: Way. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
July 7. |
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm'Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Sierra Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11 \
July 8. {
Alliance.... Kureka & Coos Bay S pmlPier 16
Sequoia.... "TVillapa Harbor .. 4 pmjPier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 10
July 9.
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 20
Aurelia Astoria &' Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Queen Puget Round Ports. 11 am Pier »
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
July 10.
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
July 11.
Et. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 84
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
July IS. | |
Rainier Seattle & Belllnghm! 4 pmlPier 10
The Overdue List.
Th» German ship Willy Rickmers, a' case-oi!
carrier, which was placed en the re
insurance list at 7 per cent. owing
to m. report of wreckage found along
the path she had traveled, was taken off
the board yesterday, the vessel having been
spoken May 24 in 35 degrees north. 40 degrees
west. The British ship Sierra Miranda, out 121
days from Rangoon for Una- Grande, was placed
on the overdue list yesterday at 10 per cent.
The Parknook is quoted at 40 per rent, the
Wynford at 15 per cent and the Juteopolls,
Queen Elizabeth. La Rouchefoucald and I^argo
Law at 7 per cent.
TO SAIL.
Inspector Bulger Replies to Charge
That Unfit Vessels Have Been
Passed for Service.
The United States inspectors of
steam vessels at this port declare that
great injustice has been done them by
the criticisms of an evening paper,
which, taking the disaster on the
General Slocum at New York as a text,
declares that the local inspectors have
been negligent in passing unseaworthy
vessels as fit for service.
Inspector John K. Bulger, speaking
for himself and Inspector Bolles, said
last evening: ',>>•-
It Is charged that at the time of the Klon
dike rush "nearly all the floating coffins of the
world came to the port of San Francisco and
were allowed by the Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers to ply their nefarious trade to Alaska."
An honest man will not make an accusation
of that eort without backing It with names.
Let tho evening newspaper give us the names
of any unseaworthy vessel that we passed dur
ing either the Klondike or the Philippine rush
Can its editors name any such boat passed by
us? If not, he should withdraw his general
ization.
The facts directly contradict his assertion.
We condemned many vessels. The Professor
Morse, which had been passed by the inspect
ors at New Orleans, was brought round here
for the Alaskan trade, 'but we condemned her
and her bones are now lying over at Oakland.
Not a single accident due to unseaworthiness
occurred on any • vessel passed by us, either
for the Philippine or for the Alaskan trade.
If unfit boats were engaeed in the Alaskan
business, they did not go from this port. We
have no jurisdiction at Seattle I or outside of
San Francisco.
We have steadfastly condemned every boiler
or hull that was unsound, and we challenge
contradiction on this point, not in glittering
generalities, but with names of the unfit ves
sels which it is claimed were- passed by us..
"McElroj?. Also Promoted — Office Trans
' act* Unusual Amount of Busl
:-. „ ness During June..
" JCharles C. Morris, with his left
•"•wir.g"! in a sling because of a recent
fcccidenC canfe near losing the use of
"his-^ ri,ght arm. yesterday because
fCour.ty- Clerk John J. Greif appointed
him "as chief- deputy to succeed ¦¥¥¦!!
llain. A. Deane. .who has gone into the
"Federal, service In the Indian depart-
Jiieni. The "contest for tne chief dep
utyship. h^s been fierce between the
ifrf^Rds* of. Morris- and those of James
-R. -McEIroy. court clerk in Judge
Floss* .department. After, choosing
ilorris for- his chief, deputy Greif did
irU . proper thing by promoting Mc
.E-froy to the "complaint desk." This
rneap's an "advance in salary of $25 a
month'for McEIroy and deprives Judge
.Fi«Fa[ of a popular' clerk. McElroy's
Buccesseff . in Judge Sloss* department
has not .yet been, chosen. . • . .'v
The following report of the business
of the County Clerk's office, was issued
yesterday i : ¦ ;
.She. receipts for iune. 1904, are the largest
£u>irj? the .present administration, amounting
to' 46154 60, excluslT-i; or the amount collected
for tiie Law Library, "which "was $619, Tb*
erovtf anrount exceeds . the receipts of June,
l»03:. by -5710 W) and. those of June, 1902, by
$1204. The receipt! cf the office from Jan
uary. 1." 1904. to- and .Including June 30, 1904,
•«jnpuiite<r to $33;7t>7. ' . •
Durlnettt month. of June 445 civil actions
lw«r* . beciin in the office, of which 131 wen
actions- for tflvorc* and .thlrty-thre* were at
.tachnsents, Fifty-one Insane persons were ex
•nfined; et whom twenty were discharged, and
'tfclrtr-one -committed to the different insane
aeylurn*.* . . ' •
Mnetjriaix -incorporations were) filed during
'the mont'h.
Marriage licenses issued cumbered 643.
NO UXSEAWORTHY BOATS
SAIL FROM THIS PORT
COUNTY' CLK.RK GREIF MAKES
... * MORRIS CHIEF ASSISTANT
No Agreement With Health Board
Reached Because of Radical
Stand Taken by It.
The Supervisors' Health Committee
met yesterday for the purpose of hear
ing objections to dairymen to the
rules and regulations which the
Board of Health desires to be incor
porated into an ordinance for the san
itary conduct of dairies. The attorney,
for the dairymen said that the confer
ence held with the Board of^Health
was not entirely satisfactory and the
changes proposed were too radical.
He asked that the matter be taken up
again with the Board of Health before
final action by the committee.
M. Pullman did not think it advis
able to have another conference, say
ing that no agreement would ever be
reached on some rules that he termed
unreasonable. For instance, the
Health Board did not want barley
used for cows' food, whereas Pullman
argued experience had taught that
barley was good food. This statement
was corrected, it being the use of sour
barley that was reported against.
Dr. "Ward, president of the Health
Board, refused to consent to another
meeting and presented the findings of
the conference, saying an agreement
had been reached. The dairymen
claimed there was a misunderstanding,
as the recommendations were too
drastic. The recommendations were
taken up seriatim and the objections
of the dairymen were heard. These
related to ventilation, the provision
l[or window space, the double floors
for barns and the 'drainage distance.
The discussion on both sides be
came very lively and Dr. Ward asked
the attorney for the dairymen if he
meant " that the Health ' Board had
been tampering with the rules. The
attorney replied that Dr. Ward could
not put him in that position. Fur
ther hearing of the matter was post
poned until next "Wednesday at 10
a. m.
Curacao Brings Treasure.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao, Captain Paulsen, arrived yesterday
afternoon from Guaymas and way ports. She
brought 1260 tons of cargo, which included
coffee, sugar and some large shipments of ore.-
She also brought trs?asure valued at $700,000.
Among her passengers were many mining
men and their families. Mrs. T. H. Vlosca,
wife of the American Consul at La Paz, came
ur> on the liner. She was accompanied bv h«*r
three children and her sister. Miss Laura
HHalgo. V.
The Curacao's paseengers Included the fol
lowing: Laura Hidalgo. Ysabel H. Vlosea.
Laura Vlosca. Ysabel Viosca. Rosa Vlosca,
Mrs. E. P. Ruffo. Antonio Ruffo. Enrique Ruf
fo, Charles A. Pearson. Mrs. L. M. Pearson.
C. C. Maltmann. D. Torres. Alflna Marcor. Ra
fael Marcor, Alice Marcor, Maria Marcor. T. B.
Dillon, Miss E. A. Riley, Miss Adolald Garay
yar J. E. Lacy, Mrs. J. E. Lacy. Dell Llnder
mann. Guillermo Hall, William F. Wilson,
Mrs.' R. C. Martlnex.
MILKMEN FILE OBJECTIONS
TO DAIRY REGULATIONS
Steamer. From. Due.
Gaelic China & Japan July 2
San Mateo. . . Tacoma July 2 |
Wyefield Nanaimo July 2
San Pedro San Pedro July 2
Arctic Humboldt July S
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July-' 3
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. 'Orford. July 3
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor .July 3 1
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 8
G. Dollar San Pedro July 4
Totmes Hamburg & Way Ports. July 4
Corona Humboldt .......July 4
North Fork... Hnmboldt July 4
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. July 4
Breakwater. . Coos Bay July S
Sequoia Willapa Harbor July 5
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 5
Kureka Humboldt July 5
Newburg Grays Harbor July fi i
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. July 5
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... July 5
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma July 5
R. Dollar Hakodate July 3 I
Redondo Portland & Astoria July 8!
Alliance Portland & Way Port*. July 8|
Argo Kel River Ports July 6!
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. . July 6
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. ... July «'
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River July 7
Pomona .' Humboldt ..'July 7 1
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. July 7
Barracouta New York via Panama. July 7
Point Arena.. Mondoclno & Pt. Arena July 7
Santa Rosa..- San Diego & Way Pts. July 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. July 7
Rainier Seattle & Belllnghara. July 7
Costa Rica... Portland & Astoria July 8
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports I July 10
Hawaiian New York via Coronel.JJuly 11
Luxor Seattle Uuly 11
Alameda Honolulu July 12
Ramses Hamburg &>Way Ports. July 12
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Schuetzen Park Picnic Promises to
Be a Banner • Event in Vaca
tion History.
The Union Printers' Mutual Aid So
ciety's picnic, which takes places at
Schuetzen .Park, near San Jose, . to
morrow, promises to be the banner
outlngr.in the history of the society.
Nothing 1 has been left, undone by the
committee of arrangements to insure
a pleasant. time for all who attend., It
is safe to say that the eighteenth an
nual reunion will be the most pleasant
in the annals of printerdom. A large
number of gate and game, prizes will
be distributed and the bowling tourna
ment, under the direction of Leo
Michelson, captain of the Old Crow
Bowling:^ Club,; promises to b| quite^: a
feature.^ Ml J. LynchTof "The 7 Call. will
be floor manager. ¦ -- ..
The committee of arrangements is
composed of P. J. Cotter (chairman),
C. J. Cullen (secretary), G. E. Mitchell
(treasurer), J. J. Gerran and Farley
Lewis.
Trains will leave the Third and
Townsend streets depot at 9:15 a. m.,
but will not stop at Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets. Tickets can be pro
cured from any member of the so
ciety and at the depot on the morning
of the picnic.
PRINTERS TO TAKE OUTING
XEAR SAX-JOSE TO-MORROW
Trumpet at Fort Point,
j A great improvement, of which all naviga
"j tors of the bay and adjacent waters are loud
la their approval, has Just been installed and
is designated in- the records of the United
States Lighthouse Department as the "Fort
Point Da boll trumpet." The old bell, which
has warned incoming ships of the dangers
concealed in the waters of the Golden Gate
j and has sounded the death knell of many a
, cailant seaman, has been superseded by a
j more effective contrivance. The bell will not
hereafter be heard except in tho clearest
weather and as an auxiliary only.
It has been demonstrated, owing to certain
atmospheric condition;, that the sound of a
' .bell at sea level, especially during the preva-
I lence of fogs, is deceptive and at times diffi
cult to locate, even by the most experienced
Beaman. The presence of bluffs in the vicinity
of Fort Point increases this difficulty, owing
to .the echoes which are Incidental to the lo
cality. No matter how familiar the navigator
j may be with the geography of the bay, there
j are times when to determine the distance or
j direction of the clang of a bell is entirely be
yond his powers.
For this reason the Government has installed
the new apparatus, which emits ' a sound in
short, sharp blasts and will be easily discerni
ble over an area six to eight miles In diam
eter.
The new trumpet, which is of the second
order, is located on the northwest bastion of
the old fort, at the highest elevation, and is
housed In a solid stone structure of substan
j tial construction. The trtimp-t will be oper
l ated by duplicate Hornsby-AUroyd engine?.
I each of five horsepower capacity, with air
I compressors on the same plate. The com
pressed air is forced into steel tanks, from
which it is conducted through pipes to the
i reed box of trumpet and by automatic ar
' rangement released, causing a blast of five
i seconds in duration, three times a minute.
The engines have a capacity of twenty
efsht cubic fe«t of air every sixty seconds at
a pressure of seventy-five pounds with 150
revolutions.
The trumpet is of iron, having a length of
three feet and a diameter of ten Inches In Its
widest part.
Colonel Handbury. chief of the United States
Lighthouse Department of the district, expects
the new trumpet to be ready for service in
the coming week.
City Engineer Woodward filed a re
port yesterday with the Board of Pub
lic Works relative to lowering the grade
of Mission street from Cortland ave
nue to Boaworth" street. The reoprt
says that a benefit will result from the
lowering of the grade, but if any
change Is made it should be sufficient
to effect a considerable reduction in the
gradients. The cuts required at the
various intersections would range from
one foot at Sti' Mary's street to seven
teen feet at Highland avenue. Tha side
streets would have to be cut all the way
from one to. eight feet and the prop
erty fronting' thereon would be consid
erably, damaged. The report continues:
Another plan to produce the desired improve
ment would be by means of a new street to tho
west of and parallel with Mission street, which
could be constructed with the proper gradients,
leaving Mission street at its present elevation.
The necessary land could be acquired by pur
chase or under condemnation ' proceedings, and
as the Improvements are not of great value it
would appear that the. expenses would not ex
ceed that of the first proposition. This plan
would, moreover, have the great advantage of
leaving undisturbed all streets to the east of
Mission 6treet. The streets running westerly
from Mission street would be bridged over the
new street.
In this connection it would b« well to con
sider the advisability of raising the grade of
Mlsslcn street from Boeworth street to Silver
avenue. This Is also a most desirable Improve
ment and could be accomplished at . the same
time at comparatively little additional expense
by using the excavated material In making the
fill. C- • \
F. C. Lebenbaum, George O'Brien,
Oscar Mohr and August Hradman of
the*San Francisco Architectural Club
have submitted sk«?toln?s for the new
safety station at. the intersection of
Market, Powell oii'l Ed>3y streets, to
cost ?750.
.The Third Infantry sailed to Alaska
yesterday on the transport Buford. A
royal send-off was given to the regi
nreni as the ship backed «ut into the
ftream. Crowds of friends of the de
' parting, troops lined the wharf and
cheered and shouted godspeed. As the
. jEj»t line was cast off the band on the
'Vessel played "Home, Sweet Home,"
' which wasi merged into "The Star-
Spargled Banner" as the ship pointed
her nose toward the Golden- Gate and
.Vlth flags gayly flying started on her
way. -with her valuable freight bound
• for the northern shores. Before her
departute the vessel was Inspected by
• General MacArthur, accompanied by
Major P. W. West, Captain F. L.
'.TVlnn. Major Lea Febiger. Colonel A.
C. -Girard. Major C. A. Devol, Major
Charles R/ KrauthofC and Captain Lo
ran. u. S..X. '
- .Following is a list of her cabin pas
*engers:...
• Colonel T. C. Woodbury, Colonel J. K.
*I*cJUln. Majors A, Williams W. L. Buck,
E. Ii. Plummer." Captain* F. - M. Beall. M.
:N:cho>. J. H.- McRa«. C. O Dwyer. \V. R.
•fwuple. Charges Miller. W. P. Jackson, H. A.
•Sntfth. J. W. •Barker. W. R. Watson. It. C.
Lejagdon.- Paul Giddinjrs R. W. Barnett. Lieu
;tf£an»s G." B Tond. B. Sharp, O. H. Dockery
¦¦Jr.-: Paul Hurst. A. K. Baskette. F. E. Smith.
n.-:P. OUirk. R. O. Rassdale. H. I. R<?es. B.
T • Sehcr. J. C. Wilson. .W. G. Stone Second
' lieutenants tl. W. Bathiany Charles Keller,
'¦E. M.- StitStcn. F.' H. Bveni=on. C. C. Herman.
:A. G, -Htitchinson, E. : B. Iglehart, G. -\V.
-E«>n trrf F.* H. Burr. !
: - Mrs Charles " Gerhardc and two children,
J3r«=.;.TV. J. David. Mrs 3. . E. Maeklin. Mn.
• j. H. M-cRae. Mrs. F. B. Watson. Mrs. R. I.
•7>«s. -Mre. O.. H. nockery. Mrs. F. H. Sven-
MO, Mrs. T. C. Woodbury. Mrs. F. M. M.
•Be«U,- Mr«. M. Nifhcls, Mr*. W. R. Sample.
". alrf. W. P." Jackson." Mrs. H. A. Smith. Mrs.
>ra;gl -fildair.gs. Mrs. F. E. Smith. Mrs. R. O.
; R/.gsdaie. Mrs. S. C. Orchard and Mrs. C. C.
Jcrvoe. . . '"•'.'!
'£hfe B.ufori ajio carried 804 enlistrd men.
At noon yesterday the transport
. Fherman sailed for Manila and was
followed by the Bufard. The two big
•white boats glided down the harbor
al.rfiost : tide by side — one. bound for
.'.the frozen north and the other for the
¦trrtp'ics 'of Manila". ¦ ~ • £•"•
' 'The -Sherman carried no troops, but
earned a it umber of recruits and the
. f pUov.-ihg passengers:
Oa.pja.ln ' R. - L. Hamilton Lieutenants A. C.
Wrigr-t. R. L.. Collins. A. F. Brewster, L.. E.
Uriffen. F. von -Schrader Jr.. D Hall. R. B.
Glb«on. W. French. Mrs. J. G. Harberd. Mrs.
¦ 0. bj» Roe. Mrs. W. P. Burnham. Mrs. E. B.
M>»chain. Mts. Z A. Allen Dr. J. P. Griffith.
J. C: Pond.-W. U. Brewer. F. T. Whitney.
•Mi-*. D.-Oorrnan. Rev. Jose Aljrue, Mrs. G. A.
• Hoagland Mrs E. Stone. Mrs. W. J. Glasgow.
'Mr*. \\". P. Elliott. Dr. >V. H. Allee. I.War
: dV ll and- wife. I>. O'Brien Mrs. E. S. Swann,
Mn 'C. F. Dickenson. Captains CaJdwell. G.
"ttvtr. A. W. «•}.&.-<- and G. van Deusen,
I^leutena^t \V.li:its. Htm. E. R. Beadle. F. W.
HoIt_H B. Worden, Miss S. G. Noble. Major
B H. Fuller, rtfrs. B. H. Fuller. Lieutenant
Ffcafik Knoll. Mr*. H- I*- Collins. MJm Eurt.
r .Mifc8 Acme Bartholomew, Manraret Pierce.
'.UMftnvit C • H. -Fulton, Mr*. C. A. Snoddy.
•>'. C Ciiamkerlin: Hon. W. Haywood. wife
; «rd - twi. children; Lieutenant A. F. Craig. F.
¦W. "Ford. . • ¦ ;. "
the First an4 Second battalions of
¦tnfe Tenth Infantry. Colonel C. H.
;. JCoble, -' will leave the Presidio early
this morning by boat for Oakland
.Trtpfe, where they will take trains for
American Lake t; Washington, to take
•X,art.iri the annual maneuvers of the
tr«bps : of the Department of the Co
•iumb'ia. ¦'••: :. •"-;.
Gloom o' nights Is In prospect for the
business streets of San Francisco un
less about 125 -owners of electric signs
secure from the • city certificates of
"satisfactory 'inspection" and pay tha
usual fee therefor. ;
The Novelty Sign Company, which
supplies tha apparatus for the night
display in question, attempted to test
in the Superior Court the validity of
the Supervisors' ¦ ordinance requiring
inspection of all electrical connections.
The company obtained a temporary
injunction to prevent W. R. Hewitt,
chief of the city's Department of Elec
tricity, from cutting the wires of those
who | had no certificates. In his affi
davit filed In response to the suit Hew
itt said that unless the court restrain
ed him he would give the sign owners
five days' notice to pay up, and failing,
he would cut off their electricity.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted the
city's motion, to dissolve the company's
injunction. The Judge's opinion, which
'will interest the business community,
is here given In full:
An action cannot be maintained solely for
tho' purpose of determining? the question ot
constitutionality ot a statute or municipal
ordinance If a public officer, claiming: to
act under an unconstitutional statute or ordi
nance, should threaten to commit an act
which would cause irreparable injury to an
other, such person would be entitled to an in
junction to prevent the threatened Injury. If
ordinances No. 207 and No. 787 are unconstitu
tional they will afford no Justification for any
Interference on the part 6f defendant with the
electrical appliances which have been Installed
by plaintiff for its customers; and defendant
might be restrained by injunction from inter
fering with any electrical work which plaintiff
was about to do. But such injunction could
properly issue only in reference to some par
ticular work which plaintiff was about to do.
The mere allegation that plaintiff might and
probably would. In the future. Install electrical
appliances would not be a sufficient basis for
such relief. An action, based upon such alle
gation, would be merely an attempt to procure
a decision as to the validity of a municipal
ordinance, without any particular act having
been done or threatened by tive defendant.
The grievance complained of is that defend
ant threatens to disconnect from the wires, by
means of which they are operated, certain
electrical appliances which have been installed
by plaintiff for its customers. Those appliances
are owned wholly by other persons, and plain
tiff has no proprietary interest in them. It
the defendant should, without legal Justifica
tion attempt to commit a trespass upon the
property of other persons, it is a matter of in
difference to plaintiff 'whether th«y will resist
or submit. If they do not resist it will be
because they do not choose to avail themselves
of their undoubted right to defend their prop
erty against unlawful invasion. The theory
upon which plaintiff bases its right to an in
junction Is that the threatened acts, if per
formed, will Injure plaintiffs business, and
deprive it of the patronage of its former cus
tomers. But how can plaintiff be held respon
sible by any reasonable person for illegal acts
of - the defendant •¦ which he, himself, could
have lawfully presented? v i
In my opinion this action Is merely an at
tempt on the part of plaintiff, without having
any interest in the subject of the action, to
obtain- an, adjudication as to. the validity of a
'municipal ordinance.
. B The ¦ motion to dissolve the injunction will,
therefore, b* granted.
Project Would Leave Undis
turhed All the Intersect
ing Thoroughfares East
Unless Business Men Com
ply With the Ordinance the
Lights Will Be Put Out
FAYOES NEW K0ADWAY
THirWIB.ES MAY BE CUT
Captain Hanson of the barkentine W.
H. Dimond, which arrived yesterday, 27
days from Honolulu, reports that June
SO, at ll:«0 a. m.. in latitude 37.42 north,
longitude 124.D2 west, he sighted a lot
of wreckage,, and at 8:43 p. m. of the
same day, when about fifty-two miles
due west of the Farallones, the Dimond
passed close to the wreck of a vessel
bottom up. It was too dark for those
on the barkentine to ascertain the iden
tity of the derelict or to form any con
clusion as to her size or rig. She
seemed to be from 150 to 200 feet long
and was apparently wooden. There was
too much sea on to admit of any closer
scrutiny.
The Dimond brought 10,000 bags of
sugar and other cargo. F. M. Rose, W.
J. March and Mrs. W. M. Butler and
child came ud on the barkentino as
passengers.
While rounding to off Black Point at
11:30 o'clock yesterday morning the Di
mond lost her starboard anchor and
sixty fathoms of chain. The vessel had
drifted within 100 yards of Alcatraz be
fore the port anchor held.
There was much speculation yester
day as to the identity of the derelict
reported by Captain Hanson. The de
tails he was able to furnish were so
meager and there are so many vessels
off shore at this time that any surmise
would be mere guesswork. Many local
ship-owners will be anxious until some
thing more is learned of the wreck.
SPOKEN
May 24— Lat S."» N, long 40 W, Ger ship
Willy Riekmeri, from Philadelphia./for Naga
saki.
fosrgy; wind SW; velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
RKDONiX) — Sailed July 1— Stmr Geo Loomls,
in tow of tup Sea Rover, for San Krancisco;
stmr South Bav, for San Francisco; schr Ex
panslorit for Port Townsend: echr Jamea A
Garfleld, for Grays Harbor.
'ASTORIA— Arrived July 1— Stmr Redondo,
hence June 23.
Sailed July 1 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived. July 1— Ship
R«uce, hence June 12; schr Ludlow, from San
Pedro; schr Salvator. hence June IB; schr Wm
Olsen, hence June 11.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 1— Stmr Break
water, hence June 29.
Sailed July 1 — Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
deco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 1— Btmr
State of California, for San Diego.
Sailed July 1— Stmr Alcazar, for Ean Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 1— Stmr
Brunawick, hence June 80.
EUREKA — Arrived July 1— Stmr Corona,
hence June 30. ---iZi-*
ST MICHAEL— Sailed June 27— Stmr Roee
crans, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June SO— Stmr Dolphin,
from Ska k way; schr Maid of Orleans, from San
Pedro. July 1 — Schr "Wm Olswi, hence June 11.
Sailed June 30— Stmr Humboldt. for Skag
way.
BRISTOL BAY — Arrived May 27— Shin Par
mlta. hence April 23.
EVERETT— Sailed July 1— Schr BorealU,
for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 1— Schr Advent,
for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 1— Stmr
Mamhtteld, for San Pedro. . ¦ -
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived July 1 —
Stmr Jas S Hiegrins. hence June 29.
Sailed July 1 — Br Etmr Tottendam, for Puget
Sound.
JUNEAU — Arrived June 30^ — Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez, and sailed for Seattle.
TATOOSH— Pas*d in July 1— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence June 29 for Victoria and way
ports.
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed June 30 — Schr
Louise, for San Pedro. '
BELLINGHAM — Arrived July 1— Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 1— Bktn Geo C
Perkins, from Portland: schr Ruth E Godfrey,
from Ballard: schr E K Wood, from Belllng
ham: Ftmr Cocn Bay. hence June 28; stmr
South Bay. from Redondo: stmr Santa Bar
bara hence- June 29.
Sailed July 1— Schr Geo W Watson, for Port
Townsend; schr Lucy, for Umpqua River; stmr
Grace Dollar, for San FrancUco: stmr Coos
Bay. for San Francisco and way ports.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 1— Schr Sal
vator. hence June IB.
ISLAND PORTS
MANILA — Arrived July 1 — Schr W F Garms,
from Astoria.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 1— Br stmr
Manuka, from Victoria, B C, for Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LOXDOX — July 1 — Br stmr Pingr Suey. from
Tacoma, for Liverpool. Ebaftbroken in lat 49
N. lone 7 W, boat arrived . at Scilly for as
sistance. - ¦
PANAMA — Arrived June 19 — Stmr San Juan,
hence May 2S.
COLON— Arrived June . 29— Stmr Alllanca,
from New York.
Sailed June 29 — Stmr Sejruranca, ¦ for Nevr
York.
VICTORIA — Arrived July 1 — Stmr Spokane,
from Alaska: etmr City of Puebla, hence
June 29.
Passed in July 1— Br stmr Quito, from Yoko
hama, for Xanalmo. ¦...- s
Ship for the Tropics Steams
Through Gate Beside Her
Mate for Frozen Xorth
KECK I ITS FOR MANILA
Thousands See Transport
Start to Alaska With
Third Infantry Aboard
City Engineer Reports on
the Leveling of Mission
Street at Cortlaiul Avenue
Injunction Against the Col
lection of Fees by City
Is Dissolved by Court
Captain of Barkentine W. H. Dimond Reports
Having Passed the Upturned Hull of a Derelict,
the Identity of Which Is Puzzling Ship-Owners
BUFORD SAILS
AMID CHEERS
ELECTRIC SIGNS
MAY BE DIMMED
RECOMMENDS
LOWER GRADE
SEES CAPSIZED VESSEL
OFF FARALLON ISLANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY 2. 1904.
7
WANT ADVERTISERS
: IX NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
- . RECEIVE FREE
A SCIENTIFIC TOASTER,
The latest and most improved
article on the market for toast,
ing bread, broilins oysters,
clams or .steaks.
Can be used on gas, coal or oil
stoves. ;
!gifts gi vex to-day.
- OCEAJST TSAVSX*>
•" ' Steamers "lea,v» BrOadvajr
/C#>*^"<Hi i V wharves "(piers 9 and .11).
An£~ Sa » Franclscoi •
Id. Afttt \**\ F * or Ketchlkan. Wraajf-!.
I I Vw'Wl I l'Juneatf. llalnes, Skagwiy.
\ \ IBmAJ I etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Juiy
V*iv \» ' - YCt I 5». °. 14 - 10 - 2 1- ' 29 ' A"K. 3-
V5KV*L_^yy Cfnan(?e to." Company" i ifa.ii-
XAwgTT\r/ ' ers R t- SeattI*. •
> *»* r,*!*^ " For '.Victoria'. . Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, • ¦t'acQn'.a,- Everett.
Eelllneham— IX ¦. m... July 5. 9," 14, 19, 21. 23.
Aug. 3. Chan?» fit Seattle to this Company*
steamers far Alaska and G. N.' Ry. : at tviatr '»
or Tacoma to N. F. Ry. ; at Vancouvpr- to C. >
P. Ry. . • ' . '
For B^ireka (HumboMt Bay)-^ Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July \ 9. 15. 21- 27. Aug. 2. Corona,
1:30 p. ra.. July 6. 12. '13, 24.- 30. A"8- 5.
For Los Anselea -(via Port Los -Anceles and
Redondo). San Dl^BO and' Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9. a. to.
For L09 Ans'l's (via. dan Pedro and East
San Pedro).' Santa Barbara^ Santa ' Cniz. Mon-
terey; Pan Simeon; Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hu«n«'me. - .
Bpftlta. 9a. m.. July t, 10. IS. 2B. .Au*. .1.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July «, 14, 33. 30, Au». T.
For Kngenada. lla-sjiialen.-i Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Faz." -Santa P.i-
salla,- Guaymas (M«.). 10 a. v ! - - -Ttli each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS.' .Seaso"h • \0<U —
The palatial excursion steamship- Spoicane* will
leave Tacoma, Seattje and-' .Victoria Jufy. 3.-19.
Aug. 2. 18. ' • - • : .
For further Information obtain- folief. . Rlsrht
Is reserved to change steamers 6t» sailing dates.
TICKET OrPlCES — 4 New.^IontKOm-
ery sf. (Palace Hotel). 10*M.irket*fct.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlce 10 "Market st.
C. D. DtTN'ANN, General' Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San . Francisco. .
AMEHICAJT VOTE.
Plymouth — Ciio?bonry — Southaxiptoa.
From New Ycrk Saturdays at D:Ji> a. m. .
Bt. Paul .July »iSt. Lriuls. ..'.. .July- 23
Philadelphia. ...July l(J|New York- Juiy 3O
ATLANTIC TBASTSPOST lilNE.
New Yori — London Di»ect. " ; • •
Minnehaha.. ....July 9, i p. m.
Minneapolis July 18, %' a. m.
Mesaba..: ' July- 23. '¦> a. m.
Minnetonka.: -.JUIy^3a 7:3i> a. m.
Only d.-st-cUs-i passengers carried*
soaujrioi? like.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short 'se^ p^tssagi*.
Kensington.' July yiSouthwart, July *J3
Domlnicn July ltf, Canada.". July
HOLLAND-AM2BICA LTSE.
New Twin-Screw St;amers of ,Ii,'(A» Tons. :
•Sew Yori — Hotter dam. Via .Bouioiras.
• SalUnc Tuesdays at 10 a. m. '
Statendata July IStRpttertTam. . .'. . .'Aug. 3
Potsdam July 19lRymlaip. .:: Atir. »
. •- ¦* BED STAS J.1VZ. .; .
Hew Tork — Antwerp— Paria.
From New York Saturdays at- 10:30 a. itj.
Kroontar.d July • 91 Finland ..." July 21
Zeeland X^uiy JWVaderland.. Jui x 30
WEITE STAS UITE, . • • ..
New York — -Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays'. . '-
Celtic. .-..July 8. I pnj|Cedric. .Juiy 22. 1 " pnx
Baltic. .July 13. 5 pm Oceanlc.July 27." 5 pm
Majestic. July 20, 10 ami Arabic. . .July it), ftgai
Borton— Qneeaatown— Liverpool. '
Republic (new).... July T.?Afn£ 1 1. Sept. -^
Cymric .July 14, Aurf. 18. Jse^t, 1.1
Cretic July 2S. Aijk. "25. S*«pt. 23
VXTW SERVICE PEOM BOSTON.
Pi»t Twin-Screw Steamers '
Of 11.40O to 1S.OOO. Tons. ' '
BOSTON. DIRECT TO. THE . •
atEDITEBXAlTEAN. VIA AZORES.
OIBBAI.TAE, NAPLrS, QENOA.-
ROMANIC. ..July 3O. Sept. 17. Oct. 29
CANOPIC. v.'Au*. ,27'. Ojct. V Nov. 19
First Class, SC5 upward: depending nn 'date,
C. T>. TAYLOR. Fassencer AKent Pa'elflc'Coast.
S'_: 21 Post st.. San Franclscd. •. " ;
NOME
ST.MiGHAEL
THE Al FAST • . ' -*• •
S. S. ST. PAUJU. .
CAPTAIN C. K. LD4DQUIST. •
(Carrylcr U. 9.. Mails.) . * •
FROM SAX FRANCISCO DIRECT.
MONDAY. JULY II. 2 P. M.
Connectinc with the Company's Steamers for
All BERING SEA POINTS, and. at St.
Michael with the> Company's River Steamer*
for Fairbanks and &.11 ' points' op KOTUKUK.
TAN AN A and YUKON RIVER3.-
For FreiKht and Passage Apply to
HOKTHEE2T COMMEEClil CO.. •
519 Crcssloy buildina. tor. Mission- anA itew
Montsromery sts.. San Francisco-.
/famburg-Amencan.
Semi- Weekly Twin-Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG, HAMBCRO
•Deutschland July TlTWalderste* July "Si
Beigravla July 9 tMoltke :Jyly 2S
July 1 (!i Bulgaria. ..'. ...JXi^ 30
Hamburg July' 21|*Deutschland. . .Au#. 4
•Has erillroom an<J tjymnaslhm on board.
TW1I1 call at Dover for Loridoh and Paris.
HAMBT7EG- AMERICAN LINE.
OfOcwi. 35 and 37 Broadway ¦ New .York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST. •
0ccaB[c8.s.ca.s«£.
8. 8. MARIPOSA for Tahiti. July. 2. 11 a. ni.
S- S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. . Samoa. 'Auck-
. land and Sydney. Thursday. JuJy 7,2 p.m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 18. 11 am.
I.D.SPHECHLS i BSOi Ca,i2ll,TiCi!roaK 543 Kir-
tet Yni®i caciiaHir^uSu. Pnf/. ?iul: >:.
i-oiipiajHB ezirsaiLc TRjtirsiTiAMTi3?&
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ' -u»»_
Sallinc every Thursilay instead pf <£^K9fU
Saturday, at 10 a. m... from Pier 4i w«VSW
North River, foot . of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec«Bd
class to Havre, ?45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AXO
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGASSI & CO.. Facitle Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold -by all Railroad Ticket Agents:
To V. 8. Navy Yard and Valleio. .
Etmr. H. J. Corcoran— ;Leave3-S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bldg.— Week dats.
9:30 A.- M., 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays. 9:30
A. M-. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
8:5O A. M.. 12:2O and '5:3O P. M.:. Sundays. 5
p. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo. Olen Cove and Martinez.
50c round trip. PIPER. ADEN, OOODALI.,
CO.. phone Main «41. 'Saturday excepted.
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallajo.
STMRS. GEN. FRISniE. MONT1CELLO ant
ARROW— 9:43 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 F.
M.. 6:W> P. M.. 8:3O "P. M. <ex. Sunday >;
Sundays. 9:45 A. M.. 8:30 P. >f. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. 9:00 A. M., 12:30 NOON.
3:15 p. m.. «:Oi» p. m. (ex. San<lay>: Sun-
days. 7:00 A. M., 4:13 p. m. Landing anj
office. Pier 2. foot Mission st. Phone Main
150S. HATCH BROS.
xdZ&^&sJS MEN AND WGMEH.
t&MiaPtoTrtLiZ'Sefm C*- Big C for ann»tursl
&Wgf in lus <»-».^3 di«rbar««i.infianimation3.
£t^3r Os*raite»4 \1 irrit»ti3is or nlceritioaj
flnTj %•• '¦* isriotoT". of mncous ni'aibrnaf*.
S»»->f pr-r««to r»u«i»«. Piilniai*. and not utrin-
KalTKEEtASSCHEMlCAlCO. c»ut or poi*onoo(L
Vjgk oii«imuTi.o.Jgra «•'«» *r »r««i«u.
VefSAk. U.S.A. 5S4* or »ant ia plain wripjxe.
*H^h»l_!^a *>y "preas, PMj*1d, lot
w wB 19 Ciicul^ list ?¦ rMmir 1
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^^^^
£&Z£ffi^ SICK HEADACHE, fel | \i ©
*/j5J$T%f\ TORPID LIVER. R?|l " V "*«¦ BA^
Mfiffl \Li FURREDTONGUE -gl?J r^n n - a' .
/Mm $% INDIGESTION. F^lj O | [1 | j^ g^
•Sf UJ CONSTiPAT{ON M$\
SALLOW SKIN "¦^ M w™""™™™
¦ ¦%'#!¥=¦ isa%" Small Plir/.
- AI1/ . IJ I I \# 1!=, tj •mall Doj* :
Thty TOUCH the L. I V &n •VnaiiPrio* >.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on ' ¦ : t
BE0
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The North Western*
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities tor, an
economical aad satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles ens day earlier. !
Choice of routes. I
For full Information apply to oi addnu 1
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK,
General Agent, G*nl Agent Pass'r Dept,
CUcaga & North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
SWORN STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AND VALUE ON
JUNE 30. 1904, OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OF THE
SAN FRANCISCO SAYINGS UNION
A CORPORATION
DOING BUSINESS AT
532 CAlxrOBXTXA STBSST.
NE. Corner of Webb »t..
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
STATE OF "CALIFORNIA.-
ASSETS.
1. Loans on Real Estate.
Secured by first Hen on
properties in the State ot
California $14,267,017 90
2. Loans on Bdnda and Stocks.. 2,401.330 37
3. United States Bonds and
Bonds and Stocks of munic-
ipal, quasi-public and in-
dustrial corporations 15,840.190 77
4. Bank Premises 350,000 00
5. Other Real Estate In the !» *'•
State of California 823,103 81
6. Furniture and Fixtures 2.000 CO
7. Cash (In vault and in Bank). 1.575. 453 CJ
Total Assets $36.262.000 87
LIABILITIES.
1. Capital— Paid up $1,000,000 00
2. Reserve and Contingent Funds 935,0.13 12
3. Due Depositors 33,908.594 43
4. Dividends Undisbursed 3,835 49
6. Sundry Accounts in Adjust-
ment 270,332 70
6. General Tax Account. Bal-
ance undisbursed 144.205 13
* V* Total Liabilities :. .<.tC.2tt2.00O 87
San Francisco, July 1. 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.
(Signed) By E. B. POND. President.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
State of California. *
City and County of San F"ranclsco. S «a.
E. B. Pond and Lovell White, being each,
separately and duly sworn, each for himself,
says that said E. B. ' Pond is President and
said Lovell White is Cashier of the San Fran-
cisco Savings Union, the corporation above
mentioned, and that the foregoing statement
is true.
(Signed) E. B. POND.
tSlgned) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 1st
day of July, A. D. 1904.
(Signed) JAMES M. ELLIS.
- Notary Public, in and for the City
(Seal) and County of San Francisco, State
of California.
GOHOBBECZA A5S TOINARY DISCHAE0E3.
A CURB IK ** HOURS.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
0 Q& lC81JU5ZXT5T.tot.|!*»7U,8.;r.e»i. A
\ Cf The Larreit AaM«aical Mmcum In tk« \
Q w*\K\^m w<<| d- ViMkLe««» .r iny enn;net?<l A
7 W3J) diieate p*aitl«»lr ««r«id n 7 tDt .Men Y
© /Kjal *>P*a« : l»to« theCoui. EtLjtyeart. Q
A Q*3S?h CR « JCRDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ V(ul|}R Connultsktioa free and »frtrtly prim*. \
A J yyif ft Tr«arnient' perionliy or br l«:i»r. A Q
\ fl J! »¦ '*'""•• ft " r «'»«»«n'«*»nnden«lr«ii. T
Apt liA Write for B>olc. rmi.o<iiirnv *r A
V« |1 H atnniACK, mailko i-*»t. (xV
A V U- **l»able took '•' »'•) \
V DO. JOIIDAN 4b CO.. 1051 M.irtct St..fl. P. Q
/^\Jr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
/trtC-Jtfl '*-** KEABHT ST. Established
E^P™in I.H54 fortlio treatment of I'rivnt*
HIJK S9f Di-wases. l-twt Manhood. Debility or
IBtflWQlUftfr disease weorintron l>ody ami mlml and
fcSjW%<ijGS*kin Diseases. The IXxHnrcurP* when
jtSBHSHothrri fall. Trv him. I'harjjM lnvr.
.^rEjifBjflfEfofl * ¦ n w- « cnnriuilrrri. Call ni- write.
Dr. J. V. «IBBO5f ? Han Fraocisc-o, Cal.;
Weekly Call, $1 per YearSpecial Information supplied dally to
SS!L« e ?-M °. USe ~ and PU°ltc men by th»
«E£3« H? 1^?* S u , reau (Allen-*). 235 Cal
tfornia street. Telephone Main 10U. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In'
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market «t.»
LILY LANGTRY— Inquisitive. - City.
Lily Langtry, the actress, was born at
St. Hellers, on the Island of Jersey, in
1S52. She became a citizen of the Uniteu
States by naturalization in 1887.
The suave, plausible, diplomatic and flattering stran
ger with schemes of wealth in dubious investments has
invaded our municipal territory again, and, as usual,
several susceptible and unsuspecting women are in the
role of financial victims. Experience certainly is no
teacher in this peculiar field of clever swindling. It
will do no harm, however, to warn women with money
and no established precedents, indicating good common
sense to beware of fascinating strangers.
NEVADA MINT-A. O. S.. City. Coin
age at the United States Mint In Car
son City. New, was discontinued IrwlSSo.
The institution Is now equipped as an
assay office.
An interesting movement is now
gaining ground In the social and po
litical life of German physicians, as
manifested in the outcome of the
"strike" of doctors In Leipsic.
- In accordance with the imperial
statutes every Government employe
with an annual income' of less than
2000 marks must join an association
whose membership consists of per
sons following a certain occupation,
or. those who live in a particular dis
trict, etc. These select their own of
ficers and attending physicians, who
are nominally responsible to the Gov
ernment. As a larse part of the pop-
The Doctors' Strike.
BILLS— A. B. C. City. Tour ques
tion about percentage of bills collected
I3 one In arithmetic — one of. the class
that this department does not answer.
The miscreant whose act of vandalism at St. Louis
has robbed Santos-Dumont of his opportunity to com
pete in the airship contest on the day set for the great
event should be dealt with as severely as the law will
permit. The authorities should prosecute, their investi
gation as a matter of deep personal concern. Foreigners
at the fair should be guaranteed that protection and
courtesy vouchsafed to strangers within the gates
wherever in the world civilization holds sway.
DISTANCE-M. \V. T.. City. The ais~
tance in an air Itne from the Cliff
House. to the life-saving station at the
end of Golden Gate Park is 3000 feet.
SPANISH NAME— L. M. D., T. M. '
D.. Sebastopol. Cal. Lakeside Is erc
pressed In Spanish by lado del lago. and
abbreviated It is lago lado.
Ansii'ers to Queries,
It is good to laugh. There is prob
ably, snvs Health, not the remotest
corner of the little inlet of the minute
blood vessels of the body that does
not feel some wavelet from the great
convulsion produced by hearty laugh
ter shaking the central man. The
blood moves more rapidly — probably
its chemical, electric or vital condi
tion i3 distinctly modified — it conveys
a different Impression to all the organs
of the body as it visits them on that
particular mystic journey, when the
man is laughing, from what it does
at other times. The time may come
when physicians shall prescribe to 'a
torpid patient, "So many peals of
laughter, to be undergone at such and
such a time."
Laugh and Be Healthy.
O, noble work, heroic, grand.
That saves in scientific ways
Those little lisping lobsters, and .
Keeps them for me and mayonnaise.
And lo. this baby of the sea
In gratitude begins to thrive;
Where one per cent it used to be,
P'ifty. all fat, remain alive.
It takes the tender lobsterlet.
And gives him food and kind advice;
Changes his boots if they are wet.
Brushes his hair and makes him nice.
Art stretches o'er the horrid scene
Her skillful and remedial sway —
And when I speak of "Art" I mean
The Fish Commission. U. S. A.
Nature grim, in remorseless mood.
Undoes th» work that she has done.
And out of every lobster brood
Slays ninety-nine and keeps but one.
[The following estimate of the lobster
raisins experiments of the commission
emanates from a London newspaper.]
/// Praise of Lobsters.
THE Sunday Call magazine to-morrow will contain
many features pertinent to the spirit of the Fourth.
"Patriot's Battle Hymn," a stirring martial anthem
by Eleanor E. Hoeft, set off by a striking poster effect
in red, white and blue, will occupy the front page. "The
July Calendar Girl," a full page half-tone, makes an at
tractive and useful reference page for the month.
"The Fourth of July in Bunnyville," by Jessie Juliet
Knox, illustrated characteristically by Bronstrup, is an
amusing Fourth story which will be enjoyed by the old
as well as by the young. The concluding installment of
"The Fugitive," Ezra S. Brudno's powerful novel, will
appear. On July 10 wiil be published the first install
ment of Miriam Michelson's stor3% "In the Bishop's Car
riage," one of the. very best novels of the day. Amon'j
the -special articles are "New Fads of the New York
Girl," in which among other things, are given some hints
as to' the proper way to give an up-to-date Fourth of
July veranda luncheon; "Hints for Hostesses on the
Glorious Fourth"; "The Evolution of the San Francisco
Yacht," a story that will interest yachtsmen, in view of
the approaching races, and "A Ringing Warning to the
American People," by Bishop Henry C. Potter. This
is the first time that this distinguished divine has ever
expressed himself so fully and so deliberately upon the
vices that are now threatening American civilization.
Madge Moore contributes a. timely page upon "The
Handkerchief Kimona" and Jerome K. Jerome adds to hij
series a sympathetic study of the Hollanders in "The
Little Land of the Happy Dutch."
"The Ruling Passion," by Edwin J. Webster, is the
leading story upon the storiette page, which also con
tains stories by Keith Gordon and John Barton Oxford.
On the Puzzle Page will be found as usual the names of
the winners in the last contest and material for an ad
ditional week's guessing. "The Boy Who Would n
Wizard Be" is a catchy bit of music upon the music
page, which, is in three colors.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
MISS ELEANOR KESPLER. WHO
HAS CAPTIVATED GERMAN MU
SIC LOVERS IN WAGNER.
A merchant of South Africa has traveled all the way
irom the scene of his commercial activities to this city
to study the character and the habits of the Chinese
in anticipation of their introduction to his far away land
as laborers. Let the visitor take what consolation there
may be in the fact that most of us have been here, as
students of the Chinese coolie longer than he will prob
ably care to stay with us and we are ready to confess
that the men from the East are still enigmas.
SAFETY STATIONS.
sweet-voiced daughters of Uncle Sam
haVe. found' a- warm welcome here.
The Berlin critics predict an especially
• brilliant career for Miss Eleanor Kess
h^r. a Pennsylvania girl, who has been
engaged for the widely renowned stage
of the Stadt Theater at Luebeck, one
of- the famous "free cities" of the
Fatherland. - r.
. Miss Kessler Is a dramatic soprano
and commands : eleven roles, chief
among them Marguerite In "Faust"
and EJsa in "Lohengrin." She will
make her debut in one of these at Lue
beck in October. This young woman,
whov hails from the little town of
Chambersburg,. Pennsylvania, was ac
corded the- unusual honor of a perma
nent engagement at the Luebeck opera
without the customary trial, or, as it
is called here, "guest engagement." of
six months or more, her voice having
captivated , the .management at first
bearinr.. \ '/
.After a course at the School of In
dustrial Arts in Philadelphia and three
ytars as Eoprario at the West Phila
delphia- Presbyterian Church, Miss
Kessler •went to Milan for operatic
study with the celebrated Italian mas
ter.- £<empertl, and. for the last two
years' has. pursued her work with Pro
fessor Catenhusen of Berlin, whose tal
ept as a trainer for the operatic stage
Is well known in America, where he
lived for many years. Miss Kessler
acquired what few American singers
have- been able to achieve — a remark
able German diction, which her mas
ters pronounce faultless. She is a tall
brunette oi striking grace of carriage
and. possesses natural dramatic talent.
Fellow countrymen and women who
have watched her preliminary work in
Berlin predict triumphs for her, both
ob the German stage and in her own
country, where- she purposes eventu
ally to. sing and live.
alone had had the good sense to moor
his ships a cable's length apart.
Chang Hi ordered all his horses to be
Jettisoned In order to make room for
several thousand soldiers left high and
dry on the island of Hirado, and did
his very best to try and persuade his
cowardly fellow officers to rally the men,
live on the country and fight their way
Inland. But all to no purpose; the das
tardly generals selected for their own
use the best of Chang Hi's unbroken
ships and at once ignominiously fled
back to China, leaving over 100.000 men
absolutely at the mercy of the Japa
nese.
These poor fellows— or such of them
as had escaped the storm— lost no time
in electing a popular leader of their
own. They set to work cutting down
timber at once, with a view of building
boats for their escape. But in less than
a week the Japanese were upon them in
force, and after being taken from place
to place the 20,000 or 30,000 who escaped
death in the first sanguinary battle
were massacred almost to a man on
Takashima Island. Just outside of
Nagasaki Bay. Only the southerners
were spared— for slavery. All the Mon
gols, Koreans and Northern. Chinese
were ruthlessly butchered.
Exactly three men of Fan Wenhu's
100,000 ever reached China to tell the
tale; but Hungtsakiu and Chang HI
seem to have brought safely back via
Korea a good part of the 40,000 . men
who had been at Iki and Masanpho.
Of all the generals Chang Hi was the
only one who escaped punishment at
Cublay's hands.— St. James Gazette.
THANKS are due to the enterprising merchants in
the vicinity of the junction of Market, Stockton,
Ellis and. Fourth streets for constructing at their
own expense ' and presenting- to this city the safety
station at that point. ' .
The suggestion made some time ago to erect a safety
station" at Kearny and Market streets was obviously
a good ' one. yet the feature being new, it required
demonstration to determine its merits. That demon
stration has been made and the innovation has proven
a complete success."' With the rapid growth, of San
Francisco and the consequent congestion of traffic on
; the principal thoroughfares, there is an augmented
danger to pedestrians attempting to cross them or to
• reach the streetcars. It is difficult enough for the
1 young and vigorous to reach a car in" a crowded street,
•but for the old and infirm it is often dangerous. Trav
elers on foot have. a right to all possible protection
and teamsters are sometimes careless in recognizing
that right. With the additional factor of the increasing
number of automobiles and the reckless way in which
they are often handled, the danger to persons compelled
to stand waiting in the middle of the street for a car
is made greater.
While. the merchants spoken of have been generous
in providing the safety station, the cost of construction
should not have been upon them, but upon the city.
The greatest good therefrom is to be derived by the
genera) public and not by^the merchants. The cost is
not great comparatively, and the improvement is a per
manent and sightly one and an object lesson to strangers
of the solicitude this city has for the -comfort and wel
fare of its inhabitants.
A consideration of all the facts justifies the-conclu
sion that safety stations should be placed at ail points
Not the Grant Brand.
In the current issue of the Outlook
George Kennan says that Verestchagin
once showed him his painting of the
battlefield of Plevna with the remark
that the original sketch had shown the
hill occupied by the Russian staff all
strewn with champagne bottles. A
Grand Duke who had seen the drawing
insisted that the bottles be painted out,
and the artist had complied. It ' will
be remembered that when some tem
perance people protested to Lincoln
that Grant was a whisky drinker, the
President replied that he wished he
knew the brand so that he, might send
some of the same liquor to his other
generals. But the Russian generals
have not the Grant brand.
Japan Unconquered.
Japan Is the only large country that
has never been conquered.
In the thirteenth century (Professor
E. H. Parker recalls in the Monthly
Review) the •Mongol Emperor, Cublay
Khan, -made a bold but ineffectual at
tempt to bring it under subjection.
Toward the invading force the King of
Korea raised 10,000 soldiers, 15,000
seamen, 900 warships and 110,000
cwt. . of grain for the expedition,
and General Hungtsakiu was pro
vided by him with weapons, Korean
<bats of mall (wadded), armor, etc.
In 1281 General Hungtsakiu and his
second In command, Hintu, an Oui
pour Turk, led a total force of 40,000
men "via Kinchou In Korea," which
Professor Parker takes to mean Port
Arthur; and they appear to have
found their way safely to the island of
Iki. Another expedition under Fan
Wenhu- of 100,000 men, after one
week's sail, also safely arrived at the
Kutsi. or Koche" Islands (Masanpho).
and at Tsushima.' Some shipwrecked
Japanese" seamen were there caught
•arid forced to draw charta of the coun
try z.round.
It "was then 'found that the island of
Hirado. lay a little to the west of
Dazaifu, ana that- it afforded the" best
"Johnnie. 1 * said his mother severely
"some one has taken, a big piece of ein
gerbread out of the pantry." '
Johnnie blushed guiltily.
"Oh, Johnnie:" she exclaimed, "I
didn't think it was In you!"
".'Tisn't— not all of it, mother" re
plied Johnnie. "Part of it's In Elsie !"—
Spare Moments.
The distinguished gentleman who will represent the
diplomatic interests of Panama in the United States
has arrived at Washington and has been received with
every demonstration of consideration and national cour
tesy. It is sincerely to be hoped that his people and
ours will continue to live on terms of friendship and
good will and that never in an existence so auspiciouslv
commenced will either of us find the arbitrament ot
arms a necessity.
The first really efficient lucifer
match must be put to the credit" of
John Walker of Stockton-on-Tees,
England, who in 1837 placed them on.
the market under the name of "con
greves," in compliment to Sir WH
liam Congreve. the inventor at "the ,
war rocket. These matches wr*r'e sold
for a shilling a box. which contained, .'
besides a few dozen of the matches, n.
little piece of folded sandpaper,
through which each splint of wood
had to be drawn before it coald be
made to inflame. An original tin- box...
stamped" with .the royal arms ami
bearing the word "Congreve." is pTe
served as a . curiosity in orie. of the
London museums. • :•* " . .
As In the case of all other indus
tries, this was initiated by hand la
bor alone. The splints of wood- were
no doubt originally dipped in- the ig
niting composition one. by- one; but
subsequently they were- tied up _ . in
bundles and dipped en blpc, the.work
man giving each bundle a twist wlih
his hands so that the end of- .each
splint wouldbe free to move to a cer
tain extent and absorb a little more
of the compound than it Would if kep*t
quite still. The next advance was -to"
fix the splints in a frame so that each
was separated fr6m ita neighbor* and
this frame containing ' about 150©
matches, would be brought down., on
a marble slab upon which the compo-'
sition was spread. The tipped matches,
still in their frame, would then be
dried In air for a few hours, and* af
terward placed in a heated chamber
to complete their desiccation. Man
ual labor is now almost whofly .dis
pensed with in the manufacture of
matches. The employment of yeltqw
phosphorus for th& charging' of
matches made the industry a: very un
healthy one, and the workpeople,- -if.
not In the best of health, ran the risk
of contracting a terrible disease
known as necrosis of the Jawbone, the
vulgar name for which .was "phbssy
jaw." With improvements in manu
facture this evil has now been elim
inated. — Chambers' Journal.
Invented the Lucifer.
"Surprised, we demanded to know
why he cried. He told us. and we did
not blame him. The proof he saw was
an uncorrected one. A mistake had
been made in putting the figures in
type which was not discovered until
Bill had disappeared.
"From that day to the day of his
death Bill was a slave of drink. His
disappointment proved too much for
him."
"That morning, in this ve ry place, we
all grabbed a paper and commenced to
talk about Bill's luck. In the midst of
it Bill walked In. He was as fuddled
as a lord and big tears were streaming
down his cheeks.
the winning numbers was pulled. One
quick glance at the proof Bill took and
then gave a yell. Off came his apron,
he searched the shop for the foreman
and told him to do what he pleased
with 'his blanked old job.' Then he
dashed out of the place. The proof re
vealed to us that Bill had won 515,000,
and we overlooked his crazy actions.
ONE QUICK GLANCE AT THE
PROOF— THEN BILL GAVE A
YELL.
They celebrate New Year's or bring a new dragon
to town with much ceremony and firecrackering. but
they know how to produce the glad popping of powder
without taking life or setting fire to buildings. We do
both and feel that we have had a halcyon and vociferous
time only when we have 'scared^ nervous people into
convulsions, killed a number of small boys, set fire
to ladies' skirts by throwing cannon crackers at their
feet, put out many eyes by powder explosions and
burned a number of buildings on the altar of liberty.
As the movement against the toy pistol is general all
over the country, we will await the statistics of casual
ties with interest to see if it has diminished the slaugh
ter of the day.
The Spanish war was in culmination on the 4th of
July. We were before Santiago, and beset that last
stronghold of the empire of Philip II on our inde
pendence day. But we killed more people celebrating
than were killed on both sides in all that war. We
did it having fun, as some people call it. We should
learn to have fun without giving so much employment
to surgeons, undertakers and grave diggers.
CAREFULLY collected statistics show that we
sacrifice over 4000 lives every year in celebrat
ing the Fourth of July. Most of these are victims
of the toy pistol, an incendiary and infernal machine
for making noise and causing lockjaw. There is a gen
eral movement to outlaw this weapon as a means, of
manifesting patriotic fervor. No doubt it will be
effectually suppressed, but that will not end the slaugh
ter on- the, Fourth.
There are other deadly contrivances, such as cannon
crackers, bombs and other fire vomiting, noise belching
devices called volcanoes and by other names that imply
destruction that will fill the void made by the destruc
tive pistol. The law, hand in hand with common sense,
should follow up the work of abolishing these disturb
ers of. the peace and destroyers of life, until the anni
versary of our independence ceases to be a time of
terror and apprehension and becomes a pleasant, patri
otic day of national enjoyment, as it ought to be.
Americans have run away with the fireworks idea by
degenerating it to the service of mere noise. In this
we imitate the Chinese in all but their conservatism.
BERLIN, • June 19. — Since the suc
cessful invasion of the German grand
opera field by *n American girl, Miss
Geraldine Farrax of Massachusetts,
Cpteial Correspondence.
American Girls' Triumph.
The conditions grew, frradually
worse and conferences between phy
sicians and lodges failed utterly. The
medical men finally formed .a union
for the preservation of their profes
sional interests, the so-called 'Leip;
ziger Verband." under the leadership
of the indomitable Dr. Hartmann.
This association, by continuous agita
tion, has succeeded in ha-ving adopted
at the last annual meeting" of- t-he
Union of German Medical Societies a
resolution whereby' the members of
these lodges are permitted to choose
their physicians individually. Thi3
affords the patient the opportunity- to
consult whomever he desires aqd also
prevents the lodge officials displacing
older and experienced men. by others
without cause. . : .
It still remained to put this princi
ple into practice, and as the. lodges
would not entertain friendly overtures
recourse was had to a •"strike." ; The
physicians' union organized branches
in every German, city, which '.dealt
with the Individual lodges and endeav
ored to dissuade other doctors from
settling in this 'particular locality to
take the place of their striking col
leagues. In consequence of this.agi
tation, a more satisfactory basis Of re
muneration has been established and
the choice of the physician is left to>
the patient. This much has beenJAC
complished in Cologne and. Munich
and the fight is being carried on in
sixty-seven other cities.— The Medical
Record. . • \ ¦¦ .
illation belongs to these associations
the German physicians. 30,000 In
number, have necessarily been com
pelled to assume the treatment of
many such cases. The insufficient re
muneration — in many instances" only
15 pfennige per. call .3^ cents) — has
animated most physicians to', decline
the appointments. Wherever ah. at
tempt was made, however; to better
these conditions the associations ap
pointed certain physicians who served
also as lodge officers. ¦*-." " .
THE PATRIOTIC PISTOL.
BilYs Luck.
A number of old-time printers were
gathered about a table in a Third street
resort a few evenings ago. They were
emptying steins and telling stories of
the kind that printers seem to have a
monopoly of. One of the crowd, a
white-headed, bent old fellow, who had
played the part of listener for some
time, finally cleared his throat and
said:
"You all remember old Bill Johns,
who died here a few years ago. He was
a good man in his day. was Bill, and
until he let drtnk get the best of him
was one of the best 'prints' on the
coast. The story of his downfall,
though a sad one. has its humorous
side. It happened in this wise.
"Bill was a lottery fiend. He would
buy from ?10 to $40 worth of tickets
every month. He never won even an
approximation prize, but always 'be
lieved that some day he would win a
capital. We were working together on
a morning paper at the time, and one
morning Bill, as was his custom, hung
about the galley boy until a proof of
Fifteen tons of leaflets, pamphlets and books, descrip
tive of the. agricultural and horticultural wonders oi
California, have been sent by the State Board of Trade
to the St. Louis Exposition, and it is a safe wager that
even after this mass of material has been digested by
an intelligent public not one- half the truth has been
told of. the good things of the Golden State. Were
it not for the admonitory finger of modesty, we could
say more.
The Audubon Society should address its energies in
this practical channel. All imported leathers and plum
age, except of the goose and ostricn, can be shut out
by a single paragraph in the tariff putting on a pro
hibitory duty. As for our domestic birds, dealing in
their feathers can be outlawed by the law of every
State. It is a mistake to suppose that the ladies are
responsible for this traffic, and therefore .are cold
hearted and cruel. They buy what the millinery market
supplies, and finding plumage on sale, take it as they
do silks and ribbons. Let the law forbid it the market
and the ladies will not take their shotguns and go
afield to supply themselves.
Getting away from the special creation idea, to ac
count for the origin of species, and viewing the whole
vast scheme as the issue of nature's great law of
equilibrium, the practical argument for reasonable
preservation of birds has greater force than this senti
mental plea. It is told of a sentimental father that he
called his little son's attention to the wisdom of God
in the creation of the crane. Its long legs fitting it
for wading in the water, and its slim toes pointed so as
to be put noiselessly into the water, and its long neck
and bill so adapted to dart into the water and seize
the fish which it had approached by stealth, were all
evidences of the divine care for the crane. But the
more practical little boy said, "Yes, but isn't it hard on
the fish?"
Nature makes provision for an equilibrium. All living
things prey on living things, animate or inanimate. It
is the law of life. If birds so multiply that their insect
or other food fail the equilibrium is destroyed and birds
perish. Then the insects come again and so multiply
that they invade the food supply of creatures higher in
the scale. In the great plan man is apt to get more
than his share, but if he does he suffers from lost
equilibrium. As a practical proposition it is uneconomic
for man to take a single tooth or claw out of the great
predatory scheme for the purposes of mere vanity.
When taking them is made necessary to preserve the
natural balance, it is according to economic principles
to make such profitable use of the prey as may appear.
Our fish and game laws and our statutes protective
of birds are founded, not upon sentiment, but upon
practical economics. Many of the plumage birds are
not native to this country. Their slaughter will never
be stopped by sentimental appeals. When the law
makes their plumage contraband of commerce, as it
may, the temptation to hunt is taken away by destroy
ing its profit, and the "birds of plumage bright" will
be as safe as the uninteresting mud turtle or the squat
and warty toad.
OFFICERS of the Audubon Society are making
an energetic attempt to stop the slaughter of
plumage birds to furnish feathers for the hats
of ladies. We desire to enlist in this praiseworthy
work, as far as a newspaper may aid it. We think,
however, that the merely "sentimental side of the matter
ir depended on too much. The argument made is that
the birds and all living things are our fellow creatures,
and that the common Creator of all is dishonored; when
man, the head of- creation, preys upon birds for com
mercial purposes.
Following this sentimental line it is pointed out that
the birds are useful to man by -preying upon insects
that do him harm by consuming for their food that
which he requires for his. Therefore, he should use
the birds as his instruments in destroying still lower
forms of life, in order that he may appropriate to his
own use that which those lower forms require for theirs.
In this view the birds are sent by the Creator to be
the feathered friends of man and to destroy lesser lives
that issue from the same creative source.
This argument defeats itself. How can finite man
determine that one form of life is less sacred than
another in the eye of a common creator? If the bird
is elevated to an equality of right of possession of the
earth with man, what revelation of the creative pur
pose denies that same right of equality to the least
living thing? If "the smallest insect stepped upon feels
as great a pain as when a giant dies," what right has a
predatory bird to pursue the said insect, seize it, swal
low it and send it to be ground between the gravel
stones in its gizzard?
Cublny's first disillusionment took
place when his miserable generals,
with their tails between their legs,
came whimpering back to China. It
appears that the Korean force, whose
headquarters had bpen (like those of
General Kuropatkin now) at Liaoyang,
and which had coasted safely down to
Iki, was summoned to Join Fan Wen
hu's grand army at Hirado. Here the
"divided counsels" which Cublay so
much dreaded unfortunately itook
place.
Instead of boldly marching together
upon Dazaifu, the rival generals be
gan bickering and squabbling, until on
the first day of the eighth month (Sep
tember) a fearful typhoon suddenly
arose and broke up most of the fleet
lying- there at anchor. The only ships
not smashed to pieces were those of u
Chinese captain named Chang Hi, who
anchorage. Cublay at parting with
his generals had impressed upon them
the tiselessness of massacring the
population of a conquered country;
"but," he added, "what makes me
most uneasy is the fear of distracted
counsels. Whatever you do. hold to
gether in face of the enemy's designs."
THE SLAUGHTER OF BIRDS.
where necessary and the expense provided for when the
annual tax budget is being estimated.
There are other good ideas for development in the
way of providing for the comfort and health of pedes
trians, such as convenience stations, drinking fountains,
resting places, etc., but the! safety, statfon is good for
a beginning and should be seriously considered.
THE SAN FRANGISGQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . .,..-. ..../. Address All Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
PubIi«ition_OITice _. Third and Market Streets. S. F.'
SATURDAY '. . ..................................;.... .....77. JULY 2,^7
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8The "California bodies" of the An
cient and Accepted Scottish Rite have
been in existence less than two years
and in that time have gained a mem
bership of about 300.
The directors of the Albert Pike
Memorial Temple Association are Fred
J.' H. Rickon, president: Frank B.
Ladd, vice president; William Crocker,
treasurer; W. I. Brobeck, secretary,
and W. C. Ordway.
structure to be devoted solely to the
uses of the Scottish rite west of the
Rocky Mountains.
When completed its cost will repre
sent an investment of $100,000.
At 2 o'clock next Saturday afternoon,
July 9, Most Worshipful Grand Mas
ter Dr. Nutting will lay the corner
stone, on which occasion a very large
assemblage of representative citizens
is expected to be present.
California Commandery and Golden
Gate Commandery, Knights Templar,
and San Francisco Consistory will act
as an escort of the Grand Lodge at
the ceremonies.
This new Masonic Temple, which will
cover 82 feet by 137 and will be three
stories high, will contain one of the
most perfect and costly scenic outfits
in America, and the stage will be fitted
with the latest and moat complete im
provements.
The temple is to be used exclusively
by the "California bodies" as a cathe
dral and, of course, with the addition
of social rooms for its members. -It
will be the first building of its kind in
California and actually the first
The Albert Pike Memorial Temple,
which is to be .erected on Geary street,
between Fillmore and Steiner, promises
to be one of the most imposing and
picturesque structures in San Fran
cisco.
The building will take its name from
the late General Albert Pike, who was
one of the greatest lights in Scottish
Freemasonry. The temple, which has
been designed by T. Paterson Ross,
will be of Romanesque architecture.
The front will be of buff brick and
terra cotta.
Go to Uncle Tom's Cabin, San Bruno,
to spend the 4th — finest resort on coast*
With a view of assisting the visi
tors In gleaning every possible infor
mation regarding San Francisco the
California State Board of Trade,
through Secretary L; M. Fletcher, has
been showing them attention. The
board has arranged a reception for
them at its rooms this morning at 9
o'clock. H. P. Stabler of the Sacra
mento Valley Board of Trade will be
present at the reception in the hope
of inducing the visitors to make a
trip through the northern part of the
State.
Among the guests at the St. Francis
Hotel are two observing Parisians,
one, Gaston Alberti, representing the
Ministry of Commerce of France, and
the other, Paul Desachy, editor of Le
Siecle. They have come to this coun
try to study conditions among all
classes of people, Alberti intending to
Incorporate his observations in a re
port to hl« department, while Editor
Desachy will use his as the founda
tion for a number of interesting arti
cles for his paper. During their few
days' stay in San Francisco they have
been traveling about constantly and
have been deeply interested in the
sights of the city. On their way to
the coast the Frenchmen visited the
St. Louis Exposition and in returning
eastward they purpose to go to Yel
lowstone Park.
FRENCHMEN STUDYING
AMERICAN* CONDITIONS
NEW YORK, July 1. — The following
Californians are registered at the
hotels in New York:
From San Francisco -r- Miss E.
Brerse, at the Holland; J. M. Francis
and E. A- Francis, at the Hotel York;
A. Genthe, at the Imperial; Miss E. F.
Johnson, at the Holland; H- E. Low
and wife, at the Hoffman; Miss Mont
gomery and W. W. Morrow, at the
Holland; O. S. Orrick Jr.. at the Park
Avenue; J. Tyson, M. Tyson, Miss M.
Tyson, Miss J. Tyson and G. A. Tyson,
at the Holland House; J. C. Aird, at
the Cosmopolitan; E. Beverzin, at the
Grand Union; the Misses Ludlow, at
the Grenoble: L. Mclntosh and wife, at
the Cosmopolitan, and R. A. Stackwell,
at the Netherland.
From Los Angeles — S. E. Burton
and A. C. Burton, at the Gilsey House;
R. R. Goode, at the Earlington; -C. R.
Hickson and wife and A. S. Shook and
wife, at the Bartholdi.
Callfornians in New York.
BIRMINGHAM. -Ala.. July 1. — Seven thou
t»^d •ft^'e 'hundred union tnlners in the employ
tfl the vwlous furnace corporations in this
.diftrtct- >i:*i>er.<5e<J wofk to-day pending th«
K'Vptlcn of a new wake s"ale.
PERSONAL.
Dr. B. Williams of Fresno is at the
Lick.
P. J. Flanagan, a capitalist of Reno,
is at the Grand.
Edward Fisher, a business man of
Vacaville, is at the Lick.
W. H. Stimson. a lumber man of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
W. S. Arnold, a mill man of Los An
geles, and his wife are at the Grand.
H. Drescher, one of Sacramento's
leading merchants, is at the St. Fran
cis.
Dionisio Torres, a wealthy resident
of Fuerte Sinaloa. Mexico, is at the
Lick.
State Controller E. P. Colgan is
down from Sacramento and staying -it
the Lick.
J. C. Ralston, the well known min
ing man. returned yesterday from a
visit to Eureka and is registered at the
Palace. .
W. E. Dodge, a prominent manu
facturer of New York, and D. H.
Cousins, a business man of Pittsburg,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Charles Cooke Wanamaker, city ed
itor of the Philadelphia Public Led
ger, who is making a tour of the
coast, has been in this city for several
days.
/.STOCKTON. July 1.— The thirteenth
: Ysrmal convention of the California
rotate -Epworth Leaerue of the Metho
dist Episcopal Church South got down
'ft'i busings to-day, and sessions will be
•£eld-. daily and In the evenings until
Bflsday night. There are nearly 150
delegates- present from all parts of the
?tate. * .
: '^T<>*day'p cession was opened with the
consecration services, led by Rev. M.
¦'jHodfeson of this city. Rev. J. C. Woot
¦.en of Berkeley spoke on "The Law" as
: connected with Bible study. Rev. IV.
A. Orr rendered a vocal nolo. The morn.
¦Ingr session was concluded with the
:< lass-meeting, led by Rev. A. Odom of
: La. Grande.
. M. -Knox White of Los Angeles
¦ openfd the afternoon session by lead
ens; in the devotions. Rev. J. C. Wooten
spoke- on the subject "The Prophets"
end made. a. very Interesting address.
"VV." FFank Greenleaf presided over the
department of worship. President C.
M.. Paine of the local chapter interested
•'he delegates with an address on
". T'nity of Sympathy in the Devotional
V- -.vice,"" and Horace X. Caldwell of
"Oak'dale .spoke of "The Relation of For
.rna-iity to Spirituality." Interesting re
"marks were ma<?e by William Kirkland
Jr. of 'Merced on "Harmony in the De
votional."
SPATES IJPWORTH LEAGUE
•:. .'•'- ' MEETS IX STOCKTON
VIKW OF NEW MASONIC TEMPL.K, DP.SIGXED BY ARCHITECT T. PATERSON
RO?S. THE CORNERSTONE OF WHICH WILL. BE UAID NEXT SATURDAY
WITH ALL. THE PROFOUND CEREMONY OF SCOTTISH RITE
SAX JOSE. July 1.— Hurled fifty feet
in the air by u passenger- train that
was running thirty miles an hour, and
escaping with a few severe bruises,
was the experience of Charles Ehman
between College Park and this city this
afternoon. A large bundle of blankets
carried on his back, which acted as a
buffer for the blow struck by the loco
motive is what saved the man's life.
Ehman, who is a laborer about 39
years of age, was walking to San Fran
cisco.
There is a double track at the point
where the man was struck, and in
stepping from the track to avoid a
northbound train he walked directly in
front of one going the opposite direc
tion. The engineer sounded a warning,
but it was too late. Ehman was hurled
fifty feet into the air and fell to the
ground. The train was stopped and
the crew expected to pick up a dead
man. Ehman was found sitting on the
side of the road looking around for his
hat. He was offered a ride into the
city and medicai aid by the railroad
physician. He declined and said that
he would be all right In a short time.
Later the police received a telephone
message that the man was near the
woolen mills and could not walk. The
patrol wagon was sent after him and
he was brought to the receiving hospi
tal. Dr. Grissim, the railroad physi
cian, examined him, and found that no
bones were broken and that aside from
a few bruises and the effect of the
shock Ehman would be all right in a
few days. He was sent to the county
hospital to rest up. The bundle of
blankets saved the man's life.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE. July 1.— The reception
E.id banquet of the Santa Clara Bar
AFPociation. which takes place to-mor
'Vrv; eVenlnff at the * Hotel Vendome.
) ecaiise of the prominence of the In
vited guests, has attracted the attention
...f- law yets all over the State. Judge
A\ ~L. Rhodes of the Superior Court of
;his tiff an d an' ex-Chief Justice of the
-Ptate Supreme Court, is to be the spe
¦^jaKgxicst of honor. AH the members
. V'f -the Supreme Court and the ex-mem
>.£rf - are'eoming. Besides these there
,\v;;|.-be members of the bar from most
.£?.the California cities.
I;' T.'.A: Scheller. president of the Santa
ICQtrk -Cpunty Bar Association, will be
•t'he- president of the .evening and will
. ffeli-vei* the ".welcoming address. The
"tcaWmaster wT.l be John E. Richards.
¦R-espo£ses will be made by Chief Jus
¦}.!f.e,W. H. Beatty, ex-Chief Justice
John. Ctirrey of San Francisco, Hon.
¦¦Jvhn Garber -.of San Francisco and
¦J-adgre A. L. Rhodes. Music will be fur
risbed by D'Ablaingr's orchestra.
•' -Abo'ot one hundred attorneys are ex
pe»,ted to be present. A very attractive
card, which will serve as a sou
r; Vfnir. of the occasion, has been issued.
TJhe.rfeasrt and decorations will be elab
orate. '.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Victim Is Slightly Injured
and Declines an Offer of a
Free Ride on the Train
Justices of Supreme Court
.and 'Prominent Attorneys
. to Honor Venerable Jurist
ESCAPE IS MIRACULOUS
GfiEAT FEAST PLANNED
Notable Lawyers From
All Sections Will Attend
: Banquet to Judge Rhodes
Man Is Hurled Fifty Feet
by a Locomotive, but Is
Saved by Roll of Blankets
OWES HIS LIFE
TO HIS "PACK"
LEARNED MEN
TO ASSEMBLE
Albert Pike Memorial Temple to Be Devoted to
Sole Use of Ancient and Accepted Scottish
Rite — Will Be an Ornament Architecturally
PICTURESQUE ADDITION
TO CITY'S STRUCTURES
WALKS FORTH
STARK NAKED
HAYTI FACES
NEW TROUBLE
Fiance Is Not Inclined to
Accept Apology for At
tack on Her Minister
Scantily Robed as Truth
J. L. Smith Wanders Along
Street in the Daylight
REJECTS ALL GARMENTS
SENDS A CURT DEMAND
Says Palace Guards Who
Took Part in Affair Must
Be Summarily Punished
WASHINGTON, July l.-Thf Prwsldfnt to
day appointed D. A. Robinson postmaster at
Dallas, Tex. There had been a vigorous con
test oven the office.
Oregon Metropolis Ships More Than
00,000,000 Feet of Lumber In
Fiscal Year.
PORTLAND, Or., July 1.— During
the year ended June 30 this city ex
ported to foreign ports 60,246,538 feet
of lumber of the value of $755,379.
Most of these exports went to the Ori
ent, including heavy shipments of
piling sent to Tsingtau, China, al
though a large portion was exported
to South Africa.
PORTLAND'S EXPORTS TO
ORIENT ARE HEAVY
PORTLAND, Or., July 1. — The to
tal production of wheat in the States
of Oregon and Washington for the ce
real year which ended June 30, 1904,
was 33,584,970 bushels, as compared
with 41,679,435 bushels last year. The
shipments (flour reduced to wheat
measure, four and a half bushels to
the barrel) were distributed as fol
lows: Shipped foreign from Puget
Sound, 11,868,168 bushels; from Port
land, 8, 400, 865 bushels. Shipped East
by rail from the coast. 1,783,957 bush
els; coastwise to California, 4,255,539
bushels. The balance, 7,306,261 bush
els, was consumed at home, is still un
sold in the hands of the farmer or is
retained for seeding.
Large Shipments of Cereals and Flour
Arc Made at Portland and
Puget Sound. v ; v '
NORTHERN" STATES JUAKK
GOOD WHEAT SHOWING
WASHINGTON, July 1. — United
States Minister Powell, at Port au
Prince, Hayti, has reported to the
State Department that the Haytlan
Government yesterday, with much pub
lic pomp, made apology to the French
Minister because his ' carriage was
stoned by the palace ' guards. ' The
French Minister's wife is the sister of
Mayor McClellan of New York. The
French Government Is not satisfied,
however; and the' Haytian authorities
have been curtly informed that • the
persons guilty of the outrage upon the
representative of France must be sum
marily punished. What the result of
this demand Is has. not yet been re
ported to the State Department.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
He Declines the Offer of
Handkerchief and Barrel,
but Is Finally Clothed
They know too much about family
trees to have much reverence for them
in heaven.
BALTIMORE. July 1. — Larry Tem
ple and Joe Walcott, both of New
York, fought ten hard rounds to a
draw to-night before the Eureka Ath
letic Club.
Another Draw for Walcott.
As naked as truth, J. L. Smith
started to promenade Kearny street
yesterday morning.
In these artificial days when South
Sea Islanders bow to the proprieties
to the extent of palm leaves^ — and when
even summer bathing girls wear some
thing—Smith's retrogression In dress
reform caused something of a sensa
tion.
Casting off his clothing, he emerged
from his lodgings at 523 Kearny street
and ambled up the street. There we're
those who believed a ghost had walked,
and an unmarried elderly lady shrieked
and swallowed a set of teeth.
"He did not even have a necktie on,"
she said.
. Lightly as a wood nymph, though
terrifying as a Satyr, and as care free
as old Adam, Smith trotted along the
sidewalk. The crowd parted for him,
and women, after the first terrified
glance, seemed Intensely Interested In
the distant horizon.
A laborer on his way to work held out
a bandana handkerchief to the man
who had gone back to nature with a
rush. "For decency's sake wear some
thing," pleaded the son of toil.
Scornfully the naked man waved
aside the gift. "Let me alone," he
shouted, "I'm God."
A hand-me-down vendor of garments
saw a possible customer and clutched
at the maniac. "Step right in, sir,"
said the clothier; you out In ten
minutes from tip to toe. Show you
some fine garments, sir; step right In."
By a herculean effort the naked man
tore himself away from the shark and
burst into a saloon at Pine and Kearny
streets. With great presence of mind
the bartender quickly knocked the head
from a beer barrel and passed it over
to Smith. "Wear this." entreated the
bartender. But the garment did not
appeal to Smith's fastidious tastes.
Corporal O'Meara, who alighted from
a passing car, rushed into the saloon
and cast a table cloth over Smith's
body. Garbed in this improvised togra
Smith was taken to the City Prison.
He has been mentally unbalanced for
some time and was considered a harm
less religious crank.
The boats and trains of the North Shore
Railroad (Sausalito Ferry) will run on Sunday
schedule both July 3 and 4. Sunny Marln and
Sonoma counties, from the Lagunltas to To
males Bay, tha Russian River and the Hi*
Trees of Caxadero. provide attractive resorts
and quiet places to spend the Fourth of July
Reduced rates July 1 to i. inclusive; good until
July 5. Call at Information bureau, 62tf Market
street, San Francisco, for time card and "Short
Scenic Trips." •
Fourth of July Excursions.
The Board of Public Works yester
day sent a communication to the Civil
Service Commission requesting that
the examination for street sweeper3
and inspectors be postponed for one
month. The commission has an
nounced that it will proceed at once
with the examination if the board
does not furnish information regard-
Ing the duties of sweepers and fore
men.
The board began the work of
sweeping the streets yesterday and de
sires to make practical observations
before outlining the duties of the em
ployes engaged in the work. The 175
sweepers formerly employed by the
contractors are all employed by the
city. The necessary apparatus was
rented from the contractors.
STREET SWEEPERS DELAYED
Warden Fleming will report on
Monday if he has any spare beds and
only the most deserving will be sent
to the institution in that event. Levy
says there will be a general weeding
out of cases and chronics will not be
permitted to remain in the hospital
The Board of Health yesterday sent
notices to the various medical col
leges not to send cases to the City and
County Hospital. This is due to the
fact that the limit of patients has been
fixed at 425, owing to the insufficiency
of the appropriation to care for a
larger number. All applicants must
appear at the health office, where
Deputy Health Officer Levy will reg
ister them for future admittance,
should the limit of 425 patients be
reached in the institution.
APPLICATIONS MUST COME
TO MAIN HEALTII OFFICE
The following have been appointed
from the eligible list to the sub-clerks'
list Maurice Asher. William Lobbau,
Peter M. Butt Jr., Thomas F. Leahy
Patrick J. King. Ernest J. Scheffler'
Benjamin J. Tym, Joseph jFbSS.
?I aU f » S x? e ?? e> Herman Schmidt
James P. Mulligan. Thomas J. Grav
and Charles Maher.
Postmaster Fisk announced yester
day the following promotions and ap
pointments: George S. McCord, pro
moted from sub-clerk to mailing
clerk; Frederick J. Ford, from sub
clerk to registry clerk, vice Charles
M. Keeler. resigned. This office has
been allowed eighteen additional clerks
beginning July 1, 1904, at salaries of
$600 each. The following promotions
have been made: George H. Johann
sen, from sub-clerk to distributer;
Edward P. Armbruster, same; Otis E.
Merrill, sub-clerk to registry clerk-
Alfred Drysdale. same; Walter L
Frye. Allen L. McGinn, William N.
Barrett and Charles W. Searchlight
to mailing clerks; W. F. Lauthier'
Frank R. Qulnn, Charles W. Mitchell'
George H. Wagner, Stephen F. Carty'
James M. Cunningham, Adolph Balz'
James P. Costello and Fred L. Bau
meister, to distributers. Two addi
tional laborers have been allowed.
John H. Kelly and A. G. Mitchell have
been appointed as such.
Large Number of Clerks Advanced on
the Roll and New Ones From
Eligible List.
POSTOFFICE PROMOTION'S
AXD 'APPOINTMENTS
Madame Cecile Dolon's effort to ob
tain a life interest in the home she
has been occupying at 127 Oliveavenue
from W. H. Chickering:, the Oakland
attorney, has come to naught. Superior
Judge Seawell yesterday rendered a
written opinion in the case, with judg
ment in favor of Chlckerlng. (
The suit was brought by Mrs. Dolon
to re-form a deed dated September 8,
1894, by which she conveyed to Chick
ering certain property on Ellis street
and Olive avenue. She alleged that
for many years Chickering had been
her attorney and confidential adviser
and she became indebted to him in the
sum of $1500. While, so indebted it
was. agreed between them, she said,
that she should convey to him the
land; that he should pay a mortgage
for $6000 standing on the property
and pay her in cash $1000 and that
there should be reserved in the deed a
life estate in a portion of the lot.
Chickering prepared the deed, which
contained no reservation to the plain
tiff of the life estate. Mrs. Dolon de
clared she could not read and did not
know of the omission.
Mrs. Dolon's testimony was con
tradicted by Chickering, who admit
ted, however, that he told her she
might occupy a part of the property
so long as he was owner of it.
The action was brought to re-form
the deed by Inserting the reservation.
The court holds that the testimony of
the plaintiff at the trial as well as the
letter given In evidence showed con
clusively that she did not intend there
should be any express mention of the
life estate In the deed, but that she
trusted Chickering without any writ
ing to carry out their agreement.
Judge Seawell says further that Chick
ering paid the full value of the prop
erty.
Judge Scawell Finds That Oakland
Attorney Did Xot Violate Agree
ment With the Woman.
CHICKERIXG WINS SUIT
FROM CECILE DOLOX
THE SAN FRANCISCO'.- CALL, -SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS. .
INGLESIDE
C0URS1NII PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and . . -
SI IINJnAV
Coursing will begin at 11 o'clock iharp an<J
continue until the last winning flag goes up. .
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000 .
All M!»»lon-st. cars transfer to Cuerrera.
cars, which go direct to the park. • . '
• " •
JOH.V GRACE. Judge. .. ' •.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper. !
LAST MATIXEE TO-DAY. ¦•
i^AST hioht . '; :
MRS. LESLIE CARTER
In DU Q*\F?F?*v -
Prices— «. SI 50. SI 73c. 50c.".
OPENING TO-MORROW" MATINEE.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Original Neill Company . .
In Clyde Fitch's Patriotic Drama.
BARBARA FRIETCrtlE.
Special Summer Prices . 15c, 25*. 50c
Beit Reserved Seat In Orchestra 50c-^X«
Higher— EXTRA MATINEE MONDAY. July 4.
I I V UL| HOUSE.
EVENINGS AT^ 8 SHARP. . •
flAlllll Thc Greatest
Di 01 61 Comic Opera
HI Bl I ¦« Performance.
I III UIII tverSeen In
HOOD sC
ARTISTS.
Extra Matinee Monday July 4.
PKOMEHADE THE SMOXEB3 1
CIRCLE, 3d rioor, PAOADISE.
Usual Tivoll Prices — 25c. 50c;. .73c. '
Seats Always Selling — Only Matine« Sat.
SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY, JULY 4
VA1EBIE BEKGEEE AND COMPANY;
OalUsrher aad Barrett; John 7. Clark
and th« Harrow Trio. Last tlm«s of
HELEN BERTRAM;
Foster and roster; How* and Scott;
Oracey and Burnett, and Orpncunv
Motlon Pictures. Showlnjr Berlew et
tha S. T. riBE DE?ABTME»T. '
Regular matinee Every Wednesday. Thurs*
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 23o*
and 50c. . . . .
ALCAZAR "SaST'
___ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.. .
Evsr.. to 75c. Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 2.V lA'.Vte.
WHITE ¦
WHITTLESEY
In Augustus Thomas' Dramatization of Rlcharl
Harding Davis' Popular Story.- . '
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
"Performance was excellent. "-*-Chronlcl«. '
"Went with a dash." — Post.
11 TI VT A Comrmtacln* with Special
«J \J *-* a T" Independence Day ilatlne*.
WHITE WHITTLESEY In . ' . . •
"ONE SUMMER'S DAY." •
Market street, near Eighty. .Phone- South -533
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS. . '
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW..
First Time Here of the" Strong Heart-Interest
. Drama. _ ' ¦ '¦ • •
I POWER OFTHE CROSS]
An Immense Success In New York'- .
•MagnlHcent Scenic Effects! . ¦
Brilliant Cast:
DDirpC Evenings :..10c to "SOo
rnlWCO Matinees : 10c. 15c. %o
Startla* Jnly 4 Matinee— WEDDZD
AITS PASTED. ' . '
Last Days of-
"THE MOSMONS."
Remember .the date, up to and 'Including: Frt-
' day. July 8. *-\ '.
mmmmmmimmmmmmm JjXTSA —¦—¦¦¦¦—¦¦ •
SPECIAL MATINEE ON JULY 4.-
Commencing" SATURDAY. July 0 — First tlm«
..-«- . here of
M A Z.TTCXY STOJTE."
A Musical Burlesque by- rolltn Davis and
Frank Wltmark. with this extraordinary -rait :
Dorothy Morton. Queen of Burlesque; Nor»
Hayes. Queen of Comediennes; Rice & Cady.
Emperors cf German Corh«*dy: B'obby .North.
Peer of Hebrew Comedians: Edwin Clark. Ben
Dillon. Roy Alton. Garrity Sisters. Chorus, of So
Pretty Girls, a Tower of Specialties. New and
Striking Scenery, Costumes, etc. .-•'¦*; ».
Matinees Saturday -and Sunday. ""
Same Popular Prices.
Splendid Show Every Afternoon and
Evening- tn the Theater: . .
TAKE A RIDE ON T.HE ? .
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAXZAOAO.
1 Esmeralda and Her BABY MONKEY la th*
zao.
INSPECT CABARET D.B LA MORT.
Hear ise Pnrumatio Symphony Orchestrion.
Look Out for "AR$O!"
Fireworks Monday Night
Paiarp D0NT FAIL T0
laiaww see the beautifu i
j COUKT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
Uiiu PaRLOR, the
r~~~4 PALM ROOM, the
IiniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
viiuuu LOR the LA
WU^1~ DIES * WRITING
I Hotels *oom
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAIL
FREE-A Scientific Toaster Free to Want Advertisers in Sunday sEdition-FREE
' t j£ ADVEBTISEMsyTE.
4$2^\5k& Macaroni and Cheese. ha
«|KZ£rr§«lL Materials; — Half pound maca- JfJJkL.
W^ffi V^-*g . rOnl * b°'l' n S salted water, two table- JMlgj
.^Jfcjr^£^^~~ spoonfuls butter, half cupful grated j^ng
%^V ® fi cheese, salt and pepper, bread $jS£%
Led. Hi. Per v ins'
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE '
Seasoning I — When this dish is served pass with it a bottle of
Lea <& Perrins' Sauce. A little sprinkicd over it will give a
marked improvement in flavor. It is equally good — if not better
— when added before baking.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, A(enu, NEW YORK.
llgPJIjjKBHBHja BB |j^ IBjV I w^ II 11 w\ I jro
Hall <
tfSg^ g1^ SOUTHERN 8 PAcIfIC
AJ3VEKTISEMENTS*
A RED HOT FOURTH
w*n. .be hard on shirts, collars, cuffs
and. vests unless they are laundered
at i.- first-class laundry like the United
.States. 'You will find that your linen
VaiII keep clean longer and in better
.condition in hot weather when it is
xione.up heTe than at any other laun-
dry -in town. _
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
'• ' 1004 MAEKET. BTEEET.
Telephone South 480.
WhenYoiirStomach I
is Away from
Home
Ypa hare to be a bit careful of it.
?Vhen yon are going East, for instance,
It m»y trouble jtm after yon climb down
ffpo the Rocky Mountains, if yoo do
net treat it welL Changed conditions
aa.lte it tenaitiTe. The thing to do is
to prorid* It with the best dining pos-
eiWe— and tie t>est dining possible is,
as nearly every traveler knows, provided
fey the Borlingtpn Eoste, a la carte.
Let .me tell yea more about it.
W. D. SIN BORN. General Agent.
mu 631 Market SL, San Frandsc*. Cat.VANCOUVER, B. C., July i:— A spe
cial from Dawson says: .The gold out
put to June 30 has been > $150,000 «more
than during the same period last year.
The' season's- output is estimated at
more than $13,000,000.
Large . Gold Output at Dawson.
, PEORIA.. 111., ; July .1— The Bradley
Polytechnic Institute has received 1800
Angora goats from the South to be used
on farms owned :by: the institute in
the Bradley endowment. The goats
will*clear-the brush'from hundreds of
acres preparatory to cultivation." :> Mrs.'
Bradley's. experience is one of indorse
ment of the goat as a brush cleaner.
Animals . Used by Polytechnic School
to Clear Brush From Hundreds
of Acres.
ANGORA GOATS PREPARE
FARMS' FOR CULTIVATORS
having $18,500 in the treasury. It will
distribute $20,000 in purses and stakes
among the horsemen this year.
The McKinney mare, Miss Georgie,
took a record of 2:11% in a winning race
at. Denver last week. She was bred at
the Nutwood Stock Farm, Irvington.
and is owned by VW. A. Clark Jr.
Lou Dillon, 1:58^, seems better than
ever this year. She was driven: an ex
hibition mile in 2:04V* to wagon at
Cleveland last Saturday by- her owner,
C. K. G. Billings. - - .. -
Radcliffe Charged With Murder.
A Coroner's jury returned a verdict
yesterday charging Harry R. Radcliffe
with the murder of Andrew Reilly on
June 26. No new evidence was elic
ited at the inquest.
sidlo Shoal buoy, round it, and back to
Powell-street wharf, finishing between
the wharf and the stakeboat. The
length of the course Is fourteen nautif
cal miles.. The stakeboat over the site
of Blossom Rock is left on the star
board hand, so f as to avoid the gybe
which used to be made round Blossom
Rock buoy. -
In previous races for the Challenge
Cup each club has had a representative
on the boat of the other club, but these
will be dispensed with this : year, . as
they have been found to serve no good
purpose and to be in. the way of the
crews.
ST. LOUIS. July 1.— At Saints
Peter and Paul's Cathedral at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning Francis Joseph
Mackin of San Francisco was married
to Miss A'nne Elizabeth Coller. daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. James Coller of
Bluff Station. The attendants were
Edga# A. Smith of San Francisco and
Miss Lucy Irene Coller, sister of the
bride. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. Father E. L. Spaulding.
The couple departed to-day for an ex
tended trip, after which they will go
to San Francisco to reside.
Francis J. Mackin of San Francisco
Weds Miss Anne E. Coller
at St. Louis. :
EASTERN GIRL BECOMES
BRIDE OF CALIFORNIAN
NEW YORK, July 1.— A great rush
of applicants "for positions in the new
Department of Licenses, which has
supervision of employment agencies,
has caused new records to be hung up
by the municipal Civil Service Commis
sion. Sixteen inspectors are to be ap
pointed, and there were exactly 2109 ap
plicants. Five hundred went away dis
couraged, but the others took the ex
amination, leaving 100 seekers for every
Job. The salary is $1500 a year.
Commissioners Who Have S ixteen
Places to Fill in New Department
Receive 2100 Applications.
CIVIL SERVICE RECORDS .
BROKEN IN NEW YORK
CHICAGO, July 1.— Railway build
ing in the United States during the
first six months of 1904 shows a falling
off in comparison with the correspond
ing periods of 1902 and 1903. Increased
operating expenses and decreased traf
fic, resulting in smaller net earnings,
together with the continued stringency
in the money market, supply the ex
planation of the decline in construc
tion.
Operating expenses were materially
Increased during the first quarter by
the severity of the winter and spring
found many of the railroads borrowing
money for present necessities.
Stringency In Money Market and In
crease in Operating Expenses
Causes Slump in Building.
RAILROAD CONSTRUCTION
WORK ON THE DECLINE
ST. LOUIS, July 1. — It is learned
that an attempt has been made to
wreck the great organ, the largest in
the world, in Festival Hall. at t the
World's Fair, by cutting the secondary
bellows. This will not affect the
working of the organ, which can be
operated with the primary bellows.
As a result of this attempt of van
dalism the company, that is building
the organ, which Is only partially fin
ished, will hereafter exclude from the
stage all except those employed in the
construction of the instrument.
Secondary Bellows of Great Organ at
Exposition Is Slashed With
a Knife.
VANDAL. CONTINUES WORK
OF DESTRUCTION AT FAIR
The crew representing the Alameda
Boat Club in the intermediate and
senior barge races contains three of
the men who made up the winning
crew in the junior class at last year's
championship . regatta — A. \ G. Webb,
Edward Hansen and George Schroeder.
B. G. Lyons - was in last year's-inter
mediate barge ; crew. - ~: :4 -i.%
Senior barge: Alameda Boat Club— Same as
in intermediate class. Ariel Rowing Club —
James Wilson, bow; A. Keegan, No. 2; P. H.
Wilson. No. 3; Charles Wilson, stroke; Eddie
Flanders, cockswain. South End Rawing Club
— George Collopy, bow; Emll Cashman, No. 2;
Ed Pallas, No. 3; E. Scully, stroke; Albert
Bonnenberg, cockswain.
The distance of all the races will be
one and a half miles with a turn. The
colors of the clubs are as follows: Ariel
Rowing Club,' royal blue and white;
Alameda\Boat Club, red, blue and
white; Dolphin Boating Club, dark blue
and white: South End Rowing Club,
red and white. 1 §*t1W£'£*
Junior barge: South End Rowing. Club — F.
Baker, bow; H. Yvright, No. , 2; W. Gibson,
No. 3; B. : Marsh, stroke; Albert Sonnenberg,
cockswain. Alameda Boat Club — W. S. *tJll
logly. bow; C. McConnell. No. 2; Ftenk Hunt,
No. 3: F. M. Shay, stroke; Carson Donnelly,
cockswain. Ariel Rowing - Club — Matt , Brady,
bow; H. Opeldt, No. 2; Henry Williams, No.
3; "Edward Murphy, stroke.' Dolphin Boating
Club— F. Selbel, bow; T. R. Dlxon. No. 2; W.
A. Remensperger, ' No. 3; H. . A. Swedland,
stroke; J. J. Cronln. cockswain.
Intermediate -barge: Alameda Boat Club — G.
F. Schroder, bow; E. V. Hansen. No. 2; B. J.
Lyons,' No. 3; A. C. Webb Jr., stroke; Carson
Donnelly, cockswain. Dolphin * Boating Club —
A. Bertrand. bow; E. Scheppler, No. 2; T.
Harris, No. 3; W. Harris, stroke; W. Wood,
cockswain. '
In the annual championship rowing
regatta, to be held on Lake Merritt
on Independence day under the man
agement of the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union, there will
be five events — junior, intermediate and
senior barge races, junior and senior
outrigged skiff races. In the single
shell events no entries have been made,
the only men who might have made
them being in one or other of the barge
crews.
In the junior barge race, which comes
third on the programme, the entries are
the Alameda, Ariel, Dolphin and South
End clubs. In the intermediate barge
race; the* entries are the Alameda, Ariel
and Dolphin clubs. In the senior barge
race the Alameda, Ariel and j South
End clubs have entered. In the junior
outrigged skiff race the entries are: H.
Nelson of the Alameda Boat Club, F. J.
Sherry of the Dolphin Boating Club,
M. Cashman of the South End Rowing
Club and E. J. Lynch of the Ariel Row
ing Club, with the proviso that the new
skiff is received in time. In the senior
outrigged skiff race entries have been
received from A. W. Pape of the 1 Dol
phin Boating Club and E. B. Thorn
ing of the Alameda Boat Club. The
barge crews are made up as follows:
Waters of Lake Merritt to
l*e bcene of Annual
Begatta.
Ariel, Dolphin, South End
and Alameda Crews Will
Strive for Victory.
AHIKI.. AND SOUTH END SENIOR
CREWS. OF WHICH MUCH IS
EXPECTED.
The "Corinthian fleet, or at least some |
<jf the larger yachts, will cruise this
evening to Army Point, proceeding to
morrow through Montezuma Slough to ]
•Vallejo, where anchors will be dropped
for. the night. On Monday the yachts
av:11 race down from Vallejo to Tiburon
or some point near Belvedere cove, each
iboaf receiving' an arbitrary handicap.
I'his'is the first attempt of the Corin
thians to hold a race from Vallejo to
"iiburqn 'and it is no easy task for the
'¦regatta committee to assign proper
handicaps. The tide on Monday is not
suitable "for such an event, as it be
gins to flood at S:33 a. m. at Fort Point,
rendering an early start from Vallejo
necessary so as to get well down the
ba'y v/ith the ebb tide.
• The fleet of: the California Yacht
Club "will cruise this evening to San
Mateo po-int, where a clambake will
tie held to-morrow. The fleet will re
turn to moorings in Oakland Creek on
Monday. . On Sunday, the 10th inst., the
annual r2ce for the Wallace trophy will
be held by the : Calif ornia Yacht Club.
The' fleet of the South Bay Yacht
Club will cruise to-night, starting at
8:45, to Redwood City, where it will
anchor. Ladies will be aboard several
of the yachts. On. Sunday, the 10th
lnst.. there will be a regatta for schoon
ers for the Sonniksen Cup, the start be
ing at 12:30 p. pa
in the formal challenge for the Per
petual Cup the racing length of the
Corinthian was given as 29.91 feet.
Should the boat, on being measured,
prove to have a smaller racing length,
6he will still have to race at 29.91 feet,
whereas, is she turns out to have a
greater racing length, she will have to
give a corresponding time allowance to
the San Francisco boat. The official
measurement of the two yachts will be
made next Tuesday at Stone's yard, in
Tiburon cove, or other convenient spot,
by George Harrold, measurer of the
Corinthian Yacht Club, and W. W. Far
rar, the San Francisco Club measurer.
The race will be in charge of the re
gatta committees of the two clubs, with
Allen M. Clay of the California Yacht
Club as referee. The officials will be
conveyed over the course on the steam
er Resolute or £unol, tickets for which
may be purchased by any one desirous
of viewing: the race. The steamer will
be at the wharf at 11:30 a. m.; the pre
paratory gun for the race will be fired
at 12:25 p. m., and the starting gun at
12:20 p." m. The course is that of the
Ban Francisco Yacht Club, the chal
lenged party. The yachts start across
a line between two stake Doats-'anchor
ed off Powell-street wharf and Eail
thence due north three miles to a point
beyond Point Blunt and about opposite
to Quary Cove, Angel Island; thence
beat out to Presidio Shoal buoy, leav
ing Alcatraz Island on the starboard
hand: round the buoy, leaving It on
the port hand; thence to a. stakeboat
anchored over the site of Blossom
flock, leaving lt-on the starboard hand;
jbience beat out a eecond'tlxne to Fre-
.A cruise to Napa City is set down on
the schedule of the San Francisco
Yacht Club for the holidays. It is prob
able that Commodore W. G. Morrow
Vill'not make the trip, as he is desirous
to gf. out with -his crew ror practice on
the Challenger Jri the channel. The
frcat.race on .next SatuTday for the
perpetual Challenge Cup is drawing so
ficar that no opportunity for practice
will be lost by the captains of the Chal
lenger and the Corinthian.
The'crew of the Challenger will con
eist'of Commodore W. G. Morrow, cap
tain; ex-Commodore It. S. Bridgman, J.
C. : Cockerill, W. W. Haley, Harry
Helen, W. W. Farrar and Hillyer Deu
•prey. AV. G. Morrow, R. S. Bridgman
and J. C. Cockerill sailed on the Chal
lenger in the race of 1902, when she
won the trophy by defeating the Har
poon. Haley is one of the owners of the
eloop Sappho, Farrar owns the sloop
Alice. and Deuprey he sloop Marianne.
Inasmuch as the flagship will not make
ihe" cruise to Napa City, it is possible
the trip may be called off. Vice Com
inodore Jcuness, who, in company with
K. M. Welch, H. G. Toll and H. Gingg:.
has chaptered the schooner Challenge
for the rest of the season, will be in
command of the fleet during the holi
days.
The. 2:10 class pace is expected to be
one of the greatest races ever seen in
California. This class of pacers will
meet the' first time at Pleasanton, and
the following is the list of those which
will line up for the word: Ama A.
2:13%. Kelly Briggs 2:10%, Polka Dot
2:14%, Alone 2:09^4, Highball 2:12*4, Zo
lock 2:10*4. Dictatress 2:09%, Daedalion
2:11, Edwin S 2:14%, Toppy 2:10, Delphi
2:12% and Cuckoo ; 2:13%. This is hot
company and there is not a horse in it
but can beat his record. .
Los Angeles has announced a harness
meeting for November. A new associa
tion has been organized and a first
class programme is to be given soon. '
The Pacific Coast" Trotting Horse
Breeders' 'Association at Its annual
meeting, held last. week, elected the fol
lowing new board of directors:. E.'P.
Heald, president; J. C. Kirkpatrick,
first vice . president; F. H. Burke, ; sec
ond vice president; A. B. Spreckels, T.
J. Crowley,.I. L. Borden, C. A. Durfee,
A. ' J. Molera, James Coffin, George W.
Kingsbury and Robert ; S. , Brown. Cap
tain N. T. Smith was elected treasurer
and ,F. W. Kelly, secretary.; The-asso
ciation 'is -in' a flourishing condition.
The great trainer Budd Doble may be
seen in the sulky during the breeders'
meeting at San Jose: He is not train
ing a, string of horses for the circuit,
but he will be asked to show his great
trotter. Kinney Lou, 2:07%, one day of
therneet.; '-a
Everything seems favorable for a
short "but brilliant season of harness
racing this year in California. The
circuit will open at Pleasanton on the
27th. Nearly 200 horses have been
namedi in the different trotting and
pacing events that make up a four
days' programme. The week follow
ing this meeting at Pleasanton the
horses will be at the San Jose track
for four days, where the annual meet
ing of the Breeders' Association is to
be held and the rich $6000 Futurity
will be decided. Thence they wilJ
move to Vallejo for a meeting, of the
same duration; thence to Santa Rosa,
where they will close a four days'
meeting on Saturday, August 20, and
be ready to move the next day to Sac
ramento, where the State Fair will open
a two-^weeks' meeting with" the Occi
dent stake for three-year-old trotters.
This will be worth more than $3000 this
year.
More than $60,000 in purses and
stakes will be decided before this
short circuit is over. From Sacra
mento many of the leading stables
will go north, to compete for some
large stakes given by the Oregon State
Fair at Salem.
Great interest centers In the 2:24
class trotting events for which the
breeders and the State Fair have hung
up $2000, the Santa Rosa meeting
$1500,' Pleasanton $1000 and Vallejo
$1000. The high class mare Sonoma
Girl is. entered in the majority of
these events, but negotiations are on
for her Bale to an Eastern party for a
large sum. If sold she will be im
mediately shipped East and will not
compete on the coast tracks this year.
This will leave the race an open one
in which the winner will be hard for
even the wise ones to pick. Among
those entered in these trots are Mar
tin Carter's chestnut stallion, T C, by
Nutwood -Wilkes, j which has trotted
a quarter in 32 seconds; a Santa Rosa
horse called R W P, now in J. W.
Zibbell's ! string and spoken of as a
coming wonder; | H. C. Ahler's Tele
pone, by Direct; which has worked a
mile .in 2:13; Robert Burress' . Golden
Gate, -by Bay Bird, which has beaten
2:15 three times In a workout at Pleas
anton, and a horse from Eureka called
Morosco, which can! show a 2:10 gait.
If , one horse proves ' good enough to
win allthe races of this class on the
circuit he will earn about. $5000.
There are many flyers among the
green pacers also and 2:10 will proba
bly be beaten the first time they get
the word. : Billy Red, a bay , gelding
owned by J. D. Springer of Pleasanton,
stepped-the last half of that track in
1:01 several weeks ago. He will be
a sure starter at Pleasanton, barring
accidents. : . • \
Next Saturday there will be a Scotch
foursome over eighteen holes, medal
play, for men. Partners will be as
signed and their handicaps will then
be allotted. Prizes for this event have
been offered by C. A. Belden.
The annual tournament on the links
of the Burlingame Country Club for
the Poniatowski Cup for ladies , will
take place on Independence day. The
contest is over eighteen holes, medal
play, and begins at 10:30 o'clock In the
morning. It is open to members of any
golf club. The trophy must be won
twice by the same player before be
coming her permanent property.
The first contest occurred in 1899 and
was won by Miss Alice Moffltt (Mrs.
George Doubleday); .the second, in
1900, was won by Miss Caro Crockett
(Mrs. Laurence I. Scott); the third, in
1901, by Mrs. R. Gilman Brown; the
fourth, in 1902, by Miss Ruth Under
hill; the fifth, in 1903, by Miss Florence
•Whlttell.
On the same day there will be a
handicap for men on the Burlingame
course for a cup presented by the
members. The entries for the Ponia
towski Cup and for the handicap close
at the office of the club this evening.
The handicap will be posted on the
bulletin board at the club house.
On Independence day there will be
mixed foursomes over nine holes, medal
play, with handicap. Play will begin
at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Golfers will be busy on the San Ra
fael links during the holidays. This
morning, beginning at 9 o'clock, there
will be a handicap over eighteen holes,
medal play, for men. Beginning at 10
o'clock there will be a handicap, medal
play, for women.
J. R. Kei!niff and a party of friends
will leave for the Country Club on the
Truckee next Friday. Will Foulks se
cured fifteen trout on a fly on Thursday
evening in the Truckee.
A. B. Finch leaves to-day for his an
nual pilgrimage to Big Meadows.
"Mr. and Mrs. George Salmon and
Miss- Mabel Nace have returned from
Boulder Creek, where they caught a
large number of trout.
Many fishermen will spend the.holi
days at Santa Cruz, where there is a
good run of salmon.
Jabez Swan left yesterday for a short
stay on the Russian River. He will
try for both trout and bass.
Adolph Roos is enjoying the excellent
fishing at Tallac, on Lake Tahoe. Many
anglers are at the lake.
Achille Roos leaves for Webber Lake
on Tuesday. W. C. Murdock, A. Lan
german, Ed Schultz and Jim Maynard
have returned from Webber. The fly
fishing had just commenced when they
left. The trout are taking the black
gnat, March brown and the Langerman
blue-bottle.
In addition to trout the fishermen
may take black bass, as the season
opened yesterday. The Russian River
is a favorite haunt of- these fish, which
are considered a gamer fighter than the
trout.
The Independence day holidays will
be stirring times for the trout in all the
coast and mountain streams. Men and
maids, skilled and unskilled in the
subtle art of the angler, will be abroad
in the land in countless thousands. The
city sportsmen will be equipped with
split bamboo rods and the finest of
tackle. The country boys with home
made rods and primitive tackle will be
on hand to help (for a slight considera
tion) the unsuccessful city anglers re
turn in triumph from the streams with
well-laden creels.
The streams throughout the State are
yielding good returns and the season
promises to be one of the best the
anglers have ever enjoyed.
The match married vs. ' single • set ,
down to bo played last Sunday 051 th*»'
Alameda ground was a fizzle: • On the
married side J. J. Theobald, • H_* N.
Storrs. G. II. Ward and H. C Casidy
were absent; and the single team lacked 1 .
W. Petherick, E. H.* Wilkes, A.' W,"
Wilding. F. Stahl. F, J. Croll.apd H.
Roberts. Only seven. men of the rnar-_
rted team being on' hand and 'only five
of the single eleven, the remainder, ar
ranged the scores to suit the'rasefves',
Lannowe being credited .with W runs,
T. J. A. Tiedemann with 80. D. .Jamie
son with 92 not out, H..E. Boulton wlfh:
32 and so on. An imaginary summary,
of the bowling was also concocted, bu,t
care was not taken to make "the. runs '
scored off the bowlers, correspond to
those alleged to have been made by
the batsmen. The standing of' the clubs
in the contest for the championship
pennant of" 1904 is now as follows:
Club — Played. Won. Lost. Per cent.
San Fran County 5 4 1 so'
Alameda ....5 .23 • 4rt
Pacific * 2 .1 *4rt
Sar.ta Cruz 3 1 2 . 03 1-J
Many great scores were made by
English cricketers during the *non*h
of June. In one week Quaife. of War-"
wickshire, made 200 not out agafnst Es
sex; Rhodes scored 107 for Yorkshire
in the second innins3 against Surrey:
Tyldesley made 210 runs 4 * in IDS min'-'
utes for Lancashire against Somerset-,
shire; Knight compiled 140 runs'm -210
minutes for Leicestershire- against
London County; Seymour made 108 in
the first innings and 138 not out In the
second for Kent against Worcester
shire: C. J. B. Wood made 110 In 153
minutes for Leicestershire against Lon
don County; F. Mitchell of the South
African team scored 102 not out against
Cambridge University; F. S.vJackson of
Yorkshire made 138 against Surrey at
Bradford. On June 8LJ. Moon scored
162 for the Gentlemen of " England
against I. Zingaji; Captain E. G. Wyn
yard made 147 and E. E. Steel 111 for I.
Zingari In the same match. The great
est score -was C.-B. T"ry's 226 for Sus-*
sex. In three days eighteen centuries*
, were made In first-class cricket • •— _
A team of members of the Pacific
Cricket Club left thi3 city 'yesterday
for Santa Cruz. The team will" play 'a
return match to-day against'the eleven
of the Santa Cruz Cricket and Athletic
Club. As the seaside town rs crowded
at this season, accommodations fqr the
visitors were engaged several days ago.
Some of the team may return to Satr
Francisco after the "match, but others
will spend the 3d and .4th. at 'Santa
Cruz. The Pacific representatives axe
John W. Myers (captain), H. C.- Casid}-.
the Rev. S. H. Wlngfleld-Digby (chap
lain of the Seamen's Institute^," A. \V.
"Wilding. C. P. Coles, E. H. BC Lah>
nowe, W. Petherick, J." J. Theobald,, l}-
L. Hearst, Norman Logan and E.".tl.
Wilkes. The team is not a -strong one,
as it does not include Dr. O.- N.- Taylor.'
the only Pacific bowler whose average,
up to June IS entitled him. to a place
in the first nine bowlers of the Assot.
elation; E. H. Wilkes. who is. a good
performer with bat and bail, or H. Di.
Bowly. The Santa Cruz team, however,,
will lack the services of Stephen Stagy
and E. F. Hilton, who are now in Great
Britain. . >/ ' \
This afternoon a team qf the Ala
meda Cricket Club will go ddwri 1*
Santa Cruz and to-morrow; will meet
an eleven of the Santa Cruz. Club In- a
return match, the first having: been
played at Alameda on Decoration day.
The Alameda team wjll consist of G.*
H. Ward (captain), W. H. McNaugh
ton, F. J. Bennion, F. J. Croll, 'JT. A.
Sta'hl, C. Banner, J. Brown, • H. • W...
Brown, W. G. Fortmann, G. L BaughV
and S. M. Foster.
By the same train the San Francisco
County team will travel to Santa Cruz,
where on Independence day they will
play a return match against the 3anta
Cruz Cricket Club. Harold- B.- Rich-
ardson, the captain of the San Fran
cisco County Cricket Club, being absent 1 '
in British Columbia, E. M. Peferswi
will captain the eleven, which will .be
made up of T. J. A. Tiedcnvann, W.. R?
Stewart, C. W. Irish, H. F: Pepys, H.
Roberts. J. Chadwick. R. W. Weaver^
E. G. Sloman, W. L. Holmes .and H. El.
Boulton. Most of the. members -of -the
ejeven will be quartered during,, their
visit in the tented city. . . ,•' ' .
The first round of the ninety-six dog
open stake at Ingleside will be started
to-day at 11:30 a. m., with Judge Grace
in the saddle. The Doc Burns-Little
Plunger match will be decided to
morrow. The first trial will be held
after the first run down of the stake.
The likely winners:
Tankee Boy, Icellus, Manru, Conroy, Reck
less Acrobat, , Queen's Motto. Haddlngton.
Mark Twain. Old , Ironsides, , Miss Florence,
Queen of Victory, Golden Garter, Ready , Ad
dress, Rich Array, Mollle 1 Hoskins, Toronto,
Regal Attire, The Fiddler. Jerry Wright. Lux
ury. Shotgun," Peter . Mclntyre, Tralee Lass,
Pepper Jack. Frank Dunn. ¦ Rolling -Boer. Mas
ter Washington. Imperious. * Belfast.'. White
Stockings, Ethel P. Proper, Prometheus, Col
ored Lady, Real Duchess, Wedgewood, Don
Pedro, Firm Fellow, Rocklln Boy, Lily York,
Pasta. Pleasant,'- May , Tunnison, f Commercial
Traveler, Rock Island Minnie, Donnybrook,
Sea Lion, Hermit, Frisky. Boy.
J. O'Shea has lost Golden Rule "by
death. She had a trial lasting five
minutes and fifty seconds last Satur
day artd succumbed to its effects.
T. J. JIcHugh has three puppies, now
five months old, by Young America-
Moss Rose, of which he expects much
iwhen they are old enough. to go to the
races.
Coursing will commence as usual to
morrow at Union Park upon the ar
rival of the 10:15 a. m., train. The stake
has a lot of class. One of the new dogs
will be Mr. Zignego, by Fetter Free-
Sweet Faverdale. He is owned by Dr.
F. P. Clark, one of the proprietors of
the Stockton Coursing Park and a field
steward there. The likely winners look,
to be:
In Time, Sacramento , Boy. Rose of Gold,
Mickey Free, Red Rock, Tom King, Aeolus,
Carlow Boy, Honest John, False Alarm, Gold
en Fortune. Rural Artist, Raclnp Auto, Mer
ry-Go-Round, . Cubanola, Galveston. Lost
Chord, The Referee, Haphazard. Rapid "Water,
Mr. Zignego, Friendless Boy, - Orslna, Quita,
E Li C, Flaunt. Gambit, Rich Argosy, Run
away Actress, Money Musk.
George Perry's Brilliancy has a litter
of puppies by Firm Fellow, a son of
Firm Friend.
George Macdougall's Calispel won
the stake last week at Butte.
Blake and Smith's Consort, by Con-:
nemara-Dinah, has a litter of puppies
by Rocker. The latter is a son of Sky
rocket-Lawrence Belle, and the com
bination of these blood lines is expect
ed to bring good results.
Judge P. J. Reilly has expressed his
intention of accepting the sweeping
challenge made by the owners of the
Butte greyhound Grafton. Mr. Reilly
will name Clover Blossom when she is
in condition to run.
Denny Healey's great little grey
hound, For Glory, is dead. She had a
litter of nine puppies by Imported Fine
Fire, of which two will live.
The San Francisco Coursing Club
will hold its first members' stake at
Ingleside Coursing Park on Monday.
The draw for the stake will be held
at the park to-morrow and forty-eight
entries are expected. The net profit of
the day will go to the club to be added
to another stake later on.
May Hempstead has whelped a litter
of puppies to Roman Athlete, the hand
some son of Emin Pasha-Fair Helen.
The prediction is made that the Athlete
is the coming sire. *
The renewal of interest shown in
coursing' recently gives assurance that
the rich stakes of the second half of
the year will be well supported.
The ninth renewal of the Ladies' Day
Champion stake will be run at Union
Park on the 31st inst. It is expected^
there will be sixteen entries. The stake
will be worth J400 to the winner, while
the runner-up will receive $200. Among
the most likely candidates are Poca-.
telli, Palo Alto, McVey. Richard An
ton, Barge, Belle Free, Full Moon, Rec
tor, Tillie R, Tom "King. The Referee,
New Home Boy and Lost Chord.
The eyes of the leashmen are already
centered on the John Grace Cup event.
This will be worth $6600. of which the
winner will receive $1500 and the run
ner-up $750. There is also a possibility
of the rich American • Waterloo being
decided htfre.
Ladies to Hold Annual Con
test for Poniatowski Cup
on Links at Burlingame
An Army of Sportsmen Will
Sally Forth in Quest of
Denizens of the Pools
Skippers of Challenger and
Corinthian Will Practice
.With Crews in the Channel
Pacific, San Francisco Conn-;
ty and Alameda Clubs Bend
Teams to Seaside Resort
The Starters Cheery "Score
With the Pole Horse" Will
Soon Strike the Ear
Big Prizes in Prospect This
Year Culminating in One
of $6000 for Grace Cup
AMATEUR TARS
PLAN CRUISES
HANDICAP GOLF
AT SAN RAFAEL
VALUABLE STAKES
FOR GREYHOUNDS
HARNESS RACING
PROSPECTS GOOD
CRICKET ELEVEN
ON A PILGRIMAGE
TROUT STREAMS
ATTRACT ANGLERS
THEf SAN . FRANCISCO : CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 19(te
STURDY OARSMEN READY FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP REGATTA
10Gardner, and WHIc FiRlit a Draw.
CHICAGO, July 1.— George Gardner
of Lowell, Mass., and John Wille of
Chicago fought a six-round bout to a
draw to-night.
NEW YORK, July 1.— There will be
rio baseball played in Brooklyn next
Sunday. An order to this effect was
issued .to-day by Police Commissioner
McAdoo*
No Sunday Baseball in Brooklyn.
ORANGE, N. J., July 1.— Miss May
Sutton of Pasadena, Cal., won the flnal
match !n the women's singles to-day,
defeating Miss H. Homans by a love
score, 6-0, 6-0. Miss Sutton will meet
Miss C B. Xeely of Chicago to-mor
row in the challenge match for the
championship which Miss Necly won
last year, V-
Jliss Hay Sut ton a Winner.
SEATTLE. July 1. — Summary:
' First race, four and a half furlongs, selling
—Limb of. Law won, Vlnce second, Breton
third. Time, :5iM.
Second race, five and a half .furlongs — Nonle
won. Dr.' Sherman second, Penzaace third.
Time. 1:08%.
Third race, seven furlongs— Foxy Grandpa
won Red . Cross Nurse second, Emll third
»TJme. 1:29%. ?
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, over
hurdles — Louwclsea won, Guldado second B-rt
Davis third. Time, 2:Uo.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Hindoo Princes
won, Illowaho second. Dora I third. Time.
l:2SW. \
Sixth race, one mile and one hundred yardi —
Pat Morrlssey won. Henry Clay Kye second.
Pat Master third. Time. 1:48.
Seattle llace Result*.
day's gam« by a three-base hit In tto« ninth
Ir.nirvs that scored two runs. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 3 11 S
Boston •••• * 8 i
Batteries— Bender and Power*; T«nnehill and
\)ETnOIT. July 1-— Detroit-Clevvlaad gam«
postponed: rain.
CHICAGO. July 1.— Altrock was at his best
to-day and. backed by perfect support, shot
out St. Louis in a game in which only two
hits were made off him and oaly one -nun
reached second base- Attendance, 3000. Score:
R- H. E.
Cbicaso 3 8 jo
St. Louis 0 • j
EUtt*rtea — Altrock and 3£cFarland; CUde and
Ktau*. # _ ; -:
OAKLAND. July 1.— Champion
James J. Jeffries left his bed at the
Metropole Hotel this evening and, at
tended by his physician. Dr. W. S.
Porter, went, to the Sixteenth-street
station and boarded the Owl train for
his home at Los Angeles. His knee
is much improved and Dr. Porter ex
presses the opinion that it will be as
good as it ever was if it receives the
proper care.
Jeffries Starts for Los Angeles.
Varsity eights. four miles— Yale
21:40%. Harvard 22:10. Winning dis
tance, "lengths.
freshmen of yesterday, were as fol
lows :
Freshmen eights, two miles— Yale
10:20. Harvard 10:20»4.
Varsity fours, two miles— Harvard
12:12. Yale 12:15. Winning distance, 1%
lengths.
Boston Again Falls n Victim to the
Giants on the Polo
Grounds.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National Learue.) r (American League )
W..U Pct.| . \V. L. Pet
New York... 43 1« .738 B.-ston Z7 22 627
Chicago 37 22 .627iNew York...:» 22 «17
Plttsburs ...31 2S .52.VChleairo 3* 23 <W xj
Cincinnati . .:« 33 .500 Philadelphia. 32 20 .53-
St. Louis 2U :«) . 402, Cleveland ..2S25 52S
Brooklyn . . .2.". :» .391 St. Louis 2rt 29 47.1
Boston 24 :'.:> .3*1 Detroit 23 34 .4ft*
Philadelphia. 14 4J .248 Washington. .10 4tt .179
NATIONAL LEACUE.
NEW YORK. July l.-N>w York scored an
other victory to-day over Boston, maktns fif
teen straight games won. Attendance. 2000.
Score :
R- H. E.
Boston > 1 b 1
New York 7 id 4
Batteries — W'ilhelm and Needham: Taylor and
Bowerman. XTmplre — Jchnstone.
PHILADELPHIA. July 1.— By heavy hitting
to-day the home teem easily defeated Brook
lyn. Attendance 15CO. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn s 3 j
Philadelphia ...13 17 0
Batteries — Poole, Relay and Bergen: Ultchell
i and Roth.
PITTSBURO. July 1.— Pittsburg-ClncinnaU
game pc-sttioned: rain.
6T. LOUIS, July 1.— St. Louis won from
Chicago to-day, ten to two. McFarland pitched
his firet game for St. Louis since h& was In
i Jured at Plttsburg and Chicago got but six hits
oft him. Brits* was hit hard and was given
poor 6upport In the field. Attendance, 27CO.
Score:
R- H. E.
St. Louts 10 13 t
Chicago 2 « • ' 2
Batteries — McFarland and Grady; Brlras and
Kilns. Umpire— O' Day.
' AMERICAN LEAGUE.',"
WASHINGTON*. July 1.— N«w York defeated
V.'ashlnstcn to-day. Cheibro scoring his thir
teenth con«ecutlve victory. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 8 V* 0
Washington .....3 3 2
Batteries — Chesbro and McGuire: Jacobson
and CarV.e.
1 BOSTON. July X. — Captain L. Crusa won u»- ,
TACOMA. July 1. — The tide lands
recently purchased at Taeoma and Se
attle by men believed to be acting "for
the Milwaukee Railroad have been
transferred te J. T. Woodward, who
Is president of the Hanover A'atlonal
Bank of New York, which bank is
closely allied with William Rockefel
ler. James Stillman and James Henry
Smith, who control the Milwaukee
Railroad. The transfers to Wood
ward form further evidence of the
Milwaukee Railroad's plan of bulldlns
west. If the company secures the Ta
eoma Eastern Railroad, as expected,
it will build eastward from Taeoma.
because the ties and other building
materials are cheaper at this, end."
Tide Lands Purcliased at Taeoma and
Seattle Are at Once
Transferred.
MILWACKLb RAILROAD •"
WILL BUILD WESTWARD
PORTLAND. Or., July 1. — Midway
Island, situated about half way be
tween San Francisco and Honolulu, is
inhabited by countless birds, accord
ing to Captain Reiner, master of the
Steamer Francis H. Leggett, who has
Just arrived from there.
As only sixteen people are on the
island and they have been there but
a short time the names of the birds
ere not known. One variety about the
size of sea gulls insisted upon taking
up their abode on the steamer while
she lay in the harbor. They even laid
eggs about the deck and the members
of the crew had them at their meals
three times a day. They are described
by the captain as being superior in
every way to hens' eggs.
BIRDS OBLIGINGLY L<\Y
. ON STEAMER DECK
FIFTEEN STRAIGHT GAMES
WON BY NEW YORK TEAM
PORTLAND, July 1.— For the fourth
consecutive game Uncle Henry Harris
saw his men beaten to-day by the
Browna. The score was not large— 5 to
3— in spite of the large total of hits.
Yerkes was hit rather -more freely than
was Iberg, though the one-time San
Franciscan was touched up pretty live
ly. The Browns scored two runs in the
first inning. Then in the fourth the
home team' added another to the score.
In the sixth Ban Francisco got busy
and tallied two, and' in the next Inning
tied the score. Yerkes gave Nadeau a
base on balls In Portland's half of the
seventh. McCreedie hit safely for one
bag, and chased Nadeau home on a
double made by Drennan. No more
runs were scored and the game went
to the home team. The score:
Portland — { San Francisco —
AB.R. H. P.A. ! AB.R. H. P.A.
Ndeau. rf 4 1 13 0 Miller. 2b 5 O 0 S 3
M'Crdl.rf 4 13 0 0 Hildbd, If 4 12 2 ~fT\
Drnan. cf 4 13 4 0 SVldrn, if 4 0 0 5 1
Beck. lb. 4 118 OMeany, rf 4 12 2 0
Rymd.3b 4 1 2 1 0 Irwin. 3b 4 0 2 0 3
Castro. 2b 3 10 7 5 Andrsn s. 4 0 0 2 1
Francis.* 4 0 12 2 Twnsd.lb 4 0 0 8 0
, Stelmn, c3 0 0 2 1 Leahy, c. 3 1 10 3
Iberg, p. 3 0 0 0 2 Yerkes, p4 0 3 02
Totals.33 5 12 27 10 Totals. 36 3 10 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
! Portland 2 0 0 1 0 0 2 6 x— 5
Ba«c hits .4 0 13 2 0 2 0 x— 12
San Francisco... 000002100—3
Base hit* 0 1 1.0 1 3 2 1 1—10
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits— Iberg. Irwln. Errors— Miller
Irwln. Earned runs— Portland 4, San Fran
cisco 3. Stolen base — Drennan. Base* on balls
Off Iber*. 1; eft Yerke*. 3. Struck out— By
Ibergr, 2; by Yerlce*. 1. Two-base hits—Dren
nan Beck. Meany, Yerkes, McCredte. Three
base hlt-^McCreedle. Left on bases— Portland 1
7, San Francisco 7. Flat base on errori — Port
land 1. Time of game — One hour and fifty
minutes. Umplr« Browne. • •
Takes Four Consecutive Games From
the San Francisco Team.
PORTLAND WINS AGAIN.
ST. LOUIS. July 1. — English Lad.
winner of the Chicago Derby and
owned by Fred Cook of St. Louis, .will
go to the post to-morrow an odds-x»n
favorite in the St. Louis Derby. Th*
track will be fast. The probable odd3
and jockeys follow: ' "^
Odds. Horse. Weight. Jockey.
1 to 2— English Lad... ..123 Dominies:
3 to 3— Moharib 125 Fischer
15 to I — Elwood 127.... Henry
25 to 1— Rinaldo 113 C Gray
Prince Sllvtrwlnga Is a doubtful starttr. ,¦¦¦:¦-¦
English Lad an Odds- On Favorite.
First race — Bensonhnrst, Miss 3fan
ners. Miss Gome/.
Second race — Broomhandle, Kurtz
man. Monaco Maid. . .
Third race — Blissful, Sid Silver. Orio
Mow. .
Fourth rare — English Lad, Moharib,
Prince SHvcrwmrrs.
Fifth race — Bernays, Warte Xhrht,
Flyinsr Torpedo. V
sixth race — Pretension, Lady Fonse.
Athenn. - ; * '.': .•: '
Seventh race — Ellr, Hymcttns, Or
pheum.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First race, five and a half furlongs, two-year
olds selling — Invader 112. Derry 100. Melrose
107. Torchello ICO. Niblick lOe. Workman 103.
Diamond Flush 104. S*lt and Pepper 104, Pink
Garter 104. Kecreo 102, Frank Tyltr 102, Foun
tain 102. Hawtrey Iv2. Ike S 1C2. Delcanta. 1CJ.
Peggy 90. Awakening: 00. Blue Coat 97, Star
Lily 07, Little Buttercup 04, Blessings Last 94.
Second race, handicap steeplechase, short
eours* — Lavntor Its Fulminate 151, Conover
14S. Klack Death US. Flying nuttrec» 140.
Walter Cleary 145. Candling 142. ReOpath 140.
Farmer's Foe 140. Ten Candles 130. Lyric 13fe.
Garter Buckle 13S, Gortnagallon l.'!7, Bermuda
King 130, Gaicar 1.14. Perlon 132, Silver Twist
130, Alum Water 130. (LHvator and Black
Death. Colt entry: Fulminate and Gortnaga!
lon. Cotton entry.)
Third race, the, Spring stakes, six furlong*.
Futurity course — Belle Sauvare 110, Pasadena
117. Red Friar 117. Amberjaek 117, Ascot
Belle 111.
Fourth race, the Commonwealth handicap,
one and a quarter miles — Irish Lad 1:52. The
Picket 130, Proper 111. Ort Wells 110; Eugenia
Uurch 10«i, Toboggan 1C::. Ormonde's Right 04.
Ostrich 90. Light Brigade 105.
Fifth race, rtx furlongs, main track, handi
cap — Major Pelham 122. Gray Friar 122. Roe-J
tlnt 121. Grenade UC. Athel 115. Schoharie
115. Hcnlton 114, Bardolph 113. Ishlana 113.
Monte Carlo 112, New Tork 112. Kohinoor 110.
Turquelce Blue 1C8, Cloten 10S. Homestead
ion. Consideration ICC, Queen Elizabeth 10U,
Ste'paway Ho.
Sixth race, one , and a «lxt>>enth miles on
turf, selling— Clnclttnatus 1C8, Hackmsack 10<».
Gold Dome 1C1. Reveille lot, Arrahgowon 103,
Himself 111. Florham Queen 10«. Fort Plain
101. Jane Holly 101. Krnest Parham 101. Jack
Ratlin 101. Latheron W. Dtmple 95, St. Breeae
94, Rathoven 91. Bob Murphy S9. Hydrangea
s«.
Weather clear; track fait.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the Netv York Morning Telegraph.
FIn>t Race — Derry, Xlblick, Del
cautn.
Second Race — Colt's entry. Flying
Buttress, Conover.
Third Rncc- — Belle Snuvngc, Ascot
Belle,' Red Friar. .
Fourth Race — Irish Lad, Ort Wells,
i Toboggan.
Fifth Race — Honiton, Rosctint, Ish
laiisi.
Sixth Race — Florham Queen, St.
Breeze, Dimple.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. July 1.— Class and
quantity mark the entries for to-mor
row's races at Sheepshead Bay. There
are eighteen Jumpers named for the
steeplechase. The Picket, Irish Lad.
Proper. Ort Wells and other flyers
will meet in the Commonwealth handi
cap at one and a quarter 'miles. The
entries:
CHICAGO, July 1.— The Grand
Jury voted indictments to-day against
forty-two persons alleged to have been
taking wagers at the Hawthorne race
track. As a result of this action Sher
iff Barrett, who has refused to pro
ceed against the bookmakers unless
warrants were issued for their arrest,
will be compelled to serve the writs
and to take the accused persons into
custody or compel them to furnish
bonds for their appearance in the
criminal court.
The bills voted against the book
makers are under a section of the law
which has hitherto been ignored in
the prosecution of race track gam
bling in Chicago. In the past indict
ments have always alleged that the
accused-- persons were inmates of a
gambling-house. Convictions under
that section have been impossible, so
to-day's indictments charge the book
makers with keeping gambling ap
paratus.
Among those who were indicted are
such well known bookmakers as Fred
Cock, Sam Summerfleld. Steve l'Hom
medieu, Marcus A. Cartwright, Wil
liam Appleg-ate and John Cella.
Chicago Grand Jury Indicts
Forty-Two Persons Said
. to Have Been Wagering
Third Race — Incubator, , Ananias,
Henry Bert.
Fourth Race^ — La I*onde, Plnkerton,
The Belle.
Fifth Race — Harrison, Major Man
sir. Tancrcd.
Sixth Race — Ananias, Clifton Forge,
Ja'Nin.
By ihe Chicago Inter Ocean.
Fi rst Race — Moorish Damsel, Aunt
Kathcrine, Frances Dillon.
Second Race — Zyra. Zibla, Orfeo.
HAWTHORXE SELECTIONS.
IIAWTHORXE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 1.— The entries for
the Hawthorne races to-morrow fol
low:
First rac». four and a half furloncs — Gertie
Allen 1(O. Aunt Katherlne 103. Lou Merrill
10C1. Marie Francis 110. Francis Dillon 110,
Moorish Damsel 110. Swedish Lady 110. Sea
Voyage 110. Barbara Whltins 115. Green
Gown. 115. C!ara Berry 115.
Second race, six furlongs — Maud Muller 102.
Mary McCafferty 1C2. Lulu Marr 102. Zlbla
104. Don't Ask M? 104. Celebration 10!>. Prin
cess Tuiane 1CJ, Zyra 10ft. Scotsman 100. Orfeo
111. BeautUuI and Best 112. Joe Frey 114.
Lone More 116.
Third race. mile, handicap — Peter J. Som
mers 95. Foncasta 97 Ananiaa 102. New Mown
Hay 1(1?. .To Lester 105. Jake 10S. Judge
Himes 110. Henry Burt 115. Pert Royal 115.
Incubator 115. Gregor K 117, Beau Ormonde
117.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs — Annie
Alone 104. Miss Inez 104. PfCfcie Mine 104.
The Belle ICi. Cinar Lighter 107. La Londe
lOtt. Plnkerton 112 1 .
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Ryevale 81. Gua Stratsj 87. Falernlan S7,
Ebony 01. Blark Wolf 02. Frangibl? ICO. Har
rison 102. Major Mansir 104. Tancred 104.
Sixth race. mile, seltlns — Lucy E S I0O.
Leila ICO. Langfcrd James 102. New Mown
Hay 104. Anania* 1C5. Japan 1C5. Lonsdale
105, King Ellsworth 1C5, Exclamation 100,
Clifton Fotro 1C0.
Weather clear: track rood.
MORE TROUBLE
FOR PENCILERS
The matches to-day should all be
close and interesting, as the poorer
players have been weeded out.
Only four players entered the wom
en's tournament. One match was
played. In it Miss Hazel Hotchkiss
easily beat Miss Berry. The score was
6—2, 6—L In the other preliminary
match Miss Jones will meet Miss Wege
ner. This match will be played this
morning. The finals are set for the
afternoon.
Following is , the tournament by
rounds:
Preliminary round — Guerin beat Hotchkisa
by default; Brabant beat Mann by default;
Griffin b*at Caesell. 6-0, 6-0 (withdrew): Long
biat Lombard by default: Foley beat Pope by
drfault; Garner beat Kuehn, C-l, 0-2, 6-0;
Mitchell beat Rolfe. fl-1. 0-4 (withdrew); Blu
rmnthal beat Flnnegran by default; Younger
b*at Gayness by. default; Duncan beat Bo
zarth by default; MacGavin beat Lytton by
default; Baker beat Code. 6-2. 0-1, li-3: Jan*«
beat Gabriel by default; Crawford beat
Nour»e, 3-C fi-2, 6-4, 6-3.
First round — KingweU beat Guerin by de
fault; Griffin beat Brabant, 6-2. 0-3 (with
drew); Lcng , heat Foley. 1-0. 6-3. 7-3, 8-8;
Mitchell beat Gardner", 5-7, C-3: Blumenthal
beat Younger. -1-fi. «-l. 4-3 (withdrew); Mac-
Gavin be.it nuncan. 6-1. 6-1. il-o; Baker beat
Jane*. rt-O. fi-O. 7-5; Crawford • beat Medcraft,
C-O. 6-2 (withdrew).
MacGavin and Baker, the strongest
two players in the tournament, were in
good form. Baker was a trifle off in his
first match, but played his best game
against Janes. The latter failed to get
a game in the first two sets. MacGavin
figured in two easy matches and did
not have to extend himself.
By far the best match of the day was
that between Herbert Long of the Cali
fornia Club and Charles Foley of the
Golden Gate Club. These two clever
youngsters played like veterans and
started the spectators cheering. After
losing the first set Long won the next
three cleverly. In the first set Foley
was invincible and volleyed Long's ter
rific drives to all corners of the court.
Long 'was able, to win but one game in
this set. In the second set Long im
proved and won handily. The third set
was by far the most exciting of the
four. Foley led at 5-3 and 40-0, but
Long fought desperately and pulled it
out. In the fourth set both players
were badly used up from the heat and
slackened their pace noticeably. Long
ran the score up to 4-1, but Foley won
four straight games. Both fought hard
at the finish. Victory went to Long by
a small margin.
rule, were one-sided. Of the thirty
competitors entered but nine were left
at the end of the day's play. Seven
men qualified for the second round and
two have an unfinished match to com
plete- this morning.
Those still Itl't in the competition are
C. KingweU, C. Griffin, H. Long, C.
Gardner, F. S. Mitchell, M. Blumenthal,
J. D. MacGavin, G. Baker and R. T.
Crawford. Mitchell and Gardner had
each won a set when darkness put a
stop to their match.
TWO OF THE ilOST st'CCESSFUL OF THE COMPETITOR? OX THE HOTEL RA- ,
FAEL TENNIS COURTS AT SAN RAFAEL YESTERDAY IN THE OPENING
.ROUND OF THE ANNUAL CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT
. JfEW LONDON', Conn., July 1.— Yale
»6n the annual varsity eight-oared
: rac« from'Hafvard to-day and crowned
•arjesr that h'as been replete with bril
lTarlt.' ' athletic . achievements. She
_ proved, as' she has done many times
before, her .superiority in everything
.that, goes to- make a perfect crew, skill
. •with -the. oars, seamanship and endur
"ance.- .• .'
V.Her Victory >n the varsity race, con
sidered with her grand battle in the
•four-oared race, which she lost through
-an. accident when it looked like a walk
over, and the winning .of her freshmen
•£ight ¦ yesterday in a "magnificent
'strjiggle,. makes it fair to say that Yale
; outclassed Harvard.
The water was so choppy to-day that
. both varsity crews dropped their stroke
Mow again and again on account of the
heavy swells, which made a high stroke
' impossible. For this reason the race
¦vyas unique. It has never before hap
pened that two varsity eights have
. raised and lowered their stroke to such
¦an .extent as these two crews did in
.tf"day's race. Both ranged from 25 to
•C6 to. the minute. Yale'6 normal stroke
Vas 32, while Harvard's was from 33
"to' 24; ...
'..In, the opinion of the experts Yale's
. victory is due to her longer stroke and
¦the fact that she used the powerful
•body swing and the leg .drive simul
• taneously, while Harvard used up her
l^g drive power too quickly. So far
. fes watermanship was concerned and
the harmony of the oars, there was no
,' choice between- them.
¦¦ : Upori the return of the Yale eight
t's their quarters,* where they were ac
corded an enthusiastic reception, the
. oarsmen elected as captain for next
" year Richard Whittier of Staten Is
lar.d. N. Y., who revved at No. 6 in to
day's race. Later O. D. Filley of Paris,
France, stroke of this year's crew, was
elected captain of the Harvard' var
sity eight.
Throughout the race the Elis were
never headed and from the crack of
the pistol the result was never in
tioubt- It was a case of superiority in
rowing strength and rowing funda
mentals. Within a quarter of a mile
from the start Yale had established
"herself in a comfortable position a
kmgth ahead. This had been accom
plished in *r>ite of the fact that Har
. var<3 rowed fully two more strokes to
« he minute than Yale.
The Xew Haven oarsmen increased
their lead steadily until two and one
half miles had been traveled. Then
' their shell suffered from the eel grass
fcectlan of the course. Harvard pulled
up one length, but when the Yale shell
reached clear water again the superior
ity of the blue became more than evi
denL Gradually the contest became a
profession and Yale's victory was as
decisive as the most ardent of her sup
porters could wish.
Just before the big race Harvard had
snatched an eleventh-hour victory in
the four-oared race. In this event;
which was rowed upstream from the
navy yard to Gales Ferry Yale had led
throughout and within a quarter of a
mjle of the finish was rowing well and
two lengths ahead. At this point the
Yale men seemed to go to pieces. It
was not a collapse of oarsmen, how
ever. There was an unfortunate weak
ness in Yale's rigging and the outrig
ger Fish was pulling broke. This pre
cluded all possibility of a Yale victory.
Harvard, astern, saw her chance,
epurted, and won a victory which was
confessedly hollow.
The official times of the finish of the
three events which now constitute the
&n/!it&l competition, including the
ST. LOOS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, 4 July 1. — Only, five horses
are carded to start to-morrow in" the
Derby. The day's entries follow: * '
First race, six furlnnss. selllns — King Rosa
111, Miss Manners 100. Percy. Clark 103, Cho
rus Boy 107, Wager 105. Lady Felix 100. Iver
r.iu 102. Avoid 1 ,2. Silver Thistle 101. Klow»
Chief 101. Bensonhum 100. Miss Gomtt 95.
Blumenthal 94. Miss Betty 03. Debbie Say 01.
Second race, eleven-sixteenth* of a mile —
Kunzrr.aa 114. Broomhandla 109; Mlltoa Young
103. Monaco Maid 100. " .
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Jce Gogs
110. One More 100. Ladas 109. Sid Silver 100.
Tally H 107. Blissful 106. Dr. ScharfT "lOtf.
Lansdown 104. Happy Chappy 102.. Goody
Two Shoes 10O. Howiine Dervish 10O, Our Lll-
Ue 00. Orient 9$. King Fox II 07. Mordella 03.
Fourth race, the St. Louis Derby. $17.000t
on? and a half miles — English- Lad 127. ElwooU
127. Moharib 123. Ralnland 11D, PTlnce Silver
wlnrs 115.
Fifth rufe, one and a sixteenth mlln — Ber
nays 105. Warte Nlcht 105. Flying Torpedo
104. Light Opera 102. South Breeze 402.
Sixth race, one mll# and seventy yarda. sell-
Inr — Jerry Hunt 107. Turrendo 105. Huckle
berry Finn 103, I Know lf>3, Alice Turner 104.
Ada N 100. Leenja 100. Flora Bright 9% Pre
tension 07. Athena 0."!, Lady Fonse 87. '
Seventh race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
sellln- — Bessie McCarthy lea, Hymettua 104..
Mainspring 103. Orpheum 103. Jim Wlnn' 102.
Compass 1OO. Elle 0*. Salivate 03. '
Weather clear; track slow..
Her Sons Prove Their Su
periority in Skill. Seaman
ship, and in Endurance
TACOMA, July 1.— Both teams played
spectacular ball to-day, Casey, Shee
han, McLaughlin, Lynch and Flood
taking difficult chances. Baum held the
tigers well until the sixth, when with
one down Sheehan and Nordyke singled
and doubles by Lynch and Casey fol
lowed. This netted four. In the seventh
Graham doubled, and Doyle was saved
by Baiim'a throw into center Oeld and
Graham scored. Doyle tallied on Shee
han's well placed bunt. In the eighth
McLaughlin brought Casey home with
a two-base hit after the latter had been
passed to first. Flood scored the first
run for the Angels on his two-base hit.
followed by Smith's double. The visit
ors could get no more till the ninth,
when with two down Chase smashed
the ball over the fence for a home run.
Both Overall and Baum were effective.
Bernard is again on the sick list. Hall
and Thomas- pitch to-morrow. , The
score:
Taeoma — , Los Angeles—
AB. R. H. P. A." AB. R. H. P. A.
Dcyle.rf. 4 10 10 Toman.B. 4 0 0 13
jhehn.Sb 3 12 0 2 Flcod.2b. 4 1 1 1 J
Vrdyk.lb 4 116 0 3mith.3b 4 0 2 14
F.aran.8. 4 0 0 2 0 Whelr.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Lynch, cf 4 1 1-5 OCravth.rf 4 0 0 0 0
• asey.Sb 2 12 3 CChase.lb 4 1 1 11 0
McLgn.lf \3 0 12 ORore.lf.. 4 0 2 0 0
•iraham.c 4 12 8 0 Eagar.c. 3 0 0 8 2
Overall, p'J 0 0 0 3Baum,p..3 0 10 0
Totals. 30 6 9 27 11 i Totals. 34 2 7 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Taeoma 0 0 0 0 0 3 2 1 x 6
Baie hits 00111411 x 9
Los Angeles 00010000 1—2
Base hit* 00121110 1—7
8UMMART.
Error* — Overall. Baum. Struck out By
Overall 8, by Baum 8. Bases en balls — Off
Baum 2. First ba«e en errors — Los Angeles 1.
Stolen basec — Cai«»y, Flood. Two-base hits
Lynch, Ca«ey. Graham, McLaughlin. Smith (2).
Flocd. Hcme run — Chase Earned runs — Ta-
Tlme. l:Wi 2-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
han, McLaughlin, Overall. Double plays —
Sheehan to Caiey to Nordyke. Flood to Toman
Left on bates — Taeoma 5, Lo» Angeles 5. Time
of game — One hour and forty minutes. Umpires
—McCarthy and McDonald.
in Clever Style.
Collegian Takes the Angels Into Camp
ANOTHER GAMEJ-OR OVERALL.
VALE OUTROWS
HARVARD CREWS
SEATTLE, July 1.— Oakland was shut
out to-day by Seattle in a Well-played
and interesting game. Jay Hughes was
in gref t form and for five Innings Oak
land got only two hits. In the sixth
they chipped in two, but a double play
spoiled their chances of scoring. In the
seventh three hits were made after two
men were outl The third hit struck a
base runner, preventing- a run being
scored. Cooper pitched a strong game,
but Seattle managed to bunch enough
hits in two Innings to win , the game.
The umpiring favored Seattle in several
instances. The score: V- . .
Seattle — i Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A. ! AB.R. H. P.A.
Vanll. cf 4 1 1 5 0 Ganly, rf 4 0 1 1 0
Mohlr, 2b 4 0 1 4 2 Frncks, 8 4 0 0 4 1
Ulhty. :n> 3 0 2 13 Krugr. cf 4 0 1 2 0
Fritk, If. 4 12 1 0iVhlfly,2b 4 0 0 4 0
Dkshp, lb 3 1 1 ft 2 Schmdt.lf 4 0 110
Umlth, rf 4 1 1 0 0 Devrx, 3b 4 0 1 1 1
Hall. 9. . 2 1 2 2 3 Str«lb, lb .'; 0 1 8 1
'Wilton, c 4 0 2 6 0 Byrne, c. 3 0 2 7 2
Hughes.p 3 0 0 2 2 Cooper, p 3 0 0 0 5
¦ TotaU.31 5 12*26 12 1 Totals. 33 O 7 24 11
•Stirib cut— hit by batted ball.,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 2 x— 5
Base hit? - 0 2 2 1 3 1 0 3 x 12
OakUnd 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0^ 0
Base hits 1 1000230 0 — 7
SUMMARY.
Errors — Elankcns'hip. Smith. Str?ib. Earned
runs— Seattle 4. Sacrifice hits— Blankenship
Hall (2). Stolen bases— Van Haltrcn Frisk'
Hughes. Bases on balls — Off Cooper, l". Struck
out— By Hughe*. 4; by Cooper. 3. Double play
— Jlohler to Hall to Blankenship. Pai.<ied ball
— Byrne. Time of game — One hour and forty
five minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Special Dispatch to The Call
. ...... (Pacific. Coast Leazue.) ..
W. L. Pct. f w. L. Pet-
Taeoma 53 38 .3S2 Oakland . . ..4S 42 '.5-Tt
Seattle 30 41 .340 San Fran. ..37 02 .4l«
Los Angeles. 49 42 .5.'!$|Poitland ...22 51 .372
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The annual tennis tournaments for
the -State championship for both men
and women opened yesterday on the
Hotel Rafael courts, San Rafael. Many
more spectators were present than
usual" on* "tlie 6pen$ng~"day." Defaults
were numerous and the matches, as a
Proves Unfortunate in Hav-
Ang the. Opposing Batsmen
Bunch: Their Hits Twice
Only Four Women in the
Lists to Strive' for "
;. Honors. :
SIXTH RACE^ — Three-year-old* aad up: ona
mile and twenty yards:
Belting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin*.
2 to 1— Wlssendine. 102 (Nlool).. 8 2T lh
8 to 1— Regina D, J>7 (Hennessy) 514?^
4 tr> 1— Pettljohn. 110 (Ivan) 1O/33- 3*
Time, l:43*». Start good 'U'on drivtnK.
Winner. P. J. Nolan's br. na. (5) by Pirate of
Penzance-Relle of the Ki-hlands dales ICO.
Dr. Kier Ho. Overhard S7. Sister Lillian ?0«.
Eleven Bells 102, Triple Silver 87, finished a.i
named.
Time. 1:45V,. Start good. Won dYivlngj
Winner. XV. H. Fixer & Co/s b. -c. /3) by
Little Minch-Lemon Blossom. ' Mohave 94.
Wolfram 106. finished aa named.
FIFTH IIACE^ — Three-year-oldj and -up; ont
mile and twenty yards:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. • St. ' ?i Fin.
11 to 5 — John Doyle, lol (Austin) 2 12.1 i^,
8 to 1 — Buccleuth. 104 (Fischer). 1 2 3 2.T
5 to 1— Caithness. 102 (McMUea) 3 3 1 3 13
FOURTH RACE — Three-year-oldii; one' mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St.- *» Fin. .
Even — Commodore. 1C»5 (Trwclr) 2 1 ns 1 2
13 to 5 — ForehaJid. 103 (Nicoi)...l Z'i 2
11 to 5 — Just So, 10O (Austin)... 3 3 3
Time, 1:43%, Start good. Won 'easily. "
Winner. J. C. Miller &. Co.'« ch. h. »a) by Th«
Commoner- Rosa Ma.-.-ia. Only three st&rtera. '
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
oMs: • ¦ •
lltttinsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St.* »; * Fin.
11 to 2— Lcretta M. 1«> (Trox!er> 2 13 12
7 to 10— Imp. L.S&voy.lC9 (Astn) 5 2 3 2 5
M to 1— Col. White. 112 (Claytn> 1 3< 3 1
Time, l:03*i. Start good.- Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Mllam & Ox'« btk. f. (2) by
Plrat- of Penzance-Fertile. Luretti 100.'
Bowling Bridge 103. Shadow Trtnct 103. fln
irhed aa named. • . "
SECOND RACE — One mil* and seventy
yards: three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
2 to 5 — C. Thompson. 105 (Hndsn) 1 1 10 15
. 7 to 2— Bugler. 9S (Austin) 2 07 24
11 to 1— Nfcversuch, 00 (Fischer). 3 3 4 3 20
Time. 1:481,. Start good. Won easily.
Wiz.r.er. E. Trotter's b. g. (3) by Appomattox*
Forget-Me-Not. Lubin ICO. also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 1.— Commodorw
demonstrated he is a colt of class tc~
day by leading out the hitherto un
beaten Just So and Forehand in tha
feature, event of the day at. the Fair
Grounds track. . A big crowd witnessed
the races. - The track was fast. < Th«
weather promises to be fine for . the '
$17,000 Derby to-morrow. Only five
have accepted the Issue for the Derby
—English Lad. Moharib, Ralnland, •El
wood'and Prince. Sllverwings. Prince
Silverwicgs is not a prebaile starter.
English Lad will be a hot favorite for
the event Summaries: .. ; •
FIRST RACE— Fotir and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:- ¦•--•.
netting. Hone. Weight Jockey.. St. % Fla. '
5 to 1— Hersatn. 110 (Austin) 1 14 12 •'
in to 5 — Leila Hunter. U)O iNlcol) :; 2-3 2 2 ¦
'» to 1 — Erl* Le«. 100 (Ivers). . . . , » 3 ft 3. 6
Time. :37f;. • Start good. Won easily. Win-,
ner. B. Schreiber'a b. f. (2) by Saln-Hesperia. '
Mary Maud 100. Lady Lou 105, Picturs Hat
110. Dotage 1U5. Sylvan IBell 103.- Pique 103,"
La Princess 1C0, i'asslve 1C0. finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SIXTH RACK — One and a half miles on
turf: selling; three-year-olds and up.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
8 to 5— Ldy Potentate, 09 (Trvrs) « 6 1 I IK
20tol— Tantalus Cup. .111 (Rd(n) 3 2 Vi2 1Vj
9 to 2— Bobadll. 02 (Sperling). . .10 3 10 3 10
Time. 2:34. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. E. R. Thomas' ch. m. by Potfntate-
Stratrlne. Coppella. Paget. Sir Rcch?. Flara.
Phaon. Mr.bon. The Rival. Nlc Longworth.
The Rhymer, finished aa named.
FIFTH RACE— Two and a half miles: the
Interstate steeplechase for hunter*.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jock»y. St. *; Fin.
1 to 1— Pure Ptppr. 15U (Page). . 5 3 30 1 10O
15 to 1— Meadow Lk. 1(53 (Hayrs) 4 4 1>42
11 to 10— Bonfire, 142 (Clark) 2 t,% 3
Time. 5:19. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner H. S. Pate's b. g. by The Pepper-
Virgin. Agio. Adjutor, finished a» named.
FOURTH RACE— One and three-eighth*
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
ft to 2— Brigand 90 (Hildebrand). 3 4 1 I %
3 to 3 — Grczillo. "115 (J.Martin).. 1 2 4 22
40 to 1 — Douro. 114 (Odom) 2 5 3h
Time, 2:21 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. Galway's ch. colt by Belvedere-
Livonia. Male Hanlcn, Persistence II, finished
as named.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. Ft. *J Fin.
1C to 5 — Escutcheon, 112 (Cchn) 2 2 2 13
11 to 20— Councilman, 122 (Hldb) 3 1 n 2 4
10 to 1— Austin Allen. 117 (Brn) 1 3 4 3 «4
coma S. Los Angeles 2. Sacrifice hits — Shee-
Wlnner D. Gldton's bay colt by Gold Crest-
Affect. ' Amberjaek. Bill Ball»y II, Nightmare,
Shenandoah. finished a» named. •
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
.=>0 to 1 — Ancestor 100 (Cormack) 1 12 12
SO to 1— Kng Pep'per, 10O (Hlms) 2 2 h 2 Vt
S to 5— Martinmas. 105 (Martin) 5 5 2 3 1^
Time 1:1$ 3-5. Start poor. Won ridden
out. Winner T. L. Watts' bay filly by
Plautllt-Addie C. CaFClne. Queen Belle. Prince
Chins. RoMlgnol Homestead. Bardolph. Nls
kayuna. Careless. Hatchet. Silver Days, Prince
Salm Salm, finished as named.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; maiden two-year-old rtliif-s:
Betting. Hor«e. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1— Bumble Bee. lfB (Hldb) 3 1^15
8 to 1— Linda Lee. 110 (Barns). 3 fi % 2 l*i
10 to 1— Danaeuse. 110 (O'Nell). 1 2 «£ .1 %
Time. 1:01 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. H. B. Duryea's chestnut filly by Ham
burg-Vespers. Novena. La Pucelle. Idle Hour.
Simplicity, Kiamesha, Gotowln. Intrigue. Rai
ment. Lilac, Hazel Baker. Ismaillan. Dixarlna
Halmlra. Fair Reveler, Woolnola, finished as
named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. July 1.— Apart
from the sensations afforded by falls
in the Interstate Hunters' steeplechase
at the Coney Island- Jockey Club's
course to-day, the Incidents connected
with the handicap at one mile and three
furlongs gave ample cause for com
ment.
After tho 50 to 1 shot Male Harilon
had made the running for nine : fur
longs and the small field had strung
out for at least 100 yards, the -heavily
weighted .'three-year-old. Graaialla,
which had been running second, made
his bid for the race. He came around
the fast-tiring leader, and in so doing,
it is asserted, he fouled - her and
knocked her back. "• At the same in-
Btant Hiltiebrand, the rider of Brigand,
saw an opening near the Tail and shot
his horse through there. About a fur
long from the finish Brigand reached
out arid seized Grazlallo's jaw." In doing
this Brigand's head and body were in
clined diagonally toward . the outside,
so that he actually impeded Graziallo.
Jack Martin was forced to pull the lat
ter away, and this lost him his ehance
of passing the judges first. Brigand
beat him to the finish by three parts
of a length.! Martin and Hildebrand
were summoned before the judges, and
within a few moments the numbers
were changed. To the surprise of near
ly all the spectators Brigand's number
remained up, 'while Graziallo's was
taken down. It was held that he had
really destroyed Male Hanlon'a
chances. Summary:
Special Dispatch to'The. Call.
COOPER PERFORMS WELL
SIXTH RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse :
Bottln*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a; Fin.
0 to 10— Blue Bird. 113 (Hoffler). 2 2 2»jl 1
0 to 2— Tennybum, 10* (Knapp). 4 0 2 2 »4
13 to 1— Dixie Lad. 114 (Willnr*. ft 7 13 4
Time. 1 :C2 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. S. Brown's b. c. by Blue Wing-
Ethel Cas«. Pawtucket 100.- Butwell 1C3.
Wal*h 113. Walter Arnold-113. Stroud 113. Gar
vice 113, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One an.1 an eighth miles;
f.rjr-y?ar-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Hor^e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Rcssmond, 09 (Oregar)... 1 lh 13
3 to 1— Christine A 04 (Aubchn) 4 3 10 2 n
lltoS — Mezzo, SJO (Knapp) 2 22 3«
Time, 1:55 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. J. S. Ward's ch. c. (4) by Hammon-
Lady Rossincton. Tanered 105. Frangible 101.
Tom Hall 104, Piederick 106. finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 10— McGee. 107" (Larsen) 3 2 2^1 V
lft to 1— White Plume. Sl> (Oregr) 1 In 214
5 to 1— Gregor K, 1U«J (Henry).. 4 3 3 37
Time. 1 :41 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
"Winner. E. Corrtgan's b. c. (4) by White
Knight-Remor9e. Jake Greenburg 107, Hurzah
100, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Short course; steeplechase:
purse: thre^-year-olds and up:
Betting. ITor**?. Wetcl t. Jockey. St. *J Fin.
11 to Z— Creolin. 137 (Mellugh). 2 2 23 1 %
11 to 1C— Cardigan. 1K1 (Seaton). 6 1 2 2 50
3 to 1— Weird. 155 (Grantland) 3 a 1003 73
Time. 2:lft. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. E. Corrigan's b. c. (1) by Rlley-Miss
Bowling. Jack Bcyd 125, also ran; King Galons
155. fell; David Harum 14fi. ran out.
SECOXD RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three
year-cids-
Dettlng. Horse. Wright. Jockey. Et. % Fin.
IS to 3— Empr of India. H« lAuhi.H « l»jl 2
• 5 to 1— Peter J. homers. 1O7( Oils). 13 3 h 2 h
lotol — WcoCs Perry. 101 (Lawrn) 9 2^34
Time. 1:13 2-S. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. T. Sharer" s b. f. by Prime Min
ister-Sarah Kimbro. Or?nd 103. Oudon lf>».
Watermelon 1(0. Silent Water 100. Out Wai
105, L!da Lkb »."». Circulator 1*». Soufrieri
1C3. Ethel Abbott 101, Komombo 107, San
Remo ICOL Durbar 1C5. finished as named.
The best race of the day was- the
first, which Ahcla, at IS to I, and well
played, won. The Bradley filly was
given an excellent ride; by "Big Bill"
Knapp and won at the wire by a neck
from . the 1 to 2 favorite, Fonsoluca.
Summaries:
FIRST It ACE — One mile; p,urse; four-year
old* and up:
B-iitlrwr. Kane, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1» to 1— Ahola. 1C2 (Knnpp) 2 2 3^1 nJc
1 to 2— Foiwoluca. ICC < Ho(tter> 1 1 b - 2 4
5 to 1— Birch Broom, 102 (WiU) 4 3^31
Time. 1 :42 3-3. Start good. Wen driving.
Wlnn-n Mrs. E. R. Bradlsy's b. t. fl) by
Alnha-Mrs. Stuart. The Conqueror II 109.
Sockdolenger 107. Pearl Diver 102. Trentham
104. Harry S'.w 10U. finished as named.
CHICAGO, July 1. — It was cold and
raw at Hawthorne this afternoon. The
tradk" was slow. A fair sized crowd
turned out to see the racing. The fea
ture of the. card, aside from the steeple
chase, was the fourth race at one mile.
for which McGee was a 1 to 4 favorite.
He won by half a length, well in .hand.
Ed. Corrlgan put over a good thing in
his four-year-old Creolin in the steeple
chase. It was the first winning? race
for Creolin . this year _over the Jumps
and' he was backed from 3 to 1 to
2lol. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Commodore Finishes Ahead
of the Hitherto Unbeaten
Just So at St. Louis. .
Ed Corrigan's McGee Con
tinues His Victorious
Way at Hawthorne.
Nine Competitors Remain
Out. of the Thirty Origi
nally Entered.
Fouls 3Iaie Hanlon in the
Handicap, Tims Ruin
ing Her Chances. 'fe
Jay Hughes Is in Splendid
Form and Pitches Win
ning- Ball for Seattle Team
LOHMAN'S NINE
IS SHUT OUT
GRAZIALLO DISQUALIFIED
BY SHEEPSHEAD JUDGES
MEMBERS OF RIVAL CLUBS
IN A SENSATIONAL MATCH
EXCITING PLAY MARKS CHAMPIONSHIP TENNIS TOURNEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, -.1004.
11¦ . - ¦¦- v ...... . .«. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
12
JDOiyESS CHANCES--Coittliiiied.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., corner Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale^ — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; all modern conveniences: new. one
year; price $2200 complete. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. ¦
"OR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale^ — Electrical and locksmith business;
central location: established 9 years; rent
$30; clears 190 to $100 per month; price, $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.:
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 .Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first class: on direct car
line; for rooming-house. S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
LODGI.XG-UOVSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON &CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
83 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; nn«
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition in city; price $3200.
90-room new modern 2 and' 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price 5350.
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand Immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished,
cost $000, at bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city: clearing now S300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apart-
ment-house; sickness: must sell; snap: $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $500 per month: must sell 011
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-dats
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down balance 8
per cent per Annum; departure.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition:
good lease.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full nice people: bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
25 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business, for exchange or trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bids., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, ell men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient.. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Market st.
If you want to buy a house or flat on easy
terms, larce list to select from, try
MITCHELL & CO.
FOR SALE — Lodging-house: desirable location;
close to Fifth and Market; 26 rooms; all
full; price $950. Address box 2542. Call.
15 ROOMS; rent $57 50. 421 Hyde st. Roorn^
ing-house for sale; furnished.
40 ROOMS; downtown; transient: clears $175
mo. ; rent $4 50 room. Box S(J5, CalL
LODGING-HOUSE, 231 Third st.. for sale; 20
rooms; rent $75; price $350; on acct. sickness.
CAnPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air a^d^Va^mirn^I'rocels^n^
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, .155-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1809 Har"-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Mnln 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. -, tel. Mtssion 2C3.
CI.OTgIH-Q BENOTATIgQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis St., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 418
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET. 7"
NEW sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 118
Clipper;rent$25. Apply Manhattan Hotel, r.30.
CTTBrs auPTUKE.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 1200 Market st. ; send for circular. ¦
DENTISTS.
A NEW plateA-The Whalebone — Cannot~break"i
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. 80c;
plates. J-5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental larlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Mark't.nr.Elevcnth
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c;' gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant building, 1005 Market, 2d floor; all
flret-class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor Bush-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.rl4 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver, 35c: crowns, $2- no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Suttr.
D^^I^KEKSjVND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &^lllinery^hooi^
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking or will go ouf
$2 per day.' 407 Van Ness; phone Mint 1486.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew.
, art's button & buttonhole, factory, 110 Taylor.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEn-.Mil.il,
YOUNG colored man. thoroughly experienced,
wishes position as elevator operator; public
builtUns o" hotel; temperate; does not Ram-
ble. Box 2G45, Call.
YOUNG man, well educated and reliable, with
knowledge of bookkeeping and business ex-
perience, wants position; references. Bos
2C54. Call office.
MAN and wife; man good camp cook, wife
general work around camp. H. R., 604^
Third st., room 10.
COACHMAN, steady young man, wishes situa-
tion; good gardener; can milk; good refer-
ences. Box 1443. Call.
JANITOR wants position. Address box 1406,
: Call office.
SITUATIpN wanted as a painter. C. YOUNG,
* 513 Union st.
Painter, paper-hanger, 'slgnwrlter, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom st. ; phone Mint 131.
JAPANESE house cleaners, window cleaners,
step washers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers,
etc.; long experience. 1895 O'Farrell St.;
phone Pine 1075. .
RESPECTABLE Japanese wishes position in
private family: can milk cow, work around
outside; city or country; very useful. Box
1290. Call office.
JAPANESE, understands English, Ftonch anj
Chinese, recently arrived, wishes por.tlon to
do work in nice family; $5 week. J71 Bush.
AN experienced Japanese for general house-
work only wants a position; $25 to $30
menth. JOHN KADOWAKI. 1026 Polk st.
JAPANESE couple wish situations; man as
cook, wife as waitress; both have had long
experience. Y. OKAMOTO. 465 Jessie st.
YOUNG Japanese schoolboy wants position la
this city; be«t references. AKAKI, 517 Du-
pont st.
A JAPANESE good boy wants situation as
schoolboy or houseworker In family. M.. 744
Post St.; tel. Sutter 1731. ¦
JAPANESE henest boy wants a position to do
half a day's work, any place In citgr. Ad-
dress R. E.. 415^ Powell St.. city.
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position at house-
work and plain waiter. T. T.. 744 Post st.
A JAPANESE wants a position as a schoolboy.
T. KUWA. 254 O'Farrell St.
A JAPANESE boy wishes situation; housework
or kitchen help. KENTOO. 2567 Market st.
JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work In
afternoon. G. FUMI. 130% Fern ave.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
and housework. Y. T., 931 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes a situation as a
schoolboy. Address 572 Sutter st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA — HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
10O) MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary St.. on the square.
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath: all modern Improvements"
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. cars. -
CASTRO. 421. near Seventeenth— Sunny belt"
latest improved new pleasant sunny upper
flat. 11 rooms; convenient for two families;
$30 FOR two flats of 4 and 5 rooms or $17
for one; suitable for offices or housekeeDlnc
011 Washington st.
$18—6 ROOMS and bath; high basement-
sunny all day; 220 Thirtieth «L PATTER-
SON. Examiner building.
EIGHTH ave.. 1229 (Sunset) — Lower floor of i
large rooms; chicken house; $14.
MASONIC ave., 1317, nr. Wallei" — Elegant sun-
ny up-to-date npper flat. 7 rooms, bath; reaa.
BROADWAY. 1255, near Hyde — Neat sunny
flats, 3 large rooms. $11.
$12 05 — I SUNNY rooms. 133 Ivy ave.. near
Van Ness ave. and Haves st.
LAKE. 740-742 — New flats. 6 rooms each; rent
$22 50 and $27 50; fine view.
FILLMORE. 1124 — 7-room flat; modern; rooms
all light; rent reasonable,. »
FLATS TO LET— Con tl need.
NEW sunny lower flat; 5 rooms; Dutch dtntnff
room. 1953 Lyon St.; owner cleans entrance.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. in: Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET — KtR.MJiHEIX
HAIGHT. 1298. Buena Vista, cor. Ontral ave.
— Elegantly furnished flats: also unfurnishert;
house has all conveniences and Is situated in
fpjpct neighborhood.
PLATS FOR SALE Fl'H.MSIIED..
GREATEST bargain In city: 6 rooms, bath:
piano optional. 257O Market St.
FURMTUItE FOR SALE. ¦•
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant'*
Furniture Co.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
Ander. on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market,
furnishes everything for the house: low price*.
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for .sale. Box 85z!
Call rfflce.
FURNITURE. *tove«. bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 VaIencia.nr.l6th.Tel.Church 337S.
FlR.MTinE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessls 761.
Don't sell your furniture carpets, office fur-
rlture. *tc . until you get his estimate.
WANTED — To buy a folding bed In good con-
dition. Address box 1020. Call office.
CHA3. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture. carp* ta. etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE. •
"WANTED — German or French cook, no wash, '
$40; second cook, springs. SiO, fare paid;' 1
waitresses and chambermaids, city and coun-
try. $25. $3 and $10 a week: waitress for lunch,
cafe, $7 a week; cook. $35, no wash; cham-
bermaid and wait some, sanitarium. $25;
North German nurse, $25: French house girl
for widow lady, $25: pantry girl. $25: 4 cook*.
German style. $30; 11 girls, housework, coun-
try. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A NURSE for a child 3 years old, references,
wages $30; a cook for family of 5 San Ra-
fael, $30; woman for cocking on a ranch
(one child no objection), $25, see party' in
town; a laundress for 3 in family. $30; a.
nurse for an infant, ?2.">. Apply MISS
I'LUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.'
AN Irish Catholic second girl for small fam-
ily. $30; a second cook for a resort, $35; a
laundress and chambermaid for 2 in family
for city. $30. see lady In of rice; a cook for »
private family. Oakland. $35. Apply MIS3*
PLCXKETTS, 425 Sutter st.. nr. Powel!.
A — 50 WAITRESSES, springs resort* $25
10 waitresses, city and commercial hoteJs.S25
10 extra waitresses, $1 50 and $3 day; fre«
fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslnjr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A- to '£¦
in 2 weeks; tuition (5 to those entering- now;
5 positions to fill immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
eon; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15; position as trimmer*.
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
f!ay and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
Halrdressing, manicuring 1 , maoage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair; $5 2
wks.; day, eve. class; positions secured, highest
wages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell*.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ribbon depart-
ment. Apply main office, between 0 and 19
a. m.. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market St.
WANTED — Lady who understands music;
salary $300 per year; first-class refcrencts
university society. Box 1133, Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework for ' Rum
station; wages $25; call Saturday from k» to"
12 a. m. 81 Flood building.
A LAUNDRESS for Monday. 610 Birch ave..
near Lacuna st. - .
LAUNDRESS two days each we>k. 1713 Brod-
erick St., near Bush.; phone West 03.
WANTED — Two young women to fill tha po-
sitions of seamstress and do scrubbing a«it .
dishwashing; good wagrea. ! Hebrew Orphan- -
age. COO Devlsadero street.
WANTED — Young woman who la an experi-
enced dry gods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
POSITION of trust for woman of business ex-
periences; references and bond. Box 1403,
Call office.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick bops in August!
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..S.F.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEX & CO., Employment Agt»..
429 Bush st.. 642 Clay st.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Muckers, $75.
Teamsters, $75. . "
Laborers, $75.
Drillers, $00.
Concrete mixers, $90.
Fare refunded after 10 days' work. »
Teamsters. Clarke's new Salt Lake R. n. rn
Southern California, near Los Angeles. $<:#.
Special rate, fare $4 65.
Gardener, see boss here, $27 60.
Farmers, milkers, $30. $33.
6 men to fwamp and buck ties, $33, $40}
steamer sails to-day.
Hotel clerk, commercial hotel, $60.
Head waiter, country hotel, $4O-$50.
Baker's helper, watering resort. $30. '
You-g barkeeper, city, $40.
Pantryman (make salads only), $4O-$3O.
Butcher, country shop, $™o.
Cooks, waiters, porters, bellboys, pajtrymen,
$15 to $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employmsnt Ajsnts,
420 Bush St.. 642 Clay at. . -
CARRIAGE setter for mill, $65 and found:
2 crosscut sawyers, $40 and found; laborer
about mill, $2 50 day; teamster, $2 50- day:
farmers, milker and separator man. $35 and
found; machine men, blacksmith helper and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento st. .
BAKER, country shop, $12 week and found;
cook and wife, country hotel. $73: night cook.
$12 week: boarding-house cook. $43; fry cook.
$14 week: restaurant cook. $16 week: pantry-
man, $23 and found; potwasher, $25 and
feund; 2 hotel waiters. $30 and found; hot<-l
pnrt«r. $25 and found: and others. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st. .^ ¦ .
~~ HORD & SMITH.
Contractors' Agents. 93 Third st.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
This Is the best offer mad* yet.
Teamsters ..$2 SO
Laborers $2 50
And the boss Is here and gives you a writ-
ten guarantee to refund your fare In ten (10)
days. Take advantage of this offer for It
may not last Jonjr.
RED CROSS EMPLOMENT OFFICE.
602 Clay St. Phone James 2478
6 scraper teamsters $- SO .day
20 pick and shovel men $2 00 day
10 laborers, long Job $2 23 day
Nevada Government Work Nevada
Teamsters, laborers, drillers and muckers.
A GROOM for a private family. $40. board and
room; letters of reference necessary. Call
after 9 a. m. to-day. MIS3 PLUNKETT.
425 Sutler St.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. YZ—
Walter. $30; bellboys, $20; cook, $60.
WANTED — Experienced salesmen for men*
clothing department. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market St.
Bl'SHELMEN wanted! Apply it 3 n!
WOOD & CO., 7 JO Market st.
CLOTHING salesmen. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market st
A BRIGHT younjr man as assistant bookkeeper
In wholesale house; state age. experience ref-
erences and salary expected. Address 11. B.
box 1137. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free Information aa
to position?, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
IN office of lanre corDoratlon. younis man o£
good education: salary $25 per month Hex
1420, Call office.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc; no canvass-
lng;gcod pa7.Sun Advertising Bureau. Chicago
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday.
420 Broadway.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $6. 705
Montgomery ave. /
BARBER wanted from 1 o'clock; bring tools.
Twenty-ninth and Church «ta.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 1345
Mission st.
BA RBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
303 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
BARBERS — Two-chair shop (revolving) ITsT
MCLLER, Dwight way. Berkeley.
YOUNG man to carry morning route; apply
after 4 p. m. lyjl Webster st.
FIRST-CLASS all-round candy maktr. X*.
• Deraartlni Supply Co.. ,112 Front tf.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 8.'© Sacramento. Tel. James Clltil.
A — OIIPHEUM Employment Offlce^-Japanese-
Chlntse help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung'a. 4Jl^j O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.m^r. : tel Bush 859.
RELIABLK Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 318S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLO Y>I KXT WASTED PEMA LE.
SWEDISH woman, willing to work, wlsl e«. a"
lew hours' vork by the day. 133 California
«va.. do?, n. talrs.
A SWEDISH girl wants position to do general
housework; wages $25. Call at 41 Clara st.
WOMAN wants work, washing, mending and
sewing at home. 6 Hoft ave.
COMPETENT, reliable, good woman wants
work by the day. washing, ironing or house-
cleaning; $1 5t> a day and carfare or 75c
half day. Please inquire at 58 Valley st..
between San Jose ave. and Dolores st.
RELIABLE man and wife wish a position:
man thoroughly understands care of horses,
carriages, and Is good gardener and gen-
eral man about place; wife goAl cook and
' laundress; good reference. Box 2680. Call.
A YOUNG lady speaking French and German
desires a situation as companion to elderly
lady or governess to children. Address MISS
MERLATTO, 9 Bronte st., nr. Cortland ave.
WANTED — Position at second work In a small
Jewish family by respectable young woman.
Address box 2C95. Call office. -.*,,.
A RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a
position as a companion with an elderly lady
and do light housework. Box 2675, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, wash-
Ing, ironing and cleaning; $1 60; good refer-
ences. 1 Mission court, near Fifteenth st.
A POSITION wanted by a good plain cook;
city or country; wages $30; best references.
220 Willow ave.. oft Van Ness; car Tare.
A RESPECTABLE, well educated lady, 32
years old, wishes a position as housekeeper.
city or country; $30 to $40. Box 1113, Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work in a small American family. 1200!*
Dtvlsadero st.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper in hotel,
rooming-house, or aged couple: reference-
will go to country. Call 1028 Qoldtn Gate av.
TWO Swedish girls desire positions to do gen-
eral housework; do not speak English. Call
at 3&5 Jersey st.
YOUNO lady, experienced stenographer and
typewriter, desires position; • references. G.
M.. 1923 Mission st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl, Just out from 3w«den
wishes a place; general housework: wages
$15. 2G50 Fo'.som st.
GERMAN woman would like a position in a
bakery. Box 1416. Call, office.
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter. Box 2867. Call.
JAPANESE girl wants place at housework
and olaln cooking. M.. 530 Stevenson st.
WANTED MALM.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single wishes
a situation In a grocery store and barroom:
first-class city references. W. BOHLING
417 Kearny st.
EXPERT egg candler who also controls some
egg trade wishes position; 14 years' expe-
rience in California. Address W. E. C. 724
Folsom st.
RELIABLE gentleman wishes position In
wholesaje house preparatory to being travel-
ing salesman; first-class references; 10 years'
experience in furniture line. Box 1388, Call.
A GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly
competent in all branches of horticulture; 8
years in last position; first-class recommenda-
tlon. Box 1246. Call office.
YOUNG man, experienced butcher who can cut
meat, ' would like position in shop or drive
wagon, city or country. Box 1407. Call.
NURSE (male) desires position; graduate traln-
lng-school; first-class references; used to
travel. DURHAM, 1235 Market st.
YOUNG man, experienced city cashier, desires
situation as same or as office clerk; good pen-
man. Box 2665. Call office.
YOUNG boy to run errands * during vacation.
Box 1516. Fifteenth ave. South.
BELL or elevator; boy; experienced Japanese
wants situation at any time. ITO, 807 Polk.
SP1IUTUALISM.
MRS. j! j. WHITNEY.
Clairvoyant, trance, business medium and Ufa
reader. 12C0 Market St.. Gait House.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 6th, trance med.; ladies'
circle to-day 2, 10c; meeting every night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA— Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL. DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry. In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, ana luck that insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling: power in your nature so. you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love,' bring back your loved one. and causa
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell at.. 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
b!dg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with -life, or
have domestic, lov e or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; .satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4B69.
A— Miss M. Wille, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian "eeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening:. 0 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg:, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard. bet.4th&Bth.
MISS WARD clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market st.
MME. ODELL return.d; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 444^ Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st. ¦
JSDUCATIONAL.
E. R. AYRES, founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned
to take active management; bookkeeping,
shorthand, typewriting; $5 . a month; life
scholarship 550: day and evening. Bancroft
building, 723 Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 733 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West,
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting «1ves
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all. other Western
¦ schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day. ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. Col. with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket,. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
I man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.2t Post
St.. . S. F. ; a practical school ot engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults, Mon. .and Frl. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia, and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech,. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day • ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra.bookkeeping.shorthand;
day, eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 025 Golden
¦ . Gate ave.. - S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. : MRS. PECK,
... experienced teacher. .. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market it,; opposite Fifth* i
Open until 11 p. ra. j
THE. CALL
JOHX P. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXArGHT Manager
W. .1. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
¦ Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Offlc* Market and Third. S. F.
" Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson »t.
. T'llrered by Carriers, 20 CU. Per Week. 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 6 CU.
. Tens* by Mill. Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
- I>AILT CALL flnclud. Sunday). 1 year... $S. TO
DAILY CALL dnclud. Sunday). « moi... 4-00
DAILY CAL1,— Ey Single Month »g«
. SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year V. 100
- Por>rT - v I r>aily...$S.SO Per Year Extra
¦ESSFiSi -I Sur.eay. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, • (Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
.ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample .Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail tubscrtber* In orderle* chanre cf a4-
• tnts iboutd be particular to rive both NEW
' ANU OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
•• • prompt aad correct compliance with their r«-
¦ -coest. ' . • ; - . _
' . -. OAKLAND OFFICE:
• • 1016 Broadway... Telephone Main IMS
'.. " . BERKELEY~OFFICn: _
¦¦tliS Center Street Telephone North 77
.¦"¦• . Washington correspondent:
EAMTJEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
' . .' ' 'NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
•. ¦VZa.l&ctf- Astoria Holel; A. Brentana, 81
Vr.ion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave- |
. tue- Hotel ted- Hoffman House.
'' • "" CIUCAGO NEWS STANDS:
. '¦ fh»rmi.i House; P. O. New« Co.: Great
'-. Northtm Hotel; Trernont House; Auditorium
. Jioteli -Partner House.
• -.CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
. C. nrORGE KROGNKRS.-.Marquette Building
. / tLong "Distajice. Telephone. •'Central 2619.")
'¦-'¦¦ ••"¦' N-EW TQRK REPRESENTATIVE:
B/ SMITH 30 Tribune Building
" ' • - ' NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
. C. C. ¦t:.' > 'T:'yTOS -. . . Herald Square
i "BUSINESS OFFICE of' the San Francisco Call.
• • 'Corner Market ard Third streets; open until
¦¦:-- J2 'o'clock f.vfry nipht in the year. •
¦ BRANCH .OFFICES:
. 3 *¦••'* -Market street, eppotite Fifth; open until
"• • . -ii p* m: ' • . • .. ,:
• tp~ Morujromery street, corner Clay; open until
V \S*?3»j>. n>. . '. . -
t ;Kt Ka yes. street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C" M .i -McAllister .street: open until. 9:30 p. m.
' f*lT, L^rkin s'-i-fet, open until 9:30 p. m.
1 Tttr MhrirtfMi\tTTTt; open until 10 p. m.
.2J* I Market- etreet, corner Sixteenth; open until
• C«>.. BL" • • . *. -.'.
3*^<; Eleventh street; open ur.tll 9 p. m. •
•KB* Vnj*Tic!a street; ".open until 9 p. m.
corner. Church and Duncan etreeU;
'-* r £;Vn-uritil.9 p. m. . '
*. JCorthw»Ft .comer, of f wrr.ty-second and Ken-
..-.tifcky fSr«?et*: open until 8 p. m.
J2f«i JFfillmore t-treet; open until 9 p. m.
....'. : rcmncn • services.
.F.'JiPT V-nited Presbyterian • Church." corner
<jii*<Jen Gate ave. and Polk Et. — Preaching
t'l-mcrrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:30
¦ " . I: rn. bjrCb* paytoc, "H. H. Bell. D.D. Morn-
• •• in? thtoe; "Large Lii/e From Small Places."
"Kvening -theme, .•'The' Parsing and the Abld-
tfp." Sabbath school. 0:45 a. m. Christian
• "jlndifavor -Societies. at 5:30 and 6:30 p. rri.
• Sf-krierrs cordially .Invited to all services.
" IJ^n tree. 'Courteous ushers. Come and
•• . trine your friends. * "
-¦ : - ; MEHTJNG XOTIPES.
..-OJvFICERP and members of Court Oc- w m
. . 'cMental No. 0C7tt. A. O. F., are no- N— *^ ¦
." *t;'n>J . tc»' «£serrrb!e at parlors of Cj
•Bunker & Lur.t, 2GCC Mission st, on .Sjf
.-JKUXPAT. Jujy 3/ at 1 :30 p. m. *SS>
fhkrp to attend fu-reral of t»ur late brother,
• - P. C. R-.: JOS. MOSCROP. Interment Mount
"•" Olivet <>met«Ty. By order of
. -¦ ' GCO. A. ROWLAND. Chief Ranger.
.." CF:<-t...FRIED£MANN. Fin." Sec.
•" Southern pacific company, ofnee of
F<cr«".ary.. New York. June 15. 1901. "Notice
• to ftoctkholders. . • '
.* To. the.' Stockholders of Southern Pacific.
• CoT,->ar.y : . ¦
. Nctic»- is "hereby riven that the board of
«:r«rtorF cf .th» Southern " Pacific Company
«.t ¦a.inef'tlng this day .held, called a special
. m*tting-of the stockholders of eaid company
•. to convene "at' th* .office ot the company in
Beechmor.t. Jefferson . County,' on
• Wednesday. t?;e twentieth .day "of July, 1904
mt \l o'ciock-a. m:. .standard time.' to consider
• ml act upon: resolutions to be" brought before
•th*m at- said- meeting In substantially the
Ic'rni and in the effect' following, viz:
.•;P.<?Folve<i ('I), .that -the capital stock of the
Fou*.h?rn Pacific Company be increased one
hundred rni'lion dollars by Issuing one million
• addrucTial filar.** of the par value of one hun-
dred demurs each."
'•p.f*olved.(2). that the raid Increased stock
shall be preferred etGck; that the holders of
eurh preferred, stock s-hall be entitled to djvl-
d«nd« in eac.h fiscal year at such rate not ex-
ceciir.g. seven per cent per annum.' payable
terr.i-annua'ly oot cf the net profits, as shall
t,e jfedate£ by jhe board of directors, before
er.y <*.;\ider.d sliall be drclar^d on the common
ftorlr;. that Fuch 'dividends thall be non-cumu-
•Jative; that the holiprs of euch preferred stock
. »h»lr not by "virtue, thereof be entitled to any
• other or lurther share of the profits cf the
company, that, upon the dissolution of the
company, voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
cf -preferred t-tock shall be entitled to have
tb<sr Khsws redeemed at. par before any dis-
try,ctlon tl any part cf the assets of the com-
.¦jiarif Mai] be made to' the holders of the com-
Cion stock-: that «sai8 ¦rref^rrtd stock shall be
"It F^ed .and sold from time to . time to such
e mounts and in Fuch manner as the board of
. directors .may authorize and determine but
"et net !e«y- than the par value of the shares-
-that tt «hal! be convertible into common stock'
. "thareTer share, at the option cf the holders'
• t apy time: and shall be redeemaole at the
¦eptlon "cf t*ie company en or at any time after
the flrn day of July, 1905, and before the first
<5»y of July. 1910. at.cne hundred and fifteen
"tfo'lar? per share."
.- ••Rpfo1v<-<1 <o>. thst the board of directors
• phall be ar.d they art hereby authorized to e»-
tablitb. from time to time." and enforce all
euch rules and r»»guiations rei-pectirig the ls-
"eue. tale, rta'mptlcn and conversion of such
rtock. not inconsistent herewith as ln~"tbe
Judgment of. the -board may be necessary or
. expedient."
' " For the purpose of such special meeting the
• rtock transfer books of the company will be
, olQsed July 1*. l»04. at 3 o'clock p. m. and
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1&04, at 10 o'clock
fc.. us ; ". •
ALEX. MILLAR, Secretary and Clerk.
•ATTOIIXEYS-AT-LAW. ~~~~
G. YV. HOWE, 1122 MARKETST^ '
•JVI. Jecs> 4711. Established '£1 years. Advice
free on all ;O."-1 matters; divorce* a specialty,
, privtite. quick: no pay in advance; mining com-
Jian :+* organized; patents obtained; wtlla, deeds
collections; detecti\e* employed.
K. "V. KJNO. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Jth. floor; 'entrance room till'; established IS
>«:af9«; all cases, general court and office
jffacUce; no fec^n advance or - for consulta-
. tlon: * vfnln g' b y appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
TENSION «tty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 13
>' r *- pnfetice; .refs. from many thousands ot
woldiers, sailers, widows and orphans on Pa-
_.cmc»Cosn for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVOUCE— Cosu. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: bll ljw business; no charge unless *>uc-
. ceff^ul; open evenings. 827 Market, room 30L
"ADVLCE free: d'vorc* costs $12; no fee* l>r
cost* in advance: all law business; office
otyn Saturday evening*. 819 Market rt., r. 33.
L.* ,S* CTLARK. 927 Market 6t7;~consultatlcn
tree; no fees in adyance; open evenings.
ACTOaiOBII.ES. ~~
AUTOMOBILES- Livery^ garage and sales-
y rooms; automobiles of every description
bought and sold; will buy or sell- second-
hand machines. See us before you do any-
thing with your machine.- Phone South 702
Pacific gutet Automobile Co.. 217 Elli« «t
AUTOMOBILE for sale cheap; 3-seater: car-
rirs nine persons or more; horsepower; in
pt-rfeet order. For particulars inquire cf VV
J. "U'EATHERLY. 20 Fremont «t-
YVHITE touring car. Vfed a f"ew weeks; com-
P>te top, clocks, gas lamps, etc; must be
ecld: owner leaving. Apply 513 16th. Oakland.
11U.ST sell; automobile in perfect running or-
der: a bargain; owner leaving. Central Park
Autonfcbiie Co.. J1S5 Market gt.
FOR eale — CADILLAC; canopy top; seats 4;
perfect condition. Box 268S. CalL
A CADILLAC automobile for sale. Box 1043.
Call efflce.
WANTED — A ra«ollne automobile. Box 2549,
Call efflce.
%VANTED — To buy an automobile: must be
reasonable. Bqx 3510. Call efflce.
*_ ASTTTMA BEMZDY.
A- Dl Nola'B "Asthma Remedy relieves "instant-
ly; 10c, Sic, SOc. ltiOl' Market, St. Nicholas.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
sery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders; outfit free; experience and capital
not necessary if you have push and energy;
a few choice fields still open; write before
assigned. Chico Nursery Co.. Chlco, Cal.
WANTED — Both male and female, to do house-
to-house canvassing; bis money in it; with
but little effort any ordinary man or woman
of intelligence can make from $10 to $25 per
day. Apply at 1224 Haicht st.
BUSINESS setters, acquainted with B. and
L. Insurance or co-operative investments,
looking for betterment, call and se« me.
McGARVIE, 53 Columbian bldg.,916 Market.
DETECTIVES throughout State as agents for
Golden Gate Detective Apency. 759 Market st.
BOOKS.
THE book of the period; the novel of the cen-
tury;The Delicious Life-saving Klss;byVerus
Casrander; to be published in the United
States and the United Kingdom on July 4,
1904 (on that day in honor of the cordial
friendship between the two great and glorious
Anglo-Celtic-Saxon nations and in the hopo
of its Increase and perpetuation.) Write for cir-
cular*, contalnlnr extracts from this ex-
traordinary book, to Dr. Henry Egbert, box
2228, P. O., 6an Francisco. <Long live the
King of England and the President of Amer-
ica.)
DALT & CUHRAN. second-hand booksellers.
removed from 206 Powell gt.. to 857 Geary st.
6 BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN boarded; best of care; references
exchanged. 1721 Thirteenth ave.. E. Oakland.
BCSilXESS CHANCES.
A— $1700; HOTEL^ with™ b^LrT^dlning^roomi
. kitchen and 36 rooms; piano. «tc. ; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. O. WILKE, 26tf
Keamy st.
A— ?3500; BEER hall; choice location; 8 -year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest etock of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny.
A— $450; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall;
5-year lease; splendid business opening. See
R. G. WII.KE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1500; SALOON in wholesale district; rent
$50; estab. 25 years: a good-paying saloon
and fine fixtures; value in sight. Call R. O.
_WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter st. ;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busi-
ness; lease; rent $115; net rent $4S; elegant
fixtures. See R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $15.5C0; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month; location and busi-
ness can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE, 2«^
. Kearny st.
A— fSOO; PARTNER wanted In office of manu-
facturer's agent; a f.rst-clasa offer for good
man: $500 to be invested in business; office
clears about ?250 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— S2200: ROADHOUSE! Roadhouse! Road-
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease: a first-class .paying resort. See R. G.
¦ WILKE, 26i^ Kearny st. /
A— $3500 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must be sacrificed on ac-
. count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
' WILKE. Ir6»-i Kearny «t.
-A — $450: BARBER shop; 3 chairs; best loca-
tion in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $000; CHOPHQUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with eteady
and transient customers; owner clears about
J1T5 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti'i
Kearny Et.
A — $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
pood furniture; 'ease; place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150: lease: place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26<4 Kearny et.
A — $375; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke, 2614 Kearny.
SOME stock In the Pinal and Brookshlre oil
' wells, which are producing large quantities
of high-grade oil and selling to the Standard
Oil Company at from €5c to 75c; the most
promising oil investment, perhaps, in th«
State. For particulars apply to
W r . E. BARNARD, 476 Tenth st., Oakland.
FOR SALE — Oakland Crematory stock.
Already paying dividends in March, May and
June, 30c each menth.
6. P. milling stock; pays 50c per share
monthly and has done so for over 10 years;
these two above the safest and best paying
stocks In the market.
Some other attractive Investments. Call on
W. E. BARNARD. 47C Tenth st.. Oakland.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs; complete; rent and
water $20 $400
Home bakery; no wagon tradp; snap $2000
. Cigar stand; 2 years' lease; rent $35 $400
Branch bakery, delicatessen, notion store.S400
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. IOOSV3 Market st.
$375 — RESTAURANT and cafe seating 45;
plenty tableware, French range 2 gas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1008^ Market st.
$275— BRANCH bakery and notion store;
good location; good business; 4 living rooms;
rent $15. Merchants* Agency, 100S»4 Market.
FOR sale — Stock and implements of a model
chicken ranch of 53 acres; 40 acres farming
land, orchard, vineyard; chicken and brooder
house; two years' lease; ',; mile from school,
2 miles from town; modern house, (5 rooms;
pood barns, windmill and tankhouse; run-
ning water. Address P. O. box 265, Petaluma,
Sonoma County, Cal.
$'J50 — COR. saloon and 4 living rooms and.
bath above; good corner for business. Par-
ticulars with ALDEN. 123-"{ Broadway.
$2000— SALOON for sale, near Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland; rent $20 and lease;
owner going East; good bargain. ALDEN,
1233 Broadway, Oakland.
IF you Intend to buy or sell. It will pay you
to call on the
EUREKA REALTT CO.,
78314 Market st. ; phone Black C897.
The up-to-date real estate agents.
$5O0-?5G0O— GROCERY and bar; bargalne.
*r>50-$15.000— Saloons and restaurants.
$250-$1000— Delicatessen: branch bakeries.
$10(>0-$12.000 — Rradhous^s and ranches
BERG. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 31S Kearny at.
$3rK>— WANTED, steady, sober partner; estab-
lished commission business; experience not
necessary'; must be t«at!sfled with $20 per
¦<vc-ek and able to keep light office books. See
H. C. KOOP & CO.. 1118 Market at.
PHYSICIAN'S opportunity — Four openings;
first-class equipment: established business;
$500. $1000. $2000 and $3000; present owner
retiring from business; will stand lnvestiga-
tlon. Address box 1410, Call office.
GROCERY and bar In Hayes Valley for sale;
cash trade; new and clean stock of good*;
fixtures and cash register, etc.; low rent.
Box 1022. Call office.
HOTEL for sale or lease to a responsible
party; located in a lively business town about
60 miles from San Francisco. Address box
106C. Call ofnee. .
$250— P.ETIRINO partner's Interest in paying
commission business; established 18S4; re-
malning partner reliable man. Box 2647, Call.
DO you wish to Invest $200, with services;
money r«cured; $05 month. 1221 Market st
room 1.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
piace; will pay $90 a month; price $250. C32
Market, room 6.
FOR rale— Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars inquire
&00 Third et.. S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store with tables
for serving meals; best location in city and
a good trade; price $700. Box 2584. Call.
WANTED— To buy a coal and wood yard; es-
tablished and In rood locat'on. Addrees Box
837. Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery with bar In Western Ad-
dition; good location; price $1200. Box 872.
Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar store; must be
eold at once: cheap rent; lease. Box 1220.
Call office. Oakland.
GROCERY and liquor store in the Mission for
sale; price $1100; average cash sales $21
per day. Particulars box 2543. Call office.
FOR sale — Fine erocery. also liquors: parties
going East. Corner . Duncan and Guerrero.
$350^ — DAIRY and delicacy 6tore, with living
rooms. Apply 379 Hayes at.
PAPER route for sale; 500 subscribers. A~p-
ply news agent. Point Richmond.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; splendid loca-
tion. 660 Fourth st.
OFFICE man; light work; cash business- $65
month; $350 cash required. Box 2687. Call.
CIGAR stand for sale; good location. Box
350S. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant; not over $C50
Address box S55S. Call office.
$450 — CANDY and "Ice cream storey'furnlshed
rooms; nrat-class; rent $35. 210 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pases. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
A LITTLE WANT ADVERTISEMENT PLACED IN THESE
¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ - _\ '. . " '.. • ¦
• The Srifeiotif Sc : Toaster
...A Most Useful Household Utensil...
..Will Be Given to Want Advertisers..
NEXT' SUNDAY'S CALL
The Scientific Broiler is the latest and most improved article on .the market for
toasting bread or broiling oysters or clams, steaks, etc. It is especially adapted for
gas ranges, as the lower screen holds the flame and compels the heat to be evenly dis-
tributed. Toaster can be used on gas, oil or coal stoves by simply turning it over;
coarse mesh, as indicated in above cut, to be used for coal stoves and the finer mesh
for gas or oil.
This article is strong and simple in arrangement and can be easily cleaned.
Premiums presented Thursday, Friday and Saturday to classified Advertisers in
next Sunday's Edition.
Want Advertisers only are entitled to gifts.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
(BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every nlsht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. I
Is 300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
j 639 McAllister rtreot; op«n until 9:30 p. m. {
(16 L,arkin street; open until 'J:SO p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market alrect. corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
.mil ¦ 1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. 11
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until • p. in.
2200 Fillmore atreet; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadwar.«.«>« Telephone Main 1083
' BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center . Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Bchnelder's Book Store Parlc StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
13
MISCELL-AXEOfJS FOR SALE— Con.
FOR sale — Second-hand laundry machinery,
consisting of engine, boilers, mangles, wash-
Ing machines, etc.; reasonable. Box 2650,
Call office.
BUTCHER shop fixtures for sale, complete,
with refrigerator, cheap. Inquire Octavia
and Fulton sts.
ELASTIC stockings.. $2. Factory, 40 Ellis st.
AWNINGS, tents, new, second-hand. SUN TENT
A AWNING CO., 42 Spear st. ; tel. John 6486.
FOR sale — Young chickens. 30c and 35c; hens.
40c. 909 Treat ave.. near Twenty-second st.
EVERLASTING signs, letters, numbers; only
makers In State. BAKER'S, 21 Spear st.
PIGEONS — Homers, runts, all leading varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1S16 Market st.
BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission St.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING CO.,35 Mkt. Tel. Bush 858.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition, 31
vols. KING'S. 61 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
galupi, moved to 7£>6 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale;, cheap; some
new; 16x16. 310 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg*y.
I SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
! hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Mkt.
i SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
1 MANN SAFE CO.. 507 Battery st. ,
I MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
. & CO., 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A WEEK'S nowa for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 p~»gfrs. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
MISCELLAXEOIS WA.\TS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
irondi.. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton s>t.
A— MORRIS gives highest prices for ladles' and
gents' castoff clothing; postal.. 943 Folsom. ¦
HIGHE.ST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st. - > ¦
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2351.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MOXKY WAATED.
WANTED — $400 and $S0O; 10 per cent Interest;
security outside lots. O. R.. box 26S6. Call.
AAA- HERMAN " MURPHY. ~
601-602-e03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country'.
Low rata of interest.
Give full particular*
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Crake, 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin- Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diatronds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fir-proof vault is protected 1
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, toarding-houses. without
security: easy payments; large business tn 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at '2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. I hone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or planon; no removal;
no commission : no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
ON real estate, personal property. E. W. Lick
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., 70S Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employee. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Lean Bank. &38 Kearny.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos: no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorrer. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
l>arg.-iins for piano purchasers. Qlve us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 156O-«2-64 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickering, Vose,
Eteinway. eteck. Sterling, Curtar, Neuman.
Erard, Halr.es and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
AFTER the summer is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary
et.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright pianf> for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
FOR sale— 10 pieces M. S. music with words.
30 McAllister st.. care landlady.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whttehead's storage.lti3C Mkt.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister St.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; J85.
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
BOHMEIl. Byrori Mauzy pianos Ceeellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 3C8-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
_men^s : _SCIOIIT^_&_CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand-
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.'
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE to let. suitable for butcher. Inquire
grocery store. Sacramento and Spruce sts.
rERSOXALS.~
A EUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agent wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market «t. bet. 7th and Sth.
DR. ROWF.LL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price SOe. Manufactured solely
by R0WF.LL A BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star KemedyCo. ,1.133 Polk.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32a Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varlcocele,
etc.; easily wort.: $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary. S.F.
JOHN KEENAN will not be responslble~ior
any bill contracted by his wife, EDITH
KEENAN, as she has left his bed and board.
FRANK O. O'NEIL: Send address to IL E*
2646. Call office; something important..:
SCOTT, 300. NE. cor. Page, near Halght-st.
cars — Two newly furnished, sunny, connect-
ing rooms; bath, gas range, dishes.
CALIFORNIA. S026— Nicely furnished rooms;
housekeeping or otherwise If desired; no
other roomers.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
jrcom & kitchen, connecting: reas. ;no child'n.
EDDY, SCG^Larsce room, nicely furnished for
light housekeeping; running water.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200— Lower floor; sun-
ny front suite with kitchen; running water;
gas range. • •
HAIGHT, 234, cor. Buchanan — Two sunny
suites of 2 and 3 rooms; furnished house-
keeping rooms.
HOWARD, 713% — Bunny housekeeping rooms;
adults; respectable; no transients.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 2O43— Furnished room.
JACKSON, 1220, near Jones — 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKINM0O7. cor.Post — The Cragburn. H. Bur-
ltngame.prop. : rmi., single A hkpg.apartmenta.
OAK. 117, 538 . McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
PEARL, S, corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms, $14; phone; no children.
SECOND, 212 — Housekeeping rooms; nicely lo-
cated; no children; also single rooms: reaa.
SEVENTH. 154 — Sunny front suite housekeep-
ing rooms; $4 60; upper flat.
SOUTH PARK, 126 — i unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; no children. :• V
TWENTY-SIXTH. 2043 — Furnished room.
WALLER. 71 — Fine sunny rooms in new flat;
suites $12 up; fine marine view, •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the reoeptlon
of advertisements and subscriptions baa been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
:.PAETME»T HOUSES.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness are.—
The acme of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
baths, steam heat. eiec. light, elev., gas raxge.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and L'nlara.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 502 — Newly furnished rooms: modern
conveniences; suites and single rooms.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny room;; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 110 (The Launston) — Central; best reg-
ular and transient in city; lowest rates.
EDDY, 313 — Furnished front room, one or two
gents; private family; close in; $12.
EDDY, 1736 — Sunny front rooms, completely
furnished; bath, laundry, yard; no children.
ELEVENTH, 21— Elegant rooms, single or en
suite; furnished or unfurnished; references.
ELLIS, 655A— Large, furnished front room;
private family; $14 per month.
FILLMORE, 1007, cor. McAllister — Nicely fur-
nished corner room, suitable for 2 gentle-
men; bath; modern.
FOLSOM, SZi — Sunny bay-window room with
double bed, closet and bath; also sunny single
room, $1 25 per week.
FOLSOM. 1220 — Nice, sunny rooms, from, $1
per week up.
FRANKLIN. 721, near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; for 2,$12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; readicg-rm.
HARTFORD. 70. near Eighteenth — Two large,
sunny, front unfurnished roms In a new fiat.
JESSIE. 3fi3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
$« per month; 2 beds. $10.
MARKET. 1049A.The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator: $2 to $7.
MINNA. 735^A, near Ninth — Fine Cat. 6 rooms
and bath; cheap.
NINTH. 12S^i — Connecting front room and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
POST. 6$9. near Hyde — Large furnished front
r;cm; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
POWELL. 216. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Nice
furnished rooms; reasonable; $1 75. $2 up wk.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH, 240% — Furnished rooms, day. week or
month: location central and reasonable.
SUTTER, 361 (Larchmont) — $3 to $6 per week;
modern; hot aad cold water; baths free.
THE ST. KATHliYN]
N E. COR.' LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS — SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY: BATHS; HOT
. AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM; ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PFR WEEK.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices on
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in suite
or single, by the day. week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 40O
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Markst—
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms;
35c to $1 50 nisht; $2 to $9 week: elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 15o
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
boohs a:td boabi).
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL, BEAUTI-
FULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE. MANAGER.
BUSH. S04 — Nicely furnished rooms; suncy:
front alcove; bath and board.
• POWELL. 502-^Nlcely furnished room for 2: ail
I new; also single; reasonable; private board.
VAN NESS, 1411— Nicely furnlshedrooms for
gentlemen; splendid table board; references.
HARFISON. 500 — Good table board; home
cooking; woman cook: cheap and Clean.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California— See rooms.learnprices.trytable
HOWARD. 841A — Ftnt-class board and room,
single or double, $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
EDDY, 112S. cpp.' Jefferson PJt. — Nicely fur.
runny rooms; table board: reas.: new mang*t.
GEAirr, 501, Hotei L' Aiglon — Family rooms
and boaril: entirely renovated: reas. prices.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT A STOLL Storage Co.: storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43: teL South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped- -725-
731 Howard tt.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.-
phone Mint 2IM1. JOHN F. COOPER, pres.
PIERCE-RODQLPH Storage A Moving Co. of-
flce Post p.nd yowell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. "871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dU:. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 128.
GOLDEN Went Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard Oil. F.W.Zehfuw.
PACIFIC Storage *nd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
rt.. tei. Main 1&40. Shipping at cut rates.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
RESTAURANT. 200 Jones, has changed hands-
outstanding bills must be presented in 5 dajrs!
REAL E STATE CITY FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
TWO FINE BUYS IN FLATS.
$10,000.
2 new flats with attic and basement Just being
finished in northern part of city: north side of
street; sun in front; unobstructed view in rear;
upper flat, 9 rooms and 1 baths, rents for $60:
lower flat. 6 rooms and bath, asking $35; total
rents $95; 4 finished rooms and bath In base-
ment to be ueed as servants' apartments for
the 2 flats.
Inquire at our office for particulars.
$14,000.
8 NEW FLATS JUST FINISHER
Not yet rented.
Total rents, asking, $145.
Only $12,500.
JACKSON AND LEAVENWORTH.
IN town.
. 62 ft. front by 112 ft. deep.
Covered with frame improvements which
bring in $67 a month now. By some outlay
could be made to pay at least $100.
MISSION-ST. BUT.
$30,000.
Rents $159 now.
Will soon bring in $170 to $173.
35 ft. frontace.
$30,000.
HOWARD ST., NEAR FERRIES.
45:10 by 137:8.
BROADWAY RESIDENCE LOT.
$7000.
40 by 137:6.
Select reeidence locality.
Sheltered from westerly winds.
CHEAP HAIGHT-ST. LOTS.
50 by 137:6.
Only $7500.
Etreet work and sidewalk all done; cable
cars passing; fine location for 2 or 3 stores and
4 or 6 flats above.
CORNER NEAR SECOND AND MISSION.
Only $15,000.
Over 100 ft. frontajce.
Just the locality for printing offices.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$1 28 PER week: no Interest; lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready to build your little home
co; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery fit., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 CaKaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$1400— COTTAGE 5 rooms; extra lot; must sell
at once; $30O cash, balance $12 per month;
this is certainly a snap. 3316 Mission st.
COTTAGE with all modern improvements t
terms same as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yard, cor. Army and Condon sts.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank,
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH * MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
FOR SALE — ELEGANT FLATS; up to date;
terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
erick, west of Wlllard. Sam Glass, builder,
on premises.
POIAT IlICIIMOM) KCAL ESTATK.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre; lots
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments,
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT, 401 Calst..S.F.
FOUR choice lots for sale: cheap for cash.
Apply 328 Bush St., third floor, room 4.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Smle.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643
Market et.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
, 1
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house, 6 rooms; modern
conveniences; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete; $750 cash, balance $23 per month, in-
cluding principal and interest at S ier cent;
one block and a half from car; 5 minuter'
walk from station; situated at 22 U) Ward
St., East Berkeley, near college and schools.
MORAN A SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, nicely furnished cot-
tage cf 6 rooms; everything complete, ready
to move In; near Key route and local train;
one block from Shattuck ave.; price $1350.
Address F. A., Berkeley Postofflce.
$1250 — Choice corner lot, east on Grove;
52x137; fine location: two blocks to station.
Address 2530 Grove st.. East Berkeley.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalX
H pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HAYWAEDS ADV'T'SMTS.
EAYWABOS BOOMS.
TO let — A room with board In a country home
Address box 2GS, Haywards. Cai.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KfiTATE.
$5500— LESS than cost; 8-rcom rustic buga-
low; 2 baths; exterior finish, including
porte cochere in natural redwood logs and
clinker brick; large rooms; beam ceiling
in dining-room, all paneled in llnwocd
oak; large corner lot; fine marine view;
convenient to business center, cars, local
trains and schools; terms, only $25O cash
and $50 per month: almost new and thor-
oughly flrst-class in every respect; cannot
do Justice to this property in describing it;
It must be seen to appreciate its low value
and many attractive qualities.
J. S. MYERS. •
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
$2800 — REDUCED from $3500; magnificent 6-
room cottage; all large rooms: basement;
combination gas and electric fixtures;
mantel In dining-room and parlor; large
lot with driveway; first-class neighbor-
hood; only 27 minutes to San Francisco by
Key Route: terms, $200 cash and $35 per
month; to see this place means to buy it.
. as it is a much better place than this ad-
vertisement can describe.
J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
FURNISHED COTTAGE.
Lovely cottage; high basement; sunny; close
in; adults desired.
tyPretty homes sold on rental payments.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB, 314 San Pablo ave.:
! one of the largest offices in the county.
'.'"¦ ¦ mzm
FOR sale — in East Oakland, new 7-room 2-
story house; every modern convenience; well
built and nicely finished; choice lot. 50x125;
near lake and boulevard; one block from new
Key route l!ne; 40 minutes to San FTandsco-
reasonable price and terms. B. H. WELCH
& CO., Fifth ave. and ISth st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN FoiTlMMEDfATECASH.
Two very desirable lots; near Piedmont-ave.
etatlon of Key Route ferry; only "30 minutes
from Ban Francisco. Address Owner, box 1230
Call office. Oakland.
$3150 ONLY for a fine home of 7 rooms, bath.
stable, chicken house, fruit trees, etc. ; lot
75x150; all street work done; location In
East Oakland; half cash, balance on mort-
Rage. P. C. LASSEN. 466 10th St.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent In East Oakland— 2- story 10-room
house in nice order; 1 block from Clinton
station; on electric car line: rent $30 per
month, including water. B, H. WELCH A
CO.. Fifth ave. and Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCTLXITTFRE FO~R~SALE~
TO-MORROW the day for barKalnTTn^furnT'
tute. H.Schellhaae, 11th at.. cor.store, Oakland.-
SEWIXC MACHINES AXP SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is ch«ap«5t; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc efflce. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $3. ?*>: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Markat »t.
STCTTER13J G AXD STAMJ1EB1.NO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Vaa Ness * Market.
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S. ; private; established ¦!
years In S. F. TeL Mint 2620 from 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Albert F. Mauser. 21. 503 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Nellie G. Clarke. 21, 503 Golden
Gate avenue.
Edward Klnr. 34. 2S0 Fourth street, aad
Kate Garde. 34. 223 Francisco street.
Joseph D. Tehan. 21. 2174 Geary street, and
Bess Kora 21. 2174 Geary street.
George C. Killelea, 23. 133 Vlcksburj street,
and Kathryn T. Barry, 23. 4304 Nineteenth.
James D. Lee. 27, 1054 San Jose avenue, and
Olivia A. Zoppt. 21. 105 4 San Jose avenue.
John H. Turtiin, 2t5. Oakland, and Gertrude
Graves. 18. Oakland.
Leon M. Hey. 21. 200 Golden Gat* avenue,
and Emily L. Plumb, 20. 774H Folaom street.
John Glynn. 28. 891 Sutter street, and TIM*
; Koch, 23, S91 Sutter street.
Wlfllam B. Fawke. 22. 900B Folsom street.
and Martha A. Hllken, 24. 631 Utah street.
Charles A. Dtx. 3S. Pasadena, and Florella
H. Hewitt. 32. Los Angeles.
George D. Hlldreth. 40. Vallejo, and Emily
J. Morssv 29, Stockton.
Max S. Bernstein, 21. 1013 Golden Gat»
: avenue, and Grace Wolf, 13, 2412 Fitlmor*
street.
Charles H. Berta. 21. 412 McAllister street,
and Jennie I. Miller, 18. Vallejo.
Robert Lunn. 54, 735 Folsom street, and
Mary B. Kellts. 46. 733 Folsom street.
B*mhardt W. Dassow. 28. 4420 TwenMetS
street, a.i.i Maria F. Quadt. 31, 2S3 Thir-
teenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— BEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handei
in at either of the publication offices and b« -
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tha »ame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence In this columa
free of chance.
BOKN.
MeOOWAN— In thl» city. June 23, ISO*. t« ta«
wife of M. B. McGowan. a son.
PEDROTTA— In this city. June 27. 1904. to
the wife of J. A. IVdr tta. a son.
SCHMIDT— In this city. June. 12. 1904, to th»
wife of Carl Schmidt, a son.
MARRIED.
AARON— MORRIS— In this city. June 29.
1904, by the Rev. M. S.. Levy, Victor Aaron
and Pauline Mcrria.
ALEXANDER— LAPIDAIRE— In this city.
June 26. 1904. by the Rev. M. S. Levy.
Jacob Alexander and Sadie Lanldalre.
HARRIS— EDWARDS— In this city. June 22.
1904. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Benjamin
Mitchell Harris and Florence Louise Ed-
wards.
HIRSCH— SAVANNAH— In this city. Jane 2S.
1904, by th» Rev. M. S. Levy. Louis Hlrsch
and Ttllle Savannah.
KRAKER — NATHAN— In this city, June 2«.
lt>04. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Harrle J.
Kraker and Esther L. Nathan.
PADDOCK — WILSEY — In this city. June 3O.
1004. by th« Rev. H. H. Bell, Fred E.
Paddock of this city and Mary E. Wileey
of Petaluina.
SILVER— FRIEDLANDER— In this city. Juns
2»S. 1904, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Abraham
Stiver and Ceiia Friedlander. *
DIED.
Brilliant. Tobiaa Jenkins, Sarah
Burke. Patrick Jewett David M\
Carroll. George L. Kelly. Gertie
Cole. Thomas Lavln. Celeatlne-V.
Cuneo, Thelma Leheney. John F.
Dake, Edmund C. Lillie. Isabel
Danielscn. Jchn F. Louie. George Tins
Doyle, Ella Lahnnann, Sophie
Dumphy. Samuel Marvin. JoaeDh M.
Ellis. Cfaarle* T. McCarthy. Annie
Bngwsr, Arthur W. McKeen. Carrie 3.
Flaherty, Margaret Moscrop. Jcseoh
Gardner. P.ebecca Navarro, Ramoca
Griffin, Josephine O'Neill. Maria
Hansin, Johannes Rehn, Elvira
Hardee. Margaret F. Reid. Joseph
Herforth, Susanna RIddock. Alexander
Howard. William Ryan Joseph R.
Harden, George D. Smith. James
Hurley. Clementine Stern, Aususta
BRILLIANT— In thla city. July 1. ID04.
Tobias Brllllantt beloved huaband of Sophia
Brilliant, and father of Benjamin T.
Brilliant. Mrs. George Gordon and Mrs. 3.
R. Jacobs, a native of Russia, aged 54 years.
VT Notice of funeral hereafter.
BURKE— In this city. July 1. 1904. Patrick.
v »:-v.;d son of Michael and the late Delia
Burke, and brother of Mrs. 3. O'Connor and
Mary, Luke. Michael and Mazsle Burk*>.
and nephew of Stephen Furke of Oakland,
Cal., and Mrs. Frank McKleman of San,
Jose. Cal., a native cf the parish of Tuam,
County Galway, aged 37 years and 5 months.
<Philade!phla. Pa., please copy.)
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow ¦
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from th* funeral
parlcrs of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, June 30. 1304. Georga
L., dearly beloved husband of Mary 'E. Car-
roll, and son of the late John Carroll, and
brother cf William. James, Margaret. Fran-
cis and the late R. T. Carroll, a native of
San Francisco.
t^Thw funeral «ervlc?s will take plac*
to-morrow (Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 214 Haight street. Interment
private.
COLE — In th!s city, June SO 1004, Thcmas
Cole, husband of Mary Estelle Cote and
father of Mrs. J. J. Searle. Mrs. H. D.
Lombard and Misa A. W. and RjdolDh Y.
Cole, a native of New Bedford, Mass., age<t
7tt years
CT Friend* are Invited to attend the
funeral services Saturday. July 2. at 2
o'clock, at Pioneer Hall. Interment private.
CUNEO— In this city. June 30. l'j«>4. at the
residence of her parents, B15 Bay stre.t.
Thetma. dearly beloved daughter of F. J.
and Row Cuneo, and sister of Jos^on. Irma.
and Roland Cuneo. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years.
CyFunera! private. Saturday. July 2.
DAKE — In this city. July 1. 1004, Edmund
Church, beluved husband of Mrs. Marlon A.
Dak», ar.d father of E.ijjnund Deane and
Leland W. Dake. a native of New York,
aged 70 years. y ,..
CTFuneral at 2 o'clock Sunday. Julv 3.
from the residence, 170O Turk street. Inter-
ment prlvat*. ,» ¦¦
DANIELSON— In this city. July 1, 1904, Jchn
F., beloved husband of Emma Danieison.
and father of Gustaf and Albert Danielscn.
and brother of S. Danielson, Mrs. C. Carlson
and Mrs. C. Johnson, a native of Sweden.
t~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from bis lat« rea-
dence. 1229 Nineteenth street, corner of
Texas. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetry. •
by electric car from Eighteenth and Guer- 1
rero streets.
DOYLE — Entered into irst. In Boston. June SO,
1904. Ella. d»arly beloved wife of Charles l>.
Doyle, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. R.
Klein, and «Uter of A. E. Klein. > Mrs. W.
A. Cross. E. R. Kletn and Mrs. U. V.
Teigeler. a native of Buehlville. Mo., aat-l
31 years. A member of M!.-a:>.-n Lod«e.
O. E. S. . . -
DUMPHY— In this city, July 1. 1004. Samuel.
beloved husband of Hannah Dumahy and
father of James. Samuel, Mollle. Josie and
Francis Dumphy and Mrs. J. P. Burns, a na-
tive of Ireland.
ETNotice of funeral h<apafter. Remains
at tie parlors of J. C. O'Connor A Co. 7ST
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
ELLIS— At Ellis Landing. Richmond. June 30.
10O4, Charles Thomas Ellis brother of
S«lena E. and Georre E. Ellis, a native of
California, aged 25 years 7 months and It
days.
CyFriends- are resnectfully invited to
tend tha funeral services Saturday. July
2. at 11 o'clock, at above residence. Inter-'-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland.
ENGWER— In this city. July I. 19O4. Arthur
Washington Engwer, beloved son of Mathilda
and the late William A. Engw*r, and brother
of William. Bertha. Edward. Charles and
Mathilda Enjwer and Mrs. A. N. RacouUlat.
a native of oan Francisco, aged 23 years 11
months and 'J days.
CT" Funeral services Sunday, July 3. at f>:30>
o'clock, at his late residence, 870 Lombard
street, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for
Interment, via 11 o'clock funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero atreeta. 1
FLAHERTT— In San Jose. June 3O. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Flaherty, mother of James J. and Thomas
F. Flaherty and Mrs. Annie T. Hanley. and
•Ister of Thomas Nolan and Mrs. Ann Con-
nolly of San Jose, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
July 4, 1904, at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. James J. Flaherty, 184 Clara
avenue, near Eighteenth street, thence to
the Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, en
Diamond street, near Eighteenth, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her souL commencing at
Continued on Page Fourteen.
PERSONALS Con tinned.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et.. near PowelL'
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2~5<X
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A' VIP A CO.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut- I
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has bees
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. : -
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
FATESTTS. 1
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Marke't st.
PHYSICIANS AAD Sl'UUEOXS.
DR. C. C. CTDONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu- |
- lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
V DR. BALL, 1073*4 Market st.
REMOVED-DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; tor
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo- 1
cated at tu" Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dls-
. eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON, 319 Powell st.. tea and herb
.'sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY" oF'calIFORNIa'. Berke7e~jC '
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice Is hereby given that sealed
bids are solicited for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials for fire escapes
. for Hearst Hull, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, California,
an<k said bids will be received at the office of
the regents. South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 o'clock p. m. of July 7. 1904.
Plans and specifications of eakl fire escapes
have been adopted and may be examined
daily at the ottice of the resents from 9 a. m.
until 4 p. m. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certilied check or
bond of bidder, in favor ot the Regents of
the University of California, equal to ten
(10) per cent of his bid. with sufficient
sureties, conditioned that If said bid be ac-
teptfd, the bidder will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the
•July and obligations in accordance with said
bid and with the plans and specifications
which are Hereby required to be a part of
such contract. The right to reject any or all
tidj is hereby reserved. By order of the
Regents' Committee on Grounds and Build-
Ings. V. H. HENDERSON, Acting Secretary.
DIVIDEND >"OTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan Association — For the six
months ending June 20. 1004, dividends have
b*en declared on deposits in the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4V4
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20, 1S04. The "Phoe-
nix" has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
a total paid in capital of $1,200,000. Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watkins. presi-
dent: Charles R. Bishop, vice president: S.
Premiss Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
man, director; -Gavin McNab, director;
Charles E. Ladd, director.
CLARENCE GRANGE, Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
Dividend notice — The Giant Powder Co., Con.
A dividend, .No. ti7, of fifty cents l5Oc) per
share on the issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 2u2, 204 and 206 Hay-
ward bldg., San Francisco, on July 11, 1004,
Transfer books close July 5, 1904 at noon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tem.
OFFICE" of The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
ets.. San Francisco. June 27, 1904. — At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held thi 8 day, a dividend ha*
been declared at the rate of three and one-
fourth (3^4) per cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending June 30,
13(>4, free from all taxes, and payable en and
after July 1. 1904.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building. 70S Market
St., opposite Third — For the half year end-
Ing June 30. 1UC4, a dividend has been de-
clared at tfce rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Friday. July 1. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.— For the six months ending
June 30. 1004. dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of thla
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. laO4.
J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, corner of California and Battery streets,
San Francisco, has declared a dividend of
6 per . cent per annum on Class "A" and
"F" stock. 6 per cent on term deposits and
6 per cent on ordinary deposits, for the six
months ending Jur.e 30, 1004.
WASHINGTON DODGE. President.
WILLIAM CORBIN, Sec. A Gen. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice: San Franclico Savings
Union. 632 California et., corner Webb.—
For the half year ending with the 30th of
June. 1904, a dividend has been declared at
the rate per annum of three and one-half
<3%) per cent on term deposits and three (3)
per cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after July 1. 1904.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Market Sweet
Bank, corner Market and Seventh sts. — For
the half year ending June 30, 1004, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-half (3.50) per cent per annum upon
: ordinary deposits (savings department), free
or all taxes, payable on and after July 2,
19»t- W. B. NASH, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California St.— For the half
year ending June 30, 1001. a dividend has
b*>en declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3>i) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Friday. July 1. 1004.
GEORGE TOURNEY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: Mechanics' Savings Bank
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts!
—For the half year ending with June 30
1904. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3V4) per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Friday July 1 1904
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE: Mutual Savings Bank
cf San Francisco, 710 Market st For the
half year ending June 30, 1904. a dividend
has .been declared at the me of three and
one-quarter (3%) p«r cent per annum on all
deposits, free of f axes, payable on and after
Friday, July 1. 1904.
GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: Humboldt Savings Bank
18 deary st.-For the half year ending June
30 a dividend on deposits has been declared
at the rate of 3U per cent per annum, free
of taxes, payable on and after July 1, 1904
- . • W. E. PALMER. Cashier!
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society
101 Montgomery st. corner Sutter, has de-
clared a (dividend for the term ending ."une
¦JO, 1904. at the rate of three and one-quarter
(3V4) per cent per annum on all deposits free
of taxes and payable on and after July L
1904. CYRUS W. CABMA.VT. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICED.
THE following children have been admitted by
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Wllda CuptlU. age 4 V, years.
abandoned; Dorothy Wilburn. age 14 months,
orphan. ¦• . ¦ <
AN except'onally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other' typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
¦ ticuli.rs of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st .. -
2D HAND typewriters . sold, ' rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 608 Market.
VIAYI. -.'...•¦•
MOTHERS' .and daughters' home treatment:
booklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
VI AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
HELPWANTCD — MALE ConUnoe-fl,
JlURRAY & READT.
(-¦¦.-.¦ Clay st
PHONE MAIN 5S48.
Leading Employment ar.d Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
GERMAN. • FRKNCH. ITALIAN.
SCANDINAVIAN. GREEK. SPANISH.
SLAVONIAN. DANISH. Languages.
' 10C3 We Gave 19O4 We Hooe to
w.,000 Men "Work. Increase 00,000.
HE HAS ARRIVED.. NOW AT OUR
OFFICE.
Representative of United States Government
uork being done clcee to WADS WORTH,
IN STATE OF NEVADA.
FREE FARE— TO ONE— TO ALL— TO YOU.
* COST ONLY $1 OFFICE FEE.
- - MUCKERS. $7.'..
TliAMSTF.i(.S $75.
LABORERS. $75.
IiKILLERS. $90.
CONCRETE MIXERS. $75.
CALL EARLY — Pee representative at our
o:lice: fir*t-c;ass food and accommodations;
c '.*&£}- jobs.
CROWDS GOING DAILY— A"RE YOU?
SANTA FE R. R.
If- good to us. We are good to you.
:C5e> Mile*. . FLORENCE. $10 5o.
AIJIZONA.
V:a Prescctt. 8 P. M. DAILY.
. DrtHers. $3 to $3 5a CENTER
T>a.T.sters. $2 to $2 00. OF
Laborers. (2 to $2 50. GREAT MINES.
DON'T be stingy with your distance; get
ciobtr. FAKE by railroad ONLY $4 bO.
OFFICE FEE. H-THATS ALL.
" TO LOS ANGE2.ES.
Tfce land -of suiithine. fruit and flowers,
where nar. can work every day: big wages.
C55 TEAMSTKItS.
¦ $G0 MONTH FOH YOU.
THESE CAME AT MIDNIGHT.
BY • PHONE. TELEGRAPH.
SPECIAL MAIL DELIVERY.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, shop work. :are $1, easy and good,
$35 ar.d found.
¦ Butcher, young man, shep and wagon, fare
7flc. $3t> tr.d found.
Butcher, slaughter work, ranch, fare $1 25,
*5o and. »«md. COOK<!
• Waiter for a mine. S. E.. $25 and found.
Cock. 14 me::, free. fare, cair.r. $30 found.
t*undr>ina^. hotel, plain work. J25 found.
Night cook, camp, 10c. fare, $45 and found.
S cooks, boarding hotels, $40 and $55 found.
Tamale n.aker; country Job. $40 and found.
, Cook's f:*:per for a mine. $3<> and found.
4'5!sh tnd j>ot wathers. $2T> and $30 found.
Saloon porter, city hotel. $25 and found.
. WAITERS.
V-jUter. first els*?, city hotel. J35 found.
Barter.Jrr. a*$i«-. and wait, fare 3Oc, $25 fd.
Waiter.- northern hotel,' boss here, $30 found.
Walter. 0<)c fare. $30 found.
Walter. $.1 75 fare. $S week and found.
* 3 waiters, rity hotels, S. F.. $30 found.
Bedrr.aker. eourtry hotel, $22 50 fcund-
' '5 'PORTERS AND BELLBOTS.
LAUNDRY HELP.
5t»8in ir<~ner. eour.trj-. fare SI 25. $S week.
Body irrrer. country, fare $1 25. flO week.
•Polisher, lrcner, rranrle hand, washer, coun-
to #&*, $10. $12 arri $14 week.
CLERKS. ETC.
' foe cr*am s:da fountain man. $15 week.
/cr second-hand furniture store, $«5O to
51'». -
Driver, city bakery waron. $35 found.
MECHANICAL.
* Painter, carriages and wagons, fare $1 20,
$50 and four.d.
Oarper.ur. city jch, $3 day.
fhingle Jclr.fr. lumber company, Sonoma
Co^ $?0-$25 and fcund.
Plasterer, mix mortar, city. $3 day.
, lrcn moider. fare $1. foundry. $3 !o f."5 50 day.
B:acks:r.!;h, Mer.docino Cour.ty. $3 day.
B:«--k5Tr.lth. Northern California. $3 day.
Blacksmith. Mar-.c County. (45 to $50 found.
2 blackstnltb helpers. $40 found.
Sticker hand, country $4 day.
CARPENTERS.
' 2 carpecttrs. fare $1 50, $3 50 day.
' Carpenter, r'.ain work, city factory, $2 50
day.
¦Wheelwright, carriage w<%rks $3 day.
Carpenter, fart {W"c. S4 d«y.'
LUMBER, ETC.
Planer rr.an and bookkeeper, lumber co.
Garjr edjeermar., lumber company.
Fpoolter.d^r, lumber co., south. $50 found.
32 cwopers. e!ack work, steady, 10c barrel.
.6 rtfh a:/i door har.ds. $3 50 day.
¦fehlr-gle taw f.'.f-r. Sonoma Ccur.ty, $3 day.
2 lumber grader*. lx*s here. $30.
Sticker hand, city Job. $3 f-o to $4 day.
Lumber itrader. boss here. */3 dav.
Tallyman, lumber cori-.pany. tto fcund.
B.:*« woodman, north, bos* here, $90 found.
Oarar edgerman, L. Co., $75.
Encksetter. oosstry Job. $2 50 day.
• .Head dcr.keyrr.an. *60 and found.
Logger who ur.drrstar.ds ripgir.g, $"A found.
Logger, Dolb«er donkey. $75 and fcur-d.
Jk men. make stakes and split staves, red-
• wood, bose here. tZ>0 found: 2 scr*w turners.
Ox tearr.Mer. $50 found: 2 carriage setters;
hock ter.der; 5 shingle packers: sticker hand;
25 •laborers; lumber company, you'll suit.
jCutttf sawyer. $2: rnolder.
¦> . 155 woodcheppers.
155 tie and Ticket makers.
Tor'.t, proTtatooa, all found, smed prices.
MISCELLANEOUS JOB?.
»!tn run separator, 12 cows, boss here. $35
ar.S fourd.
- L&borrr. <!i little butchering, mine. $32 50 fd
FAUVP— DAIRIES— STABLES
12 ir.-::k*rs. $30. $35 found.
12 fvrr.r.ar)ds. $30 found.
!? rhcremen, . bcyg, $30 to $15 found.
11* s-.pbierr.en. «3« found, Jfift. $75.
• LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
and teamsters. 12 and 12 2-"> day.
. *» la borers, factory. S*V>.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer Co., $50 fd.
4 farrr:«rs and wives. *4O. $50, $60 found.
FOR A MINE.
. Cbomnan nr.d wife, G*rrr.an or French, boss
here. $*> fcund.
MURRAY * READY.
° 634-<S6 Clay st.
PLANING and eawmiil. Box factorj'.
*5 boys or young men. $<i0 month.
"~j rr.fr.. no exr*-rience wanted for men or
l"» >.'$''/>: steady jobs: call «-ar!y.
MURRAY & READY. 634-£16 Clay st.
4 CARPENTERS, city. $3 to $4~day! ~~~
Carp^cter. mine, gold quartz, $3 50 day.
LOO1C
Second mr.k. mine, fare ?4. $40 found.
Botcher, southern town, fare $2 60. $40 fd.
UUker. <:n:i:sa Cour.ty. »40 found.
Gang of charccsl burn>r*. 10c to 15c sack.
FOREMAN.
.. .Ftoreman, mine, thaft work. S3 day.
MURRAY 4- READY. 034-<3<>- Clay st.
1IAN wjth Jinn and eervlce* ran get manage-
ner? tus;n.-f« f»vb $80 month. Call 1118
Ma7k«f *r.. rnora I.
B r <T .waded to run errand*. Surret Bazaar,
42 Third Ft,
V. ANTED— A steady young rr.an to learn a
E^-.-'i trade. Inquire at 3li)^ Folsom st.
.BAIGHT Teaches the barber trade fre* at ft47
* Commercial ct.
ALL
Men tc learn tLe BARBER TRADE; cnly
. e.ght weeks re<juirefl; pos'.tlcr.s secured; con-
•tsr.t practice and expert instruction- special
' <r'Cer ar.d catalogue mailed free,
• MCHLER t-YSTKM COLLEGE. C.5 Clay st.
XV a VTEP-JI.r, sr.1 boy. to learn plumbing
¦trade: Coyne Bro*. Co. School of Practical
. P:urr.t4nr; «er<i for catalogue. Address 4973-3
. Eastcn ave.. Et. Louig, Mo.
•EAHBERS of Local 14S take notice— The clec-
• tlc|i cf --• :¦ k :•¦,¦¦ to the ir. 1 em a tic sal tonven-
tJT) txke* place Tuesday e\»r.!ng July 5-
•__g|] rr.Mtt attend. JOP. R. r:LE!LY. Sec. '
BAHBEnS— Good «hop in bert country town In
the f-tete for «a'e: 3 cfca1r« end bathe; rod
.*.G> fcutlness. DECKELMAN BROS.. 103
V . A ' N "."! :R "~ I *" t *' r * r *- JlIS * mrrssr.lcs to know
tr.fct t.i P.clkln. Rcna House proprietor has
i ~~ :<y ' new rooms to the Denver Hou»e
2». Thiri tn. ; 250 room*; 25 to SOe per night!
"WANTED— Your.r man who is an experienced
• JZ£-jJ^n^Bn6¥' P ' y bct ™" " Wl1
STRONG bry for general work abcut small
• V>.T : , *'* fr : ii f15 ' Address bcx 104. Fan
Rafael, Cat.
T 'Ti T »ft Ur f 1 *""" Aon, union made, at $1 and
_ wi -o ra-r; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
exrreea crmail tharges. 11 3d St.. r-™™ bid.
DOT warited to^ washjiri^s. £11 Castro st.
'T.SL 13 .!! 1 V.,!**" ******* ««tecthr«t. Ad-
drees box HI 7. Call cf3c € .
BARfiEKS — 8-chair~Th7p~ for sale: 5 years'
_ lease; fce« locatirn in c:ty. Apply 60J Jessie.
A Erirvr^Hn^T^ !n A«*H«t- Write
ECLKMENS HORST CO.. 122Battery st..8.F.
L-ABOR debts collected; roitsT attachmenu.
Law asd Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 415.
TO V^ G , m *^ to i"™ b * r »er trade; wages
while learning 741A Howard «t.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLEERT. 517 Jackson s*
,6AILORS aad ordinary ceamen for all parts cf
_the world *t HERMAN'S. 27 SteuartrtT
PENSION AAty..E. A. Bullis, r.40. Phelan bids;
Part Com. Geo._tL_Thomas Post. gTa.iL
W J VCI i5? T^ R Ucte! - ** Tn«rd st.. n^ar Mar^
k#l-.W room*; 21; night; readiBg-rooms;
tree bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL g^xes tnen'.* shoes, (lightly £amagwT~haU
price. SC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET yoor «hoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to 60c 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st aad 2d sta!
HE3LP WAirrEP — SAXESMEIT.
SALESMEN wanted — Agents. dealers and
storekeepers, etart in business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready .
made goods; you can control entire local
trade with our line: fall line 350 up-to-date •
styles of woolens, fashion displays, etc., now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory; experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
A, Washington boul\-d. and Union, Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to take good
s-?llirg article as side line; good commission.
414 Post St.. upstairs. .
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
FOR sale, cheap— 6-year-old bay mare; sound,
pentle; works single or double; weight about
1500 pounds; price $S0. Lurline Stables, 1359
Bush st.
2-STORY camping wagon; thoroughly adapted
to the purpose; attached side tent; sleeping
apartment upstairs: complete In detail. J.
P. SMITH. 25 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Buggy horse; very stylish: fast;
large; 6 years old. 1324 University ave. P.
O. box 303. Berkeley.
FOR sale — Chestnut gelding. 5 yrs. old., size 16
hds.; perfect horse in all harness; warranted
sour.J. Address Harry P. Moore. Menlo Park.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wag-
ons, surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at
1140 Folsoni st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Cost*
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Msxket et.. cpp. Franklin.
TWO hacks and 1 3-ton wagon in flrst-class
order. Maud S Stables. Eddy and Pierce sts.
¦WANTED — To buy a light driving buggy;
state price. Box S53, Call office.
WANTED— A Etyllsh saddle torse. Box 1037.
Call office.
NEARLY new low-t>et wagon; capacity 900
pounds. 843 Howard st.
WAGCNETTEP. surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
n«=», work and driving hcr»e«. 15th-Valencla.
a HORSES WASTED.
WANTED— A good horse to weigh about 1500
lbs.: state age and price. Address 1521 Rail-
road ave.. Alameda. ¦--¦¦; <*¦
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A Co.. 20 Montgomery.
STYLISH «unr.y residence. 9 rooms; servants'
room In basement. 202S Bush, nr. Webster.
HOISES TO LET— FIR.MSHED.
TO let— A comfortable furnished house of 7
rooms and bath: fine view of bay. 1416
Taylcr st., near Jackson; house open for
inspection from 1 to 4 p. m.
HOISES WANTED FURNISHED.
WANTED— A completely furnished house or
Sat of 6 rooms. Address with price, etc.. box
K«7. Call office.
INVESTMENTS.'
A— 6 PEP. CENT GUARANTEED
Or 5 i*r cent and Participation In Profits.
• Invested Only in first mortgages.
EAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN-
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY,
708 Market st.. S. F., Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Maguire. ex-U.S. Congressman
Hon. EOw. K. Taylor. ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co.
Allen M. Clay, Sec'y Bank of California.
Jos^rh A. Leonard. General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary ani Cashier.
See dividend notice in this issue.
IKVAI.n> CTXAIB3.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel. Park 775.
LOST AND FOUND. "
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
ar.d must sell; 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of Mary Casey, No. 16-375. The finder
wf.I please return to bank.
SMALL purse at Oakland mole on June 2S.
Liberal reward if returned to 130SA Leavcn-
wcrth st.
LOST — On Kearny St., near Post, brown fox
boa. Return to 2111 Pine St.; re w ir d .
LOST — Collie dog; brown body, white face, feet
and breast. £>01 Larkin st. ; reward.
BUNCH keys, with one flat brass blank; re-
waru. Box 2644. Call.
LOST— Pur?e. $10 gold, gold locket, chain; ini-
tials E. C. T. 249 5th St. and receive reward.
I.APITCHES POB gTBE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
et.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Michaelis Launch Co..Union-st. Wharf; boat-
ir.g & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2686.
MACHINERY Bought. Sold and Ex.
FOR sale — 1 cut-off saw. 1 scroll saw, 5- Inch
•¦ticker. 5O-H. P. enelne. 30-H. P. boiler.
F. A. GEIER. 2005 Market St.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO crder; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); exc-Uent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 14.J2-34 Howard St.; 'phone South 210.
31 EPICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable- no failures- no ex-
orbitant feet. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 j'ears' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call cr write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8. 1
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. SCO Pest st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. lOOSVi Market et., orp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O^DONNELL— AlfwhcT are sIclTor
In troubJe consult this sp»p:alist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
. nate helped; th» most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, above Van Ness— Ex-
perts in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst.
relief; treatment $10; hours 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex.
MRS. DR. GWTER. having secured learn of
premises. Is permanently located at 611A
l>aver:worth it., bet. Geary and O'FarreiL
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex :
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.'
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never falls;
$2. Glfason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay!
DR. and MRS. DAVTEsTand HINDOO HERB3;
original method cf treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. P.OSEN resides 2985 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLAN EOUS--FOR SALE.
BOILERS, »r.glnee. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH A WOLPMAX. 185-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
lrcn. tin cr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulieye. ehalting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale et.
A— FL\E #ults, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny St..
Bear Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en- |
gir.ei!, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
<=tc. WHITELAW, 253-253 Spear st.
GENTS' full dre«s. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Eest $2 60 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
FIREWOOD cut to length: large load $2, de-
livered. E. C. PITCHER A CO.. Sixth and
Hooper sts. ; tel. S 375.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spaniel
pups; 7 weeks old; $5 and $7 50. 1318 Folsom.
COLUMNS WILL BRING MANGOLD RETURNS. TRY ITThose who amuse us are apt to
counterbalance It with too much of a
good thing. /
Denies Story of Attempted Suicide.
PARIS, July 2.— A statement that
former Premier Waldeck-Rousseau had
attempted to -commit suicide was de
nied by friends of the statesman/ La
Presse, which prints the rumor, fol
lows the item with the statement that
Gaston Calmette, editor of' Figaro,
who spent yesterday afternoon with M.
Waldeck-Bousseau, found him in the
best of health and spirits and that he
was in his garden smoking.
By the death of Edmund C. Dake
the business section of this, city loses
an early pioneer and familiar figure.
Mr. Dake conducted one of the oldest
advertising agencies on the coast Mr.
Dake was well known to editors and
advertisers throughout the United
States. For many years he occupied
offices in the Merchants' Exchange
building.
Death of Edmund C. Drake.
Lester Moore, a 10-year-old boy, re
siding at 746 Sanchez street, was run
over and killed last night by a Valen
cia street car. The accident occurred
at 9 o'clock. Little Moore was crossing
the street to catch a wagon and did
not see the approaching car. He was
struck and horribly mutilated.' The un
fortunate lad was removed to ' the
Southern Pacific Hospital, where he
died. Gripman J. H. Hesse was ar
rested and charged with manslaughter.
He was released on ball.
Small Boy Killed by Car.
ARRIVBD.
, Friday. July 1.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 66 hours from Coos
Bay.
BAILED. *
• Friday, July 1.
Stmr Cella, Norber*. Albion.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 1— Schr
Jennie Wand, hence July 15; schr Comet, from
Santa Barbara... -
TATOOSH— Passed in July 1— 8tmr Roa
noke, from St Michael, for Seattle, stmr Ga
ronne, from Nome, for Seattle.
TORT BLAKELEY- Sailed July 1— Br bark
Ventura for Melbourne. •
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 1— Schr Rosamond.
for San Francisco: stmr Manuka, for Sydney.
Arrived July 1 — Stmr j Alameda, hence June
25; Br stmr St Hubert, from New York and
Baltimore. »
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Passed in July * 1— Stmr Ga
ronne, for Seattle; ntmr Roanoke, for Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 1— Stmr La Lor
raine, from Havre.
MOVILLE— Sailed July 1— Stmr. Astoria,
from Glasgow, for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived July 1— Stmr
Island, from New York, via Chrlstlansand:
¦ Sailed June 29 — Stmr Oscar II, for New
York.
HAMBURG — Arrived July . 1— Stmr Phoeni
cia, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg. .
BOULOGNE— Arrived July 1— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, : for ; Rotterdam, and
proceeded. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 1— Stmr Blucher
from New York, for Cherbourg, and proceeded.'
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 1— Stmr Arme
nian, for New York.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., July 1.—
Willie Anderson, the golf expert of
Apawamls, New York, holds both the
national and the Western ope^n cham
pionship titles because In an exciting
finish of the Western event at the Kent
County Club's links this afternoon An
derson gained the Western title from
the holder, Alexander Smith of Nas
sau, totaling 304 for the 72-hole com
petition and reduced the course, record
to 72. Smith had to be satisfied with
308 and runner-up honors.
Twenty-eight professionals and four
amateurs began the tournament and
twenty remained to finish the two
days' journey. The amateurs remain
ed to the end in the contest for the
gold and silver medals. B. P. McKin
nie of St. Louis carried off the former
with a total of 346, while George ; F.
Clingman Jr. of Homewood won the
other silver medal with a score of 370.
Anderson Is Golf Champion.
The Board of yesterday or
dered work to be stopped on the Lee
building on Sutter street, between
Jones and Leavenworth. Action was
taken on a report recently filed by City
Architect Shea that the structure pro
jected ten Inches on the sidewalk line.
There is some dispute as to the proper
survey and the board has ordered an
investigation. It was found that some
other buildings on the block projected
as much as the Lee building and the
sidewalk alignment will have to be
settled before final action Is taken.
Stops Work on Building.
PARIS, July 1.— The Budget Commit
tee of the Chamber of Deputies to-day
voted for the suppression of the ap
propriation for the French embassy at
the Vatican . and passed a resolution
which will be Incorporated in the com
mittee's report to the Chamber, cen
suring Premier Combes for his refusal
to express the views of the Govern
ment on the subject.
VOTES FOR SUPPRESSION
OF THE APPROPRIATION
The Ping Suey left Vancouver March
14 and Tacoma March 24, touched at
Japanese, Chinese and other ports and
sailed for Liverpool from Rangoon
May 26.
Paul Vernier, the new vicar mis
sionary to the Society Islands, and his
wife and son arrived from Paris yes
terday and are registered at the Oc
cidental. He is the first vicar mis
sionary to be sent to Tahiti by the
Calvinist Presbyterian church of
France and will depart to-day for the
South Seas on the steamship Mari
posa. .In his official capacity Vernier
will have Jurisdiction over 126 isl
ands. He served as an ordinary mis
sionary in the French possessions for
many years and returned about a year
ago to France.
Misisonary Goes to Tahiti.
Part of the Crew of the Vessel Reach
Land in Small Boat and Re
port Disaster.
ST. AGNES, ScIIly Islands, July 1.—
A boat belonging to the British steam
er Ping Suey and having on board her
second officer and four of the crew ar
rived here to-day and reported that the
Ping Suey broke her shaft in the stern
tube in latitude 49 north and longitude
1.7 west. The .vessel is in no danger.
SHAFT OF BRITISH SHIP
BREAKS IN MIDOCJEAN
Confesses and Saves Innocent Man.
HAVANA, July 1. — A Cuban negro
has confessed that he was the perpe
trator of the bomb explosions recently
on the Cuba Eastern Railroad at Guan
tanamo, and James Stuart, a Jamai
can, who had been arrested on suspi
cion of having caused the explosion,
has been released.
Despondency occasioned by Illness
caused Mrs. Alice Mugford of 49 Whit
ney avenue to end her life last night by
swallowing a quantity of carbolic acid.
Sh? was found in an unconscious con
dition by her sister-in-law, Mrs. Hens
lee, who called at the house about 7
o'clock. The police were notified and
the woman was removed to St. Luke's
Hospital, where she died shortly after
ward.
In a note written to her husband,
William Mugford, she expressed a de-
Eire to free him from a burden and de
clared that her mind wsts weakening.
Deceased was 29 years of age and the
mother of three boys. Mugford is em
ployed by the United Railroads as a
varnisher. The body was not removed
to the Morgue.
End Life With Add.
Ex-coupon yesterday: United States Gov
ernment 4s. 1007. regular quarterly, amount
ing to $1,508,015; Alameda Artesian Water
Company 5s, 1915. eemi-annual, amounting to
$15,000; California-street Cable Company f>s
flO15). regular semi-annual, amounting to
$22,500; Contra Costa Water Company 5s. 191.1.
regular semi-annual, amounting to ?50,CO<>;
Los Angeles Electric Company 5s (1U28). regu
lar semi-annual, amounting- to $12,500;
Los Angeles Lighting Company guaranteed Cs,
1005, regular semi-annual amounting to $-'50.
000; Market- street Cable" Company 6s. 191JJ,
regular semi-annual, amounting to $90,000;
Northrrn Railway Company of California Us,
1907 regular semi-annual, amounting to $154,-
CSO; North Pacific Coast Railroad 5s, 1912, reg
ular semi-annual, amounting to $37,450; Oak
land Transit 5s. 1931, regular semi-annual,
; amounting to $10,000; Oakland Transit Consol
idated 5s. 1932, regular semi-annual, "amount
ing to $32,250: Oakland Water Company guar
anteed 5a, 1915. regular semi-annual, amount
'ing to $37,500; Oceanic Steamship Company 5s,
1924, regular semi-annual, amounting to $(j0, -
125; Pacific Electric Railway Company 5s.
1942 regular semi-annual, amounting to $2C9,.
600;' Park and Cliff Hou?e Railway 6s. l!»n.
regular semi-annual, amounting to $10,500;
Park and Ocean Railroad »Js, 1914, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $7500; Southern Pa-
CiflQ Railroad of Arizona Cs. 1909, regular semi
annual, amounting to $1SO,000; Southern Pa
cific Railroad of Arizona 6s. 1910. regular semi
annual, amounting to $120,000; United Gas and
Electric Company 5s, 1032, regular semi-an
nual, amounting to $22,500; Marln County 5s.
regular quarterly, amounting to $2000; Risdon
Iron Works 5s, semi-annual, amounting to $16. -
000; San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
6s, regular semi-annual, amounting to $100,
000; South Pacific Coast Railway 4s. regular
semi-annual, amounting to $110,000; Sunset
Telegraph and Telephone Company 6s, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $22,500.
Ex-divldend yesterday: American National
Bank, regular semi-annual, at the rate of 5 per
cent per annum, amounting to $25,000; San
Francisco National Bank, regular semi-annual
at the rate of C per cent per annum, amount
ing to $15,000; Western National Bank, regu
lar scml-annuqj^at the rat* of 5 per cent per
annum, amounting to $12,500; German Savinga
and Loan Society. regular semi-annual,
amounting to $66,000; Humboldt Savings and
Loan Society, regular semi-annual, amounting
to $9000; Mutual Savings Bank, regular semi
annual, amounting to $9000; San Francisco
Savings Union, regular semi-annual, amount-
Ing to $60,000; Savings and Loan Society, reg
ular semi-annual, amounting to $20,000; Se
curity Savings Bank, regular semi-annual,
amounting to $9000; Union Trust Company,
regular semi-annual, amounting to $•>'.•, 900;
California Title Insurance and Trust Company,
regular quarterly, at the rate of 6 per cent
per annum; Claremont Oil Company, regular
monthly, lc per share, amounting to $5000;
Oil City Petroleum, regular monthly, %c per
ehare, amounting to $2500; Twenty-eight OH
Company, regular monthly, 15c per ehare.
amounting to $9000: Peerless Oil, 14c or $14,
000; West Shore. 5c or $5000; the French-
American Bank, a regular semi-annual divi
dend at the rate of 5 per cent per annum; the
United Railways Investment Company of San
Francisco, a semi-annual dividend of l^o per
cent on the preferred stock ; ¦ the San Francisco
and Suburban Home Building Society, a semi
annual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per
annum on' the capital stock and participating
certificates; the Phoenix Savings, Building and
Loan Association, a semi-annual dividend at
tho rate of 5 per cent per annum on term cer
tificates and 4% per cent on ordinary savings
deposits; the New Idria Quicksilver Mining
Company, a regular dividend of 10 cents per
share and an extra : dividend of 20 cents per
shar*: the Continental Building and Loan As
sociation; dividends at the rate of S per cent
p»r annum on class "A" and "F" stock, 0
per cent on term, and 5 per cent on ordinary
deposits.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT, July 1—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.l r: .;" —v Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 106 IS 106'; 1 4s. qr cp new.l^Kl'R'i
4a ar rec. ..100UloU=il Js qr coup. ..100 lOUlii
Of the 800 shares of new stock offered pro
rata to the shareholders of the Security Sav
ings Bank at $325 per share, all but t3 shares
were subscribed for and a portion of the
63 shares has since been sold at $4C0 per share,
subject to confirmation at the next meeting
of the directors
The California Wine Association has declared
a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents per
share, payable July 11.
The Ophlr dividend of 25 cents per share
will be paid on July 8, and will make $2 per
share paid to stockholders from the new ore
body In the mine.
The only local exchange In session yesterday
was tho Stock and Bond Exchange, and that
did little business. It adjourned to Tuesday,
but tne mining exchanges will not resume busi
ness again until Wednesday.
Long List of Dividend and Inter
est Payments.
STOCK MAKKET.
SAN JOSE, July 1. — George W.
Collins, a traveling agent of the Gold
Bond Mercantile Company, who€e of
fices are In the Crossley building, San
Francisco, died here suddenly this
morning from valvular disease of the
heart. He was a Civil "War veteran
and has a brother residing at Cleve
land, Ohio.
Traveling Agent Dies Suddenly.
NEW YORK, July 2. — Discussion at
Sheepshead yesterday led to a propo
sition for a special race between Pretty
Polly, the best English three-year-old
filly, and Beldame, the best American
three-year-old filly.
The sportsmen suggesting It are not
in a position to say more than this:
"That the proposition, so far as it has
advanced, is that a special race be ar
ranged at any distance to be agreed
upon, not less than one mile nor more
than a mile and a half. Beldame and
Pretty Polly to go. $2500 or $5000 sub
scription, $1000 forfeit, the race to be
run either in England or in America,
and that the country be decided by a
toss of a coin in London between au
thorized agents of subscribers. The ex
penses of horse or horses losing, not to
exceed $2500, to be borne, by those or
one representing the country In which
the race will be run."
Are Endeavoring to Bring Together
Pretty Polly of England and
Beldame of America.
RACING MEN PROPOSE
AN INTERNATIONAL MATCH
Flour, qr Bks... 4,2471 Wine, gals 32,450
Wheat ctls 990; Broom Corn. bis. t
Uarley. ctls 7,7031 Quicksilver, flsks. 125
Corn, ctls 3397 Wool, bales 77
Tallow, ctls ... 41 Hay tons Bid
Hides, No G70I Middlings, sks... 700
Pelts, bdls 7081 Bran, sks 200
Leather, rolls ... 3S Onion?, sks 367
Powder, car ... 1 Potatoes, oks ... 4,«:22
Lime, bbls 276 Beans, eks 1 271
Paper, rolla .... C35
FOR FRIDAT. JULY 1.
Receipts of Produce.
MISCELLANEOUS EOXDS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6«. — i»9 |SF & NT 5s. — ICO'i
B L. Wat 6s. — 117 |S P C R 4s. — 100
Cat NW 5s.. — m%|S P Co 4»i3.1C0 —
M C Wat 5s. 100 — Sun Tel 5s.. — 104
Ris I Wksfta. — 105 (Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113%iUR of SF 4s. S0% 80?,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — :«> | Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer BU Co — 00 jNev Nat Bk.180 —
Cal Cot Mils — 8S iNSRRCa 9ii r
Cal G&ECor. 47% — N Cal P Co. — 1014
Cal Powder.. 125 145 |Oak Rk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. 21 27 I Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — I IOOF Hall A 6 —
Ccn Bk. Oak — €5 lOrpheum Co. — 16
Chutes Co .. — 7 U'acC Ca» Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel.. 100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7 Pac Sur Co.105 —
East Dynm.. — 2."0 Paraf Paint., as —
DpntPwd pfd — 00 S F Dryrlock. 60 —
Do com .. — 60 SF&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. — 10«
Fischer Thtr 15c 50c SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Pwlss-A Bk.113 —
Oas Con A.. — 22 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co.. — 13% UR inC pfd. 47 —
Lon<£ SF Bk — CO | Do com ... 0^4 —
Afternoon Session.
Street—
J3.000 United R R of S F 4s, cash SO 2S
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per c-nt.. 80 25
Unlisted Securities.
The trouble grows out of the Mary
Duran case, which was to be tried on
July 6 by Judge Cook. When Attor
neys Riordan and McXab had the case
transferred to Judge Troutt's depart
ment on Thursday Collins protested
that the transfer was "irregular." He
remonstrated orally, then filed a dis
missal, in which he spoke of "condi
tions that operate to prevent an order
ly administration of the law."
Hutton charges that Collins has been
guilty of grave offense in these words,
and of contempt shown the superior
courts of this city.
Collins threatens In turn to make
charges against the Police Commis
eioners that will make the Mayor
"take notice." He will try to have the
official declared unfit for his position.
He also denies that he reflected on
the court, saying he merely exposed
methods of Hutton's which, he says,
were irregular. Collins says he hopes
proceedings against him will be pushed
without delay, that he may vindicate
himself and expose his enemies in liti
gation.
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton
has asked that Attorney George D.
Collins be disbarred for filing in Judge
Graham's court a dismissal that re
flects, according to Hutton, on the
court.
II. \V. Ilutton Charges George D. Col
lins Before the Bar Association
With Unlawyer-LJke Conduct.
ATTORXEY AND POLICE
COMMISSIONER AT WAR
SAN JOSE, July 1. — A man giving
the name of John Murray is wanted by
the police for victimizing: F. H. Sprung,
a blacksmith on Market street, out of
$32 50. The fellow had called at the
shop of Sprung & Schmltt and asked
for work and he was engaged for the
afternoon. About quitting time he
asked to be excused for a few minutes
as he was to meet John Combs, a
rancher living near Cupertino, and
secure a month's wages that was com
ing to him.
Murray returned In a few minutes
with a check on the First National
Bank, bearing what was purported to
be Combs' signature, for $32 50. When
Sprung paid the man for his after
noon's work he asked Sprung to cash
the check, as he was going away.
Sprung did not have the money handy
and he took the man to the Eagle
Brewery, where the check was cashed,
Sprung guaranteeing it. Yesterday
the check was returned from the bank,
where it had been pronounced a for
gery. Sprung knew Combs and be
lieved the check was good. Murray is
a young man about 32. years of age
and police are now trying to locate
him.
Young: Man Forges a Chock and
Now the Police Are Looking
for Him.
BDACKSMITH DEFRAUDS
EMPLOYER AND SKIPS
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7*4®
7?ic per lh; White Lead, 7'i@"%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
Dany quotes as follows per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.95c;
Powdered, 5.80c; Candy Granulated, 5.S0c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.70c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.70c; Fruit Granulated, 5.70c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only) 5.t>0c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c: Extra C. 5.20c;
Gold-Jn C, 5.10c; "D." 5c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxep, 50c more; 50- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 6.20c; boxes. 6.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13*$c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astra!. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star 24c; Elaine, 26c; Eocene.
23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine in.bulk, 13c; in cases,
19*4c; 86-degree Gasoline,' in bulk, 25c; In
cases, 31c
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon in case* and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6*£c; San Quentln.
$5 40; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine,
7@8c
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Seattle $6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Beaver
Hill $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Ccos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Richmond,
$7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
"Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 60@13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations arc for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases, No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 45c
for boiled and 43c for raw; China Nut, cases,
62*4@8Oc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels,
68c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, CSc; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 66c;
pure.Neatsfoot OH. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c: liKht Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
OH. 31c.
General Merchandise.
FRIDAY. JULY 1.
rl, «r,3 "? d , JennJ « Friedlander to M. H. Mor
stre^ si £. C ; anU > lot on N line of Post
street o5 E of Webster. E 27:6 by N 87:6; $10.
Ooun^- *. a c d Helen S ' Goodall to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on S line of Wal
s ?}-*&/ 210:6 w of Devlsadero, W 62:»}i.
street); *'l" B 63:1 * 4 ' N 153:2 % (Alpine
William Sharp ,t 0 James G. Sharp, lot on
r mT'u of Wa *nington and Baker streets.
S 50:4*4 by E3 108:3; $10.
Anna M. M. WIesenhaven to Bridget Don
*)*?' J ot ° n s »ne of Grove street. 160 E
of Lott. E 26 by 8 137:6; $10.
IxmU and Clara Schranz to Lawrence and
i^% C £ roI . an - lot on 8 llne of Oak street,
3 i *TT Ot Dayton. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
¦I » L J owne > r to Ethel O. Farley, lot on W
by V 100- $*0 d 8treet * 10 ° S ° f TUrk# S 25
Margaretta J. Wigg to Mary E. Ragaa (wife
of Dennis F.), lot on E line of Central avenue,
? iL°. f Hal 8 h t street. S 60. B 39, N 60. W
to beginning; $10.
„£•. **. and Elizabeth Gottschalk to Emma
K.dd. lot on E line of Albion avenue, 188 N
or Seventeenth street, N 36 by E 120; $10.
Paolo and Rosa Arata to John A. Devany,
lot on E line of Hardy etreet, 291 N of Seven
teenth. N 25 by B 75; $10.
Frederick' Madge to Walerya Gruszczynskl,
jot on W line of Sanchez street. 114 S of
Twenty-first, S 67 by W 105; $10.
I. C. Scharf to Mary L. Mills, lot on N
J»? e^ Of Beaver B *reet, 69:11*; W of No». W
26 by N 60; $10.
Edwin Mills to same (wife), same; gift.
„ Charles W. and Jane E. Glasson to Nellie
oJv 101 on w » n e <> f Florida street.
235 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Estate of Jose Guardlola (by Slgmund
Greenebaum. administrator) to' A. J. Rich, lot
oj 1 S line of Pine street, 87:6 B of Battery-,
E 50 by S 91:8; $57,000.
A. J. Rich to Jacob. Sigmund. Louis and
Abraham Stern, same: $10
Mary Gosland to Richard Costello, lot on
w line of Prescott court, 57:6 S of Vallejo
street, S 20 by W 57:6- $10.
E A. Davis to Mary fe. Callahan and Percy
L.. Pettigrew, lot on NE corner of Bush and
Stockton streets, E 88:10 N 7S, W 48:8, S 62.
W 40:2. S 26. quitclaim deed; $10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to same, same; $10.
A. Aronson, Louis Metzger and Louis and
Pauline Schoenberg to George W. Scott and
W. W. Van Arsdale, lot on NW corner of
Sutter and Stockton streets N 137:0 by W
137:0; $10.
Anthony L. Auradou to Charles A. Dumont.
undivided % of lot on W line of Powell street,
62 N of Pacific, N 30 by W 45:10; $1350.
Georpe F. and Lillian A. Blankenshlp to La
Mont W. Estes, lot on E line of Leavenworth
street. 115 N of Jackson, E 115 by S 22:0; $10.
Sallie E. Lucas (formerly Miner, formerly
Morrison) to Mary J. Morrison lot on SE
line of Harrison street, 77:6 NE of Third,
NE 25 by SB 80; gift.
Mary J. Morrison to Eliza Cooper (wife of
William), lot on SE line of Harrison street,
77:0 NE of Third, NE 25 by SE 60; $10.
¦William Cooper to same, same: gift.
Bridget Boylan (wife) to Hugh Boylan. lot
on SW line of Harriet street, 150 SB of How
ard. SB 25 by SW 75; gift.
Gideon M. Freeman to Addle V. Freeman,
lot on SE line of Shipley street. 362:6 NE of
Fourth. NE 41:2 by SE CO; gift.
Hugh Boylan to Bridget Boylan, lot on SW
line of Langton street, 125 SE of Folsom SE
25 by SW 80; gift.
Sanford O. and Arrella E. Springer to Wil
liam W. Rednall. lot on W line of Utah street,
150 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Fred Hoist,
lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue, 70 E of
Twenty-second avenue, E 50 by N 100; $10.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Albert
Jablonski. lot on E lino of Twenty- fifth ave
nue. 225 S of Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by
E 120; $10. -;
Louis G. and Mary J.-«. Bergren to David
Ravnlsky, lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 72
N of C Btrect, N 28 by E 106:6; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Georgia A.
Caples (wife of John W.), lot on NW corner
of Sixth avenue and I street. N 35 by W
85: $10.
A. J Relnhardt to Fred C. Hyde.' lot on W
line of Thirty-second avenue, 225 S of I street,
S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alice Klein to Oscar Heyman, lot on W line
of Forty-third avenue, 300 N of M street, N
60 by W 120; $10.
Pacific Loan Association to Robert and
Marlon McKeever. lot on E line of California
avenue, 250 N of Virginia avenue, N 25 by
E 70. lot 174 of Gift Map 3; $10.
Julius C. Rels to John Brazzale, lot 17, block
32, Rels Tract; grant.
Benjamin and Sarah D. Barbash to Joseph
E. and Wllhclmlna Planondon, lot on SE line
of Mission street, 150 SW of Russia avenue,
SW 25 by SE 83:6, block 6, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
' Same to Carl N. P. and Ella Ahlgren, lot on
SE line of Mission street, 250 SW of Russia
avenue, SW 60 by SE 83:6, block 5, same: $10.
Anna D. Joost to John Tuoto, lot on SE cor
ner of Old Hickory and Sullivan streets, E 70
by S 125. lots 640, 642, 644, 646 and 648, Gift
Map 2; $200.
Same to Rosarlo Dellllo, lot on SW corner
of Old Hickory avenue and Ward street. S
125 by W 70 lots 641, 643, 646, 047 and 049,
Gift Map 2; $250.
G. L. and Katie L. Fltz to H. Cronln. lots
4 and 6, block 2, Garden Tract Homestead As
sociation: $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Ernest M. and Laura O. James, lot 31, block
25. Lakevlew; $10.
Katherlne A. Dowllng to H. J. Ohlsen, lots
56 and 67, block 7, Holly Park; $10.
Margaret W. Bowne to Hattie P. Merrell, lot
on W. line of Victoria street, 100 N of Stan- i
ley, N 60 by W 100, lots 47 and 48. block 38,
City Land Association; $10.
Michael and Mary Kiley to Louis Klein, lot 8,
block D, Spreckels subdivision of blocks A,
B and D. Park Hill Homestead Association
No. 2; $10,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to H.
Knust. lot In cemetery; $40.
Anthony L. Auradou to Marie Dumont, lot In
Odd Fellowe' Cemetery; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
8haron Estate Company (owners) with
Charles Stockholm (contractor), architects Reid
Bros. — Carpenter work for a five-story and
basement brick warehouse on lot on NW cor
ner of Jessie and Annie streets, W 82:6 by N
78; $10,535.
Same owners with Minneapolis Steel and
Machinery Company (contractors), architects
same — Cast Iron and steel work for same on
NW corner of Jessie and Annie streets, W 33
by N 78; $ .
Harry S. Allen (owner) with Charles M. De
pew (contractor), architect Albert Farr— All
work for a two-story and basement frame
building (flats) on lots 85, 86, 37, 38 and 39,
block I, Park Lane Tract; $12,600.
J..T. Edner (owner) with M. T. Clark (con
tractor), , architect — All work for a
one-story frame cottage on lot on E line of
Nineteenth avenue, 100 S of California street,
5 37:6 by E 120; $1540.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
For the time being the demand and supply
are about equal and all descriptions remain as
before quoted.
DRESSED MEAT.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6*£@7c for Steers and B36o per lb
for Cows. • .
VEAL — Large, 7®8c; small. S®9*5c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@S*&c; Ewes, 7@7*So
LAMB — 9®10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 6*5@8*4e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less &0
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7*4©7*4c; Cows and Heif
ers, 6*£@7c; thin Cows, 4@!>c per lb.
CALVES— 4@4*Jo per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3*J@3?ic; Ewes, 303*io
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50<g2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4*4c; 130 lbs and under. 4*4c:
over S50 lbs, 4 Vic: soft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, # -4*4©4*4c per lb;
No. 2. 3*4«S4c; grease, 2*4 ®3c.
WOOL. — Spring CHp— Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 17@19c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months', 10® 12c; do 7 months' 8® lie per lb:
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12® 15c
for defective; Northern. 1G@1Sc for free and
14@16c for defective; Nevada, 13©16c, accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25®27*4c per lb for Call
fornla. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 17*4®20c.
Ying's remains will be burled to-day
with all the honors due to a Chinese
funeral. The steamship company will
send a handsome floral piece as a
memento of their regard for a faithful
servant.
On the top floor of a building at
71S Commercial street last night lay
the dead body of George Louey Ying,
who for sixteen years held the position
of Chinese agent for the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company.
Dressed in a beautiful suit the corpse
reposed on a rude Chinese bed, around
which burned candles and nut oil
lamps. Kneeling in anguish over the
loss of a dear father and husband
were five little Celestials and the sor
rowing wife.
Ying died yesterday after a pro
longed illness. When taken sick a
month ago he was removed to the
Southern Pacific Hospital by the offi
cials of the Occidental and Oriental
Company, who held him in great re
gard. For a month Ying sank. Yes
terday he knew his end was near, and
fearing to die in the great hospital
away from his wife and children, he
arose, weak as he was, and went home,
much against the protests of the hos
pital people. •
Slowly he climbed the long stairs
that led to the abode where he had
lived for seventeen years. He reached
the apartments of his family, kissed
his wife and fondly clasped the little
almond-eyed darlings in his arms and
then sank into the death sleep.
All last night his remains were
carefully guarded, and Oriental viands
were placed before his bier. The
scene was pathetic. The Chinese,
ordinarily so devoid of feeling:, came
in, looked sorrowfully at the parted
friend, and left their offerings before
the coffin. Ying had many friends
and was respected by all.
Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company, Dies.
George Loucy Ying, Long Agent for
NEW YORK, July 1. — Efforts are
being made by the Seawanhaka Yacht
Club to arrange a race between steam
yachts famous for their speed qualities.
The club has invited W. K. Vander
bilt Jr., owner of the turbine yacht
Tarantula, and Charles R. Flint, owner
of the Arrow, to face their vessels for
a prize over a course or 100 miles on
th« 8th lnst
Mr. Vanderbilt has accepted the invi
tation and the club is awaiting Mr.
Flint'o reply. It is believed it* will be
favorable. The meeting of these ves
sels in a BDeed encounter will be most
interesting and possibly instructive.
With Mr. Flint's acceptance the Sea
wanhaka committee will arrange the
details of the race.
Mntch Is Beinar Arranged Between AV.
K. Vnnderbilt Jr.'s Tarantula and
Charles R. Flint's Arrow.
FAST YACHTS' MAY RACE
EASTERN WATERS
PITIFUJi SCENE AT BIER
OF WELL-KXOWX CHINAMAX
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — lOak.T Co.^.ll»U — ,,
Bay CPC 5s. — ~ 102 | Do 5s 110 ,112%
Cal C.G 5s. — 104',ai Do con 6s. 100*4 —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 6a. — <3
m & ct 5s. — 85 Ora Cable 6a. — 123
Cal-st C 53.114 117 Pac G Im 4s. 92*4 U6
C C Wat 6s. 100 P E Ky Bs.lKHi —
EdL & P 6s.l24 — P A C H 6s.l02*4 —
F & C H 6S.114& — P & O R 63.110 —
Geary-st 6s.. — 80 Powell-»t 6a. — 114
H C&S 5%s.l00 — Sac EO&R53. 06 03
Do 5a 88tf — SF & 6JV5s.U6% —
Hon R T 6s.lO5 — Sierra" R 6s.. — 115
L A Eleo Ss. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6a.. 112# — (19C8) 10« —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 107 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
-*D O gtd 6S.102H — (1906)Sr A.102%103
LAP lem Ss.101 — (1906)Sr B.lOTVi —
Mkt-st C 6s. 113 — (1906) 105 —
Do lem BS.114U116 (1912) 115*4 —
MV4 MtT5s.l01*i — SPC 1 eg 6s.H0 —
NRR of C6s.lO4i£ — Do 8tmpd..lO8};i08%
Do 6s ....116%117 S P B R 63.131 134
N P C R 63.104 106 S V Wat 6a. 105*4106
N C Ry 6s. — 112 Do 4» 2dm. 09 S9*i
N C P C 6s. — 101 Do 4s. 3dm. 9S 99
N S R R 5s. — 101 Do g mtgls 97*4 —
O O L&H 58.107 — Stkn G&Etfs. 92*i —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 U G & E 5s. — 102*4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 38 (Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 }s V Wat Co. 33 83*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3 S«J|S F G 4 E. 59«4 69%
Mutual E L. 12>4 13 JStkn G & E. 5% —
Pao L Co... 57*4 — IU G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. 127*4 — IL P & A — 153
Anglo-Cal .. 83*4 86%|Mer Trust.... 203 —
Bank of Cal. 425 — Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L-.22S0 2350 I Sav & L> So. — ICO
Hum S & U — — Sec Sav Bk.3SO —
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav U.640 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 1 Presidio — —
Geary 10 — |
POWDER.
Giant 60*4 — IVlgorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 2Oc Kllauea 8 C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 61 — Makawell C. 21% 22*4
Honokaa S C 11*4 11% Onomea S C. — 27*4
Hutch S P C 8 8*4!Paauhau S C. 12*4 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.137*4 — I Oceanic S Co. 4*; 4*4
Cal F C A. 93 99 |Pac Aux FA. 6 —
Cal Wine A. — 90*4 Pac C Bone. 156 153
MV& MtTm.100 — f
• .Morning Session.
Board—
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 51 23
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 104 37*4
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 104 50
Street—
$1,000 S P Cal 1st con 6s (stamped).. 108 23
$8,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge) 99 00
'Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Makawell 22 00
$1,000 Stockton Gaa ft Elec 6s 92 50
Street—
10 S F Gas & Electric 59 75
$S,CCO Spring Valley 6 per cdnt 105 CO
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mt«e) 99 00
LITTLE FALLS, Minn.. July. 1.—
Several days ago Frank . Weiner. a
farmer well advanced in years, was
clubbed to death in his bedroom, and
his bride of three months was held on
suspicion. She is about 16 years old.
To-day she made a confession to the
effect that John Kardasch, 17 years old
and her lover, had committed the
brutal crime. The officers sent to ax
rest the lad found him on . Weiner'B
farm, where he was digging a grave
for the dead man.
The girl widow declares that she and
the boy planned to dispose of the aged
husband and then get married. The
crime was planned in advance, she
said, and Kardasch came to the farm
house at midnight, entered the bedroom
occupied by Weiner and his wife and
knocked the old man into insensibility.
Then he battered his head and body
until life was extinct.
Two cluljg spattered with blood were
found on the floor of the room. One
was very heavy and thick; the other
was a lighter but a more formidable
weapon. This fact is cited in support
of the theory that Mrs. Weiner has not
told the whole truth. Lorenzo Kardasch,
father of the lad, accused the girl of
the crime.
Mrs. "Weiner and Kardasch are held
In the County Jail.
Youth of Seventeen Murders Aged
Farmer in Order That lie Might
Wed Young Widow.
CONFESSION OF WOMAN
FIXES :CRIME~ ON I.OY^R
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY, - JULY 2, 1904.
Continued yrbm Pase Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
KAlTiWAT TRAVEL.
y*& H""*-n. Trmlsis le»T»»nd nr» *••
U^^^\Z\ BAS FRANCISCO.
1J^ (Toot of Market Street*
WTt - MAIN LINE. -A«arr»
700a VacsTllle. Winters. Ra:n*«r 7 50p
7.C0a Beaicta, Elmtrs sad 8s«rsmenco.. 7-20<»
7.30a Vsllejov Naps, Cslistog*. SaaU
Hass. Martinez. San Kudos bV20p'
7-33a N!les.Trscy, Lathrop. Stocsron.... 720p
8-OOa fcha*ta Express— (VU Dst1s>.
Wliusms (for Hsrtlett Sprtaes).
TVHlows. tFrntn. Ked UluiT,
Portlsa-1, Tacotna. 9eatUe 7-58*
B.60A Dsrls.WooJlsnd. Knlgbts Landing,
WarysTllle. Chrco. OroTllle 7.50*
B-30A Fort Cotts, Martinez. Aatlocb,
Byron, Trscy. Stockton, New-
msn, Los Bsbos. tiandoti,
Annona, nsnford. VI salt a,
Psrt«rTlll« 4.28*
t£QA F or t Costa, Modesto. Mereed.
Fresno. Oosaen Junction, H»a- '
ford. Vtsslis. Bskersneld ..'. ... 450»
I -30a Klles. San Jose, Ltrerraore. StorS-
too, (tMIltoD). lone, EacritmeaM,
MsrriTllle. Cntco. Ked Blnff .... 42<)»
¦•SuAOskdaie. Chinese, Jsnaestown. So*
¦orm. Tnolumne «nd Angels ..... 420p
¦ (•DA A tt*nt!c Express— Ottden nad Run. 5-2QP
8-50A Rlcttmoad. Msxtlnes sod Wsy
8tatloos ISO* 1
10XOA Tho Orerland Limited — Ofc-dea,
_ _^ lJeayer, OmaSs, Cn'.csgo. B.2C*>
T04J0A Tsliejo 12.20*>
10.00a Lot Aarelts Psstenser — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Trscy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosttea Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lera«x>re. Visslla.
BskersfleM. Los Angeles 7.29»
IZJMTm Bsywsrd. NTTea and W»y Stations. 3.20»
U .OOP Sacramento nvrer Steamers M1.00»>
3 38P Beaicls, Winter*. Sserftinenta.
Woodland, wtilown, lin!e&:s
Laadiac MaryiTlU*. OroTtlia
and way stacloas 19-504
«0p> H»yw»r.i. Kiles snd Way SUtlons.. 7M*
3-5UPrort Coats. Martinez. Byrea.
TTacy, Latbrop. Madeito.
Msresd. Berenda, Fresno »n4
_ __ IVsy Ststloas beyond Fort Cost* 12.20*>
«-30i» Tosemite Valley, ri» Berends sad
___ Wswoos 8.50*
iJO** MsrUaes. Traey. Stockton. Lodi... 1020*
400s> M«rtlnei.3anR»rnoa,Vs!lfJo,N r »p«,
Callsioc*, 6sata Rosa. S-20A
!^2' Kiles, Traey, Stockton. L©41 4.20»
4 .30? Hay war*. Ntles. IrTiagtoa. 9«a » t8.50*
Joie. LlTermoro •) rl1.5Oa
oXOFThe Owl Limited— Newman. Lh
Baaoa, Msaduia. Freino. Tatar*.
.Eak»rsaeld.Los Aaxalea. _>.... . 8.50a
*5 52^ St«rf7tri. inies and Saa Jom .».. 7.20a
6-OOp HsywanL NUes and San Jeje 9. 50a
• OOP BMtcrn Express— Orrten. benTer,
Omana, St. Louis, Ctitcaco sad
Ksst, tIs lUrtlnez, Stocktea,
... Sacrsmeato, Col fax. Reno "12. SO*
¦00t» VsJlnJo. dstly. except S«nd»y.... I - --_
7 OOP Vallejo, Sunday only f 7.60»»
7-0CP Rlciiiaoad. s«n Pablo. Port Costa, *
Mnrtiaes aad Way SUUont 11. 20 A
/XOpRpbo Passencer— fert Coata, Bnl-
iua. Elmtra. Darls. Pacramesto,
Tracke*. Lake Taboe. Beao,
.„- Tonopah. Sparks 740*
¦ hop Orreon A Caltforats Rzprass— Ss«.
ramento, MarysTllle, Redding.
Portlasd. PQget Hound and Bast. 8 50*
t-1 Op Barward. Nlles and Saa Jose (3oa-
dayoaly) 11. SO A
COAST LINE Ouron (,««•).
(Koot of M. trice; Street )
745a 9anta Cruz Excursion* S^adsy only) 8-10*
O.1&A Newark. <JenterTl!le. Baa Jose,
Feltoa, Roulder Creek. Bin Bsstn,
Santa Cnz su.l T\>y Stations... 5 55».
19-15A Alrarado. Nrwsrk, San Jose-. Los
Sitoi.Gli-nwhd,!, Fftttoav Bouider
_„ BIB Basin. 8ant*Cruz.... 8.10*>
tZ.15s> Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
New AlmA.lea. Los (iato«.7e!ton,
Donlder Creek, Santa Craz and
,._ -Principal Way Stations 1055a
4-Ibs) Mewark. San Jose, Los Gatos t8-65a
4.15p Wiiznt, B»ahter Creek »•».! SaaU
Crni. SatarrtuT and Sunday only. »855a
COAST LINE (Ur<u.i «»»).
IW ( Ihlrd »i>.i rown«<ind Street*.)
8.1 P* San Jose sad Way Stations. 8 33*
1700A San Jose anil V,'ay Station* 6.40P
7.16a Monterey and Ssnta Crui Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10 30p
• BOa Xrw AlmaUfn (Tues.. Frfd.. only). 4.10^
8 60a The Ccastrr-San Jos?. Salinas..
San Ardo, Paso itoMcs. Sunta
Marsarits. San I.uis i>. >.»?¦>. P. iat»
Barbara. Sen Biiecaventnra.
MontniTO, Oxnard, Uurbank. Los
Angeles ¦ 10.43^
8.00A Gllroy. HolTlster. Castrorl!!*. Del
Monte, Padf.c Gro»e, Sarf, Lota-
poc 10.45*
8.00a "an Jose. Tits Plnos, Capttola,
BaauCrui.Pacinc Urove.Ssllnas.
Pan Lnls OMspo and Principal
Way Station* 4;1O»
1030a San Jose acd Way Stations 120*
11 -30a Bant* Clara. San Jose. Lo« Gatos
and Way Stations 7-30»
1 30p Saa Jose and Way Stattons 8 36a
tSOCpOel Monte Hi press— Santa Clara,
tan Jo*s, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove 12-15*
3 -30p Burllngame. San Jose. Giiroy, FTol-
lliter. Tre* Pino*. Pajiiro. C»pl-
tola. Santa Crnr. Castrortlle,
Salinas, Paclflc Grore 10.45a
4-30»» laa Jose and Way Stations +8 CQa
to OOP Santa Clara. »an Jose, Los Gatos,
Wright and principal Way sta-
„ tloas (except Sunday) +9. 00a
•5-SOp Ban Jose and Principal Way stations 19 10a
641" Sunset Express.— Uedwood. Raa
Jose, Gllroy. Salinas. t-a»o Kobles.
Saa l.r.:s Oblspo. Santa Bar' art,
Los Ani5«>>, laming. El Paso.
New Orleans. New Yor'< .. T t(j«
S45P P»Hro. Capitola, Sent* Cm*. Ca»- •
... troTllle.DelMonte.PaelflcGroTe. 104S»
tS.ISP 6«nUalci>.l]ere!iror<l.r>e:mont.Saa '"^^
Carlos, Kedwoed. Fair Oakt,
... .Mealo Park. Palo Alto t«48A
«Mp Baa Jose and Way SUtlons 8 38a
8 COp Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10.1SA
i1.*8p S«ath8ai»Francl(ico, Mlllbrac. Bur-
Kagame. San Mateo, Belmoat,
San Carlos. Ked-wotwi, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Psio Alts "tA&»
<11^8»> Mayaeld, Moantaia View, Suaay-
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Joss t348»
A for Moraine/. p for Arteraooa. !
ibonday excepud. X Sunday only
J Batnrdaj only. » Monday etHy.
5 Sioo. at all iwelooi *a t janoaj,
CAL1F0BNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIF12
SA2X.WAT COMPAirr.
Tiburon Perry. Poot of Market Street.
SAIT FKANCISCO TO SAH- BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:oo, 2.U0, 3:40, 5:10, 5:30. 6:30 and, 11:3d
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:0O, 9:30. ll:0O a. m.; 1:80.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11 :S0 p. m.
SAN XAFAEL TO SAXT TZtAITCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 6:5O, 7:35. 7:50. »:2O,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, f2:00, 3:40. 5:00, S:20.
C:»o p. xn.
Saturdays — Extra, trio at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6: 5O, 7:C5. 8:20. 11:13 a. m.; liil.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 5:20, «:23, 7:5O p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 1904. | Saa Fran.
Week I Sun- I Cestlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 7:43 a! 7:43 ft
7:30 a 8:00a .'" 3:40 a. 8:«Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Zxnacla. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p e:0Op 6:20 p.
.5:10 p 5:10 p «:2Op 7^3s
7:25 p
8:43 y
7:30a 7:30a 7:43a 7:43*.
8:00 a 8:00 a Xovatix 10:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Pstaluma. 6:20 p 8:20 9
8:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 pi 7:23 9
6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:43 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Pulton. 7:23 p 6:20 9
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:43 p 7:23 a
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lyttcn. ,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p| 7:23 9
( Cloverdale. _^
7:30 at 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a. 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:25 p
j j Willlta. j 1
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. I 7:25 p( 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:0Oa| Guernevlll* and 110:20 a! 10 -.20 a
2:30 p| 2:00 p[ Camp Vacation. | 8:43 p| 6:20 pi.
"s^OOa 8:C0a S:40a| 8:40a
5:10 p &:3Da Sonoma. 6:00 pf 6:20 p
.( 5:10 PI Glen Ellen. . 8:43 p|
7:30 al 7:30 a! 110:20 a|10:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebaatopol. [ 7:23 p[ 6:20 9
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke'a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for SkagKs
Springs; at Cloveniale for the Geyser3. Boo"ne-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel .Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's,. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr** Hot
fprinss. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brass,
Westport. Uaal; at Willits for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sberwnod. Canto. Covelo. Layton-
ville, Cummins. Bell's Spring*. Harris, Olsensi.
Dyer. GaTberville. Fepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sun<lay* — Hound-trip tickets to all points
beyond San ItaTael at naif rates.
Ticket Ofnce. 650 Market street. Chronicle,
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WeeMy CaUloo jwrlmir
RAILWAY TRAVEJj.
RayPti§Sy^iis»ai*swji
va^W BpyfiEM V^f
I CALIFORNIA
1 LIMITED TO CHICACO
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS !
9 at !>:."><> a. m., throngrh In ;; days,
'M with diner and all trapping's.
Other Santa re Trains:
7:l!0a. m."l for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m.' J Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:C0p. m. fcr Stockton.
8 :00 p. m.' for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. .S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
Tray, Oakland. Cal. 27 South rixst St.,
San Joae.
. — . ciMnitict
plflpg^Sp MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
IBBTimiliagWaTOCj vla Sansalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11-40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4-00 4:35. 5:15. 5:50, 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11-35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00, 11:40
a. m. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:00. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:15, 0:50, 6:25, 7:15, 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 8:17,
7-00 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12:05 1:25. 2:50, 3:35, 4:20, 5:05, 5:40, 6:15.
6-65, '7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45, 2:05.
8:3o p. m. ". ; C
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m..
3:15 p. m., 5:15 p. m. <ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10-.00
11:00, 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:15 P. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. . •
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes
etc.
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m., dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.-
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market . st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU fcnsalits Ktrrj Arrive
San Francisco K—t «f Burtrt St. San Francisco
Week Sun- J g jgsw Suu- Week
Days, days. dfiffifflKK daya. Days.
8730 a f£X*&i&Fm 12:45 P * 3:45 a
10:00a y§i§Sra5w 2:05r*11:0S*
10:00 a 11:00 a V?"JC£Me3v 3:35 p 3:35 r
1:45 r 12:20 r 6:40 p 6:15 l
6:15 r 1:45 p y&py , 6:15 r 10:05 »
• 4:35r 8:50r
» ?ii Crarit? Cir. » Tawalptb U Hill UKf.
Ticket 1626 Market St. (North Uhore Rallroadl
Offices land bicsiUio Fikhy, Foot Market dt.
DEATH NOTICES,
Continued From Page Thirteen.
P:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
GARDNER— In this city. June 29. 1901.
Rebecca Gardner, beloved mother of George
• W. Gardner of Southern Pacific Company,
formerly cf Cincinnati. Ohio, a native of
¦ Ireland, eced 74 years *> months and l'J days.
«Cin-"t:natl. Ohio, papers phase cooy.)
CTTrlendj and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the lunerAl to-morrow
• Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 312 Tage street. Interment Ciacin-
uatl. OJiio.
GRIFFIN— In thla city. July J. 100*. Joaephine
Griffin dearly beloved daughter of Lawrence
*nd the late Brldeet Grifnn. and eister of
Mary and John Griffin, a native of Ireland,
aged 27 years.
BANSEN— In thi« city. July 1, 1904, Johanne*
Hanaen beloved brother of Hans. Soren. C.
E.. II. E.. Kirstlne. Marie and Johanna
liansen and Mrs. Marie Christensen. a na-
- tive of Dfnrnark, ased S4 years and 10 daya.
JC^Renifiine at the parlors of H. V. Suhr
& Cc. li:!7 Mission street, between Seventh
' aad Eighth.
HARDEE— In this city, July 1. 1904. Margaret
F.. dearly beloved wife of John F. Hardee,
end loving dauchier of Mr*. M. Foley and
the late Thoman Foley. ajid sister of Jostph
A. and Thomas F. Foley, a native of San
Francisco, aced 24 years S months and 13
days.*
CTTrler.ds and acquaintance* are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence. :>T.7 Thirtieth etreet. thence to
Pt. Pfcul'a Church for cervices, commencing
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HKHFORTll— In thla city. July 1. 1904,
Husanna, infant daughter of Hermann and
¦^uuinr.a Herforth. a native of Ean Fran-
rlfcco. aced 4 months and 27 daya.
: EOWARI>— In this city. July 1. 1904, William
Howard, a native of Xew York, aced 82
year*.
BURDEN— In this city. June 29 1904. George
D. Uurden. a native of England, aced 45
years,
CJTrlends and acquaintances ar-s respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday), July 3, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chauel or James Hasran & Co.,
4D-01' Duboce avenue (formerly Thirteenth
• f-'.reet). near Valencia, under the auspice»
of Burnaby Lodge No. 1114, Sons of 8t.
George. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BCKLKT — In AlameSa, July 1. 1004, Clemen-
tine Sclome Hurley, beloved wife of Joseph
Glldden Hurley, and mother of Mre. Eben
JliKby, Mr*. IVank Foley Mrs. John Bridge
e.nd Joseph Clement. Edward A. and Williard
. T. Hurley, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
€1 years. 5 months and 2<i days.
JENKINS— In this city, June 30. 1904. Sarah
Jenkins, dearly beloved wife of John Jenkins,
l*loved mother of Mary, Kdward, Sadie,
Ethel and Frank Jenkins, sister of Mrs.
l»~rank Gilf ether, and niece of Mrs. Mary
Hughes and William Kelly, a native of San
Krancisco, aged '•',- years 6 months ajij 1!5
day*.
¦ ' lu^'Friends and acquaintances are reEpect-
lully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
"(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner Eros.. 12o9 Mission street, between
Kiphth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SEWETT-In Berkeley. July 1, 13W. David
M. Jewett. brother of Norman Jewett of
Eureka. Cal.. and uncle of Harry R. Jewett
- of Berkeley, a native of New Brunswick.
: Canada, aged 81 years and 11 days.
BP.XLY— In this city. July 1, 1004. Gertie
Kelly, sister ot Thomas and George Meehaa
and the late Mrs. J. Uaserty, a native cf j
tan Francisco, aaed 29 years.
Cyi-"rien.ds and acquaintances are respect- {
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
<tiur.day), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. \\ . Mania & Co.. 31U O'Farrell etreet.
thence to £t. Mary'» Cathedral at 1 :30
©clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
laAVIN— In this city, at the residence of her
r>arent*. 405 Fillraore Kreet, July 1, 1004,
CelesiLne Virginia Lavin. dearly beloved
dauuhier of Peter J. and Ella J. Lavin, and
m:.-r of Peter J. Lavin, and granddaughter
of Mrs. E. Fitz-CJerald, a native of tan
- Francisco, aced 17 years S months and & j
' days. ,
C^Ncr.ice c* funeral hereafter. 1
LKHENliY— In Alameda. June 29, 1904, John j
Francis, dtarly beloved husband cf Florence
•Ltht?ney and father of Baptist, Victor and
'Arthur Ltheney, and son of Mr. and Mrs.
] 1'. Lehtney, and brother of Mary and James
Lehency, a native of Providence, R_ I., aged
43 years. (.Providence. It. I., papers please I
copy.) ¦ j
CFt-ii-nds and acquaintances are respect- '
fully jr.vited to attend the funeral Saturday,
July 2. at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, j
2211 'Eagle avenue. Interment St. Mary's ,
tJcmetery. - ;
X-ILLIK— In thia city, June SO. 1904. Isabel 1
.- .Jean Bennett Llllle, dearly beloved and only |
child jof Kobert I. and Daisy C. Lillie, a na-
. tlve of Honolulu, aged « years 1 month and
o days-.
C>"Services will be held to-day (Sat-
urday). July 2, at 10:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents. 174 Shotwell street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment
Cyprets Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
• car j'rem Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LOUIE— In this city, June 30; 1904, George
Leslie YinK. beloved husband of Jee Shee.
. and father cf Louie How, Louie Gee, Louie
King, Louie Dong and Louie Fun, a native
el San Francisco, esed 26 years.
CT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Bervlcea
Sunday. July 3. at 11 o'clock, at his late
residence, 718 Commercial street.
tA'lillMANN — In this city. June SO. 1904.
toiihie. beloved wife of Bernhard Luhrxnann,
and mother of Minnie Luhrmann, and Eister
of Mrs. II. J. Wessling and Henry Maass,
a native of Germany.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). July 2. at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. 94 Chenery 6treet. between
Thirtieth aad Fairmount. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. i
MARVIN— In Oakland. July 1, 1904, at 821 I
Thirty-fourth street, Joseph M., beloved
husband of Mary E. Marvin, and father of
Mrs. J. C. Eterrltte, James H. Marvin Mrs. I
rhidley Moore. Mre. It. M. Dickey and Mrs. j
John Hickett. a native of New York, aeed 73
years 3 months and 6 days.
MCCARTHY — In this city. June 30, 1904. '
Annie, beloved wife of l>enls S. McCarthy,
and mother, of Nellie McCarthy, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 29 years.
¦ CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at »:30 o'clock, from the parlors
ot McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
«tion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
ihence to St. Josech's Church, where a re-
quiem hlch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at & o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HcKEEN— In Oakland, June SO, 1904 at her
residence, 050 Peralta street Oakland Carrie
f^cott McKeen. widow of the late W. A. Mc-
Keen, mother of Ella B.. Herm. S and Ar-
thur H. McKeen. and clster of Mrs J H
of Oakland. Mrs. Mitchell and Pro-
fessor II. II. Scott of Chicago a native of
. Nova Scotia. Canada, agefl 4S years 4 months
and 2 days.
CrFritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
July 2, at 3 p. m.. from above residence
Ieterxnent private In Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
MOSCROP — At Camp Meeker, Jane 29, l»04
Joseph, beloved husbacd of Louisa A Mos-
crop. and father of Mrs. Sarah A. Ellis and
Joseph Moscrop, a native of E&gland.
- • C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf Bunker & Lunt, 2066 Mission
Ftreet (Mission Masonic Temple), between
¦ Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Court Occidental No. 6678 A.
O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TTAVARRO — In this city, June 29. 1904, Ra-
raona S. Navarro. a native of Mexico aged
S3 years 10 months and 11 days.
O'NEILL — In this city. June SO. 1904 Maria.
O'Neill <nee McGUlicuddy). beloved 'wife of
J. W. O'Neill, and clster of Johanna McGll-
• Hcudfly. and aunt of John Kennedy and Mrs
James McEIlisrott. a native of Molaphlffe
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 47 years.
E7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 149 Julian avenue, between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a requiem hlrh mass
wil be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, "-v.;.-
REHM— In this city, June 29, 1804 Elvira
. Rehm. dearly beloved daughter of Jacob and
Theresa Rehm. and sister of Mary Eliza-
. b*th and Richard Eugene Rehm, a native
cf San Francisco, need 6 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
July 3, at 10 o'clock, frcm the residence cf
her parents, 909 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery.
REID— In this city. Juae 26. 1904. Joseph
Reid, a native of England, aged 58 years
C3TThe funeral and Interment took place
yesterday.
RIDDOCK— In this city. July 1. 1004 Alex-
sndcr Riddock. husband of Jessie Riddock.
. and father of Mrs. L. Conger, W. N., A S
and «. H. Riddock. Mrs. A. F. MacPhee
and Grace Riddock. a native of Scotland
aged 74 years and 6 months.
RYAN— In St. Louis, July 1. 1904. of pneu-
monia. Joseph R. Ryan of Virginia City
Nev. '
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
EMITH— In this city, June 29, 1904, James
beloved husband of Emily M. Smith and
father of Mrs. Mary Johnson, Mrs. W A-
Mahood and Willie Smith, a native of Eng-
land, ased CO years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral Sunday,
. ' July 3. at 2 o'clock, from his late residence.
716 Brazil avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
. Cemetery.
fTERN— In San Jose. Cal.. July 1, 1904.
. Augusta Stern, sister of Mrs. B. Schweyer
and Sam Stern, and aunt of Ilnia and Leo-
j>old Schweyer a native of Germany, aged
47 years and 13 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inxited to attend the funeral Sunday,
• July 3. at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 132 Pierce avenue. Interment Home
Ot Peace Cemetery. San Jose. -LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening ;. 64 « 4%
Closing 6 3% 65
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 20 15 20 43
Closing... ." 20 20 20 65
Flour — '• . •'
Opening'... 27 85 27 75
Closing 27 05 27 65
Foreign Futures.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14$13c per lb-
Geese, per pair. $1 23@1 50: Goslings, si 304*
1 75: Puck*. $4@4 80 p»r dozen for old and
$4 50@5 for young; Hens. $4 5003 50 for
large and $4@4 60 for small; young Roosters.
$7 50<&0; old Boosters, |4$4 50; Fryers. $56
The Poultry market Is heavily supplied and
weak for general offerings, with liberal quan
tities carried ov«r from day to day. Young
Roosters still command good prices, but Fry
er* are lower, as the trade Is using large
Broilers In preference. There were not enough
sound Hare or Rabbits i»-ceive.l for a quota
tion, but Wild Doves appeared and sold at $l@
1 30 per dozen
Poultry- and Game.
Bank Clearings.
The followiiic table, compiled by Bradstreet.
'hows the bank cloarings at the principal cltlei
for the wr*k ended June 30 with the percent
age of increase and decrease, as compared with
the corresponding week last year:
Percentage
New York. $1.0Rn,524.3S3 ' .??'. '¦»*%
Chlcajro 153.4_2,B!>1 13B
Boston... 120.fi««.0.11 . 27*4
Philadelphia 07.207.n27 ;m"«>
Rt. Louis 4fl.167.4Sn - s'i
Plttshnrg 37.5*7,370 .. •'<*>'?(
Fan Francisco ... 28.000.TO5 . 5*5
Baltimore 20,440.087 ....
Cincinnati 2fi.47O.fino 77
KanFsr Citv ..... 17.7ft7.«'.<M . ' . '5*7
New Orleans 12.18fi.0fiS . ?5*0
Cleveland 12.010,nn« ... on's
Minneapolis 11.402.817 ... 17' '7
Detroit »,518.!)O6 ... a'fi
I>otilKVille !).R54,tS4 ... r'«
Omaha ', 6.8R4.7nn .- . 74'
Milwaukee ....... «,3'24,nO3 .... 14*0
Providence A,fJtn,noo .... 2*3
Buffalo . 5.43"*,2."Vl .... 22°
InrJianaoolis S._?iv'?SG 25 'H
St. Paul S.7in,4«K> ' 12*1
Lo;- Angeles ..... R.MSMSil 10 0
St. Joseph ' 4.200..V.0 .. 27*3
Denver 3.424. Ml . /. . 04" 3
Columbus 4,Of>O,2flO
M»mpl-.ls ..;..... 3.495.4fi2 12.3
P»attle 4,433.70ft '4..' '¦"
Richmond 4,52S.2Rn 32. C
Washington 3.637.536 .... 8 5
Savanuah 2,406.315 .... 16.0
Hides, Tattozv, Wool arid Hops.
AH descrlrtlons under this head remain as
previously stated.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brand* sell
about V^'filc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers V^jc: medinp. SVie; light. Sc: Cow
Hides." 8c for heaj^ anil tc for i'.sht; Stags.
6c- Salted Kip Uf; Salted Veal". lOc: S_!t-->1
Calf lie: dry Hides, lttc: dry Kip 13c; dry
C_U.' 13c: Sheep*klns. shearlings. 25e"»f>c each;
short Wool. 40<ee3c each: medium. 70@f>Oc: icn^
Wool $1@1 50; Hcr^e Hides, salt. $_ 73 !or
large' and $2&2 3o for medium. $1 23*1 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium .SIQ1 2."
for small and 30c for Colts. Bnck Sklns^ — Dry
Mexican. 30c: dry Salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. ."50i5:_!«4a Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 73c: large and wnooth. 50c;
medium, 35c; siruill. 20c.
Corn was steady, but nearly all of the ad
vance was lost on general liquidation of -July.
September opened a shade,, to >ic higher, at
4SH l f?lS*)ic to;4.S%c, sold Between 4S*4@4sttc
and 4S%c and eK*ed at 48%c. " *
The feature of trading in oats was ' the
liquidation of July and a decline of >ic in tin
price of the 'cash article. September • opened
V,c- higher at «2Wc. ranged between 31%c and
32V&932UU and closed at 31%c.l
The , provision market was strong under the
Influence of an active demand ¦ from shorts
and packers. A" strong hog market was mainly
responsible for the Improved : demand "At the
close September pork was up 20®22\ic, at
$13 32f&@13 25; Ssptember lard was up ll'Vj®
CHICAGO, July 1. — Antagonistic opinion* as
to the damage Inflicted by rain tn the South
west held wheat traders In check to-day.
Closing "prices were practically Identical with
yesterday's final figures. Corn Is up 'ic. Oats
show a loss of }Ac. Provisions aro 10@i'2^c
higher. •
At the start a steady tone prevailed in
whtat. as the result or firm cables and bullish
news from the Southwest. September was un
changed to a thade higher at Sli' t ©Sl%c. For
a time the buying of July was of an urgent
character, shorts being the principal pur
chasers. A total absence of deliveries on July
contracts was the main incentive to buying.
Th^ demand for distant futures was much
better than the supply, resulting in quite a
firm undertone. After Seritamber had touched
Sl'/ie a weakening of the market carried the
price down to SO*«(g^lc. TherJ was quite
liberal selling by traders who wished to even
up trades over tho holidays. Considerable
wheat aleo came out on reports of a pros
pective large movement In the Southwest. 75
cars being estimated for Tuesday at St. t^uls
and* 150 cars at Kansas City. Later a revis
ion of the figures making the movement much
lighter caused a rally. Advices from the South
west regarding the condition of the crop were
conflicting, but to a large extent Impression
prevailed in the later. trading that the Kansas
crop will be materially reduced, and if the
rains continue the quality will be poor. Shorts
wsrt good buyers later In the day and a mod
erately firm tone prevailed at the close. Final
flgureu • on September were ¦ at 81U@81>-ic, a
net loss of }6c for the day.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
. " To-day win be an exchange holiday all over
the" Unfted States, is the New York, Chicago,
Saa Franc'.rco and other exchanges will hold
no rrjore ftssiony until Tuesday. The banks
-il] • be o;-«-n a* usual, but there will be no
business' of any consequence in anything, as
.^atunlay at best ie only half a day.
Stocks of Grain.
Ilency C. ¦ Bunker, chief grain inspector of
t!.e Merchants' Exchange, reports rtocks of
irrain in warehouse and on wharf July 1 as
foClowe. In torn:
. -.' WHEAT
-*%»*".: June 1. July L
1'crt Costa ...• 13.7C1 9.S00
S'.ocKton .\ 17.165 13.3S3
City . { : 1.623 2.340
¦ : • BARLEY
June 1. July 1.
Fort Costa ". 3.33U 1.833
Stockton '. 4.043 2,ta<i
Ctt» , 3.74S 2.-24
June 1. July 1.
.oats l.fCO 790
<zn. r .: .' 200 423
Braa '. 200 432
1-ans, sa.cks , 82,931 73,717
' The -receipt*. In June were 11,038 tons Wheat.
'.•.*;¦& sons FUri«?y. 115S tons Oats. 1102 tons
C' rr.j-1311 ions Bran and 20.990 sacks Beans.
¦ . ..Government Funds Here.
'¦¦ . '
Jujiu* Jacob*, Aestetant Treasurer of the
•I'nited StatM at San Francisco, reports the
.c_Fh.ir the gub-Tre_s_ry at the close of busl
•n<^p» June 3f>. as follows: •
By" raited States notes $10.249- «X>
¦TrraVury note* of 1S80 2.335 CO
>.at:onal B_r.k r.ctcs 14.210 00
• icld certificates IS. ISO 00
fc:!\w cerU-cates 223,447 CO
V.oM coin 20.651.e34 84
•'standard silver dollars 3O.ft34.S49 00
silver coin 502.649 40
HIM- coin 24,048 SX
1-ractior.al currency 14 88
Interest paid: Funded loa ne of
1907. 1904 1925. 190$ -1918 and
Ccfr.so'.s of 1930 173 SO
.Total ". .$52,3S1.650 80
' $213.™
rraoticnal silver coin 22S.795
Total ....J^£
Exports of Wheat.
' The experts of wheat from San Francisco
by tfta. in June was as follows:
•T«-< Centals. . Value.
•G'^at Britain 76,133 $10u.054
Hawaiian Islands 1,777 2,«01
' m Totals 7»,912 $102,€55
Tri June. l'.«03. the exports were 5477 centals,
valued at $74&2. The movement in that month,
vat v»>ry light as the crop was almost ex
l;auiiei and California had no wheat to spare.
. Lst-t- month there was one whole cargo and
"two part cargoes shipped to Great Britain,
exalsn one small shipment of 2000 centals to
it:* k_rae cour.tr>' In June, 1903.
;" The following ehowe the «"xp»rts by months
during The crop y^ar. commencing July 1,
}'¦?*.?>;, and ending- June 30, 1004:
Month — Centals. Values.
-Juh. 1903 14.381 $19,6*>6
Ai.rust 111.R31 1H4 &7'.»
S- j.t«r.b«-r 52.711 7C.720
•«-'tober •..••« -'• 160,006 216.5S4
Nc\trnb*r 49.243 72,316
lr-<-**r.ber •. 1«1.6SS 223.4::*
January. XSW 173.-62 246.P95
•r>bruary 14.601 20.105
March l«O,417 128,364
A|Tfl ..'. 72.705 101,918
May ., 9S.59» 12S.360
June. 79.912 102.655
¦ . . __^_^__
, Totals 1.0S2.296 $1,502,300
. hi lMr>-G3 tb* total exports were 5.232,625
r- :\A\r. valued at ?7.t>44.C82. Most of the ex
11 rts to Europe' la«t year were taken In small
,<4Ufcr.t;ties as stiffening for barley cargoes.
*rUere ~r_ra very few whole cargoes shipped
¦»» 'rfe«s were too high to admit of profitable
#xpcrt!r»r. In VMfl-'.i there were 112 cargoes
or part cargoes cleared. The movement dur
irx the year just closed was the poorest since
: »';*j-t»..
W cat her Report.
<l_«t_ Meridian— Pacific Time.)
• ' SAX FRANCISCO. July 1—5 p. m.
The fiottowteg maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day
from "Ea*:ern cities :
.'Bo-ten 74-70 New Orleans. ... .00-74
r-.ncln_att SO-Wt Philadelphia 80-72
j-Ck^-v'.Me S.S-7- Washington K2-H8
6t Louit bO-54 New York 80-72 1
Fan Vrasdsco 58-5O
' THE COAST RECORD.
" ¦ = Z 2 C J t
§ ?? :; jf<» _. i
\ETATIO».5. - n _ >5 3 _ 2 =r^ ••
¦ - f 9 *t 3 - ""* " i- j
Cakcrl 30.00 70 54 N Cloudy 0C
«J_r»oa :_3.S_ 78 44 W Clear O<i
Eureka 30.04 58 N Cloudy 00
X-rcfxfr .- 2iJ.M) «« 5S NW Cltar >K)
S- Z. rar_!ler.._Si.IW 55 61 N\v Cloudv fe
Vlas-tssr ....^0.70 So 3S SW Clear" .00
J'ocattilo 20. SO SI 5S SW Cloudy .00
Ja<ifc?*rit!»rjc«; . 21.72 l>0 ?:_ W Clear 00
"•-'•» A-s^l^.-SO-W* SO Cs SV Clear 00
Mj_rarr._!pr.:v 23.U.1 70 46 NU - «near "tO
>U.sth nca«I...y0.16 M SO NW Cloudy 00
i'hortiix 29.38 10* 70 NW Clear .00
. Pt. Reyeg u. "TSJ. VI 33 4» NW Forgy ,Hj
fWli-nd :«>.,r2 72 .(I NW Ci_kr .00
Ke_ P..uZ ...._a.7S f«6 CC SE Cieer .do
nc*tburs 82 C2 W clear C3
ft.rtUvaft:to ..29.S- 82 54 S <1«-ar .00
Halt Lake 23.TF. M «0 SW Oou<5y Tr
tan Kraneieeo-.S&.JH 5$ fM» XV Clear «»
P. L. ublt\*>..T.t.K* 7S R2 NW Clear .00
Fan DL-so _t).W» TO €2 W Oear .(«)
*r a "^ -0.12 C4 52 W Oear .00!
|~'" Ia: ' f t»S «4 S Cloudy .12
J,? 1^*',-:"^'- 1 * " « S Cloudy !(W
".\fclia WaUa..29.&4 70 An K Pt.Cldy .42 1
•^ 'nnemucca .m.M s_ 54 xw Clear .m
2ft.«>» Ut=t «6 SW Clear -O-i
WjEATWSn CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOttECAfiT.
•i^^fn*^ b ' r h * s , PTT" 11 * 1 •"<•»" the Rock>
f___?SI_______!^ T n<1 * 1<jR * th * co **t north of
-P* Mendoc na; elsev-hcre on the Pacific Elope
. .» ratr . IJftit rain h_» f_llen In the cartem
lH>rtir>n* of \.aEhlnirtcn and. Oregon and V.'cet
frn Montana. Thund-rrtorms are reported
from linker City ard Ka'.Upel "jwrxeu
The irfKyure has riw-n over the northern
__^2_S: JaClCC "^ * Bd r er
Th'- temperature has fallen from 10 to «0
5 r « fc S Vef lhe e «* tern Potions of Oregon
fcTvv b^n^Prrfti ° th * r dl£trlcu th« chafes
- FormaM rru.it at San Francisco for trlrtv
h>«rs .-ndir.t- midnight. July 2- UJJrty
Northern California— F*ir Saturday excenf
• ioufiy or foesy -long the coart in th e "ora
Iran (wh rerthwest _-ln<l. morn
u^^frl Callrornla --' iIr e-turday; lisht
Nevada— Fair SntunJay.
S*n FFUKtsc- and Fair Saturday
r l:r!a U cr tn the mornI °5: ?r«S !
. , . O 11. WiLLSON, Local Forecaswr.
* Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For tbt t»c_ty-four hours ending 5 p. m .,
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 25@2 25 per
sack or crate; Asparagus. 4S7c per lb; Rhu
barb. 33<8C0c per box; Garden. Peas 4©4%c
per lb: String and Wax Beans, 2@4c per lb:
Tomatoes In small boxes and crates $1 500
173; large open boxes. $2 7503 25: 'Summer
Squash, 30040c for small and 650:75c for large
boxes; Cabbage, $1 per ctl: Carrots. $1 per
sack: Cucumbers. 30<S4Oc per box for Marys
vllle and 75c«$l for bay; Garlic. 304c per lb-
Egg Plant. 8^10c per lb: Dried Peppers SfiiOc
for sun-dried and 12%013c per lb for evap
orated; Dried Okra. 12%ei5c per lb: Green
Okra. per 1b; Green Peppers. 10812%c per
lb for Chile and 15c for Bell.
Receipts of new Potatoes from the river dis
tricts were the heaviest for some little whil*
back and too much for the regular trade to
absorb, and. as there was no Inquiry from
outside points, prices receded and the market
closed weak, with quite a quantity unsold. One
small lot "f selected whites sold at $2 35 per
cental, but for the general market the top
quotation was an extreme figure. Yellow
Onions were slightly lower owing to the lack
of demand for shipping. whil^Red were steady
at the previously quoted rates. - _-
Price* of Summer Squash and Cucumbers
continued to decline under increased receipts
and small packages of both descriptions were
almost unsalable. Tomatoes ruled firm under
a steady call for local use. and a carload of
Mississippi • cleaned up quickly at $1 30@l 63
per crate. Good String and Wax Beans met
with prompt sale at or near the top quota
tion, while poor stock, which was In free sup
ply, dragged at the Inside rate. Lima Bean3
from Los Angeles told at 10c per pound.
POTATOES— New White. $1 73©2 15 per ctl-
Early Rose. $1 75#2 per ctl; Garnet Chiles.
$1 7501 85 per ctl; old Potatoes, $1©1 25 per
cental.
ONIONS^ — New Red. 85c©$l per sack: Sll
versktns. $1 BOS 1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes,, Onions and Vegetables.
The rat» of dlxcmmt In 'the open market for
fhort bills is 1T4J52 per cent and for three
months' bills 1 15-1C per cent.
Money — 1% ppr cent.
Cons money... P0 7-16| N Y Central 11JH4
Do acct 00 5-16! Nor & Western... r.7%
Anaconda 3%l Do pfd sn
Afhlson 75 [Ont & Western... 27%
Do pfd n«U I Pennsylvania . C9'-i
Bait & Ohio 82 (Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 12S%iReadln«? 24V«
Ch*n & Ohio 31%! Do 1st pfd *2
Chi Great West.. 14 | Do 2d pfd .W.
Chi. Mil & St P. 147 ISo Railway ?•{%
Dp Beers 1!>U! Do pfd 87%
Den & Rio G 21%|K'« Pacific 4RVI
Do pfd «0t4i Union Pacific Wl,
Eric 24Ut Do pfd ...:.... n.Hi
Do l(=t pM <2%IU K Steel 10
Do 2d nfd 42 | Do pfd 57%
111 Cehtrat 131 |\\>bash imt,
Loui« & NaEh...l12*;| Do pfd 3"U
M. K ft Texas.... 17%| Spanish 4s ....... 87%
Bar silver — '2C:id rcr ounce.
London Closing Stocks.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 1.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 2000 head; market steady. Native
steers, $4 25S6 40; native cows and heifers.
$2fi5 30; etockers and feeders, $2 75#4 75;
bulls, $2 50©4 25; calves, $2 60@4 75; West
ern steers. $406 10; Western cows, $2®4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 4C00 head; market 5c
higher. Bulk of' sales, $3 05®S 2O; heavy.
$5 1365 25: packers, $5 0505 20; pigs and
light. $4 5005 12%. -
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000 h«ad; market 6® 10c
higher. Muttons. $3 CCS5: lambs. $4 7506 0fl|
range wethers, $3 758*4 75; ewes, $3 25@4 25.
Kansas City.
OMAHA, Neb.. July 1. — CATTLE: — Receipts,
700 head: market slow and steady. Native
steers, $4 £0<85 20; Cowa and heifers, $3 2T><Jfr
4 50; Western steers, $3 50&4 75; cows and
heifers. $2 _5€P3 50; canners, $1 30®2 75;
storkers and feeders, $2 73@4 25; calves, $2 50
©5 SO; bulls. $2 ~>0@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts. IW00 head; market 5c
higher. Heavy. $5 15@5 25; mixed, $5 lOfP
5 15; light, $3@5 13; pigs. $4 5Og5; bulk of
salts. $5 10@9 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500 head; market dull
and unchanged. Western sheep. $4@4 75;
wethers. $3 75@4 40; lambs, $306.
Omaha.
CHICAGO. Julv 1. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1500 head; market steady. Good to prime
steers, ?5 40&6 GO; poor to medium, $4 50#
5 25; stockers and feeders, $2 ">oy I 30; cows,
?l 5Cft4 30; heifers. $203; canners. $1 50@
2 00; Mills, $25? 4 25; calves, $2 5003 50; Texas
f«d steer*. $1 00fj3 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 1T.C00 head, to
morrow 15,000 head; market strong to 5c
higher. Mixed : and butchers', $5 20®3 40;
good to choice heavy. $5 ."".35 40; rough heavy,
$5 2005 30; light, £5 23@5 30; bulk of sales,
$5 25<&3 35. ~s
SHEEP— Receipts, 4CC0 head: market steady.
Good to" choice wethers.' ?4 23@5; fair to choice
mixed, $•" 25©4; Western sheep, $3 5004 SO;
native lambs. $3 50@7 25.
Chicago.
FRUITS — New crop futures^ — Apricots. ' *9
9%c: Peaches, 5%@6>4c per lb. Old crop-
Evaporated Apples. 5Q7c; sun-dried, 3®4%a
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 282 Uc for tha four
sixes. 8s£39
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) ar* as
follows: 50- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4V«c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3%c; seedless
Muscatels 314c: do floated. 3%c: Seeded. Rais
ins. 16-oz cartons, fancy.. 6%c: choice; 5&c:
12-o_ cartons, fancy. 4%c: xholce. 4*£c; la.
bulk, fancy 5Uc; choice. 5c; Imperial dus
ters $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2: London
, Layers. 3-crown $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softsheil. 13%«14c;
No. 2 ll%612c; No. 1 hardshell. I33(13%c;
No. 2.' 11©11%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
riels 11 %c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9*4c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6<87c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11® 13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5083.
HONET— Comb. 11%©12%c for white and.
loeilc for amber; water white extracted. 5<_>
6c; light amber extracted. 4% l S5c; dark.
3%fi4c.
BEESWAX— 27G29C per lb. .
\ Provisions.
Chicago was strong on cessation of liqui
dation, and Pork was 274c higher and Lard
and Ribs 17% ©2Oc higher.
The San Francisco market was dull and un-.
changed but there was talk of again advanc
ing cured meats to conform to the Chicago.
level.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 12%c for light.
13%c for extra light and 16c ttr sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; Cali
fornia Ham*. 12%c; Mess Beef. $10-»
10 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $11®11 30: Family,
$12612 30; prime Mess Pork. $14 5O: extra
Clear. $21- Mess $17 50: Dry Salted Pork. »^c;
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef.
14c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6#6%c per lb for
common and Oc for pure; half-barrel3. pure.
9%c; . 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. OTic; 3-lb tltwi.
10c.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels, 8 Vic: one tierce. 8.%c; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Dried Fruits^Nuts.RaisinsJIoney.
cattIVe. sheep axd hogs. I
Stocks of Beans In regular warehouse and
on wharf July 1 were 73,717 sacks, against
S2.n.'!l sacks June 1. The market Is very
quiet and of a midsummer character.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40fg2 55: Pea. $2 90®3;
Butters. $3: email White. $2 8303 10; large
White $2 35©2 60; Pink. $3 40@3 50; Red,
$4 2504 50: Lima. (3 3O@3 40; Red Kidneys.
$4 7565: Blackeye. $2 03@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2©2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25©4 50; Yellow
Mustard. $2 50®3; Flax. $1 735J2: Canary.
5%05%c for Eastern: Alfalfa 14%816c: Rape
__:2%c: Timothy. 6©6%c; Hemp, 3%e*c per
lb: Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $_O@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl: Nlles.
$3 25; Green Peas. $3@3 23.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK. July 1.— Tin was strong both
at home and In London, closing at £11S 2s Od
for both spot and futures In the London mar
ket, while locally spot was quoted at $25 87%
©2»5 12%.
Copper was unchanged, with lake quoted at
$12 t)_%S12 75, electrolytic at $12 50@12 «2%,
and casting at ?12 12%012 25. The London
copper market was a trifle higher at £56 15s
for both the spot and future positions.
Lead aUo advanced slightly in London,.clos
ing at £11 10», and remained quiet here at
$4 25® i 35.
Spelter was firm at $4 S5@4 00 In the local
market, with business quiet. London also was
unchanced at £22.
Iron closed at 51s 3d In Glasgow and at
42s 4%d In Mtddlesbcre. Locally Iron was
quiet. _No. 1 foundry, northern, is quoted at
$14 8C©15 50; No. 2 foundry, northern. $13 75®
14 25; No. 1 foundry, southern, and No. 1
foundry, southern, soft, $13 23@13 75. . .
Exports of copper for the month, according
to the New York Metal Exchange, were 16,179
tons: so far for the year 113,944 tons, against
6^,S37 tons for the same period a year ago.
New York Metal Market.
The markets under this head were dull yes
terday, as usual Just before the Fourth, and
Hay dealers bought no more than necessary to
carry them over the holiday season.
Stocks of Bran In warehouse and on wharf
July 1 were 432 tons, against 200 tone June 1.
BRAN— $22^23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
SHORTS — $22^23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $22 50®23
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J."?0 50031 50;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22023; Corn
Meal. $32@33: Cracked Corn. $32 50@33 30;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans. $30040 per
ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Old crop— Wheat. $10@14 50; Wheat
and Oat. $11@13; Oat. $9012: Wild Oat, $3@
11: Barley and Oat, $9©11: Stock. $7i©8; Al
falfa. $7@10. New crop — Volunteer Wild Oat.
$709 per ton: Wheat. *9@12 60; Wheat and
Oat. $r.fm 60: Oat. $9@10 60; Clover. $6 500
8 50; Alfalfa. $6<g8 per ton.
STRAW— <5O@8Oc per bale.
Hav and Feedstutfs.
15c. at $7 27%; ribs were 10@12%c higher, at
$7 72Vi©7 75.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July, old 86% 671, 86% 86^
July, new S3% 86 85% fc5»,
1 September, old. 82% 83% 82% 82%
September, new &1% 61% 81 81 V»
Corn No. 2 —
July 47% 47% 47 47«
September 4»% 48% 48% 4SH
December 44% 45%. 44% 45%
Oats No. 2—
July 37% 38 S7 37t,
Sf-ptember 32% 32U 31% 31*,
Dtcember 32% 32*i 32% 3'2%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 12 85 13 00 12 82% 12 97%
September 13 25 13 30 13 12% 13 23
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 7 00 7 12% 7 00 7 12%
September 7 20 7 30 7 20 7 27%
Short Ribs, per lf>O lbs —
July 7 32% 7 47% 7 32% 7 47%
September 7 «5 7 75 7 65 7 55
( October 7 75 7 82% 7 75 7 85
i Cash Grain and Provisions.
' CHICAGO, July 1. — Cash quotations were as
follows : Flour was quiet and steady; winter
patents, $4 53@4 65; straights, $4 3O*$4 40;
spring patents. $4 3O®4 70 ; straights, $3 900
4 20: bakers', $2 i»0©3 20: No. 2 spring wheat,
9r.<j?06c; No. 3, 85S93c; No. 2 red, 98c@$l; No.
2 corn, *~V t c; No. 2 yellow, 49%c: No. 2 oats.
37Hc; No. 2 white, 42c: No. 2 rye, 64c; good
feeding barley. 30@35c; fair to choice malting,
42@52c: No. 1 flaxseed. ?1 02; No. 1 North
western. ?1 07%: prime timothy seed, $2 90:
mess pork, per bbl, ?12 95013; lard, per 100
lbs, $7 10@7 12%: short ribs sides (loose),
$7 2o@7 50: short clear sides (boxed), $7 2."@
7 50; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles^ — Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, barrels 12,600 17,400
, Wheat, bushels 15.000 24,600
1 Corn, bushels 283.200 448,000
[Oats, bushels 140,700 162,200
Rye, bushels 1.200
Barley, bushels 16,600 3.000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. July 1. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creameries. 13Vi<ei"%c: dairies, 12JJ16c: eggs,
I steady, 14@14%c; cheese, strong, 8%@9%c.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atehlson J. 2.700 72% 72>,i 72%
Atchison pfd 200 93H 03% 93%
Baltimore _• Ohio.. 700 80U 79% M)'
Rait *t Ohio pfd 9114
Canadian Pacific... 800 125 124% 124%
C*n of New Jersey 161%
Chesftpeake & Ohio. 300 31% 31% 31
Chicago & Alton 371,:
Chi & Alton pfd : 77
Chi Preat Western. 100 13*. 13% ia*i
Chicago & N W... 200 170 170 169
Chi. Mil & St P.. 2.700 143% 143% 143>i
C. M & St P pfd... 200 178% 178% I7S
Chl-Term A. Trans. nu
Chi T 4 T pfd 15S
C. C. C & St Louis . C9ii
Colorado Southern A jai
Colo South ldt pfd 48>4
Colo lecuth 2(1 pfd 20
Delaware & Hudnon 3,500 157>£ 15C?4 1MH
Del. Lack A West 270
Denver Ac Rio G : ... «»i
Hen A Rio' G pf d . . . 100 63 «9 «j>
Erie 500 23% 23% _,-{*i
Krio 1st pfd 500 58% CS% .18%
Erie 2d pfd 3314
Hocking Valley ;... .,.. - .... g3
Hcckins Valley pfd .... Tfiu
Illinois Central l.Wrt 132V» 1.T2 IJfls?
lowi Central 200 "1S% 16% 18
Iowa Central pfd . . *..... 34 •
K C Southern.... .' «\
K C Southern pfd.. 200 42% 42 4;
Lcul.« & Na?h. 1.700 110% 110 loiSa/
Manhattan L 0.70O ]*>0M 140U ltn-k
Metropolitan Sees.. fl,«^iO K4% 73*i Ki
Metropolitan St Ry. 53.CO0 Ilt3",4 111 14 114%
Mexican Central... im 7-v. ,1 . .
Minn & St Louis.. ICO 4t' 44 42
M. £t P & S S M-. 100 00% C6% c«%
NEW YORK. July 1. — Some excited specu
lation In the Metropolitan traction stocks was
the feature of to-day's market, and saved it
from the lethargic condition expected on the
eve of a three days' holiday. Other New York
stocks ehowed ume sympathy, as they always
do with one another. Prices ruled generally
above last night, but the fluctuations in some
of the market leaders were not above %. The
time money market was called slightly firmer,
but this was* largely a sentimental effect on a
slightly Increased demand for money In con
nection with the July disbursements. Call
money railed to get above H4 P«" cent during
the day. Union Pacific and Southern Pacific
scarcely stirred on reports of May net earn
ings which were- regarded as favorable. The
reaction In the New York stocks In the last
hour affected the general tone and the clos
ing was easy. Total sales of bonds, par value,
$1,720,000.
A combination of circumstances has made
this week one of the dullest In the stock mar
ket for many years past. The most obvious
cause for this was the decision of the Stock
Exchange authorities to clon* the exchange on
Saturday as well as on Monday. July 4. An
other special factor In the current small deal
ings is the crusade by the exchange authorities
to prevent arbitrage operations between the
board room and outside markets. This is an
operation for making the profit of a differ
ence in simultaneous prices in two markets
by selling In one ax.d buying In the other. Only
the most dlnct communication between the
two markets makes It feasible, and such com
munication Infringes laws of the 'Stock Ex
change. The summary removal of telephone
communication of a number of firms from the
floor of the Stcck Exchang:- served cs an ad
monition to the whole membership to refrain
from this kind ef trading. Stress has been laid
also on the political outlook In an undeter
minate condition, the Government's report of
crop conditions and the extreme conservatism
existing in all business and enterprises., and
which Is accurately reflected in the stock mar
ket. There have been no really Important de
\-elopments durinc the week toward solving
the uncertainties and efforts to stimulate
activity in stocks have been futile. The week's
advices on the crocs were mixed and baffled
the f-fforts of operators In stocks to malce any
consistent interpretation of them.
A general eense of eontentmtnt over condi
tions may be inferred from the «ib«'nce of
pregruxe to liquidate in the market. Showings
of railroad earnings are mixed, but the aver
age of erosE earnings for .Iun» Is eomewhat
better than last year, and traffic officials
have expresed hopes for future husinesi ¦ with
rather greater confidence. The reports of net
earnings for May. however, have made poor
comparison* with the previous year, and re
trenchment In opera tlj« expenses is counted
a vital necessity for trftrovin*- the net return.
Such retrenchment has continued at various
points, report* pointing especially to cutting
down the worklns fores on the Pennsylvania
eyftero.
The broad demand for bonds has movec
many long dormant 'Issues, but these usually
Inactive bonds have been only moderately
artlve and have Included Irregular nwvements.
I'r.ii'd States 2s have declined %. and the
old Is registrwd have advanced "4 per cent on
call duricc the week.
New York Stock Market.
FLOUR— California Family, Extras. $4 60fp
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5OQ4 80:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85©4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 60: extra cream do. S4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 30; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buck
wheat Flour $4 50@4 73:' Cracked Wheat. $4;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oat*, bbls $7 25@S 60; In sacks. $6 73*?
8 10; Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK. July 1. — Close — Money on «all.
very easy; n.(?l>., per cent; closing bid, 1 per
cent: offered. 1 per cent.
Time money, firmer; sixty and ninety days.
?1?2% per cent: six months, 3^©'3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3%©4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bill* at $4.S71O@4.S715 for
demand and *4.t»5_5@ 4.8530 for sixty-day bills.
Posted rate*. $4 86 and $4 88.
Commercial bills. $4 &5%.
Bar Erilvtr, 57VtC
Mexican dollars. 46*4 c.
Bonds — Government, steady; railroad, firm.
Nc7u York Money Market.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
FIGS — 4OSJ5OC for single-layer and 60©75c
for double-layer boxes; large boxes from tha
river. $1 50. » -¦-.:- ' •
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 5C®_ 50 per crate;
Watermelons, l%c per lb. ¦
GRAPES— $131 25 per crate. .":-,
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 2393
per box. as to size and quality: Valencia*.
$1 50@2 50; Mediterranean Sweets. $1 50©2;
Lemons, $2 50-B2 75 for fancy. $1 50©l 75 for
choice and $1«1 23 for standard: Grape Fruit.
$1 50©2 50; Mexican Limes. $4©4 50 per case;
Bananas. $-t?3 per bench for Central American
and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $1 509
2 50 per dozen.
CHERRIES — In amall packages. 60®S5c;"tn
bulk. 8®10c per lb for Black and 6<gluc for
Royal Anne.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. 5C375C;
baskets 25<g40c: in bulk l%«2»^c per lb. .
APPLES^ — Large boxes. 75c«&$i 10; small'
boxes. So-'gSOc ; baskets. _3<@35c.
PEARS — um">c per box for small greea ra
rietles and $1 23<31 75 for baskets.
PEACHES^ — IC®73c per box or basket; largs
open boxes. $11M 25. -r- .
PLUMS— 65<gs3c ' per box. crate or basket;
Tragedy Prunes, 90c@$l per crate and 75c per
basket. C -
Local trade in deciduous fsuit-t was quit*
active for Friday, which is generally a dull
day. and prices for choice stock in sma'.I pack
ages were pretty well maintained. Apricots
In bulk showed some weakness under Increased
receipts from the river, and only fine lots of
fancy yellow brought the top quotation. Th»
canners were offering $'J0i{r_5 per tori for white
and up to $32 5o for yellow and secured' a fair
quantity at those figures. Receipts of Royal
Anne Cherries included some small and other
wise poor stock and prices had a wider rangs
In consequence. Loose Black continued scarca
and firm. Currants were firm under light.sup
plies, only 12 chesta being received, and fancy
lots of the Cherry variety continued to com
mand a small premium. Thompson Seedless
and Black Sultana Grapes appeared from
Coachella and Arizona and sold s>iowly at *l<u
1 23 ptr crate. Melons wer* steady at un
changed rales and another carload of Water
melons was marketed. There was nothing new
to report In Citrus or Tropical fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50©4 per chest for
Longworths and $-@3 50 for the- larger va
rieties. ' :-¦••
LOGANBERRIES—$2 5O©3 per chest for
red and $2 50©3 for black. ..;,
BLACKBERRIES— $-t 5o#l per chest. •
RASPBERRIES — $4^6 per chest..'
CURRANTS — 50:§70c P«r drawer.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
firmness, so far as spot supplies are concerned,
with supplies light and holders confident. Com
men are quoted at 4g5%c; prime, 5%©6c;
choice, 6Vi«jt5%c; fancy. 7c. Prime, fruit for
future delivery is offered at 5c.
PRUNES — Coast advices indicate that future
prunes are still offering from some sources at
2c on the four size basis f. o. b. the coast.
The xpot market is quiet and unchanged, with
quotations ranging from 3%c to 5%c, accord
ing to grade.
APRICOTS — Are attracting some attention
for future shipment, but are quiet on spot.
Choice are quoted at 0%&10c; extra choice,
10U<*10%c: fancy, ll_?13c.
PEACHES— Remain quiet, with choice quot
ed at 7_*7 hie; extra choice, 7%@8c; fancy, 9%
610c.
SUGAR— Firm; fair refining, 3 3-16c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3 15-16c; molasses sugar,
3 3-ltic; refined, firm; crushed. 5.70c; pow
dered. 3.10c; granulated, 5c.
BUTTER — Easy, with sales of extra cream
ery in the street on the basis of 18 %c. Cream
ery, common to extra. 13@18c; State dairy,
common to extra, 13@17c.
CHEESE — Easy. State, full cream, small,
colored and white, 6%@8%c; large, colored and
white, 6%<gSc.
EGGS — Steady to firm. Western extra se
lected, 18®18%c. ;-. ;
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOI Steady. . V- -
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed weak at a decline of 15&20 points. To
tal Kales. 3O.U0O bags, . Including: July, S.SOc:
August 5.90c; September, O^itJ.lOc; December,
6.30®6.40c; March, 6.55<g6.60c; May, 6.80@6.85c.
Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 7c; mild, steady;
No. 7 Rio. 7%c; Cordova, 9%@12c.
WHEAT— Receipts and exports, none. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 07 f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 00% f.
o. b. afloat. Options were slow all day, clos
ing at a partial decline of lc. July, S914@
89'4c closed 8£»?%c; September. S3(g«5%c, closed
S5%c; December. S5%eS5«4c, closed 85%c.
PETROLEUM — Easy.
HIDES— Steady.
NEW YORK, July 1.— FLOUR— Receipts. 26,
200 barrels; exports, 10,200 barrels. Dull, but
steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 1.— The day was a short
one. many making preparations for the three
days' holiday. Buyers of dry goods showed
elijrhtly more interest, but transactions were
of small moment. No one seems to have con
fidence in the stability of the market, though
recognizing need of goods In fair Quantities.
Nezu York Dry Goods.
Futures opened steady; July, 10.20c: August,
10.13c; September, 9.63c; October. 9.47c; No
vember, offered 9.47c: January, 9.49c; March,
0 55c.
NEW YORK, July 1.— Spot, steady; mid
dling uplands, 10.65c; middling' Gulf, 11.10c;
sales. $555 bales. -. ¦
Nciu York Cotton Market.
CHEESES — 8%tf9c tor choice mild new and
78Se for lower grades; Young Americas.
94&10%c; Eastern. l_%@14c; Western. 118120
per lb. - . \
EGGS — Ranch. 20©23c for fair to choice";
store. lt;i;ll>c; Eastern. 1D&20C for' firsts and
16%S13c for seconds. • #. .
The bnlla still have possession of the Butte*
market, as will be seen by the <juotat4ons, but
tnere is no longer any excitement. Moat deal
ers are disgusted with the turn affairs __»•*
taken during the past several days and are.
letting the market go about where it pleases.
Receipts are still larg«. but. as already men-"
tloned. the demand this year Is larger than
ever before at thl3 season, probably as the.
city Is much larger and needs more supplies,
and this helps the bulls to keep up prices."
Besides, there is a very fair shipping der_an<l
from Interior points. . - j • -
There Is no further change In Cheese. **"•%
Eggs rule steady and strictly fine ranch con.
ttnue In light supply. The situation remain
as previously stated. '¦•>. . --:. . -*»; s -
Receipts were »7.«C0 lbs Butter. 1045 case*
Eggs and 24.200 lbs Cheese. .
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, _l<9_2o
for extras and ltmavc for firsts; dairy. 16@lSc;
3tore Butter. 13<ftl5c; cold storage, nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
S 50; Broilers. $3@4 for largs and $_©3 SO
for ¦mall; Pigeons. SI 6O per doseo. for old a_4
$1 BOei 75 for Squabs. • .
GAME— Nominal.
12Oth meridian time. San Francisco. July 1:
fill I = H
3,2= e _
STATIONS. »: 2. o -3 gs
c e •» V n_
: : I ? Ff
: : :
Cloverdale S5 47 .. Clear .00
Colusa S3 69 •• Clear .00
Eureka 5S 64 N Cloudy .00
Fresno »6 58 NW Clear .CO
Hanford 99 5« .. Clear .00
Holllster 86 49 W Clear -00
Independence OO 62 TV Clear .00
King City 88 49 N Clear .00
Lirermore S4 49 .. Clear .00
Lo« Angelea SO 58 SW Clear .00
Merced 97 47 .. Clear .00
Newcastle 92 80 SE Clear .00
Newman 96 63 .. Clear .CO
Palermo 93 56 . . Clear .00
' Porterville 07 59 .. Cle_r .00
Red Bluff JXJ 66 SE Clear .00
Riverside 93 49 .. Clear .00
Sacramento 82 54 S Clear .00
San Dle?o 70 62 W Clear .00
, San Francisco 58 50 W Clear .00
San Jose 76 54 .. Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo 78 52 NW Clear .00
Santa Rosa 73 50 . . Clear .00
Ptockton 65 60 .. Clear '.00
Willows 91 60 8 Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDTONS.
Haniord — Excellent prospects for fruit and
rrain.
King City — Morning foggy.
Palermo — Weather still favorable for crop.
Stockton — Grain harvesting In full swing;
grain generally of fair quality.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Cloverdale — Berry crop about the average.
Holllster— Apricots ripening slowly; good
crcp.
San Jose — Peaches coming fast; quality
good.
Newman — Conditions same.
Livermore — Apricots and plums ripe.
Willow* — Weather conditions favorable for
all crop*.
GEORGE H. WILLSON.
Silver advanced %c Variation- In Exc_anra
were 1II1 Til li liWjiP ullfll
Th» gold yen brought up from Japan by
the Korea were consigned to the following
banks: Nevada National. 2.400,000; Hongkong
and Shanghai. 1.200.000; International. 900,000;
total. 4.GOO.00O.
Since December 1. 1903. the local bank*
have received 73,353.'000 gold yen. valued at
about $36,600,000^ from Japan.
The value of the Mexican dollar for customs
purposes has been fixed at 43.8 cents for the
quarter beginning July 1. For th* past quar
ter the rate was 45. 5 cents.
LOCAL.
Stertinr Exchange. «txty dayt... — M 83 *i
8terllng Exchange, sight — 4 «7%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 83%
New York Exchange sight — «7V»
New York Exchange*, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — fi7U
Mexican Dollars 40ft 9 46fe
INTERNATIOKAI..
New York on Mexico ....213
Berlin on London *.... 20.40H
Parts on London „.._......... ..25.19
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets continued
firm, with higher Liverpool futures. Chicago
showed little change, but cables were strong
and cash prices were well maintained.
This market was dull and unchanged. The.
Exchange adjourned at noon and will hold no
more sessions until Tuesday.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27%$1 32%; California
White Australian. $1 62%@1 57%; Northern
Club. $1 30@l 35; Northern Bluestem. $1 50
61 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 27% $1 27% $1 27% $1 37%
No afternoon session.
BARLEY — Futures were easy and quiet. The
cash grain was steady with gales of some
3600 racks new Feed to a miller at 96%698%c.
The Exchange will hold no more sessions until
Tuesday. • . ¦:-_ ¦-• ;
Stocks in regular warehouses and "on wharf
July 1 were t>662 tons, against 11,121 tons
June 1.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 0Ui«l 02% for old and 95cft$l for
new: old Brewing, $1 06@l 10; Chevalier,
$1 02%@l 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close^
December ... 94 94 93% 93%
. No afternoon session.
OATS — Stocks In warehouse and on wharf
July 1 w#r«> 790 ton?, against 1820 tons June
1. quite a falling off. .-. *¦¦
The market yesterday was very dull and
unchanged.
Old crop — White $1 30<@l 38; Black. $1 159
1 20; Red, $1 2O@i 25. New crop— Red. $1 15
@1 20; Gray. $1 32%@1 37% per ctL
CORN — Stocks In warehouse and on wharf
July 1 were 429 tons, against 200 tons June 1.
The market shows no change whatever, and is
of a holiday character. •_>
Western sacked. $1 4501 47% for Yellow.
$1 45©1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 45©1 50; small
round do, $1 Wa\ 60; White. $1 45©1 50 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 30@l 35 for White and
$1 25®1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75Q2 per ctl.
The Holiday Close.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Local ami Eastern exchanges adjourned over the Fourth.
Wall-street Stocks steady on th e day. .
Sifzrr lAe hither. Exchange about as before.
\'hf.:ii dull. Fair movement in nezc cash Barley.
Oats, Com and Rye as before quoted. C
flay easy anU very dull. Feed stuffs unchanged.
Bears and Seeds still inactive 'at previous prices.
The hulls siill in possession of the Butter market.
- Eggs steady, with tight supplies of farcy ranch.
Provisions quiet, but firm at ]\ ; estern points.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Potatoes fall back under increased receipts.
Onions easier. Vegetables continue plentiful.
Poultry, still weak, with a daily carry-over.
Fresh Fruits in active demand and steady.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Money— ' lU S Steel 9%
Call loans 2®3%! Do pfd 55%
Time loans 3©4% Westing Common. 77
Bonds — ¦ Mining —
Atchison 4« 101% Adventure ....... IK
Do adj 4s 93 lAllouez » 8'i
Mex Central 4s... 61%i Amal Copper 49%
Railroads — lAmer Zinc 9%
Atchison 72<&j Atlantic 7
Do pfd 93%IBingham 2*
Boston & Albany.244 | Calumet & Hecla.4fiO
Poston & Maine.. l«t%lCentennial 20\i
Boston Elev 14S I Copper Range 42%
Fitchburg pfd 13*?mDaly West 23%
Mex Central 7%i Dom Coal 41%
NT N H & H..190%| Franklin 7^
Pere' Marquette. . . 78 IGrancy 3
Union Pacific 88VS Isle Rovale 7
Miscellaneous — Mam Mining .... 3%
Amrr Arge Chem. 13% Michigan 3%
Do pfd 73 Mohawk 40
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 IMont Coal & Coke 3%
Arrer Sugar 127 (Old Dominion ... 12
Do pfd 12« jOsceola 60«4
Amer Tel & Tel. 129%) Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 10%!Qulncy M
Do nfd 70 1 -! I Shannon 5aj
Pom Iron &- S... R%lT«marack 87
Kd Elect Ilium.. 243 (Trinity 4>'.
Ocn Electric ....157 It; S Mining 21"-;
Mass Electric 19 I U S Oil 9%
Do pM "2, 1 Utah 3«%
Mass Gas 39%! Victoria '2K
United Fruit 101 IWinona 6V,
Un Shoe Mach... 4!> '4! Wolverine 73>4
Do pfd 29 Vi\
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
M.StP _ S E U pfd 200 124H 124V* 123tf
Missouri Parific 1,800 0034 90% 90ft
Mo. Kan & Texas. 100 lfi}; jc»i 16^
M. K & T pfd.... 200 36?i 5«ii :$CH
Nt! R R Mex pfd .* .. 36% •
New York Central. feOO 115X4 115 114*4
Norfolk £z Western. 1C0 C0?4 5C*» 5«
Nor & Weet pfd .'. ...'. 85
Ontario) <_ Western. 7,<J00 26*4 26% 26^
Pennsylvania 6.800 ll« 115% 115%
P. C. C & St Louis * S8
JJeadln* 2,700 45«i 43% 46-ft
Reading 1st pfd «•_ j
Reading 2d pfd 300 <J7% CT 07 j
Reck Island Co 600 20>b 20% 20Vi '
Rock Island Co pfd 100 C3 C5 64% |
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 45
St Louis S W 100 11 11 lUi
St Louis S W pfd 27%
Southern Pacific... 6,400 47Vi 46** 46%
Southern Railway.. 1,000 2Hi 21^ 21%
Southern Ry pfd 85%
Texes & Pacific 500 23% 22^ 22V4
T. St L & XV 500 24ii 24 23%
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 37% 37% ! 37H ,
union Pacific Y,400 8S»4 SSU ! 88=*
Union Pacific pfd .' 93
V/abash 13%
WabaEh pfd 3:5^
Wheeling &. L E 15 j
Wisconsin Central. 100 16*4 16"£ 10%.'
Wisconsin Cen pfd 37 fi
Express coni:>unies —
Adams 225
American -, .... 18S
United States 104
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 700 50% 49% 49%
Am Car i Foun.. 3.500 16 14% 15
Am Car & F pfd.. 500 71^ 71 71^4
Am Cotton Oil 26 ii
Am Cotton Oil pfd 88
Am Ice 10O 6 T i 6*& «%
Am Ice pfd 900 27',i 26% 27%
Am Linseed Oil 6%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 24$
Am Locomotive 1.100 19% 19»i 191;!
Am Locomotive pfd 200 S2 S_ 81 ij
Am Smelt & Ref.. 6.400 55Ti 54T4 6514
Am S & R pfd 900 »7Vi 9«*4, 9tJ"i
Am Sugar Rfng... 40O 127 127 127
Anaconda Min Co .... 72
Brooklyn R T 21,300 49% 49 49^
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 100 30^4 MV* 30>i
Consolidated Gas... 4,600 ISOVi, 1»2?4 192%
Corn Products .... 10&
Corn Producu pfd 66 '
Distillers 1 Secur. .. 200 22% 22% 22^
General Electric... 900 157i/» 156% 15«Vi
Inter Paper 200 12 11% - 11%
Inter Pper pfd 100 69% <»% 69H
Inter Pump 28V4
Inter Pump pfd * 72%
National Lead 300 20 20 20
North American... 100 87 87 S6&
Pacific Mail 800 28 27 27U
People" s Gas 200 07% 97%' 97%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 26V4 26^
Pressed Steel C pfd 70^
Pullmn Palace Car. 100 220 220 218
Republic Steel * 6^i
Republic Steel pfd. 100 41 41 41.
Rubber Goods 100 16 16 15*4
Rubber Goods pfd 774
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 100 35 35 25
U S Leather 300 6% 6% 6%
U S Leather pfd... 300 80% 80 SO
U S Realty 200 5% 5T» 5Tg
U S Realty pfd 58Mi
U S Rubber 800 16% 16 15%
U S Rubber pfd... 900 66% 65*, 65%
U S Steel 1 1.600 9% 9>* 9%
U S Steel pfd 4,600 56% 55% 55*»
Westing Electric !&*_
Western Union 8C%
Total sales 194,700.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 1.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid 3%. asked 4%. Preferred-
Bid 3S%. asked 38%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%!L &. N unified 4s. 100 i
Do coupon 104%! Man con gold 4S.105
lyo 3s reg M5 (Mex Central 4s... K2
Do coupon 106 j Do 1st inc 13%
Do new 4s reg.l32UIMinn & St L 4s. 90
Do coupon 1:12^1 M. K &. Texas 4s. &SVJ
Do old 4s reg.lO«Vi| Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 1CC&INR of Mex con 4s 78
Atch gen 4s 103 IN Y C gen 3%s.. 99%
Do adj 4s ..... 94 IN J C gen 5s 132
Atlantic C L 4s. 97 I Nor Pac 4s 104
Bait 4: Ohio 4s. ..103 I Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s 94% I Nor & W con 4S.100U
Central of Ga Ss.llO'-ilOSL 4s & partiC. 97%
Do 1st inc 74~II'a conv 3%s 96%
Ches &. Ohio 4 %s. 105%! Reading gen 4s... 99
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78 S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
C B & Q new 4s. 95V S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
C M _ SP gn 48.107V* St Louis SW lsts. 95
C & NW con 76.128% I Seaboard A L 4s. «9
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69 | So Pacific 4s 93%
Do col 5s SO I So Railway 5s 115
C.CC & SLgn 48.100%! Tex & Pac lsta.llS'i
Chi Term 4b 74 IT. St L & W 4s. 7U4
Cons Tobacco 4s. 61%IUn!on Pacific 4s..lO3'4
Colo & So 4s M%| Do conv 4s 99%
C F &. I con 5s. e9 jU S Steel 2d 5s.. 76%
Den & Rio G 4s. 9fli«j Wabash lsts 117J-4
Erie prior lien 4s. 9*Hi Do deb B 57
Do gen 4s MUIW & L Erie 4s... 91i$
F W & D C lsts.lO1%|Wis Central 4s... 89%
Hock Val 4%s...m7%i
J ": " NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief ..... 05
Alice 251 Ontario 3 00
Breece 10i Ophlr 2 90
Bruns Con 05jFhoenlx 22
Com Tunnel O7iPctosl 17
Con Cal &. Va... 1 O.*.;Savage 15
Horn Silver 1 45! Sierra Nevada.... 30
Iron Silver 1 521 Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con ... Oil Standard 2 00
St. Louis Wool Market.
_____
ST. LOUIS. July 1.— Wool, steady; In fair
demand; medium grades, combing and cloth
ing. 1&@24%c; lisht fine. lB^lUc; heavy fin«.
l-®15c; tub washed. 20@33c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. July 1.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 69c; bluestem. 77c; valley. 78c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 1.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
bluestem, 79c; club. 66c
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 1.— Clearings. $600,035;
b-Iances. ?128.658.
TACOMA. July 1.— Clearings. I297T.50S;
balances, f 50, 052.
PORTLAND. July 1.— Clearings, $627,870;
balances, J175,3S9.
SPOKANE. July 1.— Clearings, $328,223;
balances, (50,172.
&Wt dines 10<S> — I Crawfish — ** —
Shrimps — ® — I Crabs each 15S2S
Shad 1OW— I Mursels. lb 12H015
Striped Bass . ..15«?20|Oy stern. Cal. 100.40SrO
Perch If 4?— I Do Eastern. dz.3O@4O
Pomplno — @60[
The market Is abundantly supplied with
summer Fruits and Vegetables and nearly all
kinds are selling at reasonable prices. Oranges
and other, Citrus fruits are becoming scarce,
but there are enough coming in to satisfy all
needs, and prices are unchanged. Green Lima
Beans are added to the list of Vegetable*.
Fish. Meats and Poultry stand exactly the
came as quoted last week. Wild Doves are
on the market again.
Common Eggs are a little dearer this -week,
but good ranch are unchanged. Butter is
plentiful and Is still selling at the long-estab
lished rates. • /
COAL, PER TON.
Wellington .$—©10 001 New
Seattle $— @ 8 50| Wellington $— @10 00
Roslyn $— @ 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ..$— @ 9 60 Nut $— @ 8 00
Greta $— @ 9 00 Coos Bay ?— @ 7 50
DAIKY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, cholce.sq.4u@45|Eggs, per dozen
Do good .....30©35| Ranch 2n@30
Do packed, lb. — @25l Common — ©22H
Cheese Cal 10®lo Honey, comb. lb.l5@2Q
Chees*. Eastern. 20^25 Do extracted .. 8©10
Cheese, Swiss ..25® 30
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.73c@*l| Ducks, each ....t!5c©$l
Do small 50@60|Geese. each. ..— ®$1- 60
Young Roosters | Goslings $1 75@2
each 75c©? 11 Pigeona. pair ... — @30
Old Roosters, ea.5U.ttt;.* Sauabs. per palr.G0<870
Fryers, each . ..U5&75 Wild Doves, dox. — ©$2
Broilers, each . .3o@20 Rabbits, each . .-tMji-5
Turkeys, per lb.25@27:Hare. each — ©23
MEATS. PER POUND— •
Roast Beef (Mutton Chops ... — ®15
choice cuts ..lD®20jFork Chops ....— «?15
Do plain 10©12W|Veal Cutlet* ....lStflS
Roast Veal...l2^©15|Corned Beef ...'.— H 8
Roast Pork ...12HP15 Btef Stew 8@10
Foreqtr Lamb. — $ipl2%| Mutton Stew ... 5@ 8
Hlndqtr Lamb.. .— @15| Veal Stew ....10@12«4
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8©10!Soup Meat 5® 10
L«v Mutton . ...@ — 10; Soup Bones .... 4@—
Tndrloln Steak.l2H<B15|Hf.m« ;.-...15ei«
Portrhse Steak. .1S02O Bacon 15@2»
Sirloin Steak.. 12V4015 I ork Sausage.. 12^ CIS
Round Steak ..10©12mChipped Beef ...2i*9—
Lamb Chops 10'g20!Lard 12%©—
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears.ea.20(ff25! Grapes, lb 12>4©15
Almonds . ..15(820; Limes. _o« 10^15
Apples 4@ 81 Lemons, doi 10©3O
Apricots, lb — @ 5| Loganberries,
Blackberries, per I per drawer ...2OC?25
drawer ..;... .25®35jOranges.;Cholce,dz_5<&CO
Cranberries, qt. .— il25\ Do common ...16<@2O
Cherries lb . ...15«20| Peaches, lb 6<® 8
Currants lb 8®10|Plum3. lb «@ 8
Cantaloupes, ea. Wil5| Pears, lb ....... 4<8 5
Pecans — 0 201 Pineapples, each. 25^50
Brazil Nuts 20®— Raisins, lb 1O#15
Eananas do* ...25<S35| Raspberries, per
Chestnuts 15@20 drawer -^®40
Cocoanuts, each. — 010 Strawberries,
Figs, dried, lb. . 6010! per drawer ...25*MO
Do fresh, lb... 5@10! Tangerines. doz..l5#20
Goosbrries. Ib.l2t4fll5! Walnuts, per lb.lS«2«t
Grape Fruit. dz.76c<841| Watermelons. ea.2O©40
VEGETABLES — : .''
Asparagus, lb.lO@12mi>ek«, At bunth.15^20
Artichokes, do*. 40@50j Mushrooms. lb..50c©$l
Beets dozen 10® — Onions, per lb... 3@ 4
Beans. ¦ whlte.lb. S'?— Okra. dried. lb...20fJ—
Colored, per lb. 5® — Do green, lb.. — @30
Dried Lima, lb. — © 6 Potatoes, old. lb.lV»i^2
Green Lima ... — ®2O| Do, new. lb... 4® 5
Cabbage, each .. ryplOi Parsnip*, per ds.l5<a2O
Celery, head ... 5©10| Radishes, d* bch.l5©20
Cress, dz bunch.150— I Rhubarb, lb — <3 3
Cucumbers, do*. 20tfT25| Sage, dz bnches.25<© —
Garlic 8010; String Beans, lb. 6@ 8
Green Peppers,lb.l5J?25| Summer Squash.
Dried Peppers ..10®20| per lb — «> 5
Egg Plant, lb.. 150— I Spinach, per lb..— <3 5
Green Peas. lb.. fi® fllThyme. dz bnehs.25«S30
Green Corn. doz.20S»50' Turnips, per doz. — ©15
Lettuce, per doz.l5@30j Tomatoea, lb.... — ®15
FISH—
Barracouta — ©IB'.Rockccxl — <T15
Carp lOtflZHlSea Bass —015
Catfish —m\2V,\ Smelts — C15
Codfish — iffl2V4lSoles 10015
Flounders 1O« — | Skates, each ....10fll5
Halibut 15«J— Squid — <»—
Herring 8S10I Tomcod lOift —
Mackerel .. .—&— ITurbot 20S—
Do horse 15©— (Trout —675
Roekflsh — ffll2^!Whlteflsh lOff—
Salmon, fresh . .l*.i@201 Clams, rallon ...600—
Do smoked ...15-«25I Do hardshell, lb 8«10
Family Retail Market.
Albany 2.071.S72 .... 27.5
Portland. Or...... _,B1O.5U1> .... 11.8
Kcirt Worth 2.53S.102 1«.'J
Toledo. Ofcio 2.750.001 .... 11.4
Salt Lake City 2.74C.5S- 3.7
Peorla 1.904.S09 .... 24.3
Atlanta... 2,030,813 2.2
Rochester 2,600.670 .... 24.8
Hartford 2,1«4, 6S3 .... 30.2
Nashville 1,073.242 .... 21.0
Des Mcines 1,873,478
Spokane, Wash.;. -1,816.570 ..;. 8.0
Tacoma 1,824,025 9.5. ....
Grand Rapids 1.7.n,GtiO 5.9
New Haven 1.SS5.C44 3.7
Dayton 1,395,575 .... 26.1
Norfolk . l,3tJ8.842 l.l
Springfield, Mass. 1,477.301 41.9
Worcester l,04t>.5ttl .... 35.8
Portland, Me 1.403.516 17.7
Augusta. Ga l,O0K,057 73.3 *
Topeka 709,163 36.7
Sioux City 1.001.1C5 .... 10.1
Syracuse... 1,070,620 14. 4
Evansvllle 1,005,007 9.5
Birmingham 1.17«.2»7 .... 17. S
Wilmington, Del. 1.177.853 3.6
Knoxville .... 1.167,589 6.2
Davenport 651.877 .... 37.8
Little Rock 475,652 .... 23.9
Wilkesbarre - 907,133 .... 10.0
Fall River 511.263 31.0
Macon 227.180 .... 57.8
Wheeling. W. Va. 623,250 33.7
Wichita 096,031 .... S5.8
Akron 570,100 .... 22.(5
Chattanooga 704,824 .... 2.4
Springfield. Ill 636,822 3.1
Kalama-oo, Mich. 620,168 .... 3.2
Youngstown 453,207 .... 42.2
Helena 503.542 .... 30.4
Lexington 562.312 21.3 ....
Fargo N. D 3U7.739 2.7
New Bedford 312.057 .... 20.7
Canton, Ohio 450,000 .... 18.5
Jacksonville, Fla. 720,782 13.2
Lowell 410.112 .... 3.3
Chester. Pa 481.866 .... 21.8
Greensburg. Pa... 3C6.221 .... 23.9
Rockford. Ill 30.%7&4 .... 4.8
BInghamton 411.700 .... 1.4
Springfield. O 359,219 »... 11.8
Bloomington. III.. 273,884 .... 26.4
Quincy. Ill 287.367 .... 16.9
Sioux Falls. S. D. 204.752 .... 5.1
Mansfield. Ohio... 159,991 .... 27.7
Deeatur. Ill 196.S38 27.4
Jacksonville. III.. 223,746 13.2
Fremont Nebr... 122,897 83.7
•Houston 6.6S4.S0O 3.7
•Galveston 7,415,000 18.3 ....
tCharleston. 8. C. 744,429 .... 16.4
Cedar Rapids 350.305
Totals. U. S....$l.S21,548,013 .... 2OJ9
Outside N. York 741,023.628 .... 18.0
, CANADA.
Montreal '....S19.2tt2.934 7.2 ....
Toronto 14,571,484 13.4 ....
Winnipeg 6,212.229 34.1 ..:.
Ottawa 1.682,410 1.8 ....
Halifax 1,613,103 6.0
Quebec 1.63S.100 4.1 ....
Vancouver, B. C 1,581.148 39.3 ....
Hamilton £92.131 13.1 .;..
London. Ont 734,022 14.3 ....
St. John, N. B 018.S06 2.1 ....
Victoria. B. C 504,763 6.5 ¦....
Totals, Canada 148,601,172 11.0 *
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
tNot° Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. ->
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Continued on Pa_:e Fourteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£» OF ¦ £»
75 HORSES AND HARES-75
AT THE EMPORIUM SALES YARD. 220 VA-
LENCIA ST.. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, at 11 A. M. '
THIS DAT. :
SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
By order of c_: Pine Box Co I will sell 73
horses and mares ringing In weight from 120O
to ltOO pounds; 5 to 8 years old- All good
workers. This stock was used at one of their
camps In Shasta) County, which ' has sine*
closed down, stock can be seen at yard any
tUn " *rom now until date of salej
_, Fol L further particulars inquire at CaL Pine
Box Co., Rial to building or of " " • :;
JOHN. J. DOYLK. Auctioneer.
Office Sixth st.
_fe_ te» . _&a
One Hundred and Twenty-Five
Horses for Sale!
By order of Wm. Juell of Rocklln. Cal.'-* "?
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION 123 horse*.
This consignment consists of a qhotc* lot of
young geldings and mares, broken and un-
broken, weighing from 1000 to 1400. pounds-.
Sale takes place oa - "
Wednesday, July 6, at II a. m.
At J. B. KORAN'S BALE YARDS, corner
TENTH AND BRYANT 3TS.
Horses can be seen at yards at any Urn* *
previous to sale. '-" ,~"
S. WATKIN3. A-Ctloruter.
j_a j_s Jfe»
Just Arrived.
SO KINE DRIVINO and WAGON HORSES' all
WELL BROKEN. SEVERAL MATCHED
TEAMS AND BLACK SADDLE HORSES.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE E3CCHANG-V " '
24C Third st.. Near Folaom.
WM. O. LAYNG. Auctioneer..Am a. dressing; and color restorer, Parker**
Hair Balsam never fails to satisfy.
Parker's Ginger Tonic alleviates suffering. •
United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday made an order remov
ing John Kerr to Honolulu" for trial
on the charge of beating | and wound
ing Frank Ramos on board the trans
port Buford in the harbor ' of Naga
saki.
Kerr Removed tor Trial.
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday announced the following eli
gible list of engineers in the- Fire De
partment as the result of the recent
examination held therefor: . Herbert
J. Temple, 91.8 per cent; William M.
Mullen. 90.5 per cent; John J. Doug
las, 89.5 per cent; Edward F. • Doug
herty, 88 per cent; Matthew J. Can
non, 84.4 per cent; Charles F. Ander
son, 82.4 per cent; Albert H. Spiegel,
79.4 per cent; Thomas J. Daly, 79.1
per cent; Timothy J. Sheehan, 78.5
per cent; Joseph A. Fitzpatrick,. 77.9
per cent; Almon S. Robertson, 77.2
per cent; James H. Timon, 75.9 per
cent;' Joseph W. Belden, 75.5 per cent.
Eligible Engineers.
The First vRegiment. Uniform Rank.
Knights of Pythias, under command
of Colonel W. J. Kidd, will go to
Napa; to-morrow. It will be in
camp for three days and will partici
pate in the Fourth of July celebration
at Napa. ' McKinley Company No. 3,
Captain J. K. Ritter commanding, has
chartered the steamer Zlnfandel.
which will leave Mission-street wharf
at 1 p.'.m. on Sunday to take the sev
eral companies of this city and Oak
land'to Napa and back.
The members of the subordinate
lodges have been invited to go with
the San Francisco companies and par
ticipate in the celebration.
San Francisco Company Nto. 56,
Captain D. E. Masten commanding,
will enter the competition drill and
Tiopes to bring back the first prize.
The. trip is under the management of
Colonel D. V. Gilder, Colonel - Otto
Schiller, .Captain J. K. Ritter. Cap
tain D.' E. Easton, Lieutenant J.
Basch, M. A. Cunning and M. B. Kim
ball.
Take Part in the Fourth of
July Parade.
Companies of the Uniform Rank Will
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
BOUND FOR NAPA CITY
D. J. Calhighan, a stevedore, was
taken into custody yesterday morning
• by Customs Inspector Whearty for
smuggling. Under Callaghan's blouse
were hidden thirty-six silk caps on
'which the duty had not been paid. He
had just come- off of the steamship
Kjorea.
Smuggler Caught.
• .Sparkling: with the spirit of the woods, frag
'rar.t with the air of the country, the sons of
Kirds and the scent of flowers Is the Outing
Number of tha San Francisco News Letter.
, It Is "a guide post, to the city-wearied, who
seek a* haven of rc?t and enjoyment.
In addition to the outing features the News
. Letter h:if ii';t neglected its usual duty as the
metropolis* fbetitor and guardian «jf morality.
*Xhe tloartmtnts are handled in an able man
j tser by the highest salaried writers. Caustic
<-riticiEm gract-s the pages of the Merlins
weekly, and the news of th«> week is given
public utterance in a way that must please
,.'.) ir-afTers..
The college prof*>Esor who conveniently
. trims hU po'iUcal Fails and becomes a Repub
lican to suit the tas-te of his personal friends
Is mof=t properly lampooned. The candidate for
Presidential honors who preaches the gospel
<>! temi>erar»ce and. the antl-horeer&cing cru
fade 1» «xposed through the utterance of his
« wn nwi^aiier. land a hundred other evils are
."*.iven a" just caEtigatlon at the hands of the
bright young men on the News Letter staff. •
" -The Business Man's Delight,'
For a few minutes yesterday morn
ing the Custom-house clerks and bro
kers on the main floor were thrown
into a tumult by the desperate at
tempt of George Wilde Branch, a
clerk in the naval office, to commit
suicide by stabbing himself in the
throat with a steel eraser. Branch
was demented as a consequence of a
nervous breakdown, which had been
in progress for the last three years.
The life of the demented man was
saved by the prompt interference of
Clerk Daniel Gorham, who seized
Branch and disarmed him. The
wounds are two, and neither touched
an artery. Branch was sent to a san
itarium.
In the drawer of his desk were
found a razor, a loaded revolver and
a Japanese dagger, and It had evi
dently been the clerk's intention to
use one or more of these weapons
upon himself or some imaginary en
emy.
Branch's wife died several years
ago and he took to drink. He was
then afflicted with dropsy and weak
heart and until within a few months
ago had been an inmate of a sani
| tarium in Berkeley for about a year.
i Since his return to work it was ob
; served that he had flighty and moody
i spells, but as lie always did his work
promptly and well and was courteous
nothing was thought of it. At ha!f
'past 9 o'clock yesterday morning
Chief Clerk E. Ty. Maslln observed
that Branch was tinder the influence
of liquor and he reproved him for it.
Branch received the reproof with bad
grace and went to his desk mutter
ing.
On making his first appearance in
the office in the morning Branch had
told Clerk Gorham that he feared
that something dreadful was about to
happen to him and he requested Gor
ham to take care of him should the
contingency arise. After Branch had
gone muttering to his desk Gorham
stood near him. Suddenly and with
jout a word of warning Branch picked
up a steel eraser and jabbed himself
viciously in the throat. Gorham,
Maslin and others sprang upon the
desperate man, who continued his at
tempts to stab himself, and succeeded
in wresting the weapon from him.
Branch's position is that of general
clerk and his salary is $1600 per an
num. He was appointed on August
14. 1875.
Daylight Excursion to Stockton.
or to Antioch and return. 50c. The steamer
Columbia w-ill leave Washington-street wharf
on Sunday. July 3. at U a. m. For nartlc»l*ni
inquire Union Transport Co.. phono Main 5724. •
Check Was Worthless.
A. K." Brooke Ridlej* swore out a
warrant before Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of P. K. Jack
son on a charge of passing a fictitious
check. Ridley alleges that on June
25 Jackson hired an automobile from
Ex-Judge Maguire appeared for the
union and T. C. Van Ness took care
of the case for the plaintiff. Judge
Hunt suggested that as the points in
volved were new here in the courts it
would be well to submit the present
case as a test and try it upon facts.
The attorneys for both sides agreed
with him and it was decided that the
Stablemen's Union should answer on
Tuesday next and that the trial should
be held on Thursday. (
Upon the point involved there has
been no judicial ruling this side of
Chicago and there is an anxious inter
est in the outcome of the pending case.
The Citizens' Alliance is backing
Pierce's prosecution of the union.
A test case is to be made in the
courts involving the right of labor
unions to maintain pickets and prose
cute boycotts against persons and cor
porations employing non-union labor.
Yesterday was set as the day for Judge
Hunt to hear the order to show cause
why the injunction against the Stai 'e
men's Union should not be made per
manent on application of E. G. Pierce,
proprietor of the Nevada Stables,
whose business has suffered from the
pickets and other representatives of
the union who have tried to divert his
patrons.
Steps were taken to prevent peddlers
descending t6"the beach from the drive
way through t,he openings for pedes
trians by placing stakes in the en
trances. The peddlers have brought
suit to restrain the board from order
ing them off the beach.
Complaint has been made that hood
lums enter the Japanese tea garden at
night, owing to the fact that a por
tion of the addition to the grounds is
unfenced. The superintendent was re-,
quested to, have the matter attended
to. The board adjourned at 4:30.
The Board of Park Commissioners
held its regular Friday meeting yester
day afternoon at 2 o'clock, and many
subjects of importance were discussed.
The first matter for consideration was
the award of contracts for tea, coffee,
sugar and flour for the children's quar
ters and the Japanese tea garden for
one year. Also contracts were given for
the supply of hay and feed. John
Rothschild & Co., Hooper & Jennings,
H. Huddleston & Co. and West, El
liott & Gordon were the successful bid
ders on groceries. H. Aigeltinger and
Somers &. Co. received the feed con
tracts.
Frank J. Symmes, on behalf of the
Merchants' Association, appeared be
fore the board to request that the leave
of absence granted Mr. Wilcomb be ex
tended thirty days. Mr. Wilcomb has
charge of the exhibits in the San Fran
cisco department at the fair. The re
quest was granted.
Tho report of Acting Superintendent
J. M. Cleary referring to the park
preparations for the Knights Templar
conclave was accepted.
A petition from property holders was
presented to the board requesting the
Commissioners to stop the speeding of
automobiles on the Ocean drive as en
dangering the safety of pedestrians.
The superintendent was requested to
ask that a policeman be stationed on
the drive to arrest automobne owners
that break this law!
The Stablemen's Union No. 8760.
A. F. of L... will hold a mass meeting
at the Turk-street Temple this even
ing, where the present strike and thf
difficulties existing between the union
and the Stable Owners' Association
will be discussed. The members of
the Owners' Association will be re
quested to attend the meeting that
both sides of the controversy may be
heard.
Unionist* Invite Employers.
Supplies for the Children's
Quarters and the Japa
nese Tea Garden Accepted
George W. Branch of the
Xaval Office Loses His
3Lind AVhile at His Desk
Injunction of Livery Stable
Proprietor Is to Be
Tried in Court on 3Ierits
Trachoma Is Granulated Eyelids.
Murlne Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strung.
A favorite in the home. •
UNIONS MUST
DEFEND ACTS
PARK BOARD
AWARDS BIDS
CUSTOMS CLERK
STABS HIMSELF
the Automobile Transit Company. -423
Post street, for himself and party of
friends and tendered In payment a
check for $27 50 on the California Safe
Deposit Company, purporting to be
signed by "H. E. Morse." No such
man has an account there.
cent displays of fireworks will be given
at Eighteenth and Dolores streets and
at Union and Stockton streets.
The following committee is In
charge:
Colonel Charles Boston (chairman), George
W. Edwards (secretary). J. A. Vaughan (as
sistant secretary). Colonel J. C. O'Connor
(grand marshal). Colonel D. Geary (chief ot
staff). Fred N. Bent, Rev. William Rader,
Thomas F. Finn. Max L. Rosenfeld. Rev. T.
Caraher, Rev. M. S. Levy, Henry Bruner, F.
H. Hllbert. Walter Gallagher, Hamilton A.-
Bauer. Frank French. GeorRe B. Benham, A.
Goustiaux. Frank Markey, Stephen A. Byrne,
John J. Sweeney, Charles H. Sommerlad. A.
B. Treadwell. Jesse A. Galland. Stephen G!a
nettonl. T. J. Sullivan, David Costello, M. H.
Squires.
The main committee is divided into
the following subcommittees:
Parade — J. C. O'Connor, Henry Bruner, T.
J. Sullivan, Frank Markey.
Literary — Rev. T. Caraher. Walter Gallagher
Rev. William Rader. Rev. M. S. Levy, A. b!
Treadwell.
Music — John J. Sweeney, Jesse A. Galland,
Hamilton A. Bauer.
Fireworks — Charles H. Sommerlad, Frank
French, M. H. Sauires.
Printing ar.d press — George B. Benham
David Costello. Stephen A. Byrne.
Finance — Max L. Rosenfeld. Fred N. Bent,
Thomas F. Finn.
Decoration — A. Goustiaux, Stephen Gian-t
tonl, F. H. Hllhert.
A reward of fame and money awaits him
who supplies our needs with something- better —
as "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey." Wlchman, Lut
gen & Co., Battery. S. F., proprietors. •
He is amply provided this year with
means for creating noise. The youth
who will experiment with dynamite in
a toy cannon and the boy who will "not
know it was loaded" are io be the ob
jects of special consideration. Dr.
Stephen of the Emergency Hospitals
has ordered his entire staff to report
for duty on the Fourth. Un
less the victim of excessive pa
triotism Is distributed over too
great an area Dr. Stephen guaran
tees to patch him up. He wants his
staff present in force, in order that, in
case of a rush, the right limbs will be
sewed on the bodies to which they be
long.
Of course the Fourth would not be
fittingly celebrated without a parade.
Every military and quasi-military or
ganization in San Francisco will march.
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, with 175 aids,
will lead the procession. The bugle
will sound "Forward" at 10:30 a. m.
At 2:30 the literary exercises will
begin at the Alhambra Theater. Rich
ard Jose, the tenor, will sing "The
Sword of Bunker Hill" and a chorus
of 100 voices will render other patriotic
songs. Judge Frank Murasky will de
liver the oration of the day. Concerts
will be held at the following parks:
Columbia Square, South Park Square,
Duboce Park, Jefferson Square and
Bernal Park. In this manner the na
tional airs will be heard in all parts
of the city at the same time. Magnifi-
The two hundred and twenty-eighth
birthday of the nation will be greeted
with all the patriotic enthusiasm that
befits the occasion. From dawn to
dark the pandemonium of fireworks
will reign, and throughout the night
watchfires will blaze on the hills. The
greater part of a Fourth of July cele
bration belongs by right to young
America.
THREE CITIZENS WHO WILL BE
PROMINENTLY IDENTIFIED WITH
FOURTH OF JULY CELEBRATION.
The Sobrante was granted to Jose
and Victor Castro by the Mexican Gov
ernment in the spring of . 1841. The
tract consisted of 19,982.49 acres. The
Castros deeded away the entire prop
erty two or three times, and certain un
located parcels of it many times more.
Most of those who thought they had
secured the whole or a part of the prop
erty assigned their titles to others,
who in turn sold and devised their
claims to others yet. There were mort
gages/sales and transfers without num
ber according to the record. Then there
were others who had' settled on por
tions of the land and who claimed own
ership.
•The contests appear to have begun
shortly after the Castros acquired their
title. The court could not delve very
deeply into the early disputes through
lack of data. The case just decided
was begun sixteen years ago.
The heirs of Edson Adams and asso
ciate claimants under a deed by Victor
Castro get a portion of the property
they sought. Emily B. Hopkins,
against whom Adams brought suit for
a part of the land he claimed, gets 232
acres. The Tripp faction loses its con
test. A part of the John Wilson claim
is allowed. Wilson was supposed to
have received one-tenth of the Sobrante
as a legal fee for proving title.
The action against some of the "set
tlers" Is barred by the statute of limi
tations; in the cases of others the Ad
ams faction wins. Sarah A. Wilson and
her associate claimants lose their fight.
The deed of Victor Castro to John
Frisbie and Ramon de Zaldo is held to
have been illegal and to have invali
dated a large number of the claims.
The Supreme Court has handed down
its final decision in the Adams-Hopkins
suit, and the prolonged litigation over
the Sobrante is at an end. The argu
ments of the scores of claimants to the
valuable Contra Costa County property
are all answered, and there can be no
further appeal. The great tract of land
is divided into numerous sections, more
than forty ¦ lawyers have one less case
on their hands and the courts are rid
of a hopelessly tangled suit. Most of
the original litigants have passed
away. • •¦
'John R. Wood lost his position as
• paying teller of the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank because of the publicity riven to
• the charg-es made by his wife. Ada M.
• .Wood, in her- suit for divorce. Mrs.
: Wood commenced her proceedings on
June J6 and alleged that her husband
.* had been unduly Intimate with Louise
'Tyler, postmistress at Mill Valley. Mrs.
i Wood asked the court to allow her $150
a month alimony, 5100 costs and $300 at
torney's fees pending the hearing of the
case. Wood was cited to show cause In
• Judge Graham's court yesterday as to
¦why the amounts should not be paid,
and he ¦was so" successful in making a
showing of poverty that Judge Gra
ham ordered him to pay only $30 a
month for the support of his wife, and
disallowed the demand for attorney's
fees and costs.. Mrs. Wood's attorney
said that under the circumstances he
•would waive attorney's fees, but was
' only anxious to get something for the
! support of his client.
¦ ' Wood's plea of Inability to pay was
. made in an affidavit filed by his attor
neys'. Knight & Heggerty. In It he de
. clar'ed that he owned property In Mill
Valley worth $6600, that it was mort
pagred for $2550 and that his debts
" amounted to $11,000. In personal prop
". erty he owned a saddle horse worth
$150. three saddles worth $50 and a few
"jewels of" nominal . value. The showing
on' the wrong side of the ledger was
surprising for a bank clerk, and he
pave it in detail as follows:
At the. time his wife commenced her
" action for divorce he was employed by
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank at a sal
'- ary of $275 a month, and the day after,
because of the publicity given to his
• wife's charges, he was discharged from
' his position. At that time he was and
1 is now the owner of five parcels of
realty in Mill Valley. On two of the
' lots -was located the residence in which
he and his wife lived before the action.
This was rented for $50 a month, and
hf says six? received the June rent. It
was .valued at $4500 and was mortgaged
: fur $2100. He declares that .maliciously,
• and in «rder to further ruin him, she
removed and secreted all the furniture
. and fittings in the house, and he was
" tcmpelled at great expense to replace
• the articles removed. The three other
"" parcel* of land, he s.ays, are worth $1SOO
: - and he owes $450 on them. The value i
"vof all is $6600 and the mortgages
amount to S2550.
Since he lost his position, he says,
. he has be^n unable to get another and
*. is living 1 at the home of his parents.
• lie has not more than $25 in cash. He
• says he owes $4760 50 for borrowed
" raoney, and on a suit" for payment of
' that debt all of his real estate has been
attached. He owes $3400 to the Crocker
• Bank, by which he was em
"jiioyed and $33 50 to Henry Steil and
• $200. to the Italian-American Bank.
Wood s"aid the demands of his wife j
were unreasonable. The court held the ;
same opinion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
'"by Max UpQwftz against Ellen Lipo
; vitz for desertion, Doris D. Benton
against John D. Benton for neglect, j
Frank Bllyue against Katie Frances
" Eilyue.for desertion and Amelia Butler
•figainst P. C Butler for cruelty.
Acting Presiding Judge Graham yes
. t^rday ordered Robert Gilmer Hanford,
" mining millionaire, to show cause on
' J.uly 15 why' he should not pay his wife,
Margaret Hanford, $400 a month ali- 1
". niony, H00 attorney's fees and $250 1
<opts pending the trial of her 'suit for |
divorce. j
Says He Owns Property, but
Owes Twice Its Value.
Living With His Parents
Contests Date Back to the
Years When the Mexicans
Held Sway in California
CLAIMS ARE ADJUSTED
CAXX0T PAY ALBI0XY
Supreme Court Eenders Its
Final Opinion in Famous
Adams-Hopkins Land Suit
John E. Wood Says Wife's
Charges Cost Him His
Position in the Bank
ENDS DISPUTE
OVER SOBRANTE
PAYING TELLER
LOSES HIS JOB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1904.
Regular and Volunteer Soldiers "Will March, Trumpets
Blare, Orators Speak Words Full of Patriotic Inspi
ration and Watch Fires Blaze on- Many a Hillside
ARE READY TO WAKE ECHOES
ON THE NATION'S BIRTHDAY
16
HALE'S. \ ;. T* UuETS.
Saturday Extras at Hale's
Monday, July 4th, tke Store Will Be Closed All Day ¦
Extra inducements to lead you to do your extra buying at
If you share in these
95c Wash Skirts To=Day
You'll do unusually well at an unusually good time. . For
what woman does not want a cooler summer skirt for her out-
ing? Think of getting it at 95c — getting it as perfect in fit
and style as any cloth skirt. «'•£?:
Some of coutille, in black and white and blue and white,
full seven-gore flare, with deep hem, and each side gore trimmed
with stitched straps on the bias— 95c. *:?.:r.;>
Others in white pique, trimmed with 4 bands of beautiful insertion—
gores on the bias — an entirely new effect and at 95c. i No woman who
wants a new wash skirt will want to miss seeing them on the. id floor
to-day at 95c. V ¦ • . - •
The Latest Ideas. Roller Skates 48c Pair
Veilings and Veils Roller extension skates— those
Tt,- 11 x. An u • i-. j ebonized wood rollers with strong
•They are all here. All bright and i cat her straps. It's another lot-so
! e Jiw vS? f«r es ti? ot ,E? nt T? g -n ma °y b °y s and g^ s wil1 be as * lad
JLir^i, m £ 1 i T to hear of Jt "«« are glad to teli
SSVat e i^kb« t tir? klieWailda them of it to-day. At 43c pair.
At an 5 d wh? S'^IS SrStSK 35S Special Interest for Men in '
and blue and white, black, gray, red C««*»«. CUimt tir/**
and champagne — or all blue— the rattCy OllirtS, OJ /2Z
Sr^2lS n i-i y £?V tyle3> Wlth em * Stlff bosoms— made of. fancy per-
broldered lace borders. cales— light or dark materials— pretty
And there are chiffon hat veils — with striped and figured patterns— separate
hemstitched borders and chenille cuffs to match. The short bosoms that
dots here and there — some are plain men like — all sizes. 14 to 17 well
hemstitched— these 65c, S1.50. made— they fit splendidly— 37 %c Sat-
urday.
Buy Window Shades sOc for fl
Odd Widths— Odd Prices. M « f i « ¦*+*-
2 oo of them-with cords, brackets, If NeW f ?f 4t f h h '
etc. 22x30 inches wide-7 feet . " we £ ould put » few °*-them
long-we want to sell them all re to /\ ow y , ou ho^ v P"" y « ho^
to-dav If vou have a window new and how Iow P nced thc y arc!
have, here s a bargain you ought ness buckles.
not to miss. Crushed Dresden silk effects, with
T-? Tjr . ><-. , | C r , small gold harness buckles.
1 he Water Colors IOC Each; Soft leather belts — crushed effects, in
Worth 30c and 40c blfckles 01 " whlte ~ wlth fanc * 8llver
The Oil Colors 25C Each: Fancy silk styles— crushed effect, with
_ .. , A ' dainty colored silk embroidered dots
Worth 70c. and gold buckles.
U J IKf j l-v «_ But yOU Wil1 haVC tO SCe thcm tO
Hand-Made PanOChe appreciate their beauty.
§ Ay at 3 ( 5c [ b A c u New Silk Gloves
Its delicious, far ahead of the 7*. tj/.^,. it c .t
average panoche you buy-made 1 ° lVear <™ the Fourth.
from pure ingredients, filled with The height of style and double
grated nuts — it's a rich candy, tipped. "The Amsterdam."
We hope we have enough to go a t Kn c fln( j 7^
around -we were fortunate to get At 0UC &na * OC
it at all to sell at 35 C lb. WUh ernbroldery
Chocolate chips, 30c — usually 40c — 5 to IVi. 50c
Trowbridge's chocolate chips — mo- '
lasses center — most liked candy of »• , * n. *~> : .
the day— 30c lb. to-day. HOSC at 1 OC FOOt
Chewing: gum— a packages 5c — Sweet R e jT U I ar t^i^ c an rf i;p vaWt_i «1,.
Sixteen — regular 5c packages — buy RC8Uiar >•-/**¦ anc j \ D<- values — 4-pIy
for over the Fourth. Buy at Hale's — — you may need it to prevent 4th
2 packages for 5c to-day. of July fires. ' .
. TEX BEAUTI FULLY
; ILLUMINATED
"* ' ART SUPPLEMENTS
Deginnins with tlie Issue of
July 10th
THE SUNDAY CALL
Will issue a scries of the hand-
eomest Art Supplements ever
i-siicd by a paper In the
United States.
Look at this attractive list:
1. "A Grass Widow," bj- Bry-
fion.
2. "Footllght Favorites," by
Bryson.
3. "Temptation," by Bryso n .
4. "Tlie. Girl in Yellow," by
Bryson. . ,
5. "Innocence," by Bryson.
6. "Constance," by Richter.
7. "Rosamond," by Itichter
" 8. "Mother and Child," by
Kiciiter.-.
' 9. "Head Over Heels," by
Brown (H. A.).
10. "A Serious Case," by Rose-
land.
Be sure to collect this scries.
EVERY ONE A WINXER.
THEY ARE HUMMERS.
MABKS BROS.
t 75c Silk Bells, 25c.
'^KI'SlS / 1 GROS GRAIN SIKK BELTS with fancy
TL^^K ft. X 5-Q#l/| buckles— GIRDLE EFFECT.
\ amikm^Zr 20c lmm Wei 8 ht Vests - IOc
filJril 'JuVk. &HIItT WOMEN'S COTTOX LOW NECK.
trimmed
c//r 35c Wom8n ' s H °se. 23c.
II MACO YARN J1OSK. wilh doublf heel and
ftMi^rs t0f> - Fast black— manufactured expressly
for MARKS BROS.— particularly nice for
**&4Wt \ vT^-\ AT summer wear. ;
Nothing as dressy ur us cool as one of ff "v^v""^?N
these LINEN WASHABLE SHIRT <_^V'*^/^ V \« »*-3>.~A
WAIST SUITS like picture. Plain tailor / *'^C"" : '' U
tucked style front and back — dashes of / 1 Jy k *\ >J ~^
red or. white — full flaring walking length s ~'-t~ V^ "*?
skirt. ,vS v> .\_ ¦>
,-*r^$3fei- FLOWING MESH VEIL as pictured Is one
F£5ZiV&i ot the newest novelties. 1% yards long.
•i&^ Tf All colors.
$kW "*) WHITE DRESS as pictured, made of an
plfgant quality of lawn. Deep Bertha
i-T^^vSrWhtf^^ trimmed In embroidery. Yoke of hem-
& xks P>\ U « r*l etltched tucks and insertion.
<~ r H™®' -Snappy Ribbon Specials..
: /C^J(^Fw^ Heavy Satin Gros Grain Ribbons
\l^j/m If /!¦]%( i2 % c ¦ Wn*. 2 K inches CJV/a~>
\^/jf\ p v/ijivS . wide - -O/tC
\J/-.. I ' \\\ 20c kind, '3 inches wide Q-*
>TTv'. : -•..__ jjil !| ffl ••¦*¥ ¦-£< OC
n \ ' 1/ M Pji ' ' 25c 'kind, 3>£ inches .1 f\f^
gg'©{jj|nr*~' / S '^ E wide 1 vC
Vji lL )\ i™yrs\ Monday, 4th of July;
CLOSED ALL DAY!
f\/\ 't^tumX 'jr- «-¦* * T"> itmj^L *—?• e Home of Honest Values.
1 T lLa.r, JbCS I31TOS* 1220-1222-1224 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Efe * * 7/ ¦'¦*?? v>
D e velopfn^
AT CUT PRICES.
I'm the original cut-price man.-
Nevertheless. I give the best service
and the highest value. Try me with
an order — and you'll continue. Here ¦
are some prices:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of six. 10c; roll of twelve. 13c ' ¦
PRINTING.
Sol to finish. 3c to 5c: velox finish. 3c to
6c. I have a full line of popular sizes in
DAYLIGHT LOADINO FILMS .". '
at the lowest prices. Mall orders promptly
filled.
THAT MAN PITTS^.
F. VT. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET, above Powell.
San Francisco.
Early Calif ornians
Remember their first view of the
Golden Gate*
SBI Golden •
Coffee
At breakfast will renew pleasant
memories.
J. A. Folger & Co.
Established Hall a Century.
¦ «¦¦•«¦ pleU * ni1 P«nn*neat eaaitito.
MvlnfilM Write at onca for IS. to
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.