War News Continued on Page 3.
MADRID, .July;, 10.*— General Toral,
who commanded the 'Spanish garrison
at Santiago when -that; place surren
dered to the United: States forces, died
to-day at- an asylum for the insane
near , here. : .The •, general /became in
sane brooding over his capitulation.
Spaniard V»'*io Commanded nt Santiago
¦ Dies 1 ii Asylum for; Insane."
GENERAL TORAL ISi DEAD.
HOSPITAL PATIENT ENDS
JUS LIFE BY HANGING
Yours Man Is Allowed Temporary
Leaxe and Immediately
Kills llimsLlf.
REDDING, July 10. — George Nel
son, a young man of Weed, Siskiyou
County, who entered a private hospital
in this city on July 7 for medical
treatment, asked the matron to be ex
cused this evening, went to the wood
shed and hanged himself with a
clothes line. He was dead when
found a few minutes later, his" neck
having been broken. He had become
despondent over his condition.
Quarrel Between Sailors on the Peru
1 -.Man Schooner Corona Ends
-' ' In Tragedy. .
REACHES PO1.T WITH -V ¦''
., 5IURDERER IN IRONS
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July
10.— The Peruvian schooner" .Corona
arrived here this 'morning, seventy
two days from San. Buenaventura,
with one man in irons in her.lazaretto
and one missing. On June 2 a quar
rel arose between two of the hands.
The officers apparently quelled the dis
turbance/ but two . hours later it was
renewed and before it. was stopped a
sailor named Simons had been stabbed
to death by a man named Buflno. The
prisoner -was brought ashore here this
afternoon and lodged* in, Jail-. ¦ -': .
Rains Flood Llaoyanjr's Streets.
-sLIAOYANG, July 10. ¦ — Notwith
standing the proximity of the Japanese
the Chinese inhabitants are calm • and
are following their usual occupations.
The.' heavy rains of the last ten days
flooded -the -streets and squares, and
the : roads are' like swamps. Traffic 'is
greatly:, impeded ;,- -'i , . . :
Utah Republicans to 3lect.
SALT LAKE. July 10.— The State
convention of the Republican party to
nominate candidates for all State of
fices, will be held in this city Aurust
W* . . ...
.. KINGSTON, . Jamaica, . July j 10.—
General *Huertas,' commander-in-chief
of th&" troops of the Republic of Pan-;
ama, with liis' staff, arrived here' to-|
day on' the steamer La Plata. General
Huertas' is going to Europe .to 'study
the' military systems; of Great Britain
and Germany and will, remain abroad
for twelve months. -The Panama Gov-'
ernment, voted; $50,000 for the pur-
WILL SEEK KNOWLEDGE ** - *
OF WAR IN FOREIGN LANDS
Commnndcr or Troops of Panama to
Spend Year, in Europe Studying
T Military Systems.
SUEZ, July 10. — The Russian volun
teer fleet steamship Smolensk, wh'.ch
passed through the Bosphorus, from
S»-bastopol, oh July 6, has* sailed south
ward ' from here. The vessel took two
Red Sea pilots, one for herself and the
other for the volunteer fleet steamship
St. Petersburg, which passed the Bos
phorus or. July 5. coal laden, and which
was reported at Port Said on Satur
day.
It is rumored here that the trans
ports intend awaiting the arrival of
the Russian Baltic squadron In the
Red! Sea.
AWAIT BALTIC SQUADRON.
WASHINGTON., July 10.— In de
creeing that Washington pollocmen
must ," give up the use of toothpicks
while on duty. Major Sylvester,
Chief of the Capitol police force, has
established a new record in rules gov
erning -men. , The frequent observa
tion of the use of toothpicks by^po-
Ucemen on duty has grated on Major
Sylvester's sense of propriety to no
little extent.
Sight of After-Dinncr Luxuries . in
Officers' Mouths Jar* Washinstfon
Chief's Sense of Propriety.
POLICEMEN CANNOT CHEW
TOOTHPICKS WHILE ON DUTY
UTB. Iowa,' ; July 10.— A -,bolt ; of
lightning which. struck the hearse' in
which the bbdy.ofvFidesta M. Haskins
•was being -borne to the cemetery^ here
was the - means _ of clearing 'up j a
mystery. , . ' ;
Fifteen years ago Haskins. a proml-,
nent merchant of Clinton,; Iowa/went
to Cedar Rapids to visit relatives, say
ing he would- return in two weeks; : He
did not return. . Years went by and
finally 'his wife gaye. him up for lost."
She read- that; lightning had.struck f a
nearse and investigation revealed that
the body was that of her husband. < \
Ute is only twenty, miles.from-Cljn
ton,'and yet for fifteen years the hus
band had lived. h^ro. ; \ , v
Bolt Strikes ; Hearse. . Woman '. Investi
gates and "'Finds, the 'Body '. of ,
Missing Husband. " r
MYSTERY :OI? TILE ' DEAD}
3 CLEARED BY r LIGHTNING
Betts, who. was* formerly, employed
on the Gold Ray dam, was walking
with his family, on" the track near this
dam this afternoon. The engineer
whistled; but the sound of the warn
ing never reached .Betts' ears. He re
ceived a terrible injury to his right
side and died on the way to Grants
Pass. An Inquest will be held.
MEDFORD, Or., July 10.— The rush
of water pouring over a. dam in the
Rogue River drowned the warning
whistle of a Southern \ Pacific freight
train this afternoon, and Will Betts
was struck by the engine and fatally
Injured, while his -wife and child
looked on. . • - .
Noi&e of Rushing Waters Drowns
. Sound of Wurulnz Whistle Until
It Is Too Late.
KILLED BY- A TRA1X ,
IX PRESENCE OF FAJIILY
TACOMA, July 10. — Blown off her
feet and thrown into a stream caused
by a sudden cloudburst. Mrs. Jane
Waddel, who resides three miles south
of Prescott, floated nearly half a mile
before Ehe managed to escape the
floods and she is none the worse be
cause of her experience.
Mrs. Waddel is over 60 years old.
A heavy rainstorm caused her to go
out to look after her poultry. While
tryins to save her chickens she was
ewept off her feet and thrown into
the w£T*r. She climbed aboard a
floating section of fence. After reach
ing a place of safety Mrs. Waddel
walked back to her home unassisted.
The high water carried away fences,
Sestroyed a large acreage of crops
ind drowned hundreds of chickens
»nd turkeys.
Floats Half a Mile Before
She Js Saved.
Aced Woman Blown Into Stream
NARROW ESCAPE FROM
DEATH IX CLOUDBURST
The men were charged with high
way robbery and are also believed to
be horsethieves. This is their second
attempt. The first time they over
powered a deputy sheriff .and were
gagging him when he got hold of a
revolver and compelled them to sur
render. They are the men who were
suspected of being the Bidwell brothers,
the noted California bandits, and there
are those who believe the suspicion Is
well founded.
RENO, Nev., July 10. — Ed Arm
strong and H. T. Thomas made a suc
cessful escape from the White Pine
County Jail at Ely last night. A posse,
consisting of two Indian trailers and a
dozen deputy sheriffs, is now scouring
the hills of Eastern Nevada searching
for the fugitives, who are known to
be mounted and are thought to be
armed. ¦ ¦ • ¦
Prisoners Believed to Be the Notorious
Bidwell Brothers Break Out of
Nevada . Jail.
HORSETHIEVES MAKE
SUCCESSFUL ESCAPE
The fighting to the eastward of Port
Arthur, has been very heavy since July
•1. The Japanese ships along the shore
are shelling tho Russian positions on the
hills from daylight until dark, while
the artillery is -just as busy from the
hills. The smoke from the artillery on
the hills around Port Arthur is seen- al
most continuously." Dead and wounded
are being brought , In at all hours, and
many private. houses have been turned
into, hospitals. ' - . .
. Only skirmishes have occurred to the
northward. The main Japanese force is
ten miles away, but Japanese scouts
have been seen In -the vicinity of Ithe
marine "camp. Which commands the
principal .pass through the hills directly
back of Port- Arthur.
HEAVY FIGHTING EASTWARD.
TOKIO. July 10.— On Friday night.
July s. during a storm, a flotilla of tor
pedo-boats of. Admiral Togo's fleet ap
proached Port Arthur. On the following
morning one of the torpedo-boats found
and . attacked .the Russian cruiser
Askold.but- the result of the attack 'Is
unknown,. The "Askold fired upon the
torpedou-boat, two : petty officers being
severely wounded. * -
CHEFU. July 10.— A fair wind brought
a fleet of junkg .from Port Arthur to
day, . carrying both Chinese and Euro
peans. , Reports which they bring, of
conditions at "Port Arthur are contra
dictory,, but. they. all. say that a Japa
nese division from the northwardls In
trenching seven miles from the marine
camp,>while another division from the
eastward as fighting continuously, and
with the aid of the fleet is endeavoring
to gain a position commanding the town
and, the naval basin. .
.i. A Russian says that the Japanese oc
cupied the summit of Takushan Moun
tain, . which is- about three- miles from
Port Arthur, on the night of July 6
with a mounted battery of artillery.
On July. 7 the Russian cruiser Novik
and four, gunboats went out under pro
tection of the guns on Golden Hill and
shelled a- Japanese battery, which was
surrounded arid* captured finally by
Russian. infantrf. ;
¦ LONDON. July .11. — Special dis
patches to the Daily Telegraph and the
Daily Mail from Tokio assert that the
Japanese . captured eight . guns during
the fighting around Port Arthur on
July.4 and that they reconnoitered from
a war balloon.-
./"We're- not ; making any -unqualified
claims yet,". Dr. -Wyman said.' "The
worstseason for yellow fever is August
and September,- but; if- there was to be
a dangerous epidemic ' it . would very
likely .begin !to show, ; itself by this
time." '..'¦'. " .. • '- ; ' - '.-'¦'.. ¦ iiff
, F The principal work, of the health au
thorities consists In destroying the dis
ease-carrying' mosquito. \ Dr. Wyman
said" It" was. first rather- hard to awaken
people to the vital importance of the
work, but of: late public sentiment has
been: aroused to the desired pofnt. The
Governor .of Texas issued a ¦proclama
tion', oh- the subject, and in Mexico" the
Government' authorities are carefully
co-operating with the work being done
on this side of the border, j .
3 CALL :' BUREAU,' HOTEL. BARTON,
WASHINGTON, July 10,— Because , of
the unusual success attending the re-»
cent'effortsja.prevent the" annual out
break ' of yellow fever , In Texas' arid
Mexico, Dr! "Walter Wyman, surgeon
general^of -the marine hospital service,
confidently hopes the -disease will -be
forever stamped' out of -North America.
'.Since ;the; dangerous outbreak last
year, along .the border i between .Texas
and' Mexico systematic work 'of a pre
ventive •.-. sort- has been 'going on. and
up to;. to-day, not a single case of yellow*
fever can.be found In the regions where
it was rife last' August. Dr. Wyman
said to-day -that, he \ was receiving - the
best sort of co-operation from the au
thorities in Texas and Mexico, and was
gratified by the outlook. . / ' • .,;
Special Dispatch to The Call,
On the nights of July 2, 3 and 4 the
Japanese fleet bombarded the forts
from the south of the town. The forts
were not damaged. No further night at
tacks have been made since July i.
A Chinese mechanic from the Port
Arthur drydocks says that two largo
three- funnel ships have been missing
from the Russian fleet since the tight
off Port Arthur on June 23. The bat
tleship Sevastopol Is still undergoing
repairs and four torpedo-boat destroy
ers are in the drydock.
The Russians, on the other hand, say
that their fleet is intact and as a mat
ter of fact the Japanese, have been the
heavier losers In the recent- engage
ments off Port Arthur. The 'Russians
assert that the Japanese have lost no
less than ten torpedo-boats In their at
tempts to reach the Russian guardship,
which was protected by the stone-laden
ships sunk by the Japanese In their ef
fort to block the entrance to Port Ar
thur. The guardship anchored behind
the wrecked vessels. An entrance was
opened around the foot of Golden Hill,
but the remainder of the channel wan
closed with booms, making It impossi
ble for' torpedoes to pass.
Seven hundred Russians and 100 Chi
nese mechanics are still at work in the
dockyards af Port Arthur.
Some of the torpedo attacks by the
Japanese have been almost fanatical.
Frequently they have made attacks
where success was impossible, and
when the torpedo-boats have been sunk
the Japanese have refused assistance,
either committing suicide or fighting
off their rescuers.
Torpedo *Boat in Battle With the
Russian Cruiser jffskold.
The Senators had been at the World's
Fair grounds, and after, luncheon, were
returning to the' city in an autompblle.
The automobile ' was sailing down tne
smooth paVed street when, it < collided
with a car on. a cross street. '.The > au
tomobile was demolished and its Sena
torial occupants and the chauffeur were
violently hurled to the pavement.
Bailey picked himself up apparently
unhurt, but Tillman limped, as he
walked away. - - .. ; -, < ' „
"Neither Tillman. nor Balley.-would.be
taken to the city hospital, but boarded
a Pine street car and- went- direct 'to
their hotel. '-:¦ ¦¦.: . :v- •/';'..•
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— Senator Tillman
of North Carolina and Senator Bailey
cf Texas had a' narrow. '.'escape.' from
death at Jeff 4rson avenue and'Chest
nut street this afternoon. An automo
bile in which they, were riding .collided
with a Jefferson-avenue car. The auto
mobile was wrecked and the occupants
were unceremoniously spilled., out.. on
the avenue, Tillman sustained a
sprained ankle and Bailey was bruised
about the body. Neither was seriously
hurt and a few minutes after the. acci
dent they boarded a car, for. the Jeffer
son Hotel. ¦'•••* ' •
Special DlspatcVto The Call
Texas Forever Free
otilie Yellow
Plague.
RUSSIANS AT PORT ARTHUR BUSILY ENGAGED IN STRENGTHENING THK 1
DEFKNSES OF CITY TO RESIST ADVANCE OF JAPANESE ARMY. WHICH '
I '• IS GRADUAL.LT CLOSING IN AS RESTL.T OF DAILY FIGHTING. »
PORTLAND, Ore., July. 10.— Prompt
action by the police prevented a tong
war in Chinatown at an early hour
this morning. Cursing, muttering Chi
nese, armed with revolvers and knives,
were hustled back to their dens with
difficulty.
Over Bow Wo's store, at the corner
of Second and Oak streets, a number
of convivial spirits were enjoying a
Celestial game. They created so much
noise that a complaint was .sent to a
nearby police station and soon officers
appeared demanding silence. The
sportive heathen inferred that Bow
Wo. of a 'different tong, had made
the complaint. Epithets . in Chinese
and mongrel English were hurled
from the windows. Then the Japa
nese, women guests, alarmed, departed
and their hosts followed, to return
with arms. •:
The streets swarmed with Celestials
in a few moments and the police. were
compelled to shut up all. the stores
to restore quiet and order.
Gambling Affair in - Portland's China
town Almost Ends In High
binder Outbreak.
TOXG WAR AVERTED BY /
PROMPTNESS OF POLICE
Bailey and Tillman
Barely Escape
Death.
Admiral Cervera had repeatedly re
fused to permit his American admir
ers to so honor him. but. notwith
standing these refusals, the plan to
make the presentation was carried out.
The admiral, in returning thanks
for this manifestation of American
good will, said that his conduct to
ward Lieutenant Hobson and the
American sailors aft?r the sinking: of
ihe Merrimac had been Inspired by
superior orders.
MEDINA. Spain. July 10. — As a
demonstration of gratitude regarding
his conduct at Santiago and his care
of captured American sailors, Admiral
Cervera was presented here with an
engrossed message bearing the signa
tures of a number of eminent Ameri
cans, besides letters from the subscrib
ers, bound in a volume. The presen
tation was made by Mr. Bird of Vien
na, in behalf of his fellow-Americans.
sa;rr Expressing Gratitude for His
Treatment of Captured Sailors.
Present Orrcra With Engrossed Mes-
AMERICANS PAY TRIBUTE
TO SPANISH ADMIRAL
FEVER GERM
SURRENDERS
TO SCIENCE
SENATORS
IN AN AUTO
ACCIDENT
The seventeen dead were soon laid
beside the track and the injured car
ried to the nearby houses.
While physicians were being sent for,
women of Midvale brought bandages
and other articles that could be used
in caring for the injured.
An engine and cars were sent from
Little Falls to the scene of the wreck
and as rapidly as possible the most
seriously hurt were prepared for
transportation by train to Little Falls
and thence to Jersey City or. Hoboken.
All those hurt were eventually taken
either to their homes or to hospitals.
BODIES RECOVERED.
The accident is -believed to have" re
sulted <ff'o*n a- tower operator having
lowered his signal too soon. -The train
which was run into was a special j car
rying most of the Plattdeutscher Asso
ciation '* of Hoboken on their annual
outing. It-, consisted . of twelve cars
and two engines. The first engine had
taken water and the train had moved
up and stopped with the second engine
beside the tank, when the regular
train drew near. The flagman of the
special signaled the engineer of the on
coming train; but. owing to a curve In
the mad, hiB flag was not seen until
too late. It is claimed that the engineer
of the -regular train had slowed down
to about ten miles an hour before he
crashed into the special, but his en
gine tore through the rear car and
drove the forward end of that car
into the car ahead. The killed and In
jured were in these two cars.
The wreckage did not catch fire, and
the work of taking out the dead and
maimed was accomplished quickly.
Tho passengers from the uninjured
coaches ran back and joined in -the
work, and the residents of Midvale,
many of whom had heard the crash,
assisted them.
OPERATOR BLAMED.
NEW YORK. July 10.— Seventeen per
sons were killed and about fifty injured
in a collision which occurred at Mid
vale, N. J., just before noon to-day,
when a regular passenger train on the
Greenwood • Lake branch of the Erie
Railroad' ran 'into an excursion train
that had been stopped to take waiter.
Ail the dead and injured Jived in Hobo
ken. Jersey City and New York. The
dead : \
HENRY OTTERSTEDT. Hoboken.
WILLIAM WEIDEMEYER JR.. Ho
boken. " ' '¦-.'/
WILLIAM RENZ, New York.
MRS. ANNA LEMKOHL, New York.
WILLIAM LANE. Hoboken.
HENRY BECKER, Hoboken.
WILLIAM ROHFING, Hoboken.
WILLIAM WINDERKNECHT, Ho
boken.
GEORGE SCHEER. Hoboken.
HENRY KOCH. Hoboken.
ISIDORE MANSER, Hoboken.
FRANK HOLXWEDTELL (child).
Hoboken.
GEORGE McDERMOTT, Hoboken.
WILLIAM WISTOW.-West Hohoken.
E. K. KELLEY. Jersey City.
AGNES LEMKOHL (child). New
York. ¦, . ¦ -
BOY. name supposed to be Batterson.
The question of sending an American
fleet to Turkish vaters has not been
settled finally. If the President feels
that such a step should be resorted to,
with a view to bringing the Porte to
comply w'th the demands of the Unit
ed States, this -will tx? done.
a lav-less character. The Moslems at
once charged the Christians with hav
ing murdered the two men, and before
long the whole town waj thrown into
wild i xcitenent. Shops everywhere
were closed and tbfl Christians fled to
places of safety.
WASHINGTON. July 10.— The latest
advices from Minister Irishman re
ceived at ,the State Department show
that he is urging as forcibly as possi
ble that the Porte grant the demand
ruade by the United States that edu
< ational institutions conducted by
American teachers be given equal
rigrhts with other foreign institution*.
VIENNA, July 10.— A dispatch from
Constantinople says that American
Minister Lelfhman has handed a note
to the Porte saying that unless a prompt
settlement of the school question was
arranged a United Stajtes fleet would
er-pear in Turkish waters. The Eultan
ordered the Grand Vizier to comply
With the Minister's demands.
The American demands on the Sultan
are for privileges to schools and col
leges conducted by American teachers
equal to those given to foreign teach
ers; for permission for American pro
fessional men to practice on even terms
vith foreigners, and for the direct ac
cess ot the American Minister to the
Suirsii in the transaction of business.
BEIRUT. Syria. July 10.— What
threatens to L>ecome a general period
<>f unrest, such as was experienced a
year .ago. when an attack was made
upon American Consul Magelsen. has
bfgun in Beirut. On Friday afternoon.
June 17, two Moslems caught smug
gling arms and ammunition into the
Lebanon district were fired upon by
Turkish soldiers and killed. One of the
m»n killf-d had l>een for many years
Childers,' whose sworn duty it is to
prosecute violators of the Sherman
anti-trust law. not only failed to per
form his duty, it is alleged, but actually
went into court and boldly appeared
a.s champion of the trust and as counsel
for the defendant in a suit brought to
punish violations of the law.
Among Childers' political backers are
the -officers of the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company, including Paul Morton,
its president; the Rockefeller influence:
officers of' the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad and other powerful
financiers. Childers' most ardent sup
porters are the officers of the Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company. - ;
In April last the Independent. Coal
Company of Gallup, N. .M., began a
dnraage suit against .the Colorado. Fuel
and Iron Company charging that cor
poration, in connection- with the Atchi
son, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway,
with conspiring; to suppress competi
tion and violating the Sherman anti
trust law. United States District At
torney Childers appeared as accredited
counsel for the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company. Plaintiff's counsel immedi
ately notified Attorney. General .Knox
and requested Childers' immediate dis
missal from office. Attorney General
Knox postponed action and the Inde
pendent Company's . counsel filed fresh
charges with Attorney General Moody,
inclosing a copy of Childers' pleadings,
written on stationery of 'the Depart
ment, of Justice.
Attorney General Moody has de
manded a fdll : explanation, but
Childers has not yet replied. •
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, July 10.— The case of
William B. Childers, United States
District Attorney for New Mexico; who
was appointed by Cleveland and re
tained In office by McKinley and
Roosevelt, and who has been charged
with acting as attorney for the Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company, which
was sued in New Mexico for violating
the Sherman anti-trust law, has at
tracted much attention in the Depart
ment of Justice.
Epeci«d Dispatch to The Call
Disaster Said to Have B:en Due to Haste
of Tower Operator in -Lower
• .• ing Signal
Warning That Fleet Would Appear
in Ottoman Waters Has
Desired Effect
Attorney General Moody. Calls Upon
CMlders.of New. Mexico for
an Explanation, i
Compels a Prompt Settle
ment of the School
Question.
Passenger Train Crashes
Into a Special on the
Erie Road.
Defends Corporation Being
Sued Under the Sher
man Law.
Excursionists Meet
Death in New
Jersey.
American Minister
Brings AMul to
Terms.
Appears as Counsel
for an Alleged
1 'Trust
CHEFU, July u.— A European who left Port Arthur at 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon reports that the Japanese made a
torpedo "attack on Sunday morning, attempting to penetrate into the harbor. They were repulsed .without loss to either side." The
European further reports that on July 7 severe fighting occurred around Port Arthur. The Russians claimed tohavedriventhejapanese
back on all sides, but admitted a loss of more than 1000 killed. Seven hundred wounded are said to have arrived at Port Arthur on
July 8 and it was reported that more were to come in.
¦ ¦" • - \ ' . . " " '¦' * ¦ • ' ' ¦ . • • "-•.. ¦ ¦>
SEVENTEEN
ARE KILLED
IN WRECK
DUAL ROLE
OF FEDERAL
ATTORNEY
THREATENS
THE SULTAN
OF TURKEY
RUSSIANS ADMIT LOSS OF A THOUSAND
MEN KILLED IM RECENT ENGAGEMENT
WITH THE BESIEGERS OF PORT ARTHUR
TBS WSATESS.
TvTtauA made at Baa Ttzjx
cIboo for thirty honrs esdlsjr
mlflnigtt. jTUy III
San Fr&adaoo aad vicinity—
ralr Monday; fresh northwest
•wind. G. H. WECXSOir.
Xtocftl roreoactar.
XJLB .. TUATEBI.
Alctrar — "Xt&rtieaia."
Calif oraia — "The Honontbls Joha
*" r Hortli."
Central— "Alonir tie Mohawk."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Cousta Kate."
riscber's — "A X.ucXy Stcme."
Grand — "Mr. Baraei of V«w
¦ York."
Orpheum — Vaudavllle.
Tlvoli— "Bohtn Hood."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; JULY 11, , 1904.
VOLUME XC\n— NO. 41.
The San Francisco Call.Of the 4000 white settlers scattered
among the total population of 200,000
in German Southwest Africa, not much
more than 2000 are at present German
and these are very largely composed of
the military and official element.
ST. PETERSBURG, . July 10.— While
the Baltic fleet, on its way. to the Far
East, Is not likely to be able to get
coal at French ports, it is understood
that the contractors will send out coal
from these ports ¦ to meet - the .fleet
beyond territorial, waters. ., .-
Scheme for Coaling Baltic Fleet.
PLANNING FOR CAMPAIGN
IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY
Parties Set the Date for Their Con
ventions and Apportion the
Delegates.
SAN JOSE, July \0. — The Repub
lican County Convention has been
called for September 17. It will be
composed of 153 delegates, which
have been apportioned by the County
Central Committee. The Democratic
convention, which will be composed of
287 delegates, has been called for Au
gust 20.
These conventions will each,nomi
nate one Senator, three Assemblymen;
two Superior Judges, and three Super
visors.
The crookedest railway in the world
is one from Boswell to Prledens. Pa.,
the air line distance being five miles.
The ' roud doubles itself four times,
and at one point, after making a loop
of about five miles, the road comes
back to within 300 feet of itself on a
grade fifty feet lower. '
SAN JOSE, July 10.— Right at the
threshold of the County Jail a
horsethlef broke "away from Dep
uty "Sheriff Stewart about ,7 o'clock
yesterday evening and made his es
cape. A short time . before a young
man drove a horse and buggy into the
livery stable of G. W. Laverty on
North Market street ' and offered to sell
the horse for $75. He said he did not
want to sell the buggy. Laverty sus
pected, that the rig was stolen and he
went to the County Jail to, report."
S..H. Stripe, who lives on Center
road, came in about this* time and re
ported" the loss of his horse and buggy.
Deputy Sheriff Stewart' went over, and
arrested the' man. CAs Stewart got his
prisoner in ; front of the jail the fellow
broke and ran. There was a crowd "on
the : street . and . the officer • did not dare
to shootr The thief is about 22 years
of;-age.; -:. v . ;: ¦;'• "•¦", ..-..-•". -.¦¦.. ¦ . ;/
Young Man Accused of Theft Breaks
¦"'¦.•From Deputy Sheriff and
Dodges Into Crowd. \ '¦';
ESCAPES FROM OFFICERS
, AS HE ENTERS PRISON
SYAOLINDZI (on the railroad ' fif
teen and one-half miles northwest of
Haieheng), July 10^ — The roads . are
in bad. condition. Soldiers are biv
ouacking on the roadside. The Cos
sacks, as usual, are turning their hands
io everything, and, with long lines of
ropes tied to their saddles, are helping
the transport wagons through the
mud. •'
A field telegraph links the advance
with the base. Groups of operators
are at the stations, busily at work for
warding messages both ./ways.' The
country is green and- beautiful after
the rains. The Vinlataisk Mountains
remind one of the Crimea. The 'or
chards and post stations are well kept.
The soldiers are seemingly .comfort
able -and there is little sickness. :;
The Chinese are reported to be, very
annoying. They . are Blgnaling'; the
Russian movemnts from the mountain
tops. Scouts are continually- after
them, but they are hard to catch".
Signal Russian Movements, From the
Mountains Near Hnichens:.
CHINESE AID JAPANESE.
Washington said that Captain Hob
son must have made a mistake in read
ing his speech or had been misin
formed, as he had never made any such
suggestion, and that the subject was
not touched upon in the address men
tioned.
BOSTON, July 10.— Booker T. Wash-,
ington while here to-day expressed sur
prise because he had been quoted by
Captain Richmond P. Hobson at the
National Democratic- Convention as
having suggested in a, recent, address
before the National Educational Asso
ciation in St. Louis that white and col
ored persons should attend the same
schools and churches in the South.
Booker T. Washington Says lie -Did
Not Use Language Attributed to
Him by Mcrrimac Hero.
HOBSON'S CHOICE OF WORDS
SURPRISES COLORED ORATOR
Last night, while a number of resi
dents of the city were attendinga cir
cus, the negro' entered' the. bedroom of
Mrs. J. E. Johnston, where, she was
asleep with her children, turned out
the light, went to the bedside and
caught Mrs. Johnson by the throat
with one hand and told her if she
screamed : he would blow out .'her
brains. Mrs. Johnston reached after
her pistol and told the negro that she
would kill him. She succeeded In
frightening the negro, who turned and
made his escape through a window..
' Mrs. Johnston's outcries brought as
sistance and a party went to the near
est house, in which lived Jesse Tucker,
and found him j hiding between two
mattresses. . The crowd then dispersed
and some time before daybreak the ne
gro was carried to the bridge by un
known, persons and hanged. '
HOUSTON, Miss., July 10.— "We, the
jury; find that the deceased, Jesse
Tucker, came to his death by hanging
at the hands of unknown parties,'' was
the verdict of the Coroner's jury this
morning, delivered while standing on
the overhead bridge of the Mobile and
Ohio" Railroad, under which hung, at
the end of an Inch grass rope, the body
of Jesse Tucker. r
White Eesidents of a Missis
sippi Town Avenge an
Attack Upon a Woman
A wise girl Is known by the company
she doesn't keep.
NEGRO EXPIRES
IT ROPE'S END
A dispatch frorm Chefu dated July 7
stated that in the fighting which oc
curred on July 4 for the possession of
one -if the hills northwest of Port
Arthur (he Russians lost,\according to
Chinese, 100 men killed and 50 men
wounded. Fifty Chinese carriers were
sent out to bring in the Russian dead
and wounded.
Port Arthur, Losses*.
CHEFU, July 10. — Chinese junkmen
who arrived here to-day from Port
Arthur eay that on Tuesday, July 5,
Chinese carriers brought into the town
more than 800 Russian dead, two of
whom' were high officers. They state
that a part of the Japanese force ad
vanced to v.ithin' Fix miles of the be
seigred town, taking another eastern
fort.
Chinese Use Bis Figures in Telling of
HUNDREDS OF RUSSIANS DEAD.
Briefly summed up, General Kuropat
kin divides such a war into two cam
paigns, one ending with the capture of
Herat and the other, after two or three
years' administration of the country,
with the capture of Kashmir, Kanda
har and Kabul. After that, says..Gen
eral Kuropatkin, the British would
find themselves without native support
in India proper.
The plan deals minutely with the
methods Russia ought to adopt to se
cure the co-operation of the Persians
and Afghans by an elaborate system
of agents and sheikhs. It estimates that
one Turkestan army corps and' one
Transcaspian corps would be reaulred
in the initial stage of the campaign,
"which I would prefer to begin in No
vember, as the weather is healthier
for the men and all Russian ports are
frozen. A casus belli can any. time
wheit required be found through a col
lision between Russian and Afghan
OUtpOStS." ".:
LONDON. July 11.— The Daily Ex
press prints to-day what it claims is
General Kuropatkin's signed plan for
the invasion of British India, which,
it is stated, wag filed in tho Russian
War Office as the official method of
procedure in case of war between Rus
sia and Great Britain. The document
goes into minute details and is three
columns in length.
Plan Which General Kuiopatkin IS
Said to Havq Drawn Up.'
FOR AX INVASION OF INDIA.
Family of Executive of Toledo Awaits
Summons to His
Bedside.
TOLEDO, Ohio. July 11.— It Is an
nounced at 2:10 o'clock this morning
that the death of Mayor S. M. Jones
may be expected at any moment. Hope
has been abandoned, and the entire
family Is in readiness for a summons
to the deathbed.
DEATH OF MAYOR JONES
EXPECTED AT AXY MOMENT
The Colorado and West Virginia are
the two ships nearest completion, the
Colorado. standing on June 1 at 84.9 per
cent and the West Virginia at 85.49. The
Colorado's keel was laid April 25, 1901,
and the launch took place April 25,
1903. The first unofficial builders' trial
came off July 2, at which she is said to
have averaged 22.10 knots in two runs
over the measured mile course. The
trial was solely for the purpose of try
ing the machinery and was satisfac
tory, the Niclausse boilers giving no
trouble whatever. It Is somewhat pre
mature, however, to claim for the
Colorado, as the report states, that
"she is without a Deer In the American
or any other navy." The ship was fly
ing light at a draught three to four
feet. less than when loaded to her final
trial displacement, at which an average
speed of 22 knots must be maintained
during four hours. The Colorado and \
West Virginia class are of 13.680 tons
displacement, and are 1680 tons larger
than the armored cruisers of the Cressy
class and 320 tons smaller than the
Drake type In the British navy. Six
ships of the Cressy class designed for
21 knots speed have .been completed,
and all of them exceeded the contract
speed by one-half to two-thirds of a
knot. Fouf of the Drake class designed
for 23 knots gave even better results,
and as high as 24 knots sea speed dur
ing a continuous run of over twenty
four hours is claimed for the Drake.
The steam trials in all s other navies are
more exacting than In the United
States navy, not less than eight hours
being required in the British navy. It
is therefore unsafe to predict that a
vessel running light over a measured
mile course in less than three minutes
will do better, or even as well, with 1500
tons additional weight and maintain
the former speed for four hours. The
lines of the hull are all that can be de
sired, but it is a noticeable fact that
the phenomenal ' speeds attained by
earlier vessels In our navy In excess of
contract ' have been materially reduced
since the premium system giving $25,000
for each additional one-Quarter knot
has been discontinued.
The West Virginia's keel was laid
September 16, 1901,* and the ship was
launched April 18, 1903, thus beating the
Colorado by nearly five months. The
Maryland was begun October 29, 1901.
and launched September 12. 190S. The
Colorado arid West Virginia will prob
ably be completed and turned over to
the f navy within five months, - and if
there had been no delays caused by the
Navy Department the ships would un
doubtedly have been completed within
the contract time. of three years.
come to an agreement with the con
tractors on the reduced price to be
paid for the three armored cruisers
and three battleships on which wood
sheathing was discarded. This change
in specifications has been the cause of
some delay, but th« more serious and
costly departure from the contract was
the elimination of torpedo tubes and
subsequent decision to reinstall these
.important adjuncts to the efficiency of
battleships and cVulsers. The cost of
making this late (change is estimated
at $2,500,000, which will be borne by
the Government, and the delay to
which the builders have been subjected
will further involve the Navy Depart
ment in controversy with the con
tractors on cl.-^ms for extra compensa
tion. The responsibility fof" this waste
of money, time and litigation is direct
ly due to the chiefs of bureaus. Crown
inshield, Melville O'Nell, Bradford and
Bowles, at whose recommendation
Secretary Long was induced to depart
from the original plans of the former
chief constructor, Philip Hichborn.
whose judgment in-these matters has
proved to be better than that collec
tively of all the other bureau chiefs.
THE COLORADO'S TRIAL TRIP.
TWO BRITISH NAVAL, OFFICERS
WHO ARE TO BK ELEVATED IN
RANK NEXT OCTOBER.
LONDON, July 10. — General Booth
sends through the Associated Press the
following message to the Salvationists
in America in regard to the value of
the international congress just closed
here:
The International eomrreM of th» Salvation
army furnishep remarkable erldenc* of tbe
concrete form and powerful fores which this
movement is calculated to exercise In promot
ing- the true brotherhood of man and to deal
a heavy blow to the walla of racial and color
prejudice without injuring the tru* spirit of
nationalism. The vision of French and Ger
man Salvation soldiers, of African and of
Spaniards, of Japanese and SVUanders. of
Britons and Boers, of converted Hindoo*.
Buddhists and Mohammedans marching siite
by side through the streets of London at the
beat of the once-despised army drum, playins
and singing; the songs, all following the en*
leader, could not fall to exercise powerful In
fluence In the making of peace and interna
tional concord. The- American contingent has.
I am happy to say, largely contributed to ths
success of the congress and has testified to
the power of our plan and principles.
General Booth in Messaee to American
.Members Tells of the Value of lie
cent International Gathering.
SALVATIONISTS' CONGRESS
SHOWS ARMY'S STRENGTH
RENO, Nev., July 10. — Suspended
in a shaft 300 feet from the bottom or
the Little Tonopah mine at Tonopah,
to-day Ernest L. Clausen fell from a
bucket Into the midst of five exploding
blasts and met instant death. His body
was frightfully mangled as a result of
the fall. Clausen was workings with
Rogers Dougherty. The two had Just
set off a round of blasts and were be
ing hauled to the surface to await tho
explosion. The cable became caught
300 feet from the bottom and Clausen
got on the edge to straighten it, when
he lost his footing and fell.
Three Hundred Feet.
Man Loses His Balance and Falls
TONOPAH MINER KILLED.
Admiral Sir John Arbutbnot Fisher
is to. succeed Vice Admiral Lord Wal
ter Talbot Kerr as First Naval Lord of
the Admiralty in- October next. Vice
Admirai Kerr is 65 years of age and
has been in the navy a little more than
fifty years, and will be promoted .to
admiral of the fleet at a yearly salary
of $10,000. Admiral Fisher joined the
navy at the age of 13 and is just 63
years old. He has a brilliant record,
having served with great distinction
in the Crimean war of 1854; China
war, 1859-60, and Egyptian war in 1882.
His salary as First Naval Lord, to
gether with his half pay as an admi
ral, amounts to nearly $11,000.
The new yacht, named the Enchan
tress, built for the admiralty by Har
land & Wolff, Belfast, appears to be a
worse failure than the Victoria and
Albert. She is of 3190 tons displace
ment and was calculated to have a
speed of IS knots, but she only reached
ltf knots. What is still worse is the
alleged fact that the vessel roils heav
ily, and on a recent trip seas invaded
thy staterooms, spoiling much valuable
furniture. The yacht has been return
ed-toHhe builders for alterations.
The surveying ve«w=els .in the British
navy are doing a vast amount of work
valuable to mercantile and military
fleets.-' /The work extends all over the
world, from the home coasts to the dis
tant regions of the Far East, from
British Columbia to the shores of West
Africa. During 1903 four vessels were
employed in the home, work and seven
abroad. The operations were ham
pered by bad weather, still, no less
than 627 miles of coast line were chart
ed and an area of 20,467 square miles
was sounded. No less than 344 rocks
and shoals were reported as dangerous
to navigation. Of these 40 were re
ported by surveying vessels, .21 by
other navy ships: 245 were notified by
colonial and foreign governments, 13
were unfortunately discovered by
striking and 12 were reported by other
vessels. The yearly expenses of the
Hydrographic Department and Coast
Survey offices is about $310,000, a sum
that is' not extravagant considering
the vast amount of work done that is
of . incalculable benefit to all maritime
nations.
LAUNCH OF A BRITISH CRUISER.
The Duke of Edinburgh, an armored
cruiser of 13,500 tons, 23,500 .horse-power
and a calculated speed of 22 1-3 knots,
was launched June 14 at the Pembroke
dockyard. Her. keel was laid February
11, 1903. The ship Is the 238th vessel
built at Pembroke. Five armored
cruisers of this type are under con
struction, two at dockyards and the
others by contract. Their main bat
teries consist of six 9.2-inch and ten 7.5
inch guns, which is considered by some
naval experts as more effective than
the armament of the United States ar
mored cruisers Tennessee and Washing
ton of 14,500 tons, carrying four 10-inch
and sixteen 6-inch guns.
In the Italian navy the battleship
Regina Elena was launched at SDezia
June 19. The battleships Vittoria Em
manuel and Roma are to be launched
in August and November, and a third,
named Napoli, will be ready for launch
ing in February next. These ships are
of the same type, size, dimensions and
speed, namely 435.5 feet length. 12.425
tons displacement, ., 20,000 horse-power
and 22 knots calculated speed.
According to a French export's es
timate, the French battleships of the
Patrie class, of 14,865 tons, require 1.1S
horse-powep- per ton displacement for.
a Bpeed of 18 knots, against 1 horse
power for the British London class, of
15,000, for a like speed. In the German
Braunschweig class, of 13,200 tons, the
horse-power is 1.21 per ton displace
-ment. For armored, cruisers of 22 to
23% knots the proportions j are: 2.15
horse-power per ton of the British
Drake class of 14.1Q0 tons. The French
Renan type, of 13,200 tons, reouires 2.8
horse-power for 23.5 knots speed. • He
also contends . that French- 12-knot
cruisers require 2.1 horse-oower
against .1.67 in the British navy.
These differences are due to the
superior lines of British ships. In
the American navy . the battleships
Maine and Missouri attain a soeed
of 18 knots with 1.26 horse-Dower
per ton, and in the Georgia class, of
15,000 tons, a speed. of 19 knots is cal
culated with a horse-power of 1.27 per
ton. The California class of armored
cruisers, of 13,680 tons, will reauire 1.68
horse-power per t ton for a speed of 22
knots. •
CONTEST IN SHIPBUILDING.
There . la to all appearances a race
between the shipyard at Newport News
and the Cramps for the completion of
the armored cruisers West Virginia.
Maryland and . Colorado. Newport
News is building the two first named
and the Cramps ' the Colorado. " The
contracts ' for, these • ships were signed
in January, 1901; the price. to-be paid
being $3,775,000 for the Maryland.
$3,885,000 for the West Virginia and
$3,780,000 for the Colorado/ and they
were to be delivered in January. 1904.
The ' higher cost of ; the West Virginia
was due to the 'fact that she; like the
California -and; : Nebraska, was : in
tended > to be wood-sheathed and cop
•; pered, which plan, however,' was aban
\ doned after the -z contracts had ; been
signed.- and the Navy. Department has
not yet, so far as known, been able -to
While the particulars uf the fighting
are not known, it is evident that the,
Russians made a determined stand.
The losses and the number of men en
gaged have not been reported.
On the same day the right wing of
the Japanese army southeast of Kai
ping defeated a small force of Russians
and the left wing occupied the heights
to the southeast. ,
On Thursday the entire Japanese
army forced its way closer to Kaiping,
overcoming the stubborn resistance of
the Russian infantry, cavalry and ar
tillery located in the narrow defiles.
The Russians held many strong posi
tions In the mountain passes, but de
spite their desperate resistance they
were forced to abandon them one by
one. During the night the Russians
were largely reinforced by troops
brought from the north by train, in
preparation for a big battle on Friday.
The Japanese began the .last day's
fighting at daylight with an artillery
fire from guns placed on the heights
previously captured from the Rus
sians.*"
At 9. o'clpck in, th& moaning' they
drove the Russians 'from their posi
tions and forced them into their last
line of defenses around the town. . The
Russians evidently saw that the town
was doomed, as General Oku reports
that many troops were withdrawn dur
ing the morning.
The Russians finally tooX positfon on
the tops of high precipices and again
offered a stubborn resistance. At about
noon they were forced to again with
draw, the Japanese occupying the last
line of defenses. The Japanese pur
sued the enemy, despite a severe ar
tillery fire from the Russian batteries
on the high hills to the north. The
Japanese artillery finally occupied new
positions and silenced these batteries.
In the afternoon the Japanese occu
pied the town without further resist
ance.
TOKIO, July 10.— After three days'
severe fighting, characterized by the
desperate attacks of the Japanese and
the stubborn resistance of the Rus
sians, General Oku's army occupied
Kaiping (Kaichou) last Friday, driving
the Russians northward in the direc
tion of Haieheng. The Russians had
strongly fortified the hill situated in a
semi-circle south of Kaiping. Their
forces consisted of more than 30,000
men. In his report of the engagement,
General Oku does not give any details,
but shows the difficulties of the strug
gle.
The operations began j last Wednes
day by the Japanese driving 1600 Rus
sians from the heights south of Kai
ping. constituting the first line of de r
fense. The Japanese occupied the posi
tion and the Russians retreated north
ward.
General Oku's Official Report or the
Capture of Kaichou.
BATTLE LASTS THREE DAYS.
TACOMA'. July 10.— Suit brought
at North Yakima by the former hus
band of Mrs. Rudkin forms the basis of
a political sensation involving . Frank
P. ' Rudkin, Republican candidate for
the Supreme bench in this State.
Judge O. S. Morford and Rudkin
were boyhood^friends in'Ohio. Rudkin
went to school to ; Morford, who is
eight years his senior." For many
years he was a protege of . Morford.
Morford came to Yakima. and estab
lished a law practice which was sub
sequently transferred to Rudkin. Mor
ford then devoted- himself to large
farming, interests. Rudkin lived in
Morford's house by the latter's urgent
invitation. Morford at first prospered,
but several years ago found himself
in financial straits.. . He straightened
out matters by> keeping three farms
valued at $60,000 subject: to. a mortgage
of twenty-six thousand. .7 Morford then
went to Dawson-to make another-for
tune and. again. prospered. > • '
The story .runs that- he sent thous
ands of dollars to "Rudkin for the use
of Morford's family,* and. to pay off
mortgages Avhich were soon satisfied
Several years ago Rudkin visited Mor
ford in Dawson, borrowing money with
which to make the campaign which
resulted in his election as Superior
Judge. Previous to this Morford had
made 'three visits home. About this
time Mrs. Morford * wrote him she
could no longer live with him, and re
questing that he return home and di
vide the property. He came out and" is
reported to have again sought Rud
y's advice. It is alleged that Rud
kwi advised him to transfer his farms
to Mrs. Morford, besides- paying her
five* thousand dollars cash, and allow
ing her to secure a divorce on the
ground of abandonment.
The contract drawn by Rudkin In
volving transfers of property was
signed by Morford in December, 1901,
and three weeks later Mrs. Morford
sued for divorce on a complaint signed
by Rudkin's brother as attorney. As
! Superior Judge Rudkin heard the un-
! contested suit and signed ,the decree,
Morford returned to.Dawsbn, and was
j bewildered a year and a half;iater to
, hear that Rudkin ¦¦¦ had injured Mrs;
j Morford. Stories of alleged,, fondness
between the pair previous to her di
vorce then reached his ears. Morford
returned and' counseled with Judge
Reavis, former Chief Justice of Wash-
I ington. Following this he brought suit
| to annul the contract of property set-
I tlement, alleging a conspiracy between
I Mrs. Morford and Rudkin. The suit
I was tried by Judge Bell, to whom Mor
! ford's attorneys objected because of al
leged bias and strong friendship for
Rudkin. They were overruled. Judge
Bell struck from the complaint allega
tions of undue intimacy between Rud
kin and Mrs. Morford, also holding that
Morford was not entitled to the prop
erty. Morford has now appealed to the
Supreme Court, seeking a new trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Nominee for Supreme Bench
Accused, b^- Former Asso
ciate of Scheming to Get
• \ His Wife and Property
MOKELUMNE HILL* July 10.— John
Souden, a shift Inspector at the Gwln
mine, yesterday afternoon fell from the
skip to the bottom of the shaft, a dis
tance of 2000 feet, and was killed. His
body was mangled beyond recognition.
Souden and a fellow inspector. Chris
Curovich, were going up the sklD in
specting the shaft, a dally custom, pre
paratory to lowering the 3 o'clock shift
of miners. Within .fif ty feet of the too
Curovich, who was examining his side
of the shaft, heard his partner give a
warning signal, "Look out." Turning
around, he saw Souden' s body betns
drawn between the skip and the wall
plate.
The body was crushed throueh a
space of six inches and fell below be
fore a signal could be given to stop.
The supposition is that Souden. seeing
something was wrong, thrust his head
out to examine more closely and
his head was caught between the wail
and the skip. The miners below knew
nothing of the accident until they heard
the body plunge Into the sump. Sev
eral hours passed before the head and
all the members were recovered.
Souden was 27 years old and leaves
a widow and child. He had been work
ing for the company eight years and
was a trusted and highly respected em
ploye.
"The Taotai dispatched troops and
telegraphed the authorities at Hwang
hsien and Tengchoufu also to send as
sistance, if required.
"Foreigners are not believed to be in
danger. The cause of the riots is not
known."
LONDON. July 11.— The Chefu cor
respondent of the Standard, in a dis
patch dated July 9, says:
"The American Consul General, John
Fowler, received news last night that
anti-Christian riots have broken out at
Chaoynen, about sixty-five miles south
of Tengchoufu and eighty-five miles
west of Chefu. Immediate assistance
was ask&J for.
NEWCHWASG, July 8. — Incoming
rhips report that eight Japanese tor
pid "-boat destroyers are sweeping the
grulf of Laiotungr. Jn order that the
Etarch for neutral ships may be carried
on in a more thorough manner. The
weathti* has improved and. if it con
tinues fair, land operations will be
actively renewed.
Searching: for Neutral Vessels^
•i.-'i'nn. -<• Cavalry Mriy Already Have
Arrived at Tfakcra*.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 10. — An
important point in the official account
of the battle of Kaichou is the state
ment in Leiutenant General Sakha
roff's report that the Japarese are ad
vancing along the coast toward Yin
ko*v. The wording of th» original dis
patch is not clear and might read
equally well that the Japanese cav
alry had already arrived at Yinkow;
but, owing to the distance and other
factors, this is not believed to be the
case,- though it is possible the Japan
ese advance is in close touch with the
Yinkow outposts. ¦ «i, -"" ,-?'..
Captain S^krotofTs ambuscade of a
Japanese squadron north of Siuyen
fhowed that the Russian force- is far
ther east in this region that was gen
erally believed.
The absence of Tokio dispatches ad
mitting the loss of th<? torpedo boats
reported by Vice Admiral Skrydloff to
have h<?<»n sunk by the Vladivostok
squadron is taken here to prove that
ihe Japanese are concealing losses,
when it is possible to do so.
NEARING M:\VCHWANG.
General Sak.ha.roff also reports an
embULh of Japanese twenty-five miles
north of Siuycn, \Uicn the Japanese
had one officer and eleven dracoons
ldllr-d or wourded.
On July 7. General Sakharoff save.
the Japanese lir-cran to advance, but
Tint in considerable force, toward Sia
osyou, ««ccupyinpr Stanching.
"Our right Hank horse battery shelled
the Japanese battery. At the same time
the (nfmy'f cavalry advanced slowly
along the shore road to Yinkow.
'Our Ioppcs are not yet known, but.
accordine to the commander of our
forces, they do not exceed 150. Amnne\
the killed was Count Nyrodt. captain
of tho general staff, who abandoned his
l<n.Mtion. after brilliantly carrying out
hi£ duties r.s chief of staff, with the
r*>rsr guard."
"The enemy kept up a very heavy
cannonade for two hours uninterrupt
edly, but our battery carried on the
struggle successfully, firing along the
Shuanlunsa Pass. It finally fell back
with hardly any casualties.
•*Our battery on the river bridge
opened lire at the enemy's patrols,
v. hich appeared in the Kantakhe vil
lage. Toward noon a fusillade oc
curred between a. detachment of the
enemy and our company, which ob
served that the enemy retired. Our
losses v.ore six wounded.
'Toward the evening of July 8 the
enemy's force, consisting of four di
visions and a brigade, could be made
out in front of Kaichou, extending
along the seashore. At dawn. July 9.
the enemy resumed the offensive upon
the rear guard of our detachment,
which retired about 6:30 o'clock in the
morning from Kaichou tu two* and a
half miles northward toward the
tshuanlunfa Pass.
"At 10 o'clock, under heavy pressure,
cur rear guard retired on our position
at Makhunts Guiga and Yolintas. three
rnik-s north of the Shuanlunsa Pass.
The rear cuard held this position under
a heavy lire until 2 o'clock in the aft
ernoon, when, in accordance with in
structions, it retired Flowly and in per
fect order on the third position at
Tchjoutzziandiandza, just as our main
l>ody was concentrating at Datchapua
urid on the position at Makhunts
LOSSES ARE NOT HEAVY.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 10. — Lieu
tenant General Sakharoft, in a dis
patch to the general staff, confirms
the report of the Japanese occupation
of Kaichou. He says that the Rus
sian loss did not exceed 150 killed or
woundr-d. General Sakharoff adds that
the Japanese are on the Yinkow road.
General Sakharoff says:
"Our detachment remained during
July 8 at Kaichou station, having its
advance posts on the right bank of
the Kantakhe River, the enemy occu
pying the heights on the left bank
and fortifying themselves thereon.
BATTERY OPENS FIRE.
TOKIO, July 10. — General Kuroki
reports that on Wednesday. July 6, a
detachment of Japanese troops drove
off 300 Russian cavalry and occupied
Kangchiiiig. ihc enemy retiring north
ward. The Japanese had no casual
ties. The Russian losses are unknown.
On the afternoon of July 5 1300
Russian cavalry attacked a Japanese
detachment near the north entrance
to Fenshui Pass. The Russians were
repulsed and the Japanese retained
possession of the entrance to the pass.
The Japanese had four men killed and
three wounded.
Colonel Lctchitsky's force marched
more than sixteen miles in a single
night, carrying the wounded back over
a mountainous road. Count Keller is
holding the gateway to Liaoyang.
Colonel Garnetsi's column arrived at
the Japanese camp at midnight of
July 4. A Japanese picket wps sur
prised and destroyed after fighting
bravely, one Japanese killing a Jlussian
oflicpr in a sword duel.
The Russians, without pausing,
swept into the camp, carrying the
half awakened Japanese over the brow
of the hill at the point of the bayonet.
The few who escaped carried the news,
as the result of which on the next day
the Japanese brought up two regi
ments and forced a Russian retreat.
Colonel Letchitsky had a very sim
ilar experience. He caught the Jap
anese camp asleep at 2 o'clock in the
morning and carried it with the bay
onet, after a terrible slaughter and
without firing a shot.
The Russians lost heavily on the re
treat next day. but the reconnaissance
was satisfactory, as it developed the
strength and location of the Japanese
forces.
Count Keller personally accompanied
the force to Hoiyan, and from there
sent Colonel Garnets! with three com
panies to the right, toward Tcha
knmenza, and Colonel Letchitsky, with
two battalions, In the direction of
Takalinze.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL KEL
LER'S HEADQUARTERS, IN THE
MOUNTAINS • WEST OF HOIYAN,
July 8, via Liaoyang, July 10. — The
recent reconnaissance in force beyond
Hoiyan was carried out with swiftness
and decision. The Russians twice
caught the Japanese napping and
demonstrated the effectiveness of Rus
sian bayonet work, once the troops got
to close quarters.
Russian Infantry Twice Catches the
Brown Soldiers Xapping.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 10.— A sen-'
sation has been caused by the publi
cation in the Russky Invalid, the army
organ, of a telegram from Emperor
William to the colonel of the Wyborg
(Finland) regiment, of which the Em
peror is honorary colonel in chief.
The Emperor congratulates the regi
ment on the prospect of meeting the
Japanese and adds that he is proud j
his regiment will have the honor of
fighting for its Emperor, the fatherland i
and the fame of the Russian army. In
concluding- the Emperor says:
"My sincere wishes accompany the
regiment. God bless its standards."
This, telegram was published only this
morning, but by evening its contents
bad become widely known and formed
the general topic of conversation. -A
considerable section of the public even
deduced from the message that Ger
many intends before long to abandon
her position as a mere onlooker with
regard -to events in the Far East.
In the diplomatic circles, while the
telegram has caused much surprise and
comment, it is immediately associated
with the approaching commercial
treaty negotiations in Berlin. It seems
to be generally understood that Russia
is prepared to make considerable tariff
concessions in exchange for the benev
olent neutrality of Germany during the
war, as well as for the assistance Ger
many is rendering in keeping the ene
mies of the Russian Government in
Germany under police surveillance.
Moreover, it has been repeatedly af
firmed that Russia desires to raise
money in Berlin.
TWO CAMPS SURPIUSED.
GEAyEpiSGLOSURES
MADE BY PLAINTIFF
FALLS DOWN SHAFT
Remains Picked Up Piece
by Piece at Bottom 2000
Feet From the Surface
American Consul Is
Appealed To for
Assistance. -
Congratulates Regi
ment Going to ;
the Front.
Lawsuit^ in ay Washington
Court \ Involves Prominent
Persons^ andl Causes a
Great Political Sensation
Describes the Fighting
Preceding Town's
Capture.
Inspector Looks Out of Skip
and His Body Is Caught
and Shockingly Mangled
General Sakharoff Ad
mits the Loss of
• Kaichod.
German Kaiser Sends
Strange Message
to Finland.
Anti-Christian Riots in
a Province of
China.
TREACHERY
CHARGED TO
OLD FRIEND
MINER MEETS
TRAGIC DEATH
JAPANESE DEFEAT A RUSSIAN
FORCE HOLDING FENSHUI PASS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11; 1904.
Admiral Sir John Arbuthnot Fisher, With Splendid Record
.of Fifty Years' Service, Will Succeed Vice Admiral Lord
Walter Talbot Kerr, Who Is to Become Admiral of Fleet
HIGHER RANK FOR TWO
BRITISH NAVAL VETERANS
2
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Epilepsy
Can r*> cured. To those affiicted this
conveys a wonderful message- Though
quite common. It is only a short time
since it was considered incurable. Tho
discovery that it was purely a nervous
disorder that led to tho application of
the great nerve restorer.
Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine
"With the happy result that thousands
have been completely cured, and others
are being cured every day.
"In the year "92 I was stricken with
epilepsy. Doctors treated me for several
¦years, but I grew worse. I would have
such awful fits. I cannot tell my awful
sufferings. A druggist recommended Dr.
Miles' Nervine, and I bought a bottle,
and found it helped me. and I took three
more and am cured. I had only one light
spell after I Commenced taking it. 1 do
hope the time will come when everybody
will know that your medicine cures these
awful fits." — JOHN LEWIS. Clarion, Pa.
Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold under a
guarantee that your druggist will refund
your money If the first bottle does not
benefit.
East Thro'
Yellowstone ParkS
For a. little more money and
s time yon can add th« greatest
• trip In AmeHca to your Eastern
Itinerary- The low rate* during
July and August, via the
Chicago, Milwaukee
& St. Paul
Railway,
make the trip to Chicago and re-
turn, with side trip through
Yellowstone Park, Inexpensive.
/ Excellent train service malcea It
pleasant.
Via Portland. St. Paul and the
Pioneer Limited, or via the Over-
land Limited and Omaha.
Call to-day for complete in-
formation, and make your reser-
vations early.
Ticket* — 635 Market St., S. P.
c. ii. civnas,
General Afnt
Weak Men acd Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
Great . Mexican Remedy; glvea health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 ilarltst.
fln fltfraefii/e Woman
NEEDS A CLEAR COMPLEXION.
We £>)pccidJly r\£conjn)egd
CAU5ES THE- SlOOD
TO CIRCULATE
MAKES THE SKIN HEALTHY.
BY ALL QfiV6/Sr$.>-e.-. DEMOCRATIC LEADER WHO SUCCESSFULLY MAXAGED THE ANTI-HEARST
FIGHT IX INDIANA AND WHO APPEARS CERTAIN OF ELECTION- AS
1 CHAIRMAN OF THE NATIONAL COMMITTEE OF HIS PARTY. j
STRIKE INVOLVING FORTY ; ';;-
THOUSAND MEN IMMINENT
' CHICAGO, July 10.— A general strike
Involving 40,000 union men engaged in
the packing industry in the nine big
packing I centers of the country . is said
to be imminent. , Negotiations between
the officials i of the Amalgamated Meat
Cutters; andV Butcher, Workmen of
America ' and ; the big packing . firms
have been broken off, and the unionists
of F Chicago will meet to-morrow night
to vote on a strike.
BRYAN RUNS GREAT RISK.
Sick Man Eludes Attendants to Par
ticipate in Convcnlion.
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— Bry«w*;left the
Jefferson Hotel early to-day and went
to the residence of his cousin. Dr. Jen
nings, In this city. His physical con
dition was much improved over yes
terday and he expects to leave for his
home in Lincoln to-morrow nisrht.
When Bryan left his bed last nisht
to go to the convention hall his tem
perature was above 100 and he com
plained of much soreness of the luncs.
He was examined after the close of the
convention by Dr. Osborne. who de
cided there, was nothing alarming in
Bryan's condition and 'that auiet and
rest would quickly restore him to his
usual Erood health.
His appearance at the convention
hall was in opposition to the command
of his physician and contrary to the
wishes of his friends. He left his bed
at a time when his attendants were
abssnt from the room and in doing so
created no little alarm for his safety.
CALIFORNIANS SCATTER'
DcleRates Forsake Democratic Head
quarters at Close of Convention.
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— Not a Califor
-nian was in sight to-day around the
Jeffer&on Hotel. The last gun of the
convention scattered them to the four
winds and now that duty does not com-
Whether he will deal with the fact
that the money plank was suppressed
from the platform is not known, but as
he, was more interested in this question
than any other feature of the conven
tion something bearing . directly : upon
the money question may therefore 'be
expected.- He expects to leave :: for
Sandwich, ' N. H M Tuesday and X\ his
promished statement will probably be
given out before then. pr. Bryant
BUZZARDS BAY, July 10.— Grover
Cleveland is to issue a message to Dem
ocrats. After he has read the
platform and the various speeches
made in the convention and given the
subject due consideration he will give
the country his views on the Demo
cratic chances for success. It will be
in the nature of a pronouncement and
it may sound the first rallying call of
the campaign. He has promised that
the statement will be given out as soon
as he has prepared It, but he will give
no hint of its contents.. . /
Grover Cleveland" Promises to Issue
Message to the Democrats.
WILL EXPRESS HIS VIEWS.
Accompanied by Mrs. Roosevelt and
four of their children, the President
attended religious service at. 11 o'clock
in Christ Episcopal Church. Late In
the afternoon the. President and hi3
family and the members of Emlen
Roosevelt's family went for. a, long
walk in the country about Sagamore
Hill. ' y
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., July 10.— This
was a notably quiet and uneventful
day at Sagamore Hill. No visitors
were received by the President, al
though during the afternoon a few
relatives and Intimate personal friends
of the family called at the, Roosevelt
home. The President learned late in
the day of the final action of the St.
Louis convention, but made no re
marks on the ticket or events of the
convention.
President Mnkcs No Comment Wlieii
Told of Democratic Selections.
ROOSEVELT HEARS NEWS.
will remain with Cleveland all sum
mer on account of his poor health.
pel t^em. to remain downtown they
have moved to widely separated and
cooler regions.
The Californians held no formal fare
well meeting. Love feasts in this del
egation have been scarce and the
knowledge that their votes were no
longer required was accepted by the
Californians as sufficient ground for
their departure from the • scene of
strife. It will not be long before they
are all back within the borders of the
Golden State.
"What's the use? Tweed's dead, and
an apoiogy v.ou' -«'t do him any good."
—Philadelphia Press.
"W»ill, I'm 'Boss Crookit.' In your
political screed this mornin' you liken
me to liill Tweed. You want to print
an apology, see!"
"Are you the editor of this sheet?"
demanded the irate visitor.
"I'm the editor of this paper," re
r'-it-d the other.
Homc-Coming of Nominee for Vice
President Marked by Enthusiasm.
ELKINS, W. Va., July 10. — Two
thousand persons had gathered at the
West Virginia Central and Pittsburg
Railroad station here to-day to greet
former Senator Henry G. Davis, who
arrived on his special car from the
convention at St. Louis at 1 o'clock
this afternoon. When the train pulled
in at the station the music of the
Elkins band, which headed the throng,
was drowned by the shout that went
up when the Democratic candidate for
Vice President' appeared on the plat
form of his car. • At Belington, In
Barbour Gounty, at least 100 men, in
cluding the Belington band, -"had
boarded the train to which ex-Senator
Davis* car was — attached and their
shouts joined those of the crowd at
the station. T. W. Dailey and Senator
Elkins each delivered an address of
congratulation, to which the ex-Sena
tor responded, voicing his appreciation
of the honor that the convention had
conferred upon him and commenting
upon the fact that in his home town
at least the demonstration that mark
ed his homecoming furnished evidence
that party lines had been lost sight of.
He spoke from the rear platform of
his car and his words were wildly
cheered.
Hundreds of those in the throng
marched to the music of the band to
the Davis home as an escort. At his
home, which is on a commanding hill
west of the town, Davis slept most of
the.; afternoon. He felt much weari
ness, as the result of his work at, the
convention. He had received the news
of his nomination through a telegram
that was handed to him when hia train
stopped at Graf ton. While he (Slept
this afternoon scores of congratulatory
messages came from every . part of , the
United ' States. These were read to
him when he awoke by his private
secretary.
* To-night Davis attended services
with his daughter, Mrs. Lee, : at the
Memorial Presbyterian Church, whose
building was a gift from him to the
congregation. He positively refused to
CROWDS CHEER DAVIS."
and that he may die. The police were
notified and the case placed In the
hands of detectives.
Eastman was bleeding profusely
about the head, but when placed upon
the operating table regained con-
Bctousnon sufficiently to say he should
have money on his person. A searfh
failed to bring any coin from his cloth
ing. The condition of the patient
leads the physicians to believe that
the injured man's skull is fractured
George Eastman, a miner from Am
ador County, who arrived here Satur
day, was picked up in an unconscious
condition at 12:30 this morning at
Broadway and Montgomery street by
Policeman Btelznpr and taken to the
Harbor Hospital.
rractiirrd His Skull — His
Money Is Gone.
Miner From Amador County May Have
GEORGE KASTMAX IS JXMJXD
rxcoxscious on street
suit of political wisdom Parker has
placed himself amons the many strik
ing Individualities in the public life of
the United States. From this side of
the Atlantic we can view the great po
litical contest of our kinsmen without
partisanship. It 13 impossible, of course,
that Englishmen should not feel ad
miration for the genius and energy of
President Roosevelt and respect for the
ascendency of the Republican party,
whose brilliant record in external pol
icy has been set forth by Secretary
Hay at "Washington. For the rest, we
are conscious of nothing but a feeling
of satisfaction that the Democratic par
ty has put itself right with its coun
trymen and with the world. We are
now assured that, no matter which side
shall be victorious, the Presidency will
be filled by a statesman of courage,
candor and high prlnciples/^^
Senator James K. Jones, the retiring
chairman of the National Committee,
made this statement: \
"The National Convention, by spe
cific resolution adopted last night,
authorized me, In fact, Instructed me,
to call the first meeting of the new
committee in New York City. Until I
call it the new committee cannot or
ganize and the meetings It has held are
unauthorized. Now let me say, forci
bly if need be. that, acting under the
convention authoritv, I shall call the
National Committee to meet in New
York City at such time as Judge Par
ker shall designate. Before I call It I
shall consult him. It would be an un
precedented thing for the new com
mittee to organize without consulta
tion with the candidate."
Just after the afternoon session
began, Taggart, who was presiding,
was asked to retire so that he need
not be embarrassed. August Belmont
The early morning meeting was not
fully attended and the object aimed at
was not accomplished. 1 It was pointed
out by Mack of New York that it
would be discourt&ous to take any ac
tion until Parker were consulted. The
Tapgart men, while not enough to
elect, suggested that Hill, Sheehan and,
Belmont, the nominee's friends, were
still here and adopted a resolution that
they be invited to meet the committee
this afternoon.
When afternoon came there were
three new complications in the way of
electing. Chairman Jones of the old
committee boldjy asserted that such
action as contemplated would be un
precedented and, in fact, illegal. It
also turned out that at a late hour the
convention | adopted a resolution
authorizing Chairman Jones of the old
committee to call the new committee
together in New York City at such time
as he might suggest.
Another obstacle was that Hill and
Sheehan left for New York at noon
and therefore could not attend the
meeting.
JONES BLOCKS PROGRAMME.
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— The Democratic
National Committee, new in its make
up, met at 9:30 o'clock this morning
and again at 4 o'clock this afternoon,
with the avowed intention, on behalf
of the supporters of Taggart of Indi
ana, of organizing by electing him
cha-irman.
Alabama, H. D., Clayton; Arkansas, W. H.
Martin (proxy); California, M. F. Tarpey;
Colorado. John I. Mullens; Connecticut, Homer
S. Cummins: Florida, D. B. Browne; Georgia,
Clark Howcll (proxy); Idabo. I. IV Donnelly;
Illinois, 11. C Sullivan; Iowa, Charles A.
Walsh: Kansas, John II. Atwood; Kentucky,
Urey Woodson; Louisiana. Newton C. Blanch
ard (proxy): Maryland, L. V. Baughman
(proxy); Michigan, Daniel J. Campau; Mls-
Bissippi, C. II. Williams; Missouri, M. A.
Rothwell (proxy) ; Montana, C. W. Hoffman ;
Nebraska, J. C. Dahlman; Nevada. John- II.
Dennis; New York, Norman B. Mack: Ohio,
John R. McLean (proxy); Oregon, F. V. Hol
man; Pennsylvania, J. M. Quffey; Rhode Is
land. George W. Green; South Dakota, E. S.
Johnson: Tennessee, R. E. L. Mountca&tle;
Texas, R. M. Johnson; Utah. D. H. Peery;
Washington. John Y. Terry; Went Virginia,
John T. McGraw; "Wisconsin. T. K. Ryan;
Wyoming. J. E. psborne; Alaska, Arthur De
laney; Arizona, ften M. Crawford; District of
Columbia, Jamea L. Norris; New Mexico. H.
B. Ferguson; Oklahoma. Richard A. Bllllps;
Porto Rico David M. Field.
• The committee, therefore, will meet
in New York on the call of former
Chairman Jones.
MAJORITY FAVORS TAGGART.
The following national committee
men, or their proxies, as designated,
were present and unanimously voted
in favor of the adoption of the reso
lution indorsing the candidacy of
Thomas Taggart for chairman:
of New York was called into the room
and asked \ to give Judge Parker's
views. He said he could not do so.
TAGGART IS INDORSED.
Colonel Guffey insisted that precedent
demanded that the committee cour
teously await Judge Parker's opinion.
"In fact," he said, "the resolution
of last night precluded any action until
Chairman Jones issued a call for New
York."
Senator, Bailey of Texas said that the
question should be settled at once. It
was customary for the committee to
meet immediately after the adjourn
ment and elect, and a resolution was
passed last Tuesday to that effect by
the convention.
"I guess," he said, "that we can have
Judge Parker's views in a few mo
ments from his friends here if they
care to. give them."
After nearly two hours of debate,
Senator Bailey offered as a compromise
that the committee adopt a resolution
indorsing the candidacy of Thomas
Taggart for chairman of the commit
tee. Mack agreed to this and the reso
lution was adopted.
Taggart of Indiana Indorsed for Chairman
of the National Committee.
WASHINGTON. July 10.—Informa
tion has come to the State Department
of a prospective settlement of the Acre
boundary dispute which for a long-time
has been a source of friction between
the governments of Brazil and Peru.
The contention involves the ownership
of a large tract of country rich in rub
ber production, which 13 claimed alike
by both countries. The information
reaching the State Department is to
the effect that the plenipotentiaries of
the two countries, who have been meet
ing at Rio Janeiro and Petropolic, Bra
zil, have come to an agreement on the
disputed question. The nature of the
agreement 13 not known here.
State Department at Washlnston In
formed of ProspectiTe Settlement
of Dispute Over Boundary.
BRAZIL AND PERU 31 AY
REACH AX AGREEMENT
The party and its candidates command ap
proval.- They will grow stronger as the cam
paign progresses. They will appeal with con
etantly growing fore* to the hearts and con
bciences of the people.
Judge Parker and Senator Davis are well
known to ' the people. Their lives have been
i-pent in full view and their character and
conduct have been above reproach. They are
tried men, and their lives show that they can
be trusted in any emergency. Wherever the
highest integrity, best judgment and truest
courage arc required it will not be found
wanting.
The petition of the candidate and the party
;s stronger than if the gold plank had been
reported by the committee on resolutions and
adopted without discussion. Ail question aa to
the permanency of the gold MaT.dard has been
eliminated In Democratic pal'zlcs.
The convention has done Us work and don«
it well. There was an utter absence of dicta
tion. Tli» delegates came here to deliberate
and doeide for themselves, and they did so.
They were rietply conscious of the serlousnet-s
and the feer which to-day fills the minds cf
the poop)' 1 . They desired to present the real
issues which will be dec'.!;»d by the campaign
in such fhape as to bring them directly before
the voter*, not complicated by dead and set
tled issues. The candi.iites selected and tfc«
platform upon which they tt£nd do this and
ousht to meet the approval cf all Democrats
and of all thoughtful citizens who place the
public good first.
The American people are true and brave,
and the incident of last night will appeal
straight to their hearts. The straightforward
and manly and at the name time courteous
and respectful Ftand taken by Judge Parker
en the monetary question, and the approval
of his position on the floor of the convention
after full discuwion and explanation, should
patiffy the people that the Interests of the
country will be safe under a Democratic ad
ministration and prevent any possibility of
question because no reference waa made to it
in the platform.
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— National Com
mitteeman Guffey of Pennsylvania
gave to the press the following state
ment to-day:
Says Democracy Is Permanently Com
mitted to Gold Standard.
*
GUPFEYjMEFEXDS PARKER.
Many visited the World's Fair, as by
special permission they were admitted
on Sunday, but the early hours of the
evening found the politicians again
clustered in the hotel corridors and the
tcpic of conversation seemed, by gen
eral consent, to change to statements
concerning individual physical discom
forts and the amount of sleep necessary
to restore them to a normal condition.
Then followed a general exodus and
the Union station to-night was crowded
with departing delegates.
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— Very few of the
delegates to the Democratic National
Convention left the city on the early
morning trains to-day. The unflagging
interest that had spurred them through
the long hours of the convention per
mitted them to obtain but little sleep
after Its adjournment and the hotel
ccrridors were crowded with groups of
heavy-eyed and apparently thoroughly
exhausted politicians. The events of
the past four days formed the chief
topic of conversation. All who had sat
through the weary sessions declared
that the convention just closed was one
of the greatest assemblages in the po
litical history of this country and from
the standpoint of physical endurance
was certainly one of the most enhaust
ing. Many of the delegates decided to
enjoy gome recreation and street cars
to suburban amusement parks were
crowded during the late hours of t"he
day.
Worn Out by Constant Excitement and
Loss of Sleep.
DELEGATES EXHAUSTED.
LONDON, July 11.— Several news
papers this morning print editorials re
ferring to the National Democratic
Convention in St. Louis, but most of
them merely recapitulate the events of
the convention. All of them agree
that Judge Parker's personality is in
accordance with the traditions as to
candidates for the Presidency: but. ex
cept for the expression of general sat
isfaction that silver will not be the
issue of the campaign, there are few
comments showing any particular Brit
ish opinion on the judgment of the dele
gates.
The Standard, however, declares that
Judge Parker's message to Sheehan is
a "deed which will give Parker a place
in history. Conceivably it may send
him to the White House, but it will
certainly make him a force to be reck
oned on in American politics for some
time to come."
The Standard maintains that there is
no£. much to choose between the St.
Louis and Chicago platforms.
The Times says: "By a single act of
that courage which i3 so often the re-
Congratulate the Democracy on Its Re
lease From Silver's Shackles.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 10.—
Probably the first child in the country
to be named after the Presidential
nominee at St. Louis came into the
world in Indianapolis yesterday morn
ing at exactly the same hour the nomi
nation was made. The birth occurred
at the City Hospital. The mother. Mrs.
Ella Drinnin, appears happy at the
christening of the child in honor of the
great New York luriat.
The attending physician suggested
to Mrs. Drinnin that the child be
named after the St. Louis nominee.
She readily consented and in the pres
ence of a number of nurses the little
tot was christened James Parker Drin
nin.
COMMENT OF LONDON* EDITORS.
Comes Into the World at tho Hour of
Jurist's Nomination.
BABE NAMED AFTER PARKER.
make any statement for publication
to-day, laughingly remarking that he
had had hardly time yet to find out
that he is a candidate for Vice Presi
dent, f
KNOXVILLE. Tenn., July 10.—
Rowell F. Spence. a detective em
ployed by a Chicago agency, has re
turned to that city after obtaining iden
tifications of two photographs which
he had in his possession, supposed to be
portraits- of the notorious Montana
bandit and train robber, Harvey Lo
gan.
Early on the morning of Jnaa 8 m,
gang held up a Denver and Rio Grand*
train near Parachute. Colo., but. after
blowing open two safes and shootirut
one railroad employe, they obtained
only $10. A posse of cowboys was at
once organized and chase was riven.
In the chase one of the bandits waa
shot from his horse by a cowboy and.
as soon as he fell, was seen to shoot
himself through the head. Pictures
were taken of the dead man. Bellevinsc
the photographs to be those of Losan.
Spence came here to Identify the bandit
through jail officials, where Logan had
been confined more than a year.
Sheriff Fox, from whom Logan es
caped, positively identified the photo
graphs as those of Logan. So did Jailer
Thomas Bell, whom Logan held up at
the point of a pistol while escaping
from Jail.
The outstanding reward for tha
bandit is variously estimated at be
tween $18,000 and $30,000. It is probabla
that the body will be exhumed and fur
ther identification established, aa Losan
carried many bullet marks. When ha
escaped from the Knoxville jail he was
under sentence of twenty years for
having brought into the State and
passed unsigned notes of the Bank ot
Montana. $40,000 worth of which he and
his gang obtained in a Great Northern
Express hold-up near Wagner. Mont.
Before he was captured here he shot
two policemen, but they recovered.
The Native Sons of local Chinatown
v ill meet to-night at their hall on
Stockton street. The object of the
meeting is to plan for complete regis
tration preparatory to casting a solid
vote at the November election.
Over 700 Chinese native Fons attend
ed an enthusiastic mass meeting held
bust Friday at the <-fficial headquar
ters of the Chinese Six Companies. An
organization was effected with Leung
Kwai Pak. Chinese agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, as chair
man: Ng Kan, secretary; Lee Sing
Sz To Chin, Leung Chung, ox
frutive committee; Low Uen Foo,
BngtlSli assistant. The speakers for
the evening were Mr. Waggoner. Wong
TVan Hing and Pak Wa Kat, who,
amid prcat applauso. urjred the Chin
ese voter* to demand their rights at
the polls.
Chinese Natire Sons to Meet To-Night
to Form Organization for Po
litical Punwyps.
WILL CAST SOLID VOTE
'"What is the attitude of Senator
Perkins regarding your candidacy?"
was asked. Mr. Knigrht replied: "I
have not discussed the topic with the
Senator. We are old-time friends.
Our friendship began in 1879, when he
ran for Governor, and has since con
tinued without a break. I will be
liis friend at the finish, even if he
lends his active support to some can
didate other than myself."
In reviewing the motives which
prompted him to make the definite an
nouncexnent of his candidacy Mr.
Knight said he deemed it proper to
speak out plainly before the members
cf the Legislature were chosen.
"How do you stand with the local
Republican organization?" was the
next question propounded to the new
candidate. Mr. Knight replied: "I do
not know, but I do know this: I have
always given my support to the Re
publican cause, local, State and na
tional, and I expect the support of the
Ha.n Francisco Republican delegation
in the next Legislature. I expect to
win and have no thought of making a
money fight for the place. As to the
outcome, whether I win or lose, I shall
give my remaining years of activity
in public life, which may be estimated
;it seven or eight, to the cause of the
Republican party."
"1 have not spoken to Mr. Herrin
on the subject and have no assurance
that' he favors my candidacy and no
intimation that he is against me. If
he should elect, however, to support
pome other a5pirant our personal
friendship would not be ruffled at the
close of the campaign."
Last night at the Bohemian Club
iir. Knight spoke frankly concerning
his candidacy, saying that he was in
the tight to win. He spoke of his ser
vices jn the Republican cause, remark
ing that he made sixty-two speeches
in the gubernatorial campaign of 1ST0,
which contest resulted in the election
of George C. Perkins Governor of Cali
fornia. In every subsequent campaign
Mr. Knight said he had taken the
etump for the party and had never
been paid a dollar by the Republican
State Central Committee for his ser
vices.
Mr. Knight was asked if he had any
assurance of the support of W. F.
Herrin, and in response to the question
said:
As forecasted by The Call, the con
test for United States Senator to suc
ceed Thomas R. Bard Is enlivened by
the introduction of G«orge A. KnighCs
candidacy. The new aspirant for Sen
taoria.1 honors makes definite an
nouncement of his position in the
campaign. It is noted also that Frank
I\ Flint of Los Angeles has entered the
race for the Senatorship. All the
fiigns are indicative of an animated
iiiid interesting contest. The political
storm center is in the south, where
Senator Bard, Henry T- Oxnard and
Frank P. Flint are deploying their
forces.
Chatterly's friends declare that the
examination was a "put up job" and
that he should have been examined
on cotton machinery, which comprise
the principal imports here.
BOSTON, July 10.— A sensation has
been created in customs import cir
cles, here by\^*ie announcement that
Acting Examiner of Machinery George
Chatterly of San Francisco had failed
to pass the civil service examination
here for the position of permanent in
spector of imported machinery. His
marks totaled only 27.50 per cent
against 77 per cent obtained by William
I. Hodges, his chief competitor.
Chatterly was appointed acting ex
'aminer in place of Colonel William W.
Castle, dismissed, having been brought
on from San Francisco for that pur
pose. He is an expert on cotton ma
chinery, and Appraiser Snelllng of
Boston has gone on record as saying
that his services here were invaluable.
But his experience has been mainly
with cotton machinery, while the ex
amination was conducted principally
on woolen and silk machinery, with
which he is unfamiliar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, July 10.— Going the
round in Washington to-day was a
story alleged to reveal the inside facts
about the telegrsjm with which Judge
Parker threw the Democratic conven
tion into turmoil.
According to this story August Bel
mont and Wiliam F. Sheehan, realiz
ing that a fatal mistake had been made
In allowing the omission of a gold
plank from the party platform, agreed
that Judge Parker should -counteract
the baneful effect upon business inter
ests. This resulted in the drafting of
a telegram which, it is said, was sent
to Esopus and elicited the telegram re
ported to have been sent by Judge
Parker to Senator Carmack. .flatly de
clining to run upon the platform with
out a sound money plank.
Senator Carmack denied having re
ceived such a telegram, but the Wash
ington version is that he did be
cause Bclmont and Sheehan at once
declared that Judge Parker had over
done the thing and immediately sent
him another message outlining the
message from Judge Parker which
was read to the convention and which
merely announced his gold standard
views and his willingness to decline
the nomination if these views were
unacceptable to the majority.
The first telegram, it is said, was
sent to Carmack to prevent the sus
picion that it was a part of a scheme
on the part of the New York dele
prates. Senator Carmack, taken entire
ly by surprise, it is supposed dis
closed its contents to some one before
Eelmont and Sheehan, learning how
dangerous their work really was,
hastened to suppress it and arranged
the second message.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Very soon after it had been sent the
superintendent of the Western Union
Telegraph Company in New York
called up the Esopus operator and re
quired him to personally verify the
original telegram by a visit to Judce
Parker himself. The delivery of the
message in St. Louis, it appears, was
being delayed until the authenticity of
the dispatch could be proved beyond
discussion. The operator called Judge
Parker's house on the telephone and,
insisted upon talking with the Judjre
himself (whose voice he recognized)
and told him of the situation. At Judge
Parker's request the operator read the
message to the Judge, and, upon the
latter's assurance that it was all risht.
St. Louis received'word to deliver it to
Sheehan.
MESSAGE IS VERIFIED.
Judge Parker has not yet received the
telegram which the St. Louis conven
tion voted should be sent to him . in
reply to his dispatch addressed to
William F. Sheehan, in which he de
clared his allegiance to the gold stand
ard. While i| has not yet reached him
in any formal way, he is acquainted
with its wording, the text of it having
been communicated to him at Rosemont
last night by the press as soon as it
had been adopted by the convention,
together with the main (acts of the bat
tle over the question and the details
of the vote.
It is now known that Judge Parker's
telegram to Sheehan was sent from the
Western Union Telegraph office at
Esopu3 and the story of the precau
tions taken, both to keep it secret and
to verify its authenticity before it was
delivered, constitute a remarkable
chapter in the story of this extraordi
nary political incident.
Judge Parker's coachman, Robinson,
took the original message to the West
Shore station at Esopus at 11:30 o'clock
yesterday and delivered it to the West
ern Union operator there with im
pressive caution as to its secrecy. The
message was addressed' to William F.
Sheehan at the Jefferson Hotel. St.
Louis. i
"I congratulate you and the party on
your nomination for the office of Vice
President." .
THAT FAMOUS TELEGRAM.
Telegrams of congratulation for
Judge Parker continued to arrive.
Among those reclved to-day were the
following:
From Cord Meyer, chairman of the
Democratic State Committee: "After
receipt of your message to Sheehan and
final action of the convention, I hasten
to congratulate you heartily on your
nomination. Our work in New York
is lightened and success assured.?
From Arthur P. Gorman Jr. at St.
Louis: "Maryland delegates congratu
late you upon your splendid victory."
From United States Senator George
Turner of Washington State at St.
Louis: "SIncerest congratulations and
confident prediction of victory."
Judge Parker to-night sent the fol
lowing telegram of congratulation to
Henry G. Davis, who was nominated
for the Vice Presidency:
This afternoon the Democratic nomi
nee for President spent his leisure time
seated on his veranda with a number
of friends. .
Judge Parker's visitors, John B. Mc-
Donald and Judge Hatch, had remained
with him until 3 o'clock this morning
receiving bulletins, and then departed
for New York.
CHATS WITH HIS FRIENDS.
ESOPUS, N. Y., July 10.— In spite of
the very unusual hour at which Judge
Alton B.' Parker retired this morning
after receipt of the news from St.
Louis, he was prompt in his departure
for church at Kingston to-day. He
drove with Mrs. Parker to the Episco
pal Mission Church of the Holy Cross
at Kingston, where his son-in-law, Rev.
Charles M. Hall, is rector. Mr. Hall
had been attending: tthe St. Louis con
vention, and in his absence Rev. Dr.
Edward Cooper, rector of the Church
of St. John- the Divine at Hasbrouck
Heights. N. J., conducted the services.
Judge Parker assisted in taking up the
collection. •
The sermon included no reference to
matters civic'or political. After the ser
vice Dr. Cooner was asked if he had
Judge Parker's silence in mind in his
reference to the eloquence of life rather
than lips when he said:
"It is not the eloquence of life that
speaks as loudly or counts as much as
the life itself of a man."
The doctor smiled, but declined to
say.
Aspirant Expects Backing of
San Francisco Delegation
in the Next Legislature
Supporters of Expert Ma
chinist Aver He Was Not
Given a Fair Examination
Proof Supplied by Portraits
Will— Be Augmented by
a Physical Examination
Goes to Church and
Takes Up the Col-
Ipfftnn
JCLUUI J •
BODY TO BE EXHUMEH
Another Less Dicta
torial Is Then Sub
stituted.
HIS PERCENTAGE IS LOW
Failure of San Franciscan
to Obtain Civil Service
Place Causes Sensation
CLAIMS STRONG SUPPORT
Frankly Announces His In
tention to Hake Contest
for Senatorial Honors
Rewards Estimated at About
$30,000 Await the Slayer of
Harvey Logan in Colorado
First * Telegram Sent
by the Jurist Is
Suppressed.
Jurist Passes Quiet
Day at His Home
in Esopus.
KNIGHT AVOWS
HIS CANDIDACY
DEAD OUTLAW
IS IDENTIFIED
"PUT UP JOB"
FRIENDS CLAIM
PARKER'S MESSAGE TO THE CONVENTION
DICTATED BY SHEEHAN AND BELMONT
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1904.
3
It u-ill help and cure you. Will
send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one sending ioc. to pay postage.
It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you.
Sold by leading drutftfists.
None without my signature.
410 Prince St., New York.
Send tor free Booklet on " How to treat
<Imum," container hundreds ef te*U-
Boaisls of wonderful cures.
1 ? !
For Any Skin Disease
ADVTRTISEJaZNTS.
, ._ AJaygaT^SKMTTWTS.
P!N3P®~ Before we occupy the BIG^^Mi.
Wif' CURTIN STORE we are go-
ihj0' ing to give you some bargains that your Wjl
j$i pocketbook appreciates — just the goods you I
I ( wish to buy. We are making our biggest cut. kj.
fl GBOCEKIXS. LIQUOSS. If
J •- - Schllllnar'i Bert • Extraordinary J-J
1 serves and Jel- Old Crow and yS&&£s&!!^Gf 8
if and extra selected. To-day only. Old McBrayer }K£§|3 ; £5^|§S O
pj Fancy Dry Boast Santo« Coffee^. . Whialey. Jull R^^ji^S^^^ffij m
3 Home-Made Oransra Marmalads^. . Black label. $^fe3^jgi|»j*y jg
£i Sajrle illlk A.. ...2 cans 225c Bxtxks's Porter ..doz. S 1 .!)<) 3
n Borden's Condensed. Reg. 15c. Guinness's Stout.' Reg. $2.10. >A
3 Hew Comb Honey lOc A. B. C. Bear doz. $1.9O H
S9 Alfalfa flavor. Reg. 15c. Res. $2.25. Q
u] 15c package Gelatine 5c Eclipse Champagne Dot. M .»«* f
m Our Mother's Brand. Same qual- .¦. doz. $3.50 Rs
ra Ity as Knox or Cox Brands. Arpad Haraszthy's. Reg. 50c. IQ
|| Standard Tomatoes. . .4 cans 25c Johannesbursr Champagne M
§3 Solid packed. Reg. 10c. pint bot. ."»<><•: quarts Sot 1 HN
M ' Swtft'a Winchester Bacon No different from Imported. U
§B lb. HHc Paul Jones "Whiskey. Reg. $1..75e II
iM Select, tender, cornf ed pork. President's Bine Plaar. . full q t. SOc 11
gg Table Creamery Batter... sq. SoC Bottled In bond. Re?. $1.35. _ tJ
if Select creameries. Jess* Moore Whiskey CoC jg
H Java and Mocha Coffee lb. S5<* Reg. 90c. A _ \i
m All cup quality. Rich, delicate Hunter Rye Whiskey OoC R
H flavor. Reg. 35c. Iteg. $1.25. -j - a
El T/ncolored Japan Tea. or Garden Silver Crescent Whiskey ."Oc t
m Oreen Japan Tea lb. 25c Full quart. Reg. 80c. ta
W New crop. Rep. 40c. 5 lbs. 81 .CM) Sinfandel Claret, very old.. gal. 50c If
If Sutrar Corn ....'. can 1 0c Sonoma Vineyard. Reg. 75c. gl
H Queen of the. West Brand. Reg. Table Belilinr, res. 60c. .pal. .*;.> CJ
Ink 12Hc. Old Tonic Port Wine.. gal. 81.00 B
H Ceylon Tea.. lb. 40c I. de Turk's. Reg. $1.50. j-1
JS 1904 crop. White tipped. Mala Sherrr. Ansrelica. Muscatel, Tokay L
in Plantation Brand. Reg. 60c. • - Vintage 1892 gal. $1. OO Ej
la Pine Granulated Snffar.. 19 lbs. 81 From LlvermoreValley.ReK.$1.50 13
13 "Spreckels." Pure cane. Holland Gin ....gaL $2.65 |1
fe|. Chill Tomatoes ..... ..S cans 23c Genuine imported. Reg. $3.50. f|
JSL-— _— _^^ TELEPHONE SO UTS 1082. n
*She entertained but little for an
heiress to a million, took small account
of charities, held no very deep interest
in men— that is, in the individual man —
and appeared to dwell in a little dark
world all within herself, i It was in that
little dark - world, peopled by unreal
creatures, wljo neither spoke to her, nor
loved her, nor made merry with her,
that she grew silent and gloomy. Then
came the. sleeplessness and the pains.
They always come with the peopling of
the brain with unreal creatures. There
are those who say that the unhappy
maid drank from her mother's breast
the substance of the unreal people
and with the growing. years they took
shape. Loved and honored with fine
friendships, and possessed of rare
beauty, there was not in life that un
purchasable thing, happiness.
The 'inanimate body, its soul •fet rest,
will start on its trip homeward to-mor
row.
The death of Bertha Dolbeer, beauti
ful, cultured, wealthy and loved, smote
her friends a cruel blow, a blow from
which they have not rallied, though the
newspapers of yesterday morning bore
the awful tidings to them. Nor will
they fully feel the loss that has fallen
upon them until there comes the bat
tered bodv of her who left them but a
short time ago to mingle with the
throngs in European capitals.
On the day of leaving as she bade
adieu to a dear friend she whispered to
her, "I dread this trip. I fear it. I
wish I might withdraw, but I cannot."
A change of scene had been recom
mended for her as an alterative to her
depression, which of late had been as
suming a serious persistency. Going to
London, she found life there dull, and
cutting short her stay she crossed to
Paris, hoping the joy of the boule
vardler might enter into her soul and
lift jt from the depths, but the hope
vanished in sleepless nights and haunt
ed days. With youth, beauty and
wealth, joy was not to be lured into the
darkened chambers of her soul, and
sickening of the elusive chase she de
termined to return home. And it was
on this homeward trip that, maddened
by pain in her head and sorrow at her
soul, she made the fatal leap— to rest.
And who is there with aught but pity
in his or her heart for the suffering
soul who flung away her,young'life in
a mad moment of pain?
' As a character-study," Miss Dolbeer
had always been interesting to her
friends. Unlike other girls from her
birth, she grew to womanhood with her
individuality unchanged. Truthful,
frank, straightforward, economical (in
spite of her $7000 of monthly income),
self-reliant, phlegmatic, wholly devoid
of enthusiasm, unless it be concerning
athletics, in which she. manifested some
interest, she was a type of woman
wholly unlike any other similarly situ
ated. -:^
By Sally Sharp.
MISS DOLBEER
A VICTIM OF
MELANCHOLIA
DISCUSS OFFER
0F ARMY POSTS
Philippine Veterans * Deem
Invitations to Drill Chin
ese Soldiers Official
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
. 2148 Center Street, July 10.
The faculty of the University of
California is just now scattered all over
the world. Some of its members are m
Europe, some in' the Orient, some in
the Antipodes and no doubt at, least
one could be found in every State or
the Union: Since the last coriimence
ment,the faculty has dispersed every
where,, some for recreation, some for
study, some to work. Of the per
sonnel of 250 instructors hardly any
may.be found in California, except
ihose on outings and thosa teaching
at the summer school.
Nearly all of the heads of depart
ments will have visited the East before
college reopens in August. In; the
cases of most of these members it 1b
the St. Louis Fair that takes them
away. There they have been called
to the gatherings of scientists from "all
over the world, to take part in discus
sions or conduct meetings. Even at
this late hour in the vacation men are
going and In a few days there will be
an exodus, of twelve more of them.
Among the number will be Professors
George H. Howison, A. F. Lange,
George Davidson, Irving Strlngham,
Cornelius B. Bradley, Elmer E. Brown
and A. O. Leuschner.
. Professor S. B. Christy is already at
St. Louis, looking after the exhibit
of. the mining colleges of the Unfted'
States, of which, he is ..the, superin
tendent.
• Dr. A. A. Noyes and Dr. W. C. Mor
gan have been in attendance upon the
meeting of the American Chemical
Society in Providence, R. I. Dr. Noyes
is president of the society and read a
paper before it, as did also Dr. Mor
gan. - '-
Professor Thomas R. Bacon of the
history department is on his way home
from Europe, having been- absent, a
year on leave to pursue his studies. It
is expected that he will arrive soon In
Berkeley, prepared to resume his work
at the university. ¦ ¦ ;
Professor William A. Setchell of the
botany department is on hi3 way home
from Australia, where -he -has been
spending some time in visits to the
botanical gardens. He will complete
a tour ; of the world 'When he arrives.
Many of the faculty visited the
Yosemite Valley , this year. They
adopted different modes of getting
there, preferably the stage route, but
often they went by foot or buckboard.
Professor .E. J. Wickson and a party
walked in, with the 'assistance of a
wagon and two mules.' Professor Mar
tin Centner and Charles L. Bie'denbach;
principal of the McKinley School,
walked in also. But Professor Jerome
B. Landfleld preferred to let the stage
line take him in.
Professor John Galen Howard has
taken his family to the Yosemite for
a trip of three weeks. They are ac
companied by Mr. and Mrs. Warren
Gregory.
Professor Jacques Loeb and his fam
ily spent a two weeks' vacation at
Pacific Grove, as did also Professor
and Mrs. Leon J. Richardson and Pro
fessor E. P. Lewis.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, July 10. — The number of regis
trations for the summer school went up to 909
to-day. This is 60 more than last year, when
the total was 859.
Otto W. Peterson, a member of the class of
'04, has ju«t been appointed a member of the
State staff of the geological survey. Peterson
has been assigned to river gaufing and will
take observations at various points on the im
portant rivers of the State.
Herman Miller of the class of '02 and a
graduate of the law department at Ann Arbor,
has been elected City Attorney of hie native
town of Visalla.
Professor C. W. Shaw of the' Agricultural
College has sent to the prees a bulletin con
taining Information that will - be valuable to
the olive growers of the State. Professor Shaw
deals at length with two phases of this in
dustry, one of which is the centripetal method
of extracting oil from the olives and the other
the discovery of a method that will prevent
the formation of crystals in the oil after it
has been bottled.
Tho Young Men'a and Young: Women's Chris
tlon associations will distribute this week 2500
handbooks containing data that will be of
interest to summer school students and fresh
men arriving for the regular session. One of
tho features is an article on -advice by Pres
ident Wheeler.
The Glee and Mandolin ' clubs have returned
from their Eastern tour, which has occupied
them ¦ since commencement. The members
visited a number ot cities In the Mississippi
Valley and Rocky Mountain region and finally
filled an engagement at the St. Louis fair.
The clubs sang and played at the fair under
the auspices of the California Promotion Com
mittee and created such a favorable impres
sion that their engagement was extended sev
eral days more than the original week that
was programmed. ¦ The ¦ Virginia State Com
mtselonern were so impressed . with the college
entertainers that they endeavored to secure
their services, but the arrangement could not
be made. . Receptions in honor of the club*
were given by the Illinois and Idaho Commis
sioner and the Lumberman's Club. A deScit
was incurred by the clubs, but it is understood
that it will not entail a heavy burden on the
Associated Students,- , ¦ ¦ ¦ • • •
- Dr. Saul Epstein of the class of '00 has re
turned from Zurich, Switzerland, where he
took his doctor's degree, and Chicago, where
he was "Instructor In mathematics at the Unl
verBity ot Chicago for two years. , He is •> on
his vacation now and will spend some time
at the university before returning to his work.
Professor W. w. Skinner of the Agricultural
Experiment Station at the University of Ari
zona has come to the California! Agricultural
College to take some special work in horticul
ture. » '
"Faculty night" will be observed' at the
Faculty Club on Tuesday night, for which oc
casion an elaborate programme has been ar
ranged. ¦
Marsden Manson, the San Francisco engineer,
will deliver a lecture Tuesday evening at the
Students'; Observatory on "The Distribution of
Rainfall on the Continent of North America."
The public is Invited. ,
Professor A. A. Stanley of .the University of
Michigan and Instructor in music at the sum
mer session will lecture In Hearst Hall on
"Wednesday night on "Parsifal." ¦ <
Profeseor' Henry Morse Stephens will! speak
upon "The . Capture | of the Baatlle as I Nar
rated by Modern Historians" in Hearst Hall on
Thursday night. " ' • -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 10.
The Oakland boys who claim to have
been offered commissions in the Chinese
army in consideration of drilling Chi
nese sufficiently to put them on a foot
ing with European soldiers are won
dering how far the invitation may point
to a revolution of the yellow races
against the Europeans.
I Ralph J. Faneuf and T. J. Thompson,
both Philippine veterans, have received
messages indicating that the Chinese
reform party is trying to obtain the
services of well-trained American sol
diers to take charge of the reorganiza
tion of the Chinese army. These young
men are sturdy young Americans and
they are trying to find out from what
source these overtures come. If they
come, even indirectly, from the Chi-,
nese Government, they suggest inter
national questions.
The first word received in Oakland
in regard to these overtures was from
H. J. Kemper, secretary of the army
of the Philippines. Kemper wrote to
Thompson and Faneuf, telling them a
company of Chinese was to be formed
in Oakland and setting forth what is
deemed to be the offer of the Chinese
Government, that the American drill
masters should receive commissions in
the Chinese army while the drilled Chi
nese should become the non-commis
slolied officers of the reorganized Chi
nese army. The young soldiers to
whom this proposition has been made
are trying to find out how far they may
become implicated in International
complications.
Ralph J. Fanuef is at present em
ployed in the United States postoffice
department in Oakland. He was in the
Hawaiian Islands at. the outbreak of
the - Spanish-American war. A young
man of strenuous tendencies and eager
to fight for the country of his birth, he
enlisted in the Tenth Pennsylvania Vol
unteers when they stopped at, the isl
ands. : He served through the war with
credit to himself and the flag and made
a, record with General Bell, then a
colonel. Thompson, now commander of
Colonel Liscum Post of Veterans Qt the
Spanish-American War, was connected
with the hosDi tal service in the islands.
This is what Fanuef said to-night:
"Camp Colonel Liscum of the Span
ish-American War Veterans "is in re
ceipt of a very peculiar communication
from- Mr. Kemper at Los Angeles. This
communication was originally sent to
Mr.. Thompson, the commander of our
local camp, and then turned over to
me. I do not know what it means, but
it would seem that the Chinese Govern
ment is looking I for American soldiers
to . reorganize its army, j They , offer
American soldiers commissions in v the
Chinese army, and the | men they may
drill in this country are to have j non
commissioned posts under. them."
Commander Thompson confirmed Fa
rmers . statement. . Both the veterans
4 are convinced that the Chinese Govern
ment is ' seeking * American "soldiers -for
the reorganization of Its army."
Dies From His Injuries.
OAKLAND, July 10.— Oscar John
son, known also; as John Wilson, died
this morning at f ; the Receiving Hos
pital from injuries he sustained by be
ing-crushed under- a freight train at
Emeryville yesterday. : Johnson was
22^years old, a native of Sweden. 5 " He
had worked at the smelting plant at
Keswick ; before "coming to Oakland.
The Coroner took charee of the - case.
• * The only American who ever wore
the Victoria' Cross is living .at. Stough
ton, Mass.' { He is "* William Seeley,' who
In 1864 1 was aboard a British vessel f 'at
Shimonseki, Japan; and saved the life
of the captain; -
Ilighwavman Conies to Grief.
OAKLAND, July 10.— Richard' R.
Cochran,;. 23 years old, "snatched., a
watch and chain from' the vest of Al
blnChollet to-night on Seventh 1 street,
near Broadway. Chollett grabbed the
thief,; who gave battle.,- While, the pair
were at ! it \ hammer and j tongs | Police
man McSorley . came ' oh . the scene and
took ': Cochran into , custody. ' Chollet
recovered" his Jewelry.
Dispute Over Who Should
Buy Trousseau Kesults
in /Preventing Marriage
ALAMEDA, July 10.— Cupid and
Christopher* Grau, a. Park-street no
tion dealer,, are at outs and all be
cause the girl whom Grau secured a
license to marry declined to become
his bride when he refused to pay for
her wedding "trousseau. At least, that
is the chief reason that Grau gives
why he it not a bridegroom, as his
friends expected he would be when he
secured the necessary legal permit to
marry Miss Juanita Lewis.
Grau still has his marriage license
and to-day asserted that he would try
it on another girl, and placed the fol
lowing notice in the window of his
store: "Wanted—-A young lady with
$1000 to invest in this business. Ob
ject, matrimony if dispositions are
congenial."
Yesterday Grau had a: clearance
sale of marked-down, love-scented en
velopes and paper that he decided to
get rid of when Miss Lewis informed
him that she did not wish" to take
his name. Before the auction Grau
posted the following in a conspicuous
place in his display window:
"On account of a disappointment in
marriage I will sell out this entire sup
ply of June wedding paper, which I
intended to use myself. Very fine for
invitations, love letters and billet
deaux." To-day Grau had but three
boxes left, and, says that he expects
a run on the store to-morrow..
In speaking of his matrimonial af
fairs Grau said: "I bought; a license
to marry Miss Lewis, but after I had
obtained it some ¦ of .my enemies told
her parents .that I -had several chil
dren in Germany. J was married once
before, but ray wife 'died, leaving me
childless. Miss Lewis a'lso wanted me
to pay for. her wedding dress, which
I considered , should jj be . furnished by
her parents. - If she j loved me as she
ought a' little matter like a wedding
dress would 'not have \ prevented our
wedding. But there is .as good
In the sea as /was ever taken out of
it, and I mean to continue fishing."
Miss Lewis asserts, that she never
promised Grau to marry him and^that
her parents objected to the attentions
he paid her. Grau is about forty-five
years of age and Miss Lewis is not
yet seventeen.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, July 10.
A determined effort is about to be
made to vastly extend the work of the
geological department at the Univer
sity of California and to found a grad
uate school in geology that will be the
greatest in the country. President
Wheeler is co-operating with Dr. Joan
C. Merriam, Professor -A. C. Lawson
and the other members of the depart
ment to secure a school that will at
tract the attention of the world.
In an announcement Just published
at the university it is pointed out that
there is nowhere a more inviting geo
logical field than that which . lies im
mediately at the gates of the univer
sity itself, i In addition to this there
is the whole phenomena of California
that offers itself for study. Th<; pos
sibilities are limitless. . In paleontol
ogy and historical geology California (
offers immense material for the student
contemplating engaging in research.
Almost the entire geological column
from Cambrian to Quaternary is rep
resented by fossiliferous horizons and
many of the more important problems
relating to the geological positions and
faunal relations of the State remain
unsolved.
The laboratories and museums of the
department are well equipped for re
search and new materials and appara
tus are being added yearly. There are
20,000 specimens of minerals at the dis
posal of the, student and "all the rock
types are represented in the petro
graphical collections.
With such opportunities for research
and study offered to the student, the
university authorities hope to attract
men from all over the country and thus
to establish the graduate school upon
a firm basis.
VISITING CLERGYMEN
PREACH IN' OAKLAND
Berkeley Office, San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, July 10.
In order to increase its rreight hand
ling facilities, which have lately be
come overtaxed on account of the big
advance in the volume of freight traf
ficked through Oakland, the Southern
Pacific Company is making arrange
ments to purchase a long stretch of^
land on the water front of Berkeley,"
between the north and south bound
aries. The railroad has been farced
to take this step so that the burden on
the trackage on Third street may be
relieved and . it has set Us agents to
work bonding all the property it may
find useful in its enlarging scheme. So
quietly have the agents worked that
property owners did not suspect the
hand of the Southern Pacific until a
day or two ago when a real estate
agent, through . whom negotiations
were being carried on lor the purchase
of one piece of land, inadvertently let
the cat out of the bag. The corpora
tion went ahead stealthily because it
feared opposition and high prices from
the property owners, but now that
practically all the little deals are com
pleted, there is nothing to fear. The
property owners, too, realize that it
is now too late for them to interfere.
The land that the Southern Pacific
will acquire through its bonding scheme
all lies west of its main line tracks. on
Third street in West Berkeley, stretch-
Ing between. Addison street and Folger
avenue. It is a strip that lies between
the tracks and the bay and varies in
width according to the indentations
of the shore line." In some places it is
a block wide and ip others it is less
than a hundred feet.
For- this strip the Southern Pacific
expects" to pay something between $80,
000 and J100.000. The money will be
distributed among the following own
ers of the land: H. W. Carpentier', J.
A. Heywood, Mrs. Jane- Thomas, Che
ney & Berry, the Avery estate, the
Grayson estate. Flora D. Jones and J,
A. Boardman.
When title to the property is secured
the corporation will begin a series of
improvements that' will call for the
expenditure of perhaps another $100,
000 or more. Among other things, it
will connect the track that now runs
on Second street, between Addison
street and the north boundary line,
with the main line on Third street.
This will be a costly" project that will
require considerable piling and filling,
as at the point where the connection
will be made, between Addison street
and Allston way, the land is quite nar
row and near the bay. ' , -1 . .
The railroad has two good reasons
for wishing to increase its trackage
in West Berkeley. The primary one
is to relieve the congestion on its pres
ent trackage, but the other is almost
as necessary and it is to retain the
traffic diverted io It by the big manu
facturing plants in the district. There
is a soap works in West Berkeley, a
furniture factory, a candy factory, a
chemical works and three or four other
big Industries that need to be nursed
along, and the Southern Pacific seeks
to prevent the Santa Fe from cutting
into a field that has been such a source
of income for a long time.
ALAMEDA SOCIAL
Pulpits of Absent Pastors Are Occu
pied by a Number ol Ministers
From Elsewhere.
OAKLAND, July 10.— The Rev. H.
J. Vosburgh, pastor of the First Bap
tist Church, has commenced a series
of three discourses on "Sympathetic
Studies of Our Neighbors. 1 ' The first
sermon was preached this evening, the
topic being. "The. Message of Congre
gationalism." '¦' Following "will be "The
Message of Methodism" and after that
"The Message of Unitarianism."
Mrs. Mabel Walker Murcell and
John McEwing sang to-day at the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church.
The Rev. Burton H. Jones of Rock
lih preached to-day at the Fourth Con
gregational Church.
The pulpit at the First Congrega
tional Church was occupied to-day by
the Rev. F. D. Knopf of Cheyenne,
Wyo.
The Rev. E. J. Singer preached to
day at Plymouth-avenue Congrega
tional Church.
At the First Methodist Church to
day the Rev. I. N. Halliday preached
this morning and the Rev. H. W. Walz
of San Francisco conducted the even
ing services.
Dr. L. N. Dutton preached this even
ing at the Twenty-fourth-avenue
Methodist Church.
"Oakland, Her Knockers and Her
Boosters," was the subject of the Rev.
Owen Hotle's sermon this evening at
the Eighth-avenue Methodist Church.
Rev. W. W. Halloway, D. D., or
Dover, N. J.. officiated to-day at the
First Presbyterian Chifrch.
GIVE -RIGHT OF WAY
FOR BOULEVARD ROAD
ALAMEDA, July lO.—Prtncipal Duncan Mc-
Klnnon of the Haight { School has returned
from a vieit to Xos • Angeles, • Pasadena and
Santa Barbara.- _>,/.¦;
Miss Jessie Jamieson. formerly a teacher
In the local school department, became the
bride of D. M.- Francis at Flagstaff, Arizona,
en July 4. The wedding was originally planned
to take place at the home of the bride's, par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Jamiesotr of ' this
city, but the groom was unable to leave his
business in Arizona.
Postmaster and Mrs. T. W. Leydecker will
pass the remainder of this month at Waldrhue,
in Sonoma County. . - ~ ¦,.
Dr. and Mrs. Walter R. -Hughes returned
last evening from an outing epent at Tolle,
Placer County. - . . -• • .
Richard Stevens, -formerly In the employ of
the municipal electric light department, - and
Miss Georgia Echenberger were married re
cently , in Lake County. The bride is the
daughter of Carl Echenberger of 2321 Santa
Clara avenue.
Miss Jerella Bishop returned yesterday from
a tour of the Tosemite -Valley and left to-day
ror San Jose, where she will visit friends for
ten days.
SCIENCE TO FIGHT
THE ARMY WORM PEST
Promoters of Scenic Way Secure Con
sent to Run Through Garber and
Palache Estates.
BERKELEY, July 10. — The boule
vard skirting the Berkeley hills, for
which the people of Berkeley have
been working for more than a year,
is about to become a reality. Con
sent for a right of way through the
property of Judge John Garber and
the Palache estate has at last been se
cured, so that now the last barrier to
the project has been removed. Sur
veyors started the work of marking
off a road through the estates this
week.
The boulevard, ..when completed,
will begin, on Spruce street, run
through the Scenic tract to the north
gate of the university grounds back
of the university buildings, along
Piedmont avenue to Warring street;,
through the Garber and Palache es
tates into Claremont avenue, and
thence to Oakland.
Farmers of Kern County Appeal to
Agriculturists at the University
, to Help Them.
BERKELEY, July 10.— The farmers
of Kern Cpunty are sufferers! from the
ravages of the army worm, a little in
sect that gets its name' from the fact
that i± moves in dense masses. -So de
structive are the little bugs , that the
farmers have appealed to the authori
ties of the agricultural department of
the University of California,^to assist
in their extermination. . -
The worm lives off the roots of fruit
trees, berry bushes and grape vines
and burrows into them underground
to get at. the most nutritious parts.
Once\ they attack a growth it means
certain death and loss to the farmers.
Invents a New Trolley.
OAKLAND, July 10. — John Q.
Brown, assistant general manager of
the Oakland Transit Company^, has just
been granted a patent on the new dia
mond trolley, how in use on the Key
Route motor cars. Mr. Brown's inven
tion .is very simple, consisting of a
diamond-shaped spring frame, which
is surmounted by a brass roller two
feet long, the roller forming the con
tact with the overhead wire. The ad
vantage of Mr. Brown's invention is
that there is no small wheel to slip
from the wire.
First Annual Picnic.
OAKLAND, July 10. — The members
of Oakland Council No. 1, U. P. P.
E. C, will give their first annual pic
nic at Idora Park on July 24. The
committee In charge of the arrange
ments has prepared an interesting
programme for the occasion. Including
dancing and athletic contests. The
picnic will continue during the after
noon and evening. The members of
the committee of arrangements are:
Mrs. B. Primetel," Mrs. J. Freitas, Mrs.
E. Swltzer, Mrs. B. Vierra. Miss M.
Allie. Miss Tillie Allie and Miss, May
Rollins. The officers of the council
are: Mrs. L. Allie, president; Mrs. M.
Perry, treasurer; Mrs. M. Soares, sec
retary. . v .
Carpenters Install Officers.
OAKLAND, July 10.— Carpenters'
Union No. 1667 installed the following
newly elected officers last night: Presi
dent, F. A. Parsons; vice president, E.
Stewart; recording secretary, D. A.
Shannon; financial secretary, H. A.
Stagg; treasurer, J. B. Morgan; ; con
ductor, A. A. Parsons; warden, T. E.
Francis; trustee, J. Morris; delegates
to the District Council of Carpenters
Messrs. West and Borden; delegates to
Central Labor Council — Messrs,- Par
sons and. Morris. . •v_ i v'.
OAKLAND, July 10. — The funeral
of former Judge James Larue vwas
held this afternoon from the Larue
residence, 1432 Thirteenth avenue.
The Rev. Charles T. .Walkley, .rector
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, of
ficiated. The services were, private.
Interment/ was in» Mountain /View
Cer-itery.
Funeral of James Lame.
. He that | thinks he .can afford to be
negligent is not far from being poor.'—
Johnson. . . . /
of California, seven-room house on
Etna street. $3000; Frank M. Scooriover,
plans. for six-room, house on Spruce
street; Thomas. L. Vance of Santa
Paula, two lots at Hillegaes and Russell
streets, on which he Intends to build;
Fred Muscott, to build house on -Rose
street; Dr.- M. D. Glidden of Stockton,
six-room house. Ward and Dana
streets, and C.R. Madison, 'instructor
at Boone's Academy, house on Haste
street, east of Bowdltch, seven rooms.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. JUly 10.
During the fiscal year Just ended
nearly sixteen hundred houses were
erected in Oakland and this means that
several thousand new people have
taken up their residence in the city
with the intention of making their pery
mtnent homes here. This activity in
building operations has, of course, giv
en a stimulus to many other branches
of industry. Mills have been, and are
eull, running day and night, with a
double shift of men, in a.n effort to
ram the demand for building material
for homes now in course of construc
tion.
On? of the most important of these
improvement? is involved in the Oak
land Water Front Company's plans to
leclaim ten acres of tide land adjacent
to Adam? wharf. The company has
just let a contract to the Hyde Hargls
Construction Company for the bulk
heading of the Land, which will be re
claimed by filling in' sand from the
channel in front. The reclaimed land
will be occupied with lumber wharves
and piers. .. .
A CITY IN* ACTION*.
In spits of. the usual 'midsummer mi
gration of citizens of Oakland to pleas
vt-e resorts, local and suburban real es
tate dealers report a fairly good mar
ket, and many inquiries for business
and residence property, and all of them
are weil satisfied with the progress
made during the year. William J. Lay
mance. president of the. Laymance Real
Estate Company, made the following
statement concerning the present con
dition bf this ctty and its suburbs:
itekland is not only a city in size but in
action. Afwr trre greatest Fourth of July
tfjebraticn in its history, It may be likened
t6 all large cities in the summer season. The
Tar-ople will ' be found in all of the summer
resorts in the East. West. North and South,
an indication that Oakland citizens have been
Lnsy ar.d prosperous during the year
to be able to tajce needed r*st.
Re«j estate salt-* have, therefore, not been
£o numerous as in tbe early spring. There is,
howev. r, splendid evidence - of activity, not
czAv- in residence building but along substan
t'al industrial lines. Throughout the city
there nev«»r was eo much rood street work
and street railway construction, or so much
tiuildinp of blocks, small stores, fiats, room
ing hcus*.s. apartment houses, enlargement of
preMTt nwrroantile and manufacturing enter
rrise* as at present. I doubt if there is any
better bufintfcs barometer to judge of. a city's
real «olid grewth "over a, 1*Dod of - ten* years
than its str»?eV railway earnings. It measures
the growth of pro--T>erity. Tne announcement
this we*k thai. .OtkiiiDiie street railway sys
tem is i«yin£ C_ i*-r cent net on $12,000,000,
wfc«?re t^n years ajro it was not paying on
ti.0uo.O00. is masnincent evidence of growth.
Another tinpsrtast announcement this week
is the interact manifested by the great railway
rnrnagprs in providing Oakland with adequate
pesf-PTijrpr and shipping facilities. The. South
ern Pacific Railroad Company's new freight
d*-pot. now building in \Yf*t Oakland, will be
th<* lars^t west- of the Missouri River. The
new narrow pauge d*pot, the new Key route's
f«Try with its additional two new ferry-boats
and the plans of the Southern Pacifle for
FUbFtituttng 'electricity on the Seventh -street
local lines, will within this year assure Oak
land the finest rajHd transit nervice to be
found in any city in the United States.
IMPROVING SAXTA FE TRACTS.
The following is from Holcomb, Breed
& Bancroft: f
' The summer vacation, period has apparently
not affected in the Sea*t the activity and sale
of Key IUnjte lots in the "Santa Fe" tract*.
A lively interest is shown in this location In
the heart of Greater Oakland by people now
living in San Fraricisco, who are fait discov
ering the advantages of owning modern, ar
tiitic homes, costing, with 40-foot lots, 52000 to
SoOCO. within twenty-eight or thirty minutes of
San Francisco and with a 5-cent fare. Not only
are Ban Francisco people seeking to save them
selves the expense of high rents in the city by
buying these lots with a view of building, but
many residents of Oakland are improving the
opportunity of obtaining building sites In this
new and very desirable home center, which
will, eoon.be thickly built up with attractive,
up-to-date houses. All street work is done by
th« owner of the tracts. This includes grad
ing, curbing, guttering, eewering. sidewalks
ana palms planted along the sidewalk line.
Lot buyers do not Ehare any part of this ex
pense and they have the certain knowledge that
all rtrwt work will be Immediately completed
and that their homes will have. all the modern
advantages of jjas, electricity, etc
A large part of the «reet work is already
crmpleted and more than 100 men with teams
may now be seen engaged on Santa Fe Tract
No. 6, now being cp^ned for sale. These tracts
extend from Fifty-first etreet to Sixty-fourth,
and from the Key Route line on the west for
•everal blocks toward the Berkeley hills.
The Santa. Fe Tract No. 5 comprise* some
cirteen blocks and parts of blocks, extending
(ram Fifty-eighth street to Sixty-fourth, and
east from the Key Route on Adeline etreet.
Thl«, property I* close to the Berkeley local
train, Santa Fe station and Key Route eta
ttoa. All Key Route trains to and from Berke
ley are now rtopping at the Fifty-flfth-etreet
station, the next stop farther north being di
rectly opposite the lots of Sasta Fe Tract No.
8. The Alcatrar.-avenue. Grove-street and Shat
tnck-aTcnue electric car linee ail run through
•r near the tract, enabling residents to reach
the, nniverslty In about fourteen minutes and
t» reach Fourteenth street and Broadway, Oak
land, In. about twelve minutes.
There are to be found all the advantages of
good schools, mild climate, beautiful view of
the bay and of the Berkeley bills. AH lots
nave a rood elevation. Fruit and flowers may
b* grown all the year round. Altogether there
hM not been In years such a strong movement
of homeseeker* to any locality, both from Oak
land and San Francisco, as there 1* to be wit
cessed every day on theae Santa Fe tracts, i
¦Herbert Coffin, who is with the real
estate firm of S. M. Dodge & Son, and
Otis W. Enes, a salesman employed by
Wlckham Havens of the Realty Syndi
cate, left a few days ago for the Yo
semite Valley In company with J. B.
Iveesling, a San Francisco attorney.
They will visit all points of interest in
th,e valley before their return.
XEWCOMI&IS.IX BERKELEY.
' BERKELEY. July 10.— From infor
mation that has been received by the
firm of Cheney & Berry it would seem
that Berkeley is about to get the bene
fit of a movement already begun anibng
roany people of Southern California to
ccme to the section of the State about
the bay. -Discouraged over their losses
due to the lack of water. Southern Cal
ifornians are coming north and many
of .them will settle in the university
city. J. C. Rudplph, who recently pur
chased a home in Berkeley, says that
all the south is talking about Berkeley
as the ideal place, for homes. •
• Cheney & Berry have been selling a
rimber of lots and homes in the Crys
tal Springs tract, which borders on
Grove street, in the neighborhood of
Dwight way. The firm has sold no less
than fifteen houses lately and all "but
•two of them went to newcomers. They
consist tnostly of five and seven room
houses. , , ¦ •;.
Lyman Allen negotiated a number of
sales in different parts of town to out
side purchasers intending to make their
homes in Berkeley. Among these are:
Carrie E. -Wilmans, eight-room house
en Ktna street: Xelson Kofoid. father
Qt Professor Kofoid of the University
The police are doing the best they can
under the conditions. The building Is old and
out of date. It is a disgrace to the city that
such a place as this prison in its present state
should exist. Present conditions cannot be
remedied in the building as it stands.
After a careful insi>ection. I can s«ee nothing
to be done except to reconstruct the Interior
somewhat. In order that room may be ob
tained for the women and the Juveniles. By
constructing a small building outside, along
th*> west wall of the Jail, some j additional
space for prison use may be gained. The mat
ter will be given into the hands of the City
Council as soon as the are made.
Mayor Olhey_expressed himself strong
ly concerning the conditions; : bu,t said
only temporary changes could be made
pending .the construction of a new City
Hall and a modern prison. The Chief of
Police has been instructed to turn over
his plans and estimates to Councilman
Pendleton, who will submit them to the
City Council as soon as possible.
The Mayor" said:
Attention wag called to the fact that
five juvenile. prisoners, the youngest a
boy 10 years old, were confined in the
regulation prison cells because there is
no fit room outside of the barred holes
In the wall for this class of Inmates. A
girl 15 years old is among these.
Further investigation disclosed the
inadequate sanitary arrangements.
There are only two bath tubs in the
jail, one bf. which must accommodate
fifty male Drisoners. The other is for
women's use. There has been no alter
ation or improvement made in the jail
for many years.
. The" Mayor found that the prison was
seriously overcrowded, even in summer
time, when the number of occupants is
greatly under the grist of unfortunates
that is turned in during the winter
months. In the women's quarter the
Mayor found eleven occupants, al
though the ward has barely proper ac
commodation for live persons*
"The City Prison is not fit for human
beings to live in," declared Mayor War
ren Olney to-day after he and City
Councilman B. H. Pendletorj had made
a thorough inspection of the jail. The
Mayor was particularly impressed with
the lack of facilities for proper care of
women and juvenile offenders. In order
that temporary improvements in the
conditions shall be made the Mayor di
rected: Chief of Police Hodgkins to pro
cure estimates immediately as to the
cost ot reconstructing a part of the
prison, with "enlargement along the
west side,. for use until a new City Hall
shall have been built:
Oakland Office Sa,n Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 10.
California Has Great Possi
bilities for Study and Re
search by the Student
Heads of the Departments
Accept I Calls to Speak
at Scientific Meetings
Corporation to Add Xew
Tracks to Third-Street
Line for Its Freight
Soren Jensen tr» Christine Jensen (wlfe>, lot
on W line of Poplar street, 19O SW of Tenth.
S 27:6 by W 115. being portion of lots art
and 37, block 55. map blocks 549 and 550, and
portion of block 5fSl. property of Colonel John
Scott. Oakland; gift.
Lawrence and Ralph Deluchl to Ferdinand
and Marie Brudlewsky, lot 16. block C, re
vised map of that portion of Brumaglm Tract
lying W of Shattuck avenue, Oakland; $10.
Martha B. Cohen (wife of John) to Charles
H Booth, lot beglnlng at Intersecting lin«»
parallel with and 40 feet N from N line of
Alcatraz avenue and line at right angle to
sali avenue and running N from point on ?sT
line of said avenue ,125.30 E from E line of
Shattuck avenue, thence N 80. W to E Hne>
of Shattuck avenue, S 80.18. E to beginning.
Oakland; $5.
A, J. and Sophie M. Snyder to E. M. Hindi
lot on S Uine of Sycamore street. M ff oj
Telegraph avenue. W 19:10 by S 100. Oakland i
$10.
George Gray (as administrator estate of Al
bert G. Gurnett) to Harriet Carpenter (widow),
all Interest in lot on SE line of Fourth ave
nue, 75 SW of East Sixteenth street. SW 37:3
by SE 123. East Oakland $2501.
Georare T. and Mable Anna Lyon to Sar«n
A. Ward, lot on NE line of East Sixteenth
(Monroe) street. 105 SE of Seventh avenu*
(Benton street). SE 45 by NE 150. block 8.
Clinton. East Oakland: $1O. _
Mary A. and C. D. Bates St. and F. W. an<J
Carrie S. BIIet to John V. Campbell, lot ot»
NW line of Twelfth avenue. 624.01 SW r>C
East Twenty-eighth street. SW 5O.27. NW
139.63. NE &O.07. SB 137.04. lot 26, Templeton
Tract. Eas«t Oakland: $10. '
p. T and Nettle MacArthur to F. B. Tea
kum (single). Int 44, map 2. Glen Echo Tract,
etc . Oakland Township; $10.
John Polter (slng5e> to George Sully, lot ow
f» line of Effle street. 240 E of Dwrnell*. H
40 bv S 132:6, lot 7. block 8. Case Tract*
Berkeley; ?10.
Darlot and Margaret Deasmore to Joseph J.
Mason, lot on W line of Grove street. 100 NI
of Ashby avenue. N 40 by W 122. block TO.
map subdivision block 10. Central Park Tract*
Berkeley; $10.
Walter G. Grace and Grace C. Ttbbetts ta
Edith A. Wallace, lot on E lln» f>f St. CharW
street. 25O S of San Antonio avenue, S 10 by?
E 100, quitclaim deed. Alameda: $10.
Everett L- and Fannis'A. Reed to Margaret
W Hutton (widow>. lot on S line of Endnat
avenue (since widened to RO feet). 138 E of
Grand street. E 45 by S 140, portion of lot 3.
block G. map Oak Park. Alameda: $10.
Hyacinth and Margaret Gil fwifc> to Alesia
Pauline Gil (single) lot on N line o? Fif.h
street. 75 E of Campbell. E 25 by N 10»;7.
lot 10, block 490. Gibbons property. Oakland
Point: also lot on N line of Fifteenth street.
82:3 "W of Kirkham. AV 50 by N>lt«:3, lots
17 and 18. block 5.93. Sce-tchler. Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Alice 'F.~ and Selflon G. Miller tr> Gladys U
Galbraith. lot on SE line of Athol avenn*.
370 SW of Newton. SW 32:6 SE lfiO, NO
32:6. N 139.27. being portion of lot I«. block
C, Peralta' Heights East Oakland; $10.
- John arid Nellie Dcnnelly to Henry M. Viek
ery, lot on 8 line of Buena Vista avenue. 121. ~t\
E of Park street. . E iO by S 100. lot -4. bloclc
B, map Golden Gate Tract, subdivided Febru
ary. 1S0O. Oakland; $10.
James and Mary E. Breck to William P. ar.d
Henry P. Hook, undivided . third cf lot on S
line of Central avenue, 10O E of Broadway. B
50 by 3 200. lots 10. 11, 26 and 27. block 13l».
Kellersberger's map. Oakland: 910.
John Boyle to Annie T. Boyle (wlfe>, lot en
S corner of East Fourteenth street and Second
avenue SW £X> by SE SO, block 5O, C!i»lon.
East Oakland: grift.
Alary H. Sterling (widow) to the Reaity
Syndicate, lot 6b, Piedmont Tract. OakiatM
Township: <I0.
H. M. and Nellie A. Maxwell to same, lot
on S line of Blair avenue, 600 \V of Nortl\_or
Vert.al avenue. W 180:10. S 176:3, E 1SS. >T
20«:ll, portion lot «-B, part B subdivision.
map Bowman Tract, near Oakland, being a!«o
8 portion of block B. Huntoon Tract, Piedmont,
excepting from above lots J> and 10. block 10.
block B of Huntoon Tract. Oakland Township;
also lots 3 7 to 12. block A. and lots L
to 6, block B. said last map, Oakland Town*
ship; |io.
Lyman and Sarah J. Allea to James Mont
gomery, lot on W line of Henry street, 20O 8
of Vine. S 45 by W 131.64. lot 1. subdivision
plan Sprague St Swain property of block 7.
Graves & Taylor Tract. Berkeley; *10.
John W. or J. W. Heans to Delia 8. Hean*.
lot on N line of Virginia street, 4O E of Me-
G«e. E 40 by N 100. portion lota 10 and 9, bloclc
C, Edith Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Benedetto and Lena Delucchi to Charles K.
Hale, lot on X line of Eagle avenue. 34:7 W
of Willow street, W 34:7 by N 120. portion
of lots 7 and 8. block 13. plan of subdivision
of blocks 1. 2 and 3, 12. 13, 14 of land adja
cent to Encinal. Alameda; $lt>.
Carrie and A. F. Trahan to same, tame*
quitclaim deed, Alameda; J10.
S. T. Gage et al. to William Frlsble Lewis,
lot on SW corner of Ninth and Franklin
streets. S loo by W 75, lots 15 to IS. bloclc
8a. Kellersberger's map. Oakland: $11,000.
Alexander Murdock (single) to Alexander
Murdock 4k Co. (corporation), lot on S line oC
Thirty-seventh street. 71 E of Market. E 34 by
8 100, portion of Plat 37, Kellersberger's map.
Ranchos V. and t>. Peralta. Oakland; $10. .
Same to same, lot on S line of Twenty
fourth street, 60 E of Linden. E 6<>, S 100.50.
W 50, N 107.50. portion lots 9 and lrt. block
H. mat) survey of Northern Extension, Oak
land; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Thirty-sev
enth street, 105 E of Market, E 34 by S 100.
portion of Plat 37. Kellersberger's map,
Ranchos V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; *10.
Edward and Jennie O'Neill to Johanna
O'Neill, lot 7. block C. map resubdlvlsion of
Weston Tract, warranty deed. Oakland; *10.
Johanna O'Neill (widow) to Ludwlg Metn
helt, lot on NW corner of Thirty-eighth and
Gold streets. N 120. W 41.43. S 123.14. E 41.54.
lot 7. block C. same, Oakland; $10. ¦
Ludwig and Katharing Melnheit to Cart
Jeschetn, same, Oakland; Rift.
D. T. and Netti- MaoArthur to R. C. and
Celia L. Starkweather, lot on W line of West
street. 175 N of Thirty-eighth. N 31 by W
116.64, portion of lots 7 and 8. block F, Major
Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
John Couralet (single) to Fritz and Frances
Kchluter, lots 14 'and 15, map So; 3, Potts
Tract, Oakland: ?10. . - - -
Alameda County.
SATURDAY, JULY 9.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
BRIDE REFUSES TO WED
Dealers in College Town
¦Realty Report a Large
Number of Recent Sales
THE BERKELEY MARKET
Tells Chief of Police to
Submit Plans and Esti
mates for a Renovation
ORDERS CHANGES MADE
3IANY VISIT THE FAIR
OFFERS A BIG -FIELD
BONDS WATEli FRONT
Teaching Force at Univer
sity of California Goes
Forth to All the Climes
Sixteen Hundred New Struc
tures Credited to the
Fiscal Year Just Closed
Causes Notion Merchant to
Sell Out Stock in TradS
and Seek New Sweetheart
Authorities at University
Wish to Attract Men to
Its Geology Department
Southern Pacific Company
Takes Steps to Increase
Its Traflic Facilities
Mayor Olney Talks Strongly
After Making an Inspec
tion of the City Prison
FACULTY MEN
MOVE ABROAD
CUPID PLAYS
QUEER CAPERS
RAILROAD BUYS
ACRES OF LAND
BUILDING BOOM
FOR OAKLAND
HOPE TO FOUND
GREAT SCHOOL
DECLARES JAIL
UNINHABITABLE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', -MONDAY, JULY 11, 1901.
"The last time I passed 'through
here," said the drummer, "your editor
and the Rev. Bill Grunning were hav
ing quite : a religious discussion. I
guesa the ' editor, after all. was just as
good a man as the minister."
"Ter wrong ,thar, stranger," replied
Alkali Ike. •' ; . - .
v - "How do you know,?"
?'I Jest come' from the editor's fun
eral." — Philadelphia Public Ledger.
The Better Man.
LONDON. July 10.— The past week
was an unsatisfactory one on., tho
Stock Exchange owing to the short
ness of money and continued realiza
tions. The money situation was chief
ly caused by the necessity of install
ments for large local purposes and the
approaching payments on the Japan
ese loans.
Americana were the. redeeming fea
ture, the transactions " showing a
strong upward tendency. Kaffirs and
Australians exDertenced an extremely
dull weak and the close or the week
showed serious declines.
LON'DON* STOCK EXCHANGE
SHOW'S SERIOUS DECLINES
Miscellaneous — W. H. Stilus Mrs. E. M. El
liott. Ventura; A. N. Blgley. F. X. Wallace.
Rectlands: O. W. Fo»ter. E. M. Elliott. Ven
tura: R. C. V. Pierce. Santa Barbara; Mrs. L..
I>. Chotswr. I* -I>. Chalney, Chieo; B. A. llay
«ien and wife. BakersfleM; F. F. Jantzrn and
wife, Paso Robles; Mrs. A. S. Hamltn* Morgan
HtU: T. Ford. J H. Mwlsen. Santa Ana: M.
Hansen. J. E. Maltby. F. F. Canister. San
Jo«e: T. B. Hayes and wife.* Wilmington; E.
H. Mosea, Newark: F. IHnitle, C. E. DlnKle,
Woodland: M. P. Root, R. P. Cadwalder. Red
Bluff; M. Morgan. San Rafael.
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— The following
Callfornians have registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
San Francisco — John Kleinande. V. Groth-
J. I>. Brown W. Feterson ami wi'e. Dr.
W. H. Mavhew. F. J. McAult. M. J. Sulli
van O V. rtstolesl. J. W. IJkens. A. L.. Jor
den T.' J Mast and wife. T. H. Ankel« and
family. R. U RaJke. Ida Rurknplm. D. II.
Bibb. r. XT. Marsh. I>. H. Bibb Jr.. L. Her
bert and' wife. Ceorgo Gibbs.
Los AnK**le»~ V. S. Fylnffton-. M. Sharks.
Mm. Fnnk nytnjrton. B. F. Ray and wife.
J. W. Davt*. A. Ci. V. Slice and wife, B. E.
Orrfnce and wife. W. J. Hollman.
Tasadena— F. M. Boynton. G. C. Brww, W.
t*. Draper Mr*. M. A. Murrell, Mary Trayler.
Otia Brown. U A. Boynton.
Sacramento — W. L*wla. E. "A. McKe«. A. B.
Tor*-. W II. Hopkins. C. ScUmtdt and wire.
E. Bills. " "
Onklani— O. A. Foulsen. W. S. Gibson, Mra,
S. D. Gibson.-
Citlzens of 3Iany Towns In Golden
State Visit State Exposition.
CALIFORXIANS AT FATR-
4
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
¦ALAMEDA COUNTYTakes Whisky Into Prison.
; Sergeant K. A.XudlaiToi: the United
States Artillery; was arrested on Satur
day - night ' on • Kearny street ' for i dis
turbing.; the peace..: yesterday .morn
ing ; Sergeant , Harry G. McDaniel. of
the , same . service,- called at the City
Prison to. see him. and, went away in. a
fewVminutes. On hisretur^ Doorkeeper
Coughlin" became suspicious and dis
covered that /McDaniel had a -flask of
whisky/, in his | pocket. . He was . booked
for. bringing liquor ln^o the prison and
.was ' released : on - $50 1 cash ¦ bail. ; Xiudlan
was also released on $10 • cash bail. V.
Charles George, a sailor living at 316
Davis street, paid a visit late Saturday
night to a woman friend at 117 Second
'fctreet and, it is alleged, stole a bunch
of keys belonging to H. Calmel, the
night watchman. During a straggle be
t-A-e»n him and Calmel for the posses
sion of the keys Calmel used his club
on George's head, inflicting six wounds.
George was arrested by Policeman
Mitchell on a charge of petty larceny
end after being taken to the Harbor
.Emergency Hospital to have his
v.ounds dressed, was locked up in the
City Prison.
cZeorge's Visit Provci Unluckjr.
>"otlce to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc.. . at low rates. One trunk (sln
frle itrlp) • 35 cents; round trip SO cents. Morton
Special Delivery, . 308 Taylor St., 650 Market
St.. '¦ Oakland Ferry '.Depot. Phone Exchange 40*
The'iHumboldt Savings Bank, which
was formerly the Humboldt Savings
and Loan Society, has declared its
seventieth semi-annual. dividend on its
deposits. The statement of the bank,
recently > issued, shows considerable
growjth . in its business and uninter
rupted prosperity.
Seventieth Dividend.
,A Chinaman rushed into th^. Central
Police Station shortly , after " eight
cj'clock yesterday morning and said
that Shin Chee,. wife of a Chinese mer
chant living at 842 Dupont street," and
her three children were in .a dying
condition. ' Detective -Whitaker' went
to the hous^ and found, that one of the
children had accidentally turned l on
the gas. The husband refused to al
low them to • be sent . to the Central
Emergency Hospital arid Drv R. "¦ ¦ E.
Bunker was called in" and he'soon had
them out of ganger.
Chinese Family Inhales Gas.
A woman who refused to give her
name calied at the Morgue yesterday
morning: ard asked to see the body of
the man found in Golden Gate Park on
Saturday, supposed to be J. H. Han-
Icy from a pawn ticket in his pocket,
fc-he cculd not recognize the man, but
• said he might have been James Homer
Hanley, a drug clerk. His mother, Mrs.
Kate Hanley. lives in Norfolk, Neb..
and he had an uncle in Riverside. . The
ase of the drug clerk would not corre
spond with that of the suicide. An
other woman called in the afternoon,
thinking he mi^ht have been a man of
the name of Hanley who recently de
serted his wife and family in Los An
geles, but she could not identify him.
Try to Identify Hanley.
Members of the Youns Men's" Insti
tue will assemble in. Native Sons' Hall
Wednesday night for the joint installa
tion of officers. Grand President
James D. Whalen will officiate. After
the installation refreshments will be
served. During the evening a new
ritual will be presented for exemplifi
cation. During the month of October
the Supreme Council will meet in Chi
cago and each one of the jurisdictions
Is trying to see which can have the
best ritual to present'to that body for
adoption. As this v/illbe the twenty
first anniversary of the organization
of the institute efforts are beingr.made
to secure a prominent attendance at
the gathering Wednesday night, as
there are several plans to consider.
The Grand Council will met at Crock
ett on. August 22, and it is the inten
tion to have a peneral reunion in San
Francisco at the conclusion of that
meeting.
Y. M. I. Installation.
The second annual picnic of the
Butchers' Union No. 115 at Shell
Mound Park yesterday afternoon was
a success, both financially and socially.
Hundreds of wielders of the cleaver
and their friends journeyed across the
bay and all enjoyed the perfect
weather and excellent programme of
amusements. Dancing, games and
races filled in the day and the return-
Ing 'trains brought home tired but
happy crowds. The committees in
charge were a3 follows: Arrange
ments—A. F. Breslin (chairman),
George E. Golden, Herman May, Jo
seph M. Lyons, Emil Blhn, Al Fried
man, Rich Maurer, Guido di Vechio,
Stephen Hurley, Chris Hill, Charles
Westphal, William McHugh, William
J. Cleary, Charles Wenk. John Funk,
William Wolf, Oscar Hoberg, George
Rudolph, Gus Adler and M. McDonald;
floor manager, \ William J. Cleary;
assistant floor manager, George H.
Richards; floor committee-r-Arthur
Reilly, William Murphy, Otto Hasen
push, E. J. Pequillan and Charles Rup
pel; committee on games — -Stephen
Hurley, Fred Zimmerman, Charles
Wenk, George Rudolph.
Butchers Have an Outlns.
They were assigned to their present
Tvork in pursuance of a bill introduced
in the last session of Congress by Con
gressman Needham asking for a re
duction of the size of the park.
They have spent two weeks in the
park and have come to this city with
a view of meeting here Congressman
Needham and John Muir, geologist of
Yosemite Park. The latter and Com
missioner Marshall will be here to
day.
H. M. Chittenden of the United
States Enginer Corps. Frank Bond,
chief draughtsman of the United
Ktates Land Office, and R. V. Marshall,
head of the Geological Survey Depart
ment on this coast, who were ap
pointed by the Secretary of the In
terior as a commission to inspect the
Yosemite National Park and report on
the advisability of reducing its boun
daries, arrived here yesterday and are
registered at the Palace Hotel.
Representatives of Interior Depart
uient Here to Confer llesardlne Re
duction of Boundary Lines.
COMMISSION RETURNS
FROM YOSEMITE PARK
The hotel committee, which has its
main office .at the "Templar, headquar
ters, will", establish 'branches .. at the
ferry depot. and .the one at.-Townsend
and Third streets, fully equipped with
telegraph,' telephone and' a corps of
messengers, and be ready to \_ assign.
and pilot every • Sir' Knight arriving
unassigned • to- suitable j quarters. The
transportation, reception; 'and. escort
committees will- co-operate with: the"
hotel committee. The system thus far
is deemed ' perfect .for' the comfort of
the visitors and no hitch is anticipated
in properly. assigning ; ,.tevery man,
woman and child to ' rooms upon ar
rivaL Chairman Growall is still "en-.
deavoring to secure* absolute -comfort
All of . the larger hotels will send
clerks up the road to meet irfcoming
Sir Knights and make arrangements
with those who j have, neglected to se
cure rooms in advance, and with .par
ties or groups that have failed to spe
cify particulars in asking for ¦- rooms.
The clerks will have complete : lists of
each commandery- that- is coming, and
the places where they will be located,
either as Individuals, families, groups,
drill corps and. bands. . Copies of. these
lists will also .be placed at all hotels
for the information of the guests, •
TO 3IEET VISITORS.
The committee in charge, of which
Sir Knight W. L. Growall is chair
man, has thus far placed over 15,000
Sir Knight3 and members of their
families. As many more are expected
to come, though they have not yet
reported to the committee. Advices
received from different sources give
assurance that fully 'as many more
will make the pilgrimage to the Gold
en Gate and will have to be provided
for, and that before the great com
pany shall arrive that* is sure to come
from the interior of California up and
down the coast and from all sections
of the Pacific Slope.
The parade will be the most impos
ing demonstration ever seen in San
Francisco, while the competitive drill
by the crack drill corps of the United
States will be held on the Golden Gate
Park recreation grounds and will be
free to all spectators. The vast throng
of people that will be attracted by
those two events alone will certainly
remain in the, city a few days and
must necessarily be reckoned with.
After engaging every available room
in the hotels, lodging and boarding
houses, the committee, has obtained
the services of a room renting agency
In securing comfortable quarters ' in
the most desirable locations and at
the most reasonable rates. Contracts
are still being made almost ever^' day
for parties of from 150 to single indi
viduals for from four to ten days.
Persons having desirable rooms,
either in hotels, apartment, rooming
or private houses may list them at the
agency, 1104 Market street, without
paying commission fee or any charge
whatever.
Conservative estimates, based on
careful calculation, places the number
of persons who will visit this city dur
ing the coming conclave of Knights
Templar at 100,000 and the most com
plete arrangements are being made
for housing and caring for all who
come. The attendance will doubtless
exceed that of any previous function
held in San Francisco.
The excursion committee has made
arrangements with all transportation
companies for special rates for daily
excursions on September 7, 8, 9 and 10
via the Southern Pacific Company's
lines to Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific
Grove, Big, Trees, Santa Cruz, Vallejo,
Napa, St. Helena, San Jose and Palo
Alto. Round-trip tickets at one and
one-third of the regular fare will be
sold to all points in California, with
stop-over privileges, to holders of ex
cursion • tickets and those accompany
ing them. The Santa Fe route will also
sell round-trip tickets at one and one
third of the regular rat™ to any point
in California. The California North
western Railway will sell round-trip
tickets to any point on the line north
of San Rafael at one fare. The North
Shore Railway Company will make the
same arrangements, and will also have
special excursions for each day to Mill
Valley, Mount Tamalpais and San Ra
fael. The Lake Tahoe Railway Trans
portation Company, the Yosemlte Stage
and Turnpike Company and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company have made
an exceptionally low rate for all tourists
holding Templar excursion tickets.
It has now been definitely determined
that- the competitive : drill will be open
to, all. regular' Knights Templar.: drill
corps throughout ,the. United States and
.Canada,, with 'the exception of Califor
nia, the host on that occasion, ¦ and* will
be held' on -the "baseball, grounds {of
Golden Gate. Park on Wednesday. Sep
tember" 7, .open .to ; the public and free
to all spectators. The prizes ; will; be
distributed, on the stage of the. Grand
Opera-house on Thursday evening, Sep
tember 8. The Knights [ Templar^have
secured the Grand Opera-house for two
weeks to produce" Chinese plays," but the
entertainment ; committee gives j way, to
the drill committee for that evening.
THE P1UZE DRILLS.
The ladies' ¦ reception , committee has
outlined Its programme for the week.
It will Invite Reuben H. Lloyd, past
grand master of the order, to deliver
the address of welcome on the first
evening. To the ladies has been as
signed the task of supervising the deco
rating and ornamenting of the apart
ment's at the Palace Hotel reserved'for
the Grand -Commandery^ of California,
the Grand Encampment of the United
States and the Great Priory of England
and Wales. The executive committee
has appropriated a liberal amount for
that purpose, because it is desired to
show California ,to the best advantage.
The choicest flowers will "be sent daily
from: Golden Gate Park and from many
private gardens during the stay of the
visitors. . . . -
The transportation committee has
made arrangements with all railroad
companies to have the special trains
run on schedule time and that they
reach this city as near the time indi
cated In their itineraries as possible.
The transfer companies have made spe
cial provisions to receive baggage and
deliver promptly immediately upon and
after arrival, so that there shall be no
delay. Members of the transportation
committee Avill be at the depots and as
sist in every way to have the baggage
promptly attended to and V assist the
reception committee as much as pos
sible.
for every Sir Knight and for those
who shall come with the fraters at the
most reasonable rates. The ordinary
rates will prevail at all hotels, restau
rants and boarding-houses. '
Growall began the work of taking
care of the visitors nearly two and a
half years ago, and the system is as
perfect as zeal a/id human ingenuity
can possibly make it. He was assisted
In the work by the hotel committee,
composed of the following Sir Knights:
Vice chairman, Charles L/ Field; secre
tary, Samuel L. Lent; J. W. Anderson,
John W. Hoyt, Dr. F. C. Pague, D.
Richard Martens. A. B. Swanger, J. H.
Makins, P. K. Hill, F. F. Connor,
George F. Smith, K. W. Meek. Harry
R. Browne, W. A. Gompertz, Francis
Ferrier, M. E. Gaines, E. K. Taylor.
Joseph Knowland, F. B. Sutherland,
George H. Siebe, R. L. Radke, R. H.
Morrow, T. P. Andrews, It* L. Dunn, J.
\V. Morton, W. R. L. Campbell, W. H.
Snedaker, A. G. Lang, George Habe
nicht, \V. P. Fllmer, J. A. Eichorn, Wil
liam Ede, R. L. ' Durbrow, William F.
Chlpman, James F. Gleaves, F. W. But
tleman. W..H. White, R. E. Warfield,
E. J. Vogel, C. H. Van Arden, C. L.
Parks, George K. Porter, J. W. Key
s^n, E. P. Halsted, R. B. Hale, C. L.
Gage, W. H. Kline, George D. Clark,
G. F. Belden Jr. and H. S. Hutchings.
PROMPT TRAIN SERVICE.
PROMINENT bIK KNIGHTS WHO ARE MEMBERS OF THE VARIOUS COMMITTEES APPOINTED TO ARRANGE FOR THE
RECEPTION AND ENTERTAINMENT OF THE DELEGATES TO THE GRAND CONCLAVE OK THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
WHICH WILL BE HELD IN THIS CITY IN SEPTEMBER. -. T.f" /,*-y^V^**v ,
At the meeting of the Native Sons'
-joint Ninth of* September celebration
committee, held Saturday night in the
Native Sons' building, it was decided
that admission day will be celebrated
in the city of Oakland, the celebra
tion to be under the auspices of the
Alameda County Parlor.
Chairman O. L. Blackman an
nounced the Oakland Natives had en
listed the good offices of the Mer
chants' Exchange and Chamber of
Commerce of that city and that these
bodies, together with the merchants,
will make the affair one that the Or
der of Native Sons will be proud of.
> Henry C. Henken of Oakland stated
that the Alameda County parlors have
organized by the election of the fol
lowing named as officers of the gen
eral committee: L. W. Cobbledick,
chairman; J. It. Knowland, vice chair
man: 'E. F. Garrison, secretary; L.
G. Bundles,, assistant secretary; F.
Barnett, treasurer. He added t.hdt it
has been agreed to have a parade, re
gatta on Lake Merritt. athletic games,
literary execises, headquarters for the
different parlos and entertainment at
various points during the evening. The
parlors of the Native Daughters ¦of
Alameda County; he stated, will take
part.
Chairman Blackman apoointed the
following committees to arrange the
part that the San Francisco parlors
will take in the affair:
Promotion— L J. Fenn. E. J. Buaolari, N.
Hellman. C. D. Sleiger. L>F. Bylngton.
Printing — J. Wilson. W. T. Callundan, J.
O'Halloran. Joseph Rose. M. P.attlgan.
. Finance — Charles H. Turner, J. E. Mac-
Dougald. J. E. Hayden. - J. L. Gallagher, J.
R. Knowland.
Parade — M. II Squire, Frank Mordecal, C.
L. Badt, II. O. Rogers. J. Hanan.
Music — A S. Groth, D. Wilson, W. Veit,
W J. Donion. C. A. Boldemann.
p ress — e E. Fisher. J. H. Nelson. R. D.
Barton, H. Joost. A. O. Gerhart. E. C. Sto«Jf.
Have Outlined for the Ninth
of September.
What the Native Sons of That City
ADMISSION DAY WILL BE
CELEBRATED IN OAKLAND
It is purposed that the members of
the Union League Club shall be ac
companied by their wives and lady
friends and the prospects are that the
southbound party will be an excep
tionally large one. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Anderson will be a special guest
of the club on the trip.
Chairman Committee of Invitations,
We therefore ask the cheer and good fellow
ship of your presence while we rejoice in our
attainments and the counsel of your wisdom
end experience as we lo^k forward to greater
thine*. Please notify us as to the probable
number of your members to attend v.-lth date
<! arrival that a committee may properly wel
r.nm* you to «ur city. Cordially yours,
UJCION LEAGVK CLVB OK LOS ANGELES,
By CHARLES P. SQUIRES. Secretary.
A. W. KIXNET.
efforts of the club is due, in a large
p. the wonderful growth of Republican-
Southern California.
The members of the Union League
Club of this city are arranging for a
trip to Los Angeles. Thursday. July 21,
where they will be the guests of the
Union League of that city at a recep
tion Friday night and a banquet the
following evening. Yesterday Colonel
George Pippy, president of the local
organization, received the following
Invitation from the south:
LOS ANGELES. July 8, 1904.— Union
L'aiue Club. San Francisco — Gentlemen: We
•xterd to you collectively, and to each of you
individually, a most cordial invitation to at
tend th* opening reception at our new ciub
fcouse Friday evening. July 22, and at a ban-
Qutt to be given Saturday evening, July 23.
laO4. The acquirement of our new club home
marks the beginning of a new era In the life
of our organization in Southern California.
This was accomplished only through the tire
less ffferts and etanch fidelity of our members.
WttJ Be the Gnest of the Republican
Organization of the Southern
City for Two Days. •
DKION LEAGUE CLUB IS
GOING TO LOS ANGELES
During the afternoon the Claftin
University jubilee singers rendered
several fine selections. Dr. Freden
hacen addressed a congregation at the
First United Presbyterian Church yes
terday morning, and delivered an ad
dress at the Howard-street Methodist
Church last night.
In the course of his remarks yester
day afternoon, the doctor dwelt on the
fact that .the criminals were mostly
ycung- men found among the homeless
ard friendless. He said that the crim
inal was the result of two things —
heredity and environment — and that all
ehould bear in mind that the hearts
beating beneath the stripes were hu
man. He advocated the changing of
the workshops of prisons into class
rooms for the instruction of the crim
inals, and closed with an appeal to the
oudience to support the California
branch both morally and financially.
Several years ago Dr. Fredenhagen
•was made aware of the cold reception
given to the discharged prisoners of
the various State prisons, and resolved
to devote ail his life work to the re
claiming of criminals who wished to
begin over again. His wife Joined him
and was his constant partner in this
great work. Starting with a small
house, which they rented, with the pur
pose of aiding discharged criminals,
the society, with the aid of influential
tr.en, soon spread throughout the na
tion. In addition to its gTeat work of
helping *he unfortunate, the society
has succeeded in effecting many prison
reforms. Dr. Fredenhagen, who is the
general superintendent uf the society,
is here for the purpose of helping to
organize a California branch.
The members of the Young Men's
Christian Association, their men
friends and many strangers, turned
out in force yesterday afternoon to a
lecture given by the Rev. E. A. Freden
tia^en. Dr. Fredenhagen addressed the
assemblage on the work done by the
Society of the Friendless, whose real
object la the redemption of the crim
inal'classes.
The Stationary Firemen's Union No. 8l> will
give .a smoker Thursday evening. The union
has decided to participate In the parade on
Labor day The following officers of the union
have been elected: President. Henry Cozens:
vice president. Daniel Dunn; treasurer. Martin
Conroy; financial secretary. T. F. Quinn; re
cording secretary. J. H. Smith'; guide. Joseph
Hulk: "guardian. William Fltzpatrick; delegates
to I>abor Council. George Boedue, J. H. Mullen
and Thomas Rooney.
The Building Trades Council at its
last meeting passed on and seated the
following delegates, whose credentials
were found to be In regular order.
These delegates, with the regular of
ficers of the council, will be the gov
erning body during the ensuing six
months:
Cement Workers, H. S. Byers, John Bush,
0. A. 'iveitKue. M. J. Kelly, K. H. Wunder
lich, E. U .Vischer, Thomas Doyle; Building
Material Lirlvera' Union No. 1, T. Harrington,
J. J. Moms, Ueoifca i'rescott, G. Scherr, J.
J. Monahan, \V. M. McDonald, A. Lewis; la
borers' Protective Union Ho. 8944, Patrick
Tieiney. K. J. Reilly, William O'Brien, L.. B.
llleirins, C. M. Erickson, Michael CLeary,
Charles -Wehr, John Marron, John Hannlng,
K. J. Campbell ' A. F. Dissniayer, John Verse,
Timothy. Ullchvlst. Peter Kelly. John Welde
man, Frank Dunnlgan; Sheet Metal Workers'
Union No. 104, W. A. Reaves, Charles Morri
son, J. O. Ballon, J. A. Uonley. Harry Burde
nian; Electrical Workers' Union No. 6, J. C.
Caldwell, E. V. Allender, J. R. Smith; Ele
vator Operators' Union No. 1C324, W. H. Har
vey, Joseph Oevrlcs. George Hamilton; Mill
men's Union No. 424, Henry Thieler, Emil
Steenberg, Henry Neidlinger, Frank Schmitz,
Henry Bostorf, Henry Carstensen, Harry Ven
derbroom; Cement Laundry Tray Workers'
Union. Frank Daly. Archie Watson, John
Dolly; Journeymen House Movers' Union No.
1, Joseph Hunt; Hoisting and Portable En
gineers' Union No. 50, Y. P. Thomas, J. S.
brown, R. W. McCann; United Glass Work
ers' Union No. 350, Thomas Sullivan, D. Din
nlene, E. Sobbels; Bricklayers' Union No. 7,
Ei L. Nolan, Edward J. Brandon.; George
Keeley. J. Sloane. William O'Brien; Awning
and Tent Makers' Union No. 1, J. F. Beal,
Martin Anderson, L. Goss; Amalgamated So
ciety of Carpenters and Joiners No. 600. W.
W. Frealand, James M. Pointon. A. McLaugh
lln, Thomas G. Cordell, Percy Cole; Furniture
Handlers' Union No. 1. A. S. Alexander,
Charles Klotz. S. D. Preston: MUlmen's Union
No. 42?.. D. J.' Ramsey. W. H. Bemis3, J. G.
Fallon. J. B. White. A. Rahlves, Henry
S«-hober. Thomas McGuire; Carpet Mechanics'
Association No. 1. E. H. Hardy, H. S. Tem
pleton, W. £. Harrison. WiUiPni Stockman.
The Carriage Painters' and Trimmers' Union
No <S6 elected the following officers at the last
meeting: President. Matthew Canavan; vice
president. James Doherty; recording secretary.
William Krone: financial secretary, J. W. Bird;
treasurer. ' Hugh Donohue; guard. Joseph Pa
lecki: guide, C. Q. Mills: executive board —
William Scow William Flaherty and Joseph
Walsh: auditing committee — John Cornyn. Wil
liam Krone. William Donovan: trustees — C.
Boef, James Doherty and William Flaherty;
bank trustees — William Sctew and John Cornyn:
delegates to Labor Council — Matt Canavan and
Thomas Farren. ;
Stationary Firemen Will
Give Smoker on Thursday
Night— Parade Labor Day
Institute Will Be Founded in
Aid of Unfortunates Who
Have Erred and Repented
TO START BRANCH HERE
OTHER UNION OFFICERS
Head of the Society of the
Friendless Asks Help for
All Reclaimed Criminals
Building Trades Examine
and Accept Credentials
of the Governing Board
Arrangements Have Been Perfected by_ Committees Insuring the
Comfortable Accommodation of -AIT Visiting Sir Knights and
Their Friends Immediately Upon Arriving nn This City
PLEADS CAUSE
OF PRISONERS
NEW DELEGATES
FOR COUNCIL
MANY THOUSANDS EXPECTED
FOR THE TEMPLAR CONCLAVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1904.
5
• , ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vc KODAK
\Developing?! Printing
rf^-^-t\ « nd quality of
*^ " / jl^^^r work Is con-
aV ' *^>-Of cerned. I ¦ have
-^J the fl«ld all to
"^""^ — _x^^ myself. If you've
tried my work,
you know this. If
you have not
tried It. , aend In a trial
order now. I'll convince
you. /
DEVELOPING.
' Roll of »U, 10c; roll of
twelve, 15c.
PRINTING.
Polio finish, 3c to 9c;
Velox finish, 3c to 6c.
I carry a full line of penotar sizes of
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS at my
usual low prices. Cameras repaired at mod-
erate flrures.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET, above Powell at..
San Francisco.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. nu
() visit DR. JORDAN'S okut { '
[MUSEUM OF fltiATOMYi
V S& 10311U2XXT8T.lrt.|taf7&,l.rOa].| i
\ The Larrett Aaatenical Muinm hi tk«
t) m i J*|| • World. Wnkintn «r lar enmnctett ,
bSiiS) <!.«««« |»altlv*l7 e«r«<l hy the «lde!l '
/IgjHl ipec«ii««a iktCcu-. EsLjSjnri. ( I
A fl^^jJ'DR. J0RDAM-B>SEAS£3 OF MEN i
\ J CSSjSijB Cop»»!M>tiot> free md •trirtly prfrite. \
6 J J«7«t H TrMtment perjon»liy or br Itner. A Q
T I V « W f—itif CW« la every eat* raderMkea. . T
U F J II O Write far Book. raiI.e«UPaY m t A
V * U II T H4RDMOK, MAILED r*«t. (Af
J\ Q H- •»iu»hle beek far nn) \
V Dn. JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. Y
fi^^s^s^^^'^s^s^sTh % % ¦> <tfj
DR.P1ERCES
MEDICAL j
OBSCOVERV
» . , FOR THE
, rSLOOD.LSVER.LUNGS.
Prescriptions 34.406 and 7.
OUAKANTEZS CXJT.H FOR MSV.
HARMLESS XKJSCTIOST. Cures ordinary
cases In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. NO 0T3EK TSSATKEST
BEQUIEED. Prevents and Cures Strls-
tures. PBXVJB2TTS CONTAQIOWT. Harm-
less. $2.00 tor both bottles. For sale only
r. S. KELLY'S PHARaXACY, 102 Eddy.
W.T.HESS,
ITotary Public aaa Attomey-at-Law.
Tenth Klcor. . Kuo:n lul o. CUus fcipreckela bids.
i Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st.
Rerid<2nce Telephone Page A641.
. RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
2 " 5 "*?^ 81^
8 LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
tg LEAVES MOHDATS and THURSDAY* g
b| at !»:."!<> a. m.. throuyli In ;j days, B
witJi diner and all trappings). Hi
SnujP^2j^^B^2a^BS9Baa*aSSMaia*BU^M^H^K^BS)KiUittfc£Dfl9
Ot'aer Santa 7e Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8:00 p.' m'. j Merced. Hanford and VUalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. tn. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot. S. P. Alio Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 Sontn Vint St.,
San Joie.
mmzm&m tosanrafael
SgHrapl R°SS VALLEY, "
l^^a^^^^^ MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
i*a£^^%5^g$!H^ viA sansaUto Perry.
SUBURBAN. SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart Irozn San Francisco, week daya, at
6-30 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 8:15. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45, 3:19.
400 4:35. 6:15. 5:50. 8:"J5. 7:15, »:00. 10:20l
li-SO D- on. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7-W. 7:45. 8:30, 8:15. 10:00. 11:00, liTi*
" m 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:15. 4:06. 4:35.
6*:15V 5:60. 6:25. 7:15. 8:13. »:00. 10:20." ll :3 i
at San Francisco, we«k days, 8 : it
7-00 7:35 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a.
ii™5 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:15!
6-55. '7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m-^On Sundays and
legal holidays, extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8: F°or P Fa?rfax, week days, depart at 7:« i" m..
3-15 p. m., 5:15. p. m." (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
ind legalholldays at 7:45. 8:30 8:15. 10:00.
11:00, 11:40 a., m.. 12:20. 1:0a 1:45. 2:30. 7:15
and 8:15 p. m- HRouGH TRAiNa
7:45 a. m. ¦ dally— Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. 1 Sundays only— For /Point Reyea,
etc .¦*¦-¦ • •* ' ¦ ¦ ¦ * ' I' '
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For Caza-
e 6°15* P* nv. dally, except. Saturday and Sun-
day — For. Point Rtyea,- etc. - - ¦ ..
7:15 p. ».. Sundays only— For Point Reyea.
8:15 p. tn., Sunday* only — For Cazadero, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market it. • * .
FERRT— Union. Pepot. foot ot Market it.
Mt.TamaLpais Railway
Leave TU JUiixlil* Tmj . ¦ ¦¦. Arrive . -
8an Francisco r«at «f Jlarttt SV. Ban Francisco _
Week Sun- ; ~~rZ>BB3L^~~ Sau- Week
TT. 8:30 a EE^m&fia 12:*M- • 3:45 a
10:00a 2:05p*I1 : 05i
10:00a 11:00 a \Rjae2«5y 3:35 r 3:35 r
1;45p12;20p TO8S§5y 6A0 r B:15»
6:15 r 1:45 r >fisir b:19 p 10:01 »
.... 4:Mr - •vWSr-'- 8:50 r
• tla Cratitr C*N . '*¦¦ y Tagalpah U 1ID TalTg.
Ticxxt )626 Map.kxt St. (liorth fthore Aailroad)
Orricxs land S ausauto f kbby. Foot Market 3$,
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
SCt Tr*l«a l«are aad ar» da*
[ w £-^^)zjSAN FRANCISCO.
fToet of Market Street)
MA^e - MAIN LINE. - *aarr»"
Z-fiS* VaeaTUIe. WlatOTa, Baaaaey^, 755m
J-Wa Bealda. Klanlra aad Sacramesto.. 7JQp
, * „««»•• Martlae*. Saa Ramea %Mp
7J0ANnes.Tracr. Lathrep, fltocitoa.... T5§p
IJJOa 6htsta Kxprcta— (Tla Davis).
¦**t:::.ita» (for Bartlett Sprtngo.
WCloira. trrntow Kad BlaX
P-rtl»ad. Tacoma. Seattle T50«
•.00a Dst!«. Woodland. S af «sh ts Luadtea.
MarytTille. Cnteo. ototUIs 7-Sft*
9MA Tort Costa. Martinet. AnUoelL
Brroa. Trae/, Stockton. N*s»-
naa. Lea Baaoe. Mendet*.
Arraaca. Haaford. Vltalla.
Portarrllle 4 M»
•JOAPert Coata. Me4aate. If areec.
. Fr»»ao. Ooattan Jnaetlon. Haa-
ford. Vlaa!!a. Bakerafleld 440*
•JIPa Kilei, Saa Je*e, LtTermore. Skaex-
toa.(tMUt«B>. I»a?. S»cr*raento.
M ar j itI; ! e. CBtea. Ked Bias! .... 4.20*
I.IOA OaScdale. Chlnsse. Jaaeatoira. S>
nora. Tnolonae aad Angsts tQa*
I !30 a At! untie Expre«»-Og<leaaB4KaM. 5 23»
930a Bte^mrad, Martlnei • ail War
8tatloaa _ t-SOP
10 MA The Orerlaae Limited — Ocdaa.
Omiht, Chteigo, OeaTtr.Kaaaas
.... City. «t Leula SJ9»
12 22 A y»«»i<»- i2.2t»'
iu.uOaLo* Aarefee Paaaeager — Port
Cecta, MartlMs. Brrea, Traey.
LataM*. Slack ma, Merced.
R»X«3aa*. Frene. Geeaen Jne-
Uoa. Haaferd, Lemoere, Vlwlla.
Bakertfleld. Lee Angelee 7.J5»
If .SUM Barvare. Wl«a aad Way Statlaai. 1.23"
t1-60» SaeraaaratoIllTar Steamers^ t11.33»
1*0^ Baalcla, WlaMra. Saernaieatev
We«4IaB4. wineva. Ka!rata
Laadlas, MarysTUle. Or»Tllle
aad way atatlena 1SS9*
MZHp nayward.VU«s aad Way gutieaa.. ltd*
4 OOP Marttaes.8aa Ram*n.V»!leJo.5ip».
Caltstega. Baau Resa. 3 23a
4 00Pirnes,Traey.8teekkra.Le4l iifl»
4 30»H»yTrar4. Biles. Irrlagtom, Seat tiM«
_¦ ¦ Jeae. LtTamere > 111.51*
I W»Ti« Owl Llattod— Memata. L»«
Saaea. Meodoia, Trm**. Tulare,
aketsae!d.LeeAanlae. tN*
11 30i» Hiyward. Nllea aad Baa Je«e 749a
8.CC»H«T»ard.m r l]«an« 6uitt«. f.SflA
¦•OOPZastera Xxpresa— Ofdea. Oaaka,
Caleace, DeaT«r, Xaaaaa City.
St. Loala. Tla Martinez. Stoekton.
_ ,, ' - Sacrameate. Celfax. Reae 12.ISP
t.BO* Tallcje. dally, except daaday... . » - ,,,
7X0P Vallejo. Strnday «a!y f 7MP
r-OflPKloamaad. Baa Pabl*. Part Ceeta,
- Uarttaes and Way Staneaa 11.29a
7 0t^Bea» Passenger— rert Ceata. Sal-
ia». Elmlra. Darli. 8aera»eate,
Traekee, Laka Taaoe. Beae,
mmm Teaeaaa. Sparks 7-lBA
|.CS»rort Costa. Mirtlaes. Brraa.
Traey, Latkrs*. Medeste.
Merced, Bereada. rresa* aad
Way Stattoas Wyoad Pert Caata 12-M»
IOSp Iwemite Vaney. Tla Bereada aad
Wawona S-Sfl*
S4ISP Martlaes. Traey. atoektea "13.23a
14)e> Oregtm it Caltforata Ixprete— #ae-
raaeatev MiryiflSe, BeMtag;
PerUaad.PegatSooadaadXart. I ISa
1.1 Op H ar» «rd. Nllea aad 8aa Jeee (Srna-
dayealy) IIJIa
COAST LINE (Karrew fla«feV *
. <Tt>t at Marltet afreet.)
7.45a BsataCrasBxear<lon(Saadayaaly) |.19»
••16a Vewark. Oeatermie, Saa Jose,
feltea. Benlder Creek. BlgBeeta.
Santa Cms aad Way SUUoas... IIS*
Tfl.ibA Alrarado. Newark. 8aa Jose, Lee
eai«a,Oleaweod, feltoa, Bovlder
Creek. Big Basta. Santa Oras.... t.19»
t2.16p Vewark. CeatarrlU*. Saa Joae,
Hew Almadea, Loa G ttat.Paltoa.
Boalder Creek. Saata Craa aad
Prlaelpal Way BUtleas _ IDJSa
4.1Ip Vewark. Saa Joae. Los Gatoa tt-BSA
4.1 Sp Wright, Boulder Creek and SaaU
Craz. Saturday aad Sunday enry. oft.SS*
COAST^ LINE <Uread -a«*.u
HT~ (laird aad Tawaaead atreete.)
' 6.10a Baa Jos* aad Way Station* |.)]*
t7 .00a Saa Joae aad Way gut tons ... g AQ»
7.15a Meaterey aad Santa Crns Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 1050*
8 I»0a New Almaden (Taet.. Prld.. only). 4.13»
BOOaTIib Coaster— 8as Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo, Pase Roalef. ¦ Santa
Margarita, San Loll Oblipo.!anta
Barbara. Saa BaenaTentora.
MontalTe, Oxnard. Barsank. Loa
Angelea 13-45*
S.OOa GUroy. Holllster. Caarrornii.. Del
Monte, Pacific Orore. Sarf. Lem-
poc -. 18 45P
t.OOA *»n Jeie. Tr«a Plans. Capitols.
SaataC'ruz^sciaeareve.Sallnaa,
Saa Lota Obtipe and Prlnelpa;
Way Stattoaa 4-IOp
1030a Saa Jote and Way Stations 1-23p
11 3Ca Siata Clara. Ban Jot*. Lot Satoe
and W«t Station* 7.30*.
1.3Cp San Jea* and Way Buttons 8 33*
tSCtpDel Monte Kxprwit— Santa Clara,
San Jo**, Del Monte. Maaterey.
Pacific GroT* 1215*
UOPBarllaicame, 8an Joae. GHrey, Bol-
liiter. Tr»s P!noa. Pajaro, Capi-
tola. Santa Cras. CaatroTHie.
Sa!lnaa, Padnc Gr<nr* 18-4<a,
4.S0P 'to Jote aad Way Stations fS 00*
tS COp SaaU Clara. San Joae, L«t O»tci.
Wrfgkt and principal Way 3tv
,_ __ tlona (except Sandtr) ttOOA
I5-3Bp aaaJe*eaadPrinclpalWay8Uttona 1340a
a 4S*> Bantet Expreat.— Redweed. Saa
• Jote,Gllrdy.EaiInat,PaTOReb!ea.
Ban l.uli Obl«no. Paota Barbara.
Lo* Angelea, )>emlng;. KI Ft«%
Krw Orleant. New York 7 10a
S45p Fajaro. Ctpltola, Sasta Cres. Caav
trsTOIe.I^l Moats.P»cl JcGroTe. 1845»
tl 1i> tat Mitfo. Bere»rord,B»lmoat,g*a
Carlos. Kedwo*d, Fair Oaka.
MtnioPark. P»:o Aito tf.4S*
6-30P ?«a Jme and W«y SUuens. » 5i»
800p Pa'.o Alto aad Way 8tatloas 10.15*
1 1 .30p aonth Saa Fraaelte*. M tllara*. Bor-
]*BsaiB« % Uaa Xateo, Belment.
Baa Curlot. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Manlo Park, aad Palo Alto I.4X*
B11 30p Mayfleld. Mountain Vlaw. Suaay*
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
s g»n Joie tt.4Sp
A for Morning. P tor Afteraoo*.
t Eaada.T exeepted. t Svaday oaly
t. Saturday enly. » Maaday wary.
1 Siuot at alL sutloaa ea Sna4ay>
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSSE
JAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1F15
BAH.WAT COMPA3TT.
Tiburon rerry. root of Market Street.
SAN rSAHCXSCO TO SAW XA7AZX*
WKEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:0W. 0:W, U:t>0 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 0:10. 3:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. va.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:0O. 9:30. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30,
2:30 3;4O. 5:10. 8:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAX ' BATASL TO SA3f 7SA2VCXSCO.
v%fctK UAYS— e:0&. 6:oO. T:a3. T.U>. »-M.
11:18 a. in.: 12:50. 12:00, 3:40. 6:00, 8:20.
ri:L F 5 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
S:1O. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 8:25. 7:50 p. m.
fExcgpt Saturdays. _
LeaTe I In Effect I Arrtve
San Fran. | May 1. 10O4. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna- I San- I Week
Days. 1 days. | Uon. I daya. \ Days.
7:30a 7:«a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a ,2 : i2*,2 :^*
8:W>a »:30a Ltnacla. 10:20 a 10:20 »
2:30 p 2:ru>p «-0Op Op
5:10 p 5:10 p »^P TJ D
!^; ;-. 8:45 p -
T-Kfta 7 -30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
I;IS. 8:00 S Novato.- 10:Mal0:2Oa
2-30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
~T--U»a. 7-30 a ~ 10:20 a 10:20 a
l&l l;wa Fulton. 7:25 p «:2Op
2:30 P 2:30 p 8.4a p 7.-ap
Windsor.
7 -30 a 7:30 a Healdsburc 10:20 a 10:20 »
Lytton.
2-30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p T:23 j>
' ( dovyrdale.
7:30 at 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. |7:25p|7:25p
i j Wllllta. j j
7:30 a| 7:30 af Sherwood. j 7:23 p| 7:23 p
8-G0a| 8:O0a| Guernevllle and J10:2Oa|lO:20 a
2:30 p I 2:30 pj Camp VacaUon. | 8:45 p| tt:2tfp
"8Tdb~a~Tb0 a 8 :40 a| 8 :40 a
6-10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 8:00 p> 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 pi
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 8:26 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Watts
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke' a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at ClOTerdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Kopland tor Duncaa
Springs Highland Springs. Ketseyvtlle. Carts-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Srrlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's Riverside. Llerley*s. Bucknell's.
Saohedrtn Heights. Hullville. Orr'» Hot
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at .WlHlts for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sberwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle, Cummins. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Ku-
''satnrday to Monday round-trip Uckats at re-
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all polats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
*2jSFu FRAZ1ER, R- X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager Gen. Pass. Aet.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
V A^V^BTISEMENTi
CAST0RIA
for Infants and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
Sears ths /^J/f- '^S/^fio'^^\{?^
Signature of C/cd^/jCT^^jU^iTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1904.
"Confound the railroads!" exclaimed
Suburbs,' as he entered the office an
hour late and took off his coat. •
"Train late again, I suppose?"
asked Townley.
. "Not at all. For the first time In
six months the measly thing was on
time, and. of course, I missed it."—
Town Topics.
Local milkmen have become decidedly more tractable
to the demands which the Board of Health has made
upon them for the proper sanitation of dairies and the
purity of the liquid most frequently misnamed milk. It
will soon be the public's turn to take part in this vitally
important controversy and to determine by experience
whether or not this new reform is simply the repetition
of an old story of imposition.
THE DAY WE CELEBRATED.
Spoke in Wrong Ear.
A certain young man about town Is
afflicted with the extremely bad habit
c-f borrowing money from his friends
and of never repaying the loan. His
reputation on that score is generally
known and on that account many of
his friends get out of his way if they
see him coming first.
One day an elderly friend of his
acquaintance- met him in the street
before he could dodge behind the near
est telegraph pole to escape his impor
tunities. Now the elderly one is rather
deaf so far as his right ear is con
cerned, but hears perfectly well with
his left. He braced himself for the
"touch," which he knew was inevitable,
as his young frierM approached him.
"Hello, governor," said the latter,
grabbing his hand and addressing him
self to the right ear. "I am a little
shfrrt to-day. Can you accommodate
me with the loan of ten dollars?"
"I can't hear very well in this ear;
go 'round to the other," said the partly
deaf man.
The young man did as he was bid
and speaking into his friend's left ear,
said:
"I say, old chap, can you let me have
$20?"
The "old chap" winced as he heard
the second request for the increased
loan, and as he handed over the dou
ble eagle sorrowfully said:
"Dear me. I wish you had spoken in
the left ear in the first place."
Men as Projectiles,
A Singhalese newspaper published
in Colombo, Ceylon, is tired of the
paucity of news about the war and in
order to regale its readers it now and
then manufactures some, of which the
following is a sample — a translation
by the Ceylon Times:
"The Sultan was communicated
with regarding an approaching con
flict and, being a great friend of the
Japanese monarch, he sent a specially
trained company of swordsmen, each
of whom with a sword In his hand is
shot away from the mouth of a run
at the enemy Just as ordinary shrap
nel would be. On arrival among; the
enemy he makes short work of them
by his sword play. These swordsmen
are now fighting for Japan and gain
ing victories."
Small wonder that Klnchou and
Nanshan fell!
'Jtnszicrs to Queries.
NEW YORK GOVERNMENT— A. D.
S., City. It costs J55.0O0.00O a year to
run the government of New York City.
There are in round numbers 46,000 per
sons on the pay roil.
THE ZALINSKI GITS— E. C. D..
City. In 1S83 D. M. Medford of Toledo.
Ohio, first adapted the air gun to
throwing dynamite and shortly there
after Lieutenant Zalinski and Captain
Eartlett of the United States army per
fected the gun named to meet the uses
and needs of a weapon In warfare.
PETERBOROUGH— M. G.. City.
Peterborough, an episcopal city and
parliamentary borough. Is chiefly in
Northamptonshire, partly in Hunting
donshire. England, on the left bank of
the Nene. It is thirty-seven miles
northeast of Northampton and seventy
six miles northnortheast of London, by
rail.
THE general movement against the toy pistol
proved ineffective in keeping down the number of
Fourth of July accidents. The reports next morning
from a small part of the country, brought the details of
fifty accidents causing fifteen deaths and with the lock
jaw returns to come. The toy pistol and did-not-know
it-was-loaded shotgun were in evidence in several States
and Territories making jocund the grave digger and
bringing joy to the undertaker. The rocket's red glare
injured the insurance companies by over-glaring on a
great many buildings, and even the fizzy pinwheel
started things going in several towns, resulting in a. fine
crop of burns, blisters and burials.
The press and police of the country joined in trying to
have a less sanguinary celebration than usual, and there
were hopes that they would succeed. But there is no
perceptible diminution in painful accidents and loss of
life. ';'/:^.
Watchfulness seems to be in vain. Carelessness is
not confined to juvenile patriots. The adult article
figures in the returns along with the children, and the
killed and^ wounded were greater in number than the
victims of most of the battles in any recent war. There
seems no way to stop it. Warning and experience are
unavailing and the only thing that sensible people can
do is to get away from the crowd that is determined on
dying for its country.
TO EXPRESS THOUGHT— C. H..
City. If you wish to express your
thoughts fluently and coitttsely go to
the Free Public Library and call for
books that contain the speeches of
many of the best orators. By studying
these you will be able to form an idea
cf "how to string: together word*
phrases and sentences."
Special Information supplied daily *o
business houses and public men by tha
Press CHpr.!rg Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In.
artistic ftrcetched boxes. 715 Market st_*
GOLD QUARTERS — Subscriber*
City. The United States mints never
coined any gold quarter dollars. The
smallest gold coin issued out of! the
United States mint was the dollar
piece, first coined In 1&43 and coined
continuously each year until 1SS9. when
it was discontinued. What are called
gold quarters and halves are manu
factured by jewelers and can be pur
chased In large quantities at face
value.
•The bonds which Oakland generously voted recently
for the erection of new school buildings and for the
improvement of those now in existence have been pur
chased by Oakland banks and the great public better
ment will soon be under way. The city is to be con
gratulated for the progressive spirit that inspired the
bonds, for the confidence Oakland people have in their
own , financial resources and for the general benefit to
the State in the/ advancement and prosperity of one
of its cities. .
Royalty Prefers Partners.
That royal women are so passionately
fond of dancing is not to be wondered
at since It is only within a compara
tively recent period that the rigorous
etiquette by which they have been sur
rounded has been modified to the point
where it is permissible, in a game of
golf or tennis, or any game whatever,
for an opponent of less exalted rank
to play his or her best game without
infraction of the I rule that, not even
by accident, should the royal player
be defeated. Golf, tennis and such
games lost interest with those who
were obliged to play under these con
ditions, and it was only natural that
queens* and princesses regarded the
ballroom as the sole place where they
might indulge in exercise on an equal
footing with the partner instead of an
opponent. Queen Wllhelmina of Hol
land prefers the waltz. Queen Alex
andra, although over sixty, still waltzes
with as much pleasure as In the days
of her youth. Her sister, the Empress
Marie of Russia, despite her widowhood
and her many grandchildren, is still
an indefatigable waltzer. as is also
Queen Charlotte of "Wurttemberg. So
Important, indeed, is the matter of
dancing to crowned ladies that many
foreign governments make a point of
selecting for certain missions envoys
noted for their skill as waltzers.
.Throughout the reign of Queen Mar
gherita of Italy the British Foreign
Office took care to be represented at the
Italian court by the best dancer availa
ble, the late Lord Vivian; his successor,
Sir Francis Ford, and after him the
late Lord Dufferin, having been as
much noted for their dancing as for
their diolomatlc skill. Germany, too,
followed the example of Great Brit
ain, and was for years represented at
Rome by Count Solms, who was in
variably selected by Queen Margherita
to open the ball with her at any. enter
tainment where she happened to be
present.— Illustrated Sporting News.
The Dutch contributed another bloody page , to the his
tory of European aggression recently, when in one of
their campaigns in Sumatra they killed hundreds of
men, women and children. Hundreds of years ago this
butchery of inoffensive and helpless people would have
adorned the record as a triumph of arms. Now it passes
into human history as it is; a dreadful, wholesale murder
that stains the honor of those that permitted it or made
it possible y
Quecr Championship Contests.
Among the little known but keenly
contested honors . is that of being the
champion bootblack of London. Since
the title was created two years ago it
bas been held by XV. CoutSi but recent-
Rising to his full height — he measures
a good six feet though somewhat stoop
ehouldered—he stretched forth his
einewy arms, supple wrists and strong
hands.
"Here an* In ma head," he said, with
a touch of pride, "lies the power the
lx>rd ha* given me— a natural jjift for
"Sure, I'm cured, meester," piped one
of them, "Eh, but he's a wonder, mees
ter; just look at what he's done for
me," chimed in the other as he walked
proudly across the room, with his
crutches under his arm.
Slipping into the little bedroom which
serves him as a eurgery I found the
"Doctor" seated in an arm chair smok
ing a pipe and enjoying a brief respite
from his hard work. Tall, strong
framed and rugged of feature he is in
appearance much the same as thousands
of other Scots. Yet there is something
strikingly • intelligent in his homely
face. Shrewdness, good humor and
kindliness shine from the gray eyes be
neath the bushy brows silvered with
the passage of years, for he is now well
over sixty. The firm mouth and chin,
the latter partially hidden In a short
beard, indicate a character of forceful
doggedness and clear purpose.
"What is the secret of your treat
ment?" I asked him after greetings
had been exchanged.
"Secret?" he exclaimed, scornfully,
*'ther*s na secret aboot It; It's Juist
pooling tha bones back in tha places
where they belong."
GLASGOW. June 25.— Whatever j
skeptical medical men in America, bas- !
Ing their cabled opinions on cabled re
ports, may think of William Rae. the
Scottish V>onesetter. whose exploits are
the talk of the United Kingdom, no
one can visit the little village of Blan
tyre, in which he has temporarily es
tablished his "surgery.*' without! ob
taining abundant evidence that the
man is really possessed of a wonder
ful gift. I found the little place full of
pilgrims, mostly from Lancashire and
Yorkshire, afflicted with every variety
nf deformity, many of which have baf
fled the doctors for years. No need was
there to ask where Rae lived.* I sim
ply followed the throng until I came
to where a crowd stood around the
gate of a humble cottage which has
already become famous throughout
England as the Scottish Lourdes. Some
of the pilgrims limped painfully on
crutches. Others wore clump-soled
boots and irons. Gray-headed men and
women and little children in arms were
among them. While I stood there, tak
ing in the scene, a young woman, with
tears of gladness trickling down her
cheeks, came out of the bouse, and in
response to eager inquiries related her
•xperienee. For years she had been
suffering from hip disease, one leg be
ing shorter than the other. Doctors
she had tried without relief and at last
her friends advised her to go to Blan
tyre.
"It didn't hurt me a bit," she said,
¦'not one bit. He Just got hold of my
leg, gave it a pull, then pushed it right
back and it was all over. Of course
I walk Just a bit lame still, as you
see, but it feels, oh! so much easier.
I am to bathe the Joint every morning
with cold water and walk as much as
1 can. Eh, but he's a clever man, he
Passing In by the open door I found
the tiny passage lined with patients
¦waiting their turn. The front parlor
•was full of them; they stood in two
rows on the narrow staircase; and ac
I entered the waiting-room two little
boys were tying up their crutches in
a bundle so as to carry them away the
"Has he cured you?" I asked.
The Xcii' Scotch Lorenz
The Tuileries' sparrows have implicit
confidence in Pere Pol. They perch on
his hands, his head and his shoulders
and accept bread from his fingers or
his lips indifferently. He has given
names to his favorites — Madeleine,
Belle Etoile. Marguerite, Boblnet, Joli
Coeur, Garibaldi, Scipio Afrlcanus —
which they recognize and respond to
with exemplary promptness. At a
word from him, "Choco," or "Rivoli,"
or "Jeannette," or "Qui-Veut-l'Argent"
poises like a huming-bird before his
faca' waiting his orders, and then, the
order given, salutes him with a dainty
peck on the lips, which is intended for
a kiss, or pounces, with the sure agil
ity of a king-bird, on a crumb in mid
air. All the "pierrots" appear to be
keenly sensitive to both the praise and
the blame of their devoted friend and
take a comical delight in the trans
parent little jokes he plays upon them.
Pere Pol is on terms of intimacy with
the pigeons also — with four in partic
ular, "Ferdinand," "Ernest," "Baland
ard" and "Mon Canard" by name — but
he plainly prefers the "pierrots" and
he often sends the pigeons away be
cause they prevent, by their greediness,
the sparrows from cettlnc their ra
tions.—Boston Transcript.
There is no city in the world, proba
bly, where animal pets are made so
much of as in Paris. The half-domesti
cated birds of the city's numerous open
spaces come in for a large share of
this affectionate Interest, and of these
birds, the saucy sparrows (the "pier
rots") are easilv first in popular favor.
Nearly every park and square has
Its sparrow charmer, who is a good
deal of a personage in his district, a
sort of local, celebrity, in fact. A few
of them are veritable Parisian celebri
ties, notably Monsieur Pol (commonly
called Pere Pol), a retired Government
employe of a highly respectable aspect,
who has fed the sparrows of the Tuil
eries twice a day for many years.
The Tuileries Charmer.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
£ HENRIETTA STREET, COYENT
GARDEN. LONDON. June 25.—Music
lovers here had their anticipations
aroused by the reports from Monte
Carlo as to the merits of Saint-Saens'
new opera, "Helene," which was given
In the Riviera for the first time last
February, and its production at Covent
Garden was waited for with uncommon
interest. First night opinions pro
nounced the new work, which is in one
act, worthy to rank with its author's
r>cst efforts, and it may be said with
out exaggeration that nothing more
operatically dexterous or tunefully re
f.ned has been heard at the Royal
Opera-house in many years than this
new piece by the author of "Samson
•t Delilah." The scoring, beautifully
balanced, is an impressive feature of
"•Helene." and particularly satisfactory
to the modern ear is the low-toned,
ecnorous bass, which lends dignity to
the effect of the music
Seldom, at least in London, has an
opera been staged more beautifully.
The fecne is, of course, Troy, and this
has given the opportunity for a series of
stage pictures which are a delight to
remember. The whole thing is the story
of the flight of Helen and Paris turned
into a love allegory and purposed to
chow the supreme royalty of love over
all the other passions of man. Melba,
•who sang the title role, already had
done so at Monte Carlo, but since that
time the composer has made many
changes in his score, so that the prima
<k nna had to relearn her part entirely.
However, she was in her best form and
ties recalled many times after the fall
of the curtain, as was M. Dalmores. the
Paris, and Miss Parkina, the venus.
FpecUl Correspondence.
Scint-Sacns' New Opera.
ly at . the annual competition at the
headquarters of the Central Shoeblack
Society, in Great Saffron Hall, the
honor was won by C. Smith, who for a
year will have the right to wear a gold
medal and bar. At a given signal the
six competitors attacked the boots of
six members of the committee, and the
rapidity with which the transformation
from dirty to clean was effected was
marvelous. Lord Kinnaird, who was
present, distributed the prizes won.
"Several months ago I happened
across a pamphlet published by the
government of ay Southern State in
which were some 'interesting statistics
regarding the complexion of the inmates
of the State insane asylum." Hobart
Langdon said. "Only 3 per cent of
the total had light hair and only 2 per
cent blue eyes.
• "It struck me as a rather curious
fact that dark-haired and dark-eyed
people should so largely predominate
among the insane, but the matter of
latitude might play some part in this".
I thought; for naturally there -were
more dark than light-haired people
in "that section. Just as a matter of
curiosity, however, I thought I would
write to asylum authorities in. certain
other parts of the country to see what
the ratio of light-haired inmates was
to those who were dark, and expected
to find the percentage Increase in com
munities where . the total of light
haired was larger, but in this I was
mistaken; so I. am led to infer from
the statistics I gathered that there is a
greater possibility of insanity among
dark-haired than among light-haired
people.* ;: V
"My figures were obtained from
sixty-eight asylums, located in nearly
every State in the Union, and a few
in .Canada and England. The total
number of patients in these institu
tions was 16,512, of whom 70S had
light hair and only 66 red or auburn
locks. In other words, 96 per cent of
the inmates were brunettes, with either
black or brown hair, the latter in
varying shades. In one asylum in New
England there was not a single in
mate that was "not a brunette. Of
course, I do not know how to account
for this, for I am not a specialist In
such matters, and only secured the
statistics out of pure 'curiosity, but it
certainly looks as though blondes were
less liable to insanity than those with
darker hair or eyes.
"Another peculiar feature about the
facts I obtained, however, was that
the percentage of those regarded as
incurably insane was much greater
among the blondes than among the
brunettes. The totals show that among
the dark-haired inmates only 53 per
cent were marked hopelessly, Insane,
while among the blondes 81' per cent
were put in this category, and that
only three among the red-haired pa
tients escaped the same classifica
tion." — St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
Complexion and Insanity.^
Provisions. -»'l;ich have been more active and firm at
Western packing centers during the past two or three
weeks, are row showing less activity and the paciers
have apparently ceased to support the market. The
disposition now is to sell. Speculation on the Chi
cago Board of.Tr.-.de has been somewhat livelier in all
lines of produce, as the wet weather throughout the
West has unsettled the markets and imparted a feverish
tone to a previously tame and uninteresting situation.
The statistics are now running better. The railway
earnings for June as far as received show gains of from
3 to 4 per cent over the corresponding month last year.
Collections at the end of the fiscal year closing June 30
were better than anticipated. The reduction in the out
put of many products has led to a corresponding reduc
tion in stocks of general merchandise, and the jobbers
and retailers are making better reports in consequence.
The bank clearings keep about where they have been
for some weeks past, the aggregate weekly clearings
averaging about $1,800,000,000, while the loss from last
year ranges from 5 to 20 per cent. The decrease last
week was 5.6 per cent, with the largest cities about,
equally divided between losses and gains as compared,
with 1903. The failures for the week were 206, against
104 last year, and included none worth talking about.
The national market for securities, such as railway
and industrial shares, has apparently emerged from its
stagnant and despondent state, which may be character
ized as a prolonged fit of the blues, and is now buoyant,
with a tendency toward a higher plane of quotations.
There are now signs that the public, which so long re
fused to touch stocks even with a long and safe pair of
tongs, are now nibbling at the market again, though
nothing is expected in this line until the midsummer
holidays are over, some weeks hence. •
The situation, yi Wall street is clearly expressed by a
leading bond house as follows: "The present activity
in the b6nd market, which has been apparent to all
since the.city of "New York succeeded in floating its big
May loan, ought to continue well into July. Conditions
are very much different this summer than they were last.
A year ago there # was an utter lack of confidence in the
financial situation and investors were afraid to buy any
thing. Confidence is now returning. Investors have had
time to separate the wheat from the chaff, and they are
re-entering the investment market with caution but with
courage.^ There is a general feeling that the crops can
not turn out, very badly, that we have seen the worst of
the business depression and that the election of Mr.
Roosevelt is a certainty. Investors who . earlier in the
year believed that they could buy bonds during the sum
mer at lower prices are now coming, into the bond mar
ket because they believe that we are to have a steady
improvement in prices.^
Our local coast situation remains unchanged. There
is no depression here, nor has there been any. It looked
for a time as. if the wave of recession slowly advancing
westward across the continent would soon. reach us, but
it has not and may never. Traders quieter than last year
at this time and margins of profit are probably narrower,
but considering their abnormal width, of. the past five or
six years what pruning they have received thus far in
1004 will not seriously injure any interest. Ships and
lumber are the quietest lines on the coast at present, al
most, all others being fairly active and in good condition.
Crop prospects continue excellent.
THE commercial and financial elements of the coun
try are now in the height of what is usually termed
the midsummer lull, and at this season nobody ex
pects any activity. Even- in the liveliest times business
is always slack during July and August and part of Sep
tember. Yet from all sections cheering reports are re
ceived and none report trade actually dull. The spirit
of pessimism which so generally prevailed during the
spring has almost wholly disappeared, and all markets
reflect the tone of confidence which became perceptible
about a month ago and /which has been gradually in
creasing ever since.
This confidence is based upon three factors: 1 First,
the general abundance of money both in this country
and in Europe; second, the generally excellent condition
of the three or four important crops, and third, the con
viction that the coming elections will not result in any
violent disturbance of financial and commercial condi
tions. It is distinctly seen that the country is on a sound
business basis and that there is nothing in sight to cause
any apprehension, as to the future.
As far as the important industries of the country are
concerned the most cheerful reports are coming in. True,
excessive rains throughout the West, Southwest and
Northwest have materially reduced previous estimates
of the yield, particularly in Kansas and the Red River.
Valk-3', but in spite of this the crop will be ample to
satisfy the requirements of the country. There will be
less for export, but the export of wheat is not the over
shadowing factor that it was some years ago, for as the
country's population increases and its wants become
more diversified, we are heeding more wheat at home
and care less for an exportable surplus. Still, we shall
probably have a respectabie quantity for export in any
event. The cotton crop bids fair tc be very large, with
the chances for good prices excellent. Cool weather
has been rather asjainst the corn crop of late, but an
ample yield of this cereal is almost assured.
As for wool, it is remarkably active. Boston reported
last week th?t the demand was livelier than for a year or
more, the American Woolen Company alone taking some
8,000,000 or 10.000.000 pounds of the raw material, while
the demand in the Northwest of late has been unprece
dented. In Wyoming and Montana Eastern buyers have
been .^couring the country for fleece, and such has been
their eagerness f>>r supplies that they have bought the
clip on the sheep's back. According to a reliable au
thority there some .20.000,000 pounds have thus far been
secured and about half of it brought 17c per .pound. It
ha? been a Scramble for wool. Buyers have not waited
for ihc usual public sales, but have dispatched mounted
mm Jo every nook and corner in quest of fleece, and
prices have advanced from ic to 3c per pound. Not for
some years have current prices been equaled. How this
boom in wool- will be received by the manufacturers and
what effect it will have on the manufactured product
later on remain to be seen, but one thing is certain — thus
far 1 he grower ha:» made a lot of money.
The lumber trade continues quiet and iii some sections
H d^pres<ed, with stocks burdensome and the mills de
i creasing; the Prices for iron and steel products
I are slightly lower, with all markets reported quiet.
1 This industry, which maintained such a fever heat for
rive or six ; c-r< that its soil produced the steel trust.
is now well down toward the tail end of the industrial
I column. The hide market has been firm of late, with
: fair activi»>'v'Ci>orted.
"Gum! It's a' richt," he exclaimed,
"an' I'll be able to play in the next
njatch."
So things went on for the couple of
hours that I remained in the room.
Two little mites, swathed almost from
head to foot with bandages and sur
gical appliances were brought in by
their mother. She said the doctors had
told her they were suffering from hip
and spinal diseases, and held out small
hope of cure. When the Jiparted with
them, radiantly happy, the surgical ap
pliances had r.ll been discarded. Sev
eral other cures were wrought on the
spot. In nearly every instance Rae was
able to afford some relief. W'.ien he
could accomplish nothin he would ac
cept no fee. In other cases his charge
was to all the same— J»2 50., But when
patients were obviously too poor to pay
it he bestowed just as mu.h care on
them for nothing. So great have been
the demands on his skill that the rail
way has run special excursion trains
to accommodate those who sought re
lief from him. In a single day he has
treated as many as 200. The train by
which I returned to Glasgow was filled
with people who were loudly proclaim
ing their admiration of him. One
Scotchman, after pitching the crutches
that he no longer needed out of the
window, declared his conviction that
William Rae was a greater man than
"Robbie"' Burns.
An old man next entered the room.
One leg was fairly straight, but the
other bont inward, so that he rolled
rather than walked. He hud been that
way for ""nigh on fifty years." he said.
The ex-miner passed hi« hand care
fully over the leg that was all awry,
only to confirm the judgment he had
indicated to me I a significant glance
when the man entered the room that
his case was a hopeless one.
"Ye've bin ower. king, mon," he said,
returning to his chair. "Ye should
ha' haed this seen to when ye were
a bairn." The disappointed sufferer
slowly nulled on his socks and boots
and then as slowly put his hand in
his pocket.
"Na, na," said Rae, with a wave of
his hand, "ye can poot that back an'
gang awa' hame, my mon."
A youth of about sixteen, whose'ap
pearance plainly proclaimed curvature
of the spine, was the next patient.
¦ "Look at that, noo," exclaimed Rae
angrily, after the lad had pulled up
his shirt and exposed his back. "He
wouldna have a humpit back if his
fouks had brought him in to me when
he was a bairn. Xo man in the world
need ha' a humpit back if it's taken
in hand early enoo'."
He made the boy lie breast to breast
with himself and began handling the
spine, apparently with the object of
pressing it into place. This process he
continued for quite five minutes. When
at length the lad stood up he declared
that he felt much better, and, encour
aged, presented a thumb that had been
damaged by a ball in a game of cricket.
Rae felt it, pulled it, there was a click
and the boy's face lighted up as he
bent it to and fro. ;. -" : ¦"/.--¦
"Xa, na," he answered, shaking his
bead, "not in every case. Those aw can
du .nothin for aw leave alane, but
roaist time? something can be done if
they're na too old."
Rae was born at Larkhall, then a
sparsely populated village some fifteen
miles from Glasgow, ana when a lad
began to earn his living by working in
a colliery. He rose to be pit-head fore
man at Larkhall, but before he was out
of his teens, yielding, as he says to
"something that told me aw had it in
me." he began tq practice bone-setting,
giving his services gratuitously at first, !
but as experience rendered him more !
expert so numerous became his patients !
that he found he would either have to
relinquish his work at the colliery or
abandon the practice of bloodless sur
gery. He decided to stick to the latter
and in a rough way, by means of such
books as he could get hold of, he
studied anatomy, but in the school of
experience he has gained nearly all his
training. For doctors generally he has
a great contempt, which .is not un
natural, seeing how many come to him
for relief, and often obtain it, too,
whom doctors have failed to benefit
and pronounced incurable.
"Doctors'." he exclaimed scornfully,
"what du they knaw aboot these
things? Maist of the puir people that
ccme to me have had doctors enoo
fooling with 'em an' na guid have they
dcr.e 'em. They Juist tak their money
an' label their trouble with wrong
names an' maybe, after a lot of experi
menting, tell 'em they can't be cured.
I've had lots o* such cases that juist
needed some bones being set straight to
niak" all richt. There's doctors for ye!"
When he had finished his pipe he
said. "Aw must besrin wark again,
noo; there's lots waiting for me," but
he acceded to my request to be al
lowed to remain and see how he op
erated. The first case was a little chap
! with a six-inch pattern fixed on to one
boot. His mother brought him in and
told the old story that the "doctor"
must have heard hundreds of times
before. He hardly seemed to listen to
it. though his face lightened up, for
the case was a good one.
"I was saying just noo," he observed
to me after having carefully examined
ihe youngster's thigh, "that the doc
| tors know nothing aboot these things.
! H*>re"s an instance. They <a' this hip
! disease an' do nothing to cure it. It's
j juist a dislocated hip; that's what it
! is. Juist watch what I'll do with it."
Suddenly seizing the limb he gave
j it a jerk, there was a sharp crack, a
sharper "Ow!" from the boy. and the
doctor seated himself in his chair
again and relit his pipe.
"Ye may poot him in level boots.
j noo." he said to the mother, and be
| fore she realized what was happen-
I ing her "laddie" was walking about
I the room, delightedly waving the pat
| ten-weighted boot in the air.
understanding what's' wrong an* poot
ing it richt."
"Do you guarantee a cure in every
case?"
THE dogged tenacity shown by the Japanese on
land and sea and the surprise given by them to
the world in encompassing for the first time the
defeat of European troops by an Asiatic army makes in
teresting any information as to the contributing causes
thereof.
No factor bears more directly upon success or defeat
in battle than the quality of patriotism within the breast
of the common soldier. As it is upon him the^brunt of
the battle falls, anything tending to stimulate or detract
from his notriotism is of, high importance. At the out
break of the Russo-Japanese war reports were circulated
of the^great enthusiasm with which the cry to arms was
hailed from end to end of the Czar's "domain. It seems
now that the light which is beginning to sift through
the despotic envelope surrounding that country will show
that the conditions are hardly as tticy were described in
the beginning and that the Russian autocracy is whist
ling to keep its courage up. . . _
The limelight which was thrown on Finland by the
assassination of Governor General Bobrikoff has brought
into prominence the desperate efforts made by the little
father in attempting to force his military policy upon
that country. It has been apparent that the heavy penal
ties imposed by Bobrikoff upon those not complying with
the summons to military duty has had little effect." In
fact, in many places the summons has been entirely
ignored, not a single recruit appearing, while in other
localities only those presented themselves who were cer
tain to be rejected on account of bodily ailments.
The economic, depression and political discontent within
Russia are undoubtedly accentuated by the war and from
late reports the condition of things is not likely to be
bettered. A number of large firms in Moscow have be
come insolvent and business in Poland and Siberia is
practically at a standstill. Such cinformation has not
acted as a stimulus upon the Russian soldier, and per
sistent .reports of many desertions from the Russian
army come from widely -scattered points. Besides, that,
the socialistic propaganda has greatly interfered with
the mobilization of troops in the manufacturing districts.
A correspondent writing from the seat of war to a
Russian paper published in Geneva declares there is little
truth in the reports of the high military spirit and patriot
ism felt by the Russian soldiery, but that on the con
trary he has never heard an expression of enthusiasm
or even of, satisfaction from them. "He says, the regulars
go to the war resignedly because they are obliged^to go
wherever they are driven s and that the reserves all look
sad and erief-stricken, as ! nearly every one of them is
leaving behind a wife and three or four children without
any means of support. They do, not approve the war
and believe it is one of military conquest.
In speaking of the condition of the men the. writer
says the soldiers are aware that while they get perhaps
hardly one-tenth of what is appropriated for them, their
superiors are eating and drinking of the best at their
expense. The mode of transporting the soldiers to the
front is described as being enough to kill the most ardent
enthusiasm had there been any and that while the Red
Cross is appealing to the public for warm -clothing, the
reserves have to sell for a trifle or throw away their
civili«-yi overcoats, which have in many cases done duty
for a whole family, because the Government makes no
provision for returning them free to their homes.
These reports may account in some measure for the
gradual givinpr way of Russia's troops, who without
heart are fighting with a valor born of desperation, and
j may mr.ke patent the fact that the existing conditions are
not calculated to strengthen the moral authority of that
Government in the minds of the men who are struggling
to the death in her defense.
CHEERFUL TRADE REPORTS.
RUSSIAN PATRIOTISM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . v. . . . . « Address Afl Communications VjOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ."• •• .. . . . .Third and Market Streets. S. F.
MONDAY ./.........;... ...JULY n, 1904
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESChester and Milton McLaren, boys
of fourteen and twelve years respec
tively, were treated at the Central
Emergency hospital last night for
burns of the face and hands. The
lads, who live at 911 Ellis street, got
possession oi a quantity of powder.
This they placed in a tin can. A
fuse was attached and a match ap
plied, but before the boys could get
to a place of safety the powder ex
ploded, burning them severely.
Boys Burned by Powder.
Monsarrate Orkasio. a chalrmaker,
hanged himself in his room at 327
Montgomery avenue early yesterday
morning. He had fastened a strap to
the transom of his room and fixed the
other end 'around his neck. Thomas
Hanley. a roomer in the house, discov
ered the suspended form shortly after
Orkasio had taken the fatal drop, and
notified Policeman Silver, who cut the
body down. The corpse was removed
to the Morgue. Orkasio was 25 years
of age and no reason can be assigned
for his suicide.
Porto Rican Hangs Himself.
Miss Jeanette Alric, 810 Van Ness
avenue, and Mrs. Ernest Godeau were
driving In a buggy on Mason street,
between Jackson and Washington
streets, on Saturday njght when car No.
402 of the Jackson-street line struck
the hind wheel of the vehicle. The two
women were thrown into the street and
Miss Alric received a wound on her
scalp. Dr. Green, of 1030 Washington
street, was summoned and stitched and
dressed the wound. The parents of the
young lady declined to make a charge
against the grlpman.
Tlirown Out of a Buggy.
A daring burglary that has been
engaging the attention of the detec
tives occurred early Friday morning
at the Manhattan Hotel bar, 1706
Market street. The thieves, who were
undoubtedly familiar with the interior
arrangement of the saloon and the
custom of leaving considerable cash in
the place, obtained $65 as a result of
their operations.
The saloon adjoins the office of the
Manhattan Hotel. It . was closed at
two o'clock Friday morning by J. La
Verche, the bartender. About an hour
later Peter Mosher, the night clerk in
the hotel, heard a noise in the bar
and, under the impression that the
bartender had returned, went to the
door and called him by name. Re
ceiving no response, he came to the
conclusion that burglars were at work
and went in, search of an officer. Sev
eral minutes elapsed before he re
turned with a patrolman, but the
thieves had made their escape.
An examination of the premises
showed that the crooks had effected
an entrance by cutting away a por
tion of a glass door on Fell street and
slipping the. bolt. Nothing? was dis
turbed in the place except the coin,
which had been hid behind some bot
tles on the back bar. In view of the
fact of the proximity of the hotel of
fice and the all-night traffic on Mar
ket street the burglars showed great
boldness In their work. The police
have discovered no clew to the rob
bers.
Manhattan Hotel Bar Is Scene of Dar
ing Crime Early on Friday
Morning.
BURGLARS OPERATE IN A
MARKET-STREET SALOON
Further inquiry elicited the fact that
Brown first attacked the woman with
the razor in. a fit of jealousy because
she had been dancing with Chanez and
Chanez interfered to protect her when
Brown turned his attentions to him.
. Razors were used in a dance-hall at
408 Pacific street early yesterday morn-
Ing and as a result Pete Brown is at
the Central Emergency Hospital with
an ugly cut on his neck and Rayes
Chanez and Julia Apariso are in "the
tanks" at the city prison pending de
velopments.
Policeman Skaln and Special Police
man Gillin saw the two men and the
woman running out of the dance hall
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning and
stopped them. Brown was bleeding
from the wound on his neck and when
questioned he said that Chanez had
cut him with a razor. Chanez admitted
doing the cutting, but said that he did
It in self-defense, as Brown had made
two cuts at him with a razor which he
received on his coat and he showed two
cuts on that garment to confirm his
statement. ;
Pete Brown Attacks Julia Aparlso and
Rayes Chancz WIUi Razor and
Is Wounded Himself. .
LOVE LEADS TO CUTTING
AFFRAY IN DANCE HALL
John Harting of Anaheim, prior to
his visit to Washington, is visiting his
sister, Mrs. O. Berman, at her home on
Fulton street;
ing a few weeks in Lake County at
the Blue Lakes Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Branagan, accom
panied by their three children, Andrew
J., Annie C. and Kitty Branagan, left
last Wednesday evening for a month's
sojourn at Klamath Springs.
LIVERPOOL, July 10.— About sev
enty survivors of the wrecked Danish
steamer Norge have arrived here from
Stornoway, Scotland. They will sail
for New York on the Cunard line
steamship Aurania. *
Norge Survivors at Liverpool.
ASPEN, Colo., July 10. — Word has
reached here that 1500 sheep owned
by H. H. Lawson of Salt Lake had
been killed by Gunnison County cow
boys. Lawson had several thousand
sheep on the ranges in this vicinity.
One bunch was in Taylor Park in
charge of three herders. The cow
boys swooped down upon the herders
and disarmed them. Then they cut
the throats of about 1500 sheep.
Colorado Vaqueros Drive Off Herders
and Cut the Throats of Law
son's Cattle.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED SHEEP
SLAUGHTERED BY COWBOYS
WEBSTER CITY. Iowa, July 10.—
Webster City's penchant for municipal
ownership is to take new form — that
of a city-owned daily newspaper. This
departure in municipal enterprise
probably has not a counterpart in the
United States. The paper is to be
known as the Daily Graphic-Herald
and will be issued from the office of
the present Weekly Graphic-Herald,
the only Democratic paper in Hamil
ton County.
Webster City began her career as a
municipal ownership city many years
ago. She first-acquired possession of
her waterworks. Next came an elec
tric light and power plant. Then came
the city heating plant and now this
latest venture.
Iowa Town, Besides Conducting Sev
eral Public Utilities, Will Run
a Newspaper.
MUNICIPAL. OWNERSHIP
PLAN* TAKES NEW FORM
The transport Thomas, from Manila,
will be due here' late Wednesday night.
She brings 327 cavalry, 327 casuals, 40
general prisoners, 4i sick and 1 insane.
At the Presidio corrals are 210 mag
nificent specimens of thoroughbred and
high-class stallions, mares, geldings
and mules. The geldings and mules
will be sent to the army post in Hono
lulu, but the stallions and mares will
go out to the insular service in the
Philippines. There they will be inter
bred with the small native horses of
those islands with a view to raising
the standard of the stock in the
islands.
These animals have come from all
parts of th6 country and are the best
the Government officials could pur
chase. They have been bought in the
finest marts of New York. Boston.
Kentucky, Texas and Mexico. Presl^
dent Roosevelt has taken a personal
interest In the move that resulted In
the shipment, and it was at his sug
gestion that the Government decided to
send the animals out. A further ship
ment is expected from the East daily.
The lot will go out in the transport
Dix, which Major C. A. Devol is busily
engaged in getting ready for their ac
commodation. He expects she will sail
about August 1.
The transport Buford, which arrived
at Skagway on July 7, sailed from that
port for Valdez Bay last night. She
carried away from here the Third In
fantry, which is to be stationed at dif
ferent Alaskan ports.
The transport Sherman, which sailed
from this port for Manila on July 1,
arrived 8t. Honolulu Saturday night,
bring twenty-four hours overdue. She
has on board a large number of army
officials, a lot of casuals and a small
body of recruits.
Private aflvices received here yester
day state that General Adna R. Chaffee
will arrive in San Francisco early in
August. Borne time ago, when General
Chaffee announced his intention of
coming: westward to make a tour of
inspection, his itinerary only embraced
the northern departments, this depart
ment being omitted. Since that time,
however, he has evidently changed his
mind, as he is coming to San Fran
cisco. He will be accompanied by Mrs.
Chaffee. Whether or not the visit here
will be in the form of a tour of in
spection or simply a visit of a personal
nature has not been announced. '
The following order has been issued
by General MacArthur regarding the
United States troops to take part in
the big: battle exercises at Atascadero:
The THrd Battalion. Tenth Infantry; head-
Quarters, band and the Provisional Battalion,
composed of Companies A, C, D and K, Thir
teenth Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel William L.
Pltrher- and the Provisional Battalion, com
posed of Companies B. F, I and M. Twenty
eighth Infantry; the Fifteenth Infantry (entire
regiment), and the Company of Instruction,
Hospital Corps No. 2, are designated to take
part in the field exercises to be held at the
camp at Rancho del Encinal, San Luis Obispu
County, California, and will proceed by rail, in
time to be in camp on the night of August 8,
l'.<04. »
Company C, Signal Corps, now absent at
tending- the field exercises In the Department of
the Columbia, will, upon its return to this de
partment, proceed as soon as possible to the
camp at Rancho del Encinal to take part In the
field exercises at that place.
The quartermaster's department will furnish
the necessary 1 transportation, the subsistence
department suitable travel rations, with funds
for the purchase of liquid coffee, and the medi
cal department will provide medical attendance
and supplies.
Mannix had been before the Citizens'
Committee several times during the
past week and his resignation demand
ed. This he refused to give and the
County Commissioners were requested
to remove him. They replied that they
were advised by counsel that they had
no authority to remove Mannix and de
clined to meet the request of the com
mittee. Mannix feared for his safety
and a guard of military was placed at
his residence. Late last night he de
cided to leave the district and General
Bell and a detail of soldiers accompa
nied him. Mannix said he was not being
deported. Discussing the case, Gen
eral Bell Is credited with saying:
"There is no telling what would hap
pen if Mannix remained in the district.
He left because he thought it would
be facing death to remain about Crip
ple Creek with conditions as they are
to-day. Many of these men are al
most mad and probably would be
guilty of foolish acts «r the occasion
came up. They are not sane in their
judgment and their prejudices carry
them to extremes. It seems to be now
a case of settling up old grudges and
you can't tell what will happen. We
are doing the best we can with soldiers
who sometimes work day and night."
VICTOR, Colo., July ~10.— Frank P.
Mannix, Clerk and Recorder of Teller
County, has left Victor, having been
accorded a military guard as far as
Canon City. The guard was com
manded by Adjutant General Bell.
General Bell in Command
of Troops That Escort
Official to Canon City
GUARDED BY SOLDIERS
Mai-Arthur Details Forced
to Take Part in the Exer
cises at Camp Atascadero
THOOPS ARE SELECTED
General Adna E. Chaffee Ex
pected From His Northern
Tour Early in August
The latter hope is voiced by most erf
us who are interested in the preserva
tion of historic buildings, relics, and
the traditions that cling about them.
But there seems to be a divergence
of opinion about the Camino Real
among some excellent people, who are
likewise pood Californians, and who
labor under the belief that a terrible
burden of debt is about to be unloaded
upon a guileless public— some millions
of dollars with which to hunt far and
identify the "real truly" trail of the
honored padres, which, by the way,
cannot possibly be found nor identi
fied, since there were dozens and dozens
of trails and carreta roads used in
the pastoral days, and then a whole
new system of reads builded upon this
visionary highway. Now, In the
minds of the most practical leaders of
this movement— who at the same time
entertain a large need of sentiment for
it — the Camino Real exists to-day. It
exists in the prosaic guise of county
roads, winding from San Diega Mis
sion to San Juan Capistrano, to San
Luis Rey, to San Fernando, and on
northward to the Mission de Ios Do
lores in our own city. What if the
exigencies of time and conditions com
pelled a swerving of the road to the
east or west, a lowering or a raising
of the grade? What If the building of
a fence threw the old beaten road
way ten or twenty or a hundred feet
out of the best remembered course?
What of It, bo long as a good road
lies in the immediate neighborhood of
the paths trodden by the sandaled
monks in the ' long ago? Shall we
abandon these good roadways and
spend years in quibbling over routes,
of which no living man hath knowl
edge or shall we unite to improve the
roads we already have — the county
roads that to-day link Mission with
Mission? While the sentimentalists—
and heaven bless him who hath senti
ment—will balk at the alleged "fak
ing" and "misrepresentation" of this
project, it must be conceded to be the
only sensible and tenable proposition.
Section No. 5 was organized in Los Angeles.
Dr. O. Shepard Barnum, who is the< repre
sentative for the League of American Wheel
men for the coast and a member of the gocd
roads committee of the Chamber of Commerce
of Los Angeles, is the president. Colonel J. B.
Lankerrliim is vice president. Mm. A. S. C.
Forbes secretary and General Robert Wankow
ski treasurer. At the next meeting they will
discuss plans for work. After the meeting
proper there will be an interesting programme
of Spanish songs, followed by a tarrmle lunch
eon. Each one of these sections is governed
by an executive committee of fifteen members,
two of whom shall be the president and secre
tary.
As to plans for the future work of El Ca
mino neal Association, a meeting will be held
in Ventura on the 18th of this month before
which time sections will be formed, in Whit
tlcr and in Tropco. Early in August there
will be a meeting in Santa Cruz, one in Palo
Alto, another in Sonoma, and we hope some
cood work will be dene in San Francisco in
September.
Kan Diego. Section No. 3, elected Dr. Ed
ward Grove as president, he also being chair
man of the good roads committtec of the
Chamber of Commerce there. George W. M«r-
Fton. one of the Park Commissioners, was
elected vice prewdent, Baker Thomas secretary
and Mr. Wagenheim treasurer.
Section No. 4 was organized in Santa Ana.
with George llinter as president. Mr. Black
HW president. T. C. Gould secretary. In this
section they are doing excellent work. Intend
ing to buautlfy their city with ornamental
trees, to clean up the streets and to further
the improvement of roads leading to the city.
In Alhambra we have organized the second
section, with Gail Borden as president and Mr.
correy secretary.
sented being the Board of Trade. Farmers*
Club, Merchants' Association, l',n-i Side lm
provemtnt Club. West Side lm;iiovenu-nt Club
and the Shakespeare Club. Senator B. W.
Hartn was elected president. Captain Water
hou?e vice president. Mrs. Bandini secretary,
D. W. Ccolidge treasurer. A report received
on July « places the membership of this club at
130. I). W. Coolldge. who. you will notice, is
the secretary of the Pasadena section, and also
ol" the Pasadena Hoard cf Trade, said in his
paper rc*u at Sacramento at the recent meet-
Ing of the different organisations there: "El
Oaniino Keal is to be a great factor in the ad
vancement of the State. When all our cities
«io connected by this great system El Camino
Heal win b«\ next to climate, the greatest at
traction in the Stat<». Let us unite in cur ef
forts to ».cure thl.s rcaU at an early date."
In reference to beautifying the cities, which
*nould be a part of the work of the associa
tion, he said: '-Make your cities, towns and
country homes more beautiful; clean out the
weeds; grade and oil your country roads and
pave your city streets; plant trees, kill the
¦Kncckers'; suppress the "grafters" and talk
California. This is the way to bring tcurista
to Culifornia and to keep them here as citizens
afterward."
On njr homeward trip we organized a rood
trticn In Pan I^ula Obifpo. which was th<»
*'xth t-wtlon formed, with the following offl
c-^re: F\ BL fc-mith. prtt-ident; E. M. Payne.
mcc pretldcr.t; F. II. Johnson, secretary: B.
r> Ballou. treasurer. Ex-Assemblyman Johns
of that county is one or the enthusiasts. In
J'asad'-r.a we organized the first section under
the £un>ices of the Board of Trade. We had ft
most enthusiastic meetint. the bodies repre-
The State Camino Real Association
Is growing apace. Since the birth of
the organization in April the crystalli
zation of sentiment toward good roads
—and the old mission highway in par
ticular — has been productive of results.
Mrs. Caroline Richey Olney, the State
secretary, in a communication from Los
Angeles gives some encouraging details
in regard to the formation of new sta
tions, or local clubs, whose business it
•win be to carry the work of agitation
and promotion in their own districts
and to contribute to the support of the
State body. The members forming
these local branches have become such
V>y the signing of the constitution
fuhich is obtained from the State sec
retary) and the payment of $2 Into the
lucal treasury, one-half of which Is to
l>e forwarded to the State body.
Herewith is a portion of Mrs. Olney's
report:
As 105 of the superintendent's lads
are off in the country, some fruit pick
ing and some summering in camp, the
little tykes picked up on the streets
have loads of room to wander about
and — blessed gift — a bath to tumble
into. Blessings on the men and women
who have taken up the cause of these
unhappy little delinquents!
And as the work progresses so will
th<? need of jails be lessened in propor
tion. Then may some of the enormous
outlay given up for police protection be
piven to our hospitals and our schools,
two humanities by which the. civiliza
tion of communities are measured.
In the recent budget $5000 was award
ed for the maintenance of the proposed
home. Thus have the Supervisors
cleansed the "blot from the 'scutcheon.''
So, letting bygones be bygones, let us
give thanks that the era of niggardli
ness and indifference to our civic duty
i« jxassed.
Meantime the city's wards are safe
In the custody of the Boys' and Girls*
Aid Society, Superintendent Lewis gen
erously offering to care for them pend
ing the remodeling and furnishing of
the home.
This action compelled the Chief of
Police to assume charge of the little
delinquents. They really belong to his
Jurisdiction. Now the clubwomen — and
the good men who have worked with
them— will rest happily, for to-day a
]<.ase will be obtained of the premises
¦t 4LS-451 Polk street, where the chil
dren will in the future be detained,
aiid detained humanely — thus comple
menting th«* excellent service of Judge
Murasky and the probation officers.
Miss Stebbir.s and Mr. Hutton. to whom
a'l honor is due for the earnestness of
tlieir efforts in behalf of these little
lawbreakers.
ing a tubbing, a bar or two of soap, and
b ie\\ ciher toilet accessories not men
tis nod in polite literature. Accommo
dations for these were wholly unavail
able, and when court day came the
Une-up of the offenders before Judge
Jlurasky looked like a section of Cox
ty's army in miniature. Now. Health
Officer Kagan claims that the children
cost his department about $100 for
:i:ai:ucnance— not much of which went
iui soap, however— and when Chief Sur
geon Stephen took hold of the emer-
Cency hospital, with instructions to put
thfc institution upon a scientific and
humane basis, he very wisely concluded
to repudiate the care of the juvenile
ccurt offenders, thereby saving the cost
o! their keeping and the cells hereto
fore given up to them.
..' lasi the little tykes who have of
f<.!.ctd the majesty of the law are to
have a reputable place to lay their
tous.'cd heads, pending the day of tholr
appearance before Judge Murasky.
Since the passajre of the Juveniia court
lew. the young offenders have been
huudled in fir.all cells In the emergency
kospftal. in the portion devoted to the
irjsano. Nov., the iron-tarred windows
i.:.ii v.icketed court; were Quite bad
enough, defeating as they did the fun
tl^meaial idea underlying the juvenile
icun philosophy-^but they were as
nothing compared to the ravings,
shriekings and moanings of the
r.iad. And iioi only was this a a
unwholesome influence for boys and
Cirls— even as yours and mine,
naadam, ' only neglected little tykes
—but no accommodations were
provided lor the proper cleansing of
the little waifs, who come in tattered
and torn and "on ihe bum, ' as the
buys th-.'ir.selves express it, sorely need-
Mrs. H. A.- Clifford and the Misses
Rue, Jessie and Elna Clifford are sum
mering In Santa Rosa.
Miss Mary Carreck Is with a party
of musical friends In the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Richards have
returned from their honeymoon trip at
Lake Tahoe and will be pleased to see
their friends at 508 Taylor street. •
Mrs. E. Weiss of 1433 Steiner street,
after spending two weeks at Stockton
with relatives, left yesterday for Napa.
From there she will go to Los Angeles.
Miss Kate Chandler Thomson, the
water-color artist, will spend a few
weeks at the Beal ranch, Mendocino
County.
Mrs. P. Harold and family, Mrs. M.
Baruh; and family and Miss Julia
Paulus of this city are spending the
summer at- San Anselmo.
Mrs.' S. Birch, accompanied by her
daughter and son, Miss Essie and Carl,
will leave shortly on an extended tour
of the United States and Europe, where
they will remain for an Indefinite pe
riod.
"Mr. and Mrs. George G. Gauld have
returned home from their outing at
Cazadero. ' ,
Miss Annette Delia Haye of London,
England,, is the truest of Miss Ida
Ellerhorst of Berkeley. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Biedenbach and J. Sentner of
the university have joined the Misses
Ellerhorst in the Yosemite Valley.
Miss- Elinor Connell, is the guest of
Mrs. Ellerhorst , of Berkeley.
Mrs. 1 L. H. Freidman and son of 1504
Ellis "street are spending the summer
at Santa Cruz with Mrs. I. Freidman.
Dr. M. L. Green of Oakland is spend-
Mrs. L. Abrams of 730 Broadway left
recently for Seattle, Wash., on a visit
to her daughter, Mrs. T. J. Reid.
Miss Lillian S. Morris has gone to Co
velo, Mendocino County, to spend a few
months with her sister, Mrs. C. H. Gold
berg.
Mr. and Mrs. Al Jacobs and son. Nel
son, of Alemeda, accompanied by Jack
Nathan of San Francisco, left on July 2
for an extended trip to New York and
other Eastern cities. They will visit the
World's Fair and all points of Interest.
M. J. Brandenstein of 2005 Franklin
street will leave for a year's trip to
Europe in a few days.
Mrs. M. C. Kelley and daughter,.
Miss Rita R. Kelley, are sojourning at
Highland Springs, Lake County, and
later will go dn to Soda Bay before re
turning to San Francisco.
T. ¦ F. Healey entertained a congenial
group of friends at his cottage, "The
Pines," at Monte Rio. In the party
were Mrs. T. J. Healey, Mrs. B. Ma
lone, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Schmidt,
Misses Minnie Malone, Kathleen
O'Brien, Frances McGrath, Margaret
Healey, Messrs. T. F. Healey, Will C.
Healey, Frank Schear and Ben Schear.
The barmitzvah of Henry, son of J.
Rothenberg, occurred on Saturday,
July 9, at the Geary-street Temple.
Alfred J. Healey, the well-known so
ciety nian. is taking the rest cure for
a few weeks at Richardson Springs.
Mrs. B. A. Baer and daughter, wife
of Dr. Baer of Philadelphia, formerly
of this city, Is visiting her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Schwartz. She will be
pleased to see her friends at 896 Eddy
Btreet.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bush left yes
terday for Bartlett Springs to be gone
several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Doherty and Miss
Violet Doherty left Saturday for Lau
rel Dell.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Heller have
returned to their home in Napa after
a visit to Chicago, New York and St.
Louis.
Miss Alma de Mamiel and Miss
Beatrice" Hanson of Alameda are
spending the month of July with
friends at Capitola.
Mrs. Joseph Jacob of 1529 Geary
street will leave for Aberdeen, Wash.,
to-day.
Mrs. A. L. Brown and daughter of
Marysvllle are spending the summer
with Mrs. J. H. Whiteman of 608% Lo
cust avenue and will be pleased to see
their friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Shipper announce
the barmitzvah of their son Frederick
M., at the Geary street Temple, Satur
day, July 23. They will be at home
on Sunday, July 24, at 1221 Buchannan
street. f
Miss Lillian Bronson and Mr. and
Mrs. E. C. Stoutenburgh (formerly
Miss Alice West), after spending the
holidays at Capitola, have returned to
Ben Lomond, ¦ where ,,they will - spend
the remainder of the summer.
Miss Hattie Mooser, a resident of
San Francisco, has just returned
from Shanghai. China, and is now
visiting friends in Seattle, where she
will remain until August next.
Miss Minnie C. Mooser will leave
this week for Los Angeles and the
Catalina Islands to remain two weeks.
Miss Leona L. Woodward of 2217
Webster street is making an extended
trip through the soutnern part of the
State. She is at present visiting her
relatives in Anaheim.
Mrs. Edward L. Baldwin and daugh
ter Marion will start East to-morrow
to spend the summer at Ludington,
on Lake Michigan.
George W. Stamper will spend his
vacation at Duncan's Springs and other
resorts in Lake County.
Mrs. George A. Schultz and her son
and daughter, Master Lloyd and Miss
Genevieve, left July 8 for a few weeks'
stay at Santa Cruz, where her daugh
ter, Elyse, has been visiting over the
holidays. »
Mrs. C. W. Clayes ana ner grandson,
Master Douglas Damery, are visiting
Los Angeles and the southern part of
the State.
Mrs. Tishler and daughters are now
living at 1121 McAllister street.
Miss Tessie Neuberger of 1331 Scott
street is spending her vacation at
Santa Cruz.
Mrs. M. A Connolly/ accompanied by
Mrs. James G. Martin and John Rob
erts Martin, returned on the Queen
last week from a three weeks' trip to
Alaska.
Personals.
A delightful musicale was given in
the social hall of the San Francisco
Girls' and Women's Educational and
Industrial Union, at 749 Bush street, on
Friday evening, by Mme. Ellen Cour
sen-Roeckel, assisted by her pupils.
Miss Belle Samuels, Miss Kaye Mar
shall, Miss M. Castro, Miss Elizabeth
Davis, Miss M. Jones, Miss E. Ancion,
Miss L. Chaptelaine, Miss, Mabel
Brown, Miss Maude Stelling, Master
Jerry O' Connor and Master Johnnie
Stelling. ,
• * ' •
On Saturday afternoon, July 9, the
members of the "Symphonette," a mu
sical and literary club organized by
the advanced pupils of Miss Sadie Men
delson, enjoyed a theater party at the
Alcazar. The members are Misses Eva
Rittegsten, Sybil Harris, Helen Crown.
Clara Hyman, Clara Imes, Margaret
McLaughlln and Sadie Mendelson. Mrs.
Emil Kahn chaperoned the young la
dies.
Bertleson, F. Tyrrell, W. Day, T.,' Dru
han and J. Bahrs.
At the residence of F. W. Ludwigsen,
1405% Folsom street, a birthday party
was given last Saturday evening In
honor of Miss Myrtle Ludwigsen, it be
ing her eighteenth anniversary. The
evening was. pleasantly spent In music
and dancing. Among those present
were: Misses G. Kelley\ M. Van York, B.
Marlin. L. Schnell. A. Merines, H. Gon
zales,. G. Gonzales, A. Neugarrd, M.
Ludwigsen, ' Mrs. Bahrs, Mrs. Gonzales
and Mrs. Ludwigsen, J. Schnell,' W.
Dlttes. V. Renna. G. W. Whitehead/ B.
Marlin. W. Ludwigsen. C.Geibel.H.
Olyphant. H. Rutter, A. Robinson, N.
A birthday party was held at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Max L. Seldner,
1223 Golden Gate avenue, last Saturday
evening. Dancing, music and recita
tions were the order of the evening and
a bountiful supper was served. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. R. J.
Angellottl. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Randall,
Mr. and /Mrs. Lichtenstedt, Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Lercara, Mr. and Mrs.
Reinecker, Mr. and Mrs. D. Crown, Mr.
and Mrs. Wasch, Mr. and Mrs. M. L.
Milcovich, Mr. and Mrs. Mohr, Mr. and
Mrs. Clem T. Reese, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Bonton. Dr. and Mrs. B. Meyers.
Mrs. B. C. Wood, Mrs. Brand
wein. Mrs. Mary Buhlert, Mrs.
Pollock, Mrs. Gentser of Fresno,
Mrs. H. Henpeden, Mrs. G. Kemrnerer.
Mrs. Bella Wilson. Miss Fanny Crown.
Miss Elsie Llchteltstedt, Miss Brand
wein. Miss M. C. Wasch; Miss F. R.
Wasch, Miss Adalaird Schirmer, Miss
Mohr, Miss M. Knehl of San Jose, Miss
Ruff of San Jose, Miss Ray Marks,
Miss Wiprut, Miss Helen Crown, Miss
Charlotte Crown, Miss Amelia Buhlert,
Miss Blanch Wilson, Oscar Pollock, Ja
cob Crown, Walter Ducolng, Feign R.
Quigley, Professor Carl York.
* * •
A pretty home party was given to
Isaac Kettler of 2726 Twentieth
street on Saturday night, the house
being attractively decorated with for
est greenery and colored lanterns. Ex
cellent music was rendered during the
evening by the* Beckhausen quartet
and by the Messrs. McLeod and Mal
loy. Among those present were I.
Kettler and wife, T. Noonan and wife,
Sam Platt and wife, T. Lewis and wife,
Miss May Powers, Miss Agnes Sulli
van, Josh Powers, Patrick Hansen,
G. Gavin, F. Beck, M. Tea and wife.
Miss Bess McLeod, Miss Nellie Slavin,
Mrs. H. McNally, Mr. Carter. 'Miss J.
Holle.
To celebrate his appointment to a
captaincy of the San Francisco police,
Captain Henry Gleeson was the guest
of honor at a dinner given at the
Larkspur Villa, Larkspur, Marin
County, by a party of friends June 30.
Sixteen covers were laid, and music
and toasts filled the fleeting hours.
In replying to the hearty good wishes
of his friends Captain Gleeson paid
a glowing tribute to his wife, affirming
that her gentle and hopeful disposi
tion had given him courage to go for
ward to each day with renewed hope
and vigor. The evening was given up
to dancing, friends being invited from
adjoining towns, and many from as
far as San Francisco. Those present
at the dinner were Captain Henry P.
Gleeson and wife, Mr. and Mrs. John
S. Adams, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Cos
grove, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Kor
tick, Mrs. E. E. Parker, Ray Gleeson,
Miss Elizabeth E. Gleeson, Miss Thel
ma Gleeson, Miss Edith Gleeson, Er
nest and Clifford Cortick. Guests of
the evening: Henry Wafer, Miss Sadie
Wafer, Mrs. D. Ostrander,, Miss Nellie
Carroll, Miss Lorrella Carroll, Miss
Hazel Ostrander. Edwin Bronson, Har
old Fisher, Ray Danziger, Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Cusick, Mr. and Mrs. John
Hecker, Dudley F,isk, Captain and
Mrs. John E. Savage.
Miss Jessica F. Wise entertained a
few of her young-friends last Sunday
evening at her home. The color
scheme of the .decorations -were in
honor of the national holiday, and the
evening was pleasantly spent in games,
music, etc.*. Those present were the
Misses Cecilia Krueger, Julia Uri,
Ruth Cohn, Jeannette Uri, Anita
Wise, Ethel Moses, Mae Harris, Jes
sica Wise,' and Messrs." I. Green, L..
Waterman, B. Pencovic, S. Krueger,
M. Glaser, S, Green, G. Krueger, A.
Pencovic, L. Henry.
• * *
Home Parties.
The wedding of Misa Josle Colmann
and Joseph M. Weiss took place at the
residence of the bride's parents yester
day. Owing to the recent death of the
groom's mother the wedding was
quietly celebrated.
A pretty wedding occurred last Wed
nesday, when Miss Louise C. Nelson
became the wife of Dr. J. Claude Perry.
The ceremony was held at the home of
the bride In the presence of the families
of the contracting parties, and was
followed by a wedding supper and re
ception. More than one hundred guests
called to extend congratulations dur
ing the evening, after which the couple
departed upon their honeymoon. Miss
Ella Anderson of East, Oakland served
as bridesmaid, the groom being attend
ed by his brother, Isaac.
* • *
A pretty wedding took place on the
evening of July 6, when Miss Marie F.
Quadt became the bride of B. M.
Dasson of Chicago. Rev. Father Max
imilian of St. Boniface Churdh per
formed the ceremony at the home of
the bride's parents, 258 Thirteenth
street, the bride's sister. Miss Tina
Quadt, attending as bridesmaid and
George Wende of Chicago as best man.
The house was attractively decorated
for the occasion and after the ceremony
supper was served. The happy couple
left for their honeymoon in the -south.
Upon their return they will reside at
their home on Twentieth street, near
Castro.
The marriage of Miss Elsie Hammer
smith and William F. Zeck took place
last Wednesday afternoon at 5 o'clock.
Owing to the illness of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Elizabeth Hammersmith,
the affair was quietly celebrated.
Max S. Bernstein and Miss Grace
Wolf were married July 3 by Rabbi
Nieto, at the residence of the bride's
parents. An extended honeymoon will
be spent in Southern California, When
the couple return to the city they will
take up their residence at 2412 Fill
more street. Many beautiful presents
were received by the happy couple.
Weddings.
Engasrements.
Mrs. J. Loewen announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Tillie, to
David Schwab of New ' York.
After the exuberance Incident to the
proper observance of the nation's
birthday, society— what there is left of
it in town — lapsed into a state of
passivity. ¦ But with the coming of
August things will lighten up, and
the gay world will fare forth once more
in search of social pleasures.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
ARMY'S CHIEF
TO VISIT CITY
Recorder Mannix of Teller
County Takes Departure
From Troubled District
State Camino Real Association Growing
Steadily, the South Leading.
End of Month to Bring Troops of Nut-Brown
Urchins Back to Books.
LEAVES VICTOR
FEARING HARM
WARDS OF JUVENILE COURT TO HAVE NEW HOME.
SOCIAL SET STILL KEEPING CLOSE TO NATURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1904
William Smith, a plumber living at 35
Elgin park, while crossing Market
street at Sixth street,- early yesterday
jnornlng was struck by a Castro-street
oar and knocked down. He was picked
up by Policeman Sauer, but he refused
go to the Central Emergency. Hospital
and was sent to his home. He seemed
badly shaken up.
Struck by Street Car.
Frank Salsldo, \a well' known hack
man, was found' dead in his room at
203 Powell street yesterday morning
and his body was taken to the Morgue.
He had been suffering fn>m a complica
tion of diseases and recently his friends
got up a subscription for his benefit.
He was about forty-five years of age
and had no relatives In this city. The
autopsy showed that death was due to
natural causes.
Well Known Hackman Dies.
7
"I suffered from continuous nervous
twitching, insomnia, restless, miserable
nights, nerves all gone. Craving for
coffee was intense, but It put me lower
and lower in health. Something must
be done, eo I tried leaving: off the cof-
fee and using PoBtum Food Coffee. The
first trial wife and I were both disgust-
ed for we were careless in brewing it,
but we went carefully into the subject
of preparing Postum and found we had
only allowed It to brew about five min-
utes, and that won't make good Pos-
tum. So nexf time it was boiled full
fifteen minutes after boiling: began,
then served with good cream and it
was toothsome and delicious. That
marked the beginning of my return to
health. Now I sleep well, the old
twitching has disappeared, and in
ehort I am well again. My good wife
has also been much benefited by leav-
ing off coJTee and using Postum Food
("cfTee. \\> have abandoned the old
coffee for all time." Xatr.e given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
There's a reason why so many intel-
ligent people and physicians drink
F«>«tum in place of ordinary cofft*e.
Look In each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book, "The Road to Wellville."
If coffee has you where your nerves
demand it each morning you have a
wr»ck ah<?ad sure.
Think back for a year and notice how
the 1 sick spells grow on you Instead of
pr-itlrig less.
You are rannjns into nervous pros-
tration or some fixed disease absolute-
ly certain, and when it suddenly take3
full possession you will find nothing;
absolutely nothing; in drujjs that will
heal you. Xature demands penalty for
the daily hurt to the nerve centers by
coffee, and you must pay the full price.
A physician of Cornwall, Ont., says
of himself: "For years coffee was to
me what rum is to the toper, but I kept
getting worse and worse in health.
TUNING A PHYSICIAN,
lie Got Ont, and Then In Tune.
POSTUM CEBEAX.
AMUSEMENTS.
TWO WEEKS, BEGINNING
MATINEE SATURDAYS ONtT.
Charle3 Frohman Tresenu
In Her Greatest Comedy Success,
COUSIN KATE
By Hubert Henry Davis.
CALIFORNIA
f!3 AI.I. THIS WEEK. &,
BARGAIN MATINEE SATURDAY. [
2oc and SOc.
The Hilariously Funny Patire on
Politic*
THE HON.
JOHN NORTH
By Herbert BashforJ.
I Q Presented by our Favorite Comedian. «
'. |I L. R. STOCK WELL. (
! O Th« man who has made millions laugh, a
i H NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— Opening J
: m of Melodrama Reason — "A TH<">n- 5
! 1^ OUGHBREI> TRAMP." f
MATINfcE SATURDAY.
i MR - UOIE2T3E STTCCESa
I i Ri ro ° f a '¦- '¦"¦¦'¦ *
rtfflrN Famous Drama.
jftu MR. BARNES
! aafiS NEW YORK
XEILL COMFY 111- If I Ulll\
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
SPECIAL. SUMMER TRICES— 15r. 25c and f.Oe.
Best Reserved Seat in Orchestra. 5Oc.
TIV0LISS5&
: EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
¦ ¦ 111 ill BEA *- l ' r 'V'
j I § jyj U? U| chorus
f romentde Cir:!», 3d Floor. 3motters' Piraiin
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUNNING.
Usual Tirol] Prices — 2.V, 30c. 75c.
; Seats Always Selling— Only Matinee Sat.
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
¦ lie Boy and Clayton; Eatella and Babetta
D'Arvine; CnaalnarliaBx and Smltn;
Harry Seeback; Green and Werner;
! Lelsrh Brothers; Qlllihan and Murray;
i Orphenm Motion Pictures, and
,VALERI£ BEflGERE AND COMPANY,
Presenting up to and Including Wednesday
e\-enlnsr. "BILL1E"S FIRST LOVE" and for
the rest of the week -HIS JAPANESE
WIFE."
Regular matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c. 25c
and T>Oc.
AT PA7AD Balasco & Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
W/HIXJE | And the Alcaar Stock Co. |
WHITTLESEY
I « «» IN A BUlf ?TU0?3 KI7IVAL 07 *y^
I HeartseasE
Chas. Klein and J. I. C. Clarke's Charming
Romantic Comedy.
ALL THE ORIGINAL MUSIC.
Evg., 23c to 75e. Mats. Thur*. & Sat.. 25c to SOo
Next Monday— WHITE WHITTLESEY la
the Fascinating Romance.
THE PRISONER OF ZEXDA.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT AD Tnl " "*"««*•
The Tremendously Successful Comedy-Drama
of Home Life.
IALONG THE MOHAWl
A Sensational Political Battle!
A Thrilling Editorial Campaign!
A Pyrotechnical Election I>my?
DDIPVC Evenings 10c to 50o
llUVLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23a
Next — Mammoth Production of All Irish F!ay».
TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS OP
M A &UCXY STOjnr,"
A very funny musical cocktail in two acts by
Collln Davis and Frank Wltmaxk.
Pronounced by press and public to be the acm*
of all funny burlesques.
Instant success of our new company.
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BAYES.
RICE AND CADY,
BOBBY NORTH.
EDWIN CLARK.
BEN DILLON.
OARRITY SISTERS.
Packed to the last with new songs, specialties
and novelties.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
Next attraction— "THE WHIRL. OF" THE
TOWN."
THE TOBXNS, BRAHDOW AND WHIT
{ And a Splendid Show Every At ieraooa
i and Evening: in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MIHIATTJES EltECTBXC RATT.TCOAP.
, TWO "YOUNG LEOFABDS IU THE ZOO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
Don't Fail to See ARGO.
AMATEUR H1OHT THUBSDAY.
ADMISSION 10e 1 CHILDREN .>
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
\ t ¦¦¦;¦*¦ . a ¦•¦;¦ x- k ;
Astrachan Jackets
|1 $35 to $125
Persian Lamb
$75 to $200
Like illustration— also in every
other fashionable style. Made in
our own factory. The BEST values
in Son Francisco.
PalsrA D &N fT FAIL TO
IdldtC tee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
UI1U parlor, the
n X PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ Lours xv par-
uiuuu LQR and the LA
n jj,, DIES* WRITING'
Hotels r o° m -THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1904.
8
wmMomA
.KMIX D. SPttECKLXS Proprietor j
A3£r<2, Coaaaiunteatton* t»
• : ; : 1 i X McXA t"G HT ..Manager
., .». JIAHTIN Business Manner
TELEPHONE.
>.'k itr THE CALL. The Operatcr Will Con-
nect You Ullh tte Depirtrr-ent You Wish.
replication TSce Market and Third. S. F.
I." :;t>r'&! Boom* 21" to 221 Stevenson ft.
IWJt-rreiJ by Crrriers. 20 Cts. Per YOrk, 75
-.-•.I Per Moritn Stride Copies 5 Cte
V.r-rs ty Mill. la.S.id'r--: Post«g» (Cash With
Crier):
DATLY OAT.L (facto*. *-=<!»»). 1 year. . .$S.OO
tUUT/T CALL linc.jl. Su-s^ay*. 6 roos... 4^-i
DAILY CALL— Ey Mcsth •¦£
SOJfPAT CALL. 1 Vfar 2 -£|
WEEKLY CALL. I Tear ll »
rr , R _ Trv inafly.V. fS.80 Per Year Extra
R , EI Si ifawUT- LU Per Year Lxtrs.
POSTAGE. |\v..,klv. i. oo P.r Y-ar Eitn
/LL. rOPTMASTEP.S ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECI'TVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
t«rpp!e Copies v.;!l be forwarded when re-
quested.
Ma!! nhf.r.bTTi in crderlr* chang- of a<J-
«•**« t*>c:.'<" tf particular to give both NEW
ANT» O!.I> ATDREFS In order to tr.sare a
frcrrp*. and correct compliance with their r»-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JCTC Broadway. Telephone Main 1055
;-.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
ri*S Ctr.trr Strwt Telephone North Ti
¦WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EOfCEL TV. WALL Hete! Bartow
NETT YORK NEWS STANDS:
vTai,3o-f-A'toria Hotel: A. Brentana. SI
fcuw Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-sve-
tn» Hotel tnd Hcffman Hou»«.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fnermcrt ~ House: r. O News Co.: Great
Northern Hote': Trrscnt House: Auditorium
JJutel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE K.ROGNt;SS..Marquette Building
'Long- Dretance Teitphose. "Central 2*19.">
NEW TOKK KEPP.ESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN' B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C r. CA"RLTON Herald Equar*
KUSINTSF OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
CortiT Marke: end Third streets: open until
12 o'rjrck f-v«-ry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Mark»t ftre«t. opposite Fifth; open until
f_7 M--:ntgoir.ery rtreet. corner Clay: open until
9:£O p. tn.
!.<M> Hiws rtreet: open uatil 9:30 p. m.
•39 M<rAHi£t«r ctr«M?t: open until 9:30 p. tn.
613 L-».rk;rt street, cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
!-'<! M:5f ; on street; cpen until 10 p. m. ,
Z.*:i Market street, comer Sixteenth; open until
* P- ni.
|tid Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
*C3t; Valencia str~>t: cpen until 9 p. m.
Ncitheait ceietr Cr.arcb and Duncan streets:
<j<en until 9 p. m.
KcrUrartft corner of Twenty-*«cond and Ken-
•«cky streets; open until 9 p. m.
ir r »' Filirr.ore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. V '
ASYLUM cf Oli^n Gate.Commandery 'jt^
No. 1*. K. T f25 Butter et.— Special i*«
Ra-£«mlly TH1P EVENING at 7 H
c clock. Order of Temple. All fra- \j^
tets are courteously invited. By or-
c>r cf the Commander.
THEO FROLICH, Recorder.
fcAX rRANClSCO Chapfr No. 1. Royal »
Ar'h Mason*, m^ts THIS EVENING. W
Fourth d*gr*-<>. /?X
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. .
CALIFORNIA I^<Jg« No. 1. I O. ...-«»->,.
,, r._i EETa llaUon TO-NIGHT.
Vi ¦ r* ¦ .--.: ; . : ! :x invited. '-^ . : :--*ir5Jr5?
t>. M. BIRRKLL. N. G. *%r.r** ?
C. W. CLIFTON. R. S.
KALTA Lod?« No. VxTl ~oTo. F. — 4°*x~JZ~
Innailaticn MONDAY EVEN- ~>»r*W*H
:¦•¦, July II Members af r*- -!*>.*£$>!§
Qjmttd to attend. Visiting broth- ''Vwf&fJF
t-rs corililly invited.
C. H. EDWARDS. N. O.
H. F. PETERSEN. R*c. Sec.
THE ennua! mee^ns of the stockholders of
|:ne fcierra Railway Company of California
will be h^ld at the offices of the company
No. 229 Crocker building. City a*-* County
cf Ean Fianciico. Ptate of California, on
MONDAY, the fcth day cf February. 1904. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
d electing directors for the ensuing year
and th* tiEtitartion of such other business as
ir.ajr corne before taid meetine. Dated at
Ban Francisco. C»i.. January 23, 1904. S.
1). FRESHMAN. Secretary. \
The above rr.Mtinc adjourne-.'. until April
¦]:h. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
F^b. S. 19->*. S, D. FRESHMAN. Eec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until July
i:th. 1W4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
April 11. 1904. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
PICNIC — The twenty-ninth annual p!cnlc of
the Loyal Orar.f: B Inf-titutlon will be held at
Sh«r!i Mound P*rk. Berkeley. Tuesday, July
. 12. Valuable gate and rarne priio?. Good
rruiic.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretary. New York. June 15. 1904. Notica
to ftoc&holders.
To the Stockholder* cf - Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice Is hereby irlvea that tKe board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
at a me€t!ns this day fceld called a special
meeting of the ttockhoiders of said company
U ctanrene at the office of the company in
Be«*chmont, Jofterson County. Kentucky, on
(Vc4*)esday. the twentieth <1ay of Juiy, 1904,
at 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time, to consider
erd act upon reoo'.utione to be brought before
them at said meeting in substantially the form
er.d to the effect following, viz:
•Resolved <1). t!iat the capital stock of the
Fcuthern Pacific Company be Increased one
rrundrf-3 otOUca dollars by issuing one million -
s^diticral rhaies-- «f tlie par value of one hun- !
firefl -Jc'Iars each."
"RetoHed C), that -he f»id Increased stock
Fhall Iv i>i«ftrr<>4 5'ock; that the holders of
F-j.-h prcfeiKHl tlcvjk be entitled to dlv1-
<*tnds in «a«.h Csual year at such rate not ex- !
•epdiiy.' f.evf-n per cent per annum, payable <
out cf the ret profits, as ehall !
b*rOecIrr«d*br ft* board of directors, before;
an> dividend sh&J! be declared on the cpmmon '
riut}:; tbafmKb ri:\ i.lenJs Ehall be non-cumu-
:«t!re; th«: tho hciciere of such preferred btock
riiS'.l V9t hy \irtue tJiereof b*« er.titied to any
Other or further thaie of the profits of the
cr.u3f«ir.> ; that, upon the dissolution of the
KCpaajr. Nolur.tarily or other-vise, the holders
of prefeire J etock shall be entitled to have
¦t.»!r FhniM redcemwl at par before any <li*-
tribulicn of bjiv part of the of the com-
>t^y 3h3i! be miile to the holder* of the com- '
n»on rtock: tl:at said preferred etock shall be
lFtue-3 end', sold frctn time to time to each
*m«rnifc and ta such manner as the board of
directors msy authorize and determine, but
tit not ; lfc6» thar the par value of thethares- '¦
thct it »hail be convertible Into common ftoclt
tr.«re for fhate. at the option of tfce holders
tt eny time; at:d shail be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any time after
the ftri t day cf July. 1305. and before the first
day of Juiy. 19io. at cne hundred and fl'teen
dcllars pr share."
••Resolved «*:). that the board o' directors
eh*U be acd If.ey are hereby authorized to es-
tab'.ith. from tirae to Usoe. ar.<J enforce all
rvch rules ar.d rt-frulatians respecting the is-
*ue. sale, redemption and conversion of such
*'ock. net lnrccfitteat lieiewith, as In tb« ¦
JueEmtnf of ¦ the boarS may be necessary or
eiT'C-dtent." --.-"• '¦' (
Tor litt purpese of rech special rneetinc the
Hock transfer books cf the company will be
cipce4 July li. 10W. at Z o'.-lock p rr. and
rtoptned Thursday, July 21. 1004. si 10 c : clock
Al.EX. MILLAR, f-gcrctary and Clerk.
ANNTAL rnctlnff — The ni:.don Iron and Loco-
:ncti»e Wcrks — The sumu.il meeting of the
. Hocttiolders of. the Klsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive V.'orks. for the election of trustees for
_:hc ensuing year and the irar.caction of such
«r»her btlrlr.ts-s as may be brcuzht before t!ie
mctuni:. u'lll be held at th? office of the
• ••tnpany. No. 10S Ktcuart street can Fran-
«:»vc. on JIONLAY. the Ut day of August
11*C4. at II ». m.
_ Al.Gi:STUS TAYi/OR. Secretary.
Tirn annual meetirK of the San Francisco So~-
c>ty Tor the- Prevention of Cruelty to Anl-
nal.- «-JMbe held in th» Parrott building on
HONDA Y. July IS. 1904. at 4 o'clock p. m..
*brn a board cf trustee will be elected
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED!
AGKKTS wanted to sell cur hish-grade nur-
¦»*ry "tock; liberal coKimi6£icn: carh advanced
tr. orOn.- outfit free; experience and capital
tid rv-ce^sary li y<u have push and energy;
8 TT--v chou-n ficldK Hill ojfn; write hefons
zrfixncC. Chico Nursery Co.. Cliico. CaL
/.«"!^5TTS sensed '.': teH the raoct useful artlclt:
'/ic tucney in 1t; p. gr^at ncller: rend for
*E«3T!t-»' cirrvlarE. Address S. A. itlCHUCNL*.
'•Ttl Ilaifht f-t.. fan Francisco.
V.'K l:c f. goctl i-oTlti.Kifs for a number of es-
:<• rij-fjoew t-cwlna^Kja chine scllcitors. \V"'«t«
' >;nvine MacWne Co...;.*JOO Post st. and 1S41
AGENT'S, here is icar chance; $30 U» $<!0 per
»nor!th and trxrw^nte*. Call and see W. T.
CARU' 147S Marker if
ATTOR.\EYS-AT-LAAV. |
Tg. W HOWE. 1122 MARKET ST.
i Tel Jesb> 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
j free on all leeal matters: divorces a specialty,
j j-:riv5.te, ijuicV. no pay in advance; mining corn-
I panles organized; patents obtained; wills. d«e<"«,
j coi:ect".3r.»; «!<-leeti\e« employed.
R. V»\ KING. Atlorney-at-Ls-x. Exam. bldg.. !
Cfh f.c-cr: entrance room «J1; estaHiEhed 15
y*ars; a!! casts, genen] court and offie« '
practice; no fee in advance or for rcr.sulta-
t'.on; ever.lr.gs by appointment. Tel. Red 360I.
l'KNSIC'N atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St., 13
yrs. practice; refs. from mtoly thousands of
ecldiers, eatlcrr. widows and orphans on P»- '
c:fic Co&«t fcr whom I have secured pensions. |
DIVORCE— Costs. ?12: qukk. quiet: advice :
free; all law biiMnest; no charge unless sue- :
ccatnl: open evenings. 927 Market, roomjiul.
ADVICE free: divorce ccsts $12; no fees or
rosts in advance; all . law business: office
cpen Saturday evenings. S19 Market St.. r. 33.
LV»S CLARK~'»27 Market rt.;» consultation
free; no f-»es lr. advance; open evenlni-s.
AUTOMOBILES.
WANTED — To buy a second-hand White
Stanhopr automobile In good running order.
Address box 329U. Call office.
FOR sale — A runabout automobile; nearly new;
first-class condition. Box 315*9, Call office.
POPE Toledo car for sale; reasonable. Box
3268. Call office. y
FOR sale— A Rambler touring car. Box 32SS.
Call office.
LOCOMOBILE. 8 herte- power, 2 seat?; good or-
der; reas. Call 473 Valencia, except Sunday.
FOR eale — CADILLAC: seats four; canopy top; |
perfect condition. Box 321 1. Call office.
APTEaiA nEMBDY.
A. DI Nola's Asthma Rsmedy relieves lnstant-
ly: 10". 25c. Me 1602 Market, fit. Nicholas.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
EXPERIENCED nuree will give good home for
1 or 2 children; large yard near school; room
for parents: reference* given: reasonable
terms. 1339 Alabama st.
FURNISHED rooms and boaid for children;
b«>pt of references pnd mother's care. 316
Fifth ave., Richmond.
WANTED — By en experienced woman, an In-
fant to bocrd. Inquire 212 Seventh st.
BO OKS^_
DALY~&~CURRAN. seccnT-haJnd booksellers,
removed from 206 Fowell st.. to 857 Geary st.
in; si. ness chances.
A— $S50; CORNER taloon; rent $30; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
Ms. ; a good business; owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon -with 4 years' lease
in tiholesiale .flistrict; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices- saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
20"i Kearny st.
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare,
chance; restaurant in Ban Rafael: daily re-
ceipts $25; rent $30: good business; value
In sight; patronized by best class of people.
gee R. G. WILKE. 26*j Kearny st.
A— $1000- SALOON In the Potrero. with 6
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
good business; invest igate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 2*5*4 Kearny Et.
A— $500: CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business: sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Eunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny.
A— $45'«O: SALOON, located in Wateonvllle;
rent $47 50; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance:
there ure only 25 saloons allowed In the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26}*
Kearny et.
A— $2500; LEADING hotel in the best business
town SO miles from- city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R. G.
W1LKE. 26 »4 Kearny st.
A — $".500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value In
eight; one of the best offers in Santa Crui
County. Particular* R. G. WILKE, 26J4
Kearny st. -
A— $650; SALOON, with 8 rooms, in West
Berkeley; rent $20: location first-class; full
value in slcht. See R. G. WILKE, 2«"4
Kearny et.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
beet paying corner saloons In this city;
dally receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 26 *4 Kearny st.
A — $3000: CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
laree stock; lease; net rent $35; location
first-class and a fine paying- business: will
Hand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 215-4 Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton ets. ; rent $150: lease: place estab-
lished years: first-class business. CaU R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than JI00O per month; location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
26V4 Kearny et.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar, dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rcoms; piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 26»4
Kearny st.
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lea«e: rent $75; net rent $25: fine business;
elegant fixtures: --hoicest stock of wines.
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 2<5»4 Kearny. ;
A— $450; ROADHOuiE: 4 rooms; "dance hail:
0-year lease: splendid business opening. See
R. G WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch: on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California: place must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. S6*4 Kearny st. ¦
A— $1000; BOARDING and rocmlrK house; 30
rooms, -kitchen and dlnirig-room; 37 beds;
Rood furniture; Jesse; plac« paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
I $350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
: come of $Ik> guaranteed; experience unneces-
I ' sary, but party must furnish references;
I present Income can eeslly be doubled with
j close attention to duty. Particulars 1OO7>4
! Market Et., room 1.
$1050 — CANDY and . Icecream store: more than
Mn.vt stock; also factory: fine location; $15
dally receipts. Inquire 1OO7'4 Market St., r. 1.
V-<* — BRANCH bakery, delicacy, candy and
notion store; 4 nice living rooms and yard;
$10 uay;flne cash trade. 1007*4 Mrkt.
$100 WILL buy a rood paying restaurant.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS.
HARDWARE and paint business, established
20 years by present owner, will . be sold at
Invoice, on account of failing health.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS, Seventh and Rail-
road ave., Alanieda.
GOOD paying bakery; 'fine- store trade: for
Rale at a creat sacrifice. • HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave.. Alameda.
$2200— COUNTRY hotel: great summer resort;
pig transient trade: large dining-room seat-
ing 200; plenty. dishes and tableware; rent,
water and electee lights 525; a rar* chance.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1008U Market st.
] $900— BEST raying delicatessen store in llvell-
ii est part cf city; dally receipts S40; will stay
to teach business; value in right. MER-
ClIAXTS' . AGENCY. -!008'.& Market st.
J 527.%— RESTAURANT and cafe .. seating <5;
plenty tableware. French range. 2 gas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. IOCS*,:. Market st.
JC500 — iiOTEL-and bar, 30 rooms, good barg.
.¦ r 22Vrp.:>oo— itestaurcnt , and branch bakeries.
J^50-$«000— Saloon with leases; good barsatn.
£.'25-$lOOii — Dellcater sen ; stand investigation.
.vi.<»-S5000 — Grocery & bars: stand investigation
BKRG & ARMSTRONG, , 318 Kearny st.
-. V.' ANTED — To sell owing to poor health, a
Tvcll-fitoeked and . equipped cafe ef 9 years'
standing: fine location; good trade in thriv-
ing tow.i abuut "OU miles south of San Fran-
-isr?c. ' Address *"A," " Golden '-West Hotel,
Kan Francisco, Cal.
WELL-PAYING old rstabliafyed art and curio
store, centrally, located, beautifully equipped;
will exebarj;*' for country property; muit
cell at once, account severe sickness; no
reasonable offer - refused : . investigate ¦ this.
AddrtKs Bex 0255 Call office.
FOR sal tea and spice route over
18 years' standing; selling on account of re-
tiring -from business. For particulars ln-
<ni!r«- at 119 Front St.; between 11 a. m.
nnd 1 d. m.-
$COO— OYSTER end chop house; must be sold
cccount of aickne-*: nr. Examiner building:
private rooms; •¦ 2 entrances. McNULTY.
7S9 Market tt.
$4.V»— GOQI> paying saloon in large town near
the cit>-: treason for selling, going to Europe.
• •• ITEt> & CARKOLL. VI •i Kearny st.
PROFESSIONAL woman, -vith property for le-
frlticiate, profitable ¦ business, desires partner
with capital: investigate. ' Box 1882, Call. '
WANTED — To buy a coal and wood yard. Ad- v
dress box ii'52. Call otflte. . . ,. , .
IJf*??M**f1ritBfl!Jl5BdSiJ*TriTi*_*rJ>i'i_ i*W3_«:jrj» •VtMMm.-^MaroMHB
DRESSMAKERS A.ND JKAMSTIU-.IJini
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. clas*. 1010 M«t.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-iJalttng. St«w«
art's button & button'jol* factory. 110 Taylor.
EUCCATlO.NAli
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayr*»
Business College for fourteen years, haa re-
turned to take active management. Com*
hined course, $5 a month; life ccholarshlp.
$50. Day. evening. Bancroft bide. 72!
I Market st.
A B1GGKR scnool than ever. On June 1 w«
; moved to new fireproof building-, 73S Mission
¦ St.. between. Third and Fourth; more upac*;
finer rooms: better light; finest In the West,
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEOK.
A— THE Paul, Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
Fchools: special summer course. 414 Mason
A — METP.OFOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
' Academy. 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day, ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. CoL with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night gessluns; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1433 Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 ma.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtclty.24 Pest
it.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
j complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
! DANCING— Adults, Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
¦ nlles. Sat. 2 to B; prlv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
WESTERN BuMneen Collesre. 1107 Mkt, com-
plete course, 6 mo $30, ev* $4 ma; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
BJ1PLOVME.NT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies be»t help promptly; city or country-
S. IMURA. 639 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — OPJPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnts* help. 420 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411*4 O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 416 Stockton-,
best help. Fritz Tamagakl, mgr. : tel Bush s&».
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 19r>7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
rMl'/Tov*! I : \T 1VA KTKP — FE>I A I.K.
EXPERIENCED^ tea'cher wishes situation;
coaches public school pupils In all studies;
day or evening; arithmetic; foreigners taught
English. MRS. M. K. 'SMITH. 912 Pine at.
JAPANESE young lady desires a position to
do cocking and housework In private family;
understands the care of children. Address
097 Market st.. room 1C8.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
housework. Please call at 2661 Twenty-
second st., near Bryant.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel, restaurant, city. 324 Mason; phone
Black 2306.
AMKRJCAN woman has child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason; phone
Black 2306.
WOMAN, good cook, wants situation or will
do laundry work and help in kitchen; hotel
preferred. 8 Gough st.
A GOOD ranch cook wants cooking for men;
country. 324 Mat>on st. ; phone Black 2396.
YOUNG German lady wishes position In fine
family to do light housework or to take care
of one or two children; cannot speak Eng-
lish; no high wages but home preferred.
Box 3273, Call offlc*.
GIRL. 16. wants to work on ranch during turn-
¦ mer 'n family with no girls; horr.- more
than wages; no postals. Address LIONE
STAFFORD. Napa, Cal.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
fmernents, invalids; cheerful, painstaking;
moderate terms; references. MRS. KING,
917 Geary st. - • - -
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at
home; work neatly done, guaranteed, at mod-
erate prices. Address MRS. YAGER, 2S*i
Most st. • •
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes pcsitlon as working housekeeper; take
full charge; very fond of children; last place
7 vears: wages $25 up. Address box 3117,Call.
A WOMAN wants sweeping, cleaning or light
washing by the day or hour; 20 cents an
hour. Write or call at 864*4 Mission st.
COMPETENT and experienced stenographer
desires good position; good references. Box
17.30. Call office. ¦¦-.¦¦
MIDDLE-AGED Catholic woman wishes posi-
tion in small German family; general house-
work. Inquire 632 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced, desires
position takin? charge of rooming-house;
competent worker. 146 Fourth 8 t.« room 19.
A YOUNG woman with experience wishes a
position to run a roomine-house. Box 1S49,
Call otflce. ..
COMPETENT bookkeeper and stenographer, 6
years' experience, desires position; refer-
ences; $12 week. Box 1862, Call office.
DRESSMAKING by the day; experienced;
good fitter: quick worker. Tel. Scott 1871.
evenings only. -
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleaning; $1 SO and car fare. Address
or call on MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
WANTED — Position as working ' housekeeper;
city or country. Call or address, 1065 Mar-
ket st.. Mrs. A. L.
MIDDLE-aged German -woman .wishes position
in German family: housework and cooking.
3153 Seventeenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to do
housework. Phone Park 489. ¦
SITUATION as a cook. 1 Lexington ave.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes .work by the
day. 34 Eleventh st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day;
will go out. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint. I486.
A WHITE lady would like work by day or
vr«'ek. Address MRS. S., 127 Second st., r. £
YOUNG German woman wants work by . the
day: $1 25. Call at 52u"4 Grove st. t
j JAPANESE girl wishes a place .to work. 1241
Bush st. /
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call, Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
"WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALH.
WANTED— By young man, position; well ac-
quainted with city; must have work. Box
1807, Call office. ¦ , *
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, ¦ good workman, sober, steady, un-
derstands his business, wants "work; $3 dav
Box 2110, Call. - '¦ : -. ¦
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants a situation
in private family or boarding; wages $7 ud
Box 1SS0. Call office. • . ;
JAPANESE, young strong boy, wants position
as schoolboy. Please call at 16 Salina place
UTO. - i
RELIABLE man wants porter : or other work;
v'holesale house; drive small- wagon- handy
with tools. H..615 Larkln st. .
| A GOOD cook wants a situation In family:
city, or country: references. JARO. 1543
Larkin >t.: phone Polk 2340. " '..-..* . -
MIDDLE-AGED man -wants position as ¦ Jan-
itor; can take charge of a building and can
give reference. Box 3126, Call..
JEWELER, young- man. 8 years' experience,
wants position in shop. 2211; Pacific ave..
Alameda. . .
PRINTER— All round; competent to take
charge: city or country: married; sober. Ad-
drees Printer. 23 Sumner st. . .. -
AN : intelligent' boy of 14, anxious -to work,
seeks employment. Box 1710, , Call of flee.
AN experienced all around metal worker and
metal polisher and especially In soldering
metal, speaks German and English., would
like position; will start at moderate -wages;
can : furnish bond If necessary." FRITZ. , -
\ Carolina place, nr. Powell and . Pacific sts- •
MECHANICAL- draftsman, good designer and
detailer,' 18 years' experience, mining, sta-
tionary, marine power plants, factories,
wants position or work at home. ~ Box 3219,
Call itfflceS ---,-¦ ,,--, .¦
I WANT 2 B your ad agent;' no cheap firm
need apply. Box 189*5, Call office.
11US1XKSS «*H.V\CKS — cront«ntie«l.
¦Jjr>;. : ,'yJ-;! ~-~^~~-~
A— CAMERON & CO. Phcne South 1030.
3 EdUv st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOr. s.ile — Well f urnlsbed ."i-n?om ark, moored
cr.« Ivi-jr's ridt- from; city: fine -chance for
Summer Gutins; also for winter shooting and
Sishlng; Completely tarwtnee and equipped
•mi- li.-.usfcketpfns;; automatic generator for
leaking pum gay; to'.lots; closets; everythlng-
Fti-.ctly nev,- rxv.<i modem: accommodate IS
people over night; perfect little home: owner
f-Miged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR gale cr trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hg. cr business. CAMERON; 3 Eddy.
WANTED to exchange Incc.r.e property In Ala-
meda iar stool* O f mere har.cUsa In S. F. ;
_\alue about $8000. CAMERON & CO..3 Kddy.
FOR rale— Carriage and wagon factory and
per.erai jobbing; establishes =7 years; well
located r.nd equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
frcm business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooralntr-houE-es and business chances. CAM-
ERON' & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange— Lot. 25s 125, with cottage,
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
v.alks, everything flrst-cJass: on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Flr6t r c!ass electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
CANDY business:' Ppwell St.; within block of
Hotel St. Francis and theaters; valuable lo-
. cation; splendid opportunity; business estab-
lished; expensive fixtures; $3000; other Inter-
ests. Address Box 1744. Call office.
FOR lease, hotel f;irr.l?.hPd complete: accom-
modate 22 boarders: two bars; two dining-
rooms: best location In California. Ad-
dreFs box 1244," Call office, Oakland.
FOR tale in h rood town in Alamoda County '
hotel of 22 bedrooms, parlors, dining-rooms,
carrtrooms. barroom, etc.; rent 550; Income
$C00 r«r month. Address box 3294, Call.
I WISH to eell my half-Interest In grocery and ,
fcai- ar.d family liquors on a good coiner In
the Mission; average daily sales $37 50; price
$1050. Adjr»ss box 3197, Call office.
PARTNER to Join me in manufacturing liml-
ment; must have $1500 cash; your, money
secured by ren! estate. D. W. PHILBRICK,
440V4 Guerrero st. .
SMALL rooming-house and restaurant, seats 62
reople, located in the factory district; must
sell quickly on account of sickness. Box 3133
Call office.
$ 1000— RO ADHOUSE: strictly modern: fine fur-
niture; electric UcMs; hot and cold water;
best location for trade. 1015 Market, room 4.
MAX -with $?,<¥> to loan or put In business;
$75 monthly: best of security: lirht work.
' E?e PETERS. 30 Geary St., room 9.
PARTNER, with small capital, for oyster
house; good stand; good locality. Address
box 1243. Call office. Oakland.
FOR salt — Cigar store and laundry branch, slot
tnachln": ccod established trade. Box 1832,
Call office.
A— $250; Dartner wanted In light business;
must be satisfied with $15 to $35 a week.
231 Post «t.. room (?.
CORNER eroc<*ry; bar; fine fixture*: long
l'-ase; low rent; dcinz cood buslnets: bar-
gain if sold In few days. D., 3153 24th ft.
GROCERY for sale; gcod trade in a growing
ii5i«:^borho"d; will sell reasonable; sickness
caur». Address Box 1146. Call office:
WOOD, coal and hay yard for sale In cood
location In the Mission; established 14 years
Address box 32B1. Call offlc*.
$200— PASTRIES, notions & confectionery,
laundry agency; 3 furn rms and basement;
electricity ;Iarge Etock; fine trade. 625 Taylor.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen; fine location; will
sell at great sacrifice. See owner, 403
O'Farrell st.
FOR sale— A large bakery In country; clear*
$100 a month; must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137, Call.
$1450— HOTEL end bar; ben town In Cal.; 22
rooms; dinlnc-room; 32 steady board*rs; posl-
ck-ars $150 monthly. COAST, 6 Turk st.
AN excellent butiness opportunity for man
with small capital. Address Box 3251. Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar etore; must be
sold at once; cheap rent; lease. Box 122C,
Call office. Oakland.
FOP. rile— Good paying country hotel, cheap;
at ,railroad station. For particulars Inquire
¦100 Third et.. S.W. cor. Bryant: no agents.
$350 — DAIRY and- delicacy stores, with living
rooms. 370 Hayes st.
$500 — GROCERY and liquor store; pood trade.
Pacific P.eal Estate Co., 1015 Maiket st.
GfcOCERY and liquors; good location;. 4 living
rooms; must sell; particulars. 4312 19th st.
RESTAURANT for sale In Western Addition;
Kood lo.-ation. Box 1811, Call office.
$450 — ELEGANT candy and Ice cream store;
living; rooms; rent $35. 210 Fourth.
$2250— PARTNER wanted In gocd paying
country hotel. Principal, box 1881, Call.
FOn SALE — Fine grocery, also liquors; partle*
gning East; corner Duncan and Guerrero.
FOR SALE— Saloon. Call at Western Rubber
Stamp Works.' 521 Mission St..
A BRANCH orfice of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened a*. IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Op*r. until 11 p. m.
LODUIMG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
10S rooms; cheap rent; -new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired,
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness Interests demand Immediate departuie.
18 /ooc;«; rent only $75; well furnished
little Hcartment-house: reduced to $li:5O.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new aud
up-to-date hcuse: all men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month ; one of the best ; buys in the city.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $000. . ,
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing. $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly. fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close tn;
clears $iOO per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per. annum: departure.
7-room fiat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything
in nrst-clat-s condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If nil
transient can clear ¦ $300 to $350 per month;
here Is best proposition . In city; price $3200. |
7-room modern flat,' clcae in. well furnished:
coet $600; at bar grain If eold at once; $300.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial house
in city: clearing- now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley ;• property, or ranch
In California; must, leave, city. ¦ • ¦
i 17 rooms; *r«-nt only $70: fine little apart-
ment house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
¦ • ¦ . . ¦ i i ... . #
128" rooms; cheap rent; .long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $<>C0 dc month; must sell on
account of other business; only .with u».
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and' mahogany; fine proposition;
: cood lease.
ISO rooms: grand,' new, modern apartment-
\ liouce; ¦ elegantly furnished and- iqulpi>ed:
I cheap rtntr fine lease, paying §500 to $600 per
momh: -close in; lull nice people; , barsrain if
taken at once; dissolution of partnership.
00-room new modern 2 and 3. room apart-
ment-house; cheapo rent; most elegantly
equipped in city: 6 years' lease; every appolnt-
Thent heart could wish; this little gem ut bar-
gain on account' of sickness. •' - ¦ .-,'
i 28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob.
1 Hill; iloinc fine business: will trad*- for large
'apartment-house and pay cash t difference.
I^arge . Hat of real estate, rooming-house*
and business for exchanpne or trade - always on
hand*. A. CAMERON* & CO-.'SEddy «*»T^
A— $3CC0; LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kspt
by owner 25 years; rent $200; lease; fine fur*
niturc;- place clearing above $350 per month;
vlclr.lty Market and Kearny sts. Box 1 2700.
Call office. . ;¦-..¦ ¦;
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st. '
If you want to buy a house or .flat '< on easy
terms, large list to select from. ¦ „ .• ' .
'' li " ( '. l^'L > _" )l:<it '' S KOIt <»AIiF:— -Con.
MA RIOX G R I FFIN.
4C6 Hearst bldg., over Examlnsr entrance.
Cor. Third and Market. sts. Tel. Black COOT.
Rooming-houses end hotels for, tale.
60 roorcs; corner house; xievv; above ordinary
in modern conveniences: elegantly furnished in
mahopany and blrdscje rna«!e: clearing *2«0
mo u ; 54COO cash required. MARION GRIFFIN.
laO rooms, new, modern hotel; Jf you want
a bargain. *et particulars at; once. M. Griffin.
•Ju roorns : guaranteed to clepr $200 per mo.;
$200 cash; pet rartlculars. MARION GRIFFIN*.
14 roornB; corner houje; an ideal - home and
money maker; owner sick In country; must be
eold at once. See MARION GRIFFIN.
• 0 rooms; 2, 3 and 4 room suites with baths;
beyond question the most magnificently furn.
apartments In city; for price, terms, etc.. see
my exclusi\e ssent. MARION GRIFFIN.
$"3r.C0, b-.iys this week only. 86-room house;
newly furnished: hi splendid condition: every
room occupied by steady roomers; rent $250;
lone iease; profit ' $250 nv. Marion Griffin.
24 looms; all on 1 floor: always full and easy
to take care of; for quick sal" reduced from
$l."C0 to S1COC: ij er.eh for a bargain; see my
enly spent. .MARION GRIFFIN.
?ov>00 ;..".'{ rooms; beautiful corner house; part
cash; lalance to be paid out of earnings of
houre. which is over «3C0 p:r month. Get par-
ticulars from MARION GRIFFIN.
518CO; 22 roomo; corner house: rent $110; run
by present owner 3 years; ideal home and al-
ways eure to clear more than f70 every month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
?"C0 cash Is -nil you need to buy 18 rooms
with almost new furniture; -where on earth can
ycu beat this offer for a business that Is clear-
in? over $65 per month. MARION GRIFFIN.
If you are looking for a hotel, lodging-house I
or apartment-house, It will pay you to see I
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 4C6, Examiner bids- S. F.. Cal.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease. .$3500-
20 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.. 1000
115 rooms, low rent, country transient. 500O
81. rooms, rent only $&5 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient..... 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room 3-J00
Hotels and roadhow and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rate*.
EITEL gc CARROLL,, 212 Kearny st.
A GOOI> opportunity; rooming-house of 12
rooms; rent $20: water free: n»ar carhouse;
rooms always occupied; a genuine bargain;
b«-st reasons for selling; only prospective
cash buyers need apply; price $G0O. 174S, Call.
FOR tale for $3000. the best paying lodging-
house on Market St.; 31 rooms; rent *1!>1>:
leas*; income aversce ?S70 per month; full
lnvestipatlcn allowed Address box o217,
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE. 36 rooms, for sale; central
location: well furnished; light looms. Box
•3274,-CbU office.
45-ROOM corner hcuse; $125 rent: steid-y and
transient trade; my failles health only cause
of selling. Box 2690. Call office.
24-ROOM housekeeping hcv.se; great bargain;
• account sickness. 743 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well paying 21 -room Iodsrlng-house.
Inquire at grocery. 1030 Folscm st.
FOR «>1p or exchange for real estate — 20 room?,
rent $40; with lease. $500. 517 Hcward et.
WASHINGTON. 2 — 13-room house furnished
complete: gcod 'business.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. E. M.'MllIer. automatic slate-wrltlng, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRK. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 120ft Market st.. Gait House.
CLA1RVOYA>TS.
AA— Call at once and rave $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail, to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry. In fact, 1 will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I Trill improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature So you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, | and causa
marriage with one of choice. - 10 a. m. to 8
p. Di.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
salt this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Mi's M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names riven: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR, Egyptian oeeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market et., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
¦ a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs. A.M. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard, bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and- facts; readings dally. 917 Market st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c.
Kent* 50o. TM Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. MARSBAU, card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents, 50c. C45 Minna et.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of the
age. 1207 Market et., room 11.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis st.
CARPjaT BEATIXO AXD CLEAXIXG.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., SO* Market at.;. phones Main 162 and
Bush 479. - ,
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINfVS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-.'{57 Tehartfa. st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 7*.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison st. :A1 cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 120.
HOPKE BRO9. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suiter st;
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. '1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES TO LET.
.FOR rent— Cottage 6 rooms and bath; n*w;
14S Clipper st. ; $?5. Apply Manhattan Hotel,
room 30. • ¦¦¦..-. ¦ • ...
COTXAGKS-SUBURBA^.
FOR summer outing — Fine new cottage; fur-
. nlshed;' woods; 'mountains; fine'. trout stream:
?20 per month. Box. 3259. Call office. ,
. CI.OTHI1TO 3BITOVATrwa.
SUITS 'cleaned, and: pressed,'* $1: -scouring and
dyeing. Ben Marche. 40 ElUSiSt., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants - ejected ' for $4; • collections made;
city, or country. PactQc Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10: • tel Main 65S0.
.¦_-/"' CTfRES nTJPTiritE.
HUNTER'S Poeltive Rupture; Holders.' $10; no
discomfort. 120t> Market St.; s'nd for. circular.
de.viists. :
A'-SEW plate — The "Whalebone — Cannot break;
1 warranted 20 yrs.;-crown,,$;i:50; fillings. 50c; i
- plates, $5 ;' full set; all work painless and
warranted. ' Chicago Dental tarlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. • LUDLUM, HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting • when plates are
. made; : eld plates made over like new; teeth
• from?3 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. '. KNOX. dentist, now <¦ located at the
Grant .building, . 1C95 Market. 2d floor; all
first-clasa dentistry nt low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors* 235 Kearny. . cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c
ALL -work warranted by the . New York den-
tlsts. > Dr. Perkins.- Mgr.. 959 Mission, cor. 6th;
ARTHUR CHISHOLM.surgeon-dentlst.rl4. 1st
; floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver. 35c; crowns. $2: no
i 1 - pain; open Sunday*. : Dr.O.B.HewittZO* Suttr.
rsnu'i.ov.tiniT w * n>$ ™l~J!!2}£l<~
or* nf a Uttv. I'^klf.* «'»»r ll»£ g^JwfcUUL
Tot fur»h«r f.nf fktilurd »l'Mf «" hl * '*'''?"
ploy.r, f. W. DOlltUtANM, I*» *Jl'" •«<•
Kan rrnn<-tv". , ..
A uToh-cww" -p^Kiiy, #a!««rn*n i" j™*
product* iind ¦roc^rlw ittlf* «« '"""•¦
connection with a thftfotijthly JJW**5i!
«nce. Bos .1M0, C«l) t,tr\ri. -
PAtNTBR— O'jod allarniin<1 priii**! fcgttj*
painter wr.uld work tot »'¦! M m tnr »•""
thtrt Is a ••••k'!* Wf.rk ».r rnT«; c!ty nr rtrtttf
try; non-union. Vux 5?C»1. • .»V Of fle». ' ' ¦-
l';>:ni-r. --ap»r.h»r)|(«r. ilenwrlttr, wkjrtrw^fjj
tool* fur. 1272 Kolsom *t. . phor«» Mln? '^i
A JAPANK3S, flnp'-^ln** took, want* * P""'-
tlon tn nice fmnlly In city nr country; wn«,»«
Sift up. H. N. Iir.UKA, • Ontral plae*.
Francisco. Cal. - .-
EXCELLENT Ja^aneisireeoi* wants a position
In nice family; city or c/uotry. H'>* *2 **.
Call office. _
YOUNO Japanese boy wi«h«* sttuatlin a*
schoclbov rr hou»cworl:er In small f*mlly:
speaks Encllsh. OEOROE, 2^8 Third st.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, want* a pos;tlcn
In family; waees $3 to $10 »»•* H. T.
ENOMOTO. 467 Hayes st.
JAPANESE, good, honest boy, wants position
as schoolboy, do cooking, tn city. GEOROE.
744 Post st. • :.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position la
family; reference. 807 PoUe st. S. MORI.
A JAPANESE boy want* position to school
boy in family. M7 Polk st. T. AJBHIDA.
A JAPANESE wlahes to work after « In th-
eventnev T. TAKA. 110 Taylor «t.. r««r.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as waiter
speaks very well. WILLIAM. 849 Bush »t.
JAPANESE boy want* position as help of
cook. 1544 Polk tt.; phone Larkln 3SC2.
JAPANESE wants to do work, general help
for family; go to school. 1215'^ Post »t.
JAPANESE wants to do work. n«neral help for
family: go to school. 1215*4 Poet st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position In
hotel or boarding-house. QUON GOON. 320
Kearny street.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants good posl-
tlon. Call Gotpel Hall. 734 Jackscn st.
FIRST-clats Chinese cook wants position:
hotel or boarding-house. 1110 Stockton st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a Hit and help you to find a
'place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; -take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Geary »t., on the square.
NOE. 10S>0 — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner;
6 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. cars.
FREDERICK. 324-328— Two elegantly finished
new flats, 5 rooms each; all latest Improve-
ments; rent, lower flat $32 50, upper $33.
Apply 330 Frederick st.
CENTRAL ave.. 67. near Waller — Sunny upper
up-to-date flat; 6 large rooms and bath;
reasonable.
NINETEENTH, 3C32— 2 sunny flat* to let: 4
rooms and bath, $22 50; 5 rooms and bath,
$25; key at premises.
GROVE. 729 A— Lower flat, four rooms, bath,
yard, light sunny; adults. ¦ "
GROVE. 790— Modern middls flat « rooms,
bath: adults. EASTON. ELDRIDGE.
NEW corner flat of 6 rooms, bath: nicely tint-
ed; sun all day; $30. Lyon and Fulton sts.
NEARLY new upper flat; 4 rooms and bath.
,"-"<;• i Tehama st. ' -
FILLMORE. 1124, corner — 7 large, light rooms
and bath; modern: rent $40.
SUNNY, new. modem 5 rooms: yard: rent rea-
sonable. 1006 Capp St.. near Twenty-fifth.
ELEGANT bay-window flat; 6 rooms; bath.
735'£ Minna st., near Ninth.
$21 — 6 ROOMS; bath: laundry; modern; sunny;
beautiful. 334 Cumberland, bet 19th and 20th.
HARRISON. b2S — Fine, modern, new flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
NEW sunny flat: 4 rooms, bath: close to Cas-
tro cars: adults. 417S Twentieth st.
FELL. 3S2. near Octavla — Modern sonny lower
flat. 6 rooms and bath.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG. 118 Montgomery st
FLATS TO LET FCRKISHED.
HAIGHT, 1298. Buena Vista, cor. Central are.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
house has all conveniences and Is situated in
teiect neighborhood.
CAPP, C14 — 5 sunny desirable rooms; gas and
coal ranee: piano.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, for sale; sunny
and on car line. Box 3287. Call office.
FURNISHED modern flat, 6 rooms, for sal«;
rent $32 60. Box 3108, Cal! office.
FIVE-ROOM flat, furnished, for sale. Address
box 52C". Call office.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Modern flat or cottage. 4 or 5
rooms: not over $20. Box 1S08. Call office.
PyRXITURR WANTED.
ABE LEVY. "—-— — ™
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jwsle 76L
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until you ggt his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fnr-
nlture. carpets. «-tc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
FURX1TUHK FOR SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
Ander. on Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house; low prices
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 430 Valencla.nr. 16th. Tel. Church 3S79
FOR saie — Writing: desk and chiffonier com-
hlned. Box 320», Call office.
HELP ' WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; clean,
healthy place; higher wages paid than by any
other canner. Code-Portwood Canning Co.,
Bryant and Tenth sts.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON ENGIN-
EER JACKETS AND OVERALLS. STAND-
ARD FACTORY. COR. GOUGHi AND
GROVE STS.
LADY stenographer and typewriter, thoroughly
competent. Apply in own handwriting, stat-
ins references and salary expected, box 1S0O.
Oil office.
WANTED — A girl for housework and cooking.
S6C McAllister st. ,
TALENTED amateur performers. Appl/ at
Chutes. 6 p.m.. Wednesday: salary no oBJect.
COMPETENT girl, general housework; Ameri-
can family; wages $20. 73U Colo st.
A DISHWASHER wanted; wages $20. Cali-
fornia General Hospital. 2"J0 Douglass st.
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes position as working housekeeper- take
full charge; very fond of children; last place
7 years: wages $25 up. Address box 3117. Call.
WANTED— Young woman who Is an experi- ;
enced dry. goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and, 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
PRACTICAL millinery school: cstab. 15 years:
one week offer; materials furnished: course
$15; satisfaction guaranteed. 816! O'Farrell.
WOMAN over 27 for position of trust: one hav-'
Ing business training preferred. Address
* Advancement, box 3262. Call office.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced saleslady
for books and stationery. Apply superintend-
ent's office, the Emporium.
YOU DON'T NEED A F0PIUNC TO PLACE AN AD IN THE
II KM* WAnrKT^rKMAI^-Con^^
A W'A.v : rV./'"-Vil/!»*^ 1*«rn barriresiing.
*tttanUntUig. •«• i »'•<• taugfct f.-an> A to &
if» 2 w»«i». tiiltlon 13 to «b"«« «ct«Tin« no-*;
» •MtflMW •" «» lmm«<«al«I7: pottloaa
«»«r«nt##1 at ' ft* Vt »•«* op; le»l>2»
•tftool \n «>•!, VA O«»ry tt.^ room 1*.
A 'itr.'.n "¦ i»»f mu:in«fr nv Tot faU •*•-
ton-. I'rth *•«•'•«» i»'iith trim »u*t «» finis*
!r» I tnr-nth U-t lift, ptniUnn «s trirsjs*:*.
Httlmfii**. «f; . tuntittf'i «t llttpw w*.up;
«Mf mnti »»*nlfl« tt*am I«4 gto^Xton St.. r. 1A
)l«)f}f #•«!'*, m«rt*'»flf m, jw»m|% "C^P tr 2* £ :
m«flf, hitf wr,r*; fttwmt mtprrrtttrM ..atr; W 2
«k« da* «v» r-1*". p"*<>V>n* **eur*'i. h:<h-»«*
»„««« M»'m',*»i Itr.m \t\* Mat, to VSi Pow»it.
UAVY" tr«*#l#f> '«!»« tf* trim hensa carea.
f: .* |«S9, ' >»> >.•?'• _. _^
EXPKniKiVCr.fl tf9*t*tr>i* 'to •!?* «S-J »00l«a
*«ur«. .».*¦:/ w>/r)i, i»4 pay, a lit %y
A IT,'jriTAt»«,K MtfJSfJ ptf* hops l.i Angtiw.
\\tit» V. turn'** ll'.f«f. 122 Ea'.fry st..S F*.
HieLj' ~\S\S 4 riU— Jk.Vt.ti.
AT C. H HASPKS * COH. E.-rp- Agent*.
in tinnh tl. •;« % <W2 CUy ft.
J.'evada. H9\*A* Nevada.
Uw.tir: 179
La ;.-"", 47*
T*Rm»t«r». }T5. r
l/rlll«T». fr>.
«V,nCT«'« rr.l *.•¦*. |75
T«an>»t»r«. Clark'* n»iw Lai* Railrsad
In Southern California, n^ar Los An«e!e*.
%'/). •-; ¦•"¦•.ti rat* far«. S4 '-'
Ctn*nter who ean frtm* aad pat r?TT?h«r
t .1 !.<} a day.
wagon mak«r. whi und»r«u.ads r»pairl=r.
logging wheels. |3 «O a day.
Gang »dg«r tor a logging can»p» »3 a d*y.
Tall «dg«r for • logging camp, »2 10. t2 23
day.
S farmers. sam« ranch. ?SO.
Woodchoppers. fl 25 a cord.
O-rrman or 8w»d», prtvaU placa> eauziry,
Experienced choker. r»itaaraat. dty, tM.
Fry cook, hotel, country. $45.
Cooks, waiter*, porters, bellboy*, dty &a*
country. ll.VfflO. /
C. R. HAN3EN * CO.. Employsaent Ag-nts.
429 Bush st. 842 Pay st.
A— PACTTIC EMPLOYMENT AOENCT,
F. il GUNN. 83-S Commercial ri.«
Phnn» Main 1191. 0 doer* off KeamT-
KEVAX>A.
Teamsters. J2 «0; laborers. J75; ceccrets-
mixers. |75; driller*. 130: iteady work,,aM
you see boas her •: ship daily.
FLORENCE. ARIZONA. JT/5RENCE.
Another big shipment to-n!ght; big wage*
and fare only S10 50.
CLARK RAILROAD.
60 teamsters, $60: fare J4 6a
vVOODCHOPPERS.
Large mlnir.gr company; 4-foot wood; tl!*
cord; see owner here; ateady work: tcols and
provisions furnished.
Cooks, waiters and dishwasher*. .
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BTTREA.TJ
642 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush S33. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
NEW "WORK— SOUTH — PART FREE FAR3
25 laborers, you'll suit. t2 25 to *2 50. by
railroad.
NEVADA— SCO msn. $2 50 to f 3 50 day; s««
boss here. ARIZONA, lc mile— 13 laborers,
pipeline. Mounterey County. $43 and found; 10
laborers, phone gang, $45 and found; 123 mill,
yard and wcodsm«>n; trackman, lumber com-
pany railroad. $.v> and found; 2 carpenter*,
city, $4; 3 carpenters, north. ISO and found;
20 farmers and milkers: second cooks, coun-
try; 10 lumber pliers; 100 other Job*.
BOARDINO-HOtTSE cook, $45 and found;
Baker, country shop. $14 week and fonnd;
elevator boy, $30; pantryman, $"U); sliver
man, $30; porter, country hotel. $25: waiter*
and others. J. F. CRO3ETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
REDWOOD barker; farmer and wife. $3O and
found; assistant gardener. $25 and tound:
solicitor for wln« house; farmer and milkers
¦crew turner. $5O and found; 3 carpenters,
$4 day: boy to learn trade, and others. J.
F. CRO5ETT & CO.. 62S Sacraraanto it.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' A»-ent9, 93 Third st.
Blacksmith, tool sharpener and sh3«r;
waiter for nurses' tabl». big country hotel,
gocd position; Monterey County, big Job.
work every day. $2 23. ship to-day: Arizona,
laborers. 3 mors to complete shipment, ship
Monday: Nevada, teamsters $2 SO, laborer*
$2 SO; Southern California, teamsters, «hlp>
to-day.
ANDRE'S Office. S17 Stocktcn it.— Cook an*
wife, $100; cook and second, country. $130;
ccarhman and gardener. $30; man handy
with tools. $23 and found: pantryman. $30;
dishwasher. $23; porter, country hotel. $20;
porter, dining-room. 123; pantry man. insti-
tution. $2O: candy and Icecream maker; oys-
ter man. first-class place, $4O.
RED CROSS EMPLTOMENT AGENCY.
602 Clay st. Phone James 2478.
Nevada, j Government Job. Nevada.
Laborers, teamsters, driller*.
20 laborers, south. $2 25 day.
15 teamsters. $2 80 day.
You want work. See the Red Cross, 603
Clay et.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Sculleryman. country. $40; cook, $40.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Cock, short hours and easy job, $40.
¦WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade:
steady work; no night or Sunday work: $29
-• security needed. Apply 310Va Folsom. upstairs.
BARBER: none but good man need apply;
young man preferred. 847 Flllmore St.. cor-
ner McAllister.
BARBER — Steady: none but a good maa need
apply. 44 O*Farrell st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady; $18 a week.
2S07 Mission M.
SALESMEN make big money selling Perfection
faucets. 36 Geary st., room 17.
JEWELERS wanted. S2S Bush st. room 4.
third floor. ' -,
____ ,
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. £33 Clay st.
AN experienced, sober. Industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department la a store
situated not far from San Francisco: wouM
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of ag«. Address box 1802. CaU office.
WANTED— Men ana boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; senii for catalog-ue. Address 4973-3
Easton ave.. St. "Louln. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldjr., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knoT
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
added 10O new room* to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Night steward: must understand
restaurant bustnr.is: strictly sober: furnish
recommendation and bonds. Call 38 Fourth.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced stock clerks for whole-
sale millinery. Apply at HALM & NA-
THAN'S. 312 and S14 Market St.
WANTED — Steady man for office; light work'
$60 month; $130 required; security. 1221
Market st.. rocm 1.
TWO rounj m*n and two younjr ladles, agents
. for rapid selling article: his; money. 214 -"ine
St.. rocm 201 11 to 12 o'clock.
MEN and women to learn barber trade In flVs
weeks: new method. HAIGHT, »47 Com-
merclal st.: paid while learning.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 5o; we pay
expre's or mall charges. 11 Cd st.. Exam, bid.
FOR sale — Cood paying 3-chair barber shop-
$3C0. 222'^ Eart st..b*t. Hcward and Folsom
CANVASSER, city salesman, wanted by Man-
hattan Food Co.. 1253 Folsom st.
DRUG clerk wanted. Address box 15500 Call
: office.
i BAPCBEK shon fcr sale; cheap: make me an
offer. 3147 Twenty-fourth «t.
AN experienced •wine and Mquor traveling
Mailman for estab. trade. Box 1723, CaU.
"WA NTED— Thoroughly experienced ODttciarT
Apply box 1S47. Call office.
¦ .
; WANTED — Two flrst-c!29a barbera at Plai*
barber shop. Oakland.
A WIDE-AWAKE man: Importunt position*
must be fre«? to travel. Eox S2Tt5. Call.
A COOK for small boarding-house. 701 Bat-
I tery st.
MAN to take orders for printing. Arply 313
Filbert st.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
tuition In S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard.
' A £ r £? ! £i'it cutlnK: prck hops in Ausrust. Wii;*
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..1223attlry st-.S-F?
k-j 30 /- <J* b . t^. >:o "* cte(1: Mlts - attachment.
: Law and Adjustment Co., S2S Montgy. r. 413.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jaikson «t.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 1 1, ;. 1904.
9
HOnSES AAD WAGONS — Continued.
BUGGY for sale, $35; good condition. Box
1S27. Call office. • - - ¦.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, sur-
reys. cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market st.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
BRODEiUCK. 1015 — Handsome single 2-story
modern residence. 6 very large sunny rooms,
servant's room; ample grounds; rent $50.
MCALLISTER. S04— House. 9 rooms and bath;
rent $45. SPECK & CO.
TURK. 733 — House to let: 7 rooms and bath;
convenient for two families.
H«v>li> TO Lfcy* KtK.N^HED.
FURNISHED house to let; 8 rooms and bath;
convenient to car lines; nice garden. 2906
Washington Bt.
TO let — Furnished house of 7 rooms and bath;
cheap to reliable party: must give reference.
1370 Eleventh ave.. Sunset District.
i HOUSES FtHMSUEO KOtt SALbT"
FOR sale — In Berkeley, furniture of nicely fur-
nished cottage of 6 rooms; everything com-
plete, ready to move in; near Key Route and
local train: 1 block from Shattuck ave.; price '
$350. Address F. A.. Berkeley Postofnce.
EIGHT-ROOM furnished house for sale; in
Western Addition. Box 32'.»S. CaU office.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE euitable fcr boarders; 20 rooms; good
location. Box 3142. Call office.
INVESTMENTS.
A— < PER "cEnT^UARANTEEiT .
Or 5 per cent and Participation in Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgages.
EAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
70S Market st., P. F.. Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. Jsmes G. Maeulre. ex-U.S. Congressman
Hon. Edw. K. Taylor.- ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock & Co.
Allen M. Clay. Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard, General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See dividend notice tn this Issue.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eamei- tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LO ST AX D FO L 1 1\ li.
FOUND — The next three month?, choicest cut
flower- and all descriptions floral work - at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 12O4
Sutler. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of JUPTINA LINDLOF, No. 230-
2S0. Finder will plea^ r?turn to bank.
LOST — Sunday, in cr near Golden Gate Park,
lady's gold watch with diamond setting;
liberal reward. 1S30 Fell st.
Lf'^T — A diamond sunburst Saturday evening.
Return to 124 Eureka, st. and receive reward.
LOST — Shell Kick pin; s-:nal! diamond; reward.
112 Montgomery Ft.
LOST— Black Cocker f-raniel. July 3; license
No. 1137. Rpward. 4f>9 Orange Ft., Oakland.
LOST— Friday near ferry; 5 p. m.. a Mack
rurse; reward.— ,J. T- P. 414 Mills bldp.
LAUNCHES FOE HISS.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
t'.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 5:it.
J. Michaelis Launch Co..Union-st. Wharf: boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart »t. ; tel. John 26S8.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO crder; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKEJ
EROS.. 14.J2 ."1 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
A— DR WHITE. 702 Market Ft.
' SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN.
Seventeen years' experience WITHOUT A
FAILURE has put me at the head of my pro-
fession as a women's Fpecialist; lalies wlio
are in trouble or sufTerir.R frcm irregularities,
suppressions, or any ailment peculiar to
wcraen, can depend upon me and save time
and money hy consulting me first.
I POSITIVELY GUARANTEE IMMEDIATE
RELIEF
From irregularities frcm whatever cause, or
MAKE NO CHARGE; the unfortunate are
helped: no humiliaUrg examinations; my fees
are reasonable; sanatorium accommodations
when necessary, *nd you can pay when cured;
if others fail to cure you, do not despair, but
corne to me at once; I have never failed and
will net fall In your r a s«. ONE VISIT IS
ALL THAT I? NECEF5SART to obtain relief.
! CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE. Do
j not take treatment until you have had a con-
I nd°ntial talk with me; it will save you many
dollars. IF YOU CANNOT CALL. WRITE.
All correspondence sacredly confidential. Hours.
I » to 9; Sundays. 10 to 1.
DR. WHITE, 7P2 Market St., rooms 7 and S.
A— MRS. DR. NATHAN, the great ladles' spe-
cialist; 25 years' experience; guarantees cure
or no pay; takes ladiee before or during con-
finement, with best medical care; confine-
ment $15; ro< m and beard $5 week; infants
adopted. 2066 Market ?t., opposite Valencia.
MRS. DR. WYET1I, specialist for all female
complaints sr-.d irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. S2S Post st.
MKS. DR. KOHL, reliable (=p*>cialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCOSVi Market st.. cpp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 101S Market St.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises. Is permanently located at 511A
« ! Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Faireil.
LADIES' Irreg-ulftritiet! cured; TH years' ex.;
private. DK. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny 3 t.
LADIES — Kumrour.d; safe, cure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Rugsles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. end MRsT "DAVIEslmd HINDOO HERBS;
original methed of treatment. 1126 .Market.
DR. ROFEN resides 2935 Folsom It., corner
2'-th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
BIISCELLAAEOLS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TCSH & WOLPMAN, 1U5-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
P.epair it with elaterlte; in rcl!s easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron tin or shingles; best for cew roofs.
F.LATER1TE ROOFING CO.. ?13 Market »C
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; «ee Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale »t.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 W>. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 228 Kearny st..
near i'.ush; open to D p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers, water pipe. »haf ting, pulleys,
etc WIUTELAW. 253-255 Bpear «t. .
MINERALS, coins qnd curios in fine showcase;
books on assaying and minerajogry; as^ay out-
f.t cheap. 3646 Sixteenth Et.,near Market.
THOROUGHBRED Jersey cow; young and gen-
tle; very Hch milk; price $75; worth $125; a
beauty. 1012 Grand st.. Alameda.
GENTS' full drees. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
•u'.ts to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
nr.all weekly payments. United Loan and
Truat Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, genta' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St.,
upstairs.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 8 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY ' our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
MODERN eng. lathe. 14 in. by 6 in.; used 3
mo.; turret head, chuck, etc 109 Fremont.
2000 FEET patent chimney pipe; second-hand
lumber of all kinds at 8 Valencia Bt.
ANTIQUE mahogany furniture, at 151 7 A San-
chez; always on band; cheapest place to buy.
|15 CART for sale. 200 Ninth st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book. Store. €1 Mj:AUister st.
HOMERST Runts, Runt crosses; Al equab rais-
er*; stamp for cata. C. WHson,223F Stevdneon.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Coa.
LARKIN.1007. cor. Post— T1* Crajburn. H. Bur-
llngame.prop.; rms.. single A hkpc.apartntenta.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gat«
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
LYON. 417 — 4 furnished - rooms; phon*, gm*.
bath, yard; no children; near Panhandle.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furn!s*i housekeep-
ing rooms; complete; no children."- _
MISSION. 1221. nr. 8th— 2 nicely fumlsh-4
sunny connect, rrr.s.; gas range; no children.
NINTH, 119 — 1 front bay-window room, suit-
trble for light housekeeping: pric* $3.
NORFOLK. 29, near Twelfth— $13; 5 larg«
rooms. ¦
OAK 117 638 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
* 4* to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OAK. 1529 — On panhandle; 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; bath and laundry: reasonable.
PEARL. 3, cor. Market— 2 furnished house-
keeping* rooms: no children: phone.
; PINE. 704— Sunny front suite, furnished; gas
range, folding bed; $12 50; also single.
SIXTEENTH. 367S. bet. Market and Caitro—
3 sunny front rooms fcr housekeeping; gas;
reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 128—4 unfurnished rooms for
* housekeeping; no children.
I SUTTER. 805, cor. Leavenworth — Two rery
desirable front housekpg. rooms: reasonable.
TAYLOR, ftll— Furnished suite, gas r»ng«.
1 $12 50: 1 tunny room, gas range, $7; singla
room $6.
THIRD. 314. upstairs — Single front rooms for
2, 3 or 4 people: $2 and $3 BO weekly.
THIRTEENTH. 174. near Howard— $«; X un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; adult*.
TWF^.'TY-FOUKTH. 3174— Thre-s furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
..PA-RTanare houses.
ET. CECILS. 115 Fell, above Van Ness uwm.: I
The acme of perfection In modern. «le«rantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with prtT»t»
baths, stewun beat. ele-. light. et«-r., raa r»ag».
SENTINEL <The). S79 Turk. a4<ae«nt Jefferson
Square^ — Modern sunny apartments of Z and 4
rooms, ready for occupancy; phona East 91 T.
A— WHITEFIELD. 122S McAllister; ele. sunny
unfurn. apartments; very desirable; adults.
A — ROSSWELL. 1360 Pine. nr. Hyde — Smartly
furnished (new) sunny 2-3-4 room apartments
BELGRAVIA APTS. % POLK. NR. CLAY— S-Z
r. ; $15 up: gas stoves; baths; tel. Polk l»ca.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS*.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts. : phon* Pr. Ex. 443.
OCTAVIA. 1423— Most select apartm't hous« la
city; 3-4 rooms; ele. furnished; reasonable.
8T. LOUIS. 1373 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-*
romrc: furn. nr unfurn. r ref» Tal. But IWft
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. mud I'nfari.
'A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth rt. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week aa4
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "Th« Almonte," 873 Market st (ot No. t
Fifth et.) — Rooms. 23c. 60c, $1. $1 50 nU*t:
$1 &O to $10 week; house open all night.
ABERDEEN, 838 Sutter — Cor. house; hand-
somely turn, room facing street; sun all day.
¦ BURNETT. 1428 Market <ol<J No. 136*)— mr-
r.tshed rooms, suite, single ; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1277 — $12; a targe furnished room, suit-
able for two.
CALIFORNIA. 12SO— Elegantly furnished rooms
for gentlemen; rates reasonable.
CAMP. 24. between Sixteenth and Seventeenth
— A nice furnished front room to let.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; price* reaaoaabt*.
EDDY. 432 — Elegantly furnished, sunny par-
lor suite: bath, also single room.
EDDY. S06. nr. Van Ness^ — Sunny front room;
running water; also «1de room. i
ELEVENTH. 21 — Sunny rooma, furnished or
unfurnished; references.
EIGHTEENTH. 3462. corner Lexington— Two
furnished rooms.
ELIZABETH. 727— Healthy, high location: 2
single rooms. 1 double. $4. S3 and $9: board
If desired; near Castro and 24th st. cars.
ELLIS. 750, Hart Apartments^ — Fine furnished,
rooms: one on ground floor business purposes.
FELL. 453— Furnished sunny front bay-window
room.
F1LLMORE. 1007—2 nicely furn. front rms.;
gents preferred; bath; modern; board opt.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny bay window room wttA
grate, closet, bath.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. O. av*,— Sunny fur-
nished front room: all conveniences; for 2. $U
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooma 39o
to $1 22 sight; $1 B0 to $8 wk. ; reading-rm.
GOUGH. 445 — Nicely furnished rooms, all con-
veniences: reasonable.
HARRISON. 7S4^». near Fourtl* — Finely fur-
sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON. 1220 — Two sunny »tn*le rooms
In a newly furnished modern cottage for re-
spectable young ladles; $7 and $8 per mo.
HOWARD. 713 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 2Sc to $1 day and $1 25 to $3 waek.
JACKSON. 1175. cor. Jones— Furn. and unfnra.
rooms; marine view; private family; refs.
JONES. 919 — A comfortably, runny furnished
room; all conveniences; gentleman.
JESSIE. 363. east I*. S. Mint — Front room. 3
beds. $10: single. $5 month.
LOCUST ave.. 630. off Laguna — Small sunny
front room;_rent $5.
MARKET. 1049A.The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MCALLISTER. 81S — Nicely furnished room. .
MCALLISTER • J>Ot — Nicely furnished rooma.
with running water, for light housekeeping :
¦ first fleer. •
NATOMA 460}J. near Sixth— Nice, sunny room
for gent; gas, bath; private family.
NICELY furnished rooms en suite or slutsfr
$10 up. Phone East 1174.
NINTH. 147 — Large sunny room, •uttabU for
one or two persons. ,
ROTAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent llghta.
reading-room, smoking-room and Udl«s* par-
lor; rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; we*«. $3
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BACRAMENTO. 1032— Sunny doubls parlors,
furnished.
SACRAMENTO. 1365 A — 3 rooma. separate en-
trance; rent ?7.
SCOTT. 225 — A large single room; gentlemen
or two ladles; every convenience.
SEVENTEENTH St.. 4168. nr. Mkt. — Ele. furn.
sun.rm. :gas.bath. piano; $3; board op. ;«*nts.
SIXTH. 142 — Furnished rooms by day, week or "
month; reasonable.
SIXTH. 215% — 4 unfurnished rooma to 1st; no
children.
SIXTH. 24044 — Furniahed rooms, day." w»rt »p
month; location central and reasonable.
STANYAN'. "10 — Sunny front and other rooms;
al3o housekeeping; facing Golden Gat* Park.
STEIN ER. 123 — Furnished rooma to l«t. with
or without board; reasonable.
STEVENSON. 631 — A front room, furnished,
for rent. Call afternoon*).
TENTH. 2S2— Front Day window room; fur-
nished;, rent $5.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT '
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM: ELEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES: FROM $3
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths free: $3 to $6 per week;
$lto$l 50 per day: «lectrto elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st. — Offices ea
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in sutta
or single, by the day. weak or month; tran-
sient solicited.
THE RICHMOND. 503 Jones — Handsomely fur-
nished rooms. $1 50 week: 33c to $1 day up.
THE VERNON, 1123 Market— Rooms at $2 p«r
week; BOc to $1 per day.
THIRD, 308 — Large double bay-window parlors
- for couple or 4 men: $4 per week; light
housekeeping if desired.
. 0 Continued on Paso Tea.
HEAL ESTATE-—CITY- -FOB 3ALJES.
$250 DOWN and $20 per month: cottage, 5
rooms and bath; 219 Twenty-seventh st.
$500 down and $30 per month; houss of 8
rooms and bath; B rooms; rents tor $25
per mo. D. COFFIN & CO.. 8303 Mission St.
KKAL. tIM'A'ft: Conntry— For Sale.
WHITE it BAYLEY. V
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. :
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE, •
EXCHANGES. \
$0 per acre — 3600 acres, comprising the finest
stock ranch In Humboldt County; finest ranch -
house in the county; 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large barns; all under the best of
fence and crossfenced; good supply of timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune; several
thousand sheep, 100 head or cattle at market
price; 2000 acres more land If desired.
$2600— Only 3 miles from Santa. Rosa; 200
acres; 20 acres under cultivation; balance Um-
bered pasture; 4-room > house; larga barn; run-
ning water.
$3250— In town of Petaluma; 2H acres; mod-
ern 4-room house, bam, poultry houses, brood-
ers; 2 wagons, harness, hone, Jersey cow;
450 hen»; all in fruit; 20.000-gaIlon reservoir;
photos at office.
$6500— On Marsh Cre«k. near Llvtrmore; 680
acres; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, large barn; wagon shed, poultry
bouses; water piped to buildings.
$1400^ — 8 acres; 2H miles of Sebastopol; 4 1
acres berries, 1 acre orchard, balance crops; j
4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; lur- '
nlture; part cash.
$3500 — Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-,
em machinery; wate% power; capacity 10.000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools: half cash or lumber at market price.
FINE .DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
$4500—2 miles from Santa Rosa; 41 acres
rich soli, well fenced; 6-room house, 2 barns,
poultry houses; 2 acres assorted fruits.
$1500 — Near 'Sonoma City: 4V4 acres; family
orchard; new house, barn, poultry houses; over
'_'€¦" chickens.
$2700— Lake County. 3 miles of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced; 40 under
cultivation; 20 acres alfalfa land; small vine-
yard; 2 acres orchard; 8- room house, barn,
windmill and tank.
$1100 — 4 acres fine land near Haywards; 3-
room house; junction 2 roads; great place for
roadhouse.
$2500 — Fine summer resort in Sonoma. Go.:
stage station and P.\ O. on place; 141 acres
controlling 1000 acres' range; 8 .acres bearing
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished; bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming Implements; see this quick. ,
$2500— In Sonoma Co., near boat and can;
162 acres; some orchard and vineyard: corn
and grain field, garden, berries; 6-room house,
all furniahed; 2 horses, spring and road wagons,
harness, tools, cow, poultry; $200 Job if de-
sired.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre — One mil* or Modesto; 5 acres
up; ~i cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up, Vj cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodi, on the Woodbrldge
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class, farm
prcperty and poultry farms.
$20 per acre — Rich river bottom land; all
ditched for Irrigation; Placer Co., one tnlle of
town and railroad.
$17 per acre— Finest stock ranch In Placer
Co.; 1680 acres; at railroad station; BOO acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed; carry 400 head; dwelling. 3
good barns, farming implements. 90 cattle, 12
: horses; part cash.
I $i5C0 — 30 acres, \Vt miles of town, Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine in-
come: would trade city or Oakland property.
$s50 — 3 miles of . GeyservlUe; 2fc acres; 6-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard; oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$6500 — 106 acres; 5 miles 'from San Jose; 14
acres level hay land; 7 acres full bearing
prunes; 7-room house, bath. well, windmill
and tank.
$3750 — Sonoma Co., one mile of fine town: 10
acres all In peaches and prunes, with fine
crop of corn between rows; modern cottage, 5
rooms and bath, well,\ windmill and tank;
Russian River bottom; the real thins.
$10,000 — On Alurn Rock ave.. 3 miles of San
Joee;'£0 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
drying plant; nice 5-room cottage, grounds,
stables; electric cars pass door; Income $2000;
would take clear bay property in exchange.
$1500 Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co.; 4
acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nice shade trees, house and barn; great poultry
farm; easy terms. .. ¦ ,
$2750 — 160 acres fine foothill land in Contra
Ccsta Co.. near Clayton; SO acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room house, good barn;
water piped to buildings; family orchard; part
cash.
Send Etamo for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
FOR farm, timber, grazing and alfalfa lands,
orchards and vineyards and stock ranches,
call on or send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL
& CO., 507 California st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards* inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64d
Market ct.
LAND In San Joaquln for -sale or exchange;
irrigable: alfalfa proposition; no agents.
Owner, 154 Thirty-fourth st.. Oakland.
INVESTIGATE lands in Santa Ctu» County
for health and profit. W. F. CUMMINS.
240 Montgomery st. j
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATB.
FOUR choice lots for sale; cheap for cash.
Apply 32* Bush »t.. third floor, room 4.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$2300 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change lor unlncumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian River sectien; Berkeley property con-
sists of 9-room residence, lot 45x134, with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; In desirable residence section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4927, Call office.
A FINE lot In business portion of East Oak-
land to exchange for a lodging-house. Box
1245. Call oface. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102. oft Polk— Two sunny
housekeeping rooma and bath.
BUCHANAN 612—2 or 3 newly furntahed
rooms complete, cheapest In city.
BUSH. 2120 — Two furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA 1251— Three furnished, sunny
rooms with private family; no sign.
CALIFORNIA. 12S0— Desirable rooms for
housekeeping; will furnish to suit.
CALIFORNIA 1304^ — Sunny bay-window room
and kitchen connecting; complete; no chil-
dren; reasonable.
CAPP. 940. nr. 21th — 2 large front rooms and
kitchen. $lo; two rooms $12.
DEVISADERO. 1516 — front or baik rooms, fur-
nished, with or without hsekpg; reasonable.
EDDY, 1S29 — t sunny connecting rooms, newly
and handsomely furn. complete; absolutely
clean; fine garden and yard; rent $27. in- j
eluding all gas. . '
ELLIS. 1225 — Elegantly furnished sunny suite,
with kitchen: also single rm.; very reas.
FELL, 120 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms and double parlors; gas and phone. -
FOURTEENTH. 778 — Two handsome unfur-
nished rooms, light housekeeping; priv. family.
GEARY, 925 — Elegantly furn. sunny suite on
parlor floor; new carpets; piano; yard; reas.
GOUGH. 211 — Three sunny, corner, unfurnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; gas; bath; phone,
etc.; adults.
GOUGH, 663 — 3 sunny front rooms, regular
kitchen, priv. bath and laundry; reasonable;
1 also room for light housekeeping or 2 gents.
HAIGHT, 222 — Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms for couple; phone; references.
Call 1 to 4 and 7 to 9 p. m.
HAIGHT. 322 — Two newly furnished large sun-
1 -ny front rooms, housekeeping; rent $18.'
HAYES. 074—2 beautifully furnished sunny
bay-window housekeeping rooms, with con-
necting kitchen; runnlnc water.
HOWARD, 547 — Nice housekeeping* rooms; also
other rooma; from 75c up per week.
HOWARD, 737% — Nicely furnished front suite
j of j rooms; price only $4 60 per week.
HOWARD. S22 — 2 front suites housekeeping
rooms, $16 month; also single, $11 per month.
HOWARD, 1034 — Pleasant housekeeping rooms;
also tingle rooms for gentlemen.
HOWARD, 2000. nr. 18th— Two or three sunny
rooms; furnished for housekeeping; 'gas, hath.
JACKSON. 1220—2 or 3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. •
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Eunny. furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LANGTOX, 51 — Three sunny rooms for house-
keeping;; no children.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to. Its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
BUSINESS PEBSOSALS! T ~
JOHN OTIS CAMP — Money ready for you.
Write to WM. LLOYD, ' Freewater, Ore., or
JOHN W. GWILT, Oakland. Cal.
PALMISTRY. '~~
A-MME LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611. -
~~~ gATEirra. -:•-.-. ' .
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 632 Market st
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL^-Offlce and residence,
1021 V, Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women, i .
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market at. .
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb "doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st,
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st."
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell «t., tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
|'klM'»9Al,»,
DEPARTMENT or the Interior. U. S.- Ueologl- I
cal Survey. Washington, D. C. May 2«. 1004 .
— Sealed propcsuls. m duplicate, will be re- I
ctlved at the otrice or the United States I
Reclamation Service at Reno, Nevada, until
2 o'clock -p. m., July 15. 1D04, for the -con-
struction of about 37 miles or main distrib-
uting canals, involving about 1,500.000 cubic
yards of earthwork, with diverting" dam,
regulating gates, spillways, falls, weirs and"
bridges, for the diversion and conveyance of
about 18U0 cubic teet of water per second
lrom Carson River at a point about 4 miles
west of Leetvill*-. Nevada, to irrigable lands
I in Carson Sink Valley. Bids will be received
' o.i (A) excavation and embankment for one or
mors divisions or all the "work; (B) head-
works; (C) falls, spillways, weirs, lateral
headgates and pipe drains; D) highway-
bridges. Specifications, form of proposal
and particulars may be obtained after May
26. 1904, by application to L. H. Taylor,
Reno Nevada, and to the Chief Engineer of
the Reclamation Service. Washington. D. C,
at whose offices the plans may be inspected.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check for SICliO. payable to the Secretary of
the Interior, as a guarantee that the bidders
will, if successful, promptly execute a sat-
isfactory contract and furnish bond In the
sum of 20 per cent for the faithful perform-
ance of the wcrk. The right Is reserved to re-
ject any or all bids, to waive technical de-
fects, or to accept one part of a bid and re-
ject the other, as the Interest of the service
may require-. Proposals must be marked.
"Proposals for Distributing Canals, Truckee-
Car«on Project. Nevada." Bidders are in-
vited to be present. THOS. RYAN, Acting
Secretary. ;
san Francisco. Cai., June ss, 1904.—
Sealed proposals, " In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m.. July 13, 1904, and
then opened, for furnishing, during the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1905. forage and
straw for Alcatraz Island, Fort Baker,
Benicia Barracks. Fort Mason. Fort Mc-
Dowell. Fort Mlley. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco. San Francisco, San Francluco. Cal.,
for shipment to Honolulu, H. T.. and Depot
of Recruits and Casuals, Angel Island, Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids In whole or In part. Prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of prices and quality (Includ-
ing in the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to_the
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. All Information furnished on
applications to WILLIAM S. PATTEN. As-
sistant Quartermaster General, Chief Quar-
termapter.
SPECIAL AUTICSS.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of "520 Lake St., San Francisco,
has received the following half orphan girls
from January 1 to July 1. 1904: Margaret
Li Alexander,, 11 years 7 months; Reba Rob-
inson, 11 years 4 months; Juanlta Wals-
uorth, 10 years 5 months; May Walsworth,
$ years 11 months;- Vlcien Dunkle, 13 years;
Alleen Dunkle, 5 years 3 months; Doris
Dunkle, 3 years 10 months; Hazel B. Wells.
8 yeara / 7 months; Emelie Delange, 4 years 7
months; Maria Grunn, 7 years f> months;
Nellie Conoley. 0 years 4 months; Helen
Conoley. 5 years 11 months; Daphne M.
Reeves, 13 years; Evelyn I. Reeves, 10 years
7 months.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home. Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted Into the orphanage from Jan-
uary 1, 1904. to June 30. 1004, the following
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
Kirls. viz: Samuel Jacobs, aged 7 years 11
months; Sarah Stein, aged 3 years 8 months;
Ida May Wolf, aged S yeara 11 months;
Rosa Levin, aged 5 years; Louis Menzlnsky,
aged 10 years 3 months: Millie Goldstein,
aged 9 years 2 month*; LewU Freeman, aged
7 years: Abraham Freeman, aged 9 years:
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing orphan and haK-orphan girls and boys
have been admitted to the asylum on Halght
street from April 1. 1004. to July 1, 1904:
Nellie Armstrong. 12 years 9 months: Sarah
Ellen Johnson. 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell, 10 years; Lillian Postell, 12 years
10 months; Julia Hoppe, 8 years 6 months;
Frederick Johnson. 10 years ,8 months.
SUSAN RUSSELL SPOTTS, Secretary.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.- furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725- ,
7.31 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161. .
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2!>41; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fire Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F.W.Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage arid Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23S0 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
ft., tel. Main 1S40-. Shipping at cut rates.
SKW1>O MACHINES AND
DON'T BOTHER, BUY A NEW ONE.
Send us a postal and our agent will call and
trade for your old sewing machine; we have
a lot of slightly shop-worn Whites that we
ehall sell quick at 1-3 and IS- regular "prices;
this is the sewing machine bargain oppor-
tunity of a lifetime. White Sewing Machine
Co.. City offices. 300 Post «t. ; 1S41 Flllmore
Ft., and 703 Valencia et.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. J021 Market St.. near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed mi-
chines: slightly used; $10, $15. $20; second-
hand, $3. $5. $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1061 Market st.
ALL kinds sewing machine* repaired, rented;
low rates; needley, parts. 2244 Mission Bt.
DIVIDEND NOTICE*.
DIVIDEND Notice: Phoenix Savings. Build-
ing and Loan i Association— For the »1*
months ending June 20. 1904. dividends hav*
been declared on deposits tn the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum; on ordi-
nary savings accounts, at the rate of 4H
per cent per annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20. 1904. 1 The "Phoe-
nix" has a guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
s total paid In capital of $1,200,000. Its
board of directors are: A. A. Watkins, presi-
dent; Charles It. Bishop, vice president; S,'
Premiss Smith, treasurer; George C. Board-
man, director; Gavin McNab. director;
Charles E. Ladd. director. ' .
CLARENCE GRANGE. Secretary and Man-
aging Director. / ¦
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
. of San Francisco, at a regular meeting
of the board of directors of this bank, held
July 8. 1904, a dividend was declared for
the half-year ending June 30, 1904. at the
rate of . seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and af ter-the 16th Inst.; transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
tnst.. botfe days Inclusive.
. GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco. July B. 1904. .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building Society, fifth floor.
Mutual Savings Bank building, 703 Market
St., > opposite Third — For the half year end-
ing June 30. 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared. at the rate per annum of ten (10) per-
cent on. capital stock and participating cer-
tificates." free from taxes, payable cu and
after Friday/ July I. 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
' $30,000^-Howard «t.. near Sixth; 63 fe*t
frontage; stores and lodging-houses; rent $200
per month '
$14,000— Rent $125; improvements. 3-story
building. 2 flats of 5-6 rooms " and 4 new
stores; 77 foot frontage;- Gough st.. near
McAllister.
j $12,600— 3 flats on McAUlsUr st.. near La-
guna; lot 27:6x120 feet; cottage on rear street;
rents $112 60.
$S600— 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms; Sill* »t-,
near Laguna; rent $62 60; very low.
$8500 — Elegant residence. 7 rooms and por-
celain' bath; large basement, furnace, hard-
wood floors, stationary tubs, etc.; lot 124 toot
frontage on Stanyan St., near Belgrav*. ave. ;
mortgage of $6300 can remain; this la a per-
fect beauty; beautifully situated.
$S0O0— Fell st., near. Franklin; 27:6x120 feet;
3-story house; 2 cottages on rear street.
$8000 — 3 new fiats, 6 rooms and bath: elec-
tric lights; porcelain tubs, etc; rents $72 50;
Church st.
$7500 — Folsom st.. through to Clementina;
160 feet depth; Improvements old; rent $30;
positively the cheapest piece on the street.
$6250— Elegant 2-story high, cement base-
ment residence 10 rooms and bath; rented as 2
flats, $60 per inonth ; Brodcrlck st. -
$6000 — Clay St., near , Devlsadero; 2-atory
basement residence, containing 7 rooms and I
bath; rent $10.
$5250— Clementina St.. near Fifth; 3 flats
of 6-6-6 rooms; rent $50; could easily be In-
creased.
$3000— Liberty. St., 2 cottages; positive bar-
gain. ' . '
$1300— Cottage In the Mission; 4 rooms and
bath; large basement; stationary wash trays,
patent flush toilets brick foundation; rented
for $17 50 per month; terms, one-half cash.
A FEW MORE PICKUPS FOR THE FUTURE
IN BUILDING LOTS.
$7500 NW corner of Bu«»> St., not far from
Buchanan; 55 foot frontage.
$1400 — Precita ave., near Folsom st.
?350 each — 2 lots on 21st ave.. near A st.
$300 each — 2 lots on M st. near 13th ave.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market st.
REAL estate for sale by C. S. CAPP & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
Pine bet. Mason and Taylor: lot nearly 30
feet front; old improvements In good order and
permanent tenants; a bargain; should be Im-
proved.
California and Pierce; a corner lot with six
good houses: well rented: permanent tenants.
Golden Gate ave., bet. Pierce and Scott; lot
25x137:0; house of 10 rooms In flats.
Corbett road, near Ashbury; lot 25x100. with
a good pair of flats; 4 and 3 rooms and bath;
rents $24; a harealn.
McAllister, bet. Pierce and Scott: lo* 25x
137:6- anything built there will rent; first-
rate neighborhood; cneapest lot in the vicinity.
Sanchez, bet. 17th and 18th, west side; lot
50x100; wide street; street work done: for sale
at a barcain.
Florida, bet. 25th and 26th; lot 40x100; for
sale at a bargain.
Broadway and Polk, NE. cor.; lot 61:3x
101:6; improvements rented low to permanent
tenant*.
Post, bet. Octavia, and Laguna; lot 25:10x
90; fine lot fee fiats.
Berkeley — New home of 11 rooms and bath;
adjoining university grounds.
50 acres in heart of Mill Valley; finest site
•for a hotel; level land, with timber; handy to
railroad; In full view of Mount Tamalpals.
60x100— NORTHWEST corner Folsom. and ISth
gt». with new house 3 months old; 6 fine large
rooms; upstairs bath and toilet; all latest Im-
provements; fine large .basement.
2 nice fiats fronting on 16th St.; -always
rented; adjoining lot goes with it; 25x100;
gas, electricity and water connected.
Corner saloon doing- good business; goqd
stock liquors; from 1 to 3 years' insurance
and license go with it; good reasons given
for selling; perfect title; city title also.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no gTad-
In* to do; ready to build your llttla home
on; close to electric can and school.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. room 8.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callafhan bid.,
will build on. your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
FOR sale. $2050 — Bay window cottage. : five
rooms, bath, nicely furnlsned; large base-
ment; wash trays, etc.; will sell without
furniture; no agents. Apply to owner, 5755
..Twenty-third St., near Chattanooga.
CALL or send for list of city oroperty, also
•elected bargains In Berkeley. Oakland, Ala-
meda. ROTHEMEL & CO., 507 California.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
ALAMEDA ABYERTIS'MENTS
ALAUESA REAX. ESTATE.
E"OR sala — New cottage of 5 or more rooma;
call at 1534 Union et., Alameda.
$20C0 will build a modern 5-room cottage;
lot 35x155: $."00 cash; $25 per month.
.1. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA S7OEES TO LET.
FOR rent— 1247 Park st.; store suitable for
plumber, carpenter, blacksmith. wagon-
maker or painter. Apply to 1243 Park st.,
Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— GOOD 2-etory house, 6 rooms;, modern
conveniences; lot 40x135; street work com-
plete: $750 cash, balance $25 per month, in-
cluding principal and Interest at 8 per cent:
one block and a half from car: 5 minutes'
walk from station: situated at 2230 Ward
. st., near college and schools. .
MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley station.
CHICKEN ranch; 125 chickens, 2 cows and
calf; furniture for 4 rooms, $275; rent of
house, barn, pens, 2 acres, $12. See owner,
corner San Pablo and Delaware. West Berke-
ley.
THREE Berkeley cottage homes for sale; all
Improved. C. C. TRACY, 36 Geary Bt., r. 1.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE . REAL, ESTATE.
RENT or sale — 6-room cottage: lot 87x134: on.
Peralta ave.; running water: room for gar-
den or poultry: rent $14: sale price $1500;
cash or installments. MRS. M. D. HOFF-
MAN. Peralta' ave.. Fruitvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RE.tr, ESTATE.
$4250— REDUCED from $4600 for Immediate
pale; beautiful new 7-rocm, 2-story house:
bath laundry, 2 toilets, high basement; well
built and elegantly finished; gas and elec-
tricity; everything complete Inside and out;
cement curb, lawn and borders; choice lot,
50x125 feet: situated on Fifth ave.. East
Oakland; close to 3' electric car lines . and
only 2 blocks to new Key Route ferry line,
and only 10 minutes' walk from Clinton sta-
tion on S. P line; fine view of lake and hilly;
must be sold before August 1; terms, one-
third to one-half cash, balance mortgage if
desired. B. H. WELCH & CO.. Fifth ave.
and Eighteenth st.. Oakland.
$2750 BUYS a cottage at cost and that is
¦ worth $3500; 6 rooms, high basement, open
nicker plumbing, combination gas fixtures. 2
mantels, tinting and decorating, sideboard
built in dining-room; open lawn with palms
. and shrubbery, driveway: street work all
complete; near schools and business center
and Key Route ferry: only 27 minutes to 8an
J Francisco; terms. $300 . cash and $33 : per
month; owner will not rent, prefers to sell
on easy terms; positively a great bargain and
my instructions are to sell; call and see
place; to see It means to buy It. . •
¦ J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2850— NO AGENTS; NO COMMISSION; big
. bargain; buy direct from • owner; must be
sold; I mean business; cash or ea?y pay-
ments; centrally located. West St., near Nine-
teenth; first-class 2-story house and lot; 7
rooms, alcove, bath,. attic and cement base-
ment; rented low at $20 75 per month. In-
quire 1211 Adeline st., Oakland.
$3150 FOR a fine home; 7 rooms, bath; stable,
chicken-house, .; orchard, etc.;. lot 7JSxl50;
street worlc done. P.* C. LASS EN £ CO.,
466 Tenth at.. Oakland, Cal.
6-ROOM cottage; -lawn and barn; one min-
ute's walk from Golden Gate . station. Box
; 177B. Call office. - . : ,,V,
O A KLAKD J^y^^P^P^J^F*:^ -„? A . LS -
TO-MORROW th» | day for bargains In furnP
tux*. H.Scbelltsaae.llth st-.cor.store.Oaklaad.
HELP WAVTE1>— MALE— Continued*
\^^VBBJir~A READY. 634-638 CLATBT.
Phcne Main 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian.
Scaad!cav;an, Gr«ck, Spanish, Slavonian and
r>ar.i£h iaxcrusses.
lina We Gave 1904 We Hope to
«.\000 Men Wcrk. Increase 60,000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of United States Government
Work being done dose to Wadsworth,
In State of Nevada.
Free fare to one. to alL to jou.
Cofet oc!y $1 offire fee; see boss.
Muckers. I"5; tee bess.
l«±>orers, $75; see boss.
j*r"ii»erfc, tiWi cue oosis.
Concrete mixers, $75; see boa*.
Call early; tee representative at our office;
fi-st-c:ass food and accommodations; tieady
Jcta; crowds tcjng dally; are you?
6ANTA FE RAILROAD
Is good to us ; we are good to you.
1050 Miles. FLORENCE. $10 50.
ARIZONA-
Vla Prescott. 8 p in. Daily.
Drillers. $3 to $3 SO. Center
Teamsters. $2 to $2 60. ef
Laborers, $2 to $2 50. Great Mines.
Don't be «tiagy with your distance; get closer
to Los Angtles, the land of sunshine, fruit
and flowers, where men can work every day '
ait i k wagts.
655 Teamsters.
$60 Mentis for You.
Fare by Railroad — Only— $4 60.
Olfice Fee 51— That'a All.
COOKS. '
3 cocks, boarding hotel, f4'> and $*5 found.
4 <5:sh and pet washers. $25 and $30 found.
WAITERS.
2 waiters, commercial hotel, south, $30 fd.
2 waiters, fare $2, same p!ae*. $43 found.
Waiter, first-class city hotel, $35 found.
Waiter, S*»c fare, $3O and found.
Waiter, $1 75 fare. $S week and found.
3 waiters, city hotels. S. F.. $30 found.
Bedrr.aker. country hotel, $22 50 found,
lroner, $12 week; mangle hand. $10 week.
MECHANICAL.
2 wnoipuTlers. Washington St»te, fare p*-$75.
«*arpenter and cabinetmaker, stair building,
city. $4 50 day.
Painter, carriage*, wagons, fare $1 2O, $V> fd
Rhirjrle jointer, L. C, Sonoma County, $30,
J35 found.
Plasterer, mix mortar, city. $3 day.
Ircr-molder. fare $1, foundry. $3 to $3 60 day
' 4 plumbers. $4 day. country.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare ftOc, ?4 day.
LUMBER, ETC.
Oren teamster, fare $2 r>0, $50 and found.
Orafier. lumber company, north. $SO.
Tail eigerman. fare $.". $2 25 day.
Planer man and bookkeeper, lumber co.
<lar.g edgerman. lumber company.
Ppooltender. lumber co., south. 550 found.
. 12 coopers, slack work, steady. It*; barrel.
6 *ash and. door hands. $3 50 day.
2 Jurr.ber graders, boss here. $90.
1/amber grader, boss here. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, $40 found.
Oanc edgerman. L. Co.. $75.
8 men make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here, $50 found: 2 screw turners:
2 carriage setters; hook tender; 5 6hingle
packers.
155 Woodchoprjers.
.• 155 Tie 8n<i Ticket makers.
Tools, rirovip'prs. a!l fnund; good prices.
MINES.
R head miners, ouartx min* P. K.. $«2 50.
Pry to learn cabinet trade, city. $4 wfk.
Osri; f-hsre<->a! burners, lftc to 15c sack.
Man run s»7>aratT. 12 row?, boss h^-re. $35 M.
Laborer. <*o !itt!e butchering, mine. $32 50 fd.
FARMS— DAIRIES- STABLES.
T2 milkers. $.{0. S3S. $40 found.
12 fsrmhar'!?. $30 found.
14 ohnremen. boy*. $.10 to $15 found.
12 stablerren $20 found. $*W $75.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and teamsters. $2 »nd f2 25 day.
12 laborers for mines vou'Il suit $30 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. P'acr Co . $.V> fd
4 farmers an* wives, $40. $50. $00 frmnd.
Married farmer, no work for wife, $35 fd.
FOR A MINE.
. Chorman and wjf». German or French, $50
end found.
MURK AY & READY.
631-630 Clay Et.
AT MTDNI'-HT THEY
CAVE BY WIRE AND LETTER.
laborers. *ection ¦ R. R-. eawmill; you'll
do. SCO.
nan'.Fh farmer. W fare.
5 WATCHMEN. %">.
Oyster man. open, make salads. $10 week. M.
Boy to answer telephone. <-ity hotel. ?£0 14.
NVght portrr. «"ity wholesale hoU!>e. $+0.
Waiter arm wcrk. Fresno Cn . $4rt f«iund.
Cor.k. « men. ranch, far* $1 SO. $30 found.
Oy.k hotel, mine town, fare $2. $*0 to $15 fd
Cook's h<!;-er quartz mine. $30 found.
" WaiT^r. city. $40: bell boy. $10 fd: city jobs.
2 porters city, first-class h<n«-is, $23 found.
HAY BALERS.
• 16 hav baler* 15c ton.
MOLDERS' HELPERS.
12 r-K'.-jers' he'p^re, little exp.. $2 day.
1< shir-clTE. city and country $2 day.
Man run wor>d turning lathe. $3 day.
«_*rnss-cut Eawyer, fare $1, good wag»s.
3 fcri'-k wheelers. souJh. fare $3. %C~ 50.
MILKERS.
3 milkers together, $4O and found.
MT'RRAY & READY. C34-CSS Clay St.
ITALIAN? OR GREEKS.
U.5 LABORERS, new work, board yourselves.
SPANIARDS OR MEXICANS.
155 laborers, new work, board yourselves.
AUSTRIAN'S OR SLAVONIANS.
1W> laborer*, new work, hoard yourselves.
' SEE HEAD R. R. OFFICIAL. HE WILL
TALK AT OUR OFFICE.
MURRAY & READY. C54-GJ6 Clay st,
SS TEAMSTERS. $60.
T^ SAN ORANGE AND LOS ANGELES
BERNARDINO CO. LEMON GROVE,
K1VKHEIDE r-o.. REDLAXD. HIGHLAND,
POMONA. WORK YEAR ROUND.
SPECIAL RAILROAD FARE. *4 »».
MURRAY & READY. €34-636 Clay st.
TOGETHER.
t WAITERS, country commercial hotel, $.T> fd.
Porter, country, b., $1*1. side money. $2<> fd.
Be<i:r&k«>r. country, b. $16, side money, $22 50
arjd foun"!.
MURRAY «¦ READY. 6rM-C5»5 Clay st.
ASSISTANT machinist, run lath-.
2 o>mpres?rr men $!*O.
2 errjek tenders. $2 2r..
1 rock brecker man $2 2T.
. . n timbermen. $W.
'GENERAL MANAGER HERE.
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
2S miners. i^2 B6 to $»).
•5 tnachrne miners, $1*0.
2 heist engineers. $30 to $37 50.
2 firemen. $>s2 50.
2V-*"armen ar-i f-- hovel *?•». *75.
25 surface laborers. $T7 M).
1 blacksmith ar<1 tool sharpener, $105.
1 b!aeksrn!th> helper. $75.
CONCENTRATORS MILLMEN, LOTS OF
OTHER HELP.
SEE MANAGER
AT OUR OFFICE THAT'S BUSINESS
MURRAY & READY. CiCO CUy f-t.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Stcuart st.
PENSION Atty..E.A.Bu!lls. r.40. Phelan b'd*
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third 6t_. near Mar-
ket — 700 roonw: 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus end baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscription* received at
Call branch offioe. cor. Dunean & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* hs« been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. q
ALL elzes men's ehoe«. slightly damaged, half
price r.c: Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your hoe* half-«oled while waiting: 25c
to 50c 563 Mtetion St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AJCD WAGOXS. -
$'*J — BAY mare for sale; rood driver for lady
or rent: also good under saddle. Apply W»-
• terbury'a stable or L. J. MORAN. East
rurke Icy; no letters. .,.- 'V
CAY horse for sale; weight about 1150 lbs;
perfectly Bound and gentle ; 7 years old. Box
22S1. Call office.
$75— YOUNG brown mare, good Petaluxna cart
and harness. 1190 Sixty-seventh et., Oak-
lesa.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horse*, wagons,
surreys, burgles, carts and harness; at 1140
Ftslsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Co«ta
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. B^jP.
FOR BALE—A very stylish eaddle horse; «in-
glc-footer. Bex 3221, Call office.
NICE Jersey cr Durham cow for sale. 4028
Twenty-sixth »t.
CAMPING wagon and baker wagen, one top
buggy- "23 Noe st.
BUSINESS buggy for sals. Box 3233, CaU
clt ce.
WANT COLUriN OF THE CALL, BUT YOU HAY GAIN ONE
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE Con.
SAFES and eash"regTstirs7^Be^w~wnd~second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL.- 102m Market at
AWNINGS, tents, new, second-hand. SUN TENT
& AW T NING CO.. 42 Spear at.; tel. John 6486.
SAFES and desks; new and second-band; prices
right at Richardson Bros'.. 1816; Market et
EDISON Phonograph Agency, . Peter Bacl-
galupi, moved to 7S6 Mission st.
, ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third st.; teL Main 413.
BOMB good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO. y 807 Battery st.
MOVING plcti#es. magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
8AFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦ ¦ -
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BIG prices paid for old cold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal* card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
A— MORRIS gives hiEhest prices for ladles'
and gents' castoff clothing ;postal. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 823; 650 Sacramento st.
I TILTON wants good second-hand clothing snd
theatrical goods. 154 8th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
MOXKV TO LOAN.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate* second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided ' in-
terests in property purchased. -
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN '
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estatt or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office^
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
anyone; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453. Parrott bldg,
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
646 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamster*, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553' Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
ct. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
abeolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
nn commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
ouiet. confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and 'precious stones bought
at W. J. 10 tlxtk st.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton et.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, Indcrssd notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Mark«l
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employee. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid;.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Rank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & f>tanos; v $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMA1N. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 Vi PER cent on furniture and pianos: no com.
I , charged. ELFVINO. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
<n<W«er. MORFLL. 000 Kxamlrer huildlne.
)1().M;\ tVAA'i'KU.
| WANTED $700; security, aelect suburban lots;
interest 9 per cent. R." T., box 3270. Call.
j - . . — . . I
MUSICAL I.NSTUUMEXTS.
HUADQUAKTEKS for renting pianos, both
cew and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Oive us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and literal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes St.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlckerlng. Vose.
Stein >vay, Steck. Sterling. Curtaz. Neuman.
Erard. Haines and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O"FarreIl st.
AFTER the summer Is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rents $2 up, apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary
st.; Oakland, 1232 Broadway.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whitehead's s.torage.1636 Mkt.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
_ call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; 185.
STATHAM. 110, McAllister Et.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
__player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st. .
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ment?. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Checkering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keefte's, 2S5 O'Farrtll.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 915 — To rent for term of years, one-
half of htore-room; best retail location In
Han Francisco Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY, 300 Post st.
A— TO LET— 1304 Valencia St.; a neat store
with fixtures; good fcr email business.
A SUIT or overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
_LEMOS. 1127 Market «t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence 'treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods: correspondence solicited; strictly confl-
dential. Bex 3234. Call office.'
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
Ekin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured -by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele,
etc.;flratfily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co., 140 Geary, S.F.
I WILL send free book telling how to make $1
earn $10; larger amounts in proportion; send
no money. J. LAWRENCE. 112 Michigan
St., Chicago. • '¦ '• -¦¦.•• - • ¦
AT iess than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS", London
Tailor. 721 Markct^st, ...... ¦
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St., near Powell.
FRANK G. O'NEIL:. Send address, to H. E.,
box 2646. Call office; something Important.
BEST "white lead. 7c per pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER; 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Markefc
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton; 233 Geary, room 3S. (Weather Report.
A friend that you have to buy won't
be worth what you pay for him, no
matter what that may be.— Prentice.
This story is. being told of a certain
New York politician: He had suc
ceeded in securing for a friend of his
a place as tax assessor, at the cost of
considerable exertion. Not long after
the friend had begun work in his new
place the v politician was surprised and
grieved' to see that he was taxed un
der . "personal ' property" $24 as tne
possessor of one goat. He called on
his friend the assessor for an expla
nation, accusing him of ingratitude
and forgetfulness of favors received.
"But I /could do no less than obey
.tne specific ' details of the law," pro
tested his friend; - "look— here's what
it says," and he read from, his papers:
"For all property bounding or abut
ting on the highway, $12 per front
foot."— Harper's Weekly.
Acted According to law.
International Marriages.
It is no part of our purpose to decry
international marriages. Against the
detestable and sinister features of this
Incident we could easily set a dozen
unions which have been as happy as
the dearest friends and relatives could
wish. Gentlemen are the same — dif
fering, perhaps, as to details of cus
toms, ideas, standards and observ
ances, but nevertheless the same In all
essential things— whether we find them
in England, Germany, France, Italy or
Spain. The suggestion we wish to
make Is that wealthy Americans will
be wise to inquire ' Into the personal
character and repute of foreign suitors
much more anxiously* than Into the no
biliary titles they may parade. And
this relates especially to France, where
one may assume any title— from
Comte to Prince— which 'happens to
suit his fancy, without provoking the
smallest interference by the Govern
ment.—Washington Past. /
Without a tremor Mrs. Highmore
proceeded leisurely to open the black
bordered letter. >SV
"If there were any bad news," she
said, "it would have come by telegraph.
It must be that something has hap
pened to Mr. Hlghmore's rich cncle."—
Chicago Tribune.
The present railway sleeping car i3
ideally bad from a hygienic point of
view. The bedding material is tigthly
closed up during the day, from the
purifying effects of sunlight and fresh
air, and is of such a nature as to read-l
ily catch and retain, Infection. The up
holstery and decorations of the car are
perfect dust and germ collectors, and
the toilet appliances are of such a na
ture that a man with a "walking" ty
phoid fever might readily infect a num
ber of communities along the railway
line. The ordinary day coach, in its
decorations and lavatory, is open to
the same condemnation. Although at
tention has been repeatedly called to
these dangers by physicians, little has
yet been done to remedy them, or even
to regularly disinfect the cars. The
latter process has been used to some
extent on several roads, but there is
apparently no attempt to supersede
the extremely dangerous open hopper.—
New York Commercial.
New Sleeping Cars.
But he was drawn up in good time,
the bag was repaired and the leak
stopped.— London Sketch.
Then the captain stepped into the bag
and bv means of tackle he was drawn
under water, so* that he could see the
leak. The other end of the bag being
open and above water he had plenty of
air, and also an opportunity of commu
nicating with his men.
Two sleeves had been made and were
tightly bound at his wrists, so that he
could. work freely.
In" this way, looking at the leak
through the window in the bag, he
worked steadily while the ship was
hove to. The vessel rolled in a heavy
swell, and sometimes Captain Mattson
found himself from seven to ten! feet
below the waves.
At one time it seemed that the work
would cost the captain his life, as the
chafing of his feet against the vessel's
side wore a hole . in the bag, and the
water entered and covered him. .- v^V '¦':
Captain Mattson found that the leak
was getting worse, and he had a wind
mill rigged up to help the men. Even
this was found insufficient, bo he had
recourse to his ingenuity.
He constructed a great waterproof
canvas bag, sixteen feet^long, six feet
in circumference and two feet in diam
eter. This he keDt extended by means
of hoops. A 'window of glass was let
into the side five feet from the bottom.
All hands were kept at 'the pumps
day and night without intermission. As
the gale abated the vessel drove before
it into calmer seas.
Bound from Norway to Cape Town,
the Flora experienced terrific weather
in the bay of Biscay and was compelled
to lie for si* days. In ; the buffeting
she received she sprang a leak,
which let in the water at the rate of
six inches an hour.
Captain Iver Mattson of the Norwe
gian bark Flora, who has just brought
his vessel to South Africa, has invented
a novel and ingenious method of stop
ping a leak at sea, writes our Cape
Town correspondent.
Captain of a Norwegian Bark
Proves Kquul to the
Emergency.
XOVEIi WAY TO STOP
LKAK IN* SHFP'S SIDE
Sunday. July 10.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, OS hours from
Aictona. B C. and way ports
Stmr Corona. Glelow. IS hours from Eureka
Stmr Hawaiian. Delano. 60 days from New
lork, via Coronet 20 days.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 15 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvig, 18 hours from
Russian Gulch. /
Stmr Arctic. Nelson, 24 hours from Kureka
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. 8 days from Honolulu!
Stmr Fulton. Panzer. 48 hours from San
x euro.
Htnir Coquille River. Sanford,-42 hours from
Port 1.10s Angeles
Stmr Centralia. Erickson, 68 hours from
Oray.s Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers. .
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen. 24 hours from Eureka.
btmr Robert Dollar, Johnson,' 4 days from
Mukilteo. 0
Stmr Lakme, Christenaon. 46 hours from
San Pedro. (
Stmr Gipsy. Gray,' 18 hours from Monterey
and way ports. r S\^
Stmr Maggie, Coming. 8 hours from Half
moon Bay. ,
Stmr Bwaco, Lefflngwell, S hours from
Halfrnpon Bay. ¦ .^ ,
Stmr South Bay. Jamieson. 27 hours from
Eureka.
• Ship Marlon Chllcott, Williams 30 days
from Honolulu. ' |
Schr Borealis, Samuels, - 9 days from
' Everett.
Schr Mary E Russ, Inverson. 7 days from
Aberdeen.
SAILED.
Sunday. July 10.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay. .
.Stmr Bonita, Preble, San Pedro and way
ports.
Htmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego and
way ports.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnin, Westport.
Stmr F A KilDurn.. Thompson, Port Rodgers
Stmr Ilwaco, Ltfflngwell, Pigeon Point.
Ger stmr Totmes, Koehler. Seattle.
fctmr Montara. Rcllly. Seattle and Tacoma
• Stmr Whiteshoro Olnen Mendocino.
Ktmr Centennial. Strand Seattle
Br stmr M S Dollar, Gow, Port Townsend.
Stmr Centralia. Erickson, San Pedro. '
Stmr Fulton. Panzer .
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, Bollnas.
Schr Ida A* Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr Lyman D Foster, Killman, Port Town
send.
TELEGRAPHIC.
• POINT LOBOS. July 10, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west: velocity 10 miles per hour,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 10— Schr
Mary L. Cushing. from Port Townsend; Chil
bark Royal Sovereign, from Port Townsend ;
schr Mary E Foster, hence June 18.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 10— Stmr Bertha, for
Valdez. ' > ..
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrrlved July 10— Schr
Corona, from Payta; schr A M Baxter, from
San Pedro.
Sailed July 10— Schr Blakeley,. from Port
Blakeley. for west coast *• V
TATOOSH— Passed out 'July 10— Stmr Olym
pic, from Belllnghom. for San Francisco.
Passed out Jul/ 10 — Bktn Makaweli from
Tacoma. for San Diego.
'¦POINT LOBOS— Passed south July. 10. 12 m
— Stmr Coronado, from Grays Harbor, for San
Pedro. ¦
Passed south July 10 7 p m — Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka for Sari Pedro
SEATTLE— Sailed July 9— Stmr Humboldt.
for Skagway. • .^— -¦
¦_ TACOMA— Arrived July 10— Stmr Edith,
hence July 5. . /
Sailed July 10— Stmr Mlneola. for Petro
paulovski.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 10— Stmr
PrentlnH, hence July 6 ~
¦ SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 10— Stmr
State of California, for San Francisco; stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Franclseo.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 10— Stmrs Arcata
and Breakwater, for San Francisco
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 10 — Schr iArgus.
from Port Blakeley; schr "Bertie Minor, from.
Eureka: stmr Iaqua; from ¦ .
BANDON— Sailed July 10— Schr Advance,
for San Francisco. • ¦-
ASTORIA— Sailed* July 10— Stmr- Francis
H Leggett. for San Francisco, with log 1 raft
in tow. •¦:•><:
ISLAND PORT,
HONOLULU— Sailed July 10— Bark Mohi
can, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS. 1
, VICTORIA b C— Sailed July 10— Br stmr
Calchas. for Hongkong. ' .
OCEAN J STEAMERS.
85 LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 9— Stmr: Bovie.
from New York; stmr Sicilian, from Mon
treal, for Glasgow ' -
¦-. - LONDON— galled July 9— Stmr Mesaba. for
New York.*- -. .. --:¦.- ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - ¦¦ ~~^-.-.^.-
HAMBURG— Sailed July 10— Stmr. Bulgaria,
for New York, and Baltimore.
;*| SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 10— Stmr
Frlederlch der Grosse, from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
AIIRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 11
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael.. July II
Arcata Coos Bay &' Pt Orford. July 11
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. July 11
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pu. July It
Hiyal 'Grays Harbor July 11
Breakwater... Coos Bay July 12
Luxor Seattle July 12
Chico Portland & Astoria July 12
Aurelia San Pedro July 12
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. July 12
Alameda Honolulu July 12
Argo '. ... E»l River Ports July 12
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. July 13
S. Monica San Pedro July 13
Pomona Humboldt July 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 13
North Fork... Humboldt July 13
Chehalis San Pedro July 14
Peru New York via Panama. July 14
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma July 14
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena July 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July 14
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. July 15
Mongolia China & Japan July 15
TJmatilla Puget Sound Ports July 15
Sequoia Wiilapa Harbor July 17
O. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor July 17
Newburg Grays Harbor July 18
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor July 18
Costa Rica. ... Portland 6c Astoria July 18
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... July 18
A. Maru China & Jaoan July 18
Queen Puget Sound Ports. ... July 20
' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
July Hi I f
Acapulco. .. N. Y via Panama. 112 miPier 40
Elizabeth... Coqullle River .... 5 pmlPler 20
Costa Rica. Astoria & Portlandjll amlPier 24
July 12. I I
Rainier Seattle & Belllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Kor«a China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt , 9 am Pier 13
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Jnly 13. ,
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier/ 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
July 14. I (
St. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pmjPier 20
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier %
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro At. Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 15. I I
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30plPler 9
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pmlPler 2
Luxor...... Hamburg & Way. 12 mjPier 19
Jnly 16. ||
Kedondo.... Astoria & Portland|......|Pler —
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmlPler 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pmjPier 20
Gaelic...... China & Japan.... 12 mlPler 4u
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pmlPler lft
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 11 'am Pier 7
Bartacouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
July 18, I I
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pmlPler 20
July 19. [ j
Umatilla../ Puget Sound Portg.lll am|Plcr 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Destination. J Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports.Uuly 12
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. | July 13
Santa Clara. . •) Valdez &¦ Scward IJuly 14
City Seattle..' Skagway & Way Ports. July 15
Tamplco Nome & St. Michael.. July 15
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July l«
Dlrlgo Skapway & Way Ports. July la
Santa-Ana. ... Valdez & Way Ports.. July 16
Oregon Nome & St, Michael. .. July 18
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast [ and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. -
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 26
minutes later than at Fort Point; the .height '
of tide la the earn e at ' both places,
MONDAY, JULY 11. ~~.
Sun rises ...'..........;.......•..... # .4 .55
Sun rets ;. ¦-¦ **7-34
Moon Irises ., .3:24* a. m.
O iTimel iTimel Time Time i
5 I 1 Ft. f PL Ft. Pt."
g |LW| (hw| L W H wf
" 8:67—0.7 11:02 4.4 3:33 2.7 9:40 6 0
12 4:42—1.2 11:48 4.6 4:24 2.7 10 : 30 61
13 5:25—1.4 12:33 4.8 5:13 2.7 11:19 60
14 6:09—1.2 1:13 4.9 6:08 2.6^
HW LW -.¦¦•¦¦- H.W -¦¦ L W """
15 0:10 5.7 6:54—0.7 1:56 5.2 7:02 '24
16 .1:09 5.3 7:40—0.3 2:37 5.3 8C •>*
17 2:08 4.9 8:26 ; 0.3 3:22 ,5.4 9:12 2.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides' are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day la the order of occurrence as to time; the
Thorna* Hancock (owner) with Adolf Hen
nlng« (contractor), architect August Nordin—
AH work except shades and gaa fixtures for a
one-rtory frame building on lot on 8 line of
C. G. and Frances Saxe (owners) with Wil
liam Plant (contractor), architect owner — All
work except mantels, gas fixtures, tillnir
shades, electric bells and finished hardware
for a two-story frame (fiats) on lot on E line
of Homestead etreet, 110 S of Twenty-fourth,
S -!o by E 125; $4755
Jane Roberts and James McDonald (owners)
with L. T. Fenn (contractor and architect)
Concrete, carpentry, plastering and painting
for a five-room cottage on lot on E line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 150 S of I street; $1050
Francis and J. R. Rochford (owners) with
George J. Doering (contractor), .archi
tect—All work for a. three-6tory frame build
ing (three flats) on lot on B line of Guerrero
street, 100 H of Twenty-third, S 25 by B 100;
3f 7IS8.
Antonio Anzalone (owner) with C. H. GUh
and James H. Howe as Our Home Building
Company (contractors), . architect— All
work for a one-story frame building on lot
30«, gift map 3; $1300.
John W; Uarney to Cherles S. Barney, lot
on S line of Army street, 70 XV of Condon XV
60, S to Peralta, E CO. N to beginning; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
I George H. Goodell to Mary E. Goodell, lot on
S line of Ocean House road. n2:10'£ XV of
Worth street, W list, S 10 E HJ.10, N 76.4.
lMs 2 and 3, block 5, Noe Garden Homestead;
$10. - '
William and Ada Havard and John V and
Ida M. Lewis to William and Emma J. Lange
lot on SE line of Prospect street. 125 SW of
EsmeraWa. SW 25 by SE 70. lot 297^ gift
map 3; $10. /
John W r . and Charles S. Barney (trustees)
and Al Barney to James L. Torbert, lot on
S line of Army etreet, ICO E of York, S to
Pfralta E CO, N to Army, XV 0.1:6; $10
Jacob and Bertha G. Weiesbein to John and
Annie L._ McGreevy. lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street, 150:10 E of Douglas?. E 25:1U by
K 114; *1O.
Joseph P. Hayes and Elizabeth O'Brien fwife
of John J.) to Johanna Hayes or Johanna L.
Kennedy, lot on W line of Twenty-second ave
nue, 225 S of Lake street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Union Truyt Company 1 corporation) to Fred
erick F and Susan S . Fahs. lot on W line of
Tv.-cnty- seventh avenue, 160 N of California
Btrett, N 2o by W.120; $10.
John W. and Mary V. Ruggles to Otta L.
Nlcoll. lot on K line of Fourth avenue, 100 S
of California <Deeth) street, S 50 by E 120;
$10.
Bay District Land Company to Thekla T
Martin and Catherine R. Selcck. lot on W
line of Third avenue, 2C0 N of A street, N 25
by W 120; $10.
E. Roseland to Mathilde Johnsson, lot on
\V line of Fifth avenue, 84 S of C street, S
25.3S by W 95; $10. 4
Jacob and Lena Heyman to Edward F Ring,
lot on E line or Forty-third avenue 125 S of
U street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
S. Ducas Company to George Ryan lot on
SE line of Peralta street 29:19$ NE of But
ler avenue, NE 20.1?;. S HO. 11%. W 25, N
76.0%. lot 1 to 3, block 8. Franconia; $10.
Charles Wadell to Nellsine H. Wadeli. lot
on SW line of Francis street. 475 NW of Mls
eion. N"W 25 by SW 150 Female Academy;
gift. --^
Klisab^th Culien or Cullan (trustee) and Mary
Dalton to James F. and Henrietta G. Mackey,
lot on N line of Clinton Park, 215 E of Guer
rero ptrec-t, B 25 by N 75; $1900.
James F. and Henrietta G. Mackey to Clara
J. Smith. Fame; ?10.
Margaret A. Leonard to George C. Kemp, lot
on S line of Hill street, 254:6 W of Church, \V
25 by S 114; $10.
R. P. M. and Hefter A. Greeley to same,
lot on N linp of Twenty-peoond street, 254:6 \V"
of Church, W 25:o',i by N 114: $10.
Noemic Sornin to Annie Molloy, lot on W
line of Church street, 100 N of Fifteenth N 25
by W 110: $10.
R. J. Grat to Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, lot on NW line of Market street iilO
XE of Noe. NE b'\ NW 115, N 7:7,' W 75. SE
169:SH. quitclaim dt*d; JJ.
John Center to John 1. Sparrow, lot on XV
line of York street, 27 S of Twentieth. S50 by
W 100; $10.
Eugene and Mary E. McCarthy to Annie
Conlan. lot on W line of Harrison street, 125 S
of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 112 :C; $10.
Hibernfa Savings and Loan Society to Paul
and Fannie Schaefer, lot on N line of Twenty
ninth street, 2:JO W of Noc. W z5 by N in;
$475.
Same to Charles ad Grace Schaefer, lot on N
line of Twr-nty-nlnth street, 255 W of Noe, W
25 by N 114; $4JT5.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
Eisenberg. lot on W line of Buchanan street,
$•5 B of Gtary. S 29 by W 137 :C; $ .
Agnes R., Annie E., Emma C. and Minnio
G. Fowler to William H. and Agnes M. Sex
ton, lot en S line of Halght street, 50 \V of De
visadero. \V 25 by £ 110: $10.
SATURDAY, JULY 9
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The unfotunate' young man was im
mediately conveyed to the Park Emer
gency Hospital, and James and Harry
Delcasso, members of the Sexton par
ty, were later placed under arrest
pending an investigation of the affair.
A young man named Van Issendorf,
living at Page and Lyon streets, was
badly beaten and struck on the head
by a rock.
According to a report made to Po
lice Sergeant Gamble by witnesses.
Van Issendorf, after being beaten,
drew a revolver and fired five shots
into the crowd. One of the bullets
struck Sexton in the abdomen and he
sank to the ground with what is be
lieved to be a mortal wound. Van
Issendorf was arrested and admitted
tiring several shots.
R. Pe,rcy Sexton, a clerk in the store
department of the Southern Pacific
Company, was shot and probably fat
ally wounded, shortly after midnight,
at Page and Lyon streets, during a
fiee-for-all fight In which seven or
eight young men were engaged.
In company with a number of
friends, Sexton had been at the ocean
beach during the evening and returned
quite late. While coming in on the
car words passed between another
party of young men and the friends of
Sexton. Ail had been drinking. When
the terminus of the road was reached
the words led to blows and an incipi
ent riot followed.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occur*. The heights given are In
addition to the Roundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus t )
*!gn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SAN DIEGO, July 10.— The Sheriff's
office in this city to-day received a tele
gram from Archie Priest, the constable
at Imperial, saying:
"Man murdered, here to-day noon.
Murderer caught. Lynching threatened.
Wire instructions."
The Sheriff in reply telegraphed:
"Will be down on first train. Hold the
prisoner." !
Coroner Morgan in this city received
a telegram from a physician in Impe
rial saying that a murder had been
committed and urging the Coioner to
come. Nothing further about the af
fair has been learned here.
E. ¦ Percy Seiton Receives
Bnllet in Abdomen as a
Result af a Street Row
Sheriff's Office Receives Ee
port of Murtter and Threat
of Lynching at Imperial
Tony V&Mlsky was brought to the Harbor
Hospital yesterday badly cut en the wrist and
forsarm. He was passing along Broadway
near Dramm stieet when a woman called him
"a Jap." Being a native of Chile, though as
dark and swarthy as a subject of the Mikado,
he resented the Imputation anj slapped her
face. Sine returned the blow with a knife.
Two deep cuts on his arm were the result.
A large band of Jersey corws were landed
from the cars and driven to the Presidio yes
terday. They are destined for Manila and will
be sent to that port by the transport Dixie.
Movements of Steamers.
Water Front Xotes,
FATALLY SHOT
DURING FIGHT
GRIM TRAGEDY
STIRS A MOB
RENO, July 10. — The Nevada. Cali
fornia and Oregon Railroad will be
gin construction of its line from Made
line to Alturas in Modoc County early
next spring. Orders for the rails have
just been placed. The extension will
open up one of the riches fruit and
farming sections in Modoc and Lassen
counties and will throw much land
open to settlement
Plans Arc Under Way to Extend Xe
vada, California and Oregon
2icxt Spring.
MODOC COUNTY SOON*
TO HAVE A RAILROAD
The Gutta Percha Supply.
The last source of gutta percha de
veloped is thatjjn th* Philippine Isl
ands, but there the regions which pro
duce this material for the market are
confined to the Islands of Mindanao and
Tawi-Tawi. The method of harvesting
used at present by the natives consists
In cutting down the large trees, ringing
the trunk, lopping off the larger
branches and then catching the milk as
it flows out. This is very wasteful, as
but a small part of the milk Is secured.
Fortunately, however, this process pays
only with large trees, so that the small
er ones are not destroyed. This method
of harvesting has been prohibited and
rules provided for tapping the trees,
but these have never been enforced. At
the present time the gutta percha trees
have disappeared from the coast re
gions and are along the large rivers.
The various governments with trop
ical possessions in the East are study
ing the gutta percha and rubber situ
ation, with a view of determining
proper methods of propagation and har
vesting.—Electrical Review.
CL20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 10—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
- g s - £ -
3 |g 33 & Zl «
STATIONS. Z S§«= 5§ 5? ?
•¦-.:'#• i «* • ©
eel ¦ ' 3
• : ; ¦ ¦• '< - pf a - a • •
I • " • '. '
Baker 29.98 «4 R2 NW Pt.Cldy .<*>
Carson 28.8S R2 52 SW Clear .10
Kureka GO. 12 34 82 W Cloudy .08
Fresno :».9<> 94 54 SW Clear .<•">
S.E. Farallon.C.rt.07 6<> M NW Clear .CO
Flagstaff £?»>»> ,N4 44 W Clear .f>9
Pocatello 29.00 no S2 SB Clear .00
Independence W> ...
Ikjs Anseles. . .2H.n* 8*5 5rt SW Cl«-ar .00
Mt Tama ] pal a.. ".n.rs »;;; }> m^v Clt-ar .«>
North Heaci...:a».ijt; »r» r,^ \v Pt.Cldy -trt
Phwnlx t,f>.7« las 74 W Cl»-ar .OO
Vt Reyes Z*..r.O.nt «4 52 NW Clear .00
Portland 2!>.S.S 92 «2 NW Clear .CO
Ked Bluff 20.90 tK> Cl SE Clear .«T
Ro3eburg 2!>.00 88 K E Cloudy .«;•>
Sacramento ..29. OS "s 51 SW Clear ,00
Salt I^»ke SK&X 02 .. SK Clear ,«1
San Krancisco.oO.f S f£ r>4 W Clear 'O
San L, Cbispo.."i>.04 R8 46 IV . Clear .CO
Sao Diego :IO.'.K> 7fi 62 NW C!«»ar . .HO
Seattle 2».!>H SS 60 NW Clear .Co
SSpckane 20.SS J»4 60 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatocsh :.T>.0O T>S T.Z SW Clear ".CO
"Walla Walla.. 25».8<> !>S 70 S Clear .W*
¦ "Winnemucca. .20.00 Sfl 5ft W C!*ar .•*>
Tuma 29.76 IOC 74 SW Clear .CO
, "WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GEXERAI*
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails alone th« coast
¦ from Cape Mendorino to the Columh'a River
and In Western Oregon : elsewhere west of th*
( Rocky Mountains It Is fair. A thunderstorm
; Is reported from Roseburs.
The pressure has risen along the coast and
fallen slightly over Washington.
Th« temperatlve has risen slowly over th<»
Pacific slope. In the Interior cf California tt
Is ("lightly ti«-!ow normal.
Forecast nada at San Francisco for thirty
hours endln? midnight. July 11:
Northern California— Fair McrnSay: llsht
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday: l'eht
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday:
fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSOX. Local Forec*»t«r.
"Besides, this man has agreed to go
where his family now resides, Virginia,
and not again reside in Kentucky. His
wife has died since he has been con
fined and left to him two little children
that need his care and attention. Be
lieving this man, who is yet a young
man, if spared fr6m the ravages of
Bright's disease, may yet make a use
ful citizen, I do my part toward re
deeming him, pardon him of the crime
for which he stands convicted and all
charges growing out of said feud and
the killing of Altfalr McCoy. Tolbert
McCoy, Farmer McCoy. Randolph Mc-
Coy Jr. and Coleman McCoy."
The McCoys joined In the petition
asking for the pardon of their old foe.
They claimed, with his kinsmen, that
he was not a member of, the Hatfield
party in the midnight August raid in
188S, in • which many McCoys — men.
women and children — were shot to
death and others cruelly wounded.
Both said he was miles away, sick in
bed. On the petition for a pardon the
Acting Governor wrote the following:
"The McCoy and Hatfleld people,
parties to this feud, after twenty-six
years, desire peace. Both sides of the
old feud are anxious to cross out all
old scores and settle their differences,
and every law abiding man should be
only too glad to render whatever as
sistance he can to bring these results
about.
FRANKFORT, Ky., June 10.— Giving
as one of the reasons that the Hatnelds
and the McCoys, the famous Kentucky
£nd West Virginia feudists. are now at
peace and anxious to forget old scores.
Acting Governor Thome last night
pardoned Johnson Hatfleld. one^ of the
survivors of the deadly mountaineer
vendetta. » Hatfleld had served four
years of a life sentence for the killing
of a McCoy. He was granted clemency
tor all his crimes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The visit creates no little adverse edi
torial comment, its object being held
to be a mystery which, the Daily Mail
declares, is only explained by the anxi
ety of the German officers to see the
mobilizing of the British fleet, which is
now preparing for the maneuvers.
PLYMOUTH. England, July 11.—
Thousands of persons witnessed the ar
rival in Plymouth to-day of the most
powerful German fleet ever seen in
British waters. Eight battleships and
seven cruisers steamed into the naval
basin on a visit of courtesy amid deaf
ening salutes, and the British and Ger
man admirals exchanged visits. The
courtesies wjll be kept up until July 13.
when the Germans will depart.
Owing to a wish expressed to King
Edward, the Germans will receive no
formal public welcome, and the cere
monies will be confined to naval honors
and an Informal luncheon by the Mayor
of Plymouth.
LONDON, July 11.— The arrival of the
German squadron at Plymouth has cre
ated an excellent impression here. The
Daily Mail's naval expert, who is one
of the best specialists in his line in
England, says the squadron Is "incon
testabaly superior In fighting qualities
to the British home or channel fleet, as
now constituted."
The ship Celtic Monarch, another
overdue, 213 days out from London and
bound for Puget Sound, was apoken on
April 4. She was in latitude 54 24. de
grees south and longitude 47 14 degrees
west. This position places her In the
South Atlantic well to the eastward of
Patagonia.
Among the overdues are the ship
Wanderer, now out ISO days from
Antwerp, and the Routenburn, from
Newcastle, Australia, 206 days out, both
bound for this port. The French bark
General de Boisdeffre, .sister bark to the
Montebello and bound for« San Fran
cisco, is out 160 days from Swansea,
but she probably found the same light
and head winds the Montebello did and
is delayed thereby. This also may ac
count- for the slow voyage of the
French ship Vauban, now 138 days from
Swansea,
In this age of steam, of electricity
and of bo many new methods of me
chanical force and propulsion the /utter
unreliability of sail power on a ship
becomes more apparent every day.
"As variable as the wind" is a saying
old and worn with constant use, but It
is true, however trite. The Montebello,
which slipped into port late Saturday
night, demonstrates this fact. She is a
big'salling ship and left Swansea, Eng
land, 182 days ago for San Francisco.
Her log reads light and head winds,
and she came into port about fifty days
behind time. So slow was she in her
coming that her owners put 15 per cent
reinsurance on her probable loss, and
if she had remained out of sight forty
eight hours longer the rate would haVe
been advanced to 20 per cent. As it is,
she has cost her owners a pretty sum
because the breezes would not blow
when and where she needed them.
On the other hand, the steamer Ha
waiian, which arrived yesterday morn
ing, left New York sixty-one days ago.
She came through the straits of Magel->
Ian, hardly .varying in her daily speed
as the propellers drove her ahead. The
Hawaiian is one of the large freighters
of this port, being 425 feet long, 52&.
feet beam and 28 feet in depth. She is
commanded by Captain C. W. Delano
and is of 3700 tons register.
Noerling, full of the notion that
some of the frequenters of his store
were paying too much attention to his
wife, j became insanely jealous. .The
family .lived in a tworstorv frame
dwelling in the rear of the store.
It was nearly midnight when he
reached home Saturday night and he
began abusing her. He flourished a re
volver In his wife's face and told her he
was going to kill her, the children and
himself and end his troubles.
Mrs. Noerling and the children at
tempted to make their escape past him
on the stoop, but Noerling intercepted
her and as she faced him he fired at
her. The bullet struck her just over
the right eye but she did not fall.
Noerling fired again, the bullet passing
through her right hand, and she fell
to the ground. Thinking that he
had killed his wife, Noerling fired two
shots at his children, and then barri
cading himself in his room, he sent a
bullet through his own brain.
NEW 'YORK, July 10.— Upon rally
ing at the hospital to-day after the
surgeons had dressed her wounds.
Mrs. Susan -Noerling, when informed
that William Noerling, her husband,
who had shot her twice and then
turned the revolver on himself at their
home in Brooklyn, was dead, with
brightened face smilingly, declared
that she was "glad of it." Noerling,
who was 35 years old, shot his "wife in
the presence of the.ir nve children
shortly after 2 o'clo'ck this morning
while in a jealous r5ge. Previously he
had beaten her with a wooden medi
cine chest, gashing her scalp. He
struck his son Peter, 13 years old, in
the reouth when he attempted to in
tercede in his mother's behalf.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The McCoys Join in the Pe
tition for the Belease of
Their Old - Time Enemy
Believe Kaiser's Officers Are
Merely Spying Upon Naval
Forces of King Edward
Fired Two Shots at Spouse,
v Tried to Slay Children
and Then Killed Himself
Celtic Monarch Spoken in
the South Atlantic— Other
Ships Delayed at Sea
DECEASED WAS JEALOUS
CLANS ABE AT PEACE
BKITONS NOT PLEASED
STEAMER HAWAIIAN IN
Smiles When Informed of
1 Death of Man Who Had At
tempted to Murder Her
Acting Governor of Ken
tucky Grants a Eull Par
don to Johnson Hatfield
Eight Battleships and Seven
Cruisers Put Into the
;* Harbor'.' of Plymouth
OVERDUE BARK
REACHES PORT
Light and Head Winds Make
the Montebello's Voyage
Over Fifty Days Too Long
FAMOUS FEUD
CHIEF FREED
HUSBAND DIES;
WIFE IS GLAD
GERMAN FLEET
VISITS ENGLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, - ' jfoy- 11 , 1904.
10
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, and Uafnrn.
CATTED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market^-U»
rooms, S5c to U night. $1 75 to (6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water la every
room: elovator. read. -room; fre* bus; baggage,
VAN NESS. 1314, b*t. Butter and Bush— An
exceptionally desirable sunny front alcove;
also eingle room; private; references.
•WILLOW ave., 14, off Laxkln st. near Eddy—
2 rooms for gentlemen; larg* front room.
$8; small room. $8.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Sd «t. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to Jl GO BlStat; J2 to $3 week; elevator;
«lec lights; reading-room: free bus; baggaga.
WOLF Hcus*. 2C2 Sixth st.— Rooms from 160
to II per night and from COc to >5 per week.
BOOMS A3S XO&BD.
HOTEX BALTniOBJB.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEI*. BEAUTI.
FTJLLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
KER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR-
OUGHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS.
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY. I
APPLY TO MKS. E. WINDELE. MANZ^EB.
DOtORDB, 1009 — Sunny rooms and pood herns
cocking 1 ; piano, bath. Phons 3638 Blue.
EDDY, 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Nicely fur-
eunsy rooms; table board; reas.; new mar.g't.
FOLSOM. 2612 — Large sunny front room, with
food board, $10 per week for two.
FRANKLIN, 80S — Elegant private home, new-
!y (urn. sunny front rooms, suites or single ;
choice, central; modern; first-class table.
Telephone Polk 2u"6.
HOTEL REPELIKR. 7S1 Sutter — Suites, with
t*>sr.1 for two, $50 per month up: single, with
board. $25 up; also rooms without board.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board and room.
eingle or double, $5-J8 wk. ; American family.
LARKIN, 11*34 — Furnished room and board In
rrhxte farr.:!y where there is some sociabil-
ity: te]«Tho;i* Hyde 081.
TTTRK. S22 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms and
Rood board; reasonable.
PINE. 109S — Xicely furn. suit?*, single rooms;
exceBcBt table; private: phone Polk 3001.
VALENCIA. 036— Sur.ny rooms; running water;
good beard: couple or single.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
807 California — See rooms.!earn prices, try table
TiKPIRABLE room and board for two; private;
15 mln. to Kearny and Market. 409 Steiner.
ROOMS A\D BOAHD WASTED.
YOUN'G man wishes table board In private I
family npar Fourth and Howard ets.; state 1
price. Box 1S»00. Call office. j
A'-'COMMODATION for miss engaged during '
day; vicinity terminal Pacifle-avo. cars; good
r-ferrnce required. Box B. 300 Hayes at.
ROOMS WASTED.
¦WANTED — 2 or 8 unfurnished rooms suttabl*
f»>r housekeeping; rent reasonable. Box 1S4S,
'all office. .
STtrTTERIXO JLXD STAMMGK1XO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness & Market,
is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In U. S.: private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
TTPEWKITEES ASS SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Fmtth Prttnier, $25; other typewriters at
l-'.pher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriting Exchange, S36 California «t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VIA VX.
MOTHERS' snd daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free: correspondence invited.
VI AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
EiEIHS— MARBIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be infc?rted. They must be handed
in at either of thr publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
?¦jiis authorized to have the Bam* published.
Slottoes restricted simrlj* to the announcement
«>f the event are published once in this column .
Ire'? cf charge.
___
CRANE— In Oakland. June 29. 1304. to the
wife of DrnnLs F. Crane, a son.
l.IND— In this city. July H>, 1904. to the wife
of Vaughan Llnd, a daughter
MARRIED.
L1NKLATKK— MULHARE— In this city. July
>\. K«.>4. by the Rev. Father Grant. Phinfas
Arthur Lintlater and Mary F. Mulhare both i
of this city.
DIED.
Amerry, John I^obb. Neville R.
B^han. Miriiae] Matthew. George
BorFi. Krznk I*. McRowen Grace
rtrois.' John Nolrs. Elvira A.
• Campbell. Margaret 'tlston. Ben
Carroll. Patrick O'Neil Msr>'
<*umm:rur, Findlay Salcido. Frank
Deapaey, John A. Shannon. Bridget
Uxayot. Frank St*pli«>r:s Mary Ann
Hart. Catherine L. Williams. Lizzie
Hickry. Kate
ANVERRT— In th? City and County Hospital.
July 9. 19<h. John Anverry, a native of
lYancr. aged (u years.
BEHAN— In this city, July 9, JJKt4, Michael
Bphan. a natiie ot Kildare. Ireland aged
SS y^ars.
CiTKrlends and acquaintances are re«p«H:t- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day !
• Mondavi.- at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
3«racs McMcnomry & Kon. 1057 Mission :
t-rreet. -jpposite new Postofficp. thence t3 |
St. Patrirk'p Church for cervices, coin- [
mencinsr at ! :C0 o'clock. Interment Holy I
Cross Onwery. j
BORSI — In San L*>andro. July 9 1904, Frank I
Phillip Borfci. father of Frank. Iyouls and '
Mary Borsi. a native of Italy, aged 51 years I
- months and p day5. " j
C?"Fri<--nd« and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday, j
July 11. at V a. m.. from St. Leander's
Church. Interment San Lcandro Catholic
C«metery.
ERE1G— In Han I>orenzo, Julv 9 ]JKH John
Hr^-ig. brlovod father of Theresa Breig and
Mis. nduard Ro^niPr. a native of Germany,
agp'i C7 years 4 months and « days.
CAMPBELL— In this city. July, 10 1004 Mar-
paiet. beloved wife of the late William
Campbell, and loving mother of William J i
Margaret L.. Elsie E.. Roland and Bernard '
Campbell, and n'.n<T of Mrs. J. Fisher, lire.
M. Gibson at Chicago John Donavan of
j'ortland. <«-«».. and the late Mrs. Kllen Har- j
rigan. a native of County Cork, Ireland, i
used 4S years and 4 months. (Chicago and j
Portland. <"<re., papers please copy.) '
CXFrir-nd* snd acquaintances are respect- j
. fully invited to attend the funeral Wcdncs- I
day. Ju!y VX. at 1 X:30 o'clock, from her !at<» \
residence, 22 Uunl place, off First street, I
between FolKom and Harrison, thence to '
St. Brendau's Church, where a r/^quifm high j
mass ulll be celebrated for the repose of!
her »ioul. cemmencing at 0 o'clock. Inter- I
merit Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, July 8. 1904, Patrick
Carroll., a native cf County Kerry, Ireland
ajrfd SO years.
CTThe funeral will take place Monday,
July 11, at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, corner of First and Bryant street*,
ihenc-e 10 the Chapel of the Passion at- I
tanned to the hospital, where a solemn re- I
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his eoul. commencing- at 9 o'clock. li>
- urr.jcnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
Cl'MMING — In Alameda July 9 1904. Findlay !
Hunter Cumming. beloved Eon "of Findiay and !
the late Kate Cumming. and brother of
ISllie. Grace. William and Howard Cum- I
inins. a native of Alameda, aged 22 years '
and i) months. " :
C^Friends snd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, !
July VI. at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking j
parlors of C. II. Wever, Park street and !
Hants Clara avenue, Alameda. Cremation
Oakland. Remain* at undertaking parlors.
I>EMP.SEV — In thl* city. July 9, 1904 John
A., dearly beloved son of Martin and Wini-
fred Demn*ey, and brother of Joseph and
TlionuwDempsey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 21 days. ¦ ;.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
'Monday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
A of his parents, 3410 California street. Inter-
ment Holy Ctobs Cemetery.
EXAYOT— In the City and County Hospital,
July 9, 1904, Frank Exayot.
HART— In this city. July 8, 1904 Catherine
L. Hart, a native of Xieck with, " Cal., aged
21 years 8 months and 19 days.
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monda>). July 11, at 3 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
ttreet. between Seventh and Eighth Cre- I
tnation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
JIICKEY— In this city. July ' 10. 1904, Kate
Hlckey. dearly beloved mother of Kate
Harmon, a native of Ireland, aged 66 years.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
LOBB— In this city. July 10. 1904. Neville B...
beloved husband of Minnie Lobb, and son
of John L. and Ella N. Lobb, and brother
of Mary E., Basil A.- and -Leiah H. Lobb,
a native of Independence. Mo., aged 34
I James McGinn. Henry Hansen. . f
jambs mcginn & co.. I
I Formerly With McGinn Bros.- . I
• ——Funeral Directors and Kmbalmere— I - '
214 Eddy at.; TeLJSouth 876. j j
I OCEAN TBAVEL.
I : ' — —
i Si\C J 5^. Steamers leave Broadway
. » /c»>- :i sH«\ wharves <pi«rs 9 and HJ,
I fXr naJN SanFrancistco:
[Q./ ?&T> \^\ Fur Ketchikan, Wrang»l,
I I \aSjV \ I • 1 " n " au - Halnes, Skaguay.
X V V&JMEi / / rtL "-. Alaska — II a. m., Jui/
\*A \\ JOV w - 14 - l9 ' Zi < Aus - "•
\yyM Change to Company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
; For Victoria. Vancouver.
! Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
i Bellingham— 11 a. m.. July ». 14, 19. 24. 29.
: Aug. i Change at Seattle to this Company's
i steamers for Alaska an1 G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle
I or Tajoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C
: V. Ry.
For Eurokr. f Ifumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :::r>
! p. m., July !». I5i 2t, 27, Aug. 2. Corona.
' 1:30 p. m.. July 12. IS. 24. 30, Aug. 3.
! For Los Angeles fvla Port Los Angelea anl
| Kedordo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-—
i Santa Hora. Sundays. 0 a. m.
; State of California, Thur«.iay«. i) a. m.
For Lrv.s Angeles (via Stub- Ppdro and East
I San P«-dro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Moti-
• ter^y. San Himeon, Cayueos. Vort Ilanford <San
Luis Obtsr^>). Ve-itura and Hueneme.
Bot.:ta. 9 a. m., July lf>. is. 2«. Aug. S.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 11. 22. 3ft. Aug. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose t!.»l
I Cabo. Mazatldn. Altata. La Faz. Santa R.i.
; salla, Guavrcas (Mex.). 10 a. ra.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1094 —
! The palatial excursion steamship Spokan* w!il
. leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria July l;>.
j Aug. 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
j is reserved to change utearn'ra or sailing d*te?.
i TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel>, 10 Market st.. an<l Broad-
way wharves, rreiffht Office, 10 Market st.
C D. DT'NANN, General Passenger Agent.
1O Market *t.. San Francisco.
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THR AI FAST ,
S. S. SX. PAUL
' CAPTAIN C. E. TJNDQL'IST.
(Carrying T\ S. Malls. >
FROM SAX FRANCISCO DIRECT
THURSDAY, July 14. . .,2 p. m.
Connnrtins with the Company's Steamf-rs Tir
All BEHR1NO SEA POINTS, and at St.
Michael with the Company's Rivrr !*tt>ampra
for Fairbanks! and all points Tin KOYUKL'K.
TANANA and YUKON RIVERS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
JfOETIIEBSr COMMERCIAL CO-
519 CroRsley building. Cor. Mission and Nev»
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO>
Steamers will leava wharf, corner First anil
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m. , for YOKOH All V
and HONGKONG, calling at Robe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
rargo received on board on day of sailing
S. S. AMERICA MARU .;.
Monday. August 1. 1IXH
Via Honolulu. Reund-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For fa-elKht and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
oecffles&a.sa&'Ms
.. OIKECI UU to UHir»
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu.July 16, 11 A.M.
S. S. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land and Sydn»y, Thursday. July 28 2 P M
: B. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, August 9. 11A*M.
i J.D.SPBICSELSiBR03. C0.,Ajli,TiCi2t GlCJoil tK±
itCL frogM 0!!l!3 3331BratiL. PUf/. r^ii: 3L
tOMPASNII GS5SaiLB\iLa»3ATLAJfTI83i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -i^^^i
Saturday, at It) a. m.. from Pier -Ti *^2ii«i3'
-North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $7>i and upward. Secern*
1 class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ANTX
CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacittc Cc* 3 t
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To IT. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. ii. J. Corcoran — Leaves? S. P.. foot ot
Clay st.. north end ferry bid*. — Week days
0:30 A. M.. 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays. 9-36
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days
,8:50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P M.; Sundays 5
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rate*.
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cov» and Mart lac. a
We round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODAU*
CO.. phone Main tt«l. 'Saturday excepted.
To XT. S. Wary Tard and Vallejo.
Stmra. General Frtsble. Monticello and Arrow
9:45 a. m., 12:30. 3:15. 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Sun.V
Sundays. &:4o a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave VallejJ
7. 0 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15, 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days. 7 a. m., 4:15 d. m. Pier 2. foot MIs-
*ion street; phone Main 1503. HATCH BROS.
years « months aad 23 days. A member
©f Altahmo* Tribe No. 87, Improved Order
of Red Men. ' . • * _ ,
C^Notice of funsral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of . the "Western Addition
Funeral Directors. 1724 Dsvlsadero street,
between Butter and Bush. .
MATTHEW— In Oakland, July 10 1904,
George Matthew, beloved father of Jam«s
— Matthew of San Rafael and George Matthew
of Long leland. N. Y.. a native of Scotland,
aged 76 years and 1 month.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral wrvlcea
to-morrow (Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 709 Fifth street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
McBOWEX— In this city, July 10, 1904, Grac*
McBowen. beloved wife of the lat« Samuel
McBowen, and beloved mother of Mrs. I*
J. Hartwell and Robert A. McBowen, a
native of Montreal, Canada.
C7Ftmeral notice hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1209- Mission
etreet between Eighth and Ninth. <
ICOLES^-In this city. July 10, 1904, at her
residence. 671 Minna street, Elvira A., be-
loved wife of Manuel Noles, and loving
mother of Joseph and Henry Noles and Mrs.
li Dayton, and elster of John. Bernard.
Mercld and Guy .Arellano. Mr*. B. Bologene*
and Mrs. N. C. M«rrima*». a nativ* of
Contra Costa County. Cal., aged 41 years
and 8 months.
OLSSON— In this city. July 10. 1904» Ben
Olsson. beloved brother of August, John and
Hulda Olsson. a native of Sweden, aged 21
years and 23 days.
DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). July 12, at 10 o'clock, from th»
mortuary chapel of James Hag an & Co.,
49-61 ' Duboco avenue, formerly Thirteenth
street, near Valencia. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
O'NEIL— A requiem high mass of month's
mind will be celebrated at St. Francis .
Church to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock,
for the repose of the soul of the. late Miss
Mary O'Neil. Friends and acquaintances .
are invited to attend. j
SALCIDO— In this city. July 10. 1004. Frank '
Salcido, a native of Mexico, aged 43 years. ,'
CTTrlends and acquaintances ar« respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral services I
Tuesday. July 12, at 1 o'clock, at the mortu- j
ary chapel of J. S. Godeau & Co.. ."05 Mont- I
Komcry avenue. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SHANNON— In this city, July 10, 1904,
Bridget Shannon, beloved mother of John J.
McCann Mrs Harry Stover. James J. Mc-
Cann and the late Maria McAuliffo. a na-
tive of Ireland.
EXRemalns at the parlors of Gantner
Eros.. 12' « Mission etreet, between Eighth i
and Ninth. |
STEPHENS— In Victoria, B. C. July 4, 1904.
Mary Ann Stephens, mother of Mrs. John
Martin, Mrs. C. C. Skewes, Mrs. G. I.. Wil-
liams and Robert. Samuel J. and A. J.
Stephens, a native of England, aged 73
years 2 months and 3 days.
CyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Tuesday, July 12,
at 11 o'clock, at the chapel of Clark &
Hooth. 612-614 Van Ness avenue, between
Golden Gate avenue and Turk street. Inter-
ment private.
WILLIAMS— In this city, July 9. 1904. Lizzia
Williams beloved wife of Thomas Williams,
and mother of Mn. Martin Schmitt. a nativs
of New York, aged 47 years and 11 months.
(ETTtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem high mass
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 a. m.. Tuesday. July 12, 1904, at St.
Agnes Church, Page street and Masonic ave-
nue. Remains at the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. Martin Schmitt. 121 Beulah
etreet. Interment private. Kindly omit
flowers.
Headquarters Relnhold RlchUr Camp, U.
S. XV. V.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 6. 1904.
Whereas, It has pleased our Great Com-
mander to muster out and summon' to his
eternal re?t and reward our late comrade,
John H. Liddle: and
Whereas. Our late comrade. John H.
Liddle. was a dutiful son, a loyal and faith-
ful soldier of his country during the Spanish- I
American war and Philippine insurrection, j
and proved his patriotism, worth and trust
by his felf-abnegation. gallant deeds and
glorious record; therefore be It
Resolved. That we. his late eomradee-ln-
arms and " comrades of j Reinhold Richter
Canip. LTr.ited Spanish /War Veterans, in
camp assembled, deplore his loss by death
and extend to his bereaved family our heart-
felt and deepest sympathy in this, their hour
of trial: and be it further
Resolved. That, as a mark of respect to
his memory, the charter of our camp be \
draped and our standard ¦ and nags be- ,
craped for a period of thirty days; and be it i
further I
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions \
in the memory of our late comrade, John II. !
Liddle. be sent to his bereaved family and
another to the press of San Franoisco; and j
be it further '
Resolved. That the above resolutions be I
inscribed on the minutes of the camp and
made a part of the -records thereof.
OTTO F. HL'BER, Commander.
GEORGK H BALL. Adjutant.
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION — A lot of WELI# BROKEN
HORSES, suitable for all purposes, on MON-
DAY. July 11. at 11 o'clock, at 122 Grov^ su
Phone South 20. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
£* £r* £^
By order of J. Ryan of San Jose I win s<»Il »
car of good gentle horses, also all kinds of
buggies, wagons, carts, surries. and 20 set3 •>;
single and double harness. TUESDAY. July 12.
11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom st. WM. CLOUGH,
Auctioneer.
*k SPECIAL. AUCTION SALE— ARCADE
HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY. July 13, at 11 a, ra.. I win
sell 30 head of good horses, consigned to i,. •
by A. Stack of Slllton. Calaveras County, Cal..
al3O a lot of other rood horses, buggies, wac-
ons and harness. John J. Doyle. Auctioneer.To-day's worry is the result of yes
terday's neglect. ""-'¦
WACO, Tex., July 10.— Returng from the
Eleventh Concrpssloiial District primaries
show that Congressman R. L. Henry has de
feated Judge Gerald.
The demand for the introduction of
the metric system of weights and
measures in England Is becoming
more and more urgent. Lord Kelvin
and other --ilnent men of science are
advocating the change.
The attempt to promote Sunday box
ing at Colma yesterday ended, as was
expected, in failure. A handful of
spectators paid to /get in, but the
amount would not "pay" the , amateur
scrappers for their, efforts, so the af
fair , was declared off.
. 3 •. -• ¦ • • .- -
Sunday . Boxing a Failure.
SANTA. ROSA, July 10.— At high
noon to-day Miss Delle Howard was
wedded to Roy Dickersoh at the resi
dence of her parents in Cloverdale.
Both are prominent educators in this
county, Dickerson being the principal
of. the Cloverdale High. School. His
bride was an assistant in the school. '
Cloverdale Teachers Married.
Beeond race, about two and s half miles,
•teejslechafct. handicap — Flying Buttress 154,'
First race, six furlong:«. maiden jockeys
Ho^hampion I I.'S. Kinsxaine 113. The Mus
krtfct-r 113. Ahumada list. Mcntfra 10» Knob,
hampton 1U7. Glad Tidinpn lftt Mary Ulenn
103, Ogontz 10:.'. Inquisitive Girl 102 Julia
M. !T7. Lt-to"a 97. For Luck »7. Seymour Oti
Dr. Lodrr \>i, 7>i>re U2.
NEW YORK. July 10.— The entries
for the races to-morrow at Brighton
Beach follow:
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
Second race— Gcoree Vivian, Jake
Weber, Lcenja.
Third race — Yellow Hammer. Triple
Silver. Ambtrila.
Fourth race — First Mason, Ancke,
Charlie Thompson.
Fifth ra<-c— Useful Lady. Lady Sa
voy. Gas r Adelaide.
Sixth rac« — die. Thane. Wissendine.
First race — Torlo. Anyway. Pink
Marsh.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
The Queen of Holland is an en
thusiastic farmer. A dairy has been
established in connection with the royal
castle of Loo. and it Is run on quite
businesslike lines by its owner, large
quantities of butter and milk being
sold regularly from the dairy, which
Ik now self-supporting and profitable.
Another hobby of the young Queen is
photography, and, like Queen Alex
andra and other distinguished ama
teurs, she is quite an expert with the
camera. A pretty story is told of the
Queen's fondness for the accomplish
ment. Noticing a peasant woman on
one of her drives in picturesque cos
tume, holding a baby in her arms, she
asked permission to take a picture, to
the great delight of the woman, who
received a present after the snapshot
had been taken, while the baby got a
kiss from the Queen.— Westminster Ga
zette.
Wilhclmina a Farmer Queen.
Of one singularly attractive and dec
orative detail of Japanese daily life lit
tle is known in this country; yet it
touches all classes, from nobles to cool
ies _ the use of present cloths. These
are squares of all sorts of materials,
from twenty inches to two yards across;
They are used to tie up the gifts which
are exchanged on all possible occasions.
After the presentation of the gift the
cloth 13 removed and returned to the
giver by a servant.
These cloths ore handed down from
generation to generation, and among
them are found some of the finest
specimens of the old embroidery and
dyeing. ,Many of the square pieces of
Japanese embroidery used in this coun
try for pillow and table covers were
originally used as coverings for pres
ents.—New York Commercial.
Cloths for Presents in Japan.
Race, 5 doubles and 10 singles— Lewis 14,
Holllng 14, Iverson 0, Nauman 10, Hutton 12,
Bylvester 17, Pitres 16, Bradrlck 14, Daniels
17. Frahm 10. .
Club handicap, medal event — Cuneo shot at
28. broke 21; Nauman, 26. 24; Slade 20 22;
Frahm 27. 14; Shreve 2B, 1H; Blelwaskl 3U. 11;
Patrick 28, 13; Murdock 2», 22; Leary 28, 21;
Iverson 25, 18: Daniels 20. 18; Bradrick 20
21; Ittrei 28, 25; Hutton 27, 19; George Syl
vester 25, 24: Peter Hansen 30, 10; Biller 30
9; Williams 27, 18; Dutton 27. 23; Klevesahl
27. 22: Barber 30, 14; Plsani 30. 21; Lewis,
2«. 21.
Club race, shot at 10 yards, 25 targets—
Bradrlck 22. Daniels 21. Cuneo 15, Blelwaekl
10. Slade 22, Murdock 21, Nauman 21, Frahm
19," Patrick 18, Shreve 10, Lewis 20. Hutton
18, Dutton 19. Holllng 22, Peters 15, Leary f5
George Sylvester 23. Ivereon 23, Peter Han
sen 14, Emir Klevesahl 19. Dr. . Grosae 4 J.
Killer 14. Williams 17. Robertson 21, Barber
11, Plsani 14. Knick 10.
The Union Gun Club members were
out in large numbers at the Inglcside
traps yesterday and enjoyed a good
day's shooting.
The weather was ideal and the gun
men were in good trim.
The following were the results:
Excellent Scores Are Made on Blue
Rocks, the Weather Favoring
Good Shooting:.
INGLESIDE TRAPS ATTRACT?
MANY UNION GUN CLUB MEN
First race — Florentine, Cigarlighter,
Allen Avon. t
Second race — Dusky, Olympian, Nel
lie Waddell.
Third race — Leo' Planter, Creolln,
John K. Owens.
Fourth race — Witful, McGee, Braes.
Infill race — Sylvia Talbot, Mansard.
Rng Tag.
Sixth race — Schoolmate, Black Wolf,
Crestfallen.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
W. B. Collier's model yacht Fannie,
after qualifying for the finals many
times, finally carried i off the pennant
yesterday in competition on Spreckels
Lake, Golden Gate Park. 7 The winning
boat is one of the fastest built this
year,; but has had poor racing luck.
Competition narrowed down to the
Fannie and Apache in the finals, and
the former proved her superiority by
winning three straight races. The
Apache, however, sailed the course in
3:20, the best time of the day. -
Collier's new racing rules were used
and seemed {o give general satisfac
tion. Under, them a boat failing to
finish first after three trials drops out.
The average time was not taken, as
heretofore. . As held yesterday/ the
element of luck does not cut as much
of a figure as formerly. Every boat
has at least thre'e chances. When the
race narrows down to two ; boats they
race until one boat beats the other
three times. By winning three straight
from the Apache the Faijnie proved
she was the best boat yesterday. Of
the nine races she won <nve and the
Apache four. No other boat won a race.
An important meeting of ,the San
Francisco Model Yacht Club will -be
held Wednesday evening.
Proves Herself One of the Fastest of
the Models Built During
the Year.
COLLIER'S YACHT FANNIE
WINS ON SPRECKELS LAKE
SEATTLE, July 10. — Oakland won
to-day by a narrow margin. Buchanan
pitched a good game and was well
backed by his companion players.
Score:
Seattle — . Oakland —
AB.R, H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHn,cf 3 0 0 11 Gnley.rf 4 O O 1 O
Mhler.2b 4 0 16 4 Grahm.lf 4 0 0 2 1
Hghes.3b 4 0 10 1 Krger.cf 4 115 0
Frisk, If 3 1 0 0 OlSchfly.sa 2 113 3
Bnksp.lb 4 0 19 2,Mckn. lb 4 1 2 8 0
Smith, rf 4 1 1 3 liDevrx,3b 3 0 0 2 3
Hall. bs. 4 0 0 3 2 Streib.2b 2 0 12 1
Wilson.c 3 0 14 liBymes. c 3 0 0 4 1
Willms.p 3 0 0 1 5 Bchnan.p 2 0 0 0 2
Totals.32 "2 ~5 27 I'! Totals. 28 3 5 27 11
. BUNS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0—2
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—3
SUMMARY.
Errors — Mohler 2, Frisk. Smith, Schlafley 2,
Devereaux, Buchanan. Earned runs — Oakland
2. Two-base hits — Smith, Schlafley. Double
plays — Williams to Mohler to Blankenshlp;
Mohler to Blankenshlp. Sacrifice hits — Dev
ereaux, Byrnes. Struck out — By Williams 4,
by Buchanan 3. Bases on balls — Off Wil
liams 4, off Buchanan 2. Hit by pitched
balls— Schlafley, Buchanan. Wild pitch-
Buchanan. Left on bases — Seattle 4, Oakland
5. Time of game — 1:50. Umpire — O'Cbnnell.
Pitches a Good Game for Oakland and
Defeats Seattle.
BUCHANAN IS IX FORM.
Special handicap prize race, 20 birds, ehot in
10 singles and 5 pairs— J. B. Hauer, 20 yards'
rise, broke 9; W. B. Cullen, 18 yards' rise,
broke 15; A. J. Webb, 22 yards' rise, broke 16;
L. H. Allen, 18 yards' rise, "broke 17; Dr.
Clyde Payne, 18 yards' rise, broke 12; Frank
Howlett, 22 yards' rise, broke 17. Howlett and
Cullen tied for honors of the day in this event.
Shoot -off for J15, 25" birds, shot in 15 elfigles
and 5 pairs, distance handicap: j First class—
J. B. Hauer, 20 yards' rise, broke 14; W O.
Oullen,<18 yards' rise, broke 19; A. J. Webb,
22 yards* rise, broke 23; L. H. Allen, 18 yards'
rlee, broke 18; J. Peltier. 14 yards' rise, broke
24. Second class — Dr. C. Payne, 18 yards'
rise, broke 20; F. L. Houpt, 18 yards' rise,
broke 19; Dr. A. J. Sylvester, 18 yards' j-lse,
broke 17; Frank Howlett, 22 yards' rise,
broke 17.
Club championship race — J. B. Hauer 21, W.
O. Cullen 23. A. J. Webb 22. L H. Cullen 23
Dr. Clyde Payne IS, F. I*. Houpt 17. Dr. Clyde
S. Payne (back score) 23, J. . Peltln 21, A. J.
Sylvester 10, Frank Howlett 18.
The members of the Empire Gun
Club held their final shoot of the year
yesterday at the Alameda Point traps.
A. J. Webb won the club championship
and special handicap prize races. J.
B. Hauer wop the Sweeney record
medal. The gold and silver cuff but
tons were won by L. H. Allen and W.
O. Cullen. The principal scores:
A. J. Webb Wins Club Championship
and Handicap Prize, While J. B.
Hauer Takes Sweeney Medal.
CHICAGO, July 10. — The Harlem
track entries for to-morrow follow:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Rain
witch 100, Cigar Lighter 107. Frances Dillon
100, Allen Avon 104. Dixelle 103, Florentine
107, Walter Arnold 103.
Second race, six furlongs, celling — My Alice
05. Great Eastern 05. Vlnctides 100. Bay
Wonder 106. Jackfull 101, Clarence Montague
102 Handly Cross 10S, Emma A M 101, Nellie
Waddell 101." Marco 101, Dusky 00, Woods
Perry 02, Llda Lleb 90, Olympian ill.
Third race, ehort course steeplechase. handi
cap—Fullback 125. D.r. Nowlin 144. John E.
Owens 131 MonUnic 139, Cardigan 133, Creolin
137. Falella 137,. Leo Planter 150.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Har
rlFon 100, Witful 107. Bragg 111. McGee 114.
Fifth rac". six furlongs, (selling — Redman
inn Kleinwood 100, Mansard 108, Jim Hala
103' Mayor Johnson 10*j. Jack Demund 106, fcyl
via' Talbot 105. The Mighty 102. Rag Tag 111.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Lacy Crawford OS, Black Wolf 06, Crestfallen
100 Joe Lesser 107, Edward Hale 92, Lord
Touchwood 08, Schoolmate 101. Tancred 110,
Frangible 105, Major Manslr 100, Horton 106.
Weather cloudy; track muddy.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
EMPIRE GUN CLUB MEN
CLOSE THEIR TRAP SEASON
Pafk courts— R. N. Whitney and George
Baker beat C. Foley and C. Dunlap, 0-7, 6-4;
Whitney and Baker beat C. Griffin and A.
Brabant. 6-4, 6-4. 5-7 :'J. M. Baker and Whit
ney, tied H. Routh and Roach. 3-6, 6-2; C.
Foley and J., Baker beat Routh and Roach.
«-4; Q. Baker and Dunlap beat Foley and
Griffin, 6-4; Ouerin beat Ho well. 7-5.
California Club— Benjamin Nourse beat Wer
ner Stnuf. fl-3,.9-t: R. B. Daggett beat Dr.
Noble, fl-4, 5-7,' 6-3; C. Kurlin tied B. Nourse,
4-4: E, P. Robblns beat W. Murphy. 6-3, -6-4;
O'Hara and Murphy beat Robblns and Knowl
ton. C-2. 6-4: R. Drolla and H. Gabriel beat
E. Twlgsx and C. Foley. 6-3, 6-3; Drolla beat
Foley. 6-3; Drolla' beat Nourse, 7-5: Percy
Murdock beat Drummond MacGavin. 5-7. 6-3,
fl-3; MacGavin and. Murdock beat Chester
Smith and Cirl Gardner. 6-0. 6-0. 6-1.
The following matches were played:
7 Reuben G. Hunt, the crack player
from Alameda, who has made quite a
record in the East, is on his way home
and will participate in the September
tournaments. As Hunt ranks in the
first twenty in the East, nis presence
in the tournament will make possible
a comparison between the . local and
Eastern players.
On the Park courts George Baker
and Robert Whitney carried off the
honors. They played two double
matches" and won •• both. In the flrst
they beat Charles Foley and Charles
Dunlap. Both sets were close and in
both Whitney and Baker got the long
end. Baker, as us.ual. was as steacly
as a clock. He left the brilliant work
to Whitney. Foley and Dunlap played
well at the net, but in the back court
were rather ? weak.' In their second
match Whitney and Baker ¦ beat A.
Brabant and Clarence Griffin. They
won the flrst two sets and lost the
third. - -\ . ..---•-. ~: : ¦ ,
The tennis players took advantage
of the pleasant weather yesterday and
appeared in force on me courts. The
attraction at the California Club was
a practice match between Percy Mur
dock and Drummohd MacGavin. It
was their flrst meeting since the San
Francisco championship, when Mur
dock took MacGavin into camp. The
match was watched witn interest, as
these two players are the best in the
vicinity of San Francisco.
Neither player let himself out as he
would in a tournament, but both were
out to win. After losing the first set
Murdock pulled out the next two hand
"ily. In the first set Murdock started
off in the lead, winning the first five
games. At this Doint MacGavin set
tled down to hard play and by some
fast -volleying and smashing took seven
games straight and the set. The State
champion eased down after this and
Murdock annexed the last two sets
easily.
Murdock and MacGavin have decided
to Join forces and play as a team in
the coast doubles tournament. Grant
Smith will not be able to participate
in any more tournaments this year
and his place will be taxen by Mur
dock.
Clever Tennis Players AVill Strive for
Highest Honors in the Coast Ten
nis Double Tournament.
Buttress, Neponsct.
Third race — Hurst Park, Eugenia
Burvh, Brigand.'
Fourth rare — Paeet entry, Thirty-
Third, Chrysitis.
Fifth race — Britisher, Migraine,
Broadclotlu . .
Sixth race — Marmee, Black Socks,
Lady Prudence.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — 3Iuskcteer. RoehamD
ton. Tepee.
Second race — Black Death. Flying
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
MURDOCK AND MacGAVIX
TO COMPETE AS A TEAM
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, July 10. — St. Louis and Chicago
broke even here to-day in a double-header,
the first game going to Chicago by a score of
2 to 1, while St. Louis landed the second, 6
to 5. Attendance 12,000. Score:
First game— R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 7 1
Chicago' 2 8 0
' Batteries — Pelty and Kahoe: White and Sul
livan.
Second game- 1 — R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 11 2
Chicago 5 0 2
Batteries— Slevets Sudhoff and Sugden; Pat
terson and Sullivan.
Philadelphia 4 6 1
Batteries — Harper and Peitz; Frazer and
Dooin.
Second . game — . R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 10 1
Philadelphia .." 1 6 4
Batteries — Ewing and Schlel; McPherson
and Dooin. Umpire — Zlmmer.
ST. LOUIS. July 10. — St. Louis and New
York split even in a double-header this after
noon, the home team winning the flrst, 3 to 2,
and New York getting the second, 3 to 1.
Nichols was more effective than McGinnlty in
the opening game, the runs of both teams be
ing made on hits. In the second Luther Tay
lor nltched a brilliant game for New York.
Attendance 10,000. Score; "
First game — . ' • R. H. E.
St. Loui3 3 10 2
New York 2 7 1
j Batteries — Nichols and Zearfoss; McGlnnity
and Warner. Umpires — O' Day and Emslle.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 1 6 1
New York 3 8 0
Batteries — O'Nell and Zearfoss; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpires — O' Day and Emslle.
. CHICAGO, July 10.— Corrldon blanked the
visitors for eight innings, allowing only three
scattered singles, the locals having, scored
three runs by hard hitting. Attendance 11,300.
Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 ' 9 1
Brooklyn ." 2 7 2
Batteries — Corrldon and O'Nell. Jones and
Bergen. Umpire — Moran.
CINCINNATI, July 10.— The Cinelnnatls and
Philadelphias split - even in a double-header
this afternoon. Attendance 10,300. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 6 0
Nichols Proves More Effective Than
"Iroii Man" 3icGlnnity— Taylor
a Clever Pitcher.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS A>'D XEW TORK1'
JSACH CAPTURE A GAME
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Balls. Maid- Runs. Wick-
Bowlers — ens. ets.
Roberts 114 3 66 4
Petersen 132 3 56 5
Eubanks 19 0 16 0 \
Eubank? bowled 1 wide.
Totals 137
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 14,
two for 10, three for 2.\ four for 34, five for
r>2, six for 71. seven for 100, eight for 101,
nine for 122.
G. I. Baugh, c. Stewart, b. Robert«2» 3
G. Croll, b. Roberta 7T. 14
H. Bird. b. Peters 5
F. S. Stahl, c. Richardson, b Roberts 5
S. F. Foster, b. Petersen 16
W. H. McNaughton, c. Dixon.'Jj. Petersen. 14
F. J. Croll, b. Roberts M
O. H. Ward, c. Pepys, b. Petersen 7
F. Bennlon, not out ig
W. G. Fortmann. b. P^tersen 14
J. Brown, not out 2
Byes 6, leg byes 2. wide 1 9
two for 0. three for 12, four for 7R, five > for
102, six for 103. seven for 124, eight for 137,
nine for 140. ten for 153.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Balls. Maid- Runs. Wick-
Bowlers — ens, ets.
Croll 121 8 52 1
Fortmann 103 6 36 3
Ward Jr 13O 7 36 4
Foster .*..- 54 4 13 0
Stahl 43 1 8 2
Fortmann and Ward Jr. bowled 1 wide each
and Stahl bowled 1 no ball.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
Black Death 150. Xeponset 13<>, Santos Du
raont 137 Gascar 13*\ Gortnagallon 134. Silver
Twist 134 Royelle 132, Percen 130, Lady Go
lightly 130.
Third race, one and a quarter miles —
Hum Park 126, Eugenia Burch 110. Brigand
89. Himself 05.
Fourth race, >flve furlongs, two-year-olds —
Tradition 122. Chrj'sitla 122. Schulamite 122.
fzaraphine 119. Thirty Third 115. Diamond
Flush 109, Intrigue 105. (Tradition and Czar
aphine, Paget entry.)
Fifth race five and a half furlonge. two
year-olds — Martha Gorman 109 Dr. Swartz
107. Glowstar 107. Amberjack 107, Britisher
107. Preen 107. Austin Allen 102. Migraine
102. Black Prince 102 Von Tromp 102, Jonquil
1<i2. Broadcloth 102, Campo 09.
Sixth race one and a' sixteenth miles —
Chattah 110 Marmee 110, Alstock 110, Rosie
Dinham 110. Black Socks 110. Mutiny 110,
Belle of Portland 110, Bistre 110. Lady Pru
dence 110.
Weather dear; track fast. "
Men of the South Go to Pieces In the
Eighth Inning.
PORTLAND, July 1 10. — Ira Hastings
is the real thing in the box. Ira is the
youth Dugdale discovered with the
Hoquiam team. The Loo Loos saw
him in the box to-day, but they did
not discover him. He toyed with the
men from the. southland in a fashion
of a cat with a niouse. When the
dazed batsmen began to take courage
the brunette acquisition let out a few
more kinks and his contract was again
complete. Dolly Gray did brilliant
work, but weakened in the eighth
inning and was touched up smartly.
His support was good until Chase
fumbled in fielding Beck's slow hit
toward flrst. The score:
Portland — i Los Angeles —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A
Nadau.lf 4 110 O.Toman.s. 4 0 0 14
McCde.rf 4 0 1 .2 0|Flood,2b 4 0 0 2 1
Dman.cf 4 113 0Smith.3b 3 0 0 2 0
Beck,lb. 4 0 2 8 liBernrd.cf 3 0 0 10
Raymd.s 4 0 0 3 6iCravth.rt 3 112 0
Castro, 2b 3 0 0 4 3 Chase. lb. 4 0-1 6 0
Cmbll.3b 2 113 2Roes.U.. 4 0 2 2 0
Shea, c. 2 1 1 4 2!Sptes,c. 4 0 2 8 3
Hastgs.p 3 0 0 0 1 Gray, p.. 2 0 0 0 1
Totals. 30 4 7 27 15[ Totals. 31 ~1 6 24 ~9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 -4 z— 4
Base hits 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 5 x— 7
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Base hits 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 2— «
•, SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hit — Gray. Errors — Raymond. Cas
tro, Smith. Earned runs — Portland 4. Stolen
bases — Caetro, Bernard, Drennan 2," Beck.
Bases on called balls— Off Hastings 2, off
Gray 3. Struck out — By Hastings 2, by Gray
8. Two-baae hit — Spies. Double play — Ray
mond to Castro. Left on bases — Portland 4,
Los Angeles 7. Hit by pitched ball—Hast
) ings. Time of game — One hour and thirty
minutes. First base on errors — Portland 1,
Los Angeles 2. Umpire — Brown. Attendance,
6000. ' -
PORTLAND DEFEATS ANGELS.
The various shooting clubs were well'
represented yesterday at the Shell
Mound Park range, and some good
scores were made. In the re-entry
match of the Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club Frank E. Mason made a
score in ten phots of 232 points, an
average of more than twenty-three
rings. Following this score he made
two excellent ten-shot strings, one of
220 and one of 227.
D. B. Faktor^lso shot well in the re
entry match, making a ten-shot string
of 228. J. R. Trego did well in the re
volver re-entry match making a ten
shot string of 95 out of a possible 100.
The fifty-shot match between Mason
and Faktor was close, Mason scoring
1107 and faktor 1100.
The scores were as follows:
Monthly bullseye shoot of Shell Moand Pistol
and Rifle Club — R. S. Wlxson 12>4. H. McKln
ley 14. H. Wobber 24. H. Klelnenbroich 23. H.
P. Nelson 2t>^. W. A. Slebe 2St, W. Guild
28 H. H. Vogl 32 Vi. J. Guttenber* 35^. P*.
Siebe 50, P. Paulson 57, C. Heissenber* 59.
G. Hughes 6O, W. Paulson 60^. B. Schdllerta
H2, A. Ramm 62>4, F. Dupplisea 63H..R- C.
Holmquist 64*4 C. Otten fi«. L,. V. Frates 67.
A. Kllnkner 69. II Koftod 76, A. Liebscher
8tt\4. U. R. Murphy '80..
Company A, Veteran Reserve National
Guard, monthly practice shoot — William Dues
ler 23, A. Noeck 18, Sergeant P. Sherwood 21.
George Dlehl 13. John Donovan 33. A. C. New
man 23. F. E. Covey 28. A. T. Warren It. E.
M. Sherburne 18. D. L. Sherar 25. G. W.
Wallacer 23; Lieutenant J. C. Darnell. flv«
shots. 16.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class — D. B. Faktor,
217. 203; O. Bremer. 210. 207; M. Blasse. 200.
206. Beeond champion class — William Blasse.
214. 187; George Tammeyer, 202. 100. Ftr"t
class rot filled. Second class — CJ. H. Bahrs.
196. ISO; William Zlnkand. 10«. Third class—
A. Schaefer, 19O, l«3; H. Myer, 177. Best flrst
shot. M. Blasse, 25; best last shot, M. Blas«ie.
25.
- Independent Rifles, monthly meda! shoot—
W. Conner* 27. H. Kuhlke 61. H. Retnhardt 34.
C. Schmidt 40. W. Wurzbach 43. Corporal A.
Dietrich 30. C. Schilling 48. Sergeant B. D.
Hilken 21. Sergeant I* J. Mayer 45, C. Freder
iekson 28. William Ewtg 4S. G. Fricker 41. J.
Behlmer 52. J. H. Kuhtke 50. Sergeant II.
Feyse 48, Sergeant C. Andrews 27.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln monthly
medal shoot — Champion class. t>. B. Faktor,
213; first class, D. Salfleld. 200; second class.
A. Jungblutt, 1M; third class. E. Doel, 102;
fourth class, F. Pape, 194.
. Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot— O. Lemcke 474, J. Dieken «74. D.
Salfleld 060. August Westphal 1U0S Henry
Meyer 1103. F. G. Thode 1140, G. Schula 1234,
J. de Wit 1421, J. Lankenau 1720 George II.
Bahrs 1S23.
Golden Gate- Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot: Pistol match — M. Ko
lander. 84, 82, 75. Revolver re-entry match — J
R. Trego, f>5, SI; P. A. Becker Sn, S« 82; Ml
J. White. S4. 80: W. F. Blasse. 01. S«. 83. 83.
83. 82; G. W. Hoadly, 74, 74. 72: W. Burk
holder. 86. 80. 80. 79, 76; F. V. Klngton 80.
86, 83, 85, 77; W. Prlchard 01. 82. Silver
medal— H. >. Nelson, ISO. Medal bars— G.
Tammeyer. 210. 2t>5. Re-entry match — F. E.
Mason. 232. 220. 227; D. B. Faktor. 229, 22.1.
223. 215. 211: M. Kolander, 219. 214; W. F.
Blaase. 215. 208, 208; .41. Blasse, 214. 21.1; E.
Hammond 211, 204. Fifty-shot match — F E.
Mason 1107. I>. B. Faktor 110O.
Statistics ot the Church.
According to Dr. Walter Laidlaw, an
authority on church statistics, there
are about 30,000,000 church members
out of 82,000,000 inhabitants of the
United States. Of these 30,000,000 the
Roman Catholics number more than
one-third. These have gained enor
mously in recent years by the heavy
Immigration from countries such as
Italy, Poland "and Austria-Hungary,
where the vast majority of the popula
tion is loyal to the church of Rome.
It is calculated that since 1830 the Cath
olics lnVthe United States have in
creased about 60 per cent, or over 4,000,
000. In the same fourteen years the
growth of the population cannot have
been more than 30 per cent, or at most
35 per cent. So it appears that the
Roman Catholics constitute about 15
per cent of the entire population of the
United States.
According to Dr. Laidlaw the Pro
testant church members have Increased
about 35 per cent since 1S90. thus gain
ing at least as fast as the gross popu
lation of the United States.— New York
Globe.
In His Own Estimation.
"A hero is a man who does something
bold and desperate for his country'*
good, isn't he?" said Senator Sorghum.
"Tea," was the reply.
"Well, I don't see why nobody comes
around with medals for me. I one©
risked $30,000 getting Into a position
where I could serve my country."—
Washington Star.
ST. LOUIS, July 10. — The entries
for the fair grounds races to-morrow
follow:
First r»c». fix furlongs, maMcr.n. sellinp —
Florida; 110. Torlo 1C7. Busilrr 10", Mengfs
107, Frank Rim-r 507. Ker.ningrton 107, Pink
Ksrsli 1C5. J. Rciff IC2. Anyway 100.
Second rar»>. one zr.iir- and s<-v«"iuy yards, sell
1n»r—JuliuB "Werner 107. Jake WVbpr 107, Ur«
tiium MM*, Exapo 100, L^enja. 100. Feronia OS,
lA<!y Matches 98. Dr Riley 97, George Vivian
«7. Eleven Bel]* 85. Mohave 00, Easter Waitr r»
'.•ft. ricgina D S5.
Third riic-. h'.x furlnr.irs. maidms. selling —
Mod^c 107. Ve!low Hammer 105. Triple Silver
10.-. MtiECOvnfr 102. Mon Cher 100, Grief 100.
Hustuctk tta 100. Mi«* tiomrz loO. Amb^rita [09
Fourth rai-p. cn» mil", purse — First Mamn
II*. Mountebank 1CS. Charlie Thompson 10S.
Ancke 1<«, Cer-jwrrfieid 101. Commodore 101,
JU5t SO !t£.
Fifth rare, five fur!cr.s«— Lady Pavoy 107.
MrDeceitT 106. Oarrett Wilson 106. Colonel
White Km. D«efu] Lady 1C«, Gay Adelaide 103.
Monaco Maid MS.
t-'i»th r«cc ; ..one and a sixteenth miles, selling
Thane 10K. Gatlitthter H*. Whssendine 105.
Jvrry Hunt 1'fi. Imbodrn 100, Handitpinner 09,
Elte 31.
Weather cloudy; track heai-jr. P*,Vh
"Frisco" Hoag'p El Piloto picked up
two purses, was three times second and
twice unjilaced.
FlMenvine displayed vast improve
ment over his California form. Out of
seven starts the gelding was twice re
turned a winner, finished second and a
lhird the same number of times ar»d
v.as unplaced but once. A mile in
3:4"^, galloping. was one of his
pf-hievements. Charley Irwin of Chey
rnnp now owns Sissenvine.
Jimmy Lawler and hfs cashier,
George Crov.iey, went to St. Louis the
day following the close of the Denver
meeting. .
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Unfortunately for the bookers of Me
lar, Bookmaker Jimmy Lawler sent Ike
Tullett, the rider of Escabosa, a ticket
which looked good to the jockey and,
forgetting his earlier agreement, Ike
Janded Escabosa a winner.
The of George Strobel,
"Frisco" Hoag and Cahill & Mclntoeh
shipped to Portland, Or.
Fair Lady Anna, ownetl by John
Lodge of Sacramento, started seven
times at the meeting. The mare on
three occasions finished first, was twice
second on on a like number of times
lan third. John intended paying a visit
t-j the home of hiS parents in Nebraska,
after which he will go to Chicago in
P3arch of a few purses.
Jim Davis, who was ruled off the turf
by tn< J California Jockey Club and who
v. as debarred all privileges at Over
land, laid prices at a "scrambled egg""
meeting, which took place at Pueblo,
Colo., on the Fourth.
Cousin Carrie, owned by George Bur
ger of California, was the Beldame of
the Colorado circuit. The chestnut
mare sported the colors at Pueblo, Col
orado Springs and Denver, scoring on
ten occasions. Five consecutive victo
ries were earned at the latter city,
¦rbere Fhe defeated all of the crack
sprinters. 'When she finished first for
the Brown Palace Hotel stake Carrie
was ridden by Joe Kelly, the Piedmont
( stable jockey. Kelly left the maiden
'c lass at the Colorado meeting and may
develop into a litst-class rider. In 1S98
fhaw. now one of the stars of the East
ern turf, was an unknown exercise boy
at Denver, working for the Texas
horseman. Jess Hughes.
Frank McMahon disposed of Vasallo
to a. Colorado Springs turfman named
Irwin for $500. He took Oronte. Major
Tcnny and the balance of his string- on
to Chicago.
Fred Edwards with Polonius and Es
cabosa and J. Case, owner of Possart,
shipped to St. Louis at the conclusion
of the racing. On the last day Ed
wards and his friends unloaded on
George Strobel's Melar to take the two
y« ar-old event, which Escabosa at 10 to
1 ¦won easily. According to report it
was to have been a getaway affair.
JOCKEY RIDES' IT OUT.
DAVIS BOOKS IV COLORADO
occurred.
The Ayers Bros, of Petaluma made
eome money booking, and with their
block man, Ben Levy, went on to Chi
t-ago.
Zick Ahrams did not lay away much,
and with his crew departed for St.
Louis.
The fourte«n-day race meeting which
closed at Overland Park. Denver, on
iht 4lh last, was t;uch a. successful one
la every particular that it %vould not
be surprising if next year the Denver-
Ovcriand Association held a thirty-day
reason of shorts.
From its inception the meeting was
liberally patronized by the best people,
and money was plentiful despite the
ictiingtncy of the rinancial market due
to strikes in the mining regions.
Twelve books cut in the lirst day and
nine were still laying odds at the end.
Those of i he layers who were not try
ing to pick the winners and could tell
a "Dutch" from a thirty per cent book
i.iade money.
Will Clark, the young Montana mil
liuiiaire whose harness hwrses Miss
'joorgrie, a California-bred pacer, and
Sally Lunn, a two-year-old, were
money-winners at the meet, was fre
quently spoken of as a probable pur
chaser of Overland Park. It was un
derstood he would be associated with
K6 Gaylord, the Denver turfman. The
property is held at $1-5,000. At last
accounts no change of ownership had
By F. K. .Miilholland.
TACOMA, July 10. — The game to-day
was the most exciting of the present
series. San Francisco would have been
shut out had not Umpire McDonald de
clared a balk in the fourth inning on
Overall, walking Anderson from third
home, as .otherwise he would never
have scored. Overall was a foot out
side the box and made a motion to
throw to first, tnis constituting what
McDonald called a balk. San Francisco
was on the bases every inning, but
could not get hits from the giant col
legian when hits meant runs. A two
bagger by Casey and McLaughlln's sin
gle in the second, and a two-bagger by
Overall and Sheehan's single in the
eighth scored Tacoma's runs. The
score:
Tacoma — I San Francisco —
, ; AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Doyle, rf. 8 0 0 0 0 Wldrn.cf 5 0 13 0
Shehn,3b 4 0 10 ? Hildbd.lf 3 0 2 10
Nrdyk.lb 4 0 2 8 l!Meany,rf 4 0 2 10
Eagan.s. 3 0 12 1 Irwin,3b. 3 0 2 0 3!
Lynch.cf 8 0 13 1 Andrsn.s 4 10 3 4
Casey,2b 3 116 1 Miller.2b 4 0 2 2 6
McLgn,lf 3 0 12 1 Twnsd.lb 3 0 1 14. 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 6" Leahy.c. 40000
; Overall. p 3 110 2 Knell.p. .40005
Totals. 29 2 8 27*13 Totals. 34 110 24 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco... 00. 010000 0 — 1
Base hits 11122102 0—10
Tacoma O 1 0 0 0 0 O 1 x — 2
Base hits 1 2 110 1 0 2 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Error — McLaughlin. Struck out — By Overall
6. Bases on balls — By Overall 2. Hit by
pitcher— By Overall 1. Passed balls— Leahy 2.
Wild pitches— By Overall 1. Balk— By Overall
1. Stolen base — Meany. Two-base hits — Casey.
Lynch, Overall. Earned runs — Tacoma 2. Sac
rifice hit — Doyle. Double plays — Lynch to
Casey, Miller to Anderson to Townsend. Lert
on bases — Tacoma 4,. San Francisco 9. Time
of game — One hour and forty-five minutes.
Umpires — McCarthy and McDonald.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W.L. Pet. 1 W.I* Pet.
Tacoma 60 42 .8881 Oakland ....6149.610
Seattle '....•..56 43 .56S!8an Fran. ...40 59 .40+
Los Angeles. S3 47 .530, Portland 37 59 .3S5
STANDING. OF THE CLUBS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The sloop Thelrna, sailed by S. S.
Marshall, won the annual race for the
Wallace trophy of the California Yacht
Club yesterday by the narrow margin
of seventeen seconds., a closer race
than that between the Corinthian and
the Challenger for the perpetual chal
lenge cup on Saturday. Robert Vin
cent's yawl Iola was second and C. E.
Clark's yawl Gypsie third. W. Rosen
feld's sloop Jessie E., sailed by J. T.
Carrier, did not finish.
The preparatory gun was fired at 12
noon and the starting gun at 12:10 p.
m. It was a flying start, the yachts
crossing the line in the following or
der: Gypsie, Iola, Jessie E. and Thel
ma. The course was across a line
drawn from the southerly pierhead of
the Oakland broad gauge mole to a
stake boat anchored 100 yards off, to
and around Presidio Shoal buoy, leav
ing Goat Island on the starboard
hand; thence back to the finish, across
the starting line, leaving Goat Island
on the port hand. The sloop Jessie E.
sailed well, but her skipper, not wish
ing to gybe her with watersail set,
g;iv(j up the race. The yawl Iola finish
ed first, the sloop Thelma second and
the yawl Gypsie third. As it was low
water at Fort Point at 2:15 p. m. the
race was sailed wholly on an ebb tide.
A moderate but not strong breeze
blew steadily and the water was
smooth. The race was under the
management of A. Vekander of the re
gatta committee of the California
Yacht Club. The yawl Iola was
srratchboat; but, though she finished
lirst, the race went to the sloop Thelma
on time allowance. The details are
shown in the table:
Totals 153
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 4,
The Alameda cricket team succeeded
in drawing the rnatch with the San
Francisco County eleven yesterday on
the grounds at Alameda. Going to the
wickets first, the San Francisco County
team scored 153 runs, the chief con
tributors being H. B. Richardson (59).
H. Roberts (25) and M. Eubanks (24).
Richardson's score included one 5 and
eight 4's. Harold Ward and W. G.
Fortmann were the most successful
bowlers, the former taking 4 wickets
for 36 runs and the latter 3 for 36. H.
Roberts kept up his wicket for nearly
three hours and proved a valuable help
to his side.
When eight of the Alameda wickets
were down for 101 runs and only twen
ty minutes of play remained, it became
evident that the San Francisco score
could not be beaten, , and the Alameda
batsmen played for a draw. Ward
went in to hit, but after one or two
narrow escapes, was caught, having
made only 7 runs. Fortmann hit free
ly, but was bowled when his score
stood at 14. All depended upon Ben
nlon, who, by taking all the bowling
and playing coutiously, kept his wicket
up. making 18 runs. Time was .called
when the Alameda team had scored 137
runs for nine wickets. The details fol
low:
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
E. M. Petersen. c. Croll, b* Fortmann..:.. 2
A. C. Chadwiek, b. Fortmann 3
H. B. Richardson, c. Ward Jr., b. Fortmann 50
H. F. Pepys, c. Stahl, b. Wara Jr 1
H. Roberts, b. Stahl 25
W. E. Rooker. b. Stahl 8
M. Eubanks. b. Croll i 24
E. G. Sloman, c. Foster, b. Ward Jr 5
H. Dlxon, c. and b. Ward Jr 8
i". W. Irish, c. Croll, b. Ward Jr 3
W. R. Stewart, not out 7
Byes 4, leg bye 1, wides 2, no ball 1 8
Runaway Actress won the deciding
course yesterday at Ingles.lde Park in
a spirited' trial with Van Alba. The
latter showed Improved form since last
battling for honors on the field.
Doreen beat Lily Wright, the former
getting the flag, owing to the favor of
the hare. The score was 9 to 7. ' Aa an
outcome of this trial the same pair will
come together two weeks hence in a
match, the best three out of flv.e. The
owners put up $100 each and the asso
ciation will add $50.
The surprise of the day was the de
feat of Pasha. Pleasant, the 1 to> 5
choice, by Gunfire. The score was 8
to 1. Balendine rewarded his fanciers
by winning at 3 to 1. Aggie W and
Golden, Fortune won at the same Drice.
The day's results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow;
Second round — Balendine beat Tobasco Bob,
4-0; Young Mountain Belle beat Real Duchess,
6-0; Icellus beat Young Johnnie Rex, 5-2; Gun
fire beat Pasha Pleasant, 8-2; Monbels beat
Our Myra, 15-9; Boots beat Eagle Bird. 5-3;
Reta S beat Trlxey, 6-3; Belfast beat Master
Rocket, 17-12, time 3 minutes 1 second: Eagle
beat Rich Array. 3-2; Doreen beat Ltly Wright
9-7; General Fremont beat Magic Stuff. 11-9;
Young Kerry Pippin beat Frisky Boy, 10-5;
Queen of Victory beat Donnybrook, 12-7; Run
away Actress beat Lucy Glitters. 12-6; Misa
Brummel beat Forest Fire, 14-8; Imperious
beat Gallant Glancer, 21-9; Van Alba beat
Lady Russell, 4-2; Rolling Boer beat Old Iron-
Bides, 16-8; Golden' Feather a bye. Ragged
Actor withdrawn; Wedgcwood beat Jessie Dear.
18-3; Aggie W beat Red Rock, 6-3; Pepper
Jack beat Lucky Shamrock, 4-0; "Prometheus
beat White Stockings, 6-0; Humbug beat
Golden Light, 8-6: Golden Garter beat Princess
Savoy, 17-6; Foxhunter beat Daisy D, 12-10;
Golden Fortune beat Fenii, 4-2; Sofala beat
Haddlngton, 17-12.
Third round— Young Mountain Belle beat
Balendine, 10-5;- Icellus beat Gunfire. 3-1;
Boots beat Mon bells, ; Rita S a bye, Bel
fast withdrawn: Eagle beat Doreen. 5-0; Young
Kerry Plppen 'beat General Fremont, 16-11;
Runaway, Actress beat Queen of Victory. 8-4 ;
Imperious beat Miss Brummel, 12-7,. 2 minutes
38 seconds; Van Alba beat Rolling Boer, 8-6;
Golden Feather beat Wedge wood,- 4-2; Aggie
W beat Pepper Jack, 3-0; Prometheus a bye.
Humbug withdrawn; Golden Garter beat Fox
hunter, 3-2; Golden Fortune beat Sofala, 3-0.
Fourth round— Young Mountain Belle beat
Icellus. , 10-0; Reta S beat Boots, 14-2, time 3
minutes 23 seconds; Eagle a bye. Young Kerry
Plppen withdrawn; Runaway Actress a bye.
Imperious withdrawn; Van Alba beat Golden
Feather, 3-2; Aggie W beat Prometheus., 12-6;
Golden Fortune beat Golden Garter, 5-4.
Fifth round — Young Montana Belle a bye,
Reta S withdrawn; Runaway Actress beat
Eagle. 3-1; Van Alba beat Aggie W, 9-6;
Golden Fortune a bye.
Sixth round — Runaway Actress beat Young
Mountain Belle, 12-0; Van Alba a bye, Golden
Fortune withdrawn.
Deciding course — Runaway Actress beat Van
Alba. 5-1. - .
A hare which developed as much
energy as he could have shown on his
native heath on the Merced plains up
3et the calculations of the form play
ers-yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
He was drawn in the semi-final
rounds by Pocatelli and Belle Free and,
fleet as they are, they could never
break him down. The trial lasted 2
minutes and 29 seconds and ruined
Pocatelli's prospects for the open
stake. He was withdrawn and the
Ion? end of the purse went to Hap
hazard by default.
The latter did not fare much better
than his -opponent, running 2 mlmites
and 7 seconds in the seml-Ilnal. •
Full Moon, the 1 to 3 choice, was
beaten in the third round by Royal
Friend by a fluke, the hare breaking
away from him. McVey, at 1 to 6 in
the betting, was beaten by "Wattles.
James Sweeney showed a puppy of
promise in . Rocked Asleep, which won
the baby event handily. The son of
Rocker was high in condition but bad
no difficulty in leading the various dogs
he met. The day's results, with Judge
P. J. Reilly's official scores follow:
Puppy, stake — Creole Belle beat Fre« Erin,
4-1; Earl beat Son of Erin. 8-2; Rocked Asleep
beat Stlngaree. 10-1; Blaze beat Garadlce. 6-1;
Angrus Cissus beat J R, 12-2; Flower Girl beat
The Duke, 4-1; Ina Clsnus beat The Delta, 9-5;
D R beat Pasha King, 6-0.
Second round — Earl beat Creole Belle, 8-2;
Rocked Asleep beat Blaze, 8-0; Angus Cissus
beat Flower Girl, 3-2; *D R beat Ina Cissus,
4-2.
Third round — Rocked Asleep beat Earl, 4-3;
Angus Cissus beat D R,< 9-6.
Deciding course — Rocked Asleep beat Angus
Cissus, R-3.
* Open stake — Racing Auto beat Dear Gaston,
12-3; Amandan beat Aurella. 3-0: Rector a
bye. Mountain Belle withdrawn; Frlsvo Lad
beat Cubanola, 11-2; Pocatelli beat Our Motto.
10-4; Charter Member beat Hudson, 5-1; Raby
Aurora beat Remlsso Anirao.-fM; Vandal beat
Renegade Apache, 5-3; Conroy beat Silver
Cloud, 4-3; Carlow Boy beat Lord Brazen, 6-4;
Richard Anton beat Sacramento Boy, 4-3;
Aeolus beat Rapid Water, 11-5; Gold Chain
beat Pagliacci. 5-0; Belle Free beat Orsina, 7-1;
Ruby Sankey beat Texas Jill. 7-4; LLC beat
Siren, 5-0; Free From Flaw beat In Time, 9-4;
Texas Mamie beat Money Mu»k, 12-4; McVey
beat Liberator, 9-S; Wattles beat Semproniiis,
6-4; False Alarm beat Rose of Gold, 6-0; Hon
est John beat Young Klamath, 6-0; Haphazard
beat Mr. Zignego 4-2; Palo Alto beat General
Dewet, 3-0; Tom King beat Home Boy, 9-3;
Mickey Free beat Duhallow, 3-2; J K H beat
McHenry, 17-3; Galveston a bye. War Eagle
withdrawn; Sea Lion tieat Tralee Lass, 6-1;
Royal Friend beat Sunny South, 6-0; Full
Moon beat Merry Go Round, 6-4.
Second round — Racing Auto beat Amandan,
7-6; Rector beat Frisco Lad, 10-1; Pocatelli
beat Raby Aurora, 5-4: Charter Member beat
Vandal, 5-2; Carlow Boy beat Conroy, 5-2;
Richard Anton beat Aeolus. 11-1; Belle Free
beat Gold Chain. 5-0; Ruby 8anky beat L L
C, 5-1 ; Texas Mamie beat Free From Flaw,
6-5; -» Wattles beat McVe>%. 8-5: False Alarm
beat' Honest John, 5-3; Haphazard beat Palo
Alto, 3-0: Tom King beat Mickey Free, 4-3;
J B H beat Rocker Arm, 10-4;. Sea Lion beat
Galveston, 7-0; -Royal Friend-beat -Full-Moon,
7«6. •- ¦ ' ¦ : , .¦: * •-'.<¦•-
Third round— Rector beat Racing Auto. 8-7;
Pocatelli beat Carlow Boy, 10-2; Richard An
ton beat Charter Member, 6-5; Belle Free beat
Ruby Sankey, 0-5: Texas Mamie beat Wattles,
5-2; Haphazard beat Honest John, 6-0; Tom
Kins beat J E H, 4-2; Sea Lion beat Royal
.Friend, 4-2.
Fourth round— PocatelH beat Rector, 3-2;
Belle Free beat Richard Anton. 5-3: Haphaz
ard beat Texas Mamie, 9-6; Tom King beat
Sea. Lion, 18-5. /
Fifth round — Pocatelli beat Bell* Free, 16-5;
Haphazard a bye. Tom King withdrawn.
Deciding course-— PocatelH withdrawn. Hap
hazard wins by default.
for Two Weeks Hence
Owners of Lily Wright and
Doreen Decide on a Trial
Overland Park Property
With Ed Gaylord He Has
Been Negotiating for the
Wearers of Blue and White
Successful in Keeping Up
Wickets Till Call of Time
San Francisco Has Men on
Bases Frequently, but Is
Unable to Locate Curves
Time Allowance Gives Sloop
Sailed by S. S. Marshall a
Lead of Seventeen Seconds
Defeats D. B. Faktor in Fifty-
Shot Competition by the
Margin of Seven Points
FAIL TO HIT SAFELY
James Sweeney's Futurity
Candidate Easily Carries
Off Puppy. Stake Honors
ALSO WINS A MATCH
CLARK MAY BUY TRACK
SPECIAL MATCH IS MADE
BEXNION SAVES GAME
TOLA FINISHES FIRST
ROCKED ASLEEP SCORES
Three Boats Complete Course
in Annual Race for Trophy
of Oakland Club Yesterday
In Trial With Belle Free
Up-Country Dog Runs
Nearly, Three Minutes
Makes a Score of 232 Points
in a Re-entry Contest of
the Golden Gate Club
Eeaches Deciding Course at
Ingle'side Park and Then
Loses to Runaway Actress
Umpire McDonald Calls Balk
on the Giant Collegian
Forcing in the Only Run
Alameda and San Francisco
County Elevens Take Part
in Excitingly Close Match
Those Who Knew Their Bus
iness Put Away a Little
of the Public's Money
DENVER BOOKIES
ARE SCATTERED
VAN ALBA RUNS
IMPROVED RACE
THELMA TAKES
WALLACE CUP
OVERALL FOOLS
UNCLE'S TEAM
HARE DEFEATS
FAST POCATELLI
MASON SHOOTS
IN GOOD FORM
CRICKET TEAMS
PLAY A DRAW
YACHT THELMA CARRIES OFF HONORS IN WALLACE CUP RACE
THE V S AN FRANCISCO CALU MONDAY, JULY 11; 1 904:
11
CALIFORNIA TACHT CL.UB-
- WALLACE TROPHY
RACE. 1804
TACHT
El
a*
3-
2 t H S O
¦a? aa sf >3 3|
P! Pi ?! f »i
: | : : ? \ -.
I
1 Feet, i
-l 1 1 -i 1
IH. M. S.iH. M. S. H. M. S.|H. M. S.|H. M. S
.
-{— 1 1 1
Gyps
Iola
Jpssit
Their
ie
>"e*. ...
na .
| 2».74
36.80
"xi'.2l
(12:10:00! 2:43:00] 2:33:00
12:10:00 2:21:45 2:11:45 | 2:11:45
. 12:10:00 • |
12:10:00! 2:25:15 2:15:15 0O:03:47| 2:11:28
r.n.s
CALIFORNIA TACHT CL.UB-
- WALLACE TROPHY
RACE. 1804
TACHT
El
a*
3-
2 t H S O
¦a? aa sf >3 3|
P! Pi ?! f »i
: | : : ? \ -.
I
1 Feet, i
-l 1 1 -i 1
IH. M. S.iH. M. S. H. M. S.|H. M. S.|H. M. S
.
-{— 1 1 1
Gyps
Iola
Jpssit
Their
ie
>"e*. ...
na .
| 2».74
36.80
"xi'.2l
(12:10:00! 2:43:00] 2:33:00
12:10:00 2:21:45 2:11:45 | 2:11:45
. 12:10:00 • |
12:10:00! 2:25:15 2:15:15 0O:03:47| 2:11:28
r.n.s
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B/i^ BEER
¥/ "Bottled Goodn&c/T
S"l% Faith 'tit on honett quality."
Quality talk should be backed by "the
good*. 1 * BIaU Brewery was founded ia ths
early forties. Blatz quality it almoft
traditional. Every bottle it full of quality
argument- The "Blatz" characterutio
are all rounded up ia the "Wiener.**
Aikforit dowm towa. Send a cue home.
SAM BIBO ft CO.,
Wholesale Sealers, 312 Battery St.,
TeL Mala 5859. San rranclico.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
612O KRAHSnr ST. KstablUhed
in 1834 for the treatment "f Private
Dlwiwes, T^wt Manttwrxl. TJetoflity ur
ilweas" tvearinfnn body anil mind And
3ktn Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fail. Try h»n». rharteslow.
4nre*canraatred< CallorwrlM.
Dr* 4* *• UXBJBOA, Sau Fraao*w», CatTrapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia,
JUruggists. COc flask. Klchard'& Co., 106 Clay.*
Burnett'* i Vanilla ': Extract; useJ
and highly Indorsed by all leadtnx hotels. •
• James Irving, a coachman, employed
by Dr. von Hossmann, was thrown
from p light wagon- at- the corner of
Grove 'Street, and Van Ness avenue
yesterday afternoon and sustained a
Injured in Runaway.
If you are going to World's Fair get cbeap
rate and go via* Northers ¦ Pacific Railway and
Yellowstone - Park. Ask about It. T. K.
STATELEK. . General . Agent. M7 Market «C.
San ¦ Francisco. • ¦ "
Cheap Rates East.
All young men who' contemplate \ reg
istering in the educational • department
of the Young i Men's Christian , Asso
ciaticm for the summer term I are urged
to be. present at the association -build
ing this evening for the opening of the
summer term in * the r Day and : Night
Business College of the association,"
The studies will cover all '¦'• commercial
branches in both day and night classes.
School Term Begins To-Night.
Mystery Surrounds Woman's Deatli.
Mrs. Annie Craven, the wife of Rob
inson Craven, an ironworker 'residing
at 1829 Tenth avenue South, died at
the City and County Hospital yester
day afternoon from an unlawful opera
tion. The Coroner took charge of the
tody and had the remains removed to
the Morgue. An investigation is being
made by the police of the Mission dis
trict. ' .
Burglar Says He Is Insane.
Thomas Lewis, a sailor, who claims
he is an escaped lunatic from Middle
town, N. Y., was. caught- last night
robbing tb.e room of Fxank Grimm,
317 Stockton street; He was lodged
at the City Prison on a cnarge of burg
lary. The man gives no indication of
being insane. Policemen -Robl and
Ware made the arrest
Arthur Gourley, the well, known lum
ber man of Chicago, is at the Palace. .
'¦. W.'.H.. Brevort, a well known min
ing; man » of. New York, and' his wife
are registered at the . St. Francis.
George A. Woodhouse, J. H/;Trum
bull-and S. B. H.Henn of Chile ar
rived here yesterday and are' staying
at the St. ;" Francis. ,'
"Word has been received here that the
clty;is soon to be paid a visit by Prince
andi Princess "Abbar: Pacha /HaJim,
brother-in-law and pister^of • the Khe
dive of Egypt. They. are now 'attending
the- St. Louis Exposition- anoV from
thereithey purpo'se coming west^ as : far,
as San Francisco. ' ' "' '^SIsSSHB
PERSONALS.
• The Union Printers' Mutual Aid So
ciety .held" its thirty-first semi-annual
meeting yesterday • and < elected • the fol
lowing 'officer's' for the coming year:
• John Collins, president; C.Fisk.' first
¦vice president; ,Cv J. Treat," second vice
president; I J. Paul; Spencer' recording
secretary; G. H. Branch, financial sec
retary; H. «V. Riffel, treasurer;, J^ D.
La Ing. marshal ;• P. J. Cotter, guardian;
S. 1 T.' Sawyer, David Cooper, J. A: Snell,
W. J. French and-: H. T. VHammond,
board' of directors.', .. '¦ , •-.- ,.
.The report, of ;the treasurer t shows
that, the society has ' 56947 97 I to ,. its
credit. , The object of the society : is i • to
care for- its sick- ori disabled -.' members.
During the past six months', $490 ihas
neen'paid out in'sick benefits.^ The so
ciety physician received $141 10," r and the
druggist $4&> .. . •¦'¦i
Is- in the' Hands of; the
- .Treasurer.
A Good. Substantial Amount of Money
PRINTERS' AID SOCIETY
Kf. ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
The burglar coolly, went through
Hejmlich's clothing^and took $94 in
coin and a gold chain valued at $40.
Then he. asked Heimlich if ¦. that was
all, the money he had. Heimlich as
sured him that, he did not have a cent
more.
'•Now, let me tell you," said the burg-
Jar, "if you make the least outcry I will
return and kill you."
The door was- locked from the Inside,
and . the burglar . unlocked it, took out
the key, stepped out of, the. room and
closing the. door, locked It from the out
side,.so, that Heimlich could not follow
him. Heimlich remained quiet a
minute or two and then began to
pound on the door with- his fists and
shout for heln. A. C'Duboin, the land
ldrd, ¦•' opened- the - door .and S Heimlich
told him of- his experience. - > - .
The police were .notified- and Detec
tives 'Buriner arid Freel were • detailed
on. the. case. Heimlich described his
visitor as about v six feet- tall, but that
was all he could say about him. It Is
supposed that he must : have fcnown
that Heimlich had money In his posses
sion, aod "the s detectives are working
on that theory. " y..-
Fercnz Heimlich. a shoemaker, em
ployed at 1D12 Twenty-fourth street,
had un unpleasant experience with a
burglar early vesterday morning.
Heimlich lives at 608 Folsom street and
retired about midnight. Between 1 and
2 o'clock he was awakened by the noise
made by a man crawling through the
window, of his, room in the- hallway.
Heimlich asked the intruder what he
wanted, and before he could jump out
of bed the stranger was- in i the room
and pointing a revolver at Heimlich's
head told him .with an oath to keep
quiet or he .would blow his head off.
Heimlich looked Into the muzzle of the
weapon and assured the burglar that he
would not make a noise."
Upon conclusion *'of the. work of or
ganization Grand President Whalen ad
dressed the members j at . the "council . in
congratulation and wliht words of | en
couragement. ; Addresses,- were ¦ also
made by. Rev. Father- Guibert,- <S.iM.,
Grand Second "Vice President- Charles
G ] Willey. Grand Secretary t George A.
Stanley,; Grand Directors ,; Anton "Scar
and Anton Pilcovich, and^Ci Mr-Waage.
Thanks were voted to Anton ' Scar i and
Anton Pilcovich for their efforts : in ef
fecting the preliminary -organization
which led to the establishment of the
council. « • ; • • • • . • :
The council will hereafter meet on
the first and third Fridays 'of each
month at headquarters, ' 24 ""i Fourth
street. The next .meeting wlll>.be held
Friday evening, July 15. '¦".'.-. 'y-\
Joan of Arc Council of the .Young
Men's Institute j was organized yester
day at the headquarters, 24^Fourth
street. The members of .the new'council
are taken from the men of the congre
gation of the Church . of Notre Dame
lies Victoires, Rev. A. Hamet, S.- M./
rector. Prior to the organization of. the
council the grand officers of the insti
tute and the members assisted at- the
celebration of mass at 9 o'clock, Rev.
Joseph Guibert, S. M., celebrant.
At 10 o'clock the candidates assem
bled at institute headquarters and the
work of organizing the- council.^ was
conducted by Grand. President James
p. Whalen, Grand Second Vice^Presi
*dent Charles G. Willey. Grand; Secre
tary George A. Stanley. Grand Director
Anto Scar, Past Grand Director' Anton
Pilcovicli; C. M. Waage and William
Cuddy. . The' following ."officers were
elected for the ensuing term:/ Chaplain,
Rev. Joseph Guibert, S. M.; president,"
Charles D. Lowe; first vice president,
B." P. Lapachetr second vice' president.
Joseph J. Brouchoud; recording and
corresponding secretary, Amand Robert;
financial -.secretary, Joseph A.^ Gar'ris
sere; treasurer, Thomas Brooks; • inar
shal, Louis L.. Brouchoud; inside senti
nel, Louis piebels; outside . sentinel,-
I^mile Houpin; medical -examiner, "Dr.
Fabre Bajotte; executive committee,
Harjy Kelly, John Lalanne and , J. G.
Kohier. B. P.'Lapachet was chosen' as
delegate to the Grand Council- to con
vene in August, with Joseph. J. Brou
choud as alternate. B. P.« Lapachet
was made representative of the council
on the board of management -'of >'San
Francisco councils. ¦ . ' . V 1 * '
According to the .records of the
Morgue there were no bodies delivered
to the city, undertakers last week and
the records of the Almshouse show only
two and those were taken away from
the Institution on July 7. The officials
at the City and County Hospital could
not give any definite answer last night
regardinafthe number which had been
tuken . from there during the week. If
any. James Hagan Ms loud in his de
nunciation of his brother and Kelley
and insists that he will have them both
arrested this morning.
Dr. Ragan of the Board of Health
stated his attention had not been called
to the matter and he knew nothing of
an order -being issued to remove the
bodies and have them buried.
Kelley and' William Hagan have a
barn at the rear of the house occupied
by Mrs. Cassia, at 3620 Nineteenth
street, and outside of the barn the dead
wagon was standing last night, but
William Hagan had gone to San Ma
teo and his statement could not be
secured.
James D. Hagan says that to-day, he
will swear out warrants for the arrest
of his brother, William Hagan, and
John Kelley, for burying dead bodies
in ground belonging to James D. Hagan
and Joseph Hagan, his brother. Kelley
and William Hagan are the authorized
undertakers for the burial of the city's
dead. There is "a family feud over the
matter "and if James Hagan carries out
his threat there will .be some airing
of the undertaking business in the
courts. The whole matter is summed
up in the following statement from
Jcmes D. Hagan: .
Early in June the Board of Supervisors ad
vertised for bids for burylns the city poor.
The bids j were called for far ahead of the
usual time and no attention was paid to the
call. My brother William, who is a grave
digger by occupation, and John Kelley, the
man who was mixed up tn the charge of brib
ery against Ounther. pat in a bid for $o SO
for each body burled. They are not undertak
ers and. are not equipped for the work, but
the contract was awarded to them on the
statement that they had a cemetery In which
to bury the corpses. On Wednesday night
they took -three bodies to San Mateo and bur
led them, in the Sunset ground, which is
owned by my brother Joe and myself. Wil
liam telephoned to Joe and told him that
their permits had not been granted and he had
buried the bodies tn our lots, as he thought
it would be all right. Under the circum
stances Joe said it would be all right, but not
to do It asain.
¦ By Saturday afternoon eight bodies were
stored In an old barn, which William had
rented from some Italians S on Nineteenth
street, and the matter was complained ot by
the neighbors and the Board of Health ordered
them removed. . At midnight Kelley and Wil
liam Hagan took the bodies to San Mateo and
burled them in our lots, near where they had
buried the others. My brc'her Joe had for
bidden him to use our ground, hence I will
have them both arrested in the morning.
Forms a Promising and Very
Welcome A Edition to the
Young Men's Institute
Burglar Crawls -Through a
Window Into Bedroom 0c
<*ni)i<Ml by F. Heimlich
"WASHINGTON. July 10. — According to %
cablegram recetvad here, Fernan du Marth
eray. the Swl«s Minister here, has been
transferred from "Washington to Austrta-Hun
sary by bis Government.
James I). Hagan Threatens
to Have City Undertakers
Arrested for Using Lots
SCARES VICTIM
WITH REVOLVER
TROUBLE OVER
BURYING POOR
NEW COUNCIL
IS ORGANIZED
dislocation of the arm and numerous
abrasions of the body. Irving: was
driving a team of broncos, both of
which were not accustomed to reinu.
when a portion of the harness became
detached and the animals became un
manageable. The broncos, after throw
ing the »driver from the wagon, col
lided with a drug store window at
Van Ness avenue and Market street
and shattered it to fragments.
BAVARIAN MURDERED SOX OK HIS tSMPLOTUR \VD TRIUD TO KIT I
ENTIRE FAMILY. HIS VICTIM AND' INTENDED VJCTIMS ; ivn i LIAGRVM
SHOWING COURSE HE TOOK IN TRYING TO ESCAPE DIAGRAM
All who know Gerbersay that he is
frequently seized with' ugly moods.
Two months' ago he applied to War
rant Clerk Ward for the arrest of a
bartender at the Avalon saloon. On
being searched Geber was found to be
the owner of an ugly knife and a long
dirk. These were taken " from him at
the time and later he procured the
slungshot which was found in his
room. He denies that he owned, the
revolver with which he did the shoot
ing, asserting that he found it in the
Hartmann home. " The police believe
him to be an ex-convict. ¦ '
"They would not feed m^," asserts
the prisoner. "Then old Hartmann
called me names and attacked me. ¦ I
shot in self-defense."
Geber is held at the City Prison on a
murder charge. . . "
Clifford Anderson, a fourteen-year
old boy, who lives at 141" Hawthorne
street, heard the. first shots and rushed
into the front . yard ,of the Hartmann
place Just as Geber sent the bullet into
Charles' throat. The boy says that the
murderer tried to escape over a back
fence, but that his clothing caught.
Then he rushed into the street and
was run down by Policeman Tyrrill.
Geber is a Bavarian about 50 years
of age. For many years he has. been
a noticeable figure about * town. He
has a high philanthropic forehead,
restless brown eyes, a scraggy pointed
beard and long iron-gray hair -that
hangs over his shoulders like a mane.
He has practiced palmistry and phre
nology in the past and .has ridden
other hobbies, such as socialism, the
osophy and the nature :crazte. For' a
year he carried a banner along Market
street, for a ticket brokerage firm.
GEUKK HAS BAD RECORD.
Geber, with a vile . Imprecation,
straightened his arm and fired. With
a choking sob Charles Hartmann reeled
and fell dead on the threshold of his
home. The bullet pierced his throat,
killing him almost instantly.
The murderer ran up Third street,
still flourishing the pistol. As he
neared Howard street Policeman Tyr
rill called upon him to halt. Geber
only ran the faster'and turned into a
lodging-house at 153>i Third street.
Tyrrill followed closely upon his
heels and cornered him in a small
yard # in the rear of the lodging-house.
Here "a desperate struggle took place
between the brave policeman and the
murderer. Tvrrill clang to the revol
ver with one hand and managed to
draw his club with the other. Geber
had to be beaten into submission like
a wild animal. In the struggle for the
weapon the policeman's hands were
painfully lacerated.
The murdered youth was carried into
his home by his grief-stricken parents.
Medical assistance was summoned,
though Charles Hartmann was beyond
any help. His brother was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital,
where his Injured arm was dressed.
BOY WITNESSES SLAYING.
SON DIES OX THRESHOLD,
Young George staggered back as he
felt the sting of the bullet and Geber
burst through the doorway. With a
corse the enraged man struck the old
woman brutally across the face, knock
ing her to the floor.
Like a Malay running amuck, Geber
rushed through the house into the front
yard, waving the smoking pistol in his
hand. Here he encountered Charles
Hartmann.
After diseussingr the matter with his
wife and family Hartmann Sr. walked
into the outhouse and called Geber.
Geber hurried downstairs, and stand
ing in a narrow landing fired point
blank at Hartmann. The old man fled
in terror and his son George rushed into
the place. The plucky young fellow
slammed a door in the murderer's face
and held it fast. Quickly Geber fired
two shots through the \ door, one of
which pierced young Hartmann's arm.
The other narrowly missed Mrs. Geber,
who stood behind her son, screaming in
terror.
it." Young Hartmann told his father
of this incident, and the old man deter
mined to dismiss Geber.
FIRES AT HARTMAXXSR.
Grand Opera House.
The James Neill Company began the
second week of its engagement at. the
Grand Opera; House yesterday after
noon in> an . excellent production of
"Mr. - Barnes of New York." A big
audience was • present and 'attested • its
approval by frequent recalls and by
shouts of " laughter at the many good
points of the play. . Edythe Chapman
has' plenty of opportunity to show her
histrionic ability as Marina Paoli and
she 'played "that- role in a finished and
charming manner. Her magnificent
costumes caused a thrill of excitement
among' the" fair sex In attendance.
Mr.f Neill.' in the name part, ; has ¦- a
role much to his liking, and he" evi
dently enjoyed the: acting of it as much,
as' the' audience enjoyed, his really very
excellent " impersonation. '. ' . . .;
The fun-making of the "play mainly
developed upon Lillian Andrews as. the
flirtatious Widow. .Lady Chartris." . She
was ably assisted by Faye' Wallace as
the precocious Maud. This little -miss
is a. niece of the famous Lotta, and
has , much ¦ of that famous come
dienne's; style -'and ability.' Frances
Slossoh was especially fetching in the
railroad scene, when she • was trying
to get a sandwich to satisfy the rav
enous pangs of hunger. Donald Bowles.
J. W. Burton, Reginald Travers and
George Bloomquest. were equal to re
quirements of their respective roles.
Sheldon- Lewis was very strenuous in
Count Musso Danella.
'.'Mr. Barnes" will, run for the week.
Next Sunday Clyde Fitch's "The Cow
bow and the Lady" will be presented
in an elaborate manner.
The Orpheum bill this week pleases
bot,h. young and old. A collection of
first-class talent is on the" progfarhmp.
and all of the numbers bring response
from the audience in the nature of
bf-arty applause. Valerie Bergere opens
the week with the ¦ popular playlet.
."Billie's- First ¦ Love." The production
is a favorite and was gracefully .acted.
Henry "Keane sustained the role of Bil
lle Pa%. Maude Turner Gordon' played
Ozette. the French gayety actress. Miss
Bergere" will, conclude her engagement
with. ''His Japanese "Wife," which -will
begin Thursday afternoon and continue
during' the rest of the week.
George .W.- Cunningham and Geneva
Smith open in a clever acrftbatic sketch,
"A Perfect Paradise." They introduce
a trained dog. "Zero," and- the trio af
ford, an. abundance of fun. . Walter Le
Roy and Florence Clayton made a de
cided hit in an Irish comedy, "A Horse
on - Hogan," and Etelle and Babette
d'Arville. acrobatic singing girls, intro
duce many new features in their line.
Harry Seeback punches the. bag in a
fashion that would- bring .envy to pro
fessional pugilists. He entertained the
audience for many minutes and his
work was out of the, ordinary line.
Green and Werner, as babes of the
jungle, are, heartily encored. Glllihan
and Murray, singing and dancing come
dians, continue to j do ; excellent work.
The : Leigh brothers, acrobats, and the
motion pictures, all of which are new
and. interesting, complete the show.
For two acts one saw no reason why
they shouldn't. Though the comedy is
not a political satire, . nor indeed a
satire of any sort; It Is bright, original,
amusing — for two acts and part of the
third. The people in it are live people.
The situations are possible and neatly
posed. The action Is quick, the dia
logue bright, and above all 'these is a
fresh. Western, tone to the piece that
comes with- agreeable pungency to the
jaded appetite. % The Honorable John
North is a Seattle politician running
for Governor, and a divorced man with
a second wife, with strong prejudices
.against divorce,, and whom he has
therefore kept in ignorance of the fact.'
He* returns from' a successful campaign
to find his first wife installed as French
teacher to his second wife's daughter,
and with a pretty. blackmailing scheme
for fiis own annoyance.
. .One is plunged without ado into the
heart of the story, that goes - with a
swing until the third act. The author
has prepared for the disaster, however,
by giving the adventuress an impossi
ble pretended son in the act before.
This son, a Chimmie Fadden sort of
chentleman, hides behind a piano and
plays a hoodlum Banquo at a banquet
in the good old conventional farcical
fashion, and Mr. Bashford becomes im
mediately unconvincing where he be
comes conventional. - New York looks a
long way off for "the honorable John"
during, this scene. Yet it were easily
redeemable— space alone debars me
from the essential suggestion. The
fourth act picks up again, and the play
as a whole leaves a distinctly pleasant
impression. The wholesale laughter and
applause last night testified to an un
common enjoyment on. the, audience's
part. ¦ . .¦;•.!
Mr. Stockwell has gathered a clever
company together for the production.
As John North he is himself ablv . hu
morous and convincing.. .Mrs. Belmour
is admirable as Mrs. North, and. Miss
Xevada Hefron is an excellent adven
turess. Charles Erin Verner as a French
Count looking for an heiress is delight
fully clever, and Miss Hannon. Louis
Belmour. Marion Drewe .and- Maurice
Hyde-Chick all deserve more than mere
mention. BLANCHE PARTINGTON. .
For two acts "The Honorable John
North" at the California last night
looked like "a' rattling success"-r-what
ever that may happen to mean. ' "The
Honorable John North" is of local
growth, a "political satire," in four acts
(per programme), .by Herbert Bash
ford, who . is well known to the local
magazine readers. I-.. R. Stockwell and
his company produced the play, in
which they have toured for some time,
and in which they hope to take New
York. " c :
"Mr. Barnes of New York'*
Capital Entertainment at
\the '•• Grand Opera-House
GOOD BILL AT 0RPHEUM
"The Hon. John North,"
by Bashford, Well. Played
by StockwelTs Company
Geber ate a hearty meal and went to
his room in a small addition to the
house, fituated in the rear of the dwell
ing. His Furlinoss caused Hartmann
fr. to discharge the fellow.
The elder Hartmann had been warned
against Geber !>y his son Joseph, who
v.orked with the man in the Hartmann
faint shon. The young man had no
tired a few day? ago an ugly looking
plu-pshot on Geber*a person. On being
asked why he carried the weapon
Geber answered. "Oh. 1 drive nails with
At about 9 o'clock he accosted Charles
Hartmann in the yard in front of the
houFP. "I want some breakfast, and
I want it now," he said, preceding his
demand with a foul oath.
Youn? Hartmann answered in a good
r.atured way. "Well, come ahead; you
can have mine."
The shooting occurred at the Hart
mann home, 321 Third street, where
G^ber has been obtaining board and
lodging as part payment for his work
at Hartmann's paint shop. Geber rose
early In the morning In a very surly
mood and attended.'to his work In the
ftables.
Because he was discharged from a
position that netted him $2 50 a week
August Geber, alias Schell, yesterday
tried to exterminate the family of £is
former employer, George Hartmann Sr.
One of Hartmann's sons, Charles, aged
19 years, was shot In the throat and al
most Instantly killed by Geber. An
other eon, George Hartmann Jr., re
ceived a bullet through the arm as he
tried to close a door upon the frenzied
murderer.
WESTERN DRAMA
WINS APPLAUSE
Frenzied Bavarian Resents Being Discharged arid Makes Attempt to
Exterminate Whole Family— Fires at- Father, Kills One Son
and Wounds Another — Brave Policeman Captures Murderer
ANGRY AT DISMISSAL, AUGUST GEBER
FATALLY SHOOTS HIS EMPLOYER'S SON
THE SAN -FRANCISCO -CALL, MONDAY, JULY H, 1904:
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COMPANY, GROCERS.
110 Fourth St.
Tel. Howard 1986.
NO LIQUORS.
We do not do all the business; tre
do some. We would like to do
more, and therefore offer you some
prices you ought to take advan-
TOMATO CATSUP, screw-top bottle
per bot. ,"«•
(Mother's Own Brand). Usually sold
for 10c and 15c bottle.
CALIFORNIA CREAM CHEESE....:^.
per 1U. lOc
Full cream. Reg. 15c lb.
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER i
per square 35c
(Monday only). Reg. 45c.
BEST EASTERN HAMS per lb. ISc
Sold elsewhere for 15c.
2 packages FORCE 25c
Reg. 15c package.
COFFEE. FRESH ROASTED.per lb. 1 5c
Ground fresh while you wait. Reg.
20c lb.
3 sacks SALT 5c
A few bales left. Reg. 5c sack.
KNOX'S GELATINE per pkg. lOc
Reg. 15c package.
12 bars DANDY SOAP 2oC
Good laundry soap. Reg. 6 for 23c.
PRESTO per pkg. 5c
It makes biscuit. Reg. 15c pkg.
POTATOES. BEST SALINAS BUR-
BANKS per 100-lb. sack S2.OO
Reg. $3.00.
freight paid on Order* of $5X0 and
Over to Points Within 100 Miles.
&Rt®ca£aAiwm>
Tij Perfect Fitting HpV
jQ> Eyeglasses ©
/-j At Moderate Cos! |\
V 642
tf% B H fl D^l Outfits. Guns. Amman!'
8 ¦ fia Vt IS fl n tion - Fishing am! Ouuns
H 11 tip**! 30 Goods. Tf-ru.H an.i grins t«j
>i ICwIhrS K " nt - CATALOG FREE
<^ ¦ 1 1 V 0 1 P " k ev e & ba r enr; co. .
7:«> Market «t..
- 521-Kearny «t.. S. F.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Zs the only enre for nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your Druxsist or at 598 HAIGHT 8T-
. ' . S*n Fraacuco, C*L
ADVESTISEVENTS.
. BQWEN
ESTIMATES FOR CRMPERS-ASK FOR ONE
It costs nothing to try Bee
brand Ceylon Tea — a trial
package free-sent anywhere.
MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY
Table Butter 2sq 95
2 lb squares full weight
TeaS-reg'ly 60c Ib 4*
Fresh fragrant all flavors but Bee Ceylon
Coffee-Guatemala 20
Rich flavor heavy body, reg'Iy 25c Ib
pure, fresh roasted 5 lbs 90
Coffee-Java and Mocha 37
A blend of the finest coffees obtainable
flavor unexcelled 5 Ib can 1.95
CatSUp-Blue Label pt '20
Piquant and appetizing, reg'ly 25c .,
Rovan Sardines- 125-2
With truffle and ni.kle, reg'ly 15c can
Guava Jelly-reg'ly 30c jar 20
Delicious Sandwich Island preserve
Tomatoes-Solid packed 22}£
Vacuum jar, reg'ly 2oc <
Salt-R- s. v. p. 15
Don'tjcake, keeps, dry, reg'ly 20c carton
Boned Chic ken-R-i R. 30
Reg'ly 35c, 55c can large 50
French Peas— Kg'iv 3o c 2 for 45
D.&G. extra fin delicious flavor doz 2-60
Kippered Herring 20
Moir's, reg'ly 25c can
New Maatjes Herring-this
season's catch.
Cream of Wheat 15
reg'ly 20c pekg
PlCkleS— Crosse & Blackwell, Chow
Chow, Gherkin's-mixed-onions. wal-
nuts, ipt reg'ly 25c " ' 20
Pt " 40c 35
qt " 70c 60
You pay the same price
here, sometimes less, for bet-
ter groceries than you get
elsewhere. We ship to
arrive safely anywhere.
Crackers-Assorted Wafers 20
All flavors but chocolate, reg'ly 25c can
Violet talcum powder
Mennen's, reg'ly 20c 15
Pocket Flasks j P t 55
Seal covered, reg'ly 75c, 85c , pt 70
Whisky-G.B.&Co. 3 f or 2.00
O.K. Bourbon, reg'ly |1 bot $4 gal 3.00
Burgundy-Mountain Vineyard 65
Rich, fruity red wine, reg'ly |1 gal
Beer-Everard pt 1.35
Brewed from Canada malt qt 2 10
regly $ 1.55, J2.33 doz
Cherries in Marasquin 50
Durand, French, reg'ly 55c qt bot
Gin-Dry-Old Tom 85
Good and reiiablr, regly $1 bot '
Distillers' Co., Ltd.
Port— California Extra 40
reg'ly 60c bot $2 gal 1#50
Scotch Whiskey 1.00
Very Old Special, made by Distillers'
Co., Ltd, reg'ly J 1. 25 bot
Brandy — California 75
The kind for brandied fruits 3.00
reg'ly Jl bot J4 gal
Arrived-another shipment
of New Crop Japan and Eng-
lish Breakfast Tea. It's so
much .nicer than old tea,
and costs no more.
Feather Duster 45
14 inch turkey feathers, reg'ly 60c
Felegrafo Cigars
Puritanos Finos box 100 reg'ly $$ 7.50
Bachelors :* *• $9 75Q
Rolands " " $12 iq.OO
Secure a .box of good
•.igars-— you'll enjoy them on
hat vacation trip.
426-422 piae su Phone PriT»te Exchange •
ia*-234 Sutler &U " " 7r ~T* 100
2^.19 California St. " West 101
Cut. IMx ud Clay St. Oakland, Pkone Maml ,
ADVEST1SEBCENTS.
• ¦ - . ¦ . ¦ — *
| HOSIERY, UNDERWEAR, j
S COLLARS, RIBBONS |
: AND HANDKERCHIEFS j
f • ' 2 «
| Specials This Week: S
© BUCK LACE HOSE RIBBONS , 2
2 Ladles' Imported Black An extra aualltu of Wash J
• '.LaceHosej eight different Taffeta Ribbon, full 4 In*. <
5 stules, all Hermsdorf due; wide, In shades of mue,*yj
•;.;-made with heavu spliced pink, tan, maize, cream, «
j heels and toes; alwaus sold rose, white and black, hflp *
o fop5OcpalPj present Qc ft marked, uard ZUb z
• price, pair... OOG I
2 RIBBONS S
5 CHILDREN'S HOSE 6-lnch Taffeta Ribbon so J
• 250 dozen Children's much In demand for mil-- "«
0 Ribbed Fast Black Cotton ilneru and neckwear, in J
• -Hose in both light and the following shaaess I
jj heayu weights; all sizes Champagne, new blue, J
e: rfrom 5 to 10; special nc 0 nayu, reseda, pink, wnJte J
• yalue, palp Zub and cream; now, Qn n «
• uard OUb J
• LADIES' BLACK HOSE RIBBONS I
2 LalTe5?° Z lmpopted 'mack 750 nieces All-Silk Bpll- J
2 Couon HoS. D °Bl hep pan J^nfc^^^^??; I
2 orp-ibbed, with white soles IH^^t^pnV. 1^ 6 ;
2 or while feet; extra nc 0 J?^! 11 ?,?^ 111 shal6SJ Sflfi %
•¦Talue for, pair ZOC P rIce * Bl8Ce JUb *
1 LADIES' UNDERWEAR j ¦ ST0C^ C0L]^ RS J
• , Jf , ¦¦; „ A new shipment Just pe- <
f- :v Ladles'Flne Lisle Vests, celved of Ladies 1 Embrold- S
• both plain and fancu uokes; erel Lawn Stock Collars; i
• •;-th3se we have in pink, there are atout 25 differ- J
S biue and white; each en p en t stales in the lot; ic o t
•^••-- "Ub pnee, each I3G j
| HANDKERCHIEFS HANDKERCHIEFS «
g Ladles' Demi Laundered 250 dozen Ladles' Pure <
§ and Embroidered Sheer Linen Cambric and Sheep f
0 ,- Linen Handkerchiefs in Linen Hemstitched Hand- J
• . ten different stales; spsc'al kerchiefs; all #-lnch Ol «
g $1.80 and $3.00 dozen, hem; dozen ol J
fiS I
2 Rlnvo« LincnMesh *
0 Assort- Jl/f^ j/tCr***^ »toek 5
9 Gloves -^^^^^^Sv^^y wear. C
9 " Tot m
o White. WhlcH S
1 ¦£»*¦ Ml to 121 Post Street w *^: I
'2''* -Color*. ¦ A?ent3. 0