Steamshlp Pak Ling Not Seized.
'LONDON, July 2L— The officers* of the
China Mutual Chinese Navigation Com-
ST. PETERSBURG, July 21.— The
most sensational bit of news from the
front is the dispatch from Liaoyang,
dated ,July 20. reporting a persistent
rumor ' that . the . Japanese have broken
through the. Russian left" wing, be
tween the positions of Lieutenant Gen
eral Count Keller and General Ren
nenkampff, and are marching upon
Mukden.
The report received from General
Kuropatkin bearing 1 . the same data
Does Not Believe Japanese Have
Turned Knropatkin's Flank. vV
RUSSIA DOUBTS REPORT.
Further but. incomplete details of
General Keller's attack at Motlen
Pass on July S 1 7 \ show that the flght
lasted all day. and .was a bloody, af -
says that there has been no change of
importance in the situation and a close
study of the dates^ shows that the ru
mor probably referS'to the Japanese
advance I against General Rennen
kampff on the Northern Samaitsza-
Llaoyang road, when they drove the
Russians back as far as Houtslatze,
twenty-six miles . east , ofLiaoyang. A
later dispatch shows that General
Herschelmann commanded this de
tachment of General RennenkampfE's
cavalry and that he turned and took
the offensive, subsequently compelling
the Japanese to retire in the direction
of Slkevan." " ":,V-?d
DOG CATCHERS ARE THE
CAUSE OF FATAL RJOT
Several Are Injured in Fight Fol
lowing an Attack on Two
Poundmen.
CHICAGO. July 21. — In a riot grow
ing out of an attempt to take a dog
from a Maxwell-street tenement house
to-day Policeman P. Lillis was fatally
injured with an Icepick. Edward
Stearchy and Mathew Werll, dog
catchers, were knocked unconscious
with stones and Wolf Kalford, David
Harr"s and Isaac Cohen received bul
let wsunds in the legs. The disturb
ance was quelled after a detachment
of fifty policemen had fired two vol
leys it the crowd which had gathered
and vere attacking the dog catchers.
EX-SENATOR VEST IS
IN CRITICAL CONDITION
Health of Missouri Statesman Is
Failing Rapidly and Friends Fear
the End Is Near.
SWEET SPRINGS, Mo., July 21.
Ex-Senator Vest is in a critical condi
tion £nd his closest friends say there
Is but little hope for his recovery.
His tr.ind is clear, but his strength is
faillig rapidly each day. His son and
daughter are not here, but they have
been summoned and will arrive soon.
Nnr Italian Minister to Toldo.
CIJT OF MEXICO. July 21. — Count
6e "Vinci, the Italian Minister to Mex
ico, haa been appointed Minister t*
Drouth in Arizona Is Broken.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., July 21.— The pe
riod of drouth here, which had lasted
since last September, • was partly,
broken by a storm which commenced
last night, accompanied "by thunder
and lightning and then settling down
t« a gentle rain, which continued until
this afternoon. Had the dry weather
continued a month longer many stock
men would have lost their entire hold-
Iocs.
Sp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS. Tenn, July 21.— Mayor
Williams to-day replied to the request
of the Commission of Public Safety
that he close gambling-houses as fol
lows:
"Understanding in the above aues
tion the term 'gambling-houses' to
mean gambling of all kinds and at all
places for money and for things of
value, I beg leave to state that, in re
sponse to what I belig^ to be the de
mand of the public, asTit' present in
dicated fey press and pulpit, I will do so
to the best of. my ability."
For the . same reason the Mayor
promises to see that the saloons- are
kept closed from midnight to 4 o'clock
in the morning.
Four of the alleged murderers of
deputies appeared for trial in the
Criminal Court to-day, Harry Keene
of New York, the fifth man. being ill
with appendicitis. The State elected
to try the Indictment against George
Honan and Congressman Patterson
asked for a change of venue, which was
refused by Judge Moss. A motion for a
continuance was then made, which
also was denied.
War News Continued on Pas© 2.
ii VLADIVOSTOK, July 21. — Work on
the fortifications Is being actively
pushed and 'everything Is In__a state
of preparedness. The troops are anx
iously awaiting the appearance of the
Japanese.
Vladivostok Awaits Attack.
NEWCHWANG, Tuesday. July 19.—
Japanese warships in the gulf of Liao
tung are stopping vessels carrying con
traband of war. They sank four Junks
off the Chinese coast. All of the crews
were lost. Other junks from Chefu for
the Kwantung Peninsula with rice have
been deprived of their cargoes.
Chinese Crews Lost as Remit of a
Japanese Attack.
FOUR JUNKS ARE SUNK.
pany deny the report circulated last
night that the steamship Pak Linic had
been seized by a Russian volunteer fleet
cruiser In the Red Sea.
WAR'S COST TO JAPAN.
WASHINGTON. July 2L— According
to an official financial statement Just
received by the Japanese Legation,
Japan's -war account up to this time
aggregates $360,000,000.
This fact is set forth in the fourth
Financial and Economical Annual of
Japan, issued by the Japanese Depart
ment of Finance. The publication,
printed in English and Including a
large number of colored charts, con
tains a mass of statistical informa
tion touching Japanese resources that
is without parallel in corresponding
publications In this or any other Eu
ropean country. One attractive feature
Is the concise and easily comprehend
ed statement of Japanese foreijrn debts
and a comparative statement of taxes
indicating the financial ability of the
country to respond to the severe de
mands of the war.
One little table headed "Details of re
ceipts and expenditures In connection
with the Russian-Japanese affair '*
places the expenditures on that account
at 576.000,000 yen, a yen being estimated
at about C2% cents American mon-y It
should be stated that this total includes
a reserve fund of 40.000.000 yen for
emergencies.
NO MORE JAPANESE RISKS.
SEATTLE, July 21.— Local marine
insurance agents to-day received ca
ble instructions from' London to ac
cept no risks«on ships or cargoes des
tined for Japan without authority
from London. This la considered a
suspension of the marine insurance
business to the Oriental belligerent
ports. The agents say It is the direct
result of the seizure of the Malacca.
But one American steamshiD is now
on the high seas from Puget Sound
•with a cargo for Japan. She Is the
Boston Steamship Company's vessel
Shawmut, which sailed July 16 with
15,000 tons of cargo, including 900.
000 pounds of canned beef from Chi
cago, billed to Kobe. The local agent
of the company declared to-day that
he did not fear the seizure of the ves
sel, as the cargo was consigned to
private Individuals and not to the
Japanese army.
Mrs. Rutter then departed for her
home, followed shortly by Rutter, who
stopped long enough to satisfy the cu
riosity of the crowd as to why the
fight had occurred, but cut his talk
suddenly short as a policeman ap
peared. Jealousy is believed to have
caused the affray.
NEW YORK. July 21.— The friendly
relations existing for ""years between
the family of Thomas N. Rutter, a
broker living at 477 Third street,
Brooklyn, and that of Arthur T.
Raynsford of 4S7 Third street, were
brought to an abrupt termination this
evening, when Rutter saw his wife
talking with Raynsford's brother, Len
Raynsford, a contractor, and proceed
ed to pummel him oji the street before
his wife and a crowd.
Rutter, returning from his business,
left a Seventh-avenue car at Seventh
street. As he alighted he saw his wife
with Raynsford, and, becoming en
raged, walked hurriedly to a peanut
vender's wagon, from which 'he ripped
a piece of wood. Then, rcfnning across
the street, he struck Raynsford on the
head. No words passed between the
three, but after four blows Rutter
dropped the short piece of wood and
went at Raynsford, striking him about
the face and shoulders with his fists.
Raynsford, from all accounts, was
taken by surprise, and it was some
minutes before he determined what to
do. Mrs. Rutter stepped back from the
two men and when Raynsford noted
this he gave Rutter several severe
blows on the face, sending him reeling
to the pavement. The men's straw
hats were knocked into the muddy gut
ter and were recovered by Mrs. Rutter,
who held them until/ the two had
parted. The fight was stopped by sev
eral friends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jnly 22. — The Standard
in an editorial this morning says the
admiral of the British Mediterranean
squadron has received his instructions,
and "if the Malacca is not voluntarily
surrendered she will be intercepted be
fore she can pass the Straits of Gib
raltar."
LIAOYANG, Wednesday, Jnly 20.-—
General Herschelmann yesterday suc
cessfully effected a reconnaissance hi
force In the direction of Sikeyan, dis
covering a large force of Japanese. He
held his position until evening and re
tired with slight losses.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 21. — The
Emperor to-day discussed with the
Governor General of the Caucausus
,the situation in connection with the
movements in Armenia of the Bourat
tribes. The Emperor also conferred
with the Governor of Irkutsk. There
appears to be a revolutionary move
ment hi each place.
LONDON. July 21. — Twenty guineas
per cent was quoted at Lloyds' to-day
for insurance against the outbreak of
an Anglo-Russian war within three
weeks. This is the rate which pre
vailed at Lloyds' on. the Russo-Japan
ese war three weeks prior to the out
break of hostilities.
"Heavy losses have been sustained.
The Japanese artillery has again shown
its superiority."
The scene of the fighting is not men
tioned by the correspondent.
LIAOYANG, Wednesday. July 20.—
The Russian Eastern army to-day at
tacked the Japanese on the opposite
side of the valley of the Liao River.
Lieutenant General Count Keller, after
a hard flght, compelled the Japanese to
retreat with great loss.
General Herschelmann on July 19
had a successful engagement, forcing
the Japanese to rapidly retreat on their
main force. The Russian losses were
600 men killed or wounded.
It is reported that General Kuroki
is suffering from malaria and that he
follows his army In a litter.
General Oku, It is rumored, has re
sumed his advance beyond Kaichou.
The Russians are expecting a battle.
LIAOYANG, Wednesday, July 20.—
News was received from Tatchekiaq
yesterday that the Japanese had
broken through the Russian left flank,
between Lieutenant General Count
Keller's position and that of Genera!
Rennenkampff, and that they were
marching upon Mukden. The rumors
to this effect are persistent, but there
is no official confirmation of th«»m.
LONDON, July 22.— According to a
special dispatch from Moscow, - the
Russky Listok of that city confirms
the report from Liaoyang that the Jap
anese have broken through the Russian
left flank and are marching on Muk
den.
LONDON, July 22.— A Russian cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph at
Mukden, under date of July 19, says:
"A fierce fight has been raging dur
ing the past two .days and continues.
The Japanese, who are superior in
strength, attacked with great daring
and coolness. The Russians are con
testing the ground splendidly.
"The Japanese flanking movement to
the east is the real cause of our retire
ment.
• In a dispatch from Washington sev
eral days ago it was stated that the
American Government viewed with
equanimity the searching of merchant
men in the Red Sea, as the number of
ships of American registry traversing
that water was so small that the men
ace to this country's merchant marine
was Insignificant as compared with the
Interest of old world powers. There
fore this Government did not Intend to
be drawn into any quarrel concerning
the right of belligerent warships to
search neutral vessels for contraband.
As a matter of fact, this right Is con
ceded, and the dispute between Russia
and other/European vessels arises over
a question in' which America has no
concern— the passage of 'the Darda
nelles by Russian volunteer steamships
and their subsequent conversion into
cruisers. The doubtful character of
these vessels has supplied the basis for
the protest sent by Great Britain to St.
Petersburg.
LONDON, July 21. — Tnere is reason
to believe that Great Britain Is ex
changing views with other powers re
garding the operations of the volun
teer fleet steamships and the hardships
thereby Inflicted on neutral commerce.
The State Department in Washington
particularly has kept informed of de
velopments. It is said in a responsible
quarter that the State Department is
giving especial attention to the legal
aspect of the question of the seizure of
contraband and it is believed Secre
tary Hay may consider that the dan
ger which menaces American com
merce passing through the Red Sea is
sufficient to warrant the issue of a gen
eral declaration respecting the attitude
of America, This would be 'welcomed
by the Foreign Office here, which be
lleves\the principles actuating America
are those it is striving to uphold.
England Would Draw United States
Into Red Sea Controversy. .
WANTS AMERICAN SUPPORT.
fair. The Sevsky Regiment rushed
eight of the Japanese guns with the
bayonet, but later was compelled to
abandon them.
A Russian detachment which cross
ed the Liao River at dawn on the
opening of the flght discovered a Jap
anese detachment under a hill dressed
in the Russian uniform and hailed the
soldiers in Russian as friends, but
when the Russians got within range
the Japanese -opened fire.
MILWAUKEE. July 21.— Justice Da
vid J. Brewer's address before the
Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance
Agents' Association to-day emphasized
the necessity of upholding in this coun
try the spirit of religious liberty and
education. He raid Jn part:
"I think that the time will come when
the people of the United States will
look back to the barbarous laws ex
cluding the Chinese as citizens as Mas
sachusetts looks back to the hanging of
the witches. America is the great com
posite photographer of nations, with a
duty to take all the various races of the
earth, with all the various element* of
these nations, and put them on the
canvas to make one picture, one race."
Justice Brewer Likens It to the Anti-
Witchcraft Crr>ade In Massa
chusetts.
DENOUNCES EXCLUSION
LAW AS BARBAROUS
Mayor of Memphis
Surrenders to
Citizens. I
Broker Rutter of New
... York in Street
WAR BULLETINS
Armies of Kuropatkin and Kuroki Battle and
the Russian Loss Is Heavy.
PASSAGE OF THE YALU: JAPANESE TROOPS CROSSING THE RIVER UNDER FIRE.
GAMBLING
HOUSES TO
BE CLOSED
PUMMELS
HIS WIFE'S
COMPANION
NEW YORK, July 21.->John D. Rocke
feller is now a director of only the
Standard Oil Company, of which he also
is president. He has resigned from the
corporations with which he has been
connected. In doing this Rockefeller
has followed out a. plan formed a yea;
•ago to withdraw from every other cor\
poration with which he has been coni
nected except the Standard Oil Com
pany and to give his attention wholly
to that. Just how much his course has
been suggested by fear of attacks now
being made upon him and others of the
Standard Oil ring by Thomas Lawson
can only be conjectured, but it Is cer
tain that he has now drawn in his lines
until he exercises directive powers in
but one great corporation.
John D. Rockefeller and "William
Rockefeller have both resigned from
the board of the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas Railway Company, their places
having been taken by Joseph Price of
London and F. N. Finney of Milwau
kee. This was the last company with
which John D. Rockefeller was con
nected, except the Standard Oil.
So quietly and so carefully has
Rockefeller carried out his" plans that
no effect of any importance has fol
lowed his limiting his activities to
Standard Oil. He is still a large stock
holder in many large companies.
Notwithstanding the fact that Rock
efeller has been quietly" getting out of
the directorates of all companies with
which he has been connected, stories
of his planning new and greater con
solidations have been of daily occur
rence. It is now known, however, that
Instead of plunging into new fields of
trust and monopolistic endeavor he is
so planning his business course as to
leave all work of this sort to his part
ners in the Standard Oil Company,
while planning his own career so as to
permit him to retire in a short time
to the enjoyment of the magnificent
baronial estate he has acquired at a
cost of more than J3. 000,000 In the
Pocantico Hills.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
BUTTE. Mont., July 2L— F. Augrustus
Heiaze and his agents are now charged
with having taken advantage of under
ground workings In the Minnie Healy
mine to loot the rich ore bodies in ad
joining mines belonging 1 to the Boston
«ii:d Montana Company. The value of
me auegrd plunder is placed a.% jd.tso,
000. in a suit that was begun in the
District Court to-day by the Boston
and Montana Company against F.
Augustus Heinze. the Johnstown Min
ing Company, the Montana Ore Pur
chasing Company and E. H. Wilson.
In the complaint it is stated that
the Colusa, Piccolo and Gambetta
mines lie adjacent to one another,
lormir.g one compact body of mineral
ground, and the properties are worked
as such. At a point In the earth the
three ore bodies unite and form one
large vein. The plaintiff Boston and
Montana Company claims the right to
the possession and ownership of the
three veins and the large vein after
the junction is formed, to all points
v.ithin the lines of the claims in the
dov. nward course of the ore bodies.
Prior to the time when Heinze pro
cured possession of the Minnie Healy
the mine had never been a paying one,
although it had been extensively pros
pected at an expense of many thou
sands of dollars by experienced miners.
The Boston and Montana Company
now claims that through the exploita
tion of adjoining properties the Minnie'
HeaJy has been made to pay richly.
Planning to Spend His Declining Years
at His Magnificent Pccantico
Estate.
Plaintiff Asserts That the Minnie
Healy Mine Was Made Productive
Through Foraging.
Alleged to Haye Looted
Property of the Boston
Company.
Resigns From Directorate ol
All Companies tout the
Standard.
Rockefeller Will Re
tire to a Life
of Ease.
Montana CopperKing
Is Sued for
$5,750,000.
OIL PRICE
WEARIES OF
HIS BURDEN
ORE THEFT
IS CHARGED
TO HEINZE
TOKIO, July 22, 1O a.m. — A fisherman reports that the Vladivostok squadron was off Miyako yesterday,
going in a southeasterly direction at a speed of ten knots. If this course and speed be maintained, the squad
ron will be off Yokohama late to-day.. The eastern coast of Japan is shrouded in fog. Shipping has been
suspended, awaiting the location of the Russian fleet.
VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON IS NEARING YOKOHAMA
AND THE JAPANESE SEAPORT EXPECTS AN ATTACK
TSB WEA.TSEa.
Forecast mad* at Baa Praa
elsoe fox thirty boors eafilaff
mlaalrat, July 82, 19041
Baa Praadsoo aad vicinity —
Cloudy rrldayj fretft wratHezly
winds. : , ,i.O. KcaJDIE,
District 7orecaster.
The San Francisco Call
* fTXB - TZZ3ATZ3S.
Alc&xax — Th.a Prltaaear of
ZeaOa."
Calif oral* — "A Tkorou* h.1jr«d
Tramp."
Central — "Bobert Emmet."
Columbia— "Cou*±a Zate" and
"Carrot*."
Chute* —^VandevUta,
Placier"! — "A Lucky Stona."
Giand— "T3i« Cowboy and t&a
Orplionm— VauflevUla.
TivoU—"Bobla Hood."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 52.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY; JULY 22, 1904.London Press All But Declares War
Upon Czar's Nation. -' ¦
THUNDERING AT RUSSIA.
LONDON, July 22. — The Odessa
correspondent of the Standard in a
dispatch dated July 21 says It is said
that the three Russian volunteer fleet
steamships now at Sebastopol hav.e
stopped coaling, awaiting further in
structions from St. Petersburg and
that "the privateering exploits of the
Smolensk and St. Petersburg are ap
plauded by the press."
Black Sea Vessels Await Instructions
•i"; ."'.,. From St. Petersburg. vc,"
SHIPS- CEASE COALING.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 22. — The
general tone of the newspapers this
morning, in commenting: upon the Ma
lacca incident, is calm.
The Novoe Vremya.says that appear
ances militate against the' belief that
the Malacca's cargo was intended for
the British arsenal at Hongkong. It
points out that the Malacca is now go
ing, before a prlzei' court,* which will be
able to determine the facts, and says:
"In the meantime the hurrying of
British warships to the East .will not
alter the cargo, nor will it transform it
from Japanese contraband of . war to
British ¦ property. It is hoped that
Great Britain will remain reasonable
over, the incident."
The Russ says: "If Great Britain
gives assurance that the cargo of . the
Malacca ; is Government property, we
can assume. that she will be . released."
The Novostl expresses surprise at the
storm raised over the stopping of. the
Malacca. It says that Russia was
merely, acting within her rights; that
Great Britain never hesitated to exer-
Hopes Great Britain Will "Remain
Reasonable Over the Incident."
RUSSIAN TRESS IS CALM.
ALEXANDRIA, July 21.— The Brit
ish cruisers Furious and Venus have
arrived here. The remainder of the
fleet Is expected in this port shortly.
VALETTA. Island of Malta, July
21.— The British cruisers Leander arid
Lancaster, accompanied by three tor
pedo-boat destroyers, left here during
the night to rejoin the Mediterranean
squadron. The cruiser Pyramus, the
torpedo depot ship Vufboii and the
torpedo gunboats Speedy and Harrier
sailed to-day.
Protest to Russia.
Naval Activity Follows Sending , of
BRITISH WARSHIPS MOVING.
TORPEDOES NEUTRAL VESSEL.
mits His Mistake.
Commander of Russian War Craft Ad-
TIENTSIN, July 21.— A letter was
received here to-day from Newchwang
saying that, the commander of a Rus
sian torpedo-boat had reported that
while in the gulf of Pechlli he had ac
cidentally torpedoed a British steam
ship. It Is surmised here that the ves
sel referred to is the Hipsang, now five
days overdue from Newchwang.. The
Hipsang belonged to the Indo-China
Navigation Company.
It is reported here that a heavy
bombardment of Port Arthur occurred
yesterday and heavy gun firing: was
heard at Newchwang: also.
Cossacks Earn Rewards for Bravery.
SINTSINTIN, Manchuria, July 21.
St. George - crosses and" medals for
bravery' were" distributed to-day to
Cossacks here who have returned from
the Korean raid, ,carrylngr thirty of
thejr wounded comrades about 550
miles.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 21.— Rabbi
Drabkin in an interview to-day assert
ed that ther* were 15,000 Jews fishting
Inthe Russian army In Manchuria.
Jews in the Russian Army.
FRESNO, July 21.— John Farry. who
forged the name of John Alken, a
newspaper editor of Selma,. to a checlc
f6r $14 85 on May 1*. was sentenced to
day _to two years' imprisonment in
Folsom. ~."- -,
Former Barry Is Sent to Folsom.
Mines Imperil Navigation.
TIENTSIN. July 21.— Lloyd's agent
tit Xewchwang telegraphs that nearly
every steamship arriving reports hav
ing seen mines and that navigation
will practically cease unless steps are
taken to explode them.
in the Red Sea.
ADEN', Arabia. July 21. — The Rus
sian volunteer, fleet vessels continue to
patrol this vicinity. They did not at
tempt to interfere with the steamship*
which passed here this morning. Ves
sels of the French line are allowed to
pass unmolested.
Are Not Molested by Russian Cniiser-
FRENCH VESSELS EXEMPT.
. PARIS. July 21.— The French Gov
ernment has taken the initiative toward
averting an Anglo-Russian crisis. Its
action Is not by the exercise of friendly
offices, but by a more effective means.
Foreign Minister Delcasse is making
friendly representations to Count
Lamsdorff, the Russian Foreign Min
ister. This from the ally on. whom
Russia chiefly depended Is expected , to
exert a. strong influence toward a ca
cific solution. The exact nature of Del
casse's representations is not disclosed,
but they are understood to contemplate
the release of the Malacca and suit
able redress..
Russia's answer Is expected to-mor
row. If It be satisfactory, the release
of the steamship probably will be fol
lowed by the payment of a money in
demnity. The French authorities are
doing everything possible to prevent
the affair assuming grave proportions.
Takes the Initiative- to Avert an An-
Elo-Russ-ian Crisis.
FRANCE ACTS FOR PEACE.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 21. — Gen
eral Kuropatkin in a dispatch to the
Emperor, dated July :J0, says there has
been no particular change . in his
sphere of operations.
"Last night," the dispatch says, "our
sharpshooters and Cossacks surprised
a Japanese outpost at thf village of
Khudianza, ten miles southeast of
Ikhauvan. Twenty-one of the Japan
ese were bayoneted. Those who
escaped were fired upon by mistake hy
Japanese who had come io their
assistance."
On. July 11 the Japanese fire from
the sea stopped and Japanese troops
ascended Kinsan Heights, from the
summit of which rapid fire guns were
used against the Russians. During the
evening of the Uth . the Russian bat
teries sent many shells from three po
sitions against the Japanese on these
heights. This fire was very effective.
Later the Russian reserves, accom
panied by bands of music, began a
movement toward Ludsigdao.
During the night of the ..10th sixteen
Japanese torpedo-boats formed for an
attack; they were, however, discovered
by the searchlights and retired under a
heavy fire froni the forts. At a later
hour that same0>tght a single torpedo
boat made for the entrance of the har
bor at full speed, but she also retired
under fire. Two Whitehead torpedoes
which had failed to reach the cruisers
at which they had been discharged by
the Japanese were found the next day
at the entrance to the harbor.
CHEFU, July 21.— Copies of the N T ovi
Krai, a newspaper published at Port
Arthur, including the Issue of July 11,
reached here this afternoon. According
to this paper the Japanese fleet, com
posed of six cruisers, five gunboats and
twenty torpedo-boats, was seen early
in the morning of July 10 to the south
east. At 8 o'clock in the morning part
of the Russian fleet moved to the en
trance of the inner harbor. The Japan
ese torpedo-boats then approached, and
at 10:30 they were fired on by the gun
boat Giliak and the cruiser Diana. The
Japanese vessels retired. At 5 o'clock
in the afternoon several torpedo-boats
again approached Port Arthur. The
cruiser Xovik, with an escort of tor
pedo-boats, advanced and the enemy
retired the second time. '
Admiral Edward Field, retired, speak
ing a,t a public banquet last evening,
said he believed that the Russian Gov
ernment was trying to drag both
France and Great Britain into the war.
"Do not let Russia play her game,"
he said, "but leave the matter to the
diplomatists. The Malacca Incident is
safer in the hands of Mr. Balfour and
Lord Lansdowne than in those of the
naval men."
The Times says If the report that
Russia has ordered the release of the
Malacca should be true, "it would be
hailed with profound satisfaction by
British public opinion, but it is clear
from Premier Balfour's statement that
no confirmation to this effect has yet
been received at the Foreign Office."
The Daily Mail says there is reason
to believe that the British garrisons in
the Mediterranean Sea will be strength
ened by drafts from the United King
dom, while several vessels will be sent
to the vicinity of the Dardanelles and
others to Port Said:
against the illicit inroads of pirates."
The significance of such language by
a paper so much In the confidence of
the Government and which has been
strongly in favor of an Anglo-Russian
entente can scarcely be overestimated.
The Standard also sees little abate
ment in the gravity of the crisis as a
result of the statement from St. Peters
burg that the Malacca will be released.
"Our dignity and self-respect." says
the paper, editorially, "demand that she
be released before she reaches the Bal
tic. The admiral in command of the
Mediterranean squadron has received
his instructions, tils cruisers are being
rapidly directed • to the proper points
and we presume that if the Malacca Is
not voluntarily surrendered she will be
intercepted before she can pass the
Straits of Gibraltar."
Touching the general question of the
Dardanelles, the Novostl says it la a
great hardship for Russia that a con
vention closing the Black Sea exists,
but the fact remain* that there is no
reason why it should not be altered.
It says it would be an excellent time for
Great Britain to display a friendly
spirit by moving to amend the London
convention of. 1841 and that it would be
unfortunate if her alliance with Japan
tied her hands in this direction.
cise her rights when at war and adds
that the right of search applies to all
neutrals.
Another cause for great apprehension
is the broader question of Russia's
right to send vessels of her volunteer
fleet through the Dardanelles. A strik
ing evidence that the danger of the
situation has not been mitigated in the
least, so far as British official i.nd pub
lic opinion is entertained, is afforded
by the Daily Telegraph, which -nder a
large heading. "An Acute Affair." de
clares that "relations between Great
Britain and Russia have reached the
state of an acute crisis, but behind the
incident of the Malacca is the far
lurger question of the status of the so
called-volunteer fleet. • •
"It has, we believe, been made clear
to the Russian Government that the
transformation -of . merchant ; vessels
passing through . the Dardanelles into
armed cruisers canjiot-.be .recognized
under any pretext whatever as justi
fying .Russia's interference with Brit
ish shipping. It is not impossible that
as. a concession. to Russian dignity the
Government may offer to permit the
Malacca to put . into some neutral
port.r where her- cargo may -be exam
ined and ¦ the statement verified jthat
whatever munitions she carried were
intended for the use of the British-
China squadron." :
In its editorial article the Daily Tel
egraph' becomes even more alarmistic,
declaring that '.upon response
to Lord Lansdowne "the issues of peace
or, wjar are staked." Continuing, the
Daily- Telegraph .eaya that only in the
event that Russia is preparing to ac
cept.'; the British' conditions on the
larger issuewould the Government, as
a -.'sop to Russian dignity," permit the
Malacca to be taken vto a neutral port:
'."The main question to be settled be
tween the Russian and British Gov
ernments, If we are; to maintain even
technical relations of friendship,"
says. the Telegraph's editorial, "is the
status of the Russian so-called volun
teer, fleet. The point, which has been
made clear to the Czar's Government
; by Lord Lansdowne is that Great Brit
&ing will not permit. a lightning change
from a merchant vessel to an armed
cruiser. In other! words, if these un
chartered libertines of the Russian navy
attempt to stop or search British ves
sels they will be called upon to desist
arid if they refuse to obey the demand
they will be fired upon and sunk. We
further understand i that the Ottoman
Government will take steps to prevent
the passage of the Janus-faced vessels
through the Dardanelles and in the
event of their evasion will notify our
Government of their departure. These
problems are altogether independent of
the war in the Far East. We are act
ing, and. shall continue, to act, not as
the ally of Japan, but as the greatest
naval power, protecting the highways
not appear in the British morning pa
pers. Special dispatches to a some
what similar effect from St. Petersburg
do not allay the alarmist views. of the
leading organs, which construe Pre
mier -Balfour's post-midnight an
nouncement that the Governm- - had
received no confirmation of the report
in the case of the Malacca to mean
that the incident remains unsettled.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 21.— The
scare yesterday over the Malacca inci
dent has given way to a calmer and
more rational view. The feeling is
held in official circles here, where an
exact knowledge of the, attitude of the
Government exists, that the case will
be speedily and satisfactorily adjusted.
The main difficulty is the excited state
of public feeling in the two countries;
but the Russian Government, under the
directions of the Emperor, who is per
sonally anxious to avoid grounds for a
quarrel, is apparently ready to meet
Great Britain in the most friendly
spirit.
To the Emperor primarily, but also
in "a large degree to Foreign Minister
Lamsdorif, is due the credit for re
straining the Chauvinistic spirit of a
certain element which talks lightly of
the possibility of war with Great Brit
ain.
The Russian position can be stated in
a few words. While not admitting that
the Russian captain seized the Malacca
without some warrant, Russia will ac
cept without question Great Britain's
assurance that the war munitions on
board the vessel were Government
stores bound for the naval station at
Hongkong and order the immediate re
lease of the ship. At the same time,
she will maintain her right to stop ves
sels , believed to have contraband of
war on board and detain them if the
manifests are not plain, as required by
international law.
Whether Russia will agree to discuss
the war status of the Red Sea cruisers
is not plain, but if Great Britain in
sists seriously she may offer to refer
this and other collateral questions to
The Hague tribunal.
It Is said that the Foreign Office was
not consulted regarding tho, interna
tional questions involved when the de
cision to send the vessels of the volun
teer fleet and convert them into war
ships was reached, but this cannot be
confirmed. The Emperor's brother-in
law, Grand Duke Mikhalovitch, who is
a strong reactionary and who is said
to have planned the cruise, seems to be
responsible for the present entangle
ment.
Nothing is ascertainable here regard
ing the reported pourparlers of the
powers on the general subject of.neuf
tral commerce, but that these are pass
ing is not considered likely.
The Prlnz Heinrich incident seems
certain of satisfactory adjustment.
There appears to be no desire on the
part of Germany to crowd Russia, that
country being convinced that any
wrong which may have been done will
be righted and that proper reparation
will be made. :.
•Lansdowne's Word That the Steamship Carried No Contraband for
Japan Will Be Taken as a Sufficient Basis for a Backdown.
Cossacks Surprise
an Outpost of
Japanese.
Port Arthur Ships
Repel Four
Attacks.
RUSSIA WILL YIELD TO ENGLAND AND FREE THE MALACCA
They- lived there in content until
their little boy passed away. Time was
f lowly mending the broken thread of
their happiness whpn trouble broke out
ngain and they were evicted as stran-
F'-rF. Another fight in the courts is at
hand.
A month away from his young wife
¦was all he was willing to stand, how
.er, and at the end of that period he
gathered up his belongings and return
ed to her. Within another month he
again absented himself from his wife,
and it was while she was wondering
end worrying that she was served with
a summons to appear and defend her
f-elf in an action brought by her hus
band's father to annul her marriage.
The case dragged along without the
appearance in court of either party to
the suit until February of 18&8, when
Mrs. Monnier filed her answer. The
case was called for trial and when the
young wife appeared to testify she
carried in her arms a pretty baby girl
two months old. She won her suit and
3-cung Monnier. for a time free from
the exactions of his parents, returned
to his wife. Another child, a boy, was
born to them, but-these two mites could
not stay the efforts of his parents to
part the young, couple.
Finally the young man deserted his
v-ife again and went to dwell with his
parents. His wife was forced to sue
him for maintenance, and after a lively
legal battle she won her suit, the court
awarding her the custody of her two
children and $30 a month for their sup
port. Then young Monnier's parents
yielded. Their son and his wife "and
children were taken into the Monnier
home on Folsom street.
RETURNS TO HIS BIUDE.
The married life of George and Violet
Monnier has been tempestuous, awing
to the interference of the senior Mon
niers. but their affection for each other
has never waned. In March of 1897
they were married. As a maiden, Miss
Henry was the belle of her set and
6oon after young Monnier met her he
proposed marriage.
She hesitated because they were un
der age. Yc-ung Monnier asked, his
father to consent to the marriage. The
father was obdurate, however, and de
manded that the son wait until he had
attained his majority. On the follow
ing day, the 4th of . March, 1897. he ap
peared at the home of Miss Henry
with a marriage license, to procure
v hich he had sworn that he had at
tained his majority. For a few min
utes the yc-ung lovers conferred and
then they left the house together.
Straight to Grace Episcopal Church
they wont and thefe they were united
in marriage by the Rev. Dr. Foute.
Leaving the church they enjoyed a
Eimple wedding breakfast, then re
turned to the home of the bride's par
ents. There they found a welcome and
for a month they lived there, not once
regretting the step they had taken.
Finally, however, young Monnier dis
appeared. At the earnest solicitation
of his parents, it was said, he took up
his residence on a farm near Calis
foga. ¦ , .-
L&st night the your.g ecruple occupied
apartments in a downtown hotel, but
to-day they will take action to recover
vheir place in the Monnier household.
STORMY MARRIED LJFE.
Another sensation has developed in
the stormy married career of Georse
• Monnier Jr. and his wife, Violet. -Yes
terday - afternoon this young couple,
¦» ith their little girl, were evicted from
•the home of George Monnier Sr., 231$
FolsuTn street, by the elder Mrs. Mon
nier. It was but one more violent
scene added to the many that have,
made young Monnier and his wife un
harpy ever since their wedding. -
After two legal battles they won a
Xoothold in the old Monnier mansion
and then they thought their troubles.
Tvere at an end. Last March they held
the funeral of their second child, a boy,
irom the old Monnier mansion, but
even this failed to soften the hearts
of the elder Monniers. The dislike they
ehowed from the first for the wife of
their son has' increased since that sad
incident. For several weeks the breach
between George Monnier Jr. and his
nvife on one side and his parents on the
other has been widening. Yesterday
it culminated when Mrs. Monnier Sr.,
through her attorney, George D. Col
lins, procured a writ of ejectment and
¦with the assistance of a policeman
placed the young people in the street
end removed their belongings to a
varehouse.
Secures Writ of Ejectment
Through Attorney and the
Battle Will Be Continued
PUTS YOUNG PEOPLE OUT
Mrs. Gteorge Monnier Sr.
Continues War Against
Her Daughter - in - Law,
MOTHER EVICTS
SON AND WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO., CALLY FRIDAY, JULY 22. 190J.
LQNDON, July 22.— The authoritative
assurances that . the Malacca will be
released, cabled by the press from St
Petersburg to the United States, do
2
' v
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Etorf. n 0 AtenU.
THERE MUST BE FEATURES
ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES
THAT INCITE ATTENTION
GOOD, SMART DRESSERS
HAVE PR0N0 UNCED
OUR NEW FALL MODELS
THERMOMETERS OF. STYLE
Kearny Street
T h u r 1 o w Block
" " - . ' ¦ '' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. • '.; ; V^^-'^^f; :..... *i .^T-
' ' ¦ * ¦•-'¦" ._!___: :__— _ —1 - '¦"-¦¦¦'-' i' •¦'.•' . ¦ - . -- ' ' • " • .¦¦• . ' •- ' j
¦Second- Week About to End . I
W^YW^mk /^^^Fi ... y night at io o'clock the second week of the greatest sale 1
W} SE^i *¦! that San Francisco has ever seen will end. By all means take advantage [i
K liy T"*^ of this 'sale— attend this Bargain Carnival and partake of the most stu- II
S^^i:^^^. t fcl P en rf°usi price concessions that we have ever been able to offer you. ||
i\^^ C:^l'^^^r^^^r^^^ =!5 U==4 ' W^f^0^^Mx^^i[M Here Ar'e the Rarcrain^t I ¦^^¦ffiuTSSuaiJt'K I ~
S\\ //J$\\ y^V^^^TK^^Ira jamas ana Underwear Still On. ¦• * | < IlVlt i /TlI W L11W XJ%XY | Jamas £d pSSrwJwr StUl&n. I: J
ilr4 ¥=^^^, E^mi/f^m Men's Department ; - . : Boys' and Children's Department If
W/A'l nFMTw 1 . tYauw. -*^[. ; '$i5.opr ; 'Suits;vnow Ur.iyJl'is.^.s::;^*'-'''' : '-*'"*-v&£0 $7 and $8.50 Suits. ....: $5-00. W\
H — ~" >Sj$\ ¦ ; ' " ~^l — i^ $32.50 and $35.00 Suits; now. $23-50 $25.00 Suits \ $1600 km!
M~\^^J^^^^m I I * Single and 'double breasted Sacks and Norfolks. ; _ Ages 8 to 16 years j .,
m WmW//M/ / /tw' cRE Ar CR5AT TftN $15 outing suits $10.00 $5'ooCorduroy°xorfoik m ?!!'.'.'.!'.!'.'.'.!'.'.;."!!!];!*.;;;; $3 - 75 m
M Wf//W'r$&/4 / /yS ALTERATfON ALTERATION § 2O Outing Suits :. $13-00 $7.50 Two-Piece Suits S5 00 TO
'i WfflWr^JfW SALE -5ALG _ $22.50 and $25. Outing Suits $16-50 ?5 and $6 Three-Piece Suits. *...!$3-50 M
W^^ l^Sr^ Our Special Sailor ' T.!'. "T $ 2 . 7 5 I
S^'^^So^S^^Sf^^^Z^Wli^ 5iS*o Overcoats «duced.i6 $10-50 g«[ jjjo Sajjora '. \ \ ! ! '/. ! V. V. '. \ " '. \ V. *.'. *. \ " " '.[ [[ \\ |||| i
|fe^ Y^|r^v\ $35-OO Overcoats reduced to {..........,.... $27-50 $0^0 Russian Blouse! V. V. '.'.'.'. '.[ Y.Y.Y. "/. ...'. \\ \\\\ \\ $4.25 [^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...ONE TRIAL...
Will convince yon that
RED DRAGON SELTZER
PERFECTLY HARMLESS
: • ' t
Is the Best Cure for
HEADACHE
XTtrvousaess. la Uaresticm. ;
Prict 10, 35, 60 Cents. All DroffSists.
Bed Drairoa Seltzer Pacific Ar&cy,
Co., Sev Tori. 118 Battery St., J. 3?»An inspiration is greater than an ex
ample.
| PEORIA. July 21— Frank Pierce!
I to-day shot and killed his wife at >
their home in Canton and then barri- j
caded himself in the upper portion of !
his house and through the closed '¦¦
shutters announced he would kill the
first officer to set foot on his-prem
ises.
Thrown off his guard by an under- I
taker entering to prepare the body for
burial, officers rushed in and captured
Pierce after a desperate flght. They
were forced to chloroform him.
3Iurdcrcr Keeps Police at Bay Until
Thrown Off His Guard by an
l-'ndertaker.
SHOOTS HIS WIFE AND
THEN DEFIES OFFICERS
Snake Strikes at Him While |
He Is Hanging From Snag
Overlooking a Deep Pool
REDDING, July 21.— Hanging from a
dead snag that stuck out from a bank
overlooking a deep pool in Whisky
Creek and in imminent danger of fall-
Ing and being drowned in the' waters
below. Wade Hampton, a well-known!
miner and orchardlst. helplessly!
watched a monster rattlesnake as it &
made two efforts to sink its fangs in •
his legs as they dangled in the air. j"
Hampton, in company with. Bruce}
Ross and two other friends, went out j
hunting Friday morning. They walked
up Whisky Creek above the Mad Mule
mine, owned by Hampton. As Hamp- }
ton was walking along the bank he ,
slipped, and wduld have fallen into the !
water had he not caught a snag. As he '
held on to the snag a large rattlesnake
coiled on a ledge struck at him twice,
and only by dodging did Hampton es
cape being bitten. He was finally res
cued and he and his companions killed (
the snake and now have eleven rattles j
as trophies. -I
GRAVE PERIL
OF A HUNTER
Metcalf Is at present the hardest
working member of the Cabinet. He
remains at his desk almost nightly
until after 10 o'clock and keeps three
confidential clerks busy.
WASHINGTON, July 21.—^Secretary
Metcalf said to-day he would return
to California early in August and ar
range some private matters which had
been neglected on account of his hasty
call into the Cabinet. He is now
awaiting the result of the Government
officials' investigation into the Gen
eral Slocum disaster, as he does not
wish to leave Washington before their
report is in.
at the Conclusion of the Slo
enm Inquiry.
New Secretary Will Visit California
METCALF IS WORKING
HARD IN THE CABINET
WABASH, Ind.. July 21. — There was
a sensation this afternoon in local so
ciety circles when the announcement
was made that Miss Florence Ross,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James P.
Ross, who for two years has been a
pupir En the Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity, was secretly married on April
12, 1303. to Wheeler North, son of
Georgre F. North, a capitalist of Los
Angeles.
Neither Miss Ross' parents nor the
parents of the bridegroom learned of
thf» wedding until to-day. The young
couple met while attending the uni
versity together and resolved after
their marriage to keep it secret until
both graduated. The ceremony took
place at the university. f.- 1 -
Surprise for the Parents of Miss
Florence Ross and Wheeler
North.
TWO STANFORD STUDENTS
REVEAL SECRET MARRIAGE
EL PASO, Tex.. July 21.— Officials of
the Chinese Commercial Steamship
Company have received a concession
for the establishment of a Chinese ccl
ony on the southern coast of Mexico.
Lyman Mowry of San Francisco ha3
charge of the arrangements, which con
template bringing over Chinese of all
classes and establishing a "little China"
on th<» Western Hemi5ph«?re.
sion for Establish hi~ a Colony
in Mexico.
San Franciscan Receives a Conces-
TO FOUND "LITTLE CHINA"
OX WESTERN HEMISPHERE
SACRAMENTO, July 21. — At an
early hour this morning two burglars
broke into' a Japanese lodging-house
at Seventh and H streets and when
they were discovered severely beat
two of the roomers, J. Kubo and T.
Unoda. The latter had bis skull frac
tured. The burglars escaped.
Japanese Badly Beaten by Burglars.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— The delegates
to the nations.! convention of the An
cient Order, of Hibernians proceeded
to the World's Fair to-day to partici
pate in the festivities of Irish day. The
programme included Irtsh games at
the Stadium and exercises in the the
ater of the Irish village.
Officers will b*» elected to-morrow.
Su far no candidates have appeared
except for the OZScca of national sec
retary and members of the director
ate. The contest over the secretary
ship is auite active.
Interesting Games and Exercises Are
Arransed for tlic Son<s ! of
ijrn.
HIBERNIANS ENJOY
IRISH DAY AT FAIR
Captain Kennedy and His Men of the
Burned Oil Ship Hate Narrow
Escape.
WOODSHOLL. Mass.. July 21. —
Captain Kennedy of the British ship
Creedmore and crew were landed here
to-day, having escaped from their ves
sel, which was burned off Fire Island
yesterday. The Creedmore was oil
laden and bound for Liverpool. She
was owned at Yarmouth, N. S.
The crew of the Creedmore num
bered eighteen men besides the cap
tain. The men lost everything. They
left the ship In her own boats and
were picked up soon afterward by a
passing schooner.
CREW OF CREEDMORE
ARRIVES IN SAFETY
NEW YORK, July 21.— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the
Northern Pacific Railway, which has
been adjourned from time to time
since October. 1903, was to-day ad
journed indefinitely. In explanation
Daniel S. Lamont, vice president of
the company, isssued a statement in
which h<3 said the continuation of the
injunction granted on the application
of H.irriman and Pierce, trustees,
which prohibits the distribution 'of
stock owned by the Northern Securi
ties Company, makes it Impossible to
meet the requirements of- the charter
of the Northern Pacific Company,
which prohibits the transaction of any
business at stockholders' meetings un
less a majority of the outstanding
stock is present and voting.
Northern Pacific Cannot Now Hold an
Annual Meeting of Its
Stockholders.
INJUNCTION ANNOYING
TO RAILWAY MAGNATES
Grand Personally Conducted Excur
sion
Leaves Saturday. July 23; $28 50 round
trip. In one way and out another, around
the famous "double loop." Passes direct
ly through two proves of giant sequoias.
Special care for women and children.
You will get the best of everything on
the Santa Fe. A rare chance to visit the
famous valley. Inquire at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. •
TO x-OSEMTTE VALLEY.
Once again the Pacific Ocean has re
ceived in its embrace a modern ship of
war. The South Dakota, sister cruiser
to the California, majestically treaded
the- ways yesterday and floating well
away across the pla^h of spume which
her advent to the bay occasioned
landed high upon a mudbank, with her
keel buried so deeply as to make' her
immune from tides or storm until such
time as the armorers have equipped
her "to open the purple testament of
bleeding war."
As the imposing mass of steel, grace
fully built as a pleasure yacht but con*
veying in her light lines and terrible
strength a portend of the speed of a
greyhound and the ferocity of a bear,
started slowly toward the water a pret
ty girl, gowned in exquisite taste, broke
on the prow a bottle of champagne. She
was Miss Graco Herried, daughter of
the Governor of South Dakota, who
had been honored with the duty of
christening the cruiser.
The visiting gubernatorial party ar
rived early at the Union Iron Works
on the United States transDort tug SIo
cum. Comprising it were Governor
Herried, his wife and daughter; Frank
Crane, clerk of the Supreme Court and
chairman of the State Republican Cen
tral Committee, and his wife; Code
Commissioner J. M. Brown and wife;
Professor E. W. Nash, State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, and his
wife, and Miss Alda Johnson.
The launching was set for 6:40 p. m.,
and on account of the lateness of the
hour not more than 5000 persons at
tended, and there were few craft in the
bay carrying sightseers. One minute and
a half before the appointed time the
instruments measured high tide and
the key was pressed by Governor Her
ried. As the great shlD started to slide
Miss Herried raised high her berib
boned bottle of wine and crashed it
against the prow. It was broken into
many pieces. Her lips moved, but only
those nearest to her could hear the ut-
tered words, "I christen thee South Da
kota." #
Cheer after cheer followed the fight-
Ing craft to the water, and these were
continued long after she had found her
moorings. This ended the ceremony.
There were no speeches and no audible
prayers, but the prayers of the nation
will follow her future course.
The Invited guests boarded the Slo
cum and were landed at the Mission
street vrharf. Here automobiles met
the visiting gubernatorial party and
whisked its members to their hotel. The
visitors will Ieare for Portland this
morning, thence proceed directly home.
Governor Herded stated that when the
appropriation was passed by Congress
for the bulMing of the South- Dakota
the Legislature of his State, at his sug
gestion, voted $5000 for a silver service,
which has been manufactured and
turned over to the Navy Department
pending the manning of the cruiser
some two years hence.
Henry T. Scott, head of the Union
Iron Work3, said that the launching
was as successful In every wav as any
that has ever taken place from the
yards. He entertained Governor Her
ried and party at an elaborate luncheon
at the St. Francis Hotel previous to
the launching.
Among the invited guests present
were Captain Long, who will command
the Ohio, who represented the navy;
United States District Attorney Wood
worth and wife. Captain of Detectives
Martin and many foreign Consuls and
prominent business and professional
men of this and surrounding cities.
Captain Splllane had charge of the po
lice arrangements and conducted affairs
In his usual faultless manner.
! PHOTOGRAPH OP NEWEST FIGHTING CRAFT OF THE UNITED STATES. TAKEN AS WORKMEN WERE UNBLOCKTXO |
HER FOR HER DIP INTO THE DEEP AND ONE SECURED AS SHE RODE THE SWELL CAUSED BY HER OWN IM
PETUS IN STRIKING THE WATER. - j
Fall River Cotton Mill Employes Seem
Determined to Walk Out.
FALL RIVER. Mass.. July 2L— The
sentiment displayed by the cotton mill
operatives of this city following their
vote last night In favor of striking next
SlonCay against the 12Vs P«r cent re
duction in wages to-day seemed more
bitter against the manufacturers than
at any time in recent years. The strike.
it it takes place next Monday, will, it
is believed, be nearly unanimous among
the 30,000 employes.
FHIRTY THOUSAND TO STRIKE.
KANSAS CITY. July 21.— Many of
the striking packing-house employes
were re-employed to-day, and others
will be taken back to-morrow. At each
of the six local piaats • preparations
*vere made 'to resume to-morrow -with
a full complement of men. when great
efforts will be made to catch up with
orders. -
Kansas City Plants Will Be Operated
to Their Full Capacity.
3IEN GO BACK TO WORK.
Russia Accepts America's proposal
and Revenue Cutter Will Be De
tailed for Duty.
! WASHINGTON. July 21. — The Rus
; sian Government has accepted the
proposal of the United States to ex
clude American poachers from the
waters - around the Kommander
Islands. A United States revenue cut
ter will be detailed for patrol duty.
WTLIi EXCLUDE POACHERS .
FROM KOMMANDER ISLANDS
Two Companies of the Twenty- First
Ordered From Fort Keosh to
the Presidio.
MILES CITY. Mont.. July 21.— Ths
two companies of the Twenty-first In
fantry at Fort Keogh have been or
dered to the Presidio at San Francisco
and will start on September 3. The
• Twenty-eighth Infantry, which they
I will relieve, will go to Fort Snelllng.
There Is a report current at Keogh
that as soon as the two new cavalry
stables are completed two additional
troops will be stationed there.
TWENTY-EIGHTH INFANTRY
GOES TO FORT SNELXIXG
NEW YORK. July 21.— In order to
checkmate the move of the locked-out
members of the Brotherhood of Carpen
ters in getting other positions near this
city the Building Trades Employers'
Association has extenced its lockout to
a territory of twenty-five miles sur
rounding New York. The employers
found that almost as rapidly as the
men stepped work here they found
other positions in the suburbs or in
Brooklyn.
LOCKOUT AREA INCREASED.
New York Builders Strive to Keep
Strikers From Gettinc Work.
NEW YORK, July 21. — A commit
tee, representing the Central Feder
ated Union of New York City and vi
cinity, the International Association
of Machinists and the Marine Trades
Council, to-day filed with the Federal
Commission on Steamship Inspection a
protest against the stsamshlp St. Louis
of the American Line being taken over
to Ireland for repairs. The protest
states that the St. Louis is in an un
seaworthy and unsafe condition; that
she has only one engine in working
order and that in case that engine be
came disabled the lives of her crew
would be endangered. The protest
adds that the only reason apparent for
not having the repairs made in the
port of New York is that It may be
done at smaller expense in Great Brit
ain.
Unions Say St. Louis Is Unsafe and
Crew Will Be Imperiled by Go-
Ins to Ireland.
WAXT REPAIRS MADE
IX AMERICAN SHOPS
Strikers Fretting Because Non-Union
Men Are Heine Discharged Slowly.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July 21. — A riot
call was turned in from the stockyards
at 9 o'clock to-night and every avail
able policeman is on duty, endeavor
ing to control frenzied members of the
labor unions which went on strike sev
eral days ago. The packers are not
discharging the non-union men fast
enough to suit the strikers. To-night
the managers of all the packing plants
in South St. Joseph notified the union
men that but 60 per cent of the strik
ers will be put to work to-morrow.
The strikers say the packers are en
deavoring to hold all non-union men,
and that all of the union men cannot
get back to work if the packers are
permitted to carry out their plans.
Consequently wherever a non-union
employe of the plants is found he Is
at once assaulted. The union men, by
this means, expect to get rid of all
non-union help.
TROUBLE AT ST. JOSEPH.
TRINIDAD, Colo., July 21. — Judge
Jesse G. Northcutt of the District
Court of I" Animas County has over
ruled the demurrer of John Mitchell,
president; T. L. Lewis, secretary; W.
B. Wilson, treasurer; Christopher Ev
ans, and other officials of the United
Mine Workers of America to the Vic
tor Fuel Company's suit for $85,000
damages in consequence of the coal
miners' strike in the Southern Colo
r«ido district. The plaintiff charges
the defendants with conspiracy to in
jure its business "by intimidation and
coercion."
Victor Fuel Company Scores a Point
Against Mine Workers.
DE31URREK OVERRULED.
Hilborn, who, with Lieutenant
Brooks, has on many recent occasions
assisted the rurales, heard that Casteo
had. visited a ranch of Southern Tirre
and set out to capture him. He came
upon the outlaw in the Box Canyon,
from which there was no escape ex
cept by a steep trail at the head.
Casteo showed fight and opened fire
upon the ranger. Hilborn finally
got the drop on Casteo. whom he dis
armed, placed on a horse and drove
in front of him to Tigre station. Casteo
Is thought to be a confederate of the
Maxwell murderers. He will be turned
over to Colonel Kosterilnzky of the
rurales.
DOUGLAS, Ariz.. July 21.— Thomas
Hilborn, sergeant of the Rangers, ar
rived to-day at Tlgre, on the Nacozarl
Railroad, with Ramon Casteo. a Mex
ican bandit and instigator of the Yaqul
rebellions. The renegade, badly want
ed by tne rurales. gave them the sliD
in the Box Canyon country of Northern
Sonora, where they rounded uo a dozen
other outlaws.
SmcUI Dispatch to Th« Call.
IN THE UNITED STATES.
Number of men on strike 50,000
Number If a reneral strike had
been called 1O.000
Cities involved »
Demand f«r uniform scale first
r.:ai», June 1; negotiation* bro
ken off. July 1; itnue vote taken,
July S; strike ordered, July U;
strike began. July 12.
Daily iocs of wages In cities ether
than Chicago $45,000
X* r. g th of strike 8 4 «.>•-• .
Vnion raea on strik« 20.C00
• trikers' wares lost $*0O,000
Other employes out of work 3.000
Their lots In pay J5O.0OO
Capital left Idle $107,000. 000
Loes to B*ckers $600,000
Xtiisber of non-union men employed 4.COO
Increase In stock received 125,000
Loss to railways $300,000
Advance in m«at prices, per pound 5 cents.
Co«t to 600.C00 Chicago fam!l'.e«... $2yO.OCO
Total cOiX $1,640,000
CHICAGO, July 21.— Now that the
great strike of the packing-house em
ployes tup been settled, figures showing
the cost of the walkout to Chicaco
and the eight other cities involved are
of Interest. The following table jrives
a resume of the effects of the strike
order:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"On the terminal site." said Albert G.
Wheeler, president of the Illinois Tun
nel Company, "we shall have a general'
distributing system for the transporta
tion of freight between stores and ware
houses and the steam railroads. Ws
also will have our own power plant. "We
shall spend 51.5W.CC0 Immediately and
Improve the property gradually. A fea
ture of the terminal will be a storaga
warehouse, where goods can be kept
until they are wanted. There are now
thirty-two miles of tunnels under tha
streets of Chicago."
The most important significance aZ
this practical completion of the tun
nel company's equipment will be the
probable ending of street congestion in
the downtown district by heavy team
ing. The tunnel extends under nearly
all the important streets of the loop
district, and connections will be made
with all the large wholesale and retail
houses and business blocks.
It is the intention of the company to
haul all kinds of freight and material
to and from these big establishments,
to carry goods from the stores to out
lying distributing centers and to trans
port all kinds of refuse which collects
in the large business blocks.
CHICAGO. July 2L— A site for & gen
eral terminal of the Illinois Tunnel
Company's system of underground elec
tric railroads has been secured by the
company at a cost of J2.5C0.0CO through
the purchase of the property on the
west bank of the Chicago Hirer nortn
of Taylor street, now occupied by th©
Albert Dickinson Company's seed ware
houses and owned by the Chicago Dock
Company. The tunnel company will
proceed Immediately to remodel the
property, and promises to have its lines
in use by November for general trans
portation under the streets of much
traffic now carried on the surface. On
all sides of the purchased tract, which
measures 404 feet north and south and
700 feet east and west, are the ter
minals of trunk lines. The property has
connection with all the railroads and is
adjacent to the tunnel company's largs
conduit under Taylor street, which con
nects the tunnels under the business
district of the South Side with th»
"West Side tunnels.
The men thus summarily removed
from their labors are accused of no
crime, the only accusation being that
they refused to sacrifice their member
ship in the Western Federation of
Miners and take out Mine Owners' As
sociation working cards.
After being tried by the military tri
bunal, if they still refuse to take out
•wcrkir.s cards they will probably be
deported from the district.
VICTOR, Colo.. Jirty 21.— The Port
land mine Is a^aln closed in conse
quence of the action of the military au
thorities. The mine was giving em
ployment to about 600 men. Soldiers
have arrested about 40 of these, lncjud-
Ins the entire mechanical force at the
three working shafts. This comprised
the engineers, firemen, master mechan
ics and ikilied men in other depart
&«rt*.
Outlaw Shows Fight When
Cornered, but Is Quickly
Disarmed by His Captor
If They Befuse to Yield to
Demand of the Military
They Will Be Deported
Significance of the New:
Scheme is the Ending of
the Traffic Congestion
Chicago Union Men Alone
Are Out $400,000 in Wages
as Besult of Their Idleness
BIG PLANS PROJECTED
CAUGHT BY A BANGER
BEACH INTO MILLIONS
MEX ABE TO BE TBIED
Figures Reveal the Losses
Due to the Walkout of
Packing-House Employes
Mexican Bandit, Who Plan
ned Many of Their Crimes,
Is Finally. Bun to Earth
Miners Befuse to Surrender
"Working Cards and the
Operations Are Suspended
Sister Fighting Machine to the California Glides Down the Ways
in Majesty and Strength and Is Christened by the Daughter 4
of Governor of State From Which She Takes Her Name
Illinois Tunnel Company
Secures Property in Chi
cago at Cost of §2,500,000
ENORMOUS COST
OF THE STRIKE
PORTLAND MINE
AGAIN CLOSED
YAQUI REBELS
LOSE LEADER
PAYS FORTUNE
FOR TERMINAL
CRUISER SOUTH DAKOTA WEDS THE SEA
WITH EVERY OMEN OF FUTURE SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦ .CAUJ, FRIDAY, JULY 22 ? 1004.
3
~ ADVERTISEMEXTS. '
/:^^ll: We are selling good, well-
J& ' v N^fe ! cat* sack suits, worth $15,
¦^j^BHfe^-'- :> -^^\" ' Y° u know your needs and likewise what you can afford to
"'• If y° u re q uire a new suit ai ?d are accustomed to wearing
N $l'2.)0 or $15.00 garments we can interest you in our sale.
We are selling some single-breasted sack suits at $7.35 which
were formerly priced at $15.00 and $12.50. The materials are
; -^HRBH^ir fancy cheviots in gun metal gray and nut brown — colors which are
now quite popular. Each garment is hand tailored, even to collar
These suits comprise principally certain garments which at
stock-taking were found advisable to close out. To complete the
tt^S^SPft sizesand have sufficient patterns we added some new fall suits to
|flil|li ie assortment, put them all on a sales counter and marked
Willi ilSiSS This sale is also to force July business. We can only expect
S8l8h IllW business by giving you just what "we advertise.
Cfllfil liiW ur guarantee of money back and free repairing ought to con-
IIIP? IPP vince you that the suits have been reduced just as we claim. But if
f|j||| 11111 you want further proof see the suits — they speak for themselves.
~'-~ " " l $325 - I 740 Market Street li±2i — .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SpeaTtin* of Qualitt/f
iOQ Just Opsn a
: ij-fl Bottle of
«- If&si IH& B~~ H"" IT*
- Sf^Si *^ i_ i— y%
)J$&jA\l milv/aukee
Th«?re'« where th*
/gfl&iBi'SitiSSSs^ quality . a r % u cent
Jip5s2tS% r: '^ ?3 ?fsa corne « la — **'• 'n every
bottle or ke«; tnat
r^ISSflEs *>«ar» the 'Blatx" U-
lilSK £#wj§ai **'• Order "BlaXT' for
s£gj3&3ff!v3*^2JKi| the cake of your
W3e3*/\ : i£§i&Bn h *» Ith — ftn< J the health
f-^SSr/ jl vlSSEp! of >' ovr family- Every
bottle sterilized.
Blatz Mnlt-Yivins
/¦&2j&0/J^~jf£r*£ CXoo-Intox.) Teaic.
jgg | \ Watyfflyl- ''-' tiXll CDtWi CO.
•-T^rr-; jr^r Milwaukee
• |I|BBj|lf|f '' ~ : ?lffe SAa * EIBO ft CO.,
212 Battery St,
TeL ITain 6859. Saa Francisco.
ff% 1% H n Out^u. Gun;, Ammud-
P * ftl Plfs l : CT *- Fl * rhi °T and Outir-s
? «l Klfl P* ooods - Tent* and runs to
I I MB If! c P ;T\u CATALOG FREE.
U M I I I E !5" VE * BARBER CO..
•i< Market «c,
1 ' £21 gearny at^ 3. r.
W. T. HESS,
notary Public and Attorn ey-at-I^aw.
Tea3» Fioer. Room 1015. CIau« Spreckela bldr
Telephone Mala 9S3.
Retldence. 1S02 McAUlrter m.
1 Residence Tele^hm* Pig% Mil.
IRehearing Will Be Allowed Soon in
the United States Supreme
Court.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— Justice
Brewer of the United States Supreme
Court has granted a writ of error to
the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Missouri in the
case of Senator Joseph R. Burton,
convicted in St. Louis of accepting a
fee for services before the Postofflce i
Department while a member of the!
United States Senate. The case will be
reviewed by the United States • Su
preme Court.
GRANTS WRIT OF ERROR : ',¦ -
IX THE BURTON CASE
SAN JOSE, July 21. — Work was re
sumed at the Fredericksburgr Brewery
this morning. At 8 o'clock word was
received from the union headquarters
in San Francisco that a settlement
had been reached and within an hour
the brewery was running full force.
By the compromise the men gain an
increase of $1 a week and will receive
60 cents an hour for overtime. The
Santa Clara Brewery signed the scale
presented before a compromise was
reached. The Eagle and Garden City
breweries will pay the compromise
scale.
Brewerymen Return to Work.
TELLURIDE, f Colo. f July 21.— Gaffe
W. Shields, secretary of the Silverton
Miners' Union, who was arrested re
cently on suspicion of being impli
cated in the murder of Manager Col
lins of the Smuggler Union mine and
the disappearance of Shift Boss Bar
ney, was released to-day. Affidavits
were presented to the District Attor
ney showing that Shields was at his
home in Durango at the time both al
leged crimes were committed.
Colorado Miner Proves an Alibi on
Charge of Murder.
SHIELDS IS RELEASED.
CHICAGO, July 2L— The day was
marked by a disturbance in the pack
ing-house district, two men narrowly
escaping death as a result of a riot.
Robert Keating, an ice dealer, accom
panied by two employes, Clarence Hall
and John White, were passing in an ice
wagron.when some men began shooting.
Keating and Hall were wounded, the
former receiving a bullet in the leg
which severed an artery. Hall was
shot in the foot. The mob dispersed.
There were numerous encounters among
bands of strike sympathizers and non
union men, who, in fright, had desert
ed the yards, but no one was severely
injured. ,
Mob Attacks Non-Unlon Men and
Wounds Them Seriously.
TWO MEX ARE SHOT.
3Iarine Committee Starts
MILWAUKEE, July 21. — The joint
Congressional Committee on Merchant
Marine left to-night for St. Paul, en
route to Seattle, San Francisco and
other Pacific Coast points.
PICTURE THIEVES ARE
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Man and Woman Accused of Taking
Valuable Canvas Are Now
in Custody.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 2L— The
man and woman who stole the "mir
acle-working" picture of the Madonna
from Kazan Cathedral have been ar
rested at Nizhni Novgorod and will be
taken back to Kazan. The jewels which
adorned the picture have been recov
ered, but the Ikon itself is said to have
been hurried.
NEWPORT. R. I., July 21. — The
torpedo-boat destroyer Blakely. which
is being given her official trial off this
harbor, exceeded her contract speed
over the measured mile course to-day.
Her contract calls for twenty-five
knots speed, but in running eight
times over the measured course she
averaged 25.7 knots. To-day's trial
was her "standardizing" test.
Little Vessel Makes 25.7 Knots an
Hour in Eight Trips Over
the Course.
DESTROYER BLAKELY
MEETS REQUIREMENTS
CHICAGO. July 21.— All the big meat
packing establishments of this country,
where nearly 50,000 workmen went out
on strike ten days ago to enforce cer
tain demands of the union, will be
thrown open to the strikers at 7 o'clock
to-morrow morning and as many of the
former employes as can be taken care
of Will return to work. A majority of
the butchers will be reinstated to-mor
row morning, but it will be several
days before all the strikers will be
given employment, as there is not
enough live stock at some of the yards
to require a full force. As soon as the
shipments begin to arrive in the usual
quantity, however, the idle men will be
put to work and it is believed that by
Saturday night nearly all of the strik
ers will have been taken care of.
When the news reached the non
union men to-day that the old men
were to return to work to-morrow
more than 500 of them quit work. It is
not known how many more of the non
union men are still at work.
Men Will B e Re-employed as Fast as
Business Warrants.
STRIKERS TO BE TAKEN BACK.
CHICAGO. July 21.— The new city
directory for Chicago has been given
to the public. Based on the number of
names it gives Chicago has a popula
tion for 1904 of 2.241.000. The directory
of 1903 gave Chicago an estimated pop
ulation of 2,231,000.
The new directory contains 657,000
names, an increase of 3000 over the
directory of 1903.
Increase of Three Thousand
Names.
New Annual City Directors' Shows an
CHICAGO POPULATION
MORE THAN 2,200,000
BURNS EVIDENCE OF
REGICIDES* CRIME
King Peter Destroys Blood-Stained
Furniture and Clothing of
Alexander and Draga.
BELGRADE, Servla, July 21.— The
blood-stained furniture and the ward
robes of the late King Alexander, and
Queen Draga have been burned in a
bonfire in the palace grounds. King
Peter having refused to hand them
over to the sisters of the murdered
Queen, fearing that they might be de
voted to political uses.
AMERICANS ARE SLAIN
IN A MEXICAN TOWN
State Department Wires Consul at
Mazatlan to Supply Names
and Details.
WASHINGTON. July 21. — The fol
lowing telegram has been received by
Assistant Secretary Loomis from
Louis Kaiser, the American Consul at
Mazatlan, Mexico, dated yesterday:
"Two Americans were shot down in
their office at Aguas Calientes, in this
State, bv officials. I have wired the
Governor requesting prompt investi
gation. -Report follows."
The State Department has wired the
Consul to supply at once the names of
the Americans who were shot and
other important details of the affair
without waiting for a mail report.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. July 22.
Charles Stimmel, convicted of the
murder of Joseph W. Side, a book
keeper at Dayton, was electrocuted at
the Ohio penitentiary a few minutes
past midnight.
Charles Stinunel Convicted of Murder
Is Executed in the Ohio
Penitentiary.
PAYS LIFE PENALTY
IN ELECTRIC CHAIR
WHEELING, W. Va., July 21. — The
will of the late Charles S. Dewey. who
died in this city about a month ago,
disposing of an estate in Chicago
valued at approximately 51,000,000.
will probably be contested by his
daughter by a former wife and his
son Chauncey, who was recently ac
quitted of charges of murder grow
ing out of the ranch feud with the
Berry boys in Kansas. Chauncey
Dewey and his sister have just re
turned from abroad.
Son and Daushter Arc Not Pleased
With the Parent's Distribu
tion of Wealth.
DEWEY'S ESTATE WILL BE
CONTESTED BY CHILDREN
GYANGTSE, Tibet, July 21. — The
British mission to Tibet, under com
mand of Colonel Younghusband. on
July 18 forced a passage of the ice
clad Karola, the highest pass on the
road to Lassa. A less stubborn de
fense was made than was expected.
The Tibetans retired early in the en
gagement, sniping the advancing
British soldiers from the neighboring
cliffs. The British now are twenty
five miles from Lassa.
Forces a Passage of the Ice-Clad Ka
rola, the Natives Offering Little
Resistance.
BRITISH COLUMN NEARS
THE CAPITAL. OP TIBET
LONDON. July 21.— F. M. Murphy,
Harvard's crack high jumper, who
was to have competed against the,ath
letes of Oxford and Cambridge in the
international meet Saturday, threw
the American collegiate camp into
consternation yesterday by shaking
the dust of Brighton from his feet, go
ing to Liverpool and arriving Just in
time to catch the White Star liner
Teutonic, sailing for New York.
Since his arrival in England ten
days ago Murphy has suffered from
homesickness and has been greatly
depressed. A day or two ago, how
ever, he seemed to recover his nor
mal condition and was showing his
best form. Yesterday he lapsed into
his former state, and, with the an
nouncement that he cared not for all
the International games in the world
and that he was going home at once,
left camp.
F. M. Murphy, Crack Jumper, .Deserts
His Companions In England,
Creating Sensation.
HARVARD ATHLETE BECOMES
HOMESICK AND DESERTS TEAM
The members of the Fire Department
are circulating petitions to be signed
by the qualified voters of San Francis
co asking the Board of Supervisors to
submit two proposed charter amend
ments providing for increases in the
salaries of captains from $120 to $150
per month; of lieutenants from $100 to
$125; of engineers from $112 to $122 50
and of hostlers from $60 to $75. The sec
ond amendment fixes a definite period
for vacations. The petitions have been
placed in each fire house for the pur
pose of securing the necessary signa
tures of 15 per cent of the voters. The
amendments follow: • .
Section 1 — Th« officer* and m«nb«r» of the
Fire Department ehall receive salaries M fol
lows: Chief enrineer. $4000; first assistant
chief engineer. 13000; second assistant chief en
gineer, $2400; battalion chiefs, each $2100; «u
perlntendent of engines, $2100; the clerk and
commissary of the corporation yards. $1800;
captains, each $1800; lieutenants, each $1300;
engineers, each $1470: assistant engineers, each
$1350; drivers, tlllermen, truckmen and hose
men, for the first year of service, each $9€0;
for the second year of service, each, $1060, and
for the third and fourth year of service, each
$1200; and for the fifth year of service and
thereafter, each $1320: hydrantmen, each $120O;
superintendent of horses, $1200; draymen, each
$900; hostlers, each $900; pilots of flreboats,
each $1200; engineers of flreboats, each $1500;
assistant engineers of flreboats, each $1440;
firemen of flreboatn. each $900.
Section 2 — Each member of th* department
shall b* allowed during each year of his ser
vice a vacation of not less than flftaen days'
duration, and also leaves of absence of twenty
four hours' duration not less than four times In
each calendar month, subject to such rules and
regulations as the Board of Fire Commissioners
may make for the enforcement of this section.
Judge Heacock refused to be con
vinced of Howell's innocence and held
him for trial.
: - C. J. Howell, a picturesque fraud,
formerly earning an honest living as
switchman for the Southern Pacific
Company, was held for trial yesterday
by United States Commissioner Hea
cock on a charge of having unlawfully
impersonated an Internal offi
cer. His bonds were fixed at $500.
The evidence was that on June 18
Howell entered a saloon on Mission
street, kept by a buxom lassie, named
Rose McArdle, and demanded $100 as
internal revenue license, representing
himself as a Federal revenue agent.
Miss McArdle demurred and said that
she had already paid her license for the
current term. Howell thereupon de
manded that she pay him $10, and, this
being refused, made her an insulting
proposal. Upon her expressing indig
nation, he placed her under arrest and
took her to. the police station in the
Hall of Justice, where he requested
Officer Ward to place a charge against
the woman of selling liquor without
having paid the special revenue tax.
He represented to the police that he
was a revenue officer, and when asked
to show his badge of authority replied
that he had forgotten it, but would go
and get it. He then started on a run
out of the door and was pursued by
two policemen, who caught him at the
Intersection of Montgomery and Mer
chant streets.
In his defense yesterday he swore
that he had received an accident to his
head several years ago. and that a sil
ver plate had been inserted in the
skull. The effect of the Injury, he said,
was to make him oblivious to all that
happened -when he was drinking; that
he was drunk when he placed the
blushing Rose under arrest, and that
he could not recall a thing that had oc
curred.
Wetter was brought to Grangeville
to-day and declines to make a state
ment. He has resided in the mining
country several years and has no
known relatives. Wain was a resi
dent of Weisner, Idaho, and leaves a
wife and two sons. Long: is a married
man and located in the Sectsh coun
try last year from Walla Walla,
GRANGEVILLE, Idaho. July 21. —
Rudolph Wetter, a Salmon River
miner,. shot and instantly killed L. D.
Long and; Chris uWaln and wounded
.the former's 14-year-old boy Tuesday
afternoon at . a camp near Sectsh
Meadow, in the Warren mining coun
try. Wetter had some trouble regard-
Ing mining 'ground and approached a
cabin where his victims were stop
ping. He opened fire with a rifle, kill
ing both men. Long's boy escaped in
the brush and carried a bullet in the
leg. . i < si-
Twelve extra policemen were sworn
in about 6 o'clock, and these, with the
regular uniformed men, are patrolling
the streets to-night with drawn revol
vers, keeping the crowds moving and
preventing congregation at 'any point.
About 10 o'clock a man under the in
fluence of liauor fired a revolver into
the air in .front of a saloon, then
stepped inside. Immediately a great
crowd collected in front of the saloon.
Two policemen forced their way into
the saloon and arrested the man who
fired the shot. When they reached the
street the crowd again attempted a
rescue, but the police succeeded in
jailing their man. Shots were fired in
different parts of the town, creating
intense excitement. .
Later in the evening a gambler was
arrested and safely lodged in Jail. It
is believed that an organized body will
attempt to release him before morning.
At 9 o'clock a crowd attacked an of
ficer, took his night stick from him and
beat him severely about the head. He
was taken in a bleeding condition to a
nearby drug store, where his wounds
were dressed. A few moments later an
officer made an arrest in a saloon and
got his Drisoner to the station, when a
crowd made a rush for him. Cries of
"Take away his star," "Beat him up,"
etc., rent the air as the mob pushed
forward intent upon a rescue. Reaching
the middle of the street the officer
turned, squared off and pointed his
gun at the crowd and slowly dispersed
it, and the officer landed his prisoner
at the station.
The approaching close to the regis
tration period is being illustrated in
the increasing numbers of those who
wish to add their names to the already
long lists.
BONESTEEL, S. D.. July 21.—Ex
citement is running high in Bonesteel
to-night, brought about by the rescue
of an arrested gambleV, who was taken
from the hands of the police by a dozen
or fifteen of his friends and rushed
down the main street of the town and
secreted. The gambler was arrested
and was being escorted to the station,
when suddenly, at the word of a leader,
a crowd of cappers and friends of the
prisoner made a dash for the police
man having him in charge. Seizing the
prisoner, they' tore him from the grasp
of the officer,- who' drew his revolver
and struck one of the attacking party
a blow in the face. The attacking par
ty surrounded the prisoner and suc
ceeded in getting him away.
The city authorities immediately be
gan swearing in extra police and have
expressed the determination to enforce
the law at any cost.
Miscellaneous— Florence Spear C. F. Dean.
Berkeley: E. Whittletur, Mountain View: C. A.
Nelson. Colusa; I. JJ. Ashley and family.
Chino; A. Lane. Sacramento; V. F. McGrimis,
Chico: A. M P.ines. Elrnhurst; C. Osborn.
Elk Grove; H. L. Walden. Eureka; B. E.
Chapp«low. Stockton; C E. Rodpers San
Rafael: TV. F. Wlldman. Auburn: Mrs. O. P.
<"rw>k ar.d family, Ventura; W. W. Kemp and
wife. Palo Alto: M. A. Myers and wife, Po
mona- Mr.«. S M. Allen' Corninj:; <\ M. Boone.
Benicia; Mrs. W. E. Bamhart. Pasadena; J.
I... Guerrant, Fresno; B. M. Stone. Fresno; J.
B. Newj>ort and wife J. II. Hopkins and
wife Hanford: W. F McCready. C. A. Mc-
Cluwr. R J McClunB, San Jose; C. 1^. Wright.
Pl&cerviHe;' F. H. Swan. Pasadena: G. \V.
Dowda and wife U H. Philips. Fresno.
ST. LOUIS. Ju'.v 21. — The following
CaHfornxans: arc registered at the Cal
ifornia building:
San Francisco — MI55 M. Ryan. E. I. Titlow,
B. nowhmann I. noschmann. H. Byrne. M.
G. Chandler. Mrs. J. N. Kirkard. Mrs. C. S.
Tulloch. J I.Ippman. M. H. Lippman C. W.
Lippman. Miss N. Flyr.n. \V. McCall. A. M.
Williams. N. B. Cauw, A. F. Rousseau F.
M^yf-r. Mr?. N. C Ilay Mrs. J. H. Spitzer.
Oakland— \V. M. Uenr F C. Havens and
family. Mrs. J. H. Aydpfatle
Attendance at the Exposition From
the Coast Is Large.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— Because they
believe the fair is not bping properly
exploited by the press in this and other
countries the national commission has
caused a Jotter to be addressed to Pres
ident Francis of the exposition. The
letter is signed by Thomas Carter, pres
ident of the commission, and says in
part:
The bulldir.jrs are completed, the exhibits
a.re Installed and th«- exposition has b«*»n in
progress few; »=ub?tanUally three-sevenths of it*
allotted period. The fatth of the management
in the merits of the fsir has been Justified
by the appr'tvinjc judgment of all who have
entered the eates. but the' daily attendance
l.us, been far Fhort of what it should be.
Unhappily the majrnifirent proportions and
the numberless attractions of the exposition
do nr>t Been t<» be fully underptcvl by the.
ir.asses of people throughout the United States,
whence attendance must be chiefly expected.
Ttf newf-paper* of the respective States will
without doubt cheerfully give spare to descrip
tive rnnttrr directly relating: to the exhibits
ar.d achi»v«»mtnts of their reader*. The expo
sition cempany could well afford to aid and
fcssiM in the preparation of descriptive matter,
accompanied by plate matter relating to dif
ferent localities, because jt Is evident that
creation of tntetoft in any locality will con
tribute to the prneral purpose.
It i* far from the intention of the committee
to interfere with the operation of any of your
rr.Rtured r>Iar.* but ft Is r«-(=p«*<Mfully submitted
that the failure of expe-ted an<1 necessary at
t*ndari<"e at the opposition is a maiter of euch
txtrfmc im|*ortance &s to oommsnd every
available force in directing the nttentlon of the
people of the who'.e country to the attractions
end merits of the exposition.
«
CAI.IFOIIMANS'AT THE FAIR.
While other Elks have been enjoying
a series of festivities the members of
the Grand Lodge have been in session
all day and again to-night. The recom
mendation of Grand Exalted Ruler
Fanning abolishing the grip and sign
was adopted, and the committee on
ritual was directed to prepare a new
edition for exemplification at the Buf
falo lodge next July.
The awarding committee, being un
able to decide the contest between
Manila and Los Angeles for the lodge
having the greatest aggregate mileage,
has referred the matter to the commit
tee on arrangements. The Californians
claim that they expended $12-000 In char
tering a special train to brine a laree
attendance here for the prize, while the
sixteen men of the Manila lodge are
Government employes in the Philip-"
pines and have been traveling in the
United States for months. There are so
many questions involved in the contest
that the general committee does not
expect to settle the controversy until
next week. *
The Grand Lodge considered changes
In the ritual. It is settled that there
will be no change from annual or bien
nial reunions at this meeting.
Preceding: races and field sports there
was a mammoth midday barbecue at
Oakley racetrack, where over 20,000
pounds of beef was served and burgoo
was made in several kettles holding 800
gallons each, while other refreshments
were without limit.
CINCINNATI, July 21.— The feature
to-day of the reunion of Elks was the
session of sorrow in memory of Past
Grand Exalted Ruler Meade D. Det
weiler, who was at his death chairman
of the board of governors of the Na
tional Home for Elks, in Richmond.
Va. Among: those who delivered ad
dresses were Past Grand \ Exalted
Rulers Fanning and Rickett. Judges
Fisher of New York and Slelvin of Cal
ifornia, after which resolutions were
adopted.
Statement Is 3Iade That the
Attendance Is Not Up to
Expectations of the Public
Committee on Ritual Is Di
rected to Prepare New Edi
tion for Exemplification
Slayer Approaches a Cabin
Where Victims Live and
Shoots Without Resistance
Seek Increase in Salaries
of Captains, Lieutenants,
. Engineers and Hostlers
WANT VACATIONS FIXED
MORE DEPUTIES SWORN
Excitement Is Great, but
Officers Declare They Are
Determined to Keep Peace
Tries to Extort a Hundred
Dollars From Miss Rose
McArdle for a License
HIS MEMORY FAILS HIM
MAY ABOLISH THE GRIP
SMALL BOY- IS WOUNDED
LETTERS TO FRANCIS
Quarrel About a Claim Re
sults in Double Killing
by Salmon Creek Man
Man Who Impersonated an
Internal Revenue Agent
Makes Insanity Defense
Circulate Petitions That
Changes Be Submitted to
a Vote of the Electors
National Commission Rec
ommends That Features Be
3Iore Generally Exploited
Crowd in Bonesteel Goes to
Rescue of Arrested Gam
bler and Gives Him Liberty
Solemn Ceremonies at Elks'
Keunion in Memory of the
Past Grand Exalted Ruler
HOWELL'S NERVE
IS ALCOHOLIC
MURDER ENDS
ROW OF MINERS
HOWLING MOB
ATTACKS POLICE
HOLD SESSION
OF MOURNING
FAIR IN NEED
OF ADVERTISING
FIREMEN WOULD
AMEND CHARTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -,. FRIDAY, JULY 22, 10,04.
4
REGAIJ SHOES. L___
Low Shoes for Hig'h
Temperature
% lioTT f' _
I i m \ ± P? rsuit of that
leads people to wear low
VI 70 1^ shoes—and it's pursuit of style
It A 60 V that leads them to wear Regals.
f) \ 50| y Regal Russet Oxfords possess the char-
i |40 * acteristic style and finish of the high-priced
3qI • custom models that are being worn right now
jo q in the most fashionable circles of both Europe
; 1 a I Bnd America. In addition to this they are
¦ o made from stock which our experts picked
I 10 B j from among the best skins on the market,
¦20 making the quality of Regals equal to their
30l style, the best summer shoes obtainable any-
'¦ «£ I where at any price.
igf I 15 styles of Russet Oxfords for men; 50
i Qj I] ! more styles in other leathers.
i ml The price, $3.50) always, everywhere.
Our new San Francisco Women's Store is showing a complete line
of summer Oxfords for Women in Russets and other leathers. They
embody all the latest custom designs, direct from New York. and Paris.
Sena for Style Book—Mail Orders promptly filled.
Therm are 78 Serai Stores, 36 of them In Greater Sew Tork, wher* the styles
oriarfaiate. The n«w styles are on sale in our San Francisco Store at ta* same
time as la the Hew Tork Stores. ¦¦•-'..
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STORE, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
WOMEN'S STORE, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
NEW OAKLAND STORE, ioio Broadway.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It 25 bottle MARQUETTE WHISKT at "So.
Salad Oil 20o qt. bottle tr, c
Ben refined oil— sweet and frech; r&Uon to--.
i Uaually 75c. ¦
BEST POTATOES. 12 lbs. 25c.
French Saxdiae* 3 cans 25c
In Olive Oil— Fine, bright, good flavor Sardines.
Full Klze. •¦
FRESH COOKING EGGS. DOZ. 22^0.
CREAMERY BUTTER Jg 30c
Diwct from creamery to us— no commission
man's profit to pay^
BEST CAL. WALNUTS. POUND 10e.
Fragrant T«as pound SSc
Uncolored Japan — English Breakfast— Ceylon
— Oolon<— Young Hyson or Mixed. Tea stoi«
price. 00c. t
MASON JARS, doxen 43e.
Costa Rica Coffee pound 2Oc
Many fell It at 33c as Java and Mocha. Fe*r
can detect difference. Monday only.
CELLULOID STARCH. 3 PKGS. 23c.
Xaptna Soap 6 cakes 23o
Cold Water »nd Naptha Soap — That's Alt.
60c BOT. SOUR MASH WHISKT. 30c.
Zinf andel Wins Gallon 45o
Rich old typ«- Sample at store. Usnally Wo.
40o PORT OR SHERRY. BOTTLE 23c.
Sorts Sbo« Wblsky bottle Q5o
90o quality. Sold as a leader to draw trsd».
40o BOT. RASPBERRY STRUT 23o.
Kentucky a X. Wnisky..H r*L S1.15
Good for pleasure or medicinal use. Usually
13 gal.
1001 Fillmore St 119 Taylor St
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
I free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m-
I MERCHANT TAILORS, I
\ 622 Market Street. {
< Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL \
i . SAN FRANCISCO. g
| Novelties in Imported Wear. $
P-s^ FAVORITE
PSCRIPTION
EL FOR WEAK WOMEW.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6-9 EEABXY ST. Establisbrd
In 1834 for the treatment nf HrlvatA
Diseases. Ln*t Manhood. Debility or
rtWeas** wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures whea
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<'nm («>rnnlrrd. Cii! i or wrile.
Pi*. J. r. MIBBOX, San Francisco. Cal
OCEAN TRAVEL.
# Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and H).
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wrang*!.
Juneau. Halr.es. Slca?uay.
etc., Alaska — 11 a. ex. July
19. 24. 29. Aug. 3. Changa
to company*! •teamen at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
B*llln?ham — 11 a. m., July 19. 24. 29, Aug. 3.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. July 21. 27 Au&\ 2. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
July 19, 24. 30. Aug. 8.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Lo« Anareles an«
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. -9 a. m
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and 'East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, Eaa Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenemt
»<">«». 9 »• ».. July 13, 28, Aug. V
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., July 22. SO. Aug T * -
For Envenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo«e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La PaWsanta Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m Ttheach moT
ALASKA EXCURSION'S. Season io£t
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Aue 2
U^-lierv^to |." f( L rma H On Obtaln «°Wer. Right
™ V 'L*.-!^ C " 'S^V- i° Mart ««t "t . and Broad-
c - D -,P x i? rANN - G «er*l Passenger Agsnt.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHTP CO.>
Steamers will leav» wharf, corner First and
Br U ni i?£x"J, re€U ' at * p ' m - for YOKOHAMA
•nd HONOKONO, callinr at Kobe (Hloco)
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. «tc w,,
cargo received on board on day of aaUtng
B. S. AMERICA MARU .....T^Tf;.
V fa Honolulu: * "Rcund-trtp'flcke^s^aV r^ducM
rates. For freight and passage apply «trn™_.
pany. offle*. 421 Market.tr.eY. c£K« FlS™*
*. H. AVERT. General jgt.
oceanics.s.eo. » Swa
_. _. OIRECI 1UU tol4Hir.
8 ", 8 -^ 8onon1 *' 'or Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. July is 2 p «
S.8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu Aug «." 11 i \f
8. S. MARIPO8A. for Tahiti. AugxTst 9 n am
J.D.SPBECHLS k BK05.Ca, Aits., Ticket Cflra 613 ifr-
til mm Cilice 323 KarlKt sl, Pier 7, PaciSs si
. — — —^ t
COMP105H 6X5SBALS TIU531TLAHTigUi.
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-p AR i3
Balling every Thursday Instead of *At&L
Saturday, .t 10 a. nvTfrom pTir tl fSbSt*
North Rlvtr. foot of Morton sc
First class to Havr. »To »nd unward. 3«an4
clasa to Havre. $43 and uoward OIN.
S»Ani GE '«V O ? UNITED STaTESASO
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudaoo tall4lnc>.
Nsw Tork. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Paclflo Cc*,t
Tickets sold b-r xl) TUtlmart Ttr»#t A»nf»
To TJT. 8. W»tt Tar« and Valle Jo.
Stmrs. Cen«ral Frlsbie. Montictllo and Arrow,
»:-l5 a. «n.. > 12:30, 3:15. 6. S:3O p. m. «ex. Hun.);
Sundays. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Val>jvi
** yi « 7 *• m " *:* 5 »• m. Pier 2. foot VIs-
fclon street; phone Main 130a HATCH BRJA
, To T7. 8. IT»Ty Tmrd and V»n«J«».
nft 1 *^*. U ' W J -. Corcoran— Leave, n.. V.. ioot of
ot« I '%n i h * nd ferry bids.— Week Uar». -
I m^« M p 3 u mnd . ** P - M ' : Sundays, woo
P m M * "i?* and 5:3a p M - Sunday* i
i- :"• •*'•• «*ch way. Excursion r»»*.
*S? t^ I? £¦"•*'• ™* a Coy9 " n<s Martlr*.'.
5?° ™* n * *J«P- PIPER. ADEN. GOODAlO,
CO.. pho M Mala wi. .Saturday unpti
----'. :_,..',- - A P .Y^' R^ S^^S^ TSt
"'>-'"' , ¦ -y y-
Boys' Two- Piece School Suits at $3.00
Though these suits are on special sale they are bright, new goods recently
made. up. by us in our own workshops. They comprise fancy ScoTch cheviots in all
the new fall colorings. The linings are good and the making excellent: The ages
range from 8 to 15 years. 5
• . As the garments are our make and bear our name, we guarantee them to the
fullest extent. The material is strictly all wool, the colors absolutely fast and the
workmanship first class in every particular.
Other stores ask $5 for garments like them. They buy their goods from jobbers
and manufacturers—that's why their price is high. Buy your son's school suit of
us and you save the middleman's profit, which is enough to buy the boy his shoes.
See the suits on display in our windows. Baseball and bat or* a "good Docket
knife free. with each suit. <i : -^;
¦ ; — ' — ¦ : j ' \ ¦ ,
Special No. I AA/ffcTiTV V fti S P edal No - 2
only-r«gular$5.00.mok. >¦* / *?,__. _^7 V/-' only-regular $8.00 smok-
|fa g j.ck.Ufor$ 3 .25. | 74Q Ma t t hgi'ckeu tor $4.35."As the dominant race, if we ad
mitted equality with Inferior races we
would lose the power which '¦ gave us
our dominance." . '
LONDON, July 21.— Joseph Cham
berlain, defending in the House of
Commons the Introduction of Chi
nese labor into . the Transvaal, which
policy was instituted while he was
Colonial Secretary, contended that
white laborers : would not work side
by side with black laborers - on equal
terms, and he thought the .white men
were right. He added:
Joseph Chamberlain Defends Intro
duction of Chinese Labor Into
South Africa.
OPPOSES EQUALITY OF
BLACK AND WHITE MEN
A Chance to Visit Del Monte.
Hotel Del Monte is one of the «how place*
of. the world. First-clan tickets between San
Francisco and Lou Angeles, either way. with
two days' entertainment at this great hotel
°? I^?r I °°S «*"««»•¦ ™te $H B07 Privilege
of thirty, days' rtopover. Aak Southern Pa"
Tacrcart Makfnc Hard Ffeht for the
Campaign Leadership.
NEW YORK. July 21. - If Senator
CHAIRMANSHIP YET IN DOUBT.
SAN RAFAEL, July 21.— The Demo
crats of Marin County met in conven
tion In this city to-day and indorsed
Congressman Bell for renomination in
the Second District. The platform
adopted by the St. Louis convention
was also indorsed, and the delegates
elected to the joint Senatorial conven
tion were pledged to support J. W
Keys for joint Senator from Marin and
Contra Costa counties. 1
A resolution indorsing the action
?ni h w Ca i if °l? la d « Ie^ atlo ° in, present
ing W. R. Hearst's name at the St
Louis convention was adopted.
A. F. Irwin was nominated' for the
Assembly and V. J. B. Cheda, Charles
Dowd and E. J. Callan for Supervisors!
MARIX COUNTY DEMOCRATS.
Meet at San Rafael and Nominate
Legislative and Local Tickets.
NEW YORK. July ii.— That Gov
ernor Odell within a few days will an
nounce that Elihu Root has consented
to become the Republican candidate
for Governor is the belief of many Re
publican leaders who are familiar
with the events that have/followed
Root's visit to President Roosevelt -in
Oyster Bay on Tuesday.
Root permitted it to.be understood
after he left the President that he
was about to go to Clinton. N. Y., on
his vacation and that he had freed his
mind of all political anxieties. In
stead of going away he has devoted
the timo since the conference to con
sultations with the leaders.
Governor Odell would not admit to
night that he had agreed to accept
ROOt. r. ,'.; r
York Is Expected.
Ills Nomination for Governor of Xew
ROOT MAY HEAD THE TICKET.
RENO, July 21.— Another case has
been added to the long list of Truckee
River mysteries. The body of N.
Ahearn of Oakland, for two years an
employe of the San Francisco Con
struction Company, but latterly en
gaged in Government work in Nevada,
was found to-day floating in the
stream. His skull was frightfully
crushed, a rope was tied about his neck
and the pockets in his clothes were
turned inside out. ? Every indication
goes to show that Ahearn was mur
dered and that robbery was the mo
tive.
Ahearn was last seen alive on Tues
day, when he cashed a check for $100.
Not a cent of the money was found
upon the body to-day, and a gold watch
Ahearn was known to carry is also
missing. He was a peaceable man, so
far' as known, but on Tuesday stated
that he was going to quit his position
on account of not being able to get
along with one of the Government in-,
spectors on the work. He did not men
tion the man's name.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Pacific is preparing to
combat the entrance of another system
to Puget Sound by further shortening
its own line and making ready to build
down the. north bank of the Columbia
River, thereby securing a water grade
for its Oregon business.
President Elliott and all the heads of
departments have just spent ten days
in Idaho inspecting the route of the
proposed cut-off from Missoula, Mont.,
to Lewiston, Idaho, together with the
extensions through the wheat district
of Idaho and the proposed short cut
across the Palouse wheat district of
Eastern Washington. . These extensions
are in strictly Oregon Railroad and
Navigation territory, further evidenc
ing the fact that no peace has been
TACOMA, July 21.— President Elliott
of the Northern Pacific makes a posi
tive denial of the reports that peace
has been made between the Northern
Pacific and the Harriman system,
whereby the Harriman roads are to se
cure an entrance to Puget Sound cities
over the Northern Pacific tracks from
'Portland. Recent tide land purchases
in Seattle were supposed to be for
either- the Harriman system or the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
way, or these two systems Jointly.
These options have been allowed to
lapse, giving rise to a report of track
age arrangements. The options taken
on Tacoma tide lands have not yet ex
pired. -J&~'z
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Body of N. Ahearn Is Found
in the Truckee Kiver and
Watch and Money Gone
President Elliott of the
Northern Pacific Company
Denies Settlement Story
OAKLAND MAN
IS MURDERED
RAILROAD WAR
IS TO CONTINUE
MAKES A PLEA
FOR BIG NAVY
FINDS DEFECT
IN THE PAPERS
Governor of Washington Ke
fuses to Honor Eequisition
for Eeturn of Loy Sen
Captain Hobson Delivers an
Interesting Lecture Before
Chautauquan Assembly
Epecial Dispatch to Th» Call.
OLTMPIA. "Wash., July 21.— Because
of a defect in the papers presented by
Detective F. J. Coleman of the San
Francisco police department. Governor
McBride to-day refused to honor th»
requisition for the return of Ah Oy,
alias Loy Sen, -a Chinese woman -who
is fighting against her return to San
Francisco, where she is wanted on a
charge of embezzling $1000.
Loy Sen, it is claimed, was brought
to the United States in slavery.
Through the agency of a mission la
San Francisco she escaped from the
slave owners and went to Seattle and
later to Walla Walla, Wash., where she
was married to one of her countrymen.
The charge of embezzlement, she
claims, was brought to secure her re
turn to slavery In San Francisco.
The affidavit of Charles Dowell, m.
Seattle lawyer, was presented. Dowell
swore that he was present at the
woman's wedding In Walla Walla, sev
en days after the crime was alleged to
have been committed in San Francisco,
and that he had seen her In Walla
Walla long prior to that date. • \
gins there will be a war such as the
world has never seen. This programme
could be stopped if we had an adequate
navy."
To receive the. false Is to reject the
true.
PACIFIC GROVE. July 21.— Captain
Hobson lectured in the Chautauquan
Auditorium this afternoon on "The
American Navy," and made a strong
plea for its strengthening. He said his
highest ambition was to see America
mistress of the seas. He wanted to see
so many gund in our navy that their
great number would make it unneces
sary to use them.
"Give us an adequate navy,"|Said he,
"and no foreign power can ever land
on our 17,000 miles of seacoast, within
gunshot of which 20,000,000 of our'peo
ple have their homes. Russia would
now mortgage her empire for four gen
erations to get twenty battleships, but
she can't get them, while Japan is
happy because she sQent so much
money. on her navy."
Captain Hobson said that there was
an understanding among the military
powers of Europe to dismember and di
vide China among themselves, and he
wanted the Monroe doctrine extended
to China to prevent it. The powers
would take advantage of the present
war to divide China. He predicted that
Port Arthur would fall, as only 20,000
men were left there instead of 120.000.
"The European nations will not de
clare war on Japan," he said, "but will
notify her that she is disturbing the
peace of the world. Then the present
war will stop and the powers will ex
tend their possessions in Chiryi as an
excuse for maintaining peace there.
The moment the partition of China be-
TACOMA, Wash.. July 21. — Any
thing but harmony prevails among
Washington Democrats, part of whom
will warmly support Parker and Davis,
while, another large faction remains
perfectly loyal to Bryan and his more
radical ideas. At Spokane it is pro
posed to put an independent labor
ticket for State officers in the field if
the Spokane County Democratic Con-'
vention, indorses former Senator Tur
ner for Governor.
At a meeting of the Spokane Labor
Leaguers held Tuesday night Turner
was denounced as an enemy of organ
ized labor. George F. Cotterill, Demo
cratic candidate for Congress, two
years ago, has issued a circular to the
Bryan Democrats throughout the State
urging them to rebuke the Wall-street
ticket nominated at St. Louis and re
questing them to join him in organiz
ing another party.
Many Washington Bourbons Will Not
Support Parker and Davis.
DEMOCRATS ARE AT WAR.
"We have also reached a time when
the Postoffice Department should em
brace a telegraphic system as well as a
mall system. While the telegraph
lines do not reach , as many people as
the railroads do, and while thQ abuses
of private ownership have not been so
open and are not serious, there is no
reason why this nation should not do
what other nations are doing in this re
spect." ; --.--- ,v--* >•- -¦ -«•¦.
LINCOLN, Neb., July 21.— William J.
Bryan's plan for the reformation of
Democracy was published to-day.
Bryan favors radical changes, but ad
vocates the election of Judge Parker
for President as a good beginning. He
declares for state ownership of rail
roads. Government control of tele
graphs, abolishment of private monop
oly, the income tax and the election of
P'ederal Judges by the people. Bryan
says in part:
•'The money question Is for the pres
ent in abeyance. The increased produc
tion of gold has lessened the strain
upon the dollar, and while bimetallism
is as sound in the ordinary as it ever
was, the necessity for it is not so ap
parent.
"While I have heretofore refused to
take a position upon the question . of
Government ownership of railroads, re
cent events have convinced me that the
time is now ripe for the presentation of
the question. The plan usually sug
gested is for the purchase of these
roads by the Federal Government. This
plan, it seems to me, is more objection
able than a plan which involves the
ownership and operation of these roads
by the several States. To put the rails*
in the hands of the Federal Govern
ment would mean an enormous cen
tralization of power. It would give to
the Federal Government a largely in
creased influence over the citizen and
the citizen's affairs, and such centrali
zation is not at all necessary. The
States can own and operate railroads
within their borders just as effectively
as it can be done by the Federal Gov
ernment, and if it is done by the States
the objection based upon the fear of
centralization is entirely answered. A
board composed of representatives
from the various States could deal with
inter-State traffic of the various lines.
"While the Democratic party in the
nation is advocating Government own
ership of railroads, the Democratic
party in the cities should, upon the
same theory, espouse the cause of mu
nicipal ownership of municipal fran
chises.
Advocates the Ownership of Railroads
by thc States.
BRYAN SPRINGS NEW ISSUE.
National Committee, has issued the
following call for a meeting:
"Under the authority of the Demo
cratic Xational Convention, I hereby
call the Democratic National Com
mittee to meet at the Hoffman House,
New York City, on Tuesday, July 26,
at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
organizing and transacting such other
business as may come before the com
mittee."
FOB OF BOODLERS, WHO HEADS
THE DEMOCRATIC STATE
TICKET IN MISSOURI.
.TOXES ISSUES THE CAliL.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— James K.
Jones, chairman of the Democratic
Tha responsibility for the existence of cor
ruption does not rest upon either party but
this Dcrncratc party has assumed the re
¦pcBstbUity for ttarnping It out and we want
all pood '¦itiier.s of every r-JHical belief to
s!d U5. The battle against boodle has only
commenced in Missouri. If I em elected to a
larrer field of opportunity I propose to make
Missouri the most unhealthy place In all the
land for corruptior.iits to cperate in.
ticnists from our political life. I have- been
f.frhtirjr them with all the powers at my com
mand and have lathed them with the whip of
»h»> law. I have no favors to ask of them and
to quarter to give. It is ¦unrelenting warfare
to the end. In their frenzied desperation they
have spewed out their vomit of slander and
stuse.
Th*r«» are two things I am proud of: one
the aid and assistance of good citizens given
rne. and the other the intense hatred and ma
lirir.us mouthing* of corrupt en-miee.
When I «ee about me representatives of the
Democratic party of Missouri, and when I real
ire I have been chosen to represent the plan*
and po'.ides of that treat party, I am pro
roundly impressed with the responsibility of
rr.y position. "While I in gratified by the con
fidence you ha-.* expressed in me, I do not con
gratulate myself upon the hi^h honor you have
don* me, because my rr.'.r.l l» full of anxious
d»£-re to perform wrll tbe part that has been
at signed '- to me. Hiis '<campalcn -has beea
•waited, not for a man. but for an idea.
If your selection ehall be ratified by the
people of the State. I shall do my very best to
carry out the policies for which the masses of
t*ie Democratic party have been contending.
The exposures of corruption in Missouri have
made the people realire the menace to rood
government if it is tolerated, and the neces
sity of stamping out the influence cf corrup-
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., July 21.—
The Democratic State convention to
day nominated the following ticket:
Governor, Joseph W. Folk, St. Louis;
Lieutenant Governor, Thomas L.
Rubey; Secretary of State, Sam B.
Cook: Auditor, Albert O. Allen; Treas
urer, James G. Cowgill; Attorney Gen
eral, Elliot W. Majors; Railroad and
Warehouse Commissioner, H. Rubey
Ogles by; Presidential Electors, Robert
H. Kern, Moses C. Wetmore.
The Folk idea of fighting against
bribery and the corruption of officials
throughout the State was the elogan
of the convention, and the platform
adopted stands for the stamping out
of bopdling and the prosecution of
oorruptionists and boodlers to the bit
ter end. Folk, in accepting the nom
ination for Governor, said in part:
Grover Cleveland's published article
discussing the present Democratic
policy and Judge Parker's leadership
is regarded by Judge Parker as likely
to be of great value in the campaign
as one of the strongest appeals yet
made to Democratic voters. With re
g-ard to the frequently made statement
that an invitation to visit Rosemount
had been received and ignored by
Charles F. Murphy, leader of Tam
many, It is learned that the report was
based upon a remark made by Bourke
Cochran during his recent call upon
Judge Parker. Cockran Is said to
have suggested such a visit by the
Tammany leader and Judge Parker
said he would be very glad to welcome
Murphy to Rosemount whenever Mur
phy could find it convenient to come.
It is said that W. R. Hearst haa
been Invited to Rosemount, but no
date has been fixed for the call.
. ESOPUS, X, Y., July 21. — This has
been the quietest day sit Rbsemount
since Judge Parker's nomination. The
only guest was Henry Loomis Nelson
of Williams College, who remained a
short time.
liifiits of Grover Cleveland.
QUlli^ DAY AT ROSEAJOUXT.
Judse Parker Pleased With State-
Henry G. Davis, the Democratic
candidate for Vice President, started
for Bedford Springs, Pa., to-day.
Thomas Taggaft, member of the Demo
cratic National Committee from In
diana, to-day had a conference with
John W. Kern. Mr. Kern is just as de
termined as ever to insist upon Mr.
Taggart, and?is still talking about the
importance of the West in connection
with the campaign.
Tagffart, it is expected, will meet the
members of the national committee as
they arrive here. He says that there
is nothing for him to say now and he
does not intend to discuss the matter.
August Belmont settled all talk about
himself in connection with the national
chairmanship by telling his friends
that he would not be considered for the
place., It is said Belmont favors Tag
gart for the place.
Unless Taggart should voluntarily
withdraw it is not believed Senator
Gorman would allow his name to be
used, and perhaps not even in that con
tingency. At the same time some of
the ..Eastern men still' think that the
Maryland Senator is a possibility and
do not relinquish the hope that he will
manage the campaign.
Most of the Democratic leaders who
have been conferring about the chair
manship have left the city and are not
expected to return until Monday.
Gorman will not take the chairman
ship of the Democratic National Com
mittee, the men who have been urging
him for the place will turn their at
tention to William F. Sheehan and try
to cause his election by the- national
committee. They say either Sheehan
or Gorham is preferred over Taggart,
because either of them vrould be able
to command the attention of Eastern
business men and obtain. a large cam
paign fund. While the Judge's ad
visors say that Taggart will be amply
provided for in an advisory capacity,
they think that either Gorman or
Sheehan, with their wide experience,
would be better able to conduct the
campaign. -
Democratic Nominee for Governor Gives Pledge to the Convention
That He Will Purge Commonwealth of Bribe-Givers and
Men Who Regard Public Service as a Field for Corruption
FOLK PROMISES TO MAKE MISSOURI
AN UNHEALTHY STATE FOR BOODLERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!. FRIDAY. JOT.V 22, 190*.
| NEWMAN, July 21. — News has been re
ceived here of the drowning this afternoon at
Dickinsons Ferry, on the San Joaquln, in Mer
ced'County, of a young man named : Smith.
No particulars are known here.
made between the.Northern Pacific and
Harriman. •
5
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the y^-.y^^
Signatwo of.C^us^/jf JyZ&/UAi.
for Infants and Children.
CASTOR I A
A D VERTISEMEXTS.
THE E ?;_^ R^ Ua f; j THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. j THEEMPORTDM.
5. Hsre is J^^^^^^m*. — > * • We lubstantute " jg
I •— t union of •.-... , , fj* **» our S
\ Quality and iLjffiprffoi/fvifiitJtr Money-Back \
i Enonnmv %rfft>C?nMwl4Ui£&^. Guarantor I
K Bm%MiSa§M3W¥iy California's LARGEST- — U9 U*MM^cMaWSi3 g
l . :¦¦'.!&£££./ ; " >^^JIliUII'""""^U, l ua^R < N BeS TSTOH C "^ ST" _|
I Beginning This Morning We'll Watch Free j»
I Offer Traveler's Sample Line > W«" f *• r J£ I
g % «4l4£fM9#>« School Suit /^^^k\ i
'* : Jrlil?% Jmm Skt $2 4?5 ' ** itSOyS nfp 0^ \ /^^x\ *
1 ! iJlH^if : wdfiBra Halt * thou$and P airs ofthencw Until further notice we will give with any (If";' * 6 'l[} %
1 ! * tsSSSBSSr fal1 8tjrI " Of mC " >S shocs — no tvvo boys* suit in the honse (sizes ss above), and ex- Vfcjs /^> t Ajji) -J
* UraPr pairs alike, both high and low cuts cepting wash tuhs> Q , rce# A good W. 7 K ' <r %
¦ * JUana " in kid *' rus8c:s ' P atent coIt and American nickci-platcd watch, full size, open '5
5 JMWM calf Ieathcrs ' A manufacturer's facCf an CICC n cnt t i m -keepcr. ;<
* 1 samples for his travelers of the -J
5 ncw fal1 8tv] " that arc to seli at s an * ra i n " ucemen t $
ij \|i|J*§»§>r S3- 5° the P air — sizes 7 a?id y}4 To-Day and Saturday we offer: ¦£
; i £"& of°4 n i.ot. a p^r^^ Ch >y ff One Stylish-New Fall Suit- One K. & S. Laundered' Waist- j
a ° beginning th's morning One extra pair pants to match. And a watch free. J
! K ' The Suits are new arrivals, double breasted styles, durable \\
i* w^ft a% «-» erj- cheviots in nobby gray and brown mixtures, lined with strong *
\K &%mG DS*3lB3C \FeMS Jr-X9G .^MsESSi£&' t '??> Italian; aU tea mi *re taped and double ititched, 10 they can't rip; the roia alone lie jold m 5
* . • ¦ : ' |\3^f^£?v3?*^§iV '.many ftores at $3.50 and I4.00. Sizej for 7 to 16 years.
J . To-day [ind Saturday if quantities last] The Extra Pair Pants are made of same materials to match \
J ..bion«b.e drape ve,:s 1 / 3 and , # yara, suits J sizes for 7 to 16 vears « ' f
: tf long — in blacks, b.ues, dark and go. den brown \ S £?*<'^^2iM\.'-:'"r — .-. . • iL , . . , v «. - , '. .^. ' c
* -wmeof.chiffon with 1 3/-»ch hem-other, V \- 7 The Waists are the celebrated K. & S. make, with detachable J
» f»« t,,r f( )n mike ivitn rh-niiv dots in \ \ . k- patent bands, with or without collars, laundered ready to put on; •
tf a fancy tuxedo mike, mtn chemhc dots in \, \ '> jU'\(h gcoi percale, in a dozen new patterns. Th:y are better than the nraal 50c kinds. 5
v center and graduated chenille dot border — sate (. «-» • »j a% *•* a rr-+s-**~%. 9
II price for th, two days, each. . <*&* :^Jj3f C> PW^ Boys' Suits $3 tO *^O |
j 5 _ Sale Men's $15.00, $!8.00 r $20.00 «
I Half Hose Sterling Stiver a-~aa o..r*~» #-^« j**** s*% 5
I Half Price Brooches. 25c FBU SUItS far 9lZ.5U f
$ Three lots to-day and Saturday. O ur jcweTv buyer was fortunate in S * vcral hnndrcd of .- th J em left for to-dsy'. and Saturday'. scIIbg^Md |
i fc - Lot No. 1-iMcn s extra good qual ty :m- v "' J- ' ' mostly of thc higher priced ones. £
, J ported Cott 3 n Ho e, in hi s h colors P olka purch..u,g looo s erhnj f «.rer W J f |t P ]cj bccaajc htyc rcduccd I
* dots and cmbrciJerrd enYcti, regular 2«c French grav Brooches, in new and ' J „ ' , , ¦ ' } . •
i valu-,,pair. . .' 12 %O n0VC I designs - bead,, .nnbnnts. here thc ncwc.t fall style, and actually aave to 57 50 on joor ,mt? «
t Lot No. 2- Men's *ancy embroidered and wnithi *£* tJut ; f bought ; n thc Of course WC Can t keep On idling $15.00 tO $20.00 Suits for $12.50, J
*° pla^n colored Half Hosf, the plain colors, fast re8a iar way wou'd sell for 50c, which^^_ Buy your suit now before thl» chance i, gone. The Suit* offered are 3 J
* buck, tan,andbu S ;r C guar 35 c value we wiu W u whiie .roantity .'ait», each and 4 button sacks in the new fall styles— have broad concave shoulders *
y pair. . . . . . :^- • • • •• • • looo very Ijcitt Belt Fin*, in Frencj, and close-fitting collars, stiff fronts that won't sag. hand-made button- %
if Lot No. 3-Mm't fine lisle, lace, . Ik and 8»y fini>h . ao diffefcnt dei! « n> ' nch > 5Q O , holes and tailored thronghoat by band, which makes them set and fit like J
ft' lisle Half Ho-e, stripes, figurts' and fancy em- ¦ cuitom-madc suiti. Yen can choose from fine cheviots, plaids and orer- «•
*° broidercd efiects—aiio plain black lace tcckt, Standard Author >s— Ototh- plaids and stripes, in the new brown, and grays — all sizes 34 to 42. also «
J th. kind that $e :i eve.ywh-re at 50c the pair; Bound Books, 25c both , toatB tnd Jongs— best bargain, yet at <aEMfO £S*% *
V tor this sale 2SO Printed on gcoi paptr, large type. English 1 5
{ J» -^—^^— •— i^— — —^—^— — silk doth, gilt top, about 250 titles of these m^ m J mmm^ mm^^^ » _ _^ . __ h^ m 3*
I * Children's School Stock' t0 » e!cct from E*mm44-*~ ««»#*» Q«f« *** u~* %
i Ings and Knit Underwear g^SS^S 1^.-. BUttCr SaM ff iCi OfH Ot |
ft Children's ixl ribbed fast Hack cotton L«na Rivers— Holmes. Friday and Saturday * Vw3TGt* t»3fJSp JLfCm *3
J. school bo:e, double knee, heel and tole; tize. Tem^B^SVunahTn^Holme.. Another offering of Our best Cream- Friday and Saturday X
ft 5 to oli, vt.t 12 l Ac Uncle Tom's Cabin — Stowe. n r .. CinnA rr\\*W~ Wnr W»*mr R™»»' &
5 ~l\V • x uj f First vioiin-rothergiu. cry Butter, fnll size **%Jg^ * jOOd rcllab - c w °t vvatcr Bottics, x
% > Children s 1x1 and 2x1 nbbed, extra heavy, In the Golden Day»-Lyall. .ouares at that will give entir; satisfaction. X
•I 4-threal fait black cotton hose, double knee, Lorna Doone— BlMkmore. squares, ai - ,.* , • _ o^ .%
I French heels and sole., the •¦everlasting- 0^ Swi " Chet,t~ Imported Emanthal, , J^^^' ' |gj $
» sues 6 to 10, pair 25C Origin of Species— Darwin. ........ *? C . c 1. - . * j? T «
X Chldren's ixi ribbed medium heavy fast MwSSEhZilioV 110 - * 5°"! B " f^ X^ Tt ?"'„ VrJ C 2B ° .^ FoV-ntaifl Syringe— Complete J
ft" black cotton hose, linen knee, heel and toe; the MtoX^D. Foe. "<"'"« " Cbol « HoUand ' aU MJchaen^ 7 with 3 hard rubber pipes. £
K famous «'No-IMend"-ii*ei etoo^nr 9K*% Quo Vadls— Slenklewicz. nsh £00 75c, 2-qr. t:zs . . . SOC .*
8 h TJ i 'Z,"^';:"\iT,^- h ''' ' sssskiga^"*-* • A^SfcSdVia^vi^i.;?*" — — -— — *
% . and sole; our "Victory, the best m the mar- Frpr.ch Revolution— Carlylft. H;,lh o ttle Siftn b£b*%M*»C' CZ ft *± '5
i »!«» «^^f? ~?P f
S sirtt 18 to 3+, garment . 25o . Beulah-Evan«. Alcohot— Best Eastern, faJ quarts .. 82O in modes, beavers, grays, whites and X
ft* Children's lamb wool vests, ¦ ' &*' black; the most send- *
I SZ^ '"'•'""""••"""¦ Sale Girls' Wool Dresses Sale Girls' Wash Dresses. 0 ;^ I
| Sl Wi4oa«o Half Price Half Price ' ailooi v r7 , m °, chthe *¦
* Sixes . 24. 26 28 c o \ u • i. u • i.x j mmmmmm m m am*** same as a Suede glove — J*
f 50o B5O600 J e e s r£e s y C 4 Ot t C o h 1 ? 1^Jf' n ew n orkes Sa Cheviots - S . ginehams, per- comfort, good .„«** j
* eio ?3o 73*1 .',. . V $1:2S ?to SI 2.50 cales and seersuckers . 1 29o and 49o S=o<icar,bm, 7 . P r.50o $
$ # — ' IS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1| Brand ||
P Evaporated M
ip Oreaiti m
Eg alvays bears the above Qspflf
i||j label. It means the samej|*|
|||a as telling you that we E«l
ri back up its purity with aflf
H! $5,000 guarantee. f||i
|H Made by the largest pro- JSf
jgggi ducers of Evaporated Mgi
yg|P Cream in the. world,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Frice Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBZSB ABTD SALT MEATS. .
FK liftVF^ R CAS shJ PP ln K Butcher*. 10S
.AJ« DUIEJ tt \AI' Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
_____ OH.S. '
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS
41h Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PKiirrnro.' '
I C- KFIfiffF^Lv rmNTEn.
" n ~- ~~ "' m
I In The Sunday Call, July 24th, Begins a
%:;"H^;s«rj!w/oft^\i^p-v.n^jfSj^ FV
Famous I ¥ 11X# ¦ * v w v m- ¦ ( j
Articles by Finley Peter Dunne
Whose pung«Qt humor, ar)d political satires have o e ver failed to
• convulse .ttyfc entire country with laughter.
find Will appear every Sunday after July 24 until completed.
¦^.^___^^__^^ . • ¦ • . --" • ¦-¦¦'•*¦•. ¦-*?, -¦•-.-•- ¦ _,__ENGLAND WILL GIVE
BOERS ELECTIVE MEMBERS
Colonial Secretary Lyttelton An
nonnces New Plan of Repre
sentation In Transvaal.
; LONDON,' July 21.— During the dis
cussion of South African affairs in the
House of Commons to-day. Colonial
Secretary Lyttelton announced that
the Government intended next year to
give the Transvaal representative in
stitutions, by substituting elected for
nominated members of the Executive
Council.
Widow of Henry George Dies.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Mra. George,
widow of the late Henry George, the
political economist of this city, died
last night at her home at Montlcello,
New York, aged 60 years.
Fnneral. of Thomas B. Walker.
OAKLAND, July 21. — The funeral
of Thomas B. Walker, who was
drowned in the Truckee River on July
16, will -be held at 2 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon (Friday) from James
Taylor's, 1211 Clay street. The de
ceased was a member of Stockton
Lodge, No. 20, Knights of Pythias.
Morse's Remains Brought Home
OAKLAND. July 21.— The remains
cf George B. Morse, the son of Harry
N. Morse, the veteran detective of San
Francisco, who was murdered in
Marysville by Claude Hankins of Ala
meda on July 19, have been brought
to thia city for burial. The funeral
will be held from the family home in
East Oakland at 2 p. m. to-morrow.
BERKELEY. July 21.— Miss Edith II.
Clayes of Berkeley and Dr. W. I. Clayed of
San • Francisco were married Tuesday ! evening
at the home of the bride's parents. The cere
mony was conducted by the Rev. Edgar F. Gee
of St. John's Church of Oakland in the pres
ence of a few relatives and Intimate friends.
Dr. Ferdinand Friedhofer of San Francisco
supported the groom and Miss Mary B. Clayes
sister of the bride, was bridesmaid. The
guests were Mr. and Mra. J. A. Clayes of San
Francisco, Professor and Mrs. William Carey
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. L. G. Harrier of Vallejo,
Madamoiselle Marty, the Misees Frances and
Elsie Joneo, Miss Ruth Lange, Joseph R.
Clayes, 8. R. Clayes, Frank Wellington. Miss
Jilla Wellington, Gregory Harrier and Mr. and
Mrs. H. M. Clayes, the bride's parents.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Van Pelt of 1312 Twen
ty-third avenue. East Oakland, ¦ are epending
the summer at Hay wards.
! Mrs. Isaac L,. Requa Is preparing to go to
Santa Barbara very shortly, to remain the rest
of the summer at the Hotel Potter. She will
be accompanied by General and Mrs. Oscar
F.-.Long and the little Long children, who are
never very long away from their beloved grand
mother, Mrs. Requa. /
side of the bay. and her remarkable progress
from the first was evidence of her ability. ! She
Is an excellent accompanist and the church
people of the First Presbyterian are fortunate
In securing her services. . >.
CUTTER MAXXIXG IS
SENT TO MARE ISLAND
Chief of Service Orders Repairs Mado
and nn Investigation of the
Accident.
WASHINGTON, July 21.— Captain
Shoemaker, chief of the revenue cut
ter service, has directed the cutter
Manning, which grounded yesterday,
to proceed to Mare Island, where she
will be docked and examined. Cap
tain Munger, inspector of the revenue
cutter service at San Francisco, and
Lieutenant Cantwell. in command of
the cutter Golden Gate, have been di
rected to investigate the grounding of
the Manning.
Gada's Wound Likely to Prove Fatal.
SALINAS, July 21. — Joseph Gada of
San Jose, who accidentally shot him
self In the groin Wednesday while
hunting deer near Tassajara Springs,
has been brought here for treatment.
The surgeons attending him do not
expect him to recover.
SANTA ROSA. July 2t.— Miss Caroline Boo
her of this city became the bride of ¦ «5<k>tk<»
Otis Harwell, a merchant of Clovls, Fresno
County, on Wednesday. The couple are gradu
ates of the Pacific MethoUlst College la this
city and have many friend* here.
OAKLAND, July 21. — Mrs. E. Fried
berg, who resides at 517 Forty-fourth
street, was robbed of $140 worth of
jewelry at the Free Market yesterday
while shopping. A purse containing
two diamond rings, a cameo ring, a
plain gold ring and two stick pins, was
stolen from her satchel. The theft has
been reported to the police.
Jewelry Stolen at Market.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Ignacio Cal
deron of Bolivia, who came here sev
eral months ago with a proposition to
American bankers that they should
take charge of $10,000,000 received by
his country in settlement of the Acre
dispute and, form a syndicate to de
velop the Bolivian railroads, announces
that the contract has been closed with
a French concern. The New York
bankers refused to take up the matter.
The work will require a total outlay
of $35,000,000.
The new system will be about 500
miles long. It is proposed to build a
railroad from La Paz to Oruro, corv*
necting that city with the present rail
road system down to the Pacific.
Syndicate Will Construct a Line 500
Miles' Long From La Paz
to Oraro.
FRENCHMEN TO BUILD
RAILROADS IX BOLIVIA
Will Test Divorce I>a\v.
OAKLAND, July 21. — Attorney W.
H. L. Hynes will probably test the di
vorce law in the case of Ida Her
bert, who some time ago got a
final decree against T. J. Herbert,
her husband. Hynes may apply to -the
Hupreme Court for a writ of manda
mus to compel the issuance of a final
decree. If the court holds that Mrs.
Herbert is not entitled to a final de
cree she mujt wait one year before the
legal separation has become a finality
The question involved is whether a
final decree of divorce is valid, though
granted since the new law went into
effect. The law provides that divorced
lersons must wait one year for The
final decree. The present tangle was
caused by the Supreme Court when it
affirmed the validity of the interloc
utory decree law. Judges in this
county and elsewhere had held the
law invalid.
OAKLAND, July 21. — The will of
the late Clara H. Banning was filed
for probate to-day. Her estate is
valued at $50,000 and consists of Ha
waiian sugar interests, stocks and
bonds. The bulk of the property goes
to her son, Bernard R.' Banning, while
some legacies are left to her three
sisters and a $100 bequest to the
Hampton Institute of Virginia.
Present Banning Will.
The appointment of Miss Mabel Hill to suc
ceed Mis* Virginie de Fremery as organist at
ths First Presbyterian Church has given great
natisfactlon to the many admirers of that ex
tremely talented young woman. Miss Hill
studied for some time with ; Will Kin*, ac
knowledged to be the beat organist on this
Mrs. Herbert Duncan Gasklll, who has been
the motif for a number of pleasant- social
events during her lislt to Oakland, will be
the guest of honor at an afternoon which Miss
Margaret Olcese Is planning for next Wednes
day. - .---.•• - - . ...-:
-' Mrs. C. O. Atwater of Honolulu is the guest
of Mrs. C. B. Parcells for a few days. A half
ddzen Intimates will spend the : afternoon to
morrow at the Parcells home on Wejaster street
to enjoy an Informal hour or two with I their
sewing. If the weather permits tea will'tbu
served in the garden, which is an Ideal spot
on a warm day. .v
Miss Carrie Nicholson is planning a series
of pleasant affairs, the first to take place to
morrow, when she will entertain a dozen . or
more friends at luncheon and cards. The Nich
olson girls are delightful hostesses and a bid
to their home generally meets with a ready ac
ceptance. ¦ ; - ; .
The ''doctor's gig" has grown to be a fa
miliar sight on Harrison street recently There
*ave been several cases lately of severe illness
among residents on that thoroughfare and none
that i« the occasion of Jnore regret than that
of young Ellis de Golla, the son of Mr. and
Mrs. George E. de Golia. The little ' fellow Is
very ill of typhoid fever and his parents and
friends are quite alarmed. Stephen T. Gage
has also been confined to his home for some
time with malarial fever, but every one will
be glad to know that he Is Improving.
Mrs. Richardson. Bessie Gage that was Ms
expected in Oakland about August 5 and will
'remain for two or three months. She will
be accompanied by Mr. Richardson who
however, will make only a short. stay.'
After a reception and supper at the Hotel
Metrcpole Lieutenant and Mrs. Daly departed
on their honeymoon trip, which will end at
Alcatraz, where the groom is stationed.
Lieutenant James Gibson Taylor of" the Thir
teenth was beat man and his bride, with Mrs
Gilbert McElroy. another bride of the same
regiment, manipulated the ribbons '
«P er w W^ re o, f0U , r whlte R° wned bridesmaids—
Miss Maud Clark of San Diego. Miss Marie
Jusee of Santa Uosa, Miss Luc(le WebBter' and
Miss Mary McBride, each carrying white sweet
peas. - •
Two Misters. Mrs. C. C. Sewell and Miss
Elizabeth Grow, attended the bride am matron
and maid of honor, Mrs. Sewell's gown being
of pale blue chiffon and Miss Grow's of white
The bride's gown was an exquisite, affair of
white Valenciennes lace over satlif and she
carried lilies of the valley.
A pallant officer of the Thirteenth Infantry,
Lieutenant Beverly C. Daly, claimed a very
charming Oakland girl. Miss Frances Grow as
his bride last evening. There Is always a
glamour of more than ordinary interest about
a soldier's nuptials and the pretty little cisre
mony at the Church of the Advent last niitht
was no exception. The bride Is a daughter
of Mrs. G. B. Grow, who gave her daughter
away. ,.
n. £? were , l , went >' in the party, -including
Mrs Florence Weils. Mrs. J. R. Scupham. Mrs
E. D Yen-ken Mrs. A. C. Dabney. Mrs. James
A. Johnson, Mrs. George 11. Shaw, Mrs. Chap
man, Mrs. S A. Dow, Mrs. A. W. Bishop,
Mrs. Theresa Gaytes. Mrs. W. S. Baxter Mrs
Murray Johnson, Mrs. George Winchester,* Miss
Charlotte Playter and Miss Ethel Johnson.
By.Zoe Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND, July 21.— The sun has conde
scended to show himself for at leaf* three suc
cessive days during the we?k and It begins
to look as if we might have a r*al summer
afler oil. Every time old Sol smiles for a few
hours somebody is encouraged to g-lve an out
door affair and if his smiles continue they
are really well repaid, for when the sun doe*
rtiine at all the weather here Is «imply de
lightful. . A party of picnickers took advantage
or the warm Kpell last Tuesday and, filling
numerous baskets with every Imaginable
dainty, betook themselves to Piedmont Park,
where, frcm 11* o'clock until nearly 5 they
enjoyed the pure air and wooded beauty of the
little hillside resort.
AL FRESCO LUNCH
OAKLAND, July 21. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Herbert C. Tay
lor, 18, and Bessie M. Marsh, 18, both
of Oakland; Joseph A; Furtado, 26,
and Marie E. Alphouse, 19, both of
Oakland; Royden H. Porter, 28, and
Sophia Barry. 28, both of San Fran
cisco; Henry Reynolds, 34, and Hulda
Gustafson, 21, both of Oakland; Rob
ert Hamilton, over 21, and Estella C.
Hfggins, over 18, both of Elmhurst
Marriage Licenses.
After being wounded Loux walked
nearly four miles to Berkeley and he
was taken from th^re to the hospital.
The body was sent to the Morgue.
Loux leaves a widowed mother, who
reside* at 1105 Mason street, San
Francisco.
OAKLAND. July 21.— Albert Loux.
Tl years old, of San Francisco, who
was accidentally shot by a companion
while hunting in Wildcat Canyon on
July 3, died this morning at the Provi
dence Hospital. The accident hap
pened while Loux and his- companion,
Henry Sensenbrenner of San ' Fran
cisco, were walking in Indian file up
a Rteep mountain trail. Sensenbren
ner stumbled anr fell, dropping his
gun, which was discharged as it fell,
the full charge entering the body of
Loux.
Albert I,oux. Who Was Shot While
Hunting Two Weeks Aco, Passes
Away at Ilo-pital.
VICTIM OF ACCIDENT
DIES OF HIS INJURIES
The physician hastily wrapped a
blanket around the unconscious woman
and started with her for the streeC He
walked over burning boards and strug
gled through blinding smoke. Reach-
Ing the sidewalk, he hastened to a,res
idence opposite and Mrs. Robinson was
put to bed. .Dr. Emerson says the wo
man will recover, and that the opera
tion, notwithstanding the fact that it
was performed under extenuating cir
cumstances, will be a success.
The children started the fire under a
porch. The. damage Is about $500.
In speaking of the experience, Dr.
Emerson, deprecating personal hero-
Ism, said: "I simply used what I be
lieved to be the best Judgment in re
maining with my patient. It was very
fortunate that the operation was near
ing completion when the fire took
Time seemed to pass slowly. The fire
had gained headway and spread to an
adjoining residence, . that of R. Bern
hart, and the atmosphere was stifling.
Help seemed far away, and It appeared
as if no one would ever render assist
ance. Dr. Emerson had Just placed
the last stitch in the wound when a fire
engine drew up in front of ,the house.
Some one had seen the blaze from a
distance and turned In an alarm.
Soon the physician detected the odor
of smoke. Looking thrtmgh a window
he saw that the side of the house was
on fire. He . also observed the two
babies standing near by, gleefully
watching the crackling flames.
When Dr. Emerson discovered the
fire the Incision had been made and
he could not desert his post. His first
Impulse was to give an alarm, but he
realized that delay with his patient
might result fatally and he bravely re
mained at the operating table. The
nurse could not leave the room and,
\\*lth the doctor, displayed courage in
completing her work before the flames
were upon them.
' Had Dr. Emerson attempted to re
move his patient from the burning
building when he discovered the fire
the danger of septic poisoning would
have been great. The wound was open
and there seemed but one course for
him to pursue. Smoke puffed through
the crevices In the walls and the room
became hotter and hotter, almost to
a point . of unbearable temperature.
Meantime the uncbnsclous woman lay
on the table and the physician and
nurse worked with agility.
ACROSS BLAZING BOARDS.
OAKLAND. July 21.— Dr. M. Lewis
Emerson performed an operation yes
terday afternoon under conditions that
seem almost incredible. With flames
raging around him he sought no escape
until his work had been done and an
incision closed; then he carried his un
conscious patient down a burning
stairway to a place of safety.
While Dr. Emerson was operating on
Mrs. B. Robinson at her home, Sixth
and Harrison streets, two email chil
dren.set the premises on fire. To have
deserted his patient would have re
sulted in her death, so the plucky phy
sician completed his work, though the
smoke became so blinding that he
could scarcely see.
Dr. Emerson and Miss Alice Flynn,
a trained nurse, visited the home of
Mrs. Robinson early in the afternoon
for the purpose of performing an ab
dominal operation. The anesthetic was
administered and all went well until
the patient's children— one two and the
other four years of age— caused a great
deal of trouble by running in and out
of the. room. Finally Miss Flynn suc
ceeded in keeping the children away,
but not until they had procured a box
of matches that had been placed in a
bureau drawer.
SMOKE GIVES WARNING.
place. The experience was very ex
citing and I would rather never face
One of a similar nature again, espe
cially in a case where a life is at
stake. I cannot speak too highly of
Miss Flynn's bravery. She stood to her
post through it all and deserves
credit."
The general appearance of the body
was that of a man who had known the
refinements and luxuries of life.
An autopsy was held late this even
ing at the branch morgue, where Dr.
J. T.. Farrar found that the man had
died from natural causes. An ante
mortem blood clot was found on -the
heart and th.e lungs showed a bad case
of congestion. Either cause. . said Dr.
Farrar, would explain the death.
Hence it is believed that the unknown
man was suddenly overtaken by death
while strolling through the university
grounds.'
The man wore a checkered suit of
clothes, a good pair of shoes bearing
the mark "Sommers & Kaufmann.of
San Francisco," a white turned down
collar and a colored shirt. On the col
lar and the shirt were the laundry
marks "x8060," which is supposed to be
the identification mark of a San Fran
cisco laundry. Around the wrists were
rubber bands.
The dead man was beardless, about
5 feet 8 Inches In height. 160 pounds In
weight and m.ay have been anywhere
between 30 and 35 years old. Some of
the people who saw him to-day thought
they recognized him. as a man who
loitered in the neighborhood of Ellis
and Market streets, In San Francisco,
and frequented Aie racetracks.
ing card bearing the name "T. H. Dal
ton," a couple of newspaper clippings of
the date of July 2 and two handker
chiefs.
The first clew to identity was found
in the sweatband of the black derby
hat the man wore. On this was punched
the initials "S. J. S." In the pockets
was a pair of eyeglasses. The case wa3
labeled "California Optical Company."
There were also a razor with the word
"Ellis" upon it, a comb and case, a
pocketknife, 35 cents in money, a call-
BERKELEY, July 21.— The body of a
man, well dressed and bearing marks
of some refinement, was found to-day
lying in the bushes on Strawberry
Creek within the grounds of the Uni
versity of California, above the dairy
connected with the College of Agri
culture. Three days ago the corpse
was first observed by James von
Loben Sels, a university student, who
paid no attention to the prostrate form,
because he thought the man was sleep
ing.' Von Loben Sels passed that way
again at noon to-day, and again he
saw the same still figure. The student
made a closer inspection and saw that
the man was dead.
The Coroner was called and removed
the corpse to the branch Morgue in
this city. Nothing was found to give
a clew to the cause of death.
In the dead man's pocket was a copy
of the poem "Opportunity," by ex-
Senator John J. Ingalls.
There were no signs whatever that
the man died from foul- play. The con
tents of the pockets were undisturbed.
OAKLAND SURGEON' WHO REFUSED TO BE DRIVEN FROM THE SIDE OP A'
PATIENT OX WHOM HE WAS PERFORMING AN OPERATION, ALTHOUGH
FIRE RAGED ALL AROUND HIM.
OAKLAND, July 21. — W. A. Ran
dle of San Francisco sued out a writ
of habeas corpus this afternoon to re
cover possession of his 14-year-old
daughter, Etta, who, he asserts, is be
ing unlawfully detained at Notre
Dame Academy in, Alameda. The writ
is returnable in Judge Ogden's court
Saturday morning.'
Randle says his child was to be al
lowed to visit him and that the Sis
ters have refused to allow her to do
so or to allow him to see her. The
Sister Superior of Notre Dame says
the girl was not placed at the acad
emy by Randle, but by Miss Esther
Hoover, daughter of Professor Hoover
of San Francisco, who was appointed
guardian of the child on the death of
the girl's mother three years ago. The
Sister Superior says Miss Hoover gave
orders that the father was not to be
allowed to see the child.
Father Sues for Daughter.
Entertainment— F. G. Femiman Benjamir*
Sears, William J. Jensen, C. W. C. McBride
and J. Baccaaeia.
Arrangements — Martin Greirovich. F. G
r>nt:nian. C. McBrlde. Gerald Coweit. Harry
Moore. George Sherman, J. Grlllich and Anton
Vajvoda.
Reception — Mr*. A. Babtwndorfe/ Mis* May
Babbendorfe. Mi«s Maggie Kennedy. J. Cooper.
George Ivelieh, J. Klortham and Ed Weir.
OAKLAND. July 21. — The Cooks'
and Waiters' Union has completed
preparations for the reunion festival
uhlch will take place to-morrow even
ing at the headquarters of the local
union at Eighth street and Broadway.
It is expected that fully 2000 mem
bers of the affiliated unions in San
Francisco will - - present. They will
be met at First and Webster streets
by the members of the local union
headed by a band. The unions will
parade up Broadway and through the
principal streets to the headquarters,
¦where the literary exercises will take
place. Mayor Schmitz of San Francis
co will deliver an address.
Following are the committees in
charge of the affair:
Address Uip 3IomlM*rs of
the L'nion.
Mayor Schmitz of San IVamisco Will
COOKS AM) WAITERS WILL
HOLD BIG REUNION FESTIVAL
David X>. and Clara H. Sntphen to Herbert
t> Clark, lot on X line of San Jose avenue
17« W of Lafayette street. W 44 by x l.V>'
portion lota 1ft and 20, block It, Bartl-Mt
Tract, Alameda: ?1O.
George W. MacRae tn Emma Hart Mao-
Hae. lot on W line, of Park avenue. iM:H 9
from XE corner lot A, S &S:4, w 138:11%
M 33:4, E 15S:10Vj. portion lot B, known a.«
subdivisions A and B. In lot 28, map Ala
meda Park Homestead. Alameda; $10.
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Grac-»
B. Wlnjrate (wife of C. B). lots ,2H an ,i «•>
S 25 feet of lots 22 and 30 and X 5O te't~t>T
lot* 24 and 2S, Piedmont Srrtn«» Tract <t!e-=<i
and agreement). Oakland Township- fiO
Calvtn 9. and Mary C. Wlnchell to Lillian
V. and William J. Brady Jr., lot on SW corner
of Mason and Harper street?. S 43 W J"3t
N S« E 122:4. blnck S. amended map and r»
subdlvlsion of Central Park. Berkeley ¦ $10
Samuel H. and Harriet M. Mnsrarcr to Wil-
Ham J. G. and. Martha C. Bloomfteid. lot on
W line of MUvla street 10O X of Ttose N
60 by W 1.15. portion of lots S and 9 bl.vk
18, property of Berkeley Villa Association.
B?rkeley; $10. - . - •
John *5. Ewen to Marie G. Ewen, lot on f:
line of College avenue. «O S of Kearney street.
S CO by E l.'IS, Berkeley: $10.
Amml R. Lord (»ln«rle) to Warren CJ\en«*y.
lot on W line of Dana street. 160 si of Dwignt
way, 3 C9 by W 10H:t>, portion lotj 2S «nd
21. block A. Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $Jff.
Carrie Ovenell (wldow> to James Kanrr
lot on SW corner of Benton and Ma-ca'I
streets. W along S line of Ponton street \T\
to point of bejrinntnK. thence S' (W-.U by \V
41. portion of lots H and 0. blodi G resub
divlaion of map of portion of Bruma«ln Xra'ct
AV of Shattuck avenue, Oakland: Wh)
Kate F. Miner (widow* to Mahel t\
Knowloa (wife of Edwin I.>. lot. on N line <*
Twenty-third street 1C«> \V ¦ of Grove W SO
X 100. E 3.'., S 50. E 15. a Ml portion of lot
15. block Q. .Kelnry Tract. Oakland Rift.
James F. McCourtney to John Cavanaugh.
lot on S line of Forty- fourth street: »ii F" rf
Grove. E oft by S loo, block 2100 McCourtney
Tract. Oakland; $10. y
Gertrude O. McGregor (single) to Andrew and
Clare S*an.«on. lot on NW lin» of Howe strepr
20O XE of Howard, NE SO. X 125. SW 50 SB
125.- portion lot 4. block «f. plat Howe Tract,
Oakland: *lt>. . .
Joseph J. and Barbar Mason to J. II. Hemln
gsr, lot on NE corner of Ashhy avenue? (Mason
street) and Harper street. N 00, E 59 W a
83.38. W GO. portion lots R and 6, block "l0.
Central Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
David B. and Lola G. Wyli« to Patrick and
Mary E. O' Bryan, lot on JJ line of West
Twelfth street. l'lO W of Kirkham, W 2B by N"
110. beinu W 26 feet of lot 140. map Center
street Home Lots of Oakland Point Oakland
$10.
Mountain View Cemetery Assr-clation to Jnhn
Peters; lot In cemetery. Oakland Township
$177.
8an Francisco and Oakland M. L. Associa
tion to S. P. ami Lizzte A. Wagner lot orw
S\V line of East Twenty-third street.' 535 SF3
of Twenty-Brat avenue, SE ."57 by SW 14i>
portion lots 2Tt and 24, block 74. map Northern
Addition to Brooklyn. Kast Oakland; *i<>.
Helen KcElroy and Benjamin FTanklln Uc-
Elroy to Charles B. Tenncy. h>t besinnin* at
Intersection of line parallel with and 150 3
from S line of Lincoln «treet with line parallel
with and WO W frcm W line of Summit. 8 Si>
W 183.55, NE 5.I.S. etc.. E 1C6.03 to beginning
portion lots 7-5 to 7». block E. map new town of
Lynn, East Oakland: S1O.
A. C. and Willamina Van Hous* to F B
snd Maude T. Cook, lot on XE line of East
Twenty-first street, .tlS:!)U SE of Twenty-third
avenue, SE 50 by NE 150. block G, map sub
division Fifty Associates' Tract. East Oak
land; *10.
B. H. and LUlie J. Welch to Mrs. Cferrf*
A. Fallls, lot on SE ltne of Tenth avenue.
450 XE of Kast Twenty-fourth street N'B
5.) by SE 130, East Oakland- *10
P. A. or Paul A. Garin and Catherine Garin
(Byrne) to Fannie A. Ingels (wife of W. U.).
lot on E line of West street. 100:3 N «!
Thirty-fifth. N 40:0<i by E 116. portion lota
2 and 3. block C. property Central Land Com
pany, formerly Brown Tract, Oakland; $10.
Charles A. and Elmer E.. Wilbur B. and
Frank L.. Harlow, Lottie A. Mat3chek (Har
low) to Blanche E. Harlow fstngle), lot on,
N line ot Verr.on avenue 17H.6D W »f Col
lege avenue, W 50. X 171.«». E 51.95 .V
1S5.S0, lot 2S, map Batchelder Tract. Oak
land; $ll>.
J. S. and Clara Myers to H. M. Oliphant.
lot en NW line of Glen avenue 40 3\V of
Linda avenue. BW 42 by NW 100^ portion lot
¦»:;. map So. 2, Glen Echo Tract, portion K?l
lersberger's plat U, Oakland, recorded July
20. 1004; |10. )
Christian G. Rode to Marli M. E. Rode, lot
on S line of Eighth street. 30:9-% W of Ont?r.
W 23 by S loo. lot 8. block 530, map sub
division block S:;O, Oakland; sift.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Eighth
and Center streets. W 30:0%, S 10O. E 31:5>j.
N 100, to beginning, lot lu, block ' K<>. sam-»
map, Oakland; «ift.
Ahum-da County.
THURSDAY, JULY 21
REAL ESTATE -TRANSACTIONS.
Councilmen Aitken, Wallace, Eliott,
Pendleton and Cuvellier were named to
represent Oakland at the joint confer
ence of the bay cities on a water sup
ply, to take place Saturday at the City
Hall, San Francisco.
The reouest of F. E. .Chapin for the
return of $8500 paid by J. H. MacDon
ald for street railroad franchises on
College avenue and in East Oakland
was- denied to-night by the Auditing
and Finance Committee of the City
Council. Chapin is a San Jose railway
promoter. He is the assignee of the
MacDonald franchises. The Oakland
Transit Consolidated obtained a trans
fer from MacDonald of the East Oak
land franchise, which covers the Fourth
avenue cut-off, now used by the Key
Koute system. Chapin claims that the
College avenue franchise is defective.
The committee recommended that no
appropriation be made for a hospital
for contagious diseases, that smallpox
patients be transferred to the County
Infirmary, that police power be exerted
to compel such transfer and that the
allowance for quarantine guards at pri
vate residences be stopped.
A partial report from the special bond
committee named $2,492,000 as the final
figure for the bond issue. The election
date was not fixed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 21.-
Police to Remove Patients to
County Infirmary— Bond
Issue* Will Be $2,492,000
NO SMALLPOX HOSPITAL
City Fathers Decline to Ee
fund $8500 Paid for a
Street Railroad Franchise
The property is known as the Souther
ranch and is located about three
miles from San Leandro. It consists of
215 acres of rich farming land, upon
which there are many fine horses.
Fruit trees and palm driveways make
it one of the finest places of the kind in
the county. According to Charles H.
Lovell. the manager of the estate, the
attachment is only a legal formality.
He says that he will have the attach
ment released in a day or two, but be
lieves that the claim is illegal and will
make the firm prove its case in court.
The claim Is for handsomely bound
books and fancy etchings purchased by
Mrs. Dunsmuir shortly before her
death. Nearly $20,000 worth of these
claims are outstanding. Lovell says
that the prices charged were exorbi
tant and that Mrs. Dunsmuir, at the
time she ordered the books, was ill and
did not realize what she was doing.
An attachment was placed on the old
Dunsmulr home, near San Leandro,
to-day, the property of Edna Wallace
Hopper, the actress. George Barrie &
Sons of Philadelphia have a claim of
J&66 82 against the estate of Josephine
Dunsmuir, mother of Mrs. Hopper, and
in order to collect it they have had an
attachment issued and placed it in the
hands of the Sheriff.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 2L
The assessed value of property in the
county outside the cities is as follows;
Oakland Township. $3,273,425; Wash
ington Township, $6,598,964; Brooklyn
Township, $6,543,895; Eden Township.
$4,103,085; Murray Township, $1,845,S1>'J;
Pleasanton Township, $3,560.S08. The
total outside assessments amount to
$26,560,638.
The footings of the Alameda County
assessment roll were completed to-day
by Assessor Dalton. They show that
the total assessed value of the property
In the county is JIOS.240,403. Last year
the total was $104,395,803. The increase
is J3.884.600. To this increase, however,
should be added J2.444.OOO, to show the
proper increase, as this amount was
deducted from the Contra Costa Water
Company's assessment of last year.
The assessed value of property in the
cities and towns of the county is as
follows: Alameda. 512,232.700; Berke
ley, J12.398.486; Emeryville, J1.1SS.57T;
Haywards, $377,510; Livermore, %&£,'-'.0;
Oakland, $52,494,981; Pleasanton, JH5.
326; San Leandro, $991,735. The grand
total of city and town property in the
county foots up $81,637,781.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 21.
COUNCIL HOLDS
LARGE DEPOSIT
George Barrio &. Sons Would
Collect $866 for Works
Sold to Actress' Mother
City of Oakland's Wealth
Is Placed at $52,494,981.
Berkeley's at $12,398,486
INCREASE IS §3,884,600
THE BILL IS FOR BOOKS
Souther Eanch.. Near San
Leanclro. Is in the Hands of
Sheriff to Satisfy Claim
Total Value of Property in
Alameda County Beaches
the Sum of $108,2^0,403
ATTACH HOME
OF MRS. HOPPER
ASSESSMENTS
ARE COMPLETE
HEROIC DOCTOR AND NURSE
OPERATE IN BURNING HOUSE
Surgeon M. L. Emerson and Miss Alice Flynn Finish Capital
Incision, Dress Wound and Carry Patient to Safety
Through Flame and Smoke in Home of Mrs. B. Robinson
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1904.
Body of Unknown Man Discovered in Ravine Above Col
lege of Agriculture— Few Clews, to .Identity.-- Autopsy
Shows Death Resulted Suddenly From Natural Causes
VICTIM OF HEART DISEASE
DIES ON VARSITY GROUNDS
PICTURK OF UNIDENTIPIKD MAN "WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND NEAR A
CREEK IX THE UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA GROUNDS. AND CARD
THAT MAY ENABLE THE AUTHORITIES TO ESTABLISH HIS IDENTITY.
6
FREE. FREE.
We are presenting to want ad-
vertisers In *
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
The round polished sliverless
WORLD'S FAIR TOOTHPICKS
• Put, up in Estes' polished and
engraved turned wooden boxes.
BRING YOUR WANT ADS
TO-DAY.
BJH fill i 115^ ? S th ° y ° f the househo ld, for without
J§la H«\ its ifc n ° ba PP iness can *>« complete. How
IPla HP H i&P s^eet the picture of mother and babe,
Bn&HV Id angels smile at and commend the
V^?& B 40& Si thoughts and aspirations of the mother
¦I H mm |L b endmg over the cradle. The ordeal through
B S H H J3 Wr which the expectant mother must pass, how-
liP? a & ever > is 6O ful1 of danger and suffering that
. . . L .„ *. he look 9 forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
t uS W T <h ? uld know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and render,
pliable all the parts, and °
and without pain. Sold at $i.oo per §£S BSfe R K9 m, n C&k
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless gT jO) i UT t^Jl HH
value to all women sent free. Addres* P JH I H* R5 i
QRADFIUA 8EGULATO8 00* Atlaatm. Om. B BBIhiIW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Any Skin Disease
use
It will help and cure you. Will
send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one send ins; loc » to pay postage.
It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you.
Sold by leading druggists.
None genuine without my tlgomtun.
«io Prince St., New York.
Send for free Booklet oa " How to treat
lUeases," contatnlar hundred* of testl-
Moaltls of wonderfulcures.
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
•15 « t\ Iv IDIj 1^ x ¦
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMJEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.wife and their nine children. He is pro
prietor of a penny phonograph and
picture establishment on Market street.
Says Buildlns Hurt Business.
Because Thomas Butchers, a con
tractor, acting for Henry Sahlein.
erected a seven-story . building that
shook in every breeze and threatened
to topple upon their candy store at
Polk and Bush streets, the Lechten.
Bros, ask $600 damages. The com
plaint alleges that the building is im
properly braced. The candy men
moved from the neighborhood because
they feared to live under this modern
leaning tower. They^ complain that
their business has been damaged be
cause of the removal.
With a new series of the famous l)oo
ley stories, the first bcins entitled
"Mr. Dooley on the Political Situa
tion." The great demands of the times
have brought the famous old philos
opher and humorist out of a silence of
two years and for the next year he
has agreed to sire his views on pub
lic men and affairs for the benefit of
Call readers. His talks are better
than stories and funnier than the best
comic sections. Get The Sunday Call
and you will get all Mr. Dooley has
to say.
Exclusively In The Sunday Call, Be
ginning July 21,
SIR. DOOLEY WILL APPEAR
by Ettlinger daring the morning. This
closed the case and argument was be
gun.
The closing testimony at the morn
ing session brought out little that was
new in rebuttal. Attorney Friedenrich
testified that Henry Ach had with
drawn as counsel for Bernard Ettlinger
because the latter would not take his
advlcvs. but the witness did not know
whether or not Jacob Eppinger was
present at the time.
Attorney Campbell then Introduced
In evidence four checks signed by
Jacub Eppinger and dated April 14,
1903. The numbers on these checks
show they were the first ones issued
that morning, yet Joseph Eppinger tes
tified Wednesday that his .father had
not arrived at the office on the date in
question up to the time he left It to
take the 2 o'clock boat for the race
track and that checks had been issued
I look into your faces with a heart that beats
evenly, for I do not believe that any danger
awaits Jacob Eppinger. Penniless and broken
in health,* he has suffered enough, being In
nocent of crime. lie has gona through a long
period of abuse and Is guilty of the colossal
crime of failure. Penniless and propertyUsa
as he Is. he Is being persecuted by the bankers
who groveled at bis feet and pursued him Ilk*
beasts of prey trailing a stag. They have
even gone so far as to raise a corruption fund
to destroy htm.
If it be admitted, as It Is not. that a crime
was committed. It was by some other person
than Jacob Eppinger. I will ask you to con
sider four things: First, did Jacob Eppinger
have any Intent to commit fraud? Second,
was fraud committed? Third, did he knowingly
make any false pretenses? Fourth, was fraud
committed by false pretense? If you have any
doubt on any of these points you must acquit.
The testimony does not show that Jacob Ep
pinger was guilty of any of these faults. On
the contrary. It is shown that Topping wrote
out the note on data furnished by Josua Ep
pinger and that Bernard Ettlinger signed it
and some one else cashed it.
said in part:
DISMISSES EMBEZZLEMENT CASE. —
Oakland, July 21. — The charge of embezzle
ment aralnst A. W. Berry, a money lender,
who was arrested on complaint of Amos Sea
ton, a local capitalist, was dismissed to-day
by Justice of the Peace James G. Qulnn. The
financial troubles of the parties have been
adjusted out of court.
General MacArthur announced yes
terday that he would attend the regular
annual target practice of the Pacific
Division to be held at Ord Barracks,
beginning on July 28 and continuing
until Aucust 3. Target practice is a
great hobby with the general. He has
always manifested a lively interest In
it and, although he has many duties to
perform in arranging for the big ma
neuvers to take place August 13 at
Camp Atascadero, he will be at the
competition from the beginning to its
close.
At the conclusion of the contest the
general will personally pin upon the
breast of each successful contestant a
badge of honor. Every company In the
division will be represented In this
competition and as the marksmanship
of this division has been of a very hljrh
order during the general practices this
summer, the event will be of more than
passing interest in military circles and
among: those interested in army affairs.
. Major Parker "W. West will conduct
the examination here of Max Pollner
and Peter Bartsch. who are anxious to
become master signal electricians. The
last Congress provided for this new
branch in the signal service. It is lim
ited to forty electricians and they are
to be selected from all the different de
partments of the Union. In order to
win out, the competitor must not only
be proficient in electrical matters, but
he must be also thoroughly conversant
with higher mathematics.
Officers of the Medical Corps of the
Department of California have been de
tailed in the following orders to take
part in the maneuvers at Camp Atasca
dero:
Major William Stephenson. surgeon. Presidio
of San Francisco, to accompany the battalion
of the Twenty-eighth Infantry for duty as
brigade surgeon.
Major William P. Kendall, surgeon. Ord
Barracks, to accompany the Fifteenth In
fantry for duty as brigade surgeon.
* Captain Benjamin J. Edser Jr., assistant
surgeon. Army General Hospital. Presidio;'
Kirst Lieutenant E. P. RockhiU, assistant sur
geon. Presidio of San Francisco, and First
Lieutenant Robert N. Wlnn, assistant surgeon,
depot of recruits and casuals, to accompany
th* battalion of the Tenth Infantry, Captain
Edger and Lieutenant Rockhlll to report upon
Arrival In camp to ttvs commanding officer.
Fifteenth Infantry, for assignment to duty
with that regiment.
Captain Albert E. Truby. assistant surgeon.
Alcatraz Island, to accompany and for duty
T/tth the battalion of the Thirteenth Infantry.
" First' Lieutenant Frank C. Baker, assistant
surgeon. Ord Barracks, to accompany and for
duty with the Fifteenth Infantry.
Captain Irving W. Rand, assistant surgeon.
Infantry Cantonment, Presidio, to accompany
ami for duty with the battalion of the Twen
ty-Eighth Infantry.
The Fifteenth and Twenty-eighth Infantry
will move with them a regimental dispensary
as directed by the chief surgeon of the de
partment.
Dr. Griswold, contract surgeon at the
Post Hospital at .the Presidio, has re
turned'from Yosemite Valley and re
sumed his duties.
Mrs. Stephen P. Jocelyn and family
returned from Yosemite Valley yester
day.
The question Is did Epplnger & Co., on April
14, 19C3, commit the crime charged. We start
with the undented fact that th» bank was
defrauded of $8,S00. In some manner the note
of Eppinger & Co.. accompanied by securities,
found Us way to the International Bank and
from there to the London, Paris and American
Bank. The money was paid out on receipts
for wheat which was supposed to be In tie
warehouse, but which had actually been shipped
away in December of the year previous. Not
a kernel oftha t wheat was In the warehouse
when the note was executed.
The next question Is, by whom was the firm
defrauded? I want to deal only with uncontra
dicted evidence. Can there be any doubt as to
Colonel Beck's testimony? . When he asked
what had become of his wheat he was referred
to 'the firm's lawyer, who, in turn, referred
him to the. books of the warehouse. These, It
has been admitted, were removed at dead of
night and have since been concealed. Why
were they not produced In court? '
The books of Kppinger & Co. which were
produced show balances o! 27,000 tons of grain.
When the bookkeeper was asked where he got
his Information he said It was from report j
regularly laid on the deek of Jacob Eppinger.
You * have learned - from the lips of Jacob's
own clerks that he was the head of the firm
and attended to the business. Tou have also
been Informed that the firm owed $1,250,000 and
had no carh on hand or no grain of any conse
quence.
The Indictment was found on July 17, 1003.
and Bernard Ettlinger left this city in January
of the following year. Is it not strange that
during all those months, if he" is the guilty
party, as charged by x the defense, no attempt
was made to prove it either at the Grand Jury
Investigation or at any other time? It was
not until Jacob was placed on trial that the
blame was laid on Bernard.
For the defense, Attorney Shortridge
BANK WAS DEFRAUDED.
The taking of testimony in 'the case
of Jacob Eppinger, charged with ob
taining money from the International
Banking Corporation by fraud, ended
yesterday morning and at 2 p. m. At
torney J. C. Campbell made the open
ing argument for the defense. By
agreement the time for argument was
set at three hours for each side. Camp
bell occupied one hour; Shortrldge, for
the defense, took up an hour and a
half with a few minutes thrown in for
good measure; Dunne will have anoth
er hour and a half this morning; Dis
trict Attorney Byington two hours and
Ach will not be heard at all. Through
out the trial the most of the question
ing 'has been done by Ach and he has
left the argument to - his associates.
The case will go to the jury some time
this afternoon. ?*- ."-
Attorney Campbell, in his opening
argument, without any attempt at
dramatic oratory, clearly told the jury
on what grounds he expected a con
viction. Shortrldge, for the defense,
was his direct antithesis. "With im
passioned language and many gestures
he pleaded for his client, whom he de
scribed as "penniless, broken in health
and hounded and persecuted by a com
bination of bankers."
Attorney Campbell's opening state
ment in brief was as follows:
Gentleman of the Jury, the criminal laws
of this State are to' protect you as much ao
me and it is your duty in this case to act as
arbiters. We said at the outset we would
brine the facts before you. I believe we have
unraveled the tangle and laid bare one of
the most gigantic frauds ever perpetrated on
the mercantile community.
New York is going to begin her ;iOL>
000.000 canal in August.
Taking of Testimony in the
Eppinger Case Is Conclud
ed and Argument Begun
General 3IacArthur to Go to
Ord Barracks to Annual
Division Target Practice
LENGTHY TRIAL
NEARS AN END
WILL ATTEND
COMPETITION
1. A low rate of fare: The Santa Te
round-trip to Yosemite Valley, flrst
class, costs only $28 50. This saves the
traveler 510 00.
t. No sleeping-car berth required:
The rail journey is made entirely in the
day time and the traveler Is not put to
the expense of a Pullman berth. This
saves $3.00.
3. California Big Trees seen without
side ride: Santa Fe Yosemite stages
pass directly through two groves of
giant sequoias without side ride or extra
expense. This saves 52 «0.
4. Good meals at a moderate price:
Meals alon^r the Santa Fe line to Yosem
ite are most toothsome and cost only 50c
and 75c each. These prices are reason
able and save the traveler on the round
trip about 515 00.
5. Modern stasje coaches: Santa Fe
coaches are new-built and especially for
Yosemite service. They are the newest
and most comfortable running into the
Valley. ,v ,-¦¦-¦
6. The Merced Canyon entrance to
Yosemite Valley: Santa Fe stages go up
into Yosemite Valley the way the river
comes down. This Is by far the grand
est entrance to the Valley and passes
cliffs and waterfalls seen. on no other
line.
7. The "Double Loop": By an unique
routing Santa Fe passengers are taken
into the Valley one way and out another,
giving a complete change of scenery for
over fifty miles. This makes the grand
est stage ride in the world.
'TIS WORTH WHILE TO TRAVEL
ON THE SANTA FE. . •
YOSEMITE VALLEY.'
The father and the mother of the
plaintiff separated shortly after their
marriage, the husband leaving his wife
and baby to provide for themselves as
best they could. Poverty and privation
soon caused the death of the mother,
and her\sister took charge of the af
flicted and helpless boy. She has man
aged to have him* partially educated in
a school for the blind and has also
given him some rudiments of a busi
ness education, but the lack of sight
prevents him from earning his support.
He is said to have remarkable musical
talent, which with proper instruction
might be developed into a means of
making a living.
Bacigalupi senior claims that his son
Is amply able to make a livelihood for
himself. He also denies that he Is in
receipt of an income greater than is
necessary for the support of his present
In the Superior Court a complaint
was filed yesterday by Luclen Peter
Bacigalupi against his father, Peter
Bacigalupi, asking for maintenance.
The complainant is 21 years of age. He
is totally blind and has been so almost
from birth. The complaint asks that
the father be compelled to pay the blind
son sufficient money every month to
maintain him decently, according to his
station in life. It also asks that a suf
ficient sum be paid for skillful surgical
and medical treatment for his eyes,
which he has been informed by com
petent medical authority may be cured,
wholly or at least partially, by proper
treatment. Another demand is for funds
to pay for an education that will ren
der the plaintiff self-supporting.
The attorney for the son is ex-Judge
A. F. St. Sure, who said in an interview
yesterday that since his client's birth
the father had utterly failed to provide
for his helpless son, except to give him
a watch some years ago and contribute
small sums at various times that
amounted in the aggregate to less than
$25 during the twenty-one years of the
unfortunate boy's life.
The complaint alleges that the elder
Bacigalupi owns city property valued
at $50,000 or more and is in receipt of
an income approximating 51000 a
month. Since his birth the boy has
been cared for by his aunt, a sister of
his mother, living at 144 Devisadero
street. What opportunities he has had
in the way of education and medical
treatment have been paid for solely by
her. Now she is in straitened circum
stances and can no longer provide him
with the assistance he needs. Hence
this suit.
Unfortunate Accuses
His Parent of,
Neglect.
Directors for the coming year were
ejected as -follows: William Babcock.
K. W. Hopkins. Leon Slos_. William J.
Dutton. Juda Newman, J\. p. Schwer-
In, F. W. Van Sirklen. F. H. Wheelan
E. K. Vv'ood, James Hogg and James
R Smith. These arc the old board
with the addition of two new members
Messrs. Hogg and Smith. The direc
tors will meet next Monday and elect
officers for the exchange.
Th« portion of San Francisco ae the princi
pal financial center of the Pacific Coast la ex
ero^Jficd by isc fact that her bank dealings
average 50 V«r cent mere than the combined
Hearings or Jjos Ar.geles. Portland. Seattle
Tacoma. Fpokane and Salt Lake City. The
rapid rrowth of O*tm thriving cities appears
to be enly cf the greatest benefit to San Fran-
CiKCO.
It la a eource of pride to all Callfomlans that
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company, our plo
nw line, vrhich was the very Crst to wad
rreaftiert to this coast !a 1818. should have
[ftacea in commlss:ou between this port and
t? :+ Far East the four largest and finest stea.ra
er» which trade to the Orient from any part
i»f the world. In addition to their enormous
«~Ri-ro*9. th<*«e steamers carry in and out of
this port eereral hundred saloon passengers,
vhere cr.ly a few year* ago the number ranged
from twenty to occasionally a hundred Thi»
225! 11 * 1 th * Kreat improvement* being
fTiade by the transcontinental railroads San
Francisco will always occupy to the tran»-Pa
rlfic; passenger trade the position which New
York no!<5« to the trane- Atlantic, and which no
other port can wreet from her. Few appre
t iate what this Immense transient travel means
to * citjr.
It was reported by President Bab
cock that the subject of changes in
the shipping rules will soon be con
sidered. The coming: of the Merchant
Marine Commission to San Francisco
In August was declared to be of im
portance. While wheat falls off in vol
ume it was found to be a matter for
congratulation that the total value of
California products exported is in
creasing, the cause being diversified
farming. With cheap f u .1 oil San
Francisco was found to have a good
outlook for becoming a great manufac
turing city. Concerning two topics of
interest. President Babcock said-
SHIPPING AND FINANCE.
< •itipetition with wheat produced In ether
States. In th« paet the prosperity of Califor
nia largely depended opon Its wheat crop, and
there it no reason why in the future It should
Dot be cue of its greatest resources. When a
HWBlfjr like France, where the land has been
cropped for centuries, can profitably produce an
annual yieia of ten million tone, or a average
r' thirty rxjshels per acre, can any one say
that this treat State of ours will never again
r*is*_ ore million tons? To-day our average
yieM'does not>xr»e4 thirteen bushels per acre.
A irrrat deal can be done by the Jndl\-ldual
effort ct the farmer In planting proper seed,
ctid. p.-ith a scientific application ef the neces
sary fertilizer*, we can increase our output,
tni with profit, too, Just as the Hawaiian Isl
t.n<3s doubled their yield of sugar by the same
sc:ent!fic measure. This Is a matter of »uch
vital Importance to the State at large that cer
tainly the Legislature should make a liberal
appropriation for experimental purposes, as
Fuggeeted by the State Board of Trade. To
this city It Tneans much, for If we have no
¦wheat to export there will be practically few
•hips seeking our pert and our much vaunted
rcmTnerce will sink into greater Insignificance
than the position which it occupies to-day as
regarit Its foreign trade, which Is practical
ly at the" bottom of the list of the fifty rreat
mercantile port* of the world. This Is hard
for u» to believe, perhaps, but It It true, never
theless.
At a recent meeting ef the California State
r>ard cf Trade the principal subject of discus-
Fiori was California wheat and Its merits in
Reviewing the work of the exchange
iluring the year President Babcock al
luded to the changes that have been
made in the rules of the grain trade.
Among the new provisions are require
ments for the registration of ware
house receipts "and regular Inspection
«>f lots of grain as to condition and
vresencp in warehouse at a certain
date. The most important rule con
fines the sale of futures to the floor
• >f the exchange within certain hours.
This course has been adopted by all
the great exchanges in the United
Plates, and President Babcock said
That he believed it would -.. ork well in
San Francisco. The offices of the ex
change have been connected by tele
phone with the life saving station. The
¦>. urk of the committees during the
j>ast jrear came in for complimentary
mention.
Concerning: the wheat situation in
California, President Babcock said:
THE WHEAT SITUATION.
President Babcock appealed to the
members of the exchange to work 1 for
an increase of membership to double
the present limit. Within the hall of
the exchange, he said, will be posted
the telegraphic quotations of the great
stock exchanges of the world, the
prices of all leading products In the
exchanges of the United States anl Eu
rope, and a complete file of all the
leading newspapers of the world. The
movements of all vessels trading to or
from Pacific Coast points will be re
corded. Another feature will be views
"f trans-Atlantic lines.
ASKS 3IEMBERS TO WORK.
President William Babcock reported
to the members of the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday at their annual meet
ing that the exchange is thriving.
There is a shortage for the year of
52400. but this is due entirely to the
failing off in the wheat crop of last
year, and the consequent loss in the
business of the grain inspection de
partment of the exchange. Owing to
the loss of revenue, while the new
building for the exchange is in con
struction, it will be necessary to keep
the dues at 55 a month. The building
would be completed in September but
for the delay caused by the founda
tions. President Babcock reported
that unless something that Is not fore
seen happens the structure will be
ready to occupy by the end of the
year.
Certain Interesting facts vrere report
ed by President Babcock about the new
exchange building. Nine floors have
been leased to the Southern Pacific
Companv. The top floor will be occu
pied by "the Beard of Fire Underwrit
ers, excepting a few offices that are re
quired for the use of the exchange.
The ground floor is leased to bankers
and brokers. The second, third and
fourth floors have been partly leased.
Among the tenants will be the Mer
chants' Association and the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association.
Thus the building will become the
home, as originally planned for bodies
that are working for the advancement
of the city and State. Thirty feet of
forty feet owned by the exchange on
Montgomery street have been sold to
the Security Savings Bank, which is
erecting a banking building on the site.
An entrance ten feet wide to the ex
change building from Montgomery
street is in construction.
In supporting the constitutionality of
the law of 1903, which prevents injunc
tions against boycotting unions, Judge
Maguire maintained that the act was
not one of special legislation In that
the law restricting the use of injunc
tion is directed against seven other
classes besides that of employers. He
contended that the criminal acts com
plained of could be prosecuted under
the criminal laws and that the tempo
rary injunction issued by Judge Hunt
was an additional statute providing an
uncertain penalty for an uncertain
crime.
Mr. Van Ness answered the argument
and declared that all of Judge Ma
guire's points were unsound In that it
was attempted to deprive a property
owner of his rights without the guar
anteed recourse in the courts of equity.
Van Ness held that there was abso
lutely no remedy, if the act should be
constitutional, for the outrages com
mitted by unions under the name of
strike and boycott.
The decision of Judge Hunt will be
followed by an appeal to the Supreme
Court.
He charged that Pierce was debarred
from equity, because he was not with
out fault himself, the fault consisting
of the alleged fact that his non-union
watchman was paid by the Citizens'
Alliance.
Judge Maguire declared that the
criminal things done were not contem
plated nor sanctioned by the union. He
said that violence usually accompanies
strikes, but that it was because of the
thieves, bandits and camp followers
who usually collect at a disturbance in
order to satisfy their thirst for brutal
ity.
The courtroom of Superior Judge
Hunt's department was not large
enough to accommodate the crowd that
asked for admission yesterday to hear
the argument of Judge Maguire in de
fense of the Stablemen's Union, and
the answer thereto, by T. C. Van Ness.
representing the stable owners and the
Citizens' Alliance. t\
Judge Maguire's talk occupied all of
the morning session and a' part of the
afternoon. He devoted the greater por
tion of his argument to the contention
that the acts of assault complained of,
and proven in the testimony, were
committed by men who had not been
identified as members of the stable
men's organization. Furthermore, he
said that the commission of such acts
would have been against the interests
of the union in its purpose to accom
plish the ends contemplated, namely,
to compel Pierce to employ only union
men. -*¦
Points Out Strong Position
of San Francisco as Center
for Entire Pacific Coast
Union Evades Responsibility
for Assaults — Rights of
Employers Are Discussed
NEW LAW IS IN ISSUE
SPEAKS OF WHEAT CROP
Considers Topics at An
nual Meeting of Members
Assembled to Hear Beport
Judge Maguire Argues His
Side of Stablemen's Case
and -Van Ness Answers Him
BIBCOCK TALKS
ABOUT EXCHANGE
UNION DEFENSE
IS PRESENTED
BLIND SON
SUES FATHER
FOR SUPPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, 3904.
LVCIEX P. BACIGALUPI. THE
BL.IXD BOY. "WHO IS SUIXG
FATHER FOR SUPPORT.
7
PRAGERS | PRAGEKS | PRAGERS | PRAGERS
Third Friday Surprise Sale]
gj lH |n . . M^ I O .. T y\ Ck I ¦» \" f^ 51 \ 1"^ f^ f*\s\\ ¦^¦B * ' A ' 1 1
| ____ vJTTenng ior i o-uay i
B The remnants and odds and ends offered here are the result of an unusually busy season. Thousands of choice lines j-j
l| of stocks have been broken into through the bargain attractions of our expansion and inventory drive sales. These short y
y lengths we will not carry over another season, and to dispose of them quickly we have reduced the prices for to-day (Friday) n
Q one-half and one-third — the regular, price remaining on the tags. - |j
I Fancy Neckwear Remnants of Silks and Dress Goods Veiling and' J
1 254c, 9c, 17c and 21c i/ ©B^S^-a 1/ Kibbbofts 1
I 2^5" 3 p 5 r c ic Voc - /^ r nee /2 w • ..
I 20c, 25c, 35c, 50c. - 1/2 Off n
H Collars and SiU^Ties th^ar/?^- This assor tment represents the choicest merchandise of all lengths _,_.... , q
i u, JSc Hin!rtmJnt w?ii E ;«Ii..iV«J and Qualities, plain and fancy weaves. , It was inaugurated to make a These Veihngsare the newgj
1 n this 3\l SomT \r, T uftiJ complete clean-up of all the short lengths before our fall goods arrive. P^in and dotted effects. The Rib- 1
i snilVd from hardliner w Jill Remnants that sold for 50c you may have to-day for "25c; those marked bons are in many widths and ef- M
rf in .StS?!"-, Th ?^ i^ *"¦¦*"""•**<*»»*>*»'»*'* sa,xrfi» i «2£ i S£^l
1 ( % %mI» r? y r I' *B» J \r 1 • *nr ' » «rc» great number of hair rib-S
I e p^FriSr" «o- . Tremendoiis Values in Women's
1 day> o . nly ' ~ Shirt Waists w a d, r^j* I
1 Laces and w \ . ttt Wash Goods
a ; We have an immense stock of these summer waists, very ~— ~— —~ ¦— ™ ——
H lT»viKt*/^iefl»*»5ia«' one of which is perfect in workmanship and up to date hr'style. \/~% T> a#Itt^4V«^<tv
g X^lllUl UiUCIlCS These prices cannot be surpassed and can be had Friday only. /jj IveaUCllOIl !
H 1/ f\£/> WfllStS. This sale includes colored and I
i 71 Off nn Several hundred colored and fancy striped and white waists; S^ (vS^^i^^nlfu p B ,r" 1
I , { „ <K/> some slightly soiled, but none damaged. The regular values, *' s ,^ " xirfS \ %™ 1 \u™T^"l
3 All of these Remnants of Em- J JL 75c and $1.00. tales, India Linon*. Mercerized |
3 broideries, Lace Edgings and Inser- Vfc^^ /0 * Oxfords, Grenadines and Swisses, g
I tions come in lengths from 1 yard ' „ Extra quality white Lawn Waists; have pretty Mexican PoSs cTc^i-l^off n r e mnant!^f^
L'erat'verf ba'ndfSTnsVnd" H/C J titC , hcd and also Mexican stitched down the front; others Sb^LineS. .To^HnJ TM M
dl U |f- S fl o a un O ce S rS in ba a d ,Mnl7 S p r ln d ||^JSoSoi^^^^^ is a great Friday opportunity. (j
a and summer styles. They are price '¦ ' — "~~S
I w k Fr;Jfav 'fji te C «n "ii C K n »K C /\r^ Fancy striped, Polka Dot and Sheer Lawn Waists; beautifully InfaTlR' StfirklTltf^ B
i veLu nrice onc - h^lf the QO^ made in a number of charming styles. While we. have not a full H"CHll^ U
ffl v 7Ov lme °f s ' zes in tn » s ' ot of over 1000 waists, you will be sure to. ** /* « 4%. H
m "* . . find your size among this lot. The regular values from $1.75 up < YY\ir» I £\f% U
BWnmpn^ WaqK to$225 * or IvC |
P ? » V/iat^ia O VV aoll Hundreds of other beautiful White Waists at $1.25, $1.45, $1-75, to We have a number of broken 8
g m $3-5O- AIso broken lines and much less than regular prices. i; nes o f Infants' Stockings in bothH
I OUltS ' "" Children's Dresses. Ribbed c casCre laC Th«e Ct L a c k d I
a , — — — 08c, ?1. 45 and 91.75— About two hundred and sixty-five in this lot— ines sell ordinarilv for io<- anrf t-r M
9 /?ra JA M W° Wc " av ? an assorted styies Children s School Dresses. They are to be sold below a pa ; r . Our remnant price is 3 H
El &!¦ y ga H e x c eption- cost of material. Sizes 8 to 14 years. f or iOe« * u
I Bra I fcJa«- ¦ riety of these --. . _ . y
Iwls TU pretty 8um j woinen s buits B
£» *¦ 1UCI \\ d b II KB I K*B *"\ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦HHBBHi^HHHI^HHiHHHMIHMH f*i
Pj ... ' - 11 p^Kfl I — E^ k*^ KpI la iSfl 5u uP K T ; 2 j4s~^ wJ S "if' yfl fit ri M m ICT SDOUt ¦
P reduction. There are any num- 1^ test colorings in checks and fancy
I ber of different styles. The price, gg ALWAYS RELIABLE . j mixtures; finely tailored; jackets
I |gg|| "m a n« ° P S ri "o? I J* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^ S^S^St^^S
I lM^M^M§ A" the Shopping Inducements That Have jg 'WS^MSM
g, regular prices. Made ThlS Store Popular Are Still Here. something to suit you in this lot. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR. NEW PLAN
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules*.
if you want a stand-
ard Piano at a very
reasonable price it»
will pay you to call
and investigate our
new plan : : : :
Chickering Agency
16 0'FAR.RELL ST. SAN FRANCISCO
...We Are Open Saturday flights...
Benj. ClirtflZ ®»Son
Dates of sale— August 8, 9, 10, 18, 19; September
5, 6, 7, 8, and October 3, 4, 5, 6/ Good for return for
90 days. : .
Leave San Francisco 10 a. m. or 6 p. m. Tourist
sleepers on 6 p. m. train.
Tickets 635 Market Street, San Francisco.
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railway.
In going East you should visit both Chicago and
St. Louis. Onry $72.50 to Chicago and return ; only
$72.50 to Chicago and return, one way via Kansas
City and St. Louis. Tickets good on The Overland
Limited of the, Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and
the
See Both
World's Fair Cities
Worfd's Fair TootfiDiefe in Handsomefu Finished Wooden Boxes Free to Aff Want AdvertisersTownsend's California Glace, fruits tn
artistic lire-etched boxes. 715 Market «t.»
Special Information supplied daily *o
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 330 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1012. *
Tom Is a veritable feline hobo. Just
as train No. 2 was about to pull out of
the Detroit station a few days ago Tom
appeared, carrying a mouse between
his teeth, as though provisioned for a
journey. He disappeared under a car
and was forgotten. When the train
reached Lima, Ohio, 156 miles from De
troit, strange sounds attracted the crew
to the front part of the train. It was
Thomas, calling for a drink. Seated
upon the truck he had ridden the en
tire distance from Detroit.
In vain did the train men coax the
little traveler to come off hla perch.
In the general offices of the Detroit
Southern Railway in Springfield, Ohio,
13 a much petted torn cat that for
merly resided in Detroit.
'An Itinerant Thomas.
ICH DIEN-M. H., Los Gatos, Cal.
The following is given as the origin of
Ich DIen, the motto of the English
Prince of Wales: "Edward the First
conquered the people of Wales after
a long and stubborn fight on the part
of the latter. To win the favor of
these unwilling subjects he promised
to give them for a ruler a prince born
in Wales who could not speak a word
of English. A few days after this
promise was made tht English queen
then staying at Carnarvon, Wales, to
be near the king— gave birth to a son.
and this infant the king brought be
fore the assembly of the people, eay
ing to them in Welsh, 'Elch Dyn."
meaning, 'bevond the man.* Whether
this be true or not. It ia a fact of his
tory that the young English prince
was at that time and under those cir
cumstances born in Wales and from
this fact the heir apparent to the
throne of England has ever since held
the title of the Prince of Wales."
NAVAL WARFARE — O. T. R..
City. It was on the 3d of July, 1878.
that there was a display on the bay
to illustrate naval warfare. The at
tack was by the Pensacola, the James
town, the Camanche and the Ports
mouth, on a dummy representing, an
ironclad and anchored off Arch Rock,
which rock has since been blown out
of existence. This was a part of the
centennial anniversary celebration.
DEATH OF TERRY— Thomas B.,
City. The killing of David S. T«rry
by David Neagle, a United States Dep
uty Marshal, after he had made an as
sault on Supreme Justice S. J. Field,
occurred at Lathrop. CaL, August 14,
1889. ••?;:;-.,
Cannot the railroad be Induced to
make special rates to encourage sav
ing of tons of good paper material
that are now burned? Respectfully,
MISS L. J. REEVES.
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir:
Cannot something be done about it?
The inclosed cutting from The Call
ought to suggest the starting of a new
Industry In California. Two or three
years ago I was In Ukiah when a man
came around to buy old rubber and
tin oil cans. The lady of the house
asked him to^buy rags, too, saying she
had three bags of clean rags, mostly
dressmaker's cuttings. "No," he re
plied, "I tried that once; it does not
pay. Filthy rags are brought from
Hamburg and delivered at the mills
cheaper than I can freight them from
Ukiah."
On Sunday, July 10, there appeared
in the columns of The Call a para
graph upon the disease laden sources
whence came the rags that are made
into our finest note paper. The fol
lowing comment upon this condition,
sent in the form of a communication
by a reader, contains a very excellent
suggestion for a remedy: .
OAKLAND, July 20.
For Cleaner Paper.
DR. ORD — Subscriber, City. Dr. J.
I* Ord, at one time a well known
United States army surgeon, stationed
at the Presidio, and brother of Gen
eral O. C. Ord, died in Hagerstown.
Md., October 3, 1898.
THE MINT— A Reader. Cltr. Tha
time of the opening of the United
States branch mint in San Francisco
was given in this department July *
of this year.
VENICE— S. P.. City. Venice, also
called Venedig. Is a fortified city and
seaport in the northern part of Italy
on the northwestern fringe of the Ad
riatic
PRESIDENTIAL. ELECTION — M.
K., City. No election for Presidential
electors will be held In 1904 In any at
the Territories of the United States.
SAN JOSE TOWER— S., City. Th»
height of the electric tower in San
Jose Is 198 feat.
r Anszvers to Queries.
"When he the Book of Life had read.
In humble prayer he bowed his head.
While long petitions scaled the sky.
His loving wife was kneeling by.
" 'Now I lay me down to sleep;
May Christ the Shepherd guard his
sheep,
And watch them with unsleeping eyes
Till they shall meet him in the skies.'
"When he his humble prayers "had said
He hung his trousers on the bed
And kissed his wife a sweet good night
And closed his eyes on the moon so
bright.
"And the goddess of sleep with her sil
very wings
Unfolded the future of happy things.
While an unknown man with a great
long pole
Hooked his breeches with skill untold."
— Atlanta Constitution.
How on earth the following beautiful
gem from a North Carolina singer ever
escaped the notice of the editor of The
Century Magazine will be the marvel
of the century. Listen to him:
" 'Twas a beautiful night in the month
of May,
That marked the close of a lovely day.
And the moon shone down with a holy
light
On the sleeping city fair and bright
"Such was the case, yet strange to think
'Tis all concerning Mr. Swink —
Concerning he and his wife so bright
And a Concord burglar on a moonlight
night.
T A Carolina Gem,
Born In the last year of the eight
eenth century, and therefore aged 13
when the battle of Waterloo was
fought, Mrae. Veuve Dupuis, who la
still hale and hearty, was a guest of
honor at the unveiling of Gerome's
monument, the Wounded Eagle, on ths
scene of the struggle of giants. Her
one wish, to travel to the battlefield in
a motor car, was gratified. She did
not, however, remain long away front
her residence at Chapelle-les Herlain
court, as she did not know how her
"boys," aged 80 and 7S, would get on
without her. It cannot be said that
her memories of Waterloo are very
complete or distinct. All she recollects
Is that she heard at the time of thieves
cutting off wounded officers' fingers to
steal their rings.— New York Tribune.
Remembers Waterloo.
Mexico Is thinking abotxt a new navy.
Is taking some of the preliminary steps
and is also laying out quite extended
plans of fortification to be carried on
through a cerlod of years as her fin
ances will afford It. Her engineers are
preparing plans for a modern fortress
on San Juan de Ulloa Island, Just out
side of Vera Cruz harbor, a site now
occupied by the old military prison, and
It Is expected that the work will be be
gun this year. Defenses for other ports
on the gulf and the Pacific coasts are
also in contemplation and will be begun
later, not because of any urgent pres
ent need of them, but to b'e ready and
fitted up with all modern improvements
in case they should at any time be
wanted.
Defense of Mexico.
In the parlor car Thomas curled him
self up in a cushioned chair, washed
his grimy face and went to sleep. Con
ductor William Lockard Insists that the
Intelligent beast planned the journey,
bringing the mouse along for lunch.
Thomas is a fine Maltese and has found
a home in the company's offices.—De
troit News.
*. >
He simply drew himself together and
spat at them. Meantime several pas
sengers had alighted to see what was
the matter, and Thomas finally conde
scended to accept an invitation to ac
company a gentleman who rode In a
parlor car. With deliberate caution ho
climbed down from the truck, bringing:
with him the remains of his larder— the
half-eaten body of a mouse.
"You could not understand if I ex
plained to you just what they put In
their whisky down there; it has the
color of whisky and tastea like a
strong solution of radium. Some call
it 'squirrel* because you feel like a
tree is the only safe place for you
after you have been absorbing a gill or
bo of this beverage.
"But I digress. My partner and I
bought the fellow out at our mine
three kegs of burro shoes — he only
lfcd two of the beasts — and 250 pounds
of iron washers — all they had at the
hardware emporium. Then we pur
chased and paid cash for a large,
double-walled, three compartment ice
safe, had it taken apart and packed
upon three burros and shipped out
to him. He had to go a mile and a
half to get plain water I might add
and the nearest ice was in the State
just north.
"Did the mine pan ? Would I be do-
Ing S3 details if it had?"
"Yes, the prospect of success is often
red and glowing enough to make a
man begin to figure on just how many
automobiles he is going to buy with
the money." The reformed grub
stake prospector bit contemplatively
into a slab of "chewing" and con
tinued in a voice hushed through
veneration for memories passed.
"Before I broke into the newspaper
business I was for many years what
you might call a wandering lamb on
the heartless deserts of Arizona and
New Mexico. * Sometimes I had some
thing to eat — other times I did not;
one may live on very little down where
the Gila flows. At the time I have in
mind I was eating some.
"A galoot had come into Blsbee
with some chunks of rock that looked
very good to myself and my partner
in iniquity and sorrow. He said that
he knew where there was more of it
seventy miles away out where It was
hot, so we grubstaked him and told
him. to go to it and might God have
mercy on his soul.
"About three weeks from that time
I was sitting on the commodious ver
anda of the Blind Luck saloon when
a fellow rode in and handed me a mes
sage from the poor devil who was
broiling out there on the sandy sands.
It read: 'Struck a regular vein —
widens as. she goes down; high-grade
sulphurets. There is a big thing In
sight. Need some burro shoes and
half a keg of No. 4 iron washers.'
"Well, upon reading that note I de
cided that I was already a rich man.
I consequently went over and dug my
partner out of a phony three-card
game, told him the good news and we
started out to buy those burro shoes
and washers.
The End of the Rainbow.
Advertising the shortcomings of oth
ers does not help us to dispose of our
own. ...
The introduction of elands into this
country 13 likely, to be attempted, before
Introducing Elands.
"Scouting with the aid of the tele
phone has become one of the features
of modern warfare and ia now being
made use of by the Japanese," says
the Western Electrician. "Two scouts
proceed from the lines toward the ene
my; one, the observer, is a skilled
army officer, who makes the observa
tions, which are transmitted back to
headquarters through a telephone line
paid out from a reel carried by an elec
trician of the signal corps. A ground
return is used, the ground being made
by thrusting a bayonet or hatchet into
the earth and attaching one end of the
line to it. The electrician carries a bat
tery on his back. He also makes the
connections and does the talking. A
special conductor is used, which ' will
stand the rough usage. In this man
ner a scout may be able to stay out
a long time and give valuable Informa
tion without being obliged to make a
number of hazardous trips to the
front."
Scouting by Telephone.
OUT of the prodigal cornucopia from which the
fruit of this State is pour«d surprises promise to
come of such a nature that we shall be under the
necessity of finding new names to fit the luscious novel
ties that are to tempt our palates. More than that, we
are to know strange perfumes and our eyes are to look
upon forms of beautiful flowers never heretofore beheld
by man. ,We shall have plums with a pineapple, banana
or Eartlett pear flavor, as we prefer, with the same case
we now order our choice of icecream soda in a candy
shop. We can have quince with pineapple trimmings,
cherries with plum odor, or blackberries with raspberry
fragrance, if we do not care for our fruit "straight."
All of these wonders are promised on the word of Ed
ward J. Wickson, professor of agricultural practice of
the University of California, as the result of successful
experiments which have been made by Luther Burbank.
Professor Wickson pays a beautiful tribute to Burbank
in an illustrated pamphlet just reprinted from the Sunset
Magazine. In it is given' an interesting account of the
mat.vels the scientist. has accomplished as a result of his
years of experiments at Santa Rosa. In his leading out
into an unknown field, untrammeled by rules or prece
dents, the author likens Burbank to Darwin. He says'
Californians do not know or appreciate the earnest, pa-
BURBANK'S CREATIONS.
THE thermometer in this city on Tuesday regis
tered from 52 to 66 degrees, with perfectly ideal
weather, while climatic conditions on the other side
of the continent were distressing. In New York City the
temperature was an even 100-. Twelve deaths were re
ported on account of the intense heat and scores of peo
ple were prostrated and taken to hospitals. Hundreds of
others not on the hospital records were stated as being
in a critical condition and the expectations are for a
greater death list unless the awful heat moderates.
In St Louis the. papers are recording how lightning
struck the Mexican National Pavilion, the Baltimore
papers are warning the inhabitants to clean up to avoid
the dreaded malaria which will surely follow the exces
sive heat, and the Philadelphia press is rejoicing over
the ability of the people again to obtain ice on Sunday
to prevent further infant mortality, an attempt having
been made under an old statute to stop the Sunday sale
of that commodity.
Californians have sometimes been criticized for the
pride they feel in their climate, but at a time like the
present when it is almost cruel to make comparisons it
will be evident their contentions are justified.
If any one doubted that China is striving to enroll her
self among the progressive nations of the twentieth cen
tury and to drink at the fountain of Western eiviliza
tion, let the doubt resolve itself into the certainty of posi
tive assertion that the Flowery Kingdom has at last sat
up and is taking keen notice of what is best in the world.
Fifteen high class Chinese youths, dominated by a high
purpose, have come among us to be educated in our col
leges of learning, and we share their opinion that they
have chosen the best in the world.
EASTERN WEATHER.
Having made a bid for a niche in the temple of literary
fame with their ambitious offering, "Health Hints for
the Household," the members of the Board of Health
have made the harrowing discovery that the child of
their literary labor must go out into the world without
the names of its parents. Let us congratulate the men
of pills and pellets. They will be as glad in a week or
so over the omission as we are and will look upon it as
a kindly intervention of fate for the protection of their
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
6 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, July 8.— Labor
leaders here were somewhat astonished
when they learned that John Mitchell
of the Miners' Union of the United
States had arrived in England. They
had no warning of his approaching
visit, although they were aware that
he -was to attend the Miners' Interna
tional Congress in August next at
Paris. On his arrival Mr. Mitchell had
no time to make an official pronounce
ment regarding the miners' agitation
In the United States, as he was In a
hurry to see fcr the flret time his an
cestors' home in Ireland.
The British Mine Owners' Associa
tion view Mitchell's appearance In
England with much alarm. They be
lieve that he has come over here to
discuss the question of international
co-operation with the Miners' Federa
tion of Great Britain, and there Is
nothing the owners dread more than
euch a compact. Mr. Mitchell will
visit the leading centers of the mining
industry of England and Scotland be
-fore he returns to the United States.
The owners here believe, although they
will not express the opinion publicly,
that he has a mandate from the execu
tive of his union ia America to bring
about co-operation if it is practicable.
Eo much alive, la £act. are.proprie
tors in this country to the danger of the
-situation that they are likely to send a
delegation to the United States almost
immediately to discuss the subject
with the owners' federation there.
Mysterious Mitchell
Special Coir«roondene«.
The automobile has taken another desperate fall out
of our declining store of romance. General Chaff ee has
adopted the motor car and seated in one of them re
viewed his troops recently. What will we do now to
perpetuate the images of our military heroes? How
would General Chaffee look done in stone, his graven
image rising majestically from a choo-choo car rather
than sitting in command on the back of his prancing
charger?
An honor has been paid to Mrs. Mary
E. Wilklns Freeman, author of "The
Givers," by her appointment as a mem
ber of the committee representing the
United States In the new Lyceum Club,
Piccadilly, London. The club is for
women only and it is the plan eventu
ally to have branches in other coun
tries. To have obtained a situation in
Piccadilly itself is a triumph' for the
women described as "the energetic and
powerful founders of the Lyceum."
One of the most difficult problems the
club has had to face has been to meet
the requirements of all its \ members,
who include women of wealth as well
as those who earn their own livelihood.
That this problem has been met ia evi
dent in many directions. For instance,
luncheon Is served for as little as nine
pence, or for three shillings. Or a mem
ber may dine for fifteen pence, or may
dine herself and entertain one friend
for half a sovereign. Music, art, a fine
information bureau and other features,
beautiful or merely practical, will com
bine to make the club the finest
women's organization In the world.
Another distinguished American woman
who is- on the committee representing
the United States is Miss Jeannette L.
Gilder.
Novel Club for Women.
John Barrett, the recently appointed
Minister to the Argentine, and subse
quently transferred to Panama, is per
haps the champion long-distance trav
eler of the diplomatic service. In the
year just closed, while on a world-tour
ing mission as Commissioner General
for the St. Louis Exposition, he cover
ed not less than 50,000 miles. The year
previous he went to South America as
delegate to the Pan-American Con
gress. In 1901 he traveled the United
States, addressing the most Important
Chambers of Commerce in the county.
In 1900 he went around the world. In
1899 he traveled from the Philippines to
Vladivostok, to Japan and through In
dia, The year previous he spent in the
Philippines and along the Chinese
coast, a frequent and much-sought
guest at important social and commer
cial functions in the Anglo-Chinese
cities of Asia. Previous to '88, as Min
ister to Siam, he visited the important
cities of the East, and before entering
the diplomatic service he traveled
around the world as a newspaper cor
respondent. His feats as an earth
girdler were but incidental to the build
ing up of a successful career, • physical
vitality, and an active brain.
Mr. Barrett is a man who does
things. He Is an eloquent and con
vincing public Breaker, a forceful writ
er and a public spirited, aggressive
American, loyal to the highest ideals of
citizenship. He is the kind of a man
Roosevelt likes and the sort of an
American that adds luster to the dip
lomatic service — an athletic, robust,
strenuously intellectual and vigorously
active twentieth century American. —
The Outing.
The Long-Distance Diplomat.
Such being the case it is the duty of employers who
have members of the guard in their employ to grant
them ample leave of absence for the encampment. It is
certainly to the interest of all business men that the
military efficiency of the guard be increased to the ut
termost, and there is no better means of doing that than
is provided by the proposed maneuvers. The matter in
deed is one of concern to the republic itself and no em
ployer should stand in the way to prevent a member of
the guard from taking part in the exercises, which, as
Major Gillette says, "should not only provide an excel
lent outing for the forces engaged, but should furnish an
experience to our officers and men that would be of incal
culable value to our country in time of war."
MAJOR GILLETTE of the. corps of engineers of
the United States army contributes to the cur
rent number of Sunset a short but fairly com
prehensive statement of the general character of the
maneuvers that are to take place in August at the grand
encampment near Paso Robles. The statement makes
clear the fact that the gathering of volunteers and regu
lars is not to be for any holiday outing, but for serious
work in solving certain important war problems that
cannot be so well learned in any other way.
In describing the course of instruction to be given
during the maneuvers Major Gillette says the trpops will
be employed in "practicing that part of the art of war
that lies beyond the drill ground and the target range,"
and adds: "The art of operating in the vicinity of an
enemy can best be learned by actual work in the field.
To camp in safety, to march so as not tp.be surprised or
ambushed, to be always ready to take an advantageous
position if attacked, to protect communications and
wagon trains, to arrange the movements of artillery,
cavalry and infantry so as not to interfere with each
other and yet be always ready for attack or defense, to
make hasty intrenchments, to improvise bridges and
•roads, to interpret maps and to make reconnoissances,
and in general to learn the handling of troops in the
field, are some of the things to be undertaken."
Instruction in such matters is, of course, of vital im
portance in military training, and it would avail but little
to volunteers to know how to drill with precision and to
shoot straight if they did not knojv these other things as
well. It is to be desired therefore that as many members
of the guard as possible should take part in the* encamp
ment to profit by association with the regulars in the
maneuvers.
THE COMING MANEUVERS.
Enterprising correspondents who are now making and
unmaking generals and giving to the world the bloodi
est battles in its history should have a care lest they
reach the limit of their resources and of our credulity.
They have already killed enough on both sides to tres
pass on the lives of the combined Russian and Japanese
occupants of Manchuria. If any more be killed in this
battle of lurid quilldrivers we will be facing the ludicrous
condition of more men dead than were alive.
Robbtn Island, where for many years
the diFeastd outcasts from all South
Africa have been isolated, invariably
excites the curiosity of passengers on
their arrival off Cape Town, and the
xr.ere mention of it creates a feeling of
horror in the minds of residents in the
Cape Colony. It was in the Cape As-
Etmbly the other day that Dr. Hewat,
who is one of the most prominent
medical men in South Africa, made
Borne astounding statements regarding
conditions in the leper island. The
doctor said he knew of between sixty
end seventy persons condemned to a
lifelong banishment there amid sur
roundings that were indescribable, but
who in reality never had been a source
of danger to any one and who would
. not be if allowed to go at large. In
consequence the medical man said that
he now refused to certify as lepers
those only slightly affected, as he knew
that to do so would be to banish them
at once aad for life to the dread island.
And Dr. Hewat instanced the case of
a man, who. after having been kept
on the island for eight years as a
leper, was finally discharged, it having
been established conclusively that he
had never been affected by leprosy at
all. Then this practitioner went on to
bring some amazing charges regarding
the administration of the leper Island.
Patients tent to Robben for examina
tion, he maintained, received no con
sideration at ail at the hands of the
advisory board there and were left
amid awful surroundings without hope.
The members of this advisory board,
the accuser continued, who should visit
the isiand every three months, had, in
fact, only visited it four times in three
years. In consequence of this neglect,
he declared, the unfortunates on the
island were dying like flies from tu
berculosis, due to overcrowding.
When several members of the Cape
Assembly, shocked by Dr. Hewat's
statements, visited Robben Island the
other day, they were met by a half
crazy wretch, who implored the vis
itors' help. A carpenter of Southamp
ton, England, he went to work at Kim
berley, contracted leprosy In a mild
fcrm and promptly was dragged off to
the leper Island. This was three
months ago. He now has loet all trace
of the disease, but is as much a pris
oner as if he were doing a life term of
penal servitude. Meantime he is the
more anxious to return to his family at
Kimberley, whom he has not seen
since his confinement, as they are de
pendent upon what his son, who is
only 15, can earn. Life on the island
he described as most horrible. There
are few books for the use of lepers, and
they pass the dreary days in- musing
en the terrible fate that has sent them
there. This victim adds that the food
supplied to the lepers is indifferent and
the mode of serving It bad. The man's
statements now have been Incorporated
in a Government blue book and his re
lease is likely, as well as an official in
vestigation into the conditions prevail
ing on the leper island.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
6 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN". LONDON. July 8.— Had it
not been for the war and the state of
things political in this country at
present, undoubtedly more attentior
would have been attracted by a grim
Btory v.hlch came from Fouth Africa
the other day regarding the lepers on
Robben Island, near Cape Town, for
this account recalls vividly some of the
rcost grews-ome pages of "Ben Hur."
Special Conrfpondene*.
Horrors of Robbcn Island.
WHEAT growers and millers are rallying to ac
tion in the solution of the wheat problem. The
matter, as far as it has advanced, illustrates the
mighty change that science has wrought in the arts re
lated to the soil. The French settlers in Louisiana de
voted themselves exclusively to the production of in
digo. That crop was profitable and the prosperity of
the province rested upon it. But a disease and a,para
site attacked the indigo plant and an awful calamity fell
upon rural Louisiana. It was then that the planters,
after they were practically ruined, turned to sugar-cane
and rice.
That was long ago. Had it happened now there would
have been no surrender to insects, or disease. '¦ In the
far Creole days nothing was known about vegetable
pathology or the use of beneficial insects to destroy and
exterminate their predaceous brethren. Now we over
come phylloxera with resistant grape vines. We medi
cate plants that are beset by fungoid diseases, and we
clean California orchards of scale by the use of insects,
and we fight the Texas cotton weevil to a finish by im
porting ants from Guatemala. We take a beet and
breed it to find saccharine in the soil, just as we breed a
dog to find quail in the chaparral. In the lexicon of ag
riculture there is no such word as "fail."
When the first settlers plowed the prairies of Ne
braska their corn was regularly destroyed every year
by the early frost. When it was demonstrated that the
season was too short to mature that staple crop the ad
vance guard of civilization began to fall back, beaten
by General Frost. In this emergency appeared a greater
•leader than General Frost in the person of J. Sterling
Morton. He called a halt in the retreat from the fron
tier and told the routed settlers that what they needed
was "a ninety-day corn." "How will we get it?" howled
the discouraged and defeated plowmen. "Breed it,"
shouted the master of men, and breed he did, although
in that distant day little was understood and nothing had
been printed aboui breeding plants for a specific purpose.
He gave to Nebraska a ninety-day corn, that' was ready
for the husker three ' months after the planter put the
seed in the ground, and so saved the State to settlement
and civilization.
California is at a crisis in wheat growing. In other
days we would drop that crop entirely and find a sub
stitute for it as the Creoles did for indigo. But the
times have changed. Agriculture no longer surrenders
to conditions'". It improves them or creates new ones.
From the discussion of the failure of gluten in our
v/heat, making necessary the admixture of 20 per cent of
the gluten wheats of Kansas or Dakota to produce a
strong and merchantable flour, a few things are plainly
apparent. When our wheat made a large yield and grew
strongly on new land it contained abundant gluten and
produced a strong flour. As the land is successively
cropped and the yield per acre falls the gluten falls with
it and its place is taken by starch and we get a weak
flour.
Irrigation has been tried to induce a more vigorous
growth. But experience proves that irrigation pro
duces a "punky" wheat, very inferior and with no in
crease in gluten. When fresh seed is used, imported
from outside, the first crop is satisfactory in its gluten
content and after that comes a decline. As we cannot
afford to abandon wheat growing, as it is to be always
the main crop on our non-irrigable lands, the crisis is
real and must be met with all the weapons of warfare
furnished by modern science. It is demonstrated that
gluten is a variable quantity in our wheat. When the
plant is most vigorous it has the most gluten. The les
son is obvious. Reinforce the vigor of the plant.
If Nebraska could breed a corn so quick and vigorous
in growth that it could clear the frost in ninety days we
can find a wheat with its assimilative system strong
enough to get a due percentage of gluten out of the soil,
but we must do this by artful fertilization, fallowing and
all the other methods for promoting plant vigor. We
cannot go abroad and find a wheat that carries 50 per
cent gluten and plant it in the expectation that it will
continue to produce that much gluten, for it will not.
Fresh seed and fertilization seem to point to a solution
of this most interesting problem which the State Board
of Trade has brought into focus. The millers have sup
plied the means needed to begin the necessary experi
ments.
It is a matter that goes straight to every home in the
State aside from its commercial. feature. Everybody eats
bread, in the sweat of his own face or that of some one
else, and we demand our daily bread with less starch
and more gluten, for our people want more muscle and
less fat. Without wheat an appreciable percentage of
California land will be deprived of a profitable crop
and our export trade will suffer if we can send out no
wheat nor flour.
The eland is nearly six feet high at
the shoulder when full grown and
weighs 1600 pounds. It is not particu
larly swift (unlike most of its con
geners) and a. man can sometimes over
take it by running. Its flesh is con
sidered a delicacy. Commonly it
browses in herds In the waterless des
erts of South Africa, to which it is na
tive. Its ability to get along for months
together without water being a mys
tery. To some extent, doubtless. It de
pends upon moisture derived from suc
culent plants, such as the wild water
melon.
There are two varieties of eland, one
being reddish in color and the other
(known as the Livingston eland)
striped. It is one of about 200 species of
antelopes found in South Africa, where
animals cf this genus seem to have un
dergone the most extraordinary differ
entiation. Some of them are the swift
est runners of all animals, and certain
kinds are so wild and wary that hunt
ers cannot possibly get within gunshot
of them unless by the help of what Is
known as an artificial ostrich — a Hot
tentot contrivance, consisting of the
skin of an ostrich arranged to disguise
a man, who holds the head of the sup
posed bird aloft by means of a stick
thrust through the neck.
Elands are becoming scarce in South
Africa. Though they seem (o be the
most desirable species for importation
into this country, there are others
vhich might be valuable — notably the
srringbok, which is a graceful creature
less than three feet in height, of a beau
tiful fawn color, a prolific breeder and
well suited to the conditions, climatic
and otherwise, of the arid regions of
Arizona, New Mexico and Southern
California.— Saturday Evening Post.
leng, the Department of Agriculture
having given its approval to the Idea.
All that is needed is money, which
Congress will be asked to give. The
animals, which are the largest of all
antelopes, would be very valuable in
the desert regions of the Southwest as
a source of meat supply. They require
almost no water, are accustomed to
forage for themselves and are quite
tractable.
1 tient man who has been working so constantly and quiet
ly in their midst and that while they 'are pleased to call
him the of Horticulture," from his startling, in
novations in fruits, vegetables and plants, his legerde
main has "been made possible only after a Job-like pa
tience accompanied by constant study and experiment.
Among the most startling of Burbank's successes, is
the anomally of a white blackberry, resembling clusters
of pearls. More marvelous still are a number of varie
ties of stoneless plums. Professor Wickson says of
them: "The kernel is fully developed, but naked— no
hard substance intervenes between it and the pulp. To
•take up a plum and bite through it without hesitation re
quires education, so strong is the conception of the dan
ger involved, but to bite freely and find the flavor en
hanced by the nutty savor of the kernel brings reward ia ,
the new sensation which the palate experiences."
Another of Burbank's creations is what he has named
the "plum-cot," a new fruit, the offspring of the plum
and rpricot. He has developed a giant prune, new styles
in berries and even provided vegetable monstrosities. In
v/rrting of his friends, the fruits and flowers, Burbank
says: "We have learned that they are as plastic in our
hands as clay in the hands of the potter or color on the
artist's canvas and can readily be molded into more beau- *
tiful forms and colors than any painter or sculptor can
ever hope to bring forth."
THE WHEAT PROBLEM.
THE SAV- FRANCISCO GALL; FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ......... Address All Commcnications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Pllblicatlori Ofllco -~ •'"•• • •. • .Third and Market Streets S. F.
FRIDAY ...-. ¦. JULY 22,1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESBnrnett'ii Extract of Vanilla ts the
best, perfectly pure.' highly concentrated. •
The Rev. Father James Augustine
Colligan, S. j:, will celebrate his first
solemn high mass on Sunday, July 24,
at 11 o'clock at St. Brigid's Church,
corner of Broadway and "Van Ness ave
nue. Father Colligan, who was re
cently ordained a priest of the Jesuit
Order in St. Louis, is a native of this
city and when a boy served at the
altar at which he will officiate Sun
day. .
To Sina His First Hi^h Mass.
A. C. Freese, former Public Admin
istrator, yesterday sued John C. Lynch,
Collector of Internal Revenue for this
district, for the refund of $68638
taxes paid under protest for the estate
of James V?. Singer, who died Septem
ber 19. 1898. The tax was collected
under the provisions of the war
revenue law of 1898, but Freese al
leges that the distributive portion of
the estate was worth less than $10,000
and not subject to the tax. Further
more, the demand for payment by the
Revenue Collector was made four
years after the estate had been dis
tributed and after Freese had retired
from office. Freese's demand for the
remission of the tax was turned down
by the Government.
To Recover Inheritance Tax.
The property on Montgomery street,
a short distance south of Bush, a half
interest in which belongs to the heirs
of the late J. C. Yoell, will occupy the
attention of the courts for a while.
Yesterday Fred A. Vollmer, through
his attorneys, Bishop. Wheeler &
Hoefler. commenced suit asking the
Superior Court to declare that a parti
ton of the property would be prejudi
cial to the owners and to order a sale
and the distribution of the proceeds
among all who have an interest there
in. Vollmer claims an undivided half
interest in the property and the re
mainder belongs to the dozen or more
heira of Yoell. Vollmer's interest is
subject to a mortgage of $27,500, held
by the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety. The other owners and cotenanta
will have to set forth their interests in
court before the sale can be ordered.
To Partition Yoell Property.
At Sunset Park, Santa Cruz Moun
tains, on next Sunday will be held
the annual picnic of the United
Brotherhood -of Railway Employes.
Special trains will be provided for the
accommodation of the railway hands
and their numerous friends on the oc
casion. One of the attractions at the
park will be a tug of war between the
men employed at Third and Townsend
streets and those in Valley*. The fol
lowing committee on arrangements has
been intrusted with the management
of the day's outing: J. E. Murray, H.
E. Ilderton. J. H. Higbee, F. J. Kleuck,
Frederick Bergstrom. Charles Hegren,
K. Hegen. F. Smith, F. S. Burdick, W.
Crabtree. W. L. Frier. T. F. Delaney,
J. L. Fuller and W. B. Cameron; re
ception — E. P. Ladorre, W. J. Swarts,
E. F. Cooney, Samuel Thompson, A.
Brown, A. L. Shipley. W. F. Long, R.
A. Lennon, E. Green, Joseph Frates,
G. A. Brackett, P. T. Hallings, F. A.
Boye, Mathew Manning, J. B. Mc-
Intyre and J. Bergstrom; floor — Harry
Partridge, director; Gordan Gliddon,
Granville Mayhews, J. D. Dent, A. E.
Pinching, W. E. Tucker, E. R. Mvers,
F. A. La Breck and C. V» Pars'ons;
games — William Bland, C. F. Butte,
Charles Arnold, W. L. Shillingford, A.
E. Bentley, John Cusanwich and James
Locke.
Railway Employes Will Picnic.
Reception by Woodmen.
To-night the 4600 members of the
fifteen local camps of the Woodmen of
the World will tender a reception to
Past Consul Commander of Mission
O>mp Peter F. Gilroy. recently ap
pointed State org-anizer for California.
An attractive musical and literary
programme has been prepared and the
Jstate organizer will deliver a short ad
dress.
FOSTOFFICE CLERKS APPOINTED. —
Postmaster Fi*k yesterday appointed the fol
lowing named persons from the civil service
eliirlbk list as substitute clerks: William G.
Maher, Charles E. Lathrop. Leon H. Cochran,
Robert J. Chesney and Frank Roche.
The trustees of the Humane Society
net yesterday and elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing year: John
Partridge, president; G. M. Mitchell,
vice president; J. S. Hutchinson, treas
urer; C. B. Holbrook, secretary, and
Martin Stevens, counsel. Robert
Stevenson was appointed a special of
ficer. Mrs. Katherine Ede, John Mc
<".av., Dr. A. Levy, Dr. W. S. Thorne,
Paul Smith and Walter Oesterreich
¦were elected members of the society.
A bequest of J2«0 from the estate of
Ottilie Herpjch was announced. Dur
ing the month of June 370 animals
were involved in the society's investi
gations and of these 173 were afforded
relief.
Humane Society Kloot* Ofliccrs.
Immoral of Mi>. Warren To-Day,
The funeral of the late Mrs. Emily
Amelia Warren, wife of the Rev.
James H. "Warren, D. D., will take
place this morning at 9:45 o'clock
from the family residence, 1544 Taylor
Ftreet. The services will be conducted
by the Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor of the First Congregational
Church, assisted by the Rev. H. E.
Jewett. The pallbearers will be T. T.
Crittenden. F. A. Alexander, Ballard
White, Charles Z. Merritt, Kirk Simp
son; honorary ballbearers — Judge
?Ciles Searls. Elbridge Durbrow.George
Childi=. J. H. Barnard, Thomas Gar
rett. J. H. Gilmour, Dorsey Xoteware,
the Rev. W. C. Pond, D. D.; the Rev.
Walter Frear, the Rev. S. H. Willey.
D. D., and Morton Lindley.
Miss Reynolds comes to the Tivoli
with a splendid Eastern reputation as
an artist. She is magnetic and at
tractive, has a graceful figure and a
fine voice. Besides all these natural
advantages she is a clever dancer.
Miss Reynolds' first work was done
with the Castle Square Opera Com
pany. After four years gaining expe
rience she was two years with Frank
Daniels and left his company to play
the leading soubrette part in "The Ca
sino Girl" in New York. Previous to
her engagement with the Rogers
Brothers she Dlayed the soubrette
roles at the LaSalle Theater.
Miss Carrie Reynolds,-, who played
the principal soubrette role with
"Rogers Brothers in London" last sea
son, has arrived In San Francisco and
will immediately begin rehearsals of
her part of Susan in "The Toreador,"
which is to follow "Robin Hood" at
the Tivoli.
Carrie Reynolds Is
to Open in "The
Toreador."
TALENTED ACTRESS WHO IS
• COMING HERE TO JOIN THE
TIVOLI COMPANY
The petition of high school teachers
that they be permitted to use Brad
bury's and NewelTs chemistry and
Coleman's and Stone's laboratory man
ual was granted.
W. E. IJUHngs. Cecilia Barnett. Nettle
Windrcm. Mabel Miller, Anna. O'Connor. Emily
Coejr, Sire. George Forbes, Misses Kate
Lahaney, Helen Miller and Victoria Stewart
Similar action was taken on the peti
tion of parents that a seventh and
eighth grade class be created in the
Buena Vista School.
Leaves of absence were granted to
teachers, mainly on account of illness,
as follows:
Edith Humphrey. Leonora O'Brien. May E.
Mo: fan. Emma Ueardsley. May Geary, E. S.
Groejean. Ron; Fay. J. BIgley, Elizabeth Gll
lcn, Bessie Durkee and E. M. North.
Teachers' certificates were granted to
the following:
Principal Annie M. Hagarty petition
ed that a new receiving class be estab
lished in the Monroe School. The peti
tion was taken under advisement.
E. A. Sleator was transferred from
the Horace Mann Grammar School to
the Hearst Grammar School and was
elected vice principal of the last
named school.
Miss Agnes P. Halsey was appointed
to the Lincoln Evening School.
Guy Sto-kes was appointed head
teacher of the classical department of
the Girls' High School.
The committee of compulsory educa
tion of the California Club petitioned
that the Superintendent of Schools as
sign a deputy to take charge of the
enforcement of the law with the view
of providing special classes for habit
ual truants, who, unless properly cared
for. will become criminals. The com
mittee says a grave question has arisen
as to what shall be done with juvenile
offenders who have been released upon
parole and that the plan suggested
would solve the problem. The petition
was granted.
WANTS NEW CLASS.
The resignation of Isabella Patter
son as a teacher in the department was
accepted, subject to the condition that
she be placed upon the retired list by
the Committee on Retirement of the
Public School Teachers' Annuity and
Retirement Fund.
The resignation of Miss A. J. Clark
as vice principal teacher cf the Hearst
Grammar School was accepted.
The resignation of Agnes J. Ahern as
assistant teacher in the Whittier Prim
ary School was accepted. She also sent
notice of the death of her sister, Mary
A. Ahern, a teacher in the Franklin
School.
Professor A. Altman was transferred
from the Mission High School to the
drawing department of the Lowell
High School.
Miss Adrienne Cerf was appointed as
assistant teacher of Latin in the Mis
sion High School.
ELECTS VICE PRINCIPAL.
The board took occasion to deny the
rumor that the Dudley Intone and
Richmo-nd schools . would not reopen
next Monday.
SCHOOLS WILL REOPEX.
The board adopted a resolution ap
proving the courses of study submitted
by Superintendent Langdon for the en
suing year.
James McSheehy, inspector of school
buildings, was granted a leave of ab
sence for one year.
Josephiw "White, to Irving M. Scott School;
Alice L. Marsh, to Irving M. Scott; Carolyn
Hortop, to Fremont; Gertrude R. Norton, to
Taiinc Heights; Kathcrlne T. Moore, to Spring
Valley; Bertha Klaus, to Lafayette; Kathryn
Parker, to Irving M. Scott; Josephine M. Hop
kins, to Jean Parker (during leave -of Miss E.
F. Beardsley); Joanna Mullins, to -Sherman:
Evangclir.e Adams, to Leguna Honda: Nellie
T. O'Connor, to Whittier; Anna R. King, to
Buena Vis'.a; Edith I>apham. to Cooper (during
leave of Miss Rose Fay).
The fallowing transfers of teachers
were ordered:
R. KurlanJzlk, from Buena Vista to Spring
Valley; M. A. Thomas. Spring Valley to LJu»na
Vista; M. Soule. Irvine M. Scott to Buena
Vista; J. McOevUt. Irving to Hal^hf, IS.
Harrison Lincoln to Noe Valley; L. Hanson,
Bernal to Agassiz; M. Mooney, Douglass to
Irving M Scott; C. E. Parks, Henry Durant
to Ix>ug!ajs; E* Cook, Irving to Henry Durant;
E. Gallagher, Spring Valley to Lincoln; L. K.
t'ipwr. Irvine Scott to Fairmount; C. Newman,
Laguna Honda to Irving.
The Board of Education yesterday
made complete preparations for the
opening of the schools next Monday
by assigning a number of teachers on
the substitute list to regular position's
in the department. Many transfers of
teachers were also made, while several
pedagogues resigned and their succes
sors were appointed. The assignments
follow:
The Grand Lodge set aside a stated
sum to meet the expenses of grand of
ficers who during the year make of
ficial visits to the subordinate lodges.
The new constitution was taken up,
acted upon by section, and after re
vision and amendment, adopted as a
whole, and will hereafter be the guide
for the grand body. The same course
was pursued as to the new constitution
for the subordinate bodies.
It was also decided to have an or
ganizer in the field for the ensuing
twelve months.
The next session of the grand body
will be held in the city of Oakland on
July 18, 1905, upon invitation of Albion
Lodge.
In the evening a banquet in a
Powell-street restaurant to the retiring
and new officers and delegates was
given by Pickwick and Burnaby
lodges, acting Jointly in the entertain
ment of the guests. About 150 were
present, including ladles in the dining
hall, which was very artistically deco
rated with evergreens and festoons,
together with English and American
flags. The tables were also tastefully
decorated with roses, carnations and
smilax. It was a happy gathering that
during the evening rose and drank
the health of the King of England and
that of the President of the United
States. The toastmaster was Past
Grand President F. D. Brandon. The
toasts and those who responded to
them were: "The Empire of To-Day,"
Austin Lewis; "The Order," Grand
President Johnson; "Sons of St.
George," Past Grand President Charles
W. Pope; "Canada," J. L. West; "Our
Brothers in the Sunny South," Robert
Sharp, P. G. P.; "General Remarks,"
T. B. Bradbury, P. G. P.; "Our
Brothers in British Columbia," W. H.
Price, and "The Ladies," G. E. Fisher.
Those who contributed to the musical
part of the entertainment were
Thomas P. Nowlan, Alfred W.WIlkie.C.
V. Noyes, and an orchestra while the
King was toasted played "God Save
the King" and rendered "The Star-
Spangled Banner" when President
Roosevelt was toasted.
Riverside Lodge, recently instituted
by R. Sharp, P. G. P., was presented
by the grand body with a set of
officers' regalia.
The Grand Lodge of the Sons of
St. George closed its business in Red
Men's Hall late yesterday afternoon
with the installation of the officers
elected on the previous day. The in
stalling officer was Past Grand Presi
dent Robert Sharp, who was assisted
by Past Grand President F. D. Bran
don. The installation was followed by
the presentation of a handsome jewel
to retiring Grand. President J. H.
Cocking.
The per capita tax was fixed at $1
for the current year.
Giovanni Spingola yesterday filed
suit for divorce against his wife Maria
on the ground of cruelty. Among the.
speciflc acts complained of is refusal
to nurse him when he was ill with ty
phoid fever. After he had spent two
months in the country recovering hl3
health he came home and she is said to
have declared she would rather have
had him come home in a coffin.
It's a rare occasion when cruelty to
a wife Is supplemented by charge of
cruelty to the children in a complaint
for divorce, but Viola B. Daulton In a
suit for separation from Frank Daul
ton declares that besides threatening
to kick and kill her he choked their
daughter Effle and swung Gertrude,
another child, around several times by
the hair. Daulton Is said to own two
lots and a home on Carter street.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Anna A. Tornroth against Werner
Tornroth for desertion; Josephine M.
Rodgers against Bertram Rodgers,
failure to provide; Kate Fowler against
John Fowler, neglect; Clara Hinehcllffe
against William Hinchcllffe, neglect.
Divorces were granted by Judge Ker
rigan to William A. Howey from Ro
setta Howey, extreme cruelty; to
Jeanette Elgle Paine from William B.
Paine, neglect; by Judge Troutt to Ad
die B. Foley from Ed F. Foley, deser
tion; Mary Agnes Lunn from Charles
A. Lunn, neglect: to Albert W. Bense
man from Julia Benseman, cruelty.
WISHED HE WAS DEAD.
On the following day the man Is said
to have represented to her that as she
had spent the night in his apartments
she was disgraced in the eyes of the
world and although nothing improper
had happened it would not be believed
that she was innocent.
Being only 21 years old and "unused
to the ways of the world," she says
that she believed his statements and
was overwhelmed with grief and an
guish. He insisted that she should
marry him to save her reputation. She
declares that he made the representa
tions for the purpose of "mortifying her
spirit and shaming her," and placed
her in a false position in order to com
pel her to marry him. He declared she
could only remove the stigma by be
coming his wife, and believing this she
consented. They were united on July
11. Immediately she discovered the
falsity and fraud of his conduct, and
now. ten days after the ceremony, she
seeks a legal separation, averring that
they have never sustained the relation
of husband and wife.
Ada R. Duncan, who sued Benjamin
B Duncan of W. B. Cluff & Co. for di
vorce on sensational grounds, and
whose case has since appeared in the
Police Court by reason of the violent
actions of her brother-in-law, yester
day began suit In the Superior Court
to recover from W. C. Duncan, her
husband's brother, the value of $1000
worth of furniture alleged to have been
removed from the family home on
June 8, 1903. Mrs. Duncan also filed a
supplementary complaint to her suit
for divorce, alleging the brother-in-law
and Duncan's sister, Eva. were in pos
session of $3000 cash belonging to Dun
can and $2000 worth of community
property.
In her suit for annulment Blanche
Gore Meyer tells a story stranger than
fiction. She says that on July 9 Meyer
was temporarily domiciled at a hotel in
San Francisco. He pretended to be ill
and sent for her to come and nurse
him. Believing him to be in need of
.her attention, she went to the hotel
and remained with him for several
hours, doing the good offices seemingly
demanded by his condition. Finally,
believing that her presence was no
longer needed, she prepared to leave the
apartments, but Meyer insisted that she
remain with him. Under his compulsion
she did remain throughout the night.
DISGRACED HERSELF.
An inspection of the records of the
local courts developed the fact that on
April 19 Meyer was divorced by his
wife, Grace A. Meyer, and that she ob
tained the custody of their two chil
dren.
An unophlsticated maiden acting as
nurse for a friend, who was the father
of a family but divorced from his wife,
was made the victim of a cruel play
upon honor, according to the complaint
filed yesterday In the Superior Court
by Blanche Gore Meyer for an annul
ment of her marriage with William H.
Meyer.
Her story is a tale of the wiles of a
conscienceless man. The Lick House
was the scene of the affair, although
it is not mentioned in the complaint.
Inquiry made of her attorney, G. Gun
zendorfer, discloses that the parties are
not of prominence outside of their own
circles. The lawyer says the girl is all
that she represents herself to be In the
way of maidenly innocence, and that
the man in the case is without prop
erty, means or employment, and his
reputation is nil. He is said to be a
citizen of New York and to have lived
there on West One Hundred and Twen
ty-eighth street.
No legal move was made in the Dol
beer case yesterday. The petition for
the probate of the will has been set for
hearing in Judge Coffey's department
of the Superior Court on August 2. At
that time Kiram W. Johnson will file
a contest to the will on behalf of
Henry Schander of Sacramento, uncle
of the late Miss Dolbeer. It is believed
others will take the same action, as it
will place them in a position to be par
ties to the compromise it is said tho
principal devisees are willing to enter
do.
If unfortunate Bertha M. Dolbeer
had felt a premonition of the disap
pointment and mystery that would fol
low her taking off, doubtless her good
heart would have failed her. She
would have borne her burdens in
pilence or disposed of her vast wealth
otherwise than by will.
There is no one of the many made
poorer by the loss of her association,
end richer with her gold, that is not
aiding in an effort to shroud her death
with mystery and to cloud the facts
that surrounded the making of her last
will. Her chief beneficiary. Miss Etta
M. Warren, is ill, all admit, and from
her DO explanation can be expected.
But then* are others — friends or of
distant kin— who also find it advan
tageous to announce tl.at they are
prostrated with the shock and sorrow
that came with the tragedy.
None of these will be seen. The same
strange condition prevails in the
camps of the proponents of the will
and of the prospective contestants.
"William G. Mugan. one of the execu
tors of the will, is as exclu
sive as the others. He remains
in his private office and denies himself
to every caller whose business relates
to the Dolbeer estate. This but adds to
the mystery all seem determined shall
veil the case. They all claim they have
nothing to hide, but they hide that
nothing welL
Happy Gathering at Banquet
Listens to Oratory and
Music — Jewel Presented
Contest on Behalf of the
Decedent's Uncle Is to
Be Filed on August 2
Several Resignations Are
Accepted and Successors
Appointed to Vacancies
Nurses Divorced Man at Lick
House and Declares He Im
posed on Her Innocence
STUDY COUKSE ADOPTED
WILL MEET IN OAKLAND
WANTS UNION ANNULLED
AWAIT DAY OF HEAEING
Sons of St. George Pass
New -Fundamental Laws to
Direct Them in Future
Directors Complete Prepara
tions for Opening of the
Schools on Next Monday
Bla-nche Gore Says She Mar
ried William H. Meyer to
Protect Her Good Name
All Concerned in Dolbeer
Will Case Maintain an
Unexplainable Silence
LODGES ADOPT
CONSTITUTION
BOARD ASSIGNS
MINT TEACHERS
GUILELESS GIRL
FORCED TO WED
CLOTHE ACTION
WITH MYSTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '¦ FRIDAY; -JULY 22, .1904.
NEW SINGER
WILL APPEAR
AT THE TIVOLI
9
American Quartet
Ye Olde English Inn,
144. Mason St. Music by the great Pan-
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE'S ZENITH!
ROSE COGHLAN Sl CO.;
Julian Rose; The Mysterious Zancijr*
and Musical Kleist. La«t Times of lie
Boy and Clayton; Estelle and Babette
D'Arville; Cunningham and Smith and
Barry Seebaek.
Recular matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices^ — 10c. 23c
and 50c.
Commencing NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
The Sensation of Two Continents,
CHARMION
The World's Most Graceful and Daring
Trapeze Perfofmer.
MR. LAST TWO NIGHTS.
limro MATINEE TO-MORROW
JAMES THE COWBOY
"I'll in the un
nkii! rig c£m£y NEXT SUN. MATINEE
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
Special Summer Prices — 15c, 25c, 50c.
Best Reserved Seat in Orchestra, 60c.
I SCJLU IwiBS A i»w
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY,
i DOUBLE BILL— CHARLES FROHMAN
ethelbIrymore
In the Comedy COUSIN" KATE, followed
by- the One-Act Study CABHOT3.
NEXT WEEK— SEATS NOW READT.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
In Madeleine Lucette Ry ley's Success,
j MICE AND ME3.
j .
TIV0LISS5&
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
Promenade Circle 3d Floor, Smokers' Para-
dise. Elevator Always Running.
fl fl ?1 1 iki CiAST s weeks
W% I i f% I fl\l I of the Superb
IliflOSBu Comic Opera
"^^ HOOD
Beauty Chora» | IIVVII
Usual Tivoli Prlcea — 25c, 60c. 75c. '
Beats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. Seattle
' J ; • AT RECREATION PARK, "
Elfthth and Harrison cts.
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
8:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAT.
Advance sale or seats at & Stockton st.
ADVEUTISOIEXTS^
' Miss Hapgood tells how she '
escaped an awful operatioa by
using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" Deab Mrs. Pikkham : — I suffered
for four years with what the doctors
called Salpingitis (inflammation of the
fallopian tubes and ovaritis), which is
a most distressing and painful ailment,
affecting all the surrounding parts,
undermining the constitution, and sap-
ping' the life forces. If you had seen
me a year ajro, before I bejran taking
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and had noticed the
Bunken eyes, sallow complexion, and
general emaciated condition, and com-
pared that person with me as I am to-
day, robust, hearty and well, you
would not wonder that I feel thankful
to you and your wonderful medicine,
which restored me to new life and
health in five months, and saved me
from an awful operation." — Miss Irejte
Hapgood, 1022 Sandwich St Windsor,
Out. — $5000 forfeit If original of above letter
proving ger.uiaeneu cannot be produced.
Ovaritis or inflammation of the
ovaries or fallopian tubes which adjoin
the ovaries may result from sudden
stopping 1 of the monthly flow, from
inflammation of the womb, and many
other causes. The slightest indication
of trouble with the ovaries, indicated
by dull throbbing pain in the side, ac-
companied by heat and shooting pains,
should claim your instant attention.
It will not cure itself, and a hospital
operation, with all its terrors, may
easily result from neglect.
AMUSEMENTS.
,- CALIFORNIA^
f J ALL THIS W1IEX. Tl
|j j I MATINEE TO-MORROW. f
II lflC Special Season of Melodrama If
|! IUU by the ELMER WALTERS If
B = COMTAXY. Presentinc U>e |
|j Phenomenal Success, ri
h 25C A THOROUGHBRED I
| == TRAMP {}
0 rn Sunday— JUST STRCCK K
H flUH TOWN. it
H uuu Commencing; with Sunday Jj
1 ' ' Matinee. fl
H | COMIXQ— FLORENCE R0BERT8. | I]
AT £~* A T A "D Belasco * Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. TVEEK.
MATTNEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Evg.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 50o
WHITE | And ma Alcazar StocK Co. |
WHITTLESEY
In Anthony Hope's Famous Romance.
THE PRISONER OF ZEHDA |
"Beautifully sUsed."— Chronicle.
Monday. July 23— MR. WHITTLESET tn
"RUPERT OF HENTZAU." Sequel to "Th»
Prisoner of ZenJa."
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 533. |
TO-NIGHT — EAGLES* XIGHT.
Matinees To-Morrow and Sunday.
Massive Production of the Great Irish His-
torical Drama.
I ..ROBERT EMMEL"
Herschel Mayall In the Title Role.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
Irish Music. Vocal and Instrumental.
Jigs and Reels by the Champion Gaelic
t>anc«rs of America.
rnlVCO Matinees 10c. Uc^23o
Next— GATES OF JUSTICE*
THE TOBXKS. BBAHSOW AND WXX3TT
And a- Splendid Snow Evary Afternoon
and Evenin* la thm Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATOEE EZ.ECTBIC BAXXBOAS.
Two' Totxnr X^eoparda In the Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
I.o«e Yourself In the Mirror Maze!
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5a
When Phonlns Ask for "The Chute*."
PalarA °0NT -"AIL TO
IdldtC fee the beatttiful
j COURT Lounjing
3 fl fl room, the EMPIRE
U11U PaRLOR. the
_r» j PALM ROOM, the
lir^nd LOUIS XV PAR-
UlUliU LOR, and the LA-
U j. 1^ DIES' WRITING
I Doteis room.
WEEKLY CAXLj f 1.00 ?S3 Y3AV :
MARKS f BROS. Ki
Bargain Sale in
Girls' School Dresses
All Sizes.
This gracefully plain and gracefully
stylish SCOTCH GINGHAM DRESS ts ex-
actly like cut; yoke trimmed In embroid-
ery lnFertlon: ruffle trimmed In braid; ex-
tra full skirt; deep hem.
$1.50 DRESSES 95c.
• Here's a splendid lot of serviceable
GINGHAM DRESSES In never-fade col-
ors; white pique belt; yoke trimmed In
white pique; finished with ruffle trimmed
In embroidery Insertion.
$1.75 SAILOR SUITS $1.20.
An exceedingly pretty lot of CHAMBRAY
BAILOR SUITS, as dainty as they make
them; trimmed In white and novelty braid;
embroidered emblem on shield.
LIKEN CRASH SAILOR SUIT as pict-
ured wears like iron; large sailor collar
trimmed m white braid; rare value at 75c.
MARKS BROS.
THE HOME OF HONEST VALUES.
1 220- 1222- 1 224 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"- » » * -.— ¦^^^^^¦^^->/¦^ J^^^.J^^<%rLYV¦^^¦^^^w^s¦^^^%^^^ -un_t~i- -trij-Lru-u-Lrinj-i_n_n i nji nnnnn.n -
THE RIGHTWAY SHOE CO.
Wants to Know All the Girls
and BOYS, too — that is, the ones that go to school. We will
give FREE FOUNTAIN PEN to every purchaser of a
pair of school shoes.
And to interest the POCKET that has to pay we will make
these sweeping reductions in school shoes.
-*£• { "s^jfJiSjf Those new School Heels, not a spring
heel, but possessing all the quall-
tles and glvlr -£ ™ ore graceful lines
t0 the foot Rnd ankle - And we have
vjK * T5^j!||i them in Bis Girls 1 sizes, too, up to
Boys' Ironclad Satin Calf £ac« Shoei. - ' '' %?L
Sizes 1 to 5» s Sl.iiO ; V#>
Same in sizes 9 to 13 .S 1.O.1 '¦" V' ;?§».
Boys' Keal Box Calf, hard oak soles, >«£>..': .^- *.-• ¦•'SNi^
and warranted not to rip; very neat. vBL : ' V'--"^i^.
Sizes 2 Vi to 5^ Rl.Sfi ra&' - iSk
Same in Youths' sizes, 0 to 2 . .Sl.<»?»
\/@fKg***j|||yi See the neatness of design.
ll^JSSiiiiiillli A neat Heavy Kid Lace Shoe, with a
j^V^^py^X^^ "^"* also have the same styles in box
jmfjBl^&sa^BP calf - sams pkice.
Box Calf, with tip of same; also Vlci
2H to 6. 82.50- Big Girl sizes.
i|||&ag|«£?^^ These goods must be seen to be ap-
Now here is our winner. A real Eng- vlcl »* *»*«* T1 »S •*¦<> Bo *
lish grain leather, all solid as a Calf or Gna Metal Calf.
Shoe can be made, and the best of Sizes 11 to 2 «1 TO
workmanship. This Shoe «is un-
lined. Sizes 13% to 6% SI. SO 2U to 6. $1.05- Bis Girl sizes.
NOTICE
The prices quoted here are Introductory prices and will not continue after
a limited time. And now just a word to the GROWN FOLK: Our new stock
is here. We don't like to boast, BUT, HONESTLY, we HAVE snappy goods.
We'll tell you more about them later on.
SHOl CO )jl
"TEAT STOJUB" IK THE PHEIuSLN BUIUDUIO.
812-814 MARKET STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mink Gape
With Long Stole. -
Aristocratic, elegant— artistic even
to the ornamental silk clasp and
wagging tails.
We've a host of high-art, novel-
ties in neck furs, and it would give,
us sincere pleasure to show you
through the collection. ,
FUR REMODELING A SPECIALTY j
M PaInIess F "lln js 25c I !
m Painless Crowns .$3.50 I i
a Fu I Set of Teeth $4.00 |
i "VANVROOW? |.
H Sixth and Market rJ
[
THE GREAT LAUGHING SUCCESS.
"A Lucky Stone"
By Collln Davis and Frank "Wltmark.
The Biseest Musical Hit in Tears.
' Packed With Novelties and Specialties.
A Cast of Genuine Burlesque Artists.
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BATES.
• RICE and CADT, German Comedians.
BOBBT NORTH. Hebrew Comedian.
EDWIN CLARK. B
BEN DILLON. ~"
GARRITY SISTERS.
Prize Beauty Chorus of Thirty.
Next Attraction— "THE WHIRL OF THE
TOWN."
A Gigantic Spectacular Burlesque.In the ninth Eagan slugged to the
right field fence. Sharp fielding by
McCreedle held him at first. Then
Lynch singled and McLaughlin made
one good for two sacks. Hastings, evi
dently rattled, tossed wild to Drennan,
who was holding down first, and every
body came home.
Graham died gracefully, but Hogan
scored on St. Vrain's liner to Druhot
in center field. Iberg then went into
the box. Doyle singled and Sheehan
made' a two-bagger. Nadeau's - long
throw nailed the latter at the plate
and the run getting ended, but the
Tigers had won.
In the sixth, Campbell at third nearly
lost a finger off his right hand. Steel
man went to fill that station and Shea
played behind the bat. Steelman was
the pivot . of a beautiful double play
soon after taking third, nailing a hard
liner from Graham and shooting the
ball to Castro at second in time to
catch Hogan. The score:
Portland — Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Xadau.lf 4 0 1 0 1 Doyle,2b. 5 12 2 2
McCde.rf 4 0 0 2 0 Shehn,3b 5 0 3 3 4
Drnan,lb 4 0 3 13 2 Nrdyk.lb 3 0 1 12 1
Duhot.cf 4 1 2 1 0 Eagan.s.. 4 112 4
Rymnd.s 2 0 0 11 Lynch.cf 4 13 10
Cmpbl.3b 10 0 2 6 McLJn.lf 3 13 2 0
Shea.c... 2 0 0 1 0*Hogan,rf 3 f 0.1 0
Castro,2b 3 10 4 3 Grahm.o 4 0 0 4 1
Stln.c.Sb 4 0 13 GSt.Vrln.p 4 0 10 2
Hstngs.p 31102
Iberg.p... 0 0 0 0 0 Totals. 35 5 14 27 14
•Thielmn 10 0 0 0
Totals. 32 3 8'27 2ll
•Thielman batted for Iberg in ninth lnnlns.
5 RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 000 1 2 0 0 — 3
Base hits .....0 1 0 11 1 22 0 8
Tacoma 00 0 0 O 0 00 6 — 5
Base hits 1 1 2 2 010 1 6—14
SUMMARY.
Errors— Hogan 2. Graham, Eagan, Hastings,
Raymond. Earned runs — Tacoma 2. Stolen
bases— Hastings, Raymond. Bases on balls —
OK Hastings 1, oft St. Vrain 2. Struck out —
By Hastings 1, by St.. Vrain 1. Two-base hits
— Sheehan. Steelman, Lynch, McLaughlin.
Double plays— Campbell to Castro to Steel
man: Steelman , to Castro. Sacrifice hits — ¦
Raymond, Campbell. . Nordyke, Hogan. Left
on bases — Portland 6, Tacoma f>. , Passed ball
— Shea. First base errors — Portland 1, Ta
coma 2. Time of same — 2 hours and 20 min
utes. Umpires — O'Connell and McDonald.
PORTLAND, Ore., July 21.— Blanked
for eight innings, the Tigers broke
loose In the ninth, made six hits and
the final score appeared 5 to 3 in their
favor. Hastings had given a good ex
hibition in the box for the Browns up
to that time and the lead of three runs
looked like a circle. * ,
Hammer Brownie Pitchers for Five
Runs and Win the Game.
TIGERS AWAKEN' IX XINTH.
There was sadness on the counten
ance of Paul Steindorff last night and
starvation in the features of Ferris
Hartman. Behind the Tivoll^ curtain
rose the pungent aroma of fish— not the
appetizing odor of little fishes fresh
from the brook, but the potent scent
of fish that were overdue for burial a
week ago.
Two boxes labeled "Yosemite trout"
arrived yesterday at the theater. One
was addressed to Hartman, the other
to Steindorff. Each thereupon tele
phoned to his respective better half to
be haughty toward the butchers and
get busy with the limes and mayon
naise.
At 4 p. m. the box of "brook trout"
arrived at the Hartman domicile, 633
Willow avenue. Mrs. Hartman opened
the box. and immediately, afterward
all the doors and windows in the house.
Given a week and a half to muster
scent In, thirty brook trout can cer
tainly make their presence known,
especially when they are assisted by
twenty-five sardines that were old resi
dents of the Mediterranean when Gari
baldi was a kid.
An excited neighbor telephoned the
Coroner's office, saying that some one
in the Hartman home had been dead
for some time. The comedian's wife
sent the package back to the Tivoli.
At the Steindorff home, 915 Eddy
street, another case of mummified
speckled beauties was opened. It was
no Jest there. The flve-Uttle Stelndorffs
were waiting: for their flshies. Like the
four and twenty blackbirds that began
to sing when the pie was opened, the
trout got noisy in another way. They
paralyzed the olfactory nerves of tha
little Stelndorffs and spread their
aroma over a radius of twelve blocks,
the messenger boy took them back to
the Tivoli and hurried to the Board of
Health for chloride of lime or anything
that smelled clean.
As Steindorff and Hartman were about
to depart to feast on brook trout they
smelt a rat — or rather a fish or two.
They did not dine. Yesterday evening
"Robin Hood" was produced with a
starved comedian and a hungry orches
tra leader. They were hot. too. They
had paid $3 In express charges for the
speckled dainties.
After the performance they sent a $27
telegram of thanks to the kind friend*
who shipped the fish from Yosemite.
The telegram was wired "collect." The
wilted trout were consigned to the
garbage crematory.
REFUSES TO PUT FREE
L.UXCHES UNDER THE BAS
Supervisors' Police Committee Denies
Petition to Prohibit an Estab
lished Saloon Custom.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday denied the petition of the
Retail Merchants' Association that an
ordinance be passed prohibiting the
giving away or sale of lunches or eat
ables In saloons. The committee did
not think it in the power of the Su
pervisors to prevent a man from hav
ing a free lunch in his establishment.
The committee recommended that
the sum of S8 be refunded to D. S.
Lewis, which he paid to the pound
keeper for the release of two illegally
impounded cows. Testimony was giv
en that the poundkeeper's deputy had
snatched the rope away from a boy
who was leading the two cows.' Wil
liam Doell had $2 50 refunded, which
he paid to the poundman to release a
dog which was in his possession when
impounded.
Commissioners Divide Precinct.
The Election Commissioners met
last night. The annual report was
filed by Registrar Adams, showing a
surplus of J2 71. Of the money dis
bursed was $ 21,367 for a brick ware
house for storing booths. Edward
Ewald presented a petition requesting
that the Eightieth Primary Precinct
be divided, with the result that a
resolution was adopted dividing th»
precinct, giving: a polling place to th"
Almshouse and one to the voters of
Sunset and Carville. Tenth and If
streets. The matter of the purchase
of the United States Standard voting
machine will be determined Monday
night.
DISCUSS GEARY-STREET BOULEVARD —
Prominent business men and residents of
Geary street and Point Lobos avenue mat la>t
night to consider the project of tmprorir*
Oary street as a, boulevard. l>r T B Dal
xiel Is tormina; a plan for orranlzing an asso
ciation.
Wives Are Told to Expect
a Treat, but Starvation
Keigns in Two Families
Frisk opened up the second ipnins
with a scratchy hit. BlankenshlD
walked and so did Smith, thoueh by
rights he should have been fanned.
Hall and Wilson could do nothinsr. but
Williams leaned up against a high in
curve and lined it out to the flasroole.
clearing the bases and making it three
to one for the Siwashes.
Oakland got one in the first round
on Ganley's hit and steal 'and Schla
fiey's nice drive to center. In the sixth
they landed again, when Streib was
given a life on Delehanty's miscue and
came all the way to the rubber on Me-
Kune's two-cushion drive away out to
center field.
It looked as though Oakland might
have a chance, for the Commuters were
fighting hard and playing the game
well in every department. , But the
eighth inning settled the strife. A base
on balls and a couple of scratchy hits
filled up the bags. Hall's long fly to
deep center brought in a run and Dev
ereaux's error of the throw in advanced
the two base runners on the bacrs.
Parke Wilson swung through to left
field with a timely old single, bringing
in two more and breaking up the game
on the spot. The score:
Oakland — Seattle
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rf 5 0 3 2 0 VnHtn.cf 4 0 0 3 0
Krugr.cf 4 10 2 0 Mohlr.2b 5 0 0 2 *
Dunlvy.lf 4 0 0 3 0 phnty.Sb 5 0 111
8hney.2b 3 0 2 1 l'| Frisk. If.. 3 12 11
Deyrx.rtb 4 0 11 1 BInkp.lb 3 110 0
PtrAb.lb 3 1 1 B 0 Smith. rf. 3 2 0 10
McKne.s 4 0 1 6 3|R.HalI.s. 2 10 13
Byrnes.c. 4 -O O 7 2 Wilson. c 4 1 2 » ' 1
Hopkns.p 2 0 0 0 4 Wilams.p 4 0 10 2
•Young.. 10000
Totals.33 6 7 27 11
Totals. 34 2 8 27 12 1
•Batted for Hopkins in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 » 0 6 0 0 0 3 0 — 6
Base hits 0 2 00 0 1 1 3 0—7
Oakland ......... 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 2 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 1—8
SUMMARY.
Stolen base-^Ganley. Errors— McKune 2.
Devereaux, Streib. Byrnes. Delehanty. Two
base hits — Williams, Ganley, McKune. Dele
hanty. Sacrifice hit — Blankcnship. First base
on errors— Oakland 1. Seattle 3. First base
on called balls— Off Hopkins 5, off Williams 3.
Left on , bases — Oakland S, Seattle 5. Struck
out— By HoDklns 4. by Williams 6. Hit by
pitcher — Krujrer. Double play — Schlafley to
McKune to,, Streib. Time of game— 2 hours.
Umpire — McCarthy.
Oakland played the game in fairly
good style, considering that an ama
teur, McKune, was stationed at short
to stop the torrid ones that came roll
ing on the green. They made a good
uphill fight, too, and all. but tied
up the score. . But when Seattle
landed thrice in the eighth round, the
Commuters quit, for the rally of the
northern hosts took all the fight out of
them. ;-. v :^ ¦_-;.:.:
Mr. Hopkins, southpaw, bowed before
a Recreation Park gathering yesterday
afternoon for the first time in his life.
Mr. Hopkins is the latest importation
by Peter Lohman. He came all the
way from Colorado Springs with the
intention of handing it out to the ball
teams of the Pacific Coast. But his
first attempt was a failure, for the
Siwashes bumped him when bumos
counted most, and they won. Score —
Seattle 6, Oakland 2.
Mr. Hopkins was a sufferer from hard
luck and an umpire's injustice. He
held the sluggers of the north safe ex
cept in two rounds, yet they accumu
lated enough runs in these periods to
carry them through. He was a victim
of the umpire's bad judgment in the
second inning, when he had Smith
struck out. The umpire thought not. so
three runs soon followed.
LOSE THEIR DIKXEB3
(Pacific Ccast League.) ' -, '
W. L. Pet. I W. 1* Pet.
Tacoma 66 43 .606 Oakland ....54 64 .500
Seattle ......59 46 .562 San Fran.... 45 62 .420
Los Angeles. 57 50 .532JPortland 39 64 .37t
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
NEW YORK, July 21.— The charge
of grand larceny which had been en
tered against Robert Fitzsimmons, on
the allegation that he had carried off
a lion cub from one of the Coney
Island animal shows, was dismissed
to-day, the complainant explaining:
that he had learned that Fitzsimmons
had been told he could have the lion,
the offer being made by one of the
managers as a joke. The lion has been
returned to the show.
Prizefighter Is the Victim of a Good
Joke, Says Menaeerie
Man. ;
FITZ GIVES BACK LION*
AND IS NOT PROSECUTED
Batteries — Owen and Sullivan; Griffith and
Kleinow.
NEW YORK. July 21.— The Chicago team
opened the scries here to-day. Owen and Grif
fith were the rival pitchers, but the latter re
ceived poor support, the errors of the home
team being very costly. Attendance. 3300.
Score :
n. it. e.
Chicago S 10 0
New York 3 9 1
Batteries — Jacobson and Kittredge; Mullin
and Buelow. j
PHILADELPHIA. July 21.— The visitors won
as they pleased to-day, knocking Henley out of
the box in four Innings. Attendance, 240O.
Cleveland ..14 16 0
Philadelphia 8 14 5
Batteries — Donahue and Bemls; Henley.
Bruce. Powers and Noonan.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— Washington hit
the ball hard and timely to-day and defeated
Detroit 11 to 5. Only three hits were made off
Jacobson In eight innings. Coughlin's one
handed catch of Crawford's line fly was th«
feature. Attendance, SCO. Score:
Washington ll" 17 4
Detroit 5 7 4
BOSTON. July 21. — St. Louis won from Bos
ton to-day. Battery errors and poor playlrg
¦were responsible for most of the runs. Both
pitchers lacked . control. Attendance 34CO.
Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 8 13 4
Boston 4 s 4
Batteries — Siever and Kahoe; Tannehill and
Doran.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— Philadelphia won the
opening game of the scries here to-day. Sparks
pitched a fine game and kept St Louis down
to four hits. Attendance. 4CeO. Score: ¦
„• -I- R. H. E,
St. Louis 1 4 2
Philadelphia 4 8 1
Batteries — Nichols and Grady; Sparks and
Both. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 21.— The Cincinnati! ana
Bostone split even in a double-header. A wild
throw by Delahanty. together with two hits,
cave the locals a victory over Willis In ths
nrat game. Attendance. 6000. Scores:
First game — R H E
Cincinnati V *£• B 4
Boston '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 15 1
Batteries— Kellum and Schlep WUlla and
Jloran.
Second game — • w HE
Cincinnati 2 in" 2
Boston I!!.".'.!!".;;*.*. 4 9 1
Batteries— Hahn and Peitz; Fisher and Need.
ham. Umpires — Moran and Carpenter
* r « H ,l C f G ?- July 21 — Chicago gave the lead
ers to-day s game by stupid baaerunnlnj,
thre« of the locals belns caught when !t seemed
tnat they had almoat a certainty of scoring
McGinnlty was poundfd hard and gave way to
Matthewson in the siith. Attendance. 1100
Score: .,*.?'
•-••••••••?•••. # ... # ., i ..., 3 12 1
New York 4 5 1
Batteries— Welmer and Kllng; McGinnlty
Matthewson and Bowennan. Umpires O'Daj
and Emallp
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
(National League.) i (American Lcagu*.)
¦ ' W. L. Pct.| W. L. Pet.
New York... 57 22 .722 Boston 51 27 .654
lca K° 48 29 .623 New York...4« 31 .597
Cincinnati ..48 32 .S9O Chicago 48 33 .693
Plttsburg ...42 32 .368 Phlladelphla..42 34 .532
St. Louis.... 40 36 .52tf Cleveland ...41 33 .652
5 0St ?n 29 51 .363 St. Louis. ...32 41 .438
Brooklyn ....30 53 .361 Detroit 32 44 .421
Philadelphia.. 19 56 .253 Washington. .15 60 .200
Chicago Docs a Lot of Dummy Work
on the Bases and >~ew York
Xoses Ahead.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CIXCIXNATI BREAKS EVEN'
WITH THE BOSTON TOSSERS
Stolen bases— Hildebrand, Flood. Errors—
Brashear 2, Flood, Irwln. Knell 2. Toman 2.
Two-base hit— Smith. Sacrifice hlt»—Bra
snear. Irwta. First base on errors^ — 1am An
geles 1, San Francisco 3. Left on bases— Los
Angeles 6. San Francisco 7. Bases en balls —
Oft Gray 4, off Knell 1. Struck out— By Knell
I, by Gray l. Double plays— Toman to Bra
shear; Smith to Flood "to Brashear; Flood to
Brash«ar; .Brashear to Gray to Braahear.
Passed balls — Gorton 3. Time of {tm« — Two
hours. Umpire — Brown.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Baee hits 2 1 1 0 3 0 1 .0 1—0
San Francisco ....0 0 OO 1 1 0 1 O— 3
Base hlli i o 0 1 1 1 0 2 O— 8
Lo» Anceles— San Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman.* 4 0 2X1 Wldrn.cf 4 0 1 2 2
Flood,2b 4 0 14 6 HUbrd.lf 4 1 2 2 0
Bmlth,3b 4 0 2 0 3 Meny. rf 3 1 0 1 0
Bernd.cf 4 0 0 B 1 Irwin.Sb 3 0 0 13
Crvth.rf. 4 0 10 0 Tnsnd.lb 4 0 2 11 1
Brahr.lb 8 0 0 13 0 MUler.2b 3 1 1 J °
Roea.If.. 4 0 10 0 Andran.s 3 0 0 ft *
Spie«,c. 3 0 15 1 Oortoa.c 3 0 O 2 1
Gray.p. .80106 Knell.p. 4 0 0 2
Totals.33 0 9 27 17 TotaU.31 3 6 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
appeared to themajoriry of the spec
tators that he had been touched out
several feet from the base. Score:
Comedian and Leader at the
Tivoli Receive Boxes of
Decayed Yosemite Fish
Hopkins Is Assailed for Three Runs in Second Inning and
Another Bombardment Takes Place During the Eighth.
Oakland Plays Good Uphill Game Till Last Rally Occurs
BROOK TROUT
ARE ODOROUS
SIWASHES HIT LOHMAN'S NEW
PITCHER AT RIGHT MOMENT
The church gets no grip when it tries
to graft. .
The saloon of Noone . & , Kerr, Fifth
and 1 Folsom streets,, was visited, by
burglars at an early hour yesterday
morning. Two locks were broken "off
a side -door and an entrance effected.
The till was forced open 'and ; its con
tents, amounting to 35: cents, stolen.
Nothing else was disturbed. , The po
lice were notified. ¦
Saloon Visited by Burglars.
During a temporary absence of Dr.
I*, L. Sherrod to the World's Fair and
to the branch office in St. Louis of, tha
Health Appliance Co. of 6 O'Farrell
street. Dr. Vreeland, , a celebrated - spe
cialist from Los Angeles, will be physi
cian in charge. « •
Notice to aien.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday recommended the granting
of amateur boxing permits to the Lin
coln i Athletic ] Club for August 5 . and
to the Bay City Club for August 12.
Amateur Boxing , Permits.
Jack Munroe, the big Butte miner,
will arrive in this city this evening ac
companied by* his trainer, Tim Mc-
Grath. The miner will probably, start
work at the Beach Tavern right, away
in order to be- In the best condition for
his coming fight with Jeffries. .
? v ¦ - , . * - - ' *
Munroe Due To-Day.
Commodore Jenkins of Los Angeles
Will Investigate Rules to Govern
Contest.
SAN DIEGO, July 21. - Commodore
J. J. Jenkins of the South Coast Yacht
Club of Los Angeles, and San Pedro
will arrive here this evening for the
purpose of making investigation into
the conditions governing the Lipton
challenge cup races. The rules, govern
ing these races have been changed re
cently from the rules of the Great
Lakes, under which none of the yachts
of the Pacific Coast were built, to the
Seawanhaka, rules under which* thev
were all built and have raced. The
races are to be held on the 23d 24th
and 25th of. August, and the present
disposition is to make them a success
throughout.
The South Coast Club will send in
all about three yachts, the Mischief
Venus and Jlarie to enter the race as
challenger, and there will be three
others to attend i the races and possi
bly to enter. The three others are
Katrinu, Osborne and Portola. The
visiting yachtsmen took a look at the
San Diego yacht 1 Detroit, and they de
clare that there was nothing in her to
make any one of their boats stay out
of the race. Commodore Jenkins de
clared that the members -of the South
Coast Club were true yachtsmen, and
could look certain defeat in the face
with almost as much satisfaction a.i
though it were certain victory if a
good race were going to be sailed.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Dr. William
H. Murphy, Yale's baseball head coach
for the last two years, has accepted an
offer to become baseball and football
coach at the United States Naval
Academy for the "coming year. He will
report for duty^ September 10.
Murphy Leaves Yale.
Results at Seattle.
SEATTLE, July 21.— Results:
Firet race, five furlongs — Eldred won, Kara
bel second, Wilna third. Time, 1:01.
Second race, four furlongs — Rublna won,
Steelwire second, - Melar third. Time, :49. -
Third race, six furlongs — Tom Hawk won,
Charley Schweitzer second. Resigned third.
Time, 1:14%.,
Fourth race, one and a half miles— Mordente
won. Ulm second, Prestoleus third. Time
2:25a;.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Prlestllke I won.
Step Around second, Agnes Mack third. Time.
1:01. ••
Sixth race, one mile — Pastmaster won,- Pat
Morrissey second. Canejo third. Time, 1:41.
YACHTSMEN MAKING READY
FOR THE LIPTON CUP RACES
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
Ficrt Rare — Virgo, Workman,"Tom
my Waddcll.
Second Race — Robin Hood, Shrine,
Ascension.
Third Race — Graceful, Robin Hood,
Marniee.
Fourth Race — Possession, Clover
land, Bad Xews.
Fifth Race — Hydrangea, Clover
land. Homestead.
Sixth Race — Gotowin, Flinders,
Nightmare.
First race— Freeslas, Dod Anderson.
My Gem.
Second race — Weird, Poorlands,
King: Galon?.
Third race — Irene Lindsey, Big Ben
Skilful.
Fourth race— Ananias, Emperor of
India, Apple.
Fifth race — Jerry Lynch. Sweetie,
Freckman.
Sixth race — Handzarra, Flaxman,
John.SmuIski.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, July 21.— John J.
Ryan is going to quit the turf. He
has announced a disposal sale of his
entire stable at Brighton on July 28
and this will mark the passing of one
more Western plunger turfman. His
turf doings in the East and West have
kept the racing public supplied with
more or less unpleasant gossip for the
last year or two. Ryan's horse Mon
ster won the July stakes at Brighton
to-day., It was not an important
stake, as such things go in these days
of tremendous value, but it was im
portant to Ryan from a speculative
point of view.
Monster was heavily backed at. 6
to 1 and this may be about the last
of many a big betting coup success
fully put through by this remarkable
plunger. The retirement of * Ryan is
ostensibly for rest and to enable him
to take his family abroad for some
years.
Famous Plunger a'nd Horse Owner
Announces That He Will Sell
His Entire Stable. -;-- : V; ¦/;
JOHN J. RYAN WILL QUIT
THE TURF AND GO ABROAD
John Crowe, the amateur bantam
champion, will defend his title against
Harry McLoud, a boxer of the Terry
McGovern order. MikeSynfy, sixteen
times a winner, is pitted against Joe
Podesta and a great fight will surely
result." Harry Chester will find a clever
man in big George Curry, wfiom he Is
matched to box. George Henry and
Joe Kelly have been matched in place
of Bob Cairns and Joe Larkin. Alex
Greggains will referee all the contests.
A great night's sport is promised
when the amateurs whom Alex Greg
gains has matched clash to-night at
"Woodward's Pavilion. The lads "are all
trained to the hour and ready to put up
some good goes. Dick Hyland and Jack
McDonald will meet at 130 pounds. and
this go is expected to prove one of the
fastest seen in the amateur arena for
many moons, as each boy is a rough
fighter.
Fast Goes Are Expected When Clever
Lads Exchange Punches at
Woodward's Pavilion.
AMATEUR BOXERS READY
FOR TO-NIGHT'S CONTESTS
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
First Race — Blumcnthul, Anyway,
Bountiful.
Second Race — Luckr Charm, Auro
ceiver, Fruit. [.^
TliirtI Race — Jiinalong, Dave Som
mers, Harfnnjj.
Fourth Race — Orient, Pretension,
Imboden.
Fifth Race— Princess Orna, Gay
Adelaide, Milt Young.;
Sixth Race — Blissful, J. P. Mayber
ry, Frank Collins.
CHICAGO, July 21.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Haw
thorne:
vr? 1 ™ 1 "^- tI X . fu . ri ? w ' maidens, selling—
Mv A^U 7n» K n<^ On 101> - N *nnan 102.
Mjr Alice 102. Arab 104. Charlie Miller 104
Lblqu- 107. Envlrfclht ] 0 7. Shower 107 Clrcu
issasstesasKfe Mmer US
TnftS 8 * 1 * 1SS -, We ' rd , 14 "' Poortand, .166. '
105 Th. ™'c ?„ ,. fu ?°nirs— Pflneess Tulane
105. The Crisis 105, Irene Lindsey 107 Big
Ben 107 David Harum 109. Americano 1 0
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles selling
— ljunsanpon 9«, Freckman »S Rve Vale ns
110" Plnkert0D 1C3 - Flcetwood 103. Flaxmaa
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
BRIGHTON" REACT! SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK. July 21.— Following
aro the entries for to-morrow at
Brighton Beach:
First race, six furlongs— Escutcheon 110,
Workman 107. Tommy Waddell 103, Brush Up
104. Virgo 1C3. In the Dark 102. Perry Mc-
A«ow KC. Gray Lad 102. Fra Filllpo 100, Rod
ciii'k Dhu 09, Oonfe.«*or U~ Rubric 97.
Second race, six furlcngy.' handicap — Reliable
142. Gay Boy l:;O. i;t Tu Brute 115. Ingold 115,
•isopnsinn 117. Lady Uncas 113. Shrine 111.
Ptalxrart 109. Right and True 109. Robin Hood
100. <1oti»n 105. Ancestor 107. Collector Jeasup
lift. Britisher 100. Juvenal Maxim 98.
Third race, one and a fixteenth miles —
Graceful I1L Flexlcn 111. Go Between 10«,
Garnish 10«5. Dinah Sha/i I0«. Ancestor 106,
Palm Reader 106. Flammula 106, Tomcod 106
Robin Hoo4 103. Wizard 103, Marmee 101 Can
teen 101. Hydrangea 1M.
Fourth rar*. one mile and a furlong handi
cap—Hurst Park 323. Bad Neva 108, Cloverland
200. Bripand t>6. Lady Potentate 85 Sonoma
I>lle i»4. Keynote !»<». Possession 00.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Clo
vcrland jn*., MaMerman jO«5. Passbook 10:;. Nine
Fpot 9». HomwtMd '.<9. Wizard 99. Garnish »9,
Nauphty I^ady SS. Dauphin OS. Neither One 9<?
Seymour 95. Oonkling 94. Bob Murphy 89 In
«jui*itiv» Girl M. Hydrangea 84. Baikal 08.
Slsth rare, five and a half furlongs— Sinapls
1«7. Hslmira 307, Gotowin 107. Nightmare 107
FliruW* 107. Lucy Young 107. Tyrolean 107'
MradoTihorn 107. High Life 10*. Grand Duchess
¦J«I7. IfmaUlan 107. Little Buttercup 107 Good
?cr aoOOtm 107. Katie Can*r?y 107 Sweet Lil
lian 107. '--.¦-¦;; - '
Weather clear; track fast.
Class stake, forty-eight entries — Butte City
vs. Pomona: Fiddler vs. Remisso Animo;
Bright Fortune vs. Golden Feather; Miss Flor
ence vs. Famora; Queen's Motto vs. John C.
Heenan; Donnybrook vs. Dear Gascon: Don
Pedro vs. Van Alba: Mark Twain vs. Tralee
Lass.; Young Klamath vs. Golden Garter: To
basco Bob vs. Queen of Isles; May Tuntson
vs. Golden Fortune: Liberator vs. Oralna;
Smller vs. Pure Pearl; Fenii vs. Magic. Stuff;
L L C vs. Wedgewood; Full Moon vs. Pasha
Pleasant; Annie Ryan vs. Merry Go Round;
Gilmore vs Young Johnnie Rex; Marguerite
vs. General Fremont; Carlow Boy vs. Modest
Beauty; Glaucus vs. Old Ironsides; Ruby San
key vs. Reckless Acrobat: Regal Attire vs.
Daisy D; Ready Address vs. Lost Chord. ¦
Reserve stake, sixty- four entries— Star Syl
vanus \s. Frank Dunn; Bright Columbia vs.
Modesto Boy; Free Erin vs. Topsy Turvy;
Royal Spirit vs. Secretive; Amorina va. Tom
Hurlick: Fannie Hughie vs. Trotting Bob;
Tellowtall * vs. Uucy Glitters: Sunnybrook vs.
Colored Lady: Gunfire vs. Forest Fire; Gold
Lily vs. lUr Boy; Sunny South vs. Vina; Rcy
Dare vs. Reckless Rose; Bacchus vs. Pepper
Jack; Nellie Wise vs. Lucky Shamrock; Maid
of Glen vs. Golden Light; Articulate vs. Chile
Mara: Willie Hoy va. Dartaway; Peter Mcln
tyre vs. Belfast: Rich Array va. Rolling Boer;
Real Pasha vs. St. l.ouis Boy: Adonis vs.
Son of Erin; Big Klamath vs. vKquator; Im
perious vg. Roy Hughie; Craig Lad vs. Jerry
Wright; Piccadilly vs. Irma Hotfoot; Our Myra
vs. Young Kerry Pippin: Little Klamath vs.
Jack Short; Frrtter vs. Frisky Boy; Haughty
Helen vs. Runaway Actress: Shotgun vs. Com
mercial Traveler; Haddlngton vs. Miss Brum
mel. Emin Bey vs. Sir Thomas.
A class and reserve stake will be
run at Ingleside Coursing Park this
week. The match race between J.
Manning's Doreen and W. Cramer's
Lily Wright will take place on Sun
day. Coursing will commence at 11
o'clock on Saturday and 10:30 on Sun
day. Following is the result of last
night's draw:
This Attraction and Two Good Stakes
Will Keep the Leashmen Busy
Figuring Winners.
LILY WRIGHT AND DOREEX
TO MEET AT INGLESIDE
Yesterday was a scorcher at Battling
Nelson's quarters at Larkspur. The
boys of the camp, led by Captain Metz
ner, went on an exploring expedition
in the morning to Baltimore Canyon.
Metzner claimed the canyoi was alive
with deer, but the boys said they were
from Missouri. The afternoon was de
voted principally to boxing and Nelson
made life miserable for Frank New-,
house and Frank Raphael.
Jack Cordell joined the camp to-day,
but refused to don the mitts on ac
count of the heat. Jack watched Bat
tling box with Frank Newhouse and
said he looks good to him.
Many people visit the camp every
day and all express surprise at the
speed displayed by Nelson. Trainer
Murphy thinks the odds on the coming
bout will be about 10 to 8, i ith Bat
tling on the short end.
• Trainer Frank McDon: d believes
that variety in exercising Is the spice
of training, and with a view to carry
ing out his belief he had his charge,
Eddie Hanlon, go through his gymna
sium stunts yesterday in a way some
what different from that pursued here
tofore. Instead of punching the bag for
six rounds consecutively, Eddie swat
ted it for two rounds, then donned the
mitts for two rounds with Toby Irwin,
after which he manipulated the wrist
machine. for six minutes and then took
Fred Landers for two more rounds of
boxing. • Six minutes' shadow sparring
and two additional rounds of boxing
with Irwln and Hanlon's work for the
afternoon was complete.
In the morning Eddie traveled the
road for six miles with Irwin and Ted
Wolfe and after returning to his quar
ters was rubbed down. Hanlon evinced
a desire to walk and run more than the
scheduled six miles fixed for him by
Trainer McDonald and for this he was
taken to task by his watchful handler.
"Thus far shalt thou go and no far
ther," said McDonald to Eddie, and the
latter replied that he wouldn't do it
again. Hanlon is like an unbroken colt
in his training and McDonald is kept
busier telling him what not to do than
he is in coaching him what to do. Few
fighters are always as ready for hard
work as is Hanlon and that is why his
trainer has to watch him so clocely to
prevent the little boxer doing too
much.
In Spite of the Temperature
Nelson Dons the Gloves
and 3Iauls His Trainers
HOT DAY AT, LARKSPUR
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three- year-old*
«';i up: Qunse:
Wetting. Horse, Weight. Joe-key. St. *i Fin.
lfi to 5 — Darpie Gold. 107 (Burns) 1 2 1 1 h
7 to 2— Buckleya. 110 (Martin).. 5 5 1 2 3^
!> to l->Fa*le. 102 (Travers) 3 In 31
Time. 1:14. Start poor. Won driving. Wlnne&
H. K. Vimrufs b. g. by Golden Garter-Mottle.
Rawhide. Prince CLing. Rrmittal. The Captain,
Pat Costigan. Pantoia. Sir Shep, Nis-kayuna,
Bob W^kcfleli Magot. St. Barnsby, Dr. Ioder.
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; two
yrar-oMs:
letting. Horse. Weiirht. Jockey. St. *« Fin.
Rio 5 — Humo 114 (Burns) 3 112 13
2 to 1— St. Bellane. 118 (Redfern) 6 5 % 2 3X4
SO to I — Jerry C. 100 (Cramer) 7 6 1 3Hj
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
'.'Inner. C T. Patterson's b. c ty Eddie Jcnes-
Humidlty. Tonscnler, Gold Ten, Caper Sauce,
l'hoebus, finished as named. \
FOtTRTlI RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
the July Scllins Stakes; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Monster, 86 (Hennessey). 5 2 lVJl 1
7 to 1'— Bobadil. 90 (Sperling) 7 6h 23
13 to 5— Sheriff Bell. 107 (Burns). 6 6 « "3 6
Timr. 1 :46. Start poor. Won driving. Winner.
J. J. Ryan's b. g. by Plaudit^B and 9. Jack
Ratlin, Oold Dome. Champlain, Duke of Ken
dal. finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-old* and up: purse:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jorkey. St. \ Fin.
1 to 4 — Grand Onera, 115 (Burns) 1111 2>4
JUtol— Sais. 107 (Redfern) 2 4« 2 \
2) to 1— Penuur. 107 (Kelly) 3 3»£3 2>i
Time. 1:46 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Wirner. E. E. Smathers' blk. h. by "Wagner-
Botnie Bird. Atwood, Dr. Chapia, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— About two milei; four
>far-olds and up; steeplechase; selling:
Jetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
Even— Black Death, 146 (Holran) 2 16 11
V to 1 — Cock Robin 15.5 (O'Brien* 8 3 4 2 10
3« t<»l— Royelle. 153 (Veltch) 4 7 2 3 6
Time, 4:32. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Golfs b. c. by Sydaey-Linnett II.
Walter Cleary, Woden, Herion. East Kelston,
Confederate Gray, finished as named.
"¦Tommy" Burns rode four winners.
He is particularly good at the Brighton
Beach course, where he loses no ground
<.n the turns. His victories to-day
were en Tramotor in the first. Grand
Opera in the third. Humo in the fifth
and Dapple Gold in the sixth.
Only by a few inches was the last
race won and the victory was particu
larly timely to the stable. Buckleya
ivas beaten by a very small margin.
Because Rawhide had run second to
Albula at FoTt Erie, he was installed
:-. favorite, but steadily receded. After
Burns' mount had returned to the
ttand an ovation was tendered the
Jockey, whose pretty wife awaited him
in her pony cart. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Sir furlongs; two-year-olds;
?•Hinff:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *. Fin.
*> to 2 — Tramotor 100 (Burns)... 1 12 11
IS to 1— Consuello 11.101 (DeSusa) 7 7 h 2 1
7 to 5— Voladay. 112 (Redfern).. S 9h 3d
Time, 1 :14 2-5. Start fair. Won ea«ilr.
Winner, Mrs. J. Blutes* b. g. by Indio-Trolley.
Highborn, Suzanne, Rocamora, Petit Due,
Blue Coat. Knicht of Weston. Gowanus, Pri
crity. Esterre. finished as canaed.
BRIGHTON BEACH.. N. T., July 2L
Without doubt, the California colt,
Humo. winner of the fifth race, is des
tined to play an important part on the
line in races where he is asked to run
over a distance of ground. Early pace
making is not his forte, especially In a
large field. He was up with his pelt
to-day at the half distance, with Burns,
his Jockey, -punching" him to keep
him up with the others. The question
i hen was as to getting through on the
stretch turn and this was attended to
by Wonderly on Caper Sauce, who car
ried out Gold Ten and Tongorder, the
latter losing much ground. This let
Humo and St. Bellane through in a
flash.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THIRD RACB-Plve and a half furlongs;
Juvenile stakes:
Betting. Honw, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Cigar Lighter,103(Knapp) 2 8 1 11
6 to 1 — Michael Byrnes, 101 (Lyn) U 6 2 U
40tol — Cutter, 95 (Livingston)., 3 4 2 3 1
Time, 1 :08 2-5. Start pood. Won handilv.
Winner, hi. D. Miller # 8 blk. c. by Lamplighter-
The Empress. Lady Ellison 95, The Pet 100
finished as named; Airship 100. fell.
FOURTH RACE— One and an elehth miles,
three-year-olds and upward: handicap
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey St. K Fin
13 to 10— Port Royal. 114 (Prior). 1 12 1U
9 to 2— Foncasta. 95 (Knapp)... 5 B 2h
13 to 6— Huzzah. 99 (Mclntyre).. 3 31 3h
Time. 1:54 1-5. Start iw>d. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Wernberg's b. k. (5) by Klng
rton-Maunne. Judge Hlmes 107, Edward
Hale 90. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mlfes;
three-year-olds and up; selling-
Betting. Honra. Weight. Jockey St « Fin
13 to 10— Leila. $9 (Greenfield).'. - 4 3 3 1 "ii
•to I — Celebration, 104 «Felct) 3 1 h 2 1
8 *° 1— Exclarnation.08 (Livstn) 7 6 1 3 h
Time. 1:47 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
?¦££!£• ?' .?¦ Smit . h#8 ch - f - < 3) *>y Knight of
Ellerslie-Fatima. Atlantico 102, Black Wolf
91. Orfeo 104. Horton 104. Xitrate 111, finished
as named.
thf£?T£ R^ CE ~? ne and a s '*teenth miles;
thr«»e-.vear-ol<i» and upward; sellin*
Betting. Hoiw. Weight. Jockey St «; Fin
5 to 2— Potrero Grande. 94 (Knn) « niu
Trrn? w VL 5 - £tart Bood - Won
winner, P. Dunne's ch. e. (3) by Golden
Garter-Tourmaline. Jack Doyle 101 Fair
S n- E U; eI ,, Abbott 89 - Wn«o 1W. jtm
Sniped 22' nS&r °" Ver 106 '
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 4— Dalvoy. 112 (Oliphajit). . 5 4 1 12
10 to 1— MaJ.T.J.Carson,112 (Hel) 3 3 12 3
50 to 1— Dell Leath. 101 (Nicol).. 6/lh 3 2
Time. 1:28 3-5. Start good. Won easily,
w-nner, M. II. Tlchenor & Co.'s ch. c. by The
Commoner - Levlssa. Voila 107. Peter J
Somers 117. Myron Dale 109, finished as
nanwd.
CHICAGO. July 21.— M. D. Miller's
Lamplighter colt Cigar Lighter, ridden
by? "Big Bill" Knapp and the second
choice In the betting at 8 to 5, backed
from 9 to 5, won the Juvenile stake, the
feature event at Hawthorne to-day.
He had a length to spare over Michael
Byrnes, at 13 to 2, with Cutter at 40 to
1. the same distance back in third po
sition.
Pat Dunne's Airship, favorite at 3 to
2, backed from 9 to 5, with Lawrence
up. fell turning into the stretch when
in next to last place and the jockey
was painfully but not seriously injured.
The stake 'had a gross value of $3010.
of which 52450 went to the winner.
The Pet, 12 to 1, led her field to the
turn for home, closely pressed by Lady
Ellison and Cigar Lighter. When lined
for the wire the first two dropped out
of it entirely and Cigar Lighter took
command and coming on won handily.
Four favorites captured first money.
Port Royal, favorite at 13 to 10. won
the mile and an eighth handicap, which
was the fourth on the card. He le$ all
the way. Turning into the stretch, he
swung wide, carrying out the whole
field except Foncasta.
The latter came through on the rail
and beat Huzzah a nose for place. Port
Royal finished on the extreme outside.
All the others finished on the inside.
Hoffler and Mclntyre, who rode Judge
Himes and Huzzah respectively,
claimed a foul, which was not allowed.
The track was fast, weather clear and
not and attendance about as usual.
Summary:
old^^nd RACD ~~° M mlIe -" wlUnsr: four-y«ar-
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % FJn.
„? Jo 1— Royalty. 100 (Sherwood). 4 3 H 1 4
_.) to 1— Olympian. 108 (LarsenK. 6 4 h 2 1
-J; 0 1 ~ Haviland. 105 (Helgesen) 5 6 2 3
Time. 1:42. Start poor. Won easily. Wln
». er '. H .- Gr * en 's •>. s. (5) Cavalier-Empress of
Norfolk. Ethel Wheat 98, Dr. Stephens 112.
Byra 106, Firing Line 103. Jim Hale 105
Rabunta 105. John McGurk 101. finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California Youngster, Huino,
Makes a Good Showing
at Brighton Beach.
ST. LOUIS, July 21.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Trogon 107,
Bountiful 107. Turrando 105, Blumenthal 105,
Roommate 105, Tom Mankins 102. Madoc 102,
Tcm Howe 102. Mingore 100, Easter Walters
UK). Arthur 100, Bandillo J)7. Anyway y5,
Oria 95.
Second race, five furlongs — Tim Hurst 108.
Anlmcs JOS. Lucky Charm 1OS. A. Muskoday
108, Abelard 10S. Frutt 105. Aurocelver 105.
Walter Candy 103, Glencrcith 1OT, Colonel
Preston Ktt, Sweet Swaar 100. Trlxle White
100, The Cook 100. Opinion 100.
Third race, six furlong*, selling— Pierce J
110, Irby Bennett 10S, Wounded Knee 10S,
Conundrum 107. Dave Somroera 107, Happy
Chappy 105. Lord Quex 105. Senator Sullivan
102, Dallas 102. Jimalnng 102. Mai Lowery
08, Sol Smith 94, Harfang 94, W. P. Pal
mer 91.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling — Ada X 103, Imboden 92. Boaster 103.
Pretension 01. Oripnt 0.1.
Fifth race, five and a half furlonjrs, selling —
Eduardo 10r>, Milton Young 103, Dromio 10.1,
Gay Adelaide 102, A Lady 100. Princess Orna
100. Garrett Wilson 100, Franco OS.
Sixth rare, *tx furlongs, selling — Two Lick
107. Bensonhurst 100. Evening Star 106, Sid
Silver 10.". Dolly Gray 103, Laura Hunter 103,
Tally H 102. Krema 10O. Frank Collins 100.
Blissful 98. J. P. Mayberry 98, J. W. O'Xell
1)1. Mordella 89. Miss Manners 103.
Weather clear: track heavy.
FAIR GROUNDS ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. }i Fin.
5 to 1— Pourquol Pas. 99 (Davis). 2 1 3 1 lft
5 to 1— Miss Betty, S3 (Emblen).. 4 21 2 1
5 to 1— King's Charm, 90 (Lindsey) 8 3 2 3 6
Time, 1:4034. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. K. Hughes' b. m. (4) by Iroquois-Ella
Blackburn. Larry Wilt 107. Misanthrope S»i,
Amlnte 101. Ascot 89. Mohave 91, Varna Fonso
104, Cora Weed 86, Flora Bright 100. John II
103. Birdwood 104, finished as named.
Time, i:44 1 4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Oots Bros.' ch. h. (4) b" First Mate-Minola
Mason. Charlie Thompson 104, Ancke 102, fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Red Leaf, 115 (Dale) 3 12 1 l\i
8 to 5 — Darthula. 100 (Rice) 5 2 4 2 8
18 to 5— Zinda. 115 (Austin) 4 3 7 3 7
Time. 1:03*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. Strauss & Co.'s ch. f. (2) by Her
mence-Readina. Picture Hat 100, Ollie Bur
nett 100, Amelina 100, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up: x
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Jack Young. 105 (Sedar). 4 3n In
15 to 1— Boaster. 100 (Booker) 3 45 2 1
10 to 1 — Falkland. 93 (Hennessey) 7 2 h 3 ns
Time. 1 :58. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. G. C. Baker's br. h. (4) by LampllRhter-
Johnetta. Taby Tosa 106, Old Stone 97, Flying
Torpedo 108, Nonesuch 95. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; four-year-olds and
up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2 — First Mason. 114 (Watson) 5 1 % 1 2
9 to 2 — Bas d'Or. 102 (Lindsey).. 3 3 Vt 2 ns
9 to 1 — M|ss 11. Day. 107 (Wilson) 1 2 13 8
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; four-year
olds snd up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to I— Tlckful, 104 (Sidar) S 2*4 In
5 to 1— One More 104 (Cotoll)... 3 5 3 2n
16 to 1— G. Two Shoes.lOS (Lndsy)ll 4 h 3 1
Time, 1:1S J 4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L. G. Tate & Co.'s ch. g. (6) by
Ecuador-Sewing Girl. First One 102, Flora
Levy 100. Lady Idris 102 Hazel H 102. Sarner
109. Suave 102, Potente' 104. Lady Contrary
107, Jerry Hunt 107, finished aa named.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 21.— Jack Young
ran one of his good races to-day.' de
feating Boaster 'by a head in the last
Jump of the Fair Grounds feature.
Young was at ten to one in the bettinsr
and defeated a good field. The favor
ites had a bad day. First Mason was
the only choice to win. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a j hair furlongs;
two-year-olda :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1— My Eleanor. 105 (Wilson) 2 1 % 1 n
20 to 1— Webberflelds, 103 (Dart). 7 2321
15 to 1— Hersaln, 100 (Davis) 8 4^3 114
Time, 1:12>,4. Start good. Won driving.,
Winner. K. A. Chlnn & Co.'s br. f. (2) by St.
George-Lynnette. Beknighted 103, Fred Prles
meyer 95, Franco 103, Little Harry 100. Pique,
105. Inflamable 100. Laurel L 9S. .Llddon 108,
Garrett WllBon ICO, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jack Young Enjoys One of
His Good Days at Fair
Grounds.
Airship, the Favorite, Falls
While Turning Into the
Home Stretch.
Varies His Work in the Gym
by Shifting Prom One Kind
of Exercise to Another
HANLON ADOPTS
A NEW SYSTEM
COLT CIGAR LIGHTER LEADS MICHAEL
BYRNES A LENGTH IN JUVENILE STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO * CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 22, ;' 1 904.
TACOMA AND SEATTLE ADVANCE A FEW POINTS IN THE PENNANT RACE
LOS ANGELES, July 21.— To-day's
game was quite the reverse of yester
day's as far as the playing of the lo
cals. was concerned." They were dis
gracefully beaten, notwithstanding
nine hits, three of which came in one
inning. Poor base running was partly
responsible for their shut-out There
were. some startling, double plays t and
a. prolonged howl from the crowd
against, Umpire Brown 'in' calling Hil
de brand safe on second base when it
Land on Knell for Nine Hits, but Arc
Blanked.
ANGELS SLOW OX BAGS.
10
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, abovej>owell.
SUITS TO ORDER.
We do not ask you for security.
Your word is good with us.
$1.00 Per Week
Will keep you well dressed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Healthiulness I
i - Some brands of Beer look good and y
I taste good, but unless they are absolutely jj
I pure, biliousness is the result |
/ Beer is brewed in the most scrupulous clean- /
I Iiness, carefully aged, filtered, sterilized and I
I bottled at the brewery where it is made. 1
I . This is why it is absolutely pure and I
i perfectly healthful. It is the " Kins of all I
ft Bottled Beers." I
I The American Brewing Co., St Louis. U. S. A. I
i HILBERT MERCANTILE CO. UTO ARRIVE^'
Steamer. j ~ From. ~ Due.
Aztec I Panama July 2°
Centennial....! Seattle & Tacoma July 1""
Alliance I Portland & Way Ports. July °2
Corona Humboldt July 22
O. Dollar Port Harford July 2^
J. H. Higgins. San Pedro ; July •">
Argo Kel River Ports July °3
Bonita .'Newport & Way Ports. July 23
Columbia i Portland & Astoria.... July S3
North Fork. ..I HumboldfiJ. j u jy •>!
Rainier .Seattle & Belllngham.. July 24
Arctic Humboldt July "I
Nevadan (Honolulu & Kahului. . . July 25
Eureka Humboldt July "»5
City Puebla...' Puget Sound Ports July 2»
Pomona j Humboldt July «>5
Totmes I Seattle j u i y "5
State of Cal.., San Diego & Way Pts. July W
Breakwater. ..' Coos Bay j u i y 23
Redondo | Portland & Astoria July 25
1 "hina- • China * Japan July 25
b. Monica Grays Horbor July 26
£°mo. Point Arena & Albion. July 2e
CocsBay Ean Pedro & Way Pts. July 27
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. July 27
¦Aurelia Portland & .Astoria. ... July 27
Curacao Mexican Ports July 2S
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena July 29
feanta Rosa... Kan Diego & Way Pts.lJuly 2«
A . r * a . ta i;\ Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 28
?.' Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Juiy 2S
Lmatllla Puget Sound Ports Julv 30
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma July 30
Mariposa..... Tahiti Aug 1
Oregonian.... New York via Coron'ei! Aug 1
Alameda Honolulu Aug! 2
, TO SAIL. ~~
Steamer. Destination! | Sails. | Pier.
July 12. I
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 3 pm Pier "0
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor 12 m Pier ~8
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 23. I I
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 ami Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
July 34. I
Alliance.... Kureka & Coos B.lll am Pier 16
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
8. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona..... Humboldt 1:30 p Tier 0
July 25.
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pmjPler 2
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmlPier 2
July 26.
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 21
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
. July 27.
Porrona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier ft
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
July 28.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. Fan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pmlPler 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 29. I : .
Mongolia... China A Japan.... 1 pm|PIer 40
Totmes Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 1!)
City Puebla. Pugef Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.l 5 pm Pier 23
July 30. I
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama.|12 m Pier 40
Aurclla Astoria & Portland] 4 pm Pier 27
July 31. ( f .
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pler 21
from seattleI
I Steamer. I Destination. Sails.
Cot t«ge City. . Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Dolphin....... Skagway &. Way Ports. July 28
Olympla Nome direct July 23
Santa Clara. . . Valdez & Seward July 25
City Seattle.. .Skagway A Way Ports. July 25
tamplco Nome & St. Michael....' July 25
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. July 31
Excelsior Seldovla & Way Ports. Aug. 1
Victoria Nome & Siberia Aug. 2
Roanoke Nome &. St. Michael.... Aug. 6
FRIDAY. JULY 22.
Sun rieea ,.„.,
Sun sets ~; vm
Mpo° »«U .....V.l'ao'a! m.
b I 71 " 1 *! « """I «. Tlnse l T"™*
_£ ] 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» |L W) H W L W H W
22 1:41 0.4 8:27 4.0 1:07 2.7 7:36 6 7
28 2:37 0.0 9:31 4.3 i:01 2.9 8:27 50
24 3:28—0.4 10:26 4.8 2:55 3.0 9:18 69
25 4:12— 0.<5Jl:12 4.5 3:45 3.110:00 67
26 4:50—0.611:67 4.6 4:30 3.1]0:44 6«
27 j 8:28— O.5|12:34 4.7 6:10 3.111:22 5.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
Thursday, July 21.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, 14 hours from
Mendoclno. vt* Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. 40 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodrer*. '. .
Stmr Rival, Foeen. 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Signal, Besdegard, 64 hour« from Coos
Bay. BBBlfcWMftJ'frUHfl'JM
Stmr National City, Hammar. 18 hours
Fort Bragg. ' ¦
Stmr Montara, Rellly, 82 hours from Seattle.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Arabs Is Almost Ready.
The new towboat Arabs, which has been
built by the Fulton Iron Works for the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, Is almost ready
for service. She ban not had her official trial
trip yet, but the builders' had her out for a
spin the other day and the new boat showed
her ability to sail all around the specifications
by which her ownera will judge the latest
addition to their fleet. The Arabs is almost
Identical in appearance and strength with the
Santa Ke Company's tug Richmond. She will
be used by the Pacific Mall Company
as a tender and to assist the Panama
and Oriental line« In docking. She will re
place the Millen Griffith, a time-worn craft.
wbcee value as a towboat has been for many
days purely perfunctory. The captain of
the Arabs has not been named, but Jt Is
understood that an experienced towboat man
will be selected, as with the Increasing eize
of the mail company's vessels skilled assistance
In docking is becoming even more of a neces
sity than it has been In the part.
The Arabs is fitted with a powerful steam
capstan, has an electric light plant. Is equipped
with pumps which will be Invaluable In fight
ing fire and in every other way is up-to-date.
Although built here, for service* in this har
bor, her home port, according • to the legend
engraved acroce her stern, la New York.
Coming to the Pacific
The North German Lloyd Company's train
ing bark" Herzogln Sophie Charlotte left Lelth
July 18 for Honolulu and while In Pacific
waters may Vtalt San Francisco. ! The Sophie
Charlotte Is a four-masted steel bark of 2581
tons register. She Is an older and smaller sis^
ter of the Herzogin Cecilie, which recently paid
a visit to this port. Both vessels, in addition
to bfing commercial carriers, are used by th«
North German Lloyd Company for the training
of officers' for their ocean greyhounds The
law. time the Herzogin Sophie Charlotte was
in the Pacific the captain gave some of his
cadets a realistic 'dose of lifeboat drill. When
the bark was about 200 miles from Honolulu
a boat manned and equipped In accordance
with the regulations of the German mercantile
marine was turned adrift under orders to make
Honolulu and return to the ship. The little
b'.at made the trip in safety and in remarkably
rood time.
Shipments for Hawaii.
The bark Kaiulanl sailed yesterday for Hon
olulu tt-lth an assorted cargo valued at $53,527
and including the following: 1600 bbls flour,
418t ctls barley. 261 ctls wheat, 72,111' lbs
middlings, r,S:>7 lbs bran, 232 ctls corn. 2S.442
lbs beans, 7K00 lbs peas, Ml bales hay, 312
ctls oats, «5,000 lbs salt. G&.288 lbs sugar, 35,
000 lbs lard. 2621 lbs butter, 14.600 lbs (bread,
73 cs assorted canned goods, 43 pkgs groceries
on/1 provisions. 7 cs chocolate. 63 bbls vinegar,
:c*i2 lbs glucose. 1150 lbs dried fruit. 330 lbs
raisins. 240 casks bottled beer, 25 cs gin, 10
cs mineral water, 900 lbs 25 cs mlllstuffs. 1'tf
gals brandy. SO cs whisky, 6707 gals 15 cs
wine. 05 bbls .10 half-bb!s pickled salmon, 0000
lbs 11 cs tobacco, 0 pkgs oil clothing, 6 pkgs
dry goods. 12 cs hats, 315 kegs lead paint. 3
pkgs drugs. 5 cs alcohol, 6 cs turpentine. 10
bbls tar. 216 bdls paper, 34.000 bricks. 201
pkgs oils. CSS cs soap. 10 bales twine, 22 bdls
leather, 19,816 lb* soda. 223,500 lbs fertilizer,
00 bdls shooks. 25 bales brooms, 4S50 lbs tin
plate. 185 cells rope, 116 bales paper bags,
£> c* gasoline. 50 cs matches.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geod«Uo Survey—
Tim* and Height of High and Low Waters
c y .4 . W J l!h * d by o'fldaJ authority of th«
Superintendent.
fh^H^TT? 1 ! h . an<5 low water » mc" 1 **
tne city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
TtMtV^r than at Fort Point: th. heUnt
of tide Is the «ame at both places.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 40 hours from
Gray, 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Magcle, Corning, 4 hours irom Ha.u-
m &tmr San Juan. Urry, 23 days from Panama,
Semsen, 1V% days from WUlapa
Ichr Newark. Relnertsen, 13 hours from
"clfr *Befsle 'k. Stark, IS hours from San
Vicente Landing. '
Sahr Jennl* Griffin. Glbaon, 3 hours from
B ° UnaS - . CLEARED. -
Thursday, July 21.
Nor stror Tltania. Foyer, Ladysmith; West
ern Fuel Company.
Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson. San Pedro; Paclflc
Coa&t Steamship Company.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka: Pacific
Coast Steamship Company. -,,,„,
Bark Kalulanl, Colly, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
9«hr Defender, Hclllngsen, Mahukona; Hind,
R 0 ,ph & C0. gAiLED
Thursday, July 21.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, Crescent City.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, Coos Bay.
S-tmr Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr State of California, Nfcolson, San
Stm'r Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria,
Stmr Prentlsa, Gunderson, Kureka.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Pasadena. Hcnrlcksan. Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, McClements. WUlapa Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. Caspar.
Nor Btmr Titania, Foyer. Nanalmo.
Stmr Porno Jacobs, Albion.
Br ship Ollvebank. Henderson, Chemanlus.
Br bark Lord Twnpletown, Morse, Port
Townsend.
Bark Kaiulanl, Colly, Honolulu.
Schr Confianza, Johnson. Notlcys Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT L.OBOS, July 21. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind. SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
, SPOKEN.
July 1— 'Lat 42 N, long 11 W, Fr bark
Marthe Roux from Swansea, for Oregon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON — Arrived July 21— Stmr Chico,
hence July 18.
SEATTLE Arrived July 21— Stmr George
Loomis, hence July 16.
Sailed July 21— Stmr Leelanaw, for Port-
EUREKA — Sailed July 20^ — Stmr Mandalay,
for San Francisco. July 21— Schr Mary Dodge,
for Guaymas.
Arrived July 21— Stmr Arctic, hence July 20.
Sailed July 21 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco; echr Ida McKay, for San Francisco;
stmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 21— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; stmr Shasta, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH — Passed in July 21— Schr Forest
Home frcm Haiphong, for Port Townsend.
Passed out July 21— Brie W G Irwln, from i
Roche Harbor, for ¦ San Francisco; Br ship
' Donna Franclsca, from Vancouver, for Callao.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 21 — Stmr San
Pfdro with atrnr Santa Barbara in tow. hence
July iS; stmr Acme, from Redondo; stmr Cc
; quille River, from Crescent City.
1 Sailed July 21— Schr Ruth E Godfrey, for
Ballard: schr J M Griffith, for Port Hadlock;
stmrs James S Hlggins, San Pedro, and Bo
nit a. for Ean Francisco. .
FORT BRAGG— Arriv«d July 21— Stmr
Brunswick, hence July 20, with barge Tidal
Wave In tow, hence July 20.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived July 21 —
Stmr Sari Pedro, from San Pedro, and sailed
for Redrtndo and San Francisco.
OR AYS HARBOR— Arrived July 21— Stmri
Coronado and Chehalis, hence July 17.
VENTURA — Sailed July 21— Stmr Asuncion,
for Port Harford.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 21— Bktn
Gleaner, for San Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived July 21— Bark
Challenger, from Manianlllo.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 21— Schr An
nie Campbell, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 21 — Schr
Forest Homo, from Everett; »chr Mildred,
from San Pedro.
REDONDO— Sailed July 21— Stmr Acme, for
San Franciaco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived July 19— Stmr Seguranca,
from New York.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Advance, for New
HONGKONG— Arrived July^ 0— Br stmr
Oanfa, from London, for Tacoma.
8alled July 20— Br stmr Athenian,, for Van
couver. July 21— Stmr Siberia, for San Fran
cisco. - •: • . •
OUATEMALA— Sailed July 2— Ger itmr
Serapls. for '.Hamburg. .
LEITH— Sailed July 18— Ger ship Herzogin
Sophie Charlotte, for Honolulu.
HAMBURG— Sailed July 18— Ger •tmr
Saxonla. for San Francisco.
BARCELONA— Sailed July lft— Scan ttmr
Montserrat, for Manila.
COLOMBO — Sailed July 17 — Span stmr Ali
cante, for Liverpool.' .
. NEWCA8TLE, AUS— Sailed July 21— Fr
bark Notre Dimt d'Arvor. for San Francisco
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior ; to July 21— Br
stmr Bagaml, from New York for Manila *
ALGI ERS — Sailed July 15— Br . etmr Alben
ga. for Manila. ~ ' -
NEWCASTLE. ENG— In port June 28— Fr
ship Berangere, > for San Francisco, •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants 1 Exrhnnee. San Francisco. Cal..
Owing to' a failure of the mechanism the
Time Ball was not dropped to-day
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
¦ Captain Rinder was in poor health when he
arrived here with the Mongolia from Newport
News, but appeared in the pink of condition
whrn he brought the liner home from her
maiden trip across the Pacific. He wan ex
onerated of blame for running the Mongolia
ashore during the voyage from the Atlantic,
but when another accident, the picking up of
the vagrant chain, necessitated another dock-
Ing of the big vessel. It was feared that Rin
der> yellow jacket was in danger. It was ru
mored yesterday that the former white Ftar
line captain had been dismissed from the Pa
cific Mall Company's service.
'•Nothing in it." *aid General Manager It.
P. Schwerln yesterday. • "Captain Rinder is 'still
on fhe company's payroll. %Ve have granted
him sick leave and meantime Captain "Porter
has been placed In command of the Mon
rolia."
Rolia was placed on the Hunter* Point dry
dock yesterday for the purpose of having a
chain, picked up in the Orient, taken from one
nt her' propellers. Captain J. H. Rinder has
lx"en granted pick leave by the Pacific Mail
Company and when the Mongolia leaves here
July 29 e>he will be In command of Captain
Porter. Captain Porter is well known on the
"Oriental run. though recently he has been on
a Panama liner. One of the biggest men
physically in the- Pacific Mail Company's serv
ice, he is In every other way fitted to com
mand the biggest vessel, and nobody in the
company' & wrvice better deserves the honor.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the ord»r of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column rives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights eiven are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus <— )
flgn precede? the height, and then the number
given is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Th»» Pacific Mall Company'^ hig tln«>r Mnn-
?
Mongolia Changes Masters.
Tlu- Geneva had no Fignals set and
Lhos« en board are evidently satisfied
« ith the security of their anchor hold.
When the breeze wakes up again and
the weather bureau wind guage starts
to buzz, the Geneva will shake out her
vjRjEF, take a bone of foam in her
mouth ar.d resume the interrupted
journey to the northern lumber port.
When the sun went down the Geneva
v ap still at anchor.and the wind, which
at this iwint finds no trouble at all in
racing along at a forty-mile-an-hour
pait. was moving from the south at
the modest pace of six miles in sixty
minutes. ¦: -
The brig Geneva, which left here
July for Port Blake'.ey, is havfng a
hard time to get away from the coast
and out amonjr the kind of ocean
breezes suited to her mode of travel.
When day broke yesterday morning
ihe United States Weather Boreau ob
servers stationed at Point Reyes dis
covered the Geneva anchored about 150
lards from the promontory.
The weather was hazy and for once
there was nothing doing in the zephyr
line at the windiest cape in America.
All day long the Geneva rolled in the
EweU, the rattle of her cordage and
spars makins up to the men at the
¦"eather station fc.-r the unwonted ab
sence of the wind's roar.
AVERS THAT'HIS ARREST
WAS MADE MALICIOUSLY
A. Xeuvohner Swears to a Complaint
Against Thomas Clay and Will
Sue for Damages.
A. Xeuvohner, 526 Sixth street, yes
terday swore to a complaint before
Police Judge Fritz charging: Thomas
Clay with maliciously procuring a war
rant for his arrest on a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses. Neu
vohner says that he will also sue Clay
for damages in the civil courts.
The warrant was sworn to by Clay
for Neuvohner's arrest before Police
Judge Conlan on July 2. Clay, who
had an office in the Crossley building,
alleged that Neuvohner induced him
to purchase his one-half interest in
the "Little Hungary" roadhouse on
the San Leandro road for $800, which
was paid to Nuevohner at the Western
National Bank. The day following
Clay had to pay $150 rent. He de
clared that instead of the roadhouse
paying a good percentage on the in
vestment the daily receipts did not ex
ceed 65 cents, fitii' 1
When the case was called in Judge
Conlan's court Clay failed to appear to
prosecute and after two continuances
it was dismissed for lack of prosecu
tion. Neuvohner alleges that Clay's
statements were false. Clay is an Eng
lishman, but claims, it is said, to be
a grandson of Henry Clay, the famous
statesman. He is thought to have left
the city.
SIR. DOOLEY WILL APPEAR
Exclusively in The Sunday Call, Be
ginning July 24,
With a new series of the famous Doo-
Iey stories, the first being entitled
"Mr. Dooley on the Political Situa
tion." The great demands of the times
have brought the famous old philos
opher und humorist out of a silence of
two years and for the next year he
has agreed to Rive his views on pub
lic men and affairs for the benefit of
Call readers. His talks are better
than stories and funnier than the best
comic sections. Get The Sunday Call
and you will get all Mr. Dooley has
to say. '¦; »
Keeps After Von Tiedemann.
Acting under instructions from Dr.
Dudley Tait, president of the State
Board of Medical Examiners, Henry
Wax, 426 Eleventh street, swore to a
complaint before Police Judge Con
lan yesterday charging Dr. Carl W.
von Tiedemann with practicing medi
cine without a license. Wax said that
Von Tiedemann had attended his wife
in her sickness and had sent him a bill
for $30. Von Tiedemann surrendered
himself at the City Prison and after
being booked on the charge was re
leased on bail, j He has an appeal be
fore the Supreme Court against a prior
conviction on a similar charge and
says he believes it will be sustained,
as his application for examination has
been before the board for the last two
years.
Lights for Sunset.
_ Representatives of the Sunset dis
trict were present at yesterday's meet
ing of the Supervisors' Light Commit
tee in support of their petitions for
additional lights on H street The
commute ordered arc lights at First
and' Third avenues and a gas lamp at
Fifth avenue on H street. ;',.;
SAT LIQUOR WAS SOLD TO BOY.—Oak
land, July 21. — Fred M. Grlfnn. bartender at
his father's saloon. Seventh and Cedar streets.
was In the Police Court to-day, charged with
selling liquor to George Roach, IS years old.
Griffin's trial was set In Department 3 for
August 12.
PAC1KK" MAIL COMPANTS NEW AND POV.ERKl'L TENDER ARABP. JUST COMPLETED BY THE FULTON IRON WORKS
AND SOON TO CO INTO COMMISSION IN PLACE OF THE OBSOLETE TUGbOAT MILLEN GRIFFITH. WHOSE
SERVICES HAVE LONG BEEN MERELY TERFUXCTORY.
In the inquest held yesterday by
Coroner Leland on the body of James
Adams, the 4-year-old child who was
run over and killed by an electric car
on Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, on July 16. the jury returned a
verdict exonerating E. A. Lindsay, the
motorrnan, from all blame.
The jury rendered a verdict charg
in» W. S. Gloster with manslaughter
for the death of J. A. Funk on July 17.
The evidence was that Gloster struck
Funk a heavy blow in the face with
his first, the blow felling Funk to the
sidewalk and the fall fracturing his
skull. Bystanders followed Gloster,
who had walked rapidly away, and
procured his arrest-
Coroner's Jury Cliarscs \V. S. Gloster
With Manslaughter for the Kill
ing of J. A. Funk.
MOTORMAX EXONERATED
FOR A CHILD'S DEATH
Horticultural Commissioner Ehrhorn '
of Santa Clara County will probably,
succeed Alexander Craw as quarantine
officer against insect pests dangerous ;
to trees and vines in California. The"!
appointment has not yet been made by
Ellwobd Cooper, State Horticultural
Cdmmissioner, but the news from San
Jose, derived from trustworthy sources, ]
leaves little doubt that Ehrhorn is the ;
man. He has obtained the indorsement'
of S. F. Lieb of San Jose and of the '
leading fruit growers and canners of
the State. Ehrhorn has conferred with
Horticultural Commissioner Cooper and
has practically been assured that he is .
the leading candidate for the place. He ,
was required to get the indorsement of
men of weight engaged in horticulture
and viticulture or in the interests that
are bound up with these industries, and
in this he has succeeded.
From.theflrst Mr. Ehrhorn has been
favorably mentioned. His duties in
Santa Clara County have been princi
pally those of county entomologist. He
has, however, had experience in the
quarantine work that he will be called
upon to perform, having formerly been .
associated with Alexander Craw in this
city in the service of the State. : j
It is supposed that the appointment '
of Ehrhorn" will be announced in a few i
days, as Mr. Craw will depart for Ha
waii under a five years' contract at;
$5000 per annum about the middle of
next month, and will require some time i
to attend to his own private affairs be- j
fore he leaves. The position that Mr. |
Ehrhorn will occupy pays $200 per
month, and it is considered very im- j
portant to the fruit interests of the j
State.
Canners and Horticulturists
Sign Petition Asking That
He Be Named for the Posl
OBTAINS IND0ESEMENT
George Spencer, charged with keep
ing an opium : 8moklng place on Stock
ton-street, and eight • >ien and one
•woman accused' of being inmates of the
"joint" were discharged by Judge Fritz,
who said he felt certain that the de
fendants were guilty, but unfortunate
ly their guilt could not be legally
The material evidence consist
ed of half a dozen complete "pipe-hit
ting" outfits which the police found in
the | room occupied by the defendants,
all of whom had apparently, been smok
ing, and this "paraphernalia * the Judge
refused to order returned to Spencer.
"I .won't sign . any such order," he
said, "and if you get the stuff back it
"• Preparatory to departing on vacation
next Saturday Judge Mogan is clearing
off his calendar of continued cases and
taking up no new Complaints, and the
vigor with which he is working war
rants a prediction that ere the week
expires he will run out of material.
Among the sentences handed down by
him yesterday were:
Innocente Glannlni, passing a ficti
tious check, three months; Y. Sodo, re
sisting a police officer, ten days; G.
Iwatankl, plumbing without license,
twenty days; Bessie Russen, Violet
Weaver and Truly Thome, I selling
liquor without license, $20 apiece.
Frank Kato, a Japanese cook, was
given three months' imprisonment by
Judge Conlan for having annoyed
Miss Matilda Gunzbergfcr, a waitress,
until she found his arrest essential to
her comfort. They worked together
at 320 Mason street, where Frank's at
tentions to Matilda became so irri
tating that she complained of his con
duct to their common employer and
his dismissal was the result. Then he
made a practice of hounding her and
alternating professions of admiration
with threats of violence.
Miss Rose Decker of 326 Mason
street showed such slight respect for
the dignity of Judge Fritz's court that
she' was fined $5 for contempt. She
was accused by Miss Pearl Rodgers of
illegally detaining a trunk containing
that young woman's wardrobe and
when the complaint was read to her
she laughed it to scorn. Then she in
sisted' that yesterday was Friday, de
ppite the Judge's assertion that it was
Thursday and carried her impudence
so far as to flatly refuse compliance
with the court's order that Miss Rod
gers be permitted to obtain some nec
essary articles of apparel from the
trunk. But not until she conveyed her
disorderly conduct to the corridor did
his Honor command that she be
brought back and charged with con
tempt. She paid the fine.
Mrs. Gertrude Hoffman of 172 Dor
land street failed to convince Judge
Mogan that Ong Gomie, a washerman,
was responsible for her alleged loss of
two diamond rings that disappeared
from the casket of jewelry which she
placed for hiding in a bundle of. soiled
linen. It was proved that Ong found
the box in the 'bundle and that he
marked on the cover of the former
the number of articles it contained, all
of which were restored to Mrs. Hoff
man when she applied for them at the
laundry. The Chinese was discharged.
Edward F. Beach, a carpenter, was
ordered-by Judge Mogan to pay his
wife $10 a month for the support of
their infant child. The~ woman stated
that she has been married thirteen
months and that her husband was
good to her until he went to Woodland
to work and there became enamored
of one "Jess," whom he brought back
to the city with him and installed in
his father's house, where he also
dwells.
Among the defendants sent to the
Superior Court by Judge Mogan were
Harry Scott, Edward Wood and Ed
ward Burke, for holding up Florain
Andre and robbing him of $80, with
bail fixed at , $1000 apiece; Frank
Jackson, for stealing a horse and bug
gy from the Haslett Warehouse Com
pany, bail of $2000.
Judge Conlan held E. R. Bratton for
forgery in $2000, and Walter Jen
kins for waylaying and robbing three
Chinese in Union Square in $3000.
Joe Podesta, who has attained some
local fame as an amateur lightweight
boxer, told Judge Fritz that he will
endeavor to pay his wife, from whom
he is separated, $4 a week for the sup
port of their infant child, although his
weekly salary as a grocer's assistant Is
only $9, and he has ceased depending
upon his fistic art far money-getting.
Moreover, he did not believe the woman
should be allowed to handle the money,
as she is givej to beer-tippling and
even more reprenensible failings, one of
them being a penchant for taking trips
to Canada with a man who is not her
father, although she told all her friends
that he bore that relationship to her.
However, he would endeavor to abide
by the decision of the referee, although
he reserved the right to believe that a
draw would have been more in the line
of justice.
Superior Judge Kerrigan has re
strained Police Judge Conlan 'from en
forcing his order that a Kearny- street
pawnbroker restore to Elbert C. Laws
one diamond-etudded gold badge which
the latter alleges was pledged for a
loan af $50 without his knowledge or
consent. The injunction suit will be
thrashed out in the higher tribunal
some time next week and until it la
decided the knight of the three balls
will retain possession of the badge.
According to- the testimony on which
Judge Conlan based his order, the
badge was presented to Laws by Aerie
No. 61, Fraternal Qrder of Eagles, of
which he is a past president, and was
borrowed from him • by " one Carl
Schwartz, its designer and maker,
whose ostensible purpose was to use It
as a model for the manufacture of a
duplicate. Soon afterward Mr. Schwartz
abruptly left the city and tTien it was
discovered that for some "time prior to
his departure the jewelry business con
ducted by him on Market street was
in shaky conation and that he had
pawned for $50 the badge lent to him
by Mr. Laws, telling the pawnbroker
that its owner needed the money to
meet some pressing obligations and
was ashamed to dispose of the badge
himself. The pawnbroker in whose
possession the emblem was found- re
fused to give it up unless he received
the principal sum with interest that he
had loaned on it and Mr. Laws appeal
ed to the courts ta aid him in its re
covery.
Judge Conlan held that the pawn
broker had no legal right to keep the
badge, inasmuch as it was inscribed
with the fact that it had been pre
sented to Mr. -Laws and was not offered
in pawn by that gentleman in person.
So the pawnbroker was ordered to re
store the badge to Mr. Laws and in
stitute proceedings against the ab
sentee Schwartz for recovery of the
money advanced to him. Instead of
doing that the pawnbroker's attorney
hurried to the City Hall and obtained
the restraining order from the Superior
Court.
Just where Schwartz lsiat present no
one connected with the case seems to
know.
Patrolman McHugh arrested Ira C.
Hayes for conducting a poker game at
1219& Fillmore street, and at the same
time ran in six young men who were
on the premises and charged them with
gambling. Before Judge Conlan, how
ever, the officer couldn't swear that the
defendants were not holding a prayer
meeting or playing old maid, and dis
missal was promptly ordered.
Young W. Casteel, who shot R. TV.
Durham, manager of a business college
on Golden Gate avenue, is confined to
his home with a severe attack of ecze
ma, and said eczema being a repelling
disease Judge Mogan prudently de
clined an invitation to conclude the
preliminary hearing of the case at the
sick man's bedside. The examination
will be resumed in open court on Sep
tember 5.
Instantly, as if with a single voice,
both bench and bar exclaimed, "Why
isn't it TOpsy Turvy?"
Miss Burns calmly corraled her dis
ordered tresses and replied not. Bailiff
Conlan declared she had not seen the
joke.
It was the frowzled condition of the
woman's coiffure that inspired both
Judge Fritz and Assistant District At
torney Harris to utter the same bon
mot simultaneously.
"Your name?" said Harris.
"Topsy Burns," was the woman's an
swer.
• • •
Adolph Goldman, who shot with in
tent to kill R. W. Snow, a former
Mayor of Oakland, was sent to the Su
perior Court by Judge Mogan, with bail
fixed at $2000.
Judge Conlan sentenced Susie Rear
don to three months' imprisonment for
drunkenness after the woman had con
fessed inability to shun the cup that
inebriates. She was in the same court
on a similar charge several weeks ago
and the Judge dismissed her at the re
quest of an evangelist, who said he
could effect her reform by getting her
employed as housemaid for a respec
table family. He did so, but the first
wages received by Susie were spent for
drink. *
"It's no use trying to brace me up.
Judge," she said, "for when I'm sober I
can't stand It."
"You will have to stand it for three
months, anyway," was the Judge's
laconic response.
must be through civil process. I think
the law should provide for the destruc
tion of opium and opium-smoking im
plements."
Santa Clara Man Leads for
Position Now Occupied by
Quarantine Officer Craw
Judge Conlan Instructs a Pawnbroker to RestoretoItsOwner
a Golden Emblem Which He Did Not Pledge in Person,
and Judge Kerrigan Enjoins Enforcement of Instruction
REPORT GIVES
EHRHORN PLACE
SUPERIOR COURT RESTRAINS
AN ORDER OF POLICE COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, FRIDAY. JULY .22. 190*.
Daybreak Finds the Little Windjammer Under the Shadow of the
Rocky Promontory, Where She Remains All Day Awaiting the
Breeze Which Never C6mes — Is Not Thought to Be in Danger
DESERTED BY WIND, THE BRIG GENEVA
IS CARRIED CLOSE TO POINT REYES
11
FREE. FREE.
We are presenting to want ad-
vertisers in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CAIiTj
The round polished sliverless
WORLD'S FAIR TOOTHPICKS
Put up in Estes' polished and
engraved, turned wooden boxes.
BRING YOUR WANT ADS
TO-DAY.
;-.' ?¦.--¦- Ye Olde Enslish Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Bab.i &
Jules'. That's all. . •
El W KM § y jlSk. JWCj
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THS
WEST.
Orer 24 Post »t.. San Francisco. Cal.
Eatab. 40 year». Open entire year.day ft nlcnt.
Write for circulars (free).
VONMEYERINCK i^^&N Mt T T c
SAN FRANCISCO. EstabU*hed 1«95!
Pre-eminently the largest and N»«t
equipped »choe1 on the Pacific Coa»t — offer-
Ing all the. advantages of Eastern and
European conservatories for a thorough
muilcal education. Prospectus upon ap-
plication. Visitors to th» World's Fair. St.
Lctils. are Invited to examine the exhibit
of th« cehooi. Educational Eulldlnr Call-
fornla School Exhibit.
New Quarters — More Space
PIN ES 1IOOM3.
Just moved Into cur new rooms; new Cr*-
proof bulldlnr. 3 elevators, electrto lights,
tteam heat. Do more for students than ever
before. This Is ths colleg* that Mcure* so
many positions.
San Francisco Business College,
733 Mlsion St.. Near Third.
' -^^t^ps,- ness CoUearo and
*5|TfiSM^^«f^N Sch001 oi Eaari-
neerl asr. Oakland.
'^Sf![|yl^-T^f^,*f^? of business, shorthairl
r^r^^^M^^^i%y^tnil. anc ' engineering wpst
.~~ ¦ low. Write for freo
100- page catalogue.
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANT3 DIPI/5-
MAS.
Seminary course accredited to th» snl-Terrt-
tiea and leading: Eastern colleges; rare opportu-
nities offered In music, art and elocution. Thir-
ty-ninth year. Fall term opens August 10,
190-L Write for catalogue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS, PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. O., CAU "
THE UYCEUM.
An accredited preparatory school for th« onl-
verslty, law and medical colleges. Is well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Coma
and be with us: we prepare you well; refer-
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan Build inr.
L. II. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
H/\mLIlV 3GHOOL,
AOT) VAN NESS SBMIXABT,
1849 Jackson St., S. F. Boarding and day
school for girls. Accredited by the leadinc
colleges and unlversitlesL Special attention
given to music. Reopens TCESDAT Aurast
8. 1004. SARAH D. HAMLIN. PrindpaL
; _ _ » _ An enrollment oC
O«Xll TO ri\iOv 4S0 students tells
A^VNI IVCCv «uccess;new build-
"*Z£/'-S f _, 3 lc if. new idea*.
I 0 1 1 6 Ct C> wholesotn« collegs
V**' ~- * lire; Catalosuo.
023 Golden Gat* ave.. S. F.
St. Mary's College,
OAKI.A3TD. CAXu
Studies will be resumed MONDAT. August 1.
1004. BRO. ZEN'ONIAN. President.
U/CCTCDU Thorough business course, Eng-
ITLOILnn Ugh. bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
nilCIUCOP ithmetle. algebra, etc.. Civil Ser-
CUolntoo v lce. Individual Instruction. Po-
sitions for graduates. 6 mo. (day)
nflMFRF * 30: Eve - School. 6 mo.. $24.
UULLLOb no7 Market , t . t cor . Seventh.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL. FOB GI2CI.S.
2114 VAN NESS AVE.. opens Aue. 17.
Home and Day SchooL i Accredited by leading
colleges. For catalogue address MART B.
WEST. Principal. Kindergarten. Applications
received between 1 :3O and 3:3o p. m.
BOORFS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
BEEKEIEY,
REOPENS MONDAY. ATTO. 8.
P. B. BOOSE.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTINGTON*S. 424 PINE 3T.
Oldest School In America.
New Term Begins MONDAT. Aug. 1.
DAT AND EVENING CLAS3.
BAITTA CLASA COLLEGE.
Santa Clara. Cal.
Studies will be resumed on Tuesday, August
2. For further Information apply to REV.
ROBERT Q. KENNA. 3. J.. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
Boarding and day school for boys under 15 yrs.
of tge. Studies commence MONDAY. Aug. l3t.
1904. Send for prospectus to Bro. Genebem.
OPTICIANS EABN S10 A DAY.
.^gBJSSfiSfc. Individual Instructions; al»r»
mail course. Call or write fop
HpT/7«93V*f?d pro»p»ctu^ CLISE OPTICAL.
yyU^M^S^ INSTITUTE. 1CM Mark«i St..
*^gl^^ r S. F. Eyes examined fre*.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
WILL REOPEN on' August 18.
Apply to tea Principal
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for young ladiea ani
little girls. 2126 California street. Will reopett
August 1. 1904. Accredited to the universities
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Junior school separate. Fall term begins Aug.
IT. ARTHUR CROSBY. P.P.. Head Master.
Market St., S. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON. CALIFORNIA. ¦
Holds pre-eminently the confidents* of lu n».
Irons and the loyalty of Its pupils. ,
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
„.,.... School for boys: 14tb year
UrilTT"V be « lns Aur - Oth : l*r«tr and
Ml A stronger faculty th»r> ever;
1 1 V I I I V perfect sanitation; illus-
trated catalogue. w. J.
MEREDITH. Vlc« Principal. Menlo Par*. Cal
TES UNIVERSITY SCXOOXa*
2310 CXJ^T STSEET.
Will REOPEN on August 1 with
BERT V. TUCKER. M. S..
. Principal.
COL1EGE OP NOTRE SAME. '
SAN JOSE. CAL. Exclusively for boarding
students. Fifty- third year. Courses: Classical.
Literary. Scientific. Conservatory. College
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies resumed Tuesday, Aug.
B»t 2. 1304.
DALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
¦ Stanford University — Boys and young men
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantage* In Modern,
Languages and Higher Mathematics. Fall t»rm
begins August 22. For catalogue address
MATNARD SHTPLTCT. PaTo Alto. JaL
T>"DTTOTJ17C rOR BARBERS. BA-
DKUoiIIjU kers - bootbUcks. bath.
wnuuiiiJw houses. blUUrd Ubles.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannery
dyers flour mills, foundries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. sho« factortev
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*. «tc
BXrCSANAN BBOS.
Brnib Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
APTERTISEM EXTS.
>\ BUY a<JOODj
$ Pocket Knife 4
5 /br $l°-5 -4
U* You can't . get a b<?tter
valuf for your money any-
jf_ Has two or three
hla-Ses, comes in several
frtylpg of handle. Including-
pearl.
f ( A EXCHANGE TOTTO 6l.X>
razor for a new one. -I
|i will rr.akp you a liberal al-
0 lnw&r.re for it. I've good
IM Razors as low ?«....$].OO
. J SCZSSOKS and other lirres
• . v of good Cutlery at my usual
' ¦ low prices.
\% EAZOE STROPS, from
*; • 2J>«* up. ,
Ur^ ,, Razors honed and ground.
Is*, Honed for 2."»c
>iT Two bars Williams" Shav-
injr Soap. 1 ,'c.
1 Order by mail If you're
out of town.
I THAT MAN PITTS
'•V^V T. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STSEET.
Above Powell,
EAX FRANCISCO.
flmiiT DR. JORDAN'S oat«r()
HiUSEUH OF AHATQUY<
V »P .:C:S£4iri:Er.l:tt.6:i»7i,8.r.Ct!. A
\ k*. . Tb * L*ree»l Aa»tomte*l Museum in tht \
O T**3Tft*9i lVu "d ¦W«i«r.«<-« cr *ny centric t»rt fl
" mi tifi dil> "« r»»««i»»-ij'c-»r«wir y iht oidtit V
O /f-JJjJI *?*'-•*¦'¦•*<>* «>« Ccist. E«t. jtyeitv O
A fl*32£fi W« JSRDAN-D'SEASES QF MEN A
O 1 if^tH ' '•»"""¦•* »»r»cn»!iy or bj IfTtfr. AQ
\ m U Tl H "•"*"• ***¦««« *rtTjc*s* saderukta. , T
A r j 11 0 w ':'' f« B3»k. rciLonoraT «r A
" B II' ¦AawiAeK. mailed raw. fAf
A O 11- »*' aiti * ao °* for mi-r.) \
(' r.O. JOBD1S A CO.. JOSl M»rtet St..S. P. V
sJ&SBBto&ji MENANDWQMEft.
<^fS^jyvirB£b'^sH C§«. Bif Gfornnnatnrsi
yjaSyia r. to s 4*j^Vf <JUch».rge«.lBfianim»tioBi.
/*4tdf CwwM M lrriutlon* or ulrtr&tlont
K«6» mi u nrtitin. of mucous armlirt.net.
r^-y Tr*»MtBe—ii*»^. Pifnleie, and not utrln-
tf«« jTHEEriKSLKEMgilCO. ««nt or polronout.
t*S<L C!KSKIUTI.O.E5H *«><» *>7 Drntlisti,
VsSgk U.B.*. JSSk 0T Mnt i0 P Uin ""(!>"•
irwfiWb iWMti *>T •xp"M, pr«p»id, tor
vSHBnaagirH »1 M. or 3 bottlet t2.7ft.
™ Circular lent on nanert
aJtegTENTsTj)
Weak Men and Women
/CHOUU> USE'DAUXAKA BITTERS/ THK
"Great Mexican Kcmcdy; rivet h*alth and
urtrgth to ftexual crs&ns. Depot, 323 Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL', FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1904.
12
> A— CAMERON & CO. '¦ Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and. Powell.
• Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
1 FOR sale— Well furnish-.-d 5-room ark. moored
; one hour's ride froir city;, fine chance for
; sun-.mer outing; also for winter shooting and
fichlng; . completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets f closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy «t. / .
FOR sale cr trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton;. trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $$000. CAMERON & CO., '3 Eddy.
FOR sale^ — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at.
FOR exchange— Lot, 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland:* high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class: on direct' car
line; for rooming-house. S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business: bona fide proposition; good
I reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
WANTED — An experienced office man with a
few thousand dollars to buy an interest In
I . an old-established business to take secretary-
ship and general management of the office;
I salary $100 per month; the business has paid
J more than 20 per cent per annum net for
several years and Is paying It this year.
I *:Box:12C8. Call office. Oakland :
A LADY has restaurant and 20 rooms, com-
pletely furnished; clearing $200 a month;
price $10C0, half cash, or will trade for ranch
cr other property, or will take a partner
who will act as cook or waitress. Box 2459,
Call office.
CANDY, stationery, icecream and variety busi-
ness; growinar town, Santa Clara County; fine
location. Call on J. SEIDL & CO.. 619 Bat-
tery at.
CIGAR for sale, cheap; must leave city. 1013
Folsom st.
10 PER cent dividend earning stock; factory
and books open to Inspection. Box 2371, Call.
$350— BERRY and delicacy store with living
rooms. 379 Hayes st.
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
OLD established cigar, sta. and notion; living
rooms; will bear investigation. 110 7th Et.
FOR tale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
I.ODGISrG-HOTJSES FO3 SA^E.
A — CAMERON &. CO.. N Phone South 1C50.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AH Kinds of Business Chances.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
02 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class cendition; good furniture and car-
pets; clsarig now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can ciear $300. to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost JCCO; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda cr Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apartment
house; sickness: must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $300 to $000 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
ISO rooms: grand, new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
5 rooms and closets; East St.: rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; .snap at $350.
90-roc*i new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment hots.e:«« cheap rent; most elegantly
equlpp*<.i in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish;' this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
25 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
1CS 'ooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand Immediate departure.
18 rooms: rent only $75; well furnished little
apartment house; reduced to $1250. .
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new. and
up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys In/the city.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900,.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to • $400 per
month;, call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In-
clears $400. per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum;. departure.
7-room flat; rent ' $10: oak furniture; good
carpets: sickness; price $350. . • ' ¦ ¦ r.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand
¦ r\ J :-'.¦.¦ CAMERON & CO*. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607
t Rooming-houses and hotels for sale. •
V.vT" * ¦ . \ ' :
19 rooms,, new, and beautifully furnished,
nearly new house; if you want a nice home and
good paying business at almost your own price
Investigate at once. •. ¦
MARION GRIFFIN. -
14 -rooms; corner house; excellent ' location :
always full of steady roomers;' $800 cash. Is all
you need; see MARION GRIFFIN. . •
Extra fine: 105- room modern apartment-
house; long lease and lowest • rental ¦ of any
similar house In city; guaranteed to clear over
$300 per month the year around; if you are
looking for an Investment for the • greatest re-
turn on amount Invested, for full particulars
see my only agent, MARION GRIFFIN. :
40-room hotel; located in heart of the city's
fashions ble neighborhood; money maker and de-
sirable home; get particulars from M. Griffin.
52 rooms; corner house; every room occupied;
$175 monthly profit; leanc;. price $4000; .% cash.
$850 i buyg, this week only. 15-room house,
centrally located, well furn. and worth ' $1500.
$1100; 19 rooms, newly furnished, and allthe
cash required Is $300. MARION GRIFFIN.
$800 is all I'm asking for my 20-room house-
well furnished; absolutely worth double this
amount and clearing now, the dull season ' of
the year. $75 per month. " 7
Buyers, if you do not see what you are look-
Ing for on this list, call at office; no trouble to
give Information; 1000 places to select from
¦ - MARION- ¦ GRIFFIN. '
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnisjied, leasV.$3500
26 roonis. all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*., low rent, country transient. COOO
31 rooms, rent only $55 ....- 500
40 roonis, rent $70, transient. -.- 1500
SI rooms, rent $3 per room........ 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged. , ¦ •
Money to loan on furniture at low rates/ *
'-¦ EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. ~.
• MITCHELL & CO.,."- ¦¦: - " '¦•- ¦- •:>
1206 Market st . , Phone Jessie 2981;
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell any
house; part mah. balance easy payments. .
16-ROOM house; rent $45;. lease; good build-
ing; running water In every room: always
n ' "iS?n U^ n » ¦ 8 ,'« y ear »; .' Price reasonable.
Box 1S10, Call office.- .; , J,
THERE ARC THOUSANDS WAITING TO SUPPLY YOUPX
SPIRITUALISM.
AIRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance, Friday. Sunday eve.. 5Oc. 32S Ellis.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
Ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
AA — Call at once and save $4. .'
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. 1 tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell every hope
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
Jove, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st,, 328.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of th% past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; . valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WItI
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then. for reliable reading go to Livingstone.
428 Eddy st. ; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
A — Miss M. Wllle. 33V Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
¦ tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names Riven: special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
'.ISMAR, Egyptian seeress, Th* Vendome. 1104
Market St., San ¦ Francisco. Office hours— 10
a.^m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, tt to 8. Phone South 1141. •
A— MME." RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of the
age 1207 Market st. room 11. -
MISS- WARD, clairvoyant; gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 017 . Market, room 3.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortuno-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellia st. _
___55 A 15^?? A J5TS-— Continued.
MISS ZEMDAR. young. «riftedTia"ii r r&~^a7m7 :
I correctly tr^at your love affairs, domestic
troub e. bus. and financial success; names:
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
Mrs.A H. Kronen berg, palmist, tlairvoyant.card
reader; when others tail try m»>:Kr>od readings
-oc. <21 rranklin.nr.G.c;.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now j
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carnets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., "Us Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Biigh 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
' s*nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40l
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaninz 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rlton St.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 12U.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat- I
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21G-
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
trl. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170-t Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS.
A NEW p!at<! — The Whalebone— CannoTibreak-
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings 50c-
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new- teeth
from <8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grand
building. 1035 Market St., room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set. teeth. $1 50 up; Crowns.$2 up; fillings. 25c.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsta. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th
A «£ IU HS HIS i5. OLM - 8ur *~n-«lentist.r.l4. 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c: crown,. $2; no
, pain, open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DBESSMAKEBSASD SEAKSTBESSEl
FIRST-CLASS artist, just fronTthe Ea'st.'"^tsh"-
lng to establish her business, will make any
5& Ie ' of own for the next 30 d *y« $3 to
$10; work and fit guaranteed; bring work
and be convinced. 723 McAllister . st.
M ?P2 WELi * Dressmaking & Millinery School
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 101S Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. itewl
• arts button & buttonhole factory, lit) Taylor.
IiODCHNG-HOUSEB 3?OB SAM— Con.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
H. C. DECKER. 90« MARKET ST.. PHONE
ESTABLISHED IN '1877— IN THIS CITY.
I SELL ONLY BARGAINS.
18 looms; splendid' boarding-house $IW<)
8 rooms; flat; newly furnished. $500
1»J roonis; fine transifnt house.. $800
27 rooms; swell board \x\k- house; reduced. $.1000
17 rooms; part housekeeping; a snap $500
10 rooms; sunny side; north of Market. . .$tiT. r >
15 rooms; downtown transient corner $1350
SO rooms; exchange, for small hous? .$3OUO
14 rooms; mut-t be sold ?'»oo
11 rooms; pickup; fine- location. $4Ao
20 rooms;" rent $S5; a bargain. .;.... $!MM)
' 81 rooms; Mission «t..... .... • .....$1850
12 rooms; $200 cash, balance, payments. . .$700
22 rooms; a money-maker; now $750
20 100ms; near Market st. : a snap. . . . . .$1000
7 rooms;' nice -home.'. $400
21 rooms: compelled to sell; see It $1UO«>
8 rooms; modern flat: $20 rent. $100
24 rooms;: fine location: good Income $1300
15 rooms; north of . Market, ?::r><>
16 rooms; .elegantly furnished; .only % .. ..$1200
«J4 rooms; exchange for small house 54500
16 roonis; newly furnished. .......'. $1250
46 rooms: new house; yours for..... $1SW
6 rooms; nicely furnished; only. $250
14 rooms; Geary. Bt.: good buy suoo
16 rooms;. UD-to-date; with • piano. .. .\ .. .$1500
5 rooms; elegantly, furnished $;»00
Bl rooms; modern apartment-house. $7500
31 rooms; Market St.; for exchange $3000
110 rooms 1 ; house clears $600; offer wanted. .
100 houses with 6 to 300 rooms; all prices.
H. C. DECKER. 0W Market at. Tel.. John 531.
LODGING house for rent, 43 rooms. .8 baths:
near Sutter and Hyde. Address for particu-
lars; only principals need-apply. -: Box 1965,
Call office. . / ... . > . • . ¦
10-ROOM house; $30 over rent. Apply after 12
m., 823 Howard »t., downstairs. -
7-ROOM house, furnished, for sale; down town;
good Income. Box. 2211. Call office. -
LODGING, house for SRle, 46 rooms; furniture
In first-class order; bargain. ; Box 2268, Call.
9 ROOMS; "call at ' once; no reasonable offer
refused. . 212, Fifth ¦at-.,. ¦ -^ • ¦
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market 1 St., opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m . . .:¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ j
CI.0THINQ BElTOVATIKCr.
SUITS cleaned - and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche,. 40 Ellis St.. room 14:
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
r n _ ; -^pJtt££lGTZOTI OFFICES.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4rcoUection"s" made-
city, or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main B580.
:.V.. crcBEs auPTUBE. 1
HUNTER'S positive -Rupture Holders. $10; no
1 ¦ discomfort. ,X206 Market St.; send for circular. '
EDUCATIONAL.
A RIGGER school than everr~On~June~Pw
moved to new fireproof buildtn?. 738 Mlssio
St.. betweeji Third and Fourth; more space
finer rooms; bett-r light: finest In th» West
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayr*
Business College for 11 years, has returned t
take active management. Combined courv
$5 a month; life scholarship. $50. Day
evening. Banc-oft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A ~ The LYCEUM, an accredited preparator
school for university, law and, medical col
leges; refs,. President Jordan or any Stanfor
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bdj|
A— THE Paul Gerscn School of Acting glv«
more performances anil secures more engage
.menta for students than all other Wester
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason
¦A— METROPOLITAN Business College. Gram
mar and High School, Wtt Van Ness ave. : as
»!sts to employment: frew use typewriters a
homes. R. H. WEESTER. ex-supt.. Prei
COACHING arithmetic a specialty: |1 25 p«
week; competent Instructor: life diploma
MRS. M. K. SMITH. 8B Pine place, oi
Pine st.. near Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar
ket, guarantees position* to graduates; Pit
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math, etc.: day an.
eve.; individual lnstr. 3C3 Larkin St., Pro*
T. A. Robinson, formerly pras. Cac. Bus. Col
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, m!n..mecl». sur
vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev • est. 1S64 Vai
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
ISAAC Pitman Business College 345 Balxat
• Individual lnatruc. : all branches; day; ev«
"WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt. oom
plete eoursa. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.; prtvau
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Goldoi
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog or request
OPPICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment offlc<
supplies best help promptly; city or country
S. IMURA. S39 Sacramento TeL Jamea 5261
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Jap»aes»
Chinese help. 426 Powell st- ; tel. Mala 9793
CHINESE Employment Offl«e— Best help a
Leon Sennas. 411% O'Farrell; teL East 428
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton
beat help. Fritg Tamagakl. mgr. ;tel. Bush 839
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 91SJ
CHINESE ani Japanese help; estab. 20 yean
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. frtO Clay
ggLOYjggT^ WAH7ED— fEMALIL
STRONG, competent American ¦woman, tera
perate. wants sweeping or washing by tot
day; fine laundress; satisfaction guaranteed
$1 23 and car fare. 180 Fourta st firs
flight, room 24.
COMPETENT young woman wants work b:
the . day. house cleaning, etc., or eharabe:
work; steady; sleep at home. 1109 Miseloi
St., near Seventh.
SWEDISH girl wishes position doing genera
housework and cooking In private America:
family In the city; nazes $30. Box 2470
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady w'3hes a post,
tion In German family; general housework
good copk. 3153 Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED marker and distributor; cai
take charge of either department. Box 1387
1003 Market st.
FRENCH laundress wants washing and Iron-
ing by the day. MR3. PARDIS. 1313 D\i-
pont st.
YOUNG lady, experienced stenographer, deslrei
a position; can give references. Box 2363,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer with « years'
experience wishes situation. Box 2461. f-*V,
LADY desires pcsitlcn as secretary or matron
of Institution; charitable or otherwise; ex-
perienced; first-class references. Box 2711,
Call office.
YOUNG German-American woman with a 4-
year-old child wishes position as housekeeper
¦ or general work, city or country, la Jtwlib
family; can sew. Box 2366. Call.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place as u>
stairs girl; good reference; wages $15. Ad-
dress 2631 Nineteenth st., corner of Tort
A YOUNG German woman wishes a position
as cook In a Christian family; $30; city only.
417 Twenty-ninth st. "
A COMPETENT stenographer desires perma-
nent position; will furnish machine If de-
sired. Box 22CI. Call.
A LAUNDRESS, etc.. wishes a few more halt
days' work; 75c and carfare. AdtiTess MRS.
D.. 14 RlngoM st.. between Eighth and
Ninth, near Harrison.
YOUNG lady (German) would like a situation
as companion or to take care of children fox
parties going to Europe or East In exchange
for expenses. Box 2-".';:. Call office.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and Ironlnsr by the day. Call 1203 Vallejo
St.; no postals.
EASTERN girl wishes position to do general
housework and assist In cooking. Phona
Church !>67.
AN American woman wishes position as nurv
to care for young children; wages $25. Ad-
dress E. S., 62 Sussex st.. nearr Glen Park.
WANTED— Position by first-class bookkeeper:
thoroughly competent: 7 year3' experience;
first-class references. Box 2224. Call office.
RFFINED girl wants position; $30 to $33 a
month. 3&3S Eighteenth st.
A SWISS would like work by day house clean-
Ing. Bex 24o4. Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced dressmaker's
helper. 2223 Twenty-second st.
JAPANESE young girl wants situation to d>
housework or cookfns: help tn small family.
Address YAIRO. 511 Pine st.
JAPANESE girL wants position la good fam-
ily; plain cook and housework; wages $4
up. Address T. O.. 202 O'Farrell st.
J-APANESH girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking: good family.
K. I.. 530 Stevenson st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaag 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
paHPI.OYaU!CTT VTABTEP- STAI.S.
WANTED — Any good steady eftorwwork or
caretaker, suburbs or small .country town.
help 'around Dlace of trust, elth»r aged In-
valid or kind people only, by young", com-
Pft»nt, reliabl? New Yoik State. American,
willing man. 31: best habits: references; no
teamster; tan milk: reasonable waiccst. Ad-
dress P. J. F., box 21*5*. Call office.
GERMAN, sober, r^liabl^. understands earn of
horJr!«. garden, etc.. can milk, wants situa-
tion on private p!ace; references; city or
country. Bex 2374. Call office.
BY a first-class carpenter, one who has had
charge of work: a thorough mechanic: city
or country. H. N. BKRNHART, general de-
livery. Sacram^ntr*, Cal.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
.room: first-class references. W. BOHLINO,
417 Kearny st.
WANTED— Position, as blacksmith or repair
woodwork on wasor.s and handy man en
ranch: no shoeing; country preferred. J. W.,
131 Taylor st.
WANTED — Work by young man In creamery
or. dairy; no objection to leaving town.
Address box 24ti7. Call of flee.
GARDENER, enertretic young man." 1!> years,
student, wants 1 care of lawn or garden for
¦ room and board. Adress box 24M>. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wantsTidinriTnonr Job la
first-class shop, or Saturdays and Sundays.
Box 237:;. Call office.
STRONG boy. 17 years old. wants work of any
kind. HERBERT McMAN, 101 1 Natoma st.
ELEVATOR operator wants place. G. FARGO.
347 Kfarny Ht.
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man would
like position as manaser of hotel; any ilz#-
Address T. C. KING. Hotel Sequoia. 809
Geary st. f
STRONG young man wants work of any kind;
good driver: not afraid of work: city or coun-
try; references. Box 2433, Call office.
LOCOMOTIVE boiier-maker would like fore-
man position In railroad shop; belong to no
union; experience as a foreman an* manu- -
facturer 35 years. Box 2323. Call office.
AN elderly man with references, very reliable. .
wishes position as elsvator runner or watch-
man: sreaks English French and German.
Box 2320. Call efflce.
INTELLIGENT, refined young man would like
poslMon of trust; will give reasonable bond-
lf necessary; state particulars. Box SMI."
Call office.
ENGINEER wants position: has had 25 years'
experience; can furnish best of reference:
would take position aa handy maa **oun4 1
machinery. Box 2321. Call of flct. ,.
H ATTOBSTEYS-AT-IiAWj C
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
Cth floor: entrance room 611; established 1
j-ears; all cases, general court- and offk
practice; no fes in advance or for consults
. tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces
specialty : private, quick; no pay In advance
mining companies organized ;patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Marker st.: estab. 22 yn
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. <0 EKIs st.. 1
yr«. practice: refs. from many thousands o
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advlc
free; all law busimss; no charge unless sue
cossful: « pen evenings. 927 Market, room 301
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no lees o
costs In advance: all law business: ufflc
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market «.. r-33
ADVICE fr**: divorce costs $12; all cases
Room 4G5, Parrott bldg.. S55 Market st. ¦
L. S. CUARK. 927 Market comultatloi
/ree; no fees in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pensions— SONNTAG'S PAT
ENT & niXSION AGCr.. 214 Pine, 6th floor
ADOFTION.
TO afiept; a healthy blue-eyed girl Infant
MRS. ADAM, ladies' physician, 669A Ellis st
¦ . ASTHMA BEMEDY.
A. Di Nola's Asthma R*medy relieves Instant
' Iy: 10r. 2Bc. 50c. 1602 Market. St. NlchoUi
't BIRDS, COGS, ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $3 each
largest variety degs. birds, cages, etc., at loi
prices. 1641-40 Market »t.
BOOKS. _____
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand bookseller*
removed from 206 Powell St.. to S57 Geary st
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1600: CORNER saloon on Polk St.; rent $:I5
stock of $t500 guaranteed; lease; best location
owner has tu have an operation performe<
cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE. 2tJJ(
Kearnj' st.
A — J2K50; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40
the choicest location in the Mission; placi
established years and' first-class paying; tul
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>»;
Kearny St.
A— J1T5U; GROCERY and bar; located In th«
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms
lease. See R. G. WILKE, 2B»^ Kearny st
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best In thii
city; or owner will take a partner for $S000
this is a most beautiful and best locatec
first-class paying place in this city. Par.
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 2UH Kearny st.
A— $6500; CORNER saloon, establ. many years
and known to be one of the leading and first
class paying lager beer saloons of this city
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance
lease. R. O. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— S1S00; ROADHOUSE. with fine living anc
club rooms; piano, danc* hall, 2 stables, etc.
i well-adveitised . and good-paj-ing house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2*jt£ Kearny st.
A — $«0C0; CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lease; about block from Market and" Ellii
sts.; place doing a rushlns business; valu«
in sightrrwner must leave for the East
See R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $4oO; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; established
5 years, best location on Geary St.; cheat
rent. Particulars R. G. Willie. S6Y a Kearny.
A— ?S50; CORNER saloon; rent $M; located
about 1 block south of Market and Powell
?ts.; a good business; owner engaged in
other busings cause cf sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2G^ Kearny St.
A— J2C0O; CORNER talcon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; own«r bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE,
2C4 Kearny st.
A— $1000: RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael: daily re-
i-eiptK $2."i; rent $::0: good business; value
In siebt; patronized by best class of people.
Se« R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny st.
A— S1000; SALOON in the Potrerb, with 6
room*; rent $50; place established many years;
good business; investigate: this Is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $800: CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
rent $50; place dolns a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 2t> 1 / J Kearny.
A— SiOOO: SALOON, located in Watsonvllle:
rent $47 50; 3 yesrs' lease; a splendid chance;
the-e are only 25 saloons allowed in the
icwn. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26'-;
Kearny st. '.,. : ¦'¦
A— f2.'.C0: LEADING hotel in" the best business
?own SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
<\!ning-ror>m; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior Call R. G.
WIIKE 2Qi$ Kearny st. -
A— 46500: LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' least: value in
sight: one 01 the best offers In Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 K
Kearny st.
A— S225O; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner saloons In this city
d^ily receipts about $40; place clears net
.above $300 oer month; location first-class.
Fee R. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny st.
A— $1COO: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton Ms.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G
WILKE. 2G»$ Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room.
Kitchen and 3ti rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE 2t>U
Kearny st.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lur.ch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; t>lace must be secriflced on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
•VMLKE. 2tt;$ Kearny st.
SALOON, If sold by Monday will sell half or
whol#>: good chance for right man. BERG
& ARMSTRONG, 31 S Kearny st.
* 4 i'£^ PAnTN * ER ' al9 ° P«rtner manufac. bus".
lj£rZr,ll? iri and bar > 30 rooms, good bargain.
*ZtZ -f- ! W J ~~ Restaurant an<1 branch bakeries.
fhS't^l?"" 5 ? 10011 wlth '- ase : *ood bargain.
f>>5O.*.rf«n>— Grocery and bars; stand investlg
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
£300— PARTNER . In light business; "chance~"for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
fS5()— CIGAR More; Meal location; value in
t-iffht; duliy sales $17; r.ent $55.
$1000— 30- room lodging-house; worth $2500
$400— Restaurant; factory dist. ; long lease.
Grocery and bar at invoice; snap.
f.VX^ — Grocery' and liquur store; good trade
Pacific Real Estate Co.. 1035 Market st.
#00— OYSTER and chop housefchoice location"-
average daily receipts. J27 50 now; fine pay-
Ing business. Merchants' Agency, IOCS'/j Mkt.
F15O0-RESTAUIJANT. coffee a^d hTn~clTrMm7;
established 13 years; run by same party; 4
living rocms. well furnished; rent J50- cause
__sickness 1^Merchants^ Agency, 1OO8V4 Market
WANTED— If you have real estate Improved
or untmprovc-d. lodging-house, grocery sa-
loon, butcher shop, delicatessen branch ba-
kery, cigar stand, or a place of business of
any kind for tsale, list It with THE SE\L
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 418-119 Cariaghan
building. 1312 Market st.; tel. Folsom 3488.
f350— WILL- secure a lifelong position "and iiil
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references-
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to - duty. Particulars 1007 Vi
Market St.. room 1. ™
* ; ¦ I ~ '
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over 18
years' standing; selling on account of retiring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 119
Front at., between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
WE. Incorporate and float stock companies- we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott Square!
Buffalo. - '
MANUFACTURING, $75,000; always pays 15
per cent to 30 per cent, according to year;
principals only. Address or call 201 Mills
building. • ' ¦ -~-v*-^.:
SACRIFICE sale — Restaurant, north Market
fU; worth. $350: must sell; any reasonable
N offer takes It. See PATERSON, 873 Market.
FOR sale— Grocery., and bar; ~42 years estab*
Hefted In one place; doing a pood business;
ateo a 5 years' lease. Inquire 890 Filbert st.
ACTIVE young man wanted; steady" place";
will pay $f»0 to each per month; cash capital
required. $250. 632 Market St.. room 6.
K. FINE drugstore at low price; owner having
gone to Philippines. Call at m McAllister
et.. bet. 10:30 and 11:30 a. m.
3OOD paying bakery; fine store ; trade: tor
t*™,*.!^* CTea - t B *eriflce, .HAWKS/A
MEHRTEN8..7th and R,.R.ave.. Alameda.
>1300 BUYS the best saloon In town of 2000
inhabitants: don't buy until • you see this.
California Investment Co.." 777 % Market st.
3ENTLEMAN wlth~ r $200~can secure offlcTpol
»i tion ; $ < 0 a mon th ; money secured. 1221
Market St.. room 1. • 7
* PARTY with money for pushing an unre-
fillable. bottle. . B. HUGHES, 421 Hyde st.
THE^CALL
JOHN D. SPHKCIvKLS. . . .Proprietor
Address Communication* to
JOHN McXAUGHT .... .Manager
W. J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect l'ou With the Department You Wlsn.
Publication Office Market und Third. S. F.
i^iitoria! Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson *t.
Delivered by Carriers 20 Ctr. Per 75
Ci* Per Month Single Copies. 5 CU.*-
Ternu by Mail. Including Postage tCasn \Mtn
Order) :
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year..fS.M
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4A*)
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •««
SCKDAY CALL. 1 Year «¦¦**>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Ytar .- -LOO
r^ior-T^-x. f Dally... *S.6O Per Tear Extra.
ES?JFJS£ \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. (weticly. 1C0 Per Year Lxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ABE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Carorle Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail eub*criber« in ordering change of ad-
<Jr**» should be particular to Kive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quett.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IC16 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21 «S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Square: Murray HTC1 Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cue Hottl and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P O. Newn Co.; Great
Northern Hot»l; Treraont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: '
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building '
<Lon« Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
C*!l. corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every nlebt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: -
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. rn.
r:T Montgomery street corner Clay; open
until 6:30 p. m.
."00 Have? street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<"3« McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
< 15 Larkin street; opep until 8:30 p. m.
Ufl Mission street; open until 10 p. tn.
£2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
¦until 9 p. m.
J06 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. ra.
J036 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
SCorttaesat corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuckv streets : open until 9 pm.
Z2<b Fi'.Imore street: open until 9 p. tn.
MSETIKG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comir.sr.dery No. 1. K. ttjg
T.— Regular assembly THIS EVEN- ftfip^
I.VG at 7:U0. Order of Temple. All fjf
'raters oourteously invited. '^r
CHARLES M. PLUM. Com.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
LA PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17, ro
K. & A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY. W
July 22. 1^04. at S p. m. First de-
Erc-e. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. JULLIKN, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. & A. m
M — Called meeting on FRIDAY. July**Af
~. K-^4. at 1 o'clock p. m.. at Ma- /^\
. bubIc Temple, to attend the funeral
of c-jr deceased brother. Henry Knop. By
order of the W. M. ..:.- "-;-**
. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretarj-.
PA CIFIC LODGE No. 136. fT and A ®
M.. will meet THIS EVENING. 7:30YY
o'clock. '2 D
G EORG E_PENL.INGTOX. Sec. .? v
?AN FRANCISC0l^d~^T : .~D.r>7lLnli i~
tw, • V-, Mi " :rn T «niple— 2d degree Vy
3r ufe W M AY * l S P- "' By °^ r /V\
A. A. ANDERSON. Tem. Secretary.
APOLLO Ledfe No. IC1. I. O. O. F. •••»ar"'-
— Third dr-cree THIS (FRIDAY)^SZlik'Z-
M ;HT, July SI. S o'clock tharp.
\ ieitors cordially invited.
A. BEHREND, N. G.
W. r. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
I'RI^IDIO Lx.dje No. 334. I. O O. .. k . .,
K.— Initiation THIS < FRIDAY) ;t*aSE»5fc
EVENING. Julj -^2. Visitor? w el"-^SB§p!
ARTHUR COLDEWE. n'. G.
W. H. SHARPE. Secretarj'.
EUREKA Lodce No. 9. K. of P., 309 -ff»
Mavkct »t.— l'a^e and Enquire rank ViS'//
THfi (FRIDAY) EVENING. A 7£*<5/
'raternal welcome to members and SC'ZrE
visitors. W. CRONIN. C. C. -^^N
J. W. C. EEATTIE, K. of R. and S.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, K. of P..
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING V^E^/
, at 7:30 o'clock sharp. Pioneer build- ,O»&
Ing. '2i Fourth et. Esquirs Rank £ffij£C
conferred en a class of eizht. Vis- «-**'^
itor* invited. F. O. MOLU C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S. '.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. y^SSS^^.
K O. T M.— Review THIS f^^^-^icik
• FRIDAY) EVENING at 8 /j£j ,A vF>3
'.;<lotk. Pioneer Hall. L? Ijj .7? MAJ
D. B. RICHARDS. *Qgki!t3&r
Record Keeper. xS*y?y^
THE Roard of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold the regular meet'nl
znd examination in the Civil Servic^Tom
m ls *;en. City Hall. f= an Francis^ Ca J ™.
JTUM. X -i and 4. 1901. beginning at 10 a mT
Credentials thouid he fil^l with the «^
lary wm* days before the rumination
. GEORGE G. GERE. M. D "^LcreUry.
THE California Debrl« Commission having re
relv«J applications to mine by h"driu^o
process :rcm E. A. Moodv. in Good Luck
mine near Gold Run. PUcir CouS? Q? •
drsining into fcqulrea Cre^k. which reach*.
ing into middle fork of American R?v^ %*£'
-upur C 3 m,,any will be held at the o'fic.
w - " HANNam: Secretary
ire cf the stockholders^Sf r t hS .f' T m '
County Water Company win hi I Monterey
cjflce of the comply* 327 Market «" & •
, ». 11. HANNAM. Secretary
AL'GI'STUP TAYLOR. F^retary.
_^^ AQEHTS WAHTEB. ~
AGENTS wanted to sell our hlgB-^-rade~nnr
S5JS2? liberal commission; cT.^dv.^ :
vf. order* outfit free; experience and capital
rot Btceteary if you have push and energy-
• few choice^ fields rtill open; wrlu betow
agrlgned Chlco Nursery Co.. Chico. Cal.
A RARE opportunity for a few good Insurance
men. Room 218. Emma Spreckels building.
ATJTOMOBH.ES.
TWO gasoline propelled touring cars' In ex-
cellent condition for sale cheap A D t
YOXOE. lies Potrcro ave.. city. '
BARGAIN — CADILLAC: teiU four; canopy
top; in fine condition. Box 233L Call office, j
WANTED — Rambler automobile. "Address with
price, etc.. box 19S7. Call office.
FOR eale— White Steam Touring Car; gooi or-
der; 11300. Boi 2255. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for S cent* — The Weekly Call. '.
16 pafrs, in wrapper, for mailing. %\ per year. *
....An Original and Useful Novelty....
Tree to want advertiser^
IN NcX 1 \3UinDAY ,!S CALL
WORLD'S, PAIR JOOTHPiCKS
— (I 9 A.TE1TTE3ID)
In-Estes' Pofisfed and Engraved Turned-Wooden Boxes
These are the genuine "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks, put up in handsomely engraved
and polished boxes. The engraving is in colors, directly on the wood (not a label), and the
» boxes are hand polished in the natural color of the wood, thus displaying to the best advantage
the fine grain of the silver white birch from which they are made. In a word, it makes a very
artistic package, and the most attractive novelty of this kind yet produced.
The "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks themselves are so familiar as to hardly need de-
scription — they are rounded, polished and sliverless, and admittedly the finest and most popular
American pick on the market, and are sold in every section of this country.
In Polished '
The above cut is fac-simile of the package and exact size of box. The cover is engraved
in red and black, and as the cut reads. The box has a very neat appearance, and is filled with
about 300 of these popular, high-class toothpicks. When empty box makes a very suitable re-
ceptacle for hairpins, cuff, collar buttons, etc., and is a valuable and ornamental addition to any
dresser. The premiums are free to Want Advertisers in Sunday Call only. Gifts given Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third atre«ta:
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; opon until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
(15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; opea until !mh \
10G Eleventh street; open until 9p. m.
1008 Valencia street; open Until 9 p. m. " -^ ~~
Northeast corner Chorch and Duncan streets; open tmtll 9 p. m. /
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. • •
OAKLAND OFFICH:
1018 Broadway. .........Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE!:
2148 Center Street. Telephone North 77
• ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's B,ook Store. . .' Park 8trt;ft'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1004.
13
MOHEY TO LOAK— Contfcined^^_
, „..„.„. W ill""loan
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
¦ Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
. Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc
' Box 490. Call offlce.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy, payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolnian, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4. •
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2'> Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes ani other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
I STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
[ employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Blc bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1)4 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner buildlnc.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, blr ptanos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; pianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine lina of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 in-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year s
rental allowed off purchase, price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660-64 Hayes st
A FEW exceptional, bargains; all uprights:
Heine grand. $475; Gabler. $350; Krell. $375;
Heine. $235; Steinway, $315; Mason & Ham-
lln, $285; Knabe, $160; Fischer, $115; Behr
Bros., $187; Crown. $140; Klmball, $65; Em-
erson. $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $97;
Collard, $55; Investigate our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland,
1252 Broadway.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent
comprising such makes as Chlckerlng, Vose,
Steinway, Steck, Sterling, Curtaz, Neuman,
Erard. Haines and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free for one month; if you. want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st
FOR rent— Piano, good condition; Emerson
square; $2 or less; one month free. MR.
JENKINS. 343 Sutter st
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
In July and August BRUENN. 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$60 FOR a fine upright If you want a bargain
- call at HOKNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $85.
PTATHAM. -110 McAllister st .
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steiaway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnyer, little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OmCES AKT) STOBE3 TO LET.
MARKET, 915— To rent for term of years, one-
. half of store-room; best retail location in
Ban Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post «t
TO let— Store and bar; 4 rooms; stable, 4 stalls;
can be used for anything. Apply 338, Thlr-
tleth st.
,—^.n^ PEBSOHAXS. '
A— MME. GILLINGHAM,
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell st. between O'Farrell and Ellis;
• she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfeet bagglness of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox plttings. etc.; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mall or person: I will take patients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
A SUIT cr overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready -made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st, S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scadp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses *calp; at druggists', halrdreesers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Polk.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited;'' strictly con-
fldentlal. Box 3234, Call offlce.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 32S Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AA — OLD tableware neatly plated as good as
new; knives, forks and si>oons done very
. reasonable. 012 Howard st.
ATTENTION— Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; perm.
Beatrice St. John. Hair Spec. 426 Sutter st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and Jl 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT,
FURNITURE CO.. 310 Post st. near Powell.
O.— VERY unhappy; have not seen anything
yet; let me know something by O. D. G.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. QARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
' Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bash and Dupont
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
¦ catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS, Eaton, electric needle specialist 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 610 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
Mrs.C.V,Whltnej\palmlst: hours 10 to 12, 2~~to
5; parties, entertainments a speclalty.711 Folk.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. fTp^ MEDINA*, at"
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS AWD , ST7BOEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021H Market st.. bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin am! rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073VJ Market st
REMOVED— DR. W0NG~HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo.
cated at B67 Geary st; near Leavenworth.
DR. > TONG PO CH Y. successor to . Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONQ WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
DR. /WONG HON.. 319 Powell «t., tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
AN exceptlcnnlly eood No. 2 Remington, No. 1,
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st '
2D-HAND typewriters sold. . rented, repaired.
Webater Typewriting Insp*c Co., 603 Market *
BEAL ESTATE— 43ITT-- FOB SAIiS.
FIRST time en the market. 4 fine level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner l«th
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; Just the place for
house* or flats; only $00 per front foot
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN A SON.
22 Montgomery st
$1 25 PER week; no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 8.
A THREE-STORY pressed brick building In
Oakland; three stores and 25 rooms above and
sll leased; lot 50x100; in the very business
center; building cost over $40,000 and lot is
worth $20,000; this property can be bought
for $37,000: I must have money at once.
Address Owner, box 1258, Call offlce. Oakland
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on ycur property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
gtallm«»nts less thin rent; send for circular.
$500 DOWN: balance $25 per month: cottage
5 rooms and bath on 24th st car line.
$2.800 — House of 6 room* and bath on West
Park st.; must sell, going away.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission «t.
1 BLOCK of new Colonial flats near Park, 8
rooms, bath, cheap for cash: also on easy
payments; B st, bet. 3d and 4th aves.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 83C Howard st.
; RICHMOND BEAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege, on Santa Fe
I and electric roads; land $300 per ace; Jots
(10x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st.S.F.
SAXT MATEO BEAL ESTATE. '
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; »i cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees: well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
' Fair Oaks — Land In best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded: In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building Immediately.
SELBY. RODOERS & CO..
Telephone Main 673 116 California st
BEAL ESTATE— COTTUTBY — For 8 ale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
643 Market st. '
TWENTY acres land near Red Bluff: Cotton-
wood colony: $67 50 net Box 2703, Call.
BEAL ESTATE TO EICHAWQE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE S07-808 CALL BUILDING.
It is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of It for you, MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don f t
take up cither our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless- we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbered, partly Improved
or unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian Rtver sectlcn; Berkeley property con-
sists of 0-room residence, lot 45x134. with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive: In desirable residence section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
drew box 4027. Call offlce. ¦ -
ALAMEDA ADTERT'S'M'TS
ALAMEDA BEAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL 10-room residence In Alameda:
lot 60x150. Owner. 016 Market S. F.. room 93.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BEBKELEY BEAL ESTATE.
6 ACRES In the heart of town, with cottage,
windmill. 4000-gal tank, large barn, cow
shed and buggy shed; fronting on macada-
mized street tor sale at a bargain; there's
money in It
JOS. J. MASON.
SE. Cor. Shattuck and Center St
MODERN bungalow. 5 rooms, bath, etc., gas
and electricity: lot 35x115; good location;
above Telegraph ave.: price $2200; cash $200
balance like rent: $25 monthly. H. C. IR-
WIN. Lorln station, South Berkeley. Open
Sundays.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— New 6-room house. 1257 Allston
way. Berkeley; rent $14; key next door. :
FEUITVALE ADVERT ? S ? TS
r BTJTTVALE BEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADYERT ? S ? M ? TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
Chicago. 111., July 6. 1904.
J. S. MYERS. Real Estate Agent
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
Dear Sir — I want you to sell my house on
Edwards street at once. Reduce the price
to $3750. It has cm me $4500. The house
Is new, has seven rooms and bath. I had
It built for a home and It Is first-claas In
every way; open plumbing; » combination
gas fixtures; lot Is 60x125; fronts south;
mortgage of $2500 can remain. I make this
reduction in price so as to realize on It at
once. Respectfully. LOUIS D. REEB, Pal-
mer House, Chicago. 4
The above mentioned property Is a flrst-
clasa place; It Is near the Key Route station
on Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street.
The street Is 80 feet wide, macadamized and
cement walks and Is a first-class neighbor-
hood. It la. positively a big bargain, and to
' see it means to buy It.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$500 CASH will buy you a modern 6-room 2-
story house, with stable; lot 40x107; only 2
minutes' walk to Key route station; balance
account principal and Interest only $24 per
month; apply at once. Box 1207. Call of-
- flee. Oakland.
TOB SALS.
TO-MORROW the day foPbarwlnirinrfurnN
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st.cor.store,Oakland.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
_^ BOOMS rOBHOTTSEgEEPnTQ.
CALIFORNIA. 1304— Sunny front bay-window
mom and kitchen, connecting; reasonable ;
no children.
EDDY. 523—2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. - ¦_-..¦ ••¦> *
EDDY, 933 — 4 finely furn. or unfurn. rooms-
private- residence; fine location; phone; ref.
ELLIS, 117S — Sunny front alcove and kitchen,
bath, phone, etc.; rent $20; no children.
FIRST. 228. near Howard — 5 sunny house-
keeping rooms; business center; rent mod-
erate. • ¦-'-,
FOLSOM. 1797, cor. Fourteenth. — 2 sunny bay-
window and regular kitchen; furnished for
housekeeping: gas and bath; $18.
FURNISHED sunny suites; all complete for
housekeeping; gas, bath, phone: a quiet and
pleasact home; near park and City Hall; $13
up. St. James. McAllister and Laguna sts.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311 — Sunny furnished
room for light housekeeping; no children -
private family: $10.
HAIGHT. 222— a nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple; phone; references; call
1 to 4, 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON. 731 — Front and back parlor; fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15.
rUKSITu'RS WAHTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1125 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7C1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, olfice fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED— Carpets; must be In good condition.
Address bcx 2213. Call office.
C1IAS. LEVY & CO. pay hifihest price for fur-
niture.carrets.etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Girl, general housework, Alameda,
$^0; Ucss Vallsy. 2 in family. $:W; Palo Alto,
4 In family, no wash, $.(<>; Protestant girl,
pencrnl housework, no wash. Menlo Park.
$.'50; German or Scandinavian girl, general
housework, ft in family, plain wash. Rtrd-
wood City, $-'5j; general housework, no wash.
San Jose," 130. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Eatter st.
WANTED— Neat Protestant second girl. San
Maleo, ?25. see lady here at offlce this p. m.;
seccn,] girl. Mcnld Park. $2S; chambermaid
and waitress, country hotel, *2S; 2 chamber-
maids and waitresses, family hotel, city.
fj't; chambermaid and waitress, country
bctcL *2.">: neat waitress for new cafe, tray
work. *6 per week; waitress, country hotel,
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334
I Sutter st.
WANTED— Flrst-cls^s German cr French
cook, no wash. $40; 6 cooks. German style,
plain wash. $:;o?. Protestant nuroe for dorm-
lury work. $20; pastry cook, delicatessen.
$40; 2 croks. delicatessen. $25 and $30;
young nurce girl. $15; 18 girls for very nice
families, general housework in city. $25;
woman cock ar.d her husband as kltch-n
helper. $50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
«X>.. 334 Sutler st.
A — INVALID nurse German preferred, to go
to Santa Cruz; wages $30 MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter ft.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslngr,
msnlcuring. etc. : trsde tsught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition *5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
s. sohool in West. 233 Geary st., room 12.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons tsught irom start to finish
in one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
Halrdrei-sing. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous halr:$5 2
wks.; dsy. eve. clacv; positions secured, highest
trages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WANTED— First-clans alteration hand: on«
who understands fitting. Apply between 9
_ and 11 a. m. st HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goodg wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' I
WANTED — Young girl for housework; 2 In
fsmlly; good home; references; wages $18.
r.S13 California st and Twenty-second ave.;
Put™ cars.
G LADY barbers wanted: guarantee $15 per
week. COLEMAX'S, Mutual Bank build-
Ing, room S06.
GIP.L. Fmall family; $20. 26 Fifth ave.. north
of Lake. tt.
GIRL for housework, small family; no chil-
dren; a good home; $15. 614 Eddy st.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A Scandinavian or German woman
to assist forenoons in kitchen. Call at
510 Turk st., aft-r 1 p. m.
GIRL3 -wanted — To make 5-pound grape bas-
kets. Capitol Basket Co.. 430 Fifth st.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops in Augrat
Write E. Clemens Horst 122 Battery st.S.F.
A BRANCH eince of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAJTTZD— MAI.E.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp Offlce
429 Bush st 042 Clay st
BIG TUNNEL. -NORTH EUREKA CAL.
Cornermen, muckers $2 75-$2
Half-fare free — Steamer sails to-day.
For Southern CaJIfornia Fare $4 60
R. R. teamsters ;$;>
Brickmakers, woodcutters ' -woodsmen, pick
and ehovel men; wages $2-$2 25. To go north
Farm hand, north ..$20
All-round baker, country shop.... $15 wk. fd
Cook, small restaurant country
Porters, waiters, bell, elevator boys
A houseman who can lay carpets $30
A fireman who can burn oil $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ..Employment Offlce
429 Bush st 642 Clay st
SEVEN carpenters, country. $4 day; coach-
man and wife. $50; married carpenter for
mine, $3 day; farmer and wife, $.">5 and
found, see boss here; barker. $40 and found-
acd others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., B28
Sacramento st
COOK. 25 boarders, country. $40; baker, coun-
try shop, $13 week and found: second cook
country hotel, $50 and found, fare advanced;
cook, country chop house, $:i5; boarding-
house cock, $40 and found; cook and wife for ,
Institution, $50 and found; and others. J. F
CROSETT & CO.. (S3 Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU
642 Commercial st near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833— JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Cook. camp, south, $50 found; cook, camp,
$.'»5 found; 3 more carpenters, steady Jobs,
$sn found. Arizona — lc mile. Farmers and
milkers; 10 laborers, $2 25 day; 20 roust-
a±>out laborers, telephone and pipe line, $45
to $52 60 found; 2 # machine miners, $90 mo.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st
3 men to wheel brick, long Job, In country
$2 75 per day.
Laborer*. Monterey County, work all sum-
mer. $2 25.
Laborers, Fresno County $2 25.
Arizona R. R. work, $10 75 fare.
Big R. R. Job. laborers wanted.
San Bernardino County, teamsters. $2.
WANTED — Your.g man about 20 years of age
who has had some experience In men's fur-
nishings. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced domestic^ salesman
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
wash goods salesman. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
drapery salesman. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Cash boys from 13 to 15 years of
age. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings
YOUNG man of good habits to do offlce work;
$30 per month; must have small capital.
Call 1015 Market gt.. room 4.
WANTED — Salesman for domestic department
Apply superintendent's offlce. The Em-
porium.
WANTED— Barber: Saturday and Sunday;
union wages. 30S3 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday nights and Sunday
forenoons. 219 Broadway. ¦ ¦¦.,-
BARBER wanted for Fridsy afternoon, Satur-
day and Sunday. 623 Clay st.
BARKER for Saturday at 605 Fourteenth st.
Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— Tailor for repairing shop; cleaning
.and pressing. 260 Third «t
BOOTBLACK for first-class country place.
FIRST-CLASS sober barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 618 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS wagon blacksmith wanted. 812
Gough et.
GOOD wages paid to portrait agents. Call
after 3 p. ra. at 1005 Howard st.
BOY to attend a dumb elevator and make him.
self generally useful. 29 Stockton et.
MAN manage outside business; pays good
. wages. 1118 Market et.. room i. ,
THREE-CHAIR Jarfcer «ho"p7 no~reascnable of.
fer refused. lCOO Valencia st
ERRAND boy wanted; must have references;
cttady position and advancement for rieht
boy. KIRK. GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary st
BOT wanted in tin chop. £33 Mission st -
WANTED — First-class car builders. Arnlv at
210 Fremont st vv y al
BARBERS — For sale, good paying two-chair
barber shop. Ccrner Fourteenth and Folsom.
BARBERS — 3 barber chairs for sale for $10
th«> lot 1S9I Folrom st.. near Fifteenth.
LABOR debts collected: eults, attachments
Law acd Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy. r. 119.
HTIf WAWTEP — MALE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 03J-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
ttO.OOO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
SANTA FE R. R.
Is good to us. We nre good to you.
920 Miles $9 20
ARIZONA.
Via Prescott. 8 P. M. Dally.
Drillers. $3 to $3 50. Center
Teamsters. $2 to $2 50 of
Laborers, $2 to $2 50. Great Mines.
BIG GOOD MINES.
15 miners. $82 50. ,
4 furnace men. $40 and found.
. 3 tlmbermen. $82 50 and found.
Fireman, gold and copper mine. $25 found.
. . CARPENTERS.
32 carr*nters, 10c fare. $3 day.
9 carpenters, city Jobs. $3 to $4 day.
3 carpenters and suir builders, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, shop work, fare 30c. $40 found.
Butcher, shop, etc., 25c fare, boss here. $50.
Young man. drive butcher wagon. 10c fare.
Butcher all-round man, Alameda County.
Butcher, tend market, drive wagon and
slaughter.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs. $3 to $4 day.
Blacksmith, no shoeing, little woodwork, $3.
Carriage blacksmith, fare $1 25. $3 to $3 60.
Blacksmith. Monterey Co.. $2 60 day.
Blacksmith, fare 25c, $3 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook, city hotel, $50 and found.
I 2 second cooks, city, country hotels, $35 fd.
I Walter mine, southeast. $30 found.
I Walter, camp, fare $1 50, $30 found.
12 cooks, different places. $30, $50. $60.
« waiters, $30 to $40 and found.
12 dishwashers. $6, $7, $8 week.
Laundryman. Institution. $40.
4 porters. 2 bellboys.
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETO.
Gang edgerman. boss here. $75.
Night buggy washer, harness cleaner, $1« 50.
Cement finisher, country.
Head donkeyman. woods, fare $2. $65 found.
Man. charge vinegar plant. $20 week.
Head lineman, woods. $75 and found.
Shingle Jointer, country. $35 and found.
2 men, make sash weights, city Job.
4 plumbers, $4.
6 iron molders.
5 wheelwrights, carriage works.
Grader, lumber company, north. $90.
Tall edgerman. fare $3; $2 25 day.
Spooltender. lumber co., south, $50 found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady, 10c barrel.
2 lumber graders, boss here, $90. '
Lumber grader, boss here. $3 day.
Gang edgerman. lumber company. $75.
a men make staves and oplit staves, red-
wood, boss here. $50 and found.
. 2 screw turners; 2 carriage setters; hook
tender.
Gang chnrenal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $30. $35. $40 and found.
12 farmers, $30 and found.
14 choremen, boys, $30 to $15 and found.
12 6tablemen. $30 and found. $60, $75.
4 farmers and wives $40. $50. 160 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
TO LOS ANGELES. $4 60.
By Santa Fe R. R., 8 p.m. dally.
155 teamsters; $C0.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
BAKER. Santa Cruz County, $14 week and fd.
Baker's helper, fare $1 60. $40 and. found.
Waiter, Eureka, fare paid. $S -week and fd.
155 WOODCHOPPERS.
155 TIEMAKERS.
LOOK.
Leverman for dredger. $70 and found.
2 carpenters, fare $1 »O. $3 50 day.
Rough carpenter, build fence, city, $78.
Tinsmith. 9 hour Job. $3 50 day.
Brick burner, boss here, $75.
Machinist, country shop. $3 day.
Blacksmith's helrer. lumber company. $10 fd.
LOOK.
Single entry bookkeeper and storekeeper,
mine: boss here: call early; JS2 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required; positions Becured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
AN experienced, sober. Industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department in a store
situated not far from San Francisco: would
. _ prefer an unmarried man from 23 to 30
years of age. Address box 1802. Call office.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for fre« cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1085 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous«.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
!RUi«on ave., St. Louis, Mo.
MEN and women to learn the barber trade In
five weeks: new method: paid while learn-
ing. HAIGHTS. C47 Commercial st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade: paid while
learning. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
A profitable outing; pick hops In August Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.,122Battery st.S.F.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BullIs, r.40, Phelan bid*.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post O. A. R.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts ot
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 85c night; rea'dlng-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Oc. r>«3 Mission nt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
H0BSE8AITD WAGONS.
FOR SALE— 2 PAIRS OF HACKNEY-BRED
HORSES. 4 AND 6 YEARS OLD: EX-
TRAVAGANT ALL-ROUND ACTION:
SOUND AND THOROUGHLY BROKEN TO
ALL ROAD NUISANCES. APPLY JAY &
EIDEBOTTOM. REDWOOD CITY; PHONE
216 SUBURBAN.
GOOD second-hand hack, top rockaway, tan-
dem and lady's villas* cart, top wagon and
phaeton, cheap at O'BRIEN'S, cor. Polk at
and Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Young bay driving team, $350. J.
PEARD. 027 Market gt., room 302; call 0
a. m. to 3:30 p. m. ; phone Howard 1534.
COUPE, new; suitable for doctor or family;
never used; sell at a sacrifice. Club Stables,
Twelfth and Harrison sts., Oakland.
FOR «ale— 85 head of broke and unbroke
horses weighing from 1100 to ISOOi, pounds.
- Inquire at 1945 Union st
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — 1 large platform wagon, 3 express
wagons. 1 covered wagon for camping. 233
Beale st
BARGAIN — For sale, horse, wagon and har-
ness In first-class condition. 720 Pacific st.
LARGE team. $40: pacer. $20; camp team, out-
flt sale or rent; buggy, cart. 2728 Bryant.
WAGON for 6ale: one fruit 'wagon to carry 4
tons. 426 Ninth gt. '
NICE little saddle mare; young, sound, gentle"
$100. Pennsylvania Stable. 1523 Howard st
FOR sale — An easy riding buggy; good run-
ning order. Box 2229, Call offlce.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1C15 Market St., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys.buggles. wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
' HOTTSES TO I.BT.
A— PRINTED lUtof houses to let;send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBBEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
$37 CO— SUNNY 0-room bouse. 1SS2 Green
st. near. Lasruna.
HOUSES JTO LET- PUENI3EED.
TAYLOR. 1416. nr. Jackson, overlooking bay — .
Comfortably fur.house.7 roorns.bath; open 1-4.
PIERCE, 47. cor, Duboce Park— Desirable new
sunny cottage; 7 rooms; furn. or unfurn.
COTTAGES WANTED. '
WANTED — To rent a 4 or 5 room cottage, with
yard, in the Mission. 126% Langton st
WASTE)- MsJe — Con.
;¦-}"" -irxT employers want pcslUon as hook-
! •;er cr f^Mtr for a tried, trusty, capable
rrvl thoroughly lioiiert man; consolidation of
two firm* necessitates hi» re*;mat!on which
present i-mj<lcyers accept unwillingly and re-
gnthOir. Bex Call offlce.
GKI'.MaS, slut, understands care of horses,
tarritn, can milk, wants situation. Box
l.ir>«?. ?"¦II office.
TorNG man desires position as cashier with
f:s> tcT security. Address S15 Fourth st.
£.in Fra:.cisco, Cal. .
EXPEBT mechanic, tocl designer, etc.; 10
rears, in chart'--; fcich-grad«! Eastern refer-
-nce*. p-x lgr.1. Call efflce.
MAN. young. <W!r*s erifcasement; good at any
kind of mwhnnical work; hou«-e or machinery
n-palrs^ Addrem box 24M. Call office.
A YOUNG ccuple *i»hes position la hotel or
bobs* r.i'-e private place In »xthar.ge fur room
sad board; Hly on!y. 92.>i£ ICIsjsIoa st.
POPTTION wanted as bookkeeper or proof-
retdor: no cbjertiou to leaving city. Box
C140. Call office.
TO tailors— FirM-class Swedish cutter, sge 39
ycr*. of practical rxperiecce, seeks situation.
Box 244T), CaU offlce.
il.l'DLE-AGED handy man wants work; pri-
» ate p'.ace. Adores* J. L. H.. box 2322. Call.
A SALESMAN «e*!re« position with rood firm:
reference* and bond. Box l?4O. Call offlce.
Ptmter. paper-hsnger. signwriter, wants work;
•ools fur. 127? Fclsrm et.: phone Mint 131.
A JAPANEPF hich school student wants a
rc-*lUon ¦« •"-hoolboy in small family: $2
»eek; rlein cook or waiter. GEORGH
6AKA. box 2376. Call.
JAPANESE faithful young man desires a
rla-'e as *«-r.r,olboy cr plain housework '.a
' fxvJ f«r-.!!y: hs* experience. FRANK TASU,
ca«-e Ide Co.. 207 Pattery ft., city.
JAPANESE neat and energetic, wants work
for »••» neaevare to Et. Louis fair; under- •
erand« r*ntl*mwTe. c»re. YOIN. C33 Butter.
JAPANTSE achoolboy wishes ooettlon In a
smaM family. I. O.. Japanese Gospel So-
ri-ty. 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE exprieceed chamber «wker wsnts
•situation In ferr.ily or hotel. T. GEORGE.
121 Haight ft.
A JAPANESE young boy wants position as
c-hooJboy in *ma!! family. K. M., 1225 De-
vi.'ai'em st.; tel. Scott 548.
A JAPANESE young boy warts a position ss
cnok In family; city or country- K. M.. 931
Pecramento rt.
JAPANESE, honert eehoolboy. wants position
in cms 11 family; dn cooking anl wait on ta-
ble. JOE. 9 Mearham place.
A JAPANESE boy wishes a position as an ap-
prentice in a photograph!? rtudio; has much
? iperier.re. T. M., SSS Jessie^t.
JAPANESE wants r»o*lUon as n!ce waiter on
table or onok in family. J. N.. tel. Scott
M*. 122.% Devissdera et-
A JAPANESE Njj- wants position to work in
dnur. or Jewelry store. NAKAYAMA, 509
Bush it.
. JAPANESE fir»t-c!a»s cock wants position in
private family: have references. EMOTO,
1:0 GcWen Gate ave.
JAfAXESE couple want places; maa as cook;
«lfe waiter: have references. 1206 San
" PaWo ave.. Oakland.
JAPANESE wsnts situation cleaning and dye-
ing cloth: with tx**t experience. F. ODA-
MUP.A. 41SB Larkin St.
JAPANESE would like to work one hour to get
r.ic* room near downtown. GEORGE, 432
Sutter st.
A JAPANESE boy wants petition as school-
boy rr housework. Address 1544 Polk «t.
JAPAXESE couple want places; man as plain
cook, wif*- do do housework. Box 2465, Call.
wants a position as school boy.
Afidrets U. IX.. 611 Stockton st.
A JAPANESE boy wants to work as schoolboy.
_HERAO. 190S Polk St.; phone Larkin 1017.
A GOOD Japanese wants to do housework, f?
NAG ATA. 19O8 Polk Et. ; phone Larkin 1017!
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy. 14M Fulton st.; j'hone Page 4075.
JAPANESE bey wants a r>o«ltlon as echool-
. boy. S39 Stevenson St., FRANK IUDATE.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position to
work; csn 60 cooking. FUJI. 250 Jessie st.
A FIRFT-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
in fair.iiy or bcardmg-houce. T. J., 1002 Du-
por.t ft.
CHINESE rood cork derires a place In family;
city reJemces. Box 2709, Call; phone China,
146. between 9 asd 11 a. m.
A CHINESE schoolboy wants to clean offlce or
cook for email family. Address Y. S., 909
Clay st.
CHINESE r~^d cook desires a place in family;
city references. Box 2708, Call; phone China
14*i. bxwffn 10 and 12 a. ra.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EICEAgQE.
I HAVE lone nicely located lots in city will
exchange for automobile. Addreaa box 2212.
Cail office.
FLATS TO LIT.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list,
•d in our free renting department; over 1000
in cumber; a combined list from all agencies;
. let v^ give yoo a list and help you to find
a place; we never fall; service free
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1033 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOTKES and Cats to let: an Immens* list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will cave yon time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-2S9
Geary gt_. on the square.
RONDEL rlare, 22. near Sixteenth and Valen-
cia ats. — Modern flat, fi rooms and bath;
rest $18.
NICE new Cat of 6 rooms aa3 bath. 2 toilets,
cpen plumbing; very cheap. 0C3 Hayes it,
between Flllrr.rre and Steiner.
N^>E. 1050— Beautiful new flat; eunny corner;
B rooms &ad bath; all modern improvements;
convenient to Cartro and 24th-st. cars.
CASTRO. 421. rr. 17:h— Sunny belt; modern
upper French eusry 11 rooms; balcony;
grar.3 view; c:nv. for 2 farnl'.le.s: $40; stable.
MODERN 5-ro^m flat: rent $17. Apply at lKfl
Bar.ta Clara ave.. Alarceda.
JfETV eleiranj flats. 6 rooms, bath; near Park-
tinted; $21! 50. B gt. and Fourth ave.
UNION. 1537— STarlr.e view, renny ; 6 room*.
B V£5*. J^H—i" rooms; rent $11. A^pTy
FOUR rurrr rooms and bath for famliy~of
•dult*. SOOJIampshlre »t., corner Twentieth.
GROVE. 790— Moiern~mTdaie~natr"« rooms"
bath; storeroom; adults. '
HAIUUSON, K^Fine modern new Cat of «
rooms; reasonable, to responsible party.
LAKE. 742— New e-room flat; rent $25; ma-
rlne view.
f 25— NEW «unr.y C room; all modern; no car
fere. Leroy Sacramento and Jones.
FLAT of 4 rcorr.sTbath. cellar and yard. 324
Wa!!er *t.
FII.LMORE. 1124. corr.er-7 large, light rooms
• r.d bath: modern: r»nt $40.
NEW eJeg»r.t flats. 6 rooms, bath* near Park-
tinted: $23. B st. and Fourth ave.
MASONIC eve.. I3O4A, t!esr~Waller st— A
modern fiat cf 7 sunny rooms; rent $30.
LAP.OEST list of house* and flats to let Call
on LYON ft HOAG. 116 Mcnteomery st
ra ATS to i^gT—riraariggEP.
HA1G*TI\ 1236. Buena Vltta. corT'central ave-
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
r- u>t tas all conveniences and is situated ta
•eiect neighborhood.
HYDE. 731— Beautifully furn'rhed. modern flat
7 rooms: piano, phone; rent $'0; 2 to 4 p. m.
PINE. H'5.1 — Nicely furnished. «unn>~ 8-room
f'.iit: .niino: reasonable; C monthi to 9 years.
rxTBaiTUUB roa sai.e.
YOU can bny $75 worth cf furniture for $7 SO
down and $1 50 p*r week. T. Brilliant s
Furniture Co.. 340 Post it., near Votreii.
SIDEBOARD, folding bed. front and back par.
lor carpets and piano for sale. 418 Hyde st
GOING East: will sell all cr part of furniture*
call at once. 12i'» Park ave.. Alameda.
Arderscn Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market
furnishes everything for the bouse -.low prices.
FT'TlNITLTiE stoves, bourtt rcld. exchanged.
PrirrTT. 4C9 Ya.'iacia.rjr.lUfa. Tel. Church 3S79.
BOOM3 _ FOB , HOUBEnETOO-gm.
HARRISON. 74S— Housekeeping room. $7: gas.
laundry; 2 furnished rcoms. $3 and $7.
HARRISON. 743— Large sunny front parlor for
housekeeping; price reasonable; location god,
HYDE. 013 — Elegant unfurnished parlor
suite, with kitchen; $20 50.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gat*
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur.' rooms: reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1310 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suits: steam heat«
• ed. electric lighted: free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN.lC07.cor.Post— The Cragburn. H.Bur-i
lingame.prop. ;rms.. single A hkpg.apartments.
OAK. 117. B3S McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; ga« range, hot bath: adults.
O'FARRELL. 12C— 2 connecting housekeeping"
rooms; large, sunny: running water; ga«
range: $4; aim single, $2.
O'FARRELL. 776, bet. Hyde and Lurkin— »
unfurnished. $15. and 1 single furnished. $10.
O'FARRELL. 1381. near Laguna. Ellls-st. car*
— Furnished housekeeping rooms; gaa stoves
and every convenience.
O'FARRELL. 1394-1395— New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced priceat
PAGE. 278 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished room* for
houreke*plng.
POST, 217. near Grant ave.— LoveJy rooms fc»r
light housekeeping; single or suite.
SACRAMENTO, 1490— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms: running water; ga« Moves:
reasonable.
SHERWOOD place. 16VJ. oft Third St.— 2 n!e«.
sunny, furnished front rooms for housekeep-
ing, or without
SOUTH PARK, 84— Furnished rooms for hou*e-
keeplng; rent reasonable.
STANYAN. 1111 — * large, sunny, unfurn. rms. ;
pantry, bath, up-to-date house; adults; rea».
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — Two or three connect!
Ing rooms; running water, gas range; com-
plete.
THE Virginia. 1005 Powell st— Complete for
hskpg. : furn. or unfurn. apartments: bay wtn-
dow. marine vtew. bath, range. Phone Red 803
THIRD. 314 — Housekeeping rooms $2 and $2 SO
per week: also sleeping rooms.
TWELFTH, 232 — 3 nice connected rooms; com-
plete; regular kitchen: laundry; sunny.
VALENCIA. 732 — Three or four sunny rooms;
furnished: upper flat; no children.
; APABTME3TT HOUSES.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell St.. above Van Ness av».
— The acme of perfection In modern, elegant-
ly furnished 3-room apartments: private baths,
steam heat, electric light, elev.. gas rangesw
8T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern S-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfurn. ; refs. Tel. East 135O.
SOOM8TO LET — Turn, and Vntnxn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or Now 1
Fifth st.) — Rccms. 25c, 5Oc, $1, $1 5O night;
$1 5O to $10 week: house open all night.
AVERT. 29. off Geary, near Flllmcre— Suany
parlor In new flat $3.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— F*ur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY. 432 — Nice sunny furnished rooms; good
location; modern and reasonable.
ELIZABETH. 727 — Coxy room; home comforts;
$5 monthly; with breakfast. $9. Leave West
Twenty-fourth-st. cars at Douglass st
FELL.456 — Nice furnished rooms, modern;
good neighborhood and convenient.
FILLMORE, 923 — Furnished room to let
FRANKLIN. 721. near O. G. ave.— Sunny fur^
nished front rooms: all conveniences; $V1 A $12.
GEART, 141S — Sunny front room; pleasant
home.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 3oo
to $1 25 night; $1 So to $8 wlc: readlng-rm.
HAMPTON place, 19 — Nice rooms; reasonable.
rates; very quiet; central.
HARRISON. 530^3 — Nlcs sunny front room;
$6 a month.
HOWARD, 640 — Quiet respectable house for
quiet, respectable men; clean room. $4 50
month; sunny front room for 2. $2 23 week..
HOWARD, 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 1274. bet. Eighth and Ninth— 2 sln-
gle rooms; one $3; one $8; sunny.
HYDE, 919 — Large front sunny room; nicely
furnished.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint — Large front
runny room. 2 beds, $3: single $5 month.
LARKIN, 804— Large room, light and sunny.
for gentlemen. $5; 2 beds. $7.
MARKET, 1049A,The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator: $2 to $7.
MISSION. 872 — A suite of rooms; suitable for
a doctor; rent $25.
MODERN solte of rooms; elegantly furnished;
also single room. Box 1S20. Call offlce.
NINTH st, 147 — Nice single room; rent reason-
able.
OAK. 407. near Laguna — $1 50 week, new,
bath, quiet, clean, sunny. See Sundays or
6 p. m. week days.
OCTAVXA, 1537 — Sunny furnished rooms,
phone, bath, running water; references.
O'FARRELL. 329 — Housekeeping rooms; cheap;
running water; after 11 a. m.
PERRY, 42 — Sunny front rooms; reasonably
gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $8; month. $8 to $3O: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTH. 240H— Furnished rooms, day. week or
month; location central and reasonable.
SIXTH, 215% — I "Unfurnished rooms to let; no
children.
SUTTER. 625— Sunny front rooms with hot and
culd water, bath; also single rooms.
TAYLOR. B15B — Handsome sunny room;
suitable 2; $10; large front parlor, piano. $1.1.
TEHAMA. 431— Furnished rooms to let; doubls
or single.
TENTH. 2S2 — A front bay-wtndow room, fur-
nished ; rent $8.
THE LARCH MONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot ami
cold water: baths free; $3 to $o per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day:electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st— Offlces~oa
the first floor to let; furnished rooms in sutti
or single, by the day, week or month; tr»n-
* stent solicited.
THE Launston, 110 Eddy. opp. Tlvoll — Nle«
fur. rms.; best transient house: lowest rates.
THIRD. 133 — Nice single room; rent reason-
able.
TURK. 1147. near Jefferson sq. — Elegant new
sunny apartments; adults; rcf. Apply 10 to 4.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 408
room*. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $8 week; eleo>
trie lights (no gay), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 71—2 large rooms: sun all day:
fine view. Phone Fell 1041.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 7C0 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $9 week; elevator;
'lee. lights: reading-room; free bus; bagrage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 13o
to $1 per night and from ftOc to $3 per week.
VAN NESS ave.. 31— Nice furnished rooms;
good location: prices reasonable.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions reeerredTt
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
el advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st. opposite Firth.
Open until 11 p. in.
BOOMS ATO BOABJ.
EDDY. 1254 — Nice room, Including washroom:
suitable for 2 gentlemen; breakfast and din-
ner; reasonable.
THE COMORA— Large lawn, sunshine all
around; a billiard- room; a good chef aa4
courteous attention. 621 O'Farrell at.
BREAKFAST and dinner with room. $2O per
month; first-class home cocking. 1254 Eddy.
FILLMORE,- 1007 — Fine furnished rooms;,
sunny, convenient and modern; table board.
EDDY. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine fam.
sunny rooms: table board; reaa. : new manag.-
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1SS2 Green
WANTS ir THEY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
INVESTMENTS.
$100 INVESTED will net Urge . returns in a
few months No 6tockg of any kind for sale,
neither is It a get rich quick scheme, but it
Is an Investment that will bear closest In-
vestigation and in which your money is well
secured. MORRILL & MEYER, 225 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
INVALID CgAJBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers ot
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt; tel. Park 775.
LECTP'nES.'ff
"THE Wonders of Radium and Its Power In
Curing Diseases." 1023 Market st. 2 and 8
p. m. Beats free.
LOST AND gOPND.
FOUND— The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
¦ nd must sell: 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Eutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Annie H. Lowder, No. 226-295.
The finder will please return to bank.
LIBERAL reward: gold bar breastpin, solitaire
diamond center: gift of deceased. Return to
MRS. CARLETON, 1234 Market st
LOST— Wednesday evening, stickpin; turquoise
• heart surrounded with diamonds. 1415 Bush
St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Fox terrier, male, Sunday; No. of new
license 2341; liberal reward for finder or
clew. 676 Fulton st.
LOST— Irish setter dcg. Return to 603 Flfta
st and receive reward.
LOST— A cane, between 903 Sutter st and
Harbor View. Return to 903 Butter; reward.
LOST — Sunday, a string of gold beads on trip
to San Rafael. 1911 Pine St.; reward.
LADY'S gold watch; E. A. Jones name on
dial. Kindly return to 10 Natoma; reward.
LOST— Gold watch. Monday night; liberal re-
ward; no questions. H. LOCKE. 15 Middle st
LOST— 1 initial enamel sleeve button; "R.J.E.''
Reward If returned to 321 Geary st * .
LAUNCHES TOB BJBE.
C A.: McNEILL "LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Michaells Launch Co., Union-st Wharf; boat-
ing St excursions. 5 Steuart st. : tel. John 2686.
MATTBESSE S AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKH
/ BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LA DIES — If- you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities/ Help for the un-
fortunate. My lime Is devoted exclusively to
these cenditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe.
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
Uef guaranteed. 100S}4 Market st, opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick" or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the. unfortu-
nate helped; the rooet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce 1018 Market st. .
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method ot treatment. 1126 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe, cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny Se Clay,
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 > Folsom at. corner
26th; ladles, relief or n6 r *ee; $10. , f ;-^
MISCELLANEOUS— POB SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair it with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEI?S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches, and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.,
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory 40 Ellis st
ENGINEER'S transit for sale cheap. A. B. C.
411 Market st.
CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses $1 50 pr. ;
other fancy varieties. C.Wilson, 229 Stevenson.
BARGAIN— Cylinder press, type, racks. OA-
BRIEL PRINTING CO.. 419 Sacramento st
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
SCHOOL bookj bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. 61 McAllister st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market at.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1816 Market at
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bad-
galupl. moved to 786 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 819 Third st: tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HElT
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
MISOELLAjarEOUS WA1TTB.
BIG prices paid for old- gold, sealskins, dla.
monds. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BRO3., 25
Stockton st ¦
MORRIS -wants 2d-hand clothing, fancy ladles'
dresses, Tuxedo sults.etc.;postal: 043 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing TeL
Davis S25; 650 Sacramento st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jeswle 2851.
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D*.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
. _^ '^, ; 3 1O^J. J£P-£5? **i~~
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-U02-C03 Examiner building
Quick settlements ; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,"
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ¦
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge Of employer or
any one '.confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake, 453. Parrott bldg.-
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry. ¦ at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store
t>4(i Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third!
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
. LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
ON real estate and chattels. . E. W. LICK
1003 Mutual' Sav. Bank bldg., 708 MarketXEW YORK. July 21.— Herbert M/ Tisdale.
professor of English in the Armour Institute
of Technology, was to-day elected president of
the Lniversity of Ohio. Dr. Tisdale is a grad
uate of Harvard «¦ and has taught at Madison
and Northwestern universities.
NEW TORK— Sailed July 21— Stmr La
Savote, for Havre: stmr Barbarossa, ; for
Bremen; Btmr Hamburg, for" Hamburg; etmr
Slavonian, for Naples
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 21— Stmr Hav
crford. from Philadelphia.
LONDON— Arrived July 21— Stmr Angellan,
from -Boston;
HAVRE — Arrived Julv 21— Stmr La Tour
aine. from New York.
QUEKNSTOWN— Sailed July 2t— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool; for New York.
Arrived July 21 — Stmr Celtic, for New Terk,
and proceeded.
ABERDEEN'— Arrived July 21— Stmr Coro
nado. hence July 18: stmr Chehalls, hence
July 17.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 21.
Stmr -Mandalay. Smith. 31 houra - from
Eureka. ' . ' *¦
Late Shipping" Intelligence.
CARLTON TO BE REMOVED. — United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday issued
a warrant for the removal of Charles H.' Carl
ton, alias C. C. Lawrence, to Cleveland. Ohio,
for trial.cn a charge of having used the mails
for the purpose of swindling several trustful
persons by means of a- half-interest scheme.
Carlton is wanted also by the State authorities
In New York for Jumping his bail while await
ing en appeal from a sentence of four " years'^
imprisonment in Sine Sing Penitentiary.
: KEVENUE CLERK WANTED. — A United
States civil - service examination . is announced
for Sacramento. August 17. for the position of
clerk (female) in the office of the .Collector of
Internal Revenue at Sacramento at $C0O per
annum. Ago limit 21 years or over. Apply
to ¦ the secretary . of the local . board of exam
iners at the Postoffice at either San Francisco
or Sacramento for application form 101;. which
should be - filed : with the United States Civil
Servlco Commission at Washington, D. C.
GUINASSO ESTATE VALUED.— Th# ap
praisers appointed by 'the court to fix the value
of the estate of Erminia and Thomas Gulnasso.
minor heirs of Francesco T. Guinasso, de
ceased, yesterday reported it to be worth
$85,850. The chief asset is the property at
Dupont and Vallejo streets, the lot being ap
praised at $42,500 and the improvements at
$22,000. The lot is subject to a mortgage cf
$25,000 held by the Italian-American Bank.
CENSURE RAILROAD COMPANY.— The
Coroner's Jury in the case of Anton E. Ander
son, a lumber dealer of this city, .who wa«
killed by the Berkeley flyer at Shell Mound
Park station last Sunday evening, returned a.
vtrdict ye3terday censuring the Southern Pa
cific Company for failing to keep a flagman
at the point where Anderson met death.
ADMITTED TO PRACTICE. — James G.
Sweeney, . Attorney General of the State of
Nevada, f.nd Judge Hudson Grant of Woodland,
Yolo County," were admitted to practice in the
United Str.tes Circuit Court yesterday morning
on motion of -. W. E. F. I>»al of Virginia.
Nevada. In conformity with a new rule of the
Fe.ieral courts, the applicants were required to
present certificates of good character, which
thty did.
NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE SITE. — Workmen
yesterday began laying foundations for a pile
driving machine on the Custom-house site east
of the main Postoffice. on Washington street,
the object being to determine the depth and
condition of t'.ie foundation for the benefit' of
bidders for the contract to build the new
Custom-house on, the site of the old one. 1
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY. — Petitions
In insolvency were filed yesterday in the United
States District Court as follows: J. F. Collins,
saloon-keeper, Llvermore. liabilities $732, as
sets ?201': Walton W. Hlckok. Jaborer,
Colusa. liabilities $1C59, atisets $15; James
Doumakls. merchant, San Francisco, liabilities
$549, assets 5150.
JOINT WATER SUPPLY.— ALAMEDA.
July 21. — President Joseph F. Forderer of the
City Trustees will represent Alameda at the
conference to be held in the City Hall. San
Francisco, by delegates from Oakland and the
cities across the bay to discuss the project of
bringing a Joint municipal water supply from
the Sierra Nevada Mountains.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
San Francisco^Mrs. Dwyer, at the
Vendome; G. Felmer, at the Hotel Im
perial; H. Hoffman, at the Grand
Union; S. Mayer, at the Hotel York;
T. J. McCarthy, H. A. Newman, P. E.
Shafer, at the Hotel Imperial; M. J.
Walsh.. at the Astor House; F. A. Wil
son, at the Herald Square; C. P. Free
land, at the Victoria; W. Haskell, at
the Marlborough; A. Kahn and wife,
at the Herald Square: D. H. Robert, at
the Hoffman; J. T. Southgate and wife,
at the Everett; E. Booth, at the Mur
ray Hill: J. G. Dorward, at the Astor
House.
NEW YORK. July 21.— The follow
ing Callfornlans are regiaterd In New
York: /
CalffornJans In New York.
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. 117^130 | J. P & A.... — 155
Anglo-Cal .. — — j.Mer Trust 205 ¦•'.
Ban!c of Cal.420 427VJ!Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & U2280 2350 Sav & L. So. — 100
Hum S & L. — t_ sec Sav Bk. — 400
Mutual Sav. I no 1CS Union T Co. . —
S F Sav U.600 C50
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 | Presidio — —
Geary — _ |
POWDER.
Giant 60% tSlUI Vigorit — B
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c iKilauea S C. — 4t
Hawaiian C. 62 fi2^|Makawe!i C. 23 —
Honokaa SO— 12mOnomea S C. 23% —
Hutch S P C S S>4|P- • -•• S C. 13 13'i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 131 — I Oceanic S Co. — 4H
Cal F c A. — — |Pac Aux FA. 4^4 fi
Cal Wine A. — 90 | Pac C Borx. — 155
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Makaweli 23 75
60 llakaweli 23 62*4
60 Makaweli 23 50
15 S F Gas & Electric 60 25
10 Spring: Valley Water Co 37 00
$3,000 Cal C Gas & Elec 5s 103 50
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 105 00
Street —
$2,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) OS 75
$20,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 105 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 S F Gas & Electric 60 50
100 Spring Valley Water Co 36 75
10 Spring Valley Water Co 3B 62U
$3,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. .104 60 '
$1,(HX) S P of Arizona (1910) 107 75
Street—
40 Spring Valley Water Co 37 00
$20,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 117 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Auk. Bid. Ask.
Bay CFC 6s. — 09 SF & NP fig. — 103%
B L Wat 6s. — 117 S P C R 4a. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. 110 113%|S P Co 4M,s.lOO —
M C Wat 5S.100 — JSun Tel 5s.. — 104
RIs I Wks 5s — 105 [Siitter-st Rfis.105 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113%|UR of SF 4s. S2>£ —
MISCELLANEOUS, STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25H — Mat Nav Co 80
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal Cot Mils — S6 N S R R Co 9»i
Cal G&ECor. 49«; — N Cal P Co. — ' 10V4
C Jockey Cl. — 125 Oak-Bk SavJ20 —
Cal Powder. — 145 Oak T Con.. 75
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cal T I & T.115 — lOrpheum Co.. — 16
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 IPacC Cas Co.130 —
Chutes Co .. — 7 |Pae S Tel. ..101 -103 .
City & C Bk — 120 ;Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. 7 — |Paraf Paint.. 3S —
East Dynm.. — 270 jS F Drydoek 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — »O ISF&S.I Coal. — 25
Do com . . — 50 | S J Wat Co. — 108
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO & MTKbt.125 _
Fischer Thtr 55c — ISwIsg-A Bk.115
Frnch-A Bk. — 110 I Truck Elect.. 11
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 4SU —
Hono P Co.. 10 — Do com ... 9Vi — .
Lon& SF Bk — 60
Morning Session.
Board —
•V> United Ry Inv Co pfd. 4S P0
J2.000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. S2 00
$1,000 United R R of H F 4 per cent. 82 1214
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 82 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 82 25
Street — f
20 French -American Bank 108 50
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. S2 25
Calif orn ia Stock andO il Exchange
Oil stock — Bid Ask
Alma i oo '
Apollo 40' 4<t{
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 20
California Standard 14
Caribou 3 bO 4* 25
Chicago Crude ;. .
C\a.\ emont "o
Four 04
Hanford 165 0O ISO 00
Home 140" 145
Imperial 1(5 00
Independence 26
Kern 4 ;o i,"m
Kern River \\ 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 24 "{il
llonte Cristo m
Occidental of W. Va 117
Oil City Petroleum r,s no
reerles* 1000 14 00
Pittsburg O4
Itond Crude • 1 60
Senator f,o
Sovereign 39 "42
Sterling 2 50 2 70
Superior 04 (17
Thirty-Three g °5
Twenty-Eight 10 0O
West Shor-i 2 .'0
Associated Bonds 78 <")
Monarch (pool) .-. 31
Kern Oil (new) 30
"McKettrick Oil 10 "25
Miscellaneous —
California Jockey Cluh 125 00
Chutes Company 7:1714
Fischer's Theater 62
Northern California Power 1025
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 00 ....
SALES. '
Morning Session.
600 Four Oil (ft
Afternoon Session.
2500 Independence 20
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were he sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Challenge ... 221 200 Overman * 14
.100 Con Cal & V.I 15| 10O Scorpion 00
300 Gould & Cur. I'M KiO Sierra Kev ... 26
200 Justice 14 200 Union Con ... 25
300 Mexican S«l 100 Union Con ... 20
100 Occidental ... 88 400 Union Ccn ... 27!
200 Ophir .......2 60| 400 Yellow Jacket. !22
100 Ophir \ 2 65|
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 2-'tl 700 Mexican J>5
2C0 Belcher 1!* 250 Ophir 2 90 '
100 Caledonia 54| 100 Ophir 2 93
2C0 Ctuftiar 19| 400 Savage 32
350 Con Cal & V.I 30| 600 Sierra Nev ... 30
SCO Con Cal & V.I 331 600 Union Con ... 30
100 Gould & Cur. 1C| 600 Yellow Jacket. 24
2C0 Hale & Norc. 72 1
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 10 100 Mexican S8
200 Ande 22 1C0 Mexican R9
100 Chollar 191 20o Ophir 2 62>i
2Ci» Con Cal & V.I 151 50 Ophir 2 CO
300 Con Cal & V.I 20 100 Ophir ........2 (5
MiO Con Imperial. 0l| 500 Potcsi ....... 20
100 Gould & Cur. 131 '3R0 Savage ......I 27
f.CO Gould & Cur. 14] 700 Scorpion .... " (19
600 Julia 07 1(K> Sierra Nev . . . 28
100 Mexican S7I1KK) Yellow Jacket. 20
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha • 101 200 Mexican ...... »0
I0O Belcher 19| 1 (JO Mexican ..... 91
,200 Caledonia .... 641 300 Savage ..... •*»
200 Con Cal & V.1.2BJ:7(IO Savage ...... ?0
200 Con Cal & V.I 30| 20O 9avage hi
¦ 20O Crown Point.. 16| low foorpion ""10
i 200 Gould & Cur. 151 5dO Sierra Nev so
100 Julia DC! 100 Sierra Nev '." •>;)
50 Mexican . j)3| 300 Union Con ... 29
TONOPAH TUNING EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:'
Morning Session.
100 Columbia ... 29| 100 Red Top .. 13
1000 Goldneld B&B 15| 1000 Red Top . " 11
ICO Goldfield M.. 95 600 Rescue ... "it
600 Gcldfleld Ton. 10J 1500 Rescue . ' 10
2000 Goldfield Ton. 11 500 Ton* Gold Mt" 37
13C0 MacNamara . f.2 950 Ton Midway " 49
6<H> MacNamara . F5I r>Ot> Ton Midway 4<i
1 350 Mont Ton . .2 40| 200 Ton N Star. .'. SI
200 Mont Ton ..2 50;
' Afternoon Session.'
V.00 Esperanza .. 03) 500 N Y Ton... 03
2500 Goldfield Ton. 10 r.00 Rescue. ...;..¦. 10
1100 MacNamara . Kit 300 Rescue • u
1100 MacNamara . -R.°.j'i0O Ton Belmont. 74
10O MacNamara . 6211500 Ton Go!4 Mt 16 1
, 10<>0 MacNamara . 5I| 100 Ton- Midway '¦'* 48
' 100 Mont Ton ..2 401 10O Ton N Star 30
A. C. Peterson, the young Mormon
missionary, who sought to end his life
on Tuesday afternoon in his room at
the International Hotel by swallowing
a' large quantity of carbolic acid and
cuting his throat and left wrist with
a knife, died last evening at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital. Peterson re
turned last Tuesday from Australia on
the steamer Sonoma with several
other Mormon elders. Despondent
over his failure in the Antipodes and
because of his illness, he sought relief
in death. The body was removed to
the Morgue-.
Missionary Peterson Dies.
San Franciscan Dies Suddenly.
SELMA, July 21. — Peter Taggart
died suddenly last nigrht on the Paris
Allen ranch. He leaves a family in
San Francisco.
Major Curt Friedrlch of the German
army, who was sent to the St. Louis
Exposition to study the speed of loco
motives and commissioned to inspect
the various railroads of the country,
arrived here last evening from Portland
and is registered at the St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
Dr. M. J. Uribe of Mexico is at the
Grand.
Dr. Albert Hasklns of Baltimore Is at
the Lick.
Fied Dodd, a hotel man of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
Colonel W. S. Flack of Qulncy, 111., is
at the Palace.
W. de L. Benedict of New York is at
the St. Francis.
W. G. Clark, a business man of Seat
tle, is at the St. Francis.
J. S. Falk, a wealthy shipping man of
Sydney, is at the St. Francis.
F. K. Rule of Los Angeles, auditor
of the Salt. Lake road, is at the Palace.
William P. Hammon. the well-known
mining man of Orovllle, is at the Pal
ace.
H. T. Cuttam and C. B. Thorn, prom
inent residents of New Orleans, are at
the St. Francis.
State Surveyor General Victor H.
Woods and wife are down from Sacra
mento and are registered at the Palace.
Mrs. Phillips, wife of Captain Wil
liam A. Phillips, Tenth Infantry, left
last night for Fort Lawton, Washing
ton.
BOSTON, July 21.— Herbert Johnson,
the editor and composer," died suddenly
to-day of rheumatism of the heart. He
was 43 years old.
Death Claims Herbert Johnson.
NEW YORK, July 21.— William G.
Thompson, a prominent politician of
Detroit, is dead at a private sanitarium
in Yonkers as the result of being
knocked down by a boy bicycle scorch
er on April 12 last. He was reported to
be dying last month, but rallied and
when taken to Yonkers was considered
on the road to recovery.
Thompson was twice Mayor of De
troit, State Senator and always prom
inent In Michigan politics.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
ROUEN, France, July 21.— Mrs. Flor
ence Maybrick arrived here to-day
from England. The greatest precau
tions had Jtieen taken to keep her move
ments secret.
Mrs. Maybrick was awaited ,at the
station by her mother, with whom she
drove in a carriage to the house of the
Baroness.
Neither Mrs. Maybrick nor her
mother went outside the grounds of the
residence to-day.
Great Precautions Are Belne Taken
to Guard Movements of
the Woman.
MRS. FLORENCE MAYBRICK
V IS ON FRENCH SOIL
SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 21. — The
feature match at the State tennis tour
nament to-day was that between Le
roy of New York and the Californian,
Bell, in the semi-final round of the
open singles. The Columbian crack
won the first set after the Westerner
had gained a lead of four games on
him. He assumed the lead in the sec
ond set and seemed to have the set
well in hand, but tired rapidly from
his previous exertions and Bell won
five straight games and the set. The
third set went to Bell easily.
Columbia's Crack Player Makes Good
Start, but Bell Finishes With
Five Straight.
CALIFORNIA!* WINS ,? : > ':.'
AT NEW YORK TENNIS
j J. Prank D. and May M. Curtis to Edward
Mohrhardt, lot on N line of Green street, 90 W
of Fillmore, W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
John B. R. and Mabel E. Cooper to Frank
I and Therise Games, lot on E line of Devlsadero
; street, 40 N of Bush, N 32 by E 82:6; $10.
Spring Valley Water Company to Henry A.
j and Minnie Frahm, lot on E line of De Lon*
: avenue, COO S of Waller street, S 25 by E SO:
$12C0.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Anton and
f£P a handler, lot on S line of Hatght street.
loO E of Aehbury. E 25 by S 137:6; J10.
Jesse W. and Olive Hamilton to William B.
Dowling. lot on S line of Frederick atreet.
105:7«3 E of Cole, E 25 by S 112:6; $10.
Edwanf Ginlcy to Agnes Ginley. lot on E
line of Cole street. 125 S of Haight, S 25 by
/E 122:6; $10.
William B. and Ella E. Dowling to Jesse W.
Hamilton lot on N line of Fulton street, 178:10
W. of Pirker avenue, W 25, N 119.03 NE
25.01. S flS.23; $10.
Thomas McNulty to Annie MeN'ulty, lot on
5 line of Seventeenth street. 70 E of Capp, E
-5 by S 100; gift.
F. J. M. Kelly to Giovanni Ferrea, lot on
N line of Twenty-eixth street. 165 E of Fair
Oaks. N «5:9»4. K 84:6. SW 106. W 2:10'*; $10.
Annie Sherry to Hannah V. Wlnalow, lot
on W line of Chattanooga street. 65 N of Hor
ner (Twenty-third), S 65 by W 117:6; $10.
Michael and Hannah V. Winslow to Edward
J. Winslow, same; $10.
Edward J. WlnElow to Dorothea Watson,
same; $10.
Margaret and Giovanni B. Caraffa and Matil
da B. Shaw (Caraffa) to Mary Loftus (wife of
Joseph L.), lot on E line of Sanchez street, 26:«
N of Twenty-ninth, N 23 by E 100; $10.
Joseph L. Loftus to Mary Loftus, name; *lft.
Jacob and Bertha G. Welssbetn to Leslie
Kcan, lot on E line of Douglass street, 90 S of
Twenty-fourth. 8 24 by E 100; $10.
Joseph L. Schmitt to City and County ot San
Francisco, lot on NE corner of Commercial
and Drumra streets. E 50 by N 59:9; $34,000.
Carrie B. de Golta (wue of George K.) to
Fanni© M. Rabe. undivided >4 of following:
I/Ot on S line of Clay street, 60 W of Mont
gomery, W 30 by S 69:9; also Jot on NW cor
ner of Clay street and Wetmore place. W
24:3 by N «S0- Ki«.
Martin Clark to Pasquale and Teresa Olan
ninl. lot on S line of Francisco street, 45:6
w of Mason, W 40 by S 50; $10.
Margaret C. Davis "to Joseph H. Scott lot
on E line of Taylor street, 62:6 S of O*Farre!I.
S 25 by E 68:9; $100.
Charles F. Homer to William T. Waahburn
and Emma Richardson (trustees estate of 'Ben
jamin Richardson), lot on E line of Jones
street, 91:8 S of Vallejo S 22:11 by E 53:9; $1.
Homer C. and Ethel A. Parker and Lillian
M. Allen (Parker) to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Mary Vivian vs. Catherine McDonald (by
Henry E. Coffey, referee) to Robert Hall, lot
on NW line ot Folsom street, 250 NE of Sec
ond. NE 25 by NW 80; $«i50.
Bridget Ryan to Catherine B. T. Ryan, lot
on SW line of Harriet (Clinton) street, 125
SB of Bryant, SE 25 by SW 80; rift.
- Palom^res Land Company to John W.
Wright, lot on SW corner of Forty-fifth ave
j nue Rnd C street, W 100 by S 140: also lot
on SE corner of Forty-first avenue and C
street. S 275. E 120, N 175, W 12:6, N 100,
W 107:6; also lot on SW corner of Fortieth
avenue and B street, S 176, W 4, SW 455,
W 131:6, N 600, E 240; also lot on SW cor
ntr of Thirty-eighth avenue and B street, W
CO. S ino. W CO. S 69, E 120. N 169; also lot
on E line of Fortieth avenue, 160 S of A
street, 8 200 by B 120; also lot on NW cor
ner of Thirty-sixth avenue and A street W
HI'. N 100, E 20, N 125. B 120, S 225; 'also
lot on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 100 N
of A street. N 75, W 120, N 75, W 120, S 150,'
K 240; also lot on S line of Point Lobos ave
nu«. 29 E of Fortieth avenue. E 75. S 100,
E IS, S 50, W 120, N 50, B 29, N 100; $10.
F. J. and Mary Halpln to James Beegan.
lot on W line of Forty-sixth avenue, 200 S of
C street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to F. J. Halpln,
lot on \V line of Forty-sixth avenue, 125 N
of D atreet, N 25 by TV 120; $10 «.
Jarob and Bertha G. AVelssbei'n to George
H. Halpin. lot on W line of Forty-sixth ave
nue. 175 N of D street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
J. W. Wrlsht & Sons Investment Company
to John K. Cross, lot on W line of Twenty
fourth avenue, 150 S of O street, S 50 by \V
120; $1O.
Frederick R. and Harriet Gibbs to Walter
K. and Mary E. Hubher^ lot on NW line of
Prospect street, 251 SW of Cobo, SW 30 by
NW 122:6; $10.
H. M. A. and Grace J. Miller and Flora D.
Jones to Edward and Julia A. Ross, lot on
NE eornor of Serpentine avenue and Alabama
street. S 48. E 100. N to line of Serpentine
avenue. W to beginning. Preclta Valley; $10.
Charles and Abraham Rosensteln to Oscar
Heyman. lot on N corner of Burrow and Glrard
streets. NR 10 by NW 98, block 3, University
Mound; $10.
Susan Gray to Edward and Annie MoQuade,
lot on N line of Parker street, .130 W of Cali
fornia avenue N Iflfl by W 25. Harris' Map
1 of Preclta Valley block 23; $10.
Margaret and Richard J. Cotter to Mary
Cotter, lot on NE line of Sixteenth avenue.
100 SE of M street. SE 50 by N 100. lot 10,
block SOS. South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association: also lot on W Una of
Railroad avenue 26:7W N of Seventeenth
street. NW S2:1O«4 NE 25. SE to Railroad
avenuo. S 26:7U. block 330. Case Tract; gift.
Philippe and Elizabeth Glbeau to J. II.
Kruse. lot on SE line of London street. 100
NE of Brazil avenue. NE 25 by SE 100, block
13. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Thomas M Penn to Paul C. Strahle lot on
N line of Ney street. 250 E of Craut. E 2o by
N 110. block 7, College Homestead; $10
J. O. ¦ Bur beau to Ellas Wolf, lots 39 to 41,
block 10 City 1-hiuI Association: 510. , •
Elizaheth~G. Perlne to Philip CoUischonn.
lot on NW corner of Laldley street, 202:10U
NE of Castro, NE 25 by NW 100. lot 142,
block 4. Falrmount Land Association ; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Keystone Investment Company (owners) with
Llngren Hicks Company (contractors), archi
tect D. F. Oliver — All work except excavation,
concrete and cement sidewalk, curbs and slde
: v/alk lights, heating and furnace and hot
I water heater, elevator and cage for a six-story
building on S line of Post street, 92:10 W of
Taylor. W 44:8 by S 68:9: $40,230.
Reuben H. Lloyd (owner) with A. Jackson
(contractor), architect M. J. Lyon — Alterations
and additions to a frame building consisting of
two residences on N line of Sutter street. 37:6
1 E of Mason. E 60 by N 87:6; $21,804.
Emelle Lyons (owner) with Riley & Hock
(contractors), architects Cunningham & Poll
teo — Iron, steel and ¦ brick work for a four
story brick building on SE line of Harrlnon
street. 230 SW of Fourth, SW 43 by SE 80;
$5900.
I Mrs. Flllppa Gatto (owner) with C. J. Alt
wiler (signed C. J. Antwiler) (contractor), ar
chitects P. Rlghettl and H. Kuhl — All work
for a frame building (flats) on S line of Green
wich street, . 114:3 W of Mason, 23 by 60;
$3085.
Albert and Sophia Huber (owners) with W.
H. Bagge (contractor), architect Herman Barth
— All work except gas fixtures and shades for
a three-etory frame building (stores and flats)
on K line of Devlsadero street, 110 N of Post,
N 35 by E 137:6 Western Adttion 457; $13,000.
THURSDAT. JULY 21.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WASHINGTON, July 21.—Postmas
ters appointed: Oregon— Mineral,
Lane County, "William "Wechter, vice
Ulysses g: Leroy, resigned.
Washington— Maud. Stevens County,
James J. Morgan, vice Maud Morgan,
resigned.
Postoffice at Jesse, San Diego Coun
ty, Cal., will be discontinued July 30,
mail to Nellie.
Eddy C. Moffett was to-day appointed
rural carrier at Garfleld, Wash., and
Mrs. Hettie Menagh. substitute.
Army orders: Board of officers con
vened at the Presidio,- San Francisco,
March 12, Is dissolved. Major John L.
Bullis, paymaster, now at the Army
General Hospital, San Francisco, will,
when fit for duty, report to the com
manding general, Department Califor
nia, for temporary duty at San Fran
cisco.
Leave of absence of First Lieutenant
Peter Vredenburg, Twenty-eighth In
fantry, Pacific Division, extended one
month and seven days.
Navy orders: Boatswain C. J. Chris
tianson, retired to San Francisco for
duty at Union Iron Works as assistant
to inspector equipment
Following cable received from Rear
Admiral Stirling, Asiatic station: Sec
ond Lieutenant F. F. Robards, Yoko
hama Hospital, to Cavlte State Sta
tion; Assistant Surgeon C. C. Grieve,
Cavlte Station, to Naval Station,
Guam; First Lieutenant G. H. Mather,
to Naval Station, Guam; Captain E. R.
Lowndes to "Washington, D. C
Departments at Washington 3Iake
Changes In Postal Service and
Issue Army Orders.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Paffe Fifteen.
Michael- Wolff, 76 years of age. liv
ing at 1348 Webster street, committed
suicide yesterday afternoon by inhal
ing: gas from an open gas burner.
"Wolff had been suffering from
asthma. Yesterday morning he visited
the Mount Zion Hospital with his
landlady, Mrs. Bresslauer, with the in
tention of remaining there for treat
ment. It was found impossible to ac
commodate him until this morning
and consequently he returned to the
house. During the absence of Mrs.
Bresslauer he went into a room ad
joining his own and turned on the gas.
He left a note in German, saying: '"I
have nothing to live for, so I'd better
die."
Michael "Wolff was the father of
Aaron "Wolff of the Wolff Forwarding
Company, 409 Market street,
Michael Wolff, Deciding That he Has
Xo thine to Live for. Com
mits Suicide.
AGED MAX TURNS ON GAS
AND ENDS HIS OWN LIFE
SANTA CRUZ, July 21.— Archbishop
JRlordan arrived here at noon to-day to
visit the camp of the League of the
Cross Cadets and was met at the depot
by the regriment and the regimental
band. The distinguished guest was then
escorted to camp by the cadets, where
a dress parade and grand review took
place. A dinner was given later at the
Casino grill in his honor. Among those
at the dinner were Archbishop Mont
gomery, Rev. Philip O'Ryan, Rev. P. J.
Fisher of Santa Cruz, Rev. P. J. Hen
nessy of Capitola, Rev.- Father Enright
of Watsonville, Bishop "Warren of the
Methodist church, Rev. F. K. Baker of
the Methodist church, Rev. E. C: Phillis
of the Presbyterian church, Judge M.
T. Dooling of Hollister. Garret McEner
ney, Hon. W. T. Jeter, Rev. Father
Duggan of Menlo Park, Rev. Father
Dempsey of St. Mary's Cathedral. Rev.
Joseph Byrne of San Mateo, Rev.
Father Kennedy of St. Paul's Church,
San Francisco; Rev. Father Cullen of
Mountain View and Rev. P. E. Mulli
gan, secretary to Archbishop Montgom
ery.
A grand entertainment was given by
the cadets to-night for the new Santa
Cruz fund.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
VISITS CAMP OF CADETS
League of the Cross Gives a Dinner
In Honor of the Distinguished
, Guest.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAT, July 21—4 p. m.
., ' . Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha co lOIJustice 14 15
. Alt * 03 08|Kentuck ...... 02 04
Andes . -.-. 22 "SSI K Graessler. . — 120
g«icher i 8 »o iidy Wash .. — 06
Best & Belch. 75 80; Mexican 89 01
Bullion 17 1S| Occidental .... 84 80
Caledonia 53 5V Ophir 2 70 2 7.')
Challenge ... 22 23| Overman 14 16
Chollar is lOIPotosi 19 20
Confidence-...' 70 SOJScorpion 10 11
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 CO Savage 30 31
Con Imperial. — 01 fie* Belcher... 07 OS
Con NY ...-. 03 04 Sierra Nev ... 28 29
! Crown Point.. ¦¦ 14 35 Silver Hill ... 60 BR
j East Sierra N 03 C6|St. Louis — 08
Eureka Con.. — B0| Syndicate — 03
Exchequer ... 39 41 Union Con ... 28 29
Gould & Cur. 14 161 Utah 11 13
Hale & Notts. 70 731 Yellow Jacket. 23 24
Julia 06 07|
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan ..... _ io|Red Top — 12
Columbia .... 26 231 Rescue 10 11
Esperanza ... 02 -'03! Ton Belmont.; 7.1 —
Gold Anchor. — 2*S|Ton & Cal... 13 16
Goldfield B&B 14 151 Ton Cash Boy. 12 —
Goldneld Ton. 10 — Ton Exten.. — 1 02%
Gold Me Con. 01 02 Ton Fraction. .25 —
1 Hannapah M. 25 — I Ton & Gt W. 03 —
i Little Ton .. — 65 Ton Gold Mt. 15 —
Lucky Tom .. — 03 Ton Midway.. 4S 49
MacXamara . 53 Bt Ton of Nev. 8 12Vi 8 25
Mizpeh Exten — 25 Ton N Star. . 30 32
Mont Ton.. 2 37 U 2 40! Ton *: S Lake. 50 —
N Y Ton 03 — Ton Superior.. — 06
Paymaster .. 04 CSlTon Union . . . 10 —
Tine Grove .. 50 — lUnited Ton .. — 00
Kay Exten... — 08; Utopia 10 —
Ray & O'Brien 08 101 West End ... 20 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1004.
14
RAILWAY J^^J^t^^^^^.
Q
1 LIMITED TO CHICACOB
i LEATES MONDAYS and THURSOm i
Hat J»::tO a. m n throuffli In 3 daya,|§
fM wlti diner and all trapping*). HJ
Otter Santa re Trains:
7:30 a, m. 1 for Stockton, Fresno. Bakerafleld,
8 loo p. rn!J Merced. Hanford ( and Vl»alU.
4:00 p. tn. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Terry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 37 Souti First St..
San Joae,
— — — -^aajM*
TO SANRAFAEL,
ISSISW SI ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO. Etc.
f^l^^^^^S^i^S "Via Sauaalito Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30. 7:10. 7:43. 8:30. 0:15 10:00. 11:00 a. m-
ill -40 a m- Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4 CO 4*35 5:15. 5:50. «:25. 7:15. 9:C0. 10-.20.
ii-sh d ni. Sundays and le*al holidays depart
at' 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15 10:00. ll:0O. luio
I m 12:20 1:00. 1:15. 2:G0. 3:15. 4:00 4-33.
5:16!'5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 0:00. 10:20.* ll£*
P A-rive at San Francisco, week days 6-17
700. 7:36. 8:15. 8:45 9:S5. 10:20. UroVa. m!;
l-lVoi 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40 6:1*
6 T 55 7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:W.
8 'f£r P Fa?rfax. week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3:15 p. m.. 6:15 p. m (ex Sat.) On Sundayi
and legal holidays at 7:43, 8:30, 0:15, J0 :(K).
l"r00 11 U0 a. m.. 12:20. l:«. 2:30. 7-li
and 8:15 P- m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
9:15 a. tn. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
s':15 p. m. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day— For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. • \
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Caradero. •te.
TICKKT OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lf »ve Ti* Utostlits Ferry Arrive
San Francisco r.«t «f HarWt St. San Francisco
Week Bun- tr?T» Suu- Week
Days, days. >1«$?25V (iliy '- _J>*?*-
"8T30T 12:45 p J 8:"45-i
10:00 a VSsSS*53cv^ 2:05 f •« 1:03 a
id:dOA 11:00a 3:35r 3:35 r
1:45 r12;20r \^§S^ B:40r 6:15 1
B:16r 1-45p 6:15 r 10-.05I
-.; 4:35r 8:50 P
•TI>Cr»TitTCar. . r ftaalpah t» HIM Ttlliy.
Ticxirr }62S Makkkt St. (North Shore Railroad]
Orricts land Sacsalito Fkicxy. foot Maiket tit.
RA^Lvr^Y travel. ->
/^"ijs v Trains leare and ar« da*
L^^^8AN FKAN'CISCO.
>s^C \JS f7oot of Market Street >
\r ,»<--. MAIN Lt N Err— - A r.r.r-r<~
7.00a V»c«Tille. 1VlBtOT*k l:u;iney "/ 5n»
700a nenlcta. Eiu.!r« »n<J S*ora'n<-nro . 7.20a
7 J0a V»UrJo. S»p». l«llitt>«Ti. Santa
Ko«a. Marllnei. Sita U:«moa 6.?3:»
750a NHe«.Tr»cj. Luthrop. Seocicr-n.... 7 23p
8.00a ShuHi* Kxprew— (Vin DiirU).
Wiwiamt (for n»rtletc 9,'r!nr»v.
I Wlli.iwd ?rmto. Ked Ulaff.
Portland. Tacoma, Seait'.e 7.50»
S-COA Davis. noo'U*n<!. Knislili I->»mli:»iC.
M«rT»»llle. Ch'cii. uruvlll« 7S0?
840a Port Costa. .Martinez. Aatiodt,
Uyron. Trncy, Stockton. Xe*-
tn.rj. Loa I '¦•!)••<. Men Jot. v
AnoooH. IIa:i r<T I. Visallo,
Porterrllle 4.23»»
8 20a Port Cos t s. M o <1 c » t o. Jl e r e e d.
Fresno. Goabeti .laactton. U.-.u-
ford. Vtialls. lUfeerstleia 4 5>
I-SCA NIIcj, San .To«e. t.ltfrmori'. Stocic-
ton. (tMltton). lone, S»crnm«*nt<>.
MarrsvlHe. Chlco. Ked UlaS .... 4 20*>
I^OA Oakiiale. ClilneNe. JAmentown. S>
nora. Tuolumne an'l Anirel* 4.?C^
8 Ka Atlantic Expr«<»— Og.leo ml K»«. 5
9 3Ca Kichtnond. Martinez ami U'.iy
Statloot R53?
10 00a The Overland Limited — Oictan.
Omaba, Cblcazo, Ucaver, !uii-iu
Cl iy. St. Louis «?"¦»
1000a Vallejo 12.2U*
Ifl.OOA Lot Antrele* Ps»»en;er — Per;
Coscv Marline*. Byrun, Tracr.
Latbrop. Stockton. Mcrcril,
Rayaiond. Fresno. GosBen Junc-
tion. Ilatt^ord, Lemoore. Vlsa.la,
BakertSel*. Vo» Ange\r» 720*
1?.00m Rajward, Klleaand Way S:at!on». V?O
tl-OOP Stveramento Rlrer Steatnrra tit.OJ*
3-5CP Bentcin, TV inters. Sacr»XT.:n.
Woodland. WIP.owa. Kal.'Vi
Lanilnsr. lUrytTtUe. Orovltla
> and way "Mtlon* 19 SO a
3-5Ct» U ny wart. Xlles and Way Station*.. 7 5Jc»
4 CCp Martinex.San [Umon.ValleJo.Kapa,
Call»to«». Santa Kosa. 5 20*
4 OOP ytles. Tracy. 8toe!tU/n. Lodl 4.20*
4-30P Haywarti. X!!m. lnrlncf.a. Saat t8.53*
Jose. Uvermoro > tii.SOA
BCOp Ih« Owl MmlieJ— N'owra«n. Los
Bano*. Mendoia. Freano. Talara.
Bakerineld.LoaAnKalea 8-50A
To 30p F>ywarrl. Nile* and Mn Jose 7.20a
6.00pHayward.NllesaoJ Saa Joae 9 50a
6X0p£a»tern Expresa — OfrUeu. Omaba,
Chicago. D-nvcr. Kaosas City,
St. Lo.i!«. Ti% Mart'nez. AtockCon.
S*rr»rr,fnto. Co!fax. Reno 12.50"
8. 00> Vallejo, lUlly, *xcep; Sunday.... I -r Bn «
700i» Vallejo. Sunday only f '" 8UP
7 .CCp U!«ibni«>n<l. dan Pabiu. Port Coat*.
Marttaea and Way Statloa* 11.20a
7-OOPBeao Pa«««nger — Port Costa, Sal-
tun, Emira. Darla. Sacramento,
Trucker. Lake Tiftoe, Reno.
Tonopah. Sparlca 7-50A
f OSPPort Costa, Mtrt!n«z. Byron.
Tracy, Latbrop, Modtilo,
Merced, Bereada, Fresno and
"Way 6 tattoos beyond Port Coata 12.20*
8-05p Toiiemite Valley, via Bereads aad
W»woaa _ 8.50a
BXSp Usritnei. Tracy. 8tockton 1C20a
I Obp OrcBon A California Express— Sae-
ranento, Marytvllle, Reddhia},
Portlaod. Paget Soaud ted East. 8.50a
8.10P Bayward, NIlea ana S+a Jo«e (ban-
dayonly) 1 1.50a
COAST LI N E (Harrow «a«s«).
m (Ifoot of Market StrweL)
7.45a Santa Crnz ExcurtionfSunday only) 8 1C»
8-16a Newark. Center tI1>, San Joae,
Felton. BouIderCreek. I'-lRliasln,
Santa Craz and Way Stations... 55S*>
t8-15A Alvarado. Newark, Saa Jose, Loa
Oatos.Glenwood, Feltoa. Bonlder
Creek. Blc Basin. Santa Crux.... 8.10*
12-1 5p Kewarl, CenterTtlle. Saa Jois.
New AIniadea. Los 0aio«.7e!K>n,
Boclder Creek. Saaut era* and
Prlactpal Way Stations 10 55*
* IEp Newark. San Jose. Los Gatoa t8-53A
4.1SP Wright, Boulder Creek and Santa
Crna. 8atunlaT ami Sunday only. 68.55a
COAST LINE (Broad «.«»*•).
tir ( l'HIrd anil TowasenJ Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 8 31»>
t7 00a San Jose and Way Suiiona S40f
7.15a Mont4srey an>l Santa Cru* Eicar-
slon (Sanday only) 1030s»
• 00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frid.. only). 4.10»>
8 00a The Coaster— Saa Jose. Salinas.
3*a Ardo, Paso Hobles. 8anta>
Marsartia, San Lsla OMspo.Sanca,
Barbara, &an DueoaTentura,
Montalvo, Oxnsrd. Bnrbank. Lot
Aigeles 10-43*
8.00a Gllroy. Hollister, C««»oTnje. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn-
o poc 1045»
9.00a oaa Jose. Trea Plaoa.WaisonTili*.
Capitola. Santa Crnz. Pm-lde
Grore. Salinas. Sao LaJs Obispo
aad l'rlnc!pai \V*7 S:.v;!oc». ... 4 10*
1040a Saa Jo«<j and Way Station*. \.2Qs»
11 20 a Santn. Clara. San Jose Lea Onto*
and W»y Station* 7.J0p
130pEaa Jose aad Way Stations 8-33*
13. OOP Del Moote Express (except Btrn-
day> — Snnta Clara. Han Joan.
WawonTille, S.inta Craz. Del
Moote, Mooterey. Pacific Grovo. fl2-l»e>
!-38p Burltntpune, San Jooe, Gllroy. IToi-
il«er. Tre» Piaoa.PaJaro.'Wiiti'on-
Tille, Capitola, Saau Crnz. Caa-
troTtlle. Sallna*. Pacific Grove... 11 4" »
430p?*»a Jo»e and Way Stations td-OOA
t5 OOP Santa Clara. San .lose, Loa Galot).
Wrfxnt and prlactpal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) ........... tfl-COsj
|5-30p Ban Jose aad Principal Way Stations i3.4X»
5 45p. Soa9et Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jos«,GtlroT.Sal[naa,Pasoltoblea, '
tan Luis dulsp«. Santa Barharm,
Los Angetoa, iteming. Kl Paso,
New Orleann. X*w Tork 7-10*
i B.45p PaJ.ro. WaUonTllle. CapltoU, I . ,_ __
S»ata. Crux. Caatrornie. Del * r Jg ¦*"*
Monte, Paciac Grove \ 'lO-Vtf*
18-15P tan Mateo, Ueresford,Beiraont.Pa«
Carlo*. Redwooil, Fair Oavka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18.43*
6 30p £«b Jose and Way 9UUona 6-38a
8 OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.16a
II .50p bouUt SauFraoclaoo, MIUatm. Bnr-
tlnsame. Saa Mateo, Beltnont,
San Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9 4S»
111-30 3 Maytieid. Moantsta View, Sonny-
to)*, La-wr«nce. Duu Clara, aad
an Jose t9-48a>
A for Mornlair. P for Af Urooon.
tSnnJay ezcepted. t Sunday oair
4. Saturday 00 ;y. » Voadar our*.
_1 & tv»« at ail s taCoas va. Sua J »l
CAIIFOENIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.?
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
' E All. WAY COMFAST.
Tifcuron Texry. root of 34ari»t Str««ta
SAN rXAUCISCO TO 6A2T BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0. 8:00, 0:y0. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trio— at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 av. m.: 1:30.
2:30 3:40 3:10, «:3O 11:30 p. m.
SAN EATAEL TO SAXT rZLAlTCXSCO.
\VEKK DATS- »:0S. 6:oO. 7:33.« ?:SO. »:UOt
11:15 a. m. ; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:00. S:20.
B:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:4J^
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tKxcept Saturday. 1
L^ava I In Effect I Arriv*
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. \ 8an Fran.
Week I Sun- J De»tlna- I Sun- I Weelc
Days. I dayg. | tloo. | daya^, | Day*.
7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a -""\ • 8:40 a 8:40*
8:00 a 0:30 a Is=ac!<x 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0<> p 8:20 j»
5:10 p 8:10 p 6:20 pi 7:25 »
7:25 p
S:45 pi
7:30 a 7:30 a ~ 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:3op »:30a Petaluma. C:20p 6:aO[>
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Koaa. 8:45 pt
7:30 a 7:30 a |10:2O a|10:2i>a
8:0Oa 8:0O a Fulton. I 7:2S p «:2l> p
2:30 p 2:30 p 1 8:45 p| 7:25 9
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbnrr. 10:20 a 10:20*
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyjervllle, 7:23 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. |
7:3Oa| 7:30 al HopUnd jl()i2oT;iO:2O *
2:30 pi 2:30 pi and Uklah. [ 7:23 pi 7:25 p
I I wmita, 1 I
7:30 a] 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:23 pi 7:23 p
"8:00 818:00 a! Guernevine and 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 pj Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p( 6:30 p
~*ToOa S:fl«>a " S:lOa!S:4O»
5:10 p »:."M)a Sonoma, «:«» p| 6:20 p
5:10 p Gljn Ellen. 8 : 45 pf
7:30al 7:30 a I 110:30 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pj Sebastopol. ' I 7:25 p| _6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whit*
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Sprtnjrs; at
Fulton for Burke' s Sanitarium: at Lytton fop
Lytton Springs: at Geyservtlle for Ska?<;4
Springs: at Cloverdala for the CJeysera. toone.
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnir?. Kelseyvjlle. Uri«-
bad Sprlngi. Soda Bay. LaWeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Petno. Pott*r Valley.
John I>ay'». Hiverside. Llerley's; Bucknell*.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Ho:
Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Kort Brag*.
Westport. IT sal; at Willits for Fort Brass.
Westpcrt. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. [,.iy:,, v
vllle. Cummins. B*il'a Springs. Harris. O.setti
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu*
reka. • ."¦;.¦
Saturday to Monday rcund-tr'p tickets at re-
duced rate?.
On Sundays — Koun«l-trip tickets to all points
beyond £S*i\ Rafael at half rates. "•*«.
Ticket Offlc?. €3O Market atreet. Chront<;t»
I butldlnp. ' • -.
JAS. L. FRAZIKR. R. X. RTAN. '
Gin. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agrt,^ t
Weekly Call $1 per Year
ItOOMS AXP BOARD — Continiied.
LLEGANT eur.-.y front room: modern; private
far.;ily; first-clats beard. I2C3 O'Farrell sU
COUCiI. 112't. rr. OFarrel! — Excellent board;
tur.nj rooms: home cocking; $4 £0 and $5.
HOWARD SJIA— Flirt-claw bcanl and room,
•ir.ile •„!- OouHe. $3-?C irk.: Amerlcgn family.
Tl'MK. S£2— Nicely furnished eunny rooms and
• ¦•-sxd_; reasonable. '
J- ¦<¦•¦¦<• v,> ou MaMicn, cpp. Grace Church, annex
V 'T CaHfcnrfa — F'"' roorrs.learn prioe«.try table
JtOOItfS ArTD BOABD WAIfTED.
V.WVTKIJ— By riderly n:an. by August 1.
tjjru an<l K-oVinE on a fruit ranch or farm;
»un-.- pa:Uculare._ STEVENS. 126 4th Bt.
SPECIAL 3TOTICE3. £-
~ » e ternary <•: the St. Francis Girls' Di-J
rp<;or> OtphaTi Afjium herewith gives notice ,
th.-.t the iollo«::ij; orphan. hsK-crr-haji and (
tbxndoucd bojf sr.d cirls have been admitted j
t<j the nrylur.i a; Central avenue and Waller'
*irett turn January 3. 1SG4, to Juiy I. 1004:
C^!herlra Mcndcza 2 yrs. ; Annetta Mendora.
4 yrs.: l!ary Ko^tiis. 11 yrs.; Alexander Con-
way. 9 >rs. . A<iUie Cor.wey. S yi-s. ; Berdine
Ccrway. 5 yre.: Willie McLaughlin. 7 yre. ;
Kdr.arrt WcL-iii?h!in, 5 yre.; Juanlta Ruiss, 11
yrs.; ricra Healer. 4 yrs.: Margaret Healey.
f. >!>.; L*ona Healer. 2 yrs.; Add> Healey, 5
tncs. ; Ccorc* Nolan. 6 yr*. ; John Nolan, o
jro.: Mary Clark. 10 1 r*. f« mos.: AgnM
«"'.a:k. :i > r*. S n:os. : Annie Clark. 7 yrs. 5
(M* : CathCTiSC Clark. C yrs. 5 r.-.os. ; MaJelisie
• 'ls»k. '_' >ry. 5 met.; Uarearet Clark. 11 mos.;
£chx> Arrassez. S >•«.: Jarr.cs Arrwwez, 0 yrs.
• r. j>.; Winifred i"«y. S yrs.: Sherman Fay.
ft rs.; Enz*ne Phillips, 5 yrs.: Reymond
5*h'i!i r . ? , 4 >-•¦*. ; Gladys G. Pyles. «} yr*. 9 mos.:
LilUM :i*r.ken. 7 yrs.: Mary McClellan. 10
j rs. ."• r; ... ; GI«dv Zi. Connolly. 1 jr. 7 me?.:
Kd.va r:.!I!;p«. 8 yr? : Fred Fairy. 7 yrs. 6
mrs. : Albert Farry. C years 11 mcs. ; Louise
Tarry, ;: yr*.: David Fairy, 1 yr-; Annie
WJ5«r«. 3 yn. 9 Tnce. ; Francis Wilson, yr.
¦•• rr.o*.- Kmj i'orcptfn, 8 3"r». : John Comp-
•.t-n. 4 jrj., A'ice Z^e Gere 7 yrs.: Olive
AtiitrtatM. 12 jrw.: l>eona Ander3cri. 11 yr».;
Mjttery .¦»nd?r«.-t;. 10 yre.: Baaliac Anderson, a
:-r».: Louife Ainlei-w»n, S yrs ; Monrick AnJer-
»"i:. 7 yr».; Joha Cr;erille. S >rs. : Louis Cherille.
«• M* : 'leaner O'Hr.tr.. :; yrs. : Joseph Lewis.
•¦ <if-: Ai.tor.-i Lr-r. >. 5 :rt.: Ar.ni» C<^grore.
T ; rf. ; J->rph Coszrcrre, i yrt.: Lena El*ter,
** :-'5.: Elstcr. T. yr».- 4 nr.os. : John
XV:i.t.*.. C yrii. 11 mcs.; Violet Ltleliton, 5
yrm. 9 me-. : ircrte Leightor.. 4 yrs.: Raymond
Li:«ri:on. 2 yrs. G ir.is. : Ethel Johnson. 0 yrs.
?• ir.or. : Ellen Gettonby. 11 yr». ; Reta Get-
ter.ry. 1 jr.: Ms be! Defer*?, C yn=.; E^ir.a De-
I'-iry. 3 M*. ; Waiter Delorey, 1 >r.; Florence
V. «:i ft xri.. ; Edna Tcad. 7 yrs.: Francis Mc-
;^nsld. 10 vie.; Camelia Mcr.dora. 11 yra.:
TrUIiai«l M^ndora. « yrs.; Patrick Murphy, 5
ST*. f> mos.; Hazel Tounc 4 yrt.; Lena Taro-
brt»». 'J yrr. ; laurer.'-e Petere. 7 yre.; Frank:
P<:r-rii. r. yr».; Frank Lutz, 7 yrs.: Haroll ;
FetmbKi. 2 yr«> : Manuel de Lemos. 5 yre. 6
«k-».; Norman <)• Lemos. 4 yrs.: Vicla Kelly, 11 1
:••*.: Willie Kflly. 0 yrs.: Walter Brown. 8!
>n».; Artcny Pinion, 1 yr. ; Lillie Gannon. 7
jtj-.: Charley Gudierrex. Z yrs. ; Elizabeth
Wood*. 2 yrs. 4 mos.: Alice ilcNerty. 5 yr». :
Ellen McNesby 2 yrn. : William Edwards. «
yr». 2 aiot. ; Carrie Wilson. 9 yrs.; Gertrude
< srl*?:i. 0 \ts. ; Edward Will. 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
Catherine Newman. 10 yrs. ; Elsie Murray. 11
<r».; Roy Elp.cr. :: y.s.: Carol Drexil, 10 yrs.
<; f?K*.; Harry Prexil. 8 yr5. B mos.
STORAGE AITS WAKEHOITSES.
A — ElJI^ORn.'M Storage &. Van Co.; furniture,
l>out>eh<-'lij foorfs ttored. moved, shipped. 725- ;
7.11 Howard et., nr. Third; phone Grant 161. i
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; stcrage,
recking. xhl;>ririg warehouse. G. G. and Van
N*s«; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy s»t. ;
t-hone Mint 2341: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.; |
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored, j
}'1ERCE-RO1KILPH Storage St Moving Co., of-
fice Port tnd Powell etc. ; lei. Pri. Ex. 57L
OONKLIX'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. VjXZ Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
COLDKN West advances made. $49
Mission St.; tel Howard i»41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2-':2O Fiilmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BTTKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
*t.. t-1. M--.;n 1*-yy Shipping at cut rates.
SE^NG^MAC^WES^AlTO^OrppijttS.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented loweet rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market rt.. near Sixth. . -
via vi. ;
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
b.-oklet mailed free; correspondence invite-d.
VI A VI CO 2304 Van Nesa ave.
PROPOSAL.
DEPARTMENT of th\ Interior. Office of In-
dian Affair*. Washington. D. C. July 13,
1904. — Notice is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of nnleasfd segregated coal and ;
aF^halt land* anj unleaded segregated coal
and asphalt depiwitu will be opened by the !
Commissioner of Indian ACairs at his offlc*. |
in Washington, at dates as follows: For the !
pun.-ha&e of tracts within the McAleetor Dis- j
tr'.ct tNo. I), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern ,
tlnr-). Monday. October 3. 1904; for tracts '
in the Wilburtcn-Stigler District (No. 2), at j
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De"
cember 5. lt»04: for tracts in the Howe-Po-
tttau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. February 6. 1905;
for tracts in the McC«irtain-Mas»>y District
1X0. 4), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time),
M-.nday. April 3, 190f<; for tracts in the Le-
i.igh-Arimore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 5. 1905:
end for tracts In District No. 6 (unleased
spgrogiited ufphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m. :
¦ Eastern time>. Monday. August 7. 1905.
• "irr-uiar* descriptive of the lands and d»posit»
to be eold and copies of the regulations of
June 17. li*.>4. «;f>verning the sale of the un-
Seasei scgregate<i coal and asphalt lands and
unlesfed segrf-gated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may lx> obtained upon application to this
offi'-e or the United States Indian Agent.
Union Agency. Muskogee. Indian Territory.
Kids must b* <m the prejicribed form, which
will be found in the regulations. A certified
oh*t-k or draft for twenty per cent of the
¦ mount of th» hid muM accompany the bid.
The lands will be Fold for cash, and success-
ful bid-Jers will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
•mount of thfir refpectlve bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them of notice of the
acceptance of th<« same. If a successful bid-
der fail* to comply with the terms of his bid
xvlthin the time Fpocined the check deposited
-fcy him ns an evidence of good faJth will be
forfeited to th« use of the Choctaw and
Chlckasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all tids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a < lause "subject, however, to
exiftlnjr rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER. Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of th# Interior. Wanhington. D C
July 33. 11XM. Approved. THOMAS RTAN
Acting Secretary.
NOTICE to contractor* — Notice is hereby given
that bids will be received by the City Clerk '
ot the. City cf Eureka. California, up to and
Including August 9, 1004. at 7:30 p. m., for
the coi:Etruction of the extension of the pres- '
cnt «*w»r tytl-zn in accordance with the i
T'lans and »r*cinca.tlon« on file in this office 1
The Council reaerves the right to reject any '
end all bids. j
J. P. WUNDERLICH, City Clerk.
Dated July 13, 1&04.
STUTTERiarO^ASp STAKMEBISrO.
AT Melbourne Institute. Van
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In D. &.: private: established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2C26 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Gustav A. Peikowski. 34, city, and Lavina
P. O. Mitchell. 34. city.
John r>e Ilono, 32. 24 John street, and
Milaui- M. Couly. 21. 254 >£ Perry street.
Oscar \4'. Pekuri, 22. Fort P.ragg, and Hilda
Ytilamnji, 20, ::2*.»'i Third Ptreet.
Thomas J. Renton. 21, 1XA Pine street, and
Dorothy E. Meiers. IS. r..%4 Hays street.
Jct.s<? M. norland. 30. 3:{S0 Twentieth tstreet,
prj.l Annie E. Pratt. 38. 1£3S7 Howard street.
I-iiaUe Bertolucci. 34. S15 Montgomery
etroet. and Carolina Giuliani. 27. 524 FilbTt.
Juliur Deluchi. 22. ::24 Vallejo street, and
Florence Giac-.i^tti, is. 421 Vallejo street.
Mazl!ic Uiie-bfiler. 26. Alararda and Marie
Cosdoa. 2!. 10 Stephens Court.
3'mtvh Catt/31-'. XI. n2<:u Broadway, and
C*m-rm<! Cotuloa. 29, 10 Stephens Court. '
.Jakob Rdhwer. 2i. 211 Ivy avenue, and
Luis- VVUine. 2.".. 241 Ivy avenue.
Luici TruiTelll. 2-I. Tcmescal, and Lulgia
F«"«rari. T.'. 5 Varennes street.
Tam<-kif!:i Enoue, 3:{, Alameda, and Tal
rnoue. 2S. Alarr.fda.
EIHIBS— MABBIAgES— DEAffiSL
Birth, marriage and death noticea s^nt by
mail will not h^ ins« rted. They must be handed
in af cither of Uie publication offices and be
iiul..r*>ed with the name and residence of per-
vors authorized to have the same published
N«,ticc* i**trlctfcd tlmply to the announcement
of th* cvtnJ sire published once in thin column
tree of charge.
BORX. ~
HAMMOND— In this city, to the wife of Dr.
William G. Hammond. U. S. A. <no« Plato).
a dcufhter.
MaeMAKTIX— In UiIf city. July 17. 1004, to
• the wife of George MacMartin, a Fon.
TOVVLES— In thi* city, July 17, 1904. to the
wif» cf Oliver D. Towleii. 'at*;on.
31 Alt HIED.
BROWN-OLSON— In this rlty, July 10, 1904,
l'j' the Rev. Dr. E. NeJander, pastor of the
„ Kirst Kncliwh Lutheran Church, Herman
O. iz. Drown and Emma C. Olson, both of
thiM citj'.
DIKD.
Altman, Josech : Machabec, Eleanor
Bidlnccr, Custave McKevitt, Annie I*
Uiackmar, Mrs. L. Morse. Gvorse B.
Doran. Margaret Mullins, John
KcetKrg, Anna M. Poland, Frank S.
Fischer Rosalia KeStmann. Ausueta
Hallinan, Cyril N. Ritter. Theodore D.
Hanson, Lars Schafer, Carl W. P.
Hanson, Lima Simi. Pietro
Mauser. Margaret B. Smith, Lillias McB.
Heycr. John A. Taggart, Pete
Johnson. Emma Walker. Thomes B.
Knop. Henrj- Walth. Mary A.
Lrnncn, • Matthew WaDpenhans. Carl
Lindenstadt. Henri- Wolff, Michael
ctta Wood, William
Lundberg. John.L.
ALTMAN— In this city, July 21. 1004, Joseph
Altinan beloved eon of Louis and Carrie
Altman, and brother of Ira. Henry. Max,
Kstlier. Kmrna and Minnie Altman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, ascd 10 years.
B1D1NCER— In this city. July 21, 1004,
Gustave IJidincer. beloved brother of C. A.
Bidinser of Honolulu, Mrs. Albert Hauser
and Mrs. J. P. Trumpour. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 32 years 10 months and 3 days.
BLACKMAR— In Berkeley. July *J1. 1904. -at
2133 Center street. Mrs. Laura Biackmar,
aged S6 years G months and 1 day.
DORAN— In this city, July 10, 1904. Margaret,
relict of the late Patrick Doran, and mother
of Mary, Annie, James and Daniel Doran
and Mrs. M. Leveisa, a native of County
A:itrim. Ireland. (Virginia City. Nev.. papers
pleas* copy).
C^Fritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 24 Kisiling •treet, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa Cem-
etery.
EGEBERG— In this city, July 21, 1804, Anna
Margratha. beloved wife of- the late Henry
Kgebeig, and devoted mother of Henry P.
. Egeterg of Rfddinp, Cal.. and Helen, Ed-
ward and Anna Ecebersr, a native of Han-
over. Germany, axed IS years 5 months and
17 days.
FISCHER— In Los Angeles. July 21. 1904.
Rc«aMa Fischer, relict of Albert Fischer,
and mother of Mrs. M. Samter. Mrs. Louis
Samter and Jacob A. and Sam A. Fischer.
HAlLINAN-tin this city. July 20, 1904.
C.rril Nathanlsl Hallinan. dearly beloved
son of Nathaniel and Nora Hallinan, and
beloved brother of Ebther M. and the late
Lloyd D Halllnan and grandson of Patrick
and Sarah Hallinan. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 9 months and 15 days.
C7"The- funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the r*sld?nce of
his parents. 14X3 Seventh avenue South, be-
tween M and L streets South. South San
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANSEX- In Berkeley, July 21. 1904. Lare
Hanstn, a native of Denmark, aged 54 years.
HANSON — In the City and County Hospital.
July 21. 19Oi, Lima Hanson, a native of
Denmark, axed 55 vt;ars.
HAUSER— In this city. July 20. 1004. Mar-
garet B . beloved wife of Edwin Hauser.
and dauehter of Mrs. Sarah Norton, a na-
tive cf Bangor. Me., aged 35 years.
E7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 94(5 Mission street. ¦ Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HEYER— In this city. July 21. 1904, John A.
Keyer. a native of Germany, aged 37 years
S months and 21 days. A member of Court
t-onora No. 129. F. of A.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
July Zi, at 10:30 o'ciock, from the funeral
I»arlors cf Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
¦.venue. Funeral under the auspices of the
Board of Relief of the Foresters of America.
Interment Cycress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. July 20, 1904. Emma
Johnson, a native cf Sweden, aged 22 years.
KNOP— In this city. July 19, 1904, Henry
Knop. beloved brother of the late Elfert
Knop. a native of Germany, eged 74 years.
[[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple. corner Pest and Montgomery
Ftreets. where services will be held under
the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127, F.
and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, via electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. Remains at the
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass Com-
pany, 917 Mission street.
LENNOX- In Gilroy. July 21. 1904, Matthew
I^-nnon, a native of Manchester, England,
«ged S3 years.
L1NDENSTADT— In this city. July 21, 1904,
Henrietta, beloved wife of Adolph Linden-
Ftadt. and mother of Charles, Gustave,
Rol*rrt and Martha Lindenetadt, a native
Of Roeacen, Germany, aged 70 years.
LKNDBERG— In the United States Marine
Hospital. July 21, 1904. John L. Lundberg,
belov-.d brother of Erick Lundbers, and
cousin of Mrs. C. Rahe. a native of Syderr
Ha mm. Sweden, ased 44 years. (San Fran-
cis<-o Swedish papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invittd tr. attend the futvenU to-day
(Friday). July 22. at 3:30 o'clock, from the
ihapel of the United States Marine Hospital.
MACHABEE— In this city, July 21 1904,
Eleanor, beloved wife of Eugene J.
Machabee, and mother of Marie Antoin-
ette, and beloved daughter of John J. and
the late Bridget Feenty, and Bister of
Johnnie. Annie. Lottie and the late Mary
tnd Johnnie Feeney, a native of New York,
aged 34 years. (New York papers please
copy.) \
lETNotlce. of funeral hereafter.
MeKEVITT— In Fruitvale July 20, 1904,
Annie Laura, beloved wife of Barney Mc-
Kevitt, and mother of Rose E., Annie M.
and Bernard F. McKevitt. and dauithUr of
Joseph and Ellen M. Kinley, a natire of Cal-
ifornia, aged 41 years $ months and 25 days.
t-X Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 22, -from the residence of her parents
Bay avenue. Melrcse, thfnce to St. Eliza-
beth's Church at 9:30 o'clock where ma<i
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment tit, Mary's Cemetery.
MORSE— In Maryeville, July 1I». ]«K>J CJeorce
B. Morse, father of Mrs. Virginia Holland,
Blanche Moree and Harry Morse Jr., and son
of Harry N. and Virginia E. Morse, and
brother of Mrs. Mathew de la MonUnya
and Mr?. Stewart McMullan a native of
Oakland, aged 48 years 1 month and 1 day.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
, to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of hts father. Harry N. Mors\ corner
Newton avenue and Hanover street, Pcralta,
Height*. East Oakland. Interment private.
MULLINS— In this city, July 18, 1904. John
MuMins. a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). July 22. at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. P. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth under
the auspices of Marine Painters' Union
No. 1. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
POLAND— In this city, July 20, 1904, Frank
S.. beloved father of Harry F. Poland, a
native of Massachusetts", aged 62 years.
.BEITMANN— In this city, July 20, 1904,
Augusta, dfarly beloved wife of Diedrick
Iteltmami, and sister of Mrs. George Bern-
hani. a native of New York City, aged M
years 3 months and 20 days. (Brooklyn,
N. Y., papfrs please copy.) - -."^
(CKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 24, at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
tUn<-e. St Capp street, near Sixteenth. Cre-
niation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
RITTER— In this city, July 21. 1004, Theo-
dore Diedrich Carl Rltter, beloved Ron of
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Rltter, and brother of
Mildred Rlt^?r and twin brother of Irmgard
IUttfr. aged 9 months.
C^The funeral services will be held
Saturday, July 23, at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his parents. 2300 Filbert street. In-
t^nccnt i>rl vflitc*.
BCHAFRR— In Naca, July 20, .1904 Carl
Wllhelm Peter, dearly beloved husband of
Maria Schafer, and devoted father of Mrs
Louise Fischer, a native of Germany, aged
61 yeara 5 months and 22 daye. A member
of hureka Ix>dce No. 6, O. d. H. S.
CyFriends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) July 23, at 8:3O o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Euhr & Co.. 1137 MiBsion
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to/ &t. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
arenue, for services, commencing at 9
o clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIMI— In Healdsburg, Cal., suddenly July 19
MJ04. Pi»tro Simi. beloved husband of Vic-
toria Simi. and father of Harry C Slmi
Mrs. C. A Krone. Mrs. F. Pinella and
Mrs. G. R. Stiles, a native of Lucca. Italy
aged CD years. J '
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
on Sunday, July 24, at 1 o'clock, at Sts-
Peter and Paul's Church, Filbert and
Dupant irtretts.
SMITH — In Oakland. July 21. 1904. Lillias
McBeth Smith. Infant daughter of A. W
snd Lillias Smith, a native of Oakland
Cal., aged 10 months and 25 days.
TAGGART— In Selma, July 20, 1904. Pete
Taprjrart, b?lcve<l husband of Sarah TaggarL
and father of Jennie, Cathleen Johnnie and
Mary Taggart. and brother of Mrs. S. J
Brownlee. a native of Ireland, aged 31 years.
WALKER— July 16. 1904, Thomas n. Walker
of 91»1 Willow utrect, Oakland beloved hus-
band of Kate Walker, and father of W G
R. S. and II. O. Walker. Mrs. J. L. Day,
Mr*. George C. Morrow, Mr*. Carrie
launders. J. B. Stevens, Mrs. M. Young and
MIk A. Stevens. A member of Knights of
Pythias Lodge No. 20 of Stockton, Cal.
> Stockton and Amador County papers please
copy.) . • v ,
try Friends and acquaintances and ladlea
HENRY J, CA'CLACH>.R; CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTOR3-AND EMUALMERS.
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at SCO MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth ct.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
of Appomattcx and Lyon Relief Corps are
invited to attend the funeral services to-day
(Friday). July 22, at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence ot James Taylor, 1211 Clay street.
Oakland.
WALSH— In this city, July 20. 1904. Mary A.
Walsh,, a native o£ Ireland, aged 74 years.
WAPPKNHANS— In this city, July 19. 1904,
at his residi-nc?. 04 Fell street, Carl Wap-
p-:nhans a native of Denmark.
WOLFF— In this city; July 21. 1904, Michael
! Wolff, beloved father of Aaron Wolff, Mrs.
' Sarah Rosenberj? and M:a. Ksther Baehr, a
native of Bavaria, affed 76 years 3 months
and 12 days.
GryFr'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 24. at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townscnd streets. .
WOOD— in this city, July IS. 1904. William
Wood, a native of Washington, D. C.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July £2, at 10 o'clock,, from Charles J. B.
Metzler's undertaking parlors. tiUt; Wash-
ington street. Interment National Ceme-
tery, Presidio.Continued on Fase Fourteen. .
NEW YORK. July -21.— There was marked
hesitation end uncertainty in the tone of spec
ulative -sentiment te-dejr, and neither the oc
c-^icnal advance* nor: the intervening reac
tions croc»e<Jcd far on account of timidity of
room tracing Kcracnt about following the
movement. The fcudden slump st the v«ry
clo*e Ia3t nicht involved losses fcr »ame
traders who over«!tyed their market on
account of the aopearuice of the strength up
ie tbat tlrmV roll* a similarly delayed xmUjr
New York Stock Market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10c per ' lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium, 12%c for light.
13%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c: California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef. $10910 50 per bbl;
extra - Me*a. SUSll 50; Fasiilr. &12312 SO;
The local situation continues dull and un
changed. The Chicago advices of Mitchell.
Mulcahy & Co. yesterday said: "The strike
Is supposed to be settled. This made a little
more activity, with some covering cf shorts-
The war new* also probably Induced some
scattered buying of long stuff. Until .the
movement of Hogs has resumed Its natural
course the cash situation' will not be ap
parent. Naturally the first movement after
the delay should be a liberal one."
Provisions.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW TORK. July 21.— Close: Money on
call, very easy, a; per cent to 1% per cent;
closing bid. % per cent: offered, 1 per cent.
Time ment-y was easy; sixty and ninety days
2Q21& per cent; six months, avi per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, .TUflji^ per cent*
Btcrllng exchange, etead»\ with actual businejw
in bankere' blln at $4.87C5S4.6710 for demand
and at $4.845004.6455 for sixty days.
Ported rates, ?4 85%@4 86 and $4 88.
Commercial b!!!s. $1 ol^@4 54%.
Bar silver, 5S%c.
Mexican dollars, 45 %c.
Government bonds, steady: railroad bonds,
heavy.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7\iflt9%c;
Peaches, 5*i©7%c per lb; Figs. 2-crown bricks.
52%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown, 65c; 6-crown,
75c; bulk white. 3Vi@3%c: black. 4c. Old crop
—Evaporated Apples. 6%©7%c pee lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2^2 V4o for the four
sizes.
* RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown,
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga.
loose, 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3»ic: Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; seedless
Muscatels^ 3%c: do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rais
ins. lG-cz cartons, fancy. 6%c; choice. 5Vic;
12-ox. cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4%c; in
bulk, fancy. 5^ic; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London
¦Layers. 3-crown. $135; 2-crown. $125. :•
"NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%@14c;
No. 2. Il%ei2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. 11911%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9'ic for Languedoc; Peanuts Cfl'c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%®12%c for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted. 59
6c; light amber extracted. 4%65c; dark. 3%
©4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Niits,Raisins,Honey.
CHICAGO. July 21. — Opening quotations In
September wheat were unchanged to i^c to Uc
higher, at S"6S7Uc to S7$ic. A resumption
of unsettled weather in the West and South
west was largely responsible for the firmness
manifented at the ' start. The further delay
In the marketing of new wheat, resulting from
rains, was a good reason for fresh purchases
by the holder who had sold out the day before.
In anticipation of Immediate heavy receipts.
Offerings were so light that the price was
soon more than 3c above the Initial figures.
The strength of July was reflected in the more
distant deliveries, September advancing to
8«%c. Sentemb-r closed at SS&SSS^c; j u j y
closed at »5%c.
The ctrenrth of wheat was largely responsi
ble for the firmness of corn. The market closed
almost at the high point. September closed at
49»4©4fi%c.
Hentiment in the oat market was bullish,
partly because of the strength of other grains,
but chiefly on account of the small local stocks
and the poor' prospects of receipts being much
increased in tho near future. September
closed tt 33%c.
The impression that packers were supporting
hog products turned a rather weak provision
market into a strong one. September pork was
up 12Hc and lard and ribs were up 10c at
the close. .' .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open.- High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
July, old 94 08 94 96H
July, new 93% 97 93^ 95%
September, old. &8V4 »0t, 8S«, 00U
September, new 87}i 883, 87 ft 88»i
Corn, No. 2—
July 40# 49% 49 49%
September .;... 49V* 49% 49^ 49T,
December 45% 46% 45% 46^
Oats. No. 2—
May 35 35% 35U 35%
July 39J4 89% 39}J 39%
September 3294 83% 32% 33%
December 33% 33% 33*i 33%
Mesa Pork, ger bbl—
July 12-75
September 12 62% 12 85 12 62% .12 82%
October 12 65 12 82% 12 05 12 82^
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
July 6 82% 6.85 6 82% 6 85
September ..... 6 82% 6 95 \ 6 82% 6 95
October 6 W) 7 00 6 90 7 00
• Short Ribs, per -100 lbs —
September"!'.!'.'. 1 42% 7 55 7*42% 7 50
October 7 47% 7 57% 7 47fc 7 52%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. July 21.— Cash quotations were aa
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat
88<&89c; No.. 3, SSfi^dc; No. 2 corn, 49@49?ic'-
No. .2 yellow, 61c: No. 2 oats, 40%c; No 3
white. 42>4c; No. 2 rye. 75c; good feeding bar
ley, 35®3Sc; fair to choice malting 42@5<>c-
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17%; No. 1 Northwestern,'
$1 21%; prime timothy seed, $2 95; megg pork
per bbl. $12 70012 75; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 82 V,
©8 85; short ribs sides (loose). $7 25@7 37%
nhort clear sides (boxed). $7 25®7 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 28; clover, contract
grade. $11 25.
Articles — l Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 26,200 29 400
Wheat bushels 18,000 66900
Corn, buehels... .....107,700 265,200
Oats, bushels 104,400 134,000
Rye, bushels............... 6,000 8,000
Barley, bushels 165,600 65,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, July , 21.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady
creamery, ISM To; dairy. 12@15c; eggs steady
at mark, cases Included, 16%@lG%c; cheese
steady. 7«4©a%e. .
Chicago.
¦ CHICAGO'. - July 21.— CATTLE — Receipts.
6000. ' Steady. " Coed - to *rlme alcera. (j &0&
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
STOCK MAEKET.
Receipts of Apricots In bulk were heavier
than previously, but the market continued
active and the prices established on the pre
ceding day were well maintained. The can
ners were operating freely and the demand
among retailers was briik. the top quotation
being easily obtained for eeleeted lots from
Watsonvillt and Martinez. There was con
tinued firmness in Peaches, trade being active,
both on local and shipping accounts. Plums
and Prunes continued abundant and were in
clined to easiness, the top quotation being
obtained only for the very best lots of the
Tragedy variety. CVj being about the top for
all other kinds. Green Plums were being
bought by the canners at $20^25 per ton.
Bartlctt Pears arrived freely and were easy at
about previous prices. Sales of the* best No. 1
were repotted for canning account at $.">0 per
ton and No. 2 stock was cleaned tip for th«
Faroe i-urj'Ose at the quotations. Receipts «f
FIks were very light and Included a few
boxes from Sonoma, the first of the season
from that quarter, which , sold at $1 60 per
box Apples were weak under heavy receipts
and It was difficult to obtain ov*r $1 25 for
the fanciest stotk. Crab Apples were offering
freely but met with slow sale. Common
offerings of Blackberries from S«bastopol were
weak at tha minimum quotation, but every
thing else in tho berry line ruled firm at good
prices. Melons and Grapes had little change
and Citrus fruits stood, as previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— *1©6 per chest for Long
worth and Alvlso Berrlea and $2 5054 lor th«
larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — %2f%3 50 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— *5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 12^,c per lb.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates, 50000c;
In bulk. $35@40 per ton to canners and 2^3c
per lb to the trade.
APPLES— $1@1 50 per box for fancy and
50585c for common to choice; Crab Apples,
5CKff<50c per box.
PEARS — Bartlett, 75cG$l for wrapped; In
open boxes. 75c® Jl for No. 1 and 35©5Oc per
box for No 2; email green varUties. 35350c
per small box or basket and 75©90c for open
boxes.
PEACHES— Small "boxes. 60<8«5c: large open
boxes. S5c@$l: baskets, €0S"5c.
PLUMS AND PRUNES — W@73o per crate
and 25@40c per box; In bulk. $20®25 per ton.
FIGS^ — Jl 25@1 50 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. crates from the
river $2^2 50; from other sections. $1 25©2;
Nutmeg Melons from the river, $1 25 per box;
Watermelons. $1©3 per^ dozen
' GR Seedless. 75cg$l 25 per box or
crate- Fontalnebleau. 5C@75c per crate; other
varieties. $161 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 50©2 60 per
box for Valencia* and $1 25O1 60 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25S2 75 for fancy.
$1 50191 75 for choice and $191 25 for stand
ard- Grape Fruit. $1©1 60; Mexican Limes,
$484 50 per case; Bananas. $125J?2 5O per
bunch for Central American and $1©2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 50®2 50 per doxen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver was \ic off. Sterling and European
Exchange were higher and New Tork Ex
change also advanced.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S5H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7«i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8S* 4
New York Exchange, eight — 07^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce 5814
Mexican Dollars 4a ©47'
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 218
Berlin on London 20.44VJ
Paris on London .25.23
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Th« foreign markets continued
firm. The Marche Francais, the organ of the
French Millers' Association, says that the
French crop prematurely ripened before the
berry was matured and that It will in conse
quence be from 25 per cent to 30 per cent be
low that of last year. The Hungarian crop
is officially estimated at 127,200,000 bushels, :
against 151.500,000 last year.
Chicago advanced l%c. The private wires ;
of Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co. said:
•"The strength was on steady cables, unfav- j
orable Buropean crop news, showery weather i
through the West and lower consols. Prob- j
ably the latter had more Influence than any- ;
thing else. It was largely a covering ¦ of
short?, of which there is a liberal class. Pri
mary receipts In excess of last year. Kansas
City reports a good cash market, but St. Louis
reports hardly go good. The millers are tak
ing the best Wheat and the elevator people j
the poorer Wheat. Cash prices a little better
than yesterday. Northwest crop reports re
main favorable. Both the supply and demand
conditions and the speculative conditions are
for the moment most uncertain. So far move
ment of new Wheat is meeting with a fair
inquiry. With good weather the movement In
likely to continue. Millers are under the
circumstances rather disposed to buy from 1
hand to mouth, and there Is no export busl- |
ness. Speculative situation Is complicated by
the European political news. While very few
believe In the probability of war, the uncer
tainty of.lt Is sufficient to keep an oversold
market In a vacillating condition."
In this market the cash grain continued
firm, though offerings were larger. Futures
were 2c higher on the morning session, with
a large business. The market is In fine shape
for sellers.
- -•'- CASH WHEAT.
California Club. »1 32'4@1 3S«4r California
White Australian, $1 52Vi@l 57H: Northern
Club, $1 32*4©1 37V5: Northern Bluestem,
$1 52*6©1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
.Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 35^ $1 36V4 $1 35& $1 38H
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 36%.
BARLEY — The market was again very
strong, with both cash grain and futures
higher ?1 0."% being paid for Feed. The mar
ket lri the ring was nervous and unsettled,
with heavy trading. At the opening the active
covering of shorts advanced prices, but later
on there was large selling to take profits,
which beat them back somewhat.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 OH4®1 03%; new Brewing and
Shipping,- $1 05@l 12^; Chevalier, nominal.
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 05 $1 05^ $104% $1 04«,
2 p. m. Session.
Open. ' High. Low. ' Close.
December ...$1 O4U $1 O4tf $1 04K $1 O4%
OATS — Continue steady, with moderate of
ferings. New Reds ar© quoted at $1 15@1 30
per ctl. . f - ¦* : •
CORN— Previous quotations rule and the
market Is quiet. Receipts have been running
"^Western* 1 sacked. $1 45®1 47% for Yellow.
$1456147% for White and $145 for Mixed;
California Large Yellow, $145^160; small
round do $1 50@l 60; White, $1 45@1 50 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 30^1 35 for White and $125
©1 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 20@l 30 for new and $1 30@l 32#
"BUCKWHEAT— Nominal ait $1 75Q2 per ctl.
Flour' and Millstuffs.
It is reported that Japan will advance the
duty on Flour about 82c per barrel October 1.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. . $4 60#
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50-tN SO:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 60: Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour." $4 60®4 75; Cracked Wheat- $4;
Farina, $4.60; ¦ Whole- Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 60; In sacks. $6 759
8 10; Pearl. Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Over 600 tons of Hay came In and the mar
ket continued weak, though there was no fur
ther decline. Buyers were hanging back, , hop
ing for still lower prices, and their bids were
generally below the views of sellers.
Rather more . steadiness vras reported In
Bran. •
BRAN— $21022 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24«29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21622 per ton. • - •
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21 50*22 60
per ton: Oilcake. Meal at the r.MIL $31 5O#
32 50; Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22S23;
Corn Ceal, $30 5O5J31 50: Cracked Corn. $31©
32; Mixed Feed. $22@22 50; Horse Beans, $309
40 per ton;. Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat.- $8®13: Wheat and Oat. $3®
11; Oat.; $8 00011:. Barley and Oat. $7-60©10;
Voluatear Wild Oat. $7 &0@9 60; stock. 'X0 60® !
Weather Report.
. ClSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
t SAN FRANCISCO, July 21—5 p. m.
The ?oyow:r:g maximum and minimum tem
peratures ere reported for the previous day
from Eastern cities:
Bust on M-PC Ne w Orleans 86-74
Cincinnati 90-70 Philadelphia 86-70
Jacksonville Washington 81-62
St. Louie S4-7O New York 84-68
SAN FRANCISCO C-52.
THE COAST RECORD.
a 2 k o 2 *s
STATIONS. Z |||||§ f ff
i c s : : §
: 3 3: : :
Baker 20. 7« 02 64 E Clear .08
«~=rson 30.00 S6 58 S Cloudy TT.
i Eureka 3O.O6 64 NW Cloudy .<>0
I Fresno 29.76 104 70 NW Clear .U0
S.E. Farallon.25>.94 57 52 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29. S4 72 f.2 SW PtCldy 1.00
Pocatello 29. S6 94 5»i NW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Independence .21*. 76 94 OS SE Clear .00
Los Angeles. ..29. «>2 86 «0 W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais. 29.93 82 76 NW Cloudy .00
North Hee.d...30.02 60 56 S Foggy .00
Phoenix 29.84 88 74 W Pt.Cldy .56
Pt Reyes Lt..29.91 60 50 NW Foggy .00
Portland 29. SS 94 BS NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.76 104 70 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 23.96 S3 G2 NW Clear .00
j Sacramento ..29.82 .8$ 60 S Cloudy .00
j Salt Lake 29. R2 S6 CS S Clear .00
San Franc!sco.23.94 «0 52 W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.2y.92 SO 52 N Pt.Cldy Tr
San Diego 29. SS 74 «4 W Clear .00
Brattle 29.80 90 58 S Clear .00
Spokane 29. 7S 9S , r »6 NE C!«ar .00
Tatoo.«h 52 .'
Walla Walla.. 29.72 102 06 NW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29. SO 94 04 W Clear .00
Yuma 29. 7S 9S SO S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unusual weather conditions .prevail on the
Pacific slope. Generous rains have fallen, in
j Arizona and thunder storms are reported from
1 the valley of the Colorado northward and weft
ward in the Sierra Nevada*.
Cooler weather prevails In Oregon and in the
Sacramento Valley. Warm weather still con
tinues ever the northwest and afternoon tem
peratures exceeding 100 degrees are reported In
Idaho and Eastern Washington.
The following high winds are reported: Car
eon City. CO miles, from the south; Modena. 34,
southeast; Pocatello. 36, northwest, and Baker
City, 2S, northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hrurs ending midnight, July 22:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
¦weather Friday, poseihly thunder storms in the
foothills and mountains; brisk southerly -winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, possibly
thunderstorms in the mountains; fresh south
eart winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
possibly thunder storms; brisk to high southerly
winds.
San Franelsro and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
fresh southerly winds.
A. O. Me A DIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120th meridian time. San Francisco, July 21:
w c n c r o _2.
23 *3 s - e:
6TATI0NS. S. 5. o * 1°
¦ ¦ S ¦$ .** I 35
' . .;-.' ? ? i. 5 £3.
' ' a 2 t? n
• • tL r .68
Cloverdale f>2 Z>2 .. Cloudy .00
Colusa ...... 0$ CS .. Clear .00
Eureka ..; 5S 64 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 104 70 NW Clear .00
Hanford 105 69 .. Cloudy .00
Holllster 76 81 W Cloudy T.
Independence ... ..94 68 EH Clear .00
Svisg City -87 52 N Cloudy .00
Livermore ... ..... 03 56 .. Cloudy .00
L<os Angeles 88 60 W Pt.Cldy .00
Merced 105 73 .. Clear .00
¦Napa 79 53 S Clear .00
Newcastle ...102 82 SW Clear .00
»wrr.an 104 68 .. Clear .00
Palermo 104 62 .. ' Clear .00
Porterville 101 73 W Clear .00
Jled Blurt 1O4 70 FE Clear .00
Riverside 95 C2 .. CUar .00
Sacramento ... .... 8-1 60 S Cloudy .00
Fan Diezo 74 64 W Clear .00
San Francisco CO 62 W Clear .00
Ean Jose 82 R6 .. Clear .CO
E.in Luis Oblcpo SO R2 N- Pt.Cldy T.
£&nta Maria 75 65 .. Cloudy .00
Santa Rosa 78 52 .. Cloudy .00
Stockton »4 C2 .. Cloudy .00
"Willows .: 101 C5 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — All crops in good condition.
Hollister— Fruit drying slowly.
Riverside — Potato planting Is, In progress.
Stockton — Apricot crop about harvested:
heavy shipment cling peaches arriving at can
neries. . ¦-¦- ' ¦ .- ' •¦
Napa — Corn making excellent ¦ growth.
San Jose — Early apricots emaller and lighter
than last rear. , ' ; • .
Eenta Maria— Sugar beets ' ehow excellent
f.ictr percentage; crop large, being mostly un
der irrigation.
King City — Sultry and threatening.
Palermo— Tuscan clings being picked and
sent to canneries.
Livermore — Zinfandel grapes will be- poor In
many vineyards.
Clovcrdal* — Orange prospects are very good.
Har-ford — Excellent prospects for grapes and
prunen: good crop grain.
Ne-WTr.a:i— No change in conditions.
Willows— Peaches about half crop, but good
quality. A. O. McADIE. . .
LOCAL MARKETS.
Receipts of Butter thus far this week hav»
averaged over 1000 boxes a day and the mar
ket Is staggering under the load. The bulk
of the creamery is going at 20c. and only the
finest brands now command 21c, and smart
buyers are getting even them at 20c. Sqme
houses have Instructed their salesmen not to
ask over 20c and to sell the goods, if not at
one price, then at aonther. for the. Butter
must be moved. Storing at current quotations
bids fair to turn out a losing business, bat
come houses have to resort to ic to get rid
of their surplus.
There Is nothing new In Cheese.
Eggs are Ic lower. The recent advance
obliged the retailers to ask the public 35c, but
the public would not pay It. so prices have
had to fall back where the retailers can again
sell at 30c. The supply is large and the de
mand is slow.
Receipts were 105,000 lbs Butter, 1453 cases
Eggs and 3700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 20"221c
for extras and 19c for firsts; dairy. 17S19C;
store Butter. 14S16c: Eastern creamery. 194©
20c; Eastern, ladle-packed. 14S154c per lb.
CHEESE — 8fj»Hc for choice mild new and
S@SVic for lower grades; Young Americas. 11©
U4c; Eastern "10©15c; Utah, 12c per lb.
EGGS—^Ranch. 25^70 for fair to choice;
store. 19®22%c; Eastern. 20©22>4c for firsts
and 17619c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
iVj*l% M^i Pork - * u 50 - e**™ clear. *2I-* M »«»
$17 50: Dry Salted Pork. S^c; Pig Pork. $24;
Pl p:f>«t $3; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6i5?6>*.c per lb for
common and 9c for pore; half- barrels pure.
9£,c; 10-lb tins. 3%c; fl-lb tins. OT»c; 3-lb tins.
COTTOLENE-^Onehalf barrel.- 8% c; threw
half barrels, 8Vic; cne tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
Sc; five tlercea, 7T4c per lb. _
Hides, Tailow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Vtftlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
steers. 9Vic; medium. SHfiUc; light. *3S»4e;
Cow Hides. SSSVic for heavy aod SCS»*c for
light; Stags. 6c;. Salted Kip. 9c; Salt** Veal.
10c; Salted Calf. lO^eilc; dry Hides, 16c;
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. ISc; Sheepskin* shear
lings. 25® 40c each: shcrt Wool. 4O@+V5c each;
medium, 75©90c: long Wool, $1@1 50: Hors«
Hides, salt, $2 73 for large and $2@2 50 for
medium. $1 23-S1 75 for small and 50c for
Colts. Hone HiJes. dry. $1 75 for large and
$1 50 for medium. $191 23 fcr small and 50c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30
©32Hc Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25; large and smooth. 50c; me
dium. 35cj small, 20c.-
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 404*4c P«* Ib;
No. 2. 3^c: grease. 2^®3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17® 19c: San Joaquin and Southern. 12
months'. 10@12c; do 7 months'. OC^le per lb;
Middle Counties. 13#17c for free and 12S15o
for defective; Northern. 16@l$c for free and
14©lCc for defective; Nevada. 13gl6c. accord-
Ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25«?27He per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 19O4 crop ar» quot
ed at 1S320C.
Meat Market.
Previous quotations ruled yrsterdiy. with a
quiet and well-supplied market.
' DRESSED MEAT3.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ar* as follows:
BEEF— 5©7c for Steers and 43«c per Ib for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, ejJSc; small. 8-HOc p«r lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7^CSc; Ewes. 73%»
per lb. - •¦
LAMB— 9«10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6mZ*Hc per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
¦'The following quotations ara for good, sooad
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, .less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7*4fjr7Vic: Cows and Heif
ers. 5Her>V4c; yiln Cows. 4©5c per Ib
CALVES — tS4*ie P«r lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. SViiga^c; Ewes. 38SU<>
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50*92 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4«fi4'%e
200 to 230 lbs. 414c: 130 lbs and u^der, 4Ho;
over 250 lbs. 4^c: soft Hogs, nominal: Sows!
20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off, aa.l
St3gs, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, o'^c: San QuenUn. $3 40-
Wool Bags. 30-332c; Fleece Twin*. 7 He; Fruit
Bags. 64S7&C for whit* and 7o for brown
Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle. $4 SO; Bryant. $6 50: Beaver
Hill, $5 50; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coo«
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14-
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump'
$11 50: Cannel. $S 60 per ton; Coke. $U 503 t;i
per ton In bulk and 115 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 200O lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. According to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels ; for caaaa
add 6c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled tnd
E5c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70e;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 1(<J t 12; Luooi. 48a
for boiled and 4t'« far raw; China Nut. cases.
62HfiS0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
ft$c fcr Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural wintsr
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whala
Oil. 57c: natural Whale Oil. 52e: extra winter
strained Lard OIL 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 6.V;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsfaot Oil,
«3c: light Hfrriag OH. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. C3c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
I COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13e: Pearl Oil. in cases. 19*4c; Astral. l»'ic:
f?t«r. 19 He: Extra Star. 24c; Elatn-e. 26c:
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 16c; in cases. 224c; Benzine, is bulk.
13c; Jr. cases, 19^c; S6-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; In cases. -31c.
TURPENTINE — Me per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrets.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Refl Lead. V+9
~%c per lb; White Lead. 7Vi8«»ic. according
to ouantlty.
SUGAR— Fruit Granulated Is .10c higher.
The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bag«:
Cubes. A Crushrtl and Frne Crushed. «.05c:
Powdered. 5.90c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c: Dry
Granulated, fin*. R.Wic: Dry fir&nulated, coars*.
5.SOc; Fruit Granulated. 5.&0c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags onty>. ; ConSectionerV
A. 5.SOc: Magnolia A. 5.40c: Extra C. 5.30c;
Golden C. 5.2Oc: "D." 5.10c; barrels. 10c mort;
half barrels. 25; more; boxes. 60c more; 5<Mb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 8.30e: boxes. 6.55c; H. & E. Crystal
Pomlnris, S.SOc per lb. No orders taken for
leas than seventy- five barrels or its equivalent.
RICE — Is rather easier, especially for do
mestic grades: there has been go<vi buying at
th<» reduced rates put out by tho southern
mills.
CANNED SALMON— Is ntilet. Th» Colom
bia River pack Is about half what It was last
year at this time. On the Sound and In Brit
ish Columbia thera is some improvement la
th» outlook. Sockeye quotations for th* pack
of 1904 have been sent out a« fnllows from th«
north: Halves. 95c; t^lls. $1 SO; flats. $1 «O.
This Is the third time In the history of th«
Industry on Pouget Sound that quotations have*
been as high.
Receipts of Produce. • vf
FOR THTTRSDAT. JULT «. " '
Florrr qr sks... 32. 723! Straw, tons ..... S
Wheat ctls .... 1.4^5 Wool, bales ..... 171
Barley, ctls .... 9.0^4, Shorts, sks ..... 9T3
Oats, ctls 2.023 Tallow, ctls .... 22S
Corn, ctls 75i Hides, No 79O
Beans, sks 70i Pelts. No 315
Potatoes, sks ... 7.619 Leather, rolls ... 55
Onions, sks 5fiC|l>lme. bbls 3ft*
Bran, sks 8.075 ; Paper, reams ... 635
Middlings sks .. 5«o!wine. gala Cft.nno
Hay tons 92Ol5^nrar. ctls ...... 1.C0O
OREGON.
Wool, bales 901 ;*.•.-*.„!
•WASHINGTON. I :*0 •
Floor. «T «xs... CCOI
Amer Tel & Tel.l32Vjl Farrot 24%
Amer Woolen ... HWIQulncy 87
Do pfd 77>*|Shannon eii
Dom Iron & S... 8»4! Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 248 I Trinity 47Va
Oen Electric 1G0 |U S Mining 22%
Mass Electric 10% IU a Oil lUi
Do pfd 74 I Utah 1 38%
Mass Gas 40 Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... 50 IWinona 8
Do pfd 30 1 Wolverine 75
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. SST* IN T Central 122?;
Do for acct.... 8SU Nor & Weetern... 6T5^i
Anaconda ....... 3M\ Do pfd »2
Atchison 8"MlOnt & Western... 31%.
Do pfd S>»U i Pennsylvania .... C2
Bait & Ohio S7VilRand Mines iiV<
Can Pacific 127^1 Reading 27^
Ches & Ohio 35^il Do 1st pfd 43>4
Chi Great West.. 18HI Do 2d pfd.. 36%
Chi. Mil & 8t P. 152^4 So Railway 25
De Beers 1S94I Do pfd on;
Dim & Rio Q.... 23 |So Pacific 52%
Do pfd 74MiUnlon PaclHo .... »9%
Erie 26»4t Do pfd 0«U
Do 1st pfd 64-y«IU S SteeL 12%
Do 2d pfd 40 f Do pfd 63%
111 Central i40%IWabash is
Louis & Nash 12Ot4! Do pfd 38
M. K & Texas... lS^ISpantsh 4s 85#
Bar silver — Quiet. 26&d per ounce.
Money — 2@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2*J@2% V" ceiJ t and for three
months' bills 2 13-1C@2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 21. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $149,328,436; gold,
$49,816,211.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. July 21.— Cotton futures opened
qui«t. July, 10.50c; August, 10.65c; Septem
ber, 9.01c; October, 9.65c; November. 9.56c;
December, 9.62e; January. 9.64c; March, 9.67c. |
Cotton futures closed steady; July, 10.67c;
August. 10.66c; September. 10.12c; October.
O.Slc; November, 9.74c; December, 9.78c; Jan
uary, 9.S3c; February, 9.64c; March, 9.86c.
¦ Cotton closed quiet; middling uplands. 111; ;
middling uplands gulf, $11 25; sales nona.
New York Dry Goods.
NEW TORK, July 21. — The dry goods mar
ket Is steadier and certain authorities predict :
an advance as the result of the strike an
nouncement at Fall River. j
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. July 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
10.104 barrels; export*, 3S00 barrels. More act
tlve and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts, 2000 bushels; sales 4,
800.000 bushels. 1 Spot, eteady; No. 2 red, nomi
nal elevator and $1 07*4 nominal f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 10U* f- o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba f. o. b.. nominal afloat.
j There waa another violent short scars In wheat
I to-day ov.er alarming political news from Eu-
I rop? and prices had over a cent advance. The
close was stronger at Me to net advance.
July closed $11%: September 9l^;e©2^ 8 c,
closed B2*Jc; December closed 91%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. |
WOOL — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — The market closed steady. Sales
25.500 bags, including: July, 5.80c; September'
G.fJ.">c; December, 6.2O@6.25c; March, C45@6.60c;
May, 6.65c; Spot Rio, steady.'
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Steady and unchanged.
CHEESE — Easy and unchanged.
EGGS — Weaker. Western extras, selected,
2Ot32O%c^ Western average prime, lt)@19V4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES^ — The market con
tinues quiet. Prime fruit for October Is quoted
at 5Vie; November, 5 J , 8 c. Spot quotations aro
unchanged. Common are quoted at A&Ct^c;
prime, 59i*5<5c: choice, 6\i@*i\c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — For October shipment are offered
at 4>4c. but the demand continues light. Prices
range from 2c to 6^c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are unchanged. Choice are
quoted at 9Vb®10c; extra choice, 10K&l0V>c:
fancy, Il$rl3c.
PEACHES — Remain steady to firm, but quiet,
with choice held at 7@7'ic; extra choice, "!¥,&
8c; fane}-, 9!£Q10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 21. — Owing, It Is reported,
to very light rcMrre stocks- and an output
hardly sufficient to supply current requlre
menta, tin has recently held firm and to-day
scored good advances both at London and
locally.
Trading In the English market was said to
b» heavr at tho higher price*, and- the: market
closed at £123 for both spot and futures.
I»cally spot quotations were advanced to $27®
27 25. " ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦
Corp^r was lower In the London market,
where sr>ot closed at £57 7s and futures at
£57 2s (id. Locally the market also ehowi-d an
easier ton*, with lake quoted at $12 62!AQ>
12 S74: electrolytic, $12 62>4@12 75; casting.
$12 S-Vjfi^ W>.
Lead was tteady and unchanged at $4 SOg>
4 S3 in the local market and £11 6s 9d in
London.
Spelter was quiet at $4 8564 85 In New
York and also ruled unchanged In London, 1
where it is quoted at £22 2s 3d. i'
Iron cloned at 51s !M in Glasgow and 42s Pd'j
In Mldi11e3boro. Locally Iron was steadier. No. 1
1 foundry Northern was quoted at $1 1*7-14 50; '¦
No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry :
Southern soft, $13 50® 14. J
GAME — Wild Doves. 75c per dozen; H»re.
$1 25@1 60 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits.
$1 75'g^ per dozen.
POULTRY — Live Turkev*. 14^15o per lb;
Geese, per pair. Jl 2531 50; Goslings, $1 25^
1 50; Ducks, $4®4 50 per dozen for old and
$4@5 for young; Hens. $5^5 50 for large and
$4 5Og5 for small; young Roosters, $6 50^-7 50;
old Rooster". $4®4 50; Fryers, |4®5; Broilers,
$•_" 5<>23 50 for large and X2Q2ZQ for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen fcr old and SI 25©1 50
for Squabs.
The Poultry market was In fair shape for
the selling interests, as the demand was fair,
receipts were moderate, and there was no
Weetern offering. Large young Roosters' and
Heavy Hens were- In good demand and small
young stock cleaned up well, but prices were
no higher. A car of Western falls due to-day
and will be. turned over to retailers by the
consignees. Gams was tn good request and
steady for sound stock.
Poultry and Game.
r A CHEERFUL VIEW.
[Wall Street Considers the Outlook
Very Assuring.
The S'Mf York circular of Henry Clews say?:
lncr*eeing strength ar.d activity are the
features of the stock market. The most
noticeable Jnfuenoet contributing to this im
ir>rcves:er.t were, cf course, good crop reports.
«ii«> money ar.d the certainty that the political
•campaign wou'.j develop no disturbing issues.
• Eaxk of these facts. . however, is the support
•«:vtn tte market by the big owners of stocki.
•Of the latter th«^re !« no question. They
: h<jld:c«s have been rreatly aurmente>i during
the recession of the last few months; and
these gtr.tleiEen, who have the very best
jladlliiea for set-leg ahead, have undoubtedly
'cunit to the conclusion that the present is
I* Food orpcrtunity *o put values back again
*-, a DMT« ::r.al leve'.
MOXET AND STOCKS.
In this connection it is worth recalling teat
- tile Bf-vere contraction of l'JU3 forced many
Stocks belcw their intrinsic vaiues; this having
be«?n demonstrated by the high rates of interest
mtich many securities were then yielding upon
their market values. At the *ame time the
, check to financial and industrial activities
vhich occurred in 1S«O3. coupled with the
«aonnout additions to our fcold *uptlits and
cur h»»vy bank :. :- expansion, left the money
market with an abnormal abundance of id!e
fundg seeking investment. It so happens thai
a very ccnsi'ierable portion of these funds
ha* already bv<?n absorbed in temporary rail
road leans, which will eventually be turned
into fixed capital. Another good share of this
•ccumulctlon has been utilized la the taking
cp of new municipal and railroad bonds,
which :cuad exceptional favor among con
servative investors an-i trust institutions. Yet,
In epite cf these past demands ui>on the
money market, th»?re is still a great abundance
cf loanable fund*, and bank, reserves have
z:*ea to unusual proportions; so that bankers,
in face of larse crop demands, show no con
cern about the future of the money market.
Vmally this is the season when preparations
fcr the crop movement are in progress, and
la ordinary times no one calculates upon a
fctili movement in the stock market until th»
tnore imperative dfrr.ar.iis of business and
crop* are satisfied. This year promises to be
• :. exception in this respect, owing, as above
•tated. to the extraordinary ruethora of loan
*£>'.e funds. With ail doubts on this point re
saoved there is nothing to prevent the market
Irons re*j>on2inr to better crop, t-usin^ss and
political ccr.ciu&ns, and it's fact is daily be
coming more generally realized.
THE CROP OUTLOOK.
Tfc« outlook now ie for biff corn aad cot
ton crops. These are facts of the greatest
iniportaisce. Our corn crop. If it r^-aches
?<60Q.OUI>.000 bushels, should yield the grow
ers *bout d.QO(lOQUC0Oq, to tay i:othin« of its
added value in the £har>e of pork and beef.
Our cotton crop. If it reaches ll.000.OuQ bales, j
will yield about 5400,OOU i *iuo to growers, to
ea>v nothing of the profits to railroads, ex-
I-urter* and manufacturers; so that from these
two croi>s alone the country's wealth will be
eugaiMitrf by more than 51,500.000.000. Other
err;* are doing fairly well, and there ar» no
Important rep.jrt» of shortage in any direc
tion. Of course, caviare from drought now
end frwt lst*r is posElb'.e, even probable, for
cotton rsearly always deteriorates in August
and Setter. her. Yet all the crops have ma4e
Rich rood proirress and attained such strength
• s to be able to withstand unfavorable con
ditions exceptionally well. The only excep
tion is Is wheat; Kansas. Missouri and Ne-
Vraska having suffered lnjurj- by exoef=i«!\-e
rains e»timiued at about 25.000.000 bushels.
B'Jt a eaO.OW.OOO bushel crop Is expected.
mrtlUh ¦• only 37.000.0<"iO bushels below last
>«-ftT, and the prk». it should be noted, is
Pt 20 cents higher than a year ago.
THE BUSINESS PROSPECT.
*£ croj> rrospects are already exertlnt a
ulatlne effect upon business, and distrib
utors in the West a^d South are looking for
•»-ura to a satisfactory fall trade. Having
an «>cce?'.lor.ai!y cor.Eervativ« policy
cur.r.g th« past tw*2ve months they enter
The season ir. good f.nanc^.1 condition, with no
heavy etoefcs of merchandise carried over.
E'en is the East, where depression has been
>.?ene*t, there is a rr.cr* hopeful feeing. This
13 ra*t noticeable in the Iron trade, wtolch
Jias *-j.H er:ierg*6 froni r'.x tncntfcs of stringent
rurrattoicst in a'.l sorts of iron end eteel pro
£u<~t«. As a r«-j:t. profiacerm now show more
ccr.nfienc*. ard th» feellsc rrowg that prices
rave finally tf>u'-h«l rock bottcin. As soon
«s this fact b»c-;:n«>» recognited amesj coa
«»«!» orders that hav« been long held bock
»-ill come Jn and recovery must become more
erpsrent than it now is. There :s already a
feeling that a turn fcr the better has taken
!.¦•-'•= in th«? iron tra4«. and thp indications
•re tfcat this feellr.g will extend. BaCroad
eernlne* and berk rj-arints are also mailr^
more satisfactory records, inasmuch as they
thew fewer declines and mon» gains than dur
iag the first six months of the current year.
— — — *
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
Tt« rericrt of Edward A. Btiles. section dl
t^otor, Vnitp3 Elates Weath-r nareau, for th»
CTepcn Crop HuHftin for the week ended July
IP, is as fcllcwi:
Nearly a half an inch of rain fell in the
Willeaette Valley during the latter part of
the week, and greater amounts are reported tn
lh« coast counties. Frequent rains a!to o«
<"jrr*d Jn the •«4rtem sectiens of the State.
The nine -K-ffL at the Cascades have done »n
:.-..-.cn*e »n«ir.t cf zoo<L. They will help all
trowtn* crops. «F?»cial!y potatoes, corn, oats
and lat« Eprir.g wheat. Kops also will bt
benefited, t, well t« gardens and pai>tura)?e.
The gra^i harvest has been Interrupted by the
'. «"<t «reath»-r. and In the coaat counties and
:•¦<'>- •ection tone cut hay will be tnora or
)*5s tfarrar'd. but these lestes are Insignificant
'¦spared with the great good the rain* have
done. A rharr) frort occurred Wcdneisday
v.t,ralas la portim* C f the Willamette Valley
f.r.i in »5Jr.e of tM coatt countif^, but the
rfsr.-isxe *« conflned to t«i<5er vegetation and
*cs not serious, notwithstanding the lateness
f f thr reason.
Fall wheat is filling nireiy. th»> headn being
larse and the berry plump. Although very
UtUe «'br-at has yet been thrashed, correrpond-
T.ts centrally report the yield better than ex-
I-erted. In Fhcnr.an County some complaint of
tv.xzl U made, but generally the quality of the
tvheat is reported above the average. Hops
nre doing ricr-ly. but it is not espeeted that
the yirlds ¦will be quite eo heax-y as last year,
< ri account of the long sjicll of dry TTAather. •
Ftock ccntinueu in Picr;llent condition, but
ristursge i» c'-ttins fhort. an is usual at this
t-Rson tt the year, and the milk eupply in the
<:s.iry herds has decrcared slightly during the
Peaches ere ripe and plentiful, but apples
rave <troj.o*d badly during the week, although
t»c: prospects e*:il continue favorable for a
jf-ood crop of apples.
Salmon Exports for June. *
The fo'.Hwing shows the txports of salmon
*ri*n Eaa Traneicco by pea in June:
"^o — Cs#es. I*krs. Value.
• "¦a;:an Islands 1.2TS COO 5C.344
*^una 2^1 ... 1 287
r.£Et Indies 4K ... i,70o
i*?«» • 13 2 .68
Jrinldsd I*Ur.d ifrO ... tm
Jaisaic* ?0 ... 203
Australia f>* ... 630
Jartfic Islands ZTl -14 ' J.1.14
->?'xico 10 ... 20
America 144. S CIS
r;utn Aracrlca ZM ... jus
Totals 3.17C 'J2Q S13.471
la June. 13C3. the exporta wer# 4153 cases ;
•«C tX, paciarrs. valued at $17. CM.
Foreign Futures.
IJVERPOOI,.
¦Wheat — July. Sept. Deo.
Opening 6 7% 6 8% 6 S4
Closing 6 8 6 94 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nor. -Feb.
Opening 2135 2176
Closing 21 45 21 85
Flour—
Opening 28 80 29 00
Closing 29 10 29 00
.SV. Louis Wool Market.\
ST. LOUIS, July 21.— WOOL— Steady. Ms
dlum grades, combing and clothing. 24@244c;
light fine. 16@18c; heavy fine, 12SM3c; tub
washed, 33c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 21.— WHEAT— Walla "Wal
la, 66@67c; Bluestem. -78o: Valley, 76c,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 21.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem. 75c; Club, 67c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, July 21. — Clearings. 5S37.SS5; bal
ances, 5106,675.
TACOMA. July 21. — Clearings, 5307,781; bal
ances, 536,907.
PORTLAND, July 21.— Clearings. $563,866:
balances, 551, 669.
SPOKANE. July 21.— Clearing*. 5376.605;
balances, 534, 808.
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
., Potatoes continued to arrive freely and
the market ruled weak, with prices lower all
around. There was some call for cheap Bur
banks in sacks for shipment to the South
west, which held the market steady for that
class of goods, while higher grade offering*
lacked firmness, as the receipts were too heavy
for the regular trade to absorb. Salinas Bur
banks sold at a wld» range as to quality.
Good Onions were firm and Silversklns had a
further advance.
v Changes In Vegetables wera slight, nearly
all kinds being in free supply. The bulk of
the receipts of Green Corn came to hand late
and large lines had to be held over. Chile
Peppers. Summer Squash and Cucumbers were
still in excessive supply and carried -over lots
of all three descriptions could be. bought below
the quotations. . String Beans were dragging,
with the canners taking -surplus Iot3 at the
minimum rate. Supplies of pickle Cucumbers
are steadily accumulating and there Is no
market for them, as the packers are not buy-
Ing, and retailers are taking only very small
quantities.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
51 1531 50 per ctl In sacks and 51 40@l 75 In
boxes; Salinas Burbanks. 51 75@2 15 per ctl:
Early Rose, 51 2&®1 40; Garnet Chiles. 51 10®
1 30; old Potatoes, 5191 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red 51 50©l 65 per sack;
Silversklns, 51 85®2 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 5I©1 75 per
sack or crate; Garden Peas, 335c per lb; String
Beans, 14 ©2c per lb; Wax Beans. 24©-{o
per lb; Lima Beans, 536c per lb;
Tomatoes. In small boxes and crates,
60@75c; large open boxes. 51 25®1 50;
Summer Squash. 25<S30c per box; Cabbage.
51 per ctl; Carrots, 51 per sack; Cucumbers,
23@30c per box; Garlic. 334c per lb; Egg
Plant. 51G>1 25 per box; Dried Peppers, 8@lOc
for sun-dried and 12Vs?Tl3c per lb for evapor
ated; Green Okra, 8fil0c per Ib; Green Pep
pers. 51@l 25 per box for Bell and 50®75c for
Chile.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SUMMARY^ OF THE MARKETS.
"Nzw York stocks irregular, but not materially changed.
Local stocks shore little vanatio n. Market cimct.
_, . mffigm ; .-: T , , . , * .. ' t,v" ; --
Domestic end turotcan Exchange hr!:cr. Silver lozcer.
... ¦• . . * ,: j . , ,
Had street financiers see better conditions ahead.
Wheat and Barky active and tending utnvard.
Condition of the European Wheat crop less favorable.
Oafs, Corn and Rye steadily held, but quiet.
Hay depressed by heavy receipts. Bran steady.
Beans end Seeds steady to firm, iviih prices unchanged.
Butter giving ivay under excessive stacks. Cheese easy.
F-KZ S iOTver and zveak at tlie decline.
Provisions quiet and unchanged, here and elseivhcrc.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs in ample st<pply.
Fruit Granulated Sugar advanced .ice.
Rtce easier. Canned Salmon quiet.
New Potatoes loivcr again under liberal arrivals. Onions higher.
Poultry market moderately supplied and steady.
Fresh Fruit market continues well stocked.
on the evening before had left a warning for
bear traders, which made them timid about
putting out short lines.
Thero was an attempt to read in the action
of Northern Securities directors in opening the
books for the transfer of holdings an intima
tion that a dividend, distribution was to be
arranged in some way which would not con
flict with the Judicial injunction upon the
vompany. Union Pacific would especially ben
efit from such an arrangement, owing to ita
large holdings of Northern Securities through
the. medium of the Oregon Short Line. The
news of the day eeemed to be little regarded
in the trading, although there was much dis
cussion of It in the Wall-street district. The
inflamed sentiment aroused in Great Britain
by the action of Russian ships in the Red Sea j
offers a palpable danger of the development
of trouble that would have far-reachinc con
sequences in the world's affairs. But the
anxiety over the matter was evidently not
very deep seated and the action of the mar
kets mast be construed as reflectlnsr a confl-
I dence that a peaceful outcome will result. The
! renewed fears of too much moisture for wheat
in th? West and Southwest helped the pressure
upon grain-carrying roads. The settlement of
the rr.eat-Dackers' strike was of very slight
effect, and was offset by the reported deter
mination of textile workers In New England
to go on strike. A fall of IVi points In Amal- j
gamated Copper measured the disappointment I
of these who had expected an increase over
the regular dividend declared.
Call money wan offered with great freedom
at 1 oer cent. Prices sold off to the lowest
late in the day, but the closing was quiet
and steady. *
Bonds were heavy. Total sales. $2,410,000.
United States bonds unchanged oh call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiaon 57,000 79% "SVs 7S%
Atchison pfd 4.200 974 96=4 9C?i
Baltimore & Ohio.. 7.000 S54 . 84% 84%
Bait & Ohio pfd .... 64
Canadian Pacific. . . 3.000 124% 124 123*1
Central of N J 100 1C5 165 1C5'
Chesapeake & Ohio. 2.400 34fi 33?; 34
Chicago & Alton... 1,100 394* 39V 4 364
Chi & Alton pfd... 400 80» 3 804 SO
Chi & Gt West SOO 15 14»i 14%
Chi & N W 1,400 ISO?* 179T* 179%
Chi M & St P 25,800 1494 1*7*4 H7*i
Chi M & St P pfd .... 177
Chi Term & Trans 6
Chi T & T pfd 144
C C C & St Louis.. 20fl 744 744 744
Colorado Southern. 200 154 15 14 Si
Colo So l»t pfd 49
Colo So 2d pfd 204
Delaware & Hudson 2,700 1614 160*i 1C0-V
Pel Lack & West .'. ...* 265'
Denver & R G . 100 22*4 224 214
Denver & R G pfd .'. .„. 72'
Erie 13.500 26 25«i 254
Erie 1st pfd 2,100 63>i 62 62 l «
Erie 2d pfd '. 700 39% 38*s 38%
Hocking Valley • 3S
Hooking Valley pfd Sl»i
Illinois Central 2.100 137% 136?4 137
Iowa Central 200 l»i; 19 ' 18«i
Iowa Central pfd ¦ 864
Kansas City So , is'
Kansas City So pfd 100 434 434 434
Louisville & Nash. 6.700 117% 116*., 116%
Manhattan L 500 152 1514 151
! Met Securities 10O 88 8$ -87
I Met St Ry. 6.400 117 1157s " B 4
i Mexican Central... 4,000 9% 9 94
Minn & St Louis... 100 464 464 ! 46
M St P & S Stf M. S00 70 69i 8 70
M S P & S S M pfd 800 1274 127 127
j Missouri Pacific... 21.900 94% 94% 9.!»i
I Mo Kan & Tex 200 1S4 lSi* 18
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 400 40 33% X»4
Nat RR of Mex pfd 37
New York Central. £¥*) 119% 119 119%
! Norfolk & Western. 2.900 62% 61% 62
Norfolk & West pfd S3
Ontario & Western S.100 314 30% 30%
1 Pennsylvania 79,4<>0 121% 1204 120* t
Pltte C C & St L .63
Reading 167,700 M% 52% 64
Reading 1st pfd .' . .... S3
Reading 2d pfd... 200 70^ 70^, ft$4
Rock Island Co 12.300 23% 22% 22%
Rock Island Co pfd 4.000 67 Cl5 66
St L & S F 2d pfd. 5,500 534 524 524
St Louis S W 900 14 13U 134
St L & si W pfd 2.000 34 334 334
Southern Pacific... 4.4HO 52 50% 50%
Southern Railway. 6,000 C4 T fc 244 24%
Southern Ry pfd... 300 89 89 81)'
Texas & Pacific... 1.400 2«4 25% 25%
Tnlfdo St L & W.. 200 26% 2« T « 2«%
T St L & W pfd.. 100 3S1.J 3S14 3S4
Union Pacific 79.500 9S% 96% 90 T i
Union Pacific pfd.. 03 H
Wabash 100 174 1"4 -17%
Wabash pfd 1.10O 37 36U 3S%
Wheeling & L K.. 400 154> 15 15
Wisconsin Central. 300 IS - 17% 18
WIb Cent pfd...;.. 800 40 394 39
Express Companies —
Ad&ms 225
American 201
United States 10S
U'ells-Farjeo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 29,2<¥) n."34 514 51%
Atner Car & Fdy.. 20O 18% 1S4 1«4
Arrer C & F pfd.. 100 774 7"4 76
I Am*r Cott«n Oil... 100 27^ 274 274
Amer Cot Oil pfd SS4
Amfr Ice 1,600 7% 7 7
Amer Ice pfd 4,400 30 274 2S«4
Arner Unseed Oil. 100 «4 94 9
Amer Un Oil pfd 24
Amer Locomotive.. 200 22 21% 22
Amer Loco rfd 100 87 S7 864
Amer Smelt & Refg 3..VW 5S% 57"i 57%
Amer S & R pfd. 100 t)0 J>9 98%
Amer Sugar Refing 2,500 129", 121*4 1294
Anaconda Min Co.. , 100 74 74 73
Brook Rapid Tran. 15.«00 f.2% 614 514
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3,200 344 34 < 34^
Consolidated Gas 194
Corn Products f.00 134 12% 124
Corn Products pfd. 100 70 70 ' 69 4
Distillers' Securi 21
Oenrral Klectric... 200 163 161 4 162
International Paper 2OO 14% 14% 14
Intemtl Pap^r rfd. 100 70 70 €9
Inttrntl Pump 31
Intcrntl Pump pfd 744
National Lead S00 23 22% 22%
North American... 100 f>9% &9?i 894
Pacific Mail 400 274 27 264
People's Gas 700 101 100 100H
Pressed Steel Car.. 1.100 334 33 324
Pr Steel Car pfd 76
Pullman Pal Car 222
Republic Steel 400 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. BOO 434 « 424
Rubber Goods *... 184
Rubber Goods pfd 774
Tenn Coal * Iron. 13,000 414 S»% 404
U S Leather 1,200 7% • 74 74
U S Leather pfd... SOO 834 83 . 82%
U 8 Realty * Imp. 600 49 . 4S% 4S%
U S Rubber 1.500 194 1ST, 194
TT S Rubber pfd 100 774 774 77%
U S Steel 11.800 12% 11U ]2
U S Steel pfd 50.800 C24 614 «1%
Westlnghouse Elte. 1,000 162 162 162
Western Union S8
Total sales 742.300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 21.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, $4 60; asked. $4 75. Pre
ferred—Bid, $42 50; asked, 542 874-
NEW YORK BONDS.
U B ref 2s reg..l01%|L & N unified 4s.l004
Do coupon lC4%lMan con cold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg 1O4»4 Mex Central 4s... «3tt
Do coupon 105% Do 1st inc 144
Do new is reg.1314 Minn & St L 4s.. 964
Do coupon 1324 M. K ft: Tex 4s.. 0»"$
Do old 4s reg. 1084 Do 2ds 604
Do coupon 108 H N'R of Mex con 4s 77
Atch gen 4s ...... 102% NYC gen 34s~. 904
Do adj 4a 95 N J C gen 5s.... 133
Atlantic C L 4i. »»4 Nor Pao 4s 105
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 1024 Do 3s 74%
Do 34s*. 95% Nor tc W con 43.1014
Central of Ga 5s.Hl OSL 4s A partio. 97%
Do 1st ine 7» Pa conv 84«..*.. 984
Chet & Ohio 44s.lO«4 Reading »ren 4s... 93%
Chi & Alton 34s. 78% S L & I M con 59.1164
C. B & Q new 4s. 97»;!S L & S F t g 4s. 81%
CM & S P gn 4S.108U 6t Louis SW lsts. »«
C & NW con 7s. 130 Seaboard A L 4s. 694
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71V. So Pacific 4m P4'
Do col 5s 824 So Railway 6s 115
C.C.C & SLgn 4S.101 I Tex & Pac lsts. 11 8%
Chi Term 4s 73 T. Bt L. & V7 4s. 734
Cons Tobacco 4s. 64 Nnlon Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4».... SiVt Do conv 4s 102%
C F & I con 6s. 714 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 78%
Den & Rio O 4«.10O Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 984 Do deb ; B 59
Do gen 4s 854 W & L Erie 4s... 91 U
r W & D C lets. 1044 Wit Central 4s... 80
Hocking Val 44«U074
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
.Adams Con 20|Llttle Chief 03
Alice , 20|Ontario ..% 50
Breece- 11 Ophlr 2 35'
Bruns Con ...... 101 Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel .... OStPotosi 11
Con Cal & Va...l 051 Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 45t Sierra Nevada.... 20
Iron Silver 1 001 Small Hopes 15
Lcadvllle Con ... C2| Standard 2 05
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
¦
Money— , United Fruit 106%
Call loans ../... 2©34 U S Steel..; .114
Time loans ...;.3@44 Do pfd .".60%
Bonds— " ., Westlns Common. 80
Atchison 4s 1014 Mining —
Do adj 4s 914 Adventure c%
Mex Central 4s... C24 Allouez gfi
Railroads — Amal Copper Rill
Atchison 7S4 Amer Zinc
Do Pfd ........ 96% Atlantic f)
Boston & Albany.245 Bingham 26%
Boston & Maine.. 162 Calumet & Hecla.470
Hoston Elev .....151 Centennial 24%
Fitchburg pfd.... 139 Copper Range ... C5V<
Mex Central ..... »U Daly West ... iflii
NY NH & n..l93 Dom Coal .44
Pere Marquette. . . 74 Franklin ......... 714
Union Pacific..... 9C% Grancy 3,
Miscellaneous — Isle Royale ...... 114
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Maes Mining ....'44
Do pfd ........ 75 IMohawk 4".vi
Amei» Pneu Tube. 4UlMont Ccal & Colte 34
Amer Sugar .. ,.129l4[Old. Dominion -:;. I3«
Dogti .i23V»!O«ceoU .......... C»
All descriptions remain unchanged. Pinks
are quoted extremely firm. wl;h' holders very
stiff at the top quotation. *
• BEANS— Bayos. $2 40@2 55: Pea. $2 9033:
Butters. $3 25; small White, "*2 90©3 10; large
White. 52 23i52 50; Pink. *i 50-33 60: Red.
$4; Lima. 5a 40@3 50; Red Kidneys, $4 5035;
Blackeye. 52^2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. 51 9G@2 23; Canary, 64®
ic; Alfalfa. 15®15?4c; Rape, 14©"-4c; Timc
}*?• , 5 %c; Hemp. 3%@34c per lb; Milltt.
-b<i3Uc; Broom Corn Seed, 52v«g21 per ton.
DRIED TEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds?*
7 50: Clover. $7@9; Alfalfa J7®10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40®60c per bale.
6 35: poor to medium. $4 5005 25; stockers and
feeders, $2@4 10: cows. $1 50^4 50; heifers. $2@
5 50; bulls. $2®-* 15: calves, $2 50@6 25; Texas
fed cteers, $4 50@5 25.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 30,000; to-morrow.
15,000. Very dull: 10c to 15c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $5 2035 65; good to choice, heavy,
$5 40^5 65; rough heavy. $.1@5 25; light, $5 10<J£
5 60: bulk of sales, $5 25S-5 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 8000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $42^4 50; fair
to choice mixed. $3 25@4; Western sheep, (2 50
@4 50; native lambs, ?l{Ki; Western Iambs.
$4 50@6 75.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. July 21.*-^CATTL,E— Re
ceipts, 3000, including 1500 Southerns. Market
5c to 10c higher. Native steers. $4@<t> 25;
Southern steers, $2 75^4 75; Southern cows,
SI 75@3 60; native .cows and heifers, 51751?
5 25: stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 50; bulls,
$2 C5@3 75; calves, $3 5O5?4 75; Western steers,
$4©6; Western cows, $1 75@4.
HOGS — Receipts. 4C00. Market 5c to 10c
lower. Bulk of sales. ?5 60®5 95; heavy, $5 30
©5 40; packers, $5 20@5 35; pigs and lights.
$4 5063 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Market strong. Mut
tons, $3 25@4 75; lambs. $4@6; range wethers,
$3 75®4 75; ewes. $3 65©3 75. -
Omaha. ..
OMAHA, July 21. — CATTLE — Receipts. 4100.
Market active, steady and strong. Native
steers, $496 10; cows and heifers, $3@4 50:
Western Steers, $3 25@3 75; range cows and
heifers, $2 25©-3 75: canners, $1 75®C; stockera
and feeders. $2 500*1 50; bulls, $2 25@4 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 2300. Market 5c higher.
Heavy, $5©>5 15: mixed, $5 05@5 10; light, $5^
RIB; pigs, 54 5003; bulk of sales, 55 0249
SHEEP — Receipts. 1400. Market steady.
Western yearlings. 52 75^4 25; wethers, $3 25ft
4; ewes, $3@3 75: common and stockera, $2 60®
3 50; lambs, $4 75g-6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 . FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1904.
Mining Stocks 'Advance, but the
Others Still Quid.
TTie Corastock rninlns: «hare» wer» somewhat
higher yesterday, but all others were quiet.
The ail clocks were r.eglect«l. On the Stock
and Bond Exchange Spring Valley Water wag
higher at $37633*: ».j. and Makaweli Sugar
was aha firmer at $» 75®23 50.
The Ua v Consumers' Association la now pay-
In? a regular n»onthlT dividend o! 10 cents per
share, amounting to $3000.
The' Northern Pacific Company has declared %
quarterly dtTJdend or l^i per cent and an extra
dividend of V t per cent, both payable August
12 to those lawfully Vntitled to receive the
same. Th« January dividend was 1% p«r cent
without any extra dividend, but the April divi
dend was the same as that Just declared.
The .Northern California Power Company
has declared its regular monthly dividend of 5
cents per share, payable July 25.
They New York and Honduras Rosario Mining
Company has declared a dividend of 1 per cent,
payable July 20.
The Qulncy Copper Mining 1 Company of Mich
igan has declared a serel- annual dividend of
$2 SO per share.
STOCK AND BOXT> EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 21—2 p. m. .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup...l(*5 106 l 4!4s <jr ej>,new.l32%133%
4s qr re(C...10«v;iceV3H qr coup... — 1C8VJ
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co €a..ll7% —
Bay CPC Ss.103 106 Do 5a U8 —
Cal C G 59.103% — I Do con 6s,102%104
Cal O & E % | Oceanic S 5e. — 72*4
m & ct 5a. $4% 85 |Om Cable «s,121 1244
Cal-st C 5a. — 115%! Pac G Im 4s. 9.1 —
C C Wat 5s. — 10O P E Ry 5s.. 104%105
EdL & P «s.l24tf, — P & C H 6S.103 —
F & C II 63.114 — P A O R 6s. 112 113
Geary-st 5s.. — 80 Powell- st «s. — 114
H C&S 5Hs.lM» — S*c EG*R3s. 97% 89%
Do 5s 99»i — SF & SJV5s.ll7T»lH'.*
Hon R T 6s. 105% — Sierra, P. 6s.. — 1J5
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A «•
L A Ry 5a. .115 — (1909) .....1M\ —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 107%lCS
Do rtd «•- — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5a, ' — 103 fl903)Sr A.'IOS 10S*£
LAP lcm 5a.lOt>4 — (1905)Sr B.104 —
Mkt-st C 63.113*, — (1906) 10S —
Do lcin 5S.115 — (1912) 115*4 —
MV& MtT5».10t% — SPC 1 eg 5s. 110 —
NRR of C6S.105 105U Do stmpd.. 10854 —
Do 5s ....117% — S P B R 63.131 V*m%
N P C R 5s. — 105% S V Wat 6s. 103% 106%
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 I Do 4s 2dm. 9!>H —
N C P C .Is. — 10O ! Do 4s 3dm. »**« —
N S R R 5s. — 101 | Do r mtf?4s S74 —
O O L&H 5s.lO7 l^S IStkn G*ES«. 824 05
O W gtd 5s. — 1C0 |U G A E 6s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 364 *> I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co. . . — CO | S .V Wat Co. 38% S7
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L. * P. 3U 4 S F G & E. 60% 60%
Mutual E I* 13^ 14 Stkn G 4 E. — - T%
Pac L Co... 564 — U:G4 E Co. - —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
CATTLE. SHEEP AND IIOGS.THE SAN FRAxN CISCO, .CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 2!!, 11304.
16
. __"___.' ¦u-.- IJI^-. l -^.n_n.^.-^-u-ur J -.-un^ l - .^.-^ ,.,.... ...,-. rj ....^ r .^; -( AD VERTTSEMENTS. ...:.-.-rr^- ¦-...' '---,--¦¦¦.--¦
I T.HANKTHE PUBLIC FOR THEIR GEWR'SUS I
I I APPRECrATION AND PATRON^GE r OF I
I O1S4 SALE-. >' ¦ I
I EVERT C(JRK |4 I
I \^^^ EVERY LOVER OF^bS^RKLiSKJ I
I WINE IN THIS L^tTESnPVI NTiBGEi I
i : • , . . \ ' ¦ .• v • ' ......" , • f - ( I J
V8K9 A wr mmt \±, «¦« l^ a __ _, . - -^tum^^m^ '>*'*'' f J