SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 55.
TIENTSIN, July 25.— In accordance with orders issued by Genera! Kuropatkin, the Russians commenced to evacuate Newchwang
yesterday (Sunday). This morning the Russian railway station is in flames. The Russians are evidently destroying property previous
to evacuation. The Japanese are within five miles of the city.
NEWCHWANG IS LEFT IN FLAMES BY THE EVACUATING RUSSIAN GARRISON
YOKOHAMA, July 25. — The Vladivostok squadron yesterday sank the British steamship Knight Commander from New York, off the province of
Izu, after transferring the crew of the Knight Commander to the steamship Chinan, which arrived here this morning* The Vladivostok squadron also captured
a German vessel, believed to be the Arabia, with 3000 tons of flour, and an unknown British steamship* The two vessels were sent to Vladivostok in charge
of prize crews* The American Trading Company is the agent here for the Knight Commander*
BRITISH SHIP KNIGHT COMMANDER
SUNK BY VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON
RUSSIAN HIGH NAVAL OFFICERS WHO ATTENDED THE COUNCIL AT
WHICH IT WAS DECIDED TO RECALL THE RED SEA CRUISERS* AND
CHIEF OF STAFF WHO HAS REPORTEDfFOR FAR EASTERN OPERATIONS.
IVWar . yews': Continued on Paso ..Three,
Continued on Pase 3, Column S.
ROME, July 25.— The Trlbuna says
it is reported that Cardinal Merry del
Val. the Papal Secretary of State,. has
tendered his resignation, owing to the
hostility of certain Cardinals,, who are
said to accuse ; him of rendering im
possible an accord with France, , and
that the Pope has refused to accept
his resignation.
DEL VAL SAID . TO HAVE
, TENDERED RESIGNATION
Falconio Slated for Manila.
ROME, July 24. — The Giornale
C'ltalia. cays that it is likely that Mon
eignor Falconio, the apostolic dele
gate in the United States, will be trans
ferred to Manila to replace the late
Monsl^nor Guidl.
JEDDA, Arabia, July 24. — The Rus
sian, volunteer fleet steamship Smol
ensk arrived here, to-day, took a pilot
on board and resailed Immediately.
Cruiser Smolcnsft a Busy Vessel.
PARIS. July 24.— Leading artists and
authors of France have issued an ex
quisite volume, the proceeds of which
are for the benefit of the victims of the
Japanese- Russian war. Anatole France
writes a chapter on the philosophy of
war." Sully Prudhomme contributes a
sonnet uoon the sword. The illustra
tions include a striking portrait of
Verestchagin and Tolstoi.
French Artists and Authors Contribute
Interesting Volume.
IX AID OF WAR VICTIMS.
the Panama Canal Zone.
PANAMA, .July 24.— The Star and
Kerald In an editorial article proposes
that the differences pending between
the Panama Government and that of
the Panama Canal Zone be submit
ted for decision to the Supreme Court
of the United States. The idea is well
received in all circles here.
MAY BE REFERRED TO
THE SUPREME COURT
Cnitcd States Tribunal Probably Will
Settle Questions of Authority In
LONDON, July 25.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail'- from Geneva says it Ma
learned from a trustworthy source that
the fortune left by the late Paul Kru
ger Is about $5,000,000. It consists chief
ly of European securities. The bulk of
It goes to the Eloff family.
Bulk of Fortune of the Late Presi
dent of the Transvaal Will Go
to Eloff Family.
KRUGER'S ESTATE SAID TO
BE VALUED AT $5,000,000
ST. PETERSBURG. July 24.— A' bad
ly mutilated dispatch from Tatchekiao.
dated July 20, which has been received
here, indicates that an engagement of
some importance has occurred on the
seacoast road, between Kaichou and
Yinkow. The dispatch states that the
Russians made a night attack on a
fortified Japanese camp at Sansoss. on
PARIS,- July 24.— The correspondent
of the Matin at X'nkow says a violent
cannonade, lasting several hours, was
heard to the northward of Kaichou on
July 22. The roofs of the houses in
Newchwang were crowded by Euro
peans and Chinese looking on. The
Russians claim to have retaken Kai
chou on July 21, and say the flsrht re
ported was the result of the Japanese
resuming the offensive.
JAPANESE CAMP SURPRISED.
Many Chinese refugees arriving at
Newchwang have reported that nine
Japanese gunboats from Port Arthur
have arrived at Tahtingshan.
the engagement of yesterday the Rus
sian losses are reported to have been
700. The Japanese are slowly nearins
Newchwang. Great excitement pre
vailed In that city during to-day's and
yesterday's fights.
TIENTSIN, July 24.— A report from
Newchwang states that Saturday's bat
tle was at Tahsuitong, six miles distant,
and that the Japanese were success
ful. '
of Shimosa, at 7 o'clock this morning:,
steaming slowly eastward. Katsu-ura
is abovt 100 milef northeast of Cape
Iro, where the Vladivostok squadron
was reported yesterday.
The British steamship Chinan has
arrived at Yokohama with the crew
of the Knight Commander. The Knight
Commander's cargo was a general one.
Her European passengers were .detain
ed by the Russians and her crew of
twenty-one was transferred to the
Chinan. which also reports that the
Russians sank two Japanese schoon
ers. -. .--" : Y-:
NAGART.SE. Tibet, Wednesday. July
20. — The Tibetan peace delegates met
the British mission and professed a
willingness to arrange peace if the
commission would return to Gyangtse.
Colonel Younghusband replied that he
could only make peace at Lassa, but
that he was- willing to discuss terms
•while proceeding there.
Head of British I^xpedition Announces
That Only at Laos Will He
Make Any Treaty.
ypUNGIIUSBAXI) MEETS
TIBETAN PEACE DELEGATES
Corkery owes his life to the fact- that
the wires .wer.eJ heavily,, Insulated, so
that when he struck his head against
one wire while holding, on'. to another
fce received a shock from but- a small'
That Corkery was . not . instantly
killed when his balloon dragged' him
into contact with .the wire, is a mira
cle, for the live wires against which he
was thrown carrv the main feed cur
rents that supply Berkeley, with Jlght
and power, and any one of them "has
enough powerjto kill V half-dozen men.
A NARROW ESCAPE. '•"• '¦':'¦ '¦ i'-
Suspended by his hands from. a live
wire carrying 5000 volt3 and unable to
make a move to save his life. William
J. Corkery. an. aeronaut, .who was
making a balloon ascension from Idora
Park to-dav, retained' his j hold for
nearly five minutes. Then, in strug
gling to get a firmer grip on the thin
wire, he received a shock . which
burned the flesh on his neck and hurled
him sen&eless to the ground fifty feet
below.
Among the crowd of f-pectators who
witnessed the accident was the aero
naut's young wife. She saw her hus
band's fall.. accompanied as it was by
a flash of fire. . She .started toward him
with a shriek of horror and fell to the
ground in a dead- faint. While some of
the bystanders rushed to" the aid of the
injured man,, others picked up Mrs.
Corkery and carried her into the park,
where friends who were with her min
istered to the fainting woman until
she regained consciousness, after
which she was taken to her home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 24.
Carried by BaU
loon Against
Live Wire.
BALLOONIST WHO TV AS DP.IVKN
BY WIND .AGAINST LIVE ELEC
TRIC WIRES. .
TOKIO, July 24, 6 p. m.— The Rus
sian Vladivostok squadron has . sunk
trie merchantman which it captured off
the coast of Izu province to-day. The
name of this ship and her nationality
are not known, and nothing has been
learned as to the fate of her crew.
Witnesses on shore saw the \ mer
chantman following the fleet, j Then
they saw her fired upon, after 'which
she disappeared.
The Russian warships were last re
ported at 11 o'clock this morning to the
southwest of Cape Iro, Izu province,
steering to the westward. .
Cape Iro is about sixty-five miles
southwest of Yokohama' and about fifty
miles from the entrance to the bay
upon which Yokohama and Toklo are
located.
When the Vladivostok, ships were
first seen- it was ' believed they '. were
going to capture the Pacific ; Mall
steamship Korea,- from San Francisco
for Yokohama, with "foodstuffs and ma
terial for the Japanese - -Government.
The Korea left San Francisco on July
12 and it has been feared that .she
would fall in with the ' Vladivostok
squadron. However, she was not due
off the Japanese Coast for three or four
days and it-Is doubtful if the Russians
would sink her. Her. capture would be
more Hkely. She has a valuable cargo.
LONDON, July 25.— One of ; the ; ves
sels sunk by the Vladivostok squadron
issupposed to be the Hiogo, belonging
to the Nippon line. ¦.
- TOKIO. July 25, 10 a.', m; — The "Vladi
vostok squadron • was ; sighted twenty,
miles off* Katsu-ura/ h>4he prefecture
NEW YORK. July 25.— The • Knight
Commander, sunk by the Vladivostok
squadron, is, according to the Maritime
Register, a British steel steamship of 2731
tons burden, commanded by Captain
J. R. Durant. She sailed from New
York on May 6 for Singapore. On June
23 she was at Manila and last week was
reported as having arrived at Shanghai.
The owner of the Knight Commander is
the Knight Steamship Company (Lim
ited) of Liverpool. She was. built at
Newcastle by the Palmers.
TOKIO, July 24, noon.— It is reported
that a merchant vessel is accompany
ing the Vladivostok squadron, which
was sighted this morning, sixty miles
off Izu. It is probable that 'the mer
chantman is a captive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I got clear of the ground all right
and then the wind struck the balloon.
The next thing I knew ,1 was In the
wires. I felt that if I was dragged over
the-wires It would.be all off with me,
so I let go of the bar and caught a
wire. It seemed as if I hung there for
an hour and then my hands began to
hurt. I tried to get a fresh grip and
that was thftlast.I knew." '
After Corkery fell the wires swung
together and two of them were burned
apart. .The'endsfell to the ground and
caused a display of electrical fireworks
until they were repaired.
-Corkery. resides at 807 Grove street.
When seen to-night the aeronaut was
so. unstrung- that he could not give a
very complete account of the accident.
He said, however:
. The accident occurred at 6 o'clock
this evening and was witnessed by a
thousand horrified 'people, not one of
whom was able to give any aid to the
imperiled aeronaut. Several men ran
for ladders and ropes, but before either
could be procured Corkery had fallen.
Corkery is the regular aeronaut at
the park and was making the balloon
ascension which closes, the Sunday
afternoon programme. After the bal
loon had been inflated Corkery pre
pared to ascend and gave the signal to
let go. He cleared the ground safely,
but as soon as the big bag rose above
the shelter of the trees it was struck
by the wind, which was blowing hard,
and instead of .rising higher was car
ried in an almost horizontal direction
toward. Telegraph avenue.. A moment
later the parachute was swung against
the electric light wires. \
DESPERATE FIGHT FOR LIFE.
Corkery realized at once that unless
h? let go he would be drawn across the
wires. Reaching up with one hand he
caught hold of a wire and then let go
his hold on the bar attached to the
balloon. The jerk of the balloon as It
was released nearly threw him to the
ground, but he held on and managed
to get a hold with his ether hand. This
was all that he t:ould do arid there he
hung, facing certain death if he tried
to draw himself up. and probably fatal
injury should he let go.
As the wire began to cut into his
hands, however, he made a struggle
to get a better hold. In doing so he
struck another wire with the back of
his neck. Instantly there was a flash
and the aeronaut fell. When picked
up he was unconscious and It was at
first thought that he was dead, but
after being carried Into the park he re
gained consciousness, and was taken
home.. .
part of the current. This was suffi
ciently, strong to rob him of his senses
and loosen his hold on the wire before
the insulation 'burned awaj.
Raiders Playing
Havoc With
Shipping.
SAN BERNARDINO. July 24.—En
gineer Freeman of the s Santa Fe Rail
road saved the passengers of overland
train No. 2 from death last night in a
tianner •which shewed that in him is
the stuff of wliiJh heroes are made.
- At the risk of his Hie Frec:r.an twice
braved a veritable hell of ilames and
prevented the destruction of his train
end its precious load of human freight.
The train ;vas tastl.ound and was load
ed with hundreds* of passengers, many
of whom were en route to the St. Loui3
Exposition.^ When the train was at a
etar.dstill rne locomotive suddenly be
came enveloped in flamej. Something
bad .crone wron? with th? oil-feeder, and
thcr** v.as no nfVans of shutting off the
flow of oil. •
Freeman ar.d his fireman, ShetterHne,
jur..!« J ;¦>;; safety, but Freeman hap
pened tp trunk of the fact that the tank
of the "engine contained 20p0 gallons of
oil. and if that exploded it would wreck
the train and kill possibly every per
son aboard of it. Unmindful, of his own
danger and despite the fact that the
huge tu.nk was covered with llames
and threatened to explode every sec
ond, he datht-d between the locomotive
and the mail car and uncoupled the
engine.
Then he eprang into the blazing cab,
traded through burning oil and reach
ing the throttle sent the engine down
the track, stopping only when he had
reached a poist where It was safe to
have the fire burn itself out without
danger to surrounding property. Not
until then did he think of himself, and
xvhen he leaped from the cab he was>
badly burned, although his Injuries are
not such a.a to cause any uneasiness to
his friends. /
Es«;Ia! Pltcatcb to The Call
Austin Corbin, present owner of the
property, and Everett R. Reynolds are
behind the enterprise, and back of
them are live Western capitalists, syn
dicaters willing to risk several millions
o£ dollars. The reproduction of the
Coliseum of Rome, with circular race
track will be as nearly like the one on
which the chariot races were run as
is possible to achieve from a study
of historic records and pictures. There
will be a grandstand and ground for
the accommodation of 50,000 persons.
A great field will be laid out for the
presentation of Shakespearean plays
alfresco. Zoological gardens that will
rivar any in the world are contem
plated. An aquarium will be construct
ed in such a way as to make It an
arm of the sea, with gates so cun
ningly devised that when sharks,
sword flsh and serpents swim in. they
will not be able to swim out again.
On the ocean front its pavilions, Jut
ting far Into the ocean, will . be the
most magnificent hotel on any beach
In the world. It will have marble ap
proaches and other stately features,
never before attempted at a seaside
resort.
On the race track of the coliseum will
b<> run chariot races of three, four,
five and eight horses. The services of
the most expert drivers will be en^
gaged.. The horses entered Will Be
thoroughbred and standard bred. The
winners will be announced' as they
were in Rome and the. price of ad
mission will be the same as that
charged by the racing associations
around New York .
NEW YORK, July 24.—Manhat
tan Beach, a famous bathing re
sort on Long Island, fifteen miles
from New York, Is to have a coliseum
equaling in magnificence the one in
Rome in its palmlest/Jays. It will be
the greatest amusement resort in the^
world's history and- will be built by
Austin Corbln and Western capitalists.
The work will be begun at the close
of the present summer season. The
Manhattan Beach hotel and theater,
the Paine fireworks pavilion and pos
sibly the Oriental Hotel will disappear
as completely as if a tidal wave had
borne them away, and this amusement
enterprise will build a magic replica
of architecture at which the world will
marvel.
SDecial Dispatch to The Call.
Work Will Commsnca Soon and Plans
of Emperor Flavius' Structure
Will Ee Closely Followed.
Brave Kan Uncouples Coaches and
Amid Burning Oil Drives Engine
to an Isolated Spot.
Capitalists to Erect Greatest
Amusemeirt;. Place in*
I the World,
Locomotive Catches Fire
ana Entire Train Is
Endangered.
TIENTSIN. July 24.— News has
reached here that another battle la rag
ing outside of Newch'wans. The fight
ing can be seen from the housetops. In
Manhattan Beach Is
to Have AmpM
i theater.
Engineer o! Santa Fe
Plays Part o!
a Hero.
Fighting Is Wit'
nessed From
Housetops.
WILL RIVAL
OLD ROME'S
COLISEUM
MS LIFE
TO RESCUE
PASSENGERS
POPULACE OF DOOMED CITY
VIEWS THE FINAL BATTLE
PRECEDING SLAV RETREAT
AERONAUT FACE
TO FACE WITH
DEtfTH ESCAPES
roreeast made at San Tran
dico for thirty hours esdla*
midnight, July 25:
San rraacisco and riclaity —
Ta.tr Monday; fresh northwest
wind. G. H. WHiXSOn,
Local Forecaster.
TEE VSATfiES.
Alcazar— "Rupert of Seatzao.**
Cali'craia — ''Just StrucS Iowa."
Central — "The Oates of Justice."
Columbia — "Dlice and Men."
Chutes — VandrrlUe.
rischer'B — "A lucky Stoa*."
Grand — "A Gentleman of
Prance. 1 *
Orpleum— Vandeyflle.
Tivoli— "Bobia Hood."
i THE THEATE23.
The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS.PHOENIX, Ariz., July 24.— Sheriff
Preston of Mound City, Kans., has in
custody here and will leave with him
for home as soon as requisition papers
are honored, John Li Carter, .wanted
for embezzlement. Carter was a ' well
respected insurance man and church
member and years ago was made ad
ministrator of the estate of Olden G.
Hamm. He was i found short in hia
accounts, . arrested and placed under
$3000 bonds in 1898.
Owing to his standing his arrest was
considered a Joke, though made by due
process of law, and it was not expected
he would have difficulty * in clearing
himself. However, he gave his friends
the slip the same day he secured bonds
and .his bondsmen have since been
looking for him. , He was here some
time ago, learning which Sheriff Pres
ton came, only ' to find the man had
gone to San Diego, Cal. > Fortunately
for Preston. Carter returned last night
and was arrested to-day. •
Offender Who .lumped His Bonds In
1898 Is Captured In the State
of Arizona.
KANSAS MAX CHARGED
j WITH FORGERY ARRESTED
N'EW YORK, July 24. — Several
members of the Democratic National
Committee arrived in New York to
day. All of them called on Taggart
at the Hoffman House and none of
them seemed to think there was the
least doubt about Taggart's election as
chairman. The Nebraska member. J.
C. Dahlman, talked very confidently
about the possibility of carrying that
rotate for the Democratic ticket and
said that if the Legislature was Demo
cratic W. J. Bryan would be elected
United States Senator.
CONFIDENT OF VICTORY.
LOS ANGELES, July 24. — A north
bound freight train on the Southern
Pacific broke in two near Newhall
early to,-day and five cars were de
railed. Two messenger boys ! were
killed and a tramp" seriously injured.
The killed:
ROY HENRY, aged 16, Los Angeles.
FRANK McGUIRE, aged 17, Los
Angeles.
Dyer, seriously injured; in a
ho.ipital in Los Angeles.
• The two boys who were killed had
bef:n working for a local messenger
company, but yesterday determined to
seek employment in the north. They
Jumped on an outgoing freight train,
taking positions on the coupling bars
between two box cars. When the train
parted and one section bumped into
the other the two lads were caught
and crushed to death. Dyer was in a
box car, but was very severely injured!
TlVi bodies of Henry and McGuire
were brought to this city. :
tions Meet and Crush
Two Lads. ,
Freight Train Ports ami Two Sec-
MESSENGER BOYS KILLED
IN A RAILROAD WRECK
The question as to the efficiency of
the French navy under the manage
ment of M. Pelletan has reached an
acute stage In the French Parliament.
At a recent meeting of the extra Par
liamentary Commission of Inquiry into
the administration, of the Naval De
partment M. Lockroy, former. Minister
of Marine, stated that the Mediterra
nean squadron, which in 1899 was com.
posed of thirty-six ships, had now only
twenty-three. The. condition of the
The British armored cruiser Mon
niouth, 9800 tons, 22.000 horsepower, and
designed for twenty-three knots trial
speed, Is the last of the nine cruisers
of. the Kent class to be completed.
She has been in commission about
three months and arrived at Devon
port July 7 from Gibraltar, having
made the trip of 1200 miles in fifty
three and one-half hours. This Is an
average 'of 22.43 knots an hour, a sus
tained sea speed much higher than
her designers hoped for, and nearly up
to the trial run of eight "hours than
the ship averaged 22.58 knots with
2C.1S9 horsepower. "The hull and ma
chinery were built by the London and
Olaagow Shipbuilding Company. Glas
gow, and the boilers are of the Belle
ville type.
SPEED OF THE MOXMOUTII.
The dimensions and other principal
data of the three scout cruisers to be
built for the United StateB navy have
been decided. They are to be 420 feet
in length, 47 feet beam and displacing
4000 tons on 17.5 feet draught with a
fuli load of 1000 tons of coal, sufficient
for a steaming radius of 5000 miles.
These vessels will be marked improve
ments on the British scouts of the Ad
venture and Sentinel clqss, of which
eight are being built. . On a full load
displacement, varying from 3015 to 3320
tons, they carry only 380 to 470 tons of
coal. Their horsepower under full
speed of twenty-five knots is calculated
at 16,000, at which thirteen tons of coal
would be required for one hour's run,
and this would exhaust the supply of
470 tons in about thirty-six hours. The
American. scouts, carrying 1000 tons of
coal and assuming a horsepower of
20,000 would have sufficient fuel for
sixty-two hours at a gait of twenty
five knots an hoiir.
The trophies for excellence in gun
nery are of bronze and the designs ex
ecuted in low relief. The trophy won
by the Oregon represents a battleship
in an ordinary sea, steaming with a
bone in her teeth, and she is firing
from an after gun of her starboard
secondary battery.: Another battleship
is on her port boiv. The trophy won
by the Paul Jones represents a tor
pedo-boat destroyer steaming along in
a heavy sea. These trophies will be
located in a conspicuous place on
board the respective vessels and re
main in their possession until the first
following annual record target prac
tice, when the trophy may go to some
other ship having a higher percentage
of efficiency.
highest number of hits made by any
13-inch gun of the Oregon was five, '
while the Wisconsin's best score was
nine hits. The value of the Oregon's
firing with 13-inch guns is therefore de- i
termined by multiplying all the hits she
made by 100 and dividing the result by
five, the best score of the best pointer. !
The Winconsin's final result is arrived '
at by the same process, the divisor
the latter case being nine. In a sim- '
ilar manner all other guns of whatever
caliber are compared with each other,
but In no case are guns of different
bore or types thus compared. Every
officer and man therefore realizes that
no matter what the type of gun he
has to fire they may by excellent work
win the trophy of their class.
AMERICAN CRUISER NOW AT
BREMERTON AFTER LONG SER
VICE IN THE PHILIPPINES.
The British Admiralty has under con
sideration the o.uestion of motor tor
pedo-boats, and may create a class of
these small crafts for the riavy. An
experiment will be made with a boat
130 feet in length, with motors below
the water line, to be fitted with a deck
torpedo tube which can be pointed in
any direction. As torpedo picket boats
these craft would be invaluable in night
attacks, as the absence of smoke and
funnels would make them almost Invis
ible to an enemy. On the other hand,
the serious objection to motors for war
purposes is the highly Inflammable na
ture of the fuel, for if a shell struck a
tank of gasoline or petroleum it would
mean the instantaneous destruction of
the craft.
The number of British naval officers
studying foreign languages abroad has
been increased to twenty, and special
inducements are offered by the Admir
alty. The officers are allowed full pay,
and particular attention is to be direct
ed to the study of 'German, Russian
and Japanese languages, and in. regard
to the latter a Japanese teacher has
been attached to the Weihaiwei station.
northern squadron was such as to ren
der any combat impossible, as half the
ships were unfit for sea service, and
only one destroyer had been added to
the squadron during the last five years.
A vote was taken on the proposition to
deal exclusively with the charges
against M.'. Pelletan, and as this vote
was not carried the minority threatened
to resign. In order to avoid a scandal
M. Clemenceau, the president, managed
to effect a compromise by setting a fur
ther hearing a few days later. All tho
former Ministers of Marine and a large
majority of the higher grade naval of
ficers are decidedly antagonistic to M.
Pelletan.
The above flsrures of final merit of
ships do not. of course, represent pos
sible hits, but (simply the relative ef
ficiency of the various ehips and squad
rons. In calculating the final merit the
efficiency of old and modern Runs is
considered and nhipu having ordnance
that differs areatly from that of other
vessels in efficiency may, nevertheless,
compete with equal chances of attain
ing the highest final merit. Thus, tak
ing the Oregon and Wisconsin as ex
amples, it Is conceded that the latter
is the better fighting machine, having
the advantage of six years' improve
ments over the Oresron: but as each
pointer in the service fires durlnsr"ex-
HCtlvrthe same length of time, his srn re
is -the number. orhita he makes. The
The record of the target practice
scores made by sixty-four vessels of
the United States navy has been tab
ulated and shows some interesting re
sults. The vessels are classified under
three groups; the first composed of
ships firing guns of 5-inch caliber or
above; the second. of 4-inch or less, and
the 'third of torpedo vessels. Of the
eight squadrons, numbering thirty-five
in all, the North Atlantic fleet of seven
battleships made an average of 87.2 per
cent; the Asiatic fleet of three battle
ships and two monitors (the latter
counted as one ship) scored 82.84 per
cent, and the other squadrons ranjred
from 78.64 to 61.06 per cent meritB.
Class II, consisting of twenty-one ves
sels, scored from 77.26 to 32.82 per cent
in the ftve subdivisions and the eight
torpedo craft In three divisions gave
87.57 to 32.63 per cent.. Of Individual
ships the Oregon, as usual, comes to
the front with a final merit score of
111.47 per cent; the Wisconsin a good
second with 104.47 and the other nine
battleships ranging from 102.13 for the
Illinois to 69.72 credited to the Kear
sarge. Of the fifteen cruisers the New
York led with 96.37 per cent and the
Baltimore scored only 36.49 per cent.
The Paul Jones in the torpedo craft
class got 121.54 meritB, and the Stewart
obtained only 5.40 per cent. The trophy
vessels were the Oregon, dispatch-boat
Dolphin with 105.72 merits and the gun
boat Sarmar, which scored 93.07 per
cent.
The protected cruiser Albany, which
recently arrived at Bremerton for re
pairs and general overhauling, has
been in commission, attached to the
Asiatic station, since June, 1900, and
has made a good record. This ship,
then named Abreu, was purchased
March 16, 1898, from the Brazilian
Government for $1,205,000. The ves
sel was still on the- stocks at the Arm
strong yard, Elswick, and was not
launched until January 14, 1899. She
was commissioned May 29 of the fol
lowing year and proceeded to the
Philippines, where she remained until
about a month ago. He.r total cost,
rea.y ior service, was $1,207,644 13
and the repairs up to July 1, 1903,
have only amounted to $38,422 04,
which is within $luuO of the sum ex
pended for repairs to the New Or
leans, a sister ship, also purchased
from Brazil in 1898. These vessels are
of 3763 tons displacement, 7500 horse
power and twenty knots speed. They
are wood sheathed and coppered and
have 4 therefore been able to maintain a
higher speed on less coal consumption,
without being compelled to dock fre
quently. The New Orleans was ready
for service, when purchased for
$1,429,215 54, but after the war $124,
248 was expended in alterations and
additions to fit her for service in
northern waters. This- expense was
not required on the Albany, which was
designed for service in the tropics.
The launching of the battleship Con
necticut, building at the New York
Navy Yard, has been set for Septem
ber 29, at which time she will be about
one-half completed. The keel was laid
March 10, 1903, and the vessel had
advanced to 44.82 per cent toward
completion on July l, against the
Louisiana, 50.79 per cent, building at
Newport News. The Connecticut gain
ed 1 per cent on the Louisiana during
June. The latter will probably be
launched in October, and the Ne
braska, building at Seattle, is also ex
pected to run off the ways during the
beginning of October.
GUNNERY ON THE OREGON.
LONDON, July 24. — The nervouB
condition into which, the stock market
was thrown by the seizure of vessels
by the Russian volunteer fleet which
caused, however, more of a disturb
ance in British than in foreign stocks
yielded and the market improved in
tone toward the end of the week
when Russia's response to the British
protest became known.. Still business
was on the smallest scale in almost
all departments except the , American
market, where the recent strength was
maintained—on the promising outlook
of the harvest and of the railroad and
steel industries.
LONDON MARKET STILL .
IX NERVOUS CONDITION
Waters Suddenly Released From Ad
joining -Property Floods the Bel
most Shaft at Butte, Mont.
BUTTE, Mont., July 24. — At the
Belmbst mine to-day three miners
were drowned by the breaking of a
bulkhead which held back the waters
of the Cambrus mine. The dead:
JOHN MURPHY, single. '
PHIL FRANKLIN, single.
VICTOR KATALMICK, married...
- Thejshaft is full of water and the
bodies may not be recovered for sev
eral days.
THREE MIXERS DROWNED ."'
BY BREAKING BULKHEAD
WILL BEGIN ACTIVE WORK.
Republican Congressional Campaign
Committee to Open Headquarters.
NEW YORK, July 24. — Joseph W.
Babcock of Wisconsin, chairman, and
Jesse Overstreet of Indiana, secretary
of the Republican Congressional Cam
paign Committee, arrived in New York
to-night and to-morrow will open
headquarters in the St. James build
ing. 1135 Broadway. They intend to
begin active work at once.
MANY ATTEND REOPENING
OF ARMAGH CATHEDRAL
Sacred Edifice In Use Again After
Having; Been Closed . for Term
of Four Years.
ARMAGH, Ireland. July 24. — An
enormous concourse from all parts of
Ireland was present to-day at the cere
mony of the reopening of Armagh
Cathedral after four years*, work of re
decoration, which includes the cover
ing of. the entire walls with mosaic
pictures. Cardinal Vannutelli. as the
legatee of Pope Pius, and many Irish
and foreign prelates, among the lat
ter Rev. Charles McCready, Holy Cro33
Church, New York; the Duke and
Duchess of Norfolk, John Redmond,
John Dillon, Timothy Healy and other
prominent persons, were present.
SICK -OFFICERS REMAIN . • .
IX HOSPITAL AT TRIESTE
' TRIESTE, July 24. — Chaplain
Isaacs, Captain Williams, United
States marines: Lieutenants Hudgina
and Clement, Ensign > Timmans and
two men of .the crew of the flagship
Kearsarge, who are suffering from ty
phoid fever, remain in the hospital
here. All are doing -well except Lieu
tenant Clement and one man. .
King Christian Is Better.
COPENHAGEN, July 24.— The ill
ness of King Christian is not serious.
He , left Schwerin to-day for Copen
hagen.
HAYTIEN MINISTER OF
IXTERIOK DISAPPEARS.
Order Is I»u«tl for Thezan*s Arrest
on Charge of Complicity in Float
ing Fraudulent Securities.
PORT AU PRINCE. July 24. — M.
Thezan, Minister of the Interior, has
disappeared. An order for the Min
ister's arrest had been issued by the
Magistrate, who has been investigat
ing the issue last year of $200,000 in
fraudulent securities of the National
Bank on the ground that M. Thezan
was compromised in the frauds.
NEW YORK, July 24.— John P. Hol
land, inventor of the submarine' boat
which bears his name, is at work upon
a new navy destroyer which he= be
lieves will be, when completed, an en
gine of war against which no warship
will be able to stand. He has been
considering the plans several years, but
they, probably will not be carried to
completion until he has mastered the
flying machine problem, which lately
has 'engrossed his attention.
Holland has severed his connection
with the Electric Boat Manufacturing
Company which built the Holland
boats. His contract with the com
pany expired last April. He had al
ready withdrawn as an officer and di
rectof, although he still retained a few
shares of stock. These he sdld a few
days ago in this city.
Holland complained that the com
pany changed the plans of his boats
against his will and gave him only
1% per cent of $1,000,000 capital stock as
his interest in the concern for his boats
and plans. To-day the inventor said
that it may be months before his new
submarine boat is ready for service,
but he would divulge none of the de
tails of the work. His whole time is
taken up with experiments.
Boectal Dispatch to The Call.
The admiral is the only Englishman
who can boast of having the freedom of
New York conferred upon him since
revolutionary days. This honor fol
lowed what is known as the Virginiuj
incident, when an American filibuster,
the Virginius, was. captured by the
Spanish and ' taken to the har
bor of Santiago de Cuba. The
Spaniards were engaged in a whole
sale execution of the English and
Americans aboard when Sir Lambton
entered the port in command of the
warship Nile and ( threatened to blow
every vessel out of the harbor if any
more were killed. The butchery was
suspended, and for this Sir Lambton,
who is the head of one of the oldest
houses in England, his baronetcy dat
ing from Kins Charles I, received the
freedom of New York and a pure gold
brick from Montana miners.
Lady Lorraine is a descendant of the
Broke who fought the naval duel be
tween the Shannon and the Chesa
peake.
LONDON, July 24.— Admiral Sir
Lambton Lorraine will sail for the
United States next month and will re
main there for several weeks en route
to China and Japan. He will visit the
principal cities of the country, includ
ing the World's Fair, and then proceed
to Montana, Oregon, California and
other Pacific Coast points, sailing from
San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., July 24.— Th«
arrangements have been made for the
notification of Theodore Roosevelt of
his nomination for the Presidency by
the Republican party. The ceremony
will take place on Wednesday at 1:30
o'clock. Following custom, the notifi
cation will be at Mr. Roosevelt's home,
Sagamore Hill.
The members of the notification
committee appointed by the Chicago
convention have been requested to as
semble at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel
in New York on Tuesday evening to
make preliminary arrangements for
the ceremony of the day following.
Speaker Cannon, chairman of the
committee, will arrive In New York
some time to-morrow. He will receive
the members of the committee as they
arrive there. At 10:30 o'clock on Wed
nesday morning the committee will
board a soecial train at Long Island
City for Oyster Bay.
On account of the isolation of Presi
dent Roosevelt's home, only about 125
persons will be in the party, including
the members of the notification com
mittee and relatives and friends of
President Roosevelt who- reside in tha
vicinity of Sagamore Hill. The cere
mony of notification will be as simple
and unostentatious as possible. TW«
wide veranda almost surrounding the
President's house will be draped with
American flags. If the weather be
fair, the committee and guests will be
assembled On the spacious lawn north
east of the house. Speaker Cannon,
who will make the speech of announce
ment for the committee, and President
Roosevelt will speak from the veranda.
Should" the weather be inclement, the
curtains of the veranda will be lowered
and the ceremony will take place under
cover.
Ceremony Will Be Simple
and Take Place on Lawn
of Oyster Bay Eesidence
Will Complete His Craft
When He Finishes Prob
lem of Flying Machines
Is Only Living Englishman
on Whom Freedom of New
York Has Been Conferred
It If not known in Esopus what an
swer Judge Parker made to tUe letter,
but it is understood that thus far he
has accepted no dinner engagement of
a political character.
ESOPUS, July 24. — In contradiction
of the story that no overtures have
been made to Judge Parker with a
view of bringing about closer rela
tions between the candidate for Presi
dent and Tammany, it was learned
here to-day that Edward Rupallo of
New York wrote to the Judge on
July 12 inviting him to take dinner
with Tammany Hall men at the New-
York Ityemocratic Club. Rapallo re
ported to Judge Parker that he had
been commissioned by Charles F. Mur
phy and Mayor McClellan to tender
the invitation.
Parker to Democratic Dinner.
Murphy and McCIellan Invite Judge
TAMMAXV MARKS OVERTURES.
In 1S97 Parker was elected Chief
Judge, and in January. 189S, Clearwater
was appointed to the Supreme Court
vacancy. In the fall of the same year
Ckarvratrr was defeated for the Su
preme Court bench in the district. He
has always carried Ulster County in
every contest he has engaged in at
the polls.
The paths of Judge Parker and Judge
Clearwater have run parallel for many
years. They studied law together and
have occupied pews in the Frst Dutch
Church. In 1877 Parker was elected
Surrogate and Clearwater District
Attorney and in 1SS3 both were re
elected. In 1SS5 Parker was elected
Supreme Judge; in 1S89 Clearwater was
elected County Judge and re-elected
in 1SP5.
in Vicinity of Ksopus,
ESOPUS, July 24.— It is the purpose
of the Republicans of Ulster county
living in Kingston. Esopus and sur
rounding villages to make Judsre
Parker's home county one of the prin
cipal righting grounds in the New York
State campaign. To offset the effect
cf having an Ulster county Democrat
at tne h-.-ad c-f the national Democratic
ticket, the New York Republican
leaders will be asked to look kindly
upon the plan to name Judge A. T.
Clearvvater of Kingston as the Repub-
Kcan candidate to succeed Judge Mar
t n on the Court of Appeals. Judge
I.artin will retire under the age limit
ard his successor will be named this
fixil. Judge Clearwater enjoys great
'¦ cal popularity and the Republicans
«-f Kingston and vicinity argue that if
tre county Is to be kept from the Dem
ocratic column it must be accomplished
by placing on the ticket the name of
?-ii Ulster Countv man.
Republicans Will U'ase Heavy War
TO FIGHT PARKER AT HOME.
What gave Judpe Parker greater sat
isfactan than he derived from the in
\itation was the assurance that the dif-
I't i -fin «.s between the opposing factions
in the Illinois Democracy would be en
tirely settled and that the party in that
State Hould present a solid front for
the national ticket. It was stated in the.
convci nation between Judgre Parker and
the Illinois delegation that the ill feel
ing tngendoied as the result of the con
tests between delegations seeking seats
in the St. Louis convention would be
eliminated absolutely. This informa
tion, coming from representatives of
Mayor Harrison, proved reassuring to
Judge Parker, inasmuch as it is taken
to mean th^ healinpr over of the dispute
between Mayor Harrison ar.d John P.
Hopkirs. who in all probability will
have charge of the campaign in Illinois.
ESOPUS. N. Y.. July 24.— Judge Alton
LJ. Parker. Democratic candidate for
PresiCtnt. did not accept nor did he de
tJine an invitation presented to him to
day to sr>tak at a Democratic ratifica
tion tnectins to be hold in Chicago on
August 20. when William J. Bryan will
be one of the p;>eakeis. A delegation
representing Mayor Carter H. Harrl
an vis-ited him at Esonus to-day.
Judge Parker told E. M. LahilT. who
art»-<l as Fnoktpman, that to accept the
Invitation at this time might cause him
surnc- embarrassment, and he did not
ftt'l like- promising to- attend any event
ot that character, at least until after
the notification ceremonies had taken
llii.ee. He did czy. however, that If he
acieptvd any invitations at all he would
visit Chicago.
Mayor Harrison Visits Esop
us and Assures Jurist That
Peace Keigiis in Illinois
PERFECTING DETAILS
PARTY TO BE LIMITED
GOING TO THE ORIENT
CH1CAGOANS WANT HIM
Democratic Candidate for
President Hesitates About
Accepting the Invitation
Inventor Says He Has Mas
tered a Boat That Will
Be Terror to Warships
SirLambton Lorraine Leaves
London Next Month for a
Visit to the United States
Convention Committee Will
Inform Roosevelt of His
Nomination on Wednesday
HOLLAND PLANS
NEW SUBMARINE
WILL NOTIFY
THE PRESIDENT
JUUGE PARKER
IS STILL COY
FAMOUS BRITISH
ADMIRAL C0MING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY... JULY.: 25; 1904.
This Vessel, Which Was Purchased From Brazil During the Spanish-
American War, Demonstrates the Utility of Sheathed and Cop
pered Craft Intended for, Naval Stations Located in the Tropics
CRUISER ALBANY COMES HOME AFTER
FOUR YEARS' SERVICE IN THE ORIENT
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT tjkited states bbanch. STATEMENT
; X! -of the- STATEMENT ~° F raE -
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS -OF THE- CONDITION AX£_AFFAIICS
-OF THE- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS XlAATnTT'T?!* T7TT>T!
Aarhpn ami Mnnirh Firp ~° F raE ~ VLK rlKE
Aacnen ano municn rire Aachen nd Munjch Fj insurance company
INSURANCE COMPANY MW J! ,„ „" " „' " JP8Sa
INSUKANCr COmPANY D 10^' an1 for th * vear p^.ins on that
OF AIX LA CHAPELLE. GERMANY. II1OUI1HI1UL UUilll Mil I day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
on the 31st day of December.. A. D. 1903, <\ of the State of California, pursuant to tha
and for the year ending on that day. as made fjF AIX LA CHAPELLE. GERMANY. ON provisions of Sections 610 and «11 of the Po-
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Vf the 31st day 0 . December. A. D. 1903, and ! itlc^3 c J? de> c , cndense d as per blank furnished
California pursuant to the provisions of Sec- ,„, flw , „„_ „_,,,__ „ , h .» ,,.,„ ' „,„,,- ,„ fc y * h e Commissioner:
tlon* 610 'and 611 of the Political Code, con- f° r l T he year end . ln * on that day. as made to CAPITAL
denied as per blank furnished by the Coramls- the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Amount of Capltat stoclT oald nr»
sloner: , ./ ' - California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec- in Cash *••« u »», rmnrmm
CAPITAL. tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con- """ ASSETS »'.«».WITO
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up denied as per blank furnished by the Commla- Real Estate owned b y Company. . SC9" 9JW «
ln Cash JJoO.OOOOO sicner: Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2Monrt
ASSETS. ASSETS. Cash Market Value of all Stocks
Real Estate owned by Company... 1,030,210 CO Cash Market Value of all Stocks *" d P 0^ owned by Company.. 2.730,2*4 7!»
ssssasssi isss£ 1M - m " > c .r,^s rns comp * ny - ?? ! i ?&%'¦" "¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ «ssss
and Bomls. owned by Company. .. 2,322,015 4S Cash In Company s Office 215 2S Interest due and accrued on all
Cash in Company's Office 10,718 23 C*sh In Banks ;. 123.260 60 Stocks and Loans 20.3S3 74
Cash in Banks 424.05S 01 Premiums in due Course of Collec- Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Interest due and accrued on Bonds, • ' tlon 1K17-10S6 -„* . Mor jK a fes 14 5R
MortKasoi. at.d Stocks 41.278 05 „ ii^iMi Wm."^' iiV^ Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Prcmlums In due Course of Collec- Bil . ls> re «lvab!e. not Matured, taken tlon 400 ,,
ti O jf 904 100 47 for Fire and Marine Risks...... 1,279 S3 Rents due and accrued 438 oo
! — Due from other Companies for Re-
Total Assets $«.725,9S4 34 Total Assets ; $1,127.132 81 insurance on losses already paid. 13.805 IT
LIABILITIES. LIABILITIES. Total Assets .J4.104.110 QT
Lomps adjusted am.l unpaid '..1 Losses n\1 justed and unpaid. $9,788 07 LIABILITIES =====
0 /..^! 1 . 3 . 1 !"!?^ 406.71606 m proee» of Adjustment or Lo«e, adjusted and unpaid. ..'..... $73.843 89
Losses resisted Including expenses I 1n Suspense 63.S25 54 Lowes in process of Adjustment
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Losses resisted. Including expenses. -7.200.2 «• «" Sus P eT \ se ; • •• • • 199.21127
running one year or lew and Gro.« Premiums on Fire Risks run- tos nr.nl ,m", frf^T 11 * 1 - 32.23S «
more than ono year $3,060,266 85; „ , nirg one year or less. $693.807 36: n^g^'Tear^o^esT'i" o?^
C.'sh "dh'idends^re ™ainlns unpaid; ! IfflaS 80 reinsurance 50 per cent 346.903 68 1O« 11: rel/suranS 5oS er *S!£.$t.0BT.«B «
Return P»mlui£™n" Tr* insurance ' Gross Premiums on Fire Risk, run- Gross premiums on Fire Risk, run-
Premiums unpaid 217.159 93 nln B more than one year. $462.- £4?%^ T* ,.£,*?, J* ne y ' ar - . f **" ,«.«.„
Tension Fund and Public Utility 1(K S9: reinsuranc- pro rata.... 260.574 19 c^ m ,-*,o n ; .SS^iiSl^I* *«i M
Fund and all other liabilities.... 452.099 09 ComTnl8g , on8 and Brokerage due C Tnd to become^ iuf. . . . !??... .". SftW S3
Total Liabilities $3,496,834 4S and to become due ( 36.973 90 All other Liabilities io!l58 24
= . ... All other liabilities 17030 '¦; ¦- .;•••- —
ivrnvfp- Total Liabilities -..12.473.882 53
Net cash actually received for Fire Total Liabilities •*_¦ .>5,74.t .0 INCOME.
premiums 2.995,329 00 T^./vi^fc Net cash actually received for Ftr«
Received for interest on Bonds') iNLOMt. premiums $2,918,137 «4
and Mortgages Net cash actually received for Klre Received for Interest on Bonds and
Received for Interest and divi- [¦ 163.735 56 premiums $381,845 57 Mortgages 173 00
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans. Received for lnfrest ar.d dividends Received for interest and dividends
and from all other sources.... J Kec J , ' '„ ' , ; cwie* Loans and Pn Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
Received for rents .:.. 25.815 86 on Bonds Stocks. Loans, ana from all other sources.......... . 11-339 73
Interest on Pinslon and Public from all other sources 29.609 30 Rece ivid for Rents 2DCS3 11
Utility Funds • 14,663 93 Received from Home Office 5,485 00 ' x
V/TOU1 incom... ...^.......W.190.54Tm Total Inco m.... •» 916.939 87 ™^ ""'S!^£
EXPENDITURES. ~ rvpirvnm-ppc. '¦ >•>« amount raid for Fire Lo»sea
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.. $1,436,431 44 EXPRMUuiKts. (Including $2H5.376 M. losses of
Dividends to Stockholders 374.35000 Net amount paid for Flre Losses previous years). $1.25WU»14 75
Paid or allowed for Commission or (including $69.«73 i3. losses of Dividends to Stockholders 1 lOOOOOOO
Brokerage 61 5. 569 65 previous years) $467.55256 Paid or allowed for Commission or
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other p a id or allowed for Commission or Brokerage 537.872 53
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 328,024 65 Brokerage 183.849 67 Paid for Salaries. Fees. «nd other
Paid fcr State. National, and Local Paid for^alarl's. Fees, and other charges for officers, clerks, etc... 214.044 27
taxes 29 959 03 charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 80.994 64 Pai.l for State. National and Local
All other payments and expend!- PaM for State. National, and Local taxes , 70.267 19
tures 110.326 71 taxes • • 23.913 20 All other payments and expendi-
___1____ All other payments and expendl- tures .^Y..... 260 3SS 26
Total Expenditures $2,704.66148 tures 70.193 20 .
• = ¦— l, ... Total Expenditures $2,469,3S7 03
-$^ Total Expenditures ....$ 826,508 27 —
LOSSES Incurred during the year. .$1,585,396 79 ===== Fire.
— — — ; • - — _ , • Fire. LOSSES incurred dnrtnr th« ysar. .$1,313,815 40
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risk*. Premiums. BOSSES incurred during the year 1469.016 79 r— : . „_ ; = r =; Ti '
_ . , _. i . , Risks tt Premiums. Flr« Rif ks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
written during the : ¦ ¦ Net amount of Risks
year ...». .$2.801.187.619 15,414.12152 Net amount of Risks . ..;., written during thef
Net amount of Risks ¦ written during the year :.: $433, 670.S59 60 $4,233,743 S3
Expired during the year .] $SS.322.05S $1,210.246 06 Net amount of Risks
year .............. 2,655,351.149 5.154.67997 Net amount of Risks expired during the
Net amount in force ¦ expired during the year 356.419.27*49 3.549.023 73
December 31. 1003. 1.628.108.430 3.060.266 85 year I 72.531.173 1.048.200 94 Net amount tn force
_ . _ — u«t amount In foreel December 31. 1903 403.070.971 »4 3.955.129 73
¦ ?S?T t Z R Ic^D G E TG^al 1 Mrnfg?r t : _E==!^_?!li«A^^»«_.H»«l» , CHARLES A. Sh'aV. l^rtW '
Subscribed ar.d sworn to' before me. this 12th J. A. KELSEY. United States Manager. JOSEPH McCORD. Secretary,
day of April. 1004 Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25th.
FRANKLIN BRUMDAGE. day of January. 1904. ' I day of January. 1904. C. F. SHAW.
U. 8. Consul at Aix la Chapelle, Germany. C. M. DOUGHTY. Notary Public. • Commissioner of Deeds ln New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT. . . .......... ... .423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
V ; l CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager/
OT?MEssOTa 0 S H 'f °" 7 Aareat "- V - ALFRED R.GRIVV Assistant Manager.
AD VERTISEM KXTS.
AT THE BAR
wHsxr TOtr dowt feel well
ask ros
RED DRAGON SELTZER
'^iV ***¦! tssM ¦« 1 4 X IN* ' £W
PERFECTLY HARMLESS.
CUBES
HEADACHE
VECTOTTSVESS IlfDIGESTION
Bed Snrca Seltzer Pacific Agency,
, Co., Hew York. 118 Battery St., S. F.Second' Lieutenant Victor E. Lewis,
Who Disappeared From This 'City,
Is Now Classed as Deserter.
-WASHINGTON, July 24. — The
name of Victor E. Lewis, second lieu
tenant of the Twenty-eighth Company
of Coast Artillery, has beeji dropped
by the War Department from the
army register, on . account . of absence
without leave for three months. He
had been ordered to . Honolulu , and
disappeared at San Fraaclsco, -
HIS NAME IS DROPPED
¦ -.• FROM ARMY REGISTER
On her arrival here Saturday under
the Russian flag the steamer Scandia
asked to be supplied with provisions
and coal, which were refused her.
The vessel had no ammunition on
board, but carried a general cargo
and rails for Japan.
Will Charter Steamship to Convey
New Ord<rs t o Cruisers."
SUEZ. July 24.— It is rumored here
that the Russian Consul is about to
charter an Egyptian steamship to
convey orders to vessels of the Rus-
Fian volunteer fleet to quit the Red
Sea forthwith.
RUSSL\ LOSING XO TIME.
WEBSTER CITY, Iowa, July 24. —
John McCaffrey, a logger of Keokuk.
has originated a unique plan for a
tour to the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position. His proposition is to float
from Keokuk on a log down the Mis
sissippi, more than 200 miles by the
river route. * About the only equip
ment he will take will be a long pike,
to be used as a ballasting pole.
At the rate' of four miles an hour it
will requnire more than fifty-two
hours to complete the trip.
Iowa Man to Make a Novel Two Hun
dred-Mile Voyage on the
Mississippi. '
WILL FLOAT ON A LOG x :^
TO TIIE ST. LOUIS FAIR
"These men will be without an equal
in the world," said Manning. "They
have brawn, but have. not been proper
ly trained. Under my teaching they
will develop wonderfully. They then
will be prepared for strike duty or any
other hardships."
CHICAGO, July 24.— Chief O'Neill
believes that in the arrival in Chicago
from San Francisco of "Billy" Man
ning, professor of physical culture and
former lightweight champion boxer of
the world, he can see the dawn of a
new era in the police department. .
Instead of the shambling, ungainly
gait with which the patrolman now
shumes alone: his beat the Chief be
lieves that soon Chicagoans will see
the blue coats parading with should
ers erect and the general bearing of
well drilled soldiers.
Manning intends to establish physi
cal culture classes in every, station In
the city. His plan Is said to have re
ceived already the indorsement of the
Chief.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
According to the Suez correspondent
of the Daily Mail, the Russians ob
tained all the information about ves
sels carrying explosives from the mails
taken off the German steamship Prinz
Helnrlch.
LONDON, July 25.— The statement
that Russia has decided to waive her
claim to search the Malacca and to
forbid similar seizures in the future is
accepted by the morning papers as a
fairly satisfactory solution of the sit
uation brought about by the seizure of
that vessel. The fact that German
vessels have also been seized is held
to acquit Russia of any design to em
broil Great Britain with other powers.
The Malacca's passengers, -who have
arrived at Aden, the Morning Post
6ays, report that the Russian offi
cers were civil, but made the strange
threat that if other ships were seized
with the same quantities of explosives
on board they would be sunk, no other
prize crews being available.
Accepts St. Petersburg's Solution oC
the Red Sea Problem.
ENGLAND IS SATISFIED.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 24.— Mrs.
Crocker, wife of George Crocker of New
York, is very feeble to-night and her
death is expected at any time. It was
learned that she had been unconscious
since Thursday, when she was last able
to recognize members of her family, all
of whom are at her bedside this evening
awaiting the end. „ v ;
Mrs. Crocker brightened up consider
ably upon her arrival, but on Thursday
she began to sink, and then it was that
all hope for her recovery was aban
doned. It was said late In the evening
that Mrs. Crocker was dying.
Patient Has Been Unconscious Since
Last Thursday anA Relatives
Have Lost Hope.
SIRS. CROCKER SINKING
AND DEATH IS IMMINENT
There is some anxiety lest the St.
Petersburg and the Solensk may pre
cipitate reprisals by British warships
now In the Red Sea.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 25, 3:15
e. m. — The report that the Russian
volunteer fleet steamship Smolensk
fired shells at the British steamship
Ardova is not considered likely to en
danger the Anglo-Russian agreement.
It is pointed out that the Ardova had
no right to refuse to stop when or
dered. At the same time It is fully
realized, that the captain of the Smol
ensk should not have fired a ehell over
the decks of the Ardova,
There is considerable annoyance in
naval circles over the failure of the
vessels of the volunteer fleet to keep in
touch with St. Petersburg by cable.
Several days ago orders were cabled
to the St. Petersburg and Smolensk
Instructing them to abstain from the
further stoppage of vessels. These or
ders were subsequently rendered more
imperative and it is not too much to
Bay that they took the form of a recall
of both vessels.
ST. PETERSBURG ALAR3IED.
Red Sea Cruisers May Precipitate Re
prisals by British Warships.
Here occurs another mutilation. The
message continues as follows:
"The next day we abandoned our
position, leaving the bodies of fifteen
Japanese, which we were unable to
bury." . •¦:.* .:'<¦'-.
Lieutenant General Sakharoff, in a
dispatch to the general staff, 'dated
July 23, reports skirmishes in the vi
cinity of Kalchou on July 22.
Lieutenant General Count Keller's
reconnaisances on the same day showed
that the Japanese had only weak de
tachments at the Slaokao and Wefan
kau passes. There -was no change In
the situation on the high road to Muk
den. According to the report, strong
Japanese columns with thirty guns
were advancing along the left bank of
the Taitse, in the direction of Slak
polahi
LIAOYANG, Friday. July 22.— The
Japanese forces to the eastward are
grouped at Llaokho, Fenshui and
Sigowlin passes. The southern army
is at Siuyen, In close touch and appar
ently awaiting developments. Yinkow
is quite free from Japanese troops,
who have made no attempt to occupy it.
ABANDON TIIE POSITION.
The message continues by • saying
that when the Russians had given
themselves up for lost a welcome di
version was created In their rear by
Captain Rotovski, In command of three
companies of Russian troops, who
threw his force into the fight: Cos
sack companies also came up on a gal
lop.
the seacoaet north of Kalchou. They
got within close range and opened fire
on the camp before they were discov
ered and forced the retirement of the
Japanese toward Kaichou.
Here a portion of the dispatch Is
missing. Apparently the attackers
were enveloped by a counter Japanese
movement (probably by troops from
some neighboring position, for this
whole region is strongly fortified) and
the Russian detachment was in danger
of being cut off and annihilated.
HEWCHWAHG POPULACE SEES BATTLE
Continued From Pajj© 1. Column 7.
SHUFFLING GAIT
MAY DISAPPEAR
WHITEHALL. 111.. July 24.— The
body of an 11-year-old daughter of
Rev. Elijah Mott. who died five years
ago at Alsey, Scott County, was ex
humed to-day for removal and found
to be In a state of perfect preserva
tion, though heavy as stone. The re
mains retained their natural form and
color.
Exhumation of Remains of Illinois
Girl Reveals No Change In Na
tural Form and Color.
BODY IS WELL PRESERVED
AFTER FIVE YEARS' BURIAL
BERLIN, July 24.— A dispatch from
St. Petersburg says that Russia, in
response to Germany's protest, sent a
dispatch to Port Said to-day, ordering
the Immediate release of the Hamburg-
American line steamship Scandia,
which had arrived there and was
awaiting instructions.
The official report of the seizure of
the Scandia, received from the German
Consul at Suez, says that the Russian
volunteer fleet steamship Smolensk
encountered the vessel at the Island of
Perlm, In the straits of Bab-el-Mandeb,
and that she was seized, notwithstand
ing the fact that her captain showed
from the manifest ! that there was no
contraband of war. Twenty-five Russian
officers and seamen were on board the
Scandia when the report was sent and
It was the intention of the Russians
that the passengers and a portion of
the German crew should be landed at
Port Said.
Scandla's Manifest Showed No Con
traband of War Was Aboard.
CAPTAIN'S PROTEST FUTILE.
WOULD QUARANTINE SWIFT'S.
South St. Paul Strikers Say There Is
Diphtheria In the Plant.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 24.— During
the day a committee of strikers sought
to make trouble for Swift & Co. by ap
pearing before the Chief of Police In
South St. Paul and demanding that
the Swift packing plant be quaran
tined. They claimed that four of the
strike breakers hired by Swift's had
come from homes in St. Paul Park,
which were under diphtheria quaran
tine, and that during the respite on
Thursday they had gone back to their
homes for a short visit. The .Chief of
Police refused to take action.
AWAIT WORD FROM CHICAGO.
KANSAS CITY, July 24.— No action
was taken by the union packing-house
employes to-day relative to the ulti
matum of the allied trades unionists
to the packers at Chicago last night.
The labor leaders here axe not In favor
of acting until they know exactly what
the Chicago unionists intend to do. It
is certain, however, that the employes
here will fellow the lead of the Chicago
unionists, and if the threatened strike
is declared in the morning they will be
loyal to tho orders from Chicago.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., July 24.—
Colonel L. F. Copeland of Harrlibufg.
Pa., a widely known lecturer, who was
engaged as one of the speakers at the
Chautauqua which has Just opened
here, has been taken suddenly 111 and
his physicians have announced that he
cannot live.
Well Known Lecturer May Die.
The League of the Crogs Cadets,
numbering several hundred, arrived in
the city last night at 7:30 o'clock on a
special train from the encampment at
Santa Cruz. At camp all the morning,
prior and subsequent to worship, every
one was astir and at 2 o'clock p. m.
the generale was sounded and the
tented city fell in a moment. This
brought to a close one of the most
successful and delightful encamp
ments ever undertaken by the organ
ization.
By gentlemanly like behavior and
discipline the cadets won the esteem
of the people of Santa Cruz, thousands
of whom were at the railway station
to bid them good-by on their departure.
The day opened with a grand mili
tary mass in the Casino. The regi
ment was drawn up in hollow square
with the officers in the center. The
regimental band rendered a programme
of sacred music, including "Gloria,"
(Beethoven); hymn, "Come, Holy
Ghost;" "Rosary," (Grey); "Palms.**
(Fauvre); "the Lost Chord," (Sulli
van); hymn, "Te Deum;" "Coronation"
(Meyerbeer).
The Rev. Father Philip O*Ryan was
celebrant and Cadets William Green
and Harvey Stevens were the acolytes.
The drum was beaten at consecration
by Sergeant James . Keane. . Father
O'Ryan in addressing the cadets
thanked Colonel James Power and all
the officers for the great work done
during the encampment and congratu
lated the members of the regiment for
their exemplary conduct.
On arriving in San Francisco the
regiment marched to the armory at
1139 Market street, where it was dis
missed. All the boys are In excellent
health .and Father O'Ryan paid a high
compliment last night to Major Mor
risey, the regimental surgeon, for his
care and watchfulness of the youths
during the encampment.
USE OF FRENCH LANGUAGE . £*i
GROWING IN UNITED STATES
PARIS. July 24. — The Alliance
Francaise held its annual banquet
last night. Goffleet, secretary of the
American section, reported an exten
sion in the use of the French lan
guage in the United States. Jules
Lamplova, San Francisco branch, has
received the decorat'on of officer of
the academy.
Found Dead in a' Chair.
John Quinn, a retired bricklayer,
was found dead yesterday in his home
at 411 Dolorea street by John Lavbie.
Quinn was seated in a chair and death
resulted from natural causes. H%
leaves a sister, who is at present visit
ing at a ranch in Butte County. Quinn
was a man of considerable means.
Big Distillery Seized.
SACRAMENTO, July 24. — The Red
Bank Distillery and Vineyard, to
gether with 6000 gallons of unstamped
brandy worth 516,000, owned by
Henry Mette, have been seized by the
internal revenue officers. It is charged
that the still has been run as an illicit
still. All the property has been de
clared forfeited ta ihe .Government* fi
VLADIVOSTOK, Saturday, July 23.—
The newspapers of the Far East are
dwindling. The disappearance of the
Vladivostok Messenger has been fol
lowed by a reduction In the size of the
Amur News, the official organ of the
Governor .General of the province of
Amur.
War Costly to Newspapers.
CHICAGO, July 24.— Emulators of
the exploits of the car barn bandits,
four youths arrested yesterday con
fessed killing one man In a saloon
hold-up and robbing a score of others
at different times. The murder was
that of John Lane, stage carpenter of
the Illinois Theater, who was shot In
an attempt to hold up Gustave Rie
gel's saloon on the morning of July
4. The proprietor also was shot.
The prisoners are Peter Dulfer, James
and William Farmby and David Kelly.
All declare they are less than 20 years
old.
The police believe the young men
have not confessed to all their crimes
and expect at least two other murders
will be admitted by them.
YOUTHS APING
CAR BANDITS
The Ardova, Captain Smith, sailed
from New York on June 15*for Ma
nila. She arrived at Port Said on
July 11.
the next mail boat. The Scandia is
awaiting orders from her owners.
Advices received here say that the
Russian volunteer fleet steamship
Smolensk fired two blank shots
across the bow of the British steam
ship Ardova, the cargo of which con
sists of coal and explosives, and, the
vessel not stopping, the Smolensk sent
two loaded shots at her, one of them
passing over her amidships and the
other over her stern.
The Ardova was then seized and
her crew transferred to the Smolensk
The vessel will be brought to Suez-
YOONG CADETS
RETURN HOME
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 24.— It is
stated that as the result of proposals
made by Sir Nicholas"o'Connor, the
British Embassador, Tewflk Pasha, the
Foreign Minister, has given the neces
sary orders to prevent any attempt
which may be made to take the Penin
sular and Oriental steamship Malacca
or the Russian volunteer fleet steam
ships St. Petersburg and Smolensk
through the Dardanelles into the Black
Sea.
Turkey Closes Passage to the Smol
ensk and St. Petersburg.
CANNOT RETURN TO BLACK SEA.
LONDON, July 25.— The Gibraltar
correspondent of the 3Iail asserts that
the British torpedo craft there have
been ordered to mobilize.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. July 24. —
Sergeant Baldwin, General Bell's or
derly, had a very narrow escape from
assassination last night at Cameron.
He had gone there to make an arrest
and while riding through the town
an unknown person fired six shots at
him. The first shot passed through
the sergeant's hat and the second
came so close aa to throw dirt in his
face. After these two shots there was
a lull In the flrlner and then four shots
were fired in quick succession. The
sergeant believes he will be able to lo
cate the would-be assassin and ar
rest him.
Unknown Person Fires Six Shots at
General Bell's Orderly.
SOLDIER HAS CLOSE CALL.
However, the decision of the Russian
Government to withdraw the authority
Riven to the volunteer fleet to make
searches and seizures simplifies the sit
uation very materially. Presumably. In
view of this new attitude of the Rus-
Fian Government, the Ardova will be
released promptly, the seizure dis
avowed and the incident will be closed
without delay.
No shipments or stores or other sup
plies made by the army or the navy
fur the Philippines are carried in other
than American bottoms. Congress by
special enactment at its last session ex
pressly prohibited such shipments in
foreign vessels. As a consequence, all
Fuppjies for the army or navy in the
Philippir.es are carried either in army
transports, or where these are not
available, In American bottoms. An
exception to this, however, may pre
vail where roods are furnished by con
tract, in which case the means of
shipment are at the risk and option of
the contractor.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— Any action
tvhich may be taken regarding the
Ftizure of the British ship Ardova by
the ' Russian volunteer steamship
Smolensk Is a matter for the British
Government. It is not a matter which
i:i thp least concerns the United States.
This is the view taken in official cir
cles here.
fei izwrc of British Vessel Sailing From
New York No Cause for Action.
NOT AMERICA'S CONCERN.
NAGASAKI, Japan, July 24. — Dis
patches from Omura state that the
Mroii" Russian position at Shimou, ten
miles east of I Jaoyanc, was captured
by the Japanese on July 19. The Jap
anese lost 280 men in the attack.
Oakland— M. V. Cooler, R. Cooler, Miss A.
Hoesly, I. C. Boss, K. R»»Boss, B. Chapman,
J. L. Wheeler and wife, A. N. Wacha and
wife C. C. Lombard.
Sacramento— J. J. Gllflllan. E. Weliman and
wife, E. Schopel, D. T. Jenkins, C. E. Day.
Miscellaneous — D. W. Hampton and wife,
Redding; L. S. Beckley, Ventura; L. M. En
right. M. G. J Tonney, E. O'Brien. N. O'Brien,
A. J. Rheln and wife. San Jose; W. F. Chand
ler and family. Selma; C. Baum, Alameda; W.
B. Melone and family, Saratoga; Mrs. F. Por
ter, Boulder Creek; J. G. Swift, Santa Cruz;
H. P. Hoosly and wife, Martinez; Mr«. A. L.
Beekley, Ventura; Mrs. H. D. Hall, Downey;
L. Ornlgs, Palo Alto; W. C Hargraded, Red
lands; Mr«. D. S. Sennon and son, Placervllle;
M. Risley, Fresno: J. C. Elliott and family,
Monrovia; W. S. Dakln. T. E. Blausey, San
Pedro; Mr*. H. R. Barnell, Santa Rosa; E. K.
Taylor and wife, Alameda; C. M. Johnson,
Colton; C. B. Neely, Palo Alto; D. T. Truttt
and wife, Lompoc; Dr. C. Pashenk. Colfax.
ST. LOUIS, July 24.— The following
California visitors have registered at
the California building at the exposi
tion:
San Francisco — C. Maw, T. H. Pwhleh. F.
A. Urmsoa and wife, M. Erb and wifa. C.
Adams and family. Miss K. Hynes, H. B.
Brtgham, B. A. Worthlngton and family, C.
H. Dag»y, F. V. Wilson, B. D. LaPrelle, N.
Sexton, w. Sexton, Mr9. M. J. Turner and
daushter, T. P. Bayer, C. B. Grunsky, E. V.
Navlet. Li. V. Navlet, E. Rless, E. R. Baum
and wife. Miss M. Loewl, W. Loewl. M. Far
rls, J. K.»)ke, M. Bristol, H. Van Gelder, W.
J. Flynn and family. C. F. Mueller. O. H.
Wlesa and wife, A. Todd, A. Thane, G. A.
Dennlson.
i
Day's Record of Westerners Who
Registered in the Golden State
-*. ¦ •» " " . Building:.
CALIFORNIA VISITORS
AT TIIE WORLD'S FAIR
NEW YORK, '.July 24.— To all out
ward appearances there Is perfect har
mony betwe^i the big packers and
their emplpyfs In this city. The kill
ing of cattle went on as usual during
the five Sunday work hours In the
Schwarzschild & Sulsberger plant and
that of the United Dressed Beef Com
pany. The leaders were busy holding
conferences, however, and the situa
tion In this city depends on the out
come of the conference at Chicago.
ployes In Metropolis Peaceful.
Relations Between Packers and Em-
HARMONa- IN NEW YORK.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 24. — In
ability to reach- the cruisers operating
in the Red Sea, with orders that they
desist and return home, is placing the
Russian Government in a serious pre
dicament. For forty-eight hours ef
forts have been made to get into com
munication with the vessels; without
avail. Meanwhile new seizures of neu
tral ships are occurring, each adding
to the burden of trouble with which
the Foreign Office Is struggling.
Miners Accuse Federal Office-Holder
at Victor of Aidbis: Deportations.
DENVER. Colo.. July 24. — Secre
tary Haywood of the Western Federa
tion of Miners has forwarded a tele
gram to President Roosevelt statins
that Postmaster F. M. Reardon of Vic
tor Is one of the members of the com
mittee which he says is responsible for
deporting miners from the Cripple
Creek district and asking that steps
be taken to prevent Federal office
holders from taking part In such
demonstrations.
Complaints have also been made to
the President against Postmaster
Reardon and Postmaster Sullivan of
Cripple Creek, alleging that they have
permitted mall sent to union sym
pathizers to be opened and mutilated.
COMPLAIN OF POSTMASTER.
LONDON. July 25. — The Toldo cor
respondent of the Times. In a dispatch
dated July 24, says he believes that the
object of the Vladivostok squadron is
to interrupt trade between tho United
States and Japan and that steamers
on the way from Canada and San
Francisco are hi serious danger. He
says that another aim of the squadron
is apparently to seal Tokio Bay.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— SoW an
nouncement is expected to-morrow as
to whether the United States Govern
ment will restate its position on the
questions of the searching of neutral
ships by belligerent powers and of con
traband of war. The final decision
rests with Secretary Hay. Loomis,
first assistant Secretary of State, was
out of the city to-night and no one at
the department would say Just where
he was. The supposition was that he
had gone to hold a consultation with
the Secretary of State.
There is some question in the de
partment as to the advisability of
issuing a new proclamation at this time
on the question of neutral ships, simply
for the purpose of giving Information
to American owners. It is thought by
some Government officials to be wiser
for the United- States to remain quiet
on this question until some specific
case arises.
Professor John Bassett Moore's opin
ion is regarded in official circles here as
an able announcement of America's po
sition on contraband of war and any
proclamation from this Government on
the question Is likely to follow the gen
eral lines laid down by Professor
Moore.
State Department Officials Doubt Its
Advisability at This Time.
MAY NOT ISSUE PROCLAMATION.
CILEFU, July 25, noon. — The Ger
man steamship Chefu, from Xcw
chwans, reports that at 2 o'clock this
morning, when she was fifty miles
from this port, she was stopped by
four Japanese torpedo-boats and
searched. After bclnjr released she
was fired upon with rapid-fire suns.
War Bulletins.
The terrible execution of the single
shot is attributed to the fact that at
the distance of the shot the charge
scattered. '
The strikers say the negro passed In
side the lines near the pickets who at
the time were discussing some alleged
shooting by negro strike-breakers at
another part of the yards last night.
The negro is said to have heard a part
of the discussion as he passed the pick
ets and to have turned to them with
a warning of "Don't you talk to me."
The witnesses stated- that he then
passed fifty- yards- farther Inside the
lines, mounted some steps at the re
ceiving station, took aim at the group
of pickets and fired, wounding- the five
men.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 24.— Abe
Kruse, a negro strike-breaker, was as
saulted by pickets near the packing
plant of Swift & Co. to-day and fired
into a crowd of assailants, wounding
five. They are: Joseph Welgle. shot
In abdomen, may die; John Jetta, shot
in body and legs; Joseph Sanger,
wounded In thigh and legs; August
Newmeyer, shot in leg; Steve Flnne
gan, shot In legs.
Kruse was arrested by the police
and Is In the county Jail. He fired but
one shot. Th« weapon was of a maga
zine type, and was loaded with buck
shot
Fires Into Crowd of Assailants.
Nejrro Strike-Breaker at St. Joseph
WOUNDS FIVE PICKETS.
That for days he wandered along
under the burning' sun is indicated by
the fact that Reed found to-day the
boy's tracks within half a mile of his
camp. He had gone that far along the
right road and thinking he had missed
his way, turned back. On the return
trip he wandered almost, to his home
and again turned back toward the
camp. He had no canteen and through
out the long journey he was without
water. ,
On Thursday his burro, unsaddled,
returned to its corral, but the boy's
mother* thought nothing of Its appear
ance, supposing her son had reached
Reed's camp and that the burro had
strayed from there.
Within three miles of the lad were
the trickling streams from . artesian
wells and only one mile from where
he threw himself down to die was his
home. His blackened corpse indicates
that he had been dead at least two
days when found.
The temperature Tuesday and
Wednesday was 108, both days being
partly cloudy with humidity far above
normal, which made the heat more in
tense than even that high tempera
ture.
MECCA, July 24.— Lying on his back
under a tree, the face and hands blis
tered by the torrid sun until recog
nition was possible only by the cloth
ing he wore and what they contained,
the body of Robert Roach, aged 13,
son of F. F. Roach, a Southern Pacific
bridge carpenter, who resides two miles
from Mecca, was found this morninc
He had died of thirst after the most
agonizing suffering, within a mile of
plenty of Avater and almost within
sight of his home.
The body was discovered by J. P.
Reed, a grizzled old prospector, who
has a camp 1 in the foothills of Torres
Mountain, twelve miles south of this
place. Reed was coming to Mecca from
his camp this morning, when he found
the" body. Reed was last In town on
Monday and the boy learned that he
was going to return to camp the next
morning and asked permission to ac
company him. Consent was given and
the, next morning Reed started, think
ing the boy had either given, up the
Idea of going or would catch up with
him. It Is now known that he missed
Reed at Mecca and started along his
trail toward his camp.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
. The mill gates -will be opened at the
usual time to-morrow morning and the
operatives will be given an opportunity
to go to work under a wage reduction
of 12V6 per cent. If an insufficient num.
ber responds the mlll3 will be closed
for an Indefinite period. The strike
leaders were of the opinion to-night
that there would not be «nough opera
tives applying for work throughout the
entire city to run even one mill, to
say nothing of the eighty or more that
are affected by the strike order. The
manufacturers claim that the two
thousand union men who voted to
strike do not represent the sentiment
of the great body of cotton mill em
ployes. They give the total number
of operatives on their payroll as 25.630.
This, of course, does not include the
employes at th« independent mills of
M. C. D. Borien, which are not in
volved.
The talk on the streets, however. In
dicates that the feeling against the
manufacturers is quite as bitter amone
the non-union operatives as it Is among
those who are affiliated with the labor
organizations.
John Golden, president of the United
Textile Workers of America, the leader
of the strike, has cautioned the opera
tives not to go near the mills to-mor
row. Many wild threats have been
made by an uninfluential class of
workers, but violence Is not expected.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. July 24.— With
hope of a peaceful settlement aban
doned, both sides in the impending in
dustrial trouble here await with dojeeed
determination the coming of to-mor
row and the first teat of strength be
tween a little group of manufacturers
representing a combined capital of
$25,000,000 on one side and more than
25,000 cotton mill operatives on the
other. ''••.'•*¦'•'.'
In fact, the negotiations throughout
the crisis were conducted In a most
friendly spirit on both sides and the
etory that there was a stormy scene
in the Foreign Office on July 20, when
{Sir Charles "presented the British pro
test, has not the slightest foundation.
The relations between the Foreign
Minister and the British Embassador
are extremely cordial. Count Lams
riorff. although he rarely goes any
v. here, called at the British Embassy
last night and remained an hour in in
i'.rmal chat with Sir Charles Hardinge.
It is now reported that the libera
tion of the Peninsular and Oriental
-Ftramship Malacca will occur at Al
f.iers.
Orders have been sent . to the St.
Petersburg and Smolensk to refrain
from interferences with foreign ship
lung. It is expected these steamships
will eventually Join the Baltic fleet and
be replaced by ordinary warships.
The Russian and British Govern
ments' have agreed on a mutually sat
isfactory basis for a settlement of the
question of the status of Russian vol
unteer fleet steamships in the Red Sea
and the seizures by them of British
frhirs. A few minor points still remain
ui.settled. but these will be cleared up
to-morrow and it is not expected that
farther complications will arise.
Great credit for the satisfactory
termination of this incident Is due* to
Foreign Secretary Lamsdorff, who, it
Is admitted, acted in the calm and con
ciliatory spirit worthy of a great
statesman. The attitude of Sir Charles
Hardinge, the British Embassador.
both for moderation and dignity, also
evokes j'raise. . . •'
After a long discussion, in which
Count Lamsdorff took a leading part,
it was decided that the present status
of the volunteer fleet was not sufii
ciently well defined, according to in
ternational law, to render further
searches and seizures advisable, and
that, therefore, Russia, in the interests
of friendly relations with the powers,
enould withdraw the authority given
the volunteer Meet in this respect.
The result of the conference removes
all doubts concerning the present atti
tude of Russia with regard to the vol
unteer fleet. The validity of the view
expressed In the British note regarding
th<j irregularity of the position of the
vessels was so far admitted that the
council agreed to waive th» right of
t-earch.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 24.— Grand
Duke Alexis presided at yesterday's
council, which Count Lamsdorff, the
Foreign Secretary, and Vice Admiral
-A\<?llan. chief of the Admiralty De
partment «md other high naval officers
intended.
"Chinese report that General Kuro
patkin. with 40,000 troops, is at Liao
jang, while his second in command,
with many men. Is still at Haicheng.
I still adhere to the opinion that the
Russians are not able to seriously op
pose the Japanese advance."
The Standard's correspondent with
the Japanese army under date of July
24 says:
¦ "It is difficult to understand the in
tentions of the Russians. Kuropatkin
is evidently bent on a retreat north
ward, yet he lingers in the south, at
tracted apparently by Port Arthur."
The correspondent of the Times with
General Kuroki's army says: •
¦'A junk from Dalny reports that
last night a Japanese Ueet of twenty
warships and twenty torpedo-boats
bombarded Hwangshin for three hours
and the forts replied."
The same correspondent learns that
the Japanese first array is being large
ly reinforced by veterans from the re
serves.
LONDON, July 25.— Specials to the
London morning papers confirm the
news of active operations at the seat
of war.
The Telegraph's Chefu correspondent,
under date of July 23, says:
The Chinese say that the Japanese
troops numbered 8000. The Russian
losses were one officer and four Cos
sacks wounded and a few horses killed.
Chinese scouts state that the Japan
ese are apparently establishing a base
in Korea, near the Yalu River, and
that there have been large movements
during the last few days from the
armies of Generals Kuroki and Oku to
Antung, on the Yalu. They say that
considerable camp equipment and pro
visions are being brought bv steam
ships, and it looks as though the Jap
anese were transferring their main
base from Japan to Korea. The Chi
nese also state that the latest Japan
ese troops consist of old men and boys,
apparently the last line of reserves.
SINTZINTIN (seventy miles east of
Mukden), July 24.— According to Chi
nese information, 30,000 Japanese, with
thirty-five field and 200 mountain guns,
have reached Saimatsza from the
south and have occupied the district
covered bv Saimatsza, lzvanchan and
Saiober. Four companies of Russian
cavalry and one company of infantry,
with two guns, came into contact with
the Japanese advance at 7 o'clock on
the morning of July 22 and discovered
that the Japanese, 1000 strong, were
advancing a mile and a half from Izy
arichan. The Russian guns checked
the advance, but, heavy reserves com
ing up, the Russians retired to a side
road near Uitzintzin to save them
selves from being cut off. The Japan
ese, however, did not continue to ad
vance.
Another handicap the packers will
meet with in the morning is a scarcity
of livestock. An estimate of the
amount of livestock in tho pens of the
packers to-night was 6000 cattle, 4000
hogs and 5000 sheep.
The packers claim to have nearly 5000
men with which to start operations to
morrow morning.
the most important body of men In tho
whole controversy. With these men on
strike the union forces expect to pre
vent any non-union men who take
their places from leaving the yards. and
scenes similar to those during: the
"caravan" days of the 1902 strike un
doubtedly will be the result if the
strike is prolonged. Teamsters outside
the yards are to be asked to refuse to
handle meat from any of the branch
houses, and if non-union men are en
gaged to perform this work riots are
certain to result.
These men will all work under po
lice protection and it is not believed
any trouble, will be experienced until
the several firms begin distributing
meats to the local trad© with non
union drivers. It is on this apparent
predicament of the packers that the
labor leaders are depending on success
In the struggle.
The situation makes the teamsters
Preparations for the struggle were
being made at the different packing
plants all during the day and far into
the night. Dozens of representatives of
the packing-houses were sent through
the country in search of men to fill the
places of the strikers. Four trainloads
of new employes were taken into the
yards before darkness set in to Join the
non-union men already established in
side the plants. Clerks were being ini
tiated into new duties, and employes
who had been promoted, from trades
were returned to their former work to
take the places of the' regular workers,
who are expected to quit.
Stockades have been erected at all the
different plants to protect men whose
work exposes them to danger from mob
violence. \
In addition to the four trains filled
with non-union men s brought into the
yards- to-day under police protection,
many other trains loaded with men
who had been secured during the last
twenty-four hours were scheduled to
arrive before daylight. With the num
ber of men already Installed within
the stockyards and the addition of
clerks and office men to the killing
rooms, work will be resumed In all the
plants to-morrow morning on as ex
tended a scale as possible.
UNDER POMCE PROTECTION
CHICAGO, July 24.— Determined on a
fight to a finish to enforce the demands
of the Butchers' Union, a sympathetic
strike of all union workmen employed
in the meat-packing industry through
out the country, with the exception of
the teamsters, will be inaugurated to
morrow morning at 7 o'clock. The indi
cations to-night are that the teamsters
will join the other unions 'on Tuesday
in order to bring the packers to terms.
- The teamsters employed in the Chi
cago plants at a meeting to-day de
clared in favor of the sympathetic
strike, their decision being subject to
ratification by the Joint council of the
Teamsters' Union and its sanction by
the international officers.
. No conferences were held to-day,
either by the packers or the labor lead
ers, or jointly, in an effort to reach ah
adjustment of the controversy. Both
sides rested to-day, apparently waiting
for to-morrow's developments."
Whether or not the packers would
make any concessions to the demands
of. the labor leaders in order to prevent
a general walkout of the trades at the
stockyardSyWould not be discussed by
any of the packing-house representa
tives to-day, but from the preparations
going on at the different plants during
the day it was plainly evident that the
packers intended to fight for. their In
dependence.
STOCKADES ARE ERECTED.
Twenty-Fiye Thousand Men
Opposing Manufacturers
Representing $25,000,000
OBJECT TO LOWER WAGE
Old Men m and Boys
Going Forth to
the. War.
Lad Dies in |||I|
• Almost in Sight
of Home.
Validity of Protest by
Great Britain Ad
mitted.
Kuropatkin Now at
Liaoyang With
40,000 Men.
CHICAGO, Jnly 24. — The Joint council of the Teamsters' Union, at
a meeting to-night, refused to sanction the decision of the packing
house teamsters to join in a sympathetic strike to-morrow, and, In
stead, appointed a committee to communicate with the packers In an
effort to reopen peace negotiations. The sympathetic strike of tho
other unions employed at the yards will be culled on schedule tune,
despite the action of the teamsters. . ; '
Both Sides in Cotton 3Iill
Controversy Are Prepared
for First Test of Strength
Liaotung Forts Are
Bombarded by
Warships.
No More Seizures of
Neutral Vessels Will
Be Made.
All Unions. Employed in the Meat-Packing
Industry Throughout the United States
Will Join the : Striking Butchers
Japan Is Transferring
Her Main Base
to Korea.
PERISHES
ALONE ON
THE DESERT
HOPE OF PEACE
IS ABANDONED
GREAT ARMY OF MEN
TO QUIT WORK TO-DAY
RUSSIA RECALLS RED SEA CRUISERS
AND ORDERS THE PRIZES RELEASED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV MONDAY, JULY 25, 1904:
Ye Olde English; Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by tho great Pan-
American .Quartet» . -^ ¦
COOS BAY, July • 24.— Stmr ¦¦ Breakwater did
not sail July 24. Probably will sail to-morrow.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 24— Bktn Wrestler,
for Honolulu.
-CORRECTION. -
DOMESTIC.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, July, 24.
Stmr Fulton, Panze, 54 hours from San Pe
dro. .¦-•'¦'.
Late Shipping: Intelligence.
PORT SAID. July 24— The Ham
burg-American line steamship Scan
<Jia has been released. The -Russian
crew which manned her has landed
here and will proceed to Odessa by.
Russian Prize Crew Lunds From the
Captured Steamship.
RELEASE OP THE SCAXDIA.
SWEET SPRINGS, Mo., July 24.—
Ex-Senator Vest to-night was much
weaker, the rally of yesterday having
been only temporary.
Ex-Senator Vest Is Weaker.
SEOUL, Saturday, July 23.— The Japa
nese have posted in Seoul an announce
ment that they will exercise police pow
er in all matters affecting Japanese in
terests. No anti-Japanese meetings will
be allowed. This action is the result of
the rapid growth of an anti-Japanese
propaganda. Foreigners are not affect
ed by the new order. .
RULING .WITH STRONG HAND.
3
AD VERTISEMENTS.
You Know
That If you have fainting, smothering:,
weak and hungry spells; If you have
shortness of breath when walking or go-
Ing upstairs; if your heart is irregular,
flutters or palpitate*; If yoa have pain*
around the heart. In side and under
shoulders, cannot sleep on left aide; have
difficulty in breathing when lylnr down,
that you are suffering from heart trou-
bles, and that It is liable at any minute
to prove fatal. ' .
Then don't delay. Commence at onca
to take
Dr. Miles'
New Heart Cure
This famous heart and blood tonic will
cure you if taken in time.
The time is when you notice any of
the above symptoms.
"I am glad I whs persuaded to try
Dr Miles' Heart Cure. I suffered greatly
from shortness of breath, palpitation,
smothering spells and pain around heart.
I took 6 bottles and was entirely cured.
This was two years ago. and I have had
no symptoms since," — JOHN K. TODD.
p M. Unlopolls. Ohio. -
The first bottle will benefit. If not ti«
drurelst .will r eium J9VX Btt&iZt , ~-^.TWELVE-YEAR-OLD IDAHO
BOY CO3IMITS SUICIDE
" SAN JOSE, July 24.— William Lude
wig, a retired merchant of St. Louis.
Mo., died here to-day. He was well
known among the merchants of the
South. He was a native of Germany
and 59 years of age. A few years ago
he retired from business and came to
Calif <&iia, locating at San . Jose. A
widow survives him.
William Ludewig, Formerly of St.
Louis and Well Known in the
. . South Succumbs.
RETIRED MERCHANT. DIES "
AT HOME IN SAN JOSE
SANTA CRUZ WELCOMES
THE GERMAN DELEGATES
Red Men Prepare for Annual Session
t Which Is to Be Held in Wag
ner's Grove.
SANTA CRUZ, July 24. — Delegates
to Grand Stamm, U. O. R. M., which is
the German branch of the Indepen
dent Order of Red Men, arrived this
noon, and were met by members of
Santa Cruss gtamm No. 125. They
were entertained by them and,to-mor
row will commence" their sessions in
an open wigwam in open air at Wag
ner's Grove, a secluded spot in the
hills among the redwoods near the
town.""'- ' - -
Plans Incorporation.
OAKLAND. July 24. — The Elmhurst
Improvement Club has opened a pro
ject to incorporate the town. A map
showing proposed boundaries has been
prepared. It includes the Moss, Madi
son Square, Marion, Stone, Silva. War
ner, Jones, Rose, Peralta. Kimball,
Alvln and a part of the Matthews
tracts.
It takes a great deal of money to be
admired for acting as if, you hadn't
a red cent.
OAKLAND. July 24. — The body of
the man murdered on the banks of the
Truckee River and who was identified
as Michael Ahearn of 925 Pine street,
ihis city, ivll be shipped to Oakland
for burial by order of Mrs. Ahearn
within the next two days. Mrs. Ahearn
is firmly convinced that the body Is
that of her husband and has ordered
its removal here as pood as the Reno
.iuthorities finish their Investigation.
Send for Ahcarn's Body.
SACRAMENTO. July 24. — Miss
Mollie Dougherty of San Francisco to
day swore to a complaint charging
Miss Summerfield, proprietor of a
lodging-house, with petty larceny. It
develops that -the charge has grown
out of rivalry on the part of the hos
tess and guest for the affections of a
young man to whom Miss Dougherty
Intrusted the railroad checks for her
trunks. Instead of going to the depot
after them he gave the checks to Miss
Summerfield.
The police assert that both Miss
Summerfield and Miss Dougherty are
in love with the young man. At any
rate. Miss Dougherty declares that in
a Jealous frenzy, Miss Summerfield
has held . her trunks and declines to
let - her have, any of the : summer
dresses with which Miss Dougherty
Tioped to shine during her visit.. She
has therefore applied to the court to
bring 1 her rival to terms. -
San Francisco Girl Says Jealousy
Prompts 'Sacramento Landlady to
Hold Her Trunks.
LOVE FOR YOUTH CAUSES
TWO WOMEN TO QUARREL
OAKLAND, July 24.— William R.
Hume, general manager of the
Tongue Point Lumber Company and
Justice of John Day Township, Clat
fcop County. Oregon, was a visitor in
Oakland tQ-day. Acting Police Judge
James G. Quinn has invited the Ore
pon Justice to sit with him to-morrow
rnorning in the Police Court.
JnstJcc Hume Visits Oakland.
SACRAMENTO, July 24. — W. C.
Smith, a well-known Sutter " County
farmer, has been lying unconscious at
the Union Pacific Hospital in this city
for seventy-two hours, as the result of
a peculiar accident. Smith, accom
panied by his son, an employe of the
Southern Pa.clnc Company, and his
daughter-in-law, went to the depot
Thursday night to see his grandson
off on the overland train. Smith was
on the platform when a switch engine
began to move the train to another
track. He thought the train was
moving out of the depot and jumped,
striking on his head. He has been
unconscious ever since and • his
chances for recovery are regarded as
slight
Sutter County Fnrmer Mistakes
Switching Movement and Serious
Accident Results.
JUMPS FROM TRAIN
AND IS BADLY HURT
SAN JOSE, July 24. — A dislocated
shoulder, a fractured hip and a brok
en leg are the combination of injuries
which sent George Minkler, a line
man in the employ of the Sunset Tele
phone Company, to St. Luke's Hospital
in this city. The man was straighten
ing out a tangle in some wires near
Almaden. and was working at a
height of twenty-five feet. The rot
ten bark of the tree failell to hold his
"spurs" and Minkler fell. He struck
on his left side, breaking most of the
bones on that side of the body. Peo
ple residing in the neighborhood wit
nessed the accident. Minkler did not
lose ¦ consciousness. At the hospital
he is suspended in a sling and will be
unable to walk for several months.
Minkler's father is an orchardist near
Mountain View.
Telephone Employe of San Jose Drops
Twenty-live Feet and Many Bones
Arc Broken.
LINEMAN IS SEVERELY
INJURED BY A FALL
ALAMEDA, July 24. — Nettie
Hodges, aged thirteen, was struck by
an arm of a morry-go-round this af
u-rnoon at the Sunny Cove baths and
rendered unconscious. Her left side
yraM bruised and she sustained Inter
nal injuries. They are not regarded
r.f serious. She Was sent to the home
of Valentine Daldaramos at the cor
ner of Oak and Bank streets, and
treated by Dr. A. A. .Stafford.
Injured by Mcrry-Go-Round.
OAKLAND, July 24. — Members of
the Fruitvale Board of Trade will pe
tition the Board of Supervisors to
morrow to open and widen Davis
street, from Peralta street to the Red
wood road, and to have a culvert put
in at. Adams Creek.
Want Street Opened.
The place will be. a veritable Elkdom
and will resound with merriment dur
ing the summer months. High Jinks
will be given similar to those of the
Bohemian Club, and the members are
looking forward to many delightful
times in the redwoods.
It is proposed to make the place a
summer resort particularly for mem
bers of the Elks' order. This afternoon
the two committees were brought to
this city on a special train arranged
for by General Passenger Agent R. X.
Ryan. They were taken j to the Elks'
clubrooms in this city, where a delight
ful surprise awaited the Oakland vis
itors in the way of entertainment and
refreshments.
The home in the redwoods will be
probably the largest paddock of which
the order can boast in the world. It is
Intended to survey : streets through the
property and lay off building lots 50 by
150 feet. These lots will surround the
immense clubhouse, which will be
erected by the two lodges, and each
purchaser of a lot will erect his own
home.
SANTA ROSA, July 24.— A committee
from Oakland Lodge. Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks, and a com
mittee of the Santa Rosa lodge of the
order spent the day in the redwoods in
the vicinity of Guerneville to-day in
specting the proposed site of the Elks'
paddock to be secured there. The order
has an option on more than 500 acres
of redwood land at Korbels, and in
spected other sites. In addition to the
erection of a large clubhouse for mem
bers it is proposed to sell lots to mem
bers of the order who will erect sum
mer homes there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The mountain lion that has been such
a terror to the inhabitants of the
Berkeley hills the last two weeks is on
deck a v gain. His sleek, elusive form
was seen yesterday several miles from
his first haunts around Schmidtville.
He appeared in an abandoned quarry
on the old Fish' Ranch road, where a\
gang of telephone linemen, was work
ing. The linemen got only a . glimpse
of the beast as he slunk off into the
brush when frightened by them, but
that glimpse was enough to convince
them that he is a full grown animal.
To some of the men, inQeed, he looked
as big as an elephant and altogether
he corresponds in description to the
animal seen by the farmers of
Schmidtville. ¦
The lion first made himself known In
this neighborhood by,' killing off a lot
of sheep and calves In Schmidtville.
A party 'of hunters went after him,"
but they were unsuccessful in running
him down. \ In attempting to shoot him
last Sunday morning Frank Bercher
was attacked by the beast and severe
ly wounded. :.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 24.
OMAHA. July 24. — Dr. Segi Nan
sakasl, a wealthy physician of Yoko
hama, is now journeying over the Un
ion Pacific to San Francisco, where he
hopes to overtake his wife, whom he
claims is dear to him, but who left
her palatial home to see the World's
Fair while her husband was away
attending wounded soldiers. .
A former suitor, Liao Yensi, know
ing of her longing to see the exposi
tion, advised her to disregard her hus
band's, wishes and join a company of
geisha girls under her maiden name
of Teesa Takaya. The doctor pursued
her to St. Louis and there learned
that she had already started home
again. He failed to overtake her
there and is still pursuing,
Leaves Yokohama for St. Louis WlUi
Former Suitor nntl is Return
ing, Hubby in Pursuit.
WIFE OF JAPANESE SURGEON
LEADS HUSBAND LONG CHASE
Committee From Santa Rosa
and Oakland Lodges Visit
Place Near ; Guerneville
Gang of Telephone Linemen
Frighten Fierce Beast
Out of an Old Quarry
BERKELEY. July 24.— The North
Berkeley Improvement Club has re
ceived the suggestion that the Key
Route be asked to extend its system
into North Berkeley by running
through a strip of land between Shat
tuckWv&n<ue and Walnut street, from
University avenue to Vine street, the
land to be acquired from the rear end
of the lots of the residents. In this
way the use of Walnut street for rail
way purposes could be avoided and all
opposition stopped.
Sucsrest a Way for Key Route.
A. R. Denke of the West Esd reports
that within the last twelve months he
has constructed seventeen homes in
that section of the city. Because of Its
nearness to San Francisco and conse
quent saving of time to commuters in
crossing the bay, the West End is
growing in favor with people seeking
home sites here.
Frank N. Dodd of the Aiameda Land
Company asserts that his firm is pre
paring to do much building. Mr. Dodd
attributes the building boom to the
lack of modern cottages and larger
houses, which rent well and which have
been difficult to obtain for two years.
Another matter that Mr. Dcdd believes
is responsible for the demand for homes
in Aiameda is the advertising the city
has been given throughout California
and in the Eastern States. He was one
oJ the first to advocate the advertising
of Aiameda in the larger magazines
and attributes much of the profit that
local property owners and dealers are
now reaping to that source.
Captain J. S. Hanley says that he
has all that he wants to attend to in
the real estate business and that not
for many months has he been so busy.
He negotiated during the last few days
the sale of three lots in the neighbor
hood of Morton street station, on which
magnificent homes are to be erected.
Charles Adams & Co. of Bay sta
tion report the sale of three lots
last week on which homes costing from
$2500 to $3000 are to be built.
E. D. Judd & Co. and Elmer E.
Johnson report the Inquiry for build-
Ins sites and modern cottages to rent
as strong and steadily Increasing. They
look for a quickening in the local mar
ket after the close of the summer va
cation.
be six and seven room cottages of the
Colonial and Spanish patterns. This
firm has just completed a six-room
cottage on Encinal avenue, between
Walnut and Willow streets, and
another on Fifth street between Halght
and Railroad avenues. During the last
week Dufour & Co. also disposed of a
cottage on High street, near Encinal
avenue. ¦'..:^_-
ELKS SEEKING
PADDOCK SITE
MOUNTAIN LION
BOBS OP AGAIN
ALAMEDA, July 24. — While Frank
Cozzins was working about the engine
of the gasoline launch Humboldt near
the Bay Farm Island bridge this after
noon his left foot was caught in a
series of cogwheels and crushed so
that it was found necessary to ampu
tate the greater Dart of the member.
Cozizns was towing a barge with his
launch when the accident happened.
His screams attracted the attention of
Ralph Hamlin, who went to the in
jured man's assistance and arranged
for his removal to ' the Emergency
Hospital, where Drs. L. W. Stidham,
A. A. Stafford and W. A. Brooke per
formed the amputation.- Cozzins was
later taken to his home at 172 Second
street, Oakland. >'.%¦
Frank Cozzins Meets With Aeeidcnt
While Towing Barjre Near Bay
Farm Island.
MACHINERY OF LAUNCH'
CRUSHES ENGINEER'S FOOT
! The delegates to the county con
vention will be chosen on August 3.
By resolution the candidacy of J. It.
Knowland for Congressman was in
dorsed and the appointment of Victor
H. Metc.ilf to a Cabinet Secretaryship
commended. ¦¦< . ¦..
BERKELEY, July 24. — The execu
tive commjtee of the Berkeley Repub
lican Club met last night and appoint
ed the following ai? delegates to the
Suite and Congressional conventions
of the party: State delegates— W. J.
Mortimer, J. B. Landfield, A. L. Ott,
W. E. Knowles, James Kenny, Philo
Mills, Harry J. Johnson, A. T. Green,
Charles Hadlen. Congressional dele
gates — F. W. Richardson, Christopher
Mikkelsen, Louis Titus?, A. E. Shaw,
Robert Greig, Philip M. Carey, Frank
Fowden. L. T. Haws, Thomas Dowd
and Walter P. Woolsey.
Club Indorses J. It. K mm land
for Congress.
Executive Committee of the Berkeley
REPUBLICAN LEADERS
APPOINT DELEGATES
general missionary of the Oregon Bap
tist < . . nvention and of the American
Baptist Home Missionary Society..
The new seminary has been made
possible by a large bequest from the
late Mrs. M. M. Gray, who left the
property to be used for theological edu
cation.
Dr. Hill will be in conference with
the board of directors regarding the
opening of the seminary. Plans are in
hand for the Inauguration of courses of
study. The directors have been quietly
surveying the field at Berkeley for a
location, but at this time, for business
reasons, they are not ready to an
nounce the site chosen. In presenting
his resignation to-day Dr. Hill request
ed that it be referred at once to the
advisory board of the church and that
a report be returned as soon as pos
sible. He said the resignation was
final.
OAKLAND, July 24.— The Rev. C.
M. Hill, pastor of. the Tenth Avenue
Baptist Church, resigned his charge
to-day to accept the presidency of the
new Pacific Coast Baptist Theological
Seminary, which will be established at
Berkeley by the Pacific Coast Theologi
cal Union. Dr. Hill's resignation will
be effective on October 1, but the pas
tor does not expect to continue his
church work after September L
Dr. Hill has been pastor of the Tenth
Avenue Church for nearly eleven years.
He ranks as one of the leaders in the
Baptist denomination on the Pacific
Coast.. He is a native of California,
but was graduated in 1884 from the
University of Oakland. Dr. Hill also
holds a degree from the Rochester
Theological Seminary. His pastorate
of six years at Eugene, Or., was fol
lowed by three years' of service as
J^hn Galen Howard, the Fupervising archi
tect, is cjrawlng plans for a firehous"? that will
1"-* erected at the rear of thp civil engineering
building. It will be a two-ftory structure,
having arrangement* for fire apparatus on
the ground floor and sleeping apartments for
the students forming the university" r fire fight
ing brigade on the upper floor. The outside
will b» shlnried and the fnside finished with
natural woods.
Th<» newly created department of geogra
phy, to which Ruliff ?. Holway was appointed
at th«> last meeting of the repents. Is to be
t.«ed largely as en adjunct to the department
of commerce tfurinc '.he regular w*sion. Mr.
Hoi way hclfls the «* r?p of Master cf Science
from the University of California and the
dpprpe of Barhelor of Arts from Stanford. He
has had large experience in the schools of the
State.
BERKELEY. July 24.— Cary Richard Col
burn, reader In education, ha^pecepted a po
eition with the Japanese Go\?rnment as in
etructor In the Government High School at
Nagasaki. Colburn received the degree of A.
B. at Harvard in 1835 and the degree of LL.D.
in 1M>». •
The escapades of Lieutenants W. W.
White and Charles F. Smith at Angel
Island do not seem to have been con
fined to that post, at any rate so far
as .. White Is concerned, if rumor be
true. Soon after the escapades at Fort
McDowell in June, ¦ White was sent
over to the discharge camp on the
eastern side of the island, where Smith
had previously been stationed. Both
were restricted by orders from leaving
that camp, pending the investigations
that were being made, by General Mac-
Arthur. White apparently, according
to rumor, cared very little about these
orders and much less about retaining
his commission, for it is reported that
one dark night he left his quarters,
and under the shadows of the trees,
stole along a narrow path until he
gained a small inlet on the beach. Here
a trusty friend from town was await
ing him with a rowboat.and brought
him over to this cUy. Here the high
places are said to have been touched
to the limit. It is reported that the
.fun was fast and furious, but was
mainly confined to shady nooks and
quiet corners, owing to the young
lieutenant's being away from his post
without leave. Search for him was
made in vain, and It was nearly a
week before he finally returned to his
quarters. What the result of these
gay and Joyous f rollcisms will be re
mnins for Colonel Markley and Gen
eral MacArthur to decide.
Lieutenant White Rows Away From
v^ [Angel Island While lie Is Under
Guard.
OAKLAND CLERGYMAN* WHO HAS RESIGNED THE PASTORATE OF THE
TENTH-AVENUE BAPTIST CHURCH TO ACCEPT PRESIDENCY OF THEO
LOGICAL SEMINARY WHICH IS TO BE ESTABLISHED AT BERKELEY.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
LEAVES POST WHILE UNDER
O1IDERS TO REMAIN' THERE
The police department detailed Pa
trolman Hurray to make an investi
gation. He reported that the mother
of the children was sober when he ar
rived there, although others who visit
ed the premises earlier report that no
one seemed to be p'ving any attention
to the sick children.
One baby lies dead and another is
dying in the home of Thomas Rohan,
a carpet layer sX 239 Louisa street.
While the tiny corpse rested on a bier
ia one erf the rooms and kindly neigh
bors and physicians spent the day try
ing to save the other's life, the father
languished in a cell at the city prison,
eo deep in his cups that the officers
were unable to arouse him until this
evenicg, when they informed him of
the fa.te of his youngest child.
From what the physicians say pto
maine poisoning is ihe cause ut the
gloom in the Rohan home. None of
the family seem to be able to give a
clear account of how the youngsters
were taken ill. but neighbors believe
they ate canned salmon. The doctors
*ay that such an article of diet, if in
fected, could have produced the symp
toms they dettcted in both cases. A
boy 3 years of age passed away early
this morning. He had been ill but a
thort time. The present patient, a boy
5, is in a precarious condition and his
recovery is doubtfuL
The first intimaticm the police had
of the case was when the father was
arrested at Thirty-sixth street and San
Pablo avenue and brought to the sta
tion very drunk. A short time later
Dr. Paterson, who had been called to
attend the younger boy on Saturday,
called up Deputy Coroner Quellen on
the telephone and informed him that
ar Investigation should oe made. The
physician said that another child was
near to death and that an air of ab
solute indifference as to the fate of the
sick child prevailed about the place.
He said the same was true the night
before, and asked that some official in
quiry be made. Paterscn had request
ed the father of his patient to ring
him up early in the morning and let
him know how the boy was getting
along. Instead of reporting, the father
cot drunk. The physician called on
his own account about 10 o'clock, only
to find that his patient had expired a
Fhort time before, and that another
boy lay dangerously ill. , : Before Dr.
Paterson arrived, however, Drs. Dunn
and Lesault had been sent for and ad
ministered treatment to the latter pa
tient.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, July 24.
ALAMEDA, July 24.—There is more
building being done here now than for
any corresponding season in the last
decade. The firms busy in this line are
the Aiameda Land Company, Delanoy
& Randlett. and A. R. Denke. Next
week Hammond & Hammond plan to
commence work on seven houses on
their tract between Seventh and
Eighth streets and Halght and Rail
road avenues. The buildings will be
of the composite Queen Anne style of
architecture.
"William Dufour & Co. are work
ing on the plans for eight resi
dences. Some of these are to be two
story dwellings and the others are to
Homeseekers are beginning to realize that
Fruitvale is an Ideal residence district, and I
believe that more property will be sold and
more homes erected during the next twelve
months than ever before. The present outlook
for the fall market Is excellent and we expect
to have all the business we can handle duricz
the next three months.
Elrod & Hull of Fruitvale report
more sales during the present summer
than ever before for the summer sea-
Bon. Mr. Hull said to-day:
Lot 25x100 feet on Ninth street in Emery
ville from George W. Austin to A. Meronl
through the office of T. C. Landregan, in
Golden Gate.
Hcuss and lot. 376 Walsworth avenue, de
mand for John Anderson to H. S. Mi-Keen.
Valentine Hush of the Syndicate In
vestment Company of Fruitvale reports
an excellent market for the vacation
season. The company has made a laree
number of sales to newcomers, among
which are the following:
Daniel S. Qulmby, five-room bouse on Put
nam street.
A. M. Hubbard, elx-room house on Putnam
Drs! Buchholr & Buchholz. eleven-room
house, formerly owned by O. H. Hull, where
they will establish a sanitarium.
D x. Place, seven-room house on Putnam
street and Merrill avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. Melissa E. Cary. lot on Put
nam and Brandon streets, where they Intend,
to erect a two-story building.
House and lot— 1921 Myrtle St., near Twen
ty-eighth, for Mrs. Alice Heem to J. Louis
Martin. The purchaser is remodeling the
building and converting It Into flats.
Six lots in San Pablo-avenue •Villa Tract.
Golden Gate, for George W. Austin to P. F.
Bradhoff of the real estate tirm of Hedemark-
Jack Company of Lorln. on which the pur
chaser Intends to build several cottages.
Five lots in San Pablo-avenue Villa Tract
for George W. Austin to F. H. Downing, on
which the purchaser is building two five-room
cottages for the market and is contemplating
the construction of two more.
George W. Austin reports a demand
for property, particularly residences
about North Oakland and Piedmont,
that is more than ordinary for the sum
mer months. The number of buyers
and amount of sales during the last
two months were so encouraging that
the agents feared that it might not con
tinue, but the week's business proves
their apprehensions are unwarranted.
Among the sales effected by this firm
are the following:
House anJ lot— Thirty-fourth street, near
Market, to John Anderson, $2750.
House and lot on Market street, near Four
teenth, for P. F. Bradhoff to Frank H. Gra
ham for $2.".i.Hi.
Lot on the old county road near Redwood
road. Fruitvale. for William C. Henshaw to
Hhody Kelly. On each he is building a store.
House and lot on Twelfth street, near Klrk
ham. from David B. Wiley to William Mee
han for ¥2100.
Lot on Linda and Glenn avenues. Glen Echo
Tract, demand from J. F. Myera to H. M. Oll
phant. on which the purchaser is building a
home.
For J. A. Johnson and J. M. McElroy to
Miss Touchard, ten-room hous« and lot. 60x165,
on west s'de of Linden street, between Eighth
and Tenth. $0100.
For K. 1). Winters to Thomas Hughe3. lot
SOxl.'tO at Athol and Fourth avenues, Peralta
Heights, upon which a new house is to be
Immediately constructed.
For i): B. Parker to Mrs. A. Clncincirulla,
two-stcry residence, S rooms, and lot. 32x15.
on scuth side of Twelfth street, fifty-two feet
west of Alice. $5C0O.
For M. Fazundes to L. Anderson, ten acres
and improvements near town of Haywards.
$1*00.
For Judson M. Davla. a tract of lots ap
proximating about 1500 feet frontage in Har
mon tract in northern part of the city, near
Berkeley line. $10,000.
For H. M. McElroy to Charles B. Tenney.
seven-room house and lot, UOxlSO. east fide
Thirteenth avenue. 50 feet north of East
Twenty-eighth street.
For M. A. Howeil to Mary Haley, twelve
room residpr.ee and lot, 78x150, on west sido
of Alice street, south of Durant street. $S500.
¦ For M. A. Lamb to A. SUviera six-room
house and lot ".0x75 on west side of Campbell
street, thirty feet south of Fifth. $1150.
For M. A. MllUr. cottage and lot 50x132 on
east side of Union street, south of Thirty-
Second.
For Georse S. Haley to H. S. Carrase, ten
room res'dtnee and lot, 35x100. on south-fast
corner of Twenty-second and Franklin streets,
$0CUO.
For John B. Treadwell 'to Charles M. Sloan,
six room house and ret, tfOxlWJ. on east side
of Center street, n?ar Tenth, $2500.
For II. C. Hallahan to Joseph Foster, nine
room house and lot, 25x75. west afdff of Frank
lin street, pouth of Seventh, t-.',2U>.
For H. J. Anderson to F. S. Foster, lot 3Ox
100, on east side of W#st street, fifty feet
south of Thirty-seventh, upon which a two
story dwelling Is being constructed. •*.'• "
For C. Maher, ». tract of acreage in the
Clnremont district, price $20,000.
For M. Levinsky to B. Couvant, lot 123x100
at southwest corner of San Pablo avenue and
Fol&er street.
For Charles E. Boman Estate to H. Kroman.
three-story building, stores and flat and two
story residence and lot 150x133. northwest
corner Adeline and Thirty- fourth streets.
$10,000. Mr. Kroman is preparing to build
additional store rooms.
William J. Laymance of the Lay
mance Real Estate Company said to
day:
• This has been the busiest vacation season
that I have ever experienced. Our renting de
partment has been active twenty properties
having been rented this week. Two-thlrda of
the applicants for houses are strangers here.
We have received more Inquiries from non
resident business men for Investment Income
property, but there are few desirable holdings
on the market. Owners of good properties
are not anxious to sell. Among the recent
tales made by our office are the following.
The rapid growth and general pros
perity of Oakland during the last year
has attracted the attention of people
from all parts of the East and real
estate dealers are receiving Inquiries
every day regarding the prices of prop
erty in this city. These inquiries come
not only from home seekers, but also
from real estate speculators and from
men seeking business investments. A
well-known local broker said this
morning that the majority of sales
made by him during the week were
to non-residents of Oakland.
The chief difficulty experienced by
real estate men is to secure a sufficient
number of cottages and small homes to
accommodate prospective renters. As
the vacation season draws to a close
this difficulty will increase. This con
dition is a considerable surprise to local
brokers, for during the year many
houses of this class have been built to
rent, and in addition many apartment
houses and flats have been erected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 24.
The summer school of theology to be
conducted by the Pacific Theological
Seminary will begin to-morrow after
noon in the First Congregational
Church, where the entire course of lec
tures \ttll be given. This is the first
summer session in theology the sem
inary has attempted and its success
and repetition will depend largely upon
the number of students enrolling for
instruction in religious subjects. The
lecturers engaged for the session are
among the leaders in religious thought
and biblical research in America, and
an Instructive and inspiring session is
expected. The flve men who will lec
ture are Professor John Edgar Mc-
Fadyen of Knox College, Toronto;
Dean Frank Knight Sanders of Yale
Divinity School, Professor Elmer E.
Brown of the University of California,
the Rev. Robert R. Meredith of Pasa
dena and Dr. Charles R. Brown of the
First Congregational Church of Oak
land.
The session will open at 2 p. m. to
morrow, when the exercises will be led
by the Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean, pres
ident of the Pacific Theological Semin
ary. This will be followed by the first
lecture, which will be delivered by
Dean Sanders at 3 o'clock. • *
By a reciprocal arrangement between
the summer school of the University
of California and the summer school of
theology the students of either will be
admitted, without additional fees, dur
ing the two weeks to all the advantages
of the other school. A further arrange
ment has been made for three lectures
to which the public will be invited. The
lecturers will speak upon the following
subjects: "Problems of Faith and Life
as View*ed by Biblical Writers." Pro
fessor McFadyen; "Improved Method3
in the Bible School," Dean Sanders;
"Current Theories of Education as Re
lated to the Problems of a Teacher of
Religion," Professor Brown; "The Bi
ble, the Church and the Preacher." Dr.
Meredith; "Studies In the Old Testa
ment." Dr. Brown.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center street, July 24.
W. A. Klinpr. secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association, delivered
a discourse to-day at the Plymouth
Avenue Congregational Church.
The Rev. Charles R. Eastman
preached to-day at the Twenty-third
Avenue Baptist Church.
The pulpit of the Fourth Cotigre
sational Church was occupied tn-day
by the Rev. Burton H. Jones of Rock
lin.
. The Rev. Charles A. Dickinson of
Boston. Mass.. preached to-day at the
First Congregational Church.
Services at the First Presbyterian
Church were led to-day by the Rev.
W. N. Holloway, D. D. t of Dover, Del.
Professor C. S. Nash of tht? Pacific
Theological Seminary preached to-day
at Union Street Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. Nelson Saunders preached
to-day at St. John's Episcopal Church.
The Rev. George Griffith and the
Rev. R. TV. Andrews conducted wor
ship to-day at Trinity Episcopal
Church.
The Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the
First Methodist Church, occupied his
pulpit to-day, having returned from
his vacation.
At the Eighth Avenue Methodist
Church to-day services were conducted
by the Rev. H. L. Bates of Portland,
Or.
The Rev. Thomas S. Young of the
First Baptist Church of San Jose will
lecture Wednesday evening at the
First Baptist Church on his trip
through Europe and the Holy Land.
The Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, pastor of
the First Baptist Church, will leave
to-morrow for a six weeks' Eastern
trip. During his absence the pulpit
will be supplied by the Rev. Arthur
W. Rider, district secretary of the
American Baptist Missionary Union.
Henry W. Davis, religious work di
rector for the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian Association; Professor
C. S. Nash of the Pacific Theological
Seminary, and the Rev. K. R. Bennett,
superintendent of missions for Cali
fornia.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 24.
Edmund and Anna Taylor to Jessie B.
Dunbar (wife of Joshua} lot on N line of Fifth
•treet. 112:6 W of Alice, W25byN 10O por
tion of lots 24 and 25, block 68. Kellenber
gei"s map. Oakland: |1O.
Frank J. Kauitz to Josephine Kants (-wife).
lot on W line of Haven street. 475 N of B.
N 25 by W 125, being subdivision D In lot C.
block 801. map 2 of Watt* Tract, Oakland;
gift.
Elsie A. McOrath (wife of J. E.) to John
Ghlgltottl lot on N line of Cornwall or Fifty
first •treet. 7S.SO NV of Telegraph avenue. W
60 by N 10O. lot 15. McElrath Tract, portion
of plats 48 and SO, V. ana D. Peralta. Itancho.
Oakland: $10.
Charles and Matt!* F. Hammer to Oakland
New Century Club. lot on NW corner Atlantic
and Peralta streets. W 3fi:ll, N 60:7, E to
W line of Peralta street. 6\V to beglnoioa;. lot*
15 and l<;. block 499. Gibbons property at Oak
land Point. Oakland; $10.
Wellington Gregg Jr. and Leo&ia GrcffX
(wife) to V. Santi, lot on SW corner Seventh
and Chestnut streets. W SO by 8 00. Oakland:
$10.
Gertrude Bernhard (Hatxser) to Edward J-
Bernhard. lot on SE comer Campbell and
Eighteenth streets. E 110. 3 31:3. W 102, N
31:3 lc; 16. block 740. map of redlvision of
block Tfi). Oakland: gift.
H. P. Bancroft to A. D. LJtUe. lot 11. block
K. map Santa Fe Tract 2. deed and agreement.
Oakland; $10.
Same to Henry J. Miller, lot 13. block J.
lot 1. block H and lot 3. block D. map Santa
Fe Tract 2. deed and agreement, Oakland; $10.
C. M and Louise I* Cook to J. A. McCail
and C. R. Shaw, lot on N line of Twenty- third
street. 1S3:3 E of Market. E 33 by N 1<X>.
portion lot 29. block 1. property of Central
Land Company. Oakland; $10.
Carrie B. and Charles Ulrica to CSaranc* H.
and Gertrude E. Perry, lot on NE corner Co
lusa and Racine streets. E 12S.&*. N' 100; W
25, S 50. W 105.50. S 50 to beginning, lota 1"»
to 20. block E, resubdlvlslon of blocks A to
F, as per map 3 of Roberts A Wo!f*klll
Tract. Oakland: $10.
'Koesuth Gore to Thomaa aad WlHlam H.
Obrten. lot on E line of McCail street. 11*:« N
of Mariposa or Fifty-ninth. Jf 20O by E 107.
lots 27 to 31. corrected map of resubdlTiston
of block A, Brumatfn Tract. Oakland; $10.
Clara T. Clark (wife of I* Curran) to Au
gusta M. Thayer (single), lots 6 and 7. block 1.
lots-!', 10 and 11 and X 40 feet of lot 3 block
3. lot IS. S half of lot 15, block 2. GraTes A
Taylor Tract, Berkeley; also lots 17 to 19.
block 80. lot 8. block 77. and lot 27, block 66.
tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Augusta M. Taylor to Clara T. Clark (wife
of L. Curran), lots 2, 3. 0 and 12. block 2. lots
14 and 15. block 3, Graves & Taylor Tract.
Berkeley; also lots en E line of Broadway.
409.78 S from S line of West Mesa avenue. 3
50 by E 120. Oakland, quitclaim deed; $10.
Herbert N. Turrell (single) to Horace Scott
Seaton. lot on S line of Delaware street. SO E
of California. E 5A by S 133. lot W in Ranpo
12. Hardy Tract. Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $25.
Same to Etta Mae and Raleigh P. Howe,
lot on SE corner of Delaware and California
streets. E 50 by S 133. lot V in Range 12.
same. Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $25.
Henry W. and Margaret M. Taylor to Robert
F. Schaezlein (single) lot 23. subdivision map
of lota 1 to 4, Peralta Park. Berkeley; $10.
Andrew Knudsen to Charles O. and Minnie
A. Smith, lot on S line of Ward street. 210 E
of Fulton. S 134 :« by E DO. lot 9 and portion
lots S and 10. block C. map southern portion
Blake estate, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Frank H. and Marv V. Hardwick to Arthur
M. Lucas, lot on E fine of Third street. 101 :.1
S of Parker, S 25 by E 125. lot 32. map sub
divisions of lands of T. and E. Hardwick in
plat .'•:< of V. and D. Peralta Ranches. Berke
ley: $10.
Harry J. Knowles et al.-to H. J. and Susie
R. Anderson, lot on X line of Eighth street.
150 E of West. E 3 by N 100. block 05. Kel
ler»berger"3 map, Oakland: $10.
Alex Murdock A Co. to Florence Maud Blore.
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street. 50 E
of Linden. E 50 by 9 107.50. portion lets 0 and
10. block H. map survey Northern Extension.
Oakland; $lrt.
Henry J- Miller (single) to Arthur H. Breed,
lot ICO and W 15 feet of. lot 10O»4, amended
map. subdivision Mo?swood Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Isabella and E. O. George to O. Vanden
reereboom, lot 89. map property Capitol Home
stead Association. Brooklyn. East Oakland: $10.
George A. Embury to George S. Embury,
lot on W line of Athertcn street. 173 N of
Bancroft way. N 50 by W 13&21. being N 25
feet of lot 44 and S 25 feet of lot 43. map
portion block 7, addition to Villa Lota Joining
University site on south. Berkeley, warranty
deed; $4000.
Jerome C. and Adaline A. For! to Maria
Madsen (ilngle). lot 8, block P. Berkeley
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Plummer Improvement Company (a corpora
tion) to Nelson Kofoid. lot on W line of Etna
street. 210 S of Kearney. S 45 by W 135. block
4, map property John Kearney. Berkeley: $1O.
Nelson and Libbie J. Kofoid, to Emma K.
Thompson (widow), same; $10.
SATURDAY. JULY 23.
Establish Complete Recip
rocity With the Officers
of University Session
Thomas Rohan, Father of
Children, Becomes Drunk
When Sent for a Doctor
Market Reports Show That
the Movement Is General.
Suburban Sales Increase
Rev. E. R. Dille of the
First Methodist Church
Resumes His Pulpit Work
Aiameda County.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
DR. VOSBURGH DEPARTS
POLICE MAXE INQUIRY
LOOKING FOR SUCCESS
STEADY CALL FOE LOTS
Realty Brokers Find Scar
city of Houses Suitable
for the Kenting Public
Number of Oakland Congre
gations Listen to Ser
mons by Visiting Clerics
Another Baby Lies Near
to Death From Eating
Dish of Canned Salmon
Leaders in Bible Thought
Will Lecture Before Sum
mer School in Theology
MANY DEMANDS
FOR NEW HOMES
CHILD VICTIM
OF PTOMAINES
EMINENT MEN
COME TO TEACH
HEAR PASTORS
FROM ABROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAV, JULY .25, 1901.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Rev. C. M. Hill Will Become President
of Baptist Theological School Founded
at Berkeley by Mrs. Gray's Bequest
POPULAR PASTOR QUITS
CHURCH FOR SEMINARY
MACCABEES ADOPT TILE
NEW SCHEDULE OF RATES
Organization : in Supreme Tents As
sembled Follows Recommenda
tion of Committee on JLmvs.
DETROIT. July 24. — The Supreme
Tents. . Knights of the Maccabees of
the World, yesterday adopted the new
schedule of rates recommended by
the committee on laws .at Wednes
day's session. Officers were elected as
follows: - Supreme comander, D. P.
Markey, Port Huron. Mich.; supreme
record keeper, 1*. E. Slsler, Akron.
Ohio; supreme chaplain. M. J. Sher
wood. Portland, Or.; supreme first
master of guards, E. M. Guthrl*, Los
Angeles.
BOISE, Idaho, July 24. — John Rob
ertson, 12 years of age, committed
suicide at his father's home in he
country near. Boise to-day by taking
carbolic acid. The lad ran away from
home a few days ago and was found
yesterday at Nampa. He was brought
back home to-day. He knew where
there was a bottle of the acid, and, se
curing it. swallowed the contents, dy
ing in half an hour.
4
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083. '
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Aiameda 559.
BEAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYThe Rockefeller interests practically
dominate the entire public service ag
gregations of Greater New York, rep
resented by over 1725,000,000 of capital.
SAN DIEGO, July 24.— The yacht De
troit, a challenger for the LIpton cup
of the Corinthian Yacht Club, was de
fealed to.-day in the race with the Me
teor. The course was seven miles and
the Detroit allowed the Meteor 17%
minutes. The time at the finish was:
Meteor, 1 hour 12- minutes 45 seconds;
Detroit, 1 hour 3 minutes SO seconds. - t
Yacht Detroit Defeated.
A. Groener of St. Petersburg arrived
here yesterday and is registered at the
Palace. He has come to San Francisco
to become the active manager of the
local branch .of the Russo-Chinese
Bank, relieving W. Drosemeier, who
established the San Francisco agency
about eight months ago. The latter
will leave here shortly for St. Peters
burg and from there he will go to
Hongkong on business conected with
his concern. Groener has been identi
fied with the Russo-Chinese Bank at
its home office in St. Petersburg.
TtrtWfjmouncement was made yester
day that E. F.Hutton & Co., bankers
of New York, are soon to establish an
agency in this city. They have selected
as manager of their local business
Richard E. Mulcahy of the well-known
brokerage firm of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co. Mr. Mulcahy has just returned
from a visit to New York, where he
completed arrangements for entering on
his new duties here. The firm of Mitch
ell, Mulcahy & Co. will be dissolved on
August 1, a step which has been mu
tually agreed upon by the two members
of the firm. In order to permit Mulcahy
to devote his attention to the affairs
of the Eastern company.
WILL 3IAXAGE LOCAL
BANKING INSTITUTIONS
The lodges of the State are all pre
paring to have a representation hi the
great parade on September 23. Not less
than 10,000 will be in line, representing
the several branches.
On September 21 and 22 the Patri
archs Militant will have a drill. It is
expected that not less than 2000 cheva
liers will take part. During those two
days there will be competitive drills
for trophies, amounting in value in the
aggregate to 52500.
It Is estimated from information al
ready received that during that week
about 35,000 strangers will be In this
city. The Odd Fellows will spend near
ly $50,000 to make the convention week
& memorable one in the history of Odd
Fellowship in this State, and this city
in particular.
Next in importance to the meeting of
the Knights Templar in triennial con
clave in this city next September will
be the session of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows, which will convene on the 19th
of the same month. The general com
mittee having charge of the arrange
ments fon the reception and entertain
ment of the members of the sovereign
grand body and the many visitors who
will accompany 4t Jias been actively at
work for some time. The hall commit
tee has secured for. one week the Me
chanics' Pavilion. Native Sons' Hall
and Golden Gate Hall for the sessions
of the sovereign body and for enter
tainments.
The committee on decoration has ar
ranged for the electrical Illumination
of Market street from the ferry to
Ninth street and for the illumination of
Union square. The Pavilion and the
two halls named and the front, of the
Odd Fellows' building, at Market and
Seventh streets, will also blaze with
electric lights.
The sessions of the highest body of
the order, which in the United States
has a membership of more than 1,000,000
men. not including the Encampment
and Patriarch Militant branches nor
the Rebekah branch, will be held in
Native Sons' Hall, while at the Pa
vilion and in Golden Gate Hall there
will be entertainments and concerts.
Ten Thousand^ Members of the Order
Will Take Part in Grand Parade
in August.
ODD FELLOWS MAKING READY
FOR SOVEREIGN LODGE WEEK
The efficiency of a Chinese corps
in rough work was emphatically
shows. In wall scaling they are like
lightning. Number one of a squad is
lifted up. Number two passes him his
queue' and the first yanks rne second
op and over by this naturaa rope. In
forming bridges over ravines the pig
tails are also indispensable.
After a hearty open ah* chow and
some brisk skirmish work the yellow
warriors returned to. the almond-eyed
girls they left behind.
To the tunft of "Good-by Da-Lee
Glay," the Chinese Cadet Corps
marched through Chinatown yester
day morning on its way to field exer
cises in the halls near San Rafael.
Through the China lilies that
curtain the latticed windows of
the quarter *»lmond eyes peeped
to admire. But the Celestial
infantrymen marched faces to the
front, giving all their atention to
the arduous "haytfoot, straw foot" in
strict military fashion and ignoring
the enraptured belles.
Captain Wong Kam, the slant-eyed
descendant of a thousand mandarins,
commanded. He was as full of dig
nity as the haversacks were of boiled
rice. Major Falkenberg, formerly of
the Filipino Scouts, accompanied the
expedition to teach these valiant sons
of Ah 1 Mars which end of the gun the
bullet should come out of.
Tlie Pride of Chinatown, They Go to
San Rafael Hills and Drill
IJke Regulars.
PI,(G-TAlIiED WARRIORS
GO THROUGH MANEUVERS.
A ' surprise party was given Miss i
Elsie Fuendeling at ; her residence, 1133 i
O'Farrell : street, on Friday eveningr
July 16, by the ¦ Misses M. Koehler and
E. Bendeweld. , Several cornet and vio
lin solos were , rendered, and singlnpr,
music and dancing | were also enjoyed,
besides , the playing of many games.
Among those present were: Miss Elsie
Fuendeling, Miss Minnie Koehler,
Emme Bendewald, ; Georgie ' Wayland,
Anita Fuendeling, Elsie Bendewald,
Alam Wahrnholz. Dora Fritz, Gertie
Sailing^ Lillie Ubhoff, Dora NIenstadt,
Lulu ; Boepple, • Louise Bendewald,
Elizabeth , Fuendeling, Messrs. William
On Sunday evening last a novel fare
well party was given Miss Becky Levin
by. her many friends at the residence
of Mrs. A. Goodman, 1111 Geary street,
prior to her departure for her home in
New York City. The affair was In the
nature of a railroad excursion sup
posed to have been given from San
Francisco to some 'point on the road.
The guests invited numbered fifty,
most of whom entered the parlor
which was converted into a waiting
room, ' in various typical costumes.
They were kept seated until the clang
of the engine and the whistle were
heard, when the parlors of the house
were automatically thrown open, por
traying the Pullman car and sleepers.
The tables were surrounded by the
many guests, who were playing whist
en ; route. During the evening a quick
lunch was served in the salon, and at
midnight 'the guests repaired to the
banquet hall, where a repast was
spread. Miss Levin is a popular and
accomplished favorite In social circles
In her native city, and while here was
often entertained. ¦ .. .;(/'..:,
An enjoyable surprise party was
given to Miss Erma Weidenthal at her
residence, 796 Elizabeth street, on the
evening of July 20, the occasion being
her fourteenth birthday. The home
was artistically decorated in red and
green. Those present were: Misses
Helen Bray, Mary Trunz, Mabel Mc-
Credy, Lillian Ray, Belle Mullen, Ma
bel Plant, Gertrude SIpple, Lillian
Carlson, Minerva LaBerg, Alice Os
good, Mona Jones, Jessie Lowe, and
George Born, Virgil Sawyer, Milton
Weidenthal, Alva Morgan, Arthur Els
worth, Victor Hahn, Lorenzo Hitzeroth,
Leo Barton and Raymond Burke. .: : ; - :
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Christal gave a
delightful birthday party to . their
daughter Irene in honor of her eight
eenth birthday on Tuesday, July 12, at
their residence, '426 Twenty-seventh
street. The house was attractively
decorated with evergreens and Chinese
lanterns. Music and singing, followed
by supper, made it a charming affair.
Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. T. Christal. Mr. and Mrs. M. La
mensdoff, Mrs. Trade, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Whelan of San Mateo, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Geft, Mrs. Williams of Sacramento,
Mrs. Hannan, Mrs. Carroll; Misses Mar
gie and Mary Winter, ¦ Maybelle Whe
lan, Olivet Trade, Alberta Smiley, May
Cox, Kate Powers, Francis Carroll,
Mary Vietch, Mary and Blanche Ryan,
Mayme Coady, Mary Clark and Irene
Christal: Messrs. Klllameny, Walter
Trade, Edmund and Richard Hannan,
Thomas Christal, Raymond and Ed
ward Whelan, John Sweeney, John and
James Christal and Harry Whelan.
Mrs. Arthur Mack entertained a few
friends at an informal luncheon Thurs
day at her summer home. "Bella Vista,"
in Ben Lomond. The affair was given
in honor of. Mrs. E. C. Stoutenburgh
and Miss Lillian Bronson. The after
noon was spent in playing five hun
dred.
HOME PARTIES.
• M. ti. Harris, Bishop of Nagasaki.
Japan, is at Pacific Grove.
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy and fam
ily are at the Hotel Del Monte.
Miss Ethel E. C. Wright of Ala
meda, youngest daughter of G. Alexan
der Wright, left this week to be the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. A. T. J. Rey
nolds at their beautiful new home at
Walnut Grove. Miss Ethel will return
to Alameda in time to resume her
studies at the University of California
in August.
Miss Bessie G. K. Wright,' daughter
of G. Alexander Wright, is having a
delightful visit at Pacific Grove with
friends. Miss Wright expects to return
to Alameda next week, after a visit to
Monterey.
Mrs. D. Zelinsky and daughter of
1726 Sutter street have returned from
an extensive trip East.
Dr. and Mrs. W. Scott Franklin have
taken apartments at the Hotel Sequoia.
Mrs. William Donald Keyston, ac
companied by her daughter. Miss An
toinette, and son, Garton, have returned
from an enjoyable visit to the fair at
St. Louis and are now sojourning at
Angwin's, Napa County.
Mrs. S. V. Culp, the ceramic artist,
has returned from a visit to the
World's Fair and cities farther East,
where she has been adding to her
knowledge of art.
Wilse Musser and family and Frank
J. Roussey of W. W. Montague &• Co.
have returned from a month's camping
trip on the Gualala River.
Harry Mitchell, accountant for the
San Francisco Gas Light Company,, is
spending his summer vacation with
his mother, Mrs. Susie T. Evans, at her
home in Hodson, Calaveras County.
Dr. George .W. Burgess and his
mother of Honolulu are visiting Mr.
and Mrs. E. J. Murphy of 1126 Fourth
avenue, Oakland.,
Rabbi M. S. Levy will return to this
city with his family; to-morrow from
Lake Tahoe, where they have been
spending the last month most delight
fully. Rabbi Levy will celebrate his
entry into the fourteenth year of his
pastorate at the Geary-street Temple
on Saturday morning. The occasion
will be marked by special service of
music and the Temple will be hand
somely decorated. The public is cor
dially invited to attend.
Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Nathan have re
turned from Europe and are staying at
Fowler Mallett, son of J. H. Mallett.
is home from Harvard University on
his summer vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Morgan
"have been sojourning in Mill Valley
for six W€>eks and expect to remain a
month or six weeks longer.
J\ C. Cunningham of San Francisco
is staying at El Carmelo.
Max Charles has left for an extend
ed trip to Xew York.
J. H. Mallett and family have re
turned from a month's trip at Bonnie
Nook in Placer County.
Mrs. Frank T. Shea of 1425 Post
street, and her young son Raymond
will return this week from an extended
visit at Rose Marie Farm, Morgan
Hill.
PERSONALS.
The wedding of Miss Katie Sere and
Philip M. Nestor took place at St.
John's Church on July 16, Rev. Father
Butler officiating.
C. D. Howard served as best man and
Miss Hazel Turner as bridesmaid. Lit
tle Jenett Sere was flower girl. After
the wedding a repast was served at
their future home, 440 Paris street.
Among those Dresent were: Mr. and
Mrs. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Beeban, Mr.
and Mrs. Wetzman, Mr. and Mrs.
Welch. Mr. and • Mrs. Label, Mr. and
Mrs. Turner, Mr. and Mrs. Crowley,
Mr. and Mrs. Robertson. Mr. and Mrs.
Marks, Mr. and Mrs. Spencer, Mrs.
Donovan, Mrs. Doyle, Mrs. Madlock,
Mrs. Greeley, Mrs. Long, Mrs. Pearson,
Miss Hattie Knosker, Miss Eva Mason,
Miss Emma Simons, Miss Hazel Tur
ner, Miss Kittie Crowley, Miss Alma
Pearson, Miss Jessie Pearson, Miss
Jenett Sere, Miss Lena Drescher, Miss
Hazel Bobertson, Robert Turner. C. W.
Owens, J. Sullivan, W. Burke, E. Web
ster, J. Campbell, J. Dwyer, Joseph
Sere, E. Gilbert, W. Estelita, Mr. Lent
za, H. Francis, W. Heskith, George
Bell, W. Landgail, George \ Phillips,
Fred Bock. Freddie' Turner, Dr. E. Era
mal and Mr. Lane.
Walter H. Frost and Miss Millie
Redell were married Thursday, July 14.
at the home of the bride's parents, 221
Fell street. The ceremony was attend
ed by many friends and relatives. They
hive taken apartments at the Ainsley.
A pretty wedding took place yes
terday afternoon in St. Boniface's
Church on Golden Gate avenue, when
Charles Aregger and Miss Regina Roh
rer were united in the presence of a
small party of friends and relatives.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Father Maximillian Neumann.
The bride, who is a native of Switzer
land, is a tall and stately brunette,
and .she was very attractive in her
nuptial gown of sheer lace over chrt
fon and silk.- She wore a flowing tulle
veil, and carried lilies of the valley.
Miss Josephine Rohrer, a. sister of
the bride, handsomely gowned, served
as bridesmaid. She carried a shower
bouquet of marguerites. David Areg
ger was best man.
After the -marriage a banquet was
served at a downtown restaurant to a
large number of invited guests. The
couple took a late train for the south
on their honeymoon. The groom has
been In business in this city for sev
eral years. The event was the culmin
ation of a romance that began in
Switzerland when the bride was but
sixteen years of age.
WEDDINGS.
The faithful in every age have invoked the
intercession of the saints, and if their prayers
have not been answered always they have
been answered frequently when It was for
their good.
Honor the eaints by visiting their shrines,
and by their shrines I mean their tombs, or
churches bearing 1 their names and containing
their relics. Some three years ago I visited
the city of Apt. in Southeastern France, where
we are told by the Bollandists. the Jesuit
writers, that the body of St. Ann is pre
served. Accordtns to them, the sacred re
mains were brought frorft Jerusalem to the
Roman city of Apta Julia by Lazarus, Mary
Mardalen. Martha and others. They were
committed to the charge of Bishop Auspicious,
a disciple of St. Peter. During the persecu
tions this sacred deposit was hidden in the
crypt of the church. It was discovered anew
by Charlemagne, as we learn from a letter
from him to Pope Adrian, as well as the reply
which the Pontiff wrote to the Emperor. God
has worked wonders through the relics of the
saints. In the fourth book of Kings we read
of a dead man who was restored to life by
touching the dead body, of a prophet. A wo
man was cured of disease by touching the gar
ment of the Savior. Touch and have faith and
your faith will make you whole. Invoke the
intercession of the saints constantly, for by so
doing you will not only be benefltting your
selves, but you will be obeying the command
of the apostle, "Render honor to whom honor
Is due." •
We can honor the saints by making them
intercession : by visiting their shiines, and by
venerating their relics. We invoke the inter
cession cf the saints because they see hore
and assist us in heaven. In the parable of
the lost sheep our Savior declares that the
angels rejoice over the conversion of the sin
ner, but they could not so rejoice if they did
not witness the operation of grace In his soul,
and his change of heart and conduct. And If
they know what passes in his heart and soul
they can hear our prayers, because we utter
them with our lips and waft them heavenward.
What we *ay of the angels is applicable to
the saints, for the Lord has declared that
"the saints are as the angels of God in heav
en." St. Augustine, held and practiced the
belief that the Faints see and hear us, as is
evident from his apostrophe to St. Paul:
"You now reicn with Christ, together with
him whom ye stoned, St. Stephen. You both
see and hear this, my discourse. I desire you
both to Dray for us." * ¦
ACitrdine to the apostle, we should render
honor to whom honor is due. Among thusu
whom we should honor are the saints and ser
vants of God. They have been honored by
itui! lymself. because he has bestowed upon
them his grace most abundantly and makes
them the instruments of his power in working
wonders. The church honors them, for she
has Inscribed their names upon her calendar.
She places their relics upon her altars and
she celebrates their feasts.
subject of "The Honor of the Saints."
This is the nones, or nine days' devo
tion in honor of St. Ann, the mother of
the Virgin Mary. These special services
will terminate to-morrow evening,
which is the feast of St. Ann. The ser
mon on that occasion will be preached
in St. Francis by Rev. Robert F. Ses
non of Sacred Heart Church. . ,
Father Caraher spoke as follows, tak
ing this passage from Romans, xiii:7,
as his text:
"Render, therefore, to all their dues, tribute
to whom tribute is due. custom to whom cus
tom is due. fear to whum iear. honor to whom
honor." . ' i \ " ..»
Rev. Terence Caraher preached last
cveningcat St. Francis Church on the
Final Service of the Feast
to Be Conducted Impres
sively To-Moitow Evening
Mrs. T. Gunsky announces the en
gagement of her daughter Amelia to
David Ravinsky.
Mrs. Beerman announces the en
gagement of her daughter Irene to
J. Cahen.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris of Los Angeles
have announced the engagement of
their daughter Bessie to Charles Stern
of this city.
ENGAGEMENTS.
"WHERE HONOR IS DUE"
Impressive Sermon on the
Virtue of Jloly Kelics by
Reverend Father Caraher
thf Woman's Christian Temperance Union, it
•>*cvr*<l the appointment of matrons, day and
nifrht. in polite stations and in the Jail. •
A day 6chool for boys ia the jail was estab
lished, conducted and supported for years by
th? cltb, which later secured an appropriation
frcm the county funds to carry on the work.
The club h*s always insisted that: "A jail
Is a. place of detention, having in its manage
ment neither punishment, condemnation for its
sinat-?* nor temptation to the officials in
charge," and the present Jailer, Mr. Whitman,
ewes his *EpoSntmect to the club's Influence
largely wieldir* because of his fitness.
T.fter a manual training school was estab
lished at the City House of Correction, and
again the boys were separated from the older
criiriinals in a. »ej)erate cell. Finally a com
r>l2t<> s';aration was effected by th« erection
©: the John Worthy School, plans for which
mi drawn by an architect of the Woman's
Club eelee'ion.
The coatagiou« ward In the County Hos
pital was the outgrowth of agitation begun b
the club. A conference of citizens was called
«t the ciubrooms and 'a Children's Hospital
fcuciety »as born, which was pledged to •'in
< rpRse the facilities for the care of sick and
crippled children and those suffering from
ccntacious diseases, and tor scientific re
search."
Already h2S thl* resulted In pledges ef more
than $:VX)O for a contagious disease hospital,
in the enlargement cf the contagious and chil
dren's wards in the County Hospital, in the
establishment of a bulletin board In the
rooms of the society, wh're a dally record is
k»pt of all free U>ds. and in a milk commis
sion, which supplied daily 500 children in the
( rr.certed district with pure "Pasteurized milk
during the heated term last summer. (Club
women of San Francisco, take heed to this
movement in the right direction.)
Tht compulsory school law; the enforcement
cf the faBi; the parental school law. resulting
in the establishment of a parental school for
Truants, thas making the law operative; the
,'uvcr.ile court laws, all took their inception to
Um nine body.
In 1K«S the club «"»cur»d the appointment of
a ronis on the Beard of Education, and from
•hat time to the present at least one woman
rr?,s been en that beard and during a part of
it bore its share, and that an important one,
in securing .in examination into the methods
cf management of j>atients in State institu
tions and secured important reforms in ad
ministration. Among these wa* the placing of
trained nurses in the County Insane Asylum
and the control of the same in the hands of the
County LSofc.rd of Commissioners. Unitine with
The Chicago Woman's Club has *ver deemed
iti v.-.irk to be that of initiative, and where
leuse^, wrongs or abu5es have appealed for
aid it has collected facts, called into council
all influences which might bear upon the de
firr-d refcrm. and incited, encouraced and in
every way furthered a united effort toward the
md desired Instead of attempting to compass
U within its own membership. In this wise
ial stall of institutions having the care of
women. tumi;;e attention first to the Cook
County Insane Asylum and including finally
a!l county and city Institutions.
Ir. l»>4 the club throuch its reform depart
ment put forth its efforts toward securing the
appcistmciit of women physicians on the medi-
The first public work undertaken under this
pcnBianea »•»£ that by the education depart
ment of establishing and maintaining a free
kindergarten. Tills was sustained until the
Iv>ard ct Education consented to include kinder
garten* in tht school system.
to the circumference of the world's interests.
In 1SS3 the question was presented, "Shall
our club do cractlcal work?" and created
ir.u-:h <S'.scus:'icn. The result was it was voted
that earn department might enter on such work
&» it.«l«-em*d proper after obtaining the ap-
"Mutual sympathy and counsel and united
effort toward the higher civilization of hu
matiity'"; its motto, "Humani nlhil a me
atierum puto."
The club, while dividing its energies into
frur departments at the beginning — reform,
home, education and philanthropy — practically
confined iti work to that of self-culture.
!-;r.:. t ,:y enough its art and literature de
partment was not add>d until later, nor the
I.hUosophy and science department until 1S.V5.
«t a tune when the club had "begun to take
a deepening interest in the questions of prac
tical rejorm," to quote one of Its earlier h!s
lurte*. So that while the year books would
i»tm to indicate its work began without and
worked inward, in reality it took tbe same
course of all club life — from the center of self
The Chicago Woiraa'a dub. now grown to
full ctaturo aad m the pride of maturity, was
organized by twenty-one women twenty-eight
>c_ra ago the 17th of February. Its declared
clject was:
During the summer months, when i
the clubrooms are in the custody of
janitors and maids, inspection intb the
lives of other clubs — clubs beyond our
physical vision— is attracting the at
tention of progressive clubwomen. For,
however clever our organizations may
be — and many of them are very clever
and broad and cultivating — there's al
ways room for expansion.
Among the clubs that attracted the
greatest amount of attention at the
late biennial (this sounds funereal,
but the meet wasn't— not a bit of it)
v.as the Chicago Woman's Club. This
organization seems to me to be one of
the broadest and cleverest in America.
Therefore I beg to outline briefly its
principles, its activities and a few of
'its results— even if it be a far cry
from home. And in quoting from an
article in "The Club Woman," pre
pared by Mrs. G. W. Plummer, let me
prefaca the quotation by stating that
California really has no apologies to
n.^ke to Illinois, or any other State, for
that matter, for the Quality of our
'..omen's clubs, and the women who
compose them. But an interchange of
ideas is conducive to healthy growth —
hence the Chicago Woman's Club, to
wit:
By the conservatism and sincerity of its
work, the Chicago Woman's Club has gained
the respect and confidence of the citizens of
Chicago. Its aid is sought and its appeals
always meet a prompt response.
It has a membership now of a thousand,
drawn from every walk of life, of varying
creeds, nationalities, even races. It has grown
mentally and spiritually as well as numeri
cally, albeit, not without its "growing pair.s."
It i* a far cry from the day when it debated
whether it were wise to .even discuss suf
frage in executive session 1> the crucial hour
when it travailed In the decision as to whether
its motto was a pretty fancy or a li«ng prin
ciple. It has worked and faltered, has failed
and succeeded, stumbled and girded Itself
anew to fresh endeavor. Nowhere is there
another such organization — thoroughly demo
cratic, wholly unique: women of wealth, cul
ture and high social position banded with
those less fortunate in a worldly sense, hon
oring only ability, high Ideals and noble lives.
¦Women who. without that common ground of
the Woman's Club, would j never know each
other here, weld hearts in a life-long friend
ship. Settlement worker and leader oC society.
Jew' and Gentile, black and white, rich and
poor alike labor together for the good of men
and.' therefore, to the glory of God.
Many of the members of the club are busi
ness women: teachers, physicians, lawyers,
etc. and practically debarred from hearing the
papers, lectures and muslcalea which are given"
to the club on Wednesday afternoons. For
their sake, and that of other women, who. on
account of a business life, have little leisure
during the week the club decided several
years aro to open Its door* on Sunday after
noons and to have repeated there the best of
the club's programme*, with such additions or
changes as might seem best. The result has
been most satisfactory. The rooms have been
taxed to thfir capacity with a most interested
and interesting audience. Many of the club
members declare th«?se meetings to be the best
part of the club work.
Now, fellow-clubwomen, what do you
think of these achievements? If any
of you are wedded to grumpy men
who sneer at "women's clubs," just
tell them a few of these things that
Chicago — even male Chicago — owns up
to. It may, if their minds be not
hermetically sealed, start a new
thought into life.
It wis through the philosophy and science
department that Professor Breasted went to
Egypt for exploration purposes, and the results
Of his labors the department presented to the
Field Museum of Chicago.
In addition to the public work, study classes
are carried on by the various departments for
the benefit *f all members of the club, and
literary and musical as well as practical pro
grammes are given bi-monthly.
The income of the club is derived from a
yearly due of $12 and an Initiation fee of $25.
It expends about $700<) yearly for 'rent, and
after paying the running expenses incident to
such a club, the remainder goes mainly to in
crease and maintain its activities. It puts by
little for the proverbial "rainy day," and as
it is its policy not to glv* fetes or pntertaln
m»r.ts to raise money, it dives deep into indi
vidual pockets and attracts from outside
source? when the call for funds for some new
enterprise is imperative. (Al?_» ncte this,
ladtes.)
The art and literary department not only
has study classes in art, literature and music,
but engages in reform and philanthropic work
alcng Its lines; a«. witness, the establish
ment cf a scholarship of $1500 in the Art In-
Mitute to be competed for by the seniors in
the city high schools; the giving of exhibi
tions of the pictures of local artists, the pur
chase for the clubrooms of several valuable
works of art, the establishment of the small
park system in the city, and finally, the mu
ral decoration of an audience-room in the
McKinley High School, the latter involving
an expenditure of thousands of dollars.
In UK the financial depression in Chicago
necessitated the raising of large sums to re
lieve distress among the unemployed. The
Woman's Club sent out a call to the other and
similar women's organizations of the city and
together they established nine workrooms,
where sewinf? was Riven to women who applied
in order that they might support their fami
lies. Twenty thousand dollars was paid out
In this way, distress avoided and the self-re
spect of the recipient preserved.
From this beginning: grew the Model Lodg
inc-hou!>e, 'which furnishes temporary lodging
at the small price cf 15 cents a night. Falling
even this pittance, the lodger may "work out"
the amount. The plan has been very success
ful and the work is carried on as the "emer
gency work" by a number of women's clubs
working- together.
Many societies have been bcrn in the club
and gone out Into the world to battle valiantly
and successfully: The Protective Agency for
Women and Children, a society which gives
legal aid and moral support to wronged women
and children; the Physiological Institute,
which opened courses of weekly lectures for
Instruction of working women In the princi
ples of hygiene and sanitary / science; the Mu
nicipal Order League, now merged into the
Civic Federation; the Household Economics,
the Society for Correct Dress, the Political
Equality League, whose object is to promote
the ttudy of political science and to foster and
extend political rights and privileges of wo
men; the Public School Art Association, which
places good casts and pictures in public
schools, secures harmonious coloring on walls,
blackboards, etc.; the School Children's Aid
Society, now If teen years old, which dis
penses from $701*0 to $00CO a year in keeping
destitute children clothed in order that they
may attend school.
that period there have been two. Two women
a* assistant superintendents owe their posi
tions also to the same influence largely, and
the election of women as trustees of the State
University at Champaign. 111., is directly due
to work done In the club.
Another of the good works in which the club
took an active Interest was /the Glenwood
School, an Industrial school for boys. It
raised $4i>,U0O lor this purpose and one of the
buildings bears its:, name in commemoration of
this fact.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
Barring weddings and engagements,
with a few pleasant house parties, the
San Francisco social world continues
In its midsummer repose. The best
news is that which tells of fashion
able folk resting by the sea or in the
mountains, where the great army of
notables still turns.
Mr. Herman Drees was given a sur
prise birthday patty at his home at
791 Fifty-eighth street, Oakland, on
July 16. The home was artistically
decorated with palms and flowers.
The guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Drees.
Miss Drees, James Garratt, Mr. and
Mrs. Johnson, Percy Johnson, Wesley
Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Ramsden. Miss
M. Ramsden, Arthur Garratt, Walter
Garratt, Miss Grace Garratt, Miss El
sie Garratt. Anton B. Michelsen, B.W.
Worth. A. J. Lytjon, J. M. Parkerson,
H. A. Woodman, Miss Kathern Young,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hale, Miss Ber
nice Baldwin, Albert Wagner, John F.
Bailey, R. H. Glissman. W. C. Schenck,
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Jerro, G. S. Terblld
sen.
The table was spread beneath the
trees on the lawn, where refreshments
were served. Among those ; present
were: .Mrs. Lyng, Mrs. Miner, Mrs.
Fraser, Mrs. McKenzie, Mrs. Shellby,
Miss. A>, Shellby, Miss Emma Shellby,
Miss H. Sorensen, Miss Freda Moore,
Miss Emma Moore ( Mrs. S. Moore, Mrs.
R. Moore, Mrs.' Coulter, Miss Ward,
Mrs. Blanchard. Mrs. Gilbert, Miss
Jennie Gilbert. Miss Marie Gilbert and
Miss Maude McColl.
Mrs. Robert Christie of 793 Cole
street, San Francisco, who has rented
"Rose Cottage" in Ben Lomond for
the summer, gave a "garden party" on
July 16. Games were played and the
prizes were carried off by Mrs. W. Mc-
Kenzie, Mrs. Lyng, Mrs. S. Moore,
Miss Shellby, Mrs. Blanchard and Miss
J. Gilbert.
A pleasant surprise party was given
by Mi3s Hattie HillingnJf 1315 Sixth
avenue, to Miss R. A. Trapp last Sat
urday evening. The home was prettily
decorated in pink, white and green.
Wolf. Willie Klein, Robert Macko
nickie, Bernard Peterson. Harry Laiden,
George Danenberg, Tom Mackonickie,
Theodore Fuendeling, ' Cecil Cline,
Hawley Thorpe, Arthur Kruse and
Miss Eda Fuendeling.
ST. ANN'S DAT
DULY OBSERVED
Enters Field of Social Reform, Winning Suc
cess and Fame as Well.
Even Cupid Takes a Vacation— Engagements
and Weddings Are Few.
CHICAGO WOMAN'S CLUB GIVES OBJECT LESSON FOR OTHERS;
LOCAL SOCIETY RESTING BY SEASHORE AND MOUNTAIN SIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', MONDAY, JULY- 25, 1904.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st Just one trial at Babs &
Jules'. That's alL \«
5
ADVERTISEMEyTS.; ; L
Sealskin Jackets
$125 to $350
These magnificent garments are
splendid examples of our farriers*
skill. They were fashioned from se-
lected London dyed skins, and show
that* thoroughness of workmanship
and rare skill in imparting grace to
each flowing line and beauty to every
curve that brought us fame as fur-
riers. ________________
BEST, VALUES IN AMERICA.
FUR REMODELING A SPECIALTY
FAIR FOLKS
Don't Blame Nature, but Investigate.
Many claim they are nervous "by
nature" when it is really only because
they are slaves to the coffee or tea
habit, and this is easily proved by cut-
tins out the coffee or tea for 10 days
and using well boiled Postum Food
Coffee instead — then comes the change.
"I seemed endowed by nature with a
nervous constitution," says a lady of
Knoxville, Tenn., "and although I felt
tea and coffee were bad for me the
force of habit was so strong I Just
couldn't give them up.
"Someone suggested that I try cereaK
coffee, but I remembered what insipid
drinks we used under that name dur-
ing the Civil War and so without ever
looking into the subject or realizing
v.hat progress science has made in this
direction I just wouldn't give Postum
a trial until finally the W. C. T. U.
in our city started an exchange where
there Tver° so many calls for Postum
It was served regularly and many were
induced to try it. myself among the
number. How delighted I was to find
it so agreeable, delicious and satisfj'-
ing. As I had suffered from nervous
prostration a change from tea and cof-
fee was imperative, but all these
troubles disappeared after I had used
the Postum faithfully for a few weeks.
"A sister and a son-in-law were con-
verted to Postum at the same time and
now we all enjoy it as well as we ever
did coffee, but instead of making us
nervous like coffee we enjoy steady
nerves, sleei> «ound and are in every
way better &>r the change." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich. \ *
This lady found what she thought
was natural nervousness was only due
to an acquired taste for coffee that is
to some people a sure destroyer of
rerves and heaTth. Like her, anyone
who cuts off coffee altogether and uses
well boiled Postum In Its place will be
greatly benefited after a few days and
the return to health is a Joyful Journey.
There's a reason.
Look in each pkg. for the famous lit-
tle book. "The Road to Wellville."
_^ PRAGERS
I - There Will Be V
1 Something Doing
I Pragers To-Day
I Don't Miss It.
S jll ALWAYS RELIABLE
I M 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^U |
A>lUSE>IEyTS.
bOLUfttflliA LWKBTHMa
BEGINNING
TONIGHT
Seventh Annual Engagement Here.
CHARLES FROHMAN PresenU
HENRY
AND HIS COMPANT
In Madeline Lucette Ryley's
LONDON and NEW YORK Success,
MICE
• —AND—
MEN
(First Time In San Francisco.)
MATHTEE SATTTBPAT OTOT.
!|TIV0U.£5&
i I iCT- OF THE TIVOLI'S
LAOI TRIUMPHANT PRESENTATION
U/CCV OF THE AMERICAN
YlttK COMIC OPERA MASTERPIECE.
: < D/'\ < DfrVI II Usual Tlvtrtl Prtces.il
! KAJPliN » g*. »%' 75c - H
•t || ONLY MAT. SAT. II lJ/^/^¥\
j II Seats Always Selling || £lV/V/JL/
BEOINQINO AUG l<?t
MONDAY EV'G AUU 131
First Performance on the- Pacific Coast of
the renowned London and New
York Success: THE
TORE/\DOR
With a ' And the
j TREMENDOUS CAST BEAUTY CHORUS
l mmm^
j _ — — '
I LUSTROUS VAUDEVILLE!
CHARMION;
Empire Comedy 4; Decker-Buaso-Abram-
i off Grand Operatic Trio; Marcus and
> Gartelle; Jnllan Roie; The Mysterious
I Zanciffs; Mnslcal Kleist; Orphetrm Mo-
; tion Picture, and
ROSE COGHLAN,
Assisted toy LTHH FBATT, in "The Ac*
of Trumps."
Regular Matinees F.very Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 23c
j and 50c.
j^CAUFORNIA.-.
; ! ff ALL THIS WEEK - MATIHEE SATURDAY. \
j B I I . Second week of special I K
fl . _ melodrama, season. El- * - &
-'B MP mer falters Company, Ihp H
, p lUU presenting the furiously IU0 jn
• gj funny comedy-melodrama & 3
1 1 T^T JUST STRUCK TOWH 777 g
' } B SPECIAL— A 3-roun-l -H
. i H bout between JOE PO- ___. W
L j R DESTA and CHARLES «
I H Crt AUGUSTUS. r« gj
Q h P Next — The season's h IP H
! II «»«' great climax. vJUl ' |
U I The Buffalo Mystery. I I 1
J B I COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS, j B
LAST WEEK (Remember This)!
"A LUCKY STONE"
By Collin Davis and Frank Witmark.
The Funniest Burlesque in America.
And the Greatest Cast Ever: Dorothy Mcr-
ton Nora Bayes. Garrity Sisters.- Rice & Cady
(Gorman Comedians). Bobby North (Hebrew
Comedian). Edwin Clark. Ben Dillon.
Beauty Chorus of Forty!
Matlnee9 Saturday and Sunday.
Same Popular Prices.
EXTRA— Next Monday Night. "THE WHIRL
OF THE TOWN."
Gigantic. Spectacular Production!
Peats Now on Sale.
First appearance of FLOSSIE HOPE and
LIONEL LAWRENCE (Specially Engaged).
THE TOBI1TS; "MIKE," POSTER'S DOG,
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening 1 in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINXATTTBE EXECTBXO BAXX.BOAD.
Two Younsr Leopards in the Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
. ¦- \AMATJfUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5c
When Phoning A»k for "The Chotea."
\A/. T. HESS,
XTotary Public and Attorney-at-Iiaw.
Tenth Flcor.' Room 1015, Clans Spreckels bid?.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 1802 McAllister »t.
I Residence Telephone Pare 5&U. i
AMUSEMENTS;
AT _n A T A T"J BeIasco * Ma * er '
ALCAZAR -fTusz.
G»n»ral Manager.
TO-N'IGHT— ALL. WKEK.
MATINEES TIIt'RSDAT AND SATURDAY.
I.vg., 23c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 5<K5
WHITE j And (ha Alcazar Stocfc Co. |
U/HITTLESEY
In the ThrlUing Romance,
RUPERT Ey Anthony Hope.
C^F* Eeque! to th» Prisoner of Zenda.
HENTZAU Great Ca*t.
FIRST ALCAZAR PRODUCTION.
SPECIAL. MATINEE TO-MORROW.
By Students PAUL. GERSON SCUOOL. OP
ACTING. First Time. Surtermann's "FRITZ-
CHEN" and Merle's "THE -PRAIRIE JUDO-
MENT." Also "MARSE VAN." Seats »ell-
injf at box •fflce.
MONDAY. An«r. 1— SPECIAL, PRODUCTION.
THE LADY OF LYONS.
MR WHITTLESEY a3 CLAUDE MELNOTTG
MISS EUGENIE LAWTON as PAULINE.
Market Street. Near Eighth... Thone South 5."J3
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Scott Marble's Great Sensational Mslodrarca.
I GATES OF JUSTICE |
A TREMENDOUS HIT EVERY WHERE.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
Massive Mechanical Effects!
First Appearance Here of the Charming Sou-
brette,
-'\ ~-r ¦ x '- VXB2TS CASTKO.
PDirCC Evenings 10c to 50a
rnltCO Matinees 10c. 13c, C3o
Next— Charley Hoyt's "SERGENAT JAMES."
* This Week Only Ma tins e Saturday t
1| MR. JAMES NEILL |1
L In Harriet Forti's Great Play. f
JlAGENTLEMANl l5 5ofi
hS^OFFRANCTIj
I Shenandoah I £
U 3USCELLAXEOLS.
<nft Perfect Fittin> flp*
<y Eyeglasses -cM
j At Mo-' erete Cos! (^
V 642
Pqto rA DGNT FAIL TO
ra law see the besnjtiful
1 COURT Lounging
/.Till room, the EMPIRE
uiiu parlor, the
r A PALM ROOM, the
liniflu LOUIS XV PAR-
U1U11U LOR. and the LA-
II A~1~ DIE S* WRITING
I Hotels room-
"DR.PSERCES
GOlDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
« FOR THE
, i rfLOOD.LIVER.UJNGS.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OUASAmSTD CJTBJZ 7OS aCBJT.
KAKMX-ESS nrXECTXOZr. Cures ordinary
| cases In a few days. Warranted to euro
t worst cases. SO OTXSX TBSATXEJTX
I REQOXSED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. TOUmarrS CONTAOIOW. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. S. KKAYH yif *•»•»* *CY. 102 Eddy,
0± ¦ B ¦ W* Outfits Guns. Asirnunl-
li ft BIS tioa. Flshiair and Outlnr
I bIHuIx-? Goods. Tfntj ani guns to
SlUlMir K«t. CATALOG FREE.
HI f^ I U 1 I PHREVE Jt BARBER CO..
¦¦¦¦¦¦ 73) Market »t..
*, 621 Kearay »t- 8. T.
Weak Men aod Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
1 strength to sexual organs. Dejot, 323 liarkat.
POSTUM CEREAL.prophesy that the piece will run for COO
nights seems to me to be keeping well
w-Jthin the mark. It will not be as great
a success as "The Belle of New York,"
first because there are not more than
one cr two songs which cap compare
productions are to be made at the
f-haftesbary. A recent visit to the the
ater, however, left no doubt that "The
Prince of Pilscn." like Gillette's "Sher
lock Holmes," has captured the public
Jiele completely in spite of disapprov
ing writers of 'notices." On the night
I attended the Shaftesbury not a seat
nas vacant in the reserved portions cf
the house and the pit also ivas crowd
ed—the surest possible sign of success.
It was an enthusiastic house, too, and to
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL
S HENRIETTA STREET. CO VENT
GARDEN*. LONDON, July 1L— As re
ccrded in these letters, "The Prince of
FiJscn's" reception by London's critics
V£S nor.e too hearty. Frankly it looked
like another American frost a.ia "The
T'hirl cf the Town" and "The Belle of
r.ohcmia." and trans- Atlantic dwellers
here were glum, so much having hec-n
expected of the new produoticr- The
p'ay has been koDt on. however — re
crntly passed its fiftieth nlr,ht. in fact
— but I for one had a sx&nicloa that the
management misht bo "saving its face-"
at all costs over an EnttlsJ failure, inas
much as several further American
l.vndor. Sta^c Gossip
Special Corrr5pcr.dcnce of The Call
Not long ago a very rich man in the
north of England discovered that one
section of his gardens was rendered
useless through exposure to the keen
east wind. This was not to be toler
ated, said the great man, and to keep
the eastern blasts from trespassing he
planted thousands of Scotch and Nor
wegian fir trees to act as a screen, pay
ing as much as £5 for individual trees.
This little whim cost him*nearly £20,
000, but he considered himself amply
rewarded by seeing his wilderness
turned into a paradise of flowers.
In such gardens as these it is quite
usual to employ as many as seventy
or eighty men and boys, so that a
Cabinet Minister's yearly salary may
easily go in wages alone. It is said
that there are^ 900 country houses in
Great Britain each of which employs
a staff of over fifty men; of these, 200
employ between eighty and 150, while
sixty of them employ over 200; and the
large majority of all these male serv
ants are gardeners of one kind or an
other.
In addition to the cost of labor there
are repairs and alterations of houses,
furnaces to be fed, walls built for fruit
growing, nets for protection, tools to
buy and replace, and — often the most
costly ttem of all— seeds and plants to
purchase. Baron Schroder is credited
with having spent '£40,000 on his col
lection of orchids, and Sir Trevor Law
rence with an expenditure of £30,000.
Joseph Chamberlain has thirteen
glass houses containing, roughly, 6000
plants, many of them of great value
and gathered from almost every part
of the earth where orchids are to be
found. The plants are arranged in dif
ferent houses according to the time of
flowering, so that the succession of ex
quisite flowers never fails the whole
year round. Each plant bears its num
ber as well as its name, and it. Is said
that Mr. Chamberlain knows every one'
of his floral pets.— London Tit Bits.
One gets an impressive idea of the
extent of such gardens as these when
we hear that the kitchen garden alone
at Welbeck covers thirty acres, that
the houses in which peaches, apricots
and nectarines are grown stretch for a
quarter of a mile, and that to stock
them cost as much as £10,000. When a
millionaire sets his heart on making
himself a lordly pleasure-garden we
may be sure that he recks little of the
cost.
Further than this, there are, on the
best authority, more than 5000 "seats
of the mighty," or at least of the rich,
the gardens of which cost their owners
anything almost from £500 a year up
ward into the thousands: while there
are as many more which demand be
tween £200 and £500 a year for their
maintenance. Of these 10,000 British
gardens an annual sum estimated at
ovr £2,000 000 is spent for labor alone;
and another round million pounds at
least goes in the purchase of seeds,
plants and manures, and the general
upkeep of the gardens and glass houses.
To this must be added the tens of
thousands of gardens of the well-to-do
classes on which sums ranging from
£10 to perhaps £100 a year are spent,
and the hundreds of thousands of more
modest gardens, each, however, a
source of pride and pleasure to Its
owner, which cost from a few shillings
to a few pounds a year.
It is difficult and. perhaps, invidious
to say which are the most costly gar
dens in Great Britain; but among them
are certainly those of Trentham Hall,
Welbeck Abbey, Lord Bute's gardens
at Cardiff Castle, the world-famous
gardens of Chatsworth, and those of
the* Rothschilds, on which .gold has
been lavished like water.
It has been said that there are a
score of noblemen in the United King
dom who spend more every year on
th^ir gardens than ¦would pay the of
ficial salaries of the entire Cabinet;
cr.d. extravagant as the statement may
appear, it is well within the limits of
truth.
Millions in Gardens.
leading him on for a while. Cannon
asked, in all seriousness:
"Mr. McDonald, you say that you ara
afraid of being deprived of your life by
the defendant?"
"I do, sor," McDonald replied.
"Then you-admit that Mr. Wheelock.
the defendant, can whip you?"
"Not by a long sight. I kin lick a
dozen of him."
"That's all, Mr. McDonald." res
ponded the young attorney.
"That's all. your Honor.** he said,
turning to the court.
The Justice, with great dignity, dis
missed tho case. — New Tork Evening
Post.
No Tea for Mattoon.
Custom-House Broker J. S. Mattoon
scowls whenever he is asked as to
what brand of tea he likes, because
the question recalls a very disagree
able episode in connection with a tea
transaction which caused no end of
good-humored raillery at Broker Mat
toon's expense.
Mattoon likes tea, and prides him
self upon his ability to state, merely
from inspection of the used leaves, the
particular district in China or Ceylon
where the tea was grown, as well as
its variety and value. One day he re
ceived from a grateful client a five
pound box of his favorite brand and
this he placed in keeping of the pro
prietor of la chophouse not far from
the Custom-house. The broker gave
orders that whenever he should call
for tea at his lunch he should be
served out of his personal and ex
clusive box.
Mattoon Is not at all selfish, and de
siring that his friends should also en
joy the aroma of his favorite bever
age, invited three of them to lunch
with him the next day. The brokers
and Mattoon were at the chophouse
punctually at noon and ordered por
ter house steaks at their host's ex
pense. When the waiter, who was a
stranger, appeared with the steaks
Mattoon ordered him to brew four
pots of »tea from, the special box.
The waiter did not seem to under
stand.
"Send for Spirovich, the proprietor,"
demanded the broker.
"Oh," replied the waiter, "Spiro
vich sold out yesterday and went to
Seattle. He didn't leave any box of tea
here."
In Old Jersey.
Regarding mosquito broods and the
number of specimens that develop
within a limited area, few persons rec
ognize the fact that breeding is Inten
sive rather than extensive. It la not
that there is a scattering of wrigglers
over a large area. There Is, on the
! contrary, a concentration of speci
mens within a limited space. The
best illustration of that was seen last
year in one of the New Jersey resorts,
where a small pond, with an area of
1894 square feet, produced in one
brood over ten million, six hundred
thousand specimens. This will seem
almost incredible to those who have
never 83en a really well-populated
mosqui co-pool; but the estimate was
carefully made after hours of work, in
which every part of the pond was
sampled and the larvae in each sam
ple were counted. There were two
similar ponds close by, and the com
bined-output was quite sufficient to
give the place a full supply. If one
million mosquitoes are. distributed
among one thousand porches, each
will get one thousand examples; and
I need not emphasize the fact that
even one hundred healthy specimens
will drive a dozen people indoors when
they — the mosquitoes — are really hun
gry. — Booklover's Magazine.
Mortis Dignifas.
Here lies a common man. his horny
hands, \
Crossed meekly as a maid's upon his
breast.
Show marks of toll, and by his general
dress
You judge him to have been an artisan.
Doubtless, could all his life be written
out.
The story would not thrill nor start a
tear;
He worked, laughed, loved and suffered
in his time ,
And now rests peacefully, with upturned
face
Whose look belies all struggle in the
past.
A homely tale; yet. trust me. I have seen
The greatest of the earth go stately by.
While shouting multitudes beset the
way,
With less of awe. The gap between a
king
And me, a nameless gazer in the crowd.
Seemed not so wide as that which
stretches now
Betwixt us two, this dead one and my
self.
Untitled. dumb and deedless, yet he Is
TransflRxired by a touch from out the
skies
Until he wears, with all-unconscious
grace.
The stnange and sudden dignity of death.
— Itichard E. Burton, in Scrlbner's.
PROFESSOR JACQUES LOEB, the daring in
vestigator into nature's innermost secrets, has sent
forth from his laboratory over in Berkeley a mes
sage which must startle into breathless attention scien
tist and layman alike. With all the careful conservatism
of science Professor Loeb recently announced that his
series of experiments in the artificial fertilization of the
eggs of lower orders of life had led him to believe that
for mankind a natural death never comes — that by bodily
disabilities alone, and these open to curative measures,
is Jhe human being robbed of life before his time.
"It is by no means certain," said the scientist in his
recent exposition of artificial egg fertilization, "that
death, even in old age, can be called 'natural death.' We
know that as a rule death is caused by the fact that some
important organ is disabled, but we are far from certain
that such inability is unavoidable." This tenet of the
savant's comes only as the result of actual operations
in checking and turning aside the progress of death in the
eggs of the starfish and the sea urchin where dissolution
was imminent from within the embryonic body itself
and not as the result of external causes..
In the grand scheme of life, of which man is supposed
to be at present the highest, the most complex organ
ism, the scientists tell us that there is one universal law
of growth, unchanged in the processes of evolution. If
man may bring life to the germ of the starfish, and ward
from the same ''impending death, what may not man
do for himself, whose life is governed by the same
formula, advanced only to a higher degree of.complexity?
Does not Professor Loeb's dictum carry with it an ele
ment of the sublime in the immensity of its concept?
Not long ago Professor Elie .Metchnikoff, a pupil of
the great Pasteur, approached the conclusions Professor
Loeb has announced from a different train of reasoning
and experiment. By eliminating what Metchnikoff terms
"the disharmonies," or incongruities of organic action in,
the body, man may, according to his conception, find a
natural death. Then, and then only, will the tired
worldling lay him down to welcome the last process
of nature, coming gently, naturally as sleep.
'The normal end," says Metchnikoff," coming after
the appearance of the instinct of death, may truly be re
garded as the ultimate goal of human existence."
Strange thought?, these. Can man be ma,de the arbiter
of his death through science? If there is a "natural
death," whose pangs we have never tasted, will it be
indeed that, enjoying such, man may feel even a longing
for death when all of his tired members have gradually
lost; their springs of action and the true end of the day
is drawing nigh?
Like one who wraps the drapery of his couch
About him and lies down to pleasant dreams.
Special Information supplied dally *o
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). ZZO Cal
ifornia street. Tele j-hoa* n*in 1941. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-«tched boxes. 715 Market sC«
Good specs, eyeglasses. 13c-50c 7:1 4th
Bt.. front of Key's Col. Oyster House. •
CARDS-E. H. D., City. Cards may
be sent by mail in acknowledgement of
an invitation to a wedding, or with
the mention, "congratulations," ¦writ
ten in one corner, to one whose en
gagement Is announced or to one who
is the father of a new-born baby
Cards of condolence, with tho written
words, "with deepest sympathy," may
be mailed (but better left in person>
in case of sorrow or bereavement. Re
grets at inability to accept an invita
tion to attend a function should not
be sent on a card, but should be in
the form of a note giving briefly the
reason for non-acceptance.
A MATTER FOR DAMAGES— M. E.
W-, City. If a railroad company in the
process of extending: its track has
taken right of way on your property
without your consent, or condemnaticm
by due process of law, you certainly
have cause for action to recover dam
ages. The department suggests that
you lay the matter before an attorney
who will advise you as to your rights
in the premises.
TO DECLARE WAR— J. Q D.. Slat
ington. El Dorado County, Cal. The
power to declare war on the part of
the United States is vested in Con
gress, not in the President. Article I,
section 8. eleventh clause of the
constitution, says: "The Congress shall
have power to declare war, grant let
ters of marque and reprisal and maks
rules concerning captures on land and
water."
WATER RIGHTS— I.I., Healdsbur*.
Cal. Under the laws of California a
party has the right to take water from
a running stream for legitimate pur
poses by appropriation. The party ap
propriating such must follow the law
which requires posting, etc.
FROM THE FRENCH— R. A. F..
Oakland, Cal. The French quotation
which, translated, is: "If we had no
fallings ourselves we should not take
pleasure in finding out those of oth
ers," is from the French of La Roche
foucald In his "Maxims and Moral Re
flections."
NEW ZEALAND— D.. Petaluma. CaL
The United States Consul at Auckland.
N. Z., is Frank Dillingham and the
United States agent at Wellington is
William Reid. Either can advise you
on the subject of opportunities in New
Zealand. ,
Anszvers to Queries.
Discussion of the advisability of
establishing the whipping post for
wife-beaters has been revived by the
advocacy of this method of dealing
with cruel husbands by President Red
mond of the New York State Superin
tendents of the Poor, now in annual
convention. Mr. Redmond says that
the whipping post would add terror to
the wife-beater's punishment, and ter
ror is the element needed to awaken
In a coward the sense of his obliga
tions toward his wife and his family.
The Whipping Post.
The authorities of the St. Louis Exposition are
grumbling that the great 'fair has not been sufficiently
advertised and that the record of attendance is suffering
in consequence. Can it be. possible that our St. Louis
friends have designs upon the neighboring planets or
are pining because they cannot placard thejnoon? They
certainly have no complaint to make of the attention
given by the civilized earth.
NO STRINGS ON HIM.
Puissant Tsi An.
When the time came for adieus her
Majesty mingled with her guests, the
Emperor following closely, and as Mrs.
Conger got beyond me I stepped aside
for royalty. Imagine my astonishment
when the Empress Dowager turned,
took me by both hands, stroked my
arm and inquired how I liked
China and how long I would re
main, concluding by asking me to come
and see her again when I returned to
visit Mrs. Conger! I did not lose my
equanimity, but studied this most re
markable woman at closest range.
Could she of dignified mien, deep-set,
unflinching eyes, rare smile and melo
dious voice be the most despotic female
sovereign in the history of the world?
Has she two distinctly opposite na
tures? Is this the secret of her mar
velous power? Born in obscurity, the
daughter of a minor officer, a favorite
concubine of. the harem, young and in
experienced, she reached the pinnacle of
authority by incredible ability, shrewd
ness and daring. Through all the in
trigue of the Chinese court since she
first usurped the throne she has borne
a charmed life, and her enemies have
arisen only to disappear with terrible
swiftness, while her autocracy remains
unchallenged. With relentless will she
has stripped the Emperor of the last
vestige of the legitimate authority
which for a Tarief period he had exer
cised under the wise guidance of Kang
Yu Wei, absolutely controlling his every
word and act. as well as the earthly
destiny of 400,000,000 of subjects.
And this most fascinating hostess,
urging us to "stay longer" and "come
again," annihilating conventionality
and precedent, was Tsi An, the great
woman ruler in this land of Confucius,
where to be a woman,, according to the
philosophy of the great sage, is to be
despised among men!— From Minnie
Norton Wood's "Summer Splendor of
the Chinese Court," in the August Cen
tury.
THE first steps in the Republican campaign show
the perfect independence of President Roosevelt.
He went clear of the machine in selecting Mr. Cor
telyou as chairman of the National Committee and in
every act and frank expression shows "that no one has
any strings upon him. The publy: has the key to his
next administration in his own full and free expressions.
He will administer the law, regarding none as above and
none as below it. He will advise the reinforcement of
the law wherein it seems to require strengthening. He
will regard always that equality of right which is the
American birthright.
While no President has been more dutifully respect
ful of the limitations of the constitution, with' the ex
ception of Lincoln, none has been more virulently ac
cused of destroying the fundamental law. Lincoln
was accused of tyranny, of destroying the lib
erties of his countrymen, and these accusations fired the
brain of his assassin, who condensed all attacks upon the
great liberator in his dramatic shout of "Sic Semper
Tyrannis" as he jumped from the scene of his crime upon
the stage of Ford's Opera-house and made his escape
through the wings. Yet Lincoln left to the country
four millions more of free men than were in it when he
took the oath of office and to all men more liberty than
they ever had before. . N -
The memory of this should deter the Democracy
from repeating upon his successor the tactics . of
which they made such reckless use during the
Civil War. But it will have no such effect. The high
financiers, who have been checked in their schemes by
the determined front of the President, are, in their way,
sincere when they accuse him of interfering with liberty,
meaning their liberty to' dodge the law and to^Molate
the' restraints of morality in business. But the people
understand that in a republic liberty is for all under the
law and that liberty ior the few to disregard the law
means abridgment of the just and lawful liberty of the
many.
There is a deep-seated sense and conviction that Pres
ident Roosevelt represents all that is excellent in
citizenship and policy and principle that has been com
mon to all deserving statesmen of either party. Elder
Democrats find him representing those policies in ad
ministration which they were taught to^ respect and Re
publicans : find him illustrating that awakened national
conscience in which their part^ was born. He has no
strings on him, but embodies the aspirations of the whole
people. ";i j:; v '
Swallow, candidate of the Prohibition party for Presi
dent of the United States, declares in his address of ac
ceptance that he is far from being assured "of defeat.
Inspired by such optimism as this, no failure possible in
the fate of man should be able to deter or to discourage.
It is quite possible that Mr. Swallow will not be able to
determine clearly what happened to him at the polls.
"Uncle Joe's' Coup.
"Uncle Joe" Cannon tells this story
of his early days in the practice of the
law in Illinois: .
Patrick McDonald, an Irishman, was
a well-known character in the town of
Danville. He was a loud talker and
was constantly "butting in" where he
wasn't wanted. • ''¦?''."-'-.
Harrison Wheelock, who was known
throughout the county by the contrac
tion of "Hat," was another local
celebrity. Wheelock was talking with
a fellow citizen in the main street
one afternoon, when McDonald came
up and attempted to participate in the
conversation. "Get, out of this," said
Wheelock, and when McDonald at
tempted to parley, the former made a
lunge at him with his strong right
arm.
McDonald ran like the wind, and
Wheelock was close after him. Later
in the day Wheelock was placed un
der arrest by a constable on a warrant
sworn out by McDonald, who charged
that Wheelock had threatened him
and that he felt his life endangered.
"Hat" Wheelock retained Cannon,
then a young lawyer struggling for
a reputation, to defend him. The case,
which was heard before a local Justice,
attracted a large number of the towns
men. McDonald had given his version
of the affair, when" "Uncle Joe" start
ed in to the cross-examination. After
A NATURAL DEATH.
Another San Francisco' woman, swindled in the man
ipulations .of a marriage bureau,, has poured her tale of
woe into the sympathetic ears of the police. Her sav
ings are gone and with them has disappeared the male
creature she accepted as a husband. The lady should
contribute the incident to her store of experience that
sometimes but not frequently proves profitable in new
ventures. '<^sj
THE condition of trade remains about the* same as
for several weeks past. The weather and crop
prospects are still the governing factors, and as
the former has improved and the latter arc excellent,
the confident feeling which appeared a month or so ago
is still apparent. There will be a loss in the" wheat crop
from earlier estimates, but it will not be as large as
feared ten days ago, while corn and cotton are making
I a most excellent showing.
It as figured that on the present outlook we ought to
! get a corn crop of about 2,500,000,000 bushels, yielding
the growers about $1,000,000,000, not to mention its
added value in pork and beef. The cotton crop, if it
amounts to 11,000,000 bales, which is an average estimate
at present, should return the planters about $400,000,000,
j to say nothing of the increment to railroads, exporters
i and manufacturers; so that from these two crops alone
I there ought to be an enhancement to the country's wealth
i of more than $1,500,000,000. Then there is a wheat crop
! of something like 615,000,000 bushels, now worth some
; thing like 87.V< cents per bushel, or say $550,000,000 in
i round numbers. The three crops, therefore, on the
j present basis of prospects and prices figure out an
addition to the farmers' pockets of s'ay $2,000,000,000
! during the coming year. Of course, this is only one re
sult; there are many others in the form of railroad earn
ings, wages, clothing, shipping, etc. In fact, the list of
j industries benefited by these three crops might be in-
I definitely extended, considering that their ramifications
radiate into all branches of trade.
This exhibit is what the leading financial and commer
cial interests of the country are basing their cheerful
views upon" at present, and as it is simply a case of
i arithmetic, unconnected with any speculation, it must
! be admitted it is a very fair foundation upon which to
I build expectations. Of course, mishaps are possible, but
these are always figured in as contingencies. On this
showing Wall street is shouting "Good times!" and try
ing to run up the price of stocks, though, it must be
confessed, with indifferent success, for just as soon as
; the public are prepared to re-enter the investment field
j something comes along and scares them off again.
! For instance, when better reports were being received
from the iron and steel trade and it was freely said that
; the bottom had probably been touched in this industry,
• the Iron Age comes out with the cynical remark that
I the only improvement visible in iron and steel is in Wall
street, whereupon the buoyant market gives two or three
gasps and slowly collapses like a rent balloon. Or the
packing-house strike is no sooner apparently settled and
j the commercial atmosphere begins to clear when the
j men take their dinner pails and walk out again, and there
j is another collapse. Or just when the wheat crop is
looking fine and the weather is reported almost perfect
along the whole belt, Kansas comes along with the
, third flood this year and down comes our house of
cards again. There is always something happening to
that brilliant pasteboard mansion.
Still, with all these backsets, the crop outlook is ex
. cellent and even the most conservative interests of the
country are looking forward to another fair year. It
will be quieter than its three or four immediate pre
decessor^, but nobody expects anything serious to hap
pen. There is too much money lying around. We are
very, very rich, and furthermore, sound. Almost all
dubious elements have been eliminated and we are doing
business again in more of the old-fashioned way. Labor
troubles are the principal drawback at present, but it
will be observed that they are briefer and less violent
than they were a couple of years ago. Wiser counsels
now prevail and strikes are fewer and more quickly set
tled. Capital and labor are both tired of these injurious
wrangles and there is a general disposition to avoid
them.
Commercial reports last week were almost uniformly
cheerful. Many of the larger cities are reporting a bet
ter jobbing and retail trade, though collections are not
as prompt as for the past several years. The jobbers
report'a good and gradually increasing demand for gen
eral merchandise from the farming districts.. There is a
better feeling in the dry goods trade at New York, with
out, however, any appreciable enlargement in the move
ment. The remarkable scramble for wool has imparted
a bullish aspect to the woolen trade, though there is no
particular rush among the mills. Provisions continue
quiet and dragging more or less at all packing points.
Prices for cattle, sheep and hogs are slowly declining,
but they have been too high for the good of the country
at large, and the stock raiser can jrtand a little deprecia
tion in his product without serious injury. There is
rather more doing in the leather trade, and the packing
house strike is diminishing the output of hides. There
are no features in the grocery trade worthy of especial
comment.
Railway earnings thus far in July show the small loss
of 1.5 per cent from the corresponding time last year.
The bank clearings last week were again on the right
side of the exhibit, though the gain over 1903 was only
.8 per cent. Still, most of the large cities showed an
increase, and the aggregate clearings were $2,171,836,000,
an excellent showing. The failures for the week were
213, against 191 last year, and none of them were of
sufficient importance to attract attention. Money con
tinued in enormous supply and weak at & to I per cent
for call and 2 to 3% per cent for time loans. These are
pretty low rates."
Our local conditions continue bright. The crops of
wheat and barley in . California are turning out lighter
than expected, but there is \no famine, and the loss in
quantity will probably be offset by the excellent prices
which the grain is bringing. During the early part of
the week there was a scramble for barley in the Sacra
mento Valley, and in their eagerness for supplies buyers
paid more in the country than the grain would bring in
San Francisco. The spring wool clip is cleaned up and
the fall clip will come in on a bare and very strong
market. The hop crop is looking excellently and prices
continue, away above the' cost of production — something
like 100 per cent. The hop growers have been making
money for several years. Stocks of dried fruits, except
prunes and raisins, are cleaned up and the new crop
goods are in demand at very good prices, while the fresh
fruit has been selling very well all the -season. The
dairy trade has enjoyed a surprising demand, for months/
though the markets have lately* shown the usual mid
summer dullness. The output of butterand eggs this
year has been of enormous volume, but 'the market has
absorbed it, showing a pronounced increase in the popu
lation of the city and State at, large. In fact, whichever
way we turn— toward country or city — we find the same
expanding markets for. our products and the same re
ports of increasing population. If the present influx of
newcomers from across the mountains- continues the
next census, will surprise a good many people! Times in
r-ttractions, and is being awaited with
.••peciai interest- The young American
writers romance, published serially
here in the "Windsor Magazine, was
voted one of the best of recent years.
Moreover Sydney Grundy, who has
dramatized it. thus will make his re
appearance, for since this dramatist
furnished Mrs. Langtry with 'The De
generates" little or nothing: has' been
heard of him. Georg-e Alexander, too,
is expected to be particularly attrac
tive as the hero in "The Garden of
Lie?," which was read to the St.
James' company for th? first time yes
terday. HAYDEX CHURCH.
California were ne,yer better than they have been for
half a dozen years past arid the best of it is they are
still highly satisfactory.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
THE SAN FRAHGlSGOiGALD
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . .... . .,. . .Address All Commnnicattons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ¦<• •••• • • • • •Thhrd and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY . . ; ......... . . .................. .". .' . : ..... JULY 25, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1904.
Slav Measurements.
At the recent gathering of the As
sociation of Academies Sir .A. Geikie
moved a resolution, which was unani
mously adopted, in favor of interna
tional co-operation in the efforts to
obtain "precise determination of levels
in mountain chains subject to earth
quakes, with the view of ascertaining
whether such chains are stable, or are
undcrgoingr'movements of deviation or
depression." Another proposal aimed
to secure measurements of the value
of gravity, with the object, so far as
geological questions are concerned, of
throwing light on the internal dis
tribution of masses in the earth and
on the rigidity or isostasy of the ter
restrial crust. These problems call for
| minute and rigorous observation. In
I this way it is believed to have been
proved that the land about 'the city of
New York Has been subsiding since
1875 at the rate of about 1.45 feet
(nearly 17% inches) per century. Pos
terity 1000 or 10,000 years hence will
hr.vc a right to know not merely hqw
high Etna or Vesusius was in 1904, but
what were the elevation and appear
ance of Beachy Head; how much the
old .ock has lost by waste of the sea
£t its loot, or by denuding rains on its
summit and flanks; or how much ft
may have gained by uplifting forces.
They will know these things in 2904,
just as they will know how the stars
and nebulae are distributed in our
ckies. and the knowledge will be very
helpful to the future astronomers and
geologists. In these matters photog
raphy, as the handmaid of research,
can render easily and cheaply incom
parable services.— London. Telegraph.
Gtrorce Alexander's production , of
"The Garden of Lies," dramatized
from Justice Miles Forman's ctory, is
to be one of the first of the, autumn
According to reports from home
Americans have been offered one or
two rather indifferent entertainments
in the musical comedy line from this
side of the water recently, but one
which is likely to reach the United
Etates before Jong is practically sure
of ita welcome. This is "Sergeant
Brue," the new musical comedy by
Owen Hall, author of "The Girl From
Kay's." which has succeeded "A Chi
nese Honeymoon," at the Strand The
ater. I eaid something soon after Owen
Hall started work on this piece regard-
Ing the novelty of the main Idea.
"Sergeant Brue" is, of course, a police
man, w£o Is left a tremendous fortune,
which is to remain his, however, only
¦while he remains on the force, unless
It should happen that he Is made an
inspector, when the testator permits
him to retire. Brue, however, is a
man of lew brains; an inspectorship is
practically out of the question as far
as he is concerned, and so though pos
sessed of the Income of an American
millionaire and of a house in Park
Lane, he is compelled to keep on pa
trolling his beat day after day as con
scientiously as if he were drawing the
ordinary salary of a "bobby." After
awhile, however, it happens that Brue,
while off duty, befriends a well known
"crook," who out of gratitude declares
that he will enable Brue to win pro
motion by discovering to him the
••/elonious utie plans" of his con
freres. But the coups thus arranged
never come off; always land Brue in
hot water, in fact, instead of getting
him,, any nearer his inspectorship.
How he finally attains this rank
it would not be fair to tell,
but it is only after many laugh
able situations. Here the part
of Sergeant Brue is played by Willie
Edouin, and i3 quite the best thing he
has done since his Hoggenheimer in
The Girl From Kay's." The part of
the crook is taken by Arthur Williams,
who was seen in the United States
with Iiawtrey Jn "A Message From
Mars," and the scenes between these
two are among the best that have
been given on the stage this
season. Unless new songs can
be interpolated, however, the
piece will have to depend on its
humor for its success, Madame Liza
Lehinaim's much-talked of score hav
ing proved indifferent as a whole,
though one bright exception is a ditty
called "Mother Eve," novel both in
theme and melody. Altogether "Ser
vant Brue" will give an American
company no end of opportunities,
• * •
¦\vhom the audiences here will take to
their hearts as Edna May, Phyllis
Rankin, Dan Daly, Frank Lawton and
E. J. Sullivan, who played the "polite
lunatic," were taken. John W. Ransone
peems to be the popular favorite at
present. His interpretation of the trav
eling brewer, with his constant query,
"Vas you effer in Cincinnati?" does not
appeal over here as strongly as it must
have done at home, but he gets his
laugh from beginning to end and is es
pecially funny in the song — which he
has substituted for "It Was the Dutch"
—"I'm On the Water Wagon Now,"
though audiences here have only a
vague idea of what being on the water
wagon means. The "Song of the Cit
ies" is a great go, particularly the New
Tork girl's part of it; but, speaking
generally, it seems to be the chorus
work and the novel "effects" that hit
the audiences here hardest. If they
can keep on doing as well at the
Shaftesbury as they are at present the
success of Musgrove's "London home
of American musical comedy" will be
assured.
for catchiness with those in which Gus :
tave Kerker's score abounded, and —
though comparisons be odious — the
cast contains few, if any, members
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES• General Green has secured a large
sample of a rush which he believed
would answer the desired purpose. This
was forwarded to the matting com
pany by the association and a letter
just received in response offers splen
did encouragement to the Sacramento
Valley Investigators.
The sample was sent to the Goodall
Matting Company of Kennebunk,
Maine, and a letter from R. H. Saw
yer, manager of this company, states
that this is the finest looking grass he
General "W. S. Green of Colusa is
probably on the eve of introducing into
California an industry of value. This
is nothing less than the production on a
commercial scale of a grass suitable
for the manufacture of carpet matting
and consequent development of a great
matting manufacturing business.
For several months the Sacramento
Valley Development Association, of
which General Green is president, has
been in communication with a firm of
matting manufacturers of Maine. The
purpose has been to learn the nature
of rushes used in making matting and
whether or not they may be success
fully grown in the low l,ands of the Sac
ramento Valley. The facts developed
have warranted the belief that a mat
ting industry could be built up in this
State. ' ..:. -
W. S. Green Discovers Swamp Grass
Adapted to Use In Industry.
MAY PRODUCE MATT1XG.
A new town is to be established in
San Luis Obispo County, so says the
Santa Maria Times. It ¦will be near
Graciosa. Like many other California
towns it will owe its origin to mining
enterprise, although petroleum mining
ls back of (the-. town in this instance
instead of gold enterprises. The Times
says: ' ¦ ."y^-
Edward Doble, proprietor of one of the larg
est oil ' well, tool manufacturing shops on the
coast, is about to locate at Divide, where he
will establish * -machine ahep and Iron foundry.
Simultaneously the Pacific- Coast Company
will put up a depot, install telephone and tele
graph communication and establish a lumber
yard. R. H. Herron. who is vice president
and one of the principal stockholders of the
California Coast Company, is largely inter
ested in getting the new shop located where
It will be. tt being greatly, to his advantage to
get his supplies as near as possible to the
field.*
Steps have also b<een taken to erect* a hotel
and application made for the establishment
of a salocn. although the latter ls meeting
with opposition. The machine shop will em
ploy from twenty to twenty-five men right
from the start. •
L. - A. Crandall. through whose efforts Mr.
Doble is. locating in this fleld. used his utmost
endeavors to have the new machine shop come
to I Santa Maria, but the newcomer, - however,
feared it vrculd leave too much of an oppor
tunity for some one else to head him off and
therefore decided, to locate at Divide. Mr.
Escolla has donated the land to all parties for
the various enterprises.
San Luis Obispo Connty Oil Men Are
- Concerned in Community.
BUILDING NEW TOWX.
Paris offers prizes for window gar
dening.
Harry Kelly, an ironworker, was ar
rested early yesterday morning by
Policeman Connelly and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of forgery.
The arrest was made on complaint of
Frank Strizinger, liquor dealer, 160
Fourth street who alleges that Kelly
passed a check on him for $12 50
drawn on the Union Trust Company,
payable to Harry Ryan and purport
ing to be signed by E. A. Montague.
When the check was presented for
payment it was declared a forgeVy.
Charged With Forgery.
Hut a considerable per cent of the decay
which the oranges suffer in transit may bo
due to causes which we do not yet understand.
Ar.d just here we need the help of the Depart
ment cf Agriculture. We hope for Important
results from the investigations which are to be
made tinder the direction of Mr. Powell; and
the crowers should co-operate fully with any
expert or experts he may send here, so that
this problem may be thoroughly studied. We
cannot afford to loss any 10 per cent of our
fruit in transit by decay, which may be due
to preventable causes.
The Pasadena Press finds that a
problem worth considering is before
the orange growers of the State and
says that something may be done to
diminish the percentage of loss on
oranges on their way to the Eastern
market. In part the Press says:
The orange growers who read the reports of
sales in the East cannot fall to note the
frequent recurrence of items like this: "Seven
to 15 per cent decay," or "10 to 20 per cent
d»cay" ; "much fruit sold low because.lt ar
rive in Door ord«r."
Now any fruit that reaches the market In a
decayed condition is worse man a. dead loss.
W« have to pay freight on it and packing and
icing charge?, just as much as If sold "extra
fancy," instead of being dumped out. And
it reduces the average returns from a car of
fruit whe-.i en even 10 per cent of It we pay
out -*1 30 to $1 50 ier box and get absolutely
no ru-turn whatever. And if the decay runs
13 or -0 per cent, that is Jui«t eo much worse.
In part tills d«cay In transit is probably
due to slow service by the railroads and cli
matic extremes through which the fruit passes
en route. But that explanation cannot be ac
cepted as adequate to fully cover the case.
Thtre must in many instances be something
wror.p vrith the fruit before it starts; and^lt
is ui> to the growers and the Department of
Agriculture to find out what the trouble ls.
Fruit crown in a climate like ours, with an
air that i3 pure and dry and notably free from
germs, ought not to decay easily. We are in
clined to think rome of th* decay Is due to
careless handling In picking, hauling and pack
ing. Too much emonasis cannot be placed on
the importance of care in preventing the fruit
from bclr.s bruised or contaminated with dirt
that may contain the germs of decay. Nothing
short or the highest cleanliness and the most
careful handling should be allowed in the mar
keting of a product so, valuable and so perish
able as the orange crop.
Oranse Producers Need Aid to Reduce
r'ercentajre of Fruit Lost in Transit.
PROBLEM FOR GROWERS.
Gung Young, a tailor at 1025 jjtock
ton street, went into a gambling re
sort at S26 Washington street yester
day afternoon and in less than five
minutes fell to the floor. He was driv
en rapidly to the Central Emergency
Hospital in the patrol wagon but life
was extinct. The body was removed
to the Morgue. It was reported that
he had been poisoned, but Detectives
Dinan and Wren made inquiry and
learned that he was subject to attacks
as a result of heart trouble.
Chinese Dies Suddenly.
Crowds of people thronged the park
and beach yesterday. They did not
venture into the water beyond pad
dling around barefoot. Policemen in
plain clothes patrolled the" beach on
the lookout for hoodlumism and to
prevent bathers from entering the
water in decollete costume. The ab
sence of peddlers from the beach aid3
a great deal in doing away with the
hoodlum element. At the park where
the sun shone warmly the usual
crowd of holiday seekers were pres
ent. ,
Crowds at Beach and Park.
Fire drives, cool air. wonderful hot mud
baths at Peso Rcbles. First-class tickets be-
Tween Pan Francisco and Lcs Angeles, either
¦ajr, with two days' entertainsi<»nt at Hotel
Ta!-o RcMff. only Kl: children. J13 50. Privi
l-Kf of thirty days' stopover. Ask Southern
Pacific apents. •
P.est it Paso Kobles.
The Madera. plant can store 3,000,000 gal
lons, Lemoore and Klngsbury wineries each
1.000.000. or a total of 5.000,000 gallons, chiefly
sweet wines.
At the * Ran Francisco warehouse there is
cooperate for 2.00O.<»io gallon*. making a
grand total of 12.500.000 gallonft. and some
2 0OO.000 gallons of cooperage will shortly he
added, making: In round numbers 15,000.000
sallnnp to meet the requirements.
President Ko!>sl and family have just move-l
Into "Villa Buen Retiro." a princely bungalow,
which has been erected on tlj* main road
commanding a grand view of "The Finest
Valley In the WnrM." with the irreat winery
in the foreground. It contains sixteen sleep
ing apartment*, a magnificent reception room
finished in mahogany at a cost of $5O0O and
other necessary rooms. It is lighted by many
windows* and a deep veranda skirts it on thre»
sides. Artistic grounds with spacious walks
and drives are being laid .out.
AH" refuse from prunlngs are burned, thus
destroying a prolific harbor for pests. The
ashes are carefully used about the vines.
Labor ls too high priced to admit of the use
of machinery for ma»hln? trimmings and
turning them into a direct fertilizer, as is done
in Europe.
The sherry house contains 70.000 gallons of
wine, which will be cooked from sixty days up
In a temperature of 140 to ISO degrees, accord-
Inr to conditions. About 50,000 callous of
brandy is made by the modern continuous still
process. This ls used for fortifying, something
like 4O0.OCO gallons of sherry being made
yearly.
After rasterization choice wines are cooled
down in the ice machine by the ammonia
process to remove cloudiness. Wine loses about
5 p«t cent in wood, hence four cement, tanks
with a capacity of 40.00i> gallons each, lined
with glass made to order in Italy, and con
structed by an expert direct from Italy, is
the innovation for this season. They cost
about $14,000 and will be vsed for storage of
select winca prior to bottling.
The Asti winery has a storage capacity of
4.OOV, 000 gallons; Cloverdale. Fulton and Se
bantopol, 500.000 each, or a total of 6.5O0.0OO
gallons, chiefly used for the dry wines of So
noma County.
The Sonoma County Farmer has been
collecting some facts concerning the
Asti colony in Sonoma County. Briefly
told there is interest in the illustration
of what can be done in California.
Some extracts from the Farmer's story
follow:
In 1SS1 this was a sheep ranch of 2000 acres.
Block by block Its broad acres were planted to
the choicest Italian vines. Seven ' hundred
acres have been added on the south, where the
station of Chiantl has been established. There
are 2700 acred in vines and 15<M> are In full
bearing. The yield is not fabulous, but there
are no finer vines or vintage even In Italy.
The colony crushed over 60"JO tons of out
side grapes last year and has ample facilities
for caring for the vintage of 1904.
About liity tons of cream ot tartar are made
yearly and the residue from the pomace la
converted into a valuable fertilizer for the
vines.
Asti Illustrates What Can Be Accom
plished in California by Experts.
GREAT SONOMA- COLONY.
Inyo honey is probably not surpaaesd any
where on earth. The honey crop of 190S was
sold at valley railroad stations at the highest
market figures — higher than paid -.anywhere
else, considering the fact that purchasers had
an additional freight charpra to pay ta- get the
crop to the main railroad lines. This industry
ls rapidly growing, the annual sales (exclu
sive of home consumption) now being from
100 tons up.
Stock raising ie one of the moat promising
or our resources.' The fine quality of the
alfalfa and other grasses here grown, the high
altitude, favorable climate, mountain ranges
for summer use, and pure water supply . axe
factors which the observing stockman will ap
prove, and which Bhow In the , meats raised
here and the animals sent elsewhere. The game
factors make this a most promising field for
dairying.
Wool growing and poultry raising are of In
creasing importance. . . . . .
In all thesa • industries. • as in mining low
grade ores, there ' id yet lacking one^ great
factor, -viz., direct" and cheap transportation.
There are countless openings hero for men of
industry and energy, whenever a eouthern
outlet Is provided. At present the i mining
campe take all the more -perishable produce we
can supply; the honey, wool, meats and sim
ilar , products are profitably sold in the Jargi
cities.- Our creameries find sale' for their
output, but thus far have not undertaken to
establish markets beyond the line of t**«i' C
and C. and its tributary country.
Sugar beets grown in an experimental way
show an unusually high percentage of saccha
rine matter, and It is probable that some day
this will become an important industry In this
county. ,
Wheat, corn, oats and barley are staple
crops. On some tracts as high as S5C0 pounds
of wheat per acre has been grown. While this
is much above the normal, yields of 2000 to
2500 pounds per acre are common.
Potatoes and all forma of garden produce
are extensively grotvn..
It is proverbial that a complete crop failure
in this valley is unknown. "Armies" of in
fcect pests fail to reach us. and as the mows
of the hitrh Sierras are the main dependence
for water, sweeping droughts are impossible.
The valley is not adapted to citrus fruits.
Figs, cotton and tobacco have been grown on
a limited scale, but without a degree of suc
cess to encourage euch culture. Apples, pears,
apricots, peaches, plums, prunes, walnuts,
almonds and all kinds of berries grown here
excite admiration wherever they are displayed,
for their sire as well as flavor. This Is es
pecially true of apples and other large fruits.
Grapes of all kinds are successfully irrown
in all parts of the valley. In the southern
part, especially, are opportunities for this
kind of culture equal to those of any part of
the State.
Agricultural lands are obtainable at prices
which, in comparison with those charged in
many less fertile sections, are very low, rang
ing from *1 25 an acre for Government loca
tions to from $10 to $100 for improved tracts.
Much grood land lies east of the river; that
on the west side is.- however, far greater in
amount and area developed. As this latter ls
seen from the car window at a distance the
traveler"* Impression from that view, par
ticularly after his desert ride before reaching
the valley, is not. apt to do us Justice.
The altitude ranges from 3620 feet at Kecler
3907 at Independence station, to 4450 at Bishop
station and slightly more In. Round Valley.
Owing to this and the dry air, the climate it
mild and healthful.
The Inyo Register devotes much
space to a special description of Inyo
County. Some of the leading facts are
republished here for general informa
tion as follows:
Inyo's aroa, 10,156 square miles; boundaries,
north. Mono County; east, State c~T Nevada;
south, San Bernardino and Kern; west. Fresno
and Tulare. Surface largely mountainous,
with large valleys, which, with the exception
cf Owens Valley, are mostly desert.
Population, census 1900 4377. Bonded debt,
$($0.0<J0. Assessed value. 1003, $2,310,319; tax
rate, l'JO;:, 92 25 per (100.
Nearly all the common minerals and metals
and some that are rare are found in the
county. The desert portion is a veritable
treasure houae of minerals, now in most in
stances lying dormant because of lack of
available transportation. Textbooks credit
Inyo with having a larger variety of minerals
than any other California county, nearly 150
such being known, and others probable. Mil
lions of dollars have been produced from this
pource in years past, the single camp of
Cerro Gordo being credited with $13,000,000
output during the first seven years of its ca
reer. Mines are found, and more or less
worked, in all portions of the county. Add to
the ledges and similar deposits the vast beds
of borax, salt, niter, marble, slate, building
stone, phosphates, etc.. and the unlimited de
posit of soda In the waters of Owens Lake
and now being extracted by evaporation and
we have a lengthy list. Within the county
He deposits extensive enough to supply the
world's markets In several lines, oncfe the prob
lem of cheap transportation is solved.
The Owens Valley extends nearly the length
of the county's western edge. To It alone is
reference made in speaking of agricultural
development, for it contains all the county's
agricultural land and fully nine-tenths^ of the
population. It is the natural supply point for
surrounding mining regions, including the min
eral fields of it* own county, much of Mono
and Esmeralda. counties, and the new camps
in tha Tonopali region.
Owens Valley ls approximately 100 miles
Ions, about fifte«n miles wide at Bishop; is
almost cut In two by a spur of the Sierras
near Fish Springs, south of which it expands
to a width of six to ten miles. It contains
about 500,000 acres of areable land, of which
200.000 acres are now held under patent.
Scarcely one-fifth of this is as yet materially
improved.
The coll is fertile. Along the foothills and
through much of the valley it is sandy with
loam along the low lands. Alkali is found in
this latter soil, but not usually In sufficient
quantity to make the land useless.
Mineral Resources and Agricultural
Possibilities Give Higher Rank.
INTO COUNTY'S WEALTH.
v ound was not serious. After it had
been stitched and dressed he was sent
home.
v.v.s arrested by Policemen Draper,
Ar.r.ear and Connolly and booked at
tbe City Prison on a charge of assault
*v:th a deadly weapon. Johnstone was
-••nt to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where it was found that the
John Graney. a bartender, and
Charles Johnstone, a laborer, living at
£14 Stevenson Ptreet, quarreled over
M.-ifjrie Mitchell in a restaurant at
Fourth and Jessie streets early yester
day morning. Graney went into the
kitchen, and. returning with a bread
luiife, stabbed Johnstone on the left
pide of the abdomen. Graney fled, but
Stabbing Affray Over Woman.
California is very much in need of
a good milling wheat that will retain
its properties here. The State Board
of Trade and the University of Cali
fornia are working together on this
problem, and, in view of its import
ance, and of the very great resources
of the National Government, it seems
most fortunate that there is now lo
cated in this State a department farm,
the purpose of which is the solution of
just such problems.
Among the plants which have been
introduced from^abroad is the alfalfa,
which comes to us from Turkestan and
is probably the most valuable plant in
California to-day, the one which prom
ises most to the future prosperity of
the State. The Washington navel
orange was introduced through the De
partment of Agriculture, as were many
of our most valuable fruits.
Among the introductions of the de
partment which are now growing into
great industries are rice culture and
tea culture in the south. Rice has
proved a profitable crop in Louisiana
and Texas and the rice fields are con
stantly growing in extent. Tea plan
tations are also proving successful.
• It is impossible even to mention any
considerable portion of the many evi
dences of the value of this work, and
it is utterly impossible to forecast what
the future may bring forth. Explorers
are working in many portions of the
world and their efforts will undoubt
edly result in vast benefits to agricul
ture and horticulture in America. There
are valuable food and forage plants
without number which may be success
fully and profitably grown in this coun
try and of which we know nothing.
The introduction of plants which may
be profitably grown by American
farmers means the addition of millions
to their wealth. California, by reason
of her inviting conditions, varied to
pography and climate, may be expected
to reap the greatest benefit, even were
the testing gardens located elsewhere,
but ¦with the gardens situated in a
favored district of this State our tillers
of the soil will . certainly reap even
greater proportionate advantages. The
immediate locality will get the first
and greatest benefit, for there the suc
cesses will be first known and first
used.
bureau which are contributing to-day
to the prosperity of American farmers
are new and improved varieties of
wheat, oats, barley and other grains.
During the past few years the depart
ment has introduced macaroni wheats,
which by reason of adaptability to
semi-arid conditions, have added ap
proximately a million acres to the
wheat-producing area of the United
States and at the same time rendered i
possible the upbuilding of a macaroni i
manufacturing industry. Macaroni
is consumed extensively in this coun
try, the importations in a single year
amounting to 15,000,000 pounds.
1 THE WHEAT PROBLEM. j
The possibilities of matting manu
facture may be appreciated when it is
understood that 75,000,000 yards of
matting are imported annually into
the United States. Very little ls man
ufactured here and none from home
grown.grass. The grass used in mat
ting manufacture in this country is
imported from Japan at a cost of $60
per toe
The plant introduction garden lately
established by the United States De
partment of Agriculture at Chico, in
Butte County, will probably play an
lmpqrtant part in the tests that will
be made of this and perhaps other
grasses for matting purposes. P. H.
Dorsett, manager of the gardens, has
expressed a great interest in the mat
ter and will take it up direct with the
department, and it is altogether prob
able that a tract of suitable land may
be secured and experiments in culture
conducted under his supervision.
The possibility of Introducing int»
our tule lands a product that will sell
at $60 per ton or at any considerable
portion of such figure is sufficiently
enticing to warrant considerable ex
penditure in investigation. General
Green Is confident that success will
be attained. '
has. seen in America, and given It as
his opinion that under proper cultiva
tion it will make a growth that will
fill all requirements. The letter states
that a small piece of matting made
from the sample has been forwarded
for inspection and the writer offers to
cc-operate in every way in an effort
to demonstrate thoroughly the possi
bilities of the plant. .
The following have been installed as
the officers of Portola Council No. 470,
Y. M. I., for the current term: Joseph
Graham, president; Phil C. Tierney
and Joseph E. Tait. vice presidents:
D. T. Powers, recording and James J.
Cantlen financial secretary; William
G. Fahy, treasurer; A. W. Murphy,
marshal; John J. Carey inside and
John J. Connell outside sentinel; J. A.
Morgan, William H. Murphy and John
F. Conens. executive council, and Rob
ert A. Cahalan. historian. William I.
Reardon and D. T. Powers have been
chosen as delegates from this council
to the Grand Council that will meet in
Crockett August 22. The council will
have a day and night at the Chutes on
August 19.
Portola Conncil's^Officers.
Coghlan feels his loss keenly. For
many years he has been saving his
small earnings to build a little home.
He never intrusted his money to the
banks, but always kept it in his home
and generally took it with him when
he went out. His wife gave the police
a good description of the men who she
believes robbed her husband and a gen
eral round-up of the pickpockets known
to be in town will be made with a view
to having the culprits identified by
their victim and his wife.
John Coghlan, a laborer living at 607
Third street, was robbed yesterday aft
ernoon of 5400 by pickpockets. The
light-fingered gentry, three in number,
made good their escape.
Coghlan and his wife and children
.went to the Cliff House yesterday to
spend the day. With him he had tied
in a leather pouch his entire savings.
He thought the money would be safer
on his person than if left in the house.
The laborer and his family took the
blue car line to the beach. Starting to
return about 4 p. m., he made his way
through a large crowd waiting for seats
on the cars. Three men jostled him. two
of them attracting his attention while
the third deftly went through his
pockets and filched the coveted coin.
Coghlan's wife saw the men acting sus
piciously. When they were seated in
the car she asked her husband if the
money was safe. He felt for the sack,
but it was gone.
With a cry he jumped from the car
and vainly endeavored to catch sight
of the thieves: His noise attracted the
attention of the police at the beach,
who made a search for any well-known
characters in the pickpocket line, but
did not make any arrests. Coghlan
reported the theft to the captain of de
tectives and Detective Thomas Gibson
was detailed on the case.
The result of this careful com
parison of the Chico district with
others of the most favored in this
State is in effect an official indorse
ment of the claims put forth by its
residents in its behalf, and in view of
this fact it is surprising to learn that
j subscriptions have been so solw in
coming in that there Is danger of the
institution being lost.
PRACTICAL BENEFITS.
The great value of the garden, .of
course, is in the benefit to agriculture
and horticulture. This may be best
illustrated by calling attention to
benefits which have already accrued to
American farmers through plant In
troduction. For many years the.de
partment has maintained a staff of
*'ar— 'cultural explorers," who search
the earth for new plans that may
prove of value to the American
farmer.
They are constantly sending in new
seeds and new plants, some of which
prove of value, while others, of course,
prove of no value here. Those which
give promise of developing into valu
able products are carefully propa
gated and in many instances improved
or acclimated by selection and plant
breeding. This work is not confined
to finding new and strange plants, but
new varieties of plants already grown
extensively here are constantly sought
and occasionally the search results in
developing varieties that are a distinct
gain to the producers of this coun
try.
Among the importations of this
This garden is the result of the
! growth in importance of this branch
i of the work of the department. Here
1 tofore new introductions have been
I handled in the department green
; houses and grounds at Washington.
; During recent years it has been the
! custom to delegate to nurserymen and
seedsmen much of the work of trying
I out new importations, but heir work
j has not proved satisfactory. Private
! individuals have in the majority of
i instances found it impossible to give
i to the work of the department that de
gree of time and attention necessary
I to anything like satisfactory results
• and the result has been the decision
j to establish a farm where this may
! all be performed under the direction
j of capable experts in the employ of
; the department.
The selection ' of a site at Chico for
i this important branch carried on by
; the Government is itself the strongest
indorsement ever given to the section
of California in which it has been lo
! cated. ,
The site was not selected until every
¦ portion of California that was believed
i to offer anything like suitable advan
1 tages was carefully examined. Several
j months were spent in a close examina
tion of various districts. This was
I conducted by experts who enjoyed
the fullest confidence of the depart
ment officials. One of these was Pro
fessor A. V. Stubenrauch, of the Uni
versity of California.- The other was
P. H. Dorsett. who is now in charge
of the institution. The work of these
gentlemen was systematic and thor
ough. They found several places well
adapted, but by a careful grading, in
which each desired condition was
given its proper value, Chico was
found to be slightly in advance of the
others.
The work of introducing plants and
seeds from foreign countries has been
carried on by the department for a
great many years and many of our
most valuable products have come to
us through this work. There are few
products of farm or orchard but have
in some measure been benefited by the
work of the Department of Agricul
ture, while many of the commonest
grains and grasses as well as fruits
and grapes are direct importations
brought to us through the very work
that will henceforth be carried on at
the Chico garden.
WORK IS IMPORTANT.
The plant introduction garden as a
separate institution is new, though the
work to be carried on there has long
been carried on by the Department of
Agriculture. As its name indicates, it
is the place where seeds and plants
imported from foreign countries will
be introduced and tested. The mis
take has been made of calling it a
"seed farm" and in the minds of some
it has been confounded with the annu
al distribution of seeds through our
representatives in Congress. These
gardens, however, will not be used to
produce seeds for Congressmen to giv*
away to their constituents, but will
serve a vastly more important pur
pose.
The tract selected comprises eighty
acres lying about two miles southeast
of Chico, near Butte Creek. It is as
fine a body of land as can be found in
the State for the successful cultiva
tion of the widest possible variety of
plants. The greater portion of it is
rich, deep loam, which is bordered on
the north by a stretch of what is desig
nated "slough" land, and is heavily
timbered, forming a wind-break. Upon
this tract work has already begun and
many valuable plants are now grow
ing there.
The announcement has just been
made at Chico lhat the plant and pro
duction garden located near that city
a few months ago-, by- the United
States Department of Agriculture may
be lost to thi3 portion of California
through the failure of the people of
the locality to subscribe . sufficient
memey to pay for the land.
This announcement arouses renewed
Interest in the garden and another ef
fcTt is being made to raise the neces
sary funds.. There has been some
criticism of the attitude of the depart
ment in the matter of requiring that
land be donated for the purpose, but
it seems that several other localities
in the State where the garden might
be satisfactorily located stand ready
to dc-nate the necessary land, and the
understanding of <he department at
the time the Chico site was selected
was that equally favorable terms
would be offered there. Whatever may
be the merits, however, of the conten
tion that the Government should buy
the land and pay for it, the fact is
that the Government does not regard
it in that light and the land must be
donated if the institution is to remain
at Chico.
A new effort will be made to raise
the money, aided by the Sacramento
Valley Development Association. Rapid
work will be necessary, as the depart
ment has fixed August 1 as the time
when the matter must be settled, and
o-nly one week remains in which to se
: cure subscriptions amounting to $5000.
EXTENT OF THE GARDEN.
BY W. A. BEARD.
There has been some fear expressed that the
Mexican Government might Interpose obstacles
to the acquisition of the system by the people
through the Reclamation Bureau, but it now
looks as though this would not be the case.
About the only lands in Mexico available for
irrigation are those of the California and Mex
ico Land and Cattle Company and the Cali
fornia Development Company, both composed
of Log Angeles capitalists, and their Interests
are naturally allied with a movement to secure
the completion of the irrigation system on a
strong basis.
What is really the most complicated feature"
of the projected completion of the Bystem by
the Government Is the fact that the 217.000
acres which have been filed on have secured
water stock in mutual companies, based on the
system of the California Development Com
pany, and have paid a large sum of money
for a water right on which the Government has
placed a cloud. The Government is not dis
posed to recognise the payments which have
been made for water stock as giving the hold
ers advantages over the bare land not yet filed
on, while the land owners feel that when It
comes to figuring out a basis of payments for
the completion of the irrigation system they
should not be called on to pay as much as
those who will hereafter file on land and who
have made no payments for water stock.
The reclamation bureau naturally takes
great interest in the proposed development on
the Lower Colorado, for the new system will
not only be the largest worn of the kind ta
this country, but it will take' rank with the
immense lrrisatlon systems built by the Brit
ish Government on the Nile and Ganges rivers,
and probably would remain Tor all time as
one of the three greatest irrigation systems on
earth.
It is expected that when the water users
and tha development company have reached an
agreement, if that agreement reaches the ap-'
proval of the "Reclamation Bureau^ of the In
terior Department, the Government will ad
vance the moi.ey for the purchase of the plant
and for its completion out of the reclamation
fund, the amount to be paid back to the Gov
ernment in ten annual payments without in
terest.
The plan will Include possibly 800,000 acres In
the United States and 300,tXX> acres in Lower
California and Mexico.
While the negotiations have riot reached a
definite conclusion, it is understood that' there
Is good prospect that the water users and
the development company will get together on
a price, which will Include Mexican laud over
¦which the irrigation canals have to travel.
The Drice of this will probably be somewhere
between $ l,B<)0. COO and J2.500.C00.
A conference has been in progreA in
Los Angeles that lasted several days,
the purpose of which was to find some
basis upon which the irrigation system
of the 'Imperial Valley may be taken
over by the United States Government
and completed as a part of a compre
hensive plan to cover all lands on the
lower Colorado River, so says the Los
Angeles Herald, which makes also the
following statements relative to the
matter:
The :l«?v. Fathrr James Collijran cele- \
bratt4 ii.'s first mass at St. LJrigids <
Church, Van Ness avenue ar.d Broad-,
cray. ywrterday morning at 11 o'clock.
Father John Cottie," the pastor, was
deacon; Fnther Francis Donohue, S. J.,
Fub-fleac<m, and Frank Coliigan, a
brother of the celebrant, -.vas master of
ceremonies. Father Fleming of the Sa
ti«ra Heart i>aris-h arid Father Lo:ig of
H;. Anthony's, Oakland, former pu- '
I'jis of Father Coiligan, assisted in the
s-.meiuary.
Father James A. Grunt of St. Briffid's
preached an impressive sermon on
¦ "l".\ Priesthood." Father Grant said.
in Dan. I
*V'.- i.:-e «fsi*ting to-u«y, my bn?tbren. at
t^e fint ir.a««- of a- prlost. Ttis tuLl atrakt-ns
¦\ .:':;r. us. v.ho art Citholics. ar.d who are.
: ;l::\ o{ us. relative* ar-.J IrlEnJir of Father
i". ::;siii. tentia-.er.ts to which it is proper that
«» rive toir.e txjjre^ioa in word. There are
ttSMa irbca men th-vaij not be silent an<i there
t. t- : t imcr.'ji which 5hnu!a net pa?s awa>
BJMpdCCS. Such an occasion is th« tlrnt Ki;5s
cf & fcrl«»*t. anil such are the ser.tiraetus
arak*Tied l>\ It in the hearts of th< Cathoiic
First of ail there !* the Christian joy of
tb» r^'^-f* own people. At Catholic5 ne
«I preciate their faith which is the cause o" it.
a^d as friervds It ls meet that we offer th -m
cur co=rr»tu'atlon«. Then. too. the young
priest enters to-day upon the wi-rk. ot his
prtestbood. V.*e rejoice with him because . of
Th» vocation to which God has called him.
ar.d we are not indiffere-t tc the fact that
he ccznes, a power for jtood. by reason of his
pr1f*thf>o4 and his education, to work hence
forth among as fcr the w-jJfare cf men. And
lastly, brethren, with regard to ourselves, the
occasion demands ars act of faith which It ls
W t poysible to omit. W* must declare the
faitb that is in us c^nceralne the priesthood
\t t!.« Carhclic church.
Thp church t\as crowded with wor-
Ehipers, among whom were relatives of
Father Coiligan.
Broilier of Celebrant Takes
Prominent Part in Service
as Master of Ceremonies
Wife Sees Thieves at Work, |
but Gives Alarm Too Late, j
and They Effect Escape j
Ask Government Aid
to Reclaim Vast
Expanse.
Other Places Stand
Ready to Meet
Situation.
THREE MEN TURN TRICK!
WORSHIPERS GATHER
Divine Gives Strong Sermon
on Occasion of Rev. James
ColliiranV First Mass
Need of Immediate
Action Clearly
Perceived.
John Coghlan, a Laborer, Be
lieved of His Savings
on Car at Cliff House
ment or Agriculture near Chico. Unless the sum of $5000 is
raised before the first of August to pay for the land that is required,
the garden may' bo removed to some other locality. There are sev
eral other places in California where the garden might be satisfac
torily located, so writes Secretary Beard,, and the people of such
places stand ready to donate the land. The understanding was that
Chico would provide what land was needed. The Government is not
inclined to buy and pay for the site. . The selected tract embraces
eighty acres, lyln~ about two miles southeast of Chico, near Bntte
Creek. The . Government oflicials found ideal conditions near Chico.
A strong effort will be made to raise the needed $5000 during the
present week. Work has already begun on the site near Chlco and
many valuable plants are growing there. Mr. Beard submits cogent
reasons to show the necessity that Chico shall retain the institution,
a matter in which the entire Sacramento Valley is concerned. The
garden l s destined to play an important part in the agricultural fu
ture of California.
SECRETARY W. A. BEARD calls attention this morning to the
fact that Chlco may lose the plant and seed production gar
den located a few months ago by the United States JJepart-
Irrigation Project Has
a Very Large
Scope.
FATHER GRANT
ON PRIESHOOD
TRIP TO BEACH
IS EXPENSIVE
BEARD REPORTS THAT CHICO MAY -LOSE
PLANT GARDEN UNLESS $5ooo IS RAISED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,'. MONDAY, JULY 25. 1904.
"Miss Richley— Mabel— I love you!"
exclaimed young Dremer. "Ah, if. I
could only, prove my love; If, like - a
knight of old, I could only go and fight
for you!" "You may go and, speak to
papa," eaid the : girl, demurely. *
S. Mehr, wanted here on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses,
was brought, from Santa Rosa last
night' by Detective Braig. The com
plaining witness, against him is L Lub
lin. Mehr had just finished serving a
term In the County Jail at Santa Rosa
und on his discharge was arrested by,
Braig on a warrant from the Police
Court.
S. Mehr Is Arrested.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUNBURN
quickly relieved and surely cured by
It acts like maeic and is absolutely
harmless. A Trial Bottle Fr«©
which will absolutely prove this state-
ment sent for ioc. to pay postajrs.
Don't Walt until you have a bad case
¦ but get it now and have it at band
when needed.
Sold by leading druggists.
None genuine without my signature.
61 o Prlnoo Street. New York.
S«a fcr tn» B«okl«t M H«w t. (rut JimMS,"
eoat.ialni: liwutwU «f aawUdUd t-*i»oaUl« of
waaiwful enrw.
(4 visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat£
Museum of ahato&w
a gfe i:5iKA3ni : si.tav6:i*:'ji,3.r:ii.A
X Of The Larjest AoatoaucU MoMwa ia the \
Q MSVb«k *'°"4- WnJuomi or iiijr cnn:ract<rrt A
\. V*fWS£5 d«««e F«»<««»» I T««r».tltv|rt<veelJe>t Y
O gS & I ipea«!»i«»«««eCout Esc 3* yean. 0
A I DR. JOXOAN-D!S£ASES OP HEM d
\ F^fS^B Conwlt»tio« free and jtrktiy pnT»te. \
A I Xfi>T tt Trearmeat p«rjoni'.i)r or b» letrrr. A Q
f jj flr« I fwntin CW« la ertry tan outertakea. \
AmU A Whtefsr n-»k. rnaaiiuruvif A
Y • j T BaiBiAfig. MAiLaD rias, (Af
\ j\ 1 rahuble book for mra) ; \
Q DC JOBDA.V * CO . 1051 Market St. 8. F. Y
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only cure for Nervont and
Bronchial ASTEKA. • ,
Your Druggist or at CSS HAJQHT 6T^
iUa Francisco. CaL
___ADVIOITISOIEXT5. j
castorIa]
Sor Infants ar.d Children.
rh 3 Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the / / *7jt S/1F7T. s? m \
Signature of C^~ -^/y /•&>C<z£4/b£
i——^ — — ¦ — — — — —^— m I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
!
y<<Tf>\. Steamers leave Broadway i
A^J=A9\ whanw < piers 0 and 11>. !
/^¦/ -^ San Francisco: ;
/</ V^ \i \*\ For Ketchiksn, Wrangel. '
I I VlJTja I I JoaeaS. Halnes. Skaguay !
\ \ \ r TniC\ ' / etc . Alaska— II a. m.. July
V>> V sC/ -*• Axxs - 3 - Change to \
\f^iL lhl£ censtaoj's steamers at ;
— "^ Fcr \ Ictoria. Vancouver
Pjf TaVBKul, S^ettfc* Tacomn. Kv>r«t
B»I!ir:shji~:— II a. m.. July 24. 2S». Aug 3. i
change at Seattle to this Company's steamers •
lur AUika ar.a G. N. R>\; at Seattle or Ta- |
cc:r.a to N. p. Ry • at VftneoTiver to C. P. Hy
Tor Kur*ka (Hursbcldt IJav)— Pomona. 1 :30
T>. m., July S7. Aug. 2. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
July Z\. :«.>. Aug 5.
For Lcs Aajreles^fvi* Port Lo« Arurdes and
Tt«?d?atfo), San Di^gra and Santa Barbara
Ezr.m. Tic«i. s?unc"a;'s. fl a. m.
Ptate cf Cattforala. Thursdays. 3 a. m
Tot Lo* Argeles <vta San Pedr> and East
Fan P*ir-\. Santa Bartara. Sar.ta Cruz Mon-
terey. BctrSnaoB, Cayuco*. Port Harfori (San
Lus» Oblepc). Ventura and Huen«ire.
Bn^ta. 0 a. m.. July IS. 28, Aug. 3.
•\m» «J*y. ft a. m.. July 3f>. Aug. 7.
Fur Er.rr.sda. Marrialena Bay. San Jose d»l
C«bo. Mitzatlati. Aitata. La Paz. Santa. Ro-
calia. •Hiaytna* rMcx.1. 10 a. ra.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904—
Tt.s (.-aUltai exr-ur*ier *t*Rrm«hip Hjiokan*' wi!"
leave Tacctr.a. 8«Mtt> and Victoria Aug. 2.
For further information obtain folder. Right
I* r«--wr\»-<i to * > hfir.r< 1 •i^ara^rv or ea!l!ng dales.
TICKET OTTZCES—4 New Montpom-
•ry tt. fPalae* Hotel >. 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freig-fct O2ce, 10 Market st.
C. t>. DUNANX. Oaeral Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., Saa Francisco.
loYlHISENlAISHr
fOP.IE?.*TAI> STEAMSHIP CO.>
Fi*arr.er« win leave wharf, corner First u4
E.-3Tjr.»n strata, at I p. m.. for TOKOHAMA
•r.d I1OXGKOXG. calilr-c at Kobe (Hiogo).
and Eharrnal end cccnecting at
XXo^sfcijsg with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on bcartS on day of talllar.
B. K AMERICA MARU
Monday, August 1. 1904
Via HoacJtrlo. r.cur.i-trlp ticket* at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Ooo-
t ary i clflce 421 Msrket street, comer First.
•'* i w. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceawcs.s.co. S^€"
E. S. Eoccma. for Honolulu, Fatnoa. Auck-
land and i-ydsey. Thurecay. July 2S 2 P. M.
F.S. ALAMEDA. lor Ilosclultt. Aus. C 11 A.M
F. S. MAItirOSA, fcr T&hltl. August 3. 11 A.M]
UlSPKICHLS k BJ.01C3., Ails., TlCtet (fflCfi 643 Mar-
ta rnisJi tffia 323 i&tct sl, pict 7. ttab sl
CCXnGTIE GZSZKALE TKllT31TLairTIQ72.
LZiCtCT LINE TO IIAVllE-i'AlCia. ,^
ti.l.r.t: fvtry Thuredsy Instead of -J2ff£3?»
t-siurday. at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ¦-v 3 T*ft*
Xorth I aver, :oct of Morton tt.
KIr»t elmm to Il*.vr*. j;o ?r.d cpirsra. S*cori
t. ¦-•».-. ia llavrt, $43 tti-i upward. GEX-
EJtAXt AGENCY FCR UNITHD STATSS AND
CANADA S2 Broadway (Hudson building).
N»w Vork. J. F. Fl'GA?.l & i.O.. Pacific Cc»«
Apent*. 5 Mortg'orr.ery avcrru«. San Frsn~I»eo.
T! ri nt *n'A <rr sll na;ir--art Tlrk»t Ar*Tit».
To XJ. S. Vary Yard aad Valla jo.
Strara General Frl^bie. llontlcello and Arrow,
S:4i a. ia.. 12:30, 3:1S. C. b:Zu p. rn. tex. Sus.);
*--i.<:i>*. 9:4* a. :r... 8:30 p. m. Leave V»;: e Jo
7. U m. m.. 12:30. 3:IS. <p. n. (ex. Sun.): Sun.
tajrs. " a. ».. 4:1% p. re. Pier 1, foot Mis-
>.ic street: rhcr.e Uain 1S0S. HATCH BUO9.
To XJ. 5. tfaT7 Tarfl aad Vallelo.
£l«nr. II. J. CorcwraArrLeavc* fi. F., fo*t «t
City t;.. ccrlh end ferry bids. — V.'eck day*
V HO X. 21~ 3 aad *S P. II.; Sssdaya. 9:M
/- XS~, t P. X. L*ji.-e VaUeJu — A'eeic days.
r lu A. U.. fJ-.'JO cod S:3O r* at. : bundays. j
P M. Kare. £5c eacS way. Excursion ra.Ua.
S^nfisy* to VallQg. Glen Corn and Martinez.
«Jc rcar.4 trip. PIPZn. ADEN. GOODALL
CO.." pbcas Main «J1. •Saturday es«pied.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
J>et me do your
Developing^rjl^
Printing mm
At Cut Rates Jl||
Although my price? fBA?^
are the lowest, my yKlw
work is of the t*? 51 *"— »»>V^/5'52a.
pra(i<*. You can de-> J«285vV'i?§W_
pend on it every ~"^ «v5B^5s*|V£
time. Here are a V^™KOTjWSri f
DEVELOPING:
roll of twelve. 15c. f\
PRINTING : ui,"t^
Solio Hnlsb. 3c to
6c ; velox finish. Sc
°DAYLIGHT LOADING FTLM3 In all
popular sii»s. My usual low prices.
CYKO printtne out paper. Prints by
artificial lUht.
1 also carry a Una of popular siies ot
Auaco Cameras, from 15 upwards.- Cam-
eras repaired at moderate prices. Mall
orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
T. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
10C8 MARKET STP.EET. above Powell «t.. -
SAN FRANCISCO.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine, '
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St, S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
STAMMERING
Rational cure; incra! and educational: first
applicant next cla*s free. I stammered 20
years. JAMES FOLET. 605 Laeuna, it., cor.
Hayes, San Francisco, 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
STATEMENT
——OF TUB '
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NEW ENGLAND MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
I ¦ , .¦•¦•:-/ ¦¦ ¦.,..¦ .. ' . ¦, i ..
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF SIA3-
sachuwtts. on the olat day of December.
i A. D. 1903. and for th* year ending on tliat
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
I the State ot California, pursuant to the !•«
I quirements of Section «JX3 of the Political Cou«
of said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate Owned
by the Company »2.400,*t2 00
\ Amount of Ivans secured by
Bond and Mortgage on Real
Estate 10.020,275 00
; Amount of Loacs secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 1.320,040 OO
' Premium notes and loaca In any
form tajcen In payment of prem-
iums on policies now in force. . . 196.633 33
; Cash market value of ail Stocks
and Bonds owned by the Com-
pany 19.503.051 CO
1 Amount of Cash deposited la
Banks 4C8.S1T 43
' Interest due the Company and
unpaid 2.067 5H
i Interest accrued but not du» 1SS.3S3 5*3
\ Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection and of de-
ferred premiums 634,505 7i
i Loans made to policy holders oa
Company"* policies, assigned as
collateral 2.053.770 12
I Rents due and accrued 15.S34 'M
Total Assets J33.7S4.0I0 50
LIABILlTIEa ~
! Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $203,610 0»
' Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 112.M* 00
Claims resisted by the Company.. 5.500 00
Net present value of all the out-
stand.ns policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Ex-
perience Tables of Mortality,
with 4 per cent Interest 31.049.433 81
. Amount of all unsaid dividends
to policy holders 212.&4? 9S
1 Present value of unoald amounts
on maturrd installment policies • 5*.22O 5S
i Ah other ..Liabilities 22,068 3»
; Total Liabilities 102.3^.409 71
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums o^ 1%,-i
n«w policies during the year.. 1 $ttt!>.13O 7*
Cash received for renewal of
¦ premiums during the year .... 4.2S2.33* 72
ICash received for interest l..°,C*. M-» ::«
Cash received for rents 131.602 01
Cash received from all other
suurces S.71S £7
Total Income lp.4SS.5C9 US
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments I2.47S.159 73
Cash paid for surrendered policies 402.640 «2
Caah paid for dividends to policy • .
holders V. 540.187 11
Commissions paid to agents 576.D53 S*
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agects and medical examiners. 17IU51 42
Salaries and traveling expenses
of managers of agencies 66.7S3 70
Medical examiners" fess and sal-
aries 57.371 S.1
Cash paid for taxes 122. 04". \l
Cash said for rents 53,313 St>
Cash paid for commuting com- .
missions . 10.KU 77
Alt otter cash payments . 1SS.483 7D
Total Expenditures during th«
year f4. 731.805 30
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT^
Premium notes and ether
premium obligations at
beginning of the year.JC2S.0SO IT
Prtmium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year. 17,423 €1
Total 1215.032 7S
Deductions during the
year aa follows: „
Amount of notes and V %
other premium obliga-
tions' used In payment
of losses and claims... 123.830 73
• Amount of notes and
other premium obllga-
] tlons used In purchase
» of surrendered policies. 5,671 57
' Amount of note» and
S other premium obliga- .
* tlons used ia payment
k of dividends to policy
f holders 89* 90
k Amount of notes and
" other premium obllga-
4 tlons voided by laps*
f of policies 5.8S3 73
I Amcunt of notss and
v other premium obtlga-
1 tlons redeemed by
I maker la <»sl» 13.008 4.
f Total r:-tuetlon of
A Premiucr Note Ac-
' count « 148.333 42
Balanc« note assets
at end of th« year.. 119*659 38
BE.NJ. F. STEVENS. President. -
S. F. TRCLL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before bm this t7ta
day ot February. 1004.
JACOB A. BARBST. Notar* Pqyy»-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- MONDAY, JULY 25, 1905.
8
E_CP_O"Sr__;jrP \S TASTED — Mal©^— Coa.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants position a*
waiter In nice family: city or country; un-
, derstands housework thoroughly and speaK-
well. T. GEORGE, care Japanese. Mission.
1 Chatham place, off Bush st^
AN experienced city salssman wishes grocery
specialty on commission. Box 2174. Call.
CARPENTER wants work: rough or finish-
Ing; city or country. Box 271G. Call.
MAN wa^nts work as laborer. Call at 1S33
Powell st., city.
ELEVATOR operator wants place. O. FARGO.
347 Kfarny st.
CHINESE first-class cook wishes position ia
family; good references. Address box 2798.
Call: phone China 14fl. bet. 10 and 11 a. ni.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants place. 7t4
Washington st
CHINESE, flrst-clais cook, wants place In pri-
vate family. W. FOO. 1006 Stockton st.
JAPANESE; first-class cook; wishes position
• in family; city or country; good references;
$S week ud. C. N.. room 10 4 ISA Post at.
A JAPANESE boy wishes place as schoolboy
withcut room; plain cook and waiter.
YAMADA. 811 Stockton »t,
BRIGHT Japanese student want- position a*
schoolboy In small family; «r>«afcs well; un-
derstands cooking. M. WADA. 513 Hayes st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as
waiter In small family; speaks —ell. KATO.
room 8, 814A Post st
JAPANESE neat and energetic, wants work
for his passage to St Lout* fair; under-
stands gentlemen's care. YOIN. 633 Sutter.
JAPANESE -choolboy wishes ocsttlon in a
small family. I. O.. Japanese Gosoel So-
ciety, 725 Geary st.
YOUNS Japanese boy wants a position as
schoolboy: understands cooking; speaks well.
H. KAWATAKI. box 2748. Call office.
JAPANESE, neat and eneriretic. wants to
work his passage* to St. Louis fair; under-
stands gentleman'* care. YOIN; C33 Sutter.
A JAPANESE young boy wants position as
schoolboy In small family. K. M.. 1225 De-
vlaadero art.; tel. Scott B4S.
I JAPANESE first-class cook wants position la
private family; have references. EMOTO.
110 Go!d»n Gate ave.
NICE Japanese boy wants position as schoolbTy
cr housework; speaks well. M. K., 1431 Bush.
JAPANESE honest boy —ants situation, kitchen
work. Call 861% Clay st, Oakland.
JAPANESE good cool* wants a position. HEN-
RY, 031 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school-
boy or housewcrk. Address 1544 Polk st
JAPANESE wants a position as school boy.
Address U. M.. 811 Stockton St. ;
_ PIVATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find
a place; we never fall; service free.
sterling furniture co..
10t» market st..
opposite McAllister.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It" will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ox. 243- 23a
Geary st. on the square.
UNION. SC6. bet. Mason and Taylor 1 — Na-w!y
*>ullt flat of C rooms and bath; latest Improve-
ments and marine view; rent $35.
CASTP.O. 421. nr. 17th— Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms*; balcony;
grand view; conv. for 2 families; $40; stable.
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new flat: sunny corner:
5 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and 24th-st. cars.
BEAUTIFUL fat; 8 rooms and bath. 7"S
Minna st. near Ninth: $23.
BRODERICK, near Sutter — Elegant, new, mod-
ern flats; abundance of sun and light; key lot.
BUSH, 1209^ — i rooms; rent $11. Appiy
1207A Bush st.
BUSH. 2351, near Pierce — Elegant, modern
flat; every room sunny; 2 toilets, gas, elec.
CAPP. 1086 — New fiat. 6 rooms and bath; ail
rooms frescoed; rent $23.
GROVE, 780^ — Modern middle flat; 8 rooms;
bath; storeroom; adults.
HARRISOX. S23 — Fine modern new flat of 6
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 116 Mcnteomery st
NATOMA. 714 — Flat: 4 sunny rooms; large
yard; $14.
NICE flat of 6 rooms: bath; rent $18. water
Included. Apply 1511 Geary st.
NOE. 151 — 3 rooms, lower flat; kitchen and
bath; rent $1"; furniture for sale cheap.
$22 50 — S ROOMS and bath. 137 JuMan av?..
oft Sixteenth and Mission sts.
$27 50^ — SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 r. and b ;
170S Washington. Umbsen Co.. 20 Montjrmry.
riATSjrp^LET— FXTRl— tS_3__>.
HAlGHT, 12JJS. Buena Vista, cor. CentraTave?
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
he use has all conveniences and ia situated ia
eeieet j.elehborhood.
820 ELIZABETH st: nice furnished flat of 4
rooms: piano; reasonable.
EDDY ">2t — Basement flat; 4 room*; large
yard": $22 50.
PINE. 1953^-Nlcely furnished, Kunny, 8-rootn
flat: piano: reasonable; 6 months to 1 yea r.
r—ATSJFQR^ SA3VE— jgjJja.^igKjm.
FOR sale — A furnished S-room modern flat on
corner; furniture nearly new. Eox lf>bl
Call office.
FOR sale — Furniture of 4 rooms. 613 Steven-
son st.
COMPLETELY furnished flat. 5 rooms far
sale; good neighborhood. Box 2215. Call.
WELL furnished flat. !> rooms, for sale. JS^u.
Address box 2252. Call office.
futaitcia...
7 PER cent pfd Metropolitan Laundry Co. at
U7c per share. Call at 541 Crossley bids-
-fUJt-MA'-L-uB— FOB SALE.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 JO
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture . Co., 340 Post st. near Pow^U.
SIDEBOARD, folding bed. front and back par-
lor carpets and piano for sale. 41S Kyde st.
Anderson Auction House. It) Turk. nr. M.ir«;.
furnishes everything for the hou3e;lo~» jit.cm.
FURNITURE stoves, bought, sold exchuriT^T
Barger. 430 Valencla.nr.lCth.Tel.Church fURSi
PUKJTITUEE WASTED.
~~~"~ abF levy!! '
Salesroom. 1135 Market St. Tel. Jessie 78t.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CKAS. LEVY _ CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture.carpets.etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 413.
HELP WANTED- — rEMALE.
WANTED — Young woman who la an experi-
ence! <iry frodd wrapper. Apply between ft
and •» *. m. at HALE BROS.'
| WANTED— Apprentices to learn halrdressinff
; and roauicurmz: said while learning Apply
I between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE i BROS.'
• WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HAL— BRCW.'
6 LADY barbers wanted; guarantee $li per
•week. COLEMAN'S. Mutual Bank build-
Ing, rw-m 800.
SELECT, practice! millinery school. | estab. 15
.years; all materials furnished; day and even.
Ing class; terms easy. M»; O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A lady to go on a mining trip with
a man and wife; small capital needed. Ad-
dress box 1329. 1008 Market st.
WANTED — A girl fcr housework and cook-
ing. 2423 Fillmore st; call Monday be-
tween Q and 12.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
good pay; steady work. S. KOEN.IGSTEIN
-S First »U
WANTED — Girls for making grape baskets;
pay while learning. Apply Weston Basket
Company. Third snd Berry sts.
FIRST-CLAS3 cook wanted In family of 3-
first-class references required. Bos X734-
CaU office
I syrarroA-visM.
Mra. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
lfag. developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st. Gait House.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 p-jges. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
/ - CIiAIBVOTA-TTS.
AA— Call at once and eave $4. .
My famous $5 readings this week for $1. .
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
1 make no charge if I fail to tell your name, and
whut you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or vweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact, 1 will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so yon will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bcilily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back, your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. - 10 a. m. to 8
p. ni. ; closed Sunday. 32G O'Farrell st, 32ts.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st,- next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and, portrays events to
cccur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business, troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be tojd
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 20c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45C9.
A — Miss M.- Wllle, 230 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to S.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm. :
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L., 50c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st, San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; SVednea-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyantcard
leader: when others fai! try me;sood readings
25c. 721 rrar.klln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads ' life; business ad-
vice; names riven: 25c up. 8 Ellis Et.
MME. ODRLL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er: tea leaves; 2Cc up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card readerria~.~25c,
gents 50c. !)51 Mission at., nr. 6th; open feun.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant: gives names dates.
facts; readings daily. 017 Market, room 3.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-knowri fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st
COMPRESSED Air aiJT^aTmam^iPn^ea-^ow
.universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal; carDets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; price-
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co. 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with yourj work
£>-nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. Scuth 40..
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning «c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone Eaut 12C.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHINO E-KTOVATINQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44, Call fcr and deliver free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The We?kly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
cqi.i.Ecrrio~ or— ices.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., . 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5580.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 60c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from IS per pet: extracting 50c; gas given. *
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grand
building. 100,-. Market st.. room 203; all first-
class "dentistry at low prices. ¦
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up: Crowns.$2 up: fllllngs,2:ic.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York d»n-
tls^s. Dr. Perking. Mgr.. r>C9 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHJSHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r.14. 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver, ZZc: crown*. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND^ SEAMSTRESSES.
MeDOTl'ELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, nunburst and knife-plaltlng. Stew-
a't's button & buttonhole factory .'110 Taylor.
EDXTCATIOITAI..
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
et., between Third and Fourth; more spac*;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEOK.
K. R. AYREb. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship, $50. Day.
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs,. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bdg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Ma-oo.
A— METROPOLITAN Business College. Gram-
mar and High School, 602 Van Ness ave.; as-
sists to employment: free use typewriters at
homes. R. H. WEBSTER, ex-supt., Pres.
COACHING arithmetic a specialty; $1 25 per
week; competent instructor; life diploma.
MRS. M. K. SMITH. SB Pine place, off
Pine ct.. near Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. raln..mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Height;
Individual Inatruc. ; all branches: day; eve.
WESTERN .Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plfte course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.; private.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipslc Conserv-
atory; moderate terms. 346 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College,^ 925 Golden
Gatcave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog or request
-XCHAiraE.
WILL exchange new Smith- Premier typewriter
for part payment on engineer's transit. Box
3801. Call office. -
OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
8. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. Tel. James C26L
A — ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell «t; tel. Main B752.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
. general help. "NATIONAL," BOfl Hearst bid.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon .Senng's. ¦ 411^ O'Karrell: tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Erop. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Taroagaki. mgr. :tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
V Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY - CO.. 640 Clay.
EMFLO ~M-NT WASTED — gEMAIiI!.
(Office hours 8 :C0 a. m. to 5 :30 p. . m.)
A— RELIABLE help of oil nationalities at
MISS PLUNKETT'S Employment Bureau.
425 Sutter st, near Powell; tel. Main 5472.
A— WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
city or country. 321 Mason st. ; phone Black
2396. ,- -••¦'• __
SEWING by the day: good fitter; shirtwaist
.suits made In a day; $2 day. 270 Linden ave.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outing; also for wintex shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for 1-ouFekeeping-; automatic generator for
making- own cas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and moJem: accommodate. 12
people over night; perfect little horn*; owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st
FOR eale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
I located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade •
for rmg.-bs. or "business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
! WANTED— To exchance . income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $S0&0. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR Eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbine; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc. ;
I full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy.
EXCHANGES mado in all kinds of real estate.
- rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x125. with cottage.
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks: every thine first class; on direct car
line; for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. a Eddy st. -.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
cmith business; bor.a fide proposition; v good
reasons for eelllnc. CAMERON & CO.
! $7000— Hotel; 76 rooms; all light rooms; electric
light; water; every room all new; money
I maker. Berg & Armstrong, 318 Kerany st.
$400— PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
$3500— Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, good bargain.
i $225-$3000— Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$8S0-$80O0— Saloon with lease; Good bargain.
$S50-$5000 — Grocery and bars; stand investig.
i BERG & ARMSTRONG, 318 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG, 31S Kearny st.
SALOON, if gold by Monday will sell half or
whole; good chance for right man. BERG
& ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
$125 — ONE-HALF restaurant; snap; must sell.
JS50 — Cigar -store; Ideal location; value In
sight; daily sales $17; rent $55.
$1600— 30-room lodging-house; worth $2500;
$400— Restaurant; factory dist; long lease.
Pacific Real Estate Co., 1015 Market st
A SNAP — 10-room house complete; filled with
rcomers; central.
Also grocery and delicatessen store; living
rooms attached.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Mar-
ket, room 410.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1OO7V4
Market St.. room 1
GOOD OPPORTUNITY— .For sale; fine saloon
where wine Is sold by gallon, quart, pint or
glass; one of best locations In city; large
trade; doing splendid business; owner obliged
to sell account other business in the country;
reasonable, if sold at once. Box 2756 Call.
FOR eale — At a bargain; millinery rtock, fix-
tures and/business located at 700 Fourth st,
San Rafael; excellent location; well estab-
lished business; must be sold. Apply at once
at abov* address.
WANTED — To buy a half Interest in a good
grocery store or grocery and bar; prefer the
partner to be a man thoroughly acquainted
with the business. Addess. with particulars,
box 3290, Call office.
$500 SECURES Interest in established manu-
facturing business; party wanted to help in
factory and attend to shipping; nothing dif-
ficult: large mall order business. 3*7 Fifth
st, city.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and spice route over 18
years' standing: Belling on account of retiring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 119
Front st., between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
$500 — GREAT opportunity for willing man:
clean, pleasant work; large returns; No
triflers need apply. BROOKBANK. 017
Market «t.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; w»
handle unlisted securities; .loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. EUIcctt Square.
Buffalo.
FOR SALE— $7500— Half Interest in a wln»
and liquor business; wholesale and retail; fine
bar trade: trial given. Address box 2789,
Call.
WANTED — Man to furnish and run grill in best
Interior town in California; frood opportunity
for ri_-ht man. Box 2706, Call office.
PARTY with means) to organize stock company;
will pive gocd interest in valuable mining
property near Nome. Box 2752, Call office.
5500 WILL get half interest in valuable patent
necessary device: plenty orders on hand;
large profits. Bex 2753, Call office.
$150— PARTNER wanted; light, profitable busi-
ness; fine store; $500 stock; young man pre-
- fcrred. Marin Investment Co., 235 Kearny.
RARE bargain; splendid old notion store;
must se'l (Immediately): your price; no re-
serve. ORMSBY, 26 Montgomery, room 7.
URGENT — Old established notion store; small
rent; must sell promptly, great sacrifice; re-
ply quick. Box 2777. Call office.
OLD established up-to-date cigar store; cheap;
nice location; lease; low rent; must be sold.
Box 1270, Call office, Oakland.
PHYSICIAN, licensed, with $100 gets dls^
pensary: furniture; good practice; suburb.
1170 Market st. room 11.
$900 — GROCERY, branch bakery; 4 furnished
rooms; exchange country property Box 1630
IOCS Market st.
BUTCHER— One-half interest. $1800, in one
of best equipped markets on the coast Box
2776, Call office.
GROCERY store and bar for sale; an old cor-
ner; the owner is retiring from business.
1131 Howard st.
RESTAURANT for sale, with rooms above;
well rented; trade good; fine location; price
$950. Bos 1008. Call office.
A SALOON end lodging-house for sale; going
to retire from business. Inquire 124 Seventh
5t., Strun»ky Liquor store. |
FOR sale — Saloon fixtures, etc.; good lease;
cheap rent: party obliged to go away. In-
quire 1006-8 Washington st, Oakland.
CORNER candy and notion store; near school;
nice living rooms; good fixtures; mu6t be sold
at once. Call 201 Tenth st., city.
SACRIFICE sale — Restaurant north Market
Ft.; worth $350; must sell; any reasonable
offer takes it See PATERSON, 873 Market
FOR sale — Coal and wood yard; established 16
years; in good locality. Address box 1056,
Call office.
$150 $150 $150 $150 $150
Cigar store; corner; Mon. COAST, 6 Turk.
A— INVEST $500 to $5000; double in three
months; .Investigate. Box 2701, Call office.
$350— STATIONERY and candy store for sale.
101& Fifth et-
FOR sale — First-class naloon. Apply 251 Fell
Ft; no agerits; fine location.
FOR SALE — Notion and stationery store near
6choolhouse. 130(> Ralfrcad ave., Alameda.
$2500— FIRST-CLASS ' saloon. Inquire 618^
Larkin st: rear.
SALOON and grocery for sale reasonable. 80
Potrero ave.. corner Twentieth st
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st
OLD established cigar, sta. and notion; Hvinc
room*; will bear investigation. 110 7th at.
FOR rale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busl-
nees street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th/.
A CANDY store, large fountain, • register and
6afe. separate or aa whole. ' 1427 Market st.
PARTNER with $100 in a good selling article.
See Jessie, 6 Turk et., room 2.
FINE corner saloon for sale; one of . the best
streets. Inquire. 48. First st.
A CIGAR stand and laundry office on Fourth
Et.; clears over $100 a month. Box 2781, Call.
SHOE store and repair shop for sale cheap.
¦'I7C Fourth st
RESTAURANT tor sale cheap. 521 Montgom-
ery street. .. .-... ,
WANTED— To buy a branch bakery; state
price and particulars. Box 2780. Call office.
BUY Abalone Cannery at 50c per share. Call
or write 539 Croesley building.. ;. ,
CIGAR stand for,sale; on a prominent corner
south of Market at. Box 2275, Call office.
FOR sale — Hotel in a growing town In Marln
county; contains 15 bedrooms. Box 1985, Call.
GROCERY store in Fruitvale i for sa!ef~very
low; good cause for »elllns. Box 2244. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WARTEP— Pemale—Con
SITUATION as governess; good English teach-
er; a thorough .needlewoman; rudiment for
music, Latin and Spanish; housework, etc.
Call or address M. A. FAY. 108 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED — General housework; experienced
woman: good plain cook; small family. 30?»
Jessie st. near Fourth.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
housework: good cook and laundress; city or
country. Address box 2707. Call office.
WANTED — In San Francisco or vicinity, board
in private family, school or sanitarium in
exchange for instruction In physical culture,
medical gymnastics or elocution, by an ex-
perienced teacher; best of professional ref-
erences. Address Physical Culture. 575
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
COMPETENT, rellabl". good woman; work by
the day; washing, ironing and houaeclean-
lng; $1 50 a day and carfare or 75c per half
day. Please inquire at 6U4 San Jose ave.,
corner Twenty-ninth st
STRONG, competent American woman, tem-
perate, honest, wants llcht sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress* cheerful
worker; $1 25 and carfare. ISO Fourth St..
first flisht. room 24.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position In American family;
fonrt of children; will go in country; refer-
encet; wages moderate. 794 Folsom st.
YOUNG woman would like to wash socks and
handkerchiefs for men; reasonable; mending
same; called for and delivered. Bex 2747.
Call office.
A YOUNG lady would lik» honest, work; good
at figures; two terms at high school; small
wages at first, with view of advancement
Box 2720. Call office.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, a place
for light housekeeping or nursing; terms rea-
sonable. Address 232 Francisco st. near
Dupont, corner alley.
A FATHKR wants place In country for-14-year-
oM girl to take care of baby in exchange for
good homo board; strict American family.
Box 2303. Call office. .
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
houseclcanlnjr. $1 50 and car fare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
BY a reliable woman with a boy 8 years, ai
housekeeper; r.o objections to the country. )
31 Lafayette, off Mission, bet. 11th and 12th.
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes housekeeper's position. $25 up. Ad-
dre"<3 box 23S0.yCa!l office.
GOOD dressmaker will reduce her price from
?'_• 50 to $1 75 a day during the dull season;
references. Address 2S45A Mission st.
-WANTED — Position as housekeeper; have ex-
perience with children. Address box 2726.
Call office.
WOMAN wants sweeping or light washing" or
work by day or hour: 20 cents an
hour. Call or address SCl l j Mission st.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes work by the day
cr at home: $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl St.,
between Valencia. Market and Thirteenth.
WANTED — A position by a first-class seam-
stress and upstairs girl: references; wages
$25 to $30. Box 2475. Call.
A YOUNG woman with references wants bouse
cleaning by the day, $1 50 and car fare.
7U0 McAllister st.: basement.
A NEAT, responsible housekeeper, with a
child 0 months old. wishes position; country
preferred. 55S Stockton st.
A LADY would like to care for residence dur-
ing absence of owners. 2110 McGee at,
Berkeley.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home-. 2035
Polk st.
COOK wishes a situation. AL NAUDE, 1523
Powell st.
A FIRST.-CLASS dressmaker will work after-
noons; 75c. Box 2 100, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by German girl as house-
keeper. Box 2463, Call office.
WANTED — Position by a young lady for any
kind of work. MISS B., 301B Seventh st
SITUATION as a cock. 102 Austin are.
YOUNG girl wishes position aa governess.
Box 2473. Call office.
POSITION as waltresa: short hours. Box 23S3.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as hotel manager; fifteen
years' experience. Box 2391, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by th«
day. 746 Howard st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ata.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED— MALE.
BARBER wants a steady place in 10c shop,
afternoons, Saturday and Sunday; percent-
age. Address box 3991, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as choreman In private
family; understands care of horses, cows,
chickens, etc.; is abie and willing to do hard
work; will book 'or steady work the year
round; will cotne well recommended by Ia3t
employer, where I served 3^ years; will
serve a mining or logging ramp or any other
Institution; $10 and board. Box 2751. CaJI.
WANTED — Any good steady chorework or
caretaker, suburbs or small country town,
help around place of trust, either aged in-
valid Or kind people only, by young, com-
petent, reliable New York State. American,
willing man. 34: best habits; references: no
teamster; can milk; reasonable wagf_ Ad-
dress P. J. F.. box 2468. Call office.
AN experienced buyer and manager is open
for an engagement; general merchandise:
specialty, clothing, hats, furnishing goods;
can manage men and handle stock to make
I money; principals only. Box 2765, Call.
AN elderly man. best references, wishes posi-
tion as elevator runner or watchman; speaks
and writes English, French and German.
Box 2745. Call office.
THOROUGH mechanical draughtsman, good
designer and detailer: 16 years' experience;
mining, stationary and general work; wishes
work at home. Address box 2737, Call
MECHANICAL draughtsman: good drsipner
and detailer: IS years' experience: mining,
stationary, power plants, factories: wants
position or work at home. Box 27u5, Call.
GERMAN, sober, reliable, understands care of
horses, garden, etc.; can miik; wants situa-
tion on private place; city or country. Box
2480. Call office.
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and
strictly reliable, with knowledge of book-
keeping and business experience, wants po-
sltlon; references. Box 2397. Call office.
SOBER man wants place do chores: under-
stands horses; can milk; also housework:
moderate wages: good home preferred. . Box
271S. Call office.
A POLITE Japanese, who can do plain cook-
ing, wishes situation as schoolboy: speaks
English : references. S. K.. 1320 Pine st:
tel. Larkin 2611
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man would
like position as manager of hotel: any sUe.
Address T. C. KING. Hotel Sequoia. 803
Geary st.
YOUNG man wants position as fireman around
Institution; city or country: steady and
handy. Box 2375, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS machinist and dlexnaker
wants position: expert on tools; references
given. Box 2SSG. Catl office.
UPHOLSTERER. G»rman. speaks little Er.s- j
llsh understands the whole furniture busi-
ness. SCHMITT. 16 Moss st.
WANTED — By steady, industrious young man.
position as shipping clerk; experienced; best
city references. Address box 2382, Call.
MIDDLE aeed, active man wants position as
watchman or Janitor; strictly temperate;
bond if required; references. Box 2780. Call.
POINTER, paper-hanger and tlnter; first class;
"has all tools: will work reasonable. Ad-
• dress 529 Geary st: phone Larkin 1203.
WANTED— Light employment of any klnJ.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
BARBER wants position in city or country.
Address box 2471, Call office. /
WANTED — A position as bartender. si
WOLF. 36 Fourth st
PORTER wants lob. 215 Stevenson «t.
PLATEN pressman wants position. Address
A. B. C. 152) O'Farrell st
SITUATION in dry goods house. Box 2717.
Call office. ' -
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply F.
NELSON. 714 Bush rt. . . ¦
WANTED— Situation in bathhouse. T. H.
BLACK.;. 3G Fourth st __¦*«
WANTED-VBY first-class bookkeeper, set of
book* to keep evenings. Box 2739, Call, i
WANTED— A position as clerk. Box 2724. Call
office. BMtfgjffi— * 3 " < ™ S 1 '
BTTS— S_SS CHANCES — Cont— med.
GROCERY and bar for sale; on one of the
best corners - in the -city; near Market st;
must SKI on account of sickness and having
to leave the city. Address box 2204. Call.
A BRANCH office of. The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.- opposite Fifth.
Open until 11-p. m. • - . ¦
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Mark-t and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room, long
lease, ur> to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chfnce of
lifetime to get first-class house that Is clearing
$350 to ?450 at bargain has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming ton-
clave; owner obliged to leav^ for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us.
7-room modern flat, close In. well furnished;
cost $G00; at barcaln if sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flr3t-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price 51500.
32 rooms; chcaD rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything in
Jlrat-clRss condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now .$200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to 5^50 p«r month; here is
best proposition In city; price $3200.
18 rooms; rent $6. r i- best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $800.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial hous;
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
S-room flat; rent $45; close in: oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
90-room, new, modem 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 3 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sk-kness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East st. ; rent only $IS;
good furniture and carpets; everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $300.
24 rooms; rent $14.": new and elesantly fur-
nished; oak and mahosany; fine proposition;
good lease.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cneap
rent; fine lease, paying $j(H> to $(iC0 psr month;
close in; full nice, peoole; bargain if taken al
once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cfreaD rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shapo; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150: reduced to 5'JSOO.
10S rooms: cheap rent; nsw and elegantlj
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fln»
far; can be run In conjunction if desired; rare
chanc« for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
75 rooms; grand new- building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent_j/) years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $1000 down, balance S
per cent p«r annum; departure.
14 rooms; rent $75; good location on Geary
st; well furnished;j_6nap at $700.
125 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business: only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $100 per
month; call for particulars.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business fcr exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
MARION GRIFFIN,
400. Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market ets. . Tel. Black 3G07.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
85 ROOMS; men roomers; rent $225; new house;
new ¦ furn. ; long lease. Marion Griffin.
FIRST-CLASS FURNITURE, new carpets 20
large rooms; rent $85; strictly respectable;
profits $75 mo.; price $1600; part cash: nr.
Geary, on sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
CLEAN AS A PIN — 15 rooms; new furniture;
downtown; come and buy at your own price;
boni* fide. MARION GRIFFIN.
-TRANSIENT— Extra well furnished; quiet; 30
rms.; lease; clears $250; could clear ?400;
price. ?3000; part cash. M. GRIFFIN.
20 ROOMS: Sutter st; cheapest rent in city;
guaranteed to clear $90 mo.: highly respect-
able; gift at $1500. MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN HUNTERS, here's your chance:
$700 house for $300. MARION GRIFFIN.
$800; PART cash; 14 rooms; well furnished;
nice house and well located. M. GRIFFIN.
SO ROOMS with elegant furniture; fine corner
on Sutter st, clearing $175 monthly; hlgh-
class roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
140 ROOMS; first-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month; noth-
ing in San Francisco outside - of i the St.
Francis Hotel will equal it In point of fur-
nishings; every room an outside room;
steam heated and every known modern con-
venience; if you are looking for one of the
city's best business opportunities on ea?y
terms, get full particulars from
MARIONt GRIFFIN.
SEE our list of bargains before buying; we
can suit you. MARION GRIFFIN.
5400; 10 ROOMS; 10 furnished, 8 unfurnished;
desirably located; broken arm Is reason for
selling; clean; new house; If this doesn't
sutt, what on earth do you want for your
money? MARION GRIFFIN.
115 ROOMS; San Francisco's swellest transient
house; new modern building; furnished
throughout with the best weathered oak,
blrdseye maple and mahogany furniture;
bouffe, grill and bar; chance to make for-
tune In a short time: MARION GRIFFIN.
RELIABLE Information concerning apartment-
houses In S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
103 ROOMS; 8-year lease; $400 mo. profit;
cor, house; downtown. M. GRIFFIN.
40-ROOM hotel; located In heart of the city's
fashionable neighborhood: money-maker and
desirable home; particulars from M. Griffin.
52 ROOMS; corner house; every room occupied;
$175 mo. profit; lease; price $4000; Vi cash.
$£50 BUYS, this week only. l!}-room house,
centrally located, well furn. and worth $1500.
$1100; 19 rooms, newly furnished, and all th»
cash required Is $300. MARION GRIFFIN.
$800 IS all I'm asking for my 20-room house;
well furnished; absolutely worth double this
amount and clearing now, the dull season of
year, ?75 per mo. MARION GRIFFIN.
if you do not see what you' are
looldn; for on this list, call at 'office; no
trouble to eive information; 1000" places to
select from. MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
315 room*, low rent, country transient. 5000
31 rooms, rsnt only $55 600
40 rooms, rent $70, transient ........ 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room............. 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and, all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
• ' MITCHELL & CO..
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 29S1.
Rooming-houses*, hotels and flats; wll sell any
house; part cash; balance easy payments.
B0-ROOM apartment-house ; new ; modern ; im-
posing entrance; beautiful suites :. all light
and sunny; lease: rent$0 room:' elevator not
necessary; clears $250 monthly. Box 3168. Call.
EXCHANGE for flat— One lady has : 14-foom
v house, another 16 rooms, another 18 rooms,
another 27- rooms. Box 1S33. Call, office.
FOR • Rale — Apartment house, ' 24 rooms; fine
location: furniture all nearly new. Box 2214,
Call office. '-_-;:
16 ROOMS . handsomely , furnished - for house-
keeplng; must sell ; very cheap. 101CB Post.
FOURTEEN rooms ch^ap: no reasonable i iffer
refused. 212 Fifth at '
FURNISHED house of 10 rooms for sale; price
$550; going away. (725 Polk at. ¦ ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ATTOS"T!YS-AT-_AW.
Pt~W. KINO. Attorney-at-Lew. Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on ail Je/jal matters; divorces a
Fpe-ci&lty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
mining companies organized :patents obtained;
G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market St.; estab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
yrv. practice: refs. from many thousand* of
soldiers, sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secure d pensions.
DIVORCE^ — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
frc-e; all law busintfis; no charge unless suc-
cottful; «ipea evenings. W Market, room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r.S3.
ADVICE fr*e: divorce cost? $12; all cases.
Room 465. Parrctt bid?.. B55 Market st
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st; consultation
free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pensions*— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & I^EXSION AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
AUT0M0BII.-S.
FOR 6ale — First-class runabout for 2 or 4 pas-
eengers; 10 horsepower: double opposed gas
engine. L. D. GANDION. 102 Phelan bldg.
SECOND-HAND automobiles; first-class condi-
tion; runabouts, touring cars at bargain
price*. Address box 2733. Call office.
FOR 6ale — Knox runabout. 1003 pattern; first-
class condition; owner leaving town; a bar-
gain. Address box 23S9. Call office.
MILWAUKEE automobile (steam) for sale;
good running order. Box 3291. Call office.
BARGAIN — CADILLAC; seats four; canopy
top; In fine condition. Box 2331, Call office.
FOR sale — A White Stanhope with buggy top;
used very little; price $675. Box 2209, Call.
OLDSMOBILE for tale at a sacrifice. Address
box 2245. Call office. *
FOR sale — Rambler touring car. Box 1914,
Call office.
FOR stale— Covert runabout; nearly new. Ad-
dress box 19C0. Call office.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk. $5 each;
largest variety degs, birds, cages, etc., at low
prices. 1544-46 Market st
LITTLE girl not und^r 5 years .could have
room and board by a lady In Western Addi-
tion, 2 blocks from school; a mother's care.
Box 2304, Call office.
GOOD home for children; best of references;
mother's care. 310 Fifth ave., -Richmond dist.
GOOD care for one or two children; country.
£42 Jessie St.
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN. S57 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.^
A— $400 SALOON on Turk st; net rent $150; 5
years 1-ease; elesantly fitted up place and
KOOd paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
ilii'/j Kearny st.
A— $750 GROCERY and bar with 5 living
rooms; rent $-S; vicinity of Harrison and
Fourth sts. ; value in sight See K. G.
WILKE, 2ti'4 Keainy st.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery: daily sales
about *50; new wagon, ''1 horses, etc.; rent
$45; stock at invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business ofier. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
Sti?4 Kearny st.
A— $700; SALOON, with rooms; rent $27 60;
cstabl. years; this is a good place for man
and wile; location the best. Call R. G.
WILKE. 1'UVi Kearny st.
A — 12690; OOKNEB grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; place
established years and first-class paying; full
value in sight fcee R. G. WiLKE. 20>.i
Ktarny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ;
cash trade; rent $->0; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 2tS}4 Kearny st.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will take a partner for $S0<JO;
this is a most beautiful and *best located
first-class paying place In this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny st '
A — $0500; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
tlass paying lager beer saioons o£ this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st
A— $lS00; ROADHOUSE, with iine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc.;
s. well-ad vei Used and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st
A — $t^pO; CORNER Falcon. with 4 years'
lease; about % block from Market and Ellis-
Ets.; place doing a rushing business; value
In sight; owner must leave for the East.
gee R. G. WILKE. 26& K«-arny gt. ~
A— ?S10; CORNER saloon; rent $.'50; located
about I block scuth of Market and Powell
•ts. ; a cood busmess: owner engaged in
othT busin.-ss cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2C'/fc Kearny st.
A — $2(it0: CORNER paloon with 4 years' leas*
In wholesale district; owikt bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-clasg paying place. See It. G. WILKE,
2«:4 Kearny st.
A— $1000: RARE chance, rare' chance rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael: dally re-
ceipt* f2.->; rent $30; cood business; value
in 5icht; patronized by best class of people.
fce<? R. G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON in the Potrero, witti 6
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
pood buFincbs; Investigate: this Is a rare
char.ee. R. G. WILKE. 2C^4 Koarny st
A — $800: CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business: sur-
rounded by wholesale houses: no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny.
A— J4.VX): SALOON, located In WatsonvIIle;
rent $47 CO; a years' lease; a splendid chance;
th»e arc only 25 saloons allowed in ths
'o-w-;}. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26'-'.
Kegrny st.
A— S2SC0: LEADING hotel in the best business
•own SO miles from city; 40 rooms: bar and
Alning-nxna; lone lcr.se; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior. Call R. G.
WILKE, Kearny st.
A— $5100; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value in
sight: one of the best offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearrcy st. •
A — $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
r^Et paying corner saloons in this city;
diily receipts about $10; place clears net
.'.bove $300 cer month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A— $1000: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis anl
Stockton Ets.: rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: flrst-ciats business. Call R G
WILKE. •2{j*i. Kearny st-
A— $1700; HOTEL v.-ith bar, dining-room,
kitchen and ."JO rooms: piano, «te. ; finest loca-
tion ac;oss the bay. See R. G. WILKE, WK
l\«"ansy" «t. \
A— $3300 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch: on Montgomery st. vicinity of
California; niace must b? secriflced on ac-
count, of ill health of owner. See R. O
WILKK 2<ji; Kearny st
fipOO— CIGAR and notion store; clearliig~$Too
monthly; 4 large rooms; furnished; low rent !
$:«0 — Oyeter houw and restaurant
$150f> — Restaurant, coffee and lunch house.
$75— Ciftar stand; nice location.
$2000 — Grocery: good family liquor trade.
A large list of rooming houses and business
chances always on hand. For particulars
Inq. Merchants' Agency, 1008 V4 Market st
A GOOD paying bakery; fine family trade;
long lease; rent only $15 per month; every-
thing in first-class condition; a good oppor-
tunity for a. practical baker; only ?U00 ca«h
required. HAWKS & MEHRTENS, Seventh
street and Railroad avenue. Alameda,
GOOD paying bakery; fine store trade; for
tale at a great sacrifice. HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave.. Aiametfa.
$4f.00 BUYS a well established. Rood paying
confectionery business In Los Angeles; situ-
ated in one of the best locations In the city;
long lease and cheap rent; will" inventory
much mere than aEked; must be eold at once,
owing to death in firm. For full particulars
address WOODWARD-BENNETT CO. 209
West Fourth St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
A— KREDO & CO. 765 Market st.
$475— Chicken ranch; stock invoice.
$450 — Branch bakery and groceries; snap.
$1100 — Saloon: 7 furn. rooms; 3 years' lease.
1S50 — Grocery and bar; invoice price.
$1200— Hotejl; city. $1000— Hotel; country.
Many others at, KREDO & CO.'S.
$4000 — GENT'S furnishing goods, stationery,
notions and variety store; established 15
? years; 6-year lease; transfer corner; full
i value; cash business and paying: rent, ac-
count of lease, very reasonable;- a bargain;
wholesale houses as references. Union Busl-
nefcs Exchange. 093 Market st ,
JOIIX D. SPRECKELS. . . .Proprietor
A3dre*s Communications to
JOIIX McN'AUGIlT. . . . .... -^ajggg
\V. J. MARTIX... . Business Manager
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department lou A\ isn.
Publication Offlee Mhrket and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Dcnvrred by Carriers. 20 Ct*. Per Week, 75
Cte. Per Month. Pinsie Copies 5 Cts.
Term* by Mall Inciud'r.fc' Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL (lne'.ud. Sunday). 1 year. . ..$S.OO
DAILY CALL (inelud. Sun.iayi, 0 mot... 4.W
DAILY CALL- -By Slrcie Month .5c
*i:NDAY CALL, 1 Year 2.50
V. KEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1.00
I Daily... $S.8O Per Yesr Extra
FOREIGN .; euniiay. 4.15 Per Yeer Extra
POSTAGE. I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
MaJl eubscr'.bees in ordering change of ad-
tfrrfF jhould be pertlrular to erive both NEW
AND OLD AZ>DRE£?S In order to insure a
I ron:pt and correct compliance with their re-
Quett
OAK_ANI> OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street Telephone North 77
t .-
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
U:*:en Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
tsue Hotel and HcfTrosn House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehercaan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel: Paln-.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATI VB:
C. GEORGE KRO<iNE»SS..M«rauette Building
(Long Instance Telephone, "Central 261i>.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of th* f San Francisco
'"all, corner Market and Third Ftreets; open
i-ntil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100*i Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p m.
627 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open
until 9:30 p. ro. «
£00 Hayes Ftreet; cpen until U:SO p. m.
139 McAlliFtrr street; cpen until 9:30 p. ns.
<¦}.'¦ I>a rkm street; opfn ur.til U:."0 p. m.
3«41 _:ssier. Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
2£f:l Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until 9 p. m.
3W Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
i<XK> Valencia street: op«n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open ur.til 9 p. m.
Northwest coir.er of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: ot>en until I 1 p. m.
£200 Flllmore Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
ag-ZT-JTO
ASYLUM cf Golden Gate Commandery fr-
N ><*> K. T.. >"Z~> Sutter st.— S^i-cia! g$3T
assembly THIS EVENING at 7 El
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra- >2p
ters are courteously Invited. By or-
der of the Commander.
THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1, Royal > »fSf
Arch Mascr.5, meet THIS EVENING. /V \
I-erre. t. H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
HERMANN Lod«-»> No. 127. F. and A. m
M. — Called meeting: THIS MAY "VSr*
(MONDAY). July 11H14. at 7:3<>
o'clock p. m. Decree 1. By order of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
FAIRMONT Ledce No. 1CS. K. of P.. _j«
meets MONDAY ITVENINGS in *3r§k.>
riont-er building. 24 Fourth st
Visiting brothers' welcome. Ar?>3?
H. P. LUCE. C. C. JS^\.
MEMBERS of SaJ! Francis-
co Camt) No. 437, Wood- "fa
rr>n cf the 'VV't-!.: — \".-u v^A,^* i " !&%,
v::i jk^.-f take notice f*?=^S/Sf WrM^JJ
t:..-it :i:* fur.eral c,* our fc-^j-jgjiiififyr
late neighbor MATHEW *««i_~~^
J. GOLDEN will take place at his residence,
No. Klia Sixteenth street, at 1 p. ni. MON-
IiAY. July '25. U04. You are earnestly re-
quested to be present. Y^urs fraternally,
D. GIRDWOOD.
Attest: H. J. McCLINTOCK. Clerk.
COURT Wici-vFdale No. 7SC.". A. O. F.. y
will assemble at Craig, Cockran tt \t jk
Co.'?. 411' Golden Gat« ave.. TL'KS- __f
DAY, Ju'.y 2«. at USD p. m., to at- !j57
tend the funeral ct our late K£>
brother P. C. R.. JAMES B. IRWIN.
D. W. KNIGHTON. Chief Ra.ngcr.
THE annual mectintr cf the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company or California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 223 Crocker baildins. City and County
cf San Kramifco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the %th day of February. l'Jul, at j
the lxur of II o'clock a. m., fcr the purpose
«f electir.; directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as
n:ay cume before said meeting. Dat«d at
San Francisco. Cai.. January 23. 1WH.
S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until April
11th. 1904, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. 8. 11)04. S. D. FRESHMAN, Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until July
i:th. l!>04. at 11 o'clock a. m.
April 11. 1004. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until Septem-
ber 12th, IMC at 11 o'clock a. m.
Ju'.y 11. 11M/4. S. D. FRESHMAN, Sec'y.
.THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived cpr.iicaticns to mine by hydraulic
procc-ffc frum E. A. Moody, in Good Luck
mine, near Go'.d Run. Placer County, Cal
rfrainir.g into Squires Creek, which reacnes
Bear River, and Jrom Eagle Ban Placer Min-
ir.g Co.. Limited, in Eagle Bar Placer mine,
near Forest Hill. Placer County, Cal.. drain-
tr.g into :: . '.il\< fork of American River, gives
Bctic* that m«-eting will be held at room 96,
Flood building, San Francisco Cal.. Aug. L
"904, et 1 ::i0 a. m.
ANNUAL mtc'ing — The liisdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
i-tockhold-.rs of the Ri?dcn Iron and Locomo-
t!>* Works, fcr the election of trustees for
:r.e enduing year a::d the tran?sctlon of sucu
ether business as may be brought before the
ir.ccthiK. »;;] 1,«» i-.'ld at the ofSca of the
compsny. No. 2US Steuart street, San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 1st day of August
VjOi. at 11 a. ia •*-
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from W. J. Berry, Theodore Rupley
at_ Bruce Graham in Eu(»r Pine mine, near
lino Grande, El Dcrado County, Cal.. drain-
ing into Silver Creek, which reaches Ameri-
can niver, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room 91, Flood building. San Fran-
clsco. Cal.. August 8. 1904. at ) :30 p. m.
EPRBCKJTLS Sugar Company. NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
t meeting c' the stockholders of the Spreckels
Sujrar Company w'.ll be held ar the office
rf the company, 327 Market st, San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 25th day of July,
J3C4. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the pur-
pose ©f electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
oa Friday. July 22. 1904. at 3 p m
W. H. HANNAM." Secretary.
liONTEREI County Water Company. NoUc«
cf annual meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing ef the Etockholden of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at th-
..ffiee of the company. 327 Market st. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 26th day of
July. 1905. at the hour of 11:30 a. m fcr
lhe purpose cf electing .a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for th«
transaction of soch other business as may
cense before the meeting. The transfer books
will close en Friday, July 22. 1804. at 3 p m.
H W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call.- 16 paces, sent to any addresa in the
' United State? or Canada on« . year for SI.
WAgT-P. .
AGENTS wanted to sen oar hlrh-grade nur-
**ry clock; liberal commission; cash advanced
on orders; outfit free; exj>erience and capital
cot Dcceeeary If you have push and energy -
a few choice fields etill opes; write before
aerigned. " Chico Nursery Co.. Chlco. Cal.
ACTIVE, Intelligent, capable agents (men or
women) to eell on installments; approved
eecuritiei; idl readily; good pay for right
v agents. Apply 501 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.
TO make money selling "Our Pioneer*": mag-
nificent In etyle; Indian stories to Panama
caaal: exclusive territory. CEO. W. WIL-
_LIAMS. CC2 East Twelfth *t. East Oakland.
WANTED — Good jubscrlption canvassers; men
or women; salary guaranteed to competent
parties. 207 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.
— ST— 3tA B-MEPT. ~
A. Dt Nola'a Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
lx; 10c. 25c. We. 1602 Market. St Nlcholaa.
Vr^.! 1 f^ A 1\1 m 1 V' C^\L V) QTvI' I ..¦y'-W.it.H'. EQUAL . FACILITY BY PLACING
i \_J K_J V>r\lN JL) V_J 1 V / I \ O __/ !_/ 1__ THE RIGHT SORT OF AN ADTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY, 25, 1904.
9
P-BSONALS— -Continued. J
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
' PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 310 Eddy s t. ; phone - Polk 4611.
Mrs.C.V.Whltney.palmlst; hours 10 to 12, 2 to
5; parties, entertainments a speclalty.711 Folk.
' ' PATEWTS. ' ¦
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
'% PHYSICIANS AUX» STJKGEONS.
DrT C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases ot women.
BLOOD, skin and recta! diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^4 Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary 6t.. near Leavenworth.
, DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li.Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls- j
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74G-8 Clay st.
, DR WONG HON. 319 Powell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
1 BEA_, ESTATE— CITY— rOB SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.
<KJS MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY JULY 26, lOOt
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
South line of H St., S2:0 feet east of Ninth
ave., 23x100 f*et. The property is sewered
and side sewered; street on official grade.
OCEAN BOULEVARD BUILDING LOTS.
EE corner of Forty-ninth ave. and K st.,
1 through to Forty-eighth ave.. 7 desirable
! building lots; lot 30 foot frontage on Forty-
ninth ave., improved with 2 stores and 3-room
flat; will be sold In subdivisions.
NEW FLATS.
Northerly line of B st. 137 feet east of Fourth
ave.; lot ;MxO5 feet; improvements consUt of
2 new flats containing 5-0 rooms, porcelain
baths, large reception room, electric lights
I throughout, tiled bath room: elegantly finished
1 throughout; rent $52 50 per month; can be
bought on easy terms.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
No. 207 Duncan st., being the SW corner of
Dolores and Duncan sts.— Lot 51:6x114 feet with
L off Duncan st. C2x4S feet; improvements |
consist of a desirable residence containing 6
rooms and bath
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No 2216 California St.. west ot Buchanan —
Lot 27:6x137:0 feet; Improvements consist of a
2-story residence of 12 rooms, porcelain bath,
2 toilets; the place is in excellent condition.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. i:«(i-3S-40 Chestnut St., east of Frank-
lin: Imurovements consist of 3 fiats of 5-4-4
rooms and bath; rent $49 per month; lot 27:6x
137:6 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 461-461 5^-4aiA-46.'J-4B:;V ; --463A Minnast..
east of Sixth, being between Fifth and Sixth
sts — Lot 30x75 feet; improvements consist of
6 flats of 5-5-5-5-6-6 rooms; brick foundation
of 3 feet; rent $107.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
. Southerly line of West ave., 143:9 feet east
of Mission st. — 5 building lots. Including the
SW corner of West ave. and Patton st.
MISSION CORNER.
SW corner of Hoffman ave. and Twenty-
fourth St.. 25xS5 feet — An unsurpassed view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
West line of Goettlngen st.. 100 feet north of
SIHiman, being between Silliman st. and Sliver
avo. — Lot 50x100 feet; Improvements consist of
a new cottaee containing 6 rooms and porce-
lain bath; finished basement; rooms all expen-
sively papared and frescoed; large stable for
eight horses, hay loft, etc. ; take the Folsom-
st. car and transfer at Twenty-eighth and Fol-
som sts. to the San Bruno road cars.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
No. 232 Third ave.. south of California st. —
Lot 27:6x120 feet: improvements consist of an
elegant 2-story residence containing 9 rooms
and bath; high basement; about 2 years old:
modern in every respect.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
63S Market Street.
PROPERTY OWNERS. ATTENTION!
At the recent meeting ot the B.ard of
Equalization, the ass-ysed valuation of your
cliy property, has been greatly Increased In
some localities' and lowered in others. For
the small fee of $3 we will obtain for you
the present correct assessed valuations of
your property.
A. H. HERRMANN. Room 160, Crocker, bidg.
$6T>00^ — ON account of bank foreclosure; two
elegant, new, modem flats containing six and
five rooms, rentinz for $tJ2 50 per month;
. situated on the north side of Sacramento St.,
near Walnut; bank mortgage $:i:J0O: thi3
property m<«st be sold; investigate this at
once. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 301-302 Ex-
aminer building.
FIRST time en the market, 4 fine level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner lsth
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
' sidewalks: 2 car lines; Just the place for
houses or flats; only $00 per front foot.
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
$1 25 PER week; no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level; no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
f 1800— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; lot 25x114, with
coal business, horses, wagons; all goes.
$lS00 — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 338 Val-
ley st.; lot 23x106: $500 down, balance easy
terms. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3C03 Mission st.
FOR sale — Flno sunny bay-window residence.
8 rooms, bath and laundry: 2 toilets; beauti-
ful garden in front and back: tents and ham-
mocks. Apply owner., 2C. 1 Pine st.
THREE elegant new, modern and up-to-date
flats for sale on southeast corner of Eight-
eenth and Diamond sts. DAVID CONDON,
builder and owner, on premises.
COTTAGES with all modern improvements ;
terms same as rer.t. Apply lumber yard,
cor. Army and Condon sts.
AIX work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S"6 Howard st.
SAW MATEO SEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Faif Oaks; water and good
reads; last of this property left; V* cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
' splendid garden and . magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition;
1 for sale at a bargain: 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land In best part of this dis-
trict: well sheltered and wooded: in tracts of
• from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
building immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
• Telephone Main 673. 116 California st.
' LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electric
cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
' and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights,
; etc. : 60-foot lots . from $325 to $40O; terms.
$10 down and $10 a month; get off at "Lomlta
Park" and Investigate; maps 6ent on appli-
cation.
» SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
1 Tel. Msin 673. 116 California st.
' POINT BICEMOITDJBEAL^STATE.
'. aXtA^PUNtXtraCT. at Stege, on Santa Fe
and electric road3; land $300 per ace; lota
50x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments;
aend for maps. etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st-.S.F
r ;^_^__ _ — _— ' ___————— " ——————
[ SEAL ESTATE TO EXC-CAXTQE.
' REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
-. F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-808 CALL BUILDING.
, ' It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of relnvest-
I ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our long experience in this business enables
! us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The enly condition we
. make Is that your property, if you wish us to
dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
". take up either oar time or your own with
• worthless offerings, or property so heavily
s mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
» If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
; bring a description of same to our office, «at-
' Ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
• change, and you will be surprised how quickly
• we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
- the only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
' vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
. cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
» cept.
- $2300 EQUITY- In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly improved
• • or unimproved country property in the Bus-
alan River section; Berkeley property con-
sists of 9-room residence, lot 45x134. with
; . stable and chicken-house; atone walks, grav-
1 eled drive; In desirable residence section;
1 near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4327. Call office.
•_ an elegant new 10-room house in a fine loca
¦ tlon' in Oakland to exchange for land or lots
; P. C. LASSEN & CO., 460 Tenth st, Oak
land." Cal.
BOOMS TOB HOPS-gEXPTaTQ — Con.
HARRISON, 731 — Three rooms furnished for
housekeeping; large yard: rent $13.
HARRISON. 74S — Housekeeping room. $7; gas,
laundry; 2 furnished rooms, $3 and $7.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny front room furnished
light housekeeping, for 1 person $1 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suits; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rates rgas.
LARKIN. S10V, — Larse sunny front room;
light housekeeping [i desired; reasonable.
LIBRARY bldg. Van Ness and Golden Gat»
avea.— Suites a'nd sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
MCALLISTER. 6S3— 2 large unfur. rooms for
housekeeping; regular kitchen: call before 4.
MISSION. 913 1»— Housekeeping suites and sin-
gle rooms; sunny.
OAK. 117. 638 McAllister— Rcoms. complau;
$5 to $12: gas range, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 month; bath: sunny and clean.
See Sundays or 6 p. m. week days.
PAGE 22S— In a modern Rat; newly furnished
parlor suit*: brass b»<1; everything up-to-
date: use of kitchen, dining-room, bath and
phone: very small family; very reascnabla
to tho right party.
PEARIa 3. corner Market — 2 furnished houa»-
k^eping rooms: $11. $13. $14; no children;
phone.
POLK. 612 — $14; large back rnom. arcall
kitchen; gaa stove; ba!h;cal! forenoon ;phcne.
SACRAMENTO. 14."W— ,1 nicely fur. rms. ; front _
back parlors, kitchen; gas stove, bath, phone.
SECOND. 434 — Two nice large rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping.
j SEVENTH. 191 — Bay-window housekeeping
rooms.
___
SEVENTH. 436 — t aunny housekeeping rooma.
SIXTEENTH. 3074. nr. Market— Large unfur.
I rm. ; running water; suitable for housekpr.g-
| STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Two or three connect-
ing rooms; running water, gas range; com-
plete.
THE Virginia. 1CC5 Powell st.— Complete far
hskpg.: furn. or unfurn. apartments; bay win-
dow, marine view. bath, range. Phona Red 89-
"THE APOLLO."K:« Eddy— 2 & 3 r. suites;
private bath, electric lights: $23 to $40.
TURK, 1147 — Elegant new unfurnished rooms:
sunny; select location. Apply 10 to 4.
VAN NESS ave.. 232 — Furnished housekeep-
ing 2 and 3 room suites; $10. $16. $20.
VAN NESS ave., 1410— Sunny front suite with
use of bath, phone, etc.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements ac<3 subscriptions has beea
tpened at IOCS Market St.. opposita Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APABT-T-IHT HOPS--.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jaekscn st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1330.
BOOMS TO LET— Farn. and TJnXnr— .
! A— BRUNSWICK House, 14$ Sixth St.— Roomj
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
j AT "The Almonte." 873 Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rconyi. 23c. &Oc. $1. $1 5O night;
$1 SO to $10 week: house open a", eight.
AVERY. 29. off Geary, near Flllmore — Sunny
parlor in new flat, $S.
BURNETT. 1423 Market (old No. 13(V4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BU?H. PRO — Parlor suite with running water;
rent single if desired.
DEVISADERO. 1317 — Nice aunny furnished
room.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant single and double rooms;
ger.ta preferred, or light housekeeping.
oEDDY. 432 — Nice sur.ny furnished rooms; good
location; modern and reasonable.
I ~ ~~~~~~"""~— ~~""~ ~~~~~ "" ————"—"¦ — —
I ELLIS, 62— Furnished rcomaL
ELLIOTT PARK. 9. nr. Geary and Stelner —
Furn-unfurn, I or 2 rooms, $6 to $10.
F1LLM0RE, 1021 — Nicely furnished sunny
double rooms; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. near O. O. ave. — Sunny fur-
nished front rooma; all conveniences: $11_$1— ,
GEARY. 141S — Nicely furni3hed front rooms:
pleasant heme.
! GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S3o
to $1 23 night: $1 SO to $a wk. : reading-rm.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooma at low
rates: 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 week.
JESSIE. 36T5. east U. S. Mint — Lute* front
runny room. 2 beds. $S; single $5 month.
KEARNY. 313 — Newly furnished rooms; en
suite or single: $5 up.
MARKET. 7S3^~ — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 993— Furnished room—
MARKET. 1049A.The Fa'.mouth — Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MCALLISTER 797— Sunny ault parlors, with
or without kitchen: couple or two, three
gents; aingle room.
MINNA, 633 — Large sunny front room for
rent.
MISSION. 1063 — Nice, aunny alngl» room for
$1 75 per week.
NATOMA. 294 — Sunny front room to let.
NATOMA. 460^i — Large front room for 2: also
alagle room; private family: gas; bath.
NOE, 577 — Large sunny room to rent; rea-
sonable; suitable for 1 or 2.
' OCTAVIA. 420^ — 3 nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen preferred; running; water, gas; con-
venlence.
¦ PINE 827. near Powell — Large sunny fur-
nished rm: running water: 1 or 2 g?nts>; $10.
' PINE. 1733^ — Enterly new; atngle or en, suit-;
I deai'rable location; every convenience.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis^ — Incandescent lights.
• reading-room, smoking-room and ladlea' par-
lor: rooma per night. 33c to $1 SO: week. JJ
to $S: month. $3 to $3O; elevator oa grousj
• fioor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
• SANSOME, £23 — Furnished rooms to let.
I SHIPLEY. 20— Two rooma In rear^
SIXTH, 215*4 — Four unfurnished rooms to l«t;
' no children.
• SIXTH. 240 li — St. Johns: pleasant Tront fur-
nished rooma; central location; most rea*.
SIXTEENTH. 3038. bet. Mission and Valencia
One or two aunny bay window furnished
rooms; new fiat; private family.
STEINER, 1313C. between Eddy and Elils^ —
Three rooma to let.
STEVENSON. C33— Sunny furnished room for
* two gentlemen.
* SUTTER 11G5— Large front bay-window ror>m
1 2 closets, running water: light: ho— >ek.; $1J.
l , . — 1
I SUTTER. 2220H — Nicely furnished double par-
• lors; hot and cold water; bath, g— i: clo»t;
* for one or two persons.
- TAYLOR. r.l3B— Handsome, sunny alcove suit*.
piano. $13; large sunny room, aultabls 2, $10.
. THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
a ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water: batha free: $3 to $4 per week;
5 $1 to $1 50 per dar;electric elevator or lights.
" THE VENDOME. 1104 Market at. — Offices oti
the first fioor to let; furnished rooms la sulta
or single, by the day, week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
it 1 - — ; ___Z
I I THIRD. 87— Furnished rooma ta let.
. TO let — Large furnished front room la privata
family. Call 350 Sixth at.
j TURK. 336— On» large front, rjnny alcovs
room; partly furnished: gaj; bath.
s UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to I* »— k: eieo-
"* trie lights (no ga*). running; water In every
* room; elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggax*.
= WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 730 rooms:
83c to $1 30 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
* «lec lights; reading-room: free baa; hagga»«.
WOLF Hcuse. 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from I3o
- to $1 per night and from »0c to $3 per weea.
Z ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ata.
s A BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
_ of advertisement* and aubscrtptlons has been
>r opened at IOCS Market at. oppoaiU Firt— »
d Open until 11 p. m^
,5 — *"~"*^~— *~~ — — —^^ -— —^
- BOOM BEgmTO AQEJCT.
<* WE rent your rooms: hundreds of roomers csll-
l: ing dally; don't delay seeins us. Room Rent-
Ing Advertisers^ 117 Sutter at., phone Clay 980.
f Continued on Page Tea,
irnVP "WANTED — PES-tALE — Con.
OFFICE hours S:SO a, m. to 0:30 p. m."
A chambermaid and laundress, small family.
$30; a oook for large family, San RafaeL $40;
a nurse for an Infant, Oakland, $30; a ccok
for plain boarding-house In city, $35; a sec-
ond -strl who can mend, city place, $25; a
eapab!* waitress for restaurant. $6 a week;
a housework woman for Nevada, $35; 40 other
Keneral housework girls for city and country:
waees $20 to $35. MISS PLUNKETT, • 423
Suiter «.. near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girla to learn halrdrwsing,
rsanlcur.ng. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to flil immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
echocl tn West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
eon; both -seasons taught from start ta finish
In cne month for $15; positions as trimmers,
ealesladiea. etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day ar.d everung cia»a. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
Hairdreuing. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
C-.tnt. hair work, removal superfluous hair:$5 2
wks. ; day. eve. e_ _•; positions secured, highest
T.-s,g<rg. Removed frcm l_5ti Mkt. td 133 Powell.
A — HAND sewers ar.3 finishers wanted on chil-
dren's ccats and laiies" waists. 636 Mission
«.. third floor.
A— GIRL between 14 and 16 to make herself
renerally useful in manufacturing depart-
ment. iii6 Ml_— an St.. t&ird liocr.
A — OPERATORS wanted en children's woolen
coats and suits. CSO Mission st.. top floor.
YOUNG g'.ri for light hcusework. Monday, 9
a. ra.. 15."U Hcward.
TALENTED amateur rertonr.e™. Apply at
Chute*. 6 p. m.. Wednesday; salary co object.
WANTED — Girl to Ay housework: wages $15 a
month. 136 Hartford St.. eff ISth. nr. Castro.
GIRLS wanted for shoctlr.g gallery. Apply at
room lit*. Winchester Hotel, bet. 1-6 p. m.
A GIRL for light housework; 3 adults. Call
577 Oak at.
YOUNG girl r-arse for child 2 years o!3; light
Larkin at.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy store;
good wages. 1403 Pclk st.; call afterlO a. m.
WANTED -Wcsjen cf good business ability to
represent us; previous experience unneces
sary: references and security required; good
salary guaranteed. 207 Mutual Bank bldg.
OPERATORS and finishers en ladies' waists.
JUDA BROS.. 320 Market »t.
YOUNG girl to escist with housework and
children. 403 Fair Oak* st.. corner 25th.
SERVICES of experienced business woman
wanted by local house. Box 2742. Call.
PIRST-CLAFS f.r.isher on coats. ROSENBLUM
_ ABRAHAM. 1103 Market at.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick heps in Aurwt.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery St.. S.F.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
of afix-ertlsements and subscriptions has been
fp«ned at IOCS Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open ur.til 11 p. m.
KELP WA-rTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Eir.p. Agents,
4_> Bu*h st. 642 Clay at.
FOR NEW TUNEU NORTH.
6 corners and headersnsen. $2 75.
30 ir.uckers, $2.
10 laborers, j :pe line, eouth. $2 25.
20 pick ajrid shovel men. Shasta, $2 25.
4 men, brickyard. $2 25.
R. R. ttainEttrs. south, fare $4 10, $2.
Man about place, city, $25.
Farmer, country, ?20.
All around baker, country, $15 week found.
Cook. :¦•:..--..: country hotel, $40.
Third cock, country hotel, free fare. SS5.
Vegetable man. make ice cream, springs, $35
Cook. Fpringe. $10 week.
Waiters, porters, bellboys, $15-$60.
C. EL HANSEN & CO.. Empy. Agents,
4_J Bush st. 642 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
F. M. Gunn. 638 Commercial St.
Phcne Main 1191. Phone Main 1131.
MINES. SOUTH.
10 laborers. S'JG; chip to-day.
SALT LAKE RAILROAD.
Los Angeles and San Berr.ardino counties.
1W teamsters, $*»: ship to-night; long job.
NEVADA.
Fhip tr-eay. ?2 Co to $S#0: teamsters, drill-
ers, harnesyrraJctr?. $3 50 day; extra —lit-
er. $5 SO week; cook, small place. $8 week.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial ft., near K*arny.
Ph~Tie Bush h33. JOHN L. DRESCHLER.
3 rtpging aUncera, large co.. $2 65 day and
board; 2 men, block and tackle work, $3 23;
d laborers, that's you, help carpenters, etc.,
$1 60 day and board; 20 Iaben»r5;_new work
tn rrruntain*. $2 25; 10 labobers, pipe and
telejione lire. $2 25 to $2 5O day: 10 farm-
era and milkers; 2 carventers. $S0 found;
ether Jobs.
Af KORD _ SMITH'S.
Contractors' agents, i*j Third st.
Tea— i«?t<?r. city. $2 50. steady work.
Carny blacksmith, country, long job, steady
work. $3.
Camp wajt.v, 2T> miles out. $30.
Laborers, Fresno Co.. $2 25. steady, long job.
LabcrFra. Monterey Co.. $2 23.
Boattem California, laborers, $2.
10 LABORERS for country, $2 25 a day; 2
farrr!»rs and wives, $33 and $50 and found;
coaehrr.an and wife. $50 and found: cook
and wife for institution. $50 and found:
cook. $4i> and found; second
rook, country, J5O and found; pan washer.
J3^»: fry cock. $14 week, and others. J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. €2S Sacramento st.
A BUTLER- with references from last place,
wtjres $5frf call after 10 Monday. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter et., near PowelL
Office hcurs S:30 a. m. to 5:30 d. m.
jT-HOTEL CiJzETTETzC Montg'ry St.. r. 12.
Bell boy fo«* resort. $15.
BOY 16 to IS years eld to attend soda fountain;
wages ?6 a week to begin: must live at
bom* ot parents or relatives. Inquire between
* sad 3 a. m. at S10 Market St., GEO. HAAS
& PON.
WANTED — TV* 8 * rran '* rno — aa experienced
bundle wraVx-er. Apply between 8 and 11 a.
m.. at KALE EROS.'
"WANTED— S::k ar.ii dress good salesman.
Apply between 3 and 11 a. m. at HAL_
BROS.'
"WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Arv'.y between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS."
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
w?rk; r.o right cr Punday work; $25 security
rrg'j'.red. Apply 31QI4 FolEom st.. upstairs.
STRONG Ivy wanted; $* a week. J. SILVER-
MAN. 224 Third Et.
ERRAND boy an_tt*4 at 259 Stevenaon st..
b»t«w« Third end Fourth.
BARBER eveslcrs and Sundays! 1062 McAl-
lister et.
BARBER wanted to buy or rent shop; low
rent; 2 rooma; retiring. 610 Poet at.
BARBER — Young man abemt 4 mnnths' ex-
P*ri»:r.c-e to finish trade. 761 Howard Bt.
MAN uike charge ouUid* business; pays good
wag*t. Call to-day, HIS Market, rocm 1.
"tt'ANTED— Block butcher. Apply S31S Mls-
tticn st.
QUICK ar.d willing boy: living with parents;
steady wt/rk. E. LINDQUIST. 633 Bryant.
FIBST-CLASSI blacksmith's h»1pT wanted at
:;0C7 Twenty-Uurd et., near Fclsom.
ERRAND beyj steaay place. Cil\$ Etevensca
«.. between Seventh and Eighth.
UARBERS— Jion tuyt c:y shop and 3-chaii
bmdaeas. 23SA Eighth st.
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; onlj
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice ar.d txpert instruction; cpeciaJ
effer anJ c&talcirue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay at
AN experienced, aober, industrioua hat man te
take charge of a hat department in a stor«
rituated r.ct far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried roan from 23 to 8
ycara of ag«. Address box 1602. Call efflca.
WANTED— Collector for a furniture install-
ment house; stale wages and experience
murt knew the city. Ancwer Collector, boa
2721. Call effice.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knon
that Ed Uolkin, Reno House proprietor, hai
artded 100 new room* to the Denver Hoaee,
217 Third St.: 230 rooms; 25c to SOc per night
WANTED — Men and boya to learn plumblni
trade; Ccyne Bros Co. School of Practlca
Plun'biag: send for catalogue. Address 4973-!
- Easton ave.. Ft. Ixwls. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare foi
Government positions. Apply for free cata
Ircue civir.g particulars, -^ciflc Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldx.. 1095 Market st.
WANTED— Hustlers to tack «!ims,*diatrlbut<
circulars, ramples. etc.; no canvassing- cock
pajr. Sun Advertising Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar
ber trade: S weeks" new method Haight'i
branch No. 1. 047 Commercial et."
YOUNG man of good habits to do office work
$90 per month; must have small capital
GUI 1015 Uarket Et.. room 4.
Xaa^herman murphy.
A C01-tS02-ti<J3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests- assignments ot rents; property In trust,
etc •' legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. - • <t
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
• i When You Need Money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
~— WILL LOAN I *
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
<; of property or chattels.
Location, etc . -....?
Box 400. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— .
• Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confidentlal and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2|
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store, I
840 Market: te!. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND i
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton : phone Bush 4S4. j
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- |
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without '
security ; easy payments; large business in 48
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United I-oan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone .Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 807 Market at.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 23 Montgomery st.,rm. 7. ;
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
MONEY loaned or. salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl- 1
ture. indorsed notes and other security. S. !
F. Discount Agency, 143 Pbelan building.
LOANS to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO., 819 Market St., suite 31
ON real estate and chattels! E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral LoaJi Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture * pianos: $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1% PER cent on furniture and planoi; no com.
charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORKLL. 6OQ Examiner buiMlnsr.
MONEY WAKTE3X
WANTED^Loan~~?l 0,000; t<?n years; unques-
tlonable collateral. Box 2775. Call office.
MUSICAL mSTRTJMEITTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.: i>ianos for rent at $1 per mo.,
some at $2, a large number of good ones at
J>2 30 per mo.; our own make pianos at $3 1
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegart large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo. ; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one years
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes st.
A FEW exceptional bargains; all uprights:
Heine grand. $475; Gabler, $350; Krell. $375:
! Heine $23?: Si'einway.' $325: Mason _ Ham-
lin $285; Knabe. $1CO; Fischer, $115; Behr
Bros.. $1*7; Crown. $140; Kirr.ball. $85; Em-
erson $125; Occidental. $40; Conrard. $97;
Collafd, $53; investigate our new rent and
purchase system: $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 - Geary St.; Oakland.
1252 Broadway.
A FEW good upright*. 'returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlckering, Vose,
Stein-way, Steck. Sterling, Curtas, Neuman,
Erard, Halnee and many others: prices rea-
sonable: easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free for one month; if you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO., 237 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
in July and August. BRUENN.225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135.- 237 Geary st.
$«30 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $S3.
STATHAM, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceceltan piano
player, BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steiiiway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Phoningcr. little used. Kfr°ffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
mines ; Airo^imrrg&,
Al MINING property to exchange for city
realty; value JtSO.OOO; would be willing to
assume small mortgage. Address box 2736,
. Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocks. 539-543
Crosaley bldg.. Pacific States Mln. & Inv Co.
OFFICES AITD STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 915 — To rent for term of years, one-
halt of store-room;, best retail location In
San Francisco. Apply. to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. SOO Post at.
A— MME. GILL1NGHAM,
Complexion socialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell St., between O'Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfeet. bagginess of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smalipcx plttinga, etc. : makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mail or person: I will take pctients for
1 the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
A SUIT "cr overcoat, including one extra panU
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
' DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
: rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
I over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL _ BROWN, 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scadp; no stain or stickiness;
» cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no subsUtute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
; MRS! WHEELOCK removed (La Verite Co.)
to 645 Market St., next building to Palace
Hotel; oh ca'e this week: switches, $1;
1 cream La V'erite skin food. 40c; Rob Roy
lotion, 400^
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats 'Irug ¦ habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondenen solicited; strictly con-
' fidentlal. Box 3234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
J Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
• HOUSE painting that will stand; phone Fell
4174 CLARK Decorating Co., practical
painters, tintera and paper-hangers; fine
work a specialty; references if you want 'em.
AA — OLD tableware neatly plated as good as
new; knives, forks and spoons done very
J reasonable. 912 Howard st.
• ATTENTION — Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; perm.
Beatrice St. John. Hair Spec. 420 Sutter st
; AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
; Tailor, 721 Market st. . .
- , , . , . . - .
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 M
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT,
; FURNITURE CO.. ; 340 Post at., near Powell
I ALL superfluous hair removed; electric needle
Mrs. Caldwell Benninger, 231 Post St.. room 1
" MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats,
• $250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
5 { BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special tc
painters. BUTCHER, 741 Mission at.
; SUPERFLUOUS hair _ molea removed by elec-
trlc needle. Mra.Dr.A.W.Traverae.ll70 Market
' TAILOR-MADE ault $7 60; dress pants $2*so"
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
. Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
, catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3324 19th, nr. Valencia
1 MRS. Eaton.* electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
. ter, r. eO9. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.; room 3&
. MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
counto- orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
HOBSES ABTD WAOOWS.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagona,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom at.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale — A fine saddle mare, kind and sound:
weight 1000 lbs; will sell for $75. Box 3206,
Call office.
SWELL wagon and one horse Call at Liberty
Bakery. S57 Washington St., Oakland.
FOR sale — Rubber tired buggy, $S5; used very
little. Box 2210. Call office.
LIGHT buggy for sale; price $60; used 2
months. Box 2251. Call office.
FOR sale — Fine set rubber mounted harness,
$15. Address box 1015. Call office.
LARGE team, $40; pacer. $20; camp team, out-
fit, sale or rent; buggy, cart. 2728 Bryant.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St., opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys.buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
INVAI.rp CHAIBS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.; tel.Fark 775.
I.OST AND rOUND.
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third tfce regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST — A passbook with the HIbernia Savings
and Loan Society ot San Francisco in the
name cf Mary Agnes Sullivan. No. 125-440.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Black Gordon setter dog, between Col-
ma and Point Pedro, Sunday morning; li-
cense number 2284; reward. 2403 California,
LOST — Wednesday, a gold chain bracelet; small
diamond In the padlock. Return to Chron"-
Icle cashier ar.d receive reward.
STRAYED — Sorrel horse, from San Francisco
Ranch. 118 Russia ave., near Mission. Tel.
Capp 2954.
PLEASE return dress suit case left on train
Sunday from Sunset Park. T.M.S., 725 Turk.
-AUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michael is Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf : boat-
ing _ excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2686.
_ MATTBESSES A»D PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard at.: phone South 216.
MASSAGE. ™___
MASSAGE at the homes; rheumatism, par-
alysis, nervousness, successfully treated. A.
Vitnnga, magnetic masseur. 514 E 12th.E.Oak. >
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
7G2 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Relief f:r irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femala
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for alt fe-
! . male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006 H Market St., opp. 5th.
i DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are~slck~or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
rate helped; the moat difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES' irrpgularities from any cause cured
in one day: no drugs; no' operations; strictly
private; advice free: hours 9 to 9.
DR. SYLVESTER, office 219 Kearny «t.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original nvethod of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. cure, never falls;
$2 Gleason-Ruggies Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom st., corner
2Sth: ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; be«t for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market at.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St..
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEI^S. 137 Mont-
gomery St., rocm 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
sulta to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
1 _ :
FOR sale cheap — Floor trucks, carpenters* and
' plumbers' tool?, windows, shelves, barbers'
chairs and so on. Call at once. 953 Howard.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-drees rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton et.,
upstairs. - /
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 30; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
: TO motormen and gripmen, a heavy Eastern
1 beaver overcoat or ulater with high collar
; for sale, cheap. H. PEYSER. 121 Third st.
A ¦ HANDSOME coupe just out of the shop
after complete overhauling and repainting,
i new rubbtr tires. 1011 Sutter street.
I HAVE got some very fine scrapbooks for
sale. Apply 341 0\4 Mission st.
f A LLEWLYN setter for sale cheap; Gladstone
stock, 1 year old. 118% Fourth st.
ENGINEER'S transit for sale cheap. A B.
C . 411 Market st.
, FOR rale — Young chickens and hens at 909
Treat ave.. near Twenty-second st.
' CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses $1 50 pr.;
r other fancy varieties. C.Wilson.229 Stevenson.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
1 $100. GARIN. 10* Montgomery st.
¦' FOR sale — First-class new bricks] Apply DR.
1 C C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
• SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
¦ Old Book Store, til McAllister st.
- SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
* hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market fit.
- SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
* right at Richardson Eros.'. 181C Market at.
- EDISON Phonograph Agency! Peter Bad-
g* 11^ 1 - moved to 786 Mission at.
• ROUND oamplng tents for sale; cheap; som«
• new; 16x16. 319 Third st.: tel. Main 413/
• SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
P. P- cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
- MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale rental:
bargains. Bullard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
1 SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
. _. CO.. 122 Market at.
- GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
t all. sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
t MISCE— X ANEOPS WAJTTS.
* BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dta-
5 monda. gents' full dress suits, etc.;. send
•postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
: Stockton at. ¦ ¦
. NICE home for baby between 2 and 5 years;
will adopt. Box 3S02,' Call office.
; MORRIS wants 2d-hand clothing, fancy ladles'
dresses. Tuxedo suits.etc. .-postal. 943 Folscm.
- HIGHEST pries paid for castoff clothing TeL
r Pa vis 823; 630 Sacramento st.
* TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
1 theatrical goods. , 164 9th at. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
1 DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
* McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 407.
BE AX, ESTATE — COTnTTBY — For Sale.
WHITE _ BAYLET,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$9 per acre — Ctiou acrea. comprising the finest
stock ranch in Humboldt County; finest ranch-
house in the county; 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large barns; all under the best of
fence and crcssfenced; good supply of timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune; aeveral
thousand sheep, 100 head of cattle at market
\ price; 2000 acres more land it desired.
$2600 — Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; 200
acres; 20 acres under cultivation; balance tim-
bered pasture; 4-room house; large barn; run-
ning water.
$3250 — In town of Petaluma; 2% acres; mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry houses, brood-
ers; 2 wagons, harness, horse, Jersey cow;
450 hens; all in fruit; 20,000-gallon reservoir; •
photos at office, j
$6500— On Marsh Creek, near LJvermore; 680
acres; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, larss barn; wagon shed, poultry
houses; water piped to buildinss.
$1400 — 8 acres; 2V4 miles of Sebastopol; 4 j
acres berries. 1 acre orchard, balance crops: 1
4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; fur-
nltcre: part cash, r
$3500— Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
ern machinery; water power; capacity 10,000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half cash or lumber at market price.
! FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
I $4500 — 2 miles from Santa Koaa; 41 acres i
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house. 2 barns. !
poultry houses; 2 acrea assorted fruits.
$1500— Near Sonoma City; 4} 3 acres; family |
orchard; cew house, barn, poultry houaea; over
20O chickens.
$2700 — Lake County. 3 miles of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced: 4O under j
cultivation; 20 acres alfalfa land; small vine-
yard; 2 acres orchard; tt-room house, barn,
windmill and tank.
$1100 — 4 acres fine land near Haywards; 3-
room house; Junction 2 roads; greac place for
j roadhouse.
$i'5C0 — Flee summer resort in Sonoma Co.;
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acrea |
controlling 1000 acres rang*; a acres, bearing j
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages. |
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; horses: j
farming implements; see this quick.
$2500— In Sonoma Co., near boat and cars;
162 acres; some orchard and vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden, berries; 6-room house,
all furnished; 2 horses.' spring and road wagona.
harness, tools, cow, poultry; $200 Job li de-
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre — One mil* of Modesto: 0 acres
up; \i cash.
$50 per acrer-3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up , % cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl. on the Woodbrldgs
1 caDaL
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We hav> Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$'_*0 per acre — Rich river bottom land 3 ; all
ditched for irrigation; Placer Co.. on* mil* of
town and railroad.
$17 per acre — Finest stock ranch In Placer
Co.- lt&0 acres: at railroad station; 600 acrea
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; ail
can be plowed; carry 400 head; dwelling. 3
good barns, farming implement*. 90 cattle. 13
horses; part cash.
$4.500 — 30 acres. 1% miles of town. Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine in- j
come; would trade city or Oakland property, i
jS50 3 miles of Geyservilie; 2i£ acre3; 6-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard: cak trees; fine poultry farm.
$6500r-10t> acres; 5 miles from San Jose; 14 \
acres level hay land; 7 acres full bearing
prunes: t-room house, bath, well, windmill
and tack.
$3730 — Sonoma Co.. one mile of fine town; 10
acres all In peaches and prunes, with fine
crop of corn between rows; modern cottage. 3
rooma and bath, well, windmill and tank; ;
Russian River bottom; the real thing.
$10.000^ — On Alum Rock ave.. 3 miles of San
¦ Jose-' 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
Iryiii? plant; nice 5-room cottage, grounds.
tables: electric cars pass door; income $2liOO;
would take clear bay property in exchange.
jij.00 Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co. ; 4
acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nice shade trees, house asd barn; great poultry
farm; easy term3.
$2750 — 100 acres fine fcothlil land In Contra
Costa Co.. near Clayton: SO acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room house, good barn:
water piped to buildings; family orchard; part
Send stamp for the largest and moat di-
versified printed list on the coast.
WHITE * BATLSY/.
Suc;v -f.n to
W. J. .HITE.
26 Montgomery St.. room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ONE-ACRE lots at Mountain View. Santa
Clara County; $400 for inside. $450 for
corners; streets graded: water on each lot;
enly "Ms blocks from main street; partial pay-
ments; near station; convenient to Stanford
University; good schools and choice neighbor-
hood: write for map and full particulars.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Santa
Clara County. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st.
ALAMEDA^YEETS^-rTS
ALAMEDA SEAL SSTATE.
TRUTH IS STRANGER THAN FICTION.
DO YOU WANT TO BE INDEPENDENT
FOR THE BALANCE OF YOUR LIFE?
HAMMOND & HAMMOND will make you so.
They are actually giving away $23,500 worth
of. improved property. .
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS.'
For further information Inquire of
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
Real Estate Brokers,
1422 Park St..
Alameda.
, Watch next Sunday's Call for photograph of
. property.
' ALAMEDA — For sale or exchange, ideal home.
0 rooms, bath. Se» ohotos. office BURNHAM
& MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL 10-room residence in Alameda:
lot 60x130. Owner, £16 Market, S. F.. room 93.
ALAMEDA BOOMS AND BOARD.
NEWLY furnished sunny room with board.
Morton Station. Narrow Gauge. 1541 Central.
i FEUITVALE ADVERT'STS
t ________________________________
1 FOR sale — Small stock, poultry and fruit ranch
• In Upper Fruitvale: a great bargain; pries
Sl.'O. F. LEITHMAN. Lincoln ave.
j OAKLAND ADTEBT'S'-I'TS
O' 7ICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
r OAK-AITJ SEAL ESTATE.
Chlcaso. 111., July 6. 1904.
i J S. MYERS. Real Estate Agent.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
Dear Sir— I want you to sell my house on
Edwards street at once. Reduce th« price
to $3750. It has coet me $4500. The house
is new, has seven rooma and bath. I had
it built for a home and it is first-class In
every way; open plumbing: combination
gas fixtures; lot Is 50x125; fronts oouth;
e mortgage of $2500 can remain. I make this
• reduction In price »t> as to realize 03 it at
1 once. Respectfully. LOUIS D. REEB. Pal-
,• mer House. Chicago.
¦ The above mentioned property Is a first-
class place: it is near the Key Route statior
on Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street.
, The street Is 80 feet wide, macadamized and
cement walks and Is a first-class neighbor-
hood. It is positively a big bargain, and tc
a see it means to buy It.
- J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
3 A— BARGAIN; lots 33x100; Sixty-third et.. easrt
Y of Telegraph ave.; one block from Telegrapt
e and Alcatraz ave.' car lines; only $2ft3. H
0 KITTINGER. 4515 Grove St.. Oakland.
JOSEPH STRAUB. \ CJO MARKET ST.
1 $15G0 cash — Houses of 6 rooms. 2 attic rooma;
. lot 50x100: rented $30 per month, near Mar-
• ket and Fourteenth ats.; fine.
1, OAKXtAN— > PtTEiriTu'SE TOB HAXtJl-
'." TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnt-
y ture. H. Scbellhaas.llth st..cor.atore.Oak!anl
* San Francisco Advertism'ts.
1- : :
>- ROOMS POB_HOaSEK3BEPIHO.^_
CRAGBURN (The). 1007 Larkin. cor. Post-
- Rooms, single, en suite, housekeeping.
'a FIFTH St., 33.3 — 2 furnished housekeeping
,. rooms, $12 50; no children; single $5.
'* FURNISHED sunny suites; all complete fo
° - housekeeping: gas. bath, phone: a quiet an<
. pleasast home; near park and City "Hall; $1.
'* up. St. James, McAllister and Laguna sts
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311 — Sunny fumlshei
room for light housekeeping; no children
1- private family; $10. _ - ,
1- HAIGHT. 222— C nicely furnished housekeeplnj
rooms for couple; phone; call 1-4, 7-0 p. _
yrr r r r i» WANTED— MALE — Continued^
A— MURRAY~_ READY. 634-636 Clay st. A
Phona Main 6S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French. Italian. .
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and ]
Danish language*. ».,-«•
16U3 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000. j
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United Stales Govern-
ment work being don* close to Wads- ¦ '
worth, in State of Nevada. '
Fn-e fare to one, to all, to you. See boss
Cost only $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers. $75. See boss.
Ttaraeters. ?75. See boss.
Laborers, $75. eee boss. .
Drillers, fltv. See boss.
Concrete mixers, $75. Bee boss.
Call early, eee representative at our office; .
first-class food and accommodations; steady
Job; crowds daily going — are you?
BIG GOOD MINES.
4 furajc* men, $40 and found.
Firemen, sold and oopr»er mine, $23 found.
CARPENTERS.
12 catnenters, 10c fare, $3 day.
i> carpenters, city Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
[ 3 carpenters and stair-builders, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
Young man. drive butcher wagon, 10c fare.
Butcher, all-around man. Alameda County.
Butcher, t-end market, drive wagon and
slaughter.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs. $3 to $4 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waiter, mine, southeast, $^0 and found.
12 cooks, different places, $30, $50, $60.
« waiters. $30 to $40 and found.
4 waiter boys. $25, $20 and found.
12 dishwasUers. $6, $7. $S week.
Laundryman, institution, $40.
4 porters; 2 bellbovs.
LUMBER COMPANIES, ETC.
Gang edgerman, boss here, $75.
Cement finisher, country.
Head donkeyman, woods, fare $2, $65 found.
Man, charge vinegar plant, $20 week.
Head lineman, woods, $75 found.
Shingle Jointer, country. $35 and found.
2 men. make sash weights, city Job.
6 iron molders.
3 wheelwrights, carriage works.
Grader, lumber company, north, $90.
Tail edgerman, fare $3, $2 25 day.
Epocltender, lumber co., south, $50 found.
12 coor-ers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
2 lumber graders, boss here. $00.
Lumber grader, boss here, $3 day.
Gang edgerman, lumber company. $75.
3 men, make staves ar.d split staves, red-
wood, boss here. $50 found; 2 screw turners;
2 carriage setters; hook tender.
Gang charcoal burners. 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers, $30. $35. $40 and found.
12 farmers, $30 ar.d found.
14 choremen. boys. $30 to $15 found.
i 12 stablemen. $30 found. $00. $75.
1 4 farmers and wives. $40. $5O, $60 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Day st.
PLANERMAN. run ripsaw. $2 to $3 day.
Man to head up pickle barrels, $2 day.
LOOK.
Amalgamator, gold quartz mine, $90.
2 concentrators, gold quartz mine, $75.
Second cook, hotel, 30c fare. $50 and found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
35 MEN
As laborers, no experience needed, for an
exceptionally good banking syndicate, $67 50
per rrcnth.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOY: errands and office for us.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Clay st.
A— TO LOS ANGELES. $4 60.
By Santa Fe R. R., 8 p. m. daily.
US teamsters, $60.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A — BAKER. Santa Cruz County, $14 week fd.
Waiter. East and fare paid, $S 75 week fd..
i;>5 woedchorpers.
155 tiemakers.
LOOK.
Leverman for a dredger. $70 and found. ¦
Tinsmith. &-hour Job, $3 50 day.
Brick burner, boss here, $75.
LOOK.
Sirnrle-er-try bookkeeper and storekeeper,
mine, boss here, call early, $32 50.
Four-horse teamster, city dray. $25 found.
Teamster, snake logs, $50 to $60 and found.
Milkers and cheesemakers, Reno, Sev., $35
and found. ,
Hostler, city stable. $C0.
Bencn hand, planing mill. $3 50 day.
Driver, city, light delivery wagon, $2 day.
2 plumbers, free fare. $4 day.
LOOK.
Chef, cook, mine, $e5 found.
Baker's helper, city Job. $10 week and fa.
Cook, milk, 3 men cook for Oregon. $35 fd.
Butcher, country shop, fare $1 3D, $35 found.
Night porter, wholesale house, $40.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St.
3 CARPENTERS for mine, $105.
Carpenter, fare $11, $3 5«) day.
OIL FIELDS.
6 laborers, boss at our office, $2 25 day.
LOOK.
2 starch ironers, ! country laundry, $12 week.
Second cook, country Kotel, $35 found.
Man care invalid, country- $20 found.
Cock, hayFress, fare $1, $40 found.
MARRIED.
Man and wife for mine; man as laborer;
¦wife to cook for 7 men, $65 found.
Man and wife, private family: man garden
and .chores; wife cook: hose here. $45 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-00 Clay st.
'¦ IF the expected sympathetic €trike Is de-
• dared we will want
CATTLE BUTCHERS,
KNIFE MEN.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
EAST.
NON-UNION MEN ONLY WANTED.
Skilled Cattle Butchers Floormen,
or Siders, Splitters,
Rumpers, Balkers,
Rumpers, Backers,
; Engineers and other help.
i Experienced and competent, willing to sign ]
i contract, with good baggage, yourself sub-
ject to careful inspection, expecting NO
SNAPS, willing to go anywhere we send you,
call at our office at onre.
WAGE 3
$5 day and found. That's business.
$2 50 day and found. That's all.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
' FOREMAN, competent to take charge of large
' vineyard and orchard: mu«t thoroughly un-
derstand everything connected with vineyard
and farm work; In replying state experience
and give references; good salary to proper
man. Address box 2744. Call office.
' i ERRAND boy wanted: must have references;
steady" ooeition ard advancement for right
• i boy. KIRK. GEARY &. CO.. 112 Geary st.
! TRY our men's shoes, union mad?, at $1 and
! $1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
! express cr mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, hid.
' WANTED — Elderly man to help in cigar store;
references required. 232 Sixth st.. city.
! DRUG clerk wanted; salary. $20 a week; state
recommendations. Box 27C9. Call.
• MESSENGER boy for office; about 14. Apply
room 4. 320 California st.
: MANTEL folding-bed for sale <oak>; first-class
• ! order; not used long. Box 3207. Call office.
1 ; GOOD wages paid to portrait agents. Call
after 3 p. m. at 1005 Howard st.
l •¦ LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 415.
r YOUNG man to learn barber trade: paid while
learning. 8. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
A profitable outing; pick hops In August. Write
r E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery at., S.F.
j SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
x ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
- PENSION Atty.. E.A.BulIls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
) Past Com. Geo. H. Thorn- Post. Q. A. R.
\ SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parta of
1 the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart at.
0 •
w WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at..- near Mar-
ket — "00 rooms; 85c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
x A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
ir Open until 11 v. m.,
? ADVERTISEMENTS nubscriptions received at
Call branch office, cort Duncan & Church ats.
r ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
1 price. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
5 GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25e
to SOc. SC* Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ats.
- TO ICBT. ¦
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;send for dr-
- cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..20 Montgomery.
d houses to let— riminsHiD.
'. PIERCE, 47. cor. Duboce Park— Desirable new
s aunny cottare; 7 rooma; furn. or nnfurn.
- HOUSES rUBfllSl_t!D — POE BALE.
u FOR sal©— Furnished 6 rooms; Hat to let. Call
a at 100% Sixth it.
IN THE WANT COLUMNS OF THE CALLUnited States Coast and Geod-etic Survey—.
Time and Height "of High and Low "Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
_NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front ' (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: tha height
of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
A young man thinks he is unworthy
of the grirl during courtship, but alter
marriage he soon discovers his error.
• MONDAY. JULY 25.
Sun rises 5 : OC
Sun eets , ; .7 :2H
Moon sets 3:33 a. m.
0 iTlmel •-. ITlmet ITlmel Timel
5 I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I \ Ft. 1 Ft.
* IL W| H W) |L W II W|
25 4:12—0.611:12 4.6 3:45 3.1 10:00 0T7
26 4:50— 0.Cll:57 4.6 4:30 3.110:44 8.6
27 5:28— O.5 12 ::« 4.7 0:10.3.111:22 0.3
28 U:02 —0.3 1:10 4.7 5:56 3.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are in
addition to thn soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean :
01 the lower low water*,
¦ Cloudy weather prevails over Arizona. South
ern Nevada and Southern Utah; elsewhere
west of the Roetcy Mountains it ia fair. Thun
de-storms are reported at Phoenix and Flag
staff. .
The pressure has fallen slowly along the
coa»t and risen over the Rocky Mountain re
gion.
The temperature has risen generally over
the Pacific slope; over the western portions of
Washington and Oregon the riee has been
marked. Throughout the interior of California
the temperature is from eight to ten degrees
above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 25:
Northern California — Fair Monday: fresh
northwest wind
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
west wind. ~
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
freeh northwest wind.
/,iO.,H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
a H K -3 » -3
5 ssss.kj 25 3
STATIONS. Z . ? c % 5 go - ° P
J» i; i5 g^ a Jl
'•~. • » 3 : t- :
Baker 30.10 SO 40 NW Clear .00
Carson 23.80 8S R6 W Clear .00
Eureka .10.02 00 B0 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 23.70 10S 70 NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.29.92 50 .. XW Clear 00
Flagstaff 29.92 78 54 Rain .CO
Pocatello 23. »2 86 66 W Clear .00
Independence .23.84 S2 74 SE Cloudy 00
Lcs Angeles.. 29. 84 82 60 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals. 29.92 M 75 NW Clear .00
North Head." 54
Phoenix 29.70 104 70 SW Cloudy .66
Pt Reyes Lt..29.87 58 .. NW Foggy ...
Portland .10.02 84 50 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 23.78 108 72 SE Clear .00
Itoseburg 29.9a 86 60 X Clear 00
Sacramento ..29.78 98 B6 S Clear 00
Salt Lake 29.92 86 52 W Clear .00
San Francisco.29.90 C4 54 W Clear .00
Fan L. Obispo.29.84 8S 52 X Clear .00
San Diego 2».S6 74 C4 W Clear .00
Seattle .10.16 74 50 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.08 82 56 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh -iO.20 Hi 62 N Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30. 04 86 58 N Clear 00
Winnemucca .29.92 90 52 NW Clear .00
"Vuraa 29.72 104 78 SW Clear .00
PORT TOWNSEXD— Passed in July 24— Br
ship Oranasia, from Antwerp, for Tacoma
PORT HAKFORD-Salled July 24 3 ™ in-
Stmr Coos Bay. for San Pedro '
SEATTLE- Arrived July 24-Stmr Excel
elor, from Valdez
_TATOOSH— Passed in July 24— Ship Jabez
Howe- from Honolulu.
Pased out July 24— Bktn 8 G Wilder, from
Tacoma. for San Pedro. •
ASTORIA— Sailed July 24— Stmr Aurelia.
for San Francisco. '
Arrived July 24 — Schr Commerce, from Ma
nlla; stmr Chlco, from Bandon
EUREKA— Sailed July 24— Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco; utmr Eureka for San Fran-
Cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 24— Strer Jaa
S HlKgins. hencn July 23.
REDONDO- Arrived July 24— Stmr South
Bay. from Eureka.
6ANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 24— Stmr
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, July 24, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
_. Sunday. July 24.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego
and way ports. • *°
Stmr Greenwood. Walviff. . Mendocino. ' .V
Etmr Rival. Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Westport.
Stmr Queen. Cousins. Victoria and . Puget
Stmr Alliance.. Hardwick. Eureka, Coos Bay
and Portland. ... *
Stmr Scotia, Johnson Bowens Landing
Stmr Corona, Oielow, Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnsaon. Mendoclno.
KtmrArgo. Dunham, Eel River.
Ktmr F A ICilburn. Thompson. Port Rodgers
Bark B Flint, Johnson, Eleele.
Schr Ida A. -Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Lily. Bottger, Urripaua River.
Tsig Sea Rover, Thompson, San Diego
_. _ • Sunday July 24
Port n Bra?B UMWlCk '' EUefsen - » *ouri from
Fedr mr ttonlta. Prcble, 59 hours from San
fro^Ho'nolult"- ' **** W h ° Ur '
Eure mr No"h Fork. Nelson, 26 hours from
Stmr Acme. Lindqulst. 47 hours from New
port South.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 23 hours from Eureka.
m R -° " Johnson ' 59 hours <rom Cc£
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. 4 fcays from
Siuslaw River.
S 1 us'a I w i R a ivrr Etta " Erickson ' *U da « troza
c e R< t hr w " llam Olzen, Rorvlck. 7 days from
vHfeLa'nifn^ "*¦£ " "°-» /™m San
Schr San Buenaventura, Lembke. 4 days
Willapa Harbor.
Schr Alpha, Jensen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor *
SAILED. .
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, July 24—5 p. m.
THE COAST RSCORD.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company's
steamship China is due from the Orient to-day.
China Due To-day.
The following vessels are quoted on the re-
Insurance list: Ems, 11« days from Calcutta
to Fiji, 15 per cent; Pioneer. 105 days from
Buenos Ayres to Falmouth, 15 per cent.
Overdues.
,T W. Wilght and Sons Investment Company
to Henry Landers, lot on W line of Thirty-sixth
avenue, 200 N of A street, N 25 by W 120;
$10.
- Albert Mover to Carlos and Margaret Whlt
mor«, lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 275
N of I street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
London and San Francisco Bank (limited) to
Louis- Llpman, lot on S line/>f H street, 57:6
E of Tenth avenue, E 50 by S 100; $10.
Berr.har>1 and Kose Getz to Minnie Coulter,
lot on E line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 130 S
of I street. S 30 by E 120; $10.
Eirnh Mish to Oswald Mish (re-r»cord 2041
D. 191} lot on S line of K street, 32:6 W of
Forty-Hftli avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Oswald and Rose Mish to Bernhard Getz, lot
on' S line of K street. 32:6 W of Forty-fifth
avenue. W 25 by S 100: $10.
Frances A. and G. B. Corwln to Thomas J.
and Kate T. Giblin, lot on NW corner of
.Twelfth avenue and M street. W 57:6 by N
100; $10.
Peter Peteraen to Martha Petersen, lot on
SW corner of St. Mary's avenue and Marsily
street. NW 31. SW 95, RE to Marsily, N to
beginning, lot 1, block 2. De Boom Tract: $10.
Julius C. Reis to William W. Jenkins, lot 3,
block 2. Reis< Tract: grant. '
P. Ducus Company (corporation) to John J.
Diiscoll. lot on S line of Bessie avenue. 220 W
of Fclsom street. W 30 by S 75, lot 33. Ducas
Tract: $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on W line of
Holladay street, 253:6 S of Peralta avenue. W
200 by S 40 (Wall street); $1.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Peralta ave
nue, 232:11 RW of Holladay avenue. S 317:1,
NW 45:11%, N 270:6, NE 47:7 (Butler avenue);
South San Francisco Dock Company to same,
lot on SE line of A street and SW line of
California Drydock ompany. SE to water
front of San Francisco. SW 80, NW to A street.
NE 80. being portion of Fifth avenue lying SE
of A street; also lot on E corner of Tenth ave
nue and A street, SE to water front of San
Francisco, SW 80, NW . to A street. NE 80.
being part ot Tenth avenu« lying SE of- A
street; $1. -i^ssgpnn ' .
E. A. and Gellne W. Holman to W. F. Lloyd,
lots 2.8 and 27, block 2, Lake view; $10.
Solomon and Ruth V. Hyinan to Isabella W
and James W. Tindal, lot on E line ot Hoff
avenue, U4:7 S of Sixteenth street, S 42 by E
1W>; $10. .
Armour Packing Company to Virginia Van
derbilt, lot on X line or Commercial street, 65
W of Davis, 60x5C, quitclaim deed; $ .
Carl J. Schulz to Anna M. Schulz. undivided
one- fourth of lot on XE corner of Clay and
Mason streets, E CO by N »>6:6; $5.
Conrad and Elizabeth Bill to Jacob and
Catherine Ohlemutz. lot on S line ot Green
wich street, 108:8 W of Jones, W 2S:9 by S
73; J10.
John and Sarah Hoole to Thomas J. and De
lia Brady, tlot on E line of Larkin street, 137:6
N of North Point, X 27 :C by E 08:9; $10.
Emma H. and D. E. Allison Jr. to F. E.
Beck, lot on NW corner of Howard and Sev
enth streets, SW 75 by NW 90: $10.
Manuel Lucas to Margaret E. Mulllns, lot
on S line of California street, 32:6 E ot Sixth
avenue, E 25 by S 100: $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to J. W.
Wright and Sons' Investment Company, lot on
S line of Point Lobos avenue. 29 E of Fortieth
avenue, E 75. S 100, E 16, S 60, W 120, X 50.
E 29, N 100: also lot on W line of Thirty
ninth avenue. 100 X of A street, N 75, W 120.
N 75, W 120, S 150. E 240; also lot on NW
corner of Thirty-sixth avenue and A street, W
140, N 100, E 20. N 125, E 120, S 225; also lot
on SW corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and B
street, W 00, S 100. W CO, S 60, E 120, N 169;
also lot on SW corner of Fortieth avenue and
B street, S 176, W 4, SW 455, W 131:6. N 600,
13 240; also lot on SW corner of Forty-fifth
avenue and C 8treet, S 140 by W 100; also lot
on SE corner of Forty-first avenue and C
street, S 275, E 120. N 175, W 12:6. N 100. W
107 :S; also lot on E line of Fortieth avenue,
150 S of A street. S 200 by E 120: $10.
SATURDAY, JULY 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Xevadan Arrives.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's eteamship Xevadan, Captain F.
Greene, arrived in port late yesterday from
Honolulu via Kahului She brings 79 304
bags of sugar, 1(54 bales of wool, 55 barrels of
molasses, U27 empties. 50 bales of sisal and
151 bales of hides and pelt"
SEATTLE, Wash., July 24. — Robert
Stuart of Portland has a fractured
arm; C. Harrison Green a bad scalp
wound and George Oddy of Portland
is badly battered up as the result of
a lacrosse match here to-day. Oddy
Ss said to have deliberately struck
Green, the Seattle inside home player,
after ten minutes of playing. Six
stitches were^taken in his head. Stuart
got his injuries in a fall while running
with the ball for the flags. Oddy was
the cenf6r of a free-for-all fight in
the third quarter of the game. Seat
tle won the match, 4 to 3, and after
the game the league delegates sus
pended Portland.
LACROSSE PLAYEKS INJURED.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Aztec , Panama July 25
XorthFork... Humboldt July 25
S.Monica Grays Harbor July 23
Kureka Humboldt July 25
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports July 25
Pomona Humbcldt July 25
State of Cal.., San Diego & Way Pts. July Lo
Breakwater. .. Coos Bay July 23
Radondo Portland & Astoria. ... July 25
China........ China* & Japan July 25
G. Dollar San Diego July 20
Wyefleld Xanalmo July 2t>
Porno Point Arena & Albion. July 28
CocsBay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 27
City Sydney.. Xew York via Panama. July 27
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... July 27
Elizabeth Coqullle River July 2S
DelXorte.... Crescent City July 28
Argo Eel River Ports July 28
San Pedro. . . . San Pedro July 2S
S. Barbara... San Pedro July 28
Coronu. Humboldt July 28
Curacao Mexican Ports ..., July 28
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. , Arena July 2S
Kanta Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. July 28 '
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orford. July 28
G. W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria July 28
Chlco Portland & Astoria. . . . July 30
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports July 30
Jeanie I Seattle & Tacoma July 30
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor July 31
Bonita I Newport & Way Ports. July 31
Sequoia Willapa Harbor July 31
Marlposa Tahiti Aug. 1
Oregonlan.... Xew York via Coronel. Aug. 1
Alameda Honolulu Aug. 2
Columbia...., Portland & Astoria.... I Aug. 2
Xewport Xew York via Panama. |Aug. S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
"jnly 25. I
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
ArKO Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Kedondo. ... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm|Pier U
Jnly 26. | |
Samoa Los Angeles Ports.) 9 am Pier 2
laqua Humboldt i 2 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 20
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Xewport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
July 27. I I
Eureka j Hurnl.ol.lt I 9 am Pier 1.1
Porrona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier SI
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
North Fork. Humboldt 8 pm Pier 20
July 28. ¦ I
Ean Pedro.. Humboldt.... 4 pm Pier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 29.
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Totmes Hamburg It Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
City Puebla Puget Scund Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Nevadan... Hono & Kahului. 5 pm Pier 23
July 30. | '
Arcata Coos B & Pt. Orfd 12 mjPier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmfPler 2
Coos Bay... | San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
San Juan... jx. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm|Pler 27
July 31. | .
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 2*
Augnat 1. [
Amer, Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm|Pler 40
August 3. I '
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill amlPier »
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. I 6 pm|Pler-20
:-_2 * FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. . Sails.
Kanta Clara... Valdez & Seward July 25
City Seattle. . Bkagway & Way Ports. July 25
l'ampico Nome U St Michael.... July 25
lefferson Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. July 31
Senator Nome direct Aug. 1
Excelsior Seldovla & "Way Ports. Aub. 1
Victoria Nome & Siberia.. Aug. 2
Roanoke Xome & St. Michael.. Aug. 6
Movements of Steamers.
OAKLAND.. July 21.— The Oakland
Wheelmen to-day won the California
Associated Cyclers' trophy fifty-mile re
lay race over the San Leandro triangle
in so close a finish that there was bare
ly four inches between the Oakland
man, R. Williamson, and the New
Century Wheelmen's representative, A.
Trout, at the tape. The race was so
hot that the timers could not make a
comparative difference between the two
leaders. Wheeler of the California
Cycling Club, the third man, was dis
tanced by his two speedy competitors.
• By their victory to-day the Oakland
Wheelmen retain possession of the tro
phy, which they captured last year..
The race was the Oakland Wheel
men's throughout, their men leading in
four of the six relays into which the
fifty-mile course was divided.
The teams that took part in the race
were composed of the following riders:
In order of relays: Oakland Wheelmen — E.
Holden, II. Hancock, A. T. Smith, A. Gilbert,
C Herguer, R. Williamson.
Xew Century Wheelmen — Stoehllne, Mc-
Wherter, V>. Mainland, A. Wilkes, J. Schon,
A. Trout. r
California Cycling Club — A. Carl, Rlngrose,
Elliott. Bell, Smith. Wheeler.
Only Four Indies Separate the Two
Leading: Riders at the Finish
ins: Mark.
OAKLAND WHEELMEN WIN *
FIFTY-MILE RELAY RACE
DOVEP.— Sailed July 24— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for Xew York, via Boulogne.
.SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 24— Stmr
Grosser Kurfuerst, from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK — Arrived July 24 — Stmr Arablo.
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr La
Bretagne. from Havre; stmr Moltke. from
Hamburg, Dover and Boulogne; stmr Xew
York, from Southampton and» Cherbourg
MOVILLB— Arrived July 24— Stmr Mongo
lian from Xew York, for Glasgow.
LONDON— Sailed July 23— Stmr . Mlnne
haha. for Xcv* York.
ROTTERDAM— Palled July 23— Stmr Ryn
dam. for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Coos Bay. for San Pedro; stmr Btat* of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; stmr South Bay,
for Kan Francisco i
COOS BAY— Sailed July 24 — Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
ISLAND TORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 23 — Ger baric
Charlotte, for Tahiti.
Travelers who have valuable Jewelry will be
interested in a recent court decision which
established a precedent regarding the liability
of steamship companies. Frances M. Barnes
eued the owners of the steamship Minnetonka
for the loss of a diamond necklace valued at
$5COO, which was stolen from her stateroom
by a steward. She had asked the eurser of
the steamer to tako it for safekeeping and he
refused to do so. Judge Adams found for the
libelant.
Steamship Must Pay.
The fine weather yesterday attracted a big
crowd of sightseers, who lined the water front
from the Pacific Mall dock way down to
Meiggs wharf. Men, women and children all
joined in the calm delights of the quiet after
noon. They inspected the ships lying along-
Fide the piers, watched the ferry-boats as
they glided emoothly over the blue waters
of the bay and looked with admiration at an
army ot cwlft yachts as the*- sailed gaily
past. It was the largest crowd that has been
on the front since the summer exoduar to the
country began. A surprising feature cf the
day was the absence of the usual contingent
of eccentric orators, fakers and venders of dif
ferent kinds of patent wares that commonly
hold forth on the different* wharves crying in
strenuous tones the merits of their wares or
their creeds. The elimination cf this discord
ant element added greatly to the pleasure of
the day for those who sought respite from
the humdrum of city life In the rest and recre
ation afforded by a quiet stroll along the front.
«
Crowds on AVatcr Front.
The largest eteel steamers included in these
figures were the Minnesota, of 20.718 gros»
tons, built at New London. Conn.; the Sahara,
of 57S5 tons, at Ix>raln, O. : the City of At
lanta, of 5433 tons, at Chester, Pa. and the
Martin Mallen, of 4G35 tons, at Cleveland, O.
The wooden Pteam vessels numbered 89, with
a gross tonnage of 0770. Of these ten were
built on the Pacific Coast, having a gross ton
nage of 20S4; fcrty-elght were built In Atlantic
and gulf ports, four on the great lakes anil
the remaining twenty-s=even on Western rivers.
The steel Bteam vessels numbered eight,
with a gross tonnage of 37.75t>. Only one of
those was built on the Pacific Coast and was
of 84 tens gross. Five were built on the At
lantic and the gulf, to curry 27,252 tons, and
the remaining two were built on the great
lakes.
•The Bureau of Navigation reports that 137
vessels of 61, CO" gross tons were built In the
United States and officially numbered during
the month of June, 1901. Among these were
forty wooden sailing vessels, of a gross ton
nase of 70S1. Five of these, having a gross
tonnage of 177S, were built on the Pacific
(.'oast, thirty-four were built In Atlantic and
pulf ports and the remaining one In Porto
Kico.
Ship Building in June.
. Beysle B. McChwsney (owner) with Theodor*
P. Iloln (contractor), architect — AH work
for a oottare of thrc* rooms and alcove on lot
on K line of Eight^nth a\-enue, 96:1 S of
California street. S 25 by 120, outside lands,
l(ir.; $1200.
Builders' Contracts.
Men Who Took Part in International
Games 3Iakc Merry at
Banquet.
LONDON, July 24. — A banquet was
given at the Trocadero last night In
honor of the teams representing the
four universities. Lord Chief Justice
Alverstone, president of the Queen's
Club, was unable to be present and
Embassador Choate and Secretary of
Embassy White were also absent.
America was officially represented by
Consul General Evans, Second Sec
retary of Embassy Carter and Third
Secretary Wadsworth. Sir Lee
Knowels, M. P., presided and proposed
toasts to King Edward and President
Roosevelt. In responding to the toast
to international sports Consul General
Evans spoke forcefully of the good ef
fect produced by sports upon Interna
tional relations.
Speeches were also made by the
presidents of the universities and cap
tains of the teams. Medals were then
distributed to the winners and to those
who took second place in the competi
tion, the presentations calling forth
enthusiastic college yells.
ATHLETES ARE WIXED
AXD DIXKD IX IiOXDON
The transport Dlx win be ready this
morning at 8 o'clock to begin taking
on her cargo of horses and cattle that
are to be shipped to the Philippines
for use of the insular government.
All day yesterday carpenters were bus
ily engaged on board finishing the ex
tra stalls on deck that are necessary
to accommodate this big shipment of
valuable animals. The list contains
£35 head of stallions, geldings, mares
and mules and 65 head of cattle. All
the animals are high bred. The cattle
will nearly all be shipped on deck. The
horses will all eo 'tween decks. Two
thcrroughbred stallions will be quarter
ed in specially constructed box stalls,
in an airy space amidships. Besides
the regular crew, it will require a force
of 22 men to look after this shipment.
The valuation of the stock is about
575,000— which Is the most valuable
shipment of this character ever made
across the Pacific. The Dix will also
carry 7000 tons of hay and 2250 tons of
oats, together with 1200 tons of fresh
water, which will be more than ample
to keep the stock fully supplied. Lov
ers of fine stock, and those Interested
in seeing how they are handled and
put on board a government transport
for a long sea voyage, will be enlight
ened and instructed by a visit to the
transport dock to-day.
TACOMA, Wash., July 24.— Slavonian
miners started a riot yesterday morn
ing at the Treadwell mines by throw
ing stones at Japanese underground
employes. The Slav miners side with
Russia in the present Oriental war and
have had numerous altercations with
the Japanese outside of working hours.
News of the struggle in the Orient ia
eagerly awaited by each nationality,
which members do not refrain from
poking fun at their opponents when
the news will justify it.
Talcing cognizance of the belligerent
feelings the management of the mines
had warned bqth sides to strictly be
have themselves underground. The
Japanese promptly retaliated yesterday
and war seemed inevitable. Knives
and rocks were freely used and a num
ber were Injured on each side.
Superintendent McDonald armed his
most trusted white miners with re
volvers, at the same time sending for
United States Marshal Shoup at
Juneau, who responded with a posse of
deputies. Armed guards are keeping
watch to prevent another outbreak.
TACOMA, Wash., July 24.— Miss
Kate Hogan is the heroine of Colfax,
the county seat of Whitman County.
A few years ago she was a (Jishwasher
in a hotel near Colfax, but now she
returns from Boston with an Interna
tional reputation as a dramatio reader,
obtained by painstaking work under
the name of Katherlne Ridgeway.
Miss Hogan was born of poor Irish
parents in Georgia. A quarter of a
century ago her family settled near
Colfax. Kate was ambitious and con
ceived the idea of becoming a great
reader. Setting about to earn money
for her education, she became a dish
washer in a country hotel at Elberton.
At another time she was a waitress.
When she had secured enough educa
tion she taught school and later at
tended the university In Spokane.
Aided by friends she entered the Bos
ton School of Oratory, graduating with
honors.
For two years she traveled with the
Temple Quartet and for seven years
has headed a company of her own un
der the management of the Lyceum
Bureau in Boston. In Europe several
years ago she recited before the Prince
and Princess of Wales. Besides edu
cating herself and her sisters she has
paid off a mortgage on her father's
farm and recently built her parents a
fine home at Colfax. A fine new the
ater In Colfax has been named Ridge
way in her honor.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Fine Weather Attracts Big
Crowds of People to the
Wharves Along the Bay
Young Woman Once Waitress
Educates Herself and Be
comes a JFamous Reader
Superintendent Arms White
Men and Sends for Offi
cers to Preserve the Peace
MISSILES ARE HURLED
VISIT THE WATEE EBONT
REMABKABLE i CAREEE
Washington Girl Eeturns as
a Dramatic Star to Scene
of Her Humble Beginning
Transport Dix Will To-Day
Begin Loading Shipment
of Stock for Manila
Slamittack Japanese Under
ground Workers at Tread
.well and a Fight Occurs
SPIRIT OF WAR
STIRS MINERS
READY TO TAKE
COSILY CARGO
FROM KITCHEN
TO CLASSICS
One mishap occurred during the race.
The sloops Mignon and Emma had
rounded Goat Island shoal buoy and
were beating out to Presidio shoal
buoy. While the Emma was on the
starboard tack and the Mignon on the
port tack, the Mignon struck the
Emma with her bowsprit, making a
hole and doing other damage. The
Mignon's bowsprit was snapped off
short.
The actual sailing times of th* first firs
boats were as follows: Ruby, 2 hours 11
minutes and 2S seconds; Emma, 2 hours and 2
minutes; Aeolus, 2 hoars 4 minutes and B2
seconds; Speedwell. 1 hour GS minutes and C3
seconds; Thelma, 2 hours 8 minutes and 33
seconds.
The annual handicap race In cruising
rig of the Corinthian Yacht Club held
yesterday was highly successful, thirty
boats crossing the starting line and
twenty-one finishing. About a score
of prizes was awarded, the first five
being taken by the sloops Ruby. Em
ma, Aeolus, Speedwell and Thelma, m
the order named. The start was across
a line drawn from Peninsula Point to
the stakeboat May, thence to and round
Goat Island shoal buoy, leaving It on,
the starboard hand, thence to ana
round Presidio shoal buoy, leaving It
on the starboard hand; thence the
finish across the starting line. The
wind was light at the start and the
finish^ but in the channel there was
a strong breeze with a heavy sea. The
little yawl Klttiwake made excellent
time out to Presidio shoal buoy, but
on the last leg struck a calm spot and
was overhauled by several of the
yachts. A handicap was assigned to
each yacht according to her speed, the
little sloop Vixen receiving the longest
start and Haruoon being the scratch
boat. Neither finished.
Thirty Boats Start In Annual Cndsing
Rig Regatta of Corinthian
yacht Club.
SLOOP RUBY WINS FIRST
PRIZE IX HANDICAP RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALK, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1904.
10
AUCTION SALES
*» AT" AUCTION^
TSZS SAT.
K0NDAT. JULY 23. at 11 o'clock.
At BRADLBT & SUGRU*3 SALESYARDaL
87 KER1SAXX ST.. Near Valencia.
By order D. D. ARMSTRONG of Susanvr?.
Lassen County. I will gen «o hbat, ~J
CHOICE SOUND YOUNG HORSEsTai~?t
from his ranch. -Included Ma this lot ar»s^r
eral well-matched teams of bays, blacks and
grays. This Is a grand opportunity to get m
good sound horse at your own price. They *r,
i ron * » to 1 years old and have an b"i
positively be sold to th» highest bidder.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
Wednesday, July 27
I irVl sell at PUBLIC AUCTION
THB ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE PALO
ALTO LIVERY STABLE.
320 CFARRELL ST.. bet. Mason and Taylor
Conelsting of 67 ALL-PURPOSE HORSED*
83 VEHICLES. BUSINESS EI'CGm «to
RETS. 3-SEATERS. EUSES, WAGOVETTEq'
all kinda of WAGONS. 60 SETS OP Hin
NESS, ROBE9. WHIPS, BARN FIXTU1>^S
This sale is positive; no reserve cr limit • must
be sold, as building Is being remode!ed for
other purposes and mu><t vacata at once
WM. CLOUGH. Auctioned.
*V^ SPECIAL AUCTION SALE— ARCADH
5^> HORSE MARKET. 827 SIXTH ST
WEDNESDAY. July 27, at 11 a. m. 1 win sell
27 head of good driving horses: also a lot of
good draft horse*, buggies, wagons and har.
nesa. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
' RAILWAY TRAVEL,
yf{~tj*j> K TmlBi leave and are da*
/^<TrV>^r\ to arrive at
ffi~|j|gf^8AN PBAKCISCO.
X^CJLJX ffoat *f Market Strwt >
!"**« - MAIN LINE. -AaarTT
7C0a V«eaTlIl«. Winters. R'imsQy .„¦ 7I0S
7 CO a B«nicla. Klm!r» *nd S*er»iaon».. tm.
7-JOa Vailpjo. K«a«. Caitstarv BaaU
_ __ Ro«». M«rtla«, Saa BamM.^.. t.20»
7^A MU«^Trac7. l*U»rop, BiocJcto«..^ 7.23*
tXQASbasta Kxpress— (Via DarMX
Wtlllams (f<>r Bartlett Syrian).
WUiowa, tPrato, Ued Bide.
PorUaad. Tacwms, Senttle...... 7.B0*
ittA Darts. Woodland, Knftbts Laadl&c
ttAzysTda. Chlco. OrevCle — 7.53»
¦¦MA Pe»« Coatv Martlnea, AaUaeb.
By*oa. Tracy. Stooktaa. New-
saaa. he* B*&m, M«m«»ta>
ArmoAa, naaford. YUalla,
PorMrrille .._ .^ i^fim
tJCA Port Cesta. Modesto. U ere e<
J"r«3o. Q«saen JaaoUoa. Baa-
ford. Ylsaila, Bakenteld „ ... 450»
I JO* Nile*. Saa Jom, LlTersiore, Staefc-
t»a. (tMllton), !•¦•, Sasraoieata.
Marysrille. Chic*. R«4 Bluff .... 4£0»
kVMA OakAal*. CDtaoM. JaoMatowa. a*.
aora, Toolumn? aad Aagets ..... 4.20»
t.BtU ABactJcIExpreM— Ogdeaaa4Sas». 5^0»
8-SCa Blc&mond, MarUaas and War
Btalto&t -•¦¦¦¦.¦'i.r. t-M»
YS-MATae Overlaad Llailte* — Otdeu.
Ots aba, Chicago, OeaT«r. T.nwi
-___ ,Ci»y. St. Loot* . l»i.
JOJOa Yallejo. TZ2tU»
VMIOa Lm Ainin ruraicer — Part
Ooata, Mart&aes, Byroa. Traey.
Latsrop. Stockton. Mereed.
RaysMad. Fresoa. Oosaea Jaa*.
Uon. Uaarorc, Lsesoora, YlsaUa.
Bakersflev Lm Aogek* 7.JT!>
If X3n Haywara. Nllea a«4 Way StattaM. 5J0»
fl-CO"" Bacraatento RItct Steamers. t11.33»
3 30** Bealeia, WiBters. Sacraaaeat*.
W«o«taa<|. WtUova. Kal^hiM
Laading, MarycrQIa, Or«ri>I«
aad vny itaaoofl 1350*
I-S0* Harvard, Kites aad Way Buttons.. 7.6O
4 -CO M trtlae*.S« n K»a«n. V«l!««o.5a? a,
Callssoga. Saata R*«a. 9 20a
4C0p Knea. Tracr. Staektoa. I,o<Ji 4.2D<»
4 iOf H»r-»*r^. NHes. Irrtngtoa. Saa) t8.60A
___ Joan. LiTermore 1 tli.BOA
BCupThs Owl Limited — Strau. Los
Baooa. MnKloia, Frsrao. Talara,
-L. Bakertfleld. Los Angeles. ._... tS0«
TS J?Ot» Bayward, Nlies aad Sao Jem ..... 720i
6.C0pH*ywsnl.KIlesaad Saa Jose 9 50a
6.00PK»u*ra EiprfM— Opdea. Onaba,
Cbtcaco. UenTer. Kaaiaa CUr.
St. Loots, Tla Martinez. SMektoa,
Sacrament*. Colfax. Beua..^.. t25D»
0.OOi» Vallejo. dally. ezce»t Siradsy ... . • , ...
7X0PVaIleJo, Sunday oaly f 7*8*
7X0PKlchmond, Saa Pablo, Port Coaia,
MarUaei and Way SUtloas 11.20a
/.OOP Reno Passenger— Port Costa. SoJ-
snn. Klnlra. Daris. Sacran>cato^
Truckrc, Lake Taaon. Ecao,
-__ Tonopah. Spark* 7 53a
¦ OSp Port Coata, Martinez. Byroa.
Traey. Lathrop. KoJrito,
Merced, Berenda, Frena and
Way Stations beyond Port Cost a 12-20>
8-06p Toaemlte Valley, tla Beread* aad
Waweaa 8-50a
• X5p Uaninex. Tracy. Stockton 1023a
S-06P Ora«ua * Cal'.lorala Kiprei »— P»o-
rameato, U^ryiTtlle, lloditlo*.
Portland, Paget Sonad aad Saat. 8 50*
B.itv Bayward. Nllea aad Sao Jo»c -(3«a-
— dayonly) 1U0»
COAST LINE <.1**r<»w «*sg«).
(root of Market Street.)
7^45 a Santa Cras ExcarsloD(Sundaf only) S-10*
8-1 5a Kewark. Centcrrllle. Saa Jo*o,
Fel tan, Boaider Creek. BtgBaaim,
Santa Crux and Way Statloaa. .. S 55 »
19-1 6a Alrarado. Newark, Saa Joso, \a>%
Oatoa.GTenwood, Feltna, Bowlder
Creek. Big Basin, SaaU Ctm.... I1C»
12-15** Kewark. CenterTllle. Ssa J»so,
New Alniadea, Lot G »t«*.yeiu>a.
Boulder Crack, Saata Cras aaa
Prlaclpal Way Statiosa 13.55*
4.16^Hewark. Baa Joae. L*s Gnu*..... fS-SSA
4-1&P Wrlgbt, B»aldsr Cre«k and SaaU
Craz. Satardar and Svaday only. *855*
COAST LINE (Br»a4 -aagsL
XW (TBlrd and iowTiieod Streets.)
' 6.10a Saa Joie and Way Stations. 6 53a-
t7 00A Saa J«ie aad Wny Stations 6 40«»
7.15a Monterey and Sanu Cms Kicor-
slon (Sunday only) 10-30i*
• CD* N>w Alaiaden (Tues^ ytid.. ealy). 4.ia^
¦ 00a Tne Coaster— Saa Jose. Saliaaa.
I San Ardo, Paso BoMea. BaaU
• Margartu, Saa LntsOblspo. Saata
Barbara. San Boeaavsntnra,
MontalTo. Ozaard, Baraaak, Loa
Angeles 10.4SO
tOOA GKroy. HoUlater. CaatrorCle, D«t
Monte, Pacific Groro. Surf, Loia-
poc 13 45»
1.00a S*b Jote. Tres Plnea.Watsonrflle.
CspiiolA. Saata Cras. Paelflo
Grove. Sattaaa Saa L«!s Oblspo
aad Pr!aol^»: Way Statloaa. ... 4.10»
IOJOa 8«b Jot* aad Way Stations. 1.20*
U-30ASantA Clara. San Jose. Laa Oatos
aaU Way Stations 7.30»
1 3Cm Ssa Jose and Way StaUoaa ... .."."." a 33 A
t3CO*>0«4 Saoate Sxpreaa (except 8na- r
4ay> — 3aau Clara, Ban Jom.
WaMonrille. Santa Croz. Dd
Monte. Monterey. Paclflc Orore. t12.1S»>
3-3fP Bontn^anie, San Jo«e, Gitroy. Hot-
lister. Trea Ptno'.PaJaro.WatMO-
Ttlle. Capllola, Shu Criu, Caa>
trorillr, Snllnis. P*ciacOroTt... 10 45a
4.3CP *an Joa« aad Way Stati«aa.. .. taiiaA
t6 OOP Santa Clara, San Jose, Let Oatoa, '•^ M " %
Wright and prtaelpal War Si*-
'LL m Uons (exept Sunday) rS.DOA
|530p SaBjoaeandPriaclaalWaySuUona \%AZm
6 45p Snoset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose,GllruT.SallaamPaao Bobiea.
Saa Lais Oblspo. Saata Barbara,
Los Angeles. Denting. Kl Pas*.
New Orlfaos. Xew York .. 710*
5.45pPaJaro, Watson rille, Cap'.tola, 1 .,„___.
Sanu Cruz. CaatroTiUe. r»el \ \ J?*?*
Monte, Paclfln erere ) t1(M5#»
tS-IBp &«aMateo,Beresford.Belia«a^3aa
Carlo*. Kedwood. Tatr Oaka,
Jlenlo Park. Palo Alto t8 4«a
SJOp» Saa Jose and WaySuuooa. 6 38 a
8-COp Palo Alto and Way SuUons 1U.15a
11 .30p South SanFraaclsco, Mlllsrae, Bur-
i'.n^nrae, San Uateo, Belmont.
Baa C'arloa. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Mer.lo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45«.
¦11-30PMa7lleld. Mountain View, Saaay-
>al«, Lairreace, Sanu Clara aad
aa Jo™ t9.48»
A for Morning. p for Aftaraooa.
1 8nnda» exempted. t Sqndur cmlr
«. SaturOay only. • Monday gnlT.
_{ b iQP« at all statloas oa Snai*^
a I TO SARRAFAEL
! CAZADERO, Etc
\ Via Sausallto rerry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGE,
Depart from San Francisco, week day« at
8:30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. ll:oo£ "
a nx. 12:20. 1:00^ i:«. 2:30. 3:13 4% 4M
6:15. 8:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. J0:i-0, - liS»
p m.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days «-it
7:00. 7:35. 8:15 S:«. 0:33. 10:20. 11:05V m
12:03. 1:25. 2:50 3:35. 4:20. 6:03. 5:« eii
6:55. 7:53. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays ana
legal holldaya extra trains arrive at 12:43 2 01
8:60 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m.
3:15 p. m.. 8:15 p. m. <ex. Sat). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:43. 8:30. 9:13. 10^00
11:00 11:40 a, in.. 12:20. 1:9^ i :J^ 2 :jo A
and 8:15 p. m. 7** *•**
THROUGH TRATM3.
7:43 a. m. daily— Cazadero ana way stations.
9:15 a, m. Sundays only— For Point Reyas,
3:15 p. m. dalty except Sunday— Vor *Caza-
dero. etc.
8:15 p. m. dally except fcaturday and gun-
day— For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m,. Sundays only— For Potat R«y*s.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays oaly — For Casaderaw ata_
TICKET OFFICE-«2aMarket it^
TEIUIT— Union Depot, Xoot oC Morktt it. J
RAJIiWAY TRAVELfc
icALIFORNIA M
I LIMITED TO CHICACOH
I LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS g
gat 5>::t(> a. m., through ia 3 aays,«|
g with diner and all trapping!. ra
Other Santa Z*e Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
lioo p~. m'.] Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8?CO p. m. for Kansas) City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFriCES— 641 Market St. and
rerry Depot. S. P. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 37 South Flxat St.,
San Joae.
CAI IFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
W\ FRAKGISCO AND NORTH PAGlFi)
EAILWAY COMPAmr.
Tibnron Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAN PBAXTCXSCO TO SAK RAFAEL.
\VEEK DAYS — T:30. S:UO, 9:00. 11:00 a. ax;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:3%
2:30 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAET BATAEL TO SAK PBANCXSCO.
WEKK I>AYt>— «:06. 6:50. 7:35 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 8:00. 5:20.
ti:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40 4:50. 5:00., 5:20. 6:23. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
I>?ave I In Kffect I Arrlre
San Fran. I May 1. 190*. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( tlon. ) days. | Days.
7:30a 7:43 a 7:45a
7:30a 8:00a 8:4Oa ,£ : J2 a
8:00a 9:30a Ignaclo. 1O: 2° al 2 : S*
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 9
7:23 p
¦' 8:45 p
710 a 7-30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:C0. »:06a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:3Oc 9:30 a Petaluma. S^i p 2'^? p
0:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7: J p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 1 O: =» • W;™ »
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. J 25 p 6.>0p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8.45 p 7-ap
Windsor. -.
7:30 a 7:80 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2-30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p 7:28 9
Cloverdale. .
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Ho^Ufl |« : » "I 1 ?!?? »
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. I » :23 p| 7.23 p
7-30 a I 7:30 a[ E^rwood. j 7:23 p| 7:25 p
"slooifs^OOaj Guerneville and 110:20 a|10:2O *
"•30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8.45 p| C.-O_p
~B-nft n «-no"a 8:40 a 8:40 a
5-10 d » : 30a Sonoma, 6:00 p 6:20 p
5- P rmOd Glen Ellen. ( 8:45 p
-i-m.i 7 . 30a ,l jlb:20 a|10:20 a
Zjojl 2.-30PI Sebastopol. | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
" ktaGES connect at Santa* Rosa for Whita
Bu!nmar Springs and Mark West Springs; a«
for Burke' s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
fvitoS Spring" at Geyserville for Ekagg.
brings- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vini and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
S'J .Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
S P ? «fnr'lng«f Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
«nrin«- at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
lor ngs' Bl«e kts - **^ eX Dell Lake. Witter
ISriSS' UPPer Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
Tohn Day's. Riverside, Lierleys; Bucknell's.
Sannedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
loring"; Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hcpkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
westoort. -U«al: at Wlllits for Fort Brag!
AVestpcrt. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
ville Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer". Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
rC Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. ¦
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Murket street. Chronlcl*
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R_ X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tla K&asaUU Ftrrj Arrive
Ban Fraucisco K««t «f M»rtet tt. San Francisco
Week Sun- _ma_ , fcuu- Week"
Days, daya. jf&mZmS^ /days. Days.
........ 8:30a R5*SSslfl r2;45r» 8:4B*
10:00 a BUSgBBB 2;05f*I1:05a
10:00a 11:00a 3:35 r 3:35 p
l:45rl2;20p 6:40 r 6:16 1
5:16 r 1;46r TO@*r fi:16r 10:01 1
4;35r 8-.50F
•TlaCnrltr Car. ¦ Tnmalsais U Mm Tallsy.
Ticurr 1626 Market &t (North Ohore Rallroadl
Orricu ]aad 8av»auxo f imJj root Market S\
B003CS AHP BOABP.
TWO tunny rooms and board, 8 adnlta. in prl*
rite Jewish family; terms reasonable; stats
foil particular*. Box 27t2, Call.
CLJI.T. 1105— 3*nrclsiied room aad twstr*.
CI>ATT0X. C5— Rooms and boar* for 8 la
private faraily; reasonable. -
£r>DT. 112S. cpp. Jeffarwm Park — Tina fum.
lannj rooms: table board: r—a.; ww maaajr.
ELIJS. 45S — Flno furntrtrd rooms; excellent
table board: rood location. - .
FXLLMOIU:. 10OT— Flr.» furn'.ahed rooms;
vuar.y, tvriv*r.!mt and modern: tab!* board.
jmiNl?HrT>~rc«c». with board, tn Onnan
fataUy. A«£n«a box 2TS1. Call offlc*.
UOvTaUU, VirA^Ftm-rtan board and room.
«ta«> or d«!!»l*. »>-»« »t: Amrrioj family.
IIAV^nrv^nNKT^rS, &ht Harrison— l*iea»ant
r*w» f«r Jv^of* la^r. with board reaaormbia.
Ft«T*R»p!s alartiv"*-. epp. Grac» f^jurch. annex
<TT - jtro rv!?n learn r^-*** try table
SPOTS VTAJTIXg.
WANTU^-i ur.rarr.J»>.«sS r>x«tn» for llrht
houf»k««T tRg: »lrvc>e I«ay. Vox. 2778. Call.
STORAGE AND WJLXEE0X7SES.
A EMPORH'M ftorai:* &. Van Co.; furniture,
!-. cue* h >¦..*. sTOOiS* atcireJ. ciovrd. ehlrpe-d. 7iJ-
7SJ Howard «t.. or. Third; phon* Grant 161,
GILBERT & 6TOLX. Ftoraire Co.: frtorage.
paelelns Khlpr'^S lrarehoua*. O. G. and Van
Nest; office 1170 Market, r. 43: tel. South 750
CAPITAL. Van and Ftrtras* Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
pbone Mint 2M1; JOHN F. COOPER, prec.
furr.lture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIEUCE-ROIX1LPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
flc* Poa-t sr.d Potrei: ••«. : tel. Prl. Ex. 3TI.
OCNKX.T?C'B Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN 'West Etorsce; advances mafic. 850
Mission St.: tel. Howard £41. F. V. Zehfusa.
. —
PACIFIC Ftorape and Fumitur? Moving Com-
pany. £S2Q Flllmor* «t- : phone Jackeon 2S1.
BEXXNS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at., tfl. Main 1S40. Phipr'.r^c at cut rates.
SPECIAX gQTICES.
THE eecr»Ury ti tne St. Francin GlrK Di-
rectory Orphan Asylssm herewith elves notice
that the following crphan. half-orphan and
abandoned boys and pir's have been admitted j
to the susy^ura at Central ave. am! Waller st.
from January 1. 3904. *n July 1. 1004 : Carol j
Dr*ni, 19 yrs. ti mo?.; Harry DrexO. 3 yrs. 6 j
tBOS. j
EEyPrQ ACT^ STTPPrvnSS.
TOTJ ar» tavltrd to attend the great exhibition
ef art sewing machine* and embroideries
will commence *t tlie White Co'*, new
office. 815 Market f:.. Avicusl 1.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; be*t
Is cheapest; second -hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowert rat's. Domes-
tlc of£cB. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
STA3L2S TO LEt! |
0TAEL>C room for backing. 36 Brady st.,
o2 Market, bet. 12th and 13th.
T T X'EWBITr RS AKD SUPPLIES.
AN excepticnnlly good No. 2 Reminirtcn. No. 1
Esilth Premier. J^5; other typewriters at
Uglier and lower rriee* : rentals $'J SO. Th«
TTPewriter Exchange. 5-"J6 Callfoinla Ft.
ST>-HJIND t> if writers sold. r"nted. repaired.
Webfter Typewriting Ir.Fp^c. Co.. LOS Market.
Y^Jh
XdOTHEIiS' and daughters' heme treatment:
booklet mailed free: correspondence invited. !
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave. j
PXVXDZgP KOTICZS.
A MONTHLY dividend cf 5 cents per ehare on I
the preferred capital stock of the United |
Milk Company has been declared, now pay-
etle at the office of the company at .124
Montgomery Ft.. F. F. R<»g-::iar monthly
dividends will be raid in future.
PBOPCSAX^
DEPARTMENT cf the Interic*. Office of In-
dian Affaire. "Washington. D. C-. July is.
1904. — Nctice Is htreby given that bids for !
the purchase of unleaded BesTegateii ccal and I
asphalt lands asd ur.Ieased segregated coal |
and asphalt depocits will be opened by the !
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at hi« offlc*.
In Washington, at dates as follows: For the
purchase of tracts vithin the MoAlerter Dis-
trict tNo. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time), Monday. October 3. 1904; for tracts
In the Wilburtcn-Stijrier Uistrict (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time). Monday, De-
cember 5. 1904; for tracts in the Kcwe-Po- j
teau District (Xo. C). at 2 o'clock p. m. '
(Eastern time). Monday. February C. 1905;
for tracts in the McCurtaia-Mas!»?y District
<No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. < Eastern time),
Mcr.day. April 3, 1^05; for tracts in the Irf-
hUrh-Ardmore District (Xo. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Mor.day. June 5 1905;
1 end for tracts in District No. 6 (urileased
e^eresated arphalt la.ri<1s). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, August 7, 1903
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits
to be eo!d end ccpies of the regulations of
June 17. 19IH. governing the sale of the un-
• leased segregated coal and a?phalt lands and
1 unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
effice or the United States Indian Agent.
t;nion Agency, Maskoffee, Indian Territory.
Bids rcuet be on the prescribed form, which
will be found in the regulations. A certified
. check or draft for twenty per cent of the
• mount of the bid must accompany the bid
The lands will be. cold for each, and succesp-
' ful bidders will be required to deposit with
! the Commissioner cf Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them of notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der fail* to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time epecified the check deposited
fcy him as an «rridence of pood faith will be
forfeited to th- use of the Choctaw and
I Chtckasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause '"subject, however to
?rletlng right* of way for railroads." A. C
TONNEIt, Acting Commissioner. Depart-
' tnent cf Interior, Washington D C
July 13, 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN*
Acticr Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 12. 1904.— Sealed
propoaala. in triplicate, wiil be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 27. 1904. and then
cpenea. for construction of wharf at Dis-
charge Camp, Angel Island. Cal.. Including
coal ehed thereon; Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all bids in
whole er in part. Information furnished on
application. t» WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Quartermaster.
AITD STAMKEEIHO.
AT Melbourne Instltu^r^VsrTi^sT'&^arkeC
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne la U. S.: private; established 3
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to S pm.
BIRTHS— MAERIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b* inserted. They murt be handed
In at either cf the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorised to have the same published
Notices restricted eimply to the announcement
cf the event are published once ia this column
fr*e of charge.
BORN. —
m o1 H cT I g. t u'i'ch dt a-. J o U n : y * "*"• " ** ~"«
DIED.
Beall. Reason B. Ilayee, Anna
Eroanan. Jcrr.es . Hunt. William
Brouquet, Jean Huribut, Charies M
Carroll, Robert Menech. Simon
Clancy. John T. Morris. Edward
Ferguson. Frances Neumann.- Frederick
Gatpar. Frank C. Kiocum. Ruth li
¦¦ Gaughran. James Santos. Argelita
GU-jb.tich. John A- Hnelllng. Arthur
Oolden. Mathew J. Kpeck, .William J.
Harris*. Charles S. .
BEALL— In this city. July 23. 1904, Reason!
B.. dearly beloved husband of Mary J. 1
Beall. and father of Thomas B.; William F. '
Grover H.. Clarence R. and. George A. !
Heall, a native of Cumberland Md., aged '
CS year*, a member of . General Geonre <3 1
Mcade Po«t No. 4*. G. A. R.. and San Fran-
csbco letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Asso- ¦
elation. j
C^Krien-li nrd acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- '
<icnce. 313 Liberty street, above Church. ;
• Interment National Cemetery, Presidio.
Members of General George G. Meade Post 1
No. 48. G. A. R.. are requested to attend the *
funeral of ' our late comrade. Reason B. •
Beall, from his late residence," 349 Liberty
< street, above Church, Tuesday. July 20, at !
2 o'clock.
W. P. TOOTHACKER. Commander.
XV. T. HOWE. Adjutant. i
BROSNA>* — In this city. July 23. 1904. I
Jcmes. dearly beloved son of Dennis and !
Ellen Brornan. a native of Massachusetts, I
aged 29 years. i
C7The funeral will take place to-day •
James McGinn. Henry Hansen, 1
jambs McGinn & co.. x
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
¦ ¦ Funeral Directors and Embalmera— — '
st.; TeL_Sonth S76. j
(MecdaT), at 6:o& ayelock. from tl» P«*»
of J. a O'Connor 4Cft. 7B7 Mission •treet.
them* to chapel of Bt, Mary's Hospital,
where a requiem mass win be celebrated for
the repos* of h!» soul at 7 O'clock. Inter-
ment Holr Cross Cemetery.
BROUQUET— In this dty July 34 1004.
Jean, dearly beloved father of Mrs. Aj
Castex and Marie Brouquet. a natlv» of
France, aged 6» year* 11 mootta and 24
ETICotlc* of funeral fceraaftar. Xternalns;
at parlors cf H. Castacnaito & Ob* 643-645
Vallelo street.
CAIUtOLLr— In tMa city. .July 24, 1904, Robert
Carroll. b#lovf*J father of Mrs. P. J. Busch
and Margaret Carroll, a ruuiro of Ireland,
aged 40 years. A member of Etablemen a
Union Xo. 8760.
CXRemalns at parlor* of McFadden.
MoBrearty A Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
CLANCr— In this city, July 23. 1004. John T..
dearly beloved son of Thomas C. And Ann
W. Clancy, and beloved brother ot Henry
O.. Charles A,, Joseph A, and the late David
Clancy, a native of San Francisco, aged 40
years 7 months and 24 days.
C7The funeral will taka plao* to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resiaenc*
of his parents, 9 Perry street, thence to 8t,
lloae's Church for sen-ices, commencing at 0
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
FKHGUSON- In thia city.' July 24, 1904.
Frances A., beloved wire of Edward Fer-
guson, and mother of Frank D. Ferguson,
a native of. Illinois, aged 44 years 11 months
and 16 days. - .
GASPAR— In Newman, July 21, 1904, Frank
C.. dearly beloved son of Joseph C. and
Maria Ciuspar. and devoted brother of Jo-
seph Ga*par. a native of Portugal, aged "3
year*.
If Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July SC, 1004. at 0 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Oodrau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to Yglesia de Nuestra
Benora de Ouadalu:>e. liroadway. near Ma-
son j-treet. where a mass will be held for
the repose of his soul, commencing at Q:o0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GADGHBA3C— In this city. July 23. 19C4,
Jamea. beloved husband of Mary Gauchran,
an.l dearly beloved father of James, Jennie, j
Hohcrt. Teresa. Frances and Joseph.
O.iughran. Mrs. T. F. Banr.an and Mrs. T.
\Y. Kelly, a native of County Westmeath,
Ireland, aged fa years. iXew York papers
l>l*-2.ne copy.)
E^The funeral -will take place to-day
(Monday), at S:30 o'clo.-k. from his l3te resi-
dence. i4HT HarrlEon street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reiiose
of hls< bouI at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
t'ross Cemetery.
GLIUSETICH— In Old Mountain View. Santa
<"lura County. July 1M. 190-1. John A.
Clivb'-tich. beloved uncle of Koko. Tony, |
Doinlna and Kate Besich and Mrs. K.
1'areua. a native of Austria, aged OS years
- months and 10 days.
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from his
late residence, on Hay street. Old Mountain
View, to-morrow (Tuesday), July 20, at 10
o'clock. Interment Santa Clara.
GOIJJKX— In this city. July SS. 1904. Mathew
James, beloved husband of Mary («o!den. and
fatl'er of Ilattie tiolu^n. and son of John
and ilargaret <io!den. « native of Xew York,
aged .'I'J years 6 months and 2o days.
C3"Friend.s and acquaintances and mem-
bers of San Francisco Camp Xo. 4.'t". W.
O. W.. are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral Monday. July 25, at 1 o'clock, from
his late residence. "139 Sixteenth street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for ser-
vices at 1 :'M) o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.'
HARKIPS— In Santa Clara. July 23, 1004.
Charles S. Harriss, brother of John D. and
Dr. Mary A. Uarrlss, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 37 years 7 months and 5 days.
cyKriT Is ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Clark &• Booth, (U2-C14 Van Xess avenue.
betwf<»n Golden Gate avenue and Turk
ureet. thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter- |
ment I'oly Cross Cemetery. - by electric car J
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BATES— Ia this city. July 22, 1904. Anna, be-
loved wife of the late J). E. Ilayee, and
mother of Edward. Agnes and Cella Hayes, j
a native of Ireland. ,
E7Friends and ncn'jaintances are respect- 1
fully invited t* attend the funeral to-daj J
? Monday), at » O'clock, from her late re«i- j
d»r.ce. 1224 Bucl.aiian street, thence to St. j
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
¦naas will be celebrated for the repose of
h«r toui. commencing at »:-".O o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Ometery.
HirXT— In this city, July 2.5. 1904. William
Hunt, a native of England, aged 07 year?.
HUKLHt'T- In this city. July 24. 1904.
Charles M. Huribut. beloved husband of
May Huribut. and beloved father of Mary
Huribut. a native of Pennsylvania. (.Denver
pai>ers pleaae copy.)
MEXECK— In this city. July 22. 1904. Simon
Mene-ch. a native of Hungary, aged 71 yearn.
K?"Frier»ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral to-day
(Mouday). at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 057 Mission street,
between Filth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MonRI?— In this city, July 21. 1804. Edward j
J., beloved husband of Theresa A. Morris,
and brother of Mary and Cora Morris, a
native of Fan Francisco.
NEUMANN— In this city. July 23, 1904. Fred-
erick Neumann, a native of New York, aged
¦ 42 y»ars 0 months and 23 days.
CTRcmains at parlors of the Pacific Un-
dertakers. 777 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
SANTOS— In this city. July 23. 1904. Angellta.
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Santnn, and
daughter of Mrs. Concepclon Seivanty and
the late Cicillio Rarnirez, and sister of Mrs.
Tomsusa Yoell and Jennie Servanty. a native
cf Palo Alto. Cal., aged 50 years.
tyFrteadi r.-:o acquiUntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 2t>, at 1 o'clock, from her late resi- |
dence. Broadway, near Montgomery j
street, thence to Washington -square Hall, '
«07 Union street, where services will be I
held under the auspices of Mazzini Circle
No. 1C5. CO F. of A. O. F. ; also member
of Golden Gate Circle No. 11. \>. A. O. D.
Interment Italian Cemetery.
ENELLING — In this city, July 24, 1904,
Arthur, beloved son of Joseph and Annie
Knelling, and brother of William Snelling,
a native of San Francisco, aged S months \
and 14 days.
6LOCUM— In this city. July 23. 1904. Ruth
Burwell Elocum, mother of H. B. Slocum,
and sister of Mrs. 8. B. Satterlee and Dudley
N. Burwell of Portland. Or., aged 67 years
1 month and 4 days. (Herklmer County. N.
Y., pai>«r please copy.)
ICTThe funeral sen-ices will be held to-
day (Monday), 'at 2:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SPECK— In this city. July 23. 1904, ¦William
James Speck, a native of South Africa,
aged 67 years 2 months and 28 days.
IC?Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.AMERICANS. AND BRITONS
FLAY POLO IN RUSSIA
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTION'S.
First race — Lady Lou, Stella M, La
Princess. j
Second race — Turrando, Yellow
Hammer, Ascot.
Third race— Broomhandle, Loretta
M., Hadrian.
Fourth race — First Mason, Just 1 So,
Sambo.
Fifth race^ — Baa d'Or, Six Shooter,
Byron Bose.
Sixth race — Dr. Hart, Lemon Girl,
Kind's Court.
Vanderbllt's Truande Wins.
PARIS, July 24.— William K. Vander
bilt's Truande won . the Prix de Mon
tigny, seven and a half furlons, at-St.
Cloud W-<iay 4
TIirEL31AX IS A REAL STAR.
Pitches Great Eleven Inning Game
and Scores Winning Run.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 24.— The
lirxtxrn*. with Jake Thielman as the
inain guy, beat the Tacoma Tigers by
a score cf 2 to 1 to-day. Jake won the
victory. It was his single in the ninth
that drove in Danny Shea with the
tying run, and in the eleventh his vai
the winning- run. He made a headlong
£ive to first base, beating out an In-
Old hit by an eyelash, etole second
with, a long slide, and slipped under
Uncle Tries Hitt Out and He Does
Fairly Well.
ANGELS TAKE FINAL- GAME.
LOS ANGELES, July 2 4. —Los An
geles won the last game of the .first
championship series from San Fran
cisco to-day by the score of 5 to 3.
The game was slow and at times un
interesting. San Francisco tried out
Amateur Hitt, whom they batted out
of the box in one inning last Thurs
day. He was more successful against
the locals and pitched a creditable
game. Score:
£an Francisco — ( Los Angeles^ —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
V\aldn.cf 5 12 3 0 Bernrd.cf 2 0 0 2 1
Hildeb.3b 4 112 3 Flood.2b. 4 0 14 4
"f^ny.rt * © 1 5 O:Smith,3b 4 1110
Twnsd.lb 4 10 5 3Brashr,lb2 0 0 7 0
Miller.2b 2 0 0 1 0 Cravth rf 4 •» 1 •» 0
Andsn.zs 4 0 11 2!Uoss.lr.. 4 114 0
L-ahy.c. 4 0 2 4 HWhelr.ss 4 13 14
Gorton.lf 4 « O O ©:Spie»,t;.. 4 0 0 0 0
K^ S 3 I . Pj _o_x_o_o
T.tai, siisnl Total130 5 827 9
RUNS AND HITS BT INNLN'GS.
Lo* Anseles 00 00 120° x 5
Hase bits 1 .0 1 0 1 2 0 3 x_8
San Francisco.... 00100002 0 a
Base bits 112OOOO3 0 7
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Brashear. Errors -- Flood
Kmitli, Brashtar. Knell, Anderson, Wheeler'
lliroe-base hit — Waldrcn. j Two-base hits —
NVwton. Wheeler. Cravath. Sacrifice hits—
Newton. Bernard. First base on errors Los
Ancele* 2. Ssn Francisco 4. Left on bases— Los
Angelc* 7, San Francisco C. Bases on balls
Off Hltt 3. ,\£trurlc out — Hitt 3, Newton 2.
Doublt pIays- T Htl<3ebrand t<» Townsend to
HiMebrand to Anderson, to Hlidebrand to
Millrr. . Time of game — One hour aad forty-fiv«
CHICAGO, July 24.— The locals started in
like winners to-day, but after Ames had been
retired and replaced by McGinnity in the
sixth, they failed to score again. The visitors
hit Welmcr hard and scored Hv« runs In three
Innings, when Wicker relieved him. Attend
ance. 27.000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 11 2
New York 6 13 2
Batteries — Weimer. Wicker and Kling;
Ames. McGinnity,. Warn«r and Bowerman.
Umpires — Emslle and O'Day.
CINCINNATI. July 24.— Four bases on balls
and five singles gave the Clncinnatis six runs
in the first inning. The handicap proved too
much for . the Bostons, who took things easy
thereafter. Hahn held the visitors safe
throughout. Attendance, 6100. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 11 16 1
Boston • 4 7 3
Batteries— Hahn and Schlel. McKlchols and
Needh-tm. Umpires — Moran and Carpenter.
BT. LOUIS. July 24.— St. Louis and Phila
delphia broke even on a double-header. Mc-
Farland ¦ outpttched Frazer In the first. 1 the
home team hitting the Phtladelphiah hard. A'
battlne rally off Nichols In the eighth Inning
won the second game for Philadelphia. At
tendance, 18,900. Score:
First game— R. H. E.
St. Louis '. 10 IT ,1
Philadelphia ........:...... 5 10 " ' 1
Batteries^ — McFarland and Grady, Frazer and
Roth. . . ' * • -
Second game— - ' . R. H. " E.
st. Louis .;../..*...¦..... 2 0 '¦• r
Philadelphia '. .". ; r. ; ." . . . r. 4 12 -- 0
Batteries— Nichols and McLean, Mitchell and
iwiUi, l T iu$ir«— JeliastOM. -
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
New York.. 59 23 .72» Boston 51 23 .638
Chicago 49 31 .613 Chicago 3O 33 .602
Cincinnati ..30 33 .602 New York... 4« 33 .5S2
PiUs-burg ...43 :« .VW; Cleveland ..44 33 .571
St. Loulf....44 3T .543 Philadelphia 42 37 .532
Brooklyn ...31 54 .S65jSt. Louis 34 41 .453
Boston . ; . . .30 65 .333 Detroit • 33 45 .423
Philadelphia 20 60 .250! Washington .18 61 .208
McGINXITY PUTS A CHECK
ON CHICAGO'S RUN GETTING
FAIR GROUNDS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 24. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds:
First race, four and a half furlong's, selling,
maidens— Stella M 108, Fair Una 108. Cernova
104, Imp. Nephenthe 103, Lady Sellers 103.
Bessie Braafleld 103. Tarbula 103, Miss H«uy
100. Hello Girl 99, Mary Maud 09. La Princess
05. Lady Lou 103.
Seccnd race, six fujlongs. maidens — Felix
Mozzes 110, Yellow Hammer 110, Turrando 110,
Room Mate 110, Dan McCue 110, Marquis de
Carabaa 110. Berry Hughes 110. Madoc 107,
Mengis 107, Muscovair 107, Ascot 107, Bustler
107. Hubbard 107, Bob Curt 107.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Loretta M 108, King's Trophy 103, Braden 103
Hadrian 103. Brcomnandle 103.
Fcurth race, one mile, purse — First Mason
114. Sambo 108. Just So 103, Old Stone OS*
Fifth race, one mile, handicap — Six Shooter
108. Bae d'Or 103. Lady Strathmore 103. Byron
nose 102, Litht Opera 100, Glennevis 100.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards sell
ing— Royal Deceiver 10S, Dr. Hart 107, St. Sl
monlan 107. ' Ray 103, Second Mate 10.*!, King's
Court 102. Tony Lepping 102. Varro 102, Little
Corker 100, Burrows 93, Jollier 8S, Lemon Girl
S6. Quaker Girl 86. Easter Walters SO.
Weather clear; track fast.
Battle Delays the Game.
The morning conter was - A slug
ping match and both teams took turns
a.t hammering the ball around the lot.
Oakland hit just a little harder and
managed to win out in the ninth
inning. Then the Seattle players tried
to delay the game in every possible
manner so the score would revert back
to the eighth inning and the game
would be a tie. Clay Hawbaker,
president of the Oakland club, made a
complaint to President Bert of the
league and the latter announced that
he would fine the Seattle team heavily
should this happen again. Th« score:
Oakland— , settle—
AB R H. P. A.! \.B R H P A
E2j5^5 - 2 * ©¦VHltn.Sb 4 n 02 3
S£?^ J Y ! 2 * "Mohlna 3 0 10 3
Gnn.cMf 4113 OShit!s<-f :: o r» •> a
Mkm.!f_p 3 2 2 12 F?i S £if / 4 ? 2 "• 0
g££g } % « 3Wl* a .lU 3 1 2 12 0
feir^ib.lb 3 1 tU Obmith.rf 4 2 0 0 0
£5££5 « I iSss&i i g i I
Gasley.rf J _OJ^j»: Totali.31 7 S 27 15
Total*. 40 II 13 27 12
HU.VS AND HITS BT rxKiXGS.
Oakland 3 0 1 1 0 2 0 0 4—11
B~e hit. 1 0 2 1 1 2< o o t-11
6^a t ,':^::::::o I ? % i I % % $z\
k H £ f 1 £biiv fff " c P kl « *. is Mo«
k:n:an 1. tirors — \ an Haltren 3 R Hall
»ch!afley 2. Ftolen bases— £ch!afle'y 3' Dun
leavy. Devereaux. Thre*-ba*« hits— -Williams
Bill. Frisk. Dunleary. g tre!b . Two-bai" Wti
— Graham. liyrnee. Sacrifice hit— Shield*
First h«»« on erors — Seattle 1. Oakland 2.
JFint b*»e on called balls-Off Williams :j. oft
•Veatfll 2. ©X Mo»kirsan 1. Left on base«—
S'Htle 3. Oakland «. Struck out By Wil
i:*53J 4. by Hopkins 1. by Moskimaa 1 Hit
by pitcher — Streib. Byrnes. Double piayi
MohlfT to Kail to Wil»cn; Moeklman trj
PUiier. Wild Pitch— Wi:i:am.. Tim? of
come — Two hoar*. Umpire— McCarthy.
Britisher.
Fourth race— Lady^ Amelia, Flara
mitla, Graceful.
Fifth race— Himself, Brigand, April
Shower.
Sixth race — Salt and Pepper, Bella
Signora, Ismallian.
First race — Bardolph, Reveille,
Cbamplain.
Second race— Good and Plenty,
Royelle, Mystic Shriner.
Third race — McChord, Glorlfier,
BRIGHTON" BEACH SELECTIONS.
The open stake at Union Coursing
Park yesterday was captured by J.
Dtnnis* Racing Auto. The Refefee ran
against him in the deciding course.
These two hounds were the whole show
and some of the sideshows of the
course. The consolation stake went to
Rose of Gold after a neck-and-neck
dash with Rapid Water. It was a
mournful seance for the pikers, as only
a half dozen short ends got the coin.
Texas Jim at 3 to 1 was the biggest
haul. He scooted away from Honest
John and got the price of sinkers for
numerous short-end takers. The jacks
were strong except in few instances.
Next Sunday the ladies' day champion
stakes will be held at Union Park.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake — Tillie R beat Raby Aurora. 2-0;
In Time beat Hudson, 0-2; Amadan beat
Texas Betty. 5-3; Rural Artist beat Flower
Girl. 5-4; Duhallow beat Rose of Gold, 4-2;
Gold Chain beat Texas Jill, 17-3; Racing Auto
beat Ml Amlgo, 17-8; Sacramento Boy beat
Cubanola. 8-5: Real Article beat Valley Pride.
7-6; Mickey Free beat Idleness, 0-4; Laughing
Water beat McHenry. 8-3: Rocker Arm beat
Rocklin Boy, e-0; Mellwood beat Pagbacci. 11
8; Prometheus beat Rapid Water, 5-0; Texas
Mamie beat Hermit, 23-8; Fancy Free beat
Courtly Guest. 8-3: J. E. H. beat Silver
Cloud, 7-3; The Referee beat Sea Lion. 8-1;
Galveston beat Free From Flaw. 6-4; Rene
gade Apache beat Angus Cissus. 3-2; Gambit
beat Budding Rose, r»-2: Texas Jim beat Hon
est John. 3-O; Vandal beat Royal Friend, 4-3;
Roman Athlete beat Advance Guard, 7-2;
Texas Hoo Hoo beat General Dewet. 5-3; Una
beat Blaze, 6-5; Conroy heat Ina Cirrus, 7-2;
Lord Brazen beat Toronto, 6-0.
Second round — THUe R. beat In Time. 6-5;
Amadan beat Rural Artist. 10-3) Duhallow. a
bye: Racing Auto beat Sacramento Boy. 3-2;
Rocker Arm beat Laughing Water. 9-1; Pro
metheus beat Metlenwood. 3-2: Fancy Free
beat Texas Mamie, 4-2; The Referee beat J E
H 6-5: Galveston beat Renepade Apache.
12-2; Gambit beat Texas Jim. 7-0; Vandal a
bye; Texas Hoo Hoo beat Una, 4-3; Lord
Braxen beat Conroy. 6-2.
Third round — Amadan beat TtlHe R. 11-6;
Racing Auto beat Duhallow. 7-6; Real Article
beat Prometheus. 5-2; Rocker Arm beat Fancy
Free, 5-1: The Referee beat Galveston. 4-O:
Gambit beat Vandal. 6-4 > Lord Brazen beat
Texas Hoo Hoo. 7-5.
Fourth round — Racing Auto beat Amadan,
8-3; Real article withdrawn. Th« Referee a.
bye: Rocker Arm beat Gambit, 6-5; Lord
Braiwn a bye.
Fifth round — Racing Auto beat Rocker Arm.
11-5: The Referee a bye.
Deciding course^ — Racing Auto beat The Ref
eree. 8-4.
Consolation stake: First round— Free From
Flaw beat Budding Rose, 8-0; Rapid Water
beat McHenry, 7-2: MI Amigo beat Rocklin
Boy, P-3: General Dewet beat Texas Jill. 4-3:
Idleness beat Aneus ,'Cl*»us. 6-4: Ina Cissus
b*at Texas Betty, fi-4: Silver Cloud beat Ad
vance Guard. 4-0: Rose of Gold beat Caban
ola. 4-2.
! Second round— Rapid Water beat Tree From
Flaw. 5-4; Mi Amlgo beat General D*wet.
17-6: tdlenew beat Ina Cissus, 11-8: Silver
Cloud beat Rose of Gold. 6-4.
Third round — Rapid Water beat Ml Amigo,
8-«* Rose of Gold beat Idleness, 2-1. -
Deciding course — Rose of Gold beat Rapid
Water. 7-3.
UXION' PARK COURSIXG.
Totals 17C
Runs at tha fall of each wicket— One for 23.
two for 23. three for 32. four for 42, five for
106. six for 121. seven for 160, eight for lS6b
nine for 175. ten for 178.
SUMMARY OF BOWLUTO.
Maid- Wlck-
Bowlers — Balls. ens. Runs, ets,
Casidy 72 0 31 4
Wilkes 128 3 5« 3
Jamieson 60 O 49 1
Bowly IS O 17 1
Lewln 12 0 25 0
WUkes bowled 1 no ball.
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
E. H. il. Lannowe, run out • •
E. H. WUkes, c. Foster, b. F. Croll 17
A. W. Wilding, c. Suhl. b. F. CroU 39
F. Lewin. b. Stahl W
H. D. Bowly. c Foster, b. F. Croll........' 1)
J. Myers, c. Brown, b. Ward 12
W. Petherick. c Stahl. b. F. CroU X
H. C Casidy. not out lft
D. Jaralesoo. b. Ward &
K. R«ad. 1. b. w.. b. Ward 0
B M. Altman. not out 1
Byes 2. no ball 1 ". 3
Totals 122
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 28,
two for 27. three for 78. four for 78. St« for
85. six for S9. seven for 106, eight for 114, nine
tor 114. •
SUMMARY OF BOWLIXO.
Maid- Wlck-
Bowlers— Balls. ena. Rant. ets.
Fortmann '.. m 5 14 -0
Ward ;..132 5 ¦ 43 3
F. Croll 132 1 Z* 4
Stahl ..- #> 1 . 13 1
Foster 3»> 2 « O
Saunders 19 O 6 0
F. Croll bowled 1 no ball.
G. H. Ward, not oat 7
W. G. Fort mam, st. Wilding, b. Casidy. . . a
J. Brown, c Myers, b. Wilkes 1
Byes 2. no bail 1 3
Alameda Eleven Falls to Capture All
Opponents' Wickets Before the
I Call of Time.
The match played yesterday on the
Alameda ground between the Pacific
and Alameda teams ended in a fortun
ate draw for the Pacific club, whose
representatives' had one wicket to fall
and 55 runs to make to win when
stumps were drawn. The Alameda
team went to the wicket first and com
piled the respectable total of ITS runs,
the chief contributors being F. J. Croll
(41). H. Bird (40) and G. Croll (27).
Casidy proved the most effective of the
Pacific howlers, taking 4 wickets for
31 runs.
"When the Pacifies went in they had
to make 177 runs to secure a win or
play out time to get a draw. The first
three batsmen did well, scoring 78
runs, but Petherick and Bowly, who
are generally run-getters, scored only
1 between them. Casidy, however, kept
up his wicket and with Altman was
not out when time was called. F.
Croll and Harold "Ward proved the
most deadly of the Alameda bowlers,
the former taking 4 wickets for 3$ runs
and the latter 3 for 42. The full de
tails follow:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
F. A. Stahl. c. and b. Wilkes 5
W. H. McNaughton, c. "Wilding, b. Casidy. 16
G. I. Baugh, 1. b. w.. b. Wilk.es 6
8. M. Foster, c. Casidy, b. Jamleaon 5
F. J. Croll, run out 41
H. Bird, b. Bowly 40
G. Croll, c Lewln, b. Caaidy 27
J. H. Saunders. c Jamieaon. b. Casidy 19
PACIFIC CRICKET TEAM
DRAWS MATCH LUCKILY
NEW YORK. July 24. — Following
are the entries for to-morrow at
Brighton Beach: •
First race, one and a sixteenth miles — Toi
San fcU, lkki bit. Champlaln M>, Reveille 04,
Bollna 9h, Worry OS, Sir Shep 9U. Kingr^ind
101, Nine Spot 101, Demurrer 101. G. Wfc.t-
U«rr lwa, Phaon ll>4, Sam Craig ll*S, Baruoiph
1W5, Dramatist lm>, Falmouth 10S.
Second race, short course, steeplechase —
Litretto i:io. Trek 13.J. Daylesford 135. Roy
elle 137, Tireless 137, Jiminez 137, Maiden 139,
Gortnagallon 140, Good and Plenty 146, Mystic
Shriner Us, Amur 152. (Maiden, Jiminez and
Amur, Colt entry; Royelle, Daylesford, Cham
bltrtt entry.)
Third race, six furlongs — Metallic 09. High
Life 'JO, Legatee 102, Lightnote 102, Colossal
102, Glowstar 102, Earldom 102, Diamond
Flush 109, Torchello luO, McChord 112, Brit
ish*-r 112, Austin Allen 112. Jack McKeon 112,
St. Bellane 124, Glorifter 127.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Seagull stakes
— Toi San 108, Flammula 100, Graceful 115,
Possession 118, Turquoise Blue 128, Lady
Amelia 126.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — \V. B. Fasig b«. Ulyria SO. Gold Dome
90, Brigand 05, Himself 85, Keynote 95. April
Showers 86, Lord Badge 103.
Sixth race, five and a half furlong!! — Spark
ling 107. Baronetta 107. Throcton 107, Veiled
Lady 107, Bella Signora 107. Gotowin 107,
Rare Music 107. Zeala 107, Rose Mary Kane
107, Sportsman 107, Jsmailian 107. Meadow
Horn 107. Fairy Dance 107, Maxey More 107,
Nightmare 107. Salt and Pepper 107.
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
ZAMPA THE FLEETEST
OF ALL 3IODEL- YACHTS
Carries Off the Pennant and Clip*
Two Seconds From the
Club's Record.
The Zampa, owned by B. Jurgens,
proved yesterday that she is the fast
est boat in the San Francisco Model
Yacht Club. Besides winning tha
pennant for the day, she clipped two
seconds from the club record which
she had previously made. The n«w
record and one that will be hard to
beat is three minutes fiat. The wind
was light, not exceeding ten knots at
any time. Thirteen races were held
before the pennant was disposed-'" ; In,
the final race the Zampa beat the
Apache. The races were won by the
following boats:
First race. Apache 4:0O; second raca. Imp
3:30: third race. Zampa 4:23; fourth race.
Amelia 3:48; fifth race. Imp 3:50; sutu race.
Zampa 3:15; seventh race. Apach* 3:30: eight!*
race. Imp 3:17: ninth race, Zampa 3:23; t-nth
race, .Apache 3:35; eleventh race. Apache 4:0S;
twelfth- race, Zampa 3:00; thirteenth race.
Zazcpa 3:27.
First bases en errors — Tacoma 3. Time of
game — Two hour* and fifteen minutes. Umpires
— O'Connell and McDonald. Attendance — 1500.
Error* — HcCreedle. Beck, Castro. Karned
runi — Portland 1. Tacoma 1. Stolen bares —
McLaughlla. Nadeau (2), Hocan, Thl«lman.
liaises en balls — Off Thielman 2. off Overall 3.
Struck out— By Thielman 10, by Overall* 10.
Twr,-b«se hits — Thielman, Eagan. Sacrifice
hits — Steelman. Eagar.. Left on bases — Port
land 13. Tacoma C Wild pitches — By Overall
SUMMARY.
Portland ..0000000010 1—2
Base hit* 1111112 010 2—11
Tacoma ...0000000010 0— 1
BaFe hits P000002020 1 — 5
Totals 4O 2 11 33 14- Totals 36 1 5*32 13
•Two out when winning run was made.
RUNS AXD'HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R- H. P.A.| AB. R. H. P. A.
Nadau.lf 5 0 2 2 0 Doyle.2b. 5 0 0 13
McCre.rf 4 0 2 10 Shehn.3b 4 0 0 2 0
I>renan.cf 4 0 0 2 O MeLsn.lt 5O110
B?ck.lb. 4 0 0 13 1 Eagan,BS 4 112 2
Raymd.ss 5 O 2 1 4'Lynch.cf 5 0 13 0
Stelmn.Sb 4 0 10 3 Thoms.rf 2 0 0 10
Ca*tro.2b 5 0 0 3 3 Hosran.lb 3 0 13 4
Shea.c... 4 1 0 11 l'Orahm.c 4 0 1 11 1
Tbielm.p 5 14 0 2 Overall.p 4 0 0 2 3
Not until the seventh did the Tigers
get a semblance of a hit. Then the
two knocked out went for naught.
Third base was their limit. Overall
was Ditching hard, but the Browns
landed upon him. In the eighth
Eagan whacked out a hit that took
him to second. On Lynch's out he went
to third and Hogan's hit to center
brought him home.
In the tenth, Thielman slew the first
two batters and the third skied to
Drtnnan. McLaughlin singled and
went to second on Eagan's sacrifice.
Castro hid the ball and McLaughlin
supped from the cushion to be caught
napping. Score:
Portland — f Tacoma —
Captain Graham's feet first with the
run that won.
SAX RAFAEL, July 24. — The semi
finals jn the gTiests' tennis tournament
at the Hotel Rafael were played to
day on the hotel courts. Many guests
of the hotel arid their friends wit
nessed the matches. Dr. Younger de
feated Stanford Gwin in an interesting
match. Gwin started off well but
Younger by consistent plaving suc
ceeded in winning out. The score was
6-4, 7-5. Emerson Warfield default
ed to T. W. Tetley. The final will be
played between Dr. Youngrer and Tet
ley next Sunday.
Tennis at San Rafael.
First race — Florentine, Monte, Al
beit Fir.
Second race — Creolin, Lingo, Alma
Girl.
Third race — Horatius, Ananias,
Warte Nicht.
Fourth race^ — Freckman, Edward
Hale, Sweetie.
Fifth race — Tapiola, Voila, Tryon.
Sixth race — The Crisis, Frontenac,
Americano.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
(Psxiftc Coast League.)
•A". L Pet. W. L. Pot.
Tacoma 67 45 ,5'-W Oakland 5." 57 -4'jI I
BcattU 'J *' .">O San Fran 43 Oi .41S
Ls.s Angeles. S9 B3 .Ml; Portland ...41 65 .^7 j
The fir*t haif of the baseball season I
pas^d into history yesterday alter- j
noon, and Mike Fishers Tacoma Tigers j
emerjed from the fray with the title of j
chami :cr.s for the time being. It was a
•ueil earned victory and one that
brought surprise to a vast army of i
Jans. Seattle finished a good second. I
as 'a as expected. On Tuesday the sec- j
cod na!f of the season will begin. San J
Francisco and Seattle will mix it in
Oakland. Oakland at Los Angeles and
Iicoma a.t Portland.
The victorious potion was evenly
C'»«ait out yesterday. Oakland shone
1'fightJy on the home diamond in the
rnurningr. ar.d Seattle rallied in the ,
sixth inning at Recreation Park, bat
ting in four runs and breaking the i
fame ar»- Scores— Morning game. Oak- J
lar.u 1L Seattle 7; afternoon game,
Seattle 6. Oakland 4.
Oakland was leading 3 to 0 in the lat
ter struggle when the sixth inning was j
st hand. Then young Hall opentd up j
¦*-ith a scratch hit and Van Haltren
cleared the riffht field fence with the
bail, tying; ur» the result. This set the
EBUltitade wild, and the cheers did not
even subside then, for Seattle was not
ihioug-h sticking.
Williams was given a life on Schla
tiey's error and Frisk sent him around
to third on a safe drive, going to sec
ond h:rr.«=elf on the throw. When Smith
swung through to left field they both
came in, and this final hit simply
turned the tide of victory.
Oakland did its best work in the first
two rounds. Hall started off wrong.
Me allowed Ganley and Graham hits j
uxd erred on Dunleavy's bunt, letting i
a run in. Then he hit Schlafiey, filling j
u? th* bases, with no one out. It looked
like an avalanche cf runs for Oakland.
but Dunleavy was doubled up at second
urnen Devertaux flew to Van Haltren, j
and this dummy work on Dun's part
i;robably cost Oakland the game.
Oakland was there again in the sec- j
c n»i round with two more. Byrnes hit ,
and Buchanan landed on an error, j
•?^ndinj? Byrnes to third. Ganley placed t
a double out to center, scoring- Byrnes i
and sending Buchanan to third. He
himself slid over the bag and was out.
A r-assed ball then happened and
Buchanan arrived. .
Oakland had a chance to tie the score
in the ninth inning. Dunleavy doubled
to * the score board and Schlafiey
v alked. There were two out at the
time ar.d Schlafiey went down to sec
ond. While sliding to the base he
knocked Mohler down. Umpire McCar
thy oxarr.ir.ed the mass of arms and
U5S and finally declared Schlafiey out.
The score:
OakUnd— Seattle —
. AB.R. H. PA. AB.R. H. P. A.
O-r.:y, rf 5 1 2 0 0 VHltn, cf 5 1 2 2 1
•J.hrr-.. l-; 4 0 3 1 1 Mohlr. 2b 4 0 0 5 3
DBtvr. :!3 O'l 4 O Wilm*,3b 5 10 0 1
?. hlfly^b 2 0 0 3 3 Frisk, If. 4 3 3 1 0
l«vrx..;:b 2 10 2 2 Wilson, c4 0 2 10 0
S'relb. Ib 3 0 1 10 1 Smith, rf 4 0 2 » 1
McKne. t 4 0 0 1 4 R Hall. » 3 O O 2 3
iiyraes, e 4 1 1 6 1 Lewis, c. 4 0 O 4 1
lK^aan.p 3 10 0 0 C.Hall, p4 1 2 0 3
Tcta!s.3O * « 27 14 Totals. 37 6 11 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
S-^tUe .: e o o O 1 4 0 1 0^6
E«i«e bits S1OO25O1 2 — 11
Oakland 1 2 0 O © O O 1 0 — 4
Bast h:rs 220010111—8
SL MM ART.
Errors— Dtr.leavy. Echlancy. C. Hall. Dever
«*ux. Frisk. s?tcl<r. bases — Graham, Schlafley
*Zt, I>vf-reaux. Home ran— %'an Haltren.
'r-*-c-t»s* h;t* — Oar.Iey. P.—.lth, Frisk. Van Hal
tren. Dunletvy. .ifacnflee hits^ — Dua'.eavy (.2).
Ftrat tite oa errors — Oakland U Seattle 1-
Firtt Djst- on called balls — Oft C. Hall. 7.
Ltft on U»«i— Oakland 9, Seattle 6. Struck
out— By Bachaoan 5, by C. Hall 4. Hit by
pitcher— M'>fc2«!r. ScfclaJtey. R. Hall. Double
pUr»— ilcKnae to Schlafley to Streib; Van
Haltren to Alehler; Mohler to Wilson. Passed
b»ll— Lewis. Wild pitches — C. Hail (2). Time |
cX gam*— One hour ar.d fifty minutes. Umpire i
— McCarthy. I
STANDING OF THE CLU2S
Park courts: First claM — R. N. Whitney
beat Carl Gardner. 6-3. 6-3: Geonra Baker boa*
Clarence Griffin. 4-6, 6-3. 6-4. Finals — Baker
vs. Whitney. 6-4. 6-2. 9-11 (postponed). rfec»
ond class — Horace Mann beat Fred Ad&sis, ft-4,
6-4. 6-3.
The local tennis player3 were busily
engaged in tc/urnament play yester
day. On the California Club courts a
handicap doubles tournament for the
Directors' Cups waa the feature. At
the park, the cracka met in a class
singles tournament. The third and
fourth classes were commenced and
will be finished next Sunday. The see
ond class was finished and resulted la
a victory for Horace Mann. In the
first class, R. X. Whitney and Georgd
Baker were the contestants in the
finals. Baker won the first two s<its
but the third, which was an exceed
ingly long one, went to Whitney. The
latter wa^ tired out and the remain
ing sets will be played next Sunday.
In the semi-finals of the first class
Whitney beat Carl Gardner easily, the
score being 6-3, 6-3. The other semi
final match between Clarence Griffin
and Baker was interesting and closely
contested. Griffin won the first set
but his more experienced opponent
steadied down and won the next two
by a small margin.
In the finals, Whitney tired in th«
first set, which he lost. 6-4. In tha
second set he did not exert himself
and won only two games. The third
set was close, first one in the lead and
then the other. At no time waa either
mere than one game ahead. Whitney
did some clever driving and won by a
score of 11-9. Neither player took any
chances at the net and consequently
some long ralleys resulted.
In the second class, Fred Adams was
no match for Horace Mann. The Iat»
ter won three straight sets. Mann
played a careful game and his clever
cuts were too much for his opponent.
The score waa 6-4, 8-4, 6-2.
Eight teams entered the California
Club tournament. None of the first
class cracks entered and some liberal
handicaps were given. A new team
composed of George Janes and Her
bert Long carried off the trophies. la
the finals they met Harry Rolfe and
Chester Smith c-n even terma. Tha
former won in straights, but the match
was by do means one-sided. In the
first two sets Long and Janes did some
great driving. Long handled lobs bet
ter than usual and the lobbing game
of his opponents Just suited him. Smith
and Rolfe had a good lead in the third
set but lost after sixteen games had
been played.
In the first round, Janes and Long
had a narrow escape. Nourse and
Kuehn had many chances to win both
sets but luck was not with them.. Al
den Ames and W. G. Knowlton made
a good showing for new men. They
reached the semi-finals and made a
good showing against Long and Janes.
The matches resulted as follows:
First round — Herbert Long and Georg*
Janes (owe S-6) beat B. Nourse and Charles
Kuehn (15>. S-6. S-«; Alden Amej aad W.
Knowltcn (30) beat H. E. Punnett and Frar.*
Mitchell (scratch). 6-3. 3-6. 6-3; Harry Rolfe
and Chester Smith (owe 3-6) beat Dr. Nobl*
and J. (VHara (M). 7-3. «-3; William Murphy
and L. C. Bczarth <30> beat H. Syr-.ns aad E.
P. Robbins (3O 2-6). 6-*, 9-2.
Seccnd round — Long and Janes (owe 3-4)
beat AfflM and Knowlton (30). 6-3. 1-A, 8-4:
Smith and Rolfe (owe 3-4) beat Murphy and
Borarth (3O, 6-3, 6-3.
Finals — Janes and Lone be&t Smith and
Rolfe. 6-3. 6-4. 9-7.
Dr. Benjamin Apple, the Hayes Val
ley Club's physician, examined Battling
yesterday and found him to be iu per
fect condition. The doctor says he is a
fine specimen of humanity and is built
like an ox. ,
Yesterday morning a baseball game
was played between two picked teams.
Nelson captained one nine and Teddy
Murphy the other. In the third Inning
Nelson was at the bat and Frank Neu
house, r>Stcher for the other side, threw
the ball and hit Battling on the head.
The ball turned to one side and was re
turned to Frank, who found that it had
been knocked loosided. Nelson says he
thought his head was hard, but he had
no idea that it would bend a baseball.
Several hundred admirers of Eddie
Hanlon made their way to his training
quarters at Croll's Gardens, Alameda,
yesterday afternoon to observe the lit
tle fighter in action with his sparring
mates. Hanlon came into' his large
gymnasium at 3:30 o'clock and boxed
four rounds with Toby Irwin and Fred
Landers.
Eddie took on Toby for the first two
periods and stood up straight in deliv
ering: and receiving punches. Irwin's
left kept Hanlon stepping about lively
to keeD out of range, but Toby did not
have everything his own way when
Eddie cut loose. In his two rounds with
Landers Hanlon assumed his charac
teristic crouch, and his blocking with
his arms was a feature of the bout. In
the last round Eddie went after Fred
and there was a hammer-and-tongs
mixup that called forth the applause
of the big crowd present.
In the morning Hanlon rested, not
even doing any roadwork. He is now
and has been for a week practically
at the weight at which he js to meet
Battling Nelson, 130 pounds, and Train
er McDonald does not believe that it
would be prudent to have his charge
do any more exercising than that which
is necessary to keep him on edge.
About 150 people crowded "Smiling"
Metzner's tavern at Larkspur yester
day to watch Battling Nelson work for
his coming bout with Eddie Hanlon.
Battling denned the mitts and went
three rounds each with Frank Rafael
and Frank Xeuhause. The latter bout
was exceptionally fast and the end of
the third round found Neuhouse very
groggy.
There will be four more games played
between the two clubs this season, the
next to come off in San Mateo August 7.
In the last score San Francisco won by
Chambers ! passing the ball to Taylor,
Taylor to Scanlan, Scanlan to Renwick.
then lost to Lynch, recovered by Tay
lor, who passed it to Scanlan again,
lost to Lynch, stolen by Scanlan, who
drove it into the goal. W. Blackwood,
the president of the Lacrosse Associa
tion, who was present, stated that
many of the players on the field in that
game would rank with the crack teams
of Canada.
The San Francisco and San Mateo la
crosse clubs crossed sticks yesterday
afternoon in a warmly contested game
at the Presidio grounds. It was In a
measure a crucial game, and the~"vlc
tory of the home team by a score of 10
to 4 makes its members feel like cham
pions. This is the first time the San
Mateos have played here since they de
feated the crack players of Los An
geles, who were practically the cham
pions of the State. There waa much
surprise at the San Franciscos' big
score, but they won only by the hard
est work, as Lynch, Sisson, Pease and
Tobin fought the home team every Inch
of the ground. But the playing of Dar
ragh, McAteer, Scanlan, Peterson and
Taylor was almost faultless and their
team only could win.
The San Francisco team was as fol
lows: Delcescaux, McQuade, Barclay,
De Villeas, Peterson. Renwick. Cham
bers. Taylor, McCarthy, Darragh, Scan
lan and McAteer. The members of the
San Mateo club are Tobin. Degan,
Dunn, Lyons, Sisson. McLelland. Gllll
gan, G. and J. "Wilson, Lynch, Hughes
and Pease. The referee waa R. R.
I'Hommedieu.
The game opened with first score for
San Francisco and the two following
for San Mateo. Then the home team
and next the visitors. The Friscos then
tcok six straight scores, followed by
one for the San Mateos. then the last
two went to the San Franciscos. Mc-
Ateer made the most score plays, fol
lowed by Taylor and Scanlan. For the
visitors Lynch and Hughes drove the
ball into their opponents' goal. Dar
ragh was the coolest and most rapid
runner on the field, the ball appearing
to fall into his net constantly.
Tobin made an excellent goalkeeper
and saved the score many times by
checking the ball when It was driving
straight home. Taylor and Peterson
always seemed" to be in the right place,
and Dr. Sisson did splendid- work for
his team. Often a hot fight would take
place right at the entrance to the goal,
when a lucky and skillful defense
would send it back to the other side of
the field.
CHICAGO, July 24. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Haw
thorne:
First race, eleven sixteenths of a mile —
Butweil 1C5, Devout 108. Capitanazo 108, Sea
Voyage 1CS. Dixelle 10*. The Belie 10S, Shining
Star JCS. Voltric* 10S, Before 108, Albert Fir
111. Monte 111. Florentine US.
Second race, short course, steeplechase —
Sweet Jane 125. Allegiance 128. Alma. Girl 132,
Lingo 142, Nitrate 150. Golden Way 150.
Creolin 152.
Thiri race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Apple s>6, Fred Leppert 92. Ananjas 05,
Fansoiuca OS. Horatius 101. Huzzah 101, Warte
Nicht 104, Princess Tulane 104.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Sw~stie 02, Watermelon 83. Freckman ©5,
Dungannon 95. Gloriosa 101. Edward Hale 101.
Pearl Diver 104. Bill Massis 108, Olympian
111. Hortor. 111.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling — Tapiola
96. Voila 96. Red. White and Blue 9S. Tyron 9S.
Polk Miller l»Ss. Arab 100, .Nannan lot. Sartor
Kisartius 103, San Remo 106. Soldier of For
ture ICti. Wenrick 108.
fj-'ixth race, six furlongs — The Crisis 107,
Skilful 112, John A. Scott 112, Americano 112.
Frcnt«r.ac 112.
Weather clear; track fast.
CHICAGO, July 24.— The present
week should see some really first-class
racing at Hawthorne, the programme
being an attractive one. The handicap
steeplechase events over the short
course are the features for to-morrow.
Wednesday and Friday.
In addition there are three stakes
to be run for. added money. In
each case amounting to 51500. The first
of these is the July selling stakes for
three-year-olds and upward at one mile
and a sixteenth, to be run to-morrow
afternoon and to which the entries are
already known.
On Thursday the attraction will be
the Competetion stakes for two-year
olds at five and a half furlonfes. Sat
urday there will be the Monadnock
stakes for three-year-olds and upward
at one mile and an eighth, in all of
which the best handicap horses now in
training at local tracks are entered.
Indications for to-morrow are clear
weather and a fast track.
HAWTHORXE ENTRIES.
Germania Schuetzen Club, bullseye shoot —
George H. Bahrs 237. August Jungblut 501.
Herman Huber 530. C. F. Thierbach 624. Max
Kolander 639, William F. Blasse 681.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal ehoot— First champion class. Herman
Huber 430; second champion class, not filled:
first class, George H. Bahrs 308; second
class L. Brune 382; third class. 'August
Westphal 346; fourth class, not filled. Best
first ehot George H. Bahrs 23: best last shot,
John Gefken,22. ;= • \
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, team
•hoot— Winning team: Dr. L. V. Frates (cap
tain) 297- P. A. Paulson 333. J. A. Logue
•»90 ' J L Dutton 197: total 1117. Losing
team: "W. Guild (captain) 328; W. Paulson
344 L. A. Frates 296. J. L. Dutton 134;
total 1102. .
Company A. Irish Volunteers, monthly shoot
at man target — Sergeant P. J. Kenny 31 M.
A. Duff 28. Jerry Sheehy 37. Corporal M.
O'Neill 38. Serseant T. J. Shea 34. J. Daly 16.
P. O Loony 25, Lieutenant J. J. Sullivan 24,
William Murphy 46. Sergeant J. L. Ma
honey 40, Henry Bugler 29. Corporal P. Pur
cell 3ft, Corporal T. J. Connolly 20. T. Shaugh
nesay 21, Lieutenant T. McNaboe 25, P. Man
nlon 23, C O'Leary IS, P. Mortality 15.
Bullseye shooting— Captain C. Oldag 149,
Herman Schult 233. D. Tamke 1244. F. Wer
len 1244, W. Dressier 1908.
Company A, Veteran Reserve, X. G. C,
weekly medal shoot — John Donovan 43 F. E.
Covey 34. Serjeant W. Wallace 33. ' E M.
Sherbume 32, J. T. Walling 26. Lieutenant J.
C. Da mall 26, Corporal W. Duesler 25. A. C.
Newman 21.
Revolver re-entry match — G. E. Frahm. 87,
SO. RS, 87, 91; \V. F. Blasse. S3 S9 81. S5;
William Proll 90 S9; J. R. Trfgo. 84 ST. 81,
S7. S4; W. Btirkholder. 83: F. V. Kington SS,
S2. 87. 86. S6: E. Somerville, 77. 74. S7, 80.
Red Men's Shooting Company, medal shoot —
Champion class Charles Oldag, 411; flr»t class.
F. Werlen. 358: second class, not filled: third
class, D. Tamke. 339; fourth class, F. Cortsen,
328; best first shot. Charles Oldag. 23; best
last fhot. Herman Schult, 24.
Pistol re-entry match — G. E. Frahn 9<>. 8S,
•86; F. V. Kingston 8S; M. F. Blasse.' 82. 81;
Max Kolander 78. 76.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
bullseye shoot — D. Huntemann 27, Charles
Oldag 2SS. Herman Huber 392 John C. Waller
411. Dr. Zillmer 421. Captain' H. Stelling 5O4,
August Jungblut 523. A. Lemalre 579 John
de Wit 5ni. a. Grantz 615. F. Hensel 621, R.
Stmin 751. A. Bertelsen 954, George H.
Bahrs 1023. C. F Thierbach 10S7. F Pape
1156, F. Koch 1172. D. Saln>ld 1204'. Otto
Lemcke 12M1. H. Bornholdt 1290.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition shoot, re-entry match — C M.
Henderson. 223, 223 223. 220 217 2H. 212;
Max Kolander. 221 220. 216 '216, 210; H. P.
Nelson. 21S. 197 193; E. Hammond. 216. 210.
207. 204: M. F. Blasse, 213. 210. 210.
Silver medal— H P. Nelson 197.
Fifty-shot match — C. M. Henderson 1072.
The scores follow:
A meeting of the California Schuet
zen Club will be held on Tuesday next
and, as many members have expressed
a desire for the formation of a coast
bund, no doubt a strong committee will
be appointed to represent that organ
ization at the preliminary meetings.
The California Schuetzen Club won the
Centennial cup in Philadelphia In 1876
against competitors from all over the
world, and included in its membership
many of the best riflemen who appear
on the ranges. When last heard from
the Sacramento-Helvetia Rifle Club
was strongly in favor of a Pacific
Coast Schuetzen Bund and will easerly
take proceedings to have their mem
bers represented - on the organizing
committee. \.
A special meeting was held yesterday
at Shell Mound Park by the Germania
Schuetzen Club, at which it was unan
imously decided to appoint a commit
tee to act In conjunction with other
clubs for the early formation of the
bund. Herman Huber, Charles F.
Thierbach and Clarence M. Henderson
were appointed a committee of three.
At the last meeting of the San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Vereln, Captain Henry
Stelling, Kaufman Wertheim and Lieu
tenant Henry Meyer were appointed
and instructed to do everything In their
power to further the interests of the
bund. It will be seen that the mem
bers of the committees so far appointed
are enthusiastic riflemen and will with
out doubt do their utmost In the mat
ter.
Great interest is being manifested by
the riflemen of the Pacific Coast in
reference to the formation of a Pacific
Coast Shooting Bund. Negotiations are
under way and committees are being
appointed by the different rifle clubs
to perfect arrangements for a success
ful launching of the bund.
The attendance of marksmen at Shell
Mound Park yesterday was very large.
The weather conditions were favorable
to good marksmanship, consequently
line average scores was the result. A
large number of enthusiasts are at
present in the mountains of Mendocino
and Sonoma counties, pursuing the
elusive buck, therefore the names of
many well-known marksmen will not
be lound among the competitors at
the ritle range.
The organizations participating were
Knights of the Red Branch, Company
A Veteran Reserve, Golden Gate Rifle
and Pistol Club, Germania Schuetzen
Club, San Francisco Schuetzen Venein,
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, Red
Men's Shooting Company and Shell
Mound Pistol and Rifle Club.
At Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday
an unusually large crowd saw J. Man
ning's Dore?n defeat W. Creamer's Lily
Wright in three straight courses in
their match race. Jn the first course,
with the betting even and floods of
mouey going into the boxes, the crowd
saw one of the most exciting courses
ever run on a sward. At four different
stages of the course the kill for either
dog would have scored a win. First one
dog held the advantage of a point and
then the other until finally Doreen
killed the hare, which gained her the
flag. Doreen won the next two courses
handily. The betting was even on the
first two trials, but in the third the
winner was made a 5 to 3 favorite.
The talent was right in many, in
stances during the day. They backed
Lost Chord, ttie winner of the Class
stake, in his races. They stayed with
Sunny South in the Reserve stake and
he brought home the long end of the
purse. Both the winner of the Class
and Reserve stakes ran in brilliant
form and won their courses in decisive
fashion. Following are the results
with Judge P. J. Rellly's official scores:
Reserve stake: Second round — Bright Colum
bia beat Star Sylvanus,' 11-6; Secretive beat
Free Erin, 3-1; Torn Hurllclc beat Faoaie
Hughie, 7-3; Yellow tail b«at Colored Lady. 0-3;
Gunflre beat Her Boy. tt-4; Sunny South beat
Key Dare, 5-2; Lucky Shamrock beat Pepper
Jack, 7-1: Chile Mara beat Maid o' the Glen,
3-2; Belfast beat Willie Boy. 7-5; Real Pasha
beat Rich Array. 13-10; Adonis beat Big
Klaxnath. 7-4; Imperious beat Craig- Lad, 6-1;
Plcadllly beat Younr Kerry Pippin, 15-7; Lit
tle Klamath teat Fretter, 10-tt; Shotgun beat
Haughty Helen. 5-4; Miss Brummel beat Emin
Bey. 2«-S. •
Second round — Bright Columbia beat Se
cretive. 10-12; Tom Hurllck beat Tellowtail,
5-2; Sunny South beat Gunfire, 2-0; Lucky
Shamrock beat Chile Mara, 4-3; Real Pasha
beat Belfast. J>-7; Imperious beat Adonis, 5-O;
Picadilly teat Little Klamath, 6-1; Shotgun
beat JHi=s Brummel. 2S-S.
Fourth round— Tom Hurllck beat Bright Co
lumbia, 7-0; Sunny South beat Lucky Sham
rock, 10-7; Imperious beat Real Pasha, 4-2;
Shotgun btat Picadilly. 7-6.
Firth round — Sunny South beat Tom Hur
lick, 5-3; Shotgun beat Imperious, 14-9.
Deciding course — Sunny South beat Shotgun.
12-8.
Class stake: Secoftd round — Pomona b^at
Remisso Animo, 3-4; Golden Feather beat
Tamora, 16-8; Donnybrook beat John C.
Ileenan, S-2; Tralee Lass beat Van Alba. 10-tt;
Totasco Bob a bye; May Tunlson beat Orsina,
8-tf; Pure Pearl beat Penli, 14-U; Pasha Pleas
ant beat L L C, 12-9; Annie Ryan beat Young
Johnnie Rex. 14-3; Modest Beauty beat General
Fremont, 5-2; Ruby Sankey beat Old Ironsides,
12-7; Lost Chord beat Daisy D. 13-7.
Third round — Golden Feather beat Pomona,
6-4; Tralee Lass beat Donnybrook, 4-2; May
Tunison beat Tobasco Bob. 17-7: Pasha Pleas
ant a bye: Modest Beauty a bye; Lost Chord
beat Ruby Sankey. 4-3. .
Fourth round — Tralee Lass beat Golden
Feather. 10-6; Pasha Pleasant beat May Tunl
sciii, 5-3; Lost Chord beat Modest Beauty. 6-5.
Fifth round — Tralee Lass beat Pasha Pleas
ant. 9-1; Lost Chord a bye.
Deciding course — Lost Chord beat Tralee
Lass, 5-3.
Match race — Dcrten beat Lily Wright, 13-11,
12-7, 4-1.
Seattle Pulls Game Out of
itlie Hole With Great Bat
tiiiir Rallv in the Sixth
Members of the Home Team
Outplay Opponents, Final
Score Standing 10 to i
Runs in Brilliant Form and
Easily Annexes the Class
Stake at ingleside Park
Ranges at Shell Mound Are
Crowded and the Experts
Roll Up Some Good Scores
Take First Honors Away
From C. Smith and Rolfe
Janes and Long Rally and
All the Crack Horses Are
Listed in the Monadnock
to Be Run Next Saturday
Eddie Hanlon Puts in Busy
Day. Hustling His Trainers
About in a Lively Manner
HORACE MANN A WINNER
WILL DECIDE AT ONCE
DOCTOR EXAMINES HIM
PLAYERS IN GOOD- FORM
FOUR GOOD EVENTS OX
LOST CHORD A WINNER
Takes on Sparring Partners
and Varies the Programme
With a Game of Baseball
HONORS EVEN FOR BAY
First Half of Baseball Sea
son Comes to Close With
Fishers Stars in Front
San Francisco Lacrosse Ex
perts Win an Exciting
Game on Presidio Field
Wins Three Straight Trials
From Opponent Settling
All Doubt of Supremacy
Marksmen of Various Clubs
Are All in Favor of Form
ing a Big Association
Tournament Play Occupies
Attention of California
Club and Park Racket Men
Attractive Card Prepared
for the Coming Week at
the Hawthorne Racetrack
TACOMA TIGERS
HEAD THE LIST
NELSON WORKS
BEFORE CROWD
SAN MATEO MEN
TASTE DEFEAT
CLOSE MATCHES
ON THE COURTS
LOOK FORWARD
TO GOOD SPORT
DOREEN BEATS
LILY WRIGHT
MAY ORGANIZE
A STRONG BUND
TACOMA NINE WINS CHAMPIONSHIP FOR FIRST HALF OF SEASON
• • y. ¦,—v. 5-:-- :i- ,„-..•¦-¦¦ -¦¦,¦"--.¦¦:¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/MONDAY, JULY 25, 1904.
A combined steam, trolley and cable
railway has recently been built , in
Southern Tyrol, Austria
SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 24. — Fred
B. Alexander of New York, tennis
champion for the last two years, again
demonstrated hi3 claim yesterday at
the State tennis tournament by de
feating A. E. Bell, the Pacific Coast
champion, easily In three straight sets,
6-3, 6-1, 6-0.
Bell fleets Defeat.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 24. — Spen
cer F. Eddy, American Charge d'Af
faires, and a team which included Sec
retaries Beaumont and Sperling of the
British embassy, carried off the honors
to-day in an international polo match
between civilian and military officers
at the picturesque Beloselsky grounds,
outside of St. Petersburg, by a score of
5 to 4. The military team included
Princes - Beloselsky and Cantacuzene,
both of whom married American
women. -s^. •
Sir Charles Hardinge, the British
Embassador,- presented four cups to
Eddy and his ttao.
Wins an Exciting Game
by One Point.
Team lied by Spencer F. Eddy
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>129 KEABXY ST. Established
In I S3 I for ta« tr-»trn.-nt «f frlvatn
IM«»a*es. ImI Manhood. Oebtltt? or
iUeas- wesrmgon hodr an<t mlml ami
Skin Diseases. Th» Doctorcares when
others fat'. Ttj him. rharxp« low.
liirf»s«»ranlfrd. Call or Witt*.
fix, 4. X". V1UBV *, s*4 S saadM*. UL
Speaking of Quality!
f§f"tf ? i Just Opsn a
1 Pplll|a Bottl6 Of
ij tmjk uL/\ I Z.
"* emUjgSsI ip* ar~" tt~ m btv
fKffl S3 L Lit
H^'^gii MILWAUKEE
>B3iJSZI !t ~4l5ggg>. ' TherVs wher» th*
rang^M conies in— If* in ev«ry
ftMKF'J 1 :^SSS5fl bottle or keg true
KiHgSEBgrf-P gs^gfna bears tha "BUtz" la-
|y"iaaei^ : - : ag5Bil **!• Or«ler ••ir.atz" for
p^^SKrl.ftSttQ the sake of your
i health— an.! the h«alth
HffflHy YSSH 5a of y°ur family. Every
i^WrtHP^ bottle stertlix-d.
feiENE^BIatz Malt-Viviiw
V"€^d2ffltr-yf9$k doc-Intox.) Tonic.
j I '^-' «*L.'lI BacRi CO.
ggp=_ ~tjg=g .MILWAUKEE
11111* SAM BZBO * co "
312 Battery St.,
Tel. Mala. 5339. Saa Traadseo.Ye Olde English' Inn.
144 Mason st. .Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'. -••*•.,'' ¦» \-j: •
Saves Curtains 'but Suffers' Burns.
While. Mrs.. B.'Evans was. cooking
her, breakfast In her room at ( 427
O'Farrell street yesterday morriingvthe
windblew the window, curtains againist
the. gas stove, causing a' small
In her anxiety to save the curtains she
extinguished Athe ;fire and ' .suffered
severe 'burns on her hands. . Like the
majority of inexperienced persons, she
applied flour to the- burns. . This added
additional suffering at the. Emergency
Hospital." 'The, burns, though painful,
are not considered to be -of a serious
character.: ' v
PERSONAL.
Fred W. linger of New York Is at
the Occidental.
H. L. Reynolds of Wellsboro, Pa., is
at the California.
J. Gordon Hardy of Mexico arrived at
the Palace yesterday.
Frank P. Buck. Vacaville's leading
fruit man, and his wife are at tha Pal
ace.
Arthur Hill, a wealthy lumberman of
Saginaw, Mich., Is among the latest ar
rivals at the St. Francis.
<A P. Maginnls, a well-known oil
magnate of Los Angeles, who is also
connected with the Santa Fe road, is
at the Palace.
Arthur ' Pearse, a prominent mining
man of London; who Is interested in
properties in t the western part of. this
country, arrived here yesterday and is
registered at the St. Francis.
Boy's Bold Trick Fails.
Thomas Robinson! , an # errand .boy
for Will & Finck Co.. "was on his
way on Saturday evening to deliver a
package to Mrs. Heller, 2003 Califor
nia street, and at the corner of Cali
fornia and Franklin streets a boy
about 1 3 v years of age rushed up to
him; and .snatched the , parcel from
him. The thief ran to Mrsr Heller's
residence, handed her- the/parcel and
asked for the $ 5 that j was' to be ¦ paid
on delivery. The boy's excited manner
roused Mrsi Heller's suspicions and she
refused to > give . him ' the mdney. He
ran away. The police were notified
and have a good description of the boy
thief.
Quarrel Led Her to Take -Poison.
.; , Mrs. ; Howe, ; the' wife . of John* Howe,
residing at 27; Clarence 'placed yester
day drank.] fromf a", bottle .containing
carbolic acid// The timely, appHcatlQn
of medical assistance- at;tthe Emef
gency Hospital saved'her'-life. '
, Mrs. Howe's husband, had been re
cently, discharged .from the City and
County Hospital, where he was a pa
tient • with facial cancer, j On his ar
rival home ' he . insisted ' on . his wife
giving him money, which she "claimed
she^ did not have. A~ quarrel was the
result and this led to her attempted
suicide. '
Large Numbers of 'Members and
-Friends Gather at Shell Mound
¦-¦¦;•-.-¦ . . -r :Park. ¦ . - .
The .fdrty-fif th anniversary \ of the
Scandinavian Society was held at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. Races and
games and a tug-of-war were the at
tractions that brought large numbers
to the athletic ring. . The members of
the society were accompanied to the
park by a multitude- of friends, who
spent the. time in dancing until mid
night. I;'--
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of L. Johansen. William Jansen,
N. Andersen.. H. S. Reed. T. B. Halvor
sen. T. Kaunetz. F. C. Olsen, F. Caskey
and John Eldrup. The floor committee
Included William Jensen.' John Eldrup,
Charles Armstrong and G." Nelson.
SCANDINAVIAN* RESIDENTS
HAVE AN ENJOYABLE OUTING
Women Suspected of Robbery.
Two citizens notified Policemen
Holmes and Brown early yesterday
morning that two women and a man
had entered the Tremont House on
Kearny street with a drunken man
who had $90 .in a purse in his vest
pocket. 'The officers went to the room
the trio had engaged and found the
drunken man and the two women
there, but the other man had dis
appeared. The purse containing $90
was'missing. The women, Lily Brown
and Nettie Ford, were taken to the
City Prison and searched, but no trace
of the money was found. They were
locked up in "the tanks." The drunken
man, who gave the name of Thomas
Soulsby, was locked up as a witness.
Mistook Iodoform for Candy.
Ubia J. Palmer, a 5-year-old boy,
while playing. in- front of his residence
at .1054 -Howard! street, picked up a
box of iodoform, and, thinking it was
candy, partook ; of its, contents. He
soon discovered -that the "candy" was
not of - the same brand as previously
given him. by-' his -mother.. He in
formed his parents of- a disagreeable
sensation in his stomach .and on his
explanation of current events was hur
riedto the Emergency Hospital, .where
Dr. Kuisick appjied the. .stomach
pump under protest. . The drug was
pumped. out and the lad was sent
home. . ¦/- ¦ ..
.Machinist and. Sailor Enable Thief to
Make His Escape and Are After
ward Clubbed.
*A thief entered the room of M.
Stemman at 208 Drumm street on Sat
urday evening and stole a suit of
clothes, which he had just purchased
for $28. He notified Policemen Con-
Ion and McGowan and after a search
they recovered the stolen suit at the
store of Mrs. Hertz on Pacific street,
where it had been sold. A description
of the thief was given by both Mrs.
Hertz and the proprietor of the lodg
ing-house at 208 Drumm street.
About three hours later a man an
sweiing the description was seen by
the policemen in a saloon on East and
Jackson streets. When they attempted
to arrest him Hugo Canarin, a ma
chinist, and Joseph Reis, a sailor, in
terfered and garppled with the officers,
The suspected thief. rushed out of the
saloon and made his escape.
Canarin and Rais fought the officers,
who were compelled to use their clubs
to subdue them. They were taken to
the Harbor Emergency Hospital,
where their wounded scalps were
dressed. " Later they were booked at
the City Prison on a charge of inter
fering: with an officer.
Tears of n Woman Save Him From
the Wrath of Coursing Men.
>A well-dressed young man with a
radiantly gowned young woman in tow
tried yesterday to »break the bookies
at Union Coursing Park without risk
ing any money. He would have carried
away, $30 of the pool-sellers' coin but
for the sharpness of H. Ford, a clerk.
The. young fellow's . method was
simple. Twice he cashed on the grey
hound Racing Auto and once on The
Referee. He had marked hi3 own
tickets.*
If he had been content with the $30
he might have escaped. But he tried
to get $6 more on a fourth home-made
ticket. Ford refused to cash 'the paste
board and showed it to some of his
associates. . . " i
Four of the pool-sellers captured the
rJenman in the grandstand. The young
woman who was with the sharper be
gan to weep copiously. Beauty In tears
softened the hearts of the coursing
men? and the forger was permitted to
leave with his fair friend after restor
ing: his "wlnnlncs."
INTERFERE WITH POLICE
IN MAKING AN' ARREST
WELL-DRESSED STRANGER
FORGES POOL TICKETS
The memorial service at Grace
Church for the late Rev. Robert
Chester Foute yesterday morning was
attended by a large assemblage.
The sermon by the Rev. David J.
Evans was impressive and the sacred
music specially selected by William H.
Holt, the organist, from the numbers
that were very dear to the late rector,
was beautifully rendered by Grace
Church choir, augmented by several
who had in many years ago sung in the
church as choristers.
The last service conducted by the la
mented rector* was on Sunday morning.
July 12, 1903, and the first lesson was
Gen. 49, ending with that prophetic
"And when -Jacob had made an end
of commanding his sons, he gathered
up his feet into the bed and yielded up
the ghost, and was gathered unto his
people."
For his memorial sermon the Rev.
Mr. Evans took that same verse for his
text and said in part: -.
Tlie conception of such a service as this,
which enriches our customary devotions with
the personal element of a hallowed memory,
does not need apology or explanation.
In every thoughtful man's life there are
days and places linked with dear memories
and fragrant with happy associations, and
it Is woe unto us if we forget their sacred
nesd.
A twelve-month has gone by. alas! how
quickly gone, since you were bereaved as In
the twinkling of an eye of the good and true
man who for two-thirds of a generation had
been your minister in holy things.
For twenty years with strong voice ne pro
claimed the way of ealvatlcn In this pulpit.
Your Joys and sorrows he had shared, and
with tha most sacred moments in the lives of
very many of you he had been Intimately iden
tified as Chrtsfs true minister must always
be. And there is ma>:v a one before me at
this moment who. whin stricken sore, had
beea soothed and solaced by his words of sym
pathy. There are many here who would tes
tify. If It were necessary, and exclaim. "I
was In trouble and he helped me."
' You have a vision of him at this moment,
many of you. speaking words of comfort anfl
encourngement to dear ones of your own In
their last sickness. You can hear him bid
them be of good cheer as he points them to
the green and smiling pastures en the other
side of the dark river. <i % ¦'- .
To many of you In times of perplexity and
embarrassment he supplied counsel and h.eav
cnlv advice, for he was not merely a good
man. proficient In the immediate fifties of his
ministerial office, but he was also a man of
sound judgment, clear brain and strong intel
lect on whose advice in dealing with life's
thorny problems you could rely.
He was devoted soul and body to the in
terests of this church, working for It nlsht
and day. In season and out of season. . with
indefatigable energy and consuming zeal.
Ill Profound Sermon the Rev.
David J. Evans -Remembers
Late Dr. Robert C. Foute
If you happen to take in "A Gentle
man of France" this week at the Grand
Opera-house, don't leave until the fifth
scene is over. The impatiently inclined
will need the tip. Even yesterday aft
ernoon's audience, the most leisurely of
the wetk, swatted protesting fingers. at
the long waits. Served hot, the roman
tic drama may persuade; otherwise, it
is about as inviting as cold mutton
gravy. "A Gentleman of France" will
be remembered as the most usual of
romances, with its distressed damsels,
abductions, kings and cavaliers and
wonderful combats. But set jigging on
its way— one, two, three, thrust! one,
two, fTiret-, guard! — without pause. -or
stay, and the bustle and dash ' carry
the thing. Half-past four yesterday aft
ernoon found "A Gentleman of France"
full fifteen minutes from the end of the
second act.
Given s*»eed the performance would
go. Mr. Neill has the part of -De Mar
sac, and -though sleeny to fit the gen
eral pace at first, fires up nobly Inthe
combat scene. And 'tis a gay combat.
Like the tailor in Grimm's, the .hero
kills "seven at a blow." Alone he does
it. That is, s not quite alone. The hero
ine finished one man with a sort of sofa
cushion -and spits another of the
wounded with a borrowed sword. She
has him on end, as on a toasting fork,
as the scene goes down. But 'tis a good
fight. The house howled joyously as
one spitted villain after another tum
bled down the~"staircase. I counted, I
think, eight curtain recalls for the tri
umphant De Marsac.
Miss Edythe Chapman is the heroine,
and, as usual, earnest and charming as
Mile, de la Vire. A performance distin
guished by happy buoyancy and' gayely
Is Mr. Bowles' Henry of Navarre, that
is also exceptionally effective from the
picturesque side. John W. Burton is
useful as Fllex.and Miss Andrews as
Fanchette, and Frances Slosson has a
bright 1 moment.' The rest fill in without
particular distinction. The play. is pret
tily costumed and well mounted. •
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Grau may have a muslcal\star of
magnitude. to present in. the. person, of
Nina David, but put here in Sari Fran
cisco theater-goers willj be satisfied
with . Edith Decker until somebody bet
ter comes along. She made her initial
performance at the Orpheunylast night
and the audience ' fell in love with her.:
"With Domenico.Russo of former Tivoll
fame and SIgnor Abramoff she" ap
peared ¦ in . the prison' scene from
"Faust."- ¦ " .-:%;/-• \ : . '
Nobody could get enough of her and
she was compelled -to answer thr§e en
cores and bow. and bow-', again in 're
sponse to the thunderous applause. She
sings with wonderful clarity and sweet
ness. In addition she is beautiful and
possesses an amazing amount of mag
netism. . She. was happy over her re
ception and .the audience was ¦ glad to
see and hear her. Russo as Faust and
Abramoff asMophlstoples, respectively,
sang splendidly and contributed :their
full share to Miss Decker's . triumph.
Another tremendous in another
line was made by "Charmion,", a pi
quant trapeze performer... who. does a
somewhat daring disrobing act- in the
beginning and then twistsand twirls on
the bar in an extraordinarily graceful
adept series of stunts! Evans, Cunning
ham, Jenny and Roland, the Empire
Comedy Four, made much laughter and
sang some catchy songs. Marcus and
Gartell.' 'In an original act* on Toller
skates, were well received. ! These fur
nished the four new numbers "on the
bill/ - :•;:¦- • •¦ * ¦ ¦ * .«¦.¦¦,
Rose Coghlan presented a new'
sketch, entitled "The Ace of Trumps."
written by -Frank A. Ferguson. Both
Miss Coghlan and Lynn Pratt were at
their best in a cleveriy written piece of
work. Elizabeth Hunsaker had almost
a. silent part as a maid. Musical Kleist
made his usual hit and the Zancips re
peated their astounding feats of
telepathy.
• * . •
To the lovers of fistic art and melo
dramatic excitement a visit to
the California Theater this week
will prove entertaining. In the
first act the tramp who has
"Just struck town" fights the first
old man. the character comedian, and
the villain. After that there are fights
scattered throughout the remainder of
th«« play, culminating in a crand cli
max, when Jo Podesta and Charles
Augustus, both of local fame, tamely
attempt to damage each other's beauty
amidst a chorus- of*, "ohs" from the
feminine portion of the house. Of
course-there was some acting, but the
chief features were the flights. Along
with the fls.tic encounters one or two
thrilling rescues were thrown in.
Harry Todd, as : the acrobatic and
ever hungry thirst-ridden tramp, has
about the only nart in the piece. He
handles it very well. Lloyd Ingraham,
as the town marshal, is entirely satis
factory. Barring the entire absence of
a Swedish dialect. Theresa Belmont
Waters gives a good performance of
the Swedish girl. Baby. Martine proves
a precocious child and .shows clever
ness. The inexperience of the rest of
the cast is painfully apparent.
Next week, "The Buffalo -Mystery."
Well-Known Superintendent of the
Mission-Street Division Is Slated
for Retirement.
It was learned yesterday from a re
liable source that Charles B. Kitch.
superintendent of the Mission-street
division of the United Railroads, is
soon to be retired. Rumor has it that
this change will be followed by sev
eral more on the lines of the street
railway corporation. Kitch's retire
ment will come as a surprise to many,
for he has been connected with the
local street railway system for many
years and was regarded as a very cap
able man. General Manager Chapman
has refused to confirm the report of
Kitch's retirement, but the latter has
informed several of his friends that hr
is s.oon to leave the employ of the
corporation.
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO DEPARTED
BEAUTIFUL, SINGER WHO APPKARKD IJAST NIGHT AT XHE ORHHEUM
IN THE PRISON SCENE FROM "FAU.ST 1 AND WAS GIVEN AN ENTHUSI
ASTIC AND WELL DESERVED GREETING.
KITCII WILL SOON LEAVE
THE UNITED RAILROADS
Two Men Arc Chased by Policeman,
Who Fires in the Air, and
.One Surrenders.
John Alfasis, a fisherman from Be
nicia, reported to Policeman Bruce
early yesterday morning that while he
was turning the corner of Third and
Bryant streets two men approached
him. One had a revolver in his hand
and pointed it at him, ordering him to
throw up his hands. Alfasis shouted
for help when he saw the second man
sneaking up behind him and the two
assailants ran away. , *
Alfasis accompanied Bruce in quest
of the would-be robbers. At the cor
ner of Bryant and Ritch streets Al
fasis pointed to two men as those who
attempted to hold him up. They fled
along Zoe street. Bruce started in
pursuit. He called upon them to halt,
but they ran the faster and he lired
two shots in the air to intimidate
them. One of them, John Chodrick, a
riveter, took refuge in a doorway.
Bruce covered ! him with his revolver
and the fugitive surrendered. The
other man escaped. Chodrick was
taken to the City Prison, where a
charge of assault to commit robbery
was booked against him. Xo weapon
was found upon him.
ATTEMPT TO HOLD UP
VISITOR FROM BEXICIA
J»HYSICIAX IS HELD
•FOR AIDING A SUICIDE
MATTOON. II... July 24. — John P.
Lilly, editor of the Sullivan Herald,
committed suicide yesterday at his
home in this city by taking morphine;
¦which he had bought from Dr. Hardin.
The Coroner's jury found that Hardin
-was an accessory before the fact and
5ield him in $5000 bonds to the Grand
Jury.
Policeman Nicholas Baculich. one of
the biggest men on the force, by his
presence of mind and bravery yester^
day saved the life of Edward Nelson.
Nelson is a diiver for the Presidio and
Ferries Railroad, piloting the cars from
the end of the cable line at Montgom
ery avenue to the ferry.
Yesterday afternoon shortly after 4
o'clock Nelson was hitching his horses
to the car preparatory' to driving to the
ferry. A sprinkling wagon was passing
at the time and a quantity of water
sprayed over the car and on the legs
of the horses. They became frightened
and started to run down Washington
street. Nelson hung to the reins in an
endeavor to arrest the frightened ani
mals. His arm became entangled in the
lines and he was dragged over the
rough cobbles for a distance of a hun
dred yards.
The horses gained speed and death
seemed almost certain for the unfortu
nate driver. Policeman Baculich saw
the accident and ran to intercept the
team. He seized the bridle of one of
the horses and threw his 275 pounds
against the most frenzied of the ani
mal?. JIe was lifted from his feet, but
hung on and finally brought the horses
to a stpp.
Nelson was picked up by some car
ir.en and the policeman. He was terri
tly bruised and cut from contact with
the rough stones. He refused to go to
the hospital and .was sent to his home,
•where he will be confined to his bed
for several days. Baculich's hand was
badly sprained, but he was otherwise
uninjured. He modestly refrained from
tolling his fellow officers of his brav
ery, but the story leaked out, and when
Jt became generally known he was the
recipient of many congratulations.
Another day has been spent in fruit
less. deliberations by the jury in the
'Eppinger case and the interested par
ties are beginning to show signs of the
strain. The jurors themselves show the
least signs of worry. They walked from
their quarters in the Palace Hotel to
the juryroom yesterday morning look-
Ing more as if they were on their way
to a picnic than to enter into delibera
tions concerning the liberty of one of
their fellow-citizens. After being locked
up in the juryroom no communication
was received from them until 12:30,
when, In answer to a*summons, a dep
uty sheriff opened the door and received
a message brief but suggestive. It was
simply, "We are hungry." The deputy
sheriffs' were hungry also and sympa
thized with the twelve talesmen, who
were at once escorted to the Palace
Hotel. They did not return until 2
o'clock and from that hour until 5
not a word was heard from them. At
5 Judge Lawlor telephoned, saying that
he would not return and that the
jurors might be taken back to their
quarters in the Palace and would not
be expected to resume deliberations un
til-10 o'clock this morning.
Jaeob Eppinger is still a prisoner in
Judge Cook's chambers. He goes out to
his meals, escorted by his son Joe and
an attache of the Sheriff's office. While
outside the walls of the Hall of Justice
the aged defendant steps as nimbly as
in the halcyon days when he was one
of the rulers of the grain market. Re
ports from the extemporized prison,
however, are to the effect that he has
not slept. since the jury went out. and
that spasms due to weakness of the
heart and nervous strain are frequent:
His sons, Joseph and Herman, are con
stantly by his side. Friends and rela
tives pay frequent visits to his quar
ters. Attorneys Ach, Dunne and Short
ridge spend, considerable time in the
hall yesterday and did whatever they
could to encourage their client.
There were rumors yesterday to the
effect that the jury stood ten for con
viction and two for acquittal. Just
before the jurors were led back to their
hotel rumor had it that the jury stood
eleven to one. There was much sdccu
lation regarding the identity of the
one who was -holdinp out. The ex
pense of the trial thus far. including
board, meals and fees for the jurors
and mileage and fees for the witnesses,
has been enormous.
Valued nt Over $1500.
MISS XO. S9G3 LOST A DIAMOND
It must be an engagement rinj?. as it
was found in the glove of the left hand,
in the third finger.
i Joe Rosenberg, the Market-street hab-
I crdasher. kept open three hours aftor
, closing time last Saturday evening, but
j waited in vain, for the fair claimant
\ failed to make an appearance. •
- Can it.be that she no longer cares and
that her engagement has been thrown
aside likft the "old gauntlets that were
brought in to bo cleaned?
The rufe of this store is that when
ever any one. finds an article which no
body claims, it goes to the finder. Miss
HafTenon will be the lucky one if nobody
calls. She says she would rather see the
i owner have it. but would make no ob-
I jectipn to having such a beautiful dia
! mono, but would not like to wear it on
I her finger, so she is making plans to
! have a fine time in vacation on it.
] Should the owner call her hopes will be
blasted. It's a beautiful ring, which no
| woman could help admiring. It must
! have belonged to some beautiful unraar
! ried woman, as them wasn't any wed
i ding ring to guard it. or it could not
. have slipped off. So they are wondering
i and pondering, yet no one comes to
I claim It.
Because he had a quarrel with his
young: wife on Thursday Edward J.
Morris, known among: his political
friends as "Teddy," commited suicide
in their roms at SOI Ellis street with
carbon-monoxide. The body was not
discovered till yesterday afternoon.
Morris' mother died about a year
ago, leaving a valuable estate in the
neighborhood of Geary and William
! streets. Last March he married
j Theresa Sharkey, a sister of Miles A.
Sharkey. 451 Bryant street. They had
a quarrel last Thursday and Mrs. Mor
i ris went to the house* of a friend, Mrs.
Donnelly. 613^2 Eddy street. She stop
i ped there all night, and next day went
i to her brother's house".
| On Saturday night Sharkey ques
tioned her as to why she was staying
away from her husband. After some
persuasion she told him they had
j quarreled on Thursday and when she
• returned to their rooms she found
| the door locked. She complained to
! a policeman and he advised her to
break open the door. She was afraid
to do that and returned to her broth
er's house. She begged her brother
to call upon her husband and en
deavor to patch up their quarrel.
Yesterday afternoon Sharkey and
Mrs. Morris started out on their mis
sion of reconciliation. Sharkey went to
801 Ellis street, and Mrs. Morris went
j to her friend, Mrs. Donelly, to await
I developments. Sharkey found the
i door locked and became alarmed
; when he smelled gas. He notified the
j police and Corporal Eastman arrived
j upon the scene and broke in the door.
' The dead body of Morris was discov
! ered fully dressed stretched out on the
! bed. There was a tube in his mouth
and the other end was attached to the
open gas jet. From the condition of
the body death must have occurred on
' Thursday. The landlady smelled gas
fsince Thursday, but thought it came
from a defective gas stove.
The Morgue was notified, but at the
request of the distracted young wife
?nd her brother Chief Deputy Mc
i Cormick allowed the body to be re
i moved to an undertaker's. Morris
j was about 45 years ,of age. Shortly
j after his mother's death his sister
j Marj- sued him for S3000 forattend
j ance upon their mother during her ill
ness, but she lost the suit.
Rumors About the Corridors
Are to the Effect That but
One Man Is Holding Out
Edward Nelson. Employed by.
Union Street Railroad,
Gets Tangled With Horses
Brother-in-Law discovers
Dead, Body While on Mis
sion of Reconciliation
DEFENDANT RESTLESS
BARELY AVERTS DEATH
LXTENT IS DELIBERATE
Policeman Nicholas Bacu
lich Stops a Runaway Car
Team Dragging a Victim
Men Selected to Try the Aged
Ex-Grain King Are Unable
to Agree Upon a Verdict
Edward J. Morris and Young
Wife Have Trouble and He
Inhales Carbon Monoxide
BRAVERY SAVES
DRIVER'S LIFE
EFPINGER JURY
IS UNDECIDED
QUARREL ENDS
IN A SUICIDE
- . ¦ • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1904.
"A Gentleman of France" Is Strong in Fifth
Scene, Well Mounted and Very Prettily
Costumed—Edith Decker at the Orpheum
GRAND HAS GOOD SHOW
IF YOU CAN SEE IT ALL
•: .¦ ¦ i ¦„ , . . , ..,..) , k . , ' . .
¦• Trapper'e Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrucBlsU,;50c flask.. Richard & .Co.; 408 Clay.*.
No day is more dangerous than the
on* that^ dawn* without Its 'duty.
Notice to Passengers.
. Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
stea mei s. etc., at low v rates.* One ' trunk (sin
gle trip) S5 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 303 Taylor St., 650 Market
¦t. t " Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla is the
leader all th« world over.^ .U»f,' no other. '•':
BOKING AT WEST OAKLAND.— Oakland.
July 24.— The We^t Oakland Athletic Club will
hold amateur boxing contests on Tuesday
evening at the gymnulum. Wood and Goes
streets. There will be five . four-round num
bers.
12
j ADyEKTISE3IENTS.
coac?Axnr csocebs.
Telephone Howard 1986.
110 FOURTH STREET.
Our Specials are constantly bringing us
new trade.
aXOXTDAT. TOTSBAY A2TD -WE33fi:S-
3AY We Offer:
I 19 lbs. BEST GRANULATED SU-
gar — with orders (most places only
give 16 lbs.) $1.O(>
MALT BREAKFAST ,FOOD, per
pkg '. 5c — re?. 15c
YUCO, Washburn's BREAKFAST
FOOD, per pkgr 5c — rejj. 15c
QUEEN ROLLED OATS. 2 lb. pk*.
3c — reg. 15c
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER, per
square 35c — reg. 40c
GOOD TABLE BUTTER, per
square 3Oc — reg. 35.-
8 lbs. WHITE NAVY BEANS, hand
picked Soc— reg. 5c lb
CHOICE LARD, 3 lb. can
25c — reg. 35c can
ELK CREAM, every can guaranteed.
per" doz JM)c — reg. ice can
BEST EASTERN SUGAR CURED
HAMS, per lb., lS^c—othcrs
charge 15c.
SALAD OIL, extra refined, quart
bottle 15c — reg. 20c
can CHOICE^YRUP. . . .
WATER " " WHITE" ' TlONE^'T per
comb 10c — reg. 15c
KONA COFFEE, ground fresh, per
lb 15c — reg. _>cc
GOOD ENGLISH BREAKFAST
TEA, per lb -Oc— reg. 35c
Prelfflit Paid oa Orders of 55.CO and Over
to Point* Within 100 Miles.
C^jjj f^^ijj ££l tfe# ft^pj y/ fcj3
"I give him his Mellin'3 Food and
he sleeps ' til feprning." How many
mothers can say. this of their babies?
« your baby does not sleep well it
may be that he is not properly fed.
A poorly nourished baby is a poor
sleeper. Mellin's Food babies are
MELLXW3 FOOD CO., BOSTON, MAS* •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDWEN *'
School opens today-if just
ba<rk from the country, com-
pletely out of everything,
telephone your orders-we'll
deliver at once.
Remember our new store-
Halght St. and Masonic Ave.
They will serve you prompt-
ly and well. Call up Park
456. The man at the phone —
he knows.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Fresh Eggs doz 30
Table Butter-Fun Weight 21b sq 45
JELLY GLASSES doz 25
AH kinds. Big reduction — late in
season — reg'ly 35c doz
Kona Coffee-'eg'iy 20c ib 20
Macaroni-La FavoriU 2 for 25
• All kinds. Reg'ly 15c lb
Chutney-Bombay . pts 30
Ra»tami=e Bhickajee & Son qts 50
reg'ly 40c, 60c bot
Tomato Catsup-G. b. & Co. 15
Hot, Medium, reg'ly 20c bot
Vigor Chocolate 55
Kraft, woild famous, reg'ly 65c Ib
Manzanilla Olives 20
Extra large, extra fine, reg'ly 25c qt
Sardines-Boneless 25
Arzano, res My 30c large can '
Ispa, plain, reg'ty 15c can, 2 for 25
S0UpS-Van Camp's 3 for 25
All kinds, reg'iy $1.10 doz
Dainty ChlpS-Sallne snow flakes 30
Butter Thins-Reg'iy 35c can 25
Creole Rice-Carolina 6 lbs 45
reg'ly " 0 lb in cartons 10 lbs %
French Peas-Tresfm 15
Sweet, delicious, leg'ly 20c
52.10 dcz 1.65
HamameliS-5xtract,Witch-hazel
Heals Hurts ipt 15, pts 25, qts 40
Toilet Soap-American 3 cakes 20
Good quality, rrg'ly $ 1 doz 75
Whisky-McBrayer 1.15
i Cedar Brook, reg'ly $1.50 bot
f6 gal 4.50
CocktailS-lmperial 90
6 kinds, ready to use, reg'ly $1.25 bot
Gin- Wynand Fockink 1.25
Old and reliable, reg'ly $1.50 large bot
or stone jug
VermOUth-French or Italian 50
Wholesale price-reg'ly 60c qt
Sherry-Cooking, California 35
reg'ly 50c qt $1.50 gal 1.15
Claret-Extra V. V. Zinfandel
pts doz reg'ly $2.15 1.70
qts " *• 3.50 ' 2.90
gal " 1.00 70
Window ScreenS-Qak Frame '
Opens 33 in, reg'Iy25c 20
" 37 " " 35c 25
! ¦„„„,; . . . ,---,-,.- -.t.
I Linens, Bed Spreads, Blan- 3
1 Kets, Curtains and Flannels 1
I I — — — — » 1
I Table Linen. Curtains 1
a $1 00 k° pIece t S , e nn l £r! W 50 Arabian, Renals- j
1 XVorY heav U S3tln flnlsl1 *P^-^ sance Madras. N
1 YARD TaDle Damask, full pair Xteand Ecpn I
1 ™ 2 ln ? he t 3 wWei n °J > ,, 1 n« s £ Nottingham Lace Curtains |
I aTOli'nUW »n a compete i.ne of new I
| maiGn - - : , «i pc Rufflel Muslin^ I
I Napkins *v;£ curtains, plain anl |
H C2 nn 50 rin7pn ninnpp rigured, in a large i
I WNapSuU?Lf assortment ornew patterns. 8
I sortei pKr^ete Curtain SWISS J
!| napkins formerl-g sold for 1Cr» 45 pieces CURTAIN H
I 1 $3.50 psr dozen. 1JC SWISS, in lace ef- I
I 5^8 T AW «] C fects, figured, stripes \i
H lOWClS - and dots. ft
§ S3 50 10 ° dozsn Linen B . , * r- * t?t i [
I Hugh Towels, Prmted French Flannels | j
I cHtrhlrf ed ?, nd ? em ; RDr» A large assortment 9
I stUched, whe and colored WC of Frencn FlannelS|
I borders; full size. YD - in dots, stripes, fig- fl
• 1 Cra^h Tnwplind ur es, Persian effects and a
1 « n ?n «L ™ 7 h S m PersI an Borders, dark anl |
I ISc ?,nH eC hi 5 20 " ln S 11 ai i medium shales; alwaus p
| ing, also 50 piecss plain Scotch Tennis Flannel p
I and twilled all-linen, 2 c p we have Just received «j
heiYQ Hand Toweling. *>3C 75 new p atlerns O f fj
$ Rpd SnrpnrK YD " Scotch Tennis Flannel H
*- «~ ™ n P km ln Blal n and fancu stripes, u
$2.75 2 ? a!5e H S £ hltB ,?i nd cn ecks anl plain colors! 1
I HAcV^i^ These goods are warranted |
1 eu mil fast colors. ™
I size, hemmel readu for fj
. 1 use; all new designs; form- SbCCial ll
1 I erlu sold. for S3 anl S3.50. »„„„»,„„,;,. *# a ?«
1 T T1 .^ «,- . 1, Attention Is directed to k
'\ White Blankets our sale of Ladles' Fine §
<R5 00 1Q 3 Pairs fine all- LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, A
t $D.\jv w 0 n 1 California which will he continued |
PA1R Blankets, full size during the coming week. |
for douhlE 5 heds, with as- ' nSZSSSXJTJS'^T: I
I SOrted hOrderS. tremely low prlen. p
i| HI to 121 POST STREET. *j