War News Continued on Pafe S*
Delayed by a Russian Warship.
ISI*AND OF PERIM. Straits of Bab
el Mandeb. July 27.— Th«. British
steamer Ctty of Agra <Ia^t reported at
Liverpool for Kurrachee) parsed here
to-day and signaled that she had been
delayed by a Russian warzhip in the
Red Sea.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., July :7._tvil
iiam Picken*. a negro, who graduated
¦nith high honors at Yale a month ago
has just been advised or his election to
membership in the Phi Beta Kappa
eociety. He is the only negro belong
ing to the society. * s
NF.GKO IS ADMITTED
TO A COLLEGE "FRAT"
MORISTOWN. N. J.. July 27. —
Washington's elm. a famous old tree,
which has stood at the 'corner of Elm
and Morris strcet3 for more than 175
years, has been cut down. Washing
ton had his headquarters here during
the winter of 1779-SO.
FAMOUS OLD TRKE
IS FELLED BY THE AX
VLADIVOSTOK SHIPS SIGHTED.
TOKIO. July IS, 9:30 a. m. — Th»
Vladivostok squadron Is reported o£S
the province of Awa to-day. Awa i3
about -00 miles southwest of Yoko
hama and is at the eartern entrance
of ths Inland Sea.
Ccionel Seymour, the regimintal com
xvanUer, said to-night that he wculd
visit Grass Valley next week and ad
di^ss the men. in the hope that thev
would recede from their stand and ac
company the Second Regiment to the
San Luis Oblspo County encampment
August 13. Colonel Seymour .said . the
company had made an appear some
weeks ago to be mustered out and he
had . disapproved It. and told Captain
j. R. Tyrrell that his command would
surely be ordered to camp. The Grass
.Valley company, which numbers more
than fifty men, shows «no signs of giv
ing in. and Colonel Seymour's visit will
be awaited with interest.
n»nt is ascribed to the fee'.Irg which
is raic to exist among the union miners
of Grass Valley against the National
Guard generally, because of the ?&t
ter's port in the^Colora do trouot-M.
NEWPORT. R. I., July 27.— Private
funeral sen-ices over the body of Mrs.
George Crocker of New York and San
Francisco were held at the Crocker cot
tage to-day. The body will be taken to
Brooklyn. N. Y.. to-morrow for burial
in Greenwood Cemetery.
CROCKER FUNERAL
CEREMONY PRIVATE
Culprits Arrange the Explosives So
That a Heavy Jar Would
Set Them Off.
EL PASO, Tex.. July 27. — Eight
large sticks of dynamite and two
dozen percussion caps were found un
der the Santa Fe depot here to-day.
TI. explosives were so arranged that
it is thought any heavy Jar would
have set them off.
DYNAMITE IS FOUND
UNDER SANTA FE DEPOT
HOLTOKE, Mtss.. July 27.— W. A.
Chase of Holyoke. formerly In the
Legislature. Trill join with Mrs. Mary
M. Kncschke and Charles D. Knu
™hk* ef Arlington. Rhode Island.
Mrs. Elisa Davis cf Holvoke and trie
.^an Francisco and New Hampshire
h'.trs in an attempt to break the will
of Miss Bcr*.ha Doibeer. th«? young
jwman who committed suicide at the
Waldorf-Astoria, in New York re
"r.tlv. The ground of contest will ue
that the testator v.as not of san* or
of testamentary capacity when the
will w2j drawn.
>E!F CONTESTANTS LV
DOLBEER WILL CASE
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.— The
mystery of the long cruise taken by
the Vladivostok squadron is accounted
for by a cleverly arranged system for
coaling at sea. Russia has adopted
the system of coaling ships at sea fol
lowed by the United States Navy De
partment after experiments mads
upon the battleship Massachusetts and
the collier Marcelles. Russia ordered
from an American firm a set of tha
marine cable ways as t£*ed on the Illi
nois and other ships in the American
navy and the collier Konchalka has
already been equipped lit this way. •
Special Cable to The CaC ir.-l New Tzrk
Herald. Ccpyrtzht. 190*. by tls« New Tor*
Herald Publlalsiruc Conpaay.
WARSHIPS COAL AT SEA.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 27.— A
cloudburst to-day at New Harmony, a
small settlement in tfce extreme south
ern cart of the State, destroyed con
siderable property. An immense vol
ume of water swept down the canyon,
carrying buildings and fences in its
path. Much damage was done to
crops.
CLOUDBURST CAUSES • \:
DEVASTATION IX UTAH
OROVILLE, July 27.— The proposi
tion to bond Oroville was defeated at
the polls to-day after a rather inter
esting campaign. Those who were in
favor of the measure some time aco
were the leaders tcday in the fight
against bonding- The vote was 156 in
favor and 213 against the proposition.
PROPOSITION TO BOND
OROVILLE IS DEFEATED
BERLIN, July 27. — The German
crop report for July 15 indicates a
further deterioration since June 15.
Winter wheat loses one point, sum
mer wheat two points and summer
rye one point. Clover and lucerne
gras3 lose the heaviest.
The injury to the crops since the re
port was made up has „ continued in
creasingly, as newspaper reports Indi
cate. Tne sugar beet crop Is alsq suf
fering severely, owing to -the sandy
soiL
Deterioration In Cereals and
Sugar Beets.
Reports for Month of July Indicate
OCTLOOK IS GLOOMY
FOR CROPS IN GERMANY
- "If they arrest me I'll go. I suppose."
he added, "but I won't go otherwise."
It appears that a sentiment has pre
vailed hi the company for some time
favc ring withdrawal from tb? National
Guard organization, and this stnt«-
"Word reached Grass Valley that
Coloi:«-1 H. I. Seymour would certainly
r*-q» »ie obedience to his orderi, and a
p;ominent , member of the company is
quoted as saving he would not go into
camp, Seymour or no Seymour, orders
or no orders. . X
SACRAMENTO. July 27.— The officers
of the Second Regiment, N. G. C, are
confronted by an interesting state o*
affairs. Orders have been s«-nt out
for the various companies to prepare
for the State encampment, and a ma
jority of the members of Company I
of Grass Valley have decided that they
will not go. The refusal of a company
to go to camp when ordered' t'j do su
took the breath away frpm the regi
mental offlcers, . and the alternative of
arrest was suggested. The 'Jrass Val
ley company seems determined, how
ever.'to stay at home no matter how
much the regimental officers fume and
fret. * .
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call.
Company I o! Grass
Valley in Rebel
lious Mood.
MILITIAMEN
REFUSE TO
GO TO CAMP
VAST PORTUXK IS LEFT
.'¦¦ BY WILLIAM C WHITNEY
NKTT TORK. Jcly ST.— According to
the schedules of the estate of the lat-
William C. Whitney, which were filed
to-day the estate is estimated at J2L
KUCL ...
Killed by a Bolt of LJ~htnin£. »
VISALJA, July 2..— Byrd Surby of
Oak Flat, who r. as with the Govern
ment Fish Commission on the • sum
mit of Mount Whitney yesterday, was
struck by lightning and killed. It is
said to be the first death from light- j
nlng that ever occurred on Mount |
.Whitney. I
COLOMBIA'S
WAR SPIRIT
IS RAMPANT
Congress Annuls All
Treaties With
— ' "
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Hera'd. Copyright. 10O4. by the New Yezic !
HeraM Publishing Company. ,
BOGOTA, July 20, via Panama, July i
27.— Congress met to-day with Joaquin j
Velez in the chair as president of the!
Senate and Concha Perez Soto as !
speaker of the House. Lewis M. Cairo j
represented Panama. i
The / Senate passed a resolution j
unanimously protesting against the j
separation of Panama and refusing to !
recognize in any way, shape or manner
the declaration of independence made
on November 3,. 1903. A protest couched I
in energetic terms against intervention ,
on the part of the United States was j
passed.
The House passed on first debate at
motion declaring the annulment of ex
isting treaties between the United '
States and Colombia arid canceling all j
diplomatic and consular exequatur!. {
There Is great excitement^in Bogota.
Admiral Cooper to Be Retired.
WASHINGTON. July 27.— Rear Ad
miral Philip H. Cooper, commander
in chief of the Asiatic station, will be
retired on August 4. \ . - .
Panama railway and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company shall not be re
newed.
So hard a question to answer has
probably never before been propounded
to the people connected with the
Southern Pacific Company and that
old-time ally of the transcontinental
railways, the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. Free and competitive trans
portation conditions are promised to
the Pacific Coast permanently and the
situation has therefore become a mat
ter of the gravest consideration. The
domination of the Oriental trade, of the
coastwise trade ef the Pacific Ocean
in Central America and Mexico and
even of the overland rates of freights,
eastbound, from the sea to hundreds
of miles inland, is seemingly about lost
to the great railway and steamship
combination that has for forty years,
with brief Interruption, been used to
control the commerce, trade and indus
trial life of the Pacific Coast.
By Government control of the Pan
ama railway the . United States has
actually a transcontinental road of its
own to use for the benefit of all the
people- It Is not a very long road, but
it is complete in itself, extending from
the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean and
having no dependence on any connect
ing line to enable it to move transcon
tinental freights and passengers. In all
respects . it is able, if administered in
accordance with the Interstate com
merce act, \vhich forbids discrimina
tion, to serve. In connection with sea
lines, as a rate maker for all other
transcontinental lines existing or to be
created. It is supposedly as open to
the use of all carriers who may wish to
move freights or passengers over it as
the Panama canal ever will be.
In its free and unrestricted operation
it cannot be controlled by the Pacific!
Mail Steamship Company and the rail- |
ways back of the Pacific Mall. It can- »
not be used to bottle up the commerce of i
the United States between the oceans, |
for it will soon have no contract with
the Pacific Mail. For years the Pacific
Mail has kept up a rate tariff .that : on
the face of .it looked to be lower than
the rail rates. In reality it was skill
fully constructed so that It gave the
business to the .transcontinental rail
ways and enabled: them to do as they
would.
Leading, merchants, of this city have
been Informed, onthe best of authority,
Continued on Page 2, Column 2. S
GENERAL KUROKIS HEAD
QUARTERS. Tuesday, July 2S.—Re
ports from the Russian lines agree that
much fever and dysentery exist among
the soldiers. It is the opinion that the
sickness is due to neglect of sanitary
precautions in the Chinese towns oc
cupied.
The first work of the Japanese upon
entering towns which the Russians
have abandoned is to thoroughly clean
the streets and houses. Many of the
houses are found in a filthy condition
and are infested with swarms of flies.
The report that a number of Rus
sian guns were captured en July 13 la
untrue.
Sanitary Precautions.
Epidemics Due to Xejrlect of Ordinary
SICKNESS IN SLAV CAMPS.
(REPRESENTATIVES OF LEADING CT*MMERCIAL ORGANIZATIONS WHO HAVE BEEN ENGAGED IN SECRET CONFER
ENCES WITH SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD AND PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANT OFFICIALS WITH A
VIEW TO OBTAINING LOWER FREIGHT RATES.
EL PAtO. Tex., July 27.— Three
Mexican jjrisoners charged with mur
dering and robbing American pros
pectors in Sonora have escaped from
jail .it Agca Prieta. a border town in
Sonora. opposite Douglas, Ariz. It is
said a woman liberated them after
giving the guards iiqnor, with which
th?y became intoxicated.
and Then Frees Her
Friends.
Woman Plies Guards With Liquor
MEXICAN" PRISON' ERS
LIBERATED FROM JAIL
HARTFORD. Conn.. July 27.— In
the United States Circuit Court to
day Judge Platt signed the decree of
foreclosure and sale in the case of
the Mercantile Trust Company as
trustee and the New York Security
and Trust Company as complainant
against the United States Shipbuilding
Company, James Smith Jr. as receiver
of the shipbuilding company and the
Eastern Shipbuilding Company. A
mortgage for $16,000,000 was given in
August, 1002. to cover an issue of 5
per cent bonds, which were taken by
the complainant. On June 30. 1903.
interest was defaulted, and then
action for foreclosure was taken.
United States Court Issues Decree of
Foreclosure in Favor of Mer
cantile Trust Company.
SALE OF SHIPBUILDING
COMPANY IS ORDERED
Special Dtoatch to Tis« Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. July 27.—
Thomas Tajrgart. chairman of the
LHrmucratic National Committee, is at
the h?B.>l of tfce French Lick Hotel
Cotapany, allies ottos the big hotel
property :r. r'rtn'.h Lick Sprir.ss. In
diana, *.r.:i a!5>> ihe estaW&omeat tb-re
in which gambling is conducted. Ail
of tne principal banking games, *ucn
«ie fa;o ««.r:u roulette, are played.
This gambling establishment is not
in the hotel prcpir. but in another
bulldirs. Ii is similar to the usual
£..::: ling places in Western resorts.
Titggart admits his connection v.-ith
[fee note; company and the gambling
adjunct.
Th-re has never been any denial that
gambling is carried on at the French
Lick resort end that bl; stakes are
often piayed f,_,r in the •establishment.
One mile away is West Baden Sprincs.
a ri\aJ of French Lick, and at that
resort gambling has been carried on
unmolested for years. The jrames are
conducted openly and without hin
drance by the authorities.
The French Lick Hotel Company was
organized more than a year ago and
is compesed of several well-known
business men of this city. Tacgart
was e'.ected presfdent and was claced
in direct charge of the resort. Tae
g&ii and his partners discussed the
gambling question before the sr>nnjrs
were cpered under the r;w manage
rr.ert. It vat decided to permit all the
usual Bjusca *f chance to be run coen
ly. c*?« beir.g exercised that they
should be conducted on the 'square."
Hart County. Kentucky, to-morrow.
Governor B-ckham to-day ordered fifty
men of the Louisville Battery to be in
readiness to go to that place. Gardner
assassinated Es<iu:re Osborne and his
son.
Kentucky's Governor Orders Troops
to Be Ready to Go to Scene
of Hansinz.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. July 27.— Upon
receipt of information that an attempt
may he made to release Custer Gard
ner, to !>•; hanged at Munfordville.
SOLDIERS WILL FOIL
ATTEMPT TO RESCUE
No answer, it is said, will be made
to the Papal communication before the
meeting of the French council of Min
isters which will take place on July 29.
PARIS, July 27.— The departure of
Bishop Nordez. who was ordered to
Rome, is regarded in official quarters
to be a serious aggravation of the con
flict between France and the Vatican.
President Loubet will preside at the
council of Ministers on Friday next,
having postponed his departure for his
country house on this account.
ROME, July 27.— The reply of the
Holy See to the latest note of the
French Government was handed to the
French representative yesterday and
Is now on its way to Paris, where it
is expected to arrive to-morrow even
ing. Although there are many con
jectures-ae to tfc- nature .of the reply,
nothing official regarding it has "been
given out.
It Is said that the departure of
Bishop Nordez of Dijon from Paris, at
the summons of the Vatican, was en
tirely without the authorization of the
French Government.
The younger son. Oscar, who is about
14 years old. Is seriously ill with a pul
monary complaint that has developed
to a growth in the throat similar to
the Emperor's trouble. In -he CA.se erf
this lad it is stated on good authority
that the" growth is of a cancerous na
ture.
Special Dispatch to The Call
INTERLAKEN. Switzerland. July
27. — Two young sons of the Emperor,
August XVilheim *nd Oscar, are now at
the Heustrich baths. Btrnese Oberland.
The newspapers here have not referred
to their visit; in fact, there seems to be
some sort of agreement among them
not" to s-p~ak e-f their presence at all.
but all the same it is full of signifi
cance.
Swiss Newspapers Significantly Silent
as to the Visit of the Two
Lads.
Breach b Widened by the Departure
of the Bishop of Dijon
for Rome,
These words are worthy of serious
consideration, as expressing exactly the
condition of sentiment in Government
circles here and the absolute determin
ation to try every means possible to
suppress what the official quoted calL*
"a genera!, systematic carrying of con
traband."
With vivacity he replied: "It is well
known that, according to the interna
tional regulations of war, it is recog
nized as perfectly legitimate to forth
with sink any ship with more than half
of its cargo composed of munitions of
war."
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.—Unmit
igated surprise Is expressed In gov
ernmental circles at the willful mis
construction which correspondents of
English newspapers here, Including
Reuter's Agency, display In the ac
counts sent out referring to the Malac
ca affair, according to which the
Malacca was to be given np at once
and promises given that no further
seizures would be made in the Red
Sea. The Emperor even was brought
in as having used his personal Influ
ence to effect this wonderful submis
sion of Russian interests to the grati
fication of British "jingoism."
This attempt to persuade the worll
that a sort of Fashoda ha» been work
ed upon Rpssta- is warmly resented
here and I am enabled from the high
est authority to state, once for all. that
Russia has not the slightest intention
of desisting from the right to search
in the Red Sea, or from using her
cruisers to capture ships carrying con
traband wherever it suits her to do so.
I am authorized to say that Sir
Charles Hardinge's message was a
protest and in no wise an ultimatum
and, further, that the right of search
will be even more vigorously enforced
in the Red Sea than elsewhere. Gun
boats are being sent to replace the St.
Petersburg and tha Smolensk, whose
special coal capacity renders them
more useful in other places, which I
am not authorized to divulge, and
which may easily be imagined.
"If we make mistakes and cause loss
to shipping by delays," said my
authority, "we shall naturally give sat
isfaction. This is already being done
in the case of the Scandia.**
•But what about the Knight Com
mander," I asked him.
Sp«cia! Cabl* to The Call aa<J Xrv Tct»
Herali Ccpxnsb:. 1304. fcr ts» New Tar*
Herald Publishias Ccmjaay.
TAGGAHT
FAVORS THE
GAMBLERS
ST. PETERSBURG, July 28
(10:55 a. in.). — Minister ol * th e
Interior vun Piehwe was as>a>
•¦¦ -.¦¦:- 1
sinated this morning while driv
ing 10 the Baltic station to visit
A bomb was thrown under the
Minister's carriage, completely
shntlf rir.g it. M. von Plehwc
ivas terribly mangled. The crime
was committed at 10 o clock.
Loubet to Preside at Council
Winch Will Discuss
the Note.
He and His Brother Are
Being Treated at ttie
Heustrich Baths.
Gunboats Being Sent to Replaca the
Volunteer Steamships ia the
Red Sea.
Bodj of the Statesman Is Terribly Man
gled by the Explosion of
Deadly Missile.
Document Is Now
on Its Way to
rdllo.
Growth Develops in
Prince Oscar's
Throat.
Will Continue to Seize Ves
sels Having Contraband
Aboard.
Bomb Is Thrown Under His
Carriage on Way to Rail
way Station.
Russia Defiant in
Face of London's
Protests.
Russian Minister of
Interior Is Slain in
St. Petersburg.
YOUNG SON
OF WILHELM
HAS CANCER
VATICAN'S
REPLY SEIT
TO FRANCE
Government Control of Panama Railroad
Offers Much Promise of Improved
Conditions in Trafic.
Conferences of vast importance to -
the commercial future of San Fran
cisco have been secretly held in thi3
city, in the past few days, between
officials of the Southern Pacific and
Pacific Mail steamship companies and
leading business men of San Francisco,
at which the question has been asked
of the railway and steamship men
what they purpose to do in the matter
of rate making, in view of the fact that
the Panama railway is about to be
operated by the United States Govern
ment, and that President Roosevelt has
ordered that the contract between the
NOT AWED
BY BRITISH
LION'S ROAR
ASSASSIN
DYNAMITES
VON PLEHWE
A VASTLY important change in traffic conditions ait ccting the business men and shippers of the entire State of California will be the taking over by the United
¦*"*¦ States Government of the Panama Railway. This means tfiat the chains zviih ivhich the transcontinental lines have bound the shippers have been loosened. The
Government control of the Panama Raihvay makes it possible to ship merchandise on independent bottoms and secure transportation across the isthmus without dis
crimination. Aroused to the seriousness of the situation, the traffic managers of the transcontinental lines and the Pacific Mail Steamship Company haze been in con
ference for several days past with leading merchants. What tlie result of these meetings has been none. will. say, but undoubtedly important concessions will have
to be made by the traffic representatives in order to preserve the carrying trade between N civ York and San Francisco. The new situation is interpreted to mean a
Tctde extension of San Francisco's sphere of trade influence in the interior.
CONFERENCES OF VAST IMPORTANCE TO THE CITY AND STATE
ARE BEING CARRIED ON BETWEEN RAILWAY AND BUSINESS MEN
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TXE WtlTSES.
Forecast mad* at San. rran
citco for 30 tear* esdirsr mii
£i?ht. July 23. 1904:
Saa Francisco and vicinity —
rair Thursday, cooler; lizti
sontswest. ch an flag to brisk
westerly winds.
A. O. KcASXS. '
Slrtrict Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
— '±C
-Ojv, *=/a
'I' PI t' '1' WHAT l-T^ff T
*^.r ¦ - ~* • r _ r-
ATrmywr 1 — "Supert cf Hatnn."
3C*ttae« To-Day.
California — "Ju»t Struck Iowa."
Central— "The Oft te« of Jostle O
Columbia— "Mice aaa Man."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Fischer'* — "A lucky Stone."
Grand — **A Geatlemaa of
Orp Steam — Vaadrrlllo. Matlaea
To-Day.
Tivcli — "Bobia Hood."
¦•*
SAN. FRANCISCO,- THURSDAY; JULY 28. 1904.
.VOLUME XCVI— XO. 5S."We recognize the organization of capital
and the organization of labor aa natural out
comes of our „ Industrial system. Each kind
of organization ig to be favored so long as Jt
acts in & spirit of Justice and regard for the
rights of others. Each is to be granted the
full protection of the law and each in turn
Is to be held to a strict observance of tha
law; for no man Is above it and no man
below it. The humblest Individual is to have
his rights safeguarded as scrupulously as those
of the strongest organization, for each is to
receive Justice, no more and no less. The
problems with which we have to deal in our
modern lndustrlaj and social life are manifold
but the spirit In which It is necessary to ap
proach their solution la simply the spirit of
We believe In reciprocity with foreign na
tions on the terms outlined In President ilc-
Klnley'B last speech, which urged the ex
tension of our foreign markets by reciprocal
agreements whenever they could be - made
without Injury to Amerlca'n industry and
labor. It is a singular fact that the only
great reciprocity treaty recently adopted — that
with Cuba — was finally opposed almost alone
by the representatives of the very party which
now states that it favors reciprocity. And
here again we ask that the worth of our
words be judged by comparing their deeds
with ours. On this Cuban reciprocity treaty
there were at the outset grave differences of
opinion among ourselves, and the notable thing
In the negotiation and ratification of the treaty
and in the legislation which carried It Into
effect was the highly practical mariner in
which, without sacrifice of principle, these
differences of opinion .were reconciled. There
was no rupture of a great party, but an ex
cellent practical outcome, the result of the
harmonious co-operation of two successive
Presidents and two successive Congresses.
This la an Illustration of the governing ca
pacity which entitles us to (he confidence of
the people not only In our purposes bill- in
our practical ability to achieve these purposes.
Judging by the history of the last twelve
years, down to this very month. Is there
Justification for believing that under similar
circumstances and with similar initial dif
ferences of opnion our opponent would have
achieved any practical result?
We have already shewn in actual fact that
our policy Is to do fair and equal Justice to
all men. paying no heed to whether a man
Is rich or poor; paying no heed to his race
his creed or his birthplace.
Those who, like our opponents, "denounce
protection as a robbery," thereby explicitly
commit themselves to the proposition that if
they were to revise the tariff no heed -would
be paid to the necessity of meeting this dif
ference between" the standards of living for
wage- workers here and In other countries;
and therefore on this point their antagonism
to 'our position is fundamental. Here again
we ask that their promises and ours be judged
by what has been done In the Immediate pasi.
We ask that sober and sensible men compare
the workings of the present tariff law and
the conditions which obtain under it. with
the workings of the preceding tariff law of
1S94 and the conditions which that tariff of
1894 helped to bring about.
TARIFF LAWS COMPARED.
We have enacted a tariff law under which
during the last few years the country has at
tained a height of material wellbelng never
before reached. Wages are higher than ever
before. That whenever the need arises there
should be a readjustment of the tariff sched
ules Is undoubted, but such changes can with
safety be made only by those whose devotion
to the principles of a protective tariff is be
vond question, for otherwise the changes would
amount riot to readjustment, but to repeal.
The readjustment when made must maintain
and not destroy the protective policy. To the
farmer, the merchant, the manufacturer this is
vital, but perhaps no other man Is so much In
terested as the wage worker In the mainten
ance of our present economic system, both as
regards the finances and the tariff. The stand
ard of living of our wage workers is higher
than that of any other country, and It cannot
so remain unless we have a protective tariff
which shall always keep as a minimum a rate
of duty sufficient to cover the difference be
tween the" labor cost here and abroad.
Assureaiy It Is unwise to change the policies
which have worked so well and which are now
working so well. Prosperity has come at home.
The national honor and interest have been up
held abroad. We have placed the finances of
this nation upon a sound gold basis. We have
done this with the aid of many who were for
merly our opponents, but who would neither
rpenly support nor silently acquiesce in the
heresy of unsound finance; and we have done
it against the convln*ed and violent opposition
of the mass of our present opponents who still
refuse to recant the unsound opinions which
for the moment they think it Inexpedient to
assert. We know what we mean when we
speak of an honest and stable currency. We
mean the same thing from year to year. We
do not have to avoid a definite and conclusive
committal en, the most important issue which
has- recently been before the people and
which may at any time in the near future be
before .them again. Upon the principles which
underlie this Issue convictions of half of our
i.umber do not clash with those of the other
half. So long as the Republican party is Jn
power the geld standard is settled, not as a
matter of temporary political expedlencey. not
because of shifting conditions in the produc
tion of gold in certain mining centers but in
accordance with what we regard as the funda
mental principles of morality and wisdom.
Under the financial- legislation which we
have enacted there la now ample circulation
for every business need; and every dollar of
this circulation is worth a dollar In gold. We
have reduced the Interest bearing d«tot, and in
Btill larger measure the Interest on tnat debt.
AH of the war taxes imposed during the Span
ish war have been removed with a view to re
lieve the people and to prevent the accumula
tion of an unnecessary surplus. The result la
that hardly ever before hav« the expenses and
Income of the country eo closely corresponded.
In the fiscal year that has Just closed the ex
cess of Income over the ordinary expenditures
was $9,0i>0,000. This does not take account of
the $50,000,000 expended out of the accumulated
surplus for the purchase of the isthmian canal.
It is an extraordinary proof of the sound finan
cial condition of the nation that, instead of
following the usual course in such matters and
throwing the burden upon posterity by an is
sue of bonds, we were able to make the pay
ment outright and yet aft*r It to have in the
treasury a surplus of $160,000,000. Moreover,
we were able to pay this $50,<jO0,000 out of
hand without causing the slightest disturbance
to business conditions.
public work of the nation been done more
honestly and efficiently.
The Republican party, under your leader
ship, keeps Its records from the beginning un
der Lincoln of doing things— the right thing
at -the right time and in the right way— rot
withstanding the opposition of trfose who op
pose the right policies from the oclfl<h or
partisan standpoint They dare not tell the
truth about your official action or the viiird
Since the Republican party was restored to
power. In 1S97. under the lead of McKinley.
our country has prospered In production and
in commerce as it has never prospered before.
In wealth we stand first among all the na
tions. Under the lead of William McKinley
the war with Spain was speedily brought to
a successful conclusion. Under the treaty cf
peace and our action Cuba Is free, and, under
guarantees written in her constitution and our
legislation it is assured that she will ever
remain free. We also acquired Porto Rico,
Cuam and ¦ the Philippines by a treaty the
ratification of which was only possible by the
votes of Democratic Senators. Civil Govern
ment has been established In Porto Rico and
we are journeying toward civil government In
the Philippines as rapidly as the people of the
archipelago are able to receive it; and this, too,
notwithstanding tlje false cry of "Imperial
ism" raised by the Democratic party and htlll
Insisted upon, which led to insurrection in the
Philippines and tends to lead to further insur
rection there. The record of the Republican
party under the lead of William McKinley has
passed Into history. Who dares assail It? -
In the history of the republlc,_ln time of
peace, no executive has had gfeater ques
tions to deal with than yourself, and none
have brought greater courage, wisdom and
patriotism to their solution. You have en
forced the law against the mighty and the
lowly without fear, favor or partiality. Un
der the constitution you have recommended
legislation to Congress from time to time, aa
it was your duty to do,- and when It was
passed by Congress have approved It. You
have, under the constitution, led in making a
treaty which was ratified by the Senate and
is approved by the people, which not only
assures, but under the law and appropriations
made by Congress proceeds with the construc
tion of the Panama canal.
FIRST AMONG THE NATIONS.
Sir. let us turn from the region of doubt
and double dealing, the debatable land, to the
region of assured certainty. The Republican
party stands for protection. It stands for the
gold standard and our currency .system. All
these dwell in legislation enacted under the
lead of the Republican party and against the
most determined opposition of the Democratic
party, including its leader and candidate.
These being our policies, and having been
most useful to the country, we have confidence
in and love them. If it be necessary • from
time to time that they should be strengthened
here and controlled there, the Republican party
stands ready with loving,, competent hands to
apply the proper remedy.
I Bay "remedy." Being our policies, we will
not willingly subject them to their enemies for
•low starvation on the one hand or to sudden
destruction on the other.
If this chosen leader and his friends arj
converts to Republican policies, should not
they '"bring forth fruits meet for repentance"
before they ask to be placed in the highest po
sitions to. affect the well being of all; or, if
they profess all things to all men, then they
are not worthy the confidence of any man. If
clothed with power, will they follow in the
paths of legislation according to their loves
and votes as manifested by their action al
ways heretofore, or will they stand by, protect
and defend the gold standard and our currency
system that have been created under the lead
of the Republican party?
Correct revenue laws, protection or free
trade, the gold standard and our currency
system all depend on the sentiment of the
majority of our people as voiced at the ballot
box. A majority may <*iange our revenue
laws; a majority may change our currency
laws; a majority may destroy the gold standard
and establish the silver standard, or, in lieu
of either or both, make the Treasury note, non-
Interest bearing and Irredeemable, the sole
standard of value.
I congratulate him. It Is better to be right
late than never. It Is better to be right In one
thing than wrong in all things. I wonder if It
ever occurred to him that if his vote and sup
port for his party's candidate in IS'Jti and lvtiH)
had been decisive we would now have the sil
ver standard. I wonder what made him send
that telegram, after he was nominated, and
why did he not send It before? When did he
have a change of heart and Judgment? And
does he at heart believe In the gold Btandard
and our currency system, or does he try now
to reap where he hai not sown? If, perchance,
he should be elected by forcing together dis
cordant elements, I HUbmlt that, with a Demo
cratic House of Representatives or House and
Senate, there would be no harmonious action
in legislation, or administration that would
benefit the people, but that doubt and discon
tent would everywhere distress production and
labor. Consumption would be curtailed. In
short, we would have an experience similar to
that from 1893 to 1807. • '
the same time protecting our citizens laboring
in production against the competition of for
eign labor. Under this policy our manufac
tured product to-day is one-third the product
of the civilized world and our people receive
almost double the pay for their labor that
similar labor receives elsewhere In the world.
Hereby enabling us to bear the burdens of
citizenship.
Liberal compensation for labor makes liberal
customers for our progress. Under this policy
Y>f protection our home market affords all our
people a better market than has any other
people on earth and this, too, even if we did
not sell any of our products abroad. In addi
tion to this we have come to be the greatest
exportlne nation in the world. For the year
endinr June 30, 1904. our exports to foreign
countries were valued at 51.4tiO.000.OOO. of
which $450,000,000 were products of the fac
tory. The world fell in our debt last year
$470,000,000. an Increase of $75,000,000 over
the preceding year.
This policy of protection has always been
opposed by the opponents of the Republican
party and Is opposed by them to-day. In
their last national platform, adopted at St.
Louis, they denounce, protection as robbery.
They never have been given power but they
proceeded by word and act to destroy the
policy of protection. Their platform Is as
silent as the grave touching the gold standard
and our currency system. Their chosen leader,
after his nomination, having been as silent
as the sphynx up to that time, sent his tele
gram, saying In substance that the gold
standard is established and that he will gov
ern himself accordingly If he should be elected.
BETTER LATE THAN NEVER.
In pursuance of the usual custom the con
vention appointed a committee, of which it
honored me with the chairmanship, to wait on
you and inform you of its action, which duty,
speaking for the committee, I now cheerfully
perform, with the hope and the confident, ex
pectation that a majority of the people of the
republic will In November next approve the
action of the convention by choosing Electors
who will as.«ure your election to • the Presi
dency as your own successor.
MR. ROOSEVELT'S ACCEPTANCE.
President Roosevelt shook Cannon's
hand heartily at the conclusion of the
notification speech and then mounted
the chair to deliver his address in re
sponse. So cordial a reception was giv
en to him that it was some time before
he could proceed. He was in excellent
voice, and, though he followed the
printed text of his speech, he seldom
referred to it. The address was punc
tuated by applause. The President
said:
Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of the Notifica
tion Committee: I am deeply sensible of the
high honor conferred upon me by the repre
sentatives of the Republican party assembled
in convention, and I accept the nomination for
the Presidency with solemn realization of the
obligations I assume. I heartily approve the
declaration of principles which the national
convention has adopted, and at some future
'day I shall communicate to you. Mr. Chair
man, more at length an&' In detail a formal
written acceptance of the nomination. Three
years ago I became President < because
of the death of my lamented predecessor. I
then stated that It was my purpose to carry
out his principles and policies tor the honor
and the interest of the country. To the beat
of my ability I have kept the promises thus
made. If next November my countrymen con
firm at the polls the action of the conventon
you represent. I shall, under Providence, con
tinue to work with an eye single to the wel
fare of all our people. A party is of worth
only in so far as It promotes the national in
terest, and every official, high or low, can
pcrve his party best by rendering to the peo
ple the best service of which he is capable.
Effective government comes only as th« re
eult of the loyal co-operation of many differ
ent persons. The members of a legislative ma
jority, the officers in the various departments
of the administration, and the legislative and
executive branches as toward each other, must
work together with subordination of self to
the common end of successful government.
We who have been entrusted with power as
public servants 'durlnc the past seven years
of administration and legislation now come
before the people content to be judged by our
record of achievement. In the years that have
gone by we have made the deed square with
the word; and if we are continued in power
we shall unswervingly follow out the great
Ilne3 of public policy which th-j Republican
party has already laid down; a public policy
to which we are giving and shall give a
united and therefore an efficient support. .
In all of these we are more fortunate than
our opponents, who. now appeal for confi
dence on the ground, which some express and
some seek to have confidentially understood,
that if triumphant they may be trusted to
prove false to every > principle which in the
last eight years they have laid down as vital,
and to leave undisturbed those very acts of
the administration fcecause of which they ask
that the administration Itself be driven from
power. Seemingly their present attitude as to
their past record Is that some of them were
mistaken and others Insincere. We make our
appeal In a wholly different spirit. We Rre
not constrained to keep silent on any vital
question; we are divided on no vital ques
tion; our policy Is continuous, and is the
same for all sections and localities. There
is nothing experimental about the govern
ment we ask the- people to continue in power,
for our performance In the past, our proved
governmental efficiency is a guarantee as to
our promises for the future. Our opponents,
either openly or secretly, according to their
several temperaments, now ask the people to
trust to their present promises In considera
tion of the fact that they intend to treat
their past promises as null and void. We
know our own minds and we have kept of th*
same mind for a sufficient length of time to
give to our policy coherence and sanity. In
such a fundamental matter as the enforce
ment of the law we do not have to depend
upon promises, but merely to ask that our
record be taken as an earnest promise of what
we shall continue to do. In dealing with the
great organizations known aa trusts, we do
not have to explain why the laws were not en
forced but to point out that they actually
have been enforced and that legislation has
been enacted to Increase the effectiveness of
their enforcement. We do not have to pro
pose to "turn the rascals out," for we have
shown in every deed that whenever by dili
gent investigation a public official can be
found who has betrayed his trust he will be
punished to the full extent of the law without
regard to whether he was appointed under a
Republican or a Democratic administration.
This le the efficient way to turn the rascals
out and to keep them out, and It has the
merit of sincerity. Moreover the betrayals
of trust In the last seve,n years have been
Insignificant in number when compared with
the extent of the public service. Never has
the - administration of the Government been
on a cleaner and higher level; never has the
of the party and then condemn it. They can,
for selfish or parisan reasons, abuse you per
sonally and misrepresent the party which you
lead. It Is true, however, that eo far thtir
abuse of your action and their alleged fear
of your personality Is insignificant as compared
with the personal and partisan, carpings
against Lincoln, Grant and McKinley when
they were clothed with power by the people.
Those whose only grievance i« that you have
enforced the law and those who carp for sn«re
partisan capital will not, in my Judgment, if;i-p
the harvest of success. The Republican party
for you and under your leaderehip appeals to
the great body of the people who live In the
sweat of their faces, make the civilization,
control the republic, fight Its battles and de
termine its policies, for approval and con
tinuance In power. "
The office of President or the United States
Is the greatest on earth and many competent
men in the Republican party are ambitious to
hold it, yet the Republican convention met
at Chicago June last and unanimously, with
one accord,' nominated you as the candidate
of the party for President. I am sure all Re
publicans and a multitude of good citizens who
do not call themselves Republicans taid
"Amen."
Glancing at the button and discover
ing that it bore a fine likeness of Judge
Parker, he remarked:
"That proves absolutely what sub
lime confidence we up-State Repub
licans have in one another."
During the afternoon, before the de
parture of ( the guests, the President
had conferences with several of them.
To-morrow ' President Roosevelt will
start for Washington. It Is not un
likely th*t he will return to Oyster
Bay in two weeks, thus shortening his
proposec stay at the national capita).
American Interests In the Pacific have rap-
Idly grown. American enterprise has laid a
cable across this the greatest of oceans. We
have proved In effective fashion that we wish
the Chinese empire well and desire its Integ
rity and independence. Our foothold In the
Philippines greatly strengthens our position in
the competition for trade of the East; but we
are governing the Philippines in the interest
of the Philippine people themselves. We have
already given them a large share in their
government, and our purpose is to increase this
share as rapidly as they give evidence of in
creasing fitness for the ta3k. The great ma
jority of the officials of the islands, whether
elective or appointive, are already active Fili
pinos. We are now providing for a legislative
assembly. This is the first. step. to be taken in
the future, and it would be eminently unwise
to declare what our next step will be until this
first step has been taken and the results are
manifest. To have gone faster than we have
already gone in giving the Islanders a con
stantly increasing measure of self-government
would have been disastrous. At the present
moment, to give political independence to the
Islands' would result In the Immediate loss of
civil rights, personal liberty and pubic order
as regards the mass of the Filipinos, for the
majority cf the Islanders have been given those
great boons by us and only keep them because
we vigilantly safeguard and guarantee them.
To withdraw our government from the islands
at this time would mean to the average native
the loss of his barely won civil freedom. We
have established in the islands a government
by Americans assisted by Filipinos. We are
steadily striving to transform this Into self
government by the Filipinos assisted by the
Americans. The principles which we uphold
should appeal to all our countrymen in all por
tions of our country. Above all, they should
give us strength with the men and women who
are the spiritual heirs of those v.ho upheld
the hands of Abraham Lincoln, for we are
striving to do our work in the spirit ¦with
which Abraham Llncol napproached his. Dur
ing the seven years that have Just passed there
Is no duty, domestic or foreign, which we
have shirked;- no necessary task which we
have feared to undertake, or which we have
not performed with reasonable efficiency. We
have naver pleaded Impotence. We have never
sought refuge In criticism and complaint In
stead of action. We face the future with our
past and our present as guarantors cf our
promises, and we are content to stand or fall
by the record which we have made and are
making.
CALLS FOR GOVERNOR PARDEE.
After the informal reception which
followed the address. Speaker Cannon
suggested that all the visitors assem
ble on the lawn at the foot of the
veranda steps "in order that they have
their respective shadows secured ere
the substance fade." As the President
descended the steps to face the pho
tographer he called for Governor Par
dee of California and "W. S.' Simpson
of Texas to stand near him. These
two, with Speaker Cannon. Chairman
Cortelyou, Governor Odell of New
York, Cornelius N. Bliss and Frank S.
Black, were grouped about the Presi
dent as the photographs were taken.
A buffet luncheon followed. The
President's children, nephew and nieces
served the guests.
Early in the afternoon William
Barnes Jr. of Albany pinned a cam
paign button on the coat of former
Governor Black. "While Black was
conversing with .the President. Gov
ernor Odell approached and. seeing the
button, inquired: ¦
"Black, when did you leave the Re
publican party?"
"Haven't left," was. the reply.
"Then, why are you wearing that but
ton.around here?"
Our foreign policy has been so conducted
that, while not one of our Just claims ha3
been sacrificed, our relations with all foreign
nations are now of the most peaceful kind;
there is not a cloud qn the horizon. The last
cause of irritation between us and any other
nation was removed by the settlement of the
Alaska boundary.
In the Caribbean Sea we have made good
our promises of independence to Cuba, and
have proved our assertion that our mission in
the Island was one of justice and not of self
aggrandizement; and thereby no lesa than by
our action In Venezuela and Panama we hava
ehown that the Monroe doctrine la a living
reality, designed for the hurt of no nation,
hut for the protection of civilization on the
Western continent, and for the peace of tha
world. Our steady growth in power has gone
hand in hand with a strengthening disposition
to use this power with strict regard for th*
rights of others, and for the cause of inter
national justice and good will.
We earnestly desire friendship with all the
nations of the new and old world; and we
endeavor to place our relations with them upon
a^ basis of reciprocal advantage Instead of
hostility. We hold that the prosperity of each
nation is an aid and not a hindrance to the
prosperity of other nations. We seek inter
national amity for the same reasons that make
us believe in peace within our borders; and
we seek this peace not because we are afraid
or unready, but because we think peace Is
right as well as advantageous.
PROBLEM OF THE PHILIPPINES.
honesty, of courage and of common sense.
In Inaugurating the great work , of Irriga
tion In the AVest the administration has been
enabled by Congress to take one of the long
est strides ever taken under our Government
toward utilizing our vast national domain for
the settler, the actual hocaemaker.
Ever since this continent was discovered the
need of an isthmian canal to- connect the Pa
cific and Atlantic has been recognised; and
ever since the birth of our nation such a canal
has been planned.
At last the dream has become a reality.
The Isthmian canal is now being built by the
Government of the United States. We con
ducted the negotiation for its construction with
the nicest and most scrupulous honor and "In
a spirit of the largest generosity toward those
through whose territory it was to run. Every
sinister effort which could be devised by
the spirit of faction, or the spirit of
self-interest, waa made/In order to defeat the
treaty with' Panama aad thereby prevent the
consummation of this work. The construction
of the canal is now an assured fact; but mc«t
certainly It la unwise to entrust the carrying
out of so momentous a policy to them who
have endeavored to defeat the whol« under
taking
The people, under the lead of the Republican
party, wrote on the statute books revenue
laws, levying taxes on the products of foreign
countries eeeking oar markets, which replen
ished our treasury, but were so adjusted as
to encourage our people In developing, diver
sifying and maintaining our industries, at
Under the lead of the Republican party for
more than forty years, the United States, from
being a third-class power among tne nations,
has become Jn every reepect first. The people
rule. The people ruling. It is necessary that
they should be competent to rule. Competency
requires not only patriotism but material well
being, education, statecraft.
The ceremony was informal. As
Speaker Cannon, attired in a dark
frc-ck suit, stepped on a chair near the
veranda railing, he was greeted cor
dially. While he read the notification
President Roosevelt stood at his right
hand, giving close attention to the ad
dress. Mrs. Roosevelt, surrounded by
her children, Kermit, Ethel and Quen
tin, stood facing Cannon, almost in the
center of the crowd.
CAXXON'S NOTIFICATION SPEECH
Cannon was frequently interrupted
by applause. His thrusts at the Demo
cratic party, his reference to the tar
iff and to the gold standard and to the
construction of the Panama canal
aroused much enthusiasm. He spoke
as follows:
Mr. President — Tha people of the United
States, by blood, heredity, education and
practice are a. self-governing people. W> have
sometimes been subject to prejudice and em
barrassment from harmful conditions, but we
have ouutrown prejudice and overcome condi
tions as rapidly as possible, with due regard
to law and the rights of Individuals. We have
sometimes made mistakes from a false sense
of security or from a desire to change poli
cies Instead of letting well enough alone,
merely to see what would happen; but we
have always paid the penalty of unwise ac
tion at the ballot box and endured the suffer
ing until, under the law, through the ballot
box. we have returned to correct policies.
Tested bv experience, do nation has no suc
cessfully solved all problems . and chosen
proper policies as our nation. • •
President Roosevelt personally re
ceived the members of the committee
and other guests as they arrived at
Sagamore Hill. He knew almost every
man personally. After the visitors had
been greeted by the President, Secre
tary Loeb presented each one to Mrs.
Koosevelt and to Miss Alice Roosevelt.
Mrs. Roosevelt extended to all a cordial
welcome and the hospitality of her
home.
After some consultation between the
President, Speaker Cannon, Chairman
Cortelyou and Secretary Loeb, It was
decided to hold the exercises on the
veranda.
Speaker Cannon and his committee
of notification, together with many of
the invited guests, arrived on a special
train from New York at 11:30 o'clock
in the morning, the run from New
York having been made in an hour.
The attendance of the members of the
committee was notably large, regrets
beinji received from only three — James
N. Combs of Florida, Senator Depew of
New Yorlc and Senator Clark of Wyo
ming. Senator Depew is in Europe and
Senator Clark was prevented by im
portant business from being present.
PRESENTED TO MRS. ROOSEVEI/T
From the arrival of the special train
with the National Committee an board
until Its departure not a hitch occurred.
In accordance with the wish of the
President, the ceremony was made as
simple as possible.
The formal notification of the nomi
nation was made" on behalf of a com
mittee representing every State and
Territory in the United States by Jo
seph G. Cannon, Speaker of the House.
The day opened with ideal weather
and the arrangements for the cere
mony were completed at an early hour.
The wide veranda of the President's
house at Sagamore Hill, extending al
most entirely around the building, was
decorated with American flags hung
from pillar to pillar. In addition many
houses in the neighborhood of the
iloosevelt home in Oyster Bay were
draped with the national colors. Across
the main street of the village there
hung a large Roosevelt and Fairbanks
banner.
President Roosevelt's speech of ac
ceptance was characteristically force
ful and direct in argument and replete
with epigrammatic passages. It was
received with immense enthusiasm by
his audience. His satirical references
to the Democratic party aroused laugh
ter and applause.
7 As the President concluded his speech
Speaker Cannon, chairman of the
notification committee, grasped his
hand and congratulated him cordially.
George B. Cortelyou, chairman of the
Republican National Committee, then
extended his congratulations. He was
followed by all the members of the
notification committee and the guests.
The speech of the President will be
circulated extensively in the campaign,
as aside from the letter of acceptance,
which he will issue in a few weeks, it
probably will be his only public utter
ance during the campaign.
SAGAMORE UUAj ASTIR EARIA*.
OYSTER BAY. L. I., July 27.—
Theodore Roosevelt . to-day fo/mally
opened the present campaign of l*)04 at
his country home, Sagamore Hill.
Standing on a spot made dear to him
hy the associations of a lifetimes sur
rounded by his family and relatives
and friends, and in the presence of an
assemblage of men distinguished in ell
walks of. life, he formally received and
accepted the nomination of the Repub
lican party for President of the United
States.
The Democrats are making extensive
preparations for the Parker and Davi3
ratification meeting at the Alhambra
Theater to-night. Thomas J. Geary
has been added to the list of orators.
Joseph S. Tobin will preside. Timothy
Spellacy of Kern, chairman of the
State committee, was at Democratic
headquarters, California Hotel, yester
day.
Judge Murasky will sit In his cham
bers on next Monday and Thursday
evenings, August 1 and 4, at 8 o'clock to
accommodate aliens who desire to com
plete thoir naturalization. It is requis
ite to entitle an alien to vote that he
be naturalized ninety days before an
election. August 10 will be the last day
on which an alien can qualify for the
Presidential election, November 8, 1904.
To-night there will be meetings In the
various Assembly districts for the pur
pose of proposing the names of men to
represent the party in the State, Con
gressional and local conventions. The
conferences to-night will be under the
immediate auspices of the Republican
County Committee. In three or four
districts Independent tickets will be put
forward to represent the sentiment of
vcters who are not inclined to obey the
direction of the local governing body of
the party. Independent Republicans of
the Thirty-second Assembly District
will meet at Maennerbund Hall next
Saturday evening and propose delegates
for the State and city conventions, and
the votes of the party on primary elec
tion day will decide the contest- The
nomination for State Senator to repre
sent the Ninteenth Senatorial District
is involved in the fight, and there are
indications that the independent dele
gation will support Senator Richard J.
Welch for another term.
The County Committee programme
may not prove acceptable to the Re
publican citizens of the Forty-first As
sembly District, as it is intimated that
John H. Nelson is slated for renomlna
tlon to the State Senate to represent
the Twenty-fifth Senatorial District, of
which the Forty-first Assembly District
is a subdivision. It is fairly well un
derstood that Nelson has the support
of A. Ruef. Republicans of the Forty
first are inclined to support E. J. Prin
gle for Senator.
For the Assembly to represent the
Forty-first, Maxwell McNutt is men
tioned. The district is largely Repub
lican, but the voters are quick to resent
anything which bears the semblance of
outside interference in their local af
fairs. When regular nominations are
not acceptable to the citizens, independ
ent tickets are put in the field and gen
erally elected.
At the primary election Tuesday.
August 9. delegates to the nominat
ing conventions of the several political
parties will be chosen. The Republi
cans of San Francisco are all taking
an interest In the coming event.
"Everything has been agreeable to
me. I am here. In common with other
Democrats throughout the country, to
assist in promoting Democratic har
mony and success. Everything that
has occurred has impressed me with
the fact that there is nothing to pre
vent all Democrats uniting and mak
ing a successful canvass in the State
and nation. New York City will give
the greatest majority ever known."
Murphy discusse4 State politics with
Judge Parker and various State lead
ei-E. It may be. said upon, competent
authority that Parker and Murphy got
very close together on that subject.
The Governorship and other places on
the State ticket were among the mat
ters talked over. That he is not com
mittal to Mayor McClellan of New
York for Governor is one of the things
the Tammany leader is said to have
told Judge 'Parker.' who is said to have
spoken earnestly in favc-r of the Mayor.
Every vehicle- in Esopus was needed
to convey the committee from the. train
to Rosemount and even then a second
trip was necessary. Judge Parker wel
comed his visitors, on the veranda. Da^
vid B. Hill was in 'Judge Parker's wag
onette, which was first to arrive. When
he Paw Murphy he strode toward him
with outstretched hand and with a
cordial "How are you. Murphy?" The
greeting was" hearty on both sides.
lLowling joined them, and as Judge
Parker's attention "was engaged in
greeting other guests, the trio con
versed for * two- or three minutes.
Charles F. Mtxrphy. just before depart
ing, said:
ESOPUS. N. Y-. July 27.— Members of
the Democratic National Committee
made an informal call on Judge Alton
B. Parker tir-day and found him en
tertaining Leader Charles F. Murphy
und other persons prominent In Tam
many HalL David. B. .Hill and.Mur
phy joined hands ori the Rosemount
veranda and others who have hot been
political friends for years put aside
their differences, and, for the day at
least, met on common ground.
The coining of the National Commit
tee was heraldrd far and- wide, but no
announcement had been made of the
proposed visit of the Tammany dele
gation. Several of the committeemen
expressed surprise at finding the New
York men at llosemount, but Murphy
made no effort to avoid meeting the
Parker campaign managers. After a
long .uninterrupted conversation with
Judge Parker, Murphy and his party
bed luncheon with the candidate, after
.which the talk was continued until the
arrival of the National Committee.
"Uncle Joe" Cannon
Spokesman for
Committee.
Warring Chiefs . Meet
as Friends at
Rosemount.
Republican Voters
Preparing for
Election.
SO long as the Republican party is in power the gold standard is settled, not as a matter of
temporary political expediency, not because "of shifting conditions in the production of
gold in certain mining centers, but in accordance with what we regard as the fundamen
tal principles of financial morality and wisdom.
That whenever need arises there should be a readjustment of tariff schedules is
undoubted, but such changes can with safety be made only by those whose devotion to the prin
ciple of protective tariff. is beyond question/for otherwise the change would amount not to re-
We recognize organization of capital and organization of labor as natural outcomes of
our industrial system. Each kind of organization is to be favored so long as it acts in a spirit
of justice and of regard for the rights of others. Each is to be granted the full protection of
law, and each in turn is to be held to strict obedience of the law; for no man is above it and no
man below it.
- We have shown that the Monroe doctrine is a living reality, designed for the hurt of no
nation, but for the protection of civilization on the Western Continent and for the peace
of the world.
We have established in the Philippine Islands a government by Americans, assisted
by Filipinos. We are steadily striving to transform this into self-government by Filipinos, as
sisted by Americans.
Simple Ceremony
at the Sagamore
Hill Home.
POLITICAL
FOES BURY
THE KNIFE
DISTRICT
MEETINGS
TO-NIGHT
STRONG POINTS IN PRESIDENT'S SPEECH
ROOSEVELT IS FORMALLY NOTIFIED OF HIS NOMINATION
AND OPENS THE CAMPAIGN WITH A CHARACTERISTIC SPEECH
Republican Leaders
Congratulate the
Nominee.
Notable Gathering
of the Party's -a
Big Men.
Continued From Page 1, Column A.
CONTROL OF THE PANAMA ROAD
came on from Chicago by reason of
the gravity of 'the situation for the
transcontinental railway . lines of the
Harriman system, to talk with the
business men, who have not been back
ward In telling of the local traffic men
what they desired. One conference, at
which Stubbs. R. P. Schwerin, repre
senting the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, and business men were pres
ent, lasted five hours. Among those
who have been concerned in presenting
facts and the claims of the business
men of the coast are William R.
Wheeler of Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson,
who is prominent Jn the counsels of the
Pacific Coast Manufacturers' and Job
bers' Association, . and the Metal and
Hardware Association; A. C. Rulofson,
of Baker & Hamilton, also in the coun
sels of the Manufacturers* |and Jobbers'
and the Metal and Hardware Associa
tions; and Harry D. Loveland, presi
dent of the Pacific Coast Manufactur
ers' and Jobbers' Association, and also
Identified with other organizations that
deal with large trade * and commercial
matters.
The San Francisco business men did
None of the parties to the conference
was ignorant of , the possibilities in
hering In an "open, shop" railway
across the Isthmus of Panama when
the conference began. • J. C. Stubbs
that President Roosevelt will not coun
tenance the continuance of the con
tract between the cPanama Railway
and the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany. The information first came from
Washington. When Commissioner
Grunsky. one of. the Panama Canal
board, came out, to the coast recently
,he was interviewed and assurance on
a vital point was made . doubly sure.
The President has given the necessary
order.- The enormous advantages that
must result soon to Pacific Coast com
merce and trade were then immediate
ly apparent. The perception of them
led to the conferences that have been
In progress as alluded to In the fore
going.
President Roosevelt's move In favor
of open competition between carriers,
by the use of the Panama railway,
under conditions that eliminate all dis
crimination, has filled the business men
and manufacturers of the coast with
enthusiasm. Growing out of it is a
possibility that the trade area of San
Francisco may be permanently extend
ed eastward to Salt Lake or beyond.
The interests of New York and Cali
fornia, by reason of the position of
both on the seaboard, are the same in
the freedom of the Panama road. The
transcontinental carriers have been
making rates that favor Chicago and
Middle "V\Test points as against New
York and have built up their trade at
the expense ,of the Atlantic seaboard.
It Is supposed here that any rate that
the transcontinental carriers may make
for Chicago into Salt Lake and the Salt
Lake territory can be easily beaten by
San Francisco in connection with New
York and other Atlantic seaboard
points, by the use of steamships out-
BENEFITS FOR COAST.
conferences or of the subject matters
that are still open.
Francisco merchants, had demon
strated that freights could be brought
in by sea and be sent far inland before
they would be unable to meet the com
petition from Chicago, St. Louis and
other Eastern and Middle West points;
also that even better conditions for the
interests of the Pacific Coast, which the
transcontinental railways and steam
ship lines .must recognize, were about
to be created, possessing the element
of permanency.
The representatives of the Harriman
Interests by land and by sea have met
with the business men repeatedly and
have discussed various phases of the is
sues for the purpose of getting a full
understanding. , Their deliberations
have been carried on as secretly as pos
sible/Some of the topics that have been
talked over have subsequently been the
subject of conversation In the clubs
among ¦ the • comparatively few who
have .been* in the: inner councils. The
transportation people naturally have
not : desired to have the facts become
public. Harriman has been in constant
touch.; Business men who have attend
ed * the conferences have denied that
they had any knowledge either; of the
not have to say broadly that when the
Panama railway is open to all users,
on even terms, to be so maintained un
til the Panama canal Is opened. It
would be possible for any one to put
on tramp steamships and move
freights to and fro between New York
and San Francisco or between other
sea points, entirely independent of the
wishes and policies of the South
ern Pacific and Pacific Mail steam
ship combination of transporta
tion lines. This was understood
on all sides. It- was also of com
mon knowledge that the Oriental busi
ness could be carried on in. inde
pendent steamship lines, which Is now
and has been Impossible for many
years. The Immediate need of San
Francisco to have its trade territory
extended was more pressing than any
other local consideration, and to. this
the San* Francisco' business men have
addressed their efforts.
It was pointed' out that the ex
perience San Francisco had when
there was war between the Pacific Mall
Steamship" Company and the North
American Steamship Company, the lat
ter; being a line' subsidized' by. San
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1904.
Questions of equal Importance to the
trade- and commerce of this coast have
not been considered at any time since
the first transcontinental railway was
constructed and the first railway tariff
was made effective.
The full effect of the^conferences that
are going on in this city will not be
realized for some time.
side of any railway combination.
Immediately after the first act the
party was taken behind the scenes.
The gentlemen were introduced to
Peter F. Dailey, Harry Kelly and John
Spaf l ks.'* 1 'Mrhi!e Mrs. and Miss Pardee
were entertained by Miss Fay Temple
ton.
NEW YORK. July 27. — Governor
Odell, with Governor Pardee of Cal
ifornia and the latter's wife and
daughter and General Graham of
New York, occupied a box at the Aeri
al Gardens to-night and witnessed the
performance of *A Little of Every
thing."
the Californians at a Theater
Party.
New York Chief Executive Entertains
PARDEE AND FAMILY
ARE GUESTS OF ODELL
FOLK'S OPPONENT CHOSEN*.
Cyrus P. AValbridge Republican Xoml-
nee for Governor of Missouri.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 27. — Cyrus P.
Walbridge of St. Louis was nominated
for Governor of Missouri at 10:45
o'clock to-night, on the first ballot
taken by the State Republican Con
vention. He. polled 522 votes out of
a total of 765. John C. McKinley
polled 151 i/J votes. J. H. Bothweil
104 V-z and I<eo Rassieur 45.
The platform adopted follows
closely the features of the national
party principles and takes a firm
stand /against boodleism in the State.
The Democratic party is condemned
on a charge of fostering crooked elec
tion methods in the State and for al
leged dishonesty in the handling of
State funds*.
Wine 150 years old exists in Switzer
land.
Boom Seems Useless.
XETV YORK, July 27. — Elihu Root
to-day made another attempt to pre
vent fcis nomination as Republican
candidate for Governor, of New York
J^tate this fall. .The effort, however,
like previous attempts on Root's part
to smother his "boom," is a distinct
failure, and in the Manhattan Hotel,
¦where Cortelyou is staying; in the he
publican Club and in Fifth Avenue
Hotel among Republican leaders the
demand for his nomination was more
determined than ever. Men wno
talked -with Governor Odell said that
there was little doubt that Root would
be forced to accept the nomination.
.Governor Pardee of .California dined
tvith Governor Odell to-day.
llffort to Fight Off Gubernatorial
ROOT MAY HAVE TO YIELD.
2
DK. - PIERCERS RKMEDIKS.
Coins. Tbeir.ProDEr Treatment and Cere.
Commonly, the first symptom of a "cold "
is a chilly feeling, accompanied by sneez-
ing, or a tickling in the throat. The most
frequent of external 'causes are draughts,
Tret or cold feet, or going from hot rooms
suddenly into cold ones. More frequently
there is an inner cause — namely the stagna-
tion of the blood caused by constipation or
biliousness. Almost the first symptom is
the feeling of cold in the feet and increased
discharge from the nose.
No one ever takes cold unless consti-
pated, or exhausted, and having what we
call tnal -nutrition, which is attended with
impoverished blood and exhaustion of nerve
f^rce- Tonics consisting: of large portions
of alcohol, iron or cod liver oil do not bring
the desired changes in the blood, because
they do not ester the system and are not
absorbed into the blood, with the exception
of the alcohol, which shrivels up the red
blood corpuscles when it does come in
contact with them. We recommend the
botanical extract of Dr. Pierce because it
contains no alcohol, and offers a reasonable
and scientific method of treating the blood,
by improving the nutritive functions of the
patient The " Golden Medical Discovery "
accomplishes this, by first restoring the
enfeebled digestive' organs, 6O that food,
the natural tissue builder, will be digested
and assimilated.
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce'*
Golden Medical Discovery. There is noth-
ing "jnst.at good" for diseases of the
tto=Ach. nMHril
AJVVE^TJSjaiENTS.
(fOSmTElfc
fclTTERS
When the tongue is coated, appetite
poor and sleep restless, you will find
a few doses of the Bitters will do you
a world of good. It tones up the
stomach and cures Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Vomiting, Cramps and Liver
Troubles. Try a bottle,
HI lllr^ j|\ Q £^O
tS^9^ - *C^^^i/ nn ait
Ptbtit camera
(Buy this week Don* wait.
II Abo bTq Cut* on other Cameras
jSUKSET BAZAAR,
K 42 Third St. ' SahPrahcisco
CARTERS! SICK heada 1 ™-
SPittie Genuine Must Bear
3 PILlS fac-Simila Signatar*t he Naval Service.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.--An im-
COMMISSIONED AS WARSHIPS.
Russia Puts Seven Merchantmen Into
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.—Vice
roy Alexieff^ha8 issued an order of the
day appointing Grand Duke Boris a
first lieutenant and special service of-
t ficer to General Kuropatkin, thus seem
ing to dispose of the story of the Grand
Duke's differences with the comman
der In chief. r .
Boris Becomes Aid to Kuropatkin.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.— A tele
gram from General Kuropatkin was re
ceived, to-day confirming the occupa
tion of Tatchekiao by the Japanese on
July 25, and* adding that a Japanese
division had moved on Haichsng.
The commander in chief reports that
two Japanese " battalions, marching
through the Khonago Valley toward
Suian, by way of Ta Pass, on July 25.
were ambushed by Russian cavalry and
the head -of the Japan|se column ¦ was
dispersed in disorder, IBs ing fifty men.
ment of Japanese Forces.
Kuropatkin Reports Forward Move-
ADVANCING UPON HAICHENG.
Call Is Issued for. 3Ieeting to Select
Nominees for Various
Offices.
Chairman Taynton of the Prohibition
j State Central Committee has just is
; sued the call for the Prohibition State
| Convention to meet in San Jose on
Thursday and Friday, August 26 and
27. It will consist of 260 delegates, one
from each Assembly district and one
additional for every twenty-five votes
or major fraction thereof cast for the
Prohibition candidate for Governor at
the last general election. Prohibition
ists will participate in the primaries on
August 9 and expect to make a better
showing then than they have ever done
before, at the primaries.
Besides the ten Presidential electors
and Congressmen the delegates to San
Jose wuX nominate Assemblymen and
Senators in j.11 districts comprising
mor/ than one county: namely, in the
First, Third. Fifth. Ninth, Twenty
ninth, Thirtieth. Thirty-first, Thirty
third and Thirty-ninth Senatorial dis
tricts and the Fourth, Fifth,
Eighth, Tenth, Eleventh. Twelfth,
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Assem
bly <itstricts.-
The San Jose Prohibitionists have ap
pointed a committee of fifty to take
care of the convention and are raising
a fund from the business men pf the
town to meet all local expenses of the
convention. The railroads have granted
a full fare one way for the round trip.
This will gTeatly encourage the attend
ance of both delegates and visitors
Formosa and Holsatla Are Surren
dered by Russia. ; : ;^; ; ;
SUEZ, July 2..— The Peninsular and
Oriental Steamship. Company's For
mosa, which was captured in the Red
Sea by the volunteer fleet steamship
Smolensk and which arrived here yes
terday, flying the Russian naval flag
and with a prize crew on board, has
been released.
The Hamburg-American line steam
ship Holsatia, which arrived here this
morning, having on board a prize crew,
has likewise been released. ¦
TWO PRIZES RELEASED.
PROHIBITIONISTS WILL
CONVENE AT SAN JOSE
Officials of the department say there
will be no hasty action. The whole
subject of Interference with American
trade between the belligerents in the
present war will be considered, and
each protest that may be forwarded
will be part of a uniform and consistent
policy to be followed by the department.
Mitchell stated that he represented
the Portland Milling Company. The
company, he said, had shipped on the
Arabia for Hongkong 99,000 sacks of
flour, worth about 5100,000. He declared
this flour was not destined for Japan
and that it was part of the normal
trade of the company and was not a
war order. Mitchell also requested the
State Department to take steps to pro
tect legitimate neutral trade from such
serious interference as these attacks by
the Vladivostok squadron.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— The State
Department has finally received a for
mal protest against the action of the
Russian navy in seizing American
goods, and, as a result of Its prelimin
ary study of the law and precedents
governing the subject. It is prepared to
act energetically and promptly. This
protest relates to ! the seizure of an
American cargo on board the Ham
burg-American steamship Arabia,
bound from Portland, Or., for Hong
kong, China. United States Senator
J. B. Mitchell of Oregon telegraphed
to the State Department a statement of
the conditions under which the Arabia
carried out this cargo. He declared the
flour aboard the vessel was in no sense
contraband. Indemnity and satisfaction
are demanded for the owners of the
flour. : ; ; y-';
Consignors of the Steamship Arabia's
Cargo Demand Indemnity.
PROTEST TO WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO. July 27.— There are re
r<?we<i rumors to-night that the
Frhvarzschild & Sulzberg-er and
Cudahy interests are about to break
MAY' DESERT BEEF TRUST.
TOKIO, July 27. — Foreign and domes
tic shipping is to-day practically at a
standstill and it is possible that on ac
count of -future uncertainty it will be
only partially resumed when the pres
ent raid of th*e Russian Vladivostok
Squadron somes to an end.
The sweeping list of articles declared
by Russia to be contraband of war ren
ders almost every vessel approaching
Japan liable to seizure. American and
British shipping and commercial in
terests are deeply concerned at the
lpsses already sustained and the prob
able future Impairment of trade; they
are anxious, also, that their respective
governments reach an understanding
with Russia concerning contraband of
war without loss of time. .
The steamship Siberia, belonging to
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
is now held at Kobe. Japan. Her sail
ing has been postponed indefinitely.
Foreign Slilp Owners Hope Powers
Will Settle Contraband Question.
JAPAN'S COMMERCE CRIPPLED.
SEATTLE. July 27. — To decide the
rights of a Philippine vessel owned
by citizens of the United States in re
gard to the imposition of tonnage
taxes and light dues the case of the
United States against the barkentlne
Alta was appealed from the United
States District Court to the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day. The
ship Is owned by American residents
in the Philipines, but is unregistered.
The United States Treasury Depart
ment contends that the owners are
liable to the tax. The ship was built
under the British flag and Judge Han
ford ruled that under a treaty between
the two countries British built ships
were exempt from this tax when
owned by Americans and decided in
favor of. the ship owners. As the
question involved is constitutional the
case will go to the Supreme Court and
will come up at the October session.
Deci-ion Is Wanted on Rizhts of Phil
ippine Vessels Owned by Amer
ican Citizens. --'
BARKENTINE ALTA CASE
TAKEN TO SUPREME COURT
peria! ukase has been issued, placing
seven merchantmen purchased abroad
during the last few months on the
navy list, four of them as second-class
cruisers. These four have been re
christened the Don. the Ural, the
Terek and the Mouban. The other
three have been renamed the Irtysh.
the Anadyr and the Argun and are
listed among the transports. The for
mer Identity of nhese vessels is not
revealed. There Is reason to believe
that the cruisers will be sent at once
to the Red Sea to replace the volun
teer steamships, the war status of
which is in dispute.
RUSSIA'S GOOD FAITH IS
QUESTIONED BY DR. KAPLAN
TURKEY NOT TO INTERFERE.
Will Permit Passage of Russian Ships
Through Dardanelles.
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 27.— The
Russian statement that vessels of tho
volunteer fleet hereafter will not be
permitted to operate for war purposes
is regarded in Turkish official circles
as settling the. question of their pas
sage through the Dardanelles, .It is
held that as they will have -only the
status of merchantmen there Is no rea
son to refuse them permission to tra
verse the straits as heretofore.
The British cruiser Lancaster i3 still
off the entrance of the Dardanelles.
Lecturer Says It Is the Greatest Ab
surdity to Believe In Slavs'
Friendships
Dr. B. M. Kaplan, president of the
Associated Charities of Sacramenft,
lectured last evening at the Bush
street Temple on the Russian-Japan
ese war, showing its pauses and possi
ble effects on civilization. Dr. Kap
lan said m part:
The war must be deprecated as entailing suf
fering on thousands cf Innocent men beeauxs
of Russia's greed and aggression.
All war !s wholesale tragedy, though In re-
KANSAS CITY. July 27. — There
will be no sympathetic strike of the
aSied trades unions whose members
f-re employed at tb* local packing
houses until the men are ordered out
by the International Union, when, the
men say. they will obey the order.
This was decided at a meeting of the
Central Labor Union in Armourdale
to-night, at which all the allied trades
were represented-
Th» reason for this action. It Is said,
was that the men here are not willing
to go out on strike unless they are
Espured of strike benefits, and they
will not receive such benefits if they
F.re not called out by the International
ALLIED TRADES WILL WAIT
sard to the pr»s«r.t conflict there is the humor
ous side, and it is to be found in the absurdity
of Russia's claim to being the champion cf
Christianity as against Japanese paganism in
the Kast. Aa a matter of fact, there is mora
practical Christianity in Japan than in the so
called Christian Russia, where the elements of
justice and humanity are totally lacking.
Japan allows freedom cf speech, freedom *f
conscience, and encourages education. Russia
holds her F*°P !e In darkness. Russian despot
ism fears the dawn of enliKhtenrnen: as the
robber fears the dawn of day.
Russia Iove3 Russia, and outside her owa
despotic bureaucracy sis* has no use for any
people. To believe in Russia's friendship Is
the greatest absurdity.
How can Russia consistently love this fT*«
republic while sfce is. the moat bitter eneasy ot
freedom, equality and the rights of the com
mon people — principles and ideals which are
the very life blood of this most aoble reputtUc?
CARBONpALE. 111.. July 27.—
Joseph Leiter's guards to-day succeed
ed in placing within the town of
Zeigler a contingent of workmen to
complete the construction of his plant.
Ihe men left East St. Louis shortly
after 8 o'clock this morning and were
in Zeigler at noon. Not a shot was
fired at the men. The men who were
taken into the town declared that tney
did not know \he conditions. Tney
were not permitted to leave the train
and guards during the last thirty
miles of the journey would not per
mit any person to enter the cars.
Mechanics Are Escorted to Town of
Zeisler Under Guard.
LEITER IMPORTS WORKMEN.
Those on board the Malacca say that
the vessel stopped as soon as the St.
Petersburg signaled her to stop. When
the Russian officer went on board the
Malacca he was told that the vessel
was- carrying lyddite, consigned
to the British arsenal at Hong
kong, and a mixed cargo for Yoko
hama. The Russian officer asked per
mission to examine the Japanese por
tion of the cargo, and it was pointed
out to him that the stability of the
ship would be endangered if a cargo,
which was at the bottom of the hold,
were displaced. After a hasty inspec
tion of the manifest the Russians seized
the ship.
ALGIERS, July 27.— The Peninsular
and Oriental Steamship Company's
steamship Malacca, which was seized
in the Red Sea on July 16 by the Rus
sian volunteer fleet steamship St. Pe
tersburg, has arrived here with a prize
crew on board. She was released at
sundown.
Russian Crew Disembarks.
Steamship Arrives at Algiers and
MALACCA IS RELEASED.
away from the beef trust, treat with
the union strfkers independently and
resume operations at their plants.
>"pither fide will jrive any definite
inform".':on about trie report, but the
stcry jpras repealed from mouth to
mouth among the strikers to-day and
was one of the most buoyant influ
ences of the day among the men who
are out of employment.
At 7 o'clock on Monday morning the
Japanese seized Chengsbishan without
resistance and pursued the Russian
force toward Tatchekiao.
Suddenly, at 10 o'clock on Sunday
night, the entire Japanese right was
hurled against the first Russian posi
tion east and west of Taiping Moun
tain and easily captured it. At mid
night the second position was attacked,
and by dawn the Japanese occupied
the eminence . to the east of Shanchal
tun. The Russians were in retreat
toward Tatchekiao.
The Russian fire prevented a general
advance and determined General Oku
to await the advent of darkness to de
liver a night assault. Two divisions of
Russians occupied the Saichlng road,
and General Oku took the precaution
ary measure of engaging this force
with artillery. _ The Russians replied
with artillery and the duel lasted until
dark.
ward from the vicinity of Chuchiatun,
and. confronting the Russian line tb the
east of the railroad, began the advance
at an early hour on Sunday morning.
At 9 o'clock the Japanese right had
reached a bluff a little less than two
miles from. Taiping Mountain. At 5
o'clock in the afternoon the Russian
batteries posted in various positions on
the high ground opened with vigor and
shelled the advancing Japanese line.
The strength of the Russians gradually
developed during the day, and General
Oku estimated it at five divisions and
100 guns.
VICTORIOUS NIGHT ATTACK.
A lengthy meeting of the defense
committee took place to-day under the
presidency of Premier Balfour, at
which the Attorney General, Sir Rob
ert Finlay, was present. Sir Robert
was called in to advise as to the ques
tions of international law Involved.
In the opinion of these diplomats the
cargo, or at least a portion of the cargo
of the Knight Commander, included
contraband of rar, under the Russian
declaration. The bridge work among
the cargo Is said to have been destined
for the Fusan-Seoul Railway, which
the Japanese are building for military
puri>oses. The Russian" declaration
also announced that rice and other
foodstuffs were contraband if sent at
the enemy's cost or order.
Attention is specifically called to the
feature of the declaration saying that
neutral ships with contraband of war
of any sort can, according to circum
stances, be not only seized, but also
confiscated. If the ship can be confis
cated, it is contended, she cak be sunk
as well.
"There is no question of loss of life,
but I am afraid there is a question of
breach of international law."
In the Iiijht of the declaration of the
Russian Government respecting con
traband of war, made three weeks
after hostilities commenced, no repre
sentations have been made by Count
Benckeridorff, the Russian Embassa
dor to Great Britain, to Foreign Secre
tary Lansdowne regarding the Knight
Commander, the Embassador not hav
ing received advices from St. Peters
burg on the sub4«ct. nor is it seen by
the Russian diplomats how it is possi
ble for their Government to make a
prompt answer to the British demands.
It is not known when the Vladivostok
squadron will return to port. The com
mander of the squadron, it Is pointed
out, unquestionably seized the papers
"of the vessel, including her manifest,
and. therefore, will be able to present
reasons to show why he sank the ship,
and, with his reasons in their posses
sion, the. Russian authorities will be
able to complete their answer to the
British representations.
CONTRABAND IN<THE CARGO.
LONDON, July 27.— The British Gov
ernment sent instructions to Sir
Charles Hardinge, the British Embas-
Tsador to Russia, to-day to energetically
protest against the sinking of the Brit
ish steamship Knirht Commander by
thejRussian Vladivostok squadron. Un
til the presentation of the note to the
Russian Government the greatest se
crecy will be maintained regarding its
contents, but it is known that Premier
Balfour and his colleagues have de
cided to demand that the fullest rep
aration be made by Russia or stern
measures will be taken.
The British note which Sir Charles
Hardlusre will submit will not men
tion the amount of indemnity Russia
must pay the owners of the ship and
British subjects having goods on board
the vessel, but all that will be sought
will be the establishment of the prin
ciple of indemnity and apology. A
salute of the British flag also must be
conceded and the future protection of
neutral shipping assured.
The attitude of the British Govern
ment is the result of .thorough consid
eration given to reports received from
Sir Claude Macdonald, the British Min
ister ct Tokio. and the examination of
International law authorities by legal
experts. The dispatches from 8ir
Claude Macdonald confirm the reports
that the Knight Commander had no
contraband of war/on board for the
Japanese. The Government and all the
British authorities. It is asserted, unite
on the point that there was no justifi
cation for the sinking of the vessel.
It is felt in Government circles that
the Knight Commander incident over
shadows the Red Sea seizures, which
practically have been adjusted, but
which have failed to settle the question
of the rights of neutral commerce.
BALFOUR INFORMS PARLIAMENT
That the British Government regards
the sinking of the steamship Knight
Commander as a breach of inte^rnation
al law was confirmed by Premier Bal
four in the House of Commons this
afternoon. Answering questions re
garding destruction of the Ke-jcJu
Commander and the seizure of the
Malacca and other vessels, the Prem
ier said he hoped to be in a position
to make a brief statement regarding
the Malacca to-morrow. As to the
sinking of the Knight Commander he
"regretted that information which
reached me this morning confirmed
this regrettable occurrence." Balfour
added:
LOWELL. Mass.. July 27.— Miss
Nance O'Neil, the San Francisco tra
gedienne, who recently purchased a
handsome summer estate at Tyngs
boro, a few miles from here, has be
gun to stock it with pets of a unique
kind. Her favorite and most recent
purchase is Sweet* Alice, a superan
nuated, decrepit and blind mare, which
until recently was a cab horse at a.
Washington-street stand in Boston. '
Miss O'Neil was driven out to Brook
line a few days ago with Sweet Alice
in the shafts. Coming back the poor
animal broke down and seemed on the
point of dissolution. • She bought' the
horse from the cabby and had it taken
in an ambulance to her farm, where it
is slowly recovering from its numerous
maladies.
Miss O'Neil has derived so much sat
isfaction from the result of her benev
olence that she plans to extend the
hospitality of her pasture next year
to a considerable number* of over
worked equines. A bull terrier, three
parrots, an Angora cat and a span of
magnificent bays are new additions to
her collection.
A half-mile track has been laid out
and Miss O'Neil speeds the bays upon
it daily.
Special Dispatch to The C«J1.
Actress Derives Pleasure
Out of Benevolence aiid
Comforts May Be Expanded
"The Russian squadron is intact and
the health of the garrison Is splendid,
but the sameness of food is trying."
"The Japanese are discouraged by the
failures which they made to close the
entrance at Port Arthur with fireships
and have stopped sending them in.
They have also grown tired of bom
barding the fortress and shore bat
teries.
'The Japanese have between 40.000
and 50,000 operating before Port Arthur.
The troops maintain a constant ex
change of skirmishing fire, but the field
or other guns are usually silent. The
Japanese apparently are conducting a
slow, engineering advance. Often in the
morning the Russians discover fresh
trenches. The Japanese are compelled
to abandon this work in the day time,
as the Russians regularly open fire
on them as soon as daylight discloses
the works. The activity of the Japan
ese at sea is confined almost exclu
sively to nocturnal raids of the torpedo
boat destroyers and torpedo-boats, the
sowing of mines and the attacking of
guard boats.
""The main forces of the besiegers ar«
on the average at a distance of twenty
miles from the perimeter of the fortress
on the Russian right, but the Japanese
have approached to within twelve miles
on the Russian left.
"To sum up. by the fighting of July
3. 4 and 5, when evidently the Russian
forces were acting on the offensive, the
Russians regained on the land side the
positions they had held in front of "the
fortress previous to the battle of Kln
chou.
CHEFU. July 27.— Russian refugees
from Port Arthur, who have arrived
here, report that the Lieutenant Buku
roff and two other Russian torpedo
boat destroyers were torpedoed and to
tally destroyed by the Japanese on the
night of July 25.
LIAOYANG, July 27.— A Russian
correspondent of the Associated Press,
who has just arrived here after two
months' stay at Port Arthur, gives an
interesting narrative of -the situation
at the beleaguered fortress when he left
there. July 14, which shows that the
Japanese operations until then had not
advanced as tar as supposed. Several
Russian successes are chronicled, but
the report of a Japanese reverse, with
the loss of 30,000 men. is definitely dis
posed of. not -toeing even mentioned by
the correspondent, who says:
"When I put to sea in a Junk the
land position on the Russian right
flank, surrounding (Jreen and Sema
phore Hills, which the Russians had
lest, had been recaptured by assault.
The heights of Huinsin. which the Jap
anese defended desperately, alone re
mained in their hands. But I am con
vinced that this position also has since
been retaken. The very morning of my
departure. July 14, the position was be
ing bombarded by six-inch howitzers
and shells were falling repeatedly into
the Japanese works, causing great dis
order.
The Japanese began the advance
against the Russian' positions south of
Tatchekiao on Saturday, July 23. On
this day the vanguard occupied posi
tions in the vicinity of Chuchiatun, to
the southeast " of Tatchekiao, .develop
ing the position and strength of 'the
enemy. The Russian line was through,
the hills south of Tatchekiao, • extend
ing almost due east and west of the
railroad. The positions of the enemy
were fortified. The strongest point was
at Taiping Mountain, to the southeast
of Tatchekiao, and here the heaviest
force had assembled- The Russians had
two batteries of artillery posted near
Chatenganon, due south of Tatchekiao
and ahead of. the main line.
The Japanese deployed to the west-
Advancing on Sunday, General Oku
found a superior, force confronting him,
and that a heavy artillery fire from
the enemy was checking his men. . He
thereupon decided to hold the positions
he then held and to attempt a night
surprise. This was successful, the
Japanese troops sending the Russians
Into a retreat to Tatchekiao. The Jap
anese had only S00 casualties, iso esti
mates of the Russian losses are given.
The Takushan army did not partici
pate in this fight, it being located to
the east of Tatchekiao. Moving to the
northwest this force fought and won a
separate action on Friday, July. 22, at
Panling, losing thirty-one men. The
commander of . the" Takushan army
charges that the Russians violated the
Japanese flag, which they hoisted in
an attempt to deceive the Japanese,
after which they fired a volley into the
Japanese ranks. The Russians left
fourteen dead at Panling.
RUSSIANS WELL FORTIFIED.
TOKIO, July 27.— In a daring night
attack against a Russian force esti
mated at five divisions, with 100 guns.
General Oku succeeded In driving the
enemy from his strong line of defenses
south of Tatchekiao.
"Our losses have not been ascertain
ed, but they are estimated at about
twenty officers and 600 men killed and
wounded. Among the wounded is Colo
nel Auspensky, commanding-the Tomsk
regiment.
"I must testify to the remarkable
firmness displayed by all the troops in
my command, during this difficult ac
tioL, which lasted eighteen hours. The
Siberian regiments which had met the
main Japanese attack In particular dis
tinguished themselves t>y their un
wavering endurance. , Not an Inch of
ground was yielded, despite the enorm
ous numerical superiority of the enemy
and the repeated attacks on our 'center,
where the fighting on four occasions
was conducted at close quarters with
the bayonet, which the Japanese could
not withstand.
"The list of the men meriting rewards
for their share in this glorious fight
will follow. In the meantime I beg to
mention the great valor of the Tebolsk
and Tomsk regiments, of two bat
talions of the Semipalatlnsk regiment
and in particular of the Barnaoulsk
regiment, which , covered itself with
glory-. The conduct of all our batteries,
which remained in action for fifteen
and a half hours under heavy fire, was
beyond all praise.
"I am -unable to give the exact num
ber of losses sustained by the Japanese,
but I venture to say that their losses
were greater than ours."
JAPAN'S VERSION OF BATTLE.
LOSSES ARE NOT GREAT.
"At 7:30 o'clock the Japanese fire was
at its height, and In the last rays* of
the setting sun the enemy delivered his
attack on the Barnaoulstk regiment.
The latter, reinforced by three bat
talions under the command of Colonel
Debrotln, valiantly swept back the
enemy, making four bayonet charges
and capturing a number (not yet ascer
tained) of rifles, together with ammu
nition.
"At 9 o'clock in the evening the can
nonade ceased, but the rifle fire 'con
tinued until late in the night. We re
tained all our positions.
"After the fight it was ascertained
that our eighteen battalions had been
engaged with at least two Japanese
divisions, supported by an overwhelm
ing number of other batteries. The
general extent of the position meas
ured nine miles. In these circum
stances I did not think it advisable to
resume the action on the following day
and resolved to retreat toward tho
nocih. The withdrawal was effected
in p«tect order.
"'At about 7 o'clock in the morning
Japanese infantry was observed mass
ing in ilantsiatoun, Tantsuokara and
Dafanshen. The fire now became cen
tered on our troops occupying the
heights south of Tsianchiatsia. At the
same time two battalions of Japanese
infantry attempted to occupy a moun
tain to the northwest of Dafanshen;
but, being dislodged by our artillery,
the Japanese took flight. Our shells
burst full in the enemy's ranks.
"At about 11 o'clock between three
and four Japanese battalions were
firing on our troops occupying the
heights of Tsianchiatsia. A battery of
Russian field artillery and another
horse artillery then began to fire from
Nandaline, their fire converging upon
Dafanshen. As a result the Japanese
fire slackened.
"Immediately after 11 o'clock the
troops posted at Tsianchiatsia were re
inforced by a reserve battery, our fire
again causing considerable slackening
of the enemy's cannonade.
BATTALION LOSES HEAVILY.
"At 2 o'clock In the afternoon all of
our artillery, beginning from the Nan
daline position, changed front and
opened fire upon Dafanshen with such
marked success that the troops in that
section of the field attempted to take
the offensive against the Japanese right
flank. A battalion sent in advance re
ported the presence of large reserves
of the enemy on the line from Ment
siatoum to Fanchankau. The battalion
sustained heavy casualties and was
obliged to retire. At the same time the
Japanese occupying the heights of
Fanchankau threw forward at least
three more batteries.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 27. — The
Emperor has received from General
Kuropatkin a report conveying Gen
eral Zaroubaieff's account of the bat
tle of Ttachekiao. The report details
the engagement sX great length and In
dicates that the Japanese claims of
victory were unfounded. The Russian
force repulsed the Japanese at all
points and held their positions through
out the entire day. *At night, finding
that the Japanese were being heavily
reinforced. ZaroubaiefC ordered a re
tirement, which was carried out in per
fect order and without losses. This
retreat was in accordance with Gen
eral Kuropatkin's orders to fall back
rather than risk a decisive battle
against superior numbers. Zarou
baieff's report, after describing the
opening stages of the engagement, is in
part as follows: * s
CHICAGO. July 27.— "We had an
tgrctment v.ith Mr. Donneiiy"s organi
zation and the Allied Trades, which
ttey failed to live up to, and under
the circumstances we do not care to
ir.&keD any further agreements with
ihern-"
This is the statement which was
egiied by vhe representatives of the
I-ackers ar.d handed to the members of '
the State Board of Arbitration to-night
at the end cf a conference between the
two bodies, held at the request of the
State Board in an endeavor to bring
about another meeting for the settle
ment of the butchers' strike between
the packers and the striker?.
The packers received the State Board
courteously and listened to their argu
tr.ents for a peaceable adjustment of
the difficulty. The announcement that
the packers were opposed to any fur
ther i^ace negotiations with the strik
ers was handed to the Board by Arthur
Meeker and Thomas Connor, both of
Armour &~Co., who represented the
packerp.
While from their statement it would
appear that the packers are opposed to
meeting the strikers again on any
terms, such is not the case. At the
last conference between the strikers
.'r.d the packers the latter informed the
¦union leaders that at any time they
expressTC-d a desire to live up to the
original agreement, signed a. week ago.
v.hich provided for the reinstatement of
ihe striking butchers inside of forty
r.ve days and for the arbitration of all
grievances, the packers would be will
:rg to renew ftt**-agreement.
. • .The contention of the packers is
tf.at *his agreement is still in force.
¦a: : A r-p they are unwilling to offer any
farther concessions to the strikers
ihf.y fay a renewal of peace negotia
tions with the hope of securing better
tjrrr.s would be useless. The labor
leaders say. that when the butchers
»'ent* on the second strike because of
siilered discrimination by the packers
in .rehiring 'strike employes the arbi
tration agreement was nullified, and
that it Is necesrary to sign a new
issrrtenient before a settlement can be
reached.
' Poiine rule" to-day was declared
:n the stockyards region. During the
cay there were several minor dlsturb
*!•.(. es. in spite of the police, but when
night came the Chief of -Police said he
was master of the situation.
XX least- 1000 new employes were
tiken irito the yards and put to work.
A c©:»Fervative estimate of the num
ber of animals slaughtered to-day by
t^je different plants placed it at about
or.e-half the amount disposed of un
der normal coeditions.
The following figures were given
our by the packers, comparing their
non-union forces at work to-day to
their normal force in numbers:
V«t=*. * On Ftrike. At 'Work.
Fwift t Co 5635 29!>2
Arrour & Co 4SS2 3S*>
LIbby. McNeiU 4 Libbr 2TT« ' 785
Neiscn Mem- & Co 4100 2390
S.-htrancbi'.d & S'jlz*yrr«-r. IZCi CSO
N«t:cnal Pacici=« Comjiny. €575 3176
Kitty English, forewoman in ; the
Kvt&S department of the Swift plant.
ni mobbed and badly hurt by a
crowd of girl strike sympathizers. They
\^-.'. her. tore her clothing and
stabbed her in the face with a hatpin.
After a desperate struggle Miss Eng
lish escaped. No arrests were made.
¦ ?
Employers Will Not Confer
With Men Till They Prom
ise to Abide by Agreement
BUYS A BLEtt) HORSE
Russian War Craft
Are Sunk by the
Enemy.
Britain Demands a
Salute to Flag
by Russia.
Graphic Details of
the Tatchekiao
Battle.
Xance O'XeiFs SummerHome
Is Befnge for' Overworked
and Broken-Down Animals
Efforts of the Arbitration
'Board to Settle Strike
Are Apparently Futile
BAD FAITH IS CHARGED
PACKERS DEAF
TO PROPOSALS
STOCKS FARM
WITH ODD PETS
THREE TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYERS
OF PORT ARTHUR'S FLEET ARE PUT
OUT OF ACTION BY THE JAPANESE
THE SAN FRANaSCO CALL', THURSDAY, JULY 28. 1904.
3
ADVKmSEMIEpreS.
MEN, IT'S FREE!!
¦"\ ."'-¦*.- 1^ Ask me to send you. sealed, free, a •
I . fSmfs book Just completed, which will inspire ©
/ F&Fh. any man to be bigger, stronger, younger O
x / Of he is old), and more manly than he 0
tZ.^ v C^5~K«i ever felt. I am a builder of men. y
«^"V /&Jx/ctvJr*< I can take any weak, puny man and o
/^^^^wShJcT-^a make him feel like a Sandow. Of co'urse
_/>->fi^\^^IZ£^i5'S{ I can't make a Hercule3 of a man who •»
<fir X&sJr^ 1^ ~*e\£~# w *s never intended by nature to be O
lS&^ VZFi) strong and husky. I don't mean that. O
lt«fg^_ jA?5« But I can take a man who started 9
|>1§S3^t with a fair constitution and before it O
f i- i -rnggy ,eot fully developed began tearing It fc)
j 3tf down. That fellow Is weak nerved, slow, q
t V^iliL - poky, lacking in vim. ambition and self- q
-~\* - V^^^'^* >^ '¦ confidence. I can make a man of him A
L VSst*^- In three months, so that his own friends ji
V '!«* A won't know him. Jf
\ t^ *<? s Every man who Is weak and "going J?
/k y<Jj v back" knows that there onght to be •
iv^^. >N something which will restore that old ©
/^SJraV "steam" to his physical body. He has &
JtW$B V tried the usual drug method and found ©
f *"-a*ll P tbat a flzzle « and >* et he knows there g»
/ i 3 n P \V must be something. A
/.f . S •S////5 <wc • I know it. too. and I've got it. It's -j
i S $ *$•« V^ Electricity. You can't name anything X
f'S fc «5NJ \ more likely, to- have that force which a ••
M § \ *« weak man Iack3. It's a natural power. 9
1» » tfK **\ W I can • pump It Into a weak man while 9
i* h H S^ \tf« S» h<? sleeps and make him feel like a San- O
A % *S \^ C&\ v,; dow in no time. It's the spice of life. O
/? « « m >$ So get the book if you 1 to , •
II ifc C \&- :.'\ stronger. Send this ad. and 111 seal it 0
// - v \? OK closely and mail to you without marks. ft
•» ' VS «^<1 Come and see me. if possible. Whether J
you call or write. I'll give you the names of people you know that I ve *r
cured. **
Hi« M C Mr\ Afio-hlin 906 Market St. »
Office Hours: S a. m. to 8 o. m.; Svadsja, 10 to 1. ©
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules', That's aLL -._ a . •
AD\*EKTLSE>tENTS.
I Make a (^§||8gj)
S peei alt yj° f^<§2§jg>(
Developing & / >}
Printing g|/ /f\
at CUT IP (J<~t
If r©f*-e »t W tried me on ttU work.
ten U or.e vra're a regular customer.
aicct pereon* asr- who have ?'ver riven me
an «ier. Mj work Ss the best and mjr
UEVELOPIXG
Roll cf rt*. 1ft-: rr^l cf twelve, 15c.
SoiiO '. ¦ v 3c to 5c • "relox '.r'.sh 3c
*';'*" ) CAMEItAS in ail popular «iz*»-
r i h» r.-ii'o t*w-r. Prtntt by artificial
: %££ 2SK2 irsS SwT^
THAT AUN PITTS
F. vr. PITTS, the Stationer.
IOCS Market Street*. Opp. Tilth St.
San Krancisco.
[CARTERS) CURE SICK headachb.
SgSnTLE Gemuna Must Bear
1 PILLS* I Fa =- SKnfl9 Signature
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6!£O ki:A8\Y fcT. Established
to 1*34 for tfce treatment of Private
Di*e*>*s. Lr»t Ha&oood. Debility or
-1 !«*•»• w win* on hoUy and mind and
iiiarrtn. The Doctor rnrea when
others fail. Trr hits, ("barges low.
« tire* jo»rnnlrrd. O 1 1 or write.
Ikr. J. JT. CIUB«>, San Fraociaco, CaL
ADVERTISELMENTSj
WOMAN'S BURDENS ARE NUMEROUS, RESULTING IN
MANY .CATARRHAL ILLS.
Woman is burdened with hundreds of Do Not fall to Read Mrs. Frye*S
duties, some very weighty, some appar- . Notable Experience.
ently insignificant : all. in the aggregate, '
an overwhelming load. | ,, _ . _ i.-.. _, ,
Tlii . JJW ,_ Mrs - Sarah Frye. 204 Sylvan Ave..
Is it to be wondered when they get West Asbury Park. N\ J.. Arrites:
nervous rundown weary and weak? j .., h rQ . to express my grat-
Is it to be wondered when there is a ,¦« j. < + L . . , 'J*
general running d*wn of all the organs. '*"*. for ** e cure Peruna
creating a chance for the great national I " as °°P e ior m -- '* IS a godsend to all
ailment, catarrh, to make inroads upon suffering women. Peruna has' done
the constitution? wonderful work for me. I was sick
Debility of any kind leads to catarrh. over half of mr Ufa with svmttmie ca
and catarrh will attack that organ which / \ , III ,11 } 1, ¦ L j f
is the weakest. tarrh. I want this letter published far
If it is the stomach, it will become ca- and wide, as I was a great sufferer.
0 . th S *"5 3ach - ,.: ,„ . but to-day I feel as well as anybody
If it Is the kidneys, it will become ca- „__ /--/ u.-.i-, _;/ / /_ i *_Jl
tarrh of the kidneys. can \ eth f tar '/, °" m '\ J' f ' ' Aar »
If it Is the female organs. It will be- s P ent r.ear/y all / could make end
come female catarrh, or result in ca- | scrape for doctors, but none of them
tarrhal nervousness, otherwise termed; did me any good, but sines I started on
ne Th°e U re SS"2S oi thousands of suffer- \ «*' P *™.™ ™* f«* *9* ' ****** '«<
ing women who could be relieved of th-ir i found relief in yzur wonderful Peruna.
Ills If they were fully conversant with I had begun to think that I was not go-
the power of Peruna in relieving ca- ; ng to get well. but. thank God. I am
l^tJay. ,hc P e and pray you ma,
like that of Mrs. Frye. touching the mer- li*e long to help others as you hate
its of Peruna as a remedy for all ca- helped me. Instead of being a walking
3^. Buy Peruna tolday.
Procrastination is the ally of catarrh. w6tT - ' *'-l nw 03 without Peruna.
Don't let any one p/rsuade you that '¦¦¦¦'
there is any remedy that can be substi- If you do not derive prompt and satis-
tuted for Peruna. Pay no attention, to factory results from the use of Peruna.
imitations. \ I write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
The success of Peruna. has tempted a full statement of your case, and he will
great many people to invent something be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
to take the place of it. There is no such vice gratis.
remedy. Insist upon having Peruna. Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Take no other. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.. NAP A. July 27.— James A. Mlgltavacca and
Miss Adele McBaln. prominent young people of
Kapa. were united In marriage here this morn
ing in a new home which the groom built /or
his bride. The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Richard WjUe of the Presbyterian
churcU.
OAKLAND, July 27. — Interlocutory
decrees of divorce were granted. to-day
by Judge Ogden to Minnie M. . Mc-
Mullen' from Frank P. McMullen for
willful neglect, and to Sarah E.Prusso
from Louis E. Prusso for desertion. " !
.Wives Given Divorces.
OAKLAND. July 27.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John Washing
ton P. Laird. 60, Bakersfleld. and Lora
Dirkinson, 57, Oakland; Robert F
CKrk, SO. fian Francisco, and' Cather
ine L. Aspern. 21. Oakland; Frederick
P. Schilling. 26. and Minnie Cortz. 20.
both of Haywards; Louis Tavares, 23
and Elizabeth Ehmer, 25, both of Fruit
vale.
Marriage Licenses.
SANTA ROSA, July 27.— Six urchins
ranging from; seven to .ten, years occu
pied ¦ seats in the prisoner's dock •¦ of
Justice A. J. Atchlnson's court room
this morning^ charged with having
killed and barbecued . more than a
dozen prize bronze turkeys Imported
from the East, the property of Super
intendent - Frank S. Turner, , of' the
Santa Rosa Stock Farm. They admit
ted: their- guilt '-and were permitted to
depart to.their homes pending the final
determination of their cases.
Boys Feast on Prize Turkeys.
OAKLAND, July 27. — Campers set
fire to the brush along Calaveras
Creek near Sunol yesterday,. the flames
spreading and doing considerable
damage to barns and grain along the
watershed. Fire .fighters from Sunol
checked the fire this afternoon..
Cami>ers' Fires Work Damage.
SANTA , ROSA, July 27.— Sonoma
County's hop crop this year; is placed
at 20,000 bales, a conservative estimate,
and. a considerable, increase, over the
previous season. The present season
has been a splendid one.' for hops, the
cool weather holding the blooms back
properly. The yield of the State is es
timated '• at about 55,000 bales, and Son
oma'County will' furnish more than
one-third of the amount. ¦'
Large Hop Yield in Sonoma.
OAKLAND, July 27.— Judge Stephen
G. Nye, one of the oldest practitioners
at the Alameda\ County bar has an
nounced his intention of retiring from
the field of active service. He is going
to the hills near Fowler, where he. has
a vineyard. He has been an attorney
here since 1863. \
Judge Nye to Retire.
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— Chie'f of. Police
Kiely has information that Adqlf • Ma
dera, a -former member of the House
of Delegates, wanted in St. 'Louis on
indictments charging bribery In con
nection with the Suburban and 'City
Lighting bill deals, is employed In a
cigar factory at Denver. The 'Chief
has telegraphed the Denver authorities
that the reward of $300 offered for the
fugitive soon after the return cf the
indictment still stands.
Adolf 3Iadera. Wanted In St. Louis
'on Bribery Charge, Located In
Denver.
FORMER DELEGATE WORKS
- IN A CIGAR FACTORY
District Attorney J6hn W. P. Laird of
Kern County Wins Elderly
' Bride in Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 27. — John W. P.
Laird, District Attorney of Kern
County and a member of the Assem
bly in 1901, procured a license this
afternoon to wed Mrs. "Lora A. Dick
inson of this city. ; - - :>.¦ ¦
-, Laird is 60 years of age and Miss
piekinson is three years younger than
the Bakersfleld attorney. Laird is a
grandfather. ,
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
C. K/.Jenness at the residence of A. K.
Miller in Berkeley. .
CUPID'S DART STRIKES
AN AGED POLITICIAN
SEATTLE, Wash., July 27.— The Con
gressional Merchant Marine Commis
sion completed its work' in this city this
afternoon and departed for Tacoma to
night. During the day the members
of the commission spent three hours
hearing papers and addresses by repre
sentatives of shipping interests and
citizens Interested in the improvement
of the American merchant marine.
;!.Thfi commissioners will meet in Ta
coma to-morrow arid Friday, leaving
for Portland Saturday. They will
reach San Francisco August 3.
Congressional Body Expects to Arrive
Here During Early Part of
A ext Week.
MARINE COMMISSION
COMING TO THIS CITY
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— Henry Pontz
and Miss Alice Sherwood, both of San
Jose, Cal., were married at the.parson
age of j Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church by Rev. Dr. John Wilson in the
presence of a small number of friends.
The couple immediately left for a hon
eymoon trip, at the conclusion of which
they will go to San Jose to reside.
Henry Pontz and Miss Alice Sherwood
of San Jose, California, Are .
United.
GARDEN CITY y COUPLE -.
MARRY IN ST. LOUIS
OAKLAND, July 27.— Alice Max
well, 12 years old, who lives with her
parents on Hanover avenue/ East
Oakland, was thrown to the . ground
to-day while coasting down hill on a
pair of roller, skates. The fall re
sulted in a fracture of her right arm,
above the elbow. * <
Fall Results in Broken Arm.
BERKELEY. July 27. — Miss Alice
F. Keefer will retain her position aa
rrincipal of the Whittier School. Her
retention was assured by the Board
of Education voting last night to re
elect her to the place she has filled
tor several years.
It was made possible by School Di
rector W. K. Weir, who changed his
vole in favor of Miss Keefer after me
influence of the North Berkeley Im
provement Club had been brought to
bear in Miss Keefer's favor. The po
. rition was sought by George Klerulff,
' whom the . Board of Education con
sidered because of its policy to em
lloy only male principals in the
schools. •
At the last meeting of the board
the two candidates received three
% cites each, but the change of Director
Weir broke the deadlock.
Miss Alice F. Keefer Re-elected Head
of WhltUer School After
a Struggle.
WOMAN PRINCIPAL
RETAINS HER PLACE
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July
27. — William Amole. a former watch
man at the Portland mine, who was
arrested in connection with the alleged
conspiracy of the mechanical force on
that property to walk out in a body,
thereby closing the mine,; has arrived
here in an exhausted condition, and
tells a story of alleged maltreatment
at Victor. He says that after his re
lease by the military board at Victor
he was set upon by four masked men,
beaten and robbed of $26. His back
bears a number of red welts, where a
heavy horsewhip was laid across his
shoulders.
Former Employe of Portland Mine
Says He Was Beaten, Robbed
and Driven Away.
VICTOR MINER RELATES .
STORY OF MALTREATMENT
There is no possession, without ap
preciation.
OAKLAND, July 27.— Miss Emily
Meyer, who lives with her parents
at 1019 Third street, met with a seri
ous accident to-day at the plant of the
California Canning Association, where
she is employed. While going from
one department to another sne
slipped and fell, striking her chtn
against a projection. She caught her
tongue between her teeth when fall-
Ing and bit it severely. Her jaw was
fractured and her lower lips severely
gashed. Her injuries were dressed by
Drs. W. W. and H. S. Kergan.
Youngr Girl's Jaw Broken.
The local union of cement wprkers
installed the - following officers last
night:
¦ President. Edward George; vice president,
Peter Bennett; treasurer. L». Samuel; financial
secretary. L. Madsen: recording secretary. J.
Lewis; trustees — A. Bartell, t>. Samsel and' J.
Sandean; delegates to the Building Trades
Council. H. Smith and W. Britten.
OAKLAND, July 27. — The Building
Trades Council of this city will not
take part in the Labor day parade.
The members will devote the day to
exercises at Shell Mound Park.
Following are the officers elected last
night:
President. J. P. Burke; vice president,
Charles O'Neil; recording secretary, F. H
Pratt: financial secretary. W. J. Baccus; treas
urer. H. J. Edwards; sergeant at arms, C.
Chrlstensen; business agent, J. B. Bowen;
trustees — A. W. Rowland. F, M. Dewar T D
Villers, If. S. Clark. J. 8. Scott. '
Building Trades Council of Oakland
to Hold Holiday Exercises at
Shell Mound Park.
WILL NOT PARTICIPATE
IN LABOR DAY PARADE
, The animals were in a boxcar pre
paratory to being shipped to the St.
Louis exposition and Mills attempted
to tighten the rope on one of them. The
bull made a rush at the man and,
striking him In the chest, knocked him
down.. Scrambling to - his feet, he tried
to escape, but was met by the other
animal. . ( ...
Mills was again knocked down and
would have been gored to death had
not his employer, hearing the commo
tion and cries, come to the rescue, beat
off the maddened animals and dragged
the man from the car.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 27.— Eugene
Mills, an employe of a stock farm near
this city, had a hard fight for life to
day with two .prize bulls and only for
the timely arrival of his /employer
would have been killed.
Employe of Stock Farm Has Des
perate Encounter and Is Res
cued by His Employer. .-
MADDENED BULLS ALMOST
GORE A MAN TO DEATH
. BERKELEY. July 27.— The wedding of Miss
Elizabeth Cameron Hooper. whom society
knows as Miss ' ''Bee'' Hooper, the tennis
champion and golf player, and John Osgood
Blanchard will take place next Saturday after
noon at 4 ¦ o'clock in' St. Mark's Episcopal
Church.; It will be one of the Important wed
dings of the season and hundreds of society
folk have been bidden to the Interesting affair.
Rev. E. Is. Parsons, r#ctor of St. Mark's, will
unite the young people. Miss Ethel Hooper,
the bride's sister, will be the maid of honor
and, little Miss Mary Oayley. daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Charles Mills Gayley, will be
the flower girl. W. W. Lyman of St.. Helena,
the bride's uncle, will give her away. A re
ception at the Hoopec^home on Hawthorne
Terrace will follow the wedding ceremony and
preparations have been made to receive a large
number of guests. Miss Hooper is a daughter,
of Mr". E. H. Hoooer.
Miss Inze Howe has returned from a vaca
tion passed with friends in Grass Valley. She
was. accompanied by MIbs Amy Briggs. who
will be her guest here for two weeks.
Mrs. J. Ii, Ansel of Chestnut street and
Encinai avenue is home from an outing at
Zayante. 5
Mrs. C. T. Holbrook and daughter, Dorothy,
will spend ten days in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
ALAMEDA. July 27.— Dr. Norman Hender
son left to-day for Washington. He was called
there on business and expects to return to
Alameda. by ; August 10. ¦
BERKELEY, July 27. — The Coro
ner's jury sitting in the- case of Stone
wall Jackson Spires, whose body was
found in Co-ed Canyon last Thursday,
to-night submitted a verdict declaring
that the man had come to his death from
natural causes. Dr. J. T. Farrar, the
autopsy physician, testified that Spires*
death had followed a blood clot on
the heart- and upon this opinion the
jury based its verdict. According to
the physician there were no evidences
of poison or violence about Spires'
body.
The other witnesses were J. T. von
Ix»ben Sels, who found the body; F.
H. Coo*, who knew Spires, and L. H.
Ltrue, a relative, who testified con
corning Spires' family and late move
ments.
C<»roner*s Jury So Finds After Hearing
Antopey .Physician Testify In
the Cas>e.
SPIRES CAME TO DEATH
FROM NATURAL CAUSES
CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 27.— The
first report of Henry Knight and Ross
Moudy, State food inspectors, under
the new pure food law, shows that dur
ing the year 425 samples were submit
ted for analysis, and of this number
26S were found to be adulterated. In
all classes of food It was discovered
preservatives were used. A majority
of the samples were sent by dealers
who desire to use pure foods, and it Is
expected that concerted action will be
taken by the grocers and other retail
men of the State to put a stop to the
sale of adulterated foods by refusing
to buy those pronounced impure by the
State chemist.
Wyoming's New Law Produces Good
Results and Is Body Blow to
Adulterators.
PURE FOOD INSPECTORS
— - PRESENT FIRST REPORT
OAKLAND, July 27.— The directors
of the Merchants' Exchange gave a
supper at the Hotel Metropole this
evening *n honor of Theodore Gier
and W. H. Weilbye, the Alameda
County commissioners to the World's
Ffcir at St. Louis. The commissioners
recently returned from the exposition.
Commissioner Weilbye presented a
handsomely framed photograph of
the Alameda County exhibit to A.
Jonas, president of the Merchants'
Exchange. Among those present at
the banquet were: Theodore Gier, W.
H. Weilbye. A. Jonas, G. W. Arper, H.
Schlueter, F. Sinclair. E. F. Muller
J. S. Wixson. Wilbur Walker. H. C.
Coward, R. M. Briare, J. L. Champlin,
F. M. Farwell, H. G. Williams, H. N.
Gard. Supervisor H. D. Howe," Super
visor J. Mi Kelley, F. G. Eiben, George
Hoffman and H. M. Sanborn.
H. Weilbye Are Honored by
Commercial Body;
Commissioners Theodore Gier and W.
ALAMEDA, July 27. — President Jo
seph F. Forderer of the % City Trustees,
who was chosen chairman of the joint
committee composed of representa
tives of San Francisco, Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda interested in
the project of bringing a municipal
water supply from the Sierra Nevada
Mountains, is endeavoring to enlist
the Turlock and Modesto irrigation
districts in the matter.
Some of the members of the joint
committee considered that the head
waters of the Tuolumne River offered
a good source of supply for the bay
cities, but as opposition tossing that
source was expressed by residents of
Turlock and Modesto Chairman For
derer deemed it best to have those dis
tricts represented at the next meeting
of the committee. He has requested
the representaives of the Irrigation
districts to fix a time for the confer
ence.
Chairman J. F. Forderer of Bay
Cities Committee Writes to Tur
lock and Modesto Districts.
WOULD CONFER ABOUT
JOINT WATER SUPPLY
SPOKANE, Wash., July 27. — One of
the most daring crimes ever reported
to the police occurred at midnight
last night, when an unknown man ef
fected an entrance into St. Joseph's
Orphanage and entered the room of
one of the Sisters. He awakened the
Sister, who screamed for help, in
spite of the fact that he told her he
would kill her if she made the least
noise. Before she . could scream again
the ruffian seized her by the throat
and commenced choking her. By that
time other Sisters began to arrive on
the scene, but the man did not make
any move to leave the room till one
of the large mastiffs kept In the build
ing, which had been aroused by -the
screams of the Sisters, began to bark.
Before 7 the dog could be released
the intruder rushed from the room
into the hall and through the boys'
dormitory and made his escape
through an open window. . ,
The Sister attacked by the ruffian
was considerably injured about the
throat. .
Viciously Chokes a Sister WTio Woke
Up and Discovered Him -in
Her Room.
DESPERATE CRIMINAL
BREAKS INTO ORPHANAGE
Six-year-old Marian Rankin was the
victim of Heiser/s dementia. The child
had always stood in terror of Heiser,
and she fled in fright to her mother
whenever she saw him. When Heiser,
waving his arms wildly In the air and
screaming at the top of his voice, ran
toward her in front of the Rankin
home, the little girl started to escape
from him, but before she had gone a
dozen feet she was overcome by ter
ror and fell unconscious in the road
way. She died a few moments after
ward.
PHILADEPHIA, July 27.— Seized by
a fit, Joseph Heiser went on a rampage
through Andalusia, on the Bristol pike.
He frightened a little girl to death, ter
rorized the barroom of the Red Lion
Inn, smashed furniture at his home
and ended by throttling a motorman on
a passing trolley car, who finally suc
ceeded in overpowering Heiser and
turned him over to the police.
Girl Falls Into Faint That
Is Fatal.
When He Runs Aniuck Six- Year-Old
MAN SEIZED BY A FIT
SCARES CHILD TO DEATH
OAKLAND, July 27.— W. A. Randle
suddenly dropped the habeas corpus
proceedings he began last week to gain
possession of his daughter, Etta M.
Handle, who was living at the Notre
Danie Academy at Alameda. When
the matter came up for hearing this
morning before Judge Ogden the ap
plicant did not make an appearance.
He made the allegation in his petition
for the -writ that the child was being
restrained of her liberty by the sisters
in charge of the institution. When the
writ came .up for hearing last week,
letters of guardianship were applied
for by Miss Esther Hoover of San
Francisco, and both matters went over
until to-day%
In the petition Miss Hoover made the
charge that the father was not a proper
person to have the custody of the child.
It was further developed that the girl,
who is just 15 years of age, was taken
from the father by a Rebekah lodge of
San Francisco and placed at the con
vent. Her mother had been a Rebekah
ard the lodge took the case of the girl
in hand on that account- At her death
Mrs. Randle left $700, and with this the
lodge paid the sisters to take care of
the child until she was 18. Miss Esther
•Hoover was appointed the girl's guar
dian to-day.
Miss Esther Hoover Is Appointed Her
Guardian in Absence of the
Father.
\\. A. RANDLE ABANDONS
ATTEMPT TO GET CHILD
The board at its meeting to-day took
the following action in regard to ap
plications for reductions of assess
ments: Granted reductions to Bertha
Aaron, from $2000 to $1400; "W. P. Fer
guson, from $1500 to $1000; Albin
Putzker. from $6850 to $4850;. Paul
Lohse, from $1325 to $900; William I.
Reed, from $700 to $100.
Denlad reductions to F. Meunier,
from $850 to $750, $1225 to 900 and $800
to $700. It also denied three reductions
asked for' by W. G. Sanborn of Berke
ley and allowed him three on some
property of small value. The board ad
journed to meet Friday.
EXCHANGE DIRECTORS
GIVE SUPPER TO AGENTS
OAKLAND, July 27.— Agents of the
Southern Pacific Company will appear
before the Board of Equalization Fri
day and attempt again to have the as
sessment taken off its 'franchises for
running Its ferries across San Fran
cisco Bay. Assessor Dalton has placed
an aggregate assessment upon these
franchises of $750,000. Last year this
was eliminated.
on Them, Which Company
Wants Taken Off.
Assessor Has Placed Value of $750,000
EQUALIZERS WILL CONSIDER
RAILWAY BAY FRANCHISES
The California Vlticultural Club, which was
organized in March last for the purpose of
"promoting good fellowship among the mem.
bers and forwarding in all possible ways vlti
cultural interests," will hold its first annual
meeting in San Francisco on the first and
second ['days of August in the assembly room
of the' Mechanics' Library. The call for the
session is Issued by Professor E. H. Twight
of the agricultural department, who is secre
tary of the association.
The Pacific Coast Association of Chemistry
Teachers will hold its annual meeting on Sat
urday mornlne next in the lecture room of
the chemistry building. "Law and Theory in
Elementary Chemistry" will be the general
subject for discussion, besides which several
pf.pers will be offered. The meeting will be
called to order by S. C. Coleman, president of
the association. Professor Edward Booth is
the secretary.
BERKELEY. July 27. — The total enrollment
for the summer school Is 908. this being fifty
one more than last year, when there were 857
students registered, then the largest number
upon any of the summer sessions. There were
1U01 applications for admission to the school,
but only 030 registered, and of this number
twenty-two withdrew before paying their
tuition. t
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
William G. Henshaw, president of the Unton
Savings Bank, has departed for New York and
Paris. ¦
Dr. and Mrs. Brinckerhoff have been rusti
cating in Gualala, Mendocino County, for a
few weeks. The doctor has returned to Oak
land, but Mr*. Brinckerhoff will remain for
4 short while longer.
• . Dr. W. 6. Porter returned a few days ago
from Glenwood, much benefited by his short
rest.. Dr. Porter's romantic little love affair
has not ceased to be a subject of pleasant
comment in social circles, and his marriage
with Miss Brown this winter will without
doubt be an event of unusual interest.' Dr.
Porter is not building In Piedmont, as was
reported. '
The decorations were unusually attractive,
scarlet carnations glowing effectively against
a background of green, and the whole scene was
lighted by Innumerable tiny Incandescent
lights in red. green and white globes. An
elaborate midnight supper concluded a very
pit c rant affair.
Among Miss Kleeman's guelta were* -r Miss
Hanley. ¦ Miss Thomson, Mr. and Mrs. John
F. Conners, Mr. and Mrs. George B. Perkins,
Miss Perkins. Miss Pansy .Perkins, Miss Clara
Dtibney, Mrs. A. I>. Thomson, Miss Motile
Connors. Mrs. Charles Egbert. " Mrs. Thomas
Meln, Miss Helen Crane, Eugene Blanchard,
Dr. Clarence Thompson of Eureka, Dr. Albert
Berger of St»ckton. Rufus Smith, Dr. Davis
of the United States transport Logan, Dr.
George E.- Kleeman and Dr. Frank C. Klee-'
man.
Another interesting social affair was the
muslcale given by Miss Estelle Kleeman last
evening, complimentary to Miss Loretta
Hanley and Miss Anita Thomson. Both of these
much-feted young ladies participated in the
programme and were charmingly gowned — Miss
Thomson in a very becoming white silk and
Miss Hanley in an elaborate combination of
white crepe de chine, chiffon and lace. Miss
Mae Perkins, who has returned from the
Orient, was a guest and wore a perfectly stun
ning Princess gown of pink silk, heavily em
broidered. The yoke and sleeves were of the
silk made transparent with the most exquisite
Mexican drawn work. The long coat of Rus-
Bian tables brought back from CSjlna by Miss
Perkins is the envy of all her girl friends. Miss
Perkins will spend the winter In Washington
with her father, and when the season there is
over she Intends to make a European trip.
There were several other very handsome
gowns worn at the Kleeman function , last
evening.- the blonde young hostess herself
being attired in a pretty Paris gown of
cerise embroidered tulle. Miss Pansy Perkins
was. as usual, in white — a beautifully em
broidered silk — and Mis* Dabney wore a very
becoming blue satin brocade. Mrs. George E.
Perkins wore a striking costume of Brussels
lace spangled with silver. Mrs. John F. Con
ners also wore a beautiful gown of white
French lace.
OAKLAND. July 27. — Mrs. John Charles
Adams entertained , a distinguished young
relative, Miss Edith Totten of Washington, D.
C. yesterday, and Jn her honor a half dozen
friends were asked to luncheon. Miss Totten
is a granddaughter of Timothy N. Howe.' the
Postmaster General in Lincoln's Cabinet, and
is a very charming cultured girl. Mrs. Adams'
other guests were Miss Violet Whitney, Mrs.
bidncy \an Wyck Jr.. Mrs. W. B. Griffiths,
Miss Jean Howard and Mrs. Franklin Poore.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
San Francisco — E. I. Sheehan and family,
L. A. Welden and wife. Mrs. H. Parker, W.
Saalburg, E. Bannerot. M. A. • Froment, Mrs.
H. Dyer. H. Nerney, Mrs. F. A. Nerney and
family. Mrs. A. W. Oory. N. B. Knox, E. B.
Lindauer ar.d wife. W. O. Undauer^ Mrs. P. de
Vaull, Mrs. Nevln, Mm. J. Fontana and son
K. L. Rixford. W. H. Byrne.
Fresno — G. W. Seropian, W". R. Park. E.
H. Strother. T. E. Twining, F. Twining.
Miscellaneous — M. Reese,' Santa Barbara; J.
Bacon. Long Beach; Mrs. A. N. Evers, Oak
land M. Arnold. San Jose; I. E. Glrard. F. H.
Gallin. M. Gallin. F. J. Gallln. Oakland; W.
F. Bray. Placerville; J. F. Johes. J. Langdon.
San Rat.-i»l: Mrs. C\ H. Shumate. San Jos;;
W. C. NJllson and family. Santa Barbara;
Mrs. D. Glrard. Oakland; Mrs. O. W. Lutz
and son, Petaluma; R. R. McGimie. Ventura;
E. R. Foss. Santa Paula; Mrs. G. L. Lish.
Tolo County: A. Twining, Alameda: Mrs. M.
Landram, Merced: Mrs. J. L. Barraclough.
Oakland; T. Landram. W. L. Baker. Merced;
G. Watson, Fair Oaks; H. Thompson, Bel
mont; J. Simons, Colusa; L. L. Ingraham. Ana
heim; A. Ml -Abbott, Compton; J. Proper.
Ocean Park; 3. Good. Red Bluff;- A. L. Brier,
H. M. Herrington, Stockton.
ST. LOUIS, July 27. — The follow
ing' Californians are registered at the
California building: \
SU Louis Fair.
Visitors From Various Cities in Cal
ifornia Are Attending the
EXPOSITION FEATURES
CONTINUE TO ATTRACT
Both Dearborn and Murdock em
phatically declare that the reported
battle with burglars at Sather station
was in fact exactly as they related the
occurrence to their superiors. They
deny that there was any "fake" about
it.
The investigation of the affair by the
Sheriff's office and the Southern Pa
cific Company detectives the next day
showed some glaring discrepancies be
tween the story as told by the deputy
constables and the facts as they ap
peared. It all had such a queer look
that to-day action was taken and the
appointments of the men were re
voked.
Dearborn and Murdock told the de
tectives that they were shot at when
about 150 yards away from the build-
Ing and returned the fire from that
distance. The angle of the shots
through the walls showed clearly that
the bullets were fired hardly twenty
feet away from it.
All the shots went into the building
and there was nothing to show that
any had been shot from within. A
blood-stained handkerchief was pur
ported to have been picked up the
next morning by the constables, but
the blood was dry and apparently
many days old. When the entire story
had been analyzed it was found to be
incredible.
Closely following the reported sen
sational midnight battle between Dep
uty Constables Frank Dearborn and
Edward Murdock and six robbers at
Father station last Friday night has
come the revocation of their appoint
ment as deputy constables. This ac
tion was taken by Constable Cramer
to-day, who had reason to believe that
no robbers attacked his deputies and
that they did all the shooting that was
done themselves.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 27.
When Mrs. O'Keeffe was given her
divorce on the grounds of desertion and
failure to provide she did not think
her husband had any property and no
provision' was made In the decree for
the settlement of any property interests.
The finding of the stock has put an
other aspect on the affair and she
would now share with the two children
of O'Keefe in the estate. Were she a
divorcee *he would not be entitled to
a cent, # but as his widow she will get
at least half of the community prop
erty.
In; order to share In the estate of her
husband, Mrs. Nellie C. O'Keeffe must
be a real and true widow and not one
made by law, and to this end she went
into court to-day and had set aside an
interlocutory decree of divorce granted
her from Stephen R. O'Keeffe, a former
San Francisco attorney, last February.
Since the granting of the decree
O'Keeffe died at Bisbee, Arizona, and
left a block of mining stock that It is
now^belie-ved win be worth a large
sum of money, as a rich strike has
been made in the mine.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, July 27.
In the case of the composer. Professor
Stanley said in closing, that, all things
being equal, there is much to be said in
favor of the training made possible in
the university and which exists no
where else. This. .is because there is
danger that the specialist in music
may, like the investigator in other
subjects, lose sight of the relation of
his specialty to life, which is after all
the true end of education..
Professor Albert A. Stanley, professor
of music'at the University of Michigan,
sees no good reason why a university
cannot teach music as well as any
school that is organized specifically to
give instruction in the art. In fact, there
is much to be said in favor of the uni
versity teaching music," declares Pro
fessor Stanley, because along with this
special instruction goes the education
in history, philosophy and the modern
languages 'that make for the broaden
ing of the Intellect of the student and
turn him into a more receptive, sympa
thetic being.
Professor Stanley gave expression to
his views before his summer-school
class in music this afternoon at the
University of California, where he
spoke upon "Music and the University."
In considering the position of music in
the university, he said it must of neces
sity be treated as a subject for grad
uate work, and for research, and finally
its relation to the whole university
must be emphasized. As a subject for
graduate work music must bear the
same relation to college work that
specialization in other departments
bear to training in other academic
courses, and the highest degree in
music should only be given to those
who have done either research or cre
ative work of a high grade.
Speaking of the establishment of a
strictly professional department of
music, Professor Stanley said that he
would insist on the same entrance re
quirements as are given for the de
partment of art. Continuing he said:
I would not give more than forty hours in
thlg course. In addition to it I would Insert
a study course in history, physics, pholosophy.
modern languages and pedagogy. I would in
sist that the candidate for admission should
present in addition to the entrance require
ments, or in place of the same number, two
units, one of harmony and the other the ability
to play Intelligently and artistically— the two
are practically synonymous — a Beethoven so
nata of the difficulty of Opus 26. or a bach
fugue, either of A or G minor. That would
represent mora years of intensive work and a
wider range of general knowledge of literature
than the average requirement.
I woiild debar fo-called special students. I
would allow students to pursue the study of
e'thrr t"r.o piano or violin under an instructor
of university grade and give them credit up
».o a certain period, hour for hour. S
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 27.
To settle - accounts with the con
tractor a special bond election calling
for $6000 was held recently, but the
proposition was defeated.
In the investigation that has follow
ed, J. H. Strowbridge. a well-to-do citi
zen of Haywards. at his own expense
employed a building expert to examine
the structure, but his work was not
completed, as the contractor had lock
ed r.p the school, preventing an interior
inspection. Attorney E. G. Ryker was
also employed to assist in raveling the
tangle, but he has been unable to find
on record the copies of the plans and
specifications.
Meanwhile the new •Echoolhouse is in
the hands of the contractor. The
school trustees are G. S. Langan, Peter
J. Crosby and Dr. A. J. Dean. They
have made another effort to raise the
$6000 by calling an election to levy a
special tax in the district.
Bolted and barred against occupancy
is the new S30.OO0 grammar school
hsilding; at Kaywards. Contractor W.
W. Anderson, who erected the struc
ture, has refused to deliver the edifice
to the school trustees because,, he
< laims. th^re is a balance due on ac
tount of construction of $6000. In view
cf the tangle, the trustees will be com
pelled to begin the new school year on
Monday in the old building. They had
hoped to commence the term in the
i:cw structure, which is a modern one
in, every particular.
The trouble arises over an item of
Jlfl.000 difference in the estimated cost
id the building and the actual outlay
as shown by the contractor's accounts.
How the discrepancy arose is a matter
the trustees have under inquiry. Last
year Laurel school district voted $30,
000 in bonds to erect the building. As
i he work progressed this money was
eptnt and 59000 more, which was in the
school district fund. At this time it is
estimated that 510,000 additional will
be required to pay the amount claimed
by Anderson and to buy the necessary
furnishings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, July 27.
The company will be asked to run a
boat every two hours between mid
night and 6 o'clock a. m. Director
Sohst suggested that if the officials of
the company think that the arrange
ment will not be a financial success the
burden be shared by both the ferry
systems, the Southern Pacific boat and
the Key Route boat to operate alter
nate months.
Since the< appointment of the com
mittee a week ago, the members have
interviewed a number of prominent
business men of Oakland on the sub
ject, and all heartily indorse the pro
posed innovation. Several officials of
the Southern Pacific Company have
been spoken to and they appeared to
approve of the move. An attempt will
be made to reach an understanding at
the conference to-morrow.
The Merchants' Exchange of Oakland
is making • an effort to induce the
Southern Pacific Company to establish
an all-night service between Oakland
and San Francisco. To-morrow after
noon a committee of three members of
the exchange will hold a conference
with the officials of the company in San
Francisco, at which an attempt will
be made to arrange for the immediate
inauguration of the "owl" service.
The members of the Merchants' Ex
change committee are J. F. W. Sohst,
Wilbur Walker and T. G. Eiben.
The proposition to secure an all
night service between Oakland and
San Francisco was first brought up by
Director Sohst, who believes that since
there are two ferry systems in opera
tion there should be some means of
transportation between midnight and
6 o'clock a. m.
Oakland Ofi'ce San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 27.
The officersj'of the branch bank will
probably be temporarily located In the
office of W. E. Rudell, one of the stock
holders.
The officers' and directors have not
been named but they will be elected
at the next meeting of the stockhold
ers. The branch will be known as the
Alameda County Bank.
Among those who subscribed for
stock are:
R. Harklnswn and his brother. $5000; Mr. Pe
terson, $5000; H. A. Pleltner. $2000; George R.
Warren. $1000; John Bold, $1000; W. E. Ru
dell,- $1000; Alfred Robinson. *1000; George
Lund. $1000; Adolph Lorsbach, $1000; Joseph
Valleado'. $1000- De Los Pratt. $1000: Colonel
Frank Lynch $1000; O: H. Hull, $500; Mr.
Sandis. $500. "
The Bank of Antioch is to establish
a branch in Fruitvale and President
Harkinson has decided to begrin opera
tions within six weeks. The venture
has received the indorsement of the
Board of Trade of Fruitvale. the mem
bers of which have subscribed $100,000
toward its support.
Oakland Office San Francisco *Call
1016 Broadway. July 27.
Asks Court to Set Aside
Judgment as Her Husband
Has Died Leaving Money
Actual Cost of Structure
Nearly Twice as Great
as the Issue' of Bonds
Gentle Art Must Bear Same
Eelation to Curriculum
as Other Academic Work
It Is Charged They Made
lip Their Account and
Did Shooting Themselves
Large Number of Prominent
Business , Men Purchase
Stock in New Enterprise
Alameda Savings Bank to Jullen and Emily
Letroador, lot beginning on X 'line of Haight
avenue at a point intersected by line drawn at
right anjjes to S line of Railroad arenue and
through a point distant 173:5 W from XW cor
ner of land conveyed to Xathan Porter T. t>.
2so. thaace along X line of Haight avenue W
86:8V. by N 132. Alameda: $10.
Ava C. Mee (widow) to Mrs. U B. Faught.
undivided fourth of certain l^-»«r«> lot-form
ing portion of plat 2. map undivided moun
tain or nil! land of V. and D. Paralta Raneho
as partitioned by decree of Third District
Court March 2. 1S75, and conveyed to first
party herein. 602 D. 353. Oakland Township:
also undiverted fourth interest in and to tb»
soda andinlphur springs on the other portion
of said lj^-acre tract, same. Oakland Town
ship (first party reserves sufficient ground
along inner boundary of aforesaid W fourth
of eald land for right of way, etc.); $10.
C. D. and G. L. Vincent (wife) to E. B. &
A. Xt. Stone Company <a corporation), undl
rlded half of lot on SW line of East Eighteenth
street. 140 SE of Thliteenth avenue. SE 91 by
SW 150. block 91. same; $10.
Kate and C. H. King (by Joseph H. King,
his attorney) to Mary Morgan (widow), lot on
N corner of Eighth avenue and East Eleventh
street. XE 73 by XW 73, block 33. same: $19.
Adelbert T. and Electa L. Hay to Jennie C.
Darrow. lot on S line of Blake street. 473 E
of Fulton. E 40 by S 87:6. block 1454. Berkeley
property, maps) 1 and 2. Blake Tract. Berke
ley; $10
Julia S. Sanborn (wife of A, H.) to C. A.
XVestenbery. lot on W line of College avenu*.
50 S of Stuart. 8 60 by W 143. lot 2. block J.
Berry * Bangs Tract. Berkeley, quitclaim
deed: $10.
Horace Scott Seaton (single) to Xellle Mm
Anderson (wife of De Vere). lot on S ltne at
Delaware street. 50 E of California, E BO by 9
135. lot W. Range 12. Hardy Tract. Berkeley
(deed made In place of deed dated July 20.
W04, on account of error In acknowledgment);
$10.
Byron F. and Bertha Hoffman to Mary Pe
terson (widow), lot en W ltne of Scenic ave
nue. 65 § of Cedar street. S B9.28 by W 50.
portion lot 14. block 5. Daley's Scenic Park.
Berkeley: $100.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) td Emma- King
(single), lot on X line of Grant avenue. 210.B7
W of Gold street. W 50 by X 115, lots 6S and
t:su, amended map cf subdivision of Mosswood
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Kate and C. H. Klnff (by Joseph H. King,
his attorney) to M. H. Kilbourn, lot on XE lin»
of East Eleventh street. 73 XW of Eighth ave
nue. XW 75 by XE 75. block 33, Clinton. East
Oakland: $10.
John C. Davidson to Lena M. Davidson
(wife), lot on W line of Chestnut street. 150 9
of Thirtyrfourth, S 67 by W 127. block C7U.
Boardman'9 map. Oakland: gift.
Katherlne LorenK (widow) to Annie Osbom*
(wife of Frederick), lot on S line of Sixteenth
street. 160 E of Market. E 25 by a in;; .9. por
tion lot 5. block B. North Oakland Homestead
Association. Oakland: $10.
Helen. Lewis C. an«l Charles n. Harmon
(executors of the estate of Edward D. Har
mon) to Margaret Harmon (wife of Charles
R.). lot on SW corner of Woolsey and Kins
streets. S 4.".:2Vi W 120. X 43:11. E 120. por
tion S of \\'oo!?ey street of lot l-\ block B.
lands of Resent -street Homestead (recorded
July 2«, lf>04j. Berkeley; $$ZO. .
Jacob Isaacson to Susanna Isaacson lot 5,
block 5. Case Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Frederick Jenny,
lot £>, block G. Alameda Station Homestead
Tract. Alameda: $10.
Victor and Theresa En^inger to Katharine.
Halter, lot on S line of Eagle avenue. 2*J^:lt
W of St. Charles street. W 25 by S 150. por
tion of lots 12 and 11.- block K. property of
Columbus Bartlett. near Mastick station, Ala
meda: $10.
Arista C. Fately (single) to Matco Fl^oist,
lot on NE line of Oak avemie. «o.72 .VW of
Glen, XW 30. NE 10.J. SE 27.55. SW to begin
ning, portion lot* 1 and 2. subdivision of lota
2. 3 and 4 and 42 of map Xo. 2, Glen Echo
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Edward J. and Mary I.. Fitzgerald to Rcsa
Kane (widow), lot on X line of Twenty-sev
enth street, 255.87 E of Telegraph' avenue. E
33 by X iW, being E 27 feet of lot 4 and W ?»
feet of lot 5. Telegraph Terrace. Oakland; $10.
D. and Adelaide Robertson to W. F. Kroll.
lots 13 to 15, block L, Knowles and Potter
subdivision of Kennedy Tract, recorded July
2S. 1904, East Oakland; $10.
Katie L. and G. L. Fitz (husband and a»
attorney) to John Fletcher 51ms, lot 5. biocx
3. plan of State University . T Iomesi:c.«d Asso
ciation, adopted March 6. 1873. quitclaim d*ed.
Berkeley: #o-
John Fletcher Sims to Robert J.- Carter,
same. Berkeley; $10
Sarah A. McKee (by S. B. McKee) to Realty
Syndicate, one acre on SE corner of Alcatrai
avenue and Adeline street m per map of Para
dise Park, thence along S .lne <f Alcarra*
avenue. E 95:5. S 217:«. thence along N line
of Felton street. \V Zii:2. S IWi. to beginning,
portion of plat 46. Uar.choa V, ar.d D. Peraltv*.
quitclaim deed. Berkeley; Sltf
<-•*«. perry (single) to Pacific Coast Lum
ber and Mill Company, lot on SE line of
Seventh avenue. 75 NE of East Tenth street.
; NE ,3» by SE 75. block 10. Clinton,. East Oak
land; $10.
Robert M. and Laura C. Fitzgerald to Anni<»
Crow (wife of Charles W.). lot on W line of
Market street, 50 X of Thirty-second. N 25
by W 10O, lot 13, block 2(H0, Rowland Tract,
Oakland; ?10.
Mutual Investment Union to The Realty
Syndicate. 2.81 acres. being ail plat A. map
of the Tompkins Terrace. Oakland; ala© 2.68
acres, being all plat C. same map. excepting
from said plat C, SE to Gilbert. 200 NE of
John. XE 100 by SE 10O, same map, Oakland;
J. 8. and Clara Myers t» G. Warren Camp
bell, lot on NW corner of Delger or Twentieth
and Webster streets. X 43. NW 104:1. S\V
37.17. E 113:9. to beginning. Oakland; $10.
D- R. and Mary A. McNelll to W. H. and
Cynthia A. Spigmer, lots 41 and 44. Idora Park
Tract. Oakland; *1O.
Myron T. and Marlon B. Holcomb to Hol
comb Land Company, lot on XE corner of
Twenty-fourth and Webster streets. E 10t> by
N 68. «n. lota 1 and 2. block A. map «ut>
divlslon Webster. Twenty-fourth and Valde*
street property. Oakland; $10.
William M. Butters Jr. (single) to T. A.
white and H. H. Buhrinsr, lot on SE corner
or Prospect avenue and Lake street. E 200.
s 120. W 75, S SO. W 125. N 200. lot* 39 t«.
42. 44 and 45. property of Capital Homestead
Association. Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10. '
Savings and Loan Society to Robert H.
Simons, block 66. Larue's Addition to CUntaa
and San Antonio. East Oakland; $350. -
Robert H. and Rillah L. Simon» to E. B.
and A L. Stone Company, f same. East Oak
land; ?10. '
Alameda County.
"WEDNESDAY. JULY 27.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Committee From Oakland
Exchange to Confer With
Officials of the Company
OUTLINES A COURSE
CAN INHERIT WEALTH
MERCHANTS FaVoE MOVE
§100,000 IS SUBSCEIBED
BOTH LOSE POSITIONS
President E. Harkinson of
Antiocli Is 'to Establish an
Alameda County Branch
Professor Albert A., Stan
ley. Advocates the Teach
ing of It in the College
HEAVY DEFICIT EXISTS
Contractor Barricades New
Building at Haywards to
Compel Payment of Bill
Southern Pacific Company
Will Be Asked to Put on
Ferry-Boat for Owl Trips
Frank Dearborn and Ed
v/ard burdock Pay for
Their 3Iendocino Beport
Mrs. Stephen K. OiKeeffe
Says She Would Eather
Be Widow Than Divorcee
HOLDS SCHOOL
FROM TRUSTEES
MAY RUN ALL
NIGHT SERVICE
DOES NOT NOW
WANT A DECREE
ROBBER STORY
ALL A MYTH
WANTS MUSIC
IN UNIVERSITY
FRUITVALE WILL
HAVE NEW BANK
THE SAN FRANCISCO r ALL; THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
A grain of appetite, will outweigh a
ton of reason.
OAKIiAND, July 27. — Police Judge
Mortimer Smith has returned from a
camDinz trip in the Sierras.
Police Judge Smith Returns.
THROWN -'FROM AUTOMOBILE.— J. D.
Hill of 1116 Sutter street, while riding in an
automobile In the park yesterday afternoon,
was thrown out by a collision with a horse.
HIM was taken to the Park Emergency Hoa
u'tal and la fiufferlnir from an Injured eye.
4
BRAjS'CH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2X48 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BECOMMElTDATIOar
Of our -work will be given by any one of
the many we have successfully treated.
All are well pleased because all are well
served.
OXTA TEETH ON PLATES
Are the highest achievement , of that
branch of v •-"»¦-_¦
- — DENTISTRY
They look well and wear well. Perform
all the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer. -
Full Set on Robber. $0.00..:
Post-Graduate Dental GoHege,
3 TATLOE ST.. SAN rRANCISCO-
973 Washinztoa St. Oakland,
fiia Joiv - • - • • Sacxiaieato.Twin Lakes Bapii-t Assembly.
SANTA CRUZ. Jury 27.— Rev. IV. F.
Taylor of Riverside was the principal
speaker to-day at the Twia Lakes Bap
tist assembly. He led the Bib'e class
this morning and spoke on "Typical
Conversions Recorded ia the Acts of
the Apostles." In the evening h^ lec
tured on "The Conflict Between Japaa
and Russia."
Tells of Increase in Litigation and the
Completion of Back Pro
bate Work.
County Clerk John J. Grelf h*« sub
mitted his annual report to the Mayor.
He says that litlg-ation ia this city and
county is steadHy increasing and that
the business of the Clerk's*
office has almost trebled during the
last few years. In spite of this, says
the report, the office has & force of
but forty-nine clerks, with a messen
ger acting as janitor.- whereas ln.lSS9
the clerical staff numbered eighty
three.
The report also says that the oSce
has succeeded in completing- over
three months cf back probate work
and that the chaotic condition of fil
ings and papers of the old District and
other courts has been remedied.
Through the liberal appropriation
Greif expects his o2ce will be second
to none in the United States.
The receipts of the office for the
fiscal year exceeded the receipts of
last year by the sxna. of $4501 58 and
the receipts for the last six months
have been greater than for any six
months In the history of the office.
Flrefms WiQ Plead GoDty.
REDDLXG, Julr Ti. — Paul Treder
i:k CTiilert. who wal*ce«l into^ the
E-ierinTs oSce and confessed -to Lav-*
In? set ire to the Torry lumber yard.
cauitr^ a loss of 512.06^. in order that
be m:?ht rob a Iwral bank while the
police were at the £re. ¦waived exam
trja.ti#>n to-day asd said that he wocld
5. lea! KTSSty ta the higher court. He
hints c'. pr*vtoT-3 crimes, but will not
gtre any detailed trSoi raatioa regs.rd-
COUNTY CLERK J. J. GREET
SUB3UTS AN"N"UAL REPORT
Ye Olde Eo^lisSi lea,
:«4 llisrrr. rr. B*st trin«a to eat and
drink at Eats 4 J=;*s'. * •:
Saj-s Husbaod Sererely Beat Her
FBESXO. Jcly Z:. — Benjamin
Johnson, a linotype operator,- is under
trrert en a cfcarpe o? s-ererely b«atir^
tLs wtte because she refused to
fair: ncr.»y vitli which to purciiise
l*--^cr. Mrs. Jch^son says that in or
<!*r ts escape from her husband she
mas rc—p.elIM to clisib out of a win
<lo«- ts their room irr the Howard lods
trje-house and sliie do»~n a telegraph
cole to the ground.
The Soutl*ern Pacific Offers Redaced
VACATION AT LAKE TAHOE.
Rate Tirfcets.
T.ti.j=x. i-i=l^c tT'i r^p«r* scea«ry =iai»
Taic* ti« plas* f=r a £=e rasatice. Tie
fcocti^ra PacTifr :» teCii* tickets at Irw rates
w.t*> ¦tT7«.-»«r» frcai two tc ttsety days. Asi
f;r a Txic* f.-ii*r desrritirc tie eccalry aad
f-u: ::f:m«t:c- r-^-ir-lisr ra.tea at €13 3t»r
k»t «tr»«t •
PcHtoffice Laborer Appointed
Martin Higgles was appointed a
costoffice laborer yesterday.
Goes to Jail for Stx Monttts.
5AXTA CP.UZ, Julr 27.— Stephen
Arana. who thre-sr a. piece of wood
through the wlEdow cf a Southern Pa
ci5c car ard injured a wosan paasen
per, was sentenced by Justice Craghill
to-day to six months imprisccmerit In
the County JalL
Days — Sunshine and Warm. Evenings
— Pleasant.
Tb« *brr« l» ti* r»j»irt r«o»tT««i fiar ti* past
w«*i frora pcists a~>>c* tie Ot ? rf arzia Xcrti
westers. PUiI-»r»T. «oci i coptris^ ta ti«
w»»th«r we fci-j* iad S= Sa= Francisco »ad
trjixa-i t5« Say <i-.irt=s ti« same tisra*.
n«c:i» ts Tt- c-nstrr en tMa raad fcr a t»
cartca. T&e w»*tier £s ti:«a »«ni*4 — warsi
ji< ac-i ptexait rr?sicjs.
One t2»ir*» travel cvsr ti* Cilifarai* Xcrti
wrsterc Riilwij" fr3J3 Saa F^izctaca girvs a.
LABOR LEADERS DISAGREE
ON QUESTION" OF UNIONISM
Men Gitra Prrtnt=!=ion to "Work by
Sacransento Trades Council Called
Out by State President.
SACRAMENTO. July 1~. — P. K.
McCarthy, president of the State
Building Trades Cour.ril. has run coun
- ¦ the Sicrsj3.er.t0 Building Trades
CounciL A. G. Johnson begin to
make extensive improvements en his
- ¦ MCjMtteftX prcperry. employing a
cs - contractor, Charles J. ilathews.
aad ur-ion men. Everything went
slor.r smoothly cntil an or>eri shop
piumter sent some men to do certain
«ori on the building. Then the union
- ---rs walked out. The Sacra
mento Building Trades Council took
the ~ ~ sp and consented to allow
the carpesten to return to work on
the ground that Hathews had always
b*e- fair to them. Somefco-iy referred
the case to State President McCarthy,
who came uz> from San Francisco and
called 0* not only the carpenters but
the bricklayers. 'W'ork ¦was stopped
to-day aad Johnson says he will go
ahead Itad c-om-Iete the improvements
=r— :'.*¦. r'".^;a*.-i t; Tt* CaX
NEW YORK. July 27.— The Immense
I r .r.tr realiied in the promotion of the
United States Ste-ei Trust axe shown in
tz action, brought izi the United States
Circsit Cccrt by William H. Van Tjve
agaizst WHlian J. Hiltnds fer a £ art
r.rrshlp vahacstlcz. The action was de
cided to-day ty Judge Ccxe. in a tons
cpfaida "ta ¦ihich he nnds for ths ccn:
1 'a'*n»r .Vccord^ng Co t-ie c^im^'-ii— t
::. February- cf i?:i Van Tyne and Hi- .
linda entered into an agreement ty the .
ttrm* cf which they were to procure <
<-;v.:-s or. large blocks Cimegie
Eteel OOS&KBS stcck. which plant was _
euc^s'ju^ntiy merged into the United
States Steel Company. There was at;
t-hit time a. demar-i izz scattered stock;
of the Carnegie Ccrr.pary and it was '
fr -n in the evidence that J. P. Mor- :
gin hid bcM immense bcooei for the '
6:ock.
Vzn Tyne knew cf large blocks cf
Cirr.e^-.r: Steel st-<k* held ty Pittsbcrg .
persons. With HHaads he agreed to
bay this stcek ar.d divide the promts ,
c* tie 5-i.le between them.
A:ccrii-ig tc the complaint. Ea Feb
ruary. 1501. Van Tyre procured 4lij;
ehir^s of the Camer-e Steet stock;
t»r.;-h H:'ani5 ssM. rcoefviss frcm the
". -r. :;r? «.=.! vendees for hi* services.:
Vs.3 Tyne alleges. J4Si>.l»3 a.nd other
!.2.r?:e nssa. • to cotspSaSaant uakaoflTL" \
.".:;• Ooze sail ;r. iecision:
T-? cirtmmstances c-ut of which the :
c"z:roversy *-rcse tc-:>k pla?e ia the;
1 -- f;-; wfa«o the United States '
EteeJ Corporation was being f ormed. j
¦w-r.e:: transactions cf great magnitude
were being negotiated and fortunes !
were mde daily by those who pos- :
F^<i=^ the audacity to seize the oppor- :
tur.:ty cf the boor.
Both rarties." de-:!ared the eoart.1
¦ taew that it was a time cf u.'nv:-st
cr-precedented speculative activity.
• bes tessense «u=s cut of all prop»ir- '
ticn appmxtotir to services rendered \
•were being raid, and whea millions ¦
ptren ' - - rz ca»de by men who were not
eecspicceci for either industry or abil
ttj. I: :? cot rrobable that at stich
tirr.e a.ny cne was giving away oppor
tBS&5s*it im<t«e»tlc>ped value. That
¦ — r:ainant reni-rred variable services
- - S d«=.ied and that the defendant felt
uaSer --/rations to remunerate him is
a&xitteJ."
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COA.«T
Washington Departments Issoe Or
ders Extending the Rural ,
Delivery Serrice.
WASHINGTON. Jaly 27. — Addi
tional rural service route 4 34 will be
established at Palouse. "Whitman
County, oa September 1, with one car
rier.
Rural carriers appointed: Califor
nia — Pasadena. Charles H. Longfel
low regular, John Scharschmidt sub
stitute; Pomona. George Hart regular.
Edward K. Freeman substitute.
Washington — Spokane Bridgr?. Fran
cis W. Porter regular, Edward J. Por-
ter sabstitute.
Array orders: Leare of absence of
First Lieutenant John A. Paegelow of
the Philippine Scouts Is extended two
months.
The Corn Exchange National Bank
of Chicago and American National
Back of Sac Francisco have been ap
proved as reserve agents for the First
National Bank of Ventura. CaL
The Continental Bank of Chicago
has been approved as reserve agent
for the Commercial National Bank of
Pendleton, Or.
S&tcial Dispatch to Tie CalL
SAN JOSEL July IT.— A colony of Ger- '
tnaa vineyardists is to be broazht to f
Santa Clara. County to settle in the [
eastern foothills of the valley. The 1
promoter of the scheme is Henry S. |
Giliig of London, but an American by j
birth. He proposes to brinz 1>j) j
German viticuiturists here to ensazs in |
the wine business. Giliig was here a |
few months ago and with Ccarles W. ,
Coe went over the land it is propose«1 1
to colonize. It extends all aionz the
foothills from Niies to Gilroy, and con
tains thousand* cf acres that arc
adapted to vise growing. Besides Gii
lig there are a number of German can
italists back of the scheme, and money I
is to be furnished the colonists to start f
La life here. The colonists will be lo- \
cated at the- most fertile spots in the |
hills. Gllllg is now on his way to Ger
many. He has the sanction cf the Ger
man Government to solicit immigra
tion, and expects to have the party of
co!onlst3 here thfs falL
The vineyardists that are comlnz
cave been engaged In vine growing and
wine making for years and are leav
ing the fatherland because of its im
poverished soiL
The syndicate of capitalists back of
the venture will establish a German-
Califomia bank either In this city or
San Francisco to finance the "undertak
ing and conduct a general banking
business. Giilig established the Ameri
can Exchange Bank in London.
The local lodges of Knights ef Pyth
ias assembled last night in the Alham
bra Theater together with their Trfves.
the ladies of the order of Rathbone
Sisters and rnarsy friends, in ail nearly
two thousand persons, for a four-fold
purpose, that cf tendering a reception
to R. F. Bums of Auburn, grand chan
cellor of the domain of California; the
presentation of a diamond set jewel to
Junior Past Grand Chancellor B. V.
Sargent of Salinas; to say fare -arel! to
the supreme representatives from this
State who will leave August 2 to attend
the supreme lodge session in I>juiavl!Ie
and urge them to work for the election
of Judge Church cf Fresno to the sec
ccd highest station In the order, and
to give San Francisco's drill team of
the uniform rank a send off on the eve
of departure for the national eacasp-
Cient, where it will comr^t* for valu
able trophiea.
The grand chancellor and other
grand officers under escort of Com
panies No. 3 and No. *S of the uniform
rank from the Palace Hotel reached the
meeting plac-e and were shown to the
stage, which was occupied by about
thitty of the prominent members cf the
order.
The pragraraise included orchestral
selections, vocal selectiaca by the
Knickerbocker Quartet; welcome by
T. J. Crowley. chairman of the evening;
barytone solo by Charles E. Hay,
•Romance Sans Parofes et Rondo
Elegant;" violin solo, by Miss Belle
Roaenthal: oration by Past Supreme
Representative Judge A. J. Buckles,
who spoke for half an hour on the or
der and the beneficial work it is en
gaged. He was followed by James
Hennessey la monologue; vocal selec
tions by Miss Lillian Walther. then a
short address by the grand chancellor,
w Ijo expressed hLs gratification of see
ing such a large gathering of persons
interested in. PythianLsin and in elo
quent words paid a glowing tribute to
the Knights loyal and their auxiliary,
the Rathbone Sisters. Then there was
more music by the quartet and the
presentation of the jewel to Past Grand
Chancellor Sargent and the meeting
closed with the singing cf the "Star-
Spangted Banner." The affair was ad
mirably conducted under the direction
cf Ed M. Coffer, Charles Milly. Charles
W. Nevin. L Schwartz. C- S. Hoffman.
Captain M. A. Samuels. A. D. Ccrdellia
H. PuralL A. Meyers and E. NoeL
Good Music and Addresses
Interest a Large Audi-
ence at the Alhambra
European Capitalists Will
Firrnisli the Money Xetes
mvx to Carrj" Out Scheme
FINE JEWEL PRESENTED
Haves street when they saw two
blocks ahead a somewhat similar
; vehicle that looked very much ltS«
¦ on* stolen from them several weeks
I ago. In pursnit they whipped up their
steed and were violating the speed
. limit ordinance when a policeman
¦ stopped the horse and arrested them,
! while ine -wagon they desired to tn
spect at close range disappeared
¦¦ around a corner. Judge Fritz fined
• them 52 .>>) apiece.
• • *" •
Policemen Conlan and lleGowan
'¦ were in plain attire and touring the
water Croat saloons in qrrest of a man
suspected of burglary when they ran
afoul of Joseph Reese and. Hu?o
• Canary, ruraiists or. vacation. The
¦ cea from the country first wanted to
• treat and then to fight the detectives,
and a display of their orBcial badges
; by the latter had no intimldatory ef
(f-eer whatever. The four-cornered
; ccmbat did not last very long, and in
i Judge Fritx"s court Mr. Reese and Mr.
: Canary bore unmistakable signs of
> having received the worst of It.
: Canary, the chief offender, was fined
! J3 and Reese was dismissed.
¦ • •
TV. C. Warner, a tall, slender negro.
I and Daniel Webster, several inches
!• shorter of stature and several shades
: lighter of complexion than his fellow
| defendant, pleaded guilty of vagrancy
'• and cast themselves upon the mercy
of Judge Fritz. They intimated, how
' ever, that their deprivation of person
al freedom would visit upon them a
greater aSiction than wa.« merited by
i their offense, to say nothing of the
j. disappointment it would convey to
; quite a number of North End patrons
i of clean vaudeville.
"Be more explicit.*" suggested the
; Judge.
"It's dis yah way. yo* Hoaah," re
! sponded ilr. Warner. "Dis y*uns?
remnic, Mistah Webstah, an" myself
: hab dun ?one an" practiced an" re
! heahsed an. ack dat am suah to naa^e
'¦ us de greatest coon team oa de Amerl
[caa stage, an" we'se gwine to appeah
| nex" week in a show shop up on d*
: coast. Ef yo' send us to ££l all ob
I ouah wufc will hab gone fo" r.othin".
| "kas^ de mariigah won't let tts go on."
ilr. Webster, whose large head had
I bobbed an accompaniment to his com
• panion's explanation, then chimetl in.:
"De ack am like dis, Jedge. yo Hon
i ah: Mistah Wahnah weahs clothes too
. small fo' him an' my costume am
! much too lahge fo* me. We stan' oa
1 de stage an' sing, an' den ilisiah Wah
\ nah asks me some kinondroms. an"
: when I gib de wrong ansah Mistah
Wahnah slaps my face wif a roll ob
papah an* den kicks me in de storn
: aick. which am propahly padded fo'
| de puppus. I do a funny fall, an' den
[try ter git. back at ilistah Wahnah,
¦ but he am always too quick fo* me an*
down I goes again. We jes" keep the
audience screamin' wif merriment."
"An* I might add. yo* Honah." Mr.
¦Warner put En, "dat de ack am strick-
Iy "riginal wff MIstab. Webstah an' my
self. We am advahtised ez 'De Lec
tric Coons." "
"Rather than deprive the amuse
ment loving North Enders of ?uch a
treat as you have so graphically de
scribed." said the Judge, "I would 50
to jail in your stead — or I might even
give myself the extreme punishment
or witnessing your *ack-' Go and re
hearse some more."
"Tanks, Jedge. yo* Honah.** ex
claimed "The Electric Coons' as .if
with one voice.
M. W. Valentine dropped into the
jewelry shop of T. Hirshfeid. on
Montgomery avenue, with the osten
sible purpose of purchasing a watch
and stories differ as to how the J5&
window was' smashed. Mr. Valentine
swears that when he offered S3 for a
timepiece that was ticketed J7 50 he
was suddenly seized and hurled
through the plate glass by Mr. Hirsch
feld. and Mr. Hirschfeld swears with
e<ical emphasis that Mr. Valentine de
liberately smashed the window while
he was enraged because he coald not
buy the watch at his own figure. Judge
Conlan carefully weighed both state
ments then pronounced Mr. Val
entine guilty of malicious mischief.
Passing of sentence postponed till to
day.
Sixteen-year-old I^aura Murray's
father confessed regret that he did
not permit his daughter to wed the
lad of her choice six months ago. for
since then the girl has fallen utterly
from grace. She was before Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of way
wardness and her saucy and deSant
demeanor was not reminiscent of th«
shrinking little maiden who wept
while her sire was appealing to the
same court to restrain her from be
coming a bride.
"It would have been better — and I
think I said so at the time — if you had
allowed the girl to wed the young fel
low who wanted to make her his
wife." said the Judge to Mr. Murray.
Then she was consigned to an asylum
for incorrigible young women.
As a r*rr V pT * trrmnt Carl 3 S-?lori walketl
into Police Jucise Cor.lan"s courtroom
yesterday morning, and as a defendant
he was escorted out of it- Ke "litered
with haughty En.*en and departed -fith
crtiifcid spirit.
Flrxnefcco yis.g'Sio was the person
T.-fco had been arrested on ccmplaint
of Senor Erfcrf. and the charge was
threatening to slay. Ths testimony:
showed that Sencr Selori. after quar- i
rt-Iing with his wife, went to the resi
dence of S-'nora llary Casearanex. at
11" Vailejo street, ia Quest of solace, and
there found Scoor Maggio being enter
tained by the lady. Instead of awaken
ing the condolence he had anticipated.
S^ncr Sslori's recital of his connubial
infelicities provoked only unsympathetic
remarks from Sencra. Cascaranex and
Senor Maggie, and then Senor Selori
worth and began to smash fur
niture and bric-a-brac. His ejectment
by Sencr llairgicnsras prompt and un
a'ded. the chatelaine with the surname
reminiscent cf a popular patent medi
cine merely remarking that she intend
ed to institute legal proceedings to re
cover the cash equivalent at her shai
tered household geo>±s- It was probably
with a view to forestalling the lady in
the law's enlistment, and thu* weaken
ing her claim for damages, that Senor
Selori sorstit a policeman and com
plained tha.t hi* life had been menace J
by Senor Maggio. At acy rate that
was the Qsfct En which Judge Conlsn
saw the arrest, for he dismissed tit
charge against Senor Maggio and or
dered the issuance of a warrant for
S>nor S^lorL
•The complainant in this case." said
his Honor, "had no justiciable ground
whatever uj^n. "»"h:ch. to base his com
plaint, and the testimony shows that
he was the aggressor throughout. I
will sign a warrant accusing him of
disturbing the t^act?."
That was bow Senor Selori became a
d-fendant- He was taken In custody
by the l-ailin*. and te-day he will be
tried.
¦ ¦ ¦
Clement Shoenberg/s wife and Arnold
L»rvan's wife, both residing on Xatcma
street, between Fourth and Fifth,
bickered and quarreled until their re
spective neighbors were drawn into the
trouble and fotxght each other with
fists. Peace-loving- neighbors biew po
lice whistles and the two policemen
who responded made out a clear case
aeainst Mr. Shoenberg and Mr. Levan.
Judge Fritz, however, found extenuat
ing circumstances, for he fined the de
fendants only St 5<? apiece and advised
them to let their better halves finish
without reinforcements any future
"scraps"' in. which they may engage as
opponents.
Miss Hazel Hernandez confssed to
Judge Conlan that her husband. Georgs
Raymond, had some provocation for his
disorderly conduct Last Friday night
in their apartment in a Keamy street
Iodginc-house- While "doing her turn"'
that evening en the stage cf a North
End vaudeville theater she recognized
in the aud:en-:e a gentleman whom she
had fcnesm long before she married
George, a.r.1 when he caught her eye it
winked at him. After the performance
ehe found him awaiting her at the
stage door, and she allowed him to es
cort her home, as she desired to talk
over old times. G-ecrge witnessed both
the wink and the meeting, but she did
net realize he was angry until he en
tered the rocm about two minutes after
her arrival th'rre and began to upbraid
her. She "sassed back." of course, for
¦xhat other wesson than her tongue
has a woman to defend herself with.
unless it be her hatpins? Although she
had a hat pin in each hand when the
police, summoned by her screams, burst
open the door, she really did not intend
to puncture George, but merely tried
to frighten him. At any rate. George
should not have smashed the mirror
and torn up the photographs that em
bellished it. By that act of vandalism
he exposed a mean disposition, and she
did not care very much what the Judge
did with him.
To the apparent surprise of iliss
Hernandez both she and George were
pronounced guilty of peace disturb
ance and ordered to appear to-day for
sentence. As the yoan^ woman "was
departing from the courtroom she was
halted by Clerk "Jack" Rice, an ar
dent admirer of stage art. who asked
her if she considered herself as clever
a performer as 2Iaud Amber. Hiss
Hernandez mused a moment ere re
plying that if she possessed the op
portunities afforded Miss Amber she
would make that lady look like seven
cents at a bargain sale.
Jnd^e Corlan held Ausrrst Geber.
slayer of the rsro Chapnxan boys, to
answer both charges cf murder. Ball
was not sujcgested by his counsel.
Clifford W. Anderson, a IT -year-old
lad. was the only witness whose testi
mony had not be*n beard before.
"J, fter the shooting I follo'ared Oeb^r." 1
said Master Anderses. "x:ntil he
looked at me and beyan monkeying
rrfth his grin, and then I sent cold feet
and ducked. Next time I *z.vr him
the cop was soakin? him on the koko
with his revolver.**
In rer-ianding 1 the defendant. wtio
•boxed no perturbation, the Jwlg»
said .that the shooting of the boys
deliberate and cold-blooded assassina
tion and it xras providential that the
whole Hartcian' family -eras not
slaughtered by Geber.
llax Vls« and Flyman Ga!<2ste£n.
partners In a vegetable peddling- ven
tore, xr»r« drivtegr their waaron oa
PROMOTERS IX COURT
Broker Files Action to Re
cover Interest in Half
Million Dollar Commission
LOCATION IS SELECTED
German Colonists to Settle
in the Eastern Foothills
of Santa Clara Yallev
Suit Eeveals Methods by I
AYliick Wealth Was }Iade
Unt of Uiiited States Steel;
Police Judge Conlan Radically Aiters the
Position Before His Court Previously Held!
by Senor Carlo Selori of North End
Assemblage of Pythians and
Fri d< Welcome
the state Gi'and Officers
VENDORS WAX
RICH ON SALES
V1NEYARD1STS
COMING HERE
ENTERS AS AN ACCUSER
EXIT AS A DEFENDANT
KNIGHTS GREET
THEIR LEADER
THE SAX FRANCISCO CXLL, THURSDAY, JULY 2S. 190*.
5
A Pretty Black and White— "MAMMA AND HER LITTLE PETS"— Next Sunday's Call;
M^j* APVEPrrist3iEyTS.
PtftttJagy tfffcffat* CeaOaf t» scalp. Stayi ttrtiot te«A3t!y.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
TW QgWgCU. nw «/ t^at -idPa tbe Dwndrwlf O«m."
GOING- f GOING* S • GONE ! ! I
bwok m an a. iuhlje ni un a. J : tm u:i n> ¦arcat.
It ts de i^rr ct *cs- ••.-.*» te 5«xs asd <ara tae rsS a;^«n. (eOoved by fcc&er scalp aad faSfif
taatSy't vearts* *:;«.-? tot *%es lac mMtzni bar.. Nrvtra's H«T7(CUe kSOs a* r*nn aai
ca»rrteg ca tstty* crz •-. wean Caj^ti. it corrs mrry »uz« e< Cus Asea-se except c&roeic
tacvs (kat **e "itart ta r -•" was c*z' rziti. t*\ir.t%s. Xarntoci ressils feCow tt> me. Aa
Every wtte rJ-?cU be ~sca,°p lssscc*ar~ w t=e ex^oisae i*h- iressisa;.
Aygx^CATiuss A?*rsoax utar p«^^-rrtt sxops.
AD\~ERTT5E3LE.N-rS. |
STATEMENT
COXDITIOX AXT> AFFAIRS
NEW ENGLAND MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IX TEE STATE CF UA5-
saefcasett*. ca tt« Slas £»y eg Ewotci^r. t
A. O. I>/^ aad tar tie year *=tfc=« -ia tiat }
•2*7; ozade r_ U» Issuraaec Cims trijrer aC
:!»» Stat* cf Catiforala. paniuat W t2* r*-
,..--.-----•* «; Sccdaa -.. ; oC "-=* i- . . .- ..-a. : -•.-
ct «a;<l sta:<L
ASSETS.
Xet ¦n^is of Real Eata:» O*s*«J
by tt- Cotapajir ti*«.*»2 !»>
AiEicc^t ol Ixaa* s««rar«ii ty
Bczti *-i U^R£i<e ca P. -a.
Esti-e lft.0S3i.Tt3 CO
Asuunc cf Lcaii »*car»»i ty
pt<*dse a* Bcciia. =coct» as«i
; eUs«r Eiari-titie aecantlea as
irat:at*ral X^"2X*fc> 08
PrusMnai cct«9 msd : :j=» Us any
fora ciitea ia fayrs^zz c! prea-
r. — 4 cb policies cow ia fere? I>" -IC- 25
• '!:.- — i-i-r ¦- i ' ;¦» cf a; ;;:• a
a=<4 &:aia sw»i fcy 1S1* C^id-
t«=r •• w. :;: ¦•/ '
Ai=otiii» of Cull <£»;c3f:-il 13
R.T7V» 4-3.!lT45i
Irtensai i^e ttt Ccszsary *;¦ i
uagmid tccaj
Isterwt accrued bat act •itie..-.- !:•; -5.1 S3 |
N*t i-: 1 .:: cf cr*:sis=is ia ;n-
c«ss cf coii-crija as! c" iia-
ftrr«i pre=3i=» ..C G4.IC3 73 }
Ljo«=3 csacie L> cc*Jcy tellers aa
CarapaEjr's pcLu^w. aaiz=«i u
cotlaieral ... .. ........... Z.363,779 12 f
P.*=ta OsHNaad a^cra*i 13.$*M Si [
Tct*i Assets 8g.T34.gtO ZT, \
ISAZTLTZIZS. ~
~'..-.. = i frr d-ati leases i=i — a-
e=do-»=ff=.ts. d=e aad a>
Bail - «=£&»*>€«
Ci't -" r <J*ai!i lasses a=d csa-
-.;.-»: *B<!cw=«its is croees* cf
i i r- J -=.*-- -. cr 1 i;-i r:»i bst : : •-
- fee 12*J,S1«C«:
Oaim* resisted fcy tie Cftajajsy.. S.S0O W [
Net rr»*?3t »al3« eT aa tt# cct-
•ta=iisj pclicles, eozs^u'etl te-
ccriias t > tie Ccsiinieil Ex-
pf;t«.K:g Tatlss cf Xsrtality.
wim 4 par cot interest Sl,3O,iSJ fl
Aracsst cf aU -assail «rrii*=da
to pc^cy Iw^ers Ei«T 32
Pr«e=t value cf s^saii a=cti=tj
cs =atsr-d »2staH=«« >:ticle» 5**.*T-> 1« t
Aiv^cilMfr LiiStita-a *S.ft3si|
Tccal T.taWTtr!es S32.Si9.4M 71
Casi r*cetT*S f» srestisrta ea
=#w policies darts* tba y»*r.. t-»3.I33 7i
Cisii rreeirvl fcr resewai m£
yr»=ii=is <Mrts« ti* year .... 4.3£554 n \
CaaS reertTed for fciterest 1^5^103-2;
Casa rec*rre-I for reata 1S4.SC3 « (
Caaa «c«£ts«1 frcia aa cti«r ,
«cur=«s -- 8.71S37!
Total I=cs=« W.t3aLSC9~M i
EXFSNT>mTRI*3. "
Caja paid Car leases aad eatsrsd
es^wssesta $*£.47?.!39 73
Casa paid far semtaJeTifd policies 43S.»U C
Caaa rail for diTtdsais to pclicy
&cUers M3.1C7 li
Cccisiisstoea said to it;::i ST^iSS J4
Salaries aai otisr ccsj.^1 1 %t"an
cf cfScsrs *=d esisioyes. ex^pt
j?'=-j aa«J taedlcal exaisl-iers. 17^121 C j
Salarl** ac«l trmTsiis* ex^sses
rf casM«j rf a^ad!» CS.7S3 7T> *
II -i : :»; «i = ::«ri' fees »:1 sal>
artes .... 57.371 53 I
Casa paM ttr tax-» 1S.043 12 I
Caaa caM far rests 50. SIS 39 f
Cash paid far cs=»tiax cesa-
=lssis=s larUT?}
All otaer easa payiseszs 138. 432 73 i
Tstal Exjealltsres *srtsx ti*
year M.751.SC3 39
PRSaXTCM XOTE ACCOCXT.
Pr«si3=t EoCe» *si ctber
IC'Zitzzn. c:':j*t:-:cs at
t^rtr-^g cf ti< year.$2*3.C30 XX
Py.-.j-rpT cctes asd «ti<er
jr«=:u=i crL^a:: ;rj rc-
e«tv-i *iris« lie y«ar. I7.C22 CZ
Tctal CtACKTl!
. ¦
D«*3ctfsKS darlic ti«
year *» fol*air»:
Arsocst e£ sate* asd
i otier prenrftrsj ecllxa-
tless caed ta pay=e=t
! cf losses asd eiaisss... C2.S3 73 {
Asaccnt cf ca»» aid
ct&er presiiga cbiUa-
tiens !=**£ to ptir:ia*»
¦ cf strrresdered pcliciea. S.S71 57
ASJcnat cf notes aad
' ctier pre=t=» efcfisa-
ti«jca issed la pay=est
; cf *Tld«=ds ta pclSry
' Itddet* » 8** 90
ABocst cf ECtes aad
e -i-r pr«=^:= cfclija-
tiacs Tcided ty Ia5»«
ef petfcSw *»*!* "3
Aiscnat cf cctea tz.i
! ct'zer grerrrfrgn cfciija—
ticca red^!=Md ty
r^-^.r ta casa I3.C06 4T
Totalredaettsa eJ
cssiat v U3.3& 42
Batasc* csts asccta
at ead cf tie year.. . S1X.O 3S
BHXJ. F. ST5TVEX3. Prtsideail
S. F- TRCTXk. Secretary.
ScSscrCed «=d r»sra ta befsr« =s» tii» 17ti
day cT Feimary. 1304.
JACOB A. BARBSTT, Xstary P-iiia.
henry~kT field
GIJS3AL AGE2TT.
im.TJi BCTiursro, sajt tsas Cisco, j
¦ — ; •
SJ&^&zM MEHWDWOMEH.
C» Br« « fa? «aa»r^r»i
jBf »wit»« W trrttattaaa or s!c*r«tt3U
ffVf «<» » Krt«»r^ *• of ausii wai-u«i
<% fi.o* tear*. Palalia. *ai sat Mtrta-
1 PSat;<ninaSg»!eaO. c*&* «* »"*?"*"'.¦.
fWft r. a. *v !KP « ? • < * lt *> " jUia »^»»?^-
V^SltolJiygTl r;.». •.- s totu« c:v
WEEKLY r^T.T^ PEB YEAS, j
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
A- *^^ -*\ . * " --^- -"--. ~n-r* - ,
I f VVTi I I ¦'s 3 ***!. H*ir». Ssjtrz.tr
\ * \»«««li / "" A*aa4»— 13 ». - ;.y
P-»rr T:wz*»a4. i*»«tiie. Tiwssa E»«r-c-
E*:^=^*ia=— 11 ¦. B3.. J = ry •>. •» £
far AUika a=i G. X- Ey.: »i Swtr:* cr Ta-
i «=a Ls X. P. Ry. ; »r V*=cc*r*«r t^ C P Rr
r- a.. Jafr 2TT. -*as- 2. Ccr:sa. 1:3)1 o.
F>r Li:» .*=?-;» f-rvi Pirt Los Art«:-» *xi
; 5«a H -->* SiistUja, ) ». s.
' **-»:¦? of C*iTarat». T!rir»«iaT«. » » -<
I ?oa P*l.-c). Ststa Earsan. 5^2^ Crzx. 3£ts-
I t*r*r. Saa ?i=#c=. C»r»rc*. P-irt Rariir2 i=**3
1 . i Ctis?c>. Ventsra ms-i Htj^=-r=«
Bceita. » a. is.. JsI T I*. M. Aa«. X
*^k« nay- » a. ta.. Jti't S3. As- 7.
Fvir E=3^=a4a. Mic ia>r» Ear. S*n J-»» -fej
; Cafco. Va»a*:arT. AJ-ata. t^ Paa. Sa=?a R»-
aSA. «>iaT3u*3 «M-g».>. IO m. as . r:h ««-^ n?«».
ALA5SA E3CCTTR5IOX5. Seascs UM
Til- paFaiia! •i.-irrtcr. -»-^».-rT*.ir. >*rc*''-»e w.'i
i i*XT» Tacc^u. 5«att> a=d TJrtata A-jfc i
For rsrt-Vr i=rcmi:aia ctata fcil-r. R;«5t
h rrriTt--: j . st * a=^^ •*¦ *»«*=« *»?«-
, TI CIXT OrnCIS — <¦ Xe-w MontJTMa-
err rt. »Paia<-- !?«¦»?¦«{«. !'"» Jfa-t« *^. sad Ercai-
' way wtarr*a. Fr«l?iS O£e«. :•> iTarii?i »t.
j , _ _
Pljxioati — C5terbc-rr»'— Sc^tianiptca.
Fr-s Nnr T-T* 5ar^rla-r'» i: ) *$ i. a
Sr_ Pa^l As*. *St. Loni? As*. r>
; Ptiia-i«:ptta ..auc- LrN-»* T?r'* Aij. ST
ATX*&2TTXC TXJLSrSPOST XLZ3TE.
Srr Tcri — X>c=dca PSw.t
rXtaMbsks;. JU» «. acca
; 34i=3*a?:l^» A=5. IX T a. s.
! M«ata A-zg. 3> 9 a. -=.
' \a=-*jsxa Asx- z:. ija> i =.
| poamnosj^rjx.
Ti-winT«p AOff CDcT=i=ica A3J. S>
! Krnsyoa a~ II Tjactnntr \.z ZZ
yQT.T.<Tn.AMT«Trji IJ2rE-
* Xiw Tcr* — 2-~r.*T±*—,, Via Bcalsysa.
Sa**;-g T=*S'i»r» at I* a. s.
[ Rjttg&ra A^s. Z 5ta:r>ias5 A-i*. Zl
Ry=daa ...... Azs. » Psrsdaa Aaf. 3*
N;:riin . ...As*-. 1Z Rarrsrian ...Jg^rt. C
SE) STAB U3TE.
2f r» Tcr* — Aat««.^ I^aadca — Paris.
dtHizjf a: I>rr»r fcr I>raii;3 »af Part*.
Frr?r= Xr» Tar* Sam-Says at H*J a. a.
i Krccr-'a-rf .A3f. *' rj3"a3.-l Ar:«. 39
i Z«l*2i Aij. li ViisrUaJ Aa«. ZZ
W3I7E STAS I^3TE.
3T«w Tori— Qsc«&sta-n — I>trcr9oeX.
5at:i=jf *S>I^«3iiay».
T«r:t5d«.A3«-. 3. 1<> aas' StiJ^szir-Ai*-. XT I»a=5
Celtic i^2, bock O<irte..A3s: 1» =cca
TtatTicAsg. IO. 4 CCTtie.Aij. 2*J 5 ;ra
Bc«tca— CsacsxttnEra— Lirow L
i E*7=ti;s f=«»> A^jr. li. 5*yt. ». Oct. «
f Cy=n-= A3X. 1*. S«5t. 13. Cct. 13
Crecic Air. S. S*p-_ Oct. ZO
srarw hkkwiuj: txoix bostos.
P*jrt Twta-Scrw S^aaster*
Of 11.4OO to 13 CCO Tax.
Mt:piTi:KT»A?rr.%3r. tus. azoxxs.
OTRBAT.TAS, SrATZOS. GE^OA.
RO3IAX1C Ssjt IT. Oer. t» r>c ?
CAXOPIC Cct. ». Ktt. i»
First CIa^». SO c^-a-art. J»;«Trf;=^r ia ia:*.
C I>. TATLOR. Pa»si»=«?r Asest PaciSc Crajr,
S P»t «t.. Sa= 5*rx=irl3co-
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA
'ORIENT AT. STTEAHSSI? CO.»
Steaiscrs wC I«*t» Gr?*a-»-;cS-«tr^«t wi*rf
f fP!«r N?. ZZ • *t 1 ; =-. frr TCKCH-OIA «sd
[ EOXGKONG. <!»r!isy at Ksfrs fExfst. Nto-
I • i<i a = i S^asz^x! « .- 1 :- -.;•::. -* *.-. ~.:zz-
\ kss« wttii ttsasaer« tzr Xsdl*. <nr. X» carso
r«e*tT*a ca besri ea day oC lams
s. s. .ocsniiCA JtARr
=.Jfc=a«£ay. a ;?--?-. «. 1**M
VI* Has*!!!! Rjcai-trt? tici«r» a: rrf-j-»-3
rates. For freixStt and 7 i-:<u* arrly *t Ccss-
5«=X*« c£2c». 42? ifartet ii.»»t. ccisgr Ttrti.
"W. H- AVSTRT. GwfnV- -*X>a*-
ftamburg-Stmerican.
S«=i-"W««lly Twh Scrrv Serrtea
' FOS Pt-TXOCTH. CHKKBCUHG. EAlC3trR!?
* »tMiItk9 ~Trfy W »Patr*<rU. A3*. Vt
1 Baifirta Jaly 3» Ha=irirT A3*. 1»
t "t>ntsciU2i. . . A-JJT- ? P?ti-«=i<rta ....Asc *T>
i TP*=sytTa=ia_ .Asx. • "tSaeeSrr ait 3
•?**• rr:".: t'juiu assi * ; r -.1 • .— ea ti— .'1.
V-VU1 can a£ Dotet far T^cr.fja aa.2 Part*.
S. 3 Scaarra. f:r Ecac^^a. 5i=:i. Arc
ta=<l aad Syisf y. Ttsr*iay. J^y S. I P. Jt
I S.S. ALAit*£I>A. Sac E^eofciM. A=«. «. U JLM.
S. S. SfAHIPCSA. Jar TaiK. a:-'* ». 11 A.5t.
DISXCT UX3 TO H-VVRS-PAR3-
= !_-.=* *v--r Tinrsctay i=steaj -r -JTPm
Sa-irtay. a: 10 a. ta.. trrsi P>r «i, *^«"*-
Nsrtik Rixer. fcet oS M:rt=a st.
F*r»t class ta E»it«. *T<> a=J S5"»*£i 5erc=i
cjf3 13 EaTT». *i5 a=J 3y»ari OiS£E.i^
AGSXCT FOR CXTTTD STATED ASD C\X-
«E\ 33 Brsai'way •E-siaca !?iI-2i3KJ. X*-»
Ti — i. j. F FTGAZI * CO.. PaciSr CcasS
Aj5-=ts. 5 M^=t^c=err aT-=c^. 5*a rraaetsetx
j Ticket* kU br all Rai*r3a<l T".ci*-: Ajc^si»-
To U. S. irmrr Tarf «ad ?»U«lo.
«tsr H. •!- C3TKTX3 — L«it«» S- F™ f^ct rf
1 day »L scrti «»1 t«ry feliis.— W^si day*.
I 9^9 A. M-- » a»i *4 P- M.; Ssalaj*. » J»
: _. yt * P. SI. LeaT* TiHeic — W*»* &*/*
I SK A. It, I2-» «3«i 3*^» P- M-: SajptiTfc 5
f P M- Far-. Se easi way- Eik-Toj rare*
' -=i=lari t» VaII*J«x G2aa Ctox* a»S St»r^a<-i-
! -Me racaJ tr-.jc PIPER. ATEX. GOODAU.
I CX>^. pics* lUa til. fJ*wit7 ncsptai.
To IT. S. SaTy Tard «si VaUtjo.
Srstrs. G«r*Tal FriAt*. ilca^celto aad Arrow.
? 9:45 a- =.. KJXf. 2.X*. «. *J» 5u =- • 4J **^» :
*its.ia*» »:** a. m~ *:3l> =»- !*•»» Talleja
' L » t.B, 12iS*. i:l» *?»'«• Saa->i 5=*-
*¦ da?* T a- S»~ 4:11 9- «=- P>r — izcz Mf: *-
; r.csV.r»*t; r^*=^ MJ^ H-\TCII BRCS.
[Weak Men and Women
Seocxd trss dajcaxa Bi-rrsz.- tks
Grvat ir-xitaa R«iw«tfyr »;¦»»* J!"L a yi* .* rJ '-
, «tr»=sta ta *ex=a* cr^a=* T<esict. — • iL»r4«—
._. ADV'ERTISEMEyTS- *
Weathered oak
dining chairs, $2.15-
Strictly modern in both design and finish. Wood
seat chairs with brace arras and strong spindles. The
price is simply another demonstration of our ability
to give more than the ordinary money's worth.
Dozens of people have signified their intention of
duplicating our "Craftsman" room, which is one of
the furnished exhibition rooms on the third floor. Its
heavily beamed ceiling, quaint fireplace and massive
furniture pieces, all of which are "fumed" oak from
the United Crafts, never fail to captivate the lover of
simplicity in home furnishings. Don't think of build-
ing a home without first seeing this room and those
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St;. at Union Square
APVERTLgESIENTS. ¦--.-
Old J. H. Cutter Whisky
ea We are the sole owners and proprietors
y_ of this celebrated brand, and here
g" # 2>ser:, in the strongest language pos-
pl J. H. CUTTER WHISKY
Rye or Bourbon— in barrels :: :.:5es,
&fe*^Jra is all whisky, -ir.d whisky, coo, of the
P^-iiv::^ highest grade known.
The best afloat or ashors
j|*x2jc^sca|j \- will here-frer be supplied "he trade
I &Sm I under the KENTUCKY INSPECTION
8J|lpi&i] in all its purity, flavor 2nd mellowness,
|ll|||i§-jj just as^ 1: lei'ves its "Old Kentucky
S^TTnggj C. ?. MOORMAN" & COMPANY,
Louisville, Kentucky.
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD
Dtstritaurs— 212-214 MarKct St, S. F, aad 216 H. Msia Si,Li.
HARRY G. HOWELL, Special Representative.Thieves and officers of the law fought a pitched battle
the other night in Oakland : and the marauders were
driven/from the scene of prospective plunder in disorder.
The incident is an exceptional instance of the foolhardi
ness of evil doers, most of whom have good reason to
know that Oakland is one of the unhealthicst towns in
the United States for them in which to attempt to ply
their -trade.
The gentle art of pursuing and punishing bribers and
corrupters of public morals is being practiced with con
summate skill and commendable energy in St. Louis.
Several offenders have recently been brought to book
and officialdom in the exposition city is agitated by a
serious prospect of exposures yet to come. Let the good
work go on. It is highly purifying to Si. Louis and by
some freak of good fortune may be admonitory to us.
TO MANILA— Reader, City. During
the Spanish- American war of 1898 in
order to send a message from San
Francisco by telegraph to Manila, P.
I., it had to go by the following route:
San Francisco to New York by land;
to Valentla. Ireland, by cable: to
Brighton, Eng., cable and land; to
Havre. France, cable; to Marseilles, by
land; to Alexandria, Egypt, by cable;
to Suez. Egypt, by land; to Aden,
Arabia, by cable; to Bombay. India, by
cable: to Madras by land: to Sing
apore, by cable; to Saigon, Cochin.
China, by cable, to Hongkong by
cable; .to Bollano, P. I., by cable; to
Manila, Island of Luzon, by land, mak
ing a wire distance of 17.000 miles. '
THERE is a general advance in values in California
counties as estimated by the county Assessors.
While all the returns arc not. in enough are avail
able for the year 1904 to show the growing prosperity of
the State. When all the Assessors' returns are in hand
they will make a collective showing that could be used
with advantage outside of California to inform inquirers'
concerning actual conditions. In the mountain and val
ley counties alike the Assessors find that there is more
taxable property than there was a year ago.
? In Siskiyou County, for instance, there is an advance in
the assessment roll of $1,150,000 as compared with the
roll for 1903. The increase in the total for Marin County
is $1,073,050, making a total of $13,004,435. The value of
Alameda County's property of all kinds is placed for as
sessment purposes at $108,240,403; Oakland is assessed
for $52,494,981; Berkeley' for $12,308,486; Alameda for
$12,232,700. The increase!in the total assessed value of
Alameda County is $3,884,600, and to . this should be
added at least $2,000,000 more ta represent the amount
4cd.uctcd from the Contra Costa Water" Company's' as-
GROWTH OF VALUES.
The Health Board has risen to the dignity of a great
occasion and has resisted most emphatically any inter
ference proposed by the Board of Supervisors as a rem
edy to" various and picturesque violations of the civil
service law. The seriousness with which our different
municipal departments discuss the farce comedy of local
civil service has ceased to be even a joke. An hour of
candid discussion 'would show that civil service has been
dead long enough to deserve decent burial.
"Animals have keen perceptions —
keener in many respects than our own
— but they form no conceptions, have
no powers of comparing one thing
with another. They live entirely in
and through their senses. To all
that inner world of reflection, imagin
ation, comparison, reason, they an»
strangers. They never return upon
themselves in thought They have
sense memory, sense intelligence,
and they profit in many ways by ex
perience^but they have not soul mem
ory or rational intelligence. All the
fundamental emotions and appetites
men and the lower animals share in
common, such as fear, anger, love
hunger, jealousy, cunning, pride, curi
osity, play; but the world of thought
and thought experience, and the emo
tions that go with it, belongs to man
alone.
"It is as if the psychic world were
divided into two planes, one above
the other — the plane of sense and the
plane of spirit. In the plane of sense
live the lower animals, only now and
then just breaking for a moment into
the higher plane. In the world of
sense man is immersed also; this Is
his start and foundation; but he rises
iiito the plane of spirit and here lives
In Harper's Magazine for August
John Burroughs effectually disposes
of the idea that any of the lower
animals is capable of thought. After
recounting many interesting tests, he
says:
Do Beasts Think?
MARRIED NAME— A Subscriber,
City. If you married a man, who from
the age of twelve years was known to
all as Smith, but whose real name
was Fay, and he is now dead and the
limit of widowhood having passed, you
wish to marry again you will have to
give the name of Smith. The marriage
according to the statement in the letter
of inquiry, was a legal one. You mar
ried the man, not the name, but In
marrying him you assumed the name
by which he was known. You cannot
be known by your maiden name
again, legally, unless, by a court, you
are authorized to take such name.
The Board of Supervisors has under consideration a
measure designed to correct one of the most annoying
evils tbflt attend streetcar traffic in this city. It -is in
tended to force the railroad companies to post on their
cars notices telling specifically on which side of every
street cars must stop; and any violation of the pro
posed written regulation will be regarded as a misde
meanor. Such a law would be accepted by citizens as a
miracle of good sense and common courtesy.
SIEGE— Reader, Santa Crua.* Cal.
In war a siege Is the setting «f an
army around or before a fortified place
for the purpose of compelling the gar
rison to surrender; It Is also surround
ing or investing of a place by an army
and approaching it by passages and
advance works which cover the be
siegers from the enemy's fire. Henc«
a continued attempt to gain posses
sion of a place Is a siege. It is proper
to class the attempt of the Japanese
to gain possession of Port Arthur a
siege. . •
WESTWARD THE COURSE—Sub
scriber. City. In the poem, "On the
Prospect of Planting Art and Learning
in America." written by Bishop Ber
keley, an English philosopher^ in the
first half of the eighteenth century. Is
the line:
"Westward the course of empire
takes its way." ,
George Bancroft's epigraph to Ban
croft's History of the United States has
it: ¦
"Westward the star of empira takes
Its way."
INDIAN CLAIM— Subscriber. Shar
on, Cal. A person having a claim for
services as Indian agent a long time
ago. should present such claim to .the
Congressman of the district In which
he lives, or send the same to the Board
of Indian Commissioners, Washington,
D. C. Either will advise as to whether
the claim is of any value.
MISSOURI SCHOOL OF MINES—
H. U., Dedrick, Trinity County, Cal.
The name of "Missouri School of
Mines" does not appear In the list
of universities, colleges, schools, etc.
In the United States.
THE LAUNCHING— A. C. R., City.
The armored cruiser South Dakota will
be launched at high tide, July 21/ from
the Union Iron Works, San Francisco.
Anszvers to Queries.
"Here at Taikang the man Who has
got the postofflce has begun well. Har
ry was In his shop when the first cus
tomer came for a stamp. It took him
nearly five minutes to find the key and
get the stamp box open, and when he
gave it to the man he said In a very
decided way: 'Now lick it and put it
Just there.' The customer was foolish
(or wise) enough to do so, and now a
custom has been established In Taikang
that all purchasers of stamps must lick
them and stick them on. There was a
great row at the Kaifeng postoffice one
day because an address on a letter
could not be found and the letter waa
brought back.
"The sender wanted his money back
because the letter had not been deliv
ered, but the clerks refused to give it
to him, contending that they had had
more trouble over it than if it had been
delivered. Another man was deter
mined to get the postofflce clerks Into
trouble because he had sent a letter
some time ago and received no answer.
This was clear proof, he said, that the
letter had never been sent. The service
here is somewhat irregular yet."—Lon
don Daily News.
"We have got the Chinese Imperial
post here now. At Kaifeng when they
first got it the postoffice clerks had a
fight with some men who bought
stamps and wanted the clerks to lick
them and put them on the letters for
them. They said the clerks were there
to lick the stamps and paid for the
business, and they wouldn't lick them.
But the clerks wouldn't agree to lick
them, so they came to blows, and the
police had to come in and separate
them.
A lady of the China Inland Mission
at Taikang. In the central province of
Honan. in a letter to her family has
some amusing things to tell about the
establishment jof the Chinese imperial
post in the province, .which is some
weeks' journey from-ahe coast. She
says:
The Imperial Chinese Post.
THE Interstate Commerce Commission has prepared
and distributed an abstract of its forthcoming six
teenth statistical report upon railroad construction,
capitalization and operation in the United' States for the
year ending June 30, 1903. Even culled as it is from a
volume which will comprise 700 pages of summarized
analysis, this abstract of the commission's report con
tains data of the highest significance to close students of
finance and the growth of industries.
A remarkable increase in the extent of mileage and the
capitalization of railroad property, seems to characterize
the growth of railroad interests during the year 1903.
According to the report of the commission no year since
1890 has witnessed the extension of the steel lines into
new fields such as has been made during the last fiscal
year. The total single track railroad mileage for the
year of the report was 207,977.22 miles, an increase of
55O5-37 miles over the new construction of the previous
year. Of the total number of track miles operated by
the 2078 railroad corporations noted in the report, 1185
only were conducted under receiverships.
The par value of railroad capital outstanding at the
time of their investigations the committee found to be
$12,599,990,258, which represents a capitalization of
$63,186 per mile for all railroads in the country. Of the
dividend, paying stock the total accretion of gain for
the year is represented by $196,728,176, an increase of
$n>337>52i. This advance in the producing power of
railroad stocks represents an increase in the net earn
ings of $33J76,535 over those of 1902. A convincing
gauge of railroad prosperity is this.
But with all this marked heaping up of values, exten
sion of systems and garnering of high returns, the grim
roster of death that overshadows this giant industry in
its workings continues to grow .apace. For every added
dollar, for every new mile of track, it would seem that
human weakness and fated decree combine to bloody the
rails that yield this ever increasing increment of wealth.
For the year of the commission's report 9840 killed and
76,553 injured, represent the dole paid to death. Of those
killed or maimed near a half were the employes of the
railroads themselves — one in every 364 was killed and
one in every 22 injured.
A record such as that adds confirmation to the fact
that this, of all our great industries, is the most prodigal
of human /life. Yet of all the country's activities none
show a greater prosperity or occupy a stronger place in
the list of the absolute necessities of modern life. Must
it ever be that for this commodity we must pay an an
nual tribute in human life? Let the railroads take coun
sel how they may divert some of the gains that pour
into their coffers to the purpose of safeguards, both hu
man and mechanical, against th^dangers threatening
those whom they serve.
PROSPERITY OF THE RAILROADS.
The Hindoo Prince who has been at great pains to
prove his royal lineage to the good people of Oakland
must remain with us six nfonths longer as a prisoner in
the Alameda County Jail, held in penalty for the un
romantic and unprofitable offense of petty larceny. Our
friendly feeling for persons princely has no effect upon
cur justice, which is blind to Prince and pauper alike.
Our only treasures that Princes may steal from us with
out prosecution are our* ambitious girls.
Sunday in Tozun.
dances;
Now the summer of our loving glows and
throbs about us, too.
In our eye the light yet vernal.
In our hearts the fire eternal. *.• ~
And when time has touched the branches
and our rose-leaf days are few.
Oh, it's then I'd still be walking in life's
autumn woods with you.
— Caroline Duer, in the August Scrlb
ner's.
We have had our fill of roving where
spring blossoms bound the view.
We have played in young Romances,
Danced the nymph - and - shepherd
down the softest wind that blew.
Oh, I wish I were a-walking In the
autumn woods with you!
Came the clank of swinging cow- bells
forever new —
Where from quiet, distant meadows,
Dim beneath the mountain shadows.
Oh, the fragrance of the hollows that the
little brooks ran through!
Oh. the scarlet maples burning
Like a torch, at every turning.
On the way my/ spirit follows in a dream
The sun is misty yellow and the sky Is
hazy blue.
And the chime-bells ring out quaintly,
Near and deeply, fair and faintly.
Each one following its fellow in an echo
clear and true.
Through the streets, clean-swept for
leisure,
Many feet make haste toward pleasure.
And the sound is as the rustling of the
leaves in paths we knew.
How I wish I were a-walking in the
autumn woods with you!
A brand new use for the automo
bile has been developed in an English
dairy country. This Is a motor wag
on equipped to constitute a traveling
creamery. The farmers instead of
hauling their milk to a central cream
ery have the motor wagon stop at
their gates on its dally round. The
driving power Is utilized for the oper
ation of separators, so that the skim
milk is returned to the farmer for
stock feeding and fattening purposes.
It is proposed to extend the facilities
of the traveling equipment so that the
butter fata may be replaced with
other cheaper fats, thereby rendering
the skim milk suitable for calves or
young pigs. Recent experiments have
shown that if butter fat or whole
milk is replaced with some other ani
mal fat the modified or blended milk
Is Just as satisfactory for raising
young animals as the milk of their
mothers. A combination of this kind —
that is, a traveling separator plant,
combined with an emulsor for blend
ing fat with skim milk — would do
much to revolutionize the present sta
tus of dairy work.
. /
Celerity. '1*
George Wesley, a tailor of 'Austin,
Texas, makes a specialty of pressing
men's clothes. He has placed Just out
side his store door a liquor barret,
painted green, and painted In bold,
black letters on the barrel Is the fol
lowing:
For Men
Only.
Stand in Our
Barrel While
We Press Your
Pants . :
For 15 Cents.
— Tailor and Cuttsr.
r Alas! Dobbin Is Gone.
Oddly enough London has now no
weekly comic paper printed in colors
on the lines of Puck and Judge at
home, and in consequence much In
terest has been aroused by the an
nouncement that such a periodical,
partly composed -of American humor.
Is about to be started. , There is plenty
of room for it, for Punch appeals only
slightly to the man In the street,
whereas the English comics, such as
Ally Sloper, Scraps and so forth rely
for support chiefly upon office boys.
At present one of the biggest suc
cesses in the way of a comic weekly
3s a little periodical called Snapshots,
which sells for two cents, and is made
up entirely from advance sheets of
the 1 principal . Anxericajj comic weeli-
The American wife of still another
rather prominent figure In the London
literary world is making an enviable
reputation with her pern This is Mrs.
John Lane, whose husband is, of course,
one of the best known of London pub
lithers. The really good stuff In Mrs.
Lane's story, "Kitwyck." led to its
being widely praised, and Mrs. Lane's
occasional articles on social and do
mestic matters axe being - paid the
compliment of publication in the
Fortnightly Review. The latest of
them, which deals amusingly with the
servant question, is called "Tempo
rary Power."
That an American author, if only
there be quality in his or her work, is
sure of an audience in this country Is
being demonstrated constantly. The
latest example of this is the success
of Miss Alice Brown's books. The
first of tbfem, published almost with
out any booming, were praised unani-,
mously by reviewers, and of . Miss
Brown's latest volume, "High Noon,"
kindly things are being said on almost
every side.
A rather undignified contest over
the body of George Whyte-Melville,
the novelist who died in 1878, is now
going on between his widow and the
Viscountess Massereene, his only
child. . Mrs. Whyte-Melville < is peti
tioning the Consistory Court for the
issue of a "faculty" authorizing the
disinterment and. removal of the re
mains of her late husband in order
that they may be buried- in the parish
churchyard of YVherestead, Suffolk,
¦with the ether members of his family.
The Viscountess Massereene is pro
testing against the issuance of this
•'faculty/* her objections, however, not
being especially clear. Whyte-Melville,
of course, met his death through an
accident in the hunting field, which
played so prominent a part In prac
tically every one of his novels.
• * * . •
American readers of "Lorna Doone"
and Blackmore's other novels, who
subscribed to the memorial recently
unveiled in Exeter CathedraJ, will be
interested on hearing that there re
mained after the . completion of the
whole business a balance of $100.
This has been handed over to the So
ciety oX. Autrlors, of which Blaekmore
was a most enthusiastic member.
A friend who recently has been see
ing something of Signor Gabriele
d'Annu'nzio furnishes me with a little
incident of what .the Scotch call "can
ijiness" ort the poet's part* Like other
writer* of renown D'Annuhzio receives
requests for his autograph by almost
every mail. His reply to these is in
variably the same; .that he will be de
lighted to furnish his autograph, but
oa)y upon a copy of one of his works,
and Sigrior d'An'nunzit) Implied to my
iriend 'that so far the results of this
litt!«j expedient of his had- been high
ly gratifying.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CAUL,,
5 HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, July 15. — It is
rather doubtful if there is another
poet who can boast of as ro
mantic a career as v that of
Colun Wallace, who at the age of
108 is now living and writing in a
modest cottage in Oughterard in
County Galway. Ireland. Probably
Colun Wallace is absolutely unknown
in the United States — he is practically
so in this country — but. in his own
land his reputation as a verse writer
is no mean one and a new collection
of his poems has just been published
l»y the Gaelic League in Dublin. Wal
lace was born in 1796 and for almost
a hundred years m«de his living as a
mason and a sawyer in various parts
of Ireland, writing poetry' in spare
moments. He married twice, but
about three years ago his second wife
died and soon afterward Wallace's
lack of means obliged him to enter
the poorhouse at Oughterard. It -was
seme months before the poet's readers
discovered where he was, but when
they did a fund was raided for his
benefit, as a result of which Wallace
¦was provided with a cottage, which
he now Occupies, as well as money
enough to h.elp him through his de
clining years. He -is now in splendid
health and spirits and -wrote an intro
ductory poem the other day for the
new volume -of his verse. Perhaps
the most striking* Hem of this collec
tion is a poem which Wallace calls
"The Song of Tea?' If is. a dialogue,
spoken by a husband -and wife, while
they are picking potatoes, as to the
relative merits of tobacco and tea to
the excessive use of - : which they are
respectively addicted.
Special Correspondence.
English Literary Folk.
his proper life. He Is emancipated
from sense in a way that beasts are
not"
" • • While I had been at home
my father told me that it is said in
a proverb the one who. does not die
when he ought to is liable to disgrace
more bitter than death. I will not
behave like a coward at any cost. I
expect to die for the sake of our coun
try. A rumor Is current that in the
near future' the second calling for the
'Resolved to die* party will be an
nounced. If this be the case I solicit
your favor that you would do me the
honor of selecting me for the party
once more. In case the announcement
Is formally made I, of course, would
apply to the captain, chief engineer
and divisional lieutenant The uncer
tainty of the appointment makes me
so uneasy that I have not been able
to enjoy sleep many a night. As you
know I have resolved to" die under
your command, and I would like to fol
low you even to the world next Please
pick me up by your special -influence.
If the selection comes to be a fact
As I have already resolved upon dying
I should not be satisfied till I am dead.
I am fully convinced and am thinking
night and day that now is the time
to' give proof, of my devotion to the
Enjperorr, -
The engineer remained still silent.
The sailor approached him and re
peated, "You have been wounded, sir!"
The engineer turned his head and
said: "I? Oh, no."
"Yes, sir; your breast."
"My breast?"
He touched his br«ist and saw his
hand stained with blood.
Soon after there came the officer
who was to relieve the wounded engi
neer and he was accordingly made to
to retire into the officers' room.
"Am I to be treated as a wounded
man when the wound gave me no
pain?" he exclaimed with indignation.
A while ago a second torpedo which
the Russian warship sent out struck
the Ill-fated transport Kinsu Maru
near the engine-room and split her in
two. Sergeant Okano, who had his mus
ket leveled at the enemy all the time,
and continued firing, seeing that his
ship was sinking, dropped down on
deck in despair and exclaimed, "All is
over!" The next moment he un
sheathed his sword, and holding It with
its point against him, cut himself in
the stomach crosswise. "How shame
ful of you to destroy an unarmed
transport! You, cowards of Russian
wretches! Now, look and see how a
Japanese fighter meets his death," he
exclaimed.
The Susanaml succeeded in captur
ing the Russian destroyer Steregchiti.
She dispatched some of her crew to
the captured vessel to have our battle
ship flag hoisted on board and bring
her near the coast. But as the sea
began to rise higher and higher, the
tugging cord was cut off and the poor
ship began to sink. The captain of
the Susanaml said to himself: "The
ship may be allowed to sink, but— not
our naval flag, never!" He sent a
boat to fetch the flag back to him.
The following letter was written by
Katsutaro Tsuchida to Lieutenant Sai
to, entreating to be put among the
members on the occasion of the second
sealing of Port Arthur:
The engineer seemed not to hear the
remark. "Your honor, you are
wounded!"
A fragment of the shell flew past
the breast of Yasuo Minamisawa,
third-class engineer of the Kasumi.
The blood instantly began to flow. But
the engineer was too intent on his
duties to become conscious of the
wound. He was deaf to the rolling
sound of the guns. Nor did he notice
the shells bursting close to him. All
that made him suspect something was
wrong was the temporary tremors of
his hand and a little choking sensation
he experienced at the moment. After
a while a sailor noticed his wound and
cried:
"What? Look! You are struck!"
The third-class bluejacket Koma
Shinowara of the Fuji, a youth of 22
years, was serving as an aid de camp
to the chief gunner, having stood in
the front bridge. A shell came whist
ling and carried his right hand off.
The young sailor, however, stood calm,
stopping the gushing blood with his left
hand. "I am wounded as you see," he
said, seeing his superior "officer ap
proach him. "May I leave my post?"
he asked quietly. He saluted his chief,
raising his left hand, and quietly
walked down.
The following little stories of
bravery, taken from Yune Noguchi's
translation for the Boston Transcript,
show the little brown man's hardihood
in the face of death:
In the hot battle outside the south
gate of Chongju, Sergeant Sato made
a dash and got his foot struck by the
enemy's bullet "Yarrareta" (I was
hit), he exclaimed. But he pushed his
way, Baying: "As long as my eyes can
see — what does it matter? — I shall
never be beaten by any Russian."
There was the bustle of men and
the tramping of horses. A party of
"red-capped" Imperial Guards are now
on their way to the front. They all
had their waterproof fur coats rolled
up tightly and fastened them on their
knapsacks and carried on their backs
shovel-like things, together with sev
eral other implements of war. Their
swords and muskets were bright with
careful burnishing. They were in
splendid martial array. Dear soldiers!
Oh, what proportion of these fighters
would be fortunate enough to come
back safely with laurels of victory!
They are hastening to their graves,
truly. But they marched, talking
quietly and laughing sweetly. Now,
from the second story of a beef shop
an attractive girl of about 18 or 19
leaned over the rail and 1 watched
them. When they came right before
the shop every one of them looked up
and stared at her at once and passed
on, whispering something. The girl
never took her eyes off the soldiers
and 'kept casting her flirting smiles at
them. One of the soldiers suddenly
turned up his face toward the girl
and exclaimed, "No more flirtation, my
dear lassie! Oh, no, none of your
jokes!"
Where Death Stalks.
"I am very much obliged to ye,
young man. Ye see. it wasn't for me
self I was asking. I just wanted to
know how much Mrs. McFadden was
mortgaged for— her that puts on so
many airs with her neighbors." And
the Hibernian softly chuckled as he
took himself off.
He was an elderly son of the Emer
ald Isle who entered the office of the
Board of Supervisors and, addressing
Chief Assistant Clerk John Behan, re
quested permission to look at the as
sessment books. Behan informed him
that the books had been closed by the
Board of Equalization on Monday after
acting on all applications for reduc
tions.
The Irishman appeared disappointed
and then asked Behan to procure for
him the assessment figures on property
owned by a certain Mrs. McFadden,
and Behan volunteered ,to obtain
the data. Behan then looked the
matter up and found that Mrs.
McFadden -was assessed as fol
lows: Real estate $2000, improvements
$2100, with a mortgage of $1500 on the
property. Behan duly conveyed the in
formation to his inquirer, who thanked
him In these words: .
Her Rating.
THE tendency of modern civilizationyis to mitigate
the horrors and misfortunes of war and to limit
its destructive effects to as narrow a field as pos
sible. To this end it has come to almost be written into
international law that free ships make free goods on the
high seas. Belligerents may prey upon the Commerce
of each other wherever they frnd it, but a neutralflag
protects a cargo. If one belligerent wish to destroy
the commercial intercourse of the^ther it must be 'done
by efficient blockade of seaports, of which all the world
must have notice. We used the blockade quite effectively
on the Confederate seaports during the Civil War and
it has been applied as an instrument of warfare from
time to time since. It was used with considerable ef
fect to bring Venezuela to her senses by the concerted
powers which had to interfere in behalf of their na
tionals. It is recognized as a civilized process and all
the nations require that it shall be actual and not merely
constructive.
It keeps the martial issue entirely between the nations
party thereto and leaves the high seas free to neutral
ships. Freedom of the seas has always been insisted
upon by the United States. The Old World had recog
nized the right of search and seizure on deep water.
During the Napoleonic wars Great Britain claimed this
right and exercised it to the injury of our merchant
fleet and our commerce. For this we fought the war of
1812. The American slogan in thaj struggle was "Free
trade and sailors' rights." This did not mean what after
ward became known as "free trade" in an economic and
revenue sense. It meant freedom of the seas for trade
as against the taking of neutral ships as prizes. We won
our contention in battle, but strangely enough the treaty
of peace makes no reference to the issue that caused
the war. Great Britain entered into no formal conven
tion to give up the seizure and search of our ships on
the high seas, but she did give it up, and on that subject
there has been amity between the two nations ever
since. We followed this up by ridding the Mediter
ranean of the Algerine corsairs by banishing the pirates
of Tripoli, and it will be seen that American influence is
solely responsible for the advance made by the world
in respect to freedom of the seas. The wisdom of our
policy in that respect has become more apparent since
the importance to us of the Pacific Ocean was disclosed
by the Spanish war. We are the only great commercial
nation with a water front on that ocean and we are
vitally concerned in the freedorri of its waters.
Since the war of 1812 Great Britain has sought and
attained primacy in her merchant marine. Her ships
are everywhere afloat and for a half century she has
spared no pains nor expense to maintain a navy adequate
for the protection of her merchantmen. The patriotism
of her people has sustained them in all sacrifices neces
sary to maintain her sea power. As her Indian empire
took form she safeguarded access to it in every way.
For that she fortified Gibraltar and Malta and for that
she bottled the Russian fleets in the Black Sea and
turned the Mediterranean into a British lake. Later on
she bought the majority of the stock in the Suez canal,
giving her a short all water route to India. . So strong
has been the British sense of primacy of the water from
Gibraltar to the Straits Settlements that when- Sir Ed
win Arnold wrote his interesting book, "India Revisited,"
the title to the chapter descriptive of the voyage from
Liverpool to Bombay was "On the Queen's Highway."
He described the waters from the Mersey to Gibraltar
and thence to Aden and thence through the Indian Ocean
as British waters, the highway of the empire, for the use
of her Majesty's fleets and the British commerce. Sir Ed
win Arnold in this expressed British sentiment and feel
ing. Now that highway is invaded. Russia has sent
auxiliary ships out of the Black Sea and through the
Dardanelles under a merchant flag and has armed them
with sea artillery to prey upon neutral ships that pass by
the "Queen's highway." No more stinging blow was
ever dealt at British pride nor, since the days of Captain
Kidd, none more dangerous to all commerce. It is
obviously intended by Russia to specifically affront Great
Britain, for French ships plying to the Indo-Chinese pos
sessions of France have not been disturbed, while Brit
ish ships flying the flag of the same line on which Sir
Edwin Arnold sailed the "Queen's highway" have been
made prizes, their crews prisoners and their passengers
subjected to brutality and humiliation. We fought Eng
land for less cause in 1812. What will she do? Her
people will not bear the exactions necessary to keep up
a. navy unless they see results, and it is justifiable Eng
lish opinion that the navy is for just such occasions as
this. Russia has announced that her course in the
Pacific will be the same as she has followed in the Red
Sea. This means that she proposes to pirate the com
merce of Great Britain and the United States and forbid
our flag the freedom of the high seas. If this be at
tempted no American will hesitate in demanding repara
tion. It is the same issue we fought for in 1812 when we
were a young and weak nation. Now we are strong, ex
perienced and armed. The Pacific is Uncle Sam's high
way and he proposes to travel his own road at will.
lies. Its perhaps most popular feature
are reproductions of the cartoons of
Charles Dana Gibson, who is : almost
as well known here as at home.
HAYDEN CHURCH.
scssment. Sarr Benito County shows an increase of
$27,920 as compared with 1903, and a total value of
$6,261,885. {^vv
Yolo County has increased in taxable property $345,
692 in a year, and its total is $15,200,162. Placer County's
increase is $226,000; Nevada County's $57,010; Stanis
laus County's $1,492,930, with a total valuation for 1904
of- $14,287,952. The very large advance in Stanislaus is
due principally to the enhancing value of irrigated dis
tricts. The west side and eastern border grain V» nds
are reduced for assessment. The increase in real estate
amounts to $1,214,955, in improvements to $102,915, and
in personal property to $208,410. Tehama's assessment
amounts to $10,909,295, an increase of $320,070 from last
year. The assessment value of sheep and goats was
reduced ' in Tehama County. Had these animals been
estimated to be worth as much as they were assessed
for in 1903 the total increase of assessment would amount
to $500,000.
The decrease in Kern County, which amounts to $89,
163 as compared with the preceding roll, is accounted
for by the fact that the McKittrick branch railway is
not assessed'locally, but by the State board. The assess
ments on Kern County oil lands were reduced about
I2}4 per cent, and there is also noted a decrease in the
assessment of personal property. Modoc County prop
erty has been assessed for $4,023,045. In the county arc
275 miles of irrigating ditches that are assessed at $13,
610. ¦ The increase in Trinity County amounts to $343,
841, the total assessment amounting, for 1904 to $1,991,
843. Mendocino County's assessment roll is more than
$1,000,000 lirfger than it was last year. The total valua
tion of $11,579,676 does not indicate the real value of the
county's resources, for there are 400 miles of railway that
are assessed on an average only $894 per mile.
These are but random notes taken from the returns
of county Assessors in a few counties. The complete
returns, when they are finally summarized, will consti
tute a fine official record of the advancement of this-
State in all material things in twelve months.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
FREE SHIPS MAKE FREE GOODS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), THURSDAY, JULY 28, 190*.
THE SAN FRANCISGQ CALL
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... «... ». ; .. Address All Commtinications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .......... .«~»». ¦»?......:........;......;.../...:.. ..Third and Market Streets. S. P.
THURSDAY .'. ........:...... .... JULY 28, 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6
Special information supplied ' dally ' t»
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipn1i»e Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cbto
if ornia street, Xsle&hon« Mala i»ia» V.
Townsend's California Glaca fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 71S Market »t.*: to-day signed the fcraal de
cree cf divorce dissclvirg the mar
riage erf Lillian N'cr-iiea' and Zoitan
Doase. •
:a-€ scc:?ti:=s >: i» «=c<i. have a BBS* tRd
G S Z±z^ "5ST:iairV" tc better— f-^ta tie "rlsttt
• •:=¦- ~ yntiT hc-?piti!it3"- Wlc****T8i*i, ZjiZ^s.
i ¦::.. 23<1 Bi"err *t* S. ?. ¦ ' -• . .
aioxxzrr estate appraised. — Th*
arrraisem appointed to fix the value of the
»-T—».» of Elizabeth. V*. H. Jlcxley yesterday
r-ported to the ctrart that it Is wnrth. $73,213.
n:cr» than $»iS.0CO fceiaz is. c&sa en deposit on
varicus fcaiia.
>"crdica Is Xot Divorced.
COiTPLAXXS OF POCXTHISN"^— Urs. E.
jlcCarty of LT? Duboc*- aveaue complaiaed
yesterday to tie Surer-risers that the pcund
i=»3 bad exacted fZ SO from her ta release her
dug, tait had tir«s her no receipt. She p«
;;t;cns that ti.e meney b» refsrs.»d ta her.
SANTA? ROSA. July 27.— A. Tomassi.
a resident cf Knight3 Valley, reported
to District Attorney Pond that hunters
who had recently passed through his
place had set fire to a large tree on his
ranch, and that the names had spread
to and burned over an area of more
than, twenty acres. In additiOTi a lot
of fencing had been burned by the fire.
Tcmnssi will prosecute the careless
hunters.
Careless Hunters Start a Bis Fire.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN. Sunday. July
31. ' Leaves ncrth end Ferry 'building
9:23 a. m. Returning arrives 7:30 p. m.
Fare, round trip. $1 00. Vallejo and
.den Cove, round trip, 50c Pij/er-Aden-
Gc-cdaU Co. •
Rivee Excursion to Anticd).
Koc«r«, the sculptor. Dead.
KEVT HAVES,* Cocn_" July 27. —
John. Rc??:t. tfas seslptpr, is. dead at
bis summer hc:ate in New Canaan,
" -T.r... after a long il!n«ss from creep-
: r» •nara.ivsis. a.2-°tl T3 vears.
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— According to an
official bulletin issued to-night by the
World's Fair Press Bureau, the first
wedding- among the British soldiers of
the Boer war will be celebrated next
Tuesday morning, the principals being
Private John Backhouse of Vallies,
England, who plays the part of lieu
tenant is. a war exhibition, and ili23
Catherine Tatsch of Yosemite. Cal.
The ceremony will take place in the
St. James Memorial Church. The Brit
ish troops will attend in. a body. Major
U- S. Stewart will give away the bride,
and Captain John Diclt will act as best
man. The bride will be attended by
Miss Freida Dorn cf Eau Claire, "Wis.
In the evening the party will attend
a special performance given in their
honor by the rmar-^fj^^icnT of the
Palais du Costume, on the Piks. The
performance will consist of a typical
society wedding performed by costume
models at the Palais. The announce
ment cf the engagement comes one week
after the first meeting of the couple.
Veteran of the Boer War Win Wed a
Yonrts Woman From Cal
ifornia.
ENGLISH SOLDIER WINS
BRIDE AT EXPOSITION
Then Mrs. Grace Lynch filed an in
junction against her husband Georjre
to restrain him frcrn disposing of his
salary and $10,000 worth of property
until he had agreed to pay her 1100
a month for separate maintenance,
which she needed, she said, because
she waa in "distressing- circum
stances." Lynch junior has returned
from England and the dismissal of
the two suit3 indicates that the dif
ferences have been settled.
Two notices of dismissal were filed
in the Superior Court yesterday of
suits which created, at the time of
their commeacernent, a passing sen
sation because of the unusual charges.
One of the actions was that of Grace
Lynch against E- and Alexander
Lynch. "E." being- her mother-in-law,
from whom, she demanded 520,000 for
bad treatment and deprivation of ner
husband's comfort and afTection. The
Lynches are En^iish and the bride of
their son said they made fun cf her
Americanisms, used hypnotism to win
her husband away and refrained from
teaching- the family parrot to speak ner
name in terms of endearment. The hus
band, shortly after their marriage,
¦went to England and the parent3-ln
law expressed the hope that he would
fall in love with a "nice girl" ¦over
there.
3Irs. Grace Lynch Withdraws Sensa
tional Action Against Family of
Her Spouse — Probably Settled.
Mr?. Hartley of Berkeley Is Oiosea.
President and 3Irs. Marpfay oX
Vallejo Vice Prasiiiect.
SANTA CF.ITZ. J^^ 2T.— The fol
lo-xir?- Siate cheers hare fceen elected
for the ccmin^ rear by the Christ: .in
Women's Board of Foreign ilisslosa:
Prestdeat V^ SI. Z. Hartley ef " Berkeley;
vfe« r^?i=*=^- 3£r». a 5. 1^-irphy. Va^ejo;
secretary, llrs. A. iL. Taraall. ,
1 Si= J:s«, treassrer. ilrs. r>a Eiffion, Saa
F-zr-:scs ; IIHJJ ' "'"MllTiril <zi i^sicr wcrit, Urs.
v^.^ b -~*~. Sia Fraricaca: airtsory sera
fc^- Xa jL. I>. But:-r cf Nija. Ura. W. A.
' GkZtfaer cf yuaunO*; presa corresp«Kl?=t.
j^^ «•» E Gr^L2.i. Wcoilaed: cialrzia.a pra
«-r^=e t-^ 1 " -¦'"—[ itrs. G. Nv Freesiaa.
TIi« Stale ~1iIi.Tij « Tinnl Associa
?."¦ c;er.ed tius momiiis' with. State
Fresid'a-: ReV..T. G. Ptctea cf Ct:co
rx the <:!iair. Tlie rr^i*e service . vrzs
by P. C. STacfarLane c^ Ala.rieda.
A nmad-taWe on ••AdTarxced Meth
r ; .- in iun<iij"- a c— ool" -sras cocd'icted
y J. B. .i-sken cf Wlieatiarid.
Th^ scrtnen this evgningr ¦w^as Cs
rered by C." C. B-ntley cf Hanford
' the rrais« service wi»s cenductad
r £. llcrphy cf Vallejo.
FOREIGN MISSIONARY
BOARD ELECTS OFFICERS
SXTTS AGATVST HXJSBANT>
AND PAKESTS DISMISSED
PORTLAND, July Z7.— Sing Lcpe. a
Chinese, 1* the wealthy proprietor cf a
hep yard npar Vancouver. Wash., and
last year at hep picking time, cne cf
the prettiest girls who worked for him
ws^ Lliss "F-~ — *- Schrum cf .Mount
Tabcr, a suiurb cf Portland." Ha made
Icvt. to her and now they are husband
and wire. Her industry ta picking heps
first brcught her to his notice. The
bride is 11 years cll and tie Celestial
la *<i. Tha wedding, which occurred at
Vazccuver a day cr two age. was per
formed in the presence pi an attorney
and a wealthy Chinese merchant cf
Pcrtland. After the ceremeny Sing
gave & Chinese feast ts his friends.
The f^aat was tec much, tzr Mrs. sing
L/rpe. sc she went back to her. family
*— a week. But naw she and her
Chinese husband are wcrkteg together
the hep yard where they first met.
Snecial Sncftr-fr to The CaX
REDDING, July 27.— B. S. Hight, a
sheepherder. 'was arrested here • this
morning by ShertC Boyd of Tehama
County, en charges of forgery and ob
taining money under false pretenses.
Eight was hurt -while herding sheep in
the vicinity of Bieber, Lassen County,
and was sent by the foreman of the
herders. W. M. Lenhani, to Bieber for
treatment. While there Hight tele
graphed in the name of the foreman to
the owner of sheep, Mrs. Bearse Guire,
of E£d Bluff for COO. He got the money
and spent it on a protracted debauch.
He reached Redding- yesterday and tele
graphed in the name of the foreman
for S130. In the meanwhile his methods
bad been found out, but he was in
formed that the money would be sent
here by express this morning. When
he went to the express o3ce to get the
rsoney he found the Tehama. Sheriff
there ready to take him in charge.
Eight then broke down and confessed
his crime.
AUSTIN", Texas. July 27. — The Hunt
in^ton. syndicate of California, which, a
fiewi nioatha ago acquired several hun
dred miles ct long- diatan.ee telephone
ltz.es in Texas, is rapidly carrying cut
its rlars for a tJirousH lens distance
telephone lln» between the Atlantic
seaboard and the Pacific ccast. The
Southern route will be followed.
The acQiiired line in Louisiana and
Texas and the existing 1 lines in Califor
nia leave a graj) of 6CQ miles in
Texas between San Antonio and El
Paso and all of- New Mexico and Arizona
to te filled in. The syndicate is dosing
negotiations for the purchase of inde
pendent Icngr distance lines through
Arize na and New Hexicc, and when
this is done about eight hundred miles
cf wire will have to be put up for a
through connection between Los An
geles and New Orleans.
Connecting lines will be built north
ward all alcng- the main system.
Special Z '.srat-i: ta Tie Call.
Happy Groom Gives a Grand
Fea?t in Honor of His
Wife and It Sickens Her
Walks Into a Trap Set for
Him at the Redding Ex
press Office by Authorities
Company Will Build Along
Southern Route With Con
necting Feeders Xorthward
MARRY AT VANCOUVER
CCttTESSES HIS GUILT
SEVERAL LINTS BOUGHT
turing Plans for System
From Atlantic to Pacific
Huntington Syndicate Ma-
Secures 3Ioney on Telegram]
on Which He Had Signed
the Xame of His Foreman
3Iount Tabor Girl Becomes
tl»e Bride of a Wealthy
Hop Grower of Washington
WHITE WOMAN
WEDS CHINESE
NEW TELEPHONE
IS UNDER WAY
SHEEPHERDER
TURNS FORGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMEVTS.
SIGX HEADACHE :
• = — iPositiTclTcuxed by ;
fi 1 DTP DQ tiM»e Ioitle Pills.
|//\|\] Ll\0 THej a^o reiler» Dfs- j
iij^ai treES £rm CTc^epsii. In- j '
Slip 3T"TL£ dl^esticiaidTcoEeartj | .
§£S| lyPg EaU^-. A peract rs=> |
1 Vtn edytar2ta!aess.5acaa. \
Hi PILLS* DrctTHlzes. Bad Tasta {
Tcngne. Pain to tie side,
ragnlatB tfie Bowels. Purely YegetaMe.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SHALL PfiiCE.
U.nrcpgl CUBE SICK EEADACHg,
irarrrtE Senoms Masl Bear
fg IVER Fa>SinuIe Signalure
g PILLS. y0 — - - !
They're Trumps^
! It's our finish tiiat niakes this laundry I
I so popular. Better than the "domestic." ¦
j longer listing- taat the old-fashianed
"*jlos3." it pleases so many people that
1 our trada ia growing-. For the launder-
j Ins of linen and atner wasaables, Xod?9
your orders here.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 31A3221T STSSZT.
Telepaase Soatlt 42O.
&?OJ9culaAiwm>
f Perfect Fitting fyj|
Eyeglasses cM •
At Moderate Cast (, j
j V 642 j-
r)vis',T DR. JORDAN'S gbmtJ
of afliToay^
v **& -SKSA3n?a.tst.ataa7&.s.?.CiL q \
{ \ v3f _ Tile Ijim * iMTMigat Xuxcom ia tb* \
*} ikIP^i'i - " r " °- '•'••*=«•«•» «• *ay ccatra<r«4 0 i
I O j ag ¦ Speoaut am tlys Omcc 2»t 36 yaws. © |
1 4 iW^L OS. JG«?DA:*-3JSIA3i3 G? fciZS 6
' i I CfmwilMfinn fm «=d »rrtrt*T ?TTTsrt T
W 1 Jtf^i M M3Ilen '' r?»r»oa«ily or t>T i«t«r. A A
I To F X w '"*••¦• <¦"<•*» at «r«ry cas* ssdvrraken. \ j
Tl j fl^t 3taa:.icE, mael£3 traaa. Uf !
1 /A O tr T«ioable book for mra } . j
j V DB. JO2OAX ACO. ESI ararfcet3t..S. F.Y \
f. °|:
| $ uMMER KE^OKI^ ;
j : — ¦ i
California Horthwssfarn Railway: |
THE PICTURESQUE BQUTc j
OF CAUFCRNU •
DEER HUNTING.,, !
Tbe best Fishing and Haat- !
Jag- in California is along tius , :
road, witLin a few hours*
ride of San Francisco.
The DEER SEASON opens
July i|tn in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August ist in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; Jrly rsth in ilarin
; County.
i Black Bass Fishing,..
Opened July 1st. These are
; plentiful in. the Russian River, j
particularly in the vicinity o£ i
i Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tion:
TAKE YOUR ROD— Our Rivers
and Streams are full o£ Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer, j
Many are now being seen daily, j
The Game Laws are enforced along |
this road. Consult "VACATION, |
I 1904," to be had at the cfices o£ the [
! Company. It will tell you where you \
can camp or board, and be near your
ganie-
TlcUet Office*. 650 MarSet st. <C&ronicl»
btiUdlcs) atnl Tftnrott Ferry; Geaeral OtS.ce.
ainroal Ufa Eulldlnff. corner Caltloraia asA
! Eansozse ata.. Saa Francisco, CaL
JAS. L. FIIAZIEK. General llaaajsz.
; R. X. RTA^T. General Paaaenser Agsnt.
SEIGLER sgT-
Xattrral Hot Ftansre and Steam Eatha. Fcsi-
', Uth care tar rheumatism, astiana, Wfjnderfal
waters for Urer. kldaey and all atotaaca trott-
bl«s. Swimmias ponil. crchestra. Fare $3 re-
turn trlD. Electric B»nts. Housekeeping: cot-
( tajzes. Arsenic beauty baths. Kates $10 to $12
per weak. Batiis and aniasem«ats tree. H. H.
McGQWAS. crap., Seisler. Lake Co.. CaL
Ha rca cam? mszseh wsw etqlajd eqmsi
Located la * beaattfal jrov« cioss ta Hit
take- fiaa playground for the cafldrenr «wiasn.
t croquet, howllsff aad tennis, boatlmj and talii-
\ tux paTlIlons wlta pianos, fresh traits ta
! Dieaty. Board and lod*tn*. only »* to <7 «*
w««k. Address GEORGE HARTSOJC. Cama
Sleeker. Saaonia. Copnty. '
XXVX3SSXDS 2GTEL sad COTTAGES
—Near beaca; 3O acres beautiful grounds; jp*.
cia.1 rates to families; writs far booklet. S\
BaESOM. ProBrtetor. Santa- Crox
VET.T.T.'rcnS. KOTXIj. El V«s«aa. So.
noma Co.. Cal T*m* 9X day and upi hot
mineral, sprisxs near by. Lon* ctLstaaca tala-
pbtma; daily maC JOHy STCRRS3. Progrldtor.
DB LA. ROZX r*sort» Saata. Cna Mocatalasj
cottag-»9 aad testa for light acoaeksestsc CX
• : ;. . camgtnfc - a. J. CZSSS. iljr.. Glita. CfcU ¦_
STATEMENT
C5* THS-7- •'¦¦'.':'•
COyDITTOX &SI> AFFAIRS
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or atx* la CHAPEriz. GziuiAjrr.
ob the Slmz cay of DecenUwr. A. r>. 13«!3.
»-«« jsr the year --*L-g en. that day. as =iade •
to the i isuraace Cmnlsaiaoer cf th« Stat» of j
~i~:Z'-~-*. Tsrsuast ta the yi m i tat errs cf Sexv j
t^cs €13 'assi. Cll cf the PoUrdl Coda, caa-
<<»2sei u per f^*~* r;*~.t^*^ fey th» Cassis-
A=Bec=t nt Capital StocJt. said «»
m Cash ...... *430t800 00
ASSETS.
T*tl Skst* cw^ed tr Cns^rr... L^-^«^
r - ¦ ca Beads aad Msrtrase* L3«J3.400 1» :
.. - Sarket Va^a* cf ail Stacks
asi Ecsdn cwiTty Ca=s*=y... 2.3T2C13 4S j
rash la Coispaay's C-f2c». ia.ilS23i
Cash =1 Ba=£s 424.358 01;
lar^-i^r. -j-i, ,-(• «Trraed ea TVmiis.
2tort«a«E« ajid Stacks - 4L275 CS ;
P-«mu&a at oii« Course of CoCee-
t^sa »04.400 47 j
Total Assets 723^8* S4 j
\ -t » ***- j - ¦ J X - — ¦? •
I>..«w» a-fJSsted a=d u=pild 1
Lcewss ta yrrji. eai cf Ad^usrnsant !
<— • ia e*isp«-=» : O6.TTfl M
Zsmx** r-»t»red »clcrii=s; -xpesaea J
Cress prcrttzsis ca Fire Eisks
- nan tSsS cb« year, J3.060.2W ?3;
r«'snraace pri raz*. 2.ZS.744 09 j
i'jls^. 4:vMt^=4* renuialsr H=p«.t3.. L21i 50 j
Tj-^z-: Premicais aad Relrsuraac*
Pr-roiams itnpald 217.158 33 ;
P*cjf.cc F^rd aad PaMic Utility
I"jsii m~*jr'.l oiiuar Habiiltlea. . . . 452.3S3 38 1
T«al LahCitiea .R.43C.S34 43 ;
s JCet ewft actsaTy received far Fir*
li.cg.iass 2.993.33 €0
Rx.gtT'4 lar tutereat 00 Bccdsl
aad ai-srs^rw - I
BeesriTCd 6»r tatsresc *=d «--vl- t ¦ 1S3.733 5« I
<jemfs cc Bnnc;?- Htceics. T«w j
yr<< Iras an -filler srrsrees j
Received fcr rtsxta ' S3.5I3 S9 !
Tater**! ctj Prssscn asd • Puallc
CtJUty jruaia. 14, MS 33 i
TiJtal raeraw i...^._S3.123.544 35 I
*&rt «sscu'2t ra-'i *t F"irs Lcsses.^Jl, 43*1431 44
rhvi4*tids ta Srsckhaliers ..... 374.33)00
Pa«d cr sCcwerJ for Ccr:rusa:on or
ferckersjse ~: 513.1(3 €3
Fzifl Tcr Saiarf^. Fees, md ether
cj-au^s for ef5i:»^s. clerks, etc. 32S.QC4 63
T^*tJ Z r >T State, *Cs.tlcca!. and
......•.¦•-•......... 23.9C9 C3 J
A r. ather'Vay^e^s and *zp«sdi- 1 V J=g |
Tctil Ex?e=i*.^^« • .$2.7>4.e61 43 j
LCSSHS t^csrrtd «t^:s» the year-.tl.SS3.336 7»
»-.«^ i 3(l preiriusaLj Fire T'*irm | r > .-»---tM—«
y^ r ;CSCl.lSr.«r»tJl414.12I B
>>Vaiaru=t of Sisks |
Expired durin-ff the] ,
J^ 2.C2S =31.1431 3.134.573 37'
»," cnocat ta fcrcei
Dmtxrr.**T ZU 13CS-f l.g3.I0g,4COi 10C3.28H S3
¦ ROaSHTVOy COE£CITE2f. President. :
TH1ZZ. SCH2OEE2. G«a«ral Stanaser.
Sch*crthe-5 and eiwcra ta before me. thi» 12th
tzy ci April. 1304.
FKAXKLH? EPX3CDACE.
C. S- Ceastti at Atx ta. Csopelle. Gerfcaay.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BAETLETT does act riaraatee- ta ear*
aa the. Ills that honzanlty ia heir to, bat
thtmsaads af pecnia ha.va b**a benefited
by the use cf Eartlett "Water aad ssaay
cured.
If yco would fcsorsT* your health aad
have- a grand good time, conie- to Eartlett
; Springs. wh#r» there t> a resident phy-
| a manager a£ aawwuiniiti aad cma-
petent masseurs.
Hacsekeepia; ccttazes. J3 CO to S3 CO per
week.
¦j Send for a booklet that wm Jell yoa all
if abcut Bartlett. • '
F "Write J. H McMAHAK. Eartlett
Sprlasrs. CaL. or call at 2 Sutler St.. Saa \
Francisco.
The mineral waters at
AETNA SPRINGS
Equal any of the kind
found in Europe. They
relieve rheumatism, dia-
betes and dyspepsia.
Just send for Booklet
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa County, CaL
Santa Catalina Island
I 3 •-'. Honrs Frosi Lcs Aageiea. Seaasa 1304.
Oar Famoas Marina Band.
Hsatlof axoizataia raat. »m-g. >f*^"ir.
self, teanla aad tha Ssext <*•«»> *t.«; oa the
i ccaat.
Camp Lifa a Spactal featan.
Huadreds ci fsrslsheil tsat3 at r%uao>
able rates.
Kctel
Modern la sH cartJcnl*r».
For farther Information. ad4r»«»
; PECKTS ESFOSitATION- BCHSATJ U
Mantxcmery st.. cr BAJfXIXG CO^ 223 S.
j Sprln<r st. Lcs Anseles.
Hots! EL GARMELO
] Pacific Grove. .California. The- Little Dei
i Moate." At tha seaside with hoce coa^forts.
i The Dlace ia snead your Tacatlaa with ywir
} fa-i-Hy Surf h^r^tTTg- a^lfi EiteS
I with beard $2 50 a day upward, cheaper th^-»
; ctayln? bcnie. Send f3r Ulnatrated ;ix;a.tc
! Address GEO. H. COEX»T. Manas^r.
t '
THE NEW HOTEL AT
iADAMS
E*ei'y 021s knows t^*t Adams -waXsy cqtsm
stomach, llTer and kldaq- dla«aa«a>
WHT EXPEHTSO2JT?
Fw further parUcuIara wtlta to W. H. PRA-
j THEH.
j * CAMP VACATION.
s Hat-1 tinder ea:»n m thm Rasataa Srver
{ fcolcw GQerneTlXle la a zrm a mile aad a half
Umg. sJtlrtiag th» river: teaals courts; 40 aew
! beau; will buflii a dam la tho rtv-r; 4 stiles
of smcoth watar far boattaj aad bathla*.
Adulta « per day. flO per week; childrea
ender 10 half rates. SDedal rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May L. Addreas itR3. U C CXO-
PTCS. Camo Vacation. "Vacatlna" P. <X. So-
noma. County. CaL
3XAB2C WEST STSiarGS.
S KOENER. Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MES. H- KOZ^ER will inaaasw syrlajs:
many Improvements: new cement bathhouse.
and sas all om place: $2 day; $1O aad
w»»ft. Office. 833 Larkla st. cor. Geary, or
ll.trk West Springs, Rosa. Rural No. tt.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
Beswtck. Stsklymx Grosty. Callforal*.
Writs to EDSON* BROS, for BockloC
Saratoga Springs.
13 different mineral sprtags. Iafbrmatina at
Feck's Bureau, 11 Hcatgrjiaery st. cr at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. a. LaSa C<fc. CaL
SOLID COMFORT HOME
I Extensively fmprtjved; 190O feet altitude; na
j fag; i-Hmnr» delightful; Iargs orchards vegetahU*
gar-lsa: hot, eald baths: spring watarr cement
swiaunlag- taak. 40x30. Rotes 38 week ua; staga
meets train. Schuler & Schebea. Jfaaa. CaL
JOHANMSBERG.
Ntw hotel; raodera eonTenlences; large, atry
' dmins-room r huntiny. flahiny. STrlainiins. boat-
' In*: Jl!> aad J12 per week. THEO. BLAXCS-
: E>"BtTRG JR.. Prop.. CaJcvUle. Ni^a. CS».. or
E rSFOHMATlOK BtTREAC. 3O Slontsomery st.
LAKEPOP.T AXD BAETLETT SPRETC3
STAGE UXE — Haolaad to Bartlett Saria*s.
[ via LaJteBort. carrytaff s&3seaser3 far La^sport
aad Bartlett Scrims. Sta«a« ecsaect wlih
trains at Hoc I unit. Leave- Hup land at 12 x3O;
arrive at Lakecart at 3 :30: arrive at Eartletl
Springs at T:30>. X»w S-harsa 14-paanenT9r
touriat wasons. with all the meat modern ta-
pravemonts. Faaasnsers for Lakeport cr Bart-
l-^t Sprinjpu call for tickets by Bartlett ssnasa
Etage Line. Tlcksts caa be purchased at oOca
cf California 8K. "W. Ry.» 650 Hariec «t» or
. «t TVfcurott ferry. -
"\fTT.r.KTt A HOWARD. Propw.
warn; snxP3CU3 sfzzztgs. van* ja,
Cal. — Moat acceaatbie spnnss ta Saa Fraaeaco; ¦
rrnnd trln SL no staca fare; only 214 hoars'
ride; 3 milea Cranx Yall*lo: hot. cuid ami
plunjre sulphur baths; wand<rrfuj cure* of rheu-
aaatisbi. neuralgia, eczeaia. kidaey. liver aad
stcmach JP< - Beautiful rrauads aad laii
for bcatiaz- aad bathlns. Dancing pavtlion.
New bowliasr alley and shafSa board. Rates.
StO a week, tndudlns ftarhrt.-- Address itAN-
tTEI. 3JA.DKn>. Valleic. CaL
QVFTS tn. naoimtalna CA3CP
SXHDSXB HO2IS af Sonoma Co. mhh«vb
Puns water, equable cllsiate. lots selling $10
up; cotrasss btrilt by Meeker. |3O up; depot;
stcres- restaurant; hotel; post aad express;
telephone: sawmill: 80O lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. If. S. R. R_ at O
jEEEKES. Caaip Meeker. Sonaiaa Coualy.
CCCIDS3TA1 EOTZZt, SATWASSS.
First-lass - resorti teaalsv croquet, bowliajj,
aaiuss«meat halL etc Special rates to families.
Terms rsasonabla. A. GAUDARD. irtop.;
phone Black I4L • '-
2TO3TS SSOS2 KOT1M. — On Tooalea
Bay Good table aad accommodations Hou*
gas- lighted. Prices very reasonable. ISTtS. J.
SHIELDS. MarshaEs. itarin County. CaL
SCHAirgEtt'3 GSOTS— XtOSS TASLST.
; » Pnvata boordlas; terras Rasoaahla. T«aot
; !. meets Saaday morning traJsa. Addrjn HTtft
: * iU.rr UXS&IT. £saa Stattan.
- -
AjPVESTISE3IE>rTS.
T73ZTSS STATES SXA2TCZ.
STATETVLETINT
CODmo.V ANT> AFFALBS
—OF TE3B—
Aactien and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
QF ATX LA CH.A FR7 J.FT. GZEMANT. <XS
the 31st 4ay cf Deeesber. A. D. 1303. aad
far th« year eefitsa; ca that day. aa mads ta
the lasaraace CteasailselQaer cf the Stata cf
Calif orsia, pnrsaaat ta th» prorlslona cf S«e-
tlccs «I0 aad «U of the PoUtlcal Code, cca^
drn.^ej as per blaak famished by th* <~™ '#-
ASSSTS.
Casa aCarkvt Tila« cf aH Stoek*
aad Bcnia ewaed fcy Craapaay.. fS3S.531 S3 '
Cash la Cocsjjaay's Of3e«.* 213 2S
Cash la HaT:Jn» _ 123,268 60
Pr-=l=ss la dae Cocne of Coflec-
eon 183.740S0
BSIs recefrable. not Matsrwl. taken
for Flr« aad 3tarla« Bisks L27S W
TStsi AJMts JLI2T.132 SI
TJABmngg.
Losses a ajast-i aad nnpald W.TSS CT
Losses la piofcgaa of Adjnstazent er
la. Snsp^is* <3.«S«4
L<»ses resisted, lacfadtas; ei.tf eases. 7J93 72
Gross PreralTi3M ca Fir* R!sks raa-
sl=? cce year cr less. $<£33.SG7 3B;
r«l=»Bra=ce OT per cent 348.933 98
Grcsa Prenitaaw oa Ftre XUsks rxa-
niajr *wi im taaa on* year. S44C—
iflT !3; reiasoraace pro rata 280.374 13
Cocictlsslcrs aad Brckeraj* dn*
asrl ta becsnas due............... 30,373 90
A3 ether UabULCes 1T0 30
Total Liabilities...... ...........> 723.743 70
Hot casa aetaalTy received far Firs
prertluais . J'VU.«45 37
Rece}-red for faterest aad drrldeads
en £cadi. Stocks. Tr«»«, aad
frna aa ether scors«s 23, BOB 30
Hacelvetl frcja Konia Of2ce... 3,483 00
Tatai laeaiae 1 915,333 S7
EXPE3ST3nTTEES.
Set aairnat raid for Fire Losses ¦
(JacJtiriinjf J.-.3 «73 73, Jesses of
prrrtocs years) |4«7.352 5«
Pa!d or allawed for Coi=l3Bica or
Brskerr^a 1S3.S43 «T
Paid for Salar!«"9. Fees, and other
charges for efflcers. derks. etc. . 80.394 *t
PsM Bar State. National, aad Lecat • -
Ar «« e » • 23.3tS20
*II other payments aad ezpeedl-
t^« s — 70.13320
Total Expenditures $ 828.508 2T
_ Ftre.
X^C?j^S tnctirrgd iJTirlns; the year.. . . 1463. 013 79
Risks and Prenitcrn3L| FTre Bisks. J Premiums.
N>? azronat of RUksi
written dnrics; thel
,.>**f y^H «8-2=-S5S JL210.2t«08
Ket asscsat cf Blsksj
exatred dsrlas the.)
Set annnrat In firref
December 31. 1303. 1 88.1CC.S43 1.158.970 23
J. A. KELSST. Called StaTeTlianajreir
Sttfcscrfted and ramra ta fcefare at this lath
day af Jaaaary. IS04. a
C. M. DOCGHTT. N«^ry* Public
j Grand y?gwg.ta.t
; Electrical- 3 Concerts
1 Display | Daily
I e|»a«»» a a TSTTTSTT5*
ISanta Cruzf
1 3g 7.1JUUISL Fmort »9»?n'o
Lad Tab £ Batlmi^ 2 W,txr Sport,
j Bsths jS OQ the 2 R*of Gardens
|D«ctaS £ CoaSt S Samnw
I Bostktg tad g Th«atri«3!»
{ Pine S«£m«a U So \2 £ - 2 V<sdrviU*
iRshmj C tiling 2 SpseWBo
jUvcty Drives g QqJjj- 3 jf jl
iss^ § 5 s sr^
; ThroojH the )• TimC o Dcrinj taa
| Rtdwco<is TTSTrsyjnrs" Eatir« Scsm«
Spend Your Vacation
| for $2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
| Springs
Th* most idea: i'bscji. fsv* oteaaor* aad
health en th* ?ac£2a <^"»«> Bar ruimt
tr:p. ticket frea 3aa Fraacisc!* ta Saa
U:j E:t Sulphsr Sprtasa. Sea Luia
Cbtspot. CaX. return. Isctsdlzg sta«3
ta and frenx sprinzs asd oa» w«ejc*«
beard far $2<XfW to <TS.OO. aeamttasj
to ;ci'»::cn ef rocma> or beard aad «cctwi-
=i.:iiat:-:c» $!>.!>•> ta #12.t>*> p«r we«Jc.
Scenic scrroimdlaxa. fre* haTTtmc.
r^ar-^^ aS £ Ssnias an srrsuarfm. Tin*
anady vrilxs. tTrrnt^ aad :i-:c;-;;c grstzada*
daac* parUlcs fsr quests. Tin* sea
beach cs* =: :* frnnx H : t Sulshcr ajcf.'igi.
CcKasss and farsltars ar» a^ sew. Gas
throughout bctld£iss aad ersenda. Oar
table t« wen sasnlled Tr.th th« b«9t th*
market aSsrda. Our stass n»«ts c-i.r>-»
mirfrias as Saa Zjda Obfaoo as 1:13 3. a.
I ¦•very day (except Sunday*.
This !• so boasttal er nnar-raa.
i
WHY NOT SPEND YOUS
SUM^5ER AT HOTEjl DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-60LF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED fitSATS, SUBF
AND POOL BATHING,
OEED ROADS SPECIAL '
TERMS TO FAMILIES
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
niin nil Bat 3 :rrt= * -•* m l —* sovo-
ilVlillfll ?*<*-=: 2H -*tcur» fmia
K K I 1 I la Saa 5-^»=rt3co. S tra^u
II I I ii - ; 7; hzzarloos sata«eaX
U 1 I I U 1 1 "=d ssd b«2aa: hoMt
j «al«n» ta ffrtfni» mi tV.m
I aad apsctacsesta. lafuti nation a: 3. P. Co.
I Baxma. C3 Uarkst *^. Pee** Kxraa. U
I Mcitf emery st.. ar 3. B. WA£d% Bjsaa
Bet Sartssa. Ca!.
iDR. C CX OmOSTSTEX^X/S
> \i rxSHAX. span«C3 at glzsc sxxjcc
I 1T1 ta« besc caaxplac. plcale asd pl«uor* rv-
I sort on tsa coast. Th« $r«asest tvaaiy far
¦ tuas; flyiw. U7«r aad stcsaca »r.^^«firf^
' rheuaatina aad catarrh ta th* wcrld; 44
I mile* fraa 3. F. Ti» S. P. R. E. assi 3. ».
t N. P. H. 2. rt7« saedaX ratoa ts M» t *«i.
: 3O cottij^-s aad testa fsraished; real rtiiwj;
I bo foes aor poisca aaic a: th* park; mtaeni:
watar. boats. harTiTBT aatt Saatar Cri*.' M«aU
served ae Hotst Bfwrstd* at r^ajcnaol* zacaai.
Inaulr- of DB. C. C- CDONTrHTil. «CSea
1021W Uarlut sC. b»C Sixth asd SrwuX Saa
FraaetKak.
Sstal d«Z C»iri«Ttro— GlaaS Bedw^otS
i Grcv«; £r«e CasspiS*. HaaCas. ¦«**-»s; > ~*?ltTTc
boadac daactaz. Ilv«ry itihi-i; int-clui
beard. Samia.'Tto ferry: rocad trta. |3 I\ nsod
»lx r-.imtis. Rates. S3 day. JM ta Stt wn«;
r-daced r»« by the sianta. VUla. Iota far «a_«.
J. J. THTRION-. Prop.. Ca-adwr>. Scacraa «"".<
Cal.. cr Xorth Shcra Ragroad. CS Marks* «C
T«L Mala 343. Ill Clay
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRA\SPOSTATia\ CO.
THE TALLAC.^c^ 335
Car* Earc^eas. ?Tsn»«, e=aiia a=d caCdr«.
4-Mrrtcaa pl*a- Prtces new alawu *a» ta-
t-im take. S«rrtc. acec tcttfrm*. bcata*
!the brocicvvay hotel,
LAKE TAHOS.
f , Eesltl» th« ttsaal atrrmctlcns of * Lai- Tason
I -esc* w>« tav« the csiy hot «prt2ar». th» rsssz
shei^r-d share aad b«C Safctas. FTtAXK B.
. ALVSRiO.V. aixsagar. f
K»»ICTTT FXS3C — A dallglitfsl resort
on jHorss af T j '*-t Tahcs. B«st "^ h»^rr»
i tar bathias ca the Iai«. Tisn Cr CshliEs- aa«t
)Tr-^T-f*'g ta season. Bcaa. flafii^g tackla aad
horses af B3od£rat» hlr«. Races C \ tay or
treis C» to fti per week. P. Ol aad tsisphcas.
• A. L. FROST. Rahi'cca Par*. Laka Tahc«. Cal.
niTCT> D lOV (VViaS cotta«wi; * m2=» fsaa
yttX rAilA. P.^l^^* Tahoe: opea Susm 1:
' f •lenses d77 fset; mts«ral sprlajs. ftwitlf
* Tra-r«icrs* CfSce. 3O Mant^ueaerj as.
; J. B. SCXyrr. Deer Par*. OJ.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
F!saics: boats: excellsax tail*; cfinTiir^ r-r>
' ! feet; IS axllea fronx - Trtacitac. :n aa usbrolrsa
• I rarest. For Information laer^lr* at Traiiiat
' t of2c*. 3O Sfarrtsomery St.. Peek's In^orstatloa
Enrsaa. ar Mrs- H. It. Clasnosa. Tncicmm. CaX.
<?*yyBTT.T. S57 SPZZ3'G3.
Ia Sierra Nevada Muantaiaa. Si?rr» CBaaty.
SuCO faer vUvatua. Ar« Isewect
as th* head af th* srzas s^rra Vailcy. Su
. I mijes tons by 5 =lU*» »td«. «urroundia;5 wama
t la the g—»-*f prlroe»al for«»t of pta* aast Hr a
• 1 specialty t» ma<1i» of th» t*bis. Th« bur *5n3*«
. otunraaled for the ear* «f riteaaaasia.
• ! jou^, liver ¦-*¦* kidney eoaialanr» an<£ All auxxt
• 1 aad. skin diseases. Rita* f=r rocax aad bunt.
¦ i Sit ta ft? :«r week. Bacad trp* rraa --» 1
• I Traaosea t> sprtrTyt Tta. Boca. C* Mt iu<*
- [ dally «xs«at Saaday. wmiwcaag TU4 I |. a.
I tz&S> Cna taa rnr fn^ - - — _
E^nHfeHMi
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITIOX A.VD AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
HANOVER FIREi
INSURANCE COMPANY
a- u. isvs. aas for th» year endinjr on that '
rt'thS's'S? n? *?«,t«««« Co^niiion" I
|^£« &&S£tfS!SS p'otj
< cS B S5SS l M bUak f3ralsilsd
CAPTTALv
Aarost of Capital Stock, paid ap
toCMa tt.O0O.00O 00
ASSSTS.
Real Estate owned by Company . saa» o«^ a*
Loan* en Bocds and Mort£SVs a?m.«
Cash Market Valu« of ansf^ia 3>30O0 °
aad Bonds owned by Ccrnpaav •• r»« -.4. -,
Cash la Ccnipaay's O'Sce " ~ "4-J ?t£ i« !
Ca«h ta Eaaks ""* x»S"~i3 M i
Interest cae aad aecmed oa ill J '~ 13 3 ' |
Stocks aad Loaas «.,„..[
Iaterest due and accrued on Bonds " ' i
and Mort^a«»s ..„
Premiums fn due Ccjjrse of CoTI»c-
Rents dne " aad accrued," '.'.'."I""' 4 ° 8 ' 4- 5 S
Due from other Companies for R«I
insurance oa icsaea already paid. 13,?33 17
Tatal Assets .j4.I04.U0 07
LIABTL1T 1K3 . ~~ ~
Lowes adjosted and oapaid JT.« «43 S3 i
Looses ia process of Adjustment " ¦
cr tn Suspense ...... . 199.211 2~ I
Losses resisted, including expenses. 3i23a 4« ;
Gross pi^miams ca Firs Risks nxa-
ntaK cne year cr less. $2.07*..
106 11; retssuraac* 50 pur ceat..Jl,(SJr 0B3 03
Gross preraiuais aa Flr« Risks nxa-
nin* more than one year. JL-
M1.023«lr relnsniraace pro rata.. L038.2M 33 I
CcmraiJraicns and Brokerage dua
aad to t»"6Be due....... Hnitr* 1 **'
All other LlaiiUties HH Tojsg 2* !
Total UaolEties JZ473..S82 38
I^COTSCE. ~~~
Net cash actaally received far Fire
premiums *2.818.137 «4
Eecei-red for taterest on Bands and
Sfortyajrea « 173 00
Received far Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, aad
from, all other sources.......... 11* T33 "3
Recel7*d for P^nts 25Tc33 14
Tctal Iacome $3,057,733 37
EXPE?iDrnrRES. ~~
Vet amoant p«<d for Fire Loss-*
t including »2«3..T78 »t losses of
previous years) JL2SB.9I4 72
Dividends tn Stockholders 100, 000 00
Paid or allowed for Coxnaslssfon cr
Erckerajpw 337 AZ2 S3
Paid for Salaries. Fees, aad other
charges for efScers. derks. etc . . 214.044 "n
Pai.i for State. Natlcnal aad Local
taxes ........................... 7H«jj
All other payments and expendi-
ture* 2C0.3S328
Total Expenditnrai.. ...I. ...... .52.459.337 02
'Fire.
LOSSES lacnrred dttrtas; the year..J1.3l3.ai. < » 4»
Risks- 4t Premtamstj Fire Risks. 1 PremXuma.
3Tet amouat cf Riskaf
written, durtns; thet
year ..... . }C3.gtflJ*3 6C S4.2S3.743 *3
Net amcunt cf Ri:ik« Jsr
«>ip!re<i durtr.j Ihe JSP- '
year SqMR>,274 43 3.543.C23 73
Net amoaat la forcef 'WF
December ZL. IWEf 4(3,070.374 34? 3,953029 73
CHAELES A. SHAW. President.
JOSEPH McCORD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23Ui
&slj of Jaaiiary. 1304. C. P. SHAW.
Commissioner of Deeds In Xew Tark,
Tuscan!
Mineral Springs.
O7S2T ZTS2ET SAT X3T T3CB TSAS. '
.TO WHO3X IT MAT CO^CSSOiz A y~r aad t
tto» moctia a«9 I wu attacT st_wtti t5*S
w«lal« disease. Iooaactor ataxia* P&w* ta (
"Jjaacei starrt. or «TBa stt do«ra. entlroly lost, j
J^» b««t doctors a? Saa Francisco asd Hot ;
BveUsg*. Ark., failed ta hel? me. My stas- i
ach. bowels aad kldaeys Sailed t» wer*. I bad f
eattixa of «tct=aca head aad bladder a* a r»-
«^it of the £s«aae; ties* trmhies b«caa» I
52"Blc At teaes aty heart wocid beat Ui» * '
«*'>"n. bj #y«s irww w«a^e. aj denary "s*d. j
»y nerves wreciad. Thr»« m^r^ srs* I '»«as I
to Tnscaa Sprtass. What happeaed stac» »a*
a pleasant surprise to axe. Drasit th« wat»rs. j
took ti« baths— «fter tare* weeks' treaxraent
«^sach. bow.jj. bladder aad kldMTs la pe*- t
»«ct eocditian. eye«tghc perfect. Ber»oQsa««« |
««*. memory rood. Aftar thre« months' treat- f
mTOt. walked wtthaot a eaae, wtta eyea dos«4
«M up aad dowa ste«p hllta: aa» carM <rf this 1
«r-«d dlseas«, bow watt with st!*ht Baa?- [
**»»• nia stores la »«Teate«a tawas <rf tS»
stat» ot Calirorala: aat well kaowa ta dowa-
town districts of Saa Francisco: inquiry ta«r» (
win pror» trath of my hei?I«aa ccndlticn thr»« ;
°"»°tha a»a. Farther tatoraiatlaa. lailiT,. 1 —
LCTCI3 JACOBS. 8 Stocktan st. Saa Fasciae*. !
W* aar» lm=!jreds of testtncalals Crani |
others. s«cd SOa ia stauap* for bot£* of I
•tmaacb aad catarra Salts. Ronad-trlp Uc*»ts
•t r-daced ratesw Sonthera Padac
TUSGAM MISEIUL SPHISS3 GGH?.,
Tuscan. Cat.
AguaCaliente
Springs
We ta-r* acMfi aiaay NEW a£tractlcc» to i
ta!a beaatlrsl aad rocaatlc spot; open all taa I
year rsttnd: the nearest Eot Sul^fear 5nrlnc» » '
Saa Francisco, tessperatar* 113 deitig«»; ao !
¦taslnzr Care. SI 10; stirs car* tar rSetnnatlan. ]
¦sthaa and all kindred aHareats. W* hav«» 2r» ;
dl^crent Hot Snishur Sjrj«s; tsh- aad pi-aas-* ;
baths aad the Iar-reat cDaeral water rsrtsia^aff |
' taak la tha State. Taaie aad rccaa ars first i
class. Rates C c*r day. Jl* to Ji* per week, j
Special rates to families and }?»'* rates ta chil- i
drea. Ia<rar» at Peck**, tt Montgomery st..
: or address THEO- RICHARDS. A-r-ia. Caiianta (
Sprljiga. Sonoma. Ccrtnty. California.
W» ii« erected a «ton» tnxildias; arodBTS ;
dlaias-rocm; eaa sea: 4CO roeats.
fvf "Jft 5aa Jose /Tw
/ Stroated ta Veailfln:* Park at 12 £
*¦ acr-a. a. charmlrMf stuanier r-aort; •• '
bod aty and ctjuntry s£avantaff°«; |
iS automobile gara*- on th» gr^cails ia
2 frws to siesta. Ba;hi=g pavllicc. Fw
; j bowliaif alleys, tsaai?. etc New aa- SJ ;
to roati laap of the couaty sxaUetl W
«>9 J - x - B2OOS3. Maaagw. A '
PAMISO SPRINGS !
Montsrey County, CaL
Th» man. vsvula? saaftorr aad s«aICi
rwoit ts CalUOrala. Coiarletsly rsaoratsd
aa£ taprored. No wtada cr tsgm. and jit-
pasaiag-Iy graad atonataia aad -raCay scea.
•ry. Hot scda and solphor >^y*i«. Iarr»
¦wi-rnmtng taak aad exceilest table. Wrtta
for booklet aad particulars to F. W".
SCHHOEDETH. Maaaxer. or PKCK'3 IN- i
FORMATION SUSSjlC, U M3Ot«3SiecT sC
-«— — "^ ——»——> ,'
UA/Il7l7O CO^^'I: ontf 4% hours
; <^ w f^Q Saa jr-aadaa, a^^ [
¦¦^^^"""^ but 9 miles sta_r:=»: w»- J
ters noted for medicinal Tlrtaes: best natural j
; hot mineral water bath ta Stata. FIBST- ;
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; beta '
! niorala* aad aftsracca stages. Eauad trtp !
: fnnxr Saa Fraadsco aaly $5 SOL. Tak» Tlhcraa i
; ferrr dally at 7:5ft a. ex. or 2:30 p. 13. '
Rates tl a day or SX2 a week. Eef sreacea. aay f
griest of the past aia« years. IaformaCao at
Tourist Information. Btrr-aa. 11 Stontsomery
St.. or of J. F. atTTLGREW, Stages. Cai.
| CAMP CURRY I
I G*t creslars a± alt railroad «<**t— — ,_ I
• Advertised by 4G0O saests. *
t YOSEMITE I
t *
LAUREL DELL,
TZta SwiSzcrlaad or aiw^^,
THE KOBSON OKCESSTKA COaCPAJfT
and DK. 3tONEOE CALL^NDER wUl farolsa
the best music eyer played at aay resort ta
the State. Bcatizsr. swlausla?. maftaa taboc- \
gun, mineral springs, oew livery. ESCAa
DCRSAS, owner and proprietar. Laarsl DwU j
P. <X. Lake County. Cat.
LAKE COUNTY
Kew. eomfartahl* carria^ev direct ta ts*
caosc pictrcCTTM portion of CaHforala. Best
«<7Oipp<d sta^e Un» la tha Stat*. Lea-rea CaUs-
tasa. daily (Soadays excspted> at ll:Zi> a. sl»
direct to Harbtn. S«!g!er. fl 4 ir— n. Eawd, A3-
dersoo. Hoberrs. Spiers. Astor^s and Glca-
brookr haif hour far lunch at Cal^toga.; also to
itiii^Irftowa. Lower Laks. E«tser*tII« itI .
Lakaport. IO7«ry ta cccaectiao.
WJt SPIEaa. Frapiletag.
LA HONDA AND PRSCADERO
- Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood f,1j; %
| a. q. train. 3d aad Townsend. aad 9:20 a^m.
I trata from Saa Jasa connect with stages 4£recv
Addsesa T7AI.XE3. S^iXCHT. P.adwccd Cly.
CaL _^ __^^
____,_.___ ilealo Park. ca» aonr fraax
LI II I T T I 0 cit7 ' Nl2 '* K^^" daily. P>r-
HI X tect rtimatr; baaatlTui. pUee:
II W I I 1 U cemfort aad q^Ist; «^*H'fnr
table;
Addres»-sr^3rS3i2DrrH. 3I»r_ BcttTa Schait.
GARDEN CITY SAHTTARIUM.
J»ot a hospital: beat e«iaipped aa Coast: f^rS-
era Insror-cata; IarK« treataisa: raocsa;
Ideal location: 3"^ acres; one **ir*'*r Cranx atr«cx
cars: write tor literature. San Joae. CaL.
DUNCAN SPfflNGS,
TWO THTTi'KS rSO3(£ 30PTJL2TD.
Tine nwdldnal waters. Hard aaisaed hotat.
ExcsQeaC table Baxea 410 to $12 per w«ek.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extsaatvety Lii.i;ruTgJ; new hctel; pi Eathc.
lars« diaiss-rooni. telephoae, haatla«i rta^'i^
¦wtaimiB*;, towllar. 'dartfirtg. all aarasem-nta.
Personal oaaa^taieat. Get Sccilat. 20 Mass-
I tcsaaar street ;.V. JU SI ;CCSNACX Frask
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT ..... ... 423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
zu&tzs vise***.* CESA * BERTHEAU, Manager.
ir?s jirssrsroEs. fCi^Aceata. ~ ALFRED R. GRIM. Assistant ManagerLOS ANGELES. July 27.— Following are the
results of to-day's play in the Southern Call
fornia tennis tournament:
Women's singles— Florence Sutton defeated
2SL"SSJ£ b? S-"Mf 6 - 1: Vlolet Sutton SSS
be" Way. 6-4. 5-7. 6-3; Gorham beat FiiUe£
Gerald Young won the finals in junior singles
from Arthur Cawston, 6-8. 6-3. »iu*ies
Tennis nt J40S Angeles.
A regular meeting of the San Fran
cisco Model Yacht Club was held last
night 'in Unity Hall. The ' ., principal
business was the nominating of officers
for the ensuing year. The attendance
was larger than usual. The following
were placed in nomination for the dif
ferent offices:
Commodore, William B. Collier Jr.;
vice commodore, H. C. London; sec
retary-treasurer, J. E. Genung; meas
urer, L. S. Adams; 1 directors, J. F. Mc-
Cleery, William Hoeckner and John
Bernhard. The election will take
place, on the second Wednesday in
August.
Yachtsmen Nominate Officers.
Racing at Seattle.
T£ B £5£.: W " h - Ju » at
First race, five furlongs— Scorcher won
Judse Napton second. John Boggs third. TlmS'
l:Ul\' 4 . ¦
Second race, six furlongs, sell lne— Trao
1 ; iS^" 11 " BeCOnd - « C &
Clo^dieS. e pe?c 1 urt?rrd L °Tfme VO ;-.42 B i aCk
Fou £5. *£?*• 8lx *? d ' a half furlongs. 'handl-
Fifth race, elx and a half furlongs selling—
Tannhauser won, Sally Goodwin seebnd Hin
doo Princess third. Time 1 :20U
. Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards selling
-Chlleno won, Ultruda second. Cathelio ?hlrd
u Inic*. 1 !i3. ' *
DOMESTIC PORTS.
rORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 27— Schr
fcurue, for Ean Pedro.
Arrived Jaly 27 — Schr Camtno, from Port
uclow; echr J M Colxnan. hence July 13
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed July 27— Stmr UmatiUa,
•r San Fn*nri*co; nmr Tremont, for Ta(v>ma
Passed in July 27— Ger stmr Ramees. from
tattle, for Tacoma. N-*", ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOVER— Arrived July 27— Stmr Pretoria.
nm New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 27— Strar Penn
'lvania from Hamburg; sUnr Teutonic, from
Iverpocl and Qui-cny>.i wn.
Hailed July 27— Stmr Cltta <li Torino for
• Pies and Genoa; etmr Oceanic, for Liver-
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 27— Stmr Frtea-
Jid. rrom Philadelphia. ' *¦««
Kailed July 27— stmr Baltic, for New York
* Queer.atown; etmr Haverford. for Phiia
?!r<hia. via Queenstown.
PALERMO— Sailed July 20— Stmr Citta rfi
>«ilna. for New York. July 27— Stmr Ul
nl«. from New York, for Flume.
LKGH^RN— Sailed July 23— Etmr Syrian,
QUEENBTOWN— Sailed July 27— Stmr Car
itJila, from Liverpool, for New York.
Arrived July 27— etmr Saxonia, frcm Boston
r LIvitd'joI, «nd proceeded.
N'AJ'USP— S&tl«t**i!y 27— Stmr Print Ad>M-
Tt. for New York.
IfONOKONG— Arrived prior to July 27—
mr \'mn<-ttu\cr, via' Yokohama.
JAVA — *i*ll'-d July 27 — Stmr Inverness for
• BMlDVtf, *
? HKmtoirRO-fiallfd July 27— Stmr St
1 fr '".' H '' uth *»"P«"n. tor New York: etmr
*!*#r tVUhrlm II. from Bremen and South
«-;*</t), fur .New York.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
LOS ANGELES, July 27. — Hall waa
an easy mark for Oakland to-day,
while Graham scattered the nine hits
made by Los Angeles through eight
innings. There were spots of bad
fielding by the locals, but this was
partly due to a patched-up field To
man, Ross and Chase being out of
commission. Oakland played a snappy
game and held the locals safe at all
times. Jim;Morley went to San Fran
cisco to-night on league business
Score:
Lcs Angeiiv— | Oakland—
. AB.R. H. P.A. AB R H P A
Bernd, cf 5 O 2 0 0 Fncks, s» 6 f 2' * »
Flood, 2b 4 0 1 0 1 Ganly. rf 5 1 3 10
Fmlth, 3b 2 0 1 3 SJDnlvy. If 4 0 1 4 0
Brash, lb 4 0 0 13 3,Strcib. lb 5 1 1 1? 0
Crvth, rf 4 0 1 4 llKrugr. cf 6 0 2 4 1
Baum, If 3 0 10 OtDvux, 8b 4 1 2 0 2
Whelr, ss 4 0 O 3 4!M f Kn. 2b 4 1 0 0 5
Spies, c 3 1 1 4 2jByrns, c 4 1 1 5 1
Hall, p 3 0 1 0 3Grhm. p 4 \< 2 0 3
•Eager -10 10 0[ .
Totals^ Tl 27 u( T0UUS - 4 ° 71427 > U
•Batted for Hall in ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. : ''-
Los Angeles 00000000 1 1
Base bits.. 1 11 1 1 oil ¦>_ A
Oakland 20 0 0 O 0 1 4 0 7
Base hits & 1 1 0 0 0 2' 3&! 14
SUMMARY. *;
Errors — Cravath, Baum, Wheeler Hall
Francke, 2. Two-base hits— Barnard, Francks'
Graham. Spies. Sacrifice hits— Dunleavy'
Flood. Smith. Baum. First base on errors—
Loa Angeles. 2; Oakland 1. Left on base»—
Los Angeles. 0; Oakland, S 7. Bases on balls
Off Graham, 2. Struck out — By Hall "• by
Graham, 2. Double plays— McKune to Francks,
to Strelb; Kruger to Francka to Strelb. Time
of game— One hour and fifty minutea. Um
pire—Brown. t
Oakland Batsmen Land on the Angel
Twlrler and Win.
HALL AN EASY MARK.
Tke Swedish-American Whist Club
Thor" will give its second dance
1 Scandia Hall, 161 City Hall avenue,
n Saturday evening, August 13. The
ist affair proved a success.
Whist Club Will Entertain.
Ladles' Day Champion Stake — Richard An
ton vs. Rector; McVey vs. Barge; The Referee
vs. Pocatelli; Charter Member vs. Tom King.
The Ladles' Day Champion stake
will be the feature event on Sunday's
card at Union Coursing Park. Eight
greyhounds are carded to start. A
fifty-six dog open stake will complete
the programme. The draw last night'
resulted as follows:
Duhallow va. Balendine; Texas Ginger vs.
Melllnwood; Rapid Water vs. Sea Lion: Scm
pronius vp. J,R; Advance Guard D R; Sli
ver Cloud vs. Laughing Water; Hudson vs.
Mickey Fr.ee; Renegude Apache vs. Texas Hoo
Hoo; In Time vs. Free From Flaw; Fancy
Free vs. Silver Heels; Friendless Boy vs. Belle
Marie; J E H vs. Sylvester; Rocker Arm vs.
Idleness; Qulta vs. Little Dainty; Racing Auto
vs. Honest John ; Tuxas Betty vs. ¦ Cubanola ;
Rural Artlt»t vs. Gambit; Daisy Rocket vs.
Conroy; False Alarm vs. Amandan; Blaze vs.
Raby Aurora; . Texas Mamie vs. Jack Doe;
Haphaiard vs. Palo Alto; Texas Jim vs. Old
Ironsides; Texas Jill vs. Mi Amigo; Galveston
va. Angus Clsstis; Rolling Boer vs. Tillle R;
PaRllaccl vs. Rich- Argosy; Rose of Gold vs.
Roman Athlete. :
Pocatelli, Barge, Richard Anton, Mc-
Vey. Rector, Tom King and
Other Flyers Entered.
Fourth race— Ort Wells. St Valen
tine, Knight Errant
Fifth race— Cloverland, Conklinc
Major Daingerfleld.
Sixth race— Long: Days, Gotowin,
3Iiss Modesty.
Condition of track— Heavy.
By the New York Mornin* Telegraph.
First race — Emergency, Dapple
Gold, Merry Moments.
Second race^ — Maiden, Mystic Shrin
er. Ten Candles.
Tliird race— Ismaillan, Diamond
Flush, Bella Sicnora,
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
CHAMPION HOUNDS TO MEET
IN THE LADIES' DAY STAKE
The annual picnic and outing of the
Emerald Glee Club will be held at El
-ampo next Sunday. A varied pro
rramme has been arranged, consisting
•f all kinds of games and athletic
vents. Special boats will leave Wash
ngton-street wharf at 11 a. m. and
! d. m.
Emerald Glee Club's Picnic
Commercial Law League of America
Selects California for Holdinc
Convention in 1905.
Assistant General Passenger Agent
Hosburgh of the Southern Pacific
Company yesterday received a tele
gram to the effect that the Commer
cial Law League of America, now in
session in tho East, had selected Mon
terey as its meeting place next year.
The message came from H. G. "W.
Dinkelspiel, the well-known local at
torney, who is California's delegate to
the Eastern meeting. ;
The convention of the lawmakers in
this State will take place in June,
next year, and is expected to be at
tended by about 1000 delegates and
members of their families. During the
same month the American Association
of Surgeons will hold its annual con
vention in this city.
In consequence the railroad com
pany is expecting. a large number of
people here who will take advantage
of the special rate which will be fixed
foi the westbound travelers.
Receiver Still Stays.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday denied
th* motion of the Pacific States Mer
cantile Company to discharge Thomas
Quinn. the receiver. The court grant
ed the motion for leave to file
an amended complaint in the case
of Hobson against the company.
Hobson represents 374 contracts held
by Chinese, who believe that they are
victims of a get-rich-quick scheme.
The amended complaint is awaited
with interest
SACRAMENTO. July 27.— Acting Governor
Aldun Anderson to-day granted Thomas Grif
fin, who had served five years in San Quentia
Prisca. a oardon. Griffln was released In 1901.
but was not restored to citizenship, and ths
issuance of the pardon to-day was a formality
followed to cover the oversight.
NEW YORK, July 27. — After an
lil-d4y. conference between his coun
el and representatives of the Circuit
Ittorney's office at St. Louis, John J.
lyan. the turfman, who was arrested
.t Brighton Beach racetrack yester
lay on a charge of grand larceny to
ne amount of $800,000, to-day con
*nted to return to St Louis in cus
ody without further protest
Ryan Will Return to St. Louis.
First race— Proprietor, Ethel Day,
Rathskeller.
Second race- — Exclamation, Orfeo,
Olympian.
Third race — Flaxman, Prince Bru
tus, Miss Inez.
Fourth race — Telephone, Durbar,
Apple.
Fifth race — Major Mansir,, Ross
mond, Valeat.
Sixth race — Port Royal, Ahola,
Beau Ormonde.
Condition of track— Heavy.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
LAWYERS TO MEET IX
>v MONTEREY NEXT YEAR
NATIONAL LEAGUE. '"".-•
PITTSBUUG. July 27. —Pittsburg made only
on<- hit up' to the eighth* inning, when three
hits and an error gave them the only chance
they had during the game to win and then
they failed. Attendance, 2C00. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4 6 1
St. Louis :..... 5 10 1
Eatterles —Lynch and Carrlsch;-O"Nell and
Grady. Umpire—Einslie. ,
BOSTON, July 27.—Hard and timely batting,
coupled with errors, gave Boston a victory to
day. Attendance, 250.' Score:
K. H. E.
Boston K 13 I 1
Philadelphia . ..5 9 .'. 2
Batteries —Wllhelm and Needham; Sparks,
Fraser and Roth. • Umplre-^-Carpcnter.
CHICAGO, July. 2TWThe Chicago-Cincinnati
game was postponed cAjfcount ot rain.
Thlelmaii Remains^V'ith Portland.'
CINCINNATI, July 27.—The Na
tional Baseball Commission handed
down a decision to-day, that Player
John Thielman, now with Portland,
in the Pacific Coast League, belongs
with that club. The St. Louis Na
tional League club had protested
against Thielman's playing with Port
land, asserting he signed a contract
with St Louis. The commission de
cided he signed with Portland prior
txi his elgnine .with St. Louis* • •>
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, July 27.— Waddell shut
out Detroit with ease to-day. Attendance,
4KK). Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 0 6. O
Philadelphia 5 12 1
Batteries — Stbvall, Wood and Drill; Waddell
and Schreck.
BOSTON, July 27. — Boston defeated Chicago
in an excellent ten-innlne game to-day. At
ter.dance, 730O. Score:
S R. H. E.
Bof-ton 2 9 1
Chicago ; I 7 2
Batteries — Young and Criger; Smith and Mc-
Farland.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Honors were even
to-day In the double-header between Wash
ington and Cleveland, the locals winning the
first, while the second went to the visitors.
Attendance, 4500. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Washington 3 7 2
Cleveland 2 4 1
Eatterles — Patten and Clark; Donahue and
Bcmlg.
Second game — R. H. E.
Washington 0 9 1
Cleveland 7 13 0
Batteries — Townsend and Kittredge; Bern
hard and Abbott.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Ptt.
New York... 59 23 .720 Boston 52 31 .626
Chicago i r»0 32 .610 Chicago 51 35 K>:i
Cincinnati ..51 34 .600 New York. . .47 33 .588
PUlsburg ...45 35 .5«3 Cleveland ...45 34 .570
SL Louis 46 37 .551 Philadelphta..43 38 .531
Brooklyn 31 5t> .35U St. Louis 34 42 .448
Boston . . 31 50 .356 Detroit 33 4!» .402
Philadelphia.. 21 til .256. Washington.. 17 62 .215
Boston Champions Take Chicago Into
Camp in a Well Played Ten-
Innins Game.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
DETROIT STARS HELPLESS
BEFORE THE ONLY "RUBE"
Sixth race, five furlongs — Merry Lassie 10"i
Gotowin 104. Miss Modesty 104, Bonnie Aen«
l ( ?'.' l ; he ~ VeiIed Lady 102 ' BeI '« Dlxon lof
Virginia Francis 99, Rare Music 90. Halcyon
Days 99 Woolnola 09. Flavor 99. Meadows^
Italy 1 Poly lt RB VB W ' FaIry Reveller «S
Fifth race, one and pne-fourth miles, handi
cap—Major Daingerfleld 126. Cloverlandioi
Eusenia Burch 119, Keynote 1W Pat mb earer
102. Brigand 99. Lady Potentate. 09 April
Shower 96, Lord Melbourne 90 -. Conklinc 90
enfry n ) >earer aDd Lady PotenUlte Thomas
Fourth race, one and one-eighth miles the
Iroquois stakes— Knight Errant 126, Ort Wells
126, Gold Saint 111. Pentaur 111 St Vale"
Third race, six furlongs— Torchello 114
Diamond Flush 109, Buttling: 107, Invader 107
Fiat 102, Sailor Boy 102. Brushwood F 1 02 Be»a
of g w£ton* w™ 10 * °°' lEmall '°n 09. Knight
Second race, short course, steeDlechase
Mystic Shrlner 153. Ten Candles 150 Mafden
J*£ f 7 K am P lan 4» 136 » Phltaa Paxton i 4 5. Trek
J.J-. 4*1 b ret to 130.
First race, six furlongs — Hlndred 114
Mart Mullen 113. Kilogram 113, Old England
X }1- , Kln ,K Pepper 110. All Right 105. Cana
joharle 104. Emergency 89, Piquet 99, Orls
kany, 9i. Inquisitive Olrl 97, Hippocrates 94
Dapple Gold «4. Fickle VI. Merry Momenta 92
NEW YORK, July 27. — Knight Er
rant and Ort Wells have been as
signed top weight, 126 pounds, in the
Iroquois stakes to be decided to-mor
row at Brighton Beach. The day's
entr'es:
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
The inquest on the body of Patrick
Hayes, a young teamster, yesterday
developed the fact that his death fol
lowed almost immediately after he
had brutally treated a horse.
Hayes wag riding the animal on
July 6 on Harrison street, near Twen
ty-second. The horse shied at some
thing in the road and Hayes, beinsc
angry, dismounted and kicked the an
imal several times on the abdomen.
Just as a Southern Pacific train was
approaching the frightened animal
gave his head a sudden jerk, throwing
Hayes across the rails, where he waa
immediately mangled under the
wheels of the train.
The jury returned a -verdict that
Hayes* death waa the result of an ac
cident.
While Cruelly Abusing Frightened
Horse He Is Run Down by
Railway Train.
STRANGE MANNER OF
YOUNG HAYES* DEATH
First race — Lady Lou. Leila Hunter,
Oman J.
Second race^ — Mindora, Carlcy's
Dream, Crescenton.
Third race — Monaco Maid, Fny
Templcton, Fruit.
Fourth race-^-Goo Goo, Boaster, Co
nundrum.
FlftU race— My Eleanor, Monogram,
Abelard.
Sixth race — Athena, Pourquoi Pas,
Kinc's Charm.
Condition of track — Heavy.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
.Errors — Hogan, McCreedie. Struck out— By
Overall 4. by Roach 2. Bases on balls— By
Overall 2. Two-base hits— Ea^an, Lynch
Doyle. Home runs— Eagan. Beck, Earned
runs— Tacoma 3. Portland 1. Sacrifice hits—
Doyle. Eacan, Lynch. Overall. Double plays—
Eaean to Casey to Hogan. Left on bases—
Tacoma 5. Portland 4. Time of game— 1 hour
and 00 minutes. Umpires— O'Ctmnell and Me-
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Tacoma 0 1 1 l 0 1 0 0 r 4
Ease hits 02221201 x— 10
Portland 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 2
Base hits 02 101011 0 6
SUMMARY.
AB.R. H. P. A. I AB.R. H. P. A.
Doyle.rf . 3 0 13 0 Raymd.s 4 0 2 2 4
Sh«>hn.3b 4 0 0 2 2 McCde.rf 4 0 0 10
McL.in.lf 4 0 1 2 « Thlmn,cf 3 0 0 11
Kagan,s. 3 3 3 0 2 Beck.lb.. 4 1 2 12 0
Lynch.cf 3 0 13 0 Nadau.lf 4 0 0 2 0
Casey,2b. 4 0 0 2 SjShaw,3b. 2 0 111
Hogan.lb 3 0 2 10 0 Shea,c... 2 0 0 10
Orahm.c. 3 115 1 Castro, 2b 2 10 3 1
Overall,? 2 0 10 0 Stlm.c.Sb 3 0 111
Roach.p. 3 0 0 0 6
Totals. 29 4 10 27 10 • _
' Totals. 31 2 6 24 14
TACOMA, July 27. — In a fast game
the champions again outplayed Dug
dale's men, batting Roach when
hits were needed. Overall- was
effective, Beck's home run being
the only extra basehit made off
him. In the fifth Castro got a pass
and Overall tried to catch him at first.
Hcgan lost the ball and the runner
scored from third on Steelman's short
single. Eagan did the best batting,
getting a home run, a double and
single. The other runs were brought
in on timely batting by Lynch, Doyle,
Graham and Hogan, assisted by Mc-
Creedie's error in letting Hogan's hit
pass him. Dugdale tried out Shaw
from the Centralia team, but he was
replaced by Steelman, Shea going In
behind the bat. Drennan is still ill
and unable to play. Score:
Tacoma— i Portland—
Well Backed Up by the Champions
He Easily Puzzles Portland.
OVERALL TROVES EFFECTIVE.
Sixth race, one mile, handicap— Dalvay 97.
Aliola 105, Beau Ormonde 112. Port Royal 113.
First race, five furlonpa — Sis Lee 108. The
Englishman 111. The Gadfly 111. J. B. Smltb,
111, Rathskeller 111. Waddell II 111, Rather
Royal 111. Dryan 111, Colonel Ruppert 111.
Janeta 112. Ethel Day 112. Tom Shelly 115,
Little Mirthful 113. Proprietor 118.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Dun
gannon 0T», Watermelon 97, Baywood 09. Marco
101, Safeguard 101, Exclamation 102, Bill
Massle 103, The Forum 104, Pearl Diver 104,
Orteo 100, Olympian 111.
Third race, five and a -half furlongs, the
Competition stakes — Devout 108 Gold Enamel
114. Michael Byrnes 114, Prince Brutus 114.
FlHxman 118. La Londe 122, Miss Inez 122,
John Smulski 122. Kurt2man 125. -<MIss Inez
and John Smulski, Ellison entry.)
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Sweetie 05,
Freckman 00, Polk Miller 06. Telephone 90,
Durbar 09, Jim Tyrell 101, Apple. 103, Cohasset
104, San Remo 104, Langford James 104,
Prince of PilBen 104, Redman 105, Wenrick 107.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling
— John McGurk 101. Major Mansir 101 Tom
Hall 102. Valeat 102. Wing Dance 104. Ross
rr.onil 105.
CHICAGO, July 27. — Print:* Brutus
is rniong the en.rlf>3 in the Competi
tion stakes to be decided tp-morrow
at Hawthorne. The day's entries:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Stolen base — Williams. Errors — Irwin, Town
send, Andereon. R. Hall. Mohler, Frisk. Three
base hit — Van Haltren. Two-base hits — Van
Haltren. Smith, Mohler. Sacrifice hits—Wil
liams, Townsend, Frisk, R. Hall, Smith. First
base on errors— San Francieco, 3; Seattle, 2.
First base on called ball*— Off Knell, 2. Left
en bases— San Francisco. 6: Seattle, 10.
Struck out— By Knell. .1; by Hall. 2. Hit by
pltchei- — Frisk. Time of game — One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
SUMMARY,
Seattle 0 1 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 — 6
Ha*e hits 0 1341102 1 — 13
San Francisco... 00000100 0 — 1
Baee hits 10000210 2—6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
i If the San Francisco ball team pos
i sessed a little more class It might win
against Seattle once in a while, but for
i the present, at least, there is no
chance. Any one who went to the
Eighth-street lot yesterday could see
that. It was an awful beating — even
/vorse in reality than it looks on paper.
Score 6 to 1.
Sir. Knell did the honors on the home
slab and he had nothing that the St
washes could not wallop. While the
walloping was in progress Mr. Knell's
supporters developed an erratic streak,
consequently the game was rent asun
der in a couple of innings.
Charlie Hall had 'em all swinging
their heads off and knocking up pop
flies chierty. It was lucky for the home
team that one run was eased ovvr.
This came on two errors and a hit in
the sixth round. Before an>l after that
time Uncle's collection never had a
look-in and they seemed to know It
only too well.
Seattle started by gathering in a run
in the second. Three more were added
in the third on good hitting. The big
sensation was pulled oft during round
four when Cy To»vnsend allowed Wil
son to land on his error. Then Hall
batted one out to right and Wilson
ran around as far as third.
Hall started for second on the throw
and Irwfn winged to Anderson to stop
him. Andys mitts were slippery and
the ball would not stop. Wilson came
in and after that one hit followed an
other till three registered in all and it
was settled for fair. The score:
San Francisco — Seattle —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
Wldn. cf 4 0 1 10 VHltn, ct 4 2 'Z 5 0
Hldbd. If 4 0 1 2 1 Mhler, 2b 5 1 3 6 3
Ueoay, rf 4 O 0 O 1 Dlhty, 3b & O 4 2 3
Irwin, Cb 4 0 1 0 4 Frisk, If 3 1 0 4 0
Tnsd. lb 3 0 1 13 1 Wlms, lb 4 0 1 6 1
Miller. 2b 4 0 1 3 4 Smith, rf 4 0 1 2 0
Andrsn, e 4 0 12 llR.Hall, s 3 0 0 12
Leahy, c 4 1 0 S l|wilsn, c 4 1 1 2 1
Knell, p 3 O 0 1 CC. Hall, p 4 1 1 0 0
Totals. 34 16 2" 19| Totals. 36 6 13 27 16
2:25 cUes, pacing, purse $15o0. three in five
leati — Eudora won tbree straight beats in
!:10\, 2:13%i. 2:121;. McEurie. Joe Grattan
Bonarc-h Chimes. William M, Starch aad Win
lie Kir.r .also started.
2:14 class, trotting, purse $1500. three in
Ive heats— Sweet Marie won, three stralcht
•rats in 2:10. 2:10>4. 2:10^. Antfola Wild
K llton. Direct View. Joymaier. Hal Fry
s>lla Jay and Gold Bag also started.
2:10 class, trotting;. pur» e $1500, two In three
•*ct« — Dr. Strong won the second and third
i-ats in 2:O9ii. 2:10',;. Judge Green won
te first heat m 2:09. The Koman, Norrle,
Vihn Taylor, Lady Gall Hamilton, Robert Mac
|ueen Wilkes and Tcpsy also started.
2:0» cUm, pacing, purse $2000, two in three
tfeis— J-ohn M wen two straight heats in
1:07. 2:ut>U- King Direct. Gallagher. Al Bock
ind Red Bird also started.
DETROIT, Mich., July 27.— Rain
threatened seriously to interfere with
:he third day's grand circuit racing
:o-day at the Grosse Pointe track. The
5rst event was delayed half an hour
ind then the programme waa started
*ith a drizzling rain falling. The
leather cleared, however, and the
»000 persons in attendance saw three
favorites finish first and Lou Dillon
sreak the track record of 2:05 by one
«econd. Lou Dillon made the first
luarter in :30U, the half In 1:01 and
iie three-quarters In 1:32^. Sum
nary:
The race for buggy horses went easily
to Dr! Colestock> Joe J. Chadburne. a
nne-armod man dr«ve Hattie C, a fam
ily be-irloom, in the first heal. The driver
was plucky, hut Hattie, though she
might have done pood work when Noah
held her reigns, is about all in. The
grandstand was thronged with Cali
fornia beauty, and many prominent
men attended the meeting. The betting
w«5 lipht. Summary:
Pacir.p. 2:2'* claRs. purse $1000, mile heatf.
b^t thret in five: First heat — won by Billy
Red «J. D. Springer). Hattie Crcner (Bupch)
perond. Th- Mr*. (C. Whiuheadi third; lime,
2:15. Second heat— Won by Hilly Red, Hat
tit Croner second. Tom Carneal (Trefrey)
third; time. 2:12Vi. Third heat — Won by Billy
R«n1. <"«va!ier (w, <i. l>urfee) fecond. Tom
Carneal third; lime. 2:15. " Winner first money.
}5:!!y Red; second, Hattie Croner; third, Tom-
Carneal.
Second race, trotting. 2:20 class, purse' $500,
mile h>ats. best three, in five: Firrt heat —
Won by Walter TYilkes. <Grocm). The Trotter
(Juddt second. Morocco (Miner) third; time,
l':15>,. 8eQpnd heat — Won by Reta H (Dur
lee). Walter Wilkes second. Lady Madi?on
third: time. 2:15»a. Third heat — Won by Reta
H. Walter YVllke* Fecond. I^ady Madison third;
time. 2:16. Fourth heat — Won by Reta H,
Lady Madifon second The Trotter third; time
2:16. . •
Third race, bugffy horse* owned in Pleas
anton and Murray townships, purse $100:
Firm heat — Won by Joe (Dr. Colestock), Hattie
C <J. Chadbourne) second, George J (George
Johnson) third; time. 2:32. Second heat — Won
by Joe. Hattie C second; time, 2::J2'j
LOU DILLON'S FAST MILE
The trotting race went- to W. G. Dur
fee's plucky little mare, Reta H. She
vv?^ formerly a pacer with a record of
Z.n 1 !. Walter Wilkes was a 16 to 10
favorite in this race until Reta walked
away from him. In the deci3ing heat
Ilcta was offered against the field with
no takers.
Th^ first attempt at a start was full
of oxcitcment. Mildred O. which has a
temper l!Ke a. fish \yife, kicked left and
riqht. Dr. J, with a similar disposition,
tried to stand <»n one foot and sign his
Kx with his fore feet. He collided with
the had tempered mare and threw both
drivers and mixed for a few minutes
in a tanirle of sulkies and horses. They
escaped serious Injury by a miracle.
Dr. J was then drawn. Mildred O be
«ame entangled in her hopples early in
the first heat and was distanced.
Specisl D!*ralch to The Call
PLEASANTON, July 27. — In the
pacing rave of the Pleasanton Fair and
Raang Association, which auspiciously
opened the California circuit to-day,
J. D." Springer's Billy lied led a big field
under the wtre in three straight heats.
Before the pacers were started It was
t ven money on Billy Red against the
li«ld •with few takers. After the first
heat nu one would bet a gum drop to
a diamond against Springer's fleet bay
hon=e. .;*:¦£*!
Battling Nelson spent a quiet day at
his training quarters at Larkspur. He
took a long walk through Larkspur
Canyon in the morning and returned
perspiring freely. He spent the greater
part of the afternoon writing letters,
although he. was In the gymnasium for
a brief spell. Nelson will leave Lark
spur late to-morrow afternoon and will
go direct to the Baldwin Theater- to
weigh in. He will spend the remaining
few hours before the battle at a down
town hotel. Nelson's seconds will be
Ted Murphy, Frank Newhouse, Dan
Danzlger and Frank Rafael.
Toby Irwin will be the fourth man in
Hanlon's corner to-morrow night. The
others will be Billy Delaney, McDon
ald and Fred Landers. Irwin Is to
meet Jack Cordell In one of the pre
liminary events.
Hanlon took life easy yesterday tn
Alameda, going out for a stroll in the
morning and doing bag punching . in
the afternoon. He showed he had
force behind his swings by breaking
the fastenings of his punching bag
twice.
There is so much Hanlon money in
sight that the present odd3 of 10 to 7
will probably go to 10 to 6 before the
men enter the ring. Hanlon's admirers
are enthusiastic over his condition and
at the improvement he shows over his
previous form.
He has reached the "drying out"
stage in his preparation. He Is at
weight and to-day will do nothing but
take an easy five-mile walk after
breakfast and another shorter Journey
in the evening. Trainer Frank Mc-
Donald is thoroughly satisfied with
Hanlon's condition and those who hav»
watched Eddie in his work are well
pleased with the way McDonald has
fitted Eddie for to-morrow night's
event. Billy Delaney. the veteran
coacher of pugilists, regards McDonald
as the pick of the youns trainers and
asserts that if Hanlon adds Nelson's
scalp to his belt he will have much for
which to thank McDonald. Of the last
eight boxers McDonald has trained for
ring battles seven were returned win
ners.
The rival 130-pounders will weigh in
on the Baldwin Theater Btage, where
five hundred spectators can be accom
modated. The sale of seats commenced
yesterday and was satisfactory to the
club management.
In addition to the his fight there will
be two preliminaries of unusual merit.
Toby Irwin and Jack CordeU will meet
in what is scheduled for a flfteen-round
bout. Zubrick. an Eastern boxer, and
Kid Williams of Stockton will meet in
a ten-round affair. They, will weigh
about 145 pounds each. Williams has
beaten the Dixie Kid, which shows hl»
class.
Billy Roach, the New York sporting
man. who is maktng his home here,
will referee the Hanlon-Nelson fight,
which will be held to-morrow night in
Woodward's Pavilion. His was the only
name mentioned, the representatives
of the boxers agreeing upon him at
once.
Round 6 — Neil sent three lefts to the Jaw
which shook McGovern. The latter came back
with a hard right to the wind and a left hook
to the neck. Nell drove a left to the Jaw and
a right to the ear. McGovern missed a hard
right swing which carried him half way acro.^
the ring. Before he could get set Neil was in
with a left to the chin. McGovern missed a
right and left to the head and they rushed to
a cilnch. Neil kept jabbing McGovern as they
broke away and had the tatter's face as red
as a lobster. Both boys were tired when the
gong sounded. Nell from his exertions In trying
to knock McGovern out and the latter from the
severe punishment he was receiving.
Round 6 — Both boys came up quickly and
Nell again drove his left to the wind. They
clinched and Neil looked over McGovern' a
shoulder and said to Terry, the latter' 3
brother: "He's a hard kid, Terry." When
they broke away Neil rushed McGovern across
the ring and landed left and right to the Jaw.
McGovern got In a good right to the wind and
a left to tfie ear, but Neil only shook his head
and rushed in with a terrible right to the
wind. McGovern's hands dropped to his waist
and Nell sent In a stiff left to the Jaw. Neil
had McGovern in a neutral corner hanging on
to avoid punishment as 1 the gong rang.
Round . 4— Neil ruehed and landed left and
right to the face. McGovern uppercut with a
vicious right and they clinched. In. the break
Neil landed a left uppercut to the Jaw and a
right to the heart. McGovern kept right after
Neil, but nearly all of his rushes were wild.
Neil landed a hard left to the ear and sent two
rights to the Jaw without a return. Neil's su
periority was apparent In this round, and when
the gong sounded McGovern was s>haky.
th?^. n( ?. X ~ £*' eil ru »hed and landed a left on
Vnrvl! brought his glove up to the Jaw.
wind a 1^ co u untered *'*th a light left to the
bMk»°.i v?1? . th « b0 J r> Pinched. In the
icr?ut V \ nded on the 3aw - McGovern up-
Br£ki n°i 'J 16 chln - Nel1 «tralghtened the
h»rv£? - r ° Ve * rl * ht to the face, and then
r.^ht , & ?K ay -. Nel1 ""hed m with left and
right to the. face and McGovern covered up.
right toTh 5 "j unded Nel1 drove a hard left *n d
Round 2— Both boys rushed to the center of
the ring and began to pummel each other in a
vicious manner. Nell was the first to land.
He drove a left to the face and In the break
away put his right to the wind. McGovern
uppercut with his right and they clinched Mc-
Oovern sent a hard right to the Jaw, but Neil
smiled and winked at his father who was
standing near his comer. Nell landed a hard
•eft to the jaw and they clinched. McGovern
uipercut as they broke away acd Nell drove
his right to the stomach before McGovern
could get away. They clinched and when Mc-
Govern stepped back he received a vicious right
to the wind. McGovern rushed, but was met
with a straight left. He rushed again and
landed a hard right to the Jaw which shook
Neil's head. They were clinching 1 at the bell.
Round 3— Neil rushed and landed a left to
the face and missed a similar blow a second
later. McGovern drove his right to the Jaw
and . left to the wind. Nell rushed In and
while hanging with his head on McGovern's
shoulder uppercut the latter three times in
(succession without a return. This method of
fighting seemed to disconcert McGovern and
his endeavors to cover when Neil waa fighting
In this way .were futile. McGovern drove a
left to the wind as they broke ground and
missed a right for th« Jaw. Neil stepped in
with a hard left counter, which drove Mc-
Govern's head back.
PHILADELPHIA. July 27.— Frankie
Neil of San Francisco, bantam-weight
champion of the world, clearly out
fought Hughey McGovern of Brooklyn
to-night at the National Athletic Club.
The fight throughout was the most
vicious ever witnessed in Philadelphia
between little men. There was scarce
ly a second during the six rounds that
the boys were not in action. At the
clos«o£ the sixth round McGovern was
almost out and was hanging on to Neil
to avoid punishment. McGovern drew
blood from the Californian's noae in
the second round and opened a gash
in his left cheek in the succeed
ing round. Neil cut a gash in
McGovern's cheek in the fifth
round. Toward the close of the round
McGovern was shaky on his feet. Neil's
seconds were Bobby Deady. Johnny
Loftus, Kid Howard and Tim Callahan.
while Sam Harris, Danny Dougherty,
Whitey Lester and Joe Humphreys
looked after McGovern. Both boys
were under the required weight of 118
pounds.
W. L. Pct.l W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ... 2 0 .1000 Lou Angeles. 1 1 .WO
Seattle 2 0 .1000 San Fran... 0 2 .000
Oakland 1 1 .600 Portland 0 2 .000
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
fPaeific Coast League.)
"Terrible TerryV" Brother
Is Hanging on to Avoid
Punishment at the End
Are Able to Secure Needed
Rest, as the Test of the
Scales Will Be Easily Met
Hall Makes theHome Talent
Look Helpless and Toys
With Them Till the End
After Losing the First Heat
*JSke Then Finishes in the
Lead in the Next Three
FIGHT FIERCELY WAGED
PHIL KNELL GETS HIS
BOXERS ABE AT WEIGHT
BETA II WINS THE TROT
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards sell
ing — Billy Moore 104, Hook Se Oka 102. king's
Charm 97. The Bugaboo 96, Athena 95. Sam
Stevens 89, Alcom R 89, Pourquol Pas 101.
Fourth race, one mile and three furlongs,
selling — Boaster 104. Compass 104, Conundrum
101. Goo Goo 90, Elie 90.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling:— Escobosa
109. Mellwood 100. Franco 107, Monogram 106.
De Grammont 100, Tim Hurst 104, Preventa
tlve 104. My Eleanor 103, Anlmos 101. Little
Harry 101. Abelard 101, Pique 101, Renais
sance 08. *
First race, five furlongs, selling— Tommy
O'Hara 10*1. Mrs. Jack. Dolan 104, Aten 103.
De Vlnce 101. Pharmacy OS, Voltage 93, Berate
Brasneld 93. Lady Lou 93 Leila Hunter 93, Fay
Sharp 93. Omah J 93.
Second race, six furlongs, .selling — Cash Boy
117, William F 116. Second Choice 116, Chorus
Boy 116, Whiskers 116. Crescenton 114, St.
Vltus 114. Extol 112. Mlndora 112. Miracle II
112, R. Q. Smith 111, Carle/s Dream 109. La
cachee 109, Little Corker 100.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Lady
Mercury 107. Monaco_MaId 107. Mabel Slmms
107, Torbula 107. Picture Hat 103, Opinion 103,
Fruit 99. Fay Templeton 99.
ST. LOUIS. July 27. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at th.2 l-a<r
Grounds follow:
ST. LOUIS ENTKTKS.
Time, 1:19. i Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Chinn & Forsyth's b. c. (3) by Mars-
Owlet. - Stumptown 103, Bensonhurst 107,
Tally H 107, Erema 100, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; threeryear-olda
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Harfanp, W) (McL'gh'n) 7 3 us 1 ns
10 to 1— Atlas, S!J (Rice) 3 12 2 1
8 to 1— King Rose, 100 (Cocolo) 5 5 2 3 10
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards:
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Dr. Kler. 108 (McLaug'n) 112 12
ft to 1 — Ray, 100 (Foley) 4 2 2 2 ns
11 to B — Gan Lighter, 111 (Sedar). 2 4231
Time, 1:50. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, P. M. CivIU's br. h. (4) by Lamplighter-
Florence M. Baly Hall 102. Dr. Hart 104,
Sting 108, Lee King 104, Ada X 102, nnlshed
as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up: .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. • St. V Fin.
3 to 2— Falkland, 100 (Hennesy) 4 3 20 1 5
10 to 1— Byron Rose, 03 (Wilson) 3 2 ns 2 4
4 to 1— Orient. 65 (H. Walsh).. 2 1 2 3 20
Time, 1:63 Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. J. Houck's b. c (3) by Falsetto-
Fright. Sambo 107, also ran; Ancke 97, fell.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1 — Arlence. 95 (Howell) 1 1 11 1 l(i
1 to 3— A. Oldham. 112 (Troxler) 5 2 2 2 n
0 to 1— F. Templeton.00 (McLgn) 2 3 4 3 8
Time, :57«4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. M. A. Lawson's br f. (2) by
Water Level-Vigibette. Hilona 00, Edith May
90, Angleta 99. Harlequin 98, Loyal Street 95,
nnlshed as named.
Time. 1:18%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Durkee'3 br. f. (3) by Brutus-
Miowera. W. P. Palmer 102. Potter 105, Bag
gerly 102. Walterln 105, Kilo 107, Mohave 105,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds : |
Betting. Horn?, Weight,, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Metlakatla, 105 (Foley) . . 3 2 1 1 %
d to 1— Ouclou. 105 (Vanderbout) 2 3 2 2 1
3 to 1 — T. Shandy. 107 (TroxlerK 4 1 n 3 2
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. % Fin.
1 to 2-7-Darthula, 105 (Austin)... 4 1 A 1 2
00 tol— D. Stahl. 105 (VVilllanu). (5 30 2 1
7 to 1— His Worship. 105 (Dean). 2 2 Vi « 7
Time. l:O4»i. Start good for all but Mamie
Thorpe, which was left. Won easily. Win
ner, W. AL Hayes' ch. f. (2) by Pirate of
Penzance-Deception. The Cook 105, Trlxie
White 105. Mamie Thorpe 105, Sweet Swaar
105. The Only Way 108, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS. July 27.— Ancke fell when
about to win the Fair Grounds feature
race to-dayand Falkland came on win
ning easily. The track was heavy. The
weather was clear and the attendance
6000. Summary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey St. «i Fin
1 to 2— Trapper, 102 (Hildebrand) 1 1 V. l 3 '
20 to 1— Blk. Prince. 102 (Crthwt) 8 4 h 2 \
0 to 1— A.' Allen, 117 (Odom) 4 2 K 3 C
Time, 1:10. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. S. Pagefs br. c. by Hastlngs-Tarpela.
Colossal. Light Xote, Amber Jack. Cedarstrom
Millers Daughter, Jeteam, Spar, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey St. % Fin
9 to 10— Possession, 106 (Hldbnd) 2 lltilh
flto 6— Roeetint, 121 (Redfern). 1 2 6 - 15
40 to 1— Iliyria, 100 (O" Connor) . 5 . 5 3 3
Time. 1:56 4-5. Start fair. Won driving
Winner C. On', b. f. by Requital-Retained
II. Hydrangea. W. B. Fasig. finished aa
named.
FOURTH RACE— Five and a. half furlongs;
two-year-olds; the Holiday selling stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey St. «i Fin.
8 to 0— Voladay. 107 (Travers) ... 1 32 I 3
3 tol— Gold Ten, 09 (Hlldebrand) 4 2 1»42 3
4 to 1— Brush Up. 104 (Martin).-. .2 1 xi 3 3
Time. 1:08. Start fair. Won easily Win
?, er - E "» R - P 10 ™* 3 ' b - & Faraday-Altlvola.
Dance Music. Martha Gorman. Raiment fin
ished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
20 to 1— Atwood. 104 (H.Callahan) 2 1 1%1 2 '
Even— Duke Kendal, 111 (Trvrs) 1 3 2 2 6
H to 1— Brooklynite. 9* (King).. 3 2 U 3 1U
Time, 1:43. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, C. A. Alnwick's ch. c. by Alntree-Isabel
II. Conkllpg. Bob Murphy, Gold Dome Lord
Melbourne, Numberal, The Bowery finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; steeple
chase; four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
2 to 1— Royelle, 140 (Veitch)... l 2n 12
20 to 1— Woden. 135 (Connelly).. 4 1 % 2 20
15 to 20— Cock Robin, 115 (Ray).. 5 38 3 2
Time. 4:37. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mr. Charnblet's br. g by Hermence-
Vis-a-Vis, Herlon, Gortnagallan finished aa
named.
A high-weight handicap, a steeple
chase and the Holiday stakes for two
year-olds, selling allowances, were the
only events above the average.
A slight ripple stirred the placid
afternoon when the stewards were
called upon to decide whether J. L.
McGinnis was entitled to claim Duke
of Kendal or whether C. A. AInwick
should be awarded the horse. This was
after the third race, which was won
by Alnwick's Atwood, which easily de
feated Duke of Kendal,. Brooklynite
and others. The stewards decided in
favor of AInwick.
E. R. Thomas had starters In three
races and furnished the favorite in all
three. He succeeded In winning but
one. This was the Holiday stakes with
Voladay, and there were many spec
tators who declared it was partly due
to Hildebrand's rattle-headed ride of
Gold Ten that she was beaten and that
Voladay won. Gold Ten was off badly.
The pacemaker was that quick breaker,
Urush I'p. which was followed by Vola
day. To the amazement of critical on
lookers. Ilildebrand rushed his mount.
Gold Ten, up from six lengths
behind until he had caught
and passed Voladay and ran
lapped on Brush Up. Travers, on
Voladay. was content to take matters
easily all around the bend, but moved
his mount up gradually on the last
quarter.
Gold Ten left Brush Up at the head
of ihe stretch and ran on even terms
with Voladay for a short distance,
after which the Thomas colt gradually
drew away and won easily. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Highwelght
Handicap for all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
1« to 5 — Ingold. 123 tHildebrand) 1 2 JHl 214
S to 6 — Stalwart. 120 (Travers). 3 1 S 23
100 to 1— Tol San. SS (O'Connor). 4 513 1
Time, 1:15. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. A. Feathemone's b. g. by Ingoldsby-Ra
diance. The Musketeer, Cloten, The Captain,
Jack McKeon, finished as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH, July 27.— It was
apparent from the lack of class in the
programme to-day that most of the
:cood horses are at Saratoga for the
neetlng which commences next Mon
day.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds: v
Betting. Horw, Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
8 to 1— Albert Fir. 113 (Morrison) 1 1 h 1 4
fitol — Tennyburn, 1CS (Knapp).. 3 5 4 2 1%
5tol — Capitanazo, 108 (Bell)... 3 4 H 3 1
Time. 1:10 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Milton Jones' ch. c. by Albert-Balsam
Fir. The Belle 115, Glceman 108, No Trumper
113. Francis Dillon 110, Fleetwood 103, finished
as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
sWling; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 10— Glorloea, 98 (Oliphant).. 4 3 2 1 u,
7 to 1 — Maud Muller. 95 (McBr) 2 12 2 4
7 to 1 — CHagen. 103 (Hall) 1 R 1 3 3
Time. 1:51 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. H. Tichcnor & Co.'s ch. f. (4) by
Hastinga-Glory. Ben Chance 106, Rabunta 98,
Mihelna 09, Lonsmore 1<X>. finished as named.
FOURTH RACK— Four'furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting:. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to 5— Mum. 104 (Helgesen) 3 11 14
5 to 2— Prince Brutus. 107 (Ollp) 0 3 3 2 h
13 to 1— Useful Lady.101 (Living) 5 '4 H 3 1
Time, :4I>. Start fair. Won easily. Winner.
W, A. Smith & Co.'s ch. f. by Free Mason-
Mrs. Boaz. Broadway Girl 104, John Smulskt
107. El Otros 107. West Brockfleld 107, Watch
guard 104. Doc Wallace 107, Husted 104. fin
ished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey.. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Sweet Jane, 130 (Carte*) 3 2 2^1 1
» to 2— Weird, 133 (Pembertort) 2 4 2 nk
3 to 1— Goldenway, 150 (Sulivn) 6 12 3 2ft
Time. 2:58 2-5. Start Rood. Won handily.
Winner. Charles Anderson's ch. f. (4) by Lord
Hartingrton- Calamity Jane. Donaml 137, Al
leglanfce 125, fell. Alma Girl 130 ran out.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up; handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. r St. % Fin.
1) to o— Judge Himes, 111 (Hnry) 3 13 13
« to 5— Brags. 116 (Helgesen).. 1 3 2 2 4
)£ 2 — Huzz ah. 105 (Mclntyre). 4 2 % 3 %
Time, 1:56. Start good. Won In a canter.
Winner, C. R. Klllson's ch. c. (4) by Esher-
Lullaby. Jerry Lynch 100 also ran.
CHICAGO, July 27.— Judge Himes
finally found a track made to order for
him in the third race and feature event
at Havvthorne to-day and, although he
went up in the betting from even
money to 9 to 5 he simply made a show
of his field and won in a canter with
three lengths to spare. Bragg, the
past favorite at 6 to 5, backed from 2
to 1, was easily second, beating Huzzah
four lengths.:
The first race was run in a heavy
downpour of rain- and it was impossible
to distinguish one horse from another.
Despite the big field of fourteen start
ers the talent picked the right one in
Freesias, which was backed from 9 to
5 to 3 to 2 and won easily by a length.
The track was a sea of slop and the
heavy downpour of rain greatly affect
ed the attendance. There were no close
finishes, the winner in each event win
ning about as his rider pleased.
McChesney and Irene Lindsey were
shipped to Saratoga to-day to join
Smather's stable. Both are in the pink
of condition. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden mile*;
poll ing:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to' 2— Freesias. 112 (McBrlde).. 5 2 111
7 to 1— Bernlce, 107 (Helgesen).. 4 1 2%2 3
4 to 1— My Gem, 112 (Oregar)..13 3 h 3 .1
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. S. M. Williams 1 ch. f. by Hawthorne-
MiB8 Mayma. Alice Commoner 107, Annora
J 112. Nannan 102 Fair Allen 102, Dod An
derson 102, Shower 1UI, Lady Belair 117,
Maud Moeer 107. ArtiHcs 107, Nona W 102,
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ft f ¦.'." r~ > ¦>
Californian Bantani-Weight
Boxer Punishes Hughey
McGoyern Quite Severely
J. D. Springer's Billy Bed
Takes Initial Bace of the
Circuit in Straight Heats
Seattle Quickly Gathers in
Six Tallies and the Game
Is Practically Cinched
New Yorker Will Decide the
Hanlon-Nelson Bout if
It Goes Twenty Bounds
Judge Himes Finds a Track
to His Liking and Wins
Handily.
Ancke Falls Near Finish of
the Fair Grounds Fea
ture Race.
Hildebrand, on Gold Ten,
Uses Poor Judgment and
Is Beaten.
NEIL PROVES
HARD HITTER
HARNESS HORSES
AT PLEASANTON
ROACH CHOSEN
FOR REFEREE
UNCLE'S TEAM
LACKS CLASS
VOLADAY, RUNNING IN THOMAS' COLORS,
TAKES HOLIDAY STAKES AT BRIGHTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2S, 1904.
CALIFORNIA HARNESS RAGING CIRCUIT OPENS AUSPICIOUSLY
8
/ APVKKTISKMEXTS.
¦< "^ZmZ ~— " ' — * — ¦
SETS THE SKIN ON FIRE. ff
the back, arms, hands/tegs J ? 7 ' bUt ° ftenCSt upoa
and face, and is a veritable y0 ? in'oSSS b "b a ?»*«»*> writ, and let
torment at times, especially .ufferSdVth cLSifo BSe^a %?/££, 1&I*
at night or when overheated. fnTt^^c^V^^L^f^ ™™V%£
The cause of Eczema is a and diigSnt kii'dio t hi£>TLV2Zi 9 ** d ™ hM
**>«** condition of. the gJt'JS Kifi?
blood The terrifying itch- s a 8 e V% 8 rft
glands and pores of the skin a801 **">»»¦ at., at. Lout, ito* •* XANNEBT -
of the fiery poisons with which the blood-current is overloaded i Whilee*.
S/Z^ *2>k ter ? al ;*PP hca tions, such as washes, soaps, salves
AS? (C? aU ? P?*^ *« *>?thing and cooling, they do not
lOVlSl £?5l2£J th^ b f 1 ? d c i^i or touch thfrealLuseof
«/ *t* tSSSf* fi S l$- dO€ . S ' aad Purifies, enriches.
"~ CO., ATLANTA. CA.Sues United Railroad-.
Ia the suit of Mary Melloy e.gaA^st
Francis Melloy and M. J. Hynes. ad
ministrator of the estate of Charles
Wall, to quiat title. Melloy yesterday
Cled an an^-ver in which he admitted
that his w-ife holds separate title to
the property and he asserts no claim
to- it. Melloy says that he married
MY*. Meiloy in 1S«« and in March.
:s72. she obtained. a decree of divorce
from him. but the decree did not dis
•nl-v* their raarria^e bonds and short
ly after they became reconciled and
resnrra** the relations of husband and
wife, wfcich have teen sustained ever
since.
Old Divorce aad a Title.
Dr. B. T. Cockrill of Bloomfield. i
CaL. has been the victim of several
unkind newspaper thrusts at the
hands of the interior press on account
of a story published recently in The
[Call regarding a Dr. M. E. CockrilL
tThe Bloomfield doctor -wishes hi3
! friends and acquaintances to know he
is not the party referred to In the ar
1 tide and The Call takes pleasure In
j stating this in his behalf.
Another Dr. Cockrill.
Mayor Schmita stated yesterday [
that he would not consider the mat- j
ter of appointing a successor to ex-
School Director Mark, who resigned
to accept the principalship of tne
Crocker Grammar School, until Alfred
Roncovieri. president of the Board of
Education, returns from the East.
which will be next Sunday.
The Mayor says he desires to con
sult with Roncovieri in order to se
cure the best man for the place and
one that will act in harmony with the
rest of the board.
The ilayor further said that none
of the candidates who have been men
tioned a3 liable to succeed Mark would
be appointed to the vacancy.
Koncovieri's Return Before
Naming 3Iark*s Successor.
Mayor Schmitz Says He Will Await
WILL. NOT APPOINT SCHOOL
DIRECTOR FOR A FEW DAYS
f>:her minor changes were agreed
epos a.nd the cosniitee decided to
r-rert in favor cf the passage of the
ordinance as amended. It is under-
Etovd that the dain"irien mill tie no
protest Trhen the bill comes uj> ror
passage si. n«xt ilonda^s meeting of
the board. Supervisor d'Ancona,
cha.irrna.ri of the committee, pro
nounces the ordinance to be an ex
cellent one and says its enforcement
will res-ilMn the serving of purer milk
to consumers.
Ooe of the points upon vhich the
£ilr> ia.cn a.r.d the hcaJth odcials split
T.-&a the ruls re-juiriss that the barns
s :i-i the house for h-indling- the milk
•h.ouM Le separated and if they ad-
Jcined there should be no connecting
dcors. This rule was modified so that
xhe mjlt shall b« run out through
T-spes by nscsafl of a fttn.nel. which is
tc be covered ¦a'hen not in use to les
sen the danger of foreign substances
betBC deposited in the milk.
The dairyrzen fceld a iinal con
fercsicc citii tiie Sup-ervUors' Health
Cqaxmttlee snd o^ciaLs of th» Health
Ixrpartrner.t ar.d an asre*rnen.t was
reached regarding the reg-alatiorLS to
be btcorporaied in a. proposed ordi
cascc for the cortduct cf dairies and
tbc nsitvy ixa.ndlir.gr of rsilk. The
<liiryrr.eTi reiter-a.ted their objecUoas
to several of the rales, which they
held to be too drastic, and a cora
procclae thereon tvas a^ree upon, after
a lorg discussion.
Milk IVal^r^ Azrre to Ordinance as
Amended by the Scpenisors*
Health Comaxlttee.
11EL*.CH AX AGREE31E3TT
OX DAIRY REGULAT1OXS
No man was ever scared into being a
saint.
Auditor Harry Baehr yesterday
notified the Health Board that he had
decided to withhold- his approval of
the salary demands of certain of its
employes in consideration of th?
action of the Board of Supervisors
calling upon him not to audit the de
mands, because they exceed the bud
get allowances and civil service re
strictions.
The employes who will not receive
salaries pending the adjustment of the
difficulties are Health Officer Ragan.
Deputy Health Offlcer Levy. Bacteri
ologist Canney. Chemist Bothe, Assist
ant Chemist Coster, Helper KendalL
Medical Assistants A. S- Adler and
Tillman. Inspecting Physicians Walsn
and Hannah and Factory Inspectors
Hinkle and Miller.
Auditor Baehr Refuses to Audit
Claims of Certain Health De
partment Employes.
WITHHOLDS PAYMENT
OF SALARY DE3L1XDS
. TO SAIL. 1
Steamer. Destination. ! Sails.! Pier. I
! j i
July 23. t
Arctic. Humbotdt | 9 as; Pier 2 !
North Fcri Haraboidt : 5 pm! Pier 20:
San Pe.in.. . KurabcWt ! 4pra l Pier Z\
Potro " ! Pt. Arena & Atbion- tipmlPier 2!
StiteofCal; S*x Diejro 4: Way.j 3.am!Pi«»r 11'
Scncma. , Sydney <fc Way ; 2 pm'Fier T :
Rainier .J Seattle £ Whatccci.[ 4pm'Pier 19:
F.edondo ! Los Acg-'Ies Peru.! 2 pm! Pier 2'
Breakwater Coos Bay | 5 pmjPier 3-
July 29. I
Mccsc lia- .. China & Japan. ; \ pm Pier 4<> '
Totmes { Hamburr & Way. .112 mipter 13
City Puebia j Pu?et Sound Ports, jtl araiPier 9
Argo ! E*i Rfwr Ports...;' 4ptaiPier 2
Jol7 30. !
Arcata t Co.» B. & Pt. Orfd:i2 m ! Pisr 1.1
Pt Arena..; Pofnt Arena j 4 pen! Pier 2
Co«:s aiy..-' ?ia P3dro & Way.! J> an Pier It
SisJim..-' X. ,T. vta. Panama. ;12 m:Pier 4<>
Aurella.--- : Astoria. 4 Portland! 5 pmjPier 27
Elizabeth -.- C>;tri!li» River ! 5 pm Pier CO
Coror-a ' Haaiboldt ;l:.10p!Pl«r 9
Neva dan.. -; Hoaa. & Kahutui..!l2 talPVer Zi
Jaly 31. I
¦& Rosa ' San Dl?*3 & Way.! » asiiPier It
G. W. Elder! AsterU c4 Portland. Ill ami Pier 24
Aturast 1.
Acer. Miru! China & Japan....! 1 pra'Pier 25
Eureka I Kurnboidt O2 en Pter 13
«= Manica. - i Oray» Harb.:r ' -I pm.'Pier 2
I AtLg-CSt 3.
Pomona ! Hnmbcidt \l'J»phna 9
Jeanie ' battle & Tac-nsa..! SpraPi-r 20
: Centrali*...i Los As«el«s Ports.) 10 am 1 Pier lt>
AtlTXUt 3.
' t'matilla. . - I Pnget Sound Ports. ! 11 ans'Pisr 9
Eonita j Newport & Way...( % am \ Pier 11 .
Angruft 4. . j
Serr-ioia ' TrillaFa HarN^r J 4 pm'Pi-?r 29
G. Lrndauerj Gray^j Hartor I 4 pm;Pi«r 20
AnffUTt 5. f
i Cclambia.-.j AKcri* & Portlandltl aaiPier 24
Anqrast 5. !
China ! China & Japan ! ipiajPter 40
1 AUm«;»... ) HortnlU'U ill ami Pier 7
: City Sydney i N. Y. via Panama. 1 12 ni;Pier 40
~ FROM sirATTLlE
Pte.iraer. 1 Efestrsation. j Sails.
j J»ff*r«oti j Skagway & Way Ports. (Jaly 2S
! Hnmboidt & Way Ports. IJaty 23
j DtrtJTo j PkajrwaT & Way Ports. I Jaly 31
j Cottis-g City. . j CTu?way & Way Ports. IJaly 31
: Senator > Nome direct [Aug. I
j ETtc?ts!or 1 Selduvia * Way Ports. Aaf. 1
Virtnria { Stratf * Siberia Atwr. 2
! iVrtphin J Skas-*ay & Way Ports. Acs. 2
' AIki (Skarway & War Ports. IAtkt. 3
Flcanclte I Nome & St. MlcnaeI...JAajf. 6
Selfridge Claim Is Answered.
Three volummous answers were
filed yesterday in the Superior Court
in the suit of Minnie L. Selfridge and
Lydia D. Selfridge laying claim to title
to a part of the land now occupied
by New Montgomery street. The
answer of the city was filed some time
ago and yesterday's answers were
made by the Sharon Estate Company,
the New Montgomery Real Estate
Company and the Occidental Land
and Improvement Company. All of
the respondents declare that the
thoroughfare has been in peaceable.
uninterrupted and notorious use by
the people of San Francisco since the
street was opened in 1S6S and that the
action of the plaintiffs 13 barred by
the statute of limitations.
Joseph Friedlander of the Anglo-
Calif ornian Bank s^vore to a com
plaint in Judge Conlaa's court yes
ttrday charging Ambrose Carpenter
with foreery- The warrant was hand
ed to Detective Bell and he is search
ing for Carpenter.
Until two months agx> Carpenter was
employed as a clerk by E. B. Rogers,
a mining- engineer, 212 Sansom«
street. Since his discharge he has; it
Ls alleged, passed check3 for small
amounts on the bank par porting to
be signed by Rogers or his wife.
Augusta Rogers.
Last Monday Carpenter called at
the bank and presented a check for
payment for 5175 purporting to t»e
signed by Rogers. The bank had
been nfmfied of the previous forgenes
and when Carpenter saw that the
check was under suspicion he rushed
out of the bank, leaving the check.
It is said that the signature is a very
good imitation of Rogers' hand
writing.
Ambrose Carpenter Wanted on Ac
cusation of Joseph Friedlander
of Anslo-Californian Bant.
OL^JRGEH) WITH FORGING
FOR31EK F3EPLOYER*S >*A>IE
TO ARKIVE.
Steas:er. From. I Da*.
Elizabeth CmtpBSm River I July 2S !
Argo ; EeJ River Ports [Joiy 2S I
San Pedro taa Pedro [July 2S j
S.Barbara... s-aa Pedro Jaly 23
Corona HaabcLdt IJaly 2S I
Point Arena. . Mendociao & Pt. Arena.'Jaly 2S |
Santa R.jsa... Baa Vi*z* & Way Pu.iJuIy 2S
• G. W. Elder. . ' Portland A Astoria ; July » i
t Re-icndc j Portland A Astoria i Jaly 2S !
! Curacao M<n*:an Peru 'July 23 j
Dei Jforte. ....I Crescent City iJuly 29
1 ArtMta !Cc<;a Bay & Pt. Orford.'Jnly 23
[ TWlus (Oyster Harbor iJa:y 2:>
| Vinatina iPng^t Sound Ports :Ju;y 3O
[ Jeanie (Scsttlt * Taccrsa 'Ju!y 30
; Eureka ; Kassbcldt 'jaly 30
I G. Undauer. . . Grays Harbor JJuiy 31
j BoElta Newport & Way Ports.! Jaly 3i
r Senaoia .! Willapa Harbor !July 31
| Pomona Hurnboldt fjuly 31
I CMeo Portland & Astoria ijulv 3t
i Martposa Tahiti !Am. 1
1 Or??ocU3 >;»•» Tcrfc via Coronel . f Aug-. 1
State of Cal.. | San Diego & Way Pts.tAuy. 1
Breakwater.. ; Coos B*y ;Aa?. 1
T\ tarsia ...; Oyster Karbcr [An*. 1
¦ S. Mocica sin Pe-iTO [A25. I
i Aztec Panama. 'Aug. 1
i Alameda ; K.-r.oIala jAay. 2
IdatasBMa : PcrtSand & Astoria [Ass. I
! C«ntra!ia Grays Harbor 'An*. 2
I Pamo (Point Arena. & Alfeion. .|Auy. 2
I yeirpcn 'Sew York via Panama. ! An;. S
' N'ortn Fork.. -: Humb.rtdt 'Aujr. 3
} Manchuria : S*w Turk 'Aug. 3
! Qu-sen : Pnget Scund Ports |An;r. 4
i Cbcs Bay .San Pedro 4 V/ay Pts.lAu^. 4
; AUIacc* ' Portland & Way Ports. !Au«. 5
i Newb^rs Gnn Harbor \\v%. 3
i. Centennial Seattle 4 Tacotna 'Aag. «
HOOPETR ESTATE DISTRIBUTED.— A snp
plemental accocstlnc in the estate- at William
B. Hiwper wms fcted yesterday or the Central
Trust Company showtas a cash balance of
*5.«.4«S SO- Jadse Hunt, slttia? ia the probate
departnseat. ordered tt« estate dJstritratal to
the hsirs.
• Two suit3 were filed yesterday
f asainst the United Kaiiroads by J. s.
| Godeau to recover 1 250 in each case
| for damages to his horse and bugger
land to an ambaiance which were run
into by the company's cars.
Time Ball.
Branih. Hydroiraphic Ofnee, XT. S. K.. M*r
chantv Eschans*. San CaL.
' Jaly 27. 1S04.
1 The TUae Bali on the tower of the Ferry
buildlss was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
t. e^ at co«i of tie 12Qtit meridian, dr at S
p» in.. Greenwich. Unit J. C. BURXETT,
Lt-;at«cact. C. S. X., la charg*.
The Paclflo Hail Company's liner Mongolia.
Captain W. P. S. Porter, wta sail ta-mortwr
foi the Orient. Amos; her pa»a«aiers will
be: L. R. Wl2ey. AKorney General ef US*
Philippines: H. Weinatock of this city. *ad
lira. E. Soofteld and four daashters. The
Scofielda hare jtist retorned tram. Alaska, and
are ffoln? back to. Xew T^jrit by w*y of China.
Japan. India. Australia, and Europ*. Th* tol
lo^ins navy officers, under - orders to th«
Asiatic squadron, will sail oa ths Mongniia:
Cartaia J- P-. MerrelL Comsiander A. C.
Bakflr, Ueatenant Cbwmaniler H. G*g» tsA
Lieateaant F. K Ptanay.
Xary Officers for the Orient.
NOTli— In the above exrosltion of the tides
the early mornias tides are stven fca th« left
hand catena and th* successive tides of the
, day ta the order of oecorrenc* as to time; the
' fourth tiaa* column jrives the last tide of th*
} <Ur. eTcsut when there arc but three tide*, as
i sornetima* ceccr. Ths heights siren an? ta
j addition to the soundings of the United States
1 Coast Survey Charts. «»xc*pt when a mlnsw t — >
«lja precede* th* feelsht. and. then the nnmbsr
rtvett is sebstracted froia the depth, (rt^en bjr
the charts- The pfcine of reference l« uia mean
of the lower low waters.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in
the United States District Court yes
terday as follows: David J. Randall,
farmer, Parkfield, liabilities J571, no
assets; Charles V. Brereton, gardener,
Oakland, liabilities till, no assets; C.
F. Limousin, glove maker. San Fran
cisco and Oakland, liabilities 15705,
assets I1S12. His heaviest creditor is
the Swiss-American Bank, ths debt
being 12700. unsecured.
Petitions in Insolvency.
THCR3DAT. JtTLT 2S.
i Sua ris«a 3:P&
Soa set* .7
j Moon, rfses T:55 p. ja.
"T iTliB*i ITiraei }Ttia«| \TLnx[
! 5. | f Ft. ! i Ft — — ; Ft. \ Ft.
i ? Pt. Y." |H Wj. |L TVJ{ jH W[
j 2S ! <i:Vi*—Q.V 1:10: 4.T; 3:5.f ; 3.0! I
23 0:«*>! 3.0| fi:33 t>.0 Ir« 4..?; 8:37* ±3
20 0-«f 4.6i 7;«7j 0.4! 2:1 j! 4.«i 7;20i 2-3
(31 l:if» • 4.2= 7:37 0.7| 2r«j 4.»i S:C8j £S
1 2:t}4i 4.0 f 9:12 1.2- . 3:inJ. 4.9i 9:Cii 2.5
" ShzF X*l S:50 t.»5; 3:42| Et« U:54! 2.1
L_ 3 ! 3:&! 3.3i 3:34[ 2.0} 4:20; 5.0it0;57f : l.»
r» — — — — — ¦- ¦ —
United States Coast and Oxfietie Survey —
Time =>nd Height ef HI*Ir aad Low Waters
ar Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by ofScial authority of th«
i Srjperintsndent. . >
; N'OTE— The h!jh and low waters occur at
| Om city front fMisslcn-street iwharfl about 23
minatea Hter thaa at Fort Point; the height
cf tide 13 the same at both ptaces.
Son, Moon and Tide.
Matters of Interest to 3Iariacrs and
Shlppfns: Merchant*.
The schooE#r C. A. Thayer Is chartered fur
lcrscer trcs: Gra7» Harbor to Gaayraas a.ad th;
barke=£:=c Robert Sudden sa=e buaioesa froa
•a n r _. z r* *3 Saixta Rosalia.
,
Notice to Mariners.
Hambcldt Bar. Cilircnrla.
'List cf Lights. Buoys zxd B«yra*rk*. Pa
eiSc C-*st, 1»C4. Pa«e 33). — Notice is her-»hy
rivea that the first-class spar buoy. ttacJt,
Nc. 1. markins tee octer end of J»crth Jetty,
Haasbcidt Bar, Caltf<jmia, her-tof-jre report
ed adrift. wa» replaced July 23, ta 23 fe»t
water, about ICO feet SE. by E. cf ita former
pesitico.
Bt order of th« Ll«!st-Hotis»« Beard.
W. P. DAT.
Cotnrsacder, U. S. ».. Iaspector 12th
Urat-Koas* DUtrict.
»
A. Cargo lor Honolulu.
Th* schoctier Kelese sailed yestirday for
Haaclslu with ia asserted carsa. valaed at
111; 407 *2<i lacfadi=« th* 'criawfa* 1 .
lSS»i tales tay. 1SS3 eUi barley, 239 et!»
cats. 34 ctJ wheat, 7X33 lt» bread. '1130 gals
wine, 720 Iba Uri. 40 fcar» *rai4T 50 *« bakias
powder. 2T31 lbs beaiui. 10 Ffcss^tabte prepara
ttocs. 13 "txils paate. 20 ca canned gwoda. 43«O
lb» salt. 2O half bfc'.a salmcn, 735 yaU ntsesar.
~O z.kjcs Tickles. 355 bxs s->ap, 123 doen. 13
pkgs caUwcrk. 100 cs coal dl. 143 c» e»adl*s,
190 k«ss white lead. $5 cs OIL 23 cs paints. 2
«!-Bas» *dA. 70 eolla rope. 3 bills ircn. 1420 lbs
t.«a plate. 5«SK> ft 17 pes hardwood.
Shipping Intelligence.
.lEKVED.
Wedaesday, Jaly 27.
Stair Scotia, Jchnjcn. 11 boars fron BOweai
LasriiTF.
NEWS OF THE OCEA>\
bclidav for a few months.
Alfred K. 1I>^, United State Consul
to HonduraLa. came tip on the Sydney.
He is taking a few months vacation.
Another rassenarer was Alfred KasSA
one of Guatemala's wealthiest citizens
and a sen of General William ' Nance,
the well kxMnm railroad builder. Ernest
Kockmeyer. a wealthy Guatemala
planter, on his way to join his family
in Europe, was also a passenger.
These that came tip on the Sydney
included the following:
Shsri'.i Bibcock. Albert <i- Obarrio. C. W.
ParscM. R. Oilman Brown. Alfred ( K. Mae.
B. O. GsUtert aad wtr». Err.est Hockmeyor,
Mr. a=ji Mrs. Alfred Xar.ce. Henry Nann*.
SL E. F-ara-n. Charles Wijtr.ss. P.. E. EatB
bcaer. Btitlit Morten. G. H. Pattb^rg-. Mrs.
M. Rnzrato &r.<i Miss Mat*! Anthony.
SaiL< To- Da i
Tne Br.::c Austraiias mails are en time
the Oreasic St^acahip Company's liaer So
notna will sail fr^-rn here a: 2 o'clock thi
aftemccs for Hcru>;-ilu and the Antipodes-
Si;^ will carry a full irrMspienent of passer:
g»rs. A=u:nx those 'sci^g ts Hanotuia will b:
tis* Hawaiian d?!»sates returning from th'
raticnai ccnT-sctiona. H- C. Benscn a=*i W
FTejEinr. w»a:ti>T asd i=2uenrial residents a
Syiisey. will b« fa;s»«"nj»rs on the Scaoma.
*
I"o Act as Stake Boats
A. farraiiabis caral mesQaita Ceet put
Mil rrcm. tere yesterday bcuad for the Saat.*
Bartara -haan-L The largest vessel was the
bttie innhest ATrapclis and with h*r wer?
th« d~=tr?y«»r« P*rry, Pr<?bi<! and Paul Jctum
tsd the sary tuffs Fcrtuni? and Coadilla.
These Uttie vesseis will act as stake-boats in
th* Santa Earfcara channel duriagr the of2c:a.l
trial cf the bartleship Ohio, which will leav»
tere at 11 o'eicck this corning.
«.
Prir«.rc>is Victoria Fl-Tatfcl
A m:eirr&zxi was receiver at tae aiercnants
Excaanije last ci^nt anaonaciiys that tb<
rte*rn»r Pr:ntr»«s Victoria, which w»nt en th'
recks car the Vlctcrta (P. C> harbor s»vera
Says a.rs. was Coated yesterday. Th" r^por
id/s that the rteamer had b«H?3 r»pa:r«l t
fust cn^ w*en — reccr** tis^?. She will result'
her rua at once.
«
Died at Sea
Mr Warfie. a t««.=»^g»r from Fcrt Erass
c= the st?arr:»r J. S. HLarrins. sretkbouad from
that pert. <;i»d yesterday m-jrric* freta
; Brisht't dis^nj* whl> the r*ss«i iras « sea.
! Tt* b« dy was west ashcr* whts th* vrsf»l put
! is ts this port to Usd pass«is»ri.
«
Falls Or?t of Elevator
Mr». E^» Ann;s. an elderly w;r.«n «a
flcrywl at IS Frrmcct street. f»U out of a
rr-irht cCetatur at that place yesterf*y and
restarted a fra»rtiire<1 !<•« and Uceraied sea!?.
=h« was treated at th« Harbor Hespital.
«
\t Sydnex in Dt*trfss
Th« tart G*-n<»rsJ Fairchi;<l. bcti=>i trrti
Xe-orcxstl*. Aaatralia. f;r L*t«i2a. tas pa
icta aydsey Seakis? «=d with her car?'
¦hlfted.
• .
\ratw Has Trial Trii
Th« ra» Arabs, brsiit ty the Fi!taa I~n
Wcrts fcr th« Pacific Mail Company, was
trvea tsr trial trtp yestirday and pror»»l ia
every way satixfactcrr.
\ssie I^ouls BrcakTvater
Tt« yacht Agjle. while r-n:adl=g to y»ster
day eff Meiers wharf, fculed ta» breakwater,
but sustained no iUnu«>.
— >
Captain cf 3Iysore Here
Captain L. M. SweetmaJi of the Bntlsh ihtp
5Jy»ore. wklch baa fce«n Iy1=« at Victoria. B.
C. »toc« M*y. t« vUitlasr fri#n«is la thla city.
It Is nearly thr«e years eiscs tiw Myscre left
MOSQUITO FI-EET. WHICH WTLL
ACT AS STAKEEOATS AT TRIAL
OF THE BATTLESHIP OHIO.
Btmr F A Ktlbura. TboEspscn, T hoars fraa j
! Pert Reisers.
Stmr Aica=ar. WJsk-L 14 hours from Gr*t:-
I WOOL
Sunr samoa.. lliiaen, 14 hours frr-ni Caspar: j
boanii «outii; P^i ia to land pasaenr«r«.
Sor City of SyJney, McLean. 2O days and j
J 14 hours frcm Faaica, via Mazatlaa 5 days .
• and IS tour*.
Btmx Greenwood. Waivis. IT hours from
i TTestpcrt.
Btmx J« S HIrylrs. Hijyir.s, 15 hs^r* tram <
I Fort Bra*?; bound soath; pat in U land pas- j
Strnr Airatras, AatRMS, 4*5 hcxirs frora Pert [
IjCS Angles.
icnr Aberd*«3. Ka=«e=, ist> hcurs fnm As- j
toria_
| \taffsi«. Cmmisx. 4 hour» from Half- J
rncon Eay-
Bktn Tara CS)ianter. Siraal". 60 hours !
frcm Coids Bay.
Bns U* O Irwin. Haasen. 7 days from .
Roch- Harbor, via Pert Angsi^ fiH days.
Sohr ReE«at. Olsen. »;0 hours from Coos L
Bay.
CLBMXEDi
W^-inewiay. J-jXy 27.
Stdr P<?ic^na. Swac«n. Eureka; PaeiSc
I Cjast- Steamship CotnpaEy.
Staw State of California. Xicol.««r.n.. San Di- j
f r&> and way Dcrts; Pacific Coast Steamship ¦
? Compasr.
Schr H*I<s=e. Tfccr^pscn. Hcnolalu; J D t
j aprecitels Bros & Co.
SAIJLED.
W-dnesday, July 27.
C S »tinr Aaoapclis, Hatrfclajs. Santa Bar- j
[ bars. cfcacn«I.
U S stinr P»rry. Fasten, santa Barbara.
V S stmr Unadilia. . Santa Barbara.
C S «inr Fcrtuc«. ilcArthur. Sahta Bar- t
bara rharse!.
BtJBT F A Kiibum. Thcc:p«cn. Port Rwl^ra.
Stair ManiT, JOantBM. Kalfmcon Bay.
Stnir Li -. . i Jorseoson. Port Blakeiey.
Stiar Despatch. L*>.viz&yn, Saa. Pcdr>3.
Srmr Eurokau J»si«<?n. gur»ka.
Strnr Sarrto*. Madacn. San F*dr<?.
Strcr «'hehalis. Hartln. San Petlro.
Stmr Jas S Higjrlns. Hi^s" s». Port Los Ar.
gefe*. . , .
Stinr C«lia. Xordb'rz. Albtcn.
Stisr Prr-mona. Swanscn. Ejjnska.
Sttac Erunswlok. El'^fien. ;• Firt Bra«z.
Htnr MandaJar, Smith. Et;r»ka.
Schr J«sitie Griffla. Gibecrr. BcUcaa.
SPOKEN.
JvSr IS — Lat ."U N. ling If TC. Br bark.
Ccrunna. frcm Antwerp, fcr Paset Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT L.OBOS. July 27_ io p ra_Wsath«T
clear; wind NW; v«lccity 22 mil«»s per hoar.
DOMESTIC PC RTS.
TATOOSH— Paj.B<»d In July 2fi — G«r ship
Peru, from Sitka. for Fcrt Townser.d. and not j
stmr P*ri. as r«Dort»d.
Pas!?«~i cnt July 27 — &mr Chas Nel»on. j
fres: Tac^ma, fcr Saa. *Pdn>.
P^issed cut July 27— Br ship Dudhope. for 1
Callac. t
PORT GAMBIA:— Arrivi^l Jaly 17— Schr I
! Q-j»«:a. fcenca July 27; sctr OkancEia, fnni
! Maaila.
EUREKA— ArriTcd July 27— Stnr Acme. I
j hence July 25; nnr Francif" H. Lesxett. hence I
i July 25.
Sailed July 27 — Stnir Corona, for Sao Fran-
I Cisco; stirr Kcyo, fcr San Francisco: «mr
Paaadeca.. tat San P«drx
UMPQCA— Arrived : fair 23 — Schr Lucy. !
from Sa.n PrArrs.
SAX FKDRH— Arrfv».t ialy 27— Schr J W !
• Cttse.. from Pert BlaeuUy; schr Nokcntis. j
i from Grays Harbor: schSr Snam. from t"n!r>n !
! Lacdin?: stnir Olympic; frctn Grays Harbcr: i
j stir- 'Whitgsbnrn. from port Vea Ans«!«».
SE-^TTLE — Sailed J«Iy 27. 9 a m — Stnir I
UmatUIa. for San Fra.n*iseo.
Arrived July 27 — O*r stmr Ramses, h«race
Jaly 22: strnr Que^n. h*?=c* July 24.
Arrived Jxtly 27 — eT.r Hantbcldt. fjein
STtajrway: M3Bf Montar*. brae* July 23.
Sailed July 27 — Stair Jeaai*, for S»n Fran
ciar.o.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 27 — Stmr
Ceatraiia. hence July 23; schr Wlnslow, from
Son Ftdrc.
REDOSDO — Arrired July 27— Stmr West
port, frr^n vVi?5tport.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jaly 27— Scir Olya.
from San P«-Jro.
Sailed July 2fl — SOB* G*o VT Elder, for Saa
FrancLsco.
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived July 27— Shi?
St Francis, fmm Port Townaend; fcktn Quick
step. b»nce July 12.
PORT LCDLO-CT— Arrived July 27— Schr
Adrr-ira!. from San Diezo.
SiG«d Jaly 27 — Schr Caaauo, for Saa Fran
cisco, via Port Gamble..
COOS BAT — Sailed July 27— Stmr Arcata.
i far Saa Francisco: eitsx Atltaaire, for Astoria.
i PORT TOWX3END- Arrivtd July 27— G«r
I «hip Pfto. frrars Sitka.
' PORT HARFORD — SaCed July 27— Stmr
1 Bonita. for Saa Pedro; stmr Asuncion, for
fe.n Franciaco.
1 BA.VDOS- Sailed July 27 — Etmr EIisab«t!j.
for San Franc i»co.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July C7— Stmr
Santa E^sa. fcr Saa Fraactsc*
PAN* FEDRG —^^Arrivud July 27 — Stmr Saata.
! Monica, hence July 25: bkta Aurora, from
f Tacoma.
S*il<?d July 27 — Stmr "VWTsitesbcro. fcr San.
I Fraacisco: rtmr Shasta, for Saa Francisco;
stmr Scath Bay. fcr San Fraacisctj.
; WoSTPORT— Sailed Jaly 27— Stmr GiaUalau
for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— ArriTed July 27— Stiar Cen
trali*. heac» July 23.
Sallied July 27^ — Schr Albert Meyer, for Saa
Pedro: bris Lartine. for Saa Fraacisco.
ISLA5TD PORT.
HOKOLUX.tr— S«J!«! July 27— Stmr AI»
meda for Saa Franeifeo.
Sail*d July 27— Br Jttmr Micw*rs, for Vaa
¦ i ccavw.
; . easteb;n forts. ;.; ;¦ -u
• f XE*W" TORK— Sallii JTaly 26 — StmV Tuca-
I tan. far Colon.
, J Arri-ved July 27 — Strcr Adv'sace. from. Colon.
PHn*ADELFHIA— ArrtTr«d July 26 — Ship
I r Kesil-worth. from Hlle. ¦>
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Pased no
. Jely 2iV-Shio Wm P Frye. far PfeiUdeiphU;
', bark Foohn* S««y. fat Pteiladeljihia.
FORETOX PORTS.
MEI*BOCRXE — Arrired July •* — Br bark
Hnlyood. frcia B*C£nE!iani.
HOXGKOXG — Arrived July ;t — Br slmr
Empress of Caica. from Vaaceover. Prkrr to
> July 27 — Br stmr Tartar, frora Vaacetfver.
' JAVA— Sailed. July 23— Br strar Iaveraeaa.
for .
t CAPE TOWN- Arrived Jaly 24— Br shin
¦ Crwnartjssir*, from Oresco. .
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship City of Sydney arrived yesterday
from Panama and way ports with some
of th-? heaviest g>Md bricks ever
brought from Central America. She
had en beard bullion valued at $140,000.
This included four gold bricks each con
taining mere tRan $29,000 worth of the
precious metaL
The Sydney brought forty-two pas
sengers and 174-} tons of cargo. Among
the passengers were several wealthy [
planters, bound for pleasure tours in j
•various directions. They have gathered
and marketed coffee crops and have |
come out from their fincas to make
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QCEEN'STOWN — Arrived July 27 — Stmr Ma
jestic, frein N«w York. •
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Jsiy zi — Stmr
Switzerland, ttrxo. AEt»ero.
Movements of Steamers.
Burke was released last night by
Detective Cody. Mrs. Andrews of 33
Lafayette street failed to identify hirn.
Burke was allowed to go to his room
on the condition that he present him
self to-day at the Hall of Justice in or
der that Mrs. Gushlacker of 1433 Stei
ner "street may have a chance to identi
fy him.
For the past two weeks an elderly
man has been passing 1 worthless checks
upon -women and obtaining from them
email sure* on various pretexts. One of
his schemes is to advertise for a house
keeper or female cook and call upon
the women answering the advertise
ment. He would tell them that h* was
on his way to the City Hall to pay his
taxes ard would ask them to advance
him S3, $4 or JS as. it struck his fancy,
and he would leave them & check for a
much larger amount as security, prom
ising to repay the amount on his re
turn to employ them. In this way at
least thirty or forty women have been
victimized.
Another scheme was to call at a
lodging-house, engage a room and pay
the rent with a check, receiving the
change in coin. The check was worth
less. He had no particular bank and
seems to have a supply of blank checks
of all the banks in the city. He is also
prolific with names which Include
¦William King. William Wallace. Henry
J. Siems, Harry Bell and William-
Walker. All the women'3 descriptions
of the swindler correspond. He 13 a
short man about 50 years of age, gray
ish mustache and neatly dressed.
So many reports came into police
headquarters from his victims that
Chief Wittraan detailed Detective
Cody on the case. Cody inserted an
advertisement in the papers that a
young housekeeper wanted employ
ment and gave the address, 110 Sixth
street, where he engaged a room. Yes
terday morning a short elderly man
with a erayish mustache called in an
swer to the advertisement and Cody
placed him under arrest. He denied
being the man wanted. He said hi3
came was William Burke, that he was
a carpenter and lived at 1100 Powell
street. He wa3 locked up. ta the
"tanks" till his statements could be in
vestigated and some of the women vic
tims had a chance to see him.
Th* fear of Russian ¦ interference
with his company's schedule and the
anxiety Involved in trying to har.ile
a carload of freight in. a space barely
t:s to accorn.moda.te the con- j
tents of a. tthe^iivarro-a- yesterday got
or* the nerves of R. P. Schwerin. vice
preagSent and general nmnager of the
Pacific S£s3 Company, and by way of
touir to his disturbed system he vis
\1*A th» Mall dock on a beheading ex
pedtttMS.
Bescot one scaip.
Th« Russians may get the Korea,
tut R- P. Schwerin tired the first shot, j
He "fired!; E. J. Chrisman, the com- ;
; ¦ s chief freight clerk, and as ;
Cfcnsraan is said to have been doinj .;
lit* work of three rn^ru the vice pres- \
i test's sword was ssung to good par- j
Th- Pac:S^ Mai! dock has ;
? ct^n too small to handle ;
'-onpary's growing trade
¦ ¦ h the Orient, and it has been
¦ Lj the almost superhuman ef
forts «rf superintendent Hacxhcra and
th" oses under him that the coming
ztA roirr liners have been discharged
4>nd 1 led so that the departures
Y*.?t *-~* * r *"' a tI:e «eh*iule.
Tfc<* M ¦¦ :o..i brought an immense
cargo, BT.:ch f.ll<?d the wharf roof
Jiiga from end to *r.<I-
As the big cargo was being dls
rharged another cargo equally large
\»as being delivered for the liner's
cct-er*rd rojiMK*- The consequent con
gestion was terrific. The work pro
£r<-«s^<i slowly. Teams were delayed.
fcfcijppers and team owners registered
complaints. These complaints reached
- - .,. erm. -*-- they formed the con
a old story, however.
tinty did rot greatly disturb the vice
j :-¦;•. -:-n;ial cairn.
Th«o ca-f the Vladivostok fleet
far*. That wa« new and serious, as
the Kor^a is specially dear to the
h-art of- Scbwertn, who designed the
I • -- '« dining- sa'.oon ana takes an
»rii*t*s pride in the creation of his
own renius.
The last straw . fell yesterday •*¦?!»?.
Sch*-«?rin tried to thread his way
.:h the maze of freight the
China** passengers a few days berore
hid be«n obliged to navigate.
Although trained a sailor, Schwerin
1 und the voyage from dock gate to
the Mongolia's gangway full cf
cwsjuees to navigation and dangers to
lire K&d limb.
Upon his return to the gate he ert
<•<-'-nrered_Chief Freight Clerk Chris
rr.an and on his head poured out the
vials of accumulated wrath.
Chrisman disclaimed res possibility
for the crowded condition, but the
jre-ner^.1 manager wanted heads, not
*x;r lunation*.
A* SchwerLn w-juuied up *o arose
Th*- ChrisTTLan temperature, and before
the •teas tltyf c5f Chrisman Had Io«
his peftcode feather, his yellow jacSet
and his job. Freight Solicitor H. C.
<?i*".tf!o'w was promoted to the pcsi
t.cr. x-acated ty Ch.risma.ri.
QuImusb has been in the service
'. years and has the reputation of
l-:r.z the bax&eat working and mo3t
:!e man that ever silled the posi
tion. He was purser on the City of
Para, seven years ago. when he ¦was
sppcinted chief freight cierk.
It is szli that the decapitation cere
cony is not yet complete, and the air
a: First ar.d Branrjin streets is
ckzrsed with apprehension.
The trial of the suit of B. M. Eisner
against Miss Flora Lewis, by whom he
was jilted for the return oCa diamond
engagement % ring and othei sifts pre
sented to her in anticipation of their
prospective marriage, was begun yes
terday in Justice of the Peace Daniels*
court.
Eisner was the only witne€S of the
day and he told hi3 side of the case
in precise language and with close at
tention to the smallest details. Eisner j
told how he and Miss Lewis became
engaged in April. 1903. and he Imme
diately presented her with a diamond
ring- which cost him $105. Later he gave
her three steins valued at Jia and made
her other sifts besides.
"The first intimation I had that Miss j
Lewis desired to break our engage- j
menu" testified Eisner, "wa3 when I •
learned In April. 1304. that the presents ,
which had been made to us by our
relatives and mutual friends in honor
of our engagement were returned by
Miss Lewis. Then she sent out notices \
to friends informing them that our en- |
gagement had been broken. I did not j
receive my own presents back, however,
and I did not consider our engagement J
at an end since she did not return thej
engagement ring."
On April 15 Eisner sent hl3 brother to
Mln Lewis asking her to give him the r
ring, but she refused. In fact she has ;
filed an answer that she never received !
any ring. The trial went over until |
to-day, when Eisner will be cross-ex-!
amlned and Miss Lewis will tell herj
story.
Did Not Consider Compact
at an End Because Gifts
of Friend Were Returned
Police Have in Their Pos
session Number of Worth
less Checks He Has Given
War N*axe and Lack of Wharf
Facilities Get on Nerves
of the General 3Ianager
SAYS SHE KEPT RING
WANTS A HOUSEKEEPER
OTHER HEADS TO FALL
Elderly Man Obtains Money
From Members of the Fair
Sex by Various Pretexts
B. M. Eisner Testifies How
His Intended Attempted
to Break Off Engagement
Discharges Chief Freight
Clerk Chrisman Because
Merchandise Crowds Dock
City of Sydney Arrives From Panama and Way Ports With Large
Consignment of Bullion From Central. American Mines—Among
the Liner's Passengers Are Several Wealthy Coffee Planters
SCHWERIN GOES
ON WARPATH
SUITOR WANTS
PRESENTS BACK
WOMEN TICIIMS
OF A SWINDLER
TREASURE INCLUDES GOLD BRICKS
EACH WORTH MORE THAN $20,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', . THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1904.
9
ADVEKTISEMENTS. |
;
Whoever wants soft j
hands, smooth hands, white j
hands or a clear complex- j
ion, he and she can have |
both : that is T if the skin is |
naturally transparent; un- !
less occupation prevents.
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of habit.
Use Pears' Soap/ no
matter how much; but a
little is enough if you use
it often.
Established over 100 years.
Palarp D0VT PAIL T0|?
j COURT Lodging :
fl f!fl room, the EMPIRE .
uuu parlor. tfc« s
f Vf-j PALM ROOM, the ¦
lirand louis xv par - \
uiuiiu LQIt and the LA _ j
W^i-vU DIES' WRITING |
Hotels room - 1
flair pf>tlP|% Praia jt reti»f_ Caaa* i<iiio>*<1.
Mfll Ji V y > « 5»cptiraiti"rr»(3n Acoca-
¦**¦ ¦ ¦'""¦¦•piet* aad p«navo«at «a«:£a-
**° Ad I nSifl ai oac« far t^ to
P. HAaOLO H*YES- 8u«s!o, M. Y.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
. !
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed !
on Application.
7BSSZ AJTO 8AZ1T XXU.TS.
JAj» DUICj tt WU Clay. TeL Kaia tSH.
OZZ.S.
: UUBBICATXNG OILS: L£O2?ARD & ELIJS.
415 Frost sc. & F. Pttcoa aiaia 1713.
t '
PBI2TTXSO.
susi^PS.s.r.
AMrSEMEXTS.
COLUMBIANS
TMs Fre<S3ctic3 Win Be CiattsuwJ TTrrmttfscttt
This m=d N»xt W«t
JTIGUTLT. E2CCEPTTXG StTXBAT.
XATiaU 3ATTrX2>AX O3T.T.
CHARLES FF.OHM-OT PrsaeaH
HENRY
Ia Uadeleiae Loci»tt« Ryi»7'« Loccica *-i
Xaw TorS success.
MICE AND MEN
Ais- S — Henry iCTier la "Jc»«pi Esta=«;ed."*
• Last 3 ,M$Hts--Matlnse Saturday I
\\ MR, JAMES NEILL j
» Ia Karri»t Fortfj Grwi: P'**y. ?
IU6ENT1EMAHI » j
LAST WKSK QT ¦'.
"A LUCKY STONE"
By CoUia. Davia «aJ Fraak Wtrgaric
¦ CSuESieiicis* Monday Xi*it N«i^. Asfsst I.
THE WHIRL OF THE TOWN
Ttre* Gr-it Acts. TUIe<l wi^j S't* Sgexv
Sp<sctaitl*a «sd a Wor'.J ri N'T > /»!ti«s.
( F^rst Ajjnnan <rf LIOXXL UWREXCS
zxA R*a3C«arxsc« of Ft-OS3I2 HOPS^
S«aia new en sale, two w?«ks ahead.
34ati3<e«a Sarir-Jay aad SarsdAj.
SAJ1S POPULAR PRICE?.
TIVOLIS^
I ICT U*H-V ° 5 ' THE FASfOC'S
LAJ1 IrkU OFSHATIC SHX5ATIOJT
ROBIN HOOD
XHXT MONDAY EVE.— First P»4r:=>-
ticn In S*2 Francisco of th« 'WTitrfTrtad
E=«U3i itsaical Otne-ly Trt^ryX THS
TOREADOR
By I-ra.t CaryU *=4 IA^sjkX M-acr!=.
SX.VT3 NOW READT
Csrjal TlroU Pr!c«9 — 25c. 30c. T5c
{ LUSTROUS VAUDEVILLE!
CHARMION;
: Zisxpir* Ccsz«d7 4; Oecier-Rasso-Abnus-
ci Orvtti Operate Trio; M arena sa4
O&rtcHs. asd OTp&rcs SKotioa Pte-
tarw. Ur. Tt=L« c£ JoIIaa Boit; tit*
axyvterUrss Ta.ir*z%; Knxlcal Xleu-.
sad
ROSE COGHLAN.
I Assisted ty 173.1 FCJLXT. . ta "Tit* Ac«
ci Trujays.- •:. -
Resular M*ti2e« Every Wedae*iay. Tksr»-
I day. j-a.Kir»l»y. Sunday. Pttc«»— 1'^c. "^3c. i>-.
!~- CALIFORNIA.^
« j I 1 Elsier Walters Cfa:=- I I K
13 sr F»sy pres«=ilaj tie fa- , . V«
[j 1 3 p ricca'y f--.~-j cocsatty- lljf *|
n = Jnsi Struck Town — [\
I] 5C, SPECt-Xl^-A 3-ronrj.I qr,, H
S LdL ft«?nt b«tw»<r2 JOE PO- frft cl
}J DE5TA *nd CHARI.ES V|
y Next — TSa aeasoc's ?|
*1 EIU s 7 *"' rn=3! «- eft- ie
[I " uu Cc=r=-=ct=c with Sua- BUU B
f| I day rsa£i=e«. I t M
I ALCAZAR "ffr
TO-XIGHT— AI-L, WEEK.
lfATT?rESS TO- DAT AXD SATURDAY.
\ E-S5-. 23c t> T3^r iTata. Tburs. & Sat-. I3e t» 30t.
WHITE I «.?! S« *'cgx- Stx* Ca I
IWHITTLebEY
la ti- TTafiBna Hcssasc-.
RUPERT iiy As»s~y boo*
0^=? £«r:el w ts* Prlaocer of Z«ada.
HENTZMU Gr-at Cast.
•"Aissirably sti?»<l aruj -well ««»<1** — Post.
"\3 ertt&nslascir r<*ci»pticis." — Chroax!^.
\IONDAT. Acr?. 1— SPECIAL. PRODCCTTOX.
"THE LADY OF LT0N'~."
! 3fR. WHTTTX-ESFTT as CLAtTDi: itEXJfGTTE:
1 EU'JEXIE THAL3 UWTO.V 1 • PALLIX3
Markat Street. Kear S2jttS...Pzco« Sriti ~:
TO-NIGHT— AiX. THIS *E!X
MATDfEES S-\TXrRI>AT ANTJ SCNDAT.
f Scott 3tarbf«*s Great 3«isaticnal. ll?;e iri — i.
I GATES OP JUSTICE
j A TRESfSNIXJCS EXT EVSHTWHEKE.
i BrC^ast Cast: Max^i2ceat 3c«a«rjr!
Xusivf ir«cSaa!ca; ESect»:
; FTrat Appearaac* K»r« of tJie C&artatay Scof»
; TT35X CASTSO.
I ralLtj 3t»tis«e« !0c. 13c. »s
J JJext— CSarfey Hayf s "SERGEI AT JA3tZ3.~
Htyi-Cls33 Specialties Every Aflcraoaa
— — TO-:nG3r
GALA AMATEUR PSKFOSMAKCE
, »T,— .
! NEW LIVING PICT URFS
Take a Ride en tie iKNIATCBS EI-KCTHIC
R.ULROAD.
Two Totar l^cparSs ta ti» Soo.
I ADinSSIOX 10c I CHTT.DRSy Jc
' t \rttn Picaias Aas far Tia C!rat*».
BASEBALL
J OFEXING OF NX'.V SSASOX.
: SAN FRANCISCO vs. SEATTLE.
at RSCRE.ATION PARS.
E*=ti an4 Harrison str««tjL
• * WEDSXS3AT. THXTRSUAT aruj FRIIJAT.
S:^» a- ns-
SATt^DAY. y. z- ex
SUNDAY. S:.3> p. at.
ULDIS3 FKHE THITR3OAT aad FrllDAT.
A£vxscs «a!a oC M«a 11 3 gt.nr^T.jn atrats.
GRAPE-XTTS.
"The Road to
Weflvflle"
"A Ctde book bet eighty"
Miniature copy free In
each pkg. of
Postum or
Grape-NutsTHE SAN , FRANCISCO CALI^ THURSDAY, JULY 28, 1904.
10
THE CALL
JOHN* J>. SPRECKELS. . . .-Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT. • _» 3 AggggS£
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHOrCE.
Aak for THE CALL. The O^^^J^B.^'
sect You With the Department Yon wien.
I»iibUeatlon Offloe Market «™* e J hl f d ;J |- £
ECltortal Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson »t
r**iT«rea by Carriers. S3 Ot*. Per W>ek. 75
CU. Ttr Month. Single Copies 8 CU.
Yerms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash wrtn
Order) : _„ „.
DAJLT CALL Ctoetod. Sunday) 1 /**£• • •»| 0^
DAILY CALL <tnc!od. Bandajr). « W- ?•»
IjaXLV CALL— By Single Month „•»£
BCKXMLT CALL. 1 Year riX
WT5EXLT CALL.^Y-ar.^..^.^..^-^
FOREIGN JRunfiay. *.U> Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. : -w>»klv. 1.00, Per Y*ar J"Stra
AJJU POSTMASTERS ' *»= *$AS? RIZBD
TO RECEIVE SroSCRIPTIOivS
6aay>:e Copies will be forwarded wn*a rs-
queeted. .
Mail subscribers in ordtrlr.g change of aa-
<ress ahould "o* particular to rive both NbW
AKD OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
j>ro=spt and correct compliance with their re-
«uest-
. OAKLAND OFFICB: _, , , #w _
1«« Broadway Te4-pbon»» Main *083
BEH3CELET OFFICB:
O48 Center Street TH«T>hon* North n
TTASHDf OTON CWHiaXTMNDENT:
RAJTCEL W. tVALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK KBWS STANDS :
vra!«orf-Aetorla Hote!: A. Brentano. 31
friTi Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Flfth-*ve-
cu- Kirtel aod Hoffman Hoase-
CHJCAGO NirWS STANDS:
Sbenz*n House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hou*e.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVB:
C OEOItOE KBOQXESS. .Marquette Building
Owoag IXstaac* Tiiepbfrae. "Central 2«18."')
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
rTEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
JCE"«C" TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARXiTON Herald Sanare
EL-Sns~ESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
r nttl 12 o'clock every nlrtt In the year.
BRANCH OITICES:
Jf<« Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p m.
trr Montgomery etreet. corner C3ay: open
ur.tll 8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet: opet» until 9:30 p. m.
CS< McAl!:eter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f If. Lsrkla street; op*n until 9:30 p. m.
JJ-41 Mission etreet: opea until 10 p. m.
£Kl Market Etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 p. m.
50« Eleventh street; open uatii 9 p. in.
JOf>G Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
rjpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fll'more street; open until 9 p. m.
MEEITirg •tTOTICES.
SCOTTISH RITE — Regular meeting B
Yerba Buena Lodge of P#rf«>cUon No. f\
1 and special meeting Yerba Buena /2«^
Chapter Rose Croix No. 1, Godfrey ' mnM
r' St. Omar Council No. 1 and San Francisco
Ons'.story No. 1, Masonic Temple, 6 Post st.,
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30
o'clock *harp. Business — reception and bal-
loting on petitions and such other business
a* may prort^rly come up.
HENRY BURNER 33, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R A. M. — <s
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- /Vv
gr«. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lcds* No. 1. F and A. «,
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) V*V
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-
sree. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
UDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. *
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS-VV
1'AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- /y/\
< 3d cVsree. F^llowcraft Masons cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— m
Third degree THIS (THURSDAY) < * r ? V'
EVK.VIXG. 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- /^y
«ms cordially invited. By order of th»
Mister. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. end A. q
M.. 317 Dcvisadero ft. — 3d degreeVV
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at /*^\
7:30 o'clock. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the \V. M.
A. 'A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN "WEST Lodge No. 322 .,*wn,.
I o. O. F. — Initiation THIS.$2*£S&Sfe>
¦ THURSDAY) EVENING, July *gajggjjf*?
2», at 6 o'clock sharp; Re- ''SwilrSP*
. menibrance Hall. Visiting and sojourning-
brcthers cordially invited to attend.
W. H. REDELL. Noble Grand.
A. J. DONALD, Recording Secretary.
MASTER Manners' Benevolent As- r-»-__-
eociation — Regular meeting of the |\*X^r* p *
nbcve association will be held at |i**£I^
hall. 320 Post BU. THURSDAY ""
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. All members
are requested to be present, as matters of
importance will come before the meeting to
bt acted UDon. By order of the ,-resitfent
L. TRAUNO, Rec. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle CSub N c? »-
meets THIS <THUR6DAY) EVEN- A. jLSh
INO in Fraternity Ha!l. 32 O'Far-
re!» St.. at S o'clock. "Ladies' *^^fc
night."
GEO. W. :PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. P-ecorder. }
NOTICE to masters of vessels
— You are cordlaHy invited 'f||y'^»|.,
"i estend a rseetinc of mas- jjftj*j[^^^^^
'.*rt to be held at room 1 flSfc*^^^^^
FV-rry building on FRIDAY, I
July 29. at 7 p. ra. By COMMITTEE.
SERVIAN Benevoler.t Society — *
Officers- amfc> men-.bers are re- <VtTP
•p«c-tfu!ly requested to as- _*Jpi4f
? :t; Lie at the lodge rooms, 103 tJS^VSSE
OFarrell M.. THIS DAY at fH&ii-t&J
7'.?.0 p. rn. for the purpose O f 4S»*O :S|
¦transacting official business. L> ?/WPfe''
Kr order of JOHN A. LJUBI- ' \&3C'Kfi'
ERaTICH. President. VJa3*> r
V. RADOGEVICH. Secretary.
GFHtMAN General Benevolent- 6oci«ty — (Quar-
terly rc'rting FRIDAY. July 29. 8 o'clock
P. ra., p.t Mystic Hall. 421 Port tt
HENRY EPSTEIN. President.
CARL GANTZEX, S»creiary.
ANNUAL mect*.r.g — The Risdon Iron and Loco-
Tiotlve V.'orks — The annual meeting of the
«ockr><jJc>rs of th» Rl*<ion Iron and Locorno-
Uve Works, for the tl^cticn of trustees for
tfce ensuing year and the transaction of such
«'ther ?us>i=«M as may be brought before the
meeting, will be fctJd at the office of the
company. Nor 298 fitruart street, Saa Fran-
•• ¦•<.•«.. oa MONDAY, the 1st day of August.
3.0*. it 11 a. m
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
"i Hi: California Debris ComralEsloti. having
:ccelvud application to mine by hydraulic
process from YV\ 3. Berry. Theodore Rupley
«sc Bruce Gntham fn Eugar Pine mine, near
IMno Grande. El Dorado Ccunty. Cal.. drain-
ing into Silver Creek, which reaches Ameri-
«*a River. Rives notice that meeting will ba
Ji'ld £t room 9fi. Flood hulldin;, San Fran-
'!-<•". r»ai.. Aujrcrt S. 1804. at 1 :S0 p. ra.
AGEKI3 VTAHTE3.
¦Mir.NT? wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
»?ry rtcck; liberal cotstrtasicn: cash advanced
or on5»r*: outfit free; experience end capital
act ntcettary If you hsve puih end energy;
a few efceiee fields still open; write b«!ore
assignee. Chico Nursery Co.. Chico." Cat
AGENTS — An agency fcr a prcpos'.ticn that Is
a Ocicifd improvement on building and loan
>r rrortb bavins. Great Western Improve-
a:tr.t Company, rarrott building.
TO ma'jit- rnonpy selling "Our Pioneers": maj-
rjf.crnt in ftyle; Indian eicries to Panama
canal: exctuf-lve territory GEO. W WIL-
LIAMS. «:C2 Eart Twelfth St.. East Oakland.
.HUSTLING fca'ecmen In every town for Ba-
. ter's universal r*sn: Sl'O In one day has been
rr.adc; cample Me. Kafcer Enameled Letter
...Co., "I Fpear St.. San Francisco.
ATTO*ttgSYS-AT-*f J AW.__~
It. TV. KING. Attorsey-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
<"tb floor: entrance room Cll; established 15
yenre; aii ca£«s, general court and office
rracticc: no fee In advance «r fer consulta-
tion; evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AIA'ICE free en all leral rcattcrg: divorces a
specialty; private, quick; -no pay In advance;
mining companies organised: patents obtained;
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market «t.: estah. 22 yrs.
IHNKJON nttr. — M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis *t.. 19
• rt-. practice; refs. from many thousand* of
•rldlers. eallorz. widows and orphans on Pa-
vific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Coats. $12: cj-jick. quiet; advice
free: all law business; no charge unless *uo-
ceeaf ul; <jpcs evcnlscs. 927 laarfcet, room 301.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 ECtfy it., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR tale— Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; flno chance for
fcummer oulinc: al»o for winter shooting and
lishinx: completely turn-shed and equipped
fcr houtek«»cplii£: automatic generator for
mak;ng own eas: toii«-ta; closets: everything
strictly new anj modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged- to go East; make offer. CAMEKON
&. CO.. 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale or trader— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg^-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
! WANTED — To exchance income property *n j
i Alamsda for Btock ot merchandise in S. F. ;
_va!ue about $>*000. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR rale — Carriage and wagon .factory and
jrenrral jobbirz: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modem tools, etc.;
full invfutlgaiion and trial given; retiring
from buiinep. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGEs'made In all kinds** real estate,
rooming-hotjfes and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot. 25x125, with -cottage.
East Oakland; hlch basement, cement sid«-
Talke; everything first class: on direct car
line; for roomlns-hou*e. S. F.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-clas3 electrician and lock-
rr.itth bu?lnoFs; bona. fide proposition; good
rea-Eona for relllnc. CAMERON" & CO.
GROCERY and bar for sale: on one of the
best corners in the city; near Market it.;
must sMi on acccunt of sickness and having
to leave the city. Address box 2204, Call.
PHYSICIAN desires a location, or would as-
sume charge of a practice temporarily.
Vox 3S33, Call.
FOR Eale — Barber shop and residence in good
town; shavlns 25 cents. For information
write to LEO HESS, Valley Ford, CaL
OLD established up-to-date cigar store; cheap;
nice location; leas;: low rent; must be sold.
Box 1270, Call offlco, Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale, with rooms above;
well rented; trade good; fine location; price
$'J50. Box 1908. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Saloon fixtures, etc; good lease;
cheap rent; party obliged to go away. In-
_ nuir * looa ~ 8 Washington st. OakUnd.
FOR sale— Coal and wood yard; established 16
yeare; in good locality. Address box 1056,
Call offlce.
$400— COUNTRY coffee route, clearing $70 per
_jmonth; trial given. Box 2498, Call offlce.
OLD established millinery store; owner retir-
ing from business. 817 Lacuna, barber shop.
FOR eale — Downtown newspaper route. In-
quire at 517 Minna st.
RESTAURANT for eale cheap. 521 Montgom-
ery street.
CIGAR stand for sale; on a prominent corner
south of Market et. Box 2275, Call office.
FOR sale — Hotel In a growing town In Marln
county; contains 15 bedrooms. Box 1985, CalL
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
FOR sale — Corner^aloon, with lease; best busl-
ness street southW Market. Inquire 150 4th.
A SMALL grocery^ and bar wanted. Call at
20 Ritch Bt., near Folsom.
SHOE store and repair shop for sals cheap.
376 Fourth st.
GROCERY store in Frultvale for sale; very
low; good cauEe for selllnz. Box 2244. CalL
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BOOKS. _^__
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN, 857 Geary st.
I.ODOIKG-HOUSES fOB SAI.E.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
- 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent enly $5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
Us.
7-room modern flat, clone In. w«ll furnished;
cosi $500; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent only%125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account elckness; price $4500.
32 rcoms; cheaD rent; 2 year»* lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
nrst-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $.TO0 to $350 per month; here is
beet proposition in city; price $3200.
18 rooms; rent $65; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $800.
65 rooms; beat downtown commercial houss
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-clase condition; will trade for Oak-
land. A!am«da or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45; close in; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure; price $400.
00-room, new. modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment hou«e; cn*ci> rent; most elegantly
equipped !n city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of alckness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East st; rent only $18;
gond furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; « beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
180 rooms; grand, new, modem apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cneap
rent; fine lease, paying $600 to $000 per month;
close in; full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all m fine shape; fine little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S00.
108 rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
car. be paid out of the house; other business
Interests dtmand immediate departure.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cbeap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
14 rooms; rent $75; cood . location on Geary
Et. ; wll furnished; a snap at $750.
128 rooms, cheep rent; long lease; flrst-clasv,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished ;
clearing $500 to $GCO ixtv month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial bouse: clearing $350 to $400 per
month: call for particulars.
12C rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-fo-date house; all men; electric elevator
lights; long lease; clears $400 to- $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the city.
Large list of real 'estate, rooming-houses and
bu»lneES for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY rcoms. nicely furnished, leaso. .$3500
26 rooms, a'l men rcomers, low rent.... 1000
115 roomi-, low rent, country transient. 60O0
21 rooms, rent-only $55 .....500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient jsoo
HI rooms, rent $3 per room ¦. 3404
. Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold and exchanced. • ,
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
~~ MITCHELL & CO.. ~~
1206 Market *t. Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; wll sell any
house; part cash; balance easy^payments. •. -
CO-ROOM .ipartment-house : new; -modern; Im-
posing entrance; beautiful suites; all light
and sunny; lease: rent $6 room: elevator not
necessary; clears $250 monthlyf Box 3108. Call.
FOR eale — Rooming-house; 85 nicely furnished,
airs rooms; good paying business. : Address
Call Agency. Stockton. Cal. s
FOR sale — Apartment house, 24 .rooms;, fine
location; furniture all nearly new. Box 2214.
Call offlce.
LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms and basement, for
sale; all rented. Call at S38 Mission '• at.
FOURTEEN rooms cheap: no reasonable offer
» refused. 212 Fifth at.
ATTOmiXTS AT LAW- -Continued.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fe«s or
cceta in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 810 Market ?t.. r.33.
MONEY advanced hoirs on estates; estates pro-
bated; contul. free. F.Coltoum, att'y.927,Mkt.
L. 6. CLARK. 027 Market St.: consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pension."*— SONNTAG'B PAT-
ENT & 1T-N6ION AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR *a>— First-class runabout for 2 or 4 pas-
eengera; 10 horsepower: double opposed gas
engine. L. D. OANDION, 102 Phelan bldg.
SECOND-HAND automobiles: first-class eondi- \
tion: runabouts, touring car? at bargain >
prtc*». Addrecs box 27SS. Call office. J
FOR sale — Knox runabout. 1003 pattern: flrst-
cla*g /ondltlon: orn'r leaving town; a bar-
gain. Address box 2SSD. Cn'l offlce.
FOR sale— A White Stanhope with boggy top;
uw?a v*ry little; price $676. Eox 2209, Call.
OLDSMOB1LE for es-Ie at a sacrifice. Address
box 2245. Call office-.
FOR Mde — Rambler touring ear. Box 1814,
Call office.
FOR b«J« — Covert runabout; nearly new. Ad-
dress bos 1060. Call offlce.
A WEEK'S news for ft cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year
ASTBMA KEanGDY.
A. Di Nola's Asthma R«minlr relieves Instant-
ly: 10c 25c. fiOc 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BIRDS, -DOQS. ETC. _
YOUNO parrots, guaranteed to talk, $3 each;
largest variety dogs, birds, cages, etc.. at low
prices. 1M4-46 Market, at.
BUSINESS CBCAKCES.
A — $1500; HOTEL and roxdhoube. with IS fur-
nished rooms; rent $70; 5 yesut' lease; large
barns, yard, orchard, etc.; 2tf steady board-
er*, horses* buggies, etc.; the bedt-payinf
country hotel in San Mateo County, bee
n. G. WILKE. 26 1 -, Ktarny st.
$400^— SALOON on Turk St.; net rent $150; 5
years' lease; elegantly fitted up place &DA
good p&yins business. Call R. G. W1LXI-;,
-tfi-j Kearny et.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE baktry; dally tales
&bout $50; n-jw wagon, 2 horses, etc; rent
$45; stock at invoice; only cash trade; a fine
buslce*s otter. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
i'6V« Kearny «t,
A— $760; SALOON, with rooms; rent $27 50;
eetabl. years; this is a good place for man
and wife; location the best. Call K. G.
WILKE. -04 Kearny «t.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location In the Mission; place
ectabllshed years and flrst-class paying; full
value In sight. See K. O. WILKE. 2U>.,
Kearny at.
A— «1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 2G% Kearny gt.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best In this
city; or owner will take a partner for $S00O:
this is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying place in this city. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. 26*j Kearny st.
A — $6500; CORNER saloon. estabL many years,
and known to be one- of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest Investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILICE. 20H Kearny st.
A— $1800; ROADHOLSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 stables, etc.;
'*. well-ad vet tis*d and good-paying bouse.
Call R. G. WILKE. j 26*j Kearny st.
A— $6000; CORNER saloon. With 4 yeArs'
lease; about i. block from Market and "Ellis
rts.; place doing a rushing business ; value
in sight; owner must leave for the East.
See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $850; QDRXER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 blcck couth ot Market and Powell
•ts. ; a good business; owner engaged in
other buslnrps cause ot sale. Particulars
R. O. WILICE. 26H Kfamy st.
A — $2lK*0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
«nd sacrifices; saloon eetablUhM years; tt
first-class paying place. See R, Q. WILKE;
2f>'t Kearny st.
A— $1000; RAR\ chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant In San Rafael; daily re-
ceipt* $25; rent $30; good business; value
la sitht: patronized by b*st class of people.
tree R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A — $S00; CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded, by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 2CV& Kearny.
A — $2500; LEADING hotel In the best business
town 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
<".inlng-room; long leaee; no better chance for
hotel busin^ES In the interior. Call R, G.
WILKE. 2Clt, Kearny at.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
test paying corner saloons In this city;
dtily receipts about $40; place clears net
Above $S0O cer month; location 1 flrst-dass.
Pee R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— $1«X): SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton sts.: rent $160; lease; place estab-
lished years; flrst-claas business. Call R, G.
WILKE, 20»4 Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc.: finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 2t»H
Kearny st.
A — $3500 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California: olace mutt b" secrlficed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2QU, Kearny st.
$1500— CIGAR and notion (tore; clearing $100
monthly; 4 large rooms; furnished; low rent.
$000 — Oyst\r house and restaurant.
$1500 — Restaurant, coffee and lunch bouse.
$75 — Cigar stand; nice location.
$11)00 — Grocery: cood family liquor trade.
A large list of rooroinc-houtes and business
chances a I way* on hand. For particulars in-
quire Merchant?' Agency, 10GSH Market Et. |
$4(>00 — GENT'S furnishing goods, statiqnery,
notions and variety store: established 15
years; 6-ye*r lease; transfer corner; full
value; ca*h business and paying; rent, ac-
count of ' leaee. very r<»otonable; a bargain;
whclMale houses as references. Union Busi-
ness Exchange. 93:1 Market st.
$300— PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG &- ARMSTRONG, 31S Kearny et.
$7000 — Hotel: 76 rooms; all light rooms: electric
light; water every room; al! n*w; money j
maker. Berg & Armstrong, 318 Kearny st. i
$C50 — WILL secure a lifelong position and in-
come of $90 cuaranteed* experience unneces-
sary, but party must* furnish references;
present Income can oasily be doubled with
dorr attention to duty. Particulars 1007}J
Market st., room 1. •
A GOOD payinc bakery; fine family trade;
long lease: reel only $15 per month; every-
thing in first-class condition; a good oppor-
tunity for a practical baker: only $300 cash
required. HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh
street and Railroad avenue. Alam*da.
$850 — CIGAR store: Ideal location; value In
Fight; daily tales $17: rent $5S.
HC00 — 30-ro;>m lodging-house; worth $2500.
$400— Restaurant: factory dist.; long lease.
Pacific Heal Estate Co.. 1015 Market nt.
FOR sale — Coffee, tea and eplce route over IS
years' standing; Ff-iilr.tr on account of retiring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 119
Front et., between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
$509 SEX7UB.ES . interest in established manu-
facturing- b'.isincss; party wanted to oversee
help, attend shipments, etc.; nothing difficult
to learn; can draw $100 month from business.
247 Fifth st.
WANTED — To buy a half Interest in a good
Krocery etore or grocery and bar; prefer the
partner to be a man thoroughly acquainted
with the business. Addess, with particulars,
box 3290. Call offlce.
A— $100; PARTNER . for well-paying cigar
etar.d on busy ei., near and north ¦ Market ;
nicely fitted;- full stock: coed day and night
trade. Call BROOICBANK. 917 Market st.
A RELIABLE man wanted as partner wl,th
$200 cash; will pay $&0 per month to each,:
permanent jJlace; a good chance for an actjvo
man. Apply 87 Third St.. room 14.
FIHST-CI Afla^Wrdware store, well established
and located, for sale on account of sickness;
only $S2S0; take half city real estate. Box
38C5. Call offlce.
FOR salc^ — A $2800 . confectionery and ice-
cream parlor: everything new; the finest fur-
ri«hcd place north oZ S. F. Write to the
Palace Candy Store. L. B. 13, Red Bluff. Cal.
SAI/KDN and 15 rooms for sal©; 3-year lease;
will e«H half or whole interest. 212 East st.
OWL saloon and dance hall: fine location;
guarantee good business: must be eold; price
reasonable. Inquire C. de' Julio. 1126 Dupont.
SALOON; lone lease; terms rea«. Apply 0 to
11 a. m..* 6 to 9:30 p. m.. 251 FjeH; no agents
WANTED— Lady or gent for partner; handle
your own money. Box 3824. Call office.
_"E"DUCATIOarAXr— Contlnnefl.
HINMAN'S School" of" Dancing. ~1U2 Polk st^
bet. Pine and California, ami branch sthcxi.
cor. Howard and 21st — Atlult i-Iasscs ar« nor
open; children's class will open Sat., Au?. 1 ;.
ENGINEERING— Civil. e!ec., min.. meih..3url
vey, assay, cyaniile: d.iv. ev. : enx i ?**H. Van
. der Naill«m School. ll."> Kultcn. nr. City Hill.
BOOKKKKPINO. Ens., math.. *tc. ; day and
eve.: lniilvi.lual instr. 3C."» T^ark!n Kt.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly prfs. Phc. Bus. Ccl.
WKSTEHN Eusiness Collie. ttO7 Mkt.. '•om-
plets course. C mo. $"!0. ev». $i mo. ; p/* ate.
PIANO and German: pupil cf I^fpsic Conserv-
atory; moderate terms. ;M'» CoiJen Gate av».
CALIFORNIA Business »:d>rr. a-J5 Golden
Gate a.vp.. S. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
sraiPiOYTASirr orncais.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese emplorin^nt nfflp*
supplies b»"3t h?!p promptly; city cr rnunfrv.
S. 1MURA. S30 i?.icramento. Tel. James 3C81.
A— ORPHEt'M Employment Offlce— Ja ran «»<^
Chinese he!p. CS Powell St.: tel. Main 3752.
WE furnish bookkeeper*, clerks. stenrcraph#r«,
general help. "NAT1ON"AL.^_3C9 Hearst b:d.
CHINESE Employment Office^ — Best help at
Leon Seung"s, 411 >i O'Farrell ;_tel. East 4C3.
JAPANE?E-Ch!nes# Emp. Office. 413 Stockton;
beat hqip- Fritz Tamagaki, mgr. ;tsl.Bush 809.
RFLIABI^K Japanww-rhlnese Employment O»-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3139.
CHINESE ami Japanese help: estab. 20 y«ara.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EBIPIiOTMEUT WAJTTSP— narAIiI!.
GIRL wants a position to assist with light
.housework: r.-a^es frcm $12 to $15; reference;
adults preferred; no postals; call from 9 to
2 o'clock. -.-;i> Larkin st.
LADY traveling: with husband, covering all
' principal cities w?«t of Chicago, would intro-
duce any a ••¦¦•'. article for responsible fion.
Box 3S:r.>, Calh '
A RELIABLE woman wants washing or haune-
work by the dayj Si 50 and car fare. 22D
Natoma st . upstairs.
MIDDLE-AGKD American woman dcalre*
housekeeper's poslt.cn; small family; country
preferred. Address A. N. A.. 1235 Market.
YOUNG lady desire* position aa stenographer;
¦alary *25. with chance of advancement.
Box US23, Call.
COMPETENT woman wants work by th» day.
washing, ironins or housework. 733 Stev«n<
son st.
COMPETENT woman wants work by th« day.
washing, ironing or housework. 776 Howard
st. and lv.» Fourth st.
WANTED — By a neat yotinj girl, second work;
wages $20; Box SS25. CalL
YOUNG girl wants Mtuatlon as nurse girl or
upstairs work. l'X'.» Clay «t.
WANTED— In San Francisco or vicinity, board
In private family, school or sanitarium la
exchange for instruction in physical cultur*,
medical gymnastics or elocution, by an ex-
perienced teacher; best of professional ref-
erences. Address Physical ¦ Culture, 575
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
WANTED — A position by a respectabls young
woman to do chamber and upstairs work;
can fyrnlsh reference and will work for
reasonable wazes; also understands care of '
children. Address answers care of box
3812, Call offlce. - *
A REFINED American Udy would like po-
sition a» nurse to one small child or two
grown children; good needle woman: wages,
$25 to $S»>; best of reference*. Call or ad-
dress C. l'M2 Larkin st. -
STRONG, competent American woman, tem-
perate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by th» day; fine laundress; cheerful
worker; $1 25 and carfare. ISO Fourth at..
first flight, room 24.
A SITUATION wanted by a good housekeeper
with the best of city references. For particu-
lars, call or write to 7UU Ellts St.. between
Polk and Larkin.
CAPABLE girl wants situation to do general
housework and cookies in a small family:
wages *25. Apply at 306 Diamond »t-. near
Twentieth.
RESPECTABLE woman, good Cook and "laun-
dresa, wishes position la American family:
fond of children; will go in country; refer-
encea; wages moderate. 704 Folaom st. '
YOUNG womapsE»3uld like to wash socks and
handkerchiefs for men; reasonable; mendln*'
same: called for and delivered. Box 2747.
Call office.
A YOUNG lady would like honest work; gocd
at flxures; two terms at high school; small
wages at first, with view of advancement.
Box 2720. Call office.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, a place-
for light housekeeping or nursing; terms rea-
sonable. Address 232 Francisco »t., near
Dupont. corner alley.
REFINED young lady wishes position in re-
spectable family to do upstairs work and
sewing; first-class seamstress. Box 3313.
Call offlce.
2 COMPETENT young women. 1 cooking,
plain washing: the other second work, wait-
ing. Apply ell Halght at. •
"WOMAN wants situation as cook or to do gen>
eral housework In private family; city or'
country. Please call 254 Natoma st.
LADY with girl 3 years old would like a p!ac«
as working housekeeper; city or country. Box
3817. Call offlce.
WANTED — By middle-aged lady, housekaro-
er"s position In widower's family, cr for In-
valld lady. Box 2S9«. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day* washing or
housecleanlnir. $1 50 and car fare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes «.
BY a reliable woman with a boy S yean, a*
housekeeper; no objections to tha country.
31 Lafayette, off Mission, bet. 11th and 12th.
A COMPETENT middle-aged German woman
wishes housekeeper's position. $23 up. Ad-
dress box 23S0. Call office.
GOOD dressmaker will reduca her price from
$2 50 to $1 73 a day during the dull season;
references. Address 2S45A Mission st. .
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; have ex-
perience with children. Address box 272«,
Call offlce.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes work by tae day
or at home; $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl St..
between Valencia. Market and Thirteenth.
A NEAT, responsible housekeeper, with a
child 5 months old. wishes position; country
preferred. 553 Stockton st.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
Remington machine. Box 3S16. Call offlce.
SWEDISH lady wishes position as housekeep^
er. 201 0 Mission St.. near Sixteenth.
SEWING by the day; good fitter: shirtwaist
suits made In a day; $2- day. 'S!0 Limien ave.
WANTED— Plain sewing to do at horn*. 2033
PoIK st. /
COOK wishes a situation. AL NAUDE. 1323
Powell st. - I. 1
A FIR3T.-CLASS dressmaker will work after-
noons: 75c. Box 2J00. Call office. •
SITUATION wanted by German girl as house*
keeper. Box 21C3. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by a young lady for any
kind of work. MISS B.. 30 IB Seventh st. •
SITUATION as a cook. 102 Austin ave. .
YOUNG girl wUhts position aa governess.
Box 2473. Call office.
POSITION as waitress; short hours. Box 2SS3^
Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as hotel manager: fifteen
years' experience. Box 2331. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day. 74« Howard st.
A YOUNO Japanese girt wishes a portion as
;cnor.lglrl' near the Japanese Mission. T.
AONO. 1011 Bush at.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for TTst
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receive at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church ats.
EMPLOYMENT WAnTED—MAXS.
WANTED — Any good .steady chorework or
caretaker, suburb* or small country town,
help around place of trust, either axed in-
valid or kind people only, by younz. com-
petent. reliabl» New York State. American,
willing man. 34: best habits; references: no
teamster; can milk; reasonable was;*. Ad-
dress P. J. F.. box 2468. Call office.
POSITION aa traveling salesman by experi-
enced, single, sober hustler: thorough know!-
edee Western territory: bonds and Al ref-
erencea. Eox 5815. Call offlce.
BARBER, first-class, wants position in ctty
or country: write full particulars. Addresa
J. A. WEBB. 7S» McAllister St.. 3. F.
WANTED — Light employment of any klni.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
BARBER wants position in city or oouatry.
Address box 3171. Call office.
CIAIBVOTAHTS— Continued.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings daily. 917 Market, room 3.
COTTAQS3 TO LiT.
SUNNY cottage 5 rooms and bath; yard and
basement; rent $20. 3783 Army St., near
Sanchez.
IN Mission, sunny cottage, 5 rooms and bath,
basement. 438 11th ave., Richmond district.
CZ.0THIRQ BEITOVATING.
SUIT? cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver fre«.
,_; uw^ <go*MfJBCTnow r qrpiCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Mala 5330.
pENTXSTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per aet; extracting 50c; gaa given.
DR. iKNOX. dentist, now located at th« Grand
building. 1095 Market st. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. 205 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up: Crowng.$2 up; filllngs.25c
ALL' work guaranteed by tha New York den-
tists. Dr. Ferklnst Mgr.. »e3 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-denUst.r.14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 8C6 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; •liver. 33c: crowns. $2; nu
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Suttr.
DSjESSMAXEjttS^NT^SEAaiSTKESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MillinerjTiichoc!—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting Stew-
art's button It buttonhole factory. 110* Taylor.
'.-... n P ?i?'fj I ?-P ITA^'' '•' ~~
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
st., between Third and Fourth; more space-
finer rooms: better light; finest In the \Vest :
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE^
E 't, R -. at 5^ s - founder and manager~Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course
$5 a month; life scholarship. $5O. Day.
evening. Bancroft bids.. 723 Market st.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs.. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bids.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of AcTtijg~g!ves
more, performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
( schools: special snmmer course. 414 Mascn.
A — CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435~Mar-
ket. guarantees positions to graduates- Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
Individual ins true; all branches; day, eve.
MARION .GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
| Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
. -. ¦
. — !
85 ROOMS: men roomers; rent $225: new
house; new turn.: long lease. Marlon Orlfnn.
FIRST-CLA88 FURNITURE, new carpets. 20
lar«:e rooms; rent $85; strictly respectable;
profits $75 mo.; price $1«00: part cash: nr.
, Geary, on sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
CLEAN AS A PIN — 15 rooms; new furniture;
downtown: come and buy at your awn price;
bona fide. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT— Extra well furnished: quiet; 30
rms.; lease; clears $250: could clear $400;
price $3000; part cash. M. GRIFFIN. >
20 ROOMS: Sutter st.: cheapest rent in city;
• guaranteed to clear $90 mo.: highly r»"sr\ct-
abie; gift at $1500. MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN HUNTERS, here's your chance;
. $700 house for $350. MARION GRIFFIN.
$800; PART cash; 14 rooms; well iurnlshed;
nice house and well located. M. GRIFFIN.
30 ROOM8 with elegant furniture; fine corner
on Sutter Et.. clearing $175 monthly: hlgh-
clas» roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
140 ROOMS: first-class hotel with b/r; will
pofltively clear over $1000 per monfJi; noth-
lnj In Srin Francisco outside or the St.
Francis Hotel will equal it In point of fur-
nlshlnrs; every room an outside room;
steam heated and every known modern con-
venience; If you are looking for one of the
city's best business opportunities on easy
terms, «tet full particulars from
' - . \ MARION GRIFFIN.
$400; 16 ROOMS: 10 furnished. 6 unfurnished;
desirably located; broken arm Is reason for
selllnz; clean; new! house; If thls-doesn't
suit, what on earth do you want for youz,
money? . . MARION GRIFFIN. ¦
RELUBLE Information concerning apartment-
houECg in S. F. MARION GRIFFIN.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
"United State* or Canada one year for SI. !
CABPET BEATHTG AITO CMSAlTinCr.
¦ COJdPRKSSED Air and Vacuum Procesa now
universally used : for cleaning carpet* on floor
without removal; caroeta and rugs ars also
cleaned by compresned air at shop: prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market »t.; phones Mala 152 and'
Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
I s»nd for SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 4a
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth »t.— Flmt-c!a«s
- carpet cleaning 3c yard. • Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1P09 Har-
'rlson st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
¦ 333. Golden Gate ave. Telephone Eaat 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tressca made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.,e*rpet-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel.Mission 263,
ggraiTPAiasM.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night, 10c 610
McAllister; come, skeptics; readings dally.
Mrs.E.M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, beal-
lng, developing. 2500 Mission; tel.Church 20i"5.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
crcArBVOYAirrs.
AA — CALL at once «f*3 save. 94.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever, in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry: in fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I.will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature «o you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, lirlns back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. ro. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. 320 O'Farrell St.. 826.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to :
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
. have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction ttuar-
anteed; open Sundays.. Tel. Black 4560.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not bo relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matter*
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone
, 428 Eddy St.; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours. 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS. i
. The Prophet of the Nile will give free lec-
ture on occultism, west parlor Golden Gate
Hall. Sunday evening, under auspices Ori-
ental mystics: public invited. Sittings, con-
tultations dally afterns. & evgs. S6S Geary.
A— Miss M. Wille, S30 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
.tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without - asking a ques-
tlon; names given; gpeclai, $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love-affairs, domestic
'trouble; bus. and financial success: names;
L., 50c: G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. O. ave.
ISMAR, -Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, llt>J
Market St., San" Francisco. Office hours — 10
¦ a. rn. to G p. nvT Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day eveninjt. 8 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberjr, : palmist, '•clairvoyant.oani
reader: when others fail try meifrood readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.Q.Q.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. .8 :EHls st. '
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower: flat. 220 Eddy.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth st.; meeting every
.night: 10c; ladies* circle Wed.*, Sat. at 2, 10c.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
(TinirF TAI IFORNIA fANDIFS FRFFTO WANT ADVFRTISFRS IK
vJ iv/IV^L V^AI— II Vyl\lMI/\ V^/\l I I ALL I w W-AIN I Al/VLii i s^li \u bin
California Confections Thai: Pfease the Pafafe.
1 .FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN ...
[NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
RAMONA SWEETS A TREAT TO EAT.
—YOUR CHOICE OF ONE BOX OF
RAriON A CHOCOLATE CH I PS
/ ¦
OR THE
•RflnoNfl.-poriiNoeSs
Pamnna Czmdip^ afC a home production, made in Calif ornia, the land of sunshine, -
ramona and PRO cess, and
represent high art in candy making. Special attention is given to the selection of in-
gredients that make up these candies, and the factory at Berkeley is a model of immac-
ulate cleanliness.
Ramona Chocolate Chips afC strictly pure and wholesome, always crisp— a
r dainty, delicious morsel.
In Ramona Dominoes we arc offering advertisers a box of the cleanest and
= most appetizing candy on the market.
"They taste like more."
Ramona Candies are on sale everywhere.
GIHS GIVEN THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 MacAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open Until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission-street; open until 10«p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
• Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
; 2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
' ' BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
) \ ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store. Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY 2S, 1904.
11
JC3s*PjLOTltE3fT -WrAJrTEP— ;TMTl1») Con. 1
HASTEIiN pcultrj-niaji- 7 years* experience. I
ustd ".'_• Ircubotcrs and brooders. »i;/» work j
oa poultry raa^h to mrige; would take
ranch to rcn on shares. Poultryman, box
SS27. Call office,
EP.VNISH rOBBC roan, well educated, desires
i»jsit_i-oa tn *cme busiaeas house or private
house lor trinslatlaic the Spanish correspon-
dence: ff"'' wases; give good references.
« 507 Pine £t. -»- : '-
WANTED — By cood cook and general utility
man. -tftaBdsM with private family or club la
vuburlan locality; daci«. middle-aged Amer-
ican: ref<r«ices. Bcx 2435. Call. - , "
A CERM*.N'. middle-aged aad single. wi»hes
a siruav'vn as clerk in tLiwetj store and bar-
rcorr»- Srst-c'.ass reference*. W. BOHLINO.
?X7 K^a-'^r tt-
BTBT-'CTUHAL draftsman seeks position; 8 |
; rars" shop practice aad office experience; |
graisate; best references. Box 2134, Call.
TOUNG man. Jirst from Efaglar.d. seeks situa-
tion; roo<i eale«r.an; competent bookkeeper:
nut afraid of work. Box 3S23. Call.
SITUATION — If you wajst a good cigar stand
salesman address W. G. WILLIAMS, 29
Market st.
BRIGHT. er*>rri?ti- yrusg maa of IS wishes a
poeitwa to-* travel as a firsimmer's assistant
Hex SS37 Call. .
AA — EELLBOY seeks employment; city cr
country ; Al references. Bcx 3S11. Call.
BAREEH war.rs extra position; eteady. Ad-
dress bcx 2SC3. Call effice. ,
AN experienced buyer ar.d manager is opea
for an e-igigemeat; gfneral merchandise;
specialty, d&thtnx. hats, furctsh:*ig goods;
can ri'*r* men and handle stock to make
mct-r; Fncdpals oc!y. Box 2765. Can.
VAN. ax« 28. good education and well ad-
\-inee<l is electricity, w&cts wcrk cf any
kfnd is. place not coctr^IJed ty unions; best
references. Bcx 3514. Call ofSc*.
AN elderly man. best references, withes posi-
tion, as elerxtrr mriser or watchman; speaks
and writes Er?: rh. French and German. I
Ecx 2743. Call office. f
MECHANICAL draughtsman; gtwd designer !
and detailer: 18 years* ex3*rten<-e: isintng,
•taXiaSary. power plants, factortee; wants |
poeiticn or- work at home. Bcx 2733. Call.
TOCNQ. can. well edacatea. accuraU aad
rtrtctij' reliable, with knowledge of book-
keex.i=« asd business experience, wants p»-
ritica: r*f>rtnc*a. Bcx 2397. Cail office.
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man would
like prsiticn as znasacer of hotel; any size. :
Address T. C. KING. Hotel Sequoia. 80S j
Geary st I
TOUNG maa wants position as fireman around j
trisilruticn: dry or country; steady and '
har^y. Box 2^75. Call office.
, A FIRST-CLASS machir."*t and dlemaier I
wants position: expert en tools; references ,
given. Box 23S6. Call office.*
UFIIOLSTEREIl. German. «peaks Uttle Eng- I
'..??: ucderstanfis the whole furniture bttsl* |
res*. SCHMITT. 16 Mobs st
WANTED — By it«aay. industrious yeens; man. i
;-rt;cn as shipping clerk; experienced; best [
c:ty reference*. Address bcx 23U2. Call.
MIU'DLE axed, active man want* ucstttoo as |
vatchsvi er janitor; strictly t<"tn;>erat»>: j
bend if repaired: references. Bcx 2750; Call.
IA1NTER. pap^r-hareer and tinter: first class;
has all tncis: wili work reasonable. - Ai-
dress S23 Geary at.; shone Lcrkin 1203.
PORTER wants «e"v 215 Stevenson st
PLATEN pressman wants po«iticn. A"d2ress
A. B. C. 1523 O FarreU tt.
fclTUATION' i= dry roods house. Ecx 2717,
Call cifice.
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply F.
NELSON. 714 Bnsh st
WANTED — BY Crst-class bookkeeper, set of
bocka to keep eTfr:t=rs. Box 2733. Call.
oV." ANTED— A pcaiticn as clerk. Bcx 272*. Call
office.
AN experienced city sat»sinan wishes grocery
*rec:a!ty en commission. Bcx 2174. CalL
CARPENTER wants work: rru*h or ficiah-
:rjr; c:ty -t country. Bcx 2716. Call. .
EXETATOB curator wants place. G. FARGO.
-47 K*arry «t.
A JAPANESE High School student want* a
situation ** *ebi»'boy; .'.;.-. cook: nice
waiter: all tcu»eworit understood ; £{ week. ,
&jx 2.S0S. Cm.11 orace. \_^
A .'aPaXESE TV ell educated bey wants a pc- j
::: n for elevatcr rr other job during night
¦ -r. 7 r- m. b 11 p. m.; rocm out Box
M Call cf£c«
A "••."LITE Jipanes*. who can do plain cock-
1ns, wishes ntuaticn as schoolboy: speaks
- sh: references. S. K-. 132» Pine st_;
••:. Lerkin 2C11
m
3XPA3tKS2 war^s situation to do cook^s?:
- --. family; tur iTi^mmendatiens. AJdress
T. H. cere 1C13 V»a Ness ave-. tity.
JAPANESE couple want situations, man as
co-.it mtfe waitress and io housework: refer-
m<t«. $C0. Iit»j San Pablo ave., OaitiaiiL
JAPANESE; Mm -class cook; wishM position
ta f.i— .:y; city cr country; cood references;
$.* week ua. c. ?".. room 10 f:SA Pest et
A JAPANESE bey wishes place as schoolboy ;
wtthem wn; plain cock and waiter.
YaMADA. £11 Stockton rt.
TOUNO Jar,a_r:e5» bey wants a position as
scixclbry; -.'.i-ratands cooking: speaks welL
H KJL^ATAKI. bcx 2743. Call office.
JAFANE.-Z. r.*a: acd enerreUc. wants to
work t:s rtssare to Et Louis fair; under-
?-jLr.»jg g«:ti<-man"s care. YOLV. C33 6utter.
A JAPANESE first -clasrs cock wants po»iticri
__ . K>7 Polk St.. GEAN HARL
A • rl.v-SE first-^lara c ick wishes position.
.'-^•¦m. AH LOT. 27 ¦W.*ver!y .-Ucc.
FIATS TO I>ET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All --_!-* vacant houses acd Cats are list-
ed 1e ocr fr«e reratas; departraent : over 100«
'r: suirber; a ccmbin«d list from all agencies;
l*t us give you a list aad help you to Sad
a p>ace: we never fail; eerrice free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1CC3 MARKET eT..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HCT5KS sr.d fiats to let: an Immense l!st:
»«-rlce absolutely free; take advantage of
ttir department: it wiU sare you time and
trwrfal*. Ccrees Fcrrltrre Co.. > 213-223
Geary «t. en the SQuare.
MASONIC av-.. I3C7— New Bat C* C rooms and
bath; Larre basement and L-^ement room;
rent HZ 5».
N f 't;. lii<>— Beuutlfai rwa "¦ i , uuany corner;
5 rooms and bath; ail nv y^\ imprTve-iests;
icnvenUEt to Cajtro ar.J . .'h-st cars.
NEW 7-rocm middle Bat, fSS; *-room bo*is», I
; latest lsproverat:!-*; 2 toilets ta each.
15t> pecotid are, sear Cal'.'srnia st
CASTRO. *21. sr. I7th-5u.i = y belt; modern
t;;*r FYesrh ejirriy II rooms; balcony:
rra^J view; conv. fcr 2 families; $40; stable.
HOWARD. * v y.av-Vr-;or fiat « «u==y rooms.
t.3th. t."7 ~m;; ytabie if deil.-ed; no childrea.
LAKE. 7;;— New e-rocm flat: r«st $25; raa-
r:-e t-i*w. /
f2> 50— ZK FREDERICK— New epper Cat 7
T^xsrr. and batV
GROVE. 7SO— ii-itra. mldiie Cat; « rooms;
bath; storeroom; aiu'.ts.
LARGEST list of basaa and fiats to let Call
en LYO.V & HOAO. 116 Zlqai£C£s.eiy rt.
$22 50—* ROOMS and tati. 127 Jttliaa ave..
eff Sixree-;h z -£ Mission rts.
$77 5O-FUXNT bay-wlsdow Cat 7 r. and b.;
170S Wishlnr.ct Urcbsen Co.. 20 Montzmry.
rX*ATS JLCT — FTTBJTZSZEO .
HAJGHT. 1283. Hue=a VixlaT^=r?'c«ntral m
— ElejaEti/ farrUsfced fiats; al*o nafarnlshed:
fccste has all ccnvecJenccs axtd ta attsate4 ta
•ciect u:tiLo:t.^.
r»'I'..*ELT *urnJsb«<l upper Cat of 5 rooms and
tarh; ~r*l ar.d gas «toves; »o" children. Ia-
_ <F*lnt iZM Dr.i^rts st
L/JlIBARD. SOS— Ftat. fl rooms; new carpets,
pas range." gardtr-. $30; with rtahle. $40.
UTil, 43S. acar Valencia— Sunnr furnished
fiat. 7 rooms; gas rangr; adclts only: f 15.
WASHINGTON. JS23— N-au r furnished sunny
Cat. 4 larre rootsa. rarden, S15.
_riAT8 roa saxe— rrntarsHXP.
FOR «gj« — a furnished 8-room modern flit oa
ccreer; fcjxit-r. nearly cew. Box 18«L
Call efgee. '
CN accotret cf leaving cJty. eazy flat of 5
rooms «.t a bargain. 607 Powell »t
COMPLETELY f-jmlahed Cat. S rooms, for
_ ¦tie: gcai pejg^borhooil. Box 2215. Call.
WnLL f^rniihed flat, 9 rooms, for sale, $800.
AMrea bcx 2252, Call office. J
PITBJUTUKE FOB BAXE.
YOC can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50 ,
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Port »t. near Powell.
MANTEL folding bed for sale (oak); Crst-claas
order; not "used long. Box 3237, Call office. ,
NO. 7 Majertlc range, front and back parlor
carpets and piano for sale. 41S Hyde st
Anderson Auction House, 19 Turk. cr. Market
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Earger. 433 Valencia.nr. 16th. Tel. Church 3879.
ruaJITTiaE WAaTlta.
~~ ABE LEVY. -r~—
Salesroom. 1135 Market St. Tel. Jessie 7*}1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CIL\S. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S3 Mlu4on;teL Bush 413.
HEIJP jtrAHTEO— -PEMAT^E.
WANTED — A vomin cock for the delicatessen
department of !ary« country grocery More.
$40; also a saleslady who understands the
delicatessen trade. .$35; cook, short orders,
ZZ5, country; German cook, no wash. 3 In
family, $35; first-class nurse. $30; waitress,
country hotel, south. $23. fare paid; chara- j
berraaid aad laundress, country hotel, $25;
chambermaid and wait one meal. city. $20;
bePalit J15: second girls. $23, $33: girts for
cookiiisr. housework, etc.. for city and coun-
try. $25 and $30: 2 North German nurses, $30
and 525; many others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Satter et. •
A — WANTED — Girls to learn ha!rdress!ng.
marJcuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to these entering now; j
three positions to fill Immediately; position* j
suar&cteed at $10 per week up: leading |
school In Weet 233 Geary st. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
la one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wit up; i
•lay ani evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment hair wcrk. removal superfluous hair; $5 2 j
wka.; day eve. class: positions secured; highest
wajr<?9. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell. |
. . |
YOUNG Ctrl for reneral housework and cook- |
lnjt; small family; good wages. SO Carl St.,
rear Cole.
GOOD girt wajated to do cooking and light
housework; family of three; good references ¦
required. Apply box 3S31, Call office.
¦WANTED — Ftrcr.g young woman for attend- j
ance u;>cn invalid: situation permanent. 2527 i
Goujh «.. near Green. . J
TPACKEK wanted. Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and Waller «t
FINISHER en custom coats; experienced on
buttonholes. 14 Harriet st
GIRL to assist with housework: good home;
moderate wases. 1115 Devisadero st
EXPERIENCED bag operators wanted. Ill
Clay trt-
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer to go j
to Sacramento. Apply between 9 and 11 a. I
m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Girls for making grape baskets;
pay while learning. Apply Weston Basket
Ccrapany. Third and Berry sts.
WANTED — Cook and general housework:
small family; references. 401B Van Ness ave. I
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In August '
Write E. Clemens Horst, 122 Batlery st.S.F. I
ttttt-'P WASTED— HALE.
! A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMEN?^CGENCY? " I
Phone Main 1191. ¦ «3S Commercial st
I OFFICE FEE $1. NEVADA FEE $1 ONLY.
T»ara»t»r», ?75.
Laborers, $75.
This is ca the U. S. canal, near Wads-
worth; new -work; good place and good pay
and you se* boss here.
CALIFORNIA NORTH.
10 laborers to build logging raJlroad, $60;
ccmpar.y wcrk; this is gool. take it.
TEAMSTERS, ATTENTION!
« teamster-, $1 50 day and board, north in
Calif craia.
Fee $1 — Lea Anjsles County — Fee $1.
20 teamsters for long Job. $60.
LUMBER COMPANIES.
15 laborer?, $40 and fd.; 6 lumber pliers.
East. J4<> acd i d. ; 20 boys for box factory,
M &> day.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Clerk ta assist Is store, large mine, $30 and I
fd.; rhoreman. $15 and fd.; eld man for doc- I
tor. $10 aad fd.
MINES. SOUTH.
6 laborers, good mine. $4O and found.
WE SHIP TO-DAY.
Nevada. Los Angeles. San Bernardino.
Sfcasta, Eutte. Glenn and Tuolumne counties;
long Jobs, good pa.y, so sec us.
COACHMAN and wife for country, $50; man
for wocd and coal yard. $2 day; milker and
chcrenian. $30 and found; farmers. $25 and
fennd; harnessmaker for ranch. $1 50 day
and board: wagonmaker. $2 50 day: laborers.
$2 25 day: old chorernan. $10 and found: I
ar.d ethers. J. . F. ' CROSETT & CO., «J23 |
Sacra mento st.
CCOK and wife aad daughter for ranch. $tW;
cook and wife for institution. $50 and found;
cook, country. chop house. $33 and found; in-
f ¦:.. servant private family, $25 and found;
dishwasher. $25 and found: vegetable man.
$20 ani found; waiter. $25 acd found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. <S2S Sac-
ramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial tt.. near Kearny.
Phone T*sh SiT— JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
4 carpenters, company work, ship to-day; 3
carpenters. large ctx. steady Job. $.S0 found;
2O laborers, tip* line, $45 found; 3 laborers,
logging R. R. . $-T5 found: 10 laborers, lanre
lumber co.'s H. R-. north. $40 found; wheel-
wright ranch. $45 found: 3 butchers, shops
and ranch«>s. $.""0 and $40 found: chlngle
Jointer. $40 found: 10 laborers. $2 25.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agent*. 93 Third st
2 carpenter?, country. 9 hours. $2.
Bus boy. big count.-v hotel. $25.
£ Milker. Santa Clara County. $33 and found.
2 camp waiter*, south. $25; come early.
Laborers for Fresno County, $2 25.
Southern California. team*t»rs. $¦-.' f»« $1.
Nevada, teamsters. $2 50, fare $7 50.
Government work; land open for settlement.
WANTED — Clerks, cashier, coachman, butler,
footman, .waiters and others with references.
Select Employment Bureau, room 2. 1031
Market st.
WANTED — At once, an experienced man for
mail order department Address, living age,
experience and references, salary^ etc., box
3S». Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
Gate are., room 7, for free Information as
to Foclticns, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
cr evening*.
"WANTED— Printer for small plant Ia whole-
sale house; capable for composition and
presswori; steady position; moderate wages.
Box 2442. Call office. .
JIAN help manage light business, $75 mcath;
, little nicnej required. Call at 11 IS Market
st., room 1.
STRONG, willing young man for deUverinar
and help around dairy. 5 Shipley st. 8-7^»
a. m.. or 8-9 P. m.
YOUNG man la drur store: reside with par-
ents: experience preferred. Northeast cor-
ner Etlts and Mason sts.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work: no eight or Sunday work; $25 security
required. Apply 310*-s Folaom st, upstairs.
A MAN cf Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
EON. «77 and 47S. Parrott building.
BRIGHT office tit • to exchange «ervtcea for
business college education. Box 2828. Call.
MAN and wife for out of town residence ; ob-
ject home more than wages. 324 Vt-t>. r. 3.
BOY wanted to firjve delivery wagoa. 1150
Sutt»r st
COACHMAN cr gardener, experienced, wishes
situatlen; highly recommended. Box 3S40.
BARBER wanted evenings; steady; also boot-
bUck. Box 3S34. call. _•
BARBER — Wednesday eveninjr. Saturday even-
tng and Sunday; steady work. Box 3S3S. CalL
BARBER cbes fcr sale. 1S3* Folsota tt.; ap-
ply corner jrrocery.
BERBERS — 3-cbair shop; no reasonable offer
refused. 1CS0 Valencia rt.
BARBER shop; three chairs; water front;
good transient trade. EPRZ. 723 Market st
BARBEU shop for sale, with llvlax rooms.
Apply 1SS3 Miss tan rt. '- .
EAEBERS — C-cnsJr »hop. 2 housekeeping
rooms, furn. complete, $50 cash. 225 Sth at
FOR sale — A two-chair barber shop; food
business. 1938 Mission at ¦
COUNTRY hotel barber shop: nr. city: no rent;
$60; must seiL H. Bernard, 104 Seventh st
LABOR <J«bU collected"; suits, attachments.
Law aad Adjustment Co.. 32S Moctflr.,r. 413. '
MOSCT TO ZiOAJT.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
C01-€02-e03 Examiner buUdlat
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eitates. ¦ second mortgages, undivldjd Inter-
ests; assignments cf rents; property in trust
ttc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terest* in property purchased.
Ccurteoua treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HKFMAur MURPHY.
WILL LOAN *~~
.. . A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
; of property or chattels. r^r
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.
' SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried peopte without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confidenttij and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 433. Parrott bids;.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances os diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. - Baldwin Jewelry Store,
»46 Market: tel. Main Io44. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned on, diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-bouses. without
security; easy payments; large business la 49
principal cities. Tolraan. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Ix>an and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
" st (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 434.
i MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st
j LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
: 1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
i no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 28 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: geld, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 1O Sixth st
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
life insurance policies, etc United Lo*a and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phetan building.
LOANS to salaried people privately without -se-
curity. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market st.suite 31
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Hank bldg.. 70S Market
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. B'i. bid*.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
ma. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. rocm 81. « Eddy st
CASH loined salaried people on notes without
I lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOHEY WANTED.
LOAN $7K0 2 years; security 1st mortgage
valuable machinery plant, city. Box 3SC4.CaIl
•gTJ^ICAj^^STBCagEBTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos — Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average reams, bis pianos for large parlors.
haUs. etc: Dlancs for rent at $1 per mo..
some at $2. a larze number of good ones at
$2 50 ser mo.; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. Ut»e best instrument offered fcr tha
money In S. F.); a flae line of elerart large
pianos for $4 and $3 per mo.; over 150 In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to bay as well as rent: one year a
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-S4 Hayes st
A FEW exceptional bargains: all uprights:
Heine grand. $475; Gabler. $350; Krell. $375;
Heine. $235; Steiaway. $325; Mason & Ham-
lln. $2S5; Knabe. $IU0; Fischer. $113; Behr
Bros., $1S7; Crown. $140; Kimball. $65; Em-
erson. $125: Occidental. $40; Conrard. 5^7;
Collard. $35; in%-esti#ate our new rent and
purchase 'system: $2 p«r month up. HEINE
PIANO Ca. 235-237 Geary st: Oakland.
12S2 Broadway.
A BUNCH of uprights; easy payments.
Erard; 'small upright for practice $40
Woodworth. AHovon: tplendid ord«r S03
Warner: perfect condition; a snap.. $UO
Neumann; mahogany ca«e; a bargain. $125
Esiey: mahogany case; perfect order Sl:»>
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A PIANO free lor one month; if you want to
rent after that 'money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 2*7 Geary st.
ONE month piano rent free en planes rents-i
in July' and August BRUENN. 225 Satter.
A FISCHETl upright piano for sale; as good as
pew; $125. 237 Geary st
$t>0 FOR a fine uprtght If you want a bargain
call at HOtafUXG'S. 216 McAllister *t
SOHMEK. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Pest st
NEW upright pianos sold on ?5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. I« McAllister at.
3-PEDAL Stew way up; Chickerlny baby grand:
Shonlnjrer. little used. Ke*ffe's. 2S5 O'FarrelL.
QgTICES AITP STOBES TO I.ET.
MARKET, 315 — To rent for terra of years, one-
half of store-rocm: best retail location in
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post st
A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell st. between O'Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfeet, bagginess of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox plttings, etc; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mall or person; I will take octients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
A SUIT cr overcoat. Including one extra pants
< free, male to order for S15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market st. bet 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire Of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat etc Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; prtce SOc Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy. restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scadp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses »calp; at druggists' .hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no'substitute. Star Remedy CO..133S Polk.
MR3J WHEELOCK "removed (La Verite Co.)
tit G45 Market, next to Palace; sale this
week, switches, $1: La Verite skin food.
40c: Rob Roy lotion. 40c.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
fidential. Box 3234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure bfood (affecting
ekin, mouth, bones, etc.)- speedily cured by
¦killed specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 323 Grant ave. Worst casts cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine in bank or chain, at lowest
rate9. Geo. Matthews, 7CJ Fifth st. Oakland.
HOUSE palating that will stand; phone Fell
4174. CLARK Decorating Ca, practical
painters, tlnters and ¦ paper-hangers; fine
work a specialty: references If you want 'eni.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers- at CHARLES LYONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU caa buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and SI 50 per week. T. BRILLLVNT.
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Poet «t. near PowelL
BEST white lead. 7c per \ pound; special to
painters. EUTCHER. 741 MLuhta st
ALL superfluous hair removed; electric needle.
Mrs. Caldwell Benninger. 231 Post st. room 1.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$220. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needl^. Mrs-Pr.A.W.Traverse.ll70 Market
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actl.-.a restores lost eyesight; ear's deafness ami
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 383 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Mica Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists*.
FATiaTTSTBT.
ENTERTAINMENT at my parlors to-night at
8; admission 15c. 711 Polk st
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist;
I rice 3 reasonable; hours 10-0. 713 California.
SCIENTIFIC palmist; Mme. « Kimball. 701
Stockton st < ' . .. '. '-
PATE3TT8.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
-torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg., 332 Market at.
"COST AJTD rOUHP.
LOST tn the narrow-gauge- depot S. F. 5:40
p. m.. July 28. hand bag of gray snake
leather, with Russian leather purse inslda
containing $40 currency. $10 gold and about
$1 50 In change: card with name Mrs. Don
Ritchie. 3C4 Fifteenth st. Oakland, etc. Lib-
eral reward if returned to 504 Fifteenth st,
Oakland: no questions asked.
POUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
on*- third the rcsular prices; under "contract
and must sell: 2 stores. 311 Satter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francleco in the
name of Mary Agnes Sullivan. No. 125-440.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Tuesday p. m., pugr dog; nr. 10th ave.
and Richmond st; return to 1744 Market at,
liquor store, cor. Van Ness ave.; reward.
LOST — July 27. near corner of McAllister and
Gough sts., black feather boa. Return to
S.*S> "McAllister st and receive reward.
LOST — Lady's old-fashioned breastpin. Pleas*
! r-turn same to MISS E. GUAY. 217 Leaven-
worth st.; reward.
LOST— On Halght-Et. car, Tuesday p. m.. from
ferry a brown grtix Leave at Haight-at
i car office and no questions asked.
LOST — Tuesday p. m.. pug dog: nr. 10th ave.
and Richmond st; return to 1744 Market st-.
liquor store, cor. Van Ness ave.; reward.
LOST— Wednesday, a gold chain bracelet; small
diamond in the padlock. Return to Chron-
icle cashier and receive reward.
FOUND— Gold ring. Person Identifying it can
hare same by calling at office California
Bottling Co.. Ninth and Harrison sts.
LOST — Old femaie pog; answer to name of
Nellie; reward. Commercial Hatel, room 12.
COAT containing gold watch on Redwood road,
' Alameda Co. Return 13 California; reward.
FOUND — Gentleman's gold watch. Owner call
-Jt.5.«6 Parrott bids., bet. 12:30 and 1 p. m.
' xaATBjaa-QKiAi.
GET married: Join the Leap Year Club; no list;
m> publicity. Particulars box 3332. Call.
MATTBESSES ASP PHIOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 21 «.
3XASSAQB.
MASSAGE at the homes; rheumatism, par-
alysis, nervousness, successfully treate'd. A.
Vitnnga.mignetic masseur.514 E 12th, E.Oak.
MXPICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me: my methods I
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex- !
orbltant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD- !
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe.-
1 male disorders; call cr write. DR. WHITE
702 Market st. rooms 7 and S.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Relief for Irregularitleu. H«!p for the ani
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm toe only GRADUATE
pbysiciaT here who caa say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 yrs. DR. R. H
WESTON, office 3C5' KEARNY ST..
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S2tt Post st j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for" all fe- |
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re- 1
lief guaranteed. 10034 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU":- female pills; best regulating pills
scld; price $-' M by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price »5. By express only
en receipt of priee. OSGOOD BROTHERS
wholesale dnigjrists. Seventh and Broadway
Oakland.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femalo
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the. most difficult cases treated-
: advKis free. Office I01S Market st.
I LADIES' irregularities from any cause cured
! in one day: no drugs; no operations; strictly
| private; advice free- hours 0 to J)
DR. SYLVESTER, office 219 Kearny at
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511 A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS"
original method cf treatment 112$ Market
[ LADIES — Kumrcund: safe cure, never fails;
; $2. G!<»a;on-Ruggl*3 Druj Co.. Kearny & Clay.
| DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladles-, relief or no fee; $10.
MOTES ASP MITOfg.
Al MIXING property to exchange for city
realty; value *t$0.0«JO; would be willing- to
assume small mortgage. Address box 1*738.
Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocks. 533-34.1
Crossley bldff.. Pacific States Min. & Inv Co.
MISCEItrvAJTEOUS— FOB SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "~
Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market gt.
2D-HAND machinery, enylnea. boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — BUYS.- sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-253 Spear at.
ON account of going East, nearly new buggy
go-cart for sale cheap at 3oO San Carlos
ave., near Valencia and Twentieth sts.
DIAMONDS a-*i Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton gt.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st
J. COOPER, gents' full-dreis rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st,
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shot's at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
TO motormen and gripmen, a heavy Eastern
beaver overcoat or ulster with high collar
for sale, cheap. H. PEYSER. 121 Third st
FOR sale — A handsome surrey Incubator. Ap-
ply 45 Prosper st. near 16th and Market
A TILTON & McFARLAND safe. Inquire at
322 Battery rt.
SCOTCH collie, female pup; registered; prlae-
wlnnlng stock; reasonable. Box.3S03. Call.
CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses Jl 5O pr.;
other fancy varieties. GWHson.229 Stevenson.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring $30- worth
3100. GARIN, 133 Montgomery st
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O-DONNELL. 1021 fr Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market st
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand: prices
right at Richardson Bros.', isie Market st
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bad-
galupi. moved to 7SS Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap- some
new; 16x16: 310 Third st; tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 153 Mkt
SAFES — Xew-and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. - 307 Battery it
MOVING pictures," magic lanterns, sale, rental -
bargains. Billiard & Breck, 131 Post at. '
SAFES — New an*" second-hand. E. B. BECK
t CO.. 122 Market st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches -
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4« Fremont st
mscEU-Aareops WA Hgs.____
EIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dla-
mocds, gents' full dresa suits, etc.; send I
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton -^t
WANTED^— To lease for term of years, good
ground ¦ for duck huntlns durtns season.
Gun Club.. 770 O'FarrcU st *7
WANTED— To buy/ gasoline launch. D.
MOYLE, 635 Central ave.. Loa Angeles. CaL
MORRIS wants 2d-hand clothing, fancy ladies'
dresses. Tuxedo Bults.ete. ;poatal. 043 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing. Tel
.Davis 825; 650 S»-ramento st.
TILTQN wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; teL Jessie 2851.
DESKS' bought sold and exchansed. T. D.
McCarthy Co.»,S72 Mission; ptoce Bush 487.
BEAIi ESTATE — CTTT — ?OB SAUL
SPECK & CO.. _
2C0 MONTGOiTERT ST.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Semrar. Rents Collected.
LeaMur- " '- Insurance.
MAGNIFICENT INVESTMENT.
$243,CCO— Splendid brick structure with stores.
basement and 200 offices, oa a prom-
inent corner; 137:6x137:6 ?eet north of
and close to Market st. ; comparatively j
insignificant expenditure would put thia i
property in first-class condition and j
Insure ample- and handacra'e returns on j
the Investment: lane Investors should |
net let this paw unnoticed. j* ! *-."5
DOWNTOWN CORNER- __ '-
$50.CCO— Larkln-st business corner: 57:6
frontage; etores and ledging-hotis*?;
leaaed and paying 6 per cent net; w«uit
cCer.
CHANCE FOR- A TURN.
$40,000— Lot S2x275; 2 frontages: 1C« rooms;
rents ?350:- one tenant; caa b« easily
leased at $400.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$33.C<X> — North of Market and close to Kearny:
lot 20x137:6: 2 frontages with three-
story brick building; rentlcs far $223
a month.
$21.000— Corner close to Polk and California
stsi. which eold for $1CCO per foot: pay-
ing 9 per cent; fine frontage; stores and J
fiats. C 1
HOWARD STREET.
$2O.0CO— Lot 25x90 feet; be»t part of Howard
St.; rectioa' with a future; a three-story
building on this lot now rents for
$137 50 a month; no mistake caa be
mads In buyirs thfs.
FIATS AND INCOME PROPERTY.
$12.500— Exceptionally well-built Western Ad-
dition f!at3; nothing better for the
mosey In the city; must be seen ta b«
appreciated; neighborhood select and
convenient: rents $13SO per \ year.
(Flats adjoining, duplicate of N these.
Just snld last week.) A choice Invest-
ment that should not be overlooked.
$11.0CO— Desirable; south of Market-at. sec-
tion; lot 25xS3; on Howard st, with
improvements; at very low rent brings
$S»> per month: business and dwellia*.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$8,700 — Three fine flats in the . b«»3t part of
the Richmond district, on car line; lot
23x120 feet: these flats are in fiA-t-cIass i
condition and all rented, and by tak- I
ing- subject to existing $4000 mortgage :
para Its per cent en investment
$3,600 — New building, store and flats: cloae to
Fourth and Howard: rents- S370 per an-
num; $2250 bank mortgage at 6 per
cent caa remain: tenant makes repairs; ,
pays 12 D«r cent net
$2.500 — Downtown section; 3 small fiats: \
renti&g very low for $28 per month;
could be "readily Increased and made
to piy handsome returns on small In-
vestment; want rffer.
CHOICE LOTS.
' $35.000^ — Pacific Heights corner, northwest
137:»!x27:3: unsurpassed marine view.
$S.CCC — North side Broadway: elite residence
section: marine vtew; 27:€xl37:«-
$4.CC0— Market et.: 23xlCO ft; close to coming
business section; a tura la this lot in
fall.
SPECK & CO..
2C0 Montgomery at. opposite Mills bid?.
EASTON. ELDR1DGE & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
$47,3C0 — The onl7 comer fcr sale on Mason
St.. south of O'Farre'l: good improvements;
renting fcr $ls3 per month.
$."M>,CCOr-Turk St.. east of Poli; CO- foot front-
age; 4 substantial houses of 10 rocms each;
rents J140 ->er month.
$IS.C€O — Rents $146 p«r month; Hayea st.
not far from Octavia; 3S-foot frontage by 120
feet through, to rear street; 6 fine bsildizgs;
mortgage $ILCCO.
$15.5C«— Jones st. near Washington; 32 feet
frontage; 3 new. modern flats of S-S-D rooms
and bath; worthy of your consideration.
$13, CCO— Fillmcre St., near O'Farrell; 3 brand
rew flats, containing 7 rooms, saloon parlcrs,
beamed celling in dining-rooms, paneled walls,
electric lights, porceiaia bathtubs; first floor
finished in pressed brick: rents $120 per month.
$13,000 — Howard st, near Sixth: stors aad 2
flats of 7 rooms each; good Interest
$7r*.i.'- — Folsom st.. through to Clementina,
near Fourth; the only lot tn the block for sale
with 2 frontages; nominal improvements; rents
$30 per month.
$e300 — Natoma st; store and 2 fiats; rent $33.
$6000 — Clay at. near Uroderick: 2-story and
basement house cf 7 rocsr.s aad bath.
$3000— North line of Natoma st: 4 modern
fiats: rents $48.
$425O — Clementina st.. near EUrhth; 4 very
fine flats: rent* $4* per month-
$2CC0 — Modern cottage on Eureka st. of 5
rooms and porcelain bath; patent Rush toilets;
rented for $20 per month.
$tS*#fr — Mission cottaee; 4 large rooms, sta-
tionary wash tray3. patent flush toilet etc..
brick foundation: rent $13 per mcnih: rood
value.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market at
PROPERTY OWNERS. ATTENTION!
At the recent mectinr of the Beard of
Equalization, the assessed valuation of ycur
city property ha3 been greatly Increased la
some localities and lowered In others. Fcr
the small fee of $3 we will cbtaia for you
the Drescnt. ccrrect assessed valuations of
yonr property.
A. H. HERRMANN. Rocm 169. Crocker hlig.
FIRST time en the market 4 fine level tmlid-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner lsth
and Douglass: bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks: 2 car lines; Just the place for
bous«s or fiats: only $>'.o per front foot-
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN & SOX.
22 Montgomery st
$1 25 PER week: no interest; lots ta the Ex-
' celsior Homestead Tract; all level: no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric car* and school.
W. J. WHITE. .
26 Montsomery st.. room 9.
$1SOO— COTTAGE. 4 rooms: lot 25x114. with
coal business, bcrses, wagons; all goes.
$1SOO — Cotuge. 6 rooms and bath: 338 Val-
ley st; lot 25x106: j:ot> down, balance eksy
terms. D. COFFIN Jfc CO., 3303 Mission st
COTTAGES with all modern improvements;
terms saute as rent. Ar-oJy lumber yard,
cor. Army and Ccndcn sts.
HOUSE and lot 50xlC3 ft. crp. new Mission
¦ Park. Inquire C. E. HATCH. Chronicle bldg.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYEH. plumbers. 836 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and bast In America— The- Weekly
Call. 16 pages, .s^r.t to any address tn tha
United SJl'Ues or Canada one year for $L
POIJTr BICmiONT) BEAI. ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stese. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land $300 per acre: lota
5Ox20O at $130: orchard of 13 acres and
buildings. $4CO per acr»: monthly payments;
send fcr'maps. etc. KAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.S.F.
SXEITLO PASS BSAX. ESTATE.
-¦"¦ ' ' m
$200 PER acre — Two 9-acre and one 4-acrs
trart, back of Fair Oaks; water aad good
roads; la*t of thia property left; H cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees: well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
*er sale at a barxaln; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in. best part of this dis-
trict; w«ll sheltered acd wooded; In tracts of
from 4 to 23 acres; special terms to those
building Immediately.
selbt: rodgers & co..
Telephone Main 673. Ilg Callfarnia st
SA27 aXATEO BZAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of Saa Mateo e'ectrfc:
cars; 43 minutes from Sth and Market; sewer
and water pipes to each lot; electric, lights.
etc.: SO'foet lota from S325 to $4C0: terms.
$10 down and $10 a month: get off at "Lomlta
Park" and investisate ; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. P.ODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. lift Calif^r-;1» »t.
SEAS ESTATE TO E3*C~r*rTGE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
. F. A. BARR. MANAGER-
SUITE 807-S08 CALL. BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds tn a different kind oC property.
Our leas: experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. . The only . condition we
make Is that your property. If you.wtjh us to
dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF IT3
KIND AND IN A COOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own. with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If It Kas merit whether you own real estate
or a mercantile cr manufactarins - business,
hririff a descristica of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer ta ex-
change, and you will be surprised how cnlckly
we can effect the result
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE VTE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and ara
the only company la San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless w« pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept
$2500 EQUITY ta Berkeley residence, to ex-
change for calacumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property la tie Baa-
slan River section; Berkeley property ccn-
ilsts of 0-room residence, lot 43x134. with
stable and cfatckea-house; atono walks, grav-
eled drive; in desirable residence section;
sear school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
cress box 4327. Call office.
AN elegant new 10-room house la * fine loca-
tion in Oakland to exchange for land or lots.
P. C LASSEN & CO, 466 Teat& at., OaS-
land. Cat.
HSAL ESTATE — COTrzrrgT — Tor gale,
ONE- ACRE lets at Mountain View. Santa
Clara Cbcaty: $4C0 far Inalie. $430 far
crr=<»— «; streets graded; water ca each lot;
enly 74 b*3c*u frcas main street; partial pay-
ments; near station; convenient to Stanford
University: good schools and caci-e neighbor-
hood ;_write for map and full particular*.
WALTER A. CLARK. Mountain View. Santa
Clara. County. Cal.
i COUNTRY home, situated 1 ta Sonoma Conaty:
j 10 acres land. 8 acres In orchard, mostly
i winter apples; house good; barn, brooder-
[ hocse. 8 chicken houses; plenty water and
wood; farm Implements; barn fun of bay;
horse, otw. 20O chickens and rtucks. 2 hosja;
price S32CO. Apply at 233 Eighth st. city.
FOR sale — 13 acr»s on county rr>ai: lar?->
barn, stalls for 2» horses; house of 3 rooms:
fine srrtnr water; SCO chicke-ss; 12 tons
of hay; flae place for berries, alfalfa, chick-
ens, etc: win meet vrnj at station by *a-
polntm«at Address Bontoa Kaach. \I;ua-
tain. View, CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly eata-
Ioctm- sent free. C M- WOOSTEB CO..
C45 Market st
f SAg AnSEUgQ^KEAIi ESTATE.
FOR sale — Nlc<9 lot. corner Martposa and Rail-
road ave.. eoxlM. in San Anselmo. Cal. la-
Q-xlrt 262 Perry gt.. Oakland
ALAMEDA ABTEKTS'.rTS
*T.-w-n« ij-nAT. ESTATE. *,- V
GOOD business property at a ba~pi!a on
Park st Inquire at 2315 San Antonio ave.
BEAUTIFET* 10-rocm residence ba Alameda:
let SOxlSO. Owner. 616 Market S. F-. rocm 33.
BERKELEY ABYERT ? S ? NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. «
GOOD Investments Near New Sastst Fe»
j ALL ON EAST PAYMENTS.
I End of block; 271 feet frontage oa track "¦_ twt»
blocks from Berkeley station.......... $S3UO
Lot 25x100; 1 block frora railroad $2t»
Lot 4UX123; mac.; within *-» block Hi>
Half block adjolalnz R. R. propertr $2S0O
Bsy when valueb »•* lacre&sU;*-. - ¦
! Several hundred other lets and a svsber of
cheap houses. *
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 10M UnlversltT av*.
Near Baa Pablo ave., West Berkeley.
t « ACRES la the heart of town, with cotta*-.
windmill. 40»»-gal. tank, larg* barn. co«r
shed and bogzy shed; fronting on macada-
mized street, for sale at a barsaia; there's
money ta It
JOS. J. MASON.
! SK. Cor. Shattack and Center St.
FEUITYALE ADYERTS'TC
PaUXTVAIJB JREAI. ESTATE.
SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT COMPAXT.
INCORPORATED IN 19S9.
S12 BUSH ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
AND
MONEY TO LOAN.
ERANCH OFFICE. FRUITVALE.
Why are so many people buylsj hcmesi fci
1 Fruitvale?
ANSWER.
Becanse they can boy better property .far
I less money than anywhere around the bay.
Because they have only a State aad couary
tax to pay.
Because they have easy and quick trans-
j portation to San Francisco, and when th«
j Key Route system is completed, can reach
j Market, st. Saa Fraacisco, ta 35 to 4O minutes.
Because Fruitvale has a b«ttsr climate with
i less fog aad wind than any other town arourld
' the bay.
Because it has a better and mow profiactlv*
soil fcr gardens, fruits and flowers.
Because it has rood schools and churches
. and no hoodlums.
Becanse It has gas, sawers. wat«r. electric
j lights aad tha best, reads la Alameda County.
Because, when the new boulevard from
'¦ High, street la completed, it wili have the best
| driveway to b* found anywhere.
Becanse. property bought to-day will, with-
{ out doubt advance ia price during the ccraiag
• year, sufficient to pay net only a good Interest
' on the money invested, but also » » gtvt rent
j free.
WV offer cottages far sale at a.1 prices from
| $500 ta 5200O. :
Fine residences from $2300 to $23.0CO.
Acre properties from $400 ta $2500 per acre.
We have exclusive sale at very reasonable
terms of all properties listed with us. Fur-
j nish money to build houses, and Insure tha
i same in the Royal Insurance Co.. ths oldest
and best company tn the world.
REMEMBER. WE HAVE
LARGEST LIST,
CHOICEST LOTS.
LOWEST PRICES.
, EASIE3T TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
CORNER BASSITT AND PUTNAM STS.
FRUITVALE. CAL.
PHONE ASH 5S7.
CTIAS. F. LEE. Phone VaJe 236.
Office — One-half block from Fruitvale Sta.
$200 cash. SIS monthly; beautiful 3-room
cottage: fine larjre basement all ceiled; tr; ¦•<
foundation: chicken houses: a Isvoly place
for a chicken ranch; in the foothills: fir*
view; close to school and cars: lot 179x100;
this is a snap; price all told $;."<<>
C. F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale «ve.
FOR sale— $2730: U cost $37S0. rents for £?>
per month: 2 cottages on Int. 4Oxl5O. Apply
t.-> S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty- third av#..
East Oakland. . :
OAKLAND ADTEBT ? S ? M ? TS
O~~1CE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAILAJD RIAL ESTATE.
$375 CASK $10 monthly— Doable cottag* of *
tree rooms, bath and paltry; grand wsfl cf
soft spring water: Al sandy Icani. youny
fruit trees. Cowers, loganberries, raspbjrrt?*
aad blackberries, ehlckea house and ban
and chicken run; 2 lots. 6SxlC0. all fenced:
no cold" wind cr fes;: near electric e*r Hnf.
school, church, postoffice and large hall; ««r-
ticn new. but nicely settled" op; prtce $1325
in all; call or send for circular. 45S Seventh
St.. ctTpcsite Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR sale — Beautiful home: 9 large room
house.: bath: laundry: fine reception halt;
l£rg<r lot: barn: chicken yards; plenty fruit.
flowers: beautiful lawn: terms. Isqulre 477
Thirty -fourth et. Oakland.
BARGAIN — $10CO: 3-room house: lanre tor.
windmill and tank; everything new; miut
sell immediately; only *3UO cash required.
5137 Mapte St.. oft Fifty- first. Bear TeW-
prarh. O-»land. >
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la tarn)-
tare H. ScheHhaas.llth st. cor, store. Oak la ad.
San Francisco Advertisnrts.
S00MS 70S HO U iLti **. ii r, FX3TQ.
BELMOND House, over Owl drugstore. tw>
entrances. 112tt Market aad 21 Turk— EI*c-
tric lights and running water in every rocm;
200 ' rooms for work'ngmen and mechanics.
2Sc ta SOc per night: tl 25 to S3 5O w«ek.
CRAGBURN <The>. 1607 Lark! a. cor. Fnt —
Rccrr.a. single, en suite, bouwj'.eepins;.
FIFTH St., 323 — 2 farsished hooseieeplng
rooms. $12 BO; no children: stas!e $Z.
FOLSOM. 734 — Furnished hcusekeepiag room
In exchange- for 2 hours' work.
FOLSOM. S30— Furnished front room with
stove. $7; also others for housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225— Housekeeping rooms. also
siagle rocma.
. FURNISHED sunny suites; all complete for
hcuseiceeptag; gas. bath, phone: quiet and
pleasant home; near Park anil City Hall: $13
i up. St James. McAllister and Lagnna sts.
' HAIGHT. 222 — 3 nicely furaished housekeepln?
] rooms for coople: pfaone; call 1-4. 7-ft p. tn.
" HARRISON. 731 — Three rooms furnished for
houa»keeping: large yard; rent $13.
• HARRISON. 74S— Honsekeepin* room. $7; faa, '
I laundry: S famished: rcems. $3 aad $7.
, HOFF ave. 31 — 2 nice sunny fumUhe.l hoose-
i keeping rooms, front aad back parlor.
'. KNICKERBOCKER Asartments. 1340 PTae—
Eunny ru mis bed S-rocrn suits: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: tree batha; raxea r-«j.
LARKIN. ?19H — Lanre «uany front room;
light hoasekeepiBff tf desired; r«X5CE*bIe,
Continued on Pag . Twelve, ,
HETJ WABTED-halE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 031-636 day St.
Phone Marn 6S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Ap*1:ts.
We speak the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish. Slavonian and
' Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
CO.CCO Men Work. Increase 60.000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
Representative of the United States
Government work being: done close
to Wadsworth. in State of Nevada.
Cost oaly $1 office fee. See boss.
Muckers, $75. See boss.
Teamsters, $75. See boss.
Laborers. ?75. See boss.
Drillers. $30. See boss.
Concrete mixers, $73. See boss.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 cooks, different places. $30, $50, $60.
C waiters. $30 to $40 found.
12 dishwashers. $«. $7, $S week.
Laundryman. Institution, $40.
4 porters: 2 bellboys.
LUMBER COMPANIES. ETC.
Gang edgerman. boss here, $75.
Head donkeyman. woods, fare $2. $65 found.
Man. charge- vinegar plant. $20 week.
Head lineman, woods. $75 found.
Shingls jointer, country. $35 found.
2 men. make sash weights, city Job.
6 iron molders.
3 wheelwrights, carriage works.
Grader, lumber company, north. $90.
Tall etigrenrsan. fare $:;. 52 25 day.
Spooltender, lumber co., south. tZO found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
2 lumber rraders, boss here. $90.
Gang edgerman, lumber company. $75.
3 men. make- staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here, $50 and found; 2 screw
turners: 2 carriage setters: hook tender.
Gang charcoal burners. 10c to 15c eack.
FARMS — DA IR IES — STABLES.
12 milkers. S30. J35. $40 and found.
12 farmers. $3* and found.
14 chcremen. boys $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen, $30 found. $60. $75.
4 farmers and wives. $40. $C0. $60 and IA.
LOOK— STEADY JOBS.
20 laborers, lumber co. ; you'll do; $60.
20 section laborers, lumber company. $2 day.
Special fare. Special R, R. car.
25 BOYS OR YOUNG MEN.
Planing mill, box factory, $30 and found.
BOSS HERE— SEE HIM.
3 machine ciiners, gold quartz, $S2 50.
Amalgamator, gold quartz. $30.
Con<«»ntnitor, gold quart*. $75.
2 firemen, oil burners, for a mine.
BOILERMAKERS
25 boilermskers. 4Cc hour.
23 boilermakers' helpers. 25c hour.
Chef cook fare $5. No 1 Job $S0 found.
Oyster and salad man. cafe city. $10 wk. fd
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— TO LOS ANGELES. $4 €0.
By Santa Fe R. R., 8 p. m. daily.
155 teamsters. $C0.
The land of sunshine fruit and Cowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, 'center of oranire and lemop groves.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
155 WOODCHOPPERS.
Tinsmith. 8 -hour job. $3 PO day.
Bcick burner, boss here $75.
LOOK.
Teamster, snake lc«3. $50 to $6O found-
Milkers Reno, Nev.. $." and found.
2 plnmbers, free fare tt day.
LOOK.
2 starch Ironers, country laundry. $12 week.
Second cook, country hotel. $-">3 found.
Man ami "wife, private family, man garden
and chorea, wife cook, boss here. $45 found.
Inrness- maker, ranch fare $1 $30 found.
BOSS HERE.
Clerk, country hotel, boss here. $20 found.
Second cook, short orders, $45 and found. ;
LOOK.
Stableman. August 1. special, city Job. $80.
Teamster, August 1 special city job, $60.
SCANDINAVIANS.
10 laborers lumber, go to-day. $35 found.
MURRAY t READY. C34-638 Clay st
• ALL
Men tn learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required: positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLE3 SYSTEM COLLEGE. CSS Clay st.
AN experienced, sober Industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department In a store
situated not far from San Francisco; would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1S02. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno Hpuse proprietor, has
added 10»> new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare fcr
Government positions. Apply for fre* cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
ERRAND boy wanted; must have references;
steady position and advancement for right
boy. KIRK. GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; 5 weeks' new method. Haighf3
branch No. 1. 647 Commercial st.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; Western Addition;
good stand if properly taken hold of; cheap.
Stoltx Barber Supply House. 723 Market st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.Exam. bid.
BOY wanted to drive delivery wagon; 17 to
2U years; references; )j**x>d wages. 1728 Polk.
BOY for butcher shop and drive wagon. 1303
Buchanan st.
GOOD wages paid to portrait agents. Call
after 3 p. m. at 1C05 Howard st
, _
i YOUNG man to learn barber trade: paid while
learning. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
A profitable noting: pick hops in August. Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO., 122 Battery. S. F.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ehips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis. r.»0. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. EL Thomas Post. G. A. R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 moms: 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ot advertisements and subscriptions has t*>eu
cpeoed at 1008 Market St. opposite Fifth.
Open until II n. m.
ALL sires trfen's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your sho*s half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5*53 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d* sts.
KELP WAHTTEP — SAXESBCE1T.
SALESMAN; must have experience and show
' first-class record, specialty man preferred,
to handle general agency for cash and pack-
age carriers: good opening fcr right party.
Blltrite Manfg. Co., 315 Third ave. South.
Minneapolis, Minn.
HOBSSS A3TD WAOOITS.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
rurreys. bussies. carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st
FOR sal»-i-«j-year-old dapple gray saddle and
driving mare; gentle; city broke; very pretty;
$150. S34 Devisadero st.
. FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
J round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Fine gentle black saddle horse, 6
years old. 1003 Fillmcre st
FOIl sale — Three black saddle horses. 1523
Howard st
ONE tpaa truck horses; price $225. McNAB
. & SMITH, Brannan *t between 7th and Sth.
FOR sale — Rubber tired buggy, $S3; used very
llttls. Box 2210. Call office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds at
1C15 Market st. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, furreys.busjr'es. wagons, har-
ne*>. wcrk and driving horses. 13th-VaIencta.
JgOJCBE3^ TO MT
A — PRINTED list of houses to Iet:send for cir—
cular. G. H. UMBSEN tc CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOTXSEB TO SET — J'UKISISHT'P. •
TAYLOR. 1418, nr. Jackson, overlooking bay—
Comfortably tar, house 7 r.. bath; open. 1-4.
HOTJSES r U K J ISgED— ¦ FOB, SALE. '
FOR sale — Furnished a rooms; Cat to let Call
at 100% Sixth st.
_ CT7ALID OHAiaa.
EOLD. rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eam«s tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt; tel.Park 773.
umacjujL'g roB hibe.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. .foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bosh 534.
J Mlchaells Launch Co..Unton-st Wharf; boat-
lor & excurstooa. 5 Steuart st;teL John 268S. '
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, BOX RAMONA SWEETS="A TREAT TO EAT"School Vnccination Law Is Upheld.
SAN DIEGO, July 27.— A remittitur
from the Supreme Court in the vac
cination case has reached the County
Clerk," affirming the decision of the
lower court that the vaccination law Is
constitutional. "W. D. French brought
suit because his four children had be-n
excluded from the schools on account
c-f not being vaccinated. The lower
court sustained. the action of the board
and the teacher and the case was ap
pealed. ; .
SAN JOSE, July 27.— The Ix>s Gatos
Board of Trade objects to San Jose
claiming the lion's share of advertising
at the Santa Clara County exhibit. at
the St. Louis world's fair. Monday
night the Los Gatos Board of Trade
passed a resolution protesting against
San Jose appropriating the whole
credit for the county exhibit at the fair
and demanded the removal of the bis:
inscription, "San Jose," from such ex
hibit. In case this city refuses to re
move the sign the Los Gatons demand
that the $2000 received from the county
for the fair exhibit be returned to the
Supervisors.
Los Gatos people maintain that the
whole of Santa Clara. County contrib
uted the exhibits and funds to make
the display, and not San Jose alone,
and that the attempt of this city to
appropriate the credit is unjust to all
other portions of the county.
A division of the $2000 annually ap
propriated by the Supervisors for. ad
vertising the county is also demanded
by the Los Gatos Board of Trade.
Heretofore this sum in the whole has
been given to the San Jose Chamber of
Commerce. This they claim is county
funds, and- should be. divided equally
among the various Improvement clubs
and boards of trade in the county.
• Whether the San Jose Chamber of
Commerce will remove the sign "San
Jose" , from the world's fair exhibit is
not known, but much interest attaches
to the controversy between the two
towns.
Los Gatos Board of Trade Says Gar
den City Is Getting Too Much
Glory at St. Louis.
OBJECTS TO SAX JOSE
TAKING ALL, THE CREDIT
taxes $27,216 44 and permanent im
provements $107,144 44 had Increased the
deficit to a total of $790,960 04. This is
the narrow gauge road to Santa Cruz
and was built as a competitor to the
Southern Pacific, which absorbed it by
allowing it to be bonded at 4 per cent
on $5,500,000 and agreeing to operate it
steadily. In consequence the company
has to operate even at a loss.
The Carson and Colorado Railway
had a mileage of 107.62 miles in the
State valued at $12o.716. The rollinsr
stock is valued at $9225. The gross
earnings from operation were $466,205 08
and the, operating expenses were $181.
0S4 96, leaving an income from opera
tion of $2S5,120 12. Interest received on
open accounts swelled this . sum to
$298.500 15. The deductions from this
income are as follows: Interest on
funded debt. $80,000; taxes, $19.645 88,
and permanent improvements $4650 03,
a total deduction of $104,298 91, leaving
a net income of $194,201 24.
Same owner* with Klernan & O'Brien (con
tractors-), architect : same — Drainage and
plumbing for same on same; $1605. . >
Same owners with Henry Eckart (contract
or), architect same — Tinting, staining, paint-.
Ing and Uncrusta for same on same; $1165.
John Deehy (owner) ' with W. R. Kenny
(contractor), architect M. J. Welsh — All work
except movlns, raising and painting for a one
story frame building on E line of Parker ave
nue. 250 S of Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by E
103:1%; $1200.
n. Sheldeman (owner) with Ickelhelmer Bros,
(contractors), architects Meyer & O'Brien—
Plumbing nnd gasflUInK for enlarging Central
building, on E line pf Stockton street, CO S
of Butter, S 20:0% by E 80: $1270.
Same owner with John Ol Sutton & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Steam heating,
piping, boilers and radiators for <?ame on same;
$1020
Sarah F. Hcenan (owner) with ' Altchison &
Canfield (contractors) architect — AH work
for a three-story frame building (flats) on W
line of Lang ton street. 252 N of Bryant. W SO
by N 22: ?:'.(5. r >0.
Thomas G. Taylor (owner) with H. H. Lar
sen & Bros (contractors), architect T. Pater
son Ross — Urlek work for a six-story and base
ment brick building on S line of Commercial
street, 107:G W of Sansome. W 40 by S 59 ;9;
$cr>co.
Same owner with Theo S. Holn (contractor),
architect same — Sidewalk lights,' Iron work,
carpenter work, lumber, mill work, glass fin
ish and rough hardware, stairs, roofing, gal
vanized Iron, tin work, metal lath, plaster and
painting for same on. same; S85S3.' '¦¦
Henry F. nnd Jane T..Dutton (owners) with
William H. Bagge (contractor), architect Ralph
W. Hart — All work except plumbing, drain
age, painting and gas fixtures for a three
story frame apartment building on E line of
Hyde street, 34:6 S of Clay. S 52:0 by E 112:6;
$14.S50.
Same owners with Eastman Bros, (contract
ors), architect same — Drainage and plumbing
for same en mme; $1013 50. «
Same owner with Henry Eckart (contractor),
architect same — Painting, tinting, staining and
Uncrusta for same on same: $1025.
Charles F. and Emma J. Mead (owners) with
William H. Bagge (contractor), architect Ralph
W. Hart — All work except drainage, plumb-
Ing, painting and gas fixtures for a three-
Rtory, frame apartment building on W.Ilne of
Leavenworth street. 137:0 N of Sacramento,
N 35 by W 94:6: $12.330. . ¦
Adolph W. norchers fowner) with Arthur E.
Johnson (contractor), architect — All work
for two one-story and basement frame build
ings on E line of Ninth avenue. 125 N of K
street. E 120 by N 00. V
Ludwlg E.. Henry E. or Henry E. Jr.. and
Henry or Henry Thleben Sr. to Fred Spresn.
lot on SW corn»r of San Bruno road and Eve.
street. S 1O0, W 132. S 25, E 132, N 25; $10.
Wells, Fargo & Co to McCarthy Company,
lots 15 to 20, block 6, Lakevlew; $10.
Antone and Henrietta Eberle to Henry N.
Suhllng, lot on SW line of Tenth avenue, 209:0
S of Railroad street, SE 25 by SW 100, block
209. Central Park; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Stanlslao
Constantinl, lot on W lino of Twenty-ninth
avenue, 175 S of C street, S 150 by W 120; $10.
A. J. Walters (and as trustee) and Charlotte
M. Walters to Catherine M. Day, lot on SW
corner of Thirty-fifth avenue and J street, S
100 by W 110: $10.
Catherine M. Day to Solomon Getz, lot on
SW corner of Thirty-fifth avenue and J street.
S 100 by W 110; $10.
Arthur W. Potter to Charles P. and Hattie
G. Newman, lot on W line of Glrard street. 100
N of Wooisey, N 25 by W 120. lot 11, block 10,
University Mound; $10.
Maria or Mary Eberhardt to Thomas and
Minnie Edwards, lot on E line of Ellsworth
street, 200 S of Eugenia avenue, S 50 by E 70,
lots 402 and 104. gift map 1; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Fred
erick Schumann, lot in cemetery; $63..
Masonic Cemetery Association to Lovell
White, same; $30.
George and Kate Ryan to Antolne Joen, lot
on SE line of Peralta avenue, 29:1% NE of
Butler. NE 20:1%. S 90:11%. W 25. N 76:0%,
lots 1 to •".. block .:, Fram-inla; $10.
Agnes M. Last and Sarah Menzies to Rosa
mond L. Cox. lot on SE corner of Second
avenue and California street, E 23:05.12, S
58:!> SO. 96. W 22:11 1-3, N 57:7.13.10, quit
claim deed; SL v
Rosamond L. Cox to Augusta M. Morris,
sanie; $10. . . -
Fernando and Julia . A. Nelson to Carrie
H. Whittier. lot on N line of C street, 95 E
of Third avenue. E 2.1 by N 100; $10.
Christina F. Haake or Haacke to Otto C.
and Paula lierger, lot on W line of Stelner
street. 65 S of Oreen. S 27:0 by W 110; $10.
City Trust Safe Deposit and Saving Com
pany to George F. and Rose A. Duffey. lot
on S line of Golden Gate avenue. 137:6 E of
Lott street, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Martha Pritchard to F. B. Prltchard. tot
on W line of Lyon street, ISO N of Golden
Gate avenue, N L'5 by W 112 :t>; $10.
Maria K. O'Connor to Mllos Mandlch, lot
on NW corner of Seventeenth and- Alemany
streets. N 1(X> by W 25; $10.
Belle and Charles Munter to Hind Estate
Company, lot on W line of Leavenworth
stieet. 82:6 S.of Eddy. S 27:0 by W 137:6; $10.
Friedrich fi. and Anne M. Wulzen to John
G. Hupp, lot on N corner of Second and Minna
streets. NW ISO by NK 74; $10.
John and Henry Kunst to Marie Lada, lot
on NW line of Boyd street, loo SW of Ches
ley. SW 20 by NW 00: $10.
Victor and Theresa Englnger to California
Wire Cloth Company, lot on NE corner of
Twentieth and Harrison streets, N 208 by H
200; ?10.
Anna McMahon or MacMahon to Lawrence
McMahon. lot on W line of Tennessee street.
100 S of Solano. S 50 by W 100; also lot on S
line of Fifteenth street. 225 W of N. W 100
by S 100. lots 12 to 15, block 30tj. Case
Tract; ?5.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 27,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SWITCHMEN'S AUXILIARY.— The Grand
Lodge of Ladies Auxiliary to the Switchmen's
Union of North America yesterday filed artlclea
of incorporation with the County Clerk. Th«
incorporators are Mrs. A. T. Davis Mrs. H. J.
¦Williams. Mrs. J. A. Sully, Mrs. E. L: White
and Mrs. F. T. Stoddard.
The report shows a reduction from
last year of fifteen locomotives. Aud
itor Williams said this number of lo
comotives had worn out and had been
sent to the scrap heap and when re
placed had been charged to the South
ern Pacific Company.
A reduction in all classes of rolling
stock is shown in the Central Pacific
reports, with a corresponding increase
charged to the Southern Pacific.
The increase in gross earnings over
those of 1003 is $414,3?2 SS.
The report of the South Pacific
Coast Railway shows a mileage of 96.16
miles valued at $277,250. The rolling
stock is valued at $182,975. The eross
earnings from operation were $758,233 48
and the operating expenses were $1.
213,084 64, leaving a deficit of $454.851 16.
The steamer's net earnings had reduced
this deficit to $436,59916, but other ex
penses, listed as funded debt $220,000,
Side lines aggregating 235.49 miles
come under the jurisdiction of the
board this year for the purposes of as
sessment, which were not assessed last
year. These are branches operating
wholly in one county but as part of the
general system, and under an opinion
recently gi\en by Attorney General
\Vebb, are to be assessed by the State
Board of Equalization instead of the
Assessors ol the counties in which the
branches are operated. In consequence
several counties will show availing off
in assessments, having lost these
branch roads.
The surolus en hand for the
system, in and out of the State? 011
June 30 >\ as $45,025,284 7i», against $39,
268,8."0 11 for th« same date in 1903. In
the statements presented to the boaru
there is nothing to show what the sur
plus as relates to that part of tin.
Southern Pacific within the State is.
Auditor Williams said the locomo
tive mileage had increased 7 per cent
and the train mileage had increased 13
per cent, which explained the increase
in operating expenses. While the gross
earnings had increased over those of
last year there had been corresponding
increase in the cost of making the new
mileage, as train crews had to be paid
for extra work performed, overtime for
these employes figuring largely in the
item of cost.
The assessment of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company was considered this
afternoon. The Central Pacific has
1122.06 miles of road in the State,
valued by the company at $10,000,00(3.
The rollins stock is valued at $3,367,
450. The gross earnings are given at
$10,595,383 34, and the expenses at
$7,393,834 &7, which includes $313,193 2'J
taxes. The interest on the funded
debt, accrued, is returned at $3,022,
488 90, and the net earnings are given
at $2,S17,945 37. I
There has been no increase in the
mileage of the main line, but an in
crease of 13.36 in sidings and spurs is
shorn.
SACRAMENTO, July 27.— The State
Board of Equalization to-day took up
the assessment of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company. The road this
year operates 238C.S4 miles of road 'in
the State, which with sidings and spurs
gives a total of 3279.57 miles. The val
uation of the entire roadbed, roadway
and rails is piven at $20,720,895 and the
rolling stock at $6,280,400. The total
gross earnings are returned at $24,339,
781 r,5, as against $21,574,712 37 the year
before, an increase of $2,765,069 18.
.The revenue for the year is divided
as follows: Passenger and freight,
$23,044,692 80; mail ind express, $S43,
546 13; miscellaneous, $451,542 62.
Against this the operating expenses
are given ut $15,024,291 55, taxes $711.
644 28.
Under the classification of "better
ments and additions" the company ac
counts for an expenditure of $3,381,
996 65, which gives a total expense ac
count of $19,117,933 48, leaving a profit
of $5,221,848 07 over the cost of actual
operation of the line.
The interest on the sinking debt fund
amounts to $4,905,022 13.
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Gold Mt Con. 02| 250 Mont Ton ...2 40
1000 MacNamara . 49I3S00 Ked Top 15
0850 MacNamara .' 60! 50U Rescue .11
800 MacNamara . 48 500 Ton Midway.. 52
100 Mont Ton ..2 42&|
• Afternoon Session.
1000 Goldfleld B&B 151 50o Rescue 11
lfHX> Goldfleld Ton. 11 uOii Ton Gold Mt. IS
1000 Goldfleld Ton. 12 .100 Ton Gold Mt. 19 j
50u MacNamara . 47 300 Ton Gold Mt. 2<>
500 MacNamara . 46 50<» Ton Midway.. B3
JOOt< Rrd Top .... lsi SCO Ton Midway.. r>4
21C0 Red Top . . . ! io|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. |
WEDNESDAY. July 27—4 P. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask..
Alpha 09 10 Justice 12 14|
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 01 03 1
Andes 20 22 K Graessler. . — 1 20 1
Belcher 17 19 Lady Wash . . — C6 i
Best & Belch. 60 65 Mexican ?5 8« j
Bullion 19 20;Occidental .... SI S5 ,
Caledonia.... 37 40 Ophlr 2 45230!
Challenge ... 18 20 Overman 12 13 j
C^ 0 "? 1 " 14 15 Potosi 15 17
Confidence... 63 75 Scorpion 08 10
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 15 Savage 23 24
Con Imperial. — 01 See Belcher. . . 05 06
Con N Y .... 02' 03 Sierra Nev. ... 24 2.T |
Crown Point.. 11 13 -silver Hill 49 50;
E Sierra Nev 03 06|St Louis 10 — |
Eureka Con.. — 5O|Svndicate .... — 05 1
Exchequer ... 47 48! Union Con 24 26
Gould & Cur. U 14|Utah H 12
Hale & Norc. m 7*>| Yellow Jacket. 19 20
J»l!a 05 07| -
TONOPAH MINES.
„ Bld.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Colehan ..... — C5|Rav Exten .. — OS
Columbia.... 20 25 Ray &¦ O"Brien C9 10;
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ray Ton 06 10 ;
Gold Anchor. — 27 Red ToP 10 17'
Goldfleld B&B 14 13 Rescue 10 11
Goldfleld Nev. SO 1 00 Ton Belmont.. 72 —
Goldfleld Ton. 11 12 Ton & Cal . . 15 —
Gold Mt Con. 01 02 Ton Cash Boy. 12 —
Jim Butler . . 50 75 Ton Exten . . 95 9G
Little Ton .. — fi5 Ton Fraction. 25 —
Lucky Tom.. 03 04 Ton & Gt W. 03 —
MacNamara .40 47 Ton' Gold Mt. 18 1!)
Ml2pah Exten 12 — Ton Midway.. 54 55
Mont Ton.. 2 40 2 42*4 Ton of Nev.. 8 00 8 50
N Y Ton v».. 03 04 Ton N Star... 2S 34
Paymaster . . 04 05 Ton & S Lake. 50 —
Pine Grove .. 50 — | United Ton .. — 09
Report of Central Pacific
Shows a Decrease in All
Classes of Rolling Stock
Continued From Page Thirteen.
INCREASE L\ T EABXINGS
COMMERCIAL NEWS
State Equalizers Take Up
the Assessment of the
Southern Pacific Company
HEAR PETITION
FOR REDUCTION
J. C. Wilson Yosemite Commission
er, accompanied by his wife and moun
tain guides Walter Kennedy and Budd
Brown, recently made the trip on
horseback from the valley- to Lake Ta
hoe, a distance of ISO miles, on the crest
of the Sierras. The party was in the
high mountains eight days and nisrhts.
The old Mono Lake Indian trail from
Yosemite to Tahoe was followed. The
Journey was interesting throughout.
The party was frequently aroused at
night by the screams of mountain
lions. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson returned
to the city yesterday. ]
F. W. Mahl, who is connected with
the Southern Pacific Company at Sac
ramento, is at the Grand.
E. Hockmeyer, one of Guatemala's
wealthiest coffee growers, arrived at
the Palace yesterday on his way to
Germany.
Charles S. Fee, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
departed for the East yesterday in re
sponse to a message announcing the
serious illness of his mother.
Among the arrivals from Central
America yesterday was Albert K. Moe.
American Consul to Honduras, who is
home on a .two months' leave of ab
sence. \
Hon. J. H. Gillette of Humboldt. the
able representative of the First Cali
fornia district in Congress, is in San
Francisco. His renomination by the
Republican convention of the First is
assured.
F. A. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
Rev. P. J. Van Schie of Auburn is
staying at the St. Francis.
Dr. J. F. Stewart and wife of lios
Angeles are guests at the Palace.
Rev. Father J. V. Quinn of Sacra
mento Is registered at the St. Francis.
Professor David Starr Jordan of the
Stanford University is at the St. Fran
cis. .-.-,.¦•
PERSONAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY, JULY 25. 190*.
COALPASSER'S RIB FRACTURED.—Pat
rick Norton, a coalpasser. residing at 916
Michigan street, had a rib on his right tide
fractured by falling through a coal chute yes
terday at the Union. Iron Works Dr.' Buell
of the Potrero Hospital attended to his In
juries.
12
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
1 CALIFORNIA jj
Slimited to chicacob
m LEAVES MONDAYS and THUFlSO.l YS 1
Bftat ;>:::o a. m., through in :i days, 59
¦9 with diner and all trapping's. r j
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 for stockton> Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. ml J Merced, Hanford and Visalla.
4:CO p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. rn. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
f Ferry Depot, S. F. Alao 1112 Broad-
* way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South First St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN [F/rCISCG AND NORTH PAGIF13
RAILWAY COMFAZT7.
Tihoron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN EtAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9::M>. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 5:1O. 6:3O. ll:SO p. m. -
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <»:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20.
«:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:5C. 7::'.3. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:::0, 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturday.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1, 1904. | San Fran.
Week Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 7:45a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a tt::tOa Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2::J0p 2:30 p ' 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
i 7:23 p
| 8:45 p
7 ;30 a 7:30 a I 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a| Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a| Petaluma, 0:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
2:3Op 2:30p ; 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 al 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 pj 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p 7:25 p
| Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
j j Willits. j T~ "
7:30 a| 7:30 a[ Sherwood. | 7:23 p[ 7:23 p
8:00 a| 8:00 a| Gucrnevllle and 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation, f 8:45 p 6:20p
8:00a 8:C0a 8:40a[ 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p| 6:20 p
6:10 p Glen Ellen. |S:43p|
7:30 al 7:30 al flO:2O a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Ilosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West 'Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
L>tton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale Tor the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soila Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Spring?, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sachedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
'• Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
ville. Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsens.
; Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia and.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all polnti
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
JAS L. FRAZIEIt. R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
¦I TO SANRAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
• ¦ Via Sansalito Ferry. ,
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6-30 7:10. 7:45, 8:30, «:J5. 10:00. 11:00 a. m
(11-40 a. m. Sausahto only). 12:20. 1:45, 3-15
4:00 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 0:25. 7:15. 0:C0. 1O : 2O
11-35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays deDart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11 :0O. ll"o
a m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30, 3:15. 4.C0 "•;»
5:15, 5:50. 0:25. 7:15, 8:15. U:00. 10:20. 11:33
p. m.
Arrive nt San Francisco, week days. 6-17
7:00, 7:33. 8:15. 8:45. 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a in
12:05. 1:25. 2siO. 3:33. 4:20, 5:03, 5:40 6is!
6:55. 7:65, 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45 2 05
8:. r >O p. m. • - .
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7-45 a m
3:15 p. m.. 5:15 v p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45. 8:30, 9-15 1000
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2?30i iili
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally-Cazadero and way stations.
0:l.> a. m. bundaya only— For Point Reye*i
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dB 5 3 Pom? 3 n'eVs^c Saturdiy and Sun -
,^7:15 p. -in.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes.
5 v-^.n m Avl u . nda >' 8 only— For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
¦ FERRY-Union Depot, foot of Market .t,
FKTSZCXAITS AgTP StTBOEOKS.
DR C. C O'DONNEXLi — Office and residence.
1021% Market- st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
! BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. "
REMOVED — DR. WONQ HIM. . herb doctor.
treat* all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG ; PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
fiTOBAQI AND WAREHOUSES.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
751 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fioc Post end Poirell st«>; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission »t. : tel. Howard S41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.. tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
YOU are invited to attend the great exhibition
of art sewing machines and embroideries
¦which will commence at the White Co'e. new j
office, 915 Market st.. August 1,
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
Is cheapest; second-hand al! makes at any J
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Dome*.-
tic office. 1021 Market st near Sixth.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: tafe. reliable: take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STAMMERING.
STAMMERING permanently cured; best radi-
cal methods; highly moral, educational; first !
applicant next class free treatment: I stam-
mered 20 years. JAMES FOI-KY. 0<V> Laguna,
cor. Hayes: tel.. Page 2.">12 — 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
TYPEWBITEJRS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher ar.d lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 030 California st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
VIA VI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VI AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
DIV-DEND^ NOTICES.
A MONTHLY dividend of 5 cents per share on
the preferred capital stock of the United I
Milk Company has be<>n declared, now pay- ¦
able at the office of the company at 521
Montgomery st.. S. F. Regular monthly ,
dividends will be raid In future.
LEOA- ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANY one that has any claim on saloon at No.
121* East st.. owner Ch. McKenzle, please
col lev t your bill before July 30, 1904. Place
has b»en sold.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the InteriCTiTofflce~oT7n^
dian Affairs. Washington. D. C, July 13,
1304. — Notice Is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal
and asphalt deposits will be opened by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at his office,
in Washington, at dates as follows: For the
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time). Monday, October 3. 1904; for tracts
!n the Wilburton-Stlg'.er District (No. 2), at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday. De*
cember 5. 1904: for tracts in the Howe-Po-
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. February 6, 1905;
for tracts In the McCurtain-Mas9ey District
(No. 4). at 2 oclock p. m. (Eastern time).
Monday, April 3, 1905; for tracts In the Le-
"high-Ardmore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday, June 5 1905;
and for tracts in District No. 6 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, August 7. 1903.
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits
to be 6old and copies of the regulations of
June 17. 1904. governing the sale of the un-
leased segregated coal and asphalt lands and
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent.
Union Agency. Muskogee. Indian Territory.
Bide must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found in the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent cf the
amount of the bid must accompany the bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them of notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der fails to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will b"e
forfeited to the use. of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all bids Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A*. C.
TONNER, Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior, Washington, D C
July 13, 19O4. Approved. THOMAS RYAN
Acting Secretary.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness & Market,
Is taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne In U. S. : private; established 3
years ia S. F. Tel. Mint 2C20 from 1 to 5 pm.
MAKKIAGE LICENSES.
The followinr marriage licenses were Issued
yester Jay :
j John W. Browder, 23, 1006 Tennessee street,
j ar.d Mmnle M. Moor''. 10 Hi:* Wisconsin.
Albert T. Simmle. 21. 2157 Fifteenth street,
! and Klfreda G. Nicol. IS. 2142 Fifteenth.
Edward II. Chapman, 31, Arcata, and Alda
1 B. < ¦«."*!«% 20. Oakland.
Jnhn T. Onstott. 21. 52It Oak street, and
Pauline Peabody. 18 f>nj Dolores street.
Grcrpe H. Knon>. 2L 1027 Ellis street, and
Mabel T. Forbes. IS. 100 Fillmore street.
Richard R. Pozzio, :!*. 1<;27A Mason street,
I and Liz7.ii! Rudolph, lh, citv.
i Mitch. II V. Medln, 20, city, .and Alice L.
j Plilllii>s._l9. city.
Eugene W. Harrington. "I. 1 1'd O"FarreIl
Rtrr-et, and llamaret A. Buckley, 21, 1421
! M< Allifctcr ttrcet.
Emory I. Nichols, W5, 232 Stockton street,
i and Nadpne <;. Higlf r, is, CIS Pest street.
! Htnry M. Burke. .21. 1311 Masonic avenue.
i arid Lottie M. I'helps. 18. Jacks jn.
Lf.uis; Rocazzinl. 'Vallejo, and Mary
I Straochon, 41. Vallejo.
John W. R^ad, 2»i. ].">31 Howard street, and
Eir.ma L. Greenlwrc 23, 1002 Howard street.
Louis J. G-iudut, 2:!, «>08 Jessie Kireet, and
I Louise M. Anderson, 21 907V- Mission street.
Bauer Hess, 24. city, and Iiose de Lar-
i vlrre. 19, city.
> James E. Patten. 21, Spokane, Wash., and
i Sarah McLcmore. 21, Charlottfivllle, Va.
' diaries J. Collins. "2, 270 Ninth street and
Winifred G. Hic-ins, '.'S, 3308 Twenty-second.
H'nry Roth^nbtrz. at, city, and Estelle V.
Plilllips. 21. city.
John H. Laux. 25. 189 Thirteenth street, and
I Emily J. Dasmann. 19, 18a Thirteenth sptreet.
E1RTBS—MABBIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b? Inserted. They must be handed
ln'ftt either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN*.
ANDRESEN— To the wife of Chris P. An-
dresen. a daughter.
DUNN— In this city. July 25 1904, to the
wife of James Dunn, a daughter.
— — — — -
CLIFFORD— CALLAHAN— In this city hy
the Rev. Father Connolly. John H. Clifford
and Kitty Callahan.
DIED — —
Backer, Charles Querren, Mary E
Blecksted. Carl Khelton, Frank
Champreux. E. H. Sllvey Margaret
Cronin, Alary J. Skowran. Joseph
Currier. William J. Smith, Jostph
Fraser, Dr. S. J. Statham, Ada
Gummus, Martin • Von Glahn, John
Mackenzie. Malcolm Walsh, Patrick
Marshall. Frank M. Walsh. Peter
Mattern. Herman J. . Wardle Francis R
Milener, Adolph Wells, Daniel
Mullin, James Well, Bertha
Pope, Frank E. Woerner, David F.
BACKER— In the City and County Hospital,
July 27, 1004, Charles Backer, a native of
Germany 1 , agd 63 years.
BLECKSTED— In this city, July 26, 1904 Carl
XOOICS POK HOUSE KEEPISTO—Coa^
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
MCALLISTER. CSS — Tw« larre, unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; regular kitchen; call
before -
MISSION. B18H— Housekeeping suites and sla-
r'.e roorng; tunny. ¦>
OAK, 117, 63S McAllister— Rooms, complete;
t5 to $12: gas range, hot bath: adults.
OAK 4O7 — 14 month; bath: sunny and clean.
Bee' Sundays or 6 p. m. week days.
PAGE 22S— In a modern Cat; newly furnished
parlor suite; brsss bed: everything up-to-
date; uee cf kitchen, dining-room, bath and ;
phone; my small family; very reasonable
to the right party^ (
PFAKL, 3 corner Market — 2 furnished house-
k«-epi:.g rooms; $11. $13. $ 14; no children;
phone. : | '
POLK. 612 — $14; large back room, small
kitchen; gas stove; ba«h;call forenoon ;phone.
SACRAMENTO. 14C3— 3 titcely fur.rms.;front & •
back parlors, kitchen: gas stove, bath, phone.
SECOND. 434 — Two nice large rooms fur- '
nlehed for housekeeping^
SEVENTH. 181 — Bay-window housekeeping
roods \
FEVENTH. 436 — 4 -unny housekeeping rooms. ,
SIXTEENTH. 3R74. nr. Market— Large unfur. .
rm. : running water: suitable for housekpng- ,
CTEVENSON. C20 — Funny front rooms; single I ;
or double: light housekeeping. ;
THE Virginia, 1005 Powell st. — Complete for .
hekpg. ; furn. cr unfurn. apartments: bay win- j
dow, marine view. ba;h. range. Phone Red S32
"THE APOLLO," 526 Eddy— 2 and 3 r. suites; '
private bath, electric lights : $25 to $40. ;
TURK. 1147^-Elepant new unfurnished rooms;
¦UUHjr; select location. Arply 10 to 4.
VAN NESP ave.. 232— Furnished housekeep-
ing 2 end 3 room suites; $10. $1G. $20.
VAN NESS ave.. 141»— Sunny front suite 1 with
use of bath, rhone, etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions reotHed at ;
Call branch office, cor. Duncan _nd Church sts. •
A BRANCH effice of The Call for the reception I .
of advertisements and subscriptions has been,
orer-ed tt lf«OS Msrket ft., opposite Firth, i
Open ur.tll 11 p. tn. |
APARTMENT HOUSES.
THE STEIRLIN,
Hayes Et.. bet. Fillmore and Steiner.
Eiegart unfurnished e.^rtment of 4 rooms j
• nd bath; up to date :-. every detail; rent
J28 SO;
ST. LOUIS. 15T5 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rncm*: furn. cr unfurn. : refs. Tel. East 1350.
= | 1
ROOMS TO LET — Fnra. and XJntnrn. ,
A— BRL-NSWICHTHo-se. 148^Slxth~st^Rooms [
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to f i per week and
light houtekeeping rooms; open all eight.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1 '.
Fifth st.)— Rcoms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 .'¦" to $10 week: bouse open all night. 1
UL'RNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
rirhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished, j
DEVISADERO. 1317— Nice sunny furn!she4
rood. ,
ELEVENTH. 21— Sunr.y rooms, furnished or
unfurnished: running water; references.
ELLIS, C2 — Furnished room*.
ELLIOTT PARK. 9, nr. Geary and Stelner—
Furn-unfurn. 1 or 2 rooms, $6 to $10.
F1LLMOKK. 1021— Nicely lurnlshed sunny !
double rooms; rent reasonable.
FRAN'KLIN. 721. near O. G. ave. — Sunny fur-
n.Ehed front rooms; all conveniences; $11&$12. j
GEARY. 141S — Nicely furnished front rooms; !
j leasant licme. i
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 3.1o
to $1 25 n!ght : $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-rm. '
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished front suite,
also sineJe front rooms; f'2 5o up; quiet.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low i
rctes: 25c to 51 <ia> and $1 25 to $5 week.
"
MARKET. 7K3i^— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 903— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1049A.The Falmouth — Sunr.y rooms;
hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
MCALLISTER. 797— Sunny suit parlors, with
or without kltchtn; couple or two. three
gents: single room.
MINNA. C"S — Large eunny front room for
rent.
KATOMA. 234^-Suriay front rocm to let.
OCTAVIA. 420— 3 nicely furnished rooms; gen-
tlemen preferred; running water, gas; con-
venience.
PINE. fc27, near Powell — Large sunny fur-
r.lrhed rm: running water; 1 or 2 gents; $10.
PINE. 1733 — Enteriy new; single or eq. suite;
desirable location; e\"ei-y convenience.
POST. 945 — Rocm and board for one or two.
POWELL, 20*53, cor. Chestnut — Large, sunny
front bay-window room with running water !
ar.d pas; rent $7. 1
ROTAL House. 12<5 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-rccm, tmcking-rcom and ladies' par- i
¦ lor; ruoms per right. 30c to $1 5o; week. $2
to $*; month, $S.to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rootr.s with hot and cold water; baths.
CiNSOME. «523 — Furnished, rooms to let.
EHIPLEY. 20— Two rooms In rear.
SIXTH, 215'-i — Four unfurnished rooms to let;
no children.
_______^_____________
EIXTH, 240Vi — St. Johns; pleasant front fur- '
r.lshed rooms; -central location; most rea«.
SIXTEENTH. 303$. bet. Mission and Valencia
— One or two sur.ny bay window furnished
roon-.s; new flat; private family. j
ETtlNER. IS15C. between Eddy and EHis— I
Thre*- room- to let.
ETEVENSOn] 635— Sur.ny Jurnlshed room for
two cer-tlemen. «~— #
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nic-ly furnished sun-
r.y tuites; also single front rooms.
BCTTER. 117 — Furnished or~ unfurnish-d j
r<v>rrt. with or without housekeeping; also
roo»n# with board; full particulars No;
charge. Itoorr; Renting Advertisers.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 gutter, near Grant
«ve.— Elegar.tly furnished rocm«; hot and
cold water; baths free: $3 to $0 per week;
' $lto $: SO per day ;electric elevator or light*.
!
THIRD f-7 — Furnished rooirs to let :
¦ - — . |
TO let — Lnrpc furnished front room In private j
family. Cell fM Sixth st.
TURK. 336 — On» larct front sunny alcove j
room; partly furr.ifhrd; gas'; bath.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400 '
room«. 3-e to $1 r.ight. $1 75 to $6 we«V: elee- 1
trie liphts (no gas), running water In every :
rocm: tlevator. read. -room: free bus; baggage. ¦
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d -t.. near Market—
Most eonv«-n<p?it artd respectable- 7CO rooms*
We to $1 SO night: $2 to $S week; elevator; !
>lec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hcute. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15o '
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week. J
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement* and subscription- has been I
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
rrr<s*zz?
BOOMS AKD BOASO.
TWO eunny rooms and board. 3 adults. In pri-
vate Jewish family; terms reasonable- stau
full particular*. Box 27C2. Call.
CLAT. 1105 — Furnished room and board.
CLAYTON. -C25— Rooms and board for 2 la
private family; reasonable.
EDDY. 1128. cpp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new manag.
ELLIS. 453— Fine furnished rooms; excellent
table board; good location.
FURNISHED room, wtxh board, in German
family. Address box 2731. Call office.
HOWARD. S41A— Flm-class board and room.
ringle or doutle. t5-$6 wk.; American family.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
room for young lady, with board reasonable.
Etrvemon Mansion, opp. Grmre Church, annex
SO" California — See rooms. learn prices. try table
A WEEK'S twwi for 8 cents — The We«kly Call,
16 p->g>-s. In wrapper, for mailing. «1 per vear
WANTED — To rent furn. connect'g. rmi. and
. bath nr. Market and Kearny. Box 3S35, Call.
WANTED — Room and beard near new post-
offlc*-. Box 3S36. Call.
b- q °m BEarnyp aqekcy.
WE rent your roome; hundreds of roomers call-
Ins dally: don't delar seeing us. Room Rent-
IE* Advertisers, U7 Butter et., phone Clay 888.
Blecksted, a native of Norway, aeed 42
years. '•
(ET'Remaln. at the cariora of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. ,
CHAMPREUX— In Oakland. • July 26. 1904,
Ernest Henry, beloved son of Gustave and
Matilda Champreux, and brother of Emile
and Walter Champreux, a native of Oakland,
i Cal., aged 11 years 6 months and" 27 days.
IC^FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday) July 28, at 3 o'clock,
at St. Andrew's Enlacopal Church, corner
Twelfth and Magnolia streets. West Oakland.
CRONIN— In this city July 26. 1904. Mary J..
beloved wife of Daniel Cronin. daughter of
John and Ellen Curtis of San Leandro, and
sister of Annie, Nellie. Katie. Sallie and
William Curtis, a native of San Leandro.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fuly invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. 44S Parts street, between Prussia
and Ru5sia, thence to St. John's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
CURRIER— In this city, July 26, 1001 William
J., beloved husband of Ethel Pearl Currier,
and son of J. S. and Christine Currier of
Denver Colo., aged 25 years and 1 months.
FRASKR— In this city, July 26, 1904. Dr. S.
J. Fraser. beloved husband of Katherlne
Krascr. and father of Donald J. Fraser. a
native of Prince Edward Island. Canada,
. atced 37 years 2 months and 15 da>s.
IE?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funfral. to-day
(Thursday) at 9 o'clock, from his lato resi-
dence, 7:14 Shrader street, between Waller
and Beulah, thence to St. Agnes Church,
¦where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
GUMMUS— In the City and County Hospital.
July 27, 1904, Martin Gummus, a native of
Russia, aged C4 years.
MACKENZIE— In San Rafael, Cal. . July 26.
1904, Malcolm Colin, son of Mrs. F. F. and !
the late William M. Mackenzie, a native of j
British Columbia, aged 25 years 1 month
and 3 days.
ETTiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral «ervices
this day (Thursday). July 2S, at 2 o'clock,
at the First Presbyterian Church, corner
Fifth and E streets, San Rafael, Cal. In-
terment Mount Tamalpais Cemetery.
MARSHALL — In San Leandro, -July 26. 1904,
Frank M. Marshall, beloved brother of Mrs.
J. A. McCorkell, George D., Irwln B. and the
late James A. Marshall, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years.
C7"Remains at parlors of Porter & White.
423 Golden Gate avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
MATTEUX— In this city, July 26. 1904. at his
residence. S John street, off Powell, between
Jackson and Pacific. Herman J., beloved
liutband of Kathcrina Mattern. and father
of Earnest O.. George A., Frank H., Henry
J. and Emma A. Mattern, Mrs. Charle3
Squires and Mrs. Merle Lowry. a native of
(jcrmany. aged 71 years <i months and 14
days. (Oakland and San Jose papers please
copy.)
GTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, July 29. 1904. at 1:30 p. m., at St.
Paul's German Methodist Episcopal Church.
Broadway, between Stockton and Powell
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage. •> . i
MILSNER — In this city. July 26, 1904. Adolph,
beloved husband of Rc_» Milsner, and father
of John, Eva, Ruby. Annie, Pearl and Grace '
Milsner, Mrs. D. I. Wyatt and Mrs. H.
Abrams. a native of Krakau, Austria, aged
54 years and 10 months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), July 28, at 10 o'clock from his
late residence 53!» Jersey street, between
Twenty-fourth" and Twenty-fifth. Interment
New Salem Cemetery, by carriages 1 .
MULLIN— In this city. July 25, 1904. James
Mullln. a native of Ireland, aged 34 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are rest:ect-
fuly invited to' attend the funefal to-day
(Thursday) at 9:.'!0 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFaiden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his s=oul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Crofs Cem«-tery by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
POPE — In this city, July 27, 1904, Frank E..
beloved husband of Margaret l'ope, and
brother of Fred Pope, Mra. W. S. Runyon
and K. F. Kohlhoff, a native of Santa Cruz,
aged 3C years. (Santa Cruz papers please
copy.) • .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), July 2'J at 0:30 o'clock, from his
late residence 40S Gough strtet, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery'- •
QUERREN— In thia city. July 27, 1004, Mary
E., beloved wife of Frederick Querren, and
daughter of the late Timothy and Johanna
Sullivan, and sister of Matthew, Daniel F.,
Timothy. James A., Julia and Margaret
Sullivan and Mrs. F. Norton, a native of
Winch*«»ier, Mass.
(D'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
July 20, at 0:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
I EHELTON— In Oakland. July 26. 1904, Frank
Sh^-lton. beloved husband of the late Jane
Shelton. and beloved father of Mrs. C. B.
Callender and Mrs. Julia A. Shorey, a native
of Virginia, aged 6S years.
BIT' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of James McManus, 842-844
('astro street, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
S1LVEY— In this city, July 27. 1904, Margaret,
beloved wife of George T. Silvey, and mother
of B<»sRie Sllvey, and daughter of James
O'Reilly, and sister of John. Joseph. Nellie
and F.mma O'Reilly, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 37 years.
ICFrlonda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). July '_9. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Carew & English, 20 Van* Ness
avenue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Intprimnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
SKOWRAN— In this city, July 27, 1904,
Joseph, beloved husband of Emily Skowran,
and father of Frank, Joseph, John, George,
William. Carrie. Emily, Mary and Rose
Skowran and Mrs. Annie Morawskl a native
of Austria, aged 4D years 11 months and 17
days.
SMITH — In Colma, San Mateo County July
27. 19Ot, Jcseoh, beloved hu.-band of" Alice
Smith, a. native of Kngland, aged 75 years.
• Klko. New, papers please copy.)
JT^Frir-ndp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), nt '.1:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Colma, th'nce to St. Ann's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be"\ccle-
brated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STATHAM— In thLs city, July 27. 1O0I. Ada
beloved daughter of William M. and Matilda
P.' Statham % and sister of Mrs. J. F. Peters
»r.d Miss Grace Statham, and aunt of Alice
Peters, a native of London, England.
(ETTho funeral service*, will be held
Friday, July 2*J, at 'Z o'clock, at her resi-
dence. 2.'O7 Howard Etrret, between Twenty-
first and Twenty -second. Interment private.'
VON GLAHN— In this city. July 25, 1904.
John von Glahn. a native of Wolltngs. Han-
ovf-r. Germany, aged 7C years 11 months and
5 clays. .
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mis-
sion street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tfry. via electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
WALSH— In this city, July 27. 1904, Patrick,
dearly beloved husband of Delia Walsh, and
beloved father of Frank Walsh, and beloved
brother of William Walsh, a . native of
County Mayo. Ireland, aged 41 years.
{r^Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), July 2!), at 8:ir» o'clock, from the
parlors of Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence- to St. Rose's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interrmnt Holy Cross Cemetery, by
10:30 o'clock train.
Division No. 10, A. O. H.— The officers
and members of the division are hereby
notified to assemble at 777 Mission street
(Pacific Undertakers), to-morrow (Friday), at
R:15 a. m., to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Patrick Walsh. By order of
M. DONOHOE. President.
JOHN H. DOLAN. Secretary.
WALSH— In this city, July 27. 1904, Peter
Walsh, beloved brother of Michael Walsh,
Mrs. Mary Flaherty and Mrs. John Maloney,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 53
yf ars and 1 month.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WARDLE— In this city. July 27, 1004/ Francis
R. Wardle, a native of New York City. (New
York City papers please copy.)
{E7"Funeral and interment private.
WEIL— In Denver, ( Colo., July 23, 1904,
Bertha, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bern-
hard Well of Modesto, Cal.. and sister of
Mabel, Charles, Jacob and 'Julius Well a
native of Modesto, Cal. (Modeato, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
' C7Frlands and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the res-
dence of Joseph Weil, 1814 Pine street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by
special train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 3:10 p. m.
WELLS— In this city. July 27 1904, Daniel
V., beloved husband of Emma Wells, and
father of Garold Wells, a native of Illinois,
aged 41 years 10 months and 3 days. A
member of Brotherhood of Teamsters Local
No. S5. .
E^Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
P. J. Monahan, Manager. . TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN. O'HAEA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-23U Mission Et., near Nineteenth,
San Francisco.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from hU late resi-
dence. 838% . Harrison ¦ etreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOERNER— In this city. July 26, 19<W.
D *vid P.. dearly beloved «on of Frederick
and May Woerner. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 day.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wlihto thank our many friends for
their beautiful floral offerings, kindness ana
sympathy In our late bereavement, the lose
of a dear son and brother, Charles A.
Jennings.
MR. WILLIAM JENNINGS.
MRS. THERESA JENNINGS.
MR. WILLIAM FRANCIS JENNINGS.
RAILWAY TRAYEL.
I The Only Double-Track Railway Between I
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
Overland
The Most Luxurious Train in the Worfd.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
Ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific, !
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
Leave- San Francisco <J_lly «t 10 i n .
Two other trains daily at » a. m. and
(P.O.
For tickets, sleepinff car reserrattoas tnd
fall information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE. |
Ceaeral Agent C.kijo <b North- Welters R»i!— »y. 8
817 Market Street, 4
SAS FRASCISCO, CAL t
Ji
s*Ze~i*^s^ Train* 1«_t« and ar* dat
XO,»<TTr>jS*X to arrive at
/Jclll^MSAN FRANCISCO.
\<q^| iiVy Tmtxr Dnwrr
t_V^ * (root of Market Street )
j.*«t« - MAIN LINE. -a»bit.'
700a Vica-MIr. Winters, Rainier^ 7 60<»
7 00a Benlcla, Elm Irs ami Sacramento.. 7.20<»
7 30a Vallejo. Xapa. Callitoc*, Santa
Koaa. Martinez. San Ramon B20»
730a Nile-. Tracy. L*throp, »tocJc:on.... 7 20f
•¦00a SbastA Rxpreia — (Via Darts).
William* (for Hurtlett Springs),
Willows. ?Kr.iro. Ke4 Sluff.
Portland. Taeoma, Seattle 750«»
000a D»t1«. Woo'Iinnd. Knlf hts Leading.
Marrivtlle. Chlco. uroiiile 7 50f»
e 53a Port Costa. Martinez. Aotlocb,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Loa B*no«. _ a a d o t *,
ArmoBA. linn ford. Vital la.
Porterrllle 4..0P
8.30a Port Costa. Modtitt, Merced.
Fresno. Go*nen Jb action, Uaa-
ford. Vlsulta. HiK-rirtr Id 4.5O
I -50a Nile*, San Jose. Ltrermore, Stock-
ton, (t-Mtlton). lose. Sacramento^
MnryiTlKr Cblco. Hod Bind .... 4 20*»
1.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown, So-
oora, Tuolu-irj" and Angela 4 2Qp
t 00a Atlantic Bxjres*— Ogrten and C*t«. 620p
9-30a Richmond. Uartlaex tad Way
Stations 0 50"»
10 OOAThe Overland Limited — Offdea.
Omaba. Chicago, Denver, Kanmt
Ctty. 3t. Louis 8 20t»
10-GOa Yallejo 12-20f»
10.00a Los Antreles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byroa, Tracy,
Latbron. Stockton. Merced.
Kajmond. K res no. Goo hen .runn-
tlon. Hac'ord. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersfieik. Los Angele* 7?0»
1f.C0M Bayward. Nlleaand Way Stnttoas. 3 20»
UOOPSacrnm-ntoRlTer Steamers tii.OUP
3-30P Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
WnoilUnd. IVIliow*, KnlKhrs
Landing. MarrsvIHe, Orovllie
and way umion* •.. lOSOx
S.JCp Iltywnrd. Sllea and Way Stations.. 7 50p
4 COP Martlnez.SnnlUinun.ValleJo.Napa,
Callstosa. Sxatn Rona. 9 20 A
4 COp Miles, Tri.-r. Stockton. Lodl ...'... 4.20P
: 4 30p Hayward. Nile*. lrriBgton, Saa I t*.5GA
Jose. Llvermor* 1 111.50a
E COp The Owl Limited — Nevmta. Los
K anus. Mendoia. Fresno. Talara,
Bafeertflrld. Loa Angeles 8 50*
t5 30p Hayward. Mies and t>an Jose 7 23a
6 00 p Hayward. N lies and San .lose 9 SO*
• OOP Eastern Exprrsn— Of Jen. Omaba,
Chicago, Denver. Kanats City,
8c Louis. Tla Marrtnex. Stockton.
Sacramento, Colfax, Ueno 12S0P
8. 00p Vallejo, daily, except Sanday.... I - Rn _
7.0CP Vallejo. Similar only .....f 7 BOp
7.CCP htchmnnd. 9au Pa>>;o, Port Coita,
Marttnes and Wny Stations 11.20a
7-C0p Reno Passengf r— Port Costa, Snt-
pnn. K'mlra. l>av!». Sacramento.
Trucker, Lake Taboe. ¦ Reno,
Tonopah. Sparks 7 50a
t 05p Port Costa, Martinet. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Mode a la,
Merced. Bcrendn. Fresno and
Way Stations boyond Port Costa 12-20*
8 05p Tosemlte Valley. Tla Rervnda and
Wawona 8.50a
B.05p Martinez. Trary. Stockton 10. 20a
8 ObP Oregon - California Kx|«rei«- Pse-
ramento, MarysTlile, Iieddlng,
Portland. Pngrt Sonnd i ad K»st. 8 50«
8.10P Uay ward. Nites and San Jose (Sun
dayonly) 1150a
COAST LINE (Marr«» ««¦»•).
m <T»"t uf .Market Street.)
7.45a SantaCrnzRxcorston<Sundayonl7) 8 10p
8-15a Newark. Oentervllle. San Jcie,
Feltnn. nouldcrCreek. nigBaala.
8anta Crnz and Way Stations... 5 5Si>
t9-15A Alvtrad". Newark. San Jose. Lot
Gatrm.Gimwood. Felton. Boulder
Creek, nig Kniiln. Santa Cru*... 8-10»
T2 15p Newark. CenterTlile. Sin Josa.
New Almaden. !.<<» Gatoa.Teltun.
Bontdrr t°r*ck, 8ftnra Crnt and
Principal Way Stations 10 ">ja
4 ISp Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos t8-5»A
4.15P Wright. Boulder i;n>eU and Santa
Cruzx8atnnl.T» an.l Sunday only. »8 55*
COAST LINE (ltr«Hf «•»¦*•£
ttf~ (Third and I'ownsenil Streets.)
6 10a S«n J<>«e and Way Stations 6 .V-
t7 00a San Jose and W»y Stations 5 40p'
7.15a Monterey and S.iuta Cruz Exrnr-
slon (Snndayonly) • 10 50p
800a New Almiden (Tups., KrM.. only). 4. !_-¦
8 OOAThe Const er— San Jose. Salinas. '
San Ardo. r.tno RnMes. Santa
Margarita. Sin Lgla ohlspo.Smta
Barbara. Ssn nuena\entnra.
MontalTo, Oxnard.. tturbank. Lo«
Angc!os 10-49*
8 00a Gllroy. IlnJlturer. CastroTllle. Pel
M'>nte, Pacific Grove. Sarf, Lonv
POC _ 104SP
8.00a Ban Jorc Tres Plnos.Wat*nnTtlI<>. '
Capltola. Snnta Cruz. Parlfle
OroTe. Salinas. San l.ms Oblspo
and Principal War Si.itlons. ... 4.11a)
10 SCa San Jote and Way Stations 120p
11 JOa Santa Clara. San Jose. Lo.< tiato* ¦
and Way Station* • 30»
13Cp Bsn Jose and Way Slatlnnt 8 5S*
t5 Obp Del Monte Rxpreta (except Pan-
day)— Santa Clara. San Jore, .
¦W»tson»IIIe. Santa Crnz. Del
Mont*. Momerey. Psclflc OroTe. f12.1Sa>
S-30P Burllngamc, S«n J"«e. Gtlroy. ITol-
lliter, Trc* P!no».PaJsro, Watson- .
vllle, Capltol.i, S»nta Cruz. Ca»-
troTllle. Sallnsa, Taclflr Grove... 10 4Ra.
4.30pPan Jone and Way Stations tg QQ*
t5 OOP Santa Clara. s«n Jose, Los (iatos,
Wright and principal Wny Sta-
tions (excep* Sunday) r9 03a
|5-30p BanJoseandPrtnctpnlWayStatlons ;9.43a
6 45p Bonset Express. — UeUwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.3allnao.Paso Uohle*.
Pan Lnts Oblspo. Snnta Barbara,
Lot Aneviet, l>etn!nz. Kt V no.
Sew Orleans. New Yorlt 710a
8.46pFaJaro, Watsonvllle. Cupttnia. I v ,_ ,._
Sanu Crnz. Ca«trov1Ue. Del -rjHic
Monte. Paciilc GroTe \ t10-4SP
I6.15P tat> Maleo.Beresford.Uelmant. San
Carloa. Uedwood. Fair Oaks,
BlenloPsrk. Palo Alto «8 *3*
6 30p Bsn Jose and AT ay Stations. 6 5>»
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 101&A
11.30P South San Francisco, Mil'.nrne. Hnr
Ungame. Saa Mtieo. Beln:on^
Ban Carlos, Redwood, Fair OakA
Memo Part, and Palo Alto...... 9 43*
t11 30p Uayfietd. M.mntaln Vie*. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Saata Clara and
an Jose 45«»
A tor Morning. y for Artcrnoua
1 Sanday exceptcd. : Sanda? onlr
«. S-tnra-y only. ft Monday onlr-
ibiuiw at alt stations OB SoBdajr,
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Let** Ti» !Ui<itUl* Ftrrj Arrive
Ban Francisco r»«t »f M-tttt St. San Francitco
.Week Ban- ag»y» " 5uu : VVe«k
D»y»- d «ys- •/W^t^w day J^ _?•>'*_
"8.30T E£#IS3SM 12^46 «¦* S:* 5 *'
....... 10:00a \_9_SSl__' 2:05 pM 1-.05. v
10:00a 11:00a \t«__*_8y 3:35 p 3:35 p
I__Lp 12;20 r NSc^^y 6:40 r 6:15 i
tttr 1:45 r \£&W 8:15 p IO-.0S i
; 4;35 p TT 8:50 p
• Tl> Cratity far. * Toaalpaa ta liH UUi.
I Ticxrr 1625 Mark kt St. (North Ubore Railroaaj
OrrtCKS land Sacsalito Fkkry. Foot Market at.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per YearsFruit and Wheat Bulletin.
=
# K K O » a
up s * ?!
* STATIONS. » t o -.-<--:- £s
*• . c c •» 2 3 =
? ? 1 5 II
: : f-'l '-?'.'¦ SfS
Ooltin ............. £9 61 .... Clear .00
Eurris tS C2 N Cloudy Tr.
I"j«-no 104 CS NW Clear .00
Ha::;ord 102 C2 Clear ..00
Hollifeler KS . « XV Clear .CO
Ir..*epcr.<!cnc« «2 *& S Clear .fl©
Kipfig City 89 60 H Clear .00
L:verr=rr-> 63 61 Clear' -"-.dOi
Lor AnyeTcs M 62 W Clear .00
Nspa *7 4S SW Clear .00
Newcastle SC 70 S Clear .00 ;
Newman 9S 5a .... Clear .00 1
T'alermo ........... 03 .*.."> .... Oir .00 1
r.,rtrrv:j;e ?•:> C2 N Clear .00
r.ift JUuff Vd ti<? SE Clear .O"»
.-acram^nto *S £C S Clear .00
Nin Disga.j ..... 76 66 SW Cloudy .00
>«n Francisco CS 60 W Clear .00
:-«n Jc*e..... M .... Clear .0a
-n Luie Obi«po... «3C 61 NW CIe*r .00
Rom.....:... !>2 43 .... Clear .00
siockton ....::.* «? *O .... Clear ..CO
V.'uinwa 04 CO Clear .00
V.EATHEH AND CROP CONDITIONS. j
'v>!usa — All crops In Rood condition.
VVi'icws — Weather conditions continue favor
tile for all crops.
San Jose— LaUs peaches coming In fair.
HoIIiBt»T — Prune* turning; fine crcp.
Napa— Prunes ripening; lair crop; good
quality.- ' _
Stockton — Short crop early Crk wforoofWacljes,
«!*o undersized.
Llvermoro— About J500 acres In beets at
*Va&»nton»
r»lermo — Early crop of peaches being h«r
*^><1; crop llrht.
N>» man— Condition* the eame.
JUnford— Seedless trepea on market; rood
r ; '-i iraacs
Flour. N qr sks... 13.9S0 Wool.. tales 9S
Wheat ctls l.*14 Shorts, sks 2C0
Barley, ctls 1.737 Hide*. No 2.03S
Oata ctls t.665 Pelts. No SS5
Beans, sks ....... 101 Leather, rolls ... 83
Potatoes sks ... 4.4(541 Ume. bbls 4«0
Onions, sks * 1371 Tallow, ctls .... 244
Bran. «ks 1,536 Wine, gals 45.850
Middlings, sks . . 4tw Quicksilver, flsks 84.
Hay. tons 1.1721
. v > OREGON.
Wool. bale*!..... 2[
#- ¦ : : -?
FOR WEDNESDAY.. JULY 27.
Rcceipts of Produce.
The boat with fresh supplies of deciduous
fruits from the Sonoma district arrived too
late for ' the . regular trade, and as a result
there were large quantities of desirable stock,
particularly of Peaches, still ' unsold at the
close. Receipts . from . other sections were
heavy, however, and, although trade was
active, both for local use and shipping ac
count, the market had a weak tone and prices
of most kinds ¦ tended downward. " Bartlett
Pears in bulk were held steady by liberal pur
chasing for canning \ account, while fancy
wrapped stock dragged badly and prices were
barely steady. - Apricots ¦ In small packages
were easier, as the previous high prices re
stricted trade and supplies were commencing
to accumulate. Loose stock was weak, as the
canners reduced their btds arid were indifferent
buyers, being ; too busy with Pears; Peaches
were In excessive supply and ruled weak, with
60c an extreme figure for the best shipping
stock in small boxes. Some extra fancy highly
colored Apples of the Red June variety were
selling at $1 50@l 65 per box. but the general
market was In bad shape, with $1 25 an ex
treme figure for the best Gravensteln3. Trashy
stock from Watsonvllle was plentiful and
dragged at - unsteady rates. Figs were easier
under increaned supplies, some of which ~ ar
rived - late. Plums and Melons showed ~ little
change, . while Grapes were exceedingly dull at
lower prices. - Blackberries continued to arrive
freely from SebastopQl and. prices ranged lower,
with ' the canners - buying at' 2c .'per, -pound,
about equivalent to $1 75 .per chest. The other
berries were In good request and steady. Cen
tral American Bananas were selling at nar
rower range but otherwise them was nothing
netv^to report In Tropical or Citrus fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days...-. — $4 rs^
Sterling Exchange, Eight — 4 S8%-
Stcrllng Exchange, cables.. ~...J. — 4 M«V*
New York Exchange, sight /. — 10'
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce......." — , 58%
Mexican Dollars....... 46 @ 46%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London 20.4«%
Paris on London. 25.20
Wheat and Other Grains.
AVHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower.
Chicago was l%c higher, with the pit crowd
buying on crop damage reports and lower con
sols. New York was also a heavy 1 buyer.
There were a good, man reports of rust from
South Dakota and Western Minnesota. J Min
neapolis wired: .'"The worst feature here is
¦.the backwardness of Wheat. We do not be
lieve that the three States will have over
175.000,000 bushels." : Dallas (Tex.) wired:
"Texas mills are buying In Oklahoma. Our
crop will bo 50 per cent short." ,
In this market the cash Wheat was held
firm, but quotations ahowed.no change. Trad
ing In futures was very heavy, with large buy.
ing on war sentiment, - shorts covering and
strong Eastern markets, and prices advanced.
CASH WHEAT.
, California Club. $1 35@1 40; California White
Australian. $1 55©1 57%; Northern Club,
$1 35@1 37%; Northern Bluestem, $1 C2%®
1 55 per ctl. FUTURES
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. . Close
December ...$1 39 . $1 40% $1 39 $1 39%
2 - p. , m. Session. "]-
Open! - High. Lot-. Close
December ...$t 39% $1 M% $1 39% $1 3 9%
BARLEY — Cash sales showed a rather easier
market, none being reported over $1 02%, but
futures were" firm. The latter, were quiet. The*
demand in the courttry continues good. .
CASH BARLEY. . ,
Feed. $1@1 02%; new~Brew!ng and Shipping 1 '
SI 050-1' 12%; Chevalier, nominal.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to -11:30 a^m. '
Open. High.- Low. Close.,
' There was no further change In any descrip
tion yesterday, receipts being liberal and stocks
continuing large. Butter being In especially
heavy supply.
Receipts were 105,300 lbs Butter. 1417 cases
Eggs and 12.100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 20921c
for extras and 19c for. firsts; dairy, 17@19c;
store Butter. 14@16c; Eastern creamery. 1D%©
20c: Eastern ladle-packed. 14@15%c per lb.
CHEESF. — 9ig9%c for choice mild new and
S€'S%c for lower grades; Young Americas. 11^
ll%c; Eastern. 10«*15c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 22%«24c for fair and 25S26c
for choice; More. 19©21c: Eastern, 20@22%c
for first and 18%@19c for seconds.
Butier, Cheese and Eggs.
Exchange is showing more tendency to fluc
tuate/ and. Is tending upward. Local rates on
New York and London . were higher yesterday
and Paris on London wno also higher.
The steamer Ventura, due at this p'ort from
Sydney on August 8. will bring $1,000,000 In
gold.
/ LOCAL.-—
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.'
SEATTLE. July 27.— Clearings, $504,242- bal
ances. $83,844.
TACOMA, July 27.— Clearings. $278,353; bal
ances, $56.7S2.
PORTLAND, July 27.— Clearings, $39»,676;
balances, $G3,920.
SPOKANE. July 27.— Clearings, $319,321;
balances, $57,075.
Northern Business.
Another car of Western Poultry was on sale,
making the third for the current week, and
cleaned up readily at steady prices. Receipts
of domestic stock were rather heavy, approxi
mating 100 coops, but trade continued active
and the recently advanced quotations were
well maintained. Hare and Rabbits were in
good request and the latter were firmer, while
Doves were plentiful and easier..
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. *15@17cper lb for
Gobblers and 14015c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25® 1 50; Goslings. $1 50*11 75: Ducks. $4@5
per dozen for old and $4 50(05 50 'for young f
Hens. $5 50@6 for large and $4 5005. for small;
young Roosters $7@7 50; old Roosters. $4 50@
5; Fryers. $4 50Q5 50; Broilers. $3@3 50 for
large and $2 ."iO-fj'3 for email; Pigeons. $1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 25@1 5O for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Dovea, 4O«t5Oc per dozen; Hare,
$\ 25«1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits. $1 75
pet dozen.
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR — The Western . Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.05c;
Powdered. 5.90c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c; Dry
Granulated, fine. S.SOc; Dry Granulated, coarsp.
5.80c: Fruit Granulated. 5.90c; Beet Granu
lated (ICO-lb bags only). : Confectioners'
A. 5.80c: Magnolia A. 5;40c: Extra C. 5.30c:
Golden C. 5.20c; "D." 5.10c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 23c more: boxes, 60c more; 5O-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.30c: boxes. 6JJ5c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.80c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5%c; San Quentln. $5 40;
Wool Bag3. 30i*32c; Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit
Bags. 6M.-1jTV*:c for white and 7c for brown
jute. • '" ,
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Standard, $7: Roslyn, $7: Coos
Kay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 In
sacks:- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. *8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2600 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linsetd. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c fcr raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10® I 12: Lueol. 50c
for boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut, cases.
«2%iS$0c oer gallon: Cocoanut Oil, In. barrels.
&S.' for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale OH. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring OH. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c- Salmon OU. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fifch Oil, 35c; boiled Paint OU. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. . .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Otl. in cases. 19%e: Astral. 19V$c;
Stir,\19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c; in cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bnlk. 13c; In
cases. 19%c; S-G-decree Gasoline, In bulk, 25c;
Irs casts, .tic. -
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7^i©
7&c D«r lb: White Lead. iU^M^e. according
to quantity.
General Merchandise.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. July 27— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 67c; bluestem, 71@72c; valley. 78c
July 27.— WHEAT— lc higher;
club. 69c; bluestem. 75c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS, July 27.^-WOOL— Firm and in
good demand. Medium grades, combing and
clothing, 20@25c: light fine, 10<g20c; heavy fine
12@ltJc; tub washed, 21@24%c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 27—5 p m.
The following maximum and minalmum
temperature* -are report e<J for previous day
from Eastern cltie»:
Boston - .• S4-56",New Orleans .. 90-72
Cincinnati 86-64 i Philadelphia ..*.". 76-64
imdoocxtn* W>-72j Washington 80-5S
BL Louis 76-66;New York 80-66
• SAN FRANCISCO 68-50
COAST PJICORD.
o K s a i»
o •«.«£•»<• <~ "
3 5353*= il «
STATIONS. Z l||||g |- S
: ? • : - : f
Ti&ktT 29.80 82 £8 NW Clear .00
'"arsm 23. t£ S4 HO W Clear ..00
Lurcka 30.16 58 52 N Cloudy Tr
Fresno 29.82 104 CS NW .Clear .00
. C E. Fsra:!on.30.00 57 53 NW Clear .00
Flagrarr ....29.85 78 64 SW Rain Tr.
Pocatello 23.76 86 CO FE Pt.Cldy .(X)
Independence 29.78 H2 68 S Clear .00
La, Ar.geles .23:88 &i e2 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpalt.29.97 75 66 W Clear .00
North Ue&d .3O.1O «2 R4 SW Clear 02
Phoenix 25). 70 V* 8O 'NW Cloudy -r
Point Reyes ..29. 93 57 51 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.06 64 &6 W Rain .O8
o Ked Bluff ...29.78 66 C8 SE Clear .00
rtoscburg 30.03 74 4S NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.86 88 54 S Clear .OO
t-a!t Lake 29. SO £« 72 SE Clear Tr.
Eftft Franciseo.i».t*8 «R SO W Clear .00
P. L. Oblspo.29.90 R* 54 NW Clear .00
Diego ...29.!»2 76 B6 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle ..3O.OS «58 5« SW Pt.Cldy Tr
Fnokan- 23.82 M 58 SW Clear .00
X*'*'**! 30.08 M 52 SW Cloudy .33
Waiia Walla. .29. «6 K4 64 SW Clear 00
V^r-necucca 29. 7S 'JO 58 W Clear ,00
~>uraa 23.72 9S 76 SW Clear ?00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been but little change in pressure
curing the twenty-four hours on the Pacific
Coast.
Rain has fallen at Portland and alonr the
coast frcm the mouth of the Columbia River
r»crtt»ard.
Much cooler weather prevails in Oregon and
»> ashington.
In California there has been but little
CjMIlSjfca
Thun<3er«tonn€ are reported at Modena and
n«g»taii»*
Strong northwest winds are reported at Point
r.ey«ss and the S. E. Farallon.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
r.ocrs ending midnight July 28:
Northern California— Fair Thursday cooler
lr. the interior: light southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday- po»
»'*•:>¦ thunderstorms la the mountains- fresh
ftnuthweet winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday: cooler.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday:
cooler: light eouthwest changta* to brisk
westerly wlnfia. -•-
A. O. McADfE. District Forecaster.
Wheat — •» Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 8% 69%
Closing 6 9% 6 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— July Nov. -Feb.
Opening 21 70 22 70
Closing 21 65 22 55
Flour —
Opening 30 00 29 05
Closing .....30 40 20 W5
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%@4*;e;
200 to 250 Ib3. 4^c: 130 lbs and under. 4%c:
over 250 lbs. 4>4c; soft Hogs, nominal; Sows,
20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off, and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%«7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5y-@6%c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%&3%c; Ewes, 3g3Ue
per lb (gross weleht).
LAMBS — *2 5OS2 75 per head.
There is ¦ nothing new to report In either
live or dressed stock.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5®6%c for Steers and 4g5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 407c; small. 7@0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8c; Ewes. 7@7%<?
per lb.
LAMB— 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%fi8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
ONIONS— Silverekins. $1 50@l 63 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75c@$l 50 per
sack or crate; String Beans, l@2c per - Ib;
Wax Beans, l@2c per lb; Lima Beans, 5@Gc
per lb; Tomatoes, in small boxes 20Q30c;
large open boxes 35©50c: Summer Squash. 2549
35c per box; Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots, $1
per eack; Cucumbers, 25@35c per box; Pickle
Cucumbers, nominal: Garlic, 3@4c per lb; Egg
Plant. 60@73c per box; Dried Peppers, 8<&10e
for Bun-dried and 12%#n3e per lb for evapo
rated; Green Okra. 75c@$l per box; Green
Peppers. 6O@75c per box for Bell and 35650c
for Chile. y.-i , L ;,< ,-. ¦'.¦.. .;¦
The low prices of Potatoes continued to at
tract trade and, although the receipts were
heavy, the market was pretty well cleaned up
at the close. Cheap grades of river Burbanks
in sack* are in fair request for shipment to
the Southwest, one or more cars being shipped
dally, and this movement keeps the market
steady for that class of goods. Salinas Bur
banks are quoted nominal, as available sup
plies are of poor quality and hard to dispose
of. The quotations for Red Onions are
omitted, as there are only a few sacks coming
In from day to day. Sllversklns rule weak
at the recently revised quotations.
The market was badly congested with To
matoes In large boxes from the river districts
and they were being pressed for sale at
sharply reduced rates. Small boxes from other
•sections were practically unsalable. String
and Wax Beans continued to arrive freely and
the canners were still buying the former at
the Inside quotation. Egg Plant. Green Pep
pers and Okra were plentiful and cheaper and
the other vegetables were generally weak.
Sweet Potatoes from Coachella were offering
at 5®Sc per pound and met with a fair sale.
POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river,
$1®1 40 per ctl; Watsonvtlle Burbanks. $1 4O8
1 60 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. nominal- Early
Rose. $1@1 40; Garnet Chiles. $1@1 15; old
Potatoes, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
W cat her Report.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 27.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 5000 head. Including 1500 Southerns;
market steady. Native steers, $4g4 65; South
ern steers. $2 25414 50; Southern cows. $1 75@
3 50; native cows and heifers. $1 7!UtS: uto^V
ers and feeders. $2 5O@4 50; bulls, $2 25@3 75;
calves, ?2 50@6: Western steers, ?3 7!Vu5 &O;
Western cows. $1 75<g3 75. ¦ ,¦* ¦
HOGS — Receipts, 7000 head; market 10c to
15c lower. Bulk of sales, $5 33*75 50; heavy.
$3 45©5 50; packers, $5 35@5 60; pigs and
light. $4 73155 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000 head; market steady.
Muttons. $3 25®4 75; lambs, $4@6; range
wethers, $3 75@4 75; ewes, $4®4 75.
« ¦ *
! Miscellaneous. Markets. |
KansasCitv.
CHICAGO. July 27.— The cattle market to
day was suspended on account of the fire at
the plant of Swift & Co. j
Chicago.
] CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. |
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
steers. 0%c; medium, 8%@9c; light. 8©8%c:
Cow Hides. 8@S%c for heavy and S@8%c for
light; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal.
10c; Salted Calf, 10%©tlc; dry Hides. 16c;
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shear
lings, 25@40c each; short Wool. 4OSV.5c each:
medium. 75@90c: long Wool, $1©1 50; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for
medium. $1 25@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts.
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium, SUM 25 for small and 50c for Celts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry wilted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 30@32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large
do. $1 25; large and smooth, 5Oc; medium. o3c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered 4g4Uc per lb:
No. 2. 3%c; grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 17@19c: San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10@12c; do 7 months', 9@llc per lb;'
Middle Counties. 13@17c for free and 12©15c
for defective; Northern, lfMJISc for free and
14@16c for defective; s — -da. 13@16c, accord
ing to condition.
HOPS — Nominal at 25«27"c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quot
ed at 16(@20c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Everything In the Bean line rules very
steady and Llmas. Pinks and Blackeyes are
stiff and In demand, as previously stated. Mus
tard Seed continue* firm at still higher prices,
as will be seen. '
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40^2 55; Pea, $2 903310;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $2 90@3 10; large
White, $2 40#2 55: Pink. $3 60@3 75; Red, $4 25
©4 50; Lima. $3 40©3 50; Red Kidneys. $4 50:
Blackeye. J2 20@2 30 per ctl; Horse Beans, $2
SEEDS-^JBrown Mustard. $5@5 23; Yellow
Mustard..' $3 25@3 50; Flax. $1 9O@2 25;
Canary, 6%®7c; Alfalfa. 15@15%c; Rape, 1%
@2%c; Timothy, 5%c; Hemp. 3Vi®3%c per lb;
Millet, 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per
ton. ¦
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO, July 27.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creameries. 13@17c: dairies. 12@15c Eggs
firm. 12®16%c Cheese steady. 7%@8%c
Butter, Cheese, and Eggs.
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 31% 81% 31% I
Pressed S" Car pfd 75%
Pullman Palace Car 100 220 220 219
Republic Steel 400 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd: 1,700 41 42fc 42V4
Rubber Goods 17%
Rubber Goods pfd \ 77%;
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 12,100 43% 41% 41% •
U S Leather 400 7% 7 7 !
U S Leather pfd... 900 82% 81% 81%)
U S Realty & 1 47&
11 S Rubber 700 19U 19 19 I
U S Rubber pfd 73%'
U S Steel 15,200 11% 11% ' 11% ,
U S Steel pfd 84,800 61 M 69 00%j
Wostinghouse Elec 155
Western Union 300 88% 83 88
Total sales 609,700 shares. ! \ ' -
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN' FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 27.— No bond transactions
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4)4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
40%, asked 41. . . ---y:
C :•¦-'" NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L, & N unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon ....104% Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104%lMex Central 4s... 61
Do coupon 105% I Do 1st Inc..'... 14
Do new 4s reg.131 Minn & St L 4s. OOVl
Do coupon 132HIM, K & Texas 4s. 93%
Do old 4a reg.lO6*i| Do 2ds 80%'
Do coupon 106V*|NR of Mex con 4s. 77
Atch gen 4s I03&IN Y C gen 3%s.. 99% j
Do adj 4s 95 IN J C gen 5sNN132% I
Atlantic C L 4s. OSTs Nor Pac 4s ...... 1O5}4
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103 % Do Ss 70
Do"3%s 94% Nor & W con 4s.lO7Vi
Central of Ga 5S.110U OSL 4s & partlc. 97%
Do 1st inc 79 Pa conv 3%s 97%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l(W% Reading gen 4s... 99% '
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78% S L & I M con 5s.ll6%
C. B & Q new 4s. 97 S L & S F f g 4». 81%
C.M & SPgn 4S.109U St Louis «W lsts. 95%
C & NW con 7s.l30 SeaDoard A L 4s. «9%
(IRIS Pac 43. 70% So Pacific 4s 94
' I>o col 5s 81% So Railway 5s 114%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 101% Tex & Pac lsts..HS%
Chi Term 4s 74 T. St L & W 4s.. 73U
Cons Tobacco 4s. 63% Union Pacific 4s..lO5%
Colo & So 4s 85 Do conv 4s 101 Vi
C F & I con 5s. 75 US Steel 2d 5s.. as
Den & Rio G 4s. 100 Wabash lets 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. OS % - Do deb B 59
Do gen 4s 84% W & L Erie 4s... 91\4
F W & D C lsts.104% Wls Central 4s.... 8D%
Hock Val 4%s...lO7%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 03
Alice 20| Ontario 3 25
Breece 101 Ophir 2 10
Bruns Con 08! Phoenix 10
Com Tunnel .... CSi Potosi 13
Con Cal & Va. .. 05; Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 50[ Sierra Nevada.... 20
Iron Silver 1 60! Small Hopes 20
LeadvlUe Con ... 02|Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — U S Steel 11
Call loans 2£3% Do pfd 69%
Time loans 3(94% Westing Common. 78
Bonds — Mining —
Atchlson 4s 101% Adventure 1 5-16
Do adj 4s 94% Allouez 8
Mex Central 4s... 62 Amal Copper .... 59%
Railroads — Amer Zinc 11
Atchison 75% Atlantic 9
Do pfd 95% Bingham 24#
Boston &. Albany. 249 Calumet & Hecla.475
Boston & Maine. .163 Centennial 23
Boston Elev 172% Copper Range ... 51%
Fitchburg pfd 136 Daly West 14%
Mex Central 9>4 Dom Coal 42
N Y. N H & IL.194% Franklin 7
Pere Marquette. .. 74 Grancy 2Ti
Union Pacific 94% Isle Royale 10
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Michigan 4
Do pfd 75 I Mohawk 41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4UlMont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Sugar ....127% I Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd 129% Osceola 61
Amer Tel & Tel. 131 Parrot 24
Amer Woolen ... 11 Qulncy S3
Do pfd .6%! Shannon 55i
Dom Iron & S... 8%|Tdmarack SS
Ed Elect Ilium. ..24S iTrinity 7%
Gen Electric 159%|U<S Mining 21U
Mass Electric 17%|IT S Oil 10%
Do pfd rasitUtah 36%
Mass Gas 39% ! Victoria 31'
United Fruit ....103% I Wlnona 7%
Un Shoe Mach... 49 [Wolverine 75
Do pfd 31 I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 85% I N Y Central 121
Do for acct..87 13-161 Nor & Western... 61%
Anaconda 3% I Do ¦ pfd 91
Atchlson 77%IOnt & Western... 3154
Do pfd 0«t% Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bait & Ohio 85% I Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 12«^ I Reading zav.
Ches & Ohio 34T4| Do 1st pfd 42%
Chi Great West.. 14% I Do 2d pfd 35'
Chi. Mil & St P. ISO I So Railway ...... 24
De Beers 19%| Do pfd 90
Den & Rio G....J22 I So Pacific 51 T»
Do pfd R3%! Union Pacific .... 95%
Erie 24%l Do pfd 96
Do Ut pfd 62 |U S Steel 12
Do 2d pfd 37%l Do pfd 02K
111 Central I3S IWabash 17'
Louis & Nash 117UI Do pfd 16
M K & Texas... 18 I Spanish 4s 85%
Bar silver — Quiet. 26%d per ounce. '
Money — 3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2 15-1C@3 per cent and for three
months' bills 3 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 27. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $148,3SS.459; gold, £44,076,
091.
¦
New York Cotton Market.
y
NEW YORK, July 27.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady. July, 10.25c; August. 10.06c;
September. ».80c; October, 9.61c; November,
offered. 9.58c; January, 9.60c.
Cotton futures closed barely steady. August '
10.15c; September. 0.86c; October, 9.67c; N<v
vember, 9.62c; December, 9.64c; January 9 65c*
February. 9.66c: March, 9.68c. '
Spot cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands
12.70c; middling gulf. 12.95c Sales. 65 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
10,740 barrels; exports, 300 barrels. Market
firm with a light trade. Minnesota patents
$5^5 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 70.000 bushels; exports,
none. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. nominal elevator :
and ?1 O2 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern :
Duluth. nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options open
ed stronger and active on another war scare,
holding firm all day with higher Liverpool
cables and foreign buying. The afternoon de
mand was especially prominent, stimulated by
less favorable crop news and a better war
demand. The. close was %©Ic higher. July.
$! 02%@l 03%, closed $102%; September!
93H@94 7-lHc, closed 94%c: December, 92®
931,4c. closed 92^c. . ¦
HOPS— Quiet; Pacific Coast, 1903 crop,
26S29c.
HIDES— Quiet, 21 to 25 pounds, I80.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet; total sales
were reported of 825.250 bags. Including
August, 6c: September. 6.40o: December. 6.50c;
March, 6.70c; May, 6.85@6.90c; spot Rio,
steady; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw. firm: refined, firm.
BUTTER AND EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tlnues quiet with light demand, but offering* '
are auiet and the tone Is firm. Common are
quoted at 4@5%c; prime. 5%@6c; choice, Q\i®
0%c. and fancy, 7%c. ''"
PRUNES— There is a steady demand and
hlsher prices was the result. The dally ag
gregate wpas rather disappointing. • Prices
show no Improvement with spot fruit ranging
tT0 FZ,J£~XL 3Wc ' according to grade,
at the moment. Choice are quoted at 9'/i<gl0c;
"to^SJ 0^ 1o^@ 1o^C and fancy. ll®13c.
PKACHE.S— Are mQving slowly, but holders
eeemed confident and are maintaining prices.
Choice are held at 7071,40; extra choice, 7%@
8c, and fancy. 9@10c. - ,
Nciv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Tin recovered part
of it6 recent loss to-day, with spot closing at
£122 IO3 and futures at £122 15s in the Lon
don market. Here tin was quiet, but slightly
lower, with spot quoted at $26 87%@27 03
Copper declined to £57 for spot and futures
In the London market. Locally quotations are
unchanged, with lake held at $12 62%«j"12 87»4
electrolytic. $12 62%©12 75; casting. $12 37%©
12 50. '¦ w
Lead was unchanged In both markets. Lo
cally* tlie price stands at $4 20@4 25 : for spot
with London quoted at £11 13s 9d.
Spelter was unchanged at £22 7s 6d In Lon
don and at $4 85@1 05 in the local market
Iron was unchanged at 51s 9d In Glasgow,
while Mlddlesboro was a shade lower at 42s Od
Locally Iron continues quiet. No. 1 foundry'
Northern, Is quoted at M4@14 50; No 2 founl
dry. Northern, $13 75@14: No. 1. foundry
Southern, and No. 1 foundry,, Southern, soft,'
$13 50@'13 75.
¦'Howfiw. the business outlook is satisfac
tory. Evidently th!« country has turned its
back upon the period of extreme depression
m-fcich began in 1903, but no wild boom is in
sight, end none Is wanted. The country needs
a siow and substantial recovery, and this Is
all it is llkc-ly to get. Any attempt .to create
a spirit of unreasonable hopefulness in Wall
«r«rt is sure to end in disappointment and
•if-'.&y. The stock market hereafter will pre
¦ent OEceftaat opportunities for quick in-and
nut transactions, ae the fluctuations will be
important and of frequent occurrence."
A Wall street financier Bays of the iron
and stw! trade: "In the iron trade a great
&e*l more has been made out of the Improve
ment than Ss Justified, apparently for the pur
pose el stimulating speculation In the eteel
iesue* A turn for the better has really ap
peared in the iron trade, and buyers arc
rather mor* willing to place orders since they
are convinced that the decline in iron has
ceaBed; but prices are still very low and the
volume of orders is far below the normal.
When bountiful crope become a certainty gen
eral trade will assume more activity, and the
railroad* may then tee their way to larger
purchmw* cf rails and rolling rtock; but that
will fhow In the last quarter of the year,
and not in the present quarter, although there
has certainly been sufficient improvement In
the Iron industry to warrant a more hopeful
feeling.
The Iron Trade.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c;two tierces.
Sc; five tierces, 7TsC per lb.
Dragging markets everywhere are still re
ported and quotations show no change.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10c per lb for
heavy. 10%o for light medium, 12%c for light.
13 %c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13 %c; California
Hams. 12%c; Mess Beef $10®10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $11©11 50; Family, $12©l2 50;
prime Mess Pork, $11 60; extra clear, $21; Mess.
$17 50: Dry Salted Pork. 9»4c: Pig Pork. $24;
Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, He per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6@6%c per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half- barrels, pure,
9Vic; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-Ib tins; 9%c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
Provisions.
Stocks^- Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 46,500 77% 75% 75*1
Atchison pfd 000 9«i . 95*4 »5iZ
Bait & Ohio 12,800 83% 82% 82?
Bait & Otlo pfd 9«>i2
Canadian Pacific... 1,000 123«4 122U I22S
Cent of New Jersey 600 163 163 162
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,400 3314 32% 32=>i
Chicago & Alton... 1,400 40^i 39 30U
Chi & Alton r>fd... 100 80% 80% 81
Ch. & Gt W 1,100 14V 4 13% 13%
Chi & N W 1,200 178 177% 1T7%
£)}. M&St P.... 30,600 146% 1«£ 145?4
S}-&£2&££: ,.!°° 178 -* *!!* lls Jt
c^ T c & * JTl:::: .. s ?? "* "" \\
Colo Southern **** [^u
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 48 4S* 4714
Colo South 2d pfd 19JX
r^}* iJ 1 ?*?*-" "»J* l ™* 159
Dela, Lack &v% - 0*55
Denver & Rio Gr " " «m
Den & Rio Gr pfd. COO 71% 71U 71U
Brie C.SCO 24% 23-i 23?1
Erie 1st pfd 4,000 60% 69$ 59%
ErieMpM 100 35% 35% 35%*
Hocking Valley 400 67 64 65
Hockii:? Val pfd... ~Lu
Illinois Central.... 2.000 1?.5% 1:55" 134 fj!
Iowa Central H>o lsu jgw igi?
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 35 20 35
Kan City Southern 20
Kan City South pfd 41ti
Louis &. Nash 6,000 113V* 112 11-U
Manhattan L 600 150% 150 143
Mptropol Securities 700 8tj 83% 83
Metropol St Ry.... 5.200 115 H41T 114
Mexican Central... 100 9% 914 ni;
Minn & St Louis .'. . 44
M. S P & S S M.. 1.300 74% 73U 7j«4
M, S P & S S M pfd 127^
Missouri Pacific... 2.100 92% 9iu 9114
Mo. Kan & Texas. 400 17% 17'4 nil
M. K A T pfd 300 33 3S% HSK
Nat RR of Mcx pfd 353:
N Y Central 1,200 IIS 117H H.sJ
Norfolk A West... 4,300 , COU M% 59U
Norfolk & W pfd. . 500 1)1 80 90
Ontario & Western 7,200 31% 80% 30%
Pennsylvania 42,900 119% 118% 118%
Pitts. C. C A St L 60
Reading C6.100 62% 60% 61
Reading l*t pfd 600 83% 62 81%
Reading 2d pfd 68
Rock Island Co 6.600 22*4 21% 21%
Rock Ward Co pfd 3.300 (15 <V»,% 63%
6 L & S F 2d ptd. 1.S0O 52 51 51
EtLSW..... 100 12% 12% 12%
St L S W pffl 800 33 32"4 32
Southern Pacific 55,100 Bl% 50% 60%.
Southern Railway.. 5,000 23% . 22%. 22%
Southern Ry pfd... 100 88 88 87%
Texts & Pacific... 1.000 • 24% 24»i I'4ty
Tel. St L & W 24%
Tol. Et L & W pfd 200 33% S7U 37
Union Pacific 65,700 96 94% 94%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 93% 93% 03%
Wabuh 200 16% 16% 16%
Wibash pfd .1.000 35 34% 34
Whe».l ALE 600 14% 14% " 14
Wiscen*in Central. 700 17 1«% 17
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 400 38% 88 37%
Express Companies —
Adams .... «25
American ..... .... .... 195
United States 105
V.>ll»-FarK0 200
I Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 27.700 C2 6O«4 60%
Am Car & Found.. 500 1RU is 17%
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 77 77 76
Am Cotton OH .... 2rtV4
Am Cotton Oil pfd gs^
American Ice .... g%
American Ice pfd.. 700 28% 27% 27%
Am Linseed Oil 6 ".. .~.\ Q*
Am Linseed Oil pfd • 27
Amer Locomotive.. 1,500 21% 20% 20%
Amer Loco pfd... 100 K<3% s<1% SO
Am Smelt A Ref.. 1,800 My, 55% 65%
,' Am S & Ref pfd.. 100 99% 09% »s%
I Amer Sugar Ref... VW 12Sfc^l27Vi yj 7^
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 73 72 71
Brklyn Rap Trans. 16,900 60% 40 49%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.S0O S»% .7* 34%
Consolidated Gas.. 2,2nO 192% 192 192Vi
Corn Products 100 12% 12% 12%
Corn Products pfd. 200 «9 - i» «»
DIitlMers' Sees 100 21 21 20%
1 General Electric... 100 100 159% 160
Internationa! Paper 13%
Interntl Paper pfd. C3
International Pump 31
SS5ffiSS.8!> 1:966 £6* ?ou p
S&'ufiZH'?.: -3W 26^ 25%' 25
NEW YORK, July 27.— There was further
downward pressure of speculative liquidation
In the stock market to-day. The bear raids
upon prices were mostly made for the pur
pose of uncovering stop-loss orders on a con
siderable Bcale. Tbe fact was thus demon
etrated that large speculative holders are In
a vulnerable position and capable o f being
dislodged by declining prices. The sentimental
effect of the decline was in itself strong. The
action of United States Steel preferred was
watched with special interest, and its leader
ship of the market was a material factor In
deciding the tone of the market. The first
500 shares sold above last night's price, but
an immediate decline followed and was 'an
retrieved. This pointed to the fact that its
weakness was not due to any credence of the
rumors of a reduction in the preferred divi
dend, since the maintenance of the dividend
brought no rebuying from sellers of yesterday.
Speculative opinion was inclined to assume
that yesterday's selling was realizing and the
offerings to-day were believed to be of the
same character, as the dividend action and the
amount of the net earnings were so closely in
conformity with the published intimation.
With these doubts over the dividend for the
past quarter dissolved a new doubt Immediate
ly Eprang up a.t to the dividend for the cur
rent quarter. The record low level of unfilled
orders on hand reported by the directors and
the recognized f act that the third quarter of
the year is normally the smallest In the steel
business, gave rise to the skeptical attitude
toward stocks adopted In the day's trading.
A grave condition In the relations between the
Russian and British Governments depressed se
curities in London and Parle, and this was an
Influence on our own market. The first direct
effect on trade was looked for in the London
exchange market, which continued to hold
strong, leading to expectations of an Imme
diate outward movement of gold. A gold ex
port movement is invariably adverse to the
stock market. The excessive accumulation" of
reserves in New York banks at present does
not mitigate the usual effect upon speculative
sentiment. A good deal of attention was given
aleo to the •yosslbility of an Issue being raised
between the United States and Russian Gov
ernments should the Vladivostok ships en
counter any of the merchantmen in the Pacific
under the American flag. Repo-ts of setback
to the crop gained currency with tbe progress
of the decline in stocks. The few reports of
gross earnings of railroads for the third week
of July pointed to a poor average. Discour
agement at the Inability of the market to
withstand the selling and another pessimistic
review of the steel trade by the Iron Age led
to the late break, which carried prices to the
lowest and made the closing weak.
Bondswere eaey Total par value>
United 'States registered 3s and the new 4s
declined \i per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO. July 27. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
98@9'Jc; No. 3. 8SgO5c; No. 2 red, 97@93c:
No. 2 corn. 50c; No. 2 yellow. 5l»ic; No. 2
oats 39?i@39%c; No. 2 white, 39%©41<:; No.
3 white. 3S%@41%c; No. 2 rye. 72%c; good
feeding barley. 3o@38c; fair to choice malting,
42®50c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 18%; No. 1 North
western, $1 24; prime timothy S3ed, $3- mess
pork, per bbl, $12 80©12 85; lard, per 100 lbs.
$6 77%@6 80; short ribs sides (lcose), ?7 23<^
7 37 %; short clear sides (boxed). $7 23®7 50;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2£; clover,
contract irrade, ?11 25.
Articles— Receipts Shinnients.
Flour, bbls 33.700 12,500
Wheat, bu 171,900 114,800
Corn, bu 422,600 153,800
Oats, bu 251,600 74.900
Rye bu 10.000 7,000
Barley, bu 41,600 11,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Grar.3 tota!* 2, 117.562 $C3,CS7
In June. 1903, the exports, including dun
rare, were l.C59.f-^4 feet, valued at $29,516.
TTie dunnage fsMrments In that month were
1S.000 feet, all to Great Britain, and were val
ue! et $270.
Tctals 2.043,562 $62,652
Dunnage*—
Great Britnln €3,000 1.035
NEW YOP.K, July 27.— Close: Money on
call— Easy. 1 per cent; closing bid, \; offered,
1 per cent.
Time-, leans — Steadier. Sixty and ninety days,
2%@2% per c»nt; six months. 3H@3% per
cent.
Prime mercantile paper — 3?i@4 per cent.
Sterling exchange — Firm, with actual buil
ne£5 in bankers' bills at $l.S705®4.8S for de
mand and at $4.S51034.S520 for elxty day bills.
Posted rates— $1 S5%g4 SO and $4 8304 SS%.
Conunercial Mile — $4 64%.
Bar silver — 58Uc.
Mexican dollars — JC%c.
Bonds — Governments, weak; railroads, easy.
Nczv York Money Market.
Australia 1.BS4.1JM W.-Ji*. .
Hawaiian Islands 119.775 1,082
Mar.lla M.S20 1.765
Mexico 2C*.736 $3,696
Central America 43,«03 749
Panama 9.19S 154
Peru 27,000 900
Lumber Exports in June.
Tbe experts of Lumber frem. San Fra.ncl3co
fcr sea In June were as follows:
I EASTERN MARKETS.
FRUITS— Kew crop — Apricots. 7Vi@9%c;
Peaches. 5*ifjf7%c per lb; Figs, 2-crown bricks.
52%c: 3-crown, 53c; 4-crown 65c; 6-crown.
73c: bulk white. 3Vi®3%c: black, 4c. Old crop
— Evaporated Apples, 6%@7%e per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2®2Vio for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: CO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown,
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4c; v 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson's
seedless, 4c; seedless Sultanas, 3%c; seedless
Muscatels. 3*ic; do floated, 3%.c; Seeded Rais"
lns, 16-oz cartons fancy, 5%c: choice, SVic;
22-oz cartons, fancy, 4%c; choice. 4&c; in
bulk, fancy, 5VJc: choice, 5c; Imperial clusters,
$3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2; London Layers,
3-crown. $135; 2-crown. Jl 23.
The packers name quotations as follows:
Two-crown layers, $1; 3-crown. $1 10; 4-crown.
$1 50. while others are as low as 87%c and 90c
for 2 and 3 crown respectively. Two-crown
loose are quoted at 2%c and 3c amd 3-crown 3%c
to 3%c. The price named on fancy 16-oz seed
ed is 5%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 eoftshell. 13%@14c;
No. 2, ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. ll@ll%c: Almonds. 13@13%c for new
Nonpareils. 12@12%c for I X L 12@12%c for
Ne Plus Ultra; Peanuts. e#7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY — Comb, ll%@13c for white and
lCXiillc for amber; water white extracted, 5<&
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@3c; dark, 3%
©4}ic.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits.Nuts^RaisitiSfHoney.
Bran continues very firm, with moderate re
ceipts. Hay Is still demoralized, with dealers
making strenuous efforts to clear their receipts
out of the railroad yards.' Arrivals were again
heavy yesterday, being 1172 tons. Including 103
cars.
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"There has been an almost unprecedented
rush of Hay to' market during the past week,
the total amounting to 5CG0 tons,' an average
of close on to 1000 tons per day.
for the week preceding seemed exceedingly
heavy. 4800 tons, but this week's report puts
them far in the shade. To-day the tracks are
so congested that the railroad company could
side-track but ten cars, although, according to
all reports, there is a large amount -of Hay
across, the bay awaiting track room to be mar
keted. It can be readily understood that mat
ters are badly demoralized here. The con
sumers have been waiting for just such a time
as this, and even now seem indisposed to buy
at all freely, looking for a still further decline
In prices. Trade naturally Is quiet owing to
rather depressed conditions in wholesale lines,
and it eurely looks as though Hay will be
purchased more cheaply in two or three weeks
from now, for there is yet a large amount
to be marketed here during the next two
months. *
"A later report from the United States De
partment of Agriculture states that as a gen
eral summary "Hay has yielded an excellent
crop In all sections except the South. The
grain crop is reported far below the average
both In yield and quality, and. although prices
on all kinds of cereals are on the upward
grade, yet a marked decline with Hay is very
evident.* '
"We understand that already the Llvermoro
farmers have dropped their high figures a bit,
and If our market continues overcrowded there
will probably be a still further lowering all
around."
BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $24®29 per ton.
SHORTS — $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled barley. $21 50(322 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@32 60:
Jobbing, $33; Coccanut Cake. $22@23: Corn
Meal. $30 50@31 50; Cracked Corn. 131032;
Mixed Feed, $22®22 50; Horse Beans, $30®40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctL
HAY— Wheat. $9@U with $12@I2 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat $8®11: Oat. $7 500
11; Barley, and Oat. $7©9 50; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $7©9; stable $7@9 50; stock. $6 50@7 50;
Clover, $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa, $7®10 50 per ton.
STRAW— JOStiOc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
l=~ll ? bus i"* S9 !n bonds, including $81,000
f>p£^ ° E 'f ctrlc 63 at $37 73. Otherwise
Th-^f not , hlnif new on tne Bond Exchange.
<i «i i * nd mlnln » stocks showed no par
ticular change, beyond an Improvement to th«
?»« ?£ Comatocks. notably Ophir and Mexl
m.?;» The h Ton °P a 1 1 > «<*ks were comparatively
2? the *t leraSS" 1 bUt " howed more activity
V'^r %£t L ,* *? Cl * > - 00 ° authorized issue ot
nies Associated Oil Compa- ~
rlIZZ F nUed , States Ste " Corporation has-de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of l?i-p*r
cent on the preferred stock. Th* net profit*
for the quarter ended June 3O. 10O4. are stated
S 5?? e «^X!, *W.«».725. showing 'a decr4t*
cf $17,151,383. as compared with the namn
quarter last year, and an Increase of $<USi <oa
•• compared with the quarter ended March SI,
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a,
monthly dividend of 20 cent» p«r share on Au
gust 5.
The Pullman Company has declared a regular
quarterly dividend of $2 per share from th»
net earnings of the corporation, payable Au
gust 15.
STOCK AXD BOXplEXCHAyGE.
WEDNESDAY. July 27—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.i Bid. Ask.
¦Js qr coup. .10« 10«4l4s qr ep new.WHJ13.1
4s qr reg...lO6 106^13? qr coup. ..105%lC(J4
\ MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 3«. — — (oak T Co es.HTU
Asso Oil 5s. 72% — I Do 5s llrt —
Bay CPC 59.10.1 1C5 | Do con 5s.. 102% —
Cal C O 5s.l03%loi%!Oceanlc S 5«. — 72%'
Cal G \ & E g |om Cable to — 124U
m & ct 5s. S4% S5 |Pac G Im 4s. 92% 9f.
£*U*L C 5s - — lt5 «' p E Ry 5s..lO4ial03
C C Wat 5s. — 100 IP & c H 6..10S —
EdL & P Ss.124 — iFftOR Cs.111 —
F & C H 6..112% — |P<,w,II-»t «.,. — 114
£ e t^V st . 3s • ~ S0 Sac EG&R.V.. 97% —
H CAS 5%s.lCO — SF & SJV3».n7%n7sa
xr^iV-- " 10 ° Slerra R «¦- — 113
Hon R T Cs.106%107 S P of K «s
L A Elec Ss. — — (l!K)flv __ _
L A Ry 5s..ll4«ill3% (191O> _ lestC
LAL Co 6s— - |S F of C 6>
Do gtd «s. — — I <19OC)Sr A.lftS 103 %i
Do gtd 5s. — 105 <19Or,)? r B.1O4 —
LAP lem 5a. 101 >i — <190«> lC5?i
Mkt-st C Bs.113% — I ,io 1= ) m ** _
Do lem 5».tl5 — |SPC 1 eg 5s 110
M i5 MtT5 8l°1^3 — Do stampd.10**: — ;
NRR of C6S.105 — S y B R Wl32 — I
JS^Vv 11 * — S V Wat 6s. 105*; — '
NP C R 5s. — lo3i.il Do 4a 2dm. 99% — I
5i Ry 3s • — 112 I Do 4 3 3dm. 99 1
N C P C 5». 10O — Xjo r mtftia 08 _ !
N S R R 5s. — 101 |stkn G*E«». 03U; j«
O G L&H 3J.107 108 I U G & E 5s. 103 '
O W gtd 5s. — ICO (
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 26 40 |Port Costa... — f— •'
Marln Co... — (SO |S V Wat Co. 36% 37tJ
-,,GA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 (S F G A E. 61 61<4
Mutual EL.— 134lstkn G A E. — T>T
Tac L Co... 56% — | U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE. -•'
Firem's Fnd.340 — | j
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l20 130. IL. p & A ../. — 153 |
Ansio-Cal .. — 87 Mer Trust.... 205 — '
Bank of Cal. — 430 Merch Ex 50 — *•
Cal Safe Dp. — 130 3 F Natlonl. — — I
First Natlonl — -• |
X SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22Si> 2330 [Sav & L So. _ 100 •
Hum S & L. — — (sec Sav Bk. — 303
Mutual Sav. 100 105 | Union T Co . — _
S F Sav U.600 G50 |
STREET RAILROADS. "-:• '
California .. — 200 [Presidio 4t% 43 ,
G'ant 60%— |Vlgorit -,- 5
Hana P Co.. — 20c IKilauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 50% — IMakawell C. 22% ZiK'
Honokaa S C — 12%: Onomea S C "ill
Hutch S P C 7% 8^|Paauhau S C. 13 I31I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127%12S%| Oceanic S Co 4ti;
Cal F C A. 99 10O Pac Aux FA. 4% «^
Cal Wine A. — — Pac C Borx. — ' 131 it
MV& MtTm.lOO — *
• Mornlr.5 Session.
Board —
.»^ 40 Hawa 'ian Com! & Sugar 81 (A
p'000 Los Angeles Ry 3 per cent... 115 00
$1.0oO S P Branch Ry t» per cent 133 25
«,00<> Spring Valley 4 3 (M mtge)... 99 5O
$3.00O Spring Valley gen mtse 4a 08 25
$60,000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5« 97 J»
Bosrd— ¦
5 Alaska Packers' Association. ..127 59
50 Alaska Packers' Association. ..12S CO
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90. ...128 0t>
5 California Wine Association... 89 00
1O Spring Valley Water Co 37 Co
$5.(X)O Market-st Ry 1st eon Za 113 OO
$1,000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5s. 87 »." ;
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
> Bay CPC «s. — 8»^ |SF A NP 5s. — lOO-Tt'
I B L Wat 6s. — 117 IS P C R 4s. — 10O
Cal NW 5s.. — 112!a S P Co 4133.100 . —
M C Wat 5a.lOO — I Sun Tel 5s... — 104
Rls I Wks 5s — 105 tSutter-st RSs.lOS 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113%|UR o« SF 4s. S3 83«$
MISCELLANEOUS 3TOCK3.
Ala S Co... 25 SO I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk. — 205
Cal Cot Mils 80 — I N S R R 5s. 9$* —
Cal GAECor.47 50 N Cal P Co. — 10*4
C Jockey Cl. — 123 Oak Bk Sav.l2O —
Cal Powder.. — 145 Oale T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOFTIall A 6 —-;l
Cal T 1 & T.115 — Orpheum Co.. — 18 •
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 PacC Cas Co. 130 — .
Chutes Co .. — 7 I Pac S Tel... 101 103 j
City & C Bk — 120 iPae Sur Co. 105 —
Cvt> L Ir»»« .7 — I Paraf Paint.. SH — {
East Dynm.- — 270 | S F Drydock 6O —
DpntPwd pfd — !>O ISF&SJ Coal. — 25 .'
Do com .. — 5O |S J Wat Co. — 108 t
FN Bk. Oalc.l20 — ISO A MTsrbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — 70c |Swtss-A Bk..U5 — '
Frnch-A Bk. — 11O (Truck Elect.. 11 '
Gas Con A.. — 22 IUR InC pfd. 4S% — }
Hono P Co.. 10 — I Do cod* ... 9U <^a ?
Lon& SF Bte. ~f 60 I J
Morning Session. 1
Board — v""»
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 SO ;
Street — )
50 United R R Inv Co pfd 43 75 !
Afternoon Session. I
Board — - '-"S- 1
11.000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 23
California Stock andOilExdiangA
Oit stocks — Bid. AskeA,
Apollo 46
Associated Trust Cert 19 ....
Aztec 63
California Standard H ....
Caribou 1 3 N> , ¦ .-¦ 4 03
Claremont ' 70> v T
Four 70
Fulton 2 0«>
Hanford 165 0<> 175 00
Home' 110 1 UTtS
Imperial IS «*>
Independence" ........... ... •••• 27
Kern 4 80 5 HO
Kern River 11 00 12 0«>
Monarch of Arizona 23 29,
Occidental of W Va 06 ....
Oil City Petroleum 58 39
Peerless 13 M
Reed Crude ..-*. 1 62% ....
Sovereign •• • •-•« 43
Sterling 2 70
Superior ......... 10 .... 1
8 2» '
Twenty-eight 10 00
Kern (new) 29 73
Associated bonds 7S 00
Miscellaneous — !
Fisher's Theater 73 90 ]
Northern Cal. Power » 00 10 OO
SALES.
Morning Session. >
Board — I
193- Associated 9* '
250 Fischer's • tt •
Afternoon Session.
100 Wolverine 40
SOO Piedmont 04
200 Occidental OS
Mining Stocks. l
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGR
Following were the sales on the San Fri*
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
100O Alpha. 08 300 Gould A Cur. It
ICO Belcher 16 . 100 Mexican T»
I 2O» Caledonia .... 41 10O Occidental .... W
200 Caledonia .... 40 100 Ophlr .2 30
200 Cftollar 14 200 Savage 21
10O Con Cal A V.I 03 ICO S«g Belcher... C5
3C0 Exchequer ... 42 200 Union Con.... S3
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 211 100 Mexican M
' 100 Con Cal A V.I 13| 200 Ophlr * 5*
100 Mexican 89! 100 Overman 13
PACIFIC STOCK BXCHANGB.
•Following were the sales on th« Pmelfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10O Alpha 09] 300 Mexican «T
200 Andes 20. ICO Ophir 2 40
100 Andes 19t 1W Ophir ~2 45
300 Belcher lfil 3OO Ophlr 2 80
300 Bullion 19 30O Overman 11
ICO Con* Cal A V.I 13 300 Potos 1«
200 Gould A Cur. 11 500 Potosi 1J
100 Gould A Cur. 13 ICO Sierra Nev.... »
200 Mexican « loo Union Con. ... 25
5fK> Mexican ..... S5I =«> Tellow Jacket. 20
500 Mexican *M I
Afternoon Session.
IPO Cnn Cal A V.I 15 10O Ophir 3 80
5$ExcheqW... 45 100 Union Con. ... 2tt
ICO Mexican &^
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« San Fraa-
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 00, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 60f?4 SO;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 i5@i 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
.follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. S3 50: extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4gSJ 25: Buck
wheat Flour, £4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat. $4:
Farina. $150; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oata, bbls, $7 25g8 60; in sacks. J6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peaa. boxes, $7;
Green Peaa, $5 50 per 100 lbs. j -*" -
Flour and Millstuffs.
Wall-street Stocks a point or two lenvcr.
'Alaska Packers' Stock recovers to $128.
Sterling and Nezv York Exchange both higher.
Local Wheat Futures higher, with large buying.
Cash Barley rather easier and quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bran firm. Hay market still zveak and badly congested.
No further change in Beans. Mustard Seed higher.
Less depression in Potatoes, frit Onions still weak.
Tomatoes and other Vegetables in large supply and zveak.
Poultry market steady and cleaning up well.
Fresh Fruits still in large supply and generally zveak.
No further cliange in Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ¦' ¦ j
Provisions still dragging everywhere.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
December ...$1 04% $1 04% $1 04% $1 04^
2 p. m. Session.
Open. • High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 04% $1 04% $1 04% $1 04Vi
OATS — There waa no further change yes
terday, the market being quiet.'
Bed. (1 20@l 32% ; for feed and $1 3O@l 37%
for seed; Black.' $1 25 for feed and $1 30JP
1 35 for seed. -
CORN — Conditions remain as before stated.
The market Is quiet. *
•Western sacked. *1 45@1 47% fpr Yellow.
$1 45©1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
California Large Yellow, |1 45@1 50; small
round do. 51 5001 CO; White. $1 45@1 50 per
ctl: Egyptian, $1 30<&l 35 for White and $1 23
$1 30 for Brown. ,
RYE — Quiet and steady at $1 25@1 SO for
new.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 75@2 per ctL
worths, $4®5 for Alvfso Berries and $2 5004
for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — 1!S5 per chest, t-. >•
BLACKBERRIES— $1 75@3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $5<g8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates, 4<*g7jc;
in bulk. $30©32 60 per ton to canners and l?i©
2%c per lb to the trade.
APPLES— $1@1 25 per box for fancy. 65@S5c
for choice and ;OQ50c for common; Crab
Apples. 50® 60c for small boxes and $161 25
for large open boxes.
PEARS — Bartlett, 73<$90c fcr wrapped: in
open boxes. $30 per ton far No. 1 and 35@50c
per box for No. 2.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 35@50c: open boxes
and carriers. 5O?75c; lug boxes, (1; baskets,
35«50c.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— Plums. 40©60c per
crate and 3Og40c per small box; In bulk. $20
per ton for canning varieties. Prunes. 60@75c
per crate and :i5QV>0c per small box.
FIGS — CO@75c for drawers and single- layer
boxes. tlfil" 50 for double- layer and $1 5ti©2
for large boxes from the river.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, crates from the
river. $1 50*?2; from other sections. 75c©$l 60;
Nutmeg Melons from the river, JT5cg$l per box;
Watermelons, $1@3 per dozen. V
GRAPES — Sexless. 75ci|.$l per box or crate;
FontalneBleau. 50@75c per crate; other varie
ties. 75c©$l per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 5O®2 5O per
box for Valenclas and 91 23421 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, $2 2562 75 for fancy,
$1 50@l 75 for choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit. $1(51 50; Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@$l 50 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples*. $1 50Q2 50 per dozen.
a fresh burst of bullish news at Liverpool and
the unsettled condition of the European polit
ical situation, the wheat market . here opened
strong. Initial quotations on September using
at %@9&c to ftS^c higher at SS%(@89^4c
From the start there was an active demand.
A sharp decline in consols, owing to the grave
aspect of affairs between England and Russia,
caused • very strong wheat markets, and in
consequence foreigners were good buyers here.
There also was a better export demand for
wheat and • flour. Further reports were re
ceived of additional less In wheat in the
Southwest, and advices from .the Northwest
were far from encouraging. Complaints of rust
were general. On . the whole the bulls had
everything their own way. and there was no
Eel ling of * lmoortance except by longs, who
took profits. Prices at one time reached yes
terday's closing figures on Buch realizing sales.
September sold oft to 8S%®S8%c. Thereafter,
however, the market advanced rapidly, with
only slight recessions.- Report* of threshing
returns from Missouri and Michigan were dis
appointing and cash markets everywhere
were exceptionally strong. , To cap the climax,
word was received from Kansas City that an
elevator man there had sold Kansas wheat to
go to California. The high point on Septem
ber-was reached at 9OV4c A slight reaction
occurred just' before the close, final figures on
September being at SOftigSSfte. V
As a result of the decided strength of wheat.
a firm feeling prevailed In the corn pit. Sep
tember opened HOVic higher at 40%@49%c.
sold between 49%©49%c and closed at 49%c.
There was a fair buying of oata by com
mission houses on the strength of wheat, but
offerings from pit traders were . o£ sufficient
quantity to hold the market firm. September
closed at 33 %c. - -
Pending a settlement of the strike at the
dockyards, the crovision market was practi
cally lifeless. A small . demand from pit
traders, with only slight offerings, caused a
firm undertone:. September pork -and ribs each
were up 2%c and lard was unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. ; Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, old 83 88% 97% <DS%
July, new 86% 98 85% 97%
September, oli. 90% 91% . ¦ 90>4 t>l%
. September, new. SOVi 90& 83ft 80%
Corn, No. 2 —
July... 49?i 4974, 49% 4?\
September 49% 50 49$, 49%
December 46% 4g% 45% 46Vi
Oats. No. 3 —
July 40 40% 39?; 80%
September 33*4 33% 33%, 33^
December 33% 33% 33% 33%
May 35U 35% 35ft 351a
Mess pork, per bbl —
July 12 82*4
I September 12 85 12 87% 12 77% 12 S5"
October .12 85 12 85 12 77 & 12 85
I Lard, per 100 lbs —
I July 6 80 6 80 6 80 6 SO
September 6 02% 6 92% 6 87% 6 00
[October 6 97% 0 97% 6 95 6 97%
! Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
ijuly 7 35 7 35 7 30 7 12%
September 7 50 7 52% 7 45 7 52%
October 7 57% 7 57% 7 62% 7 57%
Continued on Page TwcIt*
There was less excitement and more strength
In Alaska Packers yesterday, the stock recov
ering to fi2S Is the afternoon. There was an.
'Alaska Packers Recovers to $128.
With Small Sales. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALIV THURSDAY, JULY 28, .1904.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 27.— Under the stimulus of
Future Grain and Provisions.
] Chicago Board of Trade, j
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13The company and the Police Depart
ment resisted the application for an
injunction on the ground that the ar
lests were made under the provisions
of a State statute declaring it a misde
jneanor for any one to cut an electric
wire. The house mc-vers made a show
ing that the operation of the law in
its sr riot letter would suspend the busi
ness -if house moving, in which seven
teen .firms are engaged.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted the
temporary injunction prayed for by D.
J. Sullivan and other house movers to
prevent the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company from causing the ar
rest of the employes of the house mov
ers for cuttle electric wires. The in
junction is also directed to the Police
Department.
In the argument of the case charges
were made by the attorneys for Sulli
van that the Chief of Polite and his
force of officers were subservient to
The demands and wishes of the lighting
corporation. In granting the injunc
tion, pending litigation. Judge Troutt
requires that the house movers shall
give au indemnifying bond to the com
pany sufficient to cover the payment
of damages and a reasonable valua
tion of Jsbor and materials incidental
to the cutting of wires in the course of
moving houses. It is also ordered that
The wires shall only be cut under the
direction or supervisiirn of the lighting
company.
On next Monday a motion will be
made and argued in the United States
Circuit Court for a foreclosure of
mortgage on the Union Iron Works, all
the property of the shipbuilding com
pany in the East having been taken by
foreclosure pursuant to the order of
the United States Court in New Jersey.
J. C. Campbell and E. S. Plllsbury,
representing both parties in the litiga
tion in which the United States Ship
building Company is concerned, ap
peared yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court and moved 'that the
following cases be consolidated: The.
Mercantile Trust Company vs. United
States Shipbuilding Company and
James Smith Jr. as receiver, the Union
Iron Works and New York Security
and Trust Company, the New York Se
curity and Trust Company vs. United
States Shipbuilding Company and
James Smith Jr. as receiver of the
United States Shipbuilding Company.
Judge Morrow granted \he motion to
consolidate, and it was agreed that all
the pleadings should be used as appli
cable to the consolidated case. On mo
tion of Attorney Campbell the Union
Iron Works was made a party defend
ant in the case in which the New York
Security and Trust Company is com
plainant.
Then, in order to conform to the gen
eral plan of reorganization pursued in
the East, second amended and supple
mentary comDlaints were filed in the
suits. '
Judge Troutt Gives Eight
to Cut Electric Wires
of the Lighting Company
Second Amended Complaints
Filed in Circuit Court on
3Iotion of Both Sides
Manuel Roth After a Quarrel With Mrs.
Angelina .Parslow Shoots Her and Dies
. of Self-inflicted Wound at Her Side
SHIPBUILDING
CASES JOINED
HOUSE MOVERS
GET INJUNCTION
ENRAGED LOVER KILLS
A WOMAN, THEN HIMSELF
' Two strong points: Good printing, bettor
service. Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second it. •
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pah-
American Quartet. •
The Native Sons' committee ar
ranging for. the celebration ot Admis
sion day at the St. Louis fair Sep
tember 9 met yesterday and decided
to send a circular to all the parlors of
the order in the State announcing that
the route for the excursionists will be
to Ogden via the Southern Pacitlc,
from Ogden to Denver via the Den
ver and Rio Grande and from Denver
to the exposition ' city "by the Bur
lington.
Jiative # Sons' Route.
The Chamber of Commerce has re
ceived a communication from F. D.
Cheshire, who was appointed Consul
at Mukden at the outbreak of the war
between Russia and Japan. On ac
count of the objections of Russia Con
sul Cheshire* was detailed with the
United- States legation at Peking
He states that he will shortly go to
Nanking on the Yangtse River, where
he will remain until he can go to the
station to which he has" been assigned.
Tells of His Movements.
Among the passengers who will
sail to T day on the Sonoma is Miss Lil
lian Quinn, one of the fairest maids
of the younger sat of , clever girls.
Miss Quinn is en route for Launceton,
Tasmania, where she will become the
bride of. Dr. Thomas Stark.^ The
bride, , with her father, has just re
turned from the East, where a dainty
trousseau was obtained.
The groom is a graduate of the Uni
versity of California Dental College
and has since. won a splendid standing
in. his profession.- The wedding will
occur soon after the ship's landing- at
the, distant port.
Will' B c a Bride in South Seas.
If you are Koinsr to attend the G. A. R. en
campment at Boston or World's Fair, why not
have your tickets read one way via the North
ern Pacific Ry. and stop en route and visit the
Yellowstone Park? For particulars see T K
Stateler, General Agent, N. P. By., 647 Mar
ket St.. S. F. •
Cheap Rates to Boston and St. Louis.
fd FOR , FURTHER DETAILS CALL ON
THE SANTA,: FE/ AT 641 MARKET
STREET. ' : • ¦¦-¦«•..
• 6.. Staging in. the ¦ Yosemite National
Park around the -"Double Loop." past
Point O My, Gentry's. Tamarack Flat and
Crane Flat, giving: a complete 'and won
derful ' change ; of scenery <- on the return
from :the Valley , to Hazel Green.
r,?:-7.' The privilege 6f a 1 longer. stay at the
camps. or. hotel in the" Valleyr if desired,
upon payment of .their, usual ? rates for
the extra time." - ;
4. .Staging through the Merced Canyon
past McLean's Cliff- and the beautiful
Cascade Falls. • This is one of 'the grand
est rides in California.
5. .Three days' board. and tent at Camo
Curry or Camp Yosemite in the Valley
These camps are well known for their
'excellent service. ; . . . •
. 3. A ride through two groves of giant
sequoia; - These are- the famous Califor
nia big trees. • ' •¦•-•¦ ¦ •
i The Santa 'Fe is.: selling .tickets to
Yosemite Valley and return at $43 00 for
seven days, including, all expenses. These
tickets cover .the. following items:
1. One n>st-class, rail and stare far*
to and from ' Yosemite Valley. •
2. Hotel .bills, and- meals going anH
coming... . . ¦ . • . . s " u
$43.00 for Seven Days Is the New
Santa Fe Rate.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
City Engineer Woodward filed a re
port in reference to the grading and
paving of Fulton and H streets that
it would be advisable to notify the
Park Commissioners that the cutting
and filling will disturb the present
surface lines of the park and the
boundary of the park should , be
mai-ked by a concrete coping and the
electric poles should be placed just
inside the park. • -
The Board of Works yesterday tem
porarily appointed some 200 street
sweepers, who have been ¦ employed
by the contractors who formerly did
the work. Their wages were fixed at
$2 50 per day instead of $2 25, as for
merly, and that of foremen at $3. The
Civil Service Commission has regis
tered 1742 sweepers, but these Vill
not be drawn upon until the physical
examination has been completed.
Grades were ordered changed on
Sixteenth street at Market and Cas
tro. : .
The board awarded the contracts
for Iron work at the County Jail to
the Western Iron Works for $764, and
for castings' for Market street illum
ination to the Joshua Hendy Works
for $15 65 each. No bids were received
for poles for the illumination scheme
and new proposals will be again ad
vertised for.
Takes Over List of Those Employed
by Contractors Who Formerly
Did the Work.
WORKS BOARD APPOINTS
MANY STREET SWEEPERS
The act passed by. the . Legislature
of 1901 regulating the compensation
of Justices of the Peace throughout
the State was declared invalid by the
Supreme Court yesterday. The law
was hot uniform in its operation in
that it allowed one official more than
another for an equal amount of work.
The measure is therefore held to be in
conflict with the constitutional pro
vision which says that the Legislature
shall fix the compensation of all of
ficers in proportion to their duties
Under the act of 1301 the Justices
of the Peace in a town with a popula
tion of less than 6000 could not get
the same amount in fees for an equal
amount. of work as the Justice of a
larger town. The suit was instituted
by Justice of the Peace Tucker of
Fresno County. He handled forty
criminal cases in' one month and put
In a bill for $120. the statutory fee be
ing $3 in each proceeding.
.The act of 1901 provided that the
maximum amount of fees allowable
to Justices of the Peace in a jurisdic
tion the size of that of the plaintiff
should be $30. In a larger town the
same amount of work would have 'en
titled a Justice of, the Peace to col
lect $120.
The opinion is written by Justice
Henshaw. Justice Shaw dissents.
Supreme Court Invalidates Act Re
lating Compensation of Justices
of the Peace.
LAW CONFLICTS WITH
STATE CONSTITUTION'
The bodies were taken to the Morgue
and placed on adjoining slabs awaiting
the knife of the autopsy, surgeon and
orders for their, removal to their last
resting place.
park to Union street and just as they
turned from Union to Stockton the wo
man made a parting remark and start
ed to walk away from her companion.
No one but Roth heard the words, but
they were the last the unfortunate wo
man ever uttered. The double crime
followed.
The relatives of the dead woman
claim never to have known that such
a man as. Roth existed. Her sister,
Miss Richards, said: "I never heard of
Roth, as any sister was very, secretive.
We, my mother and I,- knew that' she
was wayward, buV could .do nothing
with her. Until recently; she had been
employed in the country as a domestic,
but after her. return to this. city a few
weeks ago she had done [nothing."; '.,',
The eyewitnesses to the tragedy were
Mrs. Elizabeth Schneider, Virgil Copo
rano and Frank Masenghetti. :Mrs.
Schneider first , noticed the couple' in
Washington Square Park. They., .were
quarreling. They walked from the
A peculiar feature of the case is the
fact that Miss Richards, a sister of
Mrs. Parslow, passed the corner a few
minutes after the shooting/ She.no
ticed the crowd' gathered around the
dead, but did not. stop to . ask ...any
questions,' She presumed some one
had been- Injured, but considered it no
affair' of .hers, did Her shopping and
returned, to her liome. ¦„ •/,
Roth 1 was a native of Switzerland, 54
years of age. He possessed a knowl
edge of the French language. He must
have come to this country in his youth,
for papers found in his trunk show that
he was discharged from the - hospital
corps of the United States army- in
1875. , In the room he occupied' were
found- a number of lewd photographs,"
and a stack of unused Chinese lottery
tickets, Roth, besides teaching Eng
lish to new arrivals from 'France.' added
to his income by escorting ''blind" beg
gars to and from the. corners where
they stand and "sell" pencils And-shoe
strings.- 'Neighbors say thatfjtvwas np
uncommon thing.;to see :Mrs..-Parslow
and' Roth enter Roth's home under the,
influence of. liquor and they were con
tinually quarreling.' .
Mrs.' Parslow was a widow, her hus
band, who had been employed as "- a
laborer by the Market Street Railway,
dying about two years ago. -She' was
a Mexican of good appearance.
WOMAN WAS WAYWARD.
SISTER PASSES BY.
The cause of the quarrel which
ended in the death of two people is
unknown. Ever since the • death ' of
Mrs. Parslow's husband two years ago
she has been keeping company with
Roth and frequently visited his room.
She was there until about midnight
Tuesday. Persons occupying adjoin
ing rooms say the two were under. the
influence of' liquor and were quarrel
ing'until the woman went to her
home. At 9:30 this, morning the two
met in Washington square, near the
woman's house, and renewed their
quarrel. They left the park and at
the doorway of Washington Square
Hall the man suddenly placed a revol
ver, which he had been carrying con
cealed in a. handkerchief, under the
right ear of the woman and fired. She
fell to the sidewalk and he then placed
the muzzle of the revolver to his fore
head and pulled the trigger. His hand
was trembling and he was highly ner
vous. The cartridge failed to explode
and, casting a last glance the
the woman, who lay writhing
at his feet in her death ag
ony, Roth again pulled the trig
ger and sent a bullet crashing through
his brain. Death in his case was in
stantaneous, but the woman lay gasp
ing for .several minutes. Dr. Bonino,
whose office is directly opposite the
place where the tragedy occurred,
hastened to the assistance of ,the
woman, but after examining the
wound he said she would live but a
few minutes.
Maddened with rage. Manuel Roth,
who styled himself a professbr of lan
guages, shot and almost instantly
killed Mrs. Angelina Parslow at Stock
ton and Union streets at 10 o'clock
yesterday morning. He then ended
his own life. Jealousy seems to be
the only possible motive for this
crime. Roth lived in a miserable
shack at 12 St. Charles place, a blind
alley running off Kearny street be
tween Pacific and Dupont. His victim
lived with her mother, Mrs. Richards,
at 614 Filbert street, a few blocks
distant.
The case of White was the first
called. The charges against him are j
reported to be that or cortduct unbe- }
coming an officer and a gentleman, and j
conduct prejudicial to good order and i
military discipline. He pleaded guilty.
and after a few moments' discussion
by members at the court, his case was
taken under advisement by the court,
and in charge of the bflicer of the day j
and a guard, he was escorted back to i
his temporary quarters at the Presidio.
Conway's case came next and was
conducted in open court. He pleaded
guilty to the charge of being absent
from the Dost of the Presidio without
leave. His counsel. Captain Harold B.
Fisk. made an eloquent plea on his
client's behalf for the clemency of the
court. This closed. Conway's case,
which was taken under advisement by
the court. An adjournment was then
taken until 2 o'clock when Smith's case
was called.
The accused officer declined the as
sistance of an attorney and handled
his own defense. The charges pre
ferred against him are practically sim
ilar to those charged against White.
So soon as he entered the courtroom
he challenged nearly every individual
member of the board. His challenges,
however, were not allowed and the
trial was resumed, with the full court
as originally named by the command
ing officer. \ ::--
The session was conducted with
closed doors. The following witnesses
were examined: Colonel Alfred C.
Markley, Captain Ulysses G. McAlex
ander, Captain Frederick W. Fuger,
Lieutenant Frank PL Curtis, air of the
Thirteenth Infantry, stationed at An- I
gel Island, who had more or less tes
timony to offer as to the extraordinary
doings of Lieutenant Smith in his Con
nection with the different orgies at that
place.. Miss Ruth Mahone, a domestic]
employed at Fort McDowell, also- was |
called to testify about seeing the |
"ladies of the orgy party" land at the j
Government dock.
At 5:30 the court adjourned until 10
o'clock this morning, when Lieutenant
Henry A. Hanigan, the officer who
burst open the door at , the height of
the orgy, will go on the stand to de
scribe the scene he witnessed there.
Lieutenant E. H. Tarbutton and sev
eral enlisted men will also testify.
White 'and Conway both pleaded
guilty to the charges. Smith started
a stubborn fight to refute the accu
sations brought against him.
The court convened at 10 o'clock
with the following personnel: Colonel
Charles Morris, Artillery Corps, presi
dent; Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Tomey, Medical Corps; Lieutenant
Robert H. Patterson, Coast Artillery;
Major Benjamin H. Randolph, Coast
Artillery; Major John P. Wisser, Coast
Artillery; Captain W. S. Alexander,
Coast Artillery; Captain. Samuel L.
Faison, Thirteenth Infantry; Captain
James M. Kennedy, Medical Depart
ment; Captain Charles H. Hunter,
Coast Artillery; Captain Frank E.
Bamford, Twenty-eighth Infantry;
Captain Francis P. Seviter, Twenty
eighth Infantry, and Captain John P.
Bradley, Fourteenth Infantry, judge
advocate. *
Three army officers were before a
court-martial at the Presidio yester
day, all to answer serious charges pre
ferred against them. Two of them.
Lieutenants William "W. White and
Charles F. Smith, were the principals
in the scandalous orgies which have
recently taken place at Angel Island,
while the third was Lieutenant Wylie
T. Conway, who is accused of absent
ing himself frum the post without per
mission. ...
PRINCIPALS IN THE TRAGELDY YESTERDAY AT UNION AND STOCKTON
STREETS. WHERE A JEALOUS TEACHER OF LANGUAGES "KILLED HIS
SWEETHEART AND THEN PUT A BULLET IN HIS OWN BRAIN
Three Army Officers Appear
Before Tribunal to An
swer to Serious Charges
COURT-MARTIAL
IN FULL BLAST
James Condrin, convicted of burg
lary by a jury in Judge Dunne's court,
appeared for sentence yesterday. The
Judge sentenced him to serve three
years In San Quentin. On April 6 he
entered the residence of Jacob "Bock
at 219 Haight street by using: a lad
der and stole a large quantity x\l
clothing.
Sentenced for Burjrlary.
When questioned Raymond gave
additional light to the story told by
Mulick regarding the boy's removal
from the" home of S. S. Storey on the
Sunday evening after he was spirited
away from home. He said that after
Mulick took him from the house- they
were met on the sidewalk by a man
named Smith, to whom Mulick spoke.
Smith took the boy to his home and
kept him there until yesterday. The
man, his wife and two children com
posed the family. The boy could not
or would not tell where they lived.
•In the stories of the cruelties of the
Mulicks to their charges corroboration
was afforded by the statement of Mrs.
Lewis, who said that she was fre
quently beaten and even now carries
the scars of a rope lashing applied. to
her bare back. Roy Lewis, the younger
son, says that when he and his broth
ed did something demanding punish
ment the whilom grandparents would
fill their mouths with red pepper.
"I know about that some day," re
torted the boy; "it will never come."
Duffy held up the pleasures of life
with a younger brother as a playmate
and said that the father would teach
Raymond to swim. "Why, your lit
tle brother knows how to swim," said
the bailiff. "No, hedon't, and I know
he don't know how "to swim," was the
lad's rejoinder. The case commenced
to look hopeless for parents and
peacemakers when the lad, under pro
test, agreed to accompany his father
and mother across the bay.
HOW HE WAS HIDDEN.
He walked straight to the Judge's
side and Davis said, 'Mrs. Lewis,
•come take your boy." The mother
rushed eagerly forward, but the lad
shrank from her and wailed, "No, no,
I don't want her; I want to go to my
grandma." Mulick sat immobile.
Mrs. Lewis burst into tears and the at
torney called upon the father to come
and take the boy. The youngster also
refused to have anything to do with
his paternal parent and was deaf to
his entreaties.
Judge Kerrigan withdrew into his
chambers and Court Clerk John B.
Reilly and Bailiff Neil Duffy, together
with the attorneys, newspaper mer.
and spectators attempted to show the
boy that the order of the court was
for his own good. He was obdurate
and resentful. To his father he said,
"I don't want to go with you; 1 know
how it will be; in a week I'll get a.
licking." The father promised that
the boy would never be whipped by
him. Then the youngster said that
he wanted to see his grandmother.
Lewis said, "I'll take you to see her
some dav."
REJECTED MOTHER.
Raymond Henry Lewis, 12. years of
age, wept bitterly and cried insistent
ly that he wanted to "stay with grand
ma," who is Mrs. Lizzie Mullck, and
who, it was proved, is no relation to
the boy, although for thirty years she
has passed as the mother of Mrs.
Lewis, an actress, the boy's mother.
Two weeks ago when Mrs. Lewis
wanted to take her son to' Alameda
for a two weeks' outing the youngster
suddenly disappeared. It was brought
to light that Mrs. Mulick had taken
Mrs. Lewis from an orphan asylum in
1872. This disclosure and the pur
pose of the Mulicks to ¦ keep the boy,
who had lived with them since baby
hood, determined the parents to apply
to the courts for his possession,, and
habeas 'corpus proceedings were com
menced by Attorney Henry H. Davis.
Mrs. Mullck and her, husband, Wil
liam, both declared under oath that
they had nothing to do with spiriting
the child away and did not know
where he was. Judge Kerrigan did
not believe them and ordered Mulick
to produce the boy in. court at 11:30
yesterday morning . under penalty of
punishment to be made for kidnap
ing.
Mulick was a little late, but he
brought the boy. The little fellow,
neatly dressed and strongly resem
bling his mother, sat beside the man he
had called "grandfather" until the
moment when Judge Kerrigan grant
ed the motion of Attorney Davis to
give the boy into the custody of his
parents. The lad was then called for
ward.
For a few minutes before the noon
hour yesterday Judge Kerrigan's
courtroom resounded with boyish
wails and the desk over which judi
cial mandates are passed daily was
splaeh'ed with the tears of a lad who
resented the court's order giving him
into the custody of his father and
mother.
Raymond Lewis Objects to
Court's Order Taking Him
From Alleged Grandmother
BOY SHRINKS
FROM MOTHER
THE" SAN, FRANCISCO CALL'. THURSDAY, : JULY. . 28, 1 904.
14
! i Excellent I
|| Features
I- "The J?wgust Calendar Girl."
'. A full page art photo by Lawrence F. Terkelson.
) " * Posed by-Miss Gladys Graham.
( "The Family Promenade."
'< * Another full page drawing, by one of THE
CALL'S cJcver artists, John F. Woolrich.
. "In the Bishop's Carriage."
• Concluding: chapters of Miriam Michelson's
) clever stor.y. m
Mr. Dooley
I(Finlcy Peter Dunne) on Mr.
"CARKEGIE'S KERO FUND."
"What the Writers Jhre Doing. "
, By THE CALL'S critic. A review of the
latest books.
"Riddle of the Servant Girl."
By Jerome? K. Jerome.
n "The Luck of the Babe. "
j] A clever racing skit, by W. A. Fraser.
R "The Kid Engineer."
B Another one of those thrilling railroad stories by
8 ( . Frank H..S>peacman.
§ "The Greatest Atlantic Liner."
1 "To Manage a Man."
[i By Colonel K«te.
§ "Gardening for Beauty's Sake."
| "The New Fads in Gowns."
g By Augusta Presoott.
• "Me-owsofaKitty."
j ) By Kate Thyson Marr.
| ' "Fables for the Foolish"
j "Eggs and High Finance." By Nicholas Nemo.
I "What Women Want to Know."
\ By Madge Moore.
| ; "The Grip of Enmronmeat."
I By Henry Winthrop.
i "Princess Fleur de Lis." .
I . V "Spring's Fairy Wand."
I i "Government Care of Consumptives. "
I A Full Page of Name Puzzles
I Be sure to solve these puzzles
a -and you will be awarded a prize.
M In addition to this inviting list of features you will
B i get that pretty Art Supplement, : v ;
C "MAMMA AND HER LITTLE PETS,"
Q Absolutely free of any charge. u--/ .
B ; In the News Section you will find all the CITY,
| \ COAST, EASTERN % and FOREIGN NEWS, as well
g ' as able Editorials on timely topics.
Oj Remember this all goes with Next Sunday's CALL.
[| What more can you' possibly expect from a newspaper?
I THE CALL Is Sold I
I I Everywhere. sc\^
I) S Place your order for NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
i early; you may be too late.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
39 STOCTXTOXr STMET.* t *
Telephone Main 5523. m
Parties returnins from the country will
do well to stock up with us. Call or
phone. •*
Thursday, Friday a* d Caturdaj Specials
CREAMERY BUTTER . per square 32 He
Our usual hish Brad*. « •
FANCY RANCH EGGS . .'. per doz 27 He
The very best.
LOWNEfS GROUND CHOCOLA TE.tin 2$C
Resr. ".Oc. A most delicious b«vtrage.
SHREDDED COCOANUT... per fb-t?tic
Res.- *^Oc. Nlco fresh stock. •
SLICED PINEAPPLE per* can /5c
Reg. 20c. Put up In rich syrup. p
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP.. ..per bar 25c
Res. 3(K\ The well-lCQOwn Virgin b'rand.
STUFFED OLIVES.... per boHOc
Rsg. loc. Filled with Pimientos.
AFE1IT SILT 2 cans f»25c
Krg. loc can. A Norwegian delicacy.
BASKET- FIR ED JAPAN TEA..per Ib35c
Iter- BOc. New crop. . • •
¦CARPET SWEEPERS ..each V.90
ReK. ?- BOl RfWH's cjrclo-bearln*. a
TURKEY DUSTERS—
Xo. 10 Nn._12 No. 1 1
Regular -J£ ,*><= . ** >c
FAM. L Y BOURBON bot'6Oc: gsl 32 50
Rpr. 7.V. $:;. A fine quality, although
WUSONJRrE- -.:• : . . p*r bet 85c
Reg. »1. Distillery bottlln«.
PALM GIN ... per pint hot 40c
R?g. 55c. Imported fronk Schiedam, Hol-
CLARET per gat. 40c
Reg. 50c. A light, refreshing win^.
l is. v/ 1 n
Coffee Pulverized — Bitter.
Coffee Granulated — Sweet.
But you must usej«i ; _
Golden Gate Coffee
— ~^^\ .Grind it
/.^Arontii»si , at home
te^c _ N o t
> j^SS too fine.
— '
LTjSr^S^ 2-lb aroma-
tight tins.
J. A. Folger S Co.
TwAeg g^JycJSS:^ ».»»«
If you want a good food for
your baby, — a food that is en-
dorsed by physicians, a food that
contains a large amount of digesti bio
constituents, a food that feeds, a food
that will nourish, sustain and pro-
mote the growth of your baby, — try
Mellin's Food. We will send a sam-
ple for you to try.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
C. Curtin Sale Brings
Biggest Bargains of the Year
— _j — No wonder this C. Curtin stock is
A \ Wf\ If* Q selling as fast as we can bring it out.
***~ a ****^ Women knew Curtin's; knew the
high-grade, desirable goods he carried;
knew the low prices he asked. When they heard that Hale's
had bought his entire stock at 52^2 c on the dollar and that they
Save an Average Half
On ,Drv Gods Most Wanted Now
Crowds have flocked to Hale's and have kept coming — kept us
on the qui vive— every minute of every day.
The wonder^ is if you haven't been— or if you have been and can't
think of something else you want or will wet and can save on by buy-
ing now.
Stir up your thoughts — such an opportunity isn't likely to occur again
in years.
Notion Advantages
To Make Sharp Shopping To-Day.
They show that this Hale store is as careful in .saving >ou
money on little things as it is on big things.
Si f ?n? h" ? u PP ort «". 10c pr.: of fancy Tubular Shoe I.ace», lOo doa.; 4-4. 5-4.
cardiSaf and °ori n ' Plnk ' and 6 " 4 lengths -
Berby HaiSa^l^packase; straight Pe 1 % rl t^ U^° nS ' * d °*' 1at 5o; Whlt *' llae
or waved. 16 to 4.
Brass Pins, 3c paper. "Whita Tap*, lo piece: 3 yards to the
Nictsi Safety Pins, 3o doz.; small, me- piece; different widths.
dium and large sizes. rinlshlnjr Braid. 5c piece; 6, yards to
Stockinet Drew Shields, 5c pr.; sizes the piece; fancy featheretitch de-
2 - 3 and •*• ___^^ signs.
T2J4c Cretonne at 5c
Yard Wide— 30 Pieces of It— Second Floor.
Just a little lot. Figured, light colored grounds, with dainty
stripe patterns. They're good colors.
If you are thinking of curtaining a clothes closet or making £. soiled
clothes bag, then think of Hale's to-day, but don't wait too long.
See the Glass Blowers 5
Free Exhibition—Third Floor To-Day.
It is wonderful to see the deft way they handle the delicate, beautiful
f hings they make from kIiss tubes, heated to 2.|oo degrees Fahrenheit.
(Hot enough to melt steel.) Ask them questions. They'll be glad to
answer.
A window of the ;f f&/ _J*«5r^ JUS/ 4jfO&> *'<&?? HALE'S Cen-
new fall styles iff/ /ff/ <§£*& <&& gf&*^ •y»^5E?.* ter for school
In women's JBr * s z*^£ : ~ "^^ ' stationery, pri-
T,*}^ g „*?£¦• ~tf-._*^*'~ rcr~T mary. grammar
J16.50 and $22.- "^"^* . and h , sh 8cbool
50 I , Market Street, Near Sixth books. - j