LONDON, July 22. — A dispatch to Reuter's Telegram Company from St. Petersburg says it is reported there that cruisers
said to have been bought by Russia in Germany have joined the Vladivostok squadron, which went to sea especially to meet them;
AFTER FIVE DAYS OF FIGHTING
KUROKI GAINS BIG ADVANTAGE
GERMAN CRUISERS BOUGHT BY RUSSIA
JOIN RAIDING VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON
War News Continued -on Pago 1, " M
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
NEW YORK, July 22. — Charles M.
Collins, on'ce : promihent on the Amer
ican stage, is dead at his home after
an illness of four months. Collins ap
peared during; his professional career
in tha support of many leading actors.
Prominent Actor Dead.
First Secretary of the Legation at Pe
king Commits Suicide on Way
From Madras.
BOMBAY, July 22. — P. C. Roudan
ovsky, first secretary of the Russian
legation at Peking, has committed sui
cide on a railway. train between Mad
ras and Calcutta,
RUSSIAN ENDS HIS
LIFE ON RAILWAY TRAIN
NEW YORK, July 22. — Edward
Conrad, aged 85 years, formerly of
San Francisco, was found wandering
aimlessly about to-day by Detective
James R. Harvey. When searched a
small cloth bag containing an old
fashioned pocket book with $200 in
gold and drafts on the City and Coun
ty ' Bank of San Francisco to the
amount of $4300 -was found. Conrad
was taken to the Police Court and
arraigned before Magistrate Flammer,
who committed him to the Bellevue
Hospital for treatment,
New York Police Pick Up Aged Man
and Find Pockets Full of
Money.
CARRIES HIS WEALTH
OX HIS WANDERINGS
PARIS, July 22.— Sharp letters have
been exchanged between Emile Du
pont, president of the French section
of ,the St. Louis Exposition, and M.
Trouillot, the Minister of 1 Commerce.
M. Dupont asserts /that the Minister's
assumption of power to revise the list
of French jurors at St Louis is unjus
tifiable" and he declares that the
French exhibitors will not recognize
the Minister's power. M. Trouillot an
swered by rebuking M. Dupont's lan
guage and sayins he Intends to exer
cise his power and will publish the
list of Jurors in to-morrow's Journal.
Commissioner and - Minister of Com-
I merce at Loggerheads About
Question of Authority.
FRENCHMEN QUARREL OVER
EXPOSITION SUBJECTS
"WASHINGTON, July 22. — Heirs of
Louis Etzel, killed- by Chinese soldiers
near Newchwang, are dissatisfied with
the amount of indemnity ($25,000 Mex
ican) paid by the Chinese Government
on account of the affair and have com
plained to the State Department. The
department has replied that, in view
of the facts, the unpremeditated char
acter of the killing and the general
practice of the American and other
Governments in fixing Indemnities on
account of death, tha indemnity in this
case Is regarded as sufficient. The
promptness of the Chinese Government
in settling the case without any pres
sure is officially commended.
Heirs of Louis Etzel Mast Accept Sum
Offered by China.
INDEMNITY IS SUFFICIENT.
; Meanwhile the Brazilian Ministry
here is urging the French police to'ar
rest Brezet before he makes serious
trouble.
Brezet ihas. a large following in
Kunani. He also seems to have money,
as- well 'as credentials showing he is
the "legitimate successor of former
Kunanl Presidents." Most of these
Presidents, however, have been Presi
dents In name only.
Brezet, who arrived In this city re
cently, is taken seriously by a number
of persons.- He says he has formed an
Anglo-American syndicate in New
York and London for . the purpose of
supporting his rights to the territory
in question. He will go to' London next
week in order to fit out an expedition to
take . effective possession of the 'land.
PARIS, July 22.— Adolphe Brezet, who
styles himself "President of the Re
public of Kunanl," sent out to-day a
protest against the recent award by
the King of Italy In the arbitration of
the frontier question between British
Guiana and the Amazon Province of
Brazil, which affects territory which
he alleges to be independent of both
countries. The protestation is ad
dressed to President Roosevelt, Edward
VII," President Loubet, the Kaiser, the
Kings of Italy and Spain and the Presi
dent of Brazil.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEFU, July 22.— Russian refugees
who arrived here this afternoon from
Port ' Arthur report that th» foreign
vessel, supposedly a merchant steam
ship, which was sunk by the Russians
off Port Arthur on July 16, was chal
lenged from the forts and then fired
upon. She did not stop, and therefor©
a torpedo-boat dashed out and sank
her.
The refugees are unable to give tha
name of the ship, but believe she was
the Hipsang. belonging to tha Indo-
Chlna Navigation Company.
Steamships arriving her© from
Shanghai report that they ar© being
searched by Japanese auxiliary cruis
ers.
Vessel Torpedoed by Russians Proba
bly the Overdue Freighter.
STEAMSHIP HIPSANG'S LOSS.
SAUSALJTO, July 22.— The military
authorities at Fort Baker and the civil
authorities at Sausallto have clashed.
The trouble started to-day, when two
soldiers were arrested here for disturb
ing the peace.
A squad of men from Angel Island
had been sent to Point Bonita by way
of Sausalito this morning for target
practice. Two of the boys In blue im
bibed too freely here and were arrested
for disturbing the peace. When the
military authorities at Fort Baker
heard of the arrest they immediately
dispatched Lieutenant Taylor here with
an order for the release of the men.
Justice of the Peace Pryor refused to
liberate the prisoners, and Lieutenant
Taylor returned to Fort Baker.
Later in the day Lieutenant Jameson,
adjutant of the artillery corps, present
ed Judge Pryor with an order from
Colonel Lomia for the release of the
men, but Judge Pryor remained ' firm
and refused to liberate the offenders.
Judge Pryor said In discussing the
matter: "These men committed a mis
demeanor and I mean to punish them."
The prisoners were brought before the
Judge to-night, pleaded guilty and were
fined $20 each, with an alternative of
spending twenty days in Jail. The men
were unable to pay the fine * and were
sent to Jail. y ;'•
Ep«c!ftl Dispatch to The Call.
Order for Their Re
lease From Jail
Is Ignored.
South American's
Claim Is Aired
in Europe.
POSES AS
PRESIDENT
OF KUNANI
SUEZ,. July 23. — The Hamburg-
American line steamship Scandia,
seized by the Russians in the Red
Sea, has just arrived here. She flies
the Russian naval flag, Is commanded
by a Russian naval officer and Is man
ned by a naval crew. She will enter
the canal. Her destination Is not
known.
LONDON, July 22. — The Brussels
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says that the Russian Government has
addressed several prominent mem
bers of The Hague arbitration tri
bunal, requesting their opinions on the
seizure of mails by Russian cruisers.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 22.—
Tewfik Pasha, Foreijni Minister, vis-
Ited the British Embassador, Sir
Nicholas O'Connor, and declared to
him that the Porte could not refuse to
allow Russian volunteer fleet steam
ships to pass through the Dardanelles
when unarmed and flying the commer
cial flag. With the action of the
steamships, once they had passed the
Dardanelles, the Minister said, the
Porte was not concerned. - —
yTOKIO, July 23, 11 a. m. — The
A^adivostok squadron was seen at
noon yesterday (Friday) eighty miles
off Hitachi province. The squadron
was going southward.
CHICACO, July 22.— Strapped to the
lid of a coffin and escorted with all the
ceremony of an ancient Egyptian fu
neral procession, Frank Ellis, living on
the South Side, was carried to a pre
nuptial reception given him by his fel
low-members of the Thirteenth Club of
Woodlawn. This is an organization of
bachelors who agreed not to marry, and
Ellis was the first to break the pledge.
On Monday evening he announced that
to-day he would marry Miss Ella L.
Holstrom.
Carey Reese, president of the club,
sent for Ellis, and when the young man
got off the train at Auburn Park he
was met by twelve men, all dressed in
white gowns and caps. Ellis was over
powered and strapped to a coffin lid.
He was placed in a wagon draped in
¦white and drawn by two white horses.
At, the head two men marched, beating
muffled drums; two" others led th'e
horses and two carried banners. The
others marched beside the wagon, each
carrying a green lamp.
Inscribed on one banner were the
words: "He'll be under the lid next
week," and on the other were painted
a ' skull and crossbones.
Through all the principal streets the
procession marched, thence to Reese's
home, where a banquet was served.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
War Bulletins.
CHICAGO OFFICIALS WHO FACE
SERIOUS SITUATION' DUE TO
THE BUTCHERS' STRIKE.
COMMANDER OF THE VLADI
VOSTOK SQUADRON AND HIS
JAPANESE ADVERSARY.
Bachelor Pays for
His Temerity in
I Marrying.
SOLDIERS
ARE CAUSE
OF A CLASH
GENERAL. KUROKTS HEAD
QUARTERS, via Fusan, July 22.— A3
a result of five days' activity, the Jap
anese have secured muck better stra
tegic lines for their advance and the
Russians have lost their best defensive
positions, both on the Llaoyang and
Mukden roads.
Four Russian guns shelled one of tha
Japanese positions for an hour this
morning without result. The Japanese
guns remained silent.
Major Hiraoku, who was wounded on
July 19, ha3 died. He was attached to
the British army in the Boer war.
CHEFU, July 22, 9 a. m. — Thirty Chi
nese refugees who have Just arrived
here from Port Arthur report that the
Japanese made another torpedo attack
on the Port Arthur fleet last Thurs
day night. The stories of the refugees
vary in detail. Some state that the
Japanese were repulsed v.-ith a loss of
three torpedo-boats, while others de
clare that the movement was merely
an attempt which failed, owing to the
vigilance of the Russian searchlights,
and that the Japanese escaped unhurt.
STRIPPED
TO THE LID
OF COFFIN
Strategic Points
Seized From
Russians.
The differences between Beck and the
head of, the banking institution date
back more than six months, during
which time it is said that much corre
spondence has been indulged in be
tween manager and president relative
to the amount of money that should
be paid to the former in consideration
of his resignation. Beck is reported to
have refused to compromise, and some
time ago he engaged Attorney William
II. Metson to represent him in the mat
ter. Later Judge Henshaw became in
terested in the case, as a sort of me
diator, and now that Wightman has
arrived here it is expected that the dif
ferences between Beck and the presi
dent of the company will be amicably
adjusted.
It was reported yesterday that the
Russo-Chinese Bank, through one of its
local representatives, had been nego
tiating with Beck for his services. This
fact is said to have brought forth a
suggestion from the International
Banking Corporation that Beck could
well afford to compromise with the lat
ter institution, as he would probably
sufier no financial loss. As the matter
now stands the retirement of Manager
Beck iests entirely on the question as
to whether the International Banking
Corporation will pay the full amount
due him for two years' service, under
an existing contract, or whether he will
finally agree to accept less.
Just what brought about a diagree
ment between Manager Beck and the
higher officials of the bank is not
known. The fact that a breach exists
between him and the president, how
ever, Is a. subject that has been quietly
discussed in banking circles -since
Wightman's arrival here two days ago.
Apparently the original information re
garding the trouble came direct from
New York, for several prominent bank
ing men of this^city appear to be.ver>
well informed on the matter/ although
they are not willing to discuss it for
publication.
Manager Beck is regarded as one of
the best bank exchange experts In this
city. It was this reputation, gained
during his many years' connection with
the Anglo-Californian Bank, that was
materially responsible for his appoint
ment-to his present position with the
International Banking Corporation.
Every possible effort is being made to
keep the' matter of. his retirement a
secret, and no one- connected with the
affair will consent to discuss it.
The amount is said to be $30,000 and
the officials of the company are be
lieved to be dickering with the local
manager with a view of having him
agree to a compromise on a much lower
figure. •
The arrival here from New York of
William B. Wlghtman, assistant to
the president of the International
Banking Corporation, has been quickly
followed by a report that Colonel Fran
cis C. Beck, local manager of the in
stitution, is soon, to retire.
Although Wightman, who is staying
at the St." Francis Hotel, 1 defines to re
ceive newspaper representatives or'an
swer any inquiries over the phone rela
tive to the report of Manager Beck's
retirement, it is generally understood
that the assistant to the president of
the big banking institution is here to
deal with the local manager regarding
his resignation.
According to information gleaned
from reliable sources Beck has declined
to resign unless the full amount of his
salary for two years, the period in
which he has contracted to serve the
company. Is paid to him.
Retirement of Official Depends on His
Disposition in Matter of a Two
Years' Contract.
Company.-- Sends Its Agent
to City to Adjust
Differences.
As soon as It grew dark small-sized
riots became numerous, and it kept the
police busy until far into the night
scattering the belligerents. In one of
these disturbances Josie Rominsky, who
had taken a striker's place In one of
STRIKERS ATTACK A GIRL.
The first rioting of the day came
vhen a man named Hank Miller was
»et upon by a crowd of strike sympa
thizers, who beat him so badly that at
the hospital to which he was taken it
was said that he had little chance of
recovery. Miller was set upon in front
of Armour & Co.'s plant, and after he
had been kicked almost to death he
was found by pedestrians, who sent
for a doctor. It was found that Miller's
ekull was fractured and his Jaw broken-
Further trouble came when Joseph
Tounichs. employed at Nelson. Morris
& Co.'s plant, was taken out of the
yard so that his knee, which had been
fractured by the falling of a skid, could
be cared for by a physician. The doctor
after attending the wounded man called
an ambulance to have the sufferer
taken back to the company's impro
vised hospital in the yards. A crowd.
assuming that Younichs was a non
union man. attacked the ambulance and
nearly upset the vehicle in an endeavor
to reach the supposed foe. With drawn
revolvers two policemen and the doctor
defended their charge, the doctor de
claring to the strike sympathizers that
the wounded man was a fellow union
ist This took time, and the defenders
had to withstand a siege till help came
from the stockyards police station, a
considerable distance.
Other men were severely beaten by
strikers.
SERIOUS RIOTING BEGINS.
"The packers signed an agreement
that there would be no discrimination
In the rehiring of the men. This was
accepted by the officers of the organiza
tion in good faith. On the return of
the men this morning they were lined
up like cattle. The foreman, walking
through the line, would pick out a man
and say, 'You come up.' The next man
would be pushed out of line and told
that he could not be used, and It was
always the good, active union men
whom they could not use.
"Superintendent Pension of the Ar
mour canning department - addressed
the employes in the following language
this morning: 'You went away like cat
tle, and we will take you back like cat
tle.' This language was used both to
men and women."
GENERAL STRIKE PROBABLE.
Unless a settlement be reached to
morrow the general belief is that a
sympathetic strike of the allied trades
in the packing Industry, which was
threatened last week to enforce the de
mands of the strikers, will be called.
All these unions .have signified their
willingness to stand by the butchers if
they are called upon to assist in the
struggle with the packers for su
premacy.
In a statement given out to-night
President Donnelly of the Butchers*
Union says:
At to-day's conference, which lasted
five hours, a committee, consisting of
rive representatives of the packers and
live representatives of the • Butchers'
Union, was appointed to go over the
v, .-...•- situation, but it was unable to
reach a working basis with which both
Bides would be satisfied. Whether the
difficulty can be satisfactorily settled
at to-morrow's meeting is problemat
ical, as each side maintains that it is
living up to Wednesday's agreement
lor a settlement by arbitration and that
it is the other side that is responsible
for the renewal of hostilities.
CHICAGO, July 22.— The stockyards
strike, which ¦was renewed this morn
ing in Chicago and all the other points
where the big packing companies have
branches because the strikers were dis
eatisSed with the manner In which the
employers proposed to reinstate former
employes pending a settlement by ar
bitration, will continue for another day
et least. A joint conference between the
representatives cf both sides of the con
troversy and representatives of the al
lied trades in an attempt to bring about
a peaceable adjustment of this second
Ftrike was unsuccessful, and the meet
ing was adjourned to-night with the
understanding that another conference
would be held at 8 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
Pr esiclent Is Await
ing Resignation
of Manager.
Alleged Discrim
ination Against
the Union.
Packers Accused
of Violating
Pledge.
BECK MAY
SOON LEAVE
LOCAL BANK
BUTCHERS RESUME STRIKE
AND RIOTOUS ERA BEGINS
Toreeautt •»"¦*» aft Saa Txtta
cisoo lor tXdrtr Jiocr* «a41mr
*w^*™<glrk July 23 J
San JPranciHco end ¦ifr^nitj—
3*air SxtxEt&ays list! sos£bex3y (
rrtnmgtag to laxUfc
-Brtui*. A. Q. 2EDASXE.
7^*tr1"* I'm ¦»¦ n«^T-
The San Francisco Call
Alcazar — "Tb» Fxlsanir cf
Scnda.*!
California — "A Thoroughbred
Tramp."
Central — "Bobert TTnrmet."
Columbia — "Cousin Sato" and
"Carrots."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tlscner's— "A ZrficJty Stone.**
Grand — "The Cowboy aad tna
Ii&dy."
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Eobln Hood."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
*
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. " 53.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1904.ST. PETERSBURG, «July 22.— The
Official Messenger this morning printed
the following special dispatch from
Liaoyang, under date of* July 20:
"Our - left flank^ yesterday withstood
a -powerful ¦ onslaught of. the enemy.
Reinforcements were sent out. The
Caucasian Mounted Brigade left Liao
yang this morning." .
- The foregoing evidently refers to the
Japanese advance, reported from Ta
tchekiao yesterday,, on the northern
Saimatsza- Liaoyang road. .
ilf the advance on Mukden is con
tinuing, heavy fighting. is imminent and
a general battle may be precipitated.
ARE REGARDED AS PIRATES.
Constantinople's View of the Status of
. Volunteer Cruisers.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July; 22. — The
passage of the" Russian volunteer fleet
steamships Smolensk and ¦ St. Peters
burg through the Dardanelles under a
commercial flag and their subsequent
hoisting of the naval flag is considered
here to be a violation of international
law, rendering the vessels liable to.be
regarded as pirates. It is believed that
Great Britain will avail herself of the
presence of her Mediterranean fleet to
emphasize her protest against the
action of , the volunteer fleet steamships
In the Red Sea, and it is expected that
she will intercept the Malacca.
TELI/TALE MAIL SEIZED.
Prinz Heinrich Carried Letters From
:-, .- German Firm to Japanese.' ' ¦
r BERLIN, July 22. — The German
Consul at Aden, , Arabia, reporting , the
details of the seizure of the. mails of
the North German Lloyd steamship
Prinz Heinrich, in the Red Sea on July
15, by the Russian volunteer fleet ves
sel Smolensk, says that when the de
tailed mail sacks were turned over to
the British steamship Persia the Rus
sian commander stated in a letter to
the Persia's captain that two packages
which had been retained were directed
by the management of a German
ammunition factory to a Japanese ad
dress at Nagasaki.
SEBASTOPOL, July 22.— Captain
Glotoff, commander of a torpedo-boat
destroyer anchored In the roadstead
here, jumped overboard during a storm
to-day to save a man whose boat had
been swamped. Glotoff succeeded in
bringing the man to the side of the
destroyer and he was taken aboard,
but the captain himself sank exhausted
arid was drowned.
Russian Naval Officer Rescues Drawn
ing Man and Is Himself Lost.
DIES TO SAVE ANOTHER.
British Cruiser En Route to Red Sea.
, PORT SAID. July 22.— The British
cruiser Venus arrived here to-day from
Alexandria and entered the canal,
bound for Suez.
LIAOYANG, Thursday. July 21.—Ac
cording to private advices, the Japan
ese are embarking two divisions near
Kaichou in order to reinforce their
army in front of Port Arthur.
Besiegers to Be Reinforced.
HAMBURG, July 22.— The Hamburg-
American Line steamship . Sambia
passed Perim, at the southern entrance
of the Red;, Sea, yesterday evening,
thus disproving the report of her cap
ture by a vessel of the Russian volun
teer, fleet. . ..
Steamship Sambla Is Safe.
NEWCHWANG. Thursday. July 21.—
Much excitement has been created here
by the report that the Japanese are
advancing in this direction and 'are at
Tanplngshan, which is twelve' miles
distant. Yesterday heavy firing was
heard here for a short time, not far
away. There are few Russian troops
now in this place.
JAPANESE NEAR NEWCIIWANG.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Wednesday. July 20.—
The Japanese attack upon the Russians
at Kiaotung yesterday resulted in an
other Russian disaster. Kiaotuns 13
twenty-five miles from these headquar
ters. Few details of the engagement
have been received, but they indicate
that the fighting was fierce. The Rus
sians had more than one divRlon en
gaged and artillery was used freely.
The Russians are fortifying new posi
tions before Motien Pass.
• More Russians were killed in the
fighting of Sunday,- July 17, than can
be buried and the Japanese are now
engaged in cremating the bodies.
• TOKIO. July 22.— General Kuroki,
after a severe fight, occupied Kiaotung
on July 19. The place had been fortified
by the Russians, who defended it
stoutly. In the fighting General Ku
roki's troops drove the Russians from
their strongly fortified position on the
Chi River, which is northwest of Mo
tien Pass and east of Anping, inflict
ing upon the enemy more serious losses
than the Japanese sustained. The flght
began on the 18th and ended on the
19th. The Japanese lost 424 men in
killed and wounded. The Russian losses
are estimated at 1000.
RUSSIANS TURN SUDDENLY.
General Kuroki began his advance
early in the morning of the 18th. He
uncovered and followed the enemy
along the Chi River. The Russians
seemed to" be retiring to the northward,
when suddenly two battalions, with
eight guns, turned and attacked the
Japanese vanguard vigorously. At this
point the Japanese suffered before re
lief came, one company losing all its
officers.
At a late hour in the afternoon the
Russians' position was developed. They
occupied en eminence on the banks of
the Chi. This river guarded their left
flank and high precipices protected the
Russians on the right. The only ap
proach to their position was through a
narrow defile. •
The fighting continued until dark,
when the Japanese forces bivouacked.
The Russians made two counter at
tacks, but were repulsed in each case.
The Japanese renewed the attack at
midnight, posting tLeir artillery in the
valley below and on the high ground
to the south of the Russian position.
The main Japanese body was assigned
to attack the Russian center; a small
detachment was sent toward the right
flank and another to watch the enemy'3
left flank. After these positions had
been taken, the fighting ceased for* a
time, but it was resumed at dawn.
RETREAT BECOMES A ROUT.
The Russians had thirty-two guns
in action, and they vigorously shelled
the Japanese. To this flre the Japanese
replied, and the bombardment lasted
four hours. During this time the Jap
anese infantry moved forward and the
flankers had succeeded in scaling the
heights on the Russian right by 3
o'clock in the afternoon, at which hour
the main force was ordered to storm the
Russian center. The Japanese artil
lery protected this movement splendid
ly, but the infantry met with a severe
flre and lost heavily in gaining the
heights.
The final successful charge was de
livered at 5:30 in the . afternoon. The
Japanese succeeded in partially cut r
ting off the Russian retreat* and this
soon became a rout. The enemy re
tired in two directions, to the north
ward and to the eastward.
The Russian forces engaged included,
in addition to the artillery, seven bat
talions of infantry and a regiment of
Cossacks. The enemy left 131 dead and
300 rifles on the field. Prisoners taken
estimate the Russian losses at 1000.
The Japanese lost one officer and fifty
four men killed and eighteen officers
and 351 men wounded.
On July 19 Japanese forces attacked
a battalion of infantry and 1000 cavalry
that occupied Chechiato, to the north
ward of Shaotientzu. After four hours
of fighting the Russians retired across
the Taitsu River.- In this engagement
the Japanese had seventen men
wounded.
HAS NO NEWS OP DEFEAT.
St. Petersburg War Board Doubts Re
port of Kiaotung Battle.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23. 2:05
a. m. — There Is no official Russian con
firmation" of General Kuroki's report
that the Japanese have captured Kiao
tung. No such place as this is laid
down on available Russian maps, the
nearest approach to it being Kantzia
tum, 'which is only twelve miles .from
Liaoyang, on the Siamatza road... If
the Japanese column which General
Herschelmann was opposing on July
18 and 19 has continued to advance to
this point a. general engagement might
Kuroki Defeats a
Large Force of
'- the Enemy.
The inquiry probably was inspired :by
the entry of the Russian Vladivostok
squadron into the Pacific and the as
sumption that the squadron, having
shown no disposition to find and 'attack'
any of the Japanese naval vessels, must
be cruising after merchant shifts, f: ; .;,
Much flour, pork and canned meats
are now in transit from the great West
ern mills, and packing-houses to China
and Japan, allgoing at the shippers'
risk. . . . ••
a prize court of the British "steamship
Allanton. The company's agents ask
what they may expect apd for a" defini
tion of contraband of warliable to seiz
ure. No answer has as yet been* re
turned, but the whole subject is under
careful consideration, and -it«-commer
cial importance may demand the issue
of a formal notice from the Govern
ment to the American marine of/ its
rights and privileges ' and of., the limi
tations imposed :by the war up"on trade
operations. ' ,. ¦ . '¦• "•. ' ¦;•'¦/• - ;
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The Pacific
Mail Steamship Company has commu
nicated to the State Department its lap
prehension as to the safety of some. of
its cargoes In ships -plying between the
Pacific Coast and Chinese and Japa
nese ports on account of the seizure. Of
the Malacca and the condemnation by
would the . cargo lot this ship if she fell
into the hands of 'the Russians be con
fiscated, .'. but : the ship., itself ..would be
lost to its owners -forever. "Vessels tha£
are convertible ij^tb ships of war come
under the first rule of the Slavs as con
traband, and'. i\ is common knowledge
that the "America Marii was built un
der subsidy of the Japanese Govern
ment oh "lines r th*at Vender " her" easily
convertible into, an auxiliary cruiser.
In fact,, her sister • ship, the Nippon
Maru, Is reported to have taken part in
Togo's last attack on the defenses of
Port Arthur. . • '¦ S
The America' Maru is scheduled to
sail from "here- on "August 1 with a cargo
the Russians. ; doubtless ' would be
pleased to 'declare, contraband. Up io
last night ihV San-Francisco agent of
.the Toyo Ka"laen ..JKalsha. Steamship
Company had rjecetved 'nQ word' to hold
his"' Vessel ¦:he>9- awaiting; the \ location
of Bezobrazoff's squadron, hut. during
the day those; firms ' that v had placed
cargoes^ on'Hne^Yesei' were . anxiously
seeking war insurance.
- The St.' Paul Fire and Marine Insur
ance Company was requested to fix a
'rate. 'M.C.'- Harrison, manager of the
Insurance -company, under instruction
of the. home. 'pfflpe^flxed' '-the rate at 10
;per- cent; on the cargo. The insurance
on' -.the- vessel iwas placed by the-home
office, of the steamship company.
The rate" placed on ' the " cargo by the
St. Paul seemed i% to stagger
the- consignors, and no insurance" was
written up to last' night. However, it
is ¦believed that all. who now have car
go on the vessel' will take advantage Of
this rate before < the ship sails if the
Vladivostok, squadron is not located
before that time. Thewar rate on neu
tral ships carrying neutral cargoes for
neutral Oriental ports is placed at one
half of one per cent; the rate on neu
tral ships carrying neutral cargoes to
ports of the belligerents, one per cent, j
.Harrison said that so long as the
owners of ships and cargoes remained
in business the marine Insurance com
panies would be willing to insure them
'against seizure. The marine .insurance
business, he pointed out, Is a gamble,
and the bigger . the gamble the fetter
the companies liked it, as the rates
soar accordingly. The companies are
after money, he concluded, and up to
date- the war has been giving it to
¦them. ' -I j;/';^.-- f - ..'. " '•
In addition, to, the. vessels heretofore
named there is one s.teamBhip.now near
ing the coast of Japan that would prove
a rich prize to the Russians. She is the
St. Hubert, carrying .'niter from the
port of Iquique, Chile, to Yokohama. Of
her cargo the Japanese intend to make
powder to hurl' Iron ' at the Slavs. It
may be that Skrydloff will turn the
tables.
State Department Probably Will Issue Formal State
ment Defining . America's Attitude on the
Question of Contraband.
Slavs Are Routed
by Japanese at
Kiaotung.
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY APPEALS TO SECRETARY
HAY FOR A DECLARATION OF RIGHTS OF NEUTRAL VESSELS
Liner Malacca to
Be Released by
Russia.
BUTCHERS RESUME
THE STRIKE AND
RI0T1HC BEGINS
British Master Is
Blamed for Her
Seizure.
Continued From Page I f Column 1.
the plants, was attacked by nearly 1000
beys, and girls while she was on her
way home. She was chased for several
blocks and pelted with mud and stones.
When she reached home she fell in a
heap on the doorstep, exhausted from
fright and bruises.
The girl was dragged into the house
by her father before the pursuing
crowd could reach her. Seeing that she
had escaped them, they commenced to
batter the house with stones and
bricks. A riot call was sent in and it
took a wagonload of police to disperse
the rioters.
Late to-night It was learned that the
obstacle which prevented a settlement
of the strike at to-day's conference was
the fact that the strikers had made
new demands on the packers. Donnelly
demanded that all the strikers be re
instated within ten days, instead of
forty-five days, as provided in the
original agreement.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 23, 2:05 a.
m.— The Bteamship Malacca is at Su«la
Bay, Island of Crete, where, under thv
agreement reached between Great
Britain and Russia, she will be per
functorily inspected jointly by the
Consuls of the two countries and re
leased, unless palpable contraband of
war Intended for the Japanese shall be
found, in which case the contraband
only will 'be held. British Government
stores aboard the vessel will not be
examined.
From the first, Russian authorities
were convinced that the captain of the
Russian volunteer fleet steamship St.
Petersburg must have had good reason
for seizing the Malacca as a -prize,- and
his report, stating that the skipper of
the Malacca declined to produce the
ship's manifest, seems to have justi
fied their confidence.
There is reason to believe that had
the fact been known in advance thai
the Malacca's skipper took upon him
self the responsibility of questioning
the war status of the St. Petersburg
and defied the Russian war flag, con
trary to international law, which evi
dently came as a complete surprise to
the British Government, that nation
might not have acted as it did.
In spite of this development, how
ever, Russia adopted a most concil
iatory attitude. The Czar himself was
desirous of avoiding the slightest pre
text for a quarrel and personally gave
orders to settle the matter promptly.
According to a high authority, Rus
sia has conveyed assurances that there
would be no repetitions of the Red Sea
incidents.
KANSAS CITY 3IEN OUT.
Strikers Claim They Were Being Dis
criminated Against.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 22.—Presi
dent Donnelly's order to the packing
house employes to renew the strike
came as a surprise to both the pack
ers and the men. Although practically
ail of the several thousand men who
went out originally appeared at the dif
ferent plants here ready for work, each
company employed only a sufficient
number of strikers to make up a com
plete force. All the plants were soon
supplied in all departments and ap
parently running in full blast. Prac
tically all of the strike breakers were
retained. C. W. Armour said:
"I cannot understand the cause for
Mr. Donnelly's new order. I consider
that these men have broken faith with
the packers. It would be impossible
for the packers here or anywhere in
the country to take all of the strikers
back at once. There is not sufficient
work for them to do. All the plants
are more or less disorganized, and it
will be some time before they will be
in shape to operate full forces in all de
partments. One reason why all could
not be taken back immediately is that
there is not sufficient livestock on the
market."
A crowd pathered at the Toll box
factory, a non-union plant which does
work for Swift & Co.. and, when it be
came threatening, was dispersed by the
police.
Many of the strikers assert that the
different packers showed deliberate
di*crimiration- in re-employing those
of their number who were put at work
to-day.
"I have worked at Swift's ten years."
said a hog butcher. "To-day I was told
I was not needed, and another man who
had been there only a day was hired.
I am only one of the many."
In some cases, it is asserted, the older
men were told they would never be
hired. In no case was an official of the
union taken back.
At the stock yards a fair proportion
of the days receipts had been sold
when the order to strike came. Im
mediately most of the buyers in both
the cattle and hog yards quit oper
ations and refused to buy the stock
on which bids had been submitted.
The renewal of the strike caused a
flurry among dealers. They had hoped
to lower prices to the former standard
to-day, but now higher prices for meat
of all kinds will soon prevail.
GREAT ISSUE UNDECIDED.
Yet to Be Determined.
Status of Volunteer Fleet Steamships
LONDON. July 23.— The morning pa
pers generally express satisfaction that
the Malacca incident has been settled
In accordance with the demands of
Great Britain, though there, is an in
clination to await the settlement of the
broader question of the passage through
the Dardanelles of the volunteer fleet
steamships before believing that all
danger has been averted. This feeling
is heightened by Premier Balfour^s an
nouncement on the adjournment of the
House of Commons that he still had no
official news to pommunicate, either in
connection with the Malacca incident
or with the volunteer fleet steamships
in general.
The Daily Telegraph says that its
alarmist editorial of July- 22 was writ
ten with "full knowledge that the Rus
sian Government would act as it has
done, and the object in so writing wa»
to point out that, the Malacca incident
was only a factor in' the great problem",
which has not been settled."
The paper confirms the statement
that the Czar was urged by the French
Government to settle the case of the
Malacca.^ and this settlement it at
tributes to the French action, saying:
| "Jt is rumored in diplomatic circles
that Germany, wishes to co-operate
with Great Britain, in .the settlement of
¦the main feature of the dispute."
It urgently T>6ints out to the Govern
ment that -iioiHriar-.- opinion- in Great
Britain. ¦jvould not admit such partner?
shfp.Vand adds _an, interesting detail to
.the 'heatT-of. the- controversy, of the last
few days- by positively stating . that if
the Malacca: had approached the Dar*
danelles "she- would- have been" sum
moned to surrender -by our gunboat
waiting there, and. if she had not com
plied she would have been "fired upon."
The Times draws attention to serious
complications of a similar kind which
are liable to occur in the Pacific, in T
stancing the Pacific Mall . Steamship
Company's apprehensions on this point.
The marine insurance article. of the
Times says that greater anxiety-exist
ed in London yesterday over cargoes
for the China and Japan seas than
over those by, way of the Red Sea, espe
cially with regard to the American
steamship Shawmut.
"It is most' important," the . article
says, "that the Americans and our^
selves should strongly object to any
attempt to treat provlsibns destined for
ordinary civilian consumption as icon
traband of war." -
response to the order of President
Donnelly of the Butchers' and Meat
Cutters' Union, the 4500 men em
ployed in the packing-houses here,
the majority of whom had applied for
work and had been assigned to their
old departments, have again gone out
on a strike and the packing-houses
are practically tied up.
MAYOR CLOSES SALOOXS.
Guard In St. Joseph.
Policemen and Deputy Sheriffs on
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 22. — The
1500 striking packing-house employes
who returned to work this morning
walked out again at noon. The or
der was received this morning, but
business agents of .the"unions were re
fused admittance to th<* plants by the
packing-house managers. All the sa
loons in South St. Joseph have been
closed by the Mayor and large forces
of policemen. and deptuy sheriffs have
been called out.
Fort Worth Men Act Before Hearing
From President Donnelly.
Efforts on the part if -the 'police to
maintain the peace in South St. Joseph
were only partially successful to-day.
The strikers Fought out several non
union men, who were attacked and s»?
vf>rHy beaten. George Henley, a po
lice officer in citizens' clothes, was se
riously beaten.
¦ •
STRIKE ORDER XOT AWAITED.
FORT WORTH, Tex., July 22.— The
striking packing-house employes to-day
voted not to return to work before the
message from President Donnelly or
dering a renewal of the strike had been
received. Representatives of the strik
ers and packers met. It is said the
packers read the agreement signed in
Chicago, by which the packers were to
take back men as they were needed, the
non-union men employed during the
strike to retain their positions. The
strikers would not accept these terms.
President Donnelly's new strike* order
was received with enthusiasm.
One Packing-House Firm Agrees to
UNION GAINS A VICTORY.
Maintain "Closed Shop."
NEW. YORK, July. 22. — H. Eichel
berger and. Joseph Masterson, who are
in charge of the New York branch of
the Beef Cutters' and Butchers' Union,
were in conference to-day with mem
bers of the firm of Schwarzchlld &
Sulzberger and secured iroin'th'em'as-
Burances" that" from" nbw on, only union
men would be employed by them. , '
SOUTH ST. PAUL SITUATION.
Batchers Quit Work at Command of
Business Agent Steep.
ST; PAUL, Minn., July 22. The
butchers in Swift & Co.'s plant in
South- St. Paul were called out again
to-day. Business Agent Steep of the
union j said that the packers had vio
lated-their agreement at the start. He
eaid that only about 60 per cent of
the 1 strikers had been taken back and
intimated that there- were other -un
satisfactory features.
AWKWARD FOR THE PACKERS.
Those in South- Omaha Had " DIs-
charged Their Non-Union Men.
OMAHA, Nebr., July J 2.— All tjie
members /"who had returned; to 'work
in the South 'Omaha packing-houses,
on receipt of information that\ the
strike was on again, struck later. * 'All
of the non-union 'men were paid ; off
and had left ..the .city, last night and
this morning, .¦ making '.'the situation
an awkward one. for the~;packer*;;.*tf; I
Most of Those In k East St. Louis Had 1
Been Given Former Positions^
•EAST-£f; LOmS/m/'july J 22;— Itr
UXIOX MEN AGAIN IDLE.
GIUSOT. July ,26:— A ahower ¦ of rain* »yr
prlBtd our cltlz»n» -rwteniay ' «iternoon.-' J ; ' it
lasted about tea minutes, but did no damage.
Simon Minich, a Hungarian. 70
years of age, shot and killed himself.
on the back porch of his residence at
804 Larkin street last night at 7:30
o'clock. The shot took effect over the
right ear. Minich had been despond
ent and ill for a Ions: while..
That self-destruction was premedi
tated is shown in two letters he left,
one addressed to a friend named
Sethy, a shoemaker, 250 O'Farrell
street, in which he asks Sethy to at
tend to his funeral arrangement?. The
other was addressed to a Mrs. Dr.
Krotz, 205 Leavenworth street, to
whom deceased made a few small be
quests. Minich was at one time an
upholsterer in the Palace Hotel. He
was not known positively to have had
any near relatives, though his friends
had heard him speak of two nieces,
who are supposed to live in this cine
Despondent and Indisposed Old Man
Sits on Porch and Deliberately
*.r . - Commits Suicide.
ELDERLY SIMOX MINICH
SENDS BULLET INTO HEAD
An appearance was filed in the pro
bate department of the Superior Court
yesterday by Henry C. Schaertzer, who
says that he is attorney for the follow
ing heirs of the estate of. Bertha M.
Dolbeer: Mary Jones Dolbeer Bush.
Maria C Dolbeer Terhune. Myra Dol
beer Gore and Frank Kimball Dolbeer.
The attorney demanded that he be not
ified of all papers filed in the case.
Inquiry made at Schaertter'a office
in the Crocsley building developed the
fact that the appearance was filed for
him on telegraphic instructions re
ceived from New York. The local of
fice knows nothing of the identity of
the heirs named, but states that a let
ter from the attorney is ejected in a
day or two. Schaertzer*s New York ad
dress is in care of Broughton & Co.,
110 Nassau street. ' It is said that the
attorney has left the metropolis for St.
Louis. ,i
Xew York Lawyer Files an Appear
ance Through Local Legal
Re present a t ire
DOLBEER CASE DEVELOPS
MORE CLAIMANTS TO ESTATE
Awaiting his opportunity, Galland
called Mrs. W. C. Duncan to the door.
She was wary, however, and only by
arousing her curiosity ,as to the iden
tity of the visitor did Gattand prevail
on her to open the door even _a few-
Inches. She instantly recognized him.
but before she could, close it his foot
was inside and through the small
opening thus secured he served the
papers. He was soon in possession.
There was considerable opposition to
him at first, but the contents of the
flat were finally removed.
A writ of replevin was. served yes
terday upon William C. Duncan and
his wife at 1701 Page street and the
household effects in the flat they were
occupying were removed to the
Sheriffs warehouse. This is in the
suit of Ada Duncan against "W. C.
Duncan, who is her brother-in-law,
for possession of the contents of the
flat. The plaintiff alleges that when
her husband, B. B. Duncan, whom she
Is also suing for divorce, left her
three months ago he gave his brother.
W. C. Duncan, a bill or sale.
This property, which the Sheriffs
office has been trying to secure for
some time, was captured yesterday
afternoon by Deputy Jesse Galland.
Mrs. Ada Duncan filed a bond of $3000
to indemnify the Sheriff in the case
of any damage done and that officer
was ordered to get the furniture, even
if extreme measures should be neces
sary.
Strategic Deputy Reads th© Papers
While Holding the Door Open
With His Foot.
GALLAND SERVES WRIT
OX WILLIAM C. TfTTSCAX
Acting Secretary Loomis promptly
telegraphed the Consul to dispatch a
responsible person immediately to
Aguas Caiientes to make full Inquiry
and report upon the assassination. The
place is remote and there 13 no Consul
nearer than Mazatlan.
already be progressing." The general
staff gives no credit to this view and
Is inclined to think the incident is the
Russian retirement from Sikhoyan to
Gontzianzi, reported in Kuropatkln's
dispatch of July 19.
General Herschelmann commands the
Ninth Division of the First Army
Corps. The engagement of the Japanese
•with General Herschelmann is the first
one, so far as is known, in this cam
paign in which the Japanese have con
fronted a European-trained formation
of troops.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— In answer
to Acting Secretary of State Looml3*
demands for full information respect
ing the killing of two Americans in
Aguas Caiientes, Mexico, Consul Kaiser
at Mazatlan has telegraphed under last
night's data as follows:
"Americans telegraphed that Alcalde
Torres, nephew of General Torres,
while Intoxicated, went on business to
"Way's office, who requested him to re
turn when sober. Torres left and sent
his subordinate to arrest Clarence Way
and Ed Lattimer, but instead of ar
resting they assassinated them. ' Gov
ernor promised me aid in thorough in
vestigation. Information verified by
second dispatch. Investigation In prog
ress.. Dispatch In transit."
Instruction of Drunken Al
calde Eesults in Killing
of Americans in the South
MURDER COLD-BLOODED
Consul at Mazatlan Tele
graphs Briefly Facts Con
cerning Tragedy in Mexico
SLAY INSTEAD
OF ARRESTING
THE SAN ;KRANQISCQ.;gALLI, .SATURDAY, -JULY -23, 1904.
LIAOTANG; - July 22.— In the course
of an Interesting interview had with
him In the hospital here. General Ren
nenkampff, who was recently wounded
while reconnoitering a Japanese po
sition, coolly criticized -the Japanese
shooting as not up to the mark and said
the Japanese ¦ relied on the quantity
rather than the quality of their fire.
The- general declared that the Japanese
were. . overslow and cautious. This
General Rennenknmpff's Opinion of
"-0r ? : : the Japanese Soldier. ... .•
IS A' , SLAVE . TO '.SY, STEM.
The cargo of the Portland Asiatic
liner will be consigned to private indi
viduals in Japan. The. vessel will be
ready to leave this port by July 28.
PORTLAND, Or., July 22. — With a
cargo of 50,000. barrels. of Oregon flour
the steamship Aragonia of the Portland
and Asiatic Line will attempt to run
the gauntlet of Russian cruisers off the
Japanese coast and land her contra
band of war at a Japanese port. This
was decided upon to-day in an agree
ment between General Manager
Schwerin of the Portland and Asiatic
Company and the Hamburg-American
Line, the owners of the vessel.
The German owners were at first very
much adverse to \he loading of their
vessel at this port, with the prospect
of seizure by the Russians before ar
riving at her Oriental destination.
Captain Schuldt, master of the Ara
gonia, filed a protest at the owners'
request. Manager Schwerin came back
with the statement that as the bulk of
the proposed cargo for the Aragonia
was Hour, she would have to take the
barrels or make the trip light.
After some discussion the Portland
and Asiatic Company agreed to file a
bond indemnifying the Hamburg-
American Line in the event that the
steamship is captured by the Czar's
war vessels lying in wait off the Jap
anese .coast. The amount of the bond
Is . unofficially given at $275,000. This
was the sum demanded by the Ger
mans at the commencement of the ne
gotiations. News of the completion of
negotiations In New York was wired
the .local offices this afternoon.
Steamship Will Sail From Portland
With a Cargo of Flour.
WILL RUN THE 'GAUNTLET.
The steamships of the Pacific Mail
Company which are or may be within
the danger zone and receive the atten
tion of the cruising squadrons of the
Czar are the Mongolia, which will sail
from' this port on July 29; the Korea,
which will. leave here on September 21,
and; the Siberia, which is due; in. San
Francisco on August 19 from China and
Japan and will sail on her return to
those ports on August 30. Of the. Ori
ental and Occidental line are the Doric,
which will sail from San Francisco on
<August 7, and the Gaelic, on Octob'er 1.
The Coptic, now In Japanese waters, .is
due to arrive here on August 30.
Most unfortunate of the ships now
in this harbor is the America, Maru>
the property of the Toyo Kaisen Kai
sha Steamship Company* the headt of
fices of which are in Tokio. Not only
As the Pacific Mail is a large carrier
of foodstuffs the following rule of war,
contained in the proclamation of the
Czar, was the one upon which the com?
pany sought a ruling:
"According to rule 6 the following
will be regarded as contraband of
war: • * • also rice, foodstuffs, etc.
Neutral ships with contraband of 'war
of any sort can, according to circum
stances, not only, be seized, but also
can be confiscated." . > ¦
This Government, however, was not
willing to lay out a plan of operations
for the White Squadron based upon
contingency and the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company was Informed that
the Government would not attempt to
place a construction upon the war rules
of the Czar until a specific case of
seizure of an American vessel made
such construction necessary. Notwith
standing this fact, the Mall company
will continue' to ship flour and food
stuffs from this port to the Orient.*
At the' offices of the Mail company
yesterday it was stated that, although
its vessels were carriers of large quan
tities of flour and other foodstuffs to
Japanese and other Oriental ports, the
same were shippeji by neutral firms and
consigned to neutral merchants. The
company's ships are carrying no con
signments to either of the belligerents,
nor are they carrying ammunition of
any kind to any one, the passenger
licenses prohibiting such shipments.
Consequently the officers of the com
pany, feel that In event of the seizure
of any of its vessels they would be able
to secure its release without difficulty.
So sure of this are' they that no war
insurance is carried covering the comf
pany's vessels that ply between here
and the Orient. ' ;
Somewhere out on the broad Pacific
the Vladivostok squadron sails, a men
ace to the commerce of the world. Here
in San Francisco the greatest interest
centers in the movements of the evasive
Slav fleet. From here the trans-Pacific
steamships start on. their voyages ; to.
the Orient with their neutral cargoes
destined to neutral ports and with their
cargoes of contraband billed to the bel
ligerents. Millions of American money
are invested In these ships and cargoes
and It is but natural that here anxiety
should be at the highest point.
The corporation most interested in
Admiral Bezobrazoff's activity is the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. "When
its officers learned that BezobrazofC had
once more eluded Kamimura's watchful
fleet and had passed into the Pacific
the Mall company, through its Wash
ington representative, applied to this
Government for a ruling on two of the
most ambiguous of the Czar's rules of
war, upon which ruling the financial
life of the steamship company might
depend. ' ' ' ' * : I ¦_
In Raiders' Presence in Pacific They
See Menace to Neutral Ships. '
COMMERCIAL MEN ALARMED.
criticism may be somewhat discounted,
however, by the fact that General Ren
nenkampff. himself is one of. the boldest
and most dashing 1 commanders in the
Russian army.
? General Rennenkampff pays the high
est tribute to the engineering skill of
the Japanese. 1 Their fortifications, he
said, are marvels of completeness and
.areeXwell constructed," located and
masked. They freely use field tele
phones connecting their batteries and
have\ excellent maps, many of which
have been > captured, on which ranges
are, marked. V ', ;' -
"The Japanese is a cunning and dan
gerous"" foe," said' General Rennen
kampff, "but. he is not artful. He is a
Slave'tb -system, lacking the necessary
dash and willingness to take chances
that would make him a most formid
able foe." : -.- ' ¦ :' . - V
LEFT FLANK HOLDS FIR3I.
Russians Withstand a Powerful On
slaught by Kuroki's Men.
2
. In The Sunday Coll, July 24th, Begins a
New F^f tbe 7WR. DOOLEY
Articles by pnley Peter Dunne
, W.hpse pungeot humor apd political satires have oever failed to
'convulse tb« entire couotry with laughter.LOS AXGELES, July 22.— In a fit of
rage induced by drink, her appetite for
which she could not control, Mrs. Ran
neb, wife of J. Will Ranneb, a Los An
geles attorney, fired three shots at her
husband Wednesday night at Norwalk,
this county, and then turned the
weapon upon herself, inflicting a wound
from which she died to-night The
couple were married a year ago. Soon
after the marriage the husband dis
covered tha^his wife had acquired an
ungovernable appetite for drink. He
took her to the McCarthy ranch near
Norwalk, in a remote section of the
county, hoping by absenting her from
places where liquor is sold to be able
to cure her. All went well for a time,
but > the Woman found the means of
securing liquor and this led to frequent
quarrels.
Wednesday night Ranneb returned
and found that his wife had been
drinking. A quarrel of more than or
dinary violence followed and during it
the woman seized a revolver and be
gan shooting at her husband. Her
condition w r as such that her aim was
not good and he escaped Injury. She
fired four shots at him, all of which
went wild. Her failure to effectively
use the weapon seemed to anger her
the more and turning the revolver on
herself she sent the last bullet into
her left breast above the heart. Had
she . recovered the public probably
would never have known of the shoot
ing, but her death to-night rendered it
necessary for the physicians who at
tended her to notify the Coroner. The
husband is' almost, crazed over the
death of his wife. He is a son of S. D.
Ranneb, a well-to-do real estate dealer
in this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles Woman, While
hi an Intoxicated Condi
tion, Tries to Shoot Spouse
The notice came like a thunderbolt
out of a clear sky, and the business
community was electrified. The lirm
was supposed to be worth millions. For
a quarter of a century Jacob Eppinger'ft
word had been accepted without ques
tion among bankers and he could bor
row as he chose. There was" a hurried
consultation among the business men,
a creditors' meeting was called and
even the most conservative of the
creditors described the failure as "rot
ton, very rotton." The liabilities of the
firm were over $1,250,000: its assets were
practically nothing. The outside hold
ings of ranches and stores were heavily
mortgaged to various banks, and the
warehouses supposed to be full of grain
contained little but sweepings. The
matter was brought to the attention of
the Grand Jury, and after an investi
gation Jacob Eppinger and Herman
Eppinger were jointly indicted on
charges of obtaining- money under
false pretenses, the specific charge on
which the Indictment was based being
a transaction with the International
Banking Corporation on April 14, 1903.
ing of Jacob Eppinger, his brother
Herman Eppinger and Bernard Ett
linger, was one of the largest grain
d-aling firms in the world. On June 6.
1903. shortly after the "Big Four,"
which included Eppinger & Co., had
attempted to corner the grain market
of the world, announcement was made
that the firm had suspended.
M. Yamanolo, a Japanese fisher
man, was rescued from the bay at the
foot of Second street on Monday.
When conveyed to the Emergency
Hospital he was booked as "John
Doe," as he could not speak English.
Since then he has communicated with
his countrymen, to whom he said that
he and three others had been lishing
up the bay. On their return their
boat sprang a leak and they were
compelled to swim for their lives. The
survivor does not know what became
of liis companions.
Two Japanese Missing.
DRINK CAUSES
FATAL QUARREL
With her skull crushed and one arm
broken, Mrs. Angela Fawn of 915
Washington street was found late last
night lying unconsclc-us near the cor
ner of Ninth and Stevenson streets.
She was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where Doctors Stephen
and Kuslck examined her. The sur
geons say positively that the woman
was struck on the head /"with some
blunt instrument,' probably a hammer.
There is little hope for her recovery.
The case looks very much like an at
tempt to murder. Detectives are now
working on that theory. The woman
regained consciousness long enough to
give her name and then relapsed Into a
state of coma, from which . she will
probably never recover. The surgeons
were attempting to trephine, her skull
at a late hour this morning.
* *
W. D. Tilloteon, a Republican leader
in Shasta County, 'is in San Francisco.
At the banquet in Los Angeles to
night San Francisco tvill be represent
ed. An excursion party consisting of
the following left here last evening for
the south in a special car: Colonel
George H. Pippy. Mrs. George H.
Pippy. Miss Florence Pippy, Miss Ethel
Plppy. Colonel J. B. Fuller. T. K. Kase,
Mrs. T. K. Kase, E. Tauszky, Mrs. E.
Tauszky. Colonel Charles Sonntag, Ira
A. Manning, J. R. Tregloan. Mrs. Grace
Moore, F. H. Short, R. H. Schwarzkopf,
Harry Horn, J. Harry Russell. R. E.
Miller, A. C. Bates, A. J. Ranken.
Ferd K. Rule, president of the Cali
fornia League of Republican Clubs,
was in the city yesterday. Early in
the day he conferred with General
George Stone, chairman of the State
Committee, and later went to Sacra
mento.
William M. Cutter of Yuba, who was
chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee in the memorable cam
paign of 1902, was in San Francisco
yesterday on his way to Los Angeles to
attend the dedication of the clubhouse
of the Union League in the southern
city.
San Francisco Will Be Well Repre
sented at Banquet in Southern
City To-Night.
Mrs. Angela Fawn Is Found
Unconscious on the Street
With Her Skull Crushed
SACRAMENTO EXHIBIT AND
THREE ACTIVE COMMISSIONERS
AT THE FAIR.
REPUBLICAN' LEADERS
GO TO LOS AXGELES
IS PROBABLY
THUG'S VICTIM
ed at a wine exhibit will say the bev
erage given them is good, but when
a viticultural expert for a foreign coun
try that has its own wines in the mar
ket carefully tastes and then praises
with true enthusiasm it means some
thing. B. C. Cinncinnato da Costa of
Portugal, a member of the jury of
awards at Paris and also of the jury
for this exposition, has not only said
the California wines were of excellent
quality, but has expressed surprise at
their improvement during the last few
years and says their future, with the
still further improvement that is nat
ural, is a great one. Commissioner da
Cbsta's opinion should be worth some
thing, for he is a professor and' vice
president of the Technical Agricultural
Institute of Lisbon, of which the King
of Portugal is president; director of
the laboratory of fermentation of the
same institute; member of the Supe
rior Council of Agriculture and Science
of Coimba and director of the Royal
Central Agricultural Association of
Portugal. If all that doesn't make Da
Costa's opinion of wine valuable there
is small chance for any one's to have
weight.'; But if that isn't enough. It
might be well to say that he is the
author of two well-known volumes,
"The History of Viticulture of Portu
gal" and "The Technical History of
Agriculture #f Portugal."
"When 1 was at the Paris Fair," said
Professor ,da Costa, "I sampled the
California wines exhibited there and,
to be truthful, was not favorably im
pressed with them; they seemed to bo
woefully lacking. I remember sitting
down to dinner with California wines
on the table and there was more m
the bottles than myself and my friends
needed. '
"My surprise is great when I taste
these excellent v.'incs you exhibit now.
The Improvement in these few years Is
marvelous. You have wines that rank
with any in the world and all are good.
Tha present quality of California vin
tages and the still further improvement
that the advance in the last few years
promises 'assure a splendid future for
the grape and its product in Cali
fornia."
Professor da Costa has tanks of wine
at^ his disposal, so he didn't say all
this because he hoped to be given a
bottle with a pretty label to carry home
as a sample. It looks as" if , some gold
medals might come in the direction of
California's wine exhibit.
Haber's ability to speak several lan
guages is a valuable asset to him in
his position here, as'many of those In
terested in wines and grape culture are
foreigners.
FEAST UPON WATERMELONS.
Luscious Repast Enjoyed by Visitors
at the California Building.
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— A watermelon
feast was given to-night on the large
lawn at the rear of the California build-
Ing to California visitors and the pub
lic generally. A half carload of fine
watermelons had just been received
from California. The melons were
flavored with several kinds of Cali
fornia wine. The feast was attended by
many prominent Californians, who
pronounced it one of the pleasan test af
fairs that has yet graced the California
building, v.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILDING,
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— For wideawake,
active work at St. Louis there is prob
ably no section in California that is
excelling Sacramento. The advantages
of the great Sacramento Valley are
presented to the exposition visitors in
a manner that arouses interest from
the very start.
The scheme has been placed in the
hands of men who understand that
they have been sent to St. Louis to
accomplish a special purpose, and that
purpose is to convince the people that
the Sacramento Valley is the great
est producing section in the country.
To see is to believe, but it requires
hard effort to set the people thinking
in this line when they are 2000 miles
away. But this is what the Sacramento
Valley promoters are doing.
Oreat credit is due Colonel R. M.
Oreen. J. H., Willis and J. Reith Jr.,
the Commissioners who are so ably
representing the northern portion of
the State.
The representatives of Sacramento
City also are doing splendid work. The
work is under the direction of General
J. G. Martine, and he is assisted by
J. H. Devine and H. P. Rowley. The
headquarters are at the Hamilton
Hotel, although excellent missionary
work is being done at all the hotels.
Sacramento, Butte, Colusa, El
Dorado, Glenn, Placer, Shasta, Sutter.
Tehama, Yuba and Yolo counties are
embraced in the association. Good work
for each of them is being done by the
representatives here.
There is an Oakland merchant at the
I .ouiFiar.ii Purchase Exposition who
has learned something concerning 1 the
excellence of California wines that will
be of benefit to him. It does not look
reasonable that new customers for
California goods could be found among
Californiar.:; visiting: the fair, but un
fortunatoly there are denizens of the
Golden State who have the foreign label
mania — only excusable if the foreign
article is really better— as badly as the
people of the East.
The merchant in question, whose
name is veil known in California com
mercial circles, entered the wine dis
play of his native State in the Palace
of Agriculture and sampled some sau
terne, toward which variety of wine he
has a leaning:. Setting down his glass
he asked of Ferdinand Haber, who has
charge of the display:
"You tell me this is a California
wine?"
"Look at the label," said Haber. "We
wouldn't risk selling anything from the
European laboratories under our es
teemed label." and his chest puffed out.
The Oaklander saw that the bottle
bore the brand of a well-known Cali
fornia winery. Ho asked the price of
the vintage and was informed on that
point.
"Well. I never knew," he' said, "that
any sauterne as good as that was pro
duced in California. I've been for years
Ilsing an imported sauterne at my table
and this is actually better and cheaper.
I'll use it instead of the foreign article
hereafter." ' V^
Haber couldn't miss the chance for
an oration, and to the Oakland mer
chant and the rest of those present he
said:
"If Californians were like the French
and Germans— loyal to their soil— the
State would prosper more. The French
man and the German will not eat any
thing, wear anything or drink anything
not produced by the soil of their coun
try, provided their countries supply
them gdod articles. Let the Califor
nians recognize the merit of their own
wines, their own olives and their own
olive oils, and the producers will be
more prosperous." %
Haber was revived after this effort
with a dash of French cognac that was
handy.
Most any one who is hospitably treat-
BY PAUL EDWARDS,
SANTA CRUZ, July 22.— Rev. EII McCliin
of the" University of the Pacific delivered the
main address at Twin Lakes Baptist assembly
to-day. James Edmunds spoke at the teachers'
training class on '"Using the- Scholars' Imagi
nation." Milton G. Evans of Philadelphia
ppoke at the Bible study on "The Parable at
the Sower."
ST. LOUIS, July 22. — In the con
vention of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians to-day a report submitted by
the committee on resolutions favored a
nationaJ home for members of the or
der and denounced the caricaturing of
the Irish race upon the stage and in
the comic sections of the newspapers.
Ancient Order of Hibernians Adopts
Resolutions in Convention at
St. Louis.
OBJECTS TO CARICATURES *
OF THE IRISH RACE
ST. LOUIS, July V 22.— Six persons
were injured in a car on the scenic
railway at the World's Fair to-day.
The injured: Miss Helen Woodward,
•Omaha, right ear torn; W. N. Chand
ler, St. Louis, right ear torn; Mrs. J.
D. Thomas, Kansas City, right ear
torn: Lewis Wilson, St. Louis, knee
sprained; C. W. Porter, Muskogee, I.
T., knee hurt; Miss Mabel Rossington,
Pueblo, ear torn.
The accident was caused by the grrip
man, whose attention had been di
verted from his work, losing control
of the car, which ran against the side
supports. ' Four of the injured had
their ears almost torn off.
Serious Accident Caused by the Care
lessness of a Scenic Rail
way Gripman.
SIX PERSONS INJURED
AT WORLD'S EXPOSITION
At 11 o'clock no agreement had
been reached and as there seemed no
hope that a verdict would speedily be
found the Jury was locked up for the
night.
FAII/URE OF THE FIRM.
The firm of Eppinger & Co., consist-
Judge Lawlor's instructions to the
jury, while lengthy, were confined to
the laws iroverning embezzlement, and
after the Jury retired he ordered a re
tess until 8 o'clock.
WILL PROSECUTE ALL.
At this point I wish to give warnins that
rvery Person who has falsely testified on this
ftand »nd rvttry peno:i who bad any guilty
rf.nnwnion with these frauds will be pros
ecuted.
The defense has boa-ted that shipload affr
?Mplnad of wheat went to foreign ports. Jaxob
Hi-pinger knew that that wheat did not belong
to him. but to the Coluta Bank, and he
i-tol* It. On on» lot of grain money was
borrowed three times, end it was afterward
U.lpped away and sold.
Where ha« this tnoii^y gone? Has It been
yurk away? It is net here to meet the
. bligatlons. Why were they afraid to admit
the books in court? An honest merchant does
not tear an inspection of his books.
Gentlemen of the Jury, do not let the man
who steals hundreds of thousands of dollars
PW free while the man who steals a farthine
tzoea to Jail. With the firm conviction that
:ou will do your duty I now leave the case
with you.
At 2 o'clock Byington took up the
argument for the prosecution and
Ftarted to tear to pieces the elaborate
i-txucture of the defense. He attempted
nu brilliant flights of oratory, dealing
•olcJy v.ith the evidence and the trans
actions of the firm prior to its failure.
He said in part:
It ha« been drilled into you by the defense
that Bernard Ettlinger was the jullty carty,
!..< cause on April 14. 10W, he signed more
• hecks than Jacob Epptnger did. It is true
he <lid Fign taort checks on that day. but
Jh"ir aggregate «u l«ut $2« 35. while Jacob
Kpp!nK<T signed checks amounting to more
tlian $3C00. During the months of February.
March and April SO per cent of the checks
mm Mgned by Jacob Eppingcr and but tt per
tf-nt by Bernard ¦ Ettlinger, yet they claim
Jacob Eppingf-r was not actively In the busl
ne»b.
We have shown that Jacob Eppincer com
mitted the most fttupendous crime *>ver perpe
traXed in this- Statf. It was not a failure.
The . rottenness of the firm extended over a
period of years. No reputable bufinefg house
ktiGYlsgly lore*, certifirates, but this firm
issued warehouse receipts for grain that had
not ev<n b**n plumed. The evidence shows
that only I'TiOO tons of good shipping wheat
were tn the warehouse. Where there should
have been forty to fifty thousand, and Dem
fam. superintendent of the warehouse, with his
haar-des look end lies dropping irom his lips,
6ays the wheat was actually there
JACOB SIGNED CHECKS.
We claim that the transaction of April 14.
1903, «as Bernard Ettlinjrer's. If it is proved
beyond a reasonable doubt that Jacob Ep
pir.gf-r *va t the man responsible, then and then
«jr,ly have you a right, ia the Juryroom, to
mention other transactions. The Pacific Coast
Warehouse Company was identical with the
firm of nrrinrer & Co.. and when the firm
p'edged train with banks it knew that the
grain or its equivalent was in th» Crockett
warehouse. By a mere accident lets 107 and
70S found their way aboard the Pierre Lotl
«nd were shipped eff to South Africa, but
wheat cf equal quantity and quality remained
In the warehous*. • • •
I will leave with you this eld man. In
his present condition of health there is little
l*"ft for him to do In the course of nature
but die. Won't you let him die In his own
txxl. with his wife, who has been his faithful
cotr.pariior. for fcrty years, beelde him? Her
Irish blood is steadlast and she will , stay
»:th him to the last. Will you. on the word
of Berk arid Kaytwick, *end him to his death
Sn a felon's cejl? — for that is what conviction
would wean — or will you return him to his
r.[fv and family as you expect to-morrow to
return to your loved <ir.e«. from whom you
have so \onz been separated?
Attorney Dunne's argument dealt
largely with the doings of the missing
Bernard Ettlinger, on whom he at
tempted to throw the blame for any
wrong transactions. He made an im
passioned plea for mercy to the aged
defendant. He led the jurors through
a maze of figures, seeking to show the
inagnitude of the business of Eppinger
At Co. ami the utter improbability of
Jacob Eppinger seeking to defraud any
man out cf so paltry a sum as $9S00.
During the course of his argument he
said:
The concluding arguments in the
case and the charge to the jury occu
pied the entire day. The courtroom
was crowded with onlookers, eager to
take advantage of the last opportunity
to see the a^ed millionaire on trial for
his liberty. Epplager was accompanied
in the courtroom by his wife, his sons.
Joseph and Morris, and his nephew,
Herman. Throughout the scathing ar
raignment by District Attorney Bying
t<m he maintained his composure, but
Mrs. Eppfnser broke down and wept
c< -piously.
Attorney Ach, of Eppinger's counsel,
had requested the indulgence of the
court to make a brief closing state
ment, but at the close of Attorney
Dunne's argument he announced that,
while he had much to say, he pre
ferred to let the matter go to the Jury
vithout further remark, intimating
that he was wrought up over the clos
ing words of Dunne's speech and their
effect on the defendant, who was in
a lachrymose condition.
BLAMES ETTCJ-YGER.
After a trial lasting over six weeks
the case of the people of the State of
California against Jacob Epplnger,
charged with obtaining money by false
pretenses, was submitted to the Jury
Fhortly before 6 o'clock last night and
the defendant remanded to the custody
of the Sheriff. He was not at once
taken to the County Jail, like a com
mon felon, but at the urgent request Of
his counsel, backed up by affidavits
from physicians as to his health, the
Fheriff took the responsibility of per
mitting the prisoner to go home for
dinner under his escort.
Tfee case against Jacob Eppinger,
charged xtitlx obtaining money by
fraudulent representations was given
to the Jury at 4:50 p. m. yesterday. At
1 1 p. m. the jurors had not agreed on
a verdict and were locked up for the
nisbt.
Byington. Tears to Pieces
Pathetic Pictures Drawn
by Defendant's Counsel
of Their Client's Virtues
ATTORNEY DUNNE
PLEADS FOR MERCY
CHICAGO, July 22.— Blazing fiercely
from wheels to roof, a runaway motor
car on the Metropolitan Electric Ele
vated Railway whizzed by hundreds of
waiting passengers and led a fire en
gine a chase of more than a mile and
was not stopped until It had reached
the crowded loop In the downtown
region used by the four elevated roads
of Chicago. The car was brought to a
stop by the temporary shutting off of
the power at the supply station, the
engineer of the power-house having
been advised that a runaway car was
speeding downtown.
When the car was first found to be
on fire it was detached and was run
past the Aberdeen street station so that
neither the rest of the train north and
the station might catch fire. The train
was left -alone and a fire engine was
called. For some reason. Ju3t as the
firemen were making ready from be
low the elevated structure to send a
stream of water on the blaze, the car
suddenly started.
"With no one on board and leaving a
trail of fire and smoke behind it. the
runaway began the wild race down
town. "When the car stopped at the
loop entrance the fire engine, distanced
in the first part of the chase, came up
and put out the fire, but not before
the car was a charred wreck.
BUTTE, Mont., July 22. — Two more
suits were begun in the District Court
to-day by the Boston and Montana
Company to recover damages to the
amount of many millions of dollars on
account of the alleged looting of large
quantities of valuable ore from the ad
joining mines through .the Minnie
Healy workings. In the two suits that
were begun to-day Judgments are
asked to the amount of $7,400,000, mak
ing'a total, with the big suit that was
begun on Thursday, of $13,150,000 for
ore alleged to have been unlawfully
extracted from the veins of the Colusa.
Piccolo and Gambetta mines through
underground workings in the Minnie
Healy.
In the five suits that have been begun
against Heinze and his agents, alleging
the looting of ore from the Michael
Davltt, Little Mina, Colusa, Piccolo and
Gambetta mines the judgments In
damages that are asked aggregate $16,
850,000.
The two suits begun to-day -were
against Heinze corporations alleged to
have been in j charge of the Minnie
Healy at different perlojds in the com
plicated proceedings that have arisen
through the litigation over the prop
erty.
A young woman, supposed to be
Anna McCoy, was found dead in the
sand dunes at the beach last evening.
The corpse was discovered lying face
downward a Quarter of a, mile south of
the United States Life Savins Station
by a man and woman whose names are
unknown. They notified Captain
Varney of the life saving station.
Varney did not know that the woman
was dead and notified the Park Hos
pital. Dr. Pawlicki responded to the
call and on his arrival pronounced the
woman dead. In his opinion she had
been dead for several hours. He could
not tell what had caused her death.
Deputy Coroner Fennel removed the
body to the Morgue. There was nothing
In the way of a positive mark of identl-.
rtcatlon among the woman's effects.
In her purse was an aluminum tag
bearing the name "Anna McCoy." A
chatelaine bag of brown leather was
found near the body. In it was a small
purse containing 10 cents and a s"hirt
stud bearing an imitation diamond. She
had a handkerchief with the initial "A"
embroidered in one corner. In the hand
kerchief were several small red candies
and a key.
The dead girl wore a wedding ring
and a plain band gold ring on the first
finger of the right hand. On the third
finger of the left hand she wore a small
imitation gold ring with ' two blue
ttones set in it.
The woman was about 27 years old,
about five feet In height and of medium
build. Her features are regular and
the head is crowned with a wealth of
pretty brown hair. Her right upper
eye tooth is gold crowned, and the
bicuspid immediately back of it is
broken away. The piece of the broken
tooth was found in the handbag. She
wore a brown tailor-made suit, pale
blue straw hat with pale blue flowers
as a trimming. The Jacket of the suit
was trimmed with yellow lace. In the
girl's white waist was a small silver
heart pin.
Deputy Coroner Fennel is inclined to
think that the girl was sick and fell
in the sand and became smothered.
Her mouth and nostrils were clogged
with sand. Another theory is that she
took poison of some kind, speedy in
its action, and fell unconscious on her
face.
Up to a late hour this morning: the
corpse had not been identified.
Word Is Sent to Headquar
ters and Current Is Shut
Off Before Damage Is Done
Totals Asked in Various
Suits Against Butte Mag
nate Amount to $16,000,000
Pretty Girl With Flowing
Brown Hair Lies on Slab
at Morgue Unidentified
After Spending Five Hours
in Deliberation on Ep
pingers. Fate They Are
Locked Up for the. Night
FIREMEN LEFT BEHIND
CAUSE IS A MYSTERY
GREAT SUMS INVOLVED
Body Supposed to Be That
of Anna McCoy Discovered
Near Life Saving Station
Two More Actions Are Filed
in Court to Recover Value
of Ore Said to Be Stolen
Electric Motor Catches Fire
and Then 3Iakes Spectac
ular Trip Down Town
Visitors at the St. Louis Exposition Are Being Given Ample
Demonstration of the Productiveness of the Great Northern
Section of ,the State — Foreign Expert Praises Our Wines
JURORS ARE
NOT AGREED
0N VERDICT
SUING HEINZE
FOR MILLIONS
BLAZING CAR
ON WILD RUN
YOUNG WOMAN
DIES ON BEACH
SACRAMENTO VALLEY WORKERS
ARE PRODUCING GREAT RESULTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1904.
3
ADVERTISJgklEXTS^
EBaBBHBSHBBEBBHHHBIflHBEBB&BBBBBBBflramBD»B
I Special To-Night. I
¦ a
B ' - _ B|
i /^^^^w olsnkcts. |
a ur s P ec^ to-night a
§ * S ° ne °* UnUSUa * * n ~ °
a terest to householders. J
| ,<^^^^^^^p Extra b!ankets Gre d- 3
S ways welcome. A good |
B grade of cotton blanket, g
b pj only* per p3ir ii v*5^ %J* h
S . --.- "¦-¦? --, • SB
a l v ra
BaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHaBBBBBBBBBBBaBBgH
Tfie bestaf loaj^lwashore
Iffl SHERWOOD and 212-214 MARKET ST pi
W$i 5an francisco • r ¦•¦¦ f J
E-W/j wni-r*flUV/L/ ?lf)N MAIN ST EgSw
¦ fHH DISTRIBUTORS L05 ANGELES. m£\SAN RAFAEL, July 22.— The tele
phone was shot In two last night at
the top of Corte Madera hill, probably
by, boys. One end fell across the elec
tric light company's wire, carrying 2700
volts, v and fuses were blown out
throughout Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Humboldt counties.
Telephone Wires Are Damaged.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 22.— General
G. D. Joubert, one of the prominent
figures in the late Boer wW, gave an
illustrated lecture here this evening In
the Chautauqua course. He gave a
spirited statement of the stirring scenes
enacted in South Africa which led to
the downfall of his Government.
Lectures on the Boer War.
RANTA CRUZ, July 22.— The Grand
Stainm of Red Men is to meet next
week at AVagher's Grove. The mem
bers of the Grand, Stamm will arrive
Sunday noon and will be met at the
depot by the members of the local
stamrn. The sessions will commence on
Monday. : " ,;;,-' "¦¦¦* .;-". ..N
Grand Stainm of Red Men.
TACOMA, July 22.— Judge Hanford
has given judgment in favor of the
Stimson Mill Company against the Ger
man bark Robert Rickmers for $18,680.
Three years ago in the harbor at Bal
lard, Wash., the Rickmers in a storm
drifted against the schooner Stimson,
resulting in damage on which the libel
suit was brought.
Judgment Against German Bark.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Rev. H^A.
Haskell, for many years minister of
the Unitarian Church of this city, has
accepted a call to the Unitarian Church
at Fresno. He will take charge of the
pastorate on September 1. , It was un
der the direction of Dr. Haskell that
the Unitarian Church in this city was
organized and the fine church edifice
built. For some time he has been in
San Jose engaged in 'literary work. "
Accepts Call to Fresno Pulpit.
SAN JOSE, July 2i— There was a row
at the caucus of Republicans in the
Second Ward this evening, and for a
time it looked as if there would be a
free-for-all fight. The Hayes and Mac
kenzie factions of the party were hold
ing meetings at the same time from the
same platform, and pandemonium pre
vailed. Trouble began at the door.
Some one struck Harry T. Edwards,
and Mitchell Phillips, a capitalist and
politician, who represented* this county
at the Republican National Convention,
knocked the man down. Phillips in turn
was struck on the back of the head,
and he reached in his hip pocket. ' Po
liceman Hughes' hand got, there 'first,
however, and Phillips gracefully al
lowed the officer to take possession of
his revolver. Supervisor Stern was next
knocked down by Police Commissioner
McCarthy. * Cooler heads then Inter-'
posed and Btoppedthe row. Police Com
missioner E. Smith then mounted the
platform and presided over the meet
ing of the Hayes faction, and Mitchell
Phillips held the chair for the Macken
zleites after the Smith faction had
elected the delegates . .
Rival Factions Meet at San Jose and
a Lively Quarrel Follows.
ROW AMONG POLITICIANS.
NAPA, July 22.— The Republican
County Central Committee of Napa
County met here this afternoon in ac
cordance with an agreement with the
Solano County Central Committee. The
Senatorial convention to nominate a
Republican candidate from the Fifth
District was fixed for August 12 and
will be held in Napa. The committee
to-day indorsed the candidacy of Rob
ert Corlett and instructed the delegates
to vote for him for State Senator.
Napa County Republicans Meet.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The following
Californlans are In New York:
From San Francisco— L. T. Berg, W.
M. Berg, Miss L. Frank at the Gerard;
Miss C. E. Jackson/ P. H. Jackeon at
the Herald Square;' P. Kaplan at the
Hotel Cadillac, F. Greenwood at the
Spalding, S. W. Drascovich at the St.
Denis, S. C. Patterson at the Cosmo
politan, G. Pfund and wife at the
Raleigh, T. J. Roesman at the Hotel
York.
From San Jose— C. B. Mason at the
Grand Union.
From Los. Angeles — E. T. Aiken at
the Continental, A. Albrecht at the
Everett House, H. G. Dean at the Park
Avenue, T. R. Lombard at th« Broad
way Central, J. ,M. Tangney at the
Grand Union.
California!!.? In New York.
Will Give Voting Machine a Trial
AUBURN. July 22.— The city of
Auburn will \'ote by machine at the
coming Presidential election. The three
precincts have been consolidated into
one voting precinct and the Super
visors have ordered a voting machine.
If the experiment proves successful
other machines will be purchased for
use throughout the county.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— Captain
Robert McM. Dutton of the United
States Marine .Corps has been denied
a re-examination for promotion, for
which he had applied. He consequent
ly will have to remain at a standstill
on the rolls for at least a year.
Captain Dutton is now at the Mare
Island Navy Yard. He applied for a
re-examination on. the ground that he
was not in proper physical condition
.when he was examined. He saw some
hard service in the Philippines and
came up for examination soon after
he was returned. It is said that Cap
tain Dutton claims to have been' out
of condition both physically and men
tally at that time.
It was decided, however, that as he
said nothing about this at the time of
his examination and as the examiners
are of the opinion that his condition
then , was all right, his request should
be denied.
CAPTAIN DUTTON DENIED
CHANCE FOR PROMOTION
Marine Corps Officer's Application
for a Re-examination Is
Rejected.
Postmasters commissioned — Califor
nia—Kate Nason, Dunligan; Mary R.
Grimes, Lakeview.
Rural route No. 1 will be established
at Prescott, Walla V.'alla County,
Washington, on September 1.
The following California rural route
carriers were apopinted to-day:
Bakersfleld, Elmo C. Bacon, regular,
John E. Bacon, substitute; Delray,
Winfleld S. Smith, regular, Emery A.
Wells, substitue; Fresno, Harlow G.
Vanmeter, regular, James P. Vanme
ter, substitute; Hanford, Daniel G.
Davis, regular, Harry Wraith, substi
tute; Los Angeles, Paul Ostrom, regu
lar, Lloyd W. Ostrom, substitute.
Army orders — Captain William P.
Burnham, Twentieth Infantry, and
Captain Edward R. Chrisman, Six
teenth Infantry, are detailed to act as
umpires during army maneuvers to be
held August 10 in the Department of
California and will report to Major
General Arthur MacArthur for duty.
WASHINGTON, July 22.—Postmas
ters appointed:
California— Bolinas, Marin County,
Joseph G. Petar, vice Achille Bonattl,
resigned.
"Washington— Willapa, Pacific County,
Wiley H. Woods, vice Andrew Alex
ander, removed. . ,
The name of the postofflce at Eby,
Tehama County, California, has been
changed to Red Bank.
Captains Burnhnm and Chrlsman Are
Detailed as Umpires for the Cali
fornia Army Maneuvers.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain A. J. de Oliviera Sampaio,
former military attache to the Brazil
ian legation in London, who has been
assigned to similar duty at the lega
tion in Tokio, arrived here yesterday
from the East on his way to the Orient
and is registered at the St. Francis.
Commander A. C. Baker of the
United States navy, who has been on
duty at the St. Louis Exposition since
the construction of the Government
buildings began and who was recently
directed to proceed to the Orient for
duty, arrived here yesterday and is a
guest at the St. Francis.
John Wiese Jr., a young business
man .of the Mission, who has been
making a tour of the East, is now be
ing entertained by Edward Kelly in
New York.
Professor J. E. Stubbs of the Ne
vada State University, is down from
Reno and staying at the St. Francis.
G. A. Parkyns, assistant general
freight and passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, at Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
S. . Glen Andrus, railway editor of
the Chicago Record-Herald, has been
spending several days in this city. He
is staying at the Grand.
John XV. Brock of Philadelphia,
president of the Tonopah Mining Com
pany and of its new railroad enter
prise, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
PERSONAL.
• It^was entirely unannounced and only
a very few Intimate friends of tho
bride and groom were present. Imme
diately after they were made one Mr.
nnd Mrs. Troy left the church in a
carriage. ., Their* destination is : not
even known ' to their closest friends.
They intend to enjoy a brief honey
moon and then return to San Francisco,
where they will reside permanently/'".
The mother of the late ; Senator
White, with whom. Mrs. Troy resided
for some time after her first husband's
death, declines absolutely to discuss the
affair.' She admitted that the news
caused lifer some astonishment. 'Her
daughter-in-law at no time confided, in
her the fact that she contemplated! a
second marriage.'
The groom has two brothers' in this
city — Daniel Troy, assistant cashier ; in
the Postoftlce Department, arid E. ¦ P.
E\ Troy, . an insurance • mani ," They de
cHne*to* l discuss' their 'brother's" mar
viage. They did not know of it until
informed by telegram.
Mrs. Troy: is the mother of three chil
dren by her first marriage— -two 66ys
and a girl. The eldest, a son, is about
17 years of age.
. It was generally thought that after
Senator White's death on February 22,
1901, the widow would remain incon
solable. But time, the healer of all sor
rows, has softened her griefs and per
mitted her to take up again the respon
sibilities of wlfehood. "••: ¦ ' ¦
When his famous friend had been
called to the beyond Troy took
charge of the widow's affairs. His as
siduity for her welfare and that of her
three children probably touched Mrs.
White. At any rate, she did not look
upon his attentions with coldness. ,
¦ Naturally Mr. Troy had to make sev
eral visits of late to Los Angeles to talk
with his charming client about the suit.
It is evident that on one of these visits
he pressed his own suit in a court
where she was both judge and jury.
His arguments were successful and a
decree in his favor was declared; at the
altar yesterday morning. : '^ .
The wedding took place early yester
day morning at St. Joseph's Catholic
Church. The Rev. Father .Victor per
formed the ceremony.
WEDDING IS A SURPRISE. >
friend of his present wife's husband
for fifteen years. During the campaign
that resulted in the election of Senator
White, Troy was secretary of the Dem
ocratic organization. Troy accompa
nied the Whites to Washington, where
he acted as private secretary to the
Senator.
Senator White, who always felt a
warm friendship for the young man,
later helped him to secure a desirable
clerkship in the Senate. He held the
position for six years, during which
he studied the great men of the world
as seen on the stage at Washington.
Often he heard arguments In the Su
preme Court of the United States.
Later he made a tour of Europe on a
Government mission. Returning to
San Francisco, Troy began the prac
tice of law with success. He has also
been prominent in politics and the
conservatives wanted him instead of
Livernash for Congress. Troy is now
suing on behalf of his wife, though in
the name of Mrs. White, for the Sen
ator's share of the fees for recovering
the famous Pious fund of the Catholic
church. •
TIME SOFTENS HER GRIEF.
The remainder of the evening was
taken up with listening to a speech by
Abe Ruef, in which he recounted his ex
perience in the East.
The meeting also voted, on motion
of George A. McGowan, that each of
the Assembly District committees elect
officers and trasmit to the secretary
the lists of officers elected, and that the
meetings held in the Assembly districts
for the purpose of electing delegates
to the County Convention be in charge
of the respective Assembly District
committees. Leon Samuels objected to
this and wished to place the Twenty
ninth District on record as voting in
the negative, but he was voted down.
R. W. Dennis moved that a commit
tee of eighteen, one from each Assem
bly District, be appointed by the chair
for the purpose of preparing a plan of
organization of this Joint committee,
with instruction to report at the next
meeting. ' The motion prevailed.
On ths motion of Supervisor Lun-
Btedt resolutions were passed pledging
undivided support of the joint district
committee of the Republican party of
San Francisco to the Republican nomi
nees during the coming election.
On motion of George A. Wells it was
ordered that the Assembly District
committees transmit to the secretary
of the joint committee the names of the
candidates of the respective Assembly
districts for the position of delegate to
the Republican State and local conven
tions.
Many local Republicans last night at
tended th<$ joint meeting of Assembly
District subcommittees. The confer
ence took place in the Shiels building,
32 O'Farrell street. Little was accom
plished. Owins to the absence of
Thomas Riordan, chairman of the
County Committee, Secretary Thomas
B. Atkinson occupied the chair. This
caused a protest from Richard Cox,
who is second vice chairman of the
con-mittee. When, however, he under
stood that it was not a County Com
mittee meeting, but a meeting of the
district delegates appointed during the
last four months, he withdrew his ob
jection.
After Brief Bnsiness Session Delegates
Li.-len to Abe Ruefs Eastern
Experiences.
A few hours later it was given out
that the gambling element had agreed
to send the "grafters" and hangers-on
out of the city by 3 o'clock, pending
which no call for troops was to be
made. This agreement was carried
out and the objectionable persons left
town on an afternoon train. This had
the effect of producing a calmer feel
ing and little apprehension is felt of
any further trouble.
At noon a call was* made by the
Board of Trustees upon Governor
Herreid asking that troops be sent to
Bonesteel. A reply was received stat
ing that the' Governor was out of the
city, but that the troops could b« fur
nished if necessary.
Early to-day there was a meeting of
citizens" to devise ways and means
to prevent the lawless scenes of last
night. At this meeting it developed
that Superintendent 1 of Registration
John McPhaul had issued what proved
to be a virtual ultimatum to the ef
fect that the riotous scenes of last
night must not be repeated or he
would remove the registration office
to some other point and request that
troops be sent here for the protection
of life and property. McPhaul was
asked to delay his request for troops
until the city authorities and the
gamblers could get together on some
basis of settlement.
BONESTEEL, S. D., July 22. —
Bonesteel has been quiet to-day. It
was not until nearly noon that
the streets began to show their ac
customed numbers. Early in the
morning gambling games, which had
been compelled to abandon the street
corners last night, took their accus
tomed places at the edges of the
walks and upon vacant grounds ad
jacent to the streets. But* before noon
they had been forced to desist the
plying of their trade. Inside games
were running as usual, but with great
ly reduced patronage.
Threat of Superintendent to
Remove tlie Registration
Office Has a Good Effect
REPUBLICANS ATTEND
COMMITTEE MEETING
ELIZABETHTOWX, Ky., July 22. —
Carrie Nation's career was again tem
porarily but violently Interrupted to
night, when A. R. Neighbor, a sa
loon-keeper, struck her twice with a
chair, knocking her down and pro
ducing a scalp wound. The assault
occurred at Neighbor'3 saloon after
Mrs. Nation had berated Neighbor.
Kansas Reformer's Crusade in Ken
tucky Encounters Another Vio
lent Interruption.
SALOON-KEEPER FLOORS
. MRS. NATION WITH CHAIR
QUIET REIGNS
IN BONESTEEL
VICTOR. Colo., July 22. — The Port
land mine is operating with a new
force of engineers and firemen In
place of those arrested by the mili
tary authorities, who claimed to have
discovered a conspiracy among the
men in the mechanical department at
this mine to walk out in a body. Ten
of the forty men arrested have been
ordered by the military board to leave
the district and have been released.
New Force of Engineers and Firemen
Replaces Arrested Men.
PORTLAND MINE REOPENS.
ROBKRT P. TROT /XD HIS BRIDE. I
FORMERLY THE WIDOW OP THE j
LATE SENATOR STEPHEN M. "WHITE. i
WASHINGTON. July 22.— Colombia
ia to again come into full diplomatic
relations with the United States and
the Panama matter will be a closed
incident between the two Govern
ments. The State Department to-day
received a cordial letter from the Co
lombian Minister for Foreign Affairs,
announcing that Dr. Thomas Herran
has been given full letters of credit
as Colombia's envoy at Washington.
Diplomatic Relations Will Be Re
established and the Panama
Incident Closed.
COLOMBIA WILL CO3IE
BACK INTO TIIE FOLD
"I have already repudiated the ticket
nominated at St. Louis. The Seymour
Leader has declared for Roosevelt, and
it is not improbable that I may go on
the stump for the ticket a little later,
providing I can arrange my business
affairs and the campaign managers
feel that I can be of assistance to the
cause. "A. XV. MAXWELL."
SIOUX CITY, Iowa. July 22.— A. W.
Maxwell, former chairman of the
Democratic State Committee and
Hearst's Iowa manager, has formally
bolted the Democratic ticket. The fol
lowing telegram, sent in reply to a
message from the Sioux City Journal
asking him if he had bolted the ticket,
explains itself:
Hearst Manager in Iowa Will Support
Roosevelt and Fairbanks.
BOLTS DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
Lumber Mill Owners at McCloud Set
tle Trouble With Striking Italians.
REDDING, July 22.— The 400 striking
Italians at the Scott and Van Arsdale
mill at McCloud will return to work
to-morrow morning. The strike leaders
arrived at that decision this afternoon,
after a consultation with Father Carr
of the Catholic church and Manager
Wisdom of the lumber company. The
Italians have waived all of their de
mands regarding an increase of wages
and have declared a willingness to re
turn to work on a ten-hour day guar
anteed them by the company. This is
the only concession made by the com
pany.
WILL RETURN TO WORK.
clinching the victory won at the State
convention. One or two friends of
Mayor Harrison attended the meeting,
but remained quiet throughout the
proceedings. Charles Boeschenstein
of Edwardsvllle, 111., was chosen chair
man of the State Central Committee
by acclamation.
QUIXCY, Mass.. July 22. — The
prompt response to a private fire
alarm by the workmen at the ship
yards to-n!ght saved the battleship
Xew Jersey, now under construction,
from damage by fire.
The watchman at the yard discov
ered flames among the timbers di
rectly beneath the bow of the battle
ship. Every workman employed by
the company answered the alarm and
with a few powerful streams of water
extinguished the flames before serious
damage was done.
Prompt Response to Fire Alarm
Saves Vessel Now Builtlinz
From Destruction.
BATTLESHIP XEW JERSEY
EXDAXGERED BY FLAMES
The indictment grows out of the con
fession of Charles F. Kelly, former
member of the House of Delegates, who
says that Butler gave him $15,000 for
leaving the country and staying away
until the bribe-grvers, against whom
he had damaging evidence, were pro
tected by the statute of limitation. It
is understood thai Butler has already
given bond to answer to the charge.
The expected indictment against a
politician close to Butler and against
"the man higher up," who also figured
in the confession of Kelly and former
Delegate Gutke, were not returned.
The members of the jury came into
court and asked Judge Taylor for fur
ther time to deliberate. They were
given until August 26 to make a re
port.
ST. LOL'IS. July 22.— Colonel Edward
Butler, a prominent local politician,
was indicted to-day by the June Grand
Jury on the charge of bribing a. wit
ness.
BAKERSFIELD. July 22. — James
Cowan, who was convicted of man
slaughter for ihe killing of the negro-.
James Cummings. who was taken from
jail at Jlojave and «hot, was this af
ternoon sentenced to eignt years in
Folsom by Superior Judge Mahon. The
jury in finding Cowan guilty recom
mended him to the mercy of the court
and Judge Mahon said if it had not
been for that recommendation he
would have imposed the extreme pen
alty. He expressed the opinion that
the jury had no right to make such a
recommendation.
CHICAGO, July 22.— The new Demo
cratic State Committee held Its first
meeting to-night and organized for
the campaign. Within twenty minutes
the adherents of former Mayor John
F. Hopkins put through a slate of of
ficers of their own selection, thereby
State Committee Holds Meeting | and
Prepares for the Campaign.
1X.IJVOIS DEMOCRATS ACTIVE.
For every dollar they pay Into our trtas
uriee. municipal, State and national, it cost*
us In providing- for the insane, paupers and
the criminals their business produces SIC SO.
Cut euppGee the liquor business could and
cl :r.->T:.r..fv us in the matter of dollars
and cent?; cen It meet the social and moral
aspect of the case? Can it unshackle the in
tellect it has bound and blurred and buried
in hopeless idiocy? Can it bring back the
dethroned reasons and give them again their
new broken scepters? Can it, in place of
the pullor of the prison, still paint with the
blush of innocence the cheeks of the hundred
thousand boy* it annually chains to its car
of jucseroaut? Can it give back the farm,
the house, the wife's patrimony, the husband's
•»rnlnc*. the child's bread, the baby's
ehoes. the old family Bible, squandered or
pawned upen the altar of a hell-enkindled
and unquenchable apetlte? Alas it cannot.
Who is responsible? The voters are the
real culprits. The? are the principals In a
t>UElnf*s in which The liquor dealers are but
tte agents. The informed voter and especially
the Christian voter, who admits in his church
relations that no Christian should vote for
saloon pirti*s and then so votes, admits that
h* is no Christian, though he professes so
to be.
It i* with profound pleasure and with a
cormi«Ddlng r—r.f of responsibility that I
acknowledge the honor you have conferred
uf>on me in rr.atcJrr me ynor candidate for
tiie Presidency of the I'nltctl State* of Amer
ica, — the hicheft office in the sift of any peo
ple, because the head of th» greatest nation
o' the world, now ax In 1776. I retard your
noisinatlon. even if assured -of defeat, which
I am cot. a rreater honor than a nomination
and election from any of the parties sub
sidized and controlled by the liquor traffic.
It is a principle of common law that the
individual may not eo use his person, prop
erty or liberty at to infrlnre upon the rights
and privileges of other*. Or, if eo using, he
mu*t without fall Indemnify the injured by
making cood the lose. It is a fact, uncon
troverted by all. save the parties in interest.
thsrt the - 250,000 liquor dealer* In America,
through their business, constantly infrlnp«
upon the r.phr* of all our »-ichty millions of
people, and that they do not indemnify us
for the daraace Inflicted. ¦
IXDIAXAPOLIS. Ind.. July 22. — Dr.
Silas C. Swallow of Harrisburg, Pa.,
and George W. Carroll of Texas, Pro
hibition candidates for President and
Vice Pr^ident of the United States,
were formally notified of their nomi
nations to-day. The occasion brought
many prominent Prohibitionists of the
country here. In his speech accepting
the nomination. Swallow said:
Nomination for President.
Formally Accepts the Prohibitionist
ESOPUS. N. Y., July 22.— Information
reached E*opus to-day that Senator
Gorman could not »><» induced to under
take th*> cares of managing the cam
paign. Judge Parker was informed of
the dispatch from Washington that
Gorman had reiterated nil declaration
that some younger man 5hould be
i.ho?en. William F. Sheehan, who was
the choice of many Eastern leaders,
was with Judge Parker at the time.
When asked whether he would permit
bis name to £O before the meeting of
;h*» national committee, to be held at
the Hoffman House in New York on
Tuesday, h* rtplied laughingly: "Oh.
nobody wants me for chairman."
Then. Ftriously, he discussed briefly
his position, making it plain that he has
not allowed his name to be considered
bjr party leaders, and that he stands
firm in his refusal to serve as manager
of the campaign. From his attitude he
no longer can be regarded as a possi
bility. August Belmont also has as
serted that he will not accept an active
part in the campaign management, and
thus Taggart is apparently the only
fne left in the race.
Arrangements wore completed to-day
to ship to Epopus a thirty-room, one-
Ftory portable hotel building, which
<a.n be set up in less than tuo weeks.
The promoters desire a lease for four
months with the privilege of extend
ing to four years.
SWALLOW IS NOTIFIED
Representatives of the operatives
say they want an abandonment of the
proposed wage reduction. The mill
officials stated concisely why the re
duction was necessary from a financial
point of view.
The arbitration board then conferred
separately with each committee and
later the two bodies met in Joint con
ference again and threshed ou^t the
whole matter.
This last meeting continued well into
the night. At its . conclusion President
Howland of the arbitration board said
that the demands of the textile work
ers would be considered by all thp
manufacturers at a meeting to be held
at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. July 22. —
Through the good offices and prompt
action of the State Board of Arbitration
there seems to-night to be a ray of
hope for an amicable settlement of the
controversy between the cotton mill
manufacturers' and their employes, who
on Wednesday night voted to go on
strike next Monday rather than sub
mit to a 12'/2 per cent reduction in
wages. Such a strike would involve
more than 30,000 operatives.
This afternoon the secretaries of the
five unions and representatives of the
manufacturers met In conference with
the arbitration board.
Inquisitorial Body Asks for
Further Time in the Case
of "the 3Ian Higher Up*'
Workers Are Making Strong
Demand That the Proposed
Reduction Be Abandoned
Judge in Passing Sentence
Says Jury Had Xo Right to
Ask Mercy for Prisoner
With August Belmont Out
the Indiana 3[an Is the
Only Aspirant for Place
SHEEHAX HAS DECLINED
Her friends say that the Senator
often acted on her advice and that her
ambition stimulated and sustained him
in many conflicts. She became his
wife eighteen years ago. Mrs. Troy is
a descendant of the Sacristi family, one
of the oldest of California.
Robert P. Troy was an intimate
Her drawing-room at Washington
was thronged with the most brilliant
of the law makers. They were charm
ed by her rare intelligence and by her
graciousness as a hostess. At her teas
and dinners the weightiest problems of
the Government were discussed and
her views were always heard with' in
terest.
The bride is well known through the
prominence of her first husband' and
because of her intellectuality and
charm. She is a brilliant and fascin
ating woman. As the wife of .Senator
White she was one of the most popular
ladies in the national capital during
her husband's brilliant career.
IS WOMAN OF INTELLECT.
In the presence of a few friends Mrs.
Hortense Sacristi White, widow of the
late Senator Stephen M. White, and
Robert P. Troy, a popular lawyer and
Well known Democratic politician of
this city, were quietly married at. Los
Angeles yesterday morning.
Both here and in the south the news
of the affair came as a surprise. When
it was first announced to the relatives
of the late statesman they refused to
credit the report. ' The brothers of the
groom, Daniel and E. P. E. Troy, were
much astonished.
OTHERS ARE TKE3IBLIXG
SIGNS AEE PB03IISIXG
C03DIEXTS OX VERDICT
Grand Jury Indicts the St.
Louis Political Boss for
Bribery of a Witness
Board of Arbitrators Trying
to Avert Trouble Between
Operators and Employes
James Cowan, Who Shot the
Negro Cmnmings at 3I<>
jave, ,Sent to Penitentiary
Judge Parker deceives Word
That Senator Gorman Will
Xot Accept Chairmanship
She Is Wedded Very Quietly at Los Angeles to Robert P. Troy,
Formerly Her First Husband's Secretary— Friends of Both Are
Astonished, as Neither Gave Anv Hint of an Attachment
CLEAR SAILING
FOR TAGGART
EDWARD BUTLER
IN FOLK'S GRIP
MAY PREVENT
COTTON STRIKE
EIGHT YEARS
FOR LYNCHER
SENATOR STEPHEN M. WHITE'S WIDOW
BECOMES A BRIDE FOR SECOND TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JULY 23. MOJ.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ;Ye-'OIde English Inn,
144 Mason J st. Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'.' •
I /^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
I J^^JJra f»2?> HEARST ST. K*tab!!*h.-<1
i HfPwml" I»S4 for tbe treatment of l-rtvntn
Hft lkial)i!wi»n, lrfy«t^taliiMH>cl. DfWlitynr
' mgaW*>nS*flU<-a;«>- vt pnrimton bod.van.l nilml «n<l
OffiSa"Sl s l<ln [>i;«-n!M»*. Til* Doctor riirr* wIumi
j«a«5artt«ottipr» i»t ; - Try i»ni. ••»»•••«>¦ v -
>BWliBBriir»< gimfanlffd. Cnllinwftt*.
I ]> r . j. i\ (iiBBO.N, sau Fraucisco. C*L
carters! crra?j SICK READACnE -
SjSiTTiE Genuine Must 'Bear
I IVER Fac-Simile Signature
*™3 1 /&u*<it^?zrx£
One of tbe greatest American millionaires
once «»id to his physician, "A million dol-
lars, Z>octor, for a new stomach, * and then
tbe sick ou cmntd and turned a war.
One of a man's greatest pleasures is that
bora of a keea appetite, vigorous digestion
and a good dinner, aud thi« belongs to
tr.cr.y a food fellow who is living on small
m-2ges, bet the rich man without a. stomach
has to forego the rood things of the table
becante his stomach rebels. Without a
healthy 6tom3ch £.nd a good digestion, our
blood is thin, watery and poor, our heart
action is weak, our liver does not do its
duty, aad man is miserable and unhappy.
In this condition man is prey to the germs
of inflnecxa, consumption, malaria and all
tbe ills that he is heir to. Consumption
can be treated by natural methods which
are as "lose to nature as possible.
Dr. B.. V. Pierce, chief consulting physi-
cian of tbe Invalids' Hotel aad Surgical
Institute, at Buffalo, N. Y., years ago un-
derstood this disease, and after a long pe-
riod of experiment discovered certain roots
aad herbs which were nature's remedies,
asd succeeded in putting them up in a
form that would be easily procured and
readr to use. This be cauea Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It gives no
false stimulation because it contains no
olcohol aud no narcotic. It helps diges-
tion and the assimilation of such elements
in tbe food as are required for tbe blood.
Instead of a cod liver oil, against which
the already sensitive stomach will declare
open rebellion, this tonic has a pacifying
cction upon tbe sensitive stomach and
gives to the blood the food elements the
tissues require: It maintains the patient's
nutrition by enabling him to eat, retain,
digest and assimilate nutritious food. It
overcomes gastric irritability and symp-
toms of indigestion, and is this way fever,
night- sweats, headaches, etc.. are done
sway with. It fortifies the body against
the germs of consumption grip ana ma-
laria, and it builds up the tissues and puts
on healthy flesh.
Whra the dmggist says he has some-
thing that is* just as good "as Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, he says bo be-
cause he hopes to make a better pront,
but hi* own nurtures have not stood the
test of loag experience nor had tbe success
tfcal Or. Pierce's medicines have had.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES
The more purely negative soap is,
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless you have used Pears' soap
you probably do not know what we
mean by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali ia it — nothing but soap.
Established orer loo years.
WhenYourStomach
is Away from
Home
You hare to be a bit careful of it.
When yon are going East, for instance,
it may trouble yon after yon climb down
from the Rocky Mountains, if you do
sot treat it well. Changed conditions
make it sensitive. The thing to do ia
h to provide it with the best dining pos-
¦ aible — and the best dining possible U,
I as nearly every traveler knows, provided
I by the Burlington Route, a la carte.
¦ Let me tell you more about it.
I W. D. SAXBORH. General Agtnt. U
Rhim 631 Market St. San Franclsc*. Cat. 9SANTA CRUZ, July 22— The sessions
of the Christian Endeavor Society at
Garfield Park to-day were devoted to
business, the principal feature of
which was the reading of the presi
dent's address by A. C- McKeever of
Fresno.- Encouraging reports were
made by the secretaries. '.'
Hear Reports of Their Officers.
Government May Buy Site for a Post.
TACOMA, July 22.— It is stated that
the Government may purchase a tract
of forty-one acres, including the south
ern portion of American Lake, for a
permanent site for a post. The area
spoken of includes the land around
Sequalitchew Lake, running east and
taking in the target range and a large
tract west of American Lake.
SIR. DOOLEY WILL APPEAR
Exclusively in The Sunday Call, Be
ginning July 24,
With a new series of the famous Doo
"ey stories, the fir^t beins entitled
-Mr. Dooley on the Political Situa
tion." The great demands of the limes
ir.'.M' brought the famous old philos
opher and humorist out of a silence of
two years and for the next year he
has agreed to ffive his views on pub
lic men and affairs for the benefit of
Call readers. His talks are better
than stories and funnier than the best
«-omie sections. Get The Sunday Call
and you will get all 3Ir. Dooley has
to say.
TACOMA, July 22.— Tacoma is In hol
iday attire for the third annual saenger
fest of the North Pacific Saengerbund.
The weather is superb. . The visiting so
cieties paraded to-day, and finally went
to headquarters, at Elks' Hall, where
luncheon was served. To-night the so
cieties appeared in a grand concert in
the Tacoma Theater.
Xorth Pacific Saengerbund.
. SACRAMENTO, July 22.— It is stated
here that the announcement of the suc
cessor of Alexander Craw as quaran
tine officer in Kan Francisco against in
»ect i-ests dar.gorous to the fruit indus
tries of the State will not be given out
until after Governor Pardee returns
from the East, which will be about
August 1, as State Horticultural Com
missioner Ellwood Cooper wants to con
sult with the Governor before he
makes the appointment.
Will Await Governor's Return.
SAN JOSE. July 22.— John J. Schem
erhorn, a pioneer of this county and
for many years a resident cf Milpitas,
died yesterday. He was a native of
Germany and SO years of age. He was
a. Mexican veteran and had been a resi
dent of California since 1849. For a
number of years he conducted a saloon
at MilDitas. He was buried this after
noon, under the auspices of the Pioneer
Society. •';¦;
Another Pioneer Passes Away.
SONOMA'S TO3IATO CROP,
IS ATTACKED BY INSECTS
Pest Eats the Leaves of the Vines
and Is Doing Considerable y
- Damage.
SANTA ROSA, July 22.— A pest has
arrived In Sonoma County which
threatens to destroy the tomato crop.
The Insect eats the. leaves of the vines,
sapping the, moisture from them. As
y^t nothing has been discovered to cope
with the insect, a spray. failing to kill
It because of the great difficulty of
spraying beneath the, leaves, which lie
flat on the ground. It is feared, the
yield of tomatoes will be very short
this season as compared with other
seasons.
FORMER POLICE CHIEF
TAKEN SUDDENLY ILTj
James Kidward of San Jose Suffers a
Stroke of Apopiexy While Sit
ting in His Office.
SAN. JOSE, July"22.— James A. Kld-^
ward, former. Chief ' of Police and one
of the best known men In this county,
was stricken with apoplexy this after
noon while in his office and is now lying
in a serious condition at his home on'
South Fifth street. Kid ward was one of
the,most popular police officials this
city ever had- He served as Chief of
the department for six: years, and be
fore that time was a deputy Sheriff.'
Makes Good Record as a Swimmer..
SANTA ROSA, July 22.— Miss Bertha
Kidder, a summer visitor at Monte Rio,
swam a distance of a mile and a half
in the Russian River Thursday after
noon, returning to Monte Rio from
Camp Vacation in forty-nine minutes.
The record Is the best ever made by a
woman in the river, and Miss Kidder's
feat ! is being proclaimed by all the
visitors at the resorts on Russian
River. Miss Kidder is a popular San
Francisco eirl and a social favorite.
California, has purchased and bonded
every foot 1 of coal !nnd in the recently
discovered' Coaldale district. This
v.eek she completed the deal and now
has organized a company with a capi
tal of $5,000,000 to develop the im
mense property. Coaldale is the only
coal regien in Nevada and for some
time pa.st the railroad companies have
been looking to it as their source of fu
ture supply. Xow Dr. Wiliams is in
f-iU charge and they will be com
nelled to do their negotiating with
her.
RENO, July 22. — Dr. Frances C.
Williams, a woman physician from
organizes n Company With $5,000,000
Capital to Develop the Coaldale
District
WOMAN* SECURES CONTROL
OF COAL LANDS IN NEVADA
Archbishop Montgomery and Dr. Mc-
Guire of the Catholic University of
Washington, D. C, who have been the
guests of the regiment, returned to-day
to San Francisco. Father Brown of
New York was also a guest at camp.
SANTA CRUZ, July 22.— The League
of the Cross Cadets gave a dress parade
to-night on Pacific avenue. The regi
ment presented a fine appearance and
won the well-mertted applause of the
many spectators who lined the side
walks.
Members of the Organization Give a
Splendid Exhibition on Pacific
Avenue, Santa Cruz.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS ON DRESS PARADE
In the public institutions, with a pop
ulation of 9516, 'there were 48 deaths—
a rate of 5.04 per thousand.
The .report again calls attention to
the necessity of trapping and killing
rats and mice, as they carry some of
our most terrible diseases. The work
of exterminating t,he mosquitoes is com
mended, as they spread the germs of
malaria. .
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— The report
of the State Board of Health shows
that during the month of June there
were 1195 deaths In California, or a
death rate of 1.129 per thousand.
Deaths were caused by: Tuberculosis.
164; heart disease, 125; stomach, 79;
pneumonia, 66; cancer, 59; cholera in
fantum, 18; typhoid fever, 18; diphthe
ria, 13; cerebro-splnal fever, 12; alco
holism, 13; diarrhoea and dysentery, 8;
whooping cough, 8; bronchitis, 41;^on
gestion of the lungs, 2; scarlet feverC 5;
malarial fevers, 4; measles, 1.
Attention Is Called Again to the Fact
That Rats, Mice and Mosquitoes
/¦ Spread Disease.
STATE HEALTH OFFICIALS
MAKE MONTHLY REPORT
PREPARE- FOR REVISION
OF THE CATECHISM
South Convene at Ocean Grove,
New Jersey.
Methodist Clergymen of Xorth and
NEW YORK, July 22. — For the pur
pose of revising the catechism, Meth
odist Episcopal Bishops, clergymen
and laymen have convened at Ocean
Grove, N. J. The Northern and South
ern sections. are represented by seven
delegates each. It was decided to
give certain parts of the common
catechism used by both sections to
members for revision and the meeting
this week is for the purpose of con
sidering the results of the work pre
pared by them.
EASTERN* CAPITALISTS
MAY PURCHASE THE MIXE
Secure nn Option on the Wounded
Buck Property in Siskiyou
County.
GRANTS PASS, Ore., July 22.— The
famous Briggs or "Wounded Buck"
mine, on Upper Thompson Creek of Sls
kiyou County, Cal., has been bonded
of David Briggs & Sons and will be
placed with Eastern capitalists for a
consideration of $100,000. It is the
largest price, no doubt, ever paid for
a prospect in California. Only a small
portion of the pay shoot of the ledge
has thus far been removed, by a shal
low cut seven feet long and three feet
deep, yet from this some $40,000 In pur«
gold and quartz has been taken. The
discovery is directly on the crest of
the Siskiyou Mountains.
There is no abatement in the rush
to the district, which commenced as
soon as the news of the discovery be
came pu'bllc, about a month ago. Hun
dreds of claims have been located on
Thompson and Indian Creeks. Cali
fornia, and on Sucker Creek. Oregon.
MARCUS DALY'S DAUGHTER
FOUNDS A SCHOLARSHIP
Term at '$1000 a Year hi Columbia
School of Mines to Be Awarded
by Competition. ,
NEW YORK. July 22. — A scholar
ship in the Columbia University
School of Mines has been established
in memory of the late Marcus Daly
of Montana by his daughter! Mrs.
James W. Gerard, of this city. It Is
to be awarded on a competitive basis.
The recipient is to receive $1000 per
annum.
PANAMA NOW GOLD
STANDARD COUNTRY
Canal Commission Is Notified of Rat
ification of System Arranged by
Joint Arreement.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The Pan
ama Canal Commission to-day received
notification from the Government of
Panama of the ratification of the
money system of the new Government
in accordance with the agreement
reached by the joint commission. Pan
ama Is now a gold standard country.
Physicians Say Gada Jlay Recover. *
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Joseph Gada,
who was accidentally shot while hunt-
Ing near Tassajara Springs a few days
ago, was brought to his home In this
city this afternoon. It is now believed
by his physicians that he will recover.
Gada was tracking deer and in going
through a very rough_country his rifle
In some manner was exploded, the bul
let entering his groin. Gada is the
proprietor '' of the People's Carriage
Works on San Pedro street.
TWO MORE BRIBERS
SENTENCED TO PRISON*
Former Members of the St. Louis
3Iunicipal Assembly Most
Pay Penalty.
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— Jerry J. Han
nigan and Charles J. Denny were to
day sentenced to serve two years each
in the Missouri penitentiary^ for the
confession of particlpltation in bribery
deals during their terms as members
of the Municipal Assembly.
ar.<i eras c'Jite severely bruised and
-•-prained. Fortunately the embank
ment was not very steep. Had it been
Lnrnur; mi^ht have been killd.
Saddle Horse Becomes Frightened
and Goes Down an Etuhanknfnt,
Injuring Rider.
REDDING, July 21 — A big rattle
> nuk«' : ceiled in the Keswick-Shasta
•¦<i3.tl a i i he ed;?e of the town of Shasta,
<am<? very near causing serious injury
to Ed Lamus, an employe of the Moun
tain Copper Company, yesterday after
noon. Lamus was riding horssback
f ! om Kes'.vick to Shasta and was going
up the grade into Shasta when a big
rattkr, which lay coiled in the road
ahf-ad of him, caused the horse to be
come frishtened and jump to the I^ft
and slide off the embankment./^ Lamus
went with the horse. His right leg
• aught between the horse and the bank
EN'AKE ON SIDE OF ROAD
CAUSES AN ACCIDENT
Major Charles P. Braslan announces
the engagement of his daughter, Miss
Virginia E. Braslan, to John E. Cal
houn of Minneapolis, Minn. Miss Bras
lan has for a few years been furthering
her education in music and language
at Boston, Mass., residing there with
her grandparents.. Mr. Calhoun is a
prosperous young business man, being
engaged in' the grain and milling busi
ness at Minneapolis. He is the son of
the Hon. John E. Calhoun, well known
throughout the northwestern " country.
Mr. Calhoun's father is a member of
the Minnesota State Legislature. Miss
Braslan, who spent the summer here
with her father two years ago,' is a
lady of charming personality. The date
of ithe wedding has not been fixed, but
it will take place some time during 1 the
coming fall or winter.
The winning of Mrs. Josephine Morris
de Greayer by the gallant Captain
Rowan is the climax of his achieve
ments — but what might not have been
expected of the "man who bore the
message to Garcia"? Has it not often
been said that he who is the best war
rior is the best lover? Neither, to win,
may be laggards, and the quality of
mind that makes the one makes the
other. It is hoped that the man who
has captured the heart hitherto so well
guarded from Cupid's darts may soon
be among us, that he may hear the en
comiums offered as sweet incense to
the woman who has won him.
The engagement of Miss Sadie Quinn,
daughter of Mrs. John Quinn, to Thom
as F. McDermptt has been formally an
nounced. Miss Quinn, the only daugh
ter of the household, is a charming
young woman and a rare favorite in
her set. Ever since childhood the fair
fiancee has wdn many laurels by her
skill at dancing, having been favorably
compared with the famous Lois Fuller
and other celebrities of the stage for
her rare grace. Mr. McDermott is a
clever young business man of this city
and, like his bride, is possessed of a
charming personality. The wedding,
which will occur during the early part
of October, will probably take place at
the home of the bride, which is ad
mirably adapted for such an affair.
SAX QUENTIX PRISON, July 22.—
Chew Lan Ong, who murdered Gin Do
Hing. a Chinese boy, at San Francisco
in July, 1901, was executed here this
morning at 10:30 o'clock. He ascended
the scaffold bravely and appeared cool
and collected. The trap was sprung at
10:21', and ten minutes later Dr. Casey,
the prison physician, pronounced him
dead.
Chaplain Drahms attended the con
demned man in his last hours.
Chew proclaimed his innocence to the
last. "I didn't murder the boy," said he.
"Some highbinders did it and blamed
it on me. My attorney advised me to
plead guilty and said I would only have
to serve three or four years, but Judge
Cook sentenced me to death."
Moments That He Did Xot Mur
der Gin Do Hing.
Chew Lan Ong Declares in His Last
X>IES OX THE SCAFFOLD
PROCLAIMING INNOCENCE
The lodges will each send a commit
tee to the redwoods Sunday to investi
gate and it is certain that their report
"will be favorable, as an option on the
land has been obtained at a low figure.
SANTA ROSA. July 22.— Another
handsome clubhouse is to be built in
the beautiful redwoods in the vicinity
of Guerneville, near the pretty club
house of the Bohemian Club of San
Francisco. The new structure is to be
erected by the members of Santa Rosa
and Oakland lodges, B. P. O. E. It is
the purpose of the lodges to, secure
from 500 to 1000 acres of lattd and lay
out broad avenues and graded streets
through the camp. Lots will be pur
chased by individual members of the
order and they will erect handsome
summer cottages on them for their
families. The two lodges jointly will
erect a large clubhouse for the pleasure
of members of the order, their families
and guests.
Secure an Option on a Desirable Piece
of ProjHM'ty in the Vicinity of
Gucrneville.
ELKS WILL BUILD NEW
HOME IX THE REDWOODS
WELL KNOWN YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE I
ENGAGEMENT TO A POPULAR BUSI
NESS MAN IS ANNOUNCED.
A stretch of asphalt four blocks
long under the shaded structural work
of the new Williamsburg. bridge was
divided into small spaces and lota
were drawn for them. The peddlers
will be compelled to remain there and
no longer be .allowed to roam at will.
NEW YORK. July 22. — Final steps
have been taken to eradicate the wan
dering push cart peddlers of food
stuffs from the East Side. Through
the Police and Street Cleaning depart
ments the peddlers, consisting entirely
of foreigners, have been gathered in
from the Battery to Fourteenth street
and east of the Bowery.
New York Authorities Provide a
Place for the Venders Under the
Williamsburg Bridge.
STREET PEDDLIXG IS •
STOPPED OX EAST SIDE
Slrsrj r. Hull of San Malco Falls
From Frris'.-.t Car iuk! Stall
Is CYashci
SAX liATEC, Ju-'y *2. — Henry P.
ExH, local bag-^a.-re muster wf the
Fc-jtliern Pacific Corapany, was thrown
tror.T. a freight cur this mornins and
a.'Tr.act Instantly killed. A local freight
train v:^z rhi'.Ins some loaded cars
to :i n3:n£, tad, though it v;as no
part of his duty, Hull was assisting,
r. h-: 'r.»Tii;cnt]y did, in a pure spirit
«¦ ' hel~iu3nocr. When the train was
< _t :r:to two soctior-rs Hull was on the
front oar of tho rear section, which
vis stopped suddenly by the applica
tion cf the steam brakes. Thin caused
him to lose his balance and he fell
to the ground, striking his head on a
mi* with such force as to crush hia
Ekuil and cacse his death in a few
tsinutes. "*
Hull was a native of this county and
38 yoars of age. Six years ago he
iv js. married to Mins Nellie Coleman,
.-;• uiiushler cf . Thomas Coleman, one
f the v,-ealih:est business men here
and a sister of Chairman John H.
<*o!eman of the Board of Supervisors.
His wife and two children survive him,
r.F well as his uged parents, W. W.
Hull and -wife of San Carlos; two
Lrothers and a sister.
i:.\cx;ags iia>ti-:r meets
with accidental. death
Elias' attorney claims that the pris
oner, is insane and under the laws of
the Territory the Judge of the District
Court could summon a jury to ex
amine the condemned murderer; but
Judge Davis, who presides at Tucson,
is spending his vacation at Los An
geles and no such action will be taken.
A death watch has been set over
Elias and the scaffold is under con
struction in the Jail yard at Tucson,
where the execution will take place
next Tuesday morning.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 22.— Theodore
Elias, who shot William Katzenstein,
a Tucson policeman, two years ago,
must die on the gallows next Tuesday
morning, all efforts to obtain a reprieve
from the Governor of the Territory
having failed. Governor Brodie, who is
a member of the committee appointed
to notify Roosevelt of his
nomination, left Tuesday for Oyster
Bay, after having refused to interfere
in the case.
Governor of Arizona Refuses to Grant
a Reprieve or Commutation of
Sentence to Prisoner.
MURDERER OF POLICEMAN
MUST DIE ON SCAFFOLD
LOS ANGELES, July 22.— H. J. Chris
tie, charged with forgery in connection
with the frauds perpetrated on the
Continental Building and Loan Asso
ciation of San Francisco, in which the
association was swindled out of about
5S0.OO0, was to-day adjudged not guilty
by a jury in the Superior Court. E. F.
Mastcrson, Christie's partner, who fled
to Germany at the time of the ex
posures and was arrested there and
brought back, testified during the trial
that Christie assisted in the perpetra
tion of the frauds. On the other hand,
A- J. Taylor, the other member of the
trio, who has already be^n sentenced
to five years in the penitentiary for his
part in the frauds, testified that Chris
tie was innocent of any criminal con
nection with the work.
Declares Him Innocent of Any Crimi
nal Connection With the Building
Association Frauds.
JCRY ACQUITS CHRISTIE
OF 1 CUAI1GE OF FORGERY
FRESNO, July 22.— After a separa
tion of forty-five years George Harris
and Mary J. Brooks, vrho vrere slaves
upon ths nnrr.e plantation, net in Fres
no yesterday, and each having lost a
loved one they decided to finish life to
gether, as they had cace planned. They
h£.d lived on an old plantation in the
State of Louisiana and were lovers
xrfct^. in 1SZ9. Harris iras sold to a
plainer living In Tennessee.
They both married in sStcr years.
llaxris is the lather of seventeen chil
dren, vrhU e the woman Is the proud
mother of fourteen. By chance tliey
m?t yesterday, and to-day went to Rev.
Father McCzrtr of St. John's Catholic
Church and were married. Mrs. Harris
hrs lived itcfi of hsr Ijk: in Ciacago,
cor-fc^g lo Fremo on z. visit to rela
tives, licr o?d stccc-l!?eart is a pioneer
rrt.lEni of this cit^. •
I-.ir.-is is C? years eld and she is €0.
Tee cc^-le vrU\ finish their da>-3 in
I'icexo Cccr>ty £t Harris' home, north
cf tawxx. T;-here ihs -larga faxcily of
thlrty-ons trill ba raised in old planta
tfcsn ctjlc-
Fprdal Dispute* to The CaJl.
REDDING, July 22.— When Simeon T.
Garrison appeared before County Clerk
Blodgett this morning to get a mar
riage license he could not think of the
name of his bride-to-be, and as a con
sequence was compelled to make a trip
home to refresh his memory. Garrison
is 69 years old, and the woman of his
choice is Elizabeth Stevens, aged 66
years, both residents of Stillwater,
twelve miles from Redding.
The aged lover was plainly excited
when he appeared In the Clerk's office.
Try as he might he could not recall the
name of his bride, and asking the Clerk
to wait a minute he started home, re
turning a few hours later, smiling and
happy. He had obtained the necessary
information. When he left the court
house he was the proud possessor of
the riece of paper with the big gold
seal that gave him the legal right to
become the husband of the woman of
his choice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, July 22. — Jim Durgin
thinks all there is in life is a prison
cell. He has tried the accommodations
in almost every county Jail in the San
Joaquin Valley, but they are too tame
for him and the visits do not last long
enough. He set fire to a train of box
cars on the Southern Pacific reserva
tion this afternoon and then gave him
self up, saying he wanted to go to the
penitentiary.. He was taken to Jail by
Deputy State Marshal Timmins.
"Don't you believe I'm crazy," said
Durgin. "I've got tired, of laying out
on a hard board every night and taking
a chance of some hobo murdering me."
His hopes will no doubt be realized, as
his latest crime is a felony. Several
months ago Durgin came to the Fresno
County Jail and asked to be placed in
side. Upon being refused he picked up
a large stone and threw it through a
window. He has Just finished serving
a three months' sentence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Both took morphine.
Each. told a friend that she had de
cfded that Stevens loved somebody else.
Each said she had nothing to live for.
That two" young women should kill
themselves In six months in fits of Jeal
ousy over one man is considered re
markable, especially as the man in this
case is an ordinary appearing young
fellow. Both young women were highly
respected. Miss Bowser was 19 years
old and Miss Ellison was 20.
After the death of Miss Bowser it was
said that Stevens and Miss Ellison
were engaged. The couple attended
the races this afternoon and had a vio
lent quarrel because Stevens was at
tentive to other girls. Immediately
after returning home Miss Ellison went
to her room and she was found an hour
later unconscious, dying at 7 o'clock.
She told a friend that she and Stevens
had quarreled and she had nothing to
live for.
MARION. Ind., July 22.— Six months
ago Miss Cora Bowser killed herself be
cause her lover. Ross Stevens, paid too
much attention to Miss Bertha Ellison.
To-day Miss Ellison ended her life be
cause Stevens was paying too much at
tention to other girls. Between the two
suicides there are these remarkable
parallels:
Both girls killed themselves for the
Fame man.
Both lived in the same house.
Both were engaged to the same man.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Has Tried Many County In
stitutions and Now Wants
a Taste of San Quentin
Bides Back to His Home to
Obtain the Necessary In
formation for the Clerk
Each Had Lost a Loved One
and They Quickly Decide
to Finish life Together
Youth of Ordinary Appear
ance Enacts the Bole of
Wholesale Heart-Breaker
BOTH TAKE MOBPHINE
SETS FIBE TO A TBAIX
MAKES LONG JOURNEY
BOTH MAEBIED BEFOBE
Two Girls in Indiana Town
Commit Suicide Under Ex
actly Identical Conditions
Memory of a Shasta Comity
Resident Fails Him When
He Applies for a License
James Durgin. Xurns Incen
diary in Order That He May
Be Sent to Penitentiary
After Separation of Porty-
Five Years They Meet by
Chance at Fresno and Wed
FORGETS NAME
OF HIS BRIDE
PRISON LIFE
TO HIS LIKING
DIE FOR LOVE
OF SAME MAN
FORMER SLAVES
JOIN FORTUNES
CLEVER MAID IS BETROTHED
TO A YOUNG BUSINESS MAN
The Fair Fiancee Is the=Only Daughter of the Household,
and Is a Girl of Wide Popularity, Attributable to Her
Great Charm of Manner — Wedding Occurs in October
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY 23. 1904.
5
FREE. FREE.
We are presenting to want ad-
vertisers in
SUNDAY'S CALIj
The round polished sliverless
WORLD'S FAIR TOOTHPICKS
Put up in Estes' polished. and
engraved - turned . wooden boxes.
BRING YOUR WANT ADS
TO-DAY.
" LITTLE CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY AT PLAY" KE WITH NMT SUNDAY'S CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS. "" ' : "l "
II Zl Triennial
S Conclave
Number.
e * * ¦¦
• There Is No
IN Other Maga-
1^ zine Giving So
_ Much Value for
Ithe Money.
A CALIFORNIA
MAGAZINE.
MONTHLY.
AT ALL NEWS STANDS
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities for, an
economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes. jj
For £.!1 isforcnation tpply to or tddiCM ij
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK. §
General Agent, Gen'! Agent Fiu'r Pept., fl
Chicago 4- North- Western R7. Union Pacific R. R. It
617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St. I
SAS FRASCISCO, CAL. 3
It Seems Queer
That people otherwise careful In theifl
dress will accept linen as it's usually
sent home by ordinary laundries — but.
perhaps, they dislike to '•kick." .
If we have it you won't have to kick—
we'll do that before you have the oppor-
tunity, for before each article leaves our
hands It must pass the critical inspec-
tion of an expert as to its finish and
cleanliness.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 MAEXET STEEET.
Telephone South 430. .
GONORRHEA' AKD tmiKABT DISCH1ESX8.
A CURE IX 48 HOURS.
Woman
Pm^TOwll MARVEL Whirling Spray
lW^^X^^AiflTto "«"» T> * ta » l »!»•¦*•. JV*-
*i£.vSCivCLS*^§iw hon and Suction. Be«t— 9»f-
'*P»r > v-^-^Tr^ i^ >> ri_ . ] 1 «¦«— Mo»t ConT«ni«nt.
, l«k rm JranM fcr tU \;-, ~ OV. ¦ ..i<T*^^**
If hf cannot »upply tha v. ft~Z*7:'"^::,:' r^r
MAKVKL. »coept no - ViB'% fc ««fci-*r>—
othrr. but send stamp for ' ?%.. t : "i,T%&\s
illustrated book-***'**. It gives \V. / *vJT
' lull particulars »nd(ltrfct:oii» la- ' fgtf '" O
Yalnable to ladie*. M.(RVRLCO v^J,tt.,,, II ff
41 rark lion, Sew York.
152 New Montgomery San Francisco. Cat. -
William Il-uteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224
Union Drug Co.. 4C0 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Osecod Brothers... 7tb and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 Ellis
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
' The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Ita own merit*.
NABER, ALFS & BRUSE. Agents. •-
828 Market St.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
Weekly Gall. $1 per Year
gSale \Ten Million Boxes a Year, g
E*$r3 Tho BEST HOT V/EAT HER WEDIClPiE >t *^vl
H tTm ,,, iMi cAwDY cATHAR Tj[^ | yw>is^^^ M
S PREVENT ALL SUM [TIER BOWEL TROUBLES t|
EgS Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as fra
ioj quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels H9
gj poisoned, thrown but of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, fej
pa dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and r;*j
Bfl the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper Ik 4
jpj thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body Kj
K9 every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. |,|
pjj You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and f i
pa healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not
HI harsh and violent In its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take | 3
||i in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or'griping, is Cascarets. ifl
SB All druggists. 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet pj
Kgr stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and pj
wl booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 955 JEMCOUNCILMAN MEESE RETURNS.—Oak
land. July 22.— Councilman Edwin Meese.
chairman of the Street Committee of the City
Council, has returned from his vacation in
Southern California. " '
STOCKTON. July 22.— G. W. Elsey.
a Stanislaus farmer, is exhibiting a
very fine specimen of fruit which he
calls the plumcoL It. is a combina
tion of plum and apricot and closely
resembles a small round tomato or a
Japanese persimmon. It has a plum
seed. The meat Is solid atnd stringy
like a plum, but it has a most pecu
liar flavor. Elsey states that the fruit
does not grow on the small branches
of the tree, as does the plum or ap
ricot, but that it Is attached to the
main- trunk of the tree by a very short
stem, looking when In" place like a
red bump on the trunk of the tree.
XEW SPECLMEX OF FRUIT
IS EXHIBITED AT STOCKTON*
Marriage Licenses.
; OAKLAND, July 22.— The following
j marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Lloyd C. In-
I graham, 29. and Maude M. Plopper,
21, both of Chicago; WillianvA. Dun
comonon, 36, and Mattie B. Robinson,
j 38, both of San Francisco; Manuel F.
i Cesaris. 51. Mission San Jose, and
I Maria Dolethea. 4 9. Haywards.
Jury Acnuits "Sam" Fisher.
BERKELEY, July 22.— A jury in
Justice Samuel's court to-day ac
quitted "Sam" Fisher, a saloon-keeper,
whose license was taken away from
him because of disorderly conduct, of
the charge of selling liquor without a
license. Three men testified that they
purchased beer and whisky at Fisher's
place end no defense wa3 attempted,
but the jury acquitted without hearing
truumcnL
Oini, FTRUCK RY A WAGOK.^-Oaklanil'
Julr 3— illr* Mar*! U-.lrcM. who !lv« at M5
Grc-re fctrft. vai knocked rfown and painfully
injured to~*a>- by a milk wxfcm «t th« corner
ef Thirteenth «.re*-t and. Broadway. Afttr b«r
ir.ltirin iww drevrt* by Dr. Bowie? ate wai
removed to tier bozae.
Arrested for Stealing Corn.
ALAMEDA, July 22. — Harry Helnze
and Walter Thede. San Francisco lads.
• were arrested thi« morning by Police
j man Charles Moebus for stealing corn
arid attempting to' take It* to*San.Fran
cisco. They ute detained In. the City
Prison awaiting advice fronvthe Dis
trict Attorney as tp what disposition
will be made of them.
OAKLAND. July 22.— The names of
twelve teachers who have been ap
pointed from the preferred list of pub
lic school teachers were announced by
the City Superintendent of Schools
this morning. They are" Nellie M.
Sturtevant, Edythe Chapman. Etta L.
Ogden." Carolyn Dinsmore, Helen Har
rington, Clara Burrows, Elizabeth
Whitney, Laura A. Wescott, Mae Ba
ker. Irene Hark.inson. Emma Stockton
and Genevieve McKeever.
Twelve New Teachers Named.
OAKLAND. July 22.— Articles of in-
J corporation of the Therman Fruit
I Company of Sunol were filed to-day
! with' -the County Clerk. The capital
etock of the corporation is (50,000,
divided Into shares of the par value
of $10 each. The directors are E. D.
j Carothers, H. "R. Rupert, E. G. Rupert,
JZ. E. Rupert, F. G. Rupert, J. W. Ru
pert and Irwin Passmore.
Form Fruit Company.
hand when the shot was fired. When
the testimony was all in the jury, con
sisting of A. Castln, A. M. Jackson. I.
Herman.. W. H. Nickelson, J. H. Solon
maker and J. H. Phillips, came to the
conclusion "that the wound might have
been self-inflicted, and that it might
have not." > Justice of the Peace James
G.*Quinh, -who conducted the inquest
in the absence of the Coroner, approved
ol tnfe verdict.
The evidence presented was not of a
nature that would dispel a mystery and
the jury returned an open verdict,
leaving the authorities to probe further
Into the matter, although there seems
but little disposition to do so. the sui
cide theory prevailing and all investi
getion seemingly having been dropped
Mrs. M. L.. Burrall, 614 Sixteenth
street, at whose home Dr. Hill resided
for about six weeks previous to his
death, told what she knew of the man.
and then John William Chard, of 3S<*
Geary street, San Francisco, who found
the body, testified. Chard's testimony
was similar. to the statements he has
already made, and when he had con
cluded Under Sheriff J. J. 1 Hanifln Jr.
was called. Hanifin told of his Investi
gation, but stated that he could find no
pistol, though, one might be concealed
In the underbrush near by.
' Dr.' O: "D. 'HarnUnf testified that he
had made the autppsy on the body of
•the^deceased, and the wound
might have -been self-inflicted had -the
deceased field the revolver in" his right
The Coroner's jury in the case of Dr.
Charles F. Hill of Los Angeles, whose
body, with a bullet in his brain, was
found In the Piedmont hills last v.eek,
was unable to decide to-night whether
the-case was one of murder or of sul
cidt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 22.
The "Prince" was somewhat taken
aback at the severity of the sentence,
as he returned the money taken from
the man and pleaded guilty, -and
thought that the limit was. too much.
Miss Mabel Falker, who, he says, has
promised to become his wife, was in
court to hear his sentence. She has
been loyal to him through his trouble
and as soon as he was sentenced .visit
ed .him 4n Jail. The, young woman' is
now trying to raise sufficient money to
pay the fine. -It Is thought that th>
Oriental furnishings in the "Prince's"
apartments at .105 Ellis, street, -San
Francisco, may bring '. the* necessary
sum. " •
Ramina Aramancha Singh, the self
styled Hindoo Prince, who declares he
is the son of the Maharajah of Lahore,
pleaded guilty to a charge of petty lar
ceny to-day before Superior Judge F.
B. Ogden and was sentenced to pay a
fine of J500 or to serve six months in
the County Jail. He was accused by a
eervlng man at Chris Buckley's ranch
of having stolen 562 50 and was arrested
on a charge of grand larceny. He sig
nified a willingness to plead guilty to
petty larceny. The Dlstrict_AUorney
eaid the case against him was weak
and advised that he be allowed to plead
guilty to the minor charge.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 22.
CHICAGO. July 22. — Edward
Schempp. eight years of age. was
burned to death and his father,
mother, three brothers and an uncle
severely burned in a fire that de
stroyed the grocery and living apart
ments of William Schempp yesterday.
It is believed that boys playing behind
the grocery with matches accidentally
set the building on fire.
Boys Accidentally Set Fire to Building
and One Lad Loses
His Life.
FIRE IX A GROCERY*
RESULTS IX FATALITY
Man Who Declares He Is Son
of Mahajarah of Lahore
Gets Six -Months ia . Jail
Mystery of the Death of
Dr. C. F. Hill Unsolved
by a Coroners Jury
FTXERAl. OK GEORGE R MOR53.—Oak
land. July "2. — Tit* fareral cf G»or«* R M»r»«.
who was murdered w MarysTiUe> by Claacie T.
Haak^ns of AUtrr.exla. was h»tj at 2 oc!<x - *
this afternoon from tlw rraiiieiie* cf hlj fatie-.
Harry >'. M«t»*. tn Kast •¦•*-..-.: Th« «r
rtees were eoaiucte<i by ti» Rev. M. S. Eaix^r.
OAKLAND. July 22.— Lloyd C. In
graham and Miss Maude M. Plopper,
both of Chicago and members of the
Elmer Walters theatrical company
now playing an engagement at the
California Theater In San Francisco,
were married hereto-day by Justice
of <he Peace W. R. Geary. The cere
mony was made very short in order
that the pair. could. get back in time
for the afternoon rehearsal. They
were accompanied by Mrs. 'Walters,
wife of the company's manager.
Stage Romance.
ThopiiLS B. Walker's Funeral.
OAKLAXD, July 22. — The funeral
of Thomas B. Walker/ who was
drowned in the Truckee River several
days ago, took place this afternoon
at 2 o'clock from James Taylor's un
dertaking parlors. The services were
conducted by the Rev. W. J. Speers
and the Rer. Mr. Baer and were held
under the auspices of the Knights of
Pythias and the Grand Army of the
Republic.
YERDICT STILL
LEAVES DOUBT
HINDOO PRINCE
PLEADS GUILTY
OAKLAND. July 22.— A suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Carri?. L.
Putnara against Albert Putnam on the
ground of cruelty. Divorces wer-i
granted to-day to Ethel V. LJpscomb
from Harry N. Lipscomii on ill-?
ground, of incompatibility; to J. d?
Young from Alice M. de Yonns on the
ground of desertion; Grace A. ilorsran
from David Morgan for desertion.
Marital Mistakes.
KiOs Biff Mountain Lion.
. OAKLAND, July. 22.— Deputy. Sher
fff Fred Murdock has returned from
a hunting trip in the mountains back
of Mount Hamilton. He brought back
ther skin of a California mountain lion
and the antlers of three deer. The
farmers of the district where the lion
wa» killed presented Murdock itith
a set of resolutions of gratitude for
killing the marauder, which had been
doing much damage to stock.
NEW YORK. July 22. — A sixty-five
foot automobile boat owned by Frank
C. Havens, a wealthy citizen of Oak
land. Cal., has been' partially wrecked
in the East River. Four men were
aboard and the boat was moving rap
idly when It collided with a car float.
Nearly six feet of the little craft's
stem was torn away and some of the
passengers jumped to the float, be
lieving their craft was about to sink.
A wrecking tug reached the scene
quickly, however, and hoisted the
auto-boat out of the water. It is not
known if the owner was aboard when
the collision occurred.
Auto Craft Owned by F. C. Havens or
Oakland Crashes Into a
Car Float.
CALIFORXLAX'S BOAT IS
WRECKED IX XEW YORK
"If this is to be a Wild West show
I want to have it understood that
there is but one circus ring and that
I will conduct that myself."
The suggestion for this curtain lec
ture is said to have come from the co
ed element in the classroom, who ob
jected to the way the young men were
cutting up in the back of the room.
BERKELEY. July. 22.— If there are
to be any circuses in his classrooms
during this summer school at the Uni
versity of California Professor Fred
erick Jackson Turner of the Univer
sity of Wisconsin and instructor in
American history, wants to run them
himself. In other words, he is going
to swing the whip and be the only
ringmaster. At least, that is what he
gave some of the men students to un
derstand when he spoke the following
words to-day in his class In history:
American Historian Objects to His
Classrooms B<?lng Tnrned Into a
Wild West Show.
PROFESSOR TURNER
RUNS WHOLE CIRCUS
Members of the Party Plan a Big
Rally at Hamilton Hall in
Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 22.— Members of
the Prohibitionist party of this clty
| will to-morrow evening at Hamilton
j Hall ratify the nomination of Swallow
I and Carroll. The principal addresses
of the evening will be delivered by
the- Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wi!*on of
San Francisco and J. M. Glass of Pas
adena.
The other speakers will be Miss
Ethel Cook. R. E. Blight, the Rev. E.
F. Dinsrnore, Harvey Parker, the Rev.
Thomas A- Boyer, the Rev. George
1 Morris, the Rev. E. A. Tade and the
Rev. Joseph Peale. -
PROHIBITIONISTS TO HOLD
RATIFICATION MECTIXG
OAKLAND. July 22. -The violent!
death of Michael Ahearn, the Oakland
man whose body was found yesterday [
in the Truckee River, near Reno, Nev.,
was predicted by a fortune teller and
expected by his family. So says his t
daughter, Miss Kate Ahearn. The '
young woman said to-day:
"Several weeks ago mother cr/nsulted 1
a clairvoyant, who, among other !
things, foretold father's tragic death. |
The fortune teller predicted that he •
would die by violence. Mother has |
worried greatly over the prediction j
ever since. It made a deep and lasting i
impr*>55icn.on her mind and she could
not get rid of It. When the news of j
fathers death reached us. it was what j
we all expected to hear."
Ahearn's home was at S25 Pine street,
this city, where his wife and three
daughters now live. His remains are
now at Reno awaiting shipment to his
family in Oakland.
Ahearn's skull was badly fractured
and there was a ror>e about his neck.
His body was found floating In the ¦
stream and the particular location of
the assault is uncertain. Robbery
seems to have been the motive for the
#crime. The victim's pockets I were
Ahearn is the second Oakland man
who has been found dead in the Truc
kee River within one week. Only a
few days ago the body of Thomas
Brown Walker was taken from the
waters of the river, but there Is no
evidence of a crime In this case.
Ahearn's body was badly mangled
when brought to Reno. His skull gave
evidence of a brutal assault, after
which a rope had been used In choking
the unfortunate man.
Mrs. Ahearn was not informed of the
tragic death of her husband until late
this evening. She could suggest no
explanation - of her husband's death,
but thought the motive for the crime,
if one had been committed, must have
been robbery.
Ahearn left Oakland about six
months ago. He had been employed
by the San Francisco Construction
Company, but took a position with the
Government in Nevada. He was em
ployed* In the construction of several
large irrigation canals In the western
portion of the State and received a
good salary.
turred inside out and a gold watch and
$100 in coin, which he Is known to have
had v.hen last seen alive, had disap
peared.
J&r.'XFgS&g'"** ta fc ' r
Mr *i T^ B - M ' !;rm » n '> «nd the MInea Curdta
ar# at JJcCrsj^. --old Hoir.eatead.- en th* f»u»!
• • • •
Th* J. C All*na have returned from Rowar-
.^m'. ?. ! * !>^ p * n>1 her ffc«"n!njr daugh
ter. Mi»» Cot<5*:j* Bishop, are home agaia after
a prolcnred ac^wrn at Rowardeaaan.
Aracr.* thoee who are rlannleir to vleit the
fSttfcSiiT.* th * fcn ar * Mr - ~*
w n » e \*=««*«-3 «na ©r. fihaKncB are drina c
»hreu*a Mendoclao County, maklac the trip la
••««, etarea ad ateppier wherever fancy dlc
tatw. They exr»ct to be away aboat two
*€t JC4.
Mr*. 11. L. Broad well hai n-tunnd frnra a
Flta«mt -rttut with Mr». T. a Ehanklaed ia
fccucrtra Cocnty.
Ur». J. C. Ettntj fca« alao »^st ««it c«rt!« for
f^rt and third Wedaeadara, at b«r home ca
Boc'.rvard Terrace.
Itn. A*a Vertaer M'r.*»r.h»:i hu »eat »>ut
h»r at »r»:« canU and wul receire th» Sm
ilorrfay cf each month.
Vr. as« Mr» A. W. KIrVIaad are arala «c
eaFTiar their Harrizoa-atreet botn«. ,
Ttm *t**z*tz*tA of ii:« II»i.l Ann*trt««
• a 1 ! G«or»" C. Jcfcnaen h*s b**n asnonnc'i
M:*« ArrMt'on« U * 'M rra£u*t* of the OiJc.
i*M H^h fcchocl mai «u preaMcst darter b»r
'.tat ye»r tt«r« of the Glrl«' Gl»« Club.
• • •
K:*» Ew«}ra n-oney i« eetertalsir.r M!s«
riorene* E^jxer at Eea Loaccd.
Kn. Itnim tJ.>-.'.*r is at L«» Gatoa.
On w»*-^-» t B*xt M . M Rvth Kait* win
Krr* a tvwizt p*rty en Vb* Uk* for K:«? Haa
ley.
A Isscboea at tfc« Pa3a Oartea ia Eaa
rrarrl»ro fcr 3ii*» J>? :r* Sar.bcra !» alra ca
tfc« jut ci tat«re«aa« trices voeui for c»xt
M f IK 1 ' ' - •
Ii •i«»i ifryw «rfcicl» way the «1&i
t;«>»«," t£*s w^j w* ta.*e * Vzm? •Kitztx. tor
t~»re «re prx&^oi and pUo» of . ;..-. j rr.-r * '.. -
• — *ir» t» tail* j.t»t« *» ,>-. 2 ** tbe elect
*re c*theret2 wittia Vc~. iica* UA4 *«ais.
Tt*r« are »»f»rai *sca*«<3 fir:* sto wili far
£-*!i a ct^nsisf »xct«e fcr »cjr nomter cf
«.*..v.r*?» *£a!r». M'«« Barker %iA Kin Tear*
wEi, cf eosr»i», fee csscii nSeftaSscd, *Jti*va*a
m** T&csjT« wediic* c** «-,rr.t t-x. tt,^ i,
J*n=ir cr C4C7 «ocial t*cor».
T^*= ti*re are at le»« two »ryr«5»rt»Tit«
***! * r * t^ ».t. ro»*. tat whirl! wUl do Crsztl
I* msr.vszicei at aota* «ar!y tan ertct.
Next w*«jt two we^iacjr «f <»ei*i<S«r*ti« la
tnr«t wfO tak* plat*, o&e r^.-je ttat c » V. ¦%
MLc* Ja.-ji«a »rd its. lU.~-.i-. a-d tt« other
cf StUa l'i >•:-.. Kert asd WUZlaia Jch=«»
Mlu Junta U a. *:»-.»r cf Viii I>wi:t:D«
-•a=***i. wta U a pr«si=*tt dicier ei tu*
<j*jc*x&l Cljrt>. Both ctrS* fcar« t~t- nrjca
lrt*r*»te<i la tb« e:i;b # « wcrk.
«* ""« l» » v»ry pr*ttr «irt— «. pro
r*x^cwl Uoiu>— *£d <S=rla« hw thrjn. •o'&ora
ia OaJritad tts takra t.-. active p&rt tn «--
er»: cf ti« larr* charitaJbie trmzs. V.tt
fUae*. Sir. Jotrjwa. ;» a. brother cf l{:.i
luL*. j^fczaca. the pcjralar yo-ca» bcvtxbo cf
t£i* dty.
'-.'.-:,>.:; Jc'y »— -T-tso are \^X--'~'~Z
U. Jack .;*:,•. *5«*ii 7 . Tb* «.*- >-l-i axe
t**a dcaetf i-jr w«*fct *r* «ikl=* o^, as it
w«ne. *&s kzSILz* t'.«>:ti^iy ax tt« ftreet
By Zof. Gnm Radcliffe.
WEDDINGS.
MICHAEL. AHEARX, WHO WAS MURDERED AXD ROBBED VSAR PE^O NEV I
AND WHOSE TRAGIC DEATH WAS, ACCORDING TO HI3 DAUGHTER.' FORE
TOLD SEVERAL. WEEKS AGO BY A FORTUNE TEX.LER- ..
CHICAGO, July 22. — Work is to be
gin at once on the new terminal and
storage plant of the Illinois Tunne!
Company to be constructed on- the
dock property just purchased alortsr
the west side of the river extending
north from Taylor street. It proba
bly will be the largest structure built
for such purposes, being twelve sto
ries and covering a ground space 440
feet wide and 693 feet long. The
building will be constructed five sto
ries below the street level and seven
stories above it- The floor on the
street level will be a vast covered
freight yard foV the receipt and ship
ment of goods^over the steam roads.
In the sub-basement fifty feet below
will be the freight yard for the tun
nel service, with switch tracks and
Iine9 leading underground to every
part of the business section of the city.
Illinois Tunnel Company Will Erect
Structure Twelve Stories In
Height.
CHICAGO TER31I>"AIj TO
- BE GREAT BUILDING
Deputy Coroner Henry Quellin of
Oakland was notified and secured per
mission for the Health Officer. Dr. L.
W. Stidham, to have McCarthy's body
taken to Berkeley. An autopsy to de
termine the cause of death will be
held. McCarthy rras a widower, 6S
yearn of age, a native of Boston, Man.
ALAMEDA, July 22. — Cfaariea B.
McCarthy, a mining man residing at
23*3 Bancroft Way, Berkeley, dropped
dead this afternoon at the corner of
Santa Clara avenue and Webster street
after alighting from an electric, car.
After he f e!l McCarthy .wa* conveyed
into the West End pharmacy, and Dr.
C. R. Leech was irummoned to attend
him, but found life extinct.
Charles B. McCarthy of B«TkeIey Dies
.Suddenly in Alameda and An
xrrp*j Will B« Held.
ALIGHTS FROM ELECTRIC
CAR AXD DROPS DEAD
Lizzie Feila La the sister of Magda-
I»na Fella, who committed suicide hurt
February because her lover, John An
derson, had deserted her.
ilana'ri Frates, who lived at 317 East
Sixteenth street, is 17 years old. and
Lizzie FeHa la II. They met for the
first tine at the benevolent society's
p!cnic The stepfather cf the supposed
bride denies that ehe has eloped and
savs that she is stin in this city. No
one has seen her, however, since last
Sunday. - -
Joseph lived with his parents at VJi
East Fifteenth atr^-eC and Jessie SCva
lived next doer. The families cf each
knew that the young people were
friends, bat did not dream that they
levers, and the elopement has
corse as a great surprise. The parents
cf each lay the blame for the elope
ment cr>cn the other. Pacheco is 20
years of age and Miaa SOva ts 17.
Four young p<*>P'e of East Oakland
are missing from their homes and their
families are Inclined to believe that
th»y are participants la a dotible elope
ment. The yosr.g folks are Jessie Silva,
Lizzie Fella, Joseph Pach«?co and Man-
Ufl Frates. AO four disappeared sirp
ultar.eo-jsly last Sunday after attend
in? a s-icr.ie given by the
Benevolent Society at Shell Mound
Park. The r>nl7 one cf the fonr who
has since b^en seen is Joseph P-icheco,
who czzi* home Monday mamln?, put
on his best clothes, took some money
that he had saved and left the houae.
Oakland Of3ce San Francisco Call,
Mil Broadway, July 22.
- The body was first recognized, by a
friend who came from San Francisco
this morning, a man who. did not leave
his name with the Coroner. When the
news got abroad that the -body" of
"Jack" Spires was in" the Morgue a
number of his old friends in to-wn rec
ognized at once that he was the man
,who formerly lived and worked in
"Berkeley. Among those who identified
him were W. R. "Wright, George
Thompson, S. J. Sill, Fred Foss and
H. F. Dikeman. This evening H. H.
Cory of the Union League Club of San
Francisco 'identified Spires. .
Mr. Cory said that he met him a
week ago In San Francisco white he
was walking along Ellis street. Spires
was then standing, near Corbett's sa
loon in company with Frank Moses, for
merly of Woodland, which was also the
home of "Spires. Mr. Cory said that
he* had never heard that Spires was
married or that he ever masqueraded
under an assumed name.
Spires was a heavy drinker and the
theory, regarding his death is that he
came to Berkeley while under the in
fluence of liquor and wandered about
until he came to the spot in the hills
where his body was found and lay
down, there contracted a chill that re
sulted first in congestion of the lungs
and heart and finally in death. The
autopsy physician's findings bear out
this theory and there is not any sug
gestion of foul play.
Spires was a native of Woodland and
32 years of age. He was reared by his
grandfather, S. G. Baker of "Woodland,
his parents being dead. His only other
relatives are an aunt. Miss Ella Baker
of Woodland, and Mrs. Lee La rue of
Yountyille, his sister. The body will
be shipped to Woodland for burial and
the inquest will be held next Wednes
day night.
J. R. Lame and L. A. Larue of San
Francisco, brothers of Mrs. Larue's
husband, identified Spires' body to
night. J. R. Larue said:
••Spires had been knocking around
San Francisco for several months
since he left Woodland. He dranS
heavily and in his cups would go to
Berkeley, his former home. A month
ago he was there while drinking. For
some time Spires had no steady work,
spending most of his time around re
sorts in San Francisco."
S. Jackson Spires is the name of the
man whose body was found In Co-ed
Canyon on the" State University
grounds yesterday by James von Loben
Sels. The identification is positive, hav
ing been fixed by a sister of the man
and ¦ half a dozen "other people who
knew him as "Jack" Spires when he
was an employe of the Pacific Coast
Lumber Company four years ago in
Berkeley.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, July 22.
There were 1000 men in line. Roman
candles were fired as the parade
marched up the street and red fire Il
luminated the thoroughfares. The com
mittees having the affair in charge are
as follows:
Arrangements — Martin Gregorvitch,
F. G. Fentlman, C. Co well, G. Sherman.
C. W. C. McBride, T. Vojuoda, J. Gril-
Ilch, B. Sears, Harry E. Moore.
Reception — Mrs. A. Babbendorfe, Miss
May Babbendorfe. Miss Maggie Ken
nedy. Alec Babbendorfe, Blass Cleclak.
J. Cooperi E- Weir, T. Cletkovich, S.
Kirchum. Efan Klernan.
Entertainment— F. G. Fentiman, Ben
jamin Sears, William J. Jensen, C. W.
C. McBride, J. Baccassia.
The headquarters were filled to over
flowing. Letters of regret at not being
able to attend were read from Mayoi
Eugene E. Schmitzof San Francisco
and Mayor OIney of this cityy who is
away on his vacation. Speeches were
made by various officers of the differ
ent organizations.
-The parade started at First and
"Webster streets, where the 9 o'clock
train from San Francisco was met by
the local- unions. Five extra coaches
attached to the regular train gave ac
commodation to fhe visitors who at
tended with a band- From First and
Webster streets the parade went up
to Broadway and up Broadway to
Fourteenth, down Fourteenth to Wash
ington, down Washington to Eighth,
thence to the headquarters.
The Cooks* and Waiters" Internation
al Alliance held a reunion and eight pa
rade here this evening augmented by a
large number from San Francisco
unions.
The occasion was a general social
planned by the local unions to which
were invited unions Nos. 30. 41. 44 and
110 of San Francisco. Unions 31 and 523
of Oakland were the hosts. After the
parade the throng was taken to the
headquarters at Eighth street and
Broadway, where refreshments were
served. • .
Oakland OfSce San Francisco Call.
101S Broadway, July 22.
Deputy St»iifl RelJIy, •aho was sent
to the scene of the &Szir, rerxrrta that
th-ire 2.7* fourteen- b-sHet ho!^ in the
rtati&n buildlss aad be wo-uld cot be
rarprl#ed to hear" tfcat «os* of the
tr-en tr^re «-&an<3ed. The fire of the
oScers was well directed and th*y
rsast have made it very warm for the
men inside. The door to the inner
• See had i*^*n hroJcen In. but no plua
<'.'¦- ni Becure^. "Whether the robbers
had reason to su^pos* a considerable
turn was ic^pt there, of what th»ir pur
pc«* wa?. It a niattfr of spectilatiorL
Owing ta the rsperior number of the
rrer: and the fact that the de^uti 1^
¦»ere on fo^t with no or» amisuriitioTi.
L>«art^5m ar.d Iteniock gave tip the
cttaae.
It it« r^ari7 3 o'clock tfcis momins
vfcea tfc« dep-tirs saw two rren actiag
t.>;:-ioc?ly c*ar the railroad track at
FruiTvai*. Th«?y be«as to -waUli the
n~.Ti aji-i *a the latter r»tr*ats4 do^wTi
vi;^ irark tn-arard S«tfc*r tb<rT follo-w<?<l
Ihisi. As th^ :.". r. spproach^d the sta
tion they west arrrurd the b^iidiris ar:d
«rer< B*ea co caore. The c'Stera ap
proached the place asd -when trfthto
a ?b</rt dirtansre of it they 'xere flrerd
to the itTTCcfi and then their
pistols retsrried the fire. Both sides
f-'/ori yrj^-t tfc*ir asrirsaciticr^ When
the *r:ris c*-asfi six. ciea "were s^-es to
erzerg* iroza the statiari ari rue off
liimud the road, -xhere Cbcy all clirnl>*d
lr.to a m-Rg^-; wbicti had not been co
ticed zr.d <lrrj\* ol.
l>eyrtr CcrzrLatl'-a DBtrbcm «r;d liu:
ecck Kl Fr-aItT*:e ab<Tr: 2 o'clock ttis
rr-orr^ris -p*r»^d £r& C7>on them ax.4 a
taiile tr: -srhieii thirty shcts wm ex
ctzsgvA toek pl*ccr Tbs nici-were in
th» PrctfMrra Pfcrtik? station at Sa.tl»r
•.r-; ti.2 Trufl-ll^s wm rid.i:*-*l trlth b-ille;
ho'.eas. Ttfi robten »<cA7>^d by drfYtnc
off ts a w«j?-yn tb*y tail hitcied cot
liT tte uadoTi. Th* p:a« had
b^*r. rarsickc-d for cds. bet A?»r.t
Fr^d C N-Lsca ha'l l«flt noL?- there and
OaXUuni Ones Sari FntrdKo Car,
They Entertain 3Iembers
From San Francisco, Who
Attend Social in Numbers
Finding's of the Autopsy
Physician Clear Away
Suggestion of Foul Play
E cf San P*W;> avesu*. E 4-> tr s 151.57.
penica Jot 4<J. **=*. . Oaiilaad Tcaraahip; t
D. L. ar<3 Addle D. Joarck <«rlfe» to S. A.
H'_:»a. let c= 5^ ccra^r of Sliattack •rr='3».
• -. ett*blia£«d by TrjO-sSias *a;»! trnue to ft!
?*-:. a=d D>U*ir« •-..-«¦?:. ? 53.71 tj E 3.^.
P«.rti<m Iota 9 as<l I'.*, block A. P«rrr Tratt.
Berkeley; $10; J
Mary EL Wilson to Saiiaa E. a-d I. FtCfc""
*rc* WSl*ca <.iau«htrrsi. lot ca 3 li=« of Ui.
ver»i:y aveaa*. 135 E fro=j E line «f ri«M of
way of California and Nevada :.i - :., • Coea-
P^ay ijccailcnir^i by d#cre» cf Sajenc*
Court. r» D. 2M a&i MS D. Tli. tlt«ac« 3
ir7.«4 try E 41. pcrtica plat **. KeUer»t>*rjsr »
caj. Raach^ V. azi D. P-ral^a, Ejr4e:?T
a:*o all ether !aai3 cf £tk rarty Ja sali town
cf Berkeley. Sr«t jar:7 r««Tvw life ertat*.
B*rk#>y; rift.
¦W. G. and N>::> A. Brit: ti X-Jrtiera Ca:i
femia I=rroTeE?=t Cosapaay lot - on E lir—
cf Eilsircrti str*fl. S1.6» S of Ru3*»J^ 3 5i
by W »\ veniza !.«. 11, t!xi C. Siberian
Tract. Berkeley; flO.
Robert L. aad Lies Ager» to Lwmaa AU*i
let ca W line of R«r?rtt <Maaca> aTursa-.
eO.1T S cf E-a-isht way S » W l^» x 3»>
e :;» let z. • . ' v e» eta? Uocka a ;¦» o
cf nap 3. HlT.esaj* Tract. Berieley; «1»
Kat> L. and G. L, Pirr arvi as attsraer
to Fraac^a Ne:*w» i-rniOcmi, k>t «> 3 !ia« af
To=pk'-s cr Or»r?3 street. y»> E of DTrSa»:;-»
rr JUgee. E 40 by S IZ3, pcrtsca let 4» kloct
«. S:at# Tntverstty Hsasestsa.! Assoelatica
Xi». 3. E*rk»S#y. <5urtc:ai=; d*e<!: J5.
Frances NeJsca •widow) to £ k TTo— a.
sarre. Bsrke!ey; J10.
A. W. Car> <*y A. Ko*=;^ a=i TT. F Kr™r.
trcstees* t» «aas«. TS* I>. IS7. »a=e. E«rk»!?y*
trustees* deed; f"-5
F. and K". m: :>. A. EcsJer t» »*=e. l=: or»
5 Uae tif Orrrsa ttree:. f-raer!y Ttarkir^
Ctd W of Grant. frT=ertT Ralrtca 'C t~) »-r
S 135. lot 3. blo:k S. sans* cap. Berkeley- ti«>
r»«I». let on Ntt comer «* D£vR«t4 asd U :«»
«ver.u« W 4fl:»H X 127:91,. E W;1V S UH.
•lid V* 4 T * : T* ra? r" Te=1Je . 1 !? c^ s ?» i - o* 5 "
T A. sad Arsa L Wtit« toQ. A. &rceai«::.
lit ce & Iie* of Sanla F» arersa* 411 15 w c"
Saa Pal>:» aTesa». W «) bjr 3 ICtC* k*a »
Sfcifey ?" tt '" :ia:a M - B«tcer»- Tract,
Harr^/t A. arrf Harry G. Craft* t» Rofvrt
Le* Fonj-j. »e* en S <rf Forty- -rcaih
*:r»*t. 9*3.21 E cf San Pab^> ¦JIllBi. E V> by
S 151 57. portion of lot 4^. C. Mesial: irate.
e:c. Ens«rj-viU«. Oakland Towosfcio: *i
Sa.-e ti Jace O. Scu.'e (wjr» cr WCUa H.i.
lot ca 5 U"* cf Frrty-s«virnih ttr?«t, SCILtk
Ahtzr&ti* Onrntv.
FTI'DAT. XCXT Z2.
; J-xhva R. 16-arf « aL m Jc**;a Karri* 'M
i SX&Zgo!" s ™- ¦? * "»• ¦¦? ***
J»=-.e« t» a-,4 Br*;?-- If Xarsa T.-> J ?
; Myers. iot <a W aa« i* Ittrirt riM S3 a ~f
c. Hr=i-u» *=* c. e. Ma«;Mtat S
Louis TScrap«.n. 7fO D L57 >.-. « ;; .-* .
fc7 N im. let* 5 a=d 4>!. llrr* (Q« eu, j^..
W«lcx let ca NT Baa s» Za#? E**tJ»-Va
i^i «w tM? Xs " *" 5S^S^
SfS^Sr*^ IJ * «=• S '— •" '* Aia^«,
v fe££iEs5 E K 5 5 K4ir^
i^£f? A' V^J 0 - p< «a:^. Berkeley: «1».
L;w Hi^^^i° 5 s w I **•
v R «° rf aad M^-T Gray to C. B. ».-.<J Csthcn
OKU my, <«:« E cf Cr^ e E j,*- ,J-%J,
D if««« cf tea - a ud » Keck 3X».
Icvoe E ecru? of :.:-.--. , . — .- Ul j
§««*«. NE 1=T?&. SE l,r- O. gW 117 n
N» U»/-Ieu 1 to 4; .----:.- Tncu O**£ati
REAL ESTATE TRAJfSACTIOXS.
Joseph Pacheco and Manuel
Prates Disappear With Jes
sie Silva and Lizzie Fella
LOVERS MEET AT OUTING
Bobber? Ot No Booty, but
Escape Safely in Wagon
After Battle Is Ended
HOT FIGHT. AT STATION
LIFTS VEIL OF MYSTERY
TWO THOUSAND IN LINE
Two Youn? Couples Desert
Their Homes, Causing Sen
sation in East Oakland
Men Exchange Thirty Shots
With Depnty Constables
Dearborn and 3Iiirdo<k
Body Found in Berkeley
' Hills Identified as That
of S. '.Jackson Spires
Oakland Cooks and Waiters
Hosts at a Social Event
at Their Headquarters
For.une-T^ifer Predicts Violent End of Oaktender Work
ing on GDvernment Job in Nevada—Wife snd Daugh
ters Prepared for Sad News That Told of the Murder
BURGLARS FIRE
UPON OFFICERS
PICNIC LEADS
TO ELOPEMENTS
GIVE A NAME
TO DEAD MAN
MANY UNIONS
GO ON PARADE
MICHAEL AHEARN'S TRAGIC
DEATH PROPHESIED BY SEER
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAX FRAXOISCO GALL, 'SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1904.
MISS TURNBULL RELEASED.— Oakland
July 22. — Miss Eva Turnbnll. who eluded the
police about six months ago by climbing down
a water pipe attached -to. the «td« of the Wind
sor Hotel, was to-day set at liberty In th»
Police Court. She was accused of haying stolen
* cheaa locket from Enutouel Derosa,
6
OAKL4.VD.
1016 Kr&atJway.
Tetephflm* Jfafcj JM3.
KKKKELET.
2HS Outer Strret-
Telrfcbone 3T<srTh 77.
AJLAM£3>A-
14ZZ part Sirm.
Telepfcoc* Aiacxrda 5S3.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
AIA3IEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISED 1EXTS.
Aching Teeth
Delay Business
A*' a matter of fact, however, teeth
never-*, ache — It is the nerves. Never
mind, call it what you like. w» can cura
|t. We will save the achers if possible.
That is. if you wish. Or will extract
them without pain. Fln« dental woric
for little money
Gold Tilliars. .31.00 Silver TUUar*- - - 50o
Gold Crowna..S3.00Porc«Uia Crowds S3
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 TATZ.OS ST., SAM PSA2TCXSCO.
973 "WaBatasrtoa S«* Oxklxad.
Saa Jcio. ._ • . _ • _ • - _ Sacrunuta,Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
The schooner Defender sailed yesterday for
Mahukona with an assorted " cargo consigned
to Honotpu and Puako valued at (12.553 and
I deluding the following: 250 bbls flour. 1S.000
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
TVie bark Star of Bengal (at New Tork) is
chartered for merchandise, thence • to Sydney,
wltSi option of Melbourne or Adelaide; lump
sum.
Pern Sails To-Day.
The- Pacific Mail Company's liner Peru will
¦ail to-day for the isthmus of Panama and
way ports. She will carry a full cargo, twen
ty-five, cabin, twenty-five steerage passengers
and twelve Chinese. "
.Arrives From Swansea.
The French ship Vauban, which arrived
here yesUerday, 148 days from Swansea, ended
an uneventful voyage when she dropped anchor
in quarantine. She brought 2908 tons of coal.
Bringing Many Japanese.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner China,
which Is due. to-morrow from the Orient, Is
bringing among her passengers more than 200
Japanese laborers, who are under contract to
go to Mexico. The China is bringing many
cabin passengers, among them Paul Cowles of
the Associated Press, who has 'been in. the
Orient directing the gathlring of the war news.
Make; i a Record Trip.
The schooner Ifonoipu of this port has one*
more given .eviclence of -the possession of a
smart pair of hoels. She arrived on Thursday
at Newcastle. Australia, having winged - her
way from the port of Launceston, 540 miles
distant, in thiiee days. This is a run fre
quently made by sailing vessels trading to
the Australian, coast and the Honolpu's per
formance is thlii to be the best on record
and by a wid« tnarrln.
The Honoroa was built at Alameda in 1898
by Hay A Vfright. She is owned by Hind.
Ralph & Co. of this city. She is a four
masted schooner of 520 tons register and re
puted & sp«*ay traveler. rr; ;¦•::'.;
State of California, for San Diego; stmr Bo
nita, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 22— Stmr Cottage
City, for Skarway. July 21— Stmr Geo
Loom Is for San Francisco.
Arrived July 21— Stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way. July 22— Stmr Farallon, from Skagway.
Arrived July 22 — Stmr Umatllla, hence
July 10.
SKAGWAY— Sailed July 21— Stmr Jefferson,
for Seattle. ' m .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 22— Schr
Edward R West, from Honolulu.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 22— Nor stmr
Tellus, hencs July 18 for Ladysmith.
Passed out July 22— Br stmr Wyefleld. from
Nanalmo, for San Francisco; schr Annie M
Campbell, from Port Gamble, for San Fran-
I Cisco.
; ASTORIA— Oft cort July 22— Schr Inca,
i from Honolulu.
Arrived July 22— Echr Inca. from Honolulu.
TACOMA— Sallel July 22— Ship Henry Fall
ing, for Sydney.
Arrived July 22— Ship Gov Robie, from Port
! Townsend.
EVERETT— Sailed July 22— Schr Forester,
for San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 22. 5 p m—
Stmr Grace Dollar, for San Francisco; 8 p m —
stmr Asuncion, for San Francisco.
PORT IX>S ANGELES— Arrived July 22—
Stmr Alcatraz, from Grenwood.
NEWPORT— Sailed July 22— Stmr Acme,
for San Francisco. . .
COOS BAY— Arrived July 22— Stmr Break
water, hence July 21.
ISLAND PORT. T
HONOLULU— Arrived July 22— Stmr Ala
meda, hence July 16.
Sailed July 21 — Stmr American, for Kahului.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Sailed July 15— Br ship Crown
of Germany, for Royal Roads.
¦ SAGNES — Passed July 21 — Br stmr Vulcan,
,from New York, for Manila.
COLON— Sailed July 20— Stmr Advance, for
New York. •"
Arrived July 9 — Br stmr Cralgneck, from
Norfolk. : .---.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 21— Ger bark
Masdalen?. for Antwerp.
MELBOURNE— Arrived July 6— Ger ship
Lika, from Port Gamble.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 22— Br stmr
Coptic, hence June 22.
NEWCASTLE. AUS — Arrived July 21— Schr
Honolpu/ f rom * Launceston. A '
TENERIFFE— Arrived prior to July 22—
Ger. stmr Anubis, j hence March 25 for Ham
burg.
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 21— Stmr City of
Sydney, for 6on Francisco.
KAICHOU— Arrived July 21— Schr Henry
K Hall, from Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived July 22— Stmr Island,
from Copenhagen etc; stmr Bulgaria, from
Hamburg: stmr Lucania, from Liverpool and
Queenstown. . ,
Sailed July 22 — Stmr Cedric ' for Liverpool.
DOVER — Sailed Julv 22 — Stmr Deutschland.
from Hamburg, for New Yorg, via Cherbourg
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 21— Stmr Cale
donian, from Boston, for Manchester; stmr
Carpathia, from New Tork. July 22 — Stmr
Baltic, from New York.
Sailed July 21 — Stmr Michigan, for. Boston;
stmr Celtic, for New .York, via Queenstown.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 22— Stmr Bel
gravla. from New York.
LEGHORN — Arrived July 21 — Stmr Peru
gia, from New. York, via Naples and Genoa.
QUEENSTOWN-rArrived July 22— Stmr
Cymric, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.'
MOVILLE— Sailed July 22— Stmr Olnonlan,
for Montreal.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 22— Stmr Prin
cess Alice, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen, i and proceeded.
United.' States Coast and Geodetic Survey
, Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
r SATURDAY. JULY 23.
Sun, rises 5;04
Sun sets '. .... '. ." . . .7 :27
Moon sets 1:55 a. m.
0 iTlmel • (Time! Tlmel . Time
» 1 Ft. 1 Ft. \ Ft. Ft
» |L,W\- H W L W) H W .
23 2:37 0.0 9:31 4.3 1:01 2.0 8:27 BO
24 3:28 — 0.4 lO:2fi 4.3 2:55 3.0 0:18 5.9
25 4:12—0.6 11:12 .4.5-3:46 3.110:00 5.7
26 4:50—0.611:57 4.6 4:30 3.110:44 5.6
27 5:28—0.5112:34 4.7 5:10 3.111:22 5.3
28 | 6:02|— 0.3|, 1:10! - 4.7| 6:56| 3.0..... .....
¦ NOTE — In the -above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand -column and tha successive, tides of the
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 22.
Stmr Centennial, . Strand, 78 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodgera. \
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 55 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Scotia. Hansen, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson. 15 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, 5 days and 20
hours from Portland, via Eureka 22 hours. ,
Fr ship Vauban, Le Danytic. 148 days from
Swansea,
Bark Chas B Kenney, Salveeen, 97 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
R?yes. ¦ •
Schr Compeer, Lapping, 10 days from Ana
cortes.
Schr Halcyon, McDonald, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Vanes, Tietjen, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 22.
Ger stmr Ramses, Blelenberg, Hamburg via
Seattle, Tacoma and Vancouver; J D Sprec
kels ft. Bron Co.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin, Uaalaska, via
Dutch Harbor; North American Commercial
Company.
Stmr Santa ; Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Hawaiian. Delano, Honolulu, via • Se
attle and Tacoma: Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Bark G«o Curtis. Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Schr Cxarina, . Sand Point; Union Fish
Company.
SAILED.
Friday, July 22.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. Half moon Bay.
Stmr Westoort. Smith, Westport.
Stmr Eureka. Jeasen, Eureka.
• Stmr Coos . Bay. Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. Union Landing.
Stmr Czarina. Schmalz, Pirate Cove.
" Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen. Grays Harbor.
Ger stmr Ramses. Blelenb*rg, Van
couver, 1 etc. • -V». '
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Giosy, Gray. Moss Landing.
Stmr Hawaiian, Delano. Honolulu, Tacoma
and Seattle. , ;r
. Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma.
Schr Bisaie K. Stark, San Vicente.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jansen, Coqullle River.
Schr Jennie Grlfftn. Gibson. Bollnas.
Hchr Defender. Helllngsen, Mahukona. ' . '.
Schr Sophie. Chrlstensen, Lundvaldt, Grays
Harbor. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LO BOS, July 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC : PORTS.
PORT TOWNSKND — Arrived July" 1 21 — Ship
James Drummond, from Manila. . July 22 —
Schr Okanosran, . from Manila, for Port
Gamble.
Sailed July 21— Schr for Port
Blakeley. .
¦ Sailed July 22— Schr Spokane, for San Fran-
NEWPORT— Sailed July 22— Schr ' Bertha
Dolbeer. for Eureka..
¦ Arrived July 22 — Stmr Acme, from • San
BANDON— Sailed ' July 21— Schr RIoRey
for. San Francisco. July 22— Stmr Chlco, for
Portland. * ; . .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July 22— Schr An
nie M Campbell, for San Francisco;. schr Spo
i kane. for San Francisco.
1 SANTA. BARBARA — Sailed July . 22 — Stmr.
Mongolia Not Badly Damaged.
The vagrant chain r/Scked up in the China
Sea by th« propeller of the liner 'Mongolia
did not do eo much damage as had been
feared. The big steamship is on Hunters
Point drydock and erjrly yesterday morning,
th>.- gigantic basin having been emptied of
water, representatives of the company. In
surance adjusters. United States Inspectors
and a small army of machinists gathered un
der the liner's lofty stern to clear away the
chain and investigate the extent of the dam
aze.
One blade of the propellor was considerably
bent and two othev blades bore dents where
the revolving chain had struck. The cone,
at the extremity of the shaft, which furnishes
protection to th» big nut which holds on
the wheel, was fMftshed to pieces. .
Repairing the dnmage will be a simple mat
ter and comparatively inexpensive. While on
the drydock the Mongolia will be cleaned and
painted.' She will be taken off Sunday.
JUDGE COXLAN* ASKS FOR
BAIL CLERK FOR COURTS
PARRY REPLIES TO REPORT
OF SECRETARY MCCARTHY
"If the Supervisors refuse to make
the appointment," said the Judge yes
terday, "I will appoint a clerk for my
own court and pay him a salary.
Sometimes a batch of receipts for .bail
money is handed up to me for orders
on the Treasurer and it is too much
to ask us to go through the records for
days back in many instances for the
purpose of ascertaining the disposition
of the cases, besides writing out the
orders. That work should certainly be
done by a responsible clerk."
Police Judge Conlan, as Presiding
Judge, has sent a communication to
the Board of Supervisors asking for
the appointment of an additional clerk
for the Police courts, to be known as
the bail clerk. He suggests that as
the position would be a responsible
one the clerk be placed under bonds.
Since the scandal some years ago in
connection with the misappropriation
of orders for the return of ball money,
the Police Judges have been doing
clerical work in writing out all such
orders, and, as they are not under
bonds, the city would have to bear
the loss if a mistake were made.
bend* Commxxnication to the Board
of Supervisor*, in Which He Sets
Forth His Reasons.
STEADIER IAQUA LIBELED
FOR SALVAGE SERVICES
The cost of this work, as per bid of E. M.
Graney. would be 1650*4 horses with new
shoe* at $2 60 per horse, $4125 25; and
i'<22>a horses reset, $2045. making a total of
$6171 25. or a gain to the city of $301 63 by
letting the shoeing out by contract at these
prices.
Fire Commissioner Parry has writ
ten a statistical letter to Mayor
Schmitz regarding Secretary McCar
thy's report on the cost of shoeing
Fire Department horses. The secre
tary's figures were that the cost of
shoeing is $1 77 a horse. Commenting
on the figures the Commissioner says
that the outlay by the city has been
larger than reported. He concludes
his communication with the following
statements:
Secretary McCarthy's report Intends to con
vey the impression that $3588 71 for salaries,
S10G3 17 for material and $91 for fuel, making
a total of $4742 &8 was the total cost of shoe
ing all the horses of the department for the
year, and on which be bases his average of
$1 77 per horse. But to get the actual cost
all the expenses must be included, and to the
above must be added $75 per month, or $900
per year for salary of the ,man who brings the
horses from the various engine houses to the
shop and returns them after being shod. Two
horses and one wagon are used in this work,
for which $25 per month, or $300 per year,
will be a very low figure: $15 P« month, or
$1*0 per year, for po*'«r uwd In shop, to say
nothing of tools and apparatus used by these
employes; cost of 3533 shoes used in this fiscal
year and paid for out of the previous year's
funds. $.t50. making a total of $1730 added to
the $4742 88. making a total of $6472 88 for
shoeing the department horses for the fiscal
year 19C3-4.
Commissioner Shows Why Graney's
Figures Are Less Than Horse
Shoring Now Costs.
Notice to Passengers.
Baccate transferred to and from all trains,
rtr*m*rs. etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sln-
K\f trip) 35 cent*; round trip 50 cent*. Morton
Special Delivery. 3O8 Taylor et.. 650 Market
et.. Oakland Ferry Depot- Phone Exchange 46*
Captain Walvig and the officers and
crew, of the steamer Rival filed a libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court against the steamer Iaqua for
salvage services rendered on January
31. 1903.
The complaint recites that on that
date, within twenty-four _ hours' sail of
San Francisco, the Iaqua. having
broken a crank pin, was at the mercy
'of the waves and displayed signals of
distress; that the signals were ob
served by the Rival, which went to her
assistance and towed her and a valu
able cargo of lumber into port on
February 1. The court is asked to de
termine and, award the sum due for
salvage.
The bark C. B. Keriney, which arrived yes
terday. 97 davs from, Newcastle, , Aus., re
ports that she experienced heavy weather in
the South Pacific. While riding out a strong
southerly gale she sighted a aquaxe-rtgged
vessel in latitude 25 degrees 25 minutes south,
longitude 1«7 degrees 147 minutes east. The
stranger was making bad weather of it, with
her forrtoomast and jibboom icone. She was
leaking, with the pump* going constantly. The
pea was so rough and the atmosphere no thick
with mist and clouds that the half-wrecked
vessel's name could not be made out, nor
could the Kcnney get near to speak her.
Kenncy in Bad Weather.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION— Twenty
four sergeants in the Police ( Department yester
dav took th« clvl1 service examination for pro
motions to lieutenants. This was held in the
fclrls' High School. •
The freighter American of the
American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany went ashore yesterday morning
on Kamolo Point, IslanA of Molokai,
in the Hawaiian group. ? Later she was
floated off and resumeci her voyage.
She was bound from Honolulu to Ka
hului for the purpose of completing
her cargo of sugar. According to the
meager reports received the vessel
escaped without seriouB damage. '
The American is twin sister to
the steamers Hawaiian and Oregon
ian and plies between this port, Puget
Sound, the Hawaiian Islands and New
York. She is commanded by Cap
tain Colcord.
She is a steel screvji' steamer of 3643
net tons register andiwas built in 1900
at Chester, Pa.
lbs rice. 189S ctls barley, 160 ctls wheat,
30,361 lbs bran, 25 bales hay.- 19 ctls oats.
4052 lbs sugar. 2250 lbs salt, 7312 lbs bread.
901 lbs bean*. 32 bbls 17 cs salmon, 29 pkgs
baking powder, 22J> cs canned goods, 25 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 217 lbs 4 cs butter,
380 lbs codftsh. 8 cs table preparations. 1560
lbs lard. 30 pkgs paste. 26 tons soda. 5 tons
coal, 22 colls cordage j 84 drums distillate. 20
cs 3 drums gasoline. 225 bbls lime. 2 rolls
leather, 6 pkgs agricultural Implements, 6 cs
boots and shoes, 200 cs coal oil. 3032 ft lum
ber. 25 bxs soap, 79 pkgs paints, 17 bdls 8
pea pipe, 216 gals 16 cs oils. 30 pkgs wagon
material.
The ship George Curtis was cleared for Hon
olulu yesterday with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $1U.44O and Including the fol
lowing: 102 bbls flour, 508a ctls barley. 50
ctls corn 1430 bales hay, 50.852 lbs bran,
3732 lbs beans, 2177 lbs peas, 5175 gals 5 cs
wine. 45S gals vinegar, 25 cs pickles, 25 cs
table preparations, 200 lbs tea. 130 cs canned
goods. 1900 lbs coffee, 7 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 20 cs olives. 25,580 lbs sugar, 21
pkgs ship stores. 1106 lbs 8 cs bread, 115 bxs
paste ' 410 bdls ironware, 30,000 bricks, 28
bdls 'shocks, 100 bdls shingles, 68 pkgs mill
work, 43 pkgs paints and oils, 160 cs gasoline,
10 oars ' 10 pkgs machinery, 200 bdls paper,
14,140 ft lumber, 17 kegs spikes, 4 bales twine.
FOUR-MASTED SCHOONEF: HONOIPU. OF THIS PORT. WHICH HAS JUST MADE A RECORD BREAKING RUN IN AUS
TRALIAN WATERS, (1OING 540 MILES IN THREE DAYS. THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME THE SCHOONER HAS GIVEN
EVIDENCE OF PHENOMENAL SPEED. ,. \
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
- chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
July 22. 1804. •¦¦». ,-,•.
The Time Ball o»* •*» tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at neon to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. Due.
Totmes Seattle July 23
Aztec , Panama July 23
J. H. Higglns. San Pedro July 23
Argo ; Eel River Ports July 23
Bonita • Newport & Way Ports. July 23
Columbia....,; Portland & Astoria July 23
North Fork. . .] Humboldt .' July 2*
Rainier Seattle &. Bellingham.. July 24
Arctic Humboldt July 24
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului... July 25
Eureka Humboldt July 25
City PueblS)... Puget Sound Ports July 25
Pomona Humboldt July 25
State of Cat.., San Diego & Way Pts. July -.".
Breakwater... Coos Bay July 25
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... July 25
China China & Japan July 25
G. Dollar San Diego July 26
Wyefleld Nanalmo July 26
S. Monica Grays Harbor July 23
Pomo Point Arena A Albion. July 26
Coca Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 27
City Svdney.. New York via Panama. July 27
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... July 27
San Pedro San Pedro July 2S
S. Barbara... San Pedro July 2S
Corona.. Humboldt July 2S
Curacao - Mexican Ports July 28
Polnl; Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 2S
Santa Rosa. .. San Diego & Way Pts. July 28
Arcata , Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 2S
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria July 23
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports July 30
Jeanle ..I Seattle & Tacoma July 30
Sequoia Willapa Harbor July 31
Mariposa Tahiti Aug. 1
Oregonlan.... New York 'via Coronel. Aug. 1
Alameda Honolulu Aug. 2
~ ~~ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails.) Pier.
July 33.
Centralla... Grays Harbor..:... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 3
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 . m Pier 40
. July 34.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
Argo ". . Eel River Ports ... 4 pm Pier a
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Humboldt i... 1:30 p Pier 9
July 35.T
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Redondo... • Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
July 26. |
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 20
S Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
July 37. |
Eureka Humboldt I 8 am Pier 13
Poirona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Arctic ..Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pie? 8
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
July 28.
San Pedro.. Humboldt' 4 pm Pier 2
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of CaV San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier T
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 39.
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Totmes Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 5 pm Pier 23
July 30. ( |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.j 9 am|PIer 11
San Juan... N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Aurclia Astoria & Portlandl 4 pm|Pier 27
July 31. II
O. W. Elder Astoria ft Portlandlll amJPler 24
August 1. I '< I
Amer. Maru China A Japan 1 1 pmlPier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • Destination. Sails.
Dolphin....... Skagway & Way Ports. July 23
Olympla Nome direct. July 23
Santa Clara... Valdez & Seward July 25
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 25
famptco Nome & St. Michael.... July 25
lefferson Sltagway & Way Ports. July 28
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 28 I
Dlrlgo Skagway & .Way Ports. July 31
Senator Nome direct .'...Aug. 1
Excelsior Seldovia A Way Ports. Aug. 1
Victoria Nome & Siberia Aug. 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.... |Aus. <$
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to tho soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is substracted from th« depth given by
the charts. The plane ot reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
BARZILLA COCKS' ESTATE.— The final
account filed yesterday by Mary Elizabeth
Cocks as administratrix of the estate of Bar
zilla Cocks showed the receipt of properties
and money worth $54,025 and expenditures
during the administration of $3773. The chief
assets of the estate are 270, shares in the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, worth
$16,200, and twenty-seven shares in the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company, valued at
?9450.
GOOD TRADE EXPECTED.
Favorable Conditions Shown in the
Ijcatlier and I»iglron Business.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say: Good progress by
most crops strengthens belief in favor
of advance of trade following the com
parative quiet and inactivity. Among
the industries quietness and dullness is
puIT the feature, but rather more is do
ing in the leather trade, foreshadowing
later developments in the shoe busi
ness, and the production of iron and
Fteel is being steadily curtailed, with a
J "suiting firmer tone to pig iron prices.
Several basic industries still show lit
tle tendency to revive. Notable among
these is soft coal mining, which is very
much depressed, and it is to be noted
that the demand for anthracite coal is
not so active as heretofore. Railway
earnings finished the fiscal year much
better than had been expected, and it
is probable they will show the heaviest
\olume of gross and net earnings ever
leported. Warm weather helped trade
as a whole and has facilitated bargain
sales, which has been a feature of a
number of cities.
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the wf>c-k ending July 21 aggregate
1.251.501 buEh^ls. against 1.412.498 last
week and 2.7&1.9SS this week last year.
From July 1 to date the exports aggre
gate 3.S72.908 bushels, against 8,815,852
la^t year and 12,161,306 in 1902. ..-'.'
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending July 21 number
201. against 203 last week. 183 in the like
•week in 1S03 and 178 in 1902.
In Canada failures for the week num
>-er 19. as against IS last week and 20
in this week a year ago.
The rifle practice which has just
terminated at the Rodeo range re
sulted in Major Robert C. Van Vliet
carrying away the record laurels, with
Privates Cornett and Cox of the Tenth
Infantry close seconds.
The practice has-been going on for
ten days and has been participated in
by seventy-six men, who were chosen
because they represented the besf shots
from each company of infantry and
cavalry here. This practice was to
decide which men shall represent their
companies at the division shoot at
Monterey, which begins on Monday,
July 25. In the contest at Rodeo there
were forty-eight men of the Thir
teenth Infantry, twelve men of the
Tenth Infantry, 6 men of the Twenty
eighth Infantry and 6 men of the
Ninth Cavalry. Major Van Vliet was
in charge. The others that officiated
were: Captain James T. Bean nnd
Lieutenant G. C. Rockwell of the
Tenth Infantry; Lieutenants W. T.
Patten, S. J. Sutherland and M. A.
Wells of the Thirteenth Infantry, and
Lieutenant W. H. Patterson of the
Twenty-eighth Infantry.
The shooting was of fair order and
consisted of going over the marks
man's course twice for practice and
once as a record, from which latter
the selections were made.
The official programme of the shoot
ing was as follows: At 200, 300, 500
and 600 yards, slow fire, ten shots at
each; 200 and 300 yards, rapid fire,
ten shots at each in twenty seconds,
and two skirmish runs of twenty shots
each from 200 to 600 yards.
Major Van Vliet did some very un
usual work. He made 100 per cent
at 300 yards, rapid fire, and 4 8 out
of a possible 50 at 200 yards in twenty
seconds, rapid fire. The result of the
second shoot was as follows: Major
Van Vliet, 362 points; Privates Cor
nett and Cox. each 357 points.
The selected men will leave for the
competition at Monterey at 8 o'clock
this morning. The following officers
will go as competitors in the com
petition:
Major Rob-it C. Van Vliet. Tenth Infantry,
distinguished marksman; Captain James T.
Dean. Tenth Infantry; Second lieutenant
George </. Rockwell, Tenth Infantry. Second
Lirutenant Samuel J. Sutherland. Thirteenth
Infantry: Sicond Lieutenant Maynard A.
Wells. Thirteenth Infantry; First Lieutenant
fharlea E. Ree6e. Fifteenth Infantry; Second
Lieutenant John F. Clapham. Fifteenth In
fantry: First Lieutenant William H. Patterson,
Twenty-Eighth Infantry: First Lieutenant
Frank. C. BaJcer, Medical Department
PiFtcl competition — First Lieutenant Ray
mond W. Briggs, Coast Artillery: First Lieu
tenant James G. Hannah. Tenth Infantry;
Captain John J. Bradley. Fourteenth Infantry;
Captain I-Yank M. Savage, quartermaster.
Fifteenth Infantry.
The trial of Lieutenant George S.
Richards Jr., accused of duplicating
his pay accounts while in Manila, was
resumed at the Presidio yesterday. It
began last March and has been taken
up from time to time as fast as docu
mentary evidence has been received.
The attention of the court was taken
up yesterday with evidence of this
description. It will be a hard fought
case. Richards was in court, attended
by his attorney, R. L. Hathorn. Col
onel William L.' Pitcher is president of
the board and Captain John J. Brad
ley is Judge advocate.. It is not ex
pected that the court-martial will be
able to get in all the evidence so it
will be able to come to a verdict be
fore the latter part of August or early
in September.
Major Frank E. Hobbs, command
ing officer at Benicia Arsenal, who ar
rived at his new, post July 15, paid his
first official call on General MacArthur
yesterday. :.
NEW YORK. July 22.— R. G.TOun &
« v>.'s weekly review of trade to-morrow
v. ill say:
Encouraging factors predominate.
Little definite increase is seen in" the
distribution of merchandise, but de
\ clopments of the past week promise
better things in the near future, the
most prominent influence for good be
ing lirighter crop prospects. For the
present the best news comes from the
large^ cities, where warm weather has
stimulated retail trade in light weight
fabrics. Jobbers • report that orders
froro agricultural communities are
much better than from manufacturing
centers. There are still many com
plaints of slow collections. In the
principal manufacturing branches there
is still much idle machinery, especial
ly at cotton mills and iron plants, while
most window glass producers will not
resume until September. Reports of
railway earnings for July so far. show
only a small loss of 1.5 per cent, as
compared with the same period last
year.
It is gratifying to note in dispatches
from iron and steel making centers
that the decline in quotations has
cased and consumers are making in
quiries which promise to result in con-
Fid^rable business. Hides were
f trengthened by the packing-house dif
ficulty, particularly July saltings, of
¦which the supply is small.
Failures for the week numbered 213
in the United States against 191 last
vear and 20 in Canada, compared with
35 a year aeo.
Alleged That. He : Was Paid
Deposits on Property He
Had Nothing to Do With
The police are searching for Henry
H. Wilson, who, it is alleged, has been
representing himself as a. real estate
agent at 113 Geary street and obtain
ing money on sales of property for
whose owners he had no authority to
act. A warrant was issued yesterday
for his arrest by Police Judge Fritz
on a charge of felony embezzlement,
the complaining witness being Era
B. Zlmmer, 29 Eddy street, who is con
nected with the Porto Rico Cigar
Company.
Zimmer says that the property at
423 Hyde street was for sale and he
called upon Wilson on July 11. Wil
son represented that he was the agent
for the sale of the property, and, as
Zimmer was anxious to purchase it,
Wilson induced him to hand over to
him $75 as part payment on the de
posit.
Zimmer happened to see the owner
of the property a few days ago and
informed him of his payment of 575
to Wilson. The owner told Zimmer
that Wilson had no authority to act
as his agent and that the property had
been sold. The owner also said that
another man had paid $500 to Wilson
on the same conditions as Zimmer
and there might be still others who
had been deceived in the same way.
Zimmer called at Wilson's office, but
was unable to nnd him and it is sup
posed that he has either left the city
or moved to another location.
It has also transpired that Wilson
called at the Hibernia* Bank about
July 11, representing that he had been
sent by his attorney to borrow the
abstract of title to the property for a
few hours. He gave a receipt for the
document, but has not yet returned it
to the bank.
Circumstances Indicate That
the Steel Industry Is
Assured of Big Trade
VAN VLIET SHOOTS WELL
Does Some Kemarkable Work
at the Different Ranges
and Takes First Honors
WAEBANT IS SWOBN TO
COLLECTIONS AKE SL0W r
Competition Is Held to De
termine the Gunmen Who
Will Contest at Monterey
Henry H. Wilson Is Wanted
by the Police on a Charge
of Felony Embezzlement
While Other Conditions Are
Xot Promising the Agri
cultural Situation Is Good
ACTS AS AGENT
WITHOUT POWER
RIFLE PRACTICE
IS TERMINATED
CROP PROSPECT
THE SUPPORT
¦ . . - • ......... ... . ..
;HE SAN FRANCISCO CALi;, SATURDAY, JULY 23; ,1904.
Big Freighter Sticks Fast on Kamolo Point, but Later Is Floated
and Proceeds on Her Way to Kahului As Far as Is Yet
Known the Sugar Laden Vessel Is Not Seriously Damaged
STEAMSH I P AM ER ICAN IS RUN ASHORE
ON CORAL BEACH OFF MOLOKAI ISLAND
7
Iforfd's Fair. TootfiDicfe in '¦: Handsomefu finisfel Wooden Boxes Free to Aff Want Advertisers
t|\ BUY a GOOD*
i Poctet Knifed
> /or H— A
i ~
*~ You can't pet a better
A^ value for your money any-
* .where. Has two or three
. i blades, comes in several
v : - styles of handle, including
4 ' i pearl.
/ EXCHA2TOE TOX7S OLD
; ¦¦ razor for a new one. I
! ' will make you a liberal al-
• • lowance for it. I've good
J Razors as low as SI .OO
SCIS3O3S and other linen
1' I. of sood Cutlery at my usual
'* low prices. i
\% RAZOR STBOF8, from
_S Razls hon*»d and ground.
fL*, Honert for 25c
>cr Two bars Williams' Shav-
iiip Soap. 1 5c-
| Order by mail If you're
out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
\\] 1. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
IOCS MASSST STSSST.
Above- Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
k^ |
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S <3reat Q
OF filifiTGHY^
d fi^ 1:51 U1251:: t5 *- « **"-> iwa, q
\ *-& e L»»teii Anttnnr.cal Mu«»un> in !he \
•V ¦ l^*j'fr" > World. V.Vikr.me. or any c«n:t«. i»ii /j
bfngmn discts* »«KU»rlj f «re4l;,y:!ieou:il K
ISjgjl aptc:».;«oa ihe Leu:. En. -,4 Tf ir'.. Q
0 fJ^SES D3 ' JCRDAN-C'SEASES 0? MEN
\ M^nsSjfcn Con»u!t»tion fr'i and Wri'Hy pn»»t» *
Q B jfy«£ J3 TrMtmeru p(rjnn»! y or bv ifrter. A A
\ I » TlR fn»tn» Curt m e»erjr ci.reued«r:*:cf a. Y
API 10 v *'rite 6" Book. Pnil.QoornV of A
V • if {I MtRnaer. m.m'.f.d rast. (av
A £J fi. valuable book (or tn-n ', j.
V nit. JUBDAf * CO.. 1051 Market Sfc.flk, F V
OCEAN TRAVEL.
>\ Steaiv.ers i«ave Broadway
/oV^-^ffiN. wharves <Pi#rs 0 and 11).
/Sfyi^_ San Fran cisoo:
/Q./ffc?P'»B» f | \ji\ Kor Ketchikan. Wranajaf,
1 I \»T>fi^ I I Juneau. Halnes. Skaguay.
I X \Bm» / I efc -. Alaska— 11 a m.. July
W\ \T i/a'J i0 ' 24 - 2 0 - Au »- 3 - Chang*
VVvj'^/cJx t0 fonipany's steamers at
NjwJeSvP/ Seattle.
V^isn^ For victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Bellinfrham— tl a. m.. July 10. 2t. 23. Aug. 3.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska and G. X. Ky. ; at Seatt'e or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., July 21. 27 Aug. 2. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
July IS. 24. SO. Aug. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anceles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. A a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San P»»dro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, f-'anta Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford «Saa
Luls^Cbispo). Ventura and Hueneme
Bonita. » a. m.. July IS, 26. Aug. 3.
•"oos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 22. SO. Aug. 7.
For Erjenada. Macrdalena Bay, San Jose d*t
Cabo. Mazatian. Altata. I .a Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas iMex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mx
ALASKA EXCVP.SIONS. Season 190t~
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Aug. 2.
For further Information obtain fold°r. Right
Is reserved to chanre steamers or sailln? datet
TICXET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Mntel». lrt Market st..an<i Broad-
way wharves. Prelfflit OfSce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
AMEE1CAN LINE.
Flyrnonth. — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New Tork. Saturdays, 9:30 a. m.
New Tork July 30 Philadelphia ..Aug. It
St. Paul Aug. «iSf. Lcuis : Aug. 20
ATXJM7TXC TRANSPORT LINE.
Itew Tork— London Direct.
Mlnnetenkn July 30. 7:30 a. m.
Mlnnehaha Aug. «. nooa
Minneapolis Aug. 13. 7 a. m.
Mesaba : Aug. 20. » a. m.
Only fim-cl iss passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal— Liverpool — Short Sea passage.
[Canada July C0 r Kensington ...Aug. 1.1
( Vancouver Aug. 6, Dominion Aug. 20
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.50O Tens.
New Tork — Rotterdam, Via BoTiloffne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam ....Aug. 2|Xoordam Aug. 15
Ryndam Aug. 9 Statendam Aug. 23
BSD STAB LINE.
5ev Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
From New Tork. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Vaderland ....July 3fl|Zeeland Aug. 13
Kroonland Aug. 6! Finland Aug. 'JO
WHITS STAB LUTE.
New Tork — Qneensrtown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays. >.
Teutonic. Aug. 3. 10 am MaJestic.Aug. 17. 10 am
Celtic. t ... Aug. 5. noon j Cedric... Aug. in. noon
Baltic ..Aug. 10. 4 pm Oceanic. .Aug. 24. 5 pm
Boston — Qneensto-wn — Liverpool.
Republic (new) Aug. 11. Sept. 8, Oct. 9
Cymric Aug. 13. Sept. 15, Oct. 13
Cretic Aug. 23. Sept. 22. Oct. 20.
NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
¦,- Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15,000 Ton*.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. "VTA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR, NAPLES, GENOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 20, Dec. 3
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Nov. 19
FIVst class. $65 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Poet St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA
(ORTENTAI. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave- wharf, Corner First an<t
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob* (Hlogoj.
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. 8. AMERICA MARU
Monday. August 1. 1944
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at radueetl
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's of flee. 421 Market street, corner First.
w. H. AVERT. General Agent.'
/Hamburg -Jtmerican.
S ami-Weekly Twin-Screw Serrica
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
•Deutschland.. .Aug. 4] Phoenicia Aug. 20
|Pennsylvanla..Aug. 6 Bluecher Aug. 25
tPatrlda Aug. 13 IPretoria Aug. 2T
Hamburg Aug. lSI*Deutschland...Sept. t
•Has grillroom and gymnasium oa board.
{Will call at Dover for London and Paris.
HAMBTJBO-AMXRICASr LX2TE.
Offices. 33 and 37 Broadway. New Tork.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
oeeanics.s.co.s^.
8 S Sonoma, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, July 23, 2 P. M.
8 S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 6. 11 A.M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. August 9, U A.M.
LD-SfBECXELS k BEOS. CO., AjflS., TicXBt Q31C8 643 Mar-
tei Freiifct oaics 329 Mamt sl, Pin 7, Pacific sl
COHPAOSIE GENEBALE TBA53ATLANTIQCS.
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _m»Hm
Balling every Thursday Instead of <raKT*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from, Pier 43, »iii"II' i iK_ i»
North River, foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. 3*coa4
class to Havre, . $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway- (Hudson building).
New Yorkl J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. S. Vavy Tard anfl Vails Jo.
Stmr ' H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F-. foot ot
Clay rt.', north end ferry bldg.— We«k day*.
8:30 A. M- 8 and »8 P. M.; Sunday* 9:30
A M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week daysw
8-50 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundays. 5
p m. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates.
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Marttnex.
Uctknl trip. PIFXB. ADEN. GOODALI.
CO.. phone Main <Ul. 'Saturday exceptod.
To V. S. Navy Tard and VaXUJo.
Stmra. General Frlsble. Monticello and Arrow,
0 45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Sua.>;
Sunday*. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Valleja
7. » a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.): Sun-
days. 7 a. in., 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mia-
fc^pn ttreet; phona Mala 1503. HATCH BltCi. Special information supplied dally *o
business houses and public men by tht
Press CUpHpk Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Alain 1042, *
Townsend's California Glace fruits tn
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Chicago has compiled another census for herself and
boasts that she has 2,200,000 people subject to her civil
jurisdiction. If the Windy City keeps on growing at this
rate she won't be able to hold herself within the limits
of an ordinary , State. She ought to annex Illinois and
convert , it into a> suburban resort.
A young woman of New York who heroically saved
six human lives in the General Slocum disaster has since
received more than one thousand offers of marriage.
Notwithstanding the palpable fact that the young lady
possesses qualities calling for the admiration and well
wishes .of us all there are indisputably more than one
thousand chances against her enjoyment of a happy and
contented future.
A DEBT— P. J., City. A debt barred
by limitation still exists as a moral
obligation, "for." says a law writer,
"time is not regarded as extinguish
ing the debt, but only the right of legal
enforcement. Such debt may, there
fore, be revived by a new promise, ex
pressed or implied. Such new promise
may be implied from the fact of a par
tial payment by the party originally
chargeable. But, In any event, the
new promise must be unconditional.
The word promise is^ not essential, but
there must be language used from
which such a promise may be fairly
Implied..'
Complaint has been made to Washington that the Sul
tan of Turkey prefers to talk gently about thc weather
and other commonplaces whenever pressed to investigate
undesirable conditions affecting the interests of Ameri
cans in Turkish dominions. If the Sick Man of the Kast
is not extremely careful he will raise a storm about his
ears that will make the weather, a subject of discussion
as congenial as a tin can to a cat's tail.
Physicians for Panama.
it is expected that twenty-five of the
300 physicians the Government is pre
paring to send to the Isthmus of Pan
ama will be chosen from civil life in
Philadelphia. This statement was
made by an officer at the League
Island m Navy Yard recently. He said
that the bulk of the physicians would
be selected from Washington, New
York and Philadelphia. As there will be
fully 50,000 men engaged on the isth
mus, it is believed that 300 physicians
will be none too many to look after
their health. The higher positions will
be allotted to the Government sur
geons. Young and active physicians
are needed, tough, wiry, hardy fel
lows, who are not afraid to rough it.
There will be a preference "shown to
those just graduated from the hospitals.
Colonel Gorgas, the chief sanitary,offi
cer of the isthmus, will send out the
call for. the physicians,— American
Medicine. # " '
WHILE the people of Sacramento are rejoicing
that a bond election has insured to the Capital
City a first-class high school building it is
approvingly observed that all classes of citizens give
the credit f*r the victory to the women. They could
not vote, but they could and energetically did work for
the good of the- rising generation. More votes were
cast than at any preceding special election in the his
tory of Sacramento. It was necessary that two-thirds
of the entire number of ballots polled should be in favor.
In fact the affirmative vote exceeded the prescribed two
thirds by more than 300. Victory was achieved under
circumstances that at the outset appeared to be de
cidedly adverse. This consideration helps to place the
achievement of the women on a high plane.
The purchase of certain school lots at prices that
were generally considered to be excessive had dampened
the ardor of, the public. After the preliminaries for a
bond election had been arranged it was discovered that
a technical defect had vitiated all the proceedings. A
warm discussion took place high school
fraternities which tended to divide the public mind. A
high school proposition had been defeated in the Clark
administration. Nevertheless, the women were deter
mined to have a high school building that shoufd be
fit for Sacramento. The politicians advised that they
would meet with failure. When was a woman ever con
vinced against her will when the interests of children
were at stake? The Sacramento Bee says that the
women "went ahead with a campaign that for vigor
and intelligence is unmatched in Sacramento politics."
To the women Mayor Hassett wrote that the result
could not have been' accomplished without their "well
organized work and strong personal appeals to the vot
ers." These coinciding and voluntary words of testi
mony are convincing.
The first step taken in the campaign was to have the
Board of Education provide that the high school fra
ternities should go out of business after a certain date.
Every fraternal society in Sacramento had high school
dinned into ears, morning, noon and night and co-opera
tion was secured in great degree. All clergymen were
requested to ask their congregations, to assist -The
streetcar companies were persuaded -to permit the
placarding of their cars with high school election ad-
One hundred of the aluminum bronze
monuments which will be implanted on
the snowclad peaks of the Rocky
Mountain chain • to mark the interna
tional boundary between the Territory
of Alaska and the Dominion of Can
ada will be manufactured in Pittsburg.
Those to be, furnished by the Canadian
Government will be made in the Prov
ince of New Brunswick. Dr. William
S. King of Ottawa, Canada, and Pro
fessor F. O. Tittman, chief of the T 'nit
ed States Coast and Geological Sur
vey, who have been appointed by their
respective Governments to direct the
survey according to the decision of the
Alaska Boundary Commission, were in
Pittsburg recently as the guests of Dr.
John A. Brashear. Dr. King Is chief
astronomer of the Canadian Govern
ment and stopped here to examine
some new instruments which are being
manufactured for the Ottawa Univer
sity by. Dr. Brashear. It was stated
that three years would be required to
complete the survey of the Alaskan
boundary. A corps of engineers is in
the field and assistants will be sent
later on. Dr. King said the work would
be extremely difficult. In some places
the engineers will be obliged to make
their way through almost Impassable
country, while contending against the
ricors of the arctic climate. The bronze
To Mark the Boundary.
TO POLISH HORNS— H. Petaluma.
Cal. The following is a method for
polishing horns: The horns are
scraped perfectly smooth with a piece
of glass or thin blade of steel, then
rubbed with very fine sand paper or
Dutch rushes. The rubbing la then
repeated with a bit of felt dipped in
finely powdered charcoal in water,
then with rotten stone or putty pow
der, and is finished with a soft piece
of wash leather dampened with a lit
tle sweet oil.
Russian strategists have decided, it is sai>d, to prey
upon the Pacific Ocean commerce of the Japanese, pay
ing particular attention to a search for contraband
shipped in vessels which ply between Western American
ports and the empire of the Mikado. This sounds very
well as an ambitious plan of predatory campaign, but we
may remind our Russian heroes that thus far >tr>ey have
been kept reasonably busy in strenuous endeavors to
dodge Japanese warships. For them to look for trouble
under such conditions would be insanity.
ARK OF THE COVENANT— 31. O.
S.. Alameda, CaL It is not known
what became of the ark of the cov
enant that contained the precious ta
bles of stone written with the moral
law by God himself, but researches in
dicate,that It was taken away and de
stroyed by Nebuchadnezzar when he
siezed the temple of Jerusalem. The
ark was not in the new temple and
there Is no record that a second one
was ever made.
OARFIELD'S NOMINATION — Sub
scriber, City. At the National Repub
lican Convention In Chicago in 1880
thirty-six ballots were taken before
James A. Garfleld was nominated for
the Presidency. On the last ballot he
received 399 votes. U. S. Grant 306,
James G. Blalne 42 and John Sher
man 3.
A WOMAN'S VICTORY.
DIGESTION— Subscriber. City. Xt Is
said that it takes two hours to digest
fresh raw eggs and three hours If they
are boiled soft, while such hard boiled
requires half an hour more to digest.
Whatever the incredulous may think or say the age of
miracles has not passed even in this twentieth century of
agnosticism. Official inquiry following a recent rail
road wreck in New Jersey has resulted in fixing direct
responsibility upon the trainmen, who have been charged
with manslaughter. While it is absurd to suggest or to
hope that the guilty men be punished we may take much
gratification in the marvelous victory won in their being
accused of guilt.
TWO TUNNELS— Subscriber, City.
The St. Gothard tunnel Is longer by
one and a fifth miles than the Mount
Cents tunnel. It is nearly nine and a
half miles long.
'Anszvers to Queries.
The heroic conduct of a Japanese
soldier, Ohashi, was heard by Mi
kado. Just before the attack of Ku
lien-chang most dangerous reconnois
sance was done by the Japanese
scouts, one of which was named Kukl
chi Ohashi who belonged to the. third
regiment of the. army guard, was the
most marvelous one.
The brave Ohashi, while the ene
my's fire was very heavy and innum
erable bullets were falling like show
ers of rain, made his body entirely
naked by taking off his uniform and
Jumped in a river, over which he had
to swim, and crossed It easily Just as
he wanted. After that he creeped up
to the other side of the river where
enemy was occupying and took off the
enemy's sword by force with which
he killed number of Russians and
rushing further to the enemy's posi
tion, which was situated in the top
of a hill, pursued enemy who were
agitating about and put two artillery
men out of action and captured one
more. After that he, crying loudly
"Banzai," hoisted the Japanese flag
of Rising Sun. J" : .'.
This brave conduct of Ohashi was
heard by the Emperor who has ear
nestly required his antecedent
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: — I
have honor of reporting that one of
my friends who Is fighting in the field
of Manchuria, China, has done ex
ceedingly heroic conduct. This de
scription was sent by one another in
Manchuria who has observed It. I
will be much delighted if you add this
description to the war news on your
paper. Respectlfully yours
OSA (a Japanese).
SAN FRANCISCO. July 21th.
'A Japanese Hero.
The yield of the mitsumata paper
plani in Japan frequently amounts to
two thousand pounds of raw bark to
the acre. The crude pulp is readily
sold at thirty-two sen (sixteen cents)
the pound. The seeds alone are some
times quoted at three yen ($1 60) the
gallon. As many as tvjrenty-four thou
sand i shrubs are grown ; on an acre.
The harvesting is done by cutting the
plants off at the roots. The next spring
the shrub grows up again. In fact,
mitsumata roots a century old and
still sending up new shoots are often
shown. The plant is highly decorative
and* is grown as an ornament in some
of the gardens of Japan. — Booklovers'
Magazine.
The cultivation of paper plants in
Japan is a very important industry.
As is well known, Japanese paper of
various kinds is in demand throughout
the world. Recently American and
European manufacturers have been
giving some attention to the possibility
of producing from Japanese paper-pulp
some of the numberless useful articles
and toys similar to those in vogue in
the island empire. To that end, Japan
ese paper shrubs are to be planted in
America and in the countries of South
ern Europe. The United States De
partment of Agriculture, which recent
ly sent experts to secure seeds of the
mitsumata'plants, is to make exten
sive experiments in growing this par
ticular valuable variety. It is believed
that this shrub will thrive in Florida,
Louisiana, in irrigated parts of Texas
and the Colorado Desert and in some
sections of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys in California. Should
this introduction of the Japanese mitu
mata plant into America prove suc
cessful It will bring fortune to many
farmers. Rice-planters, particularly in
Texas — the climate of which, it is be
lieved, will prove suitable to the valu
able exotic — could. set shrubs out along
the unoccupied dikes and on » all' the
narrow strips of land dividing 'flooded
fields ' and secure profitable returns
f rum the enterprise. The American ex
perts who have been investigating \he
subject in Japan are inclined to be
lieve that when the mitsumata plants
are grown successfully In America and
American machinery Is invented for the
conversion of the pulp into paper, that
product will be put to many uses not
thought of in Japan.
Japanese Paper Shrubs.
Quietly and apparently with ease
Chicago has raised by popular sub
scription three-quarters of a million
dollars for the permanent endowment
of a great orchestra.
They have good reason to boast of
it, the Chicagoans; the like has not
been known or dreamed of elsewhere.
Orchestras there are and have been
for generations as permanent institu
tions in all the great European cities,
but always subsidized, always main
tained by government, municipal or
national. So far, in thi3 country, al
though orchestral music has been
steadily growing in recognition as a
means of grace, it haa existed preca
riously by uncertain box office re
ceipts, by the temporary guarantees of
the public spirited, or, as in the not
able instance of Boston, by the gener
osity of one philanthropist. That Chi
cago should be the first city in the
world to establish it by voluntary con
tributions of the community is some
thing far more significant in the his
tory of human progress than battles
or sieges. — Everybody's Magazine for
August.
Music a Public Utility.
And alone all beautifies.
— Rt. Rev. John Lancaster Spaldlng
(Bishop of Peoria), in August Smart
Set.
Work, if sweetened by his smile.
Is as light as heart of boy
When he, roving mile on mile.
Takes the world but for his toy.
Love may do whate'er he will.
Play his tricks or sullen grow,
Beauty is his shadow still.
Folio wins him where ha doth go.
Let the fickle god depart —
All that's fair in darkness dies.
For of all he is a part.
Where he lights, the sunshine plays;
* Round about him flowers bloom;
Spring, for him, lengthens her days.
Scattering all her rich perfume.
Beauty is the child of Love—
What he looks upon Is fair.
Though it be an empty glove
Or a lock of faded hair.
Beauty.
U -\ K R - DOOLE.V on the Political Situation" is
l\l\ thc title o£ thc leading feature °f Th e Call
* » •*> Magazine to-<niorrow, and is the first in a
series of Dooley .stories which will be run in The Sun
day Call. Each article will be close to the news of the
day|| "Dooley" will discuss live topics in his own
inimitable way.
When F. P. Dunne began to write the Dooley articles
some years ago, he called himself the reporter of Dooley
monologues. Somewhere down on Archey road, in
Chicago, there lived the original of the old philosopher
and here Mr. Dunne visitiid frequently. It was not
long before Martin Dooley was the most famous char
acter in the whole country. ' His keen. Irish wit and his
curious manner of expressing", what he thought of public
men and affairs brought hina a remarkable popularity.
Finley Peter Dunne is now ivithout doubt the* highest
paid writer in the world, and it was only after keen
competition and an unusual contract price for a daily
paper that The Call secured the exclusive rights on
the coast north of Los Angeles for the publication of
the forthcoming series of the Dooley articles.
The frontispiece will consist of the second picture in
the series by Herman W. Hansen portraying scenes
and incidents in early California life and will be entitled
"The Prospectors." The first picture in this series,
entitled "A Vaquero Bear Hunt," appeared upon June
26. "On the Beach" is a full page drawing in black
and white by John F. Woolrich, ! whose work is well
known to Call readers.
"In the Bishop's Carriage," by Miriam Michelson,
runs through its third installment and finds the heroine
in a situation so critical that it seems for once even
her ingenuity and coolness .must fattl to extricate her.
Other fiction features embrace a full page story by Clin
ton Ross, a well-known magazine writer, called "A
Comedy of % Rebellion." in which the» love affairs of a
wealthy and patrician daughter of the United States
unexpectedly involve themselves with a South American
revolution; a storiette, "Bess, Queen otf Strategists," by
Ruth Santelle, which holds the places of honor upon
the storiette page, and stories by Kate M. Cleary and
Lillian G., Paschal.
Among the special articles is "The Fisherman's Vaca
tion," written by .an expert fisherman aiad giving a few
hints to prospective vacation seekers, wfto are in doubt
as to the field they shall select; "To St. Louis With a
Suit Case/' in which women contemplating a trip to the
exposition will find helpful hints; "By the Tilt of Her
Chin," by Helen Rowland, a page of sagte advice on
diagnosing women intended for prospective benedicts,
and the usual up-to-date discussion of fashion frills and
fads -by Augusta Prescott in "The Girl in the Three-
Quarter Coat," and Madge Morris in "Marking House
hold Linen." "Polly, My Dolly," is the title of the
music page and the puzzle page announces lucky winners
and publishes material for a new contest.
SUMDAY CALL.
Joseph Chamberlain has presented for the digestion of
his countrymen another elaborate series of tariff tinker
ing and suggestion designed to bolster British trade and
to enter the empire in the competitive race of the world
for commerce upon a fairly equal footing with the rest
of us. The distinguished British statesman seems to
have left out of the equation of profit the important fact
of our superiority in manufactures and in the prepara
tion of foods for the world's consumption.
King Edward's reference in th#
speech delivered at the banquet given
in his honor by the Syndic and Senate
of Hamburg, to the "great empire of
which God has appointed me the ruler,"
has evoked no end of criticism In his
dominions, where it is pointed out that
he owes his crown not to divine ap
pointment, but to the will of the peo
ple as expressed by Parliament. Indeed,
had It not been for the act of settle
ment of 1700, by means of which Par
liament the throne was vested In the
Protestant house of Hanover, Edward
VII would not be King of Englnand to
day. English people take no* exception
to the phraseology of the royal procla
mations, which invariably describe the
sovereign as "Edward VII, by the grace
of God King of Great Britain," etc. re
garding this as one of those medieval
figures of speech of which there are so
many survivals in official and state
documents* But they do take exception
to Edward styling himself in an after
dinner speech as having been "appoint
ed by God" to be their ruler.— La Mar
quise de Fontenoy.
Not Louis Fourteenth.
GARDEN. LONDON, July 10.—May
fair mammas with eligible daughters
nnd chaperones with fair aspirants for
matrimonial honors on their hands
have a grievance, for which they de
dare the young American matrons
who figure so conspicuously in fash
ionable society are largely responsible.
Their specific complaint is that
debutantes are no longer invited to
dances as of yore and that in conse
quence their chances of contracting
desirable marriages are greatly dimin
ished. And they assert it is chiefly
the brilliant and bewitching young
American wives in the London social
world who set the example of closing
the ballroom doors against young un
married English girls. Having once
taken the field they hold it against all
newcomers. It is they who dance and
give the dances for which invitations
are most eagerly sought. As notable
among these are mentioned Lady
Essex, Lady Grey-Egerton and several
others, in whose trains, as attendant
patellites, are many young English
matrons. At their smart terpsichorean
functions young unmarried girls form
en inconspicuous minority, while their
brothers, who often regard dancing as
a "beastly bore," receive more invita
tions than they can find time to ac
cept. Under such circumstances what
chance, asks the indignant British ma
tron, has the demure little English girl
just out of school against the bril
liancy and dash of the all-conquering
American woman in society?
The Duchess of Roxburghe is still
house hunting. She is now personally
known to nearly every fashionable
real estate agent in London and has
earned the reputation of being the
Ftiffest bargainer among all the Amer
ican ladies who have found their way
into the English peerage. "She also
is fastidious to the point of being al
most ridiculous," said a leading agent
•who has some of the finest mansions
in Mayfair and Belgravia on his
books. "Why," he added', "if I offered
her Buckingham Palace or Marlbor
ough House she would find fault with
them. She wants all London con
structed on the American principle."
It is thought likely the Duchess will
settle on a house in Cavendish Square,
as the owners of mansions in the
American colony in Mayfair are op
posed to any radical changes In the
internal construction of their prop
erties, especially when they are only
required for short terms.
That expensive and brilliant weddings
do not always insure the continued
prosperity of the young couples is a
truism that holds good from the high
est to the lowest- Certainly few mar
riages have ' been more dazzling than
that of Lady Peggy Primrose, the
daughter of the Earl of Rosebery, to
the Earl of Crewe, yet within a few
years even these, lacking the where
withal to keep up a home of their own,
have returned to live with the bride's
father.
Not in a generation would there be
cuch universal interest in the marriage
of any one girl as that manifested in
Lady Peggy Primrose's nuptials. Her
trousseau was an enormous one and the
order for her lingerie the largest with
one exception ever executed In Eng
land, or rather given in England, for It
v.-as executed in the convents of Ire
l8nd. The exception was the trousseau
of Lady Peggy's mother. Miss Roths
child, in which every article of wearing
apparel was multiplied by eight dozen.
The wedding was, of course, the func
tion of the season, presents from the
whole of the upper ten thousand, in
cluding Queen Victoria, being showered
upon the happy pair. The ceremony
took place at Westminster Abbey in
the presence of hundreds of eager
guests and onlookers.
The Earl of Crewe at the time of his
marriage had daughters of the same
age as his youthful bride, but he was
acknowledged by all the feminine crit
irs as being very handsome, besides
very young In spirit and by no means
old in years, and there was not the
sljgrhtest fear but that happiness for
both of them was well assured.
Financial difficulties were not expect
ed, but a great deal of money was
spent in the doing up of the Earl of
Crewe's house on Hill street, since
when things have gone wrong gener
ally. There is talk of unlucky specula
tion on the Stock Exchange. - To
straighten things out the Earl has sold
two estates in Yorkshire, given notifi
cation that he is willing to dispose of
Wharnedlffe House, on Curzon street
(which exactly faces the new house of
the Duke aDd Duchess of Marlborough),
end now, homeless, haa taken his young
wife back to her father's, where there
is no fear but that they will be able to
dwell in peace and plenty. Although
her mother was so extremely wealthy,
the Countess of Crewe has but $7500 a
year of her own.
The greatest event of the social sea
son in London, so far as the smart
American colony is concerned, will be
Mrs. Frank Mackey's first dinner party
in her new home on Upper Grosvenor
street. Although the house always has
been regarded as one of the most hand-
Fomely decorated mansions in London,"
it does not suit Mrs. ' Mackey. In 're
decorating it for her initial function
ebe is going back to the Louis XV pe
riod, and in other ways the company
Invited will witness a new departure in
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
HENRIETTA STREET, COVENT
Epecial Correspondence of The Call.
In London's Social Whirl.
monuments •which will be used as
markers will be three feet in height
and will be imbedded in the earth, so
as to be practically immovable. They
will be placed about a mile apart 'and
in their solitary positions will be con
spicuous in that desolate wilderness. —
Pittsburgh (Penn.) Gazette.
"Well, I thought you had a spark of
manhood in you when I married you.
From seeing and enjoying Perkins'
disgraceful performance I suppose
now you could beat me."
"I could if you didn't play your
cribbage hands any better than Mrs.
Perkins was, doing when I called this
evening."
- "O-o-o, you " (Mrs. Moore
couldn't say it, but she looked it.)
"Do you mean to sit calmly there
before me and before your little chil
dren and say you could have looked
on and let that brute of a Perkins beat
his wife? Just answer me, stir."
"Certainly."
"I say Perkins was beating his wife,
but of course he stopped when I came
in."
"Well, I should hope he would, the
brute. And what did you do?"
"I begged him to go on, but he said
some other time would do as well."
"You BEGGED HIM TO GO ON,
and — he — said — some other — time —
would — " (Mrs. Moore became speech
less.)
"Why, yes. I # did not want to spoil
the fun."
''Oh, you wretch — you— did — not —
want — to — spoil — the — FUN. You mis
erable, heartless man!"
"Eh!"
Virgil Moore, a downtown mining
and real estate man, lives out in the
far Richmond district Because of the
distance from the busy marts of trade
and wishing Mrs. Moore to keep up
with the times, he entertains her with
all the local news he may happen to
hear and also relates his own per
sonal experiences (she often finds the
narration edifying) ¦ during the day
down in the city. Mrs. Moore enjoys
these evening stories and considers
them a liberal education. Here is a
sample:
"I stopped at Perkins" house as I
came home from the office this even
ing."
"You could not have had much time
for a call. Did you enjoy it?"
"Very. Perkins was beating his
wife."
"WHAT?"
Justifiable Battery.
It is no wonder that J. J. Hill and John D. Rocke
feller support Parker. There will be vacancies to fill
in the Supreme Court before 1908. In that court's re
view of the railroad merger case, the Democratic Jus
tices, Fuller, Peckham and White, held with Hill and
his trust. If changes on the bench make their minority
opinion the majority decision on a rehearing or a new
case, not only will all the seven cases against the trusts,
won by President Roosevelt, be reversed, but the court
will put constitutional limits upon Congress that will
weaken future legislation. Gold Democrats vindicate the
wisdom that was upon them in 1896 by refusing to play
in such a game.
MR. DAVID B. HILL did not succeed in satisfy
ing anybody except himself. Belmont and Hill,
when he nominated Parker and made a paren
thesis platform. Mr. Bryan supports Parker, but the
chairmen of the State committees in Michigan and Iowa
refuse to do so and have resigned and bolted. They
are free silver" men, but the discontent is not confined
to that faction of the party. The Gold Democrats
proper, the men who in 1896 made the gold standard
possible, are no more content than are the free silver
men. ,
They wanted an outspoken platform. They wanted
the gold standard recognized and accepted once for all
by the party. They wanted a plain and common-sense
statement of their position. They are not only for the
told standard, but they want the Government to end
its responsibility for any form of paper currency, except
the gold certificates. They want to kill, not scotch,
the fiat monev idea by redeeming, canceling and kill
ing the. outstanding greenbacks.. They want the stiff
ness taken out of the national bank currency and sub
stituted by a flexibility that will serve this country in
emergencies without putting public and private credit in
peril. They wanted and expected that the platform
would plainly utter these things. But at Mr. Hill's
dictation it is as voiceless as a coffin lid. Therefore,
the Gold Democrats are discontented, for the victory
is a barren one.
Hill and Belmont carried out the pretense that thr
two factions could meet on common ground in oppo
sition to the trusts, and proceeded to make an anti
trust platform and put on it a trust ticket, taking one
candidate from the Standard Oil trust and the other
from the bench. The Democratic Chicago Chronicle
sees through the trick from the gold side and refuses
to support Parker. The Sacramento Bee sees through
it from the free silver side and also refuses to indorse
the nominee.
It is true that we read in the Democratic press about
the intense satisfaction felt by the Gold Democrats in
Judge Parker's nomination. But when the names are
published, it is observed that the satisfied Gold Demo
crats are men who twice supported Bryan and free
silver. Of such are ex-Mayor Phelan, Mr. McNab and
Franklin K. Lane, Californians who let others stand on
the firing line while the battle of the standards was on.
It is natural that they support Parker, who was voting
against the gold standard when the fight was on and
now professes to love it so well that he had to kiss it
publicly — after his nomination.
The fact is that the Democracy is not yet in the
hands of men of principle. The titneservers and oppor
tunists have taken it away from the radicals, but its
new masters are ready to be radical, conservative or
anything else to get votes and win. The men who sup
ported Bryan on principle understand this perfectly.
They see in the class represented by D. B. Hill and
Gorman the men who shouted for Bryan in two cam
paigns, but did it with hollow hearts. Between the
real silver and the real gold men there may be relations
based upon mutual respect, but neither class can feel
respect for the men who have captured the party and
made the nomination.
The Earl of Ashburnham, who is the
second Roman Catholic in England,
the Duke of Norfolk being the first, has
lent Pembrey, his splendid estate "in
Carmarthenshire, Wales, to one of
these communities who are noted for
their cheese making. Another body of
these French refugees are negotiating
for an estate in Devonshire.
It is to America that the eyes of the
French religious communities probably
will be turning as their next land of
refuge. At the present moment these
refugees are about the one hope of
English landed proprietors who are
anxious to sell their houses and es
tates. It is now almost impossible to
Eell estates or even to let them in Eng
land. Times are not such as to en
courage English smart folk to take an
extra country seat for a year or bo,
much less buy one, and the wealthy
Americans who come over to England
are seldom attracted to those estates
that the owners are most anxious to
sell. Americans buying places in Eng
land want the old castles and such' like
historic dwelling places which are
mostly entirely out of the power of
their owners to sell. It Is out of the
way estates and mansions that can be
purchased, and these, while not ap
pealing to the American millionaires,
are especially suited to the different re
ligious communities — most of them
are enormously wealthy — which are be
ing expelled from France.
Belgium was, of course, the first
thought of these refugees on account
of the same language being spoken, but
the Free Thinkers, who are. so strong
there, make trouble for the religious
parties and turn their feast day pro
cessions Into free fights, so that others
leaving France are seeking more peace
ful quarters.
society entertaining. The ladles are to
be dressed after the style of the period,
but there is nothing yet to show that
the men will be put to any inconve
nience beyond the modern dinner at
tire.. The decoration of the rooms is in
the hands of a big West End firm, and
it is estimated that the cost will not be
much short of $10,000. Special men have
been imported from Paris and other
places on the Continent, as few English
workmen are acquainted with the style
required. The peculiar feature of Mrs.
Mackey's enterprise is that after the
opening dinner the rooms are to be re
stored to their normal state, and that
on every successive occasion when a
new departure Is contemplated the
apartments are to be again decorated
according to the style required. As
Mrs. Mackey's parties are to be lavish
and frequent the decorators are looking
forward to a harvest such as has sel
dom been experienced even in Mayfair.
The first party will be the most select
and will include most of Mr. and Mrs.
Mackey's American friends now in Lon
don. Later on English society belles
will figure largely at these entertain
ments.
DISSATISFIED DEMOCRATS.
Finally, when election day arrived, the women had
private carriages to go after stay-at-home voters and
take them to the noils that they might have no excuse
for not voting. Seemingly the men sought no excuse.
They came out in great strength and the women had
their way, as they generally have. The schoolhouse will
be built. The architects' designs show that it will be
handsome and «»ven imposing. If on the cornerstone
shall be inscribed some tribute to the efficient agency
of the women in causing it to exist there ought to be
no one to complain.
vertisements. Every politician who was either opposed
to or was lukewarm in the high school cause was per
sonally visited by members of the Women's Council,
the body that had the matter in charge in behalf of
the woiiacn. Warring politicians were induced to sink
all personal differences in this particular instance. Pic
tures Were thrown daily on screens in every theater in
Sacramento that attendants at performances might see
what thit proposed new high school would look like.
Shade tnses, electric light poles, in short all points of
vantage were decorated with election announcements.
Arguments' were v written by the women for the news
papers. Meetings called by the women were held in
all the city wards. An arrangement was made through
which the Southern Pacific employes were given time
out of the shops to vote. Voters throughout the length
and breadth of Sacramento were appealed to personally,
through the mails and by word of mouth, to do their
duty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, SATURDAY, JULY 23. 1904.
THE SAN FRArNGISGQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . -... . .Address' All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ... - ..Third and Market Streets, 8. P.
SATURDAY • t ... .................. JULY 23, 1004
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESGonzales, Mora & Co., cigar manu
facturers, who have sued O'Brien,
Keller & Co. for $20,000 damages for
infringement of a trademark and di
version of custom of a certaln^brand
of cigars, yesterday obtained, from Su
perior Judge Hunt, an injunction re
straining the defendant company from
using the name and .trademark ln
question pending the trial of the case.
Cigar Dealers Enjoined.
The former pupils of the Presenta
tion Convent, Powell and f Lombard
streets, are invited to a special meet
ing to be held in the convent hall on
Sunday, July 31, at 2 p. m. As the
fiftieth anniversary of the coming of
the Presentation Sisters to this coast
Is soon to be observed, a very large at
tendance is expected so that final ar
rangements may be made for. the
golden jubilee. £BS
Presentation Convent Meeting.
SOUTHAMPTON, Julv 22.— The American
iner St. Paul, which sails from here for New
'ork July 27. will take the body of F. Kent
Rabbi Myers Returning to City.
Rabbi Isadore Myers, who has been
on a trip to the East, will leave New
York to-morrow on his way to this
city. He will be accompanied by the
Rev. Mr. Levey, an Eastern cantor,
who* Is said to possess a tenor voice
of rare ranye and quality. He will
assist Rabbi Myers in the services
which he will conduct in Franklin
Hall, Fillmore street, during the com
ing high holidays.
Exclusively In The Sunday Call, Be
ginning July 24,
With a new series of the famous Poo
ley stories, the first being entitled
"Mr. Dooley on the Political Situa
tion." The great demands of the times
have brought the famous old philos
opher and humorist out of a silence of
two years and for the next year he
has agreed to give his views on pub
lic men and affairs for the beneilt of
Call readers. His talks are- better
than stories and funnier than the best
comic sections. Get The Sunday Call
and you will get all Sir. Dooley has
to say.
MR. DOOLEY WILL APPEAR
Detective Steve Bunner left yester
day afternoon for Hamilton, Mont.,
with the papers for the extradition of
Benjamin F. Germain, who is wanted
here on a charge of bigamy. He is ac
cused of having married Virginia H.
Barker in Santa Barbara while he had
a wife living in Eureka, Humboldt
County. He deserted Miss Barker in
Seattle after inducing her to grive him
$300, which she obtained from the
of her store in Santa Barbara.
Leaves to Brlns Germain Back.
Daughter Asks for Share.
Dolores Cristobal, a daughter of
Jose Guardiola, who died in Paris on
November 19, 1901, yesterday peti
tioned the Superior Court for a partial
distribution of the estate, which con
sists of $750,000 cash' and valuable
bonds of the Market Street Railroad
Company and Omnibus Cable Railroad
Company. She says that the widow,
Rosario Seglmon Guardiola, and the
Archbishop of Tarragona, Spain, had
assigned to her a one-fourth Interest
In the estate, six bonds of the Omnibus
Cable Railroad Company and eleven
bonds of the Market Street Railroad
Company. She 6eeks for the distribu
tion of her share.
Two claims, footing $180,000, against
the insolvent Pacific Coast Warehouse
Company, involving unpaid loans
made to Eppiriger & Co., were allowed
in the Superior Court yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan. The proof of debt
for the Colusa County Bank in_'the
sum of $150,000 was made by the
cashier of the institution, T. Harring
ton, and the debt of $30,000 to the
Bank of Woodland, in Yolo County,
was made by Cashier J. S. Craig.
The borrowings of the Epplhgers
from the Colusa bank extended' over
a period from September 25, 1901, to
December 13, 1902. The amounts
ranged from $2725 to $28,000 and the
securities given consisted in negotia
ble receipts on the Pacific Warehouse
Company for grain In quantities from
1917 sacks to 24,918 sacks. The grain
given as security amounted to 30,000
tons, but on June 6, 1903, there was
only, 3500 tons in the warehouse and
because of the removal of the tags
from the sacks this could not be iden
tified as representing any of the re
ceipts given. It Is alleged that the
warehouse company converted all of
the grain to its own use.
, The proof offered by the Woodland
bank.was of the same character, the
largest sum borrowed by the Epplng
ers having been $11,300 on Ma^rch 21,
1903. The security was 7487 sacks of
grain and the bank's share in what
remained »n the warehouse was not
worth more than $100. ! '.
Judge Kerrigan Passes Upon Proof of
Debts Amounting to $180,000.
CLAIMS AGAINST EPPINGERS.
The Supervisors' joint Judiciary,
License and Police Committee yester
day had under consideration a pro
posed ordinance repealing the license
tax of $75 per quarter on public dance
halls and ballrooms. Lunstedt, who
introduced the ordinance, argued that
it was an injustice to exact a liquor
license in addition to the $75 license
from such places and thought the lat
ter should be abolished. Comte and
Brandenstein expressed themselves as
opposed to the repeal, as it would af
fect many dives along Barbary Coast.
Comte wanted the roll call to settle
the matter at once, but Boxton
thought further inquiry should be had.
Chief of Police Wittman sent word
that he protested agrainst abolishing
the license, and action was postponed
for two weeks..
The committee expected to receive
the report of City Architect Shea rel
ative to the safety of theaters and
lodging-houses, but Shea did not put
in appearance. The committee de
cided to take up the matter next Fri
day at 3 p. m. ,<;]
The Judiciary Committee rejected
the petition of the estate of Charles
Hanson, deceased, for the refund of
$1510 29 taxes Illegally collected on
stock of the Tacoma Mill Company.
The committee allowed Thomas
Price $100 on his demand of $150 for
expert services in the Soeder murder
case. ' '"
The committee allowed Judge Fritz
a copy of the Penal Code for 1903,
but owing to lack of funds denied his
request for civil codes, code of civil
procedure and political code.
The claim of John P. Gorman for
injuries ; received by falling Into a
street excavation was denied.
The committee expressed itself in
favor of compelling the use of both
non-combustible oil and an Independ
ent electric circuit for exit lights in
theaters.
Supervisors Not in Favor of Proposed
Ordinance That Was Introduced
by Lunstedt.
OPPOSE REPEAL OF TAX
ON* PUBLIC DANCE HALLS
One, of the rare occasions when a
man does not always know his own
name appeared yesterday ln a peti
tion filed in the Superior Court by
Matthew and Mary Killilea, adminis
trators of the estate of Thomas, their
father, of the same name. They asked
leave to insert several aliases in the
papers Involving the settlement of the
estate. The various spellings given to
the name under -\j-hich the deceased
was known in life are as follows: Klll
erley, Killerly, Kellelly, Kellelley,
Killelea and Killerlea.
Name Spelled Seven Ways.
George K. Frink. who alleges that
he became the owner of the five-story
building at the southeast corner of
Post and "Stockton streets on April 20
last, yesterday commenced suit in the
Superior Court to oust the present
tenants, Edward H. Mitchell. L. Man
ning & Co., Sperry & Hutchinson
Company, the San Francisco Trading
Stamp Company and Frederick G. W.
Paige. All excepting Paige are sub
tenants of Mitchell. Frink declares
that he gave them all due notice that
their rents would be raised to $1000 a
month in July, but the tenants both
decline to pay. the rent and to vacate.
Sues to Oust Tenants.
Police Judge Fritz has passed up to
a. Justice's Court the delicate task of
deciding whether Mrs. A. McHugh of
270 Shipley street or Peter Fanning, of
COS Folsom street is legally entitled to
exclusive possession of one highly edu
cated white dog, variously described as
a Maltese terrier and a Lancashire
tyke and responding with equal alac
rity to the titles of "Jip" and "Lion."
Ponding nnai adjudication of its dis
puted ownership the animal is under
detention in the City Jail, it having been
taken from the custody of Mr. Fanning
by virtue tit a search warrant issued in
accordance to Mrs. McHugh's complaint
that she, and she alone, was entitled to
have and to hold it. The complaint set
forth also that Mr. Fanning had il
legally and with force seized the dog
as it was accompanying Mr. McHugh
along Folsom street.
Aftoi both sides had produced wit- !
nesses to uphold their resjy^ctive claims !
the Judge ordered that .the dog be
brought into court and permitted to
show where his preference lay as be
tween the disputants. This move was'
suggested by Attorney Shortall. who
stated that his client, Mrs. McHugh. '
had taught the animal to dance and
l>eg and perform several other feats
reflective of rare canine intelligence,
and that she was prepared to put him }
through his paces right there and then
if it pleased the court to admit such an
exhibition. So the dog was brought in,
l>ut he bestowed his tokens of affection
pt< indiscriminately that the evidence
of his tail-wagging and fawning proved
valueless. When he was instructed to
dance by Mrs. McHugh, who had
equipped herself with a bag of home
made doughnuts to be utilized either \
as bribes or rewards, he waltzed around
upon his hind legs and barked enthu
siastically, but a minute later he re
peated the performance at the request
of Mr. Fanning, who worked without
the aid of doughnuts. Then a bunch of
hair, which Mr. Fanning said he had
i lipped from the dog ere it ever became
the household idol of the McHughs,
was offered for comparison with the
hair now clothing the animal, but the
offer was rejected on the ground of ir
relevancy, incompetency and several
other things. Mr. Fanning then de
clared with much emphasis that he
would rather lose $100 than the dog;
not that he considered the latter in
trinsically worth that sum, but because
his children loved It. Mrs. McHugh as
serted that she, too, had learned to love
the dog almost as dearly as she loved
Mr.' McHugh. and to permanently de
prive her of its society would be to
visit a blight upon her household.
"It's a question of title," said the
Judge, "and as such must be settled by
a Justice of the Peace."
So the dog went back to prison with
the bag of doughnuts in his mouth,
and Mrs. McHugh and Mr. Fanning
never looked at each other as they left
the courtroom.
That chicken tamales really contain
chicken was one of the things proved
by the case of George M. Cook, tried
lor battery before Judge Conlan. The
complaining witness was A. Fodera, a
poultry dealer, who testified that when
he went to Cook's tamale factory, at
405 Fourth street, to collect $23 due for
chickens— age not given— ordered and
supplied, he was violently assaulted by
the defendant and some of his em
ployes. The case was continued till to
day, and then occurred an incident
almost as startling as the disclosure
that chicken tamales are not of feline
extraction.
After the parties left the courtroom
they congregated in the corridor and a
¦wordy altercation between "Vic" Mar
tini, who was Fodera's attorney, and
Cook was brought to an abrupt ter
mination by the tamale-maker aiming
a right swing at the left Jaw of the
l>!eader, who adroitly sidestepped the
blow and then countered with such
force and precision as to knock the
ether man prostrate. Cook returned
to the court and demanded a warrant
for Martini's arrest on a battery
charge, but after hearing the state
ments of several eyewitnesses and
charply questioning the applicant his
Honor refused the request, opining
that as Cook opened the hostilities he,
Instead of Martini, should be the one
rrrested. Martini, however, magnani
mously refrained from filing com
plaint.
• • •
William Robs, who was employed by
Mrs. George v Monnier Sr. of 2216 Fol
eom street to guard her dwelling
apainFt an expected invasion by her
daughter-in-law, Mrs. Violet Monnler,
was before Judge Fritz on charges of
drunkenness, carrying concealed weap
ons and having burglars tools in his
possession. Instead of keeping sober
end a. eharp lookout for Mrs. Violet,
who, her mother-in-law feared, might
return and seek reprisal for the eject
ment of herself and husband, Mr. Ross
drank until he was stupid and then
the policeman who searched him found
a skeleton key and two "blackjacks"
among his personal effects. The
charges will be more fully ventilated
next Monday.
Acting under instruction from the
Board of Public Works, of which he is
an employe, John Reavls refused to re
move several empty bottles with the
other garbage which he found in a box
or. Market street and left them lying
upon the pavement. Acting under in
structions from the Board of Police
Commissioners, of which he Is an em
ploye. Patrolman Cullinan arrested
John Reavis and charged him with
There was a lively scene yesterday
at a special meeting of member^ of
the Board of Health with Supervisor
d'Ancona of the Finance Committee.
For a moment it looked as though
D'Ancona and Dr. 'Poheim, a member
of the Health Board, would engage in
hostilities. The meeting was called for
the purpose of arriving at an under
standing regarding a modification of
the report of the Finance Committee
taking the Health Board to task for
alleged violations of civil service re
strictions and salary allowances in the
budget. Dr. Ward, president of the
Health Board; Health Officer Ragan
and Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy
were also at the meeting.
When the discussion had nearly
come to an end Dr. Poheim said he
knew of his own knowledge that cer
tain Supervisors had violated the civil
service regulations by placing laborers
in Chinatown who "were not on the
civil service eligible llst v This asser
tion evidently caused D'Ancona to lose
his temper, for he hotly retorted: " .
"That's a lie"
Poheim's face flushed and as the
meeting broke up said to D'Ancona:
"I would like to see you outside
some time. You have made certain
assertions which I want explained. I
may communicate with you later,"
and Poheim retired with his fellow
officials.
Previous to this incident, which re
sulted from the strained relations
existing between the Finance Commit
tee and the Health Board, Dr. Ward
made a statement, in which he pleaded
for harmony and for a better under
standing between the boards, whereby
the best interests of the health affairs
of the city could be conserved. Ward
said that salaries had been advanced
because of increased work put upon
certain officials and that the best thing
the Board of Health could do would
be to resign if it was to be hampered
in its work. He further said that if
the Finance Committee's report was
adopted by the Board of Supervisors
it would play havoc with the adminis
tration of the Health Department. Dr.
Ward continued:
If the consolidation of the food department
with the bacteriological depaitrqent cannot b«
effected to make efficient the power of the
board in the proper analyses . of milk. from,
the bacteriological standard, which Is the
only standard, and the examination of the
various food products by the laboratory, which
Is the only correct method, then all- of the
crusade as to impure milk . becomes obsolete
, through our inability to obtain a correct
knowledge and execute the laws. It
might as well be assumed now as later that
the Board of Supervisors has so tied the hands
of the Board of Health as to make its power
nil, and we might just as well surrender the
whole commission as to struggle with Inade
quate resources.
The Supervisors' joint Finance and
Charter Amendment . Committee yes
terday reported in favor of submitting
ta vote a proposed charter amendment
providing for a. modification of the
one-dollar limit clause on taxation so
that not more than eighty-five cents
of the tax on every $100 of assessed
valuation shall be used to pay the
running expenses of the municipal gov
ernment, ten cents for permanent pub
lic Improvements and five cents for
repairs to streets, sewers and public
buildings.
The amendment also provides that so
much of tha eighty-five cent tax as
may be available may be used for pub
lic improvements.
The committee also reported in favor
of another charter amendment provid
ing that the income from any public
utility may be appropriated from time
to time for operating expenses.
Three charter amendments providing
for progress payments on public con
tracts and for the approval by the
Board of Supervisors of all permits
granted by the Board of Works for
blasting and grading, and fixing the
limits within which it is prohibited to
blast and crush rock, were also recom
mended.
May Fix Tax for Expendi
tures of the City Govern
ment at Eighty-Five Cents
Trouble Arises Over Effort to
Have Finance Committee
Back Down From Report
LIE PASSED AT MEETING
MODIFY D0LLAK LIMIT
The Marysville Democrat, describing
great dredgers that have been built to
operate near the channel of the Tuba
River a few miles east of Marysville,
says that the first one is ready to work
and the second will soon be finished and
Join in the work. The dredgers are 265
feet long. They cost about" $100,000 each.
The buckets will be able. to dig to the
depth of sixty feet. The Democrat says:
Each of the large iron buckets will take up j
an average of six cubic feet of Band, silt and
gravel to be washed and gold extracted.
Twenty buckets can be dumped in one minute,
an average to each boat of about 0480 cubic
yards ln a run of twenty-four hours. If the
deposits contain the amount of gold reported,
say 10 to 36 cents to the cubic yard. It can
readily be seen that these two dredgers will
i extract- a large sized fortune ln a month. A
large amount of electric power is necessary to
operate one of these boats, as there* are eight
¦motors to each. The main motor Is 100 horse
power two of . 50 horsepower, two of 20 and
the others less, . the total horsepower being
279. When in running condition, after all ma
chinery la In order and working as expected,
eight men will comprise a shift on each
dredge, and they will work eight hours each.
The great boats stand about forty-five feet
above the water in which they float.
The Democrat also calls attention to
the fact that . additional machines will
be constructed for work along the
channel of the Yuba River. Quartz
mining is more actively prosecuted in
Yuba County than at any preceding
time. The dredgers open up a new in
dustry.
According to the Bakersfleld Califor
nlan there is renewed activity in the
Kern County oil fields. The Calif ornian
says: 'd=>
The Associated Is not only making contracts
for the purchase of oil from independent com
panies and acquiring; new properties Jn other
fields, but it Is also arranging. to reopen sev
eral of Its Kern River properties which It. has
hitherto neglected. Among those to:be started
up are the Missouri, the Vernon and a portion
of the property of the Reed Crude. . The Mis
souri and the Vernon > adjoin . each other - on
section 20. Just north of the Linda Yista.
There are three wells on each which' were
DREDGING ON THE YUBA.
The American Mining Congress very well
understands that since the establishment of
the Department of Commerce and Labor, with
mining as It la, a bureau within the bureau
of manufacture, it becomes more difficult to
secure 'an Independent department of mines
and mining. That affords no reason for lag
ging in the work for it. It is rather one of
the greatest incentives for concentration of in
fluence more active and powerful than ever
before. Everything is to be gained by an ear
nest and honest fight and nothing lost. As to
the Importance of the Issue — not alone to min
ing men, but to the whole country — there can
be no question. ¦> '-.V.
Few explorers have ever endowed a nation
with a richer dowtr than the prospector. He
it was who gave California, Colorado and the
Great West to civilization. But for the prod
ucts of our mines there would be no Great
West to-day. The frontier would still be rest-
Lng on the Missouri River.
With the development of the mining in
dustry, the number of working mines has in
creased proportionately. Thousands of men are
working in mines and at mining plants. The
Interests" of these men must be safeguarded, not
ln an indirect way. not through a department
in which mining will figure as an incident
along with the lighthouse service, marine hoa
pltal service, bureau of foreign commerce and
similar branches of the public service, but In
an independent department of its own, .is the
agriculture of our country Is now cared for.
New and complex problems are arising in
the ''mining Industry constantly, which mupt
be Judicially considered by men equipped for
that purpose.
As far back as December, 1898, Charles D.
Walcott. director of the United States geolog
ical survey, reported to the chairman of the
Senate Committee of Mines and Mining that
he believed the mining interests of the country
should have a clearly defined representation
ln the organization' of the Government. In
1808 our mineral products were valued us
$687,820,720. ! They passed the billion dollar
mark in 1901. Certainly If such a department
was desirable ln 1S03 it is absolutely necessary
»lx yearn later.
DUE TO PROSPECTORS.
In its bearing on the general welfare and
prosperity of the country, mining, in the nar
rowest light one can lock upon It, is as pow
erful for good as any of the other State de
partments, and it is not impossible for even
the mort ordinary statistician to show, in pro
portion to the population, that the products of
the mlnine States are of far greater commer
cial value than the products of any : other
States ln the Union.
In considering this question we must not
associate It altogether with the precious
metals. The value of our bituminous and
anthracite coal production each year runs up
into the millions of dollars; also petroleum,
cement brick, clay and stone, arid the speci
fied mineral products on the mineral output
list of the Geological Survey number sixty
two, and with the mining industry, as it la,
still ln Its infancy. Certainly this infant is
quite large enough, quite important and strong
enough to be taken out - of - swaddling
clothes. It. pot only looks to be., but it is. out
of place when it is a bureau within the manu
facturer's bureau of the Department of Com
merce and Labor.
Irwln Mahon, 3ecretary of the Ameri
can Mining Congress, calls upon the
miners of California, through the agen
cy of a circular letter, to attend the
mining congressjand lend strong aid to
the movement f0r the Institution of a
national Department of Mines and Min
ing. Mr: Mahon asserts that in this
movement California played a leading
part at the beginning. A paragraph
from his letter follows:
i The Movement for t^s creation of an inde
pendent Department of Mines and Mining was
made fc.f- 'the welfare, <x>t of any one section
but the Intlre North A'-uerica. It was started
in California manv yeijrs a*o, and ,taXen up,
by the American Miniaj; Ccnrress in Denver^
in 1S9T. i with The Call of San Frtincisco as
I one of'ltK strongest anot most persistent advo
! cates, a<fd it would be ia serious loas of pres
1 tlee for California to be so apathetic at this
I time, - wJtcn the question Is surrounded . with
\ greater difficulties then it was when she
! championed its cause, io lose her loadershlp.
At the; coming assembly of the American
Mining Congress, meeting in Portland, Ore.,
August 22, 1904, this question will be taken
I up and discussed by statesmen of national and
international ' reputation, and by them,
through the American Mining Congress car
ried up to th«* Congress of the United fotates,
and the part our mining Stateii and Terri
tories, especially California, ; Colorado, Mon
tana, Idaho. Wyoming. ¦Washington. New
Mexico and Oregon, take in this coming strug
gle becomes a matter of record. .
IMPORTANCE INCREASES.
The importance to the mining inter
ests of the proposed Department of
Mines and Mining has increased since
The Call began its earnest advocacy of
It. The singular situation in which the
•petroleum miners of California were
placed under placer mining law is one
instance of note. The taking up of
mineral lands under the stone and tim
ber act and the scandals that have
originated in this method of land-grab
bing is another. A Department of Mines
and Mining will be needed always in
California, as in all the mining States.
Attention is directed to the following
statements that are now sent out by
'Secretary Mahon, representing the min
ing congress:
The United States is the greatest mining
country in the world, and yet we are the only
great nation that does not provide an ade
! quate supervision of the industry, and we can
never have a proper governmental supervision
! of the industry of mining until the Congress
! of the United States creates an Independent
' I>epartment of Mines and Mining, with a
Secretary at its head, who shall be a mem
. ber of the Pre*ldent's Cabinet.
j The Department of Commerce and Labor,
recently established, with its several bureaus,
• ln which mining Is placed a» a bureau within
' the bureau of manufacture, was no more nec
essary, nor even as much so, than is a De
partment of Mines. The placing of mines
. under the 'supervision of the Department of
' Commerce Is not only unsatisfactory, but it
1 Is a reflection on the Importance of the indus
try ln its relation to the welfare of the lndus
, trial life of the nation, and a detriment to
i its greater advancement and independence.
Mining has tremendous certainties. The
'value of our mineral products in 1880, was
j:»i(9,31S).000 In 1800 these products were val
• ued at $«19,512.173. In 18Wt the value was
$97H,MX>,U4t>, and in ll'OO passed the billion
; dollar mark.
With Judge Mogan confined to his
home by Illness and Judge Cabanis3
away on vacation, there was double
duty for Judges Fritz and Conlan yes
terday, but the calendars were cleared
with neatness and dispatch. Judge Mo
gan's vacation begins to-day and Judge
Cabanlss returns to toil next Monday.
Joseph O'Donnell, who stole an arm
chair from a Mission street furniture
store, was given four months' impris
onment by Judge Fritz.
Three able-bodied male vagrants were
given eix months apiece by Judge Fritz,
who opined that the healthy man who
prefers vagabondage in the city to hon
est industry in the fruit orchards,
where such men are much needed just
now, is unfit to mingle in civilized so
ciety. The forlorn trio was rounded up
by Patrolman Brown, whose work was
commended.
Judge Fritz dismissed the charge of
practicing medicine without a license
which for several months the State
Board of Medical Examiners- had been
pressing against Dr. E. Schmoll, grad
uate of the University of Basle, Switz
erland, and former fellow of the Johns
Hopkins University. Dr. Hlrschfelder
of the City and County Hospital testi
fied it was at his invitation that Dr.
Schmoll came to San Francisco, and
that while awaiting a license to prac
tice he examined some, patients, but did
not prescribe for them. The Judge de
cided that while the defendant might
have technically violated the law he
did not do so deliberately. The testi
mony of a French boy called by the
prosecution proved a boomerang, for
It was to the effect that Dr. Schmoll
had resolutely refused to treat him.
• • •
Henry Fritz was arrested for disturb
ing the peace on Ninth street and gave
$20 bail for his appearance yesterday
before Judge Conlan. He appeared in
court all right, but while awaiting the
call of his case he went out 'to take a
drink, and the beverage indirectly cost
him his bail money, which was forfeit
ed when he failed to respond to the
shouting of his name by the bailiff.
Then a bench warrant was issued for
his arrest.
For about two minutes William St.
Clair Gloster, charged with murder,
was a free man. When he was called
for arraignment- before Judge Frit*
there was no formal complaint on file,
nor was any one present to prosecute,
so the Judge dismissed the case, but
ore Gloster could leave the courtroom
he was rearrested and taken back to
the City Prison, where he was held
while a complaint was filed. Then the
hearing was set for this morning.
Gloster struck A. J. Funk in the face
¦while the two men were walking along
Kearny street at 4 o'clock last Sunday
morning and Funk fell, his head strik
ing the stone curh. with such force as
to fracture his skull. Patrolmen
Dougherty -and Springett arrested
Gloster and Detectives O'Day and Mul
cahey were detailed to make further
investigations. All the officers testi
fied at the inquest, where the verdict
was manslaughter, but the charge of
murder originally booked against Glos
ter was not altered.
In explanation of their neglect to file
a complaint the detectives stated that
since the inquest they had not time to
prepare the case. The Judge told them
that the verdicts of Coroners* juries
are not considered in the courts and
that the police should prepare their
evidence for the preliminary hearing
instead of for the Coroner's inquiry.
• • •
depositing garbage upon a public thor
oughfare. Police Judge Conlan, who
owes exclusive allegiance to neither of
the municipal departments aforemen
tioned, dismissed the case and advised
the complaining policeman to lay the
matter before the Mayor, with a view
of inducing that functionary to get the
Board of Public Works and the Board
of Police Commissioners together for
the purpose of adopting a common pol
icy in regard to the removal of bottles
from garbage boxes on the public thor
oughfares.
The Nevada County Miner says that
an examination will be made of an old
river channel that' underlies the town
of Weaverville, ln Trinity County. Pros
pecting drills have been started. If the
discoveries are satisfactory shafts will
be sunk.
The Tuolumne Independent reports
that W. C. Stanley has sold four-flfths
interest in the Alexandra, Little Blue,
Happy Hooligan, Josephine, Swiss and
Victor quartz mines, between the North
Fork and main Tuolumne rivers, to J.
Jerome Smith, E. ,H. Cary, E. C.
Thwarte and L. M. Cutting for $60,000.
J. B. Ferris has bought the Barney
Collins mine, in Kern County, near the
Bright Star property, owned by Park &
Lacey. He is also interested in the old
Keys mine, at Keysville.
The Redding Searchlight reports live
ly times at Bully Hill. Two furnaces
are going. A railroad is in construc
tion that will run to the Anchor mine
from the smelter at De La Mar.
The Tulare Register reports that sev
eral companies have been organized to
work borax deposits in the Frazer Riv
er Mountains.
According to the Redding Free Press
the "Whlskytown district hag become
one of the liveliest In Shasta County.
The placer mines in Murderers Gulch
will be operated. The mill at the Gam
brinus mine is about ready to start.
The Mad Ox mine Will soon be oper
ating.
The Nevada County Miner reports a
good strike in "Willow Valley at the
Buckeye mine.
Property values at Keswlck are \ re
ported to have fallen since It became
known that the Iron Mountain Copper
Company will e'stablish Its smelter ln
Contra Costa County. Conversely this
shows how mining plants add to values.
The Placer Herald reports that the
Gold Blossom and "Evening Star mines
are about to shut down. Lack of capi
tal to operate is given as the cause.
. An odd phase of mining is reported
by the Jamestown Magnet, which says
that two professional divers went down
In the Draper mine in, 112 feet of water
to the cylinder of the pump, knocked
out the rusty bolts and replaced them
with new ones, -then cleaned out the
accumulated debris from the valves
and returned to the surface. Then
pumping was resumed.
Two hundred men, so says the Treka
Journal, are employed at Humbug
Creek, at and above the forks. Several
mines are to be largely developed. Six
mining claims and mining ground have
been sold by T. J. Nolton to the Rail
road and Mining Membership of Colo
rado.
The force of men laid off some time ago at
the South Eureka mine has been put to work
again and everyt^lhg about that property is
continuing full blast. Good progress is being
made on underground developments, while the
building of an addition to the mill will be In
progress before long on top. Twenty stamps
ot the Ballol mill have been purchased from
that company, and they will be put In place
at the South Eureka.
At the old'Treadwell mine, situated not far
from Volcano, but more recently known as the
Diana, sold by M. D. NUon to the Seattle
company, considerable work has been going on
under the new management. A five-stamp mill
has been moved from near "Volcano to the
property and is crushing ore.
The general underground work at the Ken
nedy mine continues the same as usual, while
the work of building an addition to the new
mill at the east shaft and the moving of the
old one continues. All the machinery of the
forty-stamp old mill is ln readiness to be
moved when conditions are such at the new
mill to receive It. When those improvements
are made the Kennedy will have a 100-stamp
mill. This number of stamps have been drop
ping for some time at the Kennedy mine, but
when all are put in one building work will be
facilitated and expanse saved.
Concerning operations of well-known
mines in Amador County the Amador
Record says:
completed .before the combine was formed and
absorbed the original" owners. The Associated
is now hauling lumber to - rig up the wells
and has started work on them Mgaln, cleaning
them out and putting them on the pump. The
Reed Crude property, • which is now to be
opened . again, is on section 32 and is sepa
rated from that ln another part of the field
whloh has been worked by the combine.
OPERATIONS IN AMADOU.
Exhibition Proposed as a Means of Settling Dispute as to
Animal's Ownership, but He Dances W.th Equal Zest for
Rivai Claimants, One of Whom Feeds Him Doughnuts
Supervisors Recommend Sub
mission of Five Proposed
Amendments to the Voters
Dr. Poheim of Health Board
Takes Exception toRemark
of Supervisor d'Ancona
Recalls That This State Originally Advocated Department
. of Mines and Saysthe Need Is Greater Now Than Ever
in History of Industry Having Billion Dollars Output
WOULD CHANCE
THE CHARTER
CLASH BETWEEN
CITY OFFICIALS
MAHON URGES CALIFORNIA
MINERS TO ACT STRONGLY
EDUCATED CANINE PERFORMS
TO ENLIGHTEN JUDGE FRITZ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SATURDAY, JULY 23. . J9.0&
9
1 .1 B . B H B J< . ¦¦!¦. I;!,,!
j? x\ HiKi. . . i i ijIlIo.
We are presenting to want- ad-
. Tertlsers in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL '
The round polished sUverless
WORLD'S FAIR TOOTHPICKS
Put 1 up in Kstes' polished and
engraved turned wooden boxes.
:6hing your want ads
TO-DAY.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
Jules'. That's all. •
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR "S&k*
General Manager.
I*AST MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST TIMES TO-XIOHT AND SUNDAY.
Evg.. 23o to. 75c. Mats. Thura. ft Sat.. 23c to 50o
lA/HITrjE | And the Alcazar Stock Co"")
WHlTTLtbEY
In Anthony Hope's Famous Romance.
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA |
SPECIAl. MATINEE TUESDAY
By Students PAUL, GERSON SCHOOL OF
ACTING. First Time. Sudermann's "FRITZ-
CHEN" and Merits "THE PRAIRIE JUDG-
MENT." AUo "MARSE VAN." Seats tell-
ing at box offlc.
Monday. July 23— MR. WHITTLESEY In
"RUPERT OF HENTZAU." Sequel to "Th.
Prisoner of Zenda."
VAUDEVILLE'S ZENITH !
ROSE COGHLAN & CO.;
Julian Eon; Tha Mysterious SaacUrt
and Musical Kleis t. I.a»t Times of !••
Boy and Clayton; Es tells and Babetta
O'ArrUla; Cuxxninrbaxa and Smlta and
Barry Seeback.
Regular matinees every Wednesday. Thura-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c, 25«
and 60c.
Commencing TO-MORROW (SUNDAT) AFT-
ERNOON, the Sensation. of Two Continents.
CHARMIOM
The World's Moot Graceful an<i Darin*
Trapeze Performer. «
MR LAST NIGHT.
I AMCC MAT1NEE T(M)AY -
™7 THE COWBOY
N l'Lt AND THE LADY
neiiI^com^y TO-MORROW MATINEE.
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
Special Summer Prices — 15c. 23c. 50c.
Best Reserved Seat ln Orchestra, 50c.
f*.?)l IIIUl £88 A sunken
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME— DOUBLE BILL.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
ETHEL BARRY WORE
In the Comedy COTTSXJT XATE, followed
by the One-Act Study "CARSOT3."
Beginning Next Monday
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
In Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Success,
MICE AND M£JT.
— CALIFORNIA-.
MATKEE TO-DAY.
1 LAST TIME TO-NIGHT. ij
|hf* Special Season of Melodrama II
lgw by the ELMER WALTERS It
a^s, COMPANY. Presenting the 1
Phenomenal Success. fj
Z5C A THOROUGHBRED 11
TRAMP 0
ri» To-morrow-»-JTT9T STRUCK If
flllP TOWN. II
wuu Commencing with Sunday if
I Matinee. U
| COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS. ) I
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT — LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Matinees To-day and To-morrow.
Massive Production of the Great Irish His-
torical Drama,
|| ..ROBERT EMMEfT
Herschel Mayall In the Title Role.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
Irish Music, Vocal and Instrumental.
JIga and Reels by the Champion Oaello
¦ Dancers of America.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 8Oa
inlWCa Matinees lOo. 15c. 25o
Next — GATES OF JUSTICE.
; I I V \J L.I HOUSE-.
' Evenings at 8 Sharp.
l Promenade Circle 3d Floor, Smokery Pars»
' dlse. Elevator Always Running.
nHDIlll &AST 3 WEEKS
R hllU of tha Superb
I I « Comic Open
¦ • i«w ¦ ¦ m Success
piF~ HOOD
Beanty Chonu 1 1 W W lsf
Usual Tivoll Prlce«— 25c. 50c. 73c.
Seats Always SeUlng — Only Matinee Sat.
THE GREAT LAUGHINO SUCCESS,
"A Lucky Stone"
„ By Colltn Davis and Frank Wltmark.
• The Biggest Musical Hit ln Years.
Packed With Novelties and Specialties.
A Cast of Genuine Burlesque Artists.
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BAYES.
RICE and CADY, German Comedians.
BOBBY NORTH. Hebrew Comedian.
EDWIN CLARK.
BEN 'DILLON.
OARRITY SISTERS. '
Prize Beauty Chorus of Thirty.
Next Attraction— "THE WHIRL OF THtt
TOWN."
A Gigantic Spectacular Burlesque.
THE TOBXirS. BEAVSOW AJTD WXXJTT
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Eventa* in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
aillJIATTJSE EXECTVC SAUSOAS.
Two Touaff Iieonards ia the Zoo.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear tho Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
I,osa Yourself In the SSlxxoz Maze!
ADMISSION X0o I CHILDREN........ So
When Phoning Ask. for "The Chutes." ,
Weefly Gall $1.00 Der Year
GRAPE- XTTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGK HEADACHE
I " > I PositiTely cored by
ftADTTDC these Little Pills.
\//\ |\ I L I\O T^J" sdso r eUcTQ Dl3 -
jegBm tress Erom Dyspepsia. In-
Ejjppi | TT LE digestion and Too Hearty
Kg I \# IT D Eating 1 . A perfect rem-
m I V Ln edy for Dizziness, Nausea,
I PILLS. Drowsiness. Bad Tasta
111 B9 tti9 Mouth. Coated
!K-Wl-'"lSsl Tongue. Pain ln the Side.
—¦¦— I TORPID LIVER. THey
regulate toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SHALL PRICE.
CARTERSl CURE SICK HEADACfiE - i
IsBnTLE Genuine Must Bear
3 I VER Fac-Simile Signature
i PILLS. s? _>
PillflrP D0N ' T F AIL TO
laiaw; Bee the beautiful {
• j COURT Lounging ;
flfifl room, the EMPIRE j
auu parlor, the ;
H-««4 PALM ROOM, the |
UrSflQ LOUIS XV PAR- I
UlUUU LOR, tnd the LA- I
H A i l DIES' WRITING j
notels room. i
fiat/ t*|*|f P(% ' rom P t reI1 *^ fHW r«more&.
Mflf nfcV fcfl Symptoms nererreturn A com-
¦¦*• ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ "•" pl«t« and pirminnnt comtitu-
ANn ACTUUJI tlonal CURE . l..k It Irn.
Ad I flm A Writ* at one* for It, to
P. HAROLD HAVES. Buflfnlo, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
lNGLESIDE ;
COURSINOARK..
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Ceurslns will begin at 11 o'clock sharp and
continue until tha last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All MIsalon-tt. can transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park. .
• JOHN GRACE. Judge.
¦ EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. Seattle
AT RECREATION PARK,
- - EiKhth and Harrison sts.
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAT and FRIDAY,
3:30 P. M. . ,
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY
Advance ' sale ot seats at S Stockton st. *
And the
Puddings !
made f from
Grape-Nuts
are delicious, besides one
gets the sure rebuilding
result of that famous food.
"Ttere's a Reason."
World's Fair exhibit. Space 103.
Agricultural Building.A short hand goes with a Ion* f»ce.
championship, but none will be able
to go. MacGavin is out of town, Mur
dock is unable to leave on account of
business and Wlehe and Smith have
been forced to retire through Illness.
Alfonso Bell, the champion, is In the
East and there will be a new champion
of Southern California this year. That
this honor will fall to Fritz Overton
is almost a certainty. Two weeks ago
in the Ocean Park tournament Overton
beat Bell. This is the first tiine Bell
has losfin a tournament in nearly two
years. Overton has' always been a
crack player, but must have improved
considerably of late. He will play in
the September tournaments at San Ra
fael and the local cracks will undoubt
edly find him a stumbling block. Over
ton will probably be Bell's partner in
doubles.
A team of cricketers representing the
San Francisco County Club will play a
match this afternoon against an eleven
made ud and captained by the Rev. S.
H. Wingfleld-Digby," chaplain of the
Seamen's Institute. The San Francisco
County team will consist of H/ F.
Pepys, A. Davies, C. W. -Irish, <H. E.
Boulton, A. C. Chaawlck.' W. Petherlck,
Henry Ward Sr., A.-.W. Wilding,' T. H.
A. Tiedemann, H. N. Storrs and Henry
Roberts. The Seamen's Institute team
will be chosen from the following: The
Rev. S. H. Wingfield-Digby. the Rev.
J. D. Evans, Podmorc of the' British
ship Colgate, Holland and Watson, of
the ship Thalatta, Thompson of the
ship Alice A. Lee, Thomas of the ship
Whittlieburn; McArthur, Swan and
Hall of the ship Kynance, Eubank of
the ship Sllberhorn, • Mclnnes of- the
ship Norma and Brock of the ship Al
goa. The game will begin at 2:30 p. m.
on the ground at Webster street, Ala
meda. .-¦'' "'•?-¦ ~V". •••' ' .
To-morrow the Alameda and Pacific
elevens will meet for the third' time
during the present . season on - the
ground at Webster" street, Alameda,
Reckoning the results of ¦- play/ utyto
Saturday, July 16, Harold J B.' Richard
son of the San Francisco County Club
is at the head of the batting list with
an average for each completed inning
of 208 runs. E. H. Wilkes of the Pacific
Club startds at the head of the bowling
list, with an average of 7.88 runs for
each wicket. He has, however, bowled
little this year and has taken fewer
wickets than any «f the ten bowlers
whose names appear in the bowling list
except Harold B. Richardson and A.
McNamara.' The list of batting aver
ages follows: . ';';-..'•
• - • ¦ •
Plans for a thoroughly equipped
yacht clubhouse, with all modern con
veniences, were prepared some .time
ago and, though these cannot, be car
ried out completely at once, it has been
thought better ~to> make a start. ''The
club has outgrown , its., present, small
quarters and an anchorage nearer, to
the bay is much desired, so as to avoid
the beat out of the . estuary and the
long run home, which sometimes had
to. be, made against a foul tide with a
light breeze. The ceremony of driving
the first pile was to have been held last
Saturday, but.was delayed for lack of
the - necessary material.
.The annual, cruise of the San Fran
cisco and California^ Yacht , clubs- up
the Sacramento River begins .to-day.
The yachts-will, return -to their modt
ingsr at Sausalito and Oakland . Creek
on Sunday, July 31. . As Commodore
W.G. -Morrow will be on the cruise In
the flagship • Challenger, the ceremony,
of handing over the perpetual -challenge
cup -to the Corinthians,' which was to
have t been heldjat Tiburon next Satur
day evening, will be deferred to a later
day.' .">¦¦¦ • -.' ;•'... | >! ,'-*; :
At the Emeryville pier this afternoon,
the first pile will be driven for the
foundations .of the new clubhouse to
be built by the California Yacht Glub.
A little informal ceremony will accom
pany the operation. The California
Yacht Club Building Association ha's
been in existence for some, time, and
has collected, by installments, a con
siderable sum of money toward t.ie
construction of a new. clubhouse for
the amateur sailors of Oakland and
Alam'eda.
TARS WILL FLAY
COUNTY ELEVEN
NEW CLUBHOUSE
FOR YACHTSMEN
These valuable trophies have not
been up long but have already been
won twice by the same team. Herbert
Schmidt, one of the winners, is out of
town and the cups will go to* a new
team on Sunday. Rolfe and Schmidt
have their names on them twice. Smith
brothers, Allen and Hill and Allen and
Crawford have won the cups once, but
the 'latter is the only team now in the
competition.
On the Park courts the first and sec
ond classes will be completed to-mor
row and the third and fourth classes
commenced. In the first class there
will be three matches and they are all
expected to prove close and interesting.
Clarence Griffin and George Baker will
come together first and, although the
latter is expected to win, Grifflp is con
ceded a chance. He has been improv
ing lately, after having stood still for
about a year, and he will be a hard
man for the public court experts to
beat in future.
In. the other semi-final match Carl
Gardner and Robert Whitney will be
the contestants. Gardner Is a young
player who until recently has attracted
but little attention. In the last month
or two he Jias'beaten" some good men
and is playing a fine tournament game.
His opponent is an old player who has
seen his best days and it is doubtful if
he can take. Gardner's measure in his
present condition, i The Whitney of old
would have no. difficulty beating such
men as are in the first class, but he is
not playing the game he did once. The
seml-finals.wlll.be played at 10:30 and
the finals at 2:30.
;In the- second class but one match re
maifis to be played, and it should prove
a good one. Horace Mann and Fred
Adams will meetand they are so even
ly matched it would be hard to pick the
winner. Adams; ts erratic and cannot
be depended upon, while Mann plays a
steady, game and is always good for
about so muqh. He should beat Adams.
Mann is the only ambidextrous player
oh the coast. He ; is naturally right
handed and learned to play the game
with that hand. He now plays fully
as well if not better with his left hand.
The third and fourth class matches
will not be much to look, at, as the
players are possessed of but little skill.
They are . evenly matched, however,
and what they lack in skill they make
up for in enthusiasm.. ,,
The . twentieth annual "tournaments
for. the championship ofSouthern Cali
fornia will be held on the new courts
at Pasadena next week. The tourna
ments have always been held at Sat)i
Monica, but the. new courts are betttrr
and will- be given a .trial. Earlier In
the year four of the local players ex
pected to go' south' ana try for the
As a rule tennis tournaments are not
held on the local courts between the
July and September championship
events. This year the players are so
numerous that those who are out of
town will not be missed. There will be
tournament play almost every Sunday
up to September 1, and the California
Club for the first time in years will
hold a tourney in July. It will be a
handicap doubles and will be for the
Directors' cups.
California Club, Plans the
First July Tournament to
Be Held in Many Years
TENNIS EXPERTS
OUT FOR HONORS
Tillie R, Hudson. Amandan, Rural
Artist, Duhallow, Gold Chain, Raclns
Auto, Sacramento Boy, Real Article.
Mickey Free. Laughing Water, Rocker
Arm, Mellenwood, Rapid Water, Texas
Mamie, Fancy Free, J E H, The Ref
eree, Free From Flaw, Renegade
Apache, Gambit, Honest Jqhn, Vandal,
Roman Athlete, Texas Hoo Hoo, Una.
Conroy and Lord Brazen.
The probable winners at Ingleslde
are: Frank Dunn, Modesto Boy, Top
sy Turvy, Secretive, Tom Hurlick,
Fannie Hughle. Yellowtail, Colored
Lady, Gunfire, Gold Lily, Vina, Rey
Dare, Pepper Jack, Luckr Shamrock.
Maid of the Glen. Chile Mara. Dart
away, Belfast, Rich Array, Real Pasha,
Adonis, Big Klamath, Imperious, Jer
ry Wright, Piccadilly. Young Kerry-
Pippin, Jack Short. Frisky Boy, Run
away Actress, Commercial Traveler,
Miss Brummel, Emin Bey, Pomona.
Fiddler, Bright Fortune. Miss Florence,
John C. Heenan, Donnybrook, Van
Alba, Tralee Lass, Golden Garter,
Queen of Isle. Colder- Fortune, Orsina,
Pure Pearl, Fenli, Wedgewood. Full
Moon, Annie Ryan. Gllmore, General
Fremont, Modest Beauty, Old Iron
sides, Reckless Acrobat, Daisy D and
Lost Cnord.
Only accredited delegates to the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee are enti
tled to nominations in this stake. It is
expected that a full j representation of
the members will result In a twenty
four-dog stake. Each member will do
his utmost to secure the strongest
courser he can possibly get to run for
him and this should bring twenty-four
of the select dogs together.
Bids for the Mississippi Valley Fu
turity for whelps of 1903 and the Amer
ican Waterloo Cup will be opened Au
gust 1. It is expected that the club
at Friend, Nebr., will likely secure
the first event. The newly organized
Chicago club will bid for the Ameri
can "Waterloo Cup. Several wealthy
men are behind this club and its bids
might possibly secure both events.
The Mississippi Valley Futurity causes
much interest among breeders. In the
last running of this stake 12S dogs
were entered from different parts of
the country and the event resulted in
some of the greatest trials of young
hounds ever held.
One of the best betting events of the
season will take place at Ingleside
Coursing Park when Doreen and Lily
Wright are to hook up in a match
race for the best three out of five
courses. These fleet dogs have met on
several occasions, each dog gaining a
victory over the other, and it has be
come a toss up as to which hound is
the better. The owner of each hound
is so sanguine that his charge is the
one that a match for $100 a side was
made as the result and the association
added to the purse.
Any doubt about the relative merits
of the dogs should be removed after
Sunday, as three wins for either should
be a fair test. The hares at the pres
ent time are in such strong form that
excellent trials should result. The fol
lowing are the probable winners at
Union Park to-morrow:
On next Tuesday the committee of
arrangements will meet to receive bids
from managers of the different cours
ing parks relative to running the An
nual California Coursing Committee
stake. The park offering the best in
ducements will get the stake. This
stake will be run on August 14 and is
for the benefit of the committee. The
park that makes the largest offer for
this event will have full sway on that
day. The other parks will be closed
down, so that the event will prove a
financial success.
Among the dogs that are likely to be
entered are Barge, winner of the Grand
National Champion stakes; Pocatelli.
the fleet son of Emln Pasha: Richard
Anton, McVey; Sacramento Boy, twice
winner of the John Grace challenge
cup; Full Moon; Tom King, the Los
Angeles champion, and Palo A1U>.
Eugene Geary's wonderful courser,
whose record as a stake winner has
never been surpassed in this country or
In England. Rector will represent G.
Lacy Crawford, the St. Louis million
aire sporting man. The pick of the
high-class hounds now performing will
be nominated.
The first big annual coursing event
of the year, the Ladies' Day Champion
stake, will be run at Union Coursinjr
Park Sunday. July 31. It is expected
that this event will bring out sixteen
of the fleetest hounds now In the run
ning. This stake is to be run under the
auspices of the Interstate Coursing
Club and the entrance fee is placed at
$25.
Doreen and Lily Wright Arc
Matched for a Eace and
Sports Predict Great Trial
OLD FAVORITES TO BUN
Ladies' Day Event at Union
Park Attracts the Atten
tion of Hound Fanciers
OWNERS OF DOGS
INTERESTED IN
CHAMPION STAKES
Wants Shares and Damages.
The Great Eastern Guaranty Com
pany yesterday comenced suit against
the Realty Investment Company for
S5000 damages for the wrongful with
holding of 26,000 shares of stock In
the latter corporation belonging to the
plaintiff. The ' investment company
was incorporated In 1902 for the pur
pose of doing a real estate business,
v.ith a capital of 50,000 shares valued
at $10 each, and the guaranty com
pany became the owner of 26,000
shares represented by certificate No.
13. A demand for the delivery of the
shares was made on June 7 last, but it
was refused. Hence the demand for
damage* and the recovery of the
stock. William H. H. Hart is attorney
for the plaintiff corporation.
AMSTERDAM, July 22.— It is . understood
that Leeds, tbe former .- diplomatic agent of
tbe Transvaal In Europe, Is trytn* to arnnfe
with Premier Knyper for the conveyance -of
th« bodr of former President Kraser to South
Africa oa board a Dutch warship. fifTS
Advices • from Independence Lake
would indicate' that the fishing there
this year is very poor.
Advices from the upper Sacramento
indicate that the stream is still high.
Colonel Keliehor, who is an expert in
such matters, is of the opinion that the
volume of water in the river is from
twelve to eighteen inches too high at
the, present time. The colonel, who is
at present at Castella, averages about
a dozen fair-sized. trout each night.
Judge Nusbaumer of Oakland, who
has a fishing lodge at Sweet Brier,
near Castella, Is pronounced the best
fisherman on the river. He is invari
ably successful. The trout areas plen
tiful in the river as ever, but they are
becoming wary and it requires an ex
pert, to get them out. ,'
Jim Loftus and a friend recently took
seventy-three brook trout out of Castle
Creek, some five miles from Castella. i
i , .i
: S " E S F0R PERSONAL DAMAGES._Ed
ward Dexter yesterday sued the United Rail
roads for damages: jn the lun of $1S.3*X 13
for Pfmonal injuries allied to have* been-x4
celved on -March 16. when he waa a passenger
° n * .f^f-^Tet car.. „ He declares that he
was alichtln* from the car in the darkjmd no
warning con* or light told him of a "car ap
proaching on the other track. He was struck I
he says, and his arm and three ribs wer«
broken.
T. C. Kenniff*and his party are still
at the Country fClub and are living in
hopes that the- fishing will improve
there. ' The refuse from the paper mills
is- again being dumped in the creek,
and this is believed to have hurt the
fishing to a certain extent.
There seems to be more good fishing
in the Lake Tahoe region this year
than in any of • the other streams and
brooks. Yesterday more than, 1000
pounds of trout were shipped to this
city from that 'vicinity. Most . of ' the
fish were of fairly good size, many of
them averaging away " above > the or
dinary. The. reports .from that region
have attracted many, anglers from this
city, and several parties left- for there
during, the past week." •
Reports from Aptos, Capitola, Mon
terey and Santa Cruz would ' indicate
that the salmon fishing there, is; very
good. Rev. Father O'Ryan and party
met with unusual success during the
last few days. They shipped a quantity
of splendid salmon- to 1 friends in ' this
city on Friday, and say, that the big
fellows are running well there. '"
Angling at the preserves of the Coun
try Club has been a great", disappoint
ment this season. < Many of. the fisher
men have left in disgust after failing
to land any fish. The waters there ha\e
not jret subsided.' Expert fishermen'; be
lieve that the trout will be more pien-.
tiful there in a few dayc
During the last week -the waters .of
the various mountain streams and riv
ers have subsided; to. a certain degree,
and in consequence the. fishing. has im
proved slightly. However, it is not yet
at its best,- and many' of the" local
anglers are patiently waiting for a
Veek or so'before' starting but in quest
of the speckled beauties:* .•S,.
Speckled Beauties; Are Plentiful at Like T^hoe. and Good
Catches Are Made on the Upper Sacrrmento.
WATERS OF CREEKS SUBSIDE
AND THE FISHING IMPROVES
TWO WELL. KNOWN LOCAL FISHERMEN AND A PAIR OF FAIR ROD WIELD
KRS WHO HAVE MET WITH MUCH SUCCESS WHILE ANGLING FOR THE
SPECKLED BEAUTIES IN MOUNTAIN STREAMS.
The California circuit will open at
Pleasanton next Wednesday. Every
thing points to a very successful meet
ing. A side stake of $25 each has been i
arranged by those who have nomina
tions in the Pacific Breeders' Futurity
Btakcs for foals of 1904 to trot and
pace in 1907. T. J. Crowley, one of the '
directors of the Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association, suggested this novel
feature and it has been christened the
Crowley stake. It will close August 1.
The Chamber of Commerce stake,
which is worth $5000 and is for pacers
of the 2:24 class, will be decided on
Monday, the first day of the Detroit
meeting. The California mare, China
Maid, is entered in this race and there
is an excellent chance for her to win
it. Baron Grattan, Ed Geers* entry,
has been looked upon as a "pipe" for
this event, but he hooked up against
China Maid last week at Columbus and
the beat him two, heats in 2:0S 1 ,i and
2:05 T ,i. the fastest heats ever paced by
any horse in its first race. The race
was one of those novelty affairs of
three heats, in which every heat is a
race by itself.
In the third heat Baron Grattan beat
the Maid by a nose in 2:0S*i and that
«nded the race. China Maid was bred
by Thomas Drais of Farmington, this
Htate, and picked out by "Farmer"
Bunch for Ho Yow, the former Chinese
Consul at San Francisco, whose ambi
tion to become a trotting horse owner
led to his recall to China. Before leav
ing he disposed of his horses for about
one-tenth their cost and China 'Maid
fell into J. M. Nelson's hands, who took
her East two years ago. She was turn
ed over to- Millard Sanders last winter,
but he does not drive her, as she wears
the hopples and Sanders absolutely re
fuses to drive a hoppled horse. China
Maid is driven in her races by J. Mc-
Laughlin. /
The California horses got most of the
money at Columbus last week, where
i he curtain raiser for the circuit waa
held. Among the winners were Judge
Greene, Blackthorn, China Maid, Stan-
Icy Dilloti and Consuela S, while second
money was .won by the McKinney
mare. Leta, twice, Ben F, Trilby Di
rect, Consuela S and Leonora. The
iccords gained during the meeting by
the winners from this State were:
China Maid, 2:05%: Judge Greene.
2:09*4; Stanley Dillon, 2:11»4; Black
thorn, 2:13*i. and Consuela S, 2:10?;.
Millard Sanders won two heats of the
2:08 pace at Columbus with Al Bock.
The time was 2:0SU and 2:08 and then
Charley de Ryder captured the third
with the California mare. Trilby Direct,
in 2:05U- This mare looks like a 2:04
performer this year.
It looks very much as If the first big
trotting classic of the year, the famous
M. and M. $10,000 stake for horses of
the 2:24 class will be won by a Cali
fornia bred horse. Stanley Dillon is
the name of the trotter that is now a
J)ig favorite for the race and his per
formance at Columbus last week,
where he took a record of. 2:11 % In
i he third heat of his first appearance
in public, has caused him to be picked
as the probable winner of Detroit's
j-reat annual event.
Stanley Dillon is a bay gelding: by
Sidney Dillon, sire of that wonderful
mare, Lou Dillon, that holds the
world'* champion record of 1:5S%. He
was sold at the Blue Ribbon sale at
Cleveland last year with other horses
consigned by the Santa Rosa Stock
Farm and brought but $560, J. H.
Brown of Detroit purchasing him and
vjrning hJm over to the great relnsman
Ed Geers to train. At Columbus last
veek, Geers started Stanley Dillon in
his first race. The gelding acted like
h well seasoned campaigner and made
it three straight. The first heat was In
2:15 a i. the second in 2:12H and the
third in 2:11*;.
The other horses on which last pay
ment in the M. and M. has been made
are: Allie Jay, Emma Hoyt, Lison
jero, Italia, Jolly Bachelor. Blackthorn,
Miss Rosedale, Ruth C, Bessie Birch
wood. Miss Gay and Miss Jeannette.
Of these Lisonjero, Italia and Black
thorn are California bred. Lisonjero
was bred at Palo Alto and is by Dex
ter Prince. He has trotted a mile in
2:13^i this year. Italia is a mare by
Zombro ana" pulled a wagon in 2:11*4 in
a matinee race at Cleveland. Black
thorn is by Hawthorne. He won' at
< 'olumbus last week, getting a record
of 2:13U- But while all these perform
ances are good and of M. and M. qual
ity. Stanley Dillon has shown so much
• lass that he is looked upon as the one
most likely to annex the big end of the
Ftake. r
California Steeds All Make
Splendid Showings on the
Various Eastern Circuits
CHINA MAID DOES WELL
decent Performances of the
Trotter Have Placed Him
in Esteem Among Turfmen
STANLEY DILLON
MAY LAND GREAT
CLASSIC STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY 23,V 1904.
WELL-STOCKED TROUT STREAMS ATTRACT ANGLERS TO MOUNTAINS
10
CALIFORNIA CRICKET ASSOCIATION BATTING AVERAGES, JULY 16.
1S04.
BATSMAN AND CLUB.
Times
% at
Bat.
Times Most
not In an
;Out.: Inning. Total.
Average,
H. B. Richardson. San Francisco
A. W. Wilding;, Pacific : .."
'A. Jenklnn. Santa Crua '-::: . ... ¦
A. H. Wilkes. Pacific...
E.M. Petersen. San Francisco
¦H. D. Bowly, Pacific. .......i. .....;
B. M. Foster, Alameda Y
W. Petherick, Pacific
J\ J. Croll. Alameda '^.:.... .i.
O. H. Ward, Alameda .....t. ........
H. Roberts, Ban Francisco
F. J. Bennlon, • Alameda • . ;
W. A. McNamara. Santa Crus
W. H. MeNaughton. v Alameda.
F. A. Stahl. Alameda ........•.....'...
W. R. 8t«wart, San Francisco .f. .......... .
J. Myers, Pacific
?Not »ut.
6
6
6
4
5
5
7
4
0
5
7
6
7
6
' 4
5
4
2
.1
r>
l
2
o
O-,
ft
1
2
1
0
0
1
0
•103
•107
•50
101'
•65
•29
•50
•41
' 40
71
Stt
•54
?*2
.45
31,
14
- 21 -
416
. 221
1S9
ISt
110
76
125
67
125
13S
' 73
•S6
85
117
97
3«
52
I
203,00
.55.25
46.33
48.00
27; 50
25.3:5
25.00
22. at
20. at
19.71
19.30
17.20
17.00
16.71
16. IR
12.00
10.40
CALIFORNIA CRICKET ASSOCIATION BATTING AVERAGES, JULY 16.
1S04.
BATSMAN AND CLUB.
Times
% at
Bat.
Times Most
not In an
;Out.: Inning. Total.
Average,
H. B. Richardson. San Francisco
A. W. Wilding;, Pacific : .."
'A. Jenklnn. Santa Crua '-::: . ... ¦
A. H. Wilkes. Pacific...
E.M. Petersen. San Francisco
¦H. D. Bowly, Pacific. .......i. .....;
B. M. Foster, Alameda Y
W. Petherick, Pacific
J\ J. Croll. Alameda '^.:.... .i.
O. H. Ward, Alameda .....t. ........
H. Roberts, Ban Francisco
F. J. Bennlon, • Alameda • . ;
W. A. McNamara. Santa Crus
W. H. MeNaughton. v Alameda.
F. A. Stahl. Alameda ........•.....'...
W. R. 8t«wart, San Francisco .f. .......... .
J. Myers, Pacific
?Not »ut.
6
6
6
4
5
5
7
4
0
5
7
6
7
6
' 4
5
4
2
.1
r>
l
2
o
O-,
ft
1
2
1
0
0
1
0
•103
•107
•50
101'
•65
•29
•50
•41
' 40
71
Stt
•54
?*2
.45
31,
14
- 21 -
416
. 221
1S9
ISt
110
76
125
67
125
13S
' 73
•S6
85
117
97
3«
52
I
203,00
.55.25
46.33
48.00
27; 50
25.3:5
25.00
22. at
20. at
19.71
19.30
17.20
17.00
16.71
16. IR
12.00
10.40NEW YORK, July 22.— A London
cablegram to the World says: Whole
some looking 'American athletes were
the center of attraction in the corridors
at ' the Metropole . Hotell London, to
night until they ;-were hustled off to
bed at 10 o'clock; by watchful trainers.
The team arrived 'from Brighton this
afternoon all fit- to.'iriake the contest
of their lives at the Queens Club. Mike
Murphy says their chances of winning
are even. ?¦
Clapp and Schick agree in this opin
ion. It is conceded that the Americans
will win the sprint, hurdles, hammer
throw, one jump and possibly both,
but the result- seems to hinge upon the
quarter mile race, which promises to be
a terrific fight. Long and Daives and
Barclay are all phenomenally fast. The
Englishmen expect to win the mile,
half mile and two mile runs and one
jump, making the odd event of nine de
cisive. ¦ - '¦;•>¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ • ¦ , - - v
Seating accommodations for Amer
ican visitors in London ; have been ex
hausted and tickets are at a premium.
On Sunday the of the teor.i
will be the gues'ts of the Earl of Yar
mouth on- the-Thames and on- Monday
they will visit Cambridge as guests of
the University athletes. Tuesday there
will be a reception In the' American
embassy and then they will separate
for the summer.
Yankee Team . Arrives in London
Looking the Picture of Health ,
and Strength.
AMERICAN ATHLETES READY
FOR THE ENGLISH CRACKS
In* the finals the Coronado was dis
abled in the second race. This made it
easy for the Apache, as the Coronado
was her only rival in the finals. The
Corofiado won the second section clev
erly, but met with hard luck in the
finals.
The regular Sunday races for the
pennant will be held to-morrow, , when
Collier's rules "Will be given another
trial . _
sport. If the same success is met with
to-morrow and next Sunday the new
rules will undoubtedly be adopted at
the next club meeting.
Under the new rules a boat drops out
after it loses three races. The old rules
made if necessary for a boat to finish
first or Becond in a heat to qualify for
the semi-finals, and first In the latter
to get aplace in the final. Collier's sys
tem divides the boats into sections. As
each boat loses three races it drops out
until ¦ but one remains. In the
final race the winners of the sections
come' together and race until one has
lost three times. This certainly looks to
be a fair test, as any boat getting three
chances cannot set up the cry of "hard
luck" or "fluke."
Last Sunday William Boeckner's
Apache again carried off the honors.
The Apache is an old-timer and has
won many pennants for her owner. On
Sunday she made a remarkable record.
She won every race in which she par
ticipated and made the best time for
the day. Nearly all of the boats sailed
consistently. The wind was too strong
to make record time, but the time made
by the boats in the various races does
not vary much. In four out of five races
the Apache's time was between 3:40 and
3:50.
Collier's new racing rules governing
Sunday model yacht races were tried
last Sunday for the first time and were
voted a great success^by one and all.
The races were by far the best held up
to date and were run off on an average
of five to an hour. When Collier intro
duced his rules at the last meeting they
met with considerable opposition* It
was argued that it would take more
than a day to dispose of the pennant,
and the races, which had heretofore
given the yacht owners great pleasure,
would become irksome and kill : the
Collier's System Will Be Given An
other Trial In the Races
To-Morrow. • •
MODEL YACHTSMEN THINK
WELL OF THE NEW RULES
NEW. YORK, July 22. — Following
are the entries for to-morrow at
Brighton Beach:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Caper
Sauce 112. Voladay 112, Buttling 112, Jerry C
112, Martha Gorman 100, Pink Garter 109
Peggy 107, Racino 102. Bill Bailey 102. King
Cole 102, Phoebus 102, Petit Due 102, Only
One 102, Belligerent 102, Lang Dolan 102,
Cairngorm 102.
Second race, full course, steeplechase Lav
ator 167, Land of Clover 167, Foxhunter lffl
Flying Buttress 159, Opuntia 150, Candles 150,
Redpath 147, Mystic Shriner 147, Maiden 147.
(Redpath and Land of Clover, Chamblett en
try; Lavator. and Maiden, Colt entry.)
Third race, five furlongs, the Venua stakes
Schulamlte 124, Tradition 124, Czaraphlne 119,
Ascot Belle 104, Campo 104, Sparkling 104,
Zeala 104. (Tradition. Czaraphlne and Zeala,
Paget entry.)
Fourth race, one and a half miles, the
Brighton Derby, $15,000 — Broomstick 126, Ort
Wells 126. Knight Errant 12«. Bobadil .111,
Pentaur 111. (Ort Wells and Bobadil,. Drake
entry.)
Fifth race, six furlongs — Right and True
113. The Musketeer 113, Counterpoise 110.
Princess Titania 110, Jack Ratlin 107; Atwood
107, Knobhampton 107. Monster 106, Turquoiso
Bluo IO5, Durazzo 105, Emergency 104, Julia
M 102. Gold Dome 102, Consideration 99, Orls
kany 97, For Luck 97. , ' ¦ . -. •••..•» «.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Grand Opera 126, Rosetint 121, Sheriff
Bell 117, Lord Badge 116. The Cricket- 115,
Chattah 105. Gold Dome 105, Illyrla 104.
' Seventh race, six furlongs^ — Brooklynite 110.
Waterford 107, Mall . 107, Bouvler 107. Lem
Rped 107, Obligator 107. Commonetta 105. Ikkl
105, Merry Moments 105, Baby M 105, Mutiny
105, May Holladay 105, Dauphin 102. Tide 102,
Margaret O 1C0, Belle of Bellemeade 100.
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 22.— By bunching hits Chi
cago defeated New York to-day, six to foui-.
Attendance 7000. Score:
B. H. E.
Chicago 6 13 2
New York 4 10 0
Batteries— Briggs and Klinp; Taylor. Wiltse
and Warner. Umpires — Emslie and O'Day.
PITTSBURG, July 22. — The game was dull
and uninteresting, with Brooklyn a hopeless
loser. Attendance 2550. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg , 7 14 0
Brooklyn 2 8 1
Batteries — Case and Smith; Poole and Rlt
ter. Umpire — Zimmer.
Batteries — Taylor and Grady; Duggleby and
Roth. Umpire — Johnstone. .
ST. LOUIS. July 22— St. Ixrals defeated
Philadelphia In a loosely played gume to-day.
Both Tavlor and Duggleby were. • hit hard
throughout the game. In the second inning a
fast high lnshoot struck Lush on the head,
knocking him senseless.* Attendance 290O.
Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 11 "14 1
Philadelphia 5 12 3
Batteries — Harper and Schlel; Carney,' W11-.
helm and Moran. Umpires—Carpenter and
Moran. •- .'• : . .
Batteries — Walker and Peltx; MeNichols,
Wilhelm and Needham. Umpire's— Carpenter
and Moran.
Second game — R. H. ,' E.
Cincinnati 12 18 1
Boston 7 ' 14 '2
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. ! July 22. — Cincinnati?. 1 : won
both games to-day from Boston. The>flr8|'?,V» - a&"
an interesting exhibition. Both- • teams^hlt •
hard In the second game. Attendance 36OO. ;
Scores: -;¦ '. . '. • '
First came — _ -R. H. -- E<.
Cincinnati .......;.. 4 •' ¦-. -*>¦ > '1 -
Boston .-. .. . 3 ¦' 6 0
Batteries — Pelty and Kahoe; Young and
Criger.
BOSTON. July 22— St. Louis won another
loosely played game from Boston to-day. The
locals could not bat Pelty safely, while j St.
Louis followed' up Boston's errors and Young's
bases on balls with hits. Attendance 2500.
Score :
R. H. E.
Ft. Louis ,.5 0 2
Boston ,.2 5 4
PHILADELPHIA, "July 26.— The inatiility of
the.home team to hit - Bernard consecutively
gave an «asy victory, to-day. At-.
tendahce'1600.- Score: . -
- • - ... r. h. E.
Cleveland 4 : 11 . 0
Philadelphia .0 . 9 1
Batteries— Bernard and Bemls; Bender and
Powers.
WASHINGTON'. July 22.— Washington and
Detroit played' thirteen Innings' without either
side .scoring. The game was called -on account
of darkness. Attendance &U0O.-, Score: j :
' • R. . H. E.
Washington- 0 ' 8 •¦ 2
Detroit .*..:.......'...;.... ..^0. 3 . ' 2
Batteries— Patten . and Clark; Killian /and
Wood; ¦ ¦ .-...;. . + . .
NEW YORK.' July" 22. —New York dropped
back to third place in the pennant race tb-day
by losing to Chicago. Attendance 1600. Score:
R. it.. E.
New York ...* .••. .5 ,-9 .2
Chicago : '. .-; ...6 12 ¦• O
Batteries — Powell and McGulre; Altrock,
Smith and McFarland. , -¦ : . ». ¦,
AMERICAN LEAGUE
ST. LOUIS, July. 22.— Pretension just
got up in time to win the feature race
here to-day from Orient and Imboden.
Boaster, which ran Jack. Young to a
head Thursday, was disgracefully
beaten. Favorites and outsiders divided
the card. , Weather clear; track fast.
Attendance, 5000 . Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. BC \ Fin.
15 to 1— Bandillo, 97 (J. Conway) 12 4 115
12 to 1— Turranda, 105 (Watson). . 9 3 3 2 2
15 to 1— Mingore, 100 (Vanderbout) 2 4 H 3 14
Time, 1:16. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
C. Schwacker's b. g. (3) by Rossington-Mar-
Jory. Anyway 05. Roommate 107. Trojan 105.
Tom Rowe 102. Tom Mankin 102. Oria 95.
Bountiful 107. Arthur 10O. Easter Walters 100.
Modoc 102. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Flv* furlongs; two-year
olds:
Betting. Hor**, Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin.
15 to 1— Opinion. 100 <3. Dickaon) 6 2 3 1 n»
40 to t— Tim Hurst, 108 (Booker>. 2 1 Hi2 n
15 to 1 — A. Muskoday. 10S (Wkrt).lO 5H34
Time, l:03ii. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C.'-E. Burnett & Co.'s' c. f. (2"> by
Russell -Option. Sweet Swaar 10O. Aboard 108
Trixle Whit*.* lOO, Fruit 100. Walter Canday
103. Auroceiver 105. Lucky Charm 10S. GIpu
crelth 103. Anlmos 10S. T. O. Cook 100. Colonel
Preston 1C3. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up: >
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jookey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Harfang. 94 iMcLanghlinHO 4 1 1 ns
15 to 1— Ha* Lowery. OS (Gilmore) 4 3 1 2 1^
6 to 1— Dave Somers. 107 (Wilsin) 5 9 4 3n
Time,- 1:1C';. Start good. Won driving.
Winner.- China & Forsythe's b. c. <3) by Mars-
Owlet. Conundrum 107. Senator Sullivan 102
Sol Smith 94. Irby Bennm 10S. Dallas 102.
Lord Qu<x 105. Happy Chappy 1H.\ Pierre J
10O, W. P. Palmer 01. Jimalong 102. Wounded
Knee 110, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and twenty
yards; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Pretension. 91 iMclghn).. 2 2 1 Ini
4 to 1— Orient. S3 (A. Walsh) 1 12 2 1
6 to 1— Imboden. 05 IW. Davis)... 3 32 3 7
Time. 1:48. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. P. M. CJvill's b. (?. (M> by Oriflamb-
Vanity. Boa3ter 1"."5, Ada N ICo, finished aa
named.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old»:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Prin. Orra. Iiirt (D. Austn) 3 2 -'5 in
16 to 1— Franco. 95 (Vanderbout) 1 3 I'i2 H4
15 to 1— Garret Wilson, lutls^dar) 4 4^ ." n
Time, 1 :C»». Start good. "Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Haym & Co's. b. f. (2) by Orna
ment-Princess Over. Dromio Iffll A Ladv too.
Gay Adelaide 102. Eduardo 105, Milton Toua*
10:;, finioliedas named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and vj>:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 1— J. W. O'Neill. !H (H.And> I 11 1 1 14
20 to 1 — Evening Star. 1C5 iLndsy) 5 22 2 2
i to 1— Dolly Gray. UXl iD.Austn) « 3 li 3 HJ
Tlir*. 1:15. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. E. Trotter's ch. g. by Peter McCne-
Fern. Tally H. Sid Silver. Erema. Benson
hurst. J. P. Mayberry. Laura Hunter finished
as named. Mlsa Manners and Two Lick lost
riders. *
FAIR GROUNDS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 22. — Following aro
the entries for to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds:
First race, one and a half miles, selling-—
Beana 1OK. Mae Miller 105. Admettus 103.
George VlTlan-102. Flora Bright 102, Misa Eon
07. Murmur 07, Goo Goo 97.
Second race, cne mile and seventy yards,
sellinj^-Lee King 100. Ivcroia 107. Dr. Kler
107. Caithness 104, Caterpillar 104. Varna Fon
so 102, Second Mate 102. Salve 101, Th« Buga
boo 10O. Tottenham 9f>. Little Corker 00. Trap
setter 98. Lustig 92, Scalper 92.
Third race, six furlongs — Ice Water 112. Min
dora 110. Frank Bell ltJ9. Frank Collins 103.
Tristan Shandy 103. Claremont 101, Tower OS.
Rebo as.
Fourth race, five furlongs, the Xatlve Nur
sery Stakes^ — Plnkerton 125. Woodlands 1H.
Dameron 115. Beknighted ll:J. Moonet 1OS.
(Ptnkerton and Woodlands, Schreiber entry-)
Fifth race, ore and an eighth miles — Bessi*
McCarthy 1GT>, Lacy Crawfonl 99, Leenja 85.
Athena 94, Elle 92. Mildred L 86.
Sixth race one mile and seventy yards — Jiclc
Young 1C6 The Regent 105. Old Stone 08, Fly
ing Torpedo 105. Falkland 9S. Just So 05.
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling — Ladas
112, One More 106. Happy Chappy 1C5, Mohava
104, Flyer 104, Jake Weber 104. Avcid lfti.
Rosecourt 102. Dusky 100, Lady Vashtl 100,
Potter 96, Owasca 9t>, Oudon 93, Mordella 98.
Weather clear; track good.
The drawings for the third and
fourth classes, which will meet on the
tennis courts in the park to-morrow,
were held last night and resulted aa
follows: i
Third class, preliminary round — O. • Hall ¦*».
J. Reid. Howell vs. Lemon. Wheeler vs. Sobey.
First round— Guerln vs. Baker, Allan a by«,
Dr Lovegrove v». M. Long. "- . ¦. r ¦¦
Fourth," class; preliminary rotind — Gtyna '¦?3.
Burrough, Girnst rv«.- vrilgM. Saul vs. Allan
Edwards vs. Darns. Gets vs. Price. Peiek y»
Kerns, ¦ Miller vs. " Mergutre. ¦ First nond —
Brown vs. Joseph. Singleton vs. Hawaii, Qulca
vs. Martin. Wollenbers v». Johnson.
Tennis Players Drawn.
The Scottish bowling tournaments
are .progressing slowly and many
matches remain to be played In the
singles. About two matches are played
each Saturday afternoon. Many of
those entered in the tournament are
out of town for the summer and it i9
impossible- in most cases to get the
players together. In another month
the cracks will be home and some
lively • tournament matches will ba
played. : - L?i <: •• - a
Despite the absence of many clubi
members players appear to be as num
erous on Saturdays as heretofore. Tha
rinks are crowded all afternoon and
the players indulge in some lively
practice games. The green is in ex
cellent shape and the bowlers are be
coming very accurate.
' Many new players have taken ufl
the game and are learning It with sur
prising rapidity. Judge Lucien Shaw
is the latest embryo player and Is al
ready clever enough to hold up hia
end in a foursome with the best play
ers. John T. Dare is another novice
at the game who has come to the
front with a rush. Mr. Dare has ac
complished much since he took up the
game about a year ago.
Dr. Hamilton has not played the
game many years, but is considered
a top notcher. He has bowled won
derfully in the doubles and with tV.
R. Eaton as a partner Is expected to
win them. They have won a place in
the finals, although drawn in the hard
est half. Play will be resumed in the
singlas . to-day, but the doubles
matches will have to go over for tome
time.. , .
ABSENCE OF BOWLERS .
MAKES THE PLAY SLOW
First race — Miss Eon, Goo Goo,
Murmur.
Second race— Varna Fonso, Scalper,
Caithness.
Third race— Ice Water, Rebo, Frank
Bell.
Fourth race— Schreiber's entry, Mo
net, Dameron.
Fifth race — Elie, Athena, Leenja.
Sixth race — Just So, The Regent,
Falkland.
Seventh race^ — One More, Rosecotirt,
Flyer.
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO.'JuIy 22.— Amusing inci
aents};were is the steeple
chase, the second and feature event of
a' poor card"' ; at' Hawthorne to-day, i
which Was wpn "by an extreme out
sider, Farthingale, at 30 to 1. Kins'
CJaJong, , at S to. 1, was second ami
Weirdthirct.after the latter had fallen
iand. hisrjocJtey remounted. Poorland3
and t Weird- were .the two choices, but
both • fell;* while King Talius, the only
one left td race- for third, refused the
tenth, jump, i L. O'Brien made a dozen
futile efforts to get the old horse over,
as third was a' certainty if he would
only go -the rqute.\ Pemberton, who
rode Weird,' was lying on the ground at
the sixth jump, apparently badly in
lured, but his mount- had stopped close
by, and when he saw ..that King Tatius
would: not. Jump Jie remounted and fln
ishedjthird, five j minutes or more after
Farthingale and King Galong hadUeft
the Infield.
Americano turned a somersault form
reversal in the third race, which ap
parently was not unexpected by some
who backed him from 16 to 1 down to 9
to 1, despite the fact that he was beaten
oft! last a few days ago in the same
company.
To-day he simply ran away from his
field, leading "by six lengths into the
stretch and then, winning unextended.
"Big Bill" Knapp rode two winners.
Rain fell shortly after noon, making
the track slow and sticky. ~ The
weather was clear and warm and the
attendance light, effected by an early
rain, which fell about the time the
racetrack trains left the city. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE-^Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
celling: . . • "" - • ,, „
Betting. "¦'• Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %, Fin.
13 to 10— Envsrite, 107 (Knapp).. 3 16 14
6 to 1— My Alice," 10«i( Morrison) 5-2-3 2 3^
30 to I—My G«m,-102 (Larsen). . 6 4 1.32
Time," liie-2-5. . Start 'good. Won easily.
Winner,. J.':>V.;T?ulter's bv c. by G. W. Johnson-
Edefltaic.' Circulator 107, Freesais 112, Arab
104. .Charlie -Jliyer 104, Polk Miller 109, Dod
AnJersop-.-KXi;'-. Anriora ..J 117, Unique 107,
Shower 107,,-wirniorer 112.. finished as named.
-SECOND RACK — Steeplechase, short course;
handicap; thTee-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
30 to 1— Farthingale, 1XS (Sullivn) 4 1 3'^1 6
8 to 1 — King Galong, 132 (Carter) 5 2 10 2
J)to5 — Weird,. HO (Pembertcn). 2 4 :>
Time, ''2:54r, 'Start' good. Won easily. Win
ner, Daly-A O'Neil's b. m. (5) ,by Farthing-
KiierKa. . King Tatius 132, retuseu. Puonauus
156, fe)l.
. THIRD* .RACE— Six furlongs;, four-year-olda
and up; purs?:' .- * • ¦* '. : - 4 - : V- \ •
Betttngi vftorse. -Weirflt,'- Jockey. .St. ?4 Fin.
9 to l~Amerlcanc; iHn'CBeil). , -,:>Z, 14 11
(i to l-^-Tjotitenac. 110 tHelgegen>/ : 4 2 2^2 1
5tol— SkHf'uV.'llO.ltFelcht)..:!:-. 3 4 5 3 19
Time.,*-* : 13- • • Start goefd. won easily. Win
rer, G. W. Baldwin &;'Co.*sb. c. (4) by Em
peror of Norfolk- Atlanta II. Princess Tulane
105. Big- Ben 107, David Harum 109, finished as
named, _, ,.„,-.,.
. FOURTH RACE!— One mile;' three-year-old3
and up; purse;- i •• . . • , -
Betting. Horse, Weight,. Jockey.: «St. % Fin.
2.3 to 5— Warte NichMHft <Knapp) 2 3 2 13
4 to 1— Shawana,. ; 87T^ubuchon) 1 lh 2n
13 to 1 — The Lady, .105. .IHelgesn) 4 4 2 3^
Tim*. 1 :43i Start poor. .Won easily. Winner,
P. Wilkerson's • ch. c. " (4) by Fonso-Lucasta.
Apple. 02, Emperor of. India -93. Ethylene 102,
finished.-as named. Ananias 93, left.
' FIFTH RACE-rOrie aad a- sixteenth miles ;
three-year-olds," selling:>~r.i ./,
Betting-. Horse, Weight. Jockey.; ! St. % Fin.
13 to 5i-Frickman.. 8$-<I4vgStn) 5 1 nk 1 l^i
IV to 10— Sweette.,.105'<Hel|te*en> 4 2 1 2 2
7 to 1 — Dungannon,-.i&6;-{M.'Erd) 3 5 2 3 2
Time. 1 : 51 3-5. Start' good. Won easily.
Winner, J. A. Wernberg's b. g. by Sir Wal
ter-Lonetta. Princess of Pilsen 106. Ryevale
OS, Soldier of Fortune 103, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Five furlonKs; two-year
olds : purse :
Bettin*. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 20 — Handzarra.107 (Helgsn) 3 16 12
3 to 1— John Smulskl.108 (Hflr) 2 2 nk 2 4
13 to 1— B'way Glrl.100 (Feicht) 1 3 10 3 4
Time, 1:03 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. B. Van Meter's ch. f. by Handsel-
Elzarra. Fleetwood 103, also ran.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 22.— Following are
the entries for to-morrQTjr< at^Haw
thorne:" ¦;¦-' ¦¦'•&
. First race, five furlongs-^-Kate Zltt 103.
Augusta Victoria 103, Glen 103. Presentiment
103 Chum 103. La Sagitte 108. Siss Lee 10.'!.
Kthel Day 103. St. Bonnie 103, Pirabella 103,
North Enid 103, Dixie Andrews 103, Cutter 108.
Rainwitch 108. Merino 108.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Maud Mul
ler 94. Nellie Waddell 96, Ahola 09. Bay Won
der 101. Marchmont II 104. Ras Tai? 106, Nug
get 106. Van Ness 108. 'John -A. Scott 114.
Third race;; one and a quarter miles, the
Northern handicap. VMXJO — Jerry Lynch 05. Miss
Crawford 08, Birch Broom 106, Judge Hlme»
107. Nitrate 110, . WHfull 112, English Lai
11G. McGee 120.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Maggie
Leber S9. Magic Flute 09. Flllpe Lugo 104.
Monastic 104, Geranium 105. Phil Flrtfch 107.
Clifton Foree 122.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling
— Golden Mineral 87. , Ethel - Abbott 80. At
lantlco 08. Exclamation 102, Federal 102,
Frivol 102, Handley Cross 107. Crestfallen 111.
Sixth race, one mile, purse — Foncasta 80,
Major T. J. Carson SO, Dalvay 04, Don't Ask
Me '90, Gregor K 99. Talpa" 104.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
First race — Cutter, North Enid, Me
rino.
Second race— -Van Ness, Ragtag,
Aliola. * . r .
Third race — English Lad, McGee,
Miss Crawford.
Fourth race— Clifton Forge, Monas
tic, Judge Himes. ¦ ..
Fifth race— Atlantlco, Frivol, Fed
eral.
Sixth race— Talpa, Dalvay, Gre-
STor K.
BELL- WINS MORE HONORS
O2i THE EASTERN COURTS'
Californian Defeats Cole In Straight
Sets in Final for Open Singles
1 at Syracuse.
SYRACUSE. N. Y., July 22.— A.. E.
Bell of Los Angeles defeated .H. W.
Cole of Hartford in straight sets in the
finals of the open singles of the New
York State tennis tournament this af
ternoon, 6-1, 6-3, 6-3.
.To-morrow Bell will meet State
Champion Fred B. Alexander of New
York in the challenge round for the
trophy.. Robert Leroy, JNew York,
and Robert Jones, Syracuse, will face!
Bell and R. C. Hunt, California, In the
finals to-morrow. Summary: ''
Open singles, final round— Bell defeated Cole
6-1. 6-3. 6-3.
Open doubles, second round — Tallant and
Randall beat Holcomb and Moorehead. 8-4
6-4 Jones and Leroy beat Alexander and
Jenny. 6-5. 5-7, 10-8. Hunt and Bell beat
Smith and Brady by default.
Semi-final round— Leroy and Jones beat Tal
lant and Randall. 4-6, 6-4. 6-4. Hunt and Bell
beat Lewis and Cole, .9-4. 10-8, -. r .
! <PUV6R'S $U\$ERr ..UNKNOWN. -r-qorpner
Xeland held an Ipqtfest yesterday upon" tna body
of Arth'uT Olfver, a'he'sro' pugitistv who QUid'on*
July 8 at ihe-Ontral Emergency .Hospital f«j m
the effects of stabs received at the hands of a
soldier. The Jury Teturned'a Verdict that the
Identity of Oliver' s. slayer .was unknown.
Juicy steaks and Juicier prunes are
the big Items oa the bills of fare at
Eddie H&nlon's training quarters, Ala
meda. For breakfast the- small fighter
gets outside of a large cargo of the
fruit that has made California famous
and also stows away three soft boiled j
eggs and a pot of tea before he goes
tor his morning Journey on the road.
Eddie's usual lunch consists of roast
beef, browned potatoes, plenty of
wheat bread and fruit dessert. Steaks
form the larger part of the little fight
er's dinner and the way he devours
the fat ones after his work in the gym
r.aslum would make a champion canni
bal feel like a dyspeptic. Hanlon af
firms he can do two men's work masti
cating eirloins when he is right and
Trainer Frank McDonald corroborates
the statement.
Eddie has become an enthusiastic
swimmer and it is new his practice to
take a dip in the briny back of his
gymnasium every evening. With Fred
Landers, Toby Irwin, Joe Angeli and
McDonald, Hanlon has formed a water
polo team and will endeavor to make
the sport popular while he remains in
Alameda. Trainer McDonald, while
not a believer in swimming as a method
of developing a prizefighter, is not op
posed to Eddie taking a plunge when
he feelg that way. McDonald sagely
remarks that a bath occasionally will
do a boxer as much good as it does
other persons.
Hanlon was within a fraction of ISO
pounds yesterday after completing his
indoor work and being rubbed down.
He gparred four rounds with Irwin and
Landers and broke the ropes on both
his punching bags. Such an exhibi
tion of strength caused Trainer Mc-
Donald to threaten to put Hanlon to
driving "piles if his energy continued
to increase. ' \ \ •
Visitors who journeyed to Larkspur
yesterday in the hope of seeing Bat
tling Nelson work for his coming battle
with Eddie Hanlon, were sadly disap-
I-ointed as Battling and his crew took
a day off and climbed Mount Tamal
pais. The boys started at sunrise yes
terday morning, led by "Captain"
Metzner, and reached the summit in
two hours. This is remarkable time,
considering: that Battling had to- carry
the captain" the last half mile.
A i Peasant day was spent and the
hoys say the view from the mountain
surpasses anything ever seen by them.
Ted Murphy, Nelson's trainer and man
ager. Fays Battling is in the pink of
r.^ition and from now on will take
things easy.
Murphy has trained many fighters
and doesn't believe in working a man
too hard. Nelson is down to weight
and if necessary could enter the arena
weighing 127 pounds.
For the first time' since they struck,
the golden soil of Californiathi Seattle
tossers displayed a little of' thiir i abil
ity to slug the 'bah. Each man seemed
to be there yesterday-and;the. sphere
was Dinged good and hard. TheLrun,
getting was confined to two innings—
the first and the sixth— and " in : these
two rounds enough tallies were made
to win 99 out of every 100 ball games.
Score: Seattle.7, Oakland 0. ,
It was almost painful to see the Com
muters swing wildly and vainly at the
offerings of Jay Hughes, j He had them
under the spell of his mysterious curves
in every Only,on» chance did
Oakland have to score and then Hughes
possessed the luck* so Lohman's band
was sent to the woods beaten and out
classed.
The game was a clean one and well
played by both teams. Had it not been
so one-sided «t would have been inter
esting and worth witnessing. The work
of the infields on each side was rapid
and full of ginger. Mohler and Schlaf
ley made a couple of almost impossible
stops and little McKune put up a game
worthy of a Wg leaguer.
Seattle started right off in the first
round and ere a minute had elapsed
had scored over the pan. Van Haltren
hit the first ball pitched to short left
field and Mohler sacrificed. Delehanty
also bingled safely and Van Haltren
came in on Graham's wild pitch. Then
Frisk hit and \ Blankenship followed
suit, making it, three in a row. v
There was no scoring after that till
the sixth *vas~.at..ha'n<i. Seattle kept
hitting the ball hard and right ion the
nose, but Oakland fielded fast and ac
curately and,, therefore, many runs
were kept away from ; the plate when
it looked as though they were sUrely
due. ' . • P
But Seattle began again in the sixth
and four runs were hammered over the
rubber in a twinkling. Hughes bingled
safely and Mohler sent him around to
third with a well placed drive to right.
Delehanty then turned loose and so
did Smith and Frisk, making it four
runs for the inning and seven for the
game. Hall lined a long fly out to cen
ter when Smith was on third, but the
latter was doubled at the plate on
Kruger's great throw. The score:
Seattle^ — Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. | AB. R. H. P. A.
V'Htn.cf 5 113 01 3anley.rf 5 . 0 13 0
Mohlr,2b 3 12 0 5[Krugr,cf 4 0 1 2 1
Dhnty.Sb 5 12 2 ODunlvy.lf 4 0 0 10
Frisk. If. 4 12 2 0 5chny,2b 4 O 0 3 4
Bkshp.lb 4 2 1 .C 0Dvrux,3b 3 0 10 0
Smith.rr. 4 O 2 2 Oj5treib,lb. 4 O 1 11 0
Hall.s... 4 0 2 3 1 MeKune.a 4 0 12 4
Wilson.c 4 0 0 7 0iByme»,c. 4 0 14 1
Hughes.p 4 12 0 4 "Jraham.p 4 0 2 14
Wilms.lb 0002 0
Totals. 36 0 8 27 14
Totals. 37 7 14 27 10J
KUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 3 0 0 O 4 0 0 0 0 — 7
Base hits 4 0015111 1—14
Oakland 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 00111030 2—8
SUMMARY.
Errors — Ptreib. Dunlevy, Delehanty. Stolen
bases — Hall, Mohler, Delehanty. Blankenshlp.
Three-base hit — Smith. Two-base hits — Blan
kenship, Kruger. Sacrifice hit — Mohler. First
base on error — Oakland 1. First base on called
bails — Off Graham 1, off Hughea 2. Left on
bases — Oakland !», Seattle 5. Struck out — By
Graham 2. by Hughes 6. Double plays — Mc-
Kune to Schlafley to Streib, Kruger to Byrnes.
Wild pitch — Graham. Time of game — One hour
and forty minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
MUNROE AND BRITT ARRIVE.
Noted Pugilists Are Well Received in
the Eastern Cities.
Jack Munroe and Jimmy Britt -were
among the notables who arrived in
This city yesterday. Jimmy stepped
off the Owl .train from Los Angeles
this morning, looking real dapper. He
¦was met by a host of friends, who ten
dered him a reception worthy of a
prince. Munroe, accompanied by Tim
McGrath. arrived on the overland last
night, looking fine and dandy and glad
to be in San Francisco once again.
Munroe had a successful trip in the
East and says he is satisfied and ready
to>- Ftart training for Jeffries right
away. He announced that he prefers
Eddie Graney for referee and it now
looks as If the little blacksmith would
be the man. Jack has nothing bad to
say about Jeffries and adds that the
champion was not shamming. Mun
roe •will start training at the Beach
Tavern to-day.
Britt had a great tour through the
East. He made big money and friends
gralore wherever he went. He says if
Corbett violates his agreement and
tigns to fight again he, too, will do
likewise, but not for several months
at least, as he intends to take a good
rest. Jimmy will probably return East
next month to fill a theatrical engage
ment.
PERMIT FOR THE BIG FIGHT
STILL UNSIGNED BY MAYOR
NEW PITCHER IS EASY' MARK.
Hitt Is Batted Hard by the Harris
Aggregation.
LOS ANGELES, July 22. — Morley
tried out amateur Pitcher Hitt against
San Francisco this afternoon arid he
lasted a little longer than one inning.
The visitors hammered him for five
runs in the first and had two men on
bases when Wheeler went into the box
in the second. "Wheeler pitched a re
markably strong game and blanked
the visitors for the- remaining -eight
innings. The game was notable for
the number of long hits made by the
locals and the fact that none of them
figured in the score. Cravath made a
phenomenal catch in , right field.
Score:
Los Angeles — 1 San Francisco —
AB.n. H. P.A-I AB.R. H. P. A.
Tomn.n ¦ 5 0 10 2|Waldn.cf 5 « 1 4 O
Flood.2b-5 12-3 2 Hldbd.if 4 13 3 O
Smlth,3b 5. O 1 1 4 Meany.rf 3 112 0
Brnrd,cf 3 0 2 1 ljlrwin,3b 4 113 1
Crvth.rf 4 0 0 3 l!rwnsd.lb 4 117 2
Brehr.lb 2 1 1 11 l!Mlller,2b 4 12 2 3
Ross.ir.. 4 0 0 2 0 Andsn.ss 3 0 0 0 1
Spies, c. 4 0 0 6 1 Leahy, c 3 0 0 4 1
Hitt, p.. O 0 O 0 1 Barber.p 4 0 12 1
Wheelr.p 30103
Totals. 34 6 10 27 9
Totals. 35 2 8 27 1«
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lob Anseles 100100000—2
Base hits 2 0121 010 1—8
San Francisco -.5 O OOOO 0 O 0 — 5
Base hits 4 3 0 .1 0 1 1 0 O— 10
SUMMARY. Vi/C
Stolen ba»e— Bernard. Hits— Oft Hltt 6,
off Wheeler 4. Three-base hits — Flood. Brash
ear, Bernard. Two-base hits— Townsend, Ber
nard Miller. Sacrifice hit— Anderson. Left on
bases— Los Angeles 10, San Francisco 5. Bases
on b&Jls — Off Barber 4, off Hltt 1. off Wheeler
I Ptruck out— By Wheeler 5. by Barber 3.
Double play— Cravath to Brashear. Passed
ball— Leahy. Time. 1:50. Umpire — Brown.
Prize and Executive Refuses
to Interfere.
Rival Clubs Are Warring Over the
The permit granted by the Board of
Supervisors to the Yosemite Club to
pull off the JefTries-Munroe fight next
month is still unsigned by Mayor
Schmitz. It was announced yesterday
that if the Mayor did not sign the per
mit by to-day it would become void.
Schmitz, however, denies this and says
the permit holds good without his sig
nature.
The Yosemite and the Hayes Valley
clubs are still at war over the permit.
Schmltz says he will leave it to the
managers of the rival organizations to
Kettle their difficulty and when that Is
done he will si«:n the permit. It is
probable that Managers Levy and
Coffroth will reach some kind of an
agreement within the next few days.
BECK'S HOMER, BEATS TIGERS.
Roach Has Taconia on His Staff
Throughout the Game.
PORTLAND, Or., July 22.—Port
land won the game from Tacqma to
day by the score of 2 to 0, largely be
cause of Beck's hit that sailed over
the infield, passed Lynch and tired out
only as it hit the fence, making: a
home run. McCreedie's single helped
pome, too. For five and a half In
nings the score boy dealt out g'oose
eggs for both sides. Then McCreedie
made trouble by a third safe drive.
Drennan died. Beck drove between
left and center fields. Lynch missed
it and when Beck was close to third
threw the ball to Eagan and not to
the home plate. So Beck started
again and though Eagan • threw to
Sheehan at third the ball hit the
grandstand as Beck was coming home
tn triumph. . ...
The Tigers could not bunch .their
hits on Roach and the Portland twirl-.
er had the visitors on the home
stretch all along. Only five scattering
hits off him went through the infield
The Poolroom Evil.
The gauMdito camblers will have a chance
to wince wb»n they read the S. J* News Letter
thie wwk. The New* Letter makes a distinc
tion between the city of Sauealito, which li
run en a wide o^en ba*U, and the town of
#»¦£& tf&Asz by "- »« £££
re^^w^f^^^'Ue^UX^
that «rt«t in that pretty uttie tranB-bay b«rr
There is an lnUre«ir. S article -on a CalU
fcrB^. minim town, written by Eleanore F
Lc»vys. lhe ether <;*>r»artmenu are bright and
chatty-- i» usual, and altogether this weck'a
K< w t L*tltr Is up to Its usual mark, •
(National League.) i (American League.) . '
W. L. Pet. "W. u Pet;
New York. ..67 23 .713'Boston . ». . ,51 2S -.016
Chicago 4» 20 .62S Chicago ..>.49 XI .508:
Cincinnati ..4« 32 -6('O New York.. .46 32 .500,
Pittgburg ...43 32 .573 Cleveland ..42 33 .5tia
St. Louis ...41 38 .532. Philadelphia. 42 35 ,515
Brooklyn ...30 54 .357 St; Louis . . ;33 41 i.44tt
Boston 20 53 .354iDetroit 32 44 .421
Philadelphia. 19 57 .25O.\Vashlngton..l5 60 .2W
Washington and Detroit Play Four
. . Extra Rounds Without a
Score.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
DARKNESS EXDS. GREAT.
THIRTEEN INNING GAME
Harry Chester showed cleverness and
clean fighting in his bout with George
Curry and won the decision, but he
lacked the strength to make a unanim
.ous verdict by a. knockout.
Joe Kelly won; the decision over
George Henry in the opening bout.
The "battle royal," participated in
by four negroes, failed of success be
cause the supply of soda water bottles
among, the spectators .was insufficient
to keep the contestants on their feet.
Jim Sweeny bunched up against a
hard chunk of wood when he tried to
cut Young Choynskl down. .Sweeny
was so bad in the third round, that
Greggains mercifully stopped the fight
and gave the decision to Choynski.
k.*Jim Hill, who is listed as a Victoria,
B.;C., 'pugilist, furnished the comedy
element; of . the night. . \ Evidently, he
-mistodkV the terms of hii*^ agreement
and signed for a fight wherihe wanted
to go ori as a ballet dancer. His mo
tions were, so ' unique and his smile so
captivating that Harry Tenney stalled
"for the first round; fearing he had been
plotted - against.- In the ; second , it t was
curtains. for Jim .Hill. He got so way
ward in his think-tank about'the mid
dle of the second that ; his seconds
tossed his multi-colored bath robe into
the ring to \ save him , from instant
death. Experts claim that an old wom
an could put him, out with a wet sock.
Mike Synfy and Charlie Dunn gave a
splendid exhibition for four rounds.
Synfy was much the cleverer, but Dunn
did all the forcing, and although put
down twice made a flying finish in the
last and had the Greek going. The de
cision was a draw.
The special event 'between Dick Hy
land and Jimmy McDonald, who fought
at feather-weight/ Was rather disap
pointing,; .HylanoV was', touted as the
goods and he secured the decision right
fully. At the same; time he was obliged
to ' do more -¦ sprinting than fighting.
McDonald started once toward North
Beach tjor a get-away, and Hyland fol
lowed him nearly three times around
theiring before he could manage to hit
him on the shoulder. He could have
saved four valuable seconds if he had
started in the opposite direction and
met his opponent coming the other way.
Seven events'constituted the monthly
exhibition of amateur of. the
San -Francisco Athletic Club -at Wood
ward's Pavilion last, night. , As a-gen
era) thing, the show.- jwas worth twice
the price of- admissioni ;and . what it
laoked in a 'sfjn*e" .was;ampiy
made up in 'litfipprpua ."situations:'' Even
AJex Greg^in's.^whoXwaa* the*: 'official
referee, as usual,; smiled at some of the
funny stunts.-; The attendance was
large, packing the galleries and occu
pying more than two-thirds of the
downstairs ¦ seats.. Captain Anderson
personally supervised the police con
trol and saw that ticket, holders were
promptly admitted and properly seated.
The best event. of the evening was be
tween Johnny Crowe, champion ama
teur bantam-weight of the coast, and
Harry McCloiid, who is known as the
"Little Sharkey." , A gamer kid than
the ; latter never rubbed rosin •• on his
shoes. He was bested from the begin
ning by Crowe, but'' he clung to the
game until one., minute before the call
of time in the" fourth round, when a
"well-delivered "uppercut on the jaw
turned him completely around, and he
fell j into Greggains*' arms, completely
out. This was the only actual knock
out that was scored.
SeveikBouts JWliicli
,; Kfeep ,S]lecta1}prs : Between
Nelson Takes a Day Off and
Ascends Mount Tamalpais
Accompanied by Trainers
COMIG f AND TRAGIC JOIN
HAED WORK COMPLETED
THIRD RAGE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; for three-year-olds::'.. ¦¦¦
Betting. Horse. Weight, ' Jocfcer. St." % - Ffn. !
Even— Flammula, . lQti -CHildbiid) 2' 1 1 13%
7 to 1 — Marmee, 101 (Cormack) . . 3 .43 2 1H
8 to 1— Canteen, 101 (Walsh).... 4 2 h ,1 3>i
• Time. -1:40 1-5. Start 'fair. Won . easily. .
Winner, Mrs. H. M. Mason's ch. f.- by Flam'
beau-Gretchen. Graceful, Dinah Bhad. Palm- ~
reader, Robin Hood,- Flexion,. Tomcod,- finished
as named. .. ¦ -\ J. ¦¦'-.'. ',\-'.''-'^-".--'' .- •¦¦¦-•¦.'.- .'.'
FOURTH RACE— One and ah eighth miles-'
handicap; three-year-olds and up: -v- .¦»¦/.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
Even — Bad News, 10S (Kelly) ., 3 2 2 In
13 to 10— Humpark. 129 (Martin) 1112 3'£
30 to 1 — Keynotes HZ (J.-'Jomay. . 5 -3 h 3 »4
Time, 1&2 fyt>. ! , Start* fOQd~'Vf on. easily.
, Winner. E. R. --Bradley' a brr "g. -"by 'Flying
Dutchman-Black^ Sleeves. Sonoma Belle- and •
Brigand* Unshed as named. • •*- ¦: \ .-, • ; ".
. FIFTH "RACE— One and a sixteenth mites;
three-year-olds and up; selling: > , • • • ; • . ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St.- % Fin.
3 to 1 — Cloverland. 108 (Wondrly) 8 8 1 h
5 to 1— Seymour. 08 (Hildebrand) 1 ' 1-h 2 14
10 to 1— Conkling. 94 (J. Jones)... 5 4h 3%
Time. 1 :47 3-5. Start • fair. Won driving.
Winner, V. Hollar's b. h. by Flatlands-Lucky
Clover. Garnish, Baikal, Naughty Lady, Bob
Murphy, Hydrangea. -Homestead, Nine Snot. ;
Inquisitive Girl, Wizard. Passbook, Neither
One and 'Masterman finished as .named. ', ¦
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
maiden fillies two years old; purse: ' ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1— Flinders, 107 (Redfern)... 4 2 2 16
7 to 1 — L. Buttercup, 107 (Crmck) 2 3 1 2 h"
8 to 1— Ismalian, 107 (J. Martin). 5 6 2 3 ib
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Chelsea Stable's b. f. by Hastlngs-
Fldena. High Life, Gotowin, Nightmare,-
Meadow Horn, Tyrolean. Halmlra, Katie Caf
fery, Sinapoo, Lucy Young, Grand Duchess,.
Sweet Lillian, Good for Nothing, finished as
named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; handicap for .
all ages: - -. - . .-,. . ¦ . ¦-¦ • ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % FInJ
11 to 5— Reliable, 142 {Hilbrd)... 3 1 X%\ 1 *
10 to 1— Gay Boy,, 131) (J.Martin) 5 .5 h^2 %%
10 to 1— Lady Uncas, 113 (Kunz) 2 2 # 3 h ' i
Time, 1:12 3-5.. Start good. . }Von' easily.
Winner, J. J., Ryan's b. h. by Watercress- •
Arnette Stalwart. Shrine, Ingold, Et Tu
Brute, Clotan. Right and True, Ascenstan, An-
cestor. Juvenal Maxim, finished as named. •'
them to wager, on his filly. . . . : *
Opening at 100 -to 1, the odds steadily
shortened until at post time no better'
than -6 to 1 was offered. At the start
the first to break the line was Lucy
Young, and for nearly , three furlongs ;
she. "displayed great speed; Then, she*
was seen to be- slacking up. Flinders i
passed, her In -the s.tretch,>.as did half
a • dozen others..' Flinders •¦won"., very
easily, Little Buttercup .Vas second, i
and Ismailian, the medium of the
heaviest plunge in years, wa3 third and
coming fast through the stretch.
Messrs. Gideon and " Lewisohn and ''
their immediate friends, however, suc
cessfully backed one winner during the
day. This was Escutcheon, owned by
Mr. Gideon and ridden by H. Cochran,
who, the moment the barrier was raised
began to flog his mount, cutting
diagonally across the track and to
some extent intimidating the jockeys
on the inside. Escutcheon went on in
front and was never headed. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Escutcheon, 107 (Cchrn). 1 1-1 1 h
25 to 1 — Brush Up, 104 (J.Mrtn) 3. 2 1 2 ¦ % .
30 to 1— Confessor, 97 (Coleman) 5 3.1. 3 1
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. D. Gideon's b. c. by Gold Crest- Affect.
Gray Lad, Rubric. Tommy Waddell, Roderick
Dhu, Virgo,- Workman, Perry tMcAdow, In the
Dark, Fra Fllllpo. finished as named...
BRIGHTON BEACH, July 22.—Ex
ultant- shouts from -the bookmakers in
the main ring to-day hailed the victory
of Flinders^ in the last race. At least
$100,OQO was taken from thd pockets of
those -who backed Ismalian. She fin
ished third, but even thls^position cogt
the bookmakers a large amount. Early
In,. they aay her . trainer,'-.. "Snapper"'.
Garrison,; went, . .to Messrs. _Lewisohn,
Gideon and a few -others and asked
(Pacific Coast -Leaxue.>
W. I*. Pet. f W. I* Pet.
Tacoma 66 44 .COOOakland 54 55 .695
Seattle CO 46 ,58C;San -Fran. ..46 62 .426
Los Angeles. 57 fil .52S Portland ...40 04 .3S4
STANDING OF THE CLL'BS.
Totals 29 2 10 27 121 Totals 23 0 *5 24 11
J t RUNS 'AND HITS BT' INNINGS.*
"Portland .....0 0 0" 0 0-2 0 Ox — 2
' -Base,. hits .-...V.. 2 0 111 2 .1 2 .x-=10
Tacoma o 0 0 0 0 00 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0 11111000—5
SUMMARY.
Errors — Sheehan. Kauan, Hogan. Earned
run— Portland 1. * Stolen base — McCreedle.
Bases on balls — Oft Hoach 1. oft ThomaS 2.
Struck out— By RomIT 6, by. Thomas 2. Sac
rlflce hits — Eagan 2, McLaughlln. Two-base
hits — Drennan 2, Roach. Home run — Beck.
Double play — Nordyke to Eagan. Left on bases
Portland 6. Time of game— One hour and 40
minutes. Umpires — O'C.ohnell and McDonald.
and they did little good. The^soere:
Portland— . Tacoma— .-¦¦*•
• ab.r. h. p.a.I ab.r; h.f.a.
Ndeau.lf. 4 0 0 2 O;Doyle.2b. 4 0 0 2 1
McCrd,3b,4 1 4 O OShehn,3b. S O- 0- 2 1
Drnan.cr,4 0 2 2 0 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 . 2 11 1
Beck,lb.. 4 1 1 13 1 Eagan,a. 2 0 0 3 4
Jtaymnd.s 3 0 0 1 3 Lynch.cf. 4 ¦ 0 1 0 0
Druhot.rf 2 0 10 0 McLgn.lf 2 '0 0 2 0
Castro.2b 3 0 0 12 Overall.rf 3 . 0 0 1 > 0
Stwlmn.c 2 0 0 7 2 Hogan.ci. 3,0 2 3' .4
Roach,p. 3 0 2 1 4 Thomas, p. 8 0.0 0 0
Eddie and His Retinue Go
for a Dip Every Day and
Become Attached to Water
Johnny Crowe Hands Filial
After/ -^ ; Kerce Fight
Pretension Barely Xoses Out
Orient and Iinboden at
Pair Grounds.
Plungers. Get Down Heavily
on Ismailian, Which
Buns Third.
Farthingale, a 30. to 1 Out
sider, Captures the Haw
thorne Steeplechase.
Northern Sluggers Open the Game With Three Tallies, and
in Eighth Round Bat Four More Over Plate — Com
muters Unable- to Solve Hughes' Mysterious Curves
SEATTLE'S HEAVY HITTERS
HAMMER THE SPHERE HARD
ONE KNOCKOUT
ENLIVENS THE
AMATEUR SHOW
BOOKM AKERS REAP A GOLDEN HARVEST
WHEN FLINDERS GALLOPS HOME FIRST
SWIMMING FORMS
ONE OF HALNLON'S
REGULAR STUNTS
HANLON AND NELSON FAST ROUNDING INTO SHAPE FOR COMING FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALU SATURDAY, JULY 23, 190*.
! I POSTAL CARRIER/ rWg'ns^h:* Hf' MTc-
Dowell, who ha«it*4tra carrier "In'tfie Postof
flce for the last- twenty yea'rr, 'has* rWtgned.
and Walter E. Rosedro, from the substitute
list, has been promoted to the vacancy, v ¦¦
i^ONPON, .July 22. r— Bachelors But
ton, - ridden*' by \ Maher, the American
jo£)ce'y\ r wbn*;the Iiiverpooi, i cuft' ; 'o ; f;^12<30^
sovereigns at' theyLiverpobl July meet-.
in£ to-day." ' Foundling- was second land ;
Whistling Crow third. _
Maher Rides a Winner.
The annual report of the Depart
ment of Elections for the year ending
June 30, 1904, was filed yesterday. The
report shows that $132^497 29 was ex
pended; leaving a surplus of $2.71. The
report also contains the vote cast for
the candidates at the last municipal
election, together with' the vote at the
various primaries and at the election
on the bond iasug^' ' - t l^.;,i^ /r .,"'
Files Annual Report.
SEATTLE. July 22.— Results:
First race, six furlongs — Dusty Miller won.
Charley Schwetzer . second. .. Resigned third.
Time. 1:15.
Second race, six furlongs — J. H. Bennett
won. Baldo second. Rose of Hllo third. Time.
1:15%. '
Third race, six furlongs— Sue Christian won
Foxy Grandpa second, Frivolous third. Time!
Fourth race, one mile — Maxtress won Red
Cross Nurse second. The Fretter third. Time.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Shell Mount won.
Ripper second.- Goldflnder third. Time. 1:28*4
Sixth race, one mile and .fifty yards—In
vlctus won. Isabelllta second. All About third.
Time, ,1:45. . ¦ .-.„¦¦ ¦ ¦ -••
Results at Seattle,
First race — Peggy, Voladay, Martha
Gorman.
Second race — Opuntia, of
Clover, Lavator.
Tliird race — Paget entry,' Ascot
Belle, Campo.
Fourth race — Drake entry, Broom
stick, Knight Errant.
Fifth race — Princess Titania, For
Luck, The Musketeer.
Sixth race — Sheriff Bell, The Cricket,
Rosetint.
Seventh race — Tide, Brooklynite,
Merry Moments.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
11THE SAN -.FRANCISCO GALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1904.
12
s^JJ* 1 " 1 !^?!??.?*; ~
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 120ft Market rt.. Gait House.
A WF.EK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 p-igfrg. in wrapper.' for mailing. $1 per year
CIiAIBVO-gANTS.
AA — Call at once and eave $4. ¦ . -
¦My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.' . ,•
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
. . Palmist Ever In San. Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to. tell your name, and
what you want to know. I toll if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact,' I' will tell every hope,
(ear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition bo you win,
reach the greatest possible strength, in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power tn your nature : so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved ' one, and cause
marriage 'with one of * choice. . 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St., 32tS.
MME. M. BERNARD, ' * ' ; THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.; sh'e reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of this past, reveals the
present happenings' and .portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or ¦ not satisfied; with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable -advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 456^.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what. you called for without. asking a ques-
. tlon; names given; special. $1; hpurs 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAIt, young, gifted clalr: & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G., ' $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. .' Of flee . hours— 10
a. m. to 6 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. '
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist; clalrvoyant.card
reader; when others fail try me;good readings
:25c. <21:Franklln.nr.G.Q.ave.TeI.Larkln 4207.
A— MMS. RAVENNA reads life; -business ad-
vlce; names given; 25c up. . 8 Ellis st.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant: gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 017, Market, room 3.
MR&;: BADJUKN. the well-known lortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis ¦ st. : : ' '
CH^ E AP ?# T and *«» tn America— The Weekly
£ .; /i P** 68 . «ent to any ; address • in the
; United States or Canada one year for $ L
' BE^TOTGJjLND^LEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpet* and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 308 Market *t.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 470. ;
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s*nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel.. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 391. GEO.WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2«3.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5;. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grand
building, 1093 Market_st., room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up: Crowns,$2 up; fllllngs.25c
ALL work . guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perking, Mgr.. 0C0 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dcntlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 76c;.eilver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Pr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
FIRST-CLASS artist. Just from the East, wish-
ing to establish her business, will make any
style of gown for the next 30 days for $3 to
$10; work and fit guaranteed: bring work
and be convinced. 723 McAllister st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Scftool —
.Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art'x button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
, .;^ r^^ n n n-n BP^0ATI0yAX.^
A~BIGGER~school than ever. On June 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
; St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer 'rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEG— .
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
individual lnstruc; all branches; day;' eve.
EDUCATION A_— Contlnncd;^^
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month; life scholarship. $30. Day.
evening. Bancroft bUg.. 723 Market >t.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs,. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bdg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ment; for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— METROPOLITAN Business College, Gram-
mar and High School, 602 Van Ness ave. ; as.
sists to employment: free use typewriters at
homes. U. H. WEBSTER, ex-supt., Pres.
COACHING arithmetic a specialty: $1 25 per
week; competent instructor: life diploma.
MRS. M. K. SMITH. SB Pine place, off
Pine st., near Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typinje. bookkeeping; $S mo.
COACHING college — Preparatory and grade by
accredited High School teacher. L. HEW-
ETT, 614 Mason: phone Red 20S5..
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln..mech.. sur-
vey. asway. cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1SS4. Van
der Naillen School. . 11-1 Fulton, nr. City HalL
WESTERN Business ToUeee. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course, 6 mo. .$.10. eve. $4 mo. : private.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 823 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog or request.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese empioynTenT o fflce
supplies best help promptly; city or countrr
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James :2flL
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chinese help. ¦ 42t> Powell st: tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best helo at
Leon Senngs. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 42a
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton-
best help. Frits TamagakU mgr! ;tel. Bush 85d!
RELIABLE Japan"e-Chlnes9~Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 81SS.
C^?^ 3E and J *P»«ese help; estab. 20 years
1037. ¦ BRADLEY _ Cq. 6MO»%
_ EMI ~' o 'gT g:E: ~~ WAHTED— r_BEA__T
TWO flrst-cUss superior cooks with best of
references wish situations; • both protestant
cooka. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter:
COMPETENT, reliable, good woman; work by
the day: washing. Ironing and houseclean-
lns; $1 50 a day and carfare or 75c per half
day. Please Inquire at 604 San Jose ave..
corner Twenty-ninth at.
A FATHER wants place in country for 14-year-
o.d girl to take care of baby In exchange for
: S B «-A"u%f lct Araerlcan fMBU *.
...BtrsrwBBs CHAKOES-^cont— ,n«a.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phon* South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride fronc city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fi»hing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gag; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12 1
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
k CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. S Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property In
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $8000. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbing: established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern, tools, etc.;
' full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR . exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage, j
East Oakland : high basement, cement side-
walks, every thine first-class: on direct car
line: for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy gt. ¦ , . . !
FOR sale— First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good 1
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
GOOD paying bakery; fine- store trade; for
sale at a great sacrifice. HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave., • Alameda.
GENTLEMAN with $200 can secure offlce po-
sition; $70 a month; money secured. 1221
Market st., room 1.
A BRANCH offlce'of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
JLOPGIJTO-HOPSES POB BAM.
A— CAMERON^Coi Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500. *
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: • fine
downtown location: 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearig now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $3C0 to $350 per month; here is
be6t proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $CCO; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda cr Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms^rent only $70; fine little apartment
house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
125 rooms, cheap rent: long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only 'With us.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak ami mahogany; fine proposition;
ifood lease.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people: bargain If taken at
once; dissolution cf partnership.
5 rooms and closets; East at.; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets; everything for
housekeeping: C beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
MVrocm, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment hous-e: cheap rent; most elegantly
equippeO in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-!
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain en account of sickness. *
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
1CS '•ooms ; cheap rent; new and elegantly
i furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand Immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished little
apartment house; reduced to $1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; ' electric elevator,
lights; long lease: clears $400 ¦ to* $500 per
month; one of the beet buys In the city.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
«
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in:
clears $400 per month ; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum: departure.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
H. C. DECKER, OOfi MARKET ST.. PHONE
JOHN 531.
ESTABLISHED IN 1877— IN THIS CITY.
I SELL ONLY BARGAINS.
8 rooms; flat: newly furnished $500
16 rooms; fine transient house $800
27 rooms: swell boarding-house; reduced. $3000
17 rooms; part housekeeping; a snap. ...$500
10 rooms; sunny side; north of Market $675
11 rooms; pick-up; fine location $450
20 rooms; rent $S5; a bargain I .$9C0
.11 rooms; Mission et..: $1S5O
12 rooms; $200 cash; balance payments. ..$700
22 rooms; a money-maker; now $750
14 rooms: Geary tst. ; good buy. .$QCQ
10 rooms; up-to-date: with piano $15iio
5 rooms; elegantly furnished. .....$3C0
51 rooms; modern apartment-house $7500
"1 rooms; Market st. : for exchange $3000
110 rooms: house clears $600; offer wanted.
100 houses with C to "00 rooms; all prices.
II. C. DECKER, 060 Market st. Tel. John 531.
MARION GRIFFIN,
4CC Hearst bid"., over Examiner entrance.
Cf.r. ThltV. *nd Market sts. Tel. Black 3007.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
THTRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease. .$3500
2<> 1 corns, all ratn roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 roomi-. low rent, country • transient. 5D00
21 rooms, r?nt only $55.... coo
4U rooms, rent S70, transient 1500
hi rcom?. rent 53 per room.... 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of busi-
ness sold ar.d exchanzed.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates. \
EIXKL & CAP.ROLL. 212 Kearny at.
MITCHELL &~CO., - , ......
12C0 Market st. Phone Jessie 2081.
Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell any
house; part 'ash. balance easy payments.
10-P.OO1I house; rent $45; lease; good build-
ing: running water In every room; always
full: occupant rix years; ¦ price reasonable.
. Uox 1R10. Call offlce. . .
LODGING house for rent, 43 rooms, 8 baths;
near Sutter and Hyde. Address for particu-
lars; only principals need apply. Box 1965,
Call offlce.
FOURTEEN rooms cheap; no reasonable offer
refused. 212 Fifth st.
$150 CASH for 10-room house; easy payments
Inqu!r«> 320 O'Farrcll st.
FURNISHED house of 10 rooms for.iale; price
$550; going away. 725 Polk st.
10-ROOM house; $30 over rent. Apply after 12
I m., 82,'J Howard st., downstairs.
7-ROOM house, furnished, for sale; down town;
good Income. I Box 2211. Call office.
LODGING house for sale, 46 rooms; furniture
in first-class order; bargain. Box 2268, Call.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
1 Open until 11 p. m. ¦ •
C-OTH— TO BEgOTATPTO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and 1
dyeing. Bon'Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦ 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per ' year.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
' Montgomery, roonu 8-10; tel. Main 6580. ... t
L.ITTX.E girt not under 6 years could have
- room and board by a lady In Western Addi-
tion, 2 blocks from school; a mbther"s care.
Box 2304, Call office. __^
GOOD care for one or two children; country.
512 Jesaie st.
I
DALY A CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed trom 206 Powell st.. to 857 Qeary st.
JBXXSnfESS_CHA-CXS !
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bekery; daily sales
about $50; new ' wagon. 2 horses, etc ; rent
$4D; stock at Invoice; only cash trade; a fine
business offer. Particulars H. O. WILKE,
i."6Vi Kearny st.
! A— *7B0; SALOOK, with rooms; rent §27 50;
cstabl. years; this is a good place for man
and wire; location the best. Call R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $2050; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location In the Mission; place
established years and flrst-cla&s paying; full
value In sight. Bee K. G. WILKE. 2«>4
Kearny Et.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
btst manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ < Kearny at.
A — $lu,000; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will take a partner for 9S0UO;
tills is a most beautiful and best located
first-clats paying place in this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 20*4 Kearny st.
I A— $6500; CORNER saloon, establ.' many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paving lager. beer saloons of this city;
I fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. O. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $1800; ROADHOUSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc.;
x well-a<3veitls<»d and good-paying house. <
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearoy St.
A— JiOCC; CORNER ealoon, with 4 years'
Ic-ise; about Vi block from Market and Ellis
rif.; place <lolnc a rushing business: value
in sight: owner must leave for the East.
See R. G. WILKE. 2C^i K-arny st.
A— $sr,O; CORNER saloon; rent f30; located
about 1 Llcck south of Market and Powell
«ts. ; a eood business; owner engaged In
cthfr business cause of sale. Particulars
K. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearny et.
A— $2;>C0; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in v.holeEnle district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying rlace. See R. G. WILKE.
26>4 Kearny st.
A— $1000: RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael;' dally re-
ceipt* $2.1; rent $30: good business; value
in sirtt; patronized by best class of people.
Seq H. G. WILKE. 2o»4 Kearny st.
A— SUO0; SALOON in the Potrero. with 6
roony:; rent $50; place established many years;
good busintii; investigate: this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50: place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
gunday work. Ii. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $15«G: SALOON, located in Watsonville;
rent $17 50; 3 years' lease; a splendid chance:
tlie-c are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A— ?2.'CU; LEADING hotel in the best business
•own SO miles from city; 40 rooms; bax and
r.ininE-roorn; long lease; no better chance for
hotrl business in the interior. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2<;% Kearny st.
A— (S500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 6 years' lease; value in
sight: cne of the best oJtcrs In Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2«J%
Kearny st.
A — JL"25«; PARTNER wanted In one of the
J»est paying corner saloons In this city;
<3<U!y receipts about $40; place clears net
ntxtvc $:.TO ter month; location first-class.
Fee R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
¦ A— $l«00: SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G. ;
WILKE. 2<;% Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 2«U
Kearny st.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch;, on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; olace must be secrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
fieo— PARTNER, also partner manufac. bus.
(3S00— Hotel and bar. 30 rooms, god bargain.
$2C.VSHiXx:_- Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$V>O-)f£(XVi — Saloon with lease; good bargain.
$S5O-fS000 — Grocery and bars; stand investic.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
$•><*— PARTNER In light business; chance for
rizht man: must b* sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG. :;is Kearny et.
SALOON, if sold by Monday wiil sell half or
whole: eood chance for right man. BERG
& ARMSTRONG. 31S Kearny st.
$&<X>— OYSTER and chop house; choice location-
average <iai!y receipt). $27 50 now; fine pay-
lng business. Merchants' Agency, 100S% Mkt.
$1500— RESTAURANT, coffee and lunch rooms:
established 13 years: run by same party 4
living rooms, weil furnished; rent $50: cause
sickness. Merchants' Agency. 100S% Market.
$125 — ONE-HALF restaurant; snap; must sell
$S50 — Cigar store; Ideal location; value In
sisht; dally sales $17; rent ?53.
$1600— 30-room lodging-house: worth $2500
M00 — Restaurant: factory dist. : long lease.
Grocery and bar at invoice; snap.
$5C0 — Grocery and liqt;or Ftore; good trade.
Pacific Real Estate Co.. 1C15 Market st. •
WANTED — An experienced office man with a
few thousand dollars to buy an interest in
an old-established business to take secretary-
ship ar.d central management of the offlce:
salary $10O i>ex month; the business has paid
mnrs than 20 per cent per annum net for
several years and is paying it this year.
Hox 12CS. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED— If you have real estate, improved
cr unimproved, lodging-house, grocery, sa-
loon, butcher shop, delicatessen branch ba-
kery, cijrar stand, or a place of business of
any kind for sale, list It with THE SE\L
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 41S-419 Cal!agha n
builAnp, 1312 Market st.; tel. Folsom 346S.
$,'0C0— GENTS furnlililn? goods, stationery"
notions an<l variety store: established 15
years; C-y?3r lease; transfer corner- full
value; cash busings and ]>ayirc; rent, ac-
ciunt oi lease, very reasonable; a bargain;
wholes-ale houses a* references. Union Busi-
nphs Exchange. 993 Market st.
$350 WILL secure a lifelong poritlon and in-
come of $30 guaranteed; experirnee unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present income can easily be doubled with
••lose attention to duty. Particulars 1CO7>A
Blarket rt.. room 1 I
¦ FOR sale — Coffee, tpa and uplce route over IS
years* standing; selling on nrcount of retiring
from business. For particulars inquire at ll'J
Front st.. between 11 a. m. and 1p.m.
CANDT, stationery. Icecream and \-ariety busi-
ness:: growing town. Santa Clara County; fine
location. Call en J. SEIDL & CO. 013 Bat-
tery St.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unll.-ted Mecuritles; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcctt Square,
Buffalo.
M ANT;faCTURINg7~JF75.000; always pays~15
per cent tc 30 per cent' according to year;
principals only. ; Address or call 201 Mills
building.
A SALOON snd lodulnc-house for sale; going
to retire from buslncfs. Inquire 12* Seventh
j gt -. Ktmr.yky Liquor store. ¥:r-$-j> '•-,.+
I FOR sale^ — Stloon fixtures, etc.; good lease;
cheap rent; party obliged to go away. In-
_quireJ00&-8 Washington nt., Oakland.
CORNER candy and notion store; near school;
nice living room«; good fixtures; must be sold
at once. Call 201 Tenth st.. city.
SACRIFICE sale — Restaurant^ north Market
et: worth $350: must sell; any reasonable
I oner takes It. See PATERtaON, S73 Market.
ACTIVE your.g man wanted; steady place;
will pay $»0 to each per month; cash capital
; required. S2.'.Q. CC2 Market St.. room 0.
A FINE drug'x.re at low price; owner having
gone to Philippines. Call at 134 McAllister
st.. bet. 10:30 and 11:30 a. m.
$2500— FIRST-CLASS saloon. • Inquire 613%
Larkin st.: rear. •
A PARTY with money for pushing an unre-
fillable bottle. B. HUGHES. 421 Hyde st.
SALOON and grocery for sale reasonable. "So
Potrero ave., corner Twentieth st.
CIC1AR for sale, cheap; must leave city. 1013
Folsom Ft.
$350— DERRY and delicacy stor* with llTlng
rooms. 378 Hayes at.
to
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
OLD established cigar, sta, and notion; living
roonm; will bear. Investigation. • 110 7th st.
FOIl sale — Corner saloon, with lease; best bust- ,
nets street south or Market. Inqulr* 153 4th.
J-illX D. SPRECKELS. . . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT - -Manager
»V. .?. 2IARTIX Bcslness aiansger
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator w^.. C h 0B "
nee? You With the Department Tou tvisn.
Publication Office Market and Tfcird. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson «t.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per w * ek - 73
Ots. Per Month Siryjle Copies. 6 <-»•
Term* by Mail. Including Postage (Casa wi«
Order) : «c »wi
DAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year. .55.00
PAILY CALL Onelud. Sunday). 0 ir.os.. 4M
DAILY CALL— By Single Monih «{*-
PLXDAT CALL. 1 Year f-J™
V.EEKLT CALL. 1 Year U^IT
r rifitlv *S SO Per Year Exit—
£°**?r r i S__rfrtS Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Kwekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE FUESCRIPTIONS.
eaisple Copies will be forwarded when re-
cue* ted.
Mall eubscrlbe— In ordering change of afl-
4r*-s «houi<! b« particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ue«t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C16 Broadway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELET OFFICE:
ri*S Center Street Telephcn* North 17
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL XT. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Cnion Severe; Murray Hill- Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cue Hctel and llcffman HSuse.
CHICAGO NEVTS STANDS:
fherrr.an 31oue#: P O News Co.: Great
Ncntom Ho!»l; Trtmont House; Auditorium
Hctel; I'aimer llcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOIJGE KnOCNESS..Marquette Ballalrg
<Lor.g Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TOR" nKPr.F.SENTATIVE:
ETEPHES: a. E— XTTJ 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
EESCCESS OFFICE cr the San Francisco
Cal!. t-ornrr Market an3 Third streets: open
until 12 o'clccl: every nieht in the year.
BBAKCH OFFICES:
IftCf Market street, oppoiito Fifth; open until
11 p. tn.
TIT Z-ior.tgorarry street, ccrner Clay; open
urtil 9:20 p. m.
TOO Haye s street; open ur.tll 0:30 p. tn.
ta McAllister etreet: «P«i until 9:30 p. ra.
<?' Larkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. tn.
*'.'41 Mission Etrecti cpen until 10 p. ra.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
; f € Elever.th Etrtfi; op^n until 9 p. m.
VWG Valencia Ftrfet; open until 9 p. ra.
ICortbetA corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. rn.
Kerthvest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tuckv Btraets: orta until ft p. m.
f?' 1 !! F\;!T.crt- street: orwn ur.ti! 9 p. m.
MEZTISG ITOTIC— S.
EXCELFIOR Degree Lodg» No. ,rfS_V4«. >
V I. U v r\— ;i.;a:»r m-r'.lr.g ~2iff3sf&z.
TJH? 'SATT'RDAYj EVENING H£j3*5£?i3
WM. B. CURTIS D. 2X.
I.EBEL Cork lierevolent Society will ejL^*^
hold its annual picr.ic at Shell Mound \j|v\'Jf
Park on SUKDAT. August 7. VjiH. %SB
Valuable gat<» a::«i eame prizes will g^%£s,*
J. SULLIVAN. Secretary.
THE California Drbris ComnjiEi*)n. having
received application to mine by hydraulic
. proofs 'roni \V. J. Berry, Theodore Kupley
ar.d Ui-uce CrmhuB i:i s^UKar Pine mine, near
Pino Oratice, El Dorado County. Cal.. drain-
ir.p inc- Silver Creek, which reaches Ameri-
can Biwcr. give* Dottca that meeting will be
h*;d £t room M, Flood building. San Fran- j
< toco. Cal.. August S, 1XH. at 1^30 p. m.
*TKE California Debris ComnUssicn having re-
ceived explication? to mine by hydraulic
process from K. A. Moody, in Good Luck
::iire. near Gold Kun, Placer County. Cal
<ira!nls« ir.to Pquir's Creek, which reaches
!'*ar Rivtr. and from Eaple Bar Placer Min-
ing Co.. Llmite.i, in Eatfe Rar Placer mine
rear Forest Hill. Placer County, Cal., drain-
::.? ir;o njiddie fork of American River, gives
notice that meeting (HI he litld at room yc
}"!'o<! bunding. fc"a:i Francisco Cal. Aug L
iat-4. it 1 :-iO a. ra.
6PRECKEL6 Suzar Company. NOTICE OF
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
rr,**iin? of the stockholders, cf the Srreck-ls
Vjpsr Con-.pany will le held at the office
rf the company. :,-2T Market st.. San" Fran- ;
r.«ro. en MONDAY, the 25th day of July
. 1M4. Bt tnt hour of 11 a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electir.g a board of directors to serve
for thf fiifjins yr-ar and for the transaction
-. mch ctfctr butlties* as may come before
tfc<f meeting The transfer books will close
cr. trtiJay. Julv 22. I'.ni, at :< p m
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
KOXTERi-Y Co-jr.ty Water Company Notice
of annual m^tinir— Ths regular an::u».! meet
:r.ir of ths Etockbotdera cf the Mont-rey
Comity 'Water Co.-rpany Will fc* h e:d at the
rff.ee cf the cc_paa£ 327 Market st <=an
Frnucirco. on MONDAY, the 25th day o?
July, 1JH55. at the hour of 11:30 a m for
-he PBrpOM cf electing a board of directors
to serve for th* ensuing year and for the
tran*a-tior. ef ruch r.ther business as ffi ay
rmm before the meeting The transfer book,
will close on Friday. .l u! y 22. 1904 . at 3 p "
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary
ANNUAL rr.f^unp— The Kiwlon Iron and Loco-
taotlve Works— The annual meeting of the
.'toflihr.Jdtrs of th- Hl«don Iron end Locomo-
iive orkr. for the election or trustees for
sh* en^-jing jrar snd the transaction of such
otn'-r fcusinecs ¦« n<ay be brought before the
rr.eetir.K. will b* held at the office of the
company. n 0 . 20S Steuatt strret. San Fran-
SwL*at l l» M ° NI>A -' the Ut day ° f Ausust -
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
'^ _, A.QE3TTS "WA1TTEIJ.
~22?I5 Z*VS* !" een our b!gh-gra«e~nur^
?*.j *lock; ISbej-al commiesicn: cash advanced
on orders- comfit fr*e; einerience and capital
POt ntct-^ary if you have push and energy;
« few rhci'-e fieM s Ft j;i opC n; write before
«>^ien^d. Chico Nursen- Co.. Cfcjco. CaL
ACTIVE, intelliyrrt. eatable ar<r.ts imrn or
n-on.«>n) to s"-ll on installments; approved
¦eruritle*; K r-ll readily: pood nay for ri-ht
ayf^t^ Apply .VI Mutual -Savings Bank bids.
A RARE oprortunlty for a few good Insurance
isi-n. Hocm 23 S. Emma Sprwkels building.
ATTo_Brzrrs-AT^£_w.
K - w - KING. Attorney-at-Law, ¦ExamTbUlg^.
Cth floor: entrance room eil; established 15
years; el! ca?et. general court ar.d off.ee
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
Uon; evenlngg by 2r»polntaier.t. Tel. Red 3601,
ADVICE free c n ai: legal matters: <3ivorc»s a
»;<Tia:tj-; private. <;uick; no pay in advance-
miring <-ompan.ie* crstniiedipa tents obtained-
f J. W. HOV»'E. 1122 Market et. ; estab. 22 yrs!
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS 40 Ellis St.. 13
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands of
e'ldiert. sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
<lnc Cosrt for whom 1 have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Ccsts. $12: quick, quiet; advice"
Ire*; all law busintes; no charge unless euc-
ctsful; ¦ p^n evening!*. 027 Market, room 3U1.
ADVICE free; divorce certs $_: no less or
ccst« In advance; oil law buelneos: offlce
or*n Saturday >veBlngt. 813 M.irket rt.. r.33.
ADVICE" frfre; divorce ccsts $12; all cases.
Room 405. Parrott bide. 635 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st.: consultation
free; no fees Jn advance: open evenings.
IM TENTS and pensions— SONNTAGS PAT-
ENT & l^NEION AGCT.. 214 Pine, «th floor.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cer.tn — The Weekly CUU
:« rzrrs. in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year!
PAPTOMOBILZS.
1*— Firet-class runabout for 2 or 4 pas-
rj; JO horsepower: double opposed gas
t. L. D. GANDION, 102 Phelan bldg.
BARGAIN — CADILLAC; seats four; 'canopy
top; In fine condition. Box 2331. Call office,
WANTED — Rambler automobile. Address with
» rric*. etc.. bcx 1987. Cal! office.
FOR tale— White Steam Touring Car; good or-
<>r; $:S00. Box _X3. Call office,
-^\ ADOPTIOH'. .
TO adept: . a. healthy blue-eyed ¦ girl Infant.
I.ms. ADAM. ladtes' physician. 669A Ellis st.
-- AST— — — ¦ BEJt-DY.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lostant-
ly: !»•. 25c 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
Boms, aoos. etc. :
TOUJCO parrots, rnaranteed to talk, S3 each:
largest variety 4pgs, birds, cages, etc., at low
prices. X8H-4.0 lUrket «U . ~^__'
EOTLojmKT— a— r £233£_£Si£z£23
GERMAN woman would like a fe— hocr»*
work a day assist cooklns in restaurant.
1 Martha place, off Geary »t-. near Maaoa.
COMPETENT woman wishes general hou*e~
work and cocking. Apply lUi Elizabeth St.
.near Twenty-third and Guerrero.
TOUXG Iitdy desire^ position as st^noff— .pher;
can do office work. Box ~aO. Call ofPce.
COMPETENT younjr woman wants work by
the day. house cleaning, etc., or chamber
wcrk: steady; sleep — — — » HOO Miasma
»t.. near Seventh. _________
LADY desires position as secretary or matron
of Institution: charitable or otherwl»«; ex-
perienced; first-class references. Box 2711.
Call offlce. ¦
YOUNG German-American woman with a 4-
year-old child wishes position as housekeeper
cr general work, city or country, in Jewiaa
! family; can sew. Box 236t». Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a por-
tion in German family: general housework:
eood cook. 3153 Seventeenth st.
FUENCH laundress wants washing and Iron-
ing by the day. MRS. PARDIS. __S Du-
pont it. .
TOUXG lady, experienced stenographer, dMtre*
a position; can give references. Box 2360.
Call office. .
A YOUNG Swedish rlrl withes a plao* as tj»-
stairs girl; good reference; wages »l&Ail-
dress 2G31 Nineteenth St.. corner or Tor—
A TOUXG German woman wishes a po-ltloa
as cook in a Christian family; S30; city only.
417 Twenty-ninth st.
A COMPETENT stenographer desfres perma-
nent position- will furnish machinal 12 _e-
»lred. Box 2304. Call. .
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer with 6 y«ar#
experience wishes sltoatlon. Box 24&L, Call.
JAPANESS youns girl wants situation to d»
housework or cooking; help in small £a— lly.
Address YALRO. 514 Pine st.
JAPANESE girl wants position In good fam-
ily; plain cook and housework; wages Pi
up. Address T. P.. 292 OTarrell at.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sta.
SMI — O~ai2! ITT "WAITT— P — TVT/\T~.
YOUNG man. well educated, accurata and
strictly reliable, with knowledge of book-
keepibg and business experience. wanU po- •
sltlon; references. Box 2C97. Call offlce.
SOBER man wants place- do chores; under-
stands horses: can milk; also housework;
moderate wages; good home preferred. Box
2718. Call offlce.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tlnter; first Glass;
has all tools: will work re asonabl*. Ad-
dregs 529 Geary gt.: phone Larkin 1203>
A YOCNO married man wants position _ a
retail grocery store.; 15 years' •xperlsnc*.
Box 2712. Call offlce.
MAN wants work as laborer. Call at 1333
Powell gt., city.
WANTED — Carpenter work by two plain car-
penters: country preferred. Box 2719. CalL
FIRST-CLASS furniture finisher waat* work;
city or. country. C53 Fifth st.
WANTED — Any good steady choreworfc or"
caretaker, suburbs or small country town,
help around place of trust, either agad In-
valid or kind people only, by young, com-
petent, reliable New York State. American,
willing man. 34: best habits; references; no
teamster; can milk: reasonable waxea. Ad«
dress P. J. P.. box 24C8. Call of flea.
PRESENT employers want position as book-
keeper or cashier for a tried, trusty, capable
and thoroughly honest ir.;j_n; consolidation of,
two firms necessitates his resignation, which
present employers accept unwillingly «nd re-
gretfully. Box 2S19. Call offlce.
GERMAN, sober, reliable, understands car* of
horses, garden, etc.. can rr.Uk, wants situa-
tion on private place; references; city o*
country. Box 2374. Call office.
BT a flrst-cla.os carpenter, one who has had
charge of work; a thorough mechanic; city
or country. H. N. BERXHART, general da-
Uvery. Sacranrento. Cal.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and slngla. wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery store and bar-
room: first-class references. W. BOHIXNQ.
417 Kearny st.
WANTED — Position as blacksmith or repair
woodwork en wagons and handy man on
•ranch: no shoeing: country preferred. J. W..
131 Taylor st.
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man would
like position as manager of hotel; any size.
Address T. C. KING, Hotel Sequoia. 803
Ceary tt. *
LOCOMOTIVE boiler-maker would lik* fore-
man position in railroad shop: belong to n<»
union; experience as a foreman and manu-
facturer 35 years. Box 2323, Call offlce.
ENGINEER wants position; has had 23 years'
experience: can furnish best of referencs;
would take position as handy man around
machinery Box 2321. Call offlca.
STRONG young man wants work of any kind;
good driver: not afraid of work: city or coun-
try; references. Box 2433, Call offlc*.
WANTED — Work by young man ra creamery
or dairy; en objection to leaving town.
Address box 2467. Call offlce.
GARDENER, energetic young man. 19 year*.
student, wants care of lawn cr garden tor
room and board. Adress box 2486. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants short hour Job ta
first-class shop, for Saturdays and Sundays.
Box 2373, Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires position as cashier with
$150 for security. Address 315 Fourth at..
San Francisco, CaJ.
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper or proof-
reader: no objection to leaving city. Box
2440, Call offlce.
TO tailors — First-class Swedish cutter, «g» S3
years, of practical experience, seeks situation.
Box 2449. Call offlce. -^
ELEVATOR operator wants place. O. FARGO.
347 Kearny st. " _.. ;
MIDDLE-AGED handy ift'an wants work; pri-
vate place. Address J. L. II., box 2322. Call.
SOBER, reliable Japane?-j wishes position: any
kind outsMi* work; city or country; speaks
English. Box 237s. Call offlce.
BRIGHT Japanese student wants position a»
schoolboy in small family; speaks well: nn-
derstands cooking. M. WADA. 513 Hayes at.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as
waiter in small family; speaks well. KATO,
room 8. S14A Post st.
JAPANESE couple want places; man as plaia
cook, wifa do housework: wages $33 month
up. YAMADA. 1 City Hall place.
JAPANESE, neat and energetic, wants work
for his passage to St. Louis fair; under-
stands eentlemen's care. YOIN. 633 Sutter.
JAPANESE nchoolboy wishes position In a
small family. I. O.. Japanese Gospel So-
ciety, 725 Geary st. '.;,,¦
JAPANESE exprlenced chamber worker wants
situation in family cr hotel. T. GEORGE.
121 Halght st.
A JAPANESE young boy wants position as
schoolboy in small family. K. M.. 1225 De-
vlsadero wt. ; tel. Scott R43.
A JAPANESE young boy wants a position as
cook in family; city or country. K. M., 931
Sacramento st.
JAPANESE, honest schoolboy, wants position
In small family; do cooking and wait oa ta-
ble. JOE. 9 Meacham place.
A JAPANESE boy wishes a position as an «p-
prentlce In a photographic studio; has much
experience. T. M., 535 Jessie st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position In
private family: hava references. EMOTO,
110 GoMen ttate ave.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school-
boy or housework. Address 1544 Polk st.
JAPANESE wants a position *s school boy.
Addreo U. M.. Sll Stockton st.
A JAPANESE boy wants to work as schoolhoy.
HERAO. 1008 Polkjat.: phono Larkin 1017.
CHINESE good cook desires a place tn family;
city refernces. Box 27C0. Call- phen* China
1 16. between 9 and 11 a. m.
E— CEAI7QE.
I HAVE some nicely located lots in city will
exchange for automobile. Address box 2212.
Call office.
nra-rnra_ tor s_.e.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
SIDEBOARD. foldtns~bed. front and back par-
lor carpets and piano tor sale. 41S Hyde st.
Ar.ders.in Auction House. 13 Turk nr. Market.
furniihes everything for the house ;low prices.
FURNITURE stoves, bought, sohlexchansjedl
Barser, 43d Valencia,nr.l6th.TeLChurch 5373.
.?..An Original and Useful Novelty....
TC6 TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
~A K UUl hr ICi\o
£ _ ~ CPA.T_3NT_3D) ;
In Estes' Wished and Engraved Turned-Wooden Boxes
These are the genuine "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks, put up in handsomely engraved
and polished boxes., -The engraving is in colors, directly on the wood (not a label), and the
l boxes are hand polished in the natural color of the wood, thus displaying to the best advantage
thefine grain of the silver white birch from which they are made. In a word,' it makes a very
artistic package, and the most attractive novelty of this kind, yet produced. -
• The "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks themselves are so familiar as to hardly need de*
scription — they are rounded, polished and sliverless, and admittedly the finest and most popular
American pick on the market, and are sold in every section of this country.
~'^" • In Polished _ ~*
**" ' i .¦
The above cut is fac-simile of the package and exact size of box. The cover is engraved
in red and black, and as the cut reads. The box has a very neat appearance, and is filled 'with
about 300 of these popular, high-class toothpicks. When empty box makes a very suitable re-
ceptacle for hairpins, cuff, collar buttons, etc., and is a valuable and ornamental addition to any
dresser. The premiums are free to Want Advertisers in Sunday Call only. Gifts given Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting; advertisements at:
BUSIKESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock «vwy night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:20 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
(15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until I p. ta. *
106 Eleventh street; open^until 9 p. rn.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. -
* Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-secemd and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m. -
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
. 1016 Broadway.-. — ... .....Telephone Main 10 S3
BERKELEY OFFICE!
21«8 Center Street... } Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, SATURDAY, 1UI.Y 23. 1904.
13
MIBCEEEANEOPS— TOR SAI.E — Ooa.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
MIS0j:i.5ANEOUSJW\A»TS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal-' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st .
MORRIS w«.nts 2d-hand clothing, fancy ladles'
dresses. Tuxedo suits.etc. ;postal. 043 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoft clothing Tel.
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
, McCarthy Co.. S72 Mission; phone Bush 467.
HONETJZO^ZiiOAJr.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly..
Estates, second mort^aRes. undivided Inter-
eats- assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. 8trlctly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
¦ I WILL LOAN '
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
1 Mortgage, on real estate or '
Chattels, in city, town '
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office.'
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or !
any one;confldentlal and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake, 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per ceDt interest' ' Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds,' Jewelry, sealskins
' and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
. - LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people,' retail mer- '
• chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, 'without i
security; easy payments; large business' in 46
'principal cities. Tolman,- 653 Parrott ' bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and. valuables 'at- 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE/907 Market st
.-•'.'. LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; -no publicity; $25 up; quick.
"quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned or. salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and ' other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg., .708 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1^4 PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
l charged. ELFVING. 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried' people on notes without
. indorser. MORELL. ,609 Examiner building.
•^^^MTTST^a^WSTJBUMEJWTJ^^^
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
" pianos for small . rooms, medium size for
..average rooms, bit- pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.: rlanos for rent at $1 per mo.,
¦some at $2, a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.; our Own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the
-money in y. F.);'.a fl.D* -Urts- of -<*legant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo. ; over 150 ln-
. struments to select, from, all of them good
-bargains to buy as well as rent; one years
' rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-,
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-04 Hayes st.
A FEW exceptional bargains; all uprights:
Heine grand, $473; Gabler, $350; Krell, $375;
Heine, $235; Stein way, $325; Mason & Ham-
lin. $2S5; Knabe. $160; Fischer. $115: Behr
Bros., $187; Crown, $140; Klmball, $65; Em-
erson. $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $97;
Col lard. $55; Investigate our ne'w rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 230-237 Geary St.; Oakland.
1252 Broadway.
A FEW pood Uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickering, Vose,
8teinway, Steck, Sterling, Curtaz. Neuman,
Erard, Haine« and many others; prices rea r
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarreU st.
A PIANO free for one month; If you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO., 237 Geary st.
FOR rent — Piano good condition; Emerson
square; $2 or. leas; one month free. MR.
JENKINS. 348 Sutter st.
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented
' In July and August. BRUENN, 225 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
rew; $135. 237 Geary st.
$60 FOR a flue upright. If you want a bargain
\. call at HORNUNQ'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $S5.
STATHAM. U0\ McAllister st
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. BCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stei.nvay up; Chlckertng baby grand;
Shoninycr. little used. Keeffe's. 283 O'Farrell.
OrriCES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 815— To rent for term of years, one-
half of store-room; best retail location In
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post st.
A— MME. GILLINGHAM,
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell st, between O'Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfeet, bagglness of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, - smallpox pittings. etc. ; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, .either
by mail or person: I will take patients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.'
A SUIT or overcoat including one' extra pants
free, made to order: Tor $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market it, bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
eore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price COc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN._32_Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching sea dp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co. ,1338 Polk.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
ftdentlal. Box 3234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, cores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) • speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AA — OLD tableware neatly plated as good as
new; knives, forks and spoons done very
reasonable. 012 Howard st. _J ¦'
ATTENTION— Cut this out; superfluous' hair,
moles, warts killed by absorption; $1; perm.
Beatrice St. John. Hair Spec, 426 Sutter st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'," London
Tailor. 721 Market st . - .
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 8©
down and $150 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell!
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
BEST white lead, 7c ¦ per pound; special to
painters. BUTCHER, , 741 Mission st
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trie needle. Mrs.Dr. A. W. Traverse, 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit' $7 BO; dress pants $2 5ol
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3521 19th, nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton." electric needle specialist 3C9 Sut-
ter, r. 609. I Mies. Eaton. 233 Geary^rooin 33.
MASQUERADE " costumes.'. - play ' books,- wigs; '
country orders. GOLDSTEIN &'CO.,'733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
. hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
' . ¦ ¦::---
BOOHS TO XO:T — Pnra. and Uaf urn.
SACRAMENTO, 1332 — Furn!shed~7oorn~ wlUa
use of bath.
SIXTH. 240^4— Furnished rooms, day. week ir
month; location central and reasonable.
STEINER. 1.J15C. between Eddy and SU-.s-^
Thren rooms to let.
SUTTKR. 622— Sunny front rooms with hot ani
ruld water, bath: also single roomn.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 3uJi«r. ntar Gr*nt
ave.— Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; baths fre«; $3 to $6 per we«k;
$1 to $1 50 per da:* :e!ectrtc elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market st— Offices on
the first floor to let: furnished rooms tn rult«
or single, by tft» day. week or month; tran-
sient solicited.
THE Launston, 110 EJdy. opp. Tivoll — Nic»
fur. rros.; best transient house: lowest rates.
UNITED STATES! 1m EddyTnear" Market— 4«>
room*. 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week: el«xs-
trie lights (no ga.«). running wster in every
roc.m: elevator, read. -room; fre« bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Marset—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $t 50 night: $2 to f* week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; bagg.ig».
WOLF Hens*. 202 8Ixth St.— Rooms from 13<s
to $1 per night and from 90c to IS per week.
APVEKTISEMrTNTS. subscriptions received at
Cal! branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bser»
opened at IOCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open nntll 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND BOABO.
BREAKFAST and dinner with room, $20 jv»»
month; Orst-clasn homo cooking. 1254 Eddy.
FILLMORE, t 1007— Fine furnished rooms;
sunny", convenient and modern; table board.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine fum.
sunny rooms; table board: r»a». ; new manag.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and roonC
tlng!e or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
Stevemon Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annax
_307 Callfom?a — See rooma.leam prices. try taM*
SPECIAL NOTICES.
The secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notlcs*
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from January 1. 1904. to July 1. 19(V4:
Catherlna Mendoza. 2 yrs.; AnnetU Mendoza.
4 yrs.; Mary Koenig, 11 yrs.; Alexander Con-
way. 9 yrs.; Addle Conway. S yr». : Berdtn*
Conway, 5 yrs. : Willie McLaughlln, 7 yrs. ;
Edward McLaughlln. 5 yrs.; Juanita Rulss, 11
yrs. ; Flora Healey. 4 yr». ; Margaret Healey.
3 yrs. ; Leona Healey, 2 yrs.; Addie Healey. 5
mos.; George Nolan. 6 yrs.; John Nolan, 5
yrs.: Mary Clark. 10 yrs. 5 mos.: Agne*
Clark. 9 yrs. 8 mos.; Annie Clark. 7 yrs. 5
mos. ; Catherine Clark. 6 yrs. 5 mos. : Madeline.
Clark. 2 yrs. 5 mos. : Margaret Clark. 11 mos. ;
John Arrausez. 8 yrs. ; James Arrausea. « yr*.
4 mos.; Winifred Fay. 8 yrs.: Sherman F«y.
6 yra.; Eugene Phillips, 5 yry. : Reymond
Phillips, 4 yrs.; Gladys O. Pyles, 6 yrs. 9 mos.-.
Lillian Ranken. 7 yrs.; Mary McCletlan. 10
>rs. 5 mo.; Glady M. Connolly, 1 yr. 7 mo». :
Edna Phillips, 8 yra.; Fred Farry, 7 yrs. *
mos. ; Albert Farry. 6 years 11 mos.; Louts*
F"arry, 2 yrs.: David Farry. 1 yr. : Annl»
Wilson, 3 yrs. 9 mos.; Francis Wilson. 1 yr.
9 mos. r May Compton. 8 yrs.;' John Comp-
ton. 4 yrs.. Alice Zoe Gere, 7 yrs.; Ollv»
Anderson. 12 yrs.; Leona Anderson. 11 yrs.:
Mystery Anderson. 10 yr». ; Basllne Anderson. »
yrs. : L-mls« Anderson. 8 yrst ; Monrlck Ander-
son. 7 yr». ; John Cherllle. 8 yrs. ; Louis Cherllle.
5 yr». ; Kleanor O" Brlen, 3 yrs. ; Joseph Lewis.
« yrs.; Antone Lewis, 5 yrs.: Annie Cosgrove.
7 yrs. ;' Joteph Cossrove, 4 yrs.: Lena Elster.
ft yrs. ; Oliver Elster. 5 yrs. 4 mos. ; John
Kelliny, 6 yrs. 11 mos.: Violet Leighton, 5
yr». 9 rnos.; Irene Leighton. 4 yrs.; Raymond
Lelchton. 2 yrs. 8 mos. ; Ethel Johnson. 9 yrs.
6 mos.: Ellen Gettenby. 11 yr*: Reta Get-
tenby, 1 yr. : Mabel Delorey. « yrs. -. Edna De-
lorey. 3 yrs.; Waiter Delorey. 1 yr. ; Florence)
Wall 5 yrs.; Edna Tead. 7 yrs.: Francis Mc-
Dcnald. 10 yrs.; Camella Mendoza, 11 yrs- :
William Mendoza. 0 yrs.: Patrick Murphy, 5
yr*» 6 mcs. ; Hazel Young, 4 yrs. ; Lana Tarn-
brine, 2 yrsv : Laurence Peters, 7 yrs. : Frank
Peters, 9 yrs.; Frank Lutz. 7 yrs.: Harold
Ferslon. 2 yrs. : Manuel de Lemos. 5 yrs. ft
mos.; Norman d» Lemosi. 4 yrs.: Viola, Kelly. It
yrs. ; WIIll* Kelly, 6 yrs.; Walter Brown. 8
yrs.; Antony Simon. 1 yr.: Llllle Gannon. T
yrs.; Cltarley Gudterrez. 2 yrs.; Elizabeth
Woods. 2 yrs. 4 mos. : Alice McNesby, 5 yrs. :
Ellen McNesby. 2 yrs.: William Edwards. «
yrs. 2 mos.; Carrie Wilson. 9 yrs.; Gertrud*
Carlson. 9 yrs. ; Edward Will. 4 yrs». 1 mo. :
Catherine Newman, 10 yrs. ; Elsie Murray. It
yrs.; Roy Elster. 3 yrs.; Carol Drexll, 10 yrst
6 mos.; Harry Drexll, 9 yrs. 6 most
STOBAOE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage it Van Co.; furniturw.
household troods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. O. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st. :
phone Mint 2»41 : JOHN F. COOPER. pre». ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage Sc Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12d.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 8-IO
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWTBTQ MACHJJI JES AJTO B UJPFXtlEg.
DOMESTIC — Th* machine for family use: best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all klnda rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
TO I^EASE.
MARKET. 78» — 2 upper floors In center of city:
fitted for Usrht manufacturing purposes; runs
through to Stevenson st. Apply Penny Audi-
torium^
¦ YIAVI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence Invited.
VIA VI CO.. 2304 Van Nes» «.»«.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A MONTHLY dividend of S cents per share- on
the preferred capital stock of the United
Milk Company has been declared, now pay-
able at the office of tha company at 521
Montgomery st. 8. F. Regular monthly
dividends will be paid In future.
_^_ op 5. sa^?l___:
DEPARTMENT of the Interior. Offlc* «f In-
dian Affairs. Washington. D. C. July 13,
1904. — Notice Is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and.
asphalt lands and unleased segregated co*l
and asphalt deposits will be opened by ths
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at his office.
In Washington, at dates as follows: For the>
purchase of tracts within ths McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern
time). Monday. October 3. 1904; for tracts
In the Wtlburton-Stigler District (No. 2). at
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday, De-
cember 5 1904; for tracts In th* Howt-Po-
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. rn.
fEastern time). Monday. February 6. 1905:
/or tracts In the McCurtaln-Massey District
(No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time).
Monday, April 3. 1905; for tracts In th* Le-
hlgh-Ardmor* District (No. 5). at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 5. 1905;
and for tracts in District No. 6 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. August 7. 1903.
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations oC
June 17, 1904. governing the sale of th* un-
leased segregated coal and asphalt lands* and
nnleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to thl«
office or the United States Indian Agent.
Union Agency, Muskogee. Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which
will be found in the regulations. A certified
check or draft for twenty per cent cf ths
amount of the bid must accompany the bid.
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful-bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs the full
amount of their respective bids within fifteen
days after receipt by them of notice of th»
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
der fails to comply with the terms of his bid
within the time specified the check deposited
by him .is an evidence of good faith will b<*
forfeited to the use of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations. The right to reject any
or all blda Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance
will contain a clause "subject, however, to
existing rights of way for railroads." A. C.
TONNER. Acting Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior. Washington. D. C.
July 13.- 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN.
Acting Secretary.
NOTICE to contractors^ — Notice is hereby given
that bids will be received by the City Clerk
of the City of Eureka. California, up to and
Including August 9. 1904, at 7:30 p. m.. for
the construction of the extension of the pres-
ent sewer rrstem In accordance with Ui«
plans and speclficatlona on file In this office.
The Council reserves the. tight to reject any
and all bids.
J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Cltrt.
Dated July 13. 1004.
Continued on rase Fourteen. _j
HOB5E3 AKTJ WAGONS— Continued.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — 1 large platform wagon, S express
vvacor.s. 1 covered wagon for camping. 233
Beale st.
I WAGON for sale; one fruit wagon to carry 4
tons. 426 Ninth st. -
FOIt sale — An easy riding bugiry; good run-
ning order. Box 2229, Call office.
NEW gr.d second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1015 Market st. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
r,«-?o. work and driving horses. 15th-ValencIa.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN 4 CO.,20 Montgomery.
$37 50— SUNNY 0-room house. 1S52 Green
St.. near Laruna.
_ HOUSES _ TO XiET — FTTBlsnSHlID.^^
TATLOR, 1416, nr. Jackson, overlooking bay —
Comfortably fur.house.7 room».bath; open 1-4. 1
PIERCE, 47. cor. Duboce Park— Desirable new
sunny cottage; 7 rooms; furn. or unfurn.
COTTAGES WANTED.^
COTTAGE or small flat; furnished or unfur-
nUh«d; reasonable; state prlco. Box 2377,Call.
WANTED — To rent a 4 or 5 room cottage, with
yard. In the Mission. 126% Langton st
__ nrv Ai.ro QKAraa. ;
BOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt : tel.Park 775.
\ LBCTUIIES.
"THE Wonders of Radium and Its Power la
Curing Diseases." 1023 Market st, 2 and S
p. m. Seats free. .-
LOST AND IQTJWP.
FOUND— The next three months, choicest cut I
flowers and all descriptions Coral work at j
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Eutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST — An account book, bound In white canvas
cloth; lost somewhere between Oakland and j
Berkeley; valueless to anybody but owner.
Finder will be suitably rewarded upon deliv-
ering soon at law office of W. LAIR HILL.
969 Broadway. Oakland. \
LOST— Oval locket, with child's picture, go-
ing from Sutter to Flllmore or Mission cars.
Return to M. DAVID. 128 Kearny st.. room
B; reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
. and Loan Society of San Francisco In tha
name of Annie H. Lowder, No. 226-295.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Thursday, a gold chain bracelet, small
diamond in the padlock. Return to Chronicle
cashier and receive reward.
BREASTPIN with gentleman's photo. Finder
will kindly return to 633A Minna st. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST — Fox terrier, male, Sunday; No. of new
license. 2341; liberal reward for finder or
clew. 676 Fulton st
LOST — A large package of needles. Please re-
turn to 107 Post st.
LOST— Irish setter dog. Return to 003 Fifth
st and receive reward.
LOST— A cane, between 903 Sutter st. and
Harbor View. Return to 003 Sutter; reward.
LOST— Sunday, a 'string of gold beads on trip
to San Rafael. 1911 Pine st; reward.
LADY'S gold watch: E. A. Jones name on
dial. Kindly return to 10 Natoma; reward.
LOST— Gold watch, Monday night: liberal- re-
ward; no questions. H. LOCKE, 15 Middlo st.
FOUND — Ladies' pocketbook. Call at 621
O'Farrell st.
LAUWCEE8 FOB HIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel.- Bush 534.
J. MIchaelts Launch Co., Unlon-st Wharf; boat-
Ing ft excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2686.
MATTKEBSEB AJTP PTLEOWB.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief f:r irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to'
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE 1
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Eat 14 yrs. DR R. H
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relref
from irregularities consult me; my method*
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist tor all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
Hef guaranteed. 1003% Market st, opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are'slcsTor
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the. unfortu-
nate helped; the moet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment. 1128 Market
LADIES — Kumround: safe cure, never falls;
$2. Gleaton-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLA-KEOpS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSII * WOLPMAN, 195-187 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~ *
Repair It with elaterlte, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.; 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, englnet, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-258 Spear St.
and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEI?S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs. ' ¦
GENT8' full dress, Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
email weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st -
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale — Young chickens and hens at. 90i>
Treat, ave.. near Twenty-second st.
ELA8TIC stockings. $2. Factory 40 Ellis st.
ENGINEER'S transit for sale cheap A B.~C~
411 Market st.
i CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses $1 CO pr • i
t other fancy varieties. C.Wllson.229 Stevenson. |
BARGAIN— Cylinder press, type, racks, aiu
BRIEL PRINTING CO.. 419 Sacramento St.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st ' j
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store, 61 McAllister, st. ¦ :¦-
SAFES and cash registers, new and second.
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.*. 1816 Market st
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
galupl, moved to 786 Mission st
ROUND eamping tents for sale; cheap* some
new; 16x16. 810 Third st; tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery «t • -
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental-
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st...
SAFES-— New and second-hand. E. B. -BECK
*. CO.. 123 Market «t.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— house BEKTOC6? DEPARTMENT. •
*'< deslra!-!^ vacant bouses and flats are !!rt-
«•<! Ir. our fr*« r*r.t!r.g dpjiartmmt: over 1000
!r number; a conibin---l list from all agencies-
le; u* rive you a '.1st and help you to find
* Vlacc; we never fail; service free
STERLING FURNITURE CO
1033 MARKET ST
OPPOSITE McALUSTER.
A -HOfFrs nnd flat* to let: m Immense ll»t;
r^rvire ab«ol^te!y free: take advantage of
'his deportment; H will rave yo-j time ar.d
tractate. Cotdes Furniture Co.. 2JS-25U
Cear> t-t. cc the square.
RONDKL pise*. 22, nesr Sixteenth and ValeiT-
c!a us. — Ucdern flat. 5 rooms and bath:
rent I2«.
NOE. 10S0— Beautiful new flat; snTrTny" oarneT;
!» rooms «nd bsih: *» II modern Improvements;
_converjient^ to Castro find 2Uh-st. cars.
CASTRO, 451. nr. Itrt — Hunry bettj mod»ra
iif-per French sunny 11 rocre*; bolcony:
view; rcriv. for 2 famllle*: $10; stable.
MODEBN S-roora flat : rrct $17. Apply at 1536
Fnnta Clay*. ••.-«»., A'.ameda.
XHW »lf«at flst«. fi rooms, b-th: near Park;
y tlntad; $a £.0. B st. and Fourth eve.
VNION. 1337 — Maiice view, sunny: S rooms.
UrPH, 120OV*— 4 rooms; rent JlT A^Ply
1SI7A Bush rt.
FOTJB sunny TTvoms end bath for family of
adults. 8C0 Hampshire Et. corner Twentieth.
GROVE. 730— Modern middle flat; « rooms;
bath; storeroom: adults.
LAKE. T42--New C-room Tat; rent $23; ma-
rine vl*w.
X2.*— NEW sur.ry 6 morr.s: all modern; no car
'are. Leroy place. Sacramento and Jones.
FIM.V.OKE, UH. comer— 7 large, light rooms
<r! bath: modern; rent $40.
LARGEST htt of bouse* ar«d flats to let Call
•^n LYON * HOAG. 116 Montsranery st.
rLATSJTOJLBT— TVKSTSWKD.
HAir.HT. 3W8. Buefia Vitrta. cor. CentraTave?
— E'.egantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
hniM has all conveniences snd Is situated in
*eie«n r.elfhborbcod.
FTN'K, 13S3— Nicely furnlshf-d. Funny. 8-room
f.at: r'iano; reasonable; 6 mnths to 1 year.
ri»ATS l^rOBJALE- rURgTSgED .
FVRN1TTJRE of tt rooms for sale; rent of flat
*;: .y>: * snap. 54 I'orto'.a st.
FXmSJlTTXSE WASTED.
ABE LEVY^
S-'alesroom. j;35 Market st Tel. Jessie 76?.
i>cB"t »«=i| your lurniture. carpets, office fur-
eu.. until you get his estimate.
WAN*TK1>--Csrpets; must be in good condition.
bo* 2213. Call office.
OiAS. USVT & CO. pay highest price for fur-
ri-u^ arptts.^to. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 413.
HELP WAarTED-— PEMA1E.
WASTED — German or French rook, no wash-
ing. $40: IS gir'.f,, general housework, city
and country. tX>, $.;0 an<l $35; North Ger-
man nurse. $2j; flrst-clasn nurse, $3l>: sec-
t-nd girl. $J5; chambermaid and ' laundress,
• oustry hotel. $25; Ironer. $25; 3 chamber-
maids arid waitresses, country hotel, $25;
vaitre**. country. J25, and many others
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
TWO straight waitresses for Lake Tahoe; $25
*ach; call early. MISS PLUNKETT, 4i5
i-uite"- £t.. near Pcwell.
*-\\A.\'TtD — G.r.s to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 r*r week up; leading
n'h'Kil In West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
eon; both seasons taught trom start to flr.ish
in one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
felesladies. etc.. ruaranteed at $10 per wk.up-
day a;:d evening class. 14."{ Stockton et.. r. 13.
HairdressicR. manicuring, massace. *calp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous hair:$5 2
SrkS»; day. «-ve. clas*; positions secured highest
vsfrfg. Unmoved from 12&C Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hainiressing
and manlcunns: paid while learning Apply
between '.* -nd 11 a., m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— rirst-claes alteration hand; one
«r.o understands fitting. Apply between 9
ar.d 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
?¦ »nd H a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— A young lady cf IS to 20 to do
typewriting; no knowledge of stenography
Is necessary. Apply this morning- betwe-n
i<> and 12. advertising department S. N.
WOOD & Qu.. 7J0 Market et.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking; must be very
r.est sm-pr. 1542 "Webster St.
YOUNG woman to assist In housework: sleep
at hr.me. Apply from 10 to 3 at 1281 Turk fit
6 LADY barbers wanted: guarantee $15 per
week. COLEMANS. Mutual Bank bu!M-
!ng. room S06.
GIP.L. small family; $20. 26 Fifth ave.. north
of Lak* tt.
WANTED— K!rst-c!a»s millinery trimmer. Ap-
1 * 1 *** 3 * * nd n a m - «t BALE BROS.'
A^ROFITABLE outing; pick hops In Augrot
wr.te E. <">mer.s Horst. 122 Battery st.S.F.
A BRANCH office of The Call Tor the reception
of a<2ver*J*»rr.»-nt* and subscriptions has been
j-pened at KXB Market st. opposite Firth.
°p<n until 11 p. m.
,5??* 'WAKTEO — KALE.
AT HORD X SMITH'S
Contractors' Agtnts, 95 Third St.
B!»<-kCTn!th for contractor, city.
Able to <Jo repair work, etc
Experienced wheeler for brickyard, $2 BO
Fresno County, fare $6 50.
I^rijr job, $2 a per day.
M, nferey County. $2 25 per day.
Southern California. Pauta Barbara County.
laborer* sir.d tearmuere, $2.
OOAr-HMAN and Trtfe. J50 *nd found; S house
11 r J£' n i'* re - J4 dBJ ' ; !<J laborers for country.
Z " J *f- y: Ia r nfr / I>4 wife: baker - country
¦top tj'te'* »nd found; cook, email hoteC
J40 and round; second cook, country hotel.
S..0 a=4 feuna; cook and wife for institution.
$.*.O and found; fry cook. $14 week; and
..there. J. F. CROBETT & CO.. 629 Sacra-
mento n.
MAN and wire, country, $r,o Br » rartr 9
_ o'clock. MRS. NORTON. Sutter st
WANTED— Man cf experl'-nce and unque*-
tiontd ability to manage and buy for the
liveliest *hoe department in Southern Cali-
fornia.; a splendid position for the richt man
« riVfc. stating experience, where last em-
_rjoy*-d. etc.. to box 23<». Ca.ll office.
WANTED— Experienced stenographer- and
boGkk-^er for the rour.tr>': married man
between the £ C e of 25 and 35 preferred-
must be of good habits. Box 2715. Call office!
WANTED — Collator for a furniture Instal-
ment house; state wages and expedience-
£"y w °* clt y- Answer Collector, box
WANTED— Young man with knowledge of
typesetUrur. J. c. IRVINE & CO.. 751
Market et.
FIRST-CLAS.^ barber wants short hour Job in
fii-Ht-clars Fhrp en Saturdays and Sundays
Box 2373, Call office. '
YOJTNG man of good habits to do office work-
**°,, nt . h: rou£t hav * TO1 * n capital!
Call 1015 Market «.. room 4.
BARBER wanu-d fr,r Saturday and Sunday
1343 Mission Et.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday"
1357 Durxmt st. : » . . ?
BARIJKR for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth st
Oakland. Cal.
BARBER for Saturday nishts and Sunday 1
forenoon*. 210 Broadway.
WANTED — Lcrce boye for wrappers. Apply
stitr?rinten«ler.fi' office, the Emporium.
BOY about 14 years old to work tn paint shop
Add rers box Saw. Call office.
EXPERIENCED soda-water dispenser. 572
Geary tt. ¦ . ...^ . »~ii
A TOUNO man r.anted to le arn the barber '
trade and be Independent. Box 2IG2. Call. j
WANTED — A boy to Ham the painting: trade"
Apply 2012 Market et.
A TOL'XG man tor soda fountain- call from
Q to 12. BLUM'S. Polk and Sutler Us.
WANTED — Young man to do porter work"
WILLIAM CUOTTK. 2 Seventh st.
WANTED— A boy to make himself useful In
a t-eytaurant. 2« ftorkton «t
WANTED — Boy to learn «-srriaze and black-
*r.iitliln£. *28 Harrison st.
WAITED — A yenne man to make l-Jmeelf
useful In a rctUuisr.t. 2» Stockton st.
SAK MATEO BEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; U cash.
Menlo Park — A flne country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
.Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; wetl sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
bulldlns Immediately.
SELBT. RODGERS Sc CO..
Telephone Main CT3. 116 California »t.
POI2TT RICHMOND BEAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at StetreTon Santa Fe
and electric road*; land $300 per ace; lots
C0x200 at. $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings. $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps. etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st.8.F.
BEAI. ESTATE — COTJNTBY— for Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C49 Market St.. .
BEAI. ESTATEI TO E3ECHA1TOE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
~ SUITE 807-8CS CALL BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
Our long experience In this business enables
us to' often accornpltsb this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition 'we
make Is that your property, if you wish us to
dlinpse of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
tak* up either our time or. your own with
worthless offerings, or property so. heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If It has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result..
THIS 18 SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept.
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change . for nnlncumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property In the Rus-
sian River section: Berkeley property con-
sists of 9-room residence, lot 46x134. with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; tn desirable residence section;
near school.., railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4927. Call office.
FALMISTBY.
A— MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 610 Eddy st; phone Polk 4611.
Mrs.C.V.Whitney,palmlst: hours 10 to 12. 2 to
5; partles.entertainments a spedalty.711 Polk.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 632 Market st
_J?HYSICIANS AWD STTSOEOarS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlceand residence!
; 1021% Market St.. bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 % Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all dlseasfs of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo.
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po '•
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor* — All dls-
eaees cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st. tea and h«r>
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
BOOMS rOE HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. 523 — 2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
EDDY, 933 — 4 finely furn. or unfurn. rooms;
private residence: fine location; phone; ref.
FURNISHED sunny suites; all complete for
housekeeping; gas, bath, phone: a quiet and
pleasant home; near park and City Hall; $15
up. St. James, McAllister and Laguna sts.
GOLDEN GATE av*.. 311— Sunny furnished
room for light housekeeping; no children;
private family; $10.
HAIGHT, 222 — 3 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple; phone; references; call
1 to 4, 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor; fur-
nished for housekeeping: rent $15.
HARRISON. 748 — Housekeeping room. $7: gas,
laundry; 2 furnished rooms. $5 and $7.
HARRISON, 748 — Large sunny front parlor for
housekeeping; price reasonable; location good.
JESSIE, 333 — Large sunny front room, fur-
nished housekeeping; sink. gas range ;$3 week.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
sves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3- room suits; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LARKIN,1007.cor. Post— The Cragburn. H.Bur-
lingame, prop. ;rms.. single £ hkpg.apartments.
OAK. 117, S38 McAllister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gag range, hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 776, bet. Hyde and Larkin— 2
unfurnished. $15. and 1 single furnished. $10.
O'FARRELL, 1394-1395— New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced prices.
POST. 217, near Grant ave. — Lovely rooms for
light housekeeping; single or en suite.
SACRAMENTO.1433 — 3 nicely fur.nns. .front &
back parlors, kitchen; gas stove, bath, phone.
SHERWOOD place, 16%, oft ThlnTst— 2 nice.
funny, furnished front rooms for housekeep-
ing, or without • 1
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — Two or three connect-
ing rooms; running water, gas range; com-
plete.
THE Virginia, 1005 Powell st— Complete for
hskpg.; furn. or unfurn. apartments; bay wln-
dow, marine view, bath, range. Phone Red 892
TU.RK, 1147 — Elegant new unfurnished rooms;
sunny; select location. Apply 10 to *.
VAN NESS ave.. 1419 — Sunny front suite with
use of bath, phone, etc.
APABTMEin? HOUSES. '
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; furn. or unfurn. : refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET— -rurn. and TJnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 13fl4) — Fur^
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished,
BUSH, CC9 — Parlor suite with running water;
rent single if desired.
EDDY, 432 — Nice sunny furnished rooms; good
location; modern and reasonable.
ELIZABETH, 727 — Cozy room: homa comforts;
$5 monthly; with breakfast. $9. Leave West
Twenty-fourth-st. cars at Douglass st
FELL^Se^— Nice furnished rooms, modern;
good nelehborhood and convenient.
FRANKLIN. 721. near O. O. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; all conveniences; $11&$12.
GEARY. 936. near Larkln — Large room, well
furnl«hed. suitable for one , gentleman ; easy
walking distance from the 'business section;
convenient washroom and large clothes closet
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : readlng-rrn.
HAMPTON place, 18 — Nice rooms; reasonable
rates; very quiet; central.
I HARRISON. 2915— Room to let; $5.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at Iot
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JESSIE, 363. east U. S. Mint— Large front
Funny room. 2 beds, $3; single. $5 month.
MARKET, 1049A. The Falmouth — Sunny rooms;
j hot and cold water: elevator; $2 to $7.
[ MODERN suite of rooms; elegantly furnished;
1 also single room. Box 1820. Call office.
NINTH st. 147 — Nice single room; rent reason-
able.
OAK. 407. near Laguna — $1 50 week. new.
bath, quiet, clean, sunny. See Sundays or
X 6 p. m. .week «lays. .. . ¦ - ,- -¦ •
ROYAL House, .126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to f 1 50; week. $2
to JS; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
teoc: tootm «Ub bat *a& uU w*u* ; v -i'Vr
BEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB, SAItE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE- AGENTS,
S MONTGOMERY ST.
$56,000— Sit elegant flats; rented reasonably;
no vacancies since buildinc was built; north
side of. street; not far from Hyde st; 52:6
feet of frontage.
$32,3tK) — Rents $212 50 and one vacant lot
whereby*- Income "may" be increased. An ex-
ceptionally well-built building of 4 first-class
'flats; sun and light in every room-as this is
a corner with depth on north side ftf street
$3Q,000— Rents $167 30; O'FarreU at; right
In town; close to Taylor; 3 fine flats.
$25,000 — I elegant flats on north side of
street; sun and lisht In every room; rents
$205; make offer.
$24,000— Jackson st; corner flats; exception-
ally well built; complete In every detail;
neighborhood first class; total rents. $ ISO a mo.
$20,000— Rents $150 a x month from 8 fine
1 large flats on north side of Union st; always
rented.
$20,000— Eleventh-st. corner; rents $112, but
should be- Increased; a fine downtown buy,
with excellent prospect.
.$20,000 — Corner store; flat and 2-story build-
ing; 37-feet front; will always rent; cost over
$12,000 to build; rents $121 50; rents can be
increased by adding some improvements.
$18,000— Washington st.. north side; flrst-
class residence locality; 2 exceptionally well-
built houses each having 0 rooms and bath
and large, high, finished basement; total rents
now $130; should pay $140 now; with little
expenditure in making changes would pay a
splendid income.
$17,000— Halght-st. flats; 50 feet front; good
neighborhood; rented low at $116 a month, but
should be Increased.
$17,750— Lfl.rkin-st. corner; 3 new flats of 7
rooms and bath each; occupying only half of
lot: other half can be built on and will pay
handsomely.
$14.1)00— New flats, not all rented; rents ask-
ing $145; 'over 12 per cent from new property
In first-class locality; very finely arranged
flats; key lot. *
$13,600 — Buena Vista ave. flats: three-story
house; upper flat has 9 rooms and bath, social
hall; all conveniences and perfect In every
detail; lower flat has 6 rooms and bath; rents
now $75 a month; exceptionally well built and
arranged: one of these flats was arranged for
a home for the owner.
$13,000 — O'Farrell st, north, side; 2 Iarg»
flats on key lot; sun in all rooms; right In
town; 7 and 8 rooms and' bath; fine home and
investment.. . :
$12,000 — Downtown; 3 flats; rents $80; can
eacily be $100; always rented.
$10,500 — Hyde St.; two stores and one flat In
level block and business locality.
$10,000— Two flne flats. Just being erected,
with finished attic and- basement; will rent for
$90 to $100 a month easily; good residence
locality in the marine view district.
$10,000— McAllister st; good house that can
be changed Into store and flats; will always
pay — tn a . growing locality.
$10,000— Fell-st. flats; rents $77 CO; sun and
light in almost every room; exceptionally well
built, with all latest conveniences; 6 and 9
rocms and bath respectively.
$8000 — Waller st. ; 20-foot front, back to rear
street; two flats and one 2-story house.
$8000 — Folsom-st. flats on very large lot; 6
rooms and bath each.
$7900— Lyon st; rented low at $63 50 a
month; sun front and back; cars convenient;
lower flat 5 rooms and bath; upper flat 10
rooms and bath; this is a good buy. .
$7000 — Howard st. ; 2 good flats renting for
$50 a month; one tenant there ten years.
$6000 — Folsom St.; 2-story building rented to
one tenant at $40 a month.
$4800 — Rents $42; tin northern part of the
city; 3 small flats and U-foot concrete base-
ment.
$4000 — Montgomery-ave. corner: all frontage;
rents $40 a month.
$3000 — Rents $23; Bay St.; two good flats;
always rented.
fCiiW — ON account of bank foreclosure; two
elegant, new, modern flats containing six and
five rooms, renting for $62 50 per month;
situated on the north side of Sacramento st.,
near Walnut; bank mortgage $3300; this
property m»st be cold; investigate this at
once. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 301-302 Eat-
amlnfj; building. '¦
FIRST time on the market. 4 flne level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner 18th
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; Just the place for
* houses or flats; only $60 per front foot.
Where can you beat this?
<sc O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
'' " .-• '22 Montgomery st.
$1 25 PER week; no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do; ready ¦ to build your little borne
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
A THREE-STORY pressed brick building In
Oakland; three stores and 25 rooms above and
oil leaseO; lot 60x100; in the very business
center; building cost over $40,000 and lot Is
worth $20,000; this property can be bought
for $37,000: I must have money at once.
Address Owner, box 1258, Call^ office. Oakland
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 512 Callaghan blBL,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$500 DOWN: balance $25 per month: cottage
5 rooms and bath on 24th st car line.
$2,800 — House of 6 rooms and bath on West
Park st; must sell, going away. >
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
A FINE Income property: two up-to-date flats,
all modern and convenient; good as new;
owner has to sell on account of going East-
Apply owner. 3981 Twenty-flfth st; at home
mornings before 1 o'clock.
BLOCK of new Colonial flats near Park. 9
rooms, bath, cheap for cash; also on easy
payments: B . st. bet. 3d and 4th aves.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS: up to date;
terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
erick, west of Willard. Sam Glass, builder,
on premises.
ALAMEDA ADVERTS'M ? TS
ALAMEDA EEAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA — For sale or exchange. Ideal home,
9 rooms, bath. See photos, office BURNHAM
6 MAR8H CO.. 211 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL 10-room residence- in Alameda;
lot 60x150. Owner. 610 Market 3. F., room 93.
BERKELEY AD VERT'S'M'NTS
BEBKILEY M3AL ESTATE.
6 ACRES in the heart of town, with cottage,
windmill. 4000-gal tank, large barn, cow
shed and buggy shed; fronting on macada-
mized street, for sale at a bargain; there's
money in It
JOS. J. MASON,
.;.,¦ SE.,Cor. Shattuck and Center Rt
MODERN bungalow, 5 rooms, bath, etc., gas
and electricity; lot 35x115; good location;
above Telegraph ave. ; price $2200; cash $200
balance like rent: $25 monthly. H. C. IR-
WIN, Lorln station, South Berkeley. Open
Sundays.
BEBKELSY HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET — New 6-room house. 1257 Allstcn
way. Berkeley; rent $14; key next door.
OAKLAND ADVERTS'M'TS
OF7ICE, 1010 BROADWAY.
OAKX^AITP REAL ESTATE.
Chicago, 111., July 0, 1904.
J S. MYERS, Real Estate Agent
.1002 Broadway, Oakland.
Dear Sir— I want you to sell my house on
Edwards street at once. Reduce the price
to $37D0. It has cost me $4500. The house
Is new, has seven rooms and bath. I had
It built for a home and it is first-class In
every way; open plumbing; combination
gaa fixtures; lot is 50x125; fronts south;
mortgage of $2GC0 can remain. I make this
reduction In price so as to realize on It at
once. Respectfully. LOUIS D. REEB, Pal-
mer House, Chicago.
The above, mentioned property is a flrst-
class place; it is near the Key Route station
on . Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street.
The street Is 80 feet wide.- macadamized and
cement walks and Is a first-class neighbor-
hood. It Is positively .a big bargain, and to
see It . means to buy It. >
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$500 CASH will buy you a modern 6-room 2-
story house, .with stable; lot 40x107; only 2
minutes' walk to Key route station; balance
account principal and Interest only $24 per
month; apply at once. Box 1267. Call of-
fice, Oakland.
A— BARGAIN: lots 33x100; Sixty-third «t., east
of Telegraph ave.; one block from Telegraph
and Alcatraz ave. car lines; only $265. H.
KITTINQER. 4515 Grove at. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for.D cents— The Weekly Call.
• ¦¦- 10 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.:
TO-MORROW ¦ the day for bargains In furnN
lure- H. Scbellbaaa.Utb •t.cor.stgie.OaUaod.
MAIiE — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 034-U30 Clay St.
Phone Ma.n 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Uriek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
19(j3 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
CC.tOO Men Work. ' increase 6O.C00.
BIG "GOOD MINES. '
4 furnace men. $40 and lound.
l-'Jreman. cola a.n<i copper mine, $25 found.
CARPE.MEKS.
12 carpenters loc fare. $3 day.
l» carpenters, city Jobs. $.'J to $4 day.
3 carpenters and stair- builders, $1 day.
BUTCHERS,
Young man. drive butcher wagon. 10c fare.
Butcher, all-round mail, Alameda County.
Uutcher. tend market, drive wagon and
t-laughter.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs. $.1 to $4 day.
Blacksmith no shoeing, little wood work, $3.
Carriage blacksmith rare $1 2o, $3 to $3 6t>.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waiter, mine, southeast .*¦:><> iound.
12 crv>k*=, different places, »30, $50, $60.
•; waiters. $30 to $40 found. '
4 waiter boys. $25. $2U found.
12 dishwashers. fc6. $7. $S week.
Laundryman, institution. $40.
; 4 pcrterp. 2 bellboys.
LUMBER COMPANIES, ETC
t>ans edgcrmau, boes here, $75.
Cement Unlsher. country.
Uf»ad donkeyman. woods, fare $2, $65 found.
Man. charge, vinegar plant. $20 week.
Head lineman, woods. $75 found.
Sblngle jointer, country, $35 found.
2 men. make each weights, city Job.
4 plumbers. $4.
6 iron molders.
3 wheelwrights, carriage works.
Grader, lumber ccmpajiy, north, $90.
Tail edgcrman, fare $3, $2 25 day.
Spoolfnder. lumber co.. south. $50 found.
12 coopere. slack work, steady. lOc barret
2 lumber graders, boss here.- $90.
Lumber grader, boss here, $3 day.
Gang edgorman, lumber company, $75.
8 men, make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here, $50 found: 2 screw turners;
2 carriage setters; hook tender.
Gang charcoal burners. 10s to 15c sack.
FARMS — DAIRIES — STABLES.
• 12 milkers. $3O. $35. $40 forand.
12 farmers. $30 and found. *
14 choremen. boys,. $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen. $«> found. $80. $76.
4 farmers and wives. $40, $.V>. $60 found.
M CRRAY A READY. G.14-630 Clay st
_ ; e PLUMBERS. $4.
3 nailers, crates, city jcb, 2c to 24c
Plarerman, run rip saw. J2 to $3 day.
FIREMAN. OIL BURNER.. $67 60.
Man to head up pickle barrels, $2 day.
LOOK.
Amalgamator, gold quartz mine, $90.
2 concentrators, gold quartz mine, $75.
Second cook. hot«l. 30c fare, $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st .
35 MEN '
As laborers. . no experience needed, for an
exceptionally good banking syndicate,
ft;" DO per month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
3 TYPEWRITERS, our offlo*.
Boy errands and office for us.
'MURRAY & READY. C34-836 Clay et
A— TO LOS ANGELES, $4 60.
By Santa Fe R- R., 8 p. m. dally.
150 teamsters. $<50.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. ' Redlands. River? lde.
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves.
MURRAY. & READY. 634-036 Clay et.
A— BAKER, Santa Crux Gounty. $14 week fd.
Walter, East and fare paid, $8 75 week fd.
155 woodchoppers.
155 tlemakers.
LOOK.
Leverman for a dredirer. $70 and found.
2 carpenters, fare $1 90. $3 50 day.
Tinsmith. »*bour Job. $3 5t> day.
Brick burner, boss here. $75.
LOOK.
Sir.gle-erjtry bookkeeper and storekeeper,
mine boss here, call early. $S2 50.
MLTRRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay ?t.
WANTED — Young man about 20 years of age
who has h»d some experience In men's fur-
nishings. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS/ I ,
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. rn. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
wash goods salesman. • Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who 1s an experienced
drapery salesman. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BRO3.' '
WANTED — Cash boys from 13 to 15 years of
age. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS."
WANTED — Young man twho is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' .
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required: positions secured; con-
ctant practice and expert instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE, 635 Clay st
AN experienced, sober. Industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department In a store
situated not far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1S02, Call office,
I WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Paclflc Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third at; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros Co. School of Practical
Plumbing: send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave., St. Louis. Mo.
ERRAND boy wanted; must have references;
steady nositlon and advancement for right
boy. KIRK. GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary st
MEN and women to learn the barber trade In
five weeks: new method; paid while learn-
ing. HAIGHTS. 647 Commercial *t.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Tailor for repairing shop; cleaning
and oreFfing. 260 Third st.
GOOD wages paid to portrait agents. Call
aft«r 3 p. m. at 1005 Howard st.
WANTED — First-class car builders. Apply at
210 Fremont st
BARBERS— For sale, good paying two-chair
barber shop. Corner Fourteenth and Folfom.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montiry. r. 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid while
learning. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
A profitable outing; pick hops In August Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st.S.F.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
tn'.ps. HALLBECT. SI7 Jackson «t-
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls. r.40. Phelan bids;.
rast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
EAILORS and ordinary eeamen for all 'parts of
the wor-d at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third ,st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at loos Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, oor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Minion St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GnT. your nhoe« half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 5Oc. nc3 Mission Ft. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAITED— SAXESMEZT.
{salesmen wanted— Agents, dealers and
storekeepers, start In business for yourself
on our capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready
made goods; you can control entire local
trade with our line; fall line 350 up-to-date
styles of woolens, fashion displays, etc., now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity; write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory; experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co.. Dept.
A. Washington bouiva. an^ tjnlon. Chicago.
HORSES ASS WAGONS. |
GOOD second-hand hack, top rockaway \im-
d«n and lady's village cart, top wagon and
phaeton, cheap at O'BRIEN'S cor. Polk «t
and Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Young bay driving team. $350 -J
PEARD. 927 Market st. room 302- call 9
a. m. to 3:30 p. m.; phone Howard 1534.
COUPE, new; suitable for doctor or family
never used; sell at a sacrifice Club Stables
Twelfth and Harrison sts.. Oakland. '
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons
Furreys. buggies, carts and harness; at 11 4ii
Fol*cm et
BARGAIN — For rale, borpe wason and har-
ncra !n flrFt-daos condltljn. 720 Pacific st.
LARGE team, $40; pacer, $20; camp team out-
fit. sale or reut; buggy, cart. 2728 Bryant. 1
OBTAINED FROM AN |]\T !ftl|ilfB f> A I I
Tnvestm'ent UN AW A. IN 1 AU I IN, 1 1~1 C V_>ALLVICTORIA— Sailed July 22— Stmr Cottage
City, for Skagway; Br stmr Aorangl, for Liv
erpool. ?Eng. v
Pasajd out July 22— Br utmr "vVyefleld, from
Nanaimo, for Port Los Angeles.
¦Paseed in July 22 — Nor stmr Tellus, hence
July IS forsLadysmltli.' :
Arrived' July 22— Stmr Umatilla, hence
Jul> JA.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDBEN- Sailed July 22— Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 22 — Schr Edward R West, from
Honolulu.
EUREKA— Sailed July 22— Schr Allen A,
for San Pedro. '
Arrived July 22— Stmr Phoenix, hence July
20; schr John A, hence July 20; stmr Prentlss.
hence July 21.
' FOREIGN PORTS.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 22.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. v , - 1
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bollnas.
Schr'* Honolulu, Nielsen, 9 days from Port
Gamble. - /
Schr Oakland. Kwart, 4 days from Sluslaw.
1 Schr Bendor Bron, Wetzel. 4 days from
81u»law.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 50 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, 10 hours from Eureka.
Late Shipping' Intelligence.
*.£*?,• M J lls & Co - Owners) with James A.
McCullou^h.i (contractor ; and architect)— All
work jfor ¦ a one-story .frame building (two
Htores and of fleet on -lot on NW corner of
J,w r l« enth '' atld: Dolores streets, W »4:2 2-5,'
S "16 5« tO &E Une Ot Market> NE U7 >
Carl T. Granz (owner) with John A. Hoots
(contractor)., _, architect — All work for a
three-story and basement frame building (three
flats) on lot on W line of FIlBnore street, 112:6
N of Hayes, N 25 by W 100: $8500.' -
• . Pacific Union Club (owners) with" John G.
Us rcontractor). architects Reid Bros.— Install
a kitchen outfit in building In course of erec
tion on lot on NE corner of Post and Stock-
w n «^ t . r »o t i^ N 12 ° by E 10 °. s M . W. 20. S 70,
Mary L. DownA- (owner) with Erik Boes
(contractor), plans by owner— All work for a
three-story frame build In? on lot on W line of
Fillmore street. 100 N of Oak, N 25 by W 100;
5 1 tizs.
Mutual Klectrlc Light Company 'owners)
with City Street Improvement Company (con
tractors), engineer A. E. Roe— All work except
covering for roof for a one-story and basement
brick power-house on lot on NE corner of Fol
sorri and Spear streets, 137 :6 on Spear by 89 on
Folsom; ?33,915.
Bertha Krog;pr to Charles Fritz, lot on NW
line of Mission street, 45 SW of Valencia. SW
25 by NW 100; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Jan>}
I-auder. lot In cemetery: *1"5.
Masonic Cemetery Association to Margaret
Louderback. same; $225.
Builders' Contracts.
I^ouise and W. M. Steven to Bernhard Getz
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue, 225 3 of O
street, 8 25 by E 120; ?10.
Augusta M. Taylor to Clara T. Clark, lot on
L. line -of Twenty-ninth avenue. 25 N of J
Ktrect. N 75 by E 100, block 517, Bay View;
also lot on NE corner of Lisbon and Russia
streets, N 150 by E 100, block 27, Excelsior
Homestead: also lot on^E line of Lisbon street,
ir>o N of Russia. N 150 by E 100, block 27,
*ame: also lot on E line of Twentieth avenue,
'-' i » J , N , of c street. N 25 by E J20, quitclaim
deed; S10. .'
So-» et> 8 W 1S3.54, NW 25.03. E 134.80;
RAILROAD LOSES BOX.— A box of house
hold goods valued at $305 40. Including a seal
skin sacque worth $220, is the basis of a suit
begun yesterday by J. Klein against the Santa
Ke Railroad Company. He declares that he
gave the box into the keeping of the railroad
company at Pueblo, Colo., for delivery at San
Francisco, but the box has been lost.
DAUGHTER NEEDS GUARDIAN.— The
wiy of Edward Arendt was filed yesterday. It
leaves the . whole of the $12,500 estate to be
divided between the two daughters. Clara A.
Zimmerman of Monterey and Caroline Arendt
of thla city. The will declares that Clara
Arendt Is "weak and narrow-mnlded, caused
by fevers In childhood, and Incompetent to
care for her estate," therefore It names her
sister as her guardian. ..-«.„
CHINESE INSPECTOR TRANSFERRED. — j
"Ward E. Thompson, Chinese Inspector sta-'
tloned at this- port, has been transferred to*
Chicago. Inspector J. Clendennon ot Laredo,
Texas, has been ordered here to take his place.
TEN-TEAR- OLD BOY MISSING.— Jacob
casdin of 1003 Howard street has reported the
disappearance of his 10- year-old son. Meyer.
The lad left home on Wednesday and Casdln
accuses him of stealing $60 which had been
placed In a bureau drawer. Meyer is said to
nave decamped in company with a companion
two years his senior.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
James F. Young, charged with felony
embezzlement, arrived last night from
New York in charge of Detective Bai
ley. Young conducted a swindling
scheme' in the Starr King building and
fleeced Sarah E. Johnson out of $500.
There were twenty-eight other victims
who had invested to the amount of
$SOOO. Mrs. Johnson is the complain
ing witness. ;
Arcused of Embezzlement.
City and County of San Francisco to George
M. Perlnc. lot on SW corner of Chestnut and
Lerkln etreets, W 137:0 by S 137:6; | .
Albert and Charlotta Wilford to Israel Fried
man, lot on N line of Green street, 125 E of
LaEuna. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
•Thomas F. Bell to M. C. Boyd, undivided
w U , Of « lot °, n N , IIne of Sutter 8 treet, "7:6
J^ ° f Octavia. W_ 77:0 N -137:0. E - 40, N
i.»i :o. E 37:6, S 2iu; $10
Samuel M.. Ilelene. Theodore and Minna
Conn to Julius Gollober. lot on N line of Clay
street. 240 E of Fill more. E 2:6 by N 127:SVi;
Bernard F., James J. and Patrick J. Brady
and Mary E. FInney (Brady), wife of George
w., to Clarence and Sarah N. Coogan lot on
N line of Ellis street, ti2:6 E of Broderick E
CO by N 112:6; $10. '
Ann Keyes to Margaret Campbell, lot on
N line of Grove etreet, 131:3 E of Central
avenue. E 25 by N 137:6: $10.
George S. and Mary E. Mackinnon to Horace
V. Scott. lot on S line of Waller street 107 :«
\V of Central avenue, VV 25 by S 126- $10
William C. and Carrie W. Wtssell (Glascr)
to George H. Knorp, lot on W line of Pierce
street, 235 S of Waller. S 25 by W 05 lot 18
block 3. Marlon Tract; $10. '
John F. and Mary A.' Gelb' to Joseph Stocker
lot on E line of Treat avenue, 95 S of Twen
tieth street. S 25 by E 122 :G; $10.
Germanla Trust Company (now Central
Trust Company) to Max and Beckle Grose, lot
on W line of Jessie street. 160 N of Nine
teenth. N 25 by W SO; $2700.
Estate of Ella F. M. Redding (by A. P.
Redding, executor) to John T. and Thomas
Quigley. lot on SE corner of Reservoir and
Church streets. E 90 S 70:10%. SW 5S:4?i. W
45:8%, N 113:8%; $7412.
August and Alinde Waldenmeler to James J.
Rooney, lot on NE corner of Twenty-third and
Bryant streets, E 50 by N 90; $10.
Charles* and Louisa Johnson to Paul Perlch,
lot on E line ol Treat avenue, 104 N of Twen
ty-fourth etreet, N 52 by K 122:6; $10.
Michael and Margaret Keleher or Kcllchcr
to William P. Caubu, lot on W line of Guer
rero street, 213:6 S of Twenty-second, S 30:8
by W 117:6; $10.
Tomaso and Mary Dematel to Giovanni Go
telll and F. Dcnerl, lot on S line of Vallejo
street. 68:9 E of Kearny, E 68:9 by S 137:6;
$10.
Richard A. and Mollie Coetello to John Cos
tello. undivided third of lot on W line of Presu
cott street. 57:8 S of Vallejo, S 20 by W 57:6
$10.-. ;.
Same to Louis Costello, undivided third of
same; $10.
Mary K. Bdrke and Emetine M. Talbot lo
John C. Burr, lot en N boundary line of r>0
vara 162 — Dl:8 W of Powell street, W 45:10
by S 43:1; $10.
• Theresa Heron to Eugenia T. and Theodora
T. Larsen. lot on E line of Larkln street. 62-8
N of Pine. N 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Thomas Magee Jr. and listelle W. H. Magee
to Edgar F. Preston, lot on SE line of Mission
street; 70 SW of Fourth. SW 40, SB HO SW 20-
SE 80, NE 3, NW S0..NE 30, NW SO; S10. 5 '
Alexander J: Kosta to Greek Church of the
Holy Trinity; lot on NE lino of Seventh street
25 SE of Cleveland, SE 60 by NE 75; $0000.
J. O. Christie to Victor. H. Samson lot on
NW line of Boyd street, 100 SW-of Che»ley and
295 NE of. Eighth. S.W 20 by NW CO; $25
Victor H.-, Galusha L. and Celestus D. Sam
son to Marie Lada (wife of B.), same; $10
Mohn L. Brown to Marie Lada, aauie uult
c.'alm deed: $1.
John and Henry Knust to same, same, oult
clalm deed; $5.
James N. Symon to Grace Symon, lot on W
line of Mississippi street. 100 S of Santa Clara
S 75, W 100. S B0..W40. NE to point 100 S
of Santa Clara,. E S3; gift. ' *
Robert and Maud Boyd to Hattle N. Rood
lot on W line of Twelfth avenue,' 100 N of
California Ftrcft, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Estate of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rltt, executrix) to Catherine Black, lot on W
line of Forty-eighth avenue, • SS7:tf a of O
FRIDAY. JULT 22.
REAL, ESTATK TRANSACTIONS.
F. L-. Baker, living at 72 Ninth street
.last night caused the arrest of his
young wife who he said was insane.
The husband declared that his wife at
tempted to commit suicide during the
afternoon by swallowing carbolic acid
but was prevented by him. The woman
Is 22 years of age and married Baker
only a month ago. She made a strong
resistance against the officers sent to
arrest her and said her husband was
trying to railroad her to an insane asy
lum. Grief o^ver the death of her
mother a year ago is supposed to have
affected the young woman's mind.
Says Wife Is Insane.
RECOVERS STUDENT'S TRUNK.— A trunk
belonging to Claude Raser. a medical student,
living at m J2S Halght street, which Aad been
missing for two months, has been recovered
by Detective Anthcny. and is now in the pos
session of the property clerk. It was found
on the sidewalk near the depot at Third and
Townsend streets, where It had b--en left by
an exDressman. It bore the initials "W. R
L." It had been lying at the depot since it
was found and a few days ago the Southern
Pacific officials communicated with the po
lice and asked them to locate the owner ir
possible. .:.; -'
FRIDAY, July 22—2 p. m. j
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.i Bid. Ack.
it qr coup. .106 lOfitills «jr cp new.U2»il.<3>j
4s qr reg...lOG>;i06*;ns qr coup... — 106'.i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co 6S.117U —
Bay CPC 5s.lO3 — I V>o 5s 110 '
Cal C G 5s.lO3>; — | Do con 5s. — 104'i 1
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 72U
m & ct 5s. 81*i $5 !Om Cable 6s.l22 124'i
Cal-st C 6s. — 115>j|Pac G 1m 4s. 03'A —
C C Wat 5*. — 100 IP E Ry 5s..lO4V« —
EdLJt P 6s.l24' 4 — IP fr C II 6S.103 —
F & C II Ke.114 — |P & O R 6s.ll2'.£ —
Geary-st 5s.. — SO IPowell-st «g. — ' 114
II CAS 5»is.lOO — ISac EG&R5s. t»7'4 flS'i
Do 5s »9l4 — I^F & BJVfia.miSlUU
Hon R T fis.l06*.107 j Sierra R Gs.. — 115
L A Elcc 5s. — — Is P of A 6s
L A Ry 3E..115 — | (1909) — _
L A L Co 6s — — ! (1910) ..*.. .107U10«i;
Do gtd 6s. — — |S }' of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 105 <l»05)Sr A.1<V? 1O3>4
LAP lcm 56.101 1; — <1005>Sr B.104
Mkt-st C «s.H3«4 — (lOOfi) 105 —
Do Jem 5s.lI5 — (1912) 115a: —
MVA MtTSs.lOHi — !SPC 1 eg 5a.llO
NRR of C6s.l04*U05U! Do »tmpd..10«% —
Do 5s ....117% — IS V B R 6s.l3Uil32'4
N P C R 5s. — 105% rS V Wat fis.lO5Ti —
N C Ry 5a.. — 112 I Do 4s 2dm. 99>4 —
N C P C f*. — 100 I Do 4s 3dm. B9 —
NSURk — 101 I Do g mtg:4s 97>4 —
O G L&H 5s.lO7 108 |f?tkn G&Efia. 92% 95
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |U G & E 5s. — 106
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 40 I Port Costaf. . — —
Marln Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 37 C7V»
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3\t 4 S F G & E. 60% 61 '
Mutual E U 13 13H Stkn G & B. — 7H
Fac L Co... BS',4 — U G & E Co. — " —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
. BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..ll5 130 |L P & A.... — 135
Anglo-Cal .. S5«i 87 iMer Trust... .205 _
Bank of Cal.420 427&I Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — I «••>•:
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 i Sav &. L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — Z'j$
Mutual Sav. 100 105 lUnlonTCo..— —
S F Sav U.600 C50 |
ETREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio —
Geary — — j
POWDER. .
Giant 60«i 61%! VJuorlt ....."— •
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c Kilauea S C. — ¦" 4 ' ¦
Hawaiian C. 61«i 62Vi Makawcll C. 23 °4
Honokaa S C — 1214 Onomca S C 24 U "7*4
Hutch S P C 8 8'ilPaauhau S C. 13 13U
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 134 lOceanic S Co — 4 14
Ca| JT., C A. — — |Pac Aux FA. 4« m2
2$*%£i5 - i Pac c U0TX - ~ 165
Morning Session.
Board—
f«0 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6" 00
210 S F Gas & Electric CO 75
170 Spring Valley Water Co 37 00
SI.00O Cal G & E G M & C T 5s. cash. 84 75
J1.000 Honolulu R T & L. Co 6s.. 106 50
$1,000 S P of Arizona (190!)). cash.. 106 75
$1,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 105 S74
Afternoon Srssion,
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 133 25
SO S F Gas & Electric W 75
$62,00') Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 104 50
Street —
35 Alaska Packers' Association 134 0<>
$7,000 Kpring Valley 4s (2d mtBC) 99 25
SM.OOO Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge).... 99 00
ISO, 000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 105 00
Unlisted Securities.
I
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. A«k.| Bid. A*k.
Bay CPC 0s. — 99 IHF & NP T>s — I0:»«i
n L Wat 6s. — 117 IS P C R-4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. 110 llSHlS P Co 4Vj«.100 —
M C Wat Rs.100 — I Sun Tel 5s.. — 104
Rig I Wks 5s — 105 ISutter-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk .'»¦. — ll.S'/alUR of SF U. 83»4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25V4 — I Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — 90 | Nev Nat Bk.20O 210
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN S R R Co. 9'i
Cal G&ECor. 47 M | N Cal P Co. — 10'i
C Jockey Cl. — 125 I Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal PowJer. — 145 |Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 | IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cal T I &. T.115 — lOrpheum Co. — 16
On Bk. Oak — 6.1 ll^acC Can Co. 130 —
Chutes Co .. 6iA 7 I Pac S Tel...lO! «il(KJ
City & C Bk — 120 |Pac Sur Co. 105
Cyp L Imp.. 7 — (F'aiaf Paint. 38 —
East Dynm.J — 270 |s f Drydock 60
DpntPwd pfd — 90 fjF&SJ Coal. — 25
Do com .. — SO IS J Wat Co. — 100
FX Bk. Or.k.120 — ISO &MT«tbt.l25 —
Fischer Thtr 55c — . I Swiss- A Bk..lI5"
Fruch-A Bit. — 110 | Truck Elect.. 11 —
STOCK AND BON'D KXCHANGE.
Gas Con A . . — 22 I DR InC pfd. 48% —
Hono V Co.. 10 14 | Do com .....914
Lon& SF Bk — 60 I
Morning Session.
Board —
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. S"J 00
$5.0C0 United R R of S F 4 per cent. S3 25
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
$•5,000 Unlttd R It of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock— Bid. Ask.
Alma 100
Apollo 40 .' . 46
Associated Trust Certificates. la i . 20
Aztec ¦ 65
California Standard 14
Caribou 3Tl) 4 2.1
Chicago Crude 15 •: • '¦ 20 ; :
Claremont " 70 .
Four : tH
Hanford ISO 00
Home ¦. 140
Imperial 16 00
Independence 26 . 27
Kern 4 , r K) 5 00
Kern River 11 0O
Monarch (of Arizona) 23 31
Monte Cristo 66
Occidental of W. Va 0« 10
Oil City Petroleum SO . 6<>
Peerless ' 14 0O
Reed Crude 1 50
Senator CO . ....
Sovereign 42
Sterling 1 . 2 50 2 70
Superior '. 05 ....
Thirty-Three .... R 25
Twenty-Eight 10 00
Wfst Shora 2 50
Associated Bonds 78 00 |
Wolverine 44 1
Miscellaneous— < '"'
California Jockey Cub 125 CO
Fischer's Theater 64 69
Northern California Power 10 25
Morning: Session.
50 Nome 1 40
5 Peerless 14 23 -
600 Independence 27
100 Fischer's 65
Afternoon Session.
250 Chicago Crude 15
800 Fischer's 65
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE..
Following were the sal<=s on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ...'¦ ' r J '., r |
400 Andes 22| 100 Mexican 91:
100 Caledonia 54 400 Mexican 82;
100 Caledonia 55! 100 Occidental ... S5
400 Chollar 19 ":.» Ophir 2 70 >
550 Con Cal & V.I 20| li<X> Savage 30 '
300 Con Cal & V.I 25 500 Sierra Nev ... 29
100 Crown Point.. 14 L'Oo Union Con ... 20
100 Gould & Cur. Ill
Afternoon Session.
300 Con Cal & V.I 20 200 Ophir 2 C5
200 Gould & Cur. 13 1C0 Savage 28
200 Mexican 00 10O Silver Hill ... 63 i
¦••"%?.•£
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. i
Following were the sales on the Pacific j
Stock Exchange yesterday: j
¦ Morning Session. !
SCO Con Cal & V.I 25 30o Potosi 19 i
250i> Con Imperial. 01 20(i Savage 2S
100 Justice 13 SO Savage 29
100 Justice 121 100 Sierra Nev ... 28
200 Mexican !»0| 200 Union Con ..'. 28 ]
000 Overman 14| 1<Xi Union Con ... 29
Afternoon Session. j
100 Gould & Cur. 141 500 Potcsl 19,
300 Gould & Cur. 13! 200 Savage 29
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wire the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Kxchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Goldfleld B&B 15| 500 Mont Ton ...2 60
COO Goldfield Ton 10J.>mh» Red Top 11 i
I0(k> Goldfleld Ton 11 2tXM> Red Top .... 12!
1<XX> Gold Mt Con. 02 10O<> Ked Top 13 '
500 MacNamara . 521 500 Rescue 10
100 Mont Ton ..2 40| 200 Ton Midway.. 49
Afternooi Session.
500 Brunswick ... 09 2500 Red Top 12
10C0 Columbia ... 28 10Ct> Red Top 13
1CG0 Goldfield B&B 15 luOO Ton Gold Mt. 16
10<»0 Goldfleld Ton 10| 200 Ton Gold Mt. 17
1OCO Goidflcld Ton HJUiOuTon Midway.. 49
COO MacNamara' . 52I1C00 Ton Midway.. 52
"40o Mai-Xamara . 51 j 200 Ton Midway.. 60
o« Mont Ton ...2 o5| *
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. July 22— t p.m.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Aek.'
Alpha 08 09| Justice 12 14 !
Alta 05 ?'KlKentuck 02 03
Andes 21 22 1 K. Gracssler. . — 1 20
Belcher IS 19iLady Wash .. — 06
Best &. Belch. "I 751 Mexican 92 fit
Bullion 10 18'Occldental S2 86
Caledonia 53 54 Ophir 2 6S 2 70
Challenge ... 19 22 Overman 13 14'
Chollar IS 19 Potosi 18 19;
Confidence ... 70 75 Scorpion 0!> 11 I
Con Cal & V.I 20 1 25 Savage 27 29'
Con Imperial. — 01 Scg Belcher... Ort OS >
Con K Y .... 03 04 Sierra Nev ... 27 29 !
Crown Point.. IS 15 Silver Hill .62 54 f
East Sierra N 03 06 St. Ix>uls .... — 08
Kureka Con.. — .V) Syndicate .... — 03-1
Exchequer ... 3R 39 Knion Con ... 27 29 1
Gould & Cur. 13 14 Utah 10 12'
Hale & Norc. 65 72 Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia 05 07|
TONOPAH MINES.
* Bid.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
C#rhan — 05| Rescue 09 11.
Columbia — 271 Ton Belmont.. 73 — I
Ksperanza ... 02 ortlTon & Cal 13 16'
Gold Anchor. — 2»| Ton Cash Boy. 12 — !
Goldfield B&B 14 15tTon Exten .. — 1 05 !
Goldfleld Ton 10 — (Ton Fraction. 25 —
Gold Mt Con. 01 021 Ton & Gt W. ffl
UUte Ton .. — 65|Ton Gold Mt. 17' —
Lu/ky Tom.. — O.1|Ton Midway.. 50 51
MacNamara . 49 WilTon of Nev...S 12>i
Mlzpah Exten — 25|Ton N Star... :;o" 32
Mont Ton ... — 2 451 Ton & S Lake 50 —
N T Ton Kt — |Ton Superior.. — 06
Paymaster .. 03 04 1 Ton Union ..10
Pine Grove.. 50 — United Ton ... — 03
Ray Exten .. 08 — | Utopia 10 —
Ray & O'Brien OS 121 West End ... 20 °5
Red Top 12 i;ij
Oakland Man Is Accidentally Shot
WILLOWS, July 22.— A party of
young men from Oakland have been
sojourning at Black Butte, in the moun
tains northwest of Willows. Among
them was Ray Baxter, an Oakland
cigar merchant. He was wounded sev
eral days ago while playfully endeavor
ing to take a rifle of small caliber from
one of the party. During the struggle
the rifle was discharged and the bullet
entered Baxter's back near the spine.
His .companions hurried him to Elk
Creek, where physicians removed the
ball.
The California State Board of Trade
has perfected arrangements for the ex
cursion to the Big Basin in Santa Cruz
County. The excursionists will leave
San Francisco on Friday afternoon,
August 12. on the 3:15 boat, taking a
special traiiu at Alameda mole for
Boulder Creek, where they will take
dinner. After dinner speeches will be
made in the Town Hall at Boulder
Creek by Governor Pardee, General N.
P. Chipman, William H. Mills, John P.
Irish and some of the citizens of Santa
Cruz* County. At 10:45 p. m. the ex
cursion party will leave Boulder Creek
by special train for Ben Lomond,
where the night will be spent and
where breakfast will be served the fol
lowing morning. After breakfast the
guests will take the train back to
Boulder Creek and will then leave by
carriages and stage for the Basin, ar
riving there about 10 a. m. This will
enable them to look around the park
considerably b'efore the bull's head
breakfast is served.
The citizens of Boulder Creek who
are getting up this breakfast are mak
ing special effort. . After *the breakfast
impromptu speeches will be made by
various 'members of. the party and by
some of the citizens of Santa Cruz.
The company will then be driven back
to Boulder Creek, reaching there at
5:45 p. m., when dinner will be served.
The excursionists will then take their
special train to Santa Cruz, reaching
that citv at S o'clock p. m., and will
be given a reception at the Casino.
Speeches will be made In the evening.
The night will be spent at the tented
city and Sunday forenoon will be de
voted to visiting and a general good
time. The train will leave Santa Cruz
at 1:30 p. m. and is due at San Fran
cisco at 5:25 p. m.
While this excursion will be j one of
education it will also be a pleasure trip
from the time of leaving San Fran
cisco until the excursionists return.
Secretary L. r M. Fletcher of the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade^will be in
charge of the train.
Arrangements for Trip to Park In
the Big Basin, Santa Cruz
County, Are Perfected.
STATE BOARD OF, TRADE
MAKES EXCURSION PLANS
BUTTE, Mont., July 22. — With a
right hook to the jaw in the fifth
round, Jimmy Gardner of Lowell
Mass., to-night gave Willie Fitzgerald
his quietus, his seconds throwing up
the sponge after their man had been
knocked down vfour times In two
rounds, and he was taking the count
for the full number. Fitzgerald was
helpless and, to save his man from
further punishment, Harry Pollok
threw up the sponge.
Fitzgerald was outclassed to-night in
al! stages of the fight, and though he
displayed great cleverness, he was no
match for the Lowell lad, who went at
him hammer and tongs, simply beating
his man down. Gardner's work to
night was a pretty exhibition, his
agility in evading the vicious rushes
and jabs of Fitzgerald eliciting much
applause.
' The men fought at catch weights
Gardner entering the ring about 140,
while Fitzgerald weighed about 138.
Tap of Gong and Gradually
Wears Him Down.
Lowell Lad Rushes Opponent From
GARDNER LAYS FITZGERALD
LOW IN THE FIFTH ROUND
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Paraffine Paint Company the
following directors were elected: Robert S
Moore. Samuel C. Irving. James S. Moody,
R. S. Shainwald. Charles E. Green. A. F.
Morrison and L. Schwabacher. Robert S.
Moore was elected president, Samuel C. Irving
first vice president and general manager. James
S. Moody «econd vice president and II. S.
Shainwald secretary and treasurer. Regular
quarterly dividends of 50c per share each are
paid by the reorganized company, the last one
having been declared ln June.
About the only change worthy of remark
• f. s . tc »- ay TVas a deollne ln Alaska Packers to
9153 ~o. Gas and Electric sold up to 560 7&.
All kinds of stocks were quiet.
The Hanford Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 12 per shaie, payable July 26.
The Boston and Montana Cojiper Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend Of
S2 per share and an extra dividend of S3 per
share. • - ,
The Market Dull, With a $2 Divi
dend by Han ford Oil.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 22.— Ely E. Weare,
formerly president of the : North
American Transportation and Trading
Company and connected with various
grain and other interests, died to-day
at his home in Morton Park of cancer
after an illness of six months.
W f ell Known Grain Dealer Dies.
OTTAWA, Ontario, July 22.—Arch
bishop Rlordan of San Francisco is
the guest of his Grace the Archbishop
of Ottawa. He arrived to-day and is
traveling for the benefit of his health.
He will visit the Parliament buildings
and be entertained while here. On
Monday he is likely to proceed to To
ronto, where he will be the special
guest of celebrated church dignitaries.
He has improved considerably since
leaving San Francisco.
Will See Various Places of
Interest In Canada.
His Grace While Benefiting Ills Health
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAX
VISITING IX OTTAWA
OREGON.
•Wool, bales : 31 ¦
WASHINGTON'.
Flour. <jr sks... 2.000;
FOR FRIDAT. JULT 22.
Flour, <jr sks... 2.723! Woo] bales SO
"Wheat, ctls R.4S5! Shorts, eks 60
Barley, ctls .*.'.". .12.918 Feed sks 6
Oats, ctls 1.3S4J Hides. No 7SS
Corn, ctls 25' Pelts. Xo 100
Rye. ctls 02.H leather, rolls ...' 60
Beaiis, sks 4r9; Tallow, ctls 2**6
Potatoes, sks ... l.CRsj L.!me, bbls fi-v?
Onions, sks 253 Wine, gals 62 0^3
Bran. Eks 412| Quicksilver, flsks. ' (50
Middlings, sks .. M'l'owdcr, car .... l
Hay. tons 1.03&J Sugar, ctls too
Receipts of Produce.
GILROY, July 22.— Matthew Len
non, one of the oldest pioneers of Gll
roy, died yesterday at his home in this
city, aged 83 years. Lennon was a na
tive of England and a remarkably ac
tive man for his age. He was a devout
member of St. Stephen's Episcopal
Church and the founder of the parish.
He leaves a wife and five grown chil
dren.
Gilroy Pioneer Called by Death.
Golden C. 6.20c; "D." 5.10c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; RO-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 6.30c; boxes. ti.55c; H. & E. Costal
pominos. S.SOc per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Fiorenza Cavagnaro, who died in
Genoa, Italy, July 20, was a well-known
merchant here, where he had been en
gaged in the wholesale wine and liquor
business for nearly twenty-five years.
Early last spring his health began to/i
fail and in April he went to Italy to
seek medical advice there. The body J
will be brought here for interment. He
leaves a' widow and two daughters, j
Christina and Fiorenzina, all of whom j
are in this city. Mr. Cavagnaro was a j
prominent Mason and was well known
throughout the State.
F. Cavagnaro Dies Abroad.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The State
Department has received a report from
Consul General Goodnow, at Shanghai,
announcing that the two well known
"supao" Chinamen, arrested by the
Chinese authorities at Shanghai sev
eral months ago for publishing sedi
tious newspapers, were sentenced May
21 to two and three years' Imprison
ment. They were immediately incar
cerated In the municipal jail and on
the expiration of their terms both will
be banished from the foreign settle
ments In China.
When the Chinese Government pro
posed to summarily execute the pris
oners the foreign element in Shanghai
protested in a body and finally secured
the removal of the prosecution to the
mixed court. The British Minister
agreed to the final sentence.
From Death.
Mongols Who Published Seditious
Newspapers Have Narrow Escape
"SUPAO" CHINAMEN" ARE
SENTENCED TO PRISON
LONDON, July 22. — Wilson Bar
rett, the actor, died this morning. He
underwent an operation for cancer on
July 20 and the doctors thereafter
said that after a few weeks' rest Bar
rett would be all right and able to
carry out his intention of producing
a new play in September.
Barrett died at a nursing home in
London. His death is attributed to
heart failure.
Actor Succumbs to the Effects of an
Operation for Cancer.
DEATH OP WILSON BARRETT.
MARYSVILLE, July 22. — Mrs. D. A.
Ostrom, wife of former Senator D. A.
Ostrom, died suddenly to-night at
Campbell Hot Springs. The body will
be. brought here for interment. De
ceased was 65 years of age, a pioneer
resident of Yuba County and one f of
the best known women In Northern
California. A husband and eight chil
dren survive herv
In the club handicap race the regatta
committee endeavors to allot such
handicaps as will put the boats on an
equality, giving all of them a good
chance. Many prizes are offered for the
event. The preparatory gun will be
flred at 11:55. a. m. and skippers will
take their time from this gun. The re
gatta committee will place on the porch
of the clubhouse a clock by which each
captain may set his watch.
The starting line will be an imasrin
ary line between Belvedere Point and a
stakeboat anchored off the point. The
yachts will start under way- and will
sail to and round Goat Island Shoal
Buoy; then to and round Presidio Shoal
Buoy, leaving both marks on the star
board hand/ thence to the finish across
the starting line. The yachts will start
at the following times: Sloop Vixen. 12
noon; yawl Kittiwake, 12:02 p. m.; sloop
Phoenicia, 12: OS; sloop Josie. 12:12; sloop
Belle, 12:14; sjoop May, 12:16; slpop
Merope, 12:17; sloop Neptune, 12:18;
sloop Freda, 12:19; sloop Genesta. 12:20;
sloop Ruby, 12:23; sloop Discovery,
12:24; sloops Neva and Sans Souci.
12:25; sloop Amigb^2:27; sloops Mignon
and Thelma, 12:C9; sloops Aeolus and
Mischief and Yawl Aloha. 12:32: sloops
Meteor- and Emma, 12:33; sloop Edna.
12:34; sloops Presto and Speedwell,
12:38; sloop Harpoon, 12:40. It is ex
pected that other yachts than those
named will enter.
The schooner Challenge, under char
ter to H. H. Jenness, vice commodore
of the Sa,n Francisco Yacht Club, start
ed last Saturday on a cruise uo the
Sacramento River, having on board H.
G. Toll, the Gingg brothers and a
friend. She is expected to return to
her moorings at Sausallto to-morrow.
H. R, Slmpkins' yawl Tramontana,
in smart trim, is lying at her moor
ings off the Sausalito clubhouse and
will probably make a trip to Drakes
Bay shortly. • The new motor-boat Ro
gengco. built by the Rogers Engineer
ing Company, made a trip to San
Quentin last Sunday morninj*. The
water was smooth and fast time was
made.
To-morrow the annual handicap race
in cruising rig will be held by the
Corinthian Yacht Club. This event was
introduced two or three years ago and
excites much interest among the
yachtsmen. In the annual regatta of
the -club the yachts are divided into
classes and receive time allowances
according to their racing length. In
each class there are two or three boats
that can beat any other boats of their
length, so that, barring accidents, the
results can be foreseen with certainty.
Yachts in Cruising Rig Will Compete
in the Event Off Belvedere
To-Morrow.
DEATH COMES
SUDDENLY TO
MRS. OSTROM
ANNUAL. HANDICAP RACE
OF CORINTHIAN CLUB
BERLIN, July 22. — Arguments in
the trial of Socialists at Koenigsberg
for using Germany as a base for al
leged treasonal acts against the Rus
sian Government began to-day. The
State's Attorney dropped the charge
of lese majeste committed against the
Emperor of Russia because he said he
assumed the accused had not known
that some of the smuggled documents
contained the language which it was
proved In court they did contain, but
he maintained the charge of high
treason and membership in a secret
association, arguing that the high
treason charge must be upheld since
the Russian Embassador at Berlin ex
pressly pledged his word that Russia
practiced reciprocity with Germany In
prosecuting cases of high treason. The
State's Attorney, however, moved for
light sentences on the nine accused
men, ranging from one to six months'
imprisonment for secret association
and two to twelve months' detention
in a fortress for high treason.
State's Attorney Moves That the
Charge of Treason Against Czar
Be Droppcd-
IJGHT SENTENCES MAY
BE GIVEN SOCIALISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1904.
14
I RAILWAY TRAVEJL.
s<r~L§^ Tralni leste snd sr» dae
1 /vjr5>^\ to«rrU.»t
lff^^Si\SAN FRANCISCO.
X^^l^^^V/ Fxbbt DrroT
XJ3 13^ fToe-t of Market Street )
J.WAT* _ M_AJ_N_LINE. - a**"*
7 00a VncsTtlits. WtnMrs. Kumsey 7 53p
7.00 a Beiilrtn. lilmlra wl S»cr»m«-nto . 720*
7-30a Vallejo. N.«p.%. callstoK". Saot«
[tutu. Mn'rtlnex. San lljinon 8 ?C^
730a N ties. Tracy, L«taroi>, 3tocit:»n 7 20*
8X0A Shmta Rxpres« — (Vl» Dnv!s>.
Wliiums (for r.«rtlett Spring).
Willows, mmo. i:ed Klaff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7C0»
8.00A DitTis.Wooitlnnd. Katsht* Lnnill:i!j.
MarysTtUe. Cairo, orovllln : 7-50»»
8-38A Port Costa. Martinez. Aotfocb.
Byron. Truer, Stockton. New-
man. Los !'.*B'W, Uendotv
Armona. ll.iaf.ir-l. VI sal I sv
PorterTllle ... 4.20>
8-SCA I'l.rt C'i5:a. Modesto, Mnrffl
Fresoo. Uosaen Jnnctfon, Il.in-
forti. Vl«»lli». r.akpr»i!eld 4.53^
f ICa Nile*. San Jos*. Llrermon-. Su**-
lon. (?Milton), lone, dacr»mt!Dti>.
MarysTlIle. Cblco. Beii llluft 4 2O
8JCA Osktiaie. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tnolnmne and Ansel* 4-20?
BiH?A Atlantic Exprrs*-Ogilcn an.l Fn^s. 5 23«»
93Ca Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 8 5Cp
10 -CO A The Overland Limited — <>ft<let».
Omaba. Chicago. Dearer, Kaa:ss
C!(y, St. L«n!s 820t»
10.00a Tallejo 12.20*
10.00a Los Angrele* Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byroa. Tracy.
Lstnrop. Stockton. Merced,
1 Kaymond. Fresno, Goshen Jnao-
tfon, Hae'ord, Lemoore. Vlaalla.
BakersfleJ*. Lcs Angles 7.20»
12.00m Bayward. JJIIes an<« Way SutJoas. 3.20»»
11.0CPSacrsraento Hirer Steamers tii.Q-Jp
SW Bsntcla, nintern. 8»«ramento.
Woodland, Willows. KBlgtlts
LsmllDtr. MarysTlIle. OroTilla
sad wsy sutleas '3??*
« JIQp Dayward, 511rs and V7«r Stations.. 7 50»
4-€CPMart!ncz.SaBRamon.'VaUeJ<»,I!apa,
Caristoja. Sauta Ruaa. * 23*
4X0p ITIles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 1 *
4 J0»» Hayward. Nlles. Irrlaetaa, 9an» t».50A
Jose. Ltvermora 1 M1.S3A
BCOpThe Owl Limited— Hewman, Los
Banos. Meodura. Frwao. Talsxs,
Bakersfleld. Los Aaieles 8 50a
tS.38p Bayward. N'llrs aad San Jo«o 7 20*
SJ]0p Hay ward. Klles aad San Jose 950a
COOpEastera Express— Opieu. Omaba,
Clllcairo. Deafer. Kaasas C!ty,
8t. Louis. 1I1 Martinez. Stockton.
Saerameata. Colfui. Reno 12.50*
B.CQp Vsllejo, dally, except daaday.... I 7 cn B
700P Vallejo. Sunday oaly f '"• u^
7J0C KJchmoad. San Pablo. Part Costa.
Marlines and Way Statioas 1123a
7-OOp Reno Passenger— Port Costa, But-
ran. Elnlra, Darls. SacrsnieBta,
Trnckee, Lake Tanoe, Beao,
Tonopah, Spares 7-MA
tC5P Port Costa, Marttaez. Byroa.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno aad
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-2O
8-OSp Tosemlte Valley, tIi Berenda and
WawoBa 860a
8415p Martinez. Tracy, StoeJcton 10 20a
8435p Ore«on * California Express— 8ae>
ramento. Marysrllle. Reddlsg.
Portland, Pufet Sound tnd East. 8.53*
B.IOp Hayward, Nflea aad San Joss (Snn-
dayonly) 11.60a
COAST LINE (Harrow Uaase).
(ifuot of Martret Street.)
745a SanuCrazEzcursfoD<dandayon!7) 8-10»
8-1&A Newark. CeucerTlllc. San Jose,
Feltoa, Boulder Creek. BtgBasia,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. .. 5 o5»
I9-15A Al»arado. Newark. San Joae. Lo«
Oatos.Olenwood. Felton, noalder
Creek. B'ft ra*tn. Santa Cruz S 10*
12-1 5p Newark, CentcrTllie. Saa Joa<%
New Almatien. l.o» Cau>s.Feltoo,
Boa!der Creek, Santa Cruz ami
Principal Way Stations 1055*
4.16p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8-S5.\
4.15p Wright, Boulder Creek and Santa
¦ Cruz. Saturday anil Snnday only. >855a
COAST LINE <Kr«»i u«ti.
I tsY~ (Third ami fowninud 9tr«ec».)
B.10A Pan Jose and Way Station* 6-3 1»
I t7. 00a San Jose and Way Stations 5 43p
7.15a Monterey and SantA Cruz Excur-
; sloa (Sunday only) 13.32f»
: 8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Fr!d.. only). 4-1Q*
8 C0a T1i« Cvaster— Sao Jone, Salinas.
Snn Ar'Jo. Paso Roblrs. Snr.ta
M.iryirlrm. 9»n Lnf» Ohl»p".Santa
Barbara. >»n Buenaventura,
MontJiiro. Ornard, Burhank. Los
Angeles 104S»
8 00a Gilroy. llolllster. Ca»trov::!e. Del
Monte, Pacific Grorc, Surf, Lom-
poc 1043»
8.00a Ban Jose. Tras PtB«a.WatsonTl!lp.
Capitola. Santa Cruz. PwlCe
GroTe. Saliaas. San L«ts OMspo
; and Principa; Wsy Station*. ... 4-10P
1 10.30a Ssn Jose aad Way Stations 1.23?
1 113CASant» Clara, San Jote. Los Gatos
aad Way btatloo 7.30p
UCp Ssn Jose and Way Stations 8 33a
i flGCpDrl Itoote Kxprcss (except Saa-
<1hv> — Santa Clara. San Jonn.
WataonvJSIe. >v.tn Craz. Del
Monte. Monterey, f aelflc GroTe. |12-15s>
S-SOpBurMngaaie. S»n Jof. Gilroy. IIol-
!!st?r, Tres Plnoa.PaJaro.Watoon-
t!!;c. C*?1to!a. S nua Crux, Cas-
trovlHe, Salinas. Paclflc GroTe... 1f1 4S*
4-30p Pan Jo«e anJ Way Stat*ons '8 0C*
to OOP Santa Clara. Suu Jose, Los tiatos.
Wrljht and principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sanday> t9 C3a
15-30= 6anJoseamlPrIuclr>alvrayStat1ona 50 4J*
• 430 benvt Express.— He<I wool. Sun
Jose,Gt!ror.^a!!nus,Pnso Cobles.
Ssn Lais OMspo, Santa lUrt'ara.
Los Ant;e)es, Peniln^. Kl Paso,
Sew Crlesn*. N>» Tor* ;.. 7.10*
6-45P P»Jaro, WatsoBrllle. Csp!u>la. I . ,„ __
Santa Cruz. Castro-rUle, De:-rl2*?*
t Monte, Paclflc <jro»e \ T10-45P
tS-1SP
Carlo*. Uedwood. Fair Oaks,
MesloPark. Palo Alt* 16.4 »*
6 30p 6*o Jooe scd TTsy Statioos. 6.33^
8-OOp Pslo Alto aad Way Stations 10.15a
11 .30p £uu:h$au Francisco. MU'.brse. Bur-
lin^ame, Ssn Mateo. Belmont,
Ssn Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo Part, nad Palo Alto 8.45*
ill 30p MayUeld. Moaataln Vtew. Svacy-
itle, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
an Jone t3-43*»
A ior Morning. P for AfMraoos,
1 Snadav sxcepted t Sanslsy onlr
t. Saturday only. b Moadsy o«t».
JLbiMsm st all stattoat »a Bqndaj,
CAIIFOKNUNORTHWESTERNTIY. CO.
.LESSEE
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
eaiiwat coMPAxnr.
Tiouron Perry, root ot Market Street.
SAzr rx&Aircisco to saw batasj^.
WEEK 1>AYS — «:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:10. 8:10. 3:80. 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SVXDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:M|.
2:30 3:40 5:10. «:3O 11:30 p. ra.
SA2T SAFAIL TO SAN 7SA2TCXSCO.
WKEK DAYS — «:O5. 6:50. 7:35. 7 :5O. »:2O.
11:15 a. a.; 12:50. T2:0O. 3:40. &:00. i.Zn.
tt :25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 8:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. ra.
tEscept Saturdays. "
E^ave | In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 1904. | Ban Fran.
Week I Sun- 1 Destlna- I Sun- I W«e*
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. I Days.
7:30a 7:43a 7:43a,
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40*
8:00 a »:30 a Irnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 »
2:30 p 2:30 p « 00 p 6:20 i>
5:10 p 5:10 p «:|<>p 7.23 p
' 8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a — — — | 7:45a 7:«*
SCO a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a retaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
610 p 2:.°»0p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p|
7-30 a 7:3Oa " 110:20 a 10:2n »
8:COa 8:0Oa Fulton. |7:2Sp «:2O t>
2:SOp 2:30 P 1 8:45 p 7:25 p
TVlndsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg 1 . 10:20 a 10:20 »
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:3Oa| 7:3Os| Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Cklah. | 7:25 pi 7:25 9
j I Wllllt^ j f
7:30 a| 7:30 s|^ Sherwood. | 7:25 p[ 7:23 n>
"(»:C07rS:C0a Guernevllle and 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p( 1^20 P
"8:COa sToo a | 8:40 aV^i : »O*
5:10 p »:.°.Oaj Sonoma. 6:00 pi 6:20 p>
5:10 p| Glen Ellen. 8:43 pi
7:3Oal 7:30 al ~~jl0:2O a|10:2t> »
2:30 p{ 2:30 p| Sebastopoi. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Fanta Rosia for Wh!t»
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke' s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservtlle for Skagxs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vlUe and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprlnirs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlet:
Sprirg3; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring*. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a. Bucknell'a,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Half-way House. Comptc-he. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brass.
Wfcsti>©rt. Csal; at Willits for Fort Brag«.
Westpcrt. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olser.i.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trtp tickets to all points
beyonrt San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. «30 Market street. Chronlcls
budding.
JAS. L. FRAZTJER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
WesHy GaiTl.00 nerYear
ftAJ^T^YJETtAVEIi.
a CAL I FOR N I A \
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO
1 LEAVES HOIDATS and THUSS34T5
MB at f)::»O a. in., through In 3 days,
El with dt&er aad all trapping*!. £j5
Other Santa Fe Trains:
oi^O *• m l for stockton - Fresno. Bakersfleld.
S:00 p! m. J Meil w d . Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Eroad-
way, Oakland, CaL 27 South First St.,
Ean Jose. ¦; ' ~.
pp^M^p] TOSANRAFAEL
Ml ROSS VALLEY,
¦'*S^ t S5r»'S^HSi i'l'LL VALLti»
CAZADERO, Etc.
ftig£j|-J§2J^£j£ii3iA' Via Sausallto Perrr.
SUBURBAN SERVICE.' STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days at
6:30. 7:10, 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:C0. ll:uo a,' m.
(11-40 a. m. Sausalito only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:13 !
4:00 4:35 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15, »:0O. io!:» !
11-35 P- ni. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. ¦ 11:00. H
» m i=:=O 1:0°. 1:45. -J:3O. 3:15. 4:00 4 -33.
1:1™ 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20." U^S
P Arrive at San Francisco, week days 6:17
700. 7:35. 8:15. 3:45. 9:^5. 10:20. H:05 - a m '
di05 1:23. =:50 3:35. 4:20. 5^05. 5:40 6:Tj:
6:65. 7:55.. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45 2 05
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3-15 p. m.. 6:15 pv m, (ex. Sat.). On Sundavi
and le K al holidays at 7:45 8:30. 9:15 io^wT
11:00 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:9). i :iSt »:Z0 7-lA
and 8:15 p. m. *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
0:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point ReyeY
etc
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc , ¦
5:15 p. m. dally except Saturday and Sna-
day— For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc.
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cazadero. etCL
TICKET OFFICB— 626 Market st
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Markat st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
U*T» Ta Siissliu Perry Arrive
8>n yraudico Vt*i >f H«rttt Si. Ssn Krandsco
Week San- -^hjb^ San- V\'cek
Days, tlayit. days. Days.
8:30a <^4^^A T2:*45T- 8.4a"i
J0:O0a V?§32s£*&7 2:05f*I1:05a
10:00a 11:00a 3:35 y 3:35 p
1:45 r 12:20 r 5:40 r 6:16 1
6:15 r 1:46 r >JSS3^ 6:15 p lO.OSf
°..~.ZT.'.. 4:35 r\ - 8:60 r
Mis CrtTitT far. Y TmmIssji U Mill fslity.
Tickkt J626 Market St. (North Hhore Railroad]
Orncii }and sausalito Fikbt, loot Market d<.
TYPEWRITERS AKO STXP?tIES^ _
AN re.f*jjtl'. nnlly good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
fcni:ih Premier, f-o; othfr typewriters at
! ICtJCT a:ni lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Tyrrv riier Exchange. KG California st.
SI'-'.I.'-NU f. Mild, rented, repaired.
\Y. -l.-trr Typewriting Insprc. Co.. 5C8 Market.
SI3SOI.TJTIOir OP PARTNERSHIP.
J. M. RICHARDS aad H. MULLER. hereto;
f</re conducting ¦ tailoring business at a0«
iUrkct «U rocm 21 S. under the firm name of
J. M. tUCHARUS & CO.. have thio uay
<TIiur.>i«y July 21. 1304) dtMoived partner-
iht? unjer»!?:n-d will net be responsible
f.n- any debts, bills or obligations <ontracteJ
by or on behalf cf raid firm of J. M. RICH-
AKL- * CO.. after date of <^'£{?» Ler^
STUTTERING ABTD STAlgMERIgrGr.
AT~ Melbourne "institute. Van Ness & Market.
!s taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne !n U. S.: private: established 3
ye*n in S- F. Tel. Mint 'M2C from 1 to 5 pm.
MAHKIAGK LICENSES.
The f3l!o»irc marriage licenses w«re Issued
je>-.icrJay: *
IL.ir—.- \n-.robus. 38. 930 Market street, and
lro,a liSeuer. 23. tCO Market street.
V. ';jiam <i Erkstfin. 21. -Mameda. and
Er.;:y.<'. Groepcr IS. Alameda.
Archibald A. Sutherland, 44. 51 1 Howard
etre-.;. end 5-he:na PgUnoa. 33, Oakland.
Uk-tl*eJ J. CasJin; 21. 223 <>3rtlan<l avenue,
acd Bridget Mulkerin. 21. S5S Cha.puitep^c
fcihTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mai' wi!'. not lw inserted. They must be handed
in at c»tr«r cf th* publication offices and be
¦-J. -su d «ith the name and residence of per-
nans authonxed to have the siine published.
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
cif thr event are published once in this column
fl»c of charge.
noR.v
WlN\NP -In Petaluma. July 21. 1904, to th«
wito of Wi'l J. Winans (nee Cator), »
daugbtex.
WoI!t>EII— In this oity. July 21. 1004. to the
¦rtfe of Henry Webber, a daughter.
M All HI CD.
HAMILTON— H1GG1NS— In Elmhurst, July
21. IU04. by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Robert
Hamilton and Estelle C. Higglns. both of
Elmharst.
H- •OBMACK-BULAWEKT— In this city.
July 21; liHH, bv the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wlisi n. Scott McCormack and Annie Bu-
lawsky Ixith of San Francisco.
PtiNTZ-lSHERWOOD— In this city. July 20,
1904. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Henry Pout* of San Jose and Alice Isher-
mi->d vf St. L-.uis. Mo.
. DIED.
Braun. Carl Loux. Albert
Cavagnaro. Fiorenzo McKinney, Anna L.
« "liase. Tht* . l>e F. Norris, Eugene W.
Cliflfcrd, Edward «>'Brien John
t^ebers. Anna SI. Poland. Frank S.
lChjtsii?r. FrvJ Reitmann. Augusta 1
tenlofi. Charles Hitter. Theodore D.
Uaugtiran. James Ryan, Bridget
lieyer, John A. Schafer, Carl
Hull. Henry P. Siml. Pietro
ICieneU. Violet A. Tdjnsart. Pete
LevUin. Abraham WollT, Michael
BRAIN— ln this city. July 22. 1&O4. Carl
(.:... .... b«.l«vc-<l eon of Jai-ob llraun and the j
Ute Bertha Uraun. and brother of Brrtha •
lirnun. Mrs. M. Hartman and Fre>l Braun, !
a native of Bohemia. Auttria. aged 'J2 years. I
C7*FrS«ndt> and acquaintance^ are rtspect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
«£>unday>. July 24. at 2 o'clock, from his late I
residence. ."S4 Kourtenith Ftreet. near Va-
I- ncia. Inu-nr.ent Hills of Kternity Ceme-
tery. t.y electric funeral ear from Eighteenth
and Guerrero atreets.
CAVAGNAUO—In Genova, Italy. July 20,
U<l>4, Fiorenzo, beloved husband of Made-
l.'ra Cavacnaro. and father of Christina and
Fforrnzina Cavacnaro. and brother of Carlo ,
¦ il. t'svasnaro, a native of Italy, aged M I
>xatra 2 months and 17 daj>>.
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter. ;
C1IABE— ta this city. July 22. 1901, Thomas i
Dc FreJs Chase, husband of Angle O. Chase. •
tr.d brother of Harry F., Malcolm P. and j
Samuel R. Chace and Mrs. J. B. Walden, j
a native of San Francisco, aged 46 year*. •
iI>>f Angties paj>er£ flease ccpy.)
C7"Fri*>n<3s are respectfully invited to at-
t. nd th. iimeral services) Sunday. July 24.
at 10 o' click, at the char«el of N. Gray &
Co.. 05.". Sutter strict. Interment Cypresa
U»n Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townf.nd streets.
CLIFFORD— In Redwood City, July 20. 1904.
Kdward, IjelovtKl husband of Bridect Clif-
ford, ana loving father of Minnie. Henry,
Edviird and William Clifford. Mrs. J.
Tribolet and the late Annl» Larken, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 64 years.
E7"Frkn<Jb ar.d accuaintances are respect-
fully incited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 24. leaving Redwood City on 12:03
o'clock train. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
EOKKERG— In this city. July 2J. 19O4. Anna
Margratlia. beloved wife of the late Henry j
Ugeberg. and devoted mother of Henrj' P-
Egiuerg of Reddinc. Cal.. and Helen, Ed- j
ward and Anna Egeberg. a native of Han- j
••ver. Germany, ag<rd 4>« \ears 5 months and I
17 daye. >
KyFrirnd* and aeauaJntances are rtspect- j
fully invited t« attend the funeral services j
to-morrow iSunday). at 2:30 o'clock, at lit :
late residence. 1U2!* Vermont street, under
the aut Diets of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge.
No. 13U. I. O. O. F. Cremation Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. i
EI>APPER— In Pert Blakeles* Wash., accl-
oentally. July 21. VMH, Fred Elsasser. be-
lcved «cn <^f t«i<» late Charles and Sophie
J-:ia4U"F*r. and beloxed brother of C. C. and
\V. A. E'.saFs't an-1 Mrs. J. Gillleo. a
natiw of Kan Francisco, aged 25 years 8
months: and 25 days.
FEXTOX— ln this city. July 22, 1904, Charles
F< nton. beloved husband of Ada J. Fenton.
a native of New York, aged 80 years- 6
njenths and 25 days.
(E7*Noiice of funeral hereafter.
GAl'GHRAN— la this city. July 22, 1004,
James Gauehran, a native of Westmead,
Ireland, aged C5 years.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
HHVi:R— In this city. July 21. 1904. John A.
Heyer, a native of Germany, aged 37 years
k* months and 21 days. A member of Court
Sonora No. 129. F. of A.
LTKrif nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
July 23, at 10:30 o'clock, from th» funeral
pariors of Pcrter & White, 423 Golden Gate
a\ cnu«. Funeral under the auspices of the
Jloard of Relief of the Foresters of America.
Interment Cyoreys Lawn Cemetery.
Hl'l-L — ln San Mateo. ra!., July 22 l:K>4
Henry P. Hull, beloved husband of Nellie |
«v>!rnian Hull, and f=on of W. W and
Hownna Hull, and brother of Asa and Guy I
Hull ar,<! Mr«. Richard J. Shield*, a native
<f San Carlos, Cal., aged 37 years 10 months
ami 11 day*.
C7" Friends ar.d arauaintanee* are respect-
iuily invited to atttnd the funeral cervices
Rna4ay. Julv 24. at 0:45 o'clock, at St. !
Matthew's Catliolic Church San Mateo. Cal.
Interment St. John's Cemetery. Kan Mateo. I
KI.SHELL— In this city. July 22. 1904. Violet 1
Anaie. dearly beloved daughter of Parouel
M and Ori'.lia Klss>IL a iiatlvp of San ;
Francisco, ared S months and 11 days. j
LEVISOX— In this city. July 22 1904 at i
• Mount Zion H> s;.ital, Abraham S. Levison i
• ormtriy of Honolulu, a native of Russia
£ged S5 years.
LOUX— In Oakland. July 21, 1904, Albert
Loux. beloved ton of Mr. and Mrs. Alphonse
Loux. and brother of Henry. August !
Gabriele. Lucy and Dorothy Ixjux, a native '¦
(.: Lorraine, ased 21 years 3 months and
McKINNET— In Haywards July 22 1904 *
Anna L. MrKlnney, beloved wife of Thomas :
.lrtTerKon McKlnn«-y, iind mother of G«org«-
j'..1»ard and Louise McKinney. Mrs James
<:reves. Mr*. Hiram Grev«a and Mrs. ',
J'liorniis Ualc,. :
r^Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
:u!ly invited to attend the funeral from her
•lau» reyident* in Hayward*. Sunday. July
-I. ot 1 o clock. Interment Lone Tree Cem-
etery.
HORKIS— In Tucson. Aril., July 21 1904 !
Kuseoe W Norri.. son of E. J. Norrte and
the late Ix.uise and brother of Ed-
var.l A. Euhr cf San Francisco, a native
n w. n 1 lrancisc0 - a «r*d 29 years 2 months I
i:i i 'J days.
O 'i JRIE^T" In . jA t 1 he ,''">' " nd County Hospiui I
Julv 22. 1H04 John O'Brien, a native of
ilai-iJichusettR. %ged 2S y-a r *
»-. I oland, belnved father of Harry F
I'oUud a -native of Massachusetts aged V"
year* .1 month* and 10 days
JCTFriendiK and ac<juaintan.'es are respect-
fully inv ted to attend th? funeral services
S-unday. July 24. at 10 o'clock, at the mortu-
nry cbu*l «f_ the Coi d , n « ate x^^Sv-'
Company 2475 Mlsrtoti Mrn. near Tw*ntj"
N->. ..10. I. O. O. I-.; Excelsior Lod«r»» >:<!
VM. A. Ol I'. W.. and Grand Lod£v o"
. I'. W., of irallfoi-nU. Interment Odd Feilows :
• ¦cm^t^rj".
REITMANN"— In this city, July «»o ]90 i
Augusta, dearly beloved wife cf * Dledrick
Keitnutmi. and y|«er of Mre. Geotxe Bern-
hard, a native of New York City atscd "6
years* 3 months and 20 days. (Brooklyn
N. V.. vapors please copy.) * '
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend th« funeral Sundav"
July 21. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late re/l-
den'f-, 51 Capv street, near Sixteenth. Cre-
- mat Ion Odd Fellows' C*meterj'.
i:rm:R— In this city. July 21. .IU04. Tiieo-
»!orc Iiicdrich Carl Rltter, beloved eon of
I James McClnn. Henry Hansen.
\ jaucs mcginn & co..
\ Formerly With McGinn Bros.
-^—Funeral Directors and Entlulmers— -
—in 214 . Eddy .* t i ; Te ii. South 578 -
Mr. and Mre. C. E. . nitttf , and brother of
Mildred nitter nnil twin brother of Irmgard
Rltttr. agt.l :• months.
CyTIii- funeral services tvill be held
Saturday, July 'Si, at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his i-aivntJ". 2:jOO Filbert street. In-.
tersest private.
RYAN— In tliii city.. July 1^, 1904, at lier
reKidence. 747 ] '. Guerrero street, Bridget,
beloved wlf* of t!ie late John Kyan. an.l
dearly beloved mother of Mollie and Kittio
Ryan, a native of County Carlow. Ireland,
a^ed C4 years.
SCHAFER— In NaDa.' July 20. 1904, Carl
Wilhelm Peter, dearly beloved husband of
Maria Schafer. and devoted father of Mrs.
Louise t'isiber. a nattve of Germany, au'd
d yearn o months and 22 days. A member
01 Kureka Lo<3=e No. «;_O. d. II. S.
(ETKriinds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), July 23. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
parlors 01" H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
etreet. between Sevfntli and Elshth, thence
to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, for services, commencinc at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EIMI— In Healdsburc, Cal., suddenly, July 19.
l'JO-1. Pl*lro Siml, beloved husband of Vic-
toria Siml, and father cf Harry C. Slmi.
Mrs. C A. Krone. Mr*. V. Pinella and
Mrs. G. R. Stilce, a native of Lucca, Italy,
aged Ott years.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th«> funeral services
on Sunday. July "4, at 1 o'clock, at Sts.
Peter and Paul's Church, Filbert and
Dupont rtrefts.
TAGGART— In Selma, July 20, 1904, Pete
. Taxgart, b?loved husband of Sarah Taggart,
and father of Jennie, Catlileen. Johnnie and
Mary Taggart. and brothir of Mrs. S. J.
Brownlee, a native of Ireland, aged 31 years.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend thr funeral this day
? Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917
Mission street, ther.ce to the Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer, corner Eighteenth and
IJIaniond streets, where services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. --*.'-',
WOLFF— In this city, July' 21. 1904, Michael
Woln". beloved father of Aaron Wolff, Mrs.
Sarah Rosenberg and Mrs. Esther Baehr* a
native of Bavaria, aged 76 years 3 months
and 12 days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 24. at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Ccmiery. via 11 :30 o'clock train from Third
nnd Townsend streets.EASTERN MABKETS. I
Chicago'.
CHICAGO, July 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000; market Blow; good to. prime steers, $5 50
€840; poor to medium. $4 50#5 25; etockers
and feeders, $2@4 10;. cows, $1 50@4 SO; heifers,
$2«i5 60; canners, $l-50®2 00; bulls, $2^4 15;
calves, $2 6066 75; Texas fed steers, $3®4 85.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow.
10,000; market 10c to 15c lower:- mixed and
butchers, $5 1005 40;.- good to choice heavy,
?> 25(g5 40; rough heavy, $4 P-Oigfl 20; light,
$5 15@5 45; bulk of sales, $5 15@5 30. .
SHEEP— Receipt*,' S00O; market for sheep
and lambs," weaker; good to choice wethers,
$4@4 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 25@4; West
ern sheep. $2 2504 60; . .native lambs, $4fi>7;
Western lambs, $4 75§6 75. ,. .
Omaha. '
OMAHA. July 22.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1800;
market slow, .10c to 15c lower; native eteers,
$3 75®6 10; cows and heifers, $3@4 50; West
ern uteers, $3 25@4 75: range cows and heifers,
$2;25@3 60; canners, $1 50@2 75; stockers and
feeders, $2 60®4 JO; calves,. $3JJ5 25; bulls
$2 25®4 25.'-' ••¦-¦-¦ ' ' . " '
HOGS — Receipts, 3500; market 1 5c lower
heavy. $4 06©^ 15; mixed, $5@5 05; light, $5 05
€5 15; pigs, $4 60®5; bulk of Bales, $5 02%@
' SHEEP— Receipts,. BCPO; market generally 10c
to 15c lower; Western yearlings, $3 75@4 25;
wethers. $3 504^4; ewes, $2 55@3 75; common
and stockers, $2 25@3 30; .lambs, $4 754J6.
. Kansas City.
KANSAS. CITY, ' July ' 22!"— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 4600; market* slow and steady; native
steers, $4©6 25; Southern steers, $2 75m 75-
Southern cows, $1 75@3 60; native cows and
heifers. $1 75®5 25: etockers and feeders $2 50
@4 60; bulls. " $2 25@3 75; calves, $26(Xra6-
Western steers, $4®6; Western cows, $1 75©
HOGS— Receipts; '7000; market 5®10c'lower
bulk of sales. $5 15<$6 30; heavy, $5 2505 KSS
packers. $? 15@5 30; plga and~ lights. $3 60®
• SHEEP— Receipts, 2500: market steady mut
tons. $3 25®4 75; lambs. $4@6; range wethers
$3 7504. 75; ewes. $3 75©4. . •! ; . '.,
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
LOCAL. .
Sterling. Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 68%
New York Exchange, sight.:.... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. '— 10
Silver, per ounce.. — 68
Mexican Dollars 40 © 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London 20.44U
Paris on .London , 25. 23%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets stood about
the same. Chicago was lc lower. .The Chi
cago wire of Mitchell, Mulcahy &Co. said:
"There was rather- more pacific political
news" from Europe. - and scattered showers >
through the West and Southwest were 'light. I
Receipts Of wheat were again liberal and de- j
mand not so good, and . cash prices in the
Southwestern markets lo to 2c . lower. The |
war news had, as usual, driven out the short |
interest to a great extent. There, was some
ecattered liquidation throughout the day.
Snow's report was considered bearish, although
he estimates the crop from 600,000,000 to 625,
000,000 bushels, which, is not very high for
him. The Modern Miller was also considered
a little bearish. Northwestern advices continue
favorable. Late cables confirm a serious short
age In the French crop, but with the large
surplus they carried over last ' year It seems '
doubtful if they will need to Import much If
any wheat. We still look for an uncertain and
fluctuating market. The large cash premiums
will, we think, continue to bring the wheat
from fanners' hands and some depreciation in
cash prices would seem probable. This may tem
porarily depress September and December wheat,
although we doubt if the cash level reaches the
basis of those futures for some time to come.
Threshing returns are disappointing. Inclined
to think we would still operate on the long side,
but for the present buy on sharp breaks for
moderate profits."
The Cincinnati Price Current says 30.000,000
bushels is* a conservative estimate of the re
cent Western wheat losses. ; ¦
The Southwestern Grain and Flour Journal
which estimated the Kansas wheat crop at" 70- I
000,000 bushels May 15, on last Friday gave
that State 60.000.000 bushels. Nebraska is esti
mated at 31.000,000 bushels, Oklahoma 14,
000,000 bushels.- and the three States 106,000 -
000 bushels. . . . . '
In this market there was little new. The
cash grain was steady and unchanged, while
futures sold off ln sympathy with Chicago.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 32%©1 38%; California
White Australian, $1 52%01 57%; Northern
Club, $1 32%@1 37%; Northern Bluestem!
$1 62%@1 66 per ctl. 6
FUTURES.
0 Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. - High. Low. Close
December ...$1 35% $135% $1 S5tf $1 35?,
¦ 2 p.m. Session.
J,..'. -.... Open. High. Low. Close
December,... $1 35% $1 85% $1 35% $1 35^
. BARLKY— There was no further change In
the cash grain, which was steady. Futures
sold oft in the morning on free selling • orders
and the opinion that, after the recent sharp I
advance a' reaction was about due, but there
was eomo recovery in the afternoon.
CASH BARLEY.
/ Feed. $1 01%©!' 03%; new * Brewing and •'
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Butchers report Sheen and Lambs m»w com
ing In freely from Southern Oregon and North
ern California, and a further decline is ex
pected. Good, large Beef la steady, but thin
stock i* not wanted and draffs. Veal continues
plentiful. There Is nothing new ln Hogs.
Wholesale rate* from slaughterers to dealers
an« as follows:
BEEF- r>07c for Steers and 40«c per lb for
Cow*.
VEAL — Large. 6@8c: small. ?89e per Xb
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%STSc; Ew«s. 78«k»
per lb.
LAMB— 9©10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hog*, emys^o p«r n*
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following: quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco^ leas Si)
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 7\»07%c: C0W9 and Hstf«
•rs. 5%©6%c; thin Cows. 4$3e per lb.
CALVES — 434 %c per lb (ctoss weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%®3%c; Ewes, Sa3%a
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— *2 60<g2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to SCO lb«. 4*;e4Tie»
200 to 250 lba. 4%c; 130 lb» and under. 4%c:
over 250 lba, 4V«c: soft Hogs, nominal: Sows
20 per cent off: Bears. 60 per cent off, «n<S
Stags, 40 per cent off frcm above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5%c; San Quentln. $3 49*
Wool Bags. 30@32c: Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags. 6%<87%o for white and 7o for brows
Jute. . . .
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling,
ton. $S: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 60; Beaver
Hill, $5 50; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7: Coos
Bay. $5 60: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond
$7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In.
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egx 114-
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump*
$11 60: Cannel. $S 60 per ton; Coke. $11 60® 13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 p«r 2000 lbs and
$12 RO per long ton. according to brand
OILS— Lucol Is 2c higher. Quotations ar<»
for barrels; for- cases add 6c; Linseed.
57c per gallon for boiled and 55c for
raw; Castor Oil. ln cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10@l 12;: Lucol. 50o
for boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases.
«:%esoc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
68c for Ceylon and 53c for Australian; extm
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Wbala
Oil. 67c: natural Whale Oil, 52c: extra winter
¦trained Lard OU. 75c; No. 1 Lard-Otl. 69c:
pure Neatsfoot OH. 73c: No. 1 NeaUfoot OU.
«3o; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish OIL 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint OIL 33c; raw Palat
Oil. 31c. -..-?,*:.¦•¦.
COAL OILr-Water White Coal OIL la balk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c; Astral. 19%c:
Star. 10%c; Extra Star. 24c: Elata*. 28c:
Eocene. 23c: Deodorized Stove OaaoUne. In
bulk. lSc; In cases. 22%c: Benzine, la bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline, la
bulk, 26c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon ln cases and
75c ln drums and Iron barrets.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7*49
7%e per lb: White Lead. 7UO7%c aceordlns
to ooanttty.
SUGAR; — The Western Sugar Refining Conv
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 10O-lb bags-
Cubes. A Crushed and Finn Crushed. «.u&c:
Powdered. 5.90e; Candy Granulated. 5.90c: Dry
Granulated, fine. R.SOc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 80c; Fruit Granulated. 5.90c; Beet GranuL
lated (100-lb bags only). ; Confectioner**
A. 6.80c; Magnolia A. 8.40c; Extra C, 5.30c;
Changes were insignificant.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
AMERICAN CAK COMPANY.'
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4fc|l, & N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg.. 104% Mex Central 4s... 65
Do coupon 105«i Do 1st lnc 14%
'Do new 4s reg.l31V4 Minn & St L 4s.. 98V*
Do, coupon 132% M, K & Texas 4s. 100
Do old 4s reg.lOSVi Do 2ds 80
Do coupon 109U NK of Mex con 4a 76%
Atch gen 4s 106% NYC gen 3%s.. 69%
Do adj «s 95K N J C gen Cs 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. 98% Nor Pao 4s ...... lOoVi
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% I Do 3s 74*4
Do 3%s 05 |Nor & W con 4».101%
Central of Ga 6s.ll0% OSL 4s & partlc. 97%
Do 1st lno 78 Pa conv 3%s 68%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% Reading gen 4s... 99
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78% S L & I M con B».116
C. B & Q new 4s 97Vi S L A S F f g 4s. 81%
C.M & SP gn 4s.lO8% St Louis SW l«ts. 95 1
C & NW con 7s. 130 Seaboard A L 4s. 69%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71% So Pacific 4s 94%
Do cpl 6s 82 So Railway Cs 115
C.C.C & SLgn 4fl.l01 Tex & Pao Ists..ll8?4
Chi Term 4s..... 73 T. St L & W 4s. 73
Cons Tobacco 4s..63T4 Union Pacific 4b.103«
Colo & So 4s 84% Do oonv 4s.....l02%
C F &-I Con 5s. 71% U S Steel 2d 6s.* 79
Den & Rio G 4s.lOO Wabash lsts 117
Erie prior lien 4s. 98%| Do deb B ..... 69%
Do gen 4s 85 W & L Erie 4s... 01%
F W & D C lsts. 104% Wis Central 4s... 00
Hocking Val 4%s.l07%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20IOntarlo 3 60!
Alice 25|Ophir 2 60
Breece ¦. 10| Phoenix . . . .Y. . . .V 5 11
Com Tunnel. .... 08 Potosl - is
Con Cal & Va... 1 16| Savage 27
Horn Silver 1 451 Sierra Nevada.... "26
Iron Silver 1 60| Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con ... 02| Standard 2 00
Little Chief .... 1,5
Bosion Stocks and Bonds.
1 . . . ,.
Money— |U S Steel 12U
Call loans 2@3% Do rfd 62»4
Time loans 3^4%! Westing Common. 80
Bonds— • . I Mining—
Atd*son 4s .....101% I Adventure m 1
DoadJ 4s 94%|Allouez 8%
Mex Central 4s... 62%|Amal Copper 5lU
Railroads — |Amer Zino 12
Atchison 70X4 Atlantic 9
Do pfd 98%!Bingham 20%
Boston & Albany. 249 | Calumet & Hecla.470'
Boston & Maine.. 166 I Centennial ... . "4«i
Boston Elev 151 Copper Range ... 60%
Fitchbtirg pfd .... 138 Daly West ... ... 16$
Mex Central 9Y* Dora Coal 43^
N Y. N H ft H..194 Franklin „.. 7%
Pere Marquette... 74 JGrancy 3
Union Pacific 87% lisle Royale .....".' 11W
Miscellaneous— |Mass Mining 4%
Amer Arge Chem. 15% I Michigan 4%
Do pfd 75 I Mohawk 43%
Amer Pneu Tube, 4%|Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Amer Sugar 120% Old Dominion ... 13%
, °o Pf ....129%|Osceola B2%
Amer Tel & Tel. 132 I Parrot 04U
Amer .Woolen ... ll%!Quincy S5
Po pfd 7«%IShannon 3G
Dom Iron & S.. - . 8% I Tamarack 88
Ed Elect Ilium.. 248- | Trinity 7«
Gen Electric 161 lU S Mlnjng 22'5
Mass Electric 19 I U 8 Oil 7 11
Do pfd 73WJUtah 38%
Mass Gas , 40 jvictoria 3U
United Fruit . . . .106%| Winona 7=2
Ln Shoe Mach... 60 | Wolverine 75
Do pfd 30 I
London Closing Stocks.
Cons • money.. 88 n-ielN T Central 122%
Do acct 8SS4|Nor & Western... 63
Anaconda 3«| Do pfd 01
Atchison SOHiOnt & Western... 31« .
t> , M L W4 1 Pennsylvania 62^
Bait A Ohio R7UlKand Mines 9^
Can Pacific 127 V Reading 27%
£*]<•» & Ohio 35 I Do 1st pfd .... 43 '
Chi Great West.. 15 Do 2d pfd...t.. 3flli !
Chi. Mil & St P. 1.-2 |Bo Railway 25 j
De Beers is»j| Do pM ni
Den & Rio G.... 22%[So PaclHo 52%
Do rfd 74 I Union Paclflo 09U
EfJI* • 26^i! Do pfd fifl% :
Do 1st rM 64>.J!U S Steel 12%
T,, D £ 2dpM 40 ' Do PM 63MT
111 Central . . .140'; | Wabash 19
I»u!s * Nash 10S%| Do pfd 37%
M. K.& Texas,... 18%iSpanlsh 4s -».f5%
Bar silver— Quiet. 26 ll-16d per ounce." '
Money— 2'41?3 per cent.
The rate of discount Inthe.open market for
Fhort bills is 2 13-KVJT2T; per cent and for
three months' bills 2% per cent.
_ -Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The following table
compiled by Bradstreet, shows- the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended j
July 21, with the percentage of increase and !
decrease as compared with the corresponding !
week last year: '
¦ Per Cent— ¦
Citleb— Amount. • Inc. Dee. !
New $1,321,955,000 .1 :
Chicago 163,6i2.72« • Vfl ',
Boston 134,876,707 12.7
Philadelphia 159.133.552 28.1
St. Loula 49.487,039 2.4
Pittsburg C9.ia3,660 28*8
San Francisco 27.458,660 .5
Baltimore 2l.562.3fl3 11 1 i
Cincinnati 29,479.550 35.1
Kansas City 16,320.309 ... I5 3
New Orleans 13,632.433* 's i
Cleveland. 13.695,203 leV
Minneapolis 13,037,779 4 0 1
petroit 11,373,726 2.4 ..'..]
Louisville 11.267,135 29.7 . I
pn-.aha 6,465.690 17.7 !
Milwaukee 7.416,418 6.0
Providence 6.528 300 4 0
Buffalo 6,253,451 6^4 i
Indianapolis 6,076. C50 2 6
St. Paul 5,759,374 1 "*"
Los Angeles 6.552.933 15.8 '.'.'.'.
St. -Joseph 3.144,942 39 8
D> , nve '" 4.112,421 .... I6i3
Columbus 4.130.CO0 130
Memphis 2,0Sti,24« 3 7 :
|5«ttlo . 4,420,791 .... 'sin
Richmond 4,809 °24 « •>
Washington 3.781475 "e'i .
Savannah 2.751,517 11*4
Albany 3.744.728 .. "it
Portland. Or 3,2.84,703 13 4
Fort Worth 2,003,755 ... In' a
Toledo, Ohio 3.298.453 6 4
Salt Lake City... 3.451.401 32 O -*"*
Peoria..... 2.038,943. ..'.. {h' a
AUanta 7.431,371 12.8 .
Rochester ....... 2,615,635 10 8
Hartford 2.081.3S5 3.7 """
Nashville 2.527,305 6.1 ***"
Des Molnes 1.784,086 V» I
Spokane, Wash... 2.2S2.9S6 ro 6
Tacoma t . 1.814.CB4 *7*t
Grand Rapids.... 1.873.631 1.3 " :
New Haven 2,311.088 5.3 •••-.
Dayton 1,517,399 "3*5'
Norfolk ,1.590,742 3 5
Springfield, Mass. 1,545,129 3.2
Worcester 1.453.956 u'k
Portland, Me 1,535,021 1 8
Augusta, Ga 940,280 67.5 '.'."
Topeka 869,949 15 1
Sioux City 885,676 .... 24*8
Syracuse 1,296.005 3 si
Evansville 1,036.716 o
Birmingham 1,042,579 1.9
Wilmington, Del. 951,ti3>J .. 24*0
Knoxvllle ¦..• 755,369 3.4
Davenport 709.676 i'A
Little Rock 651,103 ... 21*9
WlIkeBbarre ...... 854,122 -2 6
Fall River 694,258 .... Y«
Macon ; 359,764 • 88 8
Wheeling, TV. Va. 724.140 2 0
Wichita 916,505—
Akron 636,700 . .... '9*6
Chattanooga 722,654 7.1
Springfield, III 712,223 6.9 *"""
Kalamazoo, Mich. 666 664' • .. . 4' 7
Youngetown ..... 436.65S' 43*7
Helena ..; 777.921 25.1 , ¦'
Lexington 6<«,49!} .... "7
Fargo. N. ,D 397.956 .... . 6*6
New Bedford 433,643 ..... 102 1
Canton, Ohio 496,000 .. . in 7
Jacksonville, Fla. 85871 B8 15.4
Lowell 473.397 5.8
Chester, Pa 458,425 .... 15 •>
Green6burg. Pa.. 342,164 .... 27 "•>
Rockford. -Ill 495,525 .... p"T
Blnghamton 436J50O 27
Springfield, Ohio.. 815,947 iq'o
Bloomlngton, 111.. 341.288 13.0
Quincy. Ill 319,457- .... 'hi
Sioux Falls. S. D. 181, 895 ' 37*1
Mansfield, Ohio... 100,258 .... 25*1
Decatur, 111 254.74.1 2.0
Jacksonville, 111.. 163.396 .... a'i
Fremont, Neb.... 124.3SO , ..1
•Houston 9.13S.293 ' .. 04*3
•Galveston. .... 6,638,000 8.5
Charleston, S. C. . 943,615 "6.1 """"
Cedar Rapids :t , 357,476 ' ,\\\
'Totals, U. S.... $2, 171, 836, 208 Ii '
Outside" N. Y... 849,851,199 ,.8 *"**
CANADA.
Montreal $21,431,378 • 5
Toronto 16,044.618 12 8
Winnipeg 6,704,549' 26.6 *""
Ottawa 2,160.249 10 7 "*"
Halifax 1,823,872 8.1 """"
Quebec 1,527,328 " 'I... •¦ ih'j
Vancouver, B. C... 1.710,568 2.1
Hamilton 1,115,559 8.5 """"
London, Ont 860,637 .... '1'h
St. John. N. B 1,005,288 .... i«2
Victoria, B. C. ...... 763,162 ; .60.0 .... '
Totals. Canada..., $54,156,208 6.0 '7777 |
•Not included In totals because containing ]
other items than clearing*. - ¦
Nevj York Cotton Markets ]
NEW YORK, July 22.— Cotton futures opened 1
k; i uljr V 10 " B 5*V« August. 10.65c : September,
8.99c; October. B.75c; December, 9.69c: Janu- 1
ary, 9.73c; March,, 9.74c ' j
Foreign Futures.
¦LIVERPOOL.'
Wheat — July. Sept. • Dec.
Opening i. 8 7% 6 9% « 0%
Closing ..... 6 7Ts «9 6 9!£
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 21 50 21 95
Closing 21 55 Zi C5
Fiour—
Opening 20 80 29 20
Closing 29 05 29 25
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 22.— WHEAT-^Walla.
Walla. 66@67c; bluestem, 74S75c; valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 22.— WHEAT— lc higher for
club; bluestem, 75c; club, tiSc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, July 22.— Clearings, $676,294; bal
ances. $90,160.
TACOMA. July 22.— Clearings, $2S5,351 ; bal
ances. $30,141,
PORTLAND. July 22.— Clearings. $408,799;
balances, $38,525.
SPOKAJCE. July 22.— Clearings, $407,620;
balances. $130,277.
Coast Lumber Market.
The West Coast and Puget Sound LAimber
' -n says:
"Compared to the situation a month ago
sbe lumber m&rket chows some Improvement.
bat it is not very mariced «nd is considered
ty some of the conservative men In the trade
3uM a revival of the business to Its normal
sercmer condition after the unusually back
~**r4 spring ar.d the attendant delay in all
. I:nes of material development. There Is a
•** feeling over the situation, and while
i- doe* not warrant any relaxation ln the
•decision to keeo the output down, it Is a
relief to the unfavorable conditions of the past
f-.x or eight months. There has been a better
Inqtdrjr rrom the interior retail yards this
r.onth and some of the mills report a fair
¦mater cf orc>r» booked, but this is by no
r!:<=ans the rule. The recommendation to close
ii}f mills so as to reduce the output one-third
; ur u! >; j s not likely to be uniformly fol
lowed, although Jt is beJieved in the aggregate
the number of individual mills closing down
may efTcct the desired result.
•'h'.nglei have at length ehown a reaction
irom tlit downward movement and have made
Weather Report.
CttOUl Meridian— Pacific Time.)
*A_N KUANCIFCO. July 22— 5 p. m.
Th* following maximum and minimum tem-
IxriLturM axe reported for previous day from
M-€2 New Orleans ....SO-74
* ln « nnltl Philadelphia 90-72
Jacksonville 02-TU j\v*»hinnon te-<U
Et - 84M58is>w York 66-70
SAN FRANCISCO 62-52
THE COAST RECORD. ~
? s s o 2 -
§ Ss-sf I^« •• 5
' mnosa I *z?* H Sa I
A I ? i i f
p£ v.v ;. •;g;S"a U w w Mj r •«
ur^» 30.12 5S 52 M Cloudy W
Independence .a«.«4 l*> 72 P Cloudy t
3U.S Angela.. a».92 S4 Co W C ear 00
Mt TatriHi r «i,.r...}.4 79 6.1 BW CleaJ ' T
garth Head..:jO.l« 62 54 W Pt Cldy 00
Rneebur* . . .3A.«^ , 72 M X Cl4r |S
bait L fi k»....2 9 .78 M «8 W near .K>
Ifcn Francj«co.a».SK$ « 2 52 W i'iltZ T
B L Ot:spo..29.fl4 S2 52 N near OO
Diego.... -».:*2 74 m NW Hear 'Z
VJ IWff.mx-a .23.88 S2 firt BW Cloudy T
Tt - raa 23.74 1W 76 siv Clear , o i
1VEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
%rtzoM AJ ¦ Si ? rr S E - Ltah "'i Northern
*?n; ra S^,t f " have in
SSSfS^ wtter p-vS. ro w1t h h
r,nrt'h^r 1 7 I ; i n^ lfOrn:a - Falr *««^ »^ht
.outhw^S,?" 11 *- 01011^ fresh
!-/rt?on.' la ~ raJr FaturiJll y : wa "ner In northern
uifa?«2SSiS!? > V' 4 vici "«>— Fair Saturdav;
UKU t outher!y. chancing to bri^k weet-r^
wtntm. A. G. McADIE. District Foreca.ter.
Fnnt and Wheat Bulletin.
CTATION8. S I o * |S
? 3 « % 1°
: ! I ? It
d ::::::::::::^ S IS? '&
f, ; S y ? :
Llverrnore 94 r .l .... Clrar Tr'
Lo. An( ( >, MOW Clear 00
•, 7» M S Pt.CfcJy TV
N,wrart!e 99 K2 SW Clear <6
N«*«n«i mi 70 .... dear ',%
Palermo T0 .... Pt.Cidy o.
Portrrvll!* 102 73 NW Clear i>
gf« «" ff W 74 SE Clear .<*
Riverside n 7 f { .... C l<-ar f«
Sacramento ss C« S CVai . ..^
ban DIfgo 74 flij NW Clear .ft)
San Trf.ncisco 02 52 W Clear Tr
San Jose « 5S .... Oar on
F«n Lu!« Oblspo S2 62 N Clear Ort
Santa Marls. 75 55 Clear *OO
Kanta Rosa 80 «7 .... Clear "oo
Ventura 96 66 S Pt.Cidy ".00
WEATHER AND CP.OP CONDITIONS.
Colusa— Grain harvertinr ""ill continues;
grap-cc In eood condition. '
Hollltter— Trace of rain In forenoon
San Jose— Pears coming rlowly; 'medium
grade.
Cloverdale— First crop of figs are ripening
raienno— Earlier varieties of peach es about
cone.
Llvennor* — Headicg neerly finished
-King City— Ueht shower cf rala last alghf
no damage. " ?
Santa MarU— Unchanged crop conditions;
brans now blossoming ; average appearance
N*pa— Light sprinkle of ram; no damage
Newman — Continued hot weather good for
alfalfa.
Stockton — Crops very for advanced- peaches
thr«« weeks earlier than last year. '
Willows — Crop conditions unchanged
Hanford— Watermelons plentiful; feed fair
* h:j>plng hay and wheat; prunes ripening. '
¦*-. O. McADIEL
HOPS^ — Nominal at 25®27%o per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 erop are quot
ed at 18020c.
Late mall reports from New Torlc «ay of
Hops: "The feature of the day was th» receipt
of advjees from the coast reporting rains la
Oregon. Business for the day waa" quiet, but
the tone of the market held steady. It wa*
learned that during the past few days about
300 bales Paciflcs changed hands locaSly be
tween dealers, and the» prices paid ranged from
to 27c. according to quality. Sales of a few
hundred bales of eld olds also were reported.
No changes In the English crop prospects wer»
r eport?d and estimates range from 400.000 to
4jO,n0O cwt. The crop prospects ln Germany
were reported somewhat less favorable, taer*
being- complaints of dry weather."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy Salteil
ste-rs. 9%c; medium. 8%©9c; light. 8®3%e:
Cow Hides. 8fiS%(? for heavy and 80S%e for
light; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal.
10c; Salted Calf. 10%«llc; dry Hides. 16c;
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskin* shear
lings. 25040c each; short Wool. 4O0B3o each:
medium. 73090c: long Wool. $181 50: Hani
Hides, salt. $2 75 for large and $203 5O for
medium. $1 25<?H 75 for small and 50c for
Colts. Horse Hides, dry $1 75 for large an<i
$1 50 for medium. $101 2i for small and 50c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 39
0o2Uc. Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25; large and smooth. 00c; me
dium. SSc; small. 20c.
• TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©-4%o per lb:
No^2. 3%c: grease. 2% 0.1c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17019c; San Jcaquln and Southern. 13
months'. 10tfS12c; do 7 months'. 9011o per lb;
Middle Cpuntles. 13017c for free and 12015*
for defective; Northern. ie01Sc for free ani
14i?lGc for defective; Nevada, 13016c accord-
Ing to condition.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
MsceHaheous Markets.
Shipping. $1 05®l 12%: Chevalier, nominal.
— FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a, in- '
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$104 $104 $103% $103%
2 p. m. Session.
Op#n, High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 03% $1 04 $1 03% $1 04
OATS— The market rules firm, and Reds are
quoted rather higher at $1 15@1 32% per ctL
The demand is fair and offerings are light.
CORN — There is nothing new to report. Re
ceipts are light, the demand is slack and pre
vious prices rule.
Western sacked. $1 4301 47% for Yellow.
$1 45®1 47}$' for White and- SI 45 for Mixed;
California Large Yellow, $1 45 tf 1 50; small
round do. $1509160; White, $1450130 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 3O@l 35 for White and $125
61 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 20@l 30 for new and $1 30@l 32%
( for old.
¦BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7502 per ctL
1 ¦
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras* $4 60®
1 4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5O®4 SO
1 Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 8504 23
1 per bbl. • .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
.follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs-
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 23; Rice Flour.
?7; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra eream do. $4 25;
1 Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4g4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat. »4:
1 Farina, $4 50; Whole . Wheat Flour. $3 73;
- Rolled Oats, bbls. J7 25@S 60; In sacks, $6 T5#
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay were 1039 tons. Th« mar
ket cannot etand such a flood and Is very weak,
f with buyers afraid to take hold while the
: goods are coming in so fast. The tendency is
! toward still lower prices. The transport Dix
nas on board for Manila 2800 toiw of Hay and
j 1500 ton3 of Oats, part of the Government or
ders mentioned some time ago. As they are
. not taken from current arrivals they do not af
fect the market.
There is nothing new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $.'1 ©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24^29 per ton.
PHOKTS— J21622 per ton. ' '
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barter. $21 B0©22 BO
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50^
32 50; Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake $22®23;
I Corn Ceai. $30 50©31 60; Cracked Corn. $.H«
I 32; Mixed Feed. $22022 60; Horse Beans. $30Q
j 40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $S-t?l3: Wheat and Oat. Sfl«
! 11; Oat. $7 50O11; Barley and Oat. $7 50#10:
j Volunteer Wild Oat. $7 50®9 50: stable. $7®
: 2_5O: stock. $6 50®r7 50; Clover. $7@»; Alfalfa.
I $«@10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40@60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Pinks continue to advance, being In light
supply and wanted for shipment. Llmas and
Blackeyes rule firm. The other kind* are qvlet
and featureless.
j BBAWS-Kayos, $2 4002 63; Pea, $2 9003:
I T.V^ terE - *•' ?r>: """all White, $2 WW! 10; Urge
j White, $2 2502 50; Pink, $3 6503 C5; Red.
?».• lnia « f'-l -H>#o 50; Hed Kidneys. $4 50<&5;
j "-IjS, k^ e - »-«2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans.
.S^EDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
T lUi 3^, r , J \.* 3: FIax - * l 00 ®2 23; Canary. 6%@
,V AI /?, lfa - 15@18%c; Rape. 1%02%c; Tlmo
»J'^' / * c '' r , Uem P- 3%@3%e P«r lb; Millet,
" t- ™,£ c; 3roon » Corn Seed. $20«21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas, $3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The principal boat with fresh supplies of new
Potatoes from the river districts came to hand
, too late for the regular trade, but there was no I
I scarcity, as there was an abundance of carried- '
! lZ er !'T k on hand - Th" market was weak for
j eyerytning except cheap shipping stock, which !
: „/ n ? r^ 0 ? 11 re< l ues t at low prices. Receipts I
1 "f^^, 0111013 " consisted of one small lot con- i
«<•*!!? 1 w>- ne flrm> and U was <Jn»<*ly disposed |
' rZrZLf n a £ er Sack - Sllve «*ms were In light
, receipt and firm at a narrower range of prices.
, The \egetable market was still overloaded
1 with most descriptions, and Peppers Egg
j Plant and Green Corn were quoted lower. Old
, and wormy Green Corn was abundant and
I practically unsalable at 60@73c per sack. The
1 fornn,\° n n r, a ? ? W r , e P resen t the prices obtained I
1 Sin««?h «tock only.. Cucumbers and Summer
! ™ f * ere , 8 * tUl a dru * cn "» market, with
Tnm a ?"° Ver l0ts awalt » n K a buy« at any price.
j Tomatoes were plentiful, but steady, particu
larly for ripe stock in large boxes *"" l "- u
I ti«V T^ TOfc;S ~"^ ew Bur *>ar.ks from the river,
f 1@1 50 per ctl in sacks and $1 25O1 75 In
£?i xe8 i. M ,' at8 S. nvine Bur *»»»«. $165«175 per
'.^ Kp«e. $1200140; Garnet ChiUs.
* \vS?A;& °2? Potatoe? - «91 =3 Per ctl.
skins. $1 9002 per ctL
• VEGETABLES— Green ~ Corn. »1©>1 «> per
Bcaas . l%@--'c per lb : Wax Beans. 2%©:jc
P«r lb : Lima Beane, 6®tks per lb-
Tomatoes m small boxes and crates.'
£>0©»5c; large open boxes, $1 2501 50-
Summer Squash. 25030c per box* Cabbage
*\grSL °J I' K arrOt A' *, 1 « ack : Cucumbers
..wriOc per box: Garlic. 3me per lb; Egg
Plant. $1 per box; Dried Peppers. 8010c
for sun-driPd and i2%©13c per la for evaW?
ate.1; jOre-t» Okra. SfclOc per lb: Or«n Pen-
Chile $ P6r b0X for B * U and 40 @ 5 °o 1 'or
Poultry and Game.
th^r^i^ Po ) , ul . tr y w a» moderately active and
the receipts of domestic stock cleaned up well
»n22X lla W rat l S ' With IarKe Hens »nd young
Roosters having the most call. The expected car
of Western came to hand, but had no effect
? n ,, tne I ?, arket . as It was turned over to a n-
DovM««rt a M e Was rather F Ient| f u I *nd Wild
i^T,? n £, Hare were Quoted lower.
POULTRY-Llve Turkev. 14015c per lb
f?««. P«j: Pair. $1230120: Goslings. P $X 25®
lf£i P uck9 - «®"«50 per dozen for old and
ilioftwn^ 0 ? 1 *^ 11 " 1 "- * 5 « 550 '« large "d
lt*t? T SB l an : young Roostera. $8 5007 50
$ aS? 1^ «•«*»: dryers. $4© S ; Broi er°!
Piee^'i"«i^ r Ur f e and »® 2 30 for small
fo? S?Mba! PW Z - Cn * ld al>d * l 23 ® 1 5<>
Sl^t^ E^ W i M Dwr 5? > 80 « e5c P« r dMe ": Hare
pef dozen *'' Co * tonta11 Rabbits, $1 7502
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
*rJ% ei S ?l AS J 10 furth « r decline In Butter In
wio£ JJ he . . heavy recci Pts seen below, this
arrivals ££ l g bfeak the record '«'
arrivals. Some houses reported rather more
steadiness in Btrictly fine creamery, but o therl
quoted a congested and negleVted T market
Again, »ome*were buying from their neighbors
I?n^ P '. y thel T trade - whlle others wire
I iint" r i7 rplUs ? way ln the Rehouse, and so
It went. It was largely a case of stock^J
i Young America Cheese continued firm under
I weak. 8UPPUeS ' Wh " a flatS Were Pl«tl?ul and
h Th " d J l £ T ** alon in K*** continued, and some
th.i d , Id not< J uot eover 26c for the flnest ranch
of Sv. °t t h^i. r ?K? rt S d the P rev '^ quotauon
i » . ii thoush tn '8 "sure was realized only in
< a small way. Seconds sold down to 24c Store
were also quoted lower, as the Eastern are b£
U . ken l ? VTftern^. It would not tak#
ket a° P tn^ CB * f k Urther decMn « In «• m«!
Plow. are heavy and the demand is
Receipts were 113,000 lbs Butter 13*»a <•»«••
Eggs and 28,300 lbs Cheese. " u " er » 1325) cas * s
BUTTER-Creamery at first hands. 20«J21c
for extras and 19c for firsts; dairy lxai9e-
More Butter. 14016c;. Eastern creamery Hurt
20c: Eastern, ladle-paeked. H01SUc"7ir ib*°
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Peaches ! n 8mal i bo:ce- w#re
™n« er J^ n ,K USUal and P rIce » had a wTder
range, with the top quotation an extreme for
D S? '»SS 0^'^^y pScke'd'forshfp
nlv »m? ,«m V t0 °- wa " ln sup
ply and sold at lower rates on the wharf
Pe ?" were al »«<Jant and weak de
spite liberal purchasing by the canners who
r«T e Payln? «0 per ton for thetert No?
and 35050c per box for No. 2 RecelDt* of
ce« I of a th 6 r d^» ed ', Ing J arl ? ty ™^r^ex?
cess of the demand and prices of small pack
ages ranged lower. The Apple market was
heavily supplied and weak for the general ™
of offerings. Occasional lots of strictly fancy
well-packed Gravenstelna in 4-tle r boxes corn^
man v 6d **i S o? a11 P re mlum. but for the general
market $1 25 was an outside figure. At>ricots
were firm, with the canners pufchLing freely
at the previously quoted rates. T^eregular
trade paid as high as 3c per ponnd for small
parcels of selected stock, but there was haTdl"
enough business at that figure to warrant such
a quotation. Cantaloupes from the river tere
"l£ htI Xr 1 i ower UDder lncre ««'l "upplies. while
other Melons were steady. Grapes were plen
tiful and continued to drag owing to the poor
quality of the offerings. Ra«pben-i*» \nd
Blackberries were easier, with the bulk of the
receipts of the last-mentioned going to ped
dlers *t the minimum quotation. Loganberries
were firmer under decreased receipt* and
Strawberries, were steady. Figs sold at lrrejru
lax prices as to size of box. the top quotation
b«ine obtained only for one well-known brand
from the river. .Citrus and Tropical fruits
were In ample supply and quiet at previous
prices.
STRAWBERRIES— $106 per chest for Long,
worth and Alviso Berrlea and $2 60®4 for th«
larger varieties* .
LOGANBERRIES— $405 . per «hest.
BLACKBERRIES— $203 per chest!"
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per che«t "
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10©12%c per lb
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates 50®90c
in bulk. $35040 per. ton to canners and 2«*»Uo
per lb to the trade. . . - -W-»c
APPLES-r-$l@l 25 per box for fancy and
50®S5c for common to choice: Crab AnnUs
50«60c per small box. apples.
PEARS— Bartlett. 75090c for wrapped- In
open boxes 1 Oc0$l for No. 1 and 85®50o per
box for No. 2; Dearborn Seedlings/ 25®30o
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 894c: threw
half barrels. 8%c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
Sc; five tierces. 7 Tic per lb.
Dullness la the rule everywhere and prices
slsow no change. Private wires from Chicago
yesterday said: "The strike was resumed at
the stock yards this morning, the men refusing
to work with non-union men already employed.
This throws the whole matter open again and
leaves the market In the condition of the Dast
week.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10c per lb for
heary. 10%c for light medium. 12%c for light.
13%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Haras, 12%e; Mess Beef, $10*910 60 per bbl:
extra Mess. $116 11 50; Family. $12®12 60:
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $21: Mess
$17 50; Dry Salted Pork. ©14c: Pig Pork. $24;
Pigs* Feet. $3; Smoked Beef. 14e per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6<88%e per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels pure,
»%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; B-lb tins. 9%c: 3-lb tins,
10c.
Provisions.
{ CHICAGO. July 22.— Under the Influence of
comparatively weak cables and Improved
! weather conditions there was heavy selling of
wheat at the opening. Initial quotations were
at a considerable decline, September being
down %@%c to %®%<S at SS%c to SSVic. The
lower prices brought out a liberal demand
from pit traders, causing a fair advance, Sep
tember going up to SS%@SSftc within the first
fifteen minutes of trading. The bullish senti
ment, however, eoon gave way to weakness as
a result of a number of bearish crop advances.
I The report of a local crop expert and that of a
1 St. Louis' trade Journal there were favorable
1 for a good harvest. The fact that the arrivals
of new wheat aro on the increase and that tho
demand for the cash article is on the wane
accentuated the declining tendency. Foreign
advices also were of a less pessimistic tenor,
departments of the day ! tending to dissipate
) all fears of anglo-Russian complications. The
volume of trading was not eo heavy ae It has
been recently. Largo houses that have been
liberal purchasers offered only moderate sup
port. As the session advanced prices continued
to decline until Spptember had reached 87%c.
A flight rally occurred before the close "on
-covering by shorts. Final figures on,Septem
ber were at BTKOCTftc. July sold between 94c
and OCc and closed at 94%c ¦ -
The break in wheat and estimates for lib
eral receipts to-morrow were.. re.si>pnslble . for
a weak corn market. The market closed at a
trifle above the low point. September opened
a ehado to UfUc lower at 49%c to 49%c, sold
down to 4i>l*iC and closed at 49»4<g-49i4c.
Influenced by the weakness of other grains
sentiment in the oata 'pit was bearish. Sep
tember opened MCMc lower at 33%@33%c
; ranged, between 32%c and 33%c and closed at
I «&Hc.
i. me resumption of the strike at the stock
j yards dominated trading in • provisions. The
¦ volume of business was extremely light and
I prices showed only slight change*. Liberal
j receipts of hog» and lower prices at the yards
\ were bear factors. September pork closed with
; « loss of 5c. lard also was down 5c and ribs
were off 7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article?— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
! July, old 95% 87 95% 95%
: July, new B5U o« 94 94114
! September, old. M>% 89% 89 SOU
September, new SSVi SSH 87% 87%
Corn No. 2 —
July ..' 49T4 49?* 41> 4flU
.September 49%. 40% 49% 40%
December 46 . 40 45% 45%
May .........:. 35?(i 35H 34% 34%
July r,f)% 39 vs 39% 39%
September 83% 33% 32% 331,
December 33% G3% 33}i 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl. — •
July 12 72% 12 82% 12 72% 12 77%
October 12 77% 12 80 12 77% 12 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
July (J 82% 6 82% 6 SO 6 80
September 6 92% 8 92% 6 90 fi 90
October 0 87% 7 00 6 95 6 95
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs. —
July 7 35 7 .°»5 7 32% 7 32%
September 7 50 7 55 7 47% i 7 47%
October 7 55 7 57% 7 50 7 65
Cash Grain and Provisions.
' CHICAGO. July 22. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour,... st»ady;' No. 2 spring wheat
S»7Q98c: No. 3, 8SQ95c; No, 2 corn. 4j%c- No
2 Yellow, 51c; No. 2 oats, 40%®40%c; No 3
white, 38®43%c; No.2 rye, 75c"; good feeding
barley, 33tfj38c: fair to choice malting 42@50c;
No. 1 flaxfteed. SSI 17%; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 22; srime timothy^eed. $2 05; mess pork,
per bbl., $12 70@12 75; lard, per 100 ib».. S6 80
©« 82%: short ribs sides (loosp). $7 25@>7 37%;
short clear sl<les (boxed); $7 25(37 50;- whisky,
ba6ls of high wines,' $1 28; clover, contract
grade, $11 2J».
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ;...... -lft.200 13.600
Wheat, bushels , 19,000 20K00
Corn, bushels 220,000 194,600
Oats, bushels. ...159.500 ¦ 95.500
Itye. bushels .-. 2,000 . . 1,500
Barley, bushels 32,800" ....
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. z l.
. CHICAGO, July * 22.— On ' the Produca Ex
chrnge to-day the butter was steady
creamery, 18®17c; dairy. 12@15e. Eggs, steady
at mark, casea included, 14%@15%c. Cheese,
steady and easy, 7%@S%c,
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
2H per cent; »lx months. 3^@3^ per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3Vj@4 per cent;
sterling exchange firm, with actual business
- in bankers' bills at $4.8720<g4.8725 for demand
and at $4.M«5 for sixty-day bills. Posted
rates. $4 85^4 86. Commercial rates, $4 S4Va©>
Bar silver. 68 He.
1 Mexican dollars, 4.V-JC.
. Government bonds steady; railroad bonds lr
j regular.
"i New York Stock Market.
» NEW YORK. July 22. — The stock market
? was duller and more sluggish In tone to-day
L than for a long time pa;t. Add to this the ex
t cossivo irregularity of the movement all the
. day and the 'ntire uncertainty of the specula
, tive mood will be understood. The firm under
, tone which has continued manifest since the
I hf-sitation in the advance first developed was
, | still ixrctptible. This was partly due to the
j sustaining influence of a number of str&ng
features in Cie market. The crisis in the re
, lations b.-:ween the British and Russian gov
, ernments has oil influence on all markets, and
may be expected to have until it is definitely
i disposed of. Our wheat market was under the
! Sfrn'r 0 !" 1 ,^ Question, but shared with the
• tRaivr weather in the Southwest, which ulti
mately weakened wheat. The opening advance
str.ke. The discontent among the New England
cotton workers and rumors that threatened
trouble among operatives displeased with the
treaHMRt gave the labor quegtlon some added
influence upon the sentiment. The argument
v •f,V 1 » , r< l. that *. hc I"^""^ of the Russian
i rr\ h. k f FI" 8 " 1 ™ 0 I" the Pacific Ocean
rr.lKht bring it into touch with some American
wer shipments for Jai)an. The Pacifies and
. ht. I aul resr at one time. The demonstration
! in these was not very convincing, and the ad
, vances were not held. The forecast of the
currency movement indicated that no effect
nay been produced in the street by the re
v.val of business In the Interior With the
gam on subm-asury operations an Increase in
cash reserves is indicated In an amount up
, wards of S'j.OW.OWf. Rates for call loans in
dicate a redundancy of day-to-day funds But
the time loan market is called steady. Foreign
exchange also advanced again to-day In re
epons.? to the hardening discount market in
London. A la.t* :irofit taking movement left
little of the day'fc gain, but the closing was
telrly steady.
Bonds weie irregular. Total sales, par value
?..4ir,,oO0. United States bonds were un
, changed on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— • Sales. Hish..' Low. Close.
Atchison 24,000 7»*i 7g-% TKt4
Atrhiscn pfd 800 97 06^ W%
Bait & Ohio ...... 5.300 S5U 84^ 85
Halt & Ohio pfd „ 04
Cai.a<lian Pacific... 3.400 124»i 12t " l°4li
Central of N J . . . yoO 1«5 - 164 It4
Cbeaap & Ohio ... 400 34' 34 33%
CM & Alton 1,000 U'i'i 39*4. aai!
Ch; & Alton pfd ;. . S9
Chi Sc. G Western.: 700 ii% u*. us:
Chi & Northwestn. aiJO 180>a 179 170
Chi Mil &: St Paul. 14,100 14S s i 147^1 i jv
Ch; Mil & St P pfd .*...! 179
cm Term &. Trans. 200 6*4 6V4 6
<ht Term & T pfd. 100 14Vi 14S 14»i
C C C & St Louis .... 741?
Colo Southern. 100 14U UV. 141^,
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 49 '49 48 M,
Colo South 2d pfd 201I
Del & Hud-on 300 161 U Id" 161
Del Lack & West 2«5
Denver &RG ...'. 21 V*
I>enver & R G pfd .... 72
Er 'e 5.600 25-4 25^ 25U
Erie Ut pfd l,!)O0 02% 62U 62Vi
Erie 2d pfd 6W 3S^i 3S^i 38 U
llockir.g Valley .. 100' 67% 67% 67%
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 81 Vi SI 79 "a
IlIinoiK Cer.tral ... 300 137 U 137 137
Iowa Central , 700 J0^ 4 19 19
I««a Central pfd ' 30
K C Southern .... .... .... .... 'ixy,
K C Southern -pfd. „... 43}4
Louis 4: Nash SCO 1178! HfiiZ 117'
Manhattan L ..'... .... ..... .... 151
Metropolitan Secu... .600. S7i£- • SC»i 87
Mftropolitan St Ry 1,700, 116%* 116' 116U
Minn & St Louis.. ...... ' 45
M SP & Sit Ste M 2,100 73 70% 72
II BtPABltSUM pfd 1.000 12S 127 127W
Missouri Pacific .. 12,500 1>4% WW. 94
Mo Kan & Texas.. 100 1S% IS'1 13
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 1,300 41Vi 4O'I 41
N R B of Mex pfd * ./* s 6 *;
N Y Central 1.2<i0 1191^ 119 h<ju
Norfolk & Western 8,800 C2% 01% fi*»
Norfolk & V/ pfd °* 87
Ontario & Western 3OO 31 soii 3054
Pennsylvania 25.200, 121% 120% 121
Pitts c c & st l 7 * Jji:
Reading ... .::... 45,700- 54V4 53% 63^4
P.eading 1st pfd... 200 S3 4 ¦ 83% 83
Hfading 2d pfd n esw
Itork Island Co... B.700 23% = ' 22ti 23
Ilrrk Inland Co pfd 1.000 «;<> fi',5 e',«4
f-i L & S F 2d pM. 1.600 M 5014 50??
Sr I^uis S V^ .... 100 1.1V4 1314 13*4
St Louis S W pfd. 3fW> 33 1^ :«% g|2
P«-uth«>rn Pacific .. 26.700 h\% SOijt gisj
Southern Railway. 1,400 21^ 24U 24it
Southern Ry pfd gt;«
T*>:ax & Pacific... »00 25^i zkil oiij
Tol Ft L & West... 100 2«% 2VK Zii7
Tol Bt L & W pfd. 100 SHy, 38V4 SHii
Union Pacific 40.400 07*4 90% 971!
Union Pacjfic pfd. 700 Diy* 94 »4
Wabash . jf
%\ahash pfd 800 36V4 35^4 36U
W & Lake Krle ,..'. l!l
Wisconsin Crntrol. 100 -18 18 V¥ ¦
Wlseon Cent pfd ........... 39 :
Mexican Central .. 1,200 S% ' 0V4 9%
Kxprees Companies — '¦' •- •
Adams •...., -.i». ••¦,... 225 *
Anr-rlcan •...»",.. 200
I'nitei States -".... .'...108
W«"llf!-FarRo .... •..,. 204
Miscellaneous — ~ , ¦
AtBA'cam Copper.. 22.<00 B2>i B1»J' B2U
Am far & Fdy.... 600 18% 18U 1SW
Am Car & Fdy pfd 100 78% 78% ' 77
Am Cotton Oil ,... . 67
Am Cctton Oil pfd ' 88
American Ice 400 7% 7% 7%
American Ire pfd.. 1,300 28% 28ft 29V*
Am Linsped Oil ... u
Am Lin Oil pfd .-*.-"¦ 26
Am Locomotive ... 100 21 T4 21% 21%
Am Jyocomo rfd... 300 87 86% .83%
Am Smelt & Rfg..*2,«00 67% R7% 57U
Am Fm & Rfg pfd. 300 09 ftgg es^J
Am feugar Hfg 1,700 129% 129% 129=2
Anacon Mining Co. 400 75 75 74
Bronk Rap Transit. 15,600 . fS2tt 51% 52
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.400 35% 84% 34^4
Consolidated Gas • J934?
Corn Products .... 100 12% 12% 12%
Cftrn Products pfd. . 43
Distil Securities .. joo "21%" 21% 21«
S- E^; >«*««*
rnle^ r r P u f m p -.: ..f 6 ™* g %
Int Pump pfd .; ""* »"" '~<>tjL
National Lead 400 "22% "^ii 21 «
North American .. 200 89 so Bn2
Pacific Mall 200 27 27 20%
People'* Gas 600 100% 100V4 lmv.
Pressed eteel Car.. 1.400 33?i 82% m H
Pressed 6t Car pfd 100 76% 76% L
Pullman Pal Car .* 0?i -I?
Republic Eteel .... 000 7% "7*/ i%t
Rep fctee! pfd 1,400 44U 42% : 44
Rubber Goods .....' ..* *"'* *;„
Rubber Goodn pfd "" ig'*
Tenn Coal &.Iron.. 6,200 41% inii 41 it
U S Leather 800 7% 71? 4v
T7 8 Leather pfd... ...... .... 7 * -I**
U 8 Realty 200 48^ 4 8U igU
TI 8 Rubber 800 10% jovt lou
V 8 Rubbv pfd... -400 77 Tt r« %
U S 12,600 12% 11% tS
TT 8 Stettl pfd 11,300 '63 61 K fan.
Wectinghonse • Klec- ; ' ; ' ... 150^
Western^ Union ...,_« 300 .88U 88% 88
•PotaT «ate« 412.500 ehares.
UNITED" RAILROADS OP SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK, . July 22,— Bond transactions
of the" United Railroads of San Francisco wer«
$5000 at $82 «7% and f5000 at ?S2 87%7. „
ATI descriptions remain as before qnoted and
the market is quiet. Mail advlcea from -New
York say of Figs: "New erop California fig*,.
like the Imported fruit, are not betr.g taken
hold of by buyers with any marked degree of
Interest and there Is an easier undertone to th»
market. Some sellers are now offering Sep
tember shipment at 52*40 for standard, 55c for
choice and 57%c for fancy."
FRUITS — New crop — Aprlcota. T%COVjCj
Peaches, S»i67yjc per lb; rigs, 2-crown bricks,
62 lie: 3-CT0wn. B5c: 4-erown, 65c; 8-crown,.
75c: bulk white, i^QZ^c: black. 4c. Old crop
—Evaporated Apples, 6&@7Vac per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2®2Kc for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1903
rrop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows : 50-lb bores— Loose Muscatels. 4-erown,
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4 Vic; 2-crown, 4c; Malaga.
loose, 3-crown. 4e; 2-crown, 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3Vjc; aeedless
Muscatels, 3^c: do floated. 3>*c; Seeded Rats
lns. 16-ox cartons, fancy, 5Vjc: choice. SVic;
12-oa. cartons, fancy. -*Sc: choice. 4%e; la
bulk, fancy. 5%c; choice, 5c: Imperial clus
ters. $3: Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $2; London,
Layers. S-CTOwn, $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13t4JJ14c:
No. 2, HVi«12c; No. 1 hardshell. UOtt^c;
No. 2. llSUVjc; Almonds, HV4c for Nonpa
reils. IIVjO for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 0'4c for Languadoc; Peanuts &97o for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanata. $4 50^5.
HONEY — Comb. HH®12Hc for white and
lOQlle for amber; water white extracted, 6^
6c; light amber extracted. 4ft©0c; dark. 3Vi
©4e.
BEESWAX-«7©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits Jtfuts,RaisinsJloney.
per small box er basket and 73$90e for open
boxes.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 40*9650 : lairs open
boxes, *3c@$l; baskets, 40^65c
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 40(^T3c per crat»
and 25^40c per box; In bulk. 1-0 per ton.
FIGS— $1 C0©2 50 per box.
MELONS — Cantaloupe*, crates trom Ui*
river. #252 25; from other sections. $1 23«2;
Nutmeg Melons from the rtver. $1®1 50 per
box; Watermelons. $1#3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Seedrws. 75c®$I per box or erate;
Fontalnebleau. SOfg-TSc per crate; other varie
ties, $lftl 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges $1 50©2 SO per
box for Valenclas and $1 Z&9X 50* for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons. $2 25@2 75 for fancy.
$1 ifygl 75 for choice and USJ1 25 for stand
ard; Grape FtTilt. $1*J1 50: Mexican Limea.
$ Iii4 50 per case; Bananas, j $1 23+J2 50 per
bunch for Central American and tlQ2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 50®2 SO per dozen.
Fine i ranch Eggs are cheaper this week
owing to the heavy Influx of, Eastern goods
Into the market, but the lower grades are un
changed. Butter stands the same as quoted
last' week, but lower prices are expected before
long, as wholesale rates have a downward ten
dency. ; •
Fruits and Vegetables are abundant and :
prices show considerable revision. Nectarines
and Crab Apples are . added to the list of
fruiU.
Poultry and Game have changed but little
and Meats and Fish are still selling' at the
familiar quotations.
COAL. PER TPN—
Wellington .$ — ©10 00 New
Seattle $— @ 8 50 Wellington f— C10 00
Roslyn ...... $— @> 9 00 Wellington
! Richmond . .$— & 9 50 Nut $— & 8 CO
i Greta $— <3 9 00 Coos Bay . . .$ — ® 7 50
\ DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.—
Butter. cholce,eq.40®45 Eggs, per doxen -
Do good .....30<@;J5 Ranch 30032%
Do packed, lb.— @25 Common ....22-Va ®2a
Cheese, Cal 10@15 Honey, comb. lb.l5@20
Cheese Eastern. 20^25 Do extracted .. SglO
Cheese. Swiss . . .25@35|
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.75c<£I$l| Ducks, each . ...65c©$l
Do small .. ..50®t>0jOeese, each... — ©$1 50
Young Roosters, Goslings $1 75@i!
each 75r@$l Pigeons, pair ... — ©50
Old Roosters.' ea.50<565 Squabs, per palr.50©«0
Fryers, each ....50@75 Wild Doves, doz. — ®$1
Broilers, each... 25fif50| Rabbits, each . .20©25
Turkeys, per lb.25@27|Hare, each ;— ©25
MEATS. PER POUND —
Roast Beef. 1 Mutton Chops . . . — ©15
choice cuts . .15@20|Pork Chops .... — ©15
Do plain ...,10@12%|Veal Cutlets ....15@l!i
Roast Veal . .12 %@15 Corned Beef ....—©8
Roast Pork . ..12%ifl5 Beef Stew 8@10 !
Foreqtr Lamb. — @ 12 % Mutton Stew ...5©s!
Hindqtr Lamb...— @15i Veal Stew 10@12% !
Foreqtr Mutton.. SiilOSoup Meat ...... 6<glO ;
Leg Mutton .... — @10|Soup Bones . ... 4'ff —
Tndrloin Steak.12u.ei lfiJHams 15@16 i
Portrhse Steak. ,1S@2O| Bacon .15©20i
Sirloin Steak.. 12%«H5! Pork Sausage.. 12%®15
Hound Steak ..10® 12% | Chipped Beef ...2C@—
Lamb Chops 15@20|Lard ...12Vi©—
FRUITS AND NUTS—
AHIgtr Pears, ea,2O@23| Limes, doz 10@15
Almonds 15020 Lemons, doz 15@30
Apple* 4© 8 1 Loganberries.
Apricots, 1b .... 4@ 6| per drawer ...3O@35 i
Blackberries, per | Nutmeg Melons.ea 6@10
drawer 20@30| Nectraines, lb . , — @8
Crab Apples, lb. '.it? 6|Oranges. choice. dz2o$iuO !
Cranberries qt.. — @25 Do common ir.1t 20 '
Cherries, lb 15<820 Peaches lb .J...40 8
Currants, lb .:.. — @10 Plums, lb ....... 3@ 5 I
! Cantaloupes, ea.l5#30| Pears, lb ....... S@ 5]
Pecans — 4?20| Pineapples, each.25@50
Brazil Nuts ... .2C@—| Raisins, lb .. 10@15
Bananas, doz . ..25@35I Raspberries, per
Cocoanuts, each. — ©loi drawer .40@S0
Figs, dried, lb.. C01OI Strawberries,
• Do, fresh lb-.lS^Oi per drawer 20@40
Grape Fruit, dz.75ci?$i; Walnuts, per lb.l5®2O
Grapes, lb . ,.12%@15| Watermelons, ea.20@40
Huckleberries, lb.— ®15i
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus, lb.. 100 12V. ) Leeks, dz bunch. 15® 20 I
Artichoke*, doz. SOSH'OI Mushrooms lb..50c@$l
Beets, dozen 10<y— I Onions, per lb... — @ 3
Beans, whlte.lb. 6<it — lOkra. dried, lb ..20® —
¦Colored, per lb. 5® — I Do, green, lb.. — ©15
Dried Lima, lb. r>« 6| Potatoes, per lb.. 2& 3
Green Lima . .10@12»£i Parsnips, per dz.l5H20
Cabbage, each .. 6<310| Radishes, dz bch.15020
Celery, head ... 5©10| Rhubarb, lb .....— #3
Cress, dz bunch.15® — ISajre. dz bnches.25@ —
Cucumbers, doz. — @10| String Beans, lb. S@ 8
Garlic fiO 8i summer Squash,
Green Peppers.lb 5@10| per lb — ©2H
Dried Peppers ..10«r20i Spinach, per lb — @ 5
Egg Plant lb. . . 5® 6 Thyme, dz bnchs.25££30
Green Peas, lb.. Wri< 8 Turnips, per doz. — CJ15
Green Corn, doz. 15@3O Tomatoes, lb .... 6@ 6
Lettuce, per doz.l5@30|
FISH— j
Barracouta — <j?15! Rockcod — ©15;
Carp 10^12U]Sea Bass — @15 1
Catfish — @12>4 Smelts — 015 |
Codfish — @12%| Soles 10@15 ,
Flounders 10P — | Skates, each ..».10<gl5l
Halibut 15® — i Squid — €10
Herring SffllOJTomcod 1C0— {
Mackerel — (f? — Turbot 200— j
Do, horse ....15@ — Trout — 075 ;
Rockflsh ...... — ®12H Whlteflsh ........10@ —
Salmon, fresh ..15®20 Clams, gallon ..CO® —
Do. smoked ..15®25 Do hardshell, lb 8010
Sardines ..' 100 — Crawfish ..; — iff — '
kSbrimps .... — @ — Crabs, each . . .12^623 i
Shad 10® — Mussels, lb . ..'.12H91.1 |
Striped Bass ...15®20! Oysters Cal, 100.40©50
Perch ..lftft—] Do Eastern. dz.30@4O i
Pomplno — @50( j
Aero York stocks irregular. Cotton lower.
Business on the local Stock Exchanges still dull.
Insignificant changes in Exchange and Silver.
Wheat and Barley markets about as before.
Oats advance slightly. Corn and Rye quiet.
Excessive receipts keep Hay depressed. Feedstuffs steady.
Pink, Lima and Blackeye Beans still firm.
Potatoes weak, with free supplies. Onions arm.
Vegetable-market overloaded with most descriptions.
Poultry moderately active and cleaning up well.
Fresh Fruit market ivell supplied with seasonal sorts. '
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs still large.
Xc?v California Dried Figs easier in New York.
Provision market again under tlie strike influence.
Sheep and Lambs arriving freely from the north.
l/'ool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Lucol Oil marked up 2c per gallon.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cotton futures . closed * barely ' steady: July,'.
10.42c; August, 10.S5c; September. 9.84c: Oc
tober, 9. Sic; November, 9.55c; December, 9.59c;
January, 0.62c; February, 9.63c; March, 9.65c.
Spot closed quiet. 10 polnta-lower; middling
uplands. 10.00c; middling uplands gulf, 11.15c;
sales, 372 Bales.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— To-day's treasury
statement shows: Available cash balance,
$149,558,306; gold, $46,904,577.
N civ York Grain and' Produce. ¦
NEW YORK. July 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,300 barrels; exports. 19,900 barrels. Steady
but inactive. Winter straights, $4 50®4 75.
WHEAT — Receipts and exports, none. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red, nominal elevator and $1 07
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 09%
f. o. b. afloat. Options ruled weak all day and
materially lower, influenced by Increasing new
wheat receipts, less warlike news from abroad,
bearish home crop estimates . and favorable
Western weather. Active liquidation- ensued
and the market closed %@%o net lower. July
closed $101%; September 91%@92%c. closed.
92%o; December 00 11-16091 0-16c, closed 90%c.
HOPS^-Firm. • • • ' ¦¦:¦¦: ¦ j
.HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. ' '
PETROLEUM— Quiet. ;'
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady. The market for
coffee futures closed 6teady; net unchanged to 5 ¦
poDits higher. . Total sales were ,42,250 bags.
Including July. 5.85c: August,' 5.90c; September.
5.95c; December. 6.20@-6. 25c; -March, 6.50c;
May, 0.65c. . . ......
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged. • • " .
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues to reflect light offerings and rules firm
at recent prices. Common are quoted at 4@
4%c; choice at 6%<?6%c, and fancy at 7c. .
PRUNES— Remain quiet. . Quotations range
from ,2c. to 6*AiC, according, to .grade.
APRICOTS— Are attracting a light trade.
Choice, 9%<j?10c; extra "choice, 10>4@10%c;
fancy, at il®l3c.-- • <•¦ .-. ..,..,
PEACHES— Rernain unchanged, ' with choice
quoted at 7@7Vic;'extra. choice at 7%i3Sc, and
fancy at 0%®10c. ; • >;_:, m ¦_•,¦¦_¦_ .-_..
.. Ne?v York Metal Market. '" . .
NEW- YORK, July '22— Tin was again
active, and higher ax London, showing, as pre
viously: reported, a gain early in the day of
fully £1. The market closed firm at £123 12s
6d for futures and at £123 for soot. The
local n.arket .ali«o ruled firm, and was again
higher, closing at $27 25@27 60.
Copper wa» steady ana unchanged in the
local market. Lake is quoted at $12 62V>@ '
12 67%; electrolytic and casting, $12 37 "A®
12 CO. The London market was unchanged.
Lead was steady and a little higher abroad,
with spot quoted at " £11 15s in London.
Locally the market in unchanged at $4 80.- .
Spelter" advanced slightly in London, closing
at £12 6a. Locally the market la unchanged.
Iron in foreicn market unchanged. Locally
Iron was quiet at yesterday's advance. No. 1
foundry, Northern, is. quoted at $14 60@15;
No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $14@14 50; No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry, South
ern, soft, at $13 50@14.
I Family Retail Market.
THE „ SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, j, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 3904.
NEW YORK. July 22.-Clo»e: Money on
call. r*ry easy. %©1 per cent; dosing, offered
*t K. ©er cent.
Tim* money «**T; *lxtr and nicety days, 2©
New York Money Market.
Continued on Page Fourteen,' -.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£» AT AUCTION fe>
On MONDAY. July 23, at 11 o'clock.
At BRADLEY & SUGRC'S SALESYARD«V
. 61 HERMANN ST.. N«ar Valencia.
By order D. D. ARMSTRONG of Susanrllle
Lassen County. I will sell 60 HEAD of
CHOICE SOUND YOUNG HORSES, direct
from his ranch. Included ln this lot are sev-
eral well-matched teams of bays, blacks and
grays. This is a grand opportunity to get a
good sound horse at your own price. They are
trom 3 to 7 years old and have all been
handled and driven a few tinea and must"
positively be sold to the highest bidder.
- S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.When doctors disagree, drink Gilt Edge
Whiskey and let them fight It out. Wlchman.
Lutgen & Co.. 28-31 Battery it., B. F. •
MUSICIAN TRIES SUICIDE.— William
Dwyer a musician, recently from Tacorn*. at
tempted to take nl» We at 610 Geary street
y»ftrr<*ty by Oirkln* carbolic acid. His sud-
Crn transfer to tb» Emergency Hoepltal aavtd
Km UtK ¦ -~— y - — I
John Ristow, 1486 San Bruno ave
nue, obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of Wilhelm Thiemann on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses.
He alleges that Thiemann represented
to him on June 30 that he had in
herited money from his father's estate
and that a check for the amount was
Says He Was Victimized.
Mr Finlcy Peter Dunne, the famous
creator of the more famous Mr. Doo-
Icy, is now, without doubt, the highest
paid writer in the world. At a tre
mendoos expense, The Call has se
cured exclusive publication of a new
series of Dooley articles, which will
discuss public men and affairs during
tlie coming: year. The enormous pop
ularity of Poolcy justifies this unusual
outlay for a dally paper. There will
be one article a week and every ar
ticle will be close to the news. Doo
ley will discuss present day events. .
On the Political Situation in The Call
July 24.
3IR. DOOLEY DISCOURSES
A United States civil service exam
ination is announced for August 17
for the position of apprentice In the
assay, melting and refining and coin
ing departments of the assay offices
and mint service. The age limit is 18
to 24 years inclusive. Applications
will not be received from other than
graduates in metallurgy or mechanical
engineering and In chemistry from
technical schools of recognized stand-
Ing. Apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D.
C.,' for form 304 and special form,
which should be properly executed,
and, with the material required, filed
with' the commission at Washington
prior to the hour of closing^ business
on August VI. " ' ¦"" -' ' !
Apprentice Assayer Wanted.
Registrar Adams -yesterday Issued a
statement comparing . the registration
of 1902 and 1904 from January 1 to
close of registration for the August
primaries. This shows a slight falling
off for this_;year as against the regis
tration for ; the primary election two
years ago. The toal up to -August 2,
1902,; was . 51,726, while this year's
aggregate is 50.541.
Registration" Shows Decrease.
Forty blocks in the Potrero, bo it Is
currently reported, are about to pass
from the Potrero Land and Water
Front Company to a new owner. Rumor
says the party to come into possession
is the Western Pacific Railway Com
pany and that the. land is to be used
for a San Francisco terminal. Another
rumor is that the Southern Pacific
Company is back of the Impending
large transfer. Mr. fBartnett of the
Western Pacific Railway is out of the
city.
Southern Pacific officials pretend
ignorance of the "negotiations.
The forty blocks, are partly on the
slope back of the rope walk and partly
in the bay, extending as far south as
Butchertbwn. The slope is' toward
Kentucky street. J. B. Reinstein, who
is the attorney for the Potrero Land
and .Water Front Company, believes
that/the lands are going to the Western
Pacific Railway. --
Pending «ale to Give Western Pacific
. a Tract for Terminals Is
Rumored. .
FORTY POTRERO BLOCKS MAY,
CHANGE HANDS IN BIG DEAL
JIurray's Drive May Be Expensive,
Jack Murray, who drove away with
a horse, and buggy which he. found
standing at Jackson and Montgomery
streets, has been put in Jail on three
charges — drunkenness, driving off a
horse without- permission and petty
larceny. v The horse and vehicle be
long toll. A. Maher & Co. Murray
so abused the animal that if had to
be shot. The buggy was wrecked.
Drunken man, abused horse and de
molished buggy were found ditched in
a dyke out at. the Presidio.
"Wherever an American army passed In the
war with Spain," eald the observant man, "Its
pathway wa* clearly Indicated by a trail of
empty beer bottles. There were enougrb beer
bottles flung away along: the line of march In
Cuba, It seemed to me, to pave the streets of a
city the size of St. Louis. I found the same
condition in the Philippines, when I was sent
ever there later, and afterward In China, dur
ing th«» Boxer rebellion.
"It is always Interesting: to trace the growth
and spread of any custom affecting nations,
and I have devoted some attention to the beer
drinking habit. The German Immigration to
this country first created a demand for beer,
and its Importation was heavy. American
brewers kept improving their processes all the
time and Anally the Americans began to like
the drink. To-day our Importation of beer Is
almost nil. and we make beer that will com
pare with any In the world. .Take the A. B. C.
Beer cf th« American Brewing Company of
St. Louis, for instance. There is a beer, made
from the finest grade of hops and the choicest
barley malt, that is not equaled by any beer
made. Science and every sanitary precaution
enter Into Us make, th« result being a bever
age that is not only absolutely pure, but Is at
the fame time palatable and highly nutritious.
It poc«estes all the essential qualities of a
perfect beer. It Is the only beer that does
possess all these qualities, because It is the
only beer bottled exclusively at the brewery
by Its makers. It Is the work and methods of
such brewers aa the American Brewing Com
pany that has given American beers the com
manding position they now hold." .:•'•
Trailed by Beer Bottles.
Henry P. Conradl's family picnic on
the beach near the Cliff House on July
26, 1902, had an ending in the home
coming which he believes warrants
him in commencing suit in the Su
perior Court' against the United Rail
roads for $20,000 damages. Conrady.
who is a builder and contractor, and
five of his offspring dallied with the
surf and lolled in the sand at the pop
ular point where the Pacific moans
music to the dunes. After a day of
enjoyment the father and his flock
boarded one of the company's cars to
be conveyed to the corner of Frederick
and Stanyan streets. He declares that
he instructed the conductor to let
them off at the corner, but the trol
ley still buzzed at full speed. They
were riding on the dummy. It Is not
related that Conrady pulled the string
connected with the mechanism of the
conductor's register, but he, says he
pulled a rope to signal the car to stop
at the next corner and Immediately
thereafter he was smashed in the face
by the collector of fares. The assault
was so vigorous that, according to the
complaint, Conrady was knocked from
the car while It was going at high
speed. The plight of the" parent so
frightened the children that they Im
mediately tumbled from the dummy.
The father does not allege that any of
the infants were hurt, but avers that
he was so injured about the head that
he was prevented from attending to
his business and Is still unable to do
justice to his work. Therefore the
damages in the sum of $20,000 are de
manded.
House Builder and Five Children FaU
From Moving Car — Accuses
Conductor.
FAMILY PICNIC PARTY
ENDS IN DAMAGE SUIT
The principal items of value in the
Fleisher estate are hat stock, $25,
164 80; book accounts, $22,111 35, and
¦the property at Laguna street, near
Geary, $55,000. Fleisher owned sev
eral other valuable, pieces of real es
tate, two being on Bush, near Mason,
and one on Third, near Folsom, each
being worth in the neighborhood of
$12,500. #'M
Appraisements were reported to the
probate department of the Superior
Court yesterday upon two valuable es
tates, one, that of Clara Meyer, being
inventoried at $634,269 33, and the
other, left by Wolf Flelsher, the de
ceased hatter, was found to, be worth
$201,266 50.
\ Mrs. Meyer's estate consists of the
home at California and Gough streets
and a list of gilt edged securities, chief
of which are San Diego Gas and Elec
tric Company bonds, valued at 549,
000; Deutsche Reich Anleihe bonds,
$45,000; 160 shares of London, Paris
and American Bank, $23,200; 105
shares Bank of California, $43,575;
150 shares Alaska . Packers' Associa
tion, $20,250;465 shares Bank of Ne
vada, $34,875; 200 shares California
Powder Works. $25,000; 150 shares
First National Bank of'San Francisco,
$52,500.
Mrs. Clara Meyer's Home, and Securi
v ties Worth More Than Half Mil
lion — Hat Seller's Fortune.
APPRAISERS FIX VALUES
OX TWO BIG ESTATES
If was decided to meet in convention
four times a year,, the next meeting to
be held at Los Angeles on October 22.
Applications for membership should be
sent to L. H. Mertz, secretary, 223 West
Second street, Los Angeles.
The chairmen of. committees are H. C.
Ackerly, membership. Los Angeles; R. C.
Ayres, press, San Francisco; G. C. Barn
hart, auditing. San Francisco; R. A.
Read, programme, Los Angeles.
The officers, together with the chair
men of committees, constitute the execu
tive committee, which is to act as a
board of governors for the association.
A meeting was held in the Chamber of
Commerce last "Wednesday by the adver
tising men of the Pacific Coast, repre
senting the leading dailies, magazines
and commercial houses. An organization
was perfected, to be known as the Pa
cific Coast Advertising Men's Associa
tion. The purposes of the association
are to bring together the buyer, seller
and filler of advertising space in order
to thresh over the problems of advertis
ing and harmonize conditions generally,
to bring about a clear understanding of
advertising through the interchange of
ideas and to advance the best plans for
promoting the coast and her • products.
The deliberations of such a body would
be of sufficient importance to receive
general publicity and its results would
have weight in legislative and other
work. ,
The following officers were elected: H.
P. Stabler, president. Yuba City; L.. H.
Mertz, secretary, Los Angeles; L.. E. Sex
ton, treasurer. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Advertising Men's Asso
ciation Ready to Enter Upon
Its Duties.
ORGANIZATION COMPLETED.
Fine drives, cool air. wonderful^ hot xntuS
baths at Paso Robles. Firat-clasa tickets be
tween San Francisco and Lcs Anjiles. either
way. with two days' entertainment at Hotel
Paso Rohles. only $2i; children, 113 60. Privi
lege of thirty days' stopover. Ask Southern
Pacific agents. . •
Rest at Paso Robles.
Bewitching and artistic little Flos
sie Hope, the clever dancer, who de
lighted audiences at Fischer's Theater
when the Weber & Fields' plays v3re
first produced, is coming back to that
house when it puts on "The Whirl of
the Town" in about a fortnight. Since
her last appearance Miss Hope has
been traveling with the Casino Opera
Company, everywhere winning ap
plause and favorable mention. Her
manner is perfect and the grace that
makes her so charming on the stage
is not put off with .superb gowns. . She
is as bewitching off the boards as on
and as a dancer she has no superior
in America. Miss Hope likes San
Francisco, and, although she has had
many tempting Eastern offers, she will
remain indefinitely with Fischer's
Theater.
Suits for divorce were iiled yesterday
by Madeleine Caryl against Burton
Otto Caryl for neglect; May belle Bar
ron against Jack Barron, cruelty; Car
rie Berg against Benjamin Berg,
cruelty; Maria L. Ball against Charles
H. Ball, neglect and cruelty;. Lucy E.
Dykes against Hugh Dykes.S neglect;
Y/illiam Gustafson from Anna Gustaf
son, cruelty.
Divorces were granted by Judge Ker
rigan to Edward Iverson from Edith
L. Iverson, desertion; to Mary Gesvret
from Eugene Gesvret, desertion; to
Bertha J. Lester from Arthur Lester,
neglect; by Judge Troutt, to Elizabeth
Pachmayr from Max Pachmayr, de
sertion and neglect; by Judge Hunt, to
Lora B. Hill from Raymond P. Hill,
neglect. " In the latter case the husband
is a cigar clerk and his wife gave un
corroborated evidence that his cruelty
commenced two days after they were
married at Ix>s Angeles. May 11. 1903.
She left him on the 29th of the same
month.
Judge Sloss granted a divorce to Eva
Macon from McCord Macon on the
ground of Intemperance, neglect ana
extreme cruelty. Mrs. Macon testified
in the case last December and yester
day her evidence was corroborated by
Mrs. F. E. Hisel and Clarence McBride.
She was married to Macon August 12,
1902. On April 0, 1903, a girl baby was
born to them, and when it was 12 days
old the husband is said to have wrested
it from the mother's arms and without
her knowledge carried it out and left it
on the steps of a foundling asylum.
Mrs. Macon's mother and Mrs. Hlsel
recovered the infant from the institu
tion, but it died twelve days later.
OTHER FAMILY TROUBLES.
a month. She asks the court to award
her 5500 for attorney's fees, $50 for costs
and $150 monthly alimony pending the
hearing of the case. Her attorney is C.
F. Humphrey. j
on the way, but had been delayed
through an error in the spelling 1 of his
name. The German Consul here.
Thiemann said, had the matter tn
charge. On these representations Ills
tow gave Tiemann $130. Ristow Bays
that all these representations were
false.
Miss Hope of Weber
and Fields Fame
Is to Star.
PRETTY AND POPULAR LITTLE
DANCER WHO WILL AGAIN BE
SEEN AT FISCHER'S THEATER.
The decision was written by Chief
Justice Beatty, with whom Justices An
sellotti, Shaw and an Dyke directly
concur. Justice McFarland writes a
concurring opinion, in which, however,
he dissents from the view that the
Southern Pacific did give practically
the same service for the lower rate.
A substantial lowering of the rates should
net be a.Ufwed to pass unehall>»nged under the
disguise of limited tickets, and. on the other
hand, a corc>onuion which' merely meets a
lower rate trevlously established by a cora
r«*.lngr carrier rhould not be held to have low
ered it* rates for the purpose of competition
¦within the true meaning of that expression.
V.'e think the Judgment and order of the
Superior Court should be affirmed, not be
cause the rate was not lowered but because
It was not lowered for the purpose of compe
tition within the proper construction of the
constitution.
It w»« no cart of their design to punish a
corporation for merely lowtrtn* its rates in
Felf-defense, • • • And that la all that the
Southern Pacific Corajjany is found to have
done In this instance. It i» the corporation
which lowers its rates for the purpose of d*
rtroyir.g a rival tnat is the proper subject of
the penalty imposed by the constitution. • • •
DKAWS DISTINCTIONS.
Fcr the reasons and upon the ground stated
*.<? hold that the defendant, tj*: Southern Pa
cific CortiDany, did lower its Tate from $5 90
to J ; T5 within the meaning of the constitu
tion. But was the rate lowered for the pur
pces cf concreting with another common car
rier? • • " In the ordinary eense of the
¦wcrd r.o doubt the rat" was lowered for the
fiuriKJse of coraoetitivi • • • but if we
consider the tvident Intent of the provision
in Question, more cFj*-cIally if we consider
the circumstances and history of it» adoption.
It Is clear that the act cf the defendants was
not such as the framers of the constitution or
the people who adopted it had In view cr had
•my desire to punish. The whole object of the
provision was to foster legitimate competition
by preventing destructive competition. • • "
The court dissects the argument of the
railroad and holds that it is faulty. The
"limited" ticket gave first-class service,
but was good only on the day of sale,
g-ave no stop-over privileges and im
posed cor.ditions as to the amount of
baggage and the method of checking
it. The court says that in form the
railroad did not lower its $5 90 rate,
but as nineteen out of every twenty
persons traveled first-class on the "lim
ited" tickets and as all essential privi
leges were secured therewith, the fare
was really established for purposes of
competition.
On this point the court says:
DENIES COMPANY'S CLAIMS.
The company claimed that it had
never lowered its regular rate for the
transportation of passengers, and that
even if such had been the case the law
cited was in violation of the fourteenth
amendment to the constitution of the
United States. While the Southern Pa
ciSc maintained its 53 75 fare on "lim
ited" tickets it continued to charge
55 SO for an alleged different service.
"When the fight was over and the old
rate had been restored the company in
eisted that it had simply discontinued
an inferior service.
The Commissioners based their peti
tion on section 20. article XII, of the
constitution, which says:
Ar.d whenever a railroad corporation shall,
lor the imrjK-o c f competing n-lih any other
<«jnracn carr f lower its rates for transpor
tation cf »;as. .igi-rs- or freight from one point
to another, tuch reduced rates will net be
rjrain raised cr increased from euch standard
¦without the conrent of the governmental
authorities in which shall be vested the power
to reculatc far:s and freights.
In July. 1£9S. the San Francisco and
San Joaquin* Valley Railroad Company
had tracks .from Fresno to Stockton.
By arrangement with an Independent
line of steamers a through passenger
pervice was established from Fresno to
San Francisco and the fare was fixed
at $3 75. The Southern Pacific had a
rate of $5 90 for the trip from San
Francisco to Fresno, but on July 18,
189S, the fare oa "limited" tickets was
reduced to $3 75.
"When the rival road went out of ex
istence as an independent line the Rail
road Commission petitioned for an in
junction to prevent the Southern Pa
cific from increasing the rate again.
The Superior Court decided in favor of
the commission and the Supreme Court
reversed that decision. At the second
trial the Superior Court refused to
gTant the injunction sought by the com
mission, and the Supreme Court this
lime sustains the lower tribunal.
CONSTITUTION IS CITED.
The famous Fresno rate case was
decided in favor of the Southern Pa
cific Company yesterday by the Su
preme Court. Ii is held that the rail
road did not reduce the fare for pas
sengers In violation of the constitu
tion, as was alleged by the State Rail
road Commission. The law, it is said,
vras not obeyed literally, but the in
tent of its franiers was not disregard
ed. The dispute lias been In the courts
for about five years. The action was
begun by the Stale board to secure an
injunction against an increase in rates.
Argument of Commissioners
Based on the Law, Which
Is Held to Be Inappli
cable to Facts Alleged
She pleaded with him to get a cheap
coat and hat somewhere, but he would
not. He said he wanted to teach her a
never to be forgotten lesson on the
practical uses of memory. She argued
wiih him — told of the spectacle he
would make at home — but he said he
was willing to sacrifice his social stand
ing if he could make her remember not
to forget.
So that is why Dr. Cockrill of Peta
luma went home in his composite dress
with Mrs. Cockrill by his side, half
dead from mortification.
Then she locked the door and hurried
away — the note in the bedroom and
the key in the hall.
Smooth-faced and rosy-cheeked from
his ehave, the doctor came bounding
up the back stairs and found — or rather
he didn't find— Mrs. Cockrill and the
way Into the room. Here was a pretty
mess. The door was strong — strong as
some of the language he used. The
agent was afar, so his key was not
available, and the time was flying. He
must be at home that forenoon, and
moreover he had no breakfast, but he
could waive that. "Worse still,, his
pocketbook with his money was in the
room, though Mrs. Cockrill had her
own purse.
Nothing else to be done, he went
down to the barber and borrowed a
white jacket, red silk handkerchief
and carfare to the ferry — he would
breakfast in Petaluma. He was' an en
tertainment to the passengers on the
street car, who took him for a street
faker, and a source of worry to the
conductor, who whispered to the motor
man that they had a runaway crazy
aboard.
At the ferry he burst on Mrs. Cockrill,
who almost collapsed when that white
coat and red headgear showed up. The
harbor police came near arresting him
on suspicion of being an escaped luna
tic, but Mrs. Cockrill Interceded.
There is a shop immediately under
the flat which he had patronized sev
eral times — the proprietor of which
is a jolly, skillful, talkative
artist of the tonsorial guild. So, without
vest, coat or hat the doctor hurried
down the back stairs and through the
rear door of the barber's place and
dropped into a chair.
Mrs. Cockrill, up in the room pre
paring for departure, suddenly thought
of a package at a Market-street store
which must be procured before * they
left the city. She did not know where
the doctor was getting his shave. Time
was a premium, for ferry-boats, like
clocks and tides, wait for no one.
She must hurry away, but the
chamber door must not be left open,
as half of the doctor's wearing apparel,
with pockets filled with valuables, was
there. So she hastily wrote a note for
him. She said she would leave the
door key on the hat rack in the hall
and was careful to leave the written in
formation in a conspicuous place on the
bed, where he would find it when he
got into the room. She forgot that he
would not get the note or know how to
get into the room.
The Petalumans had been visiting
here for a week, occupying the flat of
friends who are now in the East, con
sequently the doctor and his wife had
the house to themselves. Early yester
day morning they arose and made
preparations to return home, intending
to eat breakfast downtown on their
way to the ferry. The doctor suddenly
remembered that he needed a shave,
and, not wishing to appear before his
Petaluma neighbors with an Esau-like
phiz, determined to seek a barber.
Dr. M. B. Cockrill, a well-known
physician of Petaluma, made the trip
home from" this city yesterday morn
ing In a costume that was a cross be-,
tween that of a waiter and a pirate.
Mrs. Cockrill was in a state of nervous
prostration from looking at him in his
odd habiliments. The big policeman
at the ferry almost collapsed when he
saw the composite appearance of the
doctor — but that is another story.
The suicide was born in Austria,
but most of his life was spent in this'
city.. He acquired a knowledge of
stenography and , typewriting at a lo
cal business school and entered into
the employ of Keithly five years ago.
He was a conscientious employe.
While a boy he met with a distressing
accident which necessitated the am
putation of his right leg below the
knee joint. Although he wore an ar
tificial limb most of his acquaintances
did not know' that he was permanent
ly crippled.
The family was too greatly prostrat
ed yesterday to make any announce
ment of the funeral arrangements.
Investigation developed that. Braun
was employed by E. A. Kelthly, an
agent of an Eastern firm selling
plumbers' supplies, who has offices in
the Rialto building. Keithly is absent
in the East. Braun was nominally
bookkeeper, but he temporarily man
aged the affairs of his employer.
On the body was found a copy of a
letter addressed to Eraun's employer
at a Chicago address lamenting in
strong terms the fact that Braun had
made a quotation for certain goods
below the accepted price. According
to the other employes in the office the
difference could not have amounted to
more than $150. Apparently the young
man sent the letter to his employer, of
fering to him for any loss
and for' three weeks has anxiously
been awaiting an answer. In pencil
on the back of the letter were deci
phered the words "Glad to die, so
don't worry." Yesterday he appeared
at the office shortly before the usual
time, opened the mail and not finding
any comforting reply from his em
ployer, went to his death.
Young Braun resided with his fam
ily, consisting of father, mother and
brother, at 384 Fourteenth street. The
father, Jacob Braun, is a route car
rier for two local papers. According
to him there was no cause for his
son's suicide ejxcept that he had evi
dently been perturbed in mind for
three weeks ar.d for a week had been
unable, to sleep. Neither he nor the
family nor any of the employes in the
office knew that a misquotation in the
price of goods had been made.
Disheartened by a mistake that
meant a loss of about $150 to his em
ployer, Carl Braun, a native of Aus
tria and aged 22 years, plunged into
the waters of the bay at 9 o'clock yes
terday morning from the Fillmore
street wharf. One hour later his body
was recovered.
W. S. Rogers, who lives at Devisa
dero and* Beach streets, saw a well
dressed young man dive into the wa
ter. He went to the rescue and waited
with a long pole to draw the man to
safety. The body did not reappear
and Rodgers secured the assistance
of W. J. Hickey and Matt Larsen, two
boatmen, who grappled for an hour
about the spot where the young man
sank and finally secured the body. On
his person Deputy Coroner Brown
found a watch engraved with the
name "Carl Braun."
Improper letters from women, who
signed only their Christian names "to
the clandestine correspondence, form
the basis of a suit for divorce com
menced yesterday by Jessie Ponton de
Arce against Stanley Ponton de Arce,
a salesman employed by Sussman,
"Wormser & Co., wholesale grocers. The
wife declares that her husband sends
"loving, intimate and improper letters"
to other women, and in their replies
they apply toward him the most en
dearing terms and indicate conditions
contrary to the sanctity of the mar
riage relation. He is said to have a
picture of one of the corespondents in
dorsed "Toujours Fidele," which is in
terpreted in the complaint as meaning.
"Always faithful or loving." A pic
ture of another woman is said to rep
resent one "almost nude."
*Mr&. de Arce declares that the sales
man is in receipt of an income of $300
IMPROPER MISSIVES,
TV. TV. Davidson, whose principal
practice iri the courts is in obtaining
decrees for other, people, was recently
sued for divorce by his wife, Nellie,
who charged him with mistreatment
and failure to provide. Yesterday he
filed an answer,' in which he not only
denies her accusations, but charges
that she deserted him in 1901. They
were married at Petaluma in Ifc79. Da
vidson goes further in his answer and
admits that his -income is more than
$300 a month and that he is able to pro
vide for his wife's wants. He says, too,
that they have lived under the same
roof ever since they were marrie^, and
recites that he furnished their, parlor
at a cost of J1200, the remainder of the
residence in proportionate style.
In conclusion Davidson declares that
he is willing to condone his wife's de
sertion, take her back and assure her
that he will treat her with kindness.
He will do more — he will open a" bank
account for her in any bank in this
city that she may select, give her a
passbook and. checkbook and deposit
$100 a month to her credit, if she ac
cepts the offer.
It develops that a divorce lawyer,
himself a defendant in a suit for di
vorce, knows how to show husbands
•accused of cruelty and neglect the
proper way for preventing a judicial
severance of marital ties.'
COMPANY INNOCENT
OF DISCRIMINATION
In His Striking Outfit
He Imparts Lesson in
the Uses of Memory
Drummer's Wife Found Let
ters From Other Women.
Suits and Decrees Filed
DOES IT TO TRAIN HER
LETTERS TO SALESMAN
Supreme Tribunal of State
Declares in Favor of the
Southern Pacific in Fa
mous Fresno^ Rate Case
Body Is Recovered From Bay
by Boatmen and Identi
fied by Father of Suicide
QUOTED PEICES TOO LOW
Divorce Lawyer Makes Offer
of Money and Kindness
to Have-His Wife Return
Carl Braun Plunges Into Bay
Because He Made a Poor
Contract for an Employer
Doctor Cockrill, Appears in
Queer Garb Because His
Spouse Locks Up Clothes
COURT SAYS
RAILWAY IS
GUILTLESS
TEACHES WIFE
NOT TO FORGET
ATONES LOSS
WITH A LIFE
WILL CONDONE
DESERTION
CLEVER GIRL
WILL DANCE
AT FISCHER'S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL',.. SATURDAY. JULY 23, 1904.
16
ITMjE'S. I RALE'S.
Saturday at Male's.
t*— Sale C. Curtin Stock — .
Starts Monday, July 25.
" Hole's zvill sell this entire stock desirable Dry Goods
At Nearly
Further news in Sunday's papers.
i _; O
School Teachers Are Specially Interested in These
New Fall Walking Suits.
They should be. We had them made especially for them.
The nobbiest fall styles of any fall yet, 1 and then we bought
enough of them to get. the maximum of good tailoring and the
minimum of low prices. Now see what it means to you.
Take the Suits at $22.50.
There are just two prices, and that's the highest. We "doubt
if you could get as good tailoring under $40, and we think you
would have to pay more.
Hard-woven fall suitings, coverts, cheviots and mannish mixtures.
One in particular: a striking suit with a welt seam jacket with box plaited
skirt made very fulL It's in the new English slate color; the coat has
a velvet collar. It's as plain as a maxr's suit and just as stylish- Then
there is a brown mixture at $22.50, but we. won't try to tell of every
style. We want you to see them. ~ : :.-, : v
Those at S16.50 are just as interesting and just as good values. We
haven't seen better lots of times under $25.00.
And remember they're the first of the new fall styles. We think
they are better than you will be able to get later. We know; we haven't
had such values before. But in spite of that fact we are going to make
alterations free on every one. Come and see them to-day.
Butter Scotch The Drug List
20c Instead of 25c Ib. Unusual Saturday Values.
That's candy news as good as Rubber gloves. 75c pair; made ex-
we care to print. It's that pure, pressly for Hole's stores; in -white;
wholesome, old-fashioned candy s j zcs 7 7^2, 8, 9 and 10.
made in the good old-fashioned ¦_- , ' . '"' * , fc __ WM ,
wav Vilcr* von wint it to think Woodland violet sea salt *3o bottta.
"f " Mf« f| p* «« a g??s&i£rjr* -^
when you eat xt. 20c instead of B^ y ram< 15o A fine cuallty; taport-
2 5c lb. ea .
Peppermint wafers, 20c It>. Extra Wood]and v! Ole t talcum powder. *0e.
CheXg SS a ff£ 5c. regularly 5c Tuscan face powder, 5c box. White or
package. It's Sweet Sixteen. It's the flesh,
new gum that is making such a good Powdered borax, 10c lb.
name for itself. Honey and almond cream. 40c bottle.
Excellent for the face and has da.
Best Glove neZCS yet. Bailey's tooth powder. 10c. can with
Silk Gloves at 25c. »*«-*•
Of silk taffeta, with two^ clasps, ' _- ««. m**
in black; white, gray and mode; <p»v M?/
sizes s l A to 7 l / 2 . 1200 pairs in all; -fiF*& ffi-+ ffi^ -TiFaR^
the very style gloves women want JEW Jft&J^z^ <^^*^^
most. It's a bargain six-store buy- OtfOP^*^
ing got and turns right on to you
to-day. 25c pair. Market . Street, Near Sixth.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Ma«ra st. Music by. the rreat Pan-
American .Quartet, - - •
FREE. FREE.
We are presenting to want ad-
vertisers In
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALIi
The round polished sliverless
WORLD'S) FAIR TOOTHPICKS
Put up in Estes' polished and
engraved turned wooden j boxes.
- BRING YOUR WANT ADS
TO.DAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RICH OR P00R-Y0U NEED TEETH
No one, old enough to know better, should
be neglectful of that most vital and useful
organ cf the human system — the teeth — the
very guards to the gateway of health.
SO1ODONT
TOOTH POWDER
should bs found en the toilet tablo of every
one, be he rich cr pocr. It will net tarnish
gold work not scratch the er.ameL A per-
fect dentifrice — tha one for you.
3 FORMS: LIQUID, POWDER PASTE.
SATUSDAT — M0SD1T — TUESDAY.
BUTTER. Best made, .square S.'c
COCOA. Lowney's can 20c
CREAM. Cal. Poppy.. 3 cans 25c
PINEAPPLE. Sliced.. 3 cans 23c
SAGO or TAPIOCA.... 7 lbs. 25c
LEMONS. Selected doz. lOc
CASTILE SOAP. Imp.. 2 bars 35c
SALT. Table 10 lb. sack 20c
CURRANTS. Recleaned.3 pkg. 23c
OYSTERS. Baltimore.. 3 cans 23c
CATSUP. Snider's..%-pt. bot. lOc
C.O.D. GROCERY CO., me.
JOHX ROBIXSOX. President
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Telephone rolsoin 316.
HELP
Your cook to give you a good
breakfast. Buy a coffee mill
and a tin of
Golden Gate Coffee
GOLDEL£aTF£ Grind it fresh
*CL J^s^ eac^ a y. — not
£^J532 to ° finc -
J. A. Folger & Co.
llilNlj Balsam !
; ; iTomotes the grtmtn 01 tHa hair and ! ¦
1 1 gives It the lustre asfl BtHrinrea ci yoctH i
( ' When the lialr Is gray or faded tt \
\ . BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR, g
\ \ It prevents Dandruff and Lair fanrng *
\ \ andfceepatne scalp clean and cealthy. \
[CARTERSl CTIEE SICK HEADACnB '
spiTTtE Genuine Musi Bsar
II pu? ? Fao-Simile Signature
MARKS BROS.
• • • £31 vJl • • •
OF
45c Crushed ]
Leather Belts :'25C
In Red, Tan. Brown and \
Black. Special at ... j
Leather Bags
Remnant Lots at tremer.dous reduc-
tions for to-day's selling.
50c Children's 1 nc
Peggy Bags r 0 DC
All colors. Special at. .J
$1.50 Carriage Bags 1 7Cn
Braided handles. To close f I Jli
at J ,
Remnant Lots Neckwear Novelties
Marked for quick clearance at
250,35c, 50c, 75c and $1. 00~
Every Neckwear Novelty is worth double.
I5c Louisine 1 Per yard
Waeh Rihhnn a
wasn niouon t- tin
Heavy cord edge, 4 inches |J Ii
wide, four choice io-day
35c Satin
Taffeta Ribbon -9f)p
In pretty polka dot pat- fcWU
terns, 4 inches wide; per
yard . . . •
35c Children's Bicycle'
Ribbef School Hose I On'
Double heel, toe and knee. I W U
The kind that wear like
iron. . Special at ....
73c Woman's French]
Lisle Low Neck Sleeve- [n 0«
less Vests j *r 0 u
In all colors, at J
$1.25 Women's Swiss]
Ribbed Wool Mixed lOQp
Long Sleeve Vests Oub
All colors. Reduced to . ->
35c Tuxedo Mesh Veils] * q
1'/2 yards long, in all the - I M j|
seasonable shades. Clear- ¦ V U
ing sale price ... • •
$1,00 Automobile Veils
3 yards long, made with '. C fl ft
neat hemstitched border, j H Ii I,
in any color you wanU\ WW
Special at ....... j
Marks Bros.
The Home of Honest* Values.
1220-1222.1224 MarKct St.