SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Supply of Ribbon In Exposition City
l» Exhausted and Order is Sent
to New York.
ST. LOUTS, July 19.— An official bul
letin issued to-night by the World's
Fair press bureau follows: "The
makers of the gold yellow California
badgres have found it necessary to send
to New York for a fresh supply of rib
bon to supply the demand. Over 4000
yards of the ribbon have been used and
It was Impossible to procure more in St
Zxmi* I
CALIFORNIA BADGES
POPULAR IN ST. LOUIS
Mexican Pavilion Is Damaged to Ex
tent of $3000 and Inmates Are
Panic-Stricken.
ST. LOUIS, July 19— The Mexican
national pavilion was struck by light
ning to-day during a severe storm &t
the World's Fair grounds.
A large number^pfvisitors were in
the building when the storm broke.
The flagstaff and cupola surmounting
tii«* pavilion were destroyed, but the
building did not catch fire. The dam
apre is' estimated at $3000.
There was considerable excitement
among those in the building, but the
visitors' fears were quickly allayed fcy
those In charge of the building
LIGHTNING STRIKES FAIR
BUILDING AT ST. LOUIS
DENVER, Colo., July 19.— Positive
proof that the train robber who was
killed on Divide Creek June 9 last was
not the notorious bandit, Harvey Lo
gan, has been obtained by an examina
tion of the body. The convincing
mark of identification on which the de
tectives relied was a scar on the right
wrist, caused by a gunshot wound
known to have been inflicted several
years ago. The dead man's wrist bears
no such mark.
Authorities Have Proof That Man
Killed in Colorado Was Not
Notorious Bandit.
DEAD TRAIN ROBBER
IS NOT HARVEY LOGAN
Dr. Sylvester J. Byrne, registrar of
vital statistics for Brooklyn, said that
from noon on Monday to the same hour
to-day the department received reports
of eighty deaths. The average for this
time of year is about seventy. Many
of those who died, he said, were chil
dren or aged and weak persons, who
easily succumbed to the extreme heat
In the tenement districts of Manhat
tan many infants were to-night re
ported in a critical condition. Every
living creature in the city suffered.
Scores of horses gave out during the
day and wherever men or women were
required to do any kind of hard labor*
Indoors or out, their suffering was In
tense. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon
the mercury stood at 93 above zero
on the roof of the Weather Bureau, but
down In the street, where the eun was
felt and where breezes did not reach,
it was seven or eight degrees higher.
Uptown at that hour the registered
temperature was an even 100 degrees.
At intervals all day fresh breezes
were wafted through the heated streets
and greatly relieved the severe burn
ing of the sun. The humidity, too,
was - much less than on Monday and
that made the strong heat more en
durable. Thousands swarmed Into the
parks and every spot along the water
front wfiere bathing was permitted was
thronged with men and boys until a
late hour. In all the downtown parks
the police permitted the benches to be
used for beds and hundreds of weary
bodies spent the night there under the
trees.
Hundreds of babies and small chil
dren were taken to the floating and
seaside hospitals for relief. A floating
hospital goes out of the city each day
and to-day there were twice as many
little patients as could find passage.
Every bed at the Seaside Hospital is
occupied.
CHICAGO, June 19.— The hot wave
gave way to cooling breezes to-day.
The temperature averaged 10 degrees
lower than during the past two days.
Moderate summer weather is the fore
cast. . - ,
Reports from the Bureau of Statis
tics to-night showed that in Manhat
tan the number of deaths during the
preceding forty-eight hours was much
larger than the average during the
heated term, while In Brooklyn the
number of deaths more than doubled.
NEW YORK, July 19.— Twelve
deaths, six of which occurred in Brook
lyn, with scores of prostrated persons
taken to hospitals, was the record of
the Intense heat in New Tork City to
day. Hundreds of adults and children,
whose names were not on the records
of the hospitals, were in a critical con
dition, and it is likely that to-morrow's
death list will be much larger than
that of to-day, unless the weather mod
erates.
Temperature of San Francisco yes
terday: Maximum, 66 degrees; mini
mum, 52 degrees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Infants Crowd the Hospitals and the
Parks Become Great Gamps
at Night.
The Bcale was at first believed to be
a Joke. The miners' officials conferred
with him and obtained a partial modi
fication, but still with a 16-cent reduc
tion.
When it became apparent that a
strike of large proportions, one that
would stagger the industry and one in
which human life might be lost, was
Inevitable, an exodus to Christopher,
a small town six miles distant, was be
gun. In one place a new city has been
established. It is composed of tents,
but M. J. Turner has been elected
Mayor and all minor officials have been
sworn In. Here it is that the miners
who are fighting Leiter will make their
campaign headquarters.
The town is only a short distance
from the atocka.de and it is the belief
that the struggle will result In an out
brak In which human life and property
will greatly suffer.
Leiter has constructed one of the
most modern coal shafts in the United
States. His interests are at present
more than a million dollars. Just as
soon as his mine was ready to open,
when he thought that 8000 tons of coal
could be hoisted daily, Leiter issued an
ultimatum to the men which was a
reduction of 18 cents a ton in mining.
Leiter's troubles with the coal min
ers reached its first serious point on
July IS, when 150 strikers and their
families were evicted from their
homes in Zeigler. The men had de
fied the owner of the property and he
in turn declared that he would recog
nize no union rules that interfered
with his own way of conducting his
business.
The stockade, when completed, will
be a formidable affair. It is now near
ly finished and when the last nail is
driven the great fence will be sur
mounted by live electric wires. The
electrical charge in the wires will be
sufficiently strong to stun an ordinary
man, but not strong enough to kill.
CARBONDALE, 111.. July 19. — In
his war with the union miners in his
coal camp at Zeigler, Joseph Leiter
has established what is practically a
principality or feudal estate. Seven
thousand five hundred acres of coal
land are owned there by Leiter and
the entire tract is now being inclosed
by a stockade. No person is permit
ted to enter Zeigler without a permit
from Leiter. and twenty-five telephone
.stations have been established around
I he place. These are in charge of
arme<3 detectives from Chicago and if
a daring: man or woman is rebuffed
at one point alarms are sounded on
all the telephones and armed-detec
tives are immediately on the alert to
sstop the trespasser.
BpecUJ Dispatch to The CaU.
Great Fence Erected by His Order Is
Surmounted by Lire Electric
Wires.
Scores of Prostrations Due
to tne Intensity oi
Sol's Rays.
Armed Detectives Are on
Guard to Keep Out
Strikers.
Death List in New
York Increases
Daily.
Letter's Mine District
Now a Feudal
Estate.
HEAT KILLS
AGED FOLK
AND BABES
STOCKADE
SURROUNDS
COAL CAMP
VTar News Continued on Page 2<
LONDON, July 20.— The Constantino
ple correspondent of .the Standard says
It; Is now stated! that | the" Russian
guardship ; Chernbmoretz • has' gone ¦ to
relieve a : jjunboat at Piraeus. Other
Various Subterfuges Employed to Put
.... Black Sea Fleet Into Service.
CZAR RESORTS TO TRICKERY.
LONDON, July 20. — The Daily Mail
this morning prints a dispatch from
Buenos # Ayres, dated July 19, saying
that the .armored cruisers Garibaldi
and Pueyrdon, sister ships of the Nis
sin and Kaisuga, which were pur
chased 4 by Japan prior to the war,
have been sold to. a French firm, but
that the real purchaser is the Russian
Government.
Argentine Republic Sells Two War
¦ .ships, Presumably to France.
RUSSIA BUYING SHIPS.
NOTHING SPARED TO
SAVE INJURED MOTHER
Aged Woman Is Conveyed to Her
Home on Special Train Equipped
as a Hospital.
CHICAGO, July 19.— A private car
equipped with the finest of hospital ap
pliances, in charge of skilled physi
cians and trained nurses, a speedy run
on a limited express train half way
across the continent, and the return
trip as speedily made to his summer
home at Lake Geneva, where were all
the. luxuries and comforts that money
can provide— this is the story of Jamea
Hobart Moore's effort to save the life
of his aged mother, Mrs. Rachel A.
Moore, who was badly injured about a
week ago at her old home in Green, N.
Y., in a runaway accident.
Mrs. Moore's condition has improved
to such an extent that Dr. Williams
has returned to New York. Moore is
staying with his mother at his summer
home. He considers her recovery as
remarkable, considering her age.
MUTE E\ T IDEXCE OF
DISASTER TO NORGE
LONDON, July, 19.— Two more life
boats of the Danish steamer Norge
(which foundered June 28 off Rockall
Reef, twenty-nine milea from the Scot
tish mainland) have been washed
ashore on the Orkney Islands. Both
jvere emptr „
> _" Continued on Paso 2, Column J.
LONDON, July 20.— The Times' Tokio
correspondent, cabling under date of
July 19, says:
i "Japanese military critics expect re
newed efforts by General' Kuropatkin
to recover the Motien positions, which
are essential to > the security of his
army if it remain in the present posi
tion." ; -
The correspondent adds that it is ru
mored in Tokio that three Japanese
torpedo-boat destroyers have Y sealed
the Liao River, where the Russian gun
boat Sivoutch and a- Russian torpedo
boat destroyer are anchored.*
Kuropatldn Imperiled While Kuroki's
Army Holds the Pass.
MOTIEN OF STRATEGIC VALUE.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 20.— As an
outcome of Lieutenant General Count
Keller'B engagement at Motien Pass
the military experts are convinced that
there has been a rearrangement of the
Japanese forces and a change in the
Japanese plans in favor of a flanking
movement on Liaoyang, rather than a
direct movement on Tatchekiao. ; This
change, coinciding with the arrival of
Field Marshal Oyama, leads the ex
perts to attribute it to the new com
mander in "chief. Whoever is respon
sible it is admitted that the Japanese
are showing an appreciation of the
present aspect of the campaign. Hith
erto General Kuropatkin has been able
to mislead Generals Kurokl, Nodzu and
Oku and to induce them to expend
their greatest energy where it would
do the least harm. '
The center of interest has again been
transferred to Liaoyang and the Rus
sians are able. at this Juncture to re
gard the situation with proper equa
nimity. The Liaoyang position" is of
such strength that Kuroki's advance
would be rather .welcomed by General
Kuropatkin. It is probable that Kuro
patkin ordered , Keller to attack with
the view of drawing oa the Japanese,
Just as he sent General Stakelberg to
draw them up from the south.
powers effect the relief of their guard
ships by sending ships here to meet
them. The Chernomoretz may call or
even stay at Piraeus, says the corre
spondent, adding:
"But we may expect soon to see her
employed in active service."
The correspondent continues: "The
infractions, of the .treaties of Paris and
London by the Smolensk and the St.
Petersburg are causing astonishment.
Only a month ago a British yacht was
compelled to disembark two toy can
non before , being : allowed to pass
through the Dardanelles."
TOKIO, July 20, 10 a. m.— The armored cruisers Bossiay, Eurik and Gromoboi
of the Russian Vladivostok squadron passed through the Tsugari Strait into the Pa
cific Ocean to-day. /
MUKDEN, July 19.— The best information received here indicates that the siege
of Port Arthur is betng much more closely pressed, and there are extravagant rumors
of losses on both sides. A letter received from Port ¦Arthur shows that the besieged
have implicit confidence in the ability of Lieutenant General Stoessel to keep out the
Japanese.
LONDON, July 2O.-r-The Daily Chronicle this morning prints a dispatch from its
Yinkow correspondent saying that the reinforcements for which General Oku has
been waiting are now being disembarked under the protection of seven Japanese
cruisers. A fresh landing of troops, the dispatch says, is being effected to the north
of Port Arthur also, and important events may be looked for this week
General Oku Receives Reinforcements ancl Final Assault
Upon Port Arthur May Be Attempted
During the Present Week.
They were the guests to-day of Regi
nald and Alfred Vanderbilt at the lat
ter's farm. Sir Archibald is the fifth
baronet of his house, which was creat
ed a baronetcy in 1774. He owns about
9S0O acres, including Dundreath Castle.
Lady Edmondstone is the eldest
daughter of G. Stewart Forbes.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 19.— Sir
Archibald and Lady Edmondstone of
London have arrived here on a tour
round the world and after a brief stay
will turn their course westward, where
they will visit the St. Louis exposition;
New Orleans, of whose beauties and
charms they have heard so much;
Kansas City, Omaha, Dallas, Los An
geles, San Francisco, Yellowstone
Park, Portland and other cities; also
the picturesque mountain regions and
canyons of the Southwest and thence
to the Pacific coast. They are being
extensively entertained here and are
overwhelmed with invitations.
stone Arrive on a Tour of the
American Cities.
Sir Archibald and Lady Edmond-
ENGLISH ARISTOCRATS
LIONIZED AT NEWPORT
DES MOINES, la., July 19.— E. M.
Ellingson, a wealthy commission mer
chant here and one of the most influen
tial Swedish citizens of the State, has
gone to Zion City for the purpose of
assigning to John Alexander Dowie,
the .so-called healer, the greater por
tion of his magnificent estate here.
.The Misses Elizabeth and Josephine
Ellingson, two society belles, daughters
of the merchant, announced at a house
party on Sunday that, owing to their
father's decision, they will have to re
tire from their social duties and enter
the business world to make a living.
Because of their opposition to their
father's plans, the young women are to
be cut off with an insignificant allow
ance which will not permit them to re
tain their former position in society.
The young ladies have withdrawn from
Drake University and do not expect to
complete their college education.
The Ellingson residence here is val
ued at $16,000 and the entire estate at
$150,000. Ellingson believes it to be his
Christian duty to give his money into
Dowle's hands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In addition to giving the executors
immediate control of the estate, their
application for special letters had the
effect of setting at rest ugly rumors
that were circulated to the effect that
the executors were engaged In strife
!n an effort to gain control of the prop
erty.
These rumors were the result of tha
separate petitions for letters of admin
istration with the will annexed filed
Monday by the executors. This con
dition, however, had no further signifi
cance than is contained in the fact that
the. executors retained different coun
sel. Gray being represented by W. B*.
Williamson and Mugan by E. S. Pills
bury. .The lawyers got together yes
terday I and joined In the petition for
The day before she selected an auto
mobile of a type that appealed to her
and was to have had it shipped by the
same train on which she and her
friend were to travel westward.
Those who are familiar with the de
tails of the tragedy believe that the
heiress became affected by the intense
heat in New York, and that, unnerved
and depressed since her father's death,
she was suddenly bereft of her reason,
the fatal plunge resulting.
Reaction has followed the shock that
came to the heirs when Miss Dolbeer' s
last will was made public, and yester
day these relatives kept close to their
quarters, doubtless pondering. There
Is no question that there will be a bit
ter contest waged to break the testa
ment, unless the Warrens propose a
compromise. This It Is positively as
serted they will do. The taelra art
awaiting developments and these de
velopments promise to lift aside tna
gloom that has fallen.
But one step was taken In the Dol
beer estate case yesterday. George D.
Gray and William C. Mugan, named
in Miss Dolbeer'3 will as executors, ap
plied for special letters of administra
tion upon the decedent's estate, this to
place themselves in a position to op
pose the threatened contests for the
fortune of the suicide, pending the ne
gotiations for a compromise. Judge
Troutt, sitting in Judge Coffey's de
partment of the Superior Court, or
dered that the letters issue, fixing the
bond of the administrators at $25,000.
RUMORS SET AT REST.
SELECTS AN* AUTOMOBILE.
Since the tragic passing of her younj:
friend, Miss Warren has suffered a
nervous collapse. In spite of her phy
sician's orders, the young woman who
for seventeen years had filled the
dual role of loving mother and sis
ter t6 the dead girl, insisted upon at
tending the funeral. Returning home,
she was placed under the care of a
trained nurse, who, with a specialist
on nervous diseases, is caring for her.
Yesterday her only visitor was her sis
ter, Miss Fannie Warren, who re
mained with her during the day.
That awful moment in New York Is
burned deep into the brain of Miss
Warren. Her charge had not mani
fested the slightest intention at any
time of terminating her life. In fact,
on the morning of her death Miss Dol
beer accompanied Miss Warren to the
agency for the purchase of their rail
way tickets for the expected trip to
San Francisco, and looked, it i3 said,
into the details of their issuance with
perfect intelligence and mental bal
ance.
There will probably be no mobiliza
tion of the disappointed heirs of un
fortunate Bertha M. Dolbeer to contest
her last will and testament. Educated
by the lessons of the Fair and
Blythe estate contests, in which law
yers waxed fat and devisees grew lean,
those most interested in Miss Dolbeer'a
estate — Miss Etta Marion Warren and
her mother, Mrs. Margaret H. War
ren — have recognized the wisdom of
effecting a compromise with the dis
appointed relatives. One who is in *
position to know the minds of tho
Warrens made this admission yester
day, .and in concluding said that there
could be only one condition that would
prevent such a settlement — unreasona
ble demands of the heirs.
Cannot Complete Their Education and
Are Forced to Seek Mercantile
Positions.
Young Woman That Received Bulk
of Estate and Her Mother Favor
Settlement Out of Court
Belles of Des Moines Society
Beggared by toe Act
oi Father.
Disappointed Heirs Consid
ered by Miss Dolbeer's
Devisees.
Announcement Made
That They May
Compromise.
Merchant Consigns
Daughters to Life
of Toil.
GIVES HIS
PROPERTY
TO DOWIE
LONDON, July 20. — The Constantinople correspondent of the Daily Mail, in a dispatch dated July 18, says: "A Russian cruiser has just passed through
from Odessa with several guns covered with canvas on her deck. She also carried torpedo tubes." The Suez correspondent of the Daily Mail, under date of July
19, says: "The German steamship Sambia, it is stated, has been seized by the Russians and is expected here tomorrow."
JAPANESE KILLED BY SHELL FROM ONE OF THEIR OWN HOWITZERS IN KULIENCHENG BATTLE |
WARRENS
TO AVOID
CONTEST
RUSSIA SENDS BLACK SEA CRUISER
THROUGH THE DARDANELLES STRAIT
THE TKSATSB3.
Alcazar — "The Prisoner of
Zenda."
California — "A Thoroughbred
Tramp."
Central— -"Bobert Emmet."
Colombia — "Cousin Kate" and
"Carrots."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Fischer's— "A Lucky Stone."
Grand— "The Cowboy and the
Lady."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. Matinee
to-day.
Tlvoli — "Bobin Hood."
THE WSATES&
Forecast xo*d« at Ban Trak-*
Cisco for thirty fcour*. ending"
mlCnight, July 80i
San Francisco and vicinity — Talx
Wednesday; brisk westerly
winds, with foe.
a. o. are apib.
District PorecMtw.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 50.
The San Francisco Call.. The first lecture by one of the sum-'
mer school faculty of the' State Uni
versity in this city will be delivered
to-night under the* auspices of the
Mechanics' Institute at the Mechanics'
Pavilion Art Gallery on the subject of
"Russia and the Present War." It
will be by Archibald Cary Coolidge,
Ph. D... assistant professor of history at
Harvard. : Professor Coolidge is noted
as a specialist on the subject of Rus
sia. He was acting secretary *of the
American' legation at St. Petersburg
1890-91; was private secretary to his
uncle, T. : J. Coolidge, Minister to
France, 1892; and'was secretary to the
American legation at Vienna In 1S93.
Lecture on Russia To-Night.
TIENTSIN, July 19. — About 1500
Russian troops returned to New
chwang on Monday night. The Jap-;
anese forces are reported to be six
mfles inland. The Russian gunboat
Sivouch Is now high and dry In the
upper reaches of the Newchwang:
River. ,. .
From Imperiled Town.
Russian Troops Return After Flight
STILL HOLD NEWCHWANG.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 19. — The
United States has informed Russia
that she will be glad to. Join Great
Britain in the pr6tection of the seals
at the Kommander Islands. This act
doubtless will make the best impres-;
slon. It is understood that Russja will
communicate her answer in a few
days.
Will Aid In Protecting the Seals at
Kommander Islands.
AMERICA OFFERS SERVICES.
PHILADELPHIA, July 1 9. — The
freight men of the Altoona section of
the Pennsylvania Railway have struck
against an order reducing each train
crew by one brakeman. The strike
threatens to affect the whole system.
MAN DROPS DEAD IN A
MARKET-STREET SALOON
A man supposed to be , John P.
Sederborg. a tailor from Fresno,
dropped dead last night from heart
disease In the Defender saloon, 757
Market street.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
In the pockets were found $6 in cash
and nine pawn tickets. These were
for two gold watches, a silver watch,
five rings and a gold quartz chain.
The aggregate sum the owner had re
ceived on the Jewelry was $285.
What Sederborg was doing with all
the jewelry is a mystery. The police
have his picture and believe they may
identify him as a pickpocket.
A bill for woolen goods sold to John
P. Sederborg, Fresno, suggests that the
dead man was a tailor in the Raisin
City. .
Sederborg was about 50 years old.
SANTA ROSA, July 19.— Among the
arrivals in this city last evening was a
woman who has haa a thrilling ex- i
perience in Vladivostok, where she waa
a resident for five years. She is Mrs.
Carrie Milne, whose mother, Mrs. J. J.
Archer, and grandmother, Mrs. M. J.
Kise, reside in this city. Mrs. Milne
came direct from the Russian city,
having been forced to leave because of
the-war. She was there when the Jap
anese bombarded the city and with
many others she sought refuge behind
a friendly mountain which towers near
Vladivostok.
Mrs. Milne was the only woman pas-
senger on the last train leaving Vladi
vostok before the Japanese cut off
communication by rail at that time. *•
Mrs. Milne declares that Russia will
eventually win in the present struggle,
but that the Japanese at the present
time are singularly successful. She
avers, however, that the latter are not
winning all the battles reported as be
ing won by them, this being at^
tributable in some degree to the work
of their press censors.
WOMAN BACK FROM WAR.
Mrs. Carrie Milne Was in Vladivostok
Daring the Bombardment.
COLOGNE, July 19. — A company
has been formed here with a capital of
$1,500,000, subsidized by the German
and Dutch Governments, to lay a cable
to connect with the Dutch settlement
on the island of Celebes, through tha
island of Yap, in the Pelews group,
and from Shanghai to Guam, where it
will link with the Commercial Cable
Company's Pacific cable.
New Line Proposed Will Ran From
Island of Celebes Tlirough
Group to Gnam.
GERMANY SUBSIDIZES
ORIENTAL CABLE CONCERN
,A daring thief entered the pawn
shop of T. Lichtenstein at 617 Wash
ington street last night and stole a dia
mond ring valued at $150.' The pro
prietor waited on the stranger, who
asked to see some diamond rings. The
pawnbroker beamed all over at the
thought of a sale and the accompany
ing huge profit usually made by pawn
dealers and trotted out some of his
best. The prospective buyer tried on
one that was marked $150 and went
to the door to expectorate. He ex
pectorated and also decamped. With
an anguished cry at the prospect of
losing his ring Lichtenstein pursued
the thief down Washington street,
while his son ran for the police. De
tective Dinan responded and a search
of the surrounding streets was made
without success. Lichtenstein says
that he can recognize the man If he Is
caught.
CLEVER THIEF STEALS RING
FROM PAWNBROKER'S SHOP
• An allegation that Miss Dolbeer had
?ctn unduly influenced by Miss Etta
U. Warren, devisee of the bulk of de
wdent's estate, had not been consid
ered, Mr. Johnson said. That phase of
!he case would require extended in
rostigation and could not be under
a.ken until Hiram W. Johnson returns,
t the promised compromise fails to be
uranged. Albert M. Johnson said no
atended examination of the will had
»een made by him for the purpose of
Recovering any irregularities that
right be found in Its execution. These
oatters will be attended to at the prop
s' lime. If necessary, he concluded.
Miss Ethel F. Roche, a cousin of de
wased, to whom the will gives $10,000,
lenied herself to all callers yester
iay. Her mother was a sister of Miss
>olbeer's mother. Were Mrs. Roche
Vlive to-day she would occupy the same
ttatus as an heir-at-law of the testatrix
le do Henry and Adolph Schander,
frho have announced their determina
lon to share decedent's estate. Miss
toche, as successor in interest to her
Dothor, it is said, claims a large por
lon of the wealth left by the suicide.
8cr father. John J. Roche, a local at
farney, will look out for her interests.
Attorneys Pillsbury and Williamson,
the executors, said yes
erday that they had received no form-
J notice that a contest of decedent's
rill would be instituted and no intima
ton that any other than, that threat-
SK-d Monday by Henry Schander was
ontemplated.
Attorney Hiram W. Johnson, who, at
±e attorney of Henry Schander of Sac
•amento. Miss Dolbeer's uncle, is look
td to to hurry the compromise, is ill
ir.d his brother, Albert M. Johnson,
»ho is associated with him in prac
:ice, said it would be several days be
!cre he would be well enough to pro
teed with the investigation to de
ermine what share his client should
lemand. So far as Albert M. Johnson
»as informed, any contest that might
>e instituted over Miss Dolbeer's will
nould be based on the ground that she
*as of unsound mind at the time of
lis death.
CHARGE NOT CONSIDERED.
tpccial letters and the tale of strife was
nailed in its infancy. Both William
lon and Pill^bury so explained the sit
aation and their explanation must be
accepted.
Continued From Pojje 1, Column 7.
WARRENS TO AVOID A COSIEST,
Order Officially Promulsntcd Affects
Residence of Hebrews Near
the Frontier.'
ST. PETERSBURG. July 19. — A law
was officially promulgated to-day pro
viding that all Jews settled in the
western frontier governments and in
Bessarabia, within the radius of thirty
two miles of the frontier, shall be
subject to all the laws governing the
residence of .Jews .within.-- the .regular, •
zone of settlement. - Jews arriving sub
sequent to July 20 will be prohibited
from settling outside the towns or vil
lages or moving from village to vil
lage.
STRINGENT JEWISH IiAWS
AIIE PASSED IN RUSSIA
ST. PETERSBURG, July 19.— Rear
Admiral Parenago has been appointed
to supervise the completion of the prep
arations of the Baltic squadron. The
battleship and cruiser divisions are
now in Kronstadt Roads. Admiral Pa
renago hoisted his flag on the battle
ship Borodino, which will join Rear
Admiral Voelkersam's division when
the squadron sails.
The other battleships in the road
stead include the Alexander III, Oslay
bia, Navarin and Sissoi Veliky and the
Admiral Nakhimoff, which, although a
cruiser, is attached to the battleship
division.
The cruiser division is under the
command of Rear Admiral Enquist and
includes the Aurora, Dmitri Donskoi,
Svietlana and Alma, The strictest pre
cautions are taken to protect the ships
from possible danger. , . .
The squadron is surrounded from
sunset to sunrise by a cordon of guard
boats as though the Japanese warships
were in the vicinity. Vice Admiral
Rojestvensky, who is to command the
Baltic squadron, has not yet hoisted
his flag. He is Btill at St. Petersburg.
The departure of the squadron Is be
lieved to be Imminent.
Admiral Parenago Hoists Ills Flag on
the Battleship Borodino. .
BALTIC FLEET SOON TO SAIL. 1
WASHINGTON, July 19.— Navy or
ders—Ensign Goodrich to the New
York; duty as aid on the staff of the
commander-in-chlef of the Pacific
squadron. Alfred Roedder was to-day
appointed postmaster at Shorb, Los
Angeles County, vice Mattie L. . Por
ter, resigned.
. The following California patents
were granted to-day: Joseph W.
Adams, Santa Ana, breeching strap
holder; Albert K. Andriano, San
Francisco, individual telephone
switch and lockout mechanism for in
tcr-connecting lines; Walter J. Bell,
Los Angeles, electro fluid pressure
switching mechanism, also railway
crossing signal, also railway crossing
appliance, also audible signaling, de
vice; Peter Deasy, Oakland, water
heating apparatus; John J. Duffle, Los
Angeles, burlesque hanging machine;
Charles F. Fleming, . San Jose, fruit
processing device; William C. King,
Weimer, step-ladder: John C. Kitton,
San Francisco, elastic fluid compressor
valve; William C. Mason, Pasadena,
fruit tree extracting and transplanting
device; Joseph D. McNab, Flllmore,
conduit; Robert D. Pike, Stanford Uni
versity, bottle; Richard W. Shoemaker
and L. H. Glddings, Pasadena, signal
ing device; Ephlnstone M. Smith and
J. Ferrin, Oakland, stretcher; James
M. Wishart, Pasadena, window weight.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Warnings have gone out to shipping
along the eastern coast of Japan and
merchantmen are hurriedly seeking
cover. It is expected that most of the
shipping will be warned before the
Russian vessels can inflict serious dam
age, if a raid is purposed.
Ordinarily a lack of coal would pre
vent an extended cruise, Dut it is pos
sible that the Russians possess a col
lier at a rendezvous in the Pacific
Ocean.
vThe Vladivostok squadron, unaccom
panied by torpedo-boats, entered the
Pacific Ocean to-day at 7 o'clock. Its
destination is unknown, but it is sug
gested that it possibly plans to raid
the east coast of Japan and then either
return to Vladivostok, escape to the
southward or attempt to form a junc
tion with the Port Arthur fleet.
The squadron was discovered in the
Straits of Tsugari at 3 o'clock this
morning steaming rapidly eastward.
At 3:S0 a. m. it was reported, off Tap
pi Cape and at 7 a. m. observers at
Hakodate discerned it and reported to
Tokio that it was then steaming to the
east. •
TOKIO, July 20, noon. — The Vladi
vostok squadron has overhauled a
Japanese steamship eastward of Tsu
gari Straits. The name of the vessel
captured and her fate have not yet
been learned.
JAPANESE SHIP CAPTURED.
"Another submarine boat from
America arrived at Kronstadt last
night. The first American submarine,
which arrived about a fortnight ago,
was allowed to drop in landing her
from the vessel which brought her
and was seriously damaged."
LONDON, July 20. — The Standards
St. Petersburg correspondent, cabling
under date of July 19, says:
Second of the Craft Recently Shipped
Reaches Kronstadt.
SUBMARINE BOAT ARRIVES.
Anohter element adding to the dan
gers of the situation is the attitude
Japan may assume. The Pall Mall
Gazette points out that If, as stated
in dispatches from Constantinople, the
Russian guardship Chernomoretz tra
versed the straits fully armed, "it
would: seem to justify Japan in regard
ing Turkey as an ally of Russia and
invoking the terms of the Anglo-Ja
panese treaty.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 19.—Ger
many has called attention to the seiz
ure-of the mails on board the Prinz
Heinrich in the Red Sea on July 15 by
the Smolensk and has requested ex
planations. These have not yet been
given; -Jthe report of the commandeV of
the Smolensk not having arrived. The
restoration of the mails yesterday was
made without instructions from St. Pe
tersburg. Russia, having declared
communications intended for the Ja
panese to be contraband of war, main
tains the right to examine such mail,
but does not contend for the right 'to
take such mail addressed to
Japan, and unless peculiar circum
stances Justified the seizure of the
malls .on board the Prinz Heinrich the
act will be disavowed.. ¦•*"
The first impression in diplomatic
circles here that the action of the Rus
sian volunteer fleet vessels in stopping
neutral ships in the Red Sea to search
for contraband of war would not give
rise to complications is being super
seded by the view, which there is good
reason to believe is well founded, that,
instigated by Great Britain, it will at
least lead to an interchange of views
between the powers signatory to the
treaty of Paris regarding the statuB of
the remaining ships of the volunteer
fleet now In the Black Sea. Thus the
old question of the Dardanelles may
again, become the subject of Important
diplomatic communication' : .
The Foreign Office points out that the
diplomatic | situation created by the
seizures is not : adapted for common
treatment by, Germany and England,
since the act • of vessels
toward each country is too dissimilar.
Germany is conducting her case inde
pendently of. Great Britain. The offi
cials say that much ! less excitement
prevails in the country than when
Great Britain seized two! German ves
sels during the Boer .wfir. Neverthe
less, the officials emphasize the state
ment that Germany cannot submit to
Russia's treatment.
LONDON, July 19.— In British circles
the recent seizures and overhauling of
British ships in the Red Sea by the
Russian volunteer fleet steamships
Smolensk and St. Petersburg are re
garded as very grave international in
cidents. The. seizure of the Peninsular
and Oriental steamer Malacca by the
St. Petersburg and her arrival in the
Suez canal as a prize of war, ¦ on her
way to Libau, on the Baltic, have come
as a climax and the Cabinet to-day
was considering the course to pursue.
The British law officers acknowledge
the right of the Russians to seize and
detain mails, provided that only offi
cial communications are taken, but
they take the most serious view of the
status of the two Russian ships pa
trolling the Red Sea and if any official
action or protest ensues it will be
chiefly in regard to the passage of these
erstwhile merchant ships through the
Dardanelles and their subsequent
transformation into ships of war.
In official circles strong comment is
made in regard to Russia's policy. It
is regarded as impossible that the com
manders of the Smolensk and St.
Petersburg were given full-power, and
the officials, therefore, are inclined to
the grave conclusion that the Russian
Government gave Implicit instructions
to the two commanders.
The effect on the stock exchange to
day was seen in a heavy fall in con
sols and other gilt-edged securities, on
fears of international complications.
The dangers and difficulties of the
matter are much commented upon In
the newspapers which are practically
unanimous in denouncing the "dubious
and irregular character" of the volun
teer fleets.
"If their actions are proved, as we
believe, to be those of vulgar filibust
ers," said the St. James Gazette, "they
must be recalled by Russia* or the
skull and cross bones must be run up
and they will be fired upon whenever
sighted." ,
SUEZ, July 19.— The Peninsular^ and
Oriental steamship j Malacca, captured
in the Red Sea, has arrived here flying
the Russian naval flag. She Is now in
command of a Russian naval -officer
and carries, a prize crew from the vol
unteer fleet steamship SL Petersburg.
The Malacca entered the canal to-day
on her way to Libau, on the Baltic.
The company's' agent attempted to
board the vessel, but the Russian com
mander refused "-him admission.
BERLIN, July 19.— Russia has not
yet answered the German protest
against the seizure of the mails of the
Prinz Heinrich by the Smolensk, : but
the Foreign Office confidently expects
a disavowal of the action of the com
mander of the Smolensk.
The Foreign Office informs the press
that the seizure of mails included Eng
lish and Italian sacks. "
SHANGHAI, July 19.— The British
steamship Lienshing, which arrived
here from Weihaiwei to-day, reports
that she was' signaled hy:- the . steam
ship Peiping (owned by \ the Chinese
Engineering and Mining Company of
Shanghai), whose ¦ commander asked
the Lienshing 'to advise the owners of
the Peiping that the Bhip and cargo
had . been . captured by the Japanese
cruiser Hongkong and that. the vessel
was proceedings to .Japan with a prize
crew on board, v The news of the cap
ture of the Peiping, was communicated
to the British admiral, whose squadron
is anchored. in Yungching Bay. ;
Assassination Is their Initial policy-
It was begun when Georgian workers
killed Vladeneff, chief of communica
tion In the Caucasus. His murderer
"was never captured. The Circassians
followed with the murder of a chief
of police. They also escaped arrest.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 19. — The
Eviet says the assassination of Vice
Governor Andreiff of Elizabethpol,
rvhich occurred on the evening of the
,17th instant, undoubtedly was due to
a political plot, but whether the crime
was committed by Armenians or an
archists is not clear. So frequent are
*uch crimes becoming that the Svlet
ssks for special measures to prevent
their recurrence.
About two years ago leaders of the
races evolved a plan for co-operation,
including Georgians, Armenians, Cir
cassians and Tartars — the whole revo-
Jutlonary population of the Caucasus,
eome 4,000,000 eouls. Autonomy Is now
the cry of all.
Formerly the St. Petersburg Govern
xnent contrived to keep the Georgians
and the Armenians, who constitute the
greater part of the population of
Transcaucasia, mutually hostile, not
withstanding that they are both Chris
tian peoples and both revolutionary.
The Georgians and the Armenians
have alike maintained liberation move
ments and have had organizations at
home which supported Journals in Ge
neva and Paris, but they have hated
&nd distrusted each other.
ODESSA, July 19.— Another illustra
tion of the sanguinary programme of
the persecuted people of the Caucasus
Is the explanation given of the assas
sination of Andreiff, Vice Governor of
Elizabethpol, the fifth victim of Cau
casian disaffection within fourteen
months..
Bp*dil Dlfp«.tch to Tie Call.
Russia Will Disavow v the
Taking- of Mail* From
• 'German Liner. "
TATCHEKIAO, July 19.— Captain
Dashkin, with a company of Cossacks,
struck the Japanese at Tzlnshilinp on
July 16. Unseen, the company occu
pied a peak overlooking the Japanese
camp, from which it drove the Jap
anese with a plunging fire. The Jap
anese lost one officer and many men
were seen to fall. During the retreat
the Japanese were reinforced by two
companies, but these were driven off
by the Russians/who occupied the vil
lage without the loss of a man.
Ambuscades and surprises are of
everyday occurrence. The Russians are
losing no opportunity to worry their
foes. The Japanese seem, to be moving
their forces northeastward in the di
rection of Hiuyan and Slmouchen.
Fresh guns, mules and ammunition are
being brought up dally and sent to
points where the Japanese expect to
give battle. The movement eastward
is much Impeded by Russian attacks.
At Siatzatun and Gaitziatun the
Russian gunners shelled the Japanese
camps and drove out the troops in dis
order. Many were killed or wounded
and large supplies were abandoned.
Another Japanese party was surprised
at Kaimahe and Tunchemain while
marching in the mountain defiles to
join General Nodzu.
The Russians advanced two miles to
day by occupying a position evacuated
by the Japanese.
Surprise a Japanese Camp and Put Its
Occupants to Flight.
COSSACKS CAPTURE VILLAGE.
nese on board the merchantman were
drowned, but the white crew of the
steamship and a number of her Chi
nese- passengers were rescued by the
Russians. If this story is true, the
steamship In question probably was
the Hipsang, belonging to the Indo-
China Navigation Company, which
yesterday was forty-eight hours over
due from Newchwang and which was
reported to have struck a mine. The
local, agents of the Hipsang say they
believe the steamship to have been
lost.
A junk with eight Russians and fifty
Chinese on board arrived here this
afternoon, five days from Port Arthur.
The Russians refused to. talk, but the
Chinese say that on July 11 and 12 the
Japanese captured and occupied with
4000 men one of the eastern forts near
Port Arthur. Before reinforcements
arrived the Russians cut off the 4000
troo-ps in the fort and exploded mines
which resulted in the killing of every
Japanese soldier there.
The Chinese report also that on the
night before they left Port Arthur a
Russian torpedo boat sank a merchant
ship near Port Arthur, mistaking her
for a Japanese transport. Many Chi-
CHEFU, July 19.— At last the real
source of the recent rumors of a Ja
panese disaster at Port Arthur, in
which the losses were stated at 20,000
to 30,000, has been learned. News
reached here from Port Arthur to-day
of a reverse which, though not of the
dimensions suggested In the vague re
ports which have been floating about
for days, was, nevertheless, appalling
in its extent.
Andreiff the Fifth Victim
of Kevolutionary Plotters
Within Fourteen Months
Defense Wants Witnesses
Summoned to Prove That
the Conspiracy Existed
The defense, near the close of the
session, created a sensation by mov
ing to summon Mayor Petkoff of Sofia,
Bulgaria; a former Russian drago
man, Jacobsohn of Rushchuk, Bulga
ria, and the editor of a Sofia newspa
per in order to prove that the Rus
sian Government had been keeping
agents in the Balkans since IStil to
incite the people against their rulers.
The defense wants to prove through
these witnesses the Russians' respon
sibility for the murder of King: Alex
ander of Kervia and Premier Stambou
leff of Bulgaria, from which to draw
the conclusion that Russia is not a
civilized state with a claim for the
protection of the German courts.. The
State's Attorney offered the motion,
but the court took the matter uruler
consideration and adjourned until to
morrow. Another sensation of the
day was a telegram from the Foreign
Office stating that a treaty between
Russia and Germany covering para
graph 260 of the Russian penal code
dees not exist. The paragraph refers
to punishment for high treason
against foreign potentates, which was
shown to apply only where a treaty
explicitly provider for it.
KOENIGSBURG, July ID.— At to
day's session of the court which July
12 began the trial of the seven Social
Democrats accused at the instance of
the Russian Government of smuggling
anarchistic literature into Russia, ths
testimony given shows that some of
the pamphlets in question appealed to
the army, urging the soldiers to make
common cause with the people to dis
obey the command to fire upon . the
populace, to shoot into the air and to
turn their bayonets against the of
ficers.
story is not confirmed. The Admiralty
has no news of any vessel having been
lost at Vladivostok.
Eight companies of Russian infantry
and a body of cavalry attacked the
Japanese position at Chlaton. The Jap
anese there were reinforced by a com
pany of infantry and a company of
engineers, and the Russians were re
pulsed.
In his report on the fighting General
Kuroki says that the Russians number
ed about two divisions, and were form
ed of parts of the Third and Sixth Si
berian Sharpshooters, the Ninth and
another infantry division.
The Japanese lost four officers and
thirty-nine men killed and fifteen offi
cers and 241 men wounded. The cas
ualties all occurred in the Second Di
vision. General Kuroki mentions, but
he does not enumerate, the trophies
captured. He estimates the Russians'
losses as exceeding his own. '
ST. PETERSBURG, July 19.— The
War Office has no further details of
the Russian repulse at Motien Pass.
The lose of men, which it is freely ad
mitted will probably, be considerably
in excess of General Kuropatkin's fjg
ures given out last night, is greatly
deplored. But evidently the engage
ment at least served the purpose of
demonstrating that General Kurokl's
army has been heavily reinforced north
and the general staff is now inclined
to believe that the Japanese command
er may have decided that a frontal at
tack from the south is inadvisable and
Is concentrating his forces for a direct
attack on Liaoyang.
The Russians made vain endeavors
to envelop the Japanese left. At this
point the Japanese occupied the sum
mit of Motien Mountain and they re
sisted desperately the efforts of the
enemy to Mislodge them.
When the Russians finally retreated
they were pursued by the entire Jap
anese line. Seven battalions of the
enemy made a halt on the heights of
Tawan and with four guns checked
the Japanese pursuit.
One company of Japanese soldiers,
reconnoitering from Hslukailing, en
countered and engaged three bat
talions of Rus?|anR. It fought until
reinforced by f^our more, companies,
when the Russians were repulsed.
The Japanese seized and held the
heights east of Makemenza.
The attack on Hsiamatang began at
8 o'clock in the morning. A battalion
of Russian infantry and a. squadron
of cavalry assaulted the, Japanese
company on the outpost there. The
Russians received reinforcements un
til they were a regiment strong. .The
Japanese resisted doggedly. All. their
officers were either killed or wounded,
but still the men fought on. The Jap
anese finally received reinforcements
and the Russians retired at 5 o'clock
In the afternoon.
JAPANESE LOSS IS SMALLu
PURSUE RETREATING FOE.
TOKIO, July 19.— The Russian at
tempt to retake Motien Pass on July
17 was not productive of a general en
gagement, nor was it marked by serious
losses. There were, however, a series
of desperate small encounters. The
Japanese guarded their positions about
the pass with a company on outpost.
These men resisted stubbornly the Rus
sian advance and awaited the arrival
of reinforcements. When- these arrived
they joined in the general attack. The
outpost detachment stationed • - at
Hslamatang held its position all day
long. It was largely outnumbered by
the enemy and every, commissioned and
non-commissioned officer was wounded,
as were a majority of the men...
The attack on Motien Pass began at
S o'clock in the morning. The Rus
sians engaged the outposts and the
Japanese at once ¦went into action.
The Japanese artillery, posted on the
heights to the northwest of Wuflng
kuan, opened on the enemy and the
Japanese outposts retired gradually.
The Russian cavalry galloped forward
and deployed along the ridge to the
west of the pass. Two hours later, at
5 o'clock,' the entire Japanese line
was engaged. The Russians were con
stantly receiving reinforcements and
finally they had four regiments in ac
tion. They outnumbered the Jap
anese.
GENERAIi KUROKTS HEAD
QUARTERS IN THE FIELD, via
Fusan, Monday, July 18.— More Russian
troops were engaged in yesterday'*
battle at Motien Pass than In pre
vious engagements. There were prob
ably double the number of those who
took part in the fight at the Talu River,
while opposed to them were only one
brigade and one battalion of the Jap
anese forces. The Russian loss is esti
mated at 2000. The burial of the dead
continues. The Japanese casualties ag
gregated 300.
The engagement has conspicuously
demonstrated the wonderful efficiency
of the Japanese infantry. They proved
incomparably the better marksmen
and greater in initiative, and they out
fought and outgeneraled the Russian*
on every point.
NEWCHWANO, July 19.— Hard fight
ing has been going on for several days
in the neighborhood of Tongschu, eight
miles east of Tatcheklao. It is report
ed that the Russian loss in last night's
engagement was 2100 and the Japanese
loss 1200. The Japanese also have been
In active contact with the Russians
east of Halcheng, where there have
been many minor actions.
All along General Kuropatkin's front
and flank the Japanese are moving into
position, but the general attack is be
ing postponed until supplies and rein
forcements come to the front. Prog
ress along the muddy roads and moun
tain passes is slow.
JAPANESE OUTNUMBERED.
3IURDER THEIR WEAPON
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Seizures of Vessels - Occur
Daily in Both Near; and
* Far East.
SEXSATIOX IS CREATED
Refugees From Port Arthur Bring News of .Reverse
Which Supplied the Foundation for Recent Rumors
of Loss of Thirty Thousand of Mikado's Soldiers.
Win Victory and Inflict Heavy Losses in Struggle Against
Superior Numbers at Motien Pass and Escape With
Comparatively Insignificant List of Casualties.
Armenians and Georgians
Are Eesorting to Assassi
nation toObtainAutonomy
Social Democrats Accuse the
Czar of Ecsponsibility for
Murder of Servian King
MERCHANTMEN
ARE THE PREY
OF WAR CRAFT
BROWN MEN SLAUGHTERED
IN FORT THEY HAD TAKEN
KUROKI'S MEN OUTGENERAL
AND OUTFIGHT THE SLAVS
ANARCHY RIFE
IN CAUCASUS
RUSSIA BLAMED
BY ANARCHISTS
FOUR THOUSAND JAPANESE BLOWN UP BY MINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 190*.
There is no merit in the wait-till-I
get-a-chance forgiveness
ST. PETERSBURG, July 1 9.— A
story has .been going 1 * the rounds the
last couple of days that three cruisers
built at the SchichauT-works and re
jected by Germany <were transferred
to the Russian service ana Joined the
Vladivostok Bquadron. One of the cruis
ers and a torpedo-boat, it is added,
struck mines and went down. The
Vladivostok Squadron.
Russia Said to Have" Reinforced the
RUMORED PURCHASE OF* SHIPS.
2
,;_'_, ADVERTISEMENTS.
_^ Our great Alteration Sale affords you splendid op-
f§Hik &£l\. portunities for saving money on just the kind of
(3P flinr i^^w clothes you want for the boy when school opens.
wSPlyik S c h° oi Suits
ffll^MiZk'- i^^^P^^ Strongly made garments — neat patterns in mixed Tweeds —
: -i^^^-^^ splendid blue Cheviots— double breasted (tO HH
HI style— coat and breeches, $3.50— reduced to....
liLjlPP' Ages 7 to 14 Years
II ilf HL** Those heavy blue Cheviots and pretty mixed Twee'ds — ma'de
iSl •"^"••' with re-enforced seams — double seats and <£Q C*l(~\
C* knees— $4.50 and $5.00 values— NOW. ,^)O.V^v7
Young Men's Suits
Ages 15 to 20 Years.
v Single and double breasted styles— our guaranteed black Clay and splendid Scotch" mixtures, In
medium and dark shades. These suits are cut on the very latest style — splen- <£~7 OO
-did garments that have been our great Special at $10. They are now reduced to. S+> ' » w w.
, ADVERTISE3IENTS.
AT THE BAR.
When you don't
; feel well «sk for
' Red Dragon Seltzer.
j iMiuun«ua jar
' PERFECTLY HARMLESS.
Cores
HEADACHE
Nervousness —Indigestion.
Red Dragon S*Hzer Co.,
K«w York.
Pacific Asency.
118 tfatlery St.. S. F.
•^ mmmmmmmmm^mi mm m^amwm^mwmm^m^mmmwm^mmDelegatc to St. Louis Convention Says
Democrats Got a Gold Brick.
TACOMA. July 19.— A. J. Splawn, a
delegate to the Democratic National
Convention, returned yesterday from
St. Louis. He said on arriving at his
home in North Yakima:
"They gave us a gold brick at St.
Louis and it will be a heavy one for
the Democrats to carry. There was
no sentiment in the convention. It
was a cold-blooded proposition. Al
though defeated, Bryan was the hero
of the convention.. The nomination of
Parker was not the voice of the peo
ple. It was the Jingle of dollars roll
ing out of the coffers of Wall street
that sent him to the head of the ticket
I did all I could to defeat it"
Democrats at North Yakima consid-
George H. Sturtevant, First Deputy
Attorney General, Is taking an active
interest in the selection of the Repub
lican candidate for the Assembly in
Mendocino County, and ' Judge J. C.
Daly. Third Deputy Attorney General,
is in Ventura County giving the peo
ple the benefit of his Judgment in the
matter of selecting a representative
in the Legislature. It is suggest
ed that Governor Pardee come home
now and lpok after affairs here. There
is no use of going to Oyster Bay to
notify the President, as Mose Gunst
has already been there and told what
happened In the Chicago convention.
The Republican County Committee
will meet to-morrow evening and listen
to a report on the subject of Assembly
district organization.
to registration, the distribution of cam-'
paign literature and the best methods
of addressing the voters will be con
sidered.
Mrs. Horatio O. Ball, who lived with
her husband at 754 Folsom street,
died yesterday morning. As she be
came ill just after eating pickled pork
it was thought that ptomaine poison
ing had caused death. The body was
sent to the Morgue. A*n autopsy by
Morgue Surgeon' Bacigalupi showed
that death had been produced by fatty
degeneration of the heart and kidneys
and cirrhosis of the liver.
Mrs. Ball Dies Suddenly.
ESOPUS, N. Y.. July 19.— United
States Senator Arthur Gorman of
Maryland, who has been asked to
become chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, was invited by
Judge Parker- to come to Rosemount
to-morrow with former Senator Da
vis, the Vice Presidential candidate,
and until late this afternoon it was
taken for granted that he would
come. The following dispatch from
him, dated New York, was given out
here at a late hour:
"Regret that it will be impossible
for me to accompany Senator Davis
to-morrow. -Will afford me pleasure
later on."
The steam yacht Queen City
brought up a party of the Judge's
Democratic friends from Pough
keepsie. He showed them about the
place, but the visit was entirely in
formal.
Gorman Declines Invitation to Visit
Judge Parker's Home.
KEEPS AWAY FROM ESOPUS.
Just before the woman's arrest the
police had been informed that two
physicians had examined the soud and
had discovered enough arsenic In it
to kill 100 men. The woman has
steadfastly denied putting any arsenic
in the soup. A suspicious circum
stance was the fact that no one would
come forward and swear to a com
plaint. Fong Ling was one of the
tong presidents indicted for conspiring
to kill Tom Yick of the Chinese Edu
cational Society and he turned State's
evidence against two of "the other
presidents at their trials in Judge
Lawlor's court. Since then he has
been living at the headquarters of the
educational society.
Ah Sow. wife of Fong Ling, who
was arrested last Thursday night by
Detective Ryan on a. complaint that
she had attempted to poison her hus
band by putting arsenic in a bowl of
soup which she took to him at the
headquarters of the Chinese Educa
tional Society, was released from cus
tody by order of Chief Wittman yes
terday afternoon. The Chief's action
was caused by a report from Dr. A. C.
Bothe, City Chemist, that he had
made an analysis of the soup and had
been unable to find any trace of ar
senic in It.
tcmplinz to Poison Her Hus
band, Is Released.
All Sow, Arrested on Charge of At-
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., July. 19.—
When State Chairman Rothwell called
the Democratic convention to order to
day he pleaded for harmony. The men
tion of the name of W. d. Vandlver,
a Folk man, for temporary chairman,
brought the delegates to their feet with
cheers. A demonstration that lasted
several minutes followed. In the con
test for temporary secretary the Folk
element won its first victory, the vote
being 401 to 290.
When Chairman Vandiver, in his
speech, spoke of Bryan as "the great
est living statesman," there was cheer
ing for nearly three minutes, followed
by cries of "Hurrah for Parker."
"I want to say," continued Congress
man Vandiver. , "that if William J.
Bryan and David Bennett Hill can both
vote for Alton B. Parker they may feel
assured once more that the white
winged angel of peace hovers over the
Democratic council chamber."
There were frequent cheers at the
Chairman of Missouri Convention.
His Candidate Becomes Temporary
FOLK IX FULL COXTROL.
"The Democrats of Iowa, in con
vention assembled, hereby ratify the
declaration of principles of the Demo
cratic National Convention adopted at
the recent convention at St. Louis, and
indorse the candidacy of A. R. Parker
and ' H. G. Davis, our nominees for
President and Vice President, and
pledge them our hearty and loyal sup
port."
IOWA CITY. Iowa. July 19. — Har
mony was the keynote of the Iowa
State Democratic Convention to-day.
The prospective bitter fight to a finish
between the anti-Hearst and Hearst
Democrats did not develop and the
two factions vied with .each other in
nominating and seconding the nomina
tion of candidates of opposite political
affiliations.
The effort to humiliate National
Committeeman C. A. Walsh, who is
also a member of the State commit
tee, by limiting his vot^e in the lat
ter body to matters not subject to con
test was not successful; it was de
feated in the resolutions committee
by a vote of (6 to 5.
Apart 'from' the defeat of the Walsh
matter the anit-Hearsts were in abso
lute control and they now govern the
machinery of the party In Iowa.
The following ticket was named and
is cleverly made up of men of all
shades of party belief: Electors at
large — W. O. Schmidt. J. B. Romans;
Secretary of State, Charles A. Dick
son; Auditor, Edgar A. ilodary; Treas
urer. Henry R. Engleman; Attorney
General. Maurice O'Connor; Railway
Commissioner, J. P. Monatey; Su
preme Judge, J. W. Sullivan.
The platform adopted is exceedingly
brief. It declares: *
Expected Clnsh Between the Factions
Does Not Occur.
HARMONY IN IOWA.
CITY CHEMIST FINDS
XO ARSEXIC IX SOUP
At a recent gathering of old folks in
Melbourne the united ages of the 1700
guests aggregated nearly 160,000 years.
OYSTER BAY, July 19.— President
Roosevelt to-day received the commit
tee appointed last Sunday by the con
vention of the coal miners and allied
crafts of Wilkesbarre, Pa. The mis
sion of the committee was to present
personally to the President a petition
reciting the conditions in which organ
ized labor has been placed by the ac
tion of the authorities of Colorado and
requesting him to institute .an inves
tlgatjpn of the labor troubles in that
State with a view of remedying the
conditions now existing if possible.
The committee spent a half hour with
the President in his library. The peti
tion, which was the expression of 220,
000 men of the union labor organiza
tions of Northeastern Pennsylvania,
was laid before the President. He read
it carefully and then informed the
committee he would be glad to do any
thing he properly and legally could to
ameliorate the condition existing in the
State of Colorado. He indicated that
an investigation of the labor "troubles
in that State was now being made by
agents of the Department of Com
merce and I^abor. Thus far the situa
tion had not been such as would war
rant interference by the Federal Gov
ernment. ,
of Colorado Labor.
Delegation Makes Appeal In Behalf
MIXERS MEET PRESIDENT.
and Grand Lodge drew $11,032. H«;
commends the deputies for not hand
ing in exorbitant expense accounts and
asks that the grand treasurer be given
more executive power, suggesting a
system of checking expenditures.
mention of the principles of the Folk
campaign, especially those referring to
the fight to be made upon boodlers and
boodling.
The report of the committee on cre
dentials not being ready, the conven
tion adjourned until to-morrow.
SACRAMENTO, July 19. — A Bard
Republican Club was organized to
night and resolutions were adopted
heartily indorsing Senator Thomas R.
Bard for re-election to the office of
United States Senator. The following
are the members of the executive
committee: H. Weinstock, Louis F.
Breuner, S. I. Hopkins, J. M. Hen
derson Jr., George C. Sherman, Dr.
Ernest L. Southworth, Lester J. Hins
dale, J. G. Carley and A. H. Hawley.
Indorse Senator Bard.
DEMOCRAT WHO IS SAID TO
HAVE REFtTSEDNATIONAL.COM
MITTKK CHAIRMANSHIP.
Switchman Is Badly Crushed.
SAN JOSE, July 19.— Charles A.
Holt, a switchman in the Southern Pa
cific yards, was caught between two
cars while making a coupling. Hl3
collar bone was broken and he was
badly bruised on the head and should
ers.
It now transpires that the cope was
sold to Morgan, who has loaned It to
the South Kensington Museum, where
it is at present on view. The cope is
a beautifully embroidered piece of
work, done in France in the thirteenth
century. It was presented to the As
coli Cathedral by Nicholas IV. The
entire ground is of gold thread on
which are x worked fifteen exquisite
panels of religious subjects. The mu
seum authorities believe that the cope
is of English, not of French, work
manship.
LONDON. July 19.— It is stated in a
special dispatch from Rome that the
Pope has commissioned Cardinal Van
nutelli, who is about to visit Ireland,
to try to obtain from J. Pierpont Mor
gan the priceless ancient cope which
was stolen in 1902 from the cathedral
of Ascoll. The cope mysteriously dis
appeared while repairs were being
made to the cathedral and though the
Government took measures for its re
covery they were unsuccessful.
His Holiness Will Try to
Becover Old Belie in the
Possession of J. P. Morgan
Senator Gorman, as a result of the
conferences of the Democrats who
have been meeting here last night and
to-day, was asked to become chair
man of the National Committee.
William F. Sheehan is second choice,
but he also mav decline, chiefly be
cause he regards his health as unequal
to the strain. Should Sheehan not ac
cept the chairmanship, opinion is quite
uncertain as to who may be chosen.
Judge Parker has declined to say who
should be the chairman, preferring to
leave the decision entirely to his ad
visers and the National Democratic
Committee.
NEW YORK. July 19.— Senator % Ar
thur P. Gorman informed Judge Par
ker's friends in this city to-day that
It would be impossible for him to ac
cept the chairmanship of the Demo
cratic National Committee. They re
fused to accent his answer as final.
"I ought not to be asked to assume
the burdens of the chairmanship,"
Senator Gorman said. "I have done
my share for the Democratic party
and you ought to find some one else to
take the place. I know what the de
mands of the position are and I do not
think that I ought to be called upon to
assume them, although I am willing
to do everything In my power to bring
about the election of Parker and Da
vis."
POPE SEEKING
ANCIENT COPE
NEW YORK, July 19. — Oscar
Straus, a lifelong Democrat, one of
Cleveland's strongest supporters and
a leader in the Democratic bolt from
Bryan In the first McKinely campaign,
refuses to support kludge Parker and
the Democratic ticket. He says that
the refusal of the Democratic conven
tion at St. Louis to Incorporate a
sound money plank in Its platform
after the receipt of\ Judge Parker's let
ter was a Bryan victory. The
party that has not the courage or wis
dom to take such necessary action in
regard U> sound money does not, he
asserts, deserve to be intrusted with
power, and therefore he refuses to
support its candidates.
Oscar Straws, Lifelong Democrats Ob
jects to the Platform.
WILL OPPOSE PARKER.
er it certain that Splawh will bolt the
ticket.
Los Angeles — "W. H. Strong aad wn>. W.
S. Huribut. A. H. Evans. R. G. Kleslln*. Mrs.
M. Duranr. W. A. Burrts. O. Rowlett. Y+
Qunelan and wife. C. F. Hal*. A. E McCon
nell. E. K. Woster and family. I*. H. Alex
ander, J. Cleveland. A. M. FchkJIc*. Miss R.
Mohan, Mis» H. Hale. Mrs. "W. H. Jamison.
E- M. Durant. W. H. Smith, H. E. Durant.
San Diego — Mrs. O. Freyeleben. E. Wlne
burch. J. Benesch, A. E. "Ward, O. Loonils.
H. C. Miller.
Oakland— J. N. Qulaa. J. T. Benson and
wife. C. J. Heeseman. H. C. Capwell. E. J.
Gilmore. R. H. Butler,
Fresno — Miss M. I* storer. J. it. Swift, C
R. Bealt. W. M. Sims. D. Ash aad family.
Sacramento — Mrs. J. Storch, C. M. Burn*
aad wife, C. Irwln. "W. F. Qutnn.
MIsccfllaneous — A. C. Gairtfl. Mrs. W. C.
Turner. B. Ehepp. Pasadena.; Q. Klmberly.
Miss E. A. Rich. Santa Barbara; L. H. Al
bertson. I. M. Beam. Santa Clara: G. A. Sex
ton, Rocklln: M. Camody. Ventura; O. P.
Bardln. Salinas. J. M. B«U. Colftix: C. aad I*
Ma«-au!ey, Auburn; G. "Wenlger Vallejo; Mm.
A. G. Bell. Coif ax; M. Walton. Ventura; H.
C. Host: and wife. Saratoga: A. Poison. San
Jose; J. Bpoltnan. Berkeley: K. R. Butler.
Hanford: R. R. Parr. Arcata: VT. B. Murphy
and wife. W. H. Strength. Kern City; G. R.
Reynolds. Mn. E. E. Small. Stockton: C. G.
Flinch and wife. Needles: I*. RJc*. H. Boal.
J. A. Rice. National City: R. "W. Dodson. A!
ameda: S. NeTrsler. Highland; c. A. Hellach.
Santa Monica: E. M. Willis. Hollywood: W.
H. Davis and wife. El Cajoi: A. Wittman.
Santa Crux: J. H. Cavanah. Redondo Beach;
J. G. Larrtck. Randsburic; J. L. Kerchard.
Modesto: J. D. Payne and wtf%. Escondldo: T.
H. Gray. Petalcma: E. Kenywi. J. w. Kyle.
J. t». Whitney. J. M. Wilson, E. MacDonal'l.
M. Ward, K. Goodhart. H. Ennentrmit. F.
Robinson, I. C. Todd, Riverside.
ST. LOUIS. July 19.— The following
Callfornians are registered at the Cali
fornia building:
San Francisco — Miss M. Brtee, W. P. De
lary. J. Tart. Mm. W. H. Bypen. C. K. Cor
rigan. Miss G. Kellc*r. W. A. Morris and
wire. C. E. Dail. G. G. Oall. W. I* Pierce and
daughter. Mis* O. Pierce. E. Schmidt. W. L.
Meuser Jr., A. W. Stow*. H. C. Palmer, T. J.
O'Dea.
CAIIFORXIAXS AT THE FAIR.
GUATMAS. Mexico. July 19.— A de
tachment of Mexican regulars reached
here Monday night with twenty-five
Taqui prisoners captured after a hard
fight by Captain Celso Aguilar and two
companies of regulars, returning after
a twenty days' campaign in the Yaqui
country, northwest of Guaymas.
Aguilar was on his way back to San
Jose de Guaymas, believing that he
had rid the country of all the raiding
Indians, when he came upon a band of
fifty-six savages who were in the act
of holding up a big pack train bound
for the San Jose ranch. Aguilar came
upon the Indians without notice and
both parties were taken completely by
surprise. Although the Mexicans out
numbered them, the Indians gave bat
tle, but five of their number were shot
down and many wounded. They at
tempted to flee, but only those who got
off on the pack horses escaped, the
balance being taken prisoners. Aguilar
and his men withdrew to San Jose de
Guaymas after the fight and an escort
was detailed to take the prisoners to
Guaymas for deportation. The Mexi
can detachment reports that none of
their number were killed In the fight,
although some received slight wounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It is explained that these discrepan
cies are due to the demoralized and
incomplete condition of the records in
the office of Grand Secretary Reynolds.
No such explanation is given of the
charges by Grand Treasurer Needs of
extravagance. Needs reports that the
eighty-six district deputies drew
$3039. at the Baltimore reunion last
year, while the standing committees
While the delegates were engaged in
these sessions there was much excite
ment among the visiting Elks over the
exposures in the annual reports about
the alleged extravagance in the ex
penses of certain general officers and
the discrepancies between the different
reports.
SECRETARY IS CRITICIZED.
While the eighteenth annual reunion
of the Benevolent and Protective Or
der of Elks has been in progress all
this week, the fortieth meeting of the
Grand Lodge did not begin until to
day, when morning, afternoon and
night sessions were held.
There were but two candidates for
grand exalted ruler. The ballot re
sulted as follows: W. J. O'Brien of
Baltimore, 710; Samuel H. Needs of
Cleveland. 379.
When the nominations were alt made
a recess was taken from 7 o'clock until
9 o'clock for the purpose of having all
the nominations printed on Australian
ballots.
CINCINNATI, July 19.— An unknown
woman was attacked by a maddened
bear In charge of the Huntington (W.
Va.) Elks, on Central avenue here to
day. Before the animal could be re
captured it had torn the garments of
the woman Into shreds, partially dis
robing her.
There were two bears with the party
that came on a special train from Hin
ton, Charleston and Huntington, W.
Va. The animal which caused the mis
chief was in charge of George Garred,
trustee of the Huntington lodge. It is
said that on the way to Cincinnati the
animal3 were treated to beer, which
caused them to become wild. The
crowds at the depot and the heat
helped to make their condition worse.
While on the way to the Grand Hotel,
the bear In charge of Garred broke
loose and attacked a woman who was
standing on the curbstone watching
the incoming visitors. The animal
clawed at her dress and soon had the
silken folds in shreds. She saved her
face from being disfigured by dodging.
Elks surrounded the bear and tore It
from its intended victim.
Meanwhile the other bear. In charge
of an Elk from Hinton, also broke
loose, tore through the crowd and ran
for several squares before it was cap
tured.
EXALTED RULER. ELECTED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Events in the south signify that the
Senatorial alignment may be Bard and
anti-Bard. In the Eighth Congression
al District, which embraces the coun
ties of San Luis Obispo, Santa Bar
bara, Ventura, Kern, Tulare, Inyo, San
Bernardino, Orange, Riverside and San
Diego. S. C. Smith of Kern Is an active
candidate for the Republican Congres
sional nomination and his supporter*
eeem to be lending their aid to pro
mote Bard's re-election to the Senate.
Advantages already gained by Bard In
Riverside. Orange and Kern counties
arid the complete confidence of Sena
tors Rowell, Flint and Bulla that Bard
will win in Santa Barbara and Ven
tura counties have created some com
motion in political circles.
The ar.ti-Bard forces :n San Fran
cisco regard the introduction of Frank
P. Flint's candidacy as detrimental to
Oxnard. They hoped and believed that
Oxnard would win in a rair and open
contest against Bard, but are now
afraid that Flint will draw more
strength from Oxnard's column than
from the Bard camp. Btate Senators
Italston and Leavitt are endeavoring
to put George A. Knight to the front
es a candidate in direct opposition to
Bard and the Democratic press Is her
alding reports that President Roose
velt is partial to Knight and hostile to
Bard.
The talk of Presidential preference is
eiry nonser.se. The fact is well known
to many leading Republicans in the
State that the President entertains
high regard for Senator Bard and
Henry T. Oxnard. Perhaps George
Kr.ight and Frank Flint are highly es
teemed by the chief executive. No
doubt the President appreciated
Knight's speech in the Chicago con
vention.
PRESIDENT KNOWS STATE.
All accounts from Washington are to
tne effect that the President is singu
larly well informed concerning personal
ijnd political affairs in California. He
knows who was slated to lead the op
position in California when there was
talk of an opposing candidate for the
Presidential nomination and he knows
that the State Legislature will elect a
Republican United States Senator.
There is not the slightest proof that he
has expressed a preference for or a
word ag-ainst any one of the Republi
can aspirants.
There are no indications that the j
Southern Pacific Company is lending j
its support to any Senatorial aspirant, j
and there is no eign of any purpose on
the part of the corporation to compli- j
cate the political situation by the in- j
troduction of a candidate. The sup- ;
porters of Frank P. Flint rigorously
resent the Insinuation that he was pro
jected Into the fight as the Southern
Pacific candidate, and the facts seem
to be that Mr. Flint did not take the
corporation into his confidence when
the subject of his candidacy was un
der consideration. The Los Angeles
Hxpress, a newspaper that is lending
its support to Mr. Oxnard. says:
Mr. Oxnard believes the n^xt I.*frislatur?
*>i!l tor to much of a unit in a desire to name
him that the big corporation* will b» (dad to
ctarw their frierxifhlp by withholding an
laror.icm to his candidacy. That is the extent
of liis •TiBims" en the Houth-rn Pacific or any
ether ccrporTU* interest in this State.
The sentiment is almost universal
in the Republican party that Southern
California is entitled to name one of
the United States Senators from this
State. Leaders of the party hold that
it would be the height of political folly
to deprive the south of its Just right
t<« name Senator Bard's successor.
California's position in the Republican
column is due to the substantial ma
jorities for the party given by the
counties of Southern California.
SOUTH WILL UNITE.
It is expected that the southern dele-
REtions will ultimately unite on Bard.
Oxnard. Flint or some other accept
able inan. For the sake of harmony
Halston. Iyeavitt and Selvage may per
suade George Knight to wait four
years, and then get into the race of
3:<O8 along with Governor Pardee. Sec
retary Metralf and Senator Perkins.
General George Stone is Introducing
a new feature In campaign man
agement, lie has sent out requests for
a conference at Santa Cruz Thursday
rvf-ning. August 2Z. of all the members
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee and Executive Committee, to
gether with the chairman and secre
tary of every Republican County Com
ir.ittee in California. Topics relating
"The explanation is painful to us
Jews, but the scandal must neverthe
less be made public."
The statement, then proceeds to say
that after the massacre several Jew
ish millionaires promised to subscribe
100,000 rubles for the relief of those
left destitute, but they soon regretted
the Impulse. It was only after incred
ible trouble that the committee was
able to obtain 50,000 rubles from the
subscribers, the millionaires resorting
to many cunning tricks to liberate
themselves from the undertaking.
Several papers, commenting on these
facts, assert that the Israelitish mil
lionaires of Kishenev represent the
type of Jew which provokes anti-Sem
itism.
BERLIN, July 19.— The German Jew
ish committee having in charge the
funds collected for the relief of vic
tims of the Klshenev massacre has Is
sued a statement explaining its delay
in making public the accounts of the
committee. The statement says in
part:
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Lodgemen Have Hard Time
Dragging the Beast Away
From Its Intended Victim
Subscribers Are Declared to
Have Used Every Device
to Retain Their Money
Five of the Indians Are Shot
and Killed, Many Others
Receiving Serious Wounds
Humboldt ? s Favorite Son
Will Have a Fine Chance
to Run Four Years Hence
GOWN TORN TO SHREDS
KNIGHT'S CANDIDACY
RESORT TO TRICKERY
LIVELY FIGHT FOLLOWS
Committee Accuses Million
aires of Failing to Make
the Promised Donations
Animal Taken to the Cincin
nati Reunion Makes Sud
den Attack Upon Woman
Mexican Regulars Surprise
Them in the Act of Hold
ing Up a Big Pack Train
Republican Leaders Agree
That the South Should
Name BarcTs Successor
RIOTOUS BEAR
TROUBLES ELKS
YAQUI RAIDERS
ARE CAPTURED
KISHENEV FUND
IS VERY SMALL
CASTING ABOUT
FOR A SENATOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEPNESD AY, JULY 20, 1904.
Asked by Leaders Now in New York to Accept Chairman
ship of the National Committee, the Maryland Senator
Declares That He Has Already Done Enough for Party
GORMAN WILL NOT MANAGE
CAMPAIGN FOR DEMOCRACY
MAY NOT SUPPORT PARKER.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAFETY RAZOR
Makes Shaving Easy
Regular Price '., \00. My Price only
$1.50.
I hav*» sets of Star Safety Razors
for traveling up to $25.00.
Exchange Your Old Razor for a
Xew One.
ril make you a liberal offer if
you bring your old razor In. I
have irood razors as low as $1.00.
Pocket Knives at my usual low
prices. I'm offering a high class
special In several styles and makes
at $1.00
Razor Strops from 25c np. Scis-
sors as low as 25c
Two bars Williams* Shaving
soap 15c
Razors honed and rround. Hon-
ing: 25c
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 Market Street* Above PowelL
San Francisco.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
HOW TO FIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let It stand twenty- four
hours; a sediment or settling indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
If It stains the linen It Is evidence of
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it. or pain in the back Is also con-
vincing: proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
What to Do.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish in curing rheumatism,
pain in the back, kidneys, liver, bladder
and every part of the urinary passage.
It corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pain in passing it. or bad effects
following use of liquor, wine or beer, and
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during the
day. and to get up many times during
the night. The mild and the extraordina-
ry effect of Swamp-Root is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases. If
you need a medicine you should have tha
best. Sold by druggists in fifty cent and
one dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a book that tells all about It. both,
sent absolutely free by mall. Address.
Dr. Kilmor & Co.. Blnghamton. N. Y.
When writing be sure to mention that
you read this generous offer in The San
Francisco Dally Call. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address. Blnghamton. N. Y.. on
every bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
or . .
On account of the heavy increase in their ladies' waist depart-
ment, and needing more room for same, Wolfe 6c Havvley closed out
to Roos Bros, their entire line High Grade
MEN'S COLORED SOFT AND STIFF SHIRTS
MEN'S UNDERWEAR
MEN'S NIGHT SHIRTS AND PAJAMAS
at a fraction of their original cost. These goods are placed on
sale,,together with the exceptional bargains of which the public have
been availing themselves at our Great Alteration Sale.
Wolfe & Hawley's price 55-00 and $6.00. Roos Bros.* price . $2.95
Wolfe & Hawley's price $3.50. Roos Bros.' price . $1.85
NIGHT SHIRTS
Wolfe & Hawley's Silk Night Shirts . . *9 and $10. Roos Bros.' price . $4.75
Wolfe & Hawley's Fancy French Flannel . . . $3.50. Roos Bros.' price . $1.85
Wolfe & Hawley's Shirts . . $3.50, $4.00 and 55.00. Roos Bros.' price . $1.70
t Wolfe & Hawley's Shirts $1.50 and 12.00. Roos Bros-' price . . 85c
UNDERWEAR
Wolfe & Hawley's Silk Underwear . $10.00 per suit Roos Bros,' price • $6.95
¦ Wolfe & Hawley's Fancy Imported Underwear, $7.50. Roos Bros.' price . $5.55
Wolfe & Hawley's Underwear 16.50. Roos Bros.' price . $4.15
Wolfe & Hawley's Underwear . . • .... . $3.00. Roos Bros.' price • $1.70
Roos Bros. 9 Special Neckwear Bargains
$1.50 Neckwear. Roos Bros.' price $1.10 .
. $1.00 Neckwear. Roos Bros.' price . .\ 55c
50c Neckwear. Roos Bros.' price . . . 30c, 4 for $1.00
leg HgL «r Ek Sam J^Hir ff%£| E^ II En iBl ST JBSh
gr>yHKl'i BffljjPwir j'lffiji' ij T in i] ' i J^T' pn CT A** 1 - (*«*iiiCF'' J *^Ye Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules', ?
. SAN JOSE. July 19.— The 4-year-old
daughter of Mrs. Frank Page of- San
Francisco was run over and frightfully,
mangled to-day by an electric car on
First street. The little one's right .leg
was so badly crushed that amputation
was necessarv. The unfortunate child
died a few hours later. Mrs. Page was
spending her summer here.
Child Is Killed by Electric- Car.
ROSA, July 19.— A construc
tion train on the Carquinez branch of
the Southern Pacific was wrecked to
day ten miles this side of Napa Junc
tion. No lives were lost but traffic was
badly discommoded, v*
Construction Train Is Wrecked.
LOS ANGELES. July 19.— Arthur P.
Davis, assistant chief engineer . of the
United States Geological Survey,-ac
companied by several consulting engi
neers, arrived In this city to-day. Dur^
ing the next three or four days the en
gineers will be in consultation, going
over the specifications for the' work
needed in the Yuma reclamation pro-''
ject.
Will Study*Yuma Reclamation Project.
SAN RAFAEL, July 19.— A happy
little romance was abruptly ended . to
day when Judge Sewell, presiding for
Judge Lennon, annulled the marriage
of Lee Gllpin and Margaret Kelly, both
of Oakland. Gilpin and Miss Kelly
were married despite parental objec
tion on June 26, in this city.
Mrs. W. ' B. Gllpin. mother of the
groom, came to San Rafael a few daya
ago and brought suit to have the mar
riage annulled on the ground that her
son was only 19 years of age when he
secured the license. Mrs. Gllpin ap
peared before Judge Sewell to-day and
upon her testimony the marriage was
annulled.
Mother of Groom Secures. Annullment
of Marriage on Ground That lie
Is Not of Age.
LAW SEPARATES TWO
¦>fiV# YOUNG BUT FOND LOVERS
ST. PAUL, July 19.— With the excep
tion of the repudiation by the Butchers'
Union officials of nominal control of
the; blockade at the Swift - packing
plant, there was little change in the
situation at South St. Paul to-day. The
women stenographers and several of
the leading officials of the Swift Pack
ing (jompanx^were the only persons al
lowed to pass the picket lines, and all
efforts to recruit the force of men who
have been in the plant for several days
were apparently successfully resisted.
The retirement of the union officials
was 'evidently brought about to head
off the . threatened Injunction proceed
ings against them. The move, how
ever, had little effect on the vigilance
of the pickets and . the persistence of
the. blockading forces, except that it
made their attitude more defiant and
less conservative.
General M.D. Flower, president of
the Union Stockyards Company,' was
peremptorily ordered to leave the vi
cinity of the Swift plant to-day by
Mayor ; Ly ttle of South St. PauL
Flower had angered the ' Mayor by
remonstrating on account of the lack of
deputies, whereupon the Mayor resent
ed Flower's "hot : headed interference,"
and ordered him out of town. Flower
did not. leave.
¦ One of the strikers was arrested for
suggesting ""that the crowd lynch
Charles Fitch, former Mayor of St.
Paul and now president of the South
St; Paul Commercial Club.
At. a' conference held to-night be
tween the Governor and a committee of
strikers, it Is said, the strikers prom
ised r ' to declare the blockade off to
rpoirow morning;.
MAYOR IS AUTOCRATIC.
REDDING, July 19. — The entire
plant of the McCloud Lumber Com
pany at McCloud, Siskiyou County,
the largest lumber plant. in the State,
is tide up by a strike. About 1800 men
are affected. Ordinary laborers have
been receiving $2 for eleven hours'
work. They ask that "•¦> hours be cut
to ten or the pay increased to $2 25.
Strike in Blpj Lumber Plant.
The Metal Polishers* Association
has elected the following officers:
President, Thomas Caldwell; vice
president, H. Axelman; recording
secretary, E. F. Dingley; financial sec
retary, Thomas Brodie; treasurer, W.
Meredith; guardian, W. Skinner; trus
tees — H. Johnson, H. Barrett and Wil
liam Edsall; executive board — C.
Glass, George. Harris, F. Marinee and
John Shone.
The J14 per week which has been
paid to the locked-out stable and hack
men was ordered continued. A fine of
$5 was inflicted on H. Page of 217
Fourth street^ for breaking a union
rule in reference to displaying his
card.
The meeting of the Journeymen
Barbers' Union last night was well at
tended. In response to the communi
cation from the Labor Council for a
per capita tax on the members for
the general fund in support of unions
out on strike, it was agreed to con
tribute 3 cents per week per member.
BARBERS TO HELP STRIKERS.
Vote Contributions to the Support of
Unions Out on Strikes.
SAN JOSE, July 19.— Gladys Martin,
a young ' woman well "known in San
Francisco, shot and tried to kill her
self this morning, after a Quarrel with
her companion, James McCormick,
night bartender at the Crystal Bar sa
loon, on San Fernando street. The bul
let eiitered her left breast, inflicting a
; painful but not serious wound.
!; When McCormick closed the saloon
at 1 o'clock this morning the woman,
who is - also known' as Gladys McCor
mick, accompanied him to their rooms
in the Nevada House, on South Second
street. After enjeying a lunch the cou
ple • Quarreled, the woman accusing
McCormick of losing.- his affection for
.her. Running to a trunk, she opened
it and getting a revolver she placed
the muzzle of the weapon to her breast
and pulled the trigger. The bullet
etruck a bone and imbedded itself in
the left side, over the ribs.
Gladys Martin, it is said by the po
lice here, gained considerable notoriety
in San Francisco two years ago by
shooting at an Italian interpreter in a
courtroom there.
Gladys Martin Shoots Herself in the
Breast With a Small /Revolver,
Inflicting: a Slight Wound.
JEALOUS AVOMAN TRIES
TO COMMIT SUIC»DE
TACOMA, Wash.. July 19. — General
Chaffee Arrived in Tacoma this after
noon and was met by a committee of
citizens and by Mayor Evans. A- spe
cial train conveyed the general to the
enrampment at American Lake in
command . of General Funston, where
he will inspect the trc-ops and the
campsite. 'A dinner was tendered. to
General Chaffee at the Union Club to
night.
GENERAL CHAFEE GUEST
OF HONOR AT DINNER
A complaint was sworn to yesterday
charging Joy with being responsible
for the condition of Mirs Alice Davis,
vho died a few hours before from the
effects of an operation. Joy, who is
married and the father of three chil
dren, is thought to have attempted
to kill hlmpelf rather than face trial
on the charge made against him.
HANFORD. July 19.— \r. H. Joy. a
merchant of Lemoore, was shot "last
night under circumstances that point
toward the wounds being self-inflicted.
Joy claims that he was sandbagged
and then shot.
STORY OF SHOOTING
NOT GIVEN CREDENCE
Authorities Believe That Wounded
Man Attempted Suicide to Escai>e
Arrest on Serious Charge.
CHICAGO, July 19. — The crisis in
the stockyards strike will) come to
morrow afternoon. The allied trades
unions in the stockyards, which are
certain to become involved In the con
troversy If it be not soon settled, held
a conference this afternoon and at its
conclusion a letter rw-as sent to the
packers asking for 'S v Joint conference
between representatives of the strik
ers, the packers and the allied trades,
to see if a settlement could not be
reached. To-night there was nobody
who would say that the packers would
agree to the conference and it is im
possible to say with certainty that the
meeting will be held, j,
Arthur Meeker, manager of. the Ar
mour Company, speaking for the oth
er packers as ,well as for his own es
tablishment, said that he would send
a reply to the letter in the morning.
He declined to say what the nature
of the reply would be.
Bread and ice are to be distributed
to needy families in the stockyards
district. In this way the packers are
to help the wives and children of the
strikers. This plan was announced by
Arthur Evans, attorney for Swift &
Co., in the following statement:
"It having come to the notice of the
packers that the families of their for
mer employes, now on strike, are in
need of bread and ice, Superintendent
Crosby of trie stockyards station of
the Chicago Board of Charities was
immediately notified that a carload of
ice and 1000 loaves of bread were at
his disposal for distribution daily
ornong those in need of help," with the
understanding that further assistance
of the same character would be ren
dered if necessary."
Weary of the turmoil and hardships
encountered while struggling for a liv
ing in the face of strikes and lockouts,
sixty-two families of the strikers left
Chicago this afternoon to return to
Austria-Hungary. There they will re
ceive less pay, they say, but their em
ployment will be more, steady and de
void of peril.
CRISIS WILL COME TO-DAY.
HEALDSBURG, July 19. — Dr.
Swisher missed a numberof his chick
ens to-day and going to the different
poultry dealers found that his four
year-old son, who is of a speculative
turn of mind, had disposed of them.
Robs Family Chicken Roost.
Henry Miller and the members of
his company are now here prepara
tory to opening at the Columbia Thea
ter next Monday night for a limited
season of four weeks. Two plays en
tirely new to San Francisco theater
goers will- be staged*!
Next Monday night and for the. fol
lowing two weeks^the star and his com
pany will appear in Madeleine Lucette
Ryley's * London and New York suc
cess, "Mice and Men!" 7 Though the
play has - been ' before th£ public for
two seasons- Its first presentation here
takes place next Monday. '•
In the cast supporting Miller will be,
among others, -Jessie Busley, John
Glendinning, Walter Allen. Grace
Heyer, Mrs. Maggie Holloway Fisher,
Frederick Tyler, J. Hartley Manners,
Stanley Dark, Charles J. Butler,
erick Tiden, Frank Willard and Bert
ram Harrison. y .
The second play of the season will be
Henry Arthur Jones' latest success,
"Joseph Entangled." which had a run
of an entire season at the Haymarket
Theater, London. .
The advance sale of seats for the
first week begins to-morrow morning.
The cure of infantile palsey by splic
ing the nerves In a child's leg has been
accomplished by a Philadelphia sur
geon.
"Mice and Men"
on Monday.
Prepare to Presen
POPULAR ACTOH WHO WILL
OPEN AT THK COLUMBIA THEA
TER NEXT MONDAY.
Johnny Malinch, 'Who Killed P. Con
facrlia at Waukcll Flat, is Found
Guilty of Murder.
SANTA ROSA. July 19.— The trial
of Johnny Mahach, an Indian, who
killed F. Confaglia at Waukell Flat,
has been concluded, the jury bringing
in a verdict of guilty. The prisoner
was convicted on circumstantial evi
dence, but there is no doubt as to his
guilt. He will be taken to San Quen
tin after a date has been set for his
execution. '/
INDIAN MUST SUFFER
THE 'DEATH PENALTY
RENO, New. July 19. — Two young
children, one the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Laparry of this city: the other
the son of K. R. Miller and wife of
Susanville. met death to-day in a fire
at Susanville. The Humphrey Hotel
at that place was entirely destroyed
and the little ones perished in the
flames. To the efforts of an unknown
man is due the fact that the bodies
were saved from cremation. When
the big building was a mass of flames
it was learned the children were
asleep in one of the rooms on the sec
ond floor. After plunging into a water
trough to saturate his clothes the man
rushed into the burning building and
to the room. On the bed he found
the children dead from suffocation.
The room was a mass of flames by
that time, but the unknown did not
turn back until he had secured the
lifeless forms. A moment afterward he
rushed into the open air almost ex
hausted, but with the bodies upon his
shoulder.
Hotel at Susanville Is Destroyed by
Fire and Little Ones Perish in
the Flames.
TWO YOUXG CHILDREN
ARE BURNED TO DEATH
CHICAGO, July 19. — Having travel
ed 2000 miles that she might carry
on her courtship without interruption.
Miss Katherine Hucek of Tacoma,
Wash., has been married In Evans
ton, 111., to C. A. Gordon. After the
ceremony they began the return trip
to the Pacific Coast to seek the for
giveness of Miss Hucek's father, who
had forbidden the marriage.
Gordon is a student in a Chicago
medical school. To be near her lover
and to educate herself in a way con
genial with his tastes, Miss Hucek
came to Chicago to study to become a
trained nurse. The bride Is the daugh
ter of J. R. Hucek, a wealthy grain
merchant of Tacoma.
Tacoma Girl Braves Wrath of Her
Parents and Now Returns for
the Blessing 1 .
GOBS 2000 MILES TO
1VED MAX OF CHOICE
Swartout was appointed by the
Presbyterian foreign missionary com
mittee ten years ago to the west coast
of the island. He had established a
record for good work among the In
dians and was thoroughly at home on
the subject of Indian customs.} He
preached fluently in the vernacular of
the various tribes he ministered to.
He was 4 0 years of age and a native of
Brantford. Ontario.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 19. — A pri
vate telegram from Uclulet, Vancou
ver Island, states that the Rev. Mr.
Swartout was drowned on the 11th
inst. Just outside the harbor. Swart
out left Alberni in an open sailboat
and nothing has been heard of him
t ince. Yesterday part of his boat was
found.
Rer. Mr. Smutout, \Vlio Had labored
for Years Among the Indian-,
Meet* Accidental Death.
MISSIONARY' IS DROWNED
BY CAPSIZING OF BOAT
VIRGINIA, Ner,' Jtily 19.— It was de
cided to make an attempt this after
noon to examine the fire damaged
Union shaft through the drain tunnel
on the 160-foot level, and Joseph
McDonald, Jack Richards, William
Byrne, Sol. Martin and George Wil
liams were assigned to the task. The
men had proceeded but a short dis
tance Into the shaft when McDonald
uttered a cry of distress and Foreman
Jones and others rushed to his assist
ance. A strong odor of gas told too
plainly what had happened. McDon
ald was hurried out into the air, but
life was extinct. Richards, Byrne and
Martin next succumbed fo the deadly
gas and were dragged into the air with
great difficulty and at great risk to the
lives of those who effected their rescue.
Physicians were quickly summoned
and they adopted heroic measures to
revive the men. After a long struggle
the asphyxiated men showed signs of
life and soon afterward regained con
sciousness.
It was thought that no danger lurk
ed in the tunnel and the men went into
It confidently. The gas was generated
by^ the fire of last Thursday. The
death of McDonald is particularly sad.
He leaves a young wife and child in
this city.
Special Dispotefc to The Call
This evening the committee met the
commissioners, who decided to make an
effort to supply further protection.
It is reported here that the mechani
cal workers in Kansas City and Sioux
City will not- go out to-morrow, if or
dered, as they are satisfied with their
present wages. In . Omaha the new
scale was adopted for the firemen quite
recently, but the best information is
that if the strike is ordered the men
will walk out to help the general move
ment.
, Another consignment of thirteen ne
groes arrived by trolley car from Oma
ha this afternoon, assigned to the
Armour plant. When the car stopped
opposite the Armour plant a crowd of
500 persons had gathered and the po
lice were powerless to prevent the
negroes being spirited away. Only one
of the gang got into the works.
The packers this morning notified the
committeemen that if police protection
were sufficient they could handle 1500
cattle and 6000 hogs daily. ...A special
meeting of the Livestock Exchange
men was accordingly called and a com
mittee appointed to wait upon the Fire
and Police Commissioners.
OMAHA, July 19.— Protected by a
large force of special police officers,
armed with revolvers and clubs, and
without a protest from the striking
butchers, who looked sullenly on, 200
negro strike-breakers were . unloaded
from two Missouri Pacific cars at noon
to-day and taken Into Swift's packing
house. The negroes were recruited in
East St. Louis and other points farther
south., . ;
When the train stopped near the low
er end of the Swift plant, a f^w pick
ets were about and a large number of
strikers quickly gathered and watched
the men march into the house. The
strike leaders declare that they had in
formation that these men were com
ing and were hoping to Intercept them
and. persuade them to return, but the
thirty Special police officers guarded
the negroes bo / closely that they could
not get near to them. The leaders say
also that the number of negroes Im
ported is greatly exaggerated by the
Swifts.
Secretary Atkinson replies that any
one who believes that the Hawaiians
have no conception of the government
of civilized peoples is mistaken. The
Hawaiians. Secretary Atkinson claims,
h3\e shown their capability, and he
quotes Governor Carter's report to
President Roosevelt, in which Gov
ernor Carter said that the special ses
sion of the Legislature recently held
and which was composed of forty-flv«
member*, twenty-nine of whom were
Hawaiians or part Hawaiians, showed
& rapacity for government and respond
*d nobly to the demands of the legis
lative emergency.
Atkinson holds that Pro
fewor Moses* views were based on a
superficial observation.
HONOLULU, July 1*.— A. C. L. At
kinson. Secretary of the Territory of
Hawaii, has taken exception to the
Ftatements which Professor Bernard
Moses, of the University of California,
is credited with having made on July
Jl~In a lecture to his class at Berke
ley. In a San Francisco publication of
July 12 Professor Moses was reported
to have eaid that the granting of uni
versal suffrage in Hawaii was a mis
take.
The Citizens' Alliance of the Crip
ple Creek district is arranging a mon
ster picnic for the benefit of the
maimed victims of the Independence
explosion and the families of those who
were killed thereby.
The Cripple Creek mine owners' as
sociation has issued 4033 recommenda
tion cards, which are absolutely nec
essary to ob\ain employment in the
district.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., July 19.—
Sheriff Edward Bell said to-day that
direct information charging Pearl
Skelton, the miner arrested in Pueblo
two weeks ago, with the "independence
depot murders would be filed at once.
John Conway and Edward Boyd, aft
er examination before the board of in
quiry to-day, were turned over to the
military, with a recommendation that
they be deported. More than 200 pounds
of ore, valued at $S00, was found in
the cellar of a house where the men
resided. They had an engine and
crusher erected and were preparing to
treat the rock. Boyd claimed he pur
chased the ore from the Conways.
Efforts are being made by the mine
owners to stop "high grading" or ore
stealing. It is claimed that within the
past year more than half a million dol
lars' worth of ore has been lost in this
way.
In accordance with their threat made
Monday night, the Brewery Workers*
Union No. 7, consisting of . more than
450 men. went out on strike and failed
| to appear yesterday morning at their
i places of employment. The Brewers'
i Protective Association has refused the
• demand of the men for an. increase of
i wages . and has notified them that if
: they do not report for work this morn
ing at 7 o'clock non-union men will be
employed in the strikers' places. This
was embodied in a note addressed to
the Brewery Workers' Union.
The strike of the workers Is caused
by the refusal of the Brewers' Associa
tion to increase the pay of the men
from $20 to 522 a week and grant them
75 cents for overtime. There were sev
eral minor points, among them the hir
ing of apprentices, 'and both sides
agreed on everything- but the; wage
schedule.
Each side showed apparent willing
ness to settle its differences, but acted
as if jealous of the other. The Brew
ers' Association placed a proposition be
fore the union that they should resort
to aibitration to settle their differ
ences. The brewers surg^ested that a
man from each side should be chosen
and the two selected should choose a
third, so that the three could act as a
committee, with the understanding
that all should abide by the decision.
The brewers agreed that if the decision
should be against them they. would pay
the increased wages from the date of
the beginning of the strike. The work
ers seemed chary of this proposition
on the ground that the time of settle
ment would be prolonged and by an
overwhelming vote of 250 to 4 the prop
osition was rejected.
The association had already reached
an agreement with the. Beer Drivers'
Union and the Bottlers' Union' to give
them $2 more a week and 50 cents over
time. The drivers authorized their
committee to sign such an agreement,
but on hearing of the action of the
striking workers they reconsidered
their action. In the meantime the
bottlers and drivers communicated
with the international union at Cincin
nati to ask whether they shall join the
striking workers. Up to a late hour
last night no answer had been receiv
ed. In the course of events, however,
they must of necessity go on strike.
They may keep their positions as long
as they handle union beer, which is at
present in all the breweries. When that
supply runs out, however, the men will
be obliged to handle a non-union pro
duct and, according to the articles of
their agreement, they cannot do that.
In anticipation of the strike the
breweries have been working overtime
laying in beer, but at the best, the sup
ply will probably not outlast a week.
To run their breweries non-union, men
will have to be placed to work at once.
In the meantime the union has estab
lished pickets who patrolled the vicin
ity of the breweries all day yesterday.
The strike in San Francisco has
spread to other parts of the State.
Brewe.y workers in Alameda County
and Oakland walked out yesterday. At
the great Fredericksburg brewery in
San Jose the entire force of brewery
workers, bottlers, drivers and firemen
struck. The unions in Sacramento had
voted not to go out and a delegate from
this city is on his way there to per
suade them to join the movement.
Another delegate left yesterday for Los
Angeles, nothing having been .heard
from that city regarding the action vf.
the brewery unions.
MARTSVILL.E. July 19.— Georga
Morse, a laboring: man, was found dead
to-night on Thompson's fruit ranch,
five miles outside of this city, with
a bullet hole in the back of his head.
The police are now searching for Claud
Hankens, a 14-year-old boy who came
here recently from Alameda County,
as they believe that he killed Morst?.
Morse, who was about S3 years of
age, left this city in company with
the boy this morning to. go to the
ranch In- search of work. Morse 13
known to have had $$0 in his possession
at that time, but there was no money
in the pockets of his clothing when he
was found dead, about 7 o'clock to
night, by one of the ranch hands. The
disappearance of the boy at this time
leads to the belief that he killed Morse.
The officials throughout the county
have been instructed to be on the look
out for Hankens. Nothing is known
concerning him other than that he said
he lived in Alameda County when he
came here some days ago to look for
employment.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Three Other Men Are Over
come, but Are Bescued and
Resuscitated by Physicians
Man With Whom He Had
Been Traveling Is Found
Dead With Wound in Head
Quotes Governor Carter to
Show That People Have Ca
pacity for Self-Government
Union Pickets Attempt 3s~o
Violence Toward Men Who
Will Take Their Places
Trouble Quickly Spreads to
Other Cities and Several
Big Plants Shut Down
Ore Valued at $800 Found
in the Cellars of Those Ac
cused of the Conspiracy
FAIL TO PATCH IT UP
GUARDED BY POLICE
DEFENDS THE NATIVES
SUDDENLY DISAPPEABS
TWO 3IEN ABE DEPORTED
GAS FILLS THE TUNNEL
Secretary Atkinson Objects
to Professor's Criticism
of the Hawaiians' Bights
Employe Enters It to Learn
Extent of Damage Caused
by Fire and Is Suffocated
Colored Ar
rive at South Omaha to
Work in Packing Plants
Authorities Say They Have
Evidence That Skelton
Was Party to Mine Horror
Do Not Appear at Their Posts
and Bosses Threaten to
Hire Non-Union Workers
Marysville Authorities Are
• Searching for Claud Han
kens, Formerly of Alameda
WEAVING NET
ABOUT SUSPECT
DOESN'T LIKE
TALK OF MOSES
SHIFT IMPORTS
NEGRO WORKMEN
DIES IN SHIFTS
OF UNION MINE
SUSPECT BOY
IS MURDERER
BREWERY MEN
OUT ON STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, .WEDNESDAY , JULY I 20. ,1904.
HENRY MILLER
AND COMPANY
ARE IN TOWN
4
|| FURNITURE, CARPETS, RUGS, DRAPERIES, KITCHEN
B FURNISHINGS, STOVES and RANGES. The best product of
U the world's great factories at our always LOWEST PRICES,
H Solid oak.
M golden finish. . , , „__!_>,*« c o «_ fl n Princess 3rcaser->
U Wood wlected »'»¦» Bed— 2-in. uprights. 5-8-in. fill- <j u .m«-jiawecl oak
HI for its beautl- ing; bow foot, baked lacquer: a golden finish. Futl
i^rU'-ou^ "»« lv thoroughly well
H for the average made; a credit to any home. Price, minr»r. 13x30 .in.;
F| dining - room. A _T - _ -. highly polish* d.
I . r . r l c .« $.4.50 $34.50 .. pr .'!!.r; $19.6j
H A mammoth stock of floor coverings. Prices always the lowest. • - .
O COTTAOE CARPET — Reversible; each side different pattern. An Off**>
M artistic and sanitary floor covering. Per yard ,. <£OG.
If TAPESTRY BRUSSELS — Floral and Persian designs; exclusive CtCt\
['j . patterns; beautiful colors. Per yard OOlr
rl WOOL TSLTET8 — A choice selection of effective colorings; Qt Iffc
|j modern designs. Per yard pl.lU
B AIMIN3TEE CARPETS — Fine, deep pile; exclusive designs.
H The glories of the rainbow, have been caught and em- CM Off
m bodied in this weave. Per yard xpl.^D
pi nEjnBHfifiiSw'^^^lvHl ifrif HI jSJtwk Km En (Ski K^9 KSjHnfl
Sj Do "not fail to see the BSOAIa EANOS before (•« 4 f\f\ DO\V\
.4 purchasing. We guarantee every point for econo- X I Mil . %*>*„*,
¦ my. durability and baking qualities. Terms 4»*»wy A WEEK
! 1 1-'- > r f V APVEgTISjDCEXTS. :
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third St., San Francisco
...Sole Agents for...
Buckingham ®> Hecht's
/ ....
SHOES FOR MEN
' /^^JaSy^ =====
Goodyear Y !|SX j Oak Tanned
\ Welted / yV)— j ( / . Qnfoc
= (J^M0£j
Shoes that*, please the wearer. They
combine elegance of style and fit*, and
are unsurpassed for wear. Made up in
vici kid, box or velour calf : : : :
Country Orders Solicited
TRUE MERIT IN EVERY PAIR:Leaves Saturday. July 23; $28 60 round
trip. In one way and out another, around
the famous "double loop." Passes direct
ly through two groves of giant sequoias.
Special care for women and children.
You will get the best of everything on
the Santa Fe. A rare chance to visit the
famous valley. Inquire at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. •
TO YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Grand Personally Conducted Excur
sion
Ye Oldc English Inn,
144 Mason st.' Just one trial' at Babs &
Jules'. That's all. •
E. Rodgers,, 2642 McAllister street,
reported to the police yesterday . that
his tools, valued. 'at, $10 76, had been
stolen. He is engaged in doing the
plastering work in a building at .Tay
lor and Turk streets and locked the
tools in .a room on Saturday night.
When he went . to work on Monday
morning the tools had disappeared. .
Plasterer's Tools Stolen.
Mexican Celebration.
Several hundred membersof the lo
cal Mexican colony met last night -at
Apollo Hall to^ make arrangements, to
celebrate the ninety-fourth anniver
sary "of the* national independence of
Mexico. The following were appointed
to take charge of the affair: A. Bete
tai • president; G. D. Katta, vice j presi
dent; A. de la Torre Jr., secretary; M.
Tellez Sil, assistant secretary; M; Es
querro, treasurer; executive'., commit
tee, Roman Silva, A. Barraza, , C. . F.
Jiminez, J- de la Fuente, P. M. Mendo
za.'F. Olmedo, R. Pineda,* A. Gonzalez,
F. v Carranza, E. Siordla, M. Argiiijo; S.
Zamoreu; S.* B. Pena, J. Meneses »and
E." Navarrete. ' , ,
By Sally Sharp.
" Last night Miss Ethel Shorb, daugh
ter of Mrs. J. de Barth Shorb, became
the bride of James King Steele of Sac
ramento. The ceremony was performed
at the home of the bride on Gough
street by Archbishop Montgomery, an
old family friend. Forty guests — all
relatives. or old % friends — were bidden to
witness the interesting ceremony.
The bride, who is a winsome maiden,
.wore a. dainty gown of white Jusi with
rare Valenciennes, a soft veil falling
about. her. She was attended by. Miss
Margaret Eastman, smartly frocked in
blue.Varid by Ynez and Ruth, the two
dainty little daughters of Mrs. Ynez
Shorb White, the sister of the bonny
bride. -
"* The groom was attended by Camp
bell Shorb.
• After the service a reception was
¦held, when the young people were pro
fusely toasted.
• The'nuptial trip to the south will fill
¦|th'e coming fortnight, after which the
happy pair will make their home in
Sacramento.
-To-night at 9 o'clock Miss Eleanor
Warner will be ; wedded to Stuart
>Rawlings of Mexico.
,. The Rev. Dr. Hemphlll of Calvary
Presbyterian Church will perform the
service at the home of the bride, 2323
Franklin street. . v
A charming bride will be Miss War
ner—likewise will she be surrounded
by a bevy of pretty maids-r-Miss Helen
Davis officiating as honor maid and
Miss Jano Rawlings and lisa Alysse
Warner; as bridesmaids.
A reception will follow the wedding
NEW YORK, July 1».— The follow
ing Californians arejn New York:
From San Francisco — Mrs. L. Blanco,
at the Murray Hill; S. T. Britton, at
the Astor; Mrs. A. H. Brouck, at the
Park Avenue; A. G. Clark, at the Ev
erett; J. Duane, at the Grand Union;
J. R. Forrest, at the Wellington; F.
A. Kenny, at the St. George; A. C.
King, at the Murray Hill; C. J.
Strouse, at the Continental; G. O.
Watson, at the Everett; Mrs. Crich
ton, at the Victoria; F. Freudenthal,
at the JIarlborough; J..C. Muesedorf
fer Jr., at the Imperial; J. Muller, at
the Marlborough; O. G. -Myers, at the
Broadway Central; A. R. Reynolds, at
the Gilsey; Dr. T. I. Shiels and wife,
at the Murray. Hill; J. W. Van Praag,
at the Bartholdl; S. Breyer, L, Es
chen, at the Herald Square;; A. G.
George, at the Marlborough; Mrs. F.
J. Williams, at the Herald Square.
From San Rafael — T. • T. Williams,
at the Hoffman.
From San Jose — L. R. Hicks, at the
Navarre.
From Los Angeles — M. Olson, at the
Normandie; F. A. Hlnes, at the Im
perial; C. H. Selby, at the Bartholdi;
R. M. Walker, at the Wellington; Mrs.
J. Fletcher, W. Kleckner, at the Her
ald Square; E. Lawrence, at the Marl
borough; M. Slegel and wife, at the
Herald Square.
Calirorninns in New York.
Mateo Free Kindergarten.
It is to be a garden party of many
parts.
It is to have booths, wherein good
things will be exchanged for nimble
nickels.
. These booths will be presided over by
Mrs. A. M. Easton, Mrs. Henry T.
Scott, Mrs. Charles E. Green," Mrs. J.
H. P. Howard, Mrs. W. P. Fuller and
J. McWatt, through his mother.
Margaret McWatt, yesterday brought
suit for $5000 damages . against , tha
Pacific Trunk and Bag Company. Tha
boy is 13. years old and was working
for the concern in November 29. 194)3.
He was carrying out water from tha
basement and by reason of his Inex
perience his foot was crushed whlls
operating the sidewalk elevator. , H
Boy AVants $5000 Damages. « r
MISS SHORB
IS WEDDED TO
JAMES STEELE
On. Saturday the smart set of San
Mateo and Burlingame will betake it
self into the lovely gardens of Mrs. A.
B. Ford of San Mateo, whereat it will
lend its endeavors to lift a load of
trouble from the shoulders of the San
• :;¦•¦-¦•
ceremony, to which 100 guests have
been invited.
The fair maids who will assist In th»
good work are Miss Jennie Crocker,
Miss Margaret Newhall, Miss Eliza
beth Newhall, Miss Gertrude Hy<Je-
Smith. Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith.
Miss Laura Bates and Miss Florence
Bailey.
Mrs. Daniel Drysdale.
It has been definitely arranged that
the tour of'the Ben Greet company of
London players, ! under the manage
ment of Charles Frohman, will 'begin
In California, the entire organization
coming here direct from London, open
ing at the Greek Theater of the Univer
sity of California on Saturday after
noon, October 1, with a splendid pro
duction of "Hamlet."
The season . In San Francisco will
open Monday, October 3, at Lyric Hall,
where the success of last year, "Every
man," will] be given for one week, a
second week being devoted to Eliza
bethan productions or Shakespeare's
masterpieces. The company will then
tour Southern California and include
performances at Stanford University
and open-air performances in Los An
geles, returning to San Francisco for
the first production in California of the
beautiful miracle play, "The Star of
Bethlehem," by Professor Gayley of
the State University and perhaps one
or two big, new productions.' Then the
tour will be continued East via the
Northwest and British Columbia.
The entire coast tour will be under
the direction of Will L. Greenbaum,
who is rapidly coming to the front as
apurv«yor of the highest class'of
amusement attractions.
Schools, colleges, seminaries and
other institutions of learning in all
parts of the country ' can arrange
special rates - for the students and
teachers by applying to Mr. Green
baum, Lyric Hall, San Francisco. .-¦-¦
SHAKESPEAREAN DRAMAS
FOR TIIE .UNIVERSITIES
W. C. Francis of Buffalo, a former
student of Stanford University, who Is
studying architectural art 'at Colum
bia College, New York, is here on a
pleasure trip with his mother and sis
ter and is staying at the St. Francis.
J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of the
Harrlman lines, accompanied by his
secretary, R. J. Nicholson, arrived
from Chicago yesterday and is stay
ing at the St. Francis. He is making
his customary business trip to the
coast. • ' ' -«
Richmond Pearson Hobson, former
constructor in the navy, who, was a
delegate to the recent Democratic con
vention in St. Louis from Greensboro,
Ala., arriv|d in this city last evening
and is registered at the Palace.
Thomas Schumacher, traffic man
ager of the Oregon Short Line, arrived
from Salt Lake yesterday and is stay
ing at the Occidental. •¦
Herbert E. Law, the well-known
capitalist, who has been abroad for
several months studying various meth
ods in vogue in Europe for the im
provement of municipalities, has re
turned home.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast gen
eral .agent of the Nicker Plate line, is
at the Occidental. . , .
Selwyn Eddy of Bay City and F. U.
Dorr of Saginaw, wealthy lumbermen
of Michigan, are registered at the Pal
ace.
Rudolph" Scherer," a" railroad man of
New York, is at the Palace.
J. W. Walker, division superintend
ent of the Santa Fe- road at Fresno,
is at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Mrs. Oddie was formerly Clare Bell
iicDonald, wife of Richard McDonald
of San Francisco, whose connection
with the sensational failure of the Pa
cific Bank several years ago led to his
arrest and long detention In the County
Jail in that city. She also gafned con
siderable notoriety through her elope
ment with Seneca Swalm, who after
ward was sentenced to imprisonment In
San Quentin. For a number of years
after this notoriety Mrs. McDonald re
mained in retirement, from which she
emerged to marry Oddie. Their nup
tials were celebrated in Carson City
on December 2 last and the wedding
created surprise among Oddie's friends
in Nevada, who are legion. It was
feared by his acquaintances that the
union would not be a happy one. It
seems that these apprehensions were
well founded.
The first intimation that Oddie and
his wife had quarreled was received
here yesterday, when it became known
that the popular mine manager had
left Tonopah hurriedly for San Fran
cisco. He had barely passed through
Reno on his way to the bay before It
was learned that Mrs. Oddie was in hot
pursuit of her husband. Unfortunately
for her plans, however, the train bear
ing her from Tonopah was derailed out
on the desert, where ; she and other
passengers were delayed for nearly
thirty hours. The wife finally reached
Reno, . where she was met by friends
of her husband, who, it is said per
suaded her to abandon her trip to San
Francisco and 6he reluctantly returned
to Tonopah. To-night it was common
talk on the street that Oddie's friends
here were endeavoring to reach' him by
wire in San Francisco with a view of
establishing a truce between him and
his wife, but had not met with much
success. One of these friends is re
ported to have left for San Francisco
to-day to confer with Oddie regarding
his troubles, and news as ' to, the re
sults of his efforts are anxiously await
ed here. ; ....
According to the report here Oddie
is in San Francisco conferring with
his lawyers and is expected to insti
tute proceedings there or in this town
in a few days. The ground upon which
his suit will be based is said to be
incompatibility of temper, although
gossip has it that the couple have sep
arated for more serious reasons.
RENO, Nev., July 19.— Society of
Reno was startled to-day by a story
from Tonopah to the effect that Tasker
L. Oddie, general manager of the Ton
opah Mining Company and one of the
wealthiest men in the new mining dis
trict, had engaged attorneys with a
view of filing a suit for divorce against
his wife, from whom he separated sev
eral days ago.
Delays Wife of Millionaire
Oddie.Who Was Following
Him in Hot Haste to City
TRAIN WRECK
AIDS HUSBAND
former califorman who has
arrived at new york from
Europe critically ill.
Sentenced for Burglary.
Joseph Mallon, who pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court to a charge of
burglary, was sentenced to serve three
years in San Quentin. On the night
of April 6 he broke into a building in
rear of G. G. Gillispie's house, 915 Fell
street, and stole a quantity of tools
and other articles.
NEW YORK. July 19.— Somewhat im
proved hi health, Mrs. George Crocker,
who has been very ill In Paris, arrived
to-day on the Kronprinz Wilhelm from
Cherbourg with Mr. Crocker and her
daughters, Mrs. Phillip Keartiy and
Miss Alice Rutherford, and her son,
Alexander H. Rutherford.
Mrs. Crocker benefited rather than
suffered from the ocean voyage and to
morrow, with her family, she will go
to Newport on their steam yacht and
occupy their villa, Nethercliff. The
party are occupying a suite at the Wal
dorf Astoria.
Dr. Morris Herzstein of San Fran
cisco accompanied Mrs. Crocker from
France, having been summoned to
Paris to attend her when her Illness
became critical.
After the family are settled in their
Newport house Mrs. Crocker will be
under the care of Dr. William T. Bull.
It is said she will be able to attend to
the details of the wedding . of her
daughter, Miss Alice H.. Rutherford,
whose marriage to J. Langdon Erving
will take place- in Newport some time
next month, i ...
Social D'.epatch to The Call,
Senator Perkins delivered yesterday
a very interesting address before the
members of the Chamber of Com
merce at the quarterly meeting. He
briefly reviewed what had been ac-
Scomplished in behalf of California at
the last session of Congress and con
gratulated his hearers on the gener
ally ploasant outlook for the State.
He paid tribute to the v.-isdom of the
chamber in maintaining a representa
tive at the national capital and spoke
hiphly of the services rendered by
William Bunker. His remarks were
received with great favor by the as
pembl^d business men.
Secretary E. Scott presented an in
teresting array of statistics, which
showed how greatly Pan Francisco
has increased in prosperity since last
yea r.
A Wt<>r was received from Briga
dier General C. A. Wodruff, who ad
vires that the chamber send a repre
sentative to the Orient to look after
the port's interests in that part of the
world. General Woodruff says he
would be pleased to accept the posi
tion if the commercial men should so
derire.
William Bunker, the chamber's rep
resentative at Washington, then spoke
of th" advantages gained by San
Francisco in the growth of Pacific
trade. He paid particular attention.to
the subject of establishing a military
depot at San Francisco. In conclu
sion h" urged that trade with China
be increased. The chamber adopted
the following resolution:
"That we hereby respectfully re
quest the members of the Senate and
House of Representatives from Cal
ifornia to co-operate with the War De
partment in any efforts made to se
cure appropriations from the national
Coneress for the erection in San Fran
cisco of a military depot for quarter
master's stores and the construction
of docks for the army transport ser
vice.
During the afternoon a proposition
was presented for consideration look
ing to the amalgamation of the Can
adian order , known as "the Sons of
England" with the Sons of St. George.
This called forth opinions from the"
great majority of the delegates and
when the hour for adjournment was
reached all had not spoken on the
subject. Hence it was laid over until
to-day.
Clarence W. Riffee was appointed
press committee.
The election of grand officers will be
held to-morrow. W. G. Johnson of
this city, the vice" president, is the
logical candidate .for the office ;of
grand president, but yesterday it was
rumored that there might be an op
ponent at the time, nominations were
declared- in- order. — ¦- ¦•
, Last. evening the. grand officers and
delegates were the^guests of; Albion
Lodge, - Oakland, . when -there • was an
entertainment and a collation.'
On Thursday night a banquet will
be given to the grand officers and'dele
gates by the -local lodges of the order,
Pickwick and Burnaby. . - >.
The' royal standard floated yester
day from the mast over the Red Men's
building on Post street to indicate that
it was the place where was being held
the thirteenth annual . session of the
Grand Lodge of the Sons of St.
George. . .
The grand body was called to order
by Worthy , Grand President J. H.
Cocking of Is'anaimo, assisted by the
following grand officers: W. G. John
son, San Francisco, vice president;
Thomas Poser, San Francisco, secre
tary; William Meek, Los Angeles,
messenger; William H. Price, Vic
toria, B. C*. assistant messenger; John
Stevenson, Nevada City, chaplain; E.
T. Joost,. Oakland, inside sentinel; F.
R. Pulford, Sacraniento, outside sen
tinel; G. B. Rosewell, Samuel Creba
and W. H. Noy, trustees, and . W. H.
Fuller, past grand president.
The annual report of the retiring
worthy grand president was read. It
proved a very interesting document
and was supplemented by a talk upon
the growth of the order during the
last year.
The report of the grand secretary
showed a satisfactory increase in
membership for the year in the four
teen subordinate lodges of the juris
diction. It also showed a flattering
financial growth.
F. D. Brandon of San Francisco
presented a new constitution for the
government of the Grand Lodge and
one for the subordinate lodges; also
a set of bylaws for each. These were
received and laid over for considera
tion at a future time during the ses
sion.
Proposed Amalgamation of
the Sons of England With
the Sons of St; George
Wash ington Representative
Explains Advantage of
Enlarging Pacific Trade
BUNKER MAKES REPORT
LAWS
California Senator Speaks
at Quarterly Meeting of
the Chamber of Commerce
FUNDAMENTAL
Sjitisf actory Showing in the
Grand Lodge as to Mem
bership : and / Finances
— i <
Invalid Is Benefited by the Ocean Voyage and the Party
Are Planning to Take Up Residence at Newport Pre
paratory to Wedding of the Daughter, Miss Rutherford
BUSINESS MEN
HEAR PERKINS
SONS OF SAINT
GEORGE MEET
MRS. GEORGE CROCKER COMES
BACK IN IMPROVED HEALTH
THE SAN ' FRANCiSGO ¦ CALL," WEDNESBAY, JULY 20, 190i.
5
MPlMllOT^ISMKMiWliiMiilK to 1 Next Sunday's Call
ADVERT7SE>tEXTS. _--... .,^J:^
HSale TeiT MaiionBoxes a Year, g
pj The BEST H0T WEATHER MEDICINE u , I j
II CANDY CATHART^ \\f0^ ' \
II PREVENT ALL SURIMER BOWEL TROUBLES f
tn 1 Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as If
I! I quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence— stomach, liver, bowels . I |
P^j poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea. \ ]
p4 dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and ' I I
F'l the plague. Little children suffer terribly everywhere. The proper 1 j
lil thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter. out of the body \ j
KM every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowels. I I
(Cm You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and I j
EH healthy. To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not I j
IKj harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take • ¦ I
|r~ti in summer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. |r j
g-Vf All druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine tablet |
1^1 stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back. Sample and I I
wibooklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 JB
:', ' - - THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM!.
¦ww ******* ****************** ******* ** ****************** ******* *************
A General Remnant Sale \
To-day and Mf U*%Bf Da* 5***% To-day and \
Thursday #¦« #¥»## rrMCe Thursday \
Another month's accumulation of remnants of all sorts on sale this morning and until dosiug *
time to-morrow night at one-half the present marked prices— Domestics excepted—ihty being *
reduced one-quarter from present marked prices. The assortment includes: j|
Dress Goods Trimmings Linings ji
Silks Braids Wash Fabrics |
Ribbons Laces — Veilings Linens, etc., etc. |
£pi Watch Free Qzaffga M/4»c#a tfi}**0*/riiG* I
/RL With Every *»'© Wasn bfOOUS I
.^J|=dk. School Suit To-day and Thursday 5
/y^^i^f^N^X tor £&oj/s ic • * • ' "i
' Bfflr" I *5§\\ fetoWYoars) ou are lnterestecl in dainty, new, >
lffi Q - i/^m Until further notice we up-to-date Wash Goods, these will |
nifa v jjml wiI1 « ive with anv W»' P rove fully equal to, and heyond, your , 5
\1M ijfll suit in the house (»ize$ as eXDectatlOnS. {
vW^^ f /\ "bove), and excepting wash \ ;t
/ »'-J^7/ su»t» a watch free A Fine Batiste Weaves, tancy corded striojs, medium, dark \
good American nickel-plated "d Jight grounds—in figures ind dots; «»cry piece 5
watch, lull size, op=n face. new; for " rI ? FaI1 w " r » at about half f f _ {
.... ' r value. Yard M t%3 S
m excel ent timekreper. "^ 5
Here'« an IHpji nf PriVoc Standard 2Sc Corded Madras, the heavy mercerized makes, j
* , . * KrlCeS inthc Fall medium colorings— shown here for the first {
a j^N«!^f9!^'tti«.^6to}>4;f«^^M time, and deiirable for dresses. schooUvear, -#»^ 5
clothj; navy biu?, al?o brown and er»v muturc and pla it; , , , .... tJBBf* J
strong'y made iVts that *M itand a schcol- ff%g^ etc. , at the extremely low pncc. Yard. . *«#€* J
boy'i hard we »r and a b ; j; value at . . . . «p? mjM%m&F •— ——-^— -———--—^-— --——-—— -------i^-™«««-»_i^-«»-««—« — ™ -
Other Norfolk Suits, $5.00 to $8.50 _ . - *%£+ |
Two.Piece Sui»S— New fall «y>»; sizes for be ys 7 to 16 ycirs; BL^fMtltii*\f B£3£J$ 26 C >
in the nobby nrw brown and gray mixtures and p aids and plain 5
navy blue; stably-cut, wdi rrad e and an g* ** g*g* Another of this week's bargains for frugal {
unusual \aluc at VfVflVV 1 1 ' hit ? «
other Two-Pie* Suits, $ 5 .oo to$,o.oo housekeepers; well - made Laundry j
Youth's su:t.- n«w f,ii «y. t . ;!5ies for ., t«, , 9 , ears, ,m. B ,^ of tickings, burlaps, canvas " j
wcoi chevioti, m pvd«, ftrip g and mixturei, in the popu'ar cloth, madras, sateens, serge, tennis jj
brown and gray codings; «-out Ital : an cloth |*» fi» f%f% flannels and denims, in tans, greens, blues, blacks, pinks 5
Umng., and they fit equal to higher-prce Ms &&.UU and cardinal; two sizes, 19x31 and .9x36 ins., ill {
Other Youths' Suits, $7.50 to $20.00 stamped with the word "LAUNDRY," and #W*-* J
¦¦^ "¦"¦¦¦ ""¦" — —^ —i — — — — ready lor ose, to-day only, each .... 4^99G .}
$3Yi io $3 Shoes$l. 78 : 3 i
,gfi\ School Dresses _^gg^ .<
8torc — 8 oin S to have a Th* Woolen Dresses — Are made $&\*s*$$SZ^ -'
'^^/^^^^^ larger and better shce of serges, Scotch mixtures, Henri- •!
store. W c want toc!ear cttas and Voiles, in pretty girlish '*
U p a n small lots prior to 5t y' CJ » or 8 gcs 4 to 12 years; th: ~^^iS *'
the removal, so have taken a thousand or more pairs regular prices have been $2.50 to WJf "'
of women's shoes, regularly $3 .50 to $j.oo. and S 2 5.00; while quantity lasts, j||7 >
marked them all to close; pair . dtfff <*9 ' G% Ofr s «^*o t- n 4s5**k 1
w* B a m %3 &mm7E5> tO %pm*Cb5O *^v i
i
The assortment embraces 34 styles of Women's Children's Wash Dresses — Cheviots, chambrays, ging- j
High-Grade Shoei, lace and Oxford styles, turn soles nams » P crca es and *«"ackers— in Mother Hubbard styles, j
and welt sole's. Sizes from 2J4 to 4^ only are now prettily made and trimmed; sizes for ages to 6 years. .'
left.. We picture two of the up-to-date styles. 58c Dresses .. 29 C 98c Dresses • • 49O \
B,™jy*w« M Ana-combine Sale Flour ']
k.natne.eu wware Car wset Prices »-**+**- *• •' :
: The genuine Swedish double coat- «£££ £SS F/nr\ Aid OthOM* GrOGOriOS
> ed high grade white porcelain enam- \l~arpets rioor) To-DaV Sild ThUfSdSY '
SStiffr Thi S a C?™ to our immense Erapor5um \ Cit lami;/ flourf f^ ;.
: SSrwffiSS^ mf ny^ar S Pr ° Per Well-3ppOinted and Wei!" -.money-back" brand, for the two j
; Handled Sauce Pans: lighted Carpet Store and day* only, sack . . . §] a ()8 3
'¦ -sa r ie P rc-* ' 'i7o 2to ' 26 c choose from our entire chow chow-cro« : & Kackweii-t, bottle 's
Size. . . » 5 c" 3 oc 3S c + =c yard- - . • $1.10 2SC dns Columbia Gam, Pate. . . . W O j
' s.l S pr;ce.y7c 21c 26c 2Bo Body Brussels, yard mJoSuI* "loI Sbi «V n ' ' %%% '1
; 30c Ename ei Wash Ba.ins. .... 2&C &1.2O Maple byrup - Log Cab.n, qt. t.n .. 33© J
. Si. 50 Enameled Tea Kettles . . $1.O9 ' ( n- '1 ' ' r n\ v . t d ,. o u "",? ° mm 3
• 4S c White Enameled Chambers. . . T 3*C (Btgelow-Lewells) Kenlucky Belle Bourbo^-iull q t,. . SSo A
'. i 5 c White Enameled Mugs I/O Bigelow AxmlnsterS," P° rt « r Shcrry-Our Ji.oo grade, gal. ]
, 90c Whte Enameled T. a Pott . . . 67O yard .... $1,40 r .' ' .' , '. \ • .• —75o {
. Ji.co White Enameled Coffee Pet. . 77 O Scxted, lined and laid. \ Champ on \>h sky- 9 ->«r-o.d bourboa- ,
' . And many other enameled pieces. — — —^—^—^^— j 1 "?" ' JB "
: III BBSS co^rfd 1^^^: :1SS *7ZlJgL,u~*:..m*l> « '^«°, |]
. 25c No. 7 Tin Steamers for 16c 73O \\
, 20c Ostrich Feather Dturteri for...5o w//CA//fy«<vi2»»«^ Uiopia Oirfl:r At Equal to imported, do*.' «".
, 10c Large Wood Coat Hanffera 5o ' ¦¦ii&r"'^" «# #0 <"
. Quart Size Tin Pruit Cam, each... 4c - .^jyiu^" 1 " 1 •. , Jli f w< H
AJ^VjgnTISEMEXTS.
Mid-Season Sale
of Refrigerators
We :;re placing on .^ale this
ucck the Automatic. The best
refrigerator for the least
| :<r.:cy o:i the market, has all
'.I.': quaHiicstions of the most
••-pensive.
(!*'s a M;nsy-s:ye.")
i: - ;':;.<¦.. srt tw. $22 $rs
Sale Price. S7 S12 314 $22
v athan Dohrmann Co.,
122-132 SUITER ST.
'dr.pIerce5
t MEDICAL
I DISCOVERY
FOR THE
, rfLOOD.diVER.UJMGS.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>'2'.i |{i:.ilt.\V ST. Established
lit !%54 fortlip trcatniMit ol Private
Ui<wasc<>. Ixmt M»nb(KXl. Debility or
<iix ;i«'- ¦rCarfafoa hod? anil mine! and
SUin Oii«e:i«e». The Doctorciire* when
others lui'. Try him. ('hat-gen low.
« Mr«-« c<«««-.-»»il«-«-d. Call or write.
»r. J. *". <i I nno> , Kan Francisco. CaL
f± m n Eg p* Outfits Gum, Ammunl-
I 1 It nnll tlon < Fining and Outint
P IB GUI HP Uoorts. Tents and run* to
ilpSlclD IitJU - CATALOG FREE.
WIIbIIi fhreve & barker co..
739 Market et.,
B21 Kcarnr at.. S. F.
¦ \ : .
\AI. X. HESS.
- Eotary Public and Attorney-at-£aw.
Tenth Fleer, Room 1013. Claus Spreckeli bid*.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 1802 McAllister *L
' Residence Telephone Page S641.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
'Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FBESH AVS SALT MEATS.
II? RflYFS & CO sht PP«n«f Butcher*. 108
«'A>. DUlfcJ O. \AJ. ei ay . Tel. Main 12M.
OELS.
LVBUICATIXO OILS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 rront St.. B. F. Phone Main 171».
FKINTIKG.
Y C HITfiHFS. PRINTER.
I.I. ULUQEJf 611 S&nsome rt.. S. F.Japanese laborers to the number of
500 are .to be imported to v. irk in the
Mexican copper mines in an attempt
to solve the labor problem. The men
are to be paid $1 50 a day and are
under contract for three years
OAKLAND, July : 19>— Anna M.
Kress and Sarah Van Lame have re
signed as teachers in the School De
partment. Miss : Florence M. White,
Miss Anna ' E. Ainsbury and Miss
Mabel Hollis, teachers, have each been
granted six months' leave of absence
by the Board of Education. '
Teachers Resign.
Alaincdn's Lighting Expenses.
ALAMEDA, July 19. — According to
the report of A'. D. Goldsworthy, ac
countant of the municipal light de
partment, the expenses' of that adjunct
of the city government last month was
$2403 20 and the earnings $943 40, mak
ing the cost to the municipality for
public illumination $1459 80.
SANTA CRUZ, July 19.— The Twin Lakes
Baptist Assembly open«d at the AuditorlQm
to-day, with representatives from ill sections
at the State la attendance
OAKLAND, July 19.— On account of
the habits of Albert and Lillian Mc-
Pheters their three children have been
taken away from them and distributed
among strangers. Though. the parents
are young. they have the drink habit
and the children were neglected. This
morning G. A. Fisher and wife of 3136
Grove street adopted the six-year-old
girl, Alice; G. N. Koeppel of San Fran
cisco* has Violet, aged twenty months,
and will adopt : her in, the courtsthere,
while Maud McPhetera, the grand
mother, will keep, Grace . L., , the eldest
child, herself. . r "
Take Girls '.From. Parents.
OAKLAND, July. 19. — Chief Jailer
Harry Clark of the Alameda County
Jail has written to the Chief of Police
at Scotland Yard, London, inclosing
a photograph of Julius Steinberg, who
claims to be Prince Ramina Ara
mancha Singh, a brother of Prince
Victor Dhuleep Singh, who now resides
in England. Clark expects that the
answer will finally clear up the mys
tery surrounding Steinberg's identity.
Prince's Picture Sent to London.
OAKLAND, July 18.— William A.
Mitchell, brother of Supervisor John
Mitchell of this city and prominent
in coast shipping business in San
Francisco, was operated upon to-day
at Fabiola Hospital for appendicitis.
Dr. A." L. Cunningham and Dr. N. H.
Chamberlain conducted the operation.
The patient Is in a serious condition.
Shipping Man Under Knife.
The courts have decided that the
Spring Valley Water Company cannot
be assessed for a franchise in Alameda,
as it does no distributing on this side
of the bay. Its water sheds are assess
ed by the acre and remain the same,
but $600,000 has been added to the value
of its water rights.
on Its riparian water rights and water
in and along Alameda Creek in Wash
ington Township has been assessed at
$1,500,000 and the rights on Calaveras
Creek, Arroyo de la Laguna, Arroyo
del Valle, Arroyo Honda and Sa"n An
tonio Creek In Pleasanton Township
have been assessed at $1,500,000, making
a total of $3,000,000 as against $2,400,000
last year.
OAKLAND, July 19.— A. R. Emery,
charged by his wife with insanity and
having made a murderous assault upon
his daughter, has abandoned his re
quest for a jury trial and will go to
the State Hospital at Stockton without
more delay. He was adjudged insane
by the Lunacy Commissioners and com
mitted by Judge Ogden, but his attor
neys made a demand for a jury trial
for their client, which has been aban
doned.
Will Go to Stockton.
OAKLAND, July 19. — Suits were
brought to-day by Seymour Arada and
John Mitchell against Shlnglers' Union
No. 1 to. compel it to reinstate them to
membership. With Thomas Arada
they were expelled from the union sev
eral months ago. Thomas Arada
brought suit .to compel the union to re
instate him and won and the others
are following his lead.
In the tr{al of the case the Judge
found that' he had jurisdiction on ac
count of the fact that there was $200
in the. treasury of the union in which
Arada was interested. He also found
that there was no clause in the by-laws
of the union providing for the expul
sion of a member for working with a
non-union man.
Seymour Afnda nnd John Mitchell
Would Be Good Shlnglers
Again.
SUE TO COMPEL UNION
TO REINSTATE THEM
BERKELEY, July 19. — In imitation
of the Japanese the Chinese have sent
a commissioner of education to this
country to study the system in vogue
in the schools and universities. The
commissioner is Ah Ging Tow and he
paid a visit to the University of Cal
ifornia to-day to see how education is
carried on there.. Accompanied by his
suite and guided by Professor Jerome
B. Landfteld, Ah Tow visited all the
buildings and departments and asked
many questions as to their j conduct.
Through his interpreter Ah Tow ex
plained that his Government had
commissioned him to come to Ameri
ca and gather data so that the Em
peror may be rightfully guided in the
establishment of a vast school sys
tem which is contemplated for China.
Millions of dollars will be soent in
time not only on universities, but a
secondary school system. The Gov
ernment is meeting with some difficul
ty now in supplying the present
schools with instructors, as there are
not enough educated . natives to go
around. -~r\. .'-
Oriental Government Sends All Ging
Tow to America to Look Into the
! Educational System.
'"It will be pleasing to you to learn
that after vou have passed this resolu
tion making the transfers all warrants
outstanding against the city of Oak
land will be payable at the Treasurer's
office. There will still remain in the
city treasury fully $5000 over and
above several ¦ items ¦ which we know
will be allowed during the next thirty
days against the funds of the last fis
cal year." '
Auditor A. H. Breed has submitted
a statement to the City Council show
ing that the fiscal year ended June 30
was closed with the satisfactory bal
ance of $5000 to the city's credit, after
all outstanding warrants were settled.
No indebtedness remains that cannot
be met by the funds on hand. In or
der to close the books and to effect a
settlement of the year's business the
Auditor has gained the consent of the
Council to a transfer of funds. In his
statement Auditor Breed wrote as fol
lows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 19.
CHINESE COMMISSIONER
STUDIES THE SCHOOLS
City Council Makes Record
for Conducting Business
of Municipal : .; -.Taxpayers
CLOSES YEAR
WITHOUT DEBT
berkeley boy who "was
killed uy a bullet from a
Target rifle.
After hearing the boy's story the au
thorities allowed him to return home,
as they are satisfied that the shooting
was accidental.
Larkin B. Edwards, the father of the
dead lad, is employed at the California
Vigorit Powder Works. Willie was the
oldest of a family of three children.
When Mrs. Edwards was notified of
her son's tragic death she became hys
terical and is now under the care of a*
doctor. ;'\\. +?-¦. \
I have a 22-callber rifle at home and this
morning I made a target with a bell ami
fixed it up in the back yard. I fired a few
shots and then stopped for a while. Then I
began to shoot again. Just as I fired I heard
some one scream In the orchard. I climbed
over the fence and found this boy lying on the
ground. Then I ran to get some one to help.
I never saw the boy before, but they told me
that he wan stopping at Bridge's. There is a
creek running through the orchard, and » I
think the boy must have come up out of the
gully, for I did not see any one in the or
chard Juet before I fired the last shot.
The shooting, which was accidental,
was done by Everett Jordan, the son
of Fred L. Jordan, a carpenter, who
resides on Cherry avenue, next to the
Bridge home.
The Jordan boy, who is 14 years old,
had thoughtlessly fixed up a bell tar
get on the fence at I the back of his
home, which separates the yard of his
parents' home from the Bridge prop
erty. Regardless of the safety of oth
ers, the youth was shooting at the
mark with a small rifle. After firing
several shots, he stopped for a few
moments and then started to shoot
again. At the first shot he heard a
scream and the sound of a fall from
the orchard. Dropping his rifle, Jor
dan climbed over the fence and found
young Edwards lying on the ground,
unconscious.
¦ At first Jordan did not realize what
had happened, but a moment later a
blood stain appeared on the front of
the victim's shirt and then the shooter
realized that his bullet had found a
human mark. Jordan was badly fright
ened. He ran into his house, scream
ing for help. As soon as Mrs. Jordan
learned what had happened she noti
fied the injured lad's uncle, who at
once took the boy to the office of Dr.
J. H. Callen, but by the time he ar
rived there the victim of the shooting
was dead.
An examination of the body showed
that the bullet had entered the heart,
causing almost in.<=tu;it death. As soon
as Dr. Callen had pronounced life ex
tinct the Coroner was notified and the
body was removed to the morgue in
Oakland.
Everett Jordan was taken to the
District Attorney's office this after
noon, where he made the following
statement: ...,
OAKLAND, Julv 19.— Another victim
has fallen as the result of reckless tar
get practice within the city limits.
Willie H. Edwards, the 13-year-old son
of Larkin B. Edwards, who resides at
1448 Sixth street. West Berkeley, was
shot and instantly killed this morning
at the home of his uncle, Thomas
Bridge, in Fruitvale..
Dr. F. A. St. Bure. surgeon of the steamship
Alamtda. 1« the guest of his brother. Judge A.
F. St. Bure.
* .ALAMEDA. July 19.— Del Snow of Newark
was the gu»st recently of Henry Reed Tay
lor, president of the Cooper Ornithological
Club. •
Judge and Mn. A. B. Hunt will return to
morrow from a vacation spent near OrovlIIe
Mr. and Mrs. James Hambly and the fol
lowing fc.rm a merry outing party now at
Camp Vacation: Mr. and Mrs. George Little
Miss Fannie Martin. Frank WImperly
Charles Knchman, J. Graham Hambly, Mrs
Ja*-k Tyr.er. Miss Marie Walsh, Miss Maud
Lan a:id Miss Helen Hambly.
Mrs. John Charles Adams entertained to-day
Mrs. L. S. Taylor of Sacramento and her
daughter, Mrs. Lee Upon, at luncheon. . >
Mies Trances MacFadden of Madera Is the
guest of her «unt. Mrs. C. W. Kinsey.
Mrs. W. W. Kergan and her daughter, Mrs.
George Humphrey, have returned from Santa
Cruz.
Miss Mara ret Olcese. brown as a berry and
prettter than ever, is back in town after a
very Dlearant outing with friends at Camp
Meeker.
Miss Bessie Coghlll has returned from a long
sojourn at the Stanley ranch and was yester
dEy the hostess at a pretty little affair compli
mentary to Mies Loretta Hanley. Each guest
was required to repeat the best story In her
repertoire, ana the two cleverst story tellers —
in this case Edna Prather and Verda Clap
ham — received prizes. The party Included:
Mlts Loretta Hanley. Miss Anita Thompson,
MIescs Ruth and Rose Kales, Miss Elsie Fry
Miffl Hazel Pierce, Miss Verda Clapharn, Miss
Fay Chapman, Mlsg Vita Vincent, Miss Vir
ginia Harmon, Miss Irene Bangs, Miss Kittle
Kutz. Miss Helen Thomas and Miss Edna
Prather.
Another expectant band is waiting Impa
tiently for to-morrow. wh»n Mrs. R. A. Bray
will entertain for her little niece. Lucile Cook.
Tht ballroom at Alta Vista, the Henry Butters'
home, will be opened for the occasion and
e\-ery one concerned is anticipating a glorious
time.
• • •
The youngsters are having their innings now,
before all the grown folks get back to mo
nopolize the "partie»."
.Last Saturday little Andrew Stone, the two
year-old heir of the A. L. Stones, celebrated
his birthday. and the attractive Vermin
Heights home was filled with as merry and
pretty a band of little folks as one would
cai • to see. A wonderful Jack Homer pie.
filled wlvh gifts, and an equally wonderful
great bag furnished part of the pleasure ot
the memorable afternoon. Master Andrew'*
guests w*ye: Misses Mora Macdonald, Theresa
Wlliiams. Elllta Adams. KUzabeth Aiiam-.
Master? Donali Macdonald, Clarence William,
Detiick Havemeyer, Uruce Howard and Wil
liam Stone.
Mr?. Hume is an unusually clever woman
and one of the best talkers that have been
heard from Kb.H'.j platform, and if her execu
tive ability and tact are equal to her eloquence
the club is fortunate indeed that calls her
At the meeting yesterday the resignation of
Mrs. Z. T. Gilpin as treasurer was accepted
with great regret. Mrs. Gllpln was ' recently
elected to serve a second term as treasurer,
but for personal reasons felt that she would
be unable to give futher attention to her Im
portant office and begged to be relieved of its
duties. U was with a real and sincere regret
and amid much protest /hat Mrs. Gilpin's res
ignation was' accepted. Her successor will
probabily be named by the board some time
before the beginning of the club's next season.
OAKLAND. July 19.— Ebell, which has been,
officially, without a head for seme months,
was once more made whole at a meeting of
the board yesterday afternoon, when Mrs. J.
Ii. Hume was re-elected president. It will be
remembered that Mrs. Hume was elected to
succeed Miss Mabel Thayer Gray and resigned,
after presiding a few times, en account of the
Illness of her husband, since deceased. The
vice president, MrF. C W. Kinsey. has per
foimed the duties of the vacant position most
efficiently and has been repeatedly urged to
accept the presidential honors, but with char
acteristic modesty has refused, believing that
Sirs. Hume should be asked to reconsider her
resignation.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
AGAINLEADSEBELL
BERKELEY, July 19. — The Pacific
Theological Seminary will have a
summer school of Its own this year
and for the faculty the officers of the
college have secured some of the most
prominent educators and pulpit think
ers in America. Among the members
of the faculty will be the Rev. Charles
R. Brown of Oakland; Professor Ed
gar McFayden of Knox College, To
ronto; Dean Sanders of Yale Univer
sity, Professor Elmer E. Brown of the
University of California and the Rev.
R. R. Meredith of Pasadena. The
session will begin on Monday next, for
which day and subsequent days the
following course of lectures has been
arranged: The Rev. Dr. Brown. "The
Oppression of the People," "The In
dustrial Deliverance," "The Training
in Freedom," "The New Social Or
der"; Professor McFayden, "Where
Shall I Find. God?" "Is God Just?"
"Does God Care?" "What Is the Duty
of Man?" "What Is the Meaning of
Suffering?" "What Shall We Do With
the Bible?" Dean Sanders, "Improved
Methods With the Bible School." "The
Teaching Function of the Church,"
"The Bible School and the Church";
Professor Brown, "Educational Aims,"
"Psychological Aspects of Instruc
tion," "The Institutional Theory of
Education"; Dr. Meredith, "The
Church and the Children," "Charac
teristics of the Bible," "The Great
Teacher the Preacher's Model."
Pnclflc Theological Seminary Secures
Services of Prominent Divines to
Give Tiectures.
PREACHERS TO TAKE v
SUMMER SCHOOL WORK
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 19.
With a pistol in her lap, Mrs. C.
Preston, who keeps a small grocery
and notion store in Fruitvale, sat at
her rear door and kept a constable,
three bondsmen and a bill collector at
bay for- 1 went v-four hours.
They had an attachment on her
place, but she is in possession and so
far their efforts to dislodge her have
been of no avail. She threatened to
put a bullet thrqugh the first man that
stepped inside her door and none of
the besiegers . so far have given any
indication that they want the honor.
This afternoon she left her step
daughter Lena, with the pistol. In
charge of the premises while she went
to the District Attorney's office and in
terviewed Deputy T. W. Harris in re
gard to her rights and also to see
whether she could not get a warrant
for the arrest of W. E. Dean, the.col
lector, for forgery, - she making the
statement that he forged the name of
Justice of the Peace W. R. Geary to
an execution of judgment served upon
her by Constable Thomas Carroll.
Carroll, while being the constable,
holds the world's record for throwing
the hammer. He was outwitted by the
woman who sat and eyed him with
her pistol close at hand. "While he was
engaged in putting the Sheriff's pad
lock on the outside of her front door,
Mrs. Preston went from her living
rooms m the rear and locked the door
on the inside, so that while she was
barred from going: out the constable
was also barred from entering. Then
she took her station at her rear door.
Sh*e barricaded herself and savs she
will hold the fort until she settles the
trouble in her own way.
Mrs. Preston says that all of her
trouble has been caused by Dean.
While he was collecting bills for her
he took bills against her and got all of
her creditors to give him their bills
and presented them all at- one time.
Her landlord, a painter by the name
of Slmmonds, she says, is also piqued
because she refused to marry him and
has doubled the rent on her and given
that bill also to Dean to collect. "With
bills coming: from everv direction the
woman made up her mind that there
was but one thing to do and that was
to close up until the storm had passed.
Mrs. Preston says she can meet all of
her obligations, but she will also take
her time about doing so.
WOMAN AGRICULTURIST
MEETS* SUDDEN DEATH
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alnmetla County.
TUESDAY. JULY 19.
Union Savings Bank (corporation) to Samuel
II. and Marsraret Bontfleld. lot on S line of
Thirteenth street. 173 W of West. W 25 by 3
100. lot i0. block 1S2, Kellersberger's map.
Oakland; $10. «-
J Charles Green to D. It. McNelll. lots 1 %
45. hud Idora Park Tract. Oakland; $10,000. *
W B. anU EIl«-n Pierce to Joseph J. South
ern, undivided half of lot on .NE line of San
Pablo avenue, 27 :» N from NB corner of
Twenty-seventh (or Park) street and San Pab!»
avenue, E feS:S. N 25. W 1OO: 1 *, S 27:J» to be
ginning, lot 2, block 2023. map No. 2, Whitchep
Tract. Oakland: *lo.
Wilhelm'.na F. C Koch (Nachtrieb) to Mar
garet Nachtrelb (widow), lot on JJ lin» of
'iwrntieth street, 1C<» W of Curtis, W by
N loo, portion of lot 11. block N, Curtis *
William* Tract. Oakland; $10.
Ihumasine li. and Jamrs P. Rich to Wil
liam It. Tour-ff. lot on N line of Thlrtl#ti»
street. 2<55 W of Grove, W SO by Jf 110. lot
S9 1 . blcck 2031. Rowland Tract.' Oakland: $10.
Nancy E. Batchelder (widow) to Carrie Fore*
(widow*, lot on N line of West fifth street.
50 W of Henry. Vt 23 by N 100, lot 8. Woele
B-1IA.. Bay View Homestead, Oakland; $lu.
James B. Roberts (single) to H. W. Franc"*,
lot beginning at a point on line dividing plat»
*T> and 21, distant SW 435.B7 from SW Una of
I.ee lUreet. as per map of subdivision No. 1 f»f
Adams Point property. SVV 50 by SE 133.
purticn tlat 21. map K. and I>. Peralta. Oak
land: $10.
L.. W. and Maggie M. Burnham to Mat Bo
dem. lot on E line of Manila street. RO.8B .V
from Intersection with S line of block 3, N ii«
by E 112, lot 6. block 3. map blocks 3 and 4,
iVrkeley Park, Oakland; $10.
Mary F. Dewing (widow) to George W. Aus
tin. N B feet of lot IS. block 3, revised ma? of
San Pablo avenue Villa Tract; $1O.
D. K. and Lillie F. Oliver to L'nion Savings
Bank (corporation), lots 1 to 3, block ?>, and
lots 10 to 12, block 6, San Antonio, East Oak
land: $10.
IIel?n M. and J. II. Franklin to Marie Uued
(widow), lot on \V line cf Grove street. 90 i
of Addlson. S 40 by W 121.25. block 1. McGe»
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Ilymaa and Dora Davis to Max Silverstern.
lot on S line of Third street. 10O E of Harrison,
E 8o by S 10O. lots lo and 11. block 15. Kel
lersberger's map Oakland; $10.
George L. Painter (widower) to Sarah C.
O'llourke (single), lot on XVV corner of For
tieth street and Telegraph avenue, N 30 by
W ICO. Oakland; $10.
K. J. and Lydla F. Sh«-pard»on to Ben O.
Johnson. lot on K line of Han Pablo avenue,
SB.<>4 X of Thirty-first street. N 27.72. K 73. 4«.
S 25. W Ki.oS, portion of lot 4. block 2030,
Rowland Tract. Oakland; $li>.
John A. C and Edla «. Brett to C. A. An
derson, lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 53.1
W of Magnolia. W 20:1 by S 0O:»;. portion of
Iot3 2 and 3, block B73h map survey 1WX). a>
redivlsion of block 575, Oakland; $10.
George W. Austin to Krederica B. Brust
gruen. let on TV line of Tirnadway, 142 N of
Prospect avmue, N 112, W 14.1.77. S l.;7:«. 12
to beginning, portion of Iot9 31 and 28,
Academy Homestead Association property, .n
per map of property of Oakland Homestead
Association, Oakland: $10.
Frederlca B. Brustgnifn to George W. Aus
tin, lot on N line o£ Prospect avenue. 1152 13
of Telegraph avenue, as nn May 22. V*MH5. thenc*
N i:i7:tt. K to point in W Broadway. 142. N of
its intersection with N line of Prospect ave
nue, S 142, \V tf> beclnnlnp. portion of lots
ol and 36, same map, OakUnd; $10.
Charles N. and Mary K. Wood to Daniel and
Alice Horgan, lot en S lino of Brockhnrst
street: 3L\S.at> W of Grove. IV 23.11. S 71.35. B
25. N 70. 1M. Oakland; $10.
Louis G. and Olive F. Atkins to John Carl
son, lot on S line of Thirtieth strtwt, ;l!5 W
of Grove. W 50 by S 14t>. lota 28 and 27. block
O-2VM of Henry's subdivision of Brockhuret
Tract Oakland; $10.
Frank Edwarda to .Rudolph Etaedler. lot
on W line ofOpal street. 145 N of West on
avenue or Thirty-eighth street, JH 25 by W
118 lot 0. block K. Broadway and Telegraph,
Avenue Park Tract, etc.. Oakland: $V>.
PavH Mitchell to Josephine Carantan. tot
brsinnln^ at point • of Intersection of S lln»
of Berkeley Branch Railroad and — , these*
y alonsr said line of Twelfth street U». B
KiO. N 60. W 5<». N 102.72. to S line of sail
a\t'r.ue. W 51.47 to hejinning. lot « and por
tion lots 2 and S, block 25. map property of
I* M. Beaudry and G. Peladeau. etc.. Oak
land: *1O.
1,-iurn. A. Phelps (widow) to Jennie McCatl
Bliss »wife of P. !*.>. lot on S lln« of Lydla
street. 2^5 W of Curtis. W 2* by S_10O. por
tion lit 5, block I, Curtis and Williams Tract,
Oakland: SI' 1 .
ppter Brown to Florence E. Griffin (Trlf»
of K. W\). lot 8. map Drexler Tract. Oakland;
etft.
Elizabeth and Henry Alne to W. J. Schmidt.
lots 1 to 5. block 60. tract B. Berkeley L. and
T. I. Association. Derkrley; also Iot3 27 to 32.
block W>. same. Berkeley. d»e<l given to cor
rect deed from same rrantora dated July 23,
1002; ?10.
Prohibitionists Will Ratify.
OAKLAND, July 19. — The Prohibi
tionists will hold a ratification meet
ing on Saturday evening at Hamilton
Hall. Delegates who attended the Na
tional Prohibition Convention at In
dianapolis will address the meeting.
Mrs. Mury B. Coulston, Assistant In
structor at University of Califor
nia, Dies After Short Illness.
BERKELEY, July 19.— Mrs. Mary
B. Coulston.who was recently appoint
ed an assistant in agriculture at the
University of California, died Sunday
morning at the East Bay Sanitarium
after, being sick but one day from an
intestinal affection. She came to
Berkeley from her home in San Diego
after her appointment two weeks ago
and attended the summer school lec
tures. She had also prepared for her
course of lectures at farmers' insti
tutes, which were to begin with the
fall semester, but illness seized her
while she was in the midst of her
work.
Mrs. Coulston was graduated from
the agricultural college of Cornell
University and had always been inter
ested in agricultural pursuits. She
served for a period as editor of Gar
den and forest and also as secretary
to Steven Parsons, the New York
landscape artist. She leaves a daugh
ter, who is npw on her way to Europe
with a New York theatrical troupe.
RAIIJIOAD MEN* ARE HELD
ON" MANSLAUGHTER CHARGE!
Station Ascent and Flagman Accused
by Coroner's Jnry Must
Stand Trial.
NEW YORK. July 19. — A charge of
manslaughter was preferred against
William T. Richards, the station
agent at Midvale. N. J., and Ernest
Keller, flagman on the excursion train
which was wrecked on the Erie Rait*
road near Midvale on July 10. Rich
ards and Keller were held responsible
for the accident, which cost sixteen
lives, by the Coroner's Jury, which re
ported yesterday.
Company Is Formed In New Jersey to
Do General Construction
Business.
TRENTON. N. J., July 19.— Tha
Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad
Company was incorporated here to
day with an authorized capital of
$1,000,000 to do a general construc
tion business. Among the tncorpora
tors is G. M. Smith of Oakland. Cal.
TOXOPAH TO HAVE. NEW
RAILROAD CORPORATION
Says AVife Keeps Late Hours.
OAKLAND, July ID.— Suit for divorce
was begun to-day by Edward E.
Thornton against Amanda C. Thorn
ton on the ground of cruelty. He says
she kept late hours and sometimes
stayed away several days and nights
at a time without letting him know
where she was. They have a girl nine
years of age of which he asks the cus
tody.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. July 19.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Will A. Brown,
28, and Mary Brown, 25, both of San
Francisco; John Campbell, 30, San
Francisco, and Elizabeth Noble, 24,
Oakland.
The untouched wealth of an unhappy
wife, given by her husband as the price
of his release from his marriage obli
gations, lies buried under the cottage
of an Oakland laborer. Such is the
tale told by a mysterious visitor to the
cottage, but questioned by its occu
pants.
Mrs. A. D. Thompson, of 1S58 Eighth
street, this city; received an unusual
caller on last Saturday evening. The
name of 'the guest is unknown, but the
mission that took her to Mrs. Thomp
son's door is singular in the extreme.
While Mrs. Thompson was visiting
neighbors Saturday night a strange
woman called at her house and in
quired for her. Mrs. Thompson's lit
tle girl immediately summoned her
mother and in a few moments both
women were in earnest conversation.
The stranger informed Mrs. Thompson
that $5000 in coin was buried under her
hojise. The money had lain there for
years, paid the Informant, and the
amount a divorced man paid to his wife
after their separation. The strange
treasure-seeker wanted to tear out the
foundation from the house and to delve
deep Into the alleged mystery. Mrs.
Thompson informed her husband, who
Is a switchman at the West Oakland
railroad yards. Thompson was not
anxious to tear up the house and the
story has therefore rested. Mrs.
Thompson did not learn the Identity of
her visitor, who departed after being
denied permission to search for the
hidden gold.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 19.
Last year the assessment of the Con
tra Costa "Water Company reached an
aggregate of $5,000,000. This year, with
the reductions made in the franchises
end the water in the reservoirs, the
total assessment reaches less than $3,
iOO.000.
Examination of the assessment books
fhowg that while the Contra Costa
Water Company has been griven jrreat
reductions the Spring Valley "Water
Company's assessment has been con
siderably increased. The assessment
Huch being the case, and there being a ques
tion as to the validity of the assessments
against the franchise and water, I have deter
mined to pursue the course of assessing the
franchise and water at a nominal figure until
the courts have parsed on the validity of the
assessment. I have trl*<J for years to have
the matter of the aHFessmer.t against the wa
ter or>ror>any's franchise tested through th?
courts, hut have been unable to do so until
!a« year, when the Board of Equalization re
fused to allow th» assessment to be reduced
a* requested by the water company. Since
thrt time the water company has taken the
matter Into the courts and we will now have
a judicial determination of the matter. Had
the Board of Equalization years ago allowed
the assessment on the franchise to stand so
that It could have been taken into the courts
I would have pursued the same courm* I am
now pursuing. It Is a matter I feel should be
tfc-fcrrpin'-d ty the courts.
That being the case, If the taxes are so con
cluded as part of operating expenses and the
assessments oa the franchise and water are
continued and the decision of the courts should
b« in favor of the water company and de
clare these assessments void then the company
would be' that much the gainer and the tax
payer* the losers.
With the Mayor's letter Assessor
D-\ltoti has given out the following
typewritten statement of his posi
tion:
I have reduced the assessment against the
Contra. Costa Water Company^ franchise and
water for tte reason that the assessment on
that porUon of their property is now In th«
courts for a Judicial determination as to
whether they are assessable or not, and fur
thermore, from the light thrown on these mat
ters through the suit In the United States
Circuit Court of the Water Company against
the city of Oakland, and conversations I have
had with the attorneys for the city of Oak
land, es well as the accompanying opinion
frum Mayor Olney. I have concluded that it
is better for t»-e people of this county that
only a nominal assessment should be pieced
on the franchise and water In as much as, ac
cording to the courts' present Interpretation of
the law the water company is permitted to
charre for the taxes and collect the amount
from the rate payers, as part operating ex
penses.
DALTOX'S EXPLANATION.
One of the grounds upon which an Injunction
was brought by the Contra Costa Water Com
,pany In the United States Circuit Court lor
biddlng the enforcement of the last rates fixed
by the Council was that the Council had not
allowed the sum of $5O,0UO estimated to be
necessary to pay the taxes upon the franchises
and water of the corporation. It Is my opinion
that if these items are assessed and the taxes
collected fiom the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, the peopl*. and not the corporation, will
have to pay them. Kespectfully
WARREN OLXET.
]t is. therefore, questionable in my mind
whether any taxe« can be imposed on the prop
erty of a corporation solely devoted to supply
ing a municipality and Its inhabitants with
water, but, however that may be, it Is clear
to me that the franchise of the Contra Costa
Water Company as puch has no value. Any
<<ther comvar.y or Individual may come into
Oakland and lay pipee In our streets, and there
fore tfwre It nu right conferred upon the CoiUra.
Costa Water Company that any other corpora
tion ot Individual may not avail of.
The definition of a franchise as contained in
all of the books' is substantially the same. viz. :
'Franchises are special privileges conferred
ly Government ui>on individuals and which
tio not belong to the citizens of the country
generally of common right." Keeping this
definition in view, you will Fee that the Contra
<'oi»ta Water Company has not a franchise
within the terms of that definition. Therefore
it is my opinion that the County 'Assessor of
Alameda ought not to assess the franchises
rf the Centra Costa Water Company. I will
to further and say that I co not think the
County Assessor ought to assess the water
impounded and *tor*-d for the purpose of sup
plying the people. This water is by the very
terms of the constitution devoted to a public
use and if any taxes are imposed thereon the
consumers must pay them. The constitution
does not contemplate they Fhall do this, nor
is it right that they should.
For the profctioa of the rights of men who
invc-nt their money in these quasi public cor
l»or«ticns <as they are called) the courts havo
held that the Council in declaring what the
cr.nru Tiers shall pay muet so fix th<? rates' thiit
after paying -the running expenses there -hall
I* left a net Ir.come which shall be reasonable
ur.der all circumstances as compensation for
the uee by the public of the property. There
fore, in establishing the rates, the Council
mart provide, first, for the running expenses.
Including taxes, and then add a reasonable
i ate of interest on the value of the property.
That is to uy, the consumers of the wat<?r
mutt pay the legitimate expenses of the water
<oinpany and a reasonable return or interest on
the value of the property. These are the two
e mount* that must be paid by the consumer.
Included In the running expense*, of course, are
the ennual taxes levied upon the property of
the water company. Therefore it is not the
water company, under the scheme devised Sj; 
<>ur constitution, that pays the taxes, but It u
the water consumer.
PEOPLE PAY THE TAXES.
County Assessor Dalton's action in
reducing the assessment of the fran
chises and the water in the reservoirs
of the Contra Costa Water Company
from 52,445,000, which was the assess
ment last year, to the nominal value
of 51200 this year, resulting in a net
reduction of $2,443,600, was explained
by him to-day. Dalton made public a
letter written to him by Mayor Olney,
with whom he had conferred in regard
to the aFsessments, supplemented by a
statement made by himself. In his let
ter the Mayor advances the theory that
to assess water and franchises of the
water company and then allow the
company to include the taxes paid on
its assessments in its running expenses,
for which allowance must be made in
fixing water rates, is useless labor. His
letter is as follows:
OAKLAND. Cal.. July 16. 1WM. Hon. Henry
P. Dalton County Assessor. AlarufUa County,
r»ar Sir— Referring to our conversation of
ywtfrfay relating to the assessment of the
property of the Contra Cofta. Water Company,
asd especially relating to the assessing of Its
franchise, I beg to cay: '
A corporation fupplyine water to the Inhab
itants of a city occupies an entirely different
poKtirm from an ordinary private oorjHJratlcn.
It it a public utility corjioraticn In the etri<-t«si
and coirrletest eeiw. much more so than a
en-pet railway company. The constitution of
our mate declare* that tbe use of water Is a
public use and that any corporation has the
right to lay pipes in the wtreet* of the city
in order to *upply the city and its inhabitants
with water. In return for this privilege the
corporation must assent to the Council fixing:
the rates that may be charE*-d for water. It
will thus b« «een that the water i# for the
use of the public, that the City Council fixes
the rates that shall l>e charged by the corpora
tion rupplylng it, and that the corporation has
th P absolute right to use tho streets of the
<iiy in order to supply this essential of life.
It must continue to supply water as long as
the rates as fixed by the Council are paid.
It presents many aspects of a public corpora
tion as diftlnguifhed from a private cne.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 19.
Where Hill spent his time from Wed
nesday morning until the time of his
death has not been ascertained and the
last man who saw him alive has not
yet been discovered.
The inquest will be held on Friday
night and all pertinent witnesses have
been subpoenaed. Few of them will be
able to throw any light on the manner
of death. The bulk of the testimony/
will be concerning the life of the de
ceased until the time he disappeared
¦from the residence of his landlady, on
Sixteenth street, and the Incidents at
tending the finding of the body. Jus
tice of the Peace Quinn will conduct
the inquest in the absence of Coroner
Mehrmann.
The death of Dr. Charles F. Hill,
whose body was discovered in the
Piedmont hills last Saturday afte^
noon, still remains, a mystery. The
officials, despite' much unexplained cir
cumstance, are inclined to pronounce
the case one of suicide, arid from ap
pearances but little further investiga
tion will be made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 19.
Mayor Warren Olney Thinks
It a Good Plan to Allow
Franchises to Go Free
Mrs. A. D. Thompson of West
Oakland Gives Minute Ac
count of Stranger's Visit
Officials Are Inclined to
Pass the Case as One of
Suicide From Despondency
She Tells Him That the First
One to Come Inside Will Be
the Recipient of a Bullet
OFFICER WAITS OUTSIDE
OTHERS SUGGESTED IT
STORY CAUSES SURPRISE
INQUEST TO BE HELD
Wife- of a Switchman Is
Informed That Treasure
Bests Beneath Her House
Unfortunate Doctor's Case
Is Still in the Dark and
Little Inquiry Is Made
Mrs. C. Preston Sits in Her
Door at Town of Fruitvale
With. Pistol in Her Lap
Explains .Reduction of the
I Assessment of the Contra
Costa Water Company
DALTON STATES
HIS POSITION
MTSTERY VEILS
HILL'S DEMISE
ARMED WOMAN
KEEPS MEN OFF
TELLS A TALE
OF BURIED GOLD
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
THE \SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
Young .William H. Edwards Falls Victim to Reckless
Shooting by Everett Jordan, Whose Rifle Bullet Pene
trates Heart of Unfortunate as He Passes in Next Yard
LIFE IS LOST AS RESULT
OF WILD TARGET PRACTICE
6
A^^yjERTISKMENTS;
ordeal through'which the ex-
N^]!lf^E!IlSn&i£^ pectant mother must pass usually in
fl S ° * U^ °^ su^ e " n &» "anger and fear
viBIl ia!sjE| x*^ that she looks forward to the critical
, _ . k° ur with apprehension and dread.
Mother s mend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings and
so prepares the system for the '
ordeal that she passes through Pi J| /T\ If J§^ /p\ F7&9 jT^
the event safely and with but fwBflHBHBH^S %k
have testified and said, "it is »
worth its -weight in gold." $1.00 per HIcTKH/fXcrft. Jfi
. bottle of druggists. Book containing |j B^ 11 gr** n § m\
valuable information mailed free. H |f S^^BBxm
I HE BRADF1UD REGULATOR CO., Atlanta. G» ' .
BRANCH OFFICES
OP THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
101G Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
21-18 Center Street.
Telephone North li.
ALAMEDA.
1425 Park Street.
Telephone Alanieda 559.The greatest trees In the world are reached
by the Southern Pacific rout* to Yosemlte Val
ley. Best train service: oiled stage road; enter
the valley at Inspiration Point and leave via
Glacier Point. Everything worth seeing. Fold
ers, maps and full information of any i agent
or at C13 Market «t. •
The Famous Marlposa Big Trees.
GOLDFIELD. July 19. -George A. Kernic*
has sold less than a one-third interest in tha
Jumbo mine for $137,500.
New Marshal in Nevada Cho««>n.
WASHINGTON. July IS.— Robert
Crimmon of Reno, Nev.. has been ap
pointed United States Marshal for tha
district of Nevada.
Yc Olde English Inn.
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pan-
American Quartet. • ¦
Thomas Fitzpatrick and Edward
Daly, known as "bay pirates," who
were charged with grand larceny,
were allowed to plead guilty to petty
larceny in Judge Dunne's court yes
terday and were ordered to appear for
sentence on Saturday. On' April 15
they stole two cases of rubber hose,
valued at $100, from the wharf of the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany.
Bay Pirates Plead Guilty.
William Brown, first mate of the
American ship George Curtis, met
with a serious accident yesterday
while the vessel was lying at the Har
rison-street wharf. He was standing
in the forward house, when he lost his
balance and fell on the deck headfore
most. He was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Carl Wilson
treated him for two lacerated wounds
on the head with contusion and pos
sible serious internal Injuries.
Mate's Heavy Fall.
Articles of Incorporation were filed
yesterday by the Worklngmen's, Co
operative Commercial Company, which
proposes to go Into the merchandise
business with a capital stock of
$50,000. Fifteen of the Incorporators
subscribe for $100 worth of shares
each. At the head of the list are R.
Cornelius, W. S. Shafer, J. H. Bowl-
Ing and Patrick Lynch. Cornelius Is
president of the Street Railway Em
ployes' Union and the others are mem
bers of the same organization.
Workingmen Co-operate.
The Well Known Dry Goods Establish
ment of C. Curtin Closes Its Doors.
After more than forty years of an
honorable business career in San Fran
cisco, C. Curtin haa retired from busi
ness and sold all his larpe stock of
dry goods to Hale Bros. Mr. Curtin's
connection with the business interests of
the city and'State dates back before the
civil war, during which long period he
has conducted one of the leading dry
goods eatablfshments with unvarying
success. The uniform courtesy extended
to patrons won and held for the house
a large and valued patronage. Needless
to say. with this big addition to their
stock, it is the intention of Hale Bros,
to Inaugurate a cut-price sale on these
goods which will command public atten
tion. The announcements of bargains
will be made later through the adver
tising columns for the sale, which will
commence with Monday of next week.
TRANSFER OF A BIG BUSINESS.
Church Convention Is Well Attended.
SANTA CRUZ, July 19. — The State
Christian Endeavor convention of the
Christian churches at Garfleld Park
is being well attended. The sessions
are presided over by State President
J. B. ( Sayers of San Francisco. The
prayer and praise service this evening
was conducted by Rev. A. C. McKee
ver of Fresno. Rev. Frank Jones of
Selma preached the sermon.
WANTS DAMAGES FOR DOG .BITE. —
Henry Barton filed suit yesterday to recover
$299 from Mary J. White as damages for be
in? bitten by a dog belonging: to the de
fendant. \
REDDING, July 19.— The General
Land Office at Washington, has just
handed down a decision sustaining the
ruling of the Reddins: Land Office that
E. P. Sherk, J. G. Fletcher and Frank
Large are entitled to fourteen acres of
land in the center of the town of Har
rison Gulch, a mining camp of 2000
population, located fifty-two miles
southwest of this city.
Shasta Land Decision.
SACRAMENTO. July 19.— The propo
sition to bond the city for $200,000 for
a new high school' carried at a special
election to-day by 224 votes more than
the necessary two-thirds of the votes
cast. The same proposition was placed
before the people several years ago and
defeated. It was believed by many pol
iticians that the same fate, awaited it
this year, .when the Council of Women's
Clubs of Sacramento took hold of the
matter and started a campaign more
vigorous than the city had ever wit
nessed. The council went before the
Board of Health, and had it condemn
the present high school as unsanitary.
It next enlisted the assistance of every
fraternal order in. the city in behalf
of the project. The council has caused
every street car, every tree, every thea
ter curtain and every faction of all po
litical parties to blazon forth or talk
up the claims of the new high school.
It aleo arranged with the Southern Pa
cific Company to allow Its thousands of
employes time to vote.
All day to-day the women used their
private equipages to carry voters to
the polls and everybody to-night de
clares the Women's Council Is entitled
to the credit for the victory.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Use Their Own Equipages
to Carry the Voters to
the Several Polling Places
SCOKE A BIG VICTORY
The title to two diamond rings of the
aggregate value of $440 was argued be
fore Judge Fritz by former District
Attorney D. J. Murphy, representing
Mrs. Kittle Bennett of 304 Sutter streef,
and Attorney Arthur Mack, pleading
for B. Jacobs, pawnbroker at 702
Kearny street.
Mrs. Bennett testified that she was
In the court of Judge Mogan there
was a ruthless tearing away of the
mystery pertaining to a recent "illu
sion act" at the Chutes. Claude Alex
ander, manager of "Argo, the Floating
Lady," was accused of serio-usly as
saulting W. H. Nicholson, his as
sistant, his sole provocation being a
suspicion that the complainant had
"tipped off" the secret of how Argo
was made to float in the atmosphere
and strike entrancing poses without
having any visible material means of
support. Whether the suspicion of Mr.
Alexander was justified or not. Mr.
Nicholson certainly did "tip off" the
illusion when he mounted the witness
stand. In response to an inquiry from
the bench as to his occupation at the
time of the assault he said he operated
the iron rod that held up "Argo" while
she mystified and delighted all un
initiated beholders.
According to Nicholson's story the
assault was a dramatic affair. Under
neath the stage, with lights extinguish
ed for the purpose, he was knocked
down and kicked on head and body by
Alexander until his senses fled. Ere he
entered oblivion, however, he heard
Alexander soliloquize to the effect that
the limp body would be carried to the
highest point of the scenic railway
and from there dropped to the asphal
tum navement far below, whence it
would be removed to the Morgue as
the corpse of one who had fallen from
a car on the elevated track. The in
tended finale was frustrated by Nichol
son recovering consciousness and
crawling away.
Further testimony will be heard to
day. *-•-.;•
John Hansen, George Smith and C.
F. Frazer, deep water sailors, who
were windjammed around the Horn to
gether, celebrated their arrival from a
voyage thickly punctuated with storms
by drinking to excess and then indulg
ing in a three-cornered fight in a wa
ter front boarding-house. The land
lord of the establishment, alarmed for
the safety of his palatial barroom fur
niture, indiscreetly butted into the me
lee and endeavored to split out the
combatant. He was seated in a saw
dust-filled cuspidor and nursing a bad
ly mashed face when the policeman
arrived and arrested the battling trio.
When the quartet appeared before
Judge Fritz the boarding master's
head was a pitiful sight, while the
leather-like countenances of the three
mariners exhibited no sign of recent
punishent. As nobody seemed partic
ularly eager to prosecute anybody else,
one of the seamen declaring that he
would go to the brig and exist on wee
viled hardtack and bilgewater for life
rather than testify against a shipmate,
the case was dismissed.
The story was reminiscent of a
"thriller" at the Central Theater.
Time, 3:30 a. m., Thursday, July 14.
Landlady awakened from sound slum
ber by muffled noises. Traces them to
apartment rented to Howard Love,
night toiler on a morning newspaper.
She tiptoes to door and listens at key
hole until convinced there are at least
two persons 'n the room and that they
move and speak with a caution that
would not be exercised if their intent
were honest. Then she hangs on to
the door knob and yells for aid. In
mates of apartment grasp knob on
other side and also pull, but their
united strength cannot open the door.
Then they are nabbed by lodgers, who
fly to assistance of landlady.
Testimony for the prosecution was
concluded yesterday. Love identifying
as his own some plunder which the
burglars had packed up while in the
room, and various witnesses telling of
the coolness and pluck displayed by
Mrs. Blythe. Then the hearing was
continued till to-day, and as Bailiff
Mahoncy was escorting the two de
fendants back to prison he overheard
Geer remark to Benson that he intend
ed to kill Love. The remark was re
ported to the Judge and Geer will
probably be reminded of it when he
reappears in court this morning.
There was nothing of the traditional
heroine in either the appearance or the
manner of Mrs. William Blythe as she
sat in Police Judge Mogan's court
room yesterday morning and modestly
listened while witnesses told how she
effected the capture of two young and
apparently desperate burglars who
were ransacking a room in her lodg
ing-house at 511 Taylor street. Mid
dle-aged, rather delicate looking, and
with careworn facial expression, she
was about the last woman In the
world that one would suspect of pos
sessing/ the resourcefulness and cour
age credited to her by the testimony.
There was no appearance of the com
plaining witness. Mrs. E. Petrich,
against William H. Stansbury, charged
with sealing a purse from the woman
while she was standing near her resi
dence, 585 Post street, ;. last Sunday
night, and the case was dismissed by
Judge Conlan. Stansbury seemed to
be more aggrieved than pleased with
the dismissal, as he claimed ability
fully to prove his innocence of the of
fense of which he was accused.
Judge Fritz sent three cases to the
Superior Court, with bail in each fixed
at $1000. The defendants are Walter
Haynes, charged with having stolen
two calves, killing them and selling the
carcasses; C. L. Daniels, accused of em
bezzling $98 from the Illinois Pacific
Glass Company while employed as
claims agent for that corporation, and
Joseph Mann, who beat a woman on
the head with a bottle.
August Geber, charged with murder
ing the Hartmann brothers, Charles
and George, was in Judge Conlan's
court, but his arraignment was con
tinued till to-day on account of the
absence of witnesses who were attend
ing the funeral of George. The shoot
ing occurred on Sunday, July 10,
Charles dying instantly and George
lingering until last Sunday evening.
Judge Fritz delivered a scathing lec
ture to three small boys— George Pine,
William Flower and George Farrell—
who were arrested for disorderly con
duct last Sunday at the Seven-mile
House. They indulged in rabid hood
lumism on a street car, to the annoy
ance of passengers who were taking
advantage of the rest day to obtain
quiet recreation In the suburbs.
"This thing of hoodlums making
Sunday hideous for respectable folk
who venture to visit the suburbs will
be severely dealt with by me," said
his Honor, "for I understand it is on
the increase. These defendants are
young, and that fact is the only ex
tenuating phase of their conduct. The
case is continued until I can ascer
tain more about their general charac
ter."
Edward Beach and his wife were
married thirteen months ago and a 4
months-old Infant is said to be so bad
ly neglected by its father that the
Universal Service Society, of which
Mrs. John Pettee is the president and
active worker, has him before Judge
Mogan on a charge of failure to pro
vide for his minor child.
Mrs. Beach says there is another
woman In the case— baptismal name
Nellie, surname unknown — and that
ever since Mr. Beach met Nellie he
has had no use for his own family. He
Is a house carpenter, and was
temporarily pursuing his vocation at
Woodland when he met and became
enamored of Nellie, and now he haa her
living at his father's house on Folsom
street, where he spends most of his
time, leaving his wife to support the
baby as best she can.
The case will be more fully aired to
day.
touring the Chinese lingerie stores ••
Eddy street, the object of her quest b«
ingr material for a shirtwaist, when »h«
missed a Japanese purse containing the
rings and some other property and she
thought it had been stolen from her
In one of the shops, said opinion being
strengthened by the fact that although
she advertised her deprivation in the
morning papers she received no re
sponse. She also informed the police
and a detective discovered the rings
in the pawnshop of Mr. Jacobs, where
they had been sold for $200 cash by a
portly, pleasant-spoken gentleman-
Mrs. Bennett wanted to recover the
rings and Mr.« Jacobs naturally de
sired to keep them. Judge Fritz haa
the case under advisement.
Successfully Manage Fight
for a New High School
Building in Sacramento
Witnesses Recount How Mrs. William Blythe Discovers
Marauders Ransacking an Apartment in Her Lodging
House and Held Door and Screamed for Assistance
WOMEN CARRY
BOND ELECTION
WOMAN BAGS TWO BURGLARS
AND MODESTLY WEARS FAME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
7
PBAGEBS 1 ' FBAQEBS V | "- PRAGEBS
¦jjjjf2^22^2—2ZZ. m K " """" '" '-" ""
Stirring Bargain Specials
Some new garment or piece of goods that have never
been placed on sale before at such low prices : : : :
Women's Muslin Underwear New Exclusive Silks
Compare These Prices \ A /^ °ff er cre two °f our ver >* strongest
THERE will never be a better time to se- W and most popular lines of silks. They
cure stylish, well made underwear at such , ™ rc mad t e , "^ >\\ r US aml at a
ridiculously low prices. figure that makes them absolute bargains.
Corset* Covers Peau e Caro^'
mm-m • r 9 rr,u r ;~ r » r -V. t ' t , HO "Pragers Peau de Carol" — a 20-inch silk
Vyf* terof LuS ?° V T' W1 - h y °^ e ° f S luS ; 58C for shirt Waist suits: .sold oniy ai tbi., store;
£&° f ,i2£; ?? d Torch °" insertion edged ->UW co , b cardin > a] in jnk
with lace of the same. The regular value 50c. ,; ght bIue# black / nd cream: thc most popu i ar P siIk
Drawers. f ° r fall suits. The regular value. 85c a yard.
JjQs-ft M. 0 ' 1 " 1 Drawers in several styles; some Eureka Lining Silk.
tTcked aC r e a mhr^ mS i some . ha . v . e flou " ces of n/V " M ,Pr»gers Eureka Linirfc: Silk' -a silk we
The reelSar ™£ £ ' ° cmbr0ldercd floun cc SUC* guarantee-* very yard warranted; just as
1 he regular value 6 0 c VW good as higher priced silks; in all staple
Skirts, colors. : ;.-: - "".'¦
59c P? *P IS: Women's Summer Apparel
dust ruffle. The regular value. 85c. ==7TrF^-p : . FF e ,
Ci 02 ? xcelIent grade of muslin skirt, with 18- T^HLSE lines are certain to be one of the
hhl»CiO inch flounce of lawn, with three rows of I most important features of Wednesday's
b,nds of >^^ i S'^h?tr,i"fv i «t t cln n y ar i r SalCS " ShirfcWaiSt..
Worth regularly $1.75. Qfl e are 9ff e " n S about one hundred and twen-
tf t 9O Cambric Skirt, with 15-inch flounce of OVC beautiful , ncw sheer lawn shirt waists,
ibl.OO cmbroidcr y with «*» deep dust ruffle V , Thev were late m coming, consequently the
T^ w Always sold at $2.00. " manufacturer stands the loss and we give you the
_ H ~ benefit of this bargain: some pretty style?; in the
GOWnS* lot; nicely tucked with embroidery inserting and
nf\ Muslin Gown, with yoke of either a com- thrce dainty medallions; has pretty collar and new
3VC bination of t"cks and lace or fine tucks- slecve - The reK«lar value. $1.50.
RQpwTri 0 G S w^ n 'i About one hundre d -r-
d»< »»o Gowns o 1 >H«x — * I Cnshioiv Covers.
4>i.CO KOod.qiMlity W ALWAYS RELIABLE V^T Cushion Cov-
II 1 W$ 'T^i l238 " 1250MARKET ST.^ 1 1IP «} gj* »" f :
and cuffs finished with AH the shopping inducements that have a orttty tin.- of onontai
"iSK vatr$^: The made this store popular are stffl here. iSd'^ggT.. t?"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE *.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE INSURANCE
CORPORATION, LIMITED,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THE 31 ST
day of December. A. D. 1903. and for tha
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and «11 of tn« Political Code, condense*
: as p«r blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $230.000 00
ASSETS. =
Real Estate owned by Company.. $319.660 2-1
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 145 000 DO
Cash Market Value of all 8tock»
and Bonds owned by Company 613.7O4 S3
Cash in Company's Office 23.870 24
Cash In Banks 403,21159
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ¦ 2.137 57
Duo from other Companies,
Agent* etc 502.633 23
Total asseta, $3,200,232 Tti
Y.f \ TiTT.I'I'l l.*fl ~ ~
Losses adjusted aad unpaid.....'
Loeses in Drocess of Adjustment
or in Suspense $552,725 39
Losses resisted, includir.e ex-
penses J.
Gross sremlums on Fire Risks)
running one year or less. $-^ — ;
reinsurance 50 per cent
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks 139,058 14
running mom than one year.
$— — : reinsurance pro rata...., .
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks.
$— — ; reinsurance 100 per rent.
Grocs premiums on Marine Time 282.760 11
Risks. S ; reinsurance 50
cent J .
Liability under other departments. 414 SSI ."»
Caah dividend remaining unpaid.. ' 57110
All other Liabilities a, 594 77
Total liabilities -$1,333,055 80
INCOME. = 3
Net eash actually received for Flr»
premiums $408.90« 69
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums......... «68 033 70
Received for Interest oa Bonds
and Mortgages.... 8S5O0O
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and;
from all other sources S3 SOS 54
Received for Rents 13,8*3 SS
Fets received for transfers 11,798 j*
Received from all other sources.. 3a
Total Income. ..$1,014,923 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount said for Firs Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) « $253, OSS S3
Net amount paid for Marln*
Losses (Including $ — ¦ — . losses of
prevlou* years) W3.193 34
Dividends to Stockholders.. 63.000 00
Paid or allowed tor Commission
or Brokerage 412.028 84
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks,
losses of other branches, eto. ... 193 248 64
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes *.2O134
All other payments and expendi-
tures 33,43319
Total expenditures $1.265.131 9»
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. |Premlum*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $212.841.890l$3a7.840 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 220.139.233 4CS.908 63
Net amount In force
December 31. 1903 80.733.137 153.0M 14
Risks and PremiumslMartne Rlsksj Pramlams.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $280,140,630 $2,437,223 9«
Net amount of Risks
expired durtcg the
year 241.4M.0S4 2.028.313 14
Net amount in force
December 31. 1003. 19.558.380 187.760 1 1
PAUL SZELINSKI. President.
MARCUS MAUEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
*Kh day of AprU. j 1904^ g R yQ^^
U. S. Consul General.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TT ":
IITED FIREMEN'S
INSURANCE COMPANY
(\? PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1003. and for the year ending on
that day. as' made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed a» per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
* CAPITAL.
Amourt of Caoital Stock, paid up „
In Cash $300.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $202,034 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 354.86100
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 893,678 0O
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
othrr marketable securities as
collateral "i 1 !??^
Cash in Company's Office 3.664 CO
Cash IB Banks - 54.067 01
Interest due and accrued on all
•Storks and Loans Z.34S bt>
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
! and Mortgages 7.467 96
Premiums in du« Course of Collec-
»!„ j 46, J74 W
Rents* due and accrued 425 00
perpeiual Deposits Jn course of
collection « ,2?"
Al' other Assets "7 05
• Total Assets .Jtl.758,757 84
LIABILITIES.
Losses- adjusted and unpaid $11.13154
L*se 3 in process of Adjustment or ,.-,,.„
in Suspense o^SS!
Losses resisted, including expenses 2.0OOOO
Gross uremiums on Fire Risks run-
Stll 154.469 80
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $355.-
650 82- reinsurance pro --*- 158,251 04
Amount 'reclaimable by the insured
on perpeiual policies 878.100 »T
Due and accrued for salaries. ,
rents, etc • 133 43
Due and to become due for taxes
and assessments 8,868 86
Total Liabilities .jl.257.906 oj
INCOME.
Net c«sh actually received for Fl«
premiums VS**V***"3 v* 09 '***'*
Received for interest on Bond, and -
».to-t cago* • ia,i«a 07
Received for interest and dividends
In Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources ?2-JUT.?l
Received for Rents 10, 027 17
Total Income .$486,585 22
EXPENDITURES.
Vet iimount paid for Fir« Losses
(including $29,313 06. losse. of
previous years) $230,180 23
Dividends to Stockholders. 30,000 00
Paid />r allowed for Commission or
102.753S0
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charses for officers, clerks, etc.. 80,974 05
PaMftr 1^ 11.07072
AH other payments and expendl-
tures 35.545 79
Total Expenditures .1 $440.524 09
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. ..' $222,493 09
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year? $43,089,787 $516.057 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the . • - •
fyear . 40.600,356 4S6.033 11
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903 61.777.849 604,590 60
~ ROBT. B. BEATH. President.
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of January, 1004. WM. M. McKEE Jr..
Notary Public
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
QF PEORIA. IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS.
Jn the 31it day of December, A. D. 1903.
asd for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commis«!oner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner:
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in cash $200.000 00
'
Real Estate owned by Company $7,000 00
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages. . . . 2T6.650 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 150,233 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 71. OSS 93
Cash in Company's Of lice 3,368 10
Cash in Banks 86.2S3 27
Interest due and accrued on all ) ' '
Stocks and Loans 4,739 07
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.113 03
Premiums in dua Course of Collec-
tion % 53.721 92
Total assets $701,294 47
' LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $7,935 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 10,000 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
«nlng one year or less, $S60,l£S &>;
reinsurance 50 per cent 130,014 28
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $-*$,-
179 40; relnsuranc. pro rata 148,098 02
Total liabilities ...$298.007 28
INCOME.
Net eash actually received for Flra
. premiums $371, SS3 78
Received for Interest on Bonds and "\ '
.Mortgages 18,072 01
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 8,168 00
Received for Rents 453 79
Total Income .* $396,533 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $11,793 47, losses of pre-
vious years) $126,373 CO
Dividends to Stockholders 18.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 102,108 08
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. . . . 7.2S9 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 8.944 08
AU other payments and expenditures 17,117 05
Total expenditures ...$276,830 16
Fir*.
Losses incurred during the year.... $126,373 08
Risks and Premiums. Flra Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written daring the
year $32,656,476 $435,908 60
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 16.39«,5ll 223.127 63
Net amount in force
December 31. 1003.. 30.199.545 C0S.207 63
BERNARD CREMER. President.
CHAS. CREMER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 9th
day of January. 1904. . ,.
"WILLIAM F. VOCJEtv Notary Public.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
303 California St., "^^m San Francisco.
Si&'Sat? DOUBLE BILL
CHAttLES FROHMAK Presents
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In Hubert Henry Davies' Comedy.
COUSIN KATE
Followed fry the One-Act "Study."
"CARROTS"
H»plnrin«: next Monday. July 25.
i-ilAIlLES FKOHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
And h: s company in Madeleine Lucette Ryleys
l>onde:i ar.d New York Success.
MICE AND KEN.
SEATS READY TOMORROW
CALIFORNIA.^
ALL THIS WEEK. Q j
I MATINKE SATURDAY. M
lhr Special Season of Melodrama §
IOU by th« ELMKU WALTERS Wl
¦ == OOMTAXY. I-resentine the I
Phcncaenal Success, H
25C A THOROUGHBRED Jj
_ TRAMP I
rn Sunday — JUST STRUCK Ft
hnP town. h :
wuu Coiriceneirnr with Sunday H
i _____ Matinee. ||
I COMING— FLORENCE RPBERTS. | I
Vaudeville's Zenith!
Rose Coghlan & Co.;
Joliaa Bcse; The Mysterious Zancisrs;
Musical Xleist; Le Soy aad Clayton; i
Etrtelle aad Babette D'Arville; Cun- j
&i£grhAm and Smith, and Harry Fee- j
back.
Ilosruliar matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Pjtturday and Sunday. Price* — 10c. 25c
end 50c.
Com— .g — CHABMXOar.
MR. This Week Only.
I liiPA Matinee Saturday.
I A M k V Th « Greatest Hit of
JMlTlLO the s**""-
N E |M THE COWBOY
.„— MD THE LAO!
!Next Sunday Matinee— A GENTLEMAN*
OK FRANCE.
Special Summer Frlces— 15c, 25c, 50c
Tirri Rffnfd Peat in Orch<^tra. 5Oc.
AT f*\ A rj A T-J Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR Bwsa
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THUR& AND SATS.
E^.. 25c to TJic Mats. Tliurs. & 25c to SOc
\A/HITE | And the Alcaar Stock Co. |
WHITTLESEY
In Anthony Hope's Famous Romance.
[THE PRISONER OF ZEHDA j
••Beautifully stared." — Chronicle.
Moo.. July 2T. — MR. ¦WHITTLESET in
"RUPERT OF IIENTZALV Sequel to "The
>': - -.-r of Ztnda."
Market ft., rear Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Massive I'roductlon of the Great Irish His-
torical Drama.
..ROBERT EMMET7
Ilerschel Mayail in thc Title Role.
Brilliant rast! Magnificent Scenery!
Irish Music, Vocal and Instrumental.
JiE* and P.eelB by the Champion Gaelic
Dancers of America.
PDIfFC Eventual 10c to 50c
l 1UWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Xext— GATES OF JUSTICE.
TIVOIJ855£
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
Promenade Circle 3d Floor, SmokersT Para-
filse. Elevator Always Running.
0 0 0 I f*i LAST a WEEKS
ItyyillB Success*
<— HOOD
Beanty Chortts IIVUII
Usual Tivo'.l PHcee— 25c, 50c, 75c
Eetu Always Sellins— Only MaUaee Eat.
Ecccnd week and could run tea.
"A Lucky Stone"
Er Collin Davis and Frank Wltmark.
Tremendously aad Cleverly funny.
With the real "Ail Star" cam: -
IjOROTUY MORTON.
NORA BATES,
RICE & CADY (Ormafl Comedlant)
UOBBY NORTH (Hebrew Comedian).
EDWIN CLARK.
BEN DILLON.
GARRITY SISTERS.
M&Uneea Saturday and Sunday.
S:.me popular prlcea.
Keep your pye oa the next — "THE WHIRL
OK THE TOWN." "*
THE TOBI3TS. DRASDOW AND WILET
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
a&a Evealssr In the Theater.
TAKE A HIDE ON THE
WI5IATUSE ELECTRIC RJVILROAD.
TWO YOTJKG LEOPARDS XX THE ZOO
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION loc | CHILDREN.. 5c
When Phoning; Ask for "The Chutes."
M I SCELXAXEOUS AM USEM EXTS.
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. Seattle
AT RECREATION PARK,
Eichth and Harrison etc. '
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Saturday! z p. m.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M i
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY
Advance tale or «eaU at 5 Stockton tu
"REGATj SHOES.
. ' There's~~a*general demand this
summer from all over the country
for low shoes — the coolest, most
comfortable and sensible shoes you
can wear in warm weather. Rus-
sets lead in popularity once more.
Months ago we knew this — and
our present unequalled line of
Oxfords is the result.'
RUSSET OXFORDS
Sixteen ttyles, made from/ /Q\
the choicest Russet skins A&!-\l
tanned tnlt year. We fSli Yv
"cornered" tie market /Mb! t\
on 'em. The most cor- /Jb£/. ! U
rect shapes of Oxfcrds £sMif \ I
la the moat deslr- /sEmf 1 1
able color are soBUy f J
these Reetl* y1-4af|PF \A
f *t\dw
\\ /ffi Y°u can ret no
\i >ar nth late faah-
\\ JfW Ions elsewhere,
>eV except In the.
\Pi,,'Z>%mT hand " made kind
at $6 to $10 per
pair.
BLACK OXFORDS
Fifty styles, made Jn Kin* Calf,
jm^ King; Kid King Patent Leather,
/¦ngv Wax Cal: and Enamel. Re-
m -ISBgs. P r oduced in every detail
U vHffiK from the hieh-priced New
b vMwMjBy, York custom styles for
a * '.tTJfflKV Mid-Summer.
Sir? QA ek «
Every cor- '•"*•*"" h
rect effect In I
Blncher cat, >fc\. @
lace style, ex- 1
arch ,Military heel E
—features that FIT
- yon In Recall every
time.
Vi$H any of our stores
and be fitted with these
Oxfords. All styles and all sizes
read/ for you there. Footwear in
the latest correct fashions at $3.60.
REGALS
Our new San Francisco
Women's Store is showing a
complete line of summer Oxfords
Jor Women in Russets and other
leathers. They embody all the
latest custom designs, direct
front New York and Paris.
SAN FRANCISCO MEN'S STOEE
Corner Geary and Stockton Sta.
WOMEN'S STORE.
: Corner Geary and Stockton Sta.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
Fhe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho /^t/P S/T* . 7"
Signature of C*^-Jjr7eUtdeAi
Palace Dmj FAIL T0
X COURT Lounging
anfl ro ° m - the empire
uuu PaRLOR, the
(Z£*~A PALM ROOM, the
Grand i:g£i* v u,e p £:
Hotels i^ WRITIN0Clrseland No "Quality."
It has been announced with authority that Alton B.
Parker will make few campaign speeches and will re
main at his Esopus home most of the summer and dur
ing the fall. And the American people will demonstrate
to him in, November that there is nothing in their af
fairs that will disturb the' continuity of his residence at
the New York hamlet far into the spring and summer of
next year. .
ROUND ROBIN— City. "A round
robin" is a circle divided from ths
center like the famed Arthur's table
whence It Is thought to have origi
nated. In edch compartment of the
robin is a signature, so that the en
tire when filled, exhibits a list
without priority belnj gtven to either
name. It Is. however, stated that the
round robin, without which a sailor
would think himself deprived of , his
right of petition, was first invented
in Athens, on the occasion of the con
spiracy of Aristogelton and Harmodius
against the tyYanny of Pialatratlde. The
Romans, in imitation of the Greeks,
not to indicate their preference to
any. either among their guests or
friends or selves, wrote their names
In a circle in such a manner \ihat it
was Impossible to say which was first,
second or last In their choice.
The Mexican Government has ordered ten murderous
robbers, who had dishonored Mexican citizenship, to be
shot to death for the assassination of three Americans.
The news should be sent broadcast among the South
American republics as an object lesson in the treatment
of outlaws who commit a double crime in assaulting
strangers within the borders of a civilized nation.
CARNATION'S— A. H. F.. Slippery
ford. El Dorado County. Cal. The car
nation is one - the finest of florist's
flowers, being a double variety of th*
clove pink, existing only in a state of
cultivation. The carnation Is not d»»
vold of fragrance any more than the
clove pink. Many people confuse the
ordinary pink with the carnation.
WE -are beginning to learn more about Alton
Brooks Parker. The latest is that the Democra
tic standard-bearer is an enthusiastic swimmer.
Nothing interferes with his Honor's daily dip in the
waters of the Hudson. No matter the size of the Judge's
mail — and it is growing every day — it remains untouched
until Mr. Parker has enjoyed his swim; delegations are
compelled to wait in blessed patience until the personal
pleasure of the leader of the Democracy has been in
dulged to his heart's content. We do not blame him for
postponing the tasks of the day until after his natatorial
exercise, for he is then in more desirable condition to
withstand the many Democratic shocks that daily fall to
his lot. .
It must be an inspiring sight to behold candidate Par
ker standing on the bank of the river at Esopus pre
paratory to his matutinal plunge. Clad in a woolen
bathing-suit of attractive hue the physical picture must
be fair for Dem6cracy's hosts to look upon. And when
the standard-bearer makes his already celebrated dive
into the waters of the historic Hudson there must be en
thusiastic thrills up" and down Democracy's backbone,
that is, if there be any remaining after the physical tor
ture its poor old decrepit body has endured during re
cent years.
We suppose that long ere this the kodak enthusiasts
have taken many shots at the Judge, and" that the maga
zines soon will permit us to feast our orbs upon half
tones of the athletic proportions, accoutered in swimming
garb, as the sphinx-like celebrity of Esopus. And then
at the vaudeville houses the moving pictures will give
pressing in curves just what he may
expect from his chronometer under dif
ferent conditions of climate, and, with
his thermometer and barometer close
at hand, the sailing master may cal
culate to a nicety the correct time and
get his location to a certainty.
Each year the time chronometers of
the United States navy are subjected
to a test to determine their accuracy
and to correct any irregularities. This
operation commences in January and
usually, lasts until the middle of June,
and during that time it Is no uncom
mon sight to see 100 of these delicate
timepieces on ice at the United States
Naval Observatory. It is not for any
fear that these timepieces will spoil
that they are subjected to this frigid
experience, but It Is necessary for the
purpore of accurate adjustment that
they should all be maintained in a con
stant temperature.
The necessity of having the ship's
clocks all absolutely alike will be real
ized by the layman when he is remind
ed that an error of four seconds in the
chronometer means an error of a mile
in calculating the vessel's location. The
temperature varies at different times of
the test from 00 to 90 degrees and the
losing or gaining qualities of the chro
nometers under these conditions are ac
curately kept. Thus, with a chart ex-
Chronometers on Ice.
CANDIDATE PARKER, SWIMMER.
The Board of Health has once more been arraigned
by the Board of Supervisors for serious and various al-
Itged delinquencies in connection with a proper respect
for the civil service law of the city. The only glaring
flaw in the arraignment is the palpable fact that the Su
pervisors know no more about the secret policies and
purposes of local civil service than the rest of us do. It
is evident that in the administration of local civil ser
vice no man shall know it by its virtues.
GAN'S AND M'GOVERN— A Sub
scriber. City. When Joe Gans and Ter
ry McGovern fought in Chicago. De
cember 13. 19C0. the former pulled down
the scales at 134& pounds and the lat
ter at 133.
DRAW POKER— W. M.. City. If In
a game of draw poker A deals and
antes 1, B goes 2 blind and C and D
put up 4 each, A is required to put
up 3 more and B 2. •
Aiiszvers to Queries.
Within a year plans for the general adornment of San
Francisco will be placed at the disposal of the public
spirited citizens that have set in motion a worthy agi
tation for the betterment of the town. The time is,
therefore, short for discussion and preparation for active
and definite work to develop these designs for. civic
beauty into realities that will attract visitors arid be of
permanent advantage to us.
On!y five of the eight Islands are
Icrgc enough to be important in a
forest study. In these there are two
distinct kinds of forest; one near sea
level In the drier portions of the
Islands, the other In the regions of
heavy rainfall on the mountain slopes.
Th«»y never blend or even meet The
forest of ths rca level i3 made up ex
clusively of mesqults, so prevalent in
the drier sections of the southwestern
part of the United States. In the Ha
r.'AlIan Island*, however, it grows
much denser, taller and etraighter
thin In the States, having changed its
rtublt of croTvth m response to altered
• or.ditionn. It l» not native, but v/as
• r.trodyccJ In 1*37 hy a csed planted
i . Tlonoluln. Tr-e tiee st'Il stands In
.¦ li^nithy condition, having a «1ia meter
of tvo feet and a height of fifty f«*t.
F-oni it hjve sprung 50.000 acres of
mcsiuit*. or. as there called, algaroba
iored«, Civhled among the eevera.1
tilsnds. The wood is chiefly valuable
In the Hawaiian Islands it Is now
recognized that forest preservation is
a matter of great and Immediate im
portance to the leading economic In
terests of the Territory. The chief
rgr!cu!tural interest of the islands is
*ugar growing. In 1903 the exported
Furar was valued at 525,3,10,684, or 96
per cent of the total exports. The
supply of water on which successful
oar.e cultivation depends comes to a
large extent from the forested higher
rlores of the mountains, above the
plantations. But the situation is com
plicated by the fact that cattle raising,
which In economic Importance stands
recond on!y to the sugar ln<3u&try. de
p*nda largely on the us« of the forest
for range, and overgrazing has been
the principal cause of injury to the
rrater-holdirg power of the wooded
area.
As a preliminary to the formulation
of a far-sighted policy In the Interest
of the Islands as a whole, the Terri
tory a year ago asked for an examina
tion of the whole question on the
ground by an agent of the United
States Department of Agriculture. The
report of William L.. Hall of the
Bureau of Forestry, who made the
examination. Is now being printed as
bulletin No. 4 8, "The Forests of
Hawaii." Both from a scientific and
practical standpoint It gives much in
formation concerning these Hawaiian
fore!«t« and their uses.
Forest Stripping in Hawaii.
The new science of criminal anthro
pology has done much to disclose the
cause of criminal disposition in men,
but it has no suggestions to make as
to the prevention or punishment of
crime. It can only classify the facts it
observes. Suggestions from expert
crlmlnologists are of no more value
than suggestions from any other kind
of men. The criminologist can tell us
(and small comfort it is so to be told)
that the professional thief is born and
not made, and that thief he will re
main by nature his whole life long.
The criminologist can tell us that it is
impossible to "reform" the criminal's
character without reforming his brain.
The counterfeiter who has spent forty
years In prison and is returned thither
at the age of 73 does not argue much
hope for the reform of criminals. But
what is to be done with him? How Is
It possible to prevent' a typical primi
tive, reverslve man such as the late
Czolgosz, from using political methods
which were quite common and natural
with £he savage ancestor of whom he
was a\ype born out of time? Czolgosz
did not slay because he was an anar
chist. He slew because he wa3 a prim
itive man. He was not an habitual
criminal, and it was possible that he
might never have acquitted himself In
an extraordinary manner had not his
environment, Joined with- his reversive
brain, set up the association of Ideas
and the consequent chain of circum
stances that culminated in his amaz
ing deed. The normal man is stupe
fied by the conduct of Czolgosz and his
kind; nor can the normal man under
stand the conscienceless burglar or
highwayman who slays to rob. If
these things are to be remedied, it is
not anthropology that can tell us how.
— From "New Dawns of Knowledge,"
by M. A. Lane, ln^National Magazine
for July.
Where Science Fails.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: In
your editorial of the 15th you mention
ed the fact that the millers of the
State are not pleased with the wheat
grown here because of the fact It is de
ficient in the quantity of gluten com
pared with that of the starch in the
California wheat. You think that the
flood o'f scientific knowledge.-^ based
on experience, will in the long run be of
value to wheat growers.
While I have no scientific knowledge
of wheat growth I have had plenty of
experience. Twenty years ago or more,
as I remember, the millers desired
wheat containing a great deal of
starch, as white flour, was the kind
they most desired. I think there Is no
wheat raised In the East that contains
more gluten than the variety formerly
raised extensively in this State. Thv
only objection to this wheat was that
It shattered very badly when ripe,
which could be prevented by using self
binding reapers, and cutting the wheat
before it was thoroughly ripe.
H. J. OSTRANDER.
Merced, July 16. 1904.
Gluten in Wheat.
The cause of so many soldiers and
sailors — take the case of the Kin Shilu
Maru as an example — preferring death
to capture was something, widely dif
ferent from that which has been as
signed. The people of Japan at large,
soldiers and sailors included, had
heard so much of the Russian atroci
ties at Blagovestchensk. of the Rus
sian treatment of the Chinese at the
time of the Boxer troubles, and of
General Mltchenko's famous utterance
that the Russians had "no ropes, but
arms," significant of the short shift
that would be given to captives, that
the prospect of falling alive into Rus
sian hands came in reality to be re
garded as far worse than death. It
was the firm belief that barbarous
treatment would be meted out to
them that led so many, despite the in
junction convened In the proverb, to
shoot or stab themselves when cap
ture was Inevitable.
Cases of seppuku, as a matter of
fact, were extremely rare, and case*
of ordinary suicide, though more fre
quent, were the expression of a wide
spread conviction that only in this way
could an ignominious existence ba
avoided. — London Morning Post.
A vast amount of misconception
prevails in Europe concerning what is
vulgarly termed haraklrl. This word
is never used by any other than illit
erate persons in Japan. Among the ed
ucated classes the term employed i*
seppuku. It is wrong to suppose that
Japanese soldiers and sailors are prone
to throw away their lives
vainly. Seppuku, in ancient
times, was an honorable death,
but it is only resorted to in,
extreme circumstances. As the Jap
anese proverb puts it. "Sei wa katashi.
Shi wa yasushi" — "Life is difficult.
death is easy." For any person to
commit suicide merely as a way out
of a difficulty was esteemed, and is
still, a cowardly act. To take one's
own life is easy enough as a means of
procuring relief from trouble, but to
live on, despite difficulties, being a
harder matter, is the more creditable,
and this Is the meaning to be attached
to the proverb, which has quite as
much force to-day among Japanese as
It ever had.
Seppuku.
THE attempt of the San Francisco Board of Health
to make sanitary the dairies that supply milk to the
people of this city is responsible for a threat, by
certain dairymen, to increase the price of milk to twenty
cents a quart if they are compelled to conform to the
regulations of the board. At the same time these dairy
men aver that they are willing to comply with all rea
sonable rules and provisions that may be devised to keep
milk wholesome and fit to be consumed. It is safe to say
that the threat to double the price will not be carried out
under any circumstances. When an advance was made
in the cost to the consumer, some months ago. families
curtailed their quantity for daily use. A practically pro
hibitive price will throw into disuse, at least partly,
plants of large size, and capital invested locally in dairy
cows and dairy equipments will be, to a considerable ex
tent, dead money.
There can certainly be no justification for a threat to
cinch customers 100 per cent unless it can be clearly
shown that the cost of production will be doubled when
sanitary conditions are enforced. At any hazard, health
is the first consideration. The State Board of Health has
recently reported that 10 per cent of the deaths in Cali
fornia are unnecessary and that they can be traced to
bad milk. The connection between bacteria and diseases
of deadly effect is too clearly established to be open to
reasonable questioning. In legitimate precautions for
the preservation of the* lives and health of the people
the health authorities ought to be upheld by every good
citizen. The Health Board is appointed for the purpose
and draws pay from the citizens to safeguard their
homes by compelling hygienic conditions, and such offi
cials have no other excuse for taking salaries derived
from taxation.
What public sentiment can effect for the general good
is manifested forcibly at Seattle at this immediate time.
The dairies in the country surrounding Seattle were dis
covered to be filthy and to be conducted in a slovenly
way, with no regard for anything except direct profit to
the dairy owners. A popular outcry was occasioned. At
first the parties who were* supposed to be responsible for
•the making of proper analyses of milk declined to act.
A change has been wrought. The King County Medical
Society has been stirred to action and has just made a
report.
It is found that all the dairies supplying milk to Seattle
arc filthy. Samples of milk from thirty-six dairies have
been examined. Each contained Inultitudes of germs
of disease. Judged from the lowest acceptable standard
of purity, fully two-thirds of the milk furnished to Seattle
is unfit for use. According to the standard adopted in
Boston, Seattle receives absolutely no good milk. The
majority of the methods of Pasteurization employed in
Seattle are farcical for inefficiency. Dirty water is used
to adulterate the milk.
The King County Medical Society has therefore sub
mitted recommendations for an ordinance to govern the
care and sale of milk in Seattle. Very likely this ordi
nance will be fought by the dairymen of King County,
v/hose willingness to comply with health rules may be
estimated by their neglect of all such rules__in the past.
The question of reasonableness in the formulation of
regulations in this regard should be judged only from
the standpoint of efficiency to protect the children, the in
valids who are compelled to have a milk diet and the
public at large. Of that medical men are the best judges.
It lies in theft profession to know what conduces to and
what injures health. To leave the question to laymen
and to reach a "compromise" based on any ground
other than the welfare of the public is a sin against the
community.
DAIRIES AND PUBLIC HEALTH.
Many of the genuine Salvationists,
Instead of returning in a body, will en
deavor to see something of Europe be
fore taking passage for home. For
tills reason ic i3 tne intention of their
anarchist understudies to sail for
America from come continental port,
laying their plans so that they may ar
rive about the Fame time that th»
wight-seeing delegates return, but they
¦will take care ribt to travel on the
eame steamer with any of them, as
that would lead to their exposure and
repudiation long before they reached
An-*-i'jn S.h«;uIJ th*.v succeed in es
caping detection on landing in New
IV rk or Bosun, it Is their Intention
to scatter and by various routes make
their way to Chicago, which, on this
Fide, is regarded as the center of an
crchij-tic activity in America.
HEAIXJUARTERS OF THE CALL.
I HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON. July E.—Ameri
can immigration inspectors will find
It worth while to carefully examine
«rto the identity of rt-turnliig delegates
of American branches of the Salvation
Army who have been attending the
convention In London. An Ingenious
scheme is being concocted to smuggle
Into America a lot of anarchists In the
ditguise of home-coming Salvation
Army devotees. At present there a©e
a large number of these sanguinary
disciples of dynamite and assassina
tion in England. Many of them have
recently reached these shores from
J'oland. whence they ha\'e fled to es
cape being conscripted into the Rus
sian army for the war against Japan.
Others hall from Barcelona, where
thlr.gs were made too hot for them a
year or two ago. Several of them
have be^n compelled to leave Italy for
their country's good. And England
has its own share of these eworn foes
cf all forms of government. They are
ehadowed by the police and find no
outlet for their pernicious activity
here. Consequently they are anxious
to get out of the country.
A man named Canham, who piloted
Emma Goldman through England
nhen she was here on a lecturing tour
tome six years ago, has devised the
never schema bv which it is proposed
to transfer a goodly number of them
to the land of liberty. He has charge"
of all the arrangements and under his
guidance they have attended the var
ious meetings of the Salvation Army
Congress here, studying the peculiari
ties of manner, speech and dress of the
American contingent that they may be
better fitted to assume thfir disguise.
Only those whost features would ad
mit of their passing muster as Amer
icans have been selected for the at
tempt, and this, much to their sorrow
and regret, has barred most of the
Poles, whose Hebraic extraction Is
plainly stamped on their features.
Uniforms have been provided for the
successful candidates which are exact
copies of those worn by American del
egates.
Special Correapoadeac*.
An Anarchist's Ruse.
And the old woman turned back to
her tub, and would not be persuaded.
The conversation, much to the
amusement of Mr. Cleveland, was re
peated in his hearing, the general hap
pening to question the coachman whll*
the President was near. — Harper**
Weekly.
"Who's he?" replied the coachman.
"Why, Mister Glover Clebelan* — who
you 'spec?"
Aunt Sue looked at him a moment.
Then, in a mingled tone of dignity and
scorn, she said: "Clebelan*? ' Clebe
lan'? I ain* never hum tell er no
Clebelan's. You go long home en tell
Mara John he ca* fool dis ole 'oman.
Dem Clebelan's must be some er his
'election friends — dey ain* no qual'ty.
en* I ain't srsvlne fol wid um."
and entirely of the old South, he^jient
his carriage out to his country home
for old "Aunt Sue," an ex-slave and a
lifelong servant of the family.
When the coachman reached her
cabin he fo'und the old woman hang-
Ing out her week's wash. He told her
that the general had sent for her to
come in to see the President of the
United States.
"Who's he?" asked the old woman.
Mexico is evidently striving to demonstrate that in
her tremendous industrial progress she has reached the
stage of the marvelous and is able to challenge the world
for a duplication of her fortunate condition. It has been
announced on what appears to be gi>od authority that
the gigantic smelter trust of the southern republic is in
such serious difficulties that it is about to dissolve.
It was in 1S72 when the Odd Fel
lows held a picnic at Redwood City.
1 On that occasion a gang of toughs
"butted in" with the otherwise orderly
attendance. Among the gang who
went from San Francisco was one
whose name was Hood Lummix. Na
ture would seem to have had a far
cical part in the creation of the orig
inal "hoodlum," for Hood Lummix
.was a most peculiarly formed crea
ture. Clumsy, big-footed, with a big
mouth and protruding teeth, thick
lips, a* big bushy head of hair of a
dirty brick color standing out like the
quills on a porcupine, this almost mal
formed specimen, as Is usual, attract
ed the attention of a lot of young
rowdies who picked upon him as be
ing an "easy guy" for a day's sport.
Go where he might, he was followed
by a gang who hooted and yelled and.
in brief, made things unpleasantly
lively during the day, but more partic
ularly in the afternoon when the
steam beer commenced to do its work.
The amusement of the gang did not
confine Itself to the picnic grounds:
on the contrary they went outside,
broke into orchards and flower gar
dens, destroying valuable property and
finally wound up the day by shooting
a valuable horse belonging to a
rancher. This last act was more than
the Sheriff of San Mateo was prepared
to stand and as a result he bagged a
couple of dozen of the chief offenders.
When the cases came up before the
Justice of the Peace in Redwood each
and every- one of the accused laid the
entire blame on Hood Lummix. Poor,
simple-minded Hood got six months
in jail and In sentencing him the Jus
tice, who was very much displeased
that he could not send the entire gang
to State prison, delivered a lecture
to the offenders, in which he said: "I
now warn you to keep out of this
county; we want no more of Hood
Lummix or his gang to visit us."
Hence the word became coined by
dropping the last syllable of the name,
making the word as now used, "hood
lum."
"Hoodlum." that word which has
found plnco in the vernacular of the
locnl lexicon, is well understood to
apply to ft class of objectionable young
toughs who have no respect for sex,
age or the rights of decent people and
no sense of what la proper or becom
ing/in the character of him to whom
the epithet is Justly applied— a hood
lum to-day, a criminal to-morrow.
While the meaning of the term Is
well understood by the people few
there be who know the derivation of
Ihe word and how It came to be forced
Into our language. It is this:
The Original Hoodlum.
SINCE the St. Louis convention the tendency of the
independent press of the country is to the support
of President Roosevelt. The Chicago Chronicle
has long been the only independent Democratic paper in
that city. It is a strong paper and under the able man
agement of the late Mr. Scott it achieved a reputation and
influence that even survived its support of Bryan in
1900. Since then it has repented of that one false step
and has been a constant advocate of sound finance and
common sense. But the St. Louis convention was the
last straw that broke the back of its patience with • a
party that it had tried to discipline without avail.
Wkn the convention left out of its platform any
erence to the monetary standard and said that the
standard was not in issue, and that Judge Parker advised
it that the gold standard is so much in issue that he
would not run for the Presidency if the party did not ac
cept his views on that subject, the Chronicle said there
was too much jackdawing and it would carry its sup
port where all issues are considered and all principles
are firmly declared without reservation or sinister multi
plication of words, and it supports President Roosevelt.
This leaves the Democracy without a newspaper in Chi
cago. The anarchists, socialists and dynamiters have an
organ in Hearst's paper, which the party will probably
use^as an occupant in common with the gang of social
disturbers of the peace.
In this State the most influential of the independent
press is the Sacramento Bee. It has supported Bryan
twice and was prepared to support an honest Democratic
nomination this year. But the St. Louis convention was
too much for it. A Belmont candidate on the head,of a
ticket, with an anti-trust platform and a membex^of tlie
Standard Oil trust for the second place is a combination
that may be overlooked by some who have the same
view of the game of politics as David B. Hill and Bel
mont, but the Bee is not that kind and declines to shout
anti-trust while supporting a Standard Oil candidate.
The Bee is to be complimented on its consistent hon
esty. It has criticized President Roosevelt and recalls
nothing it has said, but it finds in him an honest and
courageous man, who may in some matters of adminis
tration be wrong, but who does things aboveboard and
takes the consequences. The Bee prefers to do its full
American duty rather than support D. B. Hill's candi
date. Mr. Hill's surrender to socialism in the last cam
paign in New York is not encouraging. Then with his
expropriation platform he was out in the open crying to
the people:
Slaves and fools,
Pluck the grave wrinkled senate from the bench,
And minister In their steads! • • • •
Bankrupts, hold fast;
Rather than render back, out with your knives
And cut your trusters' throats! • * • •
/ Piety, and fear,,
Religion to the gods, peace, Justice, truth,
Domestic awe, night -rest, and neighborhood.
Instruction, manners, mysteries, and trades,
Degrees, observances, customs, and laws.
Decline to your confounding contraries.
And yet confusion live!
Now h^e is smirking under Belmont's wing and shed
tears when the two accomplished "a sane and safe"
nomination. No more offensive personality could grin
and gambol as the power behind a Presidential candi
date than he. He long ago lost the confidence of the
people of his State and the distrust of him is general
throughout the country. Judge Parker is unfortunate, in
his Warwick. The situation affects not only the inde
pendent press of the country but the independent voters
and thinkers. Bourke Cockran said that he left St. Louis
with not a ray of hope of the election in sight, but Judge
Parker's telegram on the gold standard dispelled the
gloom. Why it had this effect is not explained. Judge
Parker is not the hero of the gold standard battle. He
is a camp follower. The heroes of that battle arc the
Republicans who made the fight at St. Louis in 1896 and
the Democrats who were the come-outers in the same
campaign. Governor Flower and John R. Fellows, John
G. Carlisle and Senator Caffery were leaders in that
great group who were battling for the gold standard
while Judge Parker and Hill were voting for Bryan and
free silver.
Not all independent men hark back as far as 1896 in
giving reasons for opposing Parker. Mr. Timberlake,
Democratic nominee for Congress in the Steubenville
district, Ohio, who had begun his campaign, resigns
from the ticket, giving as a reason the raw work of the
St. Louis convention in nominating a trust ticket on an
anti-trust platform. David B. Hill is cunning beyond
most men, but. his artifice has overreached itself this
time.
Clearing for agricultural and home
stead purposes Is responsible for very
much of forest destruction. Since the
best use to which the lands of the is
lands can be put is agriculture, no
fault can be found with such cutting,
provided it is not carried so far .as to
curtail the water supply on which
agriculture Itself depends. The rain
fall of the forested portion of the is
lands is from 50 to 200 inches a year
and the native forests furnish the best
floor conditions for storing away this
water for future use. But when the
forest area is made smaller the storage
supply of water Is lessened. In addi
tion, it appears to be true In Hawaii
that forests influence the amount of
moisture precipitated. Where the
mountains, with their cooling atmos
phere^ do not extend their elevations
above 3000 feet, forests are especially
needed. The trade winds bring in fogs
and mists and the forests perform the
excellent function of changing these
to water and leading it to the ground
for storage. Thus continued forest
cutting means danger both to the
amount of water precipitated and to
the supply husbanded for the crops.
Both 'the principal crops, eugar and
rice, require much water for their suc
cessful growth. Already public opinion
In the islands has taken form in prac
tical forest preservation work. Sugar
companies have established reserves
for local protection, the area in one
case being as large as 50,000 acres.
Tree planting has been done on a large
scale by a number of land owners.
The Government began tree planting
twenty-two years ago, with an appro
priation of $12,000. A conclusive step
was taken when the last Legislature
provided for a forest policy and en
tered upon determined work to protect
and utilize the forests to the best ad
vantage. The first act to this end must
be the establishment of forest reserves,
which should Include practically all the
mountain forests. Fortunately the
Government owns most of these for
ests, although at present they are
largely under lease to private Individ
uals, mainly to cattlemen. It Is thought,
however, that an exchange of these
lands can be brought about. When the
reserves are established, a first neces
sity will be the extermination of the
wild cattle and goats and the creation
of a ranger service to keep out fire and
stock.
for fuel and fence posts. The forests
are exceedingly Important 'as furnish
ing a cover for the soil and abundant
food for Rtcfck. The mesquite pods
are eaten by cattle in summer, as they
fall to the ground from the trees, and
are gathered and fed dry all through
the year. Because of these uses and
the wonderful powers of reproduction
and extension which the algaroba for
ests possess, they are a most valuable
asset of the Islands.
The native forests are those of the
mountain slopes, and are all fissen
tially of a tropical character. About
three-fourths of the native forests are
composed of lehua. This tree is found
in regions of heaviest rainfall and
under best conditions attains a
diameter of four feet and a height of
100 feet. Commercially, except for fuel,
the wood has little value, for In dry
ing It checks and warps badly. Its
importance Is as a protective forest.
Its stand Is thin, but the most lux
uriant undergrowth is always found
beneath its small-crowned trees. In
deed, so luxuriant Is this undergrowth
of ie-ie vine and similar climbers, fern
growth ranging from, a few inches to
thirty feet in height, and mosses, that
virgin forests of lehua are often im
penetrable, dark jungles. Thus an
ideal condition is created for water
conservation.
The present forest area is about 20
per cent of the Islands— a small, frac
tion of what it was a hundred
ago. The destruction of the forests can
be traced to three chief causes: Clear
ing for agriculture, stock grazing and
grass encroachment.. Cattle were taken
to the islands In the eighteenth cen
tury and for years were protected by
rigid laws forbidding their slaughter.
By 1S15 they had so increased in num
ber as to become a menace. The anti
slaughter laws were repealed and grad
ually their number has been reduced
to the needs of the islands. But their
work of destruction has been accom
plished. Much of the undergrowth of
the native forests was or a succulent
character, peculiarly agreeable not only
to cattle.-but also to goats, pigs and
deer; all of these preyed upon the for
est and year by year their trampling
and grazing showed more plainly in
forest areas' wrecked and ruined. The
encroaching grasses occupied the
ground and prevented reforestation. In
the rainy districts the Hilo grass and
in the drier sections Bermuda grass
was the offender. Between them they
occupy vast stretches of country that
'were once well forested.
us the Judge in action. That, indeed, will be both highly
interesting and instructive to the followers of the Demo
cratic band wagon. If their leader makes a graceful
dive, as indicated by the moving "pictures, all good
Democrats should attempt to do likewise. If the Judge
shows' a preference for the side stroke in cutting through
the water all'ioyal Democrats should follow his example.
If the Judge seems to find pleasure in "fetching" un
der the water all good Democrats should make every ef
fort to do likewise. In Democratic swimming circles we
now. expect to hear of the "Parker dive" and the "Par
ker stroke," both of which assuredly will become popu
lar, and no one will be considered in the swim until he
has added them to his accomplishments. Democrats,
who have always had a happy faculty for "pointing with
pride" when they have not been roundly condemning,
will now point to the Democratic standard-bearer and
say with an excess of pride: "Behold the man. not of
words, but of action — the swimmer."
THE INDEPENDENT PRESS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . « . Address All Commgnicatioos to JOHN McNAUGUT, Manager
Publication Office ...* ...Third mid Mnrket Streets, Bi P*
WEDNESDAY > • ....JULY ao, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1901.
"Misery likes company, don't he?"
"Yes; but w'en I sees him comin' I
never ia at home." — A"'"*" Constitu
tion. • (t -
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market it*
Several attempts have recently been made by desper
ate, military convicts to escape from the prisons 'to
which Uncle Sam's military arm has consigned them.
In every instance death has been the penalty of these
offenders. Military guards shoot quickly and accurate
ly. It is a pity that even by example they cannot teach
a. lesson to the custodians of. some of • our State peni
tentiaries. * • -
The late General John B. Gordon
was a. brilliant raconteur. He had a
fund of anecdotes and stories, not only
of his war experiences, but dealing
with the most prominent men and
women of to-day with whom he was
thrown in personal contact. Among
his wannest friends were ex-President
and Mrs. Cleveland, who on one occa
sion visited Georgia as his guests. The
general, who was at that time Gov
ernor, was very fond of telling how
"Aunt Sue," his family washerwoman. Special Information supplied daily *o
snubbed the Clevelands. "Wishing to £" aln «» s houaes » n <* public men by tba
show the President something genuine ffiSSSffi." ZV&^llZViUl^
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8At a meeting recently held by the
residents of the Potrero in Davidson's
Hall, corner of Twenty-second street
and Pennsylvania avenue, it was re
solved to organize the Potrero Im
provement Club, with the object of ad
vancing the interests of the property
owners of the district. Frank J. Weiss
was appointed president of the club;
Gaun Graham, vice president; H. B.
Davidson, secretary; P. Ward, finan
cial secretary; Jeremiah Twomey,
treasurer, and B. O'Donnell, sergeant
sit firms*
Potrero Has Improvement Club.
General Manager Chapman and Su
perintendent of Repairs Lane of the
United Railroads yesterday risked
Commissioners of Public Works
Schmitz and Maestretti relative to a
formal request made by the board
that' the corporation begin the work of
repaving between its car tracks. The
officials of the company informed the-
Commissioners that they would co-op
erate with the city in repairing all
pavements that are in bad condition.
They acknowledged that there was
much of this work to do and expressed
a desire that most of It be done before
the rain sets in.
At the suggestion of the Commis
sioners of Works it was agreed that
the repairing between the tracks be
done simultaneously with the repair
of the rest of the street in order to
Insure a perfectly uniform pavement
on the entire block. The city has $40,
000 to expend in that direction and
the United Railroads will be com
pelled to spend a similar amount. The
work will be done by F. M. Yorke.
who secured the contract for the city's
portion of the work at a very low
price as compared with former years.
Commissioner Schmitz expressed his
.satisfaction at the willingness of the
United Railroads to dr its share of the
work. The first repairs to be carried
out will be on Folsom street, which
has been in a sadly neglected state
for many years. . !
Officials of the Corporation Will Co
operate Wltli City In Repairing
Bad Pavements. /
UNITED RAILROADS WILIi
REPAVE BETWEEN TRACKS
day's programme will be a discussion
of the relative merits of the English
cooking ranges as opposed to those of
American make. To-night a banquet
will be given at Delmonico's at 6:45
and all day to-morrow will be spent on
an outing to Alum Rock Park, near
San Jose. This will conclude the three
days* convention.
Unites States Immigrant Commis
sioner Hart H. North received instruc
tions yesterday from the National
Commissioner of Immigration at
Washington, D. C, to allow Alice E.
Soon to be landed. Miss Soon is a
Chinese lady, a native of the Portu
guese settlement of Macao. She ar
rived at this port recently on the
steamship Mongolia with a certificate
setting forth that she was a student.
The document was Issued by the
Portuguese Consul at Shanghai and
it v had been vised by the American
Consul there.
Chinese Student Landed.
Colonel John M. Denny, M. P., who
lately completed his thirty-fourth
steamer for New Zealand waters, pro
posed "The Guests," which was re
sponded to by the Honorable H. B.
Lefroy, one of the Australian agents
general, in a fitting strain.
The last' toast of the evening, "The
Chairman," was proposed by Hon.
Alfred Dobson and responded to
made a very happy speech. He said,
among other things, that the trade
act, passed within the last year in
New Zealand granting preferential
treatment to British manufacturers
would in a very few years be of enor
mous benefit and service to the manu
facturers throughout the United King
dom.
W. PEMBER REEVES. WHO PRE
SIPKD AT THE NEW ZEALAND
DINNER IN LOXDQN.
Company A will visit the biff trees
to-morrow and the regimental band
will go to Capitola.
SANTA CRUZ, July 19. — The non
commissioned officers of the League of
the Cross Cadets gave a ball at the
Casino auditorium to-night and it
proved to be a most enjoyable affair.
It was attended by many of the younff
ladies of this city and by a large num
ber of visitors from San Francisco
and San Jose.
Ball Given at the Casino Auditorium
by Xon- Commissioned Officers
an Enjoyable Affair..
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS EXJOY OUTING
Levy said that it was intended \o
distribute copies of the pamphlet to
the pupils of the public schools on the
opening day next Monday for presen
tation to their parents. One hundred
thousand copies In all have been
printed.
The Supervisors' Printing Commit
tee is averse to permitting the Health
Board to print the names of its mem
ben on the pamphlet about to be is
sued, entitled "Health Hints for the
Household." Deputy Health Officer
Levy appeared before the committee
yesterday and said that the pamphlets
were printed, but the board desired
to print on the cover thereof the
names of the members. The commit
tee cited the charter, which prohibits
the names of city officials on station
ery, and also objected because it
would in effect be an advertisement
of the doctors on the board. The com
mittee was inclined to permit the
name of Health Officer Ragan to ap
pear on the pamphlet, but Levy In
sisted that all the names be printed.
The matter was taken under advise
ment by the committee, which will.
render its decision to-day.
Snper\-isors Object to Free Advertis
ing Sought by Physicians Through
Pamphlet for Distribution.
The first day of the twelfth annual
meeting of the Pacific Coast Gas As
sociation began at Mechanics* Insti
tute, 31 Post street, yesterday mornmg
at 10 o'clock. The hall was tastefully
decorated and the walls were hung*
with pictures of the association's for
mer presidents. The convention will
last three days. Night meetings will
be held.
At the morning session the ordinary
business of the association was trans
acted. The report of the treasurer
Bhowed that the organization was in a
flourishing condition. The princi
pal features of the session were
the election of fifty-four new
members and an address by
the president, "W. A. Aldrich, on the
growth of the gas question during the
last fifty years, the operation of gas
engines in large units, the labor ques
tion and its solution. President Aid
rich holds that the only way to over
come the present antipathy between
capital and labor and the elimination
of strikes is to give employes a share
of the profits according to the efficiency
shown by the workmen.
The afternoon session was occupied
in listening to an address by E. C.
Jones on. "Pressure Points." Mr. Jones
dwelt on the differences in piping, the
required pressura for the operation of
gas engines and the safety devices to
prevent the escape of gas in the event
of a light being blown out while at low
pressure. At the finish of Mr. Jones'
address the members began an active
discussion of the several topics touched
upon. The rest of the afternoon was
taken up in listening to a review of
gas history by T. R. Parker.
After deciding, to hold meetings at
night the association was informed
that Professor Edward Booth, who
was to have lectured on "Radium," was
111 and could not be present. There
upon it was decided not to meet until
to-day at 10 o'clock.
The most interesting event on to-
SAN JOSE July 19. — Miss May Ham
ilton, who was secretly married to
George W. Smith at San Rafael last
December, accompanied by her sister,
Mrs. Hendy, and her husband, arrived
here this morning to ask her father's
forgiveness for marrying against his
wishes. Her father. A- B. Hamilton,
and family, however, were not at
home. They had gone to Pacific Grove
for a vacation and will not be back
for a couple of weeks. The party then
went to the Hamilton home on South
Fifth street and took possession of the
house. Mrs. Smith sent word to her
parents to-day that she was married
and at home and would await their
coming. It is said that when the fam
ily returns she will receive the paren
tal blessing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After Barber had received his money
from his credulous agricultural stu
dents, of whom it is said he had six or
eight, he absconded, and his where
abouts are not known to the Federal
officials. He had advertised in cer
tain newspapers In London that he waa
conducting an agricultural college at
Mountain View where farming and
fruit growing would be taught practic
ally, and he received many remunera
tive replies. Shortly after Barber's
sudden disappearance the United
States Immigrant Bureau at this city
instituted an investigation and the
matter was reported to United States
District Attorney Woodworth.
It is further asreed upen and promised by
the party of the second part that he will
! ¦•;» tits lin •¦ ? to such work as shall bi in
quired o! him hy the party of the first part,
and in all matters pertaining to the work ic
quired of him <io as the party of the fl'ft
part or his representative directs and orders.
Also <n the matters of and In such mat ers
a^i punctuality at meals and the hour of re
tiiinK at night the party of the second part
promises and aerees to conform to the rules
of ths party of the first part's establishment.
Inwood and Parez paid Barber one
hundreds pounds sterling each on No
vember 2, 1903, and each contracted to
pay fifty pounds sterling additional not
later than May 2, 1901. In return Bar
ber agreed to furnish them board,
lodging and washing at his home at
Mountain View, California, "for a
period of not less than one year nor
more than eighteen months — the exact
tSme to be decided by Barber." He
also agreed to furnish them with in
struction during the period mentioned
in the different branches of
etc., "engaged in by the party of the
first part." He also guarantees "at
the expiration of one year or eighteen
months employment at a salary of not
less than $50 per month with board
and lodging." The contract recites:
By direction of United States District
Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth, As
sistant United States Attorney Charles
M. Fickert filed five complaints yes
terday in the United States District
Court against George W. Mosher and
H. C. Barber for violating the act of
Congress approved March 3, 1903. en
titled "An act to regulate the immi
gration of aliens into the United
States."
Mosher is a contractor and builder
doing business at Palo Alto. There are
three complaints against him to recover
an aggregate penalty of $3000 and costs
as provided for by the act. There are
two complaints against Barber to re
cover an aggregate penalty of 52000 and
costs.
It Is alleged that Mosher on April
3, 1904, went to "Windsor, Nova Scotia,
Canada, and entered into an express
parole contract with Edgar C. Burgess,
Everett Burgess and Warren E. Harvie
to employ them as carpenters at Palo
Alto at wages of $4 a day, and that
under this contract they went to Palo
Alto and worked as carpenters.
The complaint against Barber
charges him with having made a writ
ten contract with John Inwood and
George Neaves Parez in London,
England, on November 1, 1903, where
by they were eventually to be em
ployed on Barber's farm at Mountain
View as farm hands at wages of $&0
per month each. The contracts are
identical, with the exception of the
names. They contain the following
conditions:
HEALTH BOARD MEMBERS
WANT NAMES IX PRINT
Family Is Off on Vacation
and She and Her Husband
Take Possession of House
Business Will Occupy Two
Days and the Third Will
Be Spent in Sightseeing
Mountain View Farmer
Absconds After Having
Started a Bucolic School
PAPEES AEE SUBMITTED
KETUBNS TO OLD H0MK
by Mr. Reeves in a short but apt
speech, In which he took occasion to
give the lion's share of the credit for
the success of the work of his office
and of the dinner to his very efficient
staff and his fellow committeemen.
The Duke of Marlborough, in propos
ing "The Colony of New Zealand,"
The usual loyal toasts were proposed
by the chairman and enthusiastically
responded to. All of the speeches were
commendably brief and the formal pro
ceedings were over by 10 o'clock. This
gave the company ample opportunity
for exchanging views ana Indulging in
reminiscences.
The Hon. H. F. Wigram, mem
ber of the New Zealand Legislative
Council, gave the toast. "The Imperial
Forces of the Empire," and referred
to the part which New Zealand tocrk
in the Boer war, when she supplied no
less than ten contingents — a larger
number in proportion to the population
probably than any other colony of the
empire. The increase in the subsidy
for the British navy, he said, "indicat
ed the sympathy of the colony with the
imperial forces, while the preferential
tariff in favor of British goods showed
a desire to meet the mother country."
Mr. Wigram was followed by the
Earl of Glasgow, who said: "The mag
nificent way in which New Zealand
came to our assistance would never be
fcrrgotten."
The British Australian of London, in
its issue of June 30, gives a full and
interesting report of the "annual New
Zealand dinner," held on June 23 in
that city at the Trocadero restaurant.
There was a large and distinctly rep
resentative gathering of New Zealand
ers and a number of distinguished
guests, among whom were the Duke
of Marlborough, Under Secretary of
State for the Colonies, ana the Earl of
Glasgow, formerly Governor of New
Zealand. The Hon. W. Pember
Reeves, agent general and chairman of
the committee, received the guests on
entering and presided at the table at
which were seated over 200 persons.
With the Duke of Marlborough as
practically the guest of the evening the
chairman made a new departure In the
toast list and instead of giving "The
Colony of New Zealand," as usual, left
that toast to the Under Secretary for
the Colonies and replied to it himself
in an incomparable manner, without
introducing any subject of a contro
versial character.
ALIEN LAWS VIOLATED
Members of the Pacific
Coast Association Begin
a Three Days' Convention
San Jose Belle, Secretly Wed
ded at San Eafael, Now
Wants Parental Blessing
Duke of Marlboi-ough
Is the Guest of
Honor.,
W. Pember Reeves a
I Witty and Genial
Toastmaster.
Palo Alto. Contractor May
Have to Pay Uncle Sam
Three Thousand Dollars
HOPES TO WIN
FORGIVENESS
GAS AFFAIRS
UNDER DEBATE
HEAVY FINES
ARE SUE D FOR
ANNUAL NEW ZEALAND DINNER PROVES
INTERESTING AND ENJOYABLE EVENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
Cornelius Maher, a railroad man
employed by the Ferries and Presidio
Railroad Company, living at the Junc
tion of Octavia and Lombard streets,
was reported at the Morgue yester
day as mlssingi He drew his wages
last Saturday night and has not been
seen by his friends since.
Railroad Man Missing.
9
- GRAPE-XUTS.
Every Brain-worker wants a strong 1 , keen thinker in his HEAD QUARTERS. Many successful men and women
regularly eat the brain-making food — GRAPE-NUTS.
For the Phosphates necessary for this purpose are intentionally supplied in GRAPE-NUTS in liberal quantities
and will positively rebuild the worn out brain and nerve centers. ,
The Inventor of GRAPE-NUTS
About 10 years ago found himself badly off from overwork and weak digestion.
He experimented about two years, seeking to perfect a food that would contain the elements required by Nature
to rebuild the depleted nerves and brain.
BUT such food must be made easy of digestion, else the weakened organs of the body could not extract the re-
building elements.
Finally success came, after dozens of experiments and failures. The right parts of Wheat a^nd Barley were se-
• lected, skillfully blended in the right proportions. Subjected for hours to moisture, then hours more to slow heat,
gradually producing chang es and mechanically digesting the fool. Further processes follow, until the food is finally
delivered fully cooked., pre-digested and ready for instant service with a little rich cream.
Years have gone by and experience has shown that the now famous brain food planned for a purpose, accom-
_— It does supply pre-digested food that a babe or an atlilete can digest.
It does furnish the nerve centers and brain with the delicate, microscopic particles of natural Phosphate of Pot-
ash which combines with Albumen to make the gray matter filling the nerve centers and brain.
It does prove itself to users in a very few da vs. ' >>»
________ *
It is known to, and used by, our most famous' Physicians, Teachers, Scientists, Capitalists.. Professors, Clergy-
men, Authors, Journalists, Merchants and successful,, thinking Farmers.
"There's a Reason" and a profound one for
sfftrTsW EbSXi stttfifi . * \ ___fl^ __tS3R "jg__g__j_ w __Bp SS . ~j_flj3r_f^ V&jSjL JBBM **• 1 ¦«_.
Get the little book, "The Road to Wellville." in each pkg.
c
1-EADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Over 24 Tost rt.. San FrmneJsco. Cai
E«ab. 40 y*T*. Open entire year.day & night
•¦¦ Write *or c'.rculara <free).
VflV tfFYFRIVClT SCHO °^ of mush-
U» ViLI LKMWfl 641 FILTON KT
SAN FP.ANXISCO. Established JS35
Pre-rreir.ently the largest and be*t
ecu!pr>e<S rchocl cr. the Paclflc Ccait— offer-
lr.r all the advantages of Eastern an 1
Eurcpean ccrifervatorJes for a. thorough
rruslral education. Prospectus upon ap-
plication. Visitors to the World"* Fair St
!yra'.». are brrtted to examine the exhibit
cf the school. Educational Uulldlnr Cali-
fornia Kohonl Exh'.hH.
New Quarters — More Space
FXI7EK -IOO3.IS.
Ju*t ncvefi Into cur new rooms; new flre-
rroof. bcflainr. 3 elevators, electric lirhti
treats r««t. Do more .Tor etudenta than trtr
before. Th!« is the collega that secure* «o
r-ar.y r°5'i:rns.
San Francisco Business College,
¦ 73S Mission St.. Near Third.
-^^Sjp-jips. seta Oollere and
i-'irr'T.OTTffeJEfcSa bt * t • rt ' ul PP e4 «chooi
xStPwJi* .i^C?J- > r2nf of business, shorthand
', *"**'*;7 "ffilM and ' n e1 n **rtn» west
l^Ffiwn^WvSifsy t y t £««*». Perfect
-' - -J-LlZJL" rL>*^y ;r>^~ cllmat*. Expense*
,.„. _ "7-, — low " w rlt« for fret
Iim-page catalogue.
Mills College and Seminary
CONFERS DEGREES AXD GRANTS DIPLO-
MAS.
* Jl*'r i! l? a I rT^ Course «ccredite<l to tha unlrerai-
S£t**5-**^*»« Eaatern colleres; rare opportu-
MOM offered In music, art and elocution. Thir-
jwn Write for catalcpue to
C - T MILLS. PRESIDENT
MILLS COLLEGE P. O.. CAL.
THE. LYCEUM.
,.^'?.* CC " <1U " 1 P pe P»™«cry school for the unl-
*»r f ny. law and medical colleges. Is well
ex; r Fh:f;n'Vu,i^ or any 8unftia pr °-
L. H. GRAL-. Ph. P.. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
ASTO TAH IJESS SEMINARY.
1fe i S J^kson Ft.. S. F. Bcardins and dav
•¦chool for Ctrl*. Accredited by the leading
«...e S es ar.d universities Social attention
tlven to music. Reopen. TfESDAT August
t. ISOL BARAH D. HAMLIX. Principal
/^»ir>i««. 1 ~. An enrollment of
(lAfllOriMOi 450 students tclla
< f'"5 ki*ik \« ** tllc story of our
A_S___. S • tV€C<L success ;new build-
< *OV"_S| 1 r~ Ing. new ideas.
(OH v CV £J wholesome coilege-
V»*^ —^ v life; Catalogue.
rrr. Otfaea Gate ave.. S. F.
St. Mary's College,
OAXZ.A2TD. CAL.
Studies will be r^uire.1 MONDAY August 1
?'•'¦*• nP.O, ZKXOXIAN. President.
WrATFRN Thomuph business couree. Kr.g-
I. LOICnH i; fh . bookkeeping, shorthand, ar-
rfl";ti"CC lthm*>tlc. alcetra, etc.. Civil Ser-
lU.lntOO vice. Individual instruction. Po-
sitions for graduates. 6 mo. (day)
' 0LIF8E f3 " ; Kv *- School. 6 mo., fit.
auuL 11O7 Market St.. cor. Seventh.
MISS -WEST'S ECHOOXi FOB OIELS.
•J1H VAX XE.SS AVE.. openg Aug.' 17.
Home and Day School. Accredited hy leading
<• llese*. For ratal sue address MARY B.
V. »T. Principal. Kindergarten. Applications
received between 1:30 end 3:3v p. m.
EOONFS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
BERKELEY.
BEOPEZ7S MONDAY, AUG. 8.
y. a. boohx. _^
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION
PARTIXGTnX'S. <24 PINE ST.
Oldest School 1n America.
New Term Bejcini. MOXDAY. Aujt. L
DAY AXD EVEXIXG CLASS.
SAITTA CLAB& COLLEGE.
S&sta Clara. CaL
StufiVs will be resumed en Tuesday, Aosust
2 For further Information «pp!y to REV.
KOEERT O. KEXXA. S. J.. President.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Kef rdingr and day school for boys under 15 rr«
f>: hge. gmdie* commence MONDAY, Aug IstI
:rt)4. Smi for prospectus to Bro. Genebern.
OPTICIANS EAKZT $10 A SAT.
Vf^S^Ji. Individual instructions: a!«o
j|j|f«f~S5fZ?)fc cia " course.. Call or write for
tSrjf^mSik^^ I.TOFpectuw. CLlSE OPTICAL
•zf/Tyfijt — ' IJC?T *TUTE. 10M Market »t..
"^^gPZY E - *"* E>" e> examined free.
hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
WILL REOPEN on Aucu't 1«
Af&Iy to the Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Mount Tatnalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
JuriorVfcoct •*parat«. Fall term begins Aut
It. ARTHVR CROSBY. D.D.. Head Master.
LWvfMj^p^l^jLJ most PracU-
r ~ Market St.. 8. p"
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IBVIXUTOX. CALIFORXIA.
Hold* pre-eminently the conndenc* of lu pa-
trons and the loyalty of Its pupila.
TVILUAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal
Ull! i T" V bt '* in * Au «- Sth: larger and
M I I I ' I A » lI ° n eer faculty than ever;
1 1 W I 1 I V perfect sanitation; Illus-
trated eatalcruc. W. j.
SJKI'.KDITU. Vice Principal. Menlo Par*. Cai.
THE UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
2310 CLAY STBEET.
Will iiEOPEN en August 1 with
BERT X TCCKER. M. S..
PrindpaL
COLLEGE O7 2TOTE.E DAME.
£AN Jcti;. CAL. Exclusively for boa-tlln*
•tuienta, KiXty-ihird year. Courses: Classical.
Literary. Scientific. Conservatory. Collet:*
preparatory accn-dlted. Intermediate and Pri-
mary dailies. Studies resumed Tuesday Aur-
ust 2. 1»C4.
1} ALO ALTO ACADEMY, one mile from
¦ Stanford Unlve— tity — Boys and younr men
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleg-ee. Exceptional Advantages In Modern
L*nruar« and Higher Mathematics. Fall term
betlns August 22. For catalogs* address
y atx Ann phiplt— . p a To Alto aL
¦DDTTCU17C FOR BARBERS. BA-
D£lUOilL\u k «™. bootblack*, bath-
houses, billiard tables. '
bre— ers. bookbinders, candy makers, canners. J
Cyrre, Soar miUs. foundries, laundries, paper-
har.rere, printers, painters, thoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHAKAH BROS.,
Srush Kan ui a ctur ers, 609 Sacrameoto St.He cannot be sovereign whcvwill not
serve. ¦ — )% _
When we see a man who is a dude
about his clothes, we feel sorry for the
work that falls upon his wife.
Wireless telegraphy is .in successful
use between Port Limon, Costa Rica,
and Bocas del Toro, Panama. A sta
tion will now be established at Colon.
The Dairymen's Association will
submit amendments tc the proposed
ordinance affecting the milk trade at
the Supervisors' meeting next Monday
afternoon. At a meeting of the mem
bers of the association It was held that
the restriction and rules proposed by
the ordinance would necessitate the
raising of the price of milk from 10 to
20 cents a Quart. John D. Daly, who
presided, held that the proposed ordi
nance would be the means of causing
great expense to the dairymen who,
while willing to improve the quality
of the milk supply, cannot submit to
rules that would be disastrous to them
from a business standpoint.
Milk-Bills May Come High.
Results at Seattle.
SEATTLE, « July 19. — Results at The
Meadows:
First race, five furlones, selling— Suburban
Qu?en won. Rosebud second, " Amata third.
Time, 1 :01%.
Second race, four furlongs, telling — David
Boland won. Lady Nlnora second, Maid of the
Mist third. Time, :49.
Third race, one mile, selling— Galanthu*
won. Frank Pierce second, Phyz third. Time,
1 :53Vi. ¦ ;
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Nonie
won. Cerro Santa second. Bell Reed third.
Time. 1:41.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Cathello won
Black Cloud second, July Gyp third. . Time,
l ;4«*^tj. - - . .- ..
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Dotterel
won, Anvil second. Ripper third. Time, 1:28.
Daughters Get Money.
Judge Troutt yesterday ordered a
partial distribution of . the estate of
Emily F. Pope, who died on February
Hi She left an estate ' valued at
$1,569,687 and named her son, George
Andrew Pope, as executor. He was to
have a third of the residue after the
two daughters received $175,000 each.
The latter bequest was ordered, paid by
the court to Florence Pope Frank and
Mary Pope Murphy. /
"Terrible Terry's" Brother to Do Bat
tle With Champion Bantam
weight on July 27.
PHILADELPHIA, July 19.— The
six-round bout between Hughey Mc-
Govern and Frankie Neil, the world's
bantam-weight champion, which had
been arranged to be boxed in Chicago,
but which had to be canceled owing
to Mayor Harrison's order 1 that no
boxing contests would hereafter be
permitted in that city, will be held in
Philadelphia next week.
The men were matched here to-day
by the National Athletic Club for a
six-round bout on the night of
Wednesday, July 27.
NEIL AND McGOVERN WILL . f -,
FIGHT IN PHILADELPHIA
SACRAMENTO, July 19. — The heat
was very noticeable at the tennis
courts to-day and as a result the play
ing was slow. The final match for the
doubles did not take place owing to
the Illness of S. E. Pope, Lumbard's
partner. Atkinson and Hinsdale, much
against their wish, will have to win
the Noack trophy by default. '
The singles matches closed the play
ing to-day. In this event there were
some close and exciting rallies. ¦ In
the finals Powell of Stockton was de
feated by Lumbard. Scores:
' Lumbard beat Ingles, 5-7. 6-3. 8-1. Mack
won rrom Elliot by default. Powell won from
Pope by default. Atkinson won from Burk by
default. Strickland beat toe Back. C-2, 6-3.
Powell beat Atkinson. 6-i; 6-2. Lumbard beat
Mack, 6-1, '6-1. Powell beat Hinsdale, C-l.
7-5. Lumbard beat Strickland, 6-1 6-2.
Finals— Lumbard beat Powell, 6-2. 6-3. 6-2.
This concludes the tournament for
this season. Sacramento landed both
the trophies.
Heat Is Oppressive and Many Crack
Players Lose Their Matches
by Default.
CAPITAL CITY RACKET
WIELDERS WIN PRIZES
By the Vevr York Moraine Telegraph.
First race— Confession, Estelle J,
Little Buttercup.
Second race — Good and Plenty,
Gortnaffallon, Libretto.
Third race— Gay Lothario, Clover
land, Whorler. j
Fourth race— Gold Saint, Lady
Prudence, Dick Bernard.
Fifth race — Waterboy, Broomstick,
Rosetlnt.
Sixth race— Peggy, Diamond Flush,
Fleur de Mnrie.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race— Telephone, Freesias,
Foresight.
Second Race— Creolln, Handvlce,
Weird. •
Third Race— Clifton Forge, Action,
Skilful.
Fourth Race — Brass:, Port Royal,
Joe Lesser.
Fifth Race— Jadej Del Carina, Fly
ins Brook.
Sixth Race — Capitanazo, Tennyburn,
Monte.
HAWTHORJfE SELECTIONS.
In place of the monthly boxing con
tests formerly given by the club the
directors will give strictly amateur
boxing and wrestling tournaments for
members only. The first of these will
be a championship wrestling tourna
ment, which will be given' as soon as
the alterations now in progress in the
clubrooms have been completed.
"Whereas, The public boxing contests riven
by the Reliance Athletic Club In the past have
not proven as successful as waa anticipated by
the club management; and.
Whereas, Such «xhlbltions are not conducive
to the general success and standing of an or
ganization having for Its object the fostering of
amateur athletics; therefore, be it
Resolved, That It is the sense of the board
of directors of the Reliance Athletic Club that
no public boxing exhibitions be hereafter given
by this organization.
OAKLAND, July 19. — The board of
directors of t^ie Reliance Athletic Club
decided by unanimous vote this even-
Ing to discontinue all professional box
ing contests. The club' will hereafter
devote all its energy to the promotion
of amateur athletics. The resolution
which was adopted at the meeting of
the board is as follows:
Contests for Members in the
Future.
Board Decides to Hold Only Amateur
RELIANCE CLUB DIRECTORS
BAR PROFESSIOXAL BOXING
There can be no education without
Inspiration.
NEW YORK, July 19— Following
are the entries for to-morrow at
Brighton Beach:
First race, five and a half furlongs—Confes
sor 104, Salt and Pepper 104. Squeezer 102,
Black Prince 102. Flat 102. Bonnie Agnes 99,
"Woolnola 99. Fleur de Marie 09. Roly Poly 99
CBlmness 99. Nellie Russell 99, Recreo 99
Cashier 09. Kstella J 04. Sachem 94, Little
Buttercup 94.
Second race, about two miles, steeplechase—
Gortnacallon 145, Jay Gee Gee 140. Good and
Plenty 140, Gascar 187, Maiden 135, Trek 135
Lida Woodlands 132, IJhretto 180.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell-
Ing— Hindred 111. Cloverland 108, Masterman
106, Gold Van 106, Gay Lothario 104, For
ward 103, Whorler 103, Agnes D 103 Un
masked 103. Sabot 101, Gold Doms 100, Bob
Murphy 89.
Fourth race, six furlongs, the Glencove han
dicap — Rapid Water 118. Divination 104, Dick
Bernard 103. Seymour 98, Tim Payne 02 Lady
Prudence 92, Gold Saint 92, Lady Amelia 92
Juvenal Maxim 100. -
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Waterboy 128, Broomstick 116, Rosetlnt
108, Lord Badge ©8, Gold Dome 93, Illyrla 87
Sixth race, five a«d a half furlongs — Virgo
118, Peggy 119, Pink Garter 109, Fleur de
Marie 100. Flinders 100,- Nightmare 100, Nellie
Russell 100. Catnpo 100, Race Queen 100, Miss
Bryant 100, Diamond Flush 100. (Nightmare
and Virgo, Oneck entry.)
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
BONESTEEL, S. D., July 19.—Gov
ernor Herreid has been communicated
with relative to sending troops to
Bonesteel to. preserve order. It is not
believed, however, that the Governor
will act, as the time for registration
ends next Saturday and troops could
hardly reach here much before that
time.
There were 3400 registrations to-day.
The line Is two blocks long\ to-night.
Much excitement was caused during
the day by a number of men, who un
dertook to take possession of the stars
and guns of the special police ,who
have been put on duty by the town of
ficials. The men were mostly conces
sionaires, who occupy places on street
corners. They claim that they have
paid high prices for their privileges
and were not being permitted to oper
ate their places.
Marshall McDermott tried to stop a
game and was pounced upon and his
gun taken from him. He was badly
beaten and kicked into unconscious
ness, and a number of other policemen
received like treatment.
There is a tremendous crowd here
and the registration to-morrow will be
increased.
At, Fairfax, twenty miles from here,
where is located another registration
office, the numbers were less and regis
tration proceeded without trouble.
Three trains carrying 3000 persons are
expected to arrive Wednesday morn
ing.
YANKTON, S. D., July 19.— Seven
thousand people registered for Rose
bud land at Yankton to-day and the
rush to-morrow will be still greater.
The total registration at Yankton
alone is now over 40,000 and will reach
60,000 before closing ' on Saturday.
Forty-six clerks are employed. The
lines of people in waiting to-day were
at times six blocks long. Men are
making a business of going into line
and selling out when near the door for
$5. $10 and even $25. \
McCarthy.
Fourth race — Broomhandle, Loretta
M, Lady Savoy.
Fifth race — Imboden, St. Paris,
Claremont.
Sixth race— King's Court, Jake
Weber, Tickfnl.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Ladas, Colonel Ballan
tyne, Jerry Hunt.
Second race— SIJss Gomez, Pink
Marsh, Anyway.
Third race — Elle, Athena, Bessie
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
Airrar Breaks Five-Mile Record.
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 17. — Emfl
Agraz, the California amateur, to*
night clipped 17 seconds off tha
world's amateur flve-mjie bicycle rec-»
ord, made by Hurley on tha Vails*
burg track. Agraz rode the- distance
In 10:39 flat.
CHICAGO, July 19. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow's races at
Hawthorne:
First race, one mile, selling 1 — Trompeuso 95
Golden Mineral 97. Freckman 07, Ryevale 37,
Watermelon 07, Freesias 100, Thank Haven
100, Jerry Lynch 100, Martins 100, Telephone
100, Great Eastern 100. Foresight 102, Ebony
105. Potrero Grande 105, Prince of Pllsen 105.
Second race, handicap steeplechase, short
course— Sweet Jane 130. Allegiance 133, Don
ami 135. Weird 138. Cork 140, Creolln 142,
Handvlce 157, Golden Way 155.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap — Princess
Tulane 104, Clifton Forge 108, Americano 109.
Skilful 109, Action 109.
Fourth race, one mile— Don't Ask Me 102,
Fonsoluca 104, Joe Lesser 104, Estrada Palma
105, Jake 105, Bragg: 107, Port Royal 111.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Lydla
Meadors 90, Del Carina 96. Swift and True
96. Proprietor 90. Gleeman 99. Captain Neroth
99. Flying Brook 99, No Trumper 100. Green
Gown 102. Jade 102, M. A. Powell 104, Allen
Avon 105. Dr. Leggo 105, Dixie Lad 100,
Made 107.
\ Sixth race, five furlongs, maidens — Butwell
103, Husted 103, Dr. Kenney 103. Thedramin
103, Clydeo 106, Bonnie Prince Charlie 106
Bryan 106. Monte 106. Norway 106. Deshon
10C. Tom Shelly 108, Mart Gentry 108. Cap
ltanazo 111, San Jose 111, Tennyburn 111.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Much Excitement Prevails
as the Limit for Land
Eegistration Is Approached
RIOTOUS TOWN
IS BONESTEEL
FAIR GROUNDS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 19. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at the Fair
Grounds:
First race, one mile, selling— Frank McKee
12t. Irby Bennett 122, Choice 121, Ladas 121.
Colonel Ballantyne 118, St. Simonian 119 Fltz
brlllar 117. Jerry Hunt 116, Golden Light 116.
Handapinncr 114, Daralvan 114.
Second race, elx furlonjrs. maidens — Marjorle
Brewer 105. Pink Marsh 100, Lady Charles 105
Miss Gomez 105, Bettle Deceiver 105. Bush
Smith 103, Lonlana 105, Orla 105 Cora "Weed
105. Essayer 105, Oro Z 1C5, Anyway 105, Miss
Gabrielle Watte 105, Cardona 105.
Third rac». one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling — Bessie McCarthy 108, Leenja 105, Daisy
Hawthcrne 1C3. Alice Turner 100, Athena 06.
Kile »1. Mildred L 87.
Fourth race, six furlonps— Broomhandle 114,
Lady Savoy 111, Loretta M 107, Dameron 103,
Monaco Maid 1OJ.
Fifth race, one mile— Imboden 102, Claremont
102. Arthur 102. St. Paris 102. Klngr** Charm
102. Ascot 99, Scalper 09, St. Agnes II 97.
Sixth race, seven furlonjrs. selling — Buccleuth
10S, Flyer 106. Bengal 1C5. Veneer 105 Wager
10.1. Second Mate 103. Jake 103. Tlckful
lOTl. CaterDlllor 103, Axares 102. Billy Moore
102. Kinc's Court 97, Tony Lepping 87.
Weather rainy; track sloppy.
NEW YORK. July ID.— Police In
spector Brooks and forty detectives
went to Brighton Beach race track
this afternoon and blocked all racing
news sent over the Western Union
wires by the filing of scores of mes
sages after each race. Between 2
o'clock and 4 o'clock the police filed
400 telegrams and sent a similar num
ber of telephone messages. The pool
room men were frantic over thi3 ac
tion and what little news they re
ceived had to be sent from outside
wire sources and was very late. Th«
service for newspapers was also de
layed.
Inspector Brooks declined to ex
plain this action, but some of the de
tectives were more talkative. They
said that complaint had been mada
that commercial telegrams were being
sidetracked by the Western Union in
favor of racing messages. No one but
the poolrooms had a chance at tha
race track telegraph office, it was said.
A test case was being made, explained
the detectives, to see how much there
was in the complaint.
Inspector Brooks and His Squad De
lay Messages to New York
Poolrooms.
DETECTIVES INTERCEPT
NEWS FRO3I RACE TRACK
LIKELY AMATEUR BOXERS
WILL BATTLE FOR HONORS
PORTLAND, July 19.— It was a
clashing good game with fee score a
tie in the ninth inning. Then the Tigers
showed their true nature, and devoured
theJr playmates. Keefe had to be re
lieved by Thomas to win the game,
but if Butler had received proper sup
port the tale might have been different.
In the ninth, with the score 3 all,
Graham, the first man. up. flew out to
Xadeau. Thomas hit to left and Camp
bell juggled Doyle's warm one. A single
by Sheehan brought Thomas home.
Nordyke slammed the ball so hard that
It slid through Raymond's glove and
hit the Brown in the ribs.
Doyle sauntered home, followed soon
by Sheehan on Lynch's long swipe to
McCreedle. Casey's sinple scored Nor
dyke. When the Browns came up
Nadeau and McCreedle hit safely, but
the next three went out in rapid order.
The double umpiring or O'Connell and '
McDonald gave great satisfaction. The
score:
Portland— . , Tacoma—
AB R. H. PA. AB.R. H. PA.
Ndeaul.If 3 114 0 Doyle, rf 4 2 1 0 0
M Crdl,rf 6 0 2 4 1 Shehn. Hb 4 1 2 1 3
l>rnan. cf 6 1 1 1 O Nrdyk.lb 4 2 17 1
Beck. lb. 4 0 O 9 O Eapan, s. 4 1 1 3 1
Uj-mnd. * 4 « 0 1 2 Lynch, rf 4 0 1 2 0
dr.pbl.2b 4 0 12 0 Casey. 2b 4 0 3 5 2
.Brdly 3b 4 0 1 O 1 MLgn. If 5 0 13 0
Shea. c..« 0 1 5 1 Grahm, c4 0 1 6 1
Butler j>4 1 1 1 4'Kcefe, p. 2 0 0 0 2
iThornas.p 2 110 1
Total*. 37 3827 9
I Totals. 37 7 12 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0—3
Ha?e hits 0 21200 0 12— S
Tscoma 1 0 0 O O 2 0 0 4 — 7
Bate bit* 10020411 3—12
SUMMARY.
Krrors— Sheehan <3), Caf=ey, Keefe. Shea,
Campbell, Raymond, Beck. Earned runs —
Portland 1, Tacoma 2. Stolen bases — Casey.
MrLaughlln, Drennan. Bases en bolls — Off
Butler :5. ott Keefe 2. Struck out— By Butler
::. by Kocff 3. by Thomas 1. Left on bases —
Portland VI Taccma 7. Hiti»— Off Keefe 5. oft
Thomas 3. Sacrifice hits — Nadeau. theehan.
NonJyk*. Lynch. Time cf same — One hour and
S.rty-fivp minutes. Umpires — O'Ccnnell and
McDonald.
pear Before San Francisco Club
Friday Nient-
Many Fast Lads Are 3Iatched to Ap-
Manager Alex Greggalns of the Stm
Francisco Athletic Club has arranged
a good card for the monthly exhibi
tion of the club to take place at
Woodward's Pavilion next Friday
night. The main events will be fur
nished by Harry Chester and George
Curry, light heavy-weights; John
Croew and Harry McCloud, bantams,
and Bob Cairns and Joe Larkin, light
weights.
Jim Sweeney and Young Cohlnskl
will do battle at 128 pounds, Mike
Synfy and Joe Podesta are to meet at
130 pounds and a couple of other fast
youngsters will complete the pro
gramme. Alex Greggains will referee
all the mills. It is expected that some
of the boxers billed to appear will be
eligible for the championship battles
to be fought at the World's Fair next
month.
A CA3IP AND A CIRCLE
INSTALL NEW OFFICERS
CLEVELAND MAKES GRAND
RALLY IN TWELFTH INNING
Joe Corbett Rounds Into Form Once
Again and Mystifies the
Bretonians.
Two Impressive Ceremonies Attend
ing Induction of Officers Wit
nessed by Many.
Between five and six hundred men
and women crowded .Into Eagles' Hall
last night to witness the installation of
the officers of Golden West Camp of
the Woodmen of the World and those
of Redwood Circle, Women of Wood
craft.
The atmosphere of the hall was
fragrant with the odor of thousands of
roses that were used in floral and ever
green decorations. The officers of the
camp were installed by Past Consul
Commander Goddard of Richmond
Camp, assisted by the drill team of
twenty uniformed men of that camp
under command of Captain P. G. Gar
lick. Those of the circle were installed
by Deputy Grand Guardian Mrs. J. W.
Steanart, assisted by the drill team of
the camp, commanded by Captain
Pearl de Ganna, all attfred In white,
wearing red, wliite and green sashes
and carrying tiny spears decorated
with the colors of the order. The work
in each Instance was. impressively per
formed and each set of Installing of
ficers was loudly applauded. After the
Installation there waa a contralto solo
by Sylvan Russell, fancy dancing by
Miss Hanna and Miss Guttman, recita
tion by Mr. Craw, remarks for tne
good of the order by Special Organizer
Miss Summers and W. C Krumm, ape
dal State organizer, and the presenta
tion of emblematic badges to the re
tiring guardian neighbor of the circle
and the retiring consul commander of
th.e camp. This was followed by the
presentation of flowers, the .serving of
icecream and cakes, light refeshments
and dancing. Mrs. A. F. McMahon
was the chairman of the committee
of arrangements.
PENSIONS OP RETIRED
TEACHERS ARE REDUCED
Inadequacy of Funds for Purpose Re
sults In .Lowering of Maximum
Sum Paid.
At a meeting of the Public School
Teachers* Annuity and Retirement
Fund Commission held yesterday with
Mayor Bchmitz and Superintendent
Langdon present demands aggregat
ing $2398 90 were drawn In favor of
thirty-nine annuitants for the. quarter
ending June 30, 1904. The retired
teachers who are supposed to receive
the maximum anuity were paid but
$22 per month Instead of $50, as for
merly. This 'Is owing to the inade
quacy of the monthly contributions to
the fund by the active teachers. The
Board of Education is endeavoring to
solve the problem, but nothing definite
has yet been agreed upon.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(National League.) 1 (American League.)
W.L.Pct. W.L.Pct.
New York... Jtf 21 .727 j Boston 50 £5 .607
Chicago 48 27 .G40'New York... .40 29 .613
Cincinnati . .44 31 .uS7iChlca«o . 46 S3 .SS2
PlU*bur*r ...41 32. K2 Philadelphia.. 41 S3 .554
S=t Louis 40 35 .Ki^'Cleveland . . .88 33 .535
Brooklyn 3l> &2 .'JttiSt. Louis 31 40 .437
Hoston 2S 50 .059!Detroit 30 44 .405
Philadelphia.. 17 5t> .2331 Washington .1* 59.192
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON July 19. — Cleveland won to-day*»
game in fcn»i\> bard-fought innings by a fine
batting rally. In which Hickman, Turner, Bay
and BernharJ were prominent. Bay estab
liehed a record for outfielders. Bine of his
twelve put outs being; made In the regular
innlsgt. Attendance. 6100. Scow:*
R. H. E.
Cleveland a 10 1
Borton 1 6 1
D-Llli'ilw TVri ill mil and Bexnls; IXneen end
Crt«er.
SEW YORK. July 18. — The New Yorks won
an «leven-i£nlng pame from Detroit to-day by
a acoce of 2 to 1. Barrett's fumble and &
hit fcy tmii&ms to O*Leary scored ths winning
run fcr the locals. Attendance, 2200. 6cor«:
R. H. B.
New Xork 2 8 1
Detroit - 17 2
Ba£te*es — Ow-etwo and Kletnow; Iwcxrvan
and Budow.
WASHINGTON. July 19.— Walsh wu rery
effective to-day against Washington, keeping
the hits ccattered la all but one Inning. All
the hits eave one made off Dunkle were
tu ached in three Inning*. Attendance, 6000.
Boob*:
'WasfeiogtoB ...._„.... 16 2
Chicago ...„._.... ............ S 8 1
Batterte* — D*skl» rnd Clarice; Walsh and
2£sFa.rlB&d.
PHILADELPHIA. July IB. — St. Ixxxla broke
Phu&delphta's winning streak by scoring th«
ooly run of the game in ti>« ninth Inning on
WallaoV'a atngle and KXJbo«'a scratch two-base
bit. GJadc's pitching and tb* brilliant fielding
of th» &om« teem war* tb» features. 8oore:
B. H. B.
Et Jjocim l 10 3
PtflttintpMa 0 6 0
Batterte*— Glade us& K*boe; 'WaaCtU and
Sefcrsdc
NATIONAL LEACRTB.
ST. ICKJt^, July lfi. — et. XjooU took tit* third
straight game of the series from Boston to-day
Corbett. who has been pitching poor ball since
he Joined the Et. LouU team, ehotred good
form and held Boston safe with the exception
cf the sixth, when three hits netted two runs
Attendance, 1*00. Score:
— * . R. H. E.
Ft. IjOBIs 8 18 1
Boston S 4 9
Batterte* — Oorbett and Orady; Wllhehn,
Fisher end Keedham. Urspirw — Effie'Je.
CHICAGO, July 19. — To-day's ram* waa a
bard fought pitchers' battle, both pitchers
doing excellent work, asd Philadelphia lost on
an error in the last inning. Attendance, 2000
Bcore:
~_. R. H. B.
Chicago 1-1 2
Philadelphia 0 9 1
Batteries— Brown and Klfng; Sudhott and
Roth. Umpire— Zlmmer.
PITTSBURO, July 19.— PUUburg won out
in the ninth Inning with three-baggers by
Wagner and Sebring and a single by Ritchie.
Lynch %-as rather wild for two innings, but
steadied down and pitched much better ball
than Matthewson. who was saved by the bril
liant fielding of Mertee. Leach made an al
most impossible catch cf a fly. Score:
R. H E
PitUburg 2 8 0
New York 1 40
Batteries— Lynch and Smith; Matthewson and
Warner. Umpire* — Moran and CDay.
CINCINNATI. July 18.— Garvin luted but '
one irniin;? for Brooklyn, four hits and an error '
proving hie undoing. Cronin, who succeeded
him, was hit hard at Intervals. Attendance,
Cincinnati *7 H JS E 6
Brooklyn 2 ~7':*'Z\
Batteries — Harper and Schlei; Garvin, Cro
nin and Ritter. Umpires — Carpenter and John
none.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Justice of the Peace Rose of Sut
ter Creek has fined A. S. Hartwick $20
for selling trout less than half a
pound in weight. Justice of the Peace
Magee of San Rafael has fined Q.
Payno $20 for killing doves. Justice
of the Peace Bowling of Ventura has
fined J. Snyder, H. Henry and Joseph
Richardson $23 each for killing deer
before July 15.
Self-conceit throws salt into the
wounds of pride. ¦
Cricket Match a Tic.
LONDON. July 19. — The cricket
inatch between Haverford (Pennsyl
vania) and Haileybury College to-day
resulted In a drawn game. Haileybury
scored 336 runs for nine wickets down
and Haverford 191 runs for four
•rickets down,
Weight is not worrying Eddie Han-
Ion or his trainer. Frank McDonald.
When the little boxer jumped upon the
scales yesterday he tipped the bar at
132 pounds, two pounds above the notch
at which he has agreed to weigh in for
"Battling" Nelson. With nine days
still remaining to dispose of the sur
plus avoirdupois the next opponent of
the slashing Scandinavian can take
matters easy and be at the required
mark when the weighing in time ar
rives.
Eddie was permitted to pull on the
gloves yesterday for the first time in
a week, and he and Toby Irwin gave
and took punches for three rounds.
Trainer McDonald directed the boxing
and at the end of every period saw
that the mitt wielders rested for the
full minute. Hanlon did not use his
crouch," but stood up straight and dis
played improved rapidity and clever
ness with both hands. He pummeled
the bag for six rounds, twisted the
wrist machine for six minutes and
hurled the irediclne sphere for ten min
utes.
When Hanlon went out on the road
for his usual morning spin yesterday
he was a"c«mranied by Trainer Mc-
Donald and Iiwin. The trio walked
and spurted for six miles, and Eddie's
chief handler found no fault with his
method of exercising on the highways.
Tj-day Ff.nlcn will spar with Fred
Landeis and will go into action In his
crouching position. Landers Is about
the same size as "Battling" Nelson,
and Hanlon plans to practice on him as
!f he were his next opponent.
"Uattllng" Nelson continues to train
hard end faithfully at Larkspur and at
the present t'me the Chicago lad loiks
to be ready for the clang of the goni?.
He did his usual turns yesterday ani
among the 01 my of visitors at the trail
ing quarters rcne were more Interested
than several young women who jour
neyed all the way from this city *.o s>ie
how Nelson worked out.
He is d«irr a lot of boxing and !eads
his srarring partners a merry life. All
of them are more or less battered up
and each is wishing that training days
were ever. Nfison can make the weight
almost any time now and from np
pearnncos he will be stronger and in
Letter ccnf.ilion generally than when
he faced Mm tin Canole.
Jeffries is in the best ot spirits and
says he feels ready and fit for the
hardest kind of a fight. Mrs. Jeffries
will accompany her husband to Har
bin. Billy Delaney will leave on Fri
day to be with the big man until after
the fight.
OAKLAND, July 13- — Champion
James J. Jeffries arrived thi3 morning
from Los Angeles, accompanied by his
wife and his brother Jack. The b!g
fellow looked well and is able to walk
without the aid of a cane. The Injury
to his knee is entirely healed. Jeffrlea
said to-day:
"My leg is now as strong aa It eves
was and there will be no need of any
further postponement of the fight with
Munroe. As far as that goes, though*
when the bell calls Munroe and my
self together on August 25 I will be in
the ring if I have to go on one leg.
"I shall remain In Oakland for a few
days and shall then go to Haxbla
Springs to resume training for the
fight."
Jeffries will leave to-morrow morn*
ing for Harbin. Dr. William S. Porter,
who atended the champion, said, after
an examination of the injured knee:
"The swelling has subsided In the
knee. The water has been entirely ab
sorbed and there is no pain or lame
ness about the Joint. Jeffries Is In fin*
spirits and will not be inconvenienced
by the injury unless he should meet
with another accident. AH danger oX
weakness or stiffness In the knee Joint
has passed."
Foley showed to good advantage In
the first few rounds, being able to
punch Barry almost at will and avoid
returns. He cut Barn* about the face
in the fourth and fifth rounds and had
his man groggv at the close of the
fourth. In the sixth Foley attempted
to exchange blows with Barry and in
the slugging that followed he was
floored twice and was saved by the
gong.
The seventh round had progressed
but a minute and a half when Barry
caught Foley a left hook on the point
of the jaw as they broke from a clinch
and the latter went down and out.
Jim Trimble knocked out Tom Cos
tello in the fourth round and Frank
Fields disposed of Pat Meany In two
rounds. There was a large attendance.
The fight was managed by the Century
Athletic Club.
LOS ANGELES, July 19.— Boxing
was resumed In Los Angeles to-night
after an interval of eight months.
Dave Barry knocked out Harry Foley
in the seventh round of what was to
be a twentv-round go. Both men are
from San Francisco and furnished the
chief attraction of a very interesting
show.
STANDIXO OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W.UPct.) W.L.Prt.
Tfccoma 64 4.1 .WS!Oakland 53 53 .500
Seattle 58 4£ .&C3 San Fran 44 til .418
Lua Anrel««- -66 43 .: 3.1 [Portland 3S» 62 .3S«
Big Fellow Thinks That He
Can Now Round Into Con
dition for Cominjr Fiffht
Nelson Continues to Work
Hard, Though He Is Now
Ready to Enter the Ring
Outpoints Opponent in the
Early Stages of Battle,
•but Fails to Go the Pace
Portland Opens Up the Last
Round With Two Hits, but
Both Men Die on the Bags
DEFEATED 3IAX CLEVER
KXEE ENTIRELY HEALED
SIXTH RACE— One mile and three-eighths;
four- year-olds and u»:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
9 to 2— Goo Goo. 05 (Rice) 2 24= In
0 to 2— Nettie Regent, 87 (L.Wtl) 1 In 2 3
S to 1— Miss Eon, 01 (Stoval) It 6 4 3 3
Time. 2:22%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Hickey Bros', b. m. (4) by Spend
thrift-Schottka. Little Corker 97 Harry K 00
George Vivian 05, Admettus 100. Edgardo 100,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and vs:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
9 to 2 — Thane. 105 (D. Austin)... 6 12 1%
8 to 1— Byron Rose, 101 (R.Wilsn) 8 S3 2a
G to 5 — Light Opera, 09(L. Wilson) 2 2 Vi 3 «i
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. C. Milam & Go's. ch. g. (5) by Atheling-
Stonecrop. King Rose 103. Conundrum 101.
Bomblno 91, Boaster 108, Glennevls 102, fin
ished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; threu-year
olds and uo:
Betting. Hor»e. "Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin
8 to 1— Otto Stifel. 93 (Bmblen). 7 3 2 15
Otol— Rebo. 104 (Lindsey) 11 In 22
16 to 1— Folies Berg., 96 (UWlsn) 8 4 8 3 1%
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. B. Schreiber's b.-c. (3) by Saln-Wetumka.
Floral Wreath 105, Ice Water 112 Operator 116
Frank Bell 114, Elastic 124, finished as named!
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Hadrian 103 (Ltndsey).. 2 12 11
5 to 1— Princess Orna.100 (Astn) 4 3 % 2 2
9 to 2— Red Leaf, 112 (Dale)... 1 47 3 1
Time. 1:08%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Mackey & Co.'s br. c. by Hand
some-Klondyke. Monaco Maid 100. Major
?n U « tlO ?£ *£?' £ ln ?' 8 T^Pny 103. Milton Young
108. Woodlands 108. finished as named.
I ST. LOUIS. July 19.— Otto Stifel won
a great race in the handicap here this
afternoon, beating a fine field after
being practically left at the post. Sti
fel ran around the fast field and won
going away. Folies Bergeres, which
was thrown out of it by Stifel at the
start, closed much ground and ran in
the money. Track fast. Weather
clear. Attendance 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a, hall furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6, to 1 — Annisquam, 95 (Howell)..ll li 13
5 to 2 — Lady Lou, 95 (Seder) T 3 b 2 h
4 to 1— Stella M, 108 (Austin)... 4 2h 3 %
Time, :56U. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C W. Given & Co.'s br. f. by Characle-
Avalanche. Opinion 101, Geneva Lee 100. Fay
Harpe 95, Olgetha 95, Mary Maud 85, Hello
Girl 95. Annabelle Lee 98. Like Me 103, Bowl
ing Ship 90. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; thre«-year-
Betting:. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Kng's Chrm,106 (Lndsy) 6 3 S 12
20 to 1— Simon Kent, 103 (Macy) 7 1 n 2 4
3 to 1 — Potter, 100 (Austin) .... 1 2233
Time. 1:15%. . Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Ohio's br. c. by King's Counsel-
Charm. Yellmantown 98, Berry Hughes 103,
Burrows 100. Rappert 98, Turrando 109. Tat
tenham 106. Baggerly 104. The Hebrew 100.
Bountiful 95, Mohave 104, Harfang 112, finished
as named.
EpecJal Dispatch to The Call.
WILL MAKE WEIGHT
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »I Fin.
1 to 2— Hurst Park, 326 (Martin) 8 l«n«
20 to 1— Dinah Shad, 97 (Jones).. 1 2 Si 2 1%
20tol— Hydrangea. 97 (Travers). 6 4 3 3 «i
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won easily, win
ner. M. Corbett's ch. h. by Klngston-Editha.
The Cricket, Stone Arabia, Prince of Arragon
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Btttlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
12 to 1— Flexion. 105 (Mile?) 12 6h 1 1J4
2Otol— Bik. Sock*. 100 (Philips). 3 8 2 1<4
8 to 1 — Allan. 103 (Crimmins). . . 1 2 h 3 1 '
Time. 1:48. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. E. Morrell's b. c. by Longford-Flozette
Dauphlne, Mary Worth, Prince Salm Salm,
Falmouth. Hackensack, Nlc Longworth, Chat
tah. Dan Conners, Allsa, Remlttal. Mabon,
finished as named.
FOIRTH RACE— Five and a halt furlongs;
two-year-olds; the Sunshine stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. a.; Fin
."> to 1— Pasadena.. 107 (Martin).. 6 4 U, 1 114
lfi ton — St. Beilane, 124 (Redf»rn) 4 6' 2n
10 to 1— A. Allen. 112 (WondPrly) 1 3 h 3 h
Time. 1:07 1-5. Start fair. Won easily
Winner. J. Mclaughlin's b. c. by Ben Strome-
Bluebells. Woodsaw, Martha Gorman Belllg
eier.t. finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap: for three-year-olds and up-
Betting. Horre, Weight. Jockey. St. K Kin.
B to 1— S. Bell?, 9ti (.I.Cochran) 4 3 3 1 %
13 to 20 — Palmbearer. 9» (Trvrs). 1 1 h ° 6
5 to 2— S. Ground. *.t9 (H.Phlps) 2 2 S 3 6
Time. 1:64. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. Mrs. C. Cochran"s ch. f. by Star Ruby-
Sonoma. Pat's Choice and Lord Melbourne
finished as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. Y., July 19.
Thousands to-day saw a good ' per
formance when E. R. Thomas' St. Bel
lane ran a creditable second to James
McLaughlin's Pasadena in the Sun
shine stake for two-year-olds. St. Bel
lane has never failed to run a good
race, no matter what class it was that
he was meeting. In the stake to-day
he was conceding twenty pounds to
the winner, Pasadena, and was beaten
not much more than a length and a
half in the good time of 1:07 1-5 for
five and a half furlongs.
Perhaps the most sensational victory
of the day was that of Sonoma Belle,
ridden by J. Cochran, brother of H.
Cochran. . The boy is of limited expe
rience, but was good enough for his
father to entrust him with the piloting
of the mare and the result was victory.
The judgment of the father was vindi
cated. But the few who saw how far
behind Sonoma Belle was for the first
six furlongs thought she had a win
niDg chance.
Far In front of her were Palm Bearer
and Stamping Ground, racing each
other as if each succeeding furlong
was the last. This cutthroat pol
icNat last began to tell and then So
noma Belle was seen to be coming on.
She passed Stamping Ground in the
last furlong. A few jumps short of
the finish she got upon even terms with
Palm Bearer and at the judges' stand
she was in front by half a length.
Summaries:
FIRST RACK— Six fturtoc«»; handicap; for
three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— M. Carlo. 100 <EJ.Wlsh). 2 12 1 2i4
6 to 1 — Ascension, 115 CT.Brns). 4 8 1 2 "i
\) to 2— James. 119 (H.Phillips). 7 8 H 3 lli
Time, 1:13. Start cood. Won easily. Win
ner. J. D. McCue's ch. h. by Pontlac-Troyana.
Stalwart, Gay Boy, Ancestor, Major Pelham.
Clotena. Roehampton, Go Between, Fickle and
CinquevalU finished as named.
SECOXD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse; for maiden two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weleht. Jockey. St. »J Fin.
20 to 1— Tarpan, 102 (Holmes).. 2 1 h 1 W
7 to 2 — Gotowin. 0t» (Travefs).. 1 2 1V,2 4V 2
4 to 1— P. MeAdoo, 102 (D.Clns) 6 5 3 3 34
Time, 1:08. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. J. E. McDonalds b. c. by Wolsthorpe-
Seafood. Agnes. Virginia. Roundelay Parett!
Jerushi, Captain Sam, Miller's Daughter, Haw
trey. Sweet Lillian and Ida Stack finished aa
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BE0WNIE FIELDERS EBR
SIXTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; puree:
Betting. Horpe, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
0 to !>— John Smulski. HS(Hoffler) 4 2 Mt 1 n
18 to 5 — Mum, 110 (Oliphant).... 1 111*2 1
10 to 1— Albert Fir, 113 (Prior).. 6 7 2' 3 n
Time, :55 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. c. by Esher-EIIan
gowan. Angler 108, Costigan 113. Blue Bird
118, El Otis 118, Mary Eleanor 105, Blanche S
100. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yard's;
four-year-old9 and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
1C to 5 — Handley Cross. 107 (Otis) 7 2 111
7 to 1— Maud Muller, 08 (McBrd) 6 12 2 4
10 to 1— Bill &Iassie,102(Sherwood) 4 3^31
Time, 1:40 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, Harry Stephens' b. g. (6) by Sayre-
Mary Wright. Scotsman 105, Firing Line 105,
O'Hagen 102, Annie 105, finished as named.
Even— Flaxman. 113 (Prior)... 4 2 4 2 Vj
100 to 1— Janeta, 102 (Oliphant) .25 3 %
Time. 1:01. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, W. H. Hammond's ch. f. by Magnet-
Tennebrae. Waddell II 105, Queen Esther 102,
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse:
Botting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
9 to 10— The Mist, 114 (Hoffler). 3 1 2 1 h
THIRD RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
four- year-olds and up; soiling:
Botting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 1— Celebration. 105 <Feicht). 3 l.h 1 h
0 to 1— Federal. 102 (Lawrence). 141 2h
10 to 1— Frivol. 102 (Morrison)... 4 fl V4 3 5
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. Robertson's ch. g. (4) by Clear the
Way-Jubilation. . Evelyn Kinsey 101. St. Hera
102. Mezzo 105. Gloriosa 102, Crestfallen 113,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; Bellinff:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
15 to 1— Redman, 100 (Perrlne)... 3 1^13
30tol — Atlantlco, lOtt (Bell) 2 5 3 l!4i
20 to 1— Dragoon. 105 (Larsen)... 1 3 U, 3 h
Time. 1:14. Start cood. Won easily. Win
ner. W. S. Price's b. g. by Star Ruby-Hanna.
Geranium 100, Watermelon 101, Singing Master
103, Beywood 105. Blue Darter 110, Lady Belalr
101, Volney 101, Circulator 101, finished as
named.
CHICAGO, July lj>.— There was no
particular feature to the racing . at
Hawthorne to-day, the card being made
made up of cheap fields, with no
semblance to class in any of the events.
The race that attracted the most at
tention was the third, in which Cele
bration, Federal and Frivol, all long
shots, furnished a hair-raising finish,
being heads apart at the wire and so
close together than only the judges
could place them as they finished. SL
Hera, a 6 to 5 favorite, finished tax
back, while Crestfallen, a well backed
second choice at 13 to 5. was last.
It was a complete upset for the tal
ent, as the three first horses went up
in the betting, Celebration, winner, be
ing 13 to 1, Federal 6 to 1 and Frivol 20
to 1 at post time. Celebration was
considerably the best. He took the
lead after rounding the first turn, and,
although Crestfallen and St. Hera both
tried to outrun him, they failed, and
then Federal took up the effort at the
final eighth pole, .where Frivol also
Joined them. Celebration showed won
derful gamenees and under a vicious
drive outstayed them and won by a
short head.
As the four favorites won, the talent
again had the bookmakers on the run.
The track was fast, weather pleasant
and attendance above the average.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fia.
1 to 4— Flying: Ship, 10* (Olpnnt) 2 1 :i^l 3
12 to 1— Ahola, 102 (Knapp) 4 32 22
T to 1— Wainamoinen. 105 (Hoflr) 14 3 3 3
Time, 1:41 4-5. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner, Clay Bros.' b. f. (3) by Flying Dutch
man-Phalia. Ethel Wheat 104, Ethylene 08,
Gracious 109, Dobrouck 07, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Champion Arrives From the
South and Will Commence
Training in a Few Days
Fast Fight Ends During the
Seventh Round, When Both
3Ien Try Game of Mixing
Sonoma Belle Comes Strong
at Stretch and Overcomes
Big Lead.
Long Shots Finish One, Two,
Three in Third Event at
Hawthorne.
Otto Stifel, Practically Left
at Post, Beats His
Whole Field.
Dons the Gloves With Toby
Invin and Shows Up Well
in a Fast Practice Bout
Hard Drives in t£e Ninth
Inning Give Tacoma Four
Runs and Game Breaks Up
BARRY HOOKS
FOLEY ON JAW
HANLON BEGINS
TO BOX AGAIN
JEFF IS READY
TO WORK AGAIN
TIGERS MAKE
A HOT FINISH
SPEEDY PASADENA LEADS ST. BELLANE
TO THE FINISH IN AN EXCITING RACE
TIGERS CINCH HOLD ON FIRST PLACE BY BEATING THE BROWNIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Speaking of Quality I
pTlM Just Open a
i j|\Sf Bottle of
•s 1 lijjjiji fQ 6 A IT* ~~W
¦"* liibsiu: IB I A% 1 M
ill ilflL MILWAUKEE
J$P3& -EsiiljigL TTiere'a wher» the
j mSu IssSa ¦ ':' ! jlaiij» comes la — It's In every
gjii^gjiHiii^fS^a bottle or keg; tnat
*' iSE&'?i$$fiS bcK Order " Blatl " *<"¦
8? tnffllBrffiSiffiliy $1 tn " sake of your
ft a5fi!rj^. ; 'ggBiml health— and the health
WSeKf VSsijSSfla ot your family. Every
: |-,5apy A yBW^M bottle sterilized.
Malt-V'mne
' : &[jj$ffi / ~ifipyk Wfon-Intox.) Tonic. {
sm 1 l y/Aiftff.?^ I ' i '' j uLAIt DnLffi LOi
.MILWAUKEE
EH ilSi 11 1 SAM BZBO & CO,
*BB?m« 1 "'iiiiiilS«»» Wholesale Sealers,
313 Battery St.,
Tel. Mala 5859. Saa Francisco.
Avisit DR. JORDAN'S great A
ctHUSEUU OF ANATOaU
U E^ «3:iua2iTK.t3t.3:i*r.i,s..r.:-.:. a
\ X§T % ,. Th * L»M» AMiomlal Mumuk ia tha A •
Q ¦l.lA_in. "or'd- WaaJtacwas «r an? cciumM A
6PS9 2 i * e "a.*«a.*v'' lT " - *~ itl y t! »« < » M ««£- i
|JE£|I 3peeiHlMOB iheCouc. EsLjayttn. Q
0 bS^S DR< J'^AX-O'SEASES OF UIH A
\ »C^»»$3 CmwoltttiOB h'f »nd vr.rt\f pri»»te. \
0 I H J™*~l_V"*<»»i>7 « »t i«t«. a A
\8ff llM rftmtm CW« in r*«ry case un.lrrtairrn. T
OF U 11 V w ««e tor Bo*k. rill .«<OPn If »t A
A ii li- ™l»»ble book for an) V,
v DD. JUCDAX * CO.. 1031 Market St.S. P. Y
JS^^S^m MENAHOWQMUli
tfASg^ntt'T^IEi Cs«Ble« for unnatural
_(SSy li>bS ia rOfe<l dUcharg »§,infUnim.itionn.
/f*gTtf <*B»raau«4 y Irritations or uleeratlocs '
ELr'J »•* »• juiowrt. of mueoai meahranea.
Ji-3_"JT~7fv.7 U * fcl T.' P»in".e»i. «nd not »ttria>
gT^TBEEfmCKSMiCllCo. f «nt or pcijoDotjs.
WgSfe.. 0'*Bl»MTl,O.jBSS Said hy DratsiiU.
XBjjngkt, C*.A> 3Bf ot tent la plain wmjjit,
«««Gaf2o br axpress. prepaid, far
X^B«* «i.oo. or 3 bottle* «.7».
¦ ¦ ¦¦¦• tmtr m tr £y Circular isnt on naaatffc.Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. July 23
Santa Clara.. .1 Valdez & Seward July 23
Olympia Nome direct July 23
Excelsior Seldovla & Way Ports. Augr. 1
Victoria Nome direct Aug. 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael.... Aug. 6
United States Coast and Geod?tlc Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
«t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Buy. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MisBion-street wharf) about 25
mlnufs later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both ptaces.
* ra— — ——————^———— —— —^— —^__»
WEDNESDAY, JULY 20.
Sun rises 5 :02
Sun sets 7 :29
Moon sets 10:00 a. m.
O iTimel Time ITimel |Tlmel
5. I 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
0 ill W| L W |H W |L WJ
20 5:4S 3.0 11:10 2.0 5:47 5.6|
L W H W L. W H W
21 0:38 0.9 7:10 3.8 12:07 2.5 ti:42 5.6
22 1:41 0.1 .8:27 4.0, 1:07 2.7 7:36 5.7
2U 2:37 0.0 9:31 4.3 2:01 2.9 8:27 5.!>
24 3:28— O.4 10:2ti 4.3 2:55 3.0 9:1S 5.9
25 4:12|—O.0U:12 4.5 3:45 3.110:00 5.7,
____— , — —_—————___ _____
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnjr tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence ns to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chantn' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 19, 1B04.
The Time Ball on th» tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Freiffht Rates Reduced.
Coastwise freight rates on lumber have been
reduced 50 cents per 1000 feet. The rate from
Pucet Sound ports to San Francisco is now
f4 and $5 to southern ports. The reason for
this reduction In rate Is found in the fact that
there are more boats than business. Lumber
is cheap and large stocks have accumulated
In all the important yards. The Tacoma mill
has Fhut down and will remain closed until
lirices recover. With price* as they are the
margin of profit to the mill in raid to b3
small and it is partly to Induce the mill men
to continue running their plants that the re
duction has be*n made by the steam schooner
people.
Two Overdues Safe.
Two vessels of the overdue fleet were heard
from yesterday and the reinsurance list has
dwindled to the Ems and the Pioneer, each
quoted at 15 per cent. The Norwegian bark
Parknook. which w-as quoted at 45 per cent,
arrived safely at Trinidad. The Swedish bark
Julius Palm, out K5h days from Bangkok for
Ilha Grande and quoted at 12 per cent, is re
ported as having been spoken. Neither date
nor location of the speaking is known here,
but the vessel's name has been withdrawn
from among the reinsured.
Costa Rica Is Slow. Boat.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Costa
Rica, which is taking the place of the George
W. Elder on the run between here and Port
land, arrived yesterday from the Oregon port
nearly half a day late. The Costa Rica takes
about ten hours longer than the Elder to make
the trip. The Elder is being equipped with
oil burners and probably will be faster than
before when Ehe again goes into commission.
Will Discharge at San Pedro.
The steamer -Santa Barbara, which was
towed Into port Monday disabled through the
breaking of her tail shaft, left on Monday
evening for San Pedro in tow of the steam
schooner San Pedro. The Santa Barbara will
discharge her cargo of lumber at the southern
port and will be towed back here for repairs.
The G. C. Lindaurr, which picked up the
Santa Barbara soon after the accident and
towed her to this point, will discharge her
car;o here.
Charters.
The bark Santiago returns to Honolulu with
general cargo.
« .
I'hc -Mainrda's Cargo.
The steamer Alameda. which sailed on Sat
urday for Honolulu, carried an assorted mer
chandise carpo. valued at $115,728, in Includ
ing the following: .1V» bb!s flour, 1S51 pkgs
fresh fruit. lT.'t pkgs fresh vegetables, 4ki;S
Ihs fresh meat, 2172 lbs dres«sed poultry, O.Vi
lbs fresh fish, lft pk^s fresh oysters, 14,800 lbw
codfish. 5005 gals S3 en wine, 81 cs whisky,
."$ cs mineral water, 15 cs brandy, 70 pksn
b»cr. 1<> cs gin. 017 pals 5 cs liquors, H7K
pkjrs ixitatoes. S3t> jikgs onions, 45*! lbs cheese,
55S6 Iba .",2 cs meal?. f>t pkgs table prepara
tions. 15.000 lbs :: jikss lard. 4701 lbs bread.
.102 os assorted cannnl s«orls, 21 cs eggs, IM>83
11 jr butter. 4o:i4 lbs beana 2412 lbs pickled
fish. 4JW lbs dried fi?h. 10 bbla baking powder.
175 pkfis groceries and provision*. IS,OT>1 Ibn
ham and bacon, 4283 ll>s randy, :!9,t>00 Iba rice
M!4 Hi? 1 cs chocolate, 5000 lbs 4 pkgs salt,
1934 lbs glucose. 4LTI7 lbs su«ar, 14..vK> lbs? 2 cs
codf.Fh. 05 cs canned ,V5 rikgs pickle.l salmon
1» likss olives, o'.'O lbs raisins, 1CJ1 lbs 5 <•»
dri«d fruit. 1573 lbn nuta. SS pkgs paste. Hi
ctls corn. «7 ctlfi wheat. 1270 lbs bran 2:iSO
Its middlings. 14.772 lbs 107 pkgs manufactured
tobacco, 15 c* matches, r>8 coils rope, 157 cs
boots and *hoe», 117 pkga dry goods. 1010 lbs
sheet lead, 14.{ pkgs drujrs and sundries, 29
bdls C5 pee pipe, 10 hdlx !K) pea steel, 361 pkga
paper. 30 i»ks» leather. 12B bxs soap. 64 bales
paper bag?. 17(1 cs hats. 3fi cs arms and am
munition, l:; pkKS machinery, 20 pkgs electrical
supplies., 19 bar* 2 b<ll* Iron. 98 car wheels
KO bbls tar. 150 bbls lime. 240 sks plaster
28 jikgn wagon material. .!77 pkgs paints, 31
bbls 12 cs oils, 2<» bales onkum, CO pes oars
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
pt Stmr Bee. Wehmana. *?%&•£& "svn
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. 7. hours from
rort Kogen*.
Stmr Porno. Jacobs, 12 hours from Albion
via Point Arena 10 hours. Aioion.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 17 hours from Eu-
Simr Costa Rica. Randall, 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria f>2 hours.
Schr Confianza, Johnson, 20 hours frm Xott
kys Landing
CLEARED.
c. ,- ... x. Tuesday. July 19.
btmr I.matilla, Nopander. Victoria and way
ports; Pacific Coast S S Co.
Stmr Whlttirr, Dicltson, Kihci via Gavlota*
Union Oil Co. '
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 10.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson. Port Rogers
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay
Stmr Bet-. Wehmann, Eureka.
Stmr Gualala. Kalvin, Flshermans Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Gray, Monterey. '
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, Bowens Landing
i Htmr Arso. Dunham Kel River.
Stmr Jeanie, Bartlett. Seattle.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopandcr. Victoria and way
ports.
Bktn Kohala. Dedrick, Port Townsend
Schr Louis. Barron. Willapa Harbor.
Schr Fred K Sander. Svenson, Port Hadlock.
Schr Alice McDonald, Bender. Willapa Har-
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July in, io p m— Weather
thick; wind W; velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEX.
No date etc— Swed bark Julius Palm, from
Bangkok for Ilha Grande.
July 15-Lat 40 N. long 60 W. Ger ship Ne
reide. from Hamburg for New York s
July 2— Lat UN, long 27 W, Br ship Albyn,
from Hamburg for San Diego "*"*"
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 19 stmr Anrolln
hence July 15; bktn Lahalna. fwm San tMw
stmr Redondo. hence July 16. July 18-Schr
Bangor, from San Pedro
Sailed July IS— Schr Minnie A Galne for
faan Pedro •
Ped a ro ed JU ' y 19 ~ Bktn John Smith, for San
SEATTLE— Sailed July IS— Stmr Humboldt
far Skagway. July 10— Stmr Spokane for
Skagway.
Arrived July 19-Ger ship Wandsbek, from
Hamburg.
Arrived July 19— Br stmr Stanley Dollar,
hence July 15; Br Btmr Stentor from Liver-
Pool via China
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 19— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
At rived July 1»— Stmr Grace Dollar from
Grays Harbor.
Sailed July 19--Stmr Bonita. for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 18— Schr
Lizzie Vance, for San Francisco; schr Noko
mls. for San Pedro.
Arrived July IS— Bktn Robert Sudden from
Santa Rosalia.
PORT LOS ANGELES— -Arrived July 19—
Stmr San Mateo, from T/coma.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed /uly IS— Stmr San Ga
briel for Umpqua; echr Louise, for Umpqua
July 19 — Stmr Samoa, for San Francisco: bktn
Klikitat. for Port Gamble.
Arrived July 19— Stmr South Bay, from Eu.
reka
Arrived July 19— Bktn Makawell, from Ta
coma. . '
Sailed July 19— Stmr Marshfield, lor San
Francisco.
Water Front Xotes.
The schooner George E. Billings, which
went ashore on the Australian coast and later
»'M floated off, has been repaired and yester
day sailed from Melbourne for Newcastle,
New South Wales.
The Eteamrhlp China, homeward bound,' left
Honolulu yesterday and is expected here early
Sunday.
The Pacific Mall Company"* new tugboat
Ar&bs was out for a trial epin yesterday after
noon and gave every evidence of being up to
the requirements of the contract under which
she was built.
The Paciac Mail Company's liner Mongolia
will be placed on the Hunters Point drydock
to-morrow. Her sailing for the Orient has
been set for July 29.
The (steamship Peru will load for Panama
at the Little Mail dock and the San Juan, due
In a few days, will be docked at the Steuart
street berth now occupied by the Peru.
The United State* cruiser. South Dakota will
be launched at the Union Iron Works to-mor
row evening at high water.
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
Tbe tank steamer Wfclukr wai cleared yes-
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
July 20. I | " ~~
Centralia... Grays Harbor 112 m Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Breakwater, Cocs Bay 5 am Pier 8
July 21. |
Porrona Humboldt 1 :3O p]Pier 9
Klizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm I Pier 20
G. W; Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am! Pier 24
O. LIndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Porno ,. Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego &. Way. 0 amlPier 11
July 22. ! |
Eureka Humlrf>ldt I 9 am|Pler 13
Arcata....!. Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 12 mlPier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
July 23.
Ar«o Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos B Pier 10
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor | 4 pmlPier 20
July 24. {
S. Rosa San Diego &. Way. 9 amlPier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am! Pier 9
Corona Humboldt l:3O p|Pler 9
July 25. |
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pmlPier 10
laqua ! Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2;
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am|Pier 2 [
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 2
July 26. |
Columbia... 1 Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24.
Mongolia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pfer 20
"Bonita Newport & Way... 0 am|Bler 11
| July 27. I
Breakwater.' Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
North Fork. I Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Jnly 28.
Sonoma 'Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier ! Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
i Jnly 29.
Totmes..,..! Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm|Pier 19
City Puebla; Puget Scund Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
New Article? of Incorporation Filed by
Concern Giving House Service
on Talking Wire.
Articles of incorporation were filed
yesterday with the County Clerk by
th«> Direct Line Telephone Company,
with a capital stock of $1,000,000. The
rr.ove is merely the reincorporation of
the Automatic Direct Line Company,
having a system of house telephones
in operation in this city, and the pur
pose of the reincorporation is to en
large the scope of the business and
increase the capital stock, which was
$250,000. There are twenty-five sub
scribers to the new issue in sums
ranging from $1500 to $22,500 and ag
gregating ms.soo.
In order to provide against future
possible extensions. It is stated in the
articles that the lines contemplated
will cove r 1000 miles and will go
through California and all of the in
ter-mountain States.
TELEPHONE COMPANY
INCREASES ITS CAPITAL
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | From. Due.
Centralia San Pedro July 20
Elizabeth Coquille River July 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports July 20
Montara Seattle July 20
Aztec , Panama July 20
Eureka Humboldt , July 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 21
laqua Humboldt July 21
Del Xorte .; Crescent City July 21
San Juan | New York via Panama. July 21
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma July 21
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July 21
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena July 2t
Santa Rosa. .. San Diego & Way Pta. July 21
Corona... Humboldt July 22
Argo Eel River Ports July 22
G. Dollar. .... Port Harford July 22
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. July 23
Columbia , I Portland & Astoria. ... July 23
North Fork.. * Humboldt July 2t
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul... July 2*
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. . July 24
City Puebla-.l Puget Sound Ports July 25
Pomona I Humboldt July, 25
Totmes : Seattle July 23
State of Cal.., San Diego & Way Pts. July 25
Breakwater... Coos Bay July 25
S. Monica .Grays Harbor July 25
Redcndo J Portland & Astoria. ... July 25
San Pedro San Pedro iJuly 23
Porno 'Point Arena & Albion. IJuly 26
China (China & Japan July 2«
Coca Bay j San Pedro & Way Pts. July 27
Curacao Mexican Ports July 27
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. July 27
Aurelia Portland & Astoria July 27
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IJuly 2S
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports [July SO
Jeanie Seattle & Tucoma IJuly 30
terday for Kah«-i. Hawaiian IrlandF, via Gav
iota. At the latter port the yteamer will t«ke
on 10.000 bbla crude oil valued at $11,000.
Tho steamer took only 42ft gallons valued at
$ot» as cargo from this port.
STEAM SCHOONER SANTA BAR
BARA. WHICH WAS TOWED INTO
PORT IN DISABLED CONDITION.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc., at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, 308 Taylcr it., 650 Market
st., Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
ju j. I
Notice to Passengers.
The British company was able to
make such a low bid, it is said, on ac
count of the low rate at which they
can get the drydock at Esquimau.
In spite of this, however, the steam
ship company favored the builders of
the Oregon and the Algoa will be re
paired here.
On the strength 6f these extensive
repairs it Is thought probable, when
they are finished, that the Pacific Mail
Company will apply for American
register for their big freighter, which
now flies the British flag.
The accident to the Algoa spoiled
what would have' been the greatest
money making record in the history of
the big vessel. When-Captain Lockett
ran the Algoa on the rocks she was at
the end of the second trip she had
made across the Pacific within' a re
markably brief time. Going and com
ing each time she had been loaded to
her full capacity. She had received
quick dispatch wherever freight was
handled and but for her misfortune
would have shown a profit which
would have insured smiles for the
skipper from those in authority.
Although the actual damage done is
covered by insurance, the loss through
the vessel's idleness will be heavy, as
there was enough freight offering to
have kept the Algoa, big as she is,
busy for a long time.
The Union Iron Works has been
awarded the contract for the repairing
of the Pacific Mail Company's bis
freighter Algoa, and this In spite of
the fact that the bid of the local con
cern was $20,000 higher than that of
the British Columbia Machine Works
of Victoria. The Union Iron Works
will do the work for $68,000, and no
time will be lost in making a start, as
every day the big vessel is idle means
added loss to the Pacific Mail Com
pany.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July 10— Schr
Meteor from San Pedro.
Kl'nKKA— Arrived July 19— Stmr Corona,
hence July 18.
Sailed July i0 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TO\VN'SENT>— Arrived July 19 — Bark
Challenger, from ManzanlUo.
Passed in July 10— Br stmr Stanley Dollar,
for Spattle.
TATOOSH— Pa?hed out July 19— Schr Alex
T Brown, from Bclllnsham for San Pedro.
Passed in July 1J> — Stmr l.eelanaw. from
Nome for Seattle; srhr Lyman D Foster, hence
July 10 for Port Tnwnsend.
A BERDEKN— Arrived July 10— .Schr Guide,
hence July 0.
RANDOX— Arrived July 1!>— Pchr Rio Rey,
from Crescent City.
SOUTH IJEXD— Arrived July 19— Schr
Jam's H Bruce, from San Pedro.
REDONDO— Sailed July 18— Stmr James S
HiKpIn*. for San Pedro.
Arrived July in — Stmr Acme, from Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 1»-Stmr China,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 18— Bark Gerard C Tobejr, hnce
July 2.
KAHUM't— Sailed July 10— Stmr Nevadan,
for San Francisco. !
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAK WATER— Passed July
17— Ship Star of Bengal, from Philadelphia for
Now York.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
VALPARAISO— Arrived July 17— Br ship
Australia, from Port Blakeley.
VALENCIA— Arrived July 13— Spanish stmr
bla de Panay, from Liverpool for Manila.
CORONEL— Arrtrftd July 1 — Ger stmr Aby
dos from Hamburg for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived July 10— Stmr City of
Peking hrnce June IS.
PORT P1RIE— Arrived July 15— Br ehip
Crompton. from Port Ludlow,
ANTWERP— Sailed July 16— Fr bark Gen
eral de Sonis. for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed July 15 — Br ship Ban
nockburn. for Santa Rosalia.
LAUNCESTON — Sailed July 19 — Schr Ho
noipu. for Newcastle, Aus.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to July 19 — Br stmr
Manuka, from Vancouver.
TRINIDAD — Arrived July 19— Nor bark
Parknook from Chlttarong.
NF.WCASTLK. Aus — Sailed July 19— Ship A
J Fuller, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI — Arrived July 18— Schr W H
Talbot. from Astoria.
MELBOURNE — Sailed July 13 — Schr Geo B
Billings, for Newcastle, Aus.
GUAYMAS— Sailed July 16— Schr Alert, for
Grays Harbor.
ACAPULCO— Sailed July 17— Stmr Acapulco,
for Panama. July IS— Stmr City of Sydney,
for San Francisco.
scending elevator. Hurley was plac
ing some electric wire conduits at the
bottom of the shaft when the car de
scended. His shout of warning was
heard just in time by the elevator op
erator and Hurley escaped with sev
eral bruises. His hurts were dressed
at the Central Emergency Hospital.
Michael Hurley. an electrician,
while at work yesterday In the eleva
tor shaft of a new , building at Third
and Mission streets, narrowly escaped
being crushed to death under a de-
Eleotricinn Escapes Death.
STOCKTON, July 19.— When the
court convened this morning to con
tinue the examination as to the suffi
ciency of the fugitive warrant upon
which the alleged diamond thieves
were held Mrs. Brown-Sabin did not
put in an appearance. Her bail of
$2500 cash was declared forfeited and
a bench warrant was issued for her ar
rest. Her attorneys professed ignor
ance of her whereabouts.
An investigation showed that her
presence in her room at the California
Hotel had been noted as late as 1
o'clock this morning. Later the key
was found in the door and it was
found that she had packed her valise
and gone away. It is believed that
her love for the man whom she called
Brown and declared to be her hus
band was the motive for her flight, her
desire being to join him." he having
been taken away last night by Sheriff
Whitlock of Vermillion County. 111. It
has also developed that Kendall Is part
negro, his father being a negro.
A strong effort will be made to get
the butter makers of California to
pf ther in one strong association. Here
lofore those of the north and those
south of Tehiichapi. though they have
not exactly pulled apart, churned
separately. Concert of action among
them has not been possible. The cen
tral body of the butter makers of Cal
ifornia Is the California Creamery
Operators' Association. They have
held several conventions at which the
northern workers have drawn closer
together. There are various matters
of concern to all creamery operators.
Not long ago they were interested 1 in
a proposition to improve the educa
tional facilities of the State by estab
lishing a separate school to teach
dairying on the property given by Miss
Flood to the University of California.
They have ¦ been interested in raising
th*» standard of butter and in keeping
out of the State process butter, that
the home product might possess the
home Held permanently.
Owing to the fact that the conven
tions have been held In this city the
creamery operators south of Tehacha
r>i Pass have never taken part in the
proceedings because of the expense of
*oming so far and the time to be con
sumed en route. The executive com
mittee of the Creamery Operators'
Association has voted to hold the next
convention of the association at Fres
no. Secretary "\V. H. Saylor has just
made the arrangements at Fresno for
the event, which will take place in No
vember, before Thanksgiving. The
Fresno Chamber of Commerce has
agreed to entertain the 200 delegates
from the northern and central por
tions of the State and possibly, a large
delegation will come from Southern
California.
There are large dairy interests in
Orange and l^os Angeles counties to
be represented. Fresno was accepted
as n midway point and also because
it [a the center of the great dairy in
dustry of the San Joaquin Valley. At
the coming convention it is possible
that Chief Alvord of the dairy division
of the United States Department of
Agriculture will be present. He has
written that he will attend if he can.
Authorities Believe . That
She Has Started East to
Join Alleged Accomplice
HOPE TO ROUSE SOUTH
Creamery Operators Seeking
to Enroll Craft of Entire
State in One Association
BENCH WARRANT ISSUED
British" Columbia Firm Offers to Do the Work for $2O, OOO Less,
but the Pacific Mail Company Accepts the $68,000 Bid of
the Local Concern— May Apply for an American Register
3Irs. Brown-Sabin Fails to
Appear in Court When the
Case Is Called at Stockton
Men of Separators and Churn
Decide to Gather Xext.at
Center of Iiaisin Industry
FORFEITS BAIL
OF $2500 CASH
FRESNO DRAWS
BUTTER MAKERS
UNION IRON WORKS GETS CONTRACT
FOR REPAIRING BIG FREIGHTER ALGOA
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904c
11
RAILWAY TRAVEL. ¦
S*^T~9i > }&\. " Prm ' ns !••?• *tkA are da*
/O<<Trr>y^\ towrrlvent
LL^|2| 8AN PKANCISCO.
\<_V T 1 \ Jui '•OH JULT IS, 1304
*ZS (Toot of Market Street »
>»**¦ - MAIN LINE. -a^kTTT
7 00a V«c»rl!li\ Wlawrrt. Itumiry.. 7 50*
700a Bentcta, Elmlra and Sacramento.. J 2Q*
7^0A Ttllejo. Nap«. tallstnza. Santa
ltoaa. Martloei. Saa lUtnon 8.20s»
7-30a Hlles. Tracy. L*thror. SMckron.... 7.20»
8 -00 A 6h*it» ExpreM— (Via Darts >.
W|;:iimi (for Bj.-tleu 8;>rla?i*.
Willows. tPrato. Ite4 Bluff.
PortUnd, Tacoma. Seattle 7-5C»
8.00a D»tIs. Woodland. Kalebt* L«adla<,
Marysvliie. Ctllco. OroTllle 75C»
8-30* Pert Costa. Martlaez. AntlocX
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. Ne«r-
nta, Los Bnnos. \l«nilo!«,
Armenn. Huafor.l. VliAlla.
Port«rTlll« 4.29**
t-ZC* Port Coata. Mode»to. Uerced.
Fresno. Gasmen Jaactloa, II in-
ford. Vlsalia. n»kers(leld 4-50»
I45CA Klles, Saa Jose, Ltrenaorp. Stock-
ton. (?iltlton >. lene. Saernmesto,
MarysTille. Chlco. nm KimT 4 20»
• •5Ca Otid»le. Chinese. Js,mesU>wn. So
nor*. Tnolnmnr «aJ Anrel* 420»
9 CCa Atl»nt!e Express— Ocdeo <nd £<•(. a 23s»
9 30a nichmond. Martinez »n.l Way
Sutloas 850^
10 CCa The OTer!»Bd Limited — Oscdea.
Omaba. Chicago, l)ea»er, K»a«s
City, St. L«uls 8 ?5'*
1000a Vallejo 12.2fl(»
IOCOa Lot Anrelea PtsneneeT — Port
Coatm. Martlaaz. Byron. Tracy.
L»U»rop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymoad. FreeiK*. Goshrn Jnne-
Uon, nantord. I^eBioore, Vlsalis,
Bklcenflpin. Los Anzeles 7-2Qa>
12.00m Hayward. TTlles *w& Way Suttona. 5 20t*
11-CCp Sacramento Hirer 8t«arnfra til.Ou*
3-30P Benlcla. Winters. Sacraroeata.
Woodland, wi:iow«. Ha!«bt»
L.Andliia, MarysTllla. OroTllte
and way itaUuaa 19 52*
SJCPnayward.SllB»aadWt»y 8t*tt«n*.. • 7 50«»
4X0p Uartlnex.SanP.»iooa.V»!leJo.Napa.
Callitot*. Sants R»«» ?s2*
4 CCp !»lles. Tr«cr. Stockton. LodI ....... 4-2g»
4 5Cp Uay ward. Kllw. lrTinjton. Saa I t8.50A
Jose. Ltvcrmore ) til. 58a
BCOpTh- Owl Limited— Newm«a.. Los
llanos. M rartoi ». Fretao. Talara.
Bnker«»eld.LoaABgelea 3 50*
tS 30p Ilayward. Niiea anJ S.in ,io«e 7-20*
6.00P Hayward. Nlleaaod S»nJo»e 3 SO*
BOOpEMtera Express— 0|(4ea. Omaha,
Cbtrniro, Danfer. Kaovm City.
8t. Lonla. t!» Manloez, Stoc&toa.
Sacramento. Colfax. Heao...... 12.53*
S.OOp Tallejo, dally, fxcept danday..^ ' 7 stt*
7 OOP Vallejo, Sunday oaly f * * u
74J0P Klotiniood. 8«a Pahlo. Port Costa.
Martines »od Way Sutlona 1120a
7 COp Reno Passenger— Port Costa. Sol-
sun. Elmlra. Paris. Sacramento.
Trockec, Lake Tshoe. Reu«,
Tonopah. S?arkJ 7-5(IA
t CSp Port Costa. Mirtlnrs. Byroa.
Tracy. Latbrup. Modesto.
>lercej, Bereada, Fre«ao and
Way 8taUoas beyond Port O«r% 12-20*>
8 05p To«rmltn Valley, ria BcretnU and
Wawona 8.50a
8 05 P Martinez. Tra«y. Stockton 10 20a
8 O&p Oregon * California Kx}'re*s— Sac-
nunento, Maryrrllle, ICetldlctr.
Portland. Pub'': Sound ind Kist. 0 50a
V.ICp Uarward. Nile* ami Baa Jote (.iua-
dayonly> . 1160a
COAST LINE (. harrow IJanM)-
(foot of iUrfe«t atrgot >
7.45a Santa CrnrExeurnfoniSunday only) 8-10^
8.16a Newark. Oenterrllie. Ban Jose.
Felton, BooldcrCreelc. Bis: Bn»la,
Saata Cruj sd<1 TTay Stations... S5aa>
t9-15A Alr»radr>. Kewark, San J<v«o, Los
Oafos.Glenwoort, Felton, Bonldcr
Creek. B1K Basis. Santa Cruz.... ' 8 10*
T2 16p Newark. CeatcrTllle, San Josa.
New Almaden. Lo* GatocFe'.toa.
Bonlder trei'li. 6ant» Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1155*
4. IBp Newark. San Jose, Los (iatoi ?3 55a
415p Wright, BoaMer Creek and SasttJ
Crux. Paiurdav aod Sund«r odIv. 554
COAST LINE (Itroad W«a«e .
rg~(l'tilrd and rowrnTnl Streftta.)
6.10a SauJoieaad Way Sutlona. 6 jil»
?7.00a Ran ,)o»e and Way Station* 5 4Ce»
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crnz Excar-
>lon (Sandajoa:?) 10 30 o
8 00a New Almaden (Taes.. Frll.. only). 4-13*
8 00a Tbe Coaster — Saa Jote. Sallaaa.
Saa Ardo. Paso Robles, Sanu
ilarftarlta. Saa LntsObispo.Sauta
Barbara. Saa Bacnaveatnra.
M'>nUlvo, Oxsard, Burbank, Lo*
AcKele* 19-4S»
S-09A G!lrr>y. Holllster. Ca»trort:ie. Del
Moote, Paclflc Grore. Surf, Lora-
poc 1045»»
9.00a 6»n Jose. Tres P1no*.Wat«nnrl!l<>.
CapJtola, Santa Craz. Paci3e
Ornre. Salinas. San Luis Obiipo
and Pr1nc!»*l W»y S:»Uon». ... 4.10»
1 0.3C a Saa Joieaad Way Stations 1.20*
113GABaBtA Clara, gan Joie. L«« Gato*
and Way StMton* _ 7.JO»
UCp San Jote and Way Stations 8 33*
tSUfcpDel Monte Kxprtra (except Snn-
d»T> — Santa Clara, Saa Jom.
WstsonTyie. Sants Crax. Del
Monte. Monterey. Paeiflc Orore. 1 12 li»
J-3CP Buritngarae. San Jo«e. Gllror. Uol-
lltter. Trsa P!ao».PaJaro.W*t»oa-
Tllle. Capitoia. Sauts Craz. t »«•
trorllle.Saltnas, P»el3c firore... 10 4<>A
4.30p ?aa Joae aad w ay Stations t8 03a •
tS OOP S»nt» Clara, Han Jose, Lo« Oatoa,
Wright and principal Way S:a-
tlon* (except Snndar) t900A
|5.30p SaaJo«eaadrrlncir>iilWay9tatlon* 59 4U*
6 45p SoDset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Satlaas.Past> Uobies.
8aa Luis Ubispo. Santa I^trbara,
Los Angeles, Iteming. £1 Pato,
New Orieao*. New Toric 7.10*
B.45pP»J»ro, W»t»oo»!lle. rupltola, ) ,-_ ,_
Santa Cruz. Ca*trorUle. Del -llg-J??
Mnate, Paciae Grove \ T •u-^>«»
1S-1SP fraaMateo.Bereafora.B«lmont,S«ii
Caxloa. Kedwo«<S. Fair Oaka.
MealoPark. Palo AJto ?8-48%
6 30p Can Jose and Way Statloas. _ S.33a
8 OOp P»'o Alto and Way Station* 10.15a
11 .30p bouth Sao Fmacljco, MIKhrae, Bnr-
KsKame, S«n Matco. Beimont,
San Carlos. Uedwond. Fiir Oaks,
Mcnlo Park, and r>io Alio 9 45*
*11 30? llajceld. Monntalo View. Sunny-
rale, La.wreace. S«nta Clara and
wJnw t9.4S*»
A for Mornloic. . P tor After aooo. "
t SaaJay txcepted, I Saadav ontr
* Saturday only. b Monday on!/.
_i&fctP« at all statical 0B Sqjj4s_
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Uli FPAECISCG AND NORTH PAC1FI3
BAH. WAT COMPART.
Tiburon Perry. Poot of Market Streets
SAN FEANCISCO TO SA2T SAPASIm
WEEK DAYS- 7:^0, 8:00, 9:00. I1:W) a. ml
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:SO, 6:30 and 11:3<9.
p. m.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAJBXi TO SAN PSAITCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— 6:06. 6:o<>. 7:35, 7:50. 8:2W.
llTlS a. m.; 1S:5O. t2:00. 3:40. 3:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra, trip at l:*Sv. ra.
SUNDAYS — 6:f*>. 7:3? »:2O. 11:13 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. _ —
.: Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 1004. I San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
~" 7;3O a 7:45 a! 7:45 ft
7:30 a 8:COa J-'- 8:10 a 8:4rt»
8:COa »:3O a Isnacla. 10:20 a',10:2i> m
2:30 P 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:10 p «:20p .:25p
Illlg
7-30 a 7 - 30a 7:45 al 7:43 4
8-00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:»> a 10:20 »
2:3Op »::»a Petalum*. (!:20p «:2O 9
5-10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 9
' 5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 pi j
7 30 a 7:30 a 10:20 all0:2O »
Ifool 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p H:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 pi 7:i5 p
¦, WlncJsor. \
7-30 a 7:30 a Healdsburff. 10:20 a 10:20 *
Lytton. . I
2:30 p 2:30 p OeyserviUe. 7:25 p 7:2S o
' Cloverdale. I
7-30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
T j "wants. I I
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 pi 7:23 n
"p-00 at 8:0O al Guernevllle and |10:2f> a|10:»»
2:3Op| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:4&p| S— *)>
8:0Oa 8:0Oa 18:40a 8?4oi
510 p »:30a Scnoma, 6:00 p «:20p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. | 8:43 p
7:30 at 7:30 a! 110:20 a|10:20 *
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlta
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs: ae
Fulton (or Burke" s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle tcr Skags*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boons-
ville and Greenwocd; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, niverside. Llerley'a, Buckneil's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr'a Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hcpkins Mendocino City. Fort Hragsr.
W*stpcrt. Uaal: at Wllllts for Fort Braes.
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
ville Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris, O;s?r..i.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eu-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs-
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all pointy,
beyond San Rafael at half rates. S^
Ticket Of3ce. C50 Market streat. Cbronicls
buJldUis^ -- AZTET^ r. x. rtaN.
Gen. Manager. Cen. Pass. Agt.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
APVTJJITISEMEXTS.
A Free Trial Bottle of
sent on receipt of ioc. to pay
postage. Positively relieves and
cures Oak or Ivy Poisoning,
Sunburn, Prickly Heat, Hives,
and immediately takes the sting:
out of Mosquito Bites. . A mar-
velous remedy for bums, and
will positively prevent blood poi-
soning from cuts or abrasfbns.
Sold by leading: druggists.
None genuine without my signature.
61 0 Prince St- New York.
Send for f— • Bo*k!ot on " How to tr#»t d;»-
n.m," r*atuciog hundreds vf tsstimooiUa of
wonierfal earcs.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
-^T3~t!>_ Steamers leave Broadway
/ov-^^Sv wharves (piers 9 and 11).
/V-<_" San Francisco:
/q/ ?Bj> **> yU\ For Ketchikan. Wranjel.
I I Y_>I*A 1 I Junfi^. HatneB, Skaguay.
\ \ \l«N_ft / I etc -. Alaska— 11 a. m.. July
\TOk. \l 1/<Sl 19> -*' &• Au^- 3 - Cn a«se
VaS^JJ^XXjy to companjr's steamers at
Seattle.
-^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
Btlllngham — 11 a. m., July 19. 24. 29, Aug. 3.
Chaf.ge at Seattle to this Company's steamers
/or Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N\ P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboSdt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., July 21. 27 Aug. 2. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
July 18. 24, 30» Ausr. 5.
For Los Anceles (via Port Los Anjceles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San P^dro). Santa BarBara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m., July IS. 26. Aujr. 3.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., July 22, SO, Aug. 7.
For Ensenada. Ma&dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1304—
The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Augr. 2.
For further Information obtain fold»r. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing: dates
TICK— T OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freig-t Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market tt.. gan Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an<J
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. August 1. 1904
Via Honolulu. Rcund-trlp tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
©ceaBKS.s.co.;KS
8. S. Sonoma, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, July 2S 2 P. M
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 6. 11 A.M
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, August 9. 11 A.M^ i
I.D.SPEECIELS k BEOS. CO. , ACS., Ticket 01C8 643 Mar-
_et. Freient Offics 329 Mar_et St., Pier 7, Facile sl
COMPAONIS GENE RALE TBAN3ATLANTIQTO.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _,^>_
SalllnK every Thursday instead of i/SfTOj.
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. *5«t KP"
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacirtc Ccu.si
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To Xf. S. Wavy Tard and Vallejo.
Strora. General Frtsble, Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m.. 12:30, 3:15. 6, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Sun.>;
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejj
7, 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
cays, 7 a. rn., 4:15 p. in. Pier 2. foot Mis-
bion street; phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
To V. S. 2Tav7 Tard and Vallojo.
Sunr. H. J. Corcoran — Leavey S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bldg. — Week day*.
0:30 A. M., 3 and *8 P. M.; Sundays. 9:39
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo — Week days.
6:50 A. M.. 12:2O and 5:30 P M.: Sundays. 3
P. M. Fare, 25c each way. Excursion rates,
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Core and Martinez.
60c round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODAL-
CO.. phone Main K41 'Saturday exempted
KAIIAVA T TRAVEL.
f CAUFORNIA I
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
1 LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAY,
Mat !)::*<» a. m., through in. 3 days, P
I with diner and all trappings. {g
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7 :30 a. m. 1 for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p". mil Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL. 27 South First St.,
San Jose.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
l^^fi^^y^y?^!! Via Sausalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days at
6:30. 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a.' m.
{11:40 a. m. Sausalito only). 12:20. 1:45. 3:15.
4:00. 4:35 5:15. 5:50. 6:2o. 7:15. 9:00 10:20
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00. H-40
a ra.. 12:20, 1:00. 1:43. 2:30, 3:13. 4:00 4:33. i
5:15. 5:50. 6:25, 7:15. 8:15, 9:00. 10:20,' 11:35!
p m.
A; rive at San Francisco, week days 6:17
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. ll:05'a. m.. !
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20, 5:05. 5:40 6:15
6:55. 7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holiday* extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:03.
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3:15 p. m .. 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holidays at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00 11:40 a. m., 12:20. 1:CO, 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
9:15 a, m. Sunday* only— For Point Reyes,
etc
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero, etc
5:15 p. n». dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reyes, etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Potnt Reyes,
•tc.
8:15 p. vn.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 62« Market «t.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via fciiatlU Ftrrj Arrive
Ban FraucHoo ft* *f Iwtet St. 8an Fraucisco
Week Sun- _JEiW SUI1 " Week
D«y». days. jff&mSk. days. D»y«.
— rr:~8 : 3o7 B£«««*e«a itSTr* 8:45*
" .10:00 a V5*ab_6ls£Ij 2:05 r*i 1:05 a
10:00a 11:00a 3:35 p 3:35 r
l:*6rl2;20r XW^S' i 6:40 r 6:15 1
6:15 r 1:45 p ySSpV 6:15 r 10:05 i
4:33 r 8:60 r
! •HaCriTttjCtr. " • Tawilpnh U Mill T_l«y.
Tic-xt (S26 M-Kcrr St. (North nhore Railroad)
Orricu land oavb-UTO Fk»ry, loot Market 3^
AI)Vi:iITISi:3tEXTS.
SI. 00 Per Week
Will keep you well dressed
We do not ask you for security.
Your word Is good with us.
SUITS TO ORDER.
A. B. Smith Co.,
[-116 Ellis, above Powell.
I BAJA CALIFORNIA '
Damiana Bitters
I "is A GUEAT RKjsTOHATIVE. INVIOOKA-
tor and Kervlne.
The most wonderful aphrodUiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
Tbe Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sell* en Its own inert'*
- NABER. ALFS & nRU.VE. Asent*. '
t2S Market et.. S. F. — «Send for Circulars.)
Prescription; 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CT7R.E 7OS S— EX.
IT A BMLKSS IK JECTIOS. Cures ordinary
ca*<i In a lew days. Warranted to cur«
worst cases. 2TO OTHEE T2EATKEITI
HEQUI—.ED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. P2EVEKTS CO JTT AGIOS'. Harm-
less. J_00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. S. KCLLra rHABMACT. 102 Eddy.
fl2PAT£WTS f 1
nuCrkfTst! sf^SSSt
tSZ |ASTHMANOLA|
I* the only cure for Nervous and
__" •• Bro_chl_l asthma.
*'~&aur DruspiEt cr at 598 HAIGHT ST- -j
Han Fr&nclsco, Ca_
> ADV^RTISEMEXTS^
"jjNigKTGAS Engines
in use in 55 k. p. 3-cnr_T2ri>_s "tthioh* mabizts enoine.
this port than those of all other makes combined. TheJ 1 are fitted to *
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. * Special fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for our catalogues, stating requirements.
Union CasEn$ine Company^ f^^o,^,THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. ' WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
12
I.ODGING-HOTTSES FOR SASB — Oon. I
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy, st., cor. 'Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
. All. Kinds of Business Chances.
« rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running order: clear-
ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
32 roome: cheap rent: 2 years' lease; fine
nowntown location; 2 entrances; everything In
nrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
Pets; clearig now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
7 r r 22^S moi lern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300. .
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $'500 per month: every-;
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda cr Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent orfly $70: flne little apartment
house; sickness; must sell; snap: $700.
128 rooms, cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $300 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other, business; only with us.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good lease.
>* ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
5 rooms and closets; East st.; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpet": everything for
housekeeping; 6 beds; cost J700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
90-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart- '
ment house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing flne business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
. 108 rooms,; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished. Up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the hous»: other business
interests demand immediate departure.
. 18 rooms; rent only $75; well furnished little
apartment house; reduced to $1250.
I 126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500, per
month; one of the beet buys In the city.
14 rooms: rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 room*; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month: J400O down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets: sickness; price $350.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchangn or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
LODGING house for rent, 43 rooms. 8 bathe;
near Sutter and Hyde. Address for particu-
lars; only principals need apply. Box 1965,
Call offlce.
SPIjBITTTAIiIBM.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance Wednesday eve., 50c. 32S Ellis st.
MME. YOUNG'S writing circle to-day, 1 p. m.,
25c: private readings dally. 619 McAllister.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.: 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 619 McAllister st.; readings daily.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
Ing. developing. 2690 Mission; tel. Church 2043.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 12O0 Market St.. Gait House.
OLAraTOYAHTS.
AA — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or-ambltlon better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition eo you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
und bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one. of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be to]d
how to overcome them; valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM~ALtT SECTIONS~THE Y "COME TO" wTt-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would It not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better success?
Then for reliable reading go to Livingstone,
428 Eddy St.; three separate reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given: special. $1; hours 10 to H.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, clatrvoyant.card
reader: when others fall try me;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.a.G.ave*.Tel. Larkln 4207.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given :25c up. 835 Howard.bet.4th&5th.
MME. ODELL returned: clairvoyant/card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up.' Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of the
age 1207 Market at., room 11.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant: gives names, dates.
facts; readings dally. 917 Market, room 3.
MRS. BAUMANN the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now -at 317 Ellis st.
JCABPET BEATMTQ AMD CLE ANIN Q.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co.. 30S Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. . •
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s*nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. -240~ Fourteenth st.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
riton St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresaea made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter sC;
tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM & CO. 4 Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
j CLOTHING BENOVATINO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Ron Marche, 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country.' Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; .tel. Main 6580.
. ; CURES BUFTTTBE. .
HUNTER'S positive Rupture Holders, $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market st. ; send for circular.
DBESSMAKEBS Airp SEAMSTRESSES.
FIRST-CLASS artist. Just from the East, wish-
ing to establish her business, will make any
style of gown for the. next 30 days for $3 to
$10; work and fit guaranteed; bring work
and be convinced. 723 McAllister st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class, 1019 Mkt,
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plalting. I Stew-
art s button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EMPLOYMENT VTASTED—- Mai*— Con.
PRESENT~mpl^yerrVant Portion "book-
keeper or cashier for & tried, trusty, capable
and thoroughly honest man; consolidation or
two firms necessitates his resignation, wh.cti
present employers accept unwillingly and re-
gretfully. Box 2S13. Call offlce.
WANT permanent work with a wholesale
firm to do delivering and shipping: g->t first-
class rig; will work either by the mark or so
much per month: will drive my own team.
Box 2343. Call offlce.
GARDENER, first class In all branches of
gardening, competent to take charge of gen-
tleman's ground*, wishes situation on private
place; references. Address W. N.. box 2217.
Call offlce. •
LOCOMOTIVE boiler-maker would like fore-
man position In railroad shop; belong to no
union; experience as a foreman and manu-
facturer 35 years. Box 2323. Call offlce.
AN elderly man with references, very reliable,
wishes position as elevator runner or watch-
man; speaks EmrMsh. French and German.
Box 2320. Call office.
INTELLIGENT, refined young man would like
position of trust; will give reasonable bond
If necessary; state particulars. Box 2441. -
Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, young man 21. with college
education, wishes position In offlce; has good
references; moderate salary. Address box
2296. Call office.
j NURSE (male) wlshe* case; eight y«ar«* hos-
! pltal experience; thoroughly understands
I work and can suoply flrst-class references:
I manage; willing to travel. Box 1768. Call.
JEWELRY salesman, thorough knowledge ef
the business, wants position; references fur-
nished. Box 2421. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like position m porter or
Janitor: references. Address 632 Mission St.,
room 6.
STRONG young man (German), willing to
work, can handle horses, wants position;
country preferred. Box 22S6. Call offlce.
YOUNG men (two), ambitious, wish positions
with a chance of advancement: no objection
to leaving the city. Box 22S4. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist with 20
years' experience wants steady position; city
or country. C. S., Box 2361. Call efflee.
TO tailors — Flrst-class Swedish cutter, age 39
years, of practical experience, seeks situation.
Box 2443. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as cashier with
$150 for security. Address 315 Fourth st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERT mechanic, tool designer, etc; 10
years in charge; high-grade Eastern refer-
ences*. Box 1951, Call offlce.
A SALESMAN desires position with good firm;
references and bond. Box 194O. Call offlce.
Painter, paper-hanger, slgnwrtter, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom St.; phone Mint 131.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
In family or boarding-house. T. J., 1002 Du-
pont st/
A CHINESE schoolboy wants to clean offlce or
c«x>k for small family. Address Y. S.. 900
Clay st.
CHINESE good cook desires a place In family;
city references. Box 2709. Call; phone China
146, between 10 and 12 a. m.
JAPANESE faithful young man desires a
placo as schoolboy or plain housework In
good family; has experience. FRANK TASU,
care Ide Co.. 207 Battery st., city.
JAPANESE wants position aa nice waiter on
table or -cook In family. J. N., tel. Scott
548, 1225 Devlsadero st. .
A JAPANESE boy wants position to work In
drug or Jewelry store. NAKAYAMA. 500
Bush st.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants position In
private family; have references. EMOTO,
110 Golden Gate ave.
A JAPANESE boy wishes a position as an
apprentice In a photographic studio; has
much experience. T. M., 635 Jessie st.
JAPANESE couple want places; man as cook:
wife waiter: have references. 1206 San
Pablo ave., Oakland.
JAPANESE wants situation cleaning and dye-
Ing cloth: with best experience. F. ODA-
MURA. 418B Larkln st.
JAPANESE would like to work one hour to get
nice room near downtown. GEORGE, 432
Sutter st.
A GOOD Japanese wants to do housework. S.
NAGATA. 1908 Polk St.; phone Larkln 1017.
A YOUNG Japanese 'boy wants position aa
schoolboy. 1484 -Fulton St.; phone Page 4075.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. 639 Stevenson it., FRANK YUDA.TE.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position to
work; can do cooking. FUJI. 350 Jessie st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II P. tn.
EXCHAKQB.
I HAVE some nicely located lots In city will
exchange for automobile. Address box 2212.
Call offlce.
VT: FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free renting department: over 1000
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find
a place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 market st..
opposite Mcaluster.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; ' take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-233
Geary st.. on the square.
NOE, 1050— Beautiful new flat; sunny corner:
6 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
convenient to Castro and 2tth-st. cars.
CASTRO, 421. nr. 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony;
grand view; cpnv. for 2 families: $40; stable.
BUSH, 1200*4—4 rooms; rent $11. Apply
1207A Bush st :
GROVE. 790— Modern middle flat; 6 rooms;
bath; storeroom; adults.
HARRISON, 828-»-Flne modern new flat of «
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
LAKE, 742— New 6-room flat; rent $25; ma-
rine view.
OAK. 332— Flat, 5 rooms and baths; large
basement.
$25 — NEW sunny 6 rooms: all modern; no car
fare. Leroy place, Sacramento and Jones.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath, cellar and yard. S24
Waller st.
GROVE. 700— Modern middle flat; 6 rooms;
bath; 'storeroom: adults. '
SCOTT 805 7 rooms with bath and laundry;
all light; close to Girls' High School •
FREDERICK. 367— Seven large sunny rooms
and bath; desirable residence district; $30.
FII.LMORE 1124. corner— 7 large, light rooms
and bath;' modern; rent $10.
FREDERICK. 2S4, nr. Park panhandle — Fine
light sunny flat: 7 rooms; rent only $38.
MODERN upper flat of 4 rooms at 979 Sanchez
street. ¦ .
BRODERICK, near Sutter— Elegant new mod-
ern flats; key lot;' abundance sun and light.
BUSH 2351. near Pierce — Elegant modern flat:
every room sunny; 2 toilets; gas, electricity.
NEW elegant flats. 6 rooms, bath; near Park; [
tinted; $23. B st. and Fourth ave. :
MASONIC .ave.. 1304A. near Waller st. — A
modern fiat of 7 sunny rooms; rent $30.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pigm. In wrapper, for mailing. ¦<! per vear
FiJATS^TO^ET^-jgrByisamD
HAIGHT. 1298. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
! house has all conveniences and la situated la
! select neighborhood.
HYDE. 731— Beautifully furnished, modern flat
7 rooms; piano, phone; rent $50; 2 to 4 p. m.
GEARY. 2103 — Cozy flat: newly furnished;
rent $35: or will sell: $300.
FIATS FOB SALE — rtTRITISJCEP.
NEWLY furnished 7-room flat, used 6 months;
roomers pay expenses. Phone Fell 1237; no
agents. . • . . • ,¦ ,
7-ROOM tUt. furnished, for sale; rent $37 30.
Box 1974. Call offlce.
1 NEW furniture of 6-room flat complete for
sale. Box 2274, Call office. *
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Bddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride froir city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets: closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange Income property In
Alameda for stock of merchandise In S. F. ;
value about $80<K). CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR gale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kind* of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange— Lot. 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement slde-
walks t every thing flrst-class; on direct car
line: for rooming-house, S. F.; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona flde proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
QUIET home wanted In refined private family,
with board, for married lady and 14-year-old
son; 2 rooms, one smaller; between Van Ness,
Taylor, Market and Sutter; state terms; ref-
erences. Manager, room 6, 405 Montgom-
ery at. ¦
$350 — WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007*4
Market st., room 1. J
I HAVE an Investment In the manufacturing
line; must leave city; will sacrifice for $1000;
big value. Box 2453, Call.
ACTIVE young man wanted; steady place;
will pay $90 to each per month; cash capital
required. $250. 632 Market st, room 6.
FOR sale or lease, a hotel In one of the best
towns on the Sacramento River. For par-
ticulars address box 19S8. Call offlce.
GROCERY and bar in manufacturing district
for sale: full stock": good bar and grocery
trade. Box 2273. Call offlce.
FOR SALE! — Restaurant In good locality on
Sixth St.; price $350; rent $16; good trade.
Address box 2300, Call offlce.
CORNER grocery; bar; fine fixtures; long
lease; low rent; doing good business; bar-
caln if sold In few days. D., 3153 24th st.
$1300 BUYS the best saloon in town of 2000
inhabitants:, don't buy until you see this.
California Investment Co., 777*4 Market st.
Established hardware and paint store In buey
location, San Francisco: small capital. Call
or address Owner, 971 Broadway, Oakland. '
FOR sale — A large bakery In country: clears
$400 a month; must be sold on account going
out of business.. Address box S137, Call.
$350— BERRY and delicacy store with living
rooms. 379 Hay*s st. '
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
OLD established cigar, sta. and notion; living
rooms; will bear Investigation. 110 7th st.
WANTED — To lease small hotel, furnished. In
country. Box 225C. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — In Oakland, a grocery store, do-
ing good business. Box 1971. Call offlce.
COAL yard for sale In Oakland: good location;
good trade. Box 1998. Call offlce. ' " ¦
FOR calc — Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
LODGIlTCr-HOUSES FOB SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
H. C. DECKER, 906 MARKET ST., PHONE
JOHN 631.
ESTABLISHED IN 1S77— IN THIS CITY.
I SELL ONLY BARGAINS.
18 rooms; splendid boardlng-honse $1600
8 rooms; flat; newly furnished ..$500
16 rooms; fine transient house $S0O
27 rooms; Swell boa rdlng-houser reduced. .$3000
17 rooms; part housekeeping; a snap $500
10 rooms; sunny side; north of Market.. $673
15 rooms; downtown transient corner $1350
30 rooms; exchange for small house $3000
14 roome; must be sold $000
II rooms; pickup; fine location $450
20 rooms; rent $85; a bargain $900
31 rooms; Mission st $1850
12 rooms; $200 cash, balance payments... $700
22 rooms: a money-maker; now $750
20 rooms: near Market st.; a snap $1000
7 rooms; nice home $400
21 rooms; compelled to sell; see It $1000
8 rooms; modern flat; $20 rent $400
24 rooms; fine location; good Income $1300
15 rooms ; north of Market $350
1« rooms; elegantly furnished; only $1200
64 rooms; exchange for email house $4500
16 rooms: newly furnished $1250
46 rooms; new house; yours for $1800
6 rooms; nicely furnished; only $250
14 rooms; Geary st. ; good buy $000
16 rooms; up-to-date; with piano $1500
5 rooms; elegantly furnished $300
51 rooms-; modern apartment-house. .. .'...$7500
31 rooms; Market st.; for exchange $3000
110 rooms; house clears $000; offer wanted.
100 houses with 6 to 300 rooms; all prices.
20 ROOMS DOWNTOWN— RENT $40.
CLEARS $100 PER MONTH.
PRICE ONLY $S0O— MUST SELL.
H. C. DECKER. 9C0 Market st. Tel. John 531.
90-ROOM NEW HOUSE: NEW FURNI-
TURE; CHEAP RENT; MUST SELL.
DECKER. 006 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black. 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
19 rooms new and beautifully furnished,
nearly new house; if you want a nice home and
good paying business at almost your own price
lnvestlKate at once.
MARION GRIFFIN.
14, rooms; corner house; excellent location:
always full of steady roomers; SSOO cash Is all
you need; »ee MARION GRIFFIN.
Extra fine; 103-room modern apartment-
house; lone lease and lowest rental of any
similar house In city; guaranteed to olear over
$300 per month the year around; If.yqu are
looking for an Investment for the greatest re-
turn on amount Invested, for full particulars
see my only agent, MARION GRIFFIN.
40-room hotel; located In heart of the city's
fashionable neighborhood; money maker and de-
sirable home; get particulars from M. Griffin.
02 rooms; corner house; every room occupied;
$175 monthly profit; leaae; price $4000; % cash.
$850 buys, this week only, 15-room house,
centrally located, well furn. and worth $1500.
$1100; 19 rooms, newly furniehed. and all the
cash required Is $300. MARION GRIFFIN..'
$800 Is all I'm asking for my 20-room house;
well furnished; absolutely worth double this
amount arid clearing now, the dull season of
the year, $76 per month.
Buyers, If you do not see what you are look-
Ing for on this list, call at offlce; no trouble to
give Information; 1000 places to select from
MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient. 5D00
21 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 rooms, rent $70. transient 1600
' 81 rooms, rent $3 per room : ; 3100
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of bust-
ness sold and exchanced.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL & CO~ r ~"T
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 2981
. Rooming-houses, hotels and flats; will sell any
house; part :a»h, balance easy payments.
16-ROOM house; rent $45; lease; good bulld-
ing; running water In every room;, always
full; occupant six years; price reasonable.
Box 1810. Call offlce.
7-ROOM house, furnished, for sale; down town;
good Income. Box 2211, Call offlce. <
LODGING house for sale, 46 rooms; furniture
in first-class order; bargain. Box 2268. Call.
24-ROOM housekeeping house; great bargain;
account sickness. 743 Eddy st.
9 ROOMS; call at once; no reasonable otter
refused. 212 Fifth at .
SEVEN-ROOM transient house for sale. 131
Taylor st.
1 rrnurrnr&E fob haivf:. j — *
— — ¦
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 3STT
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant'*)
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st.. near Powell. i
GOING East: will sell all or part of fumlturej
call at once. 1224 Park ave.. Alameda.
Anderson Auction House. 10 Turk, nr. Market,
furnishes, everything for the house;low price*.
FURNITURE stoves bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger. 439 Valencia.nr.16th.Tel. Church 337».
FTJBNITTJXE WASTED.
ABE LEVY. — ~~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Te!. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets 1 , office fur- •
niture. etc.. until you get hla estlmata
WANTED — Carpets; must be In good condition.
Address box 2213. Call office.
CHAS. LEVY A CO. pay highest price for fu^ '-.
nltur^.carpets.etc. 7*>2 Hlii«;on: tel. Bush 413.'
HEliP WAXJT2D — FEMALE.
WANTED — Two cooks, no washing. $10: general
housework. Redwood <:ity. J.T5; Protestant
chambermaid and look after children for or-
phanage. 125: cock, small country hotel, $35;
'1 waitresses, J25; chambermaid and ls,un-«
dress, country hotel. $25; ironer for springs.
$25; 2 cliamberinalds and waitresses, country
hotel. $23; 4 cooks, German style. J30; Ger-
man or French cook. $40; 2 second girls 120 -
and $25; 2 cooks for delicatessen. $25 and 130;
2 restaurant waitresses. $4 per week: IS girls 1
for general housework In city and country.
$20. $25 and $30. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
334 Sutter St.
A SECOND girl for Santa Cms. $23; cook. $40}
cock and second girl, same house, $35 ani .
$23; a woman for light work, $13; woman
to cook, rleep home. $20; woman to ear* for
one child, sleep home, $20: 4 housework girls
$30 each, cook, one In family, $30; secon4
girl. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 SutUT at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to 3 ¦
In 2 weeks: tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions)
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall ee»«
son; both seasons taught from start to flntsti
In one month for $15; positions a« trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $1O per wtcup;
day and evening class. 14.1 Stockton St.. r. 13.
Halrdressing. manicuring, massage, scalp treat*
ment, hulr work, removal superfluous hair. 15 3
wks. ; day. eve. class: positions gecured. highest
T7ages. Removed from 123H Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WANTED — An office girl with good English
education and must have had some expert-*
enee In stenography, typewriting and book-
keeping; wages $4 per week; references re-
quired. Address In own handwriting, hex
2455, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED OPERATOR OV WHEEEET*
A WILSON BUTTONHOLE MACtnNH.
STANDARD FACTORY. COR. OOUOH AND
GROVE STS.
EVF-PTKrENCKD OPERATORS ON TANCT
SHIRTS. STANDARD FACTORT. COR.
GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Erper1en(?ed saleslady for rfbtoon
department. Apply MARKS BROS.. 122O
Market st.
GIRL for light housework: $10. 919 Z it., be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh aves.. Sunset
District.
6 LADY barbers 'wanted: guarante* $15 par
week. COLEMAN'S, Mutual Bank build-
Ing, room 806.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work and waiting
on table. 002 Eddy st. ; ca!l between 10 and
12 o'clock.
YOUNG girl assist care ef children tn day
time. 1973 Vallejo. Wednesday 2 to 4.
GIRLS wnnted — To make 3-pr>tmd grap* bas-
kets. Capitol Basket Co.. 43O Fifth, st.
STRONG girl for general housework; $23:
country. Call offlce. 81 Flood building.
WANTED — Napkin washer; man or woman.
612 Kearny st.
WAXTED — Girl to assist In general house-
work. 1417 Buchanan st.
MIDDLE-AGED single woman t» help la eof-
fee- house. Apply 31 *a Eighth st.
YOUNG lady wanted for offlce work; state j
salary expected. Box 2137. Call offlce.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking. Apply between 10 and 12 at
2221 Pacific ave.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m., Wednesday; salary no object.
A PROFITABLE outing; pick hops In Augrot..
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..3.F.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite- Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT THE^Ti^o1iNlV^MpT~AQENCX
14 3d St.. near Call bldff. ; phone Bush 405.
EAST.
Free fare. Tree fare. ~
23 butchers $3 50 day and found"
25 skinners $3 6O day and found _
25 killers $5 day and found
See boss here — Free fare — See bos* her*. ¦ .
2 machinists, steady, lumber co. ...$63 fount!
6 machinists, free fare, boss here.. $3 50 day
4 bollermakers. free fare, boss here. $5 50 day
Lumber grader, fare paid |3 day
10 lumber pilers. steady J4O and found
10 yard and mill men $30 to $63 found
ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
Fare $10 60. FLORENCE. $10 60 fare,
100 teamsters and laborers $2 to $3 day
& men to make shake bolts.$l 60 to $1 75 cord
Man to run shakes machine. . .$50 to $70 fd
2 carpenters, 8 hours, country town. .$4 day
Plasterer, city $3 day
Laborer to help plasterer, city $3 50 day
Milker. 25c fare $35 and found;
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 Third at. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.S...Emp t Agent*.
429 Bush st 642 Clay »U
FOR HUMBOLDT CO.— NEW TUNNEL.
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY.
20 muckers, no discount $2 a d*T
0 corner men. same place $2 73
Teamsters. Southern California $2
Pick and shovel men. Shasta Co. $2 23
Woodsmen, Shasta County ....$2 25
Laborers, foundry, city .11 75
Man for private place, city $25*-.
Head laundryman, gocd wages.
Head laundryman. Institution, city.
Chef, flrst-class hotel $W
Second cook, resort $60".
Cook, restaurant, short distance ....$30 n
German beer tapper $10
Cooks, waiters, porters, bellboys, city and
country. $15 to $60.
C. R. HANSEN 4; CO. . .Employment Agents.
420 Bush st 842 Pay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
F. M. GUNN — 638 Commercial st.
Phone Main 1191 — 5 doors oft Kearny.
FREE FARE— EAST— FREE FARB.
Butchers, $3 day and found: machinists and
firemen. $3 5O day and found: other help.
$2 50 day and found; ship to-night and sea "
parties here. - —
ARIZONA. : ;
CO teamsters. $60; laborers. $r*0; fare $10 5i>.
SALT LAKE R. R.
65 teamsters. $00, fare $4 CO. ! ;'->[
2 harnessmakers. city, $3 50 day.
3 saddlemakers, city. $3 50 day. "-'-1AU
Stablemen. $30 and found; 3 waiters. $$9,
and found; porter, restaurant. $3 week. — —
Andrew Larsen. the porter, please call; rvtA'fl
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU/ -~~
642 Commercial st., near Keaniy. ' f
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER. |
5 mere carpent»ra. company work, north. tSOTTT
and Sound : "J carpenters. $3 23 day; 20 labcxr«,
ers. pipe line. $2 25 to $2 30 day; 10 roust- ..
abouts, telephone and pipe line. $43 ani q
found; cook and helper, camp, $85 and found;
cook, camp, $03 and found; 10 laborers, new -
work. $1 50 to $1 75 day. -.a;«
TEAMSTER for lumber co.. $2 75 day; wood.
chopper. $2 5O cord, tools furnished; 2 woods"--.
men; $40 and board, fare refunded: scre-w
turner for mill. $60 and board; laborer tarTZ
mine: Jobbing blacksmith, $2 50 day; black-, '
smith helper. $2 day; 2 farmers and wlve£l__
$35 and $50 and found ; farmers, cooks. ~ ¦,
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F.-
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 93 Third st,"
Teamster, city, $2 50.
Laborers for Monterey County. $2 23.
This Job will last all summer.
Florence, Ariz., laborers $2.
1050 miles, fare $10 60.'
Laborers for quarry, near city. $1 75.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.— Third eoe* '
hotel, country. $50; cook, small co«ntrr '
hotel. $40; cook, plain hotel, country. ¦$«>*
dishwasher for confectionery, $25; machW»"
dishwasher, £iO; young barkeeper |60;^WaaZ"
man for nursery. ?23. 333018 .
A^t° TE V G ;> Z ETTE. 26 Montgomery, it -tX 1
Porter, family hotel. $25. - • r -^-
_____BEWTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plate«, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grand
building, 1005 Market St.. room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; Crowns,$2 up; fllllngs.25c.
AL.L work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsta Dr. Perking. Mgr.. 068 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fllllncs. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
EDUCATIONAI-.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light ; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayres
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$5 a month: life scholarship. $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs,. President Jcrdan or any Stanford
profesror; day, evening sessions. Phelan bdg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— METROPOLITAN Business College, Gram-
mar and High School. C02 Van Ness ave. : as-
sists to employment; free use typewriters at
homes. "R. H. WEBSTER, ex-supt.. Pres.
COACHING arithmetic a specialty; $1 25 per
week; competent instructor; life diploma.
MRS. M. K. SMITH, 8B Pine place, off
Pine st., near Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Frl. evgs.; Juve-
nllee. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight:
Individual Instruc.; all branches; day; eve.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt., com-
plete course, 6 mo. $30. eve. $< mo.; private.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 75-page catalog or reiuest.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. _
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country. •
S. IMURA, 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHETJM Employment' Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell et.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seiing's. 411*4 O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl. mgr. ;tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMEKT WAWTIiD— rEMAlE.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ; tel. Grant 178.
A GERMAN woman with a child, good cook
and housekeeper. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A — YOUNG woman wants position, housework,
country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black 2396.
A — GOOD ranch cook wants cooking .for rr*n.
country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black 239tS
A TRUSTWORTHY woman, good worker, de-
sires a few more engagements by the day;
' washing and housecleaning. Box 15G3, 1008
Market st.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and Ironing by the day. Call 1203 Vallejo
St.; no postals.
EASTERN girl wishes position to do general
housework and assist In cooking. Phone
Church 067.
• MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants position
for general housework; speaks German only.
1048 Larkln st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants place to do
general housework In small family; good
cook. 20 Eleventh st.
SITUATION wanted by active elderly lady to
do housekeeping for widower's family; city
or country. 1578 Fifteenth st.
A WOMAN wants work; laundry or cleaning;
$1 25 day. Please call or address Laundry,
770 Folsom St.. near Fourth.
REFINED girl wants position: $30 to $35 a
month. 383S Eighteenth st.
GERMAN girl wishes a place to work In
bakery. 670 Fourth st.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position as cook and
some housework. Call 177 Perry st.
A SWISS would like work by day house clean-
Ing. Box 2454, Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young American woman,
with a small child, would assist with light
housework for room and board; city only.
Call 225 Douglass st., near Eighteenth.
BOOKKEEPER, cashier; young lady, expert
experienced accountant, would keep books
evenings: typewriting, bills, statements, trial
sheets. 4166 Seventeenth st.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
eurgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able; careful, economical. Call or address
MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh st.
A LAUNDRESS, etc.. wishes a few more half
days' work; 75c and carfare. Address MRS.
I>.. 14 Rlngold »t., between Eighth and
Ninth, near Harrison.
YOUNG lady (German) would like a situation
as companion or to take care of children for
parties going to Europe or East in exchange
for expenses. Box 2223. Call office.
AN American woman wishes position as nurse
to care for young children; wages $25. Ad-
dress E. S., C2 Sussex St., near Glen Park.
FINNISH girl desires situation at general
housework. Address 243 Steuart St.; tel.
Red 26S6.
COMPETENT German cook "wishes position In
private family or boarding-house; wages $40.
Box 2338. Call office.
WANTED — Position by flrst-class bookkeeper;
thoroughly competent: 7 years' experience;
first-class references. Box 2224. Call office.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements. Address Dressmaker, 1926 Mar-
ket st. -
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants situation;
hotel or residence; references. 843 Mission.
HOUSEWORK by the day or week; $1 and
carfare. Box 2324, Call of flee. ;
WOMAN wants work by day;. phone after 6
p. m. Phone Scott 1324. ¦
POSITION wanted by experienced dressmaker's
helper. 2223 Twenty-second st.
JAPANESE girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; good family.
, K. I., 639 Stevenson st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
- Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER wants position; has had 25 years'
experience; can furnish best of reference:
would take position as handy man arounJ
machinery. Box 2321. Call office.
MACHINIST, flrst-class, small work, wants
Job or charge of machinery; city or other-
wise; wages moderate. Address box 2458,
Call office.
GERMAN, sober, understands care of horses,
garden, can milk, wants situation. Box
2-156, Call office. ; '
MAN. young, desires engagement; good at any
kind of mechanical work; house or machinery
repairs. Address box 2452, Call office.
A YOUNG couple wishes position In hotel or
some nice private place In exchange for room
and board; city only. 023*4 Mission st.
BOOKKEEPER — Responsible young man
wants position as bookkeeper or any kind of
work. Box 1266, Call office, Oakland. . ;
MIDDLE-AGED' handy man wants work; pri-
vate place. Address J. L. H.. box 2322. Call.
STRONG boy, 18 years old, wants any kind of
employment. 1011 Katoma st.
POSITION wanted • as bookkeeper or proof-
reader; no objection to leaving city. Box
2440, Call office.
YOUNG man 'and wife wish positions; man
good teamster a.nd handy man; wife good
plain cook and housekeeper. - Box 2411, Call. ¦
KEETINO NOTICES — Continued.
KNIGHTS of the Bed Branch will meet «
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, jf*
Ku*lne*s of lmi>ortanec. t3<£
PRESIDENT.
AGENTS WAHTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell our high-grade nur-
sery ctock: liberal commission: cash advanced
en orders: outfit free; experience and capital
not ntceosary M you have push and energy:
a few choice fields still open; write before
•srtxned. Chlco Nursery Co.. Chlco. Cal.
AGENTS ha make >10 per day selling our
novelty machines to farmers: send for cata-
legue. THOS. FOOTE CO.. Lo« Angeles, Cal.
_ ATTORNETS-AT-LAW.
R. W. KINO. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
««h floor: entrance room 611; established 15
- y#mr»; all cases, general court and office
practice; no fee tn advance or for consulta-
tion; *venlns» by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADY1CB fr*» on all leral matters; divorces a
»p»v-laltv; private, quick; no pay In advance;
mlnins "companies or»>anlzed:patents obtained;
vi. W. 1IOWR.J 122 Market »t.; estab. 22 yrs.
rKNSlON atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.. 15
yro practice; refs. from many thousands of
».-".*•>:» sailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
clflc Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
PIVORCK— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: all law busln««a; no charge unless sue-
ertaful; « pen evenings'. 927 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce coets $12: no fees or
cc»t» In advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r.33.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: all cases.
Room 46B. Parrott bldg.. S55 Market t.
L. 8. CLARK. P27 Market «t.; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
PATENTS and pensions— SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT I'ENSION AGCY.. 214 Pine. 6th floor.
au-tomobii.es.
BARGAIN— CADILLAC; seats four: canopy
top; In fine condition. Box 2331, Call office.
OLDSMOBILE for sale for $400. Box 1970,
j Call office.
WANTED — Rambler automobile. Address with
price, etc.. bcx 18S7. Call office.
FOR sale— White Steam Touring Car; good or-
der; $1500. Box 22J5. Call office.
ASTHMA REMEDY.
A. Di Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves lnstant-
ly: 10e. 35c 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
BIRDS, BOOS, ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $5 each;
largest variety dogs, bird£, cages, etc., at low
prices. 1544-46 Market st.
£ _J* OC :?^:
DALY * CUHRAN, second-hand booksellers,
removed Trom 206 Powell st.. to S87 Geary .t.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1600; CORNER saloon on Polk et.; rent $35;
stock of $600 guaranteed; lease; best location;
owner has to have an operation performed
cause pf sale. See R. G. WILKE, -t>H
Kearny st.
A — $2eM>; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location In the Mission; place
established years and flrst-class paying; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st.
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade- rent $S0; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best In this
city; or owner will take a partner for $SO0O;
this is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying place in this city. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $R500; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lag-er beer saloons of this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; ROADHOLSE, with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, etc.;
. % well-advettispd and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $6000; CORNER saloon. with 4 years'
lease; about U block from Market and Ellis
6ts.; place doing a rushlnsr business; value
in sight: owner must leave for the East.
See R. G. WILKE, 26^ K-arny st.
A— $450; BARKER shop; 3 chairs; established
5 years; best location on Geary st. : cheap
rvnt. Particulars R. G. Wllke. 26*4 Kearny.
A— fS50; CORNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 blcck south of Market and Powell
«ts.; a good business; owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny st.
A— ?2u00; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE.
26i£ Kearny st. <
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chance: restaurant in Ban Rafael; dally re-
ceiptr. *2Ti; rent $30; good business; value
In sight; patronized by best class of people
Se* R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— *1000; SALOON In the Potrero, with 6
room«; rent $50; place established many years;
goo.1 business; investigate: this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 2614 Kearny st.
A— $S0O; CORNER ealoon In wholesale district-
rent $50; place doing a fine business- sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no nicht or
gjnday work. R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny.
A— $4500: SALOON, located in Watsonvllle;
rent $i" 60; 3 years" lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed In the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 S
Kearny st.
A-J2500; LEADING hotel In the best business
town 60 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
<*.lning-room ; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the interior Call R. G
WILKE. 20*4 Kearny st.
A— $5100; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value In
sight; one of the best offers In Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny st.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted in one of the
best paying corner saloons In this city
d^ilr receipts about $40; place clears net
above 53OO t>er month; location first-class
See R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A-$ie00; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton sts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; flrst-class business. Call R G
WILKE, 2C*i Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 30 rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE 26 "A
Kearny st. '
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lur.ch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California: olace must be secriflced on 'ac-
count of ill health of owner. See R. G
WILKE. 2O»4 Kearny st.
$300 — OYSTER and chop house; choice location-
average daily receipts $27 50 now; fine pay-
lng business. Merchants' Agency, 1008*4 Mkt.
$1600— RESTAURANT, coffee and lunch rooms-
established 13 years; run by same party 4
living rooms well furnished; rent $50- cause
sickness. Merchants' Agency. 1008*4 Market.
$350 BUYS a well-paying branch bakery and
7> e I Ir^-S'o* n .^ ore V^ e£lrabIe location. MER-
CHANTS' AGENCY. 1008H Market st.
GOOD paying bakery: fine store trade; for
«i?rr^^L, a Brfiat "crlflce. HAWKS &
MEHRTENE. 7th and R. R. ave.. Alameda.
$100 WILL buy a good paylng~restaurant[
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh st. and
Railroad ave.. Alameda.
WANTED— If you have real estate Improved
or unimproved, lodging-house, grocery sa-
loon, butcher shop, delicatessen branch ba-
kery, cigar stand, or a place of business of
any kind for sale, list It with THE SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 418-419 Callaghan
building. 1312 Market St.; tel. Folsom 3468.
$400— PARTNER, also partner inanufac. bus".
$ :500 — Hotel and bar. iO rcoms. good ba'pa n
$225- $3000— Restaurant and branch bakeries
S850-JSC00— Saloon with lease; good bargain
$S50-$5O00 — Grocery and bars; stand invest!**
BERG & ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
$400— RESTAURANT; factory dlst. ; longTease"
Grocery and bar at Invoice; snap.
$500— Grocery and Uquor store; good trade.
Pacific Real Estate Co., 1015 Market st.
CANDY, stationery. Icecream and variety busl-
ness; growing town. Santa Clara County; fine
location. Call on J. SEIDL & CO. 619 Bat-
tery »t.
BAKERY and lunch parlor; 2 wagons; 6 years'
lease; baking over 1000 loaves dally; cash
business $70 per day; $2000, halt cash, bal-
ance in trade. Address box 1254. Call of flee.
Oakland. ¦.:'*'.¦*'
F °K "* l T A cood P*y' n S saloon, lunchhous*
and bowling alley; proprietor goe« to Ger-
many; no agent. Inquire at 38 Geary St.,
room 45.
r ?. R w "J 1 *— Grocery and bar; 42 years estab-
llshed In one place; doing a good business-
also a 6 years' lease. Inquire 800 Filbert st.
FOR sale— Cigar stand In best part of city
downtown. Box 2704. Call office.
A LITTLE WANT ADVEOTsmENT PLACED IN THES^
THE^CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT ;_• Manager
\V. J. MARTIN* BuslnessJManssCT
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator WWJ,©* 1 *
nect You With the Department You A\i*n.
Publication Office. .. .Market and Third. S..F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevrnfon «t.
Delivered hv Carrier. 20 Ct*. Ter Week. 75
Cts r>r" Month Single C<*plr«. » Jf 1 !:..,,,
Terms by Mail Inc'udln*: Postage (.Cash V\ltn
v»rder) : , c -^
DAILT CALL Onolud. Sunday). 1 >'" r "vJS
DAILY CALL ilncluJ. Pun. 4 .»> >. « rr,OJ>.. «_w
PAILY CALL— By Single Month „'"-
Sf.VDAT CALU 1 Y«*r r rj
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year •- ui;i:
rr>at:v $S M» Ter Year Extra
FOREIGN ] Sunday ttlS Fer Ye«r Kxtra
POSTAGE. [wemyl 1 00 PwTmtWW
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
facsrle Ccpie« w;ll be forwarded when re-
quested. .
iUll «ibscrtber« in ordering charge o. aa-
£re«* should be particular «© give both M^«
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to »?* url *
prompt and correct compliance wltn tneir r»-
«u«t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
:(»:« Broadway Telephone Main I0W
BEKKELET OFFICE:
S4« Outer Street Telephone Nortn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Bartcm
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Cnlea Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-are-
cue Hotel and Hodman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shertr.an House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer nousi.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVH:
C. GEORGE KROGNEPS-.Marquette Building
<Long Distance Telephone. •Central 2619' )
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. C ARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
I ill. corner Marktt and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II p. BL
F.27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9 :30 p. m.
3<X> Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; Open until 9:30/p- m.
PI5 Larkln street; cpen until 9:30 p. tn.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
?2<n Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. re.
1^0 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1<X* Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-*econd and Ken-
tuckv streets: open until 9 p m.
T2T' F1!'mor» street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETHTQ NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery , y—
No. 16, K. T.. 025 Sutter st. — Offl- Ml
cen= and members are hereby notified u
to assemble In full uniform at the
asylum to-day al 1 :30 o'clock for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
Crater. Sir HENRY SMITH CROCKER.
THEO FROLICH, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Charter of Rose Crolx il
No. 7. A. and A. P. R.. <529 Sutter j £K — I
ft. — Called meeting THIS (WED- <t£\~~^
NESDAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. |H
Eighteenth degr^e. Visiting breth- Kl
ren eor»5ia!!v invited. I j
CHAS. JELLINEK. Secretary.
MOUNT~MORIAH LcdjTe" No. 44. F. 9
and A. M. — Called meeting THIS > vV
'WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7::;0/V\
o'clock. Third degree.
THEO FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodee No. 139. F. and ®
A. M.— Third degree THIsVSf
(WEDNESDAY) evening at 7:30/^S
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. S^retary.
MISSION Lodgo No. l«5t»rF.~and~A7M.~B
—Special mating THIS (WEDXES- vV'
PAY) EVENING at 7:.J0 o'clock i^/\
Second, degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
NATIONAL Union. I'lilll 11 iiii M|i», ,
cla Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. "~ ' r^fr
Fourth ft., at 6 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially lnvlt?d; Initiation.
By order C. BENDEL, President.
C. EL VAN ORDEN, Secretary.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
f-ecretary. N«w York, June 15. 1904. Notice
to ftockholderu.
To the. Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Ccrrpar.y:
Notice is hereby given that the board of
directors of the Southern Pacific Company
ft a meeting this day held called a special
meeting cf the stockholders cf said company
to convene at the office of the company 1b
Bwchmpnt, Jefferson County. Kentucky, on
Wednesday, the twentieth day cf July, 1904.
et 11 o'clock a. m.. standard time, to consider
»r,d act u-cn resolutions to be brought before
tr^m at said meeting in substantially the form
tnd *.o the effect following, vir:
•Resolved (1). that the capital stock of the
Fc-jThern Pacific Company be increased one
liundrtd million dollars by Issuing one million
p<iijitional shares of the par value of one hun-
t-T(& (Jollars each."
'•Revived (2). that the said Increased stock
; ;:a:i be preferred stock; that the holders of
»uch preferred stock shall be entitled to dlvl-
•i<nds in each fiscal year at such rate not ex-
.f*dins seven per cer.t per annum.' payable
ttr.:i-annuai:y out of the net profits aa shall
I ~ declared by the board of directors before
1 r.y dividend ehall be declared on the common
t-rclc; that such dividends shall be non-cumu
.Ht.ve; that the holders of such preferred stock
...i.11 not by virtue thereof be entitled to anr
r-.her cr further ehare of the profits of the
¦ -npany; ihat. upon the dissolution of the
«.rrpa3y. voluntarily or otherwise, the holders
i! preferred stock shall be entitled to have
;h»\r shares redeemed at par before aay di»
tributicn of any part of the assets of the com -
;jary shall be made to the h&loers of the com
ni'-n flock; that raid preferred stock shall h»
Ismed and sold from time to time to such
smcuntb and In such manner as the board of
directors may authorize and determine but
et not less than the par value of the shared-
that it fha',1 bt convertible into common stock*
»hsre for ehare. at the option of the holder*!
st any time; and shall be redeemable at the
option of the company on or at any time aft.Z
the Cist day of July, 1905, and before the flrit
day of July. Wio at one' hundred and fifteen
dollars per share." e "
"Resolved (3). that the board of directors
*ha 1 be and they are hereby authorized to e£
tsblith. frcm time to time, and enforce Til
MM* rults arid regulations respecting the ls-
ru*. tale. redempUon and conversion of such
ttock, not inconsistent herewith, as In ta«
judgment of the board may be necessary or
txpedier.t. ' m
For the purpose O f mch special meeting the
ftock transfer books of the company wni hi
c-o^d July 14 1004. at 3 o'clock p* m ani
reopened Thursday. July 21. 1904. at 10 o'clock
ALEX. MILLAR, gecreUry and Clerk.
THE California Debris Commission havln* re
<*lved applications to mine by hydraulic
irocees from E. A. Moody, in Good Luck j
mine, near Gold Run, PUcer County Cal
draining into Squires Creek, which Teach*.
Hear River, aod from Eagle Bar Placer i"n
:nr Co.. Limited, in Ea E le Bar Placer nTlnV
..ear Forest Hill. Placer County. Cal d?a?n"
ing into middle fork of American River tr?v«
KHST ir 8 ; 1 , mc ">r.g w »> be celd at room i»«
Flood building. San Francisco Cai Aue 1
i:*04. at 1 :30 a. m. ' *
6PRECKIXS Sugar Company. NOTICE nn>
ANNUAL MEETING -The regular annual
rn«Ung of the stockholders of the Spr-ckels
Sugar Company will be held at the olflce 1
r.f the company. 327 Market st.. San Fra"
risen, on MONDAY, the 25th day of July
1904. at the hour of II a. m.. for the pu£
l^«e of electing a board of directors to serve
:cr the ensuing year and for the transaction
.-.f tuch other business as may come befo«
th *«2S eUnr V , Tho trantre «- book, will close
ca Friday. July 22. l»O4. at 3 p m
W. H. HANNAM." Secretary.
MONTEREY County Water Company Notice
of annual meetir.g-Tht regular annual meet
«C of the etockholders of the Mon™" V
louiity Water Company will be b*ld at the
orfke of the company. 227 Market : et 4an
Fraucisco. en MONDAY, the 20- h diy of
July. 1905. at the hour of 11:30 £ m for
Hie purpose of electing a board of director,
to terve for the ensuing year and for th«
Transaction cf such othtr business as mav
come before the meeting. The transfer hunt,
will close on Friday. July 22. 1804, at 3 Dm.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
¦ stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the
company. No. 298 Steuart street, San Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the' 1st day of August.
1&04. itUi-n.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR, Secretary.THE SAN F X RANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
13
MU6TCAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued.
A FEW exceptional bargains: all uprights:
Heine grand. $475; Gabier. $350; Krell. $375;
Heine. $235; Steinway. $325; Mason & Ham-
lln, $285; Knabe. $l«0; Fischer. $115; Behr
Bros., $187; Crown. $140; Kimball, $65; Em-
erson. $123; Occidental. $40; Conrard. $07:
Collard, $55; Investigate our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO ca. 235-237 Geary st; Oakland.
12R2 Broadway.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such make? as Chlckering, Vosc,
Steinway, Steck. Sterling. Curtax, Neuman.
Erard, Halnee and many others; prices rea-
sonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
rew; $135. 237 Geary st.
$60 FOR a fin« upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNO'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright planoJ for sale; $S5.
PTATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron. Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 318-312 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell. •
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 91.V- To rent for term of years, one-
half of store-room; best retail location In
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post «t.
TO let— Store and bar: 4 rooms; stable. 4 stalls-
can, be used for-anythlng. Apply 338. Thir-
tieth st.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy st. ; phone Polk 4611.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st ;
PHYSICIANS AND SUBGEOKa
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence. I
1021 Vi Market St.. bet 6th and 7th; partlcu- >
- lar attention paid to diseases of women. • j
BLOOD,* skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL_1O73>,4 Market st • I
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor. |
treat* all diseases of the human body; for'
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenwortr.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
' Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eaaes cured by Chlnest herbs. 740-8 Clay st
PR WONG H0N, 310 Powell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
MONEY TO LOAN— -Continued.
/ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
. Location, etc
Box 400, Call office.
B/.LARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried oeopie without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confld«ntlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453. Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
irom burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 23 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1TO $10.000.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
ON real estate and chattels! E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Pav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
8TAH Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture A pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no cum.
charged. ELFVING. 61C. Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salarted people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL, 600 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HEADQUARTERS for renting planoa, both
new and second-hand, from $2 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some splendid
bargains for piano purchasers. Give us a
call. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., o60-62-fl4" Hayes st . -. ,
VALUABLE old violin for sale. Address box
24U9. Call office. -^
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rentej
in July and August. BRUENN, 22B Sutter.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR BALE— Con.
FIREWOOD; large load; $2 delivered. E. C.
PITCHER, tith and Hooper: tel. South 375.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 102m Market st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store, 61 McAllister st.
HOMERS. Runts, Runt crorses: Al squab rais-
ers .stamp for cata. C.Wllson.220F. Stevenson.
SAFES and cash registers new and second-
_h.and. I. FREEMAN. 1.129 Market et.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.', 1816 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bad-
galnp'.. moved to 786 Mission ' at.
ROUND damping tents for.sale; cheap; some
new; 10x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d -hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and Fecond-hand. THE HER*
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. 122 Market et _
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches-
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealslTinsT^a-
monda. gents' full dregs suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing TeL
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an4
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jexate 2351.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged.' T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
KONEYjro LOA~.
Xaa^herman murphy.
601-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements ; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc"? legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money/.- ..•-¦
See HERMAN MURPHY. -
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. . Baldwin Jewelry Store,
Ml) Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. ID Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.,rm. 7.
MONET to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t.
BEAt ESTATE — CITT — POB BAI^E.
SPECK & CO.,
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
2C9 MONTGOMERY ST.
ItEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$150,000— Northwest corner; splendid brick
building; 2C0 feet from Market ac;
67:6-foot front; block from Examiner
building; rent* $11.2SO year.
$50.0C0 — Northeart corner on Larkin St.: 87:«-
foot frcnt: producing a handsomA in-
come: offer wanted.
$50,00*V-Full BO vara; 1.T7-.B feet square;
northeast corner: Western Addition;
healthy rental: offer wanted.
$38, 000— Close to Kearny and Bush itreetsT^-
fin« brick Improvements; under lease;
rents $2700 year; two-frontage lot.
$25,000 — « elegant new flats; marine »!ew;
co. ner lot: rents $2€S8 year.
$20,000— Northeast corner; renting for $l*no
year; stores and lodging-house: fine lot;
10 minutes from California and Kear-
ry sts.
?20. 000— Business property oa Polk at', lot
30x100; fine building; rents $143 per
month.
$17,OOC— Fine Mission corner; new buildings;
only partly Improved; renting for $1500;
lot 50xICO.
$l«,0OO— Store* an-J flats: lot ha» 50 feet front:
close In; $13SO year; rent very low;
can get bank loan at 6 per cent of
$10.0OO.
$11,000— Hay*s) st.: fine improvements; rents
about $80 per month; offer wanted; 2-
frcntaze lot. **
$S.50O— $:x;o year rent; new Western Addition
flats; splendid tenants; street bltumin-
!z«d.
$7.500— $7S6 year rent; 3 fine Western Addi-
tion Mats; close to Golden Gate Park:
lot has sunny exposure.
$4,000— $420 year rent; Mission flats; larg»
lot, 57:6x134 feet.
$2,100— $312 year rent; 3 flats; new plumbing;
enap; must be sold
SWELL BUILDING LOTS.
$33, OCO— North weM corner; 128x137 :«: com-
manding fine marine view; vicinity
Washington and Gough sts.
$5.500 — Golden Gate-ave. corner: 37:<btlOO.
$4,250 — Facing Panhandle on north side of
Fell st.; lot 25x100.
$1,600— Golden Gate ave.; north line; 25x
100 feet.
$750— P.ichmond building lot; 25x100.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
We lead in Sales of Choicest lots
j At Lowest Prices.
New Blocks in Oceanside, Sunset and Rich-
mond.
Now Is your opportunity! See them at once!
$300 to $120v— Incomparable Oceanside lots:
graded, ready for building; superb view from
every lot: fronting H st. car line.
cannot be duplicated,
all bargains: easy terms:
I _____
Oceanside branch office, corner H st. and
47th ave.; open Sundays and holidays.
$;00 to $1000— Best Sunset lots; streets
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$30O to $<t00 — Cheapest Richmond lots, front-
ing: California St. and new electric car line;
also near new Spreckels Lake and' park; in-
stallments! /
$130 to $400— Level Excelsior Hd. lots; $5
monthly.
$1000 to $4000— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead.
LOW PRICES! EAST TERMS!
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
W. J. GUNN,
B30 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$34C0 — New 2-story residence; Seventh ave..
north of the park; Just finished: 5 rooms.
bathroom, basement; a well-built prett/
home; between ¦'$ lines cars; sun In every
room; lot 25x120; very cheap; to arrange
about payments call at office.
W. J. CUN.V.
530 California st.
FIRST time en the market. 4 fine level buiM-
Ing lots, one corner, northwest corner lsthi
and Douglass: bitumen streets, concreto
sidewalks; 2 car lines; just the place for
houses or Kats; only ?00 per front foot.
Where can you beat thlaT
O. D. BAIjyWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery St.
ATTRACTIVE old English dwelling; Just com-
pleted: 9 rooms and bath; choice location;
beamed ceiling: wall* paneled in natural
woods; open brick fireplace; window seat>.
etc., a thoroughly swell home, complete ia
every particular; terms to suit. 905 Ashbury
st.. take Halght or Ellis transfer to Ma-
sonic ave.
$1 25 PER week; no interest: lets In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level: no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little homo
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Mowteo— tery st., room 8.
A THREE-STORY pressed brick building in
Oakland: three storek and C3 rooms above an.1
all leased; lot 50x100; in the very business
center; building cost over $40,CCO and lot ia
worth $20,000: this property can be bought
tor $.17,000: I must have money at once.
Address Owner, box 1238, Call office. Oakland
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANT.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 312 Callaghan bid.,
will build on ycur property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and Interest oa
each $10€0 of balance due. rr taking your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$500 DOWN: balance $23 per month: cottage
5 rooms and bath on 24th st. car line.
$2.S0O — House of 6 rooms and bath on West
Park st.; must sell, roing away.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission «t-
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 MARKET "st!
$1500 cash — Houses of 6 rooms, 2 attic rooms;
lot 50x100; rented $:» per month, near Mar-
ket ami Fourteenth nts. ; fine.
BLOCK of new Colonial fiats near Park, fl
rooms, bath, cheap for cash: also on easy
payments; B st.. bet. 3d and 4th aves.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-S Crocker building.
, ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
HACH & MAYER, plumbers. 8.T6 Howard st.
¦ ' 1
8A2T KATEO SEAL ESTATE.
._— __— _~-____-_~_— ~— ~-~-~— ~— — ~_— — i ————————, 1
$200 PER . acre — Two H-acre and one 4-acr»
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
reads; last of this property left; >4 cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees: well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition:
for sale at a bargain: 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks^ — Land In best part of this dis-
trict: well sheltered and wooded: In tracts off
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to thos*
building immediately.
SELBY. RODOERS A CO..
TetThoro M*tn r,73. 116 California st.
POINT RICHMOND HEAL ESTATS.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Bant* F*
and electric roads; land $30O per ace; !o'i
50x200 at $130: orchard of 15 acre* mvl
buildings. $400 per acre; monthly payment*;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st-.S.F.
BERKELEY ADVERTO'STS
BESXELEY AI ' ?? T . A***'^.
BARGAIN — Hcu??. 6 rooms, windmill an.i
tank, stable, wagon shed, about 80 fu.l
bearing fruit trees, vegetable garden, chicken
houses; lot 80x2S0; price $1400 cash; thu
must be sol. 5 at once; first come, first served;
close to Berkeley. Open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lcrln station. South Berkeley.
! '
lorn last chance for this place; sickness
cau.»« for selling; house 3 rooms, good fur-
niture, lot of tools and chlcxens; lot ilx'H*;
' all goes fcr $15<X); terms cash; all renced and
cross-fenced: large chicken house. stabl».
d«ep well. Open Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
: BIO ban rain — Wew 5-room cottage, bath, pan-
try, folding doors. pretty mantel, china
, closet, bay-window, high concrete founda-
tion, city water; lot 4Rxl20; all fenced:
chicken houses; street work done: 3 block j
to R. R. station; electric cam pass the door;
price $21C0: terms $130 cash, balance $2*
monthly. Open Sundays.* O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin station. South Berkeley.
1 • -. ,
! ANOTHER snap and must be sold — see It and
buy — Five large rooms, bath, attic and base-
ment; 50x135 foot lot; sunny; two blockj
from car lire and Key Routet $3S0O prop-
erty now selling for $3473.
CHENEY & BERRT.
< Postofflce Block. Berkeley.
FIVE; 6 and 7-room houses, new. for sa'«
on easy terms; our own property, or will
• build for you on installments.
CHENEY & BERRY.
PostofQce Block. Berkeley.
Continued on l'a_e Fourteen.
PEE3ONALS.
A-MME. GILLINGHAM,
Complexion specialist, \ bas opened offices at
131 Powell St.. between O'Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfeet. bagglness of th* eyes, freckles,
lost contouri smallpox plttlngs, etc; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mall or person; I will take catlents for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
A SUIT cr overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready niade if you can get Mr-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMO3. 1127 Market «t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure curs for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
ever 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk St.. S. F. t
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching ncadp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats, drug habit* by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
fidential. Box 3234, Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blocd (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Wcrst cases cured. 1
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation,
curing organic weakness, drains, varicocele.
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians I
recom. them. Dr. Burnard Co., 1W Geary, S.F. t
AA— OLD tableware neatly platfd as good as
new; knives, forks and spoons done yery I
reasonable. 012 Howard st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
> and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 80
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT.
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$230. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
BEST white lead, 7c per pound: special to
BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market I
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clnthinsr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ActinarestoresMost eyesight; cures deafness) and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3G9 Sut-
ter, r. 009. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room S3.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for B cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — Tor Sale.
WH1TK & BAYLEY.
Successors to
. W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$9 per acre — 3600 acres, comprising the finest
stock ranch in Humboldt County; finest ranch-
house In the county; 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large barns; all under the best of
fence and crossfenced; good supply of timber;
; present owner amassed a large fortune; several*
thousand sheep, 100 head of cattle at market
price;. 2000 acres more land if desired.
$2600 — Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; 200
acres; 20 acres under cultlvatlou; balance tlm- '
bend pasture; 4-room house; large barn; run-
ning water.
$3250 — In town of Petaluma; 2V& acres; mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry houses, brood-
ers; 2 wagons, harness, horse. Jersey cow;
450 hens; all in fruit; 20,0u0-gallon reservoir;
photos at office.
$B50O— On Marah Creek, near Llvermor*; 6S0
acres; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, large barn; wagon shed, poultry
houses: water piped to buildings.
$1400— 8 acres; 2H miles of Sebastopol: 4
acres berries, 1 acre orchard, balance crops;
4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; fur-
niture; part cash.
$-*X>00 — Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
ern machinery; water power; capacity 10.000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tools; half cash or lumber at market price.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
$4500 — '2 miles from Santa Itosa; 41 acres
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house, 2 barns,
poultry houses; 2 acres assorted fruits.
$1000 — Near Sonoma City; 4^ acres; family
orchard; ne~w house, barn, poultry houses; over
200 chickens.
$2700 — Lake County. 3 miles of town: 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced; 40 under
cultivation; 20 acres alfalfa land; small vine-
yard; 2 acres orchard; 0-room hchise, barn,
windmill and tank.
$1100 — I acres fine land near Haywards; 3-
ro.'in house; Junction 2 roads; great place for
roadhouse.
$2500 — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co.:
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling UlOO acres range; s acrea bearing
orchard; hay land; good huuse and 4 cottages,
all furnished; bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming implements; see this quick.
$2500 — In Sonoma Co.. near boat and cars;
1C2 acres; some orchard and vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden, berries; ti-room house,
a'l furnished; 2 horses, spring and road wagons
harness, tools, cow, poultry; $200 Jvb if de-
sired.
ALFALFA LANDS.
$100 per acre— One mil* of Modesto: 5 acres
up; ',4 cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up. V3 cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbridge
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We hav e Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$20 per acre — Rich river bottom land; all
ditched for irrigation; Placer Co.. on* mile of
town and railroad.
$17 per acre — Fines* stock ranch In Placer
Co.; l<*0 acres: at railroad station; 500 acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed; carry 400 head; dwelling. 3
good barns, farming implements, 00 cattle. 12
horses; part casK
$4500 — 30 acres, 1% miles of town. Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees ana vines;
nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine in-
come; would trade city or Oakland property.
$830—3 miles of Geyservllle; 214 acres; 6-
room house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling,
all in vineyard: oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$U500— 10ti acres; 5 miles from San Jose; 14
acres level bay land; 7 acres full bearing
prunes; 7-room house, bath, well, windmill
and tank. .'.
$3750— Sonoma Co.. one mile of fine town; 10
acres all in peaches and prunes, with fine
crop of corn between rows; modern cottage. 5
rooms and«*ath. well, windmill and tank;
Russian River bottom: the real thing.
$10,u00 — On Alum Rock ave.. 3 miles of San
Jose: 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
drying plant: nice 6-room cottage, ground*,
ftables: electric can pass door; Income $20W;
would take clear bay property In exchange.
$1500— Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co.; 4
acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nice shade trees, house and barn; preat poultry
farm; easy terms.
$2750 — 160 acres fine foothill land In Contra
Costa Co.. near Clayton; SO acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room house, good barn;
water piped to buildings; family orchard; part
cash. ' j •'¦
Send stamp for th* largest and/ most di-
versified printed list on tha coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room S.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.,
643 'Market st. ¦ .
TWENTY acres land near Red Bluff: Cotton-
wood colony; $67 50 net. Box 270C, Call.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY,
I F. A. BARR, MANAGER. I
SUITE 807-80.8 CALL BUILDING. i
It Is frequently the case that a. party wishes I
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a dlff«rent kind of property. ',
Our long experience In this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we
make is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up cither -our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property so heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
If It has merit, whether you own real estate !
or a mercantile or manufacturing business. '
brlrg a description of same to our office stat- 1
Ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchanse satisfactory to you to ac-
cept. '.''¦-}:¦ *-"•:•:¦¦;
$2500 EQUITY in Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly Improved
or unimproved country property In ths Rus-
sian River section; Berkeley property con-
sists of 0-room residence, lot 45x134. with
stable and chicken-house; stone walks, grav-
eled drive; in desirable residence section;
near school, railroad and electric lines. Ad-
dreao box 4827, Call of flee.
HORSES JUTB WAGONS.
FOR SALE— 2 PAIRS OF HACKNEY-BRED
HORSES, 4 AND 5 TEARS OLD; E^-
TRAVAOANT ALL-ROUND ACTION;
BOUND AND THOROUGHLY BROKEN TO
ALL ROAD NUISANCES. APPLY JAY &
KIDEBOTTOM REDWOOD CITY; PHONE
216 SUBURBAN.
GOOD second-hand hack, top rockaway. tan-
dem and lady's village cart, top wairon and
phaeton, cheap at O'BRIEN'S, cor. Polk et.
and Golden Gate ave.
FOR Kale— S5 head of broke and unbrok«
horses weighing from 1100 to 1300 pounds.
Inquire at 1&45 Union st.
AUCTION «<ale every Tuesday: horses, warons.
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
Count}-. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR o.i!e — A saddle horse, very stylUh, Bound
and perfectly gentle; lady ran ride him. Ad-
dresx box V.-'iK Call office.
FOR *ale — 1 large platform wagon, 3 express
wa«-ons. 1 covered wagon for camping. 2£3
Beale st.
M<"E little saddle mare; younp, Found. g*ntle;
$100. Pennsylvania Stable, 1523 Howard Bt.
AN *- year-old noire; sound and gentle. 1403
Ellis *t.. corner Webster.
FOR *ale — An easy ridins butrgy; good run-
ning order. Bex 2229. Call office. *
BAY horse. 6 years old. for sale; weighs 1100
Iba; high bred; price $100. Box 227L Call.
NEW ard second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, *urreys. buggies, wagons, har-
negg. work and driving horges. 15th-Valencla.
5°H555^SL552!:
A — PRINTED list of houses to Iet:send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & <X)..2O Montgomery.
$07 BO— SUNNY 9-room house. 18S2 Green
St.. near Lajruna. ¦
HOUSES TO LET — FTTBNISHED.
TO let on account of departure: elegant 10-
room houre; partially furnished; marine
view; rent reasonable. Box 1930, Call office,
COMFORTABLY furnished house, 7 rooms and
bath. 141(3 Taylor st.. near Jackson, over-
looking bay; open 1 to 4.
PIERCE, 47. cor. Duboce Park — Desirable n#w
sunny cottage; 7 rooms; furn. or unfurn.
COTTAGES MAXTED.
WANTED— To rent a 4 or 5 room cottage, with
yard, In the Mission. 12CH L&ngton *t.
IN V ESTMEITTS.
$100 INVESTED will net large returns in a
few months. No stocks of any kind for sale,
neither is it a get rich quick scheme, but It
is an Investment that will bear closest In-
vestigation and in which your money is well
secured. MORRILL 4fc MEYER. 225 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
_WVALniJJKA]^.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt.; tel.Park 775.
I.OST AITO rOXTITD. '
FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell; 2 stares. 311 Sutter and 1204
Cutter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
LOST — A keystone pin. on June 5, In going
from 271<> Filbert St., in the Union, Fillmore
and Jaokscn st. car, to Washington and
Lyon, and returning to 2710 Filbert st. by
California. Hyde and Union ft.; $5 reward.
FOUND — On Southern Pacific train at Port
Costa. Monday, July IS. gentleman's purs«
containing, money. Owner can have same by
calling room 4, 6 Turk St., S. F.. proving
property and paying for ads.
LOST — Saturday, between Sixth and Stockton
i«t*.. brown memorandum book with papers
bearing name of E. P. Drai>er. Return 149D
O'Farivll st. ; ?2 50 reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
bjmJ Loan Society of Fan Francisco in the '
name of Annie II. Lowder, No. 22:S-290.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — July 10. lady's round gold pin. ame-
thyst setting, from Fremont to Market to
Key Houte. 1 o'clock boat. Return to E.
WILSON. Peterson's boat. Reward; keepsake.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JACOB STEINER; No. 210-109.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; monogram C. C.
F. Reward $10 return to 501 Ramsell St..
Ingleside.
FINDER of smoked pearl opera glass handle
at Alcazar will receive reward at bsx office.
LOST — 1 Initial enamel sleeve button; "R.J.E."
Reward if returned to 321 Geary st.
FOUND— Purse on Clay st. Apply 10C5 Mills
building.
LAUNCHES FOB EIBE.
C. A. McNEILL~ LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush &34.
J. Michaelia Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 26-Sti.
MATTBESSE8 ATO PILLOWS.
1 TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard gt. : phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief f.r Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician htrre who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex;
orbltant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market *t.. rooms 7 and 8.
MR8. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant re'.ief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 82ti Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe'-
* male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S^Market^-. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market^t^
MRS. DR. GWYER. MIA Leavenworth st., be-
tween Geary and O'Farre:i.
DK. and MRsTdaVIES T a "nd~HINDOO HERBS;
original m*thod of treatment. 1128 Market.
LADIES' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.;
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES — Kumround; nafe cure* never falls:
J2 Gleason-ltuggles Drug Co. ¦ Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2393 Folsom st.. corner
. 26th; ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— PO» SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?"
Repair it with elatcrite. In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2L--HAND machinery, engines, boilers pump's,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
FOR sale — IO00 cuckoo clocks, elegantly carved-
good time-keepers: nice for presents; tradi
supplied. J. B. WHITNEY 120 Sutter st., '
room 12.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHJTELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on smell* weekly"or
monthly payments. DEREMEI#3, 137 Mont-
gomery st., rocm 12. upstairs. .
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS 25 I
Stockton st. '
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan anh
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton *t.
J. COOPER, rents' full-dree's rental parlors
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton nt.'
upstairs.
TRY cur men's shoea at $1 and $1 60 pair*
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
BARGAIN — Cylinder press, type, racks. GA~
BRIEL PRINTING CO.. 419 Sacramento %<u
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80: worth
$100. GAKIX, 133 Montgomery it.
ggI»F WAJTTED— MALE — Contlaq»d.
'A-XIURAT & RBAnVr 654-636 CUy et.
Phcne Ma'.n .**4S.
l^aflinr Employment and Labor Afrits.
>Ve rpe&k the German, French, Italian,
Pcjindlnavlta. c.rwk, Spanish, Slavonian and
I»anl*h. Ianru8jrrr.
JU03 We Gave 1904 W'e Hope to
C'O.OGO Men Wcrk. Increase 60,000.
SANTA FE H. R.
I« pond to us, »• r.r* good to you.
i<i>O illle*. FLORENCE. f 10 60.
> IUZONA.
ia Presovtt. . 8 p. m. dally.
l>rU>r«. $3 10 $3.10. Center
TVomi.Urs, $2 to $2 50. of
Laborers. $2 to f 2 50. Great Mines.
COOKS.
5 cook?. hoar-Jin* hotels. $4O and $55 found.
.4 nf«h and pot washers, $25 and $30 and fd.
Waiter, urtn work; Fresno County; J4O id.
2 ¦waiters, commercial hotel, south. $30 fd.
MECHANICAL,
i-dferman. $40 pnd found.
IS ?hirjjlrrs. different <t»un»ry Jobs.
HOLDERS.
6 Iron moljers; bos* here.
.•"aipenter and cabinet maker, stair building,
• «itv. f 4 Srt d ay .
Sh1n*r!e pointer, lumber company. Sonoma
• « aunty. $30, $35 and found.
lrrn molaer. fare $1. foundry. $3 to $3 50 day
4 plumbers, $4 day. country.
Wh-rlwnglu. carriage wvrks, J3 day.
CtrpttHerB, fare thV. $4 day.
Ll.'MBKll. ETC.
•irader. lumber company north, $80.
Tail edserman. tare $:t $2 25 day.
t^roultender. lumber co., south. $T.O found. |
12 cooper*, flack work, rteady. Ute barrel. ,
• •• sash nn<1 iii>Y hands. $3 5(i day.
11 lumber irraJer*. born here. $W.
I.umher prad'-r. bo«s here. $3 day.
• lanjs edp< rman. lumber company. $75.
:> men. ntakf nave* and fpllt staves, r*"d-
wood. Utsk here, f.50 found: 2 scrrw turners:
2 carrlaice nftte-*; hook tender; 5 shlnpie
fa'-kers.
• Tang charcoal burners 10c to l.V sack,
i^abore r. do little butcherlnr. mine. $32 50 fd.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABI^KS.
12 milker*. $W. $35 $40 found.
12 farmer*. $30 found.
1 1 chore men hoy*. $30 to $15 found.
:Z stab!, men. $30 found. $«V $7.1
4 farmrrn and wives. $*0, 550 f»"0 found.
ML'KRAV & READT. 634-6T.0 Clay gt.
TO IX'S ANGELES. $? ««.
Hy Santa F«- It. R.. 6 p. m. daily. ;
i.'r. triirr.*t«-rs. fl CO :
Th« land cr sunshine, fruit and flowera.
Highlands. Uedlards. Riverside.
I'omona. center of oraiu?«? and lemon grovel.
MIURAT & READY. 634-C.-.a Clay st. _
Mcihinists. und?n>i«nd box machinery.
Wheel aright, lumber co.. $.1 .V» day.
<rsn*r.tfri, c:ty Job. S'l to $0 o*.' day.
" m. n make sash ueltht*. city JoK
f.ifkt,"mith. woodworker, city. $3 «iay.
Af leather man. yhoe factory. $70.
Ulfci'kMUlUi tity S21 week.
look:
!*.TFt-eUJS lineman, dsnkey block line, south.
' .!i ! r fi-mrany. $75 and ff-i:nd.
Mar. 10 t*ke charge of \lne«ar plant. $15 to
" >:iti veek.
m j young men. city mill. $« a week.
Oemian-S»-i»« milker. S-15 and found.
LOOK'.
Head donkey man. wnmis, fate $2. $C5 fd.
MINERS.
V5 miner*, aineif tiar.ds. $*2 50.
Rlacfcanlths' helper and ?hoe. city. $^ day.
!*!»'. k"-jnith. woodv.-orker. no «ho?!njr. $3 day.
l>anui ftnish»r. S. C «*.. non-union.
I-aintfT. factory, faie J5c ?2 50 day.
T.tnherma:: Tor mine. cold. ?S2 50 {r.uid.
*]»« muckers, rc'r.e. gold. >07 50 iound.
Fireman gold and copper mtno, $£3 founl.
CARPF.NTERP.
H> cmrpcEien, fare $1. $3 W> day.
h'hiriKle joirter. '--luntry. $."t5 fd.
ENGINEERS.
? engineers, citr. ?:; .lav.
Fir»man. oil. city. $2 25 day.
Ilaccw maiter. ranch. V^Jw M.
1<; Iab^r«-rp. no teaming. ran< h. $2C fd.
Tallyman, lumber co.. 'are $2, $40 fd.
2 futr.ac«- men. ir.ine. $4o fd.
:*«; laborers to file lumter, S^«i.
Farmer and wife. Sharta County, fare paid.
•.'.«• td.
i".ir::i«»r and wife. Santa <Tia'a Co.. $45 fd.
H5evator boy. city. $5 week fd.
- I'orter city, ralorn. *S w«*ek fd.
*. Lunch man. toMrs »iow to t< nd bar. $40 fd.
{ MfRKAT ft READT. <T.i-rr.C. Clay *t.
WANTED — A second operator en vests; one
that car. make breast pocket*; n Fteaily pe-
tition. Apply V.. THOMAS. 4:* Gtary ft.
B. N. WOOD CO.
WANTED — A boya anJ children's clothing
salesman : ere experience. S. N. WOOD
4- (~.O-
.CUVEKNMKNT po*)f.cns— Call at 1C5 Moid-a
'^a:« ivf.. room 7, for free jnfcr.nation a»
\o pc*iti^t:». aalarie*. age limits. *tc. : day
or *vcnlc£*
TUAVELKK fcr wholesale seed house; part
time ;r.*:<;e: answer own hajid. with full
reference*. Box S71O. Ca!1.
TOl'NG mar. of good habits to do office work;
f90 x+r rr.vr.th: must have email capital.
«*all fV< Market at., room 4.
VANTT'D— Heilalle man and wife to work on ¦
r«mh. <'a!l l»=fore 10 a. m., 222 Dolores St.. '
nfar Sixteenth.
FIRST -class butwr for next Thursday and
Friday: steady from next Monday. 7'.t9 !
<!eary st.
ONE or t».> ri-'h to learn a pood trade; rteady ;
ucrk: nc rr.F'-it or Ban day wjrk; *2."» security j
needed. Apply :;i0' 3 Fohom st., upstairs.
BOXaVBLE man: light work; steady rmploy-
ruer.t: .-a!! to-day. Ills Market H.. room 1.
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1531 Polk »t.
TWO-CHAIR barber *hoi>: four livins rooms;
«m Uox 2C*. Call office.
THREE-CHAIR barber fhop; no reasonable of-
fer refused. IC90 Valencia st.
BARBERS— .1 barber rhtln for- sale for $10
the lot. l*O4 I-'oljom st.. near Fifteenth.
ALL •
il»n to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
- f. ¦ w«*-k>- rtquired; i>os'.iioD8 secured- con-
e-aut practice end expert instruction; special
«f!er an»i e*ta'.r«u* mailed free.
• MOHLKR SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay »t-
AN experienced, sober, indui-trloui hat man to
take charge of a liat department In a store
»!tuated net far from Fan Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of ace. Adfiresi box 1S02. Call office.
BARDER thop In Western Addition: good
eiand; low «rxp en *e; fan be baujtht very
nasor^tblc. Stolt* Barb«r Supply House.
'¦- • Market ft.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government position*. Apply for free cata-
lorve giving particular*, l'aclflc Corrfspond-
cr.ee. Inrtitute. Grant bldr.. :095 Market *t.
WANTED — Labcren and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hcuse proprietor has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
I'l 7 Third 8t.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTni> — Men and boys to learn plumbing-
trad*: Coyue Rroa Co. School of Practical
1*lur.-b:n*: r-end for catalogue. AdJrcsz 4M73-5
i^fTOB ave., St. Louis. Mo.
MEN and women to learn the barber trad» In
me weeks; new method: oaSd while leara-
lag. HAIGHrS. C47 Comiaerclal st.
TRV r.or men's riioes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at «2 50; we pay
ratpretg or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
FIRST-CLASP curtain and drapery salesman.
Box C3?S. Call.
YOUNG man to k-arn barber trad?: paid while
team.na;. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
A YOl'NG man to drive butcher w.-iroiT Ad-
p!y SCHKAL-ER liKOS.. 1372 Market St.
liAJiBER thop for sale cheap. In Mission dl5-
trlct. Inquire H. JSARNAKD, 104 Seventh.
WANTED— One-chair barber ehop on Install-
ments: city or country. 3510 Twenty-fifth st.
GERMAN In rood standing can make $200
month. Box 27Qfi. Call.
GKKfcfjtAXj tailor for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBERS— For sale. Rood pay-in* two-chair
barber shop. Corner Fourteenth and Folscm.
W^NTt-rs-pty drummer. iirownston* -.'ine
.•.. «43 Merchant *t.
arOODWORKING machine hand for furniture
fartcrj'. 2147 Folsom st.. n«ar Eighteenth.
DARBER8 — Or.e-cht.lr ehop for sale; receipts I
$1"5: rent $S. 3147 Twenty- fourth «t. •
A rentable outln<; pick hop* In August Write
E CLEMENS HOR3T CO..122Battery st-.S.r.
LABOR debts collected; *ult*. attachments
I.*w and Adjustment Co.. 32?> Montgy. r. 415.
KAILORS and youn* men <*reen hand*) for
rhlps. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
I'ENEION Atty., E.A.BuUls. r.40. Phelan bids.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
tAILORS and ordinary seamen for ail parts of
the- world at HERMAN'S. 27 Eteuart st.
VI 1NCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
. keV~-<uO rooinf; 35c nlsht; readlnc-rocnu:
fite. 'bus and barpere to and frotn ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
oX Advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened *t 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .-¦-.-
ALL «Jres men's shoes, glichtly dtmaped, half
price. W3 Mission tl. bet. In and 2d «t».
GET your shoes half-»oled while waltlns; 25c
If, 50c. SC3 Mission it-, bet. lit *od 24 et».
COLUHN5 WILL BRING MANirOLD RETURNS. TRY IT
....An Original and Useful Novelty... .
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
p| NEXT SUNDAY'S C/M-L
yii pair toothpicks
In Esfes' Pofefied and Engraved Turned-Wooden Boxes
These are the genuine "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks, put up in handsomely engraved
and polished boxes. The engraving is in colors, directly on the wood (not a label), and the
boxes are hand polished in the natural color of the wood, thus displaying to the best advantage
the fine grain of the silver white birch from which they are made. In a word, it makes a very
artistic package, and the most attractive novelty of this kind yet produced.
The "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks themselves are so familiar as to hardly need de-
scription — they are rounded, polished and sliverless, and admittedly the finest and most popular
American pick on the and are sold in every section of this countrv.
***** In Polished
'' A iiM<fil i and Engraved M| |li|® W$
- | I I \ \ ff>o Boxes. ,-vif I I' ; i fHi&-
The above cut is fac-simile of the package and exact size of box. The cover is engraved .
in red and black, and as the cut reads. The box has a very neat appearance, and is filled with
about 300 of these popular, high-class toothpicks. When empty box makes a verv suitable re-
ceptacle for hairpins, cuff, collar buttons, etc.", and is a valuable and ornamental addition to any
dresser. The premiums are free to Want Advertisers in Sunday Call only. Gifts given Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICK of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. '."] ;
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m,
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICK:
1016 Broadway. ...Telephone Main 20 S3
Tl1? l T>T/'Tr l T m-«r riTT'TrTC'l!**
DtdlxiiJliLttiiX Urrll-t.
2148 Center Street ......Telephone North 77
¦ . 1 ¦¦ •,*•.=.-. ' ¦•
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store , : Park Street-« U s ** Gms * Electric 60 00
$9,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 1C6 1»
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Honokaa S Co 12 00
75 Makaweli 23 73
50 Makawell 24 0©
210 Spring Valley Water Co 37 00
35 Spring Valley Water Co 37 12VL
$6,000 Cal C Gas A Elect 5 per cent. 103 3<>
$2,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent tX3 62Vfc
$4. COO Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 113 75
$2,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 104, 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
! Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Bay CVC 6s. — 90 SF A NP 5s. — 10»%
B L Wat 6e. — 117 |s P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 113 ISP Co 4^,«.10O —
M C Wat 53.100 — I Sun Tel 5*.. — 104
Ris I Wks 5s — 105 ISutter-st R5s.lO5 111
SF Drdk 8s — lt3^i!UR of SF 4s. 81% S3
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . 25>4 — | Mat Nav Co. — 99
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk 19fl —
Cal Cot Mils — 87 iN 8 R R Co. 9X1
Cal GAECor. 49% 50 IN Cal P Co. — 10V4
C Jockey Cl. — 125 I Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal Powder. 125 145 (Oak T Con.. 75
Cal Ship Co. — 25 1 1 OOF, Hall A 6 —
Cal T I A T.115 — lOrphfrtim Co. — 15ft
Cen Bk. Oak — €5 I PacC Cas Co. 130 —
Chutes Co .. 6H 7 |Pac S Tel. .101 1C«
City A C Bk — 120 iPac Snr Co. 10ft —
Cyp L Imp.. 7 — iParaf Paint.. 3« —
East Dynm.. — 270 S F Drydock. 60 —
DptPwd pfd — 00 I SF&SJ Coal.. — 25
Do com .. — 90 |3 J Wat Co. — 1P«
FN Bk. Oak. 12O — SO A MTgbt.125 —
Fischer -Thtr 5.Tc — ! Swiss- A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 lift (Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 4* —
Hono P Co.. 10 — Do com ... 9Vi —
LonA SF Bk — 60
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Cypress Lawn Imp Co T (M»
Street — r
50 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co.. 101 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. SI B0
j California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alm * 1 on
Apollo 40 4< j
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Caribou 350 4 2S
Chicago Crude 21
Claremont 70
Four Bt **-*"
Hanford 105 CO 175 00
Home 1 4f> ] 45
Imperial 17 &<>
Independence 25
Kern 4^0 i 00
Kern River 10 50 .... -
Monarch of Arizona * *3O
Monte Crlsto .- c«
Occidental of W Va an '.*.*.* T '
Oil City Petroleum 58 ao» •
Peerless 14 t")O
Reed Crude 1 50
Senator an
Sovereign 39 43
Sterling 2 50 2 7<>
Superior 05 10
Thirty-three .'. ft 25
Twenty-eight 10 CO
i West Shore 2 25 2 50
Section 7 100?
Associated Bonds 80 00
Linda Vista 14 . . . . ' ;
McKittrlck Oil 13 20
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company .... 7 3714
Fischer's Theater 60 f.5
Northern Cal Power 9 0O 10 12*4
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 100 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Street — 1
1000 Oil City Petroleum ra» 1
Board —
200 Monte Crtsto «g ->i
Afternoon Session. -' i£>
Board — E*t»
100 Fischer's «} ;
200 El Dorado o« -
Mining Stocks. I
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANtSS.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Andos 18 100 Occidental T9
100 Belcher 17 100 Ophlr ..2 2S
10O Best A Belch. 65 300 Overman. 13
ICO Best A Belch. 64 700 S*va«» l«
10O Challenge ... 20 300 Scorpion ..... C3
100 Crown Point.. 15 100 Sierra Nrr ... 23
10O Mexican 83 4C0 Silver Hill ... 4T
10O Mexican 84
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal A V.I C3 100 Ophlr J 25
300O Con Imperial 01 50 OpWr ....... .2 BO
SOO Gould A Cur. 11 100 Potost 1«
20A Hal« & Norc. 70 400 Union Con ... 23
100 Julia 07 200 Yellow Jacket. S3
10O Mexican 83
PACIFIC STOCK BXCHANOB.
Following were the sales en the Paetfio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning 9?«ston.
300 Caledonia 50 loo Ophlr 2 tS
60rt Con Imperial. 01 100 Ophtr j8A
100 Gould A Cur. 13 400 Overman J3
200 Gould A Cur. 12 BOO Overman 11
50O Kentuck C2 100 Sierra Xrr .. 24
100 Mexican 84! 200 Union Con .. 22;
Afternoon Session.
100 Justice 14! 10O Ophlr 2 30
20O Mexican 85! 200 Savage 23
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- -
dsco and Tonopan Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Gold Mt Con. C2I150O Red Top 13
100 Goldfleld . ...1 C5! 1000 Rescue 11
200 MacNamara . 51 100 Ton Belmont.. 79
560 MacNamara . 6O| 1300 Ton Gold Mt. 17
5O Mont Ton . . .2 451 10O Ton N Star. . .14
lOOO Ray A O'Brien 11| 30 Ton nt Nev.. 8 2*
1000 Red Top 151 500 United Ton .. C9
Afternoon Session.
500 Little Ton ... 60|100« Red Top ..... 12>
800 MacNamara . BOilOOORed Top J.1>
21 M> MacNamara . 51ll500Ton Midway.. ,.43*
60O Mont Ton ...2 45| 2CO Ton Midway.. »< •;
$OO N T Ton .... 031 tOO Ton Midway... -4J
1000 Paymaster .. C5' 300 Ton N Star... 54
1000 Paymaster .. 04|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
->
TUESDAY, July 19—4 r m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask. ¦
Alpha °7 C9!Justice I". t«
Alta «S 'S! Kentuck l>2 »3,.
Andes 19 2OIK. Graesaler.. — 1 21
RelchT 1« l«iLady Wash .. — 0* -
Best A Belch. KT. «71Mexiean «* «
Bullion W 17t Occidental .... 7» Si,,
Caledonia.... 50 52'Ophlr 2-'>28l-,
Challenge ... 20 22lOverman 1* J-llr
• ¦hollar 1R 17iPotosi 15 sl»
fonflilenre ... 70 801 Scorpion ( t>-siJ
Con C & Va.l 05 1 tn|savasr<» « -•*
Con Imperial, fit 02IS-K Belcher... «'¦ ft
Con NT Kl «4[ Sierra Tier ... ZT. ?j
frown Point.. 14 15'Silv»r Hill ... 47 't
East Sierra N Cti »6!St. Louis .... — •>
Eureka Con.. — f.OlSyndicate .... — fJ
Exchequer ... 3fi 3^1 Union Con ... 22 2'
«ould A Cur. It 13' Utah U t:
Vn}» & Norc. 70 741 Yellow Jacket. 22 2t
Julia 63 071
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask
Ertwranxa ... 02 03 1 Red Top 12 II •
Gold Anchor.. — 30! Rescue lf> V.
Coldfield .... SO —(Ton Relrwit. 71 7>
Gold Mt Con. 01 02'Ton A C»l... 11 —
Hannarah M. 25 — '.Ten Cash Boy. to*— _
Jim Bntler .. ei> 751 Ton Exten. t Co 1 <"2'<
Litt'<» Ton ... — fi'JTon * O W.. 05 —
Lucky Tom., ftt f4!Tnn Oold Mt. 1« I"
WacSawn . 5«> 521 Ton M'dway.. IT . 4>
Mtznah Exten — 2MTon «f N«v.:«^W*#*!
?lort Ton.. 2 4CN 2 4.-. Ton N Star.. "4 .".«
X T Ton fC. fir.iTon A S Lake. 55 -
Paymaster .. <U 05! Ton Superior.. — «
Vine Grove.. 5O — Ton Union ..10
Ray Exten... — fS! United Ten .. — — O
RayAO*Brien 10 12IUtopla 10 -
Rav Ton — 10[West End ... — 3
A. B. Hammond (owner) with H. L. Peter
een (contractor), architect J. E. Krnfft — Con
crete and artificial. store work for a three-«tnry
and basement brick renidenr* «n lot on N lln*
of Broadway, tr.7 :rt E of Flllroore street, E
57:0 by N 137:6: $7044.- ?.\
Nathan Mamlar (owner) with Paul Hendricks
(contractor), : architect — All wn'k for a tin
shop In rear of ?32 Perry :»t: $4?5.
William and Catherine Finn (Mpr^e) to
Salvatore Pusatere, lot on W line of Manches
ter street. 062:6 N of Rlplev. N 12:6 by XV Si),
Freclta Valley, lot 122; ?250.
Same to Pietro Ballstrlerl, lot on W line of
Manchester street, 650 N of Rlpley, N 12:0 by
W 80: ?2T>0. ,
Oscar Heyman to P. Durn« Company (cor
poration), lot on NE line of Berlin street. 110
HE of Olrr.stead. RE.lOrt hy NE 120, lots 11
and 12. block 10, Paul Tract; $10. '
Henry J. and Maria Ohl?en to James J.
O'CallaKhan, lot on N line of Richland avenue.
103:7 E of Holly street. F. 25 by N 100, lot
63. block 4, Holly Park; $10.
Henrietta L. Llklns (wife of Frank) to
Richard T,vn<>h. lot on S llnp of H'-h^nd *•'•-..
nue. 175 W of South avenue, W 25 by by S 1C0,
lot 19, block 5. same: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry J. and Maria Ohli=en to Dennis
O Callaglian. lot on N line of Richland avenue.
128:7 E of Holly street. E 25 by N 100. lot 62.
block 4. Holly Park; $10.
Julius. C.Rels to Frank J. and Martha
Graf ton. lots 37 to 39, block 36. Reis Tract;
grant.
Frances A. and G. B. Corwin to John T
Dare, lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue 375
N of D street, N 50 by W 127:6; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons* Investment Company
to JuanMaltos. lot on E line of Thlrtv-nlnth
avenue. 225 N of U street. N 25 by E l'H>- $10
Wendell Easton to Jacob Heyman Company!
lot on W line of Fortieth avenue, 100 N of X
street. N 2C0 by W 120; $10.
James T. and Bertha McBean to John Land
vogt. undivided two-thirds of lot 39. block 48
Sunnyside; $10.
Serene Larson and Ann Nelson to John
Ryan, lot on NE corner of Michigan and
Sierra streets, N 100 by E 60: $10.
Thomas L. and Catherine F. Hill to Anna
A. Christern, lot on E line of Third avenue
100 ,S of Point Lobos avenue, S 50 by E 120-
City and County of San Francisco to Moodv
Estate Company, lot on E corner of Eighth
and Hooper street, SE 240. NE 162. NW 24"'
SW 133; also lot on N corner of Eighth and
Hooper streets. NE 121:6. NW 252?« SW 75
S 119.21. SE 149.38; $ . ' lO#
Ursula G. Sawyer to Houghton Sawyer, lot
on NE corner of Jones and Sutter streets
E 84:10 by N 65; also lot on E line of Jones
6treet, 05 N of Sutter. N 30 by E- 68:9; gift.
Alva B. and Gertrude Clute to Mariana
Bertola, lot on S line of Bay street, 70 E of
Leavenworth. E 40 by S 78:6; $10.
John D. Spreckels to Claus Spreckels. lot on
SW line of Third street. 120 SE of Market SE
25 by SW 75; $10.
t-affery. lot on N line of Eighteenth street.
Jll:t>»; W of Guerrero. W 23 by N 112; $10.
Frederick Eckhardt .Company to Louis F.
Gelssler. lot on E line of San Joee avenue,
227 :t> S of Twenty-fifth, S 32:6 by E 90; $6300.
Mary Kenny (Searry) to Henry Leech, lot
on S ' line of Twenty-ninth -street, 105 E of
Sanchez. E 25 by S 114; $1.
Jane Birdsal! to Sarah J. Phillips, lot on S
line of Elizabeth street, 254:2 E of Douglass.
K ?r,:10 by S 114; $10.
. At the regular annual meeting of the
Alaska-Treadwell Gold Mining Company the
old board of directors was unanimously re
elected, as follows: "William Alvord. E. W.
Hopkins. H. H. Taylor. F. W. Bradley and
A. T. Corbus. At a meeting to be held to
morrow the old officers will be reflected. In
cluding William Alvord as president. H. H.
Taylor vice president and A. T. Corbus sec
retary and treasurer.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, July 19—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Aak.
4s qr coup.. 106 1C6\4 4s qr cp new.l32H133^
4s qr reg. ..106UI06*; 3s qr coup. .. 105^ —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A VT 5s. — — lOak T Co 6s.US —
Bay CPC 5s.lO2Vi — I Do 5s 110 —
Cal C G 5s. 103}i — I Do con 5s.lO2?i —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S B« — 72U
m & ct 5s. 84li 85 Om Cable fis.122 124^
Cal-*t C 5s. — 115t* Pac G Im 4«. J»2H 96
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry fli«.H*5?i —
EdL & P 6S.124U — P & C H 6s.lO3 —
F & C H 68.114 — P & O R 63.112 113
Geary-st 5s.. — SO Powell-gt 6s. — 114
H CAS 5l£s.lOO — Sac EG&RSs. — 9S
Do 3s »9»4 — SF&SJ\" 5«.H7 IIS
Hon R T 6S.105H — Sierra. R 6e.. — 115
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5 8 .113fc - (1908) 106;* -
LALCoGs— — (1010) —
Do gtd «a. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 105 (190ft)Sr A.tftt lC3Vi
LAP lem 5s.l01i4 — <HW»Sr B.IO.114 —
Mkt-st C 6S.113V, — «906> 105 —
Do lem 5S.114*. - | (1912) ... 115% _
MVft MtTfts.101% — SPC I cg3s.11O —
NRR of C6s.lO4*ilOS I Do stmpd..lOS»; —
Do 5s ....117 117*!S P B R 6s.l3im32«
v P c n 5« — 10f>tj!S V Wat 6s.lO5-"»i —
N C Ry 5s.. — I 12 I Do 4s 2dm. 9» 1C0
N C P C 5s. — l f 0 I Do 4s 3dm. 0S^; 99^
N B R R 5s. — 101 I Do p mt«r4s 97% —
O G L*H Ss.107 K* |Stkn"GAEPs. 92^ —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |U O A E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 JPort Co«ta... — —
Marin Co... — 60 tS.V Wat Co. 37 37U
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. S'i 3* JS F G & E. 60 6014
Mutual E L. 13 U 13% Stkn G A E. — 74
Pac L Co... 57',* — IU G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l20 127WL P A A.... - 155
Anglo-Cal .. — 0» |Mer Trust.... 208 —
»Bank of Cal. — 430 J Merch Ex.. . . 50 —
r Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nation!. — —
First Na.tionl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS. '
Ger S & L..22SO 2350 iSav A L So. — 10O
Hum S,A L. — — See Sav Bk. — 400
Mutual Sav. 100 1C5 Union T Co:. — —
S F Sav U.fiOO P.*iO
STREET RAILROADS.
California .'. — 200 IPresldlo — —
• POWDER.
Giant 60% 61 rVisrorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c iKllauea S C. — ' 4'-
Hawailan C. 52 52<4|Makawel! C. 23'4 24
Honokaa S C — 12tqOnomea S C. — 27'4
Hutch S P C R 8%|Paaiihan S C. 13 — '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.133«Vin lOceanlc S Co. — 4U
Cal F C A. — 10O I Pac Aux FA. 4 '4 S&
Cat Wine A. — fin 1 Pac C Bone. — 157
MV& MtTm.tOO — |
Morning Sezsion.
Board —
75 Makawf li 23 80
S5 Mutual Electric Light 13 12'i
10 S P Gas. & Electric «0 (0
1C0 Spring Valley Water Co 37 25
1O Cal C Ga* & Elec 5 per cent..' 90 J>0 ,
$o,GbO Cal C&EGM&CT58. b 10.10J 50
The Northern California Power Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 5c
per share on July 25.
The Senator Oil Company on July 1 paid a
dividend of lc per share, amounting to
$1809 50.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $3
per share, payable to-day.
Testerday was another quiet day on the ex
changes. On the Bond Exchange Spring Val
ley was lower at $37037 25. while Mutual
Electric was firm at $13 12 Vi and Makawell
Sugar higher at $23 75<g^4. The oil and min
ing stocks were quiet and even the Tonopahs
BFemed to be subsiding to a level of com
parative Inactivity, in comparison with the
heavy transactions which have characterized
them for several weeks.
The Peerless Oil Company has declared a
dividend of lie. payable August 1.
Y~estcrday Another Quiet Day,
With Few Changes.
STOCK MAKKET.
mwn nr B a^ agKle> Corntn *- 4 ""^" from Half.
SAILED.
o. -r, Tuesday. July 19
Stmr Brooklyn. Johnson, Mendocino
Stmr Greenwood. Waivlg
Schr Bessie K. Stark. San Vincente
DOMESTIC POUTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 19— Bktn Robert
Sudden, from Santa Rosalia; schr Guide hence
July 9; stmr Santa Monica, hence July "5 *
feailed July 19— Schr Sausalito. for San
Francisco. ' °* a
FOREIGN PORTS.
taOT^sV C - SaUed JuIy 19 - Si;hr s »°-
OCEAN STEAMERS
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July lS-Stmr Em D 
ress of China, from Vancouver for Honrknne-
NEW YORK-Arrivcd July
gla. from Liverpool; stmr Mesaba. from Lon
don; 8tmr Kriedrlch der Grosse. trom Bremen
and Southampton : stmr Kxonprlns Wilheim
rrom Bremen; stmr Laurentlan, irom Glas-
Sailed July 19— Stmr Potsdam, for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
orosse. for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cher.
Dourg; stmr Armenian, for Liverpool
GLASGOW— Arrived July 19— Stmr Nu
mldian. from New York
...B^KM EN— Arrived July 19— Stmr Kaiser
\\ilhelm. from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July lfr-Stmr Cor
nishman, from Portland.
Late Shipping Intelligence
LONDON, July 19.— In the House of
Lords this afternoon Earl Grey (di
rector of the British South African
Company), brought up the question of
American and British freights to South
Africa. He complained bitterly of the
discrepancy in favor of New York and
pointed out that under the existing
system the proportion of manufactured
foodstuffs shipped from New York to
South Africa was steadily increasing.
The Earl strongly condemned the re
bate system and urged the Government
to co-operate with the various colonial
Governments with the object of form
ing an independent shipping combina
tion which would secure 10 British
shippers the advantage now enjoyed
by Americans.
Earl Grey Complains of New York's
Advantage In Shipping to
South Africa.
EXPORTS OF AMERICANS
WORRY THE ENGLISHMEN
Major General Lord Dundonald, the
former commander of the militia of
Canada, was recently dismissed by the
Dominion Government for indiscretion
and insubordination, as it was termed,
as shown in a speech in Montreal, June
23, when he said he regretted that poli
tics had entered into Dominion mili
tary affairs, as it would be impossible
for Canada to have an efficient soldiery
under such circumstances.
LONDON, July 19.— In the House of
Commons to-day David Lloyd-George
(Welsh Nationalist) moved an ad
journment of the House to call atten
tion to "Lord Dundonald's participa
tion in political agitation against the
Government of Canada" while still an
officer in the British army. Lloyd-
George wanted the Government to rep
rimand Lord Dundonald.
Winston Churchill seconded the mo
tion that Lord Dundonald ousht to
have been recalled. »
War Secretary Arnold Forster, on
behalf of the Government, deprecated
the raisins of the question, especially
as the Canadian Government had not
mentioned the subject and was well
able to take care of itself. Nobody, he
said, had suggested /that Lord Dun
donald was guilty of anything beyond
want of judgment and he declined to
express an opinion on the matter until
Lord Dundonald, who had been re
quested to return home, had been
heard in his own defense.
Issue Is Raised by Opponents
Growing Out' of Army
Man's Recent Criticisms
URGES A REPRIMAND
Nationalist Member of the
Commons Objects to the
Officer's Part in Politics
QUICKSILVER— $42 50@43 60 for local us«
and $41 25@43rper flask for export.
SALT — Prices to Jobbers: Bales. 90c for
common and $1 10 for granulated: Dairy $6@7 •
per ton; Oranulated. $7®7 50; Half Ground
100- lb bags. $3 25: do. 50- lb bagi. $3 75; Rock
Salt. $2 85@3 in 100 and $3 25 In 50 lb bags-
Genuine Liverpool. $14. $15 and $16 per ton ;
In packages of 224. 100 and 50 lbs respectively. I
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com- ;
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In 10O-lb bags: i
Cubes. A Crushed and Fin* Crushed. 6 05c- :
Powtjered. 5.90c; Candy Granulated. 5 90c- Dry !
Granulated, fine, 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.80c; Fruit Granulated, 5.80c; Beet Granu- !
lated (100-lb bags only), • Confectioners'
A, 5.80c; Magnolia A. 5.40c; Extra C 5 30c-
Golden C. 5.20c: "D," 5.10c; barrels, 10c niore :
half barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more- 5O-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets'— Half
barrels. 6.80c: boxes. 6.55c; H. & E. Crystal '
Dominos. 8.S0c r>er lb. No orders taken for |
less than sevnty-flve barrels or Its equivalent !
-LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes $18019 • ex-'
tra sizes higher; Redwood. tw£v&; Lath 4
feet. $3 75®4; Pickets. $17®25; Shingles $2 for
No. 1 and $1 SO for No. 2; Shakes $14 for !
Split and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $33@39. j
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JULT 19.
Flour, qr sks. ..10. 065! Hides, No 474
Barley, ctls . . ..13.2Sl|Pelts. No 753
Oats, ctls 2.243| Tallow, ctls 2K3
Beans, sks 974 Leather, rolls ... 42
Potatoes, ska . . . 4.556 Paper, reams . . . €63
Onions, sks 205 Wine gals 32,400
Bran, sks 622 Lime.' bbls 551
Middlings, sks . . SfiO Quicksilver, flsks. 401
Hay. tons S95!chicory. bbls 15
Wool, bales 42 Sugar, ctls l.SCO
Shorts, sks 200 Broomcorn bdls.. 149
Corn, ctls 31
RED AND "WHITE LEAP— Red Lead. 7H@
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%®7?4c. according
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water Wblte Coal Oil. in bulk.
13e; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19'4c; Astral. 19^c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaln«, 26c;
Eocene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; In cases. 22"£c: Benzine, In bulk.
13c:* in cases, 19V4c; S6-degree Gasoline, In
bulk, 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
LEATHER — Bole, heavy, 29<331c; extra
heavy. 31033c J?er lb: medium, 25®29c;
light. 22@27c: Rough Leather. 24®26c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 33©39c for No. 1 and 3i*8.13c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c: light 2933.V;
Skirting ,No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 3e*©38c- Collar
Leather. 15@16c p«r foot; Trace Leather, 40(3
44c; Kip, unfinished. 40® 50c per lb; Veal fin
ished. 60®60c per lb; Calf finished e3cfi51
per lb; Wax Sides, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knlfs
Splits. 14© 16c; Rough Splits. 8©10c per lb
TANBARK — Ground, |25@2S per ton; stick
$16 50(318 per cord.
OILS— Quotations are for. barrels; for cases
55c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c
55c for raw; Castor OH. n cases. No. 1, 70c-
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10<@l 12; Lucol. 49c
for boiled and 4(5c for raw; China Nut. cases,
G2^e.SOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels,
•58c for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52e: extra, winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34e; boiled Fish Oil. C7c: raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
Salvador — 13® 14c for fancy washed; 12®129«c
for strictly prime washed: 10Vi@ll%c for good
to prime washed; 9@10%c for fair washed:
10@12c for fair to prime washed peaberry; 10@
10%c for good to prime semi-washed; 9'4@9 5 ic
for superior unwashed: 9c for good green un
washed: 9Vi@10c for good to superior unwash
ed peaberry: 7@8c for inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — lHj(gl3Vic for prime to fancy
washed; OfilOVjc for fair to strictly good wash
ed; 8*4@8%c for good to superior unwashed;
9Vi@10c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13%@15c for fancy
washed; H-%ftl3^c for prime to strictly prime
washed: ll@ll^c for strictly good washed:
10H®10%c for good washed: 9U«10Vic for fair
washed; 8^4 63c for medium: 7®Sc for Inferior
to ordinary: 10^@12c for rood to prime washed
peaberry: 9»4@10c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 8%©9%c for good to superior un
washed.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as fol
lows. 60 days pr Vi per cent discount for cash,
no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14 He;
Sisal. lOUc; DUplex, 9*4c; Bale Rope. UV*@
ll%c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14@15%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; \2^@\ZV%ti for prime
washed; 10H@12Uc for good washed; ll^@i;ic
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llc
for good to prime peaberry; 11612'ic for good
to prime; 9@10i*c for fair; 7H<£SVic for com
mon to ordinary.
"Seabrigbt." 6«ic; tablets. 7c; middles. 7®9>4c:
fancy boneless. 8%©S«4c; pickled Cod, bbls.
$7 60; pickled Cod, half bbls. $4 25; Pirate
Cove Cod Liver Oil. per dozen pints. $6; per
gallon. $3 25, less 10 per cent.
The will of the late John Sroufe
was read yesterday at the family resi
dence, 1160 Page street. The entire
estate was left unconditionally to the
testator's wife, Mrs. Zelda Sroufe.
The will contained no other be
quests and granted full powers to hla
helpmate, who had for fifty-four years
been the sharer of his joys and sor
rows.
In the will Mr. Sroufe said that he
purposely omitted bequests to his
daughters, Mrs. J. F. Merrill, Mrs. J.
R. Loosley, Mrs. W. Z. Tiffany and
Mrs. Germona Cippolloni. for the rea
son that he knew his wife would treat
them all justly. A request was made
that his widowed sister, Mrs. Pauline
McGuire, now living at French Gulch,
in Trinity County, should be provided
for during her life.
Their father's disposition of hl»
property met with the entire ap
proval of the four daughters, who
were all present when the will was
opened- The estate is reported to ba
valued at about $500,000.
John Sronfe Gives Everything to Ilia
Helpmate. Knowing She Will
Provide for Daughters.
CAUSTIC WORDS
FOR DUNDONALD
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. JULY 19. I
City and County of San Francisco to Potrero |
Land and Water, Front Company, lot on NE
corner of Wisconsin and Army streets, N
420:6 E 80 N 12:6 K 120. S 383. W 100.
S 50, W 30«V; also all Potrero Nuevo block 361,
lying between S line of Twenty-ttfth street,
E line of Indiana and shore line San Francisco
Bay, lots 1 to 6 "12 -to. 16; -also lots 18 and;
18j block" 185, 'E- line of De Ham street, 400
S of Army, S 33 by E 200, recorded July 18,
Leo and Frances Bruck (Wilxlnski) to Agnes
V. Lynch, lot on S line of RUls street, 27:6
K of Polk. E 27:6 by S 120: $10. : " -~
Carrie J. Church to David O. Church, lot
on N line of Filbert street, 62:6 W of Octavla,
W 25 by N 100; $10.
David O". * Church - to William J. Tabor,
same; 510. "; V
- Morris and Emma Simlnnff to Acnes R.,
Annie E., Emma C. and Minnie G. Fowler,
lot on E line of Stelner 'street. 33:4 N of
Thirteenth. N 33:4, E !K). S? 40:10%, W 90; $10..
Kate S. Borland to Patrick and Bridget Mc-
JiEAVES HIS ENTIRE ESTATE
"UNCOXDITIOXAIJiY TO WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
Continued prom Pace Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
EEggELEY SEAL ESTATE.
6 ACRES in th" heart of town, with cottage.
windmill 4C0«>-gal tank, large barn, cow
i-hfd and buggy ehefl; fronting on macada-
mized str**t. for salt at a bargain; there's
money In it.
JOS. J. MASON.
PE. Car. Shattuck and Center Ft^
BEHISLSY LODOIlfQ-HOProS TO I.et
UPPER 2 stories of 3-story brick building.
opposite Berkeley station. 1 block from unl- ,
versity ground*: 8» rooms, arranged to suit
trnant. L1TTLK & WOOLSEY. 2110 Shat-
tuek ave., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'^TTS
OFIICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKUVHT) BXAIt ESTATE.
j HAVE Just completed two new houses, situ-
ated at 1063 and 1065 Market Bt.. near
Twelfth Each house has 7 rooms. bath, i
plate -pla^f windows, open plumbing and !
finished la llnwood. oak and mahogany; very
ctr.tral to both local trains and schools and
btulneaa center. I MUST SELL ONE OF
THEM AT ONCE and will make price very
low and terms easy. They are open for in-
•pection daily and you will find the owner on
?£r property. IF YOU WANT A GOOD
HOME at a low price and on eaey term*,
row i» your chanc«. I
FOR te.lt at a sacrifice — >»w, modern house of
9 rocdi; everyth'.jyr first-class. Including
fence and lawn; lot 50x100 ft.; owner built
house; elegantly furnished; will aell all or
part; easy terms. 6S6 Brockhurit wt.. near
3^3 and Grove ets.. Oakland.
OAKI>AZn> FTTEtNXTTTRE FOB SALS.
TO-MORBOW the day for bargain* in furnl-
turt. H. Schellhaas.llth st.,ccr.itore,Oakland.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
BOOMS rOB^KOTJSEKEEPrWOj^^
CALIFORNIA. 12S0— Two elegant furnished
rtomt; kitchen attached; mcd. convenience*.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunr.y front bay-window
pnon ani kitchen, connecting: reasonable;
r.o cl.ildn-n.
CALIFORNIA. 24S3— 2 or 3 nicely furnished
pjomf for light housekeeping.
EDDV. r.23— 2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
BDDT. S33— 4 finely furn. or unfurn. rooms;
private residence; fine location; phone; ref.
ELLIS. 117S — Sur.ny front alcove and kitchen,
tiath, phene. etc.; rent $20; no children.
FOLSOM. S30— 2 furnished room* for house-
keeping: $11 T*t month; others $6.
FOURTH. 22.". — Nire furnished rooms for houee-
kreiiins: also single.
FULTON. 2-'>3 — Two connecting: rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping: no children.
FIBST. 22S. near Howard — 5 sunny house-
keeping iocro«; business center; rent mod-
crate.
KOLSOM. I7$<7. cor. Fourteenth — 2 sunny bay-
window and resiilar kitchen: furnished for
ncufsekeeplnc; gas and bath: $18.
COUGH, 211 — 3 sunny corner i-nfurnlshed
hruse keeping rooms: gas. bath: adults.
HAIGHT. 2C2 — 3 r.lcely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple: phone; reference*; call
1 to 4. 7 to 9 p. m.
HARRISON. 731— Frcr.t and back parlor; fur-
r.'.shcd for housekeeping; rent $15.
HARRISON. 74S — Large eunnv front parlor fcr
houKkeeping; price reasonable: location good.
H'»WARD. 737 4— Nice front Fuit- of rooms
for housekeeping; reas. ; other rooms.
U< WARD. 1971 — Young ccuple will rent house-
keeping rooms: r.ew. modern and reasonable.
HYDE. 013— Elegant unfurnished parlor
Fuite. with kitchen; ?26 50.
JKSSIE. 3S3— Sunny room, front, furnished
houseke<:j>ir.fir; gra« range; 52 and $3 25 week, j
LILRAHY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine^ —
Hii!:ny. furnished 3-rocm suits: steam heat-
c-d. electric lighted: free bath*; rates reas.
LARKIN, 819'i — Large eunny front rooms;
!i?rtt house keeping If desired; reasonable.
LARKIN, 10C7.ccr.Post— The CraFbura. H.Bur-
lingame.rirop. :rnis..6inc!e & hkpg.apartrnents.
MCALLISTER. &&— Two laree, unfurnished
room* fcr housekeeping. $18; also two par-
lor*, $20.
OAK. ]I7. C.'I8 McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gay range, hot bath; adults.
OTABREUL. 12fi— 2 connecting housekeeping
roorr.5: iarge. sunny: running water: gae I
range : S4: also f ingle. $2. ,
OTAKRELL. 77<J, Let. Hyde and Larkln— 2 I
unfurnished. $15. and 1 single furnished, $10.
OTARRELL. K',S1. near Laguna. Ellis-st. cars
— KuiT.if-hed housekeeping rooms; gas stoves
end every convenience.
OTARRELL, 13S4-12&fi — New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced prices.
PACE. 27S— 2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms for
bcurckf-fptng.
PO?T. 217. r^ar Grant ave.— Lovoly rooms for
light housekeeping; single cr suite.
SACRAMENTO. 1430— Sunny furnished house-
Krppirsp rooms; runn'ng water; gae stoves;
reasonable.
8HOTWELL. 221— Four furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; oarlcr floor; yard; rent reason-
able.
BOUTH PARK. M— Furnished rooms for houfce-
kceplnjr; rent reasonable.
SOUTH TARK. 126— Four unfurnished rooms
Jor houseke«-ping; no children.
FTANYAN. 1111 — 4 large, sunny, unfum. rms.;
pantry, bath, up-to-date house; adults; reas.
THIRD. P.14— Housekeeping rooms $2 and $2 W)
per wefk; also Flet-plng rooms.
TVRK. SIC — rarlor floor of four rooms for
br.u*e.tf*plng: alfo single rooms: gentlemen.
TWELFTH. 232—3 nice connected rooms; com-
Plct*; regular kitchen ; laundry: sunny.
VALENCIA, 732 — Three or four sunny rooms'
HfliluUhefl; Upper flat: no children.
A P. RANCH of rtce cf The Call for the reception
cf njvertltiempnt* and subscriptions has been
opened at I00S Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Oj-'n until 11 p. m.
APAETKE1TT HOUSES.
6T. CECILS, US Fell, above Van~Ness ave —
The acme of perfection In modern elegantly
furnlFhed 3-room apartments, with private
baths. Eteam hpat.elec. light. elev.,gas range
FREDERICK (The). 901 Stanyan— 1 to 6 room
• parts., fur., unfur.: private bath, wteam heat
janitor service; terms reas.; tel. Page 6166.*
OCTAVIA. 51—3 or 4 room apartments furn
unfur. or partly fur.; new; modern very reas!
AI.TAMONT. SE. cor. Washington and Mason—
3-rm. apartments, fur. and unfur.; pri. bath.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfurn.: refs. Trl. East 13S0.
BOOMS TO XiET— Turn, and TTnfura.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. Rooms
:Sc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market et. (or No 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1, $1 50 night-
$1 50 to J10 week: house open all night. '
AVERT. 23. off G*-ary. near Flllmore Sunny
par'or In new flat. $8.
UAKER. 1 1I1 M : — Two furnished rooms for gen-
tli-rm-n.
BLT.NETT, 1428 Market roid No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsh'd roomr. tulle, single; also unfurnished.
. ELEVENTH, 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; referencea,
IZLLIS. 1060— Rooms, single and en suite-
runny; baxh; breakfast. '
KILL&IORE. V2Z— Furnished room to let.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. O. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; all conveniences; $11 &$12.
OKAP.y, 1418 — bunny front room; pleasant
home.
URAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
t o_ $1 2S night; $1 50 to $6 wk.: readlng-rm.
UARRIEOJf. 52*— Bunny furnished ahd hou*e-
keepin; rooms.
HARRISON. 74S— Nice single furnished front
sunny room for lady; price only $6.
HARRISON. 7S4U. nr. 4th— Finely rurnished.
itnny roorng: bath; homelike; $1 we?k up.
ROOMS A^D BOARD WANTED. v
KICK room, including washroom; suitable for
2 gentlemen: breakfast and dinner; reason-
able. 1254 Eddjr at.
NOTTCES.__
The secretary of the St. Francis GirU' Dt-
' rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
! that the following orphan, half-orphan ! and
abandoned boys and pirla have been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
I street from January 1. 1904. to July 1. 1004:
Cctherlnn Mendoza. 2 yrs.; Anne.tta Mendoza.
4 yrs.; Mary Koenig, 11 yrB.; Alexander Con-
wsy. 9 yrs.; Addie Conway. S yr9.; Berdine
! Conway, ¦ 5 yre.: Willie McLaughlin, 7 yrs.;
; Edward McLaughlin. 5 yrs.; Juanita Rulss, 11
yra; ; Flora Healey. 4 yrs. : Margaret Healey,
:: yrs.; Leona Healey, 2 yrs.; Addie Healey, 5
mos.; George Nolan, 6 yrs.; John Nolan, . 5
yrs.; Mary Clark, 10 yrs. 5 mos.: Agnee
Clark. 9 yrs. 8 mos.; Annie Clark. 7 yrs. 5
mos.: Catherine Clark, 6 yrs. 5 mos. ; Madeline
Clark, 2 yrs. 5 mos. ; Margaret Clark, 11 mos.;
I John Arraueer, S yrs.; James Arrausez, 6 yrs.
4 mos.; Winifred Fay, 8 yrs.; Sherman Fay,
f> >rp. ; Eugene Phillips, 5 yra. : Reymond
Phillips, 4 yrs.; Gladys G. Pyles, 6 yrs. 9 mos.:
Lillian Ranken, 7 yrs.: Mary McCIellan, 10
>rs. 5 mo. < Glady M. Connolly. 1 yr. 7 mos. :
Edna Phillips, S yre. ; Fred Farry, 7 yrs. 8
mos.; Albert Farry, 6 years 11 mos.; Louise
Farry, 3 yrs.; David Farry, 1 yr. ; Annie
Wilson. 3 jtf. 0 mos. ; Francis Wilson, 1 yr.
1 9 mos.- May Compton, 6 yrs.; John Comp-
ton. 4 yrs.; Alice Zoe Gere. 7 yrs.; Olive
Anderson, 12 yrs.; Leona Anderson, 11 yrs.:
Mystery Anderson, 10 yrs.: Basline Anderson, 3
yrs. ; Louise Anderson, 8 yrs.; Monrick Ander-
son, 7 yrs.; John Cherllle, 8 yrs.; Louis Cherllle,
6 yrs.; Eleajior O'Brien, 3 yrs.; Joseph Lewie,
6 yrs.; Antore Lewis, 5 yrs.; Annie Cosgrove,
i 7 yrs.; Joseph Coagrove, 4 yrs.; Lena Elster,
9 >tb. ; Oliver E!6ter, 6 yrs. 4 mos.; John
Killing, 6 yrs, 11 mos.; Violet Leighton, 5
yrs. 9 mos.; Irene Leighton, 4 yrs.: Raymond
Leighton 2 yre. 0 mos. ; Ethel Johnson, 9 yrs.
6 mos.; Ellen Gettenby, 11 yr». ; Reta Get-
tenby, 1 yr. ; Mabel Delorey, 6 yre.; Edna De-
lorey. 3 yrs.; Walter Delorey. 1 yr.; Florence
Wall 5 yrs.; Edna Tead, 7 yrs.: Francis Mc-
Donald, 10 yrs.; Camella Mendoza, 11 yro.:
William Mendora. 6 yrs.; Patrick Murphy, 5
yrs. 6 mos. ; Hazel Young, 4 yrs. ; Lena Tam-
brine, 2 yrs.; Laurence Peters, 7 yre.; Frank
Peters. 5 yrs.; Frank Lutz, 7 yrs.: Harold
Ferslon, 2 yrs.; Manuel de Lemos, 6 yrs. 6
moc. ; Norman de Lemog, 4 yrs. ; Viola Kelly, 11 j
yre.; Wllll* Kelly, 6 yrs.; Walter Brown, 8;
yr». ; Antony Simon, 1 yr. ; Lillie Gannon, 7
yrs.: Charley Gudierrez, 2 yrs.; Elizabeth,
Woods. 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Alice McNesby, 5 yra.;
Ellen McNesby 2 yrs.; William Edwards. C
yrs. 2 inos. ; Carrie Wilson. 9 yrs.; Gertrude
Carlson. 9 yrs.: Edward Will. 4 yrs. 1 mo.:
Catherine Newman. 10 yrs. : Elsie Murray. 11
yrs.; Roy Elster. 3 yrs. ; Carol Drexll. 10 yrs.
6 mos.; Harry Drexil. S yrs. 6 rooa.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.,
ltt pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUFFIiIES.
BUY THE BEST— RENT THE BEST.
•You malte no mistake when you buy or
rent a White; you get the best sewing ma-
chine value on earth: we are offering very
special bargains in a lot of new Whites,
slightly shop- worn; they go while they last
at one-half and one-third repular price. City'
offices — 300 Post St.. 1841 Flllmore st and
7CS Valencia st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
VIA VI.
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free; correspondence invited.
VIAVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
DiymENB^NOTICES;
CLAKEMONT OIL COMPANY on August 1.
1904. will pay a dividend (No. 2) of one (lc)
cent per share on its Issued capital, stock.
Transfer books close on Tuesday, July 26,
1904. at I o'clock p. m.
On August 20, 1004, will pay an extra
dividend of one (lc) cent per share on its
issued capital stock. Transfer books close
Monday, August 15. 1004, at 1 o'clock p. m. '
Payable at Its* office, room 731 Mills build-
ing, San Francisco
GEO. J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~
PROPOSALS will be receTved~aTThe" Bureau
cf Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon, Au-
Kust 16, 1K04. and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare island, Cal., and Puget Sound.
-.Wash., as i-Decified, a quantity of sand, fire
brick, trravel, broken stone, lime, red brick,
iron nuts, hinges, nails, screws, chain blocks,
lecks. chain, braes wire, blacksmith's forge,
miscellaneous hardware and handtools, red-
wood. Oregon pine, sugar pine, laths, sheet
brass, brass rod. pig iron, scrap iron. Amer-
ican and Norway bar iron, sheet zinc bar
Eteel galvanized sheet steel. ste«l shafting, j
steam hose, wash-deck hose, garden hose, !
pure sheet mini, packings, turpentine, sperm '
cil. lubricating oils, cylinder oil, petrolatum, :
white z'nc, vermilion, paints, whiting, putty. !
brown glue, gasoline, chemicals, bibb cocks! i
prauge glasses, hydraulic pipe, dry battery
cells, shipping cases and cans, hair brushes,
cieel-wire brushes, buffs, felt wheels, etc..
and foundry facings. Blank proposals will be
furnishec 1 . urton application to the navy pay
offices, Hais Francisco, Cal., and Seattle
Wa«h. H. T. B. HARRIS, Paymaster Gen-
eral. Vt S. N.
PROPOSALS will te received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. Au-
Kust 23. 1304, and publicly opened imme- i
c!iate!y thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards, Mure Island, Cal.. and Pugct Sound.
Wash.; as s-r>ecirted. a quantity of machine
tools, etc.. comprising lathes, grinders, grind-
stones, drill presse. drills, saws, planers, cut-
ters, riveters, punches, retoothing machine,
halr-plckins machine, centering machine, saw
stretcher, sandpaprring machine, box-press-
ing machine, surt-w machine, electric motors
si earn hammer, saw filing: outfit, electric glu<>
heater, soda kettle, drill press vises, nietni
separator, foundry rumh!<?, scales, oven fur-
nace, taps, gauges, vises, etc. Blank pro-"
posals will be furnished upon application to
the navy pay offices. San Francisco Cal., and
Seattle. Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, Paymas-
• ter General, U. B. N.
NOTICE to contractors — Notice is hereby clven
that bids will be received by the City Clerk
of the City of Kureka. California, up to and '
Including August 9, 1904, at 7:30 p m for
the construction of the extension of the 'pres-
ent Fewer system in accordance with tho
plans and specifications on file in this office
Tr.e Council reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
J. P. WUNDERLICH. City Clerk
Dated July 13, 1904. y '
LEGAL APVEBTISEMEirrS.
L J. J. FRAUENKRON. have sold m place
of business at 125 Fourth st. All bills
ajrainst me must be presented for payment
on or before July 23. 1904.
STTTJTTEBIITO^AlirP STAMMEBINO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Va^^Jess^&'"MarkeT
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. S. : private; established a
years in 3. F. Tel. Mint 2026 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Otto Sander. 25, 231 Fourteenth street, and
Magdelena Garben. 25. 231 Fourteenth street
iSSBS^ffiSUSffi^S and Elua -
a'%&$i$£& coulrSS 0 : Bnd mh
o32fi3S£i&£ J st h r n eet 8tr£et - ™«
Martin W. Heenan, 21, 1076 Tennessee
street, and Ellen, M. Sullivan. 18, 107B Ten-
nessee street. .
Charles Aregger. 45, 712 Kearny street, and
P-glna Rohrer. 22. 610 Sacramento street
Mart^ 11^^; fcg. Nat ° ma 8treet ' <and
Nicholas Bone. 38, 1811 Halght street and
Annie Ruesell, 27, New York "
Stuart L. Rawlings, 29.' Oakland, and
Eleanor Warner 23, city
Herbert R. Tincker. 22 2917 Bush street
and Emma A. Decker. 21, 2917 Bush street '
William Sampson. 25. Grass Valley a'nd
Edna I. Dahl. 24. 1272 Page street
Alpbeus T. Eveleth. 26, 312 Van Ness ave-
nue, and Freda E. Bucking. 25, 722% Bryant.
EIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bv
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorizod to have the same published
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ./. .... -.
BORN.
'K'S.ra J a Ul . y on 15 - 1904 ' t0 th -«
WERNER-In this city. July 17. 1004. ' t0 the
wife of Frank Werner, a son.
BIARRIED.
BAKER— NIDEROST— In this city Julv 1«
l«04. by the Rev. Father Connelly Arthur
II. Baker and Alice V. Nlderost" both of this
BENTZEN— ENGER— In this city. July lfi
1904 by the Rev. P. M. Melby. pastorNor-
wegian and Danish M. E. Church. Slirurd
Bentzen and Emille Enger. blBUrd
• p l o,?rR a eyes: n Cal Emlly G " b °^of
MENDOZA— MORELOS— In this city Julv 1
1904. Tirso J. Mendoza of E) Oro. ¦ Mexico
and Ramona Morclos of this city '
MONEZ— MURPHY— In this city Julv 1"
1904. by the Rev. Father Thomas P. MoraiV
Krnest T. Monez of Sacramento and Nellio
Murphy of San Francisco. r-"'"*
."¦ . .'•¦ '¦. .' ../¦¦¦ ¦¦"¦¦•>-¦ : .'¦¦':: ''-•-" '¦_;'. ¦".•*¦':•."'•.'•¦. l :"- f -.' - >: - V--v.
BOOICS TO 7jET — Porn, and TTnfurn.
ELIZABETH. 727 — Cory room; home comforts;
$5 monthly: with breakfast. $9. Leave West
Twenty-fourth-et. cars at Douglass at.
I HARRISON, fcao'.-s— Nice sunny front room;
I $(5 a month. »
j HARRISON. 24CS, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first— $5; sun:i> Iront room.
HOWARD. C4O — Quiet, respectable house for
<;uiet, resp«;table men; clean room, $4 50
month ; sunny front room for 2. $2 £5 week.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 1274. bet. Eighth and Ninth~2 sin-
gle rooms; one $5: one $6: sunny.
HYDE. 919 — Large* front cunny room; nlceljr
furnished. ;
TBBSIK. 363. east U. £. Mint— Large front
room. 2 beds. $S; single, $5 month.
JULIAN ave.. 160, nr. 10th st.— 2 sunny unfur-
nished rooms in rear cottage; rent $9.
LARKIN. 804— Large room; light and sunny;
for gentleman; $5; 2 beds, $7^
¦ MARKET, 1043A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms;
\ hct and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MISSION. 565 — Front room, furnished, $5.
MISSION. 872— A suite of rooms; suitable for
a doctor; rent $25.
NINTH st., 147 — Nice single room; rent reason-
able.
OAK. 389— Nicely furnished front room, with
, gas and bath, fcr one or two gentlemen.
OAK, 407. near Laguna— $1 60 week, new,
bath, quiet, clean, sunny. See Sundays or
6 p. m. week days.
OCTAVIA. 1537 — Bunny furnished room*,
phone, bath, running water; references.
O'FARRELL, 329 — Housekeeping rooms; cheap;
running water: after 11 a. m.
PERRY. 42— Sunny front rooms; reasonable;
gentlemen.
PINE, 827. near Powell — Large sunny furnish-
ed room; running water; 1 or 2 gents; $10.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
' lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cola water: baths.
SIXTH. 240t» — Furnished rooms, day, week or
month: location central and reasonable.
SIXTH. 215H— 4 unfurpished rooms to let; no
children.
STEVENSON. 7974. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
nished room. $5 month.
i SUTTER. 622 — Sunny front rooms, with hot
and cold water; bath; also single rooms.
TAYLOR, 515B— Handsome sunny room:
suitable 2; $10; large front parlor, piano, $1.*>.
TEHAMA. 481— Furnished rooms to let; double
or sincle.
TENTH. 2S2 — A front bay-window room, fur-
nished; rent $«.
THE ST. KATHRYN.
NE. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
ROOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS; HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERY
ROOM: ELEVATOR SERVICE; MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter, near Grant
ave. — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water: baths free; $3 to $6 per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day :electrlc elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices on
the first floor to let: furnished rooms in suite
or single, by the day. week cr month; tran-
sient solicited.
THE Launston, 110 Eddy, opp. Ttvoll — Nice
fur. rms.; best transient house: lowest rates.
THIRD. 135 — Nice single room; rent reaeon-
able.
TURK, 1147. near Jefferson sq. — Elegant new
sur.ny apartments; adults; ref. Apply 10 to 4.
2 OR C furnished or unfurnished rooms to let;
near Twenty-fifth and Shotwell sts.; In pri-
vate family. Box 3289, Call.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
room«. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $S week;- elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 71 — 2 large rooms; sun all day;
fine view. Phone Fell 1041.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth St.— Rooms from 15c
to $1 per night and from 90c to $5 per week.
VALENCIA. 960 — Sunny front room in private
family for young lady: breakfast if desired.
VAN NESS ave.. 31— Nice furnished rooms;
good location; prices reasonable.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b»en
opened at 1008 Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada rme year for $1.
BOOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL BEAU-
TIFULLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST
CORNER OF VAN NESS AVE NOW
THOROUGHLY RENOVATED AND
EQUIPPED WITH ALL THE LATEST IM-
PROVEMENTS, IS READY TO RECEIVE
GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS AVE., COR. GEARY ST.
HOTEL REPELIER. 781 Sutter— Suits, with
board for two $50 per month up; single,
with board, $25 up; «also rooms without
board.
6ELECT family in best part of Western Ad-
dition would like two refined gentlemen to
room and board: pleasant and homelike;
refs. exchanged. Address box 270S, Call.
EDDY. 1254 — Nice room, including washroom;
for 2 gentlemen; breakfast and din-
ner: reasonable.
BARTLETT. 418 — Large, sunny room, well fur-
nlsh«Hl; running water; pleasant location:
board.
PINE. 1C9S — Nicely furnished buIU, single
rooms; excellent table; private; phone Polk
3001.
THE COMORA — large lawn, sunshine all
around: a billiard-room; a gooa chef and
courteous attention. 621 O'Farrell st.
FILLMORE, 1007— Fine . furnished rooms;
sunny, convenient Bnd modern; table board.
BUSH, 804 — Comfortably furnished room, suit-
able for two; bath; board.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
Funny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
ELEGANT sunny front room; modern; private
family; first-class board. 1203 O'Farrell st.
ELLIS. 453 — Nicely furnished rooms with
board: rrasor.able; also French table, board.
FRANKLIN. 11C5 — A pjeasant sunny suit
of rooms with board.
OOUGH. 1120, nr. O'Farrell— Excellent board;
sunny rooms; home cooking; $4 50 and $5.
GEARY, 1212— Sunny front bay-window and
single room with board; running water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1046 — Sunny front rooms
for 1 or 2; bath; phone; good board.
HOWARD, S11A — Fir.n-class board and room.
ring*.e or doutle. $5-$6 wk.; American family.
TURK. 822 — Nicely furnished funny rooms and
board; reasonable.
Stevemon Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
California — See rooms. learn prices. try table
STOBAOE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storese & Van Co.: furniture]
household goods etored. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard Et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Xtit; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st •
phon* Mint 2341; JOHN F. COOPER, prea',
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
rice Post and Powell sts.; tcl. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and me.rchan-
dlse. :a3 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made, iio
Mission Bt.; tcl. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore 8 t.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Ft., tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rateg.
TYPEWKTEES AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
Mgher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND tMrf>wrlterB sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inepec Co.. 60S Market.
DIED. /;.
Anderson, Anton E. Hoffmann, Regina
Apple. Lena Kelly. Patrick C.
Ball. Horatia O Laman, Dora
Bernstein, Mrs J. McCeney. Julius C.
Broderlck. Thomas MarggraC Charles
Brown. Joseph Michael. Lornz
Burrows. Thomas Oeverndiek. John F.
Crawford. Alice Sweeney. William E.
Crocker, Henry S. 1 Ulrtch, Charles
Doran. Margaret Wiley. Daisy M. •
Hartmann. George
ANDERSON— In Emeryville. July 17. 1904.
Anton E.. beloved husband of Maren Junetto
Anderson, and stepfather of Mrs. F. Elwood
and Mrs. C. Becker, a native of Frederick-
stad, Norway aged 36 years 1 month and
24 days.
K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m.. at
the parlors of Craig Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gate avenue, between Polk and Lar-
kln streets, under the auspices of Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective Association, Local
No. 224. I L M. & T. A. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
APPLE— In this city July 18. 1904. Lena,
dearly beloved daughter of the late William
W. and Sarah Apple, a native Of San Fran-
cisco.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
(Wednesday), July 20 1904 at 10 o'clock,
at her late residence, 727 Grove street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
BALL— In this city, July 10. 1004. Horatla
Orlandia Ball, beloved wife of Gilford Ball,
and sister of Ludle and William Young, a
native of Mayesvllle Mason County. Ken -
tucky. aged 38 years 10 months and 24 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
Thursday at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 420 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkin streets.
BERNSTEIN— In Santa Rosa, July 18. 1904.
Mrs. Josephine Bernstein, beloved mother of
Mrs. Mendelson, Harry Bernstein and Miss
Sophie Bernstein and grandmother of Hazel
and Stella Mend'elson. a native of Austria-
Hungary, aged 61 years.
CTThe funeral will take place thl«
(Wednesday) morning. Interment Hills of ;
Eternity Cemetery, San Mateo County. Fu- !
neral train leaves Third and Townsend |
streets at 11:30 a. m. |
BRODERICK— An anniversary requiem high j
mass will be celebrated for lie repose of tho \
soul of the late Thomas Brodtrlck, beloved j
husband of Margaret Broderlck, at St. Pat-
rick's Church. Thursday, at 0 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
tenl.
BROWN — Drowned In Alverano, July 17, 1904.
Joseph beloved son of Joseph and the late \
Kate Brown and brother of Marguerite
Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years and a months.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late 1
residence 215 Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's* Church for services at 11 a. m.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
BURROWS— In this city. July 19. 1904.
Thomas Burrows, dearly beloved husband of j
Mary Burrows, and father of Thomas, Mary ¦
and Charles Burrows, Mrs. F. Thogode, Mrs.
W. A. Harrison and the late Robert and .
John Burrows, a native of Ireland, aged 59 I
years. [
(C?'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains j
at tho parlors of Carew & English, 29
Van Ness avenue.
CRAWFORD — In this city. July 19. 1004,
Alice beloved wife of James Crawford, and
mother of James and Alice Crawford, a na-
tive of Virginia, aged 22 yeara.
CROCKER— In this city, July 18. 1904, Henry
S.. husband of Nellie Crocker, and father of
Charles H. Crocker, a native of Troy, N. Y.,
aged 72 years.
C7"Funeral services will be held Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock., at Masonic Temple, corner
of Post and Montgomery streets, under the
auspices of Golden Gate Commandery No.
16. K. T. Interment strictly private. Please
omit flowers.
DORAN— In this city, July 19. 1904. at her
residence, 24 Kissllng etreet. Margaret, relict
of the late Patrick Doran. and mother of j
Mary, Annie, James and Daniel Doran and '
Mrs. M. Leveisa, a native of County An-
trim, Ireland. (Virginia City, Nev., papers
please copy.)
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
HARTMANN— In this city, July 17, 1904.
George, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. George j
Hartmann-. brother of Harry and the late .
Charles Hartmann. nephew of Mrs. A. Hart-
mann of lone, Cal., and cousin of George t
and William Hartmann, a native of Callfor-
nia. ag^d 25 years 2 months and 7 days. j
$.? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 20, 1004, at 12 o'clock m., from .
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors, 1
*!3t> Washlnston street, thence to Foresters'
Hall. 102 O'Farrell street, where services
will be held under the auspices of Court
Star of the West No. 695H. A. O. F.. and
Painters' Union No. 19. Interment Cypress ;
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HOFFMANN— In this city. July 10. 1004, at
her residence. 350 Ivy avenue. Regina. be-
loved wife of the late J. D. Hoffmann.
- mother of Fred L. Oehlert. and sister of
Richard, Frank and Ferdinand Kayser, a
native of Herstelle, Westphalia, Germany,
aged 74 years.
in^Notlce of funeral Itreafter.
KELLY— In this city. July 19. 1904, Patrick
C. Kelly, ex-Senator of Lander County,
Nevada, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McFadden. McBrearty &
Green. 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
i'/id Eighth".
LAMAN — In the City and County Hospital,
July 19. 1904. Dora Laman.
MeCENEY— In this city. July IS. 1904, Julius I
C. McCeney. a native of Maryland, aged 74 I
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 20, 1904. at 11 o'clock, from Pio-
neer Hall, under the ausplcea of the Society
of California Pioneers. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company.
405 Powell street, near Post. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery via electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MARGGRAF— In this city, July 19, 1904.
Chnrlfs, beloved husband of the late Made- I
line Margpraf. devoted father of Cella Mar- 1
tin, and brother of Mrs. A. Loderhosc. .Mrs.
IT. Behrmann. Mrs. S. Vock anJ Joseph
Marggraf, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged
55 years 3 months and 19 days. (Boston, J
Mass., papers please copy.) :
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Thursday), at 1:30- p. m.. from tho parlors I
of H. F. Kuhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street. |
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment ¦
Mount Olivet Cemetery. i
MICHAEL— In this city. July IS. 1901. Lornz I
Michael, beloved husband of Margarethe I
Michael, a native of Osthaem, Hessen, Ger-
many, aged 5S years 2 months and 2 days.
tt^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, July 21. 1004, at Charles J. B.
Metzler's undertaking parlors. 6.'{tf Wash- |
ineton street, /under the auspices of Hessen •
Unterstutzungs Verein, commencing at 2 !
o'clock, thence to Third and Townsend streets
by 3:00 o'clock train. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery- >
OEVERNDIEK— In this city, July 18. 1904,
John Frederick Oeverndiek. beloved son of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Oeverndiek, a native
of California, aged 1 day. /
SWEENEY— In Sulsun Valley, Cal., July 19. j
1904 William Eugene, dearly beloved son of
J. M. and the late Ann Sweeney, and brother .
of Mrs W T. Murphy. Dennis. Joseph, May. j
Ella and 'the late Edward Sweeney, a na- 1
tive of California, aged 23 yeara 10 months j
and 19 days ;
[ETThe funeral will take place from St.
Dominic's Church Benlcia, at 0:30 o'clock
Wednesday morning, July 20. 1004. Inter-
ment In Benlcia Cemetery.
ULRICH— In this city. July 19. 1904, Charles
Ulrich. a native of Germany, aged 68 years
6 months and 12 days.
EfFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, and
thence by electric funeral car to Mount Olivet
Ceme'ery for Interment, leaving Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock.
WILEY— In Oakland, July 19. 1904. Daisy M..
beloved wife of Frank B. Wiley, and mother*
of Norman Wiley, a native of Newcastle,
Cal.. aged 31 years 1 month and 24 days.
HENRY J. CALLACHEr* CO
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher. »_
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth Ft. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-Funeral Directors and Embalmera——
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. -
NOW at 8C6 MISSION. Tel. South 167. \
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «t.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.CHICAGO. July,. 19.— Cash quotations were
as follows: . Flour, quiet and steady; Ne 2
spring wheat. OSc0$l: No. 3. 88&9Cc; No 2
corn. 49%c: No.- 2 yellow,' 50% c; No. 2 oats,
41Uc; No. 3 white. 40<543Wc; No. 2 rye 74c"
good i feeding barley. 354r:S8c; fair to choice
maltlag, 42«i50c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16; No 1
Northwestern. . $1 21%:- prime timothy, seed
$2 05: mess pork, per bbl, $12 8CKgl2 R5- lard'
per 10O lbs. $« 80®6 82%: short rib? sides
OooseV $7 25®7 40; short clear sides (boxed)
$7 25®7 50; whisky, basis of hlch wines, $1 "s'
clover, contract grade. $10 75S11.
Articles — •'.- Receipts. Shipments
Flour, bbls .-•• 16.300 • 10 poo
Wheat, bu ."-? 00 31.800
Corn, bu «o7.K00 180.S00
Oata, hu lSo.fiOO 112 3C0
Ryp. bu .". 74.000 "7(10
Barley, bu *... 22,100 6^00
Cash Grain and Provisions.
NEW YORK. July 19.— The etock market
was rather reactionary to-day up to near the
close and there was a rather general ac
quiescence in this condition on the part of
specu'Mtve operators who have had the leader
ship or the recent demonstrations for higher
prices. The plausible explanation offered for
the «nti«ual restraint on the part of a class
of Individuals rather prone to excew was that
the rise In prices was going too fast fo- lt«
own good and that a reaction wag normally
dUe - V"iu re * rtIon wa « Peking, however, in
some of the normal appearances. The usual
reaction In a bull market Is likely to com"
in a fiurry after a flnal upward resh and
great animation In the trading, duo to the
final measure, of. the leader, to unload tVlr
holdings at a profit. The first wlsL in
prices 13 likely to be correspondingly ?harn
with the withdrawal of artificial fwp&rt ?h#
rush of belated holders to save lo«— o^S
the sudden turn upon the market 0? succ?-.
ful operators who hav- realized their d^ZK
and are eager to further the reaction fm- f
profitable turn on the short side or to facilitate
the recovery of long holdings at 1 „«!
level. Bnt to-day", market showed a undencv
to lapse Into dullness qulck!y at sllrht v£
cllne. and the professional bear, wfrl ««*
parcntly very timid about making an attack
on pric«s. Some quite vigorous support *».
offered at the opening decline and the later
market ehowed the -sustaining effect of sornn
new .points of strength whici were developed
Thert was little In the Cay"* news that was
of material affect on prices. • The opening de
clis», however, wes a plain reflection of the
Lcadon market caused by the incidents la the
Nczv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 10.— Money on call, easy;
highest, l\i per cent; lowest. 1; ruling rate,
1%; last loan, lc; closing bid, lc: offered at
1; tliR#"money. easy; Co days, 2@2U; 00 days
2MC2%; six months, 3)463%.
Prime mercantile paper, 3%&4 pc r cent;
sterling exchange, firmer, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4.S71tM&4.8715 for de
mand, and at $4.S435^4.8445 for sixty days.
Posted rates, *4.S5©4.8t> and S4.8S; commer
cial bills. $4.84%.
Bar silver. 58V4C.
Mexican dollars, 45%c. "" : J •'
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds
Irregular.
New York Money Market.
EASTERN 3IAEKETS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Spot rates remain un
settled and largely nominal at about 17s 6d0
20s. usual European options. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has'a registered tonnage
of 9342, against 20.600 tons on the same date ¦
laet year; disengaged, 86,150 tons, against 77,- !
600; on the way to this port, 238,430 tons,
against 302.450.
WHEAT — Th* foreign markets were net ma
terially changed. Broomhall, In his weekly
crop report, gives the condition of the Euro
pean crop as follows: United Kingdom, ;
weather hot conditions fair; France and Ger
many, too hot and dry, with some complaints
from France: Bulgaria, good; Roumanla. spot
ted; Hungary, rather short yield; Russia, out
look indifferent; Italy, below expectations;
Sweden 70 per cent of an average crop. .
The American Government weekly report
say* the weather Is better for harvesting and
conditions are somewhat Improved.
Chicago was H&c lower, with the Southwest
heavy selrers.
This market was firm on the spot and easy
to arrive, with a disposition to . sell. Futures
were rather weak.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $t 32>.4@1 3S%; California
White Australian, $1 52Vj®1 57V4; Northern
Club, $1 32Va®l 37%; Northern Bluestem,
$1 52%©1 55 per cU.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 33«i *1 33% $1 3314 $1 33%
2 p. in. Session.
Open. High. . Low. . Close.
December ...$l 33% ?1 33% $133% $133%
BARLEY — Country speculators are chasing
over the Sacramento Vallejland buying heavi
ly, paying $1 lO®! 17V4. Port Costa basis.
This is more than the grain will bring in this
market. No San Francisco houses are engaged
In this buying. The^ demand for brewing here
has completely ceased, owing to the brewery
etrike. Feed rules steady at the quotations.
There was a marked advance In futures In
** aftero °° n - CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1©1 02^; new Brewing and Shipping,
$105®112Vi; Chevalier, nominal."
FUTURES.
,' Session 0 to 11:30 a. rn.
' Open/ High. Low. Close.
December ...»1 OlVi H 02 $1 01tf $1 02
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 03 $103% $103 $103%
OATS — There" Is nothing new, receipts and
stocks being moderate. New Reds are quoted
firm at $1 15(01 30 per ctl.
CORN— Dullness still prevails, and quota
tions have shown no material change for eomo
Western sacked. $1 45©1 47% for Yellow,
$145®147% for White and $145 for Mixed;
California Large Yellow, $1 4531 50; small
round do $1 SO^l CO; White, $1 45©1 50 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 30@l 85 for White and $1 25
el 30 for Brown.
RYE— Quiet, but Bteadlly held at $1 20>3>l 30
for new and $1 3001 32% for old.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7502 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. ¦ ;"
The millers report an average . demand for
everything/ under this. head. Quotations re
main as for some little time past.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 90, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 OOS'i SO;
Wheat and Other Grains.
CHICAGO, July 10. — Initial quotations were
at sharp decline.". September wheat being
down ?ie^c to at 88«4c to 88%c. On
the break there was considerable covering by
shorts, but the demand was not ,heavy enough
to cause another slump. Later the market re
covered much of the early loss as the result
of the buying induced by prospects of a big
decrease In the world's visible supply.
Strength of corn also was a supporting factor.
Within the last half-hour, however, the mar
ket again became weak on heavy liquidation,
and the close was almost at the low point.
Final figures on September were 87%@87%c.
July sold between lij'-jc and 07 Vic and closed
at the bottom.
September corn opened Vie to %<Q\{c lower
at 48{4<£M9c. *old between 4S-}ic and 40Uc and
closed at 49 Vic.
On active support from bull leaders oats
held Bteady in the face of the weakness of
wheat. The market closed practically at the
high point. September opened unchanged to
VlC higher at 32% c to 32%c. ranged between
32^c and 33VSc and closed 33@33^c.
Some strength was displayed In provisions
early on the strong hog markets, but enough
liquidation developed to cause slight losses In
all products. At the close September pork
was a shade lower at $12 00; lard was down
2%6c at SO J»2Vi: ribs were a shade lower at
$7 r»7X4©7 GO.
Th« leading futures ranired as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat; No. 2 —
July, old 0794 07% 06 9«
July, new 07V t 97% ' 05^4 1>5VJ
September, old. M% P8&A «<<% RS
September, new. SSVa SSVi * 87** 87%
Corn, NO. 2—
July 45»Vi 49Ti 4S% 4HVi
September 49 4t>% 4S}; 49^4
December 45V4 45% 44% 45%
Oat*. No. 2 —
May 34% 33U 34^ 35
July 39% J» T * 30'4 S9ft
September 32% .T.m 32>i 33%
December MM 33% 33 33%
Mess - pork, per bbl —
July 12 S2% 12 82^ 12 82J4 12 «Vi
September 12 05 12 97>i 12 00 12 90
October 12 02% 12 02^ 12 90 12 90
Lard, per 100 'lbs —
July.... ;.0«2& 6 8214 6 82*4 6 82V4
September « !>5 « »» OO2V4 6 92'1
October 7 02% 7 02J4 6 07Va 7 00
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July '. . . 7 40
September ..... 7 B2VS 7 C2!4 7 r.7^ 7 60
October 7 «5 7 CR 7 62Va 7 65
Future Grain and Provisions.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 50<B2 50 per
box for Valenclas and $1 50<S?2 for Mediterra
nean Sweets: Lemons, $2 25J&2 73 (or fancy
$1 5001 75 for . choice and $1©1 25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit. $15002 50; Mexican Limes
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $1 2.'«82 50 per
bunch for Central American and $1©2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 50^2 50 p«r dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— $4©« per chest for Long
worths and J2O4 for the larger varieties
LOGANBERRIES— $3fN 6O per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— *283 SO per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10®12},c per lb.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates. 60*?00c-
In bulk. S30SWO per ton.
APPLES— $1 25©1 50 per box for fancy. 83c
©1 25 for choice and 60®75c for common
PEARS— Bartlett. 75c«$l for wrappwl- In
open boxes. 75-goOc for No. 1 and S5S5«e per
box for No. 2; small green varieties 40«50c
per . small box or basket and 75c for open
boxes.
PEACHES— 53©60c per box: baskets. 40<£Cic
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 60«75c per crate
and 25® 40c per box: baskets. 2.">«J50c.
FIGS — 5O0«Oc for drawer, $1 75®2 for double
layer boxes and $2 2562 50 for lance boxes
• MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 25©2 per crato
for Coachella and $1 for Fresno; large crates
from the river, $2 50; Nutmeg Melons from the
river. $1 2501 50 per box. from Fresno. 65c
per crate; Watermelons. $1 COQ3 per dozen
GRAPES— Seedless, $1 2S®1 50 per bcx or
crate: .Fontalnbleau. 50®75c per crate; other
varieties. $1©1 2.1 per crate.
The fruit market was liberally supplied with
most descriptions and there was an abundance
of low grade stock pressing fcr sale at Irregu
lar prices. Good, hard offerings of Plums and
Prunes -were wanted for shipment north and
readily commanded full figures, and wrapped
yellow Peaches, suitable for shipment, sold up
to 65e a box. an advance. Shipments of early
Peaches from the river districts have about
ceased and the market Is gradually working
around Into good shape. Bartlett Pears were
still plentiful and ruled weak at lower prices,
although trade was moderately active. The
canners were buying No. 2 stock at the quo
tations and offering $30 per ton for the best
stock. Occasional sales of Plums In bulk were
reported for canning account at prices ranging
from $20 to $25 per ton. Apricots in bulk con
tinued firm and active, with the canners pay--
Ing as high as $33 per ton for the best stock.
Strictly fancy offerings from Martinez sold In
small parcels to the regular trade at 2*4c per
pound, but 2c was the ruling price for offerings
from other sections. Grapes were in free sup
ply, but offerings were Mostly small and sour
and found few buyers. Cantaloupes and Nut
meg Melons from Fresno were mostly green
and sold slowly at easier rates, while offer-
Ings from other sections moved freely at good
prices. Stocks of Watermelons were light and
prices were well maintained. Red Nectarines
were lower at $1 per crate, while the white
variety were awaiting a buyer at any price.
Receipts of Blackberries were suddenly heavy
and lnclvdcd a great many . chests of poor
quality from the Sebastopol region, which
dragged at the minimum quotation. The other
Berries were In good request and unchanged.
Supplies of Citrus fruits were light, but ample,
and all prices stood as before.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The matket remains abovt as before statei.
Good Peef Is rather scarce, but poor Is plen
tiful. Mutton Is weak at the recent decline and
Sheep are now beginning to come In from Ne
vada In small lots. There Is no scarcity in
Veal. Small Hogs are plentiful and In Hmlte.i
dpmard. while hard grain-red have net yet be
gun to arrive freely.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rate3 from slauzhterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5£7c for Steers and 4g6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7QSc; small. R4KV per lb
MUTTON — Wethers. 7«,e<cT Ewes. 73^
per lb.
LAMB— JKIlOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 64«st^c per lb
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations ar- for good sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco less 50
per cent »hrinka«<? for Cattle:
ers. Siaft^Hc: thin Cows. 4«3c per lb
iW'VFS—in-i^c per lb l*ross w»l s at>.
bilEEP- Withers. -Sh^^c; Ewes. 32-Jlie
per lb (gross weight). *
LAMBS— $2 6(*r2 73 per head.
HOGS— Live Hcgs. 140 to 2fO lbs 4*i«l-«c
200 to 230 lbs. 4^c; 1.10 lbs and under 4 We :
over 250 lbs. 4Hc: soft Hogs, nominal: 8ow«"
20 per cent oft: Boars. 50 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above, quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. S^c; San Quentln $3 40-
Wool Bags. ."MV^32c: Fleece Twine 7*,c- Fruit
Bags. 6hO7»4o fcr white and 7c for 'brown
Jute.
CANNED FRUIT — Prices show son*,
changes. #sp*ctally in Peacbe*. som« quota
tions havlnc b*en withdrawn by th« associa
tion. The California Fruit Canners* Associa
tion quotes the following prices for tho 1D<>1
pack:
~*2 3 2 9~
cr £» c a
FRUITS. a g" \ f
a pp, !m $1 m:ii 3o;$i 20m 19
. Do peeled 1 Do] 1 C5 ...
Do sliced 1 90t 1 65 .
J»*<* berrl »» ••• i eo; i ss i 23 i'ii
Cherries. Royal Anne.. 2 10 I 80 1 «j i 35
Do white SCO 165 ISO
Do black ISO 1 «3 1» l'jo
Grape*. Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 »%
Nectarines 160 125 115 1 OS*
Peaches. Yellow 173 1M 123 \u
Do. Lemon Cling. ira 14O
Do, I* C. sliced 1 BO
Do. White H»ath i'^A
Do. W. H.. ailed ...I i'« i^>
Pears. Bartlett 1 SO 1 (O 1 40 1 SI
Plums, Green Gags .... 1 33 1 10 1 00 SO
Do. Egg 1 25 1 10 1 00 OO
Do. Golden Drop .... 1 S5i l 10 1 00 SO
Do. Damson 1 40| 1 15 1 05 1 00
Raspberries 2 50(225 100 190
Strawberries 2 00} 1 75 1 e0| 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-n>
standards. 67 H ©70c : gallon standards $2 O53>
2 10; 3-lb solid pack. 37 Vj^OOc: Green Pea*—
Baby ©etlts pols. $1 50; oetits pois, II S3; ex
tra sifted. $1 15; standard sifted. $1; standards.
65c: Marrowfats. 82»>jc; gallon sifted. $1 23;
gallon standard, $3 73 f. o. b. San Francisco.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. $3: Seattle. $S 50; Bryant. $A 50: B«aver
Hill. $5 60; Standard. $7: Ro«lyn. «7; Coos
Bay. $5 CO: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk aad $14 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 SO; CanoeL $3 60 per ton; Coke. $11 50913
per ton In bulk and $13 la sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb.
4%c; cases, regular. ft%e: eaaes. extra large.
•*4C: Eastern style. 6^4c: boneless. «Uc: •'Nor
way," 6V»c; "Narrow Gauge." ««4c; "Silver
King." 7*<»c; blocks. "Oriental," 6Uc: blocks.
Meat Market.
New York on Mexico { 216
Berlin on. London .20 43%
Paris tn London 25 10^
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 R5H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87H
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8SV3
New York Exchange, eight — OS
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . O7I3
Silver, per ounce — 5S}i
Mexican Dollars 46 @ 47
INTERNATIONAL.
LOCAL.
Silver was lower and European Exchange
higher.
Exchange and Bullion.
New York Exports.
NEW YORK. July 19. — Exports of general
merchandise from the p°rt of New York for
th» week ending July 19 were valued "at
JS.114.368.
Chicago. Board of Trade.
NEW YOUK. July 10. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by the
Bradstrfets »how the following changes in
available supplies, as compared with last ac
count:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease 1.2ftO.0<*>: afloat for and In
Europe. d<»creased 4,500,000; total supply, de
creased 5,700,000.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 773,000.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 1.12fi,0O0.
Available Grain Supply.
CHEESE— OljftVie for choice mild new and
P'iJS'^c for lower grades; Young Americas 11O
llHc; Eastern. 10fM3c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 232^50 for fair to choice
store, 19©22Hc; Eastern. 20©22«aO for flxsU
and 17@19c for seconds.
Conditions remain as before stated. Butter
continues weak, with stocks large and the de
mand very slow. Some dealers find themselves
obliged to place a good portion of their sur
plus In the lcehftuse. Cheese Is weak and plen
tiful, as f,ar as flats are concerned, while Young
Americas are in moderate supply and firm at
th* recent advance. Eggs are derldedly easy,
with a general desire to sell. Th» supply Is
about all that the market can take care cf at
present
Receipts were 14S.10O lbs Butter, 1404 cases
Kt-c? and 710O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 21c for
extras and 2Oc for firsts: dairy. 17©2Oc: store
Butter, 14«l«c; Eastern creamery. l94@20c;
Eawetn ladle-packed. 1 IfiloVic per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Iron closed at 51s «d In Glasgow and at 43s
6d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron is quiet: No.
1 foundry Southern is quoted at $14 5O@15;
No. 2 foundry Northern at $13 75@14 23; No.
1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry South
ern soft at $12 T.Vy IP. 25.
Lead ruled firmer abroad, closed at a slight
advance at £11 12a ttd. The local market was
firm also and a little higher with spot quoted
at $4 ::r"./4 35.
Spelter was firm and unchanged at $4 S3©
4 00 In the local market and at £22 2s 6d In
London.
NEW YORK, July 19. — The London tin mar
ket was firm and a little hither with spot
closing at £119, 13s 9J and futures at £120.
3s 9d. Locally they remained quiet and with
offerings somewhat larger ruled easier. Spot
closed at $20 ir»!r; 20 .>&.
Copper was firm in IiOndon, closing at £57
13s «d for spot and £57 12s 6d for futures.
Here the market was firm, but without quota
ble change. I-ake is held at ?12 75f?l."?: elec
trolytic, $12 <32V>£'12 75, and casting $12.37y><i?
12 50.
New York Metal Market.
GAME-^Wild Doves. C0fT75c per dozen: Har<».
$161 25 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $1 75
per dozen.
No more Western Poultry was received and
the two cars tnat came in on Monday wer«
cleaned up. Offerings of domestic stock con
sisted chiefly of small young chickens, which
were very weak, and young Rocsters and Fry
ers were quoted lower. Full grown young
Roosters would have found ready sale at a
substantial premium had there been any avail
able. Game was in light receipt and Wild
Doves brought firmer prices, while Hare and
Rabbits were steady at unchanged rates.
POULTRY— Live Turkev«. l»@15c p*r lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 25®1 50: Goslings. SI 25^
1 50; Ducks. $4®-* 50 per dozen for old and
$4©5 for youni?; Hens. $5'jr. .'-"» for large and
$15O<35 for small: young Rocsters. $8 50^87 50;
old Roosters. ?1*?4 50; Fryers. $4@5; Broilers.
$2yC©3 30 for large and $232 50 for small:
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen fcr old and $1 25@1 50
for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
Carson 20.80 02 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eurtka 29.92 B2 50 NW Clear .00
Fresno 2a. 72 luti 62 NW Clear .O<>
S. 12.Farallonl».S» 55 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fingitaft 29.74 SS 48 NE Cloudy .00
Pocatello 2».fc2 82 62 W Clear .00
Independence .29.78 &t> 03 SE Clear .00
Lcs Angeles.. 29^4 80 5S SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.2y.S3 J>8 64 NE Clear .00
North Ht-ad..St».O4 <W 54 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 2».6O 106 82 W Pt.Cldy T.
Point Reyes. .'J». 84 57 43 NW Foggy .00
Portland 29.t>6 £6 58 NW Clear .00
Ked Blurt 23.74 104 70 SE Clear .00
Ro«eburg ....20.90 00 52 N Cl«-ar .00
Sacramento ..20.76 98 62 SW Clear .00
bait Lafc» 2S.KS 92 60 NW Clear .Otf
Pan Franctsco.2y.SS 6tf 52 W Clear .00
S L. Obispo..23.h8 78 48 N Clear .00
Ean Diego 29. S2 70 02 NW Clear .00
Seattle 3>>. 14 74 54 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.12 SO 52 N Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.14 58 58 NE Clear .00
Walla Walla.30.04 SS 52 NE Clear .00
! Wir.nemucca .20.S2 92 68 W Clear .00
I Yurr.a 29.6S 106 74 SE Clear .00
! WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. . FORECAST.
Murh v.-arm weather prevails over the
j western half cf the country. In the San Joa
quin and Sacramento valley* there has been
a rise cf C degrees or more In temperature,
an.l for the first time in many days tije- tem
peratures are about Mi degrees warmer than
the normal this period.
San Francisco is the coolest place in Cali
fornia and probably in the whole country.
Afternoon temperature in the interior range
from 06 to I0»i decrees. The highest temper
ature at San Francisco is only 66 degrees.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, but ehowers may occur In the country
between the Colorado and the Rio Grande.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours*, ondlng midnipht. July 20:
Northern California— Fair WednPsMay: con
tlr.ufd warm weather in th» interior; fog on
the coast; light north winds inland; 'brisk
westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday
light sruthwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday: continued warm,
possibly thunderstorms in the afternoon.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; brisk westerly winds with fog.
A. G. MeADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit ar.d Wheat Bulletin.
For th* twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m
l-'th mcriJian time. San Francisco, July 19:
ifili * II
STATIONS. 5. = o * ? =
5 5 "* 2 3 =
'• • 3 ? V%
• • & 7 UK
CIiv*-rdale 100 51 Clear .00
Colusa 1»7 fft Clear .0<>
Eureka *T1 50 NW Clear .00
Fresno \<<t> 62 NW Clear .00
Jlar.ford 104 fV> Clear .00
HolliFtf-r SQ 50 Clear .00
Indcr*ndence }«i 06 PE Clear .00
King City M 45 N Clear .00
Livermore Kirt M Clear .00
lx:s Ar.geles 80 M EW Clear .00
Merced 105 55 Clear 00
Napa fc4 52 Clear .00
Newcastle 102 71 W Cl«ar CO
Nevi-man lf»> 64 Clear 00
Palermo 104 <J4 .... Clear O>
Porttrville 104 04 W Clear 00
Red Btaff lfU 70 SE Clear .00
Riverside ft« 55 .... Clear .00
Sacramento US 62 EW Clear .00
San I)i«Ko 70 fi2 NW Clear .»•
fan Francisco eo 52 W Clear .Vt
|an .Tos» ss 51 Clear .00
San Luis Obiupo 76 48 N Cl-ar 00
Santa Maria 77 54 .... Clear 00
Santa Rosa ST. 47 .... Clear .00
Stockton !>5 76 Clear .00
"Willows 101 C5 S Clear .00
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
"« lllc.ws— Small farmers finished harvesting.
Colusa — Grapes in good condition; yield will
SanuL Maria— Barley thrashing came to twen
ty eacks per acre; oats a little lf-ss.
San Jose— Peaches ripening very good
HollJster— Hay yielding 10 r-r cent better
than lart year and better quality .
Palermo — Orange crcp developing' nicely and
will be larger than last year.
Napa— Hay turning out better than ex-
J*M-t«M.
Lfv«>rmore — All eraln yielding poorly
Newman — Grasshoppers ctill dolne a rmi
deal of damage. '
Cloverdale— Cannery cannot operate on ac
count of small fruit cron.
Stockton— Drying and canning peaches in full
swing; peaches of excellent quality.
Hanford — FlrM of new crop dried peaches b»
in»r l>rought to packing-houses
King City— High morning fog; light, cool
afternoon winds. I
A. G. MeADIE.
LIVERPOOIj.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 21 10 21 45
Closing 2110 21 5O
Flour —
Opening 28 60 28 65
Closing 2S 55 23 70
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 19. — There is a heavy de
mand in the wool market, with trading marked
by something of a feverish tone. This Is
due to the desire of dealers and users to con
trol the latest clips at tha lowest prices which
the high market affords. There Is a general
buying of territory wools, especially Al me
dium and low grades. Territory wools are
firm. Pulled wools are quiet, with small
offerings. Ouotatlons:
Idaho — Fine, 17©18c; heavy, fine. 14315c;
fine, medium. 17#lSc; medium. 10S2Oc; low
medium. 20®21c. * •
Wyoming — Fine. 16<817c; heavy, fine, 14®
15c; fine, medium. 17018c; medium, lS@20c;
low medtum, 20<922c.
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 16^«17i'ic; heavy,
fine', 14gl5Hc; fine, medium. 17@lSc; medium,
20(ff21c; low medium, 21<3"23e.
Montana — Fine, choice. 20321c: fine, average,
l!>S20c; fine, medium choice,' 20U21c: average,
18Q20c; staple, 21@22e; medium, choice, 22
©2:sc.
Foreign wool sold firm. In sympathy with
strong conditions abroad.
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS. July 19.— Wool, steady: medium
grades, combing and clothing. 24g24ftc; light
fine, 10@lSc; heavy fine. 12&13c; tub washed,
83c.
/Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 19.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, CCc; bluestem. 7."o: valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 19.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 75c: club. 67c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 19— Clearings,
$857,704: balances, *653,522.
TACOMA, Wash.. July 19. — Clearings,
8311,1187: balances. «39.12fi.
TORTLANP Or.. July 10. — Clearings, $567.
70.°.: balances. $144.2M».
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 19. — Clearings,
$35S.O52: balances, $20,120.
Foreign Futures.
HOPS— Nominal at 200274c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1004 crop ar» Quot
ed at 17 H O20c.
HIDES AND SKIN'S— Culls and brands sell
about Weic under quotations. H?avy Halted
ste«rs. »V»c; medium. »H«9c; light. SffHUc-
Cow Hides. 818MI3C for h»wvy and Sf?8i,c for
llfcht; Stags. Be: Salted Kip. »c; Salted TltL
lCc: Saltfd Calf. 104«Mle: £rr Hides lttc
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shear
lings. 2jtN«e each: shcrt Wool. 40«65o each
medium. 7350Oc: long Wool. fl@l 5«: Horss
Hides, salt. $2 75 for large and $2t?2 5O for
mM'um. $1 25«1 73 for small and 50o for
Colts. Hor?e Hides, dry. $1 75 for lar*. anJ
*l ••» for medium. $101 25 for small and 5«c for
Colts. Buck Sklns^ — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 23c: dry Central American. GO
&32Hc. Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 73c; ex
tra large do. $1 25: large and smooth. 50c; me
dium. 35c: small. 2Cc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4Ue per IV
No. 2. 3He: grease. 2^e^lc.
WOOL— Spring Clip-Humbol.it and Mendo
clno, l.tflOc: Han Jnaquin and Southern 12
months". 10U12C; do 7 months'. Otrllc per lb-
Middle Counties. lC#17c for free and 12f 15c
for defective; Northern. IG-JJlSc for free an 4
11816c for defective; Nevada, 13»I6c accord
ing to condition.
Hops ar«- more or lew nominal, and th* con
ditlcn of the crop la about th« only feature of
lnterert at the moment. Late mail advices frrcm
New York say: "Cable advices from London
reduced estimates of th» yield of tha English
crop from SCO. 000 cwt. to 4.'>0,000 cwt. and
cable advices also were received saying that th«
crop outlook on the continent was leas brilliant
Mian recently. Advices from the coast con
tinued to report dry weather In Oregon an.l
Washington, but claimed that the crop was with
standing the effects of the drouth well. The
lecal market was about steady: sales were re
ported of two small lots of prime State- hops
at 2Dc."
There Is nothing new In Wool. The market
Is closely cleaned up and the outlook «<• very
good for the forthcoming Fall clip, which wril
appear In tie course of two or three weeks.
The situation la very strong.
Hides ar* as previously quoted and conditions
show no change.
Hides, Tallow, Wool- and Hops.
rOTTOLENE— One half barrel. »»ic: three
half barrels. S^c: on^ tierce, SH«; two tierces
8c; five tierces, 7T»c per lb.
The market continues dull and not mate
rially changed, both here and In th* W>»t.
Brokers' wires from Chicago yesterday said:
'•Nothing definitely new in regard to stock
yard strike, but there seems a possibility of
It spreading. In the meantlm* the market is
purely a waiting on*, with business small and.
Indicative of nothing else."
CL'REP MEATJi-'Bacon. ltV per lb for
heavy. lOt^c fcr lteht medium. 12^c for light.
13Hc for extra light and 16c for sugar-cur**!;
Eastern srjgar-cured Hams. l.iHc: California
Mams. 12**c; Mwi Beef. $ld?10 50 per bbl:
extra Mess. $11«11 5«">; Family. J12312 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $21 : Mess
$1T5O: Dry Palted Pork. 9>4c: Pig Pork. $21;
Pigs" Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb
I"VRD — Tierces quoted at fit^jc per'lb for
common and 9c for pure; half- barrels pur»,
fti-ic; 10-lb tins. »»ic; 5-lb tins, 8%c; S-ib tins.
10f.
Provisions.
Mai! »: .~r, from New York say: "The
tntrWet r»rc«jn*d <;vii»t. T7ith buyir.s for the
truist part regulated by the actual Email r»-
C-'-remestj cf the ooatst so far as spot goods
*er* cacc^rseu. »h;!e interest in futures was
llir.UwJ. In the cafe cf aprlccts and peaches
the view* oi sellers are generally iieli by
tr-yers to be fclther than actual conditions
Currant. *r.& there is therefore a disposition
to »-ithhoM, orjers ur.Ul the gi>ods are needed.
lr. the hc;>» that sera* concessions from pres
ent' quoted f-rur^s wil! be made. Advices
Trcia the coast, however, give no hint of a
<¦. 5 posit ion en the part of sellers to realize
th:s exjwt*?icr.. The movement tn epct Cal
ifornia prjr»s is li?ht. and while supplies
l;»t» are cctrparaf ively email prices quoted
chow a ccr.FiJ«rat)le range, which is attributed
t/> the wjfle variation in quality of the stock
on offer. California prunes are said to be
fthewirg ursusua'ty poor keeping qualities this
(caikm, mfctch evza* believe is due to too heSvy
dipping. Our quotation* are for the best cooJf.
Th» irjrk't -tr future Hama Claras ha.s a
*r-ak undertone. While Frrne packers hol-i
em for a 2UC and *-v<.-n a ~ l ic fcnMs, there
It r.r> difficulty :n buying at 2c. In fact, it
It reported that oJTerir.g!= on that basis are
Jncrtabir.fcly fret. Several sales (tt 40-OOi- alone
for October shipment en a 2c basis were re
ported yfs-frday. but th»re seemed to be little
If ar.y interest shown in aps^nment? for for-
delivery. The California raisin situa
tion of>r«i3 r.o rew feature. Importe-3 kinds
"*—Te firm ur.Jer a fair demand and decreased
supplies."
The Wait her and Crops.
Tti« »-**k1y report of A. G. McAai». section
director (¦'. tr:* 1 climate and crop service of
the Wcathtr Buri au. is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Abnormally cool weather prevailed during
the uxrk in all parts of lh« State. Lipfct
ruin :» !1 in ciary place* from Pan Francisco
r.' rtbwwd and log* mere frequent In the coett
<Jimxic!*. Fire* d«*troy«"<! considerable pram
«nd i>^!-ture land in Gienn County. Hifih
•winds injurt-d deciduous fruits in some paxte
t of the northern section.
Harvesting. tr.ra*hir.s and hay baling are
procietiins rapidly and are nc-aring comple
tion, in tome xlacrs. The grain crop is far
bnlow -average in yield and quality Jn nearly
• II dietriott, though a frooA yield ig reported
In iH.rtior.s of the b"uth»>ni c.<«ft section. Hay
fcap yleided an excellent crcp in all «-c!iuBS
*xc»ft the «"octh. anJ the quaJity is eujx-rior.
Hops are improving ar.d a po-Td crop is prcb
¦JjSe, f'epar ht^t Unm has wmmenceii and
t^¦«: ..factory at i^ania Maria 1* in t>i>eration ;
the yield will probably b* about average,
though the acrrage it> \ee» than last »j>a?on"ii.
E'.ar.p «»r.'! corn art- in fair condition, but
»ou;.J be imj.rcvcd by Tiartrtr weather. Cattle
»re «lc.ne ¦RcU. but feed 1* becominc scarce in
tricst i?'.a<>-*.
The continued cool weather hat retarded the
rtppSll&S Of d"-ciduout: fruits ccnflderably and
Is ar.fav.-...-«'. > lor drjinp. The truit crcp is
jrtSiraily fiisappointin?. but In some sections
et-veral \&::t-:ie* will be nearly avcrace in
yield er. : qeaUtjr. liartlctt pears are yifldinK
• very &oc*l crop tn nearly aM «=rctior.B. Grapes
fnllMiri— ir. too* ccnJiticn ar<l It is exj"ct<-il
thjit : :.¦ : ><-:& will be the largest lor f» vSral
}»»r». Cttrca IruitJs and walnuts are making
estlF'.a'tory ; T'-.-rega.
¦ rCACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Cool weather
cor.ttr.ufi durirg the week, but condition? wer»-
BCaccally (jtvonld* for cropp. Hich Routherly
csuf. -i f .rr.e <iamaFe to peart- and other
Iru'.ifc at iii--rr.". Fir* d*«royed considerable
rr*tc »r;d much j.asturagv in Glenn County.
TTTt- ctkI xeaxber is r«»tardinj; the ripening of
itrf-tduouF truit*. but this is not considered
detrimental. Proapects are good for a larpe
crcp at i»?t> and * lu'.r yield of prunes, but
j**c£«'s. aprlcoU and applet will be light.
ll£i..y tl.ii'ments cf j^are wete made from
Eac.ramf-r.to .iurlns the wetk. The almond crop
it reported larre in sense pectiona. «Jrap<-s
ct>ut:r-u» in t-xcel!ent conditicr: and will prob
ntily yi«I'l cr.e of the h»-axiest crcps for sev
eral v«ary. Orsin harvest W progrcssine and
lh r.sirly completed in name eections. Wheat
fcT.il l>ar!»y ar* rauch below the average In
yiflj and quality. The bt:a\T hay crop is
ntgetly 6i?itr**><i cf. Hops are making good
CTO'-vih. L'ry repd is *ti!l pientlfuL
'.'.-''-MtT AND BAT SECTIONS— The tpm
y^fratur. Wu» >-c liridertrily li*-low normal dur
151 tbe wrt-K. Fcga prevailed in th»- coast
<IKn if «r.d 1'rtt rain foil in th* 14th In
th» .«»-r-ticn from . Ean Francisco northward,
wfth beary min at Wi:ii»««. Grain harvest is
proxrentas »r.d a fair field is reported, eppe
c!«I"y iz ib* sf»urhorn districts. Hay baling
c&Unuof; the ctx.p is !an:e and quality ex
c*-S(^.t in ail sections. Hops, beans and corn
»s# d&ins v.p'.l. but would N* improve by
warmer w^atn^r. There- are «ome reports of
rfl!d»-w in {T»p« !n For.omt County, hut no
#fri'-js -ien.ai'- has b*«n done, and prospects
exnt:nue ctv-d f or a bewy crfp in all sec
tluc*. r>cci.iu'-.u» frtim ire maturing rather
flowly. Apri'-ot* sre rppcrtttl light in nine
¦irrifmi ar.i heavy in otuera. Peacheis. pears
• • . r.pples are iU;ht bsA prunes lair in most
Ji)E'C«.
SAN JOAQt.IX VALI.ET. — Cl<-ar and cool
»x*t?ier fur . the. ¦etscn prevai:ed <!ur:np the
pest «e'k. Harrctilicg and thrashing pr:iin
rtstiruc; tUe exep is generally light. Haying'
ccstinues ia ace •cction* and ballr.? is pro
rreatir.g rapl^:y; th" hay crop is good in all
•^•t'.cr.s. Gra«5hopp*-r» «re causing some dam
*£* !a the northern portion cf the valley. The
6*crl<ia\j* fr.ru -crt>i» Is rir>«r;ing rapidly, and in
the central portion the crop is good. Large
*r.:; rr.er.is of |><ttchta. :>!utns and tragedy
jrir.'i w«re made to Eastern market*. Dryers
exa ¦<.-a:ui*ri«s are ia operation. Watermelon*
an? pitatiTu:. but geaersily be'.ow average site.
Grffpes *re rcilUng good prrgresrs and viromise
aa txc elicit crcy in all sectier.*. Water to
rjit'.rg lo-s- ar.d retd sccrc*. Stock are healthy
*j. 2 V- r hrttton.
.SOUTKEHS CALIFORNIA. — The damp.
cwJ .wcatiirr (1-jrii.u the week r.-ith fog» alorg
tu* coast, was teneflcJal to most crop* and
TSade frctjuer.t irritation unnecessary. IrrlEa.
tl^n water is botiiag out remarkably w»Ii.
jkjwictA. picking is prcrr<>*sing; the yield and
quality are much Jy-'.r.w average. Peaches and
apfcles are In fair cor.^lticn and maturing »low
\f* Helens and berries are plentiful and cf
ti±& ttamlity. Waiauu are rnakir.g satisfactory
Z.tO£r*m. ' Citrus fruirs tre ia good condition
in roast places, bjt it Is reported that navel
©rar-r»« will be below average. Harvesting
and hay bating ar» nearly completed. Grain
and hay have yielded very light crops. Sugar
b**t ~fcarve*t has ccmmer.ced and the factory at
Eama Maria 1^ in corraUon.
EUREKA EUilMAUY. — Rain Thurrflay
rr*a.Uy b»ne2t»d crops, but <5id some damage
•"/.r.ty. th« »econd crop of frrass in now as
«ut»<3. O«.r««w rrmkins- <>xc»-Hpr.t irrowth.
tOS'AXGELES HUMMAHY. — Coot nights
n( taoderstely warm days continu'^1: nights
cSfb£r <w '°rry »Jong ths coast. Heavy de
.r*ir.d Tcr irrigating weter en »ccount of en
vtie.: 4ryne» of colL Apricots are nearly
; Weather Report.
(12tKli Mertfilan— Pacifle Time.)
SAN FRAKCISCO. July 15>— 6 p. m.
The follotrlsx maximum and minimum t*ra
reratum *** reported for previous &zr from
Eastern dtles: '
Boston T8-C*jBt- Loulu Vy-"iH
Cisclnnaxl M-72! Philadelphia M-72
Jacksonvine 8S-72(Waahlngton 92-74
, FTiAyCISCO 66-S2
TOZ COAST RECORD. "
* -, ,'„. ~~c g. K o 2 5
. '. *- § 8l ft Si »• a-
BZX.TIONV I |g|llS f* I
Biker-v S0.06 £3 CO NW Clear Too
Dried Fruits in New York.
New Potatoes rulsd weak, with supplies lib
eral and trade of small volume. There was
practically nothing doing in the shipping line
and local dealers seemed to be holding off.
awaiting 'developments, and were purchasing
no more than necessary for immediate re
quirement?. Onions were firmer under scant
supplies and a good demand, both for local use
and shipping.
Miscellaneous vegetables were in free supply
and prices had but slight variance. Tomatoes
arrived freely from several districts, but prices
were well maintained and Bell Peppers did
better under a good call for shipment. Sup
plies of Cucumbers and Summer Squash, while
less liberal. w«rre still far In excess of the de
mand and carrietl-over lots of both descriptions
were still ofteriner below the quotations. Poor
quality offerings of String Beans were plen
tiful and dull n.nd» the canners picked up sev
eral lots at lc per pound. Asparagus and
Ithubsib are no longer worth quoting, as there
are only a few scattering I0U being received
from day to day.
POTATOES — New. Burbanks from th* river.
$1 •- > .V«1 75 per cO.. Salinas Burbanks. $292 25
per ctl: Early Rose, $l 20J?l 40: Garnet Chiles,
$1 23©1 40; old Patctoe*. $1©1 23 per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. $1 50 per sack; Silver
skins. $1 5O?fl 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1@1 75 per
sack or crate; Garden Peas. 3@5c per lb; String
and Wax Beans. 2®4c per lb: Lima B<-ans>.
6@Sc ix>r lb: Tomatoes, in small boxes and
crates, 50ffl73c; larr» open boxes, $1 6O»S1 15:
Summer Squash. 25i?30c per box; Cabbage.
$1 per ctl: Carrots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers,
26035c pt box; Garlic, 3<5?4e per lb; Egg
Plant. $li&l 23 per box: Dried Peppers, S@li>c
for sun-dried and 12%t?13c per lb for evapor
ated: Ort>?n Okra, 8®10c per lb; Green Pep
p*rg. $1S1 25 per box for Bell and 75cS$l for
Chile. r*
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
PcachM. 5*;07%e per lb; FIct. 2-crown bricks.
52%c; 3-crown. 55c; 4-crown. 63c; 6-crown.
73c; bulk white. 3'4©3%e: black. 4e. Old crop
— Evaporated Apples. «J%<J?7%c p«r In.
PRUNES— 19U1 crop. 2$-Uc for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 19<H
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 50-lb orrxes — Loose Muscatels, 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loo.xe. 3-crown. 4c; 2-crown. 3%c: Thompson' a
seedless. 4c; needles* Sultanas. 3%c: «ee<fl««s
Muscatels, 3i;c: do floated. 3%c; Seeded Rats-
Ins, 16-cz cartons, fancy. 3%c; choice. 3%c:
12-oz. cartons, "fancy. 4Uc; choice. 4%c: ia
bulk, fancy. 5%c; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2: London
Layers, 3-crown. $133; 2-crown. $123.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 snftshetl. 13%fTI*o:
No. 2. Il%ei2c; No. 1 hardshell. l*813%c;
No. 2, UijllUtc; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9'ic for Larffuedcc: Peanuts 6©7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll®13c; Cocoanuta. $t.Wf">.
HONEY— Comb. ll%fH2Ue for white an.t
10@llc for amber: water white extracted. 5«
6c: light amber extracted. J^g-Sc; dark. 3%
'UEESWAX— 27329c per lb.
Prices show numerous narrow changes, up
and down, but the general market remains
about the same, except that Lima* and Pinks
are both higher and In especial demand, with
holders very firm on account of the limited
supplies. The crop of Ltmas bids fair to be
short this year, as already mentioned, and the
growers are very firm in their views.
There is, no further change in Seeds.
BEAN'S— Bayos, $2 40©2 55: Pea, $2 90® 3:
Butters, $3 25; small White. $2 »0>^3 10; large
White. $2 23«2 50; Pink. $3 50«3 CO: R*>d,
$4; Lima, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys, $4 50>g5;
Klackeye. $2#2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2S2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3; Flax. $1 9<>^2 25: Canary, 6%^
7c; Alfalfa, 15@15%c; R*pe. 1%1f2%c; Timo
thy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%/8>3%c per 1b; Millet.
-%«3Vic; Broom Corn t-eed. $2o«?21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Xe& York stock market Jiigher on the dav.
•Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
Silver a fraction lozcer. European Exchange higher.
'. Wheat steady at previous quotations. Freights nominal.
t Country speculators scrambling for Barley.
'.Oats, Com and Rye as previously quoted.
¦ Flour and hi Hist tiffs in fair heal demand.
Hay zveak, with liberal receipts. Feedstuff s as before.
' *Li:na and Pink Beans higher and in very good demand.
¦ Potatoes in good supply and zvcak. Onions firm, s
'Asparagus and Rhubarb about out for the season.
in sufficient supply, vdth young fozd lozver.
Fresh Fruits still in liberal supply.
* Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and easy.' .
Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins generally quiet.
Nothing nczv in the Provision market.
Wool well cleaned up and tirm. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Fct CcUle in light supply. Grain-fed Hogs raiher.scarce.
Red Sea and the fears thus created that the
European powers might become embroiled over
the Far Eastern struggle. London sold freely
here so long as the foreign exchange con
tinued to do business, and the support in
the local market did not become thoroughly
effective until after the selling had ceased for
the day. The publication of the crop bul
letin of the Weather Bureau was an effective
Influence on the late rally, as the conditions
there recorded were calculated to reassure
fears of damage or Its extent to winter wheat,
while other crops were practically unaffected
by any adverse conditions. The rejection by
the majority of the directors of the Northern
Securities of what seemed like a conciliatory
advance on behalf of the Harriman Interests
offers no other surface explanation than to dis
credit the recently prevailing rumors of . the
likelihood of a settlement out of court by
compromise of the dispute over the manner
of distribution of assets of the corporation.
But the market accorded a cheerful reception
to the news and made a vigorous recovery of
the early declines. The grain and cotton car
riers led the rally with Atehison In the van
and gains of 1 to 1% were established in dif
ferent members of these groups in the final
hour of the trading. The close was strong
and active.
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par
value. $2,600,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. • Low. Clos*.
Atehison 59,900 70% 77% 79%.
Atehison pfd 800 96% 95% 96%
Bait & Ohio 12,800 85% 84*4 80%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 500 94 93% 93%
Canadian Pacific... 1,000 125% 124% 125%
Central of N J 164
Chesap & Ohio ... 1.200 34% 34% 34 Ti
Chi & Alton ji. .. 38%
Chi & Alton pfd S 80%
Chi & G Western. 1,500 14% 14% 14%
Chi & Northwestn. 3.400 179% 177% 179%
Chi Mil & St Paul. 32,100 143% 147% 149%
Chi Mil & St P pfd 1SU%
Chi Term & Trans 0
Chi Term & T pfd 14%
C C C & St Louis. 200 75% 75% 75
Colo Southern 400 15 15 14%
Colo South 1st pfd. 400 50% 50% 50%
Colo South 24 pfd. 200 20»; 20% 20%
Del & Hudson 500 160»» 159% 160
Del Lack & West 270
Denver & R G ... 400 22% 22% 22%
Denver & R G" pfd. 600 73% 73 73
Erie 10.400 26% 25% 26
Erl» 1st pfd 2,900 63% 62% 63
Erie 2d pfd 200 09% 3!) 39
Hocking Valley ... 100 CS . 68 «7%
Hocking Valley pfd 100 81 SI 80%
Illinois Central ... 3.400 137 135% 136%
Iowa Central 100 1S"» 18% 1S%
Iowa Central pfd 3.1%
K^C Southern 22%
K C Southern pfd. 600 44% 44% 44%
Louis & Nash .... 4,400 117% 116% 117
Manhattan L 900 152 151% 151*i
Metropolitan Secu.. 2,300 88% 87% 88
Metropolitan St Ry 15,500 117% 116% 117%
Minn & St Louis 45
M StP & Sit St M. 300 70 69% 69%
M StP&SltSt M pfd 126%
Missouri Pacific .. 26.800 94% 83% 94%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 400 18*i 18% 18%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 700 40% 40% 40%
N R R of Mex pfd. 100 38 3S 37»i
N Y Central 1.300 120 ll'J'i 119l|
Norfolk & Western 2.200 62% 61% «2
Norfolk & W pfd 86
Ontario & Western 6.500 3rt% 29?; 30%
Pennsylvania 60.100 121 120 120%
Pitts C C 4 St L.. 100 63% 63% «J
Reading 29.000 63% 52% 53%
Reading 1st pfd... 100 So** S-1% 8:1%
Reading 2d pfd 70
Rock Island Co 27,500 23% 22% 23*;
Rock Island Co pfd 3.400 67% 66% 07%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 6.900 62% 50»; 62%
at Louis S W 300 13% 13% 13%
St Louis S W pfd. 2<K) 32% 32% 32?4
Southern Pacific ... 18.S0O 61% 60% 51%
Southern Railway. 6,700 25 24% 24% I
Southern Ry pf d . . 100 83 89 8S%
Texas & Pacific... 1.400 25% 25% 23%
Tol St L & West. 1.100 26% 25% 26
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.700 39% 3*% 3!«%
Union Pacific 51.900 97 95V* »6%
Union Pacific pfd. 1,600 94 94 94
Wabaeh ... 200 17% 17% 17%
Wabash pfd 1.100 36% 36 " 36%
W & Lake Erie ... 100 15% 15% 15%
Wisconsin Central.. 100 IS IS 18
Wlscon Cent pfd.. 100 40% 40% 40
Mexican Central... 4,100 10 9% 9Ts
Express Companies —
Adams 225
American 200
fntted States 107
Wells-Fargo 203
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper S3.000 64 53 53%
Am Car & Foundry 300 1R«J 18% 18%
Am Car & F pfd.. 200 78% 78 77
Am Cotton Oil 27%
Am Cotton Oil pfd 88
Am Ice «%
Am Ice pfd 200 27 26% 26%
Am Ltnseed Oil 8%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 26
Am Locomotive.... 600 22% 22 22%
Am Locomotive pfd 83
Am Smelt & Rfng. 3.400 57% 56% 57%
Am S & R pfd 600 9S% 9S% 97%
Am Sugar Rfng... 4.&00 130% 129% 130%
Anaconda Min Co. l.MXV 7«% 76 76
Brooklyn R T 61.20<» 53 51% 52%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.200 35 33^ 34%
Consolidated. Gas... 1.100 195% 194% 195%
Corn Products 12%
Corn Products pfd. 100 69% 69% 68%
Distillers' Seeur 22%
General Electric... <W> 161 \ 163% 1C3%
Inter Paper 3.500 14% 13% 14%
Inter Paper pfd.... 5O0 69 69 C9
Inter Pump 100 33% 33% 32
Inter Pump pfd 76
National Lead 900 23% 23 23
North American... 300 fc9% 8!) 8"»%
Pacific Mail 200 2S 28 27%
People's Ga» 2.300 101% 100% 101V,
Pressed Steel Car.. 1.300 34 33 33%
Pressed S C pfd... 100 76% 76% 76%
Pullman Pal Car 221
1 Republic Steel 200 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd 500 43% . 43 43%
Rubber Goods 3,100 19% 17% 19
Rubber Goods pfd. 700 7»% 78% 79
Tenn Coat & Iron. 2.300 40% 39% 40
U S Leather 200 7% 7% 7U
U S Leather pfd... 600 83% 83% 83%
U S Realty 7
U S Realty pfd... 300 02% 62 60
U S Rubber 3,700 19% 1S% 19
IT 8 Rubber pfd... 1.100 78% 77>A 77>4
U S Steel 26.700 12% 12% 12%
IT S Steel pfd 48.700 62% 61% 02
Westlnghouse Elee. 400 162% 102 1«2%
"Western Union 100 SS% 88 M 88
Total sales 611,200.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, July 19. — Bond transactions:
United Street Railways of San Francisco,
19.CC0 at $"0 87%, 18.000 at $81. 10,000 at
$S1 37%, 10,000 at $81 87%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. '
Common— Bid. $4 62%; asked, $4 75. Pre
ferred—Bid. $42 87%; asked. $43 75.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4% L & N unified 4«.100%
Do coupon U4>i Man con cold 4s. 105
Do Ss reg.. 104% Mex Central 4s... «4
Do coupon 105% Do 1st lnc 11%
Do new 4s reg.131% Minn & St L 4s.. 9CU
Do coupon 132% M, K & Texas 4s. 99%
Do old 4s reg.lOO'il Do 2ds SO
Do coupon 100 iNR of Mex con 4s 77%
Atch gen 4s 103 |N Y C gen 3%s.. 9U?i
Do adj 4s 05 |N J C gen 5s.... 132%
Atlantic C L 4s. 0ST4 Nor Pao 4s 105Vi
Bait & Ohio 4fl..l«{U Do 3a 74%
Do 3%s 95% Nor & "W con 4s.l01lJ
Central of Ga 5s.ll0 |OSL 4s & partlc. 97%
Do 1st lnc 79%|Pa conv 3%s 97%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lC6%! Reading gen 4s... 98%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78% S L & I M con 5s.ll7
C. B & Q new 4s. 97% S L & 8 F fg 4a. 81%
CM t SPgn 4s.j-'« ht Louis SW lsts. «0Vi
C & NW con 5«.129% Seaboard A L 4s. 39
C. R I & Pao 4s. 71% So Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 5s 82% So Railway 6s 116
C.C.C & ELgn 4s.l0i Tex & Pac lsts. 7119
Chi Term 4» 73l' t T. St L & W 4s. 73
Cons Tobacco 4s. <WV4 Union Pac 4s 105
Colo & So 4s.... 84% Do conv 4s 102%
Colo F & I pfd.. 73% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 79%
Den & Rio O 4s. 99% Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 9ST4 Do deb B 1974
Do gen 4s 85% W & L Erie 4s .. 91%
F W & D C lats.1031,4 WIs Central 4 89%
Hock Val 4%s...lO7%| "*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20' Little Chief . 03
Alice 20 Ontario 3 60
Breece 10 Ophir 2 20
Bruns Con 10 Phoenix - 09
Com Tunnel .... OR Potosi ¦ 13
Con Cal Sc Va... 05 Savage 15 1
Horn Silver 1 46 Sierra Nevada.... 22
Iron Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 15
Lcadvillo Con ... 02|Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— „-.,,, United Fruit .."..100%
Call loans 203% U, S Steel l2 $
Time loans 3@4% Do pfd 62
Bonds — „„,,., Westing Common. SO i
Atehison 4s 101% Mining— .
Do adj 4s 04 Adventure 1
Mex Central C2% Allouez gy
Railroads— , Amal Copper .... 66%
AtchUon Wj4 Amer Zinc 13$
: Do pfd • »6% Atlantic 9 *
Boston & Albany. 247 Binghanv... 2(Ui
Boston & Maine.. lflS- Calumet & Hecla.470
Boston Elev 15V Centennial 2 5%
Fltchbunc Pfd 137% Copper Ranee ... n<m
Mex Central »?* Daly West ..:.... -17
N.Y N H A H..1B3 Dom Coal 44^
PereMarquette... 74 Franklin 71?
Union Pacific... 06% Grancy 31 j.jg
Miscellaneous — Isle Rovale lort
Amer Arge Chem. 14% Mass Mining- ..... 41Z
Do pfd 75 I Michigan 4S
Amer Pneu Tube. 3 Mohawk 431J
Amer' Sugar ....130 I Mont Coal & Coke 3%
Do pfd ...;.... 129 I Old Dominion ... 14 U
Amer'Ter &'Tel.l32UIOiM?eola •...;..*...; f2%
Amer "Woolen w,. lilOParrot 2.">>5 '
Do pfd \. 77klQulncy ..„„„„ Bj -
Hay continues weak under liberal and some
times excessive receipts, and concessions some
times have to be made to effect sales, though
there is no actual declines, taking the market
a a whole. Feedstuffs also remain as previ
ously quoted, with moderate offerings of Bran
and Middlings.
BRAN— $21«K2 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
. SHORTS— MI'S 22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 50-522 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 504?
32 50; Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cak« $22-923:
Corn Ceal, $30 50-331 50: Cracked Corn. $31©
32; Mixed Feed. $22®22 50; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. t»Oc per ctl.
HAT— Wheat. $10»13: "Wheat and Oat. $9«
II 50; Oat. $9gll 50; Barley and Oat. %$&
10 50; Volunteer Wild Oat. $.W10: stock. $7©S;
Clover. $7 50-310; Alfalfa, $7610 50 per ton.
STRAW— 5O@70c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff's.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
OMAHA. July 19.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500;
market active and strong; native steers, *4?£
4 GO; cows and heifers, $3@4 65; Western
steers, $3 25ijj4 75; range cows and heifers.
$2 25@3 50; canners, $1 75@2 75; ctockers and
feeders. $2 60@4 10; calves. $2 50@5 25; bulls,
$2 2r»®4 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 1200; market strong to 5c
higher; heavy. $5 65<§5 75: mixed. $5 25@5 35;
lleht. $2 75@5 25; pigs, $4©5; bulk of sales,
$5 20ig5 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, none: market quotably
Bteady; Western yearlings, $3 75@4 25; wethers,
$3 50(34 25; ewes. $3©3 75; common and stock
ers, $2 25@3 50; lambs, $4 7506. .
Miscellaneous Markets.
KANSAS CITT, July 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 4000. Including 750 Southerns; market
steady to lower; native steers, $5 25®5 55;
Southern steers, $3@4; Southern cows, $2fi'3 40;
native cows and heifers, $2 35@4 75; stocker*
and feeders, $3 25@4; bulls, $2 7584: calves,
$2 fiCHi 4 50; Western steers, $3 5Og 1 73; West
ern vcows. $2 5003 50.
I HOGS — Receipts. 8000; market opened steady
to lower; bulk of sales, $."i 05^5 20; heavy,
$.'• 10(8.3 20; packers, ' $5 20@5 40; pigs and
lights. $5 05®5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000: market steady to
lower;, demand light: muttons, $3 25<g'4 75;
lamb?, ?4&t>; range wethers, $3 75(34 75; ewes,
$3(ff3 75.
I Omaha,
Kansas City.
HOGS — Receipts : to-day 4000, to-morrow 10,
000,- market 10c to 15c higher; mixed and
butchers $5 23<g5 90; good to ch»ice heavy,
$5 00@5 '85; rough heavy, $5©5 40; light, $5 40
@5 85; bulk of sales, $5 40®5 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000; market for sheep
and Iambs steady; good to choice wethers, $1@
$4 50; fair to choice mixed. $2 25@4; Western
sheep. $2®4 25; native lambs, $4@7 25; "West
ern lambs, $4@6 73. ,:*•-; "' >• ; ." ¦' -
CHICAGO, July 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000; market steady; good ..to prime steers.
$5 60tffO: poor to medium, $4 50ig5 25; stockers
and feeders, $2 25®4 50: cows, $2@5; canners,
$1 50@2 40; bulls, $2@9; calves. $2 5OQ5 75;
Texas fed steers, $3<64 CO.
Chicago.
Dom Iron & 8... 8% Shannon '5T»
Ed Elect Ilium.. 248 Tamarack 85,
Gen Electric ....162 U S Mining 23
Mw« Electric... 20 V S Oil 11%
Do pfd 14 Utah 37%
Mass Gas ....... 30% Victoria 2ft
Un Shoe Mach.-.. 49 Wlnona 8
Do pfd 30 Wolverine 75
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. S*S% N Y Central 123
Do for acct.... 8S^ Nor & Western... 63%
Anaconda 3v« Do pfd 89
Atehison 79^, ont & Western... 30%
Do pfd OSVi Pennsylvania 61%
Bait & Ohio Sti^i Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 128% Reading 27%
Ches & Ohio .°.r»% Do 1st pfd 43
Chi Great "We3t.. 15 t>o 2d pfd 36%
Chi Mil & St P. 152*4 So Railway 23
De Beers IB*. Do pfd 91%
Den & Rio G 21% So Pacific 51%
Do pfd 74% Union Paclflo 87?*
Erie 2<i ! *I Do Pfd 96%
Do 1st pfd 64%! U S Steel 12T4
Do 2d pfd 40 I Do pfd 63%
HI Central .. 139 |Wabash 17%
Louis & Nash....lin%l Do pfd 3T%
M. K & Texas... 19 I Spanish 4s 85
Bar sliver — Quiet 26 13-16d per ounce.
Money— 2^®2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short blllB is 2%@2'i per cent and for thre»
months' bills 2 11-16*32% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON. July 19.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $150,S59.S49; gold, $51,
415,018.
New' York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, July 19- — Cotton futures
opened dull; July and August. 10.52%c: Sep
tember. 9 95c; October and November, 9.65c;
December. 9.49c; January. 9.53c; March,
Cotton spot closed quiet: middling uplands,
10.90c; middling gulf. 11.20c: sales, 500 bales.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, July 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24.000 barrels; exports, 10,450. Market dull,
with buyers Indifferent.
WHEAT— Receipts, 16,000; exports, 49,900.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red. nominal elevator and
$1 CS% f.o. b afloat.
There was a severe break In wheat prices to
day, following bearish weather and crop news.
After midday, however. Influenced by a big de
crease In world's stocks and further war talk,
prices rallied Eomewhat, closing unchanged to
T *C net lower. July. $1 02&S1 03, closed
$1 02S- September. !(l%'S02%c. closM 91";ic;
December. 90%(§919sC closed 90%c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDE6— Steady.
WOOI#— Steady. .
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — The market for futures closed 10
points lower. Sales were reported of 40,230
bags. lncludlns: July. 5.S5c; August. 5.W»
5B5c- September 6. Outre. 05c; December, 6.25®
fl..1Cc; March. tt.603-G.65c; May, 6.75@13.SOc.
Spot, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Rather easier, but not quotably
lower. Street prices, extra creamery, 17%®
17«4c; official prices, creamery, common to
ex(ra. 13ffl7%c; State, dairy, common to ex
tra. 12*9170.
CHEESE— Quiet and easy. State, full
cream, small white, fair to fancy. 7V*S79ic;
do lanre white fancy. 10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Are In moderate
supply, and white demand is not pressing hold
ers fee' conndpnt of a good market and the
general undertone remains steady to firm.
Common are quoted at 4@5%c; prime, 6%igtic;
choice. »"4i<g6 3 ic; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES — Show no chance, buyers still
showing a disposition to hold off, in th* hope
of concessions. Quotations ranse from 2%c to
6*»c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are steadily held, with choice
quoted at 9%®l!>c; extra choice, 10Vi@10%c,
and fancy. 11912c
PEACHES — Also rule quiet, with demand
along hanil-to-mouth lines. Choice are quoted
at 1'(j~ l t c, extra choice at 7%®Sc and fancy
at 9Vi@10c.
CATTLiE, SHEEP ANT) HOGS.
CHICAGO. July 19.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creams. I3@17c: dairy, 12@13c. Eggs steady;
at mark. 14%<@>15%c. Cheese, 7%@8%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $"50; extra cream do, $4 23;
Oat Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4^4 25; Buck
wheat Flour, $4 *0<94 75: Cracked "Wheat. $4;
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75:
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25®3 BO; in sacks. $0 ">&
8 10; Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas.' boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Oregon and "Washington, Jobbing at $3 85^4 23
per bbl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1901.
Continued on Pas© Fourteen
There la very little new to report ln'tbesa
markets. Except Prunes, which are weak
the feeling: In Fruits Is steady, with no pres
sure to tell. A comparatively light output of
Apricots Is Indicated.. Evaporated Apples con
tinue very firm, being mostly In the hands of
one house. Raisins continue Inactive, with a
free carry-over expected. There Is nothlns doing
In Nuts, but expectations In regard to Almonds
are sanguine, as the crop is expected to be
light this year. Conditions In . Honey remain
as before stated, the market, being 1 at present
dominated by. the imports from Cuba and the
Hawaiian Islands.
FRUITS — New; crop — Apricots, 7UGfrJ4oi
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCTION SALES
120 Horses for Sale
By order of' MR. R. C. DIXOST of Colusa. CM..
I will *e!l at PUBLIC AUCTION
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTT BROKEM
AND UNBROKEN HORSES, welgnla* from
1000 to 1400 pounds.
This consignment consists of a very salect
lot of young geldings and mares suitable for
ali class of work.
Sale takes plae*
2J~__ TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY. JULY 21. at 11 a. m.. at
J. B. HORAN'S SALE YARD, Cor. lOtH aad
BRYANT STS.
Hones can be seen at yard aay day
previous to sale.
¦¦ "- ; '¦¦ a WATKIN3. Aactlon«er.
#\_ Auction sale — Areada Hors* Market.
+-»*» 827 Sixth «t. Wednesday, July 20. at 11
a. m., I will sell a lot of horses belonging to a
street contractor who Is retiring from business;
also harness for same. A number of other
horse*, both work and drrvlng. Buggies,
wagon* and light harness. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. 'The rarest postage stamp in exist
ence is the one-cent British Guiana
stamp of 1856. Only one specimen,
owned in Paris, is known to exist.
- Bnrnett'a Vanilla Bxtraet 1» told
by all the b««t «Tocer» everywhere, try \U •
Mrs. Charlotte Levi, living: at the
rear of 2032 Howard street, Is in great
distress owing to the absence of her
daughter, Minnie, 20 years of age,
who left home Sunday morning, after
having had a slight disagreement with
her mother. Mrs. Levi is almost dis
tracted lest her. daughter, who, she
says, is suffering from consumption,
has been taken seriously ill. Mrs.
Levi will be thankful for any Infor
mation concerning the girl.
Mother Searches for Daughter.
Extensive alterations have been
made in the building and equipment
at the Cogswell Polytechnic College
during the summer vacation. A one
story brick building has been erected
to be used for a forgeshop and foun
dry. The chemical laboratory has
been transferred to a larger room and
smaller laboratories have been added
for advanced work in Industrial chem
istry. A special feature of the work
in applied chemistry is a course in
mineralogy- and assaying. This course
is open to students who have had two
years of high school work and to a
limited number of special students
who have had required work In gen
eral chemistry.
Robert W. Dodd, A. M.', formerly
instructor in chemistry and assaying
at Stanford University, has been se
cured to take charge of this work.
Professor Dodd is a veteran of the
Spanish-American War, having served
with the First California volunteers in
the Philippine Islands. He is a mem
ber of the Sigma Psl fraternity, an or
ganization composed exclusively of
men of scientific ability. His success
ful work in the Stanford assaying
laboratory assures the proper develop
ment of the new course at Cogswell.
The department of sewing and
dressmaking has been removed to more
commodious quarters, which will add
greatly to the convenience and success
of this now popular department.
The new term opens for advanced
students on Monday, July 25, and for
the new classes on Wednesday, July 27.
Professor Dodd, Formerly of Stanford
University, Will Conduct a New
Course in Assaying.
CHAXGES ARE, MADE
AT COGSWELJL COLLEGE
The police were notified yesterday
that an attempt had been made to
break into the cigar store of M.
Blaskower & Co., 20 Turk street, early
yesterday morning. The padlock on
the front door had been twisted out oC
shape by the efforts of the burglars
to force it off.
Burglars Are Foiled.
plaintiffs for cutting wires they Trill
be unable to make an adequate de
fense based upon the legality of the
demand of the corporation for making
deposits by the house movers," and
that "in a criminal action they will
never be able to obtain a final de
termination of the question."
The latter averment is a slap at the
judicial honor of Judge Fritz and in
line with the charge made by Attor
ney Eastin in the course of his argu
ment.
Judge Troutt will hear more of the
case to-day.
over the couch and floor. A pocket
knife, also covered with blood, lay on
the table. On a stand was a bottle
partly filled with' carbolic acid. He had
used both the knife and poison in his
efforts to kill himself.
Peterson was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital and treated for car
bolic acid poisoning. At a late hour
last night he was in a semi-conscious
state, writhing and gasping with pain
from the gash in his throat and the
acid he had drunk.
Peterson's brother missionaries are
James Silver. R. W. Young, H. Stevens
and D. H. Wood. They have been for
several years in the Antipodes,' learn
ing the native language and laboring
in the service of the Church of the
Latter Day Saints. Their work has
principally been among the Maoris, the
natives of New Zealand. The Mor
mon church keeps about 2500 young
preachers . in the foreign missionary
field. In fact, every young man of the
faith, unless he has a pull ' with ! the
Mormon hierarchy, may be called on
for such work. There is no holding
back when, a summons comes to depart.
An ordfiT from "Box B," as the official
notification of the church is known in
Utah, is to them a voice from heaven.
To hear is to obey.
Andrew C. Peterson was living at
Fairvlew, Sanpete County, Utah, with
his wife and child six months ago,
when he was ordered to far New Zea
land. He was not strong and not even
the dry, saline air of the Salt Lake
country could . bring perfect health to
his weak lungs. Sanpete County of
Utah is peopled by Swedish converts
of the church and these disciples of
the Scandinavian race are a part of
the pillars of the faith.
Arriving, at Auckland, Peterson be
gan the study of the Maori language.
The tongue was lettered and gram
mared years ago by pioneer mission
aries. It is one of the most difficult of
all languages that have been rounded
up from the brush of savagery and
tamed to live peacefully in .books. Its
alphabet has fifteen letters— about one
third too few— its syntax is a night
mare arid every part of speech has to
do quadruple duty and work overtime
at that. A verbal expression begins at
the punctuation point and ends at the
capital letter. If one speaks to a Maori
with just , the right shade of voice
inflection at the finish of the last word,
he and all he possesses is -the speak
er's, but if one* varies a hair's breadth
the.' tone the speaker: is war clubbed.
WEIGHED AND FOUND WANTING.
Poor Peterson with his frail body be
gan this, heavy task and.it broke him
down. He could not master the Maori
tongue. | The damp, raw Antarctic at
mosphere in his frail lung cells did the
rest. His spirits as well as his health
failed. Others around hlmV^ talked
fluently with the big friendly . natives.
Why could not he? It was as a death
blow, when the elder of his conference
in Auckland ordered him home as unfit
for the service. To preach the gospel
to the heathen in the darkness of the
distant Southeastern world was his
life and he had fallen at the outset.
He could not be one of the valiant host
sent yearly to carry the word of his
church into the, uttermost parts of the
earth. In Sanpete, among his strong
MORMON STUDENT MISSIONARY
WHO BECAME TIRED OF LIFE,
AND HIS WIFE.
Xurse Willey Arrested.
Detective Ed Gibson went to the
Marine Hospital yesterday afternoon
and arrested Estella Willey, the young
nurse who is accused of causing the
death of Frank Johnson, a sailor, by
giving him bichloride of mercury in
mistake for bicarbonate of soda. She
was taken to the City Prison and
booked on a charge of manslaughter,
but was at once released on $2000
bonds.
Henry Knop. a retired grocer, died
suddenly yesterday morning at the
Commercial Hotel. He leaves an es
tate said to be valued at $S0,000, to
which there are no heirs. Knop in
herited the property from a brother,
who died two years ago. Deceased
was about TO years of age. The prop
erty was taken charge of by the Pub
lic Administrator.
Xo Heirs to Estate.
Brain worH> from constant but un
availing efforts to master an intricate
native language, burdened with a body
enfeebled by ill health, and disappoint
ed at being turned back from a mission
to which he had dedicated his life,
Andrew C. Peterson, a young student
preacher from Utah, yesterday at
tempted suicide at the International
Hotel in this city.
In company with four other return
ing missionaries of the Mormon
church, Peterson arrived Monday by
the Oceanic liner Sonoma from Auck
land, New Zealand. He became sepa
rated from his companions at the
steamship wharf and did not go with
them to the Brooklvn Hotel, as was
agreed upon. He wandered around
and finally reached the International
late on Monday afternoon. He imme
diately asked for a room and was as
signed to No. 56 by F. J. Walker, the
clerk. Yesterday morning his friends
at the Brooklyn, unable to account for
his absence and knowing of his physi
cal and mental condition, became
alarmed and informed the Chief of Po
lice, to whom they gave Peterson's
photograph.
DISCOVERED IX HOTEL.
About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
William Bray, an employe of the In
ternational, noticed through a window
that something was wrong in room 56.
When the apartment was entered Pe
terson was found writhing on the bed
with deep cuts on the right side of his
throat and on the left wrist. The bed
and carpet were much blood stained,
large clots appearing here and there
Child Saved From Fearful Death
Claire Farley, nine years of age.
daughter of Captain Matt Farley of
Truck Xo. 5 of the Fire Department,
was severely burned about the body
and head on Monday night. The child
was playing with other children on
Pine street when the fireball from a
Roman candle fell on her dress, which
instantly became ablaze. Mrs. E.
Vannucchi and Mrs. R. Vannucchl of
2205 Pine street went to the child's
rescue and succeeded in extinguishing
the flames, but not before both brave
women had themselves received slight
injuries. Dr. Mahoney attended the
little sufferer and Is hopeful of her
rcrnvpir.
Prosecution Alleges That
Balances on Firm's Books
Were Regularly Forced
Judge Lawlor yesterday ruled that
expert medical opinions as to the phys
ical condition of Jacob Eppinger could
not enter into the trial of the case.
This was a strong blow to the defense
and was delivered after the question
had been argued pro and con for sev
eral hours.-
Almost the^ entire day and a portion
,of the night session was taken up in
arguments regarding the admissibility
of certain lines of evidence. The prose
cution sought to show that the books
of the firm had been falsified under
the direction of Jacob Eppinger, but
the direct ! questions regarding this
matter were objected to on technical
grounds, and the objections sustained.
The defense again sought to show the
magnitude. of the business of the firm
and the prosecution countered by as
serting that balances on the books
were foiced. All efforts to prove this
were unavailing, however, as the wit
ness, Frank Mitchell, was under cross
examination and the court ruled that
he could only.be examined regarding
grain transactions.
Mitchell was the first witness called
in the morning and he testified that
the sales of grain for the year ending
June 1, 1903. aggregated $1,925,612 52,
and the reduction of the indebtedness
of the firm was made through sales
of grain.
"What was' the sum total of indebt
edness on May 31?" was asked.
"One million two hundred and fifty
eight thousand three hundred and sev
enty-two dollars and thirty cents," was
the reply.
"Does that ledger show correctly the
volume of business and the cash de
posits?" asked Attorney Campbell.
This question gave rise to a storm
of objections, in the course of which
Attorney Campbell said: "We can
prove that a $274,000 balance was
forced at .the direction of Jacob Ep
pinger and that sales were entered on
the books which were never made\"
To this Attorney Ach sarcastically
replied: "To what straits is the prose
cution led when it seeks not only to
besmirch the character of this defend
ant, but accuse him of defrauding his
business partners."
Attorney Campbell then asked a se
ries of questions seeking to show that
balances had been forced and favors
shown to the Londoli, Paris and Amer
ican Bank. The questions were ob
jected to and the objections were sus
tained by the court.
When questioned as to how he esti
mated the business of the firm at from
$6,000,000 to $10,000,000 a year, the wit
ness said he added the purchases and
sales together and his figures were the
result of this computation. So far as
the books were concerned, he received
his figures from Topping and knew
nothing of their" accuracy further than
that he presumed them to be correct.
A The case goes on again at ten o'clock
this morning.
Scandinavian people, he would be only
a broken-down teacher— a missionary
who had failed. Seasickness on the
homeward voyage added to his illness
and he made the trip up from Auck
land in misery and almost in silence
until he landed here.
Then he . wandered off alone, found
a place away from his comrades, away
from the world that condemned him
as useless, and sought to finish the life
that failed.
Governor Charles N. Herried of South
Dakota, accompanied by his daughter,
Grace Herried. and a party of friends,
who are to attend the launching of the
new United States cruiser South Da
kota to-morrow, arrived in this city
last eveuins and are registered at the
Palace Hotel.
The party includes, besides the Gov
ernor and his daughter. George W.
Nash. Superintendent of Public In
struction of South Dakota, and his
wife, James Brown, Code Commission
er of the same State, and Mrs. Brown,
Miss Alda. Johnson, a friend of Miss
Herried. and Frank Crane, clerk of the
Supreme Conrt and chairman of the.
Republican State Central Committee of
South Dakota, and his wife.
The launching of the new cruiser has
been set for a late hour to-morrow in
order that the full advantage of the
tides may be obtained. ; Upon Miss
Grace Herried has been conferred the
honor of christening the vessel, which
1* to bear the name of her native State,
and it is hardly necessary to" state
that the fair maiden is looking for
ward to the ceremony •with pleasant
anticipation. The sojourn of Governor
Herrled's party in San Francisco is to
be a short one, for it is their plan to
leave Friday morning for Portland, and
from there they will proceed back to
South Dakota by way of the Northern
Pacific.
After this ignominy Sullivan alleges
that he is advised and believes "that
in a criminal action against the
As an exhibit to the affidavit is at
tached Judge Murasky's decision deny
ing the application of the United Rail
roads for an injunction to prevent the
house movers from cutting its electric
wires. . In the decision the Judge hild
that the business of house moving was
as legitimate as that of street railroads
and that, because of the number of
frame buildings here, conditions are
different from those in any other place
in the United States. , Judge Murasky
held that the house movers had a right
to cut wires but must do so at the
convenience of the corporation and
must defray the cost.
Sullivan's affidavit says that the
house movers object to the demand of
the corporation for a deposit as a con
dition precedent to the moving of
houses through the wires. It is also
set forth that seventeen firms are en
gaged in the 'house moving business
and they employ ten or more men each.
Getting down to the matter of ar
rests, Sullivan says that he was ar
rested on May 9, 1904, and taken to
police headquarters, for cutting wires.
He was again arrested and the officer
appeared to be angry because Sulli
van had succeeded in cutting the wires,
and proposed to call the "Black
Maria." However, Sullivan was taken
to jail in a street car and gave $125
bonds for his appearance. Then it is
charged that the hearing was delayed
and that the company did not appear
against him, but finally Judge Fritz
held him for trial.
CANXOT GET JUSTICE.
Arguments were heard yesterday by
Judge Troutt in the case wherein D.
J Sullivan and other house movers
seek an injunction to prevent the Po
lice Department and the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company from arrest
ing the men engaged in moving houses
and incidentally cutting the wires of the
lighting company. "While Sullivan's at
torney, (?. "W. Eastln, was presenting
his case ' to the court a small sensa
tion was developed in his charge that
"the Police Department, its chief and
his officers, and the Judges of the Po
lice Court are subservient to the re
quests and interests of the gas com
pany." Naturally more regarding the
charge was looked for and it appeared,
hidden In legal verbiage, in an affidavit
filed by Sullivan during the afternoon.
. The affidavit recited that up to the
time of the passage of section 593 of
the Penal Code, relating to the ma
licious cutting of wires, the house
movers were never required to make a
deposit to cover the cost of cutting the
wires of the lighting or railway'com
panies. After the passage of the act
the gas and other companies made the
demand from some of the house movers
and not from others. The plaintiffs
claim that they are not legally liable
for such deposits and aver that the
charges of the corporations have not
been uniform. Furthermore, it is de
clared that the house movers have had
nothing to say regarding the costs to
be charged. It is said, too, that the
house movers % have always notified the
corporation as to the moment the house
movers would reach its wires and were
willing to accommodate themselves to
the company's convenience in moving
through the lines.
MURASKY QUOTED.
Daughter of Chief Execu
tive of Pickerel State to
Christen New Cruiser
Charges That Officers Are
Under Control of Corpora
tions Owning the Wires
READY FOR CEREMONY
LAKGE TEANSACTIONS
AN' AFFIDAVIT IS FILED
Judge Lawlor Decides That
Jacob Eppinger's Physical
Condition Is Not an Issue
Attorney Eastiri, in Argu
ment for the House Mov
ers, Alleges Subserviency
Governor Charles Herried
of South Dakota and His
Friends Arrive in City
WILL ATTEND
THE LAUNCHING
MEDICAL MEN
ARE RULED OUT
CASTS ODIUM
UPON POLICE
MISSIONARY TRIES TO END
A LIFE THAT HAD FAILED
Andrew E. Peterson, a Young Mormon Student Preacher
Sick and Despondent Over 111 Success in Mastering the
Maori Language, Cuts His Throat — Recovery Doubtful
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 190*.
16
"LITTLE CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY AT PLftf FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAYS CALL
HANDKERCHIEF
==SALE— —
Commencing this day, July 20th, we will offer
some extraordinary values in LADIES' FINE
LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS. This is a special
purchase from an Irish manufacturer and will
be sold much less than importation cost : x l :;
NOTE THE PRICES:
Q/%P ) 330 Dozen Ladles' Sort Bleach Hem-
ri.il 1 \ stitched Linen Handkercniefs, regular
\J\J Dozen j yalue $1,25.
tfj/f 00 ) 400 Dozen Ladles' Sort Bleach Hem-
*ra I \ stitched Linen Handkerchiefs, rormerlg
tI Dozen ) sold for $1.50.
flj/d 20 I 275 Dozen Sneer Llnen Handkerchiefs,*
t3ra 1 *t i r hamstliGheland very suDarlor aualltu,
xl Dozen I alwags sold for $2, 00.
it> A cn V 50 Doz2n LaiilesI Hemstitched Linen
Ur>| .01/ \ Cambric Handkerchiefs. Tnese are in
dftX Dozen I 1-8 ancl *" 4 lncn nem ani nave alwa^ 3
r J been sold at $2.25.
*t\ a on V 50 Dozen LadlBSl Hemstitched ani
%P^ •j£\) 1 Reyered Sheer Linen Handkerchief,
nlX Dozen I lnctl nem > assorted patterns, good
J yalue for $2.00.
/\n V 00 Dozen Ladles' Lace Trimmed Sheer
iP^.UU I Linen Handkerchiefs, This Is a fine
CD^y Dozen j aualltu, with one-inch French Valen-
j clennes eige, were $3.00.
it\ A on V 75 Dozen 9 an(1 n lncn Handkerchief
Q?>fl •oU I Centers, #-lnch hem. These are in
rft JL Dozen ( fine thistle ani shamrock lawn, former
) price $3.00.
Remnants or Plain and Dotted Tuxedo, Chlfron and Fancn
Veilings, from # to l# Bards long, marked at
ONE-HALF FORMER PRICES
III to 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. [
Neck Scarf}
of Mink and
Ermine For
Dainty, charming, practical. A
Parisian idea modified by oar fur-
riers to suit the requirements of
her laajesty -the California woman.
Furs should be bought from a
store you are sure of. The outside
of some furs— like the outside of
some people— covers a heap of hid-
den meanness^ -''"¦V;".'',
DONT FORGET OUB. NUMBER.
W Painless Fillings 25c' fj
3 Painless Crowns S3 50 \
jjHFuil Set of Teeth $4.00 ;|
j "VANVROOM" m
II Sixth and Market V\
SITUATION WANTED — As general
manager, sales manager or in the purchase or
sales department of progressive manufacturing,
wholesale or mining company, by man of abil-
ity, formerly president of several larj;e manu-
facturing companies and a railroad: 30 year* of
age. temperate and a hustler; no objections to
position outside of the United States; an open-
Ing -where brains and energy will be rewarded
Is desired. Address for ten days, FRANK A.
UMSTED, room 217. Hotel Albany. Denver. Colo*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TR.Y A VICTOR ro KS TY I
y
Exchanged /%^%%lS=^z/r Records g
TO KSSX9EKTS OF SAH FRANCISCO A3STD VXCIWITT. • §
j... We ° ffcr to seI1 you a Victor Talking and Singing Machine on the con- O
ditions that you pay for the records only, and begin to pay for the Vic- 2
tor thirty days later. Then easy monthly payments. We can do this 5
only because we are positive that the Victor will give you full and com- S
plete satisfaction: such a return for the small sum invested as you can 5
get in no other way. Recently a Victor purchaser, while selecting new O
records, said: I have had my Victor two years and it has never cost G
me one cent for repairs, though we have it playing almost every evening. <5
and that s ' <j
THE BEST BECOED OP AJCL." • "-'C
Those who paid $3.50 to hear Calve sing "Carmen" received their 8
money s worth — but those who can invite all their friends to hear Calve S
sing Carmen on the Victor, at a total cost of a few cents for the iden- £
tical eongs. surely have the bestt of the bargain. And so it is all fi
through with all the great singers and bands and entertainers of the day. S
They are absolutely at your command. ' S
CAZiIi A3TD HEAB THE VZCTOB. £
SHERMAN, CLAY ®, CO. I
SOLE AGEWTS. *
Keerny and S utter S ts., S. F.« Cal. 1 3th and Broadway, Oakland, Cal $
¦i-ri*^ • ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^ v :
m Veranda, Porch or tawo RecliningChair 11
if Here is your chance to get a comfort Chair for less !|
PI than it cost to make it. Our buyers secured the entire Jfl
JJI stock from a wholesaler who .was forced to sell. It is m
N sold regularly for $1.50, but as a special inducement for In
H ' y6u to come in and look around during our Home Fur- Ml
re] nisher's Sale, we give this advantage to you. • ••*¦¦
M Among the other specials that continue from Sun- lu
W . day through the week are Hi
II Velour Covered India Seats...$l Double White Enamel Bed M
if] Solid Oak Dre««er, larsre mlr- ' * *.' 8J5.3«» II
III ror . 7 • • 812.OO »onbl« Cabinet Top Toldlnir U
II "vaa'*" 7 Pto . tlllie ! 1 P^li °5 Wood Bed otOoldea Pte.$2.*a5 H
J I
IS And $47.50, 9 by 12 feet, Bigelow Ax- (I>QO Cfj H
I minsters and Royal Wilton Rugs, for . . . <J)O jU • O V $j
II "The Credit House." 233-235-237 Post Street 11