THE WEATHXB.
forecast made at San Pran
dseo for thirty hoars ending 1 at
midnight July 6, 1904:
Saa XTanclsco aad vicinity—
rair Wednesday, with tog in
the momiar and at aifffet; fresh
westerly wind. J
A. G. MoAOZS,
District rorecaster.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 36.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1904.
r«7\ LOUIS, July 5. — On the eve of the Democratic National Convention it is a certainty that Judge Alton B. Parker of New York ivili be nominated. It i\ ncnv
»J a foregone conclusion that the field zvill come in a poor second. Not only zvill the Parker faction name the head of the ticket, but it zi-ill designate the candidate
for Vice President, dictate the phitform aiid assume full control of the party, to the exclusion of the Bryan-Hearst element. Parker may be nominated on the first
Continued on Pago 2, Columns 6 and 7«
Continued on Page' 2, Columns 0 and 1%
' ' ST. 'LOUIS, July 5.— -The ' "Arizona
and New Mexico delegations voted 'to
day, agalnst'jblnt statehood. The Dem
ocratic platform 'will ;a \ plank
pledging ;the immediate addition- as
States 'of these j Territories arid Okla
-homa. '- '
Oppose Joint. Statehood.
Boer Hero Is Married to Coutry
wnni.in at Transvaal Camp
at tlie Fair.
FT. LOUIS. July 5.— General Plet
Crenje. of Boer war fame, was married
to-day to Mrs. Stertzel, the widow of
a Boer soldier. The ceremony was
performed in the Boer camp.' on the
rrounds, and was=~prlvate. A public re
ception was held after the ceremony.
GENERAL PIET CRON.TE •
WEDS SOLDIER'S WIDOW
"The* report reached this city last
night. June 17, by 'mushers' arriving
from the vicinity of Mount Wrangel,
that the supposed extinct crater of that
peak . was In violent eruption on the
night of June 11. For nearly twelve
hours the mountain belched forth huge
volumes of smoke and flame, while for
a distance of six miles to the north the
ground was covered with ashes. Early
on the morning of June 20 the flames
subsided. *but smoke and ashes still con.
tlnued to pour out of the mountain."
SEATTLE. July 5.— A letter from
Valdez. Alaska, says:
MOUNT YVRAXGEL IS AGAIN
BELCHIXG OUT LAVA
CHICAGO, July 6.— The Tribune to
day publishes a partial list of casual
ties resulting from Fourth of July cele
brations all over the country. The list
gives the total number of dead as
twenty-five; Injured, 1384, and a prop
erty loss of 5177,800. A year ago the
accidents reported on the night of July
4 were 4S dead and 3431 Injured. In
twenty-four- hours the totals had
Jumped to 52 dead and 3663 injured.
In .Chicago this year's victims, re
ported early to-day, numbered one dead
and S2 injured. Chicago's figures a
year ago to-day were two dead and 117
injured.
¦ Throughout the country the firs
losses were generally smaller than In
former years.
In Chicago 115 alarms were sent In
during the twenty-four hours, fourteen
more than last year. The' losses were
all small. The police in all parts of
the city made nearly 100 arrests during
the day.
FOURTH BRINGS DEATH -
TO TWENTY-FIVE PEOPLE
Many times during the past few days
the suggestion has been made , that;
Bryan would swing his strength" to this
or that candidate, and the Democrats
who were anxious to organize a 1 win-',
nlng coalition investigated and "found
that outside of the Nebraska delegation
the former "candidate had no following
save the few scattered delegates who
were, bound by" the unit : rule and In
structed. : . •'-..¦ -¦¦; •'
Many visitors called at the. Nebraska
headquarters during the- day; arid ex
amined the plaster cast of Bryan ';¦ on
the mantel, but these callers" were not
the men who; are in control of "this con
vention. It is expected that there will
be a clash with Bryan, over- the 'plat
form, but that ; document Is not ¦ pre
dicted to bo a conservative utterance.
Bryan Is to '.J be accorded a", respectful
hearing, but! the dominating "element- In
the convention,. It is frequently assert
ed, will not! temporize or attempt ."to
placate or conciliate. The forces which
will adopt; the platform | and name the
candidate for President will "also name
the Vice President, and- this element
has allowed if: to become known' that
no concession to' the- minority, no vote,
catching expedient, is to be adopted in
choosing the' nominee for the second
place. , : ' ';-' '. " : ; '
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— An^ interesting
feature of the day's proceedings was
the development of the waning of
Bryan. The National Cornmittee se
lected four years ago. by a convention
following his -. unquestioned ¦ leadership
to-day turned away from him In
tling the Illinois contest. Bryan had
made the fight against Hopkins' his
own, and the unanimous action of .the
committee Indicated clearly that he no
longer wields his old-time
control. : . «">*,.: ¦ .:~ i.' ¦."*':'••'
Convention Marks
Former Leader's
Passing:
Not'the least of the efforts of the , anti-Parker men has be.en directed
toward preventing a". stampede by delegations, 'whether bound by instruc
tions'or; otherwise. It is the rank arid file that is pressing for bandwagon
seats' and,, while the anti-Parker leaders, speak disparagingly of the men
who are; so. anxious to be on the/winning • side, they ' are aware ' that these
delegates cannot be held together very long In the face of the compact
¦ '¦' "A story was current that- David B. Hill, flushed with the fruits of vic
tory,! would undertake to force upon. the opposition a platform so radical
that! some of the : Southerh : delegates' would break away from Parker. But
the Illusion was dispelledi It was to-night learned that Hill, would not be
chairman of the resolutions committee but that John A; Mac*Mahon of Ohio
or Senator Bailey of Texas would be named and that Bailey had been se
lected\o]cross' swords with William J.' Bryan in the debate over the plat
form on the- floor of- the 'convention. ' .
'Massachusetts will give no indication or pledge. of her delegates beyond
OIney. The same ,is true of Wall of Wisconsin. Harmon of Ohio and
Conkrell of Missouri, although it is. supposed that Missouri will go to
.Gorman should there be an opportunity. -The Gorman men in West Vlr
'gihia,'Maryland arid th*e District, of Columbia prefer Parker to uncer
tainty,, and. are chafing. under the restraint placed upon them by the ven
erable Henry G. Davis,, who clings to-tho hope that something may turn
up .favorable , to Gorman.
* ; Upon slender threads^of various kinds the Parker opposition has hung
its hope'V while .the" Parker men have been moving "forward with calm as
surance to other matters connected with the convention. Former Senator
Smith of New Jersey, who has been holding hU delegation in the leash,
while. it was anxious, to go to Parker, said 'that Parker 'would be nominated
unless the disagreement On the platform should drive some State delega
tion from; New -York's, candidate.* .'.:¦ '. i V V - ¦>- '-
Amonsr the candidates named who would have_been satisfactory were
P8ttlson of Pennsylvania.' Gorman of Maryland,- Gray of Delaware, Har
mon of Ohio,' OIney of Massachusetts, and Coler of New York. Upon this
proposition 7 some of the antf-Parker men have been working, but they have
not : been 'meeting with much succes: > -
;. Cohesion of the " ar. ti- Parker men is apparently impossible. Hearst
cannot transfer his' delegates, and his supporters cannot promise the in
structed and pledge Hearst" men for any man after Hearst Is out of the
running. . L i . ¦
'. Criticism of the action of Pennsylvania has been free and harsh among
some of the anti-Parker men. but others say that a proposition made by
one of the Pennsylvania leaders Is quite -fair. It is said that after the
action of the Pennsylvania delegation last night a member of the delega
tion held a conference with some] of the anti-Parker leaders and said
that Pennsylvania, notwithstanding' the Indorsement of Parker, would give
68 : votes , to any Eastern candidate— with the exception of Hearst—
upon whom the opposition would concentrate enough pledged votes which,
together ' with the ¦ 68 votes of Pennsylvania, would make.*2 votes
more than the one-third of the. convention^ .~
'.The Parker opposition was disturbed but not routed by the action
of, Pennsylvania last night. The 68 votes of that State have been for
¦wec-ks'jplaced in the Parker column and are part of the 500. odd votes that
have been claimed for him. They were not instructed, however, and if
they could have been secured for any other candidate it would have been
a serious 'blow to the Parker interests.
. . ST. LOUIS. July 5.— All day long the anti-Parker men have tried to
offer a candidate who would unite a third of the delesates. so as to have
a rallying point when complimentary ballots shall have been cast for
"favorite sons.'* The Impossibility of uniting has been made manifest, and
the most zealous opponents of Parker concede his nomination not later
than the second ballot. . ..?,;"-
; For several days Bryan and the hand-tied Tammany delegates opposed
to Parker have beenworklng to -one end— the, defeat of Parker— but they
have not moved In unison. The, Tammany delegates are listed as con
servatives and the Bryan forces as radicals, and, in consequence, their
work has been poor. Bryan was believed to, be with Hearst before the
contest opened,, but after Parker's strength was shown he suggested that
the Pennsylvania delegation should put former : Governor . Pattlson In
nomination. That falling to find, favor, . he has proposed . Judson Harmon
of Ohio. The Ohio delegation, though; loyal. to Harmon, looked upon the
plan with some suspicion, and this Idea fell, upon barren soil.
Tammany pursued its fight in attempting to foster the "favorite son"
campaign, and to-night was claiming 400 votes pledged against Parker.
This number is more than the one- third,' which would prevent a nomina
tion. But the Parker forces displayed no alarm : at ¦ the , report that the
votes were uniting in opposition to the New York candidate. Bvyan assert
ed that Parker had made no substantial gains and that the opposition
was becoming better crystallized.
There are many prominent politicians participating in the convention
who were compelled to submit to the will of Bryan in the last two con
ventions who are taking; unaffected satisfaction in the fact that to
day they are able to dictate terms. David B. Hill of New York, Ben T.
Cable and John P. Hopkins of Illinois, former Senator Smith of New Jer
sey. Patrick Collins of Boston, Hoke Smith of Georgia arid Bourke Cock
ran of New York are' among these. On the other hand, . there are
many persons taking minor parts in the' proceedings for no other reason
than that they held too much power in 1896, and 1900. Many of those who
stood bv Bryan then are not with him now. Some have returned to the con
servatives and others are watching in silence the working out of the party
programme. »
It i* certain that no convention In years wlll.be more , largely attended
than the one which will open to-morrow. Seats are in great ; demand ¦-. and
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— Radicalism has been killed in the national Democ
racy. Not only will control of the nominations be in the hands of those
Democrats who were in the minority in 1S96 and again In 1900, but the con
servatives will dictate' the platform and assume full charge of the party's
destinies.
In defiance of such handicaps as were created by the ambitious friends
of Gorman. Cleveland, Gray, OIney, McClellan and "favorite sons" who had
followings that divided the conservative columns, this element, which ad
vanced the claims of Democratic rehabilitation, struggled against the com
bined opposition of Bryan, representing the ruling Democratic force in the
last two Presidential contests, and the personal campaign conducted by Wil
liam R. Hearst.
Throughout the week the Parker forces received material accessions from
one candidate or another until the opposition is now confessedly- in .the mi
nority and seemingly too unorganized to present a fighting front. The band
wagon seats are in such demand that the nomination is confidently predicted
on the second ballot, and the surprise would be small if the first were deci
sive.
Thoturh the result of the contest for the Presidential nomination seems to
be as rood as settled, that spirit which moves factions' to war against each
other has not been so far removed that the convention will be lacking' in en
thusiasm or Interest. The changed position of those who are in power now
and those who controlled four and. eight years ago Is attracting wide atten
tion from delegates and persona who are assembled as spectators. .
. William J. Bryan Is the most picturesque figure.' Twice the candidate of
his party for the Presidency, but running on a platform forced upon the
nominating conventions by his compelling personality and_ which robbed him
of harmonious party fealty, he is in the position of fighting for recognition
against the element which has returned to power.
Opposition to J\lew Yorker Dwindles
to Insignificance on Eve of
Convention.
Delegates Are Scrambling to Get
Aboard the Judge Parker
Bandwagon.
The order was issued at 2 p. m. and
at 4 p. m. Governor Peabody declared
rnartial law over and delivered Moyer
over to the civil authorities. At the
time Governor Peabody, General Bell
and Captain Wells were served with
the writ Moyer was not in their cus
tody, and It was not In their province
to discharge or deliver him, so they
contend.
When martial law came to an end
Moyer was given into the custody of
the Sheriff of San Miguel County, and
on June 17 was delivered to the Sheriff
of Teller County on a warrant charg
ing him with conspiracy to murder.
<;c.v*>rr:or Peabody justified his action,
ttatlng that a condition of rebellion
existed ard that martial law and troops
wcr<> r.ecssary to suppress it.
DENVER. July 6.— Charles H. Moyer.
president of the Western Federation of
Miners, -was released from custody by
Sheriff Edward Bell of Teller County
in this city this afternoon after furnish
ing bonds for $10,000 on the charges of
murder and inciting riot filed against
him at Cripple Creek- Bonds were pro
vided by a guaranty company. Moyer
had been a prisoner 103 days, and dur
ing the greater portion of that time
was confined in the bullpen at Tellu
rlde on the plea of "military necessity."
Judge Thayer Issued an order giving
the complainant until August 1 to an
swer the return. No comment was made
by the court-
Bonds were also furnished here to
day for Vice President J. C. Williams
end Assistant Secretary James Kirwan
of the Western Federation. The other
executive officers of the federation, all
of whom are included in the informa
tions filed at Cripple Creek, are not now
In the State. Secretary-Treasurer Wil
liam D- Haywood, it was announced,
has gone to Chicago, but will return in
& few fit.ys.
£T. LOUIS, July 5.— Governor Pea
body and Adjutant General Sherman
M. Bell of Colorado and Captain Bulke
ley Wells made answer to-day to the
¦writ of habeas corpus issued June 15
by Judge Thayer in the United States
Circuit Court, commanding them to
produce Charles H. Moyer, president
of the Western Federation of Labor,
who was held prisoner in the bullpen
in Colorado.
SIGMALS
THE EXIT
OF BRYAM
EXTERIOR OF THE ST. LOUIS COLISEUM, WHERE THE NATIOXAr/ CON'VEXTIOX OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY WILL BEGIN ITS DELIBERATIONS TO-DAY. •
President of Western Feder
ation of Miners Is Released
Under Habeas Corpus Writ
MOYER AGAIN
A FREE MAN
Among the Injured was General
Manager W. H. Gridley, who sustained
a fracture cf the arm. •:. " ;
Relief trains were hurriedly sent to
the scene with a full corps of physi
cians and surgeons.
One man. whose identity has not
been ascertained, stepped out of the
door of the smoking-car, intending to
leap from the train and take refuge
behind the abutments of the bridge.
He was lifted bodily by the wind, car
ried into an adjacent field and set
down as gently as a mother would
place her child In a chair.
Another man was pitched into a
small ditch in such a way that he was
protected from being crushed to death
by the car which rolled over him.
By this time there was a panic
aboard. Women screamed and men
grabbed their seats in fear. The third
lift of the wind heaved every part of
the train except the locomotive from
the tracks and toppled the cars over
into the ditch. The smoking-car rolled
over twice. Thomas Wiley, baggage
man, from Springfield, was killed and
Ernest Lied of Springfield was fatally
hurt.
A dozen others were bruised. by being
thrown against the sides of the cars
or cut by broken glass from the win
dows. .
Looking out of- the' window they saw
a funnel-like cloud of inky blackn^sa
sweeping toward them with fearful
rapidity. Every window wa3 hastily
put down and the ventilators closed,
but almost before this could be done
a gust of wind gave the train a lurch.
Then a weird whistling sound was
heard, there was another wrench and
then the third, which struck the cars
with frightful force.
PETERSBURG. 111.. July 5.— Ttxs
southbound passenger train on the Chi
cago, Peoria and St. Louis Railroad,
due here at twenty minutes after six
o'clock this evening, was blown off a
bridge near Oakford. eight miles north
of here, by a cycler*.
One man was killed, one fatally hurt
and a dozen persons injured. The
train had slowed down to take the
bridge, as usual at that point. A strong
wind was blowing and the passengers
aboard felt the straining of the cars to
one side,. but did, not. snspect the wind
was t* blame. -
Special Dispatch to T>.» Ca'.I.
The Achinese loss was 432 killed, in
cluding 2S1 women and S8 children, and
51 wounded. Seventeen prisoners were
taken. The I>utch casualties included
the commander, Aleut, two sergeants
and thirteen soldiers wounded. On
June 23 the Dutch troops attacked
Langatbars. when the Achinese losses
were G54 killed. Including 1SS women
and 130 children, and 49 wounded.
Twenty-eight prisoners were taken.
The Dutch losses were a captain,
T*ra<r-two roldiers aid Fix coolies
wounded.
AMSTERDAM. July 5.— A dispatch
from Batavia (Capitol of the Dutch
East Indias) says that the commander
cf the expedition to North Achin
(Northern Sumatra) attacked Likat on
June 20. ¦..'« ll
One Man Attempts to Jump and I5
Carried by the Wind to
Safety.
Commander of the Expedition Loses
His life in First Attack
Cyclone Sweeps Cars From
Track and Leaves Only
'Locomotive.
More Than a Thousand Are
Killed in Two En
gagements.
One Man Rilled and
Many Hurt in
I Illinois.
Dutch Troops Inflict
Heavy Losses on
Natives.
HURRICANE
BLOWS TRAIN
OFF BRIDGE
A CHINESE
SLAIN BY
HUNDREDS
RADICALISM IS DEAD IN NATIONAL DEMOCRACY
AND HILL-PARKER FACTION RULES TRIUMPHANT
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Vv nz tsceatem.
Alcaa*r~"Oiie. Summer's ¦Say;**
C«ntr*l— "W«dd«<tlii5i ,i*rt*L"
Chutei — Vanderille.
Pitcher's — "The Morraom."
Grand— "Barter* Trietchie."
Orpbeum — VaudivUl*. Matinee
To-Bay.
Tivoli — "BoTiia Hood."
The San Francisco Call.are unprocurable. The supply has been exhausted, and almost any pre
mium could be exacted by such persons as always find some of the much
sought cards for the purpose of speculation.
Several of the State delegations to-day appointed committees to visit
the national committee In order to get Increased supplies of admission tick
ets. Most of the applications availed nothing.
The nearest approach to a definite statement from Senator Gorman as to
his attitude before the convention was made to-night by his Intimate friend.
former Senator Davis of West Virginia. It came after a day of "constant
pressure upon Senator Davis from his own delegation to obtain a definition
¦ of Gorman's attitude, and was very brief. He simply said:
"It is understood that Mr. Gorman does not desire that his name should
be presented to the convention." f
He added the opinion that in all probability the vote of the State would
be divided on the first ballot between Senator Cockrell, Hearst and others. He
did not include Parker, but some of the members of the delegation say that
a number of them will vote for Judge Parker.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 2 and 3. .
OPPOSITION TO THE NEW YORK JURIST DWINDLES
FRESNO, July B.—J. Blohm was in
jured by the explosion of a cannon
while the Spanish-American war; vet
erans and Companies C and P : o(' the
National Guard were participating in
a sham battle last night. The. maneu
vers were being carried on in the dark
and nothing could be seen but the
flashes of the muskets and cannon.
Blohm was stooping in. front of the
cannon to get some wadding and as he
raised up the gun exploded, the charge
striking him in ' the left shoulder \ and
face. It was discovered , that a" large
splinter had pierced 1. is neck [and.sev
ered an artery. Splinters were pulled
from his breast and .face and he _ is
terribly burned. 'Blohm is a* veteran
cf the ' vanish war and is 25 years old.'
Severing Artery, s
Cannon Explodes and Large Splinter
Is Driven Into Ex-Soldier's Neck,
SPANISH WAR VETERAN ,:. .
HURT IN- SHAM BATTLE
RELIEF FUXD STARTED.
American Tourists Contribute Money
for Norge Survivors.
COPENHAGEN*; July 5.— A subscrip
tion In behalf of the relatives of the
victims and of the rescued passengers
of the Danish steamer Norge, which
foundered Tuesday, June 28, was
opened here to-day. Among the first
donors, were American tourists. Con
dolences are pouring in from the royal
family and people in America and else
where.
The wives of two of the Immigrants
lost on the Norge attempted suicide by
drowning to-day, but they were saved
at the last moment.
. According to an order issued by the
company, small steamers have begun a
search of the islands and waters In the
neighborhood of Rockall for surviv
ors.
Crown Prince Frederick, who is re
gent In the absence of King Christian,
has received conflolences from several
sovereigns.
STRIKE SITUATION IN
SYDNEY IS SERIOUS
Militia and Disorderly Element Clash
and Plans Arc Made to Meet
Further Trouble.
SYDNEY. C. B., July 5.— The strike
situation here is critical, but the city
officials express the opinion that the
militia now on duty will be able to
hold the disorderly element in check.
The Sydney Field Battery and a de
tachment from the Forty-ninth High
land Regiment are patrolling the Do
minion Iron and Steel Company's prop
erty.
A, new danger which "concerns this
section is the possible extension of the
strike of the collieries of the Dominion
Coal Company, a corporation which,
although controlled by . the , interests
which own the steel works, has no?
been brought into the difficulty up to
this time. 7
The military and .the strikers clashed
to-day when the crowd about the steel
works refused to let Director Frazer of
the works, a sales agent and, the super
intendent reach the gates. A squad of
soldiers was called, and it* was only by
vigorous use of the bayonet that a
passageway was made. It is apparent
that the strikers are masters of the sit
uation outside the works.
SYDNEY, C. B., July '5.— It is under
stood plans are now under considera
tion to increase the military on duty to
2000 for the further protection of .the
non-union men. •
A handsome young woman ap
peared at noon yesterday In Superior
Judge Graham's courtroom and after
a very brief recital of neglect, deser
tion and cruelty was granted an inter
locutory decree of divorce. The case
was that of Gertrude M. Sargent
against - George \T. Sargent, an adver
tising solicitor. They were married
at Chicago July 22, 1901, and have
separated six times since because of
his inability to pay hotel bills and
household expenses. ¦ In an amended
complaint which was not submitted to
the consideration of the court she re
cites the, details of their troubles,
which included his inability to pay
the landlord at the Manitou Hotel in
Salt Lake, their housekeeping, ex
penses In a cottage in the same city,
and various tradesmen and landlords
at Los Angeles and San Rafael. Sev
eral times,', for the reason mentioned,
she left him and went to her mother
in Denver, but upon representations
from him as to his willingness and
ability to support her in the style she
had been used to, '.she returned to him
for periods ranging from one to four
months. 1 At San Rafael he Is said to
have shaken her and applied vile epi
thets and in December of last year he
repeated the. insult on the streets of
San • Francisco.
'. It develops that the defendant in a
suit for divorce filed June 21 by Nel
lie J. Davidson against William WV
Davidson is an r attorney who has
made a specialty of obtaining divorces
for other persons. Mrs. Davidson in
her complaint says that he is able to
earn from $100 to $300 a month at
his profession, but that the only com
munity property consists of house
hold goods of small value. Titus. &
Wright are Mrs. : Davidson's attor
neys.
. In the case of Benson against Ben
son, Judge Graham granted the aged
husband a divorce on "the ground of
desertion. They were married ih % : 1872
and the. wife^bf 5 more than a quarter
of a century deserted him without lex
plaining \the'/ cause. Judge 'Graham
brought Ottt the fact that the plaintiff
Pretty Mi's. Sargent Given a Divorce.
K Attorney Davidson's Wife Wants
Separation.
HUSBAND UNABLE TO
PAY THE HOTEL BILLS
"Four years ago," he said, "my wife
and infant child died, leaving me one
son, who died three months ago. This
boy I fairly Idolized. Since then life
for me has been but a dreary waste.
I have nothing more to live for. I have
plenty of money, but that will not
bring back my loved ones."
The stranger's emotion made so great
an impression on the father that he
consented to let the boy be taken to
Washington to be educated with the
understanding that the boy be sent
home at least twice each year.' Yester
day SpofWrd ¦ took the boy to. Ogden,
agreeing to bring him back.to T day in
case the lad decided not to go to Wash
ington. The boy' got homesick and
Spofford returned him to his parents
to-night. Spofford is said to be a eon
of Ainsworth R. Spofford, librarian" bf
Congress. He left for the East to
night.
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 5.— With
his voice so choked with sobs that he
could talk only at intervals, C. A. Spof
ford, who says he is a stenographer to
President Roosevelt, pleaded with J. H.
Woolsey of Salt Lake to let him adopt
the latter's twelve-year-old son. El
win, who, Spofford says, is the exact
image of hi« own little son who died
three months ago. Spofford met the
Woolsey boy in the street a few days
Ago, bought the lad a new suit of
clothes and accompanied him home,
where he endeavored In vain to per
suade the boy's parents to let him
adopt their Bon.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
WEASELS MAK-. FIERCE
ATTACK OX SIlEEPOWNEIi
Washington Stockman Compelled to
Fight for Life With Band of
Little Animals.
TACOMA. July 5.— Frank Hawley. a
sheepowner, residing at Lynden, had a
fierce tight yesterday with a band tX
weaaela which attacked his sheep. Hui
rying to the spot where his sheep were
In a panic. Hawley was surprised tr>
find three dozen weaas'.s attacking hia
flock. When he picked up a stick ami
began fighting them they left the sheep
and attacked him. Hawley'a faithful
dog joined In the fight.
Hawley struck right and left at the
small anlmalfl until his club wait
broken. As he started to pick up an
other club a number of weasels at
tacked, his trousers leg and tore out
pieces of cloth. Two of the little fight
ers got hold of the" dog's nose, and It
was with great difficulty that he shook
them off. At the end of an hour the
weasels were put to flight.
Father Yields to Entreaty,
but Child Will Not Go
From Home to Washington
WOULD ADOPT THE BOY
Stenographer to President
Sees Lad That Eesembles
Dead Son and Is Overcome
The only visitor of importance to
Sagamore Hill during the early hours
of the day was JSenator Beveridge
of Indiana, He is a guest of Joseph
Searce at the latter's country home
not far from Sagamore Hill. It was
the first", time since the Chicago con
vention that the President and Sena
tor Beveridge .have met and their in
terview was purely informal and a
friendly exchange of views on politi
cal subjects and was without special
significance.
OYSTER BAY. L. I., July 5. — Pres
ident Roosevelt to-day transacted the
first public business he has taken up
since his arrival here on Saturday.
While npthins of serious importance
was considered, he and Secretary
Loeb spent two or three hours in dis
posing of minor official matters and
current correspondence.
The President has not yet taken up
the question of the appointment of a
successor, to the late J. H. Brigham,
Assistant Secretary of Agriculture,
and it may be some time before the
appointment will be announced.
BEGS PARENT
FOR HIS SON
Arder Kopkin, Durke Risman . and
five children, Yudel Zernidew, • Meir
Selischtoh, Abraham Scharf, Edward
Bohn. Wilhelm Hansen, Johanna Mehr,
Karl ilathisen, Mrs. Mathisen and two
children, Mrs. Isidor Hansen, Miss
Hansen; Ingrid. Esther and Andrea
Hansen; Inya. Gudrun, Finar, Harriet,
Haruld and Snyrid Jurgensen; Anton
Alson, MIsf SIvexsten, Heinrich and
George Bahr, Carl Ekt, Mathilde Lund,
Olaf J. Olson, Necharue and A&ron
Chatzkelowitz, Jache and Chatje Ho
defines berg; Mojacho, Israel, Miham
and Chaje Wechaler, Hirsch Lew, Sam
and Simmon Kochlia, Schmuel Logan;
Johanna, Kodt, Chaje and Samuel
Chcllz; Herman Werner, Jorden Knud
sen, Christian Christiansen, Anders
Jenson; Carl Henderson, wife and two
children.
at various points along the British
coast. The list received to-day was as
follows:
Mr. Roosevelt Has "Not Yet
Decided Upon a Successor
to Late Secretary Brighain
The committee on resolutions in its
report to the convention reaffirmed
adherence to the basic truths of the
Omaha platform of 1892 and of the
subsequent platforms of 1896 and
1900. The platform then demands
that all money be issued directly by
the Government, every dollar to be
full lefcal tender; demands postal sav
ings banks; upholds the right of labor
to organize, and favors the enactment
of legislation for the improvement of
the. condition of the wage-earners;
demands the initiative and referen
dum; favors prohibition of the alien
ownership of lands: demands the
withdrawal of special privileges to
trusts and monopolies, and declarea
that the Government should own and
control • the % railroads, telegraph and
telephone systems and should provide
a : oarcels-post.
- The platform was adopted unani
mously. '"¦ . ;V^';
Former Congressman E. F. RIdgley
of Kansas attempted to secure the post
ponement of the nomination until after
the St. -Louis convention, but the con
vention promptly tabled his resolution.
After the convention adjourned a
meeting of the national committee
was held, James H. Harris of Illinois
being elected ' chairman, Charles O.
France of Lincoln, Neb., secretary, and
George W. Washburn of Boston treas
urer.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. July 5.— Thomas
E. Watson of Georgia, for President,
and Thomas T. Tibbies, of Nebraska,
for Vice President, were nominated by
the Populist convention to-day. The
names of William V. Allen of Nebraska
and SamUel W. Williams of Indiana
were placed before the convention for
President, but before' the list of State3
had been completed in the roll call they
were withdrawn and Watson was nomi
nated by acclamation.
Former Senator Allen made good his
word that he would not enter into any
scramble for the nomination, and while
the nominations were being made he
twice instructed the chairman of the
Nebraska delegation to say his name
must not go before the convention. In
the face of this, however, he received
more than forty votes.
Whether -Watson will accept the nomi
nation or not no one in the convention
seemed to know, and all efforts to ob
tain some definite Information from
Watson's friends failed. Watson was
quoted as having said that if the Dem
ocrats at St. Louis nominated Hearst
he would support him for President.
Williams of Indiana received only a
few votes and soon, withdrew, moving
to make Watson's nomination unani
mous.
There were five nominations for Vice
President — Thomas H. Tibbies of Ne
braska. Theodore B. Hinder of Penn
sylvania, L. H. Weller of Iowa, George
P. Washburn of Massachusetts and
Samuel W. Williams of Indiana.' The
latter two declined and Tibbies received
practically all the votes on the first
ballot.
Nominee May Decline
¦•;•: to Enter Race for
Presidency.
BEVERIDGE .MAKES CALL
TOPULIST PARTY'S NOMINEE FOR
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES. - -
President Reaches His Sum
mer Home and Prepares to
\ Take Up Official Matters
DOES THINKING
AT OYSTER BAY
The anxiety of many among the hun
dreds v ho have haunted the offices of
the 'Scandinavian Steamship Company
In New York since yesterday, waiting
news, of th«* Ill-fated steamer Norge
was relieved to-day when a partial list
of the eurvlvors at Stornoway was re
ceived from Copenhagen. It has been
known since yesterday that 128 survi
vors of the disaster have been landed
While the stories of the purvivors
naturally differ In some details, In the
main they agree that In the supreme
moment there were exhibitions of mar
velous heroism and additional stories
of their experiences to-day only add
In this particular to what has already
beon told.
Wh<-n the s-urviVors were dragged on
the trav.lcr the fishermen were obliged
to forcibly prevent them from eating
and drinking too much.-Jrtany of those
rescued have severe wounds sustained
In jumping on the deck of the sinking
ship. Their legs and arms are swollen
from exposure and from the salt water.
On their arrival at Aberdeen the sur
vivors were taken to the Sailors' Home.
The third mate states that three oth
er boats started with that rescued by
the Largo Bay. One'jf these contained
thirty-two persons, including several
women and children. Another boat had
fifteen men, with the second mate in
charge. The third boat had ten men on
board. Ths survivors parted company
•with the thr;x; boats on the 3d. For
these boats the Rritish gunboat Leda.
the Government fishing cutter Jackall,
a steamer chartered by the Danish Con
fuI at Glasgow and several other ves-
Ff-ls are diligently searching. The bodies
of three children rescued from the
Norgp. only to die on shore, were buried
to-day at Stornaway amid pathetic
scenes.
They drifted at the mercy of the At
lantic for six days. When their water
and food was gone and when the occu
pants were almost too exhausted to
hope, the boat hove in sight. This was
on July 4, .when the boat was about
thirty miles off St. Kilda. Those res
t ued had eked out an existence on two
biscuits per day. When they started
from the ill-fated ship there was only
one small cask of fresh water intha
boat. They weathered a gale and con
tinued as best they might, striving to
reach the coast of Scotland against the
heavy seas. From stretches of Iifebelt3
they constructed a crude sail. The men
had Ecarcely strength enough to hold
the oars.
ABERDEEN. Scotland, July 5.—Sev
enteen survivors of the ill-fated Danish
steamer Norge. which foundered off
Rockall Reef, 2£*> miles from the Scot
tish mainland, on June 28, were landed
at Aberdeen, Scotland, to-night by the
steam trawler Largo Bay. Six hundred
and twenty-seven persons are missing,
it is reported. The contingent now be
ing cared for at Aberdeen consists of
twelve passengers, the third mate of
the Norge, the quartermaster.the stew
ard, a lamp trimmer and one of the
crew. ¦
Steam Trawler Picks Up
Craft Containing Seventeen
Survivors of the Wreck
Rescued Passengers of Dan
ish Ship Landed at Town
of Aberdeen. Scotland
DEDUCES LIST OF DEAD
VESSEL FINDS
BOAT OF NORGE
"We oppose the Republican policy
of starving home development tn or
der to feed the greed for conquest and
the 'schoolboy appetite' for national
'prestige* in displays of strength."
The money plank i* left entirely to
the decision of the committee on reso
lutions'.
"We favor just and liberal appro
priations for the inauguration and
maintenance of needed public works,
especially appropriations In the inter
est of navigation, with the view of
cheaper transportation by land, and
water.
-"We oppose the issuance of inter
est-bearing bonds as long as the Fed
eral Government has money deposited
in the treasury or in banks, subject; to
call, sufficient to meet the expendi
tures necessary for the Army/* navy
and the civil .government and for
needed public works. . •
"We favor- the maintenance of the
Monroe doctrine in "its full Integrity
as conceived by Jefferson, announced
by Monroe and signally executed by
Grant and Cleveland.
"We favor the preservation, so far
as we can, of an open door for the
world's commerce in the Orient, with
out unnecessary entanglement in Ori
ental and European .affairs and with
out arbitrary, unlimited, Irresponsible
and absolute government anywhere
under the Stars and Stripes or within
the jurisdiction of the Union.
"We favor the -faithful execution,
without executive construction In the
courts of the country, of the laws of
the United States as they are written
and especially the enforcement with
out fear or favor of the interstate
commerce and anti-trust laws. \
BOND ISSUES OPPOSED.
turner above a reasonable and just
profit. »
"We favor the restoration, as far
as possible, under the prestige of the
Democracy — the historic and ever
lusting party of America — of the for
eign policy made sacred to the Amer
ican people by the memory of the
precepts, and practices of George
Washington as President of the Unit
ed States, when advised and counseled
by Thomas Jefferson as his Secretary
of State, to-wlt: a broad American
policy of 'friendly relations with all
nations and entangling alliances with
none.' "
"We favor *k reduction of tariff tax
ation upon trust-produced articles to a
point where foreign competition may
enter the American market wherever
trusts and combines, seeking monopoly,
raise their prices to the American con-
"We favor the nomination and elec
tion of a President trained In the ways
of the Constitution, who shall set his
face sternly against executive usurpa
tion of legislative and judicial func
tions, whether that usurpation be veil
ed under the guise of executive con
struction of existing laws or whether
it take refuge In the tyrant's plea of
necessity or superior wisdom.
"We favor a wise, conservative and
business-like revision and reduction of
the tariff by friends of the masses and
of the common weal and not by friends
of its abuses, its extortions and its dis
crimination, keeping in view the ulti
mate end of 'equality of burdens and
equality of opportunities' and the con
stitutional purpose of raising revenue
by taxation.
"We favor economy in the Federal
administration, .and to that end the
cutting off of all unnecessary and im
perialistic expenditures — the former as
soon as possible after our accession to
power and the latter gradually, but
surely and safely.
The New York delegation is active
in the platform question and the Bryan
forces are equally alert. While it Is
unlikely that any effort will be piado
to reaffirm the Kansas City and Chi
cago money planks, it is deemed inf
probable that an attempt will be made
to declare for the gold standard. There
fore both factions have their idea as to
what the harmonizing planks will be.
PLATFORM- PARKER FAVORS.
It is said that the platform drawn up
by John Sharp Williams of Mississippi
is acceptable to the Parker men. Some
of its main features are as follows:
ST. LOUIS* July 5.— The making of
the party platform will be one of the
most interesting of the contests. It is
certain that many persons, disappoint
ed in their inability to add their share
of authority in the ticket making, will
take up the platform discussion and
advance .ideas as widely diverging as
those presented in the- dozens of the
State convention platforms offered for
the consideration of the national con
vention.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Tarpey, unruffled by the anger of the
Lett Ahgelenos, makes the claim that
he has formed a combination that ab
solutely precludes the nomination of
Alton B. Parker. The great political
manipulators that are handling Par
kefs fight smile at the claim, but Tar
pey openly boasts that 400 delegates
will cast their ballots first and last
against the New York jurist. At a
meeting of the California, delegation
this afternoon Tarpey announced these
figures. He said that in insuring the
Joseph Simons of Los Angeles, who
was clothed with the empty honor of
vice chairman, added to the disturb
ance by throwing up his present olio.
This makes the south solid and sore.
The vice chairman does not carry the
dignity of a committeeman. If the
south could not be represented on
committee, Simons refused to enjoy
posing as one of the forty or fifty fig
urehead vice chairmen. His colleague
commended hia course. His successor
will be named to-morrow.
PUTS UP A BOLD FRONT.
"But he was wrong. Tarpey refused
to break the slate. He had placed the
honors in the north and there they
must remain. Argument and protest
were wasted. As a result the Los An
geles delegates— in fact, all of those
who had journeyed here from south of
Tetrachapi — are roaring mad. Joined
with McGee and Mooser. the McNab
men of the delegation, they constitute a
formidable opposition to Tarpey's
forces and Hearst would be out several
votes to-night if .these delegates could
cast aside their conscience and bolt in
structions. As it Is they may yet make
trouble for Tarpey.
Isidore Dockweiler of Los Angeles
arrived here In time to see the turning
down 6t' McCarthy. He is beside him
self with Joy. The Los Angelenos are
getting a sample of the Tarpey— and,
incidentally, the Hearst— method, he
says, and he trusts they will not for
get. McCaffery is a big man with the
labor people of his section of the State,
Dockweiler points out, and he is con
fident the ignoring of McCaffery's ap
peal will put a different result on the
next contest In which Hearst and Tar
pey are principals.
Late to-night it was announced that
McCarthy could go on the committee
to notify the nominee for Vice Presi
dent, if he desired. He declined this
position with a sarcastic smile and said
he was looking for an opportunity to
do something for his party, not for an
opportunity to spend his money to sat
isfy his vanity.
TARPEY IS UNYIELDING.
It was McCaffery that hammered the
San Diego delegation into line for In
structions for Hearst, when defeat was
it Tarpey's throat. If the right of the
south to representation on committee
were not recognized, McCarthy was
positive that McCaffery's appeal would
be considered.
J. Harvey McCarthy. Martin C.
Marsh and Martin F. Betkouskl, dele
gates from Los Angeles, arrived her*
this morning. Out bf courtesy to them.
Tarpey had postponed the * meeting
called to confirm appointments of com
mltteemen. But when the Los An
gelenos arrived they refused to "take
programme." McCarthy, wanted to go
on a committee. He told Tarpey he
was ambitious to wrest some honor
from his position and that as the south
was unrepresented on the committees
his request should be granted. To
make his position stronger, he present
ed a personal appeal from Tom Mc-
Caffery, a Southern Pacific official of
Los Angeles, asking that his request
be granted.
HEADQUARTERS CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION, ST. LOUIS, July 5.—
The California delegation to .the Demo
cratic National Convention, swept by
dissension, would have split wide open
to-night "were it not for the iron bamls
of instruction, welded at the State Con
vention in Santa Cruz, that hold it
together. M. F. Tarpey. unmindful of
the support given him by the Los An
geles delegation in his hard fight for
Instruction, refused to-day to permit
the southern portion -of the State to
be represented on any of the commit
tees that are • high in the scale of
BY FREDERIC \V. BISHOP.
Staff Corre»pondent of The Call.
defeat of Parker the friends of Hearst
had overcome the greatest obstacle in
the road to victory. He urged that the
delegates redouble their effort* on be
half of their candidate, as he believed
Hearst's chances were more favorable
than those of any man whose candi
dacy has won the stamp of promi
nence.
The fact that Tarpey thus Informed
the California delegation is no in
dication that he voiced unbiased
opinion. He is too old a politi
cian to betray his view. On ths
night before his Waterloo In the fight
for the chairmanship of the Santa Cruz
convention he smilingly announced
that the fight was won when It was a
foregone conclusion that he was beaten.
He knew he was beaten, too, but no In
dication came from him. Tarpey is not
less informed as to the situation here
than all of his adherents. They see 1 no
chance for victory and m Tarpey's
stand they only see an effort to hold
for Hearst for the first ballot .the
largest number of votes possible. Tha
second ballot. It Is the general opinion.
will place Hearst out of the running.
Tarpey, after he concluded his
analysis of the Presidential situation,
announced his selections for commlt
teemen, as heretofore published.
MOOSER CRITICIZES McCABE.
An adjournment was about to ba
taken when Delegate Louis H. Mooser
complained that McCabe. secretary of
the delegation, had caused unnecessary
statements to be published about him.
McCabe said he regretted he had been
the cause of friction In the delegation
and as the row over the turning dow?.
of McCarthy eclipsed all other dissen
sions the affair was allowed to drop.
McCabe still retains his smile "and
Mooser his frown, but it is the general
opinion that the incident is closed.
The absence of former Governor
Budd. who Is an admit harmonlzer. is
an element of weakness in the flgrht
being made by the California delega
tion for Hearst. His magnetic person
ality and knowledge of the art of bring
ing: men into line make him a valuable
campaigner and his presence at the
head of the Callfornians would enthuse
them to greater efforts. Many Inquiries
are made about Budd by the Eastern
politicians, who have heard of hia
prowess as an organizer and cam
paigner. He is known as California's
biggest Democrat and would be a cen
tral figure had he made the trip to St.
Louis.
Among the San Franciscans who
celled at the California headquarters
tc-day were Sidney Schwartz, J. B.
Brooks, A. Ruef, Alfred Roncovieri,
Walter Gallagher and R. Porter Ashe.
Ruef met many Eastern politicians and
absorbed all he cauld fina on the subtle
game of caucus and ballot.
After a meeting of the Nevada dele
gation to-day Senator Newlands said:
"We are not instructed for Hearst, as
has been asserted. A resolution favor
ins Hearst was adopted by our conven
tion, but we were In no way bound tr>
stand by Mr. Hearst throughout the
fight. If it develops that It la to our
best interests to vote for some other
candidate we are at liberty to do so."
This statement is specially significant
in view of the fact that several delega
tions are considering the advisability
of abandoning the Hearst band wagon.
Sonthern Members, Shorn of Honors,
Are in Insurrection Against
Chairman Tarpey.
Text of the Draft Which May Become
Democracy's Argument in
the Campaign:
DELEGATION FROM CALIFORNIA
STIRRED BY. A BITTER QUARREL
WATSON OF GEORGIA CHOSEN
BY POPULIST CONVENTION
TO HEAD NATIONAL TICKET
PLATFORM DRAWN BY WILLIAMS f
SATISFACTORY TO JUDGE PARKER
FACTIONS MAY COMPROMISE ON THE PLATFORM
• - %
Parker forces. With an almost solid South lined up for him, with New
York and Pennsylvania for him, as well as votes in many other sections, it
is very difficult to convince the average delegate how Parker can be de
feated under these conditions and he is anxious to participate in the nom
ination of a successful candidate*
DELEGATES HURRYING ABOARD PARKER BANDWABQN
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 6.
The Nantucket South Shoals light
ship is "farther from land than any
other . in- the world, . being ' flfty-two
miles from, the island.
did not intend to be married again.
It" appeared In print Sunday that
Marcus B. Dye had secured a divorce
from his wife. Mary. The report was
erroneous in that the divorce was
granted to the wife on a cross-com
plaint on the ground Of desertion and
she was awarded the custody of their
children and $25 a month alimony.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL', .WEDNESDAY, JULY 0, 190i.
2
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
A LETTER TO OUR READERS
B3 Cottage St. Melrose. Mass.
Dear Sir: Jan. Jlth. 1904.
"Ever Plnce I was in the Army, I had
more or less kidney trouble, and within
the past year it became so severe and
complicated that I suffered everything
and was much alarmed — my strength
and power were fast leaving me. I saw
an advertisement of Swamp-Root and
wrote asking for advice. I began the
use of the medicine and noted a decided
improvement after taking Swamp-Root
only a short time.
"I continued its use and am thankful
to say that I am entirely cured and
strong. In order to be very sure about
this, I had a doctor examine some of my
water to-day and he pronounced it all
right and in splendid condition. •
"I know that your Swamp-Root is
purely vegetable and does not contain
any harmful drugs. Thanking you for
my complete recovers* and recommending
Swamp-Root to all sufferers I am."
Very truly yours,
I. C. RICHARDSON.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, sent absolutely free by mail, also
a book telling all about Swamp-Root. If
you are already convinced that Swamp-
Root is what'ySu need, you can purchase
the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size
bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
Don't make any mistake, but remember
the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Bingnam-
ton, N. Y.. on every bottle.
ADV^EBTTSEHEirra.
|f ©w p© Toy Lire-
Tbats what every body
Says who tries it!
I So\f£r///vG Good ro# roc/,- I
I ash for tr. jReception to Utah ' Delegatrs.
ST. LOUIS. July 5.— Utah delegates
"When a mother hustles her chil
dren out of the room when another
woman caHs it's a sign there is gos
sip in the air
ST. LOUIS. July 6.— So much atten
tion hs been given to the Presidential
nomination that no conclusion ' has
been reached regarding the Vice Pres
idency. ''Several names have been
mentioned and one or two active can
didates are in the field. The friends
of former Senator Turner of Wash
ington believe that he may be nom
inated. Several Northwestern dele
gations from the inter-mountain coun
try are to be thrown for Judge Par
ker in expectation of reciprocity from
those most Interested in Parker's
nomination.
Thus far no sign has been given by
the leaders that a candidate will be
sought on the Pacific Coast. ' In fact,
some one who will add strength to the
ticket in Illinois and Indiana is want
ed, and If a satisfactory man can be
found in either of these 'States he un
doubtedly will have good support.
The suggestion has been made that
David S. Rose of Wisconsin migJit be
selected, but that State refuses to have
him considered, for fear that any
thing of the kind might be considered
disloyal to E. C. Wall as a Presidential
candidate.
Benjamin F. Shlveley and John W.
Kern of Indiana and David R. Francis
of Missouri have been mentioned in
connection with the second place, but
no effort has been made to obtain con
sideration for either of them. • ?
SECOND PLACE IN DOUBT.
ST. LOUIS. July 5. — It was gossiped
about the corridors to-night that the
Parker faction had sent a request to
Senator Gorman to preside over the
convention. He had not been rearched,
however, having left his home for
Washington. THe Maryland delega
tion had no word from him and his
son, who is here, said that he had been
unable to reach him. So the matter
is in abeyance.
GORMAN MAY PRESIDE.
* It can be stated on the -best author
ity that the Wisconsin delegation will
Knthusiastically for Parker was the
meeting of the Tennessee delegation,
which organized and elected officers. K.
E. Mount was chosen national eommit
teeman. It was decided to hold the
Catmaek boom for Vice President in
abeyance until the Presidential nomina
tion shall have been disposed of.
The Virginia delegation, which ar
rived to-day, saw in an evening paper
of yesterday that it was for Senator
Gorman for President. The delegates
all signed the following declaration,
written by Senator Daniel:
"The chairman is hereby instructed to
cast the vote of the delegation for Al
ton B. Parker as long as his name Is
before the convention."
When the delegation met later it
formally resolved In the same sense.
Instructed for Parker, the Texas del
egation at its meeting to-day had only
to organise. The meeting was entirely
harmonious, and although no formal
resolutions were adopted, the unanim
ous sentiment, of ._ the delegation ap
peared to favor a conservative plat
form. R. M. Johnston was elected na
tional eommitteeman, Senator Bailey
member of the resolutions committee
and T. W. Gregory member of the cre
dentials committee. The delegation did
pot commit itself on the subject of the
Vice Presidency. Representative T. H.
Ball was selected to second the nom
ination of Judge Parker and C. .11.
Smith to second the nomination of the
Vice Presidential candidate.
Inquiry among the North, Carolina
delegation shows that Parker senti
ment is predominant, and as this del
egation is subject to the unit rule Par
ker Is assured its vote. %
DELAWARE STANDS BY GRAY.
At an informal conference of the Del
aware delegation early to-day it was
decided that the delegation should
stand by Judge Gray. While the de
cision was not final, it was said that
as yet' the delegation" saw no reason. to
abandon its "favorite son."
TENNESSEE FOR PARKER.
"We will vote for Olney to the last."
said he. "Notwithstanding the claims
of the Parker leader?, we refuse to be
stampeded. Wq don't believe Parker
has the necessary votes, and we do be
lieve that if we stay in the fight until
Parker is defeated we will ' get the
Hearst strength and finally win with
the nomination of Olnev."
i
Massachusetts elected William A.
Gaston .national eommitteeman, vice
George Fred Williams. The delegation
appointed a committee of five to imme
diately make a canvass of the ur.in
structed delegations with a view to
gathering in all the QUiey votes possi
ble. Massachusetts claims the vote of
Maine for her candidate. Representa
tive Thayer. a member of the delega
tion, said after the meeting that the
situation was by no means regarded
as hopeless for Olney.
sion was reached, but the tendency is
to accept the situation, if fairly liberal
declarations can be obtained. Bryan
probably will not make a platform
fight on the convention floor, He has
not formally declared his position, but
his fellow delegates thus interpret it.
At the meeting of the Nebraska del
egation to-day, W. J. Bryan was ap
pointed to represent the State upon the
committee on resolutions and there was
some discussion of the position the
State shall assume as to the platform.
Bryan's contention will be for the re
affirmation of the Kansas City plat
form, but the delegation the
futility: of such a stand. The "discus
sion, therefore, was devoted to the con-:
sideration of what to do. No conclu-
BRYAN MAY SURRENDER.
Andrew M. Lawrence, who is one of
the active managers of the Hearst can
didacy, was nominated for chairman of
the delegation against John P. Hop
kins, who is personally opposed to
Hearst. Lawrence received eight votes,
including that of Hopkins, while the
latter received forty-six votes.
The Michigan delegation is evenly
divided between -Parker and Hearst,
but with all the members present it
is claimed that Parker will have a ma
jority of two. The Parker forces are
under the leadership of D. J. Campau.
The Hearst men offered to compromise
the situation by voting for Campau for
president, but he declined. ' As the
unit rule prevails in the delegation,
Campau hopes to swing the entire vote
for Parker. v<Y:-i;
LAWRENCE TURNED DOWN.
Before the Illinois delegates met for
their caucus this afternoon it was ru
mored that they were about to bolt
their Hearst instructions and come out
for Parker on the first ballot. There
was no foundation for the rumor and
Chairman Fred J. Kern declared in his
address that the delegates of Illinois
would be faithful to all the obligations
imposed upon them by the State Con
vention.
In the expression of preference the
final vote stood: Parker, 25; OJney, 2;
McClellan, 7; Hearst. 4; Harmon. 7,
and Folk, 1, Tom Johnson voting for
the last named candidate.
Much feeling was manifested in the
delegation at the action of the Parker
men in withdrawing the name of Jud
son Harmon. It was claimed that
earlier in the day forty out of forty
six of the delegates had been fledged
to vote for Harmon for the Presidency
and Hearst and McClellan men and all
the factions opposed to Parker were
urged to concentrate on Ohio's favor
ite son.
John R. McLean was elected national
eommitteeman, Tom Johnson alone op
posing the motion that the election be
made unanimous. John A. McMahon
was elected over Tom Johnson as mem
ber of the resolutions committee.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— At a caucus last
ing several hours the Ohio delegation
to-night adopted a resolution declaring
that the delegates should vote their
voluntary preference for candidates
for President. A majority express
themselves for Judge Parker and since
Ohio Is under the unit rule this action
is believed to presage the action of the
delegation in the convention. It was
agreed, however, that the action of to
night should not be binding. It is un
derstood that Judson Harmon's name
was withdrawn at his request, tele
graphed to a close friend in the dele
gation.
ST. LOUIS. July 5. — The Philippine
delegates got together soon after the
national committee meeting to-day
and drew up a protest to the conven
tion. The delegates feel that the fail
ure of the Philippine Democratic plat
form, adopted on April 30, 1904, to de
clare for the independence of- the
islands is largely responsible for their
treatment. This platform asks for a
Territorial form of government and
free trade on the same basis as Porto
Rico.
Delegates Object to the National Com
mittee's Ruling.
PROTEST OF PHILIPPINES.
ST. LOUIS. July 5.— Tammany fur
nished one of the few sensational in
cidents of the day by swiftly back
tracking on a semi-official announce
ment that it had dropped its opposition
to Parker. During the forenoon the
organization allowed it to become
known through some of its most prom
inent representatives that it had de
cided to join the Parker forces. After
a period of silence and apparent po
litical idleness, late this afternoon it
renewed its warfare against his can
didacy and Senator Dowling, Charles
A. Towne, Bird S. Coler and Bourke
Cockran started to poll the delegates
and ask for votes against Parker. Sen
ator Dowlingr, on behalf of Charles F.
Murphy, made this statement:
"Judge Parker cannot be nominated.
We have 400 votes, more than one-third
of the convention, pledged against him.
He cannot be nominated. Only this aft
ernoon we won three new States to our
cause."
It was said by other Tammany men
that the real object of the fight was
McClelian, but Senator Dowllng pro
tested that Tammany was simply
against Parker. Closing his interview,
he said significantly:
"You will see a very hard fight on
the platform." K'tP
Senator Hill, Edward Murphy Jr. and
William F. Sheehan were confident at
the Parker headquarters. Senator Hill
said: "Judge Parker may not be nom
inated on the first ballot, as delegations
like to pay tribute to 'favorite sons,'
but he will be on the second."
Mr. Sheehan said: "Judge Parker will
be the nominee. Nothing can stop it
now."
Ex-Senator Murphy said: "My opin
ion of the situation has not changed
and my attitude has not. No candidate
has been nominated — not even Parker.
Before saying anything further I pro
pose to await the result of the conven
tion. The action of that body will set
tle everything and Tammany will be
as loyal to the acts of this convention
as it has been to the instructions of
the New York State Convention."
Asked whether he stood for his lieu
tenant's statements that there, were
votes enough to defeat Parker, he said:
"I cannot say; others are taking care
of the campaign."
Ceases and Then Suddenly Renews Its
Anti-Parker Campaign.
TAMMANY'S FLIPFLOP.
The Nevada delegation met to-day
and elected George Russell chairman
of the delegation. Senator Francis G.
Newlands was selected for the com
mittee on resolutions. P. C. Webber
for credentials, W. E: Sharon for rules
and permanent organization. J. H.
Dennis was elected a member of the
National Committee.
The caucus' of the delegation from
Minnesota developed a warm contest
between the Hearst and anti-Hearst
forces, and after a three hours' wrangle
the former faction put through its
slate. The fight centered on the selec
tion of national commiteemanr and for
a time the ballot stood at a tie. Dele
gate Nye of Morehead, who. had been
considered an anti-Hearst man, finally
threw his vote to Hudson of Duluth.
ele'eting him over O'Connor of St. Paul,
the opposition candidate. The minority
then attempted a rally with John Llnd
as a candidate for a place" on the reso
lutions committee, but Nye again voted
with the Hearst delegates and the re
mainder of the slate was put through
without opposition.
The New Mexico delegation held its
caucus this afternoon and re-elected
H. R. Ferguson a*- member of the Na
tional Committee. The. delegation is
instructed, for Hearst, but four of the
delegation declared to-night they were
anxious . to vote for Parker, and would
do, so at the _ earliest opportunity
presented itself to break away from
Hearst.
By a vote of 24 to 2 the Kentucky
delegation decided to-night to support
the. candidacy of Judge Parker.
The Alabama delegation resolved to
support Parker. ..
vote for the nomination of Edward C.
Wall until he or some other candidate
receives the nomination.
With a divided delegation, the Ore
gon delegates met to-day, organized
and elected officers, but did not come
to an understanding regarding the
Presidential nomination. Four of the
delegates are in favor of Parker, two
are for Hearst and two have hitherto
been classed as anti-Parker. \V. F.
Butcher was elected member of the
resolutions committee, C. D. Red
fields a member of the credentials
committee and the election of a na
tional eommitteeman to succeed M. A.
Miller was postponed until a candidate
for President shall have been nomi
nated, in order that Oregon's member
of the National Committee may be in
harmony with the nominee.
The Montana delegation organized
to-day unrt elected Senator William A.
Clark chairman. The unit rule was
adopted, but the consideration of can
didates was deferred until to-morrow.
The following were elected to represent
the State on committees: Governor
Joseph K. Toole. permanent organiza
tion: W. G. Conrad, credentials, Jo
soph Smith, rules and order cf Lusi
ness: Martin Maginnls, resolutions: H.
A. Oallway, to- notify the nominee for
President. C. \V. Hoffman was elected
national eommitteeman. Senator Gib
son was absent. His alternate, Joseph
Smith, is serving.
NEVADA'S SELECTIONS.
How the Various State Delegations Are Lining Up for
the Aspirants for the Presidency.
CANDIDACY OF JUDSON HARMON IS ELIMINATED
AND OHIO'S VOTE PROBABLY WILL GO TO PARKER
I PRESIDENTIAL AND VICE PRESIDENTIAL ASPIRANTS AND OTHER CHIEFS OF THE DEMOCRACY.
The anti-Parker men held a meeting
in the room of Senator Pettlgrew to
night and discussed means to hold
enough votes to prevent the nomina
tion of Parker. Besides Pettigrew,
there were present Towne. from the
Tammany delegation; Hardy, from
Delaware, and Tarpey of California. A
committee was appointed to take
charge of the anti-Parker movement,
with a view of uniting upon a pro
gramme of action. It was claimed by
those present that more than .400 dele
gates were represented in the meeting
who would not vote for Parker and
that they would be able to hold out
until the New Yorker was defeated.
The discussion In the conference and
elsewhere developed a determined dis
position to at least make a test of
strength on the first ballot before sur
rendering. The anti-Parkers claim
that even since the defection of Penn
sylvania they will be able to control
100 votes more than the necessary one
third to prevent Parker's nomination,
but many of them concede the impos
sibility of maintaining their full
strength through many successive bal
lots unless early inroads can be made
upon the Parker strength. This dan
ger is made evident by conditions in
the anti-Parker . delegations. It is
stated, for instance, that fully one-half
the Kansas and Colorado votes will go
to Parker on the first ballot and Mary
land and West Virginia, which consti
tute the ba3e of Gorman's strength,
are ready to go over to the New York
candidate as soon as they can be re
leased from their pledge to Gorman.
The West Virginia delegation is quite
at sea because Gorman has not yet in
dicated his attitude. Senator Davis
is holding them in line for the Mary
land man if they are needed, but once
released all but two-. of the delegates
will go to Parker.
The claim was made to-day that Ala
bama will lead off in the vote for
Farker and the hope is expressed that
the example will prove strongly en
couraging to other' delegations whose
inclinations run friendly to the New
Yorker. -
"After a consultation among the
members representing the various can
didates and delegates opposed to the
nomination of Judge Parker, it was
formally agreed among them that the
nomination of Judge Parker is im
possible. The opposition represents
easily much more than the one-third
of the votes of the convention neces
sary to prevent a nomination, all of
whom agree not to support Judge
Parker's candidacy under any circum
stances."
ST. LOUIS. "July 5.— A number of the
representatives of the opposition to
Judge Parker met for conference to
day in .Hearst's headquarters at the
Jefferson and after adjournment gave
out the following statement:
One-Third of Votes.
Jurist's Foes Still Claim More Than
ANTI-PARKER CONFERENCE.
to the Democratic National Convention
were tendered a reception at their State
building at the World's Fair to-day.
In the Sixteenth District, which is
the home of Frank P. Quinn, who acted
as chairman of the convention, R. M.
Barnes, who presented the case of the
contestants, declared that the names
of the delegates as announced by Sec
retary Brennan constituted a clear case
of forgery, and asserted that the state
ments of the contestees were not en
titled to weight, because any man who
would fo.rge a signature would commit
perjury to back it up.
"Whom do you mean?" asked Quinn.
"I mean the man who altered the
names on the report of that district
caucus," replied Barnes. "I do not
know who did it. but whoever he was
he. can put the shoe on and wear it."
Quinn took the floor in his own de
fepse and declared that the statement
which had been made by the contest
ants, that the list of delegates from
the Sixteenth District had been read
to the convention, were absolutely false.
The scenes in tjiese contests were
practically repeated^ all of the oth
ers, and both sides were determined to
carry the fight to the court of last re
sort.
been selected by a regular and a bolt
ing caucus as well, and that later his
name was removed and that of Dun
can C. Best substituted. Best insisted
upon the regularity of the proceedings.
"It is perfectly evident that Senator
Hill and his following do not intend to
take a definite stand on the money
question. They are going to take a
half-way course, so as not thoroughly
to displease Mr. Bryan and his small
following."
The Tammany people are so confident
that things are going to run smoothly
that they have practically decided to
order their special train to leave on
Friday afternoon, expecting that the
convention will be over at that time.
The committee then adjourned, sub
ject to the call of the chairman. Af
ter adjournment Delegate Bird S. Coler
said:
'¦; ST. LOUIS, July 5.— The meeting of
the New York State delegation to-day
was marked by a degree of harmony
such as has not prevailed In this dele
gation at several Presidential conven
tions. It was rumored prior to th»
meeting that Tammany had practical
ly decided to retire gracefully from Its
heretofore emphatic opposition to
Judge Parker and this was seemingly
confirmed by what took place at the
delegation meeting. '
In the first place, there was no ob
jection to the selection of David B.
Hill as a member of the committee on
resolutions, and this harmonious ac
tion was repeated when State Chair
man Thomas F. Grady of Tammany
Hall was selected as the member of
the committee on rules and order of
business. Former United States Sena
tor Edward Murphy Jr. of Troy was
made chairman of the delegation and
Norman E. Mack of Buffalo was re
elected as national committeexnan.
James W. Ridgeway of Brooklyn, a
McCaren adherent, was unanimously
selected to represent the State on the
committee on credentials. »
COCKRAN'S FINANCIAL PLANK.
The only spice injected into the
meeting was the offering of a resolu
tion by Bourke Cockran, providing
that "in the opinion of this delegation
a plain statement should be included
in the platform that the decision of
the people on the money issue, as twice
exemplified in two elections, should be
the final settlement of the financial
question and of vital importance in the
next general election."
Cockran, in speaking of his resolu
tion and urging its adoption, said that
the financial scheme as presented in
the two last political platforms had
been discarded by the people and that
this decision should be the basis of fhe
financial plank in the new platform.
George Raines of Rochester opposed
Cockran's motion. He argu«d that
there was no reason for an extremely
radical course on the plank and be
lieved that the question could be safely
left In the hands of Senator Hill. He
moved that It be referred to- Senator
Hill, with power. This was adopted
by a vote of 50 to 26.
Senator Grady suggested that, should
a resolution be introduced into the
convention proposing an abrogation of
the two-thirds rule and the adoption
of- a majority rule. New York should
oppose it. Senator Hill remarked that
he thought that the- matter could be
intelligently acted upon by Senator
Grady in the committee on rules. ¦ and
it was unanimously referred to him.
CATERING TO BRYAN.
An acrimonious fight took place at
the hearing of the contest In the Twen
ty-third District. Here it was admit-
Ud that General Alfred Orendorff had
Charges of hfgh-handed work were
ma.de repeatedly against the secretary
of the State Convention, George A.
Bnennan, by the representative of eon
tuT-ants In the Twenty-third District
L. M. Katy declared that twice he had
pivrn to Brennan the names of the
delegates BeJected in the district cau
cus and twice Brennan had thrown it
tu the floor, ami he had found It there
and submitted it to the committee This
brought Brennan to his feet with an
impassioned denial, closing- with the
declaration; "Everybody knows that I
would not do such a thing." This called
forth Jeers from the contestants and
Brennan took his seat in silence.'
BARNES ASSAILS QVISS.
Several times last night the retorts
between the contesting: factions were of
bo heated a nature that Chairman Stone
of the Bub-committee was compelled to
rer>eatedly call for order, and once sug
prsted that the gentlemen from Illinois
woulU find the outride of the hotel a
proper place to conduct their argu
ments, if "their minds were made up
for a bullfight."
The fight in the' Illinois delegation in
volved thirteen districts and two of
the delegates at large, and was one of
the most bitter 'ever contested before
any convention. The hearing yesterday
and last night before the sub-commit
tee of the National Committee was only
preliminary for both sides. The bitter
v.ork will come later before the com
mittee on credentials, and it is almost
certain at this time that if there is any
chance to Bet the contest to the floor of
the convention it will go here and be
waged with energy.
The contests In the other States were
reported by the various sub-committees
as previously announced, and their
action was approved by the National
Committee, which then, adjourned.
DISPLAYS OF RANCOR.
•'The action of the committee is far
reaching." he said, "and means that
the work of a few men is to stand be
fore the wishes of the majority of the
delegates. I hope the credentials com
mittee will 6ee the question In a differ
ent light."
"It is all over." said John P. Hop
kins. "We won, as I knew we would.
There was, in fact, nothing else for the
committee to do. What steps may be
taken later will have no effect. Our
delegates will remain Just where the
Btate convention seated them."
The victors' of the Hopkins faction
¦w as also a defeat for W. J. Bryan, who
has made the fight almost a personal
one. He yesterday attended the hear
ing in the greater part of the contests
and showed his anxiety in every way
to win the seats for Harrison and
Hearst.
The sub-committee of the national
committee, which yesterday and last
night heard the evidence in the four
teen districts of Illinois, to-day re
ported to the national committee that
it was the unanimous opinion of the
members of the cub-committee that
the Hopkins delegates be allowed to
retain their seats. The report was
concurred in and the Hopkins men
will hold their seats unless ousted by
the action of the committee on creden
tials.
The decision of the sub-committee
¦" us based on the ground that the State
<¦« >rivention was supreme, that fights
in the district caucuses are not proper
matter for adjudication by the national
committee and that it is not the busi
aesu of the national committee to go
behind the records of the convention,
fis submitted. These records show that
the Hopkins men are regularly ac
« r^dited delegates and because of this
fart the sub-committee gave its ver
dict for them. The fight. 1 in the opin
ion cf the committee, should have been
made in the State.
HEARST MEN DISHEARTENED:
The Harrison and Hearst men were
greatly disheartened by their defeat
and announced their intention of
earning the fight before the committee
on credentials and, if beaten there, be
fore the convention itself. This threat
did not alarm the Hopkins faction,
which said that the argument that won
bffore the national committee would
hold good before the committee on cre
dentials and before the convention.
VICTORY FOR HOPKINS.
Palmer "Woo<ls of Honolulu was to
day declared a member of the National
Committee, to succeed William H.
Cornwall, deceased.
A resolution waj adopted providing
that the delegates from the Philippine
Islands and from Porto Rico be given
ecats in the convention but no votes
until their status shall have been fixed.
A resolution commending: the work of
the national chairman, James K. Jones,
and other officers of the committee was
unanimously adopted, and Chairman
Jones made an address expressing his
thanks for the appreciation of his
vork.
ST. LOUIS, July E.— The National
Committee held this afternoon what
probably will have been its last meet
ing. The reports of subcommittees
appointed to hear contests In the States
cf Illinois, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
South Dakota and the District of Co
lumbia, were heard and concurred in.
These reports in every instance recom
ended the placing: cf the names of the
contestants on the temporary roll call
of the convention. Not one contest
¦was successful. The majority of the
contests will go before the committee
en credentials.
Harmony Marks a
Distribution of
Honors.
National Commit
tee's Decision
Not Final.
Illinois Factions
Display Great
Bitterness.
Tarn many Is Given
Recognition by
Hill Clan.
EMPIRE STATE
CHIEFS SETTLE
THEIR QUARREL
FIGHT MAY GO
TO THE FLOOR
OF CONVENTION
f HE SAN FRANCISCO _CALL, WEDNESDAY. JULY 6, 1004.
HOPK INS TRIUMPHS OVER HEARST IN ILLI NOIS CONTEST
3
HOUSEHOLD
And
SPORTING SCALES.
A USEFUL PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In keeping with its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Pelouzc Scale Com-
pany of Chicago to manufacture
a special lot of these nseful
household and sporting scales
especially for the use of Its
"Want Ad." patrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every one
bringing a Want Advertisement
for Insertion in next Sunday's
CALL will receive one of these
useful little premiums.
These scales sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased far less than that
amount, so our patrons will
readily realize that THE CALL
is not only Issuing the best
premiums ever offered by a
newspaper, but Is giving them a
series of useful articles that
cannot be purchased locally for
three and often four times the
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. This concession
alone should be a big Induce-
ment to Insert your ad. in this
paper, not to mention anything
of the big returns advertiser*
receive from advertisement*
placed with THE CALL.,CHEFU,,_J^ly .§.— .^Russian just, ar
rived here, r who left Port Arthur on
Little Damage by Bombardments.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 5.— The
Russian press commendation of the
generous act of Great Britain In offer
ing to police and protect the seal fish
eries of Kbmmandore and Copper isl
ands, off Kamtchatka, during the wax
is regarded as highly significant. I *
Slav Press Lauds Britain.
LIAOYANG, July 4.— Rain is again
falling in torrents and the thermome
ter registers A degree^ centigrade. The
Russian lines to the east and south are
like iron barriers. The Japanese are
quiet and seem to have vanished along
the Russian outposts. j
Rain Falling; in Torrents.
KRONSTADT, July 5.— All doubt as
to the safety of the battleship Peresviet,
which according to' report had been tor
pedoed at Port Arthur, is removed ( by
the receipt of a telegram from the cap
tain of the battleship saying the ship
Is intact and all on board are well. The
telegram, which was dated from New
chwang, was brought to that port by
the torpedo-boat destroyer Lieutenant
Burukoff .
Battleship Peresviet Is Safe.
TATCHEKIAO, July 5.— Lieutenant
General Baron Stakelberg and the Rou
manian military attache narrowly es
caped drowning to-day owing to the
sudden flooding of the headquarters of
the former's army corps. Both were
rescued by soldiers, who cut their way
through the tents.
General's Headquarters Are Flooded
and He Barely Escapes Drowning.
STAKELBERG'S CLOSE CALL.
Russian newspapers are beginning to
discuss the article on the Russo-Japa
nese war by Count Tolstoi recently
published in the London Times. Almost
unanimously the papers refer to the ar
ticle adversely, and a few speak of It
in denunciatory terms. Even Tolstoi's
old admirers consider that he has gone
too far.
The Slowo recommends the reproduc
tion of the article as the best cure for
Tolstolsm. The Svet calls It a pitiful
production of a once great mind disor r
dered by senile vanity.
Liverpool has closed one-third of
its saloons, during/ the. last ten years
and bo: decreased her police force in
consequence ' as ; to have made an
economy of $40,000 yearly.™
Fear of punishmenr for taking the
weapon from its place of concealment
kept the little lad's mouth sealed, and
it was not until after his death that 'the
fatal wound was discovered. After the
accident the child came into the house.
The mother noticed a dark red spot on
his clothfng.
On examination she found the lad
bleeding. The boy explained by saying
that he had fallen' on a stick and
scratched himself.' He stuck to his
story when a doctor was summoned,
and -died' rather: than face the punish
ment of a whipping.
PORTLAND, Or., . July .5.— Hit in the
stomach with a ball from an old pistol
he had taken from a shelf in his home
at Montavilla yesterday, 5-year-old Er
nest Vogt died this morning from the
wound. " . '. ¦ ¦".
Dies From Wound Without
Revealing. Cause.
Child Accidentally Shoots Himself and
DEATH PREFERRED TO
PARENTAL DISPLEASURE
BEAVERS MUST STAND
TRIAL AT WASHINGTON
Orders Given for Removal of Former
Postoffice Official to Nevfr York
Are Illegal.
« NEW YORK, July 5— George W. Bea
vers, former superintendent of . the
Bureau of Salaries and Allowances in
the Postoffice Department, will be ta
ken to Washington for trial under the
indictments found there by the Fed
eral Grand Jury for alleged acceptance
of compensation for securing a Govern
ment contract for typewriters.
This was decided at Brooklyn to-day
by United States Judge Thomas, who
held that the orders given for the re
moval of Beavers to New York were
illegal. A new bond of $10,000 was re
quired, pending the furnishing, of
which Beavers was • remanded to the
custody of the United States Marshal.
SAN JOSE, July 5. — The second term
of Mayor George D. Worswick and his
administration b^an to-day. The only
changes were in the City Clerk's of
fice, where Roy Walter, the only one
elected on the opposition ticket, suc
ceeded Joseph A. Belloli Jr. and Wes
ley L. Pieper took the seat of D. A.
Porter as- Councilman from the Third
ward. Mayor Worswick read his an
nual message. This showed the funds
to be in | good condition and a suc
cessful administration. He reviewed
the municipal improvements made and
promised more during this term just
commenced.
The reappointment of F. B. Brown
as» City Attorney, Blakeslee as Street
Commissioner and C. H. Peiper as City
Engineer was announced. Dr. J. L.
Benepe was named as a member of
the Board of Health in place of Wil
liam Simpson, whose ter..i has expired;
W. B. Hardy was appointed library
trustee to succeed G. G. Moorhead;
Joseph D. Radford was placed on the
Park Commission in place of A* H.
Martin and W. H. McCarthy was re
appointed t^ the Police and Fire Com
mission. Charles J., Lightston, who was
a deputy under City Clerk Belloll, has
been retained by Clerk Walter. At a
meeting of the city Board of Health
to-night Dr. F.' C.'Gerlach was elected
City Health Officer to succeed Dr. H.
C Brown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mayor of San Jose Begins
His Second Term and New
City Clerk'Takes His Seat
CITY OFFICERS
ARE SWORN IN
Mr. Chapman of the United Rail
roads has issued instructions that the
Haight-street cars shall wait for pas
sengers from the inbound Tenth-ave
nue and beach cars. The proposed ex
tension of the Affiliated Colleges car
line is also being urged by the com
mittee.
Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh avenues,
between H and I streets, have been bl
tuminized. Eleventh avenue, between
K and L streets, is being macadamized
and the sewer has been put in as far
as J street. .
The report just issued for July by
the executive committee of the Sunset
District Improvement Club emphasizes
the importance of the recent appro
priation of $45,000 granted by ,,the
Board of Supervisors for the Improve
ment of H street. • This will benefit
the Sunset district by giving a drive
way to the ocean beach through that
section, in addition to the Golden Gate
Park drive.
The committee embodies in its re
port recommendations of thanks to the
Mayor, the Supervisors, Board of Pub
lic Works and the City Engineer.
The Spring Valley Water Company is
reported as willing to extend water
mains in this district. Lighting facili
ties are also to be increased.
Supervisors' Large Appropriation Will
Be of Great Benefit to That Sec
tion of the City.
I. ~. Bryner and Robert Hays Smith,
oilmen of Coalinga, are among the
latest arrivals at the Grand.
J. H. Hanlon, chief clerk of the
United Railroads, leaves in a few days
for a month's visit to the East.
J. Kalaniaole of Honolulu, more fa
miliarly known as "Prince Cupid," who
was a delegate from Hawaii . to the
Chicago convention, returned from tha
East last evening and is registered at
the St. Francis.
Major I. W. -P. Peters, who has seen
twenty-flve years' service In the Brit
ish cavalry, in India, South Africa and
State Senator J. D. Remsen of New
York and his wife have been at the
Lick for, several days.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent
of the Nickel Plate lines, and his fam
ily are at the Occidental. *"
CUnton G. Smith of Washington is at
the Occidental.
Rev. William A. .Stoy.of Marysville
is at. the Occidental.
W. E. Marsh, a lumberman of Towle,
is at the St. Francis.
D. Isen, a merchant of Suisun, is reg
istered at the Grand.
A. C. Hamilton, the well-known min
ing man, is at the Palace. -
W. H. Holabird, a lumberman of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
W. J. Douglass, a mining man of
Virginia City, is at the Palace.
F. C. Lord, one of Virginia City's
leading citizens, is at" the Grand.
Captain John Barneson is up from
San Mateo and staying at the Palace.
F. J. Herthal Jr., a mining man of
Soulsbyville, and his family are at the
Grand.
' S. W. Frank, a wealthy resident of
Baltimore, and wife are at the St.
Francis.
Frank H. Buck, the well-known
fruit man of Vacavllle, and wife are at
the Palace. "
PERSONAL.
SUXSET DISTRICT WILL HAVE
DRIVEWAY TO OCEAN BEACH
From Los Angeles— Mrs. L. Gulrado
and Miss M. Gulrado, at the Westmin
ster; R. A. Heffner, at the Imperial;
W. Jameson and wife, at the Albert; J.
Reichel, at the Park Avenue; M. Rei
qhel, at the Hotel Navarre; M.'Sheved,
at the Westminster; S. j Simmons and
wife, at the Imperial, and Dr. R.
Fisher, at the Victoria.
NEW YORK. July 5.— The following
Californians are registered in New
York: From San Francisco — A. Bolde
mann, at the Cadillac; W. C. Glasson
and wife, at the Park Avenue; Dr. F.
C. Beck, at the Belvidere; M. S. Wil
son and wife, at the Holland; B. Bairn,
at the Cadillac; G. A. Cleghorn. at the
Park Avenue; W. D. Creighton, at the
Astor House; C. T. Crocker, at the
Holland House; K. Fuhrmann. at the
Sinclair; Dr. F. J. Gibbon and Miss M.
Gibbon, at the Continental; D. J. Gran r
non. at the Navarre; Mlsa S. A. Hobe
and Miss M. A. Hobe, at the Everett;
A. L. KIngsbury and wife, at the
Girard; J. Lacosta and wife, at the
Broadway Central; W. H. Lord and
wife, at the Murray Hill; G. E. Middle
ton, at the Imperial; M. Rashe. at the
Hotel Navarre; H. R. Sander, at the
Hoffman House; S. C. True*, at the Sin
clair House; C H. Williams, at the
Herald Square, and S. t W. Wynders, at
the Park Avenue.
From San Jose — E. J. Johnston, at
the Grand Union. ." ;.v •¦;,• ' .
Callfornians in Xew York.
Dr. Stephen "W'aldheuser, one of the
leading criminal lawyers of Budapest,
is a guest at the Palace. He is mak
ing a tour of this country, partly for
pleasure and partly for the purpose of
studying the practices In vogue in our
criminal courts.
elsewhere and who recently retired, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday on his
way to Australia. •
Charles S. Fee, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
who has been in the East for several
weeks, returned yesterday with his
wife and three children. They are reg
istered at the St. Francis.
"Walter Clarke, contracting freight
agent of the Illinois Central Railroad,
has received a cable from W. H. Sned
aker, general agent of the company,
stating that the latter and his wife
sailed from Paris for New York last
Saturday.
"ST. PETERSBURG. July 5. — It is
believed that another army corps will
be mobilized for the Far East, buf it
has not yet been decided what crops
will be selected.
More Troops for Kuropatkin.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 5.— The For
eign Office has no official information
bearing out the charge of mutilation
against the Japanese, and no action will
be taken in the absence of complete
information.
Has No Proof of Brutality.
WOMAN INJURED BY PISTOU— Alatneda.
July 5.— Mia* Lulu Jeanerette of 2019 Pacific
avenue was Injured last evening by a plstot
fired by Roy Wllli^on, a lad of 14 years. The
wadding and powder of a blank cartridge
struck her above the left ankle, tearing a
japged wound and causing the victim to faint.
Misa Jeanerette was passing young Willison
at the time of the accident. Her Injury was
dreased by Dr. A. A. Stafford.
July 2. says that th'e only damage done
to the town during the recent bom
bardments has been the destruction of
two houses. There has been no loss of
life.
LIAOYANG. July 5.— The latest re
ports of the Russian casualties in the
reconnaissance made by Lieutenant
General Count Keller between Moflen
and Fenshui passes, to ascertain the
Japanese column's advance force mov
ing on Liaoyang, show that 14 officers
were wounded, 203 men killed and 101
prisoners taken.
It is persistently reported that a large
section of the Japanese southern army
has moved to the eastward, notwith
standing the rain, with the object of
cutting its way through the Russian
left during the absence of General
Kuropatkin at Tatchekiao.
Revised Estimates of Casualties In
the Motien Battle.
RUSSIAN LOSSES HEAV'Y.
LOS ANGELES, July 5. — With an
imposing ceremony the corner-stone
of what will be the finest suburban
church in this section of the State,
the Church of the Blesed Sacrament,
was laid at Hollywood yesterday by
Bishop Conaty, assisted by twenty-one
members of the clergy of this Catholic
diocese. The unfinished floor of the
church was fitted with seats, from
which 250 members of the Knights of
Columbus witnessed the ceremony.
There was a vast outpouring of peo
ple, many of them non-Catholics, to
hear the eloquent address of the dis
tinguished Bishop. Father Murphy,
who is in charge of the parish of
Hollywood, assisted Bishop Conaty in
the impressive ceremony. The church
when completed will cost nearly
$30,000 and will be a decoration to the
aristocratic suburb, in which there are
many palatial homes.
Impressive Ceremony Performed by
/Prelate at Hollywood, a Suburb
of Los Angeles.
BISHOP COXATY LAYS
CORXER-STONE OP CHURCH
The volunteer steamships of the
Black Sea fleet,, while not ships of war,
are capable of being transformed into
cruisers. That Turkey has permitted
them to pass the Dardanelles indicates
that an understanding has been reached
by the Czar and the Sultan which will
result In a material strengthening of
Russia's available naval strength.
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 5.— The
Russian volunteer steamships St. Pe
tersburg and Sevastopol passed
through the Bosporus from the Black
Sea this morning. The Sevastopol watt
flying the Red Cross flag and her hull
was painted white. The vessels took
on board a quantity of stores and re
mained in the harbor until this even
ing.
Black Sea Vessels
to.Take Part
V in War.
Private telegrams containing news of
the assault have been received by
prominent local Chinese.
day by a ruffian who rudely attacked
him on the fair grounds. The culprit
was arrested, but his identity Is being
kept a secret by the police until his
trial, which will be held Thursday.
Great excitement prevails among the
Celestials, who fear to appear on the
streets until the offender is punished.
Prince Pu Lun is indignant over the
matter.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— Chirig Chob. a
member of the imperial staff of Prince
Pu Lun, the Chinese representative at
the exposition, had his queue cut off to-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Culprit Is Arrested and
Police Refuse to Make
His Name Known to Public
CELESTIALS AROUSED
Member; of Staff of Prince
Pu Lun Robbed of Append
age by Ruffian at Fair
Russian Volunteer
Ships Pass the
1 Dardanelles.
CHINESE NOBLE
LOSES QUEUE
JAPANESE REPULSE RUSSIAN ATTACK
AT MOTI EN AFTER DESPERATE BATTLE
CZAR ADVISES
NEW GOVERNOR
Tells Obolensky That It Is
Possible to Maintain Lo
cal Autonomy in Finland
Slavs Make Three
Charges Upon
Trenches.
EXPECTS GREAT CHANGE
It Is Believed That Country
Will Become Part of the
District of St. Petersburg
Almost Annihilate
One Company
of Enemy.
9T. PETERSBURG, July 5.— In con
firming the appointment of Prince John
Obolensky as Governor General of Fin
land, the Emperor 6ent an autograph
letter to the Prince relative to th« situ
ation there. This letter, which is in the
nature of an imperial rescript, was pub
liEhed to-day. The Emperor therein ex
presses his conviction that it will be
possible to maintain the local autonomy
and the privilege of legislating for her
self enjoyed by Finland since th© un
ion with Russia.
The appointment of Princ* Obolenaky
does not carry with it the command of
the army. It is believed on good au
thority that this omission is prelim
inary to the incorporation of the dis
trict of Finland into the St. Petersburg
district, the commander In chief of
which is Grand Duke Vladimir, the un
cle of the Emperor.
Prince Obolensky is an abl« admln
iBtrator. He displayed great energy aa
Governor of Kharkoff and effectively
suppressed the labor troubles in that
government. Several attempts were
made on his life while he was Governor
of Kharkoff. He began his career in
the navy and retired with the rank of
lieutenant, afterward entering the civil
service.
The Emperor rewarded Obolensky's
services at Kharkoff by conferring upon
him the rank of lieutenant general of
marines in 1903. The appointment of
Prince Obolensky and the imperial re
script are dated June 30, but they were
rigorously kept secret.
"Molly" Causes Downfall.
Larry Smith, a plasterer, living at
S Lizzie Etreet, while laboring under
an attack of delirium tremens last
night jumped into the bay at the cor
ner of Fourth and Perry streets. He
was rescued by Policeman R. H.
Tobin and taken to the Central sta
tion, where he was found to be but
little the worse for his ducking, l^n
his pocket was found a note, reading
as follows:
"Molly — You are the cause of my
downfall. Forgive me and remember
the children. Don't forget llasie. Re
member me. Be a good girly."
TOKIO, Monday, July 4.— General
Kuroki reports that two battalions of
Russians attacked the Japanese out
posts at Motien Pass at dawn on July
4, under cover of a dense fog. The
Russians were repulsed, but they re
turned and charged three times before
they were finally driven off. The Jap
anese pursued them for three miles to
the westward of Motien Pass. The
Russians left thirty dead and fifty
wounded on the field. The Japanese
lost fifteen killed and thirty wounded.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 5.— Thirteen
companies of Russian troops sent out
by Lieutenant General Count Keller in
a reconnaissance in force to ascertain
the strength of the Japanese column's
advance force moving on Liaoyang
came into collision with the Japanese
between Motien and Fenshui passes
yesterday. Sharp fighting resulted and
the Russians retired before overwhelm
ing numbers, after ascertaining the ex
act strength of the Japanese forces.
The Russian losses are officially stated
to have been 200.
In case the Information obtained by
General Keller leads General Kuropat
kin to consider that Liaoyang is se
riously threatened, it is probable that
some of the troops will return north
from Tatchekiao. Then the Japanese
are likely to repeat their attempt to
capture Newchwang.
REPORT OF SAKHAROFF.
The general staff has received the
following dispatch from Lieutenant
General Sakharoff, the chief of staff of
General Kuropatkin, dated July 4:
"On July 3 the advance guard of fhe
Russian force operating east of Liao
yang occupied a position at Yangtse
Pass. Toward evening the same day
our scouts ascertained that a detach
ment of the enemy's advance guard.
1500 strong, had occupied the villages
of Ekhavuan and Tchakumenza, on our
front, the main force having remained
in Fenshui and Motien passes. At this
moment we discovered the movement
of a Japanese detachment, consisting
of a battalion of infantry, to turn our
left flank positions In the Yangtse
Pass. In order to check this movement
a force, consisting of five companies of
infantry, two detachments of mounted
Hussars and half a company of Cos
sacks, was sent forward in the direc
tion of this threatened point."
"In order to learn the strength of the
enemy's position In front of Yangtse
Pass, the commander of the detach
ment ordered out a reconnoitering par
ty of ten companies, which was sent in
the direction of Ekhavuan, under the
command of Colonel Letschitsky. With
a view of making a demonstration in
suring the return of Letschitsky's de
tachment, three companies under Lieu
tenant Colonel Gai-\itsky marched to
Mahoumizza, about a mile and a half
south of Ekhavuan, the crossing of the
roads leading to Sinkhi and the Lok
River passes. Firing began about 1:30
p. m. on July 4.
COMPANY ANNIHILATED.
"Garnltsky's column reached the
cross roads and dislodged a company
of the enemy's advance guard, which
was almost annihilated. Simultane
ously Letschitsky's column dislodged
the enemy's advance posts without fir
ing a shot and approached the foot of
the heights, which were surmounted by
a temple. The temple is less than a
mile east of Ekhavuan, where, al
though exposed to a heavy frontal and
flank flre, our troops dashed forward
and dislodged the Japanese from their
entrenchments and occupied the pass.
As the enemy was preparing to deliver
a frontal and flank attack, our column
then retired, as previously Instructed.
Three companies of Garnltsky's force
occupied the position which they had
been ordered to secure.
"When Letschitsky's force began to
withdraw the enemy opened a heavy
flre from the heights. In- spite of this
the column retired in . perfect order.
Brave I^etschittky remained continu
ally on the firing line and directed the
column with remarkable ability and
coolness. He was the last to retire,
with his chief of- staff and adjutant.
Garnitsky's column behaved with equal
brilliancy and coolness, carrying out
its task with no sign of agitation.
"Our casualties were: Letschitsky,
bruised and wounded; Colonel Poppa
low, Lieutenant Colonel Trakhemovsky,
Captain Soloieff, Lieutenants Markoff,
Latklne, Bobroskovsky and Kozine,
Second Captain Palic and several offi
cers wounded and 200 Boldiers killed or
wounded.
"I observed the fighting with my staff
from the Tkhacoun tower, and so can
personally testify to the conduct of the
troops,
PRAISES THE SURGEONS.
"I cannot pass in silence the remark
able devotion of the surgeons and the
chaplain, who attended the wounded
under a hot flre, and even helped to
carry them off the field. All of the
wounded were removed.
"On the morning of July 3 our rein
forcements occupied Liandiansian. One
soldier was killed during the fighting.
"The same afternoon a detachment of
the enemy, consisting of two bat
talions and six 'squadrons, with
six machine guns, advanced and
attacked our outposts lying south
of the valley of. the river" Kho,
who retreated under the vigorous
flre of the enemy. The officer command
ing our advance cavalry advanced at
2:S0 p. m. with a detachment, and at
the same time the enemy placed ma
chine guns on the heights northwest of
Dounachekhedja, and their infantry oc
cupied the outskirts of the forest near
the village. Our horse battery retreated
on the position at Daoasischja, near the
railroad, being covered by mounted
dragoons and. frontier guards.
"Under the fire of our artillery and
rifles the enemy quickly evacuated their
position and retreated toward Senu
chen. Our cavalry pursued them until
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNE5DAY, JULY 6, 1904.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 5. — The fact that Lieutenant
General Sakharoff, chief of staff of General Kuropatkin,
witnessed the fighting near Motien Pass, is taken here, to
indicate that he is in command of the forces east of Liaoyang 1 ,
which include the army corps under Lieutenant General Count
Keller. The desperate character of the fighting is shown .by
the repeated bayonet charges, the Russians routing the Jap
anese from their trenches. The fighting around Senuchen shows
that the Japanese are* determinedvto hold the ; ground to the
south, as well as Dalin Pass, until a favorable opportunity pre
sents itself for , an advance upon Yinkow (the port of
Newchwang).
Denounces jHis Recent , Attack , Upon
.-~. -the fCzar's , .Government. ,, ,,. „,
PRESS SCORES TOL.STOI.
ST.' PETERSBURG. .July 5.^-The
CHEFU, July 5.— Chinese Just arrived
here, who left Port Arthur on July 2,
say that only nine of the larger Rus
sian warships were there. On June 23,
when the fleet engaged the Japanese
squadron outside Port Arthur harbor,
it consisted of eleven of the larger
ships.
On July 3 the Russian and Japanese
armies outside of Port Arthur, accord
ing to report, were separated by only a
mile, the Japanese advancing steadily
from hill to hill, on all of which they
are placing big guns. It is said they
landed 150 of these guns at Dalny.
Disappearance of Part of the Port
Arthur Squadron.
TWO WARSHIPS MISSING.
VLADIVOSTOK, July 6.— A thick fog
enveloped Vladivostok to-day. All is
quiet.
The wounded Japanese are recover
ing quickly.
Koreans coming to the Russian fron
tier say there are 6000 Japanese at
Seoul, but by marching and counter
marching in and out of the town they
are attempting to create the impression
that there are 20,000 men there. The
Japanese, the Koreans add, are circu
lating stories of great victories, that
I'ort Arthur has fallen and that the
Russian fleet has been destroyed.
The Emperor of Korea, It is further
asserted, is held under guard and the
heir-apparent has been taken to Japan.
The Koreans say they hate their op
pressors, and add that they will rise on
the appearance of the Russians.
Ripe for an Outbreak Against "Their
Japanese Masters.
KOREANS BECOMING RESTLESS.
"The enemy's principal forces are at
present concentrated at Vandlaputze,
in the direction of Haicheng, and at
Schikouyo, about ten miles west of
Southyen, on the road to Kalchou. Re
connoissance on July 3 discovered that
the enemy was fortifying in Tai Pass."
they reached an entrenched position
occupied by a, strong force of the
enemy.
4
. . ADVEBTISEMENTa.' : - k * ¦>''. ¦
Jaw %SL.^1b8 '^^^^JraJ y§F _j0 '8^^ ¦^ If i
First in Sales
J|||^ First in Quality
100,402,500
Bottles Sold
D urin^ 1 9O3
The Largest Sales of any Brand
of Bottled Beer
When attending the World's Greatest Fair do not fail to vi«it
The Anheuser-Busch Brewery
. The Home of Budweltcr <
.¦.¦"¦¦¦¦;-••-»'¦). ' • - ¦ - ' ¦
% ¦ . / Orders Promptly Filled by ; ¦ ¦-. j
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Distributors, San Francisco, Call*.
THE GRASS WIDOW.
BRYSO.V PAINTED. HER
In a typical moment. Ills por-
trait in oils Is so charming;, Ills
color . scheme <to original and
harmonious that every one will
frame the copy . we will . give
— FREE «
Xext Sunday. It is one of
A STRIKING SERIES '
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's ffreatcst painters,
which, at great cost of : time,
trouble and money, the
SAN FRANCISCO CALL V
Has boughtfqr its readers.
-If yon* fail to get a single one
of ' these , beautiful and novel
Brysons you will, be sorry.- •
ADVEBTISEMENTS*
A MAN WITH A WQN-
DERFUL RECORD
People Thronging From All
Parts of the Country to See
This Remarkable Man and All
Go Away Satisfied.
ABBO'S EXTRAORDINARY OFFER
TO SICK PEOPLE
The deaf. lame, blind and rheumatic
are cured by a new system of medicine
from Europe. No laying on of hands or
faith cure.
ABBO'S cures have puzzled the whole
medical fraternity and astonished the
world. He uses certain secret prepara-
tions imported from Europe. His treat-
ment Is quick and permanent and he
protects his patient by taking only those
cases that can be cured.
No man living has made the record
that A HBO has in eight years' time in
America. He has secured more testi-
monials and sworn affidavits than any
living physician.
ABBO treats no acute diseases, but
makes an entire specialty of chronic dis-
eases. Long standing cases given up by
doctors and pronounced Incurable he
most desires to see.
AH Sufferers
From Nervousness, Dyspepsia, Liver,
Kidney, Stomach and Blood Disorders,
Piles. Catarrh. Bladder and Urinary
Troubles. Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Par-
alysis, Sciatica should call a * once. Spe-
cial quick treatment fc- private dis-
eases of men and all diseases of women.
Free Free
AH patients placing themselves under
treatment on or before July 10 will re,-
celve all medical and surgical treatment
free of charge. No cost to the patient !
except cost of necessary medicines and
appliances to perfect a cure.
He use» his own system of medicine;
by no means makes an apothecary ehop
of your stomach.
He Is thoroughly equipped with every
form of modern devices for making ex-
aminations. Microscopically, chemically.
X-ray and by his own Individual knowl-
edge of the Anatomical and Physiologi-
cal conditions of the human body. He
makes a perfect diagnosis of both cause
nnd condition and results of your dis-
ease, which, therefore, enables him to
treat you satisfactorily and perfect cure.
While Dr. ABBO cures a large
percentage of so-called Incurable dis-
eases, he does not claim to cure regard-
less of the condition of the person whom
he is treating, and reserves the right to
pronounce as curable, or tell them that
they can only be relieved.
All consultations. X-ray examinations,
microscopical and chemical examinations
of tho blood, sputa and urine, with ex-
pert diagnosis, given free of charge.
Correspondence
If you cannot call, write your troubles.
Consultation free and confidential.
Abbo Medical Institute
242 Post Street
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.
Over 24 Po«t at.. San Francisco, CaJ.
Efttab. 4ft years. Open entire year.day & night.
Write for circulars ffree).
VAV MEVEDIVriT SCHOOL, OF MUSIC
lU.ijibihKliNLK mi fvlton st.
SAN FRANCISCO. Establi»h«?<l 1*05
Pre-eminently th? largest and twst
equipped school on the Pacific Coast — ofler-
Ingr all the advantages of Eastern and
European conservatories for a thorough
mujilral tducatlnri. Pro«rectu« upon ap-
plication. Visitors to the World's Fair. St.
Lnui*. are tnvlt«4 to examine the exhibit
of the nchool. Frtufational Bulldinc. Cali-
! fornla School Exhibit. •
I New Qnarf ers— More Space
FTREX _COOM3.
Ju<>t roored Jato our new room*: now flr*»
1 proof t-u!H!n«. 3 elevators, electric Ughr*.
eteam beat. Do more for students than ev»r
before. This la tha collec* that M*coxtm ao
' many positions.
! San Francisco Business Collegre,
733 Mission St.. Near Third.
TUB LYCEUM.
Xj accredited preparatory school for the; uni-
versity, law and medical rollea-es. ia well
known for its rareful and thorough work. Com»
; and be with us; we prepare you w»H: refer-
i ence*. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
I fessor. Phelan Bulldlne;.
L. H. QRAU. Ph. D., PrlndpaL
MAMLIIV SCHOOt-
AND VAIT NESS SEMXXABY.
1S49 Jackson St., S. F. Bearding- and day
school for eirls. Accredited by the leadtnc
colleges and universities. Special attention
flvsn to music. Reopens TUESDAY August
9, 1004. SARAH P. HAMUN. Principal
i ' ~ ~~~~
XT>i ; rv _ _ • An enrollment •*
, I «.»lrOrrvl<\ 450 students tsllt
v ic-te*. «wt*l tn * " tory of 0UT
I lAfcMSI iVCgVL success :new build*
{OI16 CV CI wholesome cotlr**
' «-« ~ ,^^ "^ Ufe; * Catalogue,
923 Golden Oata ave.. S. F\
8A2TTA CXiABA COLLEGE.
Santa, Clara, Cal.
1 8tudies will be resumed on Tuesday. August
2. For further information apply to RBV.
ROBERT G. KENNA. g. J.. PreaiJent.
I ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Boardi:ig and day school for boys under 15 yra
of age. gtiulles commence MONDAY. Aus; 1st.
lOOt. S«nd for prospectus to Bro. Oenebern.
PALO ALTO t CAL. g*g£i
' OPTICIAarS EAS2T $10 A DAT.
Individual Instructions; also
mail course - rai! or write for
@r'/5SJ&«r*-1 rrospeotu*. CLIHE «>PTIC\I»
ViWWS?^ INSTITUTE. 1055 Market St..
'^P^BBlf' S. F. Eyes examined free.
U/CCTCDU Thorough business course. En»-
1 IILOILO.l ligh. bookkeeping, shorthand, ar.
ril'lliree ltn - "'* ebra - etc.. Civil Service.
CU^InCoO Individual instruction. Position*
for craduates. ts mo. (day). $43-
finil " RF 6 mo - i%i > day >. *3*>: Eve. School.
i BULU BL « mo.. f24. 1107 Market, cor. 7U.
Hitchcock Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
' WILL REOPEN on Auicust 18.
; Apply to tha Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Bearding and day school for younsr ladle« and
little girls. 2128 California street. Will reopen
Aurust 1. 1304. Accredited to the nntvcrsitlee.
REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M. Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
Junior school separate. Fall term betfn» Auj.
17. ARTHUR CROSBY. P.P.. Head Master.
i^V r »!dPif a i.U>X'*J-fTa I* the most praotl-
JewjSjfjfrrtKnHitnr ca^> 'recommended
J^aaaCTafeajiMj by expert court re-
Cjj?J£#*3«?«?5«tRijb porters. Send for
fefg-jV&s2w4t£il Catalogue. 1333
¦——¦!¦¦¦¦ i «_j Market St., B. F.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
1RVINGTON. CALUTORJOA.
Holds pre-eminently the confidence of it* n*>
trans and the loyalty of Ita pupils. ¦
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. PttadpaJ.
,,.,-., A School for boys; nth' year
si U 1 I 1 ml • tr ° n « er faculty thaa ?ver;
II VI I I W perfect sanltaUon; l!lu»-
trated catalogue. W. J
MEREDITH. Vice Principal. Menlo Par*. Cal.
tbs omnrvxBSZTT schooi*
2310 CLAY STBEET.
Will REOPEN on August 1 with
BERT X. TUCKER. M. a. v
Principal.
COLLEGE O7 NOTRE SAKS.
SAN JOSE, CAL. Exclusively for boardtn-
students. Fifty-third year. Courses: Classical
Literary, Scientific, Conservatory. Collect
preparatory accredited. Intermediate and Pri-
mary Classes. Studies resumed Tuesday Aui.
nst 2. 1904. * *
DAX.O ALTO academy, one mllo from
m . Stanfrrd University — Boys and your.* mea
prepared for Stanford. Berkeley or Eastern
colleges. Exceptional Advantages Jn Modern
Languages and Higher Mathematics. Fall term
begin* Auguat 22. For catalosu* address)
MATXARD SHIPLET. Palo Alto. Cat
MISCET J. A TTE0TJ3.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tn«
Kidneys and Bladder. on Its own roartta.
NABER. ALFS & BRtTNE. Amenta
328 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
sjtf&^&iM MENAHDWOME?!.
<#BgarfcUBEi^*g3 Cm Big G for aaattaral
JBI^W »•»»»• *»rfcfa d I *eh*rgei.ia3a.mmations.
£ng»/ O«wuw«t y trrltatloas or ole>r»tloas
K*»j| »|»>"J«"<- of mucous m»mbr»n«.
f -., 1 "I'**™,,"" 1 **'*^- Paln'.ess, and sot **tria~
KrtjHEEfMSCMEMIMlCo. r»nt ar poitonaua.
%S&OI1CIXUT),8.gS33 **ld by DrauLU, ,
lSsX&t. £•*•*• ZS3T or ** at in Pl*in wrapper.
TTJJJWnW a«fV"ii1 1>T •xpr»*«. prepaid, fas
X^flEJ J .7 7 §S&rH >ieo - «r a bottles u. 7*.
-^mSmmt^- - » ci rcnlar — st oa rouwt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on ApplicationJ^^gJI
raSSK AHD SAZ.T MEATS.
JA* BOYFS & CO S^'PPia* Butchers. 10*
orLS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * CLLiS.
«1S Front at.. 8. F. Phon« Mala tTtt.
FSX NT.JLN O.
tC.BUGHES : ..«,.J5E»>:»Squadron Sails for Trieste.
GIBRALTAR, July; 6.— The United
States European squadron, the Olym
pia,' Baltimore. \ Cleveland and May
flower, : sailed , to-day. , for Trieste.
PORTLAND, Or., July 5.— At the
annual meeting yesterday of,the.stock
holders of the Lewis and Clark Ex
position President Harvey W. Scott
tendered his resignation, -which was
accepted. ; The reason assigned is fail
ings health ; and the , necessity for lay
ing•'aside all business cares. Scott has
held the . office of president since the
'death- of i Henry W. Corbett about two
years ago. The successor to President
Scott has not yet been selected.
Health, Gives Up Management
of Northern Fair.
Harvey W. Scott. Because of Ill-
RESIGNS AS PRESIDENT
OFf PORTLAND EXPOSITION
Cain, Bojui & Corriea filed their
schedule yesterday in involuntary in
solvency in the United States District
Court. They state their liabilities as
$4605 and their assets as $3381. Their
heaviest creditors are ; Sultan Preserv
ing Company, $ 1204, and* Hunt Bros.
Company, $2289.
Involuntary Bankrupts.
Alaska Excursions Season 1904.
Land of the Midnight Sun. Glaciers
and a thousand islands en route. Inside
passage. Seasickness unknown. The
palatial excursion steamer Spokane will
leave Seattle 3 a. m. July 5, 19. Aug. 2.
16. For information apply to Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'s Ticket Offices, 4
New Montgomery st, (Palace Hotel) and
10 Market st. C. p. Dunann. Gen. Pas
senger Agent. Ban Francisco. •
PENDLETON, Or., July 5. — Tiring
of the prosaic work of lassoing cattle,
and bronchos, "Billy" Colb, the well
known vaquero of this city, Thursday
roped and led Into Hldaway Springs a
yearling bull efk. The elk was caught
in the mountains a few miles from the
springs, and despite its bucking and
plunging "Billy" coolly led the game
into the camp to the consternation of
several dozen women, "who were en
joying the quietude of the mountain
resort.
Its Bucking and Plunging Leads
If to Mountain Resort.
Cowboy Ropes Animal and Despite
BULL ELK IS LASSOED
BY AX OREGON VAQUERO
J. S. Barnes of New York City was
the first man to be registered, having
taken his position at the hall door Mon
day afternoon. *
Commissioner Richards hopes to keep
ahead of the crowd, or at least to keep
even. He is more than well pleased at
tlje good arrangements for handling
the crowds and at the orderly condi
tions of everything.
BONESTEEL, S. D., July 5.— When
the Government registration books for
entry men on the Rosebud Indian Res
ervation were opened to-day there were
about 1500 people waiting in line. Wet
and steaming under the hot sun, the
homeseekers, many of whom had re
mained in line all night during a rain
storm, sat on the ground and played
cards and ate lunches, which they
purchased from venders passing up and
down the line. Many of them were
women.
for Indian Lands.
Large Crowd Stands for Hours In
Sunshine and Rain to Register
CHANCE TO GET A HOME
ATTRACTIVE TO HUNDREDS
GRASS VALLEY, July 5.— This
section is Jubilant over the fact that
the Idaho Maryland mine, which made
millionaires of the Coleman brothers.
Miles P. O'Connor and others and
which has been abandoned since 1901,
is to be reopened within the next ten
days. Barney Wilkinson, representa
tive of a wealthy Boston syndicate,
will arrive here in a day or two to get
the machinery overhauled in order
that pumping may be commenced. It
is estimated that it will take a quar
ter of a million dollars to get the
mine on a paying basis. This mine
has produced twenty millions of dol
lars and at one time employed 200
men. It means a great deal for Ne
vada County. The property ia owned
by S. P. Dorsey of this city.
WILL REOPEN FAMOUS '
• IDAHO MARYLAND JUNE
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce is in receipt of a letter
from Secretary Kiederleiri of the Phil
ippine World's Fair Commission
thanking Governor Pardee. Mayor
Schmitz and the presidents of the lo
cal commercial bodies for their cour
tesy in entertaining the fifty prom
inent Filipinos who stopped here en
route to St. Louis and the East. Nie
derlein sa'ys that Secretary Taft was
particularly well pleased at the way
the visitors were treated in San Fran
cisco. .']'¦ *,'--;•:
Tiinnked for Courtesy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 5.— A well
dressed handsome young Mexican wo
man entered the historic plaza church
this morning during early mass and
advancing to the altar attacked one of
the priests viciously, at the same time
screaming at the top of her voice. The
attack almost caused a panic among
the worshipers, but when it was seen
that the woman was violently insane
several male members of the congrega
tion assisted the priests in controlling
her.
The police ambulance was summoned
and she was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where she became so violent
that she had to be tied. Until to-nigfU
it was not known who she was. but
It was finally learned that she is Miss
Jennie Contreras. She left her home
in Mexico several months ago. having
been induced to come here by a Max
ican family, who held out to her prom
ises of steady employment. Being.un
familiar with the customs of the coun
try she could nnt secure a position and
finally began to want for food. " •
. For two days she had had nothing to
cat and as a result of brooding over
her troubles her reason became de
throned. Wealthy Mexican families
here have taken charge of her and she
will be sent back to her relatives in
Mexico. The doctors say she i3 hope
lessly insane.
' Welner affirms that typhoid bacilli
are liable to remain alive in rats for
a month after typhoid dejecta have
been eaten by the animals. By their
dejecta in turn they are liable to in
fect articles of food and drinking
water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, .ruly 5.— There
is consternation in police circles here
over the discovery by the County Jail
physician that Jacob Wold, an old man
serving thirty days for habitual drunk
enness, was suffering with a fractured
skull. Wold came here as a strike
breaker, being a machinist, hired by
the Santa Fe Company in Chicago.
When the company, paid off its men
on the 15th of last month. Wold went
on a spree and was arrested. He seem
ed unable to sober up, although his
fines aggregated some $50, besides sev
eral days served in the City Jail. He
was arrested ten times for drunkenness
and. finally was sent to the county rock
pile as an habitual drunkard. Through
out it all the poor fellow would pro
test that he wr sick and wanted to
go home. When leaving the station or
the jail he would walk steadily enough,
but in the afternoon policemen would
meet him staggering. Little heed was
give'n to his plea, "I am sick in my
head," until T>r. Aldridge examined
him to-day.
Wold was struck Just above the right
temple by a falling piece of pipe while
at Work in the shops and the Jagged
edges of the bone could easily be felt
through the skin. That the man sur
vived at all and did not become vio
lently insane is a marvel to the County
Physician and to every medical man
who has since seen him. He was taken
to the County Hospital, whe're every
effort will be made to repair the In
justice unwittlnrly done him. V? LVV
ASKS FOR LETTERS.— Rosanna Kallstrom
yesterday petitioned for letters of administra
tion on the estate of Herman F. Kallstrom.
which Is valued at $9000.
LOS ANGELES, July 5. — With a
life line made of pieced clothes line,
hastily gathered from neighborhood
cottages, Edward R. Brainerd Jr., a
16-year-old boy. saved the lives of two
men in the breakers at Hermosa
Beach, a small watering place, twenty
miles from Los Angeles.
The men, whose , name were not
learned, were trolling from a sailboat,
which capsized beyond the breakers.
They clung to the overturned craft
and waved their arms for help. Young
Brainerd dispatched several men and
women to nearby qottages for cjothes
line, which he pieced together in lieu
of a life line. With the knotted rope
he swam half a mile through the
breakers, and, though the frail line
parted, succeeded in bringing the cap
sized fishermen safely to shore.
With Improvised Life Line Lad
Swims Out to Overturned Craft
in the Breakers.
BRAVE BOY RESCUES
DROWNING FISHERMEN
The City Council to-day took action
on the petition, calling a special elec
tion for the selection of Councilman
Davenport's successor for August 11.
Davenport was recalled by his con
stituents for having voted, with a ma
jority of the City Council, to let a city
printing contract to a local newspaper
at' an increase over the terms of a pre
vious contract for the same work. It
is said to be the first case of the kind
in this State.
The recall was made under the pro
visions of a recent amendment to the
city, charter, which provided that
whenever 25 per cent of the voters
shall petition the City Clerk for the re
call of. the holder of any elective office
his seat shall be declared vacant and
the City Council shall call a special
election to fill such vacancy. The num
ber of names attached to the petition
which recalled Councilman Davenport
was 932 out of a total of 2864 votes cast
in the Sixth Ward at the last general
election. .
LOS ANGELES, July 5.— A distinct
innovation in municipal government
has Just been made by the citizens of
the Sixth Ward of the city of Los An
geles, who have voted to "recall"
Councilman J. P. Davenport of that
ward because he voted contrary, to
their wishes in the matter of a public
contract.
Young Train was for many years
employed by the New York banking
firm of Kountze Bros., against which
he is now preparing to bring, suit. He
is a brother of George 'Francis Train
of this city, and is making, his first
visit to the coast. /
The suit will be brought in the Fed
eral court with a view, to setting aside
a foreclosure, under which Kountze
Bros., the well-known bankers, it is al
leged, fifty years ago gained, a title to
about 500 acres of what is now valua
ble real estate in Omaha. The prop
erty ws formerly known as "Train
tewn," named after George Francis
Train, and was in the southern part of
the present growing and prosperous
city. , In disqussing the proposed suit
last evenins. young Train said:
During: his lifetime my fatfler regarded th«i
property as rightfully his by reason of the fact
that the foreclosure -was effected daring his In
carceration In the Tombs In New York after he
had been pronounced of unsound mind, but
harmless. That judgment etill stands against
my father's name, but the fact also cxtsta
that, notwithstanding his property was taken
away from him. the -court did not appoint a
guardian to protect his Interests In the litiga
tion. When his children later proposed a suit
at' law he refused to carry out their wish or
permit them to bring an action in their own
name. As the American public well knows,
my father was a very erratic man, and all our
efforts to induce him to entertain the sugges
tion of a suit were fruitless.
My father continually contended that the
property, while rightfully his. was really being;
Improved by others who claimed it and that it
was thus growing in value for the- benefit of
his helru Its present value I cannot
estimate, but it would perhaps make about
5000 small - building lots. The plans for the
suit are now entirely with my attorneys In
To have begun the action during his lifetime
would have embarrassed my father exceeding
ly for it would have revived the question of
his sanity. As to his well known eccentricities
I have always believed that they were due to
father's craving for notoriety. He liked to be
talked about and loved to see his name In
print. It was a mania with him and one which
I think he inherited, for T recall a story about
one of his relatives,' of whom it was related
that when a boy he would kneel -before a bar
rel, through the bunghole of which he would
yell his own name and then smilingly listen to
the echo from within.
Elsey McHenry Train of New York,
the youngest son of the late George
Francis Train, whose eccentricities
gave him world wide fame, has
arrived from the East with . his
wife and is staying at the St.
Francis. Although Mr. Train purposes
to establish a residence In California,
one of the principal purposes of his visit
to the. West at. this particular time of
the year was to. take the preliminary
steps in a suit. at Omaha for, the recov
ery of title to a large portion of that
city. On the way to San Francisco he
stopped over in Omaha for the purpose
of conferring with his legal advisers
there and arranging for the civil ac
tion, which will involve many millions
of dollars.
Elsey Train, Son of Noted
Eccentric, Insists Father
Was Kobbed of Property
Driven Mad by Hunger a
Mexican Girl Creates Scene
at Early Morning 3Iass
Injury to Head Causes the
Arrest of a San Bernar
dino 3Ian for Inebriety
Provision in Los Angeles
Charter to Be Applied
to Councilman Davenport
John S. George Dead.
OAKLAND, July 5. — John S.
George, aged 60 years, died yesterday
at his home in Fruitvale. Deceased
leaves a wife, two sons and one
daughter.
FMALL ESTATE.— Cairi* A. Schrach >e«
twiav petitioned [or* letter* of administration
upon the estate of Henry Bfcyflquan. who died
F«bn;ary lo. l»O4. in Oregon, leaving real
*»tate on Pelaware avenue and o:i Day anj
H'.lrr. street*, said to be worth only $300.
INSANE WOMAN
ASSAILS PRIEST
SKULL BROKEN
BUT NOT DRUNK
CLAIMS A PART
OF OMAHA CITY
WILL "RECALL"
AN OFFICIAL
Death Calls Pioneer.
SANTA CRUZ. July 5. — John R.
Stanley died here to-day. He came to
San Francisco in 1846 around Cape
Horn and had resided in Santa -<Cruz
for thirty-five sears. He was a native
of Massachusetts and 74 years of age.
WASHINGTON, July 5. — General
Thomas B. Howard of the Confederate
army, a hero of five wars, is dying
here, aged 84 years.
General Howard. Hero of Five Wars,
Dying at Washington.
FIGHTING LAST BATTLE.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— The following
Californians are registered at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition:
Los Angeles— Mr. and Mrs. Fred L.
Dwyer, Carl L. Benz, J. C. D. Berry,
E. D. Moore, W. P. Book, W. A. Delv
root, Mrs. Milton M. James, Mrs. S. K.
Dolphing. Mildred Saph.\m, F. P. Berry,
W. Kleckner, M. M. Jams, M. R. Janes,
L. L. Janes, W. XV. Holcomb and wife.
Otto J. Zahn, Mrs. O. L. .Rule, Al Le
roy. Bertha M. Brooke, Etta Kuny,
John Cardon.
Oakland— O. D. Hamlin, G. W. Reed,
Hazel M. Graw, D. Burwell.
Merced— E. P. Sanford.
Walnut Grove — Alex Brown, W. A.
Brown, A. R. Brown, Mrs. A. Brown,
Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Junst, Morgan A.
Junst.
Martinez— Dr. and Mrs. - . Ratton,
Miss H. Ratton, Miss L. H. Stille.
Bishop — Arthur A. S. Curley.
Sacramento — R. M. Stephenson, Mrs.
C. H. Stephenson, George C. Pardee.
Red Bluff— Miss Blanche King, Miss
Myrtle King.
Stanford University— David S. Sned
den.
Long Beach — Mr. and Mrs. C. D.
Hendrickson.
San Francisco— S. J. Dunbar, O. H.
Mackroth, L. A. Toomy, D. Samuels
and wife, Helen Towle, El. L. Judell,
M. A. Harris. William H. King. Miss
Anna M. G. Flemming. James W. Pem
broth. A. Fowle, E. -H. Fowle, Mrs. E.
Fowle, L. R. Nash, Halsen L. Rixford,
E. H. Kinney. Mr. and Mrs. William
A. Nagel, C. Rogers.
Pasadena— Mrs. C. L. Goodrich. Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Goodrich, Miss Helen
Goodrich.
Stockton— M. G. Smith, J. H. Smith,
wife and daughter.
San Jose— Mrs. Ira Webber, Mrs.'
Minnie Bacon. A. W. Craig, G. D. Roh
mon, Bessie Smith, Mrs. E. Glraldin,
G. E. Abbott, Miss Elsie Lapham, Mr.
and Mrs. W. XV. Holcomb, M. E.
Parsons.
Exposition Js Visited by Many Peo
ple From Golden State.
CALIFORX1ANS AT FAIR.
damage to wheat in shock is reported
from the first named Stale. The har
vest has begun in Oregon and will soon
begin In Washington.
Over, the southern portion of the
cj.ring wheat region the reports indi
cate an improvement over the previous
vtek. An improvement is also reported
from Washington, but in Oregon tl.e
crop is heading short and light yields
ere expected.
The general outlook for oats Is prom
ling.
Improvement in cotton is generally
indicated.
Summary of Weather Bureau An
nounces a Dearth of Moisture
in the North.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— The Weath
er Burea,u"B weekly summary is as fol
lows:
Highly favorable temperatures pre
vailed in the Rocky Mountain and Pa
cific Coast districts, llain is much need
ed en the North Pacific Coast.
Winter wheat harvest has made slow
progress in Missouri and Kansas, and
TAIIT OF PACIFIC COAST
MICH IX XEU). OF HAIX
Many old police officers remember
Dave Peckenpaugh, with his luxuriant
whiskers of the "Lord Dundreary" cut,
and his gallantry shuwn in helping wo
men across Kearny street, at the junc
tion of Post, his old beat. He stood six
feet two inches and was a physical as
«e!I as ar. official mark on the street
before he gave up policing to go ranch
ing on Puget Sound. He leaves a wife,
three sisters and three brothers.
David A. Peckenpaugh died at his
home in Port Susan, Wash., June 2S.
"Baby Peckenpaugh" was known on
the police force of this city for many
years prior to 1894, when he severed
his connection with the department
and removed with, his family to the
northern State. He was born in Mer
cer County, Illinois, January 27, 1S44,
and came with his parents to Sonoma
County in 1S53.
D. A.Peckenpaugh,Once
the Adonis of the
Force, Dead/
DAVE PECKEXPAt'GH, OXE-TIME
ADONIS OF THE SAX FRANCISCO
POLICE FORCE.
ST. LOUIS, July 5. — Prices here
have gone skyward. They are robust
normally, but the convention prices on
top of the exposition prices have pro
duced a lofty result.
A California delegate, whose expe
rience carried him to "the summit,
dropped into a barber shop near the
Union station for a haircut and shave,
and he got it.
"How much?" he asked. "Seven
fifty," answered the boss. At first the
victim thought it was a joke. It be
gan to look serious, though, when the
barbers locked the- door and repeated
the demand that he shell out $7 50.
So he paid the highest market price
that has ruled this year for tonsorial
work.
Under heavy anger pressure he sail
ed forth to get revenge. He met a po
liceman and related to him a harrow
ing tale of the outrage. The police
man looked dreamily over the kick
er's head. He said the case would be
investigated. That was the last of it.
The delegate was assessed $1 for
transportation in a cab to a hotel four
blocks from the depot. The hackman
seized the delegate's valise and an
nounced that he would hold it until
$1 had been Daid.
Appeal was made to the hotel pro
prietor. "Oh," he said, "I would con
sider $1 a reasonable charge.
Jn many restaurants the policy is
to lay on all the charges that the trar-
Jic will bear. Proprietors consider not
"how much it is worth," but "how
much has he got?"' .Democracy will
be as a shorn lamb when the conven
tion ends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Among the steamship companies
which will suffer losses on freight de
stroyed are the Allan Line, Scandina
vian and the Wilson Line.
The fire started during a thunder
storm, when a bolt of lightning struck
one of the freight houses, in which was
stored a quantity of hay. The flames
tpread rapidly to adjoining: buildings,
including rhe elevator, and the larger
part of the fire apparatus of the city
summoned to 6a ve other property.
The elevator is valued at $400.00 f J.
Losses on the freight houses, their
contents, the pier and the steamer Aus
tria will easily swell the total to more
;han $1,000,000.
Three lives are supposed to have
been lost. Thirty-five sailors of the
Bteamship Austria of the Allan Line,
vtich was lying at pier 1, jumped
overboard to cave themselves from the
Canes, which had communicated to
their vessel. Olga Olsen. boatswain's
mate; James Flynn. fireman, and Pat
rick X. Meehan, fireman, are the sup
posed victims. Flynn's body has been
recovered. Most of the crew swam to
the shore, but eleven of their number
required hospital attention. Before the
fire could be got under control all the
uj per works had betn burned.
BOSTON. July 5.— The immense prain
elevator of the Boston and Maine Rail
road Company, one of the largest In
the world, together with three of the
company's freight houses on piers Noa.
1 and 2, Mystic Wharf, Charlestown,
¦were burned to-night, entailing losses
of over $1,000,000.
Fire Starts on Charlestown
Wharf and Destroys Prop
erty Valued at $1,000,000
Convention Gives Impetus
to -the Effort to Get
All the Traffic Will Bear
ALL KATES GO SKYWARD
THREE 3IAY BE DROWNED
Californian Has Complaint
Because He Is Charged
$7 50 for Barber's Service
Sailors of Burning Vessel
Leap Overboard While Ship
Is Being Towed to Safety
SHAVES HIGH
IN ST. LOUIS
BLAZE DRIVES
MEN INTO BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 190*.
OLD-TIME
POLICEMAN
PASSES AWAY
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
[he Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears th« /2r_-//J^« jr., ~
Signature of (**ut*T7}£ J&6C&A&
»K i^H wa ' it no happiness can be complete. How
Wffi «&si If f£&!lf 8wcet e picture of mother and babe,
UfibP finBHal' IH Siwr angels smile at and commend tho
m « jgfc^ m fiBk BB thoughts and aspirations of the mother
Wm M&i H H^ W* l)end ' n ? over { he cradle. The ordeal through
Us m M H w Q &F w^^ e expectant mother must pass, how.
Si/ i|jjgy Q ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood 'with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman shonld know that the danger, pain and "horror
of child-birth can be entirely aroided by the use of Mother's Friend*
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and "^^ ¦^^ ¦ _m_
great crisis in perfect safety ¦¦¦_^* F B DfiiBBa
and without pain. Sold at $1.00 per ESBBfe B SB BkB BBk
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless H- gjf | |L AB lij 1
value to all women sent free. Address |P SfB I fSP §ng& | \l ]
BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO- JUIaatm. C*. B HWHUiBwBBr
vTHEEMPOBIUlL ,\ THE EMPOBITJat * | THE EMPOBTTJU. j THE EMPORIUM.
»uu^»«^^
K $50.00 and $75.00 A liberal free +T&+ J^ . • Candy packed Values Up to $3.00 $
i Stresses 32.50 $$MgM Corsets 95c \
t£ Dresses by such famous designers Sendfor catalogue. U» extra charge. Il we have your size left, an unusual J
% as Paquin (his new Parsifal de- \ We Refund Money. It 's your greatest .safeguard when trading corset bargain awaits you this morn- •{
g sign among the- Ipt).' .The late with us. Whenever you do not like your purchase, you-can (with a ing. These are broken lines of ths Sr
•» summer styles in silk, wool, al- few exceptions for sanitary reasons) gel your money back if you re- famous Nemo Corsets. There are £
* paca and Shantung silks, ex- i ur n goods in same condition you received them in. slight manufacturer's imperfections, %
g elusive, novelties that are now — , ; \ a crooked row of stitching or the \
£ in the height Of their vogue in MnHSz* V\il*S*ztf* like, that do not hur: fir or wear. X
£ Pans, London and New York. AfgS^ BnUB& &Bt8£ WW&iSWS Model, worth from 52.25 up to I
I mi WortHV P <o $ 8.00 '^^^ ggc |
I _..." "— tte^J $&.5O EBCh Sale of Samples \
l» l.u^ S imh£j^^>^ No waists as handsome as these are TatteStHeS %
S %°To.ZZ$S7.5a P^ll5K«\ have appeared this season at a re- ". ?
'•$ StriHv-uD todatebhcls^n .- W^% duced price. The material is a beau- SHil PoHterCS \
% Strictly up-to-date blacks Ik jack- %M\M§&g?&f£J&& tifu! India Silk, made up in the newest A mjnn , 3PMr , P , Art . « „ rl "J
I ets, in blouse bton and three- MIL toffiW^lk^^ summer 1904 effects. Some are P !am f . A ™° uf^ rcr ¦ «" rc h « « I«s |
* quarter coat styles-fme taffetas Mll^^^Mf^S tucked or pleated; others fancv com- ?* n toU "f 1 " to - da ? onl ? : ;?
:g andmoires-someplamtailoreJ,- l^M^Mm $\yj&^ binations of India silk and insertions; Sajnp.e End, of Pomerei-Average *
•> 0 hers trimmed with French ap- ;^f -VW^ ; biff $£ suitable for evening and dress wear. length i#y«<U; R=P*. Armure, J
g pique and ace -some lined, V«|\jfiffli^7'f All have full French sleeves and hand- «nd mercerized effects; $1.50 and *
* othersunlined Ordinarily many XftJ^P^ F some storks. The colors, white or * 2 -°° «Iue,,.each . . . 7Q C ;,
* 2L™ Se f el1 f ° r \Ky #¦ ' black only; worth up to : 8.00 each; Sample Length, Si k Dama,k_i# 'J
K *40.00 , our special sale price <^~^ choice of the entire d£j£ £~f* ™<* \H y ard len S ths >' *3-5° to 3
I thisweek.-. $1J m gQ f« /< lot for $S-oo va'u.s, each . . $f m5O |
$ '-"— WAIST DEPARTMENT, SECOND FLOOR. • Sample Portieres- Armures Reps and |
I s ome $20.00. sim ———- m s — p S; m: m % I
I Dresses $ t2.5O Our Garpei J?™, % e J* $3.95; * 7 co «i«,p» : $
J° A belated shipment of superior PrtCGS L&tltGS SilOeS ' ' * 4m9S $
i ; The Emporium cannot be in- 98C pB^ Jhe 50o Kind |
* . tucked very full, waist, bc.u.ti- d , L to Join f an . y . combine for Udics . R{bbon jics-Of extra fine PiSiOfAf TOPS *
I fully tucked and pleated-solid the purpose of mamtain.ng high kid, with medium high French «O^ BT~«JlU %
J color of brown and blue made lce f' , We 4 a " k j 0^ , , n heels; Lace Kid Oxfords with &*$G 8L&Cfo ~*
j: tosellfor #20.00-an astonish- »T « , y ; Ji i« hand turned soles » P a^nt Some very pretty denim pillow $
'$ i'i<i special' &-§*2 &** Body Brussels, yd- Sl.-flJ leather tips and low heels; tO p S and backs, in popular $
g value at - • . $>1<£*&W UitgclozvL ovellsf White Canvas Oxfords with French rose, poppy, carnation, violet, *
\ — Bigelow Axmm.sters, yd. S1.40 heels: al , good up-to-date styles pretty faces, new college and $
i VWSSSfo SxOGitS And your choice of every pat- that sell regularly everywhere society design?; smokers and "j
1 *+ *** tern in the store, positively no re- at i 1.50 the pair, your choice conventional effects, regularly 5
I ®G 9 BaSCm s9G servatwn; sewed, lined and laid to-day only, pair .. QO~ 50c each; on special •
, r , / u • on your floor. %J%9%* j to-dav onlv . • '•
£, lo-day only — ennce ma- » Mie lo uay omy *5
| l^plfiii Silk and Dress Goods \ Sale of Hams |
I and^'^cTiiuesfyA 6c and Lining Liquors, Etc. I
if p^d?tSJ Remnants Half Off \
1 1 wash go jds, in lace, fancy The past month's accumulation of the short lengths Purlble - 1 lb P acka s"J 3 .... 250 :?
\ effects, formerly up to been marked at reduced remnant prices, will be placed Extra whole pincappic-Tin f. . . %%% ;5
jtf 3dc yard, 12c on special sale to-day and Thursday at a still further sapoBo-Hand or icounng; dozea. . 8S0 •?
; Jf To-dav only — e x c e 1 1 e n t reduction of ' Ivory QH een ™n iozea • • 85c *
*" fhallies— Wru nrpttu jn% mm Bie *•* ## Hock— Choic: white wine* ; gallon . . a 3O .
5 Dattern ]*rt\l \ Craundl ) OffUG-HsifOff Na S lce Brandy-5=. S o bot^, . . SUSO I
K patterns, sona grounds, . N ag i ee Brandy— $8.00 g aL j ug .. $6.00
<;fltin <;trJPP<; with npaf The Dreii Goods Asiortmtnt mdudei pretty Etamines, nylnh Crepe de Pans, Miitrala, r & C Ginr-r A'e D JZ -n «# 5
j. Satin StripeS, Wltn neat Fr - nch VolitSt Mohairs> TweS( , SukingSj AIbatrosSf serg^ etc., ia many lengths, enough » ' " " g t Jl?? ' »* St ' 43 -J
g flgUreS, SUltable for Wrap" make jkirts and chUdren 1 . dresses. Marquttte Pure Rye Whiskey- Bottle 83o J
[| pers, waists and kimonos, $ ®%?™^^ °"/4 00^"° yM " oU ii^ '$
"* V . , j Q ' So.es, Crepe d: Chmej, Wish Silks, Foulards, Fancy Silks in great variety— the newest and 9 d *»UU; ootUe 9lmOS '^
! J. iOrmerlV OOC yard, . . l&G prettcsteffecu shown this season- many lengths ju'.table for shirt tvaiitt. Above Specials To- Day Only. ' *
i "'..." ."' ..'I.' $
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fay [price on h^jjgj
The best and most easily
handled Safety Razor on the
market. Easijy kept in order,
and you cannot cut yourself.
Does not pull, but glides over
the face like velvet.
OTESB ZSAZOBS, in all stnnd.ird
makes; blades of best tempered steel,
as Iotv a; S1.CO.
POCKET KNIVES — Good ones that
you can depend on. in several shap<%
and styles of handle, including pnarl
each $1.00.
Other lines of Cutlery in choice se-
lections.
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap. I5c
Mall orders promptly filled.
.. •
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, th* Stationer.
1008 MARKET STREET, above Powell.
San Kranclsco.
*
JviaiT OR. JORDAN'S mvzrd
*HUSEUB OF AHATQBY?
Y Sp *~ : KllXlZ "• ***- fc **«*. Z.T.dl A
U fg^Sf-m. w tx! *tar«>t) or *-,y tnr.:rt 1">. A
0 |{iKj S>p<:at!iro«OieCoic Ejt-s^j^trs Q
1 Sg*f[c CR. JC?OM1-D'SEASES Or HEN A
V k «v T? U I/**" 7 *" p*r\c<r&;? or by l»rt«r. A A ,
\ B W ft ¥ ¦""""• °^ n '• *nry c*=* mdrt...-. V
OF S \\v _ Vt> *' '""• B<>ok. rcil.sunfiiv •» A
A O tl- •*'«*»> 1 e *»>o* *« mra) ' • \
v D».4OBI>AS * CO.. 1051 M*rk»t (St..R. F. Y
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTTABAirTEED CTTKE roa MTH.
SARHIjESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a tcvr days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. BO OTHER TBEATMEXTT
EXQUTEED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. FB.EVEHTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. g. glLLTTI yg ARM A CTT. 102 Ed<Jy.\
IA/. X. HESS,
ZTotary Pafclic ani Attorn ey-at-iaw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus EpreckeU bid*
Telephone Main 883.
Residence. 1802 McAllister at.
Rerldenc* Telephone Pace 6041.
a Dr. Gibbon ? s Dispensary,
629 BEARSV ST. E«tab!!shed
in 1*54 lor tbe treatment of Private
Diseases. Lo«t Maohood. Debility or
disease weariccon body aad mind tgi
Skia Dtee&ses. Tbe Doctor csres wtfen
other* fail. Trj htm. Charges low.
« »rn trumrmatfr-a. Call or write.
t>r. JT. r. OXBBOar, Can Ptaadaco, Cat,OAKLAND, July 6. — Miss Jessie
Hart and Miss Margery Hart, sialers,
lost $75 and Jewelry that was stolen
last night from trunks in their rooms
at .the Globe Hotel, corner of Thir
teenth street and Broadway. ~
Lose Money and Jewelry.
OAKLAND, July 6.— The Board of
Education at its meeting to-night.as
signed the principals to the various
schools of the city.' * No changes, how
ever, were made, the same principals
being: appointed to take charge of ; the
schools. over which, they presided -last
year. . ' .- ¦ ; v . . /, ,-,;. .
Assign Principals.
Dr. Nicholas Senn Visits Oakland.
OAKLAND, July 5.— Dr. Nicholas
Serrn of Chicago, one of the foremost
military surgeons in the United States,
arrived in this city last night on an
extended tour of the Pacific Coast. Dr.
Senn will leave the coast in time to
reach St. Louis on October 12 and at
tend the international congress of
military surgeons, which opens there
on that date. •
WINNIPEG, July 5.-The last crop
report of the Canadian Northern Rail
way describes a continuance of the
favorable progression of the crop pre
saged In the last report. The growth
Is steady and healthy, and embraces all
the grains and the roots and vegetables
alike. The Hartney section and, in
fact, the whole of Southern Manitoba,
is growing a particularly fine crop
this season. That section of the prov
ince suffered last year from drought,
but the plenteous rain this year has
caught It Just right so that 'there la
every prospect of a record crop.
. The most conservative estimates
state that with the exception of on the
low ground Manitoba will for the most
P«rt this fall harvest one of the, finest
emus the croviace has ever gruwa. '
Steady' and Healthy Growth of Prod
ucts Relieves the Fear of Do
minion Farmers.
RECORD CROPS EXPECTED
FROM CANADIAN* FIELDS
OAKLAND, July 5. — Annie Larsen,
with a record for many arrests for
drunkenness, tried . to hang herself
with a blanket rope in a cell at the
City Prison this morning. A trusty
warned the jailers, who cut down the
despondeat prisoner, saving her life.
Tries to Hang Herself.
Rocket Burns Spectators.
OAKLAND, July 5.— Premature ex
plosion of a skyrocket last night at
Idora Park badly burned Vincent Mac
kay of San Francisco and slightly in
jured two other spectators. Mackay
tiaa taken to the East Bay Sanitarium.
Union Savings Bank Changes.
OAKLAND, July 5.— Charles E.
Palmer, vice president of the Union
Savings Bank. v has resigned, and
Charles S. Rodolph has been chosen
to succeed him. Palmer'* duties as
cashier of the Union National Bank
require much of his time, and this is
one of, the reasons 'why,, he re_tires
from the vice'presid&hcy of, the'Union
Savings 'Bank."
Found Dead -in Bed.
OAKLAND. iJuly S.—Mlchael Ar
mond, 70 years \ old, 4 was found dead
In bed at his residence. 914 Twenty
eighth street, this morning. Armond
had been drinking
OAKLAND, July, 5. — Oakland's his
toric theater, known in | the heyday
of its glory, as the Coliseum, more re
cently as the Dewey, was threatened
at 2 o'clock this morning by fire.
Flames were seen in the saloon ann£x
on Twelfth street, west of the theater
building, in time for the Fire Depart
ment to check their progress toward
the main structure.
Flames Threaten Theater.
BERKELEY. July 5. — Epworth
Church, the Methodist "Church
South congregation of Berkeley, is
about to build a handsome new church
on its lot at the corner of Durant and
Telegraph avenues. It.',, will cost
$20,000. half of which' will 'be. lent by
the missionary board of the national
church. The congregation new meets
in Woodmen's Hall. '
Methodists South to Build.
BERKELEY, July 5— A freight car
at the Southern Pacific depot caught
fire Sunday night and was saved from
ruin by Night Watchman Thompson.
Thompson arrested two young men
loitering- about the placed- and turned
them over to Railroad Detective . Ma
honey, who let them go after listen
ing 'to their stories. The young m£n,
whose names are C. R. Lloyd and
George Witruff. . said that they were
only trying to put out the fire, which
had disturbed them while sleeping in
another car. This is the second fire
in a car within two weeks.
Car Catches Fire.
OAKLAND, July 5— The funeral of
Robert R. Edwards, who died Sunday
at Woodland, will be held at the
Welsh Presbyterian church next
Thursday at 2 o'clock. Deceased was
the son of Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Edwards
of 4 61 Twenty-fourth street
Funeral of Robert Edwards.
BERLIN. .July 5. — A dispatch from
Port au Prince. Haytl. says that all the
soldiers of the palace guard concerned
In the recent attack on the French and
German Ministers have been severely
punished, and that as President Nord
in a formal audience, apologized to botb
Ministers, the incident is now closed.
STONE-THROWING GUARDS
PUNISHED FOR OFFENSE
OAKLAND, July 5. — The following
officers were installed by the Drug
Clerks' Union at a special meeting this
evening: President, F. von Kiefferdor;
first vice president Miss A. Fray; sec
ond vice president, J. A. Basham; re
cording secretary, V. L. Schafer; finan
cial secretary, J. H. McHaffle; inside
guard, Charles Brink; trustees — Miss
Alice McCord, H. C. Atwood and
Arthur Griesche. ¦ ;, ¦ -
Drue Clerks Install Officers.
BEKKELEY. July 5— Thaddeus
Burr of 2826 Garber street escaped
two daring footpads last night by rid
ing hard on his wheel when they tried
to hold him up. Burr was riding
home from his work very late and saw
two men standing on the street corner.
Suspecting footpads, he made all speed
and steered away from their vicinity.
The men were determined to get him!
however, and ran him a swift race
until Burr spurted and left them in the
dark. "' " ¦¦-?.-•:*¦• :«--.
Avoids the Footpads.
ROME, July 5.— The heat in Rome
this year is unusually suffocating and
enervating. All, even the hardened
Romans, are complaining. The Pope
also feels the heat, especially as this
is the first summer he has spent in
Rome. The pontiff, however, is ex
ceedingly well situated, as the heat
cannot be said to penetrate the thick
walls of the Vatican. The Pope is en
joying his usual health, despite rumors
to the contrary. This is proved by the
fact that he received Cardinal Macchl
and Monsigneur Deserclares in private
audience this morning.
Professor Lapponi, when interviewed
on the subject, assured a correspondent
that nothing unusual had occurred in
regard to the health of the pontiff.
Climatic Conditions Affect the Pope,
but He Is Not 111 as Was
" • ;¦ Reported.
INTENSE HEAT ENERVATES
> THE PEOPLE OF ROME
OAKLAND, July 5.— On the ques
tion of whether a brother or sister is
more nearly related to a decedent than
is a son or daughter-in-law, ex-Judge
Garoutte hopes, to hang up the pay
ment of collateral inheritance tax by
heirs of deceased persons in this coun
ty. He appeared before Judge W. E.
Greene to-day and asked that the heirs
of the late George. Crawford Wilson of
Berkeley, who left an estate of $161,
586 70, be exempted from paying
their tax until the matter has been de
cided by the Supreme Court He
claims that the law as it now stands
is unconstitutional. Judge Greene took
the matter under advisement
Attacks Inheritance Tax.
BERKELEY, July 6. — Rev. B. F.
Sargent, pastor of the North Berkeley
Congregational Church, has given his
congregation notice of his resignation
from the pulpit. Dr. Sargent has been
pastor of the church five years, dur
ing which it has always prospered. He
preached his fifth anniversary sermon
last Sunday. It is . understood that
after a vacation Dr. Sargent will take
up missionary work in another State.
Pastor Resigns Pulpit.
HOUSTON. Tex.. July 5.— On petition
of President Ross L. Clark of the Coast
Belt Railway the District Court to-day
granted an injunction restraining Gov
ernment officials from importing and
propagating the Guatemala ant in
Texas as an enemy of the boll weevil.
A large shipment of these ants are en
route to Texas. It is alleged that they
are a larger pest than the weevil. .
Destroy Boll Weevil.
Planter Secures Injunction Present
ing the Importation of Bu£ to
TEXANS PROTEST. AGAINST ¦-*;
THE GUATEMALAN ANT
OAKLAND, July 5. — The funeral of
John Watson Peck, who died July 3
at his home In Sunol, was held to-day
from the family residence, the remains
being afterward brought to Oakland
for incineration, i
Deceased was father-in-law of the
late George Nusbaumer, former Sur
veyor of Alameda County. Mr. Peck
was a native of New York and 75
years of age.
Father-in-Law of Late County Sur
veyor George Nusbaumcr Is :
Laid at Rest.
FUNERAL OF JOHN WATSON
PECK HELD AT SUNOL
It required considerable telegraph
ing to locate the different members of
the board and get the desired continu
ence. Dalton says there are 2000 more
parcels to assess this year than last
His force has not been increased.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The State
Board of Equalization to-day gave
Assessor Henry P. Dalton an extension
until July 18 in which to finish his
assessment rolls. The rolls should
have been turned over to the Board
of Supervisors to-day. Dalton says
three weeks' rain while his field depu
ties were at work delayed them to
euch an extent that it has forced him
to ask for more time.
Assessor Unable to Finish Rooks for
Board of Superrlsors and Ob
tains a Continuance.
OAKLAND, July 6. — The police
have been working 'to locate the per
sons who fired the Dewey cannon yes
terday morning In City Hall Park,
causing much damage to shop and of
fice windows In the vicinity. Chief of
Police Hodgkins claims to have a clew
to the- mischief-makers. C. .A. Koch,
407 San Pablo avenue, has given the
police an accurate description of two
men whom hesaw tampering with the
cannon shortly before the explosion. .
Police Look for Cannoneers.
GIVE DALTON MORE TIME
TO COMPLETE THE ROLL
OAKLAND, July 5. — By the sudden
caving in of a gas trench near Second
and. Grove streets to-day Matthew
Ryan, a laborer living at 1315 Fif
teenth street, was caught by the earth.
Before he could extricate himself he
was buried nearly up to his shoulders.
The weight of earth was so great that
when he was dug out he was uncon
scious. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital for treatment. It was found
that his body had been badly wrench
ed and he was suffering from partial
paralysis. ;"'V* ;
Peter Bardy, another workman,
was caught by the falling earth, but
It only extended to his knees and he
esCaped unhurt. The ditch was about
five Teet in depth.
Matthew Ryan Is Caught by the Loose
Earth and His Body Badly
Wrenched.
WORKMAN IS BURIED
IN A CAVING DITCH
BERLIN. July 5. — Notification was
to-day sent to the American diplomatic
and Consular officials in Germany by
the State Department that hundreds
of thousands of dollars' worth of coun
terfeit United States bonds are in cir
culation in Berlin and other financial
centers of the Fatherland.
It is, stated that the remarkable re
semblance of the forgeries to genuine
bonds is well calculated to deceive'for
eign investors.
Mendellssohn & Co.. one of the prin
cipal foreign banking houses in thia
city, say that none of the counterfeit
issue has come to the firm's notice. It
is feared that the victims of .the for
geries are people not in a position to
lose their savings. #
German Officiate Warned by State
Department to Beware of Coun
terfeit Securities. '%:*£
BOGUS UN1TE1> STATES
BONDS IN FOREIGN MARKET
Dr. O. D. Hamlin has returned from
an extended tafUr of the Eastern States.
He visited many of the large hospitals
and medical colleges. Dr. Hamlin was
a delegate to the International Medical
Conference, which met at Atlantic
City.;-;-;^;'-^--; •. •: .
Deputy County Clerk Raymond T.
Baker, who is making a tour of the
world In company with George Whittell
Jr., has just arrived in Ireland, where,
with his companion, he is visiting the
lakes of Killarney. /
v Frank Garrison, Deputy . City As
sessor,, has Just returned from a camp
ing, trip to Farwell, where he spent
several weeks.
Deputy City Treasurer George Gross
and W. M. Fitzmaurice, Stephen Gage
Jr. and. George Franck returned a few
days ago from a four weeks' trip
through Yosemite Valley.
George W. Humphrey of Dean &
Humphrey, who has been spending
several, weeks at Santa Cruz, has re
turned to Oakland. Mra." Humphrey
and her mother, Mrs. W. W. Kergan,
will return.at the end of this month.
. . Bert Bercovich has just returned
from a trip through the East, during
which he visited the World's Fair, at
St. Louis. Mr. Bercovich was accom
panied by his wife and child.
OAKLAND, July 5.— -W. II. Weilbye,
one of the Alameda County commis
sioners to the World's Fair at St.
Louis, is on his way home and is ex
pected to arrive In Oakland before
the end of the week. On his arrival
here Mr. Weilbey will present a re
port of the Alameda County exhibit
to the Board of Supervisors.
Charles J. Heeseman will leave next
Thursday for a business trip East. He
will visit the principal cities, includ
ing St. Louis, New York, Boston, Chi
cago and Philadelphia.
Commissioner Weilbyo Is Returning
From World's Fair — Movements
of Other Citizens.
WILL PRESENT REPORT
ON ALAMEDA'S EXHIBIT
OAKLAND, July 5. — Resolutions
were adopted to-night by the City
Council to arrange for a conference in
this city on the subject of a Joint
municipal/ ¦water '"supply* 'from the
Sierra Nevada Mountains for the cities
of Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda and
San Francisco." " ' ¦¦' ' ft ''. '.
Councilman Aitken, who Introduced
the resolutions, and Councilman Wal
lace said they had been assured by
members of the San Francisco Board
of Supervisors that a conference waa
desired by the board and that the Su
pervisors were investigating: the mat
ter through a special committee. The
resolutions call for the meeting to be
held as early as possible.
Attention is directed to the.provi
sion of the State law which enables
cities to unite in obtaining a joint wa
ter supply. As soon as the governing
bodies of the three sister cities can be
officially informed of the City Coun
cil's action to-night a date for the
proposed conference will be selected.
Councilman Howard was present for
the first time since his return from
Europe.
Oakland Council Invites Municipal
Bodies of San Francisco, Berkeley
and Alameda to Conference.
PLANNING CO3DION WATER
SUPPLY FOR BAY COTES
Miss Grace Rowe of 2233 San Antonio ave
nue has returned from a visit of several weeks
with friends at Fresno. She will go back to
Fresno In August to accept a position as
teacher in tbe public schools.
Mr. and Mrs. Manuel Eyre have taksn the
residence of Dr. A. W. Scott at 2064 San An
tonio avenue. Dr. Scott and his family have
moved to San Francisco, where Dr. Scott has
been appointed principal of the Girls' High
School.
E. K. Taylor, with bis daughter. Miss Mir
iam Taylor, Miss Alama Sevening and several
others will leave on Thursday for the exposi
tion at St. Louis. \
ALAMEDA, July 5.— Mr. and Mrs. Ben Don
ham have returned from the Orient. They
were in Seoul at tbe outbreak of the war be
tween Japan and Russia and were compelled
to leave that place. • - - -
BERKELET, July B. — Tbe Evangel Baptist
Church gave a reception in i honor of the pas
tor, the Rev. A. 8. Coats, of Mrs. Coats
in Stiles Hall this evening. Tbe hall waa
handsomely decorated by the ladies of the
church. During tbe evening refreshments were
served. A number of Oakland and San Fran
cisco pastors were present and all spoke words
•of welcome to Dr. and Mrs. Coats, who lately
came here from Buffalo. Among the speakers
were the Rev. C. R. Brown, the Rev. H. J.
Vosburth. ¦ Dr. Sunderland, the Rev. Mr. Hill
of Oakland. . Dj. Ryder of Oakland and Dr.
Hiram Van Kirk. There was a brief pro
gramme of musical numbers, contributed by
A. L. Peck. O. S. Bennett, Miss Ethel Jones
and Ward Esterly.
Frank H. Ayers, a popular young man of
this city, and Miss Haxel Maber. also of Oak
land, were secretly married last Saturday in
San JoeeJ The young couple were camping at
Benito with the family of Charles Hart. On
Saturday morning they started for Oakland.
At Nlles they changed to tbe San Jose train
and the rest of the party knew nothing of
their secret until their return to this city.
Mr. Ayers is employed as a transcript clerk In
tbe office of Btocker & Holland.
Asa V. Mendenhall and his bride (nee
Hatch) returned to-day from their honeymoon.
The last few days they have spent in Los
Gatos.
Miss Alma Perkins is spending a few days at
Ben Lomond witb Mrs. Aman.
Mrs. George Humphrey is In Santa Cruz,
where shn will be joined this evening by her
mother, Mrs. W. W. Kergan.
Miss Larue Is the granddaughter of John R.
Larue, the founder of Brooklyn Township, now
East Oakland.
The wedding next Thursday of Mfss Sarah
Larue and Archibald Kerr will be marked by
extreme simplicity. The event will take place
at St. Paul's Church at high noon. There will
be no attendants and the ceremony will be
witnessed by the family only. The bride will
be married in her traveling gown and imme
diately after they will leave for Southern Cali
fornia.
Mr. and Mrs. Powell are now living In their
own home on Linden street, an attractive little
cottage recently purchased and fitted up by
the ' groom. The elder Powells have received
their son's charming wife with open arms and
will give a large reception next Monday even-
Ing to Introduce her to their friends.
OAKLAND, July 5. — Apropos of the day,
St. Elmo Powell threw a small bomb on his
own account Into the family circle yesterday
and by announcing that his marriage to Miss
Myrtle Helen Jones bad occurred on June 19
created almost aa much consternation as tbe
old Spanish cannon made when it shook things
up in the neighborhood of City Hall Park.t
The yoang people — and they are both very
young. Indeed — were .married in San Jose by
Rev. Mr. Jlazcll of the Garden City. Imme
diately after tbe ceremony they returned to
their respective homes in this city and kept
their'ibappy secret until yesterday. Tbe groom
Is a'son'of C. E." Powell, who waa for eighteen
years foreman of the Pacittc Press Publishing
Company and is now In the Postofflce Depart
ment. - St. Elmo Powell is well known here in
musical circles, being a violinist of consider
able ability. He was at one. time leader of
the Metropolitan orchestra. His bride la petite
and an unusually -pretty girl. She la a sister
of Mrs. Benjamin Hutchlnson of this city and
comes of an excellent St. Louis family. It Is
said that a jilted lover 1b nursing his wounded
feelinrs in the World's Fair city, for when
Miss Jones came to Oakland a year ago to
visit her sister her troth was plighted to a
St. Louis man. Bat, as usual. California
"won out," and tbe girl Is now tbe bride of a
native son.
By Zoe Green Radellffe.
The Sunday-school of the First Congregation
al Church will entertain the students attending;
the summer school Thursday night in the
church. It will be a "Butterfly Social," to
which all rtudents are Invited.
Roy Service, who holds the mile and half
mile records and was a member of tbe Cali
fornia track team that competed in the East,
was married recently to Mies Grace Josephine
Biggs at the Illinois home of the bride's par
ents. The marriage Is the sequel of a roman
tic courtship that began while both were stu
dents at the university as members of the clacs
of "02. Mr. Service Is now general secretary
of the Toung Men's Christian Association at
Perdue University, where he win take his bride
to reside. Both are interested In religious
work. . .
Robert Dupouey. who Is to join the faculty
of the university as Instructor in French, is a
member of the faculty of the University of
Pennsylvania for the present summer session,
lie I* -lecturing on "The Contemporary French
Novel."
Assistant Astronomer C. D. Perrine of the
LJck Observatory has been elected a foreign as
sociate of the Royal Astronomical Society of
London in recognition of .bis distinguished ser
vices in astronomy.
BERKELEY, July 5. — Samuel Stow has sent :
his resignation as a member of the coaching j
board for next year's football eleven to the ex- •
ecutive committee of the Associated Students. !
giving as a reason pressure of business. Stow '
recently accepted a position with the Willazn
ette Paper Company and says that he does not !
feel able to coach and work at the same Urn?. I
No on» has been considered for the vacancy as '
yet and it Is likely that no action will be taken I
until college reopens. _
Marsden Manson. the well known engineer, j
delivered a lecture before tbe summer school '
students this evening In the Students' Observa- j
tory. His subject was "The Distribution of !
Rainfall on the Globe." Dr. Jacques Loeb will ;
lecture to-morrow evening In the Philosophy '
building on "Theory of Animal Instincts From j
tbe Point of View of Heredity." Profemaor A. I
A. Stanley will lecture at the some time in the |
Students" Observatory" on ' "Bayreuth and the ;
Wagnerian Festival." -. . -¦ - {
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SECRETWEDDINGS
If you are cot in a position to avail your
selves of this bond you may be out or In
jured, each of you in a comparatively small
fuit. but In the aggregate a large sum.
One reason the court rranted the injunction
wa» because there are «o many thousands of
you who pay only a small sum each month
that if it should finally be beld that the
company wae entitled to a higher rate than
the Council fixed the company could not col
lect near all It would be entitled to. but by
rteuirlr.g the company to give a bond for
your benefit in case it lost the court thought
no practical harm will be done.
Therefore, we have a right to assume that
re tbe trial the decision will be in favor of
lh« city. . But we expect that every device
v ;;i be used to postpone a final bearing and
decision. It may he quite a while before that
decision comes, but you have every reason to
expect ft. Therefore keep your water bills
*o that in the end you may receive the dif
ference between what the company charges
you and the rates fixed by the Council, plus
interest thereon at the rate of 7 per cent per
ennum.
Tbe. above i* quoted literally from the de
cision. If it is called to mind that the con
stitution confers a special power upon the
Jt'ouncil to fix water rates and the Council acts
• s JiKigF Gilbert cays our Council acted, what
more can be required? The Supreme Court
of tbe I'ntted States has Eaid that courts
have no right to interfere in sucb cases unless
there has been such a clear breach of duty by
tbe Council that the rates .fixed are con&s
catorj'. 2~
11 U n:y belief Ifctt the court, when it
<iecjdet «he case It* merits, will uphold Ih*
iatff> ftsrd by tbe i.'ouncil and you will be
< i.ei'lfi; to collect the diffprrnoe from the
i\ater company (f rtm pi»i»rvt the l»*gal evl-
Ctoce. My opinion in based in part upon the
decision <>f Judfe Gilbert in granting the pre
lisclnary injunction, and I think a short state
ment of the case will Vhow that my opinion
Is Justified.
New. in rendering his decision that a pre
liminary lnjun<-tion should issue in order to
keep matters in statu quo until a trial upon
tile merits. Judge Gilbert beld as followr:
1. lie mould not on this preliminary motion
decide wbctl^r the rai" fixed by the Coun
cil were too low. but would follow the Hart
decieion for the purpose of the motion only.
-'. He held that, tbe present Council was not
bound to follow the example of any previous
Council in fixing ratee. 3. He declared that
fiucn tbe evidence before him: "There is in
icy opinion nothing in the facts shown in this
<<.>-«¦ i-» jnstify the charge that in adopting
the re&olutkm which is complained of tbe
Council acted arbitrarily or were actuated by
improper motive* or by any purpose save to
Cti wtiat. Ijj their judgment, was right Ke
twe-en tbe complainant and the city and its
ir.habita.otf."
Hie Honor recites that the rates fixed
hy the Council, enforcement of which
has been temporarily enjoined, are
fiom 20 to 30 per cent lower than the
l&*t fiscal year's rate, upon which the
water company will continue to collect.
The Major adds:
In explanation the Mayor says that
the w ater company has given a bond in
$130,000 to protect rate payers in case
the litigation over the valuation of the
plant shaH ro against the corporation,
and the company shall be compelled to
rebate the amount of difference between
that collected under the old rate and
much a rate as may be allowed by the
court.
Mayor W'arrfn Oiney tn an official
statement made to-day has advised all
water rate payers to save their receipts
for bills pending the decision of the
courts in the water rate suit shortly to
so to trial before Judge Gilbert of the
United States Circuit Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, July 5.
When the passengers learned that
the man was dead, several of them at
once left the car, preferring to walk
or wait for another car rather than
continue the trip to Oakland in com
pany with the corpse. When the car
reached the corner of Fourteenth street
and Broadway the body was carried
to a drug store and a physician was
called, but it was found that life (was
already extinct. The body, was then
removed to the Morgue.
Judson was returning from work in
Piedmont when he was stricken by
death. The deceased was married and
resided with his family at 573 Minna
street, San Francisco. He was 56 years
of age. It is supposed that death was
caused by heart-disease.
W. F. Judson, a San Francisco car
penter, dropped dead on a Piedmont
car at 5:15 o'clock this afternoon. The
passengers, of whom there were a
number on the car at the time, became
geatly excited when the unfortunate
man suddenly pitched from his eeat
and fell to the floor. It was at first
thought that he had fainted, and Con
ductor Woods, who , was in charge of
'the car, attempted to revive him, but
failed, and an examination -revealed
the fact that Judson's heart had ceased
to beat.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 5.
Councilman Howard's place in the
City Council was kept vacant by
Mayor- Olney in the hope that he could
be induced to accept the appointment
upon his return to Oakland. Howard
will resume his place as chairman of
the Finance Committee of the Council.
At the fity election in March, 1903,
Howard was elected a Councilman at
large by a large majority. His work
in the Council was characterised by
an aggressive attention to the city's
affairs which put him to the forefront
at once.
John L. Howard, president of the
Western Fuel Company, has been ap
pointed a member of the City Council
to fill the vacancy caused by his own
resignation. Mayor Olney announced
the appointment this afternoon and
Howard said he would resume his
work with the municipal legislative
body. . • r.^' '
Councilman Howard resigned several
months ago because his business in
terests demanded that he should be ab
sent from the State for a considerable
time. During his absence Howard
made a trip to Europe in quest of rest
and recreation. He returned to Oak
land last Saturday, after visiting Na
naimo, B. C, where his extensive coal
interests are located.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
* • 1016 Broadway, July 5.
Superintendent McClymonds - was
also authorized to ask real estate
agents to submit propositions for
sites for the proposed new • buildings
to be erected according to specifica
tions set forth In the call for a school
bond election.
The Board of Education took offi
cial notice of the sale of the school
bonds to-day, and at its meeting to
night began at once to put into effect
the will of the people as expressed at
the polls. It was decided that the
Franklin School should be the first
to be built. This school was burned
some time ago and the school facili
ties in that district are In a deplor
able condition. Director Isaacs was
authorized to drawlup a notice to ar
chitects for plans for a school build-
Ing, containing from twenty. to twen
ty-two rooms, to be constructed of
brick and stone upon the site of the
old building.
The school bonds voted at a recent
election were sold by the Board of Su
pervisors to-day to the Central Bank
of Oakland and the Oakland Bank of
Savings for $9C0,000. The first named
institution took $500,000 worth and the
latter took the remainder of $460,000.
The bonds sold for par and the money
is to be paid as soon as the bonds can
be issued. The Board of Kducation can
now begin the work ;. .ejected for the
general improvement of the public
school system of the city.
Much satisfaction is felt over the fact
that home concerns showed their con
fidence and ability to take the entire
issue. There was a third bid- before the
Board of Supervisors from E. H. Rol
lins & Sons of New York, who offered
to take the bonds at par and pay a
premium of $7013 50. But the bid was
conditioned upon the favorable report of
their attorneys that the proceedings
were regular. This offer was not con
sidered in tbe light of a bid. It was
rejected and the check of $20,000 accom
panying the bid was ordered returned.
The two home banks that were
awarded the bonds made no conditions.
The bonds were voted at a general elec
tion a few weeks ago held for this pur
pose, and are to bear 4 per cent inter
est. This money is to go for the pur
chase of school lands, for the erection
of new school buildings and the en
largement and renovation of old ones.
It is believed from estimates made prior
to the calling of the election that with
the expediture of this sum the public
school system of this city can be made
second to none in the "State.
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 5.
There has long been a lack of cor
diality between (prison and the Town
Marshal of Berklley. The feud grew
out of Carlson's refusal to pay for a
peddler's license on the ground that it
is an injustice. Kerns, acting accord
ing to his interpretation of the law,
has arrested Carlson half a dozen
times, but without effect.
Carlson submitted to these arrests
with complacency, but he certainly ob
jects to the Marshal's references to his
nativltly. He says that the last time
Kern arrested him the Marshal called
him "a '— square head,"
swore that he (Kerns) was running
the town of Berkeley and generally
humiliated the grocer so that he wants
damages in the round sum named.
E. P. Carlson, a West Berkeley
grocer, doesn'i mind being arrested,
but he declines to submit to humilia
tion. Because of attacks on his repu
tation-he began suit to-day
Marshal Charles T. Kerns of Berkeley
for $1000 compensation for his injured
feelings.
Carlson charges that Kerns, while
arresting him for an alleged violation
of the Berkeley license ordinance,
called him a "square head." This he
deems a reflection .on his native land
of Sweden. He says Kerns emitted a
string of other words that would have
burned holes in a wet blanket. v
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 5.
As It now stands, the specimen con
sists .of a cranium without the Jaw,
from which some of the parts are miss
ing. It lay on the surface of a deposit
of ossiferous clay flooring a deep vault
in the cave and was almost completely
covered with crystalline stalagmite. In
preparing the, specimen Dr. Furlong
and Dr. William J. Sinclair, who as
sisted him,, had great difficulty in keep
ing it Intact, owing to the chalky 1 char
acter and extreme thinness of the bones
of the skull. The nasals were restored
with plaster.
In a bulletin devoted to a description
of this specimen Drs. r'urlong and Sin
clair, who collaborated in the work,
say that the remains are of'a fully de
veloped animal, approximating in size
a small cow and resembling the goat
in the elongated- facial region. The cra
nium is larger than in the big horn
sheep, while the horn cores are smaller
and are situated much farther behind
the orbits and differ greatly in form
and curvature.
In the opinion of the scientists the
animal belongs to a late subdivision *pf
the quaternary, an age that fs probably
anywhere more than a million years
old. They agree that, the age of the
deposit initheSamweLarid Potter Creek
caves is later quaternary, except that
the Potter Creek Cave is probably the
older.
The specimen was found by Dr. B. L.
Furlong of the paleontology depart
ment of the university in the Samwel
Cave in Shasta County. The cave is
situated on the east side of the Mc-
Cloud Itiver, thirteen miles north of
Baird, and is 355 feet above the river.
Remains of the animal have also been
found in the famous Potter Creek Cave,
the material consisting of broken horn
cores, teeth and other elements..
Traces of still another new type of
extinct animal have been found In the
limestone caves of Shasta County by
the scientists of the University of Cali
fornia. This time it is the skeleton of a
large ungulate, "an animal resembling
the present day mountain goat. It dif
fers in many respects from the. modern
beast, however, and has been named
euceratherium, which in Greek means
a beautiful horned wild beast.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 5.
Gives Reasons Why a De
cision Favorable to tlie
City Council Js Expected
Eesumes Place as Chairman
of the Finance Committee
of the City Council
Several Horrified People
Walk Home Bather Than
Travel With tCe Corpse
Issue Bearing Four Per
Cent Sells at Par, Cash
to Be Paid at Once
Scientific Men of Univer
sity Describe a Kelic
of the Fossil Collection
Merchant Does. Not Mind
Being Arrested, but Ob
jects to the Invective
Charles O. Smith to Eva G. Medina, lot on
W line of Harp«r stre-et. i<*O S of Mason. N
4O by W 122:4 block 9. amended map and tv
suhdlvislon of Central Park. Berkeley; $2.">.
Hlbernia Sarinsa and Loan Society to Janv»
M. Brady, lot on 8 lln* of Pacific avenue. 1M
K rf Chefrtnut itre«t. E W> by S l.V>:2. Ala
meda; JSSO. .
Kiiwar.t IH, Thuir^ta (single) t» John G. an-1
Katherine Michael, lot .">. block E. Kllokner
vllle Tract. Oakland Township; *9OO.
Commercial Bank (corporation) to WHilam
H. Wharff. lot 19. block .">. amended map of
Sea View Park. Berkeley; $10. . ¦
Oakland Bank nf Savings to N. Gertrude
Brown, lot C*. block B. map of part or Woolsey
Tract. Berkeley: $1O. . .
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to William L.
Fenn. lot IS. block 4, Wheeler Tract. «tc..
Berkeley; also rlsht of way over W ft tnrt nt
lot R. block 4. Wheeler Tract, map of portion
of La Loma. Parl & Wheeler Tract, de«d and
airreeroent. Berkeley; $1^0.
Central Bank to F. J. Woodward, lot on X
corner of East Twelfth street and Fifth ave
nue, XE li»> hy XW 75. portion of lots- 10 to
12 block 48. Clinton. East Oaklan.i; also lot
on W corner o4 Satal Fourteenth street and
Fifth avenre. NT, 1 Tu by gw l<x\ portion of
lot» 1.1 to 15. hlock 4S. Clinton. East Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Mrs. Scott Hrisxs to the Pioneer Realty
Company, lots ."» to X. block J. lot* 43 to 5U.
block. A. map Broadway Terrace. Oakland: $lt».
Walter F. and Catherine- 1-1 < : I to William
H. Hardy, lot on E line of Franklin street; 4.VJ
M of Fourteenth. X XU by K ISO, Oakland;
1.10.
Hetty T. and William G. Henshaw (husband
and as attorney) to Burton H. liray and J.
W. Goodes. lot on 3 line of Thirtx-elshth
street. SB0.80 E of West. E 32.0G. « U8.1J>. W
23. X 147.^4). lot i:t. block 1. Major Given
Tract, Oakland: $10.
William H. anu Fanny H. C. Hardy to Wai
ter F. Lloyd, lot on X line of Tenth street. 75
E of Jackson. E 25 by X 10ft, lot 2S. bloc*
139. Kellersberger's map. Oakland: *lt>.
Louise and Uustav MoIIer to Anna Thil).
let on N line of Filth ,tre-t. 12* K of Mad
ison. E *ti by N 1(X>. lot -t» and I fyut orf K
portion lot Zt, block 12N, Kelleraberger's mat'.
Oakland: also lot on S line ¦>' Alcatraz avenue.
15O W of I'aradide street. W So by Si 1H>.
lot to. block B. Paradl-e Park. Lorin. Berke
ley; #10.
John and Marearet Gunnli-h to Hush -W.
Dclan, lot on S line, of Thirty-ntnth street.
2tZ:H E of Grove. E M:5, S UO. W C>. X ,v».
portion lot 21. map Montgomery Tract No. 1,
Oakland: also lot on E- line of Ruby street.
'2M S of Western avenue 8 25. by E 1(X». lot
22, map Oakland Railroad Homestead. Oak
land; flO.
Clarence and Frances S. Grange to Psn-y
J. Walker, let on W corner of Ea*l Four
teenth street and Kiith avenue X\V 70 by
SW 100. block 4.H, Clinton. E*st Oakland; <lu.
George Palmer »by Ha r low P. Bancroft, at
tcrney) t-> Ann E. Hrlen <vridow> lot 1, block
L. map tianta Fe Tract Xo. J. deed and agree
ment. Oakland: ?1<>.
W. C. and l-illi" G. Moran to Leslie M.
O:n. lot on X line of McKee street, now
SIxty-flm.' 200 E of Occidental. E 100 by X
1391, lot* i:» and IT", block J. Paradise Park,
Oakland, recorded' July 2. VJOt; |l(>.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to William tt. Mellemann. lots 5. 11 an.1 12.
block J. Paradise Park. Oakland, recorded July
2. l'Ji:l. $10.
Edwin A. and K1U J. Chapman to Lulu
Bell Gentio, lot on N\V-corner of West and
Twentieth streets. X -~:4 by W 100. portion
lots 1» to 12, map resutxtlvlsion blcck 3W>. Uak
lai-.d; fH\
T. J. Arreslrcns Urust'O to XT. C? Mor»n.
lot on X line of McKee Mrret. 2'^'E of Oc
cidental. N l.*» by E 50. lot 39, bUx-k J.
Paradise Park, Oakland; also lot on N lin^
of J!cK,v jtrrft. 230 E or Occidental. E 5<>
fcy N I.», let ir>. block J. same. Oakland.
riTcrrded July i. 11KH; $125i>.
TUESDAT. JTLT 3.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
ACCEPTS THE TENDER
PASSENGERS EXCITED
ONE OF GOAT FAMILY
OUTGROWTH, OF A FEUD
PRICE PAID IS $960,000
E. P. Carlson, Grocer, Asks
Damages From Official
for Wounded Feelings
Local Concerns Are the
.Lucky Bidders Before the
Board of Supervisors
EXPLAINS SITUATION
Vrges Tliem to Hold Their
Water Bill Receipts for
Possible Rebate Claims
Former Councilman Is His
Own Successor by an Ap
pointment to a Vacancy
W. F. Judson of San Fran
cisco Expires While on
Way Home \From Work
Shasta Limestone Caves
Yield Bemains of Strange
Type .of Ancient Beast
r
FIND EXTINCT
ANIMAL'S BONES
RESENTS TOWN
MARSHAL'S OATH
OAKLAND BANKS
GET THE BONDS
MAYOR OLNEY
NAMES HOWARD
MAYOR SPEAKS
TO RATEPAYERS
MECHANIC DIES
ON STREET CAR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
.'HE/ SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY, / JULY 6, 1904.
OAKLAND. July 5.— Suits for di
vorce were filed to-day by Jessie Kitto
against Edmond Kitto' for, desertion;
John B; House against Mathra House
for intemperance and cruelty; Pauline
A. Scott against Cephas A. Scott for
adultery
Begin Divorce Suits.
OAKLAND. July 5.— The funeral of
Mrs. Laura. Albrecht, who died Satur
day hlgMt, was held this afternoonN»t
the family residence ! in: Friiitvale. The
service's were conducted by "Rev. HufeK
W.,-Fraser, : pastor of the Brooklyn
Presbyterian 'church. Interm»«*. was
at ilountaia View Cemetery .
Mrs. Albrecht Is Buried.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The family of
C.- T. Kelly' had a narrow escape from
failing .victims V to the lire which
burned the family, residence on Peach
street in Elmhurst at an early hour
this 'rjiorning. Fortunately they were
aroused ' in time and all - escaped, with
out ihjufy.v The house was destroyed,"
the-' loss : being about 52560.' with 1600
Fire Renders Family Homeless.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IVY OR OAUT
POISONING
Immediately relieved aad quickly csred by
Harmless, although a most powerful
bealinrjuent
1 "will send on receipt of io cents to
pty postage,
A TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
Send for h now. It will immediate!*
relieve and promptly care laacct Bltet,
Hires. Prickly Beat. 5nab«ra, etc
Sold by loading druggist*.
Non« jfenuine without my »l jnature.
6!O Prlno« Street. Now York. '¦
8—4 ftr B— H»t «» "Ew to Iwrt «¦¦¦—.-
oo«UnU»f kutofe *f tmttaaauOs »f vm4w
tr>\ nm,
OAKLAND.
10"* Broadway.
Telephone Slain 10S3.
BEKK£ILEy.;;
2 148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMKDA".
1455 Park Street.
Telephone AI«ni«la 559.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
I>e Maupa^ant said that red
hair indicated temperament,
black hair vitality, blonde hair
complaisance, brown. hair medi-
ocrity. Hcnner's ' pictures or
women sitow Iiis love for red
hair. It is a convention among
painters lo give' red hair to
.Marj' Magdalene. Will be given
you with the next' >. Sunday's
CALL.
Loved.
That Is the Color That Titian
HER HAIR IS RED.
THE GRASS WIDOW.Will Study Hydrographic
Characteristics on
This Coast.
The South Dakota is a type of six
ordered at the same time. Besides the
California, there are now being con
structed In Eastern shipyards the
¦West Virginia. Pennsylvania and
Maryland. The Colorado, of the
same class, has been completed by
the Cramps, and underwent her trial
trip last Saturday.
VESSEL'S DIMENSIONS.
The dimensions of the South Da-
The launching of the South Dakota
Ti ill occur almost exactly three months
after the launching of her sister ship,
California, which slid from her cradle
April 28. The two ships are almost
identical and are the largest war ves
sels ever launched in a Pacific Ocean
port. Each represents the latest type
of pfflcieney. speed and power.
The armament of both vessels Is
surpassed in power and weight of
metal by no cruiser now in commis
sion in the United States navy. The
powerful engines, larger even than
those of the battleship Ohio, are the
irreatest in dimensions ever built on
the coast and will give high speed and
preat facility in maneuvering at sea.
The coal capacity of the bunkers ad
mits of a radius of operations consid
erably greater than that of any war
vessel now in the navy.
LIKE THE CALIFORNL*.
In addition to the delegation from
South Dakota many officers will be
present. Invitations have been sent to
city officials, foreign Consuls and many
ether prominent citizens of th# State.
Bishop Nichols has been asked, to de
liver the usual invocation. . «'
The platform upon which the exer
cises will take place is to be adorned
as never before. Henry T. Scott will
act as master of ceremonies. ?
President Dodd of the Union Iron
Works is making special preparations
in honor of the distinguished visitors
and to make the launching a great suc
ccfcs in every particular.
The second great nautical spectacle
of the year at the Union Iron Works
w ill be the launching of the protected
cruiser South Dakota, which is to oc
cur Saturday, July 23. The launching
will be made the occasion of great
demonstrations throughout the State
after which the new war vessel is
named, and many of the notable citi
zens of South Dakota, including the
Governor and his official staff, are pre
paring to attend. Chief Executive Her
raid ha* notified H. T. Scott of his in
tention to grace the event by his pres
ence and intimates that the delegation
from South Dakota will De a large and
representative one, including some of
the fairest daughters of the State, one
of whom will be designated to christen
the new and powerful warship.
/,-atest Addition to Navy One
of Largest Vessels Ever
Built on Pacific Coast
TWENTY-TWO KNOTTER
Cruiser South Dakota Will
Slide From Her Cradle at
Union Iron Works July 23
NEARLY READY
FOR LAUNCHING
FIREWORKS CAUSE GREAT
I LOSS IN MAIXE TOWN
Village Has \o Fire Protection and
Nine Buildings Are Burned,
Loss $100,000.
CORRINA, Me., ; July 5.— A, fire,
started lay Fourth of July explosions,
caused a -loss" of 1 100,000 here. Nine
buildings were destroyed, including
two general, stores and a grist mill.
The town has no fire protection.
¦ Maylita Pease. R. H.< Pease Jr. and
Mrs. "R. L. Ogden will leave for Port
land, Or.. July 16, to remain about
two "•'¦ months. Mr. Pease-will send up
his * handsome new -automobile -by
steamer. The beautiful drives and fine
country roads in and about Portland
are admirably adapted . for automobil
ing.
August Michelson, a piledrlver liv
ing at 337 Bryant street, fell from a
Harrison-street car at East and Mis
sion streets last night and received a
fracture of the skull. He was taken
to the Harbor Hospital and later re
moved to St. Thomas Hospital. • The
physicians in cnarge of the case say
the man- has a good chance of recov
ery.
Fractures His Skull.
William Thomas, formerly a saloon
keeper, left his room at 781 Folsom
street on Monday with the intention of
fittingly observing Independence day.
Thomas had $280 In cash, a gold
watch and chain valued at $150. and
a gold rimmed pair of eyeglasses in his
pockets. When he awoke yesterday
morning he discovered that during his
celebration he had been robbed of all
his valuables. .
A Costly Celebration.
SAN BHRNARDINO. July 5.— •
Charles Miller, one of the oldest cit
izens of thl3 section and well known
to every miner on the desert as "th«
man who found the big nugget," has
become hopelessly Insane in his old
age. Some years ago he reported tht
find of a large nugget in the vicinitj
of Oro Grande, causing a stampede ol
miners toward that locality, but n«
mine was ever discovered as a result
of hi3 find. In spite of the fact thai
he is 80 years of age. Miller has start,
ed for San Francisco on foot under th«
Impression that he has become th*
possessor of great wealth there. fl&|
Will Walk to San Francisco to
Secure Imoslnary Wealth.
Quaint Character of San Bernardino
MIND IS WRECKED, BLT
HOPE STILL IS HIGH
The Carriage and -Wagon Builders'
Association of San Francisco met last
night at Native Sons' Hall. The result
of the meeting was the unanimous re
fusal of that body to sign* any agree
ments of any kind with the unions. H.
M. Black, president of the association,
was in the chair and E. V. Golly acted
as secretary.
Committees, from the Woodworkers',
Blacksmiths' and Painters' unions ap
peared before. the meeting and in a
concise manner presented their side, of
the existing controversy. The associa
tion had no'objefction to the schedule
of wages, time and hours as prescribed
by ' the different committees, but they
declined to enter into any compact
with the different unions.. About 80
members of the association were pres
ent. . ¦ ' \:Z^ r '-^j.J-S : - !
• One hundred and seventy-five freight I
handlers of the Southern Pp.cjfne Com
pany reported for duty yesterday at
the company's sheds on Tovvnsend
street and were assigned to the posi
tions they held before their organiza
tion ordered a strike several weeks ago.
It was stated by General. Manager
Markh'am yesterday that the disposition
of the railroad company is to reinstate
as many as -possible of the old em
ployes in their positions, for the corpor
ation believes that the majority of the
men vv ere ill-advised In going on a
I strike and soon . regretted , t he fact.
About 200 members of the organiza
tion, which declared off the strike Sat
urday night, are' still out of employ
ment. but.it Is expected that the ma
jority of "them will soon -be back with
the company.
The* Marble Cutters a..d; Finishers
liavc elected the following officers:
President; Thos. Allen; vice president,
William Miskel; recording and corre
sponding • secretary, Edward T. Klnu
can: financial secretary. J." A. Ruther
ford; sergeant at arms, John Freder-'
Icksoiv. directors— Joseph Rocca,, P. : J.
Landers, John Tighe, John Mosher and
F. Ward. /
Carpenters" Union No. 1082 elected
"the following officers for the/ c-nsuins
term:
President, R. P. ; Sanchez; vice presi
dent, T. J. Mosely; : recording secretary,
M. L. Gregg; financial secretary, Frank
WASHINGTON. July 5.— The rural
free delivery has been extended at Gar
field, Whitman County. Washington,
by one routCN^
Edward H. Bercaw has been appoint
ed Postmaster at El Toro. Orange
County, Cal., vice John L. Gail, re
signed.
The leave of absence of Liteutenant
Jchn I* Jordan. Eighteenth Infantry,
Department of California, has ben ex
tended three months.
The following patents have been
granted:
California— Joseph W. Amrath. San
P'rancisco, temporary bindert Henry
W. Ayres, Los Angeles, loose leaf book;
John Q. Brown. Oakland, trolley; Ly
man H. Cobb, Portland, Me., assignor
to J. Jahn Jr., Riverside, rotary en
gine; Alfred Dodge. Los Angeles, table
for making sounding boards for pianos;
Charles Ehrenfeld, Pasadena, fastening
device for implements; Michael Griffin,
assignor one-half to T. Mahohy, San
Francisco, safety appliance for sideway
elevators: Clark Hendricks, assignor to
J. Jahn Jr.. Riverside, rotary engine;
President Establishes Xcw Rural De
livery Route and Commissions
, "a Postmaster.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Carriage and Wagon Build
ers' Association Decides -to
Eun Business Its Own Way
• •-,>;•
Mr. , and Mrs. R. H. Pease, Miss
Mrs. A. J. Richardson left last week
for a tour of the Northwest. She is
at present visiting her sister, Mrs. F.
J. Bailey, at Hillsboro. , Or., and ex
pects to return to town early in Au
gust. . * •
Mr. and Mrs. George Davis of -Port
land, 'Or., who % have vbeen visiting
Southern] California for the past
month, left, on the Columbia last week
for their home. HHBRQk '•-
The wedding will take place July
28 at Brompton Oratory, to which a
limited number of invitations will be
issued. , The social aspect of the ceHe
mony^has been entirely changed, owing
to the shocking, death of the bride's
gallant young brother, Ensign \V. E.
T. Neumann, U. S. A.
The approaching wedding of Misa
Lillie Leonora Neumann, . youngest
daughter of Mrs. Paul Neumann of
Honolulu, to Robert Macdonald. eld
est son of Macdonald Bird of 26 Har
rington Gardens, London, is of much
interest to Callfornians, among whom
the young bride-to-be spent many of
her earlier years.
Cards are out for the wedding of
Miss Mary Bright, daughter of Mrs.
James Maxwell- Wallace, and -Lieuten
ant G)J.bcrt A. McElroy, U. S. A. The
nuptials will be celebrated on Wednes
day afternoon, July 13, at the Sweden
borgian church, corner of Lyon and
Washington streets.
A merry lot of maidens journeyed
home from Del Monte yesterday, some
by the "trams" — "train" having
grown passe since the reappearance of
Talbot Clifton into the smart set— and
others by the auto. And they returned
with diversified views of the sport they
had. But what could the dear giris
hope for when each bonny maid "was
fully equipped to score, *and the men
so scarce? Not that a plenitude of
men had not registered, but the
wretches made themselves scarce. It
is said that the Capital Club in old
Monterey Is an alluring "tarry a while"
for the men of Del Monte: but let it
be said in defense of the' club
that feminine friends are also wel
come. The club is the rendezvous of
the army officers and a i-oosting place
of many rare raconteurs. Can the' men
of Del Monte be castigated for pre
ferring th* happy hospice to the tab
bies' executive sessions on the porch?
However," enough of the gallant lads
hung about to give a merry time to
Miss Voorhies, Miss Grace Spreckels,
Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Margaret
Newhall and Miss Jennie Crocker, a":l
of whom were in the vortex of the-fun
through the busy holidays.
By Sally Sharp.
REFUSE TO SIGN
UNION SCALE
MAIDENS HOLD
HIGH COURT AT
OCEAN'S SIDE
Herman F. Hoesman, San Jose, heater'
John Jahn Jr., Riverside, rotary en
gine; John M. Kroyer, Stockton, crudi
oil generator; Homer Laughlln. Los
Angeles, apparatus for utilizing powei
from a single prime mover; Aug F.
Mayer, San Francisco, lock: James D.
McFarland, Fruitvalc, assignor one-hall
to J. B»iuckman, San Francisco, air
ship; Charles H. Muhleman, Los An*
geles. concentrator; Augustus Newell,
Pasadena, and D. Schuylcr. L03 An
geles, automatic screen for the slots foi
edgewise moving .doors; Arthur "D.
Reynolds, San Francisco, harvester;
Francis A. Rice, assignor one-third to
C. Aabel, San 'Francisco, mattress fell
!ng machine: Joseph L. River, San
sash holder; Willard G.
Thorpe. Los Angeles, etching printing
plates.
Washington— George L. Bradley,
Mayview, agricultural machine; Georg*
A. Brown, Tacoma, indicator.
Oregon— John A. Ridings, Marquam,
drying apparatus.
Stradllng; treasurer, J. E. Scully; con
ductor, A. E. Ver Linden; warden. J. H.
Hale; trustees— J. O. Burkhalter and D.
A. Doughat; auditors— Thomas Hew
t n and J. Geary,; delegates to District
Council^ of Carpenter -—Frank Craw
ford. J. E. Scully, M. L. Gregg and E.
W. Hutchinson; alternates— R. P. San
chez and Thomas Hewton; delegates to
the Milwaukee convention of Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners — M. L.
Grerr and Frank Crawford; alternates
— E. W. Hutchinson and Frank Strad
ling.
kota are: Length at water line, 502
feet; breadth, 69 feet 6% inches;
draught, 24 feet; displacement, 13,400
tons; coal capacity of bunkers, 2000
tons: guaranteed speed. 22 knots.
Main armor belt extends around the
hull and is 6 inches thick in the cen
ter, diminishing to 4 inches at ex
tremities. Casement. armor, 6 inches
thick; turrets, 6 inches and 9 inches
around the towers; armor to protect
the 3-inch guns is 2 inches thick and
for protected deck 4 inches in thick
ness.
The armament for the main battery
comprises four 8-inch breech loading
rifles for the two turrets and fourteen
6-inch guns of the same pattern. The
second battery consists of eighteen 3
inch rapid firing guns, twelve 3-pound
seini-automatic, four heavy
automatic, four 1-pouhd rapid firing,
two 3-inch field pieces, two machine
0.30 caliber and six automatic 0.30
caliber, besides two submarine tor
pedo tubes.
A cofferdam surrounds the entire
vessel, extending 5 feet above and 4
feet below water line, filled with cel
lulose. The warship is provided with
docking keels, upon which the hull
will rest when docked; two bilge keels
are atached to the hull.
The engines for the South Dakota
are by far the most powerful ever con
structed in the Far West and will de
velop 23,000 horsepower at forced
draft. They are vertical inverted cyl
inder, direct acting triple expansion
type, with cylinders 38%, 63%, 74 and
74 inches in r diameter respectively,
with stroke of 4 8 inches, running 120
revolutions under pressure of 250
pounds. Sixteen boilers of the B. and
"W. type with 68,000 square feet of
heating surface supply steam.
The South Dakota will be fitted up
as a flagship and will require a com
plement of officers and men number
ing 828 in all.
WILD AID IN BUILDING
NEW PLACES OF WORSHIP
Board of Evangelization Helps Erect
Churches in Noe Valley and
Tenth Avenue.
The city board of evangelization
met at 749 Market street last evening
and transacted a good deal of busi
ness. Judge Bridgford presided. Rev.
P. Brett Morgan asked the board for
assistance in building the contemplat
ed Christian church at Twenty-fourth
street, near Diamond. He told of the
necessity for the church ¦ in the Noe
Valley to take the place of the mission
building and the board promised its
financial support.
It was also resolved that a commit
tee shall take in hand the completion
of the Tenth-avenue Christian
Church.
Dr. W. Macklin, from Nankin, Chi
na, gave some Interesting news of
missionaries and their work in the
China field.
The officers appointed to act on the
board of, evangelization were Judge
Bridgford, president; Professor H. D.
McAneney, vice president; E. L.
Brown, secretary and treasurer, and
E. C -Dudley, financial secretary. J.
P. Dargitz, M. D., State secretary of
the Christian Science church, was ap
pointed chairman and Rev. W. M.
White, D. D., and E. L. Brown mem
bers of the city missions committee.
For the. sustenance of its population
the island of Malta imports about
$5,000,000 worth of foreign products a
year. '¦ ¦ : 0 -
Robert Williams testified that he,
with Detective O'Connell of Morse's
agency, had found a number of let
ters in the Pacific' Coast Warehouse
in August. 1903. and Calvin Langton, a
clerk employed by the Eppingers,
identified the signatures on a number
offered in evidence.
The battle for the possession of the
books has been temporarily postponed
anl argument will be made before Mil
ton J. Green, referee in bankruptcy,
asking that his order that Receiver
Wadsworth recover possession of the
books be revoked.
The argument before Green will be
heard at 9:30 and the hearing of the
case will be resumed at 10 o'clock this
morning.
Augustus B. Costigan, a grain mer
chant, testified to having grain shipped
through the Eppingers and that he
knew a certain lot of wheat had been
exchanged for another of similar qual
.My. x
LOTS EXCHANGED.
The witness further testified that it
was the custom of Jacob Eppinger to
sign checks made out by Mitchell or
Joseph Eppinger without making a
close examination of them. In July,
1902, a vear before the failure, the
witness had added 900 tons to force a
balance of his books, -which/ was at
tributed to "gain." He admitted that
during the last year these "gains" had
been much greater than in previous
years.
When the case opened Topping re r
sumed the stand and in response to a
question by Attorney Campbeil said
that he never knew what grain was
stored in the warehouse at Crockett,
but was in the habit of making entries
from the inventories sent" down from
Crockett to make his books balance.
The attention of the witness was
then called to two entries in. his books,
one of 12,000 pounds and the other of
20,000 pounds, to force a balance for
the- year ending June 1, 1903, and tie
was asked If he ever showed the book
with these, forced balances to any of
the creditors of the firm, to which he
replied that he did not.
"Do your books show that lots 706;
707, 708 or 710 were shipped on the
Pierre Loti in December, 1902?"
"They do not." «
"Do they show a substitution of 709
for 710?"
"No."
The greater portion of the day was
spent in the. examination of checks is
sued by the firm just before the crash
came. Attorney Ach sought to / show
by the»e checks that the firm was act
ing in good faith or it would not have
made large payments on outstanding
notes just before the failure. To offset
this the prosecution called witnesses
to show that the payments made were
trifling compared with the amounts
owed. During the examination Attor
ney Ach accused District Attorney
Byington of having abstracted certain
checks from those secured. Byington
replied there were some checks
still in the vault and at the disposal
of the defense to examine freely.
UNAWARE OF QUANTITIES.
Late yesterday afternoon the pri- i
vate letters of the \firm of Eppinger
& Co. to the Pacific Warehouse Com
pany <et Crockett were admitted in evi
dence -as a part - of the proceedings
against Jacob Eppinger, charged with
"obtaining money under false pretenses.
Attorney Ach for the defense made a
strong objection to their admission,
but Judge Lawlor permitted them to
be marked as exhibits for identifica
tion and they will be read ati this
morning's session.
One of the features of the day was
the testimony of W. W. Topping for
merly bookkeeper for -the fltro, who
testified that for .years it had been
his custom to balance the accounts
by adding the necessary amounts of
tons of grain as gains. That Jacob
Eppinger was or at least should have
been thoroughly- cognizant of condi
tions at the warehouse was also
brought out in the testimony of Top
ping, who said, that the warehouse re
ports were daily laid on the desk of
Jacob Eppinger and .later taken to
him. Monthly reports were also avail
able to the head of the now defunct
firm.
I)efense Seelcs to Prove Good
Faith of Finn by Showing
It Made Payments on Loans
BALANCES ARE' FORCED
Correspondence of Eppingers
•Prior to the Failure
Is Produced in Court
LETTERS NOW
IN EVIDENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; JULY 6, 1904.
NOTED NAVAL
OFFICER OF
CHILE HERE
COMMANDER ROBERTO MALDO
NADO. AN OFFICER OF THE
CHILEAN NAVY.
Aboard the steamship Totmes, which
arrived Monday from the South, was a
single passenger from Valparaiso. He
is Captain Roberto Maldonado of the
Chilean navy. He is chief of the Chil
ean Hydrographic Bureau in Santiago
and also the naval attache of the lega
tion of his country at Washington.
Captain Maldonado will remain on this
coast till October, making a study of
the geographic and hydrographic feat
ures of the locality. Then he will go
to "Washington, where he will take part
In the International Geographical Con
gress to assemble in that city.
After this he will visit England, Ger
many, France and Italy, where he will
note the meteorological and astronom
ical conditions In those countries. The
captain is 42 years of age, a native of
Chile and has been in the naval service
of that country for twenty-five years.
He waB in command of a gunboat dur
ing Chile's last warfare and is a dis
tinguished officer in the Chilean navy.
7
ADVEBTISEilXNTS.
ADVERTTSEJttENTBL.
Thlf is a very pood picture of Mrs.
Mary Rlvest. who lives at 622 Forty-
fourth street. Oakland. Mrs. Rlvest suf-
fered many years with rheumatism. Fi-
nally the left knee became stiffened,
swollen and painful, and at last the left
l^i? became paralyzed. The home phy-
sician feared gangrene at the knee and
advised amputation of the leg. Mrs.
Rtvest objected to amputation and on ad-
vice from a friend she had her relatives
take her to the Electro-Chemic Insti-
tute. 318 Grant avenue. San Francisco
The Electro-Chemic treatment cured
Mrs. Rlvest quickly. There was no cut-
ting. There was no pain. In a short
time she threw away her crutches. Her
left ltg is now as good as Ihe other and
Electro-Cheaistry did the work whetfaJl
other treatments had failed. Should any
one interested doubt the whole truth of
this most wonderful cure they should go
and see the happy, cured patient. She
would be only too j?lad to vouch for Its
truth. The Electro-Chemic cures of- Can-
cer. Tumors, Consumption, Catarrh
Asthma. Bronchitis. Deafness. Hinging
Ears. Rheumatism, Paralysis. Locomotor
Ataxia, Neuralgia, Dyspepsia, Liver
Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Troubles
TMlea, Fistula, Constipation. Headache'
TMzzlness. Insomnia, Epilepsy. Stricture'
Prost&titis, Blood Poison. Female Ir-
regularities and Misplacements, etc.. etc
are just as wonderful as the cure of Mrs'
Rlvest. and upon application the testi-
monials of hundreds of cured patients
living right here In San Francisco will
be cheerfully piven. These wonderful
cures are quick, permanent and inex-
pensive and. no matter how many other
treatments have failed. Electro-Chemls-
try would In all probability prove cura-
tive. The Electro-Cbemic X-ray exam-
ination Is the most reliable examination
that any sufferer can have. Such an 1 ex-
amination will quickly show whether a
case Is curable or not, and this examin-
ation is now absolutely free to any suf-
ferer applying at the Institute for it.
Don t mistake the place The success
of- the Electro-Chemic practice has
caused other physicians to try to imJtate
It The Electro-Chemic Institute occu-
pies nearly the whole first floor of the
large building. 118 Grant avenue, corner
of Post street. Tie office hours are from
9 to 5 and j to 8 daily and from 10 to 1
on Sundays. Consultation, examination
and advice Is free to all and patients liv-
ing at a distance are furnished a home
treatment that is most successful and
are loaned, free of charge until cured, a
complete Electro-Chemic • apparatus.
From a wide experience, the physicians
pf the Elcctro-Chemic Institute, have
learned that the very best advertising
comos from patients who liave been
quickly, thoroughly and cheaply cured,
and while Mrs. Rivest only paid a few
dollars for her wonderful cure, she has
been the means of sending many other
sufferers to the Institute for treatment.
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGKRS
Couldn't, Handle the Crowds 1
Notwithstanding extra salespeople and augmented wrapping and delivery facilities, hundreds' of
shoppers were turned away. We are sorry' that all our ; customers could not be waited upon, but we
assure you that even better chances will be here to-day. 3
| For To- Day | The Best of Tuesday Bargains and New Ones, [For To- Day ||
heavy huck towels Magnificent Toweling Special. heavy bleached damask fj
¦*^ EACH— These huck towels are : '-, t * r • , I
SG hemmed and have pretty red bof- M Heavy Russian Crash Toweling. A soft, Off a* Twenty-five pieces to make 1
Is^eTnd w in S \v^ Cy^sX rC^ll. fam Ni M A quality that will outwear any- Sas^^fa" q ,Xy .hat^S I
Sore "han ten oftheTeTo "e'ls will t f\° #| P £«* sin ? ilar CVCr ° ffcrcd at I0 . C a y ard " S"!™? rO^ h "— ft is ™» C(U I
be sold to a customer. This is a 17Ir fifagfa 1 Don't miss the chance of getting some ttOrth every cent oi Jl/C I
good value at i*zv .fir Hi o f this material at our remarkably low * " " • ' * ;. • •.*• •. •" ;1]
' ii Vt& nrice !t 1S tcn y ar " s to a customer. fel
HEAVY BATH TOWELS . |
1 OC StSEIl 1 :! Stupendous Sale of Women's q _ M^^liS^ 1
ipSlSiiHl Suits and Cloaks. Sf£lS£^:^|
%alue ar " .Jiacn , regular selling pries of \\ 'SS H
SHEETS These few items will give you an idea as to the ( a he d £f u n e fc/^Z^™ for Vi.W H
Off In this Iot thcre are only 150 va^ ues tnat are n °w being offered at the sale in this t j
OuC sSe'ShiSr 7 Tn^siz^s'lixTO department. It is a Clearance Sale in keeping with CROCHET BED SPREAD . h
No more than ten sheets sold to a •/•{ the alterations and improvements necessary for our s+n For this sale we have (j»< /*r S
bo S ught C for iess'tha'n" 15 """^ be v^C new bi & store - You will be surprised at the bargains OVfC cnt a!1 of our J1.Z5 I
'• you can take away, with you for little money: Crocheted bed spreads within a few cents H
• : ctiiTC °^ a^ P r ' ce -. I' > s a rarr bargain. p
CannOt iLCIlial TheSe #7.45 for suits regularly sold for $1975- SILKOLINE COMFORTERS >|
, • $9.95 for suits regularly sold for $22.50. r y
¥\ ;*%«»«»' J J -$14.95 for suits regularly sold for $27.50 *TETx«* )Pure white filled silkoline cov- 9
Ul eSS CinCt ¦ $17.45 for suits regularly sold for $32.50. / t^C frC(I comt ' ortcr *- Every «>"e t\
1 $19.75 for suits regularly sold for $35.00. %-^^* represents the newest designs H
O211- C* • 1 . «^ .„.*__ an d colors. They are extraordin- /tkj /•»• ¦
Silk Specials. , _ jackets. ary values at . y ..... $1,251
¦ H for covert and broadcloth jackets, regularly sold •••¦»*«*-¦• ? 93
1 All of these values -are in keeping an i°J f 10<^' , •„ 4 'V- i , . . n B
1 ;*U th* &*Z;£a~ a V- ¦ >i \ * 0 * 4 ? !° r b h c Y Sl I k coats ' box ba cks and deep capes. Reg- ::^124 HEAVY BLANKETS ji
§9 with the tremendous reductions that ularly sold for $12.50. : ;|
1 are being made throughout the Store. ¥7-45 for>lack silk coats, made of very heavy taffeta silk <£- Off A PAIR— This is a value I
m T . . ... R slvjic. an j trimmed with fine braid and ornaments. Regularly Jfo E »^t^ v - c cannot emphasize too R
I It IS impossible to find the equal of sold for $UoO. " %pm.9KJXJ strongly. Every house- M
I these bargains in any other store in sn.K PETTICOAT?. ¦ j-Jg SfiSeS!?*: ""thL tpp£oS£ 1
I San rranciSCO. $4.95— Fine rustling taffeta silk petticoat, in black, blue, ma >' n °t be given again. These £^ rti if
|j red, jasper and green; has accordion pleated flounce blankets come in either white or \f *\\i ff
M DRESS COOPS. and dust ruffle. The regular value $8.50. Pray and sell regularly for «J/***W n
M c ~~. . . ;:'-i ¦•". --*v ' We also have lines from 50c up. 11
M /^4&*m+ 5tnped homespun suitings, in a - „ ' ij
9 ZOC lai;gC L, v . arictv ? f colorings; fes^i^^ . . , PIL I OW CASFS 1
U suitable tor rough wear, conse- ||j Flu LOW CASE5 1
I quently just the thing for outing suits for jp| A A • A ' *) EACH — Heavy, shrunk <g/«| ¦
¦ -g 4*\ Wool challies, consisting of a IjrSLL 'Bl §«1 ~ A rh p| S^ 15""^ pan be had at our store during this B
ffl ll/C varict y oi pretty patterns to /^^^^ > «» /&&J& ? alc at nearly o:ic-half prirc. No more than H
S make this great reduction. Regular value \^V " L^ y
| 35C > SFLK , WT AWAYS RELIABLE -. wash lawns g
I A O/- IaCk check Loui- .^ 12 38 - 12 50 JMARKE T ST.OoVcs 5C R c D^gnl y in^the^newS 1
I4t/C Sine SlIk> sultabIc for ghirt ¦ " UV wash lawns. About 75 pieces of H
1. ¦ ¦ waist suits now so much in ff . _ ¦ \ ~. .. our best lines have been selected for this i
¦ demand. The check is very, neat and of All the Shopping mQUCemsntS That Have sale and their worth insures every 1ft g
VlM^MMM°MMM Made Th5s Store Popular Are StillHere...' 1«C 1
§T^SakT^MuiionB^saY^rrg
P&9 >ifi^.- ** ¥f!ft Tho BEST HOT WEATHER MEDICINE jK \\\
H CAN23V CATHARTlC^^a^ Id
H PREVENT ALL SUR1WER BOWEL TROUBLES %
gS4 Undigested food in the human body will ferment a hundred times as I 1
Bh| quickly in summer as in winter. Consequence — stomach, liver, bowels 1 I
Eg poisoned, thrown out of order; sour stomach, gases, colic, diarrhoea, j J
gH dysentery, cholera, appendicitis, and in some regions yellow fever and |:.j
Eg| the plague.' Little children suffer, terribly everywhere. The proper I ;*>
Ha thing is to send all impure and unnecessary matter out of the body §,£
Km every day— not give it a chance to sour in the stomach and bowel*.
pa You will stop hot, feverish conditions and keep your insides cool and Kg
.EH healthy.' To do it, use a medicine that is pleasant to the taste and not I'J;
tepa harsh and violent in its action. The only safe system-cleaner to take rV.
Egl in siammer, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, is Cascarets. K.
Wm All druggists. 10c, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. The-genuine tablet M
Egl stamped C.C.C. Guaranteed to cure or your money bad:. Sample and K|
booklet free. Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 635 J^8p«ctel information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by U»«
«"•»¦ Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 339 Cai-.
uornia street. Telephone iUla 10*2, *
Towniend's California Glace fruits la
artlstlo fire-etched boxes. 715 Market «t. m
WORDEN— H. G. F., San Leandro.
CaL Salter D. Worden was convicted
in connection with the dynamiting of a
bridge near Sacramento during the
railroad strike, at which time several
men -were killed. He was sentenced to
be hanged and on the 15th of June.
1S9S. his sentence was commuted to
imprisonment for life.
A Library Wagon.
A library wagon to carry books to
farmers is a good Wisconsin idea. The
literature-laden vehicles, bearing con
signments of the latest novels and of
treatises on how to tell the wild flowers,
the bugs and beetles, rocks and fos
sils, and all the rest, will make their
rounds much as the Yankee peddler
made his in the old days. In cities and
their suburbs the bobk lover must still
go to the library or the drug store for
his books; in the rural districts the
books will henceforth come to the
lover of them.
Hotnesick Consul's Fourth.
One of the ' ig department stores of
the city recently received an order
from Central America that held a sug
gestion, of pathos, its sender was a
United States Consul and he took the
mail order department of the big store
into his confidence He and his wife
were homesick, find they had decided
tq give an "at home" on the Fourth of
July that would show the native aris
tocracy and other foreign Consuls Just
how such things are done in the States.
Among other .thinfs ordered were
paper napkins Trith United States flags
on them, paper cases In red, white and
Wue for holding bonbons etc ni*»ntv
_© uuuwns, eux, plenty
PROPERTY — Subscriber. Keswick.
Cal. The Question asked is one that
calls for legal advice as to property
rights. It should be submitted to a
reputable attorney. This department
•will frtve the law or decisions that have
been rendered in courts, but it does not
furnish leral advice.
COINS— Cubscriber. Cit., and H. B..
Oakland, CaL Questions as to the
value of coins will be answered by mall
when the correspondent sends a gelf
addressed and stamped envelope, to
gether with the question.
THE MINT— M. W., City. The United
States Branch Mint, on Fifth street.
was formally turned over to General
O. H. Lagrantre. superintendent, No
vember B, 1S74, and was opened with
ceremonies on that day.
Quick Promotion.
All records for quick promotion are
broken by General " Herman Haupt
General Leonard Wood's amazing jump
doesn't hold a candle to the leap made
by the railroad manager and builder.
At the second battle of Mariassas "Mis
ter" Haupt was for a brief period
President, Secretary of War, general
in chief, chief of commissary and chief
of transportation. He rescued Pope.
When he returned to Washington the
Cabinet was in session in the war of
fice. "Come in, Haupt," shouted Sec
retary Stanton. As he entered Stan
ton rushed forward, and, holding him
with both hands, thanked him in the
presence of Mr. Lincoln and the Cab
inet, addressed him as "general" and
on the following day sent him a brig
adier's commission.
AN Examiner correspondent at the front— the front
meaning St. Louis in all matters herein— wires his
paper at length and breadth in regard to the ill
suppressed excitement caused by the advent on the fir
ing line of our talented fellow citizen, Mr. Delmas. The
interest that goe« around stare-eyed and with breath
bated in various headquarters and with various kinds of
bait, but all liquid, i» not aroused, so the correspondent
leaves ub to infer, by the personality of Mr. Delmas, but
because he i* to nominate Mr. Hearst in the convention.
So we read in the Examiner: "Because of the cries
and wails of the Republican and disloyal Democratic
press it was expected that the man who was to nomi
nate Hearst would be a wild man of the West a sort of
woolly aphis of oratory. So there was great surprise
when -it was found that the foremost orator of California
was a carefully groomed epitome of resonant courtesy."
There now 1 The sordid and effete East, led on and in
stigated by the devil and "the disloyal Democratic press,"
expected to see "a woolly aphis," and are presented in
stead with a "carefully groomed epitome of resonant
courtesy!" The sire of the 'show may be estimated
when it is known that in the said East "epitomes of re
sonant courtesy" are as extinct as the dodo. Epitomes
are there and possibly of courtesy, but the "resonant"
kind has gone with the mastodon and the moa. It was
left to Mr. Hearst to introduce the real article under the
eye . of the world at St. Louis^
Even the friends of this epitome in California had not
suspected him. Mr.^ Delmas has carried "resonance" as
a tail -to his courtesy like a concealed weapon, and draws
it and flashes it like a falchion for the first time before an
alien people. „ .
HYDROSTATIC TEST— P. H.. Mill
wood, Cal. The hydrostatic test for
boilers differs according to character
of boilers. The pounds of water per
horse power hour vary from 17 to 33.S.
A WESTERN WONDER.
Answers to Queries.
NEWSPAPERS— P. H. M.. City. The
Sail Francisco Call was established in
1S5«, the Evening Bulletin in 1S55, the
Chronicle and the Examiner In 1S65 and
the Evening Post in 1S7L
A New York lad, credited with thirteen years of vege
tative existence, committed suicide the other day be
cause he was ordered to bed earlier than he thought
reasonable. It is fortunate that the youngster closed
h»s unlovely career before he reached an age of indis
cretion where he would have been a menace to his
neighbors.
His Time- IVas Too Slow.
He was a mechanic named Callag*
han employed at the Union Iron
Works and one day was set to work
by hla foreman chipping off a long,
flat piece of iron. Now Callaghan was
somewhat musical In his tastes and
before commencing his task he had
traced the five diagonal lines of the
staff with a piece of chalk on the iron.
He had also marked the notes of the
first few bars of the funeral march In
"Saul" on the staff.
Callaghan was whistling the air and
at the same time kept up a slow ac
companiment with his chisel, with
which he was chipping off the metal.
Callaghan was not making much
headway when his foreman came
around to see what progress he was
making. The foreman, who was of a
musical turn of mind himself, thus
addressed Callaghan:
"That is a beautiful piece of music,
but I see you are playing it In adagio,
which is the slowest time possible."
"Yes, that's right," said Callaghan.
"It's a beautiful aria." and he contin
ued to whistle as he slowly chipped
off the iron.
"Well," said the foreman, who re
alized that at the rate Callaghan was
working the job would never be fin
ished, "suppose you change the piece
to 'There'll Be a Hot Time,' and just
make the time presto, or as fast as
you are able."
THIS being the vacation season, when all classes of
citizens who have any leisure to devote to seeing
the picturesque sights of California find representa
tion in mountain climbing parties on a greater or less
ambitious scale, the popular mind turns naturally to the
subject of trails and to the charms of nature made ac
cessible thereby.
The mountain climbers may be divided into two
classes — those who seek diversion purely and those who
desire at once to enjoy and to overcome difficulties.
Mount Tamalpais is the nearest accessible mountain to
San Francisco, and thousands of citizens are now roam
ing over its slopes every week. Mount Diablo is a little
more remote, but not so far as to be out of the track
of popular tours, especially on the part of strong and
active young men, who think it no discomfort to sleep
on the summit and for whom there is a reward in the
sunrise outlook that comes as the fruit of their indus
try, a great view that is truly grand under favorable
circumstances, with the Sierra serrating the eastern
horizon and the vast extent of the San Joaquin Valley
in the vista and the immediate western aspect embrac
ing all the intervening hills of the Coast Range Moun
tains, the bay of San Francisco, Tamalpais looming up
in tent shape like a great lodgment for a mountain
spirit and the immense width of the Pacific beyond.
Going up Mount Hamilton there are various points of
vantage from which the Santa Clara Valley may be
seen in almost its entire extent, and a remarkable pano
rama it is indeed. Los Angeles has Mount Lowe. The
north looks up to Mount Shasta and to the Lassen Butte,
with their crowns of snow. These mountains are all pro
vided with trails that the ordinarily vigorous man or
woman may safely attempt to traverse without mis
giving as to; ability to continue to the end.
Mount Whitney has so many devotees that the sea
son is marked by the issuance of a. Mount Whitney Club
Journal. From that veracious publication glimpses of
the enlargement of means to reach the Mount Whitney
scenery are obtained. The Government road to the
Sequoia National Park has been completed to the Giant
Forest. A road of reasonable grades and evading the
dangerous Stevens grade extends from Happy Gap on
the old Visalia road to the west line of the .General
Grant National Park. Boulder Creek, on the^route to
the General Grant Park, has been spanned' by a bridge.
The way to. the Big Meadows, the shortest ? line to the
Kings River Canyon, has been improved.. the Tehipite
trail has been made safe for riding and pack animals,
whereby, in conjunction with the Copper Creek trail, the
Simpson Meadow, Granite Basin and Sheepshead Basin
are made more easy of ; access. -With some additional
changes, now in contemplation, one may travel by way
of Copper Creek to Tehipite, thence down the Middle
Fork and out via Millwood or the General Grant Park.
There have been many accidents at the place known for
some years as "the stairs," on the Stubbs : Creek trail to
Kearsarge Pass, leading to the summit of the canyon
of the Kings River. Pack animals and horses have been
killed there. The '/stairs" are reported to have;lost
PATHS TO PICTURESQUENESS.
Death's Strange Distinction.
"A corpse was floating on the water."
a reporter said. "I saw it first and my
longshoreman stopped rowing to peer
at it through the dusk.
" 'It is a man,' he said. 'I bet you it
Is a man.'
" 'How can you tell?' said I.
" 'Because it is floating on its stom
ach." the longshoreman answered. 'Male
corpses float on their stomachs always.
Female corpses always float on their
backs.'
"A moment later we were beside the
corpse. It floated face downward and
It was, sure enough, a man.
" 'You see,* said the longshoreman,
'the two sexes are built differently.
There's a group of bones called the
pelvic bones that are lighter in men
than In women. It is these pelvic
bones that cause men to float face
down and women face up.'
"•You might have divined this fact
for yourself by watching the bathers
at the seashore. Didn't you ever no
tice, among bathers, how easy it is for
women to float on their backs? But
men, when they try to float in this
¦way, gradually turn over on their stom
achs.' "—New York Telegram.
Earl Roberts has finally succumbed to friendly im
portunities and will pay us a visit next year. Let us give
old "Bobs" such a generous welcome that he will know
the American people love a good soldier whatever cause
may enlist his genius and under whatever flag he may
fight.
A Rubaiyat of the States.
Some people seem attached to boozelesa
Maine ... e .
And some to California, where's no rain;
An' some agin thinks Florida's th' spot
While others clings to Kansas' wind
swept plain.
Still others sounds th' praise of New
Orleens
Or Hoosierdom that wears the home
made jeans:
Some, more misguideder than all the
rest.
Speaks handsome of ol' Boston with 'er
beans.
They's folks I s'pose out on th' ol' Pike
road
That, livin' in Missouri, must be showed
Why they's a better place to live than
that,
Though most of us believe they ort to
knowed.
In Utah once I found a man that swore
He wouldn't never live back Ka*«t no
more:
An' even in New Mexico they's men
That's stuck on them ol* cactus-plains
for shore.
Some folks, agin, in little old New York —
These dudes that can't eat pie without a
fork —
Don't feel quite certain they's another
place
Except Chicago, which is full o' pork.
I've lived in all these places, on th'
square.
From Maine t' California's life-fraught
air;
I'd just as leave live one place as th'
rest —
Thank God they's bang-up people every
where!
— Gillilan In Baltimore American.
Russia's Gold Rcserz'e
Henry Norman, a Russian traveler
and member of the British Parliament,
describes in the World's Work a visit
to the Imperial Bank at St. Peters
burg, where there is $313,830,000 worth
of gold. The walls of the treasure
chamber are literally lined with gold.
Mr. Norman describes the room as fol
lows: The walls of the apartment were
completely covered up to a height of
about eight feet with shallow cup
boards with doors of strong wire net
ting, leaving their contents plainly vis
ible, each door being both padlocked
and sealed.
About five-sixths of these cupboards
were completely filled on narrow
shelves, with ingots. of gold, the ends
of which made a lining of gold for
nearly the length of the room, j The
light was reflected brightly from the
shining metal, and the effect, needless
to say, was highly Impressive. I felt
as if some fairy had conducted me to
one of the caves cf gold I used to read
about with awe as a child. The bal
ance sheet of the Bank of Russia for
March 29 stated the total gold reserve
in the bank to be as follows:
Rubles.
Russian gold coin '..... 2:{S,0<)0,000
Foreign gold coin 142,000.<mO
Bullion gold co!b 204,000,000
Total 5.S4.00O.0O0
Or 1313,830,000. The gold reserve of the
Bank of England is $140,000,000.
The total gold reserve of Russia
reaches the imposing sum of 1,000,000,
000 rubles, or more than $550,000,000.
It Is, of course, only a comparatively
small part of this vast stock of the
precious metal that would be available
under any circumstances for a war
fund. This fund would come, in the
first place, from the reserve of gold I
saw. The currency law of Russia of
1S97 prescribes that, up to 600,000,000
rubles, paper money may be issued
with a gold reserve of only one-half
its face value, but that all subsequent
issues must be covered, ruble for ruble,
by a gold reserve. *
Now, there is a nominal circulation,
of paper money to the value of 6S0,
000.000 rubles, but of this there are
always at least 30,000,000 to 50,000.000
in the bank; therefore the effective
circulation of paper money is not more
than 650,000.000. and of this, according
to law, 350,000,000 must be redeemable
by fixed' gold deposit.
Deducting this sum from hte 6S4.
000,000 of the fixed gold deposit, we
have 234.000,000 rubles immediately
available as a war fund, and to this
can certainly be added a large part of
the gold on deposit abroad, belonging,
as exnlained above, both to the state
and to, the Bank of Russia, the total
being, say. 225,000,000— say, an availa
ble sum of 200,000,000, making a total
war fund immediately available of
484,000,000 rubles, or $225,000,000.
REPORTS from St. Louis are to the effect that no
feature of the great fair has proven to be more,
popular than the daily demonstrations of the ej
fects of radium, given every day at the United States
Government building. No novelty or wonder show on
the Pike is more attractive than these scientific lectures.
The room where they are given is always crowded and,
after the lecture is over, many persons remain to ask
questions and get a sight of the marvelous element.
The popular interest taken in the demonstrations is. not
strictly speaking a scientific dne. At present radium is
a curiosity which every one is eager to see and to learn
as much about as possible. Moreover, it is a curiosity
around which there have been developed some most ex
traordinary expectations. Science knows hardly any
thing about radium except that it exists and that it
possesses a radiant energy so great as to be virtually
incalculable. If it could be obtained in considerable
quantities and applied to use it would place at the dis
posal of man a force so enormous that the civilization
of the future would exceed thafof to-day to a greater
degree than our, civilization exceeds savagery.
According to some authorities, however, the quantity
of radium is so small we can hardly hope to make use
of it for industrial purposes. It is said to be so rare
that a pound of it is estimated to be worth $8,000,000.
Professor Kunz of the United States Geological Survey
is quoted as saying:
"There is so little radium in the world that if it was all
crystallized together it would have no more effect in
heating or lighting the . earth than would one incan
descent electric light upon the 1240 acres of ground
comprising this World's Fair. There is so little radium
in the world that it can hardly change our present sys
tems, but, like other discoveries, it may have* an appre
ciable influence upon, the scientific world."
A report of the demonstrations given at the fair says:
"There is no pure radium shown. It is a dirty-looking
little powder and the demonstrator used a speck about
the size of a cambric needle point on a little instru
ment called the spinthariscope. This is a small metal
tube, two inches long, having magnifying lenses at one
end and being closed at the other. In the closed end
there are tiny yellow crystals of zinc sulphide stuck on
a disk of paper, before which stands a pointer like the
hand of a watch. On the tip of this is the speck of
radium. Watching the spinthariscope one can see a
constant flow of points of light" which come from the
*inc sulphide paper. The demonstrator says that these
radiations would go on for thousands of years without
lessening the energy of the radium."
Such is the show that is now most attractive to the
American people, and it is difficult to avoid speculation as
to what kind of radium exhibits will be made at the next
World's Fair. That there will be something much more
notable than a dirty-looking powder goes without saying.
It is even possible fliat there may be shown exhibits of'
a means of using it in art and medicine, if not in industry.
There was a time when electrical energy was as mar
velous to man as radium energy is now, and perhaps in
the future we shall find a means of using the one almost
as effectively as we use the other.
RADIUM AT THE FAIR.
Fighting Sand Dunes.
This Government is making- a study
of the sand dune question, with a view
to putting up a fight against the en
croachments of a relentless enemy
which, in some parts of this country — ;
notably on the coast of North Caro
lina and along the shores of the Great
Lakes — -does an immense amount of
damage, destroying farms, swallowing
villages and even overwhelming: rail
roads on occasions, says the Phila
delphia Saturday Evening Post.
When dry land takes a notion to
flow like water, trouble is pretty sure
to follow. Sometimes the dunes as
sume the proportions of great hills,
200 or 300 feet high, and, aided by the
wind, wander about, overwhelming
everything in their paths. By and by
such a wandering dune is likely to
get far enough away from the shore
to be sheltered to some extent from
the wind, and then it transforms it
self into a fixed dune, grasses and
eventually trees growing upon it.
The only way to deal with' the sand
dunes is to sow them with sand-bind
ing grasses, the interlacing roots of
which hold the' sand together and pre
vent the wind from blowing it away.
For this purpose the plant chiefly used
is the so-called "beach grass," which
is common all along our Atlantic coast
as far south as North Carolina. It is
dug up with spades and regularly set
out in rows a foot apart on the bare
dunes. One odd thing about it is that
it grows .most luxuriantly upon drift
ing sands; when the sand is quiet it
dies out after a while.
The planting of the grass, however,
is merely a preliminary step. When
a dune has by this means been made
stationary young pine trees are set
out on it and after a few years it is
covered with forest. Thus the mis
chievous and tramplike sand hill is
converted to usefulness, the timber
which it bears being a source of reg
ular income.
Losses in Great Battles.
Modern warfare differs from ancient
and medieval conflicts not only In the
veapons used, but in the percentage of
the wounded who survive a battle. In
the days of hand-to-hand fighting with
jiike and sword, battleax and dagger,
the casualties of a beaten army in a
hotly contested battle were apt to be
the final losses. The wounded were usu
ally taken prisoners or slain. Few men
hurt seriously escaped the fierce and
tiose pursuit of the victors.
Even the winning side had a far
smaller proportion of losses which were
merely temporary or technical than
armies suffer in these times, when
«-very man hit by a rifle ball figures in
the list of casualties, and nine out of
terf reported wounded recover soon and
rejoin their commands. In modern war
the so-called losses published after a
battle ran be cut down' to 25 or 30 per
cent of the official numbers In ascer
taining the permanent diminution of
the forces engaged.
In this respect, however, battles dif
fer widely. Sometimes actions fought
at close quarters under peculiar condi
tions, a«, for instance, in cases which
involve the storming of strong works
defended by heavy artillery, the propor
tion of casualties which mean death
may rise to {something like the terrible
mortality rate of medieval wars.
When the Russians fiung themselves
upon the French and Sardinian lines
at the Tehernaya River before Sevas
topol in the summer of 1855 they left
about 3300 dead upon the field, and their
wounded seemed to number only about
half that number. But these propor
tions are so remarkable that it must be
taken for granted that many slightly
wounded Russians were sent to the
rear and never reported as hurt in rec
ords which the allies had the means of
comparing with their own casualties.
Keeping in mind, then, the broad
fact that losses in battle may mean
anything, from death to slight hurts,
and the temporary absence from roll
call of troops which rejoin their colors
later, and remembering that all rec
ords of casualties in war are disputed
by opposite sides and open to more or
less doubt, it is extremely interesting
at this time to look over a list of
losses, as the figures have gone into
history, in some of the more 'famous
battles of modern wars.
The following how greatly
the fighting which has taken place so
far in the Russo-Japanese war falls
short of the havoc which has marked
many notable battles of the last 200
years:
Borodino — French loss, 30,000; Rus
sian, 40,000.
Waterloo — French loss, 31,000; al
lies, 22,000.
Austerlitz — French loss, 7S00; al
lies, 35,000.
Wagram — French loss, 30,000; Aus
trian, 35.000.
Friedland — French loss, S000; al
lies, 19,000.
Eylau — French loss, 20.000; allies,
IS, 000.
Hohenlinden — French loss, 5000;
Austrian, 20.000.
Dresden — French loss, 3000; allies,
27,000.
Leipsic — French loss, 55,000; allies.
63. 000.
Jena-Auerstadt — French loss, 14,000;
Prussian, 35,000.
Blenheim — French loss* 40,000; al
lies. 13,000.
*<*IaJplaquet — French loss, 20,000;
allies. IS.000.
Rosebach — Prusssian. 500; allies,
7500.
Zorndorf — Prussian, 11,000; Rus
sian. 16,000.
Kunerdorf — Prussian, IS, 500; al
lies. 24,000.
Magenta — French-Sardinian, 4 000;
Austrian, 17,000.
Solferino — French-Sardinian, 18,000;
Austrian, 20,000.
Sadowa — Prussians, 9000; Austrians,
44.000.
Gravelotte — German. 21.000; French,
14.000.
Sedan — German, 9000; French,
3S.000.
Inkermann — Russian, 8000; allies,
2600.
The Alma — Russian, 6600; allies
8300.
Sevastopol (final) — Russian, (?);
allies, 10,000.
Plevna — Russian, 40,000; Turk
irh. 65,000.
Gettysburg — Federal, 23,1 Sg; Con
federate, 31,621.
Antietam — Federal, 16,851; Confed
erate, 31,621.
Chlckamacga — .Federal, 16.851;
Confederate, 17, SO 4.
ChaneelloreviUe — Federal, 16,000;
Confederate. 12.E21.
Wilderness — Federal. 12,469; Con
federate. 12,821.
Seven day* before Richmond — Fed
eral, 15,249; Confederate, 17,583.
Stone River— Federal, 11,578; Can
federate. 25,560.
Petersburg — Federal, 10,686; Con
federate, (?).
Ehiloh— Federal, 13,575; Confederate
10.000.
Spoitsylvania— Federal, 14,931; Con
federate, 9000. ,
Cold Harbor— Federal, 14,931; Con
federate, 1700.
Fredericksburg— Federal, 12,853; Con
federate, 4756.
Chattanooga— Federal. B€16; Con
federate, S6S4. ,
Bull Run— Federal, 2852; Confederate,
17EL
A little explanatory comment Is re
quired. Borodino tu the bloodiest
The reputation of the penitentiary officers of Califor
nia has been saved again and by the customary narrow
margin. A prison break, plotted by several of the most
desperate convicts in Folsom, is listed among the things
that never were simply because of an accidental discov
ery and destruction of the plan. Folsom officials should
congratulate themselves on their narrow escape from
another inglorious campaign.
of firecrackers, candles galore- and
boxes of fancy crackers. The order
ended with this Injunction:
"My wife says to be sure and send us
some of the newest favors for decor
ating the table — some of the same sort
that women up North are using this
year, like candy firecrackers tied with
ribbons, etc."
Our Accidental Presidents,
Every one of the Vice Presidents of
the United States who succeeded to the
Presidency through the death of a Pres
ident was an aspirant for the next nom
ination for President— but not one suc
ceeded.
John Tyler after the death of Presi
dent William Henry Harrison began to
realize the waning power of the Whig
party, and consequently abandoned the
party that had elected him on its na
tional ticket and strove to obtain the
next Democratic Presidential nomina
tion. That party, however, scouted his
candidacy and nominated Polk, who
was sneered at by Clay as the "Duck
River. coloneL" General Zachary Tay
lor, who was really without party poli
tics, was nominated for President by
the Whigs in 1S43 and was elected only
because of his Mexican war record
and the defection In New York of the
Van Buren faction, who would not sup
port General Cass, the Democratic
nominee. Taylor was in office only a
month when he died and was succeeded
by Millard Fillmore, a mediocre man.
But he had followers who stimulated
his ambition, and he soon began to lay
plans' for the Whig nomination in 1852.
But his claims were ignored and the
Whig party, with General Wlnfleld
Scott as its candidate, made its last
rally for the Presidency.
Fillmore in his disappointment was
persuaded to abandon his party,, and in
1856 ran as the Presidential candidate
of the Know Nothing or American
party, and he received only the eight
electoral votes of Maryland.
Andrew Johnson, seeing no prospect
of a nomination from the Republicans,
followed the example of Tyler and Fill
more and deserted the party that placed
him in power. He planned and dickered
for the Democratic nomination of 1863,
but his strength in the convention of
that party was hardly worth consid
ering.
Arthur followed Garfleld, and through
a skillful and prudent use of the Fed
eral patronage built up In his party an
apparently strong faction in favor of
continuing him in the Presidency, but
before the Republican National Con
vention of 1884 convened his strength
as a candidate had so melted away as
to leave him no chance of success.
Thus it will be seen - that what are
called "accidental" Presidents have all
aspired to succeed themselves and all
have signally failed, and with the ex
ception of Johnson their failure has
been followed by. obscurity. Roosevelt
is reputed to be a lucky man, and it
remains to be seen if he will be more
lucky than any of his accidental pre
decessors.—New York Commercial.
AT the Alhambra Theater there will be held this
evening one of the most important as well as
one of the most interesting, political meetings of
the year. It is to serve as a ratification of the Chicago
ticket and platform, and at the same time commemorate
the anniversary of the original organization of the Re
publican party on July 6, 1854. The speakers of the
evening will be among the foremost of the State and it
goes without saying that the audience will be sufficient
ly large in numbers and sufficiently enthusiastic in spirit
to rouse them to their finest and most eloquent efforts.
The fifty years that have passed since the Republican
party was organized have been among the most .mo
mentous of the history of the country. In 1854 it was
still doubtful whether the United States was a nation or
a confederacyj.it was not known whether all the States
were to remain united or be divided; it was uncertain
whether an aristocracy, based upon slavery-was to rule
the Union or whether slavery was to be overthrown and
the aristocracy based upon it was to fall with it; and
finally it was as yet a matter of speculation whether we
were to become a great industrial people ranking above
all others in manufactures and in arts or were to remain
a race of agriculturists selling the products of our 'farms
for little or nothing and dependent upon Europe for al
most every form of manufactured goods except those of
the crudest kind. 4
Not one of those questions remains to perplex us.
They have all been settled. This js a nation, its vari
ous States and Territories will remain united as insepa
rable parts of a' mighty republic, there is to be no form
of slavery in the country, nor will the Government fall
under the control of an aristocracy of any kind; and
finally, American industries are to be protected for all
time against the ruinous competition of pauper labor in
foreign lands so that the American workingman may be
assured of abundant employment at good wages.
For the settlement of each and of all of these ques
tions the country is indebted primarily and directly to
the political organization formed on July 6, 1854, and
named "the Republican party." During its fifty years
of history it has elevated to the Presidency men who
will be held in honor by patriotic Americans for all gen
erations to come. Uuder their guidance the party has
held control of Government almost continuously since
t86o, and so wisely as well as so patriotically have Re
publican statesmen and representatives solved each suc
ceeding political problem as it arose that the most vio
lent of opposing partisans have in the end been forced to
abandon opposition and accept the solutions as definite
and final settlements of the issues at stake.
By reason of its illustrious history the Republican or
ganization has long since become familiarly known as
"The Grand Old Party." It has deserved the title by
reason of the grandeur of its past services in war and
in peace, and continues to deserve it by the fidelity with
which it holds to its fundamental principles and its great
policies. It now enters upon a new campaign under
leaders well worthy to uphold the high traditions of the
past. The celebration of its fiftieth anniversary is,
therefore, a matter of considerable moment in our polit
ical history and the meeting at the Alhambra should be
made memorable in the annals of the city.
single day's battle in modern times.
The fighting at Liepslc lasted more
than three days. In the "latter battle
the French lost about 25,000 sick and
wounded men, whom they had to aban
don in hospitals as they retreated.
These are not included in the figures
given. At Borodino, Liepsic and other
battles or Napoleon's later wars the
French included many nationalities,
such as Poles, Italians, Belgians, etc.
At Blenheim the French, who fought
and lost against Marlborough and
Prince Eugene, had Bavarian allies.
In the wars of Frederick the Great
the army he defeated, at Rossbach was
mainly French. At Kunerdorf the
force which routed him was chiefly
Russian. The French defeat at Sedan
was followed immediately by the sur
render of an army of 86,000 men. The
losses at Plevna cover a siege of
months, but the Russians and their
Roumanian allies lost 16,000 in four
days of fighting. The Turkish losses
were chiefly in the surrender of 40,000
men with the fortress.
The bloodiest ten minutes of the
Civil War was the first rush of the
Union army against Lee's impregnable
works at Cold Harbor. In half an hour"
the Federal loss was about 7000 and
probably 3500 fell in ten minutes. At
that rate 21,000 men would be put out
of action in an hour, or 250.000 in a
summer day, such as the struggle at
Waterloo covered. But no men that
ever wore uniforms could stand such
slaughter long.
It will be seen that in many cases
troops fighting behind intrenchments
suffered much less than those attack
ing such works. That is a rule of
modern war. It enabled the Boers
k»'s inflict losses on the British which
were often ten times their own cas
ualties. But in South Africa, as at
Santiago, the numbers engaged on
berth sides were so small that the
losses of fights famous in their day
will attract little notice in the far view
of history.
their terrors. .Many other betterments are reported.
An elaborate programme for this year includes trails
along the canyons of the Roaring River and Cloudy
River to the headwaters of both and into the. Kern
River Canyon, where the new trail to Mount Whitney
will be touched; trails along the Middle Tule River, to
be followed by road building; and the improvement *of
the trail up the Middle Tule to Nelson's, which furnishes,
an easy way to the Little and Big Kern rivers.
He who will stay at home all the long summer and not
sec the mountains in their sterner or more smiling as
pects may find his own reward in some direction, even as
Russell Sage predicts; but the breath of the pine
grove, the glint of the madrone tree and the soaring
peaks invite one strongly to go abroad^ and becoipe ac
quainted with the charms that nature has so • prodi
gally given to California in all parts of its lordly do
main.
ALHAMBRA TO-NIGHT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1904.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . 1' . ';?¦.. . . Address All Commcnications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office »•• ..^.... ............... Third and Market Streets. S. F.
WEDNESDAY r.V....;.; JULY 6, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESIf you are going to the World's Fair get
cheap rate and go via Northern Pacific Rait
way and Yellowstone Park. Ask about it. VT.
K. Stateler, General Agent, 647 Market street,
San Francisco, . ' V •
Cheap Rates East.
I. N. Neely, an old and respected,
citizen of Milton, died last Thursday
at his home in that place. His wife,
who had been called to San Francisco,
was detained here and so was not at
her husband's bedside at the time *of
I. N. Neely Dies in Milton.
Owing to a weeding out of the old
patients at the City and County Hos
pital Deputy Health Officer Levy yes
terday was able to send twenty new
patients to that institution. The limit
of 425 patients has been reached and
new applicants can be accommodated
only when some of the Inmates are
discharged. . '
Some Patients Accommodated.
Mies Elizabeth Jackson, 507 Shot
well street, who does not deny that
she is an old maid, secured a wtxrant
from Police Judge Conlan yesterday
for the arrest of John Tooker, her next
door neighbor, on a charge of disturb
ing the peace. Miss Jackson alleges
that because she remonstrated with
boys for throwing firecrackers into her
basement Tooker threw a big bomb on
Monday evening over the transom of
her front door and it exploded, burn
ing the carpet and doing other'dam
age. He also, she alleges, made use
of insulting language toward her be
cause she was an old maid.
Threw Bomb Into House.
Thus building is encouraged and the holding
of high-priced unimproved or poorly, improved
realty discouraged. - I believe that in assess
ing buildings they should be valued solely on
th« basis of that value which. they add to the
realty on which they stand, and not necessa
rily • on ,the basis of their cost, . This applies
particularly to old buildings. , r It Is in , this
connection that I feel that.»ome property own
ers'mayhave a just cause for asklngta revis
ion of - their - assessment. There has been ¦ no
To the Owners of San Francisco Real Estate:
The assessment of real estate has been raised
$87,000,000. This is an unprecedented increase.
It has been my endeavor to make the asttess
ment of real estate this year, however, as near
uniform as it is possible to make It. The
immense amount of revisionary work which
was required and the short ppace of time
available for this work have made It impos
sible to prepare a perfect assessment roll pre
senting no inequalitleti. It is with a view of
affording relief to any owner who may feel
that his property is overaseesised that the
suggestions contained in this letter are made.
The assessment rolls will be opened for in
spection of property owners to-morrow morn
ing (Wednesday) in the chambers of the Board
of Supervisors. During the ensuing two weeks
thft board will sit daily as a board of equal
ization with j the object of reviewing the as
sessment of any property owner who may
petition to have the game reconsidered. I
will be pleased to meet any property owner
who may feel aggrieved at hi« assessment
before the board and there take up the ques
tion solely on its merits.
j I nwy here state that, while I am respon
sible for the valuations placed upon real es
tate and believe thorn to be more Just and ac
curate than' they ever have b»>en before in this
city, yot th«He valuations are in the main based
upon an appraisement made by a board of thrrc
¦ professional appraisers of real estate, not con
; nected with this office, who were employed by*
; me for this purpose. Th*se appraisers were un
i known to each other and each made a separate
estimate of the value by the front foot of each
block of city property, which was reappraised.
In most instances their valuations closely
agreed. Where they did not an average was
I struck of the valuations determined upon by
th?m. The result has been an increase, in the
assessed value of real estate of $S7,000,000.
There has not, however, been a uniform in
crease In the assessed valuation of all real es
tate, which would have been unjustifiable, but
such real estate as had In the past few years
shown a marked increase in valuation was
raised up to the same basis of valuation as
property in less desirable »?ct!ons has been as-
Besfted at. In many cases the result has been
that real estate has had the assessment thereon
doubled, and in a great many Instances even
trebled. I would have oreferred to distribute
this immense increase over two or three years,
but certain reasons made this inadvisable, to
my mind In the first plac«». there was the
action of the State Board of Equalisation to be
considered. This board * last year raised all
property 30 per cent. This raise fell on such
property as was fully aese*eed as well as on
that which was underassessed. The result was
a creat wrong to thousands of our taxpayers.
The beard threatened to take similar action this
year. To protect those entitled to protection
' it v/as necessary to make an immediate equali
' zation of values, although this action will be
' a drastic one in many instances. The result,
however will, • In my opinion, protect San
' Francisco from any increase by the State
! Board.
! In the second place, there is the question
'of equity to those taxpayers whose property
has not increased in value to any such extent,
. vet who have practically been paying taxes for
more favored owners, assessed at a much
lower rate. These latter owners have real lied
in many instances large promts on increas
ing values and should pay at once at the same
ratio as others in Ipss favored sections, I
know the result will be to force many to im
prove their property or sell In those Instances
where poor improvements cover very valuable
' realty. My Idea of assessments is to have. the
land bear the greater burden of the taxes and
j assess the new improvements as leniently as is
I possible. ¦
JTO ENCOURAGE IMPROVEMENTS.
Assessor Dodge has made public the
following letter to property owners,
explaining—his reasons for the great
increase in the assessment roll and the
methods adopted in making it:
Assessor Invites Dissatisfied Property
Owners to File Objections.
DODGE EXPLAINS HIS WORK.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
INDICTS TWO SAILORS
United States District Attorney "Wood
worth and IDs Able Assistants
Are Complimented.
The United States Grand Jury made
its final report yesterday in the United
States District Court. Indictments
were brought against John Johans
sen, and W. Nelson, members of the
crew of the steamer Coquille River,
for having on June 2 "feloniously in
cited and stirred up" Eric Gustafson,
"a member of the crew, to resist the
lawful orders of the master of the
steamer." Joe Lockhart also was in
dicted for having assaulted John Mc-
Kay with a knife at Round Valley In
dian reservation on June 15. Robert
Duncan was Indicted for selling liquor
to Indians on the Round Valley res
ervation.
The following charges were ig
nored: A. J. Porter, addressing a
scurrilous envelope to the proprietor
of the Raven; J. C. Bruce, unlawfully
landmg in the United States a Chinese
person; George Nelson, fraudulently
importing into the United States two
Panama hats.
The jury expressed its thanks for
courtesies extended by United States
District Attorney Marshall B. Wood
worth and his assistants, Duncan E.
McKinlay, Ben L. McKinley and C.
M. Fickert, and for their able presen
tation of the cases submitted.
Father Wants Ills Child.
To-morrow Judge Graham will hear
the petition of Clayton C. ISmith for
revocation, of the letters of adoption
granted to Anna D. Jackson over Ar
llne Smith, a two-year-old child, who
was taken from her mother's custody
on report of the latter's misbehavior.
Clayton C. Smith is the father of the
child and alleees in his petition that
the adoption was granted under fraud
ulent representations in that Anna
Jackson Is not, as stated, the grand
mother of the infant. Inquiry devel
ops that Mrs. Jackson is the step
grandmother of the ward. There will
probably be a contest for the posses
sion of the child.
Trouble Over a Dog.
John Day, bartender in a saloon at
Powell and Ellis streets, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him
with petty larceny. He was released
on $10 cash bail. The complaining
witness against him is Mrs. Edith
Robinson, 2614. Twenty- fourth street.
She alleges that she bought a fox-ter
rier from the pound for $3 and while
she and her husband were walking
past the saloon where Day is a bar
tender on Monday Day .grabbed the
fox-terrier. When remonstrated with
and asked to return it he refused,
saying it belonged to his employer.
Authorizing the payment of $1000 to A.
Wenzelburser for expert services ln« the Spring
Valley Company litigation during June.
Imposing a graduated license on riding
academies of $2 and $4 per quarter according
to the amount of business done.
Providing for th« measurement of the height
of buildings from the curb level at the center
of the front of the building.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company was requested to install eigh
teen arc lights in various locations.
The recommendation. of the Mayor
that an additional van driver be al
lowed the Sheriff was referred to the
Finance Committee.
The following ordinances were finally
passed: J <
Prohibiting the sale of police badge* or
stars without the written authorization of th«
Chief of Police.
The Santa Fe system was granted an
extension of sixty days from July 1
within which to complete the Nine
teenth street steel foot-bridge over its
proposed tracks, at and near Indiana
street.
EXTENSION OF TOLE.
A demand was passed In favor of J.
H. Dockweller for $650 for expert ser
vices in the Spring Valley Water Com
pany litigation.
An ordinance was passed to print
raising the pay of the stenographer of
the Police Department from $100 to
$125, but the increase must be paid out
of the funds already appropriated for
the department.
The roadways of Twenty-first street,
between Valencia and Guerrero; Tenth
avenue, between H and I streets, and
Cedar avenue, between Laguna and
Octavia streets, were accepted. *
The board adopted a resolution ac
cepting the new safety station at Mar
ket and Ellis streets, presented by
merchants of that neighborhood.
Bids for forage and coal were opened
and referred to the Joint Committee on
Police and Health.
Fire Commissioner Boyne asked the
committee to contribute $1368 14 to the
deficit of $3268 14 in the firemen's pen
sion fund. Boyne said the sum of $1900
had been Baved in salaries of firemen
and this would go toward paying the
pensions. The committee answered
that there is but $46 left in the urgent
necessity fund, but promised to ascer
tain if there were any other funds from
which the remainder of the pensions
may be paid.
The ordinance limiting the height of
all frame buildings to forty-five feet
was finally passed by the Board of Su
pervisors. The former limit was fifty
feet, but It was reduced in compliance
with the recommendation of the Fire
Department officials and insurance
men generally, in order to afford fire
protection, especially in .the lodging
house districts.
The. Supervisors' Finance Committee
decided yesterday to begin a crusade
against the owners of sidewalk eleva
tors not complying with the new ordi
nance requiring safety devices to be af
fixed to the elevators. A complaint had
been received from citizens that In
spector Ilolman was not enforcing the
law and that owners construed It to
suit themselves. Holman appeared be
fore the committee and reported that
he had inspected 116 sidewalk eleva
tors and that only 50 or 60 were com
plying with the ordinance. This state
ment seemed to surprise the committee
and Brandenstein declared that all
must be made to obey the law. :
"I have not inspected them all," said
Holman, "because I am obliged to walk
in the discharge of my duties."
"Walk!" cried Brandenstein. "You
must see that the law is obeyed If you
have to take a car."
J. P. Martin was cited to appear be
fore the committee next Monday and
explain why he had failed to put a
safety device on his sidewalk elevator
at 607 Market street, where a man's life
was recently crushed out.
The Finance Committee referred to
Expert Williams the complaint of J. G.
Smythe that the Fire Department sta
bles are being extravagantly conducted
and that the cost thereof has increased
50 per cent during the last two years.
Smythe alleges that it requires the ser
vices of a battalion chief, at $175 per
month, and a fireman, detailed as fore
man, at $100 per month, whereas the
work was once done by one O'Connell
for $100 per month.
FIREMEN'S PENSIONS.
Citizen Complains That the
Fire Department Has Al
most Doubled the Cost
STABLE IS EXPENSIVE
Police Officer Suttman was arresting
John Leishmann for exploding bombs
at Twenty-fourth and Castro streets
when A. J. Walsh and two unknown
men attempted to rescue the prisoner
by pelting the policeman with rocks.
Walsh was captured and warrants are
out for the pair of unknowns.
i
James Covington, accused of forgery,
tftid William Young, charged with
petty larceny, will be tried before
Judge Mogan to-morrow. The com
plainant is H. Freeman, residing at 11
Eddy street, who alleges that his name
was signed to an order by Covington
instructing Freeman's landlady, Mrs.
Jane Naughton, to permit the bearer
to obtain a razor from his trunk. The
order was presented by Young, who
was allowed to search the trunk, and
took therefrom a razor and a valuable
Bcarfpin.
Innocente Zeanani was arrested for
passing a fictitious check and when he
was searched at the Central police sta
tion several lottery tickets were found
in one of his pockets, so an additional
charge was booked against him. Judge
Mogan gave him twenty-four hours for
the tickets and will try him next Sat
urday on the check charge. The com
plainant is Louis Locatelli, 814 Mont
gomery street, who alleges that Zean
ani gave him a check for $20, purport
ing to be drawn on the Swiss-Ameri
can Bank by D. Bernard! and indorsed
by J. Madeline, both of which signa
tures were fictitious.
Oscar Ross will be sentenced to-mor
row for failing to provide for his fam
ily, consisting of an invalid wife and
seven helpless children. Instead of
contributing to the support of the
household, he spent for drink all the
money he could beg or steal from his
sick helpmate.
The Insanity Commissioners will ex
amine Alex Hennessey, who was ar
rested Saturday night for deliberately
cutting some ornamental screens in an
O'Farrell-street music hall. When ar
raigned before Judge Mogan the man
turned his back to the bench and be
gan delivering an incoherent address
to the spectators and he did other
things so indicative of lunacy that he
was hurriedly removed. Hennessey is
also known as Frederick Alexander H.
Burton and has been twice, committed
to the State Hospital for Insane. His
wife got divorced from him about a
year ago on the allegation that he
was of unsou: I mind at the time she
was married to him. He Is now con
fined in a cell at the Emergency Hos
pital pending his removal to the'asy
lum from which he was lately released
on the supposition that his reason was
restored.
August Rauch and Charles Rathwell
were riding on a Devisadero-street car,
j when August spat tobacco Juice on
Charles' holiday trousers and was
promptly rebuked. In the ensuing
fight the honors were about even, when
both combatants were arrested. Judge
Mogan discharged Charles and issued
a bench warrant for the arrest of
August, who forfeited his bail by fail
ing to appear for trial.
I F. S. Martin of San Rafael was
asleep in a Kearny-street saloon, when
Henry Brandt robbed him of $80 and
ran away, closely pursued by P. Duffy,
who caught him after a long chase.
Brandt offered to divide the spoils with
Duffy if the latter would attend to his
own business, but the proposal was
spurned and the thief turned over to
a policeman. Judge Mogan will hear
the case next Monday.
George HaveabuttOn and I^ena
Travera were treating a mutual friend
to dinner in a Chinese restaurant at
Jackson street and Bartlett alley, when
George became engaged in an alterca
tion with a waiter over the quality of
the third course, which was scrambled
swine-brains. . Words led to blows
and ere the police arrived on the scene
George had transformed the interior of
the cafe Into a total wreck. He will
be sentenced to-day by Judge Mogan.
"By George, that joke's worth five
dollars of any man's money," exclaimed
the defendant. "Best I've heard since
I came to town last Friday." And his
laugh was loud and lasting.
"Five dollars or five days," said
Judge Mogan.
"If you give me time I'll get the five
dollars," said Graham.
"I'll give you time to get the money
and I'll give you time if you don't get
the money," said the Judge.
Alexander Graham was hurling
anathemas at the Ferry clock, when he
was arrested for disturbing the peace
at Market and East streets. He ac
cuiied the big timepiece of unreliability,
and averred that it was the means of
causing him to miss a river steamboat
on which he Intended to leave the city.
"There's a story behind this case,"
said Joseph A. Carter, charged with
bcttery on Edward Jones, farmer, of
Bradford Island, "but I see you're
rushed and I won't take up time by
telling it."
"Oh, don't mind our rush," cheer
fully responded Judge Mogan. "The
city pays us handsomely for listening
to other people's troubles."
"With your permission I'll hold it
over till to-morrow," suggested the de
fendant, "as it's quite a serious matter."
"Your convenience is my pleasure.
Continued till to-morrow."
Farmer Jones informed the court that
he was battered by Carter because he
diEputed Carter's salary claim.
Judge Conlan dismissed seven per
sons who were arrested for celebrating
the Fourth by discharging firearms
within the city limits, and the bail of
three similar misdemeanants who failed
to app«ar in court was declared for
feited. Fifteen others tried on the
same charge before Judge Mogan were
find $5 apiece and warned to confine
their patriotic powder-burning In the
future to the comparatively innocuous
toy bomb.
"How about that?" asked the Judge.
'•Mus' be anudder case ob mistaken
identerty," murmured the defendant.
"Disremembah havin' ebbah Been dat
yah lady befo'. Howsumdebbah, I'll gib
her de five ef she waits till Friday."
"If you don't return it to her to-mor
row I'll add its worth of imprisonment
to the nice long term I've already fig
ured out for you." said the Judge.
"The best thing you can do, doctor,"
whispered Bailiff Hickey. "is to take
your medicine at once, for the longer
you put it off the heavier the dose Is
sure to become. The woods seem to be
full of people that you've 'conned.' "
The defendant sadly shook his head
as he returned to the prison that has
been his home ever since he obtained
$10 from a credulous French governess
by telling her that he had dreamed of
a winning horse. And that occurred
several weeks ago.
"Dr." Samuel Waltes, colored phren
ologist, chiropodist, manicurist, palm
ist, mind-reader and general occult
scientist, was again called up for sen
tence by Judge Mogan, but as he ap
proached the bench so did another com
plainant with another charge of obtain
ing money by false pretense. Miss Sa
die Johnson, an olive complexioned per
pon, residing at 235 Kearny street, was
the mystic's latest accuser, and when
he saw her ascend the witness stand
his eyes protruded like hat pegs and he
proaned with trepidation. She testified
that after telling her fortune he
5 windled her out of $5 by professing
ability to pick the winning horse of a
race then pending, and that her share
of the income would amount away up
in three figures.
Judge Conlan sentenced Delia Walsh,
an apparently incurable vagrant, to six
months' imprisonment. During the
twelve years she has been known to
the police several futile efforts have
t»een made to reform her. A philan
thropic woman at San Leandro took
her home and treated her more like a
companion than a dependent, but after
several months of respectable living
Delia returned to the city and resumed
her vagabondage. Police Captain Spll
lane, out of sheer sympathy for the
lady whose experiment had failed, tried
to induce Delia to return to the home
that awaited her, but his endeavor
failed.
"Then," said his Honor, "I'll continue
the case two weeks and allow the de
fendant her liberty on probation. If
Fhe is brought before me again on com
plaint of her pa*~ents I will send her to
an institution v. here wayward girls are
kept in restraint."
Eva Powers, 16 years old and pretty,
Ftood before Police Judge Mogan yes
terday and sullenly denied her mother's
accusation of battery, but reluctantly
admitted that she had resisted parental
control without resorting to actual vio
lence. As she pleaded she wept, but
her tears were not prompted by peni
tence, for her answers to the court's
kindly inquiries were both defiant and
Impudent.
Mrs. Powers, who lives at 1215 Valen
cia street, testified that last Friday
evening her daughter and another girl,
Alice Tillotson of Alameda, went to tha
Chutes and there met two young men
vrhom the witness had warned Eva to
avoid. When taxed by her mother with
having systematically deceived her the
girl had struck her on the face. Police
man Dennan took the girl into cus
tody, and her father, who is a shoe
maker, refused to bail her out of pris
on, so she spent the holidays in a cell,
and ithe Incarceration apparently did
not mellow her temper.
In support of her charge that the girl
was disobedient and inclined to way
wardness Mrs. Powers produced a let
ter which she said had been written to
Eva by Mies Tillotson. and the Judge
pronounced the missive sufficient of
Itself to prove the writer a dangerous
companion for any well-meaning young
girl. It was an effusive epistle, ad
dressing Eva repeatedly as "darling
sweetheart" and "dearest honey," com
miserating her on the maternal re
straint that prevented her doing as she
desired and solacing her with the in
formation that in two years she would
be a free agent to act as she likes.
"Only two more years, dearest sweet
heart," wrote the comforter, "and Just
think of the fun and the swell dressing
we will have then."
Not until her father coaxed and
pleaded with her for several minutes
would Eva promise to relinquish com
panionship with the Tillotson girl, and
then the promise was given in a way
that did not -indicate sincerity. The
Judge asked the mother if she wanted
to have the girl sent to the Magdalen
Asylum, and was answered In the nega
tive.
The Assessor also turned over to the
Board of Supervisors the military roll
containing the names of those subject
to military duty.
The estates assessed arbitrarily
which are secured by real estate in
clude those of Jennie A. and Charles
Crocker, minors, $873,885; Miranda W.
Lux, deceased, $100,000, 'and Harry
Floyd Gopcevlc, $2990. The assessment
of J. M. Rowan, incompetent, is not
secured by real estate. It is $5700.
Assessor Dodge submitted his list of
arbitrary assessments upon those per
sons who refused to make sworn state
ments of their personal property.
Among those so assessed is Daniel
Meyer, • who heads the list with
$1,000,000. The others are:
Samuel Davis, $450,000; R. Spreckels, $80,000;
W. H. Crockar, $80,000; George E. Bates, $20,
000; 1. Steinhart, $25,000; Robert Oxnard, $25,
000; Mahoney Brothers, $20,000; W H. Crocker
Mrs. II. C. Alexander, et al., $20,000; Thomas
H. "Williams, $15,000; J. K. Prior. $50,000;
Charles S. Wheeler, $10,000; Sidney V. Smith,
$10,000; J. O. HIrschfelder. $10,000; Sullivan
& Sullivan, $7500; W. J. Dingee, $5000; S. B.
McNear. $5000; Morrison & Cope, $5000; W.
M. Pierson, $5000; A. Ruef, $5000; J. B. Rein
stein, $5000; J. G. Maguire, $2500; D. T.
Murchy. $3000; W. H. H. Hart, $2500; Henry
H. McPike, $2500; E. L. Eyre. $1500; Edward
C. Harrison, $1500; George T. Marye, $1500;
J. P. Young, $1270; Dr. T. F. Brennan. $1000;
E. M. Graney. $1000; R. J. Tobln. $1000; E.
F. Preston. $1000; A. F. Morrison, $5000: T.
C. Van Ness, $2500; C. D. Pierce, $2500; John
A. Wright, $2500; M. Strauss, $1500; J. L.
Tobin, $920; J. M. Troutt. $730; F. P. Deertng,
$780; Fred S. Knight, $750; Horace Guittard,
$000; George D. Collins, $500; D. M.' Delmaa,
$500; J. J. Pwyer. $500; Barclay Henley, $500;
S. M. Shortrldge. $500,' R. B. Wallace, $500.
ARBITRARY ASSESSMENTS.
-The ordinance fixing: the municipal
tax rate for the ensuing fiscal year at
$1 12 on every $100 of assessed valua
tion was finally passed. Of this rate
92.46 cents is for the expenditures of
the city government, 7 cents for the
park and 12.54 cents lor redemption
of and interest on bonds. As the rate
was based on an assessed valuation of
$500,000,000, when in fact it is
$511,000,000, there will be a surplus
of $123,200 collected. Of this amount
$7700 will be added to the park fund
of $350,000; the library fund will se
cure $1650 additional to its $75,000 as
estimated in the budget and the bond
interest and sinking fund will receive
$13,794 in addition to the $628,336 al
ready voted. The remainder of the
surplus, $100,056, cannot be. used dur
ing the present fiscal year, as it was
not apportioned, but must Ue carried
over into the funds of the next year
and then used for municipal • better
ments.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
resolved to sit as a Board^of Equaliza
tion on Tuesday next at 2:30 p. m.
for the purpose of hearing verified ap
plications for the reduction of assess
ments. The assessment books of real
and personal property were returned
by Assessor Dodge, showing ¦ that
the aggregate assessed valuation is
$511,000,000.'
The board adopted a rule that no
tices shall be delivered to persons,
firms and corporations at least twelve
hours prior to the time set for hear
ing their applications for reductions.
It was resolved that all assessments
arbitrarily fixed by the Assessor will
be Increased unless the persons as
sessed nle" with the board a statement
of their personal property. The As
sessor was authorized to add to the
assessment books all property which
may have escaped taxation and also to
make corrections of clerical errors
In the assessments.
possibility of reviewing the assessment 4>t
buildings this year in connection with the
marked Increase made in the assessment of
the land on which they stand. The result fs
that In some instances the total assessment
(the land as raised, plus, the assessment of
the building:) is higher than it should be,
when compared with the actual value of the
property. In these cases,* which, however, are
not great in number, the owner would be
justified In asking and entitled .to receive a
reduction, on the assessment of Improvements.
Land in all Instances is assessed at a uni
form rate I per front foot in each locality, and
unless the entire district * is rated too high,
which in no Instance is the case, in my opin
ion, the assessment on the land should stand.
With a building; it may be different. If an
unimproved lot sells for as much within $10.
000 as an adjoining improved lot with a build
in? thereon, which building may have cost
originally much more, then the value of that
building is not greater than $10,000, and I be
lieve it an Injustice to asses* it for any more,
even though it may have cost years before
$50,000. Through the fact that it is out of
date and not adapted to the requirements of
modern business, its value has depreciated.
In conclusion, I desire to say that it has
ever been my purpose, slnqe occupying the of
fice of Assessor, to prevent an unjust discrim
ination In the taxation of real estate. It will
take a year or two, however, completely to
equalize and adjust the roU on its present
basis. -It is my desire to 'do this work as
speedily as possible, and it is with the view
of inviting the co-operation of property owners
during the present session of the Board of
Equalization that this letter is written.
WASHINGTON DODGE. Assessor.
Supervisors Declare Side
walk Elevators Must Have
; Safety Devices Attached
Supervisors Vote to Sit NextWeek as Board of
Equalization— Tax Rate Fixed at$ I 12—As
sessor Dodge Explains Latest Roll of Values
Admits, However, That She Ignored Parental
Counsel by Keeping Company With Objection
able Young Men and Girl Who Lives in Alameda
WILL ENFORCE
NEW ORDINANCE
SIXTEEN-YEAR-OLD MAIDEN
DENIES ASSAULTING MOTHER
BOARD WILL HEAR PROTESTS
AGAINST NEW ASSESSMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALt, WEDNESDAY, .-¦JULY- 6, 1904.
9
HOUSEHOLD
And
SPORTING SCALES.
A USEFUU PREMIUM
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In keeping: with its usual en-
terprise, THE CALL engaged the
celebrated Peloure Stale Com-
pany of Chicago to manufacture
a special lot of these useful
household and sporting scales
especially for the use of its
"Want Ad/' patrons, and on
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week every one
bringing a Want Advertisement
for insertion in next Sunday's
CALL will receive one of these
useful little premiums. .
These scales sell regularly at
40 cents apiece and cannot be
purchased for less than that
amount, ho our patrons will
readily realize that THE CALL
is not only issuing the best
premiums ever offered by a
newspaper, but Is giving them a
series of userul " articles that
cannot be purchased locally for
three and orten rour times the
actual cost of their little Want
Advertisement. Tills concession
alone should be a big induce-
ment to insert your ad. In this
pupcr, not to mention anything
of the big: returns advertisers
receive from advertisements
placed with THE CALL.
norLnn . ,,,_,_
A Vaudeville Revelation !
Iieig-a Brothers; Gillihaa and Murray;
Greea and Werner; Ines de Wolf;
Valerie Berffere and Company; Galla-
ffher and Barrett; John T. Clark; The
Zarrow Trio, and a Trip Tarouyh
Italy, Shown in Orphenm Motion Pic-
tures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices: 10c, 25c
and DOc.
TlVfil \OPEWK I
I I VV/LI HOUSE.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
Besxle TannehiU
fl fl IF& £% fffe Baron Berthald
&Q 8 I B 11 D Arthur Cunningham
Mi i I 1 M § M John Dunsmure
William Schuster
Prtaaaadt Cir:l», 34 floor. Smokers' Pirtdis*
ELEVATOR ALWAYS RUNNING.
Usual Tlvoli Prices — 25c, 50c. 75c
Seats Always Selling— Only Matinee Sat.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE ORIGINAL NEILL COMPANY
In Clyde Fitch's Patriotic Drama,
BARBARA
FfRIETCHIE
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE— MR. NEILL IN
MR. BARNES OF NEW YORK
Special Summer Prices - 15c, 25c, 50c
Best Reserved Seat In Orchestra. SO centa.
AT f< A 7 AH Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR essss
General Manacer.
• TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK;
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
WHITE ) *MP THE ALCAZAR C0MPAm7|
WHITTLESEY...
• Presenting John Drew's Success,
OINE | H.V. ESMOND'S COMEDY (
summER>s
D A'V | Author ot When We Were Twenty-One
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mats. Thura. & Sat., 25c to 50c.
July 11— WHITE WHITTLESEY In last sea-
son" * Great Success,
HEARTSEASE.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT—ALL WEEK
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Theodore Kramer's Latest and Greatest Sue-
I WEDDED AND PARTED
Stirs the Emotions! Thrills the. Soul!
Fascinates the Mind! Enchains the Interest!
Replete With Realism of Gotham Life. ' ¦
DDlfpC Evenings 10o to 00c
I ftlVLO Matinees.. ...10c. 15c, 23c
Hext— AIiOHO TXS XOEAWK.
rnn * Axussxxam.
This is the last week of
"The Mormons'*
Commencing "With Saturday Night Next
t4 A LUCKY STONE"
A Roaringly Funny Comedy by Collln Daria
and Frank Witmark.
First appearance of Dorothy Morton. Nora
Bayes Rice and Cady (German Comedians),
Bobby North (Hebrew Comedian).
Everything N'ew.Frora Start to Finish.
Matlrees Saturday and: Sunday.
Same Popular Price*. J
Scat Booking
Begins To-Morrow&i'fe 8
Opening- of the New Season .
Next Monday Night, July 11
Charles Frohraan Will Present
ETHEL
BARRY M0 RE
Id Her Greatest Comedy Success,
COUSIN KATE
By Hubert Henry Dairi— . **^-
CALIFORNIA
0 NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
REOPENING for the Itegular S-»»on7\^
The Latest Political Comedy, t]
The Hon. I
John North I
By Herbert Bashford. |j
Presented by L. R. Stockwell and aa IS
All-Star Caat. ||
SEATS NOW SELLING. B
' . ¦
THE TOBINS
And a apltndid Show Ertzr Aft«rnoo»
and Evealasr la the Taeatet
TAKE A RIDE ON TOE
MITTIATXTRB ELECTRIC BAXZJtOAS*
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the PNEUMATIC SYMPHONY ORCHES-
TRION.
AMATXXTB HXOXT TXT7XSDAT.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE "ARGO.-
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
When Paonlnr. A«> for Th« Cant—."
PaiarA D0NT FAIL TO
raiau; 8ee <to-i**ata
j COURT Lounging
/Mil room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r» j PALM ROOM, the
Uniflu LOUIS XV PAR-
\*i uuu LOR^ and ihc LA
U A i rt | rt DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room -
4t% jq n n B9| Outfits, '-iun*. Ammuiu-
1 M ElMij tl0Q - Fishing »nd C*tUn*
III illi £* iioo-U. Tents and O%aa w
aiUIall " cnt - CATALOG JTRXS.
Unilll fi^?.?!*™* 0 *.
IU Keaxnjr it, * » «
A NEW MAPFf I
RICHMOND
Seemed impossible to improve on the old Richmond,
but they've done it.
Turned out a pattern that retains all the perfect
points of the old one and adds innumerable conveniences.
First, every nickel part is detachable ; lifts off. Saves
a lot of work when blacking the stove.
Oven Rake — Draws everything to the front of the
oven without burnt fingers.
Same small fire box and perfect oven. Improved
oven thermometer. Then, best of all, a new Gas At- ||
tachment. x H
Burn coal or gas, or burn both at the same time. J)
You'll pronounce it the most perfect Range you ever ¦
saw m your life. jj
04' fin a week buys it, same |
Hia & /ic hpforp • • • • f» ii
mU$ H "~ ¦ U«9 1/VlV/I S5 • • • • •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
|| This Cap Label If
||| Is a guarantee of the purity IfS
|||l and richness of our l||
11 Brssifii m
a Evaporated M
¦ Dream m
||8 to anyone able to prove mst
DR.P1ERCES
¦ ' j
k FOR THE
[ g3B.OOD,UYER.LUNGS.
T3 O TT O U 13 C F0R barbers, ba-
Ij II I 1 lJ fl Ci ke «"». bootblacks, bath-
"TV7 ,V T^ .Ta . houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, "candy makers, cannera.
dyara, flour mills, foundries, .laundries, paper*
hanpera, printers, painters, sho« factories,
•tablemen.- t«r-rn<if»«m. tanner*, tailors, etc.
: . - BUCHAff AST BEOS.,
Brush asaauiacturcnd '09 Sacraineato St.TURFMAN BIDS
NO FAREWELL
Seattle Race Results.
SEATTLE, July 5.— Results:
First race, six and a half furlonjs, selling —
L.egal Maxim won, Landseer second. Myrtle H
third. Time. 1:29>4.-
Second race, five furlongs — Skip Me won,
John Bogss second, Penzanee third. Time.
1:01*4.
Third race, ""six furlongs — Chief Aloha won.
Red Damsel second. Mountebank third. Time
1:21 U.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, hur
dles — Quedad won. Reazador second Goldcne
third. Time. 2:02ii-
Fifth race, ssven furlongs, selling— Dr. Sher
man won. Iaabellita second. Budd Wade third.
Time. l:2S»i. (Dr. Sherman disqualified for
foul and placed last. Dandy Belle given third
place.)
Sixth race, one mile — Past Master won, Kit
ty Kelly second. The Ladaean third. Time.
l:42!4.
Assessment, entered in the hurdle race, fell
and broke his neck.
NEW YORK, July 5. — At the dis
posal sale of, the Hampton Stable at
Sheepshead Bay to-day Africander,
the champion three^year-old of last
year and winner of $70,000, was sold
to C. Fox for $15,000. The sale of the
Hampton Stables' horses was to dis
solve the partnership between C. F.
Sawyer and S. Diemel.
SALE OF AFRICANDER.
As the indictments were returned
late on Saturday,- after the office of
the clerk of the Criminal Court was
closed, the necessary formality pre
liminary to placing capiases In the
SheriffaF-nands were not conformed
with until to-day. While they were
progressing the indicted men and their
friends assembled about Attorney Fell.
As soon as possible they proceeded to
Judge Chitraux's court, where their
bonds were accepted.
CHICAGO, July 5. — Forty-one al
leged bookmakers, indicted as a result
of the betting at Hawthorne race
track, surrendered themselves at the
Criminal Court building to-day and
gave bonds for their appearance when
wanted for trial. The accused assem
bled in the corridors of the building
long before the papers authorizing
their arrest were In the hands of the
Sheriff's force.
Forty-One Knjjrhts of the Chalk Will
Stand 'Trial hi Chicago.
BOOKMAKERS GIVE BOXDS.
The ruling off of J. Gray, who is a
brother of Jockey Charlie Gray, and
Nat Foster, who is a brother of Fred
Foster, and the suspension of Jockey
Gray are the culmination of^one of the
biggest killings of the year, engineered
by the Fosters at Harlem on June 9.
when Poseur, after being backed from
40 to 1 to 8 to 1, easily won her race.
Not many days before, on June 1,
Po3eur had started at Hawthorne un
der almost identically the same, condi
tions, and, with no money bet on her
by her stable, finished absolutely last,
beaten more than twenty lengths by
Olympian and others. Jockey Gray
rode Poseur on both occasions.
CHICAGO, July 5.— Judge Frances
Trevelyan handed down a decisoin at
Hawthorne to-day, which came as a
thunderbolt, not onhr to those which it
affected, but to turf enthusiasts in gen
eral. ' Judge Trevelyan's ruling is here
with appended:
"Owners of the stable racing as J.
Gray & Co. (James Gray and Nat Fos
ter) and all horses owned by the firm
are ruled off on account of the running
of the four-year-old filly Poseur on
June 1.
"Jockey C. Gray and Fred Foster are
suspended indefinitely pending further
investigation of the case. -,
"FRANCES TREVELYAN, Judge."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sensational Sequel to the
Killing Made on Poseur
on the Ninth of June
JOCKEY. IS SUSPENDED
J. Gray & Company Are
Debarred by a Decision
of the Hawthorne Judges
STABLE RULED
OFF THE TURF
The only two great European capitals
that never have been occupied'.by a
foreign foe are Xiondon and St. Peters
burg.. ¦ , . .'..",,., ' ,¦ ..:'., V^',,
Frank Freitas .and John Ber'tta,
small boys,' were booked at the City
Prison yesterday ; by Policemen Flynn
and Scott on a charge of burglary, and
werelater sent to . the City Hall to be
taken .before the Juvenile Court. -John
Freitas, 736 Green street, father ! of
Frank, says" that -the two boys last
Thursday stole $ 105, which they; found 1
in- a- purse in his house/ and -with the
money purchased two- bicycles and
hid what was left * over.
Boy Steals From Ills . Father.
MRS. HANCOCK ANSWERS.— In the legal
squabble over the possession of the Iroquois
apartment-house, Mrs. Hancock, . the owner of
the property, yesterday answered the suit of
Mrs. Malar, the lessee, denying all of the lat
ter's allegations In the demand for damages
in the sum of $10,000 for interference with the
business. Mrs. Hancock says that Mrs. Malar
has failed to perform the terms of the agree
ment and has not executed the required chattel
mortgage within the specified time.
Chris Stader, superintendent at
Glen Park, on Monday evening saw
three young men entering the theater
on the grounds, where a large quan
tity of liquor and cigars is kept. They
crawled through one of the windows.
He placed them under arrest and! tele
phoned for the police. Policemen Fin
nelly, Smith and O'Neill hurried to the
park, but the prisoners had succeeded
in breaking away from \ Stader and
making their escape before the officers
arrived. Stader was able to give ¦ a
good description of them.
Burglars at Glen Park.
Presiding Judge Graham yesterday
heard and took under advisement the
application of George T. Bellinger for
a writ of habeas corpus to get him
out of jail, where he was sent by
Judge Cabaniss to be held pending the
Grand Jury's action on Ballinger's al
leged embezzlement. After listening
to lengthy argument Judge Graham
announced that he would read the Po
lice Court testimony in the case and
render his judgment Tuesday next.
Ballingcr Seeks Release.
First Race— Reliable, Honiton^
Misins Link. . .
Second Race— Black Death, Ful
minate, Conover. '
Third Race — Tongorder, Bennlng
ton entry, Watts entry.
' Fourth Race— Hermls, Beldame,
Highball. rS;
Fifth Race — Palm Bearer, , Palm
Reader, Glisten.
Sixth Race— Dandelion, Bella Sig
nora, Broadcloth.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, one" and an eighth miles — Palm
bearer 101, Glisten 94. Palm Reader 94, Briar
thorpe 88, Allan 88.
Sixth ra~e, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds — Broadcloth 110. Grand Champion
110. Tommy Waddell 110, Gowanus 110 Knight
of Weston 110, Long Dan 110, Dandelion 110
Pacetti 110, Salt and Pepper 107, Istrla 107,
Bella Signora 107, Dreamer 107.
Fourth race, the Test Handicap, one mile —
Hennis 133. Highball 119, Beldame 115, Dales
man 113, Dolly Spanker 111. High Chancellor
108, Dainty 103, Wild Thyme 98, Damon 97,
Dick Bernard 95, Gold Saint 88
Third race, the Montauk Stakes, six furlongs
— Waterside 117. Tongorder 115, Diamond 115,
Knight of Pearl 115. Buttling 115, Pasadena
110, Perry McAdow 107. Don Royal 107, Haw
trey 107, Bill Bailey II 107. Lindsay Gordon
107. - ,
NEW YORK. July 5. — Entries for Wednes
day:
First race, six furlongs — Auditor 122, Reli
able 138. Queen Elizabeth 113, Jack o' Lantern
113, Honiton 113. Prince Salm Salm 107. Gay
Lizzette 102. Missing Link 97. Liberia 97.
Second race, steeplechase, short course — Con
over 158. Fulminate 154. Black Death 150, Nc
ponset 146, Farmers' Foe 141, Bermuda King
135, Swamplands 135, Trek 133, Lady Golightly
130, Silver Twist 130. Perion 130, Georgia Pine
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
First Race — Van Xcss, Mayor John
son, Patsy Brown.
Second Race^ — Emperor of India,
Telephone, Joe Lesser.
Third Race — Schoolmate, Wilful;
Bondage.
Fourth Race — Action, Tokalon,
Henry Bert.
Fifth Race — Miss Inez, The 31 1st,
Cigar Lighter.
Sixth Race — D. L. Moore, Frank
Mcj Bluemint.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Volla 00. Mar
lln 100, D. L. Moore 100. Lady Belalr 90, Great
Eastern DO. Scotsman 100. Ryevale 87. Faler
nian 95, Bluemint 100. Sic Hugh 105, Frank
Me 102.
Third race — One and an eighth miles, purse —
Port Royal 106, Horatlus lol. .Schoolmate 92,
Bondage 111, Miss Crawford 85. Wltful 106.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Henry Burt 109,
Tokalon 93. Action 107, A. D. Gibson 106.
Fifth race, five furluigs. purse, tWo-year
olde — Ralney B 100, Miss Inez 105. Blue Bird
HU. Raymond K 100, Clgarllghter 103. The
Mist 110, Foxy Grandma 100. Lucky Joe 105,
Allen Avon 105, Jack Lory J04, Lord DIxon
lO'J. Glrdlctone 103. Deshon'103.
CHICAGO. July r».— Entries for Wednesday:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Whoa BUI
106, Peter J. Somers 110, Patsy Brown 98,
Clarion 112, Mayor Johnson' 109, Olympian 112,
Ethel Abbott 96, Jackfull 112, Van Ness 116,
Durbar 101. Jim Hale 100.
Second ra<-«, one mile, selling— Cardinal Wol
sey 107, Telephone 92, Harfang 94, Foresight
97, Woods Perry 91, Emperor of India 100,
Jake Greenberg 103. 'Sweet Tone 94. Joe Lesser
110. Tancred 110.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 5. — Entries for Wednesday:
First race, . six furlongs, veiling — GaJoit 107,
Julius Werner 107, Second Mate 105, Vancleve
104, Vassal Dance 104. Federalist 1C4. How-'
ard P 102, La Cache 102, Catherine Knox 102.
Olea 102, Katie Cromwell 100. Never Smile 100.
Bab 07. Athelrose 95. Marchioness 95.
Second race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Lucy Griffin 108. Wakeful 108, Geneva Lee
108. Leila Hunter 103, Erla Lee 103, Lady Lou
103. Pharmacy 103. Esther Goodrich 88. La
Princess US, Little Florence 98.
Third race, 'one mile, selling — Alice Turner
103. Eleven Bells 102, Preakness 96 Sister
Lillian 95. I-ord Haven 93, Algonquin 85. Sam
Stevens 84, Easter Walters 82. Bush Smith 82.
Fourth raw, six furlongs, handicap— Elastic
126, Commodore 110, Rainland 108, Copperfleld
107. Bugler 100. Mordella 02, R-ed Thistle 8S.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Dave Sommers
.108. Gasllghtcr 105, Echodale 105, Wall 104.
Wolfram 100, Pretension 99, Jerry Hunt 99,
Orient 98. Our Lillie 93. " . -
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Choice 107.
rTArcy 107, Decoration 107, Hazel H 107. Crlm
105, Tickful 104. WorthLngton 104, Howling
Dervish 102, Maggie Felri 102, Nan Dora 102,
Feronla 1(0, Dr. Riley 5»!\
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
First rac<! — La Cache, Second Mate,
Federalist.
Second race — Erla Lee, Leila
Hunter, Wakeful.
Third race — Lord Haven, Alice
Turner, Easter Walters.
Fourth race^ — Commodore, Copper
neld, Elastic.
Fifth race — Our Lillie, Pretension,
Dave Sommers.
Sixth race — Worthington, Howling
Dervish, Choice.
SIX DOUBLE PLAYS
ENLIVEN BALL GAME
Bostonians Bunch Their Hits in One
Inning and Defeat Wash
ington Team.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, July 5. — Boston
bunched their hits in one inning to-day
and defeated Washington. Six double
plays were the features. Attendance,
500. Score:
• R. H. E.
Washington 2 8 2
Boston 6 9 0
Batteries — Townsend and Clark; Winter and
Farrcll.
NEW YORK. July 5.— New York won the
third game of the series from Philadelphia to-
C.ay by heavy batting and because of the bad
fielding of the visitors. Attendance, 4000.
Score: L^",
R. H. E.
New .York 8 9 0
Philadelphia 3 4 4
Batteries— Powell and Klein; Bender and
Powers.
CLEVELAND, July 5.— Cleveland won, an
other slugging match to-day. The batting of
Hickrnan, Lush, Stovall and Sugden and the
fielding of Hill, Hickman. Wallace, Bradley
and Lush were features. Score:
Cleveland 14 19 3
St. Louis * 4 16 2
Batteries— Bernhard and Bemls; Siever, Sug
den and Kahoe. . i
CINCINNATI, July 5.— The St. Louls-Cln
cinnati game was postponed on account of rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. July 5.— In a ten-inning
game to-day the locals interrupted New York's
succession of victories. Singles by Dooin and
Hall won the game. Attendance, 1900. Score: 1
R. H. E.
New York ".. .5 12 1
Philadelphia tt 13 1
Batterles^ — McGinnity. Taylor. Warner and
Bowerman; Duggleby, FVazer. Roth and Dooin.
Umpires — Johnstone and Carpenter.
BOSTON. July 6. — Before to-day's game was
called In the seventh .inning on . account of
rain ' it had grown too dark to handle : the
ball properly. Brooklyn gave a ridiculous ex
hibition of flelding.^Attendance. 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston ......... 7 14 2
Brooklyn 3 4 S
Batteries — WIIUs and Xeedham; Jones and
Bergen. Umpire — Emslie. ¦ " ¦
P1TTSBURG. July 5.— The Pittsburg-Chlcago
game was postponed on account of wet
grounds.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— The Clncinnati-St. Louis
game was postponed on account of rain.
LONDON, July 5.— In the lawn ten
nis contest for the Davis cup singles
at Wimbledon to-day Riseley beat De
Borrjian, 4-6, 6-2, 7-5.. LeMaire re
tired from his "match with H. L.
Doherty. *¦¦
Rlseley W.lnncr at Tennis.
©
o
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, ' July ' 6. — Oakland could
not hit Charles Hall this afternoon,
but on the other hand Seattle took
kindly to Dr. Moskiman and fattened
their batting averages.
The total hits against Moskiman was
nineteen, including three doubles and
a triple. Smith led In the slaughter,
with five hits out of five times at bat
Frisk came next with three.
When Frisk doea not drop the ball
safe he simply drives it through the
lnflelders. He came near tearing
Devereaux's right leg off in -the eighth
inning, but the old red dog stopped
the ball.
Devereaux Is playing a great third
and throwing like a shot. The game
was not Interesting from a fielding
standpoint, as Seattle kept up a steady
battery all the time and runs were
continually crossing . the plate. The
score:
Seattle— f Oakland—
AB.R, H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHn.cf 4 O 2 6 O Ganly.rf 8 112 0
Mhler,2b 4 12 2 3 Frnks.ss 3 0 0 2 2
Dlnty,3b 3 112 0 Krugr.cf 4 0 12 0
Frisk. If B 2 3 1 OSchfly,2b 3 0 0 4 1
Blksp.lb 4 2 2 8 liGrahm.lf S 0 1 1 0
Smith, rf 5 2 5 1 O^Devnc.Sb 3 0 12 2
R. Hall. s 4 112 3 Streib.lb 4 0 18 3
Wilson, c 4 2 2 4 2 Byrnes.c 8 0 0 2 1
Lewis, c. O O O O OJMskmn.p 4 0 0 13
C. Hall.p 30100
¦ Totals. 80 1 5 24 12
Totals. 36 11 19*28 9
•Kruger out on third bunt.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattl* 0 2 1110 5 1 x— 11
Base hits 1 4 2 1 2 0 6 8 x — 19
Oakland 1 OOOOOOO 0 — 1
Base hits 2 0 O 0 0 1 0 0 2 — 6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Seattle «7, Oakland I. Two
base hits— C. Hall. Smith. Van Haltren.
Three-base hit — Delehanty. Sacrifice hits —
Van Haltren Delehanty 2. Blankenship, . R.
Hall. C. Hall. Francka 2. Devereaux. Stolen
bases — Blankenship. Smith. Bases on balls —
Oft C. Hall 6. Struck out— By C. Hall 4, by
Moskiman 1. Wild pitch — Moskiman. Time
of game — 1:47. Umpire — O'Connell.
"I will box either Jimmy Britt or
Young Corbett for $10,000 a side In ad
dition to a club purse."
Tea above declaration was made by
Eddie Hanlon last night and to
show that be means business he is
ready to put up a forfeit of $1000 at
once to bind a match. Of course Han
ion realizes that his challenge will not
receive serious consideration unless he
Ettoceeds in defeating Battling Nelson
wfc«a they meet on the 29th of this
month and he will take no steps to
force matters until after that event Is
decided.
Hanloa is confident of beating Nel
¦on, however, and if he should suc
ceed he will at once begin negojlations
tor a match with the winner of the
Brttt-Corbett bout.
Kanlon has met Young Corbett twice.
The first time it was thought by many
that he should have had the decision;
the second time Eddie wae defeated by
the then champion lightweight. If
Young Corbett should beat Britt a third
contest with Hanlon would park the
Pavilion. If Britt should defeat Cor
bett and then consent to meet Hanlon
the interest in the contest would be
even greater, as both are native sons
and each has a large following In this
city.
Hanlon and his brother Dan returned
from the East the other day after a
four fnonths' stay. While he was away
Eddie won three fights and fought one
draw. He will go to Croll's Gardens
next Monday to begin active training
for his fight with Nelson. Nelson is
already training at Larkspur.
Articles were signed last night at Sol
Levinson's for a match between Dave
Barry and Harry Foley at the Century
Club, Los Angeles. The fight is to take
place on July 29. Each of the men
have posted 5200 as forfeit. Foley leaves
Thursday for his training quarters.
They will be located either at Santa
Monica or Long Beach.
PREPARING THE GROUNDS
1X>R BATTLE EXERCISES
HASTINGS' GOOD WORK.
Pitches Winning Ball at Portland, but
Receives Poor Support."
PORTLAND, Or., July 6. — Ira Hast
ings, the Browns' new twirler, made his
appearance for the first time to-day.
He pitched winning ball and with any
sort of support should have won his
game. As it was the Loo Loo's had
the big end of the 5 to 2 score. Beck,
Castro and Steelman made errors that
counted for runs each time. Hastings
seemed to realize that the poor work
was not intentional, for he kept his
head and allowed the visitors but six
scattering hits*.
The Angels scored twice in the sec
ond inning on two single and two
errors. In the next inning a two
bagger and an error counted two more
for them. The fifth tally was made in
the sixth on a single and an error.
Hall-was touched up for ten singles,
but it was not until the eighth that
the Browns combined their efforts.
With two out, Beck, Raymond, Castro
and Francis lined out singles. Two
runs were scored before Steelman
forced Francis at second. The score:
Portland — I Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Xadau.lf B 0 0 1 OToman.s. 4 10 2 6
McCde.rf 5 0 0 3 0 Brshr.lb 4 119 0
Drnan.cf 3 0 2 2 0;Smlth.3b 4 0 12 2
Beck.lb.. 4 1 2 10 ljBernrd.cf 4 2 3 2 0
Rymd.3b 4 12 3 0 Cravth.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Ca»tro.2b 4 0 2 3 4'Chase.2b 4 116 1
Francis.s 4 0 2 13 Ros<s,lf.. 4 0 0 2 0
Steelmn.c 3 0 0 4 1 Spies.c. 4 0 0 2 0
Hstlnge.p 4 0 0 O 3 Hall.p... 4 0 0 0 2
Totals. 3« 2 10 27 12 Totals. 31 5 6 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 00 0 0 0 0 2 0— 2
Base nits 2101.0 204 0—10
Los Angeles 02200100 0 G
Base hits 0 2.1 00 1.2 0 0 — 6
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Portland 2. Stolen base — Cas
tro. Bases on balls — Off Hastings 3, off Hall 2
Struck out— By Hastings 3, by Hall 2. Two
base-hit—Bernard. Double play— Hall to To
man to Brashear. Left on bases — Portland 7,
Lo« Angeles 4. Hit by pitched ball — By Hast
ings 1. Tima of game — One hour and fifty
minutes. First bare on errors — Loa Angelee 1.
Attendance — 1200. Umpire — Brown.
Goneral MacArthur and His Subordi
nates Arrange for Great Camp
at Henry Ranch.
Preparations are beginning in great
earnest for the battle exercises to coin
mence on August 13 at the Henry
ranch. Captain J. R. Lindsay, quar
termaster of the Thirteenth Infantry,
has been assigned to temporary duty
at the ranch. He left the Presidio yes
terday morning for the camping
ground. George TV. Ruthers of the
commissary department has been or
dered to proceed to both Atascadero
and Asuncion in order to arrange for
the establishment of a commissary
depot.
In the meantime a corps of engi
neers Is at the camp, laving out a sys
tem of piping to provide the big sup
ply of water that Trill be needed for
the comfort of the 6000 troops that
are to take part in the maneuvers.
The question of telegraphic com
munication between the headquarters
of the commanding officer at the
camp and the general headquarters in
the Phelan building, this city, was dis
cussed at length yesterday by General
MacArthur and the owner of the
ranch. The nearest . station now is
Templeton, six miles distant from the
proposed headquarters of the camp.
It is, however, proposed to arrange a
tuvKon at Asuncion, which is only two
miles distant, and from there bring a
direct line into camp.
The Third Squadron. Ninth Cavalry,
and the field artillery, which are to
participate In the maneuvers, will
leave the Presidio at 9:30 o'clock this
morning for the scene of action.
Companies- A, E, K and M of the
Thirteenth Infantry, which have been
practicing at the Rodeo rifle range,
will return to their respective posts
en Thursday.
Major Charles St J. Chubb, Fif
teenth Infantry, registered yesterday
at headquarters.
Major John Stafford, Twentieth In
fantry, from Fort Jay. N. T., called on
General MacArthur yesterday. He is
flaying at the Plymouth.
Major L«vi F. Burnett, retired,
called yesterday at headquarters. He
I* staying at the Hotel Metropole,
Oakland.
Accused of Grand Larceny.
Mrs. Grace Somerset, wife of a sa
scipog-keeper at Pine and Dupont
Etr*e<£s, was arrested yesterday by Po
licerrmn Evatt and O'Connor and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. John Pero, a marble
Bculptor, alleges that he went into
Somerset's saloon on Sunday night and
dr.iti| some wine. He says he was
dozing on a chair when the defendant,
who is a ¦waitress there, took $105 out
of his trousers pockets. The woman
was released on 5200 cash bail. The
arresting officers say that she .ad
mitted taking out the money, but at
Pcro's request. She declared he spent
!t all ¦with the exception of $40, -which
he must have dropped elsewhere.
THOMAS' FDfE PITCHING.
Francisco.
Tacoma Twirler Brings Defeat to San
TACOMA. Wash., July 5. — Tacoma
took another game from the San Fran
ciscos by bunching hits. Thomas
pitched a fine game. He was. entitled
to a shutout but for Hildebrand's score
on a hit by Meany, which would have
been an out but for an error of Judg
ment. Score} < ;••
Tacom*— Ban Francisco—
ABR. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf 4 12 3 0 Wldrji.cf 4 0 16 0
Shehn.3b 4 0 1 2 2 Hlbnd.lf 2 110 0
Nrdke.lb 3 0 0 10 1 Meany. rf 4 0 110
Eagan.ss 4 0 10 2 Irwln,3b 4 0 0 11
Lynch.cf 4 11 O O Andsn.es 4 O 0 1 2
Casey.2b 2 10 4 0 Miller,2b 4 0 8 2 8
McLln.lf 1 0 1 S 0 Reitz, lb 4 0 1 9 o
Grahm,c 4 114 2 Gorton, c 4 0 0 4 2
Thmu.p 3 0 111 Whaln.p 8 0 0 1 4
Totals. 23 4 8 27 14 Totals. 33 1 "7 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 O O 1 0 0 0 1
Base hits 0 0 0 0 1 2 2 1 1 7
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 x— 4
Base hits 2 0 0 110 8 1 z— 8
SUMMARY.
! Struck out— By Thomas 4. by Whalen 4.
Bases on balls— Off Thomas 1, off Whalen 4.
Hit by pitcher — Lynch. Stolen bases — Lynch,
Casey. McLaughlin. Hildebrand. Two-base
hits — Sheehan, McLaughlin. Miller. Waldron.
Sacrifice hits — McLaughlin 2, Hildebrand.
Double play — Whalen to Rcitz. Left on bases
— Tacoma 7, San Francisco 6. . Time 1:55.
Umpires — McCarthy and McDonald. '
American Cricket Team Wins.
LONDON, July 5. — The cricket
match begun yesterday between th,e
visiting Haverford (Pennj players
and the Marlborough College resulted
In a victory for the Americans to-day
by 118 runs in the two days' play.
Canadian Sculler Beats Wells.
.HENLEY, July 5.— L. A. Scholes,
the Canadian sculler, won' his first
heat for the diamond sculls to-day,
defeating S. R. Wells of the Bedford
Rowing Club. . Scholes won by four
lengths. . Time, 9 min. 32 sees.
Browns' New Pitcher Holds
-His Own, but Poor Field
ing Gives Game to Angels
If He Beats Nelson Eddie
Will at Once Begin Nego
tiations for Big Match
TO CHALLENGE WINNER
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Ivan the Ter.. 108 (Hnry) 5 2 14 1 nk
2 to 1— Florentine. 108 (Helgsn) 13 3 2 Vi
9 to 10— La Londe, 115 (Otis) 2 11^32
Time. 1:08 1-5. Start good. Wort driving.
Winner, W. W. Darden & Co.'b ch. ¦ c. by
Pirate of Penzance-Kate Pelletier. Green
Gown 105, Michael Byrnes 1Q8, Allen Avon
105, Tartan 110, Lady. : Goodrich '108, finished
as named.
F1FTU RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and ujJward; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jock-y. St. »I Fin.
7 to 1— Celebration, 107 (Felcht). 3 l'h 12
2 to 1— Don't Ask Me.105 (Lrnce) 8 2 1^42 1
18 to 5— Hand. Cross. 109 (Olphnt) 6 4 2 3 4
Time. 1 :46 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. Robertson's ch. c. (4) by Clear the
Way-Jubilation. King's Court 104. Hudson
102. Emma A. M. 102, Albany Girl 100. Sock
dolenger 110, Pearl" Diver 105, finished aa
named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year
olds and upward; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
5 to 1— Flying ShIp,105 (Oliphnt) 2 1 1-^1 2>A
12 to 1— Walnamoinen, 107 (Hofir) 4 B 1 ' 2 lft
2 to 1 — Skillful. 110 (Helgeson).. 131 3 3
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Clay Bros.' b. f. (4) by Flying Dutch
man-Phalia. The Lady 107. A. D. Gibson 109,
Sylvia Talbot 105, Ahola 109, Ethel Wheat 107,
flnishe* as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Blrchbroom, 111 (Helgsn) 2 2 3 14
6 to 1— Crestfallen, 112 (Kelly) . . 1 11^2 2
15 to 1— Bummer IL 107 (Morrison) 3 4 1^3 1
Time, 1:45 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, S. W. Street's b. f. (4) by Ben Brush-
Maid of Dorset. Glassful 108, Federal 104,
Mezzo 100. Bill Massie 104, Louisville 102, Nl
trat* 118. Orfeo 110, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course;
three-year-olds and "up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Creolin, 138 (McHugh) 1 1 1^11
5 to 2— Handvice. 149 (Boyle) .... 4 2^22
9 to 5— Schwarzwald, 126 (Grntld) 2 3 2 3 n
Time. < 2:47 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. c. (4) by Riley-Mtss
Bowling. Donaml 135. Falella 140, finished
as named. Miss Brandon 130, pulled up.
CHICAGO, July 5.— This was the last
day of the summer meeting at Haw
thorne, and a fairly good card was of
fered, wijth few* scratches, but no par
ticular feature. The track was fast and
the weather cloudy and threatening,
while the attendance was good.
Creolin and Sohwarzwald, coupled as
the Corrigan entry, and held favorites
at 9 to 5, backed from 2 to 1, ran one,
three in the steeplechase, which was
probably the best race of the afternoon.
Handvice, backed from 7 to 1 to 9 to 2,
split the pair at , the finish, when it
looked as if Uhe entry would run first
and second. / , .
Creolin, who has won two straight
races over the Jumps, proved easily
best. He led all the way, after Miss
Brandon retired, and after taking the
final obstacle finished under a stout
pull, just as he had done in his pre
vious effort.
Not a favorite outside of the Jump-
Ing race won and the bookies made a
big clean-up. Results:
FIRST RACE— six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse : ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Dragoon, 109 (Larsen). .. .13 1%1 n.
3 to 2— Brand New', 119 (Landry) 2 4 4 2 6
3 to 1— Freeslas. 117. (Otis) 7 61%31
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, R. A. Smith's br g. by Artillery- Prince
Noretta. My Alice. 107, Ayr 109, Seven Oaks
107, Away Right 117, Maud Moser 107, Larna
107, finished as named
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HASTINGS SHOWS WELL
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Bess McCarthy. 100 (Stovl) 7 2 8 15
6 to 1— Canyon, 105 (Young) 6 14 2 6
4 to 1— Lubln, 104 (McMullen)...i 5 -9 3 3 10
Time, l:60Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. Kiley's b. m. (5) by Chorlster-Cit
ronella. Strader 103. Handspinner 100, Sar
dian 103, Pettijohn 105, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1— Stand Pat, 103 (Fischer). 2 13 13
5 to 1— Ancke. 101 (Anderson)... 4 32 26
10 to 1— Col. Balntyne. 110 (Trxlr) 6 4 6 3 3
Time, 1:31. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. R. Lawrence's b. g. (4) by Luke Black
burn-Vestige. Sol Smith 97, • Imboden 101.
Glennevls 106, Folies Bergeres 09, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 5— Zlnda, 103 (D. Austin)... 1 1 3 1 <4
Ito2 — Broomhandle, 115 (Dale). 5 25 2 8
60 to 1— Lucky Charm, 95 (Davis). 4 3 3 3 5-
T1rw>; 1:11. Start poor. Won driving. Wlni
ner, T. P. Hayee' br. f. (2) by Woodthorpe-
Ella F. Laurel L 90, Milton Young 106. fin
ished as named. .' - .
¦ THIRD RACE — Three-year-olds and up; six
furlon-s: • •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Jake Weber, 106 (Foley). . .2 4!»1H
5 to 2— Bensonhurst, 104(W. Fisher)6 2 4 2 1#
7 to 1— Dr. Kier. 107 (Neely). 8 81 3 1
Time. 1:18. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. F. Fogg & Go's. b. g. (7) by Kingston-
Carmenclta, Aecot 100, Yellow Hammer 98,
Muscovolr 95, Santa Ventura 99, February Blue
97, The Hebrew 95, Tenny Belle 99, finished
as named. •
SECOND RACE — Three-year-olds and up
ward; one and one-sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
I.to2 — Athena, 100 (W. Davis). . .4 14 13
4 to 1 — Miss Betty, 99 (D. Austin). 3 2 8 2n
8 to 1— Brooklyn, 103 (W. Watson) ?5 4 3 3 15
¦ Time, 1:54%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's br. f. (3) by Hallna-
Jessie Lee B. Mildred L 99, Lemon Girl 94,
finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, July 5., — Broomhandle,
the half brother to the famous Broom
stick, met defeat again in a "hard luck"
rare here this afternoon. Broomhandle
was off last and ran around his field
in pursuit of* Zinda, but was^ sadly
messed about in the heavy going and
lost through bad management., The
race was a try-out for junior cham
pionship ellgibles. Results:
FIRST RACE — Two-year-olds; four and a
half furlongs :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1— Little Harry.08 (W.Fisher)l 12 18
3 to 1— Preventative, 103 (W.Wat)3 2 2 2 h
5 to 1— Covina, 98 (H. Anderson).. 7 4 n 4 %
Time. :58. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. W. Schorr' <j blk. c. by Lieber Karl-Mar
guerite A. Anadarco 104. Cassteanna 100,
Paddy Freighter 101, Bavarian 95, Walter
Candy 98, Dresden 100, Fred Priesmeyer 98. Sir
Walter Rollins 107, Trouvere 103, finished as
named. - - ' * '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Rosetlnt, 115 (Burns) 2 3 2 1 1'4
6 to 1— New York, 111 (Odom)... 3 12 2 2
8 to 1— Stlllcho, 104 (Redfern)... 6 6 10 3 n
Time, 1:47. Start fair. Won cleverly. Win
ner, John Boden's ch. f. by Hastings — Lady
Rosemary. Illyria, Gold Dome, Hortensla,
Philippine finished as named.
Time, 1:52 8-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. c. by * Deceiver-
Brune. Garnish, Latheron. Ethics, Reveille,
Aurumaster, Requiter, Dimple, Allan, Stone
wall, Sir Roche finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling; for three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin.
7 to 2 — Bobadil. 00 (Sperling)... 5 11 In
4 to 1 — Possession, 09 (Hldbrnd) 1 2 2 2 5
40 to 1 — Himself. 105 (O'Conner). 6 3 1 3 5
Time. 2:47 3-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. J. A. Drake's ch. c. by King Eric-
Tea's Over. St. Valentine, Ostrich finished
as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and five-eighth miles;
the Lawrence Realization for three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. « Fin.
3 to 10— Ort Wells, 126 (O'Xeil) 13 11^
9 to 1— Mercury, 113 (Hldbrnd) 2 4 2 2 3^4
15 to 1— Graztallo, 122 (Martin). 4 5 3 JO
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Double
Event of $20,000; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 11 Fin.
6 to 1— Veto. 112 (Redfern) 2 2 2tfl 2
15 to 20— Blandy, 122 (H. Phillips). 5 4 1 2 %t,
20to 1 — Councilman, 122 (HIU0...1 12 3 3»4
Time. 1:14. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, J. R. Keene's br. g. by Ben Brush-Pro
hibition II. Sparkling Star, Song and Wine
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
handicap; three-year-olds and up: ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jock«y. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Mineola, 103 (Hildebrand)..3 SfJlW
7 to 1— Ancestor, 100 (Cormack)...* 11 2n
8 to 1— Kohinoor, 103 (Redfern)...6 4 1 3 2#
Time, 1:18 2-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. H. B. Duryea'e ch. f. by Meddler-
Hurlyburly. Grey Friar, Graceful, Monte
Carlo. Stalwart. Witchcraft, Schoharie, Gay
Boy, Stampine Ground, Toi San, Arcade fin
ished as named.
BHEKPSHEAD BAY, July 5.— What
many consider the greatest race meet
ing ever held at the course of the
Coney Island Jockey Club was brought
to a close to-day with two valuable
stakes and four other events or attrac
tions.
John A. Drake's three-year-old colt
Ort Wells fulfilled the expectations of
his owner and the great body of racing
experts by winning the valuable Law
rence, Realization stake, worth to the
winner $21,445, and placing Drake at the
head of the list of winning owners at
this meeting,* there being to his credit
in the books <ff the Coney Island Jockey
Club the sum of $57,265, which is largely
the earnings of the one colt, Ort Wells.
Song and Wine, by his frequent vic
tories this year against ordinary colts
and fillies, had incurred the limit of
penalty and had up 129 pounds in the
second part of the Double Event. His
stable companion, Blandy, had 122
pounds. The same weights were carried
by Councilman and Sparkling Star.
James R. Keene's Veto was entitled to
a maiden allowance of seven pounds
and this Is what won the race for him.
H. B. Duryea's three-year-old filly,
Mineola, by Meddler-Hurlyburly, now
holds the best record at six and a half
furlongs, defeating a large field in the
second race in 1:18 2-5. The former
best record, 1:18 3-5 was Jointly held by
Jane Holly and Ancestor. The latter
filly was beaten by a small margin by
Mineola to-day. Results:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Belling, two-year-olda:
'Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
15 to 1— Jerry C, 102 (I*. 0'Connor)3 2 h 12
"to 2 — Tramotor. 109 (Redfern)..l 11 2h
12 to 1 — Gray Lad, 103 (J. Martin). 6 6 h 3 >{,
Time. 1:07 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
\\ inner. W. C. Daly's b. c. by Resplendent
illDrook. Jack McKeon, Bulwark, Invader,
Pink Garter. Ike S, Idle- Hour, Martha Gor
man. Legatee, Argos, Thirty-Third finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Little Boxer Stands Ready
to Wager $10,000 He Can
Defeat Britt or Corbett
On the Other Hand Doctor
<Moskinian Is Lambasted
for Total of Nineteen Hits
Mineola Breaks the World's
Six and a Half Furlong
Eecord.
Poor Send-Off '.Results in
Another Defeat for
Broomhandle.
Steeplechase at Hawthorne
Is Won by Creolin Un
der a Pull.
HANLON 'S MONET
BACKS OPINION
OAKLAND FAILS
TO FIND HALL
SPEEDY ORT WELLS A CLEVER WINNER
OF THE LAWRENCE REALIZATION STAKE
EDDIE HANLON WILLING TO BOX BRITT OR CORBETT FOR $10,000-A SIDE
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL), WEDNESDAY, JULY 0, 1904.
It Is hardly the proper spirit for th«
man with an automobile to see fast
how far he can stretch the law without
breaking it.
EL PASO, Tex., July 5.— County
Auditor Murphy of Santa Clara Coun
ty, Cal., is now en route to California
in charge of Deputy Sheriff Molina to
face a charge of embezzling the funds
of the county. Murphy disappeared
from San Jose some time ago and came
to this city. He did not tarry Ions
here, however, and went to Mexico,
stopping at Jimulco. The California
officers located him and prepared to
extradite him. Murphy, learning of
this, voluntarily came up to Juarez,
where, through his- wife, who is resid
ing In this city, he put himself In com
munication with the officers at Saa
Jose with a view to settling the mat*
ter up. ;
Deputy Sheriff Molina received a tel
egram from the Sheriff at San Jose t*
bring Murphy back If he would agres
to come without requisition- Murphy;
consented and the trip home with th«
officer is the result. i w
Former Santa Clara County Auditor
Is Returning to, San Jose to Face
Embezzlement Charge.
SAVES STATE TROUBLE
BY GIVING HIMSELF UP
Attorney Leon Samuels, for Mrs.
Layngr, filed the attachment on th»
Third street property and a deputy?
sheriff visited the place during the af
ternoon. Mrs. Layng explained thaS
the action is not with hostile intent,
being in no way caused by any domes*
tic disagreement and she insists that
life with her husband has always been
happy. Why he left her without a word
on Saturday she does not know. In
quiry has failed to reveal his destina
tion and while she does not fear deser
tion she is apprehensive of injury t0
his property interests during his ab
sence. Samuels says that, in the event
of other creditors pressing claims, Mrs.
Layng desires to be heard. She has
money invested in the business ani
wants to realize from It. Another rea
son for securing the attachment is that
the business may go on without inter*
ruption from outside sources until
something is heard of the missing man.
In discussing the matter, with her at
torney, Mrs. Layng says that she has
not the slightest idea where her hus
band is. She says that he had always
been extremely kind to her and gava
no hint of any sort that he was about
to decamp.
Layng is well known in this
city and has been here for a number
of years. He has been heavily inter
ested in turf affairs and has owned
several famous horses. At one time h«
was connected with the Breeder and
Sportsman, a turf publication. In an
editorial capacity. The Occidental
Horse Exchange, of which he Is now
proprietor, is considered a valuable
piece of property and has been the
scene of many horse auction sales
within the last few years.
William G. Layng. a well-known turf
man and proprietor of the Occidental
Horse Exchange, at 246 Third street,
mysteriously disappeared on Saturday
and yesterday his wife placed a $10,000
attachment on his property to secure
her interests In the concern. "Where
Layng went is a matter of conjecture.
His domestic affairs are reported har
monious, his business in a fair vMy and
he had no trouble, so far as is known,
that would cause him to desert the city,
in the manner that he did.
Mrs. Layng Will Protect Her
Interest in Property Un
til Missing Man Beturns
ATTACHMENT IS ISSUED
William G. Layng Deserts
City in a Mysterious
Manner Last Saturday
10
3Iary .Magdalene. Will be given
-you with the next Sunday's
CALL.
HER HAIR IS RED.
That Is the Color That Titian
Loved.
De Maupassant said that red
hair indicated temperament,
black hair vitality, blonde hair
complaisance, brown hair medi-
ocrity. Hcnner's pictures; of
women xhow his love for red
li;ilr. It {.«. ,-, convention among
painters to give red hair to
THE GRASS WIDOW.
If you fail to get a single one
of these beautiful -and novel
Brysons you will be sorry.
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's greatest painters,
which, at ; great cost of time,
trouble and money, the
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Has bought for its readers.
Next Sunday. It Is one of
A STRIKING SERIES
RRYSON PAINTED HErT
In a typical moment. His por-
trait in oils is so charminjr, his
color scheme so original and
harmonious that every one will
frame the copy we will Rive x '
— FREE — — FREE—
THE- GRASS WIDOW,
ADVEaTTSTnrprfjTs.
0000©0000000©OOOOOPOO©000000000©©OOOOOOOOCOOO
j MEN, COME TO ME!f
• If you don't feol rl*M I if
q >*"¦" V can cur* you with ray alee- < i
A J^" - *"^ 1^. \0% \ trtc Belt. If y»u ara weak. Ilk
2 /^^-ifSJvJV .r^ \' can make yeu stronr- If you *{
q / 4%>2 ' \ tre fuU of *h« umatlc P»*n«. \ Z
9 PSa» \ V \ limber th«n up. I ha'va ©
9 \3"*s_# *+*¦ \\\ often said, that pain and Q
O fl V V r \ \ electricity can't llva In the Q
0 *(JM* ViV S \ t \ ¦ a me house, and I prove It O
O WSSffS V J Mr - Gwx M - Cartla. unng. %
A fialsRS^'^** *a^ «ton, Cal., write*: I tuSered JT
5 HSBht^ "• • ' -^r with chrcn!c lam* back for ™
• tSSHif , \ \_ *"^=i^*=- ¦-^"^^ y»ar?. I am pleased to lay that ©
© GSBi V V ¦ after thrre months' use of your ©
O R&far I » S " i / til/T^fMtW B * tt l " m completely cured and A
t% lisr AV 2 / 4S&J :Btn£53r •• wel1 * s I ever was. jj?
A Wr Vw T JEsS^'mSBr If It wtrt sot for tat vr«. 2
© « A ill -s \ £% W £««•*«• t»tt««watm««- Z
© wl. TH8eaB§ffirta*«g zMmtsw £ #u ., fr *i d *** «*• tt~ ©
2 nntU you know It. ©
• . One thins every man ought to know la thl«; four body Is a raaehlna •
© It is ran by the steam In your blood and nerves. When you b-gin to break ©
O down In any way you are out of steam. That's just- what I want to rlva ©
© you back. _ ©
Q Mr. John O'Brien, 1453 Fifth «L. Oakland. Cal., writer X roffwe* Intratlj from •
q very severe lumbago. Plasters and medicine afforded no relief. Aftar uslaz yaar A
Belt for nine days my pains' wers gone and I have been f<-e« from suffering evtr ilnc*! ft
A X fcave a cure in every to wa. Tell me wSera you lire and I'll rtrm — - a
X the name of a man I've cured- i' ¦"" Ttm •
Z Tell me your trouble and I'll tell you honestly whether I can cure ron
5f or not. If I can't ci-re you. I don't want yourmoney. I have been In thl« 2
g business twenty-two years, and am the bl«rsest man In It to-day by lon» ©
• odds, and I am growing yet. because I give every man all he pays for •
• Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-glvtn g appliance while you sleen •
© every night and feel Its glowing warmth pouring Into you. and feel your •
© self taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to dog your A
Q intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely. Try me. Z
A Mr. James Cuyler. Reno, Xev.. writes: I have used your Electric Belt and r«n m
a truthfully say that it has cured me of what was supposed to be a houeie«» »» J* i
J l*«n« back. I am now la perfect health and the credit Is due to your treatment •
2 " • If you will come and see me I'll explain to you. If you can't call" i«»
% me send my book, full of the things a man finds Inspiring t« strength' and •
• •courage. Free if you send this ad. ' »» » B * wengtn and
| dr. mi. c. Mclaughlin, - smsLSm"^ •
V Office Hours— 8 a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 t« 1. ©
©©ooe©wO<i©ooooopc©ooo*©oooooooooooooocoooooootr.-.fi 6tatP» Coart and G*odVtlc Sur*-ey —
Tlm#ahd Height of High aod Low Waters
•t* Ftort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Hay. Publi'tird fcy official authority of the
HupMintendent.
? NOTE — Th* high and low waters occur at
the oity front <Mlsricn-Ftre«t wharf) about 25
xninutt-s lat<"r than at Fort Point; the height
cf tide is the same at bcj.h places. •• -»;•*.
" - WEDNESDAT. JULY 6. ~
Fan rfsea 4:53
,f=un sets '. .7:35
Moon rises • ' 0:00 a. m.
t ITlmel • ITimel ITimel mmef
g. ! jFt.1 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft.
c. !H w|. JL W| . . |H Wj JL W\ .
'c ! 5t<3! 3.«ill:12! 1.9! 6:C2 5~2( f.....
JU Wt |HW !L W !H W •
.7 I 0:4^ I.C! 7:00j 3.4112:05 2.21 6:44| 8.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early - morning tide* are given In • the left
hand column and the ' successive Udes of 'the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
1 purth time column gives the Ia*t tide x>t the'
<ay. «xc#pt when there are but three tides, a«
• ¦ •¦'•¦::v.'t- occurc. The heights glveti are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charta. except when a minus < — )
«:tn precedes the height, and then the number
Clients subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference Is the mean
cf the lower low water*.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic of flee, U. 6. ti.. Mer
chants' Exchange. Han Francisco, Cal.,
July 5.. 100*. . _ . _, s .-.-._
Th« Time Ball on th* tower of. the Ferry
¦fcuilding was dropp«4 exactly at noon to-day—
t ».. it riC-on of.tbe I2Oth meridian, or at 8
p. in., Greenwich time. J, P. BURNETT..
" Uiwmnt. C. S. N., In cbarra,
Abe Mp'ti. as he i« rated on the -passenger
list of the steamer Umatilla, now plowing the
Pacific Seattle bound, had the rare distinction
of. being claimed as husband by two women.
The contention waxed noisy and warm
a Solomon ¦ appeared In the person of Police
Sergeant Tom Mahoney. He gently and con-
Tinclnglf persuaded ona of the Mrs. Abe Motts
to stay on the wharf and permit the other
Mrs." Mott to depart In peace and wltb Abe.
Mott and the woman he stated was his wife
were In their stateroom on the cteamer when tile
other woman appeared and Insisted on taking
her place. Both women debated their claim*
till the ehlp officer*. In despair of cutting the
domestic .knot of the much married Motu,
called the pollca aboard.- They removed one
of the claim ante, and the vessel called. The
Mrs.* Mo^t who was left explained that «h»
and Mott were married In New York and that
h« had run through with $5000 she had placed
In his. hands for Investment. He came to this
coast and when sha' had succeeded in locating
bjjn btrc be «°at married to another woman.
Claimed by Two Women*
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. July 5.
US stmr Vlcksburg. Nairo. — dayg from
Bremerton. Mare Island direct. <
Btmr Queen. Cousins. 57 houra from Victoria.
Stmr ¦ Pomo. Jacobs. 12 houra from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Jannsen, 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, 65 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south:- called In to land
paseengrrs.
Sunr Newburg, Anflndsen. 64 houra ¦ from
Aberdeen. -
Stmr James 8 Hlggtns. Hlgglns, 45 houra
from San Pedro. -
Btmr Sequoia. McClcmenta, 73 hours from
Wlllapa Harbor.'
. Stmr Maggie. Corning. 8% hours from Hair
moon Bay.
Strar Shasta. Hansen. 80 hours from Bel-
Ungham, bound for, San Pedro; put In to land
passengers. ¦
Stmr Centennial. Strand, 70 hours from Se
attle. „
8chr Loul«. Barron. 7 days from ColuVnbia
Bchr .Mary C, Campbell. 10 hours from> Bo
dega. . CLEARED.
Tuesday.- July 5.
• Stmr Columbia, Doran. Portland and Asto- i
rta; Oregon R R & N«v Co. I
Shipping Intelligence.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
HAMBURG — Arrived July 3 — Stmr Blucher.
from New Yqrk. via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
BREMEN — Arrived July 4 — Stmr Kronprim
Wilhelm, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 5 — Stmr Oce
anic, from New*- York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. - -
CHRISTIANIA— Sailed July 1— Stmr Oscar
II. for New York.
NAPLES — Sailed July 2— Stmr Patria, for
New York.
Arrived July 2— Stmr Neapolitan' Prince, fm
New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 5— Stmr Dordam,
for Rotterdam; stmr Grosser Kurfurst, for
Bremen; stmr Lombard la, for Genoa and
Naples.
•'Arrived July 5 — Stmr Slatendam. from Rot
terdam; stmr Kaiser WUhelm II, from Bremen.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 5— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York. . . .
LONDON— Arrived July 5— Etmr Mesaba,
from New York; stmr Kingstonla. from Boston.
Arrived July 3— Stmr Ventura, hence June 16.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 4— Br stmr Pins
Suey, from Tacoma; Ger etmr Mera, hence
Feb 14.
Called July 3 — Spanish Btmr Montserrat. for
Manila.
HONGKONG— Arrived July S^-Br stmr Sikh,
from Manila.
— OCEAN STEAMERS.
SYDNEY— Arrived July 2— Br ship Scottish
Hills, from Honolulu.
SHIELDS — Bailed July 3— Br ship Strath
gryfe. for Pan Francisco
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 1— Br stmr Em
press pf India, for Vancouver. , ¦ • .
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed July 3— Ship Ha
waiian lalee. for Honolulu.
AUCKLAND— Sailed July 1— Stmr Sonoma,
for San Francisco.
• The steamer Mariposa sailed on. Saturday for
Tahiti wltb a general merchandise cargo, val
ued at $2X^45. Including follow! r,K: IMC. bb'x
flour. 2766 rals wine. 40 pkga beer. 2S3 ctls
barley. 32.205 lbs rice. 0007 lbs beans. 7043 lbs
bran. SI ctls wheat, 15,094 lbs 25 cs bread. Ml
bales hay, 147 cs asserted canned goods, 190
c* canned ealmon. 30 pkgt pickled salmon, 51U1
lbs sugar. 5650 lbs salt, 2107 lbs lard, WiO lbs
peas, 1408 lbs fresh meat, 47 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 28 pkgs fresh vegetables, 09
pkgs fresh fruits, 09 pkgs potatoes, 29 pkgs
onions. S94 lbs ham and bacon, 322 lbs 2 cs
butter, 734 lbs cheese. 29 pkgs table prepara
tions, 940 lbs codfish. 12 cs eggs, 63,954 ft
lumber. 164 bdls shingles. 85 bdls pickets, 170
bdls shcoks. 15,000 laths, 42 pkgs nails, 40
pkgs dry goods. 4 bales leather, 37 pkgs drugs
and sundries. 19 pkgs machinery, 12 cs coal oil,
74 cs soap. 14 cs boots and shoes. 4 bdls oars
5 bbls cement, 41 pkgs paints and oils 7 bales
twine, 3 cs arm» and ammunition, 41 bales
sacks. 56 pkgs wagon material, 16 bdls 60 bars
Iron, S3 pkgs s«w|ng machines, 31 pkft mill
work. 22 bdla pipe, 3 colls rope.
The Mariposa's Cargo.
The schooner El Dorado (at Astoria) Is Char
tered for lumber thence t6 Tslntau, at 38s 96.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
? •
XEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
The Neptune Salvage Company of Tacoma
started work yesterday on the wreck of the
Canadian Pacific eteamer Islander, southeast
of Douglas Island. Alaska, with new appara
tus recently Invented and tested at Tacoma
harbor. Several descents have been mada
dally, reaching a depth of sixty fathoms. It
Is known that the Islander carried a larg*
amount of treasure from the Klondike at the
time she foundered.-.
To Wreck the Islander.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra will be delayed In her departure for
Honolulu and the Antipodes next Thursday
on account of the late arrival at New York
of the British Australian mail and will not
set away until S p. m.
C. A. Johanson of 4213 Eighteenth street,
and employed on Mission-street wharf No. 2,
was struck on the head yesterday by a fall
ing block. He was taken to the Emergency
Hi.ppltai in the ambulance and treated for
lecrrated ccalp wound. He was held at the
huepttal pending the outcome of the case.
On account of reralrs and the great amount
of freight which ehe will take the liner Korea
will not sail until July 12.
Water Front Notes.
A well dressed man about 28 years
old entered the saloorTof Abe Becker,
326 Grant avenue, on Saturday night,
and, placing a railroad ticket to Chi
cago t>n the bar, asked Becker to
riunch it. Becker reminded him that
he was not in a Pullman car, but the
man again asked him to punch the
ticket. Becker humored him, and,
learning that he had no ready cash,
gave hi^n a dollar to get a bed and
told him to return next morning for
the ticket. He did not return and
yesterday Becker took the ticket to
police headquarters. It is good till
to-day. On the ticket Is the name
"J. Bradigan."
Leaves His Railroad Ticket.
Mrs. Marsraret Peoples came clown from
Panta Rosa Monday with three < hlldren en a
onc-and-a-half ticket. Yesterday, when she
started fur home. «he had with her four chil
dren. The ticket man at the ferry hesitated
at the Increased demand on the overloaded
ot.e-and-a-half ticket. While he was trying
to' explain to the woman that another ticket
would be needed one of th<; children, a boy
three years old. slipped through the door and
It was closed. It took several women who
happened to be In the waiting-room, a transfer
man and three police officers to quiet the
almost frenzied mother. . While the trouble
was at Its height the baby walked Into th»
room. It had made the trip to Tiburon. re
mained • aboard the ferry-boat and returned
to this side alone. The woman concluded that
a baby of that grown-up ability rated a full
tk-ket. which she bought and departed for
Santa Rosa.
She «»H that !f she could have clawed his
fnce Just once, the other woman nlcht have
(jlm. -, ?; .-, • -^
I'hc Trouble of the Tickets.
I THE OVERDUE BRITISH HARK
! MONTEBKLLO. BOUND FOR
! THIS PORT.
TO ARKIVE. '
Steamer. From. | Due.
Omenl*] ' Srattle & Tacoma ... .!JuIy 6
nedondo ! Portland & Astoria [July <S
KUIUU* < Portland & Way Ports July «
Arjro I EH River Port* iJuly 6
Mji:tj»ra. .Seattle tjuly 7
Ft. Taul ....".. ' Nome & St. Michael. .;July 7
Fan Pedro Hurr.boldt :Ju!y 7
Eiiza.beth Coqtlilte River July 7
Tomona Humboldt 'July 7
Barracoota... N>«v York via Panama. IJuly 7
Point Arena. . Mfndr-cino £ Pt. Arena) July 7
Furta Rosa. . . Kan Di<"go a Way Pt».!Juty 7
Bonita Newj-ort & Way Poris;July 7
Rainier Seaule fc P.- :: c.-zm July 7
1>1 Nort» i Cre^f-fm City JJuly »»
6. Bart»r»... J Sen'P^Jro ...:-. {July 8
Costa Rica... . J Portland * AFtoria. . . . . (July S
Aurtlia {Fan Podro 9
Corona J Humboldt .'July 10
Eur*ka. .„{ Hum bold t- !Juiy 10
6. Dollar Hakodate -,. IJuly lt>-
City Pueb'.a/. . Puget "Ports IJoljr 10
Ar.-ata ¦< Coo? Bay & Pi Orford.jJuly 11
f tate of Cal... fan D:*-go &. Way Ptj.Uuly 11
Coos Bay San Pedro &. Way Pts.Uu'.y 11
Hawaiian.... Xtw York via Coronet. -IJuly II
I-uxor i Seattle , Uul> 11
Porno I Point Arena & Albion. ,'Ju!y 12
A!arnr<]> -I Honolulu July I'J
PxiiM-s j, Hain^urfr & Way Port«.!Julv 12
Columbia } Portlar.d & Astoria iJuly 1^5
North Fcrk... } HumtKldt iJuly 13
Pm-u... .! ¦%"«¦*• York via Panama. !Ju!y 13
.'..:•<¦• j Seattle & Tacoma ;Ju!y 15
Moncoila (China &• Japan IJuly 19
VmatlHa.. . .. . Itifitt bound Ports iJuly 15
TO SAIL
Steamer. • Destination. ! Sall5.| Pltr.
t p ! |
Jnly 6.
K*-don<lo J I-o» Anjelcc Port*. I 1 pro; Pier 2
Arcata ' Coos TV & Pt. Orfd!12 miPier VJ
Arctic ; Huntboldt I 9 am|Plfr 2
<"Vroea j II urn told t ll:30p;PSer a
Coos Oar .V.] Kan P«-<Jro & Way.| 0 am Pier 11
C'-lumbia... AMoria A- Portland 11 ani'Pltr 24
Julj 7. , . j !
l5r«-8kwAti»r t~oc» IJay direct. ..| 5 pmiPier 8
Kur»ka j Humbiildi , !» amlPier 13
I'timo.' -I I'L. Anna A: Albionl <i pmiPier 2
RMtMofCkl] Han Di^co X- Way.! '•' aroiPler 11
North Frrrk.i Hurnbo!<Jt | 5 pmPlfr 20
(j. LlntSaiK-r j Grays Harbor '.{.'. . ... IPier —
F-rrra : Sydney & Way I 2 pmiPier 7
July 8. i
F Barbara.' Grays Harbor } 4 pmiPier 2
Curacao Mrxiran Ports 110 araiPlfT II
Arpo E«"l River Port*..-! 4 pm;Pi«"T 2
>!ttsno» Korfka «: C<v-.s Day): fPier 1«
Fequoia. j TVillapa Harbor 14 ptniPiT 2<»
J^wtiurp. . .' tiray? Harhx>r . I 4 pm'Pier 1O
July 9. | |
pnmin* Humboldt ..... !l:*»p:Pipr 9
Pi Arrna.. Point Arena | 4 pm : f*!«r H
EJizabrth. .- Coquille River ....j 5 pmiPler 20
Auirlia Artorta & Portland; 4 pmjP!er,27
Qu^rn I'tip^t Pound Portcftl amiPicr *.l
Xcars'Jlco N. Y. via . Panama. 112 m Pier 4<»
Korra China" A- Jap*n 1 1 pmiFkr 40
Jnly 10. j I
6. Rn«a Pan L>i*uo A Way.) 9 amPier 11
-iinnita.. Newport & Way.-. .1 9 im.riir 14
Contfnnial.. Be*Ul« * Tacoma. | 5 pm!Pler.2O
July 11.
f »n r^dro. . Htimboldt 1 IPier —
Ft. Paul Nome & St. Mlcha«-li'2 pmlPif-r 54
¦.Corta Rica. Astoria & Portland'll am'Pler 24
Jnly 12. | |
¦Haider HtattJ* A- B»-llinEhni! 4 pmiPier 10
Jnly 14. 1 |
Oaelio China A- Japan 112 m;Pi<rr 4.0
<"lty Puefcla Pu^rt S^.und Portf.jll aroJPler 9
JLuxor ; HwnbarK & Way. 112 m'Plcr 19
July 16. *! < |
'Ala-aifija... Hono!u!u Ill am!Pler 7
-BarracoutaJ .N. V. vta Panama.|12 m, Pier 40
FROM BEATTLK.
- Bteamer. ! | Dr*tlr.atlon. t Sails.
Uoinok* ....... Nome & St. MlrharlJJuly 6
JeffcnoB SKasway A Way Ports. JJuIy 7
FaraKon Fkapmay & Way Ports.iJuly »
jlunjtcjUt Skagvvay & Way Port*. ; July 10
liertha Kodiak & Way Ports.Uuly 10
<5aronr.'- Nome via Colovin Bay.jJuly 10
¦ Oljmpla Xoiw direct ,'July 10
Cotta«r* City. . Ska«way A Way Ports. July 12
Kanta Clara.. J V'«v>z & Seward 'July 14
Tamplco Nott:* & St. Mlcr-acl . .!July 15
Dirt**. :.:.... SKapway & Way Ports. iJuly 16
BtmtxXr.* V»!d« & W*y Port*, .jjuir 16
Orfffcn. . : ... I Nome Sr St/ Mlcha*!. . .[July is
Movements of steamers. #
John Martensen. eight years of age.
who was shot in the left eye by a stray
bullet on Monday, died in the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday morn
ing. Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi ex
tracted a 22-caliber bullet from the
little' fellow's br. The missile had
entered at the inner angle of the left
eye. There, was considerable revolver
shooting the night of the Fourth of
July in the vicinity of Fifth and Bry
ant streets, where the boy lived with
his parents.
Arthur Greggains informed Deputy
Coroner Charles Meehan yesterday
that Driver Hart of Chemical Engine
No. 6 had informed him that the 1ft
tle fellow had been knocked down by
a wagon, but the autopsy surgeon
found that death had been caused by
the bullet wound and that thejre were
no other i: juries.
t The back door of t'.ie office of the
Elertric Rat Trap Company at 410^
Fifth street was perforated last Mon
day night with revolver' bullets of
large caliber.
Eiffht-Year-Ohl John Martensen
Passes Away With a Iveaden Ml.*
vile in His Brain.
ANOTHER DEATH FROM
FOURTH OF JULY BULLET
The caJkers are dUcatisfled with tbelr work,
hours ar.d other matters too numerous to men
tion and threaten to bundle up their oakum
and walk fcthore. . There are other woes ~ to
come, but this narrative will 6o for the pres
ent. So the pretty barkentine ; Tropic Bird
lies with drooping wings In a etorm-center of
her own making. , ¦ ¦ ¦-— \
The little barkentine Tropic Bird. llk« Job,'
ha»-all her troubles in one shower. Not long
airo the iva« taken off her sunny southern run
among the banana Isles and darted for Nome,
t-h* .shipped, a crew for the round trip and
loaded with g-asoline. powder, dynamite snd
other freight cot cafe to stir Into action. She
sprung aleak, was forced to return and towc<J
to Hay & WrightS. shipyard. Oakland, for
repairs. Cargo was fut aehore and a sane of
talkers were called tp plug up her teams. Then
the crew w«s heard from. Tiiey had signed
for a crime to Nome and return and it waa
not In the bond that they should summer
In Oakland Creek. load and unload dangerous
cargo and heln the calkers while' they were
renting. So they libeled the veestl" for a full
round trip's pay after the captain bad tried U>
ttu\e the labor question by discharging their
forthwith. And tbls Is not all. •
, The Oakland Creektns are making wide cir
cle* when they have occasion to pass that gaso
line, powder and dynamite. It may be safe In
Nome, they say. but a boxed-up perlV In Oak
land. So the authorities of the. tran»-bay city
want- tbat careo removed to a less thickly
populated locality. And this is not all.
The consignor* of rtie gasoline, powder and
dynamite 'wl*h to know, why/ tnelr freight »
not on-ltt' viy to '"Nome -.lor the use of the
nugget homers instead .of becoming en object
of contention on the shores of Oakland Creek.
So they v,ant the poor little -Tropic Bird .to
load up. . gev awuyor pay damages for the
delay, i And this U not all.
Woes of the Tropic Bird.
The steel ship Celtic Monarch, a
many-times visitor in this harbor, is
another tardy windjammer. She is 171
days out from London to Victoria. She
was driven into Queenstown by an
Atlantic gale that had pulled out the
foretopgallant mast and carried away
some sails and several boats. She sail
ed January 16.
.Being bound for this port the greater
interest centers on -the Montebello,
which is posted at 15 per cent reinsur
ance. As she is . considered to be a
fast ship, fears are entertained for her
safety. The Montebello is a steel bark
of 22S4 tons and owned In France. She
was built at Nantes m 1900 and has
been running out of English ports coal
laden ever since she was launched.
The only casualty charged against her
name was her entrance into Sydney on
January 16. 1902, leaking, during a run
from Cardiff to Honolulu.- She is com
manded by Captain Marchendeau and
her cargo is consigned to E. C. Evans,
308 California street.
Another long overdue but not yet
posted for reinsurance is the big steel
ship Holt Hill. She is 200 days out
from Hamburg to Portland. April 23
she put into Montevideo with decks
swept by the t-eas that had boarded
her and carried everything movable
overboard. Much of her cargo was
damaged and more than 200 tons was
jettisoned. The American bark Wlll
scott from Philadelphia to San Diego
is now 343 days out. December 7 she
put back into Port Stanley with the
It/sp of the foretopsall yard, with the
rudder-head sprung and the 1856 tons
of coal on board growing hot. She dis
charged 300 tons, extinguished the fire
and sailed June 26.
The overdue list of eight vessels
which have been posted for reinsur
ance of from T to 40 per cent has been
cut down to six. Yesterday the Largo
Law, now 71 days out from Philadel
phia bound for Fremantle, w-as re
ported spoken May '20 in 2 north and
25 west. The Juteopolis, 71 days from
New York bound for Penang, was
spoken June 4 in 16 north and 36 'vest.
Both vessels had been posted at 7 per
cent reinsurance. The other overdues
still out are the ship Sierra Miranda,
125 days from Rangoon for_ Una
.Grande; Wynford. 66 days from New
York for Shanghai: Queen Elizabeth,
77 days from New Y«.-rk for Hongkong;
Rochefoucauld. 74 days from New York
for Shanghai; Parkwood, 140 days from
.Chittagong for Trinidad, and the bark
Montebello. 179 days from Swansea for
San Francisco.
SUEZ — Pass«d July 3 — Spanish stmr Isla de
Panay, from Liverpool for Manila.
REDONDO— Arrived July 5-jStmr Asuncion,
hence July 3.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 5— Schr
Mawecma. from San DieKo; Br bark Adderly.
hence Jun«> 17; schr Sailor Boy, hence June 18.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 6— Stmr St Paul,
from Nome: bark Haydn Brown, hence June 0;
bark Hesper from San Pedro.
Sailed July 5— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway. .
Sailed July ."5 — Stmr Spokane, for Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July o— Bark
Mary L Cushing, from Guam. -.
TATOOSH— Passed in July 5— Bark Mary L
Cushingr, from Guam for Port Townsend.
Pasred out July C — Stmr Montara, from
Seattle for San Francisco.
' Passed in July 5 — Stmr Portland, from Nome
for Seattle. -• •¦
BELLINGHAM— Sailed July 4— Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco.
Arrived July. 5 — Ship Spartan, hence June fl.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 5— Schr R W
Bp.rtlett. hence June 16.
PORT OAMBLK— Arrived July &— Schr An
nie M Campbell, from Redondo.
EURKKA— Arrived July 4— Stmr Pa?adena,
from San Pedro.
Sailed July D — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
ciso.
Arrived July 5 — Stmr Iaqua. from San Pedro.
Arrived July 6— Stmr Phoenix, hence July 3.
Sailed July 6— Schr Bertie 1 Minor, for San
Pedro.
NOME — In port June 24 — Whal stmr Beluga,
from cruise; Whal strar Belvedere, from cruise;
Whal stmr William Baylies, from cruise; barge
Dashing Wave, from Tacoma; schr Stven
Sisters, hence May 15: ship St Francis, from
Ladysmith; utmr Tamplco, from Seattle.
Arrived June 24— Stmr Valencia, from Se
attle.
Balled June 27— Stmr Valencia, for Seattle.
DUTCH HARBOR— In Port June 27— U S
Ftmr Hugh MeCulloch, hence June 16; U S
ittnr C P Patterson, hence Junn 10: ttmr
Portland from Nome; stmr Chaa Nelson, from
Seattle and Tacoma. *
ST MICHAEL — Arrived June 23— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Tacoma; etmr Olympia. from
Seattle; itmr Rosecrans, with hole Btove In
bott. waa patching; It,- and left St Michael
June 27.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived July 4— Bktn
Hetrlever, hence June 14.
Arrived July 6— Schr Sailor Boy, hence
June 18.
TACOMA— To fall July \6— Stmr American,
for Honolulu. ;
- ABTOR1 A— Arrived July 5— Stmr Whlttler,
hence July 2.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived July 5— Stmr
Del Norte bence July 3.
BANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 6 — Stmr
Bonita. for San -Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July S — Btmr Fulton,
from Bowens Landing; stmr Marshfleld. from
Hardy Creek: *tr«r Coqullle Rlvrr, hence July
2: bktn J M Griffith, from Port Hadlock; bktn
Kllkltat from Port Ludlow. stmr Bonlta, hnce
July 2.
Sailed July 5— Stmr Bonita. for San Fran
cisco. '";>'
BALLABD — Arrived July 5— Schr Maweena,
from Ban Diego.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 6— Stmn
Coronado and Ceutralla. nonce. July 1.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
6— Ship John Ena, from Honolulu.
Sailed July 6— Ship John Ena, for Philadel
phia
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS
Per *tmr St Paul at Seattle— June 24. 3
miles out from Nomp, stmr Valencia, from
StAttle for Nome. June 23 — 150 miles from
Nome, stmr Lcelanaw, tience June 8 for Nome
and St Michael
May. 20— Lat 2 N. long J5 \V. Br ship Largo
Law, from Philadelphia for Kremantle.
June 4— Lat 16 N. long .18 W. H r bark
Nuttopolis. from New York for Frnang
May 11— Lat 3 S. long 31 \V. bark Home
ward Bound, from Antwerp for San Francieco,
and not as before reported.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOts— July 5. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S; 8 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Tuesday. July 5.
\£Umr F A Kllburn, Jahn^en, Port Rogers.
Stmr Despatch, Lcvinaon. San Pedro.
Stmr Massle. Coming Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Greenwood. Walvl*. Albion River,
fctmr Boo, Wchman. Eureka.
Stmr Gualala. Kalntn. Benders Landing,
tftmr Santa Monica. Olren, Port bos Ang*le«.
Stmr Jhs S Higgins. Higgins. Fort Bragg.
Istmr Gipsy. Gray. Monterey, etc.
Htmr Alcazar, \Vinkle. Greenwood.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johnson. Mendoclno.
Stmr Orars Dollar. Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Edith. Hall, Tacoma.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopander. Victoria and way
Torts.
Schr Marion. Topftr, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bofsie K, Stark. San Vic«nt« Landing.
Kehr Jcnn'.e Uriftfn. Gibson. Bollnas.
SAILED
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, San Pedro and way
ports; Pacific Coact S RTo.
Stmr rmntilla. Xopender, Victoria, etc; Pa
cific Coast S S Co.
Fortunately the young ladies re
mained cool and Ferrari, who is small
jn stature, but a good swimmer, struck
cut for the shore about twenty yards
distant. H? reached it in safety with
h:s precious charges, irho had clung
to him desperately. They look upon
him as the bravest of the brave. The
pirls are none the worse for their sub
mersion.
On the return trip they had reached
the Santa Cruz River and while wait
ing for a chance to cress the bar a big
vave struck the frail craft and cap
e:zed it. They were thrown into. the
yatcr and «hen Ferrari looked around
he could only see the dresses of his
companions. He seized one of the
pirls and mad? her ho!d to his shoul
der. He then swam toward the other,
who was in the art of sinking, and
catching hold <>f htr dress pulled her
t'> the surface and got her to- keep
herself afloat by holding his other
fchouldVr.
Ferrari and the two girls, one of
v.hom is Miss Anna ScMeef, 1418 Jack
fm street, this city, and the oiher a
friend who is visiting her, left Santa
Cruz on Monday morning Jn a row
boat for Capilvla. about eight miles
distant. The wind was against them,
but as they were all familiar with the
use of the oars tbeyj enjoyed the ex
perience.
1-ouis Ferrari, assistant In the Dis
trict Attorney's office, is the pride of
the Hall of Justice. It became known
yesterday that he saved two young
women from a watery grave at Santa
«'ruz on Monday. He was showered
» ith congratulations.
At the outbreak of the war with
Spain Wolff enlisted in Wyoming in
the Rough Riders and was quartered at
Tampa, Fla. He resided with his wife
at 402!* Grove street.
Julius Wolff, secretary of the House
smiths' and Arch Iron Workers' Union
No. 78, died at the Harbor Hospital at
half-past 3 o'clock yesterday morn
inj?, from injuries received on the pre
ceding day in a free-for-all fight at a
Shell Mound picnic. His rriend, Frank
Kelly, informed the authorities that a
general fight, drunken men and women
participating, took place in the danc
ing pavilion, and that he and Wolff
went to' the pavilion to see what was
the matter. There was much confu
sion for a minute or two, and when
the smoke of battle cleared away he
saw Wolff lying on the ground with
both eyes blackened. He took his
friend to the ferry-boat and on the
boat Wolff lost consciousness. The in
jured man was taken to the Harbor
Hospital when the boat landed af. the
foot of Market street, and Dr. JBosco
witz diagnosed the case as one of
drunkenness.
Autopsy Surgeon Baclgalupl found
the base of the skull badly fractured.
One of the. arteries was severed and a
large clot of blood had formed In the
brain. Detectives Mulcahy and Cole
man were detailed upon the case.
Mrs. Celia Wolff, the widow of the
dead man, stated to the Coroner yes
terday that she and Wolff had been
married only 10 months.
Swims Twenty Yards With
a Young Woman Clinging
to Each of His Shoulders
Dr. Boscowitz Fails to
Diagnose the Case and
Reports It as Inebriety
THEIR BOAT CAPSIZES
NEGLECTED IN HOSPITAL
Julius Wolff, Beaten in a
Drunken Fight at Shell
Mound,') Dies Soon After
Assistant District Attorney
Ixmis Ferrari Does a
Brave Act at Santa Cruz
SKULL BROKEN
AT A PICNIC
RESCUES GIRLS
FROM DROWNING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 0, 1904.
Is Posted for Reinsurance—A Number of Vessels for
Pacific Coast Ports Are Long Overdue- and the
Underwriters Are Beginning to Grow Anxious
FEARS ENTERTAINED FOR THE SAFETY,
OF BARK MONTEBELLO BOUND HERE
11
RArCiW.AY TRAVTEX.
y^ie hf^s. Trains leave aod are dae
ff^^^pNJlBAy FRANCISCO.
V^s. T"\ Jo I Ttox Jblt S. 1S04.
\4t*^^e\r TxasT DxroT
\SJJ>^ (Toot of Markat Strwt )
isatm - MAIN LINE. -aHtvT
7-OOa Vacartlln. Wint#r». Kamiey...*.... 750»
7.00a Benicla, Klmlra and Sacrament*.. 7.20P
7-30A Tallejo. Naps. Callatoga. SaaU
Kosa. Mxrlinei. Sin Rxmara ISO*
7 J0a XIIm, Tracy. Lathrop. Stocxtoo.... 7-ZOf
8.00a 8h<wt* Expresa— (Tla Daria).
Wfiltacr.t (for BarUett Spring**.
Wniows. trroto. Ued Blu.T,
Portlaad. Tscorna. Seattle 753»
160a Darls. Woodland. Kntsnts Laadtag.
Marytrllle. Ca'ci*. Urovtlla 7.5O
840A Port Coata. Martinez. Aattoch.
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Vew-
roan, Los Baaoa. M <• n d o t a.
Armoaa, Haafari. Vtaalia,
rortprrllle 4.20»
t -50a Port Coata. Mo4e«to. Merced.
Freiao. Gos&en Junction, llaa-
ford. Visalla. Dakerslleld 4.50?
UOa K!!f s, Saa Jose, Llrermore. 8tock-
ton, (tMliton). lone. Sacramento,
MarytTtlle, Chtco. Red Blul .... 4-20?
t.?r* Oakdal«. Chinese. Jameatowa. So-
non. Tnolumne and Angela . 20P
t 00a A V, »nt!c express— OzIcr an4 r.tit . 5 20t»
8- 30* Klchmoivt. Martinez ami Way
Station* S.&Ct*
1000a Tb« Overland Limited — osrdea.
Omtbi. Chicago. Denver, Kaa <a»
Cltr, St. LouU 120P
10.00a Vallejo. 1220i»
10.08a Los Anrelea Pw.nzrr — Por\
iJ':t Ccsta. Martinez, nyron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stock to a. Mprcert.
Caynoad. Fresno. Goshrn Juac-
tlon. Hanford, Lemoore. Visalla.
Bakenaeld. Lo* Angles 7-20*
12.00m Hay ward. Kites and Way Stations. 3 2Cf
I J.OCp Bacram e n io UlTer Steamers 11 1 0 J p
I 3Dp Bfnlcli. Winter*. Sncri-n-nfo.
Woodland. Wf.low*. KnljtQts
Landlns. Maryavllle. OroTlIle
ani way (Utloua 1050%
8 $Cp Hhtw*M. XI1»» and Way StaUon*.. 7M»
4.C0P Marttnex.San Ua'uon. Vallojo. N'a?*. __
CallatOfta. Santa Iloaa 9 2UA
4 OOP NIK*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
4 30PDsyward. Ntles. IrTlagtoa. San} *iS0\
Jose. Livermora ) tii.BOA
EXOPTke Owl Limited— N>wm->n. Los
Baan». MemJm a. yre*no. Tulara,
DakersOeid. Lot Angeles 8.50a
18 30 p Ilay ward. Slle» and 8>«n Jo»« 7.20a
6-OOp Hayward. Nile* and 6ou Jom 8 50a
CCCp Eantera Exprri* — Often. Omaba.
Calratro. Uenrer. Canaaa City.
St. Louts, via Martinez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reuo 12-53f»
8. OOp Vallsjo, daily, except donday I 7 en 9
7 OCp Vallcju. Suaiiay only ( ' ou
7-CCp Ulcamond. !:an Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11 20a
7-CGp Reno Pa**eaeer— Fort Coata. 8nl-
tna. Elmtra, Dart*. Sacramento,
Trnckee. Lake Tahoe. Kcno,
Tooopan. Spark* 7 53a
t 06p Pert CostA, M»rtio»z. Byroa.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Co*ta 12 20»
8 05p Tosemlte Valley, Tla Berenda and \
Wawoni S.50*
8.C5P Martinez. Tr*.~T. Stockton 1020a
8 Q&p Oregon * California Ezpr***— Sa«-
rameato, MaryiTtlle, Redding.
Portland, Paget Sooad aod Kast. 8.50a
V.IOp Hayward, Xtles and Saa Jose (3oa-.
dayoaly) 1160a
COAST LINE M.tsrrnw Uan?.).
. (Foot of Mrtrltet Street.)
7-4Sa Santa Craz ExcorHloniSunday only) 8-IOp '
8.16a Newark. Oenrsrril'e. San Joae,
Teltoa, BoalderCreek. BigBnsln,
Santa Cras sad Way Sutloas... 6 SSp
I9-15a AlTtrsdo. Newark. 6nn Josr, Los
6sto*,G1eawo<)d, Felton. Boulder
Crerk. Big Basin. Santa Crnz.... 8-IQp
t2.«Ep NewMi, CealorrHla. Saa Jo««.
K e w Almadea. Los G»f o*. Fe I too.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cras and
Principal Way Stations 10.36a
4.1S» Newark. San Joca, Los Gato* t8 55*
4-15p Wrigbt, Boulder Creek snd Saata
_ Croi. Saturday and ?«nday only. >8 55a
COAST LINE (llrai.l htu»»'.
j tg~ (lnlrd an<l rojnuml Street*.)
61 Pa San Jo»e and Way Station* 8S0P
1700a San Jo*e and Way Station* &4Cp
7.15a Monterey and Santa Craz Ezcnr-
•lon f Sunday only) 10 3C»
8L0a Krw Atoadea (Tues., Frtd.. only), 4.10P
8 00a The Coaster— Sun Jo»e. Salinas.
San Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita, flan I.-s's Oblipn.Santa
Barbara. Sun P'ien*vrnti:r».
MontalTo, Oxaard, Burbaak, Lo*
Angelea 104SP
SOOa Gliroy. Hol!!«ter. Caitro»llle. Del
Moat*. Pscloc GroTe, 9orf, Lom-
poc 1045P
8.00a Saa Jose. Tres Plaos, Capttola,
S*nt«Croz.Paciac OroTe.SAltaaa,
S«n Lola ObUpo aad Prlnctpat
Way Station* 4-10<»
103f » fcan Joie and Way Station* 1.20P
II 30a Santa CUra. Saa Jo*«. Los Gatos
aad Way Stattona 7.30a
1-30P San Joceand Way Stattoas 8 33a
t3 OCpDrl Monte Kzpre**— Santa Clara,
Pan Jose, Del Moate. Muaterey,
PaclflcGrore 12-15P
3-30p Btir:ii!»imf, San Jo«e. Gtlroy, Hol-
U*ter, Tres Pino*. P»jar». Capl-
tola. 8anta Craz. Cajtrorllle,
Sallna*. Pacific Grore 10 4Sa
430p Psn Jo«e and Way Stations tS.OOA
tS OOP Santa Clara. Saa .'.v. Lot Qatos,
Wright aad principal Way Bta-
tloB*(ezcept Sanday) t9-00A
{5?0p S*nJose»odPr1ne?palW*ySUtioa» |8.40a
b 4«P fin*et Ezpre**.— Redwood. Saa
Jos« r 6tlrfly.Sal!naa.i'a«o U«blea.
. Saa Lai* Oblipo. Suut-i B*rt>»r»,
Los Anzele*. Demlni;. El Paso.
Sew Orleana. Sew York 7 10a
B.45p Pajaro. Cspltola, Snata Craz. Cas-
trorlKe, Del Monte.Ptciac Grove. 10 45p
tS ISp baaMateo.Beresford.Belmont.8aa
Csrlo*. lied wood. Fair Oaks,
•V- B >««»'oP«rk. Palo Alt* t«.43A
6 SOp Saa Joie and Way Sutlons. 8-36a
BCOp Fiiio Alto and Way StaUons 10.16a
11 .30p South San Francisco. M Ulbraa. Bar-
llBKsme. Sab Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park, and Pa'o Alto 9 45s»
111 Mi> Maylleld. Mountain View, Sanny-
rsle, Lawrence. Saata Clara aad
San Joie. 19.48p>
A for Mornlnif. P for Afuraooa. ~
t Pan J»» ezeepted. t Saadar oalj
«. Saturday only. • Monday only.
iSlooa at aJit^Uoas oa SoaJ»y.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UK FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFi: '
RAILWAY COUFAK7.
Tiburoa rerry. root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.APAEi.
WEEK-DAYS— 7 :M, 8:0V 9:0U, ll:0O a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 3:50. «J:30 and ll:Jt»
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:30. ll:0O a. m.: 1:30.
2:30 3:40. V.10. »5:3O. 11:30 p. m..
SAN ' SAFASX. TO SAN FBAJVCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— o:0i, 6:0y. 7r^5. 7:50, »:a>,
11:15 a. ra. : 12:50. t-':00. 3:40, 5:00. 5:W.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. in.
SUNDAYS— «:5O 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays. -
Leave | In" Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | May 1. 13O4. | San Frap. : _
Week I Sun- J Destlna- 1 Sun- I W*«Vc
Days. 1 days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7-30 a 7:15 a 7:t5a
7:30 a 8:C0a 8:10 a S:4l>a
8:00a 0:30a limaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2^50 p 6:(*>p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:10 p * «:2i»p » :2j p
7 :25 p ' .
3:15 P
7:30 a 7:30a I 7:13*1 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Xovato. 10:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. «:20 pj «:20{>
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 pj 7:25 p
S:10p Santa Rosa. 8:45 pj
7:3Oa 7:3Oa 10:2Oal0:2O»
8-OO a 8:00 a r^iton. T:23 p «:2O p
2:30 p 2:3Op 8:45 p 7:25 t>
Windsor. 1
7-30 a 7:30 a HeaUlstnirg. 10:20 a[l0:20 a
Lytton. • j
2:30 p 2:S0p GeysenHle. 7:25 pf 7;I^p
Cloverdale. 1 y
7-3Oa| 7:30 al Hopland |10:2»>a'/^:2O a
2:30 PI 2-rSO PI and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
I j W SUlta. "1 I
7:30 a| 7:30 al Sherwood. | 7:25 pf 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevlllo and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2;30 p( Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 o
*8:C0a 8:COa - 8:40 afsiio'a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. «:00 p 6:20 p
( 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:43 p)
7:30a| 7:3Oa| 110:20 a|10:20 *
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL I 7:25 p| 6:20 »
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whits
Sulphur 1 Spring* and Mark West Sprinss; at
Fulton tor Burke' a Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservilla for Skasss
Sprins« : at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boona-
vtlle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyviile. Carls-
bad Sprinss. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Barttet:
Sprinss; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day'a. Riverside. Llerley'a. Bucknell'*.
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr'» Hot
Springs, Halfway Houae. Ccmptch*?. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllta for Fort Bragg.
Wettport. Sherwood. Canto. Covelo. Layton-
>Ule. Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris, OUena.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia aad Ku-
r€i(2L« * ' ' "
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rate*.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rarael *at half ratei.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Cnronlcl*
building.
JAS. I* FRAZIER. . R. X. RYAN.
• Gen. Manager. Gen. ¦ Pass. Agt.
THEi WEEKLY CALL
tgfl per Year, m ;
, ADVEB.TISEMENT3.
Wf Bottled Ooodnaaf
, '"In Faith 'tU an. honest fuality."
Quality Ulk should be backed by "the
' goodt." Blatz Brewery was founded ia the
early forties. Blatz quality is almoft
traditional. Every bottle i s i u 1 1 of quality
argument. The "Blatz" characteristics
are all rounded up in the "Wiener.**
Ask for it dowa tows. Send a case home.
SA1X BXBO t CO..
Wholesale Sealers, 812 Battery St.,
Tel. Mala S859. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. llalnes. Skagway.
etc, Alaska — 11 a. m . July
5. 9. 14. 1W, 24. 20. Aug. S.
Change to Company'i' i>team*
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port '! own*>ml, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett,
Bellingham— It a. m.. July 5, 0. 14. 19. 24. 23.
Aug. 3. Change at Seattle to this Company's
steamers tor Alaska and G.- N". Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay> — Pomona. 1:.T©
P. m.. July X 0. 15. 21. 27. Aug. 2. Corona, j
1 :S0 p. m.. July 6, 12, 18, 24. 30. Aug. 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port kos Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. rn.
State of California. Thursday*. 9 a. m.
For Lo* Angeles (via San Pedro and East
' Kan Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
i Luis Obisno), Ventura and Hueneme.
1 Bonlta. 9 a. m.. July 2. 10. IS. 26. Aug. X
I Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 6. It. 22. SO. Aug. 7.
i For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
i Csbo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
i saifa. Guaymas (Mex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 1904—
¦ The palatial excursion steamship Spokane will
I leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria July ft. 19.
Aus. 2, 16.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chnnge yteamers or sailing dates.
| TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
1 ery St. fPalace Hotel). 10 Market »t., and Broad. ¦
I way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st. I
C. D. DHNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market N4.. San Francisco.
OCCaQICS.S.CO. 8 ;^
'-S S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
1 land and Sydney. Thursday. July 7. 2 p. m.
!«S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July 16. 11 a.m.
S S.'. MARIPOSA, for Tahltr. Aug. 0, 11 a. m.
! J.D.SPRECKELS k BROi Ca.ASti.f 1C&1 03133 5H Iff- -
: let. rreifl* OSci 3J)iirii(>L. fun. j'iuU St.
i — — — _—————————__
: t-OXPAGMS GEITEKALS TRAMSATiASTiaji
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jf^^.
falling »very Thursday instead of ijS^SJfti
i Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. *«a«lSK»
! North River, foot of Morton st.
; First class to Havre. $7i> and upward. Second
close to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN*
! KRAL AGENCY FOR tTNITRU STATES AND
' CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York". J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. I'acihc to»si
- A cents, ft Montgomery avenue. San Franclsc-j.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
I To U. S. Kavy Yard and Vallejo.
; STMKS. GEKi FRISBIE, MONT1CELLO and
I ARROW— 8:45 A. M.. 12:30 noon. 3:15 P.
: M. t 6:00 P. M.. 8:30 P. M. (ex. Sunday);
Sundays, 9:45 A. hi.. 8:30 P. M. Leave Val-
lejo 7:00 A. M.. »:00 A. M.. I»:30 NOON.
3:15 p. m., 6:00 p.- m. (ex. Sunday); Sun-
days, 7:00 A. M, 4:15 p. m. Landing and
office. Pier 2, foot Mission st. Phone Main
1503. HATCH BROS. \
To U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end Cerry bldg. — Weekdays.
0:30 'A. M-, 3 and *S P. M.; Sundays, 9:30
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave Vallejn— Week days.
'6:50 A. M-. 12:20 and ft:30 P. M.: Sundays, 5
• P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates,
; Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cov* and Martinez.
60e round trip. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL
'CO.. phone Main «i41. "Saturday excepted.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
¦ CALIFORNIA M
HLIMITED TO CHICACO E
; H LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSD1YS § j
; H at f)::tO a. m., thronsrb la ;j days, K i
i H with dlser and all trappings. Kg i
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m. | for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8-00 p* m" J Merc « d . Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St, and
. Ferry Depot, 6. 7. Also 1113 Broad*
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South Flrat St.,
Saa Jose.
¦ CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sansallto Ferry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30^:10. 7:45. 8:20. 9:15. 10:00. U:0O a. m.
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4:00, 4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00. 10:20.
11*35 P. rn. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at' 7:10. 7:45. S:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00, 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:50. 3:15. 4:00, 4:35.
6:15. 5:50. 8:25, 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p. m. '
Arrive at Baa ' Francisco, week days, 9:\1.
T-00 7:35 8:13. 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. 11:06 a. m.|
l-i-05 1:25. 2:50, 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40. 6:15|
6-55. '7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:05.
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. rn..
3-15 p. m., 5:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and legal holldaya at 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10.0O,
11:00. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30. 7:l5
and 8:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadefo aad way stations,
0:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc.
5:15 p. m.. daily except Saturday and Sun-
day—For Point Reyes, etc
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
«tc. * ¦ ¦
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cacadaro. etc,
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market it.
FERHY— Union Depot, foot cf Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
I Leave Tte HauallU Ptrry . Arrive
Baa rrandsco fast *t Murkrt ft. flan Fraadsop
Week """¦ l •_ "BJ buu- . Week
Dayi. dayg. >OT#fiew3V days. Day>.
I.....: 830 a fggjjH|» 12:48 r* 8:451
10:00a 2:05pM|;05*.
10:00 a 11:00 a l^^^y 3:35 r 3:35 r
I:46p12;20p XMbKSs' »:*0 p 6:15 i
I 4.35 r * * i0 * -••
•TIi Cnrity far, * Tmtiyth U ¦ill falter.
Ticket 1626 Mxbxxt 6t. (North Rbore Railroadj
Omcis (and Sacsalito Fxrby, Foot Market 8t.
APVEBTISEJCENTa.
';I[nion"Gas Engines
IlcLVC ffliU QC JJ3.S CI1* «*^ ' - ' ' m "
in use. in * 68 h. p. 3-cylinder "tjntoh" mabine enoiwe.
tHis port than those of all other makes combined. They are fitted to
run on gasoline, benzine, naphtha or distillate. Speciaj fittings for
kerosene and crude oil. Send for- our" catalogues, stating requirements.
Union GasEnglneConipanyMx^^^ATHE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1904.
12
CHAy^S^-^ontlnne^
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances,
FOR — eale — Well-furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city: flne chance for
cummer outing: also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping: automatic generator for
making own gas; toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go Eaet; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal. ;. assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hse. or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Electrical and locksmith business:
central location; established 9 years: rent
$30; clears $90 to $100 per month; price $500;
must sell on account of other business.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. .
FOR 6ale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general Jobbing; established 27 years: well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full Investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all klnda of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy Et.
FOR exchange— Lot, 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks, everything first-class: on direct car
line: for rooming-house. S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St. -¦
WANTED — Steady, reliable man for steady
place; will pay $90 a month; price $250. 032
Market, room 6.
FOR rale— Good paying country hotel, - cheap;
at railroad station. For particulars Inquire
600 Third et., S.W. cor. Bryant; no agents.
FOR sale — Cigar stand: good location. Inquire
102 Sixth «t- .¦».,-.,.
FOR SALE— A good paying hotel In Hay-
wards. Box 3575. Call offlce. •
FOR.SALE^ — Grocery store In East Oakland.
Box 2G97. Call offlce.
I FOR SALE — Delicatessen and liquors; sales
average $22 dally. Box 1482, Call offlce.
GROCERY store In Oakland for eale; good lo-
cation. Particulars box 1464. Call office.
$350— DAIRY and delicacy store, with living
roomi. Apply 379 Hayes st.
PAPER route for sale; 500 subscribers. Ap- j
ply news agent. Point Richmond.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions 'hs!s been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIAG.HOL'SBS FOR SALES.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Kt., cor. Market and Powell.
HeadquarU-rs for 'Rooming- houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
tirst-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition In city; price $3'-'OO.
90-room new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness. t
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired;
rare chance for right parties; part cash, bal-
ance can be paid out of the house; other busi-
ness interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms: rent only $75; well furnished
little apartment-house; reduced to $1250.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
I lights; long lease; clears $400' to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
7-room modem flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $600; at bargain if sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will 'trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; flne little' apart-
ment-house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
14 rooms; rent only $57: oak furniture; pood
carpets; part cash, balance time: price $900.
1C5 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class. up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany: fln» proposition:
good lease.
150 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; flne leasi*, paying $500 to $600 per month:
close in; full nice people; bargain If; taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doing fine business: will trade for large
apartment-houNs and pay cash difference.
Largo ' list of real estate, rooming-houses
and business for exchange nr trade, always on
hand. A. CAMERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN. ,
408' Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market st«. Tel. Clack 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
Eleven rooms; brand new furnishings; house
Just painted, ins'.d? and out. and freshly pa-
pered; thoroughly respectable; (rood downtown
location; bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
Tweli'e rooms, on Post St.; splendid location;
house Is like private home; larpe yard; offered
very cheap If eold soon: see this.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Seme good houses, large and small, for
exchar.se.
Office building; all rented; clears ?00 month:
very expensively furnished; everything new;3-
year l«?ase: for the same money no piece of
real estate in :-*an Francisco would return' one,-
half the Interest this chattel property will
yield. MARION GRIFFIN.
The grandest 80-room apartment-house In
San Francisco; every room light and sunny;
modern in all particulars; private baths with
every suite; tastefully and elegantly furnished;
everything of the best; long lease; cheapest
rent in the city for bouse of' similar character:
suitable terms; a bargain. For sale exclusively
by MARION GRIFFIN.
DO YOU • WANT , TO MAKE MONEY?
If fo get full particulars at offlce of one of
the best 40-room transient houses in S. F. ;
located in heart of most respectable transient
district; you are sure to make $200 to $300
net profit monthly and $3250 is all we ask.
LOOK AT. THIS.
18 rooms; flne double bay-window house; well
furniEhed; clearing $00 per month: price only
$C00; actually worth and should sell for $1000.
130-room hotel: 9-year-lease at only $5 per
room; new and modern in every detail; ele- .
gantly and substantially furnished; -monthly I
profits average over $500; buy now and.be pre- j
p_red to take care of the great crowds that are
sure to winter here.
CALL at our office; 1000 hotels and lodging-
bouses to select from; we guarantee titles.,
MARION GRIFFIN.
THIRTY rooms,, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, • low rent. . ¦ 1COO
115 rooms,. low rent, country, transient. 5O0O
31 rooms, rent only *o5.. ." 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient.:... ..:.. 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room..........:. 3400
Hotels and- roadhouse'and all kinds of busi-
ness • Sold and ¦ exchanged. ; ; .
Money to loan on furniture at. low rates.
EITEL &' CARROLL, 212 ¦, Kearny; st.
A — $6000: LODGING-HOUSE of 40 rooms; kept
• by owner 25 years: rent- $200: lease; flne;fur-
nlture; place clearing above $350 per month;
vicinity Market and Kearny sts. Box .2700.
Call offlce. .--.-¦ - ».'
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market «t.
If you want to, buy a house or flat on easy
terms, large list to select from, try
-'." -.. ,. "¦¦ -.- - MITCHELL & CO..
LODGING-HOUSE for sale: -27. rooms; all
light- and sunny: flne location; rent $110.
Box 1412. Call office. ~ :
GOOD paying, lodging-house 32: rooms, for
sale; low rent. Box 35S1, Call office. i
EMP_.OY_IEXT WAXTED— FgMALE^
A— TWO young ladles living: with parents as
•alestadies: candy store; *7 week to bejrin.
MRS. M. E.- DAY. 351 O'Farrell Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as warklnr hous*-
keeper In refined home of not more than two:
good home main consideration; town or ooun-
try. Bux 3207. Call offlce.
NURSE masseuse would like position to wait
on invalid or would take confinement case«;
would not' object to leaving city: references;
terms reasonable. Box 1105. Call. ¦ ¦_- • j - ¦
WOMAN wants work by the day: good laon-
dress; $1 23 a day; no postals answered. M9
Minna st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A RESPECTABLE youns woman with a «mall
cblld would assist with light housework for
room and board. Call at 4517 Eighteenth.
RELIABLE woman wishes work where she
can take girl of 4*i years; city or country: $8
to $10. Address box 3227. Call offlce.
A YOUNG German Jewish girl. 15 years old.
want* position for light housework: wage*
$10. 392 Sixth st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day:
washing, ironing or sweeping; $1 50 and car-
fare. Address box 3203. Call offloe.
A GERMAN girl wlshee a position as cook: $30.
453 PoUc »t. w
A STRONG woman wishes work by to* day aa
housecleaner. Box 3175. Call offloe*
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Chore- sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for To*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEXT WAWTEP— MAUB.
A YOUNG man who la Just through with his
business course wants a position as eth-
nographer; can speak two foreign la Bguages:
liquor and tobacco concerns please don't
write. Box 8230. Call office^
A YOUNG mas, acquainted with railroad and
clerical work In general, rapid at figure*,
legible penman, desires position at any kind.
Box 3231 % Call offlce. ¦
AN all-round cabinetmaker, sober and reliable,
desires a steady position In hotel, store or
kindred establishment to do repairing, etc.
Box 3147. Call.
EOBER. reliable man desires steady plac* do- -
ing chores around place; understands porter
work and Is very good with horses; can milk.
Box 2183. 2200 Flllmore st. »
POSITION wanted^ — First-class man with
horses, do garden work, milk, general man
about place; reference. Box 3213. Call offl:e.
A SELF-SUPPORTING * young man . wants
work In store or factory. Box 3232. Call.
GARDENER wishes position; thoroughly com-
petent in all branches of horticulture; un-
der glass and outside; 8 years in last posi-
tion; with best of recommendations. Box
1451. Call offlce.
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detallcr. 13 years' experience mining.
stationary, marine, power plants, factories,
wants position or work at home. Bo- 31— 1,
Call offlce.
SOBER, reliable man deetres steady place doisg
chores around place; understands porter work
and Is very good with horses; can milk. 2000
. Flllmore st. r •¦
NITRSE (male) requires position; grad-ate
training school; 6 years' experience mental
cases; flrst-clas* references. DURHAM, 1235
Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel steward: thoroughly
experienced; American and European plan:
best of references; Eastern and California
houses. Box 3154. Call office.
MARRIED man wishes situation a* manager
or foreman of dairy or ranch; long experi-
ence; can give best of references. Box 3101,
Call office.
BARBER, young man, sober, wants short-hour
Job. Box 3205. Call offlce. ' .»
SITUATION wanted by a Crst-claas cook la
family; single. 735 Jackaon st.
Painter, paper-hanger, sign writer, wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom St.: phone Mint 131.
A JAPANESE wants any kind of a position 13
city In afternoon between 6 aad 8 o'clock.
M NAGAI, 839 Sacramento St.. tel. James
8261.
¦ '
JAPANESE couple want position, man aa cook.
wife for general housework; wages $55 and
up. F. FUJII. 533 Stevenson st.
A JAPANESE good honest boy wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy in city. TAMAilOTO. care
Japanese Mission. 1329 Pine st.
A JAPANESE couple want places; man as
plain cook; wife do housework or wait on
table; wages $35 up mo. H. M., 451 Jessie it.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position In.
small family: good cook; beat reference.
T. Y.. 25« O'Farrell St.
JAPANESE, good boy, wants position: any kind
work.or half days;good cook. Call 1028 Larkin.
YOUNG Japanese gentle boy wishes situation,
housework: wages $6 a week. Address YAMA.
21C6 Fillmore st.
JAPANESE young man wants a position as a
housework^r. Japanese Mission Home, 22
Prospect place, city; tel. Jones 1391.
JAPANESE wants work, morning or evening. 6
Pratt place, off California st., city.
JAPANESE boy wants to care for firten and
horse In country. M. M. t 725 Geary St.. S. F.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed tn our free renting department: over 10OO
in number; a combined list from all agencies:
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fail; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantags r>f
, this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ca. 245-253
Geary st.. on the square.
NOE. 1050 — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner;
5 rooms and bath; all modern improvemsnta;
low rent; convenient to Castro and Twenty-
fourth-st. cars.
CENTRAL ave.. 71 — Sunniest, cheap-st. up-to-
date flat: 6 large rooms and bath; must be
seen to be apDreclated: $23.
NEW corner flats, close to park; 9 rooms:
bath; tinted: all sunny. $27 SO. B st. and
Fourth ave.
JUNIPER, 37, bet. Tenth and Eleventh, oft
Folsom— 4 newly cleaned rooms; $12.
NEW, modern, sunny flat; 5 rooms; $20. 411CV^
Twenty-fifth «t., near Castro.
BROADWAY. 1255. near Hyde — Neat si^nny
flats. 3 larg* rooms. $11.
CLAYTON, 610^i. near Halght — Lower 3
rooms; rent cheap: 3 blocks from G. G. Park.
FELL. 3S2. near Octavia — Modem sunny lower
flat. 5 rooms and bath.
FILLMORE. 1124, corner— 7 rooms, all light
and large; modern: upper story; rent $40k
FLATS to let or furniture for saJ», near Park.
Write KROFF. 5 New Montgomery st.
¦ HAIGHT. 371 — Upper flat. 7 sunny rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAO. 118 Montgomery st.
MINNA. 735%. near Ninth— Fine fiat. 9 rooms
and bath; cheap.
SUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms and bath; 1133
Green st.. half a, block from Hyde-st. cars.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; large yard!" 714 Natoma
St.. near Ninth.
4-noOM and e-room modern cor. sunry fiats:
all light; <22 5O-$37 5O. 24tn and Valencia.
1 l -~— - — ¦
FJ_*TS TO LET — KIUMSIIED.
HAIGHT. 12«8^SI^_rvirtaT7o"r?"cnrtraTT^
—Elegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished:
house has atl conveniences and 13 situated in
eeiect neighborhood.
FURNISHED flat of 7 rooms to rent. 1790
Sntter st.: tel. Baker 1671.
CAPP. 614—5 sunny desirable rooms; gas and
coal range; piano.
AN elegantly furnished, eunny apartment flat.
n<»ar \«n Ness ave: sIt rooms Box 3173. Call.
FLATS FOli SALE — FUR.MSHED.
F Yt RN 1Z£ RE of "-room flat for sale: bargain.
Box 3233. Call offlce.
FO ** SAI ' E — Furnished flat of T rooms and
Path; down town. Box 1127. Call offlce.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms for sale; nearly
new; rent $27 50. Box G590, Call office.
GREATEST bargain in city; 8 rooms, bath;
piano optional. 2570 Market st.
ONE HUNDRED PER CENT PROFIT IS ™^J HE
-FREE I. fl mt Usefuf Noveftu f\{f±
iicusefiofd.- Sporting and Professional '
PATENTED. .
f^\ Housewives' Aid in keeping \ These Scales are in demand /^^^
I J tab on the Batcher, Baker, /(^\ an£ * ar€ vcr 7 popular with (T
V^/ Grocer, Fruit and .Vegetable \l In physicians for weighing ff
5K Vender and others. V/Pm ' n^ an * s# *®r
M \T7ADOAM-rcn 'lill "NO FAMILY SHOULD BE M
>|| WAKKAJNlfcJJ r_- WITHOUT ONE." -^ *M
IM ACCURATE e *l- lM
• ' |i 2__ No Fishing Outfit is complete ss§
Wi ft* 1 t n f x-/ ,. ls£_ without one of the Pelouze __2j
€p Made of Brass, beautifully :E3 M^t^t pt^-j <z r *u* as
¦if '- V 1 1 _tf *' J w iiIC_,cl"r lilcu OLdlco. _ S35
Price Each W
Half Actual Size Actual Size. Half Actual Size.
fir,; In keeping with its usual enterprise, THE CALL engaged the celebrated Pelouze Scale
Company of Chicago to manufacture a special lot of these useful household and sporting
scales, especially for the use of its "WANT AD." patrons, and on Thursday, Friday and
Saturday of this week every one bringing a WANT ADVERTISEMENT for insertion in
next Sunday's CALL will receive one of these useful little premiums.
i. These scales sell regularly at 40c apiece and cannot be purchased for less than that
amount, so our patrons will readily realize that THE CALL is not only issuing the best pre-
.niums ever offered by a newspaper, but is giving them a series of uaeful articles that can-
not be purchased' locally for three and .often foux^ times the actual cost? of their little WANT
ADVERTISEMENT. This concession alone should be a big inducement to insert your
ad. in this paper, not to mention anything of the big returns advertisers receive from adver-
tisements placed with THE CALL. if 4
Premiums can be obtained by presenting; advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets:
£ r ! open until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
1 BRA*TCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
I • ¦ 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
i 300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
I - 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. -
615 Larkin street;open until 9:30 p. m.
. 1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
. , „ ' ' »261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until • p. m.
:" . * ¦ 106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
I - 1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra. ¦ 'j
" ' ". NortheaBt corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky itreeta; open until > p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE: j
1016 Broad-way Telephone Main 1083
i BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: ,
Schneider's Boote Store. • •' Park Street
'•/¦/ EDUCATIONAL.
IeTr. AYREsTTounder and manager of Ayres
Business College for fourteen years, has re-
turned to take active management. Com-
bined course,- $5 a month; life scholarship.
$50. Day. evening. Bancroft bid*.. 723
Market st.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 708 Mission
Bt. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light; finest In the West.
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gfves
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
A — METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COL. and
Academy, 602 Van Ness; finds employment;
day ev'g; Dr. Smith of Cal. Bus. CoL with
us. R. H. WEBSTER. Pres.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.1433 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and Fri. evgs; Juve-
niles. Sat. 2 to 5; priv. lessons dally. Find-
lay's Hall. 17th. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 18ft4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, bookkeeplnjr.shorthand:
day. eve. Western Bus. College. 1107 Market.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission. »r. Sixth.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of aivcrtlsements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Opep until 11 p. m.
EMrLOYJlEST- OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment^ office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
-Chlnts» help. 426 Powell st.; teL Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
1 Leon Seung*s. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE-Chtnese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.: tel Bush 85».
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188. l
CHINESE and Japanese hei p; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 840 Clay.
KMI'LOYMKVr WANTED FEMAI.R.
HOTEL cook wants position: quick, steady
reliable; would take boardingt-house or min-
ing camp cooking: wages most be good- ref-
erences given. Address MRS. ELLINGS «11
Taylor st.
A COMPETENT American woman wishes work
by day; fine flannel washer, laundress and
sweeper: $125 and car fare. MRS. WILSOV
1S9 Fourth st.. room 24. 1st flight. £?T '
REFINED and capable woman of good edu-
cation wishes position as mother's helr>er or
lg!gaS>'^r-,f OOJweww; refe^ n "*-
RESPECTABLE woman, is a good cook and
laundrvs. In a private American family will
go a -short way In country; like, children:
from $15 to $20: will give reference. 47
Shipley St., bet. Third and Fourth. .
AMERICAN WOMAN, has child, good cook
B?a n ck 2306 : COUntry/ ? 24 Mason *-7 P^ne
RELIABLE woman wants situation for gen-
eral housework: good cook and laundress- cltv
or country. Box 3149. Call offlce.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place for general
housework; city or country: wages $25. 316«i
Rltch et.. bet. Brannan and Townsend.
A— WAITRESS, experienced, wants position In
restaurant. 324 Mason at:, phone Black 2330
SITUATION wanted by a Canadian woman in
small family; good plain cook. 1238 Market.
f ATTORNEYS-AT-IiAW.
O W. HOWE, 1122 MARKET St!
Tel. Jessie 4711. Established 22 years. Advice
free on all legal matters; divorces a specialty,
private, quick: no pay in advance; mining com-
panies organired; patents obtained; wills, deeds,
collections; detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bide.!'
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 15
years; all cases, general court and offlce
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St., 13
yrs. practice; refs. from many thousands ot
voldlers, sailers, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; all law bufclnesc; do charge unless euc-
ceseful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 30L
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; offlce
oren Saturday evenings. 819 Market St., r. 33.
L. S CLARK, 927 Market et.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
APT0M0BH.ES.
WHITE touring: car, used a few weeks; com-
plete top, clocks, gas lamp*, etc.; must be
sold; owner leaving. Apply 513 16th. Oakland.
FOR eale^ — CADILLAC; Eeats four; canopy top;
perfect condition. Box 3211, Call offlce.
AUTOMOBILE for sale (Dos a Dos); good run-
ning condition. Box 1411. Call office.
AN auto car. S h. p., for sale; flrst-class or-
. der. Box S576. Call offlce.
THOMAS tonneau car (gasoline) for eale. Box
2613. Call offlce.
FOR SALK- A Crest mobile. 1904 (gasoline).
Box 1475. Call office.
FOR SALE — A gasoline runabout. Box 1492.
Call offlce. -v-.-r:
KNOX automobile for sale; good running or-
der. Box 2690. Call offlce.
ASTHMA BEMEDT.
A. Dl Nola's Asthma Remedy relieves instant-
ly: lOo. 23c Mo. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas.
..,- -^^r^. BOOKS.
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers,
removed from 206 Powell st.. to S57 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1000; SALOON In the Potrero. with 6
rooms; rent $50; place established many years;
good business; investigate; this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $SO0: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 2Gfj Kearny.
A— $4500: SALOON, located . in Watsonvllle;
rent $17 50; o years' lease; a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed In the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE, "6]i
Kearny st.
A — $2500: LEADING hotel in the best business
town 80 miles from city; 40 rooms; bar and
dining-room; lpng lease: no better chance for
hotel businees in the interior. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2tHK Kearny st.
A— $5500; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade: rent $30; 5 years' lease; value In
sight; one of the best offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2S^
Kearny st.
A— $65O; SALOON, with 8 rooms, in West
Berkeley; rent $20; location first-class; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
best paying corner saloons in this city;
daily receipts about $40; place clears net
above $300 per month; location first-class.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon, elegantly fitted up;
large stock; lease; net rent $35; location
first-class and a fine paying business; will
stand fullest investigation. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26U, Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stocktop sts.; rent S15O: lease; place estab-
lished years; flrst-cla&s business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26U Kearny St. "
A— $11,000; BARROOM; owner never clears
less than $1000 per month: location and
business can't be beat. See R. G. WILKE.
26 Vi Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 36 rooms; piano, «tc. ; finest loca-
tion acroes the bay. Se& R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Et. • -
A— $3500; BEER hall; choice location; 3-year
lease; rent $75; net rent $25; fine business;
elegant fixtures; choicest ctock of wines,
liquors, etc. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $450; ROADHOUSE: 4 rooms; dance hall;
!l-year lease: splendid business opening. S»e
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et. .
A — $3500; CORNER saloon; close to Sutter St.;
place estab. years; doing an excellent busl-
res6; lease; rent $115; net rent. $48; elegant
_fix tu res. __f e_R. ____ WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2200; ROADHOUSE! ~RoadhouseT Road"
house! With 13 furnished rooms; rent $40;
lease : a first-class paying reeort. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kesrny St.
A — $3500 — ELEGANT barroom, with mercan -
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California; place must .be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $450; BARBER shop; 3 chairs; beet loca-
tion in the Mission; rent $15. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $600; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon, opp.
cable house; place estab. years, with .steady
and transient customers; owner clears about
$175 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. •
A— $1000; BOARDING and rooming house; 30
rooms, kitchen and dining-room; 37 beds;
good furniture; lease: place paying well. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — $375; CIGAR stand, transfer cor.; rent $25;
good paying place. R. G. Wilke, 26% Kearny.
J350 WILL secure a lifelong position and in"-
come of $30 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present income can easily be doubled with
•-lose attention to duty. Particulars 1007%
Market ft., room 1.
FOR $275 — Fruit and grocery; aluo horse and
¦wagon; receipts average f>0 daily; party go-
ing to Europe. , Inquire 1007% Market St. -
$10.V> — ("ANDY and Icecream store; more than
$1C5O stock: also factory; fine location; $15
dally receipts. Inquire 1007% Market st., r. 1.
$7.^0— BRANCH bakery, delicacy. candy~and
notion store: 4 nice living rooms and yard?
recpu $10 d.; fine cash trade. 1007% Market.
$'JOO— BKST paying delicatessen r tore in liveli- ¦
«->!t part of city: dally receipts $40; will Ktay
to teach businps?; value in sight. MER-
'-•HANTS' AGENCY. 1008% Market St.
1375— RESTAURANT and cafe seating; 45; {
plenty tableware. French range. 2 gas stoves.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, 1008% Market st. '
$275 — BRANCH bakery and notion store: good
location: good business; 4 living rooms; rent
$15. Merchants* Agency, 10CS% Market st.
$2000— PARTNER: muft be respectable and
eober: cood business; wholesale butter, egi?s
and oh»«se route; pales $150 a day: give ref-
erence and what you have been dolna;; will
give trial. Address box 3204. Call office.
GROCERY store, well stocked and everything
complete for a flrst-class grocery business;
will sell low ari'l on terms* to suit on ac-
count of retiring from business. Address
box 1436. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— A fine hotel business with bar;
at a good point on the railroad In Slsklyou
County; the bar alone pays well. For par-
ticulars address box 1493, Call offlce.
$450 — GOOD paying ' saloon In large town near
the city; reason for celling, going to Europe.
KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
GOOD buslneen cheap, as I must Ko'away; dry
goods, furnishing and notions. 918 Illinois et.
near Union Iron Works.
$1250 CASH or security— Established grocery
.and liquors; splendid location; 4 living-rooms;
Rood stock and trade. 535 Castro st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED cigar etore; must be
f? ., at ° nce ' cheap rent: lease. Box 1226,
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— To buy a* grocery, either with or
without bar; one that will stand close >ln-
vestigatlon. Address box 1402, Call.
FOR SALE— Hotel in Paeo Ttoblex. furnished
complete and paying a good profit. Address
for particulars, box 26S9,- Call offlce.
TEA and coffee route In 8an ' Francisco for
S «\ * r? °°5L clal18 ° r customers and good
profit. Box '2609. Call offlce.
FOR RALE— Grocery and delicatessen: a good
clean stock of goods; average business. $31 50
¦Per day. Bex 1463, Call office.
CA^? Y *,"*¦ notlon «ore for sale In Ala-
Ad e d^ Cl b°o S x I'ag' SOOd trade "
FOR sale— Delicatessen lunchroom; good trade-
fine location for meals. 410 Ninth et;
«'I, * ? R VOVAKTS rnn«lnii».l.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat, 220 Eddy.
MISS WARD clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 017 Market st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs daily. 444^ Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
CAIIPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without, removal; carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop: prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co., 308 Market St.; phones Main 152 and
Bush. 470. ______
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 365-367 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
i WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard jtel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Ft.: tel. Mission 263.
CXOT-CIirg B-SOTATIWg.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
i olty or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel Main 6580.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
S22~60^8~ROOlIS and bath;, furnished or un-
furnished. 137 Julian ave., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
CURES Buri'uuS.
HUNTER'S Positive Rupture Holders. $10; no
discomfort. 1206 Market St.; send for circular.
¦• SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 8. 1002.
Mr. A. Hunter — Dear Sir:
For 10 years I was afflicted with scrotal
rupture. I used all kinds of trusses. Your
.rupture holder has cured me. My health Is
better than It has been for years. Yours truly,
DEIDRICH BENECKE. :
2005 Mission St.
j DENTISTS.
A NEW- plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
. warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c;'
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. . Chicago Dental larlors, 24 Sixth.
DR.' LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old -plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 80c: gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the
Grant .building, • 1095 Market, '-'d floor; all
first-class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, "cor. Bush —
. Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c
ALL work warranted by the New York den-
. tists. . Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surg;eon-dentlst,rl4. 1st
floor." Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: : silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt204 Stittr.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
¦-.-. Patterns cut to measure: eve. class, 1019 MkV.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking -or will go cut ~ 12
per day. 407 Van Ness; phone Mint;i4S6.,
Accordion,! sunburst and knlfe-plaltlngT^StewI
v art'8 button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
LODGING SALE — Con.
45-ROOM corner house; $125 rent; steady and
tranbi-nt trade; my failing health only causa
of selling^ Investigation desired. Box .0U0,
Call office. ¦ ¦
LODGING-HOUSE $250; rent ?20 month: S3
rooms; kept by present owner 5 years: must
eell on account of Blcknes3. 439 Jackson 8t.
LODGING->HOUSE. 18 rooms, for sale; pays
$75 per month over expenses; full all the
time. Box 2663. Call office.
~~ SPIRITUALISM.
MR. E." M. MILLER, automatic slate-writing,
healing and developing. 2500 Mission st. ;
tel. Church 2045. ¦
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market St.. Gait House.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, licensed medium, for
full formB Wednesday eve. 328 "Ills; 50 cts.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
He Is no Imitator. His work is upon original
lines: Pure thought, clear vision. He tells
you what you desire to know and works In the
open light.
( He Is as conspicuous for bis wonderful occult
analysis as he in ¦ for ¦ his original expression
and vivid truthfulness. • .-
A test reading Is not a life reading; when
you cull on Prof. Livingstone he will give you
a full life reading for $1; a test Is of little
value; when the mind Is troubled you. need
more substantial aid and advice; this Is just
what Prof. Livingstone gives you when you call
on him for a first-class clairvoyant reading.
He asks you no questions, but tells you what
you wish to know.
Would It not be a relief to know how you
wili succeed, to be relieved of the matters
that are you, and of . the echemes of
your enemies, that you may meet with better
success?
He 'does not mention all the Ills and misfor-
tunes you are-toeir to; you are acquainted with
the facts in your case: let Prof. Livingstone
analyze the matters that are troubling you,
find the cauee of the trouble and suggest the
remedy."- '
His only reason for giving your name In full
or any Important information ¦ you may desire
is that he does this incidentally as a chain to
read by.
PERMANENTLY I/5CATED 428 EDDY ST.;
3 SEPARATE RECEPTION PARLORS; LADY
ATTENDANTS. HOURS. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
A A — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly "agree and guarantee to
make no charge if 1 fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart Is true or false, whom and when
you will marry. In fact, I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better- than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible -strength »in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I implant the
controlling power In your ¦ nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win.the.one you
love, bring . back your ¦ loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; closed Sunday. , 326 O'Farrell et., 326.
MME.' M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
;' nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
' bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate deecrlption of the past, reveals ¦ the
present happenings and portrays events to
* occur In the tuture; If you are in ' trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, .'-. or :
. have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will -be told
. ¦ how to overcome them : valuable - advice " in
', all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black _¦ 4569.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 "Ellis, clairvoyant crys^
V; tal, seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what. you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
I&MAR, , Egyptian le.eress. The Vendome, 1104
'Market St.. : San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 6 p. m.: Sundays,- 10 to, 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6, to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H. Kronenbers. palmist, clairvoyant, card
; reader: when others fall try me; good readings
25c. 7Z1 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A-Mme/ Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 How_rd,bet.4th&5t_.
THB^CALL
.IOILV D. SPRECKELiS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN SlcXAUGHT Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the. Department You "W ish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F\
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered fcy Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies B C* 1 ;-,,..
Term* ty Mai! Including Postage (Cash WltB
Order > : .o /^
DATLY CALL fir.clud. Sunday), 1 year.. .*8. 00
PAJI-T CALL <includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL— Ey Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year t*' 00
rflBPTr .. I Pally... $S.SO Per Year Eitra
£°R E ]5£ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. , wvekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL TOSTM ASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of ad-
Crts* tY.ou'.i be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
rr'Krpt aad correct compliance with their re-
suesc
OAKLAND OFFICE: ._,.
J016 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: '
H4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL ..Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS ETANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
Tnlcr. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel tr-d Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS ETANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: 1
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
(l<cng Distance Telephone. "Central 2*19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEPKEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
Corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every nipht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
II p. m.
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
r.oo Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C^) McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<15 Lirkin etreet, open until 9:30 p. m.
l&ll Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22<;i Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open until
* p. rn.
KM Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia rtrcet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeayt corner Church ar.d Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Mreetr; open until 9 p. m.
r-^o Fil'more ?treet; open until 9 p. m.
3IEET1XO XOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Council No 2. R. and S. »
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) >fy
DAY EVENING, July 6, at S o'clock. /V\
. for business and degrees. By order of
the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Recorder.
CALirORXIA Lodge of Perfection No. Q
10. A. and A. £. R. 629 Sutter St.— VV
r-allfd mating THIS /V\
EVEKXXG, a l 8 o'clock. Fourteenth
oe-gree. ViEitinc brethren cordially in-
vited. CHAS. JtLLIXEK, Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Loire No. 44, F. and _
A. M. — £taud meeting THIS wv*
(WEDNESDAY! EVENING at 8 JW\
o'clock. Also third degree.
THEO FROLICH. Secretary. '
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F and A. «
M — Stated meeting and third degree YY
THIS EVENING st /V\
7:30 o'clock. Dy rrder of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR L..dee No. 1C6. F. & A. Q
M.— Stated treating THIS (WEDXES- vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:.'5O o'clock. J^TS
H. J- OWEN. Secretary.
" FARNSWORTH Lodge No. 95. L _•)_-»„,.
" O F.— Installation of r,ff.rr-F -'.^S^fr.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT. July 6.«Js3?£?i§
Welcome Hall. M*mbeis will -^ttfjtrr^-
fJease be present. Visitors welcome.
J. P. SINCLAIR, Noble Grand.
G. A. EURMAN. Reccrding Secretary.
MORSE Ixxlfre No. 2T.7. I. O. O. F I^_teZ
— Int-tallati n of officers Tin? -¦"'^H2*>. i 's.
EVENING. July 6 All mexa-^jf^^&m
Mrs art- requested to be present. <*Sr>5^ ?
Visitors, cordially invited
E. F. SCOTT. N. G.
C. EIRND. R€c. See.
NATIONAL Union. Califor- «____B_p--«_
r.:« Council, meet* TO- 43^--^^
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall.
Fourth et.. et 8 o'clock.
ViEitir.g friends cordially invited; initiation.
By crder' C. BEXDEL, President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
OFFICER? and merr.bers cf the _._*__
Servian Montfm grin L. & B. So- Y_?_J
ciety — You are hereby notified to ¦£"..
ettend th» regular quarterly i?iitj_i£ ( *
mating THI? 'WEDNESDAY) _Wf»vJs*
EVENING. Ju!> 6. at 7 :& h'*Sj -I/*]
o'clock Bharr. st 9^9 Market ft. KJ5$5e*TO»
J >. KUKAVIZA. Pres.
M. G. PTANIS1CH, St.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, office of
Secretarr. New York, June 15 1904. Notice
to stockholder*.
To the Stockholders of Southern Pacific
Company:
Notice is hereby sr'.ven that the board of
<Jirectots of the Southern Pacific Company
at a meeting: this rtay held called a special
meeting Bt the stockholders cf said company
to convex at tj.» office of the company In 1
B*f?hrront. Jeff.;^., County. Kentucky, on
v.*on»>5<lay. the twentieth day cf July 1004
et II o'clock a. m.. f!Andard time, to consider
and act tpn resolutions to V* brought before
tfcera at aaid in<-::r,s in Fubs'antially the form
_rdU> the effect fc-lloti-ing. viz-
•¦n^wilvpd <It. that the capital etock <-.f the
Fouthtm Pa. iric O.mpany fc» increased V.ne
fcunarrd niMlion dollars by lesuing one million
fir»-d dollar* <-*ch.' ¦ I
rhall be prffr-r^d stock: that the holders of 1
Mich preJerrr-d *urck shall be entitled to divi-
<•.¦•¦¦-¦ in each fipca! :»ar at tuch rate not ex-
ceeding seven ;*r crnt per annum,' p-jvaMe
ren:i-s.i,nuai:y out of the n-t prcflt*. as "shall I
a?1*E£a £, '£\ i" 5 , _? <lir ~" 1 ~5. before!
?,£*¦ ,£ ?*»^ i .^ declared on the common
latn-e; that thr; hcluers of such i referred «tnr»r
fhall n« by virtu,- thereof b* to any
ether or further thare of the profits of the
company: that, upon the dissolution of the
company, vnlumari'y or otherwise, the holders
of preferred stork rhall h* entitled to have
!_££ (lh * r^ s ™ > d«"*m*d *t par before any dis-
tribution cf any part of th» *r-et 8 of the rr>m
paoy shall r*. rr.ade to th- holders of the com-
mon ttook: that said preferred stock shall b-
ii-sued and Bold from time to time to ruch
• ij^r.tb and in Fl! r h manner as the hoard of
4^ -crs may authorize and determine, but
ae XV: less) than the par value of the «hare«-
th».]£han be convertible into common
thare T,r share, at the option of the ho!de4"
at any tirre ; and shall be redeemable at th-
option of the company ca or at any time after
the fir*t day of July. 191*. and before The flm
day of July. 1910. at one hundred and fifteen
dollars per share. * ""ecu
•'Resolved <S). that the board of directors
"•'£ £* ?¦* th " JP "" her * by authorized to
tablish, from time to time, and enforce Til
euch rules ana regulations respecting the f«
eue. sale, redemption and conversion of such
¦toek. not inconsistent herewith, as in th.
.Judgment of the board may be necessary or
For the purpose of each special meetlnr the
stock transfer books of the company util h»
clofed July 14. 1804. at 3 o'clock p m and
1-roper.ed Thor* day, July 21. 1904. at io o'clock
a. d.
ALEX. MILI— \R. Secretary and Clerk.
THE annual meting of the San Francisco So.
ciety 1ot the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrctt building on
MONDAY. July 18. 1904, at 4" o'clock p m
•¦hen a board of trustees will be elected '
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
1VA.VTED.
AGENTS, wanted to eell our hir_-grade~nur^
eery rtock: liberal commission: cash advanced
on orders: outfit free; experience and capital
not ntce*tary If you have push and energy;
a few choice .. fields still open; write before
aligned. Chico Nursery* Co., Chico. Cal.
BUSINESS getters, acquainted with B. and
L. Insurance or co-operative investments,
'ookinc for b<»tt<?rment. call and Bfc me.
-tcOARVIE. S3 Columbian bldg..O16 Market.
DETZCTIVES throughout State as agents for
Golden Gate Detective ARency. 759 Market it.
A. WEEK'S news for S cent*— The Weekly Call,
16 pates. 1_ wrapper, for mailing, ( rper year.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY, JULY 6. 1904.
13
nKLr WANTED-— MALE — Con. |
WANTED — Foreman pattern-maker, $6 per !
diem; foreman coppersmith, $6 per diem.
Navai Station. Cavite. P. I. An examination
will be held at the navy yard. Mare Island,
Cal., July 10. 1904. to fill the above position*.
For application and further Information ad-
dress "Commandant, Navy Yard, Mar* I*l-
and. Cal."
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-3
Easton ave., St. Louis, Mo.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 patr; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy, r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ghtpy. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson sU
SAILORS and ordinary senmen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st^
PENSION Atty..E.A.Bullls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R. !
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH cfflee of The- Call for the reception
nf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth. I
Open until 11 p. m. i
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your hoes half-eoled while waiting: 2fkj
to 50c. 663 Migglon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— SALESMEN.
WANTED — Solicitors of good address and ap-
pearance: men and women having handled
Investment contracts preferred: salary and
commisstton. 414 Crossley building.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to take good
filing article as slda line; good commission.
414 Poyt st.. upstairs. j
HOUSES AND WACO'S.
FOR pale — First-class buggy horse, 8 year*
old, well bred, sound, gentle and kind; single
or double. Private stable. 3660 Washington st.
FOR sale — Chestnut gelding. 5 yrs. old; size 16
hds. ; perfect horse In all harness; warranted
sound. Address Harry P. Moore, Menlo Park.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horse*, wagon*
surrey 5. buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom St.
; FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed jttr
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
NEW and second-hand wagons, buggies, aur-
revs, cheap at 100 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A business buggy. Box J418. Call
office.
FOR SALE— Light buggy in good coniJlti**.
Box 35S2. Call office.
NEW and second-hand wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. cpp. Franklin.
¦WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. lBth-Vatencla,
CAMPING WAGONS.
2-STORY camping wagon: thoroughly adapted
to the purpose; attached side tent: sleeping
apartment upstairs: complete in detail. J,
I). SMITH. 25 Eddy sf.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
STYLISH sunny residence. 9 rooms; servants'
room In basement. 202S Bush. nr. Webster.
HOUSES TO LET FURXISHED.
TAYLOR. 1416. overlooking bay — Comtortabl*
furn. house. 7 rms.. bath. Open afternoons.
HOUSES FURMSHED — FOR SALE.
FOR sale — In Berkeley, furniture of nicely fur-
nished cottage of 6 rooma: everything
plete. ready to move in; near Key Route and
local train: 1 block from Shattuck ave.; price
$350. Address F. A.. Berkeley Pogtofflce.
INVESTMENTS. ~
A—^ PER CENT G U ARANTEED
Or 5 per cent and Participation In, Profits.
Invested Only in first mortgages.
SAN FRANCISCO AND SUBURBAN
HOME BUILDING SOCIETY.
708 Market at.. S. F.. Cal.
DIRECTORS.
Hon. James G. Masmre. ex-U.S. Congressm'n
Hon. Edw. K. Taylor. ex-State Senator.
Chas. A. Murdock, Pres. C. A. Murdock A Co.
Allen M. Clay. Sec'y Bank of California.
Joseph A. Leonard, General Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
See clv'.Jer.d notice In this Issue.
IN VALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Fames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
LOST A.VD FOUND.
FOUND— The next three months, choicest cut
flower? and all descriptions floral work at
one-third the recular prices; under contract
and must Fell; 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Eutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST— In Sausallto, Sunday, ladles' gold open-
face watch and pin; monogram on back "G.
N. S." Return to or Inform MISS SAXTON.
Sausallto P. O. : reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of Helen Johnson. No. 1S6-144S. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST or stolen, on or about July 2. 1904.
memcrandum-book containing valuable papers
for return of which suitable reward will be
given. Iroquols Hotel. 524 Ellis, apart'mt 605.
LOST — Pair of eyeglasses. Please bring to 231
Po«t St.. room 16: reward.
LOST — Hand bag: Market-st. car near ferry;
reward for return. J..B. L.. Bohemian Club.
LAUNCHES TOE BIEE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNcJTca. foot~of~ciay
. st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co..UnIon-st. Wharf; boat-
Ing _ excursions. 3 Steuart st.; tel. John 268«.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed, lmshj Market »t.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR~NATHAN7~~the "great Ud7es V "~spT-
clailst. Just arrived from the East; guaran-
tees cure or no pay; takes ladies before and
during confinement, with best medical care-
confinement $15; room and board $5 we*k:
Infants adopted. 2WW Market, opp. Valencia.
THE famouse specialist. Drs. Goodwin, departs
for Europe on a 3 months' tour July "• she
will receive any of her patients from now to
July « at 412 Taylor st.. near O'Farrell.
where -she will reside on her return.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL-- All who are «lck or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated-
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is permanently located at 511A
Leavenworth St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES' irregularities cured; 18 years' ex •
.private. DR. SYLVESTER. 210 Kearny st.'
LADIES— Kumround: safe. cure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. snd MRS. DAVIES and HINDOcTheRBs";
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St., corner
, 26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
31ISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.~~
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mclli-
TCSH A WOLPJfAN, 195-197 Fremont •(.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good ovtr old
Iron tin or - shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought. . sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE MCHY. CO... 130-132 Beale at.
A— FINE cults. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 CO. Orlg-
¦ inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday, to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
Clnen. boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITEUAW.253-S55Sneax.U-', J
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market St.
Nice, new 5-rocm cottage; bath; basement;
Bear 24th and Castro sts.: 2 car lines.
Two flats store and 4 rooms; upper 5
rocms: stable; lot 23x114 $n«0O
Corner 2 flats. 5-6 rooms: lot 2SxOI tZ'CO
Cottage of 5 rocms. ba*h, basement. .. .$2«'X>
Cottage. 6 rooms, bath, basement; Post et.
3 mod«ro flats, 6 rooma each: McAllls-
ter st $aC0O
r«Jl.\ T KICH3IU> I> MtlA L fc>TAl_.
FOUR, choice lots for sal*; cheap for cash.
Apply :C3 Bush ft., thinl floor, room 4.
HEAL ESTATE TO EACHANGE,
FOR sale or exchange for real estate— SO rooms.
rent $40: with lease. $5*X>. 547 Howar'l »t.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'MWTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-room baj'-wlndow cottage, porcelain
bath, large pantry, tiled sink, folding doors.
pretty mantel, tinted walls, gas anil electrxj
light fixtures; street work done; concrete
walks around house: large lot: 2 blocks la
R. R. station; 2 blocks to school, church
and stores; price $2250: terms $300 cash,
balance $2O monthly: open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
BIG bargain — House. 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
brick foundation, windmill and tank, chicrk-
en-houjes. stable, fruit tree*, large flower
garden: lot 73xl3ft; street work done; gool
location for residence: price $G250; terms
$Hm\> ca»h: balance name a* rent. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Open Sundays. Lorin station.
South Berkeley.
HERE'S ycur chance — 5-room cottage, bath,
pantry; ctty water: also well water; wind-
i mill «nd lank; chlcken-hou*"?. fruit trees.
flower garden: lot 5<>zl35: street work d^n»;
concrete walks arounJ houiw; 3 blocks to
station, both ferries, school, church, •le'-trif?
cars and stores: price »22T>0; ter— 9 W*«>
cash, balance $20 monthly. O. A. RTJ.
DOLPH. Open Sunday*. L.»rin station.
South Berkeley.
GOOD Investment? Near New Santa Fe.
ALL ON E.\SY PAYMENTS
End of block: 271 fe«-t frontage on track: two
blocks from Berkeley station $-U< »>
Lot SSxlCtfc 1 block from railroad $_n»
Lot 40xl3.V mac; within }- block 943U
Half blt*-k adjotnins R. R property $2«JCO
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number og
cheap »houses.
CHAS A BAILEY. 10.V5 University a— '..
. Near San Pab!o av#., We.«t Berkeley.
TWO 8-ROOM ROC— C- AND ONE .VROOM
JUST FINISHING; STRUCT WORK COM-
PLETE: IF TOU WANT A BARGAIN. (JO
AND SEE THEM: OFFICE ON TRA1.T.
PARKER AND QUANT STS.. 3 HLOOKH
WEST FROM DWIGI1T WAY STATION.
CHENEY A BERRY. POSTOFFICB
BLOCK. BERKELEY STATION.
$3000 — GOOD 2-story house, 6 rooms: modern
conveniences; lot 40x1^5; street wnrk com-
plete: $75t> cash, balance $25 per month, in-
cluding principal anJ interest at 8 per cent:
one block and a half frcm car; 3 minute*'
walk from station; situated at _3o Want
St., near college and schools.
MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. ocp. Berkeley statlcn.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FUR.1ISI1ED HOUSES.
.... „.. , . — .
W ALS WORTH ave.. 410— $."»; modern, new;
rare chance. Apply at hou>e.
OAKLAND FVRXITTR— FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture H.Scbe!lhaa*.llth st.car.store.OakUad.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPIXO.
BROADWAY. 1132 — Two sunny furnished
roomy, front parlor and kitchen, new; batt*
and gas gas stove and coal stove. $11.
BUCHANAN. 1510— Sunny front furnUhed
housekeeping rocms.
BUSH. 2120^ — Two furnished rooms complete &jt
housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. 13<>4 — Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen; connecting; reas. ;no chdn.
CHURCH. 126. near Market— A floor of 3 sun-
ny unfurnished rooms; regular kitchen.
CLAY. 1429. near Leavenworth — 1 large sunny
rm. well furn. complete housekeeping, water.
ELLIS 773 — Part of a newly furnished mod-
ern flat cheap: can range, bath, phone.
ELLIS. 117S — Sunny front alcove and kltcben:
gas range, bath, phone: no children.
ELLIS 1225 — Hanilsomely furnished suit*, wlto
kitchen; alao nice single room; very reas.
FILBERT. 1219—2 unfurnished rooms: refer-
ences: half block Hyde-st. cars; $10.
FOLSOM. Kf — Back an-1 front parlor, fur-
nished fcr housekeeping; others; cheap.
GEARY. 1SC6 — Unfurnlsfcp'l double parlor;
housekeeping; sun all Uay. , „
HAIGHT, 3 — 2 rooms furnished light house-
keeping^
HAIGHT. 222 — 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooma for couple; phone; reference. Call
1-4. 7-0 p. m. _^
HAIGHT, S22 — 2 newly furnished lance sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $19.
HOWARD. 547— Housekeeping rooms; also
single. 75c per week an>l up.
HOWARD. 1C34^ — Nice sunny front and back
parlor; also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 333 — Lanre sunny front parlor; fur-
nished; gas range: $3 50 week: other rooms.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pis^ —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suite*: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LAGUNA. 1027. opp. Jefferson square — Thr««
sunny housekeeping rooms: bath; phone. •
LARKIN.1C07. cor.Post — The Cragaurn. H. Bur-
lingame.prop. : rms.. single A hkpg.apartments.
McALLISTER. 683 — 2 large unfurnished moms
f»r housekeeping. $1S: alao li parlor*. $20.
MISSION. 14.10 — 2 large sunny furnished hous»-
keeptng rooms; gas range, bath, phone.
OAK 117. 538 McAlllstei- — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OCTAVIA. 51— Regular kitchen, bedroom and
parlor: new up-to-date flat: adults; refs.
O'FARRELL 730— Sunny furnished front and
back parlor, complete for housekeeping; reas.
SHOTWELL. 121 — 3 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $14; no children; no ob-
jection to Infant.
VAN NESS. 232—2 and 3 room suites; alao tin-
gle; housekeeping; ausny front; gas rang*.
$il, $12. $16. $20.
WALLER. 71 — Fine sunny rooms In new flat:
sultea $12 up: fine marine view. ;
.--PA—TMESrT BOUSES.
BENTON (The). 8S5 Octavla. opp. beatitlfu!
park — 2 and 3 room apartments, with all
modern conveniences; special reductions for
summer months.
ST. CECTLE. 115 Fell, above Vaa Ne*s ave.—
The icn* of perfection In modern, elegantly
furnished 3-room apartments, with private
laths, steam heat. elec. light, el-v., gas rang;.
SENTINEL (The). 879 Turk, adjacent J#ffer«on
square — Modern sunny apartments of 3 and I
rooms. r*ady for occupancy. Phone Eaat 017.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, corner Van Ness—
Nicely furnished 3-room suite. $24; Z-roooi
¦ult. $13: bath^ J
ALTAMONT. SE. cor. Washington and Mason
3- room apartments, furn. or unfur: private.
EL CAMELLO 1713 Washington— 2 to « room
apartments, newly furn. or unfurn; ninny.
GOLDEN GATE" ave.. 33t>. above Hyde— 8. 3
and 4 room new apartments; also single
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-S
rooms: turn, or unfurn.: ref» Tel. East 133O.
ROOMS TO LET — ~ arn - *"* 5^"?*
A— BRUNSWICK House. USHsixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week a&4
light housekeeping rooms: open all algae
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market *t (or No. t
Fifth at.)— Rooms. 23c. 30c. $1. $1 SO nlgat;
$1 50 to $10 wsek; hous« open all night.
ARDELL, 15 Page — 2 furnished basenieat
hskpg. rooms; yard, gas, sink: $2 week.
BURNETT. 142« Market <otd No. 1364>— ftf<
• clsfaed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnl*o*4.
Continued on Page Fourte*^
M__m_Mfr<'
REAL ESTATE — CTTV— FOR j»AMC.
EASTON. ELDRIDGEnTcb^
S 633 MARKET ST.
$30,000— Howard «.. near Sixth; 63 feet |
frontage; stores and lodging-house*; rent $200 1
per month
$14.000— Rent $125: Improvement*. 8-story
building. 2 flats of S-6 room* and 4 new
stores; 77- foot frontage; Gougb St.. near
McAllister.
$12,500—3 fiats on McAllister st.. near La-
guna; lot 27:6x120 feet: cottage on rear street;
rents $112 60.
$8600—2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms: EUU it.,
near Laguna; rent $62 50; very low.
$8500— Elegant residence. 7 room* and por^
celaln bath; larre basement, furnace, hard-
wood floors, stationary tub*, ele. ; lot 124 foot
frontage on Stanyan St.. near Belgrave ave. ;
mortgage of $6300 can remain; tbls Is a per-
fect beauty; beautifully situated.
$S00O— Fell st.. near Franklin: 27:6x120 feet;
3-story bouse: 2 cottages on rear street.
$5000— 3 new flats. « rooms and bath; elec-
tric llrhts; porcelain tubs, etc.; rents $72 50;
Church st
$7500 — Folsom st. through to Clementina:
160 feet depth: Improvements old: rent $30:
positively the cheapest piece on the street.
$6250— Elegant 2- story high, cement base-
ment residence 10 rooms and bath; rented as 2
flats, $60 per month: Broderlck st.
$6000— Clay it., near Devisadero: 2-story
basement resldenca. containing 7 room* ana
bath: rent $40.
$5250— Clementina st.. near Fifth; 3 flats
of 5-6-6 rooms; rent $50; could easily be In-
$3O0O^-Llberty St.. 2 cottages: positive bar-
rain. : 1
$1900— Cottage in the Mission: 4 room* and j
bath- large basement: stationary wash tray*. {
patent flush toilets brick foundation: rented .
for $17 50 per- month; term*, one- half cash.
A FEW MORE PICKUPS FOR THE FUTURE
IN BUILDING LOTS.
$7500— NW. corner of Bu«h St.. not far from
Buchanan; 05 foot frontage.
j(140O— Preclta ave.. near Folsom st.
$850 each— 2 lots on 21st ave.. near A *t.
$300 each— 2 lots on M St.. near 13th ave.
EASTON ELDRIDGE A CO.
633 Market st.
I . ' , .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our new office at Oceanslde attract* attention.
But nothing like our new lots.
S Everybody wants tb;m: Mlect one quick.
$500 to $1200 — easy termsi
On car line and fronting park; unobstructed
view of ocean; all graded, ready to build on.
"Oceanslde" Branch Offlc* corner 47<h ave.
and H st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$75 to $250— Near park and ocean: $5 monthly.
J250 to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; In-
stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
$!)30 to $5000— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead; tasy terms.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave.. near H st.
SOL GETZ _ SON, Owner* and Dealer*.
Room 54. Fourth Floor. Chronicle Batlding.
$1 25 PER week: no Interest: lot* In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
on- close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 ' Montgomery st.. room 8.
BUILDING~CONsfRUCTION COMPA NT.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 312 Callafhan bid.,
will build on your property cr buy you a lot;
$<> a month pays principal and Interest; on
each $1000 of balance due. making your In-
stallments less than rent; »cnd for circular.
$11.500 — THREE new modern 6-room Hats;
rent $126O per annum: Frederick st.. bet.
Athbury and Clay too. Apply J- H- KRUSE.
Twenty-third and Shotwell sts.
COLONIAL houses containing 2 flats of fl
room* bath each; close to park; $6500; easy
payments. B st. and Fourth ave.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of, build-
ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-9 Crocker building. *
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BA CH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
HEAL ESTATE— Country— ~o> S«l«.
™ WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERTWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$0 per acre — 3600 acre*, comprising the finest
stock ranch In Huroboldt County; finest ranch-
house In the county: 2 smaller dwellings, with
several very large barns; all under the best of
fence and crossfenceJ: good supply of timber;
present owner amassed a large fortune; several
thousand sheep, 1UO head or cattle at market
price; 200O acres more land if desired.
$260O — Only 3 miles from Santa Rosa; COO
acres; 20 acres under cultivation; balance tim-
bered pasture; 4-room house; large barn; run-
nlns water.
$J-'5O— In town of Petaluma; 2VS acres: mod-
ern 4-room house, barn, poultry house*, brood-
ers- 2 wagons, harness. hor»e. Jersey cow;
450 hens: all In fruit; 20.000-gallon reservoir;
phctos at office.
$t&00 — On Marsh Creek, near LJvermore; 6S0
actes; 350 tillable, balance wooded pasture;
fair house, large barn; wagon shed, poultry
houses; water piped to buildings.
jlllif-S acres; -ij miles of Sebastopol: 4
acres berries, 1 acre orchard, balance crops;
4-room house, barn, spring wagon; tools; fur-
niture: part cash.
S.15C0 — Complete sawmill, equipped with mod-
en, machinery; water power; capacity 10.000
feet per day; 4 horses; blacksmith shop and
tool*: half 'cash or lumber at market price.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
$4500—2 miles from Santa Rosa; 41 acres
rich soil, well fenced; 5-room house, 2 barns,
poultry houses; 2 acre* assorted fruits.
$1600— Near Sonoma City; 41* acres; family
orchard; new house, barn, poultry houses; over
20>* chicken*.
. $27C0 — Lake County, 3 miles of town; 81
acres, all fenced and crossfenced; 4O under
cultivation: 20 acres alfalfa land: small vine-
yard: 2 acres orchard; ti-room bouse, barn,
windmill and tank.
$1100—4 acre* fine land near Haywards; 3-
room house; Junction 2 roads; great place for
roadhouse.
$25CO — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co.:
stage station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling 1UOO acres range; » acres bearing
orchard; hay land; good bouse and 4 cottages,
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; horses;
farming Implements; see this quick.
52500— In Sonoma Co., near boat and car*;
162 acres; some orchard and vineyard; corn
and grain field, garden, berries; 6-room house,
a'l furnished; 2 horse*, spring and road wagons,
harness, tools, cow. poultry: $200 Job if de-
slred. ALFALFA LANDS.
(100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; 5 acres
up; M cash.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto: 20 acres
up. Hi cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbrldgo
Ca:la " GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We hav e Eastern buyers for first-clasa farm
pn p«.rty and | poultry farms.
$20 per acr« — Rich river bottom land; all
ditched for Irrigation; Plac«r Co.. or^e mile of
town and railroad.
$17 per acre — Finest stock ranch In Placer
Co.- 1C80 acres; at railroad station; 500 acres
bottom land for alfalfa, balance rolling; all
can be plowed: carry 400 head; dwelling, 3
good barns, farming Implements. 90 cattle, 12
hones; part cash.
$;."ihi — o0 acres, 1H .miles of town, Santa
Clara Co.; 20 acres bearing trees and vines;
1 nice cottage, outbuildings, reservoir; fine In-
come: would trade city ur Oakland property.
$650 — 3 miles of Geyservllle: 2H acres; 6-
room house, large barn. S good wells; rolling.
all In vineyard: oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$ti3C0 — 10U acres: 5 miles from San Jose: 14
acres level bay land; 7 acres full bearing
prunes; 7-rooro house, bath, well, windmill
and tank.
$3750.— Sonoma Co.. one mile of One town; 10
I acres all In peaches and prunes, with fin*
I crop of corn between rows; modern cottage. 5
1 rooms and bath. well, windmill and tank;
j Russian River bottom: the real thing.
j $10,000— On Alum Rock ave.. 3 miles of San
! Jose; 20 acres full bearing prunes and apricots;
• drying plant; nice 5-room cottage, grounds,
•tables: electric cars pass door; Income $2000;
would take clear bay property In exchange.
$1500— Half-mile live town. Sonoma Co.; 4
acres Russian River bottom land; none finer;
nlc* shade trees, house and bam; great poultry
farm: easy terms.
$2750 — 160 acres fine foothill land in Contra
Costa Co., near Clayton; 80 acres plow land,
balance pasture; 4-room house, good barn;
water piped to buildings; family orchard; part
cash.
Send stamp for the largest and most di-
versified printed list on the coast.
- WHITE _ BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. room 9.
Property Exchange* a Specialty.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bergalns: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOO5TER CO.. tiis
Market *t. .
FOR sale — A 0-room residence In Redwood
City; mod. Imp. C CUSSEN, Redwood City..
SS^^^_gb — MALE— Cootlnned,
A— MURRAT A READY. CLAY sfiT"
Phone Main 5S4S.
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We »peak the German, French. Italian,
Scandinavian, Greeli, Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages
m£«\*f Ga «* 1004 We Hope t0
UJ.0O0 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
He has arrived. Now at our office.
«epre*entativ> of United States Government
« ork being done close to Wadsworth. 1
In State of Nevada.
Free fare to one, to all, to you.
Muckers, $75.
Teamsters, $75.
Laborers. $75. ,
Drillers. ?»0.
Concrete mixers. $75.
Call early; see 'representative at our office;
»"t-cl*« food and accommodations; steady
s SANTA FE R R.
10S0 Mile*. FLORENCE. $10 .V).
,. ARIZONA.
* 1a P— scott. s P. M. daily
Prilitrs. f i to $3 60. Center
Teamsters, $2 to $2 P0. of
Laborers. $2 to $2 60. Great Mines.
TO LOS ANGELES.
Every day; big wages.
I • 655 Teamsters.
I $60 Month for You.
I Fare by Railroad— Only— $4 60.
Office Fee $1 — That s All.
These carce at midnight by phone, tele-
graph, special mall delivery.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, slaughter work, ranch, fare $1 25.
$50 and found
COOKS.
3 cooks, bearding hotels. $40 and $55 found.
Tamale maker, country Job. $40 and found.
4 dish and pot nachcrs, i-l- and $3O found.
Bedmaker, country hotel. $22 SO found.
WAITERS.
Walters, fare $2. same place, $43 found.
Walter, first-class city hotel. $35 found.
Walter. $1 75 fare. $S week and found.
3 waiters, city hotels. S. F.. $30 found.
& porters and bellboys.
LAUNDRY HELP.
S!ee\-e ironer, country, fare $1 25, $5 week.
Body Ironer. country, fare $1 25. $10 week.
Polisher*, ironers.
Ironer. polisher, country, fare $1 25. $15
¦week.
Ironer. $12 week; mangle hand. $10 week.
Man fcr second-hand furniture store, $80 to
$100.
MECHANICAL. .
Painter, carriages. wa«ons, fare $1 20. $50 fd.
Shingle Jointer. L. Co.. Sonoma Co., $30.
$35 found.
Ironmolder. fare $1, foundry, $3 to $3 50 day.
4 plumbers. f4 day, ccur.try-
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenter*, fare $1 30, $3 00 day.
Carpenter, plain work, city factory. $2 50
day.
Wheelwright, carriage works, $3 day.
Carpenter, fare 0<ic. 54 day.
LUMBER, ETC.
Planer man and bookkeeper, lumber company
Grader, lumber company, north. $00.
Tail edgerman. fare $3. $2 25 day.
Gang edgerman. lumber company.
Spooltender. lumber co., south, $50 found.
12 coopers, slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
6 cash and door hands. $3 50 day.
2 lumber irraders. boss here. $90.
Sticker hand, city Job, ?3 W) to $4 day.
Lumber grader, bo?* here. $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, $40 and found.
Bess woodman, north, boss here, $r»0 found.
Gang edgerman, lumber company, $75.
Head donkeyman. JtU> and found.
Losgor who understands rieging, $60 found.
Lcgger. Dolbeer donkey. $75 and found.
3 men make staves and ppllt staves, red-
wood, boys here. $50 found; 2 screw turners.
Ox teamster. $50 and found: 2 carriage ?»et-
tet-9; hook tender; 5 shirele packers; sticker
hand; 25 laborers; lumber company; you'll
FUlt.
Molder.
155 Woodchoppers.
155 Tie and Picket Makers.
Tools, provisions, all found: goo.1 prices'.
MISCELLANEOUS JOBS.
Man run separator. 12 cows, boss here, $35
and found.
Laborer, do a little butchering, mine. $32 50
and found.
Cfjoreman. ranch, south. $35 and found.
Gang charcoal burners 10c to 15c sack
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers. $30. $35 and found.
12 farmers. $30 and found.
14 eboreroen. hoys. $30 tp $15 and found.
12 stablemen. $30 and found. $60, $75.
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS.
22 laborers and teamsters. $2 and $2 25 flay.
12 laborers for mines, you'll suit, $30 found
MAR.RIED.
Man and wife, fruit ranch. Placer County,
1*0 and found.
4 farmers and wives. $40. $50. $60 and fd.
FOR A MINE.
Chrreman and wife. German or French, $60
snd found.
MURRAY A READY.
634-636 Clay st.
SAN BERNARDINO COCNTY.
12 teamsters, two horses. $2 day.
Near Redlands. Highlands and Riverside.
Oranges and lemons grown year round.
BAKERS.
Pastry baker, hotel, fare $1 30. $50 found.
Fecond baker. Santa Cruz Co.. $10 week fd.
Baker, city bakerv. $40 and found.
SEXTON
For a Catholic church, fare J>Oc, $25 found.
Solicitor, city store. $50.
SPECIAL.
'? muckers, gold mine, $67 50.
2 miners, gold mine.- boss here, $75.
2 wool pullers for Wa?hinirton State.
Office boy and answer phone.- $20 found.
PATTERNMAKER.
Patternmaker, country. Iron works.
Plasterer, city, $5 day: cook, lunch saloon.
MURRAY A READY. C34-C36 Clay «t:
GREEKS OR ITALIANS.
15 laborers for Los Angeles, $1 75 day. board
yourselves.
MURRAY A READY. 634-633 Clay st.
BOSS HERE. 11 A. M.
Bathhouse attendant, $30 and found.
Towel washer and helper, hotel, springs. $25
acd found.
MURRAT A READY. 634-636 Clay *t.
A CLERK for our employment office; call 5:30
p m.: youns man.
MURRAY & P.EADY. «34-63<5 Clay st.
BARBER chairs; 7 leather covered Columbia
revolving; also 7 tubs, porcelain, and fix-
tures, a fine furnace and 2000 gallon tank;
all In fine condition; s<?ll s-parate or to-
gether cheap. 8TOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue sriving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Ipstitute. Grant b\ig.. 1095 Market St.
YOUNG men ,ererywhere. copy letter* home
evenings; $3 50 week. Rend addressed en-
velop* for particulars. Manarer De.pt, S4, box
1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 025 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7. for free information as
to position;, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenines
GOOD clerk for grocery store: German pre-
ferred. HOFFMAN BROS.. 21th and Church.
DISHWASHER wanted; wage* $20. Call 230
Douslae* at/
ELEVATOR boy. 120 Ellis «t. \
WANTED — Man to work around the place.
1443 Harrison rt. '.V-. -
BOY wanted to work at painting. Call 810
Laguna et., 6 p. m. **. -y-i
WANTED— Strong boy; $5 per week. 3372
Mission «t. - ¦ ¦•- '•¦;,'
WANTED — Carriage painters at Oakland Car-
riage Manufactory. 336 Telegraph ave.
BARSERS — Three-chair *hop for sale; no rea--
scnafre offer refused. 1C90 Valencia et.
FOR rrnt — Nice, neat barber shop. " Inquire
Gem Grocery. 500 Ehotwell st. -
ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; . only
eight weeks tequlred ; positions secured: con-
vtant practice and expert Instruction; special
offer and catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay «t.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprietor^ has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
FURNITURE salesman wanted; one well
posted in new and second-hand goods; no
other r.eed apply. H. SCHELLHAAS.Oakland.
BARBERS — For sale cheap; whole or half In-
terest In 2-rhair shop doing good business.
Box 322». Call office.
WANTED— 250 men to try the cleanest and
- tnoft comfortable lodging-house In city, 10c
to 25c. "The Be«t." 607 California st.
2-CHAIR barber fhop In Alemeda; must be sold
at once. 2337 Railroad ave., Alameda.
i BARBER »hop for sale; 3 chairs. 2C2 Mc-
AllUter *t.
¦
SKILLED and unskilled help. Central Laun-
dry Co., 411 Shotwell Ft.
WANTED— -Man 'to do Janitor work for his
tuition In 6. .F. Barber School. 741 A Howard.
HAIGHT teache* the barber trade free at 647
Commercial *t.
A profitable nutlng: pick hops In August/Write
E.CLEMENS HORST CO.,122Battery M..S.F.
OBTAINED FROM AN T 1\ T ~ A YV/AM^T MW& I XT TTIP V> K -1 1
investment— \ N A WANT AD IN THE CALL
3I^CJEIiLA.\E^U^JFjOR^AXE — Con.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watche* and Jewelry for sals on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gertts' full-dress rental parlor*,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs. ..
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hat*. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.: Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form • shoes at $2 50; wo pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOR sale— First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021 % Market at.
AWNINGS, tents, new, eecond-hand. SUN TENT
A AWNING CO.. 42 Spear St.; tel. John 6486.
! FOR sale— Young chickens. 30c and 35e; hens,
I 40c. 900 Treat av«., near Twenty-second st.
i PIGEONS — Homers, runts, all leading varieties;
stamp for catalogue. C. Wilson. 229 Stevenson.
SAFES and desks: new and second-hand; prlc'w
right at Richardson Bros'., 1816 Market st.
TENTS for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING CO.. 35 Mkt.Tel.Bush S58.
BRITANNICA Encyclopedia, latest edition. 31
vols. KING'S. 81 McAllister St.. nr. Market.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bacl-
galupi, moved to 768 Mission st.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap: some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montr y.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK A CO.> 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post it.
SAFES — New and second-hand. _ B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E, DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds rents' full dress suits, etc.; tend
postal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
WANTED to rent— Serviceable gasoline launch,
about 25 feet longf period of eight months ror
traveling on river. Call 317 Davis st.
A— MORRIS gives highest prices for ladle*'
and gents' cast off clothing; postl. 943 Folsom.
HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing. TeL
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento St.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th it.; tel. Jessis 2851.
DESKS bought, told and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
money to loan.
aXC^^1eKma!T"1Surphy]
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter,
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
/ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d cr 3d
Mortgage, on real estate ct
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rats of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
— Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
• : ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
> anyone; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds,- Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
••curlty; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., -21 Stockton
ft. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 90"" Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stone* bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 blxtk st.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loan* to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
3% ON furniture A pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy «t.
1V4 PER cent on furniture and pianos: no com.
charged. ELFVINO. <M« Heartt bid.. Ex. ent.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MOREI.L. COft Examiner bulMlnr.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for. renting pianos, both
new and sevond-ha'nd, from $j 50 per month
upward. We have at this time some yptendiii
bargains for piano purcha<tpr5 (live us a
tall. We can assure you prompt, courteous
and liberal treatment. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. SU0-G2-C4 Hayes st.
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chickerlng. Vose,
Ktelnway, Steck. Sterling, Curtaz. Neuman.
Erard. Haines and many others ; prices rea-
eonalile; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ A SON. 1« OFarrell st.
AFTER the .summer is over you cannot get
such bargains and terms as you can get now;
uprights from $50 up; rent? $2 up, apply i.n
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO., 239-237 Geary
•*t. f Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A FISCHKR upright piano for sale; as Rood as
now; $135. '„" Geary st.
AT firewood prices; unredeemed storage pianos
and furniture. Whltehead's storag e .lCJ6 Mkt.
$C0 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale- 185
STATHAM. 110 McAllister st.
8O11MER. Byrvii' Mauzy pianos Ce~e!!an piano
£j player. BYRON MAUZY. :!08-:U2 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITX & CO.. lti McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chiekerin* baby grand-
Shonlnger. little used Keeffe's. 2S3 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AND PlTjLOWS^
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
procefs); exc-llem carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1412».l4 Howard St.; phone South 216.
OFFICES A.VI) STORES TO LET.
STORE to let. suitable for butcher' Inquire
grocery store. Sacramento and Spruce sts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR.-C. C. O'DONNELI^-Offlee and residence
1021'yA Market St., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. "P^ 1 *"?;
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor" to" Dr. ' LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
"by use .of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
. ease» cured. by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay *t.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st., tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
,-"" :1 . ; . -" patkjstts. ~
INVENTIONS patented^ F. P. MEDINA, at-
• torney-at-law, 0 Hobart bldg., 533 Market st. d
I'lKXITlltE FOR SALE. j
> • sa rxy $75 wcrth of furniture Tor $7 50
¦ *n<l $1 50 per wit. T. Brilliant' •
•ure (.;., 340 Po«t «.. near Powell.
in Auction House. 10 Turk. nr. Ma-ket
• -r— everything ?or the nous*: low prices'
VLK— Several carpet* i a good condition
f] \ 14: '.». Call office.
¦ ¦ :TyKE^ 5-rcca Cat for eale. Box
~MTURT. . *tov«*. bought, sold, exchanged.
K--i.-er. «o» Tel. Church 3ST9
>¦ fRMTt R E_VVANT_D.
ABELEVY^ ""
Faiwroom. 11S5 Market *t. Tel. Je*»le 761.
V mi t sell your furniture, curpets. office fur-
i.:-jre. etc. until you get hi* estimate.
i HAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fnr-
. ¦tBre.carT*t..rtc 7PJ Mission; teL Bush 413.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
ATTENTIO^l^t'eTTe'^F^^
e-ascn—10 waitresses for Lake Tahoe Tiv-
'T*t,-^' ar * p * id * n<1 Bee proprietor here
all *\edne*cay morning, also in the after-
r.oon frcm 2 to 4:30; 2 chambermaids for
Ltke Tahoe. must be willing to wait table
when rushed. $23. fire paid. All particulars
Fiver at MISS PLUNKETTS 425 Putt-r
tt.. near Powell; telephone Main 5472.
A FIRST-CLABS laundres* for private fam-
!Iy. $»; a chambermaid and seamstress for
private family, city place. $25; a nurse for
two rery ycrong children. $25. MISS PLUNK-
ETT. 425 gutter tt.. near Powell.
WANTED-Tro cooks, German style, no wash
»40; two waltrewes fcr resort, $25: or will
take a man and wife for the dinlng-ronm.
$50: — aitnes*. country hotel. $25; first-cla?s
waitress and parlor maid, private family.
$30. tee lady here this a. m. ; cook for chlt-
«roR. $2<>: 18 girl* for general housework
aj»d cocking, city ana country. $20, $25. $30.
Arr'-y ?o J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter.
A — WANTED — Girl* to !»am hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught frcm A to Z
in 2 meekt; tuition $5 to tho*e entering row;
X positions to fill Immediately; positions
roarante^! at $10 per week up; leading
•chool in West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall *ea-
¦ob; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; position as trimmer*,
caleslaiflea. etc. guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
. day acd evening da**. 143 Stockton et.. r. 13.
HairfireBslng. trasicurin*;, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous i_lr: $5 2
w-ks. : Aay. eve. class: positions secured, highest
— utrrt. P.emoved from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
—ADIES wasted everywhere copying letter* at
hem# evenings cr spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.. No.
S4. Ninth Ft.. Philadelphia. Pa,
WANTED — Experienced raleslady to take
<>-arge of veiling department: jrood salary to
right party. Box 3212. Cail office.
WANTED — Tcung laJy in a comedy sketch;
must b* a professional and do a strong spe-
cialty. Box 32C*. Call office.
A GIRL for cooking anl hoaseirork. 1134 El-
* 11* st.
GIRL fcr gereral housework: email family;
wages $20. 733 Cole «t.. near Waller.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GIRL wanted tr> do light housework. 1309
Utah St.. near Twenty-fourth.
WANTED — Manple girl Bad Ironer. S372 Mis-
sion £t.
WANTED — La£y who understands music;
•¦alary $300 per year; first-class references
. required; university society. Box 1433. Call.
WANTED — A girl fcr general housework and
plain cooking; wages $20. Apply ISIS Pine st.
tKILLED and unskilled help. Central Laun-
dry Co.. 411 Shotwell «t.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p.m.. Wednesday; tal— y no object.
A PROFITABLE outing: pick hops in Augs»t.
Write E. Clemens Horn. 122 Battery st.S F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, rubscriptlons received at
Coil branch of Sce.cor. Duncan and Church ets.
A BRANCH cfflee of The Call for the reception
et advertisements and subscriptions bas b««n
<per.e<J at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
"p-n until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED — —ALB.
AT C. E. HANEEN & CoT'S Emp. Agenu
4_> Bush st. — 642 Clay «.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Muckers. $75.
Laborers. $73.
Teamster*. $75.
Drillers. $30.
Concrete miners, $75.
Teamster* — Clark'* cew Salt Lake R- R. !n
Southern California, near Los Angeles, $60.
Special rate fare. $4 65.
Tireber setter and framer. $3 60 a day. for
railroad tunnel, north.
Wagonmaker. who understands repairing
logging wheels. $3 50 a day.
Gang edger fcr legging camp. $3 a day.
TaJI edger for logging camp. $2 10, $2 25 day.
n. city, $25 and found.
Gardener. $27 50: milkers, farmers.- $30. $35.
Second cock. tZZ: vegetable man, $30: d!sh-
«a«-her. S3O. see boss here this mornlnc: 2
•-:.>¦ tronerc. $35. fare paid; cooks, porters,
waiters, bellboys, city and country. $15 to
$C0.
C. R. HANEEN — CO Emp. Agents .
42a B— a gt 642 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
F. M. GUNN. . 638 Commercial *t-
Phone Main 1191. 6 door* off Kearcy st.
Nevada — The Land of Bir Wages.
Teamsters. $2 8O; laborers, $2 CO; concrete
mixers, $2 fiO; drillers, $3 15 day, see boss
here.
FLORENCE. ARIZONA.
Ehip to-day. B'.g wages. Fare $10 SO.
CLARK'S RAILROAD.
New work. Teamster*. $60; ship to-day.
WOODCHOPPERS.
20 w-oodchopper*. 4 ft. wood. $1 SO cord,
. tool* and provisions furnished, see owner
here; 10 wood choppers.. Tuolumne County, 4
ft. wood, $1 50 cord (all are for large mining
companies); 2 milkers. $£5 and fd; plenty of
other job*. Call and eee ui.
COOK and wife as eecond for cprings. $100;
cook and helper, country resort. $100: board-
Ing-houfce cock. $45: fry cook. $14 week;
•even's lunch man. $45; 2 hotel waiters. $30;
m alter and wife, $50: second cook, miners'
boartinc-house. $40; porter for resort. $25
and others. J. F. CHOSETT _ CO., 62S
Eacraiaemo at.
DONKEY engineer. $50 and found: screw turn-
er, V, r j and found; blackrmith and horseshoer.
f3 day; ahirt polither. $2 50 day; carpenter,
$3 JM) to $4 day: separator man. $33 and
• found: 2 men about place,. $23 and $30 and
found; 2 plumber* for country. $3 day; farm-
er*: machine men, $3 day. and other*. J. F.
CRQSETT A CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
«i42 Commercial «t., near Kearny.
Phone Bush ES3. John L Drcchsler.
Bo«th America— Shift bo** mine, .$125 gold
found, free fare; 10 laborers, mountains, £45
found; 8 laborers, pipe and phone gang. $4S
four.d: 15 laborer*, part free fare, $2 23;
donkey engineer, woods. $50 found: 2"> men
for woodt; 50 men for mills; 20 fanner* and
milkers; Arircna and Net-ada: ship to-day;
machine iminer; 3 cracker*.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agent*. S5 Third *t.
Ftableman, city, $50
Teatr.rter*. r'ty. $1 50 and board. -
CaTenter. foreman, city.
Pips line. Monterey Co., laborers, $2 S3.
NEVADA. NEVADA. NEVADA.
Tramstem. $2 W; labo— r*. $2 60.
Boss here, give* written g-oarastee to
Refund fare In 10 <iar». ...
RED CROSS EMPLOYMENT ACENCT.
C"2 Cay St.; phone James 247*.
JO laborers in tcountams $2 25 day.
2 rlptaw men. box factory. $2 70 day.
2 r»taw men. box factory. $3 day.
NEVA DA— Oovernrner.t Work— Nevada.
Te*rr.*ter*. drillers, mucker*, laborers. $2 to
<2 80 day.
A BLACKSMITH on ali-rcund work for coun-
try shop, short diftance. $3 a day: a young,
•light man as second coachman. $40. room
• nd board, don't apply wtthrrut reference*.
MISS PLCNKETT. 425 Putter St., nr. Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12—
Kecond cock, $60. vegetable man. $30- dish-
washer. $."»; head waiter. $30; man to work
on lawn. $26 and foand.
WANTED— Experienced crockery and glass
r-are packer. Apply between 9 and 11 a m
«t HALE UROS.'
WANTED — Voting man from 1« to IS year* of
«F* for office mork. Apply between 8 and
11 s. m. «t HALE BROS.*
WANTED — 1 cr 2 men to learn a good trade-
«ea«Jy work: no night cr Kunday work- $25
>«"-urity needed. Apply 210^ Folsom. upstairs.
RELIABLE man handle pood*; steady em-
r'">ment: pays good; call to-day. 1118 Mar-
ket et.. room 1.
CAK!> writer — Good business opportunity In a
r'.ty nesr Pan FrancJf?o await* a *r,ber, in-
d—trlous cord writer. Addrew box 3210, Call
PERSO.y ALS. j V
WILLIAM COX JOHNSON, who about the
year 1833 was residing at N'ewtown, Sydney
New South Wale*. Australia, and' Is believed
to have left there for California. America, Is
or his representatives are requested to com-
municate to advantage with Messrs. Head A
Hill, solicitors, 3 Raymond buildings. Gray's
Inn, London, England.
A SUIT or overcoat. Including one extra pants
free made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made If you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS, 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.'
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, s sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price ftOc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Kemedy Co.,13a>» Polk
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' expert- i
ence treats drug- habits by the safest meth- .
ode; correspondence solicited; strictly confi- j
dential. Box 3234. Call office. <
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting ,
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by [
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central I
Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured, r
"VITAL ring" produces healthy circulation, j
curing organic weakness, 'drains, varicocele. I
etc.; easily worn; $2 50 postpaid; physicians.,
recom. them. Dr.Burnard Co.. 140 Geary. S.F. •
AT l»ss than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats '
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
1 TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
1 BEST white lead 7c per pound; to painters
less. BUTCHER. 741 Mission st.
FRANK oT O^NEILL: Send addresa~to H. E^
2046. Call office; something important.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A. W.Traverse.1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Actina restores lost eyesight ; cures deafness and I
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia !
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 600. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wtgs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 rages. In wrapper, for • la'llng. $1 per rear
PALMISTRY.
A — MME. LYMAN, scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4611.
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT.
BOOKS examined and reported upon, opened,
closed or systematized; periodical audits and
bocks kept for firms or corporations who do
not desire to employ regular bookkeeper.
Terms reasonable. J. R DAY. public ae-
countant. r. 608 Mills bdg., phone Main 5!>_
~~ FROl^OSALS.
PROPOSALS will b« received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
July 26, 1904, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare Island. Cal., and Puget Sound.
Wash., as specified, a quantity of deck
scrub brushes, green baize, braid, Irish
linen, curled hair, broken stone, sand, lime,
brick, glass. Iron and brass nuts, etc., lag
screws, washers, railroad bolts, screws, nail*,
copper brads and tacks, steel wire, locks,
miscellaneous hardware and hand tools.
. grindstones, shovels. Port Orford cedar, Ore-
gon pine plank and piles, redwood, shingles,
sugar pine, rtr, doors, bar Iron, slab zinc,
corrugated sheet steel, sheet tin. solder, etc..
rails, rosin, lampblack, phosphide of cal-
cium, gasoline, polishing paste, petrolatum,
damar varnish, cast iron pipe and fittings,
valves, pea b-ians. string beans, tinned corn,
tinned peas, -tinned tomatoes, tinned lard,
tinned roast beef, tinned corned beef, tinnol
ham, pickles, salt. tea. rice, evaporated
cream, tinned biscuit, macaroni, prunes,
rubber bands, blank books, press copy books,
miscellaneous stationery. Ink. erasers, pen-
cils, tags, wrapping paper and typewriter
paper. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the navy pay offices, San
Francisco, Cal., and Seattle, Wash. H T.
B. HARRIS, Paymaster General, U. S. -N.
¦_ 6-23-04.
UNIVERSITY OF. CALIFORNIA. Berkeley—
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men: Notice is hereby given that sealed
bids are soilclted for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials tor fire escapes
for Hearst Hall, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office of
the regents. South Hall. Berkeley, at or
before 5 o'clock p. m. of July 7. 1804.
Plans and specifications of sakl fire escapes
have been adopted and may be examined
daily at the oftlce of the resents from 9 a. m.
until 4 p. m. No bids will be considered
unless accompanied by a certified check or
tond of bidder, in favor of the Regents of
the University of California, equal to ten
(10) p«r cent of hi* bid. with sufficient
purities, conditioned that If said bid be ac-
cepted, the bidder will duly enter Into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the
•Juty and obligations in accordance with said
bid' and with the plans and specifications
which :ire hereby required to be a part of
»uch contract. The right .to reject any or all
bld< Is hereby reserved. By order of the
Regents' Committee on Grounds and Build-
Ing?. V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
OFF.ICE C. Q. Mm Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. July 5, 1JKM. — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. August 4, 1004. for furnishing
forage and bedding at posts In this' depart-
ment, for year ending June 30, 1905. Infor-
mation furnished liere or by quartermasters
at posts. U. S. reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Forage and
Redding at " addressed F.'G. HODG--
SOX. C. Q. M.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BTwi^ENDnSotlce^ P?ioen7x^aTingaC^Bnlla^
Ing and Loan Association — For the six
months ending June 20. 1904, dividends have
been declared on deposits in the saving de-
partment as follows: On term certificates, at
the rate of 5 oer cent per annum; on ordi-
nary cavlngs accounts, at the rate of 4Vj
per cent i>er annum, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after July 20. 1004. The "Phoe-
nix" has n guaranteed capital of $200,000 and
a tfltal paid In capital of $1,200,000. Its
board o£ directors are: A. A. Watklns. presi-
dent; Charles R. Bishop, vice president: S.
y Prentiss Smith, trensurer; George C. Board-
man, director; Gavin McNab. ¦ director:
Charleo E. Ladd, director.
CLARKNCE GRANGE. Secretary and Man-
aging Director.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National Bank
of San. Francisco, at a regular meeting
I of th« board of directors of this bank, held
- July •*>. 11*0 1. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30. 1004. at the
rate nf seven (7) per Cent per annum, pay-
- able on and after the 15th Inist. : transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the 15th
lnst., both days Inclusive.
GF.O. GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, July 5, 1901.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco and Sub-
urban Home Building. Society, fifth floor,
! Mutual Saving.* Uank building. 708 Market
»t.. opposite Third — For the half y?ar end-
ing June :S0, l!»04, a dividend - has been de-
clared at the. rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital »tock and participating cer-
tificates, free from t»xes. payabl-s on and
after Friday. July !, 1904.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
HUGH CRAIG. Secretary and Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice: California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the tlx months ending
, June 30. 1904. dividends have been declared
en deposits in the savings department of tnia
company as follows: On term deposits, at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on
1 ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
¦ per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Friday. July 1. l*>04. •
J. DALZELL BROWN. Mans ger.
Dividend notice— The Giant Powder Co.. Con.
A dividend. No.- 67. of fifty cents <50c) per
• share on the Issued capital stock of the com-
pany has been declared payable at office of
the company, rooms 202. 204 and 20fl Kay-
ward bldg.. San Francisco, on July 11. 1004.
Transfer bookt close July 5. 1904 at noon.
R. H. RENNIE. Secretary, pro tern.
TO^WMIIB^ ABrjDJlTXPPjLIIJS.
AN exceptionally good' No. 2 Remington. No.' 1
¦ Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriting .Exchange. 536 California *t.
A FEW good typewriter* at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. •
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
v~vvx
MOTHERS' and ; daughters' home ..treatment;
booklet ¦ mailed free: correspondent- invited.
VI A VI CO., 23W Van Ness ave.HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs 4s: c .
200 to 250 lbs, '4 %c; 130 lbs and under 4i*c :
over 250 lbs, 4}ic; soft Hogs, nominal;' Sows,'
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock. 1 delivered in San Francisco, less Co
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: '
CATTLE— Steers, 7U@7V4c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5>/6ifiti',ic: thin Cows, . 4@5c ' per lb."'
CALVES— 4#4',4u per lb (gross weight) '¦""
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Kjffja*ic; Ewes 3fi3>ic
per lb (gross weight). - ' w^.4"
; LAMBS— $2 S0ft2 75 per head
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are es follows:,, •:..-•,
BEEF— 5',i(g5*ic for Steers and 4<£<3c per lb
for Cows. ...¦.¦¦¦• : . .'...-
VEAL — I^rge, 7@Sc; small. R@9Uic per lb ¦
..-. MUTTON— Wethers. S®8!«c; Ewes, 7©8c
pe r lb.^MMI »WW.ll£yi!SS»^
• LAMB— m 10c per lb. , '
PORK — DrpsseU HogB. 0«-' 1 '3S',ic. per lb. '
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Beef Is lower under larger supplies, and thin
stock is still pressing on the market. : The In
sido quotations represent thi3 thin stock. Hut-'
ton rules firm,: with fat etock scarce', but
Nevada will begin to "send In supplies in the
course of a week or bo. Veal and Pork remain
as before quoted, .with sufficient Hogs cominz
in to satisfy the .demand.
DRESSED MEATS
Meat Market.
The Stock and, Bond Exchange v;as the only
exchange in session yesterday, ' and its list
of sales was not large. * Prices stood about ns
before. The mining and oil exchanges will re
sumo business to-day.
i ; Ex-dividend yesterday: Pacific Lighting
Company, regular monthly. ."5c per share,
amounting to $14,000. Onomea Sugar Com-'
pany. ; rtsrular monthly. '20c per share, amount
ing to SJO.Ct'O.
The Greenfi Consolidated Copper Company
has declared a dividend of '3 per cent, payable
August 1.
STOCK AND BOXI) KZJCI IAXGE.
TUESDAY, July 5—2 p. in.
UNITED STATES BONDS
, ¦ Bid. Af>k.| Rid. Ask.
4s qr coup..100'/i10tv>i|4s qr cp ni>W.1325 s 183Mi
4s qr. rcg.-..10fiV410i;%|3s qr com>. ..100 ; 106 ji
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — |Oak T Co Gs.ltfH/* —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 1 Do Sb"".. . . .110 112U
Cal G G 5s. — 10l»a Do con 5s.lOOU —
Cal Or & E s Oceanic S 5s?. — 75
ra <fc ct 5s. 84 1 R5 Om Cable' to. — 125
Cal-st C 5s. 114 117 |Pac G Ira 4s. 02V- 06
C C Wat 5s. — - 100 P E Ry 5s.lO2Vi — >
Edl. &. P Cs.124 — ' fp.&'C H 6S.102U —
F & C H i;8.1U',i — |P & O R Cs.110 " —
Opary-st 5b.. — 80 Powell -st 6s. — 114 .
II C&S SVjS.IOO -, Sac EG&R5s. 00 OS Vk
Do 5s .... !)Si/i — SF & SJV5s.ll«'i — *
Hon R T Cs.105 Sierra -ft 6s.. 115
LA Elec 5s. — — S p of A C3 .
L A Ry 5s.ll2'.i — 1 (1009) .....IOC —
|L A L Co (is — — I <ir»10) .....IOC*/. —
• Do etd <;=. — — ,|S P of C«s " ,
• Do gtd -5«.Hi2>i _ »j *(liM)5)Sr/A;lO2^I(K5«i
LAP.lcm Ss.lfil- — / ,(lJM»5)SrVB.103>S: —
Mkt-st C.fia.liri — I (inuC) .....105" —
Do lem r>3.114=4115Vi! (1912J .....115% —
MV& MtTSs.101^, (SPC 1 eg (3s.H0 — "
NRR of C6s.104«i — | Do stmpd.,108% —
'Do 5s - . : . . 1101^117 IS H B R 6s.l.J1 134 r
N P C R 5s.lO4 105%TS V Wat -68.105^106^
Market Dull, With Only One Ex
change in Session.
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 30@32 1 / 3C
Goat Sklnfi— Prime Angoras. 75c; large do,
$125; large and smooth. , 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No., 1 rendered, 4®4 Uc per lb;
No. 2. 3>£c; grease.- 2 %<?£3c.
WOOL — Spring Clip — Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 17@10c: San Joaquln and Southern, 12
months', 10@12c; do 7 months'. 9@llo per lb;
Middle Counties, 13@17c for free and 12@15c
for defective: Northern, lC@18c for • free and
14S16c for defective; Nevada. 13@16c, accord-
Ing to condition
HOPS — Nominal at 25@27*4c per lb for Cali
fornia. 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quoted
at 17}i@20c.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
VICTORI \— Sailed July 5 — Stmr Spokane,
for Sitka. Arrived July 5— Italian bark Re
gina Elena, from Yokohama.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 5 — Stmr Cen
tralla. hence July 1; stmr Coronado. hence
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 6— Schr A.
M Campbell, from Redondo.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 5— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT3.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. July 5.
Stmr Centennial. Strand. 75 hours from Seat-
Ue - ) SAILED.
\ . Tuesday, July 5.
Stmr Shasta. Han#on. for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
John Lutgen (owner) with John Schmidt &
Son (contractors), architect Louis M. Weismann
--Concrete work, artificial stone cement floor*
for three three-story frame buildings with con
crete basement and foundations (flats) on lot on
W line of Devisadero street 50 s o ' Oak *j
87 :« by V.' 95; $'.'075. ' ' S
Same owner with Louis M. WeUmann (con
tractor), architect same— Carpenter, mill and
stair work, glazing, tinning, hardware electric
wiring, door openers, bell*, speaking tubes and
letter boxes, picture molding, chimneys mar
ble and mosaic work. Ilncruata, Iron doors in
xtdewalk and patent roof for same on sarae
$16,145. - . . .¦ '.
Same owner with Frank J. Kllmm (cantract
cr), architect same — Plumbing, ga* fitting
sewering fcr same on same; $2t57O
Same owner with Charles Campbell (con
tractor), architect same— Plastertns for same
on same; J26S5.
Same owner with August Flck (contractor)
architect same — Painting, . etc., for same na
same; $1173.'-
H. II and M. G. Bancroft (owners) with
Joshua Hendy Machine Works (contractors),
architects Cunningham &. Politeo— Electric
wiring' switches, bells, cabinets, telephone
wiring* for addition to a seven-story brick
building on lot on S lin« of Suttjr street. 100
E of Van Nes? avenue. E «5S:f> by S 120; $2600.
Same owners with J. % R. Tobin (contractor),
architects same — Lathing, p'asterlng, flre
procflngand setting of ornamental plaster for
same on same; $11,300.
J J ripieksr (ownert with Chesney & Durn
ford (contractors), arcnltects Seadlo- A Hoen —
All work for a three-story frame building on
lot on SE corner o* California and Devisadero
streets. 25 by 110; $10,050.
George W. and Reuben C Hass (owners)
with John R. T<rt>in (contractor), architect
Wllltam Curlett— Fire-proofing, lathing and
l-lasiterins for store tn building on lot on N'E
corner of Market arid Powell streets; $9275.
Same (owners) with Home Manufacturing
Company (contractors), architect same — Store
fixtures, electric work, plain glass tiling, mat
blc cement, partition ana refrigerators, stairs,
metal work, painting; etc., for same on tame';
$11,575. I
David /Blbbero (owner) with Frank Dc Guerre
(contractor and architect)— AH work for ai
teratlons and repairs to residence at 2614 Web.
ster street; $1161 50. , . " " eb
Herman Stumme to Carrie Stumme. lot on
NE corner of Seventh avenue and K ("treat.
E 10O by N 100, block 120. Central Park Home
stead: sift.
A. T. C. and Katharlna Sorenson to Edward
and Josephine Peter, lot on NE corner of
Hale and Merrill streets. N 75 by E 75. lots
22 to 24. block 8. People's Homestead, Tract
A; ?10.
Lovell and Laura L. White to Ang»lo
Boltano et al., lots 2 to 9. 13. 15, 17 to 40,
Silver Terrace: $10. ¦
Charlotte D. Ctark to Annie W. Rowell (wife
ofi E F.). lot on S line of Plymouth street.
.113:10^, W of Park avenue. W 25 by S 100,
lot 22. block 3. Holly Park; gift. -
Builders' Contracts.
M»ierdierks. lot on N line of I str«et, 82:6 W
of Ninth avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Anna D. Joost to Olaf Ohls«n. lots 19 and 20.
block 4. City Land Association: $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to M- J. McDer
mctt and M. O. Wise. Jot on E Hneof Paris
street. 225 S of Brazil. S 25 by W 100, block
19. Excelsior Homestead: J10-
Same to M. G. Wise, lot on W line of V Isbon
street. 125 S of Brazil. S 23 by W 100. block 19,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
James Smith to Emily M. Smith, lot on SW
corner of Braill nnd Athens streets. W 100 by
S 200, block 64. same; gift. •¦-¦
Same to Mary S. Johnson, lot on line of
Athens street. 200 S of Brazil. S 100 by W 100.
blod? fi4. same: gift.
\ntoln* and Grade Borel to Louisa Coop*r,
lot on E line of Paris street. 200 S of Brazil,
S 25 by E 100, block 19, Excelsior Homestead;
iienry Belting to David and Isabella Hughes,
lot on S line of Sagamore street, 24«:8 E of
Capitol. E 10. S 125. E 33:4. S 121. SW 19:5,
W 41. N 125. E 16:8. N 125. lot 3; block B.
Railroad Hora<**tead : $10.
Alma E WooTTman (wife of William H.),and
Thomas A. Vartan to Robert B. G. and Mar
gar* t J. Smith, lot 3, block T. Park Lane
Tract N'o. 5: $10. --
Julius C. Rel» to Marie Hansen. lots la and
1»>. block 32, Reis Tract: grant.
John C Hansen to O. E. Van Sinsrer Hansen.
lot on W line of Ccrbm read, 166 N of Ca
selli avenue, N 25, NW Iu2:6. SE Tb'.\X%.
SK 92:11. lot 6, block 5. Market,-street Home
stead; gift.
Rosa Hans to George Jr^Hans, lot on W
line of Larkin street. 77:814 S of Pacific ave
nue. S 25 by W 112; $10.
Charles G. and May C. Hooker to Louis E.
and Annie F. Boivin, lot on W line of Polk
street. 75 N of Filbert, N 25 by W 87:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Lu
nran S. Pease, lot on S\V corntr of Sutter
and Franklin street?, W 40 by S 137:6;-$ .
Hannah D. Monahar to Lena Marx (wife of
Her.rit, lot on W line of Buchanan street, 51
S of Jackson, S 25:6 by W 80; $1Q.
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Frederick
Koch, lot on N line of Post street, 57.C E
of Webster. E 27:0 by N 87:6; $10.
Frederick and Bertha Koch to Noah S.
Friedbers, same* $10.
Laura Albrecht to Ottilia GHliland et al.,
lot on E line of Fillmore street. 50 S of Mc-
Allister. S 87:6. E 137:6. N 37:6. W 50, N
60, W 87:6; gift.
Clarence and Sarah N. or Sarah A. Coogan
to Mary, Annie and Margaret Cowlg, lot on
B line of Broderick street, 112:6 N eft Ellis,
N 25 by E 137:6; *!0.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
McCarthy, lot on W line of Devisadero street,
87:6 S of Ellle. B 50 by W 90; $ .
Charles and Ray Gollneky to George A.
Dolan. lot on W line of Broderick street, 25
S of -Post. H 25 by W 100; $10.
James and Aphra R. West to Joseph Fries,
lot on NK cornvr of Pine and Baker streets,
E 57:6 by N 82:6; $10.
Frank H. and Eunice A. Muller to Edgar
•C. Graham, lot on N line of Filbert street,
183:9 W of Broderick, W 25 by N 107:6; $10.
Annie Ki Kavanagh (McNeil) to Mary I.
Wynne, lot on N line of Sutter street, 1*4:3
E of Lyon. E 22:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Arthur and Marlu L. Stevens to Samuel
Savannah, lot on S line of Grove street, 100
E o£ Lyon. K 37:6 by S 112:6; $li>.
Jane McMullen to Lewis G. McMullen, lot
on E line of Parker avenue, 100 N of Point
Lohos avenue, N 25, E 12i>:t», S 25»- s . W 130:8:
, also lot on NE corner of Point Lobos and
Parker avenues. N 100 by E 81: 10^4; $10.
City ami County of San Francisco to Maud
I T. MrNutt. lot on SE corner of Fulton 9treet
! and Masonic avenue, S 5O, E 100, S 50. E 31:1,
i N 101:1%. W 140:5: also lot on NW corner of
! Hayes street and Masonic avenue, W 108:1
[ by N 123; also lot on SE corner of Hayes and
I Athbury streets. S 25 by E 100; also lot on N
t line of Grove street, 115:8 E of Ashbury. E
1 75 by N 137:6; also lot on BW corner of Ful
! ton and Ashbury streets. YV 10rt:3 by S ISO:
i a'*<> .lot on S Hn« of Grove street, 10«:3 W of
'.Ashbury, W 100 by S 137 :«; also ldt on SW
I corner r>f Grove and Clayton streets. S 67:6 by
! W 112:6; alfo lot on E line of- Cole street, 67:6
! K of Fulton, S S2:6 by E 100:3; also lot on S
1 line of Grove street, 125 E of Cole, E 25, S
2fio:10>4. SW 25:0?s. N 2<52:9*i; also lot on
fit] line of Fulton "etreet. -544, \v of Masonic
avenue, W J02:6Vi by N 275; also lot on N
line of -Fulton street, 1537:7 W of Masonic
avenue, W S5:l», NW !M:lf>-"> 4 . NW 132:1, SW
. to point 15."7:7 AV of Masonic avenue, S to bc
! ginning; ? ".
j Alexander L. Bentoff to Minnie Rothschild.
I lot en N line of F?ll street, Sl:3 E or Cole, E
! 25 by N 300: $10.
j George Monnler to Anna Monnler, lot on W
line of Folsom street, 185 S of Nineteenth. S
j «¦> by W 122:6: also lot on W line of Folaom
stice.t, 245 S of Nineteenth, S 30 by W 122:6;
ClftJ
Kate S. Dorlatnl to Henry L. Finfn~er. lot
on N line of Eighteenth streci. 230:6»4~ W of
Guerrero, W 24:9 by N 112; $10.
Julian anil Isabella R. Sonntas to Mettle
H. Jp.ckson. lot on W line of Landers stre?t^
ll!> N of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 125; $10.
John O"Mam to Annie O'Mara (wife), lot on
S line of Columbia (Cumberland) street, 150 E
. of Sanchez. K 50 by 8 114: gift.
John Rtid Elisabeth Smith to Elizabeth Smith,
lot on W line of WaJtcr street, 225 S of Thir
teenth. S 25 by W lfio; $10.
Orare P. Maynard to William W. Crow ley.
let oif N line of Liberty street. 2S4 E of Cas
1 tr'\ F '25 by N" 114: S1O. .
| W. F. and Mary K. Stockman to Arthur H.
: Larklns. . lot on 12 line of Hartford street, 148
N of Twentieth. N 23 by E 125; $10.
John O'Brien to Mary O" Brfen. lot on N
line of Clipper street, 1G1:IO E of Church E
25:6 by N 114: gift.
Mary A. or Martn Giannotti to Lorenzlna
: Armstasl; tot on N line of Alta street, 113:6 W
of Montgomery. \V 24 by N CS: $10.
Jesse D. and May Hannah to Louis A. Wel
drnmuller. lot on E line of Stockton street,
H.7:6 S of Sacramento street, S 30 by E CO'
$10. . -' .
Giuseppi ami Adele DemarMnl to.Vlttorlo I*.
¦ and Emilia Podesta. lot on N'llne of Filbert
: i»tr?et 87 :C W of Stockton, W 25 by N 92:0*
! $10. . ' ¦' /
i I Liur;i Alhrecht' to Ottilia GUIIIand et al..
lot on.N line of McAllister street. S7:6 w of
IiWivcnworthi TV r.P by N 1"7:6: $10.
• Thomas Morffew tq Js»me«( I: and Mario Glas
bersr. lot on S line of Twenty-second street
75 Rot Vermont. E 2."> by S 100; $10.
! Real Estate and Development Companv to
WHMam H ami Lucy F. < Hamwell. lot en E
line of M'FScni street, 50 S of Eighteenth S
25 by E J00: grant.
Loul3 O. and Mary J. Borprren to Robert T.
: Iberson. lot on NE corner of Ninth avenue and
I C Street. >J 132:6, N 100, W 20,- S 2S W 106-6
I S 72: $10. -
Hnnry G. and Estolle Meyer to Walter P.
Davidson, lot on .W-lIne of Thirty-fifth ave
1 j.ue. 100 N of D street. N 68:2. SW 75 W
70:4>i. S 5. E 112:8; *10.
Frank C. and Minnie P. Sh»pard to John
KluAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
rUESDAY. JULY S."^* 1 *
SUGAR — The AVestern Sugar Refining Com-.!
pany quotes as follows per lb, in U!0-lb bags: i
Cubes, ;A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5,95c; .
Powdered 5.Siic; Candy Granulated. 5.80c; Dry ,
Granulated, line, ,Y7Qc: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.70c; Fruit Granulated, n.'Oe; Beet Granu
lated ClOO-lb bags only). ».60c: Confectioners'
A. 5.70c: Magnolia A. 5.30c; Extra C. 5.20c:
Golden C. 5.l0e; "IT," T-e; barrels. 10c mor<\
half-barrels 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 50-lb
bags lOo more for alt kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.2Ce: boxes. 0.45c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. S.70c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy -five barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $lStfj<19; ex- ;
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19«23; Lath. 4
feet. $3 75(54: Fickets, $17@25; Shingles. S2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for
Eplit and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $33@39. ]
">^:v^ '•
Receipts of Produce. \
' FOR TUESDAY, JULY 5.
Flour qr sks .. 3,S7O| Mustard, sks. -.. W:J
Wheat ctls 4,ti'.H.M Middlings, sks.. 425
Barley" ctls 1 6.620) Raisins, bxs ... 2ro
Oats, ctls 74.1: Wine, gals 47.100
Corn, ctls 225jCWcory; bbls ... - 5O
Rye. ctls /¦ 520| Quicksilver, flks. lot
Tallow, ctls ... 222 Taper, reams 3,175
Beans, sks 1.574! Lim°. bbls ~M
Potatoes sks .. 6. 1341 Leather. 1 rolls .. U'«
Onions pks ... l.oruUvHs. ¦ bdls 205
Bran, ska ..... 425'Hldea f.'o. ..... 8"«i
Feed eks 2411 Hay, tons ...... 1.042
Shorts, eks ... 8S! j
OREGON. I
Flour, qr sks .. 4,WJ!| rcran. sks 2, ISO
Oats, ctls ¦ 3,8f!0|Wool. bales .... S
Potatoes, sks .. 2551 Feed pks 715
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks'.. O.t'Ps: Feed, sks 625
Bran, sks 4,1001
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
J3>,$c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine, 26c; Eocene.
23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c;
in cases 22^ic; Benzine, In bulk, 13c; In cases.
30>,$c; Rii-dcgree- Gasoline, in bulk, 25c; in
case*. 31 c.- • ¦ ¦
TUUFENTINE-"Stc per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels. •
RED AND WHITE L*EAD— Red Lead. 7'**?
7*ic per lb; White Lead. 7',4@7*ic, according
to quantity."
QUICKSILVER— $42 SOfMU 50 for local use
and $41 2. r >©42 per flask for export.
SALT — Prices to Jobbers: Bales, 90c for
common and $1 10 for granulated: Dairy. V>&~
per ton: Granulated. $7f/7 50; Half Ground.
100-lb bags $3 25; do 50-lb bags. $3 75: Rork
Salt. $2 85@3 In 100 an<J $3 25 in 60 lb bag*:
Genuine Liverpool. $14. $15 ami $16 per ton
In packages of 2£1. 1<*> and 50 lb? respectively.
OIIJS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add .V: Linseed, 40c per gallon for boiled, ami
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 UWjl 12; Lucol, 45c
for boiled and 4.1c for raw; China Nut. cases,
62V&C80a ppr gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrel!:,
r..So for Ceylon and 65a for Australian; extra
l«lf>ached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural wfnter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whole Oil, fi2c: extra winter
Ftralned Lard Oil. 75o; No 1 Lard. 'OIL 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
•Sic; light Herrins-Oil 42c; dark Herring Oil,
40o; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 3.")c; boiled Paint Oil. U3c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. *
Nicaragua— Nominal; 11 M® 13c for prime
to fancy washed; JWlOVic for fair to strictly
good washed: «U@8^c for good to superior
unwashed: O^fiilOc for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14@15c for fancy
washed: ]2f?13»ic for prime to strictly prime
washed; HQll^c for strictly good washed:
10?4c for good . washed: 934Q10Vlc for fair
washed: SUS^c for medium: 7<§7*ic for in
ferior to ordinary; 10ij(iJ12 l vC for good to
prime washed peabYrry; for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; SViQ^'ic for good
to superior unwashed
LEATHKR- Sole. heavy. 29®.11c; extra
heavy. 316"3.1o per lb: medium. 25®
2J»c; light. 22@'27c; Rough Leather, 24@2fio;
Harness Leather, heavy 3?,tff:\0c for No.\l and
30933O for No. 2; medium. 30«j?37c; light 2UQ
35c: Skirting, No. ¦ 1. 4O«S42c; No. 2, 86®88e;
Collar Leather 15@ltic per foot; Trace Leather,
40<&44c: Kip. unfinished 40(3500 per lb; Veal,
finished. 50S60o ppf Ih; Calf, flnishrd. 65cG$l
per lb; Wax Sides/ 16tr 17o per foot: Belt Knife
Splits 14©16c; Rough Splits. S@1Oc per lb.
TANBAUK— Ground. $25@2S per ton; stick,
510 .V)®1S per cord. ~»-l
BAGS— Grain Bags, 8^c; San Quentin,
$5 40; ¦; .Wool Bags 32@35c; Fleece Twine,
: 7@8c . - • - . '¦¦:¦
CANNED FRUIT — The California .Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following prices
for - the 1004 pack :
; : fruits.- \ j I? I 1
-¦"¦¦."-* W *t f •
- 1 g • ** : f :
Apples ...;.-. ... ?1 55 ! ?1 »o|Jt 201$i 10
Apricots 150] 1 25 1 15 1 05
. Do peeled 1 90 1 «5 •••
t»i • i* llced •• 190 165
Blackberries 1 60 135 1 2T> 115
Cherries. Royal Anne.. 2 10 1 80 1 65 1 35
Do. white 2 00 165 150 130
Do, black 1 go 165 150 130
Grapes, Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 90
Nectarines 1 50 1 23 1 15 105
Peaches. Yellow .. 1 75 1 35 125 115
no.-I.emon Cling "2 00 1 25 1 50 1 35
Do, I. C. sliced 2 00 1 75 1 50 1 35
Do, White Heath 1 85 ' 1 60 145 130
m Do. W. H., sliced..... 1 85 1 60 '1 45 1 30
Pears. Bartlett 1 90 1 60 1 40 1 25
Plums, Green Gage 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Do. Egg 1 C5 1 10 1 00 00
Do,- Golden Drop .... 1 35 1 10 1 00 , 5)0
Do. Damson' 140 115 105 100
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 00 1 »0
Strawberries 2 00 1 75 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are in
J££ e * supply and weak. 2'^-lb standards,
'°®J5c: gallon standards. *2 15: 3-lb
solid pack, $1. Green Peas— Baby petit pois,
51 50; petit pois, $1 35; extra sifted. $1 15;
standard sifted. $1; standards, 85c: Marrow,
fats. S2%c; gallon sifted, $4 25; gallon stand
ard. $3 75: f. o. b. San Francisco.
COAIj — Wellington S8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S: Seattle, $8 50; Bryant. $6 50: Beaver
Hill. $5-50; Stanford, $"; Roslyn, $7:* Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bull-: and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, §14;
Welsh Anthracite Ess $13;, Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; 7 Cpl:e. $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
. PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, i>er lb,
'4*4c; caees, regular, 5v4c; cases, extra large,
6V*c; Eastern style, 6*4 c; boneless, 6%c; "Nor
way," «Uc; "Narrow Gauge," 6?ic; "Silver
King." 7>,ic; blocks, "Oriental," 6%c; blocks. I
"Seabright," 6->ic: tablets, 7c: middles. 7@0%c; I
fancy bom-less, SVi@8$«c- pickled Cod, bbls, I
$7 50: pickled Cod, half bbls. $4 25; Pirate
Cove Cod Liver Oil. per dozen pints. $8; per
gallon. $:$ 25, less 10 per cent.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as fol
lows. 60 days or U per cent discount for cash,
no sales under- 10,000 lbs: Manila, 14»-4c: ;
Sisal. 10»4c; Duplex, 9Uc; Bale Rope, HU®,
ll%c per lb ;
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14fl5»4c for strictly!
prime to fancy washed; lUVwifi 13V£c for prime'
washed; ll*6©12Uc for good washed; ll^@I3c j
for good to prime washed peaberry; 10@llc j
for good to prime peaberry; ll(g'12'^c for good 1
to prime; 9fH0%c for fair; 7*4@8MiC for com- ¦
mon tp ordinary. * j
Salvador — HSlliJc for fancy washed; 12 Vi^ 1
13ijc for strictly prime washed; 10V^@I2c for J
good to prime washed; {<@10c for fair jvashed; ;
10@12',4c for fair to prime washed peaberry; ;
D>4f<jlO 1 ,4e for good to prime semi-washed; 0<t$ !
9%c for superior unwashed; 8H<gS?.ic. for good
green unwashed: 9',i@10c for good to superior ;
unwashed peabcrry; 7@8c for inferior to or
dinary.
The result has been the development
of the dog barber as an artist. He
clips and shaves his customers' doga
In most elaborate fashion. Some are
left' with shaggy manes, with a tuft at
the end of their tail, to imitate a lion.
Others, again, are clipped in stripes,
making: them look like black zebraa.
and others have their faces clipped and
nothing but a pair of fierce mustache3
left with fluffy bracelets of hair round
each foot. At any time of the day,
as long as daylight lasts, the'dog bar
ber will be found at work on the Seine
embankment. Seated on a curnpstooJ.
and generally surrounded by an ad
miring crowd, he clips and shaves ac
cording to the directions given him by
the owner. The banks of the Seine
have been selected for his operations
because the river is handy to bathe
the animal" after he has been clipped
and combed. — Golden Penny.
One of the most characteristics of
these strange tradesmen is the dog
barber. The favorite dog of the
Parisian is the French poodle, or
"mouton," as he is popularly called.
It is chiefly for his benefit that the
dog barber exists. His -headquarters
are the banks of the Seine. Here the
main body can be found at all times,
though in the summer some go about
the city carrying on their occupation
from house to house. In the hot day3
one continually hears the long-drawn
out cry, "To-o-odeur de chien!" and
meets the familiar figure of the dojj
barber, with his box of instruments
slung over his shoulder. Many of them
have their regular cusfpmers, whose
houses they visit at stated intervals to
make the toilet of these privileged
poodlesi — for the Paris mouton is th«
•'spoiled child" among dogs- Ho in
clipped, brushed, combed, perfumed
and generally has his "topknot" fas
tened with a pink or blue ribbon.
Some even wear gold or silver brace
lets round one paw. , .'. '\
It is astonishing with v.hat zeal
every means of. earning an * onest
penny is plied in Paris. No city in
the world has so many queer little
trades by which those practicing them
scrape together enough sous to make
a living:. The king of thi3 clas3 Is,
of course, the ragpicker. He staru
out before the dawn armed with a
lantern and a long hooked piece of
iron and explores the rubbish boxes
placed outside every door in the capi
tal before the municipal carts .corns
to carry off their contents. Then
there is the man who goes around
with the spiked stick picking up the
cigar and cigarette stumps which lie
around the Paris cafes. There are
men. too, who search the streets for
fallen money, and who generally find
enough to keep them from starvation.
Even a Dog Barber Does a. Flour
ishing: Business in lib Street
Stand.
SO3IE STRANGE TRADES
FOLLOWED IN PARIS
One of the foremost authorities on
gunmakingr. John F. Meigs, tells much
that is of interest in the Iron and Steel
Number of the Scientific American.
Among other things Mr. Meigs says:
"Six-inch guns, which used to weigh
11,000 . pounds, now weigh 18,000 to
20,000 pounds. The weight of the
projectile of these guns has not in
creased and has remained always 100
pounds, but the velocity at which the
projectile leaves the gun has increased
from about 2000 feet per second to
from 3000 to 3500 feet per second, in
consequence of a three or four fold in
crease in the charge of powder. It
may be arsued that this change — that
is, the constantly increasing weight of
guns of a given caliber — is not a wise
one. The great care and attention be
stowed upon the convenient and accu-
Tate moving of the gun, however, can
be nothing but an improvement. The
growth and progress of change in ar
tillery construction sometimes seems
arbitrary — seems sometimes to be as
arbitrary as the fashion of clothes.
Old guns made three hundred years
ago, which may be. seen in the
arsenals of this country and in
Europe, had about the same shape
and were in many respects similar to
the guns of to-day." In the inter
mediate period, say about one hun
dred years ago, the guns ha N d shrunken
up and become shorter and larger in
diameter, with larger bores. We are
now returning, or perhaps, more cor- i
rectly, it should be said we have re-'
turned to the fashions in artillery of
three hundred years ago.
"There are, of course, many respects
in which the modern weapon has a
great advantage over the earlier one.
It is made of stronger steel, and con
centric hoops are shrunken together,
whereby the power of the gun to re
sist internal pressure is materially in
creased. But perhaps in no place is
the advantage more marked than in
the better mount or carriage of the
present time. These are far better
arrayed than they usedflo be, anfl the
consequence is that the guns may be
much more rapidly and safely fired."
Weight of Projectile Remains Same,
but Striking Force Vastly
Greater.
INCREASING SIZE OP GUNS
AND VELOCITY OP SHELJj
LOS ANGELES. July 5.— The Coro
ner's Jury which to-day investigated
the killing of Thomas Kearns, who was
shot to death Saturday night by J. W.
Heart during a quarrel over 50 cents,
returned a verdict accusing Heart of
willful murder. William Kearns, son of
the murdered man, created a sensation
by trying to force his way into the
room in "which the inquest was being
held, declaring he would kill Heart on
sight. He had been told that Heart
was attending the inquest, and, arming
himself, he went to the place and de
manded to be admitted. Persons at the
door held him in check by telling him
that his father's slayer was not there,
and others summoned a policeman.
Tries to Assault Man Coroner's Jury
Accuses of Murdering His
Parent.
SON ATTEMPTS TO KILIj
SIAYER OF HIS FATHER
N C Ry Ra. — 112' Do 4s 2dm. — W*,
N C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4s 3dm. — 89
N S R R Bs. — 101 Do k mtf?4s 97^*—
O G L&H 5s.lO7 Stkn O&EOs. 92U t—
O V? gtd 5s. — 100 U G & E 5s. — 102'^
WATER STOCKS.
; Contra Costa 35 "694 1 Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 JS V -Wat Co. 37 Ta 38 U
f . -GAS-AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L & P. 3 3*s|S F G & E." 59>.$ €0
Mutual E L. 12'4 — | Stkn G & E. 5?i —
Pac L Co... 57U — | U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 — \ .
BANK BTOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l27li — |L P & A../. — 155
Angrlo-Cal .. 83& 86%! Jler Trust.... 205 —
Bank of.CaI.424 — |Merch Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 |S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S & L.22S0 2350 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.CSO —
Mutual Sav. — 110 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.640 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 (Presidio — 43
* POWDER.
Giant 60% 6t IVigorlt — B
Hana P Co.. — 20c |KIlauea S C. — 4
Hawaiian C. 51 — Makawel! C. 21% —
HonoUaa S C 11% 12 Onomea S C. 24 — •
Clutch S P C -8^ — Paauhau S C. 12** —
MISCELLANEOUS. 3 ...
Alaska PA. 1.17 HO (Oceanic S Co. 4& 4%
Cat F C A. 93 83 i Pac Aux FA. 5 —
. Cal "Wine A. — 90^ | Pac C Borx.106 159
MV& MtTm.100 — |
Morning Session.
J\.V Board —
5 Hawaiian ComI & Sugar 51 00
10 S F Gas & Electric 59 75
10 Spring Valley Water Co 37 87%
Street —
< $1,000 8 P of Arizona" (1909) ...106 00
$5,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 10S 37%
$7,000 Spring Valley 6 p-r cent 105 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 51 00
25 Honokaa S Co H 50
'JO Spring Valley Water Co 3S 00
$1,000 S P. Cal 1st con 5s (« tamped). 10S 37%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELI*ANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Aik.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 SF & NP 5s. — 109%
B L Wat 6e. — H7 S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. — 112%! S P Co 414s. 100 —
M O Wat Bs.100 — | Sun Tel 5s.. — ' 104
Ris I Wk&Ss. — 105 jSuttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113%iUR of SF 4s. S0% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co — 30 1 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — l>0 Nev Nat Bk.lSO —
Cal Cot Mils — 88 N S R R Co. 9',i —
Cal G&ECor. 47 — IN Cal P Co. — 10%
Cal Powder.. 125 145 |OaK Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T.115 — IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 Orpheum Com — 16
Chutes Co ..' — 7% PacC Cas 00.125 —
City & C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel.. 100 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 7 Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Kast Dymn.. — 270 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 |S F Drydock. 60 —
Do com .. 37% 50 (SF&SJ Coal. — 25
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — |S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer Thtr — 60c I SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.lC8 — Swtss-A ~Bk.ll5 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 Truck- Elect.. 11 —
Hono P Co. 10 14 LR InC pfd. 47 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60 Do com ... 9Vi — '
20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off. and
Stags, i.0 per cent off from above quotations. ¦:
General Merchandise.
. - - - -¦ . ¦ ¦
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO tCALU WEDNESDAY, JULY fi, 1904. y
14
THE GRASS WIDOW'S HAIR
is red.. Not fall grass widows
an; so blessed— or cursed — but
one. the particular one whose
portrait by Bryson will be 'given
you, wii '). the next Sunday
CALL. She evidently has tem-
perament and she certainly lias
beauty. "
HER POUTING RED LIPS
and her saucily lifted head indi-
cate a disposition* that must at
all times have made the man in
her case her slave, and yet she
has . that grace, \ that fineness of
iigure. 'that . alluring perfect
tastc* : in , dress whicli attracts
and even holds devotion. Her
train - of admirers is endless.
ADVEBTISEMENT*
STATEMENT
or the:
CONDITION' AtfD AFFAIRS
OP THE——
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OS»
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. £>. 19O3. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to th<»
provisions of sections 610 aid 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS. ' :
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $1,026,675 00
Cash In Banks 01.85S *4
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.75* 34
Premiums In due Course ot Col- "'
lection «2.811 48
Total assets $1,186,099 M
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses In process of Adjustment •
or In Suspense $70,500 04
Losses resisted. Including- expenses 3.710 00
Gross premiums, on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $631,-
111 CO: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 325.555 30
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runnlnsr more than one year.
$214,652 4,0: reinsurance pro rata 118.046 M
Cash dividend to Stockholders re-
maining unpaid 17,436 47
Total liabilities &C5.27S 23
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire J
premiums $515.562 90
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 38.234 43
Total Income $833,317 32
EXPENDITURES. :
1 Net amount paid for FIra Losses
(Including JOl'.MS, losses of pre-
vious years) $4S 1.503 41
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 207.74t>31
Paid f<n» Salaries. Fees an<1 other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2.520 WS
Pai.l for State. National and Local
Taxes 23.663 31
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 4.900 4?
Total expenditures JF7S3.343 «
• ' FlnT"
Losses Incurred durin? the year $436,362 4?
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums^
Net amount of Rinks
written during the
>ear $.S3.SS4.SC9 Jl.lO.tfSt t>
Net amount of Risks
expired during thei
1 y*ar I 10S.182.4S: 1.406.304 15
! Net amount In force] |
1 December 31. 1903.. | 63.411.738. 80.704 W
ALBERT R. LEDOITX. Vice President.
CHARLES S. CONKLIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 3t»
day of February. WO4. ¦
CHRIS BA1TBACH. Notary Public.
C A. HESRY & CO., General Apnls
215 Sataa St., San Frmcisco, Cal.
Calif cmia. Alaska, Arizona. IdaJio, tf on
taaa, Nevada. Oresron. Utah, Wta^
*' ' lasrtoa and Hawailaa T^fnii.
ROOMS TO LET — Fora, and Cnfnra.
CLIFFORD, 204 Kllle. cor. Mason— Elegantly
rurctahed cuony room*; prlcf reasonable.
EDDT. 432— Elegantly furnished parlor suite
and bath; also single rooms.
EIGHTEENTH. 33C3, near Mission— Sunny
furnished room; bath; modern; $7 month.
ELLIS. 1040 — Newly furnished sunny eutt and
single rooms; ea«. bath, electric lights.
ELLIS. 1274 — Sunny front parlor. $18; sunry
front room. $$; modern flat.
FELL. 230— Large Bunny furnished front
rocm; also 2 connecting unfurnished room*.
FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; for 2. $12.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Room« 33c
to $1 25 n'.rfct; 91 SO to $C wk.; reading-rm.
GEARY, 915 — Well fur. parlors^ large closets;
also sunny room, running water: phone; reas.
GROVE. 632— Front sunny furnished room: gaa; !
bath; >6. '
HAYES. S74 — Beautifully furnlehea sunny front
bay -¦window alcove room. i
HOWARD. 716 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 25c to >1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
1ITDE. 334— Front, sunny, bay window, for
1 or 2; other rooms; hot and runnlnjr 1
water; bath.
HYDE. 727—2 cicely furalehe^ room*, suitable
for gentlemen; private family.
JACKSON. 1175. eor. Jones — Furn. or unfurn.
sunny front rooms; fine marine view; phone.
JESSIE, S63, east United Etates mint— Rooms
$6; two beds $10. ..•;¦•-.
JONES. 818— A comfortable «unny room; all
conveniences; gentlemen.
JONES. 923. nr. Bufh--Sunny front alcove
room; cozy corner; $20 single; $25 two.
MARKET, 1049A.The Falmouth— Sunny rooms: :
h^t and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MASON. 616— Newly furnished sunny rooms
f'om $6 up to $20; boardlng-houee next door.
NINTH, 147 — Large eunny room, suitable for
one or two per^on^
NOK. fi77, bet. ISth and 19th— To let. a. nlc«
furnished room suitable for 2 men; fina view
and funny; terms reasonable.
POPT. 689. near Hyde — Large furnished front
room; bath; gas; for 1 or 2 gents.
ROYAL Hcuse. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: room* per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; me nth. $8 to S30; elevator on ground
fiocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EAORAJMENTO, 1611— A noat and very sunny
basement room for workingman.
SIXTH. 2401/i— -Furnished rooms, day. week or
month: location central and reasonable.
ETAXTAN, 810 — Sunny front and other rooms;
also housekeeping; facing G. G. Park.
STOCKTON, 41-4S — Nicely furnished sunny.
wait*; also single rooms; $1 M>, $2 SO, $S
«#«k-
THE ST. KATHRYN.
N. E. COR. LEAVENWORTH AND
ELLIS— SUNNIEST AND CLEANEST
BOOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AN"1» COLI> WATER IN EVERY
n«X>M; ELEVATOR SERVICE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM $3
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter. near Grant
av». — Elegantly furnished rooms; hot and
cold w-Rter; baths free: $3 to $0 per week;
$1 to $1 .V» per day; electric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market et. — Offices on
the fir*t floor to let; furnished rooms In suite
cr single, by the day. week or month; tran-
sient solicited. ?
THE RICHMOND. 509 Jones— Handsomely fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 week, 35c to {1 day up.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
looms. 'iSc to $1 night. $1 73 to $6 week; elec-
tric llchts (no sas). running water in every
room: elevator, read. -room: free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mcst convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
rr.r to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
rUc. lights; reading-room: free but; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st.— Rooms from 15e
to $1 per nls'nt and from 9Oc to $5 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church »t».
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscript ions has been i
opened at 1008 Market «L. opposite Fifth.
Qper. until 11 p. m.
HOOKS A3TD BOABO.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
THIS SELECT FAMILY HOTEL, BEAUTI-
FTLLY SITUATED ON THE FINEST COR-
NER OF VAN NESS AVE.. NOW THOR- I
Ol'GHLY RENOVATED AND EQUIPPED
WITH ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS
IS READY TO RECEIVE GUESTS.
1015 VAN NESS. COR. GEARY.
APPLY TO MRS. E. WINDELE, MANAGER
SUNNY rooms; excellent home cooking; gen-
tlemen; $20; two meals $18. 1120 Gough. nr.
O'Farrell. . .- <. ¦
HAIGHT. 6*, near- Market— Large furnished
ro<-im for 2, with rood German board.
FOURTEENTH. 84— Funny furnished roomT
with or without board; reasonable.
LARGE #unry double front room, with or
without board; reasonable. 1639B Mission.
UNION Hotel. Turk. cor. Webster— Neatly fur.
sunny rooms, with or without board; rea*.
HOTEL KENOVA. 725 Pine — Board and room
*20 per month; sun and elevator.
POWELL. 502— Nicely furnished room for 2; all
new; also single; reasonable: private board.
EDDT. 112S. opp. Jefferson Park— NIcely~fur".
punny rooms; table board; reas.; new mang*t.
HOWARD. R41A— First-clasg board and room.
single or double. $5-J6 wk.; American family.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
S07 California — See rooms.learn prices, try table
A BRANCH office for The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market 6t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '-'-.., r ,
ROOMS WAVTEdI ~
FURNISHED dining-room and kitchen wanted
in good location to keep boarders, by flrst-
«-!as« cook: state rent. Addrewi MRS. EL-
LINGP, Carltrw House.. 611 Taylor et.
SPECIAL KOTICE8. ™~
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage o f 620 Lake et.. San Francisco.
has revived the following half orphan girls
f?om January 1 to July 1, 1904: Margaret
L. Alexander. 11 years 7 menths; Reba Rob-
inson, 11 yfars 4 months; Juanita Wals-
worth. 10 years 5 months; May Walsworth
8 years 11 months; Viclen Dunkle. 13 years-
Ailren Dunkle, 5 years 3 months; Doris
Durkle, 3 years 10 months; Hazel B. Wells.'
8 years 7 months; Emelle Delange, 4 years 7
months: Maria Grunn, 7 years 9 months -
N»!l!e • Conoley. 9 years 4 months; Helen
Conoley. S year* 11 months; Daphne M
Reeves, 13 yean; Evelyn I. Reeves. 10 yeari
7 months.
THE Ean Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lom-lnB orphan and half -orphan girls and boy«
liave been admitted to the asylum on Hairht
street from April J, 1904, to July L 1904-
Nellie Armstrong. 12 years 9 months; Sarah
KU»n Johnson. 8 years 2 months; Marguerite
Campbell, 10 years; Lillian Postell 12 years
1«> months; Julia Hopp*. 8 years 6 months-
Frederick Johnson, 10 years 8 months
PL'S AN RUSSELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
•H5WIXG »IACI!I.\KS AMI SUPPLIES.
DO*i'T lE^TTnnC^uT^rNEW^ONE
£«M u« a postal and our agent will call and
irade tor your old eewing machine; we have
a lot of elightly shop-worn Whites that we
shall sell qu'.ck at 1-3 and 14 regular prices -
this le the tewing machine bargain oppor-
tunity of a lifetime. White Sewing Machine
Co.. City offices, 300 Post et.; 1841 Fillmore
ct.. and -70S Valencia et.
DOMESTIC-— The machine for family use- best
Ik che*p*#t; second -hand all makes at any
|.rlcr: ail kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1021 Market %1.: near Sixth.
SEW HCMK — See . our new triple-feed /na-
fhJnes: «l!chtly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
*.ar.d. *3. $3. $S: all styles; ruaranteed. N«w
Hone Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van CcT-furniturT
l.oupehold goods stored, moved, shipped 723*
7«1 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant ICl"
A -GILBERT & STOLL Co.; etoraire.
«>a<*!ng. shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
N*-»s; office 1170 Market, r. tt; trl. South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storare Co.; 3 Eddy st "• '
phone Mint 2941. JOHN F. COOPER, prcs!
PIKRCE-HODOLPH Storage & Moving r o ., of.
tic* Post and Powell sts.: tef^^Pri. -Ex. 571.
< -«">XKLI V'S Storage—Furniture " and mereban-
«5ii?c. 3.T: Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12tf.
C< 'I .JPCN Weyt Storage: advances made. S40
Ki«irn Ft.; tel. Howard 041. F.n'.Zehfufs.
i'/.CinC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2020 Fillmore Kt.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
«t., teL Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rate*.
STUTTERIKG AKP s TA M] ttERIXg.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Xess & Market,
is taueht celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne In U. ¦ H.; private; established 3
years In S. F. TeL Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following: marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Henry R. Howe, 32. 61S Ellis street, and
Nellie. Barry. 20 618 Ellis street.
Leon S. Hlrsch, 29. San Jose, and Helen
Eomter. 26 city ?
John K. Box, 49. Ranford, and Maggie L.
Grover, 45, Hanford.
Charles H. Pancoast, 45, 62S Geary street,
and Gertrude Loomis. 35. 62S Geary street.
Tirso J. Mendoza. 41, 151S Powell street,
and Karaona Morelos. 36, 1516 Powell street.
Joseph M. Weiss. 28, city, and Josie-Cal-
mon. 20. city. . >
- Alfred H. O'Neill. 23, Windsor, and Ella M.
Calcote. 18. Skapps Springs.
Peter Heins, 24. 3007 »i Mission street, and
Abbie S. Perry. 22, 719 Vallejo street.
Stephen G. Dean, 24 131 Flood avenue, and
Martha. A. B Frauen. 20, 32 Wool street.
Robert Siemann. 48, city, and Louisa S.
Dowse. 33, city.
Manuel Constant. 48, Santa Rosa, and Itel-
vlra R. Sllvelra, 30. Santa Rosa.
Louis Rockman. 40, Commercial Hotel, and
Carrie Abrahams. 35. Oakland.
Charles D. Hughes, 26. Wichita. Kaaa., and
Gertrude Evans, 26. Peabody. Kans.
Ichiro Kozuma 26, Occano, and Tome Sa-
kawalkl, 23. 1241 Bush street.
Halm Schwartz 25. 278 Shipley etreet, and
Feme Prizant. 21, 278 Shipley street.
James Jessie, 21 755 Sixth avenue, and Ma-
bel I. Nichols, IS, Oakland.
Jean Mathleu, 41 017 Larkin street, and
Emilie V. Mallrat, 31. 817 Larkin itreet.
Payton G. Clark. -26. Angel Island, and Mary
I* Caldwell. 24, 1321 Sutter street.
James W. Byres, 21. 179 Harriet street, ana
Birdie V. Butts, 21. 203 Po«t street.-
Peter Marchuccl 33. 17 Bourbon place, and
Elizabeth Suvisi. 18, 1203 Pierce street.
John P. Pedersen 47, 527 Howard street, and
Eengta Hokamson, 26, 170- Seventh street.
Jutoro Akiyoshl. 25. Alaraeda. and Akiyoehl
Shlma, 22. Alameda.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. . They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and. residence of per-
sons authorised to have the fcame publlsheu.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charee. •
BOKX.
BACOPULOS— In this city, July 6. 1004, to
the wife of Michel Bacopulos. a son.
BERGSTROM— In this city. July 5, 1904. to
the wife of Dr. G. Bergstrom, a. daughter.
BREESER— In thU city. July 1. 1904. to the
wife of Gustave Breeser (.nee Mlltenberger),
a eon.
BUTTERFIELD — In thla city. July 3. 1804, to
the wife of Charles S. Butterfield. a daugh-
ter.
EASTMAN— In Berkeley. July 4, 1004. to the
wife of R. S. Eastman, a eon.
HOEr— In Vallejo, July 5. 1904, to the wife
or H. D. Hoey, a son.
WOODWARD — In this city. June 17, 1904. to
the wife of Leman A. Woodward, a eon.
MARRIED.
BERLIN'— PEARCE— In this city, July 2, 1004.
by the Rev. W. E. Dusan, -Frederick T.
Berlin and Anna Pcarce. both of San Fran-
cisco.
BERNSTEIN— WOLF— In this city. July 3,
1904. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Max S. Bern-
etcin and Grace Wolf.
HOSTETTER — MUNK — In Elmhurst, Cal..
July 3. 1904 by the Rev. E. E. Clark. Wll-
lard G. Hostetter of Vallejo and Frieda
Muuk of Elmhurst, Cal.
LEE— ZOPPI— In this city. July 2. 1001, by
the Rev. W. E. Dugan, James D. Lee and
Olivia A. Zoppi, both of San Francisco.
McCABE— PADGETTE — In this city. July 2.
1S*M, by the Rev. W v E. Dugan, Alfred T.
McCabe of £an Francisco and Lena B.
Padgette of Denver, Colo. j
NOEL — WARNER— In this city. July 2. l»04,
by the Rev. John Stephens. George E. Noel
and Daisy Warner, both of this city.
NATHAN— HESKETT— In this city, July 2.
1904 by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Leslie Na-
than and Ethyl L. Heskett.
PERL— PRIESTLEY— In Elmhurst. Cal: June
2t>. 1904. by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Victor E.
Perl of San Francisco and Maude L. Priest-
ley of Fitchbure. Cal.
PHILLIPS— MURRAY— In this city July 2,
1904. by the Rev. Father Tatellina, Loring
K. Phillips and Barbara E. Murray, both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Baker. David F. Johnson. Theodore
Bieleck, May E. Meehan. George
Coffey. John Mehrten, John
Cullen. John J. Morrison. Sister M.
Edwards, Robert R. Sebastian
Emerton. Margaret O'Brien. Annie
Fimbrqath, Arthur F. O'Neill. Eunice F.
Gedded. George Pfizmaier. Maggie F.
John E. Rodgcrs. Harry
llalliiean. Alexander Ryan, Joee-ph R.
Hand, Frances A. Sawkinp, Maria
Haskell. Alice J. Scanlan. Rev. Patrick
Herrick. Mrs. J. Stone. Anna L.
Hooper. Franklin P. Stross, Emile A.
Hourigan, Margaret Tomalty. Patrick J.
Jackson, Annie A. Wolff. Julius
-' Johnson. Bell
BAKER— In Oakland. July 5. 1904. at 1717
Adeline street, David Frank, beloved son ot
David F. and Amelia H. Baker, a native of
Oakland, aged 2 months.
BIELECK— In Alameda. July 4. 1901. May E..
beloved wife of Adam Bieleck, -and mother
of Albert, Ethel. Gertrude and Harry
Bieleck. a native of Merced, aged 37 years
end 10 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, July «, J0O4. at tt p. m.. at her
late repidence. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland.
COFFEY— In the City and County Hospital,
Jub- 4. 1904. John Coffey. a native of New
York, aged 24 years.
CULLEN— In Mill Valley. July 5. 1904. John
Jay, son of Mary and the. late John J. Cul-
len. a. native of Ban Francisco, aged 'I'd
years.
EDWARDS— In Woodland, Cal.. July 3. 1904,
Robert Rowlands Edwards, son of E. J. and
Elizabeth Edwards of 481 Twenty-fourth
street. Oakland, and brother of David Ar-
thur and Anna Edwards, a native of Oak-
land. Cal., aged 24 years and 2 months.
EMERTON — In this city, July 5, 1904. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of J. W. Emerton. and
mother of George. Mary. Isabellc, Delia and
William Emerton. a native of Ireland, aged
69 years 3 months and 18 days.
ETThe funoral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 146 Duboce avenue, between Va-
lencia and Guerrero streets, tbence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rcpsoe of her soul
at 8 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIMBREATH— In this city, July 5 1904, Ar-
thur F.. dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Mary Fimbreath. and brother-in-law of Wil-
liam. John. Frederick. Henry and Herman
Block and Mrs. Alfred Glbbart. a native of
Louisiana, aged 4tf years 7 months and t>
days. <Los Angeles, Cal., and Jacksonville,
Or., papers please copy.) - ,
Cy Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late residence, 411 Greenwich street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GEDDES— In this city. July 5, 1904J George
Geddes of Brentwood, Cal., a native of Nova
i Scotia, aged C5 years.
GEORGE — In Fruitvale. July 5, 1004, John E.
beloved husband of- Hulda A. George and
father of Emery E., Frank L., Amaia M.
and Warren B. George. Mrs. Mary Dodson
and Mr«. Je«sle Pratt, a native of Zanes-
vlile. Ohio, aged 70 years 6 months and 23
days.
HALLIGAN— In this city. July 4, 1904, Alex-
ander, dearly beloved husband of Kate -Hal -
ligan, and brother of John, David. Joseph
and the late Thomas Halllgan. a native of
the parish of Carlingford. County Louth. Ire-
land, -aged 43 years 11 months and -28 days.
Member of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union,
Local No. 222.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Wednesday), . at 8:S0 o'clock, from the par- -
lors of Valente. Marlni & Co., 1521 -Htockton
etreet. between Green and Union, thence to
Kt. Francte Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
»oul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy ;
Cross Cemetery.
HAND — At stra, on board the British ship Port
Elgin, Frances Amelia Hand, beloved wife
of Captain .Frank Hand, and sister of Dr.
J. L.. John D. and-W. A. Beeston and Mrs.
Dr. Nickron of Newcaetle. New South Wales.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday, July t>, at 10
o'clock, from the chapel of N. Gray & Co.,
:<J3 Butter etreet. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery* v
UAEKELL— In Oakland. July C. 1904 Alice
J. Haskcll. a native of Maine, aced T,6 years.
HERRICK — In West Berkeley, July 5. 1904,
Mrs. Josephine, beloved wife of the late
Harry Herrick. and mother of Ethel Her-
rick. and daughter of Andrew and Hanna
Jurgesscn. a native of Hawaiian Islands
age<» 19 years 7 months and 5 days; ¦
HOOPER— In this cfty. July :). 1U04. Franklin
P.. brother of John A./ Charlt-a A. and
HENRY J.CALLACHER CO.
•Successors 10 Flannagan & Gallagher
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mkt v ~
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS
20 Fitth et.. opposite Lincoln School. - "
! Telephone South HO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
<~ -Funeral Directors and Embalmers — — _
Formerly in r Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 860 MISSION. TeL South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth «c
Finest Equipment* at Moderate ratea.
If you fall to get a single one
-of these beautiful and novel
Bosons you will be sorry.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Has bought for its readers.
Of portraits, scenes and fancies
by the world's greatest painters,
which, at great ctxst of time,
tronblc and money, the
BRYSOX PAINTED HER
In a typical moment. His por-
trait in oils is so charming, his
color scheme so oriffinal ami
harmonious that every one will
frame the copy we will give
— FREE — —FREE — s
Next Sunday. It is one of '
A STRIKING SERIES
THE GRASS WIDOW.
George "W. Hooper and Mrs. W. E. Norwood,;
a. native of Bangor Me., aged. 67 years 9
months and 27 days. -. . ~ : •
CTFriends are invited to attend the serv-
ices Thursday. July 7, at 10 o'clock, at the
residence, 2522 Green street. Interment pri-
vate. •
HOURIGAN— In this city. July 4. 1904, Mar-
- garet. beloved wife of John Hourlgan." and
loving mothes. of James Hourlgan. Mr3. J.
Stephens andmMrs. E. Fitzpatrick. a native
of Ireland. T-
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1839 Hyde street. , thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy
Cros3 Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city July 5,' 1904. Annie
Amelia, beloved wife of the late Tertlous J.
Jackson, and mother of Fred Thomas, John
nnd Harry Jackson, a native of London.
England, aged 85, years 4 months and 1 day.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Crematory Chapel at Odd Fellows* Qemetery.
JOHNSON — In Oakland, July 4, 1/KM. Bell
Johnson, beloved wife of B. W. F. Johnson,
a native of Atlanta. Ga.. agred 40 years.
lETFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Thurs-
day, July 7 1904 at Beth Eden Baptist
Church, Eighth and Filbert streets, at 1
p. m. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
JOHNSON— In this city, July 5, 1004, Theo-
dore Johnson, a native of Ohio, aged 40 years.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O.
u. w.
(ETRemains at parlors of McFadden. Me-
Brearty St. Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MEEHAX— In "this city, July 4. 1004, George,
beloved son of George and the late Rose
Meehan, and brother of Andrew, James and
Patrick Meehan, -Mrs. C. Ganzert. Mrs. J.
Dwyer. Mrs. E. Clark and the late Michael
Meehan and Mrs. H. Ganzert. a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 25 years 11
months and 3 days.
ttTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 a m., from his late resi-
dene. 1553 Fifteenth street, corner of Capp,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. i
MEHRTEN— In this city. July 4. 1904, John
Mnhrten, & native of England, aged 84 years. •
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day !
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
> street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his sotil at 9 a. m. i
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. |
MORRISON— In thla city. July 3. 1004, at the j
Convent of the Holy Family. Sister M. Se-
bastian, beloved daughter of Jonas and Mary
Morrison a native of San Francisco.
CTA requiem high mass will be offered .
for the repose of her soul In the convent
chapel Wednesday. July 6, at 0 a. m.
O'BRIEN — In Oakland. July 5, 1901, Annie '
O'Brien, beloved wife of John O'Brien, and I
mother of Mrs. Allicla Lucas, Mrs. May j
Fclge and George O'Brien, a native of Coun-
ty Meath. Ireland, aced 60 years 6 months
and 11 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on Friday, I
July 8, 1004 at 2 p. m. from her late resi-
dence, 14ai Fifth street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where eervU-cs will be held
at 2:30 p. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery.
O'NEILL— In this city. July 4. 1004. Eunicn
Frlel O'Neill beloved widow of the late
Frank O'Neill, and mother of Dr. Arthur |
A. and F. G. O'Neill, a native of Ireland,
aged" 65 years' 2 months and 29 days.
- E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a nolemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment private.- Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 12.19 Market etreet, near
Ninth.
PFIZMAIER— In this city. July 5. 1904. Mag-
gie Friederlcke Pfizmaier. dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Lizzie Ebernpacher, Mrs
Lizzie Bauer, Mrs. Kmma Morris and the
late Charles and Julius Pilzmaler. a native
of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 76 years 6
months and 14 days.
RODGERS— In this city, July 2. 1004, Harry
Rodgers.
ET Remains at Charles J. B. Mctzler's
undertaking parlors. ti3tS Washington street.
RYAN— In St. Louis. Mo.. July 1, 1904; Jo-
seph R. Ryan of Virginia City, Ncv., aged
55 years.
(£7The funeral services will take place
Wednesday. July 6. at Elks' Hall, 223 gut-
ter street, at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
B. P. O. Elks:' Officers arid members of
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 are notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. Jo-
F<-ph R. Ryan, from the lodgeroom, Wednes-
day at 1 p. m. sharp.
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE, Exalted Ruler.
SAWKINS— In this city. July 5. 1004 Maria
Sawkins, a native of England, aged 75 years.
SCANLAN— A month's mind solemn requiem
m^ss will be celebrated for the repose of
the soul of the late Rev. Patrick Scanlan,'
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 a. m., at St.
Joseph's Church. Friends .are Invited to at-
tend.
STONE — In this city. July 4, 1904, Anna L.
Stone, a native of Sweden, aged 39 years 9
months and 28 days.
tT^Remalns at Charles J. B. Metzlrr's
undertaking parlors. <E>6 Washington street.
STROSS— In this city. July 4, 1004, Eralle A..
beloved son of William and Emilie Stross,
and brother of Albert Strosn. a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 years 5 months and 10
•lays.
ITS'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hifi parents. 12') Germanla avenue,
between Hermann and Waller streets, and
thence by electric funeral car leaving Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery for interment.
TOMALTT— In this city, July 4. 1904. Patrick
J.. beloved husband of the late Ellen To-
malty. and beloved father of James C, John
J. Emmet F.^ Adam E.. Joseph, Annie E.
and Alice M., Tomalty, a native of Ireland,
aged 65 years and 6- months.
£7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:'JO o'clock, from his late
residence. 37 Woodward avenue, between
: Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, thence to
'Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WOLFF— In this city. July 5. 1904. Julius, bo-
loved husband of Celia Wolff, beloved son of
T. Wolff, and brother of Harry. Lewis. Wil-
lie and Sadie Wolff, a native of San Fran-
¦ Cisco, aged 25 years 2 months and 23 days.
A member of Housesmiths' and Architectural
•Iron Workers' Local No. 78 and Veteran of
American -Spanish War, Camp Relnhold
Richter.
U-TNotlee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor DIerks. 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Flxth.
Comrade^ Relnhold Richter Camp United
fipanlsh War Veterans, No. 127: You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late comrade, Julius Wolff, from the under-
taking parlors of Theodor \ Dlerks. Mission
¦street, near Sixth, on Thursday, July 7, at'
9:30 a. m. > By order.
OTTO F. HUBER, Commander.
G. H. BALL, Adjutant. •
ST. DOMINICS CHURCH BUILDING ARSO-
. CIATION — The monthly requiem high mass
for the deceased members of St. Dominic's'
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung i
in St. Dominic's Church, Thursday, at 9
a. ro.CHICAGO. July &.— Unfavorable harvesting
weather and a reduction of about 20 per cent
in world's shipments were the' main causes
for a sharp - advance I In ; wheat prices to-day
Final figures on September wheat are 1 u®
194c up. Corn made a net advance of M<S%c.
Oats show a gain of %c. Provisions are prac
tically unchanged. . •
The wheat market opened strong, with Sep
tember up &®%c, to lHfflWc-at 81«i#S2%c.
Among a variety of bullish , factors in the
grain at the 1 start . were wet : weather ! . In the
South vest and . the large decrease in ;" world's
shipments. , Since the adjournment of! the ex
change last' Friday 'rains have been prevalent
in .'the,' Southwest. News from abroad was
equally encouraging to the bulls. RussU
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NBW YORK, July 6.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday. July. 2. as compiled- by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 15,055,000 bushels,' decrease, 305.000
bushels; corn, 6.277,000 bushels, increase 643,
000 tWishfin; oats, 4,34(i,000 bushels, decrease
431,000 bushels; rye, 846,000 bushels, decrease
.18,000 bushels;, barley, 1,223,000 bushels In
crease 11,000 bushels. • •
Visible Grain Supply.
Th* wool market Is reported In very good
shape, the demand being excellent and stocks
greatly reduced. The fall clip will come in- on
a slenderly supplied market, and no near
features are expected until that time. \
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands cell
about Vililc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, OVic: medium. Ac: light. S^c: Cow
Hides 8H0 for heavy and S^e for light; Stag*.
6c- Salted Kip. 0e; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10%«11c; dry Hides. l«c; dry Kip. Wo:
dry Calf 19c Sheepskins, shearlings. 23$30o
each: short Wool. 4(X*<«c each: medium. "50
00c- long Wool. $1«1 50: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for larg* and $2®2 50 for medium. $1 25
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts. Hone
Hides, dry. >1 73 for targe and $1 SO for
medium. $1©1 25 for ¦mall and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
The Rid* market is very steady and saltett
stock Is quoted Vto higher. Other descriptions
remain j about as before. Tallow is slightly
lower. .\:'.'f'i .¦'.. .'
Hops are quiet and largely nominal. Lat*
mall reports from New York say: "Tel*-*
graphic advices received from th* Coast said
that hot. dry winds had destroyed th* vermtn
whlch was injuring the crop in California. The
crop was reported looking 1 well in Oregon and
Washington, although complaints, were heard
that more rain was needed, the scattered show
ers recently experienced not being sufficient.
The crop outlook for this State continued fa
vorable and Judging from the present appear
ance ' of the vine, it Is estimated that tha
State crop will b* from 10 to 25 per cent
larger than last year. Latest cabl* advices
from London continued to complain of ver
min, but the season ts still early and with
reasonably favorable weather no serious dam
age to th* crop from this source is expected.
Cable advices from the Continent report th*
outlook for the growing crops as highly prom
ising. Local dealers continued to report a slow
business with brewers, the latter being able to
contract for -1904 hops at much lower prices
than those ruling for 1903 hops and therefor*
were buyers of only such supplies for th* pres
ent aa were most nrgently needed." -tanSar
"Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was irregular and not materially
changed. Receipts of Hogs at primary points
were reported small.
This market continued quiet, feature!*** and
unchanged
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10c per ft for
heavy, 10Hc for light medium. 12'jc for lUht.
l.T-jc for extra light and 16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Hc; Call.
fornla- Hams, 12' jc: Mesa Beef. |HV^
10 30 per bbl; extra Mess. $11011 30: Family.
$12S12 80; prim* Mess Pork. $14 30; extra,
clear $21; Mess $17 SO: Dry Salted Pork. »\4«?:
Pig Pork. $24; Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Be«f.
14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6<S6t4c .per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half- barrels, pure,
9Ue; 10-lb tins. »«ic; 5-lb tins. »7ic; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8«»c: thr*«
half barrels 8V»c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; flv* tierces. 7%c per lb. -.-. .;.<..
Provisions.
New Peaches and Apricots are meeting- with
a very good demand and are firm. Evaporated
Apples ar* aUll closely held and firm. Th*
local trade say that better prices for Apricots
and Apples are expected this year, on ac
count of short crops and an Improved demand
Th« market for these descriptions wu never
better cleaned up at this- t!m-» of the year
Prone* continue to drag, both here and In th*
East, and art handicapped by the larg* French
crop. Almonds are firm, and dealers say that
there will not be over one-quarter of a crop.
The feature of the Honey market b th* ar
rival of considerable from Honolulu, which la
selling at 3t$©4c per lb. It Is dark and
heavy, and though tt haa body, ts Inferior to
the handsome, clear California product. This
Honolulu Honey and the Cuban Honey offset
the shortage In the California output this year,
so prices remain about the sam*. with a quiet
market, there being few orders here. Tnertf Is
nothing new in Raisins, which are la larg*
supply and dull.
FRUITS — New crop futures— Apricots Tfl
»Hc: Peaches. 54©7^c per lb. Old crop—
Evaporated Apples. 5®7c: sun-drte<J. &S4U&
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2©2Uo for th* four
«t*es. *~
RAISINS — F. o- b. prices Fresno for 1903
crop (subject to change without notice) ar* as
follows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels 4-crOwn. -¦
4c per lb; 3-crown. 4)(«1 2-crown. 4o: Malaga.
loose, S-crown. 4c; 2-crown, 3*ic: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3*£c; seedless
Muscatels. 3 He; do floated. 3^c; Seeded Rats
tns. 16-oz cartons fancy. 3»-jc; choice - S^r.
12-oz cartons, fancy 4>jc: choice, 4%c; la
bulk, fancy. 5Hc; cholc*. 3c: Imperial clus
ters. $3: Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2; London
Layer*. 3-crown. $1 33; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softsheli. 13H<J14c;
No. 2. HHfil2c; No. 1 hardshell. 133 13 He;
No. 2. llfjll^jc: Almonds, ll^e for Nonpa
reils. 11 ViC for I X L. lie for N* Plt» Ultra
and 9 He for Languedoc; Peanuts, (MJ7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11913c; Cocoanuts $4 5093.
HONEY— Comb. 11 12 14c for white a-:<J
10911c for amber; water white extracted 3^
6c; light amber extracted. 4'iS3c; dark.
3W©4c.
BEESWAX— 27«29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,RaisinsJIoney.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The eellectless ef Internal revenue In the
Eac Francisco district during the month of
Jur.s were as follows:
List* $ 21.2«3 27
Beer 00,325 OO
Grain spirits. 72.8«9 72
Fruit spirits 30,3tiS fi9
Exports Ill 30
Cirars and ciga«rtws 22.253 16
fcnuff 23 30
Tobacco 2.126 M
Fpecial tajtes 32.6:;* !*9
I'iaying cards 18 f>O
Documentary .- - - - -;-s 1 SO
ToUI $272,020 31
In Jun». 1J»O3. the collection* were 5227.5S0.
The total collections from January 1 to June
SO were S1..W4.117. against $1,229,095 during
the tame period last year.
Dried Fruit in Nczv York.
Mail advices from N>w York eay:
"Triere is little movement In California
<lr*3 Fruit* at present. The exceptionally lipht
*pot etock of all varieties ke?pe trade fcr
prompt delivery within narrow limits, while
conditions at jxesent surrounding new crop
Coods on the coast incline Jobbers here to
purchase rparimriy. ir 'at all, for early fall
delivery. The mithflrawal of the 2c babis prlrs;
on new cirp Santa Clara Frum-n for first half
of O-tober shipment dots not appear to iia.v«
created any treater lntcieft in the situation,
as it is not ir.Kcr. as Indicating any artual !m
l«»v*nvent in p-neraj conditions on the coast.
<••!>' t-n-.all orders art twins sent out for new
crop AjTir-nts and PeacMcs. the attitude of the'
trade seeming to be or.e of waiting for the
cprning of the shirj-ir..g sea^-ii. when U is be
£ie-ved that terras more favorable than those
¦low offered may be made with packers. In
• ny event it U not believed that prices will
th'n be any higher than they ar e at present.
California Raisins are almost wholly negelect
ed. Th. re oontir.aes a. go<-,d demand for im
ported Battaam Raisins, which an? now run
ning more to the medium irrades, owing to the
increasing scarcity r,t the lower qualities. Sal^s
of siout f-'iO boxes were made yesterday at
prices within the quoted range. The Currant
market was quiet but lairly firm." .
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crc? Bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture, Washington D C
.for *re*k er.<1»d June 2ft. 19o4:
Ntw Enjrlind— All fruits excellent except
• PPles fclirhtirg In Maine.
New Vcrk— Apples, cherries and berries
promising: r*-a<~fces light; pears variable;
Crape* gf rurally good; sucar beets doing well.
Pennsylvania — Peaches scarce; prospects good
for o:her fruits.
Maryland and Delaware— Apples and peaches
Virginia— Aprlee failing.
South Carolina — Melons doing well; peaches
plerttful; sgyias scarce.
Georgia— Helens poor; peach shipments in
«re««!r.(t; Markberries plcnuful.
Florid*— Citrus fruit Improving; pineapples
tno*-tly shipped
Alabama— Peaches yielding well.
Mississippi— M.loas and fruit promising.
Arkansas— Arples ani peaches promising.
Tenn"s»>ee — Eariy fruit ripening well.
Kentucky — Apples falling; peachea doing
»(!1.
MJsso-jri— Fruit prosrects fair.
Illinois— Eterries ar.d grapes . promising;
apples indicate short crop.
Indiana— Apple ar.4 p^ar trees suffering from
blight; fiu't falling.
West Vire-inia — Apples, peaches, pears and
cherries falling; outlook less favorahle.
Ohio — All fruits makire rood growth.
Michigan — Drought shortening strawberry
yield*; fruits, except reaches, promising.
Wisconsin— I.arjre crop of strawberrieg; ap
p!e» good; str.all fruits fair.
Minnesota — Strawberries ripe.
Kansas— Apples falling badly in northeastern
counties.
Oklahoma and Indian Territory— Fruits doing
*?H.
Colorado — Good crops of strawberries and
. ch«rri*s and fine prospects for other fruits.
Xew Mexico— Light crip cherries ripening.
Utah— Fruit doing well.
Oregon — Raspberries ripening- cherries and
apples promising.
Th.e Weather and Crops.
The •weekly r«T»ort of •*• °- MeA3l*. cection
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Rureau. <« as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
NearJy normal weather prevailed during the
week ar.a condition* were favorable, for all
crops. Fogs were frexjuert In the coast dis
tricts and !ig;ht Rhor.-ers of rain fell in come
lections. Ftrens winds June 2S and 29 caused
little damace.
Grain harvesting and thrashing are progress
ing rapidly in all section*. Wheat, oats ariH'
barley are yielding fair tot>* in a few dis
trict*, but the yield in the great valley* and
Southern California is less Than avera?*. The
pram Is generally of good quality. Hay har
'-**ting and haling continue, and the crop is
;aid to be the Urgeet for Mveral years «x
»ept in the South; the hay Ik of excellent qual
; •>•. Hop* «rV making »food growth anfl will
ir'.eld a fair crop In men piaces. Suser bce.tn
«nd beans crmtinue thrifty and will yield good
crop*, thfrtjgh the acreage In beets !s les« than
iisuai in some cw.tioRs. Cqrn and garden vege.
table* are dcing well. Dry feed Is still plen
tiful.
Deciduous fruit «hipm«r.l» from Sacramento
n.zi6 Hun Jos« are much !i*Mer than last sea
eon'*., anfl the crop of early fruits will fall
c«nsia>ral>!y below the average. Pears, prune*
end plum* will probably b« nearly average
crops in. «cro« sectiona and peaches will b«
f*ir. Apples ar« reported light in all »ec
tlcn*. Almonds, olives, orsr.gr* and walnuts
nre in good condition. Berries of all kinds are
abundant ar-J of coo<S quality. Grapes er« in
¦ ••'-r.ifi cosditioa and will make a heavy
crop
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Cool weather
rrevailed during the week and conditions mere
ra.vora.fcle for all crop*. Grain harvest ispro
*rr<*»injr rapidly and thraahtng has commenced.
Wheat, oats snfl barley are of fair quality,
but th« yirtd l» Jlrht in roost place*. Most
cf the rratn U being etored in warehouses.
The hay crop Is large and of good quality;
baling and stacking are • in progress. Hops
¦ r» looking well and a fair crop to probable,
rwy feed hi plentiful. Fruit shipment* from
Fscrnrnetjto are much lighter than last season's
Apricot* ar* ylsWine a very Ilrht crop In
nearly all sections. There will probably be a
larjre crcp of pears and a f*ir crop of prunes, i
plums and pe» r he«. Almcndt are thrifty ax;d
oilvoa are makir.fr rapid growth. Grapes are
in excellent <vmaition ana the >ield will prob
° COAJ^T AND HAY SECTIONS.— The weath
er cnnttmic* cool and generally favorable for
til cr«. 1*. Strong winds June 28 and 29 caused
but little injury to Irnlt. Fogs prevailed in
the cctst district* asd llffbt rain fell la come
section*. Grain harvest is progressing rapidly
and thrashing will commence soon. Wheat,
oats and barley are sielding very good crop*
in most sections. Hay harvesting and baling
continue; the yield is better than usual in
some places and the hay of superior quality.
Hops, Kuear tyets, beans and vegetables are
doing well. The acreage in sugar beets is
smaller then usual. l>ry feed Is still plentiful.
Fruit shipments are reported lighter than last
season's, but considerable quantities are go
ing East from San Jose and Vacaville. Apri
cots In San Benito County are yielding a good
crop. Grapes are in first-class condition and
a heavy crop is expected.
SAN JOAQU1N VALLEY.— Clear and sea
sonable weather prevailed during the past
wee*; with high wind on Tuesday, which
caused Might damage to ' fruit in some sec
tion*. Grain harvest continues in all. sections.
Barley is a fair crop, but wheat is generally
light and shows the effect of early dry winds.
Haying continues in pome places, and baling is
progressing. The fruit crop is ripening rapidly,
and In seme localities is good. Peaches, nec
tarines, firs. ' Tragedy and Simoni prunes are
ripe and beirg shipped in large quantities.
Canneries and dryers are in full operation. A
large crop of melons is being harvested.
<rrai>«s are making Rood progress and a large
crop is exacted. Orange prospects are very
good, but lemons will be a short crop. Feed
is getting scarce, but stock Is healthy and In
fair condition. Irrieation wster Is gettlnK low.
SOVTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Fair weather
continued during the week, with fogs along
the coast, • Grain thrashing Is in progress, and
in a few .rdaces *be yield of barley and oats is
reported fair. The- hay crop is l'.cht. Sugar
beets and bean? are in gooti condition and give
promise of fair crops. Walnuts are doing well,
bot the. yield . tv.Ul i>it>bably_be.less than aver-.
»C*- Peach trees are in poor condition and
the crop will l>e lioiit. Apricots are of fair
quality and the yield is light. Melons are
plentiful. Vineyards continue In good condi
tion, with prospects of a large yield of raisin,
wine and taMe grapes. Oranges are doing
well.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Hay harvesting is
rrocressins rar>i<ily. Oats p.nd barley Are in
fine cr-ndition and will yield a ! heavy crop.
Vegetables art making healthy growth. Dry
and warm in the Interior; rain needed. Straws
berries are abundant and of excellent quality.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Apricot har
vest begun: crop reported Fmall: -peaches also
promise light crop. Irrigating In full prog
ress, as soil Eeems unusually dry.
Weather Report.
«20ih Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 5—5 p. m.
Th# following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day:
Boston 78-M Xew Orleans. 90-76
Cincinnati 88-70 Philadelphia .....84-72
Jacksonville 9O-7t! Washington .....86-74
£t. Louin R4-66 New York 80-60
Esn Francisco. . . .C0-52
THE COAST RECORD.
I o£ °3 3* s
STATIONS. X 1 1? I a'f |° f
1 5 ; • . ¦ ?
; » • • : I:-,' . '
Baker 29. R4 82 54 NW Pt.Cldy .OO
Carson .......23.74 62- 50 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 20.96 50 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno ... 29.72 96 54 NW Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.2».03 ¦ 54 50 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 2».8Q 78-36 SW Clear .00
Pocatello ....29.80 SO 52 N Pt.Cldy 06
Independence . 29.ftS W 56 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. «4 74-56 W Clear 00
Mt TamaIpais.29.R8 79 48 NW dear 00
North Head...30.P2 54 B2 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.62 104 72 W Hear 00
Pt Reyes Lt.. 29. S4 .58 48 NW Foggy |oO
Portland 29.94 70 58 NW Clear 00
Red Bluff.: ...29.68 JOO 70 N Clear 00
P.os*burK ....2!».92 SI 54 NE Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.74 8S 56 S Clear 00
Halt Lake 29.7(1 M> «2 NW cloudy .00
San Franc! sco. 29. ss 60 32 W Clear 00
San L. Obispo.29.»0 70 52 W Clear 00
Fan Diego 29.86 68 «0 W Clear 00
Seattle .3O.f>2 74 54 NW Clear 00
Fnokane 29. M i»0 <!2 N Cloudy 00'
Taloosh 3O.0fi 5« 50 HW Pt.Cldy 00
Walla Walla.. 29. M DO 62 NW near .00
VVlnnemucca .23. SO W 46 NE Cloudy 02
Vuma 29.62 102 W ¦ SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Oregon
and risen elowly over Nevada. A thunder
storm is rejvarted at 'Boise.
Th<» temperature hae risen about fix degrees
in the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys.
Over Oregon there has been a rise of about
eight decrees.
Light showers are reported in Northern Ne
va/la anJ Southern Idaho.
Forecast made at fian Francisco for thirty
I hour* ending midnight. July 6: • • .,
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; warmer
In the Interior; possibly thunder ntorms In the
Sierras in the afternoon; briek- westerly winds
on the coast, with fog.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
¦ Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day with fog in the morning and at night;
:reth westerly wind.
A. . O. McAdie, District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m
12Cth meridian time. San Francisco, July 5:'
' * g -c ~ a
¦ "is'ii I : H
.STATIONS. E 3 E o < • ga
V ? r 1 ll
: i. S. ?. Ssi
Cloverdale 90 51 .. Tew 00
Colusa 02 C2 .. ciwr M
Kureka x . 50 52 NW Cloudy *00
Fresno.. 99 64 NW Clear 'oo
Hanford fl5 60 ... clear 00
HolIIster. 75 Cl W PWy *OO
Independence 90 «6 be Clear '00
King City S3 !V0 .. clear ' <W
Llvtrmore 88 52'.. ci»ar 'oo
Los Angeles 74 5« w Clear "00
Merced ...; 87 47 ..• Clear : 00
Newcastle OS 60 S Clear *00
Newman ¦ ....100 50 •.. Clear "00
Palermo »8 60 .. Clear • 'ofl
Red Bluff .100 70 N citer 00
Rlverrlde ... 89 54 .. Clear "60
Sacramento ... .... f>8 At S Clear ' 00
Ban Diego *.,...,.. j.» 68 60 .W. Clear
options, but th» brokers and shippers say that
to charter their vessels now, at current prices
for Wheat, they would have to take about 5s
less. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 3050. against 22.100 tons
on the same data last year; disengaged, 83,450
tons, against 84.400; on the way to this port.
250,500 tons, against 393.000.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm,
with higher futures. The world's shipment*
for the week were as follows. In quarters:
Russian. 389.000: Danublan, 25.000; Argentine.
67.000; Indian. 277,000; Australian. 2S,8CX>. The
American visible supply decreased 597.000 I
bU3hels.
Chicago advanced 2c on exceedingly stronr
cables and wet weather In Kansas and other
parts of the Southwest. Milwaukee reported
a soort demand for Wheat by the mills. Min
neapolis reported too much rain In that re
gion, and said that the Red River Valley could
hardly raise half a crop. ,
The San Francisco market was higher as to
futures, but weak and quiet as to th« cash
grain, though quotations remained unchanged.
The advance In futures was sympathetic with
Chicago.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 27%@r 32%; California
TThlte Australian. $1 62%®1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 30®l 35; Northern Bluestem. $1 50
Cl 55 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session B to 11:30 a. a.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 28% $1 29 $1 28% $1 28%
t P. rn. Session. ¦
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 2S% $1 29 $1 28% $1 29
BARLEY — Offerings were heavy, as ther«
were three days' receipts, amounting to 31,463
ctls. to work off. and the- cash grain naturally
declined under the pressure. Futures, how
ever, were firmer, but purely in sympathy with
Wheat. •
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $101 01% for old and 95®93%e for
new; old Brewing. $1 05@l 07%; Chevalier.
$1 02%Cl 10 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
8esslon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
>• Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 94 94% 94 94%
2 p. m. Session.
1; Open. High. Low. C*los«.
December... 84% 94% 94 94
OATS— Receipts for the past three days foot
up 5739 ctls. The market Is quiet and not ma
terially changed. Offerings are sufficient for
current needs. The quotations for old and
new crop are now closing together, and the old
crop will soon cease, to figure.
Old crop— White. JiafkrU 35; Black. $1 15©
1 20; Red. $1 20@l 25. New cropv-Red, $1 17%
ei 25; Gray. $1 32%@1 37% per ctl.
CORN — Prices remain about the same as at
the close of last week and the market Is quiet
and* not over brisk. Receipt* from the West
have been suspended for some days past.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 47% for Yellow.
$1 45®1 47% for White and $1 45 for Mixed;
! California large Yellow. $1 45©1 50; small
I round do. $1 50©l 60: White $1 45©l 50 p«r
ctl; Egyptian, $1 SCSI 35 for White and
$1 25@l 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl. There is no
further news to report in this market, which
continues quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $1 7502 per etl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
A fair demand for Flour and th« other
products Is still reported by the millers with
prices unchanged
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 90. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5O@4 8<>:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 85^i 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $.1 50; extra cream do $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy f4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $«;
Farina, $4 50 : Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 «O; In sacks. $0 75<$
8 10; Pearl Barley. $«; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay for the past three days foot
up 1042 tons, and all this came upon th« mar
ket yesterday, with the result that the feeling
was very weak, though there wa» no positive I
decline. The same condition prevailed in Bran |
of which 65S0 sacks were received from the
north, rendering the market easy. Prices were
I no lower, but reduced quotations were given
1 for Cracked Corn, Corn Meal. Mixed Feed and
I Rolled Barley
BRAN— $22323 per ton
\ MIDDLINGS— $24£29 per ton.
SHOHTS-^$22f{23 per ton.
I FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21622 per
• ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $30 5(%31 5O:
Jobbing, $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22323; Corn
• Meal. $30 SO^l CO; Cracked Corn. $31 ©32;
Mixed Feed. $22^22 50; Horse Beans. $30®4O
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 60c per ctl.
HAY— Old crop— Wheat $ioni4 50; Wheat
i and Oat. $1I«13; Oat. $fHtl2; Wild Oat $S<®
11; Barley and Oat., $0#ll: Stock $T«?S; Al
falfa, $7@10. New crop — Volunteer Wild Oat.
$7(ff9 per ton: Wheat. S!M?12 50- Wheat and
, Oat* $9<gll 50: Oat. $9fflo SO; Clover. $6 50®
: 8 50: Alfalfa z $6gS per ton.
I STRAW— 6O@S0c per bale. j
Beans and Seeds.
.;
. Everything in this line is dull and business
Is of a holiday character. Quotations remain
I unchanged.
1 BEANS— Bayos. $2 40<S2 55: Pea. $2 00(f3;
! Butters $3: small White, $2 83©3 10; large
! White, $2 3502 60; Pink. $.1 40«3 50; Red.
! $4 25<ft4 50; Lima, $3 30©3 40; Red Kidneys.
; $4.75@5; Blackeye. $2 05@2 15 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $2@2 50
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 25*r4 50; Yellow
Mustard, $2 5(Vg3; Flax. $1 75@2: Canary.
5i~;«5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@16c; Rape.
2'q2\^c; Timothy 6<06%c; Hemp, 3%@4c per
lb; Millet. 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20©21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
j $3 25; Green Peas, $3@3 23.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy over the
holidays and the market waa decidedly weaker.
White were still quoted up to $2 per cental. |
but it was difficult to obtain over $1 85 even
for the fanciest stock. The red varieties were
lower under a light demand, nearly ail ship
ping orders having been filled on Saturday.
\New red Onions were in light receipt and
firmer under a good demand for shipment,
.while Yellow were plentiful and weaker.
- Prices of miscellaneous vegetables still had
a downward tendency under heavy receipts of
most descriptions. Cucumbers and Suramer
Squash were very weak and small packages
of both were almost unsalable. Large boxes
of Tomatoes from the river were In Increased
supply and lower, while small packages were
steady, although plentiful. Another carload
came in from Mississippi and oold of! well at
$1 50 per crate. Fancy Green Corn was In
good request at steady prices, while poor stock
dragged.
POTATOES— New White. $1 50*J2 per etl;
Early Rose. $1 50@l 75 per *?». Garnet Chiles.
$1 60@l 75 per ctl; old Potatoes, $1QI 25 per
cental. . _
ONIONS— New Red. 90c@$l 10 per sack; Sll
vcrsklns. $1 25<@1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1 25@2 per
sack or crate; Asparagus. 4©7c per lb: Rhu
barb. 40665c per box; Garden Peas. 4%@5c
per lb; String and Wax Beans. 2(0 4c per lb:
Tomatoes In small boxes and crates. $1 259
1 50: large open boxes, $2ff2 50; Summer
Squash. 25<@35c for small and 50@75c for large
boxes; Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots. $1 per
sack: Cucumbers. 30©40c per box for small
and CVfffc.'c for large boxes: Garlic. 304c per
lb; Egg Plant, R@Sc per lb: Dried Peppers. 8©
10c for sun-dried and 12%©13c per lb for evap
orated; Dried Okra. 12%@15c per lb; Green
Okra, per lb; Green Peppers, 8@10c p«p
lb for Chile and 10@15c for Bell.
Poidtry and Game.
Two cars of Western Poultry. Including one
that came In on the preceding day. were
marketed and the receipts from domestic ship
ping points were liberal. Young chickens were
in good .request and Broilers were firmer, while
Hens and old Roosters were very dull, and as
usual there was quite a quantity unsold at the
Close. There was very little inquiry for Ducks
and Geese, which were quoted lower. Young
Pigeons were dull and easier, while old were
wanted for shooting purposes and were firm.
Wild Doves arrived freely and were cheap,
while Hare and Rabbits were in light receipt
and firm. •
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14015c per lb:
Geese, per pair. $1 2501 50; Goslings, $1 23»
1 50: Ducks. $3 50tfr4 50 per dozen for old and
$4U5 for young; Hens, $4 60<85 for large and
$1(54 50 for small; young Roosters, $7 50©9;
old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $5®5 50; Broil
ers $3 r.0-34 for large and $2 50«S3 for small;
Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25*p
1 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. $1 p«r dosea; Hare.
$150 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was plenty of Butter on th« market
yesterday, and the feeling was naturally weak
but quotations were . unchanged. Cheese was
steady at previous prices, though there Is an
advancing tendency In choice mild new. which
Is In moderate supply. Oregon continues a lib
eral shipper of Cheese to this market.
Eggs are doing better and ranch have again
advanced. Dealers "obtained '24c readily yes
terday, and several quoted* even higher. The
medium grades are sympathizing with ranch
and the whole line Is firm. Strictly fin* ranch
are none too plentiful now.
Receipts for 72 hours were 181,100 It* But
ter 2181 cases- Eggs and 20.200 lbs Cheese
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 21«22c
tor extras and 19#20c for firsts; dairy.' lHfilSo;
Store Butter 13® 15c; cold storage, nominal. -
CHEESE— 8%©9c for choice rtiild new and
7<&8c for lower grades; Young Americas.
8%©10%c; Eastern. 12%ei4e; Western.' 11 ©12c
per lb. ¦¦¦'" --,.„•».¦'..
. EGGS— Ranch. 22©24c for fair to choice:
store. 17® 10c: Eastern, 19@20c for firsts and
101iei8c for seconds.
Lead was al«o a little higher abroad, closing
at £11 lls .'id. while here it remained un
changed at $4 2.W4 33.
Spelter was unchanged at £66 in London.
Here It was easy at $4 6&@4 05.
Iron'clofcM.ftt 51s fid in Glasgow and at 42s
6d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron Is quiet. No.
1. foundry, Northern, la quoted at $14 50015;
No, 2 foundry. Northern. $13 75@14 25; No. 1
foundry, Southern." and No. 1 foundry. South
ern, soft, $)3 25®13 75. Pig Iron warrants are
weak at $9.
NEW YORK. July 5. — Tin was weak In the-
London market, .prices there being more than
£1 lower as compared with the closing figures
of last Friday, with both spot and futures
quoted at £117. Locally the market was
easier In sympathy with the foreign loesea and
closed at $2.", 65@26.
.Copper was a little higher In London clos
ing at £57 2s 6d for spot and £57 for futures.
tLocAlly copper remains steady. .Lake is quoted
?at »12 tt2Vj@12 75. electrolytic at $12 50®12 t52U
and casting at $12 12%@12 25.
New York Metal Market.
PRUNES— Show littlo feature. New crop
Santa Clara fruit Is still offered at 2c f. o. b.
the coast for the four bIms. Locally the spot
market is unchanged, with prices ranging
from 2%c to 6%?, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are quiet. Choice are held at
O%<fflOo; extra choice, 10%@10%c; fancy,
11013c.
PEACHES — Are firm. Choice, 7V«c; axtra
choice, 7%<98c; fancy; 0%@10c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet, with some light demand, but supplies
are not heavy and holders, show confidence.
Common are quoted at 4€5%c; prime, 5%@6c;
choice. •H^irafl*4c: fancy. 7c.
DRIED FRUITS
Cons for money... 90% NY Central 119%
Do for acct 90\J Nor & Western... 57% j
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 88%
Atchison 75 Ont & Western . . % 27%
Do pfd 9C'i Pennsylvania 59%
Bait & Ohio MV t nand Mines ..... 10%;
C«rr Pacific 12S% Rpadlnt? ". . . 24% i
Chfs & Ohio 31% Do #Kt pfd 42
Ch| Oreat Weft.. 14 I Do 2d pfd 35
iChj Mil & St P..147%|So Railway 23%
De Beers 1UK\ Do pfd ...87 i
Den & Rio G 21%'Po Pacific 48i,i
. Do pfd 70%| Union Pacific »1%
Ey" 24M Do nfd 95
Do 1st nfd fiOUiU S Steel.. 10 I
Do 2d pfd .16V4I Efo pfd 57%
111 Central 13ft%| Yl'Mbash Ifi%
T^oulu & N'ash in I D« pfd 3B%
M K & Texas... 17V4! Spanish 4s 86
Bar silver— Quiet. 26 13-16d per ounce.
Money— 1% 61% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for.
short bills is 1% ppr cent and for three months'
bills 1T4@1 15-10 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 5.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
nnce, $160,529,306: srold, $C3,889,$00.
., New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 5. — Spot closed quiet, 25
points lower. Middling uplands. 10.60c; mid
dling gulf. 1O.8.V. Sales, 3500 bales. v
Futures closed steady. July, 10.07c: August.
10.10c; September, 0.4CV: October, 9.29c; No
vember 0.25c; December, 9.28c; January,
9.29c;- March, 0.3Cc.
\
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK,. July 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
40.200 barrels; "exports, 22.900 barrels. In
active and barely steady; winter patent?, $4 85
05 10; winter straights. $4 60® I 75; Min
nesota patents. $1 85<g5 10; winter extras,
$.1 3503 SO; Minnesota bakers, $3 C5©3 95;
Winter low grades, $3 15ff3 CO. .
WHEAT— Receipts, 75,900 bushels; spot,
firm: No. 2 red. nominal; elevator No. 2 red,
$1 OS* 5 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
$1 00% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options gained ma
terial headway to-day owing to the . bullish
cables and foreign crop news, together with
complaints of damage to domestic wheat by
excessive raos. Decided strength in outside
markets also affected prices here. The close
.chewed l%«2o net advance; July, 91V4@9l*ic.
doted at 01%c; September. 85%@87c, closed
'< at SflSic: December, 85%@S«7ic. closed at
HOPS— Easy; Pacific Coast, 1902. 23(5 29c;
llKtt, 21@23c; old. 7©13e.
H 1 13ES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 lbs. 19c.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair refining, 3 7-16c;
centrifugal, 06 test, « 15-ltSc; molass?s sugar.
3 JMCcv Reflned, steady; No. «, 4.6Oc; No. 7.
4.55c; No. 8, 4.4'Oc; No. 9, 4.45c; No. It),
4.40c; No. 11, 4.35c; No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13.
4.23c; No. 14, 4.20c; mold A, 5.35c; cut loaf,
5.70c; crushed. 5.70c; powdered, 5.10c; granu
lated. 5c; cubos. 5.25c; confectioners. 4.85c. -
COFFEE — Spnt'Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice.
7 3-lOc; mild, steady; Cordova, 0%@12c; Fu
tures opened steady at an advance of lO'ulo
points on covering In sympathy with Euro
pean cables and continued light receipts. De
mand was limited, however, 'and the estimates
¦for Brazilian movement during July running
somewhat over expectations In the afternoon
turned the market easier In the absence of
outside buying orders, but after selling off
about 5 points recovered the loss and was
finally steady at a net advance of 10@15
points. Sales were reported of 25,500 bags.
Including September, (i.OJVgG.lOc; December.
6.35@0.46e; March, 6.65®6.70c; May, 6.85©
6.90c.
BUTTER — Creamery, common to extra. 13®
18c: State dAlry, common to extra, 13@17c.
CHEESE— Large white and colored, 7%c;
small white. 8%c; small colored, §%c.
EGGS — Western selected, 18%@19c; do,
prime. 17%@13c.
London Closing Stocks.
NEW YORK. July; 6. — Operators in stocks
demonstrated with more confidence and effect
In to-day's stock market than for a long time
past. The market w*s still a dull and narrow j
one. Judged by old standards, but it was lifted !
quite decisively from the profound lethargy :
which has been its recent characteristic* The >
obstinate resistance cf the market for some
time past to news of an unfavorable kind has
carried a suggestion that selling has been |
largely accomplished already in anticipation of
these evils and that the market was ottering an .
unyielding surface which would afford an ad
vantage and basis for bolder operations for a i
rise. Bolder and more powerful to-day's oper- |
atlons unquestionably were, arousing the usual
surmise* as to their origin, with nothing to af
ford a reliable answer to the question. Strength
at the outset was largely confined to the local
group. it was after the reaction in these
stocks and the effect of nome selling for Lon- ]
don account that the buying which Impressed
sentiment developed in Union Pacific and
spread to other portions of. the railroad list,
resulting in a fairly general uplift of prices to
the extent of 1 to 1 Vi points. Union Pacific
Itself rose 2%. The clew to the movement
could hardly be found in the crop news, as
the wheat market was more or le«s disturbed
by damage rumors and by a mixed Interpreta
tion of the weekly bulletin of the Weather
Bureau. The small reaction on profit taking
in the last hour, when the buying was tempo
rarily discontinued, increased the confidence In
the movement and the closing was active and
fairly buoyant.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$2,ft5O.C0O.
United States bonds were unchanged on call. '
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison lii.Kix* 74% - 73 74»4
Atchison pfd 1,700 »4« 4 1*3% 94'
Baltimore & Ohio. «,<xX> 81% HOJi, 81»i '
Bait & Ohio pfd... luo 82% l)2»i 92
Canadian Pacific ... 2.SOO 125Vi J24';s 125%
Central of N J 700 UK*' 1«2 i«3 .
Ches & Ohio....... 1,000 X\% 31 31%
Chicago & Alton.. 30w 3Si g 3h', 8 3S%
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 SO it 8'»" 4 78
Chicago & Gt Went 1,200 14% 13% 14%
Chicago*: N W... 3W) 17o'i 170% 170%
«."hl. M 4 St Paul, lfl.800 115-v. 143% 145
C M & .St Paul pfd 17»
Chi Term & Tran. QU.
Chi T &-T pfd 100 15% 15*. 1«'
C C C & St Louis. . 300 71 7o 7f%
Colorado Southern.. loo 11 18 15%
Colo So 1st pfd 45'
Colo So 2d pfd loo 2u% 20% 2»j
Del & Hudson .. 3,700 158*i 157 158 Vi
Del Lack & West.. 2<>o 270 270 270
Denver & Rio Gr.. 200 21 21 2CM
Den & Rio Or pfd. loo 70 70 09%
Erie , . . . 5,700 24 % 2.1% 24 ;
Erie 1st pfd 1,500 59% 69 58%
Erie 2d pfd 700 34% 34% 34%
Hocking Valley .... <h
Hocking Val pfd 80%
Illinois Central ...' 400 132% 132U 132%
Iowa Central 148
Iowa Central pfd 34
K C Southern loo 21 U 21 'i 21
K C Southern jpfd 42
Leulsv & Nashv... 5.200 111% 110 m%
Manhattan L 1.200 l.V>% 149% 149%
Metropol Securities 4,300 85 83% J>4%
Met Street Ry 23.700 116 114% 115
Mir.n & St Louis.. 100 44% 4»>-i. 42 '
MStPiSSM., 300 67 67 " e»}%
M SP & S S M pfd ., 123U
Missouri PaclHc .. 5,7oO 92 00% 91%
Mis Kans A Texas 200 , 16% 16% 1C%
M K & T pfd 600 37% 37 37%
N R P. of Mex pfd ..... 37
N Y Central 2.200 116»4 115 115%
Norfolk & West... 3,400 57% 56% 57'
Nor & West pfd J 85
Ontario & Western. 9,200 27% 2i?% 27 '
Pennsylvania 22,400 118% 115% llli%
P C C & St Louis ... 5714
Reading ". . . 18,000 " 48 47 47%
Reading 1st pfd... 200 82% 82% 82'4
Reading 2d pfd 300 C8% 68 «8U
Rock Island Co 16.000 21% 20% 21%
Rock Island Co pfd 1,300 fitUi 65' 6«V6
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 46 43% 4«
Ft Louis S W 200 11 11 ' 1115
St Louis S W pfd 28V4
Southern Pacific .. 19,300 48 47% 47^
Southern Railway. 5,600 22% 21% 22
Southern' Ry pfd... 900 87 86 S0*i
Texas A Pacific... 1,300 23% 22% 23V4
Tol St L & West.. 100 24% 24% 24
T St L * West pfd , . 37
Union Pacific 50,400 91% 88% 90%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 93'i 93% 93
Wabash .... i5K
Waba*h pfd 200 34% 34% 84 U
Wheel A Lake E.. '. .... 15%
Wisconsin Central. 3oo 17 1«1% i«ti
Welconsln Cent' pfd 200 39 n^% 39
Mexican Central... 10O 7% 7% • 7T4
Express companies —
Adams / 225
American 100 100 190 lf»0
United States 104
Wells-Fargo ...... 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper. ...... 0,900 5rt% 50 50%
Am Car & Fdry... 1,800 15% 15 15%
Am Car & F pfd 72
Am Cotton Oil .. 26%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. '88
Am Ice :"..... .... 6%
Am Ice pfd ¦ .... 27 U
Am Linseed Oil 7
Am Linseed Oil pfd 23
Am Locomotive. ... 700 20% 19% 20
Am Locomotive pfd ..... S2
-Am Smelt A Rfng. 1,000 54% 54% 54%
Am S & R pfd.... ICO 97 97 J)6%
Am Sugar Rfng 300 128% 127% 12fi%
Anaconda Mln Co 72
Brooklyn R T.... . 11,700 49% 49 - 49%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 200 30% 30% 30%
Consolidated Ga*. .. 1.800 11)4 193 193%
Corn Products.. iftsj
com Products pfd my%
Distillers' S«»cur 22
deneral Electric... 1,200 1W 150 ir>8
Inter Paper 100 12 12 lift
Inter Paper pfd 07'
Inter Pump ..... 2$%
.Inter Pump- pfd.... ..... 72
National Lead 20
North American... 200 87 87 ROiA
Pacific Mail - P71?
People's Gas 1.400 98% 8S 98%
Pressed Strel Car. ... 26%
SC pf<S.... ..... 70
Pullman Pal Car. . 100 220 220 220
Republic Steel S00 «% «% qu
Republic Steel pfd. 700 42 42 41
Rubber Goods .... 15.
Rubber Goods pfd 77%
Tenii Coal & Iron. . • 300 35% • 85 35%
TJ S Leather 100 C% <j% e»C
V S Leather pfd,.. 400 80% 80% 80
V 8 Realty 5%
U S Realty pfd..'.. 88,
U 8 Rubber. ...:.. 200 16U lfl 16
U S Rubber pfd... 200 .66% -«0% 63%
XT S Steel «... 1.400 10W, 0% 10
U 8 Steel pfd 22,700 60% 55% 56%
WestlnghoUse Eleo- 400 157 156- 156-
Western Union.... 600 88 80% 87%
Total sales... 844,200.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
. NEW YORK. July 6. — Bond transactions :
15.000 at $80 60. 8000 at $80 62%, 10,000 at
$80 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, asked 4%; preferred, bid
88%. asked 30.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S' ref 2s reg..lO4*.;|L & N unlHed 4i.loO
Do coupon. ....104*4|Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg......lO5 M«>x" Central 4s... 62
' Do coupon. ... .106 Do 1st inc.;... l.Ti
Do new 4s reg.l32'J Minn <t .St L 4s. 96%
Do coupon 132% M. K& Texas 4«. 9fl
Do old 4s reg.ioou Do 2ds . ..._7»
Do coupon. ;...1OS% NR of Mex con 48 77%
Atchgen 4s .....102% NY C sen 3%s.. 99;,
New York Stock Market.
«rt ri?™^ Pack * d for » h| PP'n* »«• >a
«i «« \i. M<l " ucn • toclt cleaned up w%ll at
?n rm»n h * to ? < > uot *"°'»- Ordinary^ offertnsi
ihnifS 1 P !* c . ka^* <l wer » **>«ndant and, al
though local trad* was active, there waa a
heavy surplus still on hand at the closo. Figs
descrintT^***'",^^ 11 M th * ""t Plentiful
iS. i' k f3 120 ° P» ck *S«« being- received.
£f££5. i? Ps 1 * were lower - ** * considerable
E£t \, l receipts from tn* river dis
l£%; * ovM-rlpe ana otherwia* in poo*
condition and had to be diaposed/Tf quIcklyT
The cannerm paid $20 per ton foi<Vood. sound
oCerlngB of the white variety, but
to buy poor lots for $12®13. Good yellow £".
rietle« sold for canning account at $23<jy3<\
and an occasional lot commanded a. pr«ialum
There were no Cherries received from Cali
fornia Points, but a few small consignments of
Poor stock came In from Oregon and sol* at
ouc per drawer. Cantaloupe* and Nutmer
Melon* wer« plentiful and *a«i«r. while. Water
melons were steady deaplte the cool weather.
Grapes were mostly poor and sold slowly at
easier rates^ Berries continued weak, with th»
ftj n f r " ta * lns surplus stocks of Raspberrtea
and large Strawberries at the minimum quota,
tlons. Currants advanced sharply under d«:
creased receipts. Citrus and Tropical fruits
W o l St» r ?^T at ' ly actlve «t unchanged rates.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<35 per chest for Long-
V%? f(3 M for tn * vazlatus.
«S 0 *w2 B^S B SsS »" SS5 tor rad
BLACKBERRIES — $3«4 per chest.
RASPBERRIES-$3 50!ff8^r chert
CURRAKTS-406750 jler drawer!
CHERRIES— 50c per drawer
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crate*. BO«SSe:
baskets. S3® 40c: in bulk. l%92%e perlbt*
the trade and $15@3O per ton to the. canners.
APPLES— Large boxes. 75c<3!l 34; small
boxes. X3<S50c: baskets, 25«35c
PEARS— 40©«3c per box for small green Ta
rleties and $1 25©1 50 for Bartlett.
PEACHES-40c©$l per box or earrler;
baskets. 50@75c; large open boxes $1
PLUMS— 60©85c per box or crate and 40««0e
P !H *££* t: Trashy Prunes. 75@S5c per crat»
arfi 65^75o per basket.
- FIGS— S0@40c for single- layer and 5(Vff7.V5
for double layer boxes; large boxes from th»
river. tl'Sl 25.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 50^2 p«r crat«-
Nutmeg Melons, $1 50 per box; Watermelons.
l%c per Id.
GRAPES— $1(51 25 per crate
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25©3
?? r «v^«'«?" , to " t2 " and fl n »»ty: Val«ncias.
$1 50«2 5O; Mediterranean Sweets. %l S0ig2-
Lemons. $2 25«?2 75 for fancy. $1 50@l 75 for
choice and $1^1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit.
Jl 3C@2 60; Mexican Limes. $4@4 30 per case;
Bananas, per bunch for Central American
and $1(82 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $l 5CO
2 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK. July 5. — Close: Money on
call — Easy. 1@1% per cent; closing bid, '1; of
fered, 1%;
Time loans — Firm. Sixty days, 2 per cent;
ninety days. 2%; six months. 3Vt@3%. .
Prime mercantile paper — 3%(f 4 per cent.
Sterling exchange — Firmer, with artutl.hunl
nets In bankers 1 bills at $4.R720<8»>725 for
demand and at $4.8535#4.S545 for sixty day
bills. I ¦ *
Posted rates— $4 86«N 88.
Commercial bills— $4 85%©4 85%.
Bar silver— 5S%c.
Mexican dollars — 46%c.
Bond* — Governments, steady; railroads, firm.
fNew York Money Market.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— IU S Steel .'. 8%
Call loans 2@3% Do pfd 50%
Time loans a®4% Westing Common. 76
B6nds — Mining — *
Atchison 4s 101% Adventure. 1%
Do adj 4e\ 93% Allouex .......... 8%
Mex Central^s... 41 Amal Copper .... 80%
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9%
Atchison 74% Atlantic 7%
Do pfd 94 Bingham 24
Boston & Albany. 244 t Calumet & Hecla.460
Boston & Maine. .1«5 | Centennial ....... 20%
Boston Elev 148 Copper Range 43%
Fltchburg pfd. ...136% Daly West 23%
N Y. N H & H..191 Dom Coal 43
I'ere MarqUette... 78 Franklin 7%
Union Pacific 90% Grancy 3
Miscellaneous — Isle -Royale 8
Amer Arge Chem. 13% Mass Mining .... 33%
Do pfd 73% Michigan 3%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mohawk 40%
Amer Sugar ....127% Mont Coal & Coke 3^4
Do pfd 129% Old Dominion ... 12>4
Arner Tel ft Tel. 120 lOsceola 61
Amer Woolen ... 10%| Parrot 25
Do pfd ,.75>i|Qulncy 82
Dom Iron "A S... 7%|Shannon 5%
Ed Elect Ilium... 245 I Tamarack 91
Oen Electric ....156 (Trinity 40%
Mass Electric... 19% US Mining 21%
Do pfd 72 U 8 Oil ....10
Mass Gas 39% Utah 37%
United Fruit 1*8 Victoria 2%
Un Shoe Maeh... 4!)% Wlnona 7
Do pfd 29UI Wolverine . .. 73%
EASTERN MARKETS.
Stockton — Early varieties canning 'peaches
showing well, ripening In two weeks. _
Hanford — Grain doing excellent; peaches
ripening fast; good prospects for grapes. -
HollUter— Peach crop better than estimated;
good quality.
Colusa — Barley harvesting continuues; very
little wheat sown in this vicinity. ' ' .
San Jose — Old prunes on hand estimated at
COO car*. . - • ¦ :
Cloverdale — Few white figs ripe, black figs
getting - ripe- ' •
Palermo — Wheat harvesting in progress; crop
not as large aa first expected; damaged by
north winds.
Llvermore — Barley turning out very poorly.
Willows — Weather conditions favorable for
all crops.
King City— Foggy morning.
Newman — No chanre.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged^-
A. O. McADIE.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Wall-street Stocks higher and strong. Cotton lower.
Government report gives Cotton crop a high condition.
Local Stocks dull, with only one exchange in session.
Silver l / 2 c higher. Exchange shows little variation.
Wheat and Barley futures firm. Cash Barky loiver.
Wheat Freights dull and nominal, rvith tonnage plentiful:
Ods, Corn and Rye about as before quoted.
Hay weak, with large offerings. Several Feedstuff s lower.
Flour end 'MillstufFs in fair demand.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous quotations.
Butter in Jiecrry receipt and weak. Cheese steady.
Eggs higher, with finer grades cleaning up.
Dried Apples, Peaches and Apricots very firm.
Prtmes and Raisins in large supply and weak.
HaztxUian and Cuban Honey competing with California article.
Local trade expects a short output of Almonds.
Provisions still quiet here and in the. West. \ '
Wool market in excellent condition and well cleaned up.
Hops quiet and nominal. Hides firmer and Tallow zceaker.
Beef lower. Beef and Mutton mostly lean and poor. .
Vealy Lmnb and Pork as before quoted.
Canned Tomatoes in liberal suppl^and zceak.
Potatoes continue weak under large arrivals. .
Vegetables and Onions still coming in freely.
Poultry in good supply and weak. Wild Doves plentiful.
Good fresh Fruit in demand for shipment.
Fresh Tomatoes still coming in from Mississippi.
San Francisco 60 52 W Clear .00
San Jose 70 54 .. Clear .00
San Luis Obispo ... 70 52 W Clear .00
Stockton :. 87 62 .. Clear .00
Willows 99 62 N Clear .00
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
Do adj 4s ..... 94 N J C gen Bs 132;
Atlantic C L 4s. 97% Nor Pac 4s ......103%
Bait & Ohio 4S..1C3N, Do 3s 74
Do 3%s 94% Nor & W con 4s..lC0%
Central of da Ss.lllia OSL 4s & partlc. 97
Do 1st inc.... 74 Fa conv 3%s.... 96%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5% Reading gen 4s... 99
Chi & Alton 3%s. 78% S L & I M con 5s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 48. 95% S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
CM & SP gn 4s.lO7^4 St Louis SW lsts. 95
C & NW con 7s. 128% Seaboard A L 4s. 68
C. R I & Pac 4s. 69* So Pacific 4» 93%
Do col 5s 80% So Railway 5s... 115
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lOO% Tex & Pac lMs.,119
Chi Term 4s 75 T. St L ft W 4s. 71%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 62Vi Union Pacific 4s.. 104
Colo & So 4s 83% Do conv 4s.... 101
C F & I con 6a. 69 US Steel 2d 5s.. 76%
Den A Rio G 4s. 03 U Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S%I Do deb B 57%
Do pen 4s .,,... 84% W &-L Erie 4s.. 90%
F W & D C lsts.104 (Wls Central 4 S9%.
Hock Val 4%s...lO7%l
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 201 Little Chief ..... C5
Alice 201 Ontario 3 00
Breece lOiOphlr 2 90
Bruns Con 101 Phoenix 20
Com Tunnel 07 Potosi 17
Coij.Cal & Va... 1 05 Savage ....' 25
Horn Silver 1 45 Sierra, Nevada.... 31-
Iron Silver 1 60 Small' Hopes ..... 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02 Standard 2 10
showed a falling off of over * million bushels
in the shipments for the week and those from
the Danube . country were reduced by a half.
The amount on passage. was nearly four mil
lion bushels less than a week. ago. A re
vised estimate of the French crop made a
creditable reaction In the total yield. Foreign
grain markets were affected by the bullish
statistics, prices at Liverpool being tip nearly
a cent. Under these Influences there was an
active demand for wheat here, small shorts
being the principal buyers. As th* session ad
vanced the ltlarket gained additional strength.
An official forecast of rain in tho Southwest
caused fresh anxiety to shorts In view of a
strong market at Kansas City. At times tha
market was almost bare of offerings, and buy
era had to materially bid up prices before
orders could be filled. The high point in Sep
tember was reached at 83@S3#c Notwith
standing the fact that there was considerable
liquidation going on during the last half hour
the market closed strong, with September at
82?ic.
The strength In wheat caused some firmness
in corn, but there was no great amount of
bull enthusiasm manifested. September opened
i{,c higher at\83%c. sold between 48?»c and
4!)i^@4 f j'4c anfl closed at 48!i©49c.
- In oat» the volume of trading was ex
tremely small. After opening %9Uo higher
at 32&-32%c, September ranged between 31%o
and 324&c and closed at 32c.
Provisions were Arm early on a good de
mand from packers. Later packers were lib
eral . sellers, causing a reduction. Late in the
day a rally occurred on the strength of grains.
The market closed steady with September
pork a shade lower at $13 22<i- September
l*rd was unchanged at $7 27 14 and ribs were
up 2^©5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. .Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
July, old 87 87U 86T4 86H
July, new S5?* 87*4 85V4 S7H
September, old. 83% 84% 83% . S4fc
Corn. No. 2 —
July 47% 4S«4 47'4 47%
September 48% 49 Vi 48% 49
December 45% 45% 45 45%
Oats. No. 2 —
July 37U 37i£ 36% 37>i
September 32% 32/fi 31% 32
December 32% 32^4 32% 32%
- Mess . pork, per bbl —
July 13 02% 18 07% 13 02% 13 07%
September 13 20 13 35 13 10 13 22%
*Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 7 15
September 7 30 7 32% 7 25 7 22%
October 7 32% 7 35 7 32% 7 32%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — . .
July 7 55 7 57% 7 60 7 B2%
September 7 77% 7 85 <T,7 75 7 77Vj
Cash Grain and Provisions..
\
CHICAGO. July 6. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet but steady; No. 2
spring wheat, 03® 06c; No. 3; 85@©5c; No. 2 i
red. 98;<g$l; No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow, i
60c; No. 2 oats, 38%@3flc; No. 3 white. 3o%® :
40c; No. 2. rye. 64c; good feeding barley. 30@
35c; fair to choice maltins. 42S52e; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 06; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 13;
prime timothy seed. $2 90; megs pork, per
bbl. $13 05^13 10; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 12%«^
7 15; short ribs sides (loose). *7 37%@" 50;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 25<57 50; whisky,
bests of high wines, $1 28; clover, contract
grade. $10 75.
Articles — \ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 40,300 - 32,100
Wheat, bu 32,700 07,600
Com, bu • 585,200 S00,6f0
Oats, bu 407, 600 24S.C0O
Rye. bu 4.300
Barley, bu 50,500 13,200
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, July 5.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 13%@t79ife; dairies. 12«16c. Eggs
steady, 14<S?15e. Cheese firm, 7%@9%c.
* *
I CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS. |
' Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 5.— CATTLE. — Receipts,
: 10.C00. Steady. Good to prime steers. $5 50@
6 ISO; poor to madium, $4 5fHS5 25: stoekers and
feeder*, ?2 253ft 50: cows. $.1 25{f2 50: r«nn*>m,
$1 2562 00; bulls, $2«?4 25; calves. $2 50@3 75;
Texas fed steers. $". 50@5 25.
HOGS— Receipt: To-day. 19,000; estimated
for to-morrow. 25,000. Market 5(frl0c hiKher.
Mixed and butchers, $5 35@5 DO; good to choice
heavy, $5 S0@5 00; rough heavy. $5 35*85 50;
light $5 .".n*I."i 50; bulk of sales. (5 40@5 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. 7000. Market strong.
; Good to choice wethers. $4 25^5; fair to choice
i mixed, ?3 25®*: Western sheep, $3 50^4 50;
native lambs, $3 50@7 CO; .Western lambs, $3®
! 5 75.
Omaha.
\ OMAHA. Nehr.,' Julv 5.—CATTLE—Re
! celpts. 4000. Market steady. Native steers,
|$4 50<g«20; cows and heifers, $3$4 30; . West
| ern steors, $3 2.VJH 75; cows and heifers, $2 25
j 03 50 for rangers: canners, $150^2 75; stock
' er« and feeders, $2 7504 15; calves, $2 50@5 25;
! bulls, stags, etc.. $2 5004 60.
I HOGS — Receipts. 3500. Market • 5©10c
I higher. Heavy. $5 25*85 33; mixed. $5 22ii<6>
5 25: light. $5 10«r> 25; pigs. $4 50®5; bulk of
¦ sales. $5 22'4iff5 27%.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Market lOchigher.
I "Western yearling*. $4©4 35; . wethers. $3 75*9
; 4 15: ewes, $2 7515:3 50: common and stockera,
! $2 23@3 25; lambs, $5@6 35.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept.
I Opening . 6 4% « 5 V.
I Cloning 6 5 6 5 T , 8
! PARIS.
1 Wheat — „ July. Nov.-Feb.
I Opening 20 SO 20 80
j Closing 20 70 20 75
Flour —
Opening 28 80 28 10
! Closing 28 70 27 90
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, July 5. — The wool market may be
said to be strong and active, with a firm ad
vance under way: Territory quotations:
Idaho — Fine, 17@18c; heavy fine. 14@15c; fine
medium. 17glSc; medium, 18@19c; low me
dium. lS@10c. _
Wyoming — Fine. 16@17e; heavy line, 14®15c;
fine medium, 17@17%e; medium, 10®20c; low
medium, 20<ff21c.
Utah and Nevada — Fine, 16@17c; heavy fine,
14(51 6c.
Montana — Fine choice. lflS20e: fine average,
17©18c; fln« medium choice, 19@20c; average,
17@l8c; staple, 2l(322c; medium choice, 2I& 22c.
St, Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, July 5.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 18<S24He;
light fine, Ifiiflftc; heavy ftne, 12@15c; tub
washed, 2O@33c.
Landon Wool Market.
LONDON, ' July 5. — The wool sales opened
to-day with a large- attendance. Competition
was active, with merinos ruling firm at un
changed rates. Crossbred* sold 10 per cent
dearer. eotcept coarse grades.
: > Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 5. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 67©69e: bluestem. 87e: Valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 79c; club, 66c. j
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, July £.— Clearings, $853,877; bal
ances, $168,657:
TACOMA. July 5.— Clearings, $380,496; bal
ances. $09,910.
PORTLAND. July 6.— Clearings, $734,542;
j balances, $60,014. *'
SPOKANE, July B,— Clearings, $554,456; bal
ances, $66,758.
Exchange and Bullion.
Including 500,000 gold yen brought by the
steamer Gaelic on July 2. the total receipts of
the local banks from Japan since December 1,
1903, . have been 73,853,000 yen. distributed as
follows: Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corporation. • 32.000,000; International Banking
Corporation, 14,403.000: Nevada National Rank
1.1,250.000; Ahglo-Callfornia Bank Limited.
8.15O.00O, and London. Paris ana American
Bank. C, 050. 000. ••¦-.-
Silver and Mexican Dollars are higher.
LOCAL. ...
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. . . — $4 S5*i
Sterling Exchange, eight . — 4 $7%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 $s%
New York Exchange, sight — ©7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — >j8Vi
Mexican Dollars ................ 48% Q» 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico.................; 213
Berlin on London .....20.40U
Paris on London 28.19VJ
Wheat and Other Grains:
. ..WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates are still nom
inal. The shipowners' combine as -previously
I mentioned, are holding for 22s Od for whfat
and 23a 9d for flour and barley, usual European
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY, 6, 1904.
Continual on Page Fourteen,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
LOGAL MAEKETS.
AUCTION SALES
£& fc* &*
One Hundred and Twenty- Five
Horses for Sale!
By ord*r of Wm. Juell of RockUa. CaL
I wHl sell at PUBLIC AUCTION 123 horses.
This consignment consists of a cholc* lot of
young geldings and mares, broken aad ua-
broken, weighing from 1000 to 1400 pounds. .
Sale takes place on
TKZS SAT.
Wednesday, July 6, at II a.m.
At J. B. HORAN'S SALE YARDS, corner
TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
Horses can be seen at yards at any tfcn* "
previous to sale.
': m S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
£& fe fe
Just Arrived.
80 FINE DRIVING and WAGOJ* HORSES alt
WELL BROKEN. SEVERAL MATCHED
TEAMS AND RLACK SADDLE HORSES.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 Third »t.. Near Folaom.
i WM. G. LATNQ. Auctioneer.
£,iJ'«^ Sl^, t . h §t - At ll »• m - Wednesday.
July «. I wm sell a lot of good work and
driving horses, buggies, wagons and harness.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Burnett's Extract of Vanilla hu
taken gold medals against all ether brands,"' •
Baggage transferred to and from all trarr.s.
steamer*, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (slngla
trip) 3& cents;* round trip SO cents. Morten
Special Delivery. 30£ Taylor St.. 650 Market st..
Oakland Ferry depot. - Fhoce Excfcnag • 4ft. •
Notice to Passengers.
'..Visitors' to Camp Joy. on ; Tomales » Bay have
been' given 'a'- low round trip rate of $1 15. Ban
Francisco to Millerton and return (North Shore
R." R.), for. .Thursday, July 7. Train leaves
(Sausallto ferry) 7:45 a.' m. Returns to city
7:56 'p. m. ¦ Splendid opportunity for day*3
scenic ¦ ride. . Views of bay and 'ocean beach,
toreat and stream. Inquire 628 Market street.*
Camp Joy-Tomales Bay Fine Day
-•Excursion...
A. J. Vining, for many years in
charge of the Inquiry department, of
the main postofflcej has been promot
ed to the superintendency of the let
ter carters at Station B in the St
Nicholas Hotel. His place in < the in
quiry office has been filled by/John;J.
Gallagher, promoted from the mailing
division. v ¦'"'-•;¦.
A. J. -x Promoted.
The hearing of United States Com
missioner Heacock's report In the re
moval proceedings of Frederick A.
Hyde and H. P. Dimond, charged with
land frauds against the Government,
was postponed by' United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yesterday until
August 15. C: Callaghan. who was
arrested Saturday for smnggling thir
ty-six silk caps off the steamship Ko
rea, was released on a bond of $250.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven . left last evening for Tacoma,
where , he will hold court for Judge
Hanfofd until August 1. • \
Hyde-Dimond Case Postponed.
The Supreme Court decided yester
"day that a wife cannot" maintain an
action where, community interests are
involved without ; showing • that
there is, a specific / agreement
between herself and "her. .hus
band that their _ financial _ affairs
shall be" ' separate.'"' Mrs." ~ Eleq
nora Kaltschmidt T nursed . ; . Charles
Schneider through \ his , last jllhess. in
her house at*1049 Mission street'and
after His death brought ; suit against
his estate for $2000" In payment for
her services.' The' lower. court granted
a non-suit because' Mr. Kaltschmidt
did not bring the suit, as he should
have done, in view of the , fact 'that
the claim was community property.
The Supreme Court affirmed the de
cision of the inferior tribunal.*
Wife' -May Xot Brine Suit.
The Investigating committee is ¦.try
ing to discover the use to which the
Southern Pacific Company puts the
money collected as a State toll on the
coast line. It is not received by \the
Poard of I Harbor Commissioners, and
there Is no present public knowledge
.concerning Its destination. But it is be
ing paid -by San Francisco merchants
every day, and has been so paid for
many months. .' ' .
If the Southern Pacific Company is
compelled to abandon the toll on the
coast line it will have the tendency to
attract freight to the coast line, which
would be able to make lower rates to
the amount of the toll imposed at pres
ent than the Santa Fe or the {Central
Pacific.
The Santa Fe system is interested as
an observer. The toll that is assessed
by way of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's coast route gives the Santa- Fe,
which ferries its freights into this city,
an even chance with the Southern Pa
cific in the matter of volume of busi
ness.
sion. for the reason that the toll is
made a part of the transcontinental
tariffs. - , . . . .
Catherine Hart, living at 135 Mason
street, attempted to take her own lifo
yesterday by swallowing a dose of bi
chloride of mercury- She was taken
to the Emergency Hospital and after
treatment by Dr. Wilson was pro
nounced out of danger.
Attempts Self-Destroction.
CHOPS OFF HIS TOES.— Peter Peterson, a
carr-cr.ter. living at 'JSS2 Sixteenth street
while working on a building on Ehrader
rtreet yesterday, chopped off two of the tots
of hi* right foot thmuch the Flipping of an ar
he was uf:tib. Hj* injuries were treated at the
Park Emerrcncy Hcrpital.
Together with Ita petition the new
company submits the draft of an or
dinance which it desires the Supervis
ors to adopt. This document, after re
citing the routes for the proposed lines
of track as set forth in the petition,
provides, among other things, for a
twenty-five-year lease of the existing
Geary-street road; defines the motive
power to be used; requires that con
struction work shall begin within 100
days after the granting of the franchise
and be completed within three years;
stipulates that the franchise shall not
be renewed, and that at the end of the
term the road bed, track and fixtures
shall revert to the city, and prohibits
the sale or lease of the franchise to any
other company.
. Ycur petitioner submits herewith a resolu
tion which It asks your honorable board to
adopt, to the effect that said franchise should
be granted and stating the conditions upon
which the same shall be granted.
SAN FRANCISCO RAILWAY COMPACT.
By ALFRED D. BOWEN, President.
- J H. GOLDMAN, Secretary.
Your petitioner therefore prays your honor
able board to grant to it authority to con
struct, reconstruct, maintain and operate for
the term of twenty- five years a double track
electric railway, with all necessary and con
venient stations, side tracks, switches, turn
outs, turntables, transfer tracks to and from
carhouses and appliances upon, over or under
the streets or parts of streets herelnabove
mentioned and petitions your honorable board
to lease to It for a like term of twenty- five
years, to be maintained and operated as part
of the proposed system of railways. Its said
road track and road bed on said Geary street.
Point Lobos avenue and Fifth avenue, to
gether with the stationary fixture* thereof,
now owned by the city and county of San
Francisco.
¦With respect to Insinuations made by cer
tain persons connected with other corporations
to the effect that the San Francisco Railway
Company eeeks sold franchise for speculative
purposes, to wit: for the purpose of selling
the same at a profit to some ether company,
your petitioner states that It seeks this fran
chise In good faith: that neitlier directly nor
indirectly has It had any dealings or any nego
tlons .whatever, or any communication with
any other company or corporation, or th»
agents or representatives of any such company
or corporation, or with any person or persons
whatever, relative to a sale or lease or assijrn
ment of said franchise; that It proposes that
*ald franchise shall be granted by your boani
upon the express condition that neither sal'i
franchise nor the railways constructed, leased
or acquired shall be «old. assigned or leased
to any person, firm, company or corporation,
but that said franchise shall -be held and s&ld
railways' shall be operated by your petitioner
for the full term of -said franchise; and upon
the further condition that your petitioners
shall not consolidate with any other corpora
tion or corporations, but shall keep and main
tain Its corporate existence and operate said
railways and eaid leased roadbed and track
for the full term of said franchise.
NOT A STALKING HORSE.
ditlon the roadbed sought to be leased from
the city and county, that It will equip said
railways with the very best rolling; stock,
that it will maintain and Uc-p its road3 and
*-']Ulpment in perfect condition and that it
will so operate its roads as to give satisfac
tion to the subllf.
Ycur petitioner Is ready to satisfy your hon
orable board, or the member* of th© Commit
tee on Streets, that it has ample means to
construct the lines of railway above mentioned,
to reconstruct said roadbed proposed to be
leased and to equip all of Eaid lines with the
best of rolMrur stock.
Mrs. Isidor Myers acted as hostess
at the gathering, which was entirely
Australian in character. The Coo-ee
Club, over which she presides, is a re
cently formed social institution, in
tended to make welcome all 'visiting
Australians. Mrs. Myers originated
the idea and it has met with the
hearty co-operation of a large num
ber of colonists residing in San Fran
cisco.
A number of well-known Aus
tralians, banded together under the
distinctive characteristic of the "Coo-ee
Club," met Monday evening at the
home of Rabbi Isidor Myers, 1836
Sutter street, to tender a farewell to
Bert Levy, late of The Call art depart
ment, and Albert Goldie, who leave
for the East to-day. Levy goes to
Chicago, SL Louis and New York to
collect material for a series of illus
trated articles to be published shortly
by a syndicate of Australian papers,
papers.
Coo-ce Club Holds Pleasant Meeting
at the Home of Rubbi
Isidor Myers.
AUSTRALIANS BID FAREWELL
TO DEPARTING ARTISTS
CAR CONDUCTOR WHO KI1J.ED
HIS WIFK AND THE VICTIM OF
HIS RAGE.
Negotiations will be continued until
the transportation officials "either
change their practice or make point
blank refusal to. do so. If the refusal
is final the matter will be brought be
fore the Interstate Commerce Commis-
Many bills inspected show that on
goods shipped entirely by land the
charge for State toll has been made.
Representations have been made to the
Southern Pacific officials concerning the
opinions of the merchants of San F*ran
cisco relative to this charge, for which,
so the merchants 6ay, there is no war
rant in law. These representations have
been without effect.
The Interstate Commerce Commission
may be called upon to take cognizance
of a practice of the' Southern Pacific
Company concerning which a commit
tee of wholesale merchants and jobbers
of San Francisco is preparing to report.
The law of California provides for the
payment of a State toll on every pack
age that passes over the State's
wharves in this city, the money so col
lected being for the maintenance and
improvement of the water front. The
Southern Pacific Company is making
this toll collectible on goods that do not
pass over the property of the State,
namely, those on the coast division,
that go in and out of the city entirely
by land. A committee has been inves
tigating this matter.
\;,'.'An unexpected event will bring great
fortune, and you will enjoy perfect
happiness." . ,. • . . '¦; ¦¦
For this woman the prophecy, like
the oracles of old, held a double mean
ing. . '
Detectives Bunner, Freel and Gibson
took Curry to the Hall of Justice, where
he was held on a charge of murder. He
appeared unconcerned, saying that he 1
had shot the. woman because she was
unfaithful. He had thought he would
reclaim her by marriage, but found that
to be Impossible. When he learned that
she was in company with, another man
he had become crazy with rage and did
not know what he was doing.
•A 1 letter was found in his possession
addressed to his wife; In which he said
he was going away, he did not know
where. , ¦ ¦ " : ' • ¦ : *'• ,• ¦
Curry is 23 years. old. He came to
California six months ago from Coffey
County, Georgia, and has been em
ployed since 'April, last on the Powell
street line. Currv was arrested two
months 'ago for- shooting at an Italian
at the ferry 'building.. Ha claimed that
the man ? had insulted his wife. \The
charge was dismissed.
{ The woman's maiden name was Daisy
Jones.* Her father, George E. Jones, is
a minister in Corona, Riverside County.
She was formerly the wife of a man
named Pechner and had one child, a lit
tle girl. She was- 32 years of age, a
brunette and of good face and figure.
Among the dead woman's effects was
found a card from" a fortune-telling ma
chine. It bore the following predic
tion: • ; =
At l<30 p. m. Curry visited the house
on Turk street. On asking for "Miss
Tripp" ne was brought face to face
with his wife. He went to her room
and found a man's hat there. He asked
her whose it was, and she said it was
"Fred's" and that "Fred" had gone to
get her some breakfast.
Shortly afterward the woman went
downstairs and told the landlady, Mrs.
L. Young, that her husband was with
her. She said he demanded her mar
riage certificate, wedding ring and the
sum of $120 which he had given her.
She added that he had a pistol, but de
clared she was not frightened, as her
husband would not dare to shoot her.
The landlady advised her to comply
with her husband's demands and avoid
trouble.
After she went back to the room the
husband attempted to persuade his wife
to. return to him. While talking to her
he kissed her. She drew back and
slapped his face. Mad with jealousy,
the man sprang back, drew his pistol
and fired four shots. The woman arose
from the chair in which she had been
sitting, started toward him and fell at
his feet dead. iThree bullets had lodged
in vital parts. Curry stepped over his
wife's body, walked to the City Hall
station and surrendered.
A FALSE PROPHET.
Yesterday morning Curry determined
to find his wife. Before starting he
purchased a revolver, because, as he
claims, his wife had threatened his life
Jf he should follow her.
FINDS ANOTHER MAX'S HAT.
Because of her ' refusal to return to
their home at 913 Powell street, George
Curry, a car conductor on the Powell
street line, shot and instantly killed
his wife, Daisy Curry, yesterday after
noon in a room oq the third floor at 35
Turk street.
Last May Curry married Miss Daisy
Jones in Oakland. Previous to that
time they had been living together as
husband and wife. Soon, however, the
wife grew tired of the married state
and left him to return to her old haunts
and a life that pleased her better. She
came back to their' home last Sunday
nteht to get some clothing, but would
not tell him where she was living.
Monday morning she again came to the
house, and left her purse lyinpr on the
bed. Unobserved by her, the husband
opened it and found the name Josie
Tripp, 35 Turk street, on a piece of
paper. Another piece of paper bore the
memoranda :'Ed"_or "Fred," and '.'room
27. South 500."
Alleged -Unlawful Collection
of Tolls by Railroad Has
Aroused City's Merchants
MAY CALL UPON
THE COMMISSION
Deputy United States Attorney
Duncan E. McKinlay. who will be the
Republican candidate for Congress in
the Second District, left for Sacra
mento last night. The Republicans
in the capital city have invited him to
deliver the principal address to-night
before the gathering of the various
Republican club?, which assemble for
Tb* purpose of observing the fiftieth
anniversary of the Republican party's
birth.
McKJnlay in Sacrammto,
livan. Dr. I. J. Stephen. Gerera] E. S. Salo
mcn. A. E. Shaw. J. J. Sullivan, W. S. Wocd,
EStnund Tausrky. Lurr.an Wadham. George H.
Walker, Marshall B. Wocxlworth, John E.
¦Wise.
Alden Anderson. Charles Armstrong. Dr.
Htrry Abrams. Dr. A. Adler. Henry Ach. John
A. Br.uon. George Boyne. John Butler Hon.
Hamilton A. Bauer. J. H. Belspr. Dr. E. tl.
Bryant. P. P. Barber. J. W. Boyc*. W. B.
CoBcy. B. L Conlon. Thomas TV. Col!in«. John
C. Currier. Myrtlle Cerf. Horace Davis, H. G.
"vT. r>irkel5piel. Dr. I. B. DaUiel. Walter
Dick'-l^piel. A. K. Dagg^t. D. B. Faktor. <»
H. Fiirchilo". Arthur G. Fisk. Frank French.
John M. Fov. K. Fickert. Max Goldberc, I.
Gnlrtrnan. J ,hn J. rtreif. I. W. Hellman. .1.
O Hayes. General V.'. G. Hawley. P. P. Hoin.
¦Walter Halstpad. A. G. Hasedorn. Julius
Jacobs. Meyer Jacobs. <\ Ma»on Kinne. George
«:. Kins, f-hel-lon W. Kellogg. A. H. Kllborn.
J. R.. Kn.rivland, Jeremiah Kenr.y. Jacob R.
I/eese. Frank It. Leaeh. G. It. Lukens. Peter
Menjou. F. Marir.i. PaTiir! McPartland. John
3!cL>ouR»ld. Jo>eph McHugh. Charles A. Mur
doch. W. TV. Mclntosh. Frank Maes-tretti,
Maxwell McNutl, Teter H. Xeilson. John T.
Nourse, W. R. Poi.d. H. J. Perazzl. E. R.
Pea«e. r>r. Joseph Foheim. C. B. Perkins. T.
D Rtordan. D. A. Ryan. A. C. Rulofson.
Uauric* Reardon. General George Stone. John
r». SnreckrK Frark A. Srhmitz. Leon Sam
ur]«=. Fred S=uhr. D. D. Sullivan. Eugene Sul-
The following well known Republi
cans will be on the stage as vice pres
idents to assist Senator Edward R.
Wolfe in presiding:
Cail to order. Chairman Senator E. T.
. Velte: ."Star-Spangled Banner." by the band,
audience joining in song: speech. Hon. Samuel
Shortrldge ; faction by Ix-Koven Glee Club
'cf Berkeley: shoit speecn. Judge Henry C.
Dibble; patriotic meloaics by the band; short
speech. Julias Kahn: muf!r by the Klee club:
shcrt epeech. <~arey Van Fleet; music toy band
acd rlee dab! short speech, Hon. John T.
'Care; clcsir.s address. George A. Knight.
That prosrramm? will be carried out
to the letter and every one who at-
Uends will be fully compensated for the
"time spent. Seats will be reserved for
¦women, anfl all are invited. The cere
mony will begin promptly at S o'clock
in the Alhambra Theater. No tickets
: ar«» necessary.
The Republicans of California will
pack the Alhambra Theater to-night to
celebrate the anniversary of the party
and ratify the nominations of Theo
dore Roosevelt and Charles W. Fair
-banks.
When any political party becomes old
enough to have a Golden Jubilee and
tan point to an unsullied reputation In
addition to a half-century of public
service, it has reason for Jollification.
The Republicans of the State recognize
this. The State Central Committee and
the United League of Republican
Clubs intend to see that free express
ion of party loyalty has full sway to
right. With that intention paramount
the following programme haE been ar
ranged:
UjHin the lines to be operated upon Kearny
stitct your petitioner. If granted a frahchlss
and If your honorable bourd will so. permit,
proposes to use the same motive power as Is
used by the United Railroads. Upon the lines
t-> be operated on Pine street and Geary street
and upon the "cress-town"' line from Bay
ami Daker streets to Bryant street, it proposes
to use the underground ot conduit system of
conveying electricity for motive power. Upon
Point Lobos avenue. Fifth avenue and Tenth
avenue, until such time as that section of
the city is more densely populated. It pro
poses, with the appro\al of .your honorable
body, to u?e the overhead trolley system, with
the understanding that it will place Its wires
underground at any time after five years, at
the request of the Board of Supervisors.
Your petitioner promises and will give ample
security that its promises will be faithfully
ktpt, that, if It is granted the franchise
hereby applied for It will construct thoroughly
first-clasit, up-to-date, modern railways, that
It will reconstruct and place In first-class con-
•4. Commencing at or near the intersectlcn
of Baker and Bay street? and running alons
and upon I5ay street to Franklin: thence curv
ing Into Franklin street and running along
and upon Franklin street to Oak str»«; thence
curving into Uak street and running along and
upon Oak street to Market street: thence cross-
Ing Market street and curving into Eleventh
street; thence along and upon Eleventh street
to Bryant street.
1!. Connecting with said railway on eaid
Point Lobos avenue at Tenth avenue and
running thence southerly along and upon said
Tenth avenue to Golden Gate Park.
a. Connecting with said railway on said
Poict Lobos avenue at Fifth avenue and run
nlns thence southerly along and upon said Fifth
avenue to Golden Gate Park.
1. Commencing at or \near the intersection
of East 6treet and Market street and running
thence alonn Market street, upon the tracks
of the United Railroads (formerly Slitter-street
Railroad tracks), to Pine street; thence curv
ing into Pine street and running along Pine
street to Kearny street: thence curving into
Kearny etreet and running alonu Kearny street,
upon the tracks of the United Railroads, to
Geary street; thence curving into Geary street
and running along Geary street to Its con
nection with Point Lobos avenue; thence run
ning along Point Lobes avenue to the westerly
end thereof.'
.To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California: The petition of the San Fran
eifceo Railway Company respectfully shows that
it is a street railroad corporation, incorporated,
organized and existing; under the laws of the
State of California: that it has been incor
porated for the purpose, among other things,
of constructing, acquiring, maintaining and
operating street railroads in the city and coun
ty of San Francisco. State of California; that
it Is.de«lrou3 of leasing from the city and coun
ty of San Fr,ancl3co, for .the purpose of re
constructing, equipping and operating the same
as part of the system of railways which it pro
poses to build and operate, the roadtrack and
roadbed and all Its stationary fixtures on
Geary 6treet, Point Lobes and Fifth avenue3
in Eaid city and county, owned by said city
and county of San Francisco, and now oper
ated by the Geary Street. Park and Ocean
Railroad Company, and^that it is desirous of
securing a franchise authorizing it to con
struct, or reconstruct, maintain and operate
lines of double-track electric railways upou
or over or under streets or parts of streets in
said city and county as follows:
STREETS ASKED FOIL
A petition was filed yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors by the San
Francisco Railway Company for a
franchise for a street railway and also
the leasing from the city for the pur
pose of reconstructing, equipping and
operating the railroad. on Geary street,
Point Lobos and Fifth avenues, now
operated by the Geary Street, Park
and Ocean . Railroad Company, whose
franchise has expired.
The new company has its office at
room 543, Mills building. Its petition in
full Is as follows:
Corporation Would Recon
struct and Equip Geary,
Park and Ocean Road
Prominent Men Are Named
as the Vice Presidents
. of the Loyal Gathering
¦¦.¦•.: . .- • ¦: -
NEW CROSS-TOWN LINE
£MGHT IS TO SPEAK
San Francisco Eailway Asks
Privilege of Operating
Extensive Trolley System
Republican Golden Jubilee
to Be Celebrated With
Enthusiasm at Alhambra
WILL RECOUNT
MANY TRIUMPHS
FILES PETITION
FOR FRANCHISE
MAD WITH JEALOUSY, HUSBAND SHOOTS
AND INSTANTLY KILLS UNFAITHFUL WIFE
George Curry Empties
Revolver Into Body
of Spouse.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 190*
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. j \, __
c oc© 9 cos &©& oc<39»eoeoeoQ •o»o«oooode«««o««««#o«
© B ¦ H| 0
I ' - i
1 we will send i
c »V . ;. - -. ', .
O . Ask about our new easy-paying plan. Binds" us, and- not •*
q you. Allows good, long time for payments. It is- the
- and most businesslike arrangement yet devised.. ."1 • ©
o If you cannot call, write for information^ • S
•» • p ¦¦"¦•.-¦'¦. 0
€ ' * ¦ ¦ $
• Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F. «
c Thirteenth St and Broadway, Oakland. .. . S
••••••••••••••ce*««»«» ••••••••••••••••••••#0 S
De .Maupassant said that red
hair indicated temperament,
black hair vitality, blondo hair
complaisance, brown hair medi-
ocrity. Henner's pictures of
women show hia love for red
hair. It Is a convention among
painters to give red hair to
Mary Magdalene. Will be given
you with the nest Sunday's
CAIaL.
Loved.
That Is the Color That Titian
HER IIAIR IS RED.
THE GRASS WIDOW.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ___,,.,.,.-
Very Low Prices.
black: silks.
npri (750 yards 24-INCH BLACK TAFFETA SILK,
/ y\yj \ extra heavy and an excellent wearing quality,
¦ w yard ( good value for $1.00 yard. \
0*A 00 ( 85 ° y^^ BLACK SILK TAFFETA, full 36
%«w '¦ .UU l inches wide, an extra heavy lustrous silk, regu-
qj A yard ( la,- price has bccn $ I#25 yard . -
;
RANGY SILKLS.
(FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILKS, in a
good assortment of colorings, and JACQUARD
TAFFETAS on black grounds, with colored
pin dots and black satin scroll, were 85c and
$1.25 yard-
ETAMINES.
$jk nr\ (46 and 50 INCH LONDON TWINES AND
1 . v V ) ETAMINE MISTRALS, in all the new staple
JL yard ( shades; were formerly sold for $1.50 yard. •
CHALLIES.
I*' r\ n < OuT cntire stock ' of PRIN . T ED FRENCH
jv> ) CHALLIES (this season's importation), in a
C/ \J yard ) S ood variet y of styles and patterns, both light
v and dark colorings.
VOILES.
A^f\C J 5 P^ces 37-INCH CREAM AND WHITE
<HHI I^ VOILE, all pure wool and a very sheer quality,
A/ V/ yard always sold for 50c yard.
Pongees. ; Grenadines
Shantung Jl/f^J/r>M < £7f\ Plaids and
Pon£C-, pure iff^^ > lOfftC^J Checks; prices
silk and fast .^^^ %? '^Q&jffL^ sFLdttS
c ° iors - i6% <s^ ss2 *2*3bi^v yard; rcduced \*
I&C 1 ii to 121 Post Street 50c& 75c
. yard. 1 yaf d.
MARKS BROS.
Closing Out Our Entire Line
....OF....
WOMEN'S
Percale Wrappers
GROUPED IH 4 DISTINCT LOTS FOR
TO-DAY'S BIG CHOOSING
•r 50c
PERCALE "WRAPPERS as pictured, made
with a deep flounce. Bretellea over shoul-
der. In this lot are Wrappers that sold
as high as $1.
L f T 90c
Here's a splendid lot of PERCALE
WRAPPERS, in pretty striped, figured
and floral designs; deep bertha: sleeves
and collar trimmed In novelty braid.
In this lot are Wrappers that eold as
. high as $1 SO.
lot ei i.c
3 %p 1 • 1 *J
A serviceable lot of PERCALE WRAP-
PERS in any color you want; * bretelles
and rufflfg; tastily trimmed in fancy
braid, forms an artistic yoke effect. In
this lot are wrappers that sold aa high
as $1 75. ' •
L T $1.35
Here's a beautiful lot of WRAPPERS;
made of a good, heavy, durable quality
; of PERCALE: yoke outlined with double
rows of braid: finished with deep, ruffle-
trimmed braid; 13-inch flounce. . In this
lot are wrappers that sold as high. as
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1222-1224 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS
A. B. SMITH'S
New Trunk
And Bag Store
We are showing a larger
and better assortment of
Trunks and Bags than ever.
If you are interested, com.-
and see us. "We've got UriJ
goods" at our new store,
116 ELLIS A
Painless I
/fvvK Dentistry I
|U Pa In! ess Fill In gs 25c §3
m Painless Crowns $3 50 |1
WFu I Set or Teeth $4.00 I
"VAN.VROOM" li
1 I Sixth and Market t \
|ASTHMANOLA|
I* tha only cure for Hernmi aaa
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at &9S UAIGUT »X-
«aa FrancUecw Cat