SAN : FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 56.
JAPANESE VICTORY IN HARD FOUGHT BATTLE
COMPELS RUSSIAN RETREAT FROM TATCHEKIAO
Continued ' on Pace ; 2, Column * 3,
United States War Vessel Arrives at
Callno and Proceeds on Way ¦
Around Cape Horn.
/LIMA, Peru, July 25. — The United
States cruiser Tacoma, which: is
searching for the missing American
merchant vessel Conemaugh, several
months overdue at New York, arrived
at Callao ; yesterday and • proceeded on
her way around Cape Horn,
CRUISER TACOMA SEEKING ,
THE MISSING COXEMAUGH
By Larj?e Majority the Citizens Vote
$25,000 Bonds for the
Building.
PETALUMA, July 23.-A municipal
election to issue bonds for the erection
of a 535,000 brick schoolhouse was held
here to-day. It carried by a vote of 455
to SS. The building will be erected on
the English-street plaza, now used as
» putlic park.
PETALU3IA WILL HAVE
FIXE NEW SCHOOLHOUSE
Del Val'a Resignation ¦ Not Tendered.
ROME, July 25. — The Osservatore
Romano, the Vatican organ, denies
the ; report published by the Tribuna
yesterday : that* Cardinal Merry del
Val, •' the papal secretary of state, has
tendered^ his 'resijjaatioiv - -^j
One Seaman of the Foo Hone Suej
Dies at Sea and Three
Others Are m.
LEWES. DeL, July 25.— The bark Fo«
Hong Suey arrived at the Delawart
breakwater to-day from Honolulu. Th«
crew was stricken on the passage witfc
beri-beri and one man died and was
buried at sea. Three others sufferinf
from the disease will be landed at tin
Quarantine hospital hero to-awroir* ___
BERI BERI AFFECTS
THE CREW OF A BARS
KOENIGSBURG, > Prussia, July 25.—
All^vthe -'.; accused \ in the trial , for
high treason ' and 'conspiracy/ against
the? Russian. Emperor were acquitted
to-day of! treason, as had been expect
ed, \ and three — Kogst, - Ehrenf ort \ and
Braun— : we"re acquitted on the
of i conspiracy. The : other six were
convicted of conspiracy and sentenced
toTshort terms of ? imprisonment, h The
acquittals * on all \ the ' treason 'charges
please* popular * feeling, whichi -la
affainst Russia at tWfl time,- T^.
Some , of , the Defendants at Koenlgs
burs:, Prussia, j Receive Short
: -Sentences for Conspiracy. •
ACQ U1TTKD OF TREASON
AGAINST CZAR OF RUSSIA
SAN SEBASTIAN, Spain, July 25.—
Countess Podras Llsaritury. who was
injured , yesterday in the 'panic at the
fight between a tiger "and a bull, died
to-day." Thirteen others were hurt, in
cluding Deputy Uruqulso, Marquis
Pidal, vice president of the Senate and
former ¦ Spanish Embassador at the
Vatican, and W. E. Livingston of New
York, whose left hand was injured.
Panic at a, Fight 'Between a Tiger
and a Bull Results hi
a Death.
COUNTESS FATALLY HURT
AT BRUTAL- EXHIBITION
Emperor Cancels All Engagements
and Subjects Join Him in Wish-
Ilns for a Boy.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 25. The
eyes of all Russia are now turned
toward the Alexandria vllla~at Peter
hof. where the court and royal fam
ily are assembled in anticipation of
the pleasure of greeting an heir to
the throne. The Emperor has can
celed ali engagements.
CZAR OF RUSSLV PREPARES
FOR VISIT OF THE STORK
will be other seizures, and whatever
be the determination of the legal ques
tions Involved or whatever diplomatic
action may be taken, it Is confidently
believed here that the seizures will cre
ate a feeling of intense irritation and
unfriendliness against Russia in Amer
ica. England and Germany. . :
Japan is anxious to localize the bom
bat and avoid Involving other powers,*
but views with unfriendliness the acts
of aggression against friendly neutrals
and treaty; violations disadvantageous
to herself. In the latter connection '• Ja
pan j regards; the affair, of .the . passage
of the volunteer fleet through the Dar
danelles as- of- more importance* than
the ; acts of ( the vessels subsequent to'
such passage. ¦ f , .
RUSSUN SQUADRON'S ORDERS.
Must Respect ¦ British ; Flag Unless It
') v Covers ¦ Contraband. ¦;
r YOKOHAMA, July. 26. — An officer
from' the s Russian - fleet who boarded
the steamship Tslnan said that 1 the"
officers of the fleet had received ; in
structions from St. Petersburg to
treat^the>BrltIsh]flag>B'Ith the greatest
respect,' but* if 'vessels hd > any ;war': ma
terial - • aboard.- • the v> Russians ¦ ~ would
It is believed that America will refusa
to recognize! Russia's extended list of
contraband and will speedily demand a
limitation to articles reasonably'contra
band in order to protect her large Ori
ental commercial interests. It Is ex
pected that Great Britain will protest
against the sinking of the Knight Com
mander-and*'demand trial for seized
British : steamships, - and that Germany
will ; make ' a second and more ' vigorous
protest.', . . .
The warships are hover-
Ing about the course of the steamships
from San : Francisco," probably 1 with the
hope >of • overhauling the lineriKorea^
Warning, however, has been given", to
the Korea tand : she*. haa-a!chanceTof
'eluding the. Russian^ There probably.
TOKIO, July 25, 4 p. m.— The acts of
the Vladivostok squadron in the Pacific
and of the volunteer fleet in the Red
Sea strengthen the belief here that Rus
sia is deliberately | seeking to affront
America, England and Germany in the
hope of finding an avenue for grace
fully retiring, from a disastrous war.
There Is no argument over the right of
Russia to seize neutral vessels carrying
actual contraband of war, but the wis
dom of destroying neutral prizes with r
out trial, unless the object is to involve
other powers, is generally questioned.
TOKIO, July 25. — The Russian Vladivostok squadron was seen to the
eastward of Katsu-ura Province at 2 o'clock this afternoon. It was
steaming to the eastward. Katsu-ura Province is .on the east side ,\ of
Toklo Bay. The squadron apparently Is cruising in search of Pacific
liners and attempting to seal Toklo to commerce.
NEW YORK. July 25.— A private ca
ble dispatch from Paris received in this.
city to-day announced the engagement
of Miss Edith Devereux Clapp. daugh
ter of Mrs. N. Devereux Clapp of tail
city, to Count R- du Temple da Rouge
mont of Paris.
Miss Clapp and her mother, wha
sailed for Europe early last spring, art
almost as well ' known in society la
Paris as they are In New York and
Newport. They have a residence at 1<M
Fifth avenue, a house in Tuxedo and
another. Tyny Corner, at Newport. ITo*
several years they have passed th«
summers on, the Continent, returning ta
New York late in the autumn. Miss
Clapp inherited a portion of the estati
of her grandfather four years ago.
New York Heiress Betrothed to a
Scion of the House of Do
EDITH DEYEREUX CLAPP
TO WED A FRENCH COUNT
CLAREXS, Switzerland, "July 25.
The remains of Mr. Krueer. late Pres
ident of the Transvaal, who died here
on July 14, were placed on board a
train to-day bound for The Hague.
The funeral car was decorated with
flags and flowers and the coffin was
covered with the flag of the late
Transvaal republic.
Remains of Late President of the
Transvaal Leave Clarens/Switz
erland, on Special Train.
OO3I PAUL'S B9DI O.V
ITS WAY TO THE HAGUE
LIAOYANG, July 25.— Heavy artillery fighting occurred here all yes
terday. The Russian casualties are believed riot to exceed 400, while the
Japanese lost more men. The Japanese, who were attacking the south
ern detachments,' were forced to retire precipitately, leaving their dead
and wounded on the field.
been largely the guide of her existence
in the East. >v.'>'V
1 "\ don't need a lot of people," . she
said. "There are perhaps two, or three
of whom I am fond! I like Gelett Bur-;
gess, he is very interesting; and I like
Mr. Stone, my publisher.
/'Elements are necessary to my hap
piness," she added, vaguely; . "there
are so many elements that go to make
my world.", '
ROCKLAND,, Mass., July. 25.— Mary
MacLane, the - authoress and man
hater, who . is summering here . while
she writes another book, has at last
positively named the two men of all
she has met whom she likes. Hitherto
she has declared all men hateful to
her," particularly young men, who, she
declared, bored her and were puppies.'
All .'men,, she said, were tiresome, but
she has finally confessed that she likes
two of them. •
One is Gelett Burgess, the San Fran
cisco artist and writer,' and the other
Herbert Stone, her , publisher, who has
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 25.— Babies are
dying by hundreds in the tenements
at New York despite all efforts of the
Health Department.
For the week that ended en Satur
day, July 23, there w were 279 more
deaths, from dlarrhoeal diseases than
in the corresponding week of a year
ago, and this increase in infant mor
tality sent the death rate for the week
up to 23^46.
To-day about one hundred persons
were investigating, by order of the
Board of Health, the conditions under
which these deaths occurred, the char
acter of the houses and general sur
roundings and care given to the
children during their illness.
The entire, summer corps of doctors
and nurses is concerned with this prob
lem.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ESTILL SPRINGS, Ky., July 25.—
W. Godfrey Hunter Jr., son of Dr. W.
Godfrey "Hunter. Congressman from
the Eleventh District of Kentucky, and
who killed William Fitzgerald of Grand
Rapids, Mich., in Guatemala City In
November, 1902, while his father, Dr.
Hunter, was American Minister to
Guatemala, had a'narrow escape from
mob violence at the Thomas Hotel here
to-day.
Young Hunter, who had accompanied
his mother to the springs, became
wildly Intoxicated and threw women
and children into a panic . when he
staggered Into the parlor and took pos
session, threatening: to shoot all who
refused to vacate.
After amusing himself playing the
piano. Hunter began to grab at young
women and girls, chasing' them along
the porches. Irate husbands and fath
ers followed closely at his heels and
were about to wreak summary ven
geance when Judge Frank Peak inter
fered and had Hunter sent to his room
a prisoner. The hotel manager inform
ed Mrs. Hunter that her son would
have to leave on the first train.
Hunter, who was kept under guard,
made several efforts to escape anS
begged his mother for his revolver,
saying that he wanted to kill some one.
•When train time came Hunter did not
want to go, but was finally persuaded
to peacefully depart with his mother
and a deputy sheriff.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
V,.,.. PARIS, July 26.— A dispatch to the Matin from Xcwchwang says""
that heavy firing continued all day on July. 24. /The battle lasted for
sixteen hours. The Russians were driven back on the east side and were
reported to be utterly routed on the north. -The dispatch says that: the ;
Russians evacuated Newchwang, of which the Japanese^ probably would
take possession on July 26 (to-day). ¦ ' ¦ . •
Mary MacLane Re
veals Names oi
Her Ideals*
Babes Perishing by
Hundreds in New
York.
ROME. July 25.— According to the
Patria an answer to the French Gov
ernment with regard to the relations
between it and the Vatican has been
formulated at a meeting: of the Car
dinals. This answer, which will be
sent to Foreign Minister Delcasse. says
that the Pcpe cannot agree to the de
mands of the French Government
•without surrendering the papal rights.
Cardinal* Formulate an Answer to
the Final Note of Foreign
Minister Delcassc.
VATICAN" WILL REJECT
FRENCH ULTIMATUM
Liner Korea Is Warned and May
Elude Russian Cruisers.
Young Hunter Again
Journeys on the
Warpath,
RUSSIAN WHO ORDERED THE RED BEA RAID. COM\IAN*DER OF THE BRIT
ISH MEDITERRANEAN SQUADRON AND VESSELS THAT HAVE FIGURED
IN* RECENT SENSATIONAL. INCIDENTS OFF AFRICAN COAST.
HATES ALB
MEN EXCEPT
THESE TWO
TENEMENT
DEATH RATE
ENORMOUS
DIPLOMAT'S
SON CHASED
BY A CROWD
CHAMJJERLAIN, S. D., July 25.— The
eyes of l&€,^00 land seekers who regis
tered for lands in thl Rosebud reserva
tion will be turned toward Chamber
lain next Thursday, when the drawing
In Uncle Sac's big lottery will begin.
As each envelope is drawn from the
box the clerks will keep a record of the
name and the order of drawing. This
will be continued until a number of
names have been drawn out of the box
equivalent to the number of claims in
the R.osebud reservation subject to en
try. The claims number 2600.
Homeseekers Striving for Rose
bud Claim*.
On* Hundred and Six Thousand
GREAT LAND LOTTERY
OPENS O.V THURSDAY
Young Davi3 disappeared, to rise rap
idly in the railroad service until he be
came the richest and most powerful cit
izen in his State, while Miss Cushwa
became the bride of Dr. John Reynolds,
a prominent physician of Shepherds
town. Her former lover also in the
course of time took unto himself a life
partner in a distant part of the State.
It was not until many yearns after
ward that the two came together again,
one as a widower and the other as a
widow. The old spark rekindled Into a
flame, with the result that there will
be the notable wedding at the quaint
old town of Shepherd3town some time
during the month of October, so the
gossips say.
Mrs. Reynolds is remarkably well
preserved, and for a half-century or
more has been the social leader of Shep
herdstown. She Is the mother of two
grown children and the grandmother
of a half-dozen interesting boys and
girls. She lives in a beautiful, old-fash
ioned house within a stone's throw of
the stately Potomac, and many distin
guished men and women have enjoyed
her hospitality.
The friendship thus begun speedily
ripened into love. Davis proposed and
the young woman was willing, but her
parents could not resign themselves to
the idea of their beautiful and accom
plished daughter marrying a poor rail
road j brakeman. and the young man
was sent on his way with a broken
heart.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON
WASHINGTON. July 23.— News cornea
from Shepherd3town, W. Va_, that ex-
Senator Henry G. Davis, the Democrat
ic Vice Presidential candidate, will In
the fall marry Mrs. Katherine Rey
nolds, widow of Dr. John Reynolds of
Shepherdstown. Mrs. Reynolds is 70
years old. while Senator Davis is past SO.
There Is an Interesting story back of
the approaching wedding. Many years
ago, when Henry G. Davis was a
brakeman on the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad, he became a suitor for th«
.hand of Miss Katherine Cushwa, whose
family was one of the most prominent
in Washington County, Maryland. Miss
Cushwa, was a pronounced*beauty and
was the acknowledged belle* £a the sac*
In which ehe lived. ' Her family be
ins an aristocratic one. she became the
leader in the exclusive social set. and
at all social gatherings Miss Cushwa's
society was sought by the young gal
lants of Maryland and West Virginia.
She and young Davis met for the first
time at a dance at a country house, and
frequently thereafter he became her
escort.
Special Dispatch to Tb» C%XL
which are situated near Lake Van. All
males were massacred and the women
and children were tortured and cut
raged.
A similar slaughter is reported in the
neighborhood of Mush, where from six
ty to eighty Armenians have been
billed ever>- night.
The inhabitants of Orergounk. the
paper adds, who had fled to places of
safety, were induced to return under
promise of protection. The treacherous
Turks, however when they had the In
habitants at their mercy fell upon them
and killed almost the entire population.
Th* paper concludes:
"The roads in Armenia are strewn
srlth corpses. The horrors of 1534 and
f?55 have been equaled."
lages— Gonier, Blel, GnarJcer, Kzila
phedi. Karoudi and Terquevank— all of
BERLIN, July 25.— The Frankfurter
Zeitung reports that Armenian mas
sacres are in full swing again. The
5"urks. the paper asserts, have plun
dered and burned six Armenian vil-
Sreclii Dispatch to The Call.
Love Story Dates Back to Time Wnen
the El-Senator Was a Rail
road Biakeman.
Wholesale Mnrders Occur Nightly, and
Reads in the Stricken Land Are
Strewn With Corpses. J
Bride-to-Be a West Vir
ginia Social Queen for
Past Fifty Years.
Mussulman Horrors ol
Eig&t and Ten Years
Ago Are Equaled,
Turks Resume the
-Massacres of
.Christians.
Tardy Sequel to Ro
mance in Nomi
nee's Lif,e
CANDIDATE
DAVIS MAY
WED AT 80
ARE PUT TO
THE SWORD
LONDON, July 26. — Cabling under date of July 24y the Daily Mail's Newchwang correspondent describes a l^hour desperate battle,
with heavy losses on both sides, and which resulted in the Eussian position at Tatchekiao being rendered untenable, by reason of which they
will be compelled to retreat toward Haicheng. "The battle began at 6 o'clock in the morning," the correspondent says, "the Eussians resum
ing the attack on the Japanese position on the height east of Tatchekiao. After a few hours the Japanese left flank from Taping Mountain
captured the village of Tanghuditueno, compelling the Eussians to retreat to Tienghuaituen, six miles from their base; The Eussians, now
reinforced, maintained the position until 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when the J%anese right flank made a sudden appearance on the hills
south of Tatchekiao and by a tremendous fire forced the Eussians to retreat. The Japanese firing line extended fifteen miles. After two more
hours of an incessant storm of shot and shell, they swept the last hill and the plain clear of Eussians."
Alcazar— "Sapert at Heatzao."
California — "Just Struck Tows."
Central— "Tie Gates of Jostle*.'*
Columbia — tr 2&ic» and Men."
CSxntes— VasdrvUle.
riacbex's — "A Iiuck7 Stoaa,"
Oraad — "A Gentleman of
Prance,"
Orphmrn — VaadevtUft.
Tivoli — "BoUia Hood."
TBS TSXL4.TZSS.
Forecast - mado at San X^aa
¦• *» — - ¦ ' u ¦*
eltco for v tMrty - jlour* eadi&sr
Baa Fraacisco ana vicinity —
Cloufl7 Tuesday; lisflit southerly
¦grinds, changing to brisk west
erly. A. O. aScADXZ,
District Forecaster.
i TBS WSATHEK.
The San Francisco CallSteamship Ardova Incident a Fresh
Cause for Indignation.
LONDON, July 25. — While no pro
test has yet been made over the action
ENGLAND WILL PROTEST.
ST. HULBERT OVERDUE.
British Steamship May Be a Prize of
Raiding Squadron.
LIVERPOOL. July 25. — Uneasiness
is felt here for the safety of the Brit
ish steamship St. Hulbert, Captain
Wardal, which sailed from Caleta
Buena del Sur, Chile, May 27, and
Honolulu July 2 for Yokohama, The
vessel Is now overdue and it Is be
lieved she may have been captured by
the Vladivostok squadron.
The Mascotte sailed from Sunder
land, England, May 18 for Hongkong.
She was reported to have been sold
to the Japanese Government.
LONDON, July 25. — It is stated that
the British Government has detained
the British steamship Mascotte at
Hongkong on the suspicion that she
has been purchased by the Japanese
Government.
England Prevents Sailing of Steam
ship Purchased by Japan.
DETAINS THE MASCOTTE.
BERLIN, July 25. — The German
steamship Lisbon of the Oldenburg-
Portugal Line, has been stopped and
searched by a Russian warship In the
Gulf of Finland. She was then re
leased.
Detained and Later Released in the
Gulf of Finland.
GERMAN' VESSEL SEARCHED.
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 25. — Ves
f«"1s arriving. here report that a Brit
ish warship is patrolling off Cape
Helas, fiften miles south of the Dar
danelles. She is using her search-
Jight. with the supposed view of 1nter
•eepting any British ships wh!ch v may
have been captured by the Russian
volunteer fleet steamships If they at
tempt to pass into the Black Sea,
King's Vessel Is on Guard Off the
Dardanelles Strait.
BRITISII WARSHIP PATROLLING.
SINKING OF KNIGHT COMMANDER
Captain and Crew Are Taken Aboard
One of the Russian Cruisers.
. YOKOHAMA, July 25. — Captain
Brown of the steamship Tsinan, which
brought the crew of the steamship
Knight Commander into port to-day,
says that the Knight Commander met
three Russian warships 7:30 o'clock
on Saturday morning off the province
of Izu. The Russian officers who
boarded the Knight Commander took
her captain back with them and or
dered the crew of the Knight Com
mander to come on board one of the
Russian warships within ten minutes.
The Russians then sank the Knight
Commander.
•At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
Russian vessels met the Tsinan and
transferred the crew of the Knight
Commander to this vessel.
An Indian boatswain of the Knight
Commander says the- Russians boasted
that between sinking the Knight
Comrtiander and halting the Tsinan
they sank two small "Japanese vessels'
and that, before meeting the Knight
Commander, they had captured a Ger
man steamship, believed to be the
Arabia, belonging to the Hamburg-
American line, and the Cheltenham, a
British vessel. The Russians claimed
to have plenty of coal.
Before leaving the- Tslnam Captain
Brown was ordered to blotv^ff steam
and not to move his vessel until the
Russians .had disappeared beyond :the
horizon. . "When last.seentat- 7 o'clock
in the evening the Russian warships
were steaming in a' southeasterly di
rection toward the mouth of Tokio
Bay.
The American Trading Company,"
agents here for the Knight Command
er, deny that the vessel had any con
traband on board, according to her
manifest.
The three Russian warships which
sank the Knight Commander" are re
ported by Captain" Brown of the Tsl
nan to have been crowded with men.
Their bottoms are foul and they look
grim and ugly. The Russian vessels
are believed to be short of prize crews.
The Tsinan brought In a number of
passengers, including women and
children, from Australia.
Americans here are quite anxious
concerning the possible fate of the
Korea, belonging to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, and the Amer
ican steamship Shawmut, which left
Puget Sound pn July 16 for Hong
kong. The agent here of the Pacific
Mail Company cabled <a warning to
the Korea at Midway Island. It is not
known whether either of these steam
ships carries contraband.
The sinking of the Knight Com
mander without a trial is considered
here to be art act of savagery and as
affording ground for apprehension as
to the treatment by the Russians of
other neutral vessels.
KNIGHT COMMANDER'S CARGO.
One Consignment Left at 3Ianil a Be
fore the Steamship's Seizure.
NEW YORK. July 25.-The steam
ship Knight Commander sailed from
New York on May 6 with a large cargo
for the Orient. Much of the cargo was
consigned to Singapore, Manila and
Shanghai, but she also carried mer
chandise, machinery and other articles
for Japanese ports. All but the Japan
ese consignments had been discharged.
Although It was impossible to secure
a copy of the manifest, showing the
steamship's entire cargo, It ,was learn
ed that the Japanese consignment in
cluded 750 steel plates. 400 steel rails
and quantities of ironwork for railroad
bridge construction. The machinery
was consigned to an electrical concern
In Kobe.
At the local offices of the steamship
company It was said that the Rus
sians, upon overhauling the" Knight
Commander, evidently considered her
cargo, or at least a portion of It, as
contraband and seized her with the in
tention of taking her to a Russian port.
Then, finding her too slow ' to ¦ accom
pany their fleet, they decided to de
stroy her.
The Knight Commander ,was valued
at about $105,000 and the value of her
cargo is estimated at $120,000. She was
owned by Greenshlelds & Co. of Liver
pool.
IiARGE CARGO OF FLOUR.
Arabia's Consignment Will. Go 'to Feed
the Czar's Soldiers.
BERLIN, July 25.— According to. a
dispatch to the Lokal Anzeiger from
Toklo the German steamship Arabia,
captured by the Vladivostok squadron;
had on board a cargo of 3000 tons of
flour. The dispatch confirms the re
ports that the Arabia and an unnamed
British steamship have been sent as
prizes to Vladivostok.. The. Arabia, is
a Hamburg-American Line steamship.
She was recently chartered for; service
ok the Pacific coast of America.
Dealing with other features of the
question, Balfour said he did not be
lieve that the removal of a portion of
the cargo of the seized ships at the dis
cretion of the daptain of a warship
without the adjudication of a prize
court was sanctioned by the practices
of international law.
"The dISlcultles arising from these
captures deal with a problem whicbj
has given and is .still giving the Gov
ernment great anxiety, but of which I
may say the signs portend a favorable
issue. More than that I think it would
be inexpedient to say."
"With reference to the question
whether the Government was bound,
under the Suez canal treaty, to allow
a British vessel taken as a prize to pass
through the canal against the will of
the owners, the Premier says:
"No act of war, so far as I am aware,
has been committed in the Suez canal,
and the convention expressly provides
that a prize shall be treated as a man
of-war, and men-of-war are to have
free right of passage. Therefore, I do
not think any particular difficulty
attaches to that branch of .the ques
tion or gives rise to a difficult subject
for controversy between the two pow
ers. I think there can be no doubt that
we are bound to allow a prize of war
to traverse the canaL"
LONDON, July 25.— Answering ques
tions based on the seizure of the Penin
sular and Oriental Company's steam
ship Malacca and other ships by Rus
sian volunteer fleet steamships, Pre
mier Balfour In the House of Commons
to-day, after referring to the diverse
character of the questions, went on to
say:
Balfour Says Red Sea Problem Is
Xearing Peaceful Solution.
WEATHERING THE STORM.
The shipping of the coast is now
generally restricted. The Vladivostok
fleet was last reported at the mouth of
Toklo Bay and developments are mo
mentarily expected. Great indigna
tion is manifested over the sinking of
the Knight Commander.
The Russian officer boasted until
within a few miles of Tokio. He ask
ed for whisky and offered to pay for a
few bottles.
either capture or sink them. The of
ficer said that the commanders of the
vessels concerned In the sinking of the
steamship .Sado had been severely
censured by St. Petersburg for not
positively ascertaining that there were
no persons remaining aboard. He. said
the Knight Commander . would npt
heave to until four «hots had been
fired.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
The Smolensk and St. Petersburg
have already been ordered home. The
assurances given Great Britain on this
point are declared to be satisfactory.
GreafTBritain's bill for damages
cgainst for demurrage and
other indemnities connected with the
arrest, detention and shelling of the
British ships In the Red Sea will be
very heavy. Already It is roughly esti
mated at $5,000,000.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 23— The
popular version of the Red Sea en
tanglement which has so embarrassed
the Russian Foreign Office is that ft
grew out of Grand Duke Alexander,
Mikhalovich. head of the Department
of Mercantile Marine, practically tak
ing matters into his own hands and
commissioning the vessels of the
volunteer fleet, which had passed
through the Dardanelles bound for the
Far East, to hoist the Russian war flag
and seize merchantmen in the Red
Fea. It is understood that the Em
peror has censured his brother-in-law
for taking a step of such gravity with
out consulting the Foreign Office.
There is general relief, however, at
the fact that the Grand Duke Alex
ander Mikhalovich's precipitate action
has not resulted in irreparable com
plications. The blunder of the Grand
Duke is attributed to his youth and in
experience in affairs of state. He is
veil known in the United States, as
he was first staff officer on board the
armored cruiser Dmitri Donskol on the
occasion of the visit of the Russian
squadron to Hampton Roads and New
York in 1903.
His Own Responsibility.
Ord«*rs Sriznne of Merchantmen on
As some surprise has been expressed
at the reports of the sinKJng by Rus-
Eian cruisers of defenseless merchant
Ehlps, instead of taking them into port,
it may be stated tbat the general naval
opinion I»;re Justifies that course, In
the event that the Russian warships,
es Is suspected, have not enough men
abcard to furnish prize crews to con
duct the captured ships to their near
e«t prize port. This is a desperate
course, and, according to the naval
view here, is full of risk for the Rus
sians, who mtost be prepared to pay In
full and in cash for any maritime prop
erty belonging to the citizen of a neu
tral power able to demonstrate that his
goods were not contraband and that
fcis ship was not subject to seizure
ur.der the rules of a prize court.
GRAM) DUKE TO BLAME.
The application was taken at once by
Acting Secretary Oliver to the State
Department, but la view of the Intend
ed release of the Ardova it la improb
able that any action will be taken by
the department.
The case of the Knight Commander
Is regarded here as complicated and
difficult of treatment, altscugh a more
complete statement of facts is expected
to simplify the problem. It is appre
hended that if the contention of the
Bhip's agents that the cargo contained
co contraband is correct the general
doctrine of "neutral flap covers neutraJ
poods'" has been violated by tho de
struction of the ship and cargo.
As for the Knight Commander hcr
telf. the State Department probably
•ttill leave to the British Government
tie adjustment of any issue with Itus-
Bia growing out of her sinking.
WASHINGTON. July 25.— A fact de
veloped this afternoon which might
have led to serious complications had
It not been announced earlier In the
day that the Russian Government had
given orders for the release at Suez
cf the British shin Ardova, which had
on board a large quantity of supplies
being shipped by the War Department
to the Philippine Government, lnclud
inc about 2S0 tons of powder and much
ether matter that would fall within the
Russian definition of contraband: The
stores were being shipped through the
house of George W. Pcabody of New
York and the Orient, which to-day tel
egraphed the War Department that
the Philippine stores were aboard the
Ardova and asked the department to
exert Itself to cause their release.
of the Russian yolunteer fleet steam
ship Smolensk in firing two'shells'over
the British steamship Ardova, if the
official report of the British Govern
ment bears out the press dispatches a
strong protest will be entered against
the Smolensk endangering the lives of
the Ardova's passengers- by- the ir
regular proceedings of the captain of
the Smolensk, custom requiring, that
r.-hen a vessel at sea refuses, to obey
the signal of a warship to stop the
warship will follow it up with a solid
shot across her bows.
Vladivostok Raiders
Await Pacific
A_» III W 1 O •
Russia Escapes Complications With This
Nation by Quickly Releasing
the Ardova.
Warning Sent to the
Korea at Midway
kl*nH
AMERICAN ARMY SUPPLIES FOR PHILIPPINES
ABOARD A STEAMSHIP SEIZED IN RED SEA
Russians Evacuate Tatchekiao After a Severe
Engagement Resulting in Their
Defeat.
w
ship Ardova. which was seized by the
Russian volunteer fleet steamship
Smolensk, has been released and her
prize crew. has been landed. • ,
Captain Smith of the Ardova has
lodged with the British Consul a pro
test against the capture and detention
of the. steamship.
In addition to the fighting west of
Saimatsza, the .War Office also has re
ports of a sharp movement on July 22
and 23 at. Ka Pass, northeast of Ta
Pass, on the Fengwangcheng-Halcheng
road. . . ¦»
ST. PETERSBURG, July 25.— The
simultaneous " movement of the Japan
ese against Tatcheklao and Halcheng
and their move west from Saimatsza
may Indicate "that the Japanese have
started a forward nidvement all along
the. line, but the. War Office's Informa
tion has riot : yet established such a
concerted advance. The general staff's
dispatches in regard to the Japanese
advance against Tatchekiao are meager
and Incomplete. Fighting was still in
progress, according to the latest re
ports. ' If the Japanese develop great
strength It is • not . believed General
Stakelberg will *, offer . serious resist
ance., 'iy. . /..;. '¦; ¦¦¦ -/ :
the Japanese Advance.
Stakelberg Not to Seriously Contest
SLAVS WILL FALL BACK.
Special Cable to" The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, July 25. — The Daily Ex
press understands that the marriage
which had been arranged between Ma
jor Eustace Crawley of the Thirteenth
Royal. Lancers and Miss Daisy Letter,
sister of Lady Curzon of Kedleston,
will not take place. Major Crawley
returned from America on Saturday.
Miss Daisy Leiter, Slster'of Lady Ctu>
zon, Will Not Marry Major
Eustace Crawley.
ENGAGEMENT WITH BRITISH
ARMY OFFICER IS BROKEN"
TACHEKIAO, July 25.— The opin
ion of Major General Kondra
both south and east are weakly held,
but strongly fortified, and that much
of the Japanese Infantry has been
drawn off to reinforce General Kuro
kl, who is' operating against-Lieuten
ant General Count Keller. At some
positions south of Simoucheng dum
mies are actually being used to main
tain entrenchments.
The Russians are so surrounded by
entrenchments to the south and east
that it is hard for them to move with
out coming under flre. There is ap
parently more artillery than infantry
In these positions.
The Japanese are loth to disclose the
locations of their guns. A few days
ago General Baron Stakelberg and his
staff personally reconnoltered the po
sition at Makuntsuidzl Hill without
drawing the Japanese flre, though the
party were conspicuous in their white
uniforms.
The Russians are harassing the Jap
anese posts almost nightly, their Bcouts
creeping up and firing at close range.
The Japanese never attempt to follow
the attackers.
Japanese Ruse to Deceive the Enemy
as to Their Strength.
DUMMIES MAN TRENCHES.
LONDON, July 26.— War news In the
newspapers this morning is scant, but
all reports indicate that the Russians
have suffered 1 a serious check in the
vicinity of Tatcheklao.
The Daily-Telegraph's Liaoyang cor
respondent, telegraphing on Sunday, re
ports that" Tatcheklao was definitely
evacuated Rafter. a ; severe engagement,
which was*- In tended, to retard a Japan
ese flank movement on Liaoyang,' but
this dispatch does not give the place of
the battle'or the, date.
The correspondent, at Tientsin of the
Standard reports 'Incessant fighting
since Thursday: around Tatcheklao and
Kalchoii, in r which the Japanese/were
steadily forcing the/ Russians back.
The dispatch from Liaoyang to', a
news agency . here < reporting heavy
fighting there, all of . Sunday, it would
appear, refers/ to this battle and from
this and other reports ..it. seemsthat
some 30,000 Russians were engaged" and
that the battle, -'to a great extent, was
an artillery duel, no ! mention being
made of a cavalry charge, although
the ground is fairly open and level. '
TIENTSIN, July .25. — Information
has been ' received here to the 5 effect
that the 'Japanese have not entered
Newchwang. The Russian civil ad
ministration-departed last night (Sun
day) arid the"; destruction . of Russian
Government property began this morn
ing, at the Instance of the administra
tion. The fighting reported yesterday
took place between . Newchwang and
Tatchekiao, and Japanese • troops from
Kaichou were engaged. No engage
ment has taken place at Tatcheklao.
MUKDEN, July 25.— The nearest Jap
anese outposts have shown no change
for several days past, and there are no
signs that they contemplate advancing.
New branch societies of the Boxers
are appearing among the Chinese,
under the titles of "Paguatuank" and
"Khunuanmln." A number of the lead
ers have been captured and punished
•by the Chinese Governor.
REPLIES TO PACIFIC MAIL.
State Department Notifies Company of
Its Rights on the High Seas.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The
week's Investigation by the State De
partment of -the problems connected
with the operations of belligerent ships
against neutral merchant marine has
crystallized in a letter addressed to the
Pacific MaiUSteamship Company. The
company recently . wrote to the de
partment, expressing apprehension for
the safety of the big steamship Shaw
mut with her cargo of food supplies
intended for Japan and of other ves
sels of the line about to follow .with
general cargoes, and asked as to the
company's rights and exemptions and
liabilities- on the high seas and within
the war zone in the Far East.
The department, does.,: not deem it
opportune to make th,e* reply public,
but it is understood to be based upon
expressions delivered in preceding ad
ministrations of the State Department,
which, in substance, warned shippers
against the .carriage of contraband
and of violation of port rules imposed
by belligerents in a position to enforce
them. ' . . '
The position of the department will
be speedfly and publicly developed,
not academically, but in connection
with the first protest which is lodged
with the department against the ac
tion cf one of the belligerents toward
an American ship or an American
cargo.
ARABIA A PORTLAND VESSEL.
Steamship Seized Was Under Charter
to a Harriman Company.
PORTLAND, Or., July 25. — The
Portland and Asiatic liner Arabia,
seized by the Russian Vladivostok
fleet, sailed from this port for the
Orient "on the night of July 1, carry-
Ing about 5000 tons of freight, valued
at 5187,087. Her cargo included 33,
726 barrels of flour, most of which
was consigned to Hongkong mer
chants, with smaller shipments to
Kobe and Nagasaki. Next to the ship
ments of .flour the most important item
In the steamship's ( xnanifest was a
large shipment of material used 'in
the construction of railway cars con
signed to Kobe and Yokohama.
' The vessel was not protected from
war risk and but a Blight portion of
her cargo was insured against war
risk, owing to what was .then deemed
an exorbitant rate — Vi per cent being
asked.
The ' Portland and Asiatic Company
Is in reality a branch of the business
of the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company, which Is controlled by
the Harriman railway, interests. That
company has received no news of the
capture of the Arabia.' It is believed
at the general office of the Oregon
Railroad . and Navigation Company
that the Arabia was seized because of
her shipment of railroad materials.
BRIDGE WORK ON. BOARD.
Probable Reason for the Sinking of
the Knight Commander.
LONDON, July 25. — It is pointed
out in shipping circles .at Liverpool
that because of Russia's contention
that Tailroad material Is contraband
of; war, the presence of bridge work
for the Japanese among- the cargo ac
counts for the sinking of the British'
steamship Knight Commander. Her
crew numbered siity-elght, including
natives. She was Insured against war
risks.
There Is practically no excitement
here over the sinking 6f the Knight
Commander, the Russian action having
been taken by a regular, warship and
wlthin'the zone of hostilities. The bit
ter criticism evokedover the action cf
the vessels of the Russian volunteer
.fleet and the passage of ¦ the Dar
danelles is more or less disarmed. The
Foreign Office for the moment takes it
as merely another strong argument in
favor of an international conference
relative to contraband.
RELEASE OP THE SCANDIA.
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL 1 . TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1004
2
Captain Lodges Protest Against Ship's
Capture and, Detention. *•
I "SUEZ." July. 25 t — ThV BriUsl* steam-
A DVERTJSKMEXTS.
y Beer is distinctly different from other Beers |
I — different in purity, different in health* §
/ fulness, different in flavor. It is made of /
/_a^ tt* c k est materials the world affords, in the §£&
RwJ most modern brewery science can construct, V%n J
under the cleanest conditions care can devise.-
| IS ABSOLUTELY PURE I
[1 W^|(^ U HUBERT MERCANTILE CO. I
; : . AD VEimSEMUXTS.
[fe^^^^^P^j' 1 1 For Infants and Children.
i The s ' m m
iV<ll .'I I'.tHU'lftH-tHM*).' ..)1I'U|.I ,, | It 1.1 I , . .. , jlE • •* ** ™ J \.M
PrcparationforAs- 1 g
siin_atmg_«FoodandBegu_a- I « ,, ff
UngthcStouiachsancLBawelsor i JJeaiS tllG ff a \
Promotes DigestiorXheerFi^ 1 / d wF
ness andJRest.Contains neither % n -P «A t ?
Opium.Morphine npr>fineral. - m M |\ \ \J
>OT^AR C OTIC . f ®L\Ji \B
JZxr?t of GM DrStiMCZLPtTCHIR M f O# \
A^_U Semi' v • - IS 1 li «
Jlx-Smna, * 1 JS ll>r_ B
iffl X Use
A perfeel Remedy for Cons tipa- '%, I ll fV *# w w
rion.SourStomach.DiaiThoea % I \a¥
Worms .Coiwulsions.Feverish- ' I 8/ !_!#%!* Puam
ness andLoss OF SLEEP. & \Jfl B" 0 1 U V C I
Tac Simile Signature of iS
e&tffz^ I Thiriu Yoarc
__':____*_!•' v lilllljf luulO
EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. ||) HS IHH fl^ \ \l I fl E Wtk
| " TMt CtNTtUD CO«n«T. «« »O»« CITY.
RAPLWAY TRAVEL. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSS3B
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAG1FI3
BAXX.WAY COUPABT.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot at Market Street.
SAXT FBAZTCZSCO TO SAH BAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:0O. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30. 11:CO a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAIT SATAEL TO BAIT FSAZTOISCO.
"WEEK DAYS — «:05. 6:5O 7:35, 7:50. 9:2O
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, |2:00. 3:40, 6:00, 6:20»
«:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35, 9:20 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 6:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturday.
Leava I In Effect I Arrivs
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. [ Ean Fran.
Week, 1 Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I "Week
Pays. I days. -| tlon. | days. ( Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45a
7:30 a 8:00a 8:40 a 8:40a
8:00 a S:30a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p - . . 6:20 p 7:25 p
' ' 7:25p
8:45p
_________ _____ _ _______
8:00a 8:00a . Kovato 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:2Op
6:10 p 2:30p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p
"7:30 a 7:30 a r ~ loTioa 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:23 p
Windsor. ¦ I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20aJ10:20a.
Lytton. (
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservlli*. 7:25 pi 7:25 p
f Cloverdale. |
7:3Oa|7:30al Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
I j wmits. j i
7:30 a] 7:30 a| Sherwood. ( 7:25 p] 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pf 2:30 p[ Camp Vacation, f 8:45 p| 6:-'0p
8:00a 8:00a 8:40 a 8:4Oa
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20p
( 5:10 p Glen Ellen. [ 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al t 110:20 a}10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:3* p| SebastopoL [ 7:25 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for 'White
Sulphur Sprlnga and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton for Burke" s Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaxxa
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Spring?, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's,
Sarhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr-s Hot
Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Brag?.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
RAILWAY TRAVEL. g
y/ 0^ t"T^\. Tralna le»ve and »r» da*
to»»rrl»»»t
|J£||P^8AN FRANCISCO.
Vm. jb^r-Tf!/ T*ox JrtT B. 1904
\yj« v^S^j\/ Kwaar Depot
1JSX (root or Market Street)
>'**» - MAIN LINE. -aa.iT.
700a VacaTHlf, Winters. IMmaey.. 7 60p
7.00a Bealcla, Klmtra »a<l Sacramento . 720»
7.50a Vallejn, Naps, CalUtoca, Santa
Rosa. Martlnei. San Ramon 8 20*
7 SOa Nt!e3,Tnwy, Lsthron, Hiockron.... 7-209
8.00a Sb«»ra Express— (Via D*rU>.
WtlRatnt (for Bartlrtt 8pr!a«a),
Willows. «fru;o. Ued Bin*.
Portland. Tacoma. Heattle 7.30*>
8-OCa THTt3.Woodla.il J. Katcht* Laodlae,
M*ry»Tl'le. Chico. Orovllle 7.8fl»»
B-SOa Port Costa, Martinez. Aotloch.
Byroa, Tracy. Stockton. Mew-
raaa, L«* Uanoa. lt*ndots«
Annoaa. flwiforl. Via alls.
Porterrllle 4.2Oi»
¦•50A Port Coata. Mad eat*. H arced.
Freano, Ooanca Jane Hon. Uaa-
font. Vlsalla. Rakersfteld 4-50*
t-SQ> Klles, San Jose, Llvercaore, Stock-
ton, (+Mlltoa). lose. SserMaento,
sfaryrrUls. C&tco. r.s-1 H'.aS .... 4 20*
1 -W* Oakdaie. Chtaese. Jafflettown. So-
noro, Tuo!omn» and Angel* 4-20*
0 00a Atlantic Express— OgdeaaaAEa**. 6.2S*
8 30a KJchmond, Martlaes *ad Way
StmUoas £~m S-KO*
10-OOa Ttra UTerlaad Limited — OKdea.
. . Omali*, Chlcafo, Deavar, Kaaaaa
City. St. L<!U!« aVSO*
JO-OOa Yallejo 1Z2fl»>
1000a Le* Aogele* P*M«Bsrr — Port
Co*: a, Martinez. Byroa. Tracy,
La thro p. Btocktoa. Merced,
Ilaymoud. Fresno. Goahen J a no-
tion. Ilac'vrd. L«moor«. VUalla.
Bak«raflnlv Loa Angelea 7-20»
12.C0m Bayward. Ntles aad Way Statloaa. 3-2t>
tl -OOP Sacramento RUer Suamer*. til .80*
iZQP Benfcla. Wtater*. Baerasirata.
Woodland. Willows. Knlffnt*
LasdlafE. ifaryiTnie, Oroflll*
aad way stations 10 30a
>-SC* Bayward. tfilea aad Way Station*.. 7 50*>
4 COP Martlaes.Saa Ramon.VaIle3o.Ka7a,
CallatORSL. Saatn Rumu • 20*
44TO* Idle*. Tracy. 8tockton. Lodl 4.20*
430*» Hayward. Nllea. IrTiagtou, Saa I t«50*
Jos«. LlTennor* J H1.5GA
S<CB»Tne Owl Limited— Newman. I.01
B*no*. Mendota, Freia i, Tulare,
Bazer«aeId.Lo*ABg«les 1.50 a
15.S0* Hayward, Nile* aaa ban Jo*e ..... 7.20a
6X0onayward.SllM*BdSaa Jo*«. 9 S0a
¦ 4flP Eastern Ki3:«m — Op leu. Omaha,
Chicago. Denver, Kaoaaa City.
Si. Lou '.a. Tla MaxUaez. Su>ekto*v.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno...... 12.50**
t.OS* Tallejo, d*f2y. except diiaday.... I 7 Rfl _
7-OOPValleJo. Saaday only f '•"^
7i)0 p Klchmoad. 8an Pablo, Port Coata,
Martnifls aad W*y StatlOD* 1121*
/¦€0*>Reno Passenger — i*or» Coata, SaV-
•nn. Elwlr*. Davis. Bacrameata.
Trockee, Lake Tmao«. JlesM,
Toaopab. Sparks 7-BBA
•T.65* Port Costa, Martinez. Byroa,
Traey, LaUirop, Modest*.
Merced, Berenda, Presno and
Way station* beyond Port Cc*u 12-20*
806* Tonemlte VaUey, via Bereada an4
Wawona 8.50*
8.0&> Martlnex. Traey. Stockton .... .. 10.20a
885* Oregon ft California KipreM — flae-
' rameato. afaryaTllle. Keddlac
Portland. Paget Soand aad East. 1 .59*
8.tQ* Bayward, Nile* aad Saa J**e (Saa-
day only) 11-50*
COAST LINE (''•rrow u« Bir o>.
(Toot or Market Stf-rt.)
vllle, Cnmmlns. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olaens.
Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketi at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to a!l points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
.Ticket Office. 650 Market atreet. Chronicle
bulldlns. s
JAS. I* FRAZIER, K. X. RTAM.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Fasa Asrt.
fglpplll TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY.
||||||i|||| MILL VALLEY,
l^^^^g CAZADERO, Etc.
igsS5v9BraSf*£^ Via Sansalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGE.
Depart from' San Francisco, week day*, at
6 30 7:10 7:45. 8:30. »:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11-40 a. in. Sausalito only), 12:20. 1:45, 3:15.
4 00 435 5:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15, 8:00. 10:20.
11-35 p m Sundays and leral holidays depart
at 7-10 7'« 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
a m' 12 20 1:00 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:35.
5:157'5:50, tt:25. 7:15. 8:15. »:0O. 10:20. 11:33
P * Arrive at San Francisco, week days, 6:17.
7 00 7-35 8:15 8:45. 0:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m..
12^05 1-25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 8:06. 5:40. 6:15.
8-53 '7-55 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45. 2:06,
For P Falrfax. week days, depart at 7:45 a. m ,
3-15 D nw 3:15 p. m. (ex. Sat.). On Sundays
and le'eal holidays at 7:45. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00.
n:C0. 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 7:13
and 8:15 P. tn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m. dally — Caxadero and way «tatlons.
9:16 a. m. Sundays only — For Folnt Reyes,
3:15 p. m. dally except Sunday — For Caza-
dero, etc.
5:13 P. m. dally except Saturday and Sun-
day — For Point Reye*. «tc.
7:15 P. m., Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc ' •
8:15 p. ra.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tk hanlit* "en? Arrive
flan Francisco »-t «f Market St. San Francisco
I ¦ Week Sun- gra Sun- Week"
Day*, days. /feSCpaw jQh. J*Zh.
....... 8:30a fS*i«jP$P| 12:45 p* 8:45a
..10:00a \MS5liBB 2:0Bp'H:05a
10:00a 11:00a V3c^tp5/ 3:35 p 3:35 r
I-.4S r 12-.20 p \fli*§35f 6:40 r 6:15 i
• :l»r 1:45 r >5*3$r r 6:15 p 10:05 1
4:36 rj 8:60 p
• fU (hatltj «*r. . » Timalpafa U liU »*Jltj. x
Ticxrr 1625 Maixxt St. (North Bhore EailroaxlJ
Omcxs land SAcaAUro Fmlkt. Toot Maxteta^.
Weekly CaU t $1.00 per Yeac
7-4SA Saata CrazKxeunloa<SaBday<nU7> 8.ta*>
8.16a Kewartc. Ceaterrille. 8»a Jo*%
Kellon. Boulder Creek. Big Baata,
8mbU Crux and TV ay Stattona... S-6S*
1915a XlrtnAo. Newark. Saa Jo«r. Lot
Gatoa.Glenwood, Fclton. Beulttor
Creek. Big Daata. Santa Crni 6 13*
t2-1 5* Newark. CeoterTtlla, Saa Joae.
Naw Aluadeo. L«a Qatea.rtlloa.
Boalder Creek, Santa Cr«» aad
FYlncl»»l War Station* 19 5>»»
4.TB*> Newark. Raa Joae. L«a Oatoa r3-55*
4.15p Wrizttt. Bonlder Creek and Rants
Crnx, Satanlar and Sunday oniy. »8 55»
COAST LINE <!>>••«.» ?•••*••'.
gar (Talrd and TownaeaU Street*.)
6.10a San Joae and Way Stations 8-30 a>
f7. 00a Saa Joae and Way dUlloaa. 6 40*
7.15a Monterey aad Santa Crui Kxonr-
slon rSanday only) 10-30»
• 00a Kew Almaden (Tuea.. Frit!., only). 4 10*
SCCaT'jo Coaster— Saa Jose. Saltsaa.
Baa Ardo. Paso Hoblea. Santa
Margarita. Saa L9!tObtspo.9anta .
Barbara, Saa Buenaventnra,
Montalvo, Ozaard, Burfeaak. Loa
Aacelet 1&4SP
ff.OOA Gllroy. HoHiater. Caatrortlle. Del
. Monte, Pacific G rave. Surf. Lost-
poc 18-43P
8.00a 'an Joae. Tres Piaoa.WatacmTine.
- Capltola, Bauta Craz. PaclSe
GrOTe. Saltaaa. San I.nla Ubiapo
and Prlnct?*! Way Stations. ... 4 10a>
IO-SOa San Jo*a aad Way Station*. t.2C»
11 -30a Saata Clara. San Jose. Loa Gato*
aad Way Stattona 7-3t>»>
1-3Cp Ean Joaeasd Way Stations S 3&A
tS 00p Del Moate Express (except Sun-
day)— Saata Cl»ra, San Joa», •
-Wat*OD?111e. Santa Cruz. Del
Monte, Uoaterey. Pacific Grore. f 1215»
S-IfrpBarllnarauirt. San Joae. Gllrny. II. >i-
Kater, Tree Plaoa,Pajaro. Wat«on-
1 TlUe. Capltola. Santa Craz. Caa-
.trorUJe, Salinas, Pacific Grove... 13 4Sa
4. 30p f-an Joan and Way Station*........ t8 00a
tS OOP Saata Clara. Saa Joic. Loa Gatos.
Wriebt and principal Way s:v t
Uoa* (except Suaday) *9 00*
{5-30? SanJoseaadPrlaelpalWayStations ;3 40*
6 45P basset Fx»t«*s.— lUdwood. San
Joae,Gllroy.3aUaaa.Paao U- •'->;»«.
Saa L«!i Oblapo, Saata BarUara.
Lo* Angelca, Dwmtnx. SI Pas*,
New Orleans. Vrw York 710*
6.45p> Pajaro. WatsonTtlle. C*pltola. I . in *»_
Sanu Crui. CastroTlUe. DelV;'£*£
Moate, Paelfle Grore I tNMaP
181 5 f fcan*latea,BcresfoM,JJ«!BU>ai.Saa
Carloe, UedwooU. fair Oa*a,
MenloPark. Palo Alto - t«-«*
6 30p San Joa« and Way gtatuoua. C 53a
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 1015*
11 .30p aouth Sa.i Franclico, llilftrs*. Bar
ltsxame. San Mateo, Uclmont,
8«a Carlo*. Hedwood. Fair Csis.
Menlo Park, and I'alo Aito 9.45P
»11-30=" JUfLelil, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrenee, Saata Clara aad
an Jose :9-*5?.
AlorMorniag. P Ur Afurnooa.
tSanda* exceptett t SnndnT oalr
<• Saturday only. • Monday v_ly.
.ibivM at aU ataUcaj ca 6ua iii
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(^>^Piice/ar a
[Good Pocket Knife (
A Knife that is good enough for
anybody and contains the best mate-
rial and workmanship: comes with
two or three blades and several styles
of handle — including pearl.
GOT AST OLD RAZOR? I want It.
Will give you liberal allowance for it
on a new one. I have good Razors as
low as 81.00-
$2.00 STAB SAFETY SAXOBS FOB
S1.5O.
Scissors and other Cutlery, In
splendid assortments, at my usual
low prices.
Razors honed and ground. Honing:,
25c
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap,
15c
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
If A V CCliCB rompt "lief. ' CaaM ramorod.
flfif rrlf t If Symptoms nerer return Acorn-
¦ JJ"."."plete »nd permanent constitu-
AND AQTH&IA tional CURE • B " k 60 r "«-
HO I fllYlM Writs »t once for It, to
P. HAROLD HAYES, Buffalo, N. Y.
STAMMERING
Rational cure; moral and 1 educational; first
applicant next clasa free. I stammered 20
years.. JAMES .FOLET. 6O5'L*iEuna St., cor.
Hayea, San Francisco, 10 a. tn. to B'p. m.
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
HCALIFOR !NIA i
H limited to chicacoI
H LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I
Hat 9:3O a. m., through ta 3 day«,|fl
g| with diner and aU trapping*. H
Other Santa Po Trains:
o^ *' «' 1 <°r Stockton, Fresno. BakersHeld.
8:00 p. m! J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
- , ¦ . . Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Sepot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad*
way, Oakland. QU. 87 Sontn First St,
San Jose,EL -PASO. Tex.. July 25.— Francis Mallen.
Mexican Consul, to-day received a telegram
from F. Canado, Governor of Sinaloa. con
firming the report that two Americana were
killed at Aguas Callcnte* by . u man named
Torres, and adding that "a rigid Investiga
tion has been ordered."
Suicide of Song Writer's Wife, Who
Was Formerly Miss "Fischer of
Los Angeles.
NEW YORK, July 25. — Mrs.
Blanche Madden, 23 years 'of age, wife
of .Edward Madden, song writer, com
mitted suicide to-night by taking car
bolic acid. She had recently been an
inmate of an insane asylum. She was
formerly Miss Fischer of Los Angeles
Cal.
5IRS. BLANCHE MADDEN
ENDS LIFE WITH POISON
| Dewey and his men who fought the
j battle of Manila are to receive their
! capture money on account of the Don
Juan de Austria and other Spanish
property. Justice Gould to-day signed
an order confirming the report of the
auditor in the case. Tne amount of the
property captured finally was placed at
, 51,657,355. One-half of the amount will
I be paid to the; captors, while the re
1 mainder, as provided by law, was
placed to the credit of ths navy pension
fund. ''¦'—
After Long Legal Battle Naval Fight
- crs Will Divide One-Half -
. of $1,657,355.
WASHINGTON. July 25. — After . a
legal, battle of several years,* Admiral
DEW'EY AND HIS MEN WILL
GET THEIR PRIZE MONEY
NEW YORK, July. 25.— To give im
mediate aid to the injured and over
come the long delays heretofore at
tending the arrival of medical aid from
hospitals Park Commissioner Schmitt
of the Bronx has installed tent hos
pitals in Pelham, Vancourtlandt, Cro
ton and Bronx parks. The supervising
physician in charge has an efficient
corps of assistants and nurses in
charge of each of the tents. The in
novation, it is said, will be adopted In
the parks of Manhattan and Brooklyn.
Parks of Metropolis.
Under Canvas Roofs Physicians Will
Render First Aid to Injured in
TENT HOSPITALS ARE NOW
ESTABLISHED IN NEW YORK
WASHINGTON, July 25. — Alfred
May was to-day appointed rural car
rier at Troutdale, Or., and Frank D.
Hubbard substitute.
Army orders — First Lieutenant
Charles Brilllngslea, assistant surgeon,
now under treatment at the Army Gen
eral Hospital, Presidio, is relieved from
further duty in the Philippines divis
ion and will report, on August 1, to the
commanding general of the Depart
ment of California for assignment to
duty at that hospital, relieving Captain
Benjamin J. Edger Jr., who will pro
ceed to Fort Brown, Texas, for duty.
Army Surgeon Brilllngslea, Now Pa
tient at Presidio Hospital, Is
Assigned Duty Here.
OF, INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MIDDLETOWN, N. Y.. July 25. If
the experiment undertaken in propa
gating a new species of Angora goats
at Debruce, Sullivan County, proves a
success it will mean a great industry
for that section of the country.
A large tract of land at Debruce
has been purchased, upon which has
been placed a herd of imported white
Angora goats. The owner has now
gone to New Mexico in quest of 2000
goats from that State and proposes
to cross the breeds, expecting to pro
duce a superior species. Several large
landowners of Sullivan County are
watching the experiment with Interest
and if it results successfully immense
tracts probably will be devoted to the
goat-raising industry, as the* animals'
wool brings about 50 cents per pound
in the market.
Finely Bred Animals Will Be Crossed
With Importations From New Mex
ico to Get Superior Species.
MAY. RAISE ANGORA
GOATS ON LARGE SCALE
HUNGARY WELCOMES
THE AMERICAN' SQUADRON"
FIUME, Hungary, July 25. — Gov
ernor Rosener of Fiume has received
a telegram from Count Stephen Tisza,
the Hungarian Premier, welcoming
the United States warship squadron
here in the name of the Hungarian
Government. Governor Rosener will
give a garden party to-morrow In
honor of the officers and men.
TRINIDAD, Colo.. July 25. — Word
has been received here that two guards
employed by the Victor Fuel Company
at Hastings, twenty miles north of
here, became involved in a quarrel and
decided to fight a duel. Accordingly
.they armed themselves with revolvers
and began firing at each other. When
the guns were emptied the two men
drew knives and fought until both
dropped dead. The names of the duel
ists were nbt given to the Coroner
here, who was notified of the affair,
and together with the Sheriff has gone
to the scene of the duel.
Empty Revolvers at Each Other and
Then Use Knives Till They
Both Drop Dead.
COLORADO GUARDS FIGHT
A DUEL TO THE DEATH
XEW YORK. July 23.— The presi
dent of the Fletcher Family Union,
Mrs. Austin D. Fletcher, of New York,
has issued a call for a meeting of the
descendants of Robert Fletcher, who
lived in Concord, Mass., in 16C0. The
annual family reunion will be held in
Tremont Temple, Boston, on Wednes
day, August 31. A family dinner will
be served, addresses will be made by
prominent members of the union and a
trip will be made to Salem to visit
the witch house and other historic
spots and to enjoy a clambake at
Salem "Willows.
FLETCHER FAMILY WILL
ASSE3IBLE IN* BOSTON
Miscellaneous — E. Schmidt. Berkeley: Mrs.
C. Smyser. Pasadena; F. J. Dodge and wife
Sacramento: W. L.. Brooks and family, Peta
luma; M. J. Fulton, Eureka: A. W. HaJnes
and wife. A. I. Haines, San Diego: D. R. Kil
bourne. San Bernardino; W. E. Meek Hay
wards; G. E. Webber Jr., Belmont; M. Hirsch
Vkiah; C. A. Norton. Napa: A. U Amondscni
Bo.-ate; M. Menasses and wife. Stockton- J
S. Gwathrey and family, San Pedro; P. John
son. Kracaw: T. Kelley. O. A. Mullen Na
tional City; T. R. St. Michael and wife Del
Monte; Mrs. M. Deaver, Whlttler; S P. *Kee
ney and wife, F. Beardes. Santa Ana; S F
Blodes and wife. Willlts: E. B. Wclbridge anti
wife. Tuscan Springs: Mrs. J. C. Yeakey Red
dinp; A. I. Patton. S. M. Patton, Mrs M J
Patton. Gilroy;~G. Riddle. Riverside"" A ' j"
Gllman and wife.' Bakersneld.
San Francisco — Miss A. Brand, Fred Brand
J. S. Stevenson. D. R. Hare, L. U. O"Connor"
Ei Walsh. Mrs. A. Weidurvilt. R. E. Stark.
D.' E.'Calleua and wife, A. B. Butler. M. Car
roll, B. Grose. Mrs. M. B. Horton, J. E. Hor
ton, Mrs. A. R. Rickoft, J. Browning and wife.
Oakland — Miss M. K. Dunton. Mrs. J. Che
ney, J. m. Little, B. B. Boas. J. E. Cheney.
Alameda— W. Stateler, F. A. Kenny, Mrs.
M. ¦ Foster.
Santa Barbara— J. P. Bcckstead. A. E.
Beckstead N\ Wall.
ST. LOUIS. July 25.— The following
California visitors are registered at the
California building:
Visitors From AH Over State Are at
St. Louis.
CALIFORNIANS AT THE FAIR.
ITHACA. N. Y., July 25.— The lives
of many persons out sailing on Cayuga
Lake were put in jeopardy yesterday
by the sudden development of -an enor
mous waterspout. Without warning a
whirling mass of water at least 150
feet in diameter and reaching up to
the clouds started from the shore of
the lake Just north of this city and
with remarkable rapidity traveled
more than a mile across the surface
of the water toward the west.
The mass was shaped like an hour
glass and was partially enveloped In
spray. The surface of the water over
which it passed was churned into a
foam. Fortunately no boats happened
to be in the path of the spout.
Whirling 'Mass of Liquid Shaped Like
an Hour Glass Disports on Sur
face of Cayuga Lake. -
WATERSPOUT JEOPARDIZES
LIVES OF HOLIDAY FOLKS
"Yur.g«Oun"8 traveling card, a spe
cial one, did not permit him to stay
hf-re permanently," said Commissioner
Foote. -Therefore I must enter an
order of deportation."
Yung Chin is a wealthy silk dealer
at 421S Cottage Grove avenue. His
defense was tbttt his special traveling
card allowed him to remain here as
long as he wished. > ¦'. -'¦
CHICAGO, July 2Z. — One of China
town's influential citizens must go back
to China as the resv.t of an order is
si#d by L'nited States Commissioner
Fcote to-daj-. He is Yung Chin, ar
rested on a charge of being in the
United States unlawfully.
Influential Chieaso Silk Dealer Will
Be fc<mt Back to His Na
tive Country.
WEALTHY CIUNESE IS
ORDERED DEPORTED
An investigation of the affair will be
made at once by the officers of the
Fort Logan Indian agency here. Rocky
Point is eighty miles south of here and
communication with that place is pos
sible only by carrier.
HARLEM. Mont.. July 25.— Xews
reached here to-day of a shooting af
fray at Rocky Point, in the Bad Lands
of the Missouri River, last Friday in
which three men. all Indians, were
killed. Several cowboys were wounded,
one fatally.
The trouble is said to have been
started by a half-breed named Brown.
Brown and several Indians were on
their way to the Crow reservation and
stopped for a time at Rocky Point.
There they began drinking and playing
poker with some cowboys. A disagree
ment ensued and this led to the use of
weapons. When the smoke cleared
away it was found that Brown. Aloy
sius Chandler and an Arapahoe Indian
were dead, their bodies being literally
filled with bullets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, July 19.— Eugene Mc-
Phetridge, a clerk in the office of the
quartermaster of the United States
army here, was arrested by United
States Marshal Hendry on the charge
of having smuggled into the United
States 3250 cigars. It was agreed that
the prisoner should be allowed to go on
bonds of $2300, and he is booked for
appearance '' In the Commissioner's
court on July 22.
The United States officials concerned
in the case are observing a remarkable
secrecy about the whole affair and It Is
rumored that the arrest of McPhetridge
is only the beginning of disclosures of
irregularities of a sensational nature.
The cigars that McPhetridge is said
to have smuggled are understood to
have come from the United States army
transport Sherman and not from the
Thomas, the last transport here.
McPhetridge, who has been In the
employ of the army department for
some years, has always borne an ex
cellent character. He is a married man
of middle age, living with his wife at
14SS Nuuanu avenue. Mrs. McPhet
ridge is at present visiting in Cali
fornia. He was appointed to the de
partment from San Francisco.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Cattlemen Quarrel AVith
Aborigines and General
Shooting Match Ensues
Eugene 3IcPhet ridge, an
Array Clerk. Charged With
Smuggling 3200 Cigars
Superior Judge Taggart of Santa
Barbara is at the fair. Other visitors
from there are the Misses Breslau,
daughters of Theodore Breslau, a re
tired merchant.
J. W. Anderson, ex-State Superin
tendent of Schools of California, and
wife and William Sexton of the Fire
man's Fund, San Francisco, and daugh
ter are here.
O. P. Cook, a nurseryman, and W. G.
Goode, a farmer of Ventura, are here
with their wives. Coroner Roy Beckley
is another Ventura visitor.
B. W. Worthington, assistant to
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern
Pacific Company, is on his way home
with his family via New Orleans after
visiting the exposition
Colonel R. M. Green of Oroville took
an important part in the meeting of
Union and Confederate veterans held
here to arrange for a great national re
union of the blue and the gray at
Washington next May. He was ap
pointed a member of the committee
that is to notify Generals Lee and
Black, commanders, respectively, of the
Confederate and Union organizations,
of the desire to hold the reunion.
, Among the prominent visitors to the
exposition is Colonel A./B. Butler of
Fresno and San Francisco, who was
always a leading raisin packer and
who was credited recently with making
a sale of oil lands at a figure beyond a
million. He now has 12,000 acres of oil
land in the Indian Territory and has
come here from Europe, where he left
his family, on his way to the Territory.
He spent five months there last year.
Judge Wills and his associates in the
Sacramento Development Association
display entertained 100 young ladies the
other day, who were sent to the fair by
a Cincinnati newspaper. They came
from Ohio and surrounding States.
Each was given a package of Califor
nia nuts and dried fruits and some of
the literature of the Sacramento Val
ley.
Charles H. Spear, chairman of the
State Harbor Commission, is here with
his wife and daughter. Spear saw the
unpacking and placing in position at
the San Francisco building of the sec
tion of a modern wooden cylinder pier
sent here by the Harbor Board. This
is an excellent municipal exhibit— one
of the best and most interesting in the
building. The outer sixty feet of a pier
100 feet in width is shown on a scale
of one-half inch to the foot.
TO BETTER FERRY BUILDING.
Spear will return home armed with
facts through which he hopes to make
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Express erect a
building of its own on the water front
and stop using the space now occupied
by it in the ferry building. He has
made inquiry in several large Eastern
cities and finds, he says, that no ex
press company is given such a privilege
In any of them.
George A. Dennlson is here In the
employ of the State Board of Trade and
the California commission. He talks to
visitors on the floor of the building
afternoons and assumes the duties of
secretary In the forenoon. Commis
sioner Fllcher is very anxious that
Dennison be made secretary perma
nently, but it is likely that some good
Republican who is capable and who
helped make Pardee Governor— and
there are plenty eligible— will be given
the billet. The statute creating the
commission provides that a secretary
shall be appointed at a salary of $200
a month and expenses. . The Commis
sioners are anxious to get some one of
their own choosing into the pjace at
less than half the salary fixed by the
legislative act. It is rumored that
their zeal to save the State money is
so great that they are going to donate
half their "own salaries to the State at
the close of the fair. Neither of them
will confirm this, and it is probably
only a rumor..
CONFEDERATE VETERANS.
Through the efforts of the United
States Government a colony of Japa
nese silk growers is to be established
near the city of Saji Diego, and this
will give the industry a good start
there.
to stimulate production, offers $1 for
every cocoon sr>un in America, and has
taken an especial interest in the San
Diego article. It is said that the San
Diego worms produce even a better silk
than those of China and Japan because
of the equability of the climate. The
worms ,»re affected by every unusually
warm or cold spell and also by feeding
on wet leaves, so every radical change
in the thermometer and too much rain
injures the quality of the silk produced.
Eight-inch mulberry slips planted in
March in San Diego will produce leaves
in June big enough for the worms to
feed on.
"With the San Diego silk material was
a magnified cocoon, showing the miller
into which the worm turns after spin
ning, in the act of escaping from its
delicately constructed castle to mingle
with others of its kind and produce
more worms to go through the same
process and produce more cocoons. This
monster cocoon is five feet long and
more than a foot and a half thick, and
the miller escaping from It Is as big as
an eagle. If the real cocoon were as
large as this the silk would have to be
wrested from its Inhabitant by a Sher
iffs posse.
HOPE TO DEVELOP INDUSTRY.
Silk is not produced now in commer
cial quantities In San Diego, but the
residents there hope to make Its pro
duction a prominent industry In time.
In many yards in the city of San Diego*
silkworms are kept as a matter of
amusement, and one woman has made
money for years by selling cocoons and
Bilk ornaments as souvenirs, but the in
dustry up to 4 this time has made no
great headway there.
Now the Government has taken an
Interest in It' and much is expected
from this aid by San Diego. Uncle Sam.
The final shipment of material for
the California exhibits, with the ex
ception of fresh fruits, which will con
tinue to arrive throughout the sea
son, has reached here. In it were sev
eral cases of processed fruit to add to
Alameda County's display in the Hor
ticultural building, three cases of
stuffed birds, fish and animals, which
constitute the Sacramento exhibit in
the Forestry, Fish and Game building,
where Los Angeles has been the only
California county represented up to
this time: an additional silk exhibit
for San Diego County and eight cases
of minerals and photographs for the
mining display. Among the minerals
was some fine gold ore for the Nevada
exhibit.
Los Angeles has learned about all
there is worth learning in regard to
exposition display. Two items are
prominent in this fund of knowledge:
It pays to make a first-class exhibit
and pays to have it ready on opening
day. ,
The representatives of some of the
other counties have written home ad
vising as to the removal of their dis
plays to Portland when this exposi
tion closes. Unfortunately, politics
sometimes Is a stronger force in the
selection of exposition representatives
than public weal and some of the men
who have gained valuable knowledge
here may have to give way to others
who never saw an exposition, but have
a "drag."
HAS LEARNED LESSON*.
Los Angeles County, with its accus
tomed advertising enterprise, has al
ready decided to send its beautiful ex
hibit here to the Lewis and Clark
exposition at Portland, Ore. The Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce is tak
ing the preliminary steps, toward se
curing space and transporting the en
tire display.
Los Angeles knows the advantages
of placing her charms before the world,
and when the Portland fair is opened
the first visitor to pass through the
gates will see the chief county below
the Tehachapl ready for inspection. The
results of this promptness always prac
ticed by Los Angeles are all that the
visitors see her display and all go away
feeling that the people are awake and
up-to-date.
CALL BUREAU. WORLDS FAIR.
St. Louis,* July 25.— Ventura County's
exhibit in the Agricultural building is
attracting much favorable attention.
The wisdom shown in the selection of
products and the judicious arrange
ment of the display have been sub
jects of wide comment among visit
ors from all parts and sources of pride
to Californians in general and visitors
from Ventura in particular. Honored
with the prominent position its char
acter merits, the display is so Indi
vidual and in such unblemished condi
tion that its merit would attract wher
ever the contribution had been lo
cated.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
VENTIRA COCNTYS ATTRACTIVE EXHIBIT AT THE WORLD'S FAIR. WHICH IS CAUSING MUCH FAVORABLE COM
MENT AND BRINGING HIGH PRAISE FOR THAT SECTION OF CALIFORNIA AND FOR THE PEOPLE WHO SO C\RE
FULLY ARRANGED TH= DISPLAY. FROM VISITORS FROM MANY LANDS. '
COWBOYS KILL
THREE INDIANS
UNDER ARREST
AT HONOLULU
Six uhite women, who were arrested
as a result of the trouble, are being
held pending the investigation into the
fight. t*t far three Filipinos, who were
identified by the women as being in the
restaurant at the time of the trouble,
have been arrested and It is expected
that others will be taken into cus
tody.
reroverir.e
Jenkfog of the Cafe Luzon, on the Phil
ippine reservation at the world's fair,
vho was wounded Saturday night in
an encounter with Filipinos, who re-
Eisted the closing c-f the restaurant by
an attack with knives, is not expected
t-j live. Night Watchman McGuire and
the others wounded in the affray are
VICTIM OF FELIPIXOS
NOT EXPECTED TO LIVE
JIanager of World's Fair Restaurant
Is Said to Be Dyinc — More
Arrests Will Be Made.
ST. LOUIS. July :5.->Manager Ben
The manager of the company is quot
ed as saying that if the arrangements
for further financial assistance did not
succeed it would be advisable to wind
up the affairs after a three years' ex
istence as a corporate company. There
are some forty people in the combina
tion.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., July 23.—
A conference has been held here be
tween the manager and members of
the Bostonian stock opera company in
which it was seriously proposed that
the company disband. The members
have concluded a three weeks' engage
ment in this city and while the patron
age here was not disappointing, the
profits were not enough to meet the
serious deficiency which had been
created by a run of ill-luck which
started in Boston.
Success at Atlantic City Does Xot
Yield Enough Coin to Overcome *
Losses at Boston.
BOSTONIAX STOCK OPERA
COMPANY MAX DISBAND
NEW YORK, July 25.— New York
loses $23,000,000 annually through tuber^
culosis, according to a statement made
by Dr. Darlington. Commissioner of
Health, before the summer school in
philanthropic work to-day.
"Estimating the value of a single life
at $1500. and taking only those lives be
tween 16 and 45 years," said Dr. Dar
lington, "the loss of life in this city
alone from tuberculosis mounts up to
the startling sum of $23,000,000 annu
ally.
"The death rate here is much lower
than in large European cities, which
shows what has been accomplished by
the spread of clinics, and of preventive
measures, of better housing conditions,
of the warfare against dark interior
rooms and unsanitary plumbing, which
has gone forward here during the last
few years.
"The death rate will not go much
lower with us unless we take even
more radical steps. It is "a question
simply of educating the people and of
general sanitary conditions."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARACAS, July £5.— The Govern
ment, by a motion before the federal
court, the defense being unrepresented,
has Dlaced an attachment on all the
property belonging to the New York
and Bennudese Asphalt Company, espe
cially on the asphalt lake, Guanoco.
Benor Carrier, the former manager of
the cocpany, tvos appointed receiver.
WASHINGTON*. July 25.— President
Castro seme weeks a£t> demanded $3.
650,000 cf the New York and Benr.udese
Asphalt Company, alleging that the
company had given material aid to the
late revolutionary movement, causing
the Venezuelan Government to spend
that amount.
The State Department has been
briefly advised by Minister Bo*ven that
the Venezuelan Government has ob
tained a Judgment against the Bermu
dtse company for its alleged aid to the
revolution. The Judgment amounted, to
r.early $10,000,000. ac<f it is inferred that
the Government found that the only
v. ay it could obtain satisfaction for this
large amount was to seize the property.
E»*4al Dispatch to The Call
Judgment for Ten
Dollars on Ground of Al
leged Aid to Insurgents
Declares Improvement Is
Impossible Without Adop
tion of Radical Measures
DEATH KATE AT LOWEST
SXAP COURT DECISION
Venezuelan Dictator Takes
Property of New York
Company on Attachment
New York Physician Esti
mates Yearly Loss by Tu
berculosis to Be $23,000,000
Los Angeles Display Will Be Moved From St. Louis at Close of
Fair to the Lewis and Ciark Exposition at Portland — San
Diego Siik\yoims Are Objects of Keen Interest to Many
COSTS A VAST
SUM ANNUALLY
CASTRO SEIZES
ASPHALT LAND
VENTURA COUNTY'S WELL ARRANGED
EXHIBIT ATTRACTS WIDE ATTENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. . HJLY ¦ 26. . 19(W.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHY HOT WEATHER MAKES WOMEN NERVOUS
fr* c^g^ s %%Q? > cr{ Suggestions by Dr. Hartman.— How
{ to Combat the Nervous Depression
A Incident to Wirm Weather.
W * p^§^l% . _ - _ Nervousness is very common amonf
/ , i$SS"^^^§f^5< women. This condition is due to anaemic
I «$3Sp|tS^l^§&2i nerve centers. The nerve ..or.ters are
\ 3 ,,^^^^ i^%;[j*iS l feJ/VK\ the reservoir for nerve vitality. ThP3'!
h!5^^^^^^^^^V^^' ; "' /^a centers become bloodless for the want of
This c " niiitir> n '- s especially noticeable
during th<; warm season. Every sum-
*ifi'^H^^^^^^^^^-^dH mer an arm> " of 'n v alids are produced ai
Wi^W^^sS^^^^^^f a direct resul * o{ weak nervous systems.
K^^^^^^^.^<^iJ^\ This could easily be overcome by the
W^^^^S^^^J^^^f'^K llse of Per «na. F'.-run.i strikes at the
.^^^p^^^^^^^^^^-'v^^V root of the trouble by .•orre;-t::<£» the
;^^^ digestion. Perfect <!!pestk>n furnish**
increased nutrition for the nerve renters
Perfectly digested food srives these r es-
ervoirs of life a vitality which creates
q^pg====^-_-r;=ggg^ggSS§gg^l^^ strong-, steady nerves. ;ir«.l In this m»n-
$|^__ = 3^/-rgSg|^g§|^^2^N ner fortifies and nourishes life.
%gS==§==~rii;tS=g=s|il^^siy Miss Blanche Groy. ;i prominent young
jf^~~ ~^_^ society woman of Memphis. Tezn.. In &
fg^-== ¦^t**'*^ recent letter from 174 Alabama street.
h nervous force is often taxed to the ut-
i I most from lack of rest and irregular
jgjS^^S^isri*^ \^ meals. / know of nothing which is of s?
I ~^^ :^^i04g3?£S£ > J : *>S5z~--^ much benert °S Perunc. \ t .«-.k it a ferv
r^^^^^S^^^r^^^^l mOnths a *° when T f?U m X "trer.sth
Slvins way. ar.-l it soon mide itself mini-
fest !" 3'*' n 2 m ' "e » strength ani hezlth. "
jnrg^ufl^^' ::a^iLj^ === , Pc-ru-na Contain* No Narcotics.
— 1\ "Q 1 -rk r\ /^rw» f w« / /If One reason why Peruna has found
l|\ .DIOJ \\.|\t Vjl \,Y. /M permanent use in so many homes is that
la \ I hi ' l contains no narcotic of any kind. Pe-
yA.x^^Vr a 'Ft"" v ) g runa is perfectly harmless. It can be
«fK i\\ mL ijr _ 0- used any length of time without acquir-
ing a drug habit. P»runa does not pro-
A VVell-Known Canadian Lady Sends duce temporary results. It is permanent
Letter of Endorsement to Peru n* | 'MV-^tad effect' upon the system.
Miss Mary Burns. 28 Spring Garden | and gradually eliminates catarrh by re-
Road. Halifax. N. S.. writes: "Having I moving the cause of catarrh. There are
used Peruna for indigestion and stomach a multitude of homes wnere Peruna has
trouble and to build up a broken down been used off and on for twenty years,
system with the very best results. I am Such a thing could not be possible if Pe-
pleased to state my experience with this runa contained any drugs of a narcotic
excellent medicine. I had been troubled ; nature.
with stomach trouble and poor digestion At this season of the year we are be-
for some years, and although I tried culiarly liable to inflammations of the
many remedies and dieting, nothing stomach and bowels. It is the part of
seemed to restore my health I used wisdom to learn how to cut them short
Peruna. In three months I had entirely and in the easiest and quickest manner,
recovered my health and strength." — Peruna does this by its peculiar power
Mary Burns. I over all forms of catarrhal troubles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 1 This Cap Label pi
H k a S^rcstee »cf the purity Sj
1 1 snd richness of our Ma
a Brand m
h Evaporated m
r\ (Dream JI
rB to snyene tile to prove Kg
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
CARTERS! CCRE SICK HEADACHE -
FIittle Genuine Must Bear
g pXfS F2>Simile Signature
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some New
It dosen't make any dif- M?&^vK3wB
r erence what you want to ' :: -£^8&J
pay for a hat we can show ¦ ¦¦•'¦¦^m^3i
you just the style desired C-j^^pSi-^^-.
.it the price you care to pay. 3^R^?^'^' ?> '***-
A mention of the styles ....-•'$/ :^ |T /"v^/ .
is not possible here, but. *• :/: : : ::^^t : ' : 'J
our new fall stock contains V^iw "^ ' » £
brought out this season. ; ; ; y y
We picture two styles out of a
jK^^^^a dozen or more that sell at $1.95,
¦lii^isiK $ 2 -5° anc * $3-0O. according to the
filBh'^^JS^^^aaR quality of the material. The hats
in each instance are lower in price
lNlwt/lr'iJ^lr- ian t^ le exc^ us^ ve stores ask for
\ y&. fl^^ljk l^ e ver >' same quality. See our
}^-,-^ sae '-- i Mi Special for Wednesday and
JlsgSs&IP^ Thursday only — Pure worsted
/^^^^/^\ s wool jerseys, regular $1.50 and
740 Market StreetSANTA CRUZ, July 25. — George T.
Collins, snare drummer in the United
States Thirteenth Infantry; Band, [was
found dead this morning, lying on. the
pavement with his skull fractured and
his neck dislocated. Collins was out
last night with a friend named Mc-
Carthy. On their " return Collins
stopped at a bench and went to sleep.
It is supposed that 'he fell over the
precipice.
SNARE DRUMMER MEETS
DEATH AT SANTA CRUZ
NEWPORT COLONY TO HAVE '
RIVAL ON CONEY ISLAND
NEW YORK, July 25.— As 'the result"
of an agreement between the" city and
the Manhattan Beach Land Company,
the city will have a public park of
eleven acres on the extreme east end of
Coney Island, and i the Manhattan
Beach Company will establish a sum
mer cottage colony, which the manage
ment hopes will rival that of Newport.
The work on the cottages will be begun
at once and they will be* ready for oc
cupancy next season. To make this im
provement the Manhattan Beach Land
Company is preparing to soend $3,000,-
M0.
OREGON CITY, Or.. July 25.— W. H.
H.' Samson and Earl McAdam reached
here to-day "from Dodge, "Clackamas
County, with sheep. Last night they
stopped in ' a deserted ' cabin. When
they made a flre this morning a great
scratching was heard in the chimney.
A cougar had fallen down the big
chimney and was stuck fast. Rendered
frantic by the smoke .the cougar strug
gled so that the stones of the chimney
were coming down when the men
rushed, out. As they ran out of the
door they saw the chimney fall.
Makes Trouble When Smoke
'Annoys Him.
Animal Imprisoned in - a Chimney
CAPTIVE COUGAR GIVES
. FRIGHT TO SHEEPMEN
NOW FINDING ARSENIC
IN SOUR LAKE REGION
GALVESTON, Tex., July 25.— "What
will happen next?" is the question that
comes from the Sour Lake oil fields,
one of the largest in Texas. The latest
development is a two-foot strata of
arsenic. Such a find was never dreamed
of. There is much speculation, as to
what may be discovered lower down.
Half a dozen valuable mine formations
have been found in Southern Texas in
the drilling that has been done for oil.
OMAHA, Neb., July 25. — Reports of
the building of a cut-off from Marys
ville, Kans., to Topeka, Kans., and the
future operation of through passen
ger trains from Kansas City to' the Pa
cific Coast over the main line of the
Union Pacific were confirmed, at the
headquarters of that road to-day. .
The Union Pacific will build about
100 miles of new track from Topeka
to Marysville, work on which will be
gin at once. When this line is com
pleted through trains will then be run
from Kansas City to Topeka over 'the
Kansas division, thence north \ to
Marysville, Kans., Where the tracks of
the St. Joseph and Grand Island will
be used to Grand Island, Neb., where
they will go west on the main line.
The St. Joseph and Grand Island
was once, a part of the Union Pacific
system, but has been segregated since
the receivership of the latter and op
erated independently. "'
Through Passenger Trains From Kan
sas City -to Pacific Coast Will
Run Over Main Line. ,
WILL BUILD CUT-OFF FROM
MARYSVILLE TO TOPEKA
SEATTLE, July 25. — An overturned
fishing sloop with the dead bodies of
two men lashed to it was picked up in
<;hatham Straits last Friday by the
steamer Arrow, Captain Doyle, which
arrived to-day from Alaska. The men
had been drowned several days. From
papers in their possession Captain
Doyle discovered that their names were
J. Malone and Charles Thumberg.
UPTURNED SLOOP AND
ARE PICKED UP
. LOS ANGELES, July 25.— Harry Hll
leri who is alleged to have been utter
ing fraudulent warehouse receipts for
whisky in bond, was arrested at the
Hotel Rosslyn to-day. He is held at the
police station for forgery, while the San
Francisco authorities are looking for
him on a similar charge. Several of
fenses of this nature have been com
mitted in the northern city, Which the
police say are chargeable to the nattily
dressed German. Hiller's victims here
were liquor men, on whom he passed
several forged warehouse, receipts pur
porting to cover whisky "in bond, but
which were really worthless. He se
cured hundreds of dollars from each of
several victims, and when arrested this
morning was in the act of packing his
effects.
Is AVanted in San Francisco on
Fraud Charge.
Harry Hillcr, Arrested inrCos Angeles,
POLICE BELIEVE THEY
HAVE CLEVER RASCAL
PALO ALTO. July 23.— M. G. Slade,
or "Chappie" Slade as he is generally
known, a married man. aged 28 years,
while handling a 38-caliber revolver
this afternoon accidentally shot him
self, the ball entering above the heart.
The wound may prove fatal. Slade
drove a laundry wagon and, with his
brother, owned a cisrar stand here.
Alto Man May Result in
Fatality.
Careless Handling of a Pistol by Palo
SHOOTS HIMSELF NEAR
HEART BY ACCIDENT
Hans made the courtroom ring with
his yells while the sentence was being
executed, but in a few minutes re
turned with weeping eyes and thanked
Judge Hogue. He then shook hands
with Martin andjie boys left the court
together.
PORTLAND, July 25.— A spanking
by a strong, husky policeman was the
sentence passed^ by Municipal' Judge
Harry Hogue upon eleven-year-old
Hans Hanson this morning. Accord
ingly the young offender was led howl
ing into a side room and there spanked
by Bailiff Goltz.
Hans had heard that one Martin
Toomey had threatened to "lick" him
on sight. He met Martin and thrashed
him without a word of explanation.
Hans was arrested and the Judge de
cided that Martin should not get all
the thrashings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, July 25.— A swarm of
rats saved the candy factory of Rus
sell & Gilbert on the east side from
wholesale looting last night. Five boys
under the age of twelve years were
arrested this morning by Officer Smart
on the charge of robbing the factory.
The boys admit that they broke into
the factory through a window in the
basement and that they would have
carried away more of the candy had
it not been for the rats in the cellar.
Three of the boys say that the rats
made a vicious attack on them and
that they were forced to run from the
building. They say that they carried
away only two or three boxes of candy,
but that they could not eat it all as
it made them sick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Five Youngsters Break Into
Candy Factory and Con
front Unexpected Enemy
alty on Juvenile Offender
Portland Magistrate Admin
isters New and Novel Pen-
RATS FRIGHTEN
AWAY ROBBERS
JUDGE ORDERS
BOY SPANKED
WANT SIR LIPTON TO
CHANGE THE CONDITIONS
SAN DIEGO. July 25.— Sir Thomas
Lipton has been requested by cable tu
make a change in the deed of gift of
the Corinthian cup to permit the en
trance of the Los Angeles 21-footers in
the yacht races to be sailed here next
month. The effect of his acquiescence
would place the racers upon a time al
lowance basis. It is believed he will
make the change requested.
SACRAMENTO, July 25. — Manuel
Joseph, member, of a prominent .Por
tuguese family, was drowned at Court
land, in, the Sacramento River below
Sacramento, while in swimming to
day. He took cramps In the cold wa
ter and sank to the bottom. .
PROMINENT PORTUGUESE
a ¦•OF SACRAMENTO DROWNED
REDDING. July 25. — The oldest
residence in the old town of Shasta
was destroyed by fire this morning at
6 o'clock. It wa» occupied by C. R.
Trudgeon and family, who lost nearly
all of. their possessions. The home
was built early in 1854 and for years
was occupied by Senator J. M. Brlce
land and family. On the death of the
Senator the property was purchased
by the Trudgeons. The loss is $2000.
Pioneer Home Is Destroyed.
The committees appointed by Gnfhd
Oberchlef Wunder are: General com
mittee — R. Landmann, San Francisco;
D. Cohn, San Francisco; F. Schu
macher, San Francisco; E. P. Sllber,'
Sacramento; -R. Rumetsch, San Fran
cisco. Finance— Otto. Berrman, San
Francisco; M. Dickett, San Francisco;
W. Walker, Sacramento. Credentials —
F. Braemer, E. Ansel and C. Roth, all
of Alameda. £
There is to be a lively contest for
the' election of grand treasurer and
grand vice chief.
SANTA CRUZ, July 25. — The session
of the Grand* Stamm of German Red
Men was .opened at 9. o'clock by the
grand • oberchicf, . John Wunder, of
Sacramento. ¦ There werS eighty deler
gates and past chiefs present.. The
grand oberchlef gave an address.
The secretary, M. Fuetscher, of San
Francisco, reported an increase of
more than 200 members and over 1200
in the State.
Interesting Session 3Iarks the Be
ginning of the Santa
Crnz Work- .-..-. ...-..¦
GERMAN ORDER OF RED
MEN OPEN CONVENTION
The miners learning of the desire to
take Rae below for treatment volun
teered to carry their comrade to the
railroad. He was tenderly placed in
a comfortable armchair and the sturdy,
kind-hearted miners started from the
mine on their tedious trip to Middle
Creek station. They got a special order
to stop the train and Rae is now in
J?an Francisfco under treatment.
Rae was at one time assayer at the
Mount Shasta mine, but since the mine
has been closed down he had been in
charge of the property for the owners.
He has been seriously ill for several
weeks and was go weak that he could
not stand the trip in a buggy over the
rough road from the mine to the rail
road.
REDDING, July 25.— Twelve miners
In shifts of four each spent five long
hours yesterday carrying their sick
comrade, Joe Rae, from the Mount
Shasta mine to Middle Creek station, a
distance of eight miles over rough and
du8ty roads.
Miners Convey Their Weakened Friend
Over Mountain- to the Rail
way .Station.
CARRY SICK COMRADE
OVER LONG ROUGH ROADS |
NEW YORK. July 25. — A deter
mined effort was made to-night to
make Senator Gorman chairman of
the Democratic National Committee.
The Maryland Senator remained firm,
but the effort has not been . aban
doned and will be resumed to-morrow,
when a - number Of New York business
men will call upon Gorman and state
reasons why they want him instead of
Taggart of Indiana. The impression
prevails among the strongest support
ers of Tdggarti that, --notwithstanding
the efforts made to-night, Taggart will
be elected. ' - , ¦ • .- . • •, ¦
Taggart for Campaign Manager.
Democratic Leaders Do Not Want
INSIST UPON GORMAN.
WASHINGTON, July 25. — After
three months of executive meetings
and consultations, the announcement
was made to-day of the existence in
Washington of a labor organization,
national in its plans and formed with
the avowed purpose of fighting for or
against representatives in Congress
who favor or oppose labor legislation.
What the Anti-Saloon League is to
the temperance movement this organ
ization proposes to be for labor unions
throughout the country.
The new body is said to have re
ceived the sanction of the Central La
bor Union, which will refer political
matters which come before it to this
Xeiv Organization to Enter Into the
Congressional Campaign.
LABOR BODY IN POLITICS.
TACOMA, July 25. — One of the
richest quartz gold strikes known in
Southeastern Alaska has been made
by the Treadwell Mining Company on
Kensington LQdge, at Bedners Bay.
This property was recently purchased
of the Nowell family and stands un
der bond to Superintendent Joseph
McDonald and F. W. Bradley, consult
ing engineer of the Treadwell mines.
After bonding the property \ two
months, ago they started a crosscut
tunnel 800 feet below the lower sur
face workings, which were a hundred
feet deep. They struck the Kensing
ton ledge within twenty feet of its ex
pected location from the surveys. The
ledge is of great magnitude, carrying
richer ore than that of the Treadwell
mines. o <.
One of Richest Quartz Leads Known
in Country Is Found at
Bcdnern Bay.
TREADWELL COMPANY
MAKES BIG STRIKE
PORTLAND. Or., July 25. — General
Chaffee, chief of staff of the army, and
Quartermaster General Charles F.
Humphrey arrived in Portland from
Vancouver barracks this evening. Fol
lowing a dinner given in honor of the
generals at Arlington Club General
Chaffee and General Humphrey, accom
panied by General Frederick Funston,
took the train for Astoria. After in
specting the fortifications at the mouth
of the Columbia the party wilj return
to this city. Efforts are being made to
have General Chaffee remain here until
the latter part of the week, in which
case an especial entertainment will be
prepared for him.
ami Is Entertained.
With Generals Funston and Hum
phreys He Inspects Fortifications
GEXERAL CHAFFEE SEES
FORTS YS THE NORTH
The heat was neither unpleasant nor
objectionable and business of all kind
was continued without interruption.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 25--- The mer
cury reached 100 degrees at 4 o'clock
this afternoon according to the ther
mometer.at the United States Weather
Bureau. , Shortly after that hour a
strong fouth wind arose and by 10
o'clock to-night the thermometer had
gone down to about 75 degrees. This
is next to the hottest day ever experi
enced in Portland, the highest recorded
temperature being 102 degrees in July.
1891.
Temperature Registers 100 Degrees
and Is Hottest Known in
Many Years.
MERCURY IN" PORTTiAXD
REACHES TOP N'OTCH
The committee was to have investi
gated and reported upon the charges
of J. G.° Smjthe that the cost of the
Fire Department stables has materi
ally increased under the present ad
ministration, but none of the Fire
«'ommissloners were present, although
they had been notified to attend the
meeting. Commissioner Parry was
also to have reported on the fire de
tail of the various theaters. The com
mittee was evidently displeased at the
failure of the Commissioners to com
ply with the notices, and ordered sub
penas to be issued citing them to
nppear next Monday.
Elevator Inspector Holman was giv
en until next Monday to file his re
port as to the sidewalk elevators that
have safety devices, as required by an
ordinance, and those that have not.
Y'mr committee recommends that the clerk
or this board be directed to notify the Fire
< v.mmis!>lcners. and the bidder to whom the
contract was awarded for shoeing the horses
of the Fire Department, that demands pre
wnted to this board for such work will not
li» are>roved.
In the judgment of the committee the spec
ifications upon which the bidders were invited
to submit i^ropotals were euch that fair and
ciTri>e:itlv> bids could not be received; there-
Tour committee doe* not favor the private
tcmUT <lo the work Itself.
In the matter of the award of contract re
ceOOj a»ardt-<l by the Kire Commissioners for
shoeing the horses of the Kire Department:
Your committee- believes this work should
h* done by the city and not given to private
I*>rs<ns for lirofit. It has not been shown to
ycur committee that this work has been ln
a<1<vjumrly done by the city in the pant.
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors yesterday presented a
report to the board at its meeting
strongly disapproving of the action of
the Fire Commissioners in awarding
a contract to Edward Graney for shoe
ing the horses of the Fire Department
at $2.50 each, when the work has been
heretofore performed by day labor for
$1 TTVs. Expert Cvril Williams was
directed to examine the books of the
Fire Department for the purpose of
ascertaining the exact amount which
it costs to fhoe the horses when the
work is done by the city. The report
of the committee follows:
. On behalf of insane widow of
Henry Voprman a suit was begun yes
terday in the Superior Court which
may involve the distribution of his
$600,000 estate or may be only a pro
ceeding to quiet title to the property
which falls to his seven heirs. \ John
R. Altken was appointed guardian of
Mrs. Mary A. Voorman, and his ap
pointment and the suit were filed to-'
gether. The 'fact that Mrs. Voorman
owned valuable property before she
became Voorman's wife.^ind that an
adjustment of the rights and titles haa
never been had, affords speculation as
to the purpose of the latest proceeding
in the case. Annie Laura Voorman
and the six other heirs are named as
defendants. .
Since 1875 Mrs. Voorman has" been
in the insane asylum at Stockton. The
contentions of her guardian, probably
made in the interests of some of her
lawful heirs, will have a significant
bearing upon the distribution of the
estate.. It is alleged that when Voor
man married his wife in 1858, she was
the owner of the property at the cor
ner of Jackson street and Sullivan al
ley. He acted as her agent and made
no accounting.
It Is averred that on June 24,- 1S6&,
he had $21,000 in his possession that
belonged to 'his'- wife, and with ft pur
chased from W. F. Swasey a property
at Bush and Mason streets. He took
the conveyance in his own name and
in his last will he did not specifically
devise- this property to the heirs, who
are made defendants in the present
suit.
It is further alleged that in January,
1877, Voorman held $30,000 collected in
rents from his wife's property and con
verted by him to his own use and that
in January, "1883, in "consideration " of
the rents so collected, he sold the Bush
and Mason streets property to his in
sane wife. It is asked that the court
declare that he held the title to the
property in trust for her and that her
title thereto be declared complete.
States.
De Young, who has just returned
from a trip to Europe, expressed con
fidence that the Pacific States would
register their elecoral votes for Roose
velt and Fairbanks.
"Our people are wonderfully pros
perous," he said, "and they want no
change."
De Young will leave for San Fran
cisco the latter part of the week.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., July 25. — In
cluded among the callers on President
Roosevelt to-day was M. H. de Young
of San Francisco. De Young discussed
with the President the general pofit
ical situation and particularly that of
California and other Pacific Coast
Roosevelt.
M. II. de Young of This City Calls on
VISITS THE PRESIDENT.
GALVESTON, Texas, July 25.— In ac
cepting the nomination for Congress
to succeed himself from an East Texas
district on Saturday, Hon. Morris
Sheppard delivered a speech which haa
been generally commented upon in the
State to-day. During his address
Sheppard said that Mr. Roosevelt was
best described in chapter 13 of the Book
of Revelation. He referred especially
to verse 5, -which states that "the beast
would be given power forty and two
months." He showed that Mr. Mc-
Kinley died about six months after his
second inauguration and that this left
Mr. Roosevelt just forty and two
months to serve, the time given the
beast In the mystic vision of John on
Patmos.
rvsui/rs the president.
Democratic Congressman Refers to
Nation's Chief us a Beast.
Suit to Declare Trust in
Wife's Favor for Property
Bought With Her Funds
Commissioners Subpenaed
to Attend a Meeting of
the Finance Committee
COST WILL BE HIGHER
Both sides seem to have centered
upon this town as the chief battle place
of the county. There will be ninety
three delegates in the convention, this
place furnishing seventeen. The Ox
narders expect to come across the river
from the towns of Oxnard, El Rio and
Hueneme with enough votes to control,
providing they can carry this town, so
their every energy will be bent upon
getting the Ventura delegation.
There are whispers of money on both
sides heard on the streets. The Bard
leader in the county, W. L. Lewis, says
that Bard will get every delegate in
this town and most of the country del
egates, conceding Oxnard no full dele
gation anywhere excepting in the town
of Oxnard. where there is no Bard tick
et. The Bard people say that they will
by two-thirds control t,he convention,
which will take place next Saturday.
The consensus of opinion among the
best judges in this county is that Sen
ator Bard will carry it by a substan
tial majority.
Colonel D. T. Perkins, who is Senator
Bard's candidate for the Assembly, has
been in town all day lining up his forces
and getting his workers in shape for
the battle to-morrow. Late this even
ing Oxnard himself arrived on the
scene, and. with his chief lieutenant,
Assistant Attorney General Daly, and
his local' helpers has been as busy as a
bee in putting his forces in shape.
VENTURA, July 25.— On the eve of
the great Bard-Oxnard fight for su
premacy in this county, the primaries
to be held in this county to-morrow
afternoon are looked forward to with
the utmost interest, and suppressed but
intense excitement prevails among all
classes to-night.
Both the Bard and Oxnard people re
gard this storm center as their hope
for the future and the "battle-ground
which will decide the Senatorship, and
both are bending every effort to carry
the election.
society. The membership of the po
litical, but non-partisan, organization
consists of labor leaders in this city,
nearly every one of whom is a dele
gate to the Central Labor Union. The
name of the body is "Labor Lyceum
and Bureau of Information."
TITLES GREATLY-MIXED
Supervisors Disapprove of
Award of Contract for the
Shoeing of City's Horses
Guardian of Insane Widow
of Henry Voorinan Tells
How Her Wealth Was Used
Aspirants for the Toga Will Struggle for/Su
premacy in the Senator's Home County
With Chances Favoring the Incumbent
TAKE THE FIRE
BOARD TO TASK
FAMILY GHOSTS
ARE EXHIBITED
BARD AND OXNARD READY
FOR BATTLE IN VENTURA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY) JULY 2G; 1004
DcatlT of a Spokane Clergyman.'
¦ NEW. YORK, July 25.— Rev. } Robert
Perlne, dean of AH Saints' .Cathedral,
Spokane, Wash., is dead at , 'the house
of his niece, Mrs. A. Atwood Woodruff,
In Newark, agred 41 years.
4
[V
The general appreciation of pure oolor in house-furnish-
ing has led us to import from England three supsrh \
grades of plain carpets known as . .
ANGORA, SAXONIA
AND CORONA.
They are rioh in color effect' and come in>various
widths up to 12 feet, requiring but few seams in the
floor covering.
We control ike American supply of these carpels*
W.&J. SLOAN E&.CQ
•FUKNITUKE-CARPETS i RUGS • DRAPERIES*
114r--l£ : g POST ST.,S.F S
- . ADVERTISEMENTS^
STATEMENT onto baw i_«« STATEMENT
-of the- STATEMENT ~ CT THE -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS -or THE- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
-OF THE- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS TT A ITATrnn nw-nr- _-
i-p h pn nnH Munich Firs "° F HANOVER FIRE"
Aacnen aim wiumcii rue . - » . . - insurance company
INSURANCE COMPANY ™ WI flllU mumwi rilC C-ysw"-^ » ™» "«* «¦
O F AIX LA CHAPEIXE. GERMANY. INSURANCE COMPANY fc^»'S_ e . t^ 1 _S_J5S
U on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1!WI. of the State of California pur.uaT u, thl
and for the year ending on that day. as made f\F AIX LA CHAPELLE. GERMANY OK provisions of Sections 610 and nil of th« TV.
densed as per blank furnished by the Commls- the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Amount . - , of I At *-
Blcner: I California, pursuant to the provisions of S#c- iXh Capital Stock, paid up
CAPITAL. J tlons CIO and 611 of the Political Code, con- 1'aumvl U.000.000 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ,,,„__.. densed as per blank furnished by the Commie- t,,., --.,,. „ . * SsETS.
In Cash $450.00000 Blop , r: f i**l. E !, t * % °", ned b J Company. .. $692,983 St
. H ™~q m% . *r° an " on E on<ls and Mortgages.. 3 50U 00
ASSETS. „„„„,-„ ASSETS. Cash Market Value of all Stock*
Real Estate owned by Company... J.°53.218«> C ath Market Valu« of all Stocks ">d Bonds owned by Company.. 2,730*44 75
c1 5 h n8 Mar^ d Va1ue rt a«ocki W4 °°^ e^Xr^oS COmPany " 2 '" Z^TtMZ.
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 2.322.015 « Cash in Company s Office 215 2S interest due and accrued on all
Cash in Company's Office 10.718 23 Cash in Banks 123.266 60 Stocks and Loans "o 2>a -i
Cash in Banks... 424.05S 01 Premiums In due Course of Collec> Interest du« and accrued on Bonds " *
Interest due and aqcrued on Bonds, .„_,,„ tlon ifin74n«r» an<J llortgaires 14 . B
PrS^n^eSVofboUec: "'™ " »«H «« vaM.not X^^ a *' WSr^SS 400^
tlon... 904.40047 for Fire and Marln. Risks 1,273 83 Rents du« and aceroed 400.S..S ,3
¦„¦¦.,„ Due from other Companies VoV Re!
Total Assets ib.7J5.38* ~i Total Assets $1,127,132 81 Insurance on losses already paid. 13 883 it
LIABILITIES. LIABILITIES. ~ Total AsseU ....$4,104.110 07
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... 1 Losses »d Justed and unpaid....'.... $9.788 07 irimTTTnro =====
_W_i?J_»:»iJSSf mrp t"L P r° fAaiUSlmCTtOr «„„ adjusted "fu^JS:.... . TO819M
Losses resisted including expenses ) - • «n Subpense 63.823 84 Lows in process of Adjustment •
Gross premiums on Flre Risks • Losses resisted/Including expenses. 7,209 72 or tn Suspense. ;,.- 1992113V
running one year or less ' and Grow Prfmlumn on Flre R!«ks run- Losses resisted. Including expenses. _»23S «
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 1.212 50 reinsurance 50- per cent... 346.903 88 108 11: reinsurance- 50 per cent. .$1,037 053 c»
Return Premiums and Reinsurance Crc?a Premiums on Flre Risks run- Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Prerolums unpaid 217.159 93 ninic more than one year. $462.- n'ng more . than one year. $1,-
Pension Fund and Public Utility ;i^"__ 162S9; reinsurance pro rata 260.874 19 RS1.C236X; reinsurance pro rata. . 1.036.20633
Fund and all other liabilities.... 452.009 09 Cora . li?s , ons and Brokerw dne C omml g 10 "^^ »«»«««• *™ „
Total Liabilities $3,496.834 48 and to become due 88.973 90 All other Liabilities. HI.'H."!;!!." 10 156^4
= ¦ - All other liabilities 17030 -
INCOME. Total LUbilltle, J2.473.S82 33
Net cash actually receives for Flre Total Liabilities .$_ 7S3.743 70 !XC0ME =====-=
bSI' interest' BondVf 2 '° 95 ; 32960 INCOME. " K g-jS_,V tB * Uy elVCd f« nw rM . m M
r, an< ? Or J Eaff ?^;;;»V * Vni " W.vV I 1«» ?¦>* « Net CaSh actua "y '«ce«v«a for Fire . Received for' iniereVt on "Bonds' 918 - 137 **
Received for Interest and divi-^ 163.735 56 premiums $881.845 57 Mortgages t 75 M
U fr^m niher «ouVcm ; Received for Interest and dividends Recelv.d for interest and dividends
Received Tor *n$E..™™ .'.V. 25 815 £6 "n Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and °n Bonds Stock,. Loana. and
wZ 1 ;:? Zn rZslon \ni '&Wc * 5>815 £<J from all other sources 29.60930 R / c Xd Jor Reatr'"' SSSH
Utility Fund. 14,663 93 Received from Home Office 5.485 00 ReceU - d ' or Reat * 29-083 U
Total income. .J3.X99.544 05 lneome _ $ 916.939 87 ™" --^^.703 3 7
EXPEVDITCRFS ' ' " — I EXPEXDTTURES.
Net amount paid for Fir, Lo»e/. $1,436,431 44 ' EXPENDITURES. * Onc.udTn", $2 a «.37S r 84 Flr r o « I e,"Tf
Dividends to Stockholders.. .... 374,35000 Net amount paid for FJre Losses . previous years)... '. six^rati-t
Paid or allowed for Commission, or . (Including $rt».673 7.1. losses cf Dividends to Stockholders in.>'ftrft on
BrokeraKe .,: 515.669 65 previous i years).... y. $487,052 M Paid or allowed for Commission "or 1Wl0WTO
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other Paid or allowed for Ccanmiwlon or Brokerage ' or .— <—, „
charges for officers,- clerks, etc. 328,024 63 Brok-rnica 183.849 67 Paid fo- Salaries Fe'eV'aVii'Ath^ '"•• O1 - °°
Paid for State. National, and I-ocal Paid for Salary. Fees and other £ cnarKe9 f0P officers cierS "o "14 044 27
taxes . . ." 20.959 03 charges for officers, clerk^ etc. . 80.094 64 Pail for State. National and LoWl
All other ¦ payments and expendl- Paid for State. National, and Local taxes -°cai _
'l««» "O- 32871 .^l"""^:;;;--.^"';;;;^-,' 23 - 91S2 ° AH t>ther payment; and' e'xpendi: 10 - at l9
. — - — All other payments and expendl- tures . »m »e--> ««
Total Expenditure* $2.794,681 '48 tures .*,. 70.10320 ________
~ Flre .' \ Total Expenditure. $ S26.5CS 27 E^ enditu «« ' .J2.4«9.387 03
LOSSES Incurred during the year^l.SSS.Soe 79 =_____=_ . jq^
Risks and Premium,, W«" Risks. Premiums losses .ncurred during the year...,^ 'oi6 79 LOSSES ln^^ d during the year. .$1.31 A 8l»4O
TJeTTmount of RUks ,' [ - . J Sisk 8 and Premiums. Fl« Risks. pTe^iu^T * Premtama Ftr * Rlaka -
written during the • ¦ . .. — ¦ ¦«- _________ Net amount of Risks '
year ............. $2,801,187,619 $5.414.121 52 Net amount or Risks . written during the
Net amount of Risks - . written during the year $435,670 839 60 $4 233. 743 83
Expired during the ¦„„„,- _,-._.„ y ear $88,322,058 $1,210.24606 N«t amount of Risks
year ............... 2.635.351.140 5.154.670 97 Net amount of Risks expired during the
Net amount In force expired during the year .. 35A.414 "74 49 3 549 0*3 73
December 31. 1903. 1,623.103.430 3.060.266 85 year T2.W1.1T8 1.048.200 94 *lt mmiiln ilZi '
~ ROBERT VON^RSCHEN~PVesldent. N &S«V 3? SwP' 8S 103 841 n« m55 December 31. 1903 405.070.974 9413.955.129 72
•FRITZ SCHRODER. General Manager. __gg°»»er 3^ **»J_ 88.103.843 1,158.070 23 CHARLES A SHAW Prwident.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. tnU 12th J A. KELSET. United States Manager. JOSEPH McCORD. Secretary
day of April. WW, . nB ,, M n,^ Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 19th Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23t»
FRANKLIN BRUMDAGE. day of January. 1904. .- . . . «ay of January. 1904. C. F. SHAW.
U. S. Consul at Alx la Cbapelle. Germany. c. M. DOUGHTT. Notary Public Commissioner of Deeds la New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT... .423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MARTiK kasch-n. I ' " CESAR BERTHEAU. Manazcr. \
ovs mbssiwoer. I City Asrwi "- ALFRED R.~QRIM, Assistant Mana_er.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I $17.50 and $20 Tailor-made Suits ... $ 1 0.00 • |Ps
M evening, still marking down more goods, and /^» |J
n there will be bargains enough for all of you. All ' -* I
H of the $40,000 Friedman sto<ik will be sold. §\
fiTTi rn BCM- _En_I .__f __tt6K&JB8'"' ¦- _^SSoE^^^^^ _________¦The Labor Council committee hav
ing charge of the arrangements for
Labor Day has decided, In view, of the
fact that only twenty-two of. the 148
unions in San Francisco voted in favor
of a street parade, to • drop the street
parade and hold the literary exercises
In the afternoon. This decision does
not.*, apply ; to 1 the, members . affiliated
with the Building Trades Council,
which will march to the ferry on the
.way to • t Jrc picnic grounds.
No Street Parade on Labor Day.
HONOLULU, July 19.— Deaths re
ported in Hawaii for the month r of
June more than doubled the number
of births, the former being recorded
as 70 and the births as 33. Statistics
of the Health Board show that of the
70 deaths 47 were males and 23 fe
males. There were 28 Hawaiians, 7
Chinese, 11' Portuguese, 13 Japanese,
3 from Great Britain, 6 Americans
and 2 of other nationalities not re
corded. Consumption carried off far
more people than any other disease.
Statistics of Health Board Show That
Consumption Is Most Prevalent
Fatal Disease in Territory.
TWICE AS MANY DEATHS
AS BIRTHS IN HAWAII
At the matinee" to be given . by the
students of the, Paul Gerson School of
Acting at the Alcazar Theater this af
ternoon two 'one-act plays new to this
city j will be given". The first, "The
Prairie' Judgment," was written by
Martin V. Merle, . the young Santa
Clara College student who staged the
Passion play last . season., at "Santa
Clara, and which . critics declared was
a wonderful representation. It Is Mr.
Merle's first attempt at play writing
and if the r public takes kindly to his
first offering he intends to undertake
something on a, more ambitious scale.
Another one-act play Is by Sudernian
and Is a story of German military
life entitled ' "Frltzchen." It is crowd
ed with intense situations and is writ
ten inthe great author's best vein. - A
pretty little one-act Southern play,
which has not been seen in this city
for years, is "Marse Van."
Matinee by Gerson's Students.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 25.— It is
reported Japanese officials protested to
the Russian Government against viola
tions of the rules ot war on eleven
counts, namely: Several Russian bat
talions hoisting the white flag at the
battle of Vafangow and Inducing the
Japanese to cease firing, abuse of the
Red Cross flag, stabbing, shooting and
mutilating the wounded, " etc., as con
tained in General Qku's report, already
published. -
Japan's Protest Against Russian .Vio
la tiojts of the Rules s of Wa^.
BARBARISM IS ALLEGED.
MARYSVILLE, July 24.— Map-svllle
Is in carnival attire again and throngs
of visitors line the streets in all di
rections. Stores and buildings are
decorated with bunting and flags and
thousands of electric lights make
beautiful the busy scene by night.
Everything was in readiness this even
ing when the crowning of Miss Lela
McWilliams as queen marked the
opening of a week of pleasure and.
mirth. The carnival this year is held
under the auspices of the Women's
Civic Improvement Club and the open
ing to-night augured well for a most
successful week. On Tuesday the Elks
will hold forth and on Thursday the
Eagles have arranged to break all rec
ords. Wednesday will witness the
floral parade and Saturday * will . be
given over to King Folly.
Fete Opens Under Auspicious Circurii
stanccs and the City Is Pret
tily Decorated.
MARYS VILLE SURRENDERS
TO OLD KING CARNIVAL
UNITARIAN CLUB WILL
ENTERTAIN VISITORS
Tivoli.
"Robin Hood," with Its splendid ag
gregation of singers and comedians,
began its sixth and last week at the
Tivoli last night. An enthusiastic audi
ence was present and recalls were the
order of the evening.
Fischer's.
"A Lucky Stone," at Fischer's, en
tered its third week last night. The
usual big houses throughout the week
are confidently expected.
Alcazar.
"Rupert of. Hentzau" was produced
last night by the Alcazar stock- com
pany, but hardly with the success that
attended its predecessor, "The Pris
oner of Zenda," of which it Is the sequel.
It lacks the thrilling climaxes and
clever lines of the latter piece, although
the capable members of the' company
struggled In valiant fashion with what
material they had to work on. White
Whittlesey was not at his best in the
dual role, of Rassendyll and King Ru
dolph, the quick changes from one
character to another being the clever
est thing about the impersonations.
Whittlesey was not letter perfect in
his lines/ a defect shared by several
of - the company. All' this will be
remedied now "that the players are
familiar with the situations, and a
smoother, performance will undoubtedly
be" the result to-night. There is much
to interest in the piece and great praise
is certainly due to the efforts of Fred
Butler,' Luke Conness, who plays pie
title role; Richard Vivian, Stanley
Johns, Harry Byers, Marie Howe and
Oza Waldrop for their painstaking ef
forts. 'Juliet Crosby acted the part of
the Queen with her usual -charm and
Intelligence.
Chutes.
"Mike," Foster's dog, a diminutive
canine that does about everything but
talk, gave his Initial bark at the
Chutes yesterday and made a great hit
at both performances. Derenda and
Green, agile and amusing club jug
glers, and John J. Scully and- Blanche
Phelps, who presented a comedy skit
entitled "The Irish Author," were also
new and won the approbation of their
audience. Belle and Lotta Tobln, the
Instrumentalists; Emma Cotrely and
Antonio Van Gof re, the strong couple:
Hershal Stein, the barytone singer of
illustrated songs, and the animato
scope, showing many Interesting
scenes on board of Japanese men of
war, completed a capital programme.
The amateurs will appear on Thurs
day night.
Eminent Scholars Who Are at Univer
sity for Summer Session WIU
Be Guests.
The next meeting of the Unitarian
1 Club will be held at the Palace Hotel
on the evening of August 1. when a
reception and dinner will be given to
the eminent scholars who have come
to this State to join the university
faculty during the summen session at
Berkeley. A number of the eminent
guests will address the club, speaking
of their life work, different phases of
scientific research, alma, and ideals In
American universities and' kindred
topics.
The visiting professors are: Hugh
de Vries, University of Amsterdam;
Savante August Arrhenius, University
of Stockholm; James Ward. University
of Cambridge; Reginald Aldworth
Daly, geologist for Canada In the In
ternational Boundary Commission:
Frederick Jackson Turner, University
of Wisconsin; Francis Barton Gum
mere, HaverfoTd College; Morris Hlcky
Morgan, Harvard University; Albert
Augustus Stanley, University of Mich
igan; Frank Morton McMurry. Colum
bia University; Hammond Lament,
editor of -the New York Evening Post;
A. C. Coolidge, Harvard University;
Charles Hall Grandgent, Harvard Unl
¦rerslty; Edward C Armstrong, Johns
Ilopkins University, and Fonger do
Haah^Bryn Mawr College.
Tickets may be procured of James J.
Fagan at the American National Bank,
Mills building.
CHICOPEE -FALLS. Mass.. July 24,— Ta«
Chlcopee Manufacturing Company will thlM
week lay off between 600 and 800 hands owtas
to tba condition of tho cottoa business.
INSANE MAN BITES.— Louis Salinas, an
Insane patient cenflned In the Detention Hospi
tal for the Insane at the City Hall, made a
desperate and almost successful attempt to es
cape last evening. He bit the steward, who
prevented htm accomplishing: his purpose.
Salinas has been in » the hospital for several
day9 suffering: from a mental disorder that
was manifested by an inordinate craving; for
milk. 'He was not regarded as particularly
dangerous and therefore was not strapped to
his -cot. Steward Mandvllle In making: his
rounds went to the room occupied by Salinas.
As he opened, the door the demented man
sprang on him and sank his teeth deeply into
Mandvllle's neck. Salinas fought his way
toward the door. ¦ The arrival of other attend
ants and two officers prevented the crazy
man ! escaping or shedding more blood. He
was placed In a. straltjacket and will be sent
v to an asylum to-day.
Central.
* Scott . Marble's highly sensational
dr^ma, "The Gates of Justice," crowd
ed the Central Theater last night and
pleased the house with Its succession of
thrilling incidents. - The climax brought
great applause and a half-dozen cur
tain;.calls. This scene; Illustrates an
attempt to murder the superintendent
of a mine by hurling him down a chute
leading to the coal crusher— a tremen
dous machine with large cylinders pro
vided with huge teeth. To fall into
these metallic jaws means instant
destruction. sThe audience is roused to
the; highest ""enthusiasm by the heroism
of a girl who saves the Intended victim
from a frightful fate In the , nick of
time. Herschel Mayall and Eugenie
Thais. Lawton do excellent work in the
heroic roles.
The play served to introduce the Cen
tral'siV new soubrette, Verne " Castro,
who Is a handsome brunette. . She cre
ated ai fine Impression. Ernest How
ell, made, a hit- in, a negro character.
Elmer Booth performed a good humor
ous . stunt. Lawrence Griffith - made a
creditable villain, and George P. Web-
COOK ESTATK APPRAISED.— The apprais
ers of the estate of John. Jay Cook yesterday
reported to the court that it was worth.$35
505 63 The • chief asset Is 2562 shares In the
Yos . e ,? l^ SUse " d Turnpike company, valued
ster, George Nlcholls and Lloyd Ed
wards contributed well to the success
of the piece. Edna Ellsmere gave a
strong impersonation of a heartless ad
venturess, and Julia Blanc, who made
the best of a small part; received sev
eral encores for a vocal specialty. The
play has all the elements of a popular
melodrama and there Is not a dull mo
ment in it.
SACRAMENTO, July 25.— Rufus P.
Jennings and J. E. Faris of the ex
ecutive committee of the , River Im
provement and Drainage Association
appeared before the auditing board of
the State Commission of Public Works
this afternoon and recommended the
employment of the following consult
ing engineers to devise a compre
hensive plan for Improving the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers: Major
T. G. Dabney, Clarksville, Miss.; H.
M. Chittenden, Sioux City, la.; Henry
Brown Richardson, chief engineer of
the State of Louisiana, New Orleans.!
Jennings explained that the recom
mendation was made In accordance
with a resolution adopted at the river
convention in San Francisco in May of
the present year. The auditing board
passed a resolution approving the
selection and fixing the compensation
at $1000 per month for each engineer
during the period of his service, which,
it Is expected, will be five months. "It
developed that rjot more than half of
the engineers in the United States who
were written to responded.
Governor Pardee, prior to his depart
ure for St. Louis, approved the em
ployment of three engineers residing
outside the State at an expense not to
exceed $15,000 to be paid by the State.
The three engineers will be supple
mented , by two engineers selected in
this State, who will doubtless be Major
W. H. Heuer. the Government engineer
in charge of the! California rivers, and
M. A. Nurse, engineer to the Commis
sion of Public Works. The engineers
will be requested to report plans "in
time to permit appropriation bills to be
prepared for presentation at the-. next
session of the Legislature. The en
gineers will be expected to provide
plans for caring for the annual flood
waters and improving navigation on
the two great waterways. -, I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
State Bpard of Works Ap
proves Employment of En
gineers Outside of State
When his son, Edgar G. Haight,
came home late last night he at once
called in the Coroner. The deceased
was a pattern-maker and had been
employed for many years by the W. T.
Garratt Company. He lived for forty
five years In the house in which he
died. • ' ; y::r'X:
committed suicide yesterday afternoon
at his residence, 703 Leavenworth
street.- He had long been ill with
rheumatism in his arms and this made
him somewhat' despondent. He went
out for a walk and when he returned
took his accustomed sea<%by the win
dow and at once went into an uncon
scious state. His aged wife did all she
could to bring him to life, but it was
In vain. On searching his pockets
she discovered an empty bottle that
had contained carbolic acid. This ex
plained the cause of Halght's sudden
death. i 7
Harrison Haight, aged 77 years,
In Fit of Despondency Harrison
Haight Puts an End to
Sufferings. v
From Los Angeles — W. D. Curtis
and wife, at the Holland; A. H. Ninn.
at the St. George; H. C. Harrison, at
the Victoria; Mrs. H. C. Harrison, at
the Victoria; K. R. Herwlck and Mrs.
E. R. Herwick, at the St. George; H.
G. Rhodes, at the Metropolitan; G. W.
Whitney, at the Albert; Mrs. G. W.
Whitney, at the Albert; W. Zeigler, at
the St. George.
NEW YORK. July 25. — The follow
ing Californlans are in New York:
From San Francisco — H. Ardleigh, at
the Continental; J. Y. Barber, at the
Ashland; J. G. Dorward. at the Astor;
Mips B. Dunn, at the St. Denis; J. S.
Dunnigan, at the Hoffman; F. Fetti
Jr.. at the Broadway Central; Mrs. K.
S. Howard, at the New Amsterdam;
H. S. Hove, at the Ashland; K. Krons
ley. at the Cadillac; C. M. Krieger, at
the Imperial; H. L. Pasch, at the
Orand; H. Walden and wife, at the
Holland; C. S. Wheeler, at the Her
ald Square.
Californlans in New York.
WILL IMPROVE
THE WATERWAYS
AGED PATTERN-MAKER
TAKES CARBOLIC ACID
The locomotive struck the front of
the electric car, throwing it a dis
tance of twenty feet to one side, its di
rection being almost reversed. The
train was stopped within a few yards
of Washington street and the crew as
sisted in clearing the wreckage and
caring for the injured.
The seriously 'Injured: Mamie Ot-
T.ell, 24 years old; Helen Mendenhall,
aged 5.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 25. — Two per
sons were killed and several injured In
a collision between a sd'uthbound Big
Four passenger train and a westbound
Frospect-Blake electric car at Wash
ington and Missouri streets to-night.
The dead:
SAMUEL ROMANS, about 50 years
old.
MRS. WILLIAM J. HARRIS,
colored, 40 years old.
Locomotive Strikes an Indianapolis
Electric Car, Throwing: It a Dis
tance of Twenty Feet.
TWO KILLED AND SEVERAL
INJURED IN COLLISION
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. July 25.— Despite the
fact that Congress passed a measure
authorizing the President to restore
Lieutenant Richard H. Townley. re
tired, to the active list of the navy, the
department has decided to take no ac
tion in the matter because of the scan
dul in which the lieutenant became In
volved In the Philippines. This decision
on the part of the department leaves
Lieutenant Townley in his original po
sition on the retired list, though when
tried by court-martial for the Philip
pine scandal he was convicted and sen
tenced to be dismissed from the navy.
Lieutenant Townley was received for
active duty In the navy during; the
Spanish war on his own application,
and was sent to ¦' Manila for duty In
connection with the purchase of sup
plies for the navy. While so engaged
he became Involved In the scandal In
the office of Major George B. Davis.
commissary.
It is alleged that Lieutenant Townley
suggested to certain contractors having
business with the Government that
they contribute $2000 to make up a
shortage of that amount in Major Da
vis* accounts. Lieutenant Townley
was tried by a court-martial for scan
dalous conduct. Five of the seven mem
bers of the court joined In recommend
ing for clemency on thfe ground that
"the motives governing: the action of
the accused in this matter were be
lieved by them to be due to a mistaken
or quixotic Idea of kindness, and were
free from intent to defraud any one."
The case has been pending before tha
department ever since, and sentence
has never been executed. The decision
of the department, just announced, to
take no further action in this case baa
the effect practically of nullifying: the
act of Congress and also the sentence
of dismissal imposed by the court
martial, and leaves Lieutenant Town
ley In his former status as lieutenant
(junior grade) on the retired list.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
of "Westchester County.
Mortality's defense is an alibi. He
says he was at home when the five
rifle bullets were fired at Dunn or his
wife, whichever of the two they were
intended for, and that he knows noth
ing at all about the shooting.
The complaint against Moriarity al
leges that he shot at Dunn with a
rifle, firing at least five bullets. It is
said that the Assistant District Attor
ney, who has the case in charge, is In
possession of evidence which he is not
yet ready to make public, but which,
when known, will astonish all this part
MOUNT KISCO. N. Y.. July 25.— Shot
at five times with a rifle in the hands
of an ambushed assassin, William
Dunn, caretaker of the Theodore B.
Willis property, narrowly escaped
death when seated on the porch of the
house with his wife. Whether the
would-be murderer had a grievance
against Dunn, or the ambushing was a
continuation of the causeless attacks
on life and property which began
about eighteen months ago is not
known. As a result of the attack, John
Moriarity, son of a well-to-do farmer,
is under $1500 bail charged with as
sault in the first degree.
Attempted -Killing May
Be Continuation of Mys
terious Causeless Attacks
Lieutenant R. H. Townley
Pays Penalty of Indiscre
tion in Philippine Islands
FIGURES IN SCANDAL
FARMER'S SON ACCUSED
In Spite of Measure Passed
Navy Department Will Not
Restore Eetired Officer
New York Man the Target
for Five Shots Fired by
Unknown From Ambiish
WILL IGNORE
CONGRESS' ACT
OWES HIS LIFE
TO POOR AIM
Lieutenant Commander C. A. «Carr
and Lieutenant R. E. Carney, U. S. N..
arrived here yesterday and are regis
tered at the Occidental.
Duncan B. Harrison, the well known
playwright and former manager of
Pugilist John L. Sullivan, arrived from
the East yesterday and is registered
at the Occidental.
Robert Lewers. a capitalist of Hono
lulu, arrived from the islands on' the
Ft^amship China yesterday and is at
th« Occidental. •
J. B. Farrish, the well-known mining
engineer of Denver, is staying at the
Bt. Francis.
Harry E. Arnhold, one of the leading
merchants of Hongkong, arrived from
the Orient yesterday and is at the St.
Francis.
Rabbi Bernard M. Kaplan of Sacra
mento is visiting this city and .stay
ing at the Occidental.
Walter 'S. Melick, secretary of the
Ftate Board of Examiners, is In San
Francisco on official business.
Dr. J. E. Parker and Dr. J. Tyler
Parker .of Pasadena are registered at
the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. H. W. Fenner of Tuc
ecn are among the latest arrivals at
the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Bernays of St. Louis is at the
Palace.
Robert G. Barton, manager of the
Fresno Theater, is at the California.
Justice Boss! of Quebec, who is mak
ing a tour of the world, is at the Pal
&ce.
Rev. T. C. Winn, a missionary from
Osaka, is at the Occidental.
W. B. Clapp of the United S*atea
Geodetic Survey arrived at the Grand
yesterday.
H. N. Anderson, a lumberman of
Aberdeen, Wash., and his wife are at
the Palace.
NEW YORK. July 25.— The plants
of Schwarzschild & Sulzberger and the
United Dressed "¦ Beef Company were
in operation to-day with full, forces of
union men, all the strikers having re
ported for work. -Business ;\ Agent
Masterson of the local union says. If
orders are received from Chicago the
men will go out.
'. _ — : . — +
of Union Men.
New York Packers Work Full Forces
PLANTS IX OPERATION.
KANSAS CITY, July 25. — "The
strike situation looks very bright at
the present time," said C. W. Armour
to-night. "President Donnelly or
dered certain members of the Allied
Trades to strike this morning at 7
o'clock and they refused to do it."
The word ordering out the members
of the Allied Trades Union in this city,
which was expected to come from
Chicago this morning, failed to come
and the men continued at work as
usual. It Is the apparent intention of
the local packing companies to adopt
the "open shop" policy, and they con
tend that they will have won the bat
tle against the unions when they shall
have secured a sufficient number of
non-union men to restore the normal
output of the various plants.
The strikers are strictly preserving
the orders of President Donnelly not
to create any disturbance and the.po
lice report that since the second walk
out they have not rnade a single ar
rest in the Armourdale district.
Kansas City Packers Will Continue to
Engage Non-Union Men.
"OPEN SHOP" TO PREVAIL.
According to the packers the general
strike to-day was a failure, it being
claimed by them that not more than
one-half the members of the allied
trades quit work when officially called
out by their leaders this morning. The
further statement was made by the
packers that should all the union men
decide,, to join the strikers it wonld
make little difference to the employers,
as they had sufficient resources to con-
Both sides to the controv/ersy de
clared to-night that they were per
fectly satisfied with the present state
of affairs and that they were willing
to make it a fight to a finish to de
termine who shall dictate the terms of
a settlement.
CHICAGO, July 25.— With all peace
negotiations broken off and with all the
allied trade unions employed at the
different plants, with the exception of
the teamsters , and the stationary en
gineers, out on strike in sympathy
with the butcher workmen ' who quit
work two weeks ago, the stockyards
strike to-night had settled down to
what promises to be one of the bitter
est fights between capital and labor in
the history of America.
As had been threatened for some time
the allied trades employed in the pack
ing industry quit work when called
upon to-day to assist the striking
butchers in their efforts to bring the
packers to terms. In several instances
the men did not await for the official
notification from their leaders to go on
strike, but threw down their tools and
quit work of their own volition. At
6 o'clock to-night the statement was
made by Michael Donnelly, president of
the Butchers' Union, that every union
man employed at the stockyards, with
the exception of the teamsters and en
gineers, had responded to orders for
a general sympathetic strike. The en
gineers, he declared, would join the
strikers to-morrow morning, and unless
there were a speedy settlement of the
difficulty, he said, the teamsters would
undoubtedly join their brother work
men in their struggle for supremacy.
According to Donnelly to-day's strike
swelled the number of men who have
quit work at the stock yards in Chi
cago alone to nearly 30,000.
MEANS FIGHT TO A FINISH.
made at the conference and the team
sters' committee retired to consider a
new proposal. \ , . \ y
Despite the sympathetic strike to
day all the plants worked up to the
regular time, although at a reduced
capacity. At Armour & Co.'s plant it
was claimed that 1880 hogs, 700 cat
tle and 200 sheep had been slaugh
tered during the day. At the other
six plants a corresponding amount of
work was accomplished and it was
predicted by all that by to-morrow
there would be a decided increase in
the number of animals slaughtered.
test the ground for an indefinite period.
On the other hand, the leaders of • the
laborers assert that all the employes at
the packing plants, together with sev
eral hundred employes at the Union
Stockyards, quit work to-day In
response to the general order for a
sympathetic strike.
A new phase of the strike situation
developed late this afternoon, when
notice was given by the unions to the
Independent packers at the stockyards
that their men would not be allowed to
handle animals which had been
brought into the yards or handled in
any way by non-union men. It Is
necessary for these independent con
cerns to take all of their livestock into
their yards over the Union Stockyards
runways, where stock must be handled
by non-union men, since the union
men employed by the stockyards com
pany in this line of work were among
the employes who joined the sympa
thetic strike to-day. The ultimatum of
the unions leaves . the independent
packers no alternative but to receive
their livestock directly from the
country or else close down business en
tirely. A meeting of the independent
packers was held to-night to map out
some plan of action, but no definite
conclusion was reached. Another meet
ing will be held to-morrow to further
discuss the matter. • .
LAST MOVE TOWARD PEACE.
Before peace negotiations had been
entirely broken off to-day representa
tives of the teamsters' union, as had
been agreed upon last night, were in
conference with packers in efforts to
arrange some sort of agreement which
would prevent the spread of the strike.
At this meeting the packers were
asked to concede that the first peace
agreement signed last Wednesday and
which was later- repudiated by the
strikers, when a second strike was
called, be considered null and void and
that the packers submit a new propo-j
sition for peace terms. The committee
also notified the packers that the
striking butchers would stand by^laet
Saturday's demand, which was that all
men be reinstated within ten days or
their cases be submitted to immediate
arbitration, all butchers and casing
men to be I taken back within forty
eight hours after work wan resumed.
No progress toward a settlement was
• The piece is beautifully staged and
there was evidence of ample enjoy
ment on the part of the audience.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Frederick Tiden is the lover and
has the unhappiness,to be a cad of
Mrs., Ryley's making. Mr. Tiden has
to throw carelessly away a letter writ
ten to him by an bid flame of his, in
order that her husband may find it.
But he is unconvincing as a lover,
stagey, unreal. He serves the cast,
however, by wearing some. handsome
uniforms handsomely. John Glen
dinning supports Mr. Miller in able
fashion, as his fiery old friend, Good
lake, and Walter Allen is clever as the
servant Peter.
Both Miss Heyer and Mrs. Fisher
partake of the rather preponderating
staginess in the cast, Miss Heyer as
Goodlake's wife and Mrs. Fisher as
Embury's housekeeper.
Miss Jennie Busley, who has the im
portant part of the ward Peggy, is a
young woman of considerable .charm.
She Is delightfully natural, arch, girl
ish, and is generally a piquant, small
person. I fancy Miss Busley was some
what nervous, .as the greater. freedom
of her later scenes would indicate. ¦ But
her performance was a very pleasur
able part of the whole. As the found
ling, one of a row of them brought to
Embury's rooms by the beadle and
matron for his choice, Miss Busley is
particularly engaging.
The cast' unquestionably has* some
thing to do with the case. One is un
accustomed to Mr. Miller "in renuncia
tory mood, to begin with. He gener*
ally speaks for himself, John, and all
the Columbia knows how he invariably
conquers. As Mark Embury Mr. Mil
ler steps into the cooler realm of mid
dle age. .Peggy, it is true, persuades
him to momentary forgetfulness of
graying hair and gathering years. But
only for a moment. He finds that his
ward is in love with his nephew, and
like the good, kind, thoughtful middle
aged uncle that he is, he steps aside in
favor of the young chap. Quite a John
Drew part, but not till now Mr. Mil
ler's kind of thing. Perhaps when the
newness has worn off 'twill come eas
ier, but 'tis rather incredible vet to
see the gallant Henry taking such
medicine. Time has, however, not
dulled the actor's love-making.
One wonders at Peggy's choice of the
Impersuasive lover of Mr. Tiden when
the Miller virtuosity is beside it. And
Mr. Miller is in excellent form. He
was welcomed with extravagant felici
tations by the audience, a large one in
spite of rival attractions of sea and
mountain. In his greeting speech Mr.
Miller replied with very genuine feeling.
New York gave a season and London
a year to "Mice and Men," introduced
here at x the Columbia last night by
Henry. Miller. Away from the pleasant
persuasion of Mr. Miller one rather
wonders at the record. Mrs. Ryley's
new comedy does not — as seen last
night— tempt to superlatives. Pleasant
enough it is, new enough, clever
enough. Its story is ingenious, its pe
riod picturesque, its people plausible
and well contrasted. Yet, in spite of
pretty scenes by the way, the play runs
somewhat heavily its appointed course.
The expected always happens. There
are effective situations, but one' spies
them round the corner. One knows
from the tirst that Embury's arcadian
plan of educating a wife for* himself —
he is not content with the wives that
mother used to make — must gang agley.
And so on. Yet 'tis a pretty story, cap
able of and deserving of subtler treat
ment.
The thirty-seven companies involved
in the strike operate eighty-one mills
with about three and a quarter million
spindles and a weekly product, when
running in full, of more than 900,000,000
yards of cloth. Practically every one
of the mills was shut down. There was
no disorder.
Both sides admit this is the begin
ning of one of the most determined con
tests which Fall River has ever seen.
The managers maintain they were com
pelled to reduce wages to save their
business, while the operatives say con
ditions affecting cotton manufacture
here did not warrant such a reduction.
FALL RIVER, Mass., July 25.— The
etrike order issued by the' Fall River
Textile Council, calling for upward . of
20,000 operatives to remain away from
the mills to-day . in protest against a
reduction of 12*£ per cent in wages, be
came effective to-day and the response
was as general as the labor leaders had
predicted.
CHICAGO, July '25. — Startling facts regarding the meat famine are revealed by a comparison of fig
ures showing the receipts of cattlo at the Chicago yards. Receipt* last week were 14,284; the average
weekly receipts of cattle in 4903 were 66,009; the falling off for the week was 51,725. The figures show
tlie awful cost or the strike to Western cattle raisers, now forced to h old\ cattle , because there is no mar
ket. With 51,725 fewer carcasses in storage than there should have been ait the end of the week, the famine
existing is revealed plainly, lierc are the figures: * .
Monday, July 18 3 ,978 Friday, July 22. .....;.......... - .3,638
Tuesday, July 19 973 Saturday, July 23. . . . ... .......... •••... • • 2,641
Wednesday, July 20 2,069 ' — - — —
Thursday, July 21 985 Total . 1\ ;. . .14,284
Record receipts for the stockyards, week ending September lt>/ 1891. 95.924.
COMEDY WELL STAGED
"Eiipert of Hentzau" Suc
ceeds "Prisoner of Zenda."
! Last Week of "Robin Hood"
Plants With a Weekly Out
put of Nine Hundred Mil
lion Yards of Cloth Are Idle
INDUSTRY IS TIED 'TIP
More Than Thirty Thousand
Cotton Operators Obey
the Order to Walk Out
Henry Miller and Miss Jen
nie Busby Warmly Wel
comed at the Columbia
"MICE AMD MEM"
A CLEVER PLAY
FALL RIVER'S
MILLS CLOSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1904.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Allied Stockyards Craft, With the^ Exception of the Teamsters and
/Engineers, Walk Out in Sympathy With Donnelly's Men and
Final Peace Movement Ends in Declaration of War to a Finish
GREAT MEAT FAMINE IS INEVITABLE
AS A RESULT OF BUTCHERS' STRIKE
FEDERAL APPOINTMENTS.— Fred - A
Denhard^vas appointed laborer In the Postof
flce yesterday. Annie B. L. Mosher has been
appointed stenographer Jn the Chinese Bureau
Her name was taken from the civil service
eUsible list, - " Ptrvu *
/TO GUARfo. CHINESE GIRU— Maria D
Wheeler, acting superintendent of the Presby
terian Mission Home for Chinese Girls asked
the Superior Court to appoint her aa guardian
of Ah Moy, an Inmate of the home, • 5 years
old.: Permission : for - the - appointment - was
signed by the child's mother. Sue Lon who is
Also an Inmate of the Mission,
Ye Olde Enslish Inn,
144 Mason st. Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules*. •
5
lunted in offering to pay $500 in legal
•v.or.cy of the United States, for any case
cf I^scorrhea, Female Weakness, Pralap-
« r.'., or Falling: of Womb, which they can-
not cure. All they ask is a fair and rea-
sonable trial of their means of cure.
A. great deal of sickness may be saved by
keeping on hand a copr of Dr. Pierce's
thousand-pa^e illustrated book, "The Com-
mon Sense Medical Adviser." Sent free,
pa.r>er - bound, '. for twenty -one one - cent
stamps, to pay cost of mailing only; or cloth-
bound for thirty -one stamps. Address,
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
Constipation and a bilious attack fro hand-
in-hand. Dr. Picrce's Pleasant Pellets are
a sure and speedy cure for both. Tiny,
eugar-coated granules. One little "Pellet "<
* is a gentle laxative and two a mild cathar-
tic. They never gripe. Nothing els* is
"¦just as good."
Mrs. Ella Wheeler Wilcox says there
comes a time in the course of married love
when r the thrill goes out of the hand-
clasp and the kiss at times, and it is then
that husband and wife may be susceptible
to other ciagnetic personalities." The rea-
r on for tliis condition of affairs is often the
fault of the husband, but how often is it
not dec to the wife's nervousness and irri-
tability due to sonie_ trouble with the or-
cans peculiarly feminine — the wife under
«uch circumstances feels languid aud spir-
itless — she suffers perhaps from headache
iio<l sleeplessness.
Backed up by over a third of a century
' f renarkable and uniform cures, a record
rsch as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierre's
I'avorite Prescription now feel fully war-
LOVE BIES.
THE EMPORIUM.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.• OAKLAND, July 25.— Frank" Law
rence, who lives at 950 New, street
reported to the police this morning
that . his yawl, the Monterey, had been
stolen from its moorings at the foot
of Chase street. ; * — *
Thieves Steal a Boat.
OAKLAND, July 25.— P. E. Lai
throp, a collector and private detec
tive of this city, who was convicted on
a - charge of* misdemeanor | embezzle
ment preferred by D. FeccJ, a San
Francisco fruit 5 dealer, wag sentenced
to thirty days' imprisonment * in the
City Prison' this morning "by V Police
Judge 'Samuels: • •_-••/".•: '•--" -r-""
Lathrop Gets Thirty Days.
OAKLAND, July 25.— Police Judge
George Samuels to-day suspended
judgment on the case of Thomas Ro
han, who was arrested yesterday
morning for drunkenness, while one
of his children was dead and another
was critically 111, supposedly from pto
maine poisoning. His Honor said he
believed Rohan had punished himself
sufficiently, in view .of the surround
ing circumstances of the case. • •
Rohan Goes Free.
OAKLAND, July 25.— Rayfleld Mc-
Dermott, 10 years of age, son of Mr.
and Mrs. William McDermott, who
live at 1259 Campbell street, left home
yesterday and failed to return. His
parents have asked the police to find
him. .
Small Boy Missing.
ALAMEDA, July 25. — E. E. Good
ell,' Instructor of manual training. in
the local school department, has filed
his resignation with the Board of .Ed
ucation and it will be formally accept
ed at the next meeting of that body.
Mr.. Goodell Is at present* in Boston;
where he was called several months
ago by the illness of his father.- '. .
Alameda Instructor Resigns.
OAKLAND, July 25. — The chargo
of misdemeanor embezzlement ! pre
ferred against J. H. Montgomery by
L. E. Brackett wajs dismissed this
morning by Judge Samuels on motion
of the prosecuting witness,
Embezzlement Case Dismissed.
BERKELEY, July 25.— Justtee of
the Peace Samuels has discharged. C.
R. Carrick, charged with embezzle
ment of funds from the Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners, of, which
he was once financial secretaryi hav
ing found him not guilty of the accu
sation. Carrick was able to show that
he did not steal $23 50, the amount he
was accused of misappropriating.
Finds Union Man Innocent.
ALAMEDA, .July 25. — George - L.
Gale passed away last month at his
home, 1306 Fountain street, after an
illness of two months from Brlght's
disease. He was a native of England,
61 years of age. His funeral will* be
held from his late residence on
Wednesday morning and Interment
will be in Mountain View Cemetery. .
Death of George L. Gale.
OAKLAND, July 25. — George Allen,
a resident of Dletz lane, was arraign
ed ' this morning in Judge Geary's
court in East Oakland on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon- -The
complaining witness is Mrs. Catherine
Klein, who alleges that during a
neighborhood row Allen struck her In
tKfc face with a rock.
Charged With Assault.
. OAKLAND. July 25. — Interlocutory
decrees of divorce were granted to
day to Mary R. Church from William
P. Church for unfaithfulness, Mary F.
Ward from William T. Ward for ex
treme cruelty. Suits for divorce were
begun to-day by Ollvlna Wack
enroder against Henry W. Wack
enroder for habitual intemperance
and Sylvia R. Oyarzo against Joseph
M. Oyarzo on the ground of failure to
provide.
In the Divorce Court.
Charges insanity.
OAKLAND. July 25.— John \R
Dunning of 1871 Carlton street,
Berkeley, was taken to the detention
ward of the Receiving Hospital this
afternoon on a charge of insanity pre
ferred by his nephew. J. L. Kennedy,
who ear* his uncle has been threat
ening to burn the house down and
eaid that it would be In ashes before
night. :r" r
OAKLAND. July 25. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk, to-day: Fred Scha
fer, over 21. and Carrie Peterson,
over 18, both of Oakland; William S.
Cranney, 27, San Jose, and Eva L.
Bierke, 24, Oakland; Manuel Ray
mundo, 26, and Maria Camara, 17,
both of Hay wards; Frank D. Chase,
over -50, and Atlanta J. Lincoln, over
50, both of Berkeley; Antone Cam
postrene, 40. and Emelle Lennin, 28,
both of Oakland; Frederick Helmcke.
over 21, Blocksburg, and Minna Jans
sen, over IS, of Oakland; William
Johnson, over 21. and Madaline Kent,
over 18. both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
j BERKELEY, July 25. — The summer
school of theology, under the auspices
of the Pacific Theological Seminary!
began its two weeks' session to-day.
Its formal opening in the
First Congregational Church, where
the corps of lecturers engaged for the
session will speak dally. Dr. J. K:
McLean, president of the Theological
Seminary, led the exercises, which
were devotional and explanatory. Dr.
McLean devoted some time to a his
tcry of the development of summer
school work in California, which he
said had resulted in a regularly or
ganized summer session in theology.
These exercises were followed by the
first lecture of Dean Frank Knight
Sanders of Yale Divinity School on
"The Teaching. Function of -.the
Church."
It is estimated that there will J3e
100 students in attendance upon the
summer school, although only about
seventy-five registered to-day. This
membership is drawn from all over
the State, from the university sum
mer school, the ministry and the laity.
Dr. J. K. McLean Leads the Formal
Exercises in the First Congre
gational Church.
THEOLOGICAL SUMMER
SCHOOL DOORS OPEN
OAKLAND, July -»• — The Wes*
Oakland Athletic Club will frive its
regular monthly amateur boxing ex
hibition to-morrow evening, and an
excellent card has bjeen arranged for
the occasion. The main event will
be between George Rrown'-of the West
Oakland Club and Nobby Ott* of. the
Brooklyn Club. The men will mtet
at 140 nounds. The other events are:
J. de Ponto ( W. O. A. C.) vSwJack Sul
livan (Brooklyn CM>b). *130*; pounds;
Jo* Baker <\V. O. A. C) vs. Billy
Brr.nnan (Bay City), *110 pounds;
Fred I,oud ( W- O.' A. C.) vs. Tom
K!o*n (Oakland), 130 pounds; Mussa
Bryam (Africa) va. H. Martin (Oak
land), 125 pounds.
IVcst Oakland Club Boxing.
SACRAMENTO, July,, 23. — Shortly
before noon to-day fire destroyed the
residence and, saloon of Martin Shuler*
at Highland Park, a suburb of Sacra
mento. Loss about $3500.
Sacramento Residence Burned.
YREKA. July 25. — Deputy Sheriff
Shaw caught a desperate neirro yester
day at Edgr^wood. The darky, in com
pany with others, is said to have taken
part in four hold-ups the previous
night at Weed. The negro showed
fight, 'but the deputy had the drop
on him. His accomplice boarded a
freight at Upton, got off at Edgewond.
but getting scared, jumped on and
went to Ashland, where Sheriff How
ard found him this morning.
Prisoner Shows* Fight, bnt Deputy
Sheriff Has Advantage and Ar
rests Ills Man.
NEGRO SUSPECTED OF
ROBBERY IS CAPTURED
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
Julius C. Reis, executor of the es
tate of the late Samuel Davis, Is not
satisfied with the value placed upon
the big ranch in Kings County, in
which Davis owned a one-third In
terest, and upon a showing made to
the .court .yesterday. .It was ordered
that Julian Sohntag, Robert Day and
T. F. Bonnet, who appraised the San
Francisco estate, should go out and
appraise- the ranch. The property
consists of 18,712.12 acres and was
originally appraised by George Berk
enhuser, George D. Smith and G.
Motheral, who were appointed In
Kings County at the request of Reis.
George E. Bates and E. O. Miller each
own a third interest in the^ranch.
Since the appraisement the admin
istrator has learned that a short time
before the death of Davis he. Miller
find Bates had made a contract to sell
the tract for $15 an acre. They re
fused to renew the contract when it
expired, notwithstanding that the in
tending purchaser was ready and able
to renew it. Rels also says that Da
vis declared before his death that he
would not sell his interest In the lands
for $93,000. The land and improve
ments cost Davis $25,000. It is set
forth that 3000 acres of the lands are
now under alfalfa cultivation and
worth at .least $75 an acre, and that
b^ large part of the tract is partly
fenced, ditched and leveled.
The administrator declares that it
would be to the best interests of the
estate and those holding 1 interest in
common to have the tract appraised
by strangers to the county, who are
familiar with the value of the prop
erty.
Condemned Man Reprieved!
TUCSON, Ariz.. July 25.— Acting
Governor W. F. Nichols has granted
Theodore Ellas, who was to have been
hanged at Tucson Tuesday morning, a
sixty-day reprieve, to permit the Sher
iff and District Judge to proceed under
the statute and summon a Jury to de
termine whether the condemned man
is insane. .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
William Babcock was yesterday
elected president of the Merchants'
Exchange. William J. Dutton was
elected vice president; Leon Sloss
treasurer, and T. C. Frledlander sec
retary. The are William
Babcock, William J. Dutton, Leon
Sloss, James B. Smith, E. W. Hopkins,
P. H. Wheelan, Juda Newman. James
Hogg. R. P. Schwerin, F. W. Van
Sicklen and E. K. Wood. After the
officers had been elected for the year
of 1904-05 the standing committees
were appointed as follows:
Executive— William J. Dutton. James Horst,
E. W. Horktns, Leon Sloss and F. W. Van
Sicklen; finance — ~W. J.' Dutton, Juda Newman
and E. K. Wood; trade and commerce — R. p.
Schwerln, G. W. McNear, A. Chesebrough,
Percy T. Morgan and W. M. Alexanderr mem
bershlp — James B. Smith, B. Faymonvllle, W.
H. Hammer, Arthur Page anu A- G. Towne;
Information and statistic? — F. II. Wheelan,
E. T. Kruse and James K. Lynch: floor — E.
Gauthier Jr., M. A. Newell. Joseph Magner;
arbitration — J. A. Hooper. W. G. Mugan, Wil
liam Greer Harrison. Joseph Durney, Jinea
RolDh Jr.. Henry Rosenfeld and Robert Dol
lar; appeals — Henry F. Allen. J. J. Moore. F.
C. Talbot, Charles D. Haven and William
Haas; committee on grain — R- D. Girvin,
William Baehr Jr.. H. C. Somefs, S. D. Mc-
Near and A. S. Moneley; margin fund — Juda
Newman, H. Sinshelmer, W. F. 8oule.
Bicyclist Blown From Ills Wheel.
J. C. Arman, 63 years old, while tak
ing a spin on his bicycle Sunday on
the San Mateo road, near the county
line, was blown from his wheel. The
place where the aged man came to grief
is an exposed portion of the peninsula,
where the wind from the ocean blows a
gale at all seasons of the year. When
he was discovered by persons passing
the ambulance from the Potrero Emer
gency Hospital was telephoned for and
he was removed to the hospital. Dr.
Buell treated him for injuries to hla
head and shoulders, but these were not
of a serious nature and he was able to
depart for his home, at Sixth and Bry
ant streets.
Tennis in the South.
PASADENA. July 25.— The first
day's play In the Southern California
tennis tournament resulted as followg:
Junior singles; preliminary rourtd-1
Steele-Pierce. 6-4, 6-3: . Buttolph-
Simmons, 6-0, 3-6, 6-2; Young-Kubel
6-2, 6-3. i .
Ladies' singles, preliminary round
Miss. Ray-Miss Seymour, 3-6, 6-3, 6-3-
Violet Sutton-Allce Scott. 6«8. 6-0;
Florence Sutton-Mrs. Bruce. .7-5, 6-3;
Goorgina Jones-Miss Early, 8-6, 5-7*,
6-4. . .
ARRIVED.
Monday.. July 25:
Stmr Gypsy. Gray 20 hours from Monterey.
SchrMelancthon. Stark, 55 hours from Coo 9
SAILED.
Monday, July 25.
8tmr Santa Monica, Oluen, for Port Los An
'.* , DOMESTIC PORTS.
FOREIGN PORTS
SEATTLE _ Sailed July 2S-Stmr . Santa
Clara, for Valde»; «tmr Farallon. for Skag-
: . .
VICTORIA— Sailed 'July 25— Br stmr Em
pmB of India, for Yokohama.
' Passed _out. July 2!>-Xor atmr Tellus. from
Ladysmlth. for San FrancUco.
T ,? as 5« d * n July -25— Nor etmr Titanla. hence
July. 21 for Xanalmo.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAn— Arrived July 25— Stmr Prin
ress Irene, from, New York for Naple. apd
Genoa, and proceeded. •
. N P, YORK-Arrived July 2S-Stmr An
choria, from Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 24— Stmr Hun
garian, from Mdntreal; »tmr Montfort, from
Montreal and Quebec.
Sailed July 24 — Stmr Buenos Ayrcan. from
Glasgow for Philadelphia. .
GLASGOW— Arrived July 24— Stmr Pomera
nian, from . Montreal and Quebec via Liver
pool. July 25— Stmr Mongolian, from New
York. • .....,,¦
Sailed July 23— Stmr Numldlan. for New
York : itrar Pretorlan, for Montreal.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived July 22— Stmr Sta
tendam. from New ; York. .
» BREMEN— Arrived July" 25 — 8tmr PrlnzeH
Alice, from N«w York via, Plymouth and Cher-
Dour*. '.:¦.'.¦
LONDON— Arrived July 25-^Stmr Minneap
olis/from Ntw York. • : ...
MOV1LLE— Arrived July 23— Stmr Astorlan."
from ' New York, and proceeded. ¦
BOULOGNE-^Salled July. 24— atmr Patricia
from Hamburg for New York.
OAKLAND, July 25.— The Board of
Supervisors met as a Board of Equal
ization to-day and took up the con
sideration of applications for the re
duction of assessments. The following
reductions were granted: E. F. Fair
child, from $600 to $400; Alice M.
Colby, from $1200 to $900; H. A. Ad
rian, from $1400 to $900; Julius Quin
chard, from $10,800 to $6200; F. C.
Lewis, from $2000 to $800. The fol
lowing applications were denied :-M.
L. Wolff, from $250 to $125; Cather
ine Ryan, from $1000 to $500; Min
nie E. Dreyer, from $3050 to $2050.
Owing: to a clerical error the South-
Pacific Coast Railroad had been left
off the rolls and upon the request of
Deputy Assessor Thomas Robinson
the property was listed.
County Equalizers Meet.
APPRAISEMENT OF DAVIS
RANCH NOT SATISFACTORY
The committee on street improve
ment has reported that Superintend
ent of Streets Ott has promised to re
pair the crossings. in East Oakland,
many of which are at present in bad
condition, president 'Welch has been
authorized to call the attention of the
Board of Public Works to the weeds
row growing on the r sidewalks and in
the . gutters around Independence
Square. "
OAKLAND, July 25.— The Inde
pendence Square Improvement Club
has instituted an active campalgm for
the improvement of East Oakland
streets. Special attention will be given
to East Seventeenth. East Nineteenth,
East Twentieth and East Twenty-first
streets and Seventeenth and Eight
eenth avenues.
Independence Square Improvement
Club Is Working: for Needed
Repairs. >-•
EAST OAKLAND PEOPLE
WANT BETTER STREETS
OAKLAND. July 23.— Meir Castin,
11 years of age, whose parents reside
at 1063 Howard street. San Francisco,
who stole $60 from his mother three
day? ago and then ran away with Da
vid Panker, who lives in the rear at
the same place, was arrested last
night with his companion In a Sev
enth-street lodgring-house. The youth
ful pair had Just come from San Jose,
where they had been for two days.
When the boys' were arrested $28 of
the stolen money was found In their
possession. The runaways confessed
their identity.
rested With Companion in Sev
enth-Street Lodglng-House.
Eloven-Year-Old Melr Cnstin Is Ar-
ROBS HIS MOTHER
OF SIXTY DOLLARS
Mr. and Mr?. Herbert Blandtng, with Mr.
and Mr«. Frank G. Howlett, have gone to Fort
Bragg, from where they will make a camping
tour of Mendocmo County. . . - .
Hugh C. Qallagher, who spent the last two
weeks at resorts in Lake County, returned
home last evening.
Mrs. W. t>. Littleton and family and Mrs.
J. L. Teller and family have returned from
Dutch Flat, where they passed their summer
vacation.
Professor William W. Kemp, formerly prin
cipal of thft Longfellow Bchool, is visiting the
tit. Louis Exposition. '
Mrs. Charles C. Hughes and her sister-in
law, Mrs. Ada Coldwell, are enjoying an out
ing at Glen Alpine.
AI^AMEDA. July 25.— Miss Bessie Frier has
returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs. R. O.
Manifold of Denver.
BERKELEY, July 25.— Mrs. Wallace M.
P^ar*all has set her home at Kins and Felton
streets at the disposal of the ladles of St.
Matthew's Kflscopa! Church for a garden
party and carnival the coming Friday and
Saturday afternoons and evenings. The ladies
propose that the carnival nhall resemble the
big one recently held In Idftra Park, only that
it will be a sort of pocket edition, and the
proceeds will go to swell the funds of ' the
church. There will be clerks -in "'hayseed'
clothes, with ifrs. A. M, Bailey. Miss Elsie
Weldon.' Mtss: Marie Wel&on, E? H. Homer
and Bert Stevenson as the wearers. Besides
thia there will be booths where all sorts of
thlngrs will be sold. One of the feature's will
be the vaudeville entertainment on a lantern-
Ilt, open-air stage. Miss May Rf-nnlxon, Miss
Elise Weldon, Mr. Homer arid Mr. Stevenson
will sin* as a quartet. Ml«<» Julia Foreyth«
wfll sinfr and dance, and Mt.su Myrtle Hill will
recite. The whole will be capped off with the
presentation of a one-act farce entitled "A
Train of Mauro" by a capt composed of Miss
Hill. Miss Jennie Landberg and Gus Moller.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
. OAKLAND, July 25. — The remains
of Michael Ahearn, a resident of this
city, whose body was found several
days ago In the Truckee River, will
not be brought to Oakland for burial,
having 1 already been interred at Wads
worth, Nev. Ahearn's family resides
at 925 Pine street.
Body Not to Be Sent Home.
OAKLAND, July 25.— Regular Pa
trolman Carl E. Kentz of the' Oakland
Police Department was* off duty last
night. Carl took advanatge of his brief
furlough and attended a moonlight
outing at Shell Mound Park. That is
what led to his undoing.
After a strenuous encounter with the
kind of alcoholic stimulant that hits
the fighting bumps Kentz imagined he
was a composite photograph of every
body in the fighting game from a Ro
man gladiator down to Jeffries.
Result— One badly battered bluecoat
borne to the County, Jail at 2 o'clock
this morninu in care of three husky
deputy constables. ,,
Result-.No.. 2—tA; bunch .o.f seventeen
men storming the Chief of Police's of
fice at opening hours to-day with sev
enteen kinds of complaints to lodge
against the patrolman who had strayed
from the narrow path.
Result No. 3— One marred policeman
relieved of star and ordered to face his
superiors, with every prospect that his
term of service, begun only last Octo
ber, will abruptly end.
Kentz must also answer to a charge
of disturbing the peace, his freedom
having been gained by the depositing
of $20 bail. s -
Kentz has a dim recollection of the
events at the picnic. They came so
fast that one crowded the other out of
his mind. When he got out of hi«
trance he found his countenance filled
with projecting knobs and contusions,
while an eye in colors lurid and a cut
here and there in relief gave a realistic
touch to the joys of the outing.
Deputy Constables Green, Wagner
and Asher supply the missing details.
Kentz, they say, conducted himself en
tirely out of the lines set for good po
licemen to follow. So unconventional
was the Oaklander that the officers at
the park Insisted he should retire.
Kentz, bibulously belligerent, declined
the invitation to depart. But he must
leave, " declared * the constabulary.
"Must" did not strike Carl as quite the
Avord. However, things began to move
about that time.
Kentz would not go.
So they took him. It was a merry
mix-up, but as the overwhelmed police
man afterward asserted, "Three meti
were too many for me after I sprained
rny knee on the railroad 1 - track."
They landed Kentz in jail after he
had been patched up at the Receiving
Hospital.
Seriously, the i deputy constables
charge that Kentz acted outrageously
In the presence of women and was so
Insulting that several of their escorts
took him in hand, kentz • denies all
this and aserts that he did not start
ructions until some one hit him in the
face. _ •
Disastrous End to Moo'n-
Jight Picnic at Shell •
Mound.
Judge Ogden this afternoon ordered
the estate c-f the late Captain Daniel
E. Martin to be distributed. The prop
erty is appraised at $103,293. The Mar
tin home at 1323 Harrison street has
been set apart to the widow and the
following distribution made to the
heirs: To Mrs. Pauline Martin, the
widow, $30,000; to Mrs. Marie L. Mitch
ler, $20,000; to Mrs.* Catherine M.
Sperry, $9500; to Alfred G. Mitchler,
$4750; to Mrs. Mary P. Roff, $2850; to
Mrs. Florence H. Requa, $950; to the
Ladies' Protective and Relief societies
of Oakland and San Francisco, $3000
each, and to the Protestant Orphan
Asylum of San Francisco, $2000.
Final distribution of the estate of the
late Sarah Wakefield was ordered to
day. The deceased, with her daughter,
Naomi, were passengers on the ill
fated Rio Janeiro, which sank as she
was trying to enter the Golden Gate in
February, 1901. The estate was ap
praised at $128,144 39 and goes to Sam
Bell Wakefleld and Frank W. Wake
field, the two sons of deceased.
The final distribution of the estate of
the late Anthony Chabot, who died in
1885, was ordered to-day by Judge Og
den. There was little remaining in the
hands of Miss Ellen H. Chabot, the
executrix of the estate, which origin
ally was worth $1,348,370 72. The de
ceased was or.e erf the organizers of
the Contra Costa Water Company, af
terward merged with the Oakland
Water Company. With the formal dis
tribution of several small pieces of
property, worth in all less than $10,000,
an order was made finally closing the
administration of the estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 25.
Yesterday afternoon the offices of the
defendants were vacant. The crowds
that gather each morning to watch the
rise and fall of the markets of the world
had departed to ponder on the fortunes
of the day. Figures on the blackboard
told of the fluctuations of the market,
that meant gain and loss to the specu
lators; the world's visible supply of
grain was set forth in imposing figures,
and the millions involved in railroad
bond issues were posted to dazzle those
that would win their fortunes easily.
These are the places J. Fare attacks in
his suit. What their defense will be is
a nut to crack.
"All contracts for the sale of shares
of the capital stock of any corporation
or association on margin or to be de
livered at a future date, shall be null
and void, and any money paid on such
contracts may be recovered by the par
ty paying it by suit in any court of
competent jurisdiction."
Fare has found the court of compe
tent Jurisdiction, and by his testimony
and that of the woman who placed in
his hands the material for the second
suit he promises to add another chap
ter to the history of the Institutions the
legitimacy of whose operations he at
tacks. Regarding the suit Mr. Hutton,
Fare's attorney, said:
"My client, although well aware of
the nature of the business carried on
by the defendants, was deceived as to
conditions of the market, hence de
mands his money back. That he can re
cover it there can be no doubt, as the
soundness of the constitutional provi
sion covering the case has been passed
upon many times. The defendants in
these cases are proprietors of 'bucket
shops,' and I hardly think they will
have the temerity to deny the truth. of
our allegations. All we can do i#to re
cover the money lost by my client and
his assignor. The police have attempt
ed many times to close these bucket
shops, but without success. \ If all their
victims would follow in the footsteps of
my client, however, these illegal insti
tutions would soon cease to exist."
There Is trouble among those that
buy and .sell stocks on "margin." J.
Fare, well learned as an operator in
the ways of the "margin" dealers, is
the latest speculator In the institutions
on Leidesdorff street to voice a protest
in the courts against the methods that
lost him his gold.
Fare filed two complaints yesterday
against the quoters of "longs" and
"shorts." In the first suit he seeks to
recover from the Central Grain and
Stock Exchange $2661 13 lost through
"margin" deals, and in the second he
prays, as assignee of Mrs. C. A. Ste
phen, for judgment against W. C. Car
penter and W. F. James for I130O on
stock transactions which he claims are
not sanctioned by law.
H. W. Hutton, Fare's attorney, says
that while his client was not ignorant
in the ways of the "margin" dealers, he
was deceived as to the profit that was
promised him in the transactions at Is
sue in the first suit filed. Taking ad
vantage of a. constitutional provision
he seeks by means of the court to re
cover the gold he parted with. The
provision referred to is article 4, sec
tion 26, of the State constitution, and
is as follows: v
The subject was presented to the at
trntion of the board by Secretary Wil
bur Walker of the Merchants* Ex
change. He read a letter received from
th^ custodian of the Alameda exhibit
at St. Louis, who stated that Governor
Pardee in. anxious to know what is to
b*» done with the Alameda exhibit and
whether money would be appropriated
to pay the expense of moving it to
Portland.
•Commissioner W. H. Weilbye ad
dressed the board on what had been
done at St. Louis and answered many
questions in regard to what he thought
of the* benefits to be derived from such
advertising:. He was in favor of an
exhibit at Portland, and said that thou
sands of people at St. Louis had been
attracted by rhe Alameda exhibit and
had been told of Alameda County and
Its resources. The Supervisors seemed
much impressed with the report and
Supervisor Rowe then said:
"I feel that we made no mistake in
appointing the commission to repre
sent Alameda County at St. Louis. I
believe we will make no mistake if we
look far ahead and take such action
now as will give this commission the
power to order the saving of so much
of the exhibit as can be used and have
It shipped, and that it is the sense of
this board that Alameda County make
a.n exhibit at the Portland fair."
This resolution was unanimously
adopted. Further action was deferred
to another meeting owing to the ab
sence of Sur>ervisor Talcott. The ex
pense of making such an exhibit it was
estimated would be about $6000.
By resolution to-day the Board of Su
pervisors agreed to make an exhibit at
the Lewis and Clark Exposition, to be
held In Portland in 1905. It was fur
ther resolved that so much of the Ala
meda County exhibit now at St. Louis
as can be • used is to be saved and
mov<?d to Portland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 25.
Ax in hand, Coristab'le" Thomas Car
roll, erstwhile champion hammer
thrdwer of the United States, chopped
his way to-day through the locked,
doubly barred and nailed door that
blocked bis entrance into Mrs. C. Pres
ton's shop at Fruitvale. Pistol in hand,
the storekeeper awaited the onslaught,
but she was not otherwise on war foot-
Mrs. Preston made only a technical
resistance to the process server. He
was there to sell. out her stock of
gpods under an execution on behalf of
the Lean Law and CoHection Agency.
The Avoman resisted the service of
the execution several, days ago When
the 'constable went, to the store. In
stcaQ of submitting quietly Mrs. Pres
ton displayed a revolver and threatened
to shoot the -flrst person who should
step over the threshold of her, shop.
This rather set * back -the operations.
Constable Carroll satisfied the law by
tacking the document in j front of the
store. He waited the legal time and
returned to-day to sell out the stock
to satisfy the judgment.
Mrs. Preston had -locked the door,
obstructed it with bars and then nailed
it down with small spikes. As Carroll
splintered the casing by lively blows
and ripped panels- out of the securely
fastened" door * it -yielded, and he en
tered, only to face Mrs. Preston. But
she did not attempt to use her pistol.
Her remonstrance was that the stock
was not her property. It was sold to
G. M. Watson.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 25.
Campbell is well known in this city,
where he has lived for many years. He
is one Of the pioneer educators of Cal
ifornia, and for several years was Su
perintendent of the Oakland- public
schools. He also acted as secretary to
Victor H. Metcalf when the latter was
a member of Congress. Campbell's first
wife died many years ago. Since her
death he has lived with his son, Mar
ston Campbell, and his daughter. Miss
Mary CampbelL His present residence
is 1262 Webster Street.
Campbell first met the lady who is to
become hi6 wife through his daughter,
who became acquainted— with Airs.
Walker in Honolulu. When the latter
came to San Francisco, she renewed
her acquaintance with Miss Campbell
and the two became close friends. Dur
ing her visits to the Campbell home
Mrs. Walker, of course, met Mr. Camp
bell.
Mrs. Walker is a member of a
wealthy Philadelphia family. During
the wedding tour she will make an ex
tended visit to the home of her parents
and relatives.
The engagement of Frederick M.
Campbell former State Superinten
dent of Public Instruction, and Mrs. H.
M. L. Walker, lately of Honolulu, has
been announced.
Mrs. Walker is living at the Hotel
Pleasanton in San Francisco. The wed
ding will take place about the middle
oL November. Mr. Campbell and his
britle win enjoy a wedding tour
through the larger cities of the East,
after which they will spend the winter
in Washington, D. C.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 25.
Invokes the Constitutional
Provision That Makes
Speculative Contracts Void
Mrs.fC. Preston, Who Drove
Away Officers by Pistol
Display, Loses Her Wares
Wealth of Sarah Wakefleld.
Victim of Rio Janeiro
Wreck, Goes to Her Sons
Prominent Citizen of Oak
land Will Lead Mrs. H.
M. L. Walker to the Altar
Maria Stein fErlinc -widow"* to Charles J.
W. and Annl» Deusfr. lot on N lln-? of Taylnr
avenue. 120 W of McPherson street. W 47. ,~i
110. E 32. S 5. E 10, 8 1O5 to beginning. Ahr
meda: $lo.
W. A. Boscow fslnsle). E. A. and Annie Zj.
Dickey to Charl«"« E. Bancroft, lot 22. block
8. Alpine Tract. Oakland: $li>.
Minnie E. Brigits (Easter) to Lewis Hewlett,
let on NE line of East Twelfth street. 5O ?E
of Eighth avenue. PE 25 by NE 100. block 44.
Clinton. Kast Oakland: $10.
Friederlke Boechelc (Roesler. wldnw) t>
Fmma Fambacher, lot on E line «' Frdnt»Hr|
street. in*> S of Bay. S 71.2 by E 100. blnck S.
map r>r blocks 8 and 11. Curtis Tract. Berke
ley: «1f>.
Thomas B. Walker to Catherine I«. anrt
Harry O. Walker, lot on STV rnrner of S<"-warit
and Willow street*. S 33 by VT 10O. blnefc T01,
Bcardman'B map, Oakland: $10.
Same to Henry and Lucretla A. Brand, lot
on TV* line of Howe street. 2DO N of Booth, N
40 by AV 1OO. lot K» and portion of lot 11,
Mock It. same man. Oakland: $10.
Friederika and Diedrlch Bnjns to Elmo H.
and Velma O. Fenton. lot on XV line of Howe
»tr<-et. 2<V> N of Booth. M 30 by W 1ijO, por
tion of lots 11 and 12, block 11, map r*sub
dlvl«ion of blocks 1O andi» 11, Howe Tract,
Oakland: $10-
Same to Jay M. Fenton. lot on TV line of
Howe street. 230 N of Booth, N 30 by W 10O,
r>ortlnn of lots 12 and 13. block 11. same.
Oakland: ?io.
Nellie M. and De Vere Anderson to J. U.
Calkins (as trustee), lot en S line of Delaware
street. CO E of California. E 40 by S 105. VI*
100. N 3O. E 00. N 75. portion lots V and W,
In-Rangft 1". Rime; $250.
Pam» to Xicoline Nielsen (wife of Christian
M.), lot on E line of, California street. 105 S of
P? la war?. S .".0 by B 1TO portion lots V and
W, in Range 12 Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Albert S. Y.'oncJbridgft to Grant P. Ham
mans let on NE line nt Glen avanun.. 22l.RO
KE of Redwood. SE 50 by XE 110.23, twins
NW" half of lot o. Bond Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $1O.
George Brown Estate Company (a corpora
tion) to AugU3t H. W. Koerber. lot on SW
line of Santa Clara avenue 232 SE of Union
street. SE 50 by SW 207:«. Atameda: $22Trf>.
D. A. McDonald to Jano McDonald (wife).
Ints '21 to 23, map Glascock & Blow Temescal
Tract. Oakland: gift. ,
D. R. and Marv A. MeXrtll to "Walter It.
Peterson (married), lot 13, Idora Park Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Fame to Harriet Tt. Tupper, lot S. same: $10.
Same to Afiuilla L. and Jos!a Tupper, lot *,
same: $1O.
Horace S. or Howard S. Beaton <sin>r!e> tr»
rame, lot on S line of Delaware street. 50 E of
California, E 50 by S 1.15. lot W, In Range 1-,
Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
George P.. Anna E.. Marie O. an<1 Cirri*
J Ranmussen and Rosa O. Rogle to Peter
Rasmussen. lot on NW comer of Delaware
and Hamilton streets. W 3«0 by N 13.": 14.
lots 8 to 10. Mock — , State University Hnm»
?tead Association Xo. 5. Berkeley: also lot on
N line of Sixteenth street. 1<>O W of Market.
VT 50 by N x~o. lots' 17 and IS and portlcn
lots 12 and 23. block 50.1. Reed Tract. Oakland,
and property out of county; $50.
Etta M. and Raleigh P; Hooe to Xellie Mas
Anderson, lot on BE corner of Delaware an<t
Califcinia streets. E 50 by S 135, lot V, la
Range 12. Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John V. and Augusta G. Campbell to Jenni*
McCatl r.ll.os (wife of Percy I*'), lot »J, Tem
pleton Tract. East Oakland; $10.
D. A. Landresii* (pnardlan estate of Alary
Ann Landregan. Insane) to T. P. Spiers, all
interest In lot on NK corner of Fourth «r»»r
and Landregan avenue, N' 107, E 60. S M7. W
to b«ginnfn*r, lot 4, block 8. Landregan
Tract. Emeryville. Oakland Township:" $3<K>
' Andrew Knudsen (sinsle) to William K.
and Bessie n. Cecil, lot on E line of Fulton
street. R»:S S of Ward. E 12O by 3 44:10. por
tion of lot 4. block C. map southern portion
of Blake Estate. Berkeley: $10.
J. G. Lemmon et aJs. to S. Uertrude Smyth
(erantee of Marietta L. stow), all interest in
lots 62 and W and W 25 feet of lota «7 and
t>. map Temescal Park, . quitclaim deed. Oak
land; grant.
.Benjamin T. Mouser and J. C. Lemmon to
S Gertrude Esterle (Smyth), all interest ac
quired uncier. deed from Marietta L. Stow, KM
V. 260. same as above, thia deed given to
correct names of grantors In former deed,
Oakland; $ •
Harriet P. and John W. Peek to S. Gertrude
Smythe. same property, quitclaim deed. Oak
land: $10.
Carl F. Wood to S. Gertrude Smythe Es
terle, all Interest in same, quitclaim deed,
Oakland: grant. . .
J. \ and Lucy A. McCarl to C. R. Shaw.
lot on N line of Thirty-third street, 1S3.3 K
of Market. E 33 by N 10O. portion of lot 2y,
block K. property of Central Land Company.
Oakland; S10.
C. K. and Annie E. Shaw to Herman 5. lie-
Keen, same, Oakland: ?10. ,
Klla U and Margaret M. Bullock 'wWnw)
to George "W. and Kmlly E- Nunesr. lot on .V
lln« of Thirty-second street. 20S B of Marke:,
H 33:«, N 100, W 33.B46. S 112.23. portion r.t
lots » and in, block 2041, Rowland Tract. Oak
land; no. . ..
Same to John W. Eber. lot on N lin« of
Thirty-second street, 331:8 K of Market. E
S3:6.. N 105.97. W 33«46. S 10»» portion of
lot t>. block 2(141, Rowland Tract. Oakland; *TU.
MONDAY. JCT.Y 23.
Alameda County.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Commissioner W. H. Weil
bye Tells of the Bene
fits of Such Advertising
TO MARRY IN NOVEMBER
WOMAN NAILS UP DOOR
TO PAY MARTIN HEIRS
HEAR GLOWING STORIES
J. -FAKE IS PLAINTIFF
Constable Carroll Smashes
Into a Barricaded Shop
. to Sell Under Execution
Supervisors Will Appropri
ate Money for Display
at Lewis and Clark Snow
Administration on the
Anthony Chabot Proper
ty .Is Closed at Last
Leidesdorff Street Institu
tions Are Defendants in
Actions to Eecover Gold
Frederick M. Campbell, For
merly Superintendent of
Public Instruction, to Wed
FAIR EXHIBIT
A BIG SUCCESS
EDUCATOR WILL
TAKE A BRIDE
MAKES HIS WAY
BY USE OF AX
BIG ESTATES
ARE SETTLED
SUITS FOLLOW
MARGIN DEALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAYS JULY 26, 1901.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
POLICEMAN
KENTZ'S SAD
EXPERIENCE
CARL K. KENTZ. WHO RAN AMUCK
AT A PICNIC AND LANDED IN
JAIL.
6
Hitters
When the tongue is coated, appetite
poor and sleep restless, you will find'
a few doses of the Bitterk will do you
a world of good. It tones up the
stomach and cures Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Vomiting, Cramps and LivA
Trouble*. Try a bottle. * **
CARTERSl SICK nEADACRE -
BSittie Gcnuina Musi Bear
|| IVER Faa-Simile Signature
¦¦¦I 1 y^s**<5^5^z^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BKANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
. 1010 Broadway. ., .
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 539.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tit'i i. - ¦ -. ' ' 1 iiil ir*" 1
MODERN METHODS"
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much above
the average. Nothing is done on chance.
Each operation is successful becausa
carefully considered and skillfully car-
ried out. -¦
TEETH
Made by us will last for many years.
Sold rilllnsrs. .S1.OC Bone rilling. ... .500
Silver Pillia?s.. .50c Extraction Free.
post-graduatIFental college
3 TAYLOB ST.. SAX rBAHCZSCO.
t 973 Washington St., Oakland.
«ua Joio. .*•_¦. Sacxameato*The -Rev.. B. M. ; Kaplan of Sacra
mento, who occupied, the. pulpit of the
Congregation Ohabai Shalome last
Saturday morning, will preach at the
Bush-street Synagogue ' on Wednesday
evening, at 8 o'clock. Rabbi Kaplan
will speak on . "The Russo-Japanese
War." The musical programme will
be conducted by Cantor Salomon.
Will Lecture on the War.
W. E. Dassonvllle, the artist-photog
rapher, will deliver a lecture before
the Camera Club on Tuesday evening
at 8 o'clock at 819 Market street.' The
subject of the lecture will be "The Ap
plication of Artistic Principles \ to
Photography." An interesting exhibi
tion of prints by.E. N. Sewell.no w. in
progress at the v clubrooms - is ": well
worth roing to see. " "~P^
Photography and Art.
Rate Tickets.-. . u t
Ftihln*. hunting and i «up«'rb . Bcenery- make
Taho« the place for a ; fine ' vacation. , The
Bouthern Pacific Is ecHlnr ticket* at-- low rates
with stopovers from two to ninety days. -Ask
for a Taho« folder describing the country and
full Information regarding rates at 613 Mar
' ket street. , -'- ¦ . . •
VACATION' AT . LAKE .'¦ TAHOE.
The Southern Pacific, Offers Reduced
The transcontinental railroad com
panies have agreed by a Joint resolu
tion to extend , no free transportation
to the St. Louis . Exposition to em
ployes of their lines after August 15.
This action is attributed to the heavy
passenger movement which 'Is expect
ed to, materially increase after the
date mentionad, and the transporta
tion companies figure that the carry-
Ing capacity of all their rolling stock
will be needed to meet the require
ments of the traveling public. The
official notice that the issuance of free
transportation would be limited to. the
period' prior to August 15 was given
out yesterday and caused no little dis
appointment among local * railroad
employes who had been planning to
go to the exposition after, abatement
of the hot spell in St. Louis. Under
this new and unexpected ruling many
employes will\ have to. forego their
trip ; unless they decide to . pay their
fares.""-"* : <.•'•' ¦•• ¦ '..:•/,'*¦ o
Transcontinental Roads Adopt a Rale
That Will Spoil Contemplated
, Trips to Exposition.
MAXY' EMPLOYES WILL
HAVE TO STAY AT HOME
pervisors' office under civil service It
would receive his support.
The Mayor said it was his opinion
that the report was not made in good
faith, and the committee was. taking
snap Judgment, since there is a suit in
court to determine, the tenure of
Health Department employes. The
Mayor charged that the Supervisors
stood sponsors for some laborers in
Chinatown and asked Brandenstein if
he had not asked that one O'Neill be
employed there. Brandenstein replied
that he had after O'Neill had been dis
charged and was told to go and see
Abe Ruef.
Boxton created amusement when he
said that "civil service was all right
for those who had the machinery .of
government, and that he had helped
civil service employes' to get their po
sitions by bringing his political pull to
bear." '
The vote on the adoption of the re
port was: . .
Ayes — Booth, Brandenstein, Braun
hart, Comte, Connor, D'Ancona, Eg
gers. Hocks, McClellan, Payot,
Rock — 11. ,
Noes — Alpers, Bent, Finn, Boxton,
Lunstedt, Sanderson— 6.
Major C. M. Perkins, who command
ed the marine guard of the Philadel
phia at Samoa in 1899 when the Amer
ican and British forces were ambushed
and officers and men of the allied party
killed, was also a passenger on the
China. He has been on duty at Manila.
Paul Cowles, . manager of the West
ern division of the Associated Press,
returned on the liner. He went to the
Orient to organize the war service of
the Associated Press. He turned the
organization over to Martin -J. Kgan,
who is now in charge, with headquar
ters at Tokio. The Associated Press
has a dozen staff correspondents, cov
ering as many important points of the
vast war operations, and emplovs an
army of interpreters and messengers.
Cowles says that the correspondents
pervisors' office under civil service It
would receive his support.
WAS AT SAMOA.
Among the passengers who arrived
here yesterday on the "-er China was
Rear Admiral P. H. Cooper, who suc
ceeded Admiral Evans In command of
the Asiatic squadron. Admiral Cooper
is in poor health and has come home
to be retired at his own request. He
was accompanied by his flag lieuten
ant, Victor Blue; his secretary, Ensign
H. L. Wyman, and Surgeon F. E. Mc-
Cullough of the navy. Lieutenant
Blue's wife, who is Admiral Cooper's
niece, was also of the party.
Lieutenant Blue rendered conspicu
ous service during the Spanish-Ameri
can war and is one of the heroes of
that unpleasantness whose realization
of the eternal fitness of modesty, even
in a matter of dashing heroism, has
prevented any subsequent marring of
the impression his gallantry made upon
his home-staying fellow citizens.
Not that Blue cares about the im
pression any act of his might have
given. He is devoted to his duty as
he finds It and, for all the sign ,he
gives, has long ago forgotten all about
how he took his life in his hands as
¦the lone volunteer on as forlorn a hope
as sailor or soldier ever undertook.
Blue has been ordered to the Buffalo,
probably as navigating officer. His
brother, Dr. Rupert Blue of the marine
hospital service, met him in quarantine
yesterday.
The man that can handle any i
amount of money in the Orient and
balance his cash has gifts the gods
might envy, according to Cowles' story
of the exchange troubles that beset
his path as financial agent for a dozen
correspondents. The money changes
in every district. In each district only
tho district's kind of money circulates,
and every time the traveler visits the
banker an appalling percentage or
one's funds is dropped into the "ex
change" kitty.
Cowles, with $3000 in American gold,
which is at a premium in Japan,
wished to purchase Japanese yen. It
seemed easy and promised a profit. At
the bank, however, his gold was first
exchanged into taels and for this op
eration a 'substantial commission was
charged. With a few more strokes of
the pen the banker converted the taels
into yen and again deducted "ex
change."
"If I had been a man of indecision,"
says Cowles, "and had changed my
mind once or twice as to the kind of
money I wanted, I probably would
have used up my $3000 in exchange and
owed something to the banker ' before
I left the counter."
G. A. Goss, another passenger, is a
former member of Yale's football team.
He has been In Borneo hunting ento
mological specimens. He has presented
the result of his labors to the Smith
sonian Institution.
E. Carlson, a Russian banker, was a
passenger on the China.
Cowles visited Chefu, Tientsin,
Peking, Shanhaikwan and New
chwang.
MYSTERY OF EXCHANGE.
of American newspapers feel that they
have a grievance against the Japa
nese war department. They recognize
Japan's right to shut out the news
paper men, but object to the Japanese
method of asserting it. Instead of
treating frankly with the press rep
resentatives, the Japanese have hel.d
thorn in suspense with smoothly
worded excuses and Indefinite prom
ises. Hope deferred is making nervous
wrecks of many of the correspondents,
says Cowles, and in ' all probability
most of the special men will be ordered
home.
DISTINGUISHED NAVAL. OFFICER. WHO IS TO RETIRE FROM THE SERVICE
ON ACCOUNT OF ILLNESS, AND AN ASSOCIATED PRESS MANAGER, BOTH
OP WHOM RETURNED FROM THE ORIENT ON THE CHINA.
When the question Of adopting the
Finance Committee's report was put,
Boxton questioned the right of the
Finance Committee to fix salaries.
D'Ancona replied that there was no
such intention, but that a specific ap
piopriation was made for the salaries
of each department, which, he alleged,
had been exceeded.
MAYOR QUOTES CHARTER.
Mayor Schmitz quoted from the
charter, showing that, the Health
Board has sole Jurisdiction over the
disposition of its appropriation and
the fixing pf salaries. ! Health Officer
Ragan explained the. course of the
Health Board in merging the labora
tory and food department funds and
urged the board not to adopt the re
port. ¦
Braunhart referred to the alleged
attempt j that is being made to over
throw " civil service. .The j Mayor
thought the Supervisors' should . in
their solicitude for civil service, which
he said was commendable, 'set the ex
ample by taking their clerks '.from, the
eligible list. Braunhart replied that If
1 the Mayor would submit a requestyto
amend the charter by placing the Su-
Brandenstein characterized the re
ply of the Health Board as a "jumble
of rhetoric bordering on a declaration
of rights and of independence, but it
did not remove the charge of the
Finance Committee that the civil ser
vice regulations had been violated' and
the salary allowances of the budget
had been exceeded by the. Health De
partment."
'"There is much that is cpntemptible
in the- reply," said Brandenstein. Con
tinuing, he said: "It should be con
signed to the waste basket, but I Will
move that it be placed on file." His
motion prevailed.
D'Ancona stated that his report was
not designed to impugn the motives of
the- Health Board and that he would
decline to answer the personalities
contained in the reply of the board
named.
UKANDKNSTEIX REPLIES.
The assumed censorship over the vital man
agement ot the Health Commission by the
letter of this report will' emasculate, all the
determined good of the laboratory department,
no matter how efficient 1U policy. It strikes
at ihe integrity of purpoce of the Health Com
mission, the very knowledge ul existlnr re
quirements in our department and places the
Board cf Health beneAth the dictation of the
tyrannical member of the Health Committee
of your board, who confesses that he acts as
a Supervisor only and is not guided in his cal
culations as a physician. If his judgment is
that of a layman, he Is out of place and if
he acts under the cuise of a physician he cer
tainly ham fhown such unwarranted incom
petency as to make his statements of forgetful
regard.
The Health Board will resist . having their
commission made the premeditated and. spe
cific battlejrround on which the doubtful prob
lems cf the civil service are to be worked out
and announced to us by the "Sponsors ' of this
report, to which our attention, has been called.
It seems very stranre, and we believe with
intent, for the remaining ¦ members, of th*
Finance Committee to disclaim. any knowledge
of this rc:>ort before presentation, and yet
were willins to urge Us passage..
It is a sid commentary on the health mat
ters of thin city that interference becomes
possible within the charter rights of the Health
Oomn:issioJ. through the agency of an usurped
power of a member of the Health Committee.
Where legal proof shall disclose error In our
rulingr; where the courts declare our actions
illegal concerning any Infringement on civil
service rules, although they may be based
through a desire on our part for acquirement
of the most efficient help, tre shall promptly
and at all times comely. With the same deter
mination, however, we shall resist within
charter lights any unwarranted Interference
from any other source. • \
RESENTS CENSORSHIP.
Resolutions were adopted ratifying
the course of Tax Collector E. J. Smith
in bringing suit against Wells, Fargo
& Co. to recover delinquent taxes and
also requesting him to institute new
proceedings for the recovery of the
taxes, as the real estate owned by the
corporation is not sufficient to satisfy
the delinquency.
Fire Commissioner Parry, Police
Commissioner. Hutton, Commissioner df
Works Casey and Supervisors Bent
and Finn were directed by resolution to
furnish new official bonds owing to- the
Inadequacy of their present security.
The board took up the proposed or
dinance containing rules and regula
tions for the sanitary conduct of
dairies and the handling of milk. After
several sections had been agreed upon
the matter was again referred to the
Health Committee to hear the objec
tions of the dairymen next Wednesday
at 10:30 a. m.
The ordinance fixing the width of the
sidewalks on both sides of Fourth
street at fifteen feet instead of nine
teen as at present was finally passed.
This action is preparatory to the wid
ening of Fourth street by four feet to
relieve congested teaming traffic.
Ordinances were finally passed
changing the name of Condon street
in Precita Valley Lands to Cannon
street; fixing grades on Uri street and
ordering street work on Church, Army.
Clipper and Jersey streets.
Ordinances were passed to print pro
viding for the full acceptance- of
Eleventh avenue between H and I
streets; ordering street work on Twen
ty-sixth avenue, Duboce avenue. North
Point street, Hoffman avenue and Ash
bury street.
Permits were granted for amateur
boxing exhibitions to the Lincoln Club
for August 5 and to the Bay City Club
for August 12.
The City Treasurer was authorized to
accept the sum of $21,649 56 as the per
centage due by the United Railroads
on receipts from several of its lines.
The West of Castro Street Improve
ment Club filed a protest against the
proposed intent of the Board of Edu
cation and Fire Commission to submit
to the voters a charter amendment pro
viding for special tax levies for each
of the departments. The club will use
its best endeavors to defeat the propo
sitions.
The City Attorney was requested to
give an early opinion on another
amendment proposed to be submitted
that city property may be leased for
fifty years providing that the building
erected thereon shall equal in cost the
value of the lot so leased. The amend
ment is designed to permit of an ad
vantageous lease of the Lincoln School
lots on Market street. •
Brandensteln submitted a resolution
which was adopted that the commit
tees on charter amendments and
finance examine and report on the
question of the advisability of amend
ing the charter so as to eliminate the
provisions thereof permitting certain
officials to employ legal counsel at the
expense of the city and of adding to
the charter a section providing that the
functions heretofore discharged by such
counsel be intrusted to the City At
torney.
Providing: that the Board of Supervisors
shall have the power to appropriate from time
to time the Income and revenue from any pub
lic utility.
Creatlns a district within which it is pro
hibited to quarry or crush rock.
Providing that no permit shall be issued by
the Board of Public Works to blast for grad
ing purposes, unless the same is approved by
the Board of. Supervisors.
Providing for progress payments on public
contracts.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print ordinances providing
for the submission to a vote of the
people five proposed amendments to
the charter. The amendments follow:
Providing that In levying the tax rate on
the las; Monday in June that 85 cents thereof
shall be used to pay the running expenses of
the municipal Government and 15 cents for
public improvements and repair of buildings,
streets and sewers.
Proposed Eegulations for
Dairies Again Eeferred
to the Health Committee
NO SPECIAL ATTOENEYS
Supervisors Pass Ordinances
Submitting I{ive Proposi
tions to Municipal Voters
SEEKTO AMEND
CITY CHARTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
Former Commander-in- Chief of Asiatic
Squadron Is One of the Many Inter
esting Paissengers on the Liner China
REAR ADMIRAL COOPER
COMES HOME TO RETIRE
7
SUPERVISORS
ADOPT REPORT
Direct Auditor Not to. Pay
the Salaries, of Non-CMl
Service Health Officials
»
BOAED FILES ITS EEPLY
Claims Eight to Conduct
Its Own Affairs Without
Any Outside Interference
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
by a vote of 11 to 6 adopted the report
of the Finance Committee to the ef
fect that the Health Board is violating
the civil service restrictions and ex
ceeding the~ salary allowances con
tained In the municipal budget and
also directing the Auditor 'and Treas
urer not to pay the salary demands of
certain Health Department employes.
The Health Board filed its answer to
the charges. It defends its course and
incidentally Indulges injeaustic com
ment regarding the motives actuating
the Finance Committee in filing its re
port and particularly- scoring D'An
cona, who prepared the document.
Deputy Health Officer Levy stated
that the Health Board had held a spe
! cial meeting in the morning arid had
! adopted the reply to the report of the
Finance Committee. Levy then read
the report, which, ie in part as fol
j lows: . ' , \
It should be conceded that th« Commission
of Health, as a body of trained physicians, are
b«ttcr Qualified to' Judce of requirement* tor
manacercent of their department, whether It
be for creation of new positions or abollihltuc
those pre-exlatinr. than any one - with less
technical knowledge of the n««5*ltle8^ We
I concede to the Finance Committee the right to
I know of ths honest expenditure of funds, but
! we oppes* the unwarranted interference with
i the internal management ot our commission
j ar.d the unnecessary and obnoxious disregard
I of our limitations.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ¦
EXAMINE YOUR DENTIFRICE:
Add and grit, deadliest' e'nerhles of the
teeth, abound in cheap dentifrices: Fine per-
fumes do not make fine dentifrices.. Ypur
teeth deserve better of you than to be offered
up * sacrifice to your pbeketbobk. J
SO1ODONT
Is of proven value. Sixty years is a pretty
pood test. No acid, no frifln'Sozodont.
The Liquid penetrates the little crevices and
purifies them: the Powder f^ves a' bright
and polished surface. . ; '.. '
3 FORMS : LIQUID, POWDER, PASTE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
was the first maker
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes ; shaving cakes
in 3 sizes.
Pears' Soap established orer 100 years. .
J
Hundreds
of high-grade grocers sell
Sp||| Golden
g^ Gate
(^^ Coffee
Your grocer is one of them—
ask- him.
Sold on Merit,
No prizes. No coupons.
J. A. Folger & Co.
V^ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ML j,Jw O29 HKABXY ST. Kstabllshpd
inrSl 1 " l83 '* f o rlh * treatment of l*rlv»t«
Efl JJlJeSJI Dliieanes. l*o*t Manbood. Debility or
KSBjpaBfl^flNeas* wenrlniron body an<i mind and
tSzaSttt Dinenses. Tbe Doctorcures trhen
3Bw SBothPrs fall. Try him. Charges low.
rvrTll?BPTr* '""•*•» «ti«i'»nlffil. Cull or write.
Or. J. F. UIBBUN, San Francisco, CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
" . • — I Positively cared by
fltprrriVQ these Little Pills.
wMl\l LFVO They also reUeTe Ms-
|"MBn tress trcm. Dyspepsia. In-
B^alTTLE ClgcstloaaiKlToonegrty
ra 1 1/ C" D Eattog. A pertect rcm-
|H5 I V Lli edj for Dizziness, Haasea,
@ PILLS. Drorrstness. Bad Taste
11^ ¦¦ la tiio Moutn. Coated
f _*-' ""-- 1 Tongue. Fain to the side,
l^^ mmm — JTOSFID UVZEL TUfj
regulate tbe Bowels. Pcrelr Vegetable.
SMAaPllL SMALLDOSE. SMALLPB1CE
carters! cpre sick headache »
Bittle Genuine Must Bear
H LYf? Fac-Sinula Signature
H PILLS. Zm -
0MEDA PRICES
CUT TO PIECES
PocoandKorona
Cameras
At Great Reductions
K030KA PETIT CAMERAS
5i«.r . 32* X *¦ :* • R« ? «i»r p~icr , P 9-5O
Our price only >b-35
Kodak Films Developed 15^ Do*.
ip to *nd iacliM/lny *fX5
SUNSLT BA2AAR
42 Third St.* San Francisco
ll~- | L _ l^|__ n,| n | , <—^ n, — «W|I — I "" mi W| * »'~ 111
DR. JORDAN'S grc«t4
oSUSEUi OF ftaATOHYf
/; Q5 iMixi.trrxrr.'itt.etiiri.s.r.ci:. Q
\ C Ttt Utf^rit Aocuulo! Mtueaai In iht \
A ||Aj' World. ,WNktn« m aojr coc:ract«<! n
- fljf*?J r '- : » r *»« r«»*««»"'y t-«r«^ h 7 tk« »liieii T
C £>*%* \ CR ' J2RDAK-DISEASES OF MEN 6
rtf*Ss^3- I ConKiltanoo fret »nd «trl'-tt» pHrxte. \
A I VJVrf f Ti«tn»rn p»nri»: y ot br l««»r. A M
V fl flr \a I ftjinti ftn m «Tcry c»-t andarukea. T
A r 7 II , Sk «ri ( foE<i.Pn)L«««PBV.fA
v * j 1^> ntitni*». MAiLmo rm.tu <AW
A li l± ?«"J»-> bcok lot mm) \
" DO. JUBIt A.3I A *©.. IC31 Market ML. 8. T. 9
t MERCHANT TA'.LORS, \
% 622 Market Street. j!
9 Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HoteL >
"^ SAN FRANCISCO. ?
<^ Novelties in Imported Wear. ;'
STATEMENT
OF THE
OOXDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NEWENGLAND MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
GF BOSTON*. IN THE STATE OF MAS-
iEchusf-tts, en the ."ltt day of December.
A. L». liHC, and for the year ending on that
<iay; tr.ade to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of O.lifornla. pursuant to the re-
•juiremer.ts of Section ti!3 of the Political Code
of ta:d Stale.
ASSETS.
Vet value cf Iteal Estate Owned
by the Company $2,403.642 50
i>litutim of Iv a:.s secured by
Bond ejid Mortgage on Real
K-tate 10.020.275 00
Aa mt of Loans secured by
I ".«;ge of Bonds, Ktocks and
. Um r marketable securities as
-tfral 1.320,340 00
I'r> n:ium -notes a.r.d loan- _n any
firm taken in payment o? prem-
Itum en policies now :n force... 196.CS3 36
Cui rr-arket value cf a!l Stocks
and Bonds cwned bv the Com-
pany 18,503,05100
Amount of Cash deposited In
.Banks . . : 43S.S17 45
lsitcrcit due the Company and
u:paiu 2.0C7 IS
loterest accrued but not due 1SS.2SS S5
SCct amount of rreiniuais in pro-
->;-:- »f coilf^ticn and of tie-
•irrcd premiums 631,503 73
L^*ns Ir.aUe to yollcy holdern on
Con.rany's policies, assigned as
colUtera! 2.053,770 12
Eeata Cut and accrued J5.S34 91
Total Astfcii $3j.7S4.0;0 50
LIABILITIES.
Clr.imy for death losses and ira-
turefl endowments, due and un-
paid •... $208,640 00
C.iiins !•?• death losses and ma-
lured cc4p*'iTiefits in procea of
»djut:t:ncrit, or adjusted but not
due *. 112,846 «0
<iiims reyist^d by the C-jinpaay.. 5,500 00
Nn lirci^:!;t value of a!l the out-
stan<liiig*i>olicies, computed ac-
cording tj the Combined Ei-
r^rieni'e Tables of Mortality,
/.vith 4 i>er cent tnterert 3I.949.4S3 81
A'mount of» all ur.naid dividends
to policy holders 212.647 93
l'rebcnt value of unpaid amounts
on matured Installment pollcie« 6S.220 5?
Alt Olh«r '*: vet 22.06S 29
•Total Liabilities $32,569.400 71
income:. "^ '
Carh r«<"ei\ - ed for Dremiurat on
W»w potictca during the year.. $649,130 76
C**ti rerejved for renewal of
premiums durine the yrar .... 4.2S2.H56 92
C«i!h r«<~elv»<l for Interest 1,358.103 32
fash received for rents 18-J.tJO;; 01
Cash recel\ i ed from all other
•ourres 8,715 37
TcUI lacoree J6,4S3.5OT 35
EXPENDrrrnES. ~— — —
Cfci'h raid for loeses and matured
en«owm«ti $2,478,159 73
Cash paid ¥pr surrendered policies 432.640 62
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders ,--. 543.1C7 13
Commissions paid to arents .... B76.9M 64
Ea:a.!i«-s and other compensation
cf officer* and employes, except
agents and mediciU examiners. 176.181 42
Ealaries and travellns expenses
of mamp-n.' of agencies 66.783 70
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
«ries 67.371 S3
Ca»h paid for taxes 122,04:1 12
Cash raid Icr rents 63,516 30
Cash paid tor commuting corn-
n-.!sslon» 10.534 77
All other cash payments 198,462 79
Total Expenditures during the
>-*ar $4,781.805 30
PREMIUM NOTE ACCOUNT!
Preniluin note« and other'
premium cblicatior.s at
beginning of the year. $228,000 17
Pr»n:ium notes ir.d other
premium obligations r«- /
ceived during the year. '17,022 61
Total $245.052 78
Deductions «urlng the '~~~
: t i-r &.* follows:
Amount of notes and
r.tber premium obllj^i-
tlona u«ed in payment
of loeses and claims... $22,830 73
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in purchase
of surrendered policies. 5.C71 57
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
other prem!usi obliga-
tions %*olde4 by lapse
Amcunt of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by
maker In casb 13.006 47
Total reflnrtion of
Premium Note Ac-
count ; $48,333 43
Balance ret e assets
at end of the year.. $1*6,659 86
BES-J. V. STEVENB.' President.
8. F. TRULL., Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thla 1714
£ay of February. 1904.
JACOB A, BAKBET, Notary Ptifcils.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
818-820 Market St. San Francisco
DOUBLE DAY FREE ¦£* ™JSXS
TO-MORROW SJSE^ l0 amount of
LACE COLLARS. CLEARANCE SALS OF CORSETS.
Just received a beautiful 11ns of new UITDEBTIaB AND PETTICOATS.
Berthas— ¦ ••>».•. «-»rv —
J1.00 Yoke Collars 75c 50c Girdles ,.-v -j»C
J1.25 Yoke Collars 05c Jl-00 Corsets » 42c
$1.50 Yoke Collars St.lO 91. SO Corsets 95c
$1.75 Yoke Collars .Jfcl.l2r» J5 C Vests Oc
. $2.00 Yoke Collars 81.45 2 5c Vests 12%C
HAMMOCKS LOWER. 75c Vests 4oC
Not many of a kind left, but a few of • '*° * e f" ' V ' /JmV»\ fi<5e
- nearly all styles and prices, cut an- » 100 Petticoats (white) €>£c
other notch lower In price this $1.25 Petticoats (white) «-C
week to close them out before the $1.50 Petticoats (white) OoC
season's over. 65 C Petticoats, sateen ...... .-35c
GO-CASTS, 82.75- 85c Petticoats, sateen .". ..5Oc
Folding Go-Carts 90c Petticoats, sateen ~j£ c
Shave been ad- $1.35 Petticoats, sateen 05c
vanced In price $1.75 Petticoats, sateen 81.25
by the various j
factories. We had SCHOOL SUPPLIES.
, the J^S^VSS #^^ We carry the larg-
In advance ana K^ t ir«»ri»tv of
ordered a carload. Jf />f School BaM In
and will sell them fi^fcgJ^S^^f^J the city from
shh HHlli !!5*?"-
neered back Fold- -c««». k-L »V»" '~'r'~
ing Go-Cart. with enameled steel ** ch ' ' 7 • • • • • ;• • • 7 7 -Sc to ,,»C
gear, light weight and light run- Slates and Pencils at lowest prices.
ning r. $2.75 Crayons Per box 5c. lOc. 2Oc
FOB TRAVELERS. Pencils ......... ..^. ............
A eo6d. strong. „ Pe T, d ° z - "f* 1(^ c : loC , 7° c> 3oc
??^ v P as T c r ov U e n re k d
hardwood slats on Colored Pencils ....................
tjrTjLM to P and two a11 Per box. .... -5c. IOC. 15c. 2oc
6\*jfe(lK^ s i'rTJ around body. Rulers..2 for 5c; each O C. lOc. 15c
•SjJrjL-* — "^^ strong steel trim- Blank Books ............ .... -••••-•
mings and bump- Each 5c. 10c. 15c, 2.»C
ers; good lock and bolts and iron Assorted Erasers Each 5c
bottom. Penholders Doz. f>c
28-in. 30-ln. 32-in. Penholders. .2 for 5c; each f»c. lOc
84.OO $4.50 $5.OO School Fountain Pen. guaranteed....
34-in. .36-ln. Sl.OO
»5 5O R6.OO Drawing Sets. from... 35c to $S.OO
Higher grade Trunks at proportion- Smf' BIo i t £ r! ? AL - ;f er pk *- 1Oc
ately low prices. And cheaper ones white and Colored Chalk,
if you want them. nenraoT noon
Chamois Skin Window Cleaners SCHOOI. BOOKS.
Each 4c A complete line for Grammar, Poly-
Sink Brushes Each 4c technic and High Schools at right
Oas Tapers »^. Per' box 4c prices, with our usual special m-
Egg Beaters .Each 4c ducement.
KNIVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
PICTURE FRAMES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS M<DE TO ORngQ.
ffiebestaflaat/i Jsorashore
IS??!! HH H Ba rfi Bm _ m lu £ :.r >> \
tei SHERWOOD and 212-214 MARKET SX mM
PlSi "sUFcwnnn san francisco p^I
¥%m ontrfifuuu ?i6nmainst &%1
gggg) DISTRIBUTORS L05 ANGELES. hPI
OCEAN' TRAVEL.
AMERICAN I.INE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
St. Paul Aug. 6 St. Louis Aug. 20
Philadelphia ..Aug. 13: New York Aug. 27
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha Aug. 6. noon I
Minneapolis 4 Aug. 13, 7 a. m.
Mesaba > Aug. 20 9 a. m.
Mlnnetonka '. Aug. 27. 6:30 a. jn.
DOMINION LIKE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passas<\
Vancouver Aug. 6 Dominion 'Aug. 20
Kensington ...Aug. 13 Vancouver ....Aug. 27
HOLLAND-AMEBZCA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m. •
Rotterdam Aug. 2 Statendam ....Aug. 23
Ryndam Aug. S) Potsdam Aug. 30
Noordam . ...Aug. 13 Rotterdam ...Sept. 6
BED STAB LINE.
Hew York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Aug. 6: Finland Aug. 20
Zeeland Aug. 13 : Vaderland ....Aug. 27
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Yorlr — Que*mtrtown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic. Aug. 3. 10 ami Majestic. Aug. 17,10 am
Celtic... Aug. 5, noon Cedric. Aug. 19 noon
Baltic. Aug. 10. 4 pm ! Oceanic. Aug. 24. 5 pm
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) Aug. 11. Sept. 8, Oct. 6
Cymric Aug. 18. Sept. 15. Oct. 13
Cretic Aug. 25, Sept. 22. Oct. 20
NEW SERVICE FROM BOSTON.
Fast Twin-Screw Steamers .
Of 11,400 to 15.000 Ton*.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA AZORES.
GIBRALTAR, KAPLT1S. GENOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 29, Dec. S
OANOPIC Oct. 8, Nov. 19
First Claw, $65 upward, depending on date.
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave Greenwich-street wharf
(Pier No. 25) at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA and
HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARII •
Monday, August 1. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For frelrht and papsape apply at Com-
nany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
JfamburgStmerican.
¦ Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
•tMoltke .July 28]1[Patricia .....Aug. 13
Bulgaria ......July 30 Hamburg Aug. 18
•Deutschland...Aug. 4 Phoenicia ....Aug. 20
{Pennsylvania. .Aug. 6 "tBluecher ....Aug. 25
•Has grill room and tgymnasium on board.
. f Will call at Dover for London and Paris.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9* and llj.
/yy^L San Francisco:
I *V V^?"^l \"*\ I '* or Ket'-hikan, Vv'rans--!.
I I ViWvl I I June au. Haines, Skaguay
\ \ \"**«Sa/ / etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. .July
\t>\ \\ " )W Zt, 20. Aug. 3. Change to
Wsj|_ this company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver
Port. Townsend. Seattle. Taroma. Kv#rett*
Belllngrham — 11 a. m.. July 24. 29. Aug 2.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
for Alaska ana G. N. Hy.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Rr
For Eureka (Humboldt Bav) — Pomona. r : ;6
P. m.. July 27. Aug. 2. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
July 24. 30. Aug 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port T-os AnceTes and
Redoncio). San Diego and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays, O a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East '
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford tSan
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. July IS. 26, Aug. 3.
Coos ilay. 9 a. m.. July 30. Aug. 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose <1et
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro.
salia. Guaymas* (M«-x.). tO ». m.. 7th ca;-h ir»>.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 130*—
The palatial excursion ««t<*i»in«hl»> Spokane will
leave Tacoma. Seattle and Victoria Aug. 2.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chan«re steamers or sailing date?.
TICKET OrrXCES — 4 New Monts?nm-
ery et. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. PrelgTit Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCC8BICS.5X0. KUM^VrcJg
S S Sonoma, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
'lan'd and Sydney. Thursday. July 23. 2 P. M.
S S. ALAMEPA. for Honolulu. Aug. 8. It A.M
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Augusts. 11 A.M.
J.D.SPHECKELS & BEOS. CO., ACS., TiC^St 02IC3 643 Hir-
iet. Freialii OSes 329 Mattel a, Pier 7, PaciHc sr.
COMPAGNIE 6XHEBALE TRA53ATLAHTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS, ji+y*.
every Thursday ip.3tead of -ACEfi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -^CTP-
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $»5 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coaat
Airents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To IT. S. Havy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st. north end ferry bldg.— Week days.
9:S0 A. "M...3 and *S P. M.; Sundays. 9:30
AM 8 P. M. Leave Vallejo— Week days.
6-30 A*. M . 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundays, 5
P M Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martinez.
COc round trip. PIPER. ADEN. QOODALL
CO.. phone Mam 641. 'Saturday excepted.
To XT. S. Wavy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmrs. General Frlsble. Montlcello and Arrow,
9-45 a. m. 12:30, 3:15. 6, 8:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.):
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallcjo
7 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. (p.m. (ex. Sun.); Bun-
days 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mis-
sion street; phone Main 1503. HATCH BROS*Special Corrwefiondence.
BERLIN. July 9. — Baron Bennig
sen has just been released from pris
on after serving a term of six weeks'
Germany's Baron Tramp.
The Isle of Bardsey, off North Wales,
is the remote home of a singularly iso
lated community, and some of the .In
teresting features connected therewith
are noticed In the Field Naturalists'
Quarterly. The dimensions of Bardsey
are, roughly, two miles In length by
one in width. The inhabitants, who oc
cupy some dozen well-built and com
fortable farmhouses, divide the callings
of farmers and fishermen. "They form
a shy and reserved community, gradu
ally thawing under the influence of in
creased facilities of communication
A Puppet King.
THE Democrats of Missouri, however unwillingly,
have nominated District Attorney Folk of St. Louis
for Governor. He has put a large number of
Democrats in the penitentiary, and even has the Lieu
tenant Governor on the way there, and has driven
many more to such an asylum beyond the reacfrof an
extradition treaty. The widespread corruption of the
party in Missouri, and its extended existence and immu
nity, are amo^g the remarkable conditions in recent
politics. The spectacle of a Lieutenant Governor bar
gaining for a price for his rulings and committee as
signments is nauseating. >'¦'/,:} '¦?&;£.
The work of Mr. Folk has not extended beyond bribe
getting, but if he will improve his opportunity as Gov
ernor to look into th= use made of the public school fund
of the State he will lift the lid off a transaction imrolv
ing a* large number of the eminent men of his party.
The present Governor, Mr. Dockery, had many terms in
Congress, and has not distinguished himself at the head
of the State. .
Mr. Folk must be a better fighter than talker, for his
speech accepting the nomination would be a misde
meanor if there were ..statute to protect the English
language from maltreatment. Thanking the convention,
he said: "This campaign has been waged not for a
man, but for an idea. I have done nothing to merit
this • distinguished distinction," and so -on through sen
tences backstitched, cut bias and built up in defiance of
scowling moods and jtehses; mad at being kicked out of
a place they have held in the language from the time of
Shakespeare. ,
JUDGE PARrfeR is certainly aware that he is a
candidate for the Presidency, whether he is im
pressed or not with the interesting and singular cir
cumstances which surround that candidacy. Mr. Cleve-'
land is putting his dignity to a rather high tension in
urging Judge Parker upon the favor and confidence of
the country. Mr. Belmont and Mr. Dan Lamont, vice
president of one of the railroads in J. J. Hill's celebrated
merger, have sounded the high financiers in New York
and are unable to conceal their pleasure at the promises
of money to grease the Esopus candidacy. One might,
without being uncharitable, harbor a suspicion that there
is an understanding between Mr. Cleveland and his for
mer private secretary and Secretary of War, for he takes
his pen in hand and goes to. print in Collier's Weekly
at the precise time that his former Cabinet Minister
passes the hat. r
Mr. Cleveland declares as to the gold standard that
Judge Parker's telegram filled the plank in the platform,
and that <r no man ever did more for the cause" than the
Judge did by sending that dispatch. Mr. Cleveland is
usually logical, but this gift seems lacking when ;• he
tries to play the politician. If, Judge Parker's telegram
were a heroic thing, what made^it so? If his act were
bravo enough'to deserve all that has been said about it,
what made it brave? If tK Democratic convention fa
vored the gold standard and if that measure of value were
safe in its hands and in the hands of the party it repre
sented, then there was no need of Judge Parker's tele-
WILL PARKER RESIGN?
MISSOURI FOLK.
Lawyers will be interested in the fol
lowing unique decision of a Tennessee
court. In Nashville and K. R. Com
pany vs. Davis, 78 Southwestern Re
porter, 1051, a goose is held not to Ki "an
animal or obstruction." within the Ten
nessee statute (Shannon's Code, sec
tion 1574, subsection 4), requiring the
alarm whistle of a locomotive to be
sounded and the brakes on a train put
down, and every possible means em
ployed to stop the train to prevent an
accident, when "an animal or obstruc
tion" appears on a track. The court
says it is true a goose has animal life,
and in the broadest sense it is an ani
mal, but it does 'not think the statute
requires the stopping of trains to pre
vent running over birds. Birds have
wings to move them quickly from
places of danger, and it is presumed
that they will use -.'.era, though this
may be a violent presumption in the
case of a goose, which appears to be
loth to stoop from its dignity to even
escape a passing train. "But the line
must be drawn somewhere, and' we
are of the opinion that the goose Is a
proper bird to draw it at."
Geese Must Move.
It will be well for. Uncle Sam to keep a sharp look
out along xhe southern border for many moons to come.
A San Francisco lawyer has received a concession from
the Mexican Government to import Chinese coolies and
to establish a "Little China" on the western coast of
our southern neighbor. The Chinese are proverbially
weak under temptation and are of a migratory disposi
tion. In connection with the fact that residence in the
United States 'is more desirable than in Mexico it will
be wise for Uncle Sam to be on guard.
Newfoundland appears to be profoundly dissatisfied
with the trade arrangements that have been made for
her by the mother country and seeks liberty of action
sufficient to permit her to make reciprocal commercial
treaties that will be favorable to her and not disad
vantageous to the United States. As our near^neighbor,
for whom we have great good will and friendship, we
wish Newfoundland all success. She has many things
we want and we have more that she needs.
Magnificence.
A Sheffield firm has received from
an Eastern potentate an order for a
bedroom suit in solid silver. The de
signs are of Oriental character and of
a most elaborate description. It is to
be of solid silver throughout and in
cludes a bedstead, a cabinet, a dress
ing table, a dozen chairs, three foot
baths and three hot water cans. Tho
bedstead is of the most ornate char
acter. Each of the four pillars will b^
surmounted by gracefully molded fe
male figures nearly three feet in
height. The molding of the room and
other decorations will also be in ster
ling silver.
r Anszvers to Queries.
MAGUIRE'S OPERA HOUSE— T. G..
City. Maguire's Bush-street 'Opera
House, San Francisco, was opened May
4. 1374.
BLACK INK— M. S. S.. City. The
addition of sulphate of indigo to ordi
nary black ink will make it a perma
nent black.
DRYING PEARS— E. C. Napa. Cal.
Those who dry pears, pare them, cut
them into quarters, string and then
hang them in a frame to dry. When
dry they are remov 1 from the strings
and packed away. Some use the sul
phur process for the purpose of bleach
ing the dried fruit.
GUIDE BOOKS— S. M. R.. Davisvtlle.
Cal. This department does not adver
tise any business, consequently cannot
"publish the address of a place in San
Francisco where I can procure a guide
book of the city." Such* questions
should be accompanied with a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope for reply
by mall.
RIGHT TO VOTE— C. B.. San Jose.
Cal. No State of the Union can deprive
a citizen the right to vote on the ground
that he is a black man, for the Fif
teenth Amendment to the Constitution
of the United State affirms -that: "The
right of the citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied. or
abridged by the United States, or by
any State, on account of race, color or
previous condition of servitude." In
some of the States citizens, white or
black, are denied the rtgnt of suffrage
by reason of not possessing the quali
fications required by the State Consti
tution, such as inability to read the
constitution in the English language or
write his name. etc.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 71$ Market st -
Special information supplied daily *r»
business houses and public men by tha
Press CUpr>!rgr Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1942, •
All came to the rare old fellow.
Who laughed till his eyes dropped
brine.
And he gave them his hand bo yellow.
And pledged them in Death's black
wine.
Hurrah for the coal-black wine.
— BARRY CORNWALL
The scholar left all his learning.
The poet his fancied woes;
And the beauty her bloom returning.
Like life to the fading rose.
Hurrah for the coal-black wine.
There came to him many a maiden
Whose eyes had forgot to shine.
And widows with grief o'erladen.
For a draught of his coal-black
wine.
Hurrah for the coal-black wine!
King Death was a rare old fellow.
He sat where no sun could shine.
And he lifted his hand so yellow
And poured out his coal-black wine.
Hurrah for the coal-black wine!
King Death.
"The shoemaker to whom I had been j
apprenticed had no need of me when ',
the time came to pay a wage, and he ;
discharged me to make room for an- j
other apprentice. I left the village of i
my birth, which I hated with all my j
heart, and feeling rich in the posses- j
sion of $25 made my way to Berlin. 1
Here I sought occupation as a shoe- !
maker, but found none. When my j
small fund of money became exhausted j
I was forced to find work of some kind, J
and finally, taking advantage of a j
casual chance offered to me, I became \
a waiter in a third-class restaurant in '
a very unfashionable quarter of . the
city.
"After a time the proprietor of the
restaurant, to whom I had shown my j
papers, revealed to some of the regular i
guests of his establishment the secret
Df my rank and birth. From this mo
ment life in the restaurant became un
bearable. The guests used to call me
'Herr Baron,' and some of them who
were rich parvenus took a peculiar de
light in bullying me. The other waiters
made fun of me and soon I quitted the
place in despair.
"In the intervals of unemployment
which had followed on the vacation of
my previous posts, I had enjoyed life
as a gentleman. Both as a waiter and
as a hotel porter I had accumulated
considerable sums of money which en
abled me to live for a time in the style
befitting a Baron. I lived at fashion
able hotels and traveled in the most
luxurious cars to the most expensive
watering places. I ate sumptuous din
ners and gave princely tips to the men
ials who waited on me. Altogether I
lived like an aristocrat and so you can
imagine that it was very difficult for
me to stand on the step of a shabby
omnibus, for instance, and collect one
cent fares. Moreover, it offered me no
opportunities of saving enough money
to enjoy another period of a life of
luxury and so, discontented with my
loss, I abandoned the occupation. From
this period, luck seemed to have turned
against me more than ever.V I suffered
the depths of destitution and turned
my hands to all sorts of occupation.
I went to Hamburg and worked at the
docks as a casual laborer and in the
summer I went down into the country
district and worked as a harvester. The
labor required of me was exhausting
and the kind of occupation did not
suit me at all.
"Rebelling against my fate, I resolv
ed that I would do no more work and
compel society to maintain me. I be
gan to travel about the country, beg
ging enough money to provide for my
maintenance. This mode of life has its
disadvantages, but on the whole I find
it preferable to doing work unsuited to
my aristocratic hands. I live a life of
leisure and my journeys on ; foot lead
me through some of the most beautiful
districts of Germany.- I do not live in
luxury, but I receive sufficient to en
able me to eat and drink and sleep in
comfort.
. The police records reveal that Baron
Benningsen has been imprisoned sixty
two times for mendicancy and wander
ing without visible means of subsis
tence., i . : GEORGE WEISS. .
imprisonment for using a false name.
The Benr.igsen family is one of the
oldest in the nobility of Germany and
this Baron is the present head of the
family.
In the eighteenth century they were
at the zenith of their wealth and
prosperity and kept house in more
than royal style. The present Baron's
grandfather was an Incurable spend
thrift and the reckless way in which
he squandered his princely income in
volved the family property in serious
difficulties. Baron Bennigsen, the
grandfather, in the course of time got
through all his money and had to sell
the family property to cover his
debts. His misfortunes broke his
spirit and ruined his he.-flth and he
died in destitution, leaving his chil
dren without c penny wherewith to
face the world. His son adopted va
rious humble occupations and ended
by sinking Jnto absolute pauperism.
Unaccustomed to hardship and pri
vation, disease overtook him at an
early age end he and his wife, whom
he had married before misfortune
overtook the family, were compelled
to seek refuge in a poorhouse. The
Baron died there at the age of 30,
and his son, the present Baron, was
born in the poorhouse shortly after
liis father's death. His mother died
within a week and Baron Bennigsen
was thus left an orphan. He was
brought up in the poorhouse in com
pany with other juvenile paupers.
Questioned after his release from
prison a few days ago. Baron Ben
nigsen, who Is now 45 years of age,
gave the following account of his life:
"My first recollection is that I was
the smallest inmate of the poorhouse :
in which I was born. The old pauper
women in the institution looked after
me and I had not a bad time. Every
one in the place knew that I was a
Baron, for toy birth certificate and
my family papers were in the cus
tody of the officials there,, and no
doubt whatever existed regarding my
claim to rank and title. At an early
age I can remember being sent to the
little pauper school attached to the in
stitution,-where* I, in company with
other born destitutes, received the be
ginning of an education. Later I had
to go to the public state* school in the
village and here my troubles began.
I had to wear a little suit of uniform
indicating that I was a pauper and I
etlll have a keen recollection of the
scorn with which the elder children
looked down on me. They bestowed
on me such names as 'pauper brat,'
'pauper foundling,' 'charity boy* and
ao on. I remember how keenly I felt
the humiliation and how bitterly I re
sented the hard fate which bad made
me inferior to the children of agri
cultural peasants and laborers.
"At the age of 14 years the official in
charge of the poorhouse summoned me
to him to discuss Tny future. He told
me that although I was born a Baron
I had neither money nor property nor
the protpect of ever getting either, and
that in these circumstances I should
have to work 'to earn my living. Be
BARON BENNIGSEN. THE ECCENTRIC. WHO HAS THE DISTINCTION OF BE
ING THE ONLY "WORT WILLIE" OF GERMANY'S TITLED CLASS, AND
THE POORHOCSE WHERE HE WAS BORN.
IF Lochiel is around he may consider himself warned.
A Cuban prophet caught the veil of the future raised
for a moment and took a peep behind it. There he
saw the United States at war with Cuba, Germany,
France and Mexico, and getting whipped. After that we
gave up to Mexico all that we took from her by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, including California. Cuba
incorporated Porto Rico, San Domingo and Hayti.
Mexico became the leading power of the hemisphere and
Uncle Sam went over the hill to the poorhouse.
The prophet, not necessarily for publication but as
evidence of good faith, says that he is our friend and is
really sorry for what is coming upon us, for which
thanks. If he could only have held the curtain up long
enough to let us know what Europe ate while fighting'
us it would affect the grain and meat market. Outside
of Russia there is not a European country that can feed
its people during war. or peace. They depend upon the
United States.
The prophet seems to have but little idea of the mili
tary problem involved. The transporting of troops 3000
miles in sufficient numbers to make any impression here
is an impossible task. We could be annoyed by a naval
power in Hawaii and the Philippines, but as for pene
trating our continental position it is impossible. We are
inclined to the opinion that the Cuban prophet has ma
laria and a torpid liver. For one thing we are all obliged
to him. He says that all these things will come to pass
in three or four years, so that most all of us will be here
to see the show.
A VISION OF BLOOD.
"Si, Senor McCarthy." said the priest.
"Then you better lay in five days'
grub and enough morphine to keep your
nerves steady," said "Bones."
tier. One day he arrived at Fort Yuma,
dirty and bedraggled, and reported to
the commandant that his team and two
wagons, loaded with provisions, had
been swept into the air by a cyclone.
An investigation was made. but
"Bones' " account could not be dis
proved. A report was accordingly made
to the War Department and it is now
of record. In later years "Bones" ad
mitted that he sold the outfit to a gang
of Mexican smugglers.
When "Bones" was dying a Mexican
priest, anxious to save a soul. Invaded
the adobe and offered to hear the old
man's confession.
"Want to hear my confession?" asked
"Bones" in a faint voice.
HE REPORTED THAT HIS TEAM
HAD BEEN HIT ' BY A CY
CLONE.
The Board of Supervisors and the Mayor have be
come involved in a quarrel over a boxing permit that
promises well to injure if not destroy the profession of
plug uglies in San Francisco. Let us be thankful for
this unexpected co-operation of the authorities in' an
affair that deeply affects the good name of the city. Let
both sides be stubborn in their fight and neither grant a
concession to the other until pugilism in San Francisco
has become a disagreeable but rapidly fading memory.
A -woman who was in Port" Arthur
during the bombardments by Admiral
Togo is quoted in the Philadelphia
Ledger, describing the curious effect
produced on cats by the cannonade.
"I was at my window during each,
bombardment," she has related, "but
only through the day, because at night
I did not dare to stir out of bed. la
front of me there was a little roof on
which five or six cats of the neighbor
hood collected. Each time there was
a bombardment the cats duly arrived
and, having observed them, I on the
second occasion proceeded to watch
them. With my family we passed the
hours looking at them. At each gun
shot the cats arched their backs and
stiffened their legs and seemed both
terrified and furious. Then when a
hissing shell arrived it gave the sig
nal for a frightful battle. They
jumped at each other, raging like ti
gers, and seemed to hold each other
responsible for what was taking place.
The effect was so comical that we
could not help laughing, although the
occasion did not inspire gayety. After
having fought the cats retired for a
while, as though bewildered, but an
pon as the bombardment began again
they went through the same business.
Each time it was always the same."
Cannonade on Cats.
The island is the property of Lonl
Newborough and was a favorite resort
of his grandfather. He it was who in
stituted the office of king. Selecting
from the islanders one of superior parts
and character, he invested him with
the general authority whlili he him
self possessed as landlord and appoint
ed him as head man, bidding the re«t
to obey his ruling, abide by hia deci
sions in case of dispute and in general
respect his authority. Partly in jest,
partly no doubt to strengthen his vice
gerent's position, he conferred upon him
the title of "King of Bardsey." and be
stowed also upon him a crown, a
treasure and an army. The "crown"
was a gorgeous diadem of brass, won
drously embossed and wrought; tho
"treasure" a silver casket brought from
Italy and the "army" a wooden figure
painted to represent a soldier.
For many years the "king" ruled in
Bardsey under the guidance of hl3
munificent patron, and the title and re
galia are still held by his son. a pic
turesque old peasant. Lord Newborough
died in 1SS8 and was buried on the isi
and.
with the outer world, but still holding
aloof." Bardsey boasts a "king." an.l
the history of the Bardsey throne la
somewhat remarkable.
THE filling of the seat in which Senator Bard has
faithfully served is a public issue now before the
people of California. When we elect a Senator
we do a larger thing than appears to a majority of the
people. Many have come to look upon it in the same
light as the election of a Representative to the House,
the only difference being that there are fewer Senators
and the term is four years longer. But that is not the
correct view. We elect a Senator of the United States
from the State of California. A Representative is justi
fied in his own State if he give faithful attention to the
needs of his own district. But a Senator must not only
include among his official cares his State; he must be dili
gent and dutiful and watchful of the larger interests of
the United States, for he is sent by his State to be a
Senator of the United States.
This further dignity admonishes the people to select
a Senator with care and with due regard to his charac
ter, industry, training and experience. The Senate is
the greatest business body in the world. While the con
stitution compels revenue bills to originate in the House,
where they are licked into shape by the Committee of
Ways and Means, that is the only House committee* that
has primacy over any committee of the Senate. The
House is so large a body that it is unworkable, and its
business is done by a few members of exceptional ca
pacity for work. Each in his day, 31aine and Randall,
Carlisle and Cannon, were the mechanics of the House,
with a larger grasp of its business than any others, and
each in the fullness of time had his reward.
But when legislation goes to the Senate from the
House and is added to the vast mass that originates in
the upper chamber, there are fewer men to work, and
therefore there are more workers than in the House.
Indeed, every Senator has to work. Reputations are not
made by making speeches, but by patient and constant
attention to the vast voltime of the public business of
the country that pours into the Senate for final adjust
ment.
It is true of every Senator that he gives more hours
a day to the duties of his office than«he ever gave to his
private business. A faithful Senator is the hardest
working public officer in the world. These explanations
are made to disclose the mistake in that view; of the
Senatorship that treats it as a place to sit still and shine.
This State has need of Senators, and the United States
looks to California to do her duty in delegating men
to that high function.
The first thing to be remembered is that while geog
raphy has no relation to fitness, it has a great deal to
do with the temper and mood in which a selection is
to be made. Southern California never had a Senator
until White's time. Both Senators, from the beginning,
had been claimed and taken by Northern California.
Southern California representation has been continued
by the selection of Senator Bard, and it should be per
petuated by conceding- the'- next Senator to the south.
He must be a Republican. The existing and future in
terests of the State require that he should be in accc-d
with the party majority in the Senate, of which there
is no present prospect of change.
Not only must the Republican party select a Senator,
but it must go forward in such spirit and fairness as
will permit tho best selection to be made. Northern
California has now one Stnator and a Cabinet officer, the
Governor and the Lieutenant Governor. So highly has
the policy of concentration been applied that the Gov
ernor, Cabinet officer and Senator are all from one
county, while the Lieutenant Governor is located not
far away. It is just to Southern California to admit
that her splendid Republican vote gave us the present
State administration. She t has now one Senator, and
that situation should be left undisturbed.
When ' Southern California selects the man desired to
represent their people and the Republican party of that
end of tne State, there should be amiable acquiescence
in the choice. We puf stress upon the point that this
concession be understood now, and that Southern Califor
nia understand now that she is entitled to one seat in
the Senate and that the Republican party of the State
will abide by that. understanding, and awaits the indica
tion of her choice. We^do not put this forward to pa
tronize Southern California or as a matter of tolerance,
but as a matter of right and of justice, which the party
will contest or deny to its own injury and that of the
State. There are able men in Northern California who
aspire to the Senatorship. It is a laudable ambition, but
nothing is more laudable than justice, and in politics
nothing pays a bigger dividend.
asked me if I had a taste for any par
ticular kind of work, but my recollec
tion is that I had a distinct dislike of
every kind. However, I had to learn
something In the way of a .trade, and
a year later I was apprenticed to the
village shoemaker,; who received a pre
mium from the local authorities for un
dertaking my technical education.
"In course of I learned how
shoes are made, and I manufactured
hob-nailed, boots for the rustic field
workers. After being an apprentice for
four years I attained my freedom, as
the phrase goes, at the age of 19 years,
and the poorhouse, which had hitherto
supervised my upbringing and educa
tion, now turned me adrift in the world
to seek my own fortune. Summoning
me to his august presence, the chief
official of the poorhouse handed me the
sum of $25 and a certificate testifying
that I was discharged from the insti
tution with a good character. He also
gave me a. bundle of my family papers
and explained to me how and where I
could obtain other authentic copies if I
needed them.
"Word has come from Arizona that
"Bones" McCarthy is dead. "Bones"
was esteemed universally as the wick
edest old man. that ever lived, and even
at that he was liked. The number of
his years nobody knew, but about 4 per
cent of his record is embalmed in the
memory of the old-timers in the Terri
tory. He was generally accredited with
being the first white child born in cap
tivity. Some claimed that he was the
first man "to warm up the Colorado
River so that the fish grew soft. These
reports may be taken for what they
are worthy but one of the authenticated
scraps of his past life may be inter
esting:.
While he was in his prime he droye a
twenty-four-mule team for the Govern
ment on the overland trail, which was
the only avenue in those days for con
veying supplies to the troops at the mil
itary posts on the Southwestern fron-
An Arizona Bad Man.
THE SOUTH AND T&E SENATOR*
gram, for nothing was in danger, and heroes, rushing
to the rescue, were not in demand.
Quite unconsciously Mr. Cleveland makes it plain that
the party was not in favor of sound money and was as
deep in financial heresy as it was in 1896 by lauding
the great service performed by Judge Parker's telegram!.
But what will the country think about it? What au
thority-has the candidate to fill blanks in the platform?
If he may will things into it he may also take things out
of it. Mr. Cleveland does not intend it so, but he is
directly encouraging something that is fatal to political
good faith.' . . . •'
If Judge Parker alone can commit his party to one 1
principle against its will, he may do as he pleases with
every declaration it has made. It is natural that Mr.
Cleveland should take that view of it. He worked a good
deal at filling blanks. himself when in the Presidency, but
his party would not permit "itself to be guided by the
filling he put in the blanks, nor is there any reason to
believe that it will take any more kindly to Judge Par
ker's dictation. The high financiers are not giving mil
lions to help the Democratic party, but to try and elect
a candidate who will^et his party do the blustering
while he "restores confidence" by justifying the good
opinion of him expressed by J. J. Hill and John D.
Rockefeller.
While all these signs and tokens interest the poli
ticians, the people are curious to know why Judge Par
ker does not resign from the bench. He is paying no
attention to his judicial duties. His mornings are given
up to breakfasts on his yacht with politicians. At noon
time he lunches with politicians at the house of his
friend Sheehan. In the evening he dines with Belmont
at his own table. ,He is in politics as much as any Presi
dential candidate ever was. Why doesn't he resign from
the bench? Even Mr. Cleveland confesses that up to
the time the gold telegram was sent the Judge's silence
was embarrassing, but he thinks that thunderbolt made
up for lost time and fell upon "the dust and swelter" of
the convention like a wet mop.
The activity of Mr. Cleveland has one motive that is
not declared. The prominence in the convention of
David B. Hill has renewed their old antagonism. The
ex-President was always more likely to impair his dig
nity by expressing his resentment than in any qther way.
He resents Hill's prominence, as a backer of Parker,
hence<these political letters. But why does he not ad
vise Judge Parker to leave the bench?
THE SAN FRANCJSCO:, GALL, TUESDAY, JULY 2C, 1904. ,
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor > ? . .y..,. . . . Address All Comnumications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office . .:...... Third and Market Streets. S. F.
TUESDAY v .. ......^. ............. JULY 26, 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESAmerican Quartet,
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pan-
F. P. Katz yesterday began suit in
the Superior Court to recover $9125 15
from Tillmann & Bendel. He alleges
that he entered into a contract with
the firm on August 8 of last year to
seli a certain brand of whisky in San
Francisco, Oakland and the suburbs.
He was, he says, to receive $6500 and
expenses for the first year's services
and $7500 and expenses the second
year. He entered upon his employ
ment in September last, but was dis
charged, he declares, without reason
on May 31. For failure to keep him in
the position ad contracted for two
years the damgea'are demanded.
Whisky Drummer Sues.
Officers of the internal revenue de
partment still have possession of the
vineyard and distillery plant of J.
Matte at Red Bank, four miles east
of Folsom, awaiting: the action of the
Treasury Department at Washington,
D. C.
Should Matte be unable to induce
the Government to allow him to com
promise his offense on payment of a
stiff money penalty the distillery and
plant will be declared confiscated and
sold for the benefit of the Govern
ment. The property Is valued at $20,
000 and is heavily mortgaged. It is
probable Matte will lose it all. He
has been in business for twenty-five
or thirty years and it is believed that
the illicit selling of brandy has been
going on for the last two or three
years.
Matte concealed a large quantity of
grape brandy in the cellar of his res
idence in a canyon near the vineyard
and sold some of it to Chinese in the
vicinity for $1 per gallon. This rate
was 10 cents less than the Govern
ment tax. The remainder he shipped
to one Steinkamp in Sacramento, who
"distributed" It at the same price.
Has Been Engaged In Selling Grape
Brandy at a Dollar Per Gal
lon for Years.
MATTE 3IAY LOSE HIS
DISTILLERY PLANT
A petition was filed yesterday In the
Superior Court for the sale of the hat
stock of the late Wolf Fleisher, who
left a large estate, which promises to
be troublesome to the heirs. The pe
tition was filed by Barney Fleisher,
son, and Rose Bush and Miriam Levy,
granddaughters of the deceased, who
set forth that since Fleisher's death
the hat business at 217 Pine street
has been carried on by his widow,
Esther Fleisher, in an unbusinesslike
manner, and that owing to her inex
perience the estate. is suffering and
the stock Is likely to become shop
worn. In the appraisement of the
estate the value of the hat stock was
placed sU $25,204 80, but It is stated
that the debts against the estate
amount to $56,000 and there: are not
sufficient funds on hand with which
to meet them.
A further indication of the interest
the son and granddaughters take in
the affairs of the estate is found ¦ in
the objection they filed yesterday, to
the payment, of $385 to H. Barrett
and B. N. Wascerwitz for their ser
vices in appraising the stock. - The
protestants 'aver that the services
were not worth more than $260.., .
Court Petitioned for Permission to
Dispose of Business of Wealthy
Dealer.
FLEISHER HEIRS WANT I
LARGE HAT STOCK SOLD
The other day H. F. Hobson, on be
half of 374 Chinese contract-holders,
began suit to recover the money paid
in. It is said upon his authority that
other suits will be begin shortly on
behalf of other purchasers of unre
deemed contracts and that proceed-"
Ings by the Attorney General may be
commenced to-day to revoke the li
cense of the company. It is also stated
that the advertisements of the concern
have been forwarded to the Postofflce
Department" for the purpose of shut
ting the contract-makers out of the
mails.
It is stated by tho3e who represent
the Chinese that Tong King Chong is
in the deal for more than 1000 of his
fellow ' countrymen, and that one
Chinaman, who received $85 for a con
tract, has since sunk more than $600
in trying to ;'get equally large divi
dends.
A motion was made in Judge Ker
rigan's court yesterday to oust Thomas
Quinn as receiver of the Pacific States
Mercantile Company and the court will
hear more of the matter to-day. The
Judge, when shown one of the com
pany's contracts, found it unnecessary
to hear any argument as to whether
or not It was against public? policy.
A host of persons claiming to be vic
tims of a get-rich-quick scheme are
attempting to get redress from the
company and to prevent its evasion of
obligations. The concern is said to
have offered to give $100 worth of
merchandise for $50, to be paid in
thirty installments. According to
those who have failed to achieve their
expectations, the company held out
60 per cent of all the payments for its
own use.
leged Victims of a Get-Rich-
Quick Company.
Lively Litigation Promised by Al-
CONTRACT CONCERN WANTS
TO GET RID OF RECEIVER
Famous Naturalist Dead.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, July 25. —
Dr. Philippe, the renowned naturalist,
is dead.
SANTA ROSA, July 25.— Miss Carrie
Burgess of Calistoga died at Dillons
Beach yesterday from ptomaine poison
ing and her body was shipped home
to-day. Death was caused by eating
canned tomatoes.
Dies of Ptomaine Poisoning.
Youth Beaten by Roughs.
On leaving the Union Iron Works,
after having applied for work, Wil
liam Enrico. 18 years of age, of 420
fireen street, was set upon yesterday
morning by a crowd of roughs about
his own age. The reason for the at
tack was that the hoodlums believed
Enrico had applied for the position
one of the gang had been discharged
from. Enrico's injuries were attend
ed at the Potrero Hospital by Dr.
Bueil. The police are unable to make
crrests, as the injured boy cannot
identify his assailants.
As to the horse the Sheriff says he
does not know where it is; that when
he was sailing through ; the air he
caught a momentary glimpse of a
buggy with a horse ahead of it dis
appearing over the hill.
They were removed to their respec
tive homes and Dr. Edward Lagan
was summoned. Dr. Hugh Lagan's
injuries were found to be extremely
painful and it is thought that the
spine was affected by his fall. Sheriff
Curtis was considerably bruised, but
his injuries are not serious and he
will be out in a few days.
The drive was enjoyed by both oc
cupants of the light bu^gy until the
junction of Fillmore and Waller
streets was reached, when an auto
mobile came on the scene. The smoke
and noife of the machine were too
much for the spirited animal's nerves
and he bolted. Sheriff Curtis tried to
check the runaway, but one of the
reins broke and the horse dashed on
uncontrolled. A consultation that
did not occupy many seconds -s fol
lowed by a Jump from the rapidly
moving .buggy. Both men landed
heavily on the ground, Dr. Lagan fall
ing on his side.
Sheriff P. J. Curtis on Sunday af
ternoon prevailed upon Dr.^Hugh La
gan to take a ride with him, as he
was going to try out .a new horse he
had just purchased. The Sheriff is
now at his home, 2171 Twenty-fifth
street, with, cpurtplaster and bandages
distributed over his anatomy, while
the doctor is at his own residence,
2686 Howard street, w-th much the
same decorations for the wounds and
bruises on his body.
New Horse Becomes Frightened and
They Jump From the
Bufffiry.
SHERIFF CURTIS AJVD
DR. IiAGAN ARE INJURED
OAKLAND, July 25.— William Wag
ner, a pioneer of 1S49 and a prominent
capitalist of this city, who was the
founder of building and loan associa
tions in this State, died suddenly this
morning from heart disease at his resi
dence, 869 Campbell street. Mr. Wag
ner had been in ill health, but his death
was not expected. He had eaten a
hearty breakfast and was stricken a
few minutes afterward. **•;
Born seventy-six years ago at Heidel
berg, Germany, Wagner came to this
country as a boy and settled in Phila
delphia, where he married the wife
who survives him. The gold excite
ment in California attracted young
Wagner and he sailed for El Dorado,
arriving by ship via Cape Horn in 1849.
Wagner established the first candy fac
tory in San Francisco, his shop on
Montgomery street being lapped by
the waves of the bay. For many years
he was in business, making successful
Investments in realty both in San Fran
cisco and in this city, long his home.
Twenty-five years ago he retired from
active affairs, but continued to interest
himself in building and loan associa
tions. He organized the first one of
these institutions formed in California.
Besides the surviving wife there are
four children, William S. Wagner,
Charles F. Wagner, Mrs. Henry Huf
schmidt and Mrs. George J. W. Stark.
The funeral arrangements have. not
been completed.
William Wagner, Founder of
Building Associations,
Passes Away.
WILLIAM WAGNER. PIONEER AND
CAPITALIST, WHO DIED SUD
DENLY AT OAKLAND
W. H. Langdon, Superintendent of
Schools, together with School Director
Cecil W. Mark and Thomas F. Boyle,
acting president of the Board of Edu
cation, spent the entire day on a round
of visits to the several schools. Among
the schools visited were the Dudley
Stone Primary, Crocker Grammar,
Hamilton Grammar, Horace Mann
Grammar, Mission High, Lowell High
and Girls' High School. They found
a large increase in attendance at all
the schools, but especially at the high
schools. The Crocker and the Hor
ace Mann, the latter having the sixth,
seventh and eighth grades, were the
most crowded among the grammar
schools. The same condition extended
to the Polytechnic High School.
/ At the Dudley Stone School, on
Haight street, the one session usually
held has been divided. The higher
grades have the first and the lower
grades the latter portion of the day.
This Is done to give all the pupils
some part of the day in school and
to prevent uncomfortable crowding.
This system may not last more than
two weeks, as by that time it is hoped
the congestion will be cleared.
The Richmond Primary School is be
ing raised, and for the next month
the pupils will attend at three build
ings in the vicinity which have been
hired by the Board of Education.
After a vacation of bIx weeks — short
ones to the children and of Intermina
ble - length to the grpwn-ups— the
school season opened yesterday morn
ing. Crowds of children of all sizes
made their way to the schools and the
teachers were kept busy { enrolling
them, answering the questions of anx
ious mothers and getting the classes
started in their lessons.
Fannie Eltringham's complaint for
divorce against her husband, Robert,
first charges him will calling her a fool
and then goes on to say that he left
her "overwrought" to entertain a
houseful of guests. The other allega
tions include a threat to '.'smash her
face" and an invitation for her to come
downtown and meet a lawyer, so they
could be divorced. They were married
cm April 19 last.
Other divorce suits were begun yes
terday by Rose Combers against George
Combers, for cruelty; Corabel Martin
against Charles S. Martin, intemper
ance; Theresa M. J. Rust against C. A.
Rust (known as Christian Anderson),
cruelty.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Troutt to Maybell Arnheim from Mor
ris Arnheim, for cruelty; to Louisa
Hansen from Fred Hansen, neglect; to
G. P. White from L. N. White, deser
tion; by Judge Hunt to Sarah Keton
from Henry Keton, neglect.
Alma Fried Tornstrom, whose hus
band, the captain of the schooner Lud
low, sued her for divorce on the ground
of infidelity, and who answered him
•with denials and countercharges of
cruelty, yesterday gave notice that on
Friday next she would move the court
to award her $200 for attorney's fees,
$50 for costs and $100 a month alimony
pending the hearing of the case. Torn
strom filed an answer to her cross
complaint and denied all of the inhu
man acts charged by his wife as hav
ing been committed during the cruises
of the schooner. He also denied the
ownership of money, income and^ in
terest in the boat from which she' ex
pects to get her alimony.
She Eays that she waited for him
"at her accustomed seat at the win
dow," and indulging in the hope that
he might change his course of con
duct, she greeted him in a pleasant
manner. He did not respond to the
salute and when she met him at the
door he brushed past and locked him
self in a room until morning. Then he
had breakfast alone and left the house
without speaking to her.
In February a male heir was born.
Until the eleventh hour Ryan had pro
vided no means for clothing for the
expected little one, and the babe was
provided for only by the efforts of the
wife and her relatives. And for four
weeks after the youngest Ryan opened
his eyes to the* fogs of San Francisco
there was no money for his proper
care. The husband's ability to have
done otherwise is set forth in the
statement that he receives a salary of
$175 a month, has $3500 In bank 'and
owns two lots in Alameda.
Continuing her charges, Mrs. Ryan
declares that, without consulting her,
Ryan arranged for a christening and
invited a host of friends to the house
and ordered an abundance of liquid re
freshments for their delectation. Her
objections were overruled in anger.
Finally he is said to have abandoned
wife and babe on April 8 in "cold blood
and in a cool and cruel manner." She
asks for $50 a month alimony and at
torney's fees.
CALLED HER A FOOL.
Among the tragedies and comedies
of the divorce court the sympathetic
have a chance to weep and the scof
fers to laugh in the complaint filed
yesterday by Maud Ryan against her
husband Patrick. The complaint would
serve as a sketch for a "problem nov
el." The wife sets forth that they were
married in November, 1902. In March
of the following spring the yoke be
gan to gall. The husband exhibited a
violent rage because the wife requested
a tew cents "with which to buy house
hold furniture."
Last summer, according to the com
plaint, they went to the Sierra Moun
tains to spend a vacation. The wife
was in delicate health. After two
weeks among the peaks and pines, it is
said, the husband desired to change
the scene of his rural pleasures to a
point in Lake County. They boarded
a train, but, according to the wife's
averments, he was talkative and noisy
and made remarks which the passen
gers heard and which subjected her
to deep humiliation. When they ar
rived on the San Francisco side of the
ferry Ryan is said to have declared
that he would take the Lake County
outing alone. The wife was duly
shocked, but went home and waited
for two weeks until his return.
WAITED BY THE WINDOW.
To Mrs. Levy he shows further grati
tude for attentions by bequeathing her
his books, pictures and other personal
effects, including his decoration of
Chevalier of St. Gregory, and feeling
that he had provided sufficiently for
the Levys he gives to their child, Lu
cille, a picture of himself by Slckelcow,
a Florentine pin and his gold cuff but
tons. /
Yoell's various churchly bequests are
as follows: Five hundred dollars to the
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum for
boys at San Rafael: $500 to the same'
organization for girls at South San
Francisco, $200 to the parish priest in
whose church he might die for masses
for the repose of his soul, $300 to the
Jesuit order at 214 Hayes street for
masses, $100 for the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of St. Ignatius Church for religious
rites and preparation for the transmis
sion of his body to Santa Clara and
$300 for the purchase of a burial lot In
the Catholic cemetery at Santa Clara.
The residue of the estate goes as fol
lows: Twenty-five per cent to Emily
F. Dunn, 15 per cent to Rodney Yoell,
15 per cent to Mary G. Parkhurst, 15
per cent to Charles S. Levy, 15 per cent
to Herbert A. Yoell and 15 per cent to
William A. Yoell. /
MRS. LEVY GETS MORE.
John H. Yoell, a son, is cut off with
out a penny, the father stating that he
has given him and paid out for him
"large sums of money, greatly in excess
of any share he could possibly have" in
the estate. He also says that his
daughter, Emily F. Dunn, has received
real estate and money equal in value to
her share, and he leaves her nothing.
To Gertrude Ellen Yoell, Beatrice Ellen
Yoell and Mary G. Parkhurst he gives
$5000 each, and $5000 to his son, William
Alfred Yoell. A half-interest in his
Santa Clara realty is bequeathed to his
grandson, Rodney Yoell.
Discussing his attitude toward his
son, Herbert A. Yoell, the deceased pio
neer says: "Having great fear that any
sum I might have left to him would
never be of any benefit to his wife or
child, I give to my grandson, Law
rence Yoell, $5000," and if any other
children are born the amount is to be
divided.
Yoell's last testament was dated Jan
uary 27 of this year. After stating that
he had satisfied his wife's claim upon
his estate by agreement and court de
cree he proceeds to devise the moat
valuable portion of the remainder to
his daughter, Evaline Amelia Levy,
who, he says, "has been kinder to mo
and rendered me more services and
comfort than all of my children put
together." To this dutiful daughter he
leaves an undivided half Interest in the
property on Montgomery street, south
of the corner of Bush,
To his daughter, Hettie Theobald, he
leaves a half interest in »the property
on Post street, near Jones; to his
daughter, Alice V. Yoell, a half interest
in the southwest corner of Sutter and
Larkin streets.
WIFE'S CLAIM SATISFIED.
J. Alexander Yoell, the Santa Clara
pioneer, who died at Highland Springs,
in Lake County, on July 15, exercised
unusual care in weighing the merits
and rights of those who were to share
his fortune after he died. His will
was filed yesterday, together wlth% the
petition of his daughter, Evaline A.
Levy, for its admission to probate. She
said his real property in San Francisco
is worth $160,000, his personal property
535,000 and his realty in San Jose $5000:
The inventory will probably disclose a
larger valuation.
Yoell was twice, married and before
his death deeded a half of his estate to
his last wife. Emily Yoell. On that
account he found it unnecessary to
provide for her in the will and for the
same reason he found it necessary to
look after the interests of his children
by the first marriage on the ground
that he understood that they would
inherit nothing f rcm .Mrs. Yoell. He
leaves several charitable bequests to
Catholic organizations and makes
ample provision for masses in repose
of his soul. He names his daughter,
Mrs. Levy, as executrix and admon/
ishes her to be guided in the adminis
tration of the estatJ by his "good
friend, D. M. Delmas."
Both Smith and White were then
placed under arrest. The women were
sent back to San Francisco by a spe
cial boat. This put a stop to the most
sensational affair that has ever oc
curred in army life on this coast. The
charges to be brought against White
at the court-martial are of drawing a
deadly weapon with intention of shoot
ing, not only a brother officer, but also
an officer who was in charge of the
camp. Major William Black, the com
mander of the camp, was away from
the post at the time.
The president of the court-martial
appointed to try White and Smith will
be Colonel Charles Morris, artillery
corps, and the judge advocate of the
court will be Captain John J. Brad
ley. Fourteenth Infantry.
The whole armv contingent located
Jn and about this department is in
censed over the proceedings, which, ac
cording to report, for total and utter
disregard of the dignity of their sur
roundings and the uniforms they wore
has hardlv a parallel in array circles.
The cape of White is said to be a
perious one. When the midnight car
nival was at its height at the Dis
charge Camp last week, and when the
revelers were in the midst of their or
gies. Lieutenant H. A- Hanigan is re
ported to have burst open the door.
He w#as met with a sight that he will
pever forget. Confusion reigned. Scan
tily clad women were dancing to the
music of lascivious songs. For the
moment the commands of Lieutenant
Hanigan to desist from the wild rev
elries were unheeded. Suddenly, it is
reported. White drew his sword, and
then casting that aside, drew his re
volver and threatened to Ehoot Hani
gan if he dared to enter the room.
b'mith realized the situation and
dr.shed the gun from White's hand.
The escapades of Lieutenants Wil
liam W. "White and Charles F. Smith
at Angel Island have landed them face
to face with a court-martial.
White's trial is set for 10 o'clock to
morrow morning. Smith's case will be
called as soon as the papers can be
prepared.
General MacArthur has shown great
forbearance toward both these young
oflicers. When the first scandalous
proceedings at Fort McDowell were
brought to his notice he tempered-jus
tice uith mercy, and temporarily let
the matter rest. Ke hoped that the
officers would see the errors of their
nays and redeem themselves from
their unenviable position. It is charged,
however, that they have added insult
to injury by the recent gross and aban
doned orgies at the Discharge Camp.
Crowded Condition of All
Grades Leads to Several
Changes in Its Plans
Mrs. Levy Is Chief Legatee
and One Son Is Cut Off
Without Single Bequest
He Tires of the Mountains
and Leaves Wife Alone.
Other Marital Troubles
Escapades of Officers Will
Bring Out Great Amount
of Sensational Testimony
YOELL'S WILL FILED
CHARGES ARE SERIOUS
BOARD YISITS SCHOOLS
VACATION IS A FAILURE
Eich Pioneer Leaves Most
Property to the Daughter
Who Gave Him Comfort
Children Eeturn to Their
Studies After Short Six
Weeks' Period of Idleness
Mrs. Ryan Makes Several
Complaints of /Husband's
Many Acts of Neglect
Lieutenants W. W. White
and C. F. Smith to Be Tried
for OfFeiLses at Angel Island
GIVES REWARD
FOR KINDNESS
C0URT-MART1AL
FOR LIBERTINES
BABE'S CLOTHES
NOT PROVIDED
VACATION OVER,
SCHOOLS OPEN
IV.- . . . - . . - : • - . ¦ ; - - ¦ ¦ v ,-.,¦. . y , „ ,,.,,...,.-»
¦ THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, (JULY 26, 1904.
LOAN SOCIETY
PROMOTER DIES
AT RIPE AGE
9
GRAPE-XT7TS.
Brains
Grow |
Dull
from steady work.
Ever notice the fag?
That's because you forget
to use the
RIGHT FOOD
to rebuild the daily waste
of the soft gray matter
That's the Mission of
Grape=Nuts
made of selected elements
which surely and perfectly
feed and rebuild the soft
gray filling of the Brain.
WHY?
There's a Reason
D -
you may be sure. You can
prove the facts by a io days'
trial and can learn the
reasons in detail and plainly
?.old in the little book in
each pkg. You can have
Keen. Sharp, Money-
making Brains
y AMUSEMENTS.
, This Week Only— Matinee Saturday!
I MR, JAMES NEIJII
i In Harriet Ford's Great Play,
[A GENTLEMAN |.V.
.1; n -"mS mw I op FRANCE I
• »»•»••••» • • • • »««••>»»>?»
—> CALIFORNIA-^
ALL THIS WKK-MATINEE BATUHDAY/H
I I Elmer Walters Cbm- 1 li
* . - pany presenting tho fu- 4 . H
lhp riously funny comedy- lhp M
I lib melodrama, I Ub
— Just Struck Town — 1
0C n SPECIAL— A 3-round QC- H
/yC bout between JOE PO- Im. 2
u DESTA and CHARLES ¦
¦ AUGUSTUS. ___ ¦ !
Next — The season's H
pn_ great climax, rn^ B
Jlllp The Buffalo Mystery. H 11(1 B
uuw Commencing with . Sun- vxtx> Bs
I day matinee. I I Bj
| COiHNG— FLORENCE ROBERTS. | H
BBjBjsjjspaB-— n_fy7ggar!g_Btfl Ptmwnfy«rg!_ir
Nightly, excepting Sunday.
, MATI-TEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Seventh Annual Engagement Here.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY
IN S 98 ' * H . H ¦ . * M H t l ~ Hj \ pj
In Madeleine Lucette Ryley'a London and
New York Success.
MICE AND MEN
- ADVERTISEMEyrS.
I Women who work, whether in 'the house, J
store, office or factory, very rarely have the
ability to stand the strain. The case of
Miss Frankie Orser, of Boston, Mass., is
interesting to all women, and adds further
proof that woman's great friend in need is
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Deab Mbs. Piskham : — I suffered misery for. serer-l years. My back
ached and I had bearing 1 down pains, and frequent headaches. I would often
wake from a restful sleep in such pain and misery that it would be hours before
I could close my eyes again. I dreaded the Ion? nights and weary days. I
could do no work. I consulted different physicians hoping to get relief, but,
finding that their- medicines did not cure me, I tried iydia £. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, as it was highly recomended to me. I am glad that
I did so, for I soon found that it was the medicine for my case. Very soon I
was rid of every ache and pain and restored to perfect health. I feel splendid,
have a fine appetite, and have gained in weight a lot." — Miss Fhajkxe Obsxb,
14 Warren ton St., Boston, Mass.
, - Surely you cannot wish to remain weak, sick and discouraged,
and exhausted with each day's work. Some derangement of the
feminine organs is reponsible for this exhaustion, following any
kind of work or effort. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
will help you just as it has thousands of other women.
The case of firs, Lennox, which follows, proves this.
* 1^, " Deab Mbs. Pinkbam : — Last winter I
-•¦JS-S^^r^&^P^&k. broke down suddenly and had to seek tho
advice of a doctor. I felt sore all over, with
_^H^^'l^^^ ;i^2l ;^^ a P° un(^ n S * n m 7 head, and a dizziness which
isiwcM^fc^^^il^Js^ I had never experienced before. I had a
£s$ek Wp9^ ¦•^pgffilj-fV' miserable appetite, nothing tasted good, and
J?&&gl f4?-? "ZS^!g^jPi4&§ffl_. gradually my health broke down completely.
fisH! V^ f }^g^l__|B™l The doctor said I had female weakness, but,
wW v\ / *** Jff^TB-f attkough I took his medicine faithfully, I
fg§r v\ / *^5?» /IT jsz found no relief.
1HL J&ii vVR^Sffi^ " -A ftcr two months I decided to tnr whai
7&&j&BsJ a chanp-e would d4 for me, and as Lydia E.
Pinkham*s Vegetable Compound was
Wgr^ /%* strongly recommended to me I decided to
E3^ y try it. Within three days I felt better, my
W ***••..- # ¦•""'" » appetite returned, and I could sleep. In
|. **••-•-._* «_»>:. \ another week I was able to sit up part of
li *•„ _ the day, and in ten days more I was well.
•ir.«"\ /**'* My strength had returned, I gained fourteen
X" ' **v - * pounds, and felt better and stronger than
I had for years. I gratefully acknowledge its merits. Very sincerely yours,
Mrs. Bert E. Leitnox, 120 East 4th St., Dixon, 111."
ApAAA FORFEIT i* we cannot forthwith produce th« original lett«r» and sigaatnre* of
V K 1 1 1 1 1 1 *bo y o fcwtimoniaU, which will pro™ their absolute K eauin«ness.
U -JU-JU Lydim K. Fittk-am Med. Co., Lynn. Ma**.
AMUSEMENTS.
I 1 VW/L.! house.
I AST U'PFU OF THE FAMOUS
L.A31 TICCA OPERATIC SENSATION ;
ROBIN HOOD
NEXT MONDAY EVE— First Production
In San Francisco of the Whirlwind English
Musical Comedy Triumph, THE
TOREADOR
By Ivan Caryll and Lionel Moncton.
And the following UNRIVALED CAST:
Kate Condon, Mary Young. Carrie Rey-
nolds, Dora de Fillippe, Bessie Tannehill.
and Wlllard Simmu, John Dunsmure. Mel-
ville Ellis, Teddy Webb, John Kennedy,
William Schuster. George Chapman
SEATS NOW READY.
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c. 60c. 75c.
Farewell "Robin Hood" Matinee Saturday.
LUSTROUS VAUDEVILLE!
CHARMION; .
Empire Comedy 4; Dec_er-Rus«o-Abram-
off Grand Operatic Trio; Marcus and
Gartelle; Julian Bose; T_e Mysterious
Zanclgs; Musical Kleiat; Orpheum Mo-
tion Picture, and
ROSE COGHLAN,
Assisted by LYNN FBATT, In "The Ac*
of Trumps." ¦
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c. 25c
and BOc
A3FCSE31EXTS.
ALCAZAR"*—?"
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY*
Evg., 25c to 75c. Mata. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 80c?
W/HITE | And the.Alc-af Stoct Co.
W/HITTLE6EY
In the Thrilling' Romanes,
RUPERT By Anthony Hop-.
CDF** Sequel to tha. Prisoner of Zend— .
HENTZAU Great Caat.
FIRST ALCAZAR PRODUCTION.
SPECIAL MATINES TO-DAT.
By Students PAUL GERSON SCHOOL O?
ACTING. First Time, Sudennann't "FRITZ-
CHEN" and Merle's 'THE PRAIRIE JUDG-
MENT." Also "MARSE VAN." Seats sell,
ine at box offlce.
MONDAY Aug. 1.— SPECIAL PRODUCTION,
"THE LADY OF LYONS.
MR. WHITTLESEY as CLAUDE MELNOTTH
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON aa PAULINB.
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI9 WEEK. 1 • •?
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Scott Marble' a Great Sensational Melodrama.
I GATES OF JUSTICE I
A TREMENDOUS HIT EVERYWHERE.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
Masai va Mechanical Effects !
First Appearance Here of tha Charming Sou-
brette.
VSXUf-S CASTBO.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to SOa
lAlV-O Matinees 10c. 15c. 23«
Next— Charley Hoyfa "SERQENAT JAMES."
LAST WEEK OF
"A LUCKY STONE "
. By Collin Davis and Frank Witmark.
1 SPECIAL |
Commencing Monday Night Next, August I
Gigantic Spectacular Burlesque.
THE WHIRJ. OF THE TOWN
Three Great Acts. Filled with New Songs.
Specialties and a World of Novelties.
First Appearance of LIONEL LAWRENCE
and Reappearance of FLOSSIE HOPE.
Seats now on sale, -two weeks ahead.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
' 1 tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mtxican Remedy for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Ita own merita.
-NABER. ALFS- & BRUNE.- Agents.
S2S Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
W£E2-LY CALLj $1.00 PEB YE Ail,
TEE TOB1H3 ;"_«_:_;," POS-TCS'SDOO.
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternooa
\ and Eventay In th« Theater.
\ _____
. TAKE A RIDS ON THE
MlJCXATCriU- SXSCT-KXO ___._X~-OAJ>.
Two Taxing leopard- In t_s Soo.
INSPECT CABARET DE !_*. MOBT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orche»trloo.
AMATEUR NIQHT rHCRSDAT-
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN.. So
When Phoning Ask for "Tha Chute«."
PfltarA DOirr fAJLTO
laiaWV iee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Jfln room, the EMPIRE
ttiiu parlor, tin
/- * « PALM ROOM, the
ITf/IHn LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul ailU LORi ana the la_
n ' . * DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room -Successful Artist Returns.
x reception last week in Loyola Hall
it Tenth and Market streets to those
ot its members who were delegates to
the recent session of the Grand Coun
cil held in Vallejo. A first class ban
juet was severed and was followed by
i programme of music, songs, recita
tions and speeches. During the even
ing Past Grand President Ella M.
Somyns, on behalf of No. 3, presented
to Miss May Deasy, the retiring:presi
lent, a handsome pin, ; emblematic of
:he order, and the recipient made a
Ittlng reply. Junior Past Grand Pres
dent Miss May Stein was present, as
were also a number of members of
Jther subordinates * of the order. ; It
was one of the most pleasant affairs
jver given under the auspices of. No. 3.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 3 gave
Honored the Delegates.
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards, sell
ing—Canejo won. Fondo second, Phyz third.
Time. 1:44%.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Nonle won,
.Bummer second, Ulctma third. Time, l:00U-
Sixth race, one mile and 100 yards, selling —
Kitty Kelly won. Olenrlce second, J. V. Klrby
third. Time, 1:47.
First race, four and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Trapshooter won, Georgle Black second,
Cayucas third. Time, :55%.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling —
Mountebank won. Chief Aloha second. Profit
able third. Time, 1 :28%
Third race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Eldred won. Almoner second, Alice
Carey third. Time, 1:08.
Racing at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 25.— Summary at
The Mep.dows :
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
it San Francisco. Los Angeles, Fresno
md" Marysville, Cal., and Reno, Nev.,
m August 31 for the position of book
ceeper in the reclamation service of
.he Geological Survey. Salary $2000
jer annum. The age limit is 20 years
)r over, but the. department desires a
person between 30 and 45 years . of
ige. Applicants should have had ex
:ellent training and broad experience
n handling large affairs and be com
petent to initiate simple yet effective
methods of account keeping. . Apply
to the United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, or to
the secretary of the board of exam
iners at the places mentioned above
for application form 1312, which
should be properly executed, and filed
r/ith the commission at Washington.
Bookkeeper Wanted.
• (National League.) i (American League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
New York... 59 23 .720,Bostcn 51 SO .630
Cincinnati ..51 33 .607 Chicago 50 34 .595
Chicago .....49 32 .605 New York... 47 33 .588
Plttsburg ...45 33 .577 Cleveland ...44 33 .571
St. Louis 44 37 .513 Phlladelphla..42 37 .532
Brooklyn '...31 56 .356 St. Louis.... 34 42 .448
Boston .30 55 .353 Detroit 32 46 .416
Philadelphia. 20 60 .250| Washington.. 16 61 .208
... - NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 25. — In a ragged fielding
game on both sides Cincinnati won In the tenth
inning. The locals did much the better hit
ting, but their errors. were costly, and one of
Lundgren's pawes ¦ developed into a run. At
tendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 3 13 ?
Cincinnati :.... 4 8 % 3
" Batteries — Lundgren and O'Neill; Walker
and Schlel. Umpires — Moran and Johnstcne.
PITTSBURG. July 25.— Pittsburg won both
games' with ease. The pitchers in both games
did good work and were well supported, ex
cept. In the second gams,, when Brooklyn's
three errors netted " two runs for Plttsburg.
There were no special features In either game.
Attendance, 6800. Scores: First game —
R. H. . E.
Plttsburg 3.9 0
Brooklyn 0 7 0
Batteries— Flaherty and Smith; Cronln and
Bergen. Umpire — Zlmmer.
Second game — R. H. E. .
Plttsburg „ 4 -6 1
| Brooklyn 1 4 3
Batteries — Case and Carlsch; Garvin and Rlt
ter. Umpire — Zlmmer. '
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
, BOSTON. July 25.— Boston turned the tables
Ao-day. winning the last of the series with St.
Louis, an eleven inning game, due chiefly to
the visitors' ! misplays. - "Attendance, 4900.
Score :
R. H. E.
Boston 4 9 0
St. Louis. .V. 3 6 4
Batteries — Gibson, Farrelland Crlger; How
ell and , Kahoe.
NEW YORK, July 25.— In a pitchers'' battle
between Orth and Owen New York defeated
Chicago to-day. Orth' made his initial appear
ance in the box for the local club. Attend
ance, 1S00. Score:
R. H. E.
New York........ 14 1
Chicago 0 4 0
Batteries — Orth and Klelnow; Owen and Sul
livan. .
PHILADELPHIA, July 25.—Cleveland-Phila
delphia 'game postponed; rain.
WASHINGTON. July 25! — Washlngton-De
1 trait game postponed; wet grounds. J
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Ragged Fielding on Both .Sides Marks
Contest on Chicago Na
tional Grounds, i
CINCINNATI VICTORIOUS
TN' A TEN-INNING GAME
First race — Fred Priesmeyer, Brad
vmlin, Preventative.
Second race — Lady Felix, Hazel H.,
La l*o»i2C.
Third race — Red Leaf, Saranola,
Colonel White.
Fourth race — Rebo, Ice Water, Otto
Stifel.
Fifth race — St. Agnes Il.^Imnodcn,
Anne Davis.
"Sixth race — Lacy Crawford, Leenja,
Murmur.
Condition of track — Fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
BRIGHTON- SELECTIONS.
First race— Shrine, Reliable, Honl
tor..
Second race — Voladay, Pink Garter,
Confessor.
Third race — Naughty Lady, Trepan,
Unmasked.
Fourth race — Major Daingcrfleld,
Lord of the Vale, Ro.sctlnt.
Fifth race — Round Brook, Prince
Salm Salm, Rlack Socks.
Sixth race — Peggy, Martha Gorman,
Ten cress.
Condition of track — Heavy.
t-i>th race, five furlonirs — Peggy IIP. Dla
p>md Flush 110. Martha GormRn 116, Halcvon
ftn. Grace Thistle 90. Lizzie Albertlne Ofl. T*a
crp«s 00. Calmness 99, Katie Caffrey fH>. Ba^
of Trlckn nn. High Life 90. Resemblance 9!>.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Thistle Heather 104. Philippine lot). Unmasked
109, Allan 109. Hettie G 109. Gavlota 101.
Nine Spot 101. Mary Worth 101. Queen Eliza
beth 101, Cottar:* Maid 101, Monster lot.
Naughty Lady 9S. Trepan 98, Hydrangea 96,
Viona 84," Dr. Loder 84.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, the
Seashore handicap — Hurst Park- 12«. Major
DalBgerfleld 121, Lord of the Vale 114, Rose
tint 10«. Palmbearer 95, Pentaur £6.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Bound Bronk 110. Pat Costlgan 110, Prince
Palm Salm 110, Loul? H 110. Dr. Chapln 110,
Waterford 107, Tide 107. Bouvler 107, Harlem
Sslior 107, Boy Blue 107, Princess Athellng
1o.\ Belle of Portland 1OT.. Lady Prudence 105.
"-"- Mate 105. Black Socks 105, Rosie Dlnham
105.
Second raoo. six furlongs^ — Voladay 107.
Jolly Witch inn. Jerry C 104, Pink Garter 103,
Flylne Redrkln 102, Black Prince/ 102, Only
One 102. Paietti 102, Confessor 102. Fra Fil
llr><> 102. Roundelay 1C.2. Gold Fleur 99, Con
suelo II H7. Suzanne Rocamora 94, Benlalk 9J,
l'eiry McAdcw 94
First race, xix furlongs — Right and True 11<\
W. R. Condon 110, Collector Jessup 110,
Numeral llo. Prime Chlng 107, Et Tu Brute
107. Bpn Crocket 107, Shrine 1C5, Honlton 1«V>.
t=hipf=ha:ie 105, CSold Saint 105. Cottage Maid
105, Reliable 140, Inquisitive Girl 100, Court
maid Ho. Tomcod 10. r >.
XEW YORK, July 25.— Entries for to-mor
row:
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
Porgt?, Monastic.
. Third race — Proprietor, Bonnie
Prince Charlie, Al 'Casey.,
Fourth race — Jade, Critter, Green
jown.
Fifth race— Klrchbroom. Major
tlansir. Emperor of India.
Sixth race — Flo Bob, The Lady,
•'ontjista.
Condition of track — Fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
First race — Bissett, Gene Handlan,
iir Launcelot.
Second race — Tokalon, Clifton
CHICAGO. July 25. — Entries for to-morrow:
First race, rix furlones, sellins — My Alice
103, Myron Dale 105. Gene Handlan 108, Annora
J 10S, Helgerson 10S, La Chap.'rone 1CS, hlnginK
Master 110, Fortuna 110, Shipping Port 112,
Jaran 113, Allie Vircie 119, Billy Bashaw 111),
Mazano 119, Sir Launcelot Il'.i, Bissett 121.
Second rac?, six furloncs, handicap — Dell
L-ath 104, Monastic 107. Clifton Forge 115,
Felipe Luto 115. Tokalon 117.
Thirii race, five furlongs — Al Casey 99, Hattie
Wiehe 9'J. Raininn Leaves 100. Raincy B 100,
John Barbte 103. The Gadfly 10.">, San Jose 105,
Bonnie Prince Charlie 107, Proprietor 109.
Fourth race.' five furlongs, selling— Gallant
Cassle 99, Cutter 100, Dundall 102. Green Gown
102, Captain Neroth 1W2. Adare 105. No
Trumper 1C5. Jade 1C5. M. A. Powell 107,
Enchanter 108. Maslc 112.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, (Piling —
Telephone 88, Exclamation HI, Edward Hale 92,
Empeior of India 0-'S. O'Hacen 9^, Valeat 91),
Major Marslr 102, Birch Broom ICO. Htirton
100. Royalty 108.
Sixth race, one mile, purse — Bombardier JO,
Flo Bob 92, Foncasta 97. Wainamoinen 102,
The Lady 102.
ILWVTHORNE ENTIUES.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards — Imboden
102. Claremont 102, Buccaneer 102. St. Agnes II
10o', Lord Haven 09, Anne Davis 97, Latoila
07. Athena 97, Hubbard 94. Lonlana 92.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, s'lllng
—St. Slmonten 107, Dave Sommers 106, Irby
Bennett lO.'i, Lacy Crawford 103. Decoration 102,
Conundrum 102, Golden Light 102. Ivernla 102.
Klngstelle 100. Avoid 100, Leenja 95. Murmur
0::, Sister Lillian 9J. Varna Fon^o 03.
ST. LOUIS, July 25.— Entries for to-morrow:
First race, five furlongs, maidens, selling —
laurel L 112. Bradwarlln 10U, Glencreith 108,
King Wilda 108. Covina 107, Preventatlve 107.
Jack Moran 105. Fred Preismeyer 104. Walpole.
10:j, Colonel Preston 103, Tartan lft}, Joe
Graham 100. Cassleanna 100, Oman J 05.
Second race six furlongs, selling — Eleanor
Howard 111. Lady Felix 111. La Rouge 111,
Susie Letcher 109. Tribes 100, Hazel H lOti,
Marchioness 104, Rejoice 1C4, Katie Cromwell
104. Feby Blue 104, Fugurtha 102, Never
Smile 100, Back Number 05. Athelrose 95.
Third race, eleven sixteenths of a mile —
Colonel White 112. Red Lear 109, Woodlands
108, Saronola 108. Lucky Charm 103, Layson
10;:. B-*terllnz 103. Fruit 100.
Fouith race, six furlongs— Frank Bell 107,
Ice Water 105, Floral Wreath 105, Commodore
90, Otto Stifel 90. Forehand »9, Rebo 90, Simon
Kent H6.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
COMES FROM HONOLULU
TO CLAIM HIS BRIDE
DETROIT, Mich., July 25. — Baron
Gratton, driven by Ed Geer», this aft
ernoon at the Blue Ribbon meeting of
the Detroit Driving Club, which opened
the grand trotting circuit, won the
55000 Chamber of Commerce stake for
2:24 pacers. It waa the fastest race
in thm history of the stake, the former
record of 2:06%, made in 1902 by Direct
Hal, being broken in the first heat,
which was won by Morning Star.
Toe rtoord was placed at 2:06% by
Morning Star in this heat and this
mark waa equaled by Baron Gratton
In the second heat.
Baron Gratton then equaled Direct
Hal's record In the third heat. «•
An eaual feature of the day with
the Chamber of Commerce stake was
the appearance of Lou Dillon, the fa
mous trotter, in an attempt to break
the Grosse Pointe track record. Driven
to a wagon by her owner, C. K. Bill
lnga, Lou Dillon succeeded only In
equaling the record of 2:05V*. The
time by quarters was: :S0^. 1:02%,
1:34, 2:05»4. Summary:
2:20 trotting, purse S1500. three in fir*
heats — Alexander won three straight heats In
2:11. 2:11. 2:10i». Bonnie Russell, John Cald
welL Ijc.a Snyder, McGregor. Governor Me-
Cauiey, Enchantress, Miss L«o Hex, George E
a..--*. Checkmate also started.
The Chamber of Commerce stake, $5000,
tor 2:24 pacers — Baron Gratton won the eec
ocd. third and fourth heats in 2:O8 L i, 2:06%,
2:03»i. Morning Star won th* first heat In
2:O6V Ethel Me. West Angus. Pointer,
China Maid and Judge Denny also started.
2:07 pace. $1200. two in three heat6 — Star
RaJ won two Mraight heata In 2:O4»i, 2:0Ci-i.
TVinfield Ptra.tton, .Captain Sphinx. Baron
Ro£gers, Suftrect and StraiKh'ing also ran.
AUTOMOBILES START
ON TRIP TO ST. LOUIS
New England and New York Tour
ists Begin Long Cross-Coun
try Journey.
NEW YORK. July 25. — Sixteen au
tcmobilcs, piloted by members of the
Automobile Club of America, started
to-day on the long- run to St. Louis.
The entries originally were sixty-one
In number, but for various reasons
only sixteen appeared to-day. There
were two women in the party.
BOSTON. July 25. — Eight members
of the Massachusetts Automobile Club
left here in four automobiles on a
ICOO-mile tour to St. Louis. The tour
ists expect to join the party which left
New York to-day at Albany,
Major Purdy and 3Ilss Anita Christal,
Prominent in Hawaiian Society,
to Marry Here.
The arrival here to-day or to-mor
row of relatives from the East is. all
that is necessary to complete the ar
rangements for the marriage of two
prominent members of Honolulu's
fashionable society. The steamship
China, which arrived yesterday, had
among her passengers from Hawaii
Major William . A. Purdy, an insur
ance man of Honolulu, whose special
mission to San Francisco is to claim a
bride. Miss Anita Christal. The young
lady is the daughter of the late Dr.
Christal of Honolulu, who was for
many years closely identified with the
history of the island metropolis. Miss
Christal has been a guest, at the St.
Francis Hotel for several days await
ing the arrival of her future husband.
The couple had hoped their marriage
would immediately follow his arrival
in this city yesterday, but their ex
pectations were doomed to disappoint
ment, for relatives of the bride-to-be,
who were to have come from the East
to attend the ceremony, were delayed
on their way to this city.
Plajinff Cricket in England.
LONDON. July 25. — In the cricket
match to-day between Boston School
end Haverford the former made 190
runs in its first inning and the lattei
at the close of play had made sixty
run? for one ¦wicket down in its first
Inning.
Falls From a Hack.
John J. Sheehan, a hack driver, was
treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital last evening for abrasions of
the chin and nose and a possible frac
ture of the skull. Sheehan was under
the influence of liquor and fell off of
the vehicle he was driving when in
front of a stable at 110 Grove street.
He was removed to the hospital in
the ambulance and his condition is re
garded as serious by the surgeons.
Bell a Winner at Ijonjjnood.
BOSTON. July 25. — The annual
Longwood tennis tournament was be-
Cun to-day. A. E. Bell, the California
champion, made an excellent impres
sion, winning his match without dif
ficulty. He defeated C. H. Miller. 6-2.
C-I, 6-2.
Servian railroads are being extended
San Francisco will witness, next No
vember, a spirited contest between
forty United States Standard voting
machines and an army of clerks di
recting affairs at the ancient Aus
tralian ballot booths.
The Board of Election Commissioners
last night voted to purchase forty of
the Standard machines at a cost of
$650 each, bringing the bill to a total
of $26,000. But before the commission
would close the contract it pleaded
poverty by demanding that the ma
chine company should pay part of ths
freight on the machines from James
town, N. Y., the manufacturing place,
to this city.
It was a moment of suspense tor
Frank Jordan. When he retired to
consult with another representative of
the company as to what should be done,
J. Cal Ewing, secretary of the Bank
Commission, once Jordan's chief
deputy, ceased telling reminiscences of
the Populi3t movement In Alameda;
Oscar Tolle and Isadore Erb, deputy
Supreme Court clerks, twined their
fingers nervously, and J. P. Cook.
County Clerk of Alameda, a warm
friend of Jordan, began to compose a
protest.
But this anxiety wa» unnecessary-
Jordan returned in a moment and said
that, having fully considered the fact
that the order under discussion for
forty machines was Insignificant in
comparison with that for some 210 ma
chines that was sure to follow, he
would come to the aid of the municipal
treasury and out of his own pocket
donate half the freight on the ma
chines, or f 300. This offer was accepted
and a contract was then made for the
forty machines, which will be suf
ficient to handle the voters of two As
sembly districts. A bond for $13,000 will
be filed by the company to Insure the
execution of the contract .
This important work completed, the
commission authorizer the Registrar
to proceed with the readjustment of
district boundary lines under the act
creating the use of voting machines.
After appointing J. F. Cosgrove store
keeper at the warehouse for a period of
thirty days at a salary of $100, the com
mission adjourned to meet again Aug
ust 10 at 10 a. m.
The early betting Indicates that Han
lon will sell a 10 to 8 favorite over
"Battling" Nelson. Shrewd judges,
willing to wager on events and make
their own price, desire to bet on each
man at the prevailing figure.
Hanlon, who is a home boy, is popu
lar and has a host of admirers who
want to wager on him regardless of
price. They will probably force the
odds down a point by the time the men
enter the ring.
Ring followers will not forget the
showing made by Nelson in his battle
with Canole. After being beaten badly
for ten rounds by Canole, one of the
cleverest lightweights seen here, he
kept forcing the elusive Easterner
round after round. By his grit and
bulldog tenacity he wore Canole down
and scored a knockout. This showing
gained Nelson many backers.
Their style of boxing is similar in one
respetft. Both are aggressive and re
treat is not known. When contestants
like these come together a winner Is
generally named before the end of the
fray.
Jack Munroe with his force of ama
teur heavy-weights will open camp to
day at Sheehan's training quarters.
The big fellow will have several weeks
to round into form before he meets
Jeffries.
Harry Pollock, Munroe's manager,
arrived last night from the East. He
will supervise the financial end of
Munroe's affairs. Tim McGrath will
look after the training department.
Eddie Hanlon has donned the boxing
gloves for the last time, prior to put
ting them on Friday night in the roped
arena. Trainer Frank McDonald is
taking no chances o-f having his man's
hands injured, now that the tap of the
gong that will send the little gladiators
at each other is not far removed. Road
tramping, bag punching, rope skipping
and shadow sparring will be Eddie's
routine programme until Thursday,
when he will cease all exercising and
conserve his strength and stamina for
the battle. Big Jack Munroe, Billy
Roche and Tim McGrath Were amcrap
the visitors at Hanlon's quarters in
Alameda yesterday. They observed
Eddie go through his gymnasium la
bors and were apparently well pleased
with the form displayed by Nelson's
next opponent. Hanlon mauled the
bag for six rounds and went through
a few rounds of hand feinting and foot
work with Fred Landers. When rubbed
down and weighed Eddie moved the
scales bar at 130% pounds.
In Trainer McDonald, Hanlon has an
Instructor who prepared several of the
men who gave Hanlon some of his
hardest fights. McDonald prepared
Frankie Nell for his three contests with
Eddie and also prepared Benny Yanger
for his bout with the local lad and Nel
son for the latter's bout with Martin
Canole. Trainer McDonald has im
parted much ring wisdom to Hanlon
and is of the opinion that when his
charge meets Nelson the betting should
be about even.
Object to Dismissals.
At a meeting of the Civil Service
Commission last night that body dis
approved the action of the Registrar
of'Voter3 in dismissing "W. W. Bous
man, Frank E. Preble and J. F. Welch
from their positions as deputy regis
trars. They were civil service em
ployes and the objection Is made that
if a reduction, of force was necessary
some of the non-civil service men
should have been dismissed. A com
munication will be sent to the Elec
tion Commission asking for reinstate
ment. The commission Is planning
the examination of 450 applicants for
positions as street sweepers. The ex
amination will be oral. Experience
and ability to perform the work will
be the basis of the test.
NELSON* TAKING IT EAST.
Avoid Staleness Is the Instruction
Given by Trainer.
LARKSPUR, July 25. — Battling
Nelson spent a quiet day at his train
ing quarters at Larkspur.
He is in excellent condition and
Trainer Murphy does not wish'hlm to
become stale.
To-night and every night until the
eve of the battle Nelson will box with
Frank Newhouse by electric light, so
as to accustom himself to the glare
of the lights he will have to contend
with in the ring.
Yacht Ingomar Wins Again.
DOVER, England, July 25. — Com
modore Morton Plant's Ingomar won
the yacht race from Dover to Boulogne
Sur Mur against Sir Douglas Kerr's
yawl Valdora to-day.
GETS SIX MONTHS IX JAIL. — Maggie
Munroc. charged with grand larceny for rob
bing Walter Williams, was found guilty of
petty larceny last night' in Judge Lawlor'a
court. * She will have • to spend six months In
Jail.
American Wins at Ardennes.
ARDENNES, France, July 25.—
Heath, an American, won a 600-kilo
meter race here to-day.
GILMAN BRINGS A SUIT
AGAINST LOS GATOS RAILWAY
Becks to Foreclose a Uen on the Road
for a Large Balance
Yet Due.
H. K. Gilman of St. Louis, Mo., filed
a suit yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court to foreclose a Hen on the
San Jose and Los Gatos Suburban
Railway Company for $48,323, alleged
to be a balance due on a bill of $250, .
2S4 for railway material furnished by
Gilman at the request of James W.
Rea and F. S. Granger, who, as the
Saratoga Construction Company, con
tracted with the defendant to build the
road.
Gilman alleges that the construction
contract between the railway company
and Rea and his associates was never
placed on record, that the road was
fully In operation on February 1 of this
year and that no notice of the com
pletion of the work was ever filed. He
alleges that the contract with Rea was
made In the name of the San Jose and
Santa Clara Valley Railway Company
and that the defendant is the same
corporation, having changed Its name
after the making of the contract for
reasons unknown to the complainant.
The race meet of the Pleasanton
Horse Association will commence next
Wednesday and will continue for four
days. The. officers of the association
have arranged for five races each day.
The programme includes trotting and
pacing events and a number of running
and special races. The members of the
association have subscribed $6800 for
purses, and this. In addition to the en
trance fees, will insure good purses in
all the events. '
President C. L. Crellin and Secretary
F. E. Adams of the association have
already received assurance of a suffi
cient number of entries to enable them
to carry out the programme of five
races each day. The track, which is
one of the fastest in California, is in
excellent shape, and plenty of stable
room has been provided for visitors.
Arrangements have been made with
the railroad company for the granting
of special rates from San Francisco,
Oakland, San Jose and Stockton, as
well as from intermediate points. A
ball will be given by the association in
the Nevis Pavilion on the opening
night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 25.
Both the Winner and Morn
ing Star Lower Direct
HaFs Becord for the Bace
Annual Fair Will Begin
Next Wednesday to Con
tinue for Four Days
Clerk of Supreme Court Is
to Pay Half the Cost of
Shipment From Factory
With His Force of Trainers
He Will Start the Grind
of Exercises This Morning
FAST TDIE IN HEATS
JOEDAN'S CONTKIBUTION
MUNEOE TO OPEN CAMP
FIVE EVENTS EACH DAY
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs:
purs<\ for maiden two-year-old fillies and
geldings:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
20 to 1— Mead.Horn. 107 (tchrn) 1 13 14
7 to 1— Gotowln, 107 (Phillips). 5 4 1 2 M£
15 to 1 — Sportsman. 107 (Cormck) 2 2 2 3 Vt
Time, 1:10. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Offutt's br. f. by Meadow Thorpe-
Fannie Horn. Ismalian, Bella Slgnora.
Zcala, Salt and P«-uoer. Maxey More, Night
mare. Rosemary, Kane, Throcton, Rare Mu
sic, Baronctta finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »; Fin.
11 to 10— Keynote, 07 cHIldbrnd) 2 26 1 1£
4 to 1— April Shower,90 (Jones) 1 1 ns 2 20
5 to 5 — Himself. 97 (O'Conner). 4 3 1>£3 3>&
Time, 1:36, Start good. Won. easily. ' Win
ner. J. A. Kyrle's b. g. by Chorister-Rapture.
Iliyria also ran.
FOURTH RACE— .six furlongs; the Sea Gull
stakes; three-year-old fillies :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
12 to 1— Graceful. 113 (Phillips). 2 2 1^13
10 to 1— Marmee. 100 (Cormack). 3 4 H 2 h
U« to 5 — Possession. 100 (Hldbnd) 5 5 3 ij
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Fairview Stable's b. f. by Gold Finch-La
Caruca. Ishlana and Flammula finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse; two
yea r-oids:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St ?; Fin.
(i to 5— Britisher, 112 (J. Martin). 2 2 Mil h
8 to 5— Gloriflcr, 127 (Hildcbrand) 3 1 h 2 1
8 to 1— Torchello. 10!) (Cannack). 4 4 2 3 2^
Time, 1:16. Start fair. Won driving. Win
nor, J. A. Drake's br. c. by Plaudit-British
Blue B:ootl. Jack McKecn, Li«rht Note, Austin
Allen, Earldom, Metallic and Giowstar finished
as named.
S-ECOND RACE— About two miles; steeple
chase; handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
11 to 10— Good & Plenty,146(Ray) 1 3 5 1 30
6 to 1— Mys. Shriner.148 (Galla) 3 4 20 2 100
50 to 1— Trek, 131 (Dayton) 4 5 3
Time. 4:30 3-5. start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. Hitchcock's b. g. by Rosslngton
*amlne, Malden.l Daylesford also ran.
FIRST RACE—One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; three-year-olds and up:
Bettlns. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Champlaln, SO (J.J.Wlsh* 4 15 13,
0 to 1 — Kingraine, lul (Gordon)" 2 2 Yi 2 8
1^ to 1— Nine Spot, 101 (Racine). 7 9 3 h
lime, 1:49 3-5. Stan fair. Won handily.
\\ Inner, F. FarreJl's b. c. by Gonsalvo-LIllian
Belle. Bartlolph. G. Whlttier. Sam Craig, Sir
Shep, Reveille, Tol San and Falmouth finished
as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH, July 25.— It was
the opinion of thousands who saw the
fifth race to-day that the stewards will
not be doing their duty if they do not
institute a formal investigation of the
condition of W. C. Daly's two horses,
Himself and Illyria, who were disgrace
fully beaten by Keynote and April
Shower. The condition of the track,
which was muddy, would not be taken
by {he public as a good excuse for the
backwardness of the Daly horses, ap
parently, as on July 7, over a track
heavy, Himself ran a* good second to
Hurst Park in a handicap at nine fur
longs. Again on July 11, Himself made
nearly all the running at a fast pace
in a race won by Hurst Park.
All racegoers know that on a soft
track Himself is, or was, better than
on a hard track. Yet in the so-called
race of to-day neither of Daly's horses
ran anywhere near the two out in front
—the resurrected April Shower and
Keynote — and eventually they finished
many lengths behind. Many denounce
the race. The betting was suspicious
and the running was suspicious. Sum
mary:
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 2 — The Crisis, 107 (Knapp).. 3 3 5 1 >-i
3 to 2 — Frontenac. 112 (HelResen) 2 In 2 1
4 to 1— Skilful, 112 (Hofller) 4 4 3 21s
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Talbot Bros.' ch. f. (4) by The Com
moner-Miss Leaflet. Americano 112 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
3 to 1— Volla. 101 (Knapp) » 32 1 1&
3 to 1— Tapiola, 9G (N'iccrt) 7 4 122
8 to 1— Wenrick, 10S (Miller) 1 81 32
Time, 1:28 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Fuller's b. 1. by Esher or Ros
sington-Felgn. San Remo lOtt. Arab 100, Nan
nan 101. Red. White and Blue 08. Polk Miller
100, Tryon 98, Soldier of Fortune 100, Sarter
Resartus 103, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; July Selling Stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
6 to 1— Ananias, SK5 (Reed) 1 12 11
8 to 1— Huzzah, 102 (Lawrence).. 7 6h 2 1
6 to 1 — Warte Nicht. 104 (Knapp) 4 3 h 3 h
Time, 1 :47 2-5. Siart poor. Won handily.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's ch. c. (3) by Ocean
Wave-Veracious. Princess Tulane 109, Fon
soluca 98. Apple 8tJ, Horatius 1(*5, Fred Lep
pert 93, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and up; Eelling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
V to 5— Sweetie. V>2 (Knapp) 5 1J 13
17 to 5 — Freckman. 95 (Livlngstn) - 4 10 2 2
5 to 2— Edw. Hale. 102 (Grnflld) 7 6 4 3 2
Time, 1 :4ti 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, K. Corrigan's b. f. (3) by Bermuda-
Aliegra. Watermelon 9J, Olympian 111, Hor
ton 111. Pearl Diver 104, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 5 — Creolin, 152 (Peters) 4 14 U',i
7 to 1 — Sweet Jane. 127 (Porter).. 7 3 6 2 1
Even — Golden Way, 100 (Sullivn) 5 2 12 3 12
Time, 2:48. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Riley-MiFS Bow
ling. Allegiance 12S, Nitrate 150, Alma Girl
138, Lingo 142, also ran.
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs' ;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
4 to 1— The Belle. 10S (Aubchn) 2 11 12
7 to 1— Monte, 111 (Henry) "' 0 1 2 2
15 to 1 — Capltanazo, 10S (Bell)... 1 3h 3n
Time, 1:CS 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, G. V. Belknap's ch. f. by Faraday-
Lucy Crockett. Albert Fir 111, Florentine US,
Before 1CS. Butwell 105, Voltrice 10S. Dlxelle
108, Sea Voyage 10S, Chinese Star ION also
ran.
Subpenas were served on the turf
writers at the track to-day, summon
ing them to appear before the Grand
Jury to-morrow to give evidence as to
gambling at Hawthorne. Summary:
Horatius was backed from 3 to 1
to 2 to 1. He was always favorite, but
he stumbled at the half-mile pole
when moving up fast and came near
falling, losing much ground, and was
unable to get near the front runners
thereafter.
"Big Bill" Knapp rode the last three
winners.
The track was fast, the weather
clear and warm, although cooled by
a stiff breeze, and a good Monday
crowd was in attendance.
. CHICAGO. July 25.— Ananias, at 6 to
1, won the July selling stakes at Haw
thorne to-day, leading from flagfall to
finish, and having a length to spare
over Huzah, at 9 to 1, which beat
Warte Nicht, at 6 to 1, the same dis
tance for the place. The stake was
worth 52680. of which $2105 went to
the winner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time, 1 :45»4v Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. B. Mitchell & Co.'s ch. r. (5) by
K«nsr Eric-Mary T II. Quaker Girl 88, Royal
Deceiver 1CS, Tony Lepplng 102, Little Corker
100, Jollier 8S Easter Walters 86, Dr. Hart
107. Varro 102, Burrows 1>3. Ray 105, St.
Simonlan 107, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and ud:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— King's Court. 102 (McLgln) 5 11 IS
5 to 1— Lemon Girl. 88 (Stoval).. 2 2 5 2 3
6 to 1 — Second Mate, 103 (Cocolo)lO 3 lVi3 ns
FIFTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
13 to 5— Six Shooter.lOtS (Wilson) 3 2 3 15
13 to 10— Bas d'Or, 103 (Howell). 5 12 2^
17 to 1— Light Opera.100 (Davis) 1 3 % 3 &
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. B. Respess 1 br. h. (6) by Sir Dixon-
Kentucky Belle II. Lady Strathmore 103.
Glennevis 102, Byron Rose- 102, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and ui>:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 5 — First Mason, lit (Watan) 3 In ll'j
17 to 1— Old Stone, 08 (Howell).. 2 2 >£ 2 IVi
4tol— JuH So, 103 (Austin) 1 3 10 3 10
Time, 1:3094. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Oats Bros.' ch. h. (4) by First Mate-
Manola Mason. Sambo 100 also ran.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Loretta M, 108 (Troxler) 112 12
S to ii— Braden, 103 (D.Austin). 3 2 12 2 15
12 to 1— K. Trophy, 103 (Cocolo). 4 4 3 2
Time, 1:07%. Start good for all but King's
Trophy. Won easily. Winner, J. O. Milan's
blk. f. (2) by Pirate of Penzance-Pertile.
Hadrian, 103, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, thre«-year
olds:
Betting. Hors«, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — M. de Carabas.110 (Aust) 5 23 14
4 to 1— Hubbard. 107 (L.Wilms).lO 6 1 2 3
3 to 1— Mob Curt, 107 (Scully)... 4 1 h 3 V»
Time, 1:13. Start good. >\'on driving. Win
ner, U. S. Gardner's h. c. (3) by Himyar-Fife.
Beiry Hurhes 110. Dan McCue 110. Roommate
110, Bustler 107, Turrando 110, Mlscovir 107,
Mengls 107, Modoc 107, Yellow Hammer 110,
Felix Menzies 110, finished aa named.
ST. LOUIS, July 25. — First Mason
proved his claim to class at the Fair
Grounds to-day, when he romped home
in front of Old Stone in fast time for
the mile— wit,hin two-fifths of a second
of the track record. Three favorites, won
and the public fared well. Attendance,
6000. Weather clear; track fast. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlon«t;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— La Princess,05(W.Davls) 5 6 1 n
8 to 1— Conoval, 104 (L.Wilson;. 1 1.1 2 IV,
7 to 5 — Stella M, 10S (D.Austin) 4 2 1 a \<i
Time, :5«?4: Start good. Won driving. Win
ner John Huffman's b. t. Ci)'by Logan-Loyal
Princees. Hello Girl 99, Imp. Nepenthe 103,
Lady Lou 103, Fair Una li/S, Miss Hazzy llw,
Marie Maude 09, Lady Sellers 106, Bessie
Brasfleld 10y, Tabula 10,1, linished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captures Chamber of Com
merce Stake for 254-Class
Pacers at Grosse Pointe
Many Famous California
Horses Will Compete in
the Different * Contests
Election Commission Con
tracts for the Purchase of
Forty New Contrivances
In the Early Wagers They
Lay 10 to 8 That He Will
Beat "Battling" Nelson
"Pa" Daly's Horses
Up to Old Tricks
at Brighton.
Turf Writers Sum
moned Before
Grand Jury.
First Mason Wins in
Fast Time at St.
Louis.
BARON GRATTON
FIRST TO WIRE
BIG RACE MEET
AT PLEASANTON
BETTORS FAVOR
EDDIE HANLON
MACHINES WILL
RECORD VOTES
HORATIUS THROWN OUT OF STRIDE
BY STUMBLING AT THE HALF-MILE
ANANIAS FIRST IN THE JULY SELLING STAKES AT HAWTHORNE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1904.
SACRAMENTO, July 25.— Turivio
Fiorivanti, sentenced to eighteen
months in the Placer County jail for "as
sault with a 'deadly weapon, was par
doned by acting Governor Anderson to
day. '
Anderson Grants a Pardon.
Theodore Wores, a well known art
lat, who maintained a studio in San
Francisco for many years prior to
1890 nnd painted pictures of ack
nowledged worth, arrived in this city
yesterday. Succeps, has nlso attended
his career in London and New YOrk.
He will be In California several
months and will probably exhibit ex
amples of work recently done in
Spain.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. T
msCTHEJESTIOHIC
{Sf^ 7 In .S. S. S. Nature has provided a tonic suited
drugs but isapfcasantvegetabltpreparation. You can find ifobSte^S
petite and digestion, and its .. x JiS T0 J? se *S: s « s - Md '°«nd it to b« an excel-
good effects are seen almost iSg23 lb ?S5
from the first dose It acts twenty -or more pound, in t3fhg^Jfti. X .iS
promptly in cases of chronic *"« and was in a bad shape. Seeing S. S.S.ad-
all stomach troubles, and Prom 189 pounds to 165 is pretty Irood e^idenco
does away with the tmcom- o* merit on the part of s.s.s. h. MABTIN.
fortable fullness, shortness 60 Second St " Wapren > Oh *°.
of breath, drowsiness and dizziness that so often come after eating. S. S. S.
is not only the best tonic; but possesses alterative or purifying properties!
and if there is any taint, humor or poison in the blood, it searches it out and
removes it. Many times a low state of health is due to a bad condition of
the blood and can only be remedied by such a remedy as S. S. S.
If you suffer from debility, weakness, insomnia, nervousness, loss of ap-
petite, bad digestion, or any of the miserable symptoms of a disordered
blood, nothing will so soon put your blood in good condition, invigorate
and tone up the system and restore the health as S. S. S. ,
THE SWtFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CAm
-_-~. w . J ADVTERT^SEMENTS.
MEN, I HAVE THE CURE!
% t ri* 3 fn*wfjjjiirfc l | tl I want to talk to men who have pains
' X8j2i«Bfci&g!rvIN. and ac h f ' fr - feel run down physically.
i jjSggajgSiffijfcSrt who realize that the old "fire" and energy
i JB&Jg££Sf**^^'$ 1 which was eo evident in youth is absent
* jgyrEMSL v\ now; men who can't stand the amount
1 jEKXlpEr %* °* f>xprl * on thpy could years ago. I want
HUS% EH >' ou — if that means you — to see what I
' K55§S5Sw?2te. Ef have done for others who were just as
I I i^ r '£$S£vp i uf liad nf *' >r!lat ' R m >' introduction. If a
TT^WSIlJIlMIHj^ wfWtJ friend in whom you had confidence pre-
Sa^gag^g^fefllA/ja^T sc-ntod some one to you and said, "Jack
aJr^fifcSr£iff J *yM VlPM here's Drown; he has made pood with
w«aK££&7 S \ \ me - and ! trust him," wouldnH you trust
\fc\fs»£;5s£- Jr' I h1m - too? lT . >' ou wUI teU m * where you
>R^ nSurfcLgi „ J^J^Ua are x wil1 Sive you the name of a man
> 'j^J^iXtijififtLi. I in your own towr > whom I have cured.
I Ifliillli^ l Wil1 Pay $ 1000 Forfeit
' y^aEraSKWrfevIl' For a case of Nervous Debility, Varl-
i jgk ! B? '-oce]e. Rheumatism, Lame Back. Lum-
iSfek. i.»ag<j. Sciatica, any case of Kidney Dis-
vfiMsW^ vKfflBS'JSk. ° asc that !ias not " one as far as Brisht's
i .AJCQ&fiSt>w ? p MWi Disease; Indigestion, Constipation or any
1 weakness which I cannot cure with mv
>>gaC»ragpagMB^^l^ggVte n«w Improved Electric Belt, the marvel
' r ? i * == TiAiJn3rS5KVl ffi^ vr^iB it* of electricians, the most wonderful cura-
2 *+y*&fZ*&&\' <V tlve device that has ever been intro-
-¦¦*' .:' 1 '-' duced. This Belt is complete with Free
* _ . _ Electric Suspensory.
¦J This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weaknesses
of men. varicocele. etc. It develops and expands all weak nervw and pWv, f
loss of vitally No case of Failing Vl£or. VarTcoce e of DcbilUy can res^t this"
powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure resist tnis
*? ma^r ShOUl Jv}^, weak « «?° roaa should suffer the loss of that vitality which
renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to become less a man
than nature intended him. no man should suffer when there is at fi a?e"
tain cure for his weakness. ldna a cer
Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart brain nnrt
nerves, from which men surfer, are due to an early loss of nature's reserve
*VI e Z' T ° U w need , nt ? 8uffer i0T th L 8 ' You can *» restored. The very element
Sat^iv?" * T ° U ° an eet and y ° U may be aS happy V any man
My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your oower
It will check all losses of vital power and affects every organ of the body
J%S E2&55MF' wrttei ' March 10: " Tour Belt cu ~* ™ ia-rjx **
in I o«i ( e ssTo e C < LrfnT andS ° f "^ 8quandered th « 8avI "*s of years
My Belt Is easy to use; put It on when you B o to bed; you feel the irlowlne
heat from It (no sting: or burn, as In old style belts), and you feel the neTvef
K " n ° Wln * lDt ° thCm - Y ° U * Ct " P in feelhS
An old man of 70 says he feels aa strong and young as he did at 35 That
shows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism. Septic PainV
Lumbago. Kidney Trouble. Banishes pain In a night, never to return
i Mr. A. C. Hammond. 330 Pine etreet. 8»n Francisco, says, March 20- "At the a*. A f
75 your Belt ha« cured iu« of reneral weakness and kidney trouble^ " g
What alls you? Write and tell me, and no matter where you are I think I can
pive you the address of some one In your town that I have cured I've cured
thousands, and every man of them Is a walking advertisement for my Belt
Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and counsel of a physician
free. I give you all that any medical man can give, and a lot that he eS??
FREE BOOK PTJftJJS"* J^J! Ue me to -**y for »y beautifm iiius-
riVl-rl-. uvviv trated book, with cuts showine how mv Fwt «« «nin.5
fun of good reading matter for men who want to be ?^h™ Noblest wS?knr
God"— A MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book? sealed fr e W
CALL TO-DAT— If you can. call and see me and I wUl show you how you
can be cured and give you a free test of my Belt. CONSULTATION FRFE
Dp. M. C. McLaughlin, «» Mjrk&st.;
Offlc* Sosxa: 8 a, m. to 8 p. m. Sunday*. 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Oo-
lmnbU St. Xmu Ancles, 189 South Sprlar St.While talking and jesting merrily
with companions after lunch yester
day in Station A, 1560 Polk street,
Letter Carrier Charles A. Jennings
fell back in a faint. The ordinary
remedies not being successful. Dr.
Buckley was hastily summoned and
worked half an hour over the patient,
who, however, never regained con
sciousness. Dr. Buckley gave It as
his opinion that death was caused by
heart disease. The decedent was 26
years of age, a native of San Fran
cisco and unmarried.
Letter Carrier Dies Snddenly.
Jabez S. Swan, sign painter, swore
to a complaint before Police Judge
Fritz yesterday charging William J.
X. Robinson, business agent of the
Sign and Pictorial Painters, with
criminal libel. He alleges that Rob
inson has circulated cards asking peo
ple to withhold their patronage from
Swan because he is running an "un
fair" shop. He alleges also that
Robinson refers to him personally in
uncomplimentary terms.
Says He Has Been Libeled.
John Ryan. 103 Hancock street, se
cured a warrant frora Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
"John Doe" Badger on a charge of
disturbing the peace. He wanted to
make the charge threats to kill, but
the'Judge thought the lesser charge
would suffice.
Ryan says that on July IS Badger
called at his house and raised a dis
turbance. Ryan left to get a police
man. "When he returned with one
they were unable to enter the house.
Badger escaped by the rear. It was
discovered that he had driven nails
into the front door s© that It could not
be opened.
On Saturday night Badger called at
the residence of Ryan's sister, Mr3.
Fleming, 215 Harriet street, and told
her he would kill Ryan the first time
he met him. He also called her vile
names and said he had a notion to kill
her. She ran to get her husband and
Badger disappeared. Ryan cannot ex
plain Badger's antipathy toward him.
John Ryan Secures a Warrant for
John Doc Badger's Arrest for-
Distnrbing the Peace.
CAN'XOT UNDERSTAND WIIY
MAX WANTS TO KILL HOI
mother out of the house. On Sunday
h«» drove them out with a hatchet and
«afd he would "chop them up." The
d~ tighter asked for a warrant for
threats to kill.
Miss Marion Stasa. 45S Fourteenth
rtreet. secured a warrant from Police
Judge Coni'an yesterday for the arrest
cf her father, Thomas Stasa, a black
?;--.:!h, on the charge of disturbing the
peace. Hiss Stasa said that her father
had been drir.king for a few days and
took delight In ordering her and her
Wants to -Chop Up" His Family
Stephen Harris, 5 Hunt street, re
ported to the police" yesterday that
during his absence on Sunday some
one entered his house and stole fifteen
pounds of candy valued at $3. A
thorough search of the different rooms
had been made, evidently for coin, but
without success. Mrs. J. Walker. 1432
Sacramento street, who owns a vacant
house at 1210 Waller street, reported
that a stag's head valued at 510 had
been stolen from the house.
Sneak Thieves at Work.
The death yesterday of Mrs. Mary
E. Kilduff of 2913 Laguna street was
reported to Coroner Leland. Mr?.
Kilduff had been tinder treatment for
pneumonia and last Saturday after
noon, while her nurse was temporarily
absent, she either jumped or fell from
the window and landed upon a soft,
grassy spot twelve feet below. Her
attending physician certified that she
was not injured by the fall and that
death was caused by pneumonia. The
decedent was the wife of Frank H.
Kilduff, a dry goods merchant.
Patient Jumps From AVindow.
The opinion is written by Justice
Henshaw and concurred In by three of
his associates. Justice Shaw writes a
dissenting opinion-
Employment agents can charge as
much as they see fit, according to a
decision rendered by the Supreme
Court yesterday. The law can not reg
ulate their profits any more than it
can those of the butcher, the baker and
the candlestick-maker. The measure
that was intended to restrict the rev- I
nue of the agents is declared unconsti- !
tutional and void.
In. response to an appeal from the ¦
laboring ciasses, the State Legislature i
passed a law making It a misdemeanor
for an employment agent to charge !
more than ten per cent of the first :
month's wages for his services.
Under such circumstances the agents :
could net* relieve the Chliaman who ;
was secured a job at 510 a month of j
more than 51 and the Hungarian who I
was sent to do railroad work in Ne- j
vada was good for only 5S.
The employment agents assailed the
measure. C. E. Dickey violated the
law and was arrested. He brought the
case before the Supreme Court on a
writ of habeas corpus.
It is held that the provision Is merely
the limiting of the right of employ- ;
ment agents in the matter of making
contracts. The law has nothing to do
with public health, safety or morals,
and hence is class legislation and in
valid.
Measure Is Shown to Be an
Encroachment on Eights
and Special Legislation
stice Beattv concur.
The Supreme Court has decided that j
the directors of the Hibemla Bank
nay continue to increase the reserve
fund of the institution until they get
tired cf It. The members and alleged ;
xr.err.bers who want a. division of prof- ¦
iia will Ret what is coming to them, i
each according to his deserts, when j
there is a final distribution. This will i
rot be particularly encouraging to '
these who wculd prefer spending some i
cf the rerplxa Instead cf passing their '
dales along to their respective heirs ';
until the bark goes out of business, i
The eviit was Instituted by J. W. Mul- |
cahy. who claimed an Interest In the !
reserve fund cf 52,500,000.
Tfce Kibemia. Savings a-d Lean So- I
ciety was Incorporated in 1S5S under j
tae act cf 1S53. All depositors were
BMXBbcxa and wen entitled to a pro- !
portlocate ehare of the profits. In 1S64 i
the society was reinccrporated under I
the act of US.
The litigants are agreed as to the '
facts up to this time. Mulcahy and
others assert that the new incorpora
tion was simply a continuance of the
first. Certain Martins. Kellys and To
bins e.re cf the opinion that the new
incorporation made a new concern of
the Hibersia Savings and Loan So
ciety.
The Supreme Court does not go into
this question, but granting for the pur
poses cf argument that Mulcahy is a
member, the action of the directors
in refusing to divide that $2,500,000 is
scrutinized. Under the law the direc
tors have unlimited power in matters
pertaining "to the protection of the
bank. If they are of the opinion that
two and a half million dollars is nec
csssxy to liquidate possible losses, their
judgment must stand. It is held, there
fore, .that unless Mulcahy can show
that he is a member and then show
that the directors are acting illegally,
hr must wait until the directors de
cide to divide cr until the concern goes
out cf -t us 5 ness.
Justice Henshaw is the author of the
opldmi. Justices MeFarland. Shaw,
ABSettdttl and Van Dyke and Chief
Members Are Entitled to a
Division of Profit When
Concern Shut3 Its Doors
There waa a woman at the bottom
of the cuttins of Pedro Gastrls' neck
by a razor in the hand of Reyes Cha
vez on the night of July 10 on Pacific
street, but in Judge Fritz* court yes
terday Pedro endeavored to .keep her
out of the case. He testified with a
reluctance (hat indicated disinclination
Fred Fisk, night watchman, found
time hanging heavily on his. hands the
other evening, so he invited a few of
his frier.ds to help him lighten the
burden by accompanying him on a spin
to the beach in a private automobile
entrusted to his keeping. On his re
turn trip, while speeding through the
park, a breakdown occurred, and that's
how Fred's betrayal cf his trust be
came known to his employers. He
promised to pay for the damage to the
auto and Judge Fritz dismissed the
case against him.
John Johnson of S14 Stevenson street
had John Graney arrested for catting
him with a knife, but when the case
was called before Judge Conlan there
was no appearance for the prosecu
tion. Bench warrant issued for Mr.
Johnson and the case continued until
Thursday.
Lena Lancaster, a Porto Rican
danseuse, told Judge Fritz that she did
not much care whether he ser.t her to
jail or dismissed the charge of drunk
enness aeainst her, as business In the
Pacific-street dance hails is very dull
jnst now and likely to remain so until
the \-acation season expires. Her hus
band came all the way from Sacra
mento to plead for her, but she scouted
his aid and yawned while he was in
forming the court that he would like
to take her to the capitaPcity, where
he peddles taznales. She got ten days.
Mary Murphy was singing "Stella"
at four o'clock a. m. on the Barbary
Coast when a policeman interrupted
her vocaiism and incidentally arrested
her for vagrancy.
"Thirty days for you, Mary," said
Judge Conlan, "and I hope that when
you return to freedom you will find
that 'Stella* has had her vogue and
gone to join 'Bedelia.' "
The same Judge then sentenced Julia
U<5ell to twentv-four hours' imprison
ment for vagrancy after the complain
ing officer had testified that she was
too drunk to s:r.g.
"The law will protect your daughter
from this man or any other man who
annoys her." said the Judge to Mr.
Kelly. Carboni was remanded for fur
ther inquiry as to his character.
T. J. Kelly of 2 Chestnut place ap
peared as complaining witness against
Michael Carboni. accused of vagrancy,
and said that it was in protection of
his sixteen-year-old daughter that he
had Michael arrested
"He's a bad actor, this fellow Car
boni," said Mr. Kelly to Judge Fritz,
"and if the court does not aid me In
protecting my little girl from him I
ehall take the law into my own hands.
He Is a loafer and an associate of
criminals, and he has hounded my
child until I am almost afraid to let
her leave home alone."
Carboni, who is about twenty years
cf age. declared that he has been em
ployed en river steamboats, but his ac
cused said that in five years he has
not worked five days.
The object of Mr. Daly's visit to the
Hall of Justice was to procure a war
rant charging Jesse E. Morris with the
authorship of his facial transformation,
said Mr. Morris being then in custody
under accusation of fighting with Wil
liam Wright and John Bocani subse
quent to his fistic attentions to Mr.
Daly. The warrant was refused on the
ground that the applicant was intoxi
cated when he asked for its issuance.
Judge Fritz told him that if he should
return when sober his request would
receive serious consideration.
It was for beating his wife in their
domicile on Seventh street that Mr.
Daly was battered by Mr. Morris. Mrs.
Daly was screaming for help when Mr.
Morris, who chanced to be passing the
house, burst the door and rescued her.
Then, with combined science and
brawn, he beat the face of Mr. Daly
until it was in the condition hereinbe
fore feebly described. After completing
the job to his entire satisfaction Mr.
Morris retired, and about an hour later
was engaged in stern combat with Mr.
Wright. and Mr. Bocani, when his ar
rest occurred.
With due sense of incompetency.
therefore, it is stated that the color of
Mr. Daly's facial cuticle was not indi
cative of the nativity betrayed by his
dialect. His hands and two small
patches cf neck were the only -visible
evidences cf his Caucasian blood. It
was apparent that no portion of his
skin above the. collar line had been
missed by the fists of the decorative
artist' who had treated him. His eyes
were burwd amid black mounds of sable
flesh and his lips were so swollen that
his language wag mutilated. As for his
nose, it zigzagged from base to tip.
His ears, too, were swollen beyond
identification.
•Hike Daly's face was under discus
sion by the loungers in the Police Court
corridors for seme time prior to its
cv.ner's arrival there. Various detailed
descriptions cf it had wafted up from
i he booking cSce on the first floor,
where experts in. physiognomy were
unanimous in the opinion that a more
•weirdly disfigured countenance had nev
er come to their observation. So antici
patory interest was keen when ilr.
Daly stepped out of the elevator. He
emerged with bowed head, and the
<?ager ones who pressed forward to peer
under his hat brim fell backward with
munr.urs expressive of affright, ad
miration and sympathy when he lifted
his chin and displayed a visage bat
tered almost beyond human semblance.
Veteran ring-goers declared without re
serve that nothing to compare with it
in point of general dilapidation had
ever been produced within a roped
arena— not even in the good old days
of London rules and bare knuckles.
And all beholders agreed that the ad
vacce tips from the booking oQce be
low were miserably misleading: also
that to attempt anything like adequate
description of Mike Daly's face as it
then appeared would be gross presump
tion.
Pat Sheedy, arrested for drunkenness,
first held up his right hand, then his
left hand % then both hands, to empha
size his oath that he was not a vagrant,
but a ruralist from Brentwood, who had
come to town to spend a portion of his
savings in riotous living. Judge Fritz
accepted the plea and dismissed the
man, who hurried away with the air of
one who realized that he had a very
narrow escape from a long term in jail.
Edward Sullivan and John Brady
were the names they gave. Mr. Sulli
van wore the conventional garb of the
cowboy favored by Frederic Reming
ton, and Mr. Brady, although less pic
turesquely costumed, looked as if he.
too, knew something about cattle. They
were vaqueros, they said, and Sullivan
was returning from the water front,
where he had left a bunch of steers for
shipment, when he overtook Brady,
who was afoot, and invited him to ride.
The invitation was accepted and the
horse was carrying them to their re
spective homes when "the fresh guy
with the Panama lid" attempted to be
funny at their expense. Suddenly the
horse became uncontrollable and
dashed for the, man on the sidewalk,
but whether- it was resentment of that
person's uncalled-for jeer or desire to
eat the hat that actuated the animal
neither of the defendants would under
take to say. The horse was usually
tractable, and what possessed him to
become revolutionary on that particu
lar occasion defied surmise.
The case was dismissed.
• • •
Policeman Dolan said it reminded him
of Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, and
that never in his extended experience
as a guardian, of the peace of Market
street at night had anything like it
come within his sphere of observation.
It was about 1 o'clock in the morning,
he testified, when a horse with two men
astride its back galloped over the
asphaltum and drew sarcastic comment
from flippant persons on the sidewalks.
One of the latter wore a Panama hat,
and his jeering remark about cruelty
to animals was Instantly followed by
the horse suddenly swerving and dash
ing for him at full gallop, chasing him,
while the rider who held the reins urged
It to eat the hat. If the officer had not
intervened and caught the animal's
bridle the pursued man would either
have been trampled down or had his
hat utilized for forage. The riders were
arrested, of course, and there Ihey were
to sDeak for themselves.
Frank Bandry of 1161 Mission street
was chasing his wife and threatening
to let out her life by means of a butch
er knife when hs was arrested for dis
turbing the peace.
"You may send him to Jail if you
lite," said the woman to Judge Conlan,
"for I'm tired of begging him off every
time he gets into trouble for abusing
me."
"Are you sure you'll stick to that pol
icy?" his Honor inquired.
"Sure." was the answer.
"Well, I'll sentence him to-morrow,"
Eaid the Judge.
As Mrs. Bandry left the courtroom
her firmness of step indicated inflexibil
ity of resolution. But the Judge appar
ently did not regard her mind as abso
lutely unchangeable.
to Drosecute, angered Assistant Dis
trict Attorney. Harris and brought
sharp reproof from the bench. By per
sistent questioning, however, the attor
ney finally compelled him to admit
that he saw Chavez emerging from a
saloon with a woman named Julia, and
that Chavez* had thereupon attacked
him with a razor, almost cutting his
head off. Further than that he would
not testify-, but detectives were there
v.ith proof that Julia was his consort
and that he had attacked Chavez, who
wielded the razor in self-defense. Case
continued till Saturday.
ONE JUSTICE DISSENTS
3IULCAHY LOSES APPEAL
Directors of the Hibernia
Bank Get Definition of
Status by Supreme Court
Supreme Court Thinks That
Employment Agents Have
Option to Fix Own Fees
Police Experts in Physiognomy Award to
f Mike Daly's Countenance the Palm
for Disfigurement Neatly Executed
DECLARES LAW
TO BE INVALID
RESERVE FUND
REMAINS SAFE
WIFE-BEATER'S VISAGE
ARTISTICALLY BATTERED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUIA*. 26. 1901.
11
Ye Olde EnsIL-h Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Eabs &
Jules". That's alL •
rummer mom
California Northwestern Railway
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA
DEER HUNTING.,,
i The best Fishing and Hunt- \
ing in California is along this
road, witl-in a few hours'
ride g)l San Francisco.
The DEER SEASON opens
July 15th in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August 1st in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma
County; J'. ly 15th in Marin
County.
Black Bass Fishing...
Opened July 1st. These are
plentiful in the Russian River,
particularly in the vicinity of
Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tionJ i* f* >>
TAKE YOUR ROD— Our Rivers
and Streams are full of Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game Laws are enforced along
this road. Consult "VACATION,
igo4," to be had at the offices of the
Company. It will tell you where you
can camp or board, and be near your
game.
Ticket Offices. (B0 Market st. (Cbroalclo
building) and Tlbaron Ferry; General Office
Mutual Life Building, corner California aad
Eansome sts.. San Francisco. Cal. .
JAS. L. FRAZIER. General Manager.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
SEIGLERs^
Natural Hot Plunge and Steam Baths. Posi-
tive cure far rheumatism, asthma. Wonderful
waters for liver, kidney and all stomach trou-
bles. Swimming road, orchestra. Fare $3 re-
turn trip. Electric lights. Housekeeping cot-
tages. Arsenic beauty baths. Rates ?10 to $12
per week. Baths and amusements free. H. H.
McGOWAX. prop.. Seicler, Lafca Co.. CaL
EO TOE CAX? SEISS2! K£"3T EJfGLASD EOXSI
Located in a beautiful grore close to the
lake; fine pUyjrrcuad for the childrea: awinss.
croquet, bowline aad tennis, boating and tath-
ln«. pavtlioas with pianos, fresh fruits la
plenty. Board and lodging, only $6 to $J er
week. Address GEORGE HARISON. Cains
Meeker. Sonoma Cocaty. .
XXVXBSTDX? HOTEL aad COTTAGES
— Near beach: 3O acres beautiful grounds: »p«-
eial rates to families: write for booklec F.
BA F.SOX. Proprietor. Santa Cruav
BZLLETrXJE HOTEL, El Veraao, So-
noma Co^ Cal Terms. It day aad up: hot
mineral sprtcss near b7. Long distance tel«.
ptone; dally mall. JOHN SERRE3. Proprietor.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crux Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping or
campiss. A. J. GIBBS, ilgr.. Gibt*, C*i.
•
BARTLETT.
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT does not guarantee to cure
ail the ills that . humaalty Is heir to, but
thousands of people hava bees benefited
by the use cf Bartlett Water aad many
cured.
If you would lmsrove> your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springs, where there Is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements asd com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottage*. S3 00 to S3 CO per
we-k.
Send for a booklet that will tell yoa all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAX. Bartlett
Springs. CaL. cr call at 2 Sutler St., Saa
Fraaclsco.
There is a big cement
tank full of warm mineral
water at...
AETNA SPRINGS
On warm sunny days it
echoes with fun and frolic.
Just send for Booklet.
AETNA SPRINGS CO.,
Napa Co., Calif.
Santa Gatalina Island
3H Hours* From Les Angeles. Seuon 1904.
Our Famoos Marine Band.
Huatlng mountaia goat, salltag.
gcif. tennis and the fioest n^hing oa the
coast.
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furalsaed tests at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metroaoie.
Modern !n all particulars.
For further Information address
PECKS INFORMATION BtTREAU 11
Montgomery »t_, or BANNING CO.. 223 S.
Spring st.. Los Arjteles.. \
Hotel EL CARMELO
Pacific Grov». California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with bosa« comforts.
The dace to «D«ad yotir vacation with your
family. Surf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board t- 10 a day upward, cheaper th^n
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GEO. H. CORDT. Manager.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
IS FINISHED.
Ev»rr one knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney disease*.
WHT EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas ca the Russian Rrver
below Guemeville la a grove a mile and a half
ioi.g. skirting the river: teaals courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam la the river; 4 miles
of smccth water for boating and bathlag
Adults $2 per day. $10 p«r week; childrea
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May L Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIVS. CamD Vacation, "Vacation" P. O~. So-
noma County. CaL
SXAKX WEST SPSI2T3S.
H. KOENER. Prop. MHS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER will manage springs;
many improvements; new cemeat bathhouse,
and gas all over place: |2 day; J10 and S12
•week. Office. 833 Larkin 8t., cor. Geary or
Mark ~U>at Springs. Santa Roaa. Rural So. 8.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BesTrtck. Slskiyoti Couaty. California.
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
IJ> differeat mineral springs. Iafut matloa at
Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery at., or at J.
MARTENS. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. CaL
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively improved; 1800 feet altitude; no
fcg; climate delightful; large orchard; vegetabls
garden; hot. cold baths; spring water; cemeat
swimming tank. 4 Ox SO. Rates S3 week up; stags
meets train. Schuler St Scheben. Napa. CaL
JOHANNISBERG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming, beat-
leg; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBXTRG JR.. Prop.. Oakville. Napa Co.. or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 3O Montgomery st.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPREVG3
STAGE LINE — Hooland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passeagers far Lakep^rt
and Bartlett Springs. Stages coaaect wita
trains at HcpTand. Leave Hoplaad at 12: JO;
arrive at LakeDort at 3:30; arrive -At Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New ft- horse 14-pajsengsr
tourist wagcn», with all the most modern im-
provements. , Passengers for Lakeport cr Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased a: ofae*
of California N. XV. Ry., 650 Market St.. or
at Tlburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
WHITii SULPHITE SPBEiQS, Vails jo,
Cal. — Most accessible springs to San Kranctsco;
round trtD SI. no stage fare; only 2Vi hoars*
ride; 3 miles from Vallfjj; hot, cold and
pluage sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheu-
matism, neuraljrda. eczema, kidney Hver »"^
Etomach diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak»
for bo a tin* and bathing. Dancing pavilion.
New bowltax alley aad shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
OVnX In mountains CAMP
ST/aS3£ES HOIdTJ of Sonoma Co. SCEEKira
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling Jio
up; cottages built by Meeker. S3O up: depot;
stores; restaurant: hotel; post and express;
telephone: sawmill: SCO lots sold: 30O cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. N. S. R, R. M. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma Couaty.
OCCTDEKTAX. H0TZ3. EATWABSS.
First-class resort: teaais. croquet, bowiiag,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. Prop.;
phone Black 1-iL .
KOSTXC SHOBS nOTZl — On Tomalea
Bay. Good table and accommodations RoO9«
gas -lighted. Prices Tery reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marsha!!*. Maria Couaty. CaL
SCHAEX-EK'S OEOTE— BOSS VA^U^ET.
Private boarding; terras reasonable. Teaat
meets Sunday morning trains. Address ilftx
MATT LINDSAY. Boas StaUoa. .. . .*.
Tuscani
Mineral Springs.
OFE2T EVEBT BAT ZS TfiB TSAS.
TO VTHOM IT MAT CONCERN: : A rear aad
three acatas ago I «aj attacked with that j
terrible disease, locotnotor ataxta. Power to i
S*** 0 **. staad. cr evea sit dowa. ectlrely lost, j
two best doctors of Saa Fraadsco aad Hot
bprings. Ark., failed to help me. My stoas-
•cr. foweu aad kldaeys failed to work. I had
ca 'f rr^ of «to=ach head «ad bladder as a re-
«j-it c. the dise&se; the«e trcutles becaase j
chroBic At tises ray heart would b-at like »
orura. ray »yes gr«w weak, 'aiy raeiaory bad.
rcy nerves wrecked. Tfc*ee mcatas ago I weat
to Tuscan Spriags. Whit happeaed stace -was
* Pieaaaat surprise to me. Drank the waters,
tooK the baths— after three weeks' treataieat
etocaeh. bowels, bladder «=d kldaeys !a per-
rect ccadlti^i. eyesight perfect, aerrousaee* I
•?••*; good. After three deaths' treat- |
cierii, walked without a eaae. wtta eyes elo»ed i
¦aa up aad down steep hills; am cured cf this
oread disease, cow walk with slight ltasp.
M*ve run stores in eeveateea towns of th»
State of CaU.-orala; ara well kaown la dorwn-
town dl«trlcts of Saa Fraadsco: laqulry th*r»
wui prove truth of my helpless condltlca three
°*°oths tso. Further lafonaxtioa. adi.-^s
LOCIS JACOBS. S Stocktca it, Saa Fnacisco. \
Cal
We have huadreds ef tesUaioalals frera i
others. Sead SOc ta rtaajps for bottle of
•tociaeh aad catarrh Salts. Rouad-trtp Uckets
at reduced rates. Soirthera Paciac.
TUSGAM MINERAL SPRIMGS CORP.,
Tuscan. Cal.
AguaCaliente
Springs
We have added aiaay NEW attractlaas to
this beautiful aad romaatle spot: opea an the
year rennd: the nearest Hot Sulphur Spriags to
San FrandBcc. teicperature 115 degrees; ao
etasiag; fare SI 10: sure cure far rheuiaatlsra.
asthn^a and all kladred allmeats. We have five
aiftcrent Hot Sulphur Sprtaga; tab «ad phiag»
batis acd th» largest taiaerai water rwlasia?
taak ta tae Statt. Table aad rooma ar- first
class. Ratei S2 per day. S12 to SU per week.
Ep-elal rates to faaiilies aad half rates to call-
drea. Ic<xulre at Peck's. 11 Uontgoaiery st.
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua. CaUeat*
Springs, coiionja Cooaty. CailTorala.
W» have erected a stoae buildlag. ascdera
di£lag-rooia: caa seat 430 guests.
Situated la Veadcme Park of 12 . x
acres, a eharaiiag suiaiaer resort:
bcth city and couatry advantages;
automobile garage oa the grouads
free to guests. Bataicg F*TU5on.
bowling alleys, tenntt. etc New aa-
to read map of the couaty Balled oa
application.
J. T. BROOK3. Maaagee. ; *¦
k —
PIBAISO SPRINGS
Monterey County, CaL
The njoet popular sanitary aad h-ajts
rescrt la Callforala. Ccaipletety renovated
and trcpraTed. No winds or fcga. «a<J rar-
pass!ag!y graad mountaia and valley sees-
ery. Hot soda aad sulphur baths. larg«
swtoimlag taak aad excellent Uble. Writ*
for bcoklet aad particulars to F. W
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S DjI
FORM AXIOM BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
uK/iUUU CO^»TT: oaly 4^ hours
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: best natural
hot tatneral water '¦ bath la State. FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AXD STAGS SERVICE: bcth
morning and afternoon stages. Roond trip
from Saa Francisco only J5 30L Take Tlhuroa
ferry dally at 7:30 a. a. or 2:30 p. cj.
Ratea C a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest cf the past niae yearai. Informatlcn at
Tourist Information Bcr^ax 11 Montgocnery
st_ or of J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. CaL
CAMP CURRY j
Get circulars at all railroad offices. « .
• Advertised by 40OO gaesta. I
YOSEMITE |
LAUREL DELL,
Th» Si*it=«rlaad of America.
THE ROBSOX ORCHESTRA COMPACT
aad DR. MONROE CAI.I.K.VDER will fumisn
tha best taasic ever played at say resort la
the State. "Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
ran. mlaeral cprlags. new livery. EDGAR
DCRNAN". owner aad proprietor. Laarcl Cell
F. O.. Laie County. CaL
LAKE COUNTY
New, comfortable earrtagea direct ta tie-
isost pfeturesque • pcrtloa of Calif omU. Best
equipped stage line ia the State. Leaves Catlj.
toga daily (Scaoays excepted) at 11:30 a. a..
direct to Hartla. 3elgl-r. Ada=a. Howard An-
derson. Hobergs, Splera, .Vstargs aad G>a-
brook: half hour for luach at Callstoga; aijo ta
Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyrlll* aad
Lakeport. Livery ta ccnr.»<:t1o3.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LA HONDA AND PESCADERO
Bay your railroad ticket to Redwood City; a
a. ta. traia. 3d aad Townsend, aad 9:2) a, ra.
train frora Saa Jose connect with stages direct.
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City'
CaX *^*
¦ imiwia Mealo Park, one hoar from
n I A lect clka*"; b-»uUTul pu=e;
II Wl I 1 w coiarort and quiet; cxcell«at
Uble.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. iSgr^. HaKfa School.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM
' Not a hospital: best equipped ca Coast; moC
era tmproTemrnta; largs tremtmeat rooms;
Ideal location; S«4 acres; cne block frctn street
ears: write for lltera&re. Saa Jose. Cal.
DUNCA N SPBINGS
TWO 25XLES FSOM H0FT*A3rD.
Fine medlclaal waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $13 per week.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Extensively taproved: new hotel; gu light,
large dlaias-rcom. telephone, boating. fisMag.
swimssiag. bowllair. daaclag. ail aE.usem*nLs.
Personal araaageme&t. Get booklet. 3O Moat-
gomery atrecc W. A. McCORNACK. Pro»,
Grand ajujuujuuu
HcctricalE , T g Concerts
ISSJNewa Daily
•J354J4 3 3 "sTnrjnnrjf/ro-
iSants Cruz^
32JJJL2_2JIJI Finest JUJLflJL2.2>
R.ar, S '. Surf £ p^vV $ Fire*oriu
Baths £ On the 2 Roof Garden*
, Dancing £ Coa5t £J Siwantr
Bojtinj and g of Theatricals
Fine Salmon U Some- 2 VaudeviK*
Fishing £ thing 2 Sp*cU!»ie»
Lovely Drmjg DqJjjq 3 j* j*
Aloa$ the C _ii f yT 3 Special Rat»
C°*>t™* C r WC 3 vl,S.P.Ry
; Throe jh ihr f> lEEC e. During the
Redwoods o"B*a"a"fl'3 S SS S Entire Seajca
I Spend Your Vacation
for &2O at
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs
The moat ideal reaurt for Di«*«ar» «w*
health on trie Pac!3« Coaat. Err rcuad
trip ticket froa San F-»-.?'jco to Saa
Luis Hat Su!phar Springs. Saa Lai*
Ohispo. CaL. MZd retara. lacrsdlrg stag*
to asd from iprisgs and oaa week's
board for f20.00 to fZ2.OO. according
to lecatloa of rootax cr board aad accosi-
tsc«!3tlGS9 *:».<*¦> t3 912.00 r»r w*ek.
Scenic «arroaadl3g5. fre« fcatii:-.?.
bcattag astS Cstilnx on ground*. Vina
¦bad? walk?, teaala aad croquet *r-u=.i».
£aac« pavilion fcr gaests. Fla« »e»
beach cs« rr.:> froa Hst Sa!s!rsr Spring*
Cctfages and farattur* ar« a!! tr». Oas
throughout bulldtags aad grouad*. Our
table i» w»;: as^olied with, tie beat t.i»
market afards. Our (tag* cseets tralaa
arrtrlag at San Lais Obisso at 3:13 p. o.
every day (ezcect Suaday).
Tt:» la so hcoltal or saaatortoai.
WHY NOT SPEND YOUB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SUPF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
i
n\/n nil Hot s^ 2 **: « i^* saox.
I I V I I 1 I HI frn Pa^'Sc: 2H hour* frora
IK I K I I nj c »a rraaclsco. * tralaa
It I II luxurious isiaenru
U I IIUII • r - 1 BB4 batas: feotei
| caioua la «:»:.-« aerrtos
aad appolatmeats. l^oraaUoo ax S. P. Co.
Bur au. £13 Market st.. Peck's Burtao. 11
Mcttgcia«ry it., or B. B. WAiOfER. B/roa
Hot S;rt=iJ. CaL
TDTl. O. O. O'DOlTN'EaL.lj'S
MINERAL SPRINGa AT GLEJ* r:.r r g\-,
tha best ca.zi~-.2i. pteslc acd pleaaur* r«-
s«rt oa th« coast. Th« greatest. r»— .••iy for
rasg d!seas«. liver aad rtomacn eom^lalata.
rheurcatlsai and catarrh ia th« w-r:d; H
1 naies from S. F. The S. P. R. R. aad 3. T.
i * N. P. R. B. give ipecial rat«s to ea3»p#rt;
I 30 cottages and teats furnlahed; rest ch?*o;
eo fears ncr pcisoo o&k at th« park; nr!ner%t
water, beats, b&thlsr and fiahlag fre«. lOata
¦erved at Hotcf Rtreraid* at rvaaooabU rates.
IaquJre of DR. C. C CDO.VSELI. ori--»
Id Ii- Varkst St.. bat. sixta aad S«rcatb. Saa
Praadsea.
BoUl del Caxadczo— Giant Redwood
Grove; frse Campiag. Huatisg. fisaia*. ta:aiag
¦boatiar. danctag. livery »tkSt»; firs:-c:a*i
board. Sausalito ferry: round trip. $3 T3. g-x>rt
¦U ntcaths. Rates. t2 day. StO to Sit we^k:
reduced raws by the moath. Vtlla Iota far s\.».
J. J. THIRION. Prop., Casadem. Soacx=* Co..
CaL. cr North Sh.cr« Railroad. CS Market st.
K^^S^K^S-I T ET* INJ TP <S.
g^r fesq ?
F *"**. .,. rJyy 1 EiT«
y? A. ?T.rT2E2£X2.
• > TeU Ma!a 1*9. Ill Cay St.
LAKE TAHOC RAILWAY AXD
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Cocaeca at Traeiee wtta trala laartag 3- T.
at 8:0» p. ia. Rrturaiag. eonaecti a: Tracie*
wlta traia rweaiag S. F. at 1:30 a. av t
THE TALLAC, 1^^
Cafe Eui'ipeaa. S:r««, msU!s aad children.
Aaiericaa plan. Prices notr as low as aay ho-
tel en laka. Serrtcc accosu=c<Jat:cas. boatias
aad UT«ry ***** *
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
• LAKE TAHOE.
Beside the usual attractions of a Lajc« Tahi3«
reacrt w« have the caly hot spriags. the saosi
sheltered shore aad best SahJag. FRANK 3.
ALVEKSON. Maaaxer. r
STJBICO3 7AJUC— A delightful resort
en shores of Ljlxs Txhoe. Best saady beaci>
fcr bataiag ca tfce lake. Flae ffy Caiiag aad
huatiag ta scasca. Boats, fishing tackle *_3i
hsrsea at r.cd«n:* hire. Rates S2 a day oe
from $!•) to Sift per week. P. O. aad telephcae,
A. L> FROST. Raaleca Park. Lake. Taaoe. Cal.
T\VVD P4DIT IVV* 2 * 1 eo«*K«: • «sQ?%*7ori
1/CCK IABu l^.'Liie Taaoe; epea Jt&e 1;
eUvatlca €ZOZ feet: raiaeral sprtsgs. Boca!«C
TraTalers* Cfflce. 30 Montgsaiery st.
J. B. SCOTT. fJeer Park. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Ftahiiis: tocata: exceUrat tabl«; cUaatt per-
fect; Id iai:*s from Truckee. ta aa uabroksa
fcrest. For laiora^ticii iaqulra at Traveler
fcfSce. 30 Mistsoraery St.. Peck's lafdrraatisa
Bureaa. cr lira. II. M. ClesioEj. TrucStee. Cal.
, —
C1KFBSLL EOT SPSZZraS.
la Sierra Nevada Houataias", Couaty.
5CCO feet elavattaa. Ar» t«auuru!ly loca>»a
at tae head ol tie great Sierra Valley, an
cues len* by » a:ll«s sM» surroc-viing wateo.
Is tfie great prlajeva! forest or plae aad a>.
s=«cUtty Js Eiade cf tie tabl?. Tee ho: s?rtag-«
are naeoaaljd fcr tie cur* of rhearaatiiaj.
gcut. lr«r «ad Wdaey ccrapUrata aad all ttoo-l
i aad s»ta diseases. Rates for room aad board.
i Sit to S12 per week. Rouad trip froa £aa
I rraadseo to springs via Boca. Sit SO. Stag*
I AaUy except Suaday. coaaccts? w-.ia * tk a*.
' txkta Crcai Saa rraacUoo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Summer Waistcoat
ct "washable" material be kept in
perfect crder— "as good as new" — If it
is left in our hands to be laundered
<-*ften enrs-ogh to keep It clean and to
retain its fhape and style. We make
a specialty cf this class of summer
-work ar.d ask yoa to try our facilities
cne« — ycuil be here again.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
10O4 JtAJUEET STXEXTT.
Te>-irre Scatfe 430.
z^px Every Woman
i^'V <v> . • . "i| >»' ML j Irtexes^ti is.i ¦WU'I know
it L .¦!«••• '« S»V iA abont the won<lerfsl
1* AST SL'Vfl MARVIL tthiriing Spray
\ -¦»•««. i «.£*,,. li*«t-3a£-
N». \ -2? t - Mo « s ConresJeat
¦! ii '~ It a»MM%r» l—twrtly.
Ait rtmr «r«ct!M *•» t. ffL. _
rrum . ¦mnn — \W '" ••'¦'^ <^>-^_
«-t»»T. o-j •r-rm tixmp for \-. t^-''''^ j
tLai*tr»t*C hack —we. '.n.yr* V s -, # '.i'f
f::-i p»rtwr»i»r» xail •{•.r«*^i«t:i Ui- fy-i I £
t»:»«t>uUi.ei MIRVIXCO^^J ¦ m
iiruklUw.Stwlwk.
ZZ2 New Mccigcrrcry. Saa TraceiJico. CaL
VTCBatn H/Uiercta (Ladles' I>?t.). 221 Sutler.
Veins Drue Co., ««> gutter Bad 100 Stockton.
Oag&ol Britten.. 7th «n3 lircaiwaj, OafcUnd.
ZUliwiz. P^artnacy 11» Cm
j*f£ZZ&,B MENANDWOMEH.
•V^-^^rKZe^S Cte Big O tar csnatuml
£jBjr** t •• t fen)v& d>tch»n«aj3£astmi.tioaa.
f-.'f-J 1-u.ish M t.-ritaUasf cr e!cer»Us&j
gf«*J »« %m orwr:-.. ** c ; jsacoss B»e=:bru>r».
>^7 rrw«»c««ueta»- F*:='.««. tci sot utrts-
P> » fTg Ef JJtSaXHZAlCa. s »=t or tcixcBCC*.
V»VsX Uk. a. jTjjtr «T ««=t in sU!» wr»pp«.
fWnpk, dflffl by *x»r*n. prepaid, ta*
r ™ Orcslar *rsi oa tcaseit
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
oa Application.
F2ZSK A3TO K*.T.T MEATS.
«A2. LUIL3 tt tU. pay. TeL Maia i:a4
errs.
X-UJiSICATTKlJ CV.^~: LEONARD fc ELLIS.
<1% Vrrct rt.. S. r. Phcsc ilita 1TI9.
I r FFfifTFv pmxteh.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1004.
12
BY a reliable woman with a boy 8 Jiw."
housekeeper; no objections to the country.
31 Lafayette, off Mission, bet. 11th and l-tn.
A COMPETENT middle-aged Gerrnan woman
wishes housekeeper's position. 5-» U P- A
dress box 2SS0, Call office.
GOOD dressmaker will reduce her price from
$2 50 to $1 75 a day during the dM [season,
references. Address 2845A Mission st.
WANTED^Poaitlon as housekeeper; have ex-
perience with children. Address box -!-«>.
Call office. -
WOMAN wants sweeping or light washing or
chamber work by day or hour: 20 cents an
hour. Call or address So-i^ Mission st.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes work by the day
cr at home; $2 and lunch. 27B Pearl St..
between Valencia. Market and Thirteenth.
WANTED— A position by a flrst-class seam-
stress and upstairs girl: references; wages
$25 to $30. Box 2475, CalL _
A YOUNG woman with references wants house
cleaning by the day. $1 50 and car fare.
769 McAllister st.; basement. '.¦:.' "T
A NEAT, responsible housekeeper, with a
child 5 months old. wishes position; country
preferred. 553 Stockton st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will work after.
noons; 75c. Box 24C0. Call office. - ~ -?*
SITUATION wanted by German girl as house-
keeper. Box 2463. Call office^ ¦ .¦^•.\-'.
WANTED — Position by a youn_ lady for any
kind of work. MISS B.. 304 B Seventh st.
— — ——_————______ "-N.
SITUATION as a cook. 102 Austin ar«.
YOUNG girl wishes position a- governeia.
Box 2473. Call j>t flee.
POSITION as waitress; short hours. Box 2383.
Call office.
WANTEE* — Position as hotel manager; fifteen
years'- experience. Box 2391, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day. 746 Howard st.
A YOUNG Japanese girl wishes a position as
schoolgirl near the. Japanese Mission. - T. ;
AONO. 1911 Bush sC * - > ' . '
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ata.
-MPLOYMEBT WA-TTEP— -__X_.
AS cook; hotel cr restaurant; 33 years' ex-
perience In California; also oa bread and
pastry. FRED JONES, Sherman House,
Eighth st.
BARBKR — Flrst-class, wants steady position
in city or country. Address J. A. WEBB.
7en McAllister st. ¦ •>.•*
SITUATION' by industrious young man as ship-
ping or receiving clerk. O. B., 604 Guerrero.
SITUATION wanted as choreman In prlvat-
famlly; understands care of horses, cows,
chickens, etc.; is able and willing to do hard
work; will book for steady work the year
round; will come well recommended by last
employer, wbere I served 3% years; will
serve a mining or logging camp or any other
institution; $40 and board. Box 2751, CalL
WANTED — Any good steady chorework or
caretaker, suburb- or small country town,
help around place of trust, either aged in-
valid or kind people only," by young, com-
petent, reliable- New York State, American,
willing man. 34: best habits; references; no
teainster: can milk: reasonable wai— _. Ad-
dress P. J. F., box 2468. Call office.
AN experienced buyer and manager Is -open
for an engagement; general merchandise;
specialty, clothing, hats, furnishing, goods;
can manage men and handle stock to make
money; principals only. Box 2765. CalL
AN elderly man. best references, wishes posi-
tion as elevator runner or watchman; speaks
and writes English. French and German.
Box 2745. Call office.
THOROUGH mechanical draughtsman, good
designer and detailer; 16 years' experience;
mining, stationary and general work; wishes
work at home. Address box 2737, Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; good designer
and detailer: 18 years' experience; mining,
stationary, power plants, factories; wants
. position or work at home. Box 2735, Call.
GERMAN, sober, reliable, understands care of
horses, garden, etc. : can milk; wants situa-
tion on private place; city or country. Box
2489, Call office.
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate . and
- strictly reliable, with knowledge of book-
keeping and , business experience, wants po-
sltlon; references. Box 2397. Call efflce.
SOBER man wants place do chores; under-
stands horses: can milk: also housework:
moderate wages; good home preferred. Box
2718. Call office.
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man would
like position as manager of hotel; any size.
Address T. C. KING. Hotel Sequoia. 808
Geary st.
YOUNG man wants position as fireman around
Institution; city or country; steady and
handy. Box 2375, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS machinist and dlemaker
.wants position: expert on tools; references
given. Box 23S6. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER. German, speaks little Eng-
lish understands- the whole furniture busi-
ness. SCHMITT. 16 Moss st.
WANTED — By steady, Industrious young man,
position as shipping clerk; experienced; best
city references. Address box 2392, - CalL
MIDDLE aged, i active man wants position as
watchm<ui or Janitor: strictly tempera .te;
bond If required; references. Box 2780, CalL
PAINTER, paper-hanger and ttnter; first class;
has all tools; will work reasonable. Ad-
dress 529 Geary St.; phone Larkln 1-03.
WANTED — Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
BARBER wants -position in city or country.
Address box 2471. Call office.
WANTED — A position as bartender. S
WOLF, 36 Fourth at.
PORTER wants lob. 215 Stevenson st.
PLATEN pressman wants position. Address
A. B. C. 1529 O'Farrell St.
SITUATION in dry goods house. Box 2717.
Call office. -
WANTED— Position as salesman. Apply F.
NELSON. 714 Bush st.
WANTED — Situation In bathhouse. T. H.
BLACK. 36 Fourth st.
WANTED — BY flrst-clasa bookkeeper, set of
books to keep evenings. Box 2739. Call.
WANTED* — A position as clerk. Box 2724. Call
office. ';>T;-i
AN experienced city salesman wishes grocery
specialty on commission. Box 2474, Call.
.
CARPENTER wants _work; rough or finish-
ing; city or, country. Box -716. Call.
MAN wants work as laborer. Call at 1832
. Powell st., city.
ELEVATOR operator wants place. O. FARGO.
347 Kearny st. * /
CHINESE flrst-class cook wishes a position
¦ in family: references all good. Box 3SO6.
Call: telephone China 146. from 9 to 11 a. ro.
A flrst-class cook wishes position-
Add:^«fcAHLaY^27_W^ver2y_£lac«^^^
CHINESE, flrst-class cook, wants place. ¦ 744
Washington st.
i CHINESE, first-class cook, wants place In pri-
vate family. W. FOO. 1006 Stockton st.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants position as
waiter In nice family; city, or country;. un-
• derstands housework thoroughly and speaks
well. T. GEORGE, care Japanese Mission,
1 Chatham place, off Bush st.
A POLITE Japanese, who can do plain cook-
Ing, wishes situation as schoolboy; speaks
' English: references. S. K., 1329 Pine- St.-
tel. Larkln 2011
A JAPANESE High School student want- _
situation as schoolboy; plain cook;- nice
waiter; all housework understood; $2 week
Box 3809. CaU office. .'
JAPANESE wants situation to do cook'nir-
. good family; has recommendations. \a_re«d
T. II. care 1613 Van Ness ave.. :ity.
A FCL1TE Japanese, who can do plain cock-
ing, wishes situation as schoolboy speiks
English: references. S. K.. 1329 Pt» »t •
tel. . Larkln 2oll. , ' ""
A JAPANESE well educated boy wants a po-
sition tor elevator or other Job during night
from 7 d." m. to 11 p. • m. ; room out. Box
3810, Call office.
¦ ¦i i ¦ - ' ' ¦ —---— —i '' '
JAPANESE couple . want situations, man as
cook, wife waitress and do housework; refer-
cricep. $50. 1206 San frablo ave.. Oak ian.l.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position
as schoolboy. 807 Polk at.. GEAN HARI.
NICE Japanese boy wants position as schoolboy
or housework; speak- well. M.K.. 1431 Buah.
JBUS-OTSSJDHAWCES;
\— $100 SALOON on Turk »t.; net rent $150; 6
* ye.-u- Uastr; elegantly fltte. up place and
fcojd paying busi!ifc_s. Call K. U. \\ 1LK_,
-tiVs Kearny -t.
A— $750 GROCERY and bar with 6 living
rooms; rint $--; vicinity of Harrison and
Fourth fcts.; value in eight. See K. O.
WILlvE, __»_ Kearny gt.
A— $1500; WHOLESALE bakery; daily sales
about j_0; cew wacon, - horses, etc; rent
$45; -luck at Invoice; only cash trade; a line
business offer. Particular* R. -. WIL1CE,
_UVs Kearny st. v
A— $750; SALOON, with rcoms; rent $27 50;
cstabl. years; this Is a good place for man
and wiie; location the best. Call R. G.
WILKL'. -ti's Kearny tt.
A— (-050 ; COOKER grocery and bar; rent $40;-
the choicest location :n the Mission; place
established years and first-class paying; full
\a!ue in sight. See K. O. WiLKE. 26h
Kearay st.
A— $17C0; GROCERY and bar; located In the
Le»t rc-nufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trade; rent' $:;0; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE. -tH* Kearny st.
A— $15,000; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will take a partner for $SO0O;
this is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying place la thU city. Par-
tic-!ar» R. G.- WILKE. 2dH Kearny at. \
A — $C-00; CORKER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying lager beer saloons of this city;
fullest lnvertigatlon solicited; a rare chance;
"ease. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1800; ROADHOUSE. with fine living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall, 2 stables, etc. ;
a we!l-ad\-ettls*d and good-paying house.
Call R. G. WILKE. 'M% Kearny st.
A— rjfJOOC; CORNER aaloon. with 4 years'
lease; about % blcck from Market and Ellis
«U_; place doing a rushing business; value
in sight; owner must leave for the East.
See R. i_. WILKE. 264 Kearny -t. - -»r*
A— $S50; COHNER saloon; rent $30; located
about 1 blcck south of Market and Powell
•it.; a rood business: owner engaged In
other b_«l:vss cause of bale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. -6V4 Kearny St.
A— $_(p00: CORNER ealconwith 4 year*' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years; a
first-class paying i lace. See R. G. WILKE,
26 u, Kearny st.
A — $1000: RARE chance, t -rare chance, rare
chance; restaurant in San Rafael; dally re-
i-^ipt* <•_.%; rent $30; good business; value
In sight: p&tronUed by best class of people.
be* R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; SALOON ia the Potrero. with 6
rcom«; rent $50; place established many years;
good business; Investigate; this Is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A — $800: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a flne business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $4300; SALOON, located in * Watsonvllle;
rent $47 50; 3 years' lease: a splendid chance;
there are only 25 saloons allowed in the
town. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 %
Kearny et.
A— f2.100; LEADING hotel In the best business
'own SO miles from city; 40 rooms: bar and
dining-room ; lone lease; no better chance for
hotel busiQfss In the Interior. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26Vfe Keamy st.
A— $5">00; LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 --ears' lease: value in
sight; one of the best offers In Santa Cruz
County. Particular- R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearoy «t.
A— J2250; PARTNER wanted In one of the
b*st paying corner saloons in this city;
dil!y receipts about $40; place clears net
*bove f.'tOO rw»r month; location . first-class.
See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market. Ellis and
Stockton Fts.; rent $150; lease; place estab-
lished years; first-cla&s business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1 700J HOTEL with bar! dining-room,
kitchen and 3t5 rooms; piano, etc.; finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE. 2b"£
Kearny st. .
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lur.ch: on Montgomery st.. vicinity of.
California: olace must be secrlficed on ac-
count of III health of owner. See R. G.
WILIEC. 26*4 Kearny st.
A GOOD raying bakery; fine family trade;
long lease: rent only $15 per month; every-
thing in first-class condition; a good oppor-
tunity for a practical baker: only $300 ca*h
required. HAWKS & MEHRTENS, Seventh
street and Railroad avenue, Alameda.
GOOD paying bakery; fine store trade; for
sale at a great sacrifice. HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave.. Alameda.
$4500 BUYS a well establinhed, good paying
confectionery business In Los Angeles; situ-
ated fn one of the best locations In the city;
long lease and cheap rent; will inventory
much mere than asked; must be eold at once,
owing to fleath in firm. Tor full particulars
addresw WOODWARD-BENNETT CO.. 209
West Fourth St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
A— KREDO & CO. 765 Market st.
$475— Chicken ranch; stock invoice.
$450— Branch bakery and groceries; snap.
$1100 — Saloon; 7 turn, rooms; 3 years' lease.
$R50 — Grocery and bar; invoice price.
$1200 — Hotel; city. $1000— Hotel; country.
Many others at KREDO & CO.' 8.
S4000 — GENT'S furnishing goods, stationery,
notions and variety store; established 15
years: 6-year lease; transfer corner; full
value; cash business and paying; rent, ac-
count of lease, very reasonable; a bargain;
wholesale houses as references. Union Bust-
nets Exchange. 993 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS hardware store, well established
and located, for sale on account of sickness;
only JS2T.0; taJce half city real estate. Box
3605, Call office.
FOR eale— Barber shop and residence In good
town; ehaving 23 cents. For Information
write to LEO HESS, Valley Ford, Cal.
FOR eale — A 'good Jewelry, book, stationery
and notion business at a very reasonable
price. Box 174. Lompoc. Cal.
FOR sale — At a bargain; millinery stock, fix-
tures and business located at 706 Fourth st.,
San Rafael; excellent location; well estab-
lished business: must be sold. Apply at once
at above address.
WANTED — To buy a half Interest in a good
grocery store or grocery and bar; prefer the
partner to be a" man thoroughly acquainted
with the busine— . Addess - with particulars. 1
box 8290. Call office.
$500 SECURES Interest In established manu-
facturing business; party wanted to help In
factory and" attend to shipping; nothing dif-
ficult; large mail order business. 247 Fifth
st., city. - ••'¦• . : ¦;
FOR nale— Coffee, tea and spice route over 18
years' standing: selling on account of retiring .
from business. , For particulars inquire at 119
Frcr.t et., between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.
$500— GREAT, opportunity for willing man:
clean, pleasant work; large returns; No
trlflers. need apply. BROOKBANK. 017
Market «_ .
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unllstsd securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT &. CO.. Ellicott Square,
Buffalo.
FOR SALE— $7500— Half interest in a win*
and liquor buslnesr; -.vhok ml* asd retail : flne
bar trade; trial given. Address bor 2789.
Call.
RARE, ba— atn; aplendld old notion store;
. must sell <lmmedlately):.your price: no re-
serve. ORMSB Y. • 26 Montgomery, room 7.
URGENT — Old established notion store; Email
rent; must sell promptly, great sacrifice; re-
ply quick. Box 2777. Call office.
OLD ectabllshed up-to-date cigar store; cheap;
niee-locaticr; lease: low rent: must be wild.
Box 1270, Call office. Oakland. - U.-j
PHYSICIAN. Mcei.scd, with $100- gets dls-
pensary; furniture: Rood practice; suburb.
1170 Market st.. room 11.
$900 — GROCERY, branch bakery: 4 furnished
rooms: exchange country property Box 1530
100S Market St. • :
BUTCHER— One-half- interest. * 1800. - In one
of beet equipped markets on the coast. Box
2776.. Call office. «-¦
GROCERY store and bar for sale; an .old cor-
ner;, the owner 4s retiring from business.
1131 Howard _t.
RESTAURANT for . sale, with rooms . above;
well rented: trade good: flne location; price
$950. Box IOCS. Call office.
A— 1NVI_ST 5500 to $5000: double In three
months; Investigate. Box 2761, Call office.
FOR Bale— First-class saloon. Apply 25T"Fe7l
St.; no agents; fine location.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap.' ! 821 '¦ Montgom-
ery «treet. ¦ ..-.¦¦¦ * - r , ¦ . . ...... .
WANTED— To., buy a branch bakery: ' stato
price i»nd particulars. Box . 2780, Call office.
BUY "Abaloae 'Cannery at Me per share. "Call
or. write 539 Crossley building. .
CIGAR etard I for sale; oajal prominent corner
couth of- Market et. Box 2275, Call office.
FOR sale — Hotel. In a growing. town in Marin
county; cantalns 15 •bedroom-.*; Box 1085. Call.
THB^gy_li
JOHX D. SPRKCKE US Proprietor
A-_ re— i Communications to
JOHX McXAUGllT. Manager
\V. J. MARTIX _.-__ygqgjg css Manage?
TELEPHONE.
A«k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
sect You With the Dei-urtiuent lou VMt_.
Publication Offic« Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial iiooics -17 to 221 Stevenson £t.
Delivered by Carriers. _O CU. Per Week. 75
Cu. Per Month. Single Copies 5 «-"•
Terms by Mail, irie'-dir.s- 1'cstage (Cash « un
Onl'sr): «cr-i
DAILY CALL (Inc'.-Jd. gnod-jr). 1 , year *-"*?'}C l
DAILY CALL unelud. _«_—-jrt. « mos... a_wi
IX-ILT CA_-«—Uy *lnsle lior.ib „««:
BUKUAY-CA—U 1 Year -¦•*•
WEEKLY CALL - f ,;*.* V e. r 'kit™
FOREIGN j Sunday 4 35 l'er Year Extra
PO-TAGJ-.". i TYoUj :'y -i 00 I'cr Year Extra
ALL POSTUlsTKItS Alt;: AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample CcpHs WlU be Vorrr ar_el when re-
quested.
Mall Fubfcribcr- in ordering change of ad-
<_«.-» ihould l<e r-r'icul-r to cive both >E»
AICD OLD ADLKn ES !n order to Insure a
pinnipt _n_ correct, compliance with their re-
« ueet -
OAKLAND OF-ICB: _ , ,__
1010 Broafiway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214- Center Street Telephone 'North ii
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A.- Brentaao. 31
"Csion S.r__re; M_rray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue H-.--.el a:i- Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEVTS STANDS:
f?her:.-._n Hous*; P. O. News Co.: Great
JCort-htrm Hot-.l: Tretnont Houne; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOSOE KROGXESS..Marquette Building
(Lor.? _>lsT_r.ce Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ET—PHIIN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
EASINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third street!; open
i.-tll 12 o'clock 'very night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
:O0S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II P m. *
5_7 Mcintjroi_ery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. rn.
500 H-y«c street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€3» McAllister rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<?15 L_rk;n street; open until »:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet: open ufttll 10 p. m.
__C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
Ifii Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
l'-.Hi Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
o;*>n until 9 p. m.
*Ce rf— *— *— st comer, of Twenty-second and Ken-
- tuckv Ft— 'ets: open until 9 p. m.
-_"0 F:"-nore street; open until 8 p., m.
MEET-NG NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Lod_e. V. D. F. and «
, A. M.. "Mission Temple — First degree "_fV'
THIS (Tl'EfDAY) EVENING at 7:U0/>r\
o'clock. By order of the V.'. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Tem. Secretary.
GOLPEN GATE Lodge Xo. 30, F. and _¦
A. M.— Tailed -rettng THIS (TUES- W
UAV) EVENING £t 7:r>.0 o'clock. /V\
Tli'.rd de— «*•. By crder off-".'. M.
n I )WIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lode* N,>. 144. F. ar.d A. D
M Second .=-cr- * THIS 'TITS- X-T;
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /?>
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. I
EPABTA-f Ledge No. 125. 1. O. ____«_
" I", v..:: have Initiation cn.£_a*j_t__'c.
WEDNESDAY. July 27. M«=m-=_5SC!_3*S
b^rs wil\ please take notice*. "^SswTes*^
Vifitirg brother* cordially Invited
T. C. LEARY. Secretary.
COURT tVieryFdale Xo. 7SC3. A. O. _-.. v T
¦will aFFTnble at Craig-. Cockran & V_ y
Co.'f. 4-9 Golden Gat* ave.. TUES- _Ty
. DAY, July _<j. at 1 :30 p. m., to at- 2*f
t*nd the funeral cf our late V_>
brother P. C. R . JAMES B. IRWIN.
P. W. KNIGHTON. Chief Ranger.
THE Board cf Medical Examiners of the State
cf California will hold the regular meeting
and examination in the Civil Service Com-
m:»«sicr]. City Hall. San Francisco. Cal.. Au-
KUEt 2. 3 and 4. 1904, beginning at 10 a. m.
Credentials should be filed with the . secre-
tary 8crxie days before the examination
GEORGE G. GERE, M. D.. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
ftccfchclcVrs of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for
Ibc ensuing year and tfce transaction of such
ether business as may be brought before the
rrettirig. will be held at the office of the
coirpany. No. _9S Steuart street, San Fran-
CI-CQ, on MONDAY, the 1st day of August.
:¦¦<¦*. at 11 a. m
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from W. J. Berry. Theodore Rupley
f.rd Bruc». Graham In Eugar Pine mine, near
Pino Grartae, El Dorado County, Cal., drain-
ing into Silver Creek, which reaches Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at rocm 95. Flood building. San Fran-
cIeco. Cal.. August 8. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to cell our hlgh-rrad* cur-
fry ctock; liberal commission: each advanced
<n order*: outfit free; experience and capital
net ntcetsary if you have push and energy;
a f*w choice fields Mill open; write before
asrigncrd. Chlco Nursery Co.. Chlco. CaL
TO make money selling "Our Pioneer*"; mat-
niSeent in style; Indian stories to Panama
canal: exclusive territory GEO. W. WIL-
LIAMS. CC2 East Twelfth St.. East Oakland.
HUSTLING salesmen !n every town for Ba-
ker's universal sign; 520 in one day has been
made; sample 50c. Eeker Enameled Letter
Co., 21 Spear st-, San Francisco. !
AGENTS — An arency for a proposition that is
e decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Cosnp_ny, Ptrrcst buil-lnr.
WANTED — Good subscription canvassers; men
or women: salary g_aranteed to competent
parties. 207 Mutual Sa-.ir.gs Bank bld-r. .
ASTHMA^ HEMEDyI
A. Dl No!a*« As'fama Rerae_y relieve* Initant-
ly; !». 25.- -Oc .ICO. Market. St. Klcholam. ¦
ATTO-t-TEYS AT-LAW.
R."W. KING. Attorney -at-Law, Exam blig..
Cth floor: entrance room 611; established 13
-v ye_r«: all cases, genera 1 , court and offlcj
jji-ctice; no fee in advance or *cr consult*-
' tlon: evenings _y appointment. TeL Red 3601.
ADVICE free en nil letfa! matters; divorce* a !
rpe-cialty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
• mining comp-nle* orgz sized rpatents obtained;
i G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.: esUb. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.. 15
• 5~f. practice; ref*. from m-cy thousands of
-ol-ierts, sailors, ~ido~c and orphan* on Pa-
- . c'.fic Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
XMVORCE— Cost*. $12; Quick, quiet; __ylc«
free: a!l law business: no charge unless tsue-
vntKl; «pen evening*. 927 Market, room 30L
ADVICE free; -lvorcj costs $12; no fees or
oceu ir, advance: all law -_usineec; cf_ct
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market at., r.33.
MONEY advanced heirs r.n estate*; estates pro-
bated; const! I. free. F.Colbourn. atVj-,927 Mkt.
ADVICE frc«l divorce costs JIT: all casetC
Roora 4C5. Parrott bl_g.. SM Market ¦_
I_ E. CLARK. 827 Market at: consultation
free; no fees la -_vance; cpen eveciapt.
PATENTS »nd pcnsioi!*— SONNTAG'S PAT-
FTNT & IT-N'SION AGCY.. 2U Pine, 6th floor.
A WEEK'S rnri fcr 8 raita— The Weekly Call.
l< prtr-rf . 1ti — r*r>T*r. Tor mailing. $1 per y_r
» A.-fTC-IOSII.SS.
FOH Mle — Flrst-r!as» runabout for 2 or 4 pas-
»c:igcrr; 10 hors?i<or.-er: double opposed gas
- *-nrl-«. L. D. CANDION, 102 Phelan bldg.
EKCOXD-HAXD automo'o!i,- •; flrst-r'asg condl-
• tion: runabouts, to-rtrin cars at bargain
prices. Address box 27X3, Call office.
FOR tale — Knox runabout. 1203 pattern; first-
class condition: otdt leavinp town; a bar-
rain. Address box 23S9. Call office.
SflLWACKHE automobile (J-tearn) for nale;
good runrln_ order. Box 3291. Call office.
FOR eale — A White Stanhcpe with .boggy top;
used very little; price $673. .Box 2209, Call.
OLDS-fOIIILE for sale at a isacriflce.. Address
- I»cx t-_. Call efflce. . = / . . ..
KOIl rale — Kamblcr touring car. Box = 191*.
Cai' oX_ce.
FOR ca!e — Covert runabout:' nearly new. Ad-
-rcss -cx-lOCO.CaU office.. ¦ .. „
__ZZ— OT-XE-TT WANTED — seal©— Con.
JAPANESE; first-class cook; wishes position
In family; city or country: good references-
$8 week _d. C. N.. rocnj lo 4 ISA Post «„
A JAPANESE b_oy wishes place as schoolboy
without rocm; plain cook anJ waiter
YAMADA. 81] Stockton st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position as
schoolhoy: understands <-ook!rg: speaks we'L
H. KAWATAKI. box 27 IS. Call office.
JAPANESE, neat and ener_»tli-. wants to
work his passage to St. Louis fair: under-
stands gentleman's care. YOIN. 6__ Sutter.
JAPANESE, honest boy wants situation, kitchen
work. Call 86l«i Clay st, Oakland.
JAPANESE good ccok wants a position. HEN-
RY. 031 Sacramento st.
__A<S TO 3_-T.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT'
AH desirable vacant houses and fiats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 10M
In number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to fiad
a place; w« never fall; service free
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1030 MARKET 3T..
• OPPOSITE McALLISTE-t.
X ROUSES and flats to let; an lmrr*~** _«t;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will sav-j you tine ard
trouble. Cordes Furnltur* Co.. 243-233
Geary »_. on tha square.
- - - % ; • ¦ ¦ __— _
___—
________________________________
UNION. S56. bet. Mason and Taylor— New! j
built flat of C rooms and bath; latest Improva.
ments and marine view; rent $05.
CASTRO 421. nr. 17th — Sunny belt; modern
upper 'French sunny 11 moms; balcony;
grand view; conv. for 2 families; $40; atabl«.
i NOE 1C50— Beautiful new flat; sunny eorner:
5 rooms and bath; all modern Ira provements;
1 convenient to Castro and 24th-st. cars. #
BEAUTIFUL flat; 6 rooms and bath. T3_
Mlnna st. near Ninth; $23.
BRODERICK. near Sutter— Elegant, new. mod-
ern flats; abundance of sun and light; key lot.
1 BUSH, 12004 — 4 rooms: rent $11. Apply
1207A Bush st.
BUSH. 2331, near Pierce— Elegant, motlin
flat; every room sunny; 2 toilets, gu. eleo.
CAPP. 1086 — New flat. « rooms and bath; all
rooms frescoed: rent $23.
GROVE, 790— Modern middle flat; 6 rooma;
bath; storeroom: adults.
HARRISON. 823— Fine modern new Cat ot 9
rooms; reasonable to responsible party.
HAYES. 1743, near Park entrance— Sunny flat
of 3 and 4 rooms, bath: rent $12 BO and $!«.
LARGEST list of house, and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery at.
NATOMA. 714— Flat; 4 sunny *om»; larg»
yard; $14. '
NICE flat of 6 rooms: bath: rent $18. water
Included. Apply 1511 Geary st.
|22 50— 8 ROOMS and bath. 137 Julian ave..
off Sixteenth and Mission sta.
$27 50— SUNNY bay- window Cat, 7 r. and b.|
1708 Washington. Umbsen Co.. 20 Montgmry.
PLATS TO LET — FTJ_N_S___>.
__UG"Hrr_ST^-e_rVnitar^o7r^e^tnU ar«^
—Elegantly furnished flats; also -nfurnla— «dj
house has all conveniences and ia attuatad la
telect -eighborhood.
WASHINGTON. 2S2&— Neatly furnished sunny
flat, 4 large rooms, garden, $K5.
820 ELIZABETH st: nice furnished flat of 4
rooms; piano; reasonable.
EDDY. 621 — Basement flat; 4 rooms; larg«
yard; $22 SO.
FOR sale — A furnished 8-room modern flat oa
corner: furniture- nearly new. Box 1961.
Call office.
FOR sale — Furniture of 4 rooms. 613 Steven-
son st.
COMPLETELY furnished flat. 8 rooma. for
sale; good neighborhood. Box 2213. Call.
WELL furnished flat. 9 rooms, for __le; fSOO.
Address box 2252. Call office.
ri-TANCIAX,.
* PER cent pfd Metropolitan Laundry Co. at
97c per share. Call at 541 Croasley bid-.
_~j»_rrr~_- tor sa __.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furnitur* for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BrilllaaCs
Furniture Co.. 340 Post st, near PowtlL
Anderson Auction House. 19 Turk. nr. Market.
furnishes everything for the house;low price*.
MANTEL folding bed for sals (oak): first-cl— -
order; not used long. Box 3237, Call offlca.
NO. 7 Majestic range, front and back parlor
carpets and piano for sale. 41SHyd_ st.
FRONT and back parlor carpets and plan— for
sale. 41S Hyde st
FURNITURE stoves, sold, exch— n gad. »
Barger. 42» Valencla.nr.l-th.TeLChurch 337a.
I" UK N ITU BE WANT —X>.
ab-Tlevx
Salesroom. 1135 Market st TeL Jessie 781,
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlca fur-
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY _e CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture.carpets.etc. 782 Mission: teL Bush 41-**.
HELP WASTED _____£.
WANTED — Cook for boarding-school. $35; also
helper, same place. $15; pastry cook for deli-
catessen, $30; cook for 14 men. $33; cook,
plain wash, Menlo Park, $30; girl for general
houdework. Berkeley. $30; 49 girls for g«ner-l
housework In both city and country for places
too numerous to advertise at $25 and $30; S
chambermaids and waitresses, city hotels
and country resorts, $20 and $25; 5 second
girls, good places, $_0 and $25; bus girl for
nice cafe. $7 per week; 3 flrst-class nurse-
girls, Germans preferred, $25 and $00; ar.il
lots of other places. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 3*_4 Sutter St.
THREE waitresses for commercial hotel ia
country: $30, expenses paid. Call early. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to 2
In - weeks; tuition $5 to thes* enter— is now;
three positions to fill immediately; position-
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leadin_
school in West. 233 Geary st. room 12.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to fints-
fn one month for $15; positions as trimmers.
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 par wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 1-.
Halrdressing. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous halr;$3 2
wks.: day. eve. class: positions secured, highest
—ages. Removed from 12-6 Mkt to 13- PowalL
NEAT girl to assist in housework: 4 adulta la
family; wa.es $20. Call Tuesday forenoon,
1005 Lombard st. v ; .
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free: Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guaxante- Co.. No.
S 4. Ninth st. Philadelphia. Pa.
; A BRIGHT youns woman wanted by detective
I agency; good pay to right party. Box 2783,
Call office.
FINISHERS on ladies' waists; steady wor_-
KONIGSTEIN. 28 First st
ELDERLY American woman as housekeeper;
I .mail family. W. L. D.. West Berkeley P.O.
I GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 1920
Sutter st.
WANTED — Flrst-class finishers on custora
pants; steady work. 411*^ Kearny st
WANTED — Cook and general housework;
small family; references. 401B Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
APPRENTICE on men's coats; well paid — hile
learning. 1-23A Bush st.
WAITRESS wanted. 1024 Hyde st.
WANTED — A lady to go on a minlmr. trip with
a man and wife; small capital needed. Ad-
dress box 1328. 1008 Market st.
WANTED — A girl fcr housework and cook-
Ing. 2425 Flilmore st; call Monday be-
tween 9 and 12.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m..Wednesday; salary no object
WANTED— A good girl for light housework.
CaJI at 1115 Devtsadero st.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and assisting in
¦ general ho-sev. or_. C— U _t 2172 Plat, &•— _
C—AIBVOYAWTB— Contained.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. ,25c.
gents 50c. 951 M Ira Ion st.. nr. Bth; open Sun.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. l» now at 317 Ellis st. .. ¦
COMPRESSED Air and
universally use- for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at • shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
"Co.. 308 Market at.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your . work
s^nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bea-t-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 4a
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rleon Bt^Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tres-es made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at. •
tel. Main 394. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beatlntj works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
C-OTHITTQ BE-TO VATI-TO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis st., room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 8580.
?_£_C DEKTXSTS;^
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at tha Grand
building, 1095 Market St.. room 203; all first-
class dentistry at low prices.
Paris Dental Parlor*, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush
Set teeth. $1 60 up; Crowns42 up; fil liners, 25c.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
msniAKESSAHl) SEAMSTRESSES.
MeDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class, 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
•EDTJCATIO_TAI..
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 wa
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
Ft., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West:
coma and see. B.-F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
K. R. AYBESrs founder and manager of Ay res
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course,
$3 a month; life scholarship. $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market st.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs,. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bdg.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all ¦ other Western
schools; special summer course. 414 Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.I435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mtn.,mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc.: day and
eve. : Individual lnstr. 305 Larkln St., Prof.
¦ T. A. Robinson, formerly pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
individual lnstruc. : all branches: day; eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. oom-
plete course, 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo.; private.
PIANO and German; pupil of Celpslc Conserv-
• atory: moderate terms. 346 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. 8. F. : 75-page catalog or request
EMP XOYMEWT JJTPICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employnfent office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
B. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James S26*L
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at ; tel. Main 67S2.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL," 609 Hearst bid.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Senng's. 411% O'Farrell; teL East 42ft.
' JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Frits Tamagakt. mgr. ;tel. Buah 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY - CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-P_M_1E.
' — -""- — ¦ -
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position with an American
family; likes children; will give references;
will «o a short way In the country; moderate
wages. 794 Folsom st., near Fourth. . .
SITUATION as governess; good English teach,
er; a thorough needlewoman; rudiment for
music; Latin and Spanish; housework, etc.
Call or address M. A. FAY, 108 Fair Oaks st.
A SITUATION wanted by -a- good housekeeper
with the best of city references. For particu-
lars, call or write to 732 Ellis St., between
Polk and Larkin.
A FIRST-CLASS? laundress wants work at
home; work neatly done, guaranteed, at
moderate price*. Address MRS. - YAGER,
2S">; Mosa st.
CAPABLE girl wants situation, to do general
housework and cooking in a small family;
wages $25.' Apply at 306 Diamond «t., near
Twentieth.
WANTED — By mlddje-aged lady, housekeep-
er's position in widower's family, or. for in-
valid lady. Box 2396, Call office.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position;
city or country. 324 Mason St.; phone Black
2390.
AMERICAN woman, has- a child, good cook,
wants work; country. 324 Mason st.; phone
Black 2390.
WOMAN would like work by the day. washing
or house-cleaning; can cook. . 1686 Mission.
SEWING by the day; good fitter; shirtwaist
suits made In a day; $2 day. 270 Linden ave.
WANTED — In Ran Francisco or vicinity, board
in private family, school or sanitarium In
exchange for Instruction In physical culture
medical gymnastics or elocution, by an ex-
; perienced teacher; best of professional ref-
erences. Address Physical Culture, 575
Thirteenth ut., Oakland. _
COMPETENT, reliable, good woman; work by
the. day; washing. Ironing and houseclean-
Isg; $1 50 a day and carfare or 75c per half
day. Please inquire at 694 San Jose ave,.
corner Twenty-ninth st.
STRONG, competent American woman tem-
perate, honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by the day; fine laundress; cheerful '¦
worker; $1 25 and carfare. 1SD Fourth st.
first flight, room 24.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dresi), . wishes position < In American family;
fond of children; will go In country refer-
ence.-<: wages moderate. 794 Folsom st.
YOUNG^woman would like to wash socks and
handkerchiefs for men; reasonable; mending
. same; called for and delivered. Box 2747,
Call office.
A YOUNG lady would like honest work; good
at flKures: two terms at high school; small
wages at first, with view . of advancement.
Box 2720. Call, office. ¦
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, a place
for light housekeeping or nursing; terms rea-
sonable. Address 232 Francisco st, near
Dupont, corner alley. ,.
A FATHER wants place in country for. 14-year-
old girl to take care of baby in exchange for
good home, board; strict American family.
Box 2393. Call office.'
WOMAN wants *work by the day washing or
' houaeclcaniritj. $1 50 and car fare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes : st
WANTED— Plain sewing to do at home. 2035
Polk st.
COOK wishes a 'situation. . Al_ NAUDE, 1823
Powell at. : - - ' '
-OPGI-TQ-HO USES POR SAIi- — Con. /
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
- _ Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell. T.
Headquarters for . Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
10S rooms; rent only $5 60 'per room, long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people in coming: con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settla an estate; make ofTer: exclusively with
us.
7-room modern flat, close In. w«ll fumlahed:
cost $600; at bargain If sold at once; $300.
45 rooms; rent only $125: first-class location;
well furnished and sood running order: dear- :
in* now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4-00.
32 rooms; cheaD rent; 2 years' lease: flne
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear ?:(0o to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
18 rooms; rent $GIS; best block on Mission
street; good buy and worth the price; $800.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $a00 per month: every-
thing nrst-elass condition; will trade for Oak-
laud, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent $45- close in: oak furni-
ture; good carpets; departure: price $400.
90-room, new, modern- 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house; cheap rent: most «lega4tly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little* gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing- flne business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
5 rooms and closets; East st. ; rent only $18;
good furniture and carpets: everything for
housekeeping; 6 b«ds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
18t> rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; f-H nice peode; bargain if taken at
once: dissolution of partnership.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all in flne shape; fine little apartment house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has flne
bar: can be run In conjunction if desired; rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other business
Interests demand immediate departure.
75 rooms; grand new building; -elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
14 rooms; rent $75; good location on Geary
St.; well furnished; a snap at $750.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease: first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
' 126 rooms: rent only $4 per .room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long tease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of th« best buys in the city.
Large list of. real estate, rooming-houses and
business fcr exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
_6 rooms, all men room-rs, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, country transient. 5000
31 rooms, rent only $55 500
40 rooms, rent $70, transient..... ....... 1500
81 rooms, rent $3 per room 3400
Hotels and roadhouses and all kinds of bust.
ness sold and exchanged.
Money to loan on furniture at low rates.
EITEL - CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MITCHELL & CO.. .
1206 Market st. , Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming-houses, h<r>fls and flats; wll sell any
house; part cash; balance easy payments.
EXCHANGE -for flat— One lady haa 14-room
house, another 16 rooms, another 18 rooms,
another 27 rooms. Box 1833, Call office.
FOR sale — Apartment house, -24 rooms; flne
location: furniture all nearly new. Box 2214,
Call office.
FOURTEEN rooms cheap; no reasonable offer
refused. 212 Fifth st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cenf_i — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
- BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $5 each;
largest variety dogs, birds, cages, etc., at low
prices. 1544-46 Market .St.
LIXTLE girl not under" 6 years could have
room and board by a lady in Western Addi-
tion, 2 blocks from school: a mother's care. 1
Box 2304, Call office.
NICE "home for a child, ~2-5 years; will fur-
nish clothes and board. Box 3802, Call.
GOOD, home for children; best of references;
mother's care. 316 Fifth ave., Richmond dlst.
GOOD, care for one or two children; country.
B42 Je»-le st.
~«^v^^~^!?°i'!lw^~v.
SCHOOL books, old and new, bought and sold.
DALY & CURRAN, 857 Geary st.
SPIBJjOTA—ISM.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night";' 10c: 619
McAllister; come, skeptics; readings daily.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; ICc; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
C-AIK.VOYA-TTS.
AA — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
- Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell if husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false,' whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell every hope,,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach 'the greatest possible strength In mental
«nd bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, kpeculation;.I implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win' the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. - 326 O'Farrell st., 326.
MME. M." BERNARD. .' THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business- medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the ¦ past, " reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
' have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to -overcome them; : valuable advice In
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WIT-
NESS ,THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
" Readings $1J Would it not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
'¦ that trouble you arid of schemes of your ene-
¦ mles, that you may meet with better success?
. Then for reliable reading, go to Livingstone,
- 428 Eddy St.; three separate reception par-
lors;' lady attendants;, hours 10 a. m. • p. m.
A— Miss _M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you. called for without asking a ques-
-. tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ! ZEMDAR, young, gifted • clair. & palm. :
•I correctly treat your'love affairs,- domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G., $1. .714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco.- Office houra — 10
¦ a. m.'to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, , <i to 8.' Phone ' South 1141.' :
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clalrvoyant.card
reader; when others fall try me:good readings
25c. 721 yranklln.nr.G.Q.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. 'RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vlce; names given; 25c up. : 8 Ellis st.
MISS:WARD," clairvoyant gives names, dates
facts; readings daily. , 917 'Market, room 3.
MME. ODELL retur-ed; clairvoyant, card read-
*¦ er; tea leaves; 25c up. Lower flat,: 220 Eddy.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et., ccr. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all Ulnds of business chances.
FOIt sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; tir.e cliance for
summer outlnc; also for winter shooting and
fishing; compUtcly furnished anil equfpped
for rousekecpin_i automatic generator for
mak'.ng oivn _as; tcllrts; closctsi everything
strictly new end modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to no East; make offer.- CAMEKON
_. CO.. :t Eddy st. '
FOH tale or trade — Quart! mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; as^ys $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rms.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchanze Income property In
Alameda fcr stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about $S(X>0. CAMEJtON _: CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR tale — Carriage and wagon factory and
general jobbin_;' established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full inv*Et!zation and trial given; retiring
from busln-ss. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houpes and business chsn^— . CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage.
East Oakland; high basement, cement side-
walks; every thlrg first class: on direct car
line; for rcomlng-houso, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON - CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
cmith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for gelling. CAMERON & CO.
SALOON, if sold by Monday will sell half or
whole: good chance for right man. BERG
& ARMSTRONG. 318 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
BERG & ARMSTRONG, 318 Kearny st.
$7000 — Hotel; 76 rooms; all light rooms; electrio
light; water every room; all new; money
maker. Berg & Armstrong, 31S Kearny st.
$1500— CIGAR and notion store; clearing $100
monthly: 4 large rooms; furnished; low rent.
$t»00 — Oyster house and restaurant.
$1500 — Restaurant, coffee and lunch house.
$75 — Cigar stand; nice location. \
?2000— Grocery; sood family liquor trade.
A large list of rooming-houses and business
chances always oa hand. For particulars,
inquire Merchants' Agency. 100SV4 Market Et.
A SNAP— 10-room house complete: filled with
roomers; central.
Also grocery and delicatessen store: living
rooms attached.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO., 1312 Mar-
ket, room 419. ' ":- '.-">
$350 WILL secure a lifelong position and In-
come of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references:
present income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007 V4
Market st.. room 1.
$S50— CIGAR store; ideal location; value in
sight; dally sales $17; rent $55.
$ieOO— 30-room lodging-house; worth $2500.
$400— Restaurant: factory dlst.: long lease.
Pacific Real Estate Co., 1015 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted: light, profitable busi-
ness; flne store: $500 gtofck; young man pre-
ferred. Marin Investment Co.. 235 Kearny.
A RELIABLE man wanted as pattner with
$200 cash; will pay $S0 per month to each;
permanent place; a good chance for an active
man. ADply H7 Third St., room 14.
FOR sale — A $2800 confectionery and Ice-
cream parlor: everything new; the finest fur-
nished place north of S. F. Write to the
Palace Candy Store. L. B. 13, Red Bluff, Cal.
HOME bakery for sale. 1550 Church st.
FOR sale — Corner saloon, with lease: best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
A SMALL grocery and bar wanted. Call at
20 Ritch St.. near Folsom.
FOR sale — Saloon fixtures, etc.; good lease;
cheap rent; party obliged to go away. In-
quire 1006-8 Washington St., Oakland.
FOR sale— Coal and wood yard; established 16
years; in good locality. Address box 1956,
Call office.
FOR SALE — Notion and stationery store near
schoolhouse. 1300 Railroad ave., .Alameda.
OLD established cigar, sta. and notion: living
rooms; will bear investigation. 110 7th st.
X CANDY store, large fountain, register and
6afe. separate or as whole. 1427 Market st.
FINE corner saloon for sale; one of the best
e'reets. Inquire 48 First st ;...-,_•
A CIGAR stand and laundry office on Fourth
St.; clears over $100 a month. Box 2781, Call.
SHOE store and repair shop for sale cheap.
376 Fourth ft. '„ '; ' <*-:.:>
GROCERY store in Frultvale for sale; very
low; good cause for selling. Box 2244. Call.
GROCF.RY and bar for sale; on one of the
best corners In the city; near Market St.:
must f<\ on account of sickness and having
to leave the city. Address box 2204, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
It-POT-TO-HO USES TO-t SA-.—.
MARION GRIFFIN,
40G Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Roominc-houses and hotels for sale.
HZ-
85 ROOMS: men roomers; rent $225; new house;
new f urn. ; , long lease. Marion Griffin.
FIRST-CLASS FURNITURE, new carpets. 20
large rooms; rent $85; strictly respectable;
profits $75 mo.; price $1600; part cash; nr.
Geary, on sunny side. MARION GRIFFIN.
CLEAN AS A PIN — 15 rooms; new furniture;
downtown; come and buy at your own price;
bona fide. V V-*. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT— Extra well furnished; quiet: 30
rms.: lease; clears $250; could clear $4Q0;
price J3C00; part cash. • M. GRIFFIN.
20 ROOMS: Sutter st. : cheapest rent In city;
guaranteed to clear $9O mo.: highly respect-
able; gift at $1500. MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN HUNTERS, here's your chance;
$700 house for $350. MARION GRIFFIN.
$800; PART cash: IT rooms; well furnished;
nicft house and well located. M. GRIFFIN.
30 ROOMS with elegant furniture; fine corner
on Sutter St.. clearing $175 monthly: hlgh-
clasa roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
140 ROOMS; flrst-class hotel with bar; will
positively clear over $1000 per month: noth-
ing in San Francisco outside of the St.
Francis Hotel v/lll equal ' It in point of fur-
nishings; sx-ery room an outside- . room; .
st*»am heated and every known modern con-
venlence; If you are looking for one of the !
city's best business opportunities on ea.«y
terms, get full particulars from
. MARION GRIFFIN.
SEE our list of bargains before buying*, we
can suit you. MARION GRIFFIN.
$400; 16 ROOMS; 10 furnished, 0 unfurnished;
desirably located; broken arm Is reason for
selling: clean; new house; if this doesn't
_ ult, what on earth do you want for your
money? MARION GRIFFIN.
115 ROOMS': Ban Francisco' i swellest transient
house; new modern building; furnished
throughout with the best weathered oak,
birdseye maple and mahogany furniture;
bouif e, grill ¦ and bar: chance to make f or-
tune in a short time. MARION GRIFFIN.
RELIABLT3 information concerning ftpariment-
houses in S. F. MARION GRIFFIN. .
10- ROOMS; 8-year lease;- $400 mo. profit;
cor. hous*; downtown. M. GRIFFIN.
40-ROOM hotel; located In heart of the city's'
fashionable , neighborhood; money-maker and
desirable home; particulars from M. Griffin.
52 ROOMS; corner house; every room occupied;
$175 mo. profit; lease; price $4000; % cash.
$850 , BUYS, this weelt only. 15-room house.
. centrally located,* well f urn. and worth $1500.
$1100: 19' rooms, newly furnished, and all the
cash required -Is ?30O. MARION GRIFFIN.' !
$800 IS all I'm asking for my 20-room house;
well furnished; absolutely worth double this
amount and clearing now, the dull season of
year, $75 per mo. MARION - GRIFFIN.
BUYERS, if you do not see what V you "are
looking for on this- list, call "¦ at office; ¦ no
trouble to give information; 1000 : places ' to
select from. MARION GRIFFIN.
LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms and basement, for
. sale; all rented. Call ' at , 838 Mission " et.
50- ROOM Apartment-house; ; new: modern; Im-
posing entrance; beautiful suites; all light
and tunny; lease: rent $6 room :¦ elevator not
necessary; clears $250 monthly. Box 3108. Call.
16* ROOMS •' handeomely furnished for ? house-
Jiecpln_: must* sell: very cheap. 1015B Post.
<a_j» LITTLE "WANTS" OF T EN-THE SAN-FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. JULY 2H. 1004,
13
PEESONAI.S— -Continued.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, cverccats
and trousers at CHARLE3 LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Marks' »L /
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down anJ Jl 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT.
F.URNITVRE CO.. 340 Post St., near PowelL
ATTENTION — Cut this cut: superfluous hair,
mole?, wa.-ts killed by absorption; $1; perm.
Beatrice S». John. Hair Spec., 42S Sutter st.
ALL superfluous hair removed; electric ne«dl*.
Mrs. Caldwell Benninger. 231 Post St.. room 1.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
«250. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
SUPERFLUOUS -hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse.U70 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50*
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupost.
Actlna restores lost eyesight: ctres deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 352* 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 360 Sut-
ter. r. C03. Mies Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
PALMISTBY.
A— MME. LTMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 010 Eddy st. ; phene Polk 4611.
MME. FLORENCE, card reader and palmist;
prices reasonable; hours 10-9. 713 California.
Mrs.C.V.Whitney.palmlst: hours 10 to 12. 2 to
5; rartles.entertainments a speciaity.711 Folk.
SCIENTIFIC palmist: Mme. Kimball. 701
Stockton st. % ,
PATEirrs.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PSYSICIASTS AND StTBQEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence^
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG~ Him] herb doctor,
treats all disease* of the human body: for
past four yean at 115-117 Mason Et.. now la.
cated at €67 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DR. WONG HON. 319 Powell st.. tea and herb
sanitarium; diseases skillfully treated.
BEAU ESTATE — CITY— rOS SAM.
PROPERTY OWNERS. ATTENTION!
At the recent meeting of the Beard of
Equalisation, the assessed valuation of your
city property has been greatly Increased in
some localities and lowered in other.*. For
the small fee of $3 we will obtain for ycu
th-- credent correct assessed valuations of
your property.
A. H. HERRMANN, Room 160, Crocker bldg.
$65<M> — ON account of bank foreclosure; two
elegant, new, modern flats containing six and
five rooms, renting for $62 50 per month;
situated on the north side of Sacramento St.,
near Walnut: bank mortgage $3300; this
property m-st b« sold: Investigate thia at
once. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 301-303 Ex-
aminer building.
FIRST time on the market. 4 fine level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner 18th
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; just the place for
houses or flats; only $H0 per front foot.
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. «*
22 Montgomery st.
$1 25 PER week: no interest: lots In the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract: all level; no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE. »
26 Montgomery st-. room 9.
$1800— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 25x114," with
coal business, horses, wagons; all goes.
$1800— Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; 338 Val-
ley st.; lot 25x106; $500 down, balance easy
terms. P. COFFIN * CO., 3303 Mission st.
FOR sale — Fine sunny bay-window residence.
8 rocms, bath and laundry; 2 toilets; beauti-
ful garden In front and back; tents and ham-
mocks. Apply owner. 2022 Pine st.
COTTAGES with all modern improvements;
terms same as rent. Apply lumber yard,
cor. Army and Condon sts.
HOUSE jmd lot. 50xlC3 ft., cpp. new Mission
Park, inquire C. E. HATCH. Chronicle, bldg.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-"
BACH & MAYER, plumpers. S36 Howard st.
BEAI. ESTATE — COTTHTBY— Tor Sale.
ONE-ACRE lots at Mountain View. Santa
Clara County; $400 "or Inside. $45O for
corners; streets graded; water on each lot;
only T'i blocks from main street: partial pay-
ments; near station; convenient to Stanford
University; good schools and choice neighbor-
hood; write for map and full particulars.
WALTER A. CLARK, Mountain View. Santa
Clara County. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected 'bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st.
8A2T MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electric
cars; 45 minutes from 5th and Market; sewer
and water pipe* to each lot; electric, lights,
etc.; SO-foot lots from $325 to $400; terms.
$10 down and $10 a month; get off at "Lomtta
Park" and Investigate; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
FOR eale — Nice lot. corner Maxlposa and Rail-
read ave., M)xl94, In San Anselmo, Cal. In-
quire 362 Perry st., Oakland. •
MENIiO PABKBEAL ESTATE.
$200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, bftck cf Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property lert; Vi cash.
Mculo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent trees; well
built, old-fashioned house In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
from 4 to £3 acres; special terms to those
building immediately.
SELBY, RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 673. 118 California st.
P01HT RICHMOND BEAI. ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa Fe
and electric roads; land {300 per zee; lots
60x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres and
buildings, $400 per acre: monthly payments:
send for maps, etc. k HAIGHT. 401 Cal.st-.S.F.
BEAI. ESTATE TO EXCHAJTOE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
t F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-80S CALL BUILDING.
It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a different kind of property.
Our long experience In this business enables
us to often accomplish this doirtrte purpose by
only one transaction. The only condition we !
make Is that your property, if you wish us' to
dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up | either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property to heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.'
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
bring a description of same to our office, stat-
ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
chungt. and you will be surprised how quickly
we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the only company In San Francisco makiug a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cept. ... ..
$2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change for unlncumbered. partly improved
or unimproved country property in the Rus-
sian River secticn; Berkeley property cen-
tltts of J)-room residence, lot 45x134, with
stable and chicken-house: stone walks, grav-
eled drive: In, dev.rable residence section;
near school, railroad anj electric lines. Ad-
dress box 4327, Call office.
AN elegant new 10-room house In a fine loca-
tion In Oakland to exchange fcr land or lots.
P. C. LASSEN &CO-. 46tt Tenth St., Oak-
iand. Cal.
3E^rarQMAC^OTE^^AJTP^UPPI.CTS.
YOU are Invited to attend the great exhibition
of art sewing machines and embroideries
which will commence at the White Co's. new
- office. 915 Market st.. August 1.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second -hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic Office, 1021 Market it., near Sixth.
BOOMS TO LET — Turn. s>nd XJaf ura.
JEocIE, 3C. east U. S. ITlnt— Large front
funny room. 2 beds. $3: single $3 month.
KEARNY, 313— Newly furnished rooms; ca
suite or single: $3 uj>. .-z~
MARKET. 7S3tj— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 003— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 104'JA.The Fa'.mout!» — Sunny rooms:
hot and coid water: elevator; $2 to $7.
MCALLISTER. 731— Swsny suit parlors, wttfc
or without kitchen; couple or two. three,
gents: single room.
MINNA. 63S — Large sunny front room far
rent. • •
MISSION, 1053 — Nice, sunny slegls room fsr
$1 73 per week.
KATOMA. 294^ — Sunny front room to let. •, £--.*¦¦'¦
NOE. 577 — Large sunny room to rent; rssv-
sonable; suitable for 1 cr 2.
OCTAVIA. 420—3 r.lcely furnished rooms: *;«•
Itlemen preferred; running water, gas; eon-
venienee. •
. PINS. 827. near Powell — Lcrsr* sunny far-
> nished nn; running water; 1 or 2 genta; $10.
PINE. 1733 — Enterly new; siagle or ea suit*:
desirable location; every convenience.
; ROYAL House. 123 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readicg-room. smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 SO; week. $3
: to $3; month, $9 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: re cms with hot and cold water; bathi.
I ¦ ¦¦
SANPOME. *25 — Fumlnhed rooms to let.
SHIPLEY. 20— Two rooms In rear.
SIXTH. ilSH — Four unfurnished rooms to let;
no children.
! SIXTH. 240H — St. Johns: pleasant front far-
nished rooms; central location: moat reas.
I v
I SIXTEENTH. 303S. bet. Mission and Valencia
— One or two sunny bay window furnished
rocms; new flat; private family.
STEINER. i;515C. between Eddy and Ellis—
Three rooms to let.
BTEVENSON. 635— Sunny furnished roora for
two sentlemen.
SU'ITUK. 117 — Furnished or unfurnished
rooms, with or without housekeeping; also
rooms with board; full particulars. No
charges. Rocm Renting Advertisers.
1 SUTTER. 11C3 — Largo frcnt bay-window pom
2 closets, running water; light; housek. ; $13.
j SUTTER. 2223 1, — Nicely furnished double par-
lors; hot and cold water; bath, gas; closet;
for one cr two persons.
TAYLOR.' T.13B — Handsome, sunny alcove suit*.
piano, $13; large sunny room, suitable 2, $10.
THE LARCHMONT. S81 Sutt«r, near Grant
ave.— Elegantly furnished rooms: hot and
cold water: baths free; $3 ta $4 per week;
$1 to $1 50 per day :eleetric elevator or lights.
THE VENDOME. 1104 Market St.— OfSces oa
the first floor to let; furnished rooms In sutt*
or single, by the- day. week or month; tr*a-
slent solicited.
THIRD. 87 — Furnished rooms to let
. TO let — Large furnished front room In private
family. CalNSSO Sixth »t.
! TURK. 83*— One large frcnt. sunny alcove!
room; partly furnished: gas; bath.
i ' ¦ — —
f UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 40*
room*. 35c to $1 Right, $1 73 to $9 week; e!*e-
tric lights {no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room: fre* bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: TOO rooms;
35c to $t 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-roezn; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth st. — Rooms from 13o
to $1 per night and from 90c to $3 per week.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch of See. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions haa bees
opened at IOCS Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - - .
BOOMS AND BOARD.
TWO sunny rocms and board. 3 adults. In pri-
vate Jewish family; terms reasonable; stats
fall particulars. Box 27C2. Call.
CLAY. 11C5— Furnished room and board.
CLAYTON. 623— Rooms and board for 2 la
private family; reasonable.
EDDY. 1128. cpp. Jefferson Park — Fine fura.
sunny rooms: table board: reas.: new manac
i ELLIS. 453^ — Fine furnished rooms; excellent
tsble board; sood location.
FILLMORe! i 007— Fine furnished rooms;
sunny, convenient and modern: table board.
FURNISHED rcom. with board. In Gennaa
family. Address box 2731, Call office.
HOWARD. S41A — Flnt-clasa board and room,
slngte or double. $5-$6 wk.: America a family.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison — Pleasant
rcom for yousg lady, with board reasonable.
Steventcn Mansion, opp. Grace Church, annex
<O7 CallfcmJa — Sc« rooms.leam prices. try tab!»
ROOMS WAITED.
BUSINESS man wants furnished room at $5
a month. Box 2790. Call.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; single lady. Box 2775. Call.
BOOM BJBJimQ AGE3ICY.
WE rent your rooms: hundreds cf roomers call-
ins; daily: don't delay seeing us. Room Rent.
Ing Advertisers. 117 Sutter st.. phone Clay VM.
DlVlflBBP HOTICE3.
A MONTHLY dividend of 5 cents per share oa .
the preferred capital stock of the United
Milk Company has been declared, now pay-
able at the office of the 'company at &M
Montgomery St., S. F. Regular monthly
dividends will be paid In future.
IiEOAIi AD VEST IHJCMJtl JITS.
ANY one that has any claim on salooa at No.
129 East St.. owner Ch. McKenzle, pleaao
collect your bill before July 30, 1904. Placs
has been sold.
raoposjtxs.
DEPARTMENT of ths Interior. Office of In-
dian Affairs, Washington. D. C. July IX
1304. — Notice is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and.
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal
and asphalt deposits will be opened by th*
Commissioner of Indiaa Affairs at his office.
In Washington, at dates as follows: For tUs
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis-
trict (No. 1). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastera
time). Monday. October 3, 1904; for tracts
In the Wilburton-Stlgler District (No. 2). at
2 o'clock p. zn. (Eastern time). Monday. De-
cember 3. 1004; for tracts la the Howe-Ps-
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. ra.
(Eastern time). Monday. February 8. 1903:
for tracts In the McCurtaln-Massey District
(No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern Use).
Monday. April 3. 1805; for tracts 13 the Le-
high-Ar&nore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 3. 130ft;
and for tracts in District No. 4 (unleased
segregated asphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday. August 7. 1303.
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits
to be sold and copies of the regulations of
June 17. 1904. governing 1 ths stle of the ua-
leased segregated coal and asphalt lands snd
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos-
its, may be obtained upon application to this
office or the United States Indian Agent.
Union Agency, Muskogee. Indian Territory.
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which
win be found In the regulations. A certlSwl
check or draft for twenty per cent ci th*
amount of the bid must accompany tha bid.
The lands will be scld for cash, asd success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs th* full
amount of their respective bids wlthia fifteen
days after receipt by them of notles or th»
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid-
. der fails to eomply with the terms of his btd
within the time specified ths check deposited
by him as an evidence of good faith will b«
forfeited to the use of the Choetaw and
Chickasaw nations. The right ta reject any
or all bids Is reserved. Deeds of conveyance-
will contain a clause> "subject, however, t j
existing rights of way for railroads," a. C
' TONNER, Aetins Commissioner. Depart-
ment of the Interior. Washington. D. C.
July 13. 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN.
Acting Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 12. 1904.— Scaled
proposals, in triplicate, will be received her*
until 11 o'clock a. m.. July 27. 1904. and thea
opened, for construction of wharf at Dis-
charge Camp. Angel Island, CaL. Including
coal shed thereon: Government reserves th«
right to reject or accept any or all bids in
who!' cr in part. Information furnished on
application to W2J. S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Quartermaster.
For Additional Classifi«d Advertise-
ments S«c Page 14.
MISCELLANEOUS — POE SALS— Con.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BuKard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. 122 AlarketsJL _^^
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ar.d launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAIC. 46 Fremont at.
MISCgltliAffEOgSJgAgTS.
BIG prices paid for old sold, sealskins, dia.
monde gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
WANTED — To lease for term of years, good
ground for duck hunting during season.
Gun Club, 770 O" Farrell st.
MORRIS wants- 2d-hasd clothing, fancy ladles'
dresses. Tuxedo suits.etc.:posui. 843 Folsom.
HIGHEST price raid for castoft clothlns; TeL
Davis S25: 630 Sacramento st. .
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing anJ
theatrical good*. 134 9th sC : tel. Je&ele 2S51.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co. S72 Mission: phone Bush 467.
MONEY TO SiOABr^^
XXa^herman murphy.
* 601-C02-b03 Kxamlner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests- atslgnnents ol rents; property in trusi.
itc.1 legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. -Strictly confidential.
When \""a Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. '
WILL LOAN ~
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of / Interest.
Give full particulars
. of property or chattels.
Location, etc
Box 430. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried ' people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2 j
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store-, i
S46 Market; tel. Main 1G44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
from burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 23 Stockton; phone Bu«h 4S4.
UONEY- loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 49
principal cities. Tolman. 653" Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
1 st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew.
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 434.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery »t.,rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pear's and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
; ¦
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages.
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
1 Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security, S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS' to salaried people privately without se-
curity. PIONEER CO.. 819 Market st.. suite 31
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Rocm 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bids;.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & planoa; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMA1N. room 81. 6 Eddy et.
lVi PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
charged. ELFVI.NG. 616 Hearst bid., Ex. ent.
CASH Io«ned salaried people on notes, without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building..
HONEY WANTS J>. -
LOAN $7500 2 years; security 1st mortgage
valuable machinery plant, city. Box 3804, Call
MPSIC^J^TBTJT^NTS. vs^^
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average robots, bijr pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.; Llanos for rent at $1 per mo..
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.; our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money in S. F.); a fine line of elegact large
pianos for $4 and $5 p«r mo. ; over 150-* In-
struments to select from, all of them good
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year s
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.f 560-64 Hayes st.
A FEV exceptional bargains; all uprights:
Heine grand. $475; Gabler, $350; Krell. $375;
Heine $235; Stein way, $325; Mason & Him-
lin. $283; Knabe. $160; Fischer. $115; Behr
Bros.. $187; Crown, $140; Kimball, $65; Em-
erson $125; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $97:
Collard. $55: Investigate our new rent and
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oakland.
1252 Broadway.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS.
Erard; small upright for practice $40
Woodworth, Allovon; splendid order $t"3
Wagner; perfect condition; a snap $110
Neumann; mahogany cafe; a bargain. .$125
Es-tey; mahogany case; perfect order.. ?1'JO
Easy pay. BenJ. Curtas & Son, 16 O"Faxrell.
A PIANO free for one month; If you want to
rent after that money applied on purchase
price. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary st.
ONE month Tlano rent free on pianos rented
In July and August. BRTJENN. 223 Sutter.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
rew; $135. 237 Geary st.
$60 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain
call at HOHyUNG'S. -1H6 McAllister st.
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $55.
STATHAM, 110 MoAUiater st.
EOHMER, Byron Mauiy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Eteinway up; Chickerlng baby grand:
Fhoningcr. little used. Keeffe's. 2«5 O'Farrell.
MUTES AHD MUTHTQ.
Al MINING property to exchange for city
realty; value $60,000; would be willing to
assume small mortgage. Address box 2736,
Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for Tonopah stocks. 533-543
Crossley bldg.. Pacific States Min. & Inv Co.
0PPICE3 AHP STORES TO UT.
MARKET, 815— To rent for term of years, ore-
half of store-room; best retail location In
San Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post at.
A— MME. G1LLINGHAM,
Complexion specialist, has opened offices at
131 Powell st.. between O Farrell and Ellis;
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle,
crowsfefet. bagginess of the eyes, freckles,
lost contour, smallpox pittlngs, etc.; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin;
all consultation free and confidential, either
by mall or person; I will take "patients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
A SUIT cr overcoat. Including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on In-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this T Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 5Oc. Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm- ;
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching, scadp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses rcalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co. .1333 Polk.
MRS WHEELOCK removed (La Verlte Co.)
to 045 Market, next to Palace; sale this
week, switches, $1; La Verlte «kln food,
40c ; - Rob Rot lotion. 40c. ,
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years* experl-
ence treats Crue habits by the safest meth-
- ods; correspondene* solicited: strictly con-
fldentiaL Box 3234. Call office.
-Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mwth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 323 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
HOL'fcE paiutins that will stand; phone Fell
4174.. CLARK • Decorating Co.. . practical
painters, ttnters and- paper-hangers; fine
work a specialty, references if you want >m.
BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special to
painters. BUTCfrEP., 741 Mission st.
HOUSES A1TD WAGOHS.^ _
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons.
*urrey». buggies carts ar.d harness; at 114^>
l**o!ijpm st. -
FINK river Ixttoni pa«t'jrage; green feed year
r=und: r.car Black Diamond, Contra Costa
Ojunty. Nucleus Stables. ltK) Stevenson. S.F.
FOR sale — A fine saddle mare kind and sound;
weight ICflO '.)»; will eell for $75 Bo* 329«,
Call office.
ONK t-pan truck horse?: price $225. v McNAB
& SMITH. Brannan st. between 7th and Sth.
FOR sale — Rubbtr iijfd burfry. $S5; used very
little. Box 2210. Call office.
LIGHT buggy for sale; price $60; used 2
rr.or.ths. Box 2251. Call office.
FOR sale — Fine set rubber mounted harness,
$15. Address box 1015. Call office. j
LARGE team, $40; pacer, $20: camp team, out-
fit, sale or 'ent; buggy, cart. 272S Bryant.
NEW and tecond-hand wagor.n, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. epp. Frunklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys.bugjles. wagons, har-
r.esfi. work and drU'ing horses. 15th-Valencla.
INVALID CKAIBS.
EOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eamee tricycle chair. 2013 Mkt. : teLPark 775.
I.OST AITD rOTTKP.
LOST — Saturday, a red cameo pin, valued as
kee«j.'cke from dead parent. Please leave at
license office. City Hall, and receive reward.
LOST — Feather boa on O'Farrell st.. from
Crpheum to Ellis and MaEon sts. Return same
and receive reward at 1121V* Folsom st.
LOST— White spitz dog. Finder will receive
liberal reward by returning the same u
Hotel Netherlands. IS Turk st.. room 54.
LOST — A passbook with the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco; No. 17706. The
finder will i lease return to bank. . ,
COAT containing^ gold watch on Redwood road,
Alameda Co. Return 15 California; reward.
LOST— July 21. lady's pleated black purse.
Return 41S Post Bt.: reward.
LOST — At Sutro baths. Sunday, a ring with
two pearls and garnet. 7SS Haight: reward.
FOUND — Gentleman's gold watch. Owner call
at Sg« Parrott bldg.. bet. 12:30 and 1 p. m.
POUND— The next three months, choicest cut
flowtsrs and all descriptions floral work at J
on»-third the regular prices; under contract'
and must sell; 2 stores. 311 Sutter and 1204
Sutter. SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of • San Francisco* In the
name of Mary Agnes Sullivan. No. 125-440.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black Gordon eetter dog;, between Col-
ma and Point Pedro, Sunday ' morning; 11-
cense number 2284; reward. 2403 California.
LOST— Wednesday, a gold chain bracelet: email
diamond In the padlock. Return to Chron-
icle cashier and receive reward.
STRAYED— Sorrel horse, from San Francisco
Ranch. IIS Russia ave.. near Mission. TeL
Capp.2054.
lApycHis roa htbs.
C. A. McNEILL, LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; fcr pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534. <
J. Michaelis Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
ing A excursions. S Steuart st. ;tel. John 26S8.
aiATTRESSES AgD PILLOWS.
TO order; rerwrated. disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning-. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard *t.; phone South 216.
______^ MASSAGE.
MASSAGE st the homes; rheumatism, par-
alysis, nervousness, successfully treated A.
Vimnga.magnetic magaeur.514 E 12th. E. Oak.
MEDICA1.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick rellvf
from Irregularities consult me; my method*
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In alt fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market ct., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
Relief f;r irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who caa say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est- 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON, office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: instant reilef
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe.
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market «t., opp. Sth,
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
scld; price $- 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
en receipt of price, OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the moat difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES* irregularities from any cause cured
in one day: no drugs: no operations; strictly
private: advice free; hours 9 to a.
DR. SYLVESTER, office 219 Kearny eL
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st. »«-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original m*thcd of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe cure, never falls;
$2 Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— TOB SALE.
BOILERS, eng-ines. 2d»hand machinery. MclSu
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
lrcn. tin or shingles; be*t for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-HAKD machinery, engine?, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale St.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gihes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
_ etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and^jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DERE3IEI.' S. 137 Mont*
gomcry St., rocm 12. upstairs.
' GENTS" full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
«uits to rent at LICHTENSTEXN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
FOR sal* cheap— Floor trucks, carpenters' and
plumbers' tools, windows, shelves, barbers'
chalrg and bo on. Call at once. 933 Howard.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
¦mall weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. "e
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstairs.
TRY cur men's shoea at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot-form thoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam., bid.; catalog free.
TO motormen and gripmen, a heavy Eastern
beaver overcoat or ulster with high collar
for sale, cheap. H. PEYSER. 121 Third st.
A HANDSOME coupe Just out of the shop
after complete overhauling and repainting,
new rubber tires. 1011 Sutter street.'
A— EASTMAN pocket kodak, 3Hx3H; Httli
used; $7 50". Box 3S08. Call.
SCOTCH collie, female' pup; registered; prize-
winning stock; reasonable. Box 3S03, Call..
ENGINEER'S transit for sale cheap, a B
C . 411 Market st.
CHOICE homers cheap; runt crosses $1 60 pr :
other fancy varieties. C.Wllson.229 Stevenson!
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $S0; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — First- class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O'DONNELL. 1021 Market st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
Old Book Store. 61 McAllister st.
SAFES and cash registers, new end second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market ct.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Richardson Bros.'. 1810 Market st.
EDISON Phonograph Agency. Peter Bad.
galunl, moved to 730 Mission et.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 818 Third St.: tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. TIIE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
help -srAjraxa — Trivrrnrn ' cca.
VAN *.j£t>— Girls for in^'uir.s Kra;>e l>*sUets,
1*1 vUEa !-ar-.:ri-. Apply VYcstoa: Owkei
«-'. mr-eny. V.i;rJ ar.d I'srry gts.
YO!.";\C g-iri curs* Cor chili 2 years old; light
Piste. IOCS Larkln et.
1VANTi;:>— \\ • Btaa ¦ f coed bu-siness ability to
rryrescr.t ._ s; previous exjwrience ur.ncces-
sury; rtfrrr:.^* and security required- pood
salary ~:ar-inu-t.i. l':)7 Mutcal Bank bids;.
<J« J Ei:.\T»'RS 1*4 tir.;»her* ob ladies' vaists.
J:'jA BJtOJ 1 .. S2» ilarliet Ft.
EZ3TTZCES cf exp»rier:e»d business mail
Mjrt^J ty Isca! bcuw. Box 27*2. Call.
A PROFITABLE •BOBS;; Pick hops In Afgix-t.
Write L\ C;cn-.<r» Horn. l'^2 Battery it..S.F.
• ., I
A m.-.NVH cfSceftcr The Call fcr the reception '
cf .jdveriiern'r^Rs and subscription* has been I
*=pcn<-d it '00b Market St.. opposite Fifth.
<-i*-n •-¦• -:i U p. ra.
HELP WAITTEP— MAUE.
A— MURRAY as READY, C34-C3« Clay St.
itione Ma:n SM?.
Leading EaplCTSttBt and Labor Agents.
We ei»«&k the Uerman. French. Italian.
•Scandinavian, Grerk, Spanish. Slavonian aad
- :. - -h laz£uaret.
U*;3 We Gave 1&O4 We Hope to
MOAJOO Men Work. Increase «0,oxXX
He has arrived. New at cur office.
P.* preservatives of the United States
Gn\*rr.r:er.t wcrk beir.g dcrte close to
Wadiworth. in State of Nevada.
»<-< faxe tf> me. to all, M stss. See twsa. j
Oost only $1 office fee. See boss-
Muckers. $75. £*« bo«».
TeaaMters, jts. See boss.
t.drorer*. *75. Bee ho«.
1 Tilier*. S»0. Sc * bo * s -
Ccscreta mixers. $75. See boss, j
Call early; ses representatives at cur
o:?ice; first -class food and accommodations ;
steady Job; crowds daily going— are you?
CARPENTERS.
12 rs-rpenters. loc f«r#, $3 day.
» carr enters, city <t-bs. S3 to $4 4ay.
S carper.ters and stair bvi:!dere. $4 day.
BUTCHER*.
Y'Mirg BBS, dn\e butcher wagon. 10o fire.
BLACKSMITHS.
'2 blacksmith*, different .<" | fc». $3 to $4 day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Tf«.iter. rr.'.re. ecutlifc-'-st. $W found.
12 ook«. <J:?rerer.t n'.aww. $S3. $50. $60.
€ m-iite.-m. $30 to t*0 and found.
4 waiter boys. $^5. $20 and found.
12 <Ilffcwa*hers. «6. $7. $* week.
Latmdryman. Institution, $40.
4 pcrtsrs. 2 beKbcyf.
LUMBER COMPANIES'. ETC.
Gang edgerman. boss here. $75.
< >m*"nt flr.isher. country.
Head donkeymaB. weods. fare $2. $63 found.
Man. .-: .-¦ c vinegar plant. $20 week,
liead lineman, wools. *75 ar.3 found.
Jcinter. country, $33 and found.
2 rr.ex make sash weights, city job.
4 prBxaber» $4.
f Iroa mciders.
3 wheelwrights, carriage works.
C.raier. lumber company, r.crth, $W>.
Tall edrerman. fare $3. $2 23 day.
?:<""•'• tender, lumber ccTr.pary, south, $50 fd.
12 er>aj*en. slack work, steady. 10c barrel.
2 lumber graders, fc'ies here, $90.
I^rr.ber grader, bow here. $3 day.
C.arjf eigerrr.tn. lumber ccrr-rany. $75.
5 vr.fr.. make staves aril FpUt staves, red-
¦rood. l>vss hTe. t50 found: 2 screw turners; j
2 carnspe fitters; hook tender.
Ca-.g r*.*rrm\ burner*, 10c to 15r eack.
FARMS — DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 Tni'.ker*. f.V\ $33 $4'' and found. .
12 fn.-rr.er*. $.ti> and found.
12 clnrcznca. boys. $30 to $15 found.
U etablemen. 530 found. $*v\ $73.
4 fsimeis ar.3 wive*. $4'\ $V>. $t» fouad.
HURRAY & READY. ti34 ar.d C3S Clay et.
FPECTALLT GOOD JOBS.
K-7^*>!-ho*r. corporation stable, non-union.
*J -.lay.
Fioorman. corporation ctable. non-union,
|3 r-n day.
1! Here. Steady Work. Call Early.
MURRAY &r READY. C34 and 656 Cay st.
LOOK! ETEADT JOBS.
IJO iabor»*i. Juir.ber company: you'll do; $60. ;
S<"" f«um» latcr^rs. lumber <~ompany, $2 day. I
Fpecial fare. Special railroad car.
25 BOYS OR YOUNG MEN.
Plar.i^g mill bcx factory, JoO and found.
BOS? HERE— SEE HIM.
3 machine miner*. foM Tuartz, $S2 50.
Arraleamstor. ircld quartz, tV).
• ' ¦-¦ rum tor, gold quartz, $75.
Hostler, eity Jcb, %<?\.
2 f.rerr.en. o!l burners, for a r=!n«.
BOILERMAKERS.
-' bc'.ler-tnakers. 4t-c hour.
25 boiler-makers' helpers. 25c hour.
LOOK.
2 ca.-Tenters. rarrh, fare 25c, $2 day ar.d fi I
2 carpenters, city and country Jobs. $4 day. ]
Farter, ranch. 50c fare $2 00 day.
BUrtanrtth ar.d tool eharpener. $2 75 and $3
day.
LOOK.
Ptorek-eper. institution, boss here. ..$30 fd.
Frahletrtaa. mtnitig town, $40 and found.
< rbotcassa. horses, etc.. bakerj-. fare $1 70, I
S25 and found.
2 tack sowers, harvester. $2 day and found.
LOOK.
CAMP— FARE SI.
Cock. frst. camp, fare $1. $C0 and fooad.
Peccr.d cxk. cam ? . fare $1. $50 and found.
Waiter. ca.^:p. fare $1. $30 and found.
Cnef cock, fare 15. No. 1 Job, $*0 and found. I
Cock, srr.a!! hotel. 50c fare. $40 and found. I
rook, plain hotel. 75< fare, $50 and found.
Oy«ter saJad man. cafe. city. $10 week fd.
B#<fc:aken. e!evatcr boys, bellboys.
Waiter. Eurtka. fare paid. $S 75 week fd.
blCbt porter, c&od t:de rr.«jey, hotel. $20 fd.
MURRAY A READr. 634 and 636 CUy st.
PLANER s:«r. -un rip eaw, $2 to $3 day.
Ms.= io hea* up p'.^icJe bsrrels, $2 day.
• . LOOK.
Amalgamator. gtsM quarts mine. $30.
. cc.Brer.tratcrs, gold qusjtx mine, $75.
fceccE4 cock, tctel. COc fare. $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
23 MEN ~Z
as laborers, no experience- wanted for «x-
ceptJccally good bar.k:r.g tyn<J:cate,
$S7 50 PER MONTH.
M^RKaY *l READY. Sti^OC CSay st.
BOT— rmr.is and cff.ee for us. "~"~~
aiURP.AY ic READY. CU-gtt Cay it.
A— TO LCS ANGELES, $4 60.
V.y Sacta Fe R. K., 8 p. m. dairy.
1^5 tean-.tters. $80.
T. 1 ?*. Urrf J of «ur.iS'ise. fi-alt and Cowers.
Ulgr.l3Lr.it. Redlacis. Rlversid-.
ML RRA Y fc REAL-Y. C34-C38 Pay at.
¦*— BA KER Eajiu Cru* Co.. $14 week found
Waiter. East and fare paid. $S 75 week fdl
Io5 woodcheppers.
LOOK.
Ix;verms.n fcr a dred**-. $70 found.
Tirjisi:h. ft-hcur Jcb. $3 50 <«ey.
Brick burner, bcrs here, J75
LOOK.
4-fcsrM teamster, city dairy. $25 found.
Milkers. Reno. Jvev., $35 found.
Tearr.ster. enake Iocs, «50 to 500 fo-jrd
Driver, city, light delivery wag=, $2 day
2 Bis&ken. free fare. »4 day.
LOOK~ •-
Chef cook. mine. 5Tj fc^nd.
Cock *.r.i milk. 3 men cook for. Oregon, $33
10'jr.a.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OIL FIELDS. ~~"
• Itbcrers, bees at our office. $2 25 day
LOOK.
2 Starch ironers. country laundry. $12 week.
STonfl orv.k. country hotel, r» found.
lien care invalid, rrur.trr. $2t> found.
/ MARRIED.
Man and m'fe fcr mine, man as laborer.
«-ife to cock fir 7 men. $CJ found.
Man ard w:fe. private family, msn garden
end chores, wire rock, botr here. $45 femnd
M U P.P. AY £i RKADY. CC4-C33 Clay et.
IF the expected sympathetic strike U declared
free fare. Ynt fart.
N..r--j -."¦¦: m*n'cri!y wanted.
Skilled catUe butcher*. Floor men.
r>- 8!der». # Spnttero.
TT\:r5r»*T». Backer*
Hide dreppcrs, Flremeni
Engineers and ether help.
experienced and crmr-etest, trllitas: to t'.^n
contract, with trooA l.-c--._ep. yeun^If subject
to careful Inspection, exacting r.a snap*,
•rOSci to so errywhere wa «<ajd yea. call at
cur crr.ee Bt o*^^^^
V> <*-ay srid fr.und. * That's btuinw.
$2 P<» day eM found. That's all
MURRAY & READY. 634-620 Clay et.
GOVERNMENT pesmers— Tall «t 025 Ooldea
Gat* sve.. rocsxx 7. for frt-» Isformation «*
to r"-»:Uen^. salaries, are limits, etc.: day
r-r «-venins»
A M.«r.* cf Ir.drrr.'.iable er.enry'i and push, a
r&od taiit-r. eager to make tncney. F. PER-
W5. *7T and 47S. Parrott bulldftsr, I
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'IPTS
ALAHEDA RT1*T- 2STATE.
S"OR sale — New cottage of 5 cr more rooms.
Call at 1534 Union at.. Alameda.
$2pOO wtll build a modern 5-room cottage:
let 3jili.'>; f ¦:>¦<> cash, $25 per month.
J. H. YOUNGS builder. 1243 Park st.
¦ ¦ ¦ — 1 —
BEAUTIFUL 10-room residence In Alameda;
lot 60x150. Owner. £16 Market. S. F.. roora 9J.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Investments Near New Santa Fe,
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
End of block; 271 feet frontage on track; two
blocks from Berkeley station $2300
Lot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $200
Lot H«J3; mac; within Vi block $450
Half bKck adjoining R. R. property $2«00
Buy where values are Increasing.
Several hundred other lots and a number of
cheap houses.
CHA3 A. BAILEY, 1056 University are-.
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
6 ACRES in the heart of town, with cottage. !
windmill. 4000-gal. tank, large born, cow-
shed and hussy shed; fronting on macada-
mized street, fcr sale at a barzain; there's
money In It.
JOS. J. MASON.
- 8E. Cor. Shattuck and Center St.
GOOD business property at a bargain oa
Park st. Inquire at 2315 San Antonio ava. j
FRUIT VALE ADVERT ? S ? Tsj
PBTJITVAI.E BEAJi ESTATE.
FOR sale— $2750; h cost J375C.- rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply '
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. j
East Oakland.
FOR sale — Small stock, poultry and fruit ranch :
in Upper Frultvale: a great bargain; price
f450. F. LEITHMAX. Lincoln ave. j
OAKLAND ADVERrS'MTS
O-^lCE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAILAITD HEAL ESTATE.
Chicago. 111.. July 6. 1904-
J. S. MYERS. Real Estate Agent
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
Dear Sir— I want you to sell my house on
Edwards street at once. Reduce the price
to $3750. It has cost me $4500. The hous- |
is new. has seven rooms. and bath. I ha!
it built for a home and it is first-class in ¦
every way: open plumbing; combination !
ga» fixtures; lot is 50x123; fronts south:
mortgage of $25CO can remain. I make this
reduction In price so as to realize on It at
once. Respectfully, LOUIS D. REEB. Pal-
mer House. Chicago.
The above mentioned property ta a first-
class place: it is near the Key Route station
on Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street.
The street is SO feet wide, macadamized and
cement walk? and is a first-class neighbor-
hood. It is positively a big bargain, and to
see it means to buy it.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$375 CASH $10 monthly— Double cottage of 4
nice rooms, bath and pantry: grand well of i
soft spring water; Al sandy loam yours '
fruit trees, flowers, loganberries, raepberrles
and blackberries, chicken house and barn !
and chicken run; 2 lots. 65x100. all fenced; t
no cold wind or fog: near electric car line,
school, church, postoffiee and large hall; sec- i
tion new, but nicely settled up; price $1325 [
In all; call or send for circular. 455 Seventy'
St., opposite Broadway station. • Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
/BARGAIN— $1000; 3-room house; large lot.
, ' windmill and tank; everything new; must
sell Immediately; only $«0O cash required.
5137 Maple st.. off Fifty-first, near Tele-
graph. Oakland. ¦
OAKIAOT 1'UUUITUUE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st..eor.store.Oakland.
San Francisco Advertism'ts.
__H00MS^ r OB HOTTSEgEEPrgQ. _
CRAGBURN (The). 1007 LarVln. cor. Post—
Rooms, single, en suite, housekeeping. ¦»
FIFTH st., 353 — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms. $12 50; no children: single $5.
FURNISHED sunny suites; all complete for
housekeeping; gas. bath, phone: quiet and
pleasant home: near Park and City Hall; $15
up. St. Jaraes. McAllister and Laguna sts.
HAIGHT. 222—3 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple: phone; call 1-4. 7-9 p. m.
I HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished for {
housekeeping; large yard; r»nt $15.
HARRISON. 74S — Housekeeping room. $7; gas.
laundry; 2 furnished rooms, $5 and $7.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suits; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates rea,»-
LARKIN. SlOVt — Large sunny front room;
light housekeeping if desired; reasonable.
LIBRARY bids.. Van Nes3 asd Golden Gate
a ves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
MCALLISTER. 683 — 2 Iarse unfur. rooms for
housekeeping; regular kitchen; call before 4.
MISSION. 013 Vt— Housekeeping suites and sin-
gle rooms; sunny.
OAK, 117, 533 McAllister — Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12: gas range, hot bath: adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 month; bath: sunny and clean.
See Sundays or 6 p. m. week days.
PAGE. 228 — In a modern flat; newly furnished
parlor suite: brass bed: everything up-to-
date: use of kitchen, dining-room, bath and
phone: very small family; very reasonable
to the right party.
PEARL, 3. corner Market — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $11. $13. $14: no chtldren;
phone.
POLK, 612— $14: large back rocm. small
kitchen; gas stove; bath;call forenoon ;phone.
"SACRAMENTO. 1433— 3 nicely fur.rms.;front A
back parlors, kitchen: gas stove, bath, phone.
SECOND, 434 — Two nice large rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 191— Bay-window housekeeping
rooms.
SEVENTH. 436 — I sunny housekeeping rooms.
SIXTEENTH. 3674. nr. Market— Large unfnr.
rra.; running water: suitable for housekpng-
THE Virginia. 10C5 Powell st. — Complete for
hskpg.; furn, or unfurn. apartments; bay win-
dow, marine view, bath, range. Phone Red 392
"THE APOLLO." 526 Eddy— 2 and 3 r. suites;
private battt, electric lights; $25 to $40.
TURK. 1147 — Elegant new unfurnished rooms;
sunny; select location. Apply 10 to 4.
VAN NESS ave., 232— Furnished housekeep-
ing- 2 and 3 room suites: $10. $16. $20.
VAN NESS ave., 1419 — Sunny front suite with
use of bath, phone, etc.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
tpened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APABTMEWT H0TJSE3.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms: turn, or nnfurn. ; refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO IiET— Pnxn. and TJnfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; opea all night.
AT 'The Almonte." 873 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Hccra.". 23c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
. $1 50 to $10 week: house opeo all night.
AVERY. 29. off Geary, near Fillmore— Sunny
parlor in new Cat, IS.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 6C&— Parlor suite wjta running water;
rent single if desired.
DEVISADERO. 1317— Nice sunny furnished
room.
EDDY, 210— Elegant single and double rooms;-
gents preferred, or light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 62— Furnished rooms.
" ELLIOTT PARK. 9. nr. Geary and Steiner—
Fum-unfurn. 1 or 2 rooms, $0 to $10.
FILLMORE. 1021 — Nicely furnished sunny
double rooms: rent reasonable. -t:r
I FRANKLIN. 721. near G. G. ave.— Sunny fur-
, nished front rooms: all conveniences; tll&trj.
! GEARY. 141S— Nicely furnished front rooms;
pleasant hem*. .
" GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S3c
• to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.: readlng-rm.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to (1 day and $ 1 23 to $3 week.
HELP "WAITTED — MAI.E — Continued.^ j
A— PACIFIC Kliri.OYMENT AGENCY,
• r.-M.OfN:.', £;>> Ct-mmerciai *'<¦¦
Phone Main UU1. "Phone Main 1191.
RAILROAD V.OIIK— NORTH. -
20 lalKTetS to build logins K. K. for large
lumber company. $CO: water, climate and
c.Hr-rany flrst-ciatg: call early and go; it*
the fcest zcfns.
NEVADA.
flip to-r.'.sfct. teamsters. $2 CO day; see boss
here and rev.- work.
Fee $1— Lcs Angeles County— Fee $1
23 teamster*, ship to-ntxttj this is all next
winter's jcb r.::d $80.
LCMBSU COMPANIES.
"9 laborers $u« v S lumber piler*. $60, board
$13 : ~o boys, box factory, $1 «* 4ay; all
«e^y work. CTTy
llarnjss-c-.aVers, $3 50 day; cooks, waiters,
. i'crter*. j
' A^AMEltlCAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
<>1'2 QKBSWrdstl *t.. near Krfarny.
PDsae Hu.h KB— JOHN L. DRECKKLER.
CAftPKNTKBS. CABPKKTEBS.
10 carpenters, company worU. steady job,
fine board and accommodations, i^ found:
3 laborers. helj» carpenters, $42 iound; 3
carpent-rs". $3 10 day; -*> laborer*, large
lumber co.'s R. R., wood*. $'i; 0 laborers,
loggir.g It. R., $35 found; 8 laborers, lum-
ber co.'s R. R.. north, near Oregon. $40
fnusd; 20 laborer*, pipe line. $2 25 and
$2 ZJ>: 3 botchers, country shop, %30. $33
found. $50; butcher, ranch and drive peddle
wagon, boss here, $">5 found; 100 other Jobs.
AT HORD & SMITH' S.
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Carpenters, city. $4, non-union, no trouble.
Rough carrentent. city. $3.
Carpenter* for railroad company. $3 50.
Roy for printing office, city. $4.
Laborers fcr Fresno County. $2 25.
Southern California, $2. laborers.
Nevada, teameters. $2 50, fare $7 50.
CARPENTERS. $4 day; 10 laborers for coun-
try. $2 25 day; laborers for city, $2; fireman ,
for hotel. $25 and found: cook and wife for
small resort. $50: cook and wife for Institu-
tion. $50 and found; porter for Institution,
$25 and found; vegetable man and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
A— HOTFJ. GAZETTE. 2C Montgomery, r. 12.
Ilou*enan. $40; second cook. $15; porter, $25.
1 YOUNG men everywhere; ccpy letters horns
evenings; $3 50 week; B«id addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4,
hex. 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. »
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work; no night cr Sunday work; $25 security
required. Apply 310^j Fclsom et.. upstairs.
WANTED— Snlicltcr for real estate office; $40
a month and commission; good opportunity
f0» good rustier. Box 2492. Call.
, _ . — .
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; Western Addition;
good stand if properly taken hold of: cheap.
Stolts Barber Supply House. 723 Market st.
YCUNG man of good habits to do office work;
$30 i«r mnr.th; must have small capital.
Call 1015 Market st., room 4,
EOT wanted. A. BERBERT & BRO-, 1450
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS bushelraan wanted. 1103 Mar-
ket St.
SALOON porter. Fountain saloon, 1 Geary et.
MAN take charge outside business; pays good
wage*. Call to-day, 111S Market st.. room 1.
BRIGHT boy. about 16, to work In store. 612
Kearny st.
A GOOD barber wanted. 20S Third st.
BOY wanted to drive delivery wagon; 17 to
2v* years; references: good wages. 1726 Polk.
BOY for butcher shop and drive wagon. 1303
Buchanan st.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop: nr. city; no rent;
$•»; must Eell. H. Bernard. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted. 505 Fourteenth St., Oak-
> land.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 5CS Hayes st. ;
call early.
I WANTED — Man for kitchen wcrk: $4 p-r
week: easy Jcb; short hours. 61 X Larkln st.
I STRONG boy wanted; $4 a week. J. SILVER-
MAN. 224 Third st.
BARBER wanted to buy- or rent shop; low
rent: 2 rooms; retiring. 610 Pc«t st.
BARBER — Young man about 4 months' ex-
perience to finish trade. 761 Howard st.
"WANTED — Block butcher. Apply 3313 Mis-
sion «t, .
BARBER5 — $100 buys my shop and 3-chalr
business, 2^5A Eighth St.
~ ALL
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE: only
eight weeks required: positions secured: con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer anj catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 6S3-Clay st.
j AN experienced, sober, Industrious hat man to
take charge cf a hat department In a store
: situated not far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
rears of age. Address box 1SO2. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that 'Ed Roikin, R»r.o House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Ccyne Bros Co. School of Practical
Pluc<b!c:; send fcr catalogue. Address 4973-5
Kaston ave.. Pi. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government poslticns. Apply for fre« cata-
logue giving particulars, "iclflc Correspond-
ence Institute, Granc bldg.. -093 Market st.
WANTED — Men and weraeE to learn the bar-
ber trade: 5 weeks' new method. Haighfs
branch No. 1. 647 Commercial at.
FOREMAN, competent to take charge of large
vineyard ar.d orchard: must thoroughly un-
derrtard every-hir.g connected with vineyard
and farm work: in replying etate experience
end give references: good salary to proper
man. Aidrejs bcx 2744. Call office.
ERRAND boy wanted: must have references;
steady ccsitlon and advancement for right .
boy. KIRK. GEARY U CO.. 112 Geary »t.
\ TRY our men's ehc«s, ur.lcn mad?, at $1 and
$1 tO pair: foot- form tho»s at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 ii st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Elderly man to help In clear store;
references required. 2?2 Sixth st., city.
' ________ — . _ . .
GOOD wares paid to portrait agents. Call
after 3 p. ra. at 1005 Howard st.
LABOR 4*bts collected; tults. attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy. r . 415.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade: paid while
learning. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
A profitable outing: pick bops In August. Write
E. CLEMENS HORST CO..122Battery st-.S.F.
SAILORS and vounj men (green hands) for
thlrt. I1ALLBERT. S17 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullis. r.40, Ph?lan bid*.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
BAILORS end ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms- 35c night; reading-rooms;
tree 'bus aed baggage to and frcm ferry.
¦ A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpered at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth,
Open until 11 p. m.
| ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Dtincan & Church sts.
ALL sires men's shoes slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mlnslon st.. btt. 1st asd 2d sts.
GET jour shoes half-eoled while waiting: 25c
to nn<-. r<; Mirslcn >t. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAHTTEP— SAJ.ESMEH.
SALESMEN wanted — Agents. dealers and
ttorekeepers. start in business for yourself
on our. capital; we make men's fine clothing
to measure and you can sell oar perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little tncney as others retail ready
made goods; -you can control entire local
trade with our line; fall line 350 up-to-date
styles cf wocnena. fashion displays, etc.. now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-«lay for full particulars and
exclusive territory: experience not absolutely
necewary. American Woolen Mills Co.. Dept.
A. Washington bcvlvd. and Unlcn. Chicago.
SALESMAN: mu*t have experience and show
fint-cJas* record, specialty man preferred,
to handle general agency for cash and pack-
age carrier*: rood opening for right party.
Biltrlte ManfK. Co.. SID Third ave. South,
| Minnear^H*. Minn.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;s-nd for clr-
CTjIar. G. n. t;MBS2N- & CO./.'Q Montgomery.
!?§ HOTXSESJTOJiET— PVRariSHED.
'¦ TAYLOR. 1416. nr. Jackson, overlooking bay —
ftotn'orUbly fur. hcuee 7 r.. bath; open 1-4.
PIKIiCK. 47. cor. Dubr.ce> Park — Desirable new
ranny cott^c': 7 rrv:m«: furn. ct unfurn.
HOUSES rUKITISHED— FOR SAX.E.
FOR *al2 — Furnished C rooms; flat to let Call
at 100V4 Sixth tt. '
TELL OF GREAT NEEDS : ' <si>A. S. Worrell of Louisville. Ky.. th«
prominent evangelist, will arrive in
this city Thursday afternoon. He wlli
have classes at Sunshine Hall. KS
Harrison street, for several days there
after.
Evangelist Worrell Coming:.
The steamer Queen sailed on Sunday for
¦ Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports valued at
$11, 332 and Including the following: 1003
pkgs fresh fru Its, 330 . pkgs fresh vegetables
1U4 pkgs onions, 187 pkgs potatoes, 30,173 lbs
salt, 175 cs assorted canned goods, ltt pkgs
groceries and provisions 57 pkgs table prep
arations, 052 lbs dried fruit, 1277 lbs coffee
252 bxs paste. 50 cs whisky. 35 cs salad oil
5«,870 lbs malt. 256 gals 23 cs wine, 0380 lbs
meals. 7524 lbs beans. 200 tins matches, 12
Vkgs electrical supplies. 4 pkgs dry goods 6
Exports for Uie North.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in ths order of occurrence as to time; the
lourth time column gives the last tide r.f th»
day. except when there are but three tides, a*
•ometlmes occurs. The heights givea are la
TUESDAY. JULY 2«.
Sun rises ; 5-07
Sun sets ; 7 : 25
Moon sets 4: 25 a. m.
O iTlmel ITlmef ITlmel ITimTi
¦ I Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
» |L W| |H W{ \l XV] \H W|
26 4:50!— 0.6?ll:57 4.61 47301 3.1 lO^H! B.«
27 5:2S|— O.5!12:.14 4.7! 5:10| ."5 11122 S3
28 6:021—0.31 1:10 4.71 5:561 3.0 . .
H \V| IL Wl H W |L W|
20 0:00! 5.01 «::« 0.0 1:44 4 8 6-37 2 8
30 0:ml 4.« 7:07 0.4 2:14 4 8 720 " s
31 l:U>j 4.21 7::*.7 0.7 2:41 4.t»l S-0OI ;s
1 2:04l 4.01 8:12 1.2 3:131 4.9| t»:C2l 2.0
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
" The schooner Commerce (at Portland) was
chartered prior to arrival for lumber - thence
to Manila at $10 50; the schooner Fred E.
Sander, same business, from Puget Sound to
a direct port in Peru at 42s 6d.
Only Two Overdues.
The Ems and the Pioneer, each quoted for
reinsurance at 15 per cent, are the only vessels
on the overdue list.
The ship Balclutha, some. time ago reported
ashore at Geese Island, has been floated. She
Is now at Alitak, apparently ' little the worse
for the stranding. She will sail for this port
in a few weeks.
Balclutlia Is Floated.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the crty front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tba height
of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by otflcial authority ot the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
,,.,„.(, Hvdrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
cnantB- Expanse. San Francisco. CaL.
The Ul Tlme Ball' «- fl " tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I " at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
J. Jansky, a tailor who lives at 543 Minna
street. Jumped Into the bay yesterday from
Washington-street wharf. Intending to com
mit suicide. He was rescued and later ilrled
at the Harbor Hospital, where he »aid that
ill health had wearied h!m of life.
Tailor Tries to Drown Himself.
Ed Youngren of Victoria, B. C, who arrived
yesterday on the steamship City ot Puebla,
was denied a landlnu by the immigration au
thorities on the cround that he was suffering
from tuberculosis. Durlns the trip Youngren
Is said to have tried to JumD overboard, but
was restrained by a bluejacket from Bremer
ton Navy Yard, who was a fellow passenger.
Victim of Tuberculosis.
The shirs W. P. Frye and Kenllworth and
the bark Fooling Suey, all of which left dif
ferent Hawaiian ports -about th? same time,
arrived yesterday In comnany at Delaware
Breakwater. The three vessels are loaded with
fusar. Tlie Frye was from Honolulu, the
K^nil worth from Hllo and the Foohng Suey
from Kahulul.
Km! Long Voyage in Company.
UMPQUA— Arrived July 21— Schr Caroline,
from San Pedro. July 22— Stmr San Gabriel,
from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sail?d July 24— Schr Repeat, for
San Francisco: schr Melancthon. for San Fran
cisco. July 25— Bktn Tarn O'Shanter. for San
Francisco; etmr Breakwater, for San Fran
cisco
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 25— Ship
Jabez Howes, from Honolulu
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed July 24— Br ship
Dudhope. for Callao.
Sailed July 23 — Schr Wawona, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 25— Schr Cecilia
Sudden, for ' San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 24— Stmr Aberdeen,
for San Francisco; stmr Despatch, for San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed July 25 — Nor stmr Tl
tanla. honce July 21 Tor Nanalmo.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived 'July 25. U:30
am — Stmr Del Norte, hence July 23..
EUREKA — Sailed July 21 — Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco.
Arrived July 25— Stmr Noyo, hence July 23
stmr Corona, hence July 21.
Sailed July 2r>— Stmr Phoenix, for Kan Fran
cisco: tstmr Prentts*. for San Pedro.
Arrived July 23 — Stmr Alliance, hence
July 24.
DOMESTIC PORTS
_ July IS-Lat 45 X. lon R 14 W. Br rhlp Lcns
dale. from Shields for Port Lo* Angeles
June 27— No lat, long 31 W. Fr bark Le
PUler. from Hamburg for San Francisco.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS— July 25. 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind W; velpclty 1«5 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
SAILED
Saturday July "3
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Eureka.
.. Monday. July 25
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thomp-nri Port Roce's
Stmr MagRie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay '
Stmr Acme, Lunrtqul?t, Eureka
Stmr Asuncion. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Fulton. Panxer. Westport.
Stmr Francis H Lfggett. Reiner Eureka
„ Monday. July 25.
Stmr Columbia. Dornn. Astoria; Oregon R
Stmr Bonlta. "Prcble, San Pedro; Pac Coast
S-S Co.
c, _, ' Monday, July 25.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepseu. SG hours from
v Ictoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Pomona. Swan?on. IS hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Badger, 4 days from
Seattle.
Stmr F A ICilburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
Pori Rosrers.
Stmr State of California. Nieoteon. 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr China, Friele. 27 days S houm B3 min
from Hongkong, via Yokohama Iti days 9 hour3
3 min via Honolulu u days 22 hours 10 min.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. H5 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr EurekH. Jessen, 25 hours from Eureka
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson, 85 hours from
Nanalmo.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, t hours from
Bollnas.
Schr Sausallto Dahloff 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 10 hours from Bo
dega.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
. Shipping Intelligence.
The departure for Ventura of the oil
steamer Asuncion was delayed several hours
yesterday because a steel cable fouled the oli
carrier's propeller. The steel rone was trail-
Ing overboard from the Francis H. Leggett
and was nicked up by the Asuncion's wheel
when the latter vessel started to back Into the
stream. The Asuncion was delayed again off
Melggs, wharf while a stowaway, found hidden
under the carrenter's bench, was landed. The
stowaway declared that two companions were
also hidden on th? vessel, but a rigid search
proved either that the stowaway lied or that
his companions wore coed hldcrs.
Asuncion Ts Twice Delayed.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Aztec ij Panama ! July 20
G. Dollar San Diego Uuly 2K
Pomo Point Arena ft Albion. July 2S
Cocs Bay : San Pedro & Way Pta. July 27
City Sydney. . | New York via Panama. July 2T
Aurelia : Portland & Astoria July 27
Elizabeth Coquille River July 29
Del Norte Crescent City July 2S
Argo Eel River Ports July 28
San Pedro. | Pan Pedro July 28
S. Barbara San Pedro I July 2S
Corona Humboldt I July 23
Curacao Mexican Ports I July 23
Point Arena.. | Mendocipo & Pt. Arena' July 2S
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.iJuly 2S
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orford (July 2S
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria (July 23
j Redondo Portland & Astoria. ... (July 2.S
Chlco Portland & Astoria July 30
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports July 30
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma July 30
Eureka I Humboldt July HO
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor July 3t
Bonlta I Newport & Way Ports. July 31
Sequoia IWUlapa Harbor July 31
Pomona Humboldt : Uuly 31
; Marlposa (Tahiti |Aug. I
Oregonian 1 New York via Coronel.lAug. 1
State of Cal.. «! San Diego & Way Pt*. Aug. 1
Breakwater. ..Coos Bay Augf. 1
Alameda [Honolulu I Aug." 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria I An* 2
North Fork..., 1 Humboldt (Ang. 3
Crniralia 1 Grays Harbor lAuff. 2
Newport [New York via Panama. I Aug. X
Queen ' Puget Sound Ports .[Aug. 4
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination! | Sails. I Pier.
July 26. f I ~~
Newbure... Grays Harbor | 4 pmlPier 1O
S. Monica.. Los Angelem Ports. 4 pm.Pier 3
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
laqua Humbo'.dt 2 prn Pier 2
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2O
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandlll amjPler 2t
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way.. -I 9 amiPier 11
July 37. I I
Eureka Huir.LoIdt I 9 *m Pier 13
Poirona.... Humboldt l"-3O p Pier 9
Arctic Humboldt 9 am (Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm|Pier 20
July 28. I
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 3
Pomo ., pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. 1 Han Diego tc Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma 'Sydney & Way — 2 pmlPier 1
Rainier ! Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm[Pler 10
Redondo 1 Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm,Pler 2
Breakwater.' Coos Bay B pmtPier 3
July 29. 1
Mongolia...; China A Japan.... 1 pm'Pier 40
Totmes 'Hamburg & Way.. 12, mJPIer 1!>
City Puebla . I Puget Sound Ports. Ill am, Pier a
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului.l 3 pmPlfr a
Arso Eel River Ports... I 4 pmlPier 2
July so. I 1
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd!12 m'Pler IT
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena I 4 pm! Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am)Pler 11
San Juan... N. Y via Panama. 112 m.Pter 40
Aurclla Astoria & Portland* 7 pm'Pier 27
Elizabeth. .. Coquille River 5 pm' Pier 20
Corona Humboldt 1:50 p'-Pier 9
July 31. I 1
S. Rusa San Diego & Way.l 9 am^Pler 11
U. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amiPier 2*
Anffust 1. I I
Amer. Maru China & Japan.... | 1 pm'Plcr 40
August 3. I
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill amlPler tt
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma,) 5 pmlPier 20
Ausru*t 4. ! I
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor. ..I 4 pmlPier 20
G. Llndauer i Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pler 20
FROM SEATTLB.
Steamer. Destination! I Sails.
lefferson |Skagway & Way Ports. jJuly 2S
Humboldr. ... (Ska^way & Way Ports. I July 'iS
Dirigo ISkasway & Way For;».|july SI
Cottage City. 'Skagway & Way Ports. "Ju!y 31
Senator : Nome djrect lAusr. .
F.xcelslor ! Seldovia & Way Ports. tAug. 1
Victoria (Nome & Siberia |Aug. 2
Alki tfkagrvay * Wav Ports. (Aug. .1
Roar.oke ' Noma & St.' Michael.. iAug. «
Merchandise for Hilo.
The steamer Enterprise sailed on Saturday
for Hllo with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $57,240 and including the following:
346 bbls flour. 7711 gals wine. C6 casks beer,
22 cs whisky, 4084 ctls barley. 2S2 ctls wheat,
23 ctls corn. 17;787 lbs middlings. C5.85C lbs
bran. 310<S bale? hay. 25.010 lbs beans. 67M
lbs 0 cs bread. 19 cs 5O pkgs salmon. 242 cs
assorted canned goods. 5160 lbs lard. 10;« lbs
2 pkgs fresh meat. 174 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 1110 lbs .1H pkgs meals, 3S17 lbs
cheese. 10OO lbs rice. 2010 lbs shorts. 375 pkgs
potatoes. 414 pkgs fresh fruits, S7 pkgs onions.
30 bxs raisins, 2SS5 lbs 1 cs ham and bacon,
112 bxs paste. 1417 lbs candy, 2700 lbs salt,
1323 lbs butter. 10,773 lbs sugar, ID cs table
preparations. 7X).327 lbs fertilizer. 31 pkgs dry
goods, 120 cs boots and shoes. 9 pkgs electrical
supplies. 177 pkgs leather. 2!) pkgs paper 31
bales paper bags. « cs hats. 7S b.ils pipe. 400
bbls lime, 12 cs nails, 2tOO lbs 6 C3 tobacco,
02 pkgs paints. 6 pkgs agricultural Imple
ments, 5 bdls iron, 39 bdls wire. 200 cs coal
oil. 415 pes sewer pipe, 4» pkgs wagon ma
terial, 21 cs drugs. 40 coils rope.
Movements of Steamers.
bars Iron, 5600 lbs fertilizer. 24 pkgs ma
chinery.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 29.875 lbs dried fruit valued at $S39
en route to Winnipeg, Manitoba, and 23 bars
8 bdls steel, 42 bars iron, 1 ton coal. 4 cs
machinery and 6 pkgs hardware valued at
|621 for Dawson, Northwest Territory.
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a rcicus t — )
sign prectdes the height, and then the number
given la substracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean,
of the lower low waters.
CALLAO— Arrived July 20— Ger ship Al
sterufer. hence May 6.
LONDON— Sailed July 23 — Br stmr Dulwich.
for Manila.
CALETA BUEXA— Sailed June 15— Br bark
Harold, for Victoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 28— Ger stmr
Nicomedla from Victoria, and sailed June 29
for Hongkong. July 1— Br stmr Hyson, from
Tacoma. and sailed July 6 for Hongkong
Sailed July 22— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
for Vancouver 22~'l _,
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 22— Stmr Curacao.
for San Francisco. tt-*.»i k..i,
HAKODATE— Arrived July 1.— ™f »>«*
Andrew Hicks hence Dec 19 (with 600 bbla
.penn oil). gTEAMERS .
NEW YORK-Arrlved July 25— Stmr Mlnne
tonka from London: stmr Helllgolav. from
Copenhagen: stmr Calabria, from Naples; stmr
Rotterdam, from n?"*™?"?- ,- ,,_, «¦.,„,.
Pi YMOITTH— Arrived July 2o— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhclm der Grosse. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 25— Br stmr In
draveiH from Oregon via Manila.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
25 — Bark Foohng Suey, from Kahu!ul. and or
dered to Philadelphia; ship William P Frye.
from Honolulu, and ordered to Philadelphia;
ship Kenllworth. from Hilo. and ordered to
Philadelphia-
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 2o — Stmr Argyll,
for Ran Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed July 24— Bark Louisiana,
for Port Townsend."
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN' PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 24— Stmrs
Chehalls and Coronado. for San Francisco;
bktn Wrestler, for Honolulu.
Sailed July 25 — Schrs Sehome and Roy Som
ers, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 25 — Schr G W Watson, from
San Pedro.
WESTPORT— Arrived July 25 — Stmr Green
wood hence July 24.
Arrived July 25 — Stmr Gualala. hnce July 24.
UNION LANDING — Sailed July 24 — Stmr
Navarro. for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 25— Ger bark
Henriette, from Port Blakeley; schr Ida
Schnauer. hence July 6.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 23 — Stmr Tacoma.
from Nome. July 23 — Schr Mildred, from. Port
Townsend.
Sailed July 23— Bktn Katie Fllckinger. for
Redondo. July 25 — Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway.
BANDON— Arrived July 25— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence July 22.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 25—
Stmr Shasta, from Astoria.
Sailed July 25 — Stmr Alcatrar. for San
Francisco
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 25— Stmr
Marshflelil. for San Diego.
SAN DIEGO — Palled July 23 — Stmr Coquille
Rivtr. for Pan Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 25 — Stmrs Coos
Bay. Santa Barbara and San Pedro, for San
Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 25— Stmr Corona
do, for San Pedro; stmr Chehalls, for San
Pedro: schr Sehome, for San Francisco.
MONSTER BATTLESHIP OHIO. THE LATEST AND ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL FIGHTING MACHINES BUILT FOR
THE UNITED STATES NAVY. WHICH WAS GIVEN A THOROUGH TRIAL ON THE BAY YESTERDAY BY HER BUILD
ERS AND FOUND TO BE IN SPLENDID CONDITION.
East Dynm.. — 270 IP F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 I SF&SJ Coal. — 25
: Do com .. — 50 |S J Wat Co. — 1C6
I FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
; Fischer Thtr 55c — JSwiss-A BU..11S —
I Frnch-A Bk. — 110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 L'R InC pfd. 4Si; —
Hono P Co.. 10 — Do com ... 9Vi —
Lont SF Bk — GO
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Nev Nat Bank, s 10 20100
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$7,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Illinois Crude Oil Company ex-dividend to
day, l'.ic per share.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma ...., i oo
Apollo .-, ..>; 46
Associated Trust Cert 19 ....
Aztec 65
) Caribou 3 R0 , 4 25
j Claremont "o -....
. Four 62 65
j Hanford 165 00 175 00
Home 140
Imperial IS 00
Independence 26 27
! Kern 4 75 5 00
! Kern River 1100
Monarch (of Arizona) 31 v --
Monte Crlsto fift . . .
Oi: City Petroleum 58 59
Peerless 13 37U
Pittsburg 04 '
Sovereign 40
j Sterling 2 65
Superior 08 ....
Thirty-three 8 25
Twenty-eight 9 OO
Wolverine 45
: Associated Bonds 77 .Vt
Illinois Crude • 61
Miscelancous —
Fischer' 8 Theater 65 70
Sanitary Reduction Works 1 25
8AT.ES.
Morning Session.
Board —
S00 Oil City Petroleum 59
Street—
100 Sovereign 41
Afternoon Session.
2O0 Monte Crlsto 67
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Bullion IS' 'J00 Overman 13
500 Caledonia .... 50| 500 Potosi ...". " 17
100 Chollar 16 200 Savage ... "ri
100 Con Cal & V.I 15| 400 Sierra Nev.... 25
100 Exchequer ... 40 ;i00 Silver Hill " 51
200 Justice 13! 300 Tnfnn Con " "t
100 Mexican RS| 100 Utah 10
400 Ophlr 2 601 "
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 18 100 Sierra Nev. «>i
200 Con Cal & V.I 10 20o Silver Hill.. ' 50
30i> Crown Point.. 10 300 St Louis 10
200 Overman 13 600 Union Con " «>l
100 Savage 26 100 Yellow Jacket" 1<1
200 Savage 23 '
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Con C & V.I 12>,4 100 Mexican . aa
200 Exchequer ... 41 200 Mexican . *" si
2<n» Oould & Cur. 1-1 40o Ophir "•» «u\
100 Justice 12| 200 Yellow Jacket" •»«
100 Mexican 881 "
Afternoon Session.
100 Mexican 861 100 Union Con. "4
300 Potosi 171 "•*'•**
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran- '
clsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: :
Morning Session.
500 Esperanza ... 0314500 Red Top 11
50u Goldfleld Ton. 11 4200 Rescue .. * ' 10
10O MacNamara . 4711200 Ton .Midway.! 50
Afternoon Session. *
1000 Brunswick .. 1212800 Gold^ Mt Con la
100O MacNamara . 48|200o Gold Mt Con" 17
1000 Red Top 15| lOu Ton Midway.! 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
July 25—4 p. m
Bld.Aek.l Rid A«t
Alpha 08 09) Justice l" 14
Alta 05 07|Kentuck 01 02
Andes 1» 20! K. Graessler.. — 1 "o
Belcher 15 16|Lady Waah .. — <v$
Best & Belch. 70 751 Mexican 85 s«
Bullion 18 l»t Occidental ... 8" xrt
Caledonia.... 47 49 1 Ophlr '2 40 •» 50
Challenge ... 17 19 Overman 12 " 14
Chollar 15 16 Potosi 16 17
Confidence ... 70 75 Savage ">i «r
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 15 Scorpion ..OS ?'l
Con Imperial. — 01 Se K Belcher.N 07 08
Con NY 02 03 Sierra Nev.. 23 «^
Crown Point.. 10 11 Silver Hill 50 R1
East Slerr N 03 06 St. Louis .... 00 10
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate .... — .' n"!
Exchequer ... 40 41 Union Con.... "4 •>-,
Gould & Cur. 12 14 Utah jo Jj '
Hale & Norc. 65 72 Yellow Jacket. 19 "o
Julia 05 071
-, TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. B)d a_ v
Colehan — 05! Red Top .... 4 «
Columbia — 2R| Rescue 10 11
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ton Belmont.. 73 __
Gold Anchor.. — 27 Ton i- Cal.... 15
Goldfleld B&B 14 15 Ton Cash Boy. r>
Goldfleld M. . . — 1 00 Ton Exten . ! ; t>o fio
Goldfleld Ton. 10 — Ton Fraction. \25 —
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton & Gt W. 05
Little Ton .. — 65 Ton Gold Mt. 17 i«
Lucky Tom.. 03 r,5 Ton Midway.. 40 bo
-MacNamara . 47 48 Ton of Nev. 8 12'4 8 '"5
Mlzpah Exten 12 — Ton N Star., ao —
Mont Ton ...2 40 2 45 Ton & S Lake. 50 —
N Y Ton ... 03 04 Ton Superior. 06
Paymaster . . 04 05 Ton Union . . 10
Pine Grove... 60 — United Ton .. m
Ray Exten .. — 08 Utopia 01 -_
Ray A O'Brien 10 11 West End ..." "7
Ray Ton .... 06 — | "
INSOLVENT FARMER.— C. E. Byrns a
farmer of Yolo County, filed a petition In In
solvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $ti374 and has $18 as-
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Latest, Fighting Machine Completed at the Union Iron Work>
Behaves Herself Splendidly and Gives Promise of Bringing
' More Glory to the Reputation of the California Shipyard
The China's passengers Included the follow
ir.s: H. Arnold. B. F. Balt>ara. Dr. A. C.
Bernays, Miss T. M. Bernays. B. CJ. Bleas
daJe. Lieutenant Victor Blue, U. S. N.; Mra.
Victor Blue ajid child. W. D. Boone, Rev. H.
Brokaw, Mrs. H. Brokaw. Miss E. Brokaw,
Miss F. Brokaw, Miss K. Brokaw, Rev. W. B.
Burke. Master E. Burke, Master G. Burke,
Master J. - Burke, Master W. Burke, E. Carl
son, Miss L. W. Chase. Rev. C. A. Clarke. J.
W. Cllne. Mrs. J. W. Cllne ar.d child. A.
Conde. Rear Admiral P. H. Cooper. U. S. N. :
Paul Cowlen, Miss Dezewgremel, H. W. Efl'l
cott, Mrs. H. W. Ellicott. J. C. Epperly. Wil
lett Foster. Charles Gellion, W. H. Goodwin.
G. A. Goss, G. D. Gregory, Mrs. G. D. Greg
ory, M. A. Hamburger, B. F. Hammersly. Dr.
S. Kara. W. Hernan. H. V. Hewson, W. S.
Howard. Mrs. A. Hudson, Chun Hun, T. Kl
mura. B. Komatsu, I*. H. Lawson, E. A. Mi
gle, E. Marroni. K. Matsuketa. Miss M. Kam
ahara, Z. Okato, R. H. Baker. VIrko Hausen.
J E. Mallory. Dr. F. E. McCullough. U. S.
N. : Mrs. V. Miller. Choi Mon. Miss Low Ah
Mon, M. Morimoto, S. Nalkl, S. Otsuka. Ma
jor C. M. Perkins. U. S. M. C. : R. Reyes, Y.
Sato,, J. Relies, Dr. E. A. Stur^e. Mrs. E. A.
Sturre, W. D. Stubbs. Miss C. Stubbs. Keijl
Suzuki and. ' servant, K. Sudzukl. Lin Chun
Tong and servant, Fong Wah and child,
Chonir Yock Win?. Rev. T. C. Wlnn. Mrs. T.
C. Winn. Master M. C. Wlnn, Miss M. C.
Wlnn, Ent=isn H. I>. Wyman, TJ. S. N.
From Honolulu — Miss Florence R. Yarrow.
E. C. Fharp and wife. Miss R Bradley; Miss
L. Bradley. Mrs. Freeth. Miss Freeth. Mrs.
Muriel Campbell. Robert Hind. Gilbert H.
Batchel. 15 J. Marx. Robert Lewer*. A. Enos.
wife and infant. Miss Mary L. Perry. W. A.
Purdy. Mrs. W. Larsen. Miss Hop
per, Mrs. J. Vasconcelles, R. G. Hender
son. T. E. Robinson. Werner Krouss, Mrs.
Alfred H. Turner. W. W. Ashley. Mrs. E. M.
Beckwith. T. J. Hlilmo. T. Kawamura. C. G.
Cotik, J. Schwartz. Dr. J. R. Farla and wife.
Mrs. Florence Kelly and son. Captain George
Bucklin and valet, G. H. C. Bradford.
Shortly after the China reached quarantine
a Japanese woman In the steerage gave birth
to a girl baby. The mother and the new ar
rival received every attention and both of
them are getting along well.
The China's passengers included a Iarg«
number of missionaries. One of these. Rev.
W. B. Burke, who Is accompanied by four
ctildren, is returning home under peculiarly
sad circumstances. He started home with his
wife and family on the Korea. At Yokohama
Mrs. Burke was stricken with typhoid fever
and had to be taken ashore, where she after
ward died. The women among the passenger*
did all they could to help the bereaved mis
sionary with his little children.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner China ar
rived yesterday from the Orient with a large
number of passengers, 2300 tons of cargo and
Japanese gold valued at $150,000. The China's
cargo included raw silk worth nearly $5oo.lKX>
and a large shipment of tea. The silk will be
discharted to-day, but it will be a week be
fore any other cargo is touched, as there 5s no
room for another pound of freight on the al
ready overcrowded wharf. Almost every foot
of the dock Is piled roof high with mer
chandise/ and It was with the greatest diffi
culty yesterday that a tpace was cleared wide
enough to afford a resting place tor the
China's gangway. All baggage was searched
In the corral at the head of the dock and to
get there the China's passengers had to clam
ber over, lilies cf bales and boxes, over the
beds of stalled trucks and at some stages of
the periloue journey were confronted with the
alternative o( waitlnt for an uncertain timo
or crawling almost under the truck horses.
Liner China Arrives.
j The battleship Ohio, which was
launched at the Union Iron Works dur
ing the visit here of the late President
McKinley and which on Thursday
| leaves for the Santa Barbara channel
to have her official trial trip, took her
first run yesterday in the harbor. It
was merely the builder satisfying him
; self that the great fighting machine
i was in readiness for the exacting tests
to which Uncle Sam's naval representa
tives will. p U t the Ohio's every part.
The vessel behaved admirably and
! gave promise of exceeding by a sub
stantial oercentage the standard by
I which she will be judged.
J Captain George Harvey 'piloted the
; steel monster. After describing sundry
i circles and curves in Mission Bay the
i Ohio was headed for Red Rock, and
j during the afternoon was driven at all
i speeds over the measured mile. / x
| The new "battleship handles herself
•splendidly. -Several times while going
j at full sr>eed her helm was put hard
I over and the massive hull swept around
I like a huge top, making the turn in
| what seemed to be little more than her
own length. ;
1 In suite of her size and notwithstand
ing the speed at which her engines ,
/drive her, the Ohio makes wonderfully
small commotion in the water. She has
a bow like a pruning hook, and when
going at full speed shrows up a smaller
j "bone" than does the cruiser Tacoma.
Yesterday's trial demonstrated that
. the Ohio's builders had done their work
I faithfully. Engines and steering gear
worked to perfection, and the officials
of the Union Iron Works are satisfied
that the Ohio's official trial will result
j in one more' triumph for Pacific Coast
' shipbuilding.
BUILDERS OF UNCLE SAM'S NEW BATTLESHIP OHIO
GIVE VESSEL A PRELIMINARY SPIN IN THE HARBOR
RKAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
t .. . MONDAY. JULY 25. •
John A. Whelan Company to Frank I. Frel
tas. lot on N line of Vallejo street. 125 W of
flrt • Broderlck. W 2S:lii by N 127:8«ii
Ernest Dittes to Michael Dltten int ~« o
SftOTswa — » ™ofV^ rd ? I
ty-slxth. N 20 by W 100: Jio "'
Dar.iel and Mary McHugh to Catherine C
deed^ft 1 " WOOd tO FatnC - 8ame ' «»"elalm
Grae- McBmven to Robert Al«n*r>. lot on W
lino of Harrison street. US p of Twentv-nlvtJ.
S «* V»Tley. S 25:0 by E 100- $10
William J. Guna to Henry A. Arnold, lot on •
Matthew Nunan (owner) with Victor Hoff
man (contractor), architect Charles J. T. Pev
lin — All ¦ work for a one-story brick building
en SE line of City Hall avenue. 2C0 NE of
City Hull «ouare. NE 50 by SE 75: $39!».
E. F. Mohrhardt (owner) with Theodore
Lutge (contractor), architects Haynes & Can
tin — All wcrk for a two-story frame building,
basement and attic on X line of Green street,
80 W of Fillmcrc. N 137:6 by W 30; $S300.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society (owners)
with Raymond Granite Company (contractors),
architect Albert Pissls — Granite work, clean
ing and sand blasting for alterations and addi
tions to bank building rrn NW corner of Mc-
Allister and Jones streets. N 137:6 by W 137:6;
?71.000.
Same dwner with S-hanz & Grundy {con
tractors), architect ssme — Sewerinp. plumbing
and gas fitting for same en same: $2770.
Joseph Rich Company (owners) with F. L.
Har.sen (contractor), nrthltect M. J. Lyon-r
All work for f\x three-story and basement
frame buildings and thr^e two-story frame
bul'dingi- (twenty-four fli:ts) on NW corner
of Oak pti-1 Franklin Ftrc<>ts, W 137:6 by N
120; $00. CCO
Mary V Cheswcrth downer) with Edward
Wilbersr (contractor), architect E. W. Hyde-
All work for 'a two-story and basement frame
building on S Un«» of «lreen street. 110 W of
Steir.er. W 27:6 by R 137:6: $5400.
E. C. Burr (owner) with Mallory & Swenson
(contractors) architect J. E. Krafft— All work
except sewering, plumhing and gas fitting for
three two-«torv frame buildings on NW corner
I'nion and Franklin streets, N S3 by W
io5:o»i; f2rt.O4s.
Builders' Controets.
Charles W. and Kathertne W. Slack to T.
C. Cnnsan. lot on SW line of El«hth avenue.
225 FE of B street. SE 150 bV SW 10rt, lots 4
and r.. block 154. South San Francisco Home
stead; S10.
B. Henry Burger* or Burses to F. W. "Bur
gers, lot on N'W line of Bryant street. 114 S
of Twenty-sixth. P K.I. NW 147. E 10:8»$. lot
32. Preclta Valley; $10.
Mary Cronln to Daniel Cronin. lot on NW
line of Paris street. 100 NE of Russia. NE 25
by NW 100. block • 11. Excelsior Home
stead; * . _
Orville D. and Millie K. Baldwin to William
H. P. Martin, lot on W line of Twenty-second
avenue, 225 N of A street. N Ml by W 12<l: S10.
William H. P. and Ella Martin to Mattie
McPike. lot on W line of Twenty-second ave
nue, 225 N of A street. N 25 by W 120; 1 10.
Robert J. Tobln to Theresa Byrne, lot on E
line of Twenty-third avenue. 100 N of C
street. X 50 hy E 120: also lot on E line Of
Twentieth avenue. 275 S of B street. S 25 by
E 120: ?10.
Mary Smith to G. Arthur Smith, undivided
one-half of lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue, 123 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by W
130; 110.
Same to Licon D. Stone, lot on K line of
Sixth avenue. 596 N of Lake street, N 35 by
E 120; $10.
Charles B. and M. E. Humbert to Joseph
and Annie Weber, lot en E line of Eleventh
avenue. 175 N of Clement street, N 23 by E
120: £10. *r
William A. and Grace G. Lange to D. I... Cup
pies, !ot on R line of Sixth avenue. 534 N of
Lake street, N 52 by E 100: $10.
N line of Twenty-eighth street. 285 W ot
Guerrero, W 50 by N 114: fl.
Susan A. Welch to same. same, quitclaim
deed; $11.
Endemlo and Rosa Menesini to Gustav Har
eball. lot on KW corner of Broadway and Du
pont street. W 47:7. N 4S:6. E 42:f>. SB S:O*b.
S 42:3Vi: Jlo.
Klizabeth and -August Kruger to Margaret
Driscoll, lot on W line of Redfleld alley. 64 S
of Klltwrt street and 137:0 W of Taylor, S
73 :C by W 27:6. reserving portion ot lot for
alley: $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, ' JULY 26, 1904.
14
Ed Youngren of Victoria, B. C. who arrived
yesterday on the steamship City ot Puebla,
was denied a landlnu by the immigration au
thorities on the cround that he was Buffering
from tuberculosis. Durlns the trip Youngren
Is said to have tried to JumD overboard, but
was restrained by a bluejacket from Bremer
ton Navy Yard, who was a fellow passenger.
STORAGE AJSTD WAREHOUSES.
A-C1LBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping watehouse. G. G. and Van
N«.ss; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 753
. . A— EMPORIUM Etcrage & Van Co.: furniture,
household roods ftored. moved, ehlpped. 725-
73] Howard «t.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
CAFITA1. Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy *t.:
Thcn* Mint 2911; JOHN F. COOPER, pree. .
'urr.itu'-e moved, packed, shipped and stored.
riKRCK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
trf :'o«t tr.d Powell st«. ; tel. Pri. El 671.
CON'KLIN'S Stir*ge— Furniture and merchan-
d!f e. 'ZZ2 Got Jen Gate «ve. : phone East 128
GOLUTTN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission «l.: tel Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss-.
PACIFIC! Stomge ar.d Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 33T0 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2SL
liKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
*t.. tel Main 1M<> Phtpptng at cut ra'.'i.
SPECIAI. NOTICES. i
L«C!ei: Cfclchester's Er.glirh Pennyroyal Pills
sre best: ts<>. reliable: take no other. Send 4e
ftstnps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichft-tPr Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
3TABI.ES TO LET.
ETA BUS room for backir.fr. 36 Brady st..
f>.T Market, het. 12th and l*th.
TYPEWBTTEBS AND SUPPLIES.
AN excepti- DA07 good No. 2 Ttemlngton. No. 1
Smi'-h Premier. J25: otfcer typewriters at
an<1 lower prices: rentals $2 50. Tba
TyrvwUer nxchar.ee. 53« CaJlfornla. «t.
nVUJINO tjie»nt«rrs sold, rented, repaired.
Wfb?t<»r TvppwHtfng Inspec Co.. SOS Market.
VIA VI.
iltiHEKS' »n<S dRURhters' home treatment;
*»'%<-,kW mailed free: correspondence Invited.
n% -J.104 Van N'n F «v«
STOTTERIgO AVD STAMMERrKO^
AT Melbourne Institute. Van Ness A Market.
t«> taught celebrated Melbourne system: only
Melbourne in U S. : private: established 3
y^ars in 5. F. Tel Mint 2626 frcm 1 to 5 pa.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The fc'.lowirg marriage licenses were Issued
}«*crJsy :
Arthur Brcssnn 24. fart Ra'ael, ani Virginia
tlobin. IS. 1 Graham place.
Ott'TSwav.s-n. 24, Oakland, and Anna Carl-
fon 27. Oakland.
EJward E. 29 ladutoavllle. Cal.,
en.i Mariette Uourreoic. 22 1623 Golden Gate
avenu». .
Lu:gi Guintir.i. 2^. 222 Pacific «tr.-et. an<l
Qoriada Camoizi, 26 222 Pacific street.
Frcirrick Ba!agna." 21. D12A Pacific street.
and Augurtine F. Smith. 19. 912A Pacific st.
Juan U. Blanco. 43. city, and Maria Rar-
thflfiry. 2.". dty.
John W. Hardie. 2Ti. ST" Sanchez street, and
Jo«n> Kolvrtson. 23." 373 f?an<~hez stre't.
Itua-h P. Mullln. 30 Eili* street, and
II- :i<>l'j]u J. Johr.son. X5> n."l" Tw<-n*.y-first f=t.
Tony N. Wamrr. 24. city, and Eulalia Noz-
z">. 21. city.
John F. Tedtsrn. 21. 1*4 Rincon place, and
Mary C G. Kelly. I s 221 Thirteenth street.
William A. Pur^y. ~37. Honolulu, and Anita
Ciiristal. 8t. Franris.
Andrew F P.utterl^y. 2<5 1209 Fo'*otn street,
aai N»-i!ie J. I^han. .15. S02 Van Ness avenue.
AiitruM Dalin. 34 Ross Valley, and Bertha
M Saiidrlin. .".5. 222" Clay street.
Eiward Ulmm^l. 51, *'M&\± Stevenson street.
End Helens Krusi^k. .".9 citj".
* hlhTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHi
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not b? inserted. Th?y must be handed
in nt either cf the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
t-ur.s authorized to have the same published, j
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
ot the evert are published once in this column
fr-f cf charge.
BORN.
I'ANZKjETt— July 22. 1%4 to the wife of Dan
Lunzigcr. a sen.
FLEMING— In Oakland. July 25 1904, to the
wife of M. J. Fleming, a son.'
JACKSON— In thi* city. July 24 1304. to the
wife of Chai-.es Francis Jackson, a daughter
MAKTINCICH— In thus city. July 22. li«M to
the wife cf Frank Martincich a son.
ECHROKDER— In this city. July 22. 1904. to
thf wifp of Claus Sohroerjer. a'snn.
MARRIED.
Br.NGKR — GL'NCO — In this city. July 18. 1904
by the R«-v J. Fuendeling. Frederick C.
Uungfr and Leonie C. <Junco.
LKANDO— BEXNING— In this city July 20.
19C4, by th? Rev. J. Fuendeling. Robert
Ltando and Emn-.a Benning.
L1N1>— ERICKSON— In this i-ity July 23 1904
by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor of the
First English Lutheran Church. Peter Alex-
ander Lind and Amy G. Erickson. both of
this city.
1ALM-A.-CHMANX- la this city July "4
1904. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander pastor of
the Fir*t English Lutheran Church. Rudolph
H. Palm and Wilhelmlna H. Aschmann, both
of this city.
KAPOVAC— BERAN— fa this city July 24
15M-4. by the Rev. T. N. Pashkovsky. Stev«
Rapo\ac and Minnie H. Beran. both of San
t ranois-co.
DIED.
Ackrrman. Capt. C. McCarty Margaret
Beall. r.f»fon H. Martin Edith A.
Brouqutt. Jtan Muilin James
Carroli. Robert Nrumann. Frederick
Danrigr-r. Daniel Noonan. Mary
Duffy. Hanna Quinn. John F.
Duraind. Edward M. Santos Angrlita
Cale. Georgr L Sch»-ibrl Mary V
• iaspar. Frank C. Sldey. James W
Harrlss. Charles S. Spf-ok William J
Hooper. William stoll Louis
taoea. Mtf. Ha J. Tointon. Mary J.
Jennings. CharW A. Von Glahn. John
Kilduff. Mary E. Wagner William
Lcpr-z. Patra Wallace Mrs Mary
Lowmthal. Phoebe Weil. Bertha
Lyons. Cornelius
ACKERMAN— In this city. July 25 1904
« apjain Char'.es Ackerman. husband of Agnps
Ackerman. a native of Germany, ag<>d 38
ye.rs « months and 22 days. A member of
California Harbor No. 15.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullj Invited to attend the fune-ral services
tomorrow- <Wednr-yday> at 9 o'clock at the
potion of h. P i-rtersr-n. 228 McAllister
street. Iriterment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by elr-rtric funrlal car from Eighteenth and
<iuprrero Ftrr-»-ts.
p.. dearlj beloved husband of Mary J
Beall ani father cf Thomas B William F
'Jrover H.. Clarence R. and Ge-orge a'
I'-eall, a native of Cumberland Md aged
".« 'T" 1^' A membcr ot General Geonre G
Meadc Pwt No. 4S. G. A. K.. and San Fran"
cieco letter Carriers' Mutual Aid Asso-
cjatfon.
CTFnenU -jr5 acquaintances aiv respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Tue-*nay> at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 343 Liberty street, above Church.
Interment National Cemetery, Presidio
Members of General George G. Meade Post
, „ • ' are rt< l«<ste<J to attend the
funeral of our late c-omrade. Reason B
Benll. frcm his late residence. 349 Libertr
street, above Church. Tuesday July *»u «t
2 o'clock. ' ' " l
W. F. TOOTHACKER Commandpr
W. T. HOWE Adjutant." *~° mm * aacT -
BROUQi:ET-In this city. July 24. 19C4. Jean
Prouquet. dearly belove-d father of Mrs A
Castcx and Marie Brouquet. a native' of
Ba*ses. Pyrenees. France, aged 68 years II
rr.onthn and 29 days. 7^:... ***** xa
CTFriends and acquaintances are re KD «ct
fully in%1ted to attend the funeral t'o-moVrow
«\\edne«da>>. at 1 o'clock, from thepa^
of E. Cartagnetto & Co., 643-645 Val>£
Mreet thence to French Church, where serv-
ices will be held. Interment Holy Cr«y»«
Coraettry. - «»¦
CARROLL-Tn this city. July 24. moi Robert
Carroll, beloved father of Mrs. P j Busch
and Margaret Carroll, a natlv. of Ireland
*^n No S '*8760 A ItlCmbf ' r of Stablemen'.
CTFriends *.id acquaintance* are respect- !
t j£&£H!22L lo att<>T " 1 th " *«neral to-morrow
<Wedne S iay>. at 9:.-{0 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Ft. Mary's Cathedral, whore sen-
W* will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
H->lv Cross Cemetery.
DANZIGHR— In larkspur. Danlrl. beloved In.
fur.t son of Dan and Katherine Danzlger
Dl.'FFY— In Oakland. Julv 25. 1904 Han'n*
puffy, beloved wife cf th* late Thomas M !
Duffy, beloved mother of Mrs Lizzie m' '
Myers. Mis* Kate and J. E Duffy eran*' '
mother of Elvira Lillian Myers <neV Duffy)" '
»n.l Bister of Mrs. Mary Ackerman of Sac- '
raxnento. Cal.. and the late Mrs it Wallace !
• native of County Clare. Ireland'
CTToneral Wednesday. July 27 1904 at I
2 o'clock, from her late residence. 626 Mag- I '
nolia street. Interment private. I .
DURAIND— In Alma. Colo.. Edward M Du- ¦
reind. brloved son of Mrs. Louisa Duraind :
«nd beloved brother of May. George. Julie' '
Honor* «nd the late Marv Dura In J. ' . •
CyFunersl will take place to-day TTues- •
day), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence of '
hie mother, thence to St. Dominic's Church. «
uhere a requiem mass - will be celebrated -
for the repose of his sou! at 10 o'clock. In-
terment private.
GALE; — In Alameda, July 24. 1904. George L. I
beloved husband of Sarah C. Gale, and father
F. J. Monahan. Manager. ' Tel. Mission 3L 1
MONAHAN. O'HAR A. & 00. i
rUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, i
S3u3-23J1 UiKFion st.. near Nineteenth. 1
£au Francisco. J
of George C, Mollie M.. E. Gerdiner. Edith
and Francis Gale, a native of Devonshire.
England, aged Cl years and 7 months.
GASPAR— In Newman. July 21. 1904. Frank
C. dearly beloved son of Joseph C. and
Maria G&spar and devoted brother of Jo-
seph Gaspar. a native of Portugal, aged 23
j-*>ars.
C7"Frien<Is and acquaintances are respect-
fully fnvited to attend th» funeral Tuesday.
July 2ti, I9O4, at 9 o'clock, from the* mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to Yglesia de Nuestra
Srnora de GuaJalupe, Broadway, near Ma-
son street, where a maes will be held, for
the repose cf his soul, commencing at 9:20
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARRISS— In Banta Clara. July 23. 1904.
Charles S. Harrlss. brother of John D. and
Dr. Mary A. Harries, a native of San Fran-
cisco, agf-d 37 years 7 menths and 5 day3.
E^Fner I? am acquaintances are respect-
fully it"iltcd to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) at 'J:",0 o'clock, from the chapel
of Clark & Booth. 012-614 Van Ness avenue,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for
cervices, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HOOPER— In the City and County Hospital.
July 25. 1904. William Hooper, a native of
England, aged 72 years.
INNES— In Atlanta. Idaho July 2^. 1!WVt. Mrs.
Ida Jarboe Innes. wife of Frederick C Innes,
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Robin-
son of San Francisco, aged 2S years 8 months
and 19 days.
JENNINGS— In this city July 25, l»04, Charles
Augustus, dearly beloved ton of William
and Thereea Jennings, and brother of Wil-
liam Francis Jennings, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years and 5 months.
k~^ Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 042 Fulton street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose, of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cro«s Cemetery by electric ;
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
KILDLFF— In this city. July 25, 1904. Mary '
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Frank H. Kil- j
duff, mother of Frank. Agn?s. Veronica.
Raymord. Mary and Lucy KildufT. daughter
of Joanna and the lat? George S. Petty and
sister of George J. John M. and William G.
Petty, Mrs. George Hamilton and the late
Alexander P^tty. a native of Pttaluma, So-
noma County. Cal.
IE7"The funeral "will take place Wednes-
day. July 27. from h»>r late residence. 2915
I-agnra street, at 9:30 o'clock, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church, where a solemn rcq-jietn
high mars will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 10 o'clock. Fr>nds and
acquaintances are kindly Invited to attend.
Interment private. Ho'.y Cro5« Cemetery.
LOPEZ — In this city. July 2.'.. 1904. Patra
Leper, a native of Mexico, aged 71 years.
LOWENTHAI. — In HeUiKcnde.mm. Germany
July 24. 1904. Phoebe Lonenthal of this city.
b:!oved wife of M. B. I<owenthal. dearly h»- j
lmcd mother of William B. and Robert B.
Hochnadier. and sister of Mrs. Simon Gla-
zier of New York. Mrs. Amelia Marcuse, Mrs.
Krsa Marcuse, Mrs. Ida Conn and Mrs. Car-
rie Lowry of Kansas City. Mo. :
LTONS — A month's mind requiem high mass /
will be celebrated W«<inesday July 27, at
8 o'clock, at St. Brendan's Church for the
repo«e of the soul of the late Cornelius
Lyons.
McCARTT— In this city July 25. 1904. Mar-
garet. beloved wife of' James McCarty. and
dfarly beloved mother of Jamrji, William.
John. Marparet and Georjrr McCarty and I
Mrs. John Donahue, a native of County
Lnnsrford. Ireland, aged Cl years
ItyNotice of funeral hereafter.'
MARTIN— In Tomale*. July 23. 1904. Edith
A.. -laughter of Henry and Ellen Martin,
sister of Nellie Martin, and granddaughter
of the late William and Ann E. Short a na-
tive of Calinoga, ai?ed 19 years 1 month and
1 days.
IT3^Frien-H cvd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral rervlcmi
to-day (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock. at the
chapel of Cra;?. «*ochrar. & Co. 429 Golden !
<*ate avonu». between Polk and Larkln i
street?. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery •
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
W U r 'Jr IX ~~ In this citv - Julv 25 l9(M James
Muilin. a native of Irelani aged 34 'years
C7Rema)ns at the parlors of JIcFadden.
McBrearty and Green 1171 Mission *tieet
between Seventh and Eighth.
NEI'MANN— In this city. July 23 1904 Fred-
erlck Neumann, a native of New York aged
42 years 6 months and 23 day*.
Cir Remains at parlors of "the Pacific Un-
dertakers. 777 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
NOONAN— In this city. Ju!r 25 1904 Marv
he,cvod wife of Jeremiah Noonan. dearly be-
loxed mother of John. Catherine and Marian
Noonan. and sister of Mrs. R. Cuff and Tim-
oth> Duane. a native of Ireland, aged 53
Jea J2_ <^aPa. Cal.. papers please copy.)
It^ I rien..s am acquaintances are respect-
fw^ inV i ted , tO * ttrn ' 1 the '"""-al to-morrow
£Sd^£& k 9 s^Nh^ £&&5 '
Heart Church, where a requiem mass will be i
celebrated for the repose of her soul com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Infrment ' Holy
Cross Cemetery.
QUINN— In this cltv. July 24. 1904. John F i
Quinn brother of Matilda Quinn and the late !
n"l J ? hn , Mcl \ adfle n. * native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aped 66 years
r-- maln * at th <" funeral parlors of Mc-
Gmn Bros . 224-226 McAllister street
SANTOS— In this city. July 23 1904 \ngelita
daughter of Mrs Concepclon Servanty and |
tlie late Cicllllo Ramirez, and sister of Mrs
Toma^a and Jennie Servanty a native
of Palo Alto. Cal.. aged 50 years
, Err^y*? P '*" ac< ? u a'itanees are resnect-
5,1? i« Vit^ , : ° Wtf Uie funeral Tuesday.
i' y -\J!J. 1 tJ ocIock from hpr I*'* resi-
dence .{20S Broadway, near Montgomery
greet/ thence to Washington-square HaU
£07 Lnlon street, where services will be !
hfld under tne auspices of Maz*.!nl Cl-cle
SV& C >° F ot A " °" F -= »lso member
of Golden Gat* Circle No. 11 U. A O D
Interment Italian Cemetery.
SCHEIBEL-Julv 22 19«4. at the residence of
h*r parents. Bennett Valley. Sonoma County
< 1 al Mary Ursula Srheibel. dearly beloved
daughter of Theobald and Mary Schelbel
«nd loving sifter of Camille. 'Ferdinand!
Lucy am: Julian Schejbel. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 27 years
SI Yv- ET ~~ In Alamcda. July 24 1904. James
VVinsor. only son of James A. snd Robena
rt e> ift* 1VC ° f Alam?da - «B«1 " months
SPECX-In this city. July 23 1004. William
James Speck, a native of South Africa aged
t, years 2 months and 2S days '
, !P" F f" lc , n '* ;1|li a «l u a>ntances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at th-»
chapel O f Charles H. J. Truman & Co . 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth Interment New Masonic Cemetery.
San Mateo County.
STOLL— In this city. July 23. 1904. Louis Stoll
a native of Illinois, aged 38 years
TOINTON— In this city. July 25 1904 Marv
Jane, widow of the late W. H. Tointon and
mother of Mrs. Mor«n H. Lloyd and Charl",
man7a n "age n d £> ££? °' Launc « t °". Tas-
VON GLAHN-In this city. July 25. 1904. John
von Glahn. a native of Germany, aged 7<3
years 1 1 month* and 5 day*.
w C £ R « maln8 /» at th " fun< " ra ' Parlors of the
H. F. Maa-s Company. 017 Mission street
W £7^ R 7 In K° a £ Ial ?V u ' y 25 ' 1!MU - William
beloved husband o' Elizabeth Warner ami
father of Charle, r. and William's Wag?
ner. Mrs. George F. W. Stark and Mrs
Henry Hufschmidt. a native of Germany!
aged <3 years 10 months and 14 days
, £ TI T ri 7 ld 2 and aCf I u *intances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock at hi.
late residence K«) Camobell street. Oakland
Interment at Cypress Lawn Cemetery Saii
Mateo County, by electric funeral car' from
ferry building. San Francisco, at 12:40 p m.
WALLACE— In this city. July 25 1904 iirs
£. S- WalIac *- Gloved mother of Wllliani
E. Wallace a native of Carrigtohlll County
P^'e 1^.)' a * e<1 5? >eani - (B ° StOn Pape "
CT-Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
f.mv invited to attend the funeral to-moVrow
(Wednesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. fiT,2 Natoma street, thence to St
Joceph h Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will b» celebrated for the renose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock In-
flo^ers 1 ' 11017 Cr °" Cemetcr y- Please omit
WEIL— to Denver. Bertha Well, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Bernhard Weil of Modesto
snd rister of Mabel. Charles,, Jack and Julius
CARD OF THANKS.
t*S? y2 ith ., f tn , i han . k " ur niar "' 'Hends for
their beautiful floral offerings, eympathy and
klndnes, «n our late bereavement, the foss
of our dearly beloved son
MR. AND MRS. C. E. RITTEnNorthern Business.
The week opened with excessive receipts of
Butter - again, and the . . market ; was quoted
weak, but about the . same as on . Saturday.
Stocks on the floors were large and sellers were
pressing the market 11 a rule. There, was no
change la ths Cheese situation. Arrivals of
Eggs were liberal, and they were also weak,
with the lower grades of ranch selline - off to
the quotations below. Most of the business
In fine ranch was at 25®26c, and sales at 27c
were neither numerous nor large. . .
.Receipts were 123.700 lbs Batter. 1353 cases
Esgs and 8100 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5Hc; San Quentla. $3 40-
Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine. 7 He: Fruit
Bags, 6*4©7fcc for white aad 7c for browa
lute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8:- Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 00; Beaver
Hill. $5 00: Standard. $7; Roslya. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
57 60; Cumberland. $13 m balk and $14 25 la
tacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Eg*. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50: Cannel. $3 SO per ton; Coke. $11 50O13
per ton la balk aad $18 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lb* aad
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
General Merchandise.
¦ LIVERPOOL. - ¦'. :r .'¦ '
Wheat— 'July. Sept. Dec
Opening ...... ' ...... 6 6»4 6 6% g $){
Ooslng 6«S 6 8% « 8%
PARIS. *
Wheat— July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ........: 21 65 22 30
Closing ......... 21 70 22 40
Flour 1 —
Opening 29 15 29 50
Closing 29 10 2955
Foreign Futures.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Aslcl -Bid. Ask.
Bar CPC «s. — W SF £ NP 5a. — 100«4
B L Wat 6«. — 117 ISPCRit- 100
Cal NW 5«.. — 113% S P Co 4H*.10O —
M C Wat 5s.lOO — Sua T«l 3*. .. — 104 -
Ris I Wks3s — IC5 Sntter-st Ros.103 113
SP Drydk 5« — 113^4 CB of SF U 83% 83?4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 25% — Mat Nav Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co SO Narr Nat Bk. — 205
Cal Cot Mils 8O — N9RRC».»U —
Cal G&ECor. 47 — N Cal P Co. — \O%
C Jockey CL — 125 Oak Bk Sav.l2O — .
Cal Powder. — 143 r Con.. T5 — .
Cal Ship Co. — 23 IOOP HaH A « —
Cal T I & T.115 — Orpheum Co. — 18
Cen Bk Oak — 65 PacC Cas Cal30 —
Chutes Co.. 6% T Pac S T.J...101 M8
¦City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co.lOS — j
Cyp L Imp.. T — • Paraf Paint.. 3S — i}
Unlisted Seatrities.
Miscell aneous . Markets.
POULTRY — Live Torkt". 14915c per Ib;
Geese. . per pair. $1 25©1 CO: Goslings, $1 250
1 50- Ducks, $4@4 50 per dozen for old and
$4©3 for young; Hens. $3U3 50.ibr large and
$4 S0G5 for small; young Roosters, $6 5037 50;
old Roosters. $4§4 50; Fryers. $4&5; Broilers.
$2 5063 50 for large and $2@2 50 for small:
Pigeons, $1 50per dozen for old and $1 25®1 50
for Squabs. . .
GAME— Wild Doves. 5O@60c per dozen; Hare
$1 25©l 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $ I 7a
©2 per dozen. _ -
A car of Western Poultry was received and
was distributed »mong retailers by the receiv
ers. The wholesale market was practically
bare and prices were largely nominal. Should
subsequent receipts be light, prices are likely
to advance. Wild . Doves were quoted lower,
as the receipts showed the effects of the warm
weather In the Interior. Hare and Rabbits
were unchanged. ¦
Poultry and Game.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The -market Is
firmly held, with common quoted at-4@it&c;
EGGS— Irregular: recetpts. 13,500; Western
extra selected, 201T20Hc; do firsts, 19S19&C'
Southerns. 16@18c; do Inferiors, 14£15c.
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7%c. Futures closed steady at a net advance
of 15 points; total eales were 60,000 bags, in
cluding September at 6. 03® 6. 10c; December.
6.35#6.45c; January, 6.4S®U. 50c; March, 6.55
(gC.Ciic. •'-'¦¦¦
BUTTER— Steady; receipts, 9367: street
price. extra creamery, 17%@179ic: official
prices, creamery, common to extra, 13@17i4c-
State dairy, common to extra, 12@17c. '
. CHEESE — Steady; receipts, 1200 lbs. >
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
WHEAT — No receipts or exports; spot.
weak; No. 2 red, nominal elevator; No. 2 red
81, nominal f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 07% f. d. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. o, b. afloat. Options
were strong on lower consols, higher Budapest
cables being chiefly responsible. < The close
was up about lV&c. July closed at $1 02*
September. am©02«4c closed at 92Uc- De
cember. 90*4©91Hc. closed at 91%c. j
HOPS — Firm; State, common to choice. 1903
25033c; 1902. 20@22c; olds, 7313c; Pacific
Coast. 1903, 23628c: 1602. 20@22c.
HIDES — Steady: Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds,
17c; California. . 21 to 25 pounds. 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds, 14c.
WOOL — Domestic fleece, 32©33c
PETROLEUM — Quiet. ¦>.'
NEW YORK. July 25— FLOUR— Receipts.
12.800 barrels; exnorts, 2S0O barrels; steady
but dull. < >
Nav York Grain and Produce.
Wholesale rates from slaaghterera to dealers
ar* as follows:
BEEF — 3@7c for Steers and 41j5Uc per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 4@7c; small. 8fi9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wether*. 7%fcSc; Ewes, 7«So
p«r lb. 1
LAMB— 9<§9}$c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hojrs. 6«S9He per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
1 The foUowinjr quotations are for good, sooad
Livestock, delivered la San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7tie7fec: Cow, aad Heif
ers. SHttSUc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb,
CALVES^ — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3S$©3%c: Ewea, 3S3«
per lb (gross weight). »«»7»«
• LAMBS— $2 50©2 75 'rer head.
HOGS— Llva Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 4«»4T / i c .
2C0 to 250 lbs, 4Hc;130 lbs. and under. 4Uc :
over 250 lbs. 4Vic: soft Hogs, nominal: Bows!
20 oer cent off: Boara, 50 per cent off. and
Slags, 40 cer cent oil from above quotation*.
DRESSED MEATS.
The week opened with a further decline In
Veal. Lamb and lower grade B«ef, all of
which are dull. Veal is a drag In the market.
Meat Market.
NEW YORK. July 23.'— Cotton futures
opened steady; July, 10.2Sc; August, 10 32c-
September. 9.90c; October. 9.72c; November
9.e3c; December. O.CCe; January, 9.67c. Spot
cltsed quiet. 10 points lower; middling up
lands. 10.80c; middling gulf. 11.05c; tales.
2300 bales. Futures closed steady; July
10.27c; August. 10.20c: September 9.84c- Oc
tober. 9.64c; November. 9.57c; December
9.61c; January, 9.63c; February. 9.66c; May.
9.C8c. ' ».-_¦*; FT^.l-
NEW YORK. July 25.— The cotton market
opened steady at an advance of 2 points to a
decline of 3 points and closed steady at about
the lowest of the session, or a net decline of
5-yll points.
Nav York Cotton Market.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
sen- In the division of redemption, shows
available cash balance, $14J>,759,G06; gold
$46,S70,S19.
Condition of the Treasury.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 23.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 3000 head, including 2000 h«ad of
Southern; market t-teady to a shade lower.
Nitive steers. ?4@«; Southern steers, $2 75@
4 50; Southern cows. $1 75I23 50; native cows
and htifers,, $1 75@5; stock«rs and feeders.
$2 50# 4 50: bulls, $2 2503 75; calves, $2 50@
4;T5; Western steers, $3 75@5 50; Western
cows, $1 75@3 75.
HOGS — Receipts, .1500 head; market 10c to
15c higher. Bulk of %ales, $5@5 15; h*avy.
«R lOg* 20; packers. $5@5 13; pigs and light,
$4 70ft5 10.- : . ¦ ¦ "V ¦: ¦
SHEEP— Receipts.. 500 head; market steady.
Muttons, $.1 25@4 75; lambs, $4g6; range
wether* $3 75®-t 75; ewes, $U@3 «5. "^ i
Kansas City.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 5000 head, to-mor>
row, CCflO; market dull. Mixed and butchers,
$5 254JS 50; good to choice heavy, $5 15#5 45;
rough hea"y. $4 SOCjS 10; light, 5 25©5 43:
bulk of *aVes, $5 20«?5 40.
BHEEP — Receipts; 8000 head; market for
sheep and lambs steady. Good to choice
wethers, $4©4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3^4;
native lambs, $4@4 70; Western lambs, $3 80
64 75.
CHICAGO. July 23. — CATTLE — Receipts,
3000 head; market steady but quiet. Good to
prime steers. $3 40(0:0 65: poor to medium, $4 60
©3 25; stockers and feeders, $2®4; cows. $1 50
©4 5">; hHferjs. $2t|3 00: canners, $1 50@2 60;
bulls. $23 4 10: calves, $2 60<g6 75; Texas fed
stK>rs, $3jr4 75. '. ' ¦• :¦ I:
j CATTLE. SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Chicago.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@$l 50 per
sack or crate; String Beans, l@2c per lb; Wax
Beans, l»4€2c per lb; Lima Beans, B-gec per
lb; Tomatoes, in small boxes and crates, 35
<J60c, large open boxes, 65eg$l; Summer
Squash, 25#35c per box; Cabbage, SI per ctl;
Carrots. $1 Mr sack: Cucumbers. 25®35c per
box; Garlic, 3@4c per lb; Egg Plant, 75<@90c
per box; Dried Peppers, SfflOc for sun-dried
and WVitHSc per lb for evaporated; Green
Okra. 75c@$l per bcx; Green Pappers, TocgJI
per box for, Bell and- 40@50o for Chile.
Miscellaneous vegetables continued weak,
with arrivals neavy and large lines of carried
over stock on sale. Tomatoes had a sharp de
cline, and Egg Plant and Okra were quoted
lower. Fresh arrivals of Cucumbers and Sum
mer Squash did a little better, but old stock
continued very dull at easy prices. There is
very llttl* call for Pickle Cucumbers and
etocks are steadily accumulating.
* POTATOES — New Burbanks from the river.
$101 25 per ctl la sacks and $1@1 50 In boxes;
Watsaa»ille ! Burbanks $1400160 per cU; Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 6O@l 80 per ctl; Early Rose
*1«1 15; Garnet Chiles, $1@1 25; old Potatoes!
$1®1 25.pex"ctl.
ONIONS^New Red. $1 50®l 65 per sack;
Silverskins, $1 85@1 00 per ctl.
The Potato market was very much depressed,
owing to the lack of demand for shipment,
and prices were lower all around, with deal
ers trying to force sales. The top quotation
for river Burbanks in boxes was obtained only
for one email lot. $1 35 being the top for the
general market. Sweet Potatoes from Coachel
la were offering again and were held at 8c per
pound. Onions were dull and Silverskins were
quoted lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HOPS— Nominal at 25©27Hc per lb for Call
fornla. 1903. Contracts for 1304 crop are quot
ed at lCg20c. ..;, c
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about fcftlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
steers. 9^c; medium, 8H©3c: light. 8£S^c;
Cow Hides. SSS%c for heavy and SgS^c for
light; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal.
10c: Salted Calf. lO^i011c: dry Hides. 16c;
dry Kip. 13c: dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shear
lings. 23®40c each: short Wool. 40t?83c each:
medium. 75©0Oc: long Wool, $lgl 50; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 73 for large and $2©2 5O for
medium. $1 25®1 75 for small and 30c for
Colts. Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and
$ I 50 for medium, $1#1 25 fcr small and 50c for
Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30
@32Hc Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25: large and smooth. 50c; me
dium. 35c; small. 20c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 43 1 Vic p«r Ib:
No. 2. 3^c: grease. 2«4©3c
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 17@19c; San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10@12c; do 7 months', OBilc per lb;
Middle Counties. 13(@17c for free and 12t>15o
for defective: Northern. lfSISc for free and
liQlCc for defective; Nevada. 13© 16c. accord
ing to condition.
Hides, TalloWj Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO. July 23.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. ¦ 13®17c; dairy, 12@15c. Eggs
steady, 14»4®15%c. Cheese steady. 7%®SVaC.
ELGIN. III., July 25. — Butter was firm, sell-
Irs at 23c per pound. The same price was
quoted last week. Sales. 832,000 pounds for
the week. :'"."':"
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is no further change to report in any
description.
BEANS— Bayos.f $2 40@2 55: Pea $2 90423 •
Butters, S3 25; small White, $2 90(g3 10; large
White. $2 25#2 50: Pink. $3 60@3 75; Red
$4; Lima. $3 4W33 50; Red Kidneys. $4 50<S5;
Blackeye. $2 15®2 25 per ctl; Horse Beana.
S-Vrf2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, $3: Flax. $1 !KrJ?2 25; Canary, gu>@
7c: Alfalfa. 15>gl3*4c; Rape. l^@2^c; Timo
thy. 5S4c: Hemp, 3%t|3>^c per Ib; Millet,
2fc@3«4c: Broom Corn Seed, $20(821 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctL
Beans at.d Seeds.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. S*4c: one tierce. SHc; two tierces.
8c; five tierces, 7 Tie per Ib.
The market Is still dull and featureless.
Brokers' wires from Chicago yesterday said:
"It Is simply a dull market, with a dragging
tendency pending something definite in regard
to the settlement of the strike. In the mean
time movements of hogs and of products are so
obscured as to have little or no effect upon
prices."
CCRED MEATS — Bacon. 10c per Ib for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 124c for tight.
13%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern rjgar-cured Hams, l.T^c: California
Hams. 12fec; Mess Beef. $10610 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. . S11G11 50: Family. $12H12 50:
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear, $21: Mess
$17 50: Dry Salted Pork, 9^c: Pig Pork. $24;
Pigs' Feet. $3; Smoked Beef, 14c per Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6®*>%c per Ib for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels pure,
9?4c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-Ib tins. Owe; 3-ib tins.
10c.
Provisions.
Rye. bu
Barley, bu
CHICAGO, July 25. — Cash quotations werj»
as follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2
spring wheat, 0«S99c; No. 3, 8S®05c; No. 2 red,
9»itjOSc; No. 2 corn, 49*4 c; No. 2 yellow.
51c; No. 2 oats, 3S??3.$Ts<:; No. 3 white, a*{J
42c: No. 2 rye. 71c; good feeding barley,
Zhfi 3Sc; fair to choice malting, 42S50c; No. 1
flaxseed. $1 IS; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 23^;
prime timothy seed. $2 95473; mess pnrk. per
bbl. $12 70S12 75; lard, per 10O lbs.. $6 77»*,Sl
«i SO; short ribs (loose), $7 23^7 27^; short
clear sides (loose), *7 23<87 60; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract grade,
$11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbla 17.700 19,400
Wheat, ba 02,000 27,300
Corn, bu 354,200 622,900
Oats, bu ".. 111.100 41,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
17NTED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.1 Btd. Ask.
4s «jr coap. .106 10rtHI4s qr ca new.l32^l33»4
4s qr reg... 106*4106*.; i 3s or coap. .. — 106>4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — Oak T Co «a.ll7% —
Bay CPC 5^108 103 Do 5s HO _
Cal C G 5a.l(X$14 — Do con fls. — 104U
Cal G1E| Oceanic S 5s. — 72^4
ra & ct 5s. 84% 83 [Ora. Cable 6s. — 12*4
Cal-st C 5s. — USHlPae G Im 4s. 83 —
C C Wat 5s. — 10O P E*Ry 5«.. 104*^X03 »4
EdL & P 6S.124V4 — P & C H «s.l«l —
F & C H 6a.ll2H — P & O R 6«.113% —
Geary-st 5a.- — SO Powell-st 6». — 114
H C4S 5»*S-10O — =ac EG«R5s. 07^ 9S»4
Do 5s &914IOO SF & SJV5*.117»4 —
Hon R T fis.106%107 Plerra R 6s.. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5S..114HH3UI H908) — — -
L A L Co Ca — — j (1910> 107H10S14
Do f td 6a. - - |S P of C 8i
Do gtd 5s. — 103 j <19O3)Sr A.ICB 103^
LAP lem 5s.I0Ui — I (19051Sr B.1O4 —
Mkt-st C fis.H3H — » <190«> 106 —
Do lem 5«.115 — I (1912) 113*; —
MV& MtTSs.lOl^ — ISPC 1 ejf 5a.llO —
NRR of C6s. — 1G5^! Do stmpd..lO8»i —
Do 5s 117ti — ISPBR 6S.131H132X4
N P C R Ss.104 105%: S V Wat Ss.llHailOm*
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 2£in. 99^, —
N* C P C 5s. — 10O Do 4s 3dm. 9© —
N S R R 5s. — 101 Eo g mt*4s S7U —
O O LAHSs.107 1W Stkri G&Efis. 92*, —
O "W Rtd 5a. — ICO C G A E 3a. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 36 Vj 40 (Port Costa... — —
Maria Co... — f»- |3 V Wat Co. 3«*J 3T
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3V4 ? |S F G & E. «*4 ttt*
Mutual E L. 12^ 14 IStkn G * E. — T*i
Pac L Co... 5«H - |r Q * E Co. - —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'» Fnd. — 310 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — ISO IV P 4 A.... — 135
Anglo-Cal .. «5 87 Mer Trust.... 203 —
Bank of Cal.42O 40l> JMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Saf» Dp. — 150 IS F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Cer S & L.22S0 2350 i Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 333
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.K<X> tzt>
STREET RAILROADS.
California. .. — 2C0 (Presidio — 43
Geary — — J
POWDER.
Giant «0'i 61 fVlgorit — S
SUGAR.
Han* P Co.. — 2pc llCllaue* 9 C — 4
Hawaiian C. 31% — IMakaweli C 22H 24
Honokaa S C — HHIOnome* S C. 24Vi 27H
Hutch SPC "4 smPaauhaa 3 C. 13 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A..124 125^' Oceanic S Co. — 414
Cal F C A. — — Pac Atrx FA. 4^ 6
Cal Wine A. — 90 Pac C Borx. — 153
MV& MtTm.100 — j
Morel rig: Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers* Association... 129 09
ta Giant Powder Con 61 0O
S2.C0O Pacific Electric Ry 3 per cent. 104 87*4
# Street —
100 Mutual Electrio Ltzht 13 12ii
20 S F Gas & Electric «1 25
Afternoon. Session.
Board —
85 Alaska Packers' Association... 135 OO
23 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 51 50)
30 Hawaiian Coml tc Sugar...... 31 25
CO Spring Valley Water Co J7CO
50 Sprtas Valley Water Co 3« 73
MONDAY. July 23—9 *. m.
STOCK ANI> BOND EXCHANGE.
Yesterday was another day of demoralization
in the Hay trade. Receipts were 1S97 tons,
said to be the heaviest ever known, and in
cluded US cars. Prices were no lower but
business was flat and buyers held off a* far
as possible, while sellers were bewildered by
the situation.
There was nothing new in FeedstufTs.
BRAN— J21S22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24©29 per ton.
SHORTS— *21®22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 50<g22 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®
32 50; Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake $22S23-
Corn Ceal, $30 50©31 50: Cracked Corn. $3io
32; Mixed Feed. $22®22 50; Horse Beans. $30-3
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. »0c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $9<811. with $12@13 for extra
fine: Wheat and Oat. $9rfni: Oat $7 50R11-
Bdriey and Oat, $7<g0: Volunteer Wild Oat,'
$7gS 50; stable, S7@9 50: stock. ««« 5OS7 50-
Clover. $7 50^0 50: Alfalfa. $7@10x0 per ton.
STRAW— 40©60c per bale
Hav and Feedstuffs.
The United Milk Company of San Francisco
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 3
cents per share, payable Immediately.
The Brunswick C. G. M Company assess
ment of 3c per share, amounting to $6000.
levied June 23. became delinquent on the Toao
pah Mining Exchange July 23.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Northern California
Power 5c: Illinois Cruda Oil. U4e; Home
stake Minlr.s Company of South Dakota. 23c.
The oil and tnininc stocks wer» quiet, with
the latter weak as a rale.
The sensation yesterday was th« sharp break
in Alaska Packers from $132 as Saturday's
price, to $125. ; This stock has been going
down rapidly of late and the street Is doing
some active guessing as to the cans* of the
decline, which Is not generally kaown. One>
broker reported that there was some- talk of
an unsatisfactory run of fish, but nobody else
had any explanation to offer. Other weak
stocks were Hawaiian Commercial, selling off
to $51 25. and Spring Valley Water at $37®
34 73.
SJtarp Break in Stock of 'Alaska
Packers' Association.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 B0 per 100 lbs-
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal, $3 25: Rice Flour)
»< : Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do, $4 25:
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25- Buck
wheat Flour. $4SO@4 75: Cracked Wheat. $4;
C*f, "f'^ $ * 50: WhoIe Wheat Flour. S3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. J7 2538 60; In sacks. $6 75®
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per I0O lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 600
4 90. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50^4 SO-
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 6*34 25
per bbl.
It was reported on 'Change that the railroad
rate on Flour from Kansas City and possibly
several other Western points to this market
had be*n reduced, while the rate on Wheat
had not been touched. The local millers were
inclined to regard this acticn with disfavor, as
favoringthe Southwestern millers at their ex
pense. The report lacked complete verifica
tion, but was sufficiently definite to cause con
siderable talk among the trade.
Flour ami Millstuffs.
STOCK MAEKET.
NEW YORK, July 25.— Speculation in
storks tri-day was dispirited and decidedly un
lrtererstini;. The market was dull and slug
gish. The recent notable firmness ot the un
dertone. ;n spite of the declining activity of
the demand, was lacking to-day, and the
market was inclined to sag. The movement
was desultory and showed no signs of the
precipitation which usually marks the culmi
nation of an active speculative advance. The
action of the market was not clearly related
to the news of the day and the drop of prices
was in spite of seme happenings favorable to
values', m the ea^ne way Chat bad news has
been ignored en the recent advance. There
vtas a direct reversal o£ the tone of railroad
official comment on tEe outlook from that of
last week, which' was apprehensive of a re
newed period of hesitation in business as a
result of the crop scare. Thin week railroad
officials assert that there has l»een a sudden
revival of cheerful sentiment and an increase
of traffic offering in proportion. A seasonable
increase in the grain movement Is also re
ported, although of moderate dimensions.
Eastern railroads are not in entire harmony
¦with these views. The early market was as
tifted besides by some buying for Londcn ac
count. Professional traders in stocks are In
clined to argue that favorable developments ot
this kind are what was counted upon when
prices began to advance and whtte giving some
warrant ior the hieh^r level cf prices attained,
then? must be a limit to the advance war
ranted and remaining uncertainties must b*
taken account of. Cheerful reports from the
iron and steel trade were regarded In the
;>m« way. There is no great doubt remaining
among the speculative contingent that th«
regular quarterly dividend on United States
Steel preferred will be declared to-morrow.
That stock was h«avy, nevertheless. In ccm
mon with the list. Seme of the clocks of ths
independent companies made sharp advances.
Domestic crop news was mostly favorable, and
the strength in ;he grain markets was gener
ally attributed to the eagerness of ( a foreign
demand and to reports of renewed 'uneasiness
over the political outlook. The labor trouble?
made the most positive Influence on the side of
reaction. The threatening aspect assumed by
the meat packers' strike was reported from
the New England cities. A considerable re
trenchment In the labor cost of railroad oper
tlon is a recognized necessity for the con
servation of n«t <'arnlnzs and the growing
spirit of discontent in virirus circles of labor
causes seme anxiety. Sterling exchange made
a rather violent advance in response to the de
mands cf the Ixir.don market and there was
discussion of the possibility of gold exports In
spite of the car approach of the. period of
normal outgo for cur principal merchandise
exr>ortE. No effect *as produced on our money
market, cwir.g to the extraordinary level of
tfae banking surplus. The market closed lr
¦—ular at some slight recovery from the low
est.
iCanda heavy ar.d dull. Total sales, par
v.i'ue. $1,740,000.
United Ftatf» 2s and the eld 4s declined %
p«r «nt r,n call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sa!*s. High. Low. CIoe»
Atchi.cn 24.S0O 7*'i 7H% 78*
Atchison p!d "400 97V t 96% &6-%
Bait & Ohio 3.900 S5'i SJ^ fn^
Bait A- Ohio pfd 94
Cent cf New Jer«y 1C3
Ctttsa. &. Onio 1.000 3t'$ 3.*$*; 23S4
Chi & Alton 3.700 40% 33«-s 4O4i
Chi & Alt pfd 81
Chi & Great W>st.. 300 14% 144 14%
Chi & Northwest. 400 179 17S£ ITS 4
Chi Mil & St Paul 12.600 14S% 147^ 147^,
C M & St Paul pfd 170
Oil Term & Trans. 6C0 6U G\i 6Vi
Chi T & T pM 141,
C C C & St Louis 200 731, 75 . 75
Colo Southern 14t£
Cclo South 1 «t pfd 48
Colo South 2d pfd 200 20% 2OT4 20%
Del & Hudson 11.000 161 15© Vi 159?i
Del Lacka & West 263
Den & Uio Grande ..-. 22%
Den & Rio Gr pM 72
Erie ". 7.000 23*i 25% 24%
Erie 1st pfd 4.1C0 62^ C0H e0»i
Erie 2U pfd 700 3S*i 36% 36%
Hock'ns' Valley 63
Hock Valley pfd 79^i
Illinois Central .. MO 137ii 13fl^ 13«b
Iowa Central 100 19 19 19
Icwa Central pM 38
Kar;s City Southern 21%
Kans City So pfd 43%
Lotiisv & N'ashv .. 1,400 115V4 115 115
'Manhattan L .... 150'A
Metro Securities .. 200 S7M S7VS S6ij
Metro Et Ry 4.400 116'i 11S% 115^
Mexican Omral .. 3,100 » T i gu 914
Minn & St Loots .'. 45U
M St P & S S M. . 2,700 73 7i 74
M St P&S S M pfd 000 12S«£ 12S 127U
MlEsouri Pacific .. 10.000 04 «£ SZK 83ii
Mo Xans & Tex .. 2C0 18% 18\4 18 '-
! Ho Kan* & Tis pH 500. 40%. 40& 40%
; Nat RE of Mex pfd 100 % 37 37 37 2
S LS' B . t ™l 60 ° 119l a "8^ "S%
No^Ve^d^ ,.T. 61% fll% S*
Ont & Western ... 2.000 30*4 36" 30%
P^STl sTl 25 : 200 121^ «???.??5«
Reading 23,400 H" £3'* mi;
Reading 1* pfd .. 300 S3U 83U S3
Reading 2d pfd . ** *"** 5^,.
I Rock Island Co .. 8,300 23% 22« ««a*
' Reck I»Und Co pfd MO C 6u &i*t Sit
S'SSiW.?..?? ?:^ "* S H
6t Louis S W pfd . . 800 33% aAii £t
, Southern PaciSc .. 45,300 52 60% S\-L
I Southern Ry i. 2,000 24U 23T4 2384
Southern Ry pfd .. 200 E3 gj «??
Texas t Pacific .. 600 25?i 25« vlu.
Tel St L & West „ * £$
Tol St L 4 W pfd S0O 3S% 38*-* «?
Union Pacific 35.800 9714 »6?4 97
Union Pac pfd .... 100 94 94 tnv
"tt'abash 100 17 17 1714
Wabash pfd ...... 700 36% 35^ 35«
Wheel tc Lake Erie • 600 14% 14 u 14
Wisconsin Central. ..' ¦ . ijxr
Wisconsin Cea pfd. 200 33*4. 33% 3s2
Express Companies —
Adams ... .'.. ... •.-. .... ... . 225
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 25.— Money en call very
ea?y. 1 per cent; closing bid, \; offered at 1.
Time loans easy; sixty and ninety days, ZQ-hi
r*r cent; six months, 3>a&3*4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3Vi&4 per ceat. Sterling
exchange strong. with actual business in
bankers* bills at $4>77lXg4.i<775 for demand
and at $4.b5'S4.!5510 for sixty-day bills. Posted
rates. $4 tt4 and $1 S*ff4 Ji-S"-. Commercial
bills. $4 S4?- 4 $r4 8434. Bar silver. 58Hc. Mex
ican dollars, 45'^. Government bonds, weak;
railroad bonds, heavy.
Nezv York Money Market.
r. l ' r-i ,
Brokerage Change.
i -. Aiirast I R. E. Mulcahy w:!l withdraw
!: >m the stack brokerage Srm of Mitchell, j
VluJcaty & Co. and will hereafter represent
thr Xeor York Stock Exchar.se house of E. F.
Ziutton &. Co.. which Is the trst Near York
t:r:. t<> ei»n an o'flce In this city. R. Brerst
Mitct#!l will continue the business under the
Bin tame of Mitcfcel! & Co. The business of
<if-»irng in New York stocks is steadily ex
'. rv cxijutxm of quicksilver from San Fraa-
C- by *ea in June were as loiiowg;
Flasks, . Value.
Vtv York 775 $Ti,012 I
iiejcfco 6oO 2L500 I
i. . America r.S 2.4X]
ift.a.'tKilia SO z £ 2.IW
1 UlM Ztti $59O5S
Jnae, 1903. ti» txiwrts »?r» 1826 flasks.
ruuitd it $75,503. In that menth China tock
J' - »nd L2U \strc thuiwd to Japan, j
' . c :-^.;is at this port In June were SUSS]
tue'j*. i^^ir.st 4tl2 narkis in l'M3.
Raisins and Dried Fruits.
Mai: airices from N«w York eay:
rt« :tature In tnis market was the an-
BoeaecsKat or oprrrtng prices en U»u4 crop o£
CaltZcrma KsJstcs, waich have been expected
Ccr several days. For the Urn time since the
Cillloraia H+z&'.n Growtrs' Association has j
l>^fc^ the D-.ain factor in the situation the pack
eis tock tfce iniLlativc in the namir? of optn-
Jr.».' prices; e.rul in view ci ta* obscurity ot til*
• iruation on the coast, as re\-ealed tn the mea
t-r information obtained Irom there of laie,
tfcf- jobbing trade a tesit&ting to t&lte hold.
V. }•:•¦(; it it claimed that a few cars have been
or. firmed at the new price*. It Is understood
ti-«: most buyer* are dispcs^d to take time to
Cuactder. T\e Cgur^s quoted by most of th-
Urge parsers. Inchicilng these known as the
'l-.iz Five." are as follows: Seeded, fancy,
l-.r., r.i-c: 12-cz., 4>,c: choice 1-lb. 5c: 12-
O7.. 4i»i-; bulk, fancj-, f.^»c; choice, 4%c; I»n
c :. Ujtrs, 2-crowns. $1; 3-orowns, >1 10:
Caucy c!u«ers. $1 4ji; loose muscatols. TxVlb
t-»*».»-», 2-crown*. 3i»c; 3-<rrcwns, 3 a «c. and 4
crtwns. 4*jc- Imported raisins were firm,
tl er»: ttill beirig a very good demand for sul
t£ra*. Currants were firm, but quiet. There
v rs little show of ir.tcrpn in Prunes for either
e;«-t or forward delivery. Prices were un
charged and more or less nominal. The coast
ir.aiket for r»w erou Africots remains vrry
dm on the basis of *g»>i^c for choice Royals
in hags f. o. t.. but tfc^re wm to be few
¦rnta: to corse East and exjiort demand is
lscktagr. Peaches for AcgBSt chipment ar»
held ftraiiy at 64c for cfaotee in 25-lb bcx^s f.
e b. coast, which, how^ier, twmt to br abov«
th^ view* cf buyers here, as we hear of no
Ivcather Report.
. <120th Meridian — Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO. July. 25— 5 p. tn.
The fciicaing maximum and minimum tem-
P^-stUT** ar» reported for t!ve previous day
trota Eii£t«>rn citi<?«:
F "* tc ri M-60 New Orleans «4-72
<:r.r;- rA ti 7^-5« Philadelphia 6S-54
Jsc«-.r.v;:> M-74 Washington 7«-
Et. Lcui? 75-66 New York 6S-54
PAN FRANCISCO &S-. r .2
TH£ COAST RECORD. ~
? .? .? 2 5 •?
I s|f|§i •*¦ I
: ? = : : §
• • • : •
*? aktr »-» 66 52 NW Clear .00
£*»? S-° •• m w CIear - 00
re ** 30.0* m 54 NW Cloudy .00
* r « a » ••;,-• • -23.74 If A 74 NW Clear .00
fr E. Fera..lcn.2V<.!>4 53 53 NW Cloudy .00
*'**?*;? =»•*> "6 54 S FtCldy.4<>
Pocatelto 'JSMO SO 54 W a-ar .00
Ir.d-r^ndence .25.S2 »4 72 E Cloudy .00
Lo» Angeles ..23.W *-6 €2 S1Y Clear .00
3it iirca} r « : s.23.ao 6ft 77 W Pt Cldy MO
North Head ..:r.>.T<2 68 54 S Cloudy .00
P ; .o^n:x ..-<,. 74 <jS 80 W Cloudy Tr.
Pt P^yes Lt..23.S8 53 El NW Cl.udy .CO
? C h ?^- 29.74 lw> 62 E Pt Cidy .00
Red BlsS ....CS.Ti 102 72 EE Pt Cldy .00
KoKbuis 2&.00 SO 4S N Clear .00
Eicramti-.to ..->.7« 90 C4 S Clear .00
i!t =3-«« I-* C2 NW Clear .CO
E E t F^ rc!l =«> : »-82 5.S B2 W CIcucJy .00
6an L>.eto ....rj.' rf 0 72 (A SW Clear .00
E**H e - s - fc 2 M «0 NW Car .CO
£ rw * a n« 2T..D2 5S £2 E riear
tJ SrV--M -rt-\ «« M W clelr ;<£
T.».!a V,a'.!a..2«.vo us eo E Pt Cldy .CO
£ ina-succ* .-,.v_. V2 m V.- cloudy "j
T ™ ->~* 1'2 M SW <~ear .00
•rat* doprMsioi, i5 B0«tec across We.hington.
Anotht-r <!!rturban« B««rUea Arizctui uj
sSrtrsirSteS! " rorttj in the E ° uthern
Moderate raia continue* in Northern Ar'zona
Tbe -en:peraturc has ristn in ScuthwiVaii:
frrr.ia and has fallen in the Sacramento Val'ey
b ??J r ~f™ tor thirty
tair.»; coc>r in the San Joaquia Valley- Ucht
n<1 * l=Uad: Ln£k ««*rl/V U iSd.
Scu j bx ™_ " California — Cloudv. unsettled
A- C. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hour, ending 5 p. m
12»th mgri^Un time. £an rraacisco, July 25;
S £ Z m ~
rs =3 2. * £E
||S| f 2. s =
6TATI0NS. * * o 4 |d
? ? i l H
: j I 5 cf I
Clcverdale SI 47 Clear .00
Cclusa 96 70 Clear OO
Eureka «0 54 NW Cloudy V
Fresco .108 74 JCW Clear ,O0
Kanford ...108 05 Ciear .OO
Iibi:i£ter .......... M S5 .... Clear OO
Ir,dependence ...... 84 72 E Cloudy '.00
Kir.g City S3 W N Cl ear .00
Lircrmore ......... Do M Clear CO
Lc« Angeies 69 62 SW Clear CO
M<xt*d 100 75. .... dear 00
'Nap* 95 52 Clear .00
Newcastle 104 80 SW Clear .00
Newmaa •••-••.•-•10* <5S .... Clear 0O
r-ilerrao 102 €S Pt.Cldy .00
rcrtervtlle 10* 74 NW Clear 00
J.. i E!-jS ....... ..1C2 72 EE Pt.Cldy *0O
riverside ..........100 C3 CTear .00
Facraav" 1^ ........ 90 <54 S Clear .00
Fan D*e*n 72 64 SV7 Qoudy 00
Fan Krancl»c» M 52 W Pt.Cldy .00
Han Jose 7» r.6 Clear .<»
Fan Luis Obltpo B2 C« EW Clear OO
Eacta. Hart* .. 8O C5 .... Clear .00
EASTERN MAEKUTS.
Honey is reported extremely dulL Though It
is agreed oy both sellers and buyers that the
output this year will be very slender, buyers
are net touching the market, and all grades
are neglected except choice bright comb, which
Is in very fair demand and firm at higher
prices.
As already mentioned, the Raisin packers are
in the fiell, regardless of the Association,
whose prices they are cutting. Some of them
are quoting 2-crown layers at $1; 3-crown.
$1 10; 4-crown. $1 50, while ethers are as low
as S^c and 90c for C and 3 crown respective
ly. Two-crown loose are quoted at 2 7 »c and
lie and 3-crown 3%c to 3>^c. The price named
on fancy Ifi-ounce seeded is 5V»c.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7%©9He:
Peaches. 5%@7%c per Ib: Figs, 2-<?rown bricks.
62>Ac: S-crown. 55c: 4-crown, 65c; 6-crown.
75c; bulk white, 3US3Hc: black. 4c. Old crop
— Evaporated Apples, 6^©7%c per la.
— 1903 crop. 2g2%c for the four
sizes.
- RAI#INS — Asscciatlon f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject -io change without notice} J are as
follows: 5O-lb boxes — Loos- Muscatels. 4-crtrwa.
•4c per Ib; 3-crown. 4V4c; 2-crown. 4e; Malaga,
loose, 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown, 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Snltanas, 3Uc; seedless
Muscatels, 3»£e: do floated.' 3*$c; Seeded Rais
ins. 16-cz cartons, fancy. 5^c: choice. 3%c;
12-oz. ' cartons, fancy. 4%e: choice. 4%c; la
bulk, fancy. 5\«c; choice. 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50: fancy. $2: London
La yen". 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 23.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13^'gI4c;
No. 2, ll%#12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13313%c;
No. 2. llQUfce; Almonds. I3^l3hi<s for new
Nonpareils. 12ttl2iac for I X L. 12@12tjc for Ne
Plus Ultra; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll'RISc: Cccoanut3. $4 50175.
HONEY— Comb. HViSlSc for white and
IChgllc for amber; water white extracted. 5®
6c; light amber extracted 4'«35c; dark, 3tt
@4V,e.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per Ib.
The Almond crop is opening very stiff at
higher pricei, owins to the very light crop,
and during th» last few days there have been
sales north of the bay at about 13@13%c for
n«-s- Nonpareils and 12©12^c for Ne Plus Ul
tras and I X L». There Is a good demand for
them. There will- be no auction sales at Da
visvllle this year, as the handling of the crop
has been given over to a San Francisco house.
As already mention*!. Fruits, except Prunes,
are remarkably well cleaned up and firm, with
a lighter output of Apricots and Peaches Indi
cated.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,RaisinsJJoney.
TOn MONDAY. JULY 23.
Flour, or ska... e. 884 Hay. tons' 1.1BT
Wheat, ctls 1.33©! Wool, bale* ..... 183
Barley, ctls ....13, 931! Short* sk* ...... ISO
Oats, ctls ....... 3.069 Feed, sks ....... 224
Corn, ctls 151 Hide*. No 8^2
Rye. etls 1.B39 1 Pelts. No »»3O
Beans, sks 87iTaiIow. «J« Hfl
Potatoes, sks ... 3,451: Leather, rolls ... 1C0
Onions, sks 49S : Ll:ne. bbls «44
Bran, eks 1,22*1 Paper rwun* ... 1.270
Middlings, aka .. 300fWlne. gala S3.70O
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 15.800! Braa. aks 1.313
Wheat, ctla 2.1W2!
EASTERN.
Corn, etls ....... SCO Cora SffeaJ. etls.. COO
HONOLULU.
WooL ta!«s 1?4J
Receipts of Produce.
July 40U 49U 43 49^i
September 40V4 49% 49 49Vi
December ...... V. 45 !i 4.1% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2— '. .
July SO 30% 33 30%
September .vi 33U 32 '4 33»4
December .33 14- 3XU, - 33« | 33%
May 34!^ 35^ 34 % 35
Mess Pork, wr bbl —
July 12 «2!i 12 S2% 12 70 12 70
September 12 S.> 12 87% 12 70 12 70
October 12 S7% 12 87% 12 70— 12 72%
Lard. r*r 100 lbs —
July ft.72%
September 6 05 6 05 6 S7% 6 S7%
October 7 CO 7 CO' .6 02% t! 95
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July 7 30
September 7 R2tJ 7 52^ . 7 42>4 7 42Vi
October 7 52^ 7 52^ " 47^4 7 47^4
CHICAGO, July 25.— A strong foreign mar
ket, in ' the face of extreme weakness here
Saturday, imparted a firm tone to wheit at
the opening, notwithstanding the favorable
weather conditions and increased receipts.
Quotations on September were up fi#»4c at
S7'£S7Vic. For a time little disposition to sell
was manifested, and with a fair demand from,
shorts September advanced to 87%c. On the
slight upturn, however, considerable scattered
commission house selling developed, resulting
In quite general selling later. Support from
the big houses that recently had been bulling
the market was almost entirely lacking. In
consequence September declined to S«%igS6T-sC.
The demand on the small break became so
unfavorable that the early sellers hastened
to buy their wheat back, and in the absence
of offerings prices advanced quickly. The un
certainty surrounding the new developments
In the progress of the Russo-Japanese war
was an all Important factor in causing bull
ish sentiment during the latter part of the
day. Some reports of rust were received from,
the spring wheat district, but in the main
crop advices were favorable. -Heavy primary
receipts and weakness in cash grain were ap
parently overlooked by the majority of trad
ers. The market continued strong the re
mainder of the session. After touching 8Sc
September closed' at S7 T £c.
Trading In corn was rather slow, the
strength that developed In the market being
more the effect of the advance in wheat than
the result of any urgent demand. September
cpen,ed a ehade to He higher at 49^c to 49%c
ond closed at 49%*549%c.
In sympathy with other grains the cats
market ruled firm. September closed at 334c
to 33 He.
No interest »a? manifested in the provision
pit, trading being practically dead, owing to
the strike. . A little long stuff came out late
in the day. causing a slight decline. Septem
ber pork was down 12MiC. Lard was off 5@
7>^c. Ribs were down 10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article* — Open. High. Low. Close.
Whrat No. 2 —
July (old) 05 OfitJ -96% »6
July (new) 03% 95 93V 04%
Sept. (ol>i> ... S9% S9& 88% S9"'4
Sept. (new) ... S7H 8S 86% 87ft
Corn No. 2—
Future Grain and Provisions.
Santa Rosa 81 51 .... Clear .00
Stockton OS 6S .... Clear .CK>
Willows 101 68 S Cloudy .0O
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Riverside — Thunderstorms in mountains.
Cclasa — All crops In good condition.
Willows — Crop conditions unchanged.
San Jose — Dried Apricots estimated at 175
cars. .- .-' ' •
Newman — Third crop alfalfa being cut. -
Palermo— Fi*s looking well. prunes still
continue to drop.
Santa Maria— Warmer weather; no percepti
ble change in general crop condition^? light
crop of apricots being dried. "f
HolUstcr— Cannery and drier busy with apri
cots: crcn better than estimated.
Sana Rosa — Crcp conditions unchanged.
Cioveriaie — Pastures are in good condition.
Livermore — Sugar beet prospects at Pleas
ar.ton 12 to 15 tons per acre.
Nara — No change in crop conditions.
Har.ford — Good crop of grapes; watermelons
rler.tiXul: reaches being dried.
Stockton — Large shipments Bartlett pears
arriving it canneries; quality good-
A. G. McADIE.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK. July. 25. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday. July 23. as compared with
the New York. Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat 12,175,000 bushels, decrease
544.000 bushels; com 5.774.00O bushels, de
cease 306. 000 bushels; oats, 3,007,000 bushels,
decrease 770,000 bushels; rye 772.000 bushels,
increase 12.000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
SUGAR — Th« Western Scgar R*2aia* Com
pany quotes as follows; per Ib, ta 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and FIs« Crushed d.u6c:
Powdered. 3.90c: Candy Granulated. 6.90c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.80c; Fruit Granulated. 3.90c; Beet Granu
lated <100-lb bags only). : Confectioners'
A. 5.80c; Magnolia A. 5.40c: Extra C. 3.30c;
Golden C. 6.20c; "D." B.lOc; barrels, 10c mow;
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 80-la
bags. 10c more fcr all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.30c: boxes. 6.25c: It. i E. Crystal
Dcminos. S.80c oer Ib. No order* taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD- Red Lead. 7H9
7%c per Ib; Whlt« Lead. 7%tJ7%c. acecrtla*
to quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. ta bcOc.
13c; Pe*rl Oil. la cases. 13J*c; Astral. W4c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 2»e:
Eocene, 23c; Deodorized Stow Gasolla*. la
bulk. 10c; In cases. 22%c: ¦ Benzine. In balk.
13c; In cases. 19%o: 86-degre* Carolina, ta
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c
TURPENTINE — 61c per gallon ta eaaes and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
add 5c; Linseed. 57: per gallon for botledi and
55c for raw; Caster Oil. hi case*. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 1001 12;: Lueoi. 50a
for boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
i^'-fcNoc oer gallon; Cocoonat 011. tn barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. C8c; natural wlattr
Sperm Oil. «3c: extra bleached winter Whal»
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. C2e; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 89c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c: No. 1 Neatsroot Oil,
«53c; light Herring OIL 42c: dark Herring OIL
40c; Salmon OIL 34c; boiled Ftsh Oil. 37c; raw
Fish OIL 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 04^ $1 04^ $1 03% $1 03%
OATS — Rather more than usual came in yes
terday, but otherwise there was nothing new
to report, the market being steadily held, with
a quiet demand.
Reds are quoted at $1 lS^l 32i£ per ctl. No
other kinds offering. •
CORN — Chicago Is offering supplies to tht3
market at the established quotations, but the
local buyers are taking hold very freely and
the market is quiet.
Western sacked. SI 45<gl 47% for Yellow,
$145@147% for White and $145 for Mixed;
California Large Yellow, $1 iZ<Q\ 50: small
round do. $1 50-31 60; White, $1 4501 50 per
ctl; Egyptian, $1300135 for White and $125
61 30 for Brown.
RYE— $1 25®1 30 for new.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at $1 75®2 per ctL
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 04# »1 04% $1 OiU, $1 04^
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed, $1®1 03%; new Brewing and Shipping,
$1 C5@l 12H: Chevalier, nominal.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 36% $1 36^ $1 S8& $1 36*i
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 36%.
BARLEY— Receipts were large yesterday, but
the market ruled steady for cash grain, while
futures were a little higher. There was noth
ing doing In brewing grades, and business was
more or less quiet all around.
CASH BARLEY.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club, H 32tl®l 38%: California
White Australian, $1 52H@1 57V4; Northern
Club, $1 32&@1 Z~hi>: Northern Bluestem,
$1 52%©1 50 per cU.
WHEAT — Foreign markets were quiet, with
higher Liverpool futures. The- world's ship
ments for the week were as follows. In quar
ters: Russian. 202,000; Danublan, 40,000; Ar
gentine, 199,000; Indian, 327,000; Australian.
10.000. The American visible supply decreased
544.0G0 bushels.
Chicago advanced like on. better cable* and
bad European crop reports. I The Chicago wires
of Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co. said:
"Cash prices were firm to a.illtt!« higher.
Cash prices In Toledo -and the' Southwestern
markets were, however, mainly sharply lower.
There v.-ere some scattered showers throughout
the West and Southwest, but nothing impor
tant. The strength was on shorts covering and
speculative buying on the cables. The latter
were Influenced both by their own crop situa
tion and a shade lower consols. The strength
abroad and here to-day may be significant,
but our feeling has been and is. with a liberal
movement of ca/h wheat In domestic markets,
together with a probable liquidation .of July
contracts induced thereby, will likely prevent
any material advance this week and may pos
sibly bring about lower prices. Of course,
weather or war news might change it.'"
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain was unchanged. .
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Nc?v York Stocks lower. Cotton zveak.
Local Stocks dull, with, a weaker feeling.
Local Sterling and European Exchange rates higher.
Wheat end Barley open the iveek quietly.
Oats, Ccrn aid Rye as prez'wuslv quoted.
Hay market again demoralized bv excessive receipts.
No further, cliangc in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes atxd Onions hzver and the former depressed. •
Vegetables in large supply, with prices weak.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Fruit market gc::crall\> quiet and easy.
Sales of new Almonds at higher prices. Raisitis unsettled.
Prnzisicms continue to drag everywhere.
Dried Peaches and Apricots firm. Honey neglected.
Vqcl, Lamb and lower grade Beef Iqzcer.
Supplies cf Butter, Cheese and Eggs still large.
NEW YORK. July 25. — The tin market un
derwent a considerable reaction during to-day's
trading. In London prices broke to £123 7s
«d for spot and £122 2s 6d for futures, while
spot closed locally at $26 75®27 50.
Copper was a shade lower in London, spot
there closing at £57 3s 9d and futures at £57
2s 6d Locally cepper was unchanged. Lake
Is quoted at $12 62^4612 87^4; electrolytic,
$12 C2%@12 75; casting. $12 27%®02 50.
Lead was unchanged at £11 11s in London,
but was lower In the local market, closing at
$1 20<g4 25. , „
Spelter was unchanged locally a.t $4 85®
4 5)5. In London it was a shade higher, clos
ing at £22 7s 6d. , .
Iron closed at 51s 9d In Glasgow and at 43s
In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet and
easier No. 1 foundry. Northern, Is quoted
at *14®14 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $13 75
(E14; No. 1 fotmdry. Southern, and No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, soft. $13 50@13 75. ;-vy.
Nezv York Metal Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The rate. of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2"i€"2 15-16 per cent and for
three months' bills 2 15-16<g3 per cent.
Cons money ..SS9-1RJN Y Central 12*»
Do acct 88% Nor & Western... C3%
Anaconda .".%: Do pfd fli
Atchison SO'ijOnt & Western... 31 U
Do pM 89 <A I Pennsylvania 62>-i
Bait & Ohio "i;!nand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 127% | Reading . *>7U
Ches & Onto 35 1 Do 1st pfd 4->ti
Chi Great West.. 15 I Do 2<1 pfd 37,5
Chi. Mi & St P. 152 IS Railway .. 25%
De Beers I**; I Do pfd OIL',
Den & Rla G 22% I So Pacific zzil
Do pfd 74V Union Pacific .... MK
Erie 2(5>4l Do rfd 09V,
Do 1« pfd MttfTJ S Steel is
Do 23 pfd SOU) Do pfd «4S£
111 Central 140%!Waba«h '.'. is
Louia & Nash... .120 Hi Do pfd 37U
M. K & Texas... }S%iSpanfsh 4s £3$
Bar silver— Steady, 26 13-16d per oun<*e
Money — SffSVi per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
Money — I United Fruit I'M
Call loans 21?3 1 iiiLr S Steel..... J2%
Time loans 3@4V4I Do rfd tf2%
Bonds — I Wasting Common. 7S
Atchison 4s 101%' Mining-
Do ad J 4s S»4UlAlloue« -. S%
Mex Central 4s... 62Vi}Amal Copper .... "2%
Railroads — ¦ J Amer. Zinc VI
Atchison 7S% I Atlantic 9
Do pfd 97 IBingham 25%
Boston & Albany. 249 Calumet & llecla.475
Boston & Maine.. 166 [Centennial 24
Boston Elev 152 Copper Range ... 56
Fitchburg pfd 13S iDalv Went 1«
Mex Central OHlDom Coal 4">
N Y. N H & H..10.-5 IFranklin 7U
Pere Marquette... 74 IGrancy 2!i
Union Pacific 96"ii lisle Rovale 11 i^
MlscellaneoTis — |Ma.<s Slining 4U
Amer Arge Chem. H'4lMirriigan 4
Do pM 75 I Mohawk 43
Aci^r Pneu Tube. 4ig|Mont Coal & Coke 3U
Amer Sugar 129 (Old Dominion ... L3W
v. Do pfd 120 (Oecfola e2 '
Amer Tel & Tel. 132 14 ! Parrot 24t;
Amer Woolen ... HH'Qutnry s.V
Do pfd 7»>% I Shannon ..T .->%
Dom Iron & S... S%iTamarack $-*>
Ed Elect Ilium.. .?4S (Trinity si;
G<>n Electric 161 U S "Mining 22'i
Ma«s Electric K^iiU S Oil ..... H
r>o rM €9%tUtah ; 3KV
Mass Gas •. 30^i\ietoria 8«
Un Shoe Mach... 49 iWinona 714
Do pfd 30m Wolverine 73
Bosion Stocks and Bonds.
American ". 200
United States 108
WelU-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 23.700 53^ 52 52%
Am Car & Found. 1,200 19H 10 18%
Am Car & F pfd .'. 77ti
Am Cotton Oil 20*£ >
Am Cotton Oil pfd gs*-*
Am Ice 200 7V4 7 7}s
Am Ice pfd 700 29% 2S% 2S»i
Am Linseed Oil 9
Am Lin Oil pfd 26
Am Locomotive .. 1.500 22% 22% 22
Am Locomo pfd .. 100 87 87 87
Am Smelt & Ref. 3.200 &~% 57 56'i
Am Smelt A R pfd 600 99% 99 89^
Am Engar Ref 1,300 12914 129 129
Anaconda Min Co 72
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 12,000 62}s 51** 51%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4.900 3S"£ 36% 37 H
Consolidated Gas.. 600 194 193>i 184
Ccrn Products ... 600 13ft ~ 12*4 12TJ
Corn Products pfd. 100 70 70 69^
Distillers' Secu » 2t
General Electric... 300 162 161*i 161
Internal Paper ." .... 13%
Internat Paper pfd 69
Internat Pump 31
Internat Pump pfd 73*4
National Lead .... 1.000 21 & 21 2m
North American... 85%
Pacific Mail 27
People's Gas 700 100*4 100*4 100
Pressed Steel Car. 500 33^ 33 32%
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 77 Vi 77*4 75
Pullman Pal Car .... • 221
Republic Steel 3.500 S\% 73a 1%
RepubUc Steel pfd. 4,000 44 44 45 j
Rubber Goods IS 1 * i
Rubber Good* pfd. 500 79^ 7SH 77^ J
Tenn Coal & Iron. 200 44% 43^ 43*,
U S Leather COO 7Vi 7H 7&
U S Leather pfd 2*i
U S Realty 100 4S% 48^ 4T&
U S Rubber ...... 600 19^ 19% 19&
U S Rubber pfd 75
U S Steel : 15.500 12% 12'i 12ft
U S Steel pfd 53.S0O 63^ 62»i 62%
We«tl»ghouse Elec. 100 15S 15S 157
Western Union ... 100 SS»s SS% 8S
Total sales ...413.4CO
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCI3CO.
NEW YORK, July .25. — Bond transactions! of
Urited Railroads of San Francisco were 53000
at $S2 75 and $1000 at $83.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4 5i asked 4%; preferred bfd
42 Vi. asked 42%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l*4%|L k N unified 4S.1C0H
Do coupon 104*% 1 Man con gold 4fi.lU5%|
Do 3s reg 104«ilMex Central 4s... 64
Do coupon- 105%!' Do 1st inc 14
Do new 4s reg.l31U Minn & St L 4s.. O6',4
Do coupon 132HIM K & Tex 4s. ..100
Do old 4s reg.l0«m Do 2ds_ £01$
Do coupon lOtiHlNR of Mex con 4s. 76H '
Atch gen 4s 102*jj N Y C gen 3^s.. o$«£ t
Do adj 4s 95HrN J C gen 5s 132T4, I
Atlantic C L 4s. SS'^INor Pac 4s lCShi ''
Bal & Ohio 43.. .102-,| Do S3 74 H !
Do 3»is OSHINor &. W con 43.101 li i
Central of Ga 5s.ll04iOSL 4s & partlc. 93^ !
Do 1st inc 7SH Pa conv 3Hs 9SVi ¦
Ches & Ohio 414 s. 104 HI Reading gen 4s... 99' |
Chi & Alton 3U,s. 78% |S L & I M con Se.llii^ |
C. B & Q new 4s. 05^fS L & S F'fg 4s. S5H !
CM & SP gn 43.1iJSU|St LouU SW Ists. 96% .
C & NW con 7s. 130 (Seaboard A L 4s. 60%
C. R I & Pac 4s, 71tAjSo Pacific 4s 9t .
Do col 5s S2 (So Railway 5s 115
i C.C.C & SL gn 4s.l01% I Tex & Pac lsts..HSU I
j Chi Term 4s 53i,|T. St L & W 4s.. 73H !
I Cons Tobacco 4s. 64 j Union Pacific 4s. .105%
i Co'n & So 4s «i I Do conv 4s... . .102%
C F &. I con 5s. 71 US Steel 2d 5s.. 7S% '¦
i Den & Rio Q 4s.l00 J Waoas-h lsts .....115V, :
j Erie prior lien 4s. 9S^I Do deb B 53>4h
po gen 4s 84%IW *. L Erie 4s... 91>4
! F V.' & D C lsts.ltHMWis Central 4*... S0%
Hock Val 4V-Vs... 107^1
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. ;
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 25! Ontario 3 jl
Breece lOiOphir 2 40
Eruns Con OSIPhoenix li>
Com Tunnel CS Potosl i«
Con Cal & Va... 1 05t Savage * 25
Horn Silver 1 45i Sierra Nevada 22
Iron Silver 1 5f>| Small Hopes 21
L^advillo Con ... 02> Standard 2 CO
PEARS — Bartlett. 75.090c for wrapped; la
©pon boxes. $30 per ton for No. 1 and 35<£50e
per box- for No. 2; Dearborn Seedlings. 25®50c
per small box or ' basket and 75<390c for open
boxes.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 40®60c; large open
boxes, 7Scg$l 25; baskets 25@50c.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 5O©75c per crate
and 23<340c oer box; In bulk, $20 per ton for
canning varieties.
FIGS— $1 5O#2 for double layer and 6S-273C
for single layer boxes.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. crates from the
river, ' $1 73<§2; frcra other sections. $125^2;
Nutmeg Melons from the river, $101 25 per
box: Watermelons. $1@3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Seedless. 75c®$l per box or crate;
Fontalnebleau. 50©75c per crate; other varie
ties. 75crrf$l 25 D«r crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 30©2 50 per
box for Valencia.* and $1 23®1 SO for Mediter
ranean Sweets; Lemons, S2 25©2 75 for fancy.
$1 50@l 75 for choice and Jl£l 25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit, $131 50; Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas, $123<$2 5O per
bunch for Central American and $1©2 for Hi.
watian; Pineapples. $1 5002 50 per dczea.
APPLES — $1®I 25 per bo* for fancy and
50©S5c for common to choice: • Crab Apples,
SOgvOc for small boxes and $101 23 for largs
open boxes.
APRICOTS — Small boxes and crates. SOS'Wc
in bulk. S3OS40 per ton to canners and 2t?2He
per Ib to the trade.
The general tone of the fruit market was
one of easiness, as local trade was .of a light
jobbing character and there was very little
movement in shipping chancels. Receipts of
Apricot3 and Figs continued light and those
descriptions were, active at ' firm prices, while
other fruits were In free supply and generally
weak. Bartlett Pears were abundant, with the
canner3 purchasing at the quotations. Fancy
wrapped stock way very weak and prices had
a further decline. The Apple market was
heavily supplied. an-J quiet at unchanged rates,
and Plums were weak, owing to the abun
dance of low grade fruit. Receipts of Peaches
In small boxes were- heavy and Included much
poor stack, which had a depressing effect on
the sale of good fruit. The ruling price, for
small boxes was 50c and dealers were unable
to dean up at that figure. Basket fruit was
hard to sell, although offered at greatly re
duced prices.. Melons were in fair request and
some extra large "Watermelons from Indlo com
manded a premium of 11 per dozen. Grapes
were plentiful and continued to drag at un
steady rates. There were no Blackberries re
ceived ' from the Sebastopol region and ' the
market cleaned up better than fcr some little
whil«» The other Berries cleaned up well at
good prices. Citrus and Tropical fruits stood
as previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— $5®7 per chest for Long
worths, $4®5 for Alvlso Berries and $2 50<g-4
for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES— S4S3 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5004 per chesC
RASPBERRIES — J5©S p«r chest. •
* HUCKLEBERRIES — lWgllc per Ib.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85^4
Sterling Exchange, sight . — 4 S8V4
Sterling -Exchange, cables........ — 4 89*i
New York Exchange, sight.. — . — 07*4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 5SV»
Mexican Dollars 48 @ 46ft
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico. 216
Berlin on London.. .-; 2O.45>4
Paris on London... 2t."i> 3
LOCAL.
Stirling and European Exchange are higher.
Exchange and Bullion.
prime " 5% ©6c; choice, 6*i®6$ic; fancy. 7@
7fcc ' ¦• . .' . ' : ~ "'•'-' '-:'--•'
PRUNES — There Is a limited Jobbing de
mand for epot prunes and stocks - are not
heavy, so that the tone is steady in spite of
the unsatisfactory position of futures. Quo
tations range from 2c to G'Ac. according to
APRICOTS — Are not attracting much at
tention for future shipment, but spot supplies
are being pretty well cleaned up and the
market for this delivery rules firm. Choice
are quoted at 9*4@lCc: extra choice at 10UQ
10'4c and fancy at ll@13c.
PEACHES — Are in practically the same po
sition as apricots from a trade standpoint-
Choice are -quoted at 7@7*4c; extra choice,
TUSSc; fancy. 9*4®10c.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 20©ilc
for extras and 10c for firsts; dairy. 17019c;
etore Butter. 14@16c; Eastern creamery. 194©
20c: Eastern. ladle-packed. UQlZ¥tC per lb.
CHEESE— 8@S*r4c for choice mild new and
SffSVjc for tower grades; Young Americas. 11©
11 %c; Eastern. 10<g:i5c: Utah, 12o per Ib.
EGGS-^Ranch 22^!gC4c for fair and 25-©27c
for choice; store, 10®21e; Eastern. 20@22^c
for firsts and 1S&S19C for seconds. • ¦ />•¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, JULY 20, 1904
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
SEATTLE, July 25.— Clearings, I245.070*
balances. $164,088.
CTACOMA. July 25.— Clearing, $351,168
balances. S47.661. >
PORTLAND, July 25. — Clearings, $527,649
balances, 594,471.
SPOKANE, July 25.— Clearings, $326,973;
balances. I34.6S0.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
1 fe» fc» fe
TO-UOSSOW.
Wednesday, July 27
I will sell at PUBLIC AUCTION
THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THE PALO
ALTO LIVER r STABLE.
320 O'JARRELL ST.. bet. Mason aad Taylor,
Conciatrr.g of 57 ALL-PCRPOSE HORSES.
S3 VEHICLES. BUSINESS BUGGIES, SUR-
REYS. 3-SEATER3. BUSES. WAGONETTES,
all kinds of WAGONS. «0 SETS OF HAR-
NESS. ROBE3. WHIPS, BARN FTXTUP.E3.
This sale Is positive: no reserve or limit: mast
be sold, a* building is being remodeled for
other parposes and onast vacate at oace.
WM. CLOUGH. Ancttonw.
*v_ SPECIAL AUCTION SALE— ARCADI
*-*fr HORSE MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY, July 27. at 11 a. ia. I win «ell
2*7 head of good driving horses; also a lot of
good draft hcrses. baggies, wagfens and har-
nesa. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
-" >^
I will sen at auction 40 head of aH-pnrpo—
horses, 40 sets of harness, also a lar«» stock
1 of camp, express and peddling wagons, at 1140
FOLSO3J ST.. TUESDAY. Jnly 28, at 11 a. m.Two strong points : Good ¦: printing-, : better J
service. - Edward Knowlea Co., 24 Second »t. • -
Drummers for "Old Gilt Edge Whiskey" al
ways have "the best the town affords." They
•wry It with them, in fact. *
BIRMINGHAM, .Ala., . July 25.—
The district convention, of the United
Mine Workers to-day ordered a strike,
which affected 6000 men. Differences
over, wages, hours .. of work .and dif
ferentials "are the cause of the strike.
Alabama Miners on Strike.
BLOOMINGTON, 111.", July 25.—Col
onel L. F. Copeland of Harrisburg, Pa.,
famous as a Chautauqua and | Lyceum
lecturer, died;suddehlyyto-day, aged 63
years. He waa prostrated with nervous
congestion after lecturing rat Bloom
ington Chautauqua on Saturday.
Famous IJecturer, Is Dead.
SAXTA\ CRUZ. July 25.— The Chris
tian Women's Board of Missions is
holding its anunal convention to-day at
Garfleld Park. The members have been
hearing: from the missionary field.
Mrs. M. J. Hartley of Berkeley, the
president, presided. The devotional ex
ercises were conducted by! Mrs. Alice
Murphy of Petaluma. Mrs. A. M. Yar
nall of San Jose, the secretary, gave
her report, as did the State organizer,
Mrs. Julia K. Shrou^ of Woodland. The
address of the president, . Mrs. . M. j.
Hartley, was received with much en
thusiasm.
MISSION* WOMEN IN^*
SESSION* AT SAXTA~ CRUZ
PORTLANP, . July- 25.— Indications
are that the' Oregon hop crop will
amount to .about 90,000 bales, or in the
neighborhood .of 15,000 bales less than
last year. The season has been un
favorable, the ; long dry spell which oc
curred, last month very nearly causing
a failure. The quality of the hops la
exceptionally good, however, and there
has been such- an absence of lice owing
to the n warm; weather that many, grow
ers have^ found little or no necessity
for spraying.-
Good prices seem to be. assured, sev
eral growers? reporting, offers by the
brokers to contract at. 20 cents.
Which Is L<ess ' Than That r of
! Lost 'Year. t •
Crop May Amount to 90,000 Bales,
SEASON IN OREGON IS *
UNFAVORABLE FOR HOPS
TUCSON, Ariz., July 25.— D. . M.'
Penny, a Tucson lawyer of prominence,
narrowly escaped death Sunday night
at the. hands of an unknown robber,
who was. caught in the act. of leaving
the place with [ his loot. As ' Penny,
whose family is' In' California, . was
about to enter his house,- he met- the
robber and the latter opened " flre,
knocking -a law book out of his hand
and putting a bullet through his coat
between arm and bojdy. >Ab the. robber
turned and fled; Penny reached 1 for his
own gun and sent three bullets after
the fleeing burglar, but none took ef
fect. ' • ¦ •¦ .-. ¦ ' • ir-'-i
He Enters Ills House and i Has
Narrow Escape. '
Tucson Iiawyer Meets a Burglar as
ROBBER I SHOOTS . WHEN
CAUGHT AT HIS WORK
SEATTLE, July 25.— The members of
the Congressional committee appointed
to investigate conditions of t the mer*
chant marine epenj the day • to-day
cruising about Puget Sound, visiting
various shipyards, ports and the navy
yard. The party, accompanied by a
number of prominent Seattle citizens,
went aboard the steamer Malnlander
at 10 o'clock in the morning: and re
mained out until 7 p. m.. Inspecting the
work at Moran Bros, and Eagle Harbor
shipyards, the lumber shipping indus
try at Port Blakeley and Governmitat
work at the navy yard.
To-morrow morning the business ses
sions of the committee open and two
days will be devoted to the hearing of
evidence on conditions of the American
merchant marine. -
Members of Merchant Marine Body
Visit Many riaces of Interest
.. . in the North.
CONGRESSIONAL CO3IMITTEE
ON SIGHTSEEING TOUR
quired the Issuance of a new bond. The
defendant, with his attorneys, met at
Judge Lawlor's residence at 10S4 Sutter
street, where Charles S. Laumeister
and J. C. Franks, his former sureties,
again qualified for $10,000. No date has
as yet been set for a rehearing of the
case. The trial of Herman Eppinger la
set for Saturday, but will probably be
postponed.
Some of the witnesses who came from
points in Alameda and Contra Costa
counties objected to the fees allowed
them by the court. In addition to thetr
$1 50 a day witness fees they wanted
mileage at the rate of 10 cents a mile.
but the vouchers offered them allowed
this rate for only one trip, the regular
railway rates only being allowed for
the other days.
REDDING, July 23.— The unidentified
Shasta County miner who was killed at
Cripple Creek. Colo., Saturday morning
by being struck by a train proves to
be James Eustis. well known in Red
ding, both as a miner and a stationary
engineer. A peculiar deficiency as to
his toes establishes his identity beyond
a doubt.
Dead Miner Identified.
Judge Lawlor, addressing Dunne,
said:
"The , court wilKnot tolerate such
language in this tribunal from you or
The attorneys for the defense -were
evidently dissatisfied with these an
swers and .Attorney Dunne | was on his
feet .'the moment the .-. Judge , ceased
reading. "These questions,"- he said,
y "go to a pivotal point In the matter
and should be more fully discussed."
The Judge said that any further dis
cussion at that time would be Improp
er. He- also refused to the or
iginal instructions to the jury to which
Dunne took exception. -' * .
' Bernard Gallagher then arose from
his seat In; the Jury box and ¦informed
the court that he was positive it would
be Impossible for the jury to agree
upon a verdict. Jurors Shannon . and
Hasshagen also arose and made simi
lar statements. ' ~
Just as.. : the, door 'closed upon the
jurymen Attorney Dunne made the
statement which' brought forth the re
buke from' Judge Lawlor. Dunne ac
cused the court of a breach of faith,
inasmuch as a promise had been made
to answer a question propounded by
Juror Shannon and this promise, Dunne
said, had not been kept. District At
torney „ Byington, who has had many a
spat with Dunne during the trial;
sprang to his feet and characterized
the remarks of the opposing counsel
as misconduct, meriting the rebuke 'of
the court. . \\
ATTORNEY REBUKED.
DUNNE OBJECTS. 1 ><
both sides formed part of the instruc
tion to the jury and should be consid
ered. Judge Lawlor announced that he
would render a decision and. advise the
jury later in the day and the jurors
were returned to their room to resume
balloting. ¦
At 3 o'clock they were recalled and
Judge Lawlor announced that in ad
dition to previous instructions he would
read the act referring to warehouses
and warehouse receipts. This act pro
vides among other things that no ware
house man shall issue a receipt for
goods unless such goods have, 'been
actually received and that no ware
house shall Issue a voucher unless the
goods are in the store.' The law. also
provides that no portion of the goods
in a warehouse shall be moved without
the written consent of the owner. . In
conclusion the court said it- was the
duty of the jury to consider all. the
testimony with the exception of that
which had been ' ordered stricken from'
the record. The question whether or
not Jacob Eppinger visited the Inter
national Bank on April 10. the court
ruled was a matter for the jury, to con
sider and one' on" which he could not
advise. ¦ -
San Francisco Chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Architects held ;\
meeting in its rooms in the Phelan
building yesterday afternoon for the
purpose of discussing the terms of the
programme of the proposed compe
tition for the new school buildings to
be erected In Oakland. After a de
bate a committee of five, consisting of
Henry A. Schulze, Lionel Deane, Wil
liam Mooser. Sylvian Schnaittacher
and J. W. Dolliver was appointed.
This committee was ordered to Inves
tigate and report back to a meeting of
the chapter to be held Friday, July
29, at 10 a. m.
Architects to Compete.
Mrs. Ackerman Is troken-hearted
over the death of the husband whom
she loved despite his failings. "He was
led astray," she sobbed. "He was a
good man/ and an honorable one, if he
had not/been induced to drink.".' "But 1
he has paid the price In full." < •'¦•- .
Mrs. Ackerman is very bitter
the man and the:two;women who were
with, her. husband on his -last "debauch.
She blames them 'for every thlngn .
Because I am afraid that .employment on
nny rfhlp will be out of question for the pres
ent. ¦ . , »..
I do this for these reasons: •¦ To enable my
beloved wife to secure my life insurance, as
she is almost penniless.
To save her from the discrace of living
with a man who has behaved as I have.
To show my friends that I thoroughly Tin
derstand the enormity of the offenses that I
lately committed.
Ackerman rented a room at the Gold
en West Hotel that evening. Yester
day morning he was found cold in
death. He had taken laudanum.
In the room was found a letter to his
union chiding its members .for their
lack of charity and asking them to "fee
more lenient with erring brothers in
the future.. His letter to his attorney
gave his pathetic reasons for ending
his life. It was dated first on the sev
enteenth and later on the twenty
fourth, showing that' he had been con
templating the tragic step for a week.
The letter reads in substance: ;
On Sunday morning he kissed his
wife good-by and left the house. "If
you nev£r see me again," he said, '"you
will know what has happened."
the California Masters* and Pilots' As
sociation, shamed and repentant. It
seemed to him that his brother marin
ers were cold and distant. That was
the last straw.
His faithful wife had forgiven him
and promised to stand by him. But he
felt that he was disgraced in the eyes
of men. He returned to his home and
counted the price of his folly. The
caresses of his wronged wife were
coals of -fire on his head and he felt*
that, his disgrace could, only be for
gotten in death.
. Stung by remorse and unstrung by a
two w-eeks' debauch, Captain Carl Ack
ennan of the steam schooner Prentlss
ended his life yesterday at the Golden
West Hotel. Before he took this step
he made restitution in full of the funds
he hatl misappropriated, and assured
himself that the faithful wife whom he
htd neglected was fully provided for.
A ckerman's history is the pathetic
story of a man, honest at heart, lured
by the ephemeral pleasures of the half
world from the paths of duty. ' Led by
designing companions, he flung about
with reckless prodigality money which
was not his, set the wine corks popping
to please . a pair of painted vampires
and forgot his work and his wife. He
has paid the price in full /with the sav
ings of years and his life. .
About* two weeks ago Captain Acker
man arrived here from Los Angeles on
the steamer Prentlss. With. him were
a man named Alex Wise and two wom
en. The owners of the vessel" repri
manded the master . for bringing . pas
sengers without consulting th«» firm.
Ackerman .was piqued' by 'the rebuke
and disappeared with $800 with which
he was.to pay his men., Recklessly he
lost himself among >the flotsam of the
tenderloin. A few drinks jstole his rea
son and magnified his troubles. ' Lured
by two graceless women, he threw his
employers' money to the harpies.
When Ackerman became partially so
ber he realized what he had done find
appealed to his wife, Mrs. Agnes Ack
erman of 84 South Park. She remained
faithful .to him in spite of everything.
She drew, from the bank the little sav
ings they had stored away and paid
Gray Bros., her husband's employers,
the entire "¦ amount mlsapproprited by
him, in addition to $122 detectives' fees
they had spent in looking for him. Last
Friday. Ackerman consulted his lawyer,
Charles Naylor, and arranged the mat
ter of restitution. Everything was paid
in full. •
Then ATckerman went to the rooms of
MAN "WHO. AFTER MAKING RESTITUTION OF MONEY HE HAD MISAPPRO
PRIATED WHILE DRUNK. KILLED HIMSELF IN ORDER THAT ' HIS XVIFE
MIGHT BE PROVIDED FOR. AND THE GRIEF-STRICKEN WIDOW.
A woman screaming for help while
she r held a youth suspended from, an
open second-story window at 952 Pine
street yesterday morning led some peo
ple to teleDhone to the Central police
sf.atijn that a burglar was in the grasp
of a woman at that address. Policemen
Dougherty and Mahoney were driven to
the place in the patrol wagon and soon
had the suspended youth dragged back
into the room.
The boy was Teortono Cona3 Cruz,
15 years of age, a native of Manila. Ho
came here two years ago to attend An
derson's Academy at Irvington prepar
atory to taking a course of civil en
gineering at the State University. He
has been living with Mrs. Florence
Jones during the vacation term.
Since * the boy's arrival* here his
parents and brothers and sisters have
The failure, to convict or acquit re-
died of an epidemic of fever. Their loss
had so preyed upon his mind that he
began to show signs of mental aberra
tion. He was closely watched, but
while Mrs.. Jones was absent from his
room for about a minute yesterday
morning he attempted. to Jump out of
the window, which is on the second
story. She was in time to seize one of
his wrists. She cried for help and held
him till the two policemen arrived.
They wanted to send him to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, but Mrs.
Jones demurred and sent for her own
physician. After examining the youth
the doctor said the case was not an in
curable one and that the boy would be
all right in a few weeks with proper
c«re.
Mrs. Jones says the boy is heir to a
rich estate in Manila, where his father
was a prominent physician.
any other attorney. The court has
labored night and day to see that the
rights of your client was protected and
will not view with complaisance any
such remark as you have made."
This closed the incident for the time
and the Judge resumed the trial of a
grand larceny case while the jurors
were balloting in an adjoining room.
Shortly before 7 o'clock the jury was
recalled and the formal question,
"Have you arrived at a verdict?" pro
pounded. Foreman McAvoy answered
in the negative and in reply to a ques
tion as to whether they had disagreed
on. a matter "of law or fact responded
that it was neither— all the jurors knew
what the law was, there was no ques
tionNas to evidence, but they had made
up their minds and nothing could in
duce any man to change his vote.
District Attorney Byington for the
prosecution and Henry Ach for the de
fense, expressed themselves as satisfied
that the jury be discharged. The twelve
men who have been locked up since
June 6 were then allowed to return to
their homes and were excused from
further duty in Judge Lawlor's court.
Just before leaving the Jury box Hen
ry Muus arose and asked that a poll "be
taken", so that each man might place
himself 'on record. District Attorney 1
Bylngton warmly seconded the sugges
tion, saying j [ that every man who
wished to express his opinion and show
his manhood should have an opportu
nity of doing so. Judge Lawlor ruled
that as the Jury, was already dis
charged the matter was beyond his
jurisdiction, but the Individuals might
declare themselves as they chose before
the public.
NEW BONDS ISSUED.
YOUNG FILIPINO BOY, WHO TRIED TO KILL. HIMSELF BY JUMPING FROM A
WINDOW WHILE TEMPORARILY INSANE FROM GRIEF, AND THE BRAVE
WOMAN WHO SAVED HIS LIFE.
Juror Shannon then arose and asked
whether or not all the instructions of
The jury In the case of Jacob Ep
pinger, charged with obtaining money
by false pretenses, was discharged by
Judge Lawlor last night, as it seemed
impossible for the jurors -to agree
upon n verdict. Throughout the last
day and a half of its deliberations the
jury stood seven for acquittal and five
for conviction. On the earlier votes
it stood gix to sLv. During the day
a stinging rebuke was administered to
Attorney Peter F. Dunne of ' counsel
for the defense by Judge Lawlor. The
case has already cost the State thou
sands of dollars and a retrial will swell
the amount.
The jurors voted as follows: For
conviction — Goldwin McAvoy, John E.
Sills, John T. Blake, Julian R. Fair
weather and Henry Muus; for ac
quittal — William Pilger, John Mann
ing, John F. Plumbe, John G. Hass
liagen, Peter Shannon, James Gibney
and Bernard Gallagher. Pilger at first
voted for conviction, but afterward
changed and voted to acquit.
From the time the Jacob Eppinger Jury
went out at 5 o'clock Friday afternoon
not a. word was heard from it until
Judge Lawlor summoned the talesmen
into the Jury box yesterday morning.
Clerk Martin asked if they had agreed
upon ¦ a verdict and Foreman McAvoy
said they had not. In response to a
question from Judge Lawlor as to
whether the jury was divided on a'mat
ter of law or fact McAvoy replied that
there was some doubt in the minds of
the jurors as to the considerations of
warehouse matters and there was also
question regarding certain evidence
and what the Jurors might consider
and what not. The point, according to
the. foreman, was whether the fact that
Eppinger was or was not in the bank
ing-house of the International Banking
Corporation at a given time and date
should be considered in advance of all
other evidence.
JURORS IX DOUBT.
On First Ballot Jurors Are
Evenly Divided, but One
of the Talesmen Changes
Vote to- Favor Defendant
When Mrs. Cordelia Botkla waa aske<2
to plead In Judge Dunne's court yester
day to the charge of murdering Mrs.
Ida Henrietta Deane on August 11. 1S0S.
by sending a box of poisoned candy to
her sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning, at
Dover, Del., she stood up and In a loud
and emphatic tone of voice said, "I am
not guilty."
Prior to that Incident her attorney,
Reece Clark, interposed a demurrer to
the Information. He argued that In no
part of the civilized world has It been
held that murder can be committed In
parts. It waa alleged that the defend
ant had prepared a box of poisoned
candy In this county and had sent it to
Jl)over, Del., but that act of prepara
tion did not give this county Jurisdic
tion over the defendant. >Hs also ar
gued that the complaint was defective
because it did not designate the char
acter of the poison, nor was there any
thing to show how Mrs. Deane got the
poison. He concluded by moving for
the discharge of the defendant on the
ground that the Information was not
filed within thirty days 'after the de
.fendant was held to answer, that the
court reporter's notes had not yet been
transcribed and that the complaint had
been sworn to on information and be
lief.
District Attorney Byington briefly re
plied that he had been endeavoring for
two year3 to procure \he transcriptions
in cases prior to the filing- of the Infor
mation, but without success.
The Judge said If the court reporters
could not perform the duties of their
office they should resign. They were
crying out for more salary, and yet
they were always behind in their work-
Clark said he had a suggestion to of
fer which came from the defendant.
She desired the case transferred to
Judge Cook's court, as he had already
tried her twice and she thought the
case would be carried through more ex
peditiously in that court.
The Judge said the trial would be
carried on just as expeditiously la his
court and he could not adopt the sug
gestion.
After further discussion Clark with
drew his motion to discharge the de
fendant and submitted the demurrer.
The Judge overruled the demurrer and .
formally denied the motion to dis
charge.
Clark said the information had been
filed on May 26 and the sixty days
within which the trial should take plac«
would expire to-day. He demanded aii
immediate trial.
District Attorney Bylngton suggested
August 15 and hoped that the defense
would be ready to proceed at that time,
as he would bring sufficient witnesses
from Delaware to establish the defend
ant's guilt. The Judge continued the
case to that date.
On August 8 Judge Cook will render
his decision on the defendant's motion
for a new trial in the case in which she
was convicted of the murder of Mrs.
Dunning.
In the case of Mrs. E. J. Nelson of
526 Natoma street, whose distress was
brought before the Congregational min
isters last week, as reported in The
Call, the Congregational clergy have
given the matter the fullest attention.
Mrs. Nelson has been supplied with a
nurse and a subscription among the
clergy may be taken up with the ob
ject of sending her to the country for
several weeks.
At the meeting of the Presbyterian
Ministers' Association at Presbyterian
House, Sacramento street, yesterday,
the Rev. W. J. Fisher spoke on the
union of the Cumberland and the
Northern and Southern Presbyterian
churches as suggested at the recent
General Assembly.
During the absence of the Rev. "Wil
liam Rader in London, Dr. Kantner of
Salem, Ore., will supply the pulpit at
the Third Congregational Church, be
ginning July 31. • s~
Biblical criticifm is simply a study of the
literature of hrael. Let all the facts of that
history b«> brought out. The presence of God
in that literature would not thereby be any
Che less, but all the more clearly perceived.
To doubt that is to doubt God's presence in it.
To fight against th» higher criticism Is one
forfti of lighting against God.
Bo, too, God is present In the human mind
«nd Ko working, and in the history and pro
gress of humanity.
BRING OUT ALL FACTS.
Purpose that we had a complete scientific
history of nature, and suppose that that hie
tory revealed a growth, or development of
r.iiurf, ttouI.1 that leave out God? Not at all.
It wr.uld tell us? all the more about God"s
working*. Ard y«t as soon as the name "evo
lution" is given to this history there is an
outcry sjrcJnst it within the church, as If God
"re iefv out. I call that skepticism — the
doubting of God's presence in nature.
In the different compartment* of the human
mint tb«re are orten found opinions that have
E*-ver been brought together to test their con
tlstency with each other. Though mutually
hostile thrt>e opinions are, nevertheless, per
sistently maintained, the holder.^-of cour«e.
beinc unconscious of the antaconlsm.
We all agrf« in the belter that God is In
hj« world and manifests himself through it.
Science iuiF fcr its work the investigation of
the v..iys of God's working.
In ii.il that science discovert we see the
methods <»f divine asmcy. TV> do not see God
<Jir*>ct!y, yet we ail believe that h« Is at work
in nature. If science could tell us the whole
t-tory of his working we should know more
about hin;.
'•Scepticism in the Church" was the
subject of an address delivered yes
terday by the Rev. F. A. Bissell before
the Congregational Ministers' Associa
tion at" Congregational headquarters,
Y, M. C. A. building.
The Rev. Mr. Bissell said in part:
The doctor declared that there is in
the Chinese as a people the making oi
solid manhood. They are fundamen
tally honest in all their dealings and
they have characteristics that will
make a success even under the condi
tions in fcwhich they live to-day. Dr.
Simester said that the Chinese has a
physical makeup that no other people
outside of the Anglo-Saxon possesses.
This he accounted for by the fact that
from birth John is enured to hard
chips, thereby being enabled to with
stand climatic changes or whatever
conditions he may be called upon to
face. In all his characteristics, said
Dr. Simester, the Chinese are Anglo-
Saxon. As business men they are
acute, sharp, progressive and are up
to a . bargain and whatever bargain
they make they will stand by. Many
people who speak against Chinese in
tegrity and their business methods,
eaid the doctor, have, never even seen
Chinese beyond the deck of a steamer.
Speaking of social conditions in
China, Dr. Simester said that Anglo-
Saxon or Chinese women are so safe in
any part of the land, with the excep
tion, perhaps, of Shanghai, that they
can go unchaperoned or without male
attendance through any city after
dark, fearless of harm or insult.
SKEPTICS IX THE CHURCH.
Dr. Simester comes from the Anglo-
Chinese School in Foochow, China,
•where for years he has been engaged
in educational work. His estimation
of the Chinese is extremely flattering
and was given to the members of the
Methodist Ministers' Association that
met in Epworth Hall yesterday morn
ing.
Dr. James Simester sees a resem
blance between the Chinese and the
Anglo-Saxon, if not in complexion cer
tainly in endurance, indomitable pluck
and determination.
LAWLOB REBUKES
ATTORNEY DUNNE
Bev. F. A. Bissell Comes Out
Fearlessly in a Defense
of the Higher Criticism
Insists Upon an Immediate
Trial, but Judge Continues
the Case Till August 15
HEE TONE IS EMPHATIC
Seven of the Twelve Men Im
paneled Believe the Aged
Grain King to Be Inno
cent of Intent to Defraud
OEIENTAL IS HOXEST
Dr. J. Simester Sees in the
Spirit of the Two Peoples
a Most Marked Similarity
3Irs. Cordelia BotMn Makes
Plea of Innocence to a
Second Charge of Murder
Teortono Conas Cruz, Native of Manila,
Becomes Insane From Grief and Tries
to Jump Out of Second Story Window
G APTA I N PAYS IN FULL
AND ENDS RUINED LIFE
Carl Ackerman, After Long Dissipation, in
Fit .. of Remorse Drinks Laudanum-
Leaves Wronged Wife Provided. For
EPPINGER
JURY FAILS
TO AGREE
CHINESE LIKE
ANGLO-SAXON
AGAIN PLEADS
"NOT GUILTY"
WOMAN SAVES BOY FROM
LEAPING TO HIS DEATH
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, JULY 26, 1904.
16
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tha ORIOINAL rtmedy that "kills the DandrnM Ocnn.**
LIKE THE PARDON come * whil « llfe s!il > remains In the Wild**. th»
¦ J" w . o T ., « M " U WW hair I* treed from disease and befins Its natural
Newbro i Herplclde can come too lat*. If the jrrowth aeatn. Don't nertect dandruff or falling
dandVuff microbe has destroyed the hair follicles hair. Wonderful results follow the us* of H«rpl-
and left the scalp bald snd shining all remedies are clde. It is an exquisite hair dressing. Stops
worthies!. But. Ilk* the pardon. If Herplclde Itchln* of the scalp .Instantly
<£O1NO.! GOING'S! GONE HI
. ittMCUK WSU W!£ IT. RtTtCiBE WU SATE IT. -TOO UTE fM KtfiCBL
Bni torn, $1.W. Sen tfc, stnp, toStfUOE CO, tepl t, Setratt. Mici. tor i uapH
f AJPUOATIOyS AT P»OHrWHJ»T BABBEB SHOPS.
Dandruff Is a contagious dttcaAf caused by a microbe.
* Maw ?v &9ii\*\j' \j> b Hiwj»\ir l^i£/JkV
MARKS BROS. _^
DoubleValue
_ Day—
NEVER BEFORE EQUALED.
Keep In mind MARKS BROS.' DOUBLE
VALUE yDAYS and that the Savings are
Cash Savings. We've cut Prices to-day o£
goods displayed on our Center Counters to
absolutely HALF, and you receive the
benefit the moment you buy.
All the broken lines— all the odds and
ende — all the balance of the small lots — all
remnant lots — all excess stocks of every
kind to be disposed of. As fast as one lot
of Roods goes another from the etockrooms
takes its place.
COME TO-DAY AND PUT THESE VALUES
TO THE TEST.
One of our DOUBLE VALUE LEADERS
for to-day Is this GIRL'S WHITE APRON,
as pictured: made of an excellent quality
of lawn, beautifully trimmed in EM-
BROIDERY.
Sizes. I/I -\1MOE3
6toi4yr5./| \ \\ m y^
We quote Just a few prices, so that you
can see how the reductions run:
18c for 35c Muslin Drawers.
21c for 45c Muslin Drawers. 1
45c for 75c Muslin Drawers.
19c for 35c Corset Covers.
39c for 75c Muslin Night Gowns.
69c for $1.00 Muslin Night Gowns.
42c for 75c Child's School Dresses.
65c for $1.25 Child's School Dresses.
39c for 75c Women's Waists.
58c for $1.00 Women's Waists.
85c for $1.50 Women's Waists.*
5c for 10c Embroidery.
1 Oc for 20c Embroidery.
3c for 5c Lace. •
5c for 10c. Lace. .
24c for $1.00 Purses and Bags.
49c for $1.50 Purses and Bags.
$2.50 for $4.95 Dress Skirts.
MARKS~BICOS.
1220-1222M24 Market M