LONDON, July 20. — Undoubtedly the object of the Vladivostok
squadron in passing into the Pacific Ocean from the Sea of Japan is to intercept
liners sailing from Western United States ports having on board cargoes of food
and other contraband for Japan, News of the seizures of vessels of this class
may be expected.
VLADIVOSTOK SHIPS
TO ATTEMPT SEIZURE
OF PACIFIC LINERS
POWERS PROTESTS
ALARM THE CZAR
FINAL NOTE GOES
TO THE HOLY SEE
CHICAGO, July 20. — Through the action of the allied crafts at the
stockyards the packing-house strike was settled to-night. All questions arc left
to an arbitration board, mid the packers will take back all of the strikers within
forty-five days. The plants will be operated to their full capacity, beginning to
morrow morning.
PARIS. July 20. — Action has been taken by Foreign Minister Del
casse which means a complete^sevcrancc of relations betzcecn France and the
Vatican. In what is practically an iUtimdtum a demand is made that the Pope
withdraw letters calling for the resignation of French Bishops. The demand is
certain to be rejected.
PACKERS AND UNION
REACH AGREEMENT
ENDING THE STRIKE
FRENCH ULTIMATUM
TO VATICAN MEANS
THE FINAL RUPTURE
FRENCH DIPLOMAT WHO HAS BENT AN ULTIMATUM TO THE VATICAN
AND THE ROMAN PONTIFF WHO IS DETERMINED TO ENFORCE OBEDI
ENCE UPON CATHOLIC BISHOPS IN FRANCE.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
TOKIO, July 20. — According to
prisoners and witnesses the Russians
lost upward of 2000 men in the fight
ing at Motlen Pass last Sunday. The
Japanese have buried 200 Rusian
dead. Russian ambulances came up
to the firing line during the fighting
and skillfully removed wounded and
dead. The Japanese made fifty-one
prisoners, including thirty-nine
wounded.
COST OF THE RECONNAISSANCE.
DYNAMITERS WRECK
A WASHINGTON HOTEL
Quantity of Explosive Is Placed Under
a Stairway and Side of Building
Is Blown Outl
CHEHALIS, Wash., Jul. 20.— A re
port has reached here, from Peel, twen
ty-five miles west of thia place, of a
dynamite outrage which occurred there
early to-day. A quantity of dynamite
was exploded under the stairway of the
Prlgmore Hotel and one side of the
building was blown out.
BUTTE, Mont, July 20.-— A petition
in insolvency filed in the Federal court
by Peter Daniels, a clerk of Deer
Lodge, proves Daniels to have been a
record-breaking borrower. His sched
ule shows that his debts amount to
$17,236. Of this amount, all except
$199 is scheduled as either "borrowed
money" or "promissory note." His
assets amount to $4250
Clerk Files Petition in Bankruptcy
Showing Debts . to Be More ,.
That $17,000.
BUTTE HAS A RECORD
BREAKING BORROWER
HUSBAND IS ACCUSED
OF MURDERING WIFE
Santa Monica Police Work on Theory
That Mrs. Johnson's Death Was
Not Accidental.
SANTA MONICA, July 20. — Oliver
Johnson, the colored man, whose
wife's body was found yesterday morn
ing at the foot of a steep bluff fringing
the ocean, is under arrest and charged
with her murder.
The police believe that Johnson,
who has told many contradictory
stories concerning his wife's death,
quarreled with her and knocked her
down the bluff.
Want Damages for Having Hair Cut.
SAN DIEGO. July 20.— In the Su
perior Court to-day suits were brought
by three Tuma Indians against Agent
John F. Spear, stationed at Fort
Tuma. Each of the Indians asks
$6000 damages, because, as they al
lege, the agent cut off their long hair.
resentatlons to the Sultan of Turkey
regarding his responsibility in allowing
the volunteer steamships to pass the
Dardanelles is not known in St. Peters
burg, but there is the best reason for
stating that such is not the case.
Great Britain has no Intention of re
opening the Dardanelles problem, ex
cept, possibly, as a' last resort.
The unyielding attitude on the part
of Great Britain at this time, in view
of the deep-seated and long standing
enmity existing in Russia against her,
which is now likely to be revived with
all intensity, would be exceedingly un
fortunate. It would greatly aggravate
the situation, and the diplomats with
one accord deprecate the talk of Seri
ous international complications.
All the embassies and legations tele
graphed the news to their Governments
and to-night the wires' between St.
Petersburg and Port Said were hot
with messages. .
Sir Charles Hardlnge, the British
Embassador to Russia, presented Great
Britain's protest this afternoon. Great
Britain claims that the Malacca was
carrying 300 tons of British Govern
ment stores for the naval establish
ment at Hongkong, each case of which
was marked by the broad arrow, which
LOUISVILLE, July 20. — At the
stockholders' meeting of the Southern
Pacific Company, held at Behrmont
td-day, 1,520,000 of 1,978,000 shares of
stock were represented by proxies In
the hands of Judge Humphrey, who
acted as chairman. A resolution in
creasing the capital stock of the com
pany one hundred million dollars by
the issue of preferred stock was
adopted. Attorney J. B. Weaver acted
as secretary. None of the stockhold
ers were present.
Power at 3Ieeting of Southern
Pacific Stockholders.
Judge Humphrey Holds Controlling
ALMOST ALL SHARES
HELD BY CHAIRMAN
GUTHRIE, Ky., July 20.— While
making a tour over the Fair Grounds
here to-day Carrie Nation, the famous
saloon smasher, espied John Williams,
a young man from Trenton, smoking a
cigarette. Incensed by the sight she
hurried up to him and slapped it from
his face.
The experience was a novel one to
the young man and not to his liking.
Producing another cigarette, he
lighted it, at the same time cautioning
Mrs. Nation not to repeat her per
formance. Deaf to his warning, she
knocked the second cigarette from his
face.
Infuriated by this, the young man.
it is alleged, knocked her down and
then lighted his third cigarette in
peace. Mrs. Nation was not seriously
hurt. ' .
Saloon Smasher Slaps a Cigarette
From Man's Lips and Is
Knocked Down.
CARRIE NATION FLOORED
BY IRATE KENTUCKIAN
Detectives intimate a plot of the
employes to steal from one floor and
drop booty on another for a fellow
employe to pick up, thus diverting
suspicion.
NEW YORK, July 20. — Mrs. NelJJe
Quinlan was to-day arrested by de
tectives who were trying to locate jew
elry stolen from Mrs. Macintosh at
the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel on May 2S.
They recovered a ring valued at $2500,
but two others valued at $1000 each
are still missing. The hotel manage
n.« nt is exercising great secrecy about
the affair and detectives were working
without their knowledge. Tha Quin
lan woman claims she was scrubbing
the floor in the hotel when she found
the ring wrapped in a paoer. Not
knowing its value she sold it to a
woman friend for $25. The hotel
management had first said the Mac
intoshes occupied rooms on the fourth
floor, but later said they were on the
tenth floor.
Detectives Recover $2500 Diamond
Ring: From an Employe of the
Waldorf Astoria.
SCRUBWOMAN ARRESTED
FOR STEALING JEWELRY
LONDON. July 20. — The House of
Commons was in session twenty-six
hours discussing the finance bill. Th«
whole night was spent in debate and
in marching to and from the division
rooms, voting on an endless round of
amendments, motions to report prog
ress and motions for adjournment.
Premier Balfour refused to consider
an adjournment and freely used th«
closure, insisting that the committed
stage of the bill must be finished be
fore the House could be permitted to
rise. This was done.
Action of Committee Before
Adjournment.
Premier Resorts to Closure and Forces
DISCUSSES FINANCE FOR
TWENTY-SIX HOURS
Whether Great Britain has followed
up the step taken here by making: rep-
NO PROTEST TO TURKEY.
In the hotels and restaurants the war
was temporarily forgotten and noth
ing except the possibility of complica
tions with GreafBritain was talked of.
The old resentment against Great
Britain, which had been much amelior
ated of late, became revived at the
mere suggestion that that country was
again seeking to balk Russia; but the
official world, which is charged with
vhe responsibility, Is keeping cool and
calm.
provided a blunder was made by the
captain of the St. Petersburg in
mistaking British stores for contra
band : of war, Russia probably will be
prepared to maintain the justice of the
seizure; but if a mistake has been
made, the Government doubtless will
order the Malacca to be set at liberty
and pay the bill for her illegal deten
tion. . ; *
Both powers, while standing on their
rights, will, it Is., believed, do every
thing possible to avoid cause for a rup
ture.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 21.— The
press has been informed that Emperor
Nicholas, In an Interview with Count
Lamsdorff, the Foreign Minister, ex
pressed his displeasure at the turn
events had taken and at the possibility
of complications with Great Britain,
arising out of the detention of British
ships by the Russian volunteer fleet
steamships in the Red Sea. This pa
cific attitude, if the report be correct,
will doubtless lead to an Immediate and
amicable adjustment of the difficulties.
The news that Great Britain has de
livered to Russia a protest against the
capture of the Peninsular and Oriental
steamship Malacca, In terms which are
believed to be almost tantamount to a
demand j for the immediate release of
the vessel, as well as a general pro
test against the action of the Russian
volunteer fleet steamships in stopping
merchantmen in the Red Sea, was not
generally known here to-night, but
this morning's editorial broadside from
the London newspapers, reprinted here
this afternoon, was a sufficient warn
ing of the state of the British mind
and the public became greatly excited.
OLD RESENTMENT REVIVED.
Red Sea Prize
Ships May Be
Released.
PARIS, July 20.— The text of Foreign
Minister Delcasse's note to the Vatican
was communicated to the Council of
Ministers to-day. It creates a decisive
issue, asking for the withdrawal of
the letters by which the Vatican called
for the resignations of the Bishops
of Laval and Dijon. Otherwise all re
lations between France and the Vati
can will be broken off.
A similar notification was communi
cated to the papal nuncio here. ' The
Vatican's answer has not yet been re
ceived. It is expected that the ques
tion will be carefully considered be
fore a reply is given. Therefore the
Council does not expect a determination
of the issue before August. The offi
cials incline to the belief that a rupture
is Inevitable, as unofficial advices from
Rome indicate that the Vatican does
not intend to comply with the request
The Journal des Debats character
izes the note as an ultimatum and says
that unless entire satisfaction is given
a complete rupture will follow imme
diately, the French Embassy to the
Vatican being withdrawn simultane
ously with the delivery of the pass
ports to the nuncio.
"The French Government asks for
the withdrawal pure and simple of the
letters the Vatican addressed to the
Bishops of Laval and Dijon, which are
considered to be a breach of the con
cordat, as France had not previously
been consulted relative to the dismissal
of the Bishops. In default of compli
ance the Holy See is advised that the
pontifical nuncio at Paris will receive
his passports and that relations will
be severed."
to withdraw the letters calling for the
resignations of the Bishops.
The contents of Delcasse's note are
said to be as follows:
LONDON, July 21. — The corre
spondent at Odessa of the Standard,
under date of July 20, says that an
other volunteer fleet steamship pro
ceeded to-night to Sebastopol for coal
and armament preparatory to leaving
the Black Sea. Two of the remaining
five volunteer fleet steamships there
will follow shortly.
LONDON, July 21. — The China Mu
tual' Steam Navigation Company's
steamship Pak Ling is believed to
have been seized In the Red Sea. The
Pak Ling sailed from Mlddlesborough.
England, June 18 and London July 2,
bound for Yokohama. She is a British
owned vessel.
LONDON, July 21.— The Standard's
correspondent with the first Japanese
army, cabling under. date of July 19,
says: "Our right flank has been en
gaged since morning." The corre
spondent of the Times vrfth General
Kurokl's army confirms the Standard
correspondent's report.
TATCHEKIAO, Tuesday, July 19. —
Sharp fighting was reported yesterday
to the northeast, where, it Is said, the
Japanese lost ten guns. Their forces
were hurled bock and their positions
occupied as far as Saimatsze. If this
report be true it Indicates a heavy en
gagement.
Pope Pius Certain to Reject
Demand Made by Delcasse.
DIPLOMAT WHO PRESENTED GREAT
. BRITAIN'S PROTEST TO THE RUS
SIAN GOVERNMENT.
War Bulletins
When the penitentiary was reached
Morales told the whole story. He stated
that at Fernando station four of his
friends were to have boarded the train
and between there and Newhall they
hoped to rescue him. kill the officers
and escape to the range of mountains
and gradually work their way to the
Mexican border. To convince the of
ficers of the truth of his statement he
told them they would find a large knife
in his cell in the Jail here. The knife
was found the next day, and with it
was a package of pepper to be used if
necessary In blinding any person who
interfered. Morales now admits that
there is no hope for him, and he has
gone to the extent of telling who the
men are who Intended to rescue him,
but their names have not been made
public.
Last Tuesday was the time set for
the murderous programme, but owing
to the fact that one of the deputies
wanted to go deer hunting Sheriff
White consented to a change in the
usual order of things, and Morales was
started for San Quentin last Saturday.
He was called out of his ceil suddenly
and without being given an opportu
nity to return there was prepared for
the trip and sent north. It was noticed
that he seemed unusually sullen and he
was closely watched. He was accom
panied by another felon and the two
were handcuffed together throughout
the Journey.
Pedro Morales, who for years made
his name a terror on the Mexican bor
der, where he killed five men, was a
7»risoner In the county jail here under
ppntence for the murder, seven years
ago. «: Deputy Sheriff Wilson at San
Gabriel. His removal to the peniten
tiary had been delayed by appeal to
the Supreme Court, but finally he de
cided to dismiss the appeal and serve
the rest of his days in prison. It Is
customary for the Sheriff to send con
victed criminals north on Tuesday, and
Morales supposed this rule would be
followed in his case. With a number
of friends, almost as desperate as him
self, he conspired to secure his release
by killing the officers who he thought
would have him in charge.
The plan was to have some of his
friends board the train north of the
citj*. enter the car where he was, sup
ply him with a revolver and at the
same time open fire on the officers.
LOS ANGELES, July 20.— The mer
est accident and what was considered
an unimportant change in a programme
outlined by Sheriff White for one of his
deputies, prevented the killing of two
members of the Sheriff's force and the
release of probably the most desperate
rrurdfrer xvho has been in custody here
in years.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The demands which President Roose
velt made through Secretary Hay were
that American institutions be given
the same treatment and privileges ac
corded to France, Germany, Russia ami
Italy, and that the Protestant Medical
School In Beirut, Syria, be granted the
same privileges extended to the French
medical school in that city.
Even the firm tone of the Presi
dent's demand did not move the Sul
tan, according to Irishman's mes
sage. The Minister was able to gain
an audience with the Sultan, who per
sisted in talking about the weather and
exchanging other commonplaces in the
most courteous manner, but would not
enter Into a discussion of the rights of
American citizens.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, HOTTT&
BARTON, WASHINGTON. July 20.—
Insulting treatment of American rep
resentatives and provoking slowness
and carelessness In attending to this
Government's requests by Turkey are
revealed in correspondence between
the State Department and Minister
Leishman at Constantinople, just
made public. The appearance of this
correspondence has strengthened the
belief that President Roosevelt is seri
ously considering the sending of a,
fleet to Turkey early in August.
Dispatches from Leishman to the
State Department, running over a
period of many months, all bear the
same message. He was repeatedly
compelled to wait for hours to gain an
audience, and was then enjoined from
talking business with the Sultan, who
was said to be too busy with other
matters to consider the questions
which the Minister desired to press.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The agreement reached at to-night's
conference is practically the same as
the proposition made last Saturday to
the packers by Donnelly. The only
difference : is that in Saturday's com
munication Donnelly insisted that the
strikers be taken back to work within
seven days; This the packers refused,
although they - accepted every other de
mand made by Donnelly. When, the
men return to work it will be under
exactly the same , conditions as pre
vailed before the strike was declared,
with' the exception; that* the question
of a wage scale will be decided by
Arbitration.
DONNELLY YIELDS A POINT.
The agreement entered into between
the representatives of the packers and
strikers follows:
"Wages and working conditions of
all employes now on strike to be sub
mitted to arbitration, each party to
this agreement having the privilege of
bringing, before the arbitrators for de
cision any. question, of wages or con
ditions or any other grievance they
may have, and both to abide by the
decision of the arbitrators; the pack
ing companies signing this agreement
to re-engage all employes now out as
fast as possible, without discrimina
tion, employes to return to work at the
wages received when going on , strike
pending the decision of the arbitrators;
arbitrators to consist of three practical
packing house men to be selected as
follows: One representative of the
packing house companies; one repre
sentative of the Amalgamated Meat
Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
North America; these two to select a
third member."
CHICAGO, July 20.— The Btrike of
packing-house employes, begun nine
days ago and which has demoralized
the packing Industry, was settled here
to-night at a conference between rep
resentatives of the packers, the officials
of the Meat Cutters' Union and repre
sentatives of all the alUed trades .em
ployed at the stockyards. v The contro
versy will be submitted to, a board
of arbitration, both aides agreeing to
abide by whatever decision this board
may reach. Pending the decision the
men will be taken back to work as
rapidly as possible by the packers, and
it is agreed by the packers that all the
old employes are to be reinstated with
in forty-five days from the date work is
resumed. If any of the former em
ployes are still unemployed at the expi
ration of that time such persons are to
have the privilege of submitting their
cause to the arbitration board for set
tlement. ?
The strikers will return to work as
soon as they can be notified of the
peaceable adjustment of the trouble,
and it is expected that by Friday
morning everything will be in normal
shape at all the plants in the different
cities where the employes were on
strike. A half-hour after the decision
had been reached to-night to arbitrate
M. J. Donnelly, the strike leader, had
got into communication by long-dis
tance telephone with the leaders of the
strikers 'in outside cities and had noti
fied them that a satisfactory settle
ment had been reached and directed
the strikers to return to work as soon
as possible.
ALLIED CRAFTS BRING PEACE.
The settlement was brought about
by the allied crafts at the stockyards,
who would have become involved in
the controversy had it continued much
longer. The representatives of these
unions, which embrace about 14,000
men, got together yesterday and sent
a final appeal to the packers, asking
for a three-sided conference to-day In
a final effort to arrange some sort of
agreement. This appeal received a
favorable response and to-day's con
ference was the result.
Fleet of United States Warships May
Be Sent to Bring the Ottoman
to Terms.
Says Former Associates Expected to
Shcot Deputies on Train and
Escape Into Mexico.
Arbitration Board Will Pass Upon
the Questions That Are Now
in Dispute.
Desperado Tells ol Con
spiracy When the Pro
gramme Fails.
Men Who Walked Out Are
to Be Re-employed by
the Packers.
AMul Hamid Even Refuses
to Discuss Tliem With
Leisbman.
American Demands
Are Ignored by
tlie Porte.
Friends ol Morales
Arrange to Kill
Officers.
Butcliers Will Go
Back to Work
- To-Day.
BOLD PLOT
TO RESCUE
MURDERER
ALL PLAITS
TO RESUME
OPERATIONS
INCREASING
INSOLENCE
OF TURKEY
Alcazar — "The Prisoner of
Senda," Matinee to-day.
California — W A Tfeoroufffeorcd
Tramp."
Central— "Bobert Emmet"
Columbia — "Cousin Kate" and
"Carrot*."
Chutes — Vaudeville
Pinchers — "A Iiuciy Stone."
Grand — "The Cowboy and the
Lady."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. SSatlnee
to-day.
Tivoli — "Botoin. Hood."
TBS TKEATEB8.
SAN FRANCISCO,. "THURSDAY, JULY 21,. 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 51.
THE WEATEE2.
Forecast jnado at San Fran
cisco fcr thirty hour* ending
mldniirlit, July 31:
San X'rna.clsco and vicinity—
ralr Thursday; lUrht southerly
winds, ohaartmr to brisk weit
erly, with fop.
A. G. McAPrS.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallAustralia is expecting to build up a
large trade in wheat, horse feed, leath
er,, timber, tinned meats and horses in
consequence' of the demand created by
at Qu»ensc!lff was slfghtly over to the east
ward .of the high light. th« pilot porting the
helm about 6 degrees.
At 1:40 a. m. Lonsdale light waa abeam, the
Queenscliff light -being 'nearly In one. At this
time he considered the vessel was on a safe
course, and he went to the starboard side of
the bridge and turned bis attention to ob
structions and lights on the starboard side
and heard no further orders. given by the pilot.
The next thing that attracted his ' attention
was the elos« proximity of land on the star
board bow. At that moment, seeing the dan
ger tha ship was in, he turned around to alter
her course, when the ship ran aground. H»
further alleges that - when handing over the
charge to Pilot Dennis he did not notice
anything unusual In Ms demeanor or be
havior, and consequently he . handed over
the charge -of hla vessel without any mis
giving. The first order he .heard the. pilot
give after the vessel struck was "Pull speed
artern." That order be. at once countermand
ed and ordered the engines "Slow ahead."
atterward stopping the engines ' altogether.
He r poke to Pilot Dennis Immediately after
the ship -bad grounded and Pilot Dennis said,
"It Is all my fault." He then turned to mat
ters requiring his immediate ' attention and
saw no more of Pilot Dennis until some time
afterward, when he found him lying- In a ctate
of collapse on the bridge and he sent the
doctor to attend to him. ' • • -.
TATCHEKIAO, July 20. — Details of
the repulse of Lieutenant General
Count Keller's attack on the Japanese
at Motien Pass last Sunday show that
it was a demonstration in force to as
certain the strength of the enemy and
plainly developed the latter's numeri
cal superiority. It is evident that the
Japanese are drawing off troops from
the Russian southern front, reinforc
ing their positions to the east.
Japanese Have Large Army to the
East of Kuropatkin's Position.
KELLER'S FORCE OUTNUMBERED
*'At 9:30 a. m. on July 20 the Vladi
vostok squadron fired upon and sank
WASHINGTON, July 20.— The Jap
anese legation has received the follow
ing cablegram from the Foreign Office
at Tokio: -
Vladivostok Warships Sink a Small
Vessel Off Japanese Coast.
STEAMBOAT FIRED UPOX.
CHEFU, July 20. — Japanese who
have arrived here report that the
forces investing Port Arthur are for
tifying their present positions and as
suming the defensive pending the
preparations for a concerted assault.
These preparations are being pushed!
forward* and the final assault will be
made not later than the last of this
month. In^the meantime the enemy is
taking the offensive.
Fortlf ring Their Positions Pending the
Order of a Final Assault. .
BESIEGERS OX DEFENSIVE.
TOKIO, July 20. — The steamship
overhauled by the Russian Vladivos
tok squadron was the Takashima.
She arrived at Mororan at noon to
day and reports that she, left the Rus
sian vessels steaming to the southeast
at great speed. This course creates
the impression here that they are
heading for Saigon, the capital, of
French Indo-China, although It is
possible that this course' Is a ruse to
deceive the Japanese.:
Russinn Vladivostok Squadron Is
Steaming Southeastward.
PRIZE STEAMSHIP RELEASED.
CHEFU, July 20.— Two junks with
Chinese on board have arrived from
Port Arthur. The men report that on
Saturday morning the Port Arthur
forts fired on a passing ship. Their
shots were not effective and the vessel
did not stop. A torpedo-boat then
went out and either fired upon the
vessel or discharged a torpedo against
her. Shortly afterward thirty Chinese
and one foreigner, survivors of the
vessel, were brought ashore by the
torpedo-boat. The Chinese say they
recognized the vessel as a merchant
man, and from the efforts made by
the Russians to rescue the survivors
they concluded the torpedo-boat, rec
ognized that sh« was mistaken in hav
ing attacked the vessel and did every
thing to rectify her error.
Russian Torpedo-Boat at Port Arthur
Makes a Clumsy Mistake. '
SINKS A NEUTRAL VESSEL.
The steamship Peiping, owned by
the Chinese Engineering and Mining
Company of Shanghai, was reported
yesterday to have been captured by a
Japanese cruiser and to be on her. way
to Japan with a prize crew on board.
After the Hsiping was captured she
was taken into Sasebo, Japan, to await
the action of the naval prize court.
The owners of the steamships Pci
ping and Hsiping have not yet learned
the reasons for the capture of these
vessels by the Japanese. They main
tain that they carried no contraband.
TIENTSIN, July 20. — The steam
ship Hipsang; belonging to the Indo-
China Navigation Company, bound
from Newchwang to Chefu, is now
four days overdue. She Is reported to
have struck a mine, but this has not
been confirmed.
anese Not Understood.
Seizure of Two Merchantmen by Jap-
NO CONTRABAND ABOARD.
The report is current that the Vlad
ivostok squadron is homeward bound,
under orders to effect a Juncture with
the first division of Vice Admiral Ro
jestvensky's Baltic squadron, which is
ready to go out on a trial trip in the
Baltic
ST. PETERSBURG, July 20. — The
news of the first appearance of the
Vladivostok squadron in the Pacific
since the outbreak of the war, tele
graphed from Tokio, causes no sur
prise at the Admiralty here. Vice Ad
miral BezobrazofC's action/giving the
slip to Vice Admiral Kamimura and
passing Tsugari Straits, Is regarded as
evidence of the insufficiency of the
Japanese naval forces. v
It is probably the purpose of Ad
miral Bezobrazoff to raid the coast
towns of Japan, capture merchant
men, make a naval demonstration off
Yokohama and generally create a
panic among the population In order
to compel Rear Admiral Togo to re
inforce Admiral Kamimura and thus
weaken the squadron off Port Arthur.
The idea that Bezobrazoff would seri
ously attack large ports of Japan is,
however, rejected, owing: to the danger
from submarine boats, mines, torpedo
boats and shore batteries.
Admiral Bezobrazoff May Make a
Demonstration Off Yokohama.
WILL RAID JAPAXESE COAST.
PARIS, July 20.— The Temps, discuss
ing the passing ; of the Vladivostok
squadron through 'the straits of Tsu
gari, says Its* purpose Is either to at
tack the unprotected cities on the east
ern coast • of . Japan or to intercept
American- merchant steamshlpa which
are supplying Japan with all sorts of
provisions through the port of Yoko
hama, , -
a Japanese steamboat of 318 tons off
the coast of Isoya, about twenty-five
miles from Hakodate. All of the crew
were landed safely at Cape Yesane."
Liners' Cargoes Are Contra
band Under Russian
War Rules.
"There has been no special change
in the situation since July 17. At 5
o'clock in the afternoon >pf July 18
Japanese advance forces of consider
able strength were observed In the di
rection of Sikeseyann, on the Liao
yang-Saimatsza road, moving against
a detachment of our troops. After
two days' fighting the latter force is
retreating toward the village of Hout-
Eiatze, east of Anping." •
ST. PETERSBURG, July 20. — The
Czar has received the following dis
patch from General Kuropatkin, dated
July 19:
Kuropatkin Reports the Retreat of a
•Japanese Column.
FIGHTING OX IJAOYANG ROAD.
The Gaelic's Japanese freight is val
ued at $120,022 and Includes 4100 cases
condensed milk, coffee, sugar, ham and
bacon, lubricating oil, machinery, elec
trical supplies and canned goods.
The Korea's cargo for Japan is val
ued at 5284,231. It includes: 354 pack
ages of machinery, 2482 pieces of angle
iron, 169,500 pounds of soda ash, 87
pieces of car material, 15,718 pounds of
sheet lead, 541,338 pounds of pig lead,
10,820 pounds of sugar, 4514 pounds of
ham, 1161 cases of canned goods, and
lard, coffee, dried fruit, flour, hay, bar
ley and millstuffs.
The reported arrival in the Pacific
of the Czar's commerce destroyers has
ruffled the calm, however, and the
notification from St- Peetersburg that
the Russian ships will devote their
attention to American and other ves
sels carrying merchandise to Japan
came as a shock yesterday to shippers
and shipowners.
The big liner Korea of the Pacific
Mail Company's fleet and the Gaelic,
chartered 1 from the White Star Line
of Liverpool by the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company, are the
only steamships now on the way from
this port to Japan.
The Mongolia will leave here July 29
and August 1 the Japanese liner Amer
ica Maru is scheduled to sail. The
Mongolia will carry • some flour and
machinery for Japan. The America
Maru will not need anytning but the
Japanese flag that floats over her stern
to arouse interest in Russian naval
circles.
Both the Korea and the Gaelic have
in their holds large shipments of mer
chandise for Japan and if either is
overhauled by the Russians, seizure is
a certainty, as the nature of much of
the cargo brings it nearly enough with
in the classification "contraband" to
justify the Russians in holding the
ships and submitting the question to a
"prize" court.
Russia's -aggressive attention to Ja
pan-bound liners, as evidenced by re
cent seizures of foreign vessels passing
through the Suez -canal, has aroused
in the local commercial world renewed
interest In the Russian-Japanese war.
As long as the ships of the Russian
navy were bottled up. at Port Arthur
and frozen in at Vladivostok the prob
lem of continuing commercial deal
ingrs with Japan was simple. The war
rate of insurance was not excessive,
Japan's necessity was great and since
the war began an uninterrupted stream
of merchandise has ,h>en flowing across
the. Pacific to the island kingdom.
Every vessel arriving' here from the
Orient has brought chest loads of Jap
anese gold and in return the outward
bound liners have carried flour, lead,
niter, immense shipments of railroad
and bridge construction material and
cargo 'after cargo of rolling- stock, al].
for .the ultimate use of the Japanese
Government.
Russia's definition of what would be
considered contraband of war was suf
ficiently comprehensive ! to Include
nearly every shipment that has been
made to Japan since the beginning of
hostilities. With 1 no Russian interfer
ence this stream has flowed . without
interruption and shippers had almost
forgotten the war as a factor of pos
sible interference with the delivery of
goods ordered from Yokohama.
The marter of the Australia alleges that
•when Pilot Dennis took charge the engines,
by the pilot's orders, were put full- speed
ahead and a course ehaj>ed for the Port Phil
lip Heads. He also alleges that after going
full Fpeed ahead the leading lights were
brought right ahead, they being la line Upon
searing Point L«onsdale the red lower light
The following, taken from the Syd
ney Herald of June 26, gives two ac
counts of the disaster, one of the pilot
and the other of the captain: "'
I beg- to notify th» board that in .cons*
q«»nce of my sudden Illness I have sub
mitted myself for medical examination hy
Drs. f>. Grant (medical officer ot the board).
Maclean. Barrett and Orr, and in vifew of
their reports <a condition of which I had no
previous knowledge an( j which have come as
a painful su-prise to me). I feel It my duty
to at onr« tender my resignation as pilot. I
ir.ight nay I a-: prostrated as the result of
the' terrible loss of the Australia, and feel
th<« position of affairs very ke«nly. I am
very desirous of giving all the information
within my power and knowledge to the board,
cr at any inquiry that may be held.
The official investigation by the
Marine Board of the wreck of the
Itoyal Mail steamship Australia near
Port Philip Head in the early morning
of June 20 developed the fact that
Pilot Dennis, who had just boarded
her and taken charge, was not only
nearsigrhted, but in very bad health
otherwise. He is a man of GO years of
age. He tendered his resignation to
th» board in the following communica
tion on the 25th ulL:
local Government convention; but other Min
lfters have been ppeaking. and the combined
voices have net given the ctate harmony or
en approach to it. Discord has been the
ru!ir.g condition, and meanwhile member* of
the party outside have rushed together in de
fcpair crying. '"What shall we do to be
r8ved?" Ther» never w»s such a spectacle of
political disorder and disorganization in the
history of new South TVales.
Joftv. See has passed from blunder to blunder,
snd it is now on the eve of a struggle for
existence. It has been the tool of the Lsbot
¦party — used in a score of ways to the under
mining of prosperity, the checking of enter
prise and the withdrawing of confidence both
wittJn and without the state. In half a dozrn
by elections during the last twelve months It
ha* Buffered defeat after defeat, and it row
stands before the country hopeless and for
lorn. Its supporters are urn afraid to appeal
to their constituents at Ministerialists; and
from all Quarters comes the report that can
didates are either reformers or independent. If
they are not stratght-out supporters of the
Labor platform. But the worst feature in .i
c - r. .¦ •;.; .• situation if the absence cf a
Government announcement of pclicy. There
>u apparently been no attempt at leadership.
The Attorney General, it is true, has been
trying hard to fill a gap with speeches and a
to dispute with him on the r<_a*cns eo ad
\an"ed. The Premier of this state mutt be a
etrcng man. both mentally and physically; an«l
the crisis to which w e have come demand^
that the leader of the Government thall b«
«M*» to fate the future without unnecessary
handicap. But uith every wish to ef»:al gently
with one who to-day pro;x»ses to take his place
with jast Premiers, and to be to all intent*
and purposes politically dead, it is imperative
that hts work and worth shall be hami!e<i
without ret-rve. . The 6tate is in a position
of unusual difficulty. Its industrial affaire are
in cor.fuwon. Its credit is exhausted and its
politics Is a byword. To such a pass have
we oona as the result of three years' admin-
Jttrati'jn by a Government whose head since
the commonwealth was established has been
h'lr John See. Bjt the Government led by Sir
Incur Issue this racrning Sir John See prac
tically throws Mmself on the mercy of the
country. He has at last decided to re±ig&
thr- r:«n:ier<h!{i. p.nj in his agrees to the
orafton < lectors — which is an arr^al to th»
I*cplt at large— he pleads family bereavem-nt
sn«1 ill health as full and sufficient excuse for
the ster> he »;il now take. We have no wish
Commenting: editorially in its issue
of June 10 on the promised resignation
of .Sir Jchn See, Premier of New South
WaJes, the Sydney Herald said:
The next day in Sydney, in answer
to a question frc-m a Herald represent
ative. Mr. Watson said: '
I io not care tb nut discussing: the matter
row. We will consider the position very care
fully et a Cabinet meftin* to be held in Mei
1-ourne on Monday night. As I Mated on the
j>rev:ouf Jay. the Government looks upon the
« ricndraent as a serioui and vital one. affect
:rt as it dots some of the main principles of
the measure.
The Melbourne correspondent of the
Herald, under date of June 26, said:
Ba far ttt fan be judged from Informal chat*
¦with inf-r-.berg of all parties of Cio House of
UeprtmtatMitn*. ther* is not much likelihood
t : a i>o!itlcal crisis arising: over the amend
rifnt carried oa Friday in the arbitration bill.
Th* Government will not. of course, consider
l:s action until to-morrow night, when It will
hold its Cabinet meeting, and then it i* not
«xi>ect«id to nmke anything public untM it
pr.nounces its decielon to Parliament on Tues
cey afternoon.
• •. - •
Th« Prime Minister r.as se<?n immediately
the House rose, and simply said. "I regret that
the amendment ha« largely defeated the ob-
Ji«t of the clause, and 1 think ' the Govern
rt.ent ha& shown Fufflclent liberality in »c
«-T>il!i£ amendments. erpeciaUy the one pre
ceding it. proposed by l!r. McCay, and one to
Le put by Sir John Quick. In the direction cf
cleariy statin* what the powers cf the court
*ould be in thi« dlrectlun. In view of this I
think those who agreed, at any rate with the
1'rtnelple nf the clause, had no reason to com
plain of the attitude of the Government."
otKintcd for In the divlfion and In the pair
book ehoni that *ev<?nty-on« members out of
*ovcrty-flve rfgiFtfrod their viewe. The four
v ho w ere net KpKMSted were the Speaker and
the chairman of committees. Mr; Cook twho Is
lying ill hi Sy<3ncy>. and Bruce Smith. There
xvas- thus not the slightest chance of the Gov
emr^TU sectirtnp a majority, and now It will
fc« manor for speculation whether the meas
ure e&all I* dropped, whether members will be
asked to reconsider their vote, or whether Min
isters win communicate with the Governor
General.
The cieniflcance of tMs defeat was not lost
*n the Government, tx-eauee the Prime MinlB
ifr at one* moved that process be reported
in ord«r that the Government might consider
h'>«v far It afT«rct» the e<*n f ral puri>ose of the
n.easure. an.l how far Ministers should ark
I3i»ml>erf to reconsider the mettfr. Mr. Reid,
vho had made a. flashing speech earlier in the
trternoon. at ence rose, and eaid that It w»s
a very preper course for MinKers to take,
and the motion to report progress was at once
airrred to. To .ehoy how eicniflcant that
division was, & perusal of the numbers ac-
There have been lately some impor
tant happenipgs in Australian political
arenas, both federal and state. The
defeat of Mr. Watson's Government on
June 24 on an amendment to the arbi
tration bill gave great concern to> hia
party and correspondingly raised the
hopes of the opposition, led by ex-
Premier Deakin. A summary of the
debate and results was given by a Mel
bourne correspondent of the* Sydney
Herald, June -5, partly as follows:
Continued Prom Page 1, Column 6.
Transmits a Note
Objecting to
Seizures.
British. Minister
Calls Russia to
Account.
STEAMSHIPS SAILING FROM SAN FRANCISCO
IN DANGER OF CAPTURE BY RUSSIAN SQUADRON
PROFESSOR
COOLIDGE TALKS
OF RUSSIA
Kuroki Is Moving to Attack
the Headquarters of
Kuropatkin.
Special Cable to The Call and Xcw, York Herald. Copyright/ 1904, by the
New York Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jul^ 20.—Ac
cording to the latest information re
ceived, the. battle of Motien Pass was
more serious than at first supposed, the
Russians having had at least 30.000 men
engaged. Once more victory was won
by the Japanese, owing to their far su
perior artillery, which cut the gallant
Twenty-fourth Regiment to pieces, and
in the retreat, which reached to Siako
lina, the Russian losses must have
been great. Up to themoment of send
ing you this I am still without details
as to losses, beyond the fact that they
exceeded 1000. ,
This last action has brought General
Kuroki to within twenty-two miles of
Liaoyang, which caused a nervous feel
ing to-day. The next move of the Jap
anese will be to- capture the headquar
ters of the commander-ln-chlef.
The Official Gazette announced in a
special edition* to-night two days'
fighting, yesterday and the day before,
owing to General Kuroki's advancing
in force from Matse along the Liao
yang road. •' This looks as though tha
fears of an attack on Liaoyang are go
ing to be shortly realized.
. Foreign critics are asking why Count
Keller was sent "to attack the enemy
without knowing Its force. The reply
Is that the Japanese line is of such ex
traordinary length that ordinary
scouting parties are helpless, and the
only means of ascertaining the num
bers of the enemy is the sending of
powerful reconnoltering forces, thereby
forcing an action.
This will explain several considerable
engagements in which the Russians,
after fighting, retired. The retreat had
been intended before the battle began.
According to Russian Tnilitarypplnion,
such retreats do not signify battles
lost, being merely part of the plan of
campaign.
rich. Pending the arrival of this re
port the. Russian .Government cannot
definitely answer Germany's represen
tations.
The Hamburg-American line has not
received any confirmation of the re
port, cabled to^the Daily Mail of Lon
don, from Sue'z, that the steamship
Sambia of that line had been captured
by the Russians in the Red Sea. The
officials of the line discredit the report.
PARIS, July 20. — Information reach-
Ing Government quarters hero leads
the officials to believe that Russia will
release the British and German mer
chantmen seized in the Red Sea as a
means of averting International com
plications.
vent the repetition of the Malacca in
cident in the Red Sea.
Those few officials at the Foreign Of
fice who are in full possession of all
details of Great Britain's desire to ar
rive at an entente with Russia are in
despair. They realize that the policy
so carefully fostered by King Edward
and Foreign Minister Lansdowne will
now be indignantly repudiated by all
parties In the House of Commons and
Involve with the public the downfall of
any Ministry advocating It- Every
nerve will be strained, however, by the
Foreign Office to secure from Russia an
explanation that will pacify the ag
grieved feelings !of the British public.
However, there is expressed at the
Foreign Office and elsewhere almost
poignant regret that Russia, rightly or
wrongly, should have taken up the po
sition evidenced by the action of her
volunteer cruisers In the Red Sea.
Lord Lansdowne's policy since the
first whisper of war between Japan and
Russia reached Downing street has
been one of consistent neutrality. The
unlooked-for developments in the Dar
danelles and In the Red Sea embarrass
Lord Lansdowne " more than the cir
cumstances themselves would Indicate.
The Government, weakened by internal
dissensions, could scarcely stand for a
day against a demand for reprisals
against Russia, and this very danger
Is being fostered by leading Govern
ment newspapers.
The news that there may be an ami
cable adjustment of the difficulties as
the result of an interview between Em
peror Nicholas and Count Lamsdorff.
given in the Associated Press dispatch
from St. Petersburg, is not yet known
to the British public and press. If such
an adjustment eventuates it will let
Premier Balfour's Government out of
one of the most awkward and most
serious crises it has had to face in its
checkered career.
The first of a series of four lectures
to be given under the auspices Of the
Mechanics' Institute took place last
night in the art gallery of the Mechan
ics' Pavilion. Archibald Cary Coolldge.
assistant professor of history. Harvard
University, entertained a large audience
with a complete review of the cauae3
of the present war in the Far East and
of Russia's attitude, past and present.
Professor Coolidge is one of "the leading
authorities^on Russia.
In his introductory Professor Coolidge
reviewed the beginning of the modern
era of Japan and also the slow awak
ening of the Slavic empire. In referring
to Russian diplomacy he said:
Many have referred to the alleged double*
dealing and deceit of the Russian diplomats.
England and tha United States, however, feel
perfectly able to care for themselves diplo
matically, but the Russian Uovernment Is
credited by them with more cleverness than
it credit* itself with. The extension of Itu»
>i& haa caused a great deal of talk. If we
were to take from Russia to-day the territory
It has acqulrtd since 1790 there would atlll
be left a territory larger than the United
States. The advance of Russia has been like
that cf a glacUr^ — slowly but surely. Th» rea
son Russia has grown so fast within the last
twenty years 13 owing to an enormous Increase
of her population, the developing of her re
sources and the building of railroads. Still
Russia, between the years of 1SOO and liMX\
has grown no more than has our own ccun
try, or than other world powers. Where Rus
sia added Siberia, wa have added the entir»
West from the Mississippi to the Pacific. Rus
sia's alleged greed for land did not prevent
her from selling Alaska to us. Great Britain.
France and Germany have sdded almost twtce
as many square miles to their territory as has
Russia. Russia's greatest gain was Siberia,
but this was acquired in much tha same fash-
Ion — from nomad tribes^ — as waa our West
from the Indians. Russia had other lands,
richer and more attractive. Until lately Si
beria was the "great unknown," us"ed as the
prison of criminals, the home of adventurers
and tramps. With the building of the Trans-
Siberian railroad the life of the peasantry be
came more endurable and immigration re
ceived a forward impulse. Although the road
was built as a military maa«ure. Russia was
no more prepared for the results of the last
tea years than any other nation. The Chino-
Japanese war and the Boxer war came like a
lightning flash, and hostilities in the Russo-
Japanese war began before Russia waa ready
to meet the emergencies placed upon her
main railway. Russia regarded Japan in th«
Llaotung Peninsula as dangerous and *rher»
each of the great powers demanded its slice
from the victorious Japanese Russia claimed
and obtained Port Arthur. Korea, whose
people have no mora liking for the Japanese
than for the Russian, was destined to become
the prey of a greater nation. And between
the choice of the two Koreans- would choose
Russian occupancy. The Russians would
merely briny their officials, a few traders and
obtain franchises, while the Japanese would
usurp the sovereignty of the kingdom and a
heavy immigration of Japanese would begin.
I am not sure that the claim of Japan
for room in which to expand is a valid claim
upon which to seize Korea. If it was brought
about that Japan could not get Korea, would
this country countenance Japan's entering
some country — Mexico, for example — upon tha
awertlon that she needed the country for her
excess population? Now, a word as to the
"open door" In the Kast. which, it la claimed.
Russia is desirous of closing! It is an open
door that opens oni way; Japan seized For
mosa and left no cpen door. There ia no open
door in Porto Ric«x and without reflection'
upon the policy of this Government, the Brit
ish have complained that our "open door" in
the Philippines | s open none too wt.l»ly.
Ruwla haa obtained from China a very Rocd
port in Manchuria, Vladivostok. There la no
better port in the world, but it has the on*
drawback of being icebound in th<» winter
months. An outlet to the Pacific by a port
free from Ice the entlr© year la urgently neede.1
by Russia. Without It her Interests in the
East Buffer. If Japnn Rain* Korea., aha will
immediately fortify the pol.its of land on each
f>Me of the Korean Straits, forcing all ships
proceeding to any Rueslan port to pam under
Japanese guns. Thi3 would have the effect
of very completely "bottlinc up" Kussla'a
fleets, should Japan desire to do so at any
time. American sympathy for Japan is partly
owing to the Idea that a very lance nation la
fighting a very small one. This is. in fact,
only partly true. Russia has 500O miles of
railroad over which to transport her troorn.
and although on paper Rusnla has* num*ricall>
a larger army in the field than Japan. th«
Japanese are stronger at the present tim« in
Manchuria.
The professor's closing remarks dealt
with the effect that hasty expression of
American sympathy for Japan has in
Russia. He asserted that we had for
feited the friendship of a great power
that formerly admired us and in many
ways imitated us. lie expressed the
hope that the press and public of the
United States would remain the friends
of both countries In the momentous
struggle.
Against Sale of Poisons.
Public sentiment in favor of more
severe regulations governing the sales
of poisons by chemists is making head
way rapidly. Few men or women who
have resolved to kill themselves find
much difficulty In buying anywhere the
necessary drugs. This is especially true
of the purchases of carbolic acid, which
can be obtained in deadly quantities
from pharmacists well nigh all over the
town at nearly every hour of the day
or night.— New York Tribune.
English cotton workers ar» rushing;
to Canada.
The "tallow" tree of Malabar yields
from the seeds of its fruit by boiling
an excellent tallow, which serves as a
valuable illuminant, both as oil and
by candles which are made from it.
WAR SPIRIT RUNS HIGH.
British Press n-" Public Clamor for
an Accounting With Russia.
j LONDON, July 20.— The^ Associated
Press to-night interviewed many prom
inent persons connected and in close
touch with the Government relative to
the seizure of British vessels by steam
ers of the Russian volunteer fleet in
the Red Sea.
As a result of these inquiries there
is shown to be a hostile feeling against
Russia, of a strength and bitterness
almost without precedent with the war.
The most conservative, who have been
in the service of the Governnient for
many years and who openly deplored
the haste with which they thought
Great Britain had been plunged into
the Transvaal war, to-night frankly
declared for a policy of reprisal against
what is regarded as Russia's violations
of treaty and her piratical attack on
British commerce.
The warlike tone of such 'papers as
the Times, the Standard, the Morning
Post and the Daily Telegraph, which
in national crises hitherto almost in
variably have advised caution, has had
its inevitable effect. There has been
stirred up a storm of indignation
among all classes in the United King
dom, the strength of which the Gov
ernment itself can scarcely gauge.
Those who deplored the outbreak of
the war between Japan and Russia and
insisted publicly and privately that
Great Britain, crippled financially after
her South African campaign, must not
be drawn into the Far Eastern struggle,
are among the most outspoken cham
pions of a physical force that, will pre-
MR. WATSON'S
GOVERNMENT
IS DEFEATED
JEFFERSON CITY; Mo., July 20.—
The platform adopted ' by the Demo
cratic State convention to-night pledges
support to Parker and favors the in
itiative and referendum, the assess
ment of franchises, equal rights to
labor and capital, separating the police
from politics, the eradication of the
granting of' railroad passes to legisla
tors arid the "building of good roads.'
The- principal plank In : the . platform is
in .regard to bribery, which , laot great
length and strongly worded.' •
Main Feature of Platform Adopted by
Missouri Democrats.
STRONG PLANK ON BRIBERY.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July
21. — A special to the Times from
Jefferson City, Mo., says: Joseph
W« Folk, Circuit Attorney of St
Louis, was nominated f or \Gov
ernor by the State Democratic
Convention at 3:38 o'clock this
morning.
NOMINATE
FOLK FOR
GOVERNOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
BERLIN, July 20.— Russia has in
formed Germany, according to the Co
logne Gazette, that no report has been
received from the commander of the
Smolensk regarding the seizure on July
15 of malls on board the Prinz Hein-
The directors of the Peninsular and
Oriental Company, at a meeting this
afternoon, decided to urge strongly on
the Government the necessity for ac
tion in regard to the seizure of the Ma
lacca. The Government has been defi
nitely informed that the only explo
sives on the Malacca were stores
shipped by their Government to Hong
kong. ¦
| It appears that the Smolensk and SL
Petersburg notonly passed through the
Dardanelles under the Russian com
mercial, flag, but that they also went
through the Suez canal under this flag
on their outward voyage.
The Malacca's passengers have been
transferred to the steamer Marmora of
the Peninsular and Oriental line.
It is said "that the Malacca has been
especially waited for by the Russians,
on secret information from Antwerp
that she was carrying ammunition and
iron work for a crane at Moji, Japan.
She was arrested during the morning
of July 13, when two and a half miles
off Great Hanish Island, near Jebel
Zukor, in spite of her captain's pro
test that the ammunition on board was
intended for the British army at Sing
apore and Hongkong. The crew .of the
Malacca was kept under strict arrest,
and when it arrived at Suez at dawn
July 19 it was not allowed to com
municate with the shore.
The Malacca arrived at Port Said
at dawn to-day and asked for 400 tons
of coal, fresh water and provisions for
Cherbourg. The case was referred to
the Egyptian Government, it being the'
first time on record that an alleged
prize had been taken through the canal
under a different flag. It happens that
that the Malacca had an abundance of
coal already and was in no great need
of' water or provisions. Therefore she
might have sailed forthwith, but she
remains here "pending instructions.
PORT SAID, July 20.— The crew and
passengers of the Peninsular and Ori
ental steamship Malacca, seized by the
Russian volunteer steamship St. Pe
tersburg in the")Red Sea, have been
landed here. The ship Is detained by the
authorities, who '.are' waiting instruc
tions before taking further action. •
' REPLY TO BERLIN DELAYED.
LONDON, July 20.— The opposition
leaders in the House of Commons have
allowed it to be understood that they
will be prepared to support the Gov
ernment in its representations to Rus
sia in regard to the seizure of the
steamship Malacca in the Red Sea,
PARTY LINES SET ASIDE.
The attempts to create a sensation
out of the passage of the Dardanelles
by the Russian guardship Cherno
moretz are regarded here as ridiculous.
This warship, being the regular guard
ship, has been passing in and out of
the Black Sea for twenty years.
Russia has reason to believe and con
tends that the Malacca, in addition to
British Government stores, had on
board munitions intended for Japan.
It is understood, that before sending
the cruisers the Russian authorities be
came satisfied, through an elaborate
system jof espionage, that an immense
amount of contraband was going from
England through the Red Sea to Japan,
and they decided to stop the traffic. It
is understood that if this traffic is now
diverted to the cape" route the Russian
Admiralty is prepared to send ships to
the Cape of Good Hope. If Great Brit
ain opposes the passage of the Darda
nelles by more vessels of the volunteer
fleet the ships intended for the cruising
off the cape may be sent frornvthe
Baltic.
is the Government sjtamp.
The Embassador also presented a
general protest against the action of
the Russian volunteer fleet steamships
In the Red Sea.
The protest was in the form of a
verbal note, made In conformity with
telegraphic instructions from the Brit
ish Government. It did nojt raise the
question of the passage of the Darda
nelles by vessels of the" volunteer fleet.
SHIPMENTS OP CONTRABAND.
Oysters abound in the Inland Sea of
Japan. They are served in the restau
rants for 5 cents a dozen.
Germany Replaces Tientsin Garrison.
TIENTSIN, July 20. — Nine hundred
German cavlary and infantry arrived
here at midnight to relieve the troops
on duty. • : . . -.: \:v;-;--
Insurance Rates Go Higher.
LONDON, July 20. — Both freight
and insurance rates were higher to
day in consequence of the Red Sea in
cidents. . *
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Am"ERTISE>lENTS.
fiWV^ V^^^^ Tbat JUMP lixe
Tg^^f^feM tM " « xtr »cte4 with-
T^J^KS^aHf out pala aa<1 *rtifl-
t&^'&&&**\ ' CU1 One " la>erted
E»p /^^W ; vl that ar * llke th#
**§ j y&. 'A natural ones.
gfelv. T2 1 j "° Cnarre for
J?ty Painless Extraction
\^ C* When 'We Make
¦Vonr Teeth.
BEAUTIFUL SET OF TEETH .... $5.00
Goll Crowns (22k) 5.00
Brioare Work 5.00
Gold rillinrs '. a.00
t liver Flllinirs 60c
Have your t>ental Work done where you can
y.nn-w your Dentist.
NO ETUDENTB. All work positively done by
SB. r. V. BOWEES, SB. E. E. SMITH,
UNIVERSITY DENTISTS
13 Tears In Practice.
10 KEAXT ST.. SAXT PRAJTCZSCO.
L*dy attendant. Phone Red 1116.
8:30 a. m. till » p. m. Largest and Best
EunAsye 10 till 2. Ofnce in City.
Open Evenings. . ScPAr&te Entrance.
- The clean-up sale Is here onc« more— a »ale that will be received with delijrht by thousands of sho« -hop-
pers that know Kauff mama's, for It means good, stylish, well-made shoes at small cost.
Every summer we clean up our shoe stock— lay aside for big reduction In price the broken lines, the odd ..
sizes, the shoes whose style is only temporary. These shoe* must be sold before the new fall stock arrives,
and to force quick selling we cut prices severely. ': '. '•¦' , ¦ . '
Now. don't rush in here to-morrow and expect to buy every stylish shoe in tha store at a reduction, for you
will be disappointed if you do. Some lines we haven't reduced one cent, because the shoes are worth ail we
ask. Kozy Klogr is an example; this wo will not reduce. Still vrm have some lines of Laird. Schober & Co/s and
Johnston & Murphy's that are reduced for the clean-up. .^^. t ._ ,,,
This is a splendid opportunity to supply the little ones with school shoes — we have several lines for boys
and girls reduced to a point that should appeal to all parents. -Ipti
See the windows — come In the store— be sure to come, for it will be worth your while.
ladies' Pin« X14 Lace Shoe— Flexible. Several tines Xialrd. fcHober & Co.'s Children's and Misses' Gray or Taa
stylishly made; none better sold 1 5 and $6 shoes: reduced to gjfc.85 Washable Buckskin Shoes, in but-
In the at $2.60 Sale ladies' Taa Linen Lace Shoes or ton. with hand-welted dkskin soles
Price Rl 85 Oxfords — Our $2 goods. Sale Price — a fine child's shoe. for. which I
* t „*<..> «,,,.„ —i— -Mr** 1 # #i « fcl.55 other dealers ask nearly double the I
kffi ?"nSS^ ?o« pS'LS. "?S2 Chiiorsn's and Misses' Gray CinSS price.- Sizes 5 to 8. 81.63; 8 H to I
Kla, PlRin toe, .trench heels: ttie #«TjZ r> D inm -nrirtt ni 'rn arm fan- 11 «"l «•»* 11 tL to ° ao i K I
same in a Blucher Oxford, with kid ? x *° r *Sn?l t W jP rn«- nuS n ,™, ~ I Z. ~" " *%7* V
tips and Cuban heel* $2 60 and ture » 8l ???-? « S/J* Oc ' "*• , 11# Child's Tan Button Slues — H;ind-
Jfoo values fo? .f. e .....::.«1.85 J^ GSo T^nd SS? " tUfned - SlZeS 5 l ° * °° C
tadies' Patent deaths* Button Ox- ciSJtoen'. Mlise.' TOto Canvas *°X»* ¦»* S?*?."* °^K"
fords— Plain toe; fairly high w Laca SnOe s and Oxfords— You will Wltn tan calf tlpa - Sl2ea 1 to f i>
. French heel; the same in Gibson flnd g00 d us© for children's white *>° c
Ties, made of Patent Colt, French shoes the year round. Sizes 5 to 8, Boys' Tennis Shoei — All sizes, up
heel: regularly J3.50. Sale Price QOc: 8%-to 11, 81.05; 11% to 2. to 5«i 45c
92.55 SI ,2O. Men's Gray Canvas Lace Shoes or Ox-
Sadies' Canvas Lace Shoes — Gray or Children's and Misses' Xld Oxfords — fords-— Regularly $1.50. Sale prlca
dark colors; regularly $1.60. and Patent leather tip. hand-turned - • •»•• Sl.lO d
good value at that. Sale Price sole. Sizes 6 to 8. $1; 8% to 11. Several lines of Johnston & Murphy a g
7......." 81.15 81.10; 11 to 2...... S1.-5 *6 and $7 shoes; reduced to S4.O5 B
To attempt description of all the bargains on sale would require several pages. We must content ourselves I
with the above few, and invite you to inspect our windows and store. .Thousands of San Francisco s best B
shoppers know the value of our annual clean-up sales from past seasons. ¦_
TILLED THE) PljF> «O^ MAKKETST.aF. FKXCSXaroUCB.* \
•¦':¦- r J^ m^, >*>'%fc. ".^^v^F^fc. JC^.~Y^-JT'Jt^^\^f7\ • £\ HUNTS. 5
GOOJ> >3^Q^^ IJust plain, ordinary stubbornness
often masquerades as strength of char
acter?
OROVILLE, July 20.— Lewis Slbley,
employed : In the v Libbey and Man well
mine at; Enterprise, was killed yester
day afternoon' by a : bank of earth cav
ing in upon him. He leaves a wife and
three children. -~
Miner Is Killed by a Cave-In.
Ca dcts G I vc an Enjoyable \ Dance.
SANTA CRUZ, July 20.— The ball
given by the officers of the League of
the Cross Cadets at the Casino audito
rium to-night was an enjoyable affair
and was well attended. 'J The members
of the regimental band were the guests
of the Capitola Electric Railway at
Capitbla to-day and gave an open air
concert on the beach.
SALINAS, July . 20.— A telephone
message was received from Tassajara
Springs late this afternoon announc
ing that Joseph Gada, a merchant of
San , Jose, had been shot in the groin,
and asking that a surgeon be sent
there. Gada was reported to be in a
critical condition.
Merchant Is Shot In the Groin.
President Is Notified.
OYSTER BAY. July 20. — President
Roosevelt this afternoon received an
official dispatch sent him to notify
him of the release of Mrs. Maybrick.
GUILT LONG DOUBTED.
Mrs. Maybrick's Husbnnd a Confirmed
User of Arsenic.
Mrs. Maybrick, who was Miss Flor
ence Elizabeth Chandler, a member of
a well-known and prosperous Southern
family, was married July 27, 1881. lu
St. James Church, Piccadilly, to James
Maybrick, of Liverpool. She was then
18 years old. Her husband was over
40 years of age. In the spring of 18S9
Mr. Maybrick became ill and in a few
days he died. His brother investigated
his death and charged Mrs. Maybrick
with the murder of her husband. A
long trial followed, and a number of
doctors swore that the deceased died of
arsenical poisoning. The defense
proved that for twenty years May
brick had been a confirmed^user of
arsenic and that he daily took doses
large enough to have killed a dozen
ordinary men. Mrs. Maybrick" was
eventually sentenced to death by. the
Judge, Sir Fitz-James Stephen, who
spoke for two days ln charging the
Jury. He . said It was impossible for
WASHINGTON, July 20. — J. Mar
bourg Keedy. a New Tork attorney,
to-day was appointed prosecuting at
torney for the Panama canal« zone.
Keedy served as prosecuting attorney
in Porto Rico during the Davis ad
ministration as military Governor,
and prepared the code of laws after
ward adopted by the Legislature and
now in force.
J. Marbourg Keedy, Who Served In
Porto Rico, Will Be Located In
Panama.
NEW WORKER CHOSEN
ATTORNEY FOR CANAL ZONE
Christian Endcavorers Elect Officers.
SANTA CRUZ. July 20.— The State
Christian Endeavor convention now
in session at Garfleld Park has elected
the following 'officers to serve during
the ensuing term: President, Lee
Trimble, Watsonville; first vice pres
ident, John Littler, San Jose: second
vice president. Miss Laura Hocken
smith, Santa Rosa; secretary,; Miss A.
C. Harvey, Fresno; treasurer, Miss
Victorine Hartley, Berkeley.
FRANKLIN, Pa., July 20. — S. P.
McCalmont, an eccentric millionaire,
who died last week, devised a way to
prevent, in temperance among his heirs.
His will, just filed, excludes as bene
ficiaries any child who indulges in the
use of liquor, tobacco or narcotic
drugs. The entire estate goes into the
hands of the executor, who shall man
age it and divide annually the pro
ceeds among only such children as do
not use tobacco, liquor or; narcotic
dfHigs in any form or in any quantity.
Eccentric Millionaire Devises Unique
Plan to Prevent Intemperance
Among His Heirs.
ONLY TEETOTALERS MAY ~
SHARE IN HIS ESTATE
ST. DOUIS, July 20.— An applica
tion was made to-day for a receiver
for the Jerusalem Exhibit Company
and the Oriental Construction Com
pany. World's Fair concerns, and the
appointment of a new trustee in place
of the Germania Trust Company of
St. Louis. It Is alleged that the Jeru
salem and Oriental companies owe
$40,000 to St. Louis merchants and
several thousand dollars to employes.
Jerusalem Exhibit Company and Ori
ental Construction Concern
Seized by Creditors.
FAIR CONCESSIONS
GO TO BANKRUPTCY
COLFAX. July 20.— Car Inspector
Priskett narrowly escaped being killed
to-day while repairing the air brakes
of a car attached to a passenger train.
The conductor irave the order for the
train to proceed while .Priskett was
under the car. Priskett managed to
Kret hold of a beam, however, and
clung to It until the engineer, whose
attention was called to the Inspector's
hazardous position by a bystander,
brought the train to a standstill. Pris
kett was considerably bruised on the
body by being dragged over the ties.
The conductor who was responsible
for the accident was discharged.
Condnctor Orders Enjineer to Start
Up Train While Fellow Employe
Is Repairing Air Brakes.
CAR EVSPECTOR XARROWLY
ESCAPES BEING KILLED
OMAHA. Nebr., July 20.— Joseph
Biganego of Oakland, Cal., was in
jured in a wreck on the Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul Railroad just east
of here last night. Two rear cars of
the California express, on which he
was traveling, were derailed on a
sharp curve and one of them over
turned. BIganego was the only person
Injured beyond slight bruises. He was
taken to a hospital, where his wounds
were dressed, and to-day he was able
to proceed on his journey westward.
Cars Are Derailed Xear Omaha and
an Oakland Man Is Seri
ously Injured.
CALJFORXIAN IS HURT
Df RAILROAD WRECK
The following army order has been
Issued: Lieutenant S. J. Graham, de
tached from the Wheeling and will
proceed to Mare Island for examina
tion for promotion, thence home to
await orders.
The following army orders have
been Issued: Second Lieutenant Ro
land B. Ellis. Thirteenth Cavalry will
report to Colonel Owen J. Sweet at
the Presidio at such time as fie be re
quired for competitive examination
for promotion.
Charles H. Hanke has been appoint
ed rural carrier at Sander, Ca]., -and
W. F. Hanke substitute.
The following postmasters have
been commissioned: California Nel
lie B. Bishop, Bostonla; Robert Hurl
but, Merrillville.
Additional rural service route 2 will
be established at Pomona, Los Ange
les County, on August 15. The" area
covered is seven square miles; popula
tion served. 1000.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Lllla E.
Bell was to-day appointed postmaster
at Bellvale, San Mateo County, vice
James W. Bell, deceased.
Several Orders Affecting the Postal
Service of California
Are Made.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
REDDING. July 20.— Four freight cara an*
two oil tanks were piled up in wreckage ft*
Edg*wood this rooming, having left the ratls
as a result of a broken fiange. No on* was
Injured In the wreck.
STOCK REDUCTION.— CcrtMcates of re
duction of capital stock were filed t*lth tha
County Clerk yesterday by the San Francisco
Jockey Club and the Pacific Coast Jockey Club,
the former cutting the value of Its capitaliza
tion to S1C01 25 and the latter to $1240 SO.
The action wa» taken by the two racing con
cerns on May 13 and March 1 respectively.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba, July 20.
Word has been received from Ottawa
that Sir Frederick Borden has about
completed a contract with the Arm
etrong-Whlteworth firm In England
to build a large ammunition factory
near Winnipeg, one at Ottawa and a
third probably at Vancouver. The
one to be built at Ottawa will produce
<0. 000,000 rounds annually.
Blr Frederick Borden Closes Contract
With English Firm for Three
Large Plants.
CANADA WILL HAVE
AMMUNITION FACTORIES
NEW YORK. July 20. — Henry Tu
dor, a Boston millionaire, is reported
to have disappeared from his hotel
here and no trace of his whereabouts
has been found. Charles Blakely,
his guardian, reported the disappear
ance to the police.
Tudor is 53 years old. Three years
ago his relatives, had Attorney Blake
ly appointed as his guardian. When
Tudor was asked by the Judge be
fore whom the guardianship pro
ceedings were heard what was the
matter with him he answered, "Finan
cial effervescence."
Police Are Searching for^ Henry
Tudor, Who Escaped From His
Guardian.
boston millionaire;
suddenly disappears
YANKTON. S. D., July 20. — Over
5000 registered for Rosebud land here
to-day, bringing the total at this point
to 46,670. The crush of visitors in
the town Is unprecedented.
BONESTEEL, S. DCJ July 20. — As
the time for closing the registering
for the Rosebud land opening draws
near the excitement increases. Two
and three sections of each passenger
train are arriving, bringing thousands
of belated homeseekers. A few street
brawls have occurred, but no serious
trouble has resulted.
Excitement In South Dakota Unpre
cedented and 46,000 Applicants
Have Registered.
THOUSANDS CLAMOR
FOR- GOVERNMENT IiANDS
the Movements of American
Widow Watched.
BERLIN. July 20. — Secretary
Loomis cabled Instructions to this city
to-day arranging for the shadowing
of Mrs. Orme, an American widow, a
fellow passenger of his dead brother
on board the Kaiser Wilhelm II. Mrs.
Orme was In Berlin early in July and
left July 12 for Dresden and Vienna,
where efforts will be made to trace
her.
PLYMOUTH, July 20. — The body of
Frederick Kent Loomis la now here.
It is expected that It will be sent to
New York on the American Lln«
steamship St. Paul on July 23.
Victim's Brother Arranges to Have
SEEKING INFORMATION
ABOUT IX>OMIS' DEATH
San Franci3co — J. F. Donovan. H. H. Rey
nolds. H. Bradford. Miss H. J. Wood. Mlsu M.
KolrfTts. Mrs. H. V. Roberts. I*. Bettman, V.
Bailey. A. C. Miller. G. W. Wllcox. Mrs. O. D.
Kelly, R, Chahiley, Mrs. J. Wood, M. SchoflelJ,
T. McGrath, J. Munroe, Mrs. M. Waters, F.
J. Johneon and wife. Dr. N. T. Coulson,
B. M. Jotcph. C. Blanchard, H. C. Walker.
Lus Angelas— V. H. Collier, I* Gregory, S. I.
Merrill. Mrs. E. G. Sutter, U. MacL>onald. I;
Hutchlr.son. F. A. V/iscr and wife, E. T.
Manlpy. B. R. Bishop. F. Sheeneman, Miss O.
Flint, F. Ireland. B. S. Hook. E. Kuny. A. J.
Muller. J. F. Maler and wife. M. J. Mullen.
J. F. Mullen. I. .Kahn. Dr. W. T. McArthur
and wif*. F. .Tew«l, J. S. Glass, M. J. Le Sase.
Miscellaneous — Mrs. W. R. Ireland, Los
Gatos; W. B. Hay. C. L. Wilson. Alameda;
J. Martin. W. Gnrra. L. Hermann, Pasadena;
G. A. Jenson and wife, D. L. Beard, Napa;
S Knapp, Anaheim; B. Crockett. El Monte;
J: G. Warner. Hollywood: Mrs. F. J. Crease.
Baltersneld; Mrs. J. M. Dennis, Kan Jose; E.
R. Spanler. Oakland: Mrs. C. C. Sinapron, P.
Young. Berkeley; W. D. Hall, Miss I\ Wall,
Kanta Ana; J. W. French. San Jose; C.
Gentry. KMwanda; Mrs. J. M. Carroll, Mls3
M P". Lyman. F. J. Welch. G. W. Gre«n.
Ri\>rstde: R. Gray. Ontario: E. A. Rowe.
Fresno: C. John*on. Pacific Grove; K. Willis.
W. F. R«aeer. J. L. Pendleton
and wife. Saratoga; N. H. I^Kgrett, /Tulare;
A L. McCray. Fresno: E. H. Rings. «lverside;
P. W Kauffman. Pomona: M. Barry and
daughter. Kan Jose: F. P. Piety. Hollywood;
J. O. Taylor. San Dleso: W. Both. Riverside;
A. L. L. Caffrey, Santa Barbara; E. Willis,
Sacramento.
ST. LOUIS. July 20.— The follow
ing Californians are registered at the
California building:
Persons From Every Section of the
SUUe Sec Sights at the
Exposition.
MANY CALIFORNIANS
ATTENDING THE FAIR
BERLIN, July 20. — According to
the Tag-eblatt the negotiations between
M. Witte. president of the Russian com
mittee of Ministers, and Chancellor
von Bulow on the subject of a new
Russo-German commercial treaty have
been successfully completed, Russia
accepting the German minimum duties
on grains and Germany making some
concessions to facilitate the importa
tion of Russian cattle and meats.
RUSSIA AND GERMANY
COMPLETE NEW TREATY
Concessions Are Granted on Both
Sides to Promote Commercial
Intercourse.
Mrs. Maybrick's Imprisonment was
not terminated with the clanging of
doors at Aylesbury Prison, where she
spent more than fourteen years of her
life. It closed before the doors of the
white convent of the Sisterhood of the
Epiphany in this little town, with the
black-robed sisters softly uttering their
blessings and good wishes for her fu
ture. With tvro companions, Mrs. May
brick entered the carriage of Miss Dal
rymple, secretary of the sisterhood, and
was driven rapidly to Stausstel, a small
station fourteen miles away, where,
after exchanging gocrd-bys with her
companions, she boarded a train and
started on her journey to France. She
will not go to America until her pres
ence there is considered imperatively
necessary.
Secrecy was thrown about Mrs. May
brick's departure. Mother Superior
Julian of the convent said to a repre
sentative of the Associated Press that
under instructions she must refer all
inquiries to the Home Office. Others
at the convent were equally uncom
municative. At the railroad station or
ders were Issued forbidding the em
ployes to discuss Mrs. Maybrick.
The little town has taken deep In
terest In this international figure.
Crowds daily stood at the gate of the
grounds waiting for Mtb. Maybrick to
appear. They were rarely rewarded,
for she generally went out only when
the roadi was reported clear.
When Mrs. Maybrick first arrived
here she was kept under strict surveil
lance. Subsequently she was allowed
to walk in the quiet streets of the
town and in the country lanes.
The villagers soon got to recognize
the black-robed woman, with black
bonnet and flowing strings, and gave
her kindly greetings, which frequently
passed unnoticed. Mrs. Maybrick seek
ing so far as possible to avoid the at
tention of the curious. Her time at the
convent was taken up by sewing, reed
ing and chatting with the sisters, en
dearing herself to them by many acts
showing that even the many years of
servitude at Aylesbury Prison had been
unable to stamp out her innate kindly
disposition. •
TRURO, Cornwall, England, July 20.
Mrs. Maybrick is free. She left here at
11:43 a. m. to-day on her way to
France.
them to find her not guilty In the face
of the medical evidence. The Judge
died some time later In a madhouse.
From the time of Mrs^ Maybrlck's
conviction her mother, the Barones3 de
Roques, was unremitting in her efforts
on^ behalf of the prisoner. She suc
ceeded in getting her death sentence
commuted to penal servitude for life
and finally has obtained the freedom of
her daughter, to whose release from
prison she has devoted her life. The
Baroness was aided by influential
friends on both sides of the Atlantic.
In 1900, after the death of Lord Rus
sell of # KiIlowen, Chief Justice of
England, a letter which he had writ
ten to Mrs. Maybrick in 1895 was dis
covered. It showed he was convinced
that she ought never to have been con
victed and it has been generally sup
posed that all the recent American
Embassadors to the court of St. James
have done all possible to aid in Mrs.
Maybrick's pardon.
The transfer of the prisoner from a
penal prison to a quiet country homo
constituted an almost unprecedented
act on the part of the British authori
ties. It was due to the mediation of
the Duchess of Bedford, who as a
visitor to Aylesbury Prison for many
years had taken a keen personal in
terest in Mrs. Maybrick and finally
succeeded in obtaining the mitigation
of her punishment to the extent of her
being allowed to spend the last six
months of her confinement outside the
prison walls. v
PAWTUCKET, R. I., July 20.— Mr.
and Mrs. I. J. White, of this city are
in receipt of a letter from President
Roosevelt on the birth of their twelfth
child, a son. All the children are alive
and In good health. President Roose
velt said, through Secretary Loeb:
"Your letter of the 7th inst. .has
been received and I beg to thank you
in the President's behalf for writing.
May I ask you to be good enough to
extend to Mr. and Mrs. Whfte the
President's congratulations and best
wishes for themselves and the mem
bers of your family?"
Rhode Island Parents Congratulated
by President Roosevelt on the
Birth of- Twelfth Child.
NO RACE SUICIDE
IN THIS FAMILY
AMERICAN WOMAN TVHO WAS CONVICTED OF POISONING HER HUSBAND
WITH ARSKXIC IN ENGLAND AND FOR WHICH SHE SERVED FOUR
TEEN YEARS IN PRISON. NOW RELEASED BY A PARDON.
NEW YORK, July 20. — Mary Mc-
Cann, a 17-year-old girl, who although
only three days out of the hospital at
North Brother Island, where she had
been ill with scarlet fever, saved six
persons from drowning after they had
jumped from the burning steamer
General Slocum, has appealed to the
postal authorities on North Brother
Island to help her with the enormous
mail which arrives for her each morn
ing. Since the testimony at the Cor
oner's inquest established the fact that
Miss McCann was a heroine she has
received more than 1000 letters con
taining offers of marriage. There are
offers from young men and old men.
from bachelors and widowers.
of Mall.
Heroine of the Slocnm Disaster Is
Unable to Handle Volume
HUNDREDS WANT TO
MARRY MISS McCANN
DANVILLE, Va., July 20. — A mob
of seventy-five men, composed prin
cipally of railroad men, wearing hand
kerchiefs over their faces, made a
demonstration before the city jail
shortly after 2 o'clock this morning
for the purpose of seizing the negro,
Roy Shields, accused of the murder
last Friday of Flagman James Larraes
of the Southern Railway.
Finding that the police were pre
pared the mob did not attempt to
force an entrance to the. jail. After a
half hour it dispersed, the leaders say
ing they would return. The jail is be
ing carefully guarded.
Masked Men Make Demonstration Be
fore Jail, but Disperse Before
. Armed Guards.
MOB THREATENS TO /
V L.YNCH A PRISONER
NEW YORK. July 20. — The body of
Mrs. Gertrude Kramer was found In
her home on East Eightieth street
to-day under conditions which lead
the police to believe the woman was
murdered. The door of her apart
ments was locked with a padlock on
the outside. Mrs. Kramer's body was
found lying on a sofa. Marks on her
throat indicate that she had been mur
dered.
The police are looking for William
Murphy, a streetcar conductor, who
had lived in the Kramer apartments
since Mrs. Kramer and her husband
separated several months ago.
New York Woman Dies • Under
Strange .Conditions and Police
Are Investigating.
WOMAN'S BODY FOUND;
MURDER IS SUSPECTED
LONDON, July 20. — The freedom of
the city of London was presented to
Lord Curzon of Keddleston, Viceroy
of India, at Guildhall to-day with all
the customary ceremonial.
In a speech Lord Curzon said the
Tibetans' insults could not any longer
Le borne. He was sent to India for
the purpose, among other things, of
guarding the British frontier and he
hoped that as a result of the expedi
tion to Tibet the political unrest in
that country would cease and that
harmonious relations between India
and Tibet would gradually be built up.
ViceroT of India Is Honored by Eng
lishmen With Customary High
Ceremonies.
CUKZOX IS TENDERED
FREEDOM OF LOXDON'
(a) A reneral tariff consisting of a
local scale of duties for foreign coun
tries admitting British wares on fair
terms.
(b) A preferential tariff, lower than
the general tariff, for the colonies, giv
ing adequate preference to British
manufacturers and framed to secure
freer trade within the British Empire.
(c) A maximum tariff consisting of
comparatively higher duties but sub
ject to reduction by negotiation to the
level of the general tariff.
The report, which is signed by fifty
eight commissioners, is very bulky and
gives the evidence of British manu
facturers, the evidence given before
the United States Industrial Commis
sion en iron and steel Industries, the
organization and working of German
kartels and a vast amount of sta
tistics, etc
LONDON, July 20.— The report of
Joseph Chamberlain's tariff commis
sion on the iron and steel trades ar
rives at the conclusion that the de
cline of the British iron and steel
Industry is due to the fact that the
manufacturers of America and Ger
many have secured control of the
home markets by means of high tariffs
and an organized system regulating
their export tra.de, that they are in a
position to damp their surplus products
on the British and other markets Ir
respective of cost, and that tha dump
ing could not be carried on except for
the British system of free Imports. The
committee expresses the opinion that
the situation can only be remedied by
a system of tariffs arranged aa fol
lows:
Harcourt was brought to Tucson by
Bartlett, who enjoyed Steinfeld's confi
dence and often borrowed money from
him, with the intention of ., defrauding
his benefactor, so it is charged in the
complaint. Barttett introduced Har
court to Steinfeld, representing that the
latter wished to purchase a half in
terest in tae gambling hall, that he had
no money with which to make the deal,
but possessed $23,000 v.orth of diamonds
and jewelry which he wished to put up
as security with Steinfeld for a loan
of 115,000. He Had pawn:: the jewelry
at Los Angeles for $6000, he said, and
it had been forwarded to hin". through
the express office to be delivered on the
payment of that amount. Steinfeld
loaned the money to Harcourt on Bart
lett's verbal guarantee that the
diamonds were worth the amount.
Bartlett explained that Harcourt had
po much valuable jewelry In his pos
session because he played the races and
invested his earnings that way to pre
vent losing all at one time. A few
nights after the loan had been made,
Harcourt lost $5000 at roulette in Bart
lett's establishment and together they
left for New York. Steinfeld soon
learned that Harcourt had no inten
tion of going into business with Bart
lett. The jewelry was packed up and
sent to a New York expert, who valued
it at $550. When Bartlett returned he
complained that he, too, had been
taken in by Harcourt, but Steinfeld
knew they had been life-long friends
and, refusing to believe Bartlett, filed
the suit for damages against him. It Is
said that Harcourt stopped at Bisbee,
while in the Territory, and sold W. H.
Brophy, president of the Bank of Bis
bee, the same kind of a gold brick,
bunkoing him out of $2000.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 20.— Albert
Steinfeld, a well-known • merchant of
Arizona and a millionaire mine owner,
has been swindled out of nearly $15,000,
it is said, by Ezra Bartlett, keeper of a
gambling hall at Tucson, and J. F.
Harcourt, an alleged confederate and
New York diamond sharp. Harcourt
has flown and Steinfeld brought suit at
Tucson to-day to recover the $15,000
from Bartlett.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARTINGTON, Neb., July 20.— In re
sponse to a telegram from the United
States military- authorities Edwin
Johnson was arrested yesterday at the
home of his parents near here on the
charge of desertion from the army.
When making the arrest the Sheriff
discovered that the young man had
been shot, and upon inquiry was in
formed that young Johnson had shot
himself in the left shoulder late the
evening before.
Johnson had been courting Miss
Winsate, a Cedar County teacher, who
resides with her parents in the neigh
borhood, until it was brought to a sud
den termination by the interference of
the young woman's father. The young
man in his desperation resolved to en
list in the army. He did so and for
about eight weeks was quartered with
his regiment at San Francisco. How
ever, he learned to his sorrow that his
love for the young woman was strong
er than his oath of allegiance as a sol
dier and he deserted his regiment and
fled to his home to renew his suit. Miss
Wingate ' refused to listen to his en
treaties, having been forbidden by her
father to have anything more to do
with him, whereupon Johnson threat
ened to shoot himself.
Johnson insisted on visiting .the
Wingate home on Monday evening and
Wingate ordered him away with a
threat that he would shoot him should
he come back. Then Johnson moved
off to an adjoining field and deliberate
ly shot himself. The prisoner 'is now
lodged in the county Jail, waiting the
orders of the United States authorities.
The doctors probed for the bullet, but
they were unable to llnd it.' Another
effort will be made with the assistance
of the X-ray, i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Secretary Recom
mends a System of Three
Grades of Duties for Goods
t mi 1 ni n '
Learns That Stones Given
Him as Security for a
Loan Are of Little Value
Young Man Tries* to Kill
Himself After the Irate
Father Orders Him Away
SUGGESTS A REMEDY
FRIEND DECEIVES HIM
PARENT MAKES TROUBLE
Joseph Chamberlain Gives
Reasons for Falling Off
in British Iron Industry
Millionaire Mine Owner of
Arizona Says That He Was
Swindled Out of $15,000
Nebraska Youth, When Jilt
ed, Shoots Himself and Is
Arrested by the Military
SAYS TARIFFS
CAUSE DECLINE
DESERTS ARMY
FOR OLD LOVE
SUIT FOLLOWS
DIAMOND DEAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21. 190«.
MRS. MAYBRICK FREE AFTER
LONG TERM OF SERVITUDE
Distinguished Prisoner Leaves Convent of the Sisters df
the Epiprnny in Truro, England, and Goes to France,
Where She Will Remain Until She Is Required in America
3
IN THE SUMMER.
During the summer months
some member of the family is sure
to suffer from Cramps, Bowel
Complaint or Diarrhoea. Always
keep a bottle of Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters in the house for such
cases. A dose at the first symp-
tom will afford 'prompt relief.
Then it also cures Headache!
Belching, Poor Appetite, Nausea,
Indigestion, Dyspepsia and Ma-
laria. Try one bottle. The gen-
uine has our Private Stamp over
the neck.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTTSraiENTS;
QeesoQoeo«QGCQO©6$GQOQdoeoedo®dO9oe€3£>c@a5G3<»
S uf^fiS&k' Mr. W.F. Quite olCcdarvillc •
° /$llillls?§&v Sings the Praises oi Dr. ©
o WJ^^lsb' McLaughlm's fidL %
© «au^ Cedarville. C4l.. March 10, 1904. J
© /^ "*>^5fc'' S?S3?*yv7 Dr - ilcl<auth!!n — Dear Sir: 1 biv« 9
© (ipt 5C^**t/d1 b*en wearing your Belt a month to-day. ©
«» Yu. Eif'uT^TrJM II is a11 rtKhl - for - ln addition to iin- jj
?? . V W 3jl\\\l)i8*Br provlns my em«rml health. It cured a
" V» /^*«Nu4*f£/ *ore hand that has cost me S1X0O !n doc- *r
® \ /aBgjjy^y . tors" bills and has trGubW m» con- 3
Q V £f^!»un$iySi tinuously for t*n years. Th« pain* la ©
ft V irtisH ¦ m y back and le K have cone and alto- £
O J\ __ jiSf*? gether I think the Belt Is a pr?at thins A
JL and shall he Rlad to recommend It. Jf
.^wlX. ~^5?a£a7S&Sfc. Thanktnjc you for what you have dom j»
9 i0T me " I remaln >' ours respectfully. &
1 And II wm to** *™ 2
© ikW^t^ilalfllllHI *o man should be weak: no man O
© *\\\%\\\m\\mm^ Zft^W/ IM IM Cement which renders life worth Q
m W\HMW///IIh' llvin *- No man Rhould allow hlm " 2
2 V »\\\\vA\\¥^^ra/^/W////////// self to become less a man than na- "Z
9 n\\vV\\\u\S^y^^///w///l' ture intended him; no man should J
® *w\v^VPwS!aw//////' suffer for the sins of his youth, g
9 vWra/v/' when there is here at hand a certain •
© Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and J*
© nerves, from which you men suffer, are due t\f an early loss of nature's w
© reserve power through mistakes of youth. Tou need not suffer for this. 9
O You can be restored. The very element which you have lost you can set •
A back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives. . O
2 My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory (free) will restore q
S your power. It will check all unnatural drains and give back the old vigor q
JJ of youth. ~~ m a
5 What ails you? Write and tell me. and no matter where you are. I X
© think I can give you the address of some one in your town that I have JJ
• cured. I've cured thousands, and every man of them Is a walking adver- **
O tlsement for my Belt. 2
© Every man who ever used it recommends It because it is honest. It V
« does'g»eat work and those whom I have cured are the more grateful be- 0
g\ cause the cure cost so little. ' ©
J? ' Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and the counsel of a pny- q
*J sician free. I can give you all that any medical man can give you. and a
© lot that he can't. . .*
© Try my Belt. Call or write me to-day for my beautifully Illustrated W
G book, with cuts showing how my Belt is applied and lots of good reading <P
i> for men who want to be ."The Noblest Work of God." A MAN. Inclose this ©
0 ad. and I will send this book, sealed, free. Call for free consultation. ©
8 dr. M.c. Mclaughlin, 1^ •
© Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8:30 p.m. Sundays. 10 to 1. •
• NEVER SOLD BT DRUG STORES OR AGENTS. »
See©©©©©©©©© •©©©•••••••©•••••••••• •©•©•••••••
j _ uwiXnjx
¦'• % **lii A Beautl * ul Youn S Society
'^^*^0i Woman's Letter. j
/ \ \ # • st * Paul * Mmn -
y/.'s • - . ' "^S Dr ' Hartman « Columbus, O..
M^£f T&s- ''~^*jffim \ -^ when I was all run down, and
IBB ¦ -^Krvlli P^ hada headache and backache,
IE§ia /? *~^3UBbB Wl" and no ambition /or anything.
B*/' I now feel as well as I ever did
llpF/ . §|i|% in all my life, and all thanks
\\ .. '•t- <£>3IIS 1 The symptoms of summer ca- ,
f ' % ' i- W"&'«3S* 1 3S'J tarrh are quite unlike in dlffer-
g# I A fi?2£lPiOi 1 * nt casea - bu ' the most common
v 1 « ¦% XSwJr/%B$SK§ ones are general lassitude, play- |
' % ji^W^&Xtnftmw ed-out, tired-out, used-up, run- !
•1 | . J down feelings, combined with
< ¦¦&'¦¦ - ¦ X?3fi!r&%$i more or lMS h'avy. stupid. 11st-
*7\'ms * S&ffli&sS&m-m less - m«ntal condition. Relish
? ;?WX* - tfi^S^lf tor food and the ability to di-
-i&P*" - J&&4 Skin eruptions, »allo-*c com- ;
WtfaWEb*. *'•¦ i^Si^^ra >S/?fe?v t plexlon, biliousness, coated '¦
•f'lH* if' &£nj£fi • -3.vH/<4* tongue, fitful, irregular sle«p. ,
i* tf&i-- ' ' J&*MU&£} - '¦¦ **' ¦"' hel P t0 complete th* picture |
V^W*'* *1IF Wi £aso h n. !a 8 ° COmmQa at tWs i
l>. v'^J&P^Vrf^SS'fsf - " ¦ % -*'*'i| 5 ' Peruna so exactly meets all
r : t- : a^^^is ' "*.'¦•¦ tn« a « conditions that the de- |
11 -i&^Wl " ' ' ** mand is so great for this rem-
%&&¦'' jSBBB^'iJmBb a 'si edy at this season of the year
I * g| fmE£^**Jya '-' ' that il * s nearly impossible to
| yy ' ' Pe-ru-na Contains No Narcotics
I ¦¦¦¦¦ % .' ¦ ;: '.' ; v-;% ¦' : One reason why Peruna has
/ ¦¦¦¦¦;¦¦¦ • %, ¦ >^ : i found permanent use In so many
f ? fa ¦¦^BlBBHtt-'-'-' • ¦¦•V :: - homes is that it contains no nar-
f i $& ¦ ¦¦> -¦ ;|: ' : - - i * cotics of a ny kind. Peruna Is
I " m "^SsStt " > r I perfectly harmless. It can b«
?4 ' : - 'ffli ¦•" : •¦*¦¦¦'¦-.•' I ¦'. use< * an y length of time without
i \\ 1 >fxQ&L ¦ ¦ "' ; '' : "¦¦ >II«l£Jirs:^'' : acquiring the drug habit.
Thousands of women suffer from pelvic catarrh and catarrhaf ner-
vousness and don't know it If you feel fagged out, begin at once taking
Dr. Hariman's Peruna. It wilt relieve your catarrhaf affliction and
all your organs will be restored to health. Buy a bottle to-day, as it
will immediately alleviate your case.SEARCH FOIt GIRL.— The police are Indus
triously cearchlng for a MtM Nellie B. Boyer.
a telephone girl, 32 years old. who disappeared
from j her home In Plttsburg In 1901. She Is
believed \g be in this city.
Royal automobiles are exempt in
England from the numbering regula
tions. But the Prince of Wales has
had his auto registered and numbered,
because he thinks it will be less con
spicuous that way.
EUREKA, July 20. — Word arrived
here at midnight to-night that two
men traveling in a private rig were,
killed on the overland stage route this
evening by a tree falling upon them.
It is believed they are campers from
San Francisco.
Killed by a Falling Tree.
NEW YORK, July 20.— Four thou
sand union carpenters who have been
locked out by the Building Trades'
Employers* Association have decided
to remain idle indefinitely, pending a
hard and fast interpretation of the
general arbitration agreement under
which tliey have recently labored,
with special reference to that part
binding the employers to use only
union men. The lockout was precipi
tated by the alleged employment ; of
non-union men by one contractor.
Striking Carpenters Find New Way to
Resist Lockout.
WILL REMAIN IDLE.
Three Costellos think that they
have been wrongfully treated by a
fourth. of the name in the matter of
the purchase of a lot on Prescott court
from Mary Gosland for the sum of
$750. A suit was commenced yester
day against Richard Angelo Costello
by Antoinette Costello, Louis C. Cos
tello and John C. Costello, in which it
is alleged that Antoinette gave Rich
ard the money' to buy the property,
with the understanding that the three
plaintiffs were to have a third Interest
each. Instead of .following instruc
tions Richard is said to have had the
deed to the lot made out in his own
name. Now the others seek to recover
through the courts.
Costellos in Conflict.
GRAND FORKS, N. D..,July 20.— The
Republican State Convention to-day
nominated the following ticket: Gov
ernor, E. Y. Searles of Hlllsboro; Lieu
tenant Governor, David Bartlett; Sec
retary of State, Edward F. Porter;
Auditor, H. L. Holmes; Treasurer, A.
F. Peterson; Superintendent of Schools,
A. F. Stockwell; Insurance Commis
sioner, E. F. Cooper.
North Dakota Nominees.
PARIS, July 20. — American Consul
General Gowdy is investigating the
death of Colonel George Wilson, who
fired several shots at Mile. Charlotte
Murmann, a lady's maid, and after
ward shot himself through the head.
Although Wilson was generally re
ferred to as a retired American colonel
the effects of the deceased show that
his only military connection was that
of a member of the Thirteenth Bat
tery, New York Volunteers, during the
War of the Rebellion. .
Police Are Investigating Cause Which
Induced Colonel Wilson to
End His Life.
MYSTERY IX DEATH OF
A3IERICAN IN PARIS
Chief Wittman received a telegram
from Sheriff Pond of Hamilton, Mont.,
last night stating that he had captur
ed Benjamin F. Germain. Germain is
wanted by the police for bigamy. The
captured man a short time ago mar
ried Virginia H. Parker, a young
woman who kept a small store In this
city. Shortly after he robbed her of
$300, which he received for selling: a
piece of her property* in Alameda
County. He left town and went north
and Miss Parker learned that he had
a wife living in or about Seattle. She
notified the police, who have been
looking for him, holding warrants
against him for grand larceny and big
amy. Wittman will send for the pris
oner.
Gennain Caught in -Montana.
ESOPUS, N. Y-. July 20. — Former
Senator Davis arrived at Esopus to
day, accompanied by Norman E. Mack
of New York and D. J. Campau of
Michigan.
After luncheon Judge Parker and
Senator Davis first went patiently
through the process of being pho
tographed in various poses and then
entered upon a conference which
lasted more than three hours.
Democratic Xominees Have a Confer
ence nt the Judge's Home.
DAVIS VISITS PARKER,
The resolutions adopted are peculiar
in that they not only indorse the nomi
nees of the St. Louis convention, but
wind up with glowing praise of "that
matchless exponent of Democracy,
William J. Bryan."
ABERDEEN, S. D., July 20. — The
South Dakota Democratic Convention
to-day nominated the following ticket:
Governor, L. W. Crill, Elk Point; Lieu
tenant Governor, Fred' S. Rowe; Sec
retary of State. John Wade; Auditor,
M. M. Bennett; Superintendent of
Schools, Miss Emily Meade; Attorney
General, Olaf Eidorn; Railroad Com
missioner, Frank Apt; Treasurer, P. F.
McClure; Commissioner of Public
Lands, H. Peever.
Democratic Convention Completes Its
List of State Xominees.
TICKET IX SOUTH DAKOTA.
The convention was notably harmo
nious, every candidate but for Railroad
Commissioner being nominated by ac
clamation. The session was one of the
briefest held in years and it was
marked by but one enthusiastic demon
stration—that which greeted Governor
Cummins when his name waa read in
the resolutions.
Governor Cummins made a short
speech. He declared himself in perfect
accord with the address of Congress
man Hepburn, a leading "stand pat
ter," and as he continued In this har
monious vein he was accorded cheer
upon cheer.
The resolutions adopted are brief and
they include nothing to give offense to
the Iowa idea minority.
DES MOINES, Iowa, July 20.— The
following ticket was nominated by the
Republicans of Iowa to-day: Secretary
of State, W. B. Martin; Treasurer, G.
B. Gilbertson; Auditor, B. F. Carroll;
Attorney General, C. W. Mullan; Su
preme Judge, H. E. Beemer; Railroad
Commissioner, N. S. Ketchum; Electors
at large, E. H. Ormsby and J. H. Tre
win.
IIARMOXY IX IOWA.
Republican Factions Bury All Differ-
ences In State Convention.
Will Try to Reopen Lumber Plant.
REDDING, July 20. — Assistant Man
ager Wisdom of the Scott & Van Ars
dale Lumber Company, which oper
ates the largest lumber plant in the
State at McCloud, Siskiyou County,
will try to resume work at the saw
mills, planing mills and box factories
to-morrow without the help of the 550
Italians who struck several days ago,
demanding that their hours be reduced
from eleven to ten a day or that their
wages be Increased from $2 to $2 25.
The manager believes that he can get
along without the Italians.
I consider American universities the best In
the world. The faculty take more Interest in
the student* than those of any other land.
The requirements are more strict than In Eng
land, Germany, France and Italy. I have
visited these countries with a view to the
future education of our Chinese youths, and
after a thorough investigation have come to
the conclusion that America Is the best land
for students from China.
The old spirit of conservatism Is being rap
idly changed to a strong sentiment of liber
ality pr.<l progress*. You see none of us wear
the old-ttmo badce of the Chinese, the queue.
It Is being discarded, even In China.
The sons of officials and wealthy men are
sent to universities to study foreign languages
and sciences.
China is making great strides toward the goal
of mrde'-n civilization and learning. 1 believe the
fact i« known to few that the most powerful
viceroys In the klnsdom have petitioned the Em
l>eror for a constitutional convention and that
lt wl!l probably b« called soon. It Is pro
poped to establish an upper house of parlia
ment at once.
Under the guidance of Chan Chentao
Inspector of education at Canton and
Kwangsi, fifteen sons of the highest
Chinese official class arrived here yes
terday. The boys have come to be
educated in the leading American uni
versities, in accordance with the new
policy of their Government.
They are grave, studious youths who
have already acquired all the knowledge
that their own colleges could give.
When they receive their degrees here
they will be recalled and installed in
high positions in their own country.
Mr. Chentao is himself an example of
the new movement. He graduated from
the University of California in 1902, re
ceiving the degree of M. S. His Govern
ment summoned him home and elevated
him to the position he occupies, a very
important one.
Acting on the advice of Chentao, the
Chinese Government has decided to
send the majority of Its students to
America. Chentao has investigated the
educational facilities of all nations and
has decided that those of the United
States are the most thorough. •
As a sign of their liberality the fif
teen seekers of Knowledge have dis
carded their queus — the ancient badge
of conservatism. As one of the boys,
Shem Tim Chingr, is the son of the
Lord Mayor of Peking this fact is sig
nificant in pointing how far the new
movement in China Is progressing. The
youths will remain in San Francisco
for two months to prepare for en
trance examinations. Columbia^ Cornell
and Yale colleges are the institutions
selected by Chentao for his charges.
Two of the boys will b.e sent to West
Point by special arrangement' to pre
pare themselves for high military posi
tions.
Mr. Chentao has the following to say
regarding the "awakening of China":
Chentao Heads Party
of Earnest Boy
Students. v
CHAN CHENTAO. WHO HAS
CHARGE OF A PARTY OF CHI
NESE STUDENTS.
WASHINGTON. July 20.— Accord- j
ing to the statements of labor leaders
made here to-night the American Fed- i
eration of Labor is behind the strike '
of bricklayers at the arsenal and is j
bound to make a test case on the is- j
sue of non-union men being employed I
by the Government. Work on the j
War College buildings is tied up on i
account of the strike declared yester- '
day.
In the case of the Bricklayers' j
Union this particular action in de- j
daring a strike at the arsenal is the ;
result of a change in the constitution
made last winter which does away
with the old clause in which It was
stipulated that no union regulations i
would be applied to Government con- i
tracts. The constitution as it now ;
stands makes no exception for any
kind of work. ;
STRIKE OX FEDERAL WORK.
"While the Democratic rank and
file trembled and waited, the voice of
a quiet, reserved and able man rang
out above all the convention clamor,
drowning the roisterous hum of con
vention diplomacy. In tones of au
thority and leadership the message
went forth demanding the gold stand
ard.
"I believe no man ever did so much
for a cause and. in so many directions
in so short a time and in so compact
a form as was done by our candidate
when he sent this message to the St.
Louis convention."
"If sometimes during the last week
those most earnestly and prayerfully
solicitous for a complete restoration
of the Democratic party to health and
sanity have felt depressed by certain
convention incidents relating to the
money question, it Is certainly now
time for them and for all who love true
Democracy to calmly survey the situa
tion as it appears since the dust and
swelter of the convention controversy
have passed away.
"No action of the Democracy's rep
resentatives assembled in the late con
vention can be construed in any other
way than as an acknowledgment of
the establishment of a gold standard
and a willing pledge to its mainte
nance.
NEW YORK, • July 20. — "Steady,
Democrats! Steady!" is the title of an
article by Grover Cleveland which will
be printed in Collier's for July 23. In
it Cleveland lauds the action of Judge
Parker in sending the "gold telegram"
to the St. Louis convention and ex
presses satisfaction with the platform
and outlook as follows:
Praises Jurist's Action in Sending Gold
Telejjimm to Convention.
CLEVELAND LAUDS PARKER.
FALL RIVER, Mass., July 20.—Un
less the cotton mill owners of this city
who operate what are known as union I
plants abandon their announced inten- j
tlon of inaugurating on Monday next j
a new scale of wages which would re- j
duce the earnings of their employes
12% per cent 31.000 operatives will
stop work following the strike vote
cast to-night by the Textile Workers' j
Unfon.
By a vote of 1510 to 396 the union
men decided to strike Monday, disre- j
garding the suggestion of the Textile I
Council that a strike was inadvisable
at this time. ' It is the general belief
in this city that the mill owners will
reconsider their decision "to reduce
wages and so avoid a strike. This be
lief is based on the argument of the
union 'leaders that the cotton and I
cloth markets are in such condition |
that a shut down at this time would (
be ruinous to the. manufacturers. j
A meeting of Thirtieth Assembly
District voters was held last evening
at 'Butchers' Hall, corner of Folsorn
and Eighth streets. A. F. Breslln,
president of the Butchers' Union No.
115, was elected president. The fol
lowing resolution was adopted: 4
Resolved, That as citixens, taxpayer* and
union labor men of the Thirtieth Assembly
District, having Implicit confidence !n the hon
esty and ability of our Assemblyman. Abner
McMahon. w c at this time take the liberty
of expressing; our appreciation of the good
work done by our worthy servant in the past
Legislature; and be it further
Resolved. That as the Twenty- third Sena
torial District, comprising the Thirtieth an«l
Forty-second Assembly districts, which will
be entitled to a State Senator this fall. We
heartily recommend to all citizens, taxpayers
and union labor men of the above districts
Assemblyman Abner McMahon as being wor
thy of their support for State Senator from
the Twenty-third Senatorial District.
Thirtieth District.
"The commercial bodies of Los An
geles," said Flint, "are active and ear
nest in the support of my candidacy.
They hold that Senator Bard's views
against the admission of New Mexico
and Arizona to statehood are contrary
to the commercial sentiments of the
south and there Is a general .feeling in
favor of the election of a young and
active man to represent California in
the United States Senate. There ia
nothing in the story that Judge Me-
Kinley will be brought out as a candi
date. I knew that he had determined
to keep out of the contest as an as
pirant for the place when I announced
my candidacy."
Referring to the proposed caucus to
determine the question of strength in
the south, Flint was asked to name the
counties that should be consulted and
he named Santa Barbara, Ventura, San
Bernardino, Orange, Riverside, Los
Angeles and San Diego, but did not
include Kern and San Luis Obispo.
The most cordial greeting to Flint
in San Francisco was extended yester
day at the office of the senior United
States Senator, George C. Perkins. The
hand of the Senator was freely and
gladly given. .Topics, personal and po
litical, were discussed at length, but
no definite conclusions were reached.
At the Union League Club dedication
in Los Angeles Senator Bard, Henry
T. Oxnard and Frank P. Flint will
meet on neutral ground to promote
Republican success in the campaign.
Ex-State Senator E. C. Voorheis of
Amador and ex-Congressman James A.
Louttit of San Joaquin are in the city.
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles, one of
the well-known candidates from the
south for the office of United States
Senator, arrived in San Francisco yes
terday and was greeted by many
friends. He will remain^here a day or
two and exchange views with lead
ing Republicans. The intelligence comes
from Pasadena that B. W. Hahn, one
of the hold-over ' State Senators, has
pitched his tent In the Flint camp. C.
W. Pendleton and William H. Savage,
who are "hold-overs," have not openly
declared their preferences. At' the pri
mary election on August 9 the Los An
geles Republicans will elect delegates
to nominate eight Assemblymen and
one State Senator. Flint expects to win
the Los Angeles delegation.
• "It is the Judgment of our people,"
said Flint in an interview last night,
"that the Senatorship belongs to the
south and that the Republican aspirant
receiving the indorsement of the ma
jority of the Republican members of
the Legislature from Southern Califor
nia should be chosen United States
Senator. For one, I am willing to go
into caucus on the agreement that the
candidate developing the greatest
strength shall be accepted as the choice
of the southern delegations. My per
sonal relations with Senator Bard and
Mr. Oxnard are friendly. I entertain
the highest respect for both. There is
no truth whatever in the story of bit
terness between myself and Senator
Bard growing out of the appointment
of L. H.* Valentine as my successor in
the office of United States Attorney for
the southern district. I had served
more than four years when my suc
cessor was named. Senator Bard states
the position correctly when he speaks
of the cordial relations existing be
tween us. A friendly personal feeling
exists between Mr. Oxnard and my
self.
Condition of 3Iarket Gives
Hope to Workmen That
Trouble May Be Averted
Story Tljat Judge McKinley
Will Enter the Senatorial
Contest Is Discredited
NEW YORK. July 20.— There was a
scattering to-day of the Democratic
leaders who for the last three days
hare been discussing campaign plans
In this city. Nearly all of them will
return for the meeting of the Demo
cratic National Committee next Tues
day, but all who took part In yester
day's conference agreed that much
progress had been made.
Probably the most Important feature
of the gathering was the discussion of
methods for raising money to meet the
expenses of the campaign. The par
ticipation of August Belmont. Daniel
S. Lamont and Thomas F. Ryan In the
discussion is significant In this connec-
tian. Many other men who are well
known In finance were consulted in
dividually by men who attended the
conference and the result, it was said,
was all that could have been desired.
It has heen decided to leave the ques
tion of choosing the chairman of the
Democratic National Committee to this
committee itself. The announcement
was made to-night that no attempt to
forestall the action of the committee
would be permitted. Thomas Taggart
of Indiana, whose failure to reach this
city in time for the conference caused
surprise, arrived at the Hoffman House
to-night and slipped away to the home
of Brooklyn friends witnout commit
ting himself.
It may be said with certainty that
there will be no opposition to the elec
tion of Senator German to the chair
manship if he can accept and that he
will have the assistance of a strong
committee to relieve him of a portion
of his burdens of office. Senator Gor
man left for Atlantic City to-day, still
strongly opposed to taking the place,
but the leaders have not given up all
hope of persuading him. In case he
insists in refusing to serve, Taggart
probably will be chosen chairman.
CAUCUS IS SUGGESTED
Special Dispatch to The CalL
EIG CUT IS OEDEEED
Threatened Seduction of the
Cotton Employers May Re
sult in a Great Strike
Warm Greeting to Aspirant
Is Extended by the Senior
Senator George C. Perkins
Belmont, Lamont and Ryan, Acting as a Ways and Means Com
mittee for the Managers, Are Pleased With the Results of Their
Interviews With Men of High Standing in the World of Finance
FRANK P. FLINT
COMES TO CITY
TEXTILE MEN
MAY WALK OUT
WALL STREET WILL PROVIDE FUNDS
FOR CAMPAIGN OF JUDGE PARKER
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JULY 21, 1904.
CHINA'S SONS
WILL ATTEND
OUR SCHOOLS
4
4ti The Prospectors."
A full-page drawing by Herman W. Hansen, rep-
resenting a phase in the early days of California.
"On the Beach."
Another full-page drawing by one of The
CALL'S staff of clever artists, John F. Woolrich.
"In the Bishop's Carriage."
Third installment of Miriam Michelson's noted
story.
i Mr. Dooley
vFinley Peter Dunne) on the Political Situation.
i'With the Writers and the Book'
makers."
By The Call's critic. A review of the latest books.
"A Comedy of 'Rebellion."
Written by Clinton Ross of the S. S. McClure
\ Syndicate.
"Joy in Work."
) Another contribution from the pen of the "Par- ,
) son," who has written many clever skits for The
) Sunday CalL
) "Bess, Queen of Strategists."
) Ruth SanteHe's short story.
( "When the Mist Cleared."
\ By Kate M- Cleary.
} "Her Hero."
\ By Lillian G. PaschaL
) "Polly, My Dolly."
) Two full pages of Sheet Music by Michael
I 1 • Kegxize.
"The Girlinthe Three*Quarter Coat"
By Augusta Prescott.
"The Fisherman's Vacation."
\ "The Champion Bear Dog of Potter
County." k
"What Women Want to Know."
By Madge Moore. ,.,- )
"By the Tilt of Her Chin." i
By Helen Rowland. i
"To St Louis With a Suit Case."
"The Marvelous Torpedo." >
"Weutralto All Nations."
"The Amenities of Cheerful Lying."
1 Jerome BL Jerome.
"Fables For the Foolish."
The Matrimony of Matilda, by Nicholas Nemo.
A Full Page ol Name Puzzles.
Be sure to solve these puzzles
and you will be awarded a prize.
In addition to this inviting list of features you will
get that pretty Art Supplement, "HEAD OVER '
HEELS," by Artist Browne, absolutely free of any '
j" V- In the New* Section you will find all of the CITY,
COAST, EASTERN and FOREIGN NEWS, as well
\ as able Editorials on timely topics. ,
1 ' Remember this all goes with Next Sunday's CALL. '
What more can you possibly expect from a newspaper?
I THE CALL Is Sold I
Everywhere. 5c
) Place your order for. NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
i 1 early; you may be too late. ¦ i
Ye Olde Engltah Inn,
144 Mason at. . Best things to eat and
drink at Babs & Jules'. . ; :. A • V-
Mrs. Kooman. of 833 Grant Ave., Schenectady,
I*. Y.. says: "I continued with the medicine
until I had taken five bottles, also two vials of
the 'Pleasant Pellets,' and I was cured, I al-
ways recommend Dr. Pieree's medicines to my
fnenda when they are not well." "
" My daughter is in quite good health, thanks
to Dr. Pierce's medicines. My wishes are that
all who are afflicted mil try them and see what
trsod can be don- for the sick." write* Mrs.
Elizabeth McConell, of Rochester, Ind.
Send « one-cent stamps to Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y., for his Common
Sense Medical Adviser. 1008 na^es.
WHAT OASVSE OF A LETTER.
My Dear Aunt Kate : '
I must tell you the good news. Right
after receiving your letter, the day before
New Year's I started in with new resolu-
tions on the first of the year. I wrote to
Dr. R. V. Pierce, at Buffalo, N. Y., as you
requested me to do. I pave him all my
symptoms, which were that I was tired—
so tired— all the time and did not care to
go anywhere, depressed and aad, and all
ambition gone, backache and a dragged-out
feeling, could not sleep, limbs feelinjr «ore
and aching. I followed the doctor's advice,
which he went to considerable pains to
make plain to me — to rest every day — a nap
after lunch— complete relaxation— cultivate
repose of mind, try not to worry, get as
rauch outdoor air as possible, and prac-
tice long, deep breathing, expanding the
lungs. Then for a uterine tonic. Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription, coupled with a wash
he told me of. I must say that after follow-
ing his advice for four months I feel per-
fectly cured and like a new woman.
Yours affectionally, Jewel.
letters like the above are not unusual.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positlyely cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
| feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dro^rsl-
.' aes3. Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongoa
j Para in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
| Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
\ Small PHI. Small Dose*
Small Price.
' h visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
dMUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ Cr^ T '" le L**p«r Anatomical >Ju .e-m ia the \
V jjjj-,. Wofii Mciir.«i>i or «uy oniract'ri A
6S-£jSSs dllMsc pwill>rlrnrwl.i|>|li:<>Ulil T
/SHI -a i!>« Coic Est. 36 jew. ©
A fl*3t*C DR. JORDAX-DISSASES CF MEM 6
\ f &«3m Con«u!l«i.a fr«« and private. T
A I Jl^WT U Treatment firrtor.i: y or bjr letter. A A
\ H T » If '**""* Ct* in every cmteunclsnaJtea. "
uri IIP 1 V.rltefr B«k. fHII.«<««r«-a ,f /*
X Q Jl vaiuahl* book for raraj »
v ran. jucdas a to. iusi M*r*n*i..s. r. "
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C2O KEAIWV »T. Established
tn 1S34 for the tr»atmrMit «.f l'rlvi«t«
Diseases. J.nst Matiuimrt. Debility or
rtNeas' 1 wearlnjron ho<jTan«! nilnrt ami
Skin Diseases. The Doctorrures when
others fait. Try him. Uiare«-» low.
(urri;iiuruhlrrd. Cait or write.
X>r. J. *'. UIBDOX, Man Francisco. CaL
OCEAX TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and ID.
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan, "Wrangel.
Juneau. Haines. Skagua}-.
etc., Alaska— II a. m.. July
19. 24. 29. Aug. 3. ChanKrt
to company's steamers at
Seattle,
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Btlllngham— U a. m., July ltf. 21. 29. Aug. 3.
Chcnge at Seattle to this Company's steamer*
for Alaska and «. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :.SO
p. m., July 21. 27 Aug. 2. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
July IS. 24. 30. Auc. 5.
For Los Angeles (Via Port Los Anjreles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Eanta Rosa, Sundays, !> a. m
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <vla San Pe<lrr> and Ka-t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura an<1 Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. July IS. M, Aug. .1.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., July 22. 30. Aug. T.
For Ensensda. Magdalena Bay, San Jose Aft
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
ALASKA EXCURSIONS. Season 10O4—
The palatial excursion •teamnhtp Spokane will
leave Tacoma, Seattle and Victoria Aug. 2.
For further Information obtain fo!d»r. Right
Is reserved to change ?teamcn or sailing date*
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery »t. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Freisrht Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DITNANN. General Paasenser Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
AMESICAN LINS.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Southampton.
From New York. Saturdays. 9:30 n. m.
New Torlc July SO Philadelphia ..Aug. 13
St. Paul Aug. « St. Lr.uls Aug. 20
ATLANTIC TEANSPORT LINE.
Now York — London Direct.
Mlnnetcnka July 30. 7:30 a. m.
Mlr.nehaha Aug. «. noon
Minneapolis Aug. 13. 7 a. m.
Mesaba Au?. 20. 9 a. m.
Only flrst-cl i«s passengers carried.
Doaxnrcozr line.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short Sea passage.
Canada July 30 Kensington ...Aug. 1^
Vancouver Aug. «• Dominion Aug. 20
HOLLAlTO-AMIiSICA LINE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12..VX) Tons.
New York — Botterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam ....Aug. 2. Noordam Au«. 19
Ryndam Aug. 9Statendam ....An*. 23
BED STAE LINE.
New "York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. in.
Vaderland July 30|Zeelaad Aug. 13
Kroonland Aug. 61 Finland Auf . 20
WHITE STAB LIITE.
Hew York-— Queenrtown— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Teutonic. Aug. 3. 10 am Maj9»tlc.Aug. 17 10 ant
Celtic Aug. 5, noonCedrlc..Ang. 13, noon
Baltic ..Aug. 10. 4 pm Oceanic. Aug. 24. 5 pm
Boston — Queen srtown — Liverpool.
Republic (new) Aug. 11. Sept. 8. Oct. «
Cymric Aug. IS. Sept. 15, Oct. 13
Cretlc Aug. 23. 8ept. 22. Oct. 20.
NEW SERVICE FBOM BOSTON.
7a*t Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.40O to 15.000 Tone.
BOSTON DIRECT TO THE
MEDITERRANEAN. VIA. A1OBE3.
QIBB ALTAR, NAPLES, GENOA.
ROMANIC Sept. 17. Oct. 29. D«e. »
CANOPIC Oct. 8. Nor. 19
First class. $65 upward, depending on daw
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
{ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO )
Ft earners will leave wharf, corner First an*
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOHAMA
and HONOKOXG. calling at Kob« (Hlo«o>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing
S. 8. AMERICA MARU
'•'••'•¦¦¦•¦'•¦'•••MonAzy. August 1. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trtp tickets at re<Jace4
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora-
p*ny*s office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. OcncnU Agent. .
Jiamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin-Screw Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBUBd
•Deutschland...Aug. 4|Phoenida Aug 2t>
IP*nnsylvanla..Aug. 6 Bluecher Aug "r»
IPatrlcla Aug. 13 1 'Pretoria Aug °7
Hamburg Aug. 19,»Deutschland. . .Sept 1
•Has grillroom and gymnasium en board'
IW111 call at Dover for London and Parts.
HAMBTJRO-AMERICAN LINT:.
Offices. 35 and 37 Broadway. New York
HERZOG A CO., 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST. ¦
oceanics.s.co.iapc:x
ouuciuMioijiiiirv
8. 8. Sonoma, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. July 2.H 2 P M
S!S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug «' 11 AM
8. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Augusta. 11 A M]
J.D.SPHECIELSfcB20S.CO M AztS.. TiCtBt 0J&C8 643 Ur-
iel Freiznt Cflce 323 Harm St., mi, PsclSc si
COHPAQNIS 6X5ZRALS TB41T3ATLlNTIQt7Z.
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Balling every Thursday Instead of +£fcapi*
Saturday, at 10 a. ex.. from Pier 42. *SnOSiP
North River, foot «t Morton st.
First elass to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
elass to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. T. FUGAZI A CO.. Paclfio Coa«i
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold br all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To 17. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. Corcoran— Leave? a *".. loot of
Cl*y it,, north end fsrry bldf .—Week day*.
0:30 A. M.. 3 end *S P. M.; Sundays. 9:30
A. M.. S P. M. Leave Vallejo— week .lay*.
«:30 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P M. ; Sundays, 3
P. H. Far*. 25c each way. Kxcursloo ratra.
Bu&day* to Vallejo. Glen Cov» and Martin**.
60c round UipL PIPKR, ADEN. OOODALJ*
CO., phone Main Ml.- 'Saturday exc»p;»d.
To XT. s. Navy Taxi and VaUelo.
Stmrs. General Friable, Montlcello and Arrow,
ft:4S a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 8. 8:30 p. m. (ex. 3un.»;
Sundays. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Valid*
7. 9 a. m.. I2;30. 3:13. 8 p. m. <ex. 8ua>: 8ua-
«aym, 7 a. in.. 4:15 p. in. TUr 2. foot Mu-
tton street; phone Main 1008. HATCH BROd.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
/ / MB \^^L f^^~ r^^r / / j wL^y-Mr^T
f I\ DEVEl0P| N6|
1 1 can do it much better and eheas- W
9 £,£ l Mv Pr £?f rly e< J UI PP*<> 'or th- I
w worn. My prices are too low »n A
I «IM about Her. « M «,„, fl«Sr..?I
¦ DEVELOPING U
I Roll of six. 10c; roll of tw.lv. lfc fl
¦v '*•".. - print1nq. " u
¦ filmT^*, ,?, at "ght loading 1
I CYKO orlntlns out paper Prlnta B
I to SS flcta 4 "* ht - PopulVr^,e7upI
¦ to 4x3. p«r packare iv - H
1 t^ 800 C^RAsfVsiie.. from!
J toSn 4 "" bT maU lf >" ou '"» <>«» •« 1
ITHAT MAN PITtsJ
is Ban PYanctcieo. VStruck by a Motor Train.
Officers Release Suspected Murderer.
SAN DIEGO. July 20.— The Chief of
Police has received a report from
Campo, on the edge of the desert, say
ing the man supposed to be Padillo,
alias Aguila, the alleged murderer of
Pedro Chavez at Colton Sunday even
ing, had been trailed to that point, and
asking that a definite description be
sent. Later a message was received
saying the man did not fit the descrip
tion and he was released.
We deem It neoessary to call your attention
to the fact that the second-hand dealers In
boilers in this city are buyinc old boilers from
all over the State and overhauling and repair-
Ing them slijrhtly and th«n selling them to
small manufacturers and others, whereby the
lives and property of our citizens I are . en
dangered. These boilers have been condemned
and with minor repairs and a. little paint are
made to look safe and durable. They are in
stalled In larse restaurants and other build
ings, thus forming a veritable fire trap . for
the -community at large. With a boiler in
spectc- the hidden defects in these bolters.
such as Internal cracks, blisters, pitting and
¦worn-out braces, could not pass unnoticed, as
he would know where to find the weak places.
The Brotherhood of Boilermakers
and Iron Ship-bullders^flled a petition
with the Board of Supervisors yester
day that a practical boilermaker be
appointed. as Inspector. The. petition
says: ¦• - • /
Organization Petitions Supervisors j to
Prevent Danger From Practice
of Second-hand Dealers.
SAN DIEGO, July 20.— In the case
of Guadaloupe Montes, who has been
on trial for several days on the charge
of murdering: Romulo Millanes at
Picacho several weeks ago, the Jury in
the Superior Court this evening re
turned a verdict of manslaughter.
Montes Convicted of Manslan?rhter.
WANTS INSPECTOR OF
BOILERS APPOINTED
Horses and Mules Perish In a Fire.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 20. The
barn at the San Luis Hot Sulphur
Springs resort was burned early this
morning and the stage horse and a
team of mules perished in the flames.
A. M. Smith, a Minneapolis capitalist,
who owns the resort, is in San Fran
cisco, on his way home from the East.
RENO. Nev.. July 20. — L. S. Tay
lor, chief of the Nevada department
of the United States reclamation ser
vice, to-day received the official map
of 30,000 acres of reclaimed land In
Churchill County. The lands will be
thrown open to settlers within the
next two weeks.
Land to Be Opened to Settlers.
SANTA CRUZ, July 20.— Robert J.
Burdette, the well known humorist,
delivered a lecture this evening at the
Twin Lakes Baptist assembly. James
Edmunds of Portland, Or., spoke this
morning on "Some Facts About the
Mind," and Rev. Milton Evans of
Philadelphia on "How to Interpret
Parables."
Bnrdctte Lectures Before Assembly.
As the Supervisors made no appro
priation for salaries of District Health
Officers Adler. Tillman and Dillon the
positions were abolished. Adler and
Tillman were reappointed as laboratory
medical asistants under the charter
provision which exempts the appoint
ment of physicians from civil service.
As to the retention of Prs. Walsh
and Hannah as Inspecting physicians,
the Health Board claims this was done
in order not to prejudice the case now
before Judge Sloss affecting the restora
tion of former Sanitary. Inspectors
Hartley and Green, who were displaced
Regarding the Increases in the sala
ries of Bacteriologist Canney, Chemist
Bothe and Assistant Chemist Costa, to
which the Finance Committee objects,
the Health Board replies that the Su
pervisors refused to provide sufficient
funds for the food inspection depart
ment, which was abolished on that ac
count. The added duties in the bacte
riological tests of milk resulted in the
raising of Canney's salary Bothe was
retained as head of the laboratory de
partment, into which the food depart
ment, together with its fund, was
merged, which the Health Board claims
it had a perfect right to do.
The provision also requires that all
appointments in the Health Depart
ment shall be made according to arti
cle 13 of the charter and civil service.
The Health Board's reply denies the
right of the Supervisors to fix the sala
ries of its employes in the face of the
specific charter provision quoted- The
board also denies that It Is exceeding
its budget allowance in the payment of
salaries.
In Its reply, which will be filed to
day with the Board of Supervisors, the
Health Board will stand on the charter
provision that it has sole power to des
ignate the number of its employes and
to fix their salaries. The board is
backed up by an opinion from the City
Attorney and by several court decisions
based on the charter provision on the
subject, which follows:
"The Health Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employes as may be
necessary for the proper and efficient
carrying out and enforcement of the
duties and purposes of the board, and
may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties."
The Board of Health held a confer
ence last night and completed the prep
aration of Its reply to the allegations
contained in the report of the Super
visors' Finance Committee that the
budget allowances for salaries in the
central health office were being exceed
ed by the sum of $7320 and that the
civil service restrictions in the appoint
ment of subordinates were being vio
lated.
With this knowledge in view the
heirs are not resting In anticipation
but are preparing to file formal pro
test to the will when the petition for Its
admission to probate is called for hear
ing. In the offices of Hiram W. John
son, who represents Henry Schander
of Sacramento, an uncle of the de
ceased, the work of preparing the con
test Is proceeding. Albert M. Johnson,
who is associated with his brother,
Hiram W. Johnson, said last evening
that the contest would be based upon
but one ground — unsoundness of mind.
The filing of this contest will be the
signal for the opening of negotiations
for a compromise. Then the claims of
the various heirs will be taken up, one
at a time, and disposed of as condi
tions demand.
Those heirs that would enjoy the
fruits of the compromise which it is
said the devisees of the bulk of the es
tate of the late Bertha M. Dolbeer are
willing, to enter into must write their
names and claims on the records of
the court. Though there Is no question
that these principal devisees— Miss Etta
M. Warren and her mother, Mrs. Mar
garet H. Warren — are willing to pla
cate the disgruntled heirs of the sui
cide with a portion of her gold, they
do not intend to enrich those that have
no right to be enriched, nor to give
more than is necessary to those whose
relationship to the dead gives them at
least a moral right to share in her es
tate.
Denies Supervisors' Allega
tion That Budget Salary
Allowances Are Exceeded
Will Place Themselves on
Eecorcl That They May En
joy Frnits of Compromise
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.— B«rnhan!t
Volk &nd John Doe Block were arrested by
Officers McCurrie and Ungrer of the Humane
Society yesterday for driving crippled hors«?«.
Tb« accused were liberated on $10 caah bail
each.
SAN JOSE, July 20. — Because he
refused to pive up $300 on demand an
attempt was made to murder Ping
Tong, the keeper of the Suey Yup's
clubhouse on Sixth street, Chinatown.
Ng Wah, a hatchet man, came here
from San Francisco and last night
strolled over to the room of the keeper
and demanded the money. When it
was refused he shot at Ping Tong.
With drawn revolver the highbinder
then made his escape from the place.
Shoots at Keeper of the Suey Yup's
Clubhouse When His Demand
for >foney Is Refused.
HIGHBINDER ATTEMPTS
i TO MURDER A GAMBLER
HEALTH BOARD
MAKES REPLY
DOLBEER HEIRS
KEEPING BUSY
The armored , cruiser South Dakota
will be launched from her cradle at
the Union Iron Works. at 6:40 o'clock
this evening. Miss Grace Mae Herried,
daughter of the Governor of the State
after which the fighting machine has
been named, will christen the South
Dakota, which will take her first dip
in the salt water in the presence of a
large assembly.
Governor Charles N. Herried and a
little band of prominent South Dakota
citizens, with their ; daughters and
wives, will have the place of honor on
the platform built around the cruiser's
sharp snout and upon which such cere
mony as attends the release of the
steel hull will take place.
The South Dakotans have the inter
est of State pride in the new vessel,
but local pride in the product of Pa
cific Coast skill and Industry will at
tract to the scene many street car and
automobile loads of citizens eminent
in the social, civic and commercial life
of the western seashore, and profes
sional interest will draw to the cruis
er's cradle every navy officer whose
duties will permit him to attend.
Many Invitations to , witness tbe
launching have been Issued and ar
rangements have been. made to insure
guests a full, safe and convenient view
of the cruiser's slide from her timbered
cradle Into the element where, one
day, she may bring nautical and bel
ligerent fame to the peaceful, agricul
tural .cognomen qarved across her
stern. . •
POWERFUL ARMORED rRL'ISER DESTINED FOR UXCLE SAM'S NAVY. WHICH WILL BE LAUNCHED THIS EVENING AT
THE UNION IRON WORKS AND THE DAUGHTER OF SOUTH DAKOTA'S GOVERNOR, WHO WILL CHRISTEN THE
BIO FIGHTING MACHINE AS IT SLIDES INTO THE WATER.
Forest Fire Threatens Power Plants.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 20. — The
first forest ftre of the season has been
raging in Lytle Creek Canyon since
morning and considerable alarm is
expressed here concerning the safety
of the bigr power plants. In
proximity to the burning forests are
the power plants of the Edison Elec
tric Company, the Fontana Water
Company and a number of other
establishments, upon which this city
and section are dependent in a great
measure for their water and electric
light and power.
SANTA ROSA. July 20. — Mrs. Lulu
May Rhodes, who was married some
years ago to a minister of the Baptist
church and subsequently secured a di
vorce from him, has asked the Su
perior Court for permission to change
her name. She alleges that the name
of her former husband is exceedingly
distasteful to her and causes her great
humiliation whenever she is addressed
by it-
Rhodes was considered erratic dur
ing his residence here. On one occa
sion he attended a masquerade ball
and took the first prize for the most
handsome costume. •
men of Former Husband Is Dis
tasteful to Her.
Mrs. Lnln May Rhodes Says Cogno-
ASKS PER3IISSION
TO CHANGE HER XA3IE
SAN JOSE. July 20. — H. J. Kendall
and Mrs. Sabin, who were arrested in
Stockton a week ago for an alleged
diamond robbery in Chicago, operated
here during the month of June as
astrologers and clairvoyants. While
here Kendall posed as Professor
Ethereal Brown and was assisted by
Mrs. Sabin. They had rooms at 330
North First street and did a phenom
enal business. Kendall claimed to
have testimonials from the late Presi
dent McKinley and President Roose
velt. By advertising they did an ex
tensive business and it is said that no
patron escaped the payment of fees
ranging from $10 to $ 2 5.
Alleged Diamond Thieves Posed as
Clairvoyants in the Garden City
and Fleeced the Credulous.
KENDALL AND MRS SABIN
ARE KNOWN IN SAN JOSE
During the afternoon session the
matter of the Sons of. St. George
amalgamating with the Sons of Eng
land, a Canadian organization, was
further debated, and it was decided
that the Sons of St. George are ready
to amalgamate if the other order will
drop its present name and become
regular Sons of St. George. The sec
retary was instructed to communicate
with the Sons of England as to the
action of the Grand Lodge.
This was followed by the election or
•worthy grand officers for the ensuing
term, with the following result: W. G.
Johnson of San Francisco, president;
W. M. Meek, vice president; Thomas
Poyser, secretary; Clarence W. Rif
fee, assistant secretary; Thomas W.
Butcher, treasurer; W. H. Price, mes
senger; E. T. Joost. assistant mes
senger; H. Muddock, inside senti
nel; J. Stevens, chaplain.
Robert Sharp and F. D. Brandon,
past grand presidents, were elected
delegates to the Supreme Lodge,
that will convene in Chicago, October
4. H. Treginenig and C. W. Pope,
past grand presidents, were chosen
alternates.
This afternoon the new officers will
be installed, and in the evening there
will be a banauet.
At the session of the Grand Lodge
of the Order of Sons of St. George in
Red Men's building yesterday the en
tire morning was taken up in the dis
cussion of the constitutions and by
laws for grand and subordinate lodges.
A number of suggestions were of
fered and it was decided to have
these incorporated, so that they may
be acted upon at the session to-day.
New Officers Are Chosen for the En
sulns Term — They Will Be In
stalled To-Day.
GRAND LODGE SONS
OF ST. GEORGX3
SACRAMENTO. July 20. — Victor
Leveronl. aged 30, drank a bottle of
lye, mistaking it for root beer, this
evening and died in less than thirty
minutes.
Accidentally Poisons Himself.
TACOMA, Wash., July 20.— General
Chaffee was received at Camp Murray
to-day by General Funston and staff
and made an automobile tour of the
maneuver grounds. Camp Lawton, as
the tafget range is known, was first
visited, followed by a trip to Camp
Nisqually, where General Chaffee in
spected the camp of the regulars and
called on Colonel Joseph F. Huston,
commanding the Second Brigade. From
there a fast run was made to Camp
Steilacoom, where another inspection
was made, followed by a call on Gen
eral Edward S. Godfrey, commanding
the First Brigade, maneuver division.
General Chaffee and party then re
turned to Tacoma.
All the troops have left the encamp
ment except the regulars, who rem'aln
a few days for target practice.
Regulars Will Remain a Few Days
Longer at American Lake for
Target Practice.
GENERAL CI1AFFEE VISITS
THE 3IAXEUVER GROUNDS
RENO. Nev., July 20. — The direct
charge is made by the people of White
Pine County that Sheriff Newman is
responsible for the escape of the two
desperate horse thieves, Armstrong
and Thomas, who cut their way out of
the jail at Ely last week. The citi
zens in a signed statement yesterday
asked the Grand Jury of White Pine
County to investigate the case and
place the blame where it belongs.
They further allege that not only did
the Sheriff allow the prisoners to es
cape, but when the time came to take
up the chase the Sheriff and his dep
uties only made a pretense at follow
ing the trail of the fleeing men. The
accusation has caused widespread in
terest throughout the State and will
undoubtedly result in the matter be
ing thoroughly investigated.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Twelve hours' time will be saved by
the new road between Denver and Cali
fornia points.
DENVER. July 20.— The letting of
contracts by the Denver and Rio
Grande for a branch line from Marys
ville to Cedar City, Utah, yesterday
was but the carrying out of a part of
a plan whereby the company is to ex
tend its road to meet the Senator
Clark line and secure a direct route to
Los Angeles.
To-day a Denver and Rio Grand© of
ficial said that George Gould intended
to shorten the distance between Denver
and Los Angeles 600 miles. By extend
ing the RJo Grande Western another
100 miles that can be accomplished.
Surveys for a feasible connection
with the two lines have been mada,
and as soon as the Rio Grande West
ern reaches Cedar City bids will bo
asked for the completion of the exten
sion.
BAKERSFIELD. July 20.— The in
dependent producers at Kern River are
ready to form an association for the
purpose of securing better prices for
their oil. Nearly all of the companies
outside of the Associated have been and
are disposing of their product to one
or the other of the big purchasers, the
Standard and the Associated. The
Standard Is Btoring millions of barrels
and the Associated is a heavy buyer,
for the reason that it has- contracts
calling for an amount of oil far in ex
cess of Its production.- The Standard
Is paying but 15 cents and the Asso
ciated, when necessity compels it, pays
as high as 17% cents.
The Independent producers have been
compelled to accept the low figures
named, but if the plans which are now
being formed are carried out, the en
tire product will be pooled and the
Standard and the Associated will find
it impossible to purchase oil either for
storage or for the market at any such
prices as they have been paying in the
past. Some of the heaviest indepen
dent producers in the field are back of
the pooling project and a meeting will
shortly be held at whicn a permanent
organization will be perfected. It is
expected that the combine will later be
extended to include producers In West
Side fields.
Srecial Dispatch to The "'all
Previously Attempted to Use a Knife
on His Brother-in-T^aw.
OAKLAND. July 20. — Claude F.
Hawkins is a brother of Mrs. Atwell C.
\\>hh of 1S23 Park street, Aiameda,
a 'id made his home with his sister up
to ten days ago. when his brother-in
law employment for him at
the Thompson fruit ranch near Maryp
ville. In Fpeaking of the boy, Atwell
C Webb said:
Oaui* ha* caused m# and my wif» •nflless
trouble because of h!s larin»5* and Inclination
to travel Tilth hoodlums. It was only a few :
days before I *«m htm to Marynville that he !
«tt«mT>teii to w<? a knife on me because I .
: TrzmsLTi'itii him fir his bad conduct and l<lle
t>':*?. H<- :* rrr^o^d to work. and. although I i
t-f-cur«*J trany places for him In stores, he re
fute to continue \nv.r at any one job. With
my wife I believed that if we could gut the
boy away from evil companions and into the
country tje rr.lpht reform. That was why I
obtained the Job for him picking fruit and paid
hie way to Maryeville.
Concerning her brother. Mrs. A. C.
Webb said:
Clause ha* a!way« bewi shiftless and teas
Tw.4 *f knocking about idle with other boys.
He l!ke«J *-ia-arett**, but I (3o not know that
he «a* given to drinking intoxicating: liquors.
It was only yesterday that I received a letter
from Mrs. Bolles of the Thompson ranch, in
which ehe wrote that Claude would do noth
!rj? and that hts employer could do nothing
virh fc'.m.. I had planned to eee Judge R. B.
Tarpan to-flay to fln-i out whether my brother
could cot b* '•omm'.tted to a reform school.
HANKIXS IS IXCOKRIC.roLE.
JVLARYSV1LLE, JuJy 20.— Claude F. !
Hawkins, the fourteen-year-crtd boy
who was arrested on suspicion of hav- ,
ing murdered and robbed George Morse
on a fruit ranch five miles east of this |
city, Tuesday night, broke down in '
Jail this evening and confessed his i
rullt. He said that Morse had fre
quently abused him while they were
¦working- together on the ranch and that j
being homesick and without money he j
determined several days ago to kill i
Morse, possess himself of his victim's j
funds and go to his sister's home in j
Aiameda County.
According to the story told by Han
kJns he followed Morse to where he
¦was milking a cc-w Tuesday evening
and. approaching him without exciting
suspicion, fired the fatal shot, robbed
him of his purse and then departed.
Hankins hardly seems to realize the
Beriousness of his crime. The officers
have notified his relatives in Aiameda
of his arrest.
Mrs. Ella S. Weirs of Xewton and
Hanover avenues, Peralta Heights,
Kast Oakland, has requested that the
body of Morse be shipped to her at that
It developed during the examination
of Hankir.s that his father had been
killed two years ago while committing
a burglary in a small town in the East.
His mother had previously secured a
divorce from him and came to Califor
nia with the boy. She died in Aiameda
last March.
After the murder Hankins came to
this city and put up at a hotel, where
he was found at an early hour this
morning by the officers. When arrest
ed he denied his fruilt and toid his cap
tors a story of having witnessed the
murder of Morse by an unknown man.
He said that he had given chase to
the murderer and had fired several
shots at him, but was unable to effect
his capture. He was unable to explain,
however, why he had failed to report
the crime to the authorities if his story
\\ as true. After thinking over the mat
tor he decided to tell the true story of
the crime.
Hankins has proved troublesome to
his sister, with whom he has been liv
ing in Aiameda, after the death of his
mother ar.d she sent him here in the
hope of reforming him. He had been
keeping company with vicious lads of
his own age and his sister thought that
a change of ncene and a home with
s-tranp^rs mJpht show him the error of
his ways.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Flight of Armstrong and
Companion From the Jail
at Ely is to Be Investigated
Better Terms for Output
Hope to Be Able to Force
the Standard to Offer
Breaks Down After Being
Placed in Close Confine
ment in Marysville Jail
Magnate Would Shorten the
Distance From Denver to
Southern California City
GOULD HAS A PROJECT
SHOWS XO CONTRITION
FIGURES ARE TOO LOW
Distinguished Citizens From the State After Which New War Ves
sel Is Named Will Participate in the Ceremony at the Union
Iron Works Where the Fighting Machine Is Now Cradled
Branch Line of Denver and
Rio Grande in Utah Plan
ning to Meet Clark Road
Independent Producers at
Kern River Are Preparing
to Enter Into a Combine
Alameda Youth Confesses
That He Murdered George
Morse to Get His Money
GBAXD JURY IS TO ACT
White Pine County Citizens
Accuse Him of Assisting
.Horse Thieves to Escape
SHERIFF FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
SEEKING ENTRY
TO LOS ANGELES
HANK1NS TELLS
OF HIS CRIME
PRICE FOR OIL
MAY ADVANCE
LAUNCHING OF ARMORED CRUISER
SOUTH DAKOTA OCCURS TO-NIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL:, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
by" Walsh '¦ and- Hannah, who are 'not
on the civil service list. The reply con
cludes with the statement that H.- B.
Miller and B. M. Hlnkle- were retained
as factory and workshop inspectors
pending the; holding of civil service
examinations for the positions, which
were newly created.. Furthermore the
Civil Service Commission" has formally
consented to' all the appointments de
scribed after the conditions were made
clear under which they were made. '
During a temporary absence of j Dr.
L. L. Sherrod to the World's Fair and
to the branch office in St.' Louis of the
Health Appliance Co. of 6 O'Farrell
street. Dr. Vreeland, , a celebrated spe
cialist from Los Angeles, will be,physi
cian in charge. . ?
Notice to Men.
General MacArthur and his aids —
Major West and Captain Winn — re
turned from American Lake yesterday
morning:. The general expressed him
self as satisfied with the maneuvers of
the combined forces of the Govern
ment troops and National Guard be
longing to the Department of the
Columbia. During the encampment
there six problem exercises were
worked out. On last Sunday afternoon
at 4 o'clock at Lake View he held
a grand review of the entire force. It
was witnessed by over 10,000 people,
who cheered the different evolutions
of the troops. The general consid
ered that the money the Government
allotted was well expended, as it gave
instruction in actual practical view of
army life. But one accident happened.
A gunner in Captain W. L. Kenly'a
field battery was wounded in the hand
by the ; premature discharge of a field
gun. The wound was not serious.
American Lake proved to be an ideal
spot for the encampment. -,
Expresses Himself as Highly Gratified
' With Maneuvers of Troops at
American Lake.
GENERAL MACARTHUR RETURNS
FROM HIS NORTHERN VISIT
POMONA. July 20. — Mrs. Rose
Oliver, a member of one of « the best
known families of this valley, was
probably fatally injured to-day by be
ing: struck by a motor train running
between here and North Pomona.
5
<3rOING-l GOING*!* GObiE !U
utncoE nu tin ir. iopicise i m sut it. too late f u Yew ic'ioi.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
Tbe OtBCUNAL remedy th«t "kills tbe Dcntfraff Oenn."
DDNT KNOW IT WAS LOADED '««nt for the public to reitlze the dtngtr of atf
lect Newbro $ Herpiclde positively destroys the
Most your e «b4 Bl46Ie-ag*6 nen never know dandruff microbe; stops falling h*lr and protects
that their scalps are loaded with mlcroblc growths the scalp against reinfection. A delightful hair
until the hair has "rose off." Nature sends her dressing. Stops Itching Instantly. h T s Immense
wartime* of dandruff. Itching scalp and (ailing popularity proves Its goodness. Save your halr
fcalr hut the discovery of the dandruff germ Is too while you have hair to save.
Ortx Stares. $1.00. Send 10c, iteaw, to HERPICIDE CO, Oept H, Detroit. Mich, for a sample.
APPLICATIONS AT PHOMOTEWT BABBEB SHOPS. " V' ;
AJPTBRTISESIEXTS.
fvsxai==z s «gg[<
San Fr&nclsco, Thursday, 21 July, 1904.
Bigelow Axminsters .
still selling for $1.25
'The name "Bigelow" is on the back of every
yard — look for it! In this name lies your guarantee
of quality. The standard high-pile carpeting of the
world for years, but seldom, if ever, has it been of-
fered at such a low price. Sewed, lined and laid by
expert workmen.
New attractions in the furnished exhibition rooms
now. Don't miss seeing them. Glad to have you
come in purposely to see this feature of our store.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St.. at Union SquareThere is; plenty going on, but in so
many cases reporters do not dare say
anything. ,
Republicans Organize.
OAKLAXD. July 20. — The Third
Ward Republican Club has reorgan
ized, the following officers having been
elected: President, J. F. Mullins;'
vice president, Thomas McKiernan;
secretary, Fred J. Clifford: treasurer,
J. F. Swart; sergeant at arms, George
Janvrin. , ...
School Directors Disagree.
BERKELEY. July 20.— The Board
of Education was unable to agree last
night upon the person to act as prin
cipa'.of the Whittier School, the di
rectors being divided between two
candidates, Miss Alice . P. Keefer, the
insumbent, and eorge Kierulff." ' '
When parents "do" more for one
child than for another, the other chil
dren never find their memories so poor
that they forget it.
Lage, are rather remarkable. Inasmuch as he
succeeded In causing practically all 'the eggs
subjected to the experiment to develop into
normal. larva« by treating the eggs with car
bon dioxide. De Lage has not succeeded in
producing specimens of adult age yet, but I
think this will come with further experimen
tation.
Wants Husband's Estate.
OAKLAND, July 20. — Petition was
made to-day for the final distribution
of the estate of the late Martin Kel
logg, fermer president of the Univer
sity of California, by his widow,
Louise W. B. Kellogg. The estate has
been appraised at $1 85.000. She is
the sole legatee under the will.
VERDICT IN BURROWS INQUEST.—Ala
meda, July 20. — Justice of the Peace F. S.
Cone, sitting for Coroner H. B Mehrmann."
held an inquest to-day In the case of William
J. Burrows, who ended His life with a pistol
bullet last week. The Jury returned a verdict
that Burrows committed suicide while tempo
rarily insane.
- Mr. and Mrs. William Hammond Jr. and
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Morizlo " have returned
from a week spent at the Morlzio '. summer
tod*e near Newark.
• ' • •
ALAMEDA, July 20.— Miss Ella Guy •
sinter of Mr*. William Hammond Jr. of thir
City and daughter of William Guy of 011 Unh/n
street, Oakland, became the bride of Edward
Beaudry. a prominent business man of Oak
land. Monday, the . ceremony ' beUg celebrated
at the home of relatives of the 900m in Sac
ramento. Mr. and Mrs. Beaudry will opend
their honeymoon In Southern California. .Upon
returning to Oakland they will be tendered a
reception by relatives and friends.
Mlsa Hettle Mlllage Gannon of Fort Smith.
Ark., and Mrs. L. E. Fletcher and daughter,
Miss Janle, are the guests of Rev.- and Mrs
P.. C. ' Fletcher. .
BERKELEY. July 20.— Mlgg Ella' Dem&re*t
entertained a number of- h#r friends at the
home of Professor Lange of HOO Mil via street
Saturday evening, the occasion being her
birthday. The game of "five hundred" was
played, the prizes going to Miss Lioulse Berry
man and Roy Chamberlain. Afterward the
guests were entertained In a pretty summer
house on the lawn, where tea - was served
while Japanr«e lantern* gayly waved about
the Bcene. The guests were the Misses Ethel
Ott. Lillian Gerard, Louise Berryman, Rhoda
Goodman. Jewle SoHeld, Phoebe Sofleld and
Dina l>emarent, John Kngleston, Joseph Mc-
Farland, Harry Goodman. Robert McKeown,
Roy Chamberlain, Will Loan and : Stanley
Lewis. . , \_
OAKLAND. July 20. — William J.
Kiefer was granted a divorce to-day
by Judge Ogden from Mary Kiefer on
the ground of cruelty. They were
married at San Rafael about a year
Klcfer Given Divorce.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
. OAKLAND, July 20. — George Max
well, a 16-year-old boy, who is stay-
Ing at 2516 Shattuck avenue, Berkeley,
lost a pocketbook last Sunday at the
Southern Pacific depot in San Leandro
which contained an indorsed check for
$1000. On Monday the pocketbook
was found under a truck at the depot
by J. W. Herbert, the railroad agent,
who returned it to the owner to-day.
Lost Thousand-Dollar Check.
OAKLAND, July 20. — The authori
ties have abandoned investigation of
the case of Charles F. Hill, whose
body was found in the Piedmont hills
with a bullet hole in the head.
Can Find No Evidence.
Appoints Extra Deputies.
OAKLAND, July 20. — Auditor A. H.
Breed has appointed the following ex
tra deputies: Martin McDonald,
Claude Dukes, Joseph Coughlln, J. B.
Crandall, James Kirk, David
Gwynne. George Nickerson.
OAKLAND, July 20. — Andrew
Bruhn and Mamie Emhoff were mar
ried here thlp afternoon by Justice of
the Peace W. R. Geary. They came
from San Jose and said that they
were members of a theatrical troupe
playing there at the Empire Theater.
Thcspiuns Marry.
OAKLAND. July 20. — Registration
for the primaries to be held August
9 closed this evening. There will be
about 21,000 names on the book?
when they are all in. It is estimated
by County Clerk Cook that there will
be about 33,000 names in the great
register this year by the time of the
fall election and that but two-thirds
of the electors have qualified for the
primaries. »
Primary Registration Closes.
CINCINNATI, July 20.— The Elks as
pemblea here called this the banner
day, not only of the fortieth grand
lodge, but also of the order. During
the day they had a parade, which Chief
Marshal Dunn estimated was ten miles
long, with more than 15,000 uniformed
men in line, besides many floats and
other designs, with forty bands aver
aging thirty pieces each.
Following the parade were barbe
cues in the parks, with refreshments
for the multitudes. While all Borts "of
entertainments were in progress In the
afternoon and evening, the grand lodge
was having one of the most exciting
sessions in Its history. After being in
session almost all night the grand
lodge had elected all of Its officers ex
cept the grand secretary. There has
not only been much agitation over the
administration of retiring Grand Sec
retary Reynolds, but also an unusual
contest for his place.
It was currently stated in this agita
tion that the Incumbent officials, or
what was known as the "administra
tion," had heretofore controlled the an
nual elections and many hard fights
were made this year to defeat what
was known as the "administration
slate" no matter how good or popular
its candidates might be. The so-called
"administration slate" was broken in
several places last night and it was a
hard struggle to-day when Robinson
was elected grand secretary by a bare
majority.
Buffalo was chosen for the next
meeting of the grand lodge.
Grandest Demonstration in
History of Order
the Close of the Session
OAKLAND, July 20. — William
Cochran, charged with picking a gold
locket from a watch chain in the vest
of Albion Chollet, declared in the Po
lice Court to-day that he was guilt
less, that he had heard Chollet offer
insult to a woman and had gone to
the fair one's defense. In a scuffle
Cochran asserted the Jewel was de
tached. Police Judge Samuels heard
Chollet and the policemen and con
cluded that Cochran's story wan a
fairy tale. Cochran was held for
trial.
Discredits Tale of Chivalry.
GREAT PARADE
HELD BY ELKS
Walker was a member of the Knights
of Pythias, and the. members of the
lodge at Truckee have taken charge
of the body, which will be shipped to
this city for burial. No arrangements
have yet been made for the funeral,
but it will probably be held from the
family residence at 991 Willow street,
under the auspices of the Knights of
Pythias.
Walker has been for twenty-five
years in the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company, and for several years
was one of the company's traveling
passenger agents. The deceased was
60 years old and leaves a wife, Mrs.
Kate B. Walker, and eight* children.
The latter are: Robert S. Walker,
William G. Walker,,Otto Walker, Mrs.
J. L. Day, Mrs. George Morrow, Mrs.
Margaret Young and John C. Stevens,
a stepson. ' '
Walker left the camp at Mystic last
Saturday to go on a fishing trip down
the river in company with his 15-year
old son Otto. When near Lynham the
father and son separated in order to
fish both sides of the river. This was
about 4 o'clock. Shortly after 5 o'clock
a rancher passing along the road near
the river paw a man answering the
description of Walker fishing from a
high point of rocks near the marble
quarry.
It is thought that the unfortunate
man lost his footing -vhlle climbing
over the rocks and fell into the water,
which is very deep at this point, and
being unable to swim was drowned.
The body was found floating in a
pool below the old marble quarry near
Lynham by a man named Yates, a
member of the Truckee .River Country
Club. After making sure that the body
was that of Walker the finder at once
telephoned to the wife of the dead
man, who resides at 991 Willow street
In this city. ' The family had already
offered a reward for the recovery of
the remains, and at the time of the
discovery searchers were patrolling
both banks of the river from Flores
ton to Reno. -. •
OAKLAND, July 20.— The cloud of
mystery which for four days has
hovered over the fate of Thomas B.
Walker, traveling passenger agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, and a
resident of thi3 city, who disappeared
last Saturday while fishing in the
Truckee River, was dispelled early this
morning whenMthe body of. Walker was
found floating 4n.the river about four
miles below Mystic, Cal. Walker was
in camp there at the time when he
went on the expedition which ended
in his death.
OAKLAND, July 20.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Andrew
Bruhn, 27. San Francisco, and Mamie
Emhoff. 24, San Jose; Edward Aid
rich, 37, and Louise Pearson, 31, both
of Oakland; Woody L. Cochran, 29,
and Alma L. Linderstrand, 27, both of
Fresno; Alexander G. Bell, 46, and
Amelia 'I I. Clark, 4 6, both of Alameda;
Frederick A. Muller, over 21, Oakland,
and Alice L. .Fagan, over 18, Berkeley;
John Glas3on. 5l, Forest City, and
Lotla D. Crouch, 49, Livermore;
Charles F. McCarthy, 24. and Nellie
O'Dea, 22, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Traveling Passenger
Agent Falls Into
River.
THOMAS B. WALKER OF OAK
LAND, WHO WAS DROWNED IN
THE TRUCKEE RIVER.
OAKLAND, July 20. — James J. Mc-
Kone, an itinerant preacher, failed to
obtain the required legal permit to
occupy the public streets for religious
services before he began to exhort at
Tenth street and Broadway. Police
man Shannon, m view of the derelic
tion, declined to accept 'McKone's plea
that the gospel ordained him to
speak.
The policeman's action in arresting
McKone was sustained -in the Police
Court to-day by Justice W. R. Geary,
but his Honor suspended judgment
after warning the evangelist that he
must obey the civil law, no matter
what were his views on the biblical
words of command.
Justice Geary Lenient Wltli Exhorter
Who Failed to Obtain Permit
to Speak on Street.
FREES EVANGELIST WHO
PREACHED UNLAWFULLY
In the beginning of his lecture Dr.
Loeb discussed the results of experi
ments in which unfertilized eggs were
caused to develop without sperm and
by means of physical-chemical or pure
ly chemical agencies. He showed that
by the mere extraction of water from
the eggs of sea urchins cortatn worms
and mollusks could be caused to de
velop into swimming larvae. In some
of the forms experimented upon the vi
tality of the larvae which are thus
produced seems to be almost as great
as in the larvae produced by fertiliza
tion. Dr. Loeb continued:
Various solutions are used to fertilise, the
eggs used In the«e experiments. Their natural
element of sea water Is always used. th« con
crtstratJon of which U raised to about 30 pe r
cent by sugar or salt. The best results have
been obtained with potassium chloride. When
the concentration of the water is raised :so
per cent and the temperature from 15 to *»0
degrees the eggs are left for two hours In
the solution and stages of natural development
noted.
The experiments «bow conclusively that the
eggs can be fertilised without the aid of
spermatozoon. At least snch results have been
obtained with the eggs ot the sea urchin,
the analids and In some of the mollusks
The experiments of a FYench author.* De
TV« have found that there is a distinct dif
ference between the mature and Immature
«-FT» of the starfish. In the Immature eggs
there U no nuckus. such a* may be clearly
f-en in the -mature egg. In case these eggs
are not fertilized within three or four hours
after birth they turn black and become a
»>re> to bacteria in the water. The mature
«*gg» live, we have found, for seven days, and
they can be developed very rapidly If the
*aier is supplied with a email amount of
alkali or oxygen.
It mieht be argued that the death of the
• K»» wa* cauk«-d by bacteria, but a» I said
before this is not no. This is clearly shown
to an exrx-riment that has. been made with
egK* in three flasks containing three different
i-i>iut!ons. In the first was put perfectly stori!*
v»ter. in tin- «=e/-ond comtaon sea water and In
toe third wa water infected by the putrid
f'.arfish m.-.terial. so that the wafr contained
s laree amount of bacteria. After a certain
jjernd the water shoned • large per cent
of Hack egc? i n ,^ cn naFk> Bhowlnr th&t
d-ath was caused, not by external but by in
ternel conditions nnly. it would 'be interest
ing to find the cause of the disintegration of
the eggs and whether it may be avoided.
NEED FERTI LIZATIOX.
The «£gs of the animal live when they are
fertilized under certain conditions. Tfce eggs
are developed by these processes. f>otne form*
more rapidly thaa others. The tfeatoent
brings about a change in the *>c»r. which is
equivalent to saving it* life. This fact, 1
wish to say, hat an important bearing on the
rreblern of natural death. We really have
r ¦> r-icJ-.t to epe&k of such a thlrs ae natural
death. VTe urually speak of death an the
disablement of some orgnn of the body, which
come* in the order of nature.
And In this connection the question arises
whether It is poseitle to prolong life. Ex
j*rtment shows that there is a period in the
life of aa egg when it is In a critical state
end likely to die unless it is treated. For
instance, the ejrgs of the etarfl>h when taken
from the ovary are ae a rule not all mature.
E<Tne of these immature eg*r* maturate In the
*tter. but others do not. Xow we find thst
th« eggs that are mature die if enough oxygen
is present in a comparatively short time, a
few hours. «*.y. while the immature eggs may
live for fiiys and the eggs that are fertilized
may li\ - e for weeks, month? and yeaiy. It
rsii be shown conclusively that th» death of
tfie mature egc* is due to internal processes
and not due to bacteria. These processes that
lea<j to the death of the mature egg are pre
vented by the entrance of the spermatozoon
or by the matrcent of the egg with carbon
dioxide.
DEVELOPMENT OF EGGS.
Dr. Loeb gave a hint of interest to
the medical world touching the possible
results of his biological experiments as
relating to the formation of tumors on
human beings. On this topic he dwelt
briefly, asserting that it might be
shown ttfat the growth could be con
quered. Professor Loeb suggested
there might be an analogy between the
embryo sea life which he is investigat
ing and the embryo of the tumor.
It was in the course of a lecture on
artificial parthenogenesis this evening
in the students' observatory at the
t'niversity of California that Dr. Loeb
g-ave out the suggestion that the day
might come when death will not be the
end-all of human existence. The scien
tist takes this advanced ground because
his experiments have developed that in
the eggs of some animal?, at least,
there is artificial state in which they
die, in -*hich death is not caused by
external causes, but by internal causes,
and this is bound to be true when the
fertilization of the eggs by sperm or by
artificial means saves the life of the
egg. Said Dr. Loeb:
BERKELEY. July 20.— Professor
Jacques Loeb's experiments with artl
f.cial parthenogenesis, which meant
the fertilization of the eggs of animalp
vtth chemical preparations, have con
vinced him that death is not altogether
the one thing that man has all these
aee» looked upon as Inevitable. In
fact, he thinks It quite possible that in
the cane of some animals, at least, life
may be prolonged indefinitely by the
treatment of th* disabled organs of
the body. This applies to the egg of
the starfish, which the scientist says
responds to treatment at certain crit
ical traces in its life.
Dr. Loeb Fays that man has not even
a right to speak of "natural death."
"It Is by no means certain that death,
f ven in old age, can be called 'natural
c«"ath.' We know that as a rule death
is caused by the fact that some im
rortant organ is disabled, but we are
i.«= far from certain that such disability
5s= absolutely unavoidable," declares the
learned biologist.
HINT TO .MEDICAL WORLD.
Harry Tracy, a teamster, missed
death by a few Inches this morning in
West Berkeley. "While attempting to
cross the tracks at Third and Camelia
streets his team was struck, by the
Southern Pacific overland "Cannon-
Ball" and hurled twenty feet in the air.
In descending Tracy fell against ' a
freight car standing near by and spec
tators thought he had been killed. The
man revived in a few minutes. The
horses were killed outright and the wa
gon was demolished.
Tracy's view of the tracks was ob
structed bj' two long rows of freight
cars that stood at the point where he
sought to pass, which explains the
cause of the accident.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, July 20.
The aasesument on the Contra Coata Water
Company's plant ha« been largely decreased.
In addition to the statement which 1 have
already given cut on thi9 subject I will say
that I have the matter in the courts, where
I can make a test <*aee of it. Until this is
decided I have taken off the a^essment on
the franchises and the water In the reservoirs
of the company. The value of these are
largely problematical. Mayor Olney has said
the franchises are not worth anything because
they are not exclusive. The insue however,
ha* been raided and we will get a decis'en on
it one of these days and find out what is
prcper.
The property of the Oakland Gas. Light and
Heat Company is about the -amp as last year.
1 have put the assessment of the franchises
cf the Strtjthern Pacific for running ferry-boats
Across the bay back on the rolls again this
y«-ar. Laet year each 6f these franchises were
rf-duefd by the Board of Equalization to $5.
I want to have this matter terted in the courts
and shall continue to aFsean them until I
get a board which will leave them on and
make the .company get a decision on the
matter, s
The apse^ment en the property of the
Spring Yailey Water Company has been In
creased about $1,000,000. The greater amount
of thin increase Is on the riparian risrhtu of
the company on Alameda. San Antonio and
ot-er creeks.
There will he an Inercaso on the property
of the Realty Syndicate, but I cannot nay
what this will aggregate. It has property all
over the city and this has been valued along
with property In the vicinity. What this
will all total I cannot tell.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton ar
rived here to-dav from the wilds of
Siskiyou, where he had been for sever
al days, and gave further facts in re
gard to the assessment of the county,
but states that it will be to-morrow
noon before any definite figures will be
ready for publication. There has been
a general increase in the assessment of
the .county that witt- probably reach
54,000,000. Besides this some of the big
corporations have had the value of
their holdings considerably increased
on the books. The increase on the
Spring Valley aggregates $1,000,000. In
speaking of what had been done in this
regard Dalton saiQ:
While the assessment rolls are complete the
work of totaling up the footings- has not been
finished find 1 cannot give out what the-ag
g egate r as»epfted valuation of the property In
the county in. With the blK corporation* 1
can say In a general way that the Increase en
the aesesement ot ttie Oakland Transit Con
solidated i ( m the neighborhood of $500,000.
This reprenents in a large measure an ln
cr«-aye in the value of their holding* and new
track?, cars and franchises.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 20.'
Says Case of Contra Costa
Is Now iii the Courts and
AVill Wait for Decision
Long Lilies of Freight Cars
Obscures View of Tracks
and He Tries to Cross
Experiments With Eggs of
Sea Urchin Prove That
larvae Can Be Fertilized
HOUSES ARE KILLED
WORK NOT COMPLETED
&ESEABGHES SUCCEEI)
Harry Tracy Drives Team
in Front of an On-Coming
Overland and Still Lives
Professor Jacques Loeb De
clares There Is Hope of
- Greatly Prolonging Life
Big Corporations Have the
Value of Holdings Consid
erably Increased on Rolls
DALTON TALES
OF ASSESSMENT
NATURAL DEATH
IS A MISNOMER
TRAIN FLINGS
DRIVER IN AIR
Perhaps the most remarkable bridges
In the -world are the kettle bridges, of
which Cossack soldiers are expert
builders. ; The materials of which they
are constructed are the soldiers' lances
and cooking kettles. Seven or eight
lances are passed under the handles
of a number of kettles, and. fastened
together by means of ropes. to form a
raft. A sufficient number of these raits,
each of which will bear a weight of
half a ton, are fastened together, and
in the . space of an hour a " bridge Is
formed on which an army may cross
with confidence and saf ety.— Baltimore
American. ¦
Curious Bridge by Cossacks.
CONSOLIDATION PROJECTED. — Oakland.
July 20.— Consolidation of Plymouth Congrega
tional Church with Oak Congregational Chapel
has been advanced to take the place of the
abandoned Idea of the union of Plymouth and
the Fourth Congregational Church. The new
project will be • given consideration by the
members of the Interested churches. Plymouth
Church has made no move toward getting a
pastor to succeed Rev. Charles W. Hoag.' whose
name wa* linked with that of Mrs. W. W.
Benedict, a member of the church choir.
There resides at Folkestone a man
named George Keel, who in December
next will reach the age of 104 years.
He was born at Manton, a village near
Marlborough, in Wiltshire, and up to
a few years ago followed the calling of
a shepherd. He still earns a trifle by
tending gardens in Folkestone. Mr.
Keel is a good walker. He reads with
out glasses, but is very deaf. As a
non-smoker.. he declares that those who
use tobacco are not meant for the
kingdom of heaven. He uses alcoholic
stimulants very sparingly. He Is a
favorite with the clergy of St. Savior's
Church, where v e is a regular wor
shiper. His wife died when rhe was
nearly ninety. The centenarian has
lived under five sovereigns and well re
members the coronation of George IV.
—London Telegraph.
Under Five Monarchs.
A marked difference between the two
is the^close touch with life which the
American college girl has and . the
English girl of the same class has not.
The latter gives herself to the studies
of the curriculum alone and waits for
social and practical life until the col
lege course is completed. The advant
age is with the American girl; who is
not thrust into a wholly new sphere on
leaving the university and does not
find herself at sea as to social forms
and conventionalities. The French
girl, as well as the English, is looking
with no little envy on the American
girl. Evidence of this is seen in the
popularity of a play by Paul Hyacinthe
Loyson, son of the once famous Pere
Hyacinthe, and his American wife.
The name of the' play is "The Maiden's
Right." Contrary to alL French tra
ditions, it claims for the French maiden
tKe right to the American girl
and make close acquaintance with her
future husband before marriage, in
stead of being handed over to him as If
It were a matter of no importance to
her. \
These compliments from across the
water should jnake the American girl
mindful of the reputation she is gain
ing abroad and lead her to • be careful
to live up to It. If she can have free
dom and be obedient to the laws which
govern freedom and if/ she can main
tain self-reliance without excess of self
assertion she may well be the envy of
her kindred beyond the Atlantic, other
wise she will merit only their contempt.
It is not the American heiress alone
who is appreciated on the other side
of the Atlantic. The American college
girl is looked upon with surprise and
admiration. Her freedom, coupled with
self-restraint, her ability to take her
affairs into her own hands and man
age them to advantage, her poise in
the presence of men students and her
readiness to cope with them in the
higher and more abstruse branches. are
becoming the envy of English college
girls. >
Arc Setting Pattern AH Over Europe
for Their Less Favored
Sisters.
THE AMERICAN' GIRLS
IN FAVOR ABROAD
"There is many a pitfall for the com
plexion in the fashionable brown,"
says a Chicago artist "As a rule, it
intensifies the color of the eyes to
match them or wear a deeper shaJe
of the same color. Especially Is this
true of blue, but in brown it does not
always have a happy effect. Fot in
stance, the brown eyes that are ac
companied by hair that is two or three
shades darker, or almost black, are not
improved by any of the fashion: ":Ie
reddish or golden browns.
"Instead, these shades clash with a
tinge of purple that is always lurking
around the eyes and hair in this com
bination and the result Is a spotted
effect. The only brown possible to this
complexion is a dark seal that renders
it opaque. . The woman with hair of a
little brighter shade, however, has usu
ally a tinge of red in her cheeks, which
is brought out by a brown of a wirm
reddish shade.
"The Titian haired woman with eyes
n shade or two darker may also wear
the shades that match either eyes or
hair, because her color scheme is pure.
Even an occasional freckle on her face
shows that the pigment is all upon the
same order."— Chicago Tribune.
Color of Eyes Affected.
The twenty-fifth anniversary banquet
took olace this afternoon, with Dr.
Thomas Filben as toastmaster.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 20.— Captain
R. P. Hobson, the hero of Santiago har
bor, was the star attraction of the
Chautauquan Assembly this evening
and delivered his lecture, "America's
Mighty Mission," to one of the largest
audiences ever gathered in the audito
rium. The lecturer dwelt largely on the
foreign relations of the United States.
Captain Hobson said that the United
States should be a great peace agent
and two important features of its work
should be to prevent the further dis
memberment of China and to uphold
the Monroe doctrine In South America.
He advocated a navy in proportion to
this work.
Sonsitor Hoar's Witticism.
A document in French at th*> last
session of the Senate was placed at
each Unfted States Senator's desk.
Senator Tillman said that there were
not seven men in the Senate who wouM
know the -Lord's prayer if they saw it
in French. Senator Hoar, who heard
this guess, added: "Perhaps so. per
haps so; but that would not be becausa
they can't read French." ; .
BUSINESS MAN PASSES A WAT.—Berke
ley. July -0. — Martin W. Samson, a well
known business man. died at the East Bay
Sanatorium this morning, a nervous aff?ctl<vj
belnff the cause. He waa M years eld and a
native of Germany. He was a member of'Du.
rant I-odge of Masons, tho Odd Fellows. th«
Knights of Pythias and the A. O. V. W. Sur
viving htm are a wife and fiv» chtldren. ' Th»
funeral will be held at i o'clock to-morro-ar
afternoon from the late residence. 10" » Hom«
street.
Hero of Santiago Harbor
Addresses Assembly on
Amerieivs Mighty Mission
CHAUTAUQUANS
HEAR HOBSON
The following story comes from Rus
sia, where, of course, yellow Journal
ism is unknown. It is, moreover, print
ed In the - Novoe Vreraya, which is
as conservative a sheet as one would
want to read,. It concerns a girl of 12,
named Llsuba, living in Vladlcaucasus,
who Is said to possess radio-active
qualities. She has been trying to earn
her living as a servant, but has been
dismissed from every- situation she se
cured on account of this unhappy en
dowment. Every object she approaches
Is set in motion. Plates on a dresser
rattle, linen hung out to dry falls on
the ground, bottles rise from the table
and are upset. The general condition
of the girl is normal; she is quite
healthy, free from any nervous trouble,
and disposed to regard her magnetic
powers as a . huge Joke. Her parents,
however, are in despair about her, "as
most of their neighbors declare that
Lisuba is possessed by evil spirits. The
local doctors have studied her case
without being able to solve the enigma,
so the unfortunate child will shortly
be sent to St. Petersburg, to be dealt
with by specialists. The account given
in the Novoe Vremya reads .like a
page of Hans Andersen: but the truth
of the details is vouched for by its ac
credited correspondent at Vladicauca
sui.—New York Tribune. .
Her General Condition Normal, but
Everything She Approaches Is
Strangely Affected.
RUSSIA* GIRL DEVELOPS
RADIO-ACTIVE QUAIJTIES
A letter has been received from Webb
N. Pearce, custodian of the Alameda
County exhibit at the World's Fair,
suggesting that the exhibit be moved
to the Lewis and Clark Exposition at
Portland, Or., after the close of the fair
at St. Louis. The matter will be placed
before the Board of Supervisors, and
if a sufficient appropriation can be se
cured to move the exhibit it will be
sent to Portland.
The Merchants' Exchange of Oakland
hag taken action to secure ten more
mail carriers for this city, and also to
induce the Southern Pacific Company
to inaugurate an all-night ferry service
between Oakland and San Francisco.
To this en* a resolution has been pre
pared which will be forwarded to the
Hon. Victor Metcalf. It requests him
to place the matter of the additional
mall carriers before the proper authori
ties and asks that the new Secretary
of the Department of Labpr and Com
merce use. his Influence in securing' the
appointment of th"e necessary carriers.
Acting ilium the suggestion of J. F.
W. Sohst, the exchange has appointed
a committee of three members to wait
upon the officials of the Southern Pa
cific Company and urge that the com
pany run an all-night ferry service be
tween Oakland and San Francisco. It
was pointed out by Mr. Sohst that
many people from both sides of the bay
are forced to leave evening entertain
ments before they are over in order to
catch the last boat to their homes!
President Jonas appointed Directors
Sohst, Walker and Eiben a committee
to visit the officers of the company.**"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 20.
Charles "Wiggins, 13 years old, resid
ing on Homestead avenue. Upper
Frultvale, is the hero of a kidnaping
expedition, according to his exciting
narrative of adventure, related to-day
to' the police.
Charles avers that he was captured
last night on Twenty-third avenue by
two men who carried him off In a cart
to the Contra Costa foothills, at the
head of the avenue. There, under pen-,
alty of death, his abductors kept the
boy all night. At dawn this morning
young Wiggins escaped, so he explain
ed, and made his way home, footsore,
weary and hungry.
As soon as Charles had completed his
tale, his parents, who had been much
alarmed over his absence, communicat
ed with the police.
The boy left home yesterday morn
ing to visit with friends named John
son, residing at 1173 East Sixteenth
street. He left there at 4" o'clock yes
terday afternoon. Master Wiggins ac
counts for his failure to arrive home
with the story of the mysterious men.
The police say they take the story
for what it is worth, but they do not
put any value on it.
I Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, July 20.
Committee Is Appointed
to Endeavor to Secure
All Night Ferry Service
Charles Wiggins Tells Po
lice That Two Strangers
Carry Him Off to Hills
Loretta C. r.rakenrldre lwldow> to Walt'""
E. and Martha E. Pratt, lot on SW corner < t
Louisa and Ro»e street". W 05 bv S lf> por
tion of lot 1. block 4 Graves & Taylor Tract
(warranty deed). Berkeley; $S."SO.
Alameda Savings Bank to Sarah A. Rctundy
(wife of Alvan*. lot on N l!ne nf Encinal ave
nue fprior to wMenlrg to SO f»~t>. 30t> HJ of
Willow street. K 50 by N ISO) lot 7. In W ha f
of block E. lands adjacent to Knelnal. except
S 10 .feet taken for widening Encinal aveii:e.
Alameda; $10.
San Francisco Savings I'nicn to P'iget Siurid
I,nmbi>r Company (corporation) lot on N. !!»••
of Central avenue WM E of Ninth strre.*. B
4.V9% by N US:.*«-i. portion of Chlpman El't
Ill-acre Tract. Alanr-rja; $10.
Same and Charles O. Smith t > ?am»». Int an
W line of Harper »tr»«?t. 52:> N of M*soti, N
¦JO by W 122. blrwk 9, sam- map Berkeley:
$10.
Arthur W. Moore to Helen J. Mo-re (wlfe>.
lot on E line of Carmel avenue, 270 N cf
Oakland avenue. E 132:12 by N 6f». portion
lota IS and 17. block I. Central Piedmont
Tract Oakland Township; gift. >
Minnie A. Smith (wife of C. <">.> tr> Eva O
Medina, lot on W lire of Hurper street. 45*
N of Mason. N 40 hy W 122:4. block <>.
amended map and of Central
Park. Berkelev. rjultrlalm deed,- S10.
D. Edward and Emma M. Collins to Bryan
J. KUHIea (single), lot on E corner of Ea.«t
Nineteenth street and Eighth avenue, NE £10.
SE 130 NE 50 SE 170. SW SOO, NW SCO.
biock 118. Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
F. J. Woodward to Percy J. Walker. Irt oa
W corner of Fifth avenue and Ea^t Four
teenth street. FW 100 by NW 7f>. blo<-k 4S>.
Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
William Haaselb^ck < widower) to Andrew jr.
and Freda Perry, lot on S corner of Nineteenth
avenue and East Twenty-first street. SW 21
by SE HO. lot 1, Mock 5.1. map portion block
53. San Antonio. East Oakland; $H>.
James M. Kelly to Eliza Provost, all
Interest In following as heir at law or other
wise of James Kelly, deceased: Lot on NE
line of Fifth street, 125 NW of Castro. NW
50 by NE 100, lota 20 and 20. block 49. Kel
lersberger's map, Oakland: also property out
of county: also all Interest In any and all
other property of whatsoever kind or nature
owned by said James Kelly at time of his
death and directs distribution by Superior
Court of Alameda County to grar.t»e herein;
$10
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Thomas Shan
non, lot on SE line of Irving avenue, 115 SW
of East Twentieth street, PW 30 by SB
134.72. lot 29 and NE 15 feet of lot 2*. map
resubdlvlsion of Corley Tract East Oakland:
$10.
Louis and Amelia Sieeriest to Sarah Hisr
gina (wire of E. L.), lot en SE line of Tlr*z
avenup, 1C3 SW of Clifton street. SW 30 by
SE 100. being N :<0 feet of lot 10, Locksky
Square. Oakland; $10.
Mary A. Rellley (single) to Josephine M.
Qulmby Mingle), lot on N" line of Birnle (or
Seventeenth) street. 100 W or Franklin. W 3l>
by N J0O. portion lot 9. block G, 2152 Fountain
plac-?. Oakland: $10.
Laura M. Crandall (widow) to Byron and
.Sarah 1.. Unyon, lot on E line of Ch-stnut
street. 172:7'.; S of Fourteenth. S 13 by E ll-\
block r.7*J. Bwrdnan's map. Oakland: $IO.
Frank If. Graham (single) to David Mc-
Carron. lot 4. block <373. Watts Tract. Oaklani.
$10.
Henry and Rose Mofcr to the Lyon-Dimoeic
Storage and Moving Company (corporation). lot
on S line of Alden avenue (or Twenty-ninth
strfet), HO W of Grove street, W 5O by S U«\
lots 10 and 11, block D. map Henry subdivis
ion Whltohe'r and Brockhurst and Roland
tracts. Oakland: $10.
William Gravatt to Kate Gravatt (wlfe>. !"t
on SW comer of Chase and Willow street*. W
60 by S 50, portion lots Vi and 13. block t>S7.
Casserly Tract at Oakland Point: grift.
William M. Butters Jr. to James and Hesta
Stacey lots 45 to 47 map No. -. William M.
Gutters Tract, Emerj-vllle, Oakland Township;
$10.
Berry -Bangs Land Company (a corporation)
to F. ri. Page, lot on E line of Rejtent «tr«et.
120.C4 N of Russell. X 50 by E 148. lit U.
Hock H. Berry- Bangs Tract. Map No. 2. Berke
ley, deed and agreement: $10.
Alexander and Janet Robertson to James W.
Virgin, lot on N line of Stuart street. 1-0 E of
Majree avenue, E 40 by N 135, portion lot 7.
block 4, map btate L'nivernity Homestead Asso
ciation No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
A. W. Carle to Mar&aret Carle, undivided
half of lot 33. block ts. amended map Central
fark. Alcatraz and Newbury stations, HerKs
ley; grift.
M. L* and Rebecca Wurts to Carrie R. Clou
son (wife or H. C). lot on 3 Una of Mason
street. 1C.8.02 E of Grove street. S M, W 37. -V
82. E 38. portion lots 10 to 12. block 6, amend
ed map Central Park. Alcatraz and Newbury
•stations. Berkeley; $10.
Same to W. W. Grove, lot on SE corner of
Mason and Grove streets. S 86.02. E 37.913, N"
8». W S«. portion lots 1O to 12. block «. aama
map. Berkeley: $10.
Same to Zelda 1. Clubb (wife of George M.).
lot on S line of Ma?on street, 1CW.02 E of
Grove. E 38. S D7.78. W 39..1O. N »5. portion
lots 10 to 12. blo<.k t>. same map. Berkeley: $V>.
Same to O. S. Grove, lot on S line of Mastn
street. 36 E of Grove, S 8S. E 37.913. N 02. W
3«, portion same lots block tt. same map.
Berkeley; $10.
Vecente (or Vicente) and Marie Comes to
Antone Aruda. lot on S line of Boehmer street.
332.87 E of Twer.ty-thir<l avenue. K 25 by .S
10O. block 24. map North Alameda Tract (for
merly Vald^z and Glascock Tract), East Oak
land; $9C0.
Fernando nrd Carman L. PmiLh to J. S.
Hanley. lot 172, Encinal Park Tract, Alameda:
$10.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 20.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ESCAPES FEOM CAPTOES
ASKS AID OF METCALF
Fmitvale B.oy Explains an
Absence From Home by a
Story of Wild Adventure
3Ierchants ? Exchange Takes
Up Matter of Increase in
the Postal ©elivery Force
WANT TEN MORE
MAIL CARRIERS
DECLARES MEN
KIDNAPED BIH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
04NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
T.B.WALKER
IS DROWNED
BY ACCIDENT
6
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
perfect cleanliness and
comfort.
Sold *11 ever the world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BKANCH OFFICES
OF THE CAtL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. J
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Slain 10S3.
* BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street. •
Telephone North IT.
. ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 550.
Am'KRTlSEMKyTS. ;_ -v
GOT A TOOTHACHE?
Don't attempt to cure It with any of
the so-called toothache cures. Better let
the ' «""
DENTISTS
Examine the tooth, locate tha trouble
and remove the cause.
EXAMINATIONS MADS PASS.
All our work is high grada The teeth,
made In our laboratory are perfect In
appearance and action.
Plates. Tun Set, S3. Bridge Work. 35.
P0ST-6RADUATEDEHTALC0LLE6E
3 TAYXtOB ST.. SA2f FltAJTCXSCO.
973 Waaniagton St. Oakland.
Van Jos*. - - .-. .Bmt'-*-*'.<• ¦' ¦ ¦ . ¦
Lottery Company, Which number drew the sec
ond capital prize of eight thousand dollars at
the drawing held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A., on 'Saturday. June 18. 1004
Blgned ISOM P. GORDON.
Subscribed and sworn. to beforo me this 25th
day of June. 1904.
Signed . GEORGE W. PIGMAN, Notary
Public.
Railway Assessments Are Keduced.
LOS ANGELES, July 20. — The val
uations placed upon the property of
the various electric railways in Los
Angeles County have been reduced
nearly $2,000,000 by the County Board
of Equalization after a bitter fight,
which consumed almost a week. The
reductions will make a difference of
many thousand dollars In the tax re
ceipts of this county.
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and was refused payment. •
All prizes of this company are paid in full
Immediately on presentation at the office of
the company In San Francisco.
The n. G. Company paid to Mrs. H. A.
Graham. 332 O'Farrell st., San Francisco.
Cal.. $3750 for half ticket No. 19345 In
the. June 18, 1904, drawing; H. F. Hadley 3517
Twentieth st- San Francisco, Cal. $1000 for
half ticket No. 51685 in the June 18, 1904,
drawing.
No. 70717 wlni $7500. sold In Sacramento,
Cal.; No. 59438 wins $2000, sold In Portland,
Oregon; No. 91100 wins $1000. sold In San
Francisco. Cal.; No. 85140 wins $500. sold in
San Francisco. Cal.; No. 60931 wins $250, gold
In San Francisco. Cal.; No. 21370 wins $250,
sold In San -Francisco, Cal.
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! All genuine tickets of thla
company have Initials R. G. Co. on f»cs and
monogram R. G. C. on backs thereof. Follow
ing are the capital prizes as decided by the
Honduras National Company, Saturday, July
16. 1904. :
The Louisiana R. O. Company of San
Francisco. Organized May, 1900.
The Original Uttle Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED J ANITA RT. 1SS7.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before- the public from time to time, we
would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents and to bee that their tickets read as fol
lows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO. *
Bach coupon has the Initials M. &. F. on the
face and'baclfof the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes aa de
cided by the Honduras National Company July
16. 1904:
No. 70717 wins $7500. sold In San Francisco,
Cal.; No.. 59438 wins $2000, sold in San Fran-.
Cisco, Cal.; No. 9U00 wins $1000, sold In Sand
Francisco, Cal.: No. S5146 wins $500, sold in
San Francisco. Cal. : Noa. 2137G and 60931 each
win $250. fold In San Francisco, Cal.; Nos.
•4OS9O, 40913. 45884, 57961 and 951S5 each win
$100. sold in Oakland and San Francisco, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for June 18, 1904:
Charles Stlllman, dealer In dairy produce.
Bay City Market. 113S Market street. San
Francleco. Cal., $3750; paid to the Western
National Bank. San Francisco, Cal., for client,
$3750: Peter Johannsen. 1011 Buena Vista ave
nue, Alameda, Cal., $500. •
¦ Affectionate tribute was paid the
memory of the departed, and among
those who gave voice to the mourn
ing of the Jewish people of San Fran
cisco were Leon Album, the Rev. Dr.
Leon Magnus, professor at the Hebrew
Union College, Cincinnati, and Elias
Gordon. The service "was conducted
by the Rev. H. Samuelson.
Mr. Album said that King Edward
of England, King Victor Emmanuel of
Italy and Emperor William of Ger
many had telegraphed their sym
pathy to Vienna.
An impressive memorial service for
the late Dr. Herzl, late Zionist leader
and president of the Zionist Congress,
who died in Vienna and whose funeral
takes place to-day in Jerusalem, was
held in the Synagogue Kneseth Israel
last night.
Holds Impressive Memorial Service
for Great Zionist Leader at Syna
gogue Kneseth Israel.
JEWISH CO JIM UNITY MOURNS
THE DEATH OF DR. HERZL
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION.— A civil
service examination for promotions from cor
porals to sergeants in the Police Department
was held yesterday In the Girls' High School.
Eleven corporals took the test and the results
will be announced In three weeks.
The -contract for supplying sugar
does not come to San Francisco. On
the schedules appear the words "no
awards." The Government advertised
for 237,150 pounds of granulated sugar,
standard, medium grain, delivered in
double bags. No contract is awarded
in San Francisco for tea, of which 4925
pounds of Oolong, superior to fine trade
classification, is desired for the Indian
service. Awards are still to be an
nounced in two classes and the results
in these may be known this week.
The harness and leather men of San
Francisco had an inning yesterday. In
the awards for Indian supply contracts
several were winners. Those to whom
contracts were given were Andrew Car
rigan, S. W. Burtchaell, Joseph Sloss,
John P. Winchester, William Davis,
Edward H. Horton, William D. Key
ston, Wakefield Baker, Fred B.'Dallam,
Albert Kuhlney, Harry Unna, the
Michigan Leather Company, Frank W.
Sumner, Clarence W. Purrington and
Clarence W. Coburn. The supplies to
be furnished to Indians under the con
tracts in the line of harness, leather
and saddlery also included buckles,
blacking, bristles, knives, lasts, nails,
tools used in leather working generally,
oil and various other articles. Inciden
tally 4130 boxes of shoe blacking will
be furnished to the poor Indian to help
h'im attain and maintain a high degree
of civilization and 360 balls of shoe
makers' wax also mentioned in the
contracts may assist him to stick to
his purpose. The items in the schedule
covered by the awards made public
yesterday are mostly small ones, but
collectively they amount to thousands
of dollars.
The most important awards an
nounced yesterday are to furnish leath
er and harness. Albert J. Kuhlney was
the lucky bidder for the contract for
double harness, of which 115 sets are
called for at Kuhlney's price of $24 65,
and he also sells 248 sets of plow har
ness at $18 55. The awards for supply
ing leather were as follows:
Dongola kid. 106 pounds, to the Michigan
leather Company, at 78 cents; calfskin, 700
pounds, to Burtchaell, at 05 cents; harness
leather, 5195 pounds, to Frank W. Sumner, at
28 24-100 cents; UiD leather. 425 pounds, to
Burtchaell. at 46 cents; hemlock sole leather,
to the Michigan Leather Company, at 24
cents; oak sole leather, to John P. Winchester,
at 26 cents, the quantity being 45S0 pounds.
On February 11. 1902, Knop's brother,
Elfert, also a bachelor, died in this city,
leaving an estate worth $87,500. After
the payment of bequests ranging from
$2500 to $10,000 to the same German
heirs, the residue, amounting to $61,526,
went to Henry, who was the adminis
trator of the estate. A half-Interest in
a grocery and saloon business at the
corner of Broadway and Montgomery
street was among the property.
Knop disposes of his fortune as fol
lows: To his brother Herman, at Alf
stedt, amt Bremervorde, Hanover Ger
many, $50,000; to his brother Johann K.,
at the same place, $30,000; to the heirs
of his deceased sister, Geshe Junge, her
son Heinrich $5000 and the children of
her deceased daughter, Margretha, $5000.
All the residue goes to the brother Her
man. The estate consists chiefly of
cash and bonds.
In going through Knop's effects 6.
will dated April 2, 1902, was found, and
it was turned over to the law firm of
Lloyd & Wood. The attorneys filed the
document, together with the petition of
L. G. Murphy and John "W. Van Ber
gen for letters of administration. They
were named in the will as executors
without bonds.
Over In Germany the two brothers
and other relatives of Henry Knop.
who was found dead in his room in the
Commercial Hotel last Tuesday, will
be enriched by probably $250,000, the
estimated value of the estate.
Knop was 60 years old when . he
died and had no relatives in this coun
try. It was supposed that he had left
no will and was without heirs, and
upon this supposition Public Adminis
trator W. J. Hynes on Tuesday secured
special letters of administration . upon
the estate.
No §an Francisco Firm" Gets
a Chance to Sell Sugar
or Tea to Noble Eed Man
Part of Wealth Comes From
Estate of Elfert Knop,
Who Died Two Years Ago
BKOTHER IS GIVEN BULK
MUCH BLACKING NEEDED
Harness and Saddle Dealers
and Others Are Granted
Indian Bureau Contracts
Will of Henry Knop Gives
Entire Estate to Eela
tives in the Fatherland
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Numbers Class "G" Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A-
Saturday, July 10, 1904.
No. Prize.] No. Pris*.l No. Prize.
•il $ 40 127 $ 161 170 $ 16
213 It;; S46 16 3S7 24
5S4 SO! C« 16 65S 16
S63 24, 1071 40 1279 16
¦H23 S4| l»l 16 1680 SO
1T17 24 17S2 16i 1836 24
2079 24 1 2OH4 16] 2114 40
2118 24(2165 16 2194 16
'-SZl S0| 2316 24 2442 40
~>21 24! 2593 ltt 2614 4O
2046 1C; 2WV4 Jf. ! 2700 80
-701 24! 2W2 40 2U22 24
2971 24| 2W84 16 3086 40
•"US 40; orS6 120, 3435 4<»
"4«i9 " 80! S593 16 3700 24
"*<Jl 16, S835 16 3SG3 *<»
»t»09 SO, S»i*6 24| 4065 24
«221 16 4276 21 ; 4451 24
454» 24! 4»aro 4Ui 4686 40
4T28 16 4779 1C:4(«S3 24
«»78 16; 50SI 24; 5124 16
M*>6 jo 5294 40' 5322 80
540S 16' 5440 16! 54«2 J<*
8587 24 r.O.".S 161 5773 24
f'W7 8i> 5S97 16! 5313 Vi
• ••idS 24j <M?v< 40 C122 24
?¦165 24 «2« 16! «:;.>» 16
6-!« 1« «443 4O> 6716 24
•*f>2 16] 8SS3 16| 7129 16
7179 J6; 7240 24! 72*9 W
7305 40, 7.521 24i 7352 16
7471 24] 7M3 16' 7S90 16
7934 241 TJhb 40j 7966 24
*0£8 16 M47 24 1 8366 24
M39 16 S4M If.' 8584 24
KC5.-J 40 I
£762 16! S85« 24! 8973 16
»»25 16j 8219 16i 9272 16
8334 16' »500 161 !»627 40
«*-2» 24] »787 1CJ 97:»1 . 16
b847 40; 8882 Jt> '.O^O 80
»910 24| 9-J47 lt; : 10:540 16
30581 2410618 24 10750 24
108G7 1610809 24 11241 16
31333 16!ll4<M 1C 11507 24
UM2 4011R21 4O'11K7:S 16
11»2» 241ir»-*rj 54 11997 16
12«i;S 40 12225 KM2.JO7 40
32316 2112379 40,12436 16
K"542 I612.V>7 ]r.;i2tvtS 40
12T28 21127KS 24jl2S*4 SO
I2nrt« i«!uii7 ici 1:5391 ie
i:>42S 16 13403 2413CCS 24
T"T14 16 13S49 40 14015 16
14OT>n 16 14a.:5 W>:i4J77 40
14!J>6 24 H2."«! 10 142PS 16
.1*361 4O 144<K ICI14SS2 J<i
14^32 10 14732 40,14743 16
1477* 16 147«N 24:14847 40
'4848 4A14!**> 40114920 40
1!W13 24115186 16
JM92 40 ! 51*24 16!l5269 40
I23S7 16 ir.41"5 24J15S26 40
18*22 KI1S889 24:15889 M)
16P?1 I if, lSO,'tn 16:10267 16
it'^y«6 24.1«»:»7 KO IO.V55 24
3GJTO «O!l«S23 1C1W10 J6
18822 LCJ16696 24116733 40
IW83 161C992 40117018. 16
37*it>0 16U71W 24:17216 40
iTSSt 2417.J05 24!l732» 1«
17423 24|177SS 16117992 80
17397 24 : I*.!*n> 16 1*010 16
3^123 l«]V!.-c> ie.isit-2 24
"*•"! 1 4O.1SSS2 16)18820 16
1 >••••'»"• 24 1 VS26 I fi I KSPS ..... 24
3«C5 241RC.7 24:u»041 JG
I922< 24 vrjtH 2419271 W)
»*2S8 24 IS3S9 SO 19479 24
-¦ : -'T3 10 19r.l % 4 24 19626 18
''•'¦•'¦' SO HIM 6 40 19918 4<>
1-1+20 24;i99S4 J6 ( 202ti7 16
20333 S.. 20420 16 20473... " 24
3J642 - ItfiSOOM 10 20718 4O
-'10-;4 4<;212vO 1C 21302 40
21 -"vj 24 21 :u-o 4021 ::7G 1000
=H22 H-21.»7 16 21726 40
214.3 JG, ]
-1M* 24 21937 Kt»22O67. . 16
»*» 24 •22087 I20J22094 24
~' v * i6jaaa 120(222(0 2+
-'~<> 10 22:^3 4O22-IS6 40
--*••'• I«:.224S7 24;225«> S.>
--'* (( 4U 221KS 16;23(J36 I«
;-•••• 4 4n 2:~'<7» 4O2;j711 40
-'•'• y -~ 12<J.2-«K,5 KO 24"S1 16
- 4I:!0 40(24201 24 242«.« SO
-'-" fi 24 24-46 16' 24.194 SO
-*4J1<! Sf'2t459 NO 24610... . "4
-J r l*' n:2«sj:i 24 24S47 16
2 4:i:: I Mi 24!<:.!» 16-2513S* Sil
-•"-":• 4<i2-VlH lfi 2555ft 16
25613 «0|2SC54 12« 2.".747 16
2SS3S IC^SSSI 34120008 10
-•"'¦'4 S<i2»51«4 2< -.'1CH-5...:-. 24
- C.T.0 m 2t"M 12 SO 2»m 1 16
MEM I«;2CG54 24'2»«71 1*5
'-•:7C» 40 2677G 1 fi;2»;S22 1 (j
- v '"> 1027JUI 1027288 16
-7:12 !•' 27421 40 27445 40
-7*00 120 27O4 1 40 27M71 SO
- x "-<> I6J2S072 24J28374 4"
2S51« 24jSeS6 24(28783 16
rwSK 1C2S.NG5 162S911 24
:<aS1 ICJ288G4 16 29C52 16
r-1203 24123381 10 2U4S0 16
-"'.vjn 24)29602 »ft 2»»J&3 24
W~' 1 3«2f><>12 16291*38 24
- ¦'¦'• v 10 : :{<"i:2> 24;30U91 16
M*17 4(>r;f*.25 24 30841 24
'¦¦"•¦' I»iiOSH0 163OWJ7 36
oil '2 1C 31123 4O.U222 24
3I2C9 40S12S9 1C.31249 24
• n-i"- l«:U42ft 16 31CO 24
."]<••» 24 :JI!»O3 40.319V2 SO
•"2r*6 24321O0 4032186 16
52«70 1C;:2477 40 32485....'. 24
.':•.'.".»¦ 2 2 J 32593 24 32728 11
S2SC3 40.C234S SO ,33025 40
::;<i":^ 1C:C155 16 33325 so
S33«l 24.r»6i» «0|33674 SO
£MM 40)33703 lfi'.'tTSfK) 40
:>;z>?a. ... i«.iT:i5a 24134128 40
M162 24134301 16 34544 10
.:>711 16H4M3 40i:«905 16
31S16 4f>r,5137 I6I3S232 24
55503 l*i.i:.697 16."2>7«3 ]«
24 .'m>I»6 16359O9 24
r,firt4S 24.-.017S 4O36179 SO
S»iC26 10»770 24!r>«e90 24
r.n740 24 :^~4S 4O'n«T7f^5 ... KO
:;»»v!8 3«.:<:t.4<. 24|3«5»44 24
sfisso 4":37o<;ri 1637198 24
•"722« 4't::727'. 16i372«!5 ]6
-7299 1637307 24137351 J6
"73H9 16 374*9 16i37506 24
•*!7. r .2S 3«;.O"'7 1037731 24
"7753 ]»537ri'0 1637910 24
"•"^ J«r?vor.4 24,38108 120
38214 16 3«2<:S 24I3S37U 16
•:S.'iO4 1«3K793 40I38SW..... 16
S8S30 l«3«>40 1638988 16
CTO«2 4039166 80| 39303 1«
3SO28 U393S4 40 33149 40
»4«7 24J39.1W 120,09920 24
4<XC1 3040230 16:40201 24
4W<1 Sf>40476 16404!W SO
40569 16 4W20 24140787 40
4r«W» 4f<0 4OMOO S0,40913 400
< f M! 4O4UC8 24U11C2 80
4!?.aO 16.41 1»5 16417U3 16
4I7«2 4T.4178S 4041850 ' 40
41SSS I6J41S92 40|41930 120
4<>!42.r»2 16J42484 24
42T.71 1642620 1*5,42686 16
42748 24 42*24 16I42SS1 16
42S21 40 43107 1643242 24
43255 24'4r:2T,« 4043431 4O
4-1444 36 43590 4043657 24
4S79» 4043S92 164391S 16
44135 1644147 1644203 16
44599 24 445ftl 24 ! 44733 24
44363 24'44374 16'44997 40
4.M31 Sn'45in4 24'45233 1«
4.M1I SO 45524 24|45618 40
4M»4 WAZKA 80 ! 45997 80
4009* 24.46218 4046220 gO
46225 24'4C261 16U63O3 40
40337 16I46399 24 46453 24
4«i28 16 40537 16:46626 40
4*6*4 4<y40!>«4 1R 1
47200 R0!47377 4OJ4743S 24.
'7T.O8 i6'475S3 1647595 24
47K05 1647R40 24J48174 1<J
««256 16148353 24J48411 24
4fc719 I6 4S8S9 1640152 24
49154 16149269 1649.W4... "4
(9432 16U9506 24!49552 ]«
*'M20 24149632 24|4»643 24
<S«i3 24!4fl735 40 4»8O5 "4
O0R4 24150266 KO 50267... lfi
r^4.>7 4O1S0SU 120:50565 15
r^VS» 24.V)610 1650840 1<J
r.09<* 24 51 014 l«!r.lO39 1«
M334 120T.1343 40.51397 24
M6C9 16.M730 16:51771 1«
r.lKIM..... 24J51S42 24151928 16
M!»"0 I«1S2QSO 24J52075 40
r.2l!»l 1CT.2210 24152231 80
T.-J247 I6IS33G2 8O!52*4O - ig
r.2T.17 4C525S5 1O2W.8 16
r,?V^ 16IS2900 16J52939 IB
MOW 24':of)C7 lr.Lviooo 40
f^244 40JKS3S3 S4 S33M 16
.V..176 16 53407 ie|53510 lfi
rcsas: — 10:53004 i6!53624 40
'."t&7 S4IS3762 120'53S87 1«
r^WfiO 1€J533»3 40'&41SD 16
S4200 1654.W 24154630 24
?•?«*: 24!54»,7« 24154940 16
U133 4O5S194 16:55362 "4
t2S3S3 4O554.'» 16!55630 16
G3GS0 16 55C54 I6S5.V556 20
t'<C£n 1C.5.V5T6 4W55758 24
Ki<»a ,12fl"*91 I0J55919 24
r.«HO l(S'5«r»41 40156O42 16
r^.105 RO 50123 16J56139 40
r.C272 JS0I56342 16!5fi410 24
.'.0474 40156557 1615660S "4
r.W1S .S4 5CW1 J6 57121*1" W>
r.71fT 1»; ( 57273 16|57277"*' ! W
B7S3« 24157343 16|5742a 1 6
r-7426 i«;:.'»745:i i«,r,74s» 40
r.7.-OT 57 , C15 1*57634....: 80
BTTWMM; 4WI58146;!!'.! 24 5K176 1*2
T^277 JPir,8390..... 24 58421 1*. "I" 16
16159074 1C159C8I.. . '.' 40
r.9r^3.f... If.i5.t43* 8000:59466... KO
KHac 4059922 24 599S7.. 1«
«•<*«« 24!»»127 I«'t*l21« 40
• i<^4<; * 4fl<K)K40 40!«0fi«2 lrt
OP782 16IH0JC1 1000:«1052l ]«
"<I71 24C12SW5 24«1452.. " ift
*!UW8 24161542 l*i«1573....; i«
16!«17(!5 J6T617€5.... J"0
«UC6 24i(il95S BO «206*I !;M Ifl
•r.f ««..... 16K22S3 24 !»««;.: j«
4V2t>>t\ 16IV2G57 -. 24i«2«65* "i
CN^9..... 24!C27."i 16;02S5.vII*I so
C2S64I.... 24J62961. 40J63137 24
LUCKY BIDDERS
ARE NOTIFIED
GERMAN HEIRS
LEFT FORTUNE
N' 1 ?. Prize. !No. Prize. IN'o. Priz*, j
•W1G5 24<niG8 «0«31Sa 80
63244 40.63472 24I634S2 10
C354!) 16,fi3C51 ]«,03t»9 40
C3703 40ti3742 • 161(53808 2*
63S88 24 04115 24:04400 1«
64427 16 64496 12OJ64'3SS 1«
64G1& 24 04691 40,04715 24
C4D21 40 64948 24J65021 24
CT,026 24 65031 40;651S9 40
B52CO SO 63315 24 65341 24
O40R ]C;6T(538 24165651 4')
65727 40 65776 16 C58I1 10
65859 1UI60051 24|6t>099 1G
66224 1C 663*7 24|6tJ407 24
66422 16;C0423 16J66501 40
665S7 16'66596 1666643 24
66716 40,60751 24166779 16
CG0S6 120167033 16167033 16
67364 16167519 120J67549 16
67631 4067651 16 67671 16
67715 24*67767 16 67778 16
67793 10'67S<» 24J67S99 24
679S4 16 6S003 161
CS248 !4 68322....'. 24JGS510 24
CSK50 16€S543 24168773 16
CR7S9 4O6S805 16]68S75 16
C8902 16!tS977 24!f9<M7 24
69442 16j6»494 16!tiV7Sfl 16
I fi»M3 40 69957 16168967 24
i 7f-533 40i706«2 16 70692 80
! 70717..... 300COi 7071 S 40 708S5 10
I 7C970 24J70O73 SO 71030 2t
712C6 24.7ir.S7 1<5!714S2 120
! 716t>3 16;716S4 % SO 71710 40
I 71819 16:71850 1671860 16
I 71925 S0I720C0 24 72150 16
72269 40 72307 16 72357 16
72554 24i72595 24 72096 16
172706 SO'72807 24 72881 40
I 7291S 24!7."(l24 24 73CK4 16
7^089 16J73159 40J73172 16
i 721 SO 1617C2S7 16'7"410 24
I 73322 4OJ73C29 16 1 73633 16!
: 73732 K>i73&6:: 40J74036 40:
; 741M6 4O!74:K)9 24!7455fi 1« ,
174620 40J74631 24i74718 40
j 74S20 40.,4<S6 24J74S70 16:
i 74S5K SO!7. r >041 24175047 16
1 75H50 40175550 401 75553 24,
175571 ' 24!755N3 16|75tSSl 40
75912 16)75957 80170003 2t ;
7CC0S ]6i76126 16178229 40
176384 1 6176677 24'76923 16
'76339 16J769C4 16I77C4G SO
177099 40<77195 16J77317 40
• 773SR 161773S0 16'77509 10
1 77627 16i !
77C54 24I77SS1 40,78122 16
7S216 *0'T827B 80I784O2 IK ;
78442 lC;7St>06 161787S9 80
78S°4 ... 16i78S."» 24,78914 24
JB981 40 79037 K0|7«135 16
7!i254 1678342 80J71WSD JG
79i.'i5 24J9W1 16I7952:: 2t ;
795:a> 10|7»556...V- 16|7!KJt!? SO [
-0>lXt 21i79739 40179771 1*» ;
79858 24 78877 S0|7W07 24
7I4SM1 I6 7B965 16;srX)75 16
80W2 ... 24 ! R0266 241SOO16 40
S008K l«,K0721 16,S0740 2t '
K17SO 16.80790 18j811«4 40
H295 24S1&2 361S1477 1«>
814S01.... 80!81b2C 80 81640 1«
S16SS .... 1«|81821 BO 81824 16,
RigSS 24 MTO 4OS1964 120
S-VS4' .. 24j<»2136 12r>iS2463 120
S4I82748 16 82752 f>0
l C27»7... . ins2«:/S 24 83007 24
83256. ... 16 83261 so; 83330 16
B3331 1!4';SWU H;,.S.".561 16
STC33 84 83614 40;<C»620 2t ;
.•CX99. ... 1« 8.5717 1CS-5778 16 I
SS****; 1CS.1SC5 40,s:;07C 16 I
841*4. 16>tl"S 16|S4350 24
«4455 24 84393 40 84740 120
S475K • 1«:'S4796 16',S4938 80
8.-.C72 161S5I12 16:85125 16
SM4C 2000KM5S 161R5164 40
K.M65 16 85433 40 85492 40
sr,:>2;{ 16J&5.V15 SO'.SSSCS 16
R5S74 24,SO. r <S7 1HK57C2 16
*r,K^ 120SG229 16166257 10
si.ICt 40!SaTJ7 1686358 24
S»;M54 16!SCTiS5 40IS6709 24
SU743 SO|SC747 I6|86778 16
SG.53 40;«rt»95 1«, 87040 16
s;074 24lS>7234 40S7241 16
ST295 16|$7:>0S 10!S7oS-.» 80
S7439 2487465 40187661 24
S7e7i> '8087SC6 4t:|87954 16
879S2 120SS - a):? 168S311 JC
Rs:;i5 SOiSS.567 40;8>s\S6 16
K V 595 80 ! SS'U7 10|886:J9 40
•S8722 120;88775 16 8S798 16
SSt»fn ]»3 : 8SO1»6 ia!89C92 16
S9153 24;is»:jK-1 16|89f6O SO
, 8U685 24 89700 16i8932S 24
90103 16190213 16,90243 16
! 9C.-J0O XO'JOr.Gi 4019OT78 40
90414 16 90SS1 2H90584 10
; 9«:C88 1C90C95 24(90748 16
; 907S3 16i9aS29 16J00S54 40
i 0!<»C0 40-91100 40fiO ! 91101 16
'•1185 161911SS 16'91196 24
¦ «1»,U7 24'816SS 40191760 1«
91JC.4 40 92010 161D2060 40
92081 16!92168 40!92311 24
!fJ491 16192503 409251S 16
D2C67 24P2786 4092801 16
03O1S 16)83059 8093435 24
M344O S093542 16193608 24
183762 16;9.'»27 40i9.T930 16
j 93973 1694020 16194296 16
i JH40S 1«!94427 16,944*9 16
: 94«11 Hi, 94758 2494927 24
IP5J14 16195127 24195185 400
; »6."17 KO:9.%345 M>;9544B 24
195462 1695505 1695619 24
I :»5788 16,95841 80195893 SO
! !>.-if>06 40,fK;027 24|»6131 1«
! 9«312 * 24 9TS21 24 96431 SO
j 96574 24'96014 16197165 16
i S7277 1697299 16,97347 16
1 O7."76 80:97434 80197495 24
•.97512 1697572 16197615 16
[97631 40197777 24197810 16
j 91ST3 24197926 10197957 24
¦97072 2419^070 40'98094 40
98172 2419SSS0 16I98947 24
91*026 40;90226 16J99998 16
APPROXIMATION' PRIZES.
100 numbers from 70C67 to 70767 inclusive,
i being 50 numbers on each side of the number
j drawing the capital prize of $30.000 — $40.
| 100 number* from 593SS to 594S3 lncuslve.
i being 50 numbers on each side of the number
J drawing the capital prize of $8000 — $24.
100 numbers from 91050 to 91150 inclusive,
I bring 50 numbers on each side of the number
J drawing the capital prize of $4000 — $16.
TERMINAL, PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 17, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
' prizp of $30.000— $S.
i 999 numbers ending with S8. being the last
j two figures of the number drawing the second
! capital r-rlze of $8000— $s.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing, class "G," Honduras Na
j tlonal Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
I the above are the numbers which this day
I were drawn from the 100,000 placed In th«
j wheel, with the prizes corresponding to thrm.
I "Witness my hand at Puerto Corter.. Honduras,
C. A., this Fr.turday. July 18. 19fM.
Signed: W. 8. CABELtL,, Commissioner.
! $15,000 FOR $1— ON'E-HAUF OF FIRST CAT
| ITAL. PRIZE.
i State of Indiana, County of Marion.
! Frederick S. Robinson, residing at No. 2420
j North Pennsylvania street, in the city of In
j dianapolis. Ind.. being first duly sworm upon
! liis oath says: That lie is th« bona-fide. owner
and holder of one-half ticket, class F. num
ber 19345, In the Honduras National Lottery
Company (Louisiana State Lottery Company),
which drew the first capital prize of thirty
thousand dollars in the drawing held on Sat
urday. June 18. 1904. at Puerto Cortez. Hon
duras, C. A.
Signed: FREDERICK S. ROBINSON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me on the
25th day of June. 1904.
Signed WILLIAM A. HUGHES, Notary
Public.
$3500 FOR 25 CENTS— ONB-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri. City of St. Louis.
Gaorg* C. Pfarrer deposes and says that h«
resides at 3857 Lucky street. St. Louis, and
that he Is the rightful owner o t one-eighth
ticket No 19345 In the Honduras National Lot-
I tery Company, which in their drawing hold on
i Saturday. June 18. 1904, at Puerto Ccrtez.
I Honduras, C. A., drew the first capital prize of
thirty thousand dollars.
Signed GEO. C. PFARRER.
Witnesses: C. HARTMAN. B. H. KOHL
MANN".
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
! day of June. 1904.
Signed CHAS. B. HAJWAUER, Notary
t Publlo.
! $2000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF THIRD CAP
ITAL PRIZE.
I Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Suffolk,
8. S.. Boston, June 27. 1904.
I. Louis Koretsky. residing at 73 Poplar
street. Boston. Mans., do on my oath depose
and say: That I am the rightful owner and
possessor of a half ticket. No. 6428. which
number drew the third capital . prize of four
thousand dollars In the Honduras National
Lottery Company, which vu drawn on June
18. 1904. and that the amount of two thousand
dollars waa paid to me In full without dis
count or charge of any nature upon presenta
tion of the ticket to the representative of the
company.
Signed: LOUIS KORETSKY.
Then personally appeared before m* the
¦ above-named Louts Koretsky. who la known
j to me. and made out the above statement
subscribed by him as true.
Signed: MORRIS SILVERSTINE, Notary
j Public.
$7£00 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE- QUARTER OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
Somervllle, Mass., June 29,. 1904.
John F. Looney being duly sworn says:
: That he Is the true and bona-flde owner of
one-quarter ticket. No. 19345. class F.'
which drew the first capital prize of thirty
. thousand dollars on June 18, l»04, at Puerto
: Cortez. Honduras. C. A., at the, drawing of
the Honduras National Lottery Company, and
haa received the money In full without dis
count or charge of any nature.-
Signed JOHN F. LOONEY. 115 Elver et .
Cambridge. Mass. .
Sworn t» before me the 29th day of June
1904.
Elgned WM. A. FLAHERTY/ Notary Publio.
$2000 FOR 50. CENTS— ONE-QUARTER OF
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State, of Indiana, Union County
Isom P.' Gordoni of the town of Liberty In
Union County, State of Indiana, who being
by me. first duly sworn upon his oath, depots
and. says that he i* the lawful 'and bona-fide
owner and holder of one-quarter ticket num
ber 61665, class F. In the Honduras National
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
7
GatiforniaNorthws sternRailwa
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE
OF CALIFORNIA
DEER HUNTING...
The best Fishing and Hunt-
ing in California is along this
road, within a few hours'
ride of San Francisco.
The DEER SEASpN opens
July 15th in Mendocino Coun-
ty; August 1st in Lake
County; July 15th in Sonoma ,
County; Jvly 15th in Marin
County.
Black Bass Fishing.,.
Opened July 1st. These are
plentiful in the Russian River,
particularly in the vicinity of
Guerneville and Camp Vaca-
tion.
TAKE YOUR ROD— Our Rivers
and Streams are full of Trout.
TAKE YOUR GUN and get a Deer.
Many are now being seen daily.
The Game taws are enforced along
this road. Consult "VACATION,
1904," to be had at the offices of the
, Company. It will tell you where you
can camp or board, and be near your
game.
Ticket Office*. 650 Market st. (Chronicle
building) and Tiburon Ferry: General Office.
Mutual Life Building, corner California and
Sansome sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. General Manager.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent, v
LAKE TAHOE RAILWAY AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.
Connects at Truckee with train leaving 8. F.
at 8:05 p. m. Returning, connects at Truckee
with train reaching S. F. at 7:60 a. m.
THE TALLAC, WK y L AH0E '
Cafe -European. Nurses, mslds and children.
American plan. Prices now as low as any ho-
tel on lake. Service, accommodations, boating
and livery superior to any.
M. LAWRENCE & CO.
THE BROCKWAY HOTEL,
LAKE TAHOE.
Beside the usual attractions of a Lake Tahoe
resort we. have the only hot springs, the most
Bheltered shore and beat fishing. FRANK B.
ALVERSON. Manager. •
BUBXOON PABB:— A delightful resort
on shores ot Lake Tahoe. Best sandy beach
for bathing on the lake.' Fine fly fishing and
hunting In season. Boats, fishing tackle and
horses at moderate hire. Rates $% a day or
from $10 to $16 per week. P. O. and telephone.
A. L. FROST. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, Cal.
LAKE SHOBE KO1TSE— Glenbrook,
Nev. Cottages torent $5 up. lst-class board milk
and cream, fresh vegetables. D. COUILLARD.
DEER PARK mE&f$SS£lig l &£?
eLevatlon C507 feet: mineral springs. Booklet
Travelers' Office, 30 Montgomery st.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate ner
feet; 16 miles from Truckee. in an unbrokea
forest. For information Inquire- at Traveler
office, SO Montgomery St., Peck's Information
Bureau, "or Mrs. H.'.M. demons, Truckee,, Cal
' OAMFSEXiIi HOT SPBINQs! ~
In Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sierra 'County
C000 feet elevation. Are beautifully located
at the head of the great Sierra Valley, 80
miles long by 6 miles wide, surrounding which
is the great primeval forest of pine and flr A
specialty is made of the table. The hot springs
are unequaled for the cure of rheumatism
gcut. liver and kidney complaints and all blood
and skin diseases. Rates for room and board.
$11 to ; $12 per week. Round trip from San
Francisco to springs' via Boca, $14 SO. Stare
dally exctpt Sunday, connecting with 8 p. . m.
train from San Francisco.
Tuscan
Mineral Springs.
OPEN EVER? DAT XZT THE TEAS.
TO WHOM IT MAT CONCERN: A year and
three months ago I waa attacked with that
terrible disease, locomotor atazta. Power to |
balance, stand, or even sit down, entirely lost,
rwo best doctors of San Francisco and Hot
sprlnss. Ark., failed to help me. My stom-
ach, bowels and kidneys failed to work. I had
catarrh of stomach, head and bladder as a re-
»uit of the disease; these troubles becam*
chronic. At times my heart would beat like a
arum, my eyes grew weak, my memory bad,
"^nerves wrecked. Threo months ago I went
to Tuscan Springs. What happened since was
a piessant surprise to me. Drank the waters,
took the baths— after three weeks' treatment
Jtornaeh. bowels, bladder and kidneys in per-
fect condition, eyealgbt perfect, nervousness
rone, memory good. After three months' treat-
ment, walked without a cane, with eyes closed
ana up an( i down steep bills: am cured of thla
aread disease, now walk with slight limp.
Have run stores In seventeen towns of the
state of California; am well known In down-
ow , n dlstrl cts of San Francisco: inquiry there
will prove truth of my helpless condition three
months ago. Further information, address
LOUIS JACOBS. 6 Stockton st.. San Francisco.
We have hundreds of testimonials from
others. Send 6Oc In stamps for bottle of
stomach and catarrh Salts. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Southern Pacific
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS CORP.,
Tuscan, Cal.
Agua Cal iente
Springs
We have added many NEW attractions to
this beautiful and romantic spot; open all the
year round; tha nearest Hot Sulphur Springs to
San Francisco, temperature 115 degrees; no
stnjdngr; fare $1 10: sure cure for rheumatism,
asthma and all kindred ailments. We have five
different Hot Sulphur Springs; tub and plunge
baths and the largest mineral water swimming
tank in the State. Table and rooms are first
class. Rates $2 per day. $12 to $14 per week.
Special rates to families and half rates to chil-
dren. Inquire at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st..
or address THEO. RICHARDS. Agua. Callente
Springs. Sonoma County. California.
We have erected a stone building, modern
dining-room: can seat 400 guests.
¦ twwu 11 V Uwmi
H Situated In Vendome Park of 12 | N
a acres, a charming summer resort;
m both city and country advantages:
ff automobile garage on the grounds
\ free to guests. Bathing pavilion.
I bcwling alleys, tennis, etc. New au-
¦ to road map of the county mailed on
¦ application.
3 J. T. BROOKS. Manager.
PARAISO SPRINBS
Monterey County, Cal.
The most popular sanitary and health
resort In California. Completely renovated
- -and improved. No winds or fogs, and sur-
passingly grand mountain and valley scen-
ery. Hot soda and sulphur baths. larg»
swimming tank and excellent table. Write
lor booklet and particulars to F. W
SCHROEDER, Manager, or PECK'S IN-
FORMATION BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
Olf/I />f*O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
UA/f L7L7U COUNTY; only l'i hours
ww www from gan FrancJsco and
"^^™" ¦ but 9 miles staging: wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: best natural
hot mineral water bath In State. FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; both
morning nnd afternoon stages. Round trip
from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon
ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Information at
Tourist Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery
St., or of J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs, Cal.
CAMP GURRY
1 Get circulars at all railroad offices. ,
1 Advertised by 4C0O guests. > 1 1
YOSEMITE
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Russian River
below Guernevllle In a grove a mile and a half
long, skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adulta $2 per day, $10 per week; children
under 10 half rates. Special rates for fam-
ilies. Opens May 1. Address. MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Camn Vacation. •'Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. CaL
JLAMATH SPRINGS^
Beswtck. Slsklyou County, California.
Write to EPSON BROS, for Booklet.
Saratoga Springs.
15 different mineral springs.' Information at
Feck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.. or at J
MARTENS. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
,.-* .¦_.•_.--* Menlo Park, one hour from
llnlTT'O clty - Nln '* trains daily. Per-
il 1 1 I I I A lect dlmate ; buutiful puce;
llwl I I V comfort and quiet; excellent
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. Hottt's School.
SOLID COMFORT HOME
Extensively Improved; 190O feet altitude: no
fog; climate delightful; large orchard: vegetabla
garden; hot, cold baths; spring water: cement
swimming tank, 4OxSO. Rates $8 week up; stags
meets train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa, Cal.
JOHANNISBBRG.
New hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy
dining-room; hunting, fishing, swimming boat-
Ir.i?; $10 and $12 per week. THEO. BLANCK-
ENBURG JR.. Prop.. Cakvllle. Napa Co or
INFORMATION BUREAU. 30 Montgomery st.
K*jjgX^**^^^YSt; feu a V 1 I 2^*^
pP^y \ v "vffif—j Awalnjfs, Hammocks,
fe^yw^y^. *« t P?Fffi -^r # FLUIISISS
' Tel. Main Mu. Ill Clay gt.
VICHY SPRSNCS
Three miles from Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths.
Lovely grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal
spring; •ecommedations and table first claoat.
J. A. . REDKMETEK, Proprietor. ,
Grand ajuuuuuuuia
Electrical^ 3 Concerts
pisplay j: Warn § Daily
5g.gJUAAA Finest suvlsjlx&.
P:un S e.Surf g r ™/T\ 3 Firework,
and Tub 3 Bathing 2 Water Sport.:
Baths j 2 On thC 3 Roof Oirdenji
Dancing £ C03St 5 Summer:
Bojtin$and jo S Theatrical*
Pine Salmon U SODIC- 3 Vaudeville,
Fishing £ thing 3 Specialties*
Lovely Drives £ Doing J3 jf jg j
A'ons the o « .-•* 3 Special Rates-
Coaitand fe °}}™ C j| via S. P. Ry!
Through lhe jo inUC « During the.
Redwoods •mroTnrBTnTJTo- Entire Season)
I Spend Your Vacation
San Luis
Hot Sulphur
Springs San Lu^ oblsrfo
The most Ideal resort for pleasure and
health on the Pacific Coast. Buy round
trip ticket from San Francisco to San
Luis Hot Sulphur Springs. San Luis
Cbupo, Cal., and return. Including stage
to and from sprinzs and one week's
board for $20.00 to $22.00. according
to location of rooms, or board and accom-
modations $S».OO to 912.O<> per week.
Scenic surroundings. free bathing,
beating and flshins on tcrounds. mne
5hadj walks, tennis and croquet grounds,
dance pavilion for guests. Fine sea
beach one mile from Hot Sulphur Springs.
Cottages and furniture are all new. Gas
throughout buildings and grounds. Our
table Is well supplied with the best the
market affords. Our stage meets trains
arriving at San Luis Obispo at 3:15 p. m.
every day (except Sunday).
This Is no hospital or sanatorium.
WHY NOT SPEND YOVB
SUMMER AT HOTEL DEL
MONTE? NEW MANAGE-
MENT-GOLF, GLASS-
BOTTOMED BOATS, SURF
AND POOL BATHING,
OILED ROADS. SPECIAL
TERMS TO FAMILIES.
GEO. P.SNELL, MANAGER.
DR. C. C. O'DOlTITEaLiIj'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the coast. The greatest remedy .fop
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 49
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. V.
. & N. P. R. R. glv« special rates to camp-ri;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral,
water, boats, bathing and fishing free. M^als
served at Hotel Riverside at reasonable rate*.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlc«»
1021V. Market st.. bet. Sixth and Se/enth. Saa
Francisco.
LA HONDA AND PBSCADERO
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City: 9
a. m. train. 3d and Townsend. and 9:20 a. m.
train from San Jose connect with stages dlroct
Address WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood Cltjl
Cal. -
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Spring*.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wf.fi
trains at Hocland. Leave Hopland at 12:3u;
arrive at LakeDort at 3:30: arrive at Oartlet:
Springs at 7:30. New fl- horse 14-passecK?F
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport cr Uart-
l*tt Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett jpr.a* 1
Stage Line. Tickets can be purchased at ofSc*
of California. N. W. Ry.. UO Market *t.. o#
at Tiburon ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Props.
WHITE SUXiPHITB SPXXXaS, Valla J3.
Cal. — Most accessible springs to ban Francisco,
round trio $1. no stage fare; only 2Vi hours*
ride; 5 miles from Vallejo: hot. cold and
plunge sulphur baths: wonderful cures of rbau-
matlam, neuralxla. eczema, kidney, liver and
ctomach diseases. Beautiful ground* and lak«
for boatinir and bathing. r>anclnjr pavilion.
New bowlinx alley and shuffle board. Rates.
$10 a week. Including baths. Address MAN-
UEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
Hotel del Cazadero — Giant Redwood
Grove; free Camping. Hunting, fishing, bathing.
boating, dancing, livery stable; , flrst-claas
board. Sansalito ferry: round trip. $-1 75. good
six months. Rates, $2 day. $10 to $11 week;
reduced rat»« by the month. Villa lots for sale.
J. J. THIRION. Prop., Caradero, Sonoma Co..
Cal., cr North Shore Railroad. €26 Market st.
• I- OWN in mountains CAM?
STCCMEK HOM£ of Sonoma Co. MliliZSlI
Pure water, equable climate, lota selling 9IO
up; cottages built by Meeker. $30 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel: post and express:
telephone: sawmill; OCO lots sold; SCO cottages
bnilt. Sausallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C
MEEKER, Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
GBA3TD CE2TTBvA.lt HOTEL, Guern*-
vllle Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Rates $S and $10 a week. Ad-
dress F. PLATH. Guernevllle. CaL
HOSTS 8H0SE HOTEL — On Tomales
Bay. Good table and accommodations. Hous*
gas-ltghted Prices Very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS "Marshalls. Marin County. CaL
SCHAETEE'S Q3OVE — SOSS 7AUETT.
Private boarding; terms reasonable. Toana
meets Sunday morning trains. Address liCU
MATT LINDSAT. Ross Station. .¦¦
EIVES3IDE HOTEL ut COTTAGES
Near beach: 30 acres beautiful grounds: *po>
eial rates to families: write for booklet. F.
BARSON. Proprietor. Santa, Crus.
BELIiEfrUE HOTEL, £1 Vex&so, So-
noma Co.. Cal Terms. *1 day and up; hoc
mineral ipiings near by. Long distance tel»>
phone: daily mall. JOHN EERRES. Proprietor.
DE LA ROZA resort. Santa Crua Mountains:
cottages and tents for light housekeeping of
camping. A. J. CTBBS. Mgr.. Clbbs. Cal
The Weekly Cafl,
$1 per Year.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
BARTLETT docs not guarantee to cure
oil the ills that humanity is heir to, but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured.
If you would Improve your health and
have a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springe, where there la a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements anjj com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 CO to $6 00 per
Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett.
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter St.. San
Francisco.
The summer days are
chuck full • of enjoy-
ment when spent at
AETNA SPRINGS
And the fun don't go
down with the sun, either*
Just send for Booklet
AETNA SPRINGSCO.,
Napa Co., Calif.'
Santa Catalina Island
3% Hours From Los Angeles. Season 1904,
Our Famous Marine Band.
Hunting mountain goat, sailing, bathing,
golf, tennis and the finest fishing oa the
Camp Life a Special Feature.
Hundreds of furnished tents at reason-
able rates.
Hotel Metropole.
Modern In all particulars.
For further information address
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU 11
Montgomery st.. or BANNING CO. 222 3
Spring st.. Los Angeles.
Hotel EL CARMELO
PacMo Grove. California. "The Little Del
Monte." At the seaside with home comforts.
The place to spend your vacation with your
family. Burf bathing and fishing. Rates
with board $2 50 a day upward, cheaper- than
staying home. Send for Illustrated pamphlet.
Address GKO. H. CORDT, Manager.
M ARK WEST
H - K £o? EB SPRINBS
MRS. J. D. DROST and MRS. H. KOENER
will manage the springs; many Improvements;
new cement bathhouse and gan all over place:
12 day; $10 and $12 week. Office. 833 Lark:n
St., cor. Geary, or Mark West Springs. Santa
Roza. Rural No. 6.
THE NEW HOTEL AT
ADAMS
• IS FINISHED.
Every one ' knows that Adams water cures
stomach, liver and kidney diseases.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
For further particulars write to W. R. PRA-
THER.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America.
THE ROBSON ORCHESTRA. COMPANY
and DR. MONROE CALLENDER will furnish
the best music ever played at any resort In
the State. Boating, swimming, marine tobog-
gan, mineral springs, new livery. EDGAR
DURNAN, owner and proprietor. Laurel Dell
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to th«
most picturesque portion of California. Best
equipped stage line in the State. Leaves Calls.
toga, dally (Sundays ezcepted) at 11 :30 a. m..
direct to Harbin. Seigler, Adams, Howard. An-
derson, Hobergs, Spiers, Astorgs and Glen-
brook: half hour for lunch at Calistoga; also to
Middletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyvllle and
Lakeport. Livery In connection,
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
|> 1 1 n nil Hot Springs; on line South.
1 1 If 11 SI AI «m Pacific; 2V> hours from
Kin I 111. 5 a f, rr « nc >««>. 3 train,
II I llfllll dally: luxurious mineral
U I 1 1 U 1 1 and mud bath ': hotel
. unique in cuisine service
and appointments. Information at S. P. Co.
Bur^u, 613 Market it.. Peck's Bureau. 11
Montgomery St.. or H. R. "WARNER. Byron
Hot Springs, CaL
LYTTON SPRINGS
New management: no staging;; depot on
grounds: phone; fare $2 40; Tiburon ferry:
rates $10 to $15 : week: table first class: our
own-dairy; hot mineral baths; swimming tank;
livery; billiards; croquet. Booklet Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery «t.. or BARKER &
ROSS. Lytton Springs. Sonoma County. Cal.
HO FOB CAM? MEZKER! NEW ENGLAND HOTIE!
Located In a beautiful grove close to the
lake; fine playground for the children; swings,
croquet, bowline and tennis, boating and tattl-
ing, pavilions with pianos, fresh fruits in
plenty. Board and lodging, only $6 to $7 er
week. Address GEORGE HARISON. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM.
Not a hossltal; best equipped on Coast; mod-
ern improvements; large 'treatment rooms;
Ideal location: 6>4 acres; one block from street
cars: "write for literature. San Jose, CaL ¦ •
DUNCAN SPRINGS
U two mibes rnoai boflano.
Fine raediciral waters. Hard finished hotel.
Excellent table. Rates $10 to $12 per week.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
'Extensively Improved; new hotel; gas light,
large dining-room, telephone, hunting, fishing,
swimming, bowling, dancing, .all amusements.
Personal management. CSct booklet. 30 Mont-
gomery street. W. A. McCORNACK. Prop.
OCCIDENTAL HOTE^, EATWABOS.
First-class resort; tennis, croquet, bowling,
amusement hall. etc. Special rates to families.
Terms reasonable. A. GAUDARD. .Prop.;
phone Black 111.Special Information supplied dally *o
business bouses and public men by tfe«
Press Cltpr-lrc Bureau (Allen's). ZZO C*;
lforuia street. Telephone ilaia 10** •
Townsend's California Glac« freltj la
artistic fire-«tched boxes. 715 Market St.*
The zone of the world's interest in the far Eastern
war has been transferred from the scene of battle in
Manchuria to the Dardanelles and the. Black Sea, where
is stored the gunpowder of probable danger to the pow
ers of Europe. Statesmen and not soldiers must now
occupy the stage and the world will watch with eager
ness to see if the climax of their activities be a farce or
a tragedy in the story of the world's great affairs.
Few people know to what extent
woman Is invading our great packing
houses. The number in the Chicago
stockyards has almost doubled In the
past year. At the present time 2000
women are employed there. It Is true
that a little less than half that num-
Women in the Stockyards.
RUSSIAN ROYALTY.
THE scandalous conduct of the Russian Grand
Duke Boris, cousin of the Czar, while at the front
with the army of Kuropatkin is a picture of the
royal demoralization that besets a dynasty which holds
its place by keeping the masses in ignorance and super
stition and by cruelty to all who are informed enough to
desire liberty and the enjoyment of human rights. When
Boris was in this country he showed himself a thorough
paced, ingrained blackguard of the lowest type. His
conduct on the steamer at sea was such that he ought to
have been treed up and catted. In Chicago and the East
during his visit he was received into society with a view
of entertaining him as if he were, a civilized- gentleman.
He abused the courtesies in every case and showed less
sensibility and appreciation than we are accustomed to
see in our red Indian chiefs, like Red Cloud and Spotted
Tail.
Now, while the soldiers of his country are dying by
thousands in a war provoked by the ambitions of his
family, he paints Manchuria red with his debaucheries
and brutality. . No wonder the Russian soldiers have so
Grozi'iug Basket IVillcnv.
The culture and manufacture of
basket willow have not attained in the
United States the degree of perfection
and profit that mark the industry in
Europe. This is for several reasons,
the most Important being the relative
compensation of labor and the fail
ure of the American grower to adopt
the most improved methods. The
growing, harvesting, care and manu
facture of willow require manual la
bor wholly unassisted by machinery.
The cheap labor of Europe has grown
willow and woven -it into baskets at
a profit impossible with us and our
better paid labor. American Ingenuity
has still further complicated the Is
sue by producing a cheap split wood
basket to take the place of the more
expensive and durable willow. Thus
tn industry of good possibilities Is lan
guishing.
The bureau of forestry has taken
up the matter and given It careful
study. Its expert has thoroughly in
vestigated the methods of culture and
manufacture both In this country and
in England. Germany and Holland. In
addition the bureau has established
a willow plantation on the depart
ment's experimental grounds near
Alpha and Omega of Chicago.
Charles J. Aabel, an engineer, living
at 53 North State street, is the first
citizen of Chicago, in the sense that -his
name heads the long list of names in
the directory for 1904. A man of the
same name stood at the head last year.
The last name of the 657,000 contained
in the directory Is Joseph Zywa, 4842
South Elizabeth street. Last year one
of his countrymen, John Zyzna,
brought up the rear of the constantly
Increasing procession of citizens who
owe allegiance to Chicago. As has been
observed by the directory publishers
for years, the Johnsons are very much
In evidence. They crowd more pages of
names than anybody else, and the
Smiths come in a close second. The Ol
eons. the Joneses and the Browns are
just as numerous as ever. — Chicago
ChronicleTaBjSjd
Certain persons, interested in the well-being and
prosperity of saloons, have asked the Supervisors to
make the lunch counter one of those prohibited things
which must pass into the limbo of discarded vices that
no law-abiding saloonist may indulge under severe pen
alty of the law. Let us wish the request success on its
devious progress into the statute- books. As a law it will
work wonders of improvement to the digestive apparatus
of many of our worthy citizens.
Nor wasted breath in boasting; when
work there was to do
They held their peace In patience, the
only peace they knew.
But peace is hard to conquer, and harder
still to hold
When treasure-laden galleons make
skulking pirates bold.
Alone the fathers voyaged; alone they
held their way;
But half a world In convoy looks up to
us to-fcay.
To guard them with our bulwarks when
rovers swarm in force;
To guide them to the haven by freedom's
chart and course;
To share our lot as brothers, till all the
world shall know
From sea to sea one people— one flag
from snow to snow.
— James Jeffrey Roche in Collier**,
In stress of tide or tempest, or In the
deadly grip
Of broadside scraping broadside, they
sailed and fought the ship;
When seas were black before then and
skies above were black,
Xo hand refused its duty, no eye looked
longing back.
Now honor to the fathers who sailed the
ship of state.
The mighty who were humble, the simple
who were great!
They fired no noisy salvos, no gaudy
banners flew.
But silent, sober, solemn, they turned
them to the blue.
Sealed Orders.
ICE— E. S. J.. City. Ice Is specifically
lighter than water about to freese.
therefore floats In it. This Is one rea
son why the formation of Ice usually
begins at the surface of water. Another
Is the peculiar law of Its expansion.
The general law Is that cold induces
contraction. This law holds good with
water only to a certain point. When
it has cooled down to 32 F. degrees of
freezing, it ceases to contract, as be
fore, with Increase of cold and begins
to expand until It freezes. This ex
panding would naturally cause the
coldest parts of the water to rise to
the surface. The formation of ground
Ice or anchor Ice. as It is called, at the
bottom of streams of lakes under cir
cumstances Is only an apparent ex
ception to- the rule given above. The
whole body of water is at the sarr. •>
time cooled below the freezing point
and the substances at the bottom. t!u>
rocks and stones of "the river bed. serv*
as points of congelation, or crystallisa
tion for the water. Ground- Ice may be
the lowest stratum of the once com
pletely frozen mass of water retained
at the bottom by natural cohesion to
the rough substances of the river bed.
during the thawing and meUlnjc of the
1 Ice on the surface, or it may even be
formed under favorable conditions be
neath briskly flowing water v probably
by the action of eddies which draws
the surface wa,ter down through the
warmer, but denser liquid, thus cool-
Ing the rocks and stones at the bot
tom. The layers of ground Ice seams
are three Inches thick, but it is note
worthy that as soon as they are de
tached from the bodies which hold
them, they Immediately rise to the sur
face. Ground ice Is not confined to
rivers.
NAVY LEAGUE— O. R. W.. Oakland.
There 13 no Navy Club In San Fran
cisco, but in AugusC l>03. a branch
of the United States Navy League was
organized In this city. For Informa
tion In regard to Qualifications for
membership, fees, etc., address George
C. Sargent, the secretary. 230 Mont
gomery street. San Francisco.
General "Joe" "Wheeler relates the
following amusing incident that took
place during the night of the El Caney
affair:
"General Lawton's division was
marching back to El Paso, there to
take up a new position In the morn-
Ing. The general, in company with
Major Creighton Webb, inspector gen
eral of his staff, was standing at the
edge of the road, watching his troops
tile past. Just an dawn was breaking
the colored troops came in sight. They
gave evidence of being dead tired, but
were nevertheless full of 'ginger.'
"General Lawton's attention was at
tracted to a certain corporal of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, a great six-foot
r.csrro, who in addition to a couple of
puns and two cartridge belts loaded
fall, was carrying a dog. The soldier
to whom the other gun belonged was
limping alongside his comrade.
"The general halted the men. 'Here,
corporal,' said he to the six-foot man,
"didn't you mareh all last night?'
" 'Yes, dr.' responded the negro, sa
luting.
" 'And fought all day?*
" 'Yes. elr.'
** 'You have, besides been marching
since ten o'clock last night?"
'• 'Then,' said Lawton. 'why on earth
are you carrying that dog?'
•"Well, general,' replied the negro,
showing his white teeth In a broad
grin, 'the dog's tired!' " — From tha
Woman's Home Companion.
He Was Thoughtful
WEDDING — Subscriber. City. The
thirtieth anniversary of a wed-ilng is
called the pearl wedding. All Jewelry
donated as wedding presents on that
occasion must be pearL There Is no
sixtieth anniversary of a wedding.
OIL FIELDS— E., City. The prlnci*
pal and largest oil fields In California
are the Kern River. Midway. Sunset.
Los Angeles. Coallnga, Puente and
Ventura.
Answers to Queries.
THERE is a strong probability that the course of
the world's events may witness the novel interven
tion of a disease in the arbitrament of tangled af
fairs. Recent word from South Africa has it that of the •
first shipload of coolies sent to Durban under the Bal- !
four propaganda for the importation of Chinese labor j
nearly a third became suddenly and fatally afflicted with
the dread Oriental malady beri-beri. Arriving at the
Rand the coolies again suffered from the disease and
twenty-five of their number succumbed. With the
bodies of the unfortunate laborers shipped back to China
as an evil omen the mine owners not only find a hornet's
nest stirred up about their ears in the Transvaal, but are
experiencing, according to the reports of the press, great
difficulty in recruiting a further supply of laborers in
China.
It would appear that the outbreak of this dreaded
plague among the imported coolies is the final drop
destined to crystallize the opposition of all classes of
Afrikanders against the policy of the Balfour Ministry.
Already the Liberals in Parliament have renewed their
fight on the strength of the epidemic's appearance. From
the forces of the outraged colonists in the Rand, quiet
only for the moment under defeat, disturbing mutterings 1
are becoming more audible daily. Recent editorial utter
ances in one of the strongest of New Zealand's opposi
tion organs revives the talk of a Pan-British Staaten
bund for the protection of the colonies in their mutual
interests.
Whether or not the ring of mine owners will succeed
in their attempt at forcing a new element into the al
ready inflammable race question of South Africa must de
pend upon the attitude of the lately subjected Boers no
less than upon the opinion of the recently established
Uitlanders. The men who fought at Modder River and
Spionkop have still to be reckoned with even though
they were thrashed into peace by the brute force of over
whelming numbers. Now that they are not only subject
to a nation their enemy for these hundred years, but
suffer under the ring rule of a clique of rich men who
hold the labor market in the hollow of their* hand, it
cannot be expected by the British Imperial Government
that the Boers will have hearts attuned to all peace and
fealty even under the most favorable conditions. j" V
The conquerors of the Transvaal and the Free State have
not advanced to their new subjects the most ideal condi
tions. Even the home Ministers are prone to the secret
belief that the government of the lately acquired terri
tory is more a modus vivendi than an established order
of things. Now that the peoples so lately dis
possessed have thrust upon them yellow labor and the
fearsome concomitant of the coolie incursion — disease —
students of affairs may await with expectancy develop
[ ments more or less definitely foreshadowed.
Eer mother. Cora. Countess of Straf
ford, it will be remembered, was the
widow of Samuel Colgate, a Xew York
banker, and with her wealth and beau
ty created a mild sensation when she
came to London in the 'SO's. She was
noticeable at evening parties for her
fashion cf wearing in her hair an ex
tremely upstanding white aigrette. She
also started the. style — since become
popular— of using a riviere of
diamonds, not as a necklace, but as an
ornament, slung across the front of
the bodice of her gown. Her marrlagf
to Lord Strafford was celebrated with
much magnificence, but their wedded
life lasted only five months, the late
Earl meeting with a tragically sudden
death In May, 1SW. Her second widow
hood endured only a few years and she
recently espoused her third husband,
Mr. Martin Kennard.
rationality is Miss Colgate, the daugh
ter of Cora, Countess of Strafford. This
in strikingly shown in the portrait here
reproduced depicting her in the cos
tume she recently wore in a tableau
given at a fashionable charity bazaar.
Tall, graceful, good looking and a rich
heiress to boot, the is well qualified to
typify Columbia in the form that ap
peals most strongly to English admira
tion. There is much speculation In
eociety here as to who will be the
lucky man to wed Miss Colgate and
her ciiHions. but though among her
adorers are many scions of the nobility
whose ancestral exchequers need re
plenishing she has thus far given no
indication of any decided preference
for any of them. Meanwhile ehe get*
plenty of enjoyment out of life, for she
l£ an outdoor girl, blessed with vigor
ous health, and is an excellent . rider
to bounds.
BERI-BERI AND THE BOERS.
THE PATRIOTIC MISS COLGATE.
ONE OF THE AMEPaCAN
EELLES OP LONDON.
"I hof vin id." he said, dangling the
bird's head in frcnt of his wife. Like
the good housewife that she is Mrs.
Hans got out of bed and took the bird
from Hans to put it in a place where
It would not spoil.
She went out into the kitchen, leav
ing Hans making preparations to re
tire. Suddenly Hans was startled by
a yell. Rushing out to the kitchen he
gasped aloud. Then he saw and com
menced talking to himself in German.
His night's winning was Indeed a
"peach"— one of the clingstone variety.
The turkey head and about three
inches of neck had been cleverly ar
ranged so as to give him the impres
sion that he was carrying" a fat speci
men. The rest of the bundle was com
posed of a few rocks, ball after ball of
paper and the "peach."
shook, but not a bird did he win. Fin
ally, about midnight, the crowd about
the table yelled like mad. "You win.
Hans, you win!" they shouted.
The proprietor of the place slapped
Hans on the back and congratulated
him. and so every man in the place.
"Set 'em up vonce," said the German,
smiling a pleased smile.
"I will see that you get a peach.
Hans." said the saloon man. "You de
serve it."
"Yaw," said HanL. ' again smiling.
"Let us some more drink have."
"Well, in the small hours of the morn
ing Hans left the saloon, carrying a
bundle frcm which dangled a tag read-
Ing "16 lbs.." and from one end of
which rrotruded a turkey's head. 'It
Is a peach." murmured Hans several
times while on his way home. He af
fectionately stroked the protruding
head as he murmured. Arriving at his
home he woke up his spouse.
The annoying fact has been announced that no ar
rangement has been made to pay the German judges of
their countrymen's displays at the St. Louis Exposition.
These experts will have to cross the ocean, give their
time and expert knowledge and pay their own expenses,
aggregating $62,000, simply to extend to us an excep
tional courtesy. We may find that such cheap treatment
of them is rather an expensive cost in the loss of a great
national friendship.
Every sort cf article Is foxr=d ta re
turned circulating library books — hair
pins, powder puffs, love letters, bills.
bits of lace. In fact, anything that wC2
serve as a bookmarker, from a slice of
bread and Jain to a five-pound net?.
Yes. there Is actually a case on record
of such a five-pound note and when
the owner was advertised for it ap
peared, curiously enough, that h-n
dreds of people had used this luxurious
kind of bookmarker. — The Book
Monthly. •
Odd Bookmarks.
THEN HAN? ?AW. AND HE COM
MENCED TALKING TO HIMSELF
IN GERMAN.
A learned contributor to the current
number of Notes and Queries states
that the descendants cf Mary Q'-een
of Scots, who left but one child, are
now to be found In every court of Eu
rope with the exception cf Turkey and
Servla. In England are the King, the
Queen, the Prince and Princess of
Wales, while on the Continent are the
Emperor and Empress of Russia, the
German Emperor and Empress, the
Emperor of Austria, the King cf the
Belgians, the Queen of Hol'and. the
Queen of Sweden, the King cf Den
mark, the King and Queen cf Portu
gal, the Kings of Italy and Spain and
various minor royalties.
Mary's Descendants.
PRESIDENT J. J. HILL of the Great Northern and
also president of the railroad trust, which the Su
preme Court of the United States dissolved in the
suit brought by President Roosevelt, announces himself
for Parker. That is what was expected. Hill's railroad
trust combined their systems serving the same territory.
They had been created for competitive purposes. The
people had given rights of way, station grounds, town
sites and all sorts of local aid to these lines in order to
get the protection of competition and rival facilities. In
addition to this local aid the Northern Pacific and the
Burlington had Federal land grants.
It is safe to say that without the initial impulse of pub
lic aid, general and local, two of the systems involved
would not be in existence at all. Mr. J. J. Hill and Mr.
J. Pierpont Morgan and Mr. Belmont proposed to take'
these properties, created by such means, and put them in
a trust which obsoletcd the competitive purpose they
were built to serve. The rights of the people of several
States were involved. These States were roused, from
Minnesota to Washington. Governor Van Zant of Min
nesota brought an action in the local courts which
proved inefficient. President Roosevelt ordered the De
partment of Justice to bring suit in the Federal courts
under the anti-trust and interstate commerce laws.
It was then that Mr. J. J. Hill proclaimed his intention
to have the President's scalp. He is after it now. That
is what his support of Parker means. He is the owner
of $150,000,000 and will spend it freely to defeat Roose
velt. But it remains to be seen whether money will do
it. It is a time of testing in which men must line up.
The issue is made by the trusts, which have cause for
fighting the President. If the people go with the trusts
in support of Parker they cannot complain that they
were not informed.
THE MERGER CHOICE.
5 HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN, LONDON, July '.—Notice
able among the popular young Ameri
can women in English society who take
a patriotic delight in emphasizing their
Special Correspondence.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
Proud of Her Country.
+. T
ber are engaged In the revolting
work. the majority being em
ployed in painting and labeling CMOS,
wrapping and packing soap and but
terine. To such work the butcher*
make no objections. But the nuab**
engaged In the less pleasing occupa
tion Is gradually being increased. La*:
summer the sausage-makers at the
stockyards went on strike. The stri«c»
was not sanctioned by the r.atlor.a'.
officers of the organization and whe
the men refused to return to wcrk
the packers proceeded to fill their
places with women. The union could
not object- The men had struck with
out authority. The women are at work
to-day, filling. linking and trimming
sausage. The men are seeking work.
What wages the women are being paid
Is known only to themselves and their
employers. They are Lithuanian peas
ant women. Few can speak the Eng
lish language. To organize then would
be practically Impossible, even were it
advisable, which the union officials
do not believe. But at frequent inter
vals a few men are laid off and a few
more women hired. Can the union
stop the Innovation? — Luke Grant, in
the World To-Day for August.
Purveyors of milk in this city are still storming the
authorities with objections to the proposed reformatory
regulations of the dairy traffic. Every objection to a
reasonable sanitary condition demanded by the munici
pality is another argument to prove that the sale of
pure .milk in this city may be included jn the category
of luxuries too expensive to be purchased. The object
ing dairymen should find another name for the com
modity they are willing to sell.
The Populists were not alone nor singular in putting
undeserved stress on a legal tender currency. Mr.
Bryan speaking to them in Nebraska in an attack on
the national banks said: "A bank issues its note of hand
and draws interest on it while it is outstanding. You
farmers issue your notes of hand and have to pay in
terest on them while they are outstanding. The law dis
criminates between the corporation and the man. What
is needed is a law that will enable you to draw interest
on your note of hand while it is outstanding." If that
were not a proposition to make a currency out of un
secured personal notes what was it? Mr. Bryan was the
nominee of the Populist party for the Presidency and
spoke by authority.
It must not be understood that we impeach the re
spected shadow of Populism or intend to speak ill of
the dead. It is the experience of all philosophers and
of all benefactors of their kind rejected by the genera
tion of which they are a part, to be selected and honored
by generations follo\\ing, that the most difficult of all
things is to get men to think deeply and soberly about
anything. The great issues of life require thought and
seldom get it. It is therefore the conclusion of the
philosophers that it is better that men should think
wrongly than not at all. When the process of ratiocina
tion begins the integrity of the mind leads thought
aright. To the Farmers' Alliance and the Populists
must be given credit for starting several millions of peo
ple to thinking. In this they far excelled the two old
parties. After all there was more American manhood
in a Populist standing out and giving reasons for the
faith in him than in David B. Hill saying "I am a Dem
ocrat," without knowing why or giving any definition of
the faith.
Populism has passed so suddenly away because Popu
lists began to think and went forward to right thinking
that led them out of vagary into the substance of things.
They enslaved themselves to the idea that artifice by
legislation can do what natural' law does better. Like
many others they were led far astray by the legal ten
der laws. Such laws are not necessary, though they may
provide a convenient measure. Men deal in values by
contract and when A borrows of B they may mutually
agree that a legal tender for the debt shall be bushels of
wheat or dollars of gold weighing so much each. They
establish their own legal tender in their contract.
We may never look upon the like of the Populists
again, but let it be said of them if their ideas were wrong
they had the courage of their convictions.
A CORRESPONDENT writes us chidingly about
our memorial remarks on the passing of the Pop
ulist party. He demurs to the statement that the
Farmers' Alliance was obligated by Mr. Polk to be ex
clusive in its reading and in the speeches to which it
gave ear. As we were not a member we can only sub
mit the testimony of the press, especially of the
Southern press, current at the time.
The organization was an abnormal outgrowth of hard
times and of low prices for farm products. In the af
fairs of this world there are streaks of lean and streaks
of fat, and when we all strike an unusually thick lean
streak we not only think some one has meddled with our
meat, but we are apt to go hunting for a quick and ready
remedy, which is usually the wrong remedy, and while
we are trying to apply it or wondering why it doesn't
work things right themselves, everybody resumes buying
and selling and we forget all about the trouble. This
seems to be the reason why the Populist party has gone
to sleep with its fathers — the Greenbackers and the
Farmers* Alliance.
What use to dispute about what it taught in economics
and finance? It seems to have scouted the idea of in
trinsic value in a medium of exchange. The gentleman
who chides us says that Populists "even professed to be
lieve that all the value of the precious metals, over and
above that created by their use in the arts and sciences,
was pure fiat — a value created by the nations which had
adopted them as convenient material for ese for pur
poses of money.**
No government can create a fiat value except as be
tween itself and its own people who do business with it.
The government may agree to take its taxes in chips and
whangs, and they immediately have a value arising in
that exclusive function. It may even make them legal
tender between individuals for the discharge of con
tracts between debtor and creditor, as it did greenbacks,
but there its power of fiat stops, for the world does busi
ness in a medium of exchange that derives its value
from human desire and not from necessity imposed* by
statute law. Of all the metals and minerals man most
desires gold. All over the world savage and civilized
man, Christian and Pagan, gentle and simple, all desire
gold more than anything else. This universal desire
makes it a universal medium of exchange. It is so by
natural selection. It is by universal desire made a form
of property that is exchangeable for all other forms of
property. The governments did not make it so and they
cannot unmake it. The nations have simply followed
the line of natural selection in making gold, already the
universal medium of exchange, the official standard of
\2lue also. 'J.
The growing of basket willows was j
introduced into the United States some j
sixty years ago by German basket j
makers, who settled in Western Xew I
York and Pennsylvania. They first ;
attempted to use wild willows, but ;
soon abandoned these as Impractic- j
able and imported the purple or Welsh i
willow. They grew the rods and the !
manufacture into baskets was made
profitable by whole families engaging
in the weaving. Their product has al
ways been a cheap variety of basket, j
since they use steam In peeling the j
rods, which gives them an undesir
able dark color. When the industry
was extended farther west and down
to the Baltimore district, Maryland
hand peeled rods were used and a
much higher grade basket manufac
tured. But this country, in the ex
tensive use of willow ware, has never
approached Europe, where are found
not only heavy farm baskets and re
ceptacles made of unpeeled willow,
but market, clothes and fruit baskets
of peeled willow, furniture, hampers
and trunks and most artistically
wrought split willow ware designed
for countless other uses. Could all
these be as cheaply manufactured
here as there their use by us would
doubtless be as extensive as that
across the sea. For willow ware is
not only prettier than its substitutes,
but, what Is still more Important,
lighter and more durable.
Another use for willow in this coun
try Is found in the growing demand
for willow furniture, which has be
come fashionable in the North, while
in the warm climate of the South it
is rapidly taking the place of uphol
stered furniture. Good wages can be
paid in the manufacture of this kind
of furniture. It is a profitable indus
try and steadily growing in Import
ance, while willow basket making has
barely held its own in the last dec
ade. The demand for furniture ma
terial has been met to this time chiefly
j by importing French rods. But this
can be changed if our own willow
growers will adopt more scientific
methods of culture and market their
rods only after they are well sea
soned — not soon after cutting, as is
now customary.
Washington. D. C, where the best spe
cies of basket willows were set out on
different soils and spaced in accord
ance with different methods of plant-
Ing. The results of this research will
shortly be made known by the bureau
in a bulletin entitled The Basket Wil
low."
• The bureau's purpose was to dis
cover a means of reducing the cost of
the raw product, peeled and unpeeled
willow rods, and also of Improving the
quality. This has been definitely as
certained. It Is entirely a matter of
properly regulating the distance be
tween the sets in planting, care in
cutting the crop of rods and In select
ing better species and strains of wil
low. The custom has been to plant
In rows three feet apart, spacing a
foot in the rows between the sets. A
far better plan is to put the rows only
twenty Inches apart and reduce the
; distance between the sets to nine
inches. When this is done and the
crop is cut close to the ground the
rods will be longer and less branchy,
the plants longer lived and the yield
per acre much greater. The initial
cost is slightly higher than under ex
isting methods, but this is more than
offset by the increased* returns. At
present an average production of six
tons of green rods per acre Is excep
tional; by the method now advocated
by the bureau eight or more tons per
acre of better rods can be produced.
When to improved methods of cul
ture the advantages from a choice of
better European varieties of willows
for planting are added the result will
be a marked reduction in the price of
the raw material and a distinct better
ment of the condition of both the pro
ducer and manufacturer.
A few -weeks ago Hans -was- coaxed
into a turkey raffle by a Mission sa
loon-keeper. It was on Hans' pay
night and of course he was ripe pick-
Ing. He shook the dice and shook and
If you are tired of living and wish
to shufCe off this mortal coil in a very
speedy fashion. Just drop out on Mis
sion street, not many miles from Fif
teenth street, and inquire for "Big
Hans," a breweryman who lives in that
neighborhood. You will no doubt be
greatly taken aback when you see the
big fellow, he is so good-natured look
ing. "He would not harm a fly," it
is ten to one you will remark.
Nor would he under ordinary cir
cumstances, but just ask him if he
wants to attend a "turkey raffle" and
then, if you wish to die a quick death,
stand in your tracks.
The change is frightful. Big, fat,
good-natured Hans becomes a Veritable
demon. Ach Gott! He will bellow
and in a minute you are a dead man.
There is reason for this rage of Hans,
as will be shown by the following tale:
Han? Turkey Raffle.
THE POPULIST PARTY.
many times refused to stand and take the charges made
by the Japanese, when they have before them the heart
less indifference of this member of their royal family, and
see the bad example of his violation of all decency and
discipline. His conduct reads like a chapter out of the
history of the court of Louis XIV, or of his own ances
tress, Catherine. Xo prince nor officer of any other
nation would dare, in these. days of decency, to violate
every canon of morality as he has. It is well tHat his
cousin, the Czar, has ordered him home and under semi
arrest. But the conduct of which he has been guilty im
presses its poisonous influence upon the young officers
and the effect will continue long after his return to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JULY 21, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor Address AH. Commentations to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office - Third and Market Strecta. S. F.
THURSDAY ... JULY 21. 1904
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESHarry Spencer, proprietor of a
lodging-house at 393 Sixth street, re
ported to the police yesterday that one
of his roomers had givpn him a check
for $8 on Monday, drawn on the First
National Bank and signed P. C. Ward.
He received- $2 change. The check
was worthless. Mrs. Mary Barry, who
has a lodging-house , on Sixth street,
reported that on Monday a man giving
the name of William .Wallace called
on her and gave her a check for $11
on the Wells-Fargo Bank to pay her
expenses to San Luis Obispo. He
asked for and got a dollar, on the
check, which was worthless.
Pass Worthless Checks.
The signature was printed in pen
ciL The H. and K. Novelty Manu
facturing Company were engravers
who had a place of business at 3
Hardie place until six months ago,
when they removed. ' Persons hav
ing offices In the same building say
that the firm kept their doors closed
and did not have anything to say . to
the othex inmates of the building. The
firm under that name does not appear
in the city directory.
Chief of Police Wittman received a
letter yesterday morning from some
one who said she was about to com
mit suicide. It was inclosed in an en
velope on which waa printed "H. and
K. Novelty Manufacturing Company,
3 Hardie place, and read as follows:
Dear Sir: When you receive thlt letter I
will be dead and gone to where I will be happy.
A young man with a light suit and a Panama
hat was tha cause of all my trouble. Wh«n
you recefve this, look for my body In the
waves of the bay. N. K.
Writer Threatens to Drown Herself
Because of a Young Man With a
Panama Hat.
MYSTERIOUS NOTE COMES
TO CHIEF OF POLICE
Justice of the Peace Daniells yes
terday gave judgment for $208 10 In
favor of Charles B. Whilden, who sued
the Columbian Banking Company for
$299 damages. The evidence dis
closed that the bank refused to cash a
check for $55 67 signed by Whilden
on the ground that there were no
funds to his credit, when, In fact, he
had enough money in the bank to
cash the check. The bank's defense
was that the refusal was due to a new
clerk's error.
Judge Daniells Rules Institution Was
at Fault in Refusing to Pay
Check.
GIVES JUDGMENT AGAINST
THE COLUMBIAN BANK
Emil J. Coret, a watchman, resid
ing In San Francisco, filed a petition
In insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $435
and has no assets. He took "the pau
per's oath" to avoid paying the clerk's
fees.
Bankrupt Watchman.
"As a man thlnketh, so is he." As a man
drinketh, go Is he. Drink Gilt Edge Whiskey
and you'll be (rood. Wlchman, Lutgea & Co.,
20-31 Battery 8 t., San Francisco. •
Jacob Feldman, a tailor at 1066
Howard street, has asked the assist
ance of the police In recovering the
furniture and other effects that were
contained in a house at 244 Elsie
street. He estimates their value at
$550.
Feldman says that about ten months
ago he furnshed the house and
brought Minnie Aberman to keep
house for him. He was astounded
when he went home on Tuesday night
to find the house stripped of its fur
nishings and the woman gone.
He started an Investigation and
learned that In the afternoon three
men had driven up to the. house in
an express wagon, and, directed by the
woman, had loaded and carried the
household goods away.
Jacob Feldman Finds Ills House
Stripped and the Woman He Left
in Charge Missing.
TAILOR ASKS THE POLICE
TO RECOVER FURNITURE
San Yen Foo, a Chinese cook, was
arrested by Detective Egan on the ar
rival of the steamer Queen from Seattle
yesterday morning. He was taken to
the City Prison and booked on a
charge of child stealing. The boy, Al
fonse James, 11 years of age, whom
the Chinese is accused of stealing, was
on the steamer. His father, W. James,
a cook at 2235 Washington street, took
charge of him. The boy's parents are
half Chinese and half Spanish.
San Yen Foo was the cook on the
steamer Spokane. He says the boy
was anxious to go to sea, so San got
him p. job as cabin boy. San spoke
to the captain and was told to bring
the lad aboard for a trial. This state
ment was corroborated by the boy,
who said he did not want his father
to know he was going to sea.
The cook and the boy were arrested
at Port Gamble anl taken to the Seat
tle Jail. Detective Coleman went there
with the papers for the cook's extradi
tion and sent him and the boy back in
charge of the purser of the Queen.
San Yen Foo Denies the Charge and
Is Corroborated by the Boy
in Question.
CHINESE IS ARRESTED
FOR CHILD STEALING
Finley Peter Dunne, the famous
creator of the more famous Mr. Doo
ley, is now, without doubt, the highest
paid writer in the world. At a tre
mendous expense The Call has se
cured exclusive publication of a new
series of Dooley articles, which will
discuss public men and affairs during
the coming year. The enormous pop
ularity of Dooley justifies this unusual
outlay for a daily paper. There will
be one article a week and every article
will be close to the news. Dooley will
discuss present day events.
On the Political Situation in The Call
July 24.
MR. DOOLEY DISCOURSES
1. A low rate of fare: The Santa Fe
round-trip to Yosemite Valley, first
class, costs only $28 50. This saves the
traveler $10 00.
t. No sleeping-car berth required:
The rail Journey is made entirely in the
day time and the traveler is not put to
the expense of a Pullman berth. This
saves $3.00.
S. California Big Trees seen without
side ride: .Santa Fe Yosemite stages
pass directly through two groves of
giant sequoias without side ride or extra
expense. This saves $2 00.
4. Good meals at a moderate price:
Meals along the Santa Fe line to Yosem
ite are most toothsome and cost only BOc
and 75c each. These prices are reason
able and save the traveler on the round
trip about $15 00.
5. Modern stage coaches: Santa Fe
coaches are new-built and especially for
Yosemite service.- They are the newest
and most comfortable running into the
Valley.
6. The Merced Canyon entrance to
Yosemite Valley:" Santa Fe stages go up
into Yosemite Valley the way the river
comes down. This is by far the grand
est entrance to the Valley and passes
¦cliits and waterfalls seen on no other
line.
7. The "Double Loop": By an unique
routing Santa Fe passengers are taken
into the Valley one way and out another,
giving a -complete change of scenery for
over fifty miles. This makes the grand
est stape ride in the world. .
'TIS WORTH WHILE TO TRAVEL
ON THE SANTA FE. •
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
The point is that the filing of an in
formation prior to the hearing of an
application for a writ of habeas corpus
for the release of a prisoner on the
ground of the Insufficiency of the evi
dence takes away that privilege from
the prisoner. Prior to the filing of an
information the defendant is held on a
commitment from the lower court. A
writ would then be in order, but as
soon as the information is filed the
proper mode of procedure is for the
defendant to move for Its dismissal in
the court to which the case has been
assigned.
A nice point of law and practice has
arisen in the case of George T. Bal
linger, who was held to answer on n
charge of felony embezzlement and re
leased on a writ of habeas corpus. On
June 14 the case was assigned to Judge
Dunne's court for trial. The writ was
granted by Judge Graham.
When the case was called to be set In
Judge Dunne's court about three weeks
ago Colonel T. F. Barry, representing
Balllnger, asked that it be continued
pending the decision on the applica
tion for the writ. The Judge plainly
showed his anger because the applica
tion had been made before another
Judge, and Barry explained that it had
been made before the case was as
signed to any court. A continuance
was granted till yesterday, and when
the case was called Barry moved that
the information be dismissed on the
ground that the defendant had been
discharged on the writ.
Judge Dunne curtly denied the mo
tion and made an order setting the
case for trial on July 23. Meantime he
instructed Assistant District Attorney
Whiting to look into the status of the
case. There Is a clash of authority be
tween the two Judges, one discharging
the defendant and the other insisting
upon the case going to trial.
Balllnger was bookkeeper for the
California Art Glass Bending and Cut
ting Works and was arrested on com
plaint of William Schroeder, president
of the company, on a charge of em
bezzlement. He was held to answer
by Police Judge Cabanlss on April 9.
On May 9 an information was filed in
the Superior Court against Ballinger
and the case was assigned to Judge
Dunne's court on June 14.
On the same day that the informa
tion was filed a writ of habeas corpus
was applied for and was made return
able before Judge Graham. The hear
ing was continued from time to time,
and it was not until July 5 that the
arguments were heard. On July 14
Judge Graham granted the writ on the
ground that the evidence was insuffi
cient to hold the defendant and or
dered the defendant released from cus
tody.
Holds That the Defendant
Has Been Illegally Set
Free and Must Face Jury
JUDGE DUNNE OBJECTS
In answer to further questions the
witness replied that, although he was
cashier of the firm at the time of its
failure and had been connected with it
for eighteen years, he did not know
who negotiated the loans.
With the conclusion of Joe's testi
mony the defense rested, and unless.
the prosecution calls witnesses in re
buttal the argument will begin with
the opening of court at 10 o'clock this
morning.
Joe Eppinger was next called to the
stand and Attorney Dunne stated that
he could prove by this witness that it
was Bernard Ettlinger, and not Jacob
Eppinger, who borrowed the money.
Joe was then carefully led through his
movements for the entire day on which
the money was secured up to the time
he v/ent across the bay, on the advice
of his brother-in-law, and bet on the
wrong horse. He corroborated the tes
timony of his cousin, Josua, regarding
the transaction with Beck, saying that
Josua had returned from the bank,
whither he had gone to settle a matter
of insurance, and reported that Beck
was anxious to loan money on Califor
nia wheat. The only other persons
present during this conversation were
Joe and Ettlinger. The cross-examina
tion by District Attorney Byington
showed a peculiar state of mind on the
part of Joe. In answer to a question
regarding the fixing of dates he said:
"The day after the Indictment was
found I told Josua that the indictment
was on a false charge, as it was Ber
nard Ettlinger who made the deal. I
spoke to Ettlinger about it and he
promised to come up to the house and
fix it up, but never did so."
"Whom else did you tell?"
"Attorney Ach."
"Why did not you Inform the District
Attorney's office that your father was
falsely accused, and you - knew tht
guilty party?"
"I did not consider it my place to do
so. I considered the proper parties to
inform were the lawyers."
"Can you remember who negotiated
any other loan?"
"No."
"Yes."
The witness further testified that he
had only seen Bernard Ettlinger once
since the failure. On that occasion
they met In the office of Referee Wads
worth. When asked if he had not
quarreled with Bernard on that occa
sion because the latter threatened to
tell all he knew regarding the failure
Eppinger said: "I tried to talk to him
and he would not talk."
BACKS UP HIS FATHER.
Attorney Dunne then read the testi
mony of Cashier Eastwick in which
he stated that the conversation regard
ing the loan took place in front of his
desk and asked if any such conversa
tion had taken place, to which the wit
ness replied in the negative. After
leaving the bank he visited his office
and reported the transaction to his
partner, Bernard Ettlinger.
"Did you go back to the bank on
April 10?" was asked.
"No, sir."
"Did you ever go back after Feb
ruary 26?"
"No, sir."
The loan on the worthless warehouse
receipts was, according to the testi
mony of Colonel Beck, negotiated in
the bank on April 10.
"Do you know where Bernard
Ettlinger is at present?" was the next
question.
"He is some place in Europe."
"When did he go?"
"Last January."
"Did he tell you he was going?"
"No."
This closed . the direct examination
and on cross-examination by Attorney
Campbell the witness was asked:
"What were you doing on April 10?"
"I can't exactly say."
"Whom did you eee?"
"The people at the office."
"I understand you to say that you did
not see Colonel Beck between February
25 and April 10. Is that a fact?"
hope that you will give us other busi
ness at 5% per c6nt.' "
"Did either or both of you go to the
cashier's desk?" was asked.
"No," was the reply.
Regarding his relations with Colonel
Beck the witness' testimony was a
fiat contradiction of that given by Beck
and Cashier Eastwick of the bank.
Eppinger said that he had known Beck
for about ten years prior to April,
1903. Shortly after the International
Banking Cor. oration opened for busi
ness in September, 1902, Beck and Ep
pinger met on the street and Beck ask
ed Eppinger to give him some business,
to which the letter replied that he
would If he could.
"About the 26th of February," con
tinued the witness, "I saw Colonel
Beck alone in th* office of his bank.
In substance I told him that I was
now in a position to give him some
business as the London, Paris and
American Bank wished me to take up
a loan of $33,000 before March 1 in or
der to avoid paying taxes on It. He
asked what the loan was on and I told
him on grain in Portland. We then
discussed the rate of interest. I did
not want to pay over 5 per cent, but
he wanted 6. He' finally agreed to let
me have the money at 5% with the
proviso that I should give him the bill
of exchange when the grain » was
shipped. As I was going out Beck
'said: 'Now that we have started, I
CONTRADICTS BECK.
Joseph's manner of recalling specific
transactions created considerable mer
riment in the courtroom. ' Although he
had worked for the firm for eighteen
years the only business transaction he
could distinctly recall was the one on
which his father was being tried. He
remembered it because on that day he
had asked Ettlinger to give him a
check. Ettlinger refused and Joe took
$80 from the cash drawer, charged it
to his father and played it on a horse
at the Oakland track. The horse came
in third.
At the morning session little was
accomplished. Frank 6. Mitchell was
recalled to the stand and gave further
testimony regarding the books. This
showed that $270,000 had been drawn
from the firm's funds by Jacob Ep
pinger which was not charged to him.
An early recess was taken that the ex
amination cf the defendant might be
proceeded with uninterruptedly and at
2 o'clock he was called to the stand.
Attorney Dunne conducted the direct
examination and his first move was to
impress upon the jurors the age and
feebleness of the defendant. When Ep
pinger's name was called he turned to
Joe and said: "Joe, help your father
to the witness stand." Joe complied
readily with the request and in a few
moments the elder Eppinger was seat
ed on the stand, nervously twirling his
handkerchief and fumbling his cane at
intervals. When the questioning began
all signs of nervousness vanished. In
answer to preliminary inquiries he
gave his nativity as Germany, his age
as 67 years and said he came to this
country in 1S55. He first worked in
Sacramento as a butcher boy and later,
in company with his brother and Ber
nard Ettlinger, embarked in the gen
eral merchandise business, first in El
Dorado County, later in Solano County,
and opened up an office In San Fran
cisco in 1866, which was continued until
the failure of the firm on June 6 of last
year.
PLAYED THE RACES.
And Ettlinger is not here to clear
himself of the charges made against
him.
Joseph Eppinger, the last witness for
the defense, following in the footsteps
of his father, also laid all sins of
omission or commission at the door of
Ettlinger.
Jacob Eppinger, who for a quarter
of a century enjoyed the fullest con
fidence of the business men of the
State, leaning heavily on the arm of
his son, Joseph, walked to the witness
stand yesterday to testiry in his own
defense on a charge of defrauding the
International Banking Corporation.
Knowledge of the fact that one of the
former rulers of the grain market of
the world was to take the stand at
tracted a crowd of onlookers to the
courtroom. They were not men of the
ordinary "bench-warmer" class, but
men prominent in the business com
munity, who stood on tiptoes at the
rear of the courtroom or strained their
necks from less advantageous posi
tions in the low seats, eager to hear
every word spoken by the accused man.
Eppinger's plea, briefly summed up,
was that it must have been Bernard
Ettlinger, the missing partner, who ne
gotiated the loan on the fraudulent
warehouse receipts.
Mrs. Annie Caesar and Mrs. Freda
Sealer, who live in separate houses in
the 700 block of Vermont street, shook
hands yesterday In Judge Mogan'd
courtroom and agreed to call a halt on
the estrangement that resulted in the
arrest of Mrs. Caesar for disturbing
the peace of Mrs. Sealer. This happy
termination of what seemed to be an
interminable feud was brought about
through the united efforts of two at
torneys and the Judge, and was prob
ably precipitated by notification from a
reputable physician that in the very
near future the stork will visit the
Sealer home.
When the case of Young W. Casteel,
charged with having shot and attempt
ed to murder R. W. Durham in a busi
ness college on Golden Gate avenue,
was called before Judge Mogan the de
fendant's attorney obtained a continu
ance until to-day by stating that his
client was ill and unable to appear in
court.
Inga Olesen, wife of an Industrious
porter, residing at 5 Freelon street, was
sentenced to six months' imprisonment
for neglecting her two children, one
aged 4 years and the other 12 months.
Judge Mogan pronounced the sentence
and its severity was prompted by the
fact that the woman proved herself ut
terly worthless. , .
Judge Conlan sentenced John Rich
ards, alias Charles White, to six
months' imprisonment for burglary.
Richards stole some lead pipe from the
basement of a Sutter street residence.
Judge Mogan heard further testi
mony in the assault case of Claude
Alexander, inventor and manager of
the "floating lady" illusion, recently at
the Chutes, who is charged with having
brutally beaten W. H. Nicholson, his
assistant In manipulation of the mys
terious performance. Alexander testi
fied that he had caught Nicholson tak
ing measurements of the paraphernalia
used in presenting the illusion, his evi
dent intention being to duplicate It,
and that when he (Alexander) de
manded an explanation he was struck
with a bucket wielded by Nicholson,
whom he was compelled to strike in
self-defense. The case will be decided
to-day.
that he was abruptly ordered to leave
the witness stand. Lux is a blood rela
tive of the famous cattle baron of that
title..
Judge Conlan dismissed the charge
of larceny entered against Walter Lux
by Algernon Graham, who complained
that he had been robbed of $43 by the
defendant. Graham's testimony and
demeanor displeased the Judge bo much
Judge Megan held Thomas P. Geer
and John Nelson, the youthful burglars
who were nabbed by Mrs. William
Blythe while they were ransacking an
apartment In her lodging house at 511
Taylor street, to the Superior Court,
with ball fixed at $3000 apiece.
• « •
Elbert C. Laws is endeavoring to re
cover through Judge- Conlan's court a
gold and diamond badge which was
presented to him by Aerie No. 61, Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, of which he is
a past president. The trinket was
pawned by Carl Schwartz for $50, and
Mr. Laws complains that he lent it to
Schwartz, who professed desire to get
one manufactured exactly like It, and
gave that person no authority to dis
pose of it, so he asks the court to
compel the pawnbroker to restore it
to him, as Schwartz has left town.
The pawnbroker's attorney, on the oth
pr hand, states that when Schwartz
pawned the badge he did so at Laws'
request, who was ashamed to borrow
money on the security of a token pre-
Eented to him by his brother Eagles.
It is not the Intrinsic value of the em
blem, Laws says, that makes him
grieve over its loss, but he treasures
it Incalculably on account of the senti
ment It represents. The case will be
heard to-day.
The defendant's attorney pleaded
somnambulism and defied the prosecu
tion to prove anything else. His client,
h-> said, was afflicted with the sleep
walking habit and was greatly sur
prised when he was awakened in Mr.
Leider's apartment to find himself a
prisoner accused of burglary. It was
the enoring of the defendant, argued
the attorney, that first attracted to him
the attention of Mr. Leider and was it
likely that a person contemplating bur
plary would purposely sne-re? No, in
deed, and the snore should be suffi
cient to dispel suspicion of felonious
intent. The prosecution, however,
maintained that the alleged slumberous
snore was in reality the deep breathing
of a wide-awake person so nervous
that his lung action was uncontrollable.
Judge Fritz has given himself until
next Saturday to think over the case.
Somnambulism was the defensive
plea Bet up in behalf of William Ett
lir.ger, on trial before Judge Fritz for
burglary. A. C. Leider, a mail carrier
residing at S33 Eddy street, went to bed
in his room one night recently and
while trying to woo Morpheus was sud
denly restored to full wakefulness by a
sound suggestive of a locomotive ex
haust valve in operation and by sharp
listening he traced the source of the
unwonted noise to the space between
his couch and the floor. Being a cau
tious man, he quietly summoned as
sistance before pursuing his investiga
tion further and several fellow lodgers
who responded to the summons found
William Ettlinjrer lying upon his side
underneath the bed and either sleeping
(. r simulating deep slumber. When they
searched him they found only a bunch
i-f keys, which subsequently were
proven honest keys and his own prop
erty, but upon the strength of the find
they pressed home the charge of bur
elary.
When the case of Adolph Goldman,
charged with having shot R. W. Snow.
a former Mayor of Oakland, was called
in Judge Mogan's court the defendant's
attorney, Frank Murphy, asked for
and was granted a continuance till to
day.
George couldn't obey, of course, and
the bailiff, who kindly undertook to ex
plain that fact to the old lady had a
difficult time of it.
It is needless to add that she refused
to prosecute George, whose plea was
that the cutting of her hand was acci
dental. The case was dismissed and
<ieorge was escorted straight to a bar
ber shop. He had been arrested on
complaint of his sister, who stated that
he was drunk and disorderly in the
family home. 1252 Montgomery street,
when he brandished the knife.
"George Van Tassel, you get right
out of there and go and get your face
shaved!" 6he commanded.
George Van Tassel, arrested on July
13 for cutting his aged and crippled
mother with a knife, did not present a
winsome appearance yesterday morn
ing as he sat among the caged miser
ablos in Police Judge Conlan's court.
Imprisonment had reduced his avoir
dupois and made misfits of his gar
ments, his complexion was bad and
his chin bore a thick growth of tawny
etubble. Of all the unhappy-looking
defendants there was not a less lovely
picture than George Van Tassel.
When ihe mother of the man hobbled
cm crutches into the courtroom her dim
old eyes at once scanned the cage and
its inmates until a pained expression
flashing over her features indicated
that Ehe recognized , her offspring.
"Whatever intention to prosecute she
may have entertained was quickly
melted in maternal sympathy, for there
was a sob in her voice when she spoke.
"Why. George," she exclaimed, ad
vancing to the* barred Inclosure and
extending a hand that trembled, "how
terrible you look!"
George bowed his head, fumbled his
hat and said nothing. Then the
woman's tone of pity gave way to that
of authority— the tone which he prob
ably respected ere drink began to dull
his senses and filial love.
Nice Point Is Raised Con
nected With His Release
on Writ by Judge Graham
Bernard Ettlinger Is Accused of Having Negotiated Loan
From the International Banking Corporation for Which
; Aged Grain Broker Is Now Being Tried on Felony Charge
Shocked by the Unkempt Appearance of Son Who Awaited
Trial on Charge of Cutting Her With a Knife, She
Orders Him to Step Outof Prisoners' CageandGetaShave
BALLINGER MAY
YET BE TRIED
EPPINGER CLAIMS PARTNER
IS RESPONSIBLE FOR FRAUD
CRIPPLED MOTHER CREATES
A POLICE COURT INCIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ THURSDAY, JULY 21; 1004.
9
GIUPE-XLTS.
\ ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ___
Y
The Double Cross
Thomas W. Lawson tells who got it in the'
Amalgamated Copper deal in the August
Last month thousands couldn't find a copy.
; GET YOURS NOW .
The edition of the July number of Evkjitbodt'b" Maoazixi wu 300.000
copies and all sold out in a few days. For August we are printing many
thousands more in the hope of meeting the demand. Hall Caine's new
story also appears. For sale on all news-stands.
Ye Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Music by the great Pan-
American Quartet. '¦':'¦* -^\
PRAGERS
There Will Be
Something Doing at,
¦ To-Day.
Don't Miss It.
j = : = -= ,
J ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDEVILLE'S ZENITH!
ROSE COGHLAN & CO.;
Julian Rose; The Mysterious Zanciffs
and Musical Kleiat. Last Timts of lie
Boy and Clayton; Ertelle- and. Banstte
D'Arrilla; Cunningham and Smith and
Harry Seoback.
Regular matlneea every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c, 23c
and 50c.
Commenclnr NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
The Sensation ot Two Continents,
CHARMION
Tho World's Most Graceful and Darlns
Trapeze Performer. -
TIVOL185&
Evenings at S Sharp.
Promenade Circle 3d Floor, BmokersT Para-
dise. Elevator Always Running.
ff^^jS^E&l LAST 2 WEEZS
1% E 9 JHs 1 Bfl <>' the Superb
2 J> H B VI Comic Opera
¦ 1 \Jf n* ¦ B M Snccesa ¦
Beanty Choru« 1 I \0 \& mm
Usual Tlvoll Prices— 25c, BOc. 75c.
Seats Always Selling — Only Matinee Sat.
a f /-^ k TT k T\ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR o ra«K-
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — ALL WEEK.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
Evr.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat., 25c to 50c
WHITE | And the Alcaar Stock Co. |
AA/HITTLESEY
In Anthony Hope's Famous Romance.
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA |
"Beautifully staged." — Chronicle.
Monday July 25— MR. WHITTI^ESEY^ln
"RUPERT OF HENTZAU." Sequel to "Tne
Prisoner of Zenda." ¦
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South B33.
. : TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Massive Production, of the Great Irish His-
torlcal Drama.
I ..ROBERT EMMEd
Herschel Mayall In the Title Role.
Brilliant Cast! Magnificent Scenery!
Irish Music. Vocal and Instrumental.
Jigs and Reels by the Champion Gaelic
Dancers or America.
nnipcc Evenings V^ 00 ,. 10 5?°
rttllta Matinees 10c. 15c 23o
Next— GATES OF JUSTICE. .
W AXJi THIS WEEK.
I I 1 MATINEE SATURDAY.
H 1 Rp Special Season of Melodrama
A llIU by the ELMER WALTERS
H - COMPANY. Presenting- the
hJ Phenomenal Success,
I ?5p A THOROUGHBRED
1 = TRAMP
9 p. Sunday— JUST STRUCK
3 Rflr town.
H UUb Commencing with Sunday
j| | . Matinee.
B j COMING— FLORENCE ROBERTS. )
Hish-ClasB Specialties, Every Afternoon
and Eveninsr in tho Theater.
TO-HIQHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With—
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Take a ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
f RAILROAD.
Two YoTLnff. Leopards: In the Zoo.
ADMISSION...... 10c | CHILDREN 6c
When Phoning Ask for The Chutes.
WEEJM..GEL
16 Pages. $1 per Year
A3IUSE3IENT3.
f*ifti EIU91H suHurcssrs
vUbUiwIDiA iwhb myiRi
SfiSJ.'Sr DOUBLE BILL
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
ETHEL
BARRYMORE
In Hubert Henry Davles' Comedy,
COUSIN KATE
Followed by the One-Act "Study."*
"CARROTS"
Beginning next Monday. July 23,
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER
And his company In Madeleine Lueette Ryley's
: ondon and New York Success.
MICE AND MX2ZT.
SEATS NOW READY
THE GREAT LAUGHING SUCCESS,
"A Lucky Stone"
By Collin Davis and Frank Wltmark.
The Bluest Musical Hit In Tears.
Packed With Novelties and Specialties,
A CaBt of. Genuine Burlesque Artists.
DOROTHY MORTON.
NORA BATES.
RICE and CADT. German Comedians.
BOBBY NORTH. Hebrew Comedian.
EDWIN- CLARK.
BEN DILLON.
GARRITY SISTER3.
PrUe Beauty Chorua of Thirty.
Next Attraction— "THE WHIRL OB* THE
TOWN."
A Gisrantlc Spectacular Burlesque.
MR. LAST THREE NIGHTS
iiairo MATINEE SATURDAY
_,"» THE COWBOY
"I! 1 MO IB! UH
mSF^Srr NEXT SUN. MATINEE
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
Special 3ummer Prices — 13c, 23c 80c
B«st Reserved Seat In Orchestra, SOc.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL.
Oakland vs. Seattle
AT RECREATION PARK.
KiJfhth and Harrison sts.
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY and FIUDAT.
3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIE3 FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
Advance sale of seats at 5 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
> — — ,
All the Conveniences
Of a twentieth century kitchen will
not do away with the trouble incident
to washing and ironing:, but a post card
or telephone call. South 420, will bring
"our collection service to your doors, re-
move the cause and return the articles
to you In a condition to elicit your
praise, however critical your Ideas.
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY,
1004 MAKXET STREET.
Telephone South 430.
Pfliarp D0NT FAIL T0
laiaVV gee the beaatiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
C111U PARLOR, the
p j PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOK and the LA .
u . | DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
A Breakfast*
Dainty
Good thick rich
Cream
and
Grape - Nuts
Get the little book. "The Road to
Wellvtlle,"' In each \k%.
World's Fair exhibit. Space 103.
>Fil cultural Bull£l£g.PORTLAND, July 20.— Jake Thiel
man gave the Tigers but one small hit
to-day, yet the visitors won the game
by the score of 1 to 0. It was a mis
play by the .Portland twirler that al
lowed the lone run that won. Thiel
man, in the fifth, threw wild to Ray
mond and the Tacoma base runner
went home. The only Tiger, hit came
In the second inning and Lynch made
it. After that Jake was invincible. ;
Then In the fifth, Raymond missed
Graham's "swat and they Tiger, captain
was safe at first. Overall bunted one
to Thlelman's feet- Tne little German
had ¦ plenty* of time to catch Graham
at second, but he made a bungle of it
Thlelman Allows Only One Hit, but
Makes ,Bad Error.
TIGERS SCORE IiONE TALLY.
Same In, San Francisco.
"Yes, I'm smoking a pipe this week,"
remarked the aisle walker of a big de
partment store, as he met a friend on
Riverside drive. "This has been my
purse's busy week. First, my, sister's
boy graduated. Neat little scarfpin as
commencement day memento ' from
Uncle Willie. Then the wife of the
head of our department died. Wreath
of flowers. Next night, last meeting of
our lodge for the summer — diamond
ring for its chief officer. Oldest clerk
in our department married this week.
Everybody chipped In. The committee
sends round a peach of a girl to tax us,
and, of course, well— you know how it
is with peaches. That's why I'm smok
ing a pipe. Funny, isn't it, how these
little graft games do bunch some
times."'—New York Presa.
Fifty-six speedy greyhounds -will
contest for honors in the reserve
stake at Union Coursing Park on Sun
day. Owing to the fact that a great
event is planned to be held next week
many of the . best, hounds are being
held out, but still those entered for
this next event are so evenly matched
that great coursing should result. Fol
lowing are the entries: -; >
Reserve stake, fifty-six . entries — Tillie R vs.
Raby Aurora ; Hudson « vs. In Tlm«; Texas
Betty vs. Amandan: Flower Girl vs. Rural
Artist; Duhallow vs. Rose of Gold; Gold. Chain
va. Texas Jill; Ml Ami*o vs. Racing Auto:
Cubanola vs. Sacramento Boy; Valley Pride
ve. Real Article; Idleness vs. Mickey Free;
Laughing: Water vs. McHenry; Rocker Arm
va. Rocklin Boy; Pagliaccl vs. Mellenwood;
Prometheus vs. Rapid Water; Texas Mamie
vh. Hermit: Courtley Guest vs. Fancy Free;
J K H vs. Silver Cloud; The Referee vs. Sea
Lien; Galveston vs. Free From Flaw; Angus
Cissug" vs.. "Renegade Apache; Gambit vs. Bud
ding Rose; Texas Jim vs. Honest John; Vandal
vs. Royal Friend : Advance Guard vs. Roman
Athlete; Texas Hoo Hoo'.va. General Dewet;
Blaze vb. Una; Conroy vs. Ina Cissus; Toronto
vs. Lord Brazen.
Well Matched Greyhounds Will Strug
gle for Honors in Reserve Stake
on Sunday.
PRATTLE, July 20. — At The Meadows to-day
Jockey Buston.^who wan warned off the track
for dishonest riding, was ruled off the -torf.
Nummary:
First race, eir furlorsfi — Master won, Nor
ford second. Meteora third. Time. 1:15.
Second race, seven furlonps— -Gladj-s Bella
won. Dr. Long second. Fondo third. 'Time,
1:29.
Third race, five and a half furlonrs — Allc«
Carey won. Headwater second. Maud Sherwood
third. Tim*. 1:OS.
Fourth race, orw mile. Taeoma handicap—
Blue Eye* won. Colonel Van second. Forest
Kin* third. Time. 1:40%. "
Fifth race, eix and a half furlong*— Bell
n^cd wen. HI Piloto second Ultruda tblrd.
Time. J:SP'£.
Eixth race. Fix furlongs — Instructor won. Re
dan second. Ocyrohe third. Time. 1:13.
Results at SeatUc.
FIFTY'-SIX SPEEDY DOGS
ENTERED AT UNION PARK
Game Law Violators Under Arrest.
REDWOOD CITY. July 20. — Deputy
State Fish Commissioner Chase Little-
John yesterday arrested ten persons
for havfng deer meat in their posses
sion out of season. He also has war
rants of arrest for about as many
more on the same charge. The men
arrested yesterday were all from Half
moon Bay and are prominent citizens
of that place. The deer season in this
county does not onen until August 1.
First race — Voladay, Tramator,
Hlc nDOrn «
Second race — Black Death, Cock
Robin, Walter Cleary.
Third race— Grand Opera, Monster,
Arwood. ¦•y_:
Fourth race — Flammnla, Bfonster,
BobadiL
Fifth race— St. Bcllame, Paget en
try, Hnmo.
Sixth rnce — Xiskayuna, Prince
Ching, Eagle.
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
First Race— M aud Mnller, Dr. Ste
phens, Bill Massle.
Second Rnce — Peter J. Somers, Dal
vay. Major T. Carson.
Third Race— Clgarlighter, Airship,
Sllchael Byrnes.
Fourth Race — Port Royal, Huzzah,
Foncasta.
Flftli Race — Leila, Blackwolf, Ex
clamation.
Sixth Race— Jack Doyle, Lingo,
Harouet.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Young Girl Takes Poison.
Jessie Bowen, 20 years of age, re
siding at 1366 Stevenson street, swal
lowed a quantity of sulphate of zinc
while visiting Mrs. M. Gardener at
1376 Noe street. The girl was re
moved to a nearby drug store, where
she was given an antidote. Later ahe
was removed to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital. The girl is expected to
recover^
LOS ANGELES. July 20. — Hall's
pitching and the splendid fielding of
the local team were responsible for
the defeat of the San Francisco team
to-day. The visitors hit the ball hard
and often, but clean, fast fielding by
Smith and Toman In particular shut
off many drives that looked to be good
for hits. Whalen was unsteady and
was batted freely. Score:
Los Angelei— I San Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A.! ; AB.R. H. P.A.
Toman. » 2 0 0 1 4 Wldrn. cf 4 1 1 0 0
Flood, 2b 4 0 0 2 4 Hildbd. If 4 0 1 0 0
Smith. 3b 4 2 2 0 S Meany, rf 2 0 0 3 0
Brnrd, cf 3 1 1 1 0 Irwin, Sb 4 0 0 3 3
Cravth.rf 4 0 2 4 0 Twr.sd.lb 3 o 0 12 0
Chase, lb 4 1 2 15 0 Miller, 2b 4 0 1 1 2
Ross, If. .4 0 2 1 0 Andsn. i4 0 2 2 5
Spies, o. . 3 0 1 8 3 Gorton, c 3 0 0 8 0
Hall, p.. 3 0 0 0 1 Whalen.p 3 0 0 0 5
TotalB.31 4 10 27 15 1 Totals. 31 1 5 24 15
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
I Los Anpreles 20010001 x — '?
Base hits 31020112 x— 10
Ban Francisco. ..00000100 0^ — 1
Base hits...... 010001210— S
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Chase (2). Toman, Bernard,
"Waldron. Errora — Bernard, Hall, Waldrcn.
Whalen. Three-base hit — Chase. Sacrifice hit
— Bernard. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 2. Left on bases — Los Angeles 6, San
Francisco 6. Bases on balls — Oft Hall 3. off
Whalen 2. Struck out— By Hall 2, by Whalen
3. Double plays — Miller to Anderson to Town-
Bend; Irwin to Anderson to Townsend. Time
of game — One hour and thirty minute*. Um
pire — Tom Brown*.
Hall Gets Great Support, While
Uncle's Pitcher Is Unsteady.
ANGELS HIT WHALEN FREELY.
About 2250 B. C, Hammurabi, King
of Babylonia, established certain laws
which he embodied into a code, In
scribed upon stone stelae and set up in
the principal cities of the domain. We
are rather inclined to look upon medi
cal legislation as somewhat modern;
that Is because we do not know any
better. In Hammurabi's time medicine
was specialized, surgery was a distinct
branch of the science, quacks and pre
tenders were known and legislated
against. From advance sheets of a
translation of these laws by Professor
Harper, president of the University of
Chicago, we read: "If a physician op
erates on a man (please note that the
physician did not 'operate a case' in
Hammurabi's time) for a severe wound
with a bronze lancet and saves the
man's life, or if he opens an abscess
(in the eye) of a man with a bronze
lancet, and saves that man's eye, he
shall receive ten shekels of sliver' (as
his fee)." But, under the same cir
cumstances, if he causes the man's
death, or destroys the man's eye, "they
shall cut off his fingers." That would
tend to discourage unskilled operators
and experimental operations. In 1508
the Royal College of Surgeons was au
thorized by charter to examine those
who would practice medicine and
physic and to Issue license to those who
were found qualified. This would not
have been done had it not been found
necessary, nor would Hammurabi, 4154
years ago, have had need. to discourage
quacks had they not existed. Yet, in
this year of grace, 1904, there come
those who practice medicine and
physic, and they stand before the high
est court in the State, in the persons of
their attorneys, and say they prefer to
have no law governing the practice of
medicine. This is Indeed a progressive
age, when educated men will strive to
put the commonwealth back of the
time of Babylonia; to make us lose
¦what has been gained in 4154 years:—
Exchange.
Severe Penalties Prescribed for Mal
practice by Hammurabi
2230 B. C.
ANCIENT CODE OF LAWS
REGLTiATIXG PHYSICIANS
Napoleon's Staffed Horse.
The stuffed horse of Napoleon I. for*
merly preserved In the Imperial Mu
seum, but Ions, since lost sight of. haa
been found bidden away In the national
storerooms. Ths coat Is white, with
brown spots here and there, and on tha
thigh Is branded the letter "N"." sur
mounted with the Imperial crown. Thla
most Interesting relic was presented to
the government of the Second Empirs
by the Natural History Society of Man
chester. ./--•
Love is always in the mark»t, bu1
never on sale.
NEW YORK. July 20. — Following
are the entries for to-morrow at
Brighton Beach:
Flret race, eix fur!c«rs— Voladay 112. Tra
motor 10l« Suiann" Rocamcra 100. Gowamss
104 Priority 102. Blue Coat 102. Esterre 101,
Ccnsuello II 100. Carrie Jones 99. Pink Garter
304 Petit Due 97. Knight of Weston 97. Perry
MfAdow 97 Hichbom »4.
Second race, steeplechase. short course —
TT alter Oary ie2. Amur 153. Cock Robin 153,
Rcvell* 188, Perion 153. Confederate Gray 163,
Eait KclBtcn 153. Wotan 146. Black Death 144.
Tblrd race, one and a sixteenth miles — Grand
Opera 115 Persistence II 115. Prince Chlng
J12 Wyefi'eld 112. Atwood J07. Pentaur 107.
Call 107 Dr CTiapin 107. Monster 1<M, To!
Fan 102." Thistle Heather 102.
Fourth raw one and a sixteenth ml!"?, the
July Ftakee — bcke of Kendal 111. Sheriff Bell
107 Jack Ratlin 108. Unmasked Iff!, Gold
l>ome 09 Charaplaln «4, Bobadll U0, Flammula
83 Monster 86.
Fifth race, six furlonrs — Jonquil 120. St.
Be:ian« 118. Tongorder 11» Hnmo 114, Caper
Sauce 108, Gold Ten 108. Phoebus 102. Jerry
C 100.
Eixth race elx rortoags — Magot 110. Buck
ley*. 110. Pat Cootlgan 110. The Captain 110,
6t B*raJkby 107 Princ* Chine 107. Dr. Loder
107 Phantom 107 Dapple Oold 107, NUkayuna
105 Tim Soil Iran 103. Belle of Wakefleld 105.
HcTrhicJ« 105. RemittsJ 106. Ea«l» 102. Sir
Efc'.p 102. •/—•>-,
Weather clear; track fast.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 20. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Haw
thorne:
First rase one mile. Bellini? — Ma.tid Muller 96.
Ethel Wheat J»8. John McGurk 100, Royalty
100 Bill Maseie 100. Cardinal Woleey 100. Zyra
103, FirinK Line 103. Haviland 105. Rabunta
105. Jim Hale 105. Dr. Stephens 105, Long
More .107. Olympian 108.
Second race seven furlongs — Dell Leath 101,
Viola 107. Myron Dale 109, Major T. J. Car
eon 112, Dalvay 112, Peter J. Somera 117.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, the
Juvenile Stakes — Lady Ellison 95, Cutter, 95,
Airship 100, The Pet 100, Michael Byrnes 101,
Ci*arlighter 103.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, han
dicap — Kdward Hale 90, Foncasta 95, Huzzah
»9. Dr. Stephens 104. Judge Hlmes 107, Port
Royal 114.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Leila 83. Blackwolf 91. Exclamation 78,
Atlantico 102, Celebration 1M, Orfeo 104, Hor
ton 104. Nitrate 111.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Golden Mineral 87, Ethel Abbott 89.. Fair
Allen 89, Potrero Grande 04. Great Eastern 94,
Jim TyTell 95. Mamselle 95, Jack Doyle 101.
Emily Oliver 104. Lingo 104, Baronet 106. Har
ry New 109.
Weather clear; track fast.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
FAIR GROUNDS SELECTIONS.
First race — Franco, Garrett Wilson.
Argosy.
Second race — .Terry Hnnt, One More,
Potente.
Third race — Red Leaf, Amelia
Zindn..
Fourth race — Jack Young, Taby
Tosa. Neversuch.
Fifth rac<? — First Mason, Ancke
Charlie Thompson.
Sixth race — Miss Betty, Porquol
Pas, King's Charm.
About twenty fair enthusiasts met
yesterday and reorganized the Ladies'
Annex to the Golden- Gate Tennis
Club. This club at one time had a
large membership list, but has lacked
a leader for some time. Mrs. L. C.
Bozarth, the former president, gave up
the game about a year ago and since
then the fair racket wielders have held
very few tournaments. The young la
dies have at no time lost interest in
the game and are anxious to appear
again in tournament play.
The following officers were elected:
President, Miss Dorothy Weed; vice
president. Miss Vera Crocker; secre
tary. Miss Wocester; treasurer, Miss
Ida Mearns; assistant treasurer, Miss
B. Cully.
All of the new officers are active
players and they will do all In their
power to make the club what it was
when Mrs. Bozarth presided.
Most of the old players at the park
have given, up the game, but there
are many new players who will un
doubtedly develop Into experts. The
lady players on this elde .of the bay
greatly outnumber those * from Ala
meda County, but the latter have al
ways carried off the honors. Many
tournaments ¦will be held so that play
ers may be developed who can at least,
make a showing against the out-of
town experts.
Heretofore the ladies have received
neither moral nor financial support
from the members of the Golden Gate
Club and some attribute their poor
showing to this. The club will do all
in its power to help the ladies out in
future. ' :^' I
Devotees of Golden Gate Park Courts
Elect Xew Officers and Plan
Many Tournaments.
FAIU RACKET /WIELDERS
ORGANIZE ONCE AGAIN
The United States is going about the
work of constructing the Panama canal
In a way characteristic of American
business methods.
It is tradition that the price paid by
the French when they undertook the
digging of the canal was a human life
for every cubic yard of dirt that was
removed. In their fever of haste to
spend the money poured into their cof
fers by the gullible masses of .the
French people — or to make some show
ing at spending it— the men In chargs
of the De Lesseps enterprise seemed to
take no account of human life, and tha
fatalities from the deadly fevers which
make the isthmus their home were ap
palling.
But we Americans are going at the
thing differently. First of all things
we propose to pay attention to tha
problems of health and sanitation, wlta
a view to making the canal route rea
sonably habitable. To this end Dr. W.
C. Gorgas, who played so Important a
part in driving yellow fever out oj
Cuba, has been sent down to Panama
and Colon to make a thorough study ofi
conditions which have given the isth
mus its bad name before the world.-*
Atlanta Constitution.
Dr. Gorgas of Cuban Fame Will Or
ganize a Campaign Against Dis
ease Conditions.
SANITATION" TITUj BE FIRST
WORK ON THE ISTHMUS
FAIR GROUXDS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 20.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at the Fair
Grpunds:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Vieberflelds 10S. Liddon 10S, Garrett Wilson
106, My Eleanor 105, Pique 105, Argosy 105.
Franco 103, BekniBhted 103. Little Harry 100
Inflammable 100. Hereain 100, Laurel L 05
Fred Priesmeyer 9f>.
,J? ec ?. nd ., rac<? ' slx 'urtonEs. selling— Varner
100. Goody Two Shoes 108. Jerry Hunt 107,
Pompey 107, Lady Contrary 107, Kiss Quick
107, One More 104. Tickful 104. Potente 104.
First One 102. Lady Idris 102 Hazel H 102
Suave 102, Flora Levy 100.
Third race, live furlongs— Red Leaf 115, Zin
da 115. Darthula 100, Ameliana 100 Ollle Bur
nett 100. Picture Hat 100. 7
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles. handi
cap—Flying Torpedo 10S, Taby Tosa 106 Jack
106. The Regent 104. Boaster OS Old
Stone 07. Neversuch 05. Falkland 03
*.?" lfth ,, race V. one mlIe> P""e— First 'Mason 1».
Mi«s Mae Day 107. Operator 107. Charlie
Thompson 104. Bas d'Or 102. Ancke 100.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards e«ll-
V£~£f r P' ™ u J 07 ' Amlnte »<*. Varna Fonso
104. Blrdwood lOt John II 1O'{, Ivernla 102.
Flora Brlcrht 100. Pourquoi Pas 90 Kinifi
Charrn 09. Mohave 01. Miss Betty 89. Ascot 80
Cora Wted 86. Misanthrope 86 « BCO ' ov.
Weather threatening; track sloppy.
CAL.ISTOGA. July 20. — James J.
Jeffries and wife passed through here
to-day en route to Harbin Springs,
where the bisr fellow will go into ac
tive training for his fight with Mun
roe. " In order to avoid any possible
accident Jeffries took a private con
veyance. He exhibited a new repeat-
Ing rifle and said he was looking for
ward to a pleasant deer hunt.
Jeffries at Calistoga.
(National League.) . (American Leajrue.)
W.U Pct.l W.Ll Pet.
New York... 66 T2 ""19! Boston 60 27 .«4S»
• -"hicago 48 28 .632 New York 48 SO .603
Cincinnati ...45 31 .682 Chicago 47 33.54*
Ptttsbun; ...42 32 .5»;» Philadelphia .42 33 .660
St. Louis 40 35 .533; Cleveland . . .40 33 .MS
Brooklyn 30 63 .361 ! St. Louis 31 41- . 431
Boston 28 60 .35U Detroit 31 44.413
Philadelphia .18 66. 2431 Washington .It CO. ISO
AMKTUCAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, July 20. — Cleveland won two
xames from Boston to-day before an enor
mous crowd. Bunched hits, coincident with
Boston's errors, enabled Cleveland to score
runs In the first game. Moore was effective
and his support was faultless. Cleveland
batted Young sharply in the second game and
forced Mm to retire. Winter did not fare
much better. Attendance, 16,800. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Cleveland < 5 6 0
Boston 1 7 4
Batteries— Moore and Bemls; Gibson and
Farrel.
Second game — • R. H. E.
Cleveland 9 17 0
Bo6ton 0 6 1
Batteries — Joss and Abbott; Younr. Winter
and Crisrer.
PHILADELPHIA, July 20.— An error by
Padden In the seventh inning. Seybold's sacri
fice and Murphy's single gave the home team
1 the final game of the series. Both Plank and
Howell pitched great ball. Attendance, 4000.
SC ° r * : . R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 8 2
Philadelphia ...2 6 0
Batteries— Howell and Kahoe: Plank and
Powers.
WASHINGTON, July 20. — Chicago batted
Patten out of the box in the second inning
to-day and defeated Washington 8 to 0. Town
send, who finished the game, did well. The
feature of the game was Smith's pitching.
Attendance, 600. Score:
n. h. is.
Washington • * '
Chicago • •• ° * 8 "
Batteries — Patten. Townsend and Klttredge;
Smith and McFarland.
NEW YORK, July 20.— Detroit wound up
the series to-day by de^«»nK *•* J or £ t £ ow 
ell was batted out of the box in the fifth ln
nlns and gave way to Clarkson. Attendance.
Scor * : ' R H. X.
Detroit :':. ::::::::" " I
N Batterl*— Kltson ' and ' wood;" Powell, dark
son and Kleinow.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, July 20.— Pittsburgh won in the
ninth on Wagner's three-bagger and Brans
fleld's sinele- The features were Smith's ef
fective throwing to second and Amea' striking
out six out of nine batters In three Innlnze.
Attendance. 2600. Score: r
Pittsburs * * H
•^p^. York *' *
* Batteries— Flaherty and Smith; Ames and
Bowerman Umpires— O* Day and Morna.
j3T LOUIS, July 20. — St. Louis-Boston game
postponed on account of rain.
CHICM3O. July 20. — It wa« Chicago's game
until the ninth, when the -visitors fell on
Wicker and pounded out two singles, a double
and a triple, scoring three runs and winning the
" me - SCOrC: -R. H. E.
Chicago ? 11 J
Philadelphia 5 8 1
Batteries — Lundgren. Wicker and Kilns;
Fraser and Roth. Umpire — Zommer.
CINCINNATI. July 20. — The Cincinnati
team won out in the ninth Inning on a pass
ball and three singles, after the. Brooklyn!
had passed them in the first half of the inning.
Score :
« , m V *£ *i
Cincinnati ...«•••••••• ••••••••••• o 9 i
Brooklyn * 10 4
Batteries — Ewinir and Schlel; Garvln, Jones
and Bergen. Umpires — Johnstpne and Car
penter. \
SIXTH RACE — Four-year-olds ajid up; eev
fn furlonsB:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
15 to 1 — Caterpillar 105 (Coe<?lc)..2 14 1 X' a
« to 1— Jake Weber. 103 (J. Con) 5 2 1^2 1
8 to 1— Flyer. 10C (H. Anderson) 8 SO 3 3
Time, 1:31)4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. N. J. Catalonotte's b. n. (5) by Bon Ami-
Kit han Quc-pn. Bengal <10T.). Tony Lepping
(07), Billy Moore (102). Tickful tlC.1). Kings
Court (97). Axarrs (1"2). Veneer (105) P«o
ond Mate (103), Wager (103) finished as named.
Time. l:4Ci. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, John Duffy'* br. f. (3) by St. Gatien-Con
ifidante. Ascot (1»9), St. Paris (102), Claremont
(102) finiFhed as named.
FIFTH RACE — Three-year-ol<5«: one mi'.e:
Pettinp. Horse, Weipht, Jocfcey. Ft. *; Fin.
lltol— St Agnes. H7 (Llndsey) 2 14 1 1*4
Stol — Scalper. U9 (Scdar) 6 3 1 2 ns
C to C — Imboden. 102 <U Wil) 1 4 3 3 2
St. Louis Drops the Final Game of
the Series to the Philadel
phia Athletics.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CLEVELAND CAPTURES TWO
GA31ES FROM BOSTONIAXS
That Hanlon has gained In speed
since visiting the Eastern States and
trying conclusions with the boxers
there is the general opinion of those
who have seen him preparing for his
next fight.
The weather was extremely warm at
Larkspur yesterday and Battling Nel
son took things easy. He was up bright
and early, but only jogged five miles.
In the afternoon he did a few gym
stunts and boxed four fast rounds with
Frank Renhouse. Battling had Frank
going, and at any time during the
short engagement would have easily
knocked him out.
Nelson finished the day's work by
breaking the rope of the punching bag
and sending It flying the length of the
gym, over the spectators' heads. He
was weighed late in the afternoon
and tipped the scales at barely 131
pounds,-
Frank Murphy says Nelson will en
ter the arena weighing about 129.
Tuesday afternoon the boys of the
camp sent the following message to
Dave Barry: "Keep your chin down.
Advice from the boys."
Late last night Smiling Metzner re
ceived an answer, which read: "Held
chin down; won in seven rounds. Sign
ed, Dave Barry."
Eddie Hanlon experienced an attack
of the '.'creeps" while making his way
in the dark to his room in Croll's Hotel
Tuesday night, but the tremors were
not due to any thought that the little
boxer might have given to Battling
Nelson, his next opponent.
Hanlon, in company with Trainer
Frank McDonald and several of his
sparring mates, attended Ye Liberty
Theater in Oakland and witnessed a
presentation of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde." Eddie became absorbed in the
uncanny transformations of the brutal
and demoniacal Hyde and upon reach
ing the stairway leading to his lodg
ings in Croll's Hotel began to "see
things." There was one thing Eddie
did not see in the gloom and that was
the banister poet, which he struck
foul. Toby Irwin, who was right be
hind Hanlon, struck a match, when Ed
die remarked, "Well. Toby, I'm not
afraid of Nelson, but that fellow Hyde
has got me going. There are so many,
of him."
Warm weather prevailed In Alameda
yesterday and Hanlon did not work as
much as usual. He walked six miles
with Irwin in' the morning and In the
afternoon boxed two rounds with Fred
Landers and two rounds with Irwin.
He also swatted the bag twenty-one
minutes and manipulated the wrist ma
chine. -
Billy Delaney, the veteran trainer,
who will have charge of Jeff's affairs,
will join the big fellow at Harbia
Springs after the Hanlon-Xelson bat
tle has been fought. Delaney is looking
out for Hanlon also, and when finished
with the little fellow he will be ready
to look after the champion.
It is probable that Jack Munroe will
leave the East for this city in a few
days. The big miner will again train
at Mike Sheehan's Ocean Beach Tavern
and Tim McGrath and Billy Roche will
have charge of things. As usual, Mun
roe will pick up a lot of local heavy
weights for sparring partners.
Jeff will not begin hard work right
away. He does not want to take any
chances with his bad knee and there
fore will be very cautious at first. H«
expects to do a lot of hunting within
the next few days, and when not out
in the woods after deer the champion
will loll about the place until he feels
that he Is fit and ready to begin hard
work.
OAKLAND. July 20.— Champion
James J. Jeffries left Oakland this
morning: for Harbin Springs, where hs
will resume his interrupted training
for his flsht trtth Jack Munroe, which
Is scheduled to take place in San Fran
cisco on August 26. The champion was
accompanied by his wife and his broth
er. Jack Jeffries.
The Injury to Jeff's knee which
caused the postponement of the fl$ht
has entirely healed.- and as the cham
pion boarded the train this morning hs
walked without any trace of a limp.
The big fellow Is In good shape now,
and as he has plenty of time to traia
he Is satisfied that he will be in perfect
condition when he faces the bis miner
a month hence and will be prepared to
give a good account of himself.
Hot Weather Hits Larkspur
and '.Battling 1 Nelson Lets
His Trainers Have a Eest
Jack Munroe Is Expected to
Leave the East for This
City Within a Few Days
It promised much for the glories of j
the Saratoga racing season, because ;
Water Boy is engaged In at least one |
stake there, the 550,000 Great Republic, i
which will be the effort of his career |
and to-day's race showed that he ]
might have a chance to win.
Lady Amelia, with 122 pounds up. ,
displayed a darz'.ing burst of speed in ',
the Glen Cove handicap at six fur- j
longrs. Among those she met was Rapid |
Water, thought goofl enough to send to j
Chicago to run for the American derby,-!
In which she was third. Lady Amelia
we* required to concede to Rapid Wa
ter no less than nine pounds, taking
Into account her sex allowance. But I
the sprinting distance was to her liking |
and Bhe proceeded to show iier heels j
far off. At one time she was eight j
lengths In front of her field and all of ;
them were driving. She came home \
alone In 1:121-5, or within one-fifth of
a second of the track record. Of those
behind Lady Amelia, Rapid Water
• rood the drive for place best. Sum
mary:
FTTtST RACE — FTt# and a half furlong*;
•elllng; msidc-n twt>-year-oMs:
Bfttting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. s i Fin.
3 t» 1— Flcur de Siane, 99 <Jon^F) 2 2 h 12
? to 1 — Confessor, 101 (J. Martin) 1 3 H 2 3*4
4U1 — Silt ajid repper.!04(Kedf> 6 7 h 3 IV*
Time, 1:07. 6lart tood. Won easily. Win
ner. E. L. Graves' b. f. by Meddler-Mary C.
L.ltU« Futtercur. Black Prlnro, Jlcly Poly,
Kstella J. Calmness. Cashier, Woolnoia. Flat,
Kecreo, Bcnnie Ag-nes, Sachem and Squeezer
r.r:-:.- -.. &s named.
EECON'P RACE — About two miles; steeple
chase h.andicED; lour-year-olds and up:
Bettinjr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
6 to Ti — G.iod and 3'lenty,14O<rtay) 3 13 18
31 to fi— Maicen. I'-iii (Hoiman)... 2 2 5 2 50 '
'JO to 1— Gascar. 138 <J. O'Brien). 6 4 1 3 2
Time, 4:27 i-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s b. g. by UOEsington-
Farr.im-. Jay Geesee, Gortr.acc.llan and Trek
finished at. naiiKd.
TH1R.I> HACK — One and a sixteenth miles;
*-''I!ir.g: three-yejir-olds and up:
Bc-tting. llor:-?. \\>ipht. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
« to I — Clover land. 10b iWondly) 2 3 4 1 h
13 to 5— Gay Lothario. 104 <Redf) 1 - 4 «i 2 h
10f» to 1— Homestead, 101 (Crim). 4 5h .1 '2%
Time 1:47. Start i-oor. Won (irivine. Win
ner, V. Hollars b. h. by Flatlands-Ixicky
'"lovrr. K'jnotf, Bob Murphy. Masterraan,
ITninask^d. Forward. Wborlrr. Hlndred. Sabot,
Uold Nan and Acn^s V finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongrs; three-y«ar
<i!<3f; the Glencove handicap:
Bluing. Hone. Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
.-{ to 2— I^dy Amelia. 122 (Redf ra) 1 1 ti 1 &
Stol— liapid Water. 118 (Shaw). 2 3 14 2 2
4 to 1— Dick Bernard. 1<>* (Burn!) 5 7 1 a 14
Time 1:12 l-'». Start cood. Won easily.
(Turner. E R Thomas' b. I. by Ben Brush-
Lacolonia. Oo'.d Saint. Divination. Juvenal
Maxim. Seymour. Lacy Produce, Tim Payne,
finished »s named.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eirhth milet;
three-year-olds; handicap:
l>ltir.g. Morse. Weittht, Jockey. St. % Fla.
t; to 10 — Wsterbejr. l-O <Odomi.. 2 In 11^4
"5 to 1— Iiosetint 10U (Redfern). 3 3 2ta
4 to 5 — BroomFtiek. 115 (Burns) 12 3 3
Time 1:52. Start gooi. Won easily. Wln
r.tr. J.' B. Hasgin'* blk. h. by Watercrest-
Zcaiandia.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furloc**;
two-year-old fillips; rurse:
Bettirc. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
» to 5— Drnd Flush.103 (Phllps) 3 3 3 1 1>4
5,) to J_p-anders. 104 < Wonderly) 5 4 S 2 2H
7 to 10 — PcKgy, 113 (Redfern) ... 1 24 « h
Time 108. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner R. W. Nelson's ch. f. by St. Julian-
Golden Tide. Cair.po. Nellie Russell. Miss
Bryant, finished as named.
BRIGHTON BEACH, July 20.—Grati
fied almost beyond measure be
cause the popular racer. Water
Boy, won to-day from Rosetint and
Broomstick, demonstrating that he
Is by no means as yet a "has
been." many thousands of visitors
to the course Joined in an ovation, part
of which was to George^bdom, who had
successfully piloted the Jengthy black
and paid a tribute to the famous racer
himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call
EASES TJP IN HIS AVOEK
SIXTH RACE — Five furlong?; two-year
olds; purse:
Benin?;. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1— Monte, 106 (Helpeson)... 6 61 11
5 to 1— Capltanaro, 111 (Bell)... 1 2^21
13 to 5— Tennyburn. Ill (Knapp). 5 53 3 1
Time. 1:02. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. M. Hedges *: Co.'s b. c. by Purjear
P-Break o" Day. Clydeo 106. Bonnie Prince
Charlie 10C, Mart Gentry 108. Butwell 103.
San Jose 111. Norway 10C, Tom Shelly 10S,
Deshon 106, Dr. Klnney 104, The Dramln 103,
Husted 103, flniehed as named.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
sellinc:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to ' S — I>I Carina, 96 (Gmfleld) 2 2 3 12
13 to 1O— Jade, 102 (Ollphant) 8 12 2 r.k
12 to 1— Dixie Lad. 100 (Knapp) 1 3 3 3 .°.
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
r.er. R. A. Smith's ch. f. by Del Pa?o II-
Carira. Green Gcv:n 102. Magic 107, Xo Trum
per 100, Captain Xeroth 09. Lydia Meadors
1<S. Proprietor 9i>. Swift and True 96. Flying
Brook 99. M. M. Powell 104, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; four-year-olds
and upward; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *J Fin.
4 to 1— Bragg, 107 <Helseso»i). . . 1 2 V4 1 3
17 to 1 — Don't Ask Me.102 fKnap) 4 5 1 2n
i:5 to 5 — Port Royal. Ill (Prior).. 3 11 3 >£
Time. 1 :40 4-5. Start Kood. Won easily.
Winner. James Curl's b. h. (5) by Siddartha-
Car.tatrlce. Fonsoluca 104, Joe Lesser 104,
Jcke 105, Estrada Palma 105, finished as
named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purye:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— Clift. Forpe.108 (Helgsn) 11111
I* to 5 — Prln. TuIane,104 (Knap) 2 21 2 2
l."» to 1 — Action. 112 (Henry) 4 4 IViS 2
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's ch. c. (3) by Handsome-
IlliirEee. Skilful 109, Americano 109, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
thr»e-year-olds and upward; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. : »i Fin.
3 to 4— Creolin. 142 (McIIugh)..l 11 11
Stol — Donaml. 1^5 (Bartley)... 3 3 9 2 4
SO to 1— Weird, 138 fGrar.tland).. 7 22 .'i 15
Time, 2:49. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, E. Corrigan"s b. c. <4) by Riley-Mlss
Bowling. Handvtce 157. Allegiance 133. Golden
Way 155. Co~.t 140, finished as named. Sweet
Jonc 130 fell.
CHICAGO, July 20.— Clifton Forge
won his fifth straight victory when he
annexed the third and feature event at
Hawthorne to-day. The little sprinter
was always favorite, backed from 8 to
5 to 11 to 10. and this was one of the
l>est races he ever won. With 10S
pounds up, Helgeson got him away In
front, nnd at no time was the result
in doubt. Princess Tulane, backed from
i> to 1 to 7 to" 2, was a contender
throughout. She kept as close to- the
favorite as she could, but Clifton Forge,
held his lead of a length to the wire.
Princess Tulane got a severe whipping
fiom Knapp and finished gamely, beat
ing Action two lengths for the place.
The second race on the card gave the
jumpers a chance to perform. Creolin,
the favorite, won easily after leading
all the way. He beat Donaml a length.
The latter was four lengths in front of
Weird at the end. The three that fin
ished in front led all the way. It was
a procession for the rest. At the last
jump Sweet Jane fell.
Helgeson rode three winners. The
talent made another cleaning, as three
favorites and three well-backed second
choices won. The track was fast,
weather clear and pleasant and attend
ance large. Summary:
FIRST RACE — One mi!e; three-year-olds;
Felling:
Detting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
." to 1 — Jerry Lynch. 105 (Knapp)l3 7 3 1 Vs
l."i to 5— Telfphone, 100 (Gronftelii* 3 13 2 1
S to 1 — Freckman, 97 f Llvingstn) 7 4 nk 3 1
Time, 1:41 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. T. Woods* b. c. by Prince Plenty-
Princess Rose. Prince of Pllsen 105. Great
Eastern J00. Foresight 102. Ebony 105, Water
melon 09 Freesla? 102 Rjrevale 07, Trom
peuse 95. 'Martlus 100, Thank Haven 100, fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WILL TAKE XO CHANCES
FOURTH RACE— Two-year-olds; atx fur
longs:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. SL % Fin.
8 to 5— Loretta M., 107 (L. Wil) 1 1 na 1 H4
2 to 1 — Broomhandle. 114 (Neely) 4 2 8 2 10
o to 1 — Lady Faroy. Ill (Rayner) 5 6 3
Time, 1:16a;. start Good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Milan & Co.'s blk. f. (2) by Pirate of
renzance-Frrtlle. Monaco Maid (103), Dam
ron (103) finished as nained.
ST. LOUIS, July 20.— Loretta M and
Broomhandle had a great battle in the
two-year-old feature here to-day.
Broomhandle swerved under punish
ment in a ding-dong stretch run and
lost enough ground to cost him the
race. The track was sloppy from to
day's rains. Attendance 4000. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — On« mile; four-year-olds
and up:
netting. Horse, WeiKht. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
« to 1— Ladas. 121 (Dale) 1 15 16
10 to 1 — St. Stmorlan. 121 (Austn) 7 2 6 2 3
SO to 1— F. McKee, 124 (Crwhrat) 2 3 4 3 us
Time. 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
"r.er. J. I. Mergers ch. h. (8) by Albana-Berny
l^ass. Darnwar 114. Handspinner 114, Colonel
Ballantyne 110, Golden Light 116. Irby Bennett
122, Fitzbrillar 117, flnishsd as named.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds:
Bsttinsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SL »i Fin.
9 to 6 — Mlr.s Gomez. 105 (Wilson) 1 13 115
15 to 1— Anyway. 105 (Blacklock) 3 2 3 2 4
20 to 1— Lady Charles. 1C5 (Wlms) 7 5 3 3
Time, l:16'i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, w. J. Foley & Co.'s < h. f. (3) l)y I'»
eel-Queen Lab. Cardona 105, Lomona 105. Miss
Sabriello Watts 105, Bush Smith 106. Bettlo
Deceiver 105, Oro Z 105 Essayer 105, Cora
Weed 105. Pink Marsh 103. Oria 105, Marjore
Brewer 105, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— One ard three-sixteenths
miles; three-year-olds and up:
Betting:. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
2 to 1 — Athena, 96 (L. Wlison).. 4 2n 12
20 to 1— Mildred L. 00 (Redar)... 7 3 8 2n
6 to 1 — Elie. »l (HardeEon) 5 4 8 3 4
Time, 2:07'4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliotf s br. f. (3) by Halma-Jessie
Lee. Bevsie McCarthy 10S. Leenja 105. Alice
Turner 100. Daisy Hawthorns 103, finished a*
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
That made the score 4 to 3 in Oak
land's favor. During the next round
Buchanan brought Byrnes in from sec
ond and made it a deadlock by lining
the ball to left field -for two bags.
Schlafley responded to left for a double
shot in the eighth, and Brick Devereaux
scored him with the winning run with
a drive over Mohler's head. The score:
Oakland— I Seattle—
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rf 4 0 10 0 Van H.cf 3 0 0 2 0
Krufter.cf 4 0 0 3 0 Mohlr,-b 4 2 2 0 4
nunlvy.H 4 110 0 Deleh,3b 4 0 2 0 2
Sch!fly2b4 2 2 1 3 Fri.-k.If... 3 0 O 3 O
Moski.ss. 3 10 3 4 Blnkp.lb 4 0 0 12 1
Devrx.3b 4 0 12 4 Smlth.rf . 4 0 0 0 0
Streib.lb 3 1 1 14 0 R.Hall,ss 4 0 O.B 7
Bymes.c 2 0 14 lWllson.c 3 1111
Buchan.p 3 0 2 0 3'C. Hall.p 2 10 12
J'WIHams 10 0 0 0
Totals 31 5 9 27 15j
.1 Totals 32 4 5 24 17
•Batted for C. Hall In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 10003000 0—4
Has* hits 20003000 0—5
Oakland 0 0 0 0 2 1 1 1 x— 5
Base hits 00112 122 x— 0
SUMMARY.
Errors — Mohler, It. Hall. Moskiman. Buchan
an, Kroser. Two-base hits — Delehanty. Buch
anan. Schlafley. Sacrifice hits — C. Hall. Van
Haltren, Byrnes. First bas* onerrors — Oakland
1, Seattle S. First base on called ball — Off C.
Hall. Left on bases — Oakland 4. Seattle 5.
Struck out — By Buchanan 4. Hit by pitcher —
Wilson. Double plays— R. Hall to Blanken
shJp. Mohler to R. Hall to Blankenshlp. Time
of ssatne — One hour and forty minutes. Umpire
8TANDINC1 Or TUB Cl.Unti.
(I'n rifle Coast I^n«ii» )
w.u Pet. w.u Pet.
Tacoma «:5 43 .(W2 Oakland M M .80ft
Seattln r.s *<i .f.r.s Hmi rran. . . .«* «2 .«!&
Los Angles.. 67 40 .C38 Portland 39 C3 .!W2
Parke Wilson steered his Seattle
charges to the Eighth street lot yester
day afternoon prepared to give Loh
man's tobogganers a beating that
would make the fans up north cheer
for the home team. Wilson had visions
of Mike Fisher weeping in despair over
the loss of the rag and other nice things
that "smokers" are wont to behold.
And the blissful' SDell lasted till the
eighth, when Oakland hammered in. one
more run — Just enough with which to
win the battle. Score— Oakland 5, Seat
tle 4.
Oakland made \>ne of the gamest and
best UDhlll fights seen on the lot this
year. . With the score 4 to 0 against
them In the fifth, the Commuters grad
ually got Jerry to Mr. Hall and kept
easing runs in till the score was finally
a tie. Nor did they stop there.* In the
eighth they made the one which count
ed most and Dut the Siwashes out of
the going, for a day at least.
Seattle opened up with that rush that
is characteristic of a roughhouse ball
team. After Van Haltren was down
Mohler and Delehanty walloped the
ball to right field. Frisk shot a liner
to Schlafley, who returned the f ball to
the plate In a twinkling. If'looked as
though the runner was out, but the
umpire said nay, so Seattle was one to
the good for a starter.
The fans thought the game was
broken up for fair in the fifth, when
Wilson beat a bunt and Hall rested
sa/ely on Buchanan's error. Van Halt
ren's sacrifice advanced both and Mah
ler's single scored them. Then Dele
hanty swung through to center with a
long two-bagger and Mohler arrived,
making It 4 to 0.
Oakland got busy in the same round.
A base on balls, a hit and a couple of
Infield outs gave the Commuters two
to start with. They quit then till the
sixth, when another one was pulled off
by Dunleavy's daring work on the bags.
He hit safely and Schlafley lined the
ball at Hall. The latter threw to Moh
ler, who dropped the sphere. Dunleavy
overran the bag, and as he tried to get
back again Mohler made a stab to
touch him. Then Dun rushed for third,
and Schlafley, who had nearly reached
second, started back again for first.
The whole Seattle team got into the
field in an endeavor to run Dunleavy
down. But the nervy one managed to
escape them all, and was safe at third
when the visitors turned their attention
to getting Schlafley. But he, too, was
a slippery one, and while the whole
bunch was running him down Dunleavy
started for the plate and reached It in
safety before the ball, Schlafley going
to second.
Errors — Raymond (3), Drennaa, Castro.
Stolen bases — Nordyke. McCreedie. Campbell.
Bases on balls— Off Thlelman 3, off Overall 2.
Struck out— By Thleltcan 3. by Overall 10.
Sacrifice bits— Drennan, Kaftan. Casey. Double
plays — Graham to Kazan. Raymond to Beck.
Left on be**s— Portland 6. Tacoma. 5. Passed
ball — Steelman. Time of came — One hour and
forty-five minutes. Umpires — O'Conneil and
McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Totals SO 0 S 27 14! ' Totals 20 1 1 27 11
RUNS A>'D HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 00010111 1— S
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—1
Bass hits 01 000000 0—1
Overall was In fine form, striking: out
ten men. Three times Nadeau fanned
and McCreedle and Campbell struck
out tyice each,- Molnne.r a Salem ac
quisition, has been added to Dugdale's
team. The score:
Portland — -/-.- i Tacom* —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Xadau.lf 4 0 0 2 0 Doyle.rf 4 0 0 2 0
McCre.rf 4 O 2 2 O Shehn.Sb 4 O 0 ' O 2
Dman.cr 3 0 O 0 0 Xordy.lb 2 0 0 9 1
Beck.lb. 5 0 2 9 2 Kagan.ss 2 O O 3 2
Rymd.ss 4 0 0 4 4 L.ynch.cf 4 0 12 0
Cmpbl.Sb 3 0 0 12 Caaey.Sb 2 0 0 12
Castro.Sb 3 0 0 2 3 Mcljcln.lf 3 0 0 0 0
Stelmn.c 3 0 0 5 3 Grahxn.c 2 1 O 10 1
Thlmn.p 8 0 12 0 Overall.p 3 0 0 0 9
nnymond tltd not touch the ball and It
went by Drennan almost to the fence.
Graham iicotcd and Overall got to
third, only to die at the plate by Cas
tro's quick return of Bheehan's lnflela
bunt. Btedmnn nailed Bheehan as he
tried to steal second. Raymond and
Beck made a fast double play In the
eighth.
Eddie Strives to Dodge Mr.
Hyde and Kims Afoul of a
Banister Post in Dark
Champion, Chaperoned by
His Wife and Brother,
Starts for Harbin Spring*
AVell Ridden by Odom He
Easily Defeats Eosetint
und Broomstick.
Clifton Forge Wins His
Fifth Straight Victory
at Hawthorne.
Loretta M and Broomhandle
Finish One, Two After
a Great Drive.
Seattle Starts Off With a Rush, but Oakland Gradually
Rolls Up Enough to tie the Score and Then Breaks Up
Game— Dunleavy Does a D.irlng Piecq of Baserunning
UNCANNY PLAY
MOTES HANLON
JEFF DEPARTS
FROM OAKLAND
FAMOUS RACER SHOWS THAT HE STILL
POSSESSES SPEED AND IS NO HAS BEEN
COMMUTERS OVERCOME LEAD
OF FOUR TALLIES AND WIN OUT
WATER BOY SCORES AT BRIGHTON BEACH--CROWD GIVES HIM AN OVATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21: i§6*
Better fall trying* to do right than
succeed in dolns wronjf.
The Austrian Government is figuring
on prices and .plans to use electric
motive power on its. railways instead
of steam.
Bell May IJe Champion.
SYRACUSE. X. TV. July 20. — The
playing of Dell, the Californian. was
the feature of the early play In the
State tennis tournament here to-day.
Bell played" two matches and won both
easily. He is looked upon as a for
midable candidate for the champion
ship.
Amrrirans Win at Cricket.
LOXDOX. July 20. — In the cricket
match to-day between , Haverford
(Pennsylvania) and Tonbrldge School
the Americans won by 54 runs
10
Blood Troubles |Wi|
Bad blood is the source of numerous aches and pains <P\
and the cause of nearly all stubborn, long-continued dis- '5fe^» j35ew
cases. When the blood gets out of order, disease germs
and poisons of various kinds find their way into the cir- SJwSP?3iiaE!|^
culation and some serious trouble is the result. Rheu-
matism, Malaria, Old Sores and Ulcers, Scrofula, Anemia SmT&^^EJ
and many pustular or scaly skin eruptions, like Eczema' T9f?1§^»^
Salt Rheum and Tetter, have *
their beginning in bad blood, . Tj«* • ¦«• »* bl °°*? r *« *•*. •• evidenced bj
into the circulation and de- knowinarittob«hi*hlyipokenof. After uiinga
stroys the germs and poisons, number of bottle s-my blood was thoroughly puri-
can have any permanent good *«*.»a* X ¦ wa« relieved of all eruption* and
effect uponYdiseaseoAhis S^'ff^L^^^t*?^
-character. anyone in need of inch medicine would dowel:
You can't check a blood to*" 1 *- Mrs. c. e. shoemakeb.
disease by any external treat- 618 E ' p » tterMa st -» Alliance, o.
ment ; the sores and eruptions that appear upon the surface of the body an
only manifestations or symptoms of some internal disorder that cannot b«
Si -i reached from the outside. S. S. S. antidotes the pol
AH*J/i^^ sons, humors and acids that are the real cause 01
Xi^^Ni^^y disease, cleanses and enriches the blood, and buildi
hwJhO|) °P at the' same time the general health. S. S. S
-^-^.^1 r invigorates all the organs and parts of the systcn
and stimulates them to greater activity, and strong nerves and renewec
health is the result. If you have any blood trouble, write us. No charg*
lor medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA>United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Ban Francisco
Uay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. .
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, JULY 21. ' - - .- .
Sun rises .5:02
Sun sets ...7:29
Moon sets 0:27 a. m.
t3 iTlmel (Time ITlmel (Time
£ 1 Ft. I Ft.) Ft. Ft.
0 |l, W| ]H W ¦-¦¦--.• ¦ ]LlW |H W
21 0:38 0.9 7:10 3.8)12:07 2.5 "6?42^ 6^6
22 1:41 0.J 8:27 4.0 1:07 2.7 7:36 0.7
23 2:37 0.0 9:31 4.3 i:01 2.0 8:27 6.0
24 3:28—0.4 10:20 4.3 2:55 8.0 9:18 5.9
25 4:12—0.6 11:12 4.5 3:45 3.1 10:00 5.T
26 4:60— O.6|U:57 4.6 4:30 8.110:44 6.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tho early mornlne tides are given in tha left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column* gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
Hometlmes occurs. The heights giv£n are io
If many a so-called gTeat man could
come back to earth and glance . over
his own biography undoubtedly it
would surprise him more than any
one else.
Wednesday, July 20
U S atrar DaJiiel Manning:. Tuttle, — days
from San Diego. fe
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port .Rodeers.
••Btmr Queen. Cousins, £15 hours from Vic
toria.
Stmr Del Nort«. Payne, 32 hour« from Cre»
cent City. .
Stmr Centralla, Erlckson, 37 hours from
Hueneme. -
Btmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from
Greenwood. :
.Stmr Coos Bay, Johnson, 59 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Pasadena, HenrJckson, 43 hours • from
Santa Cruz Island. *
. Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr laqua, Jorgenson, 23 hours from
Eureka. ,.. n
Stmr Maggie. Cornlne, 4 hours from Half -
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
At the Democratic State convention
held in Albany a few weeks ago David
B. Hill was busy every moment of th »
day. Toward evening he thought he
would secure a few moments' respite
and a little rest while being shaved.
As he climbed Into the barber's chair
he handed the tonsorial artist a quar
ter of a dollar.
"Is this a tip, sir?" inquired the
knight of the shears.
"No," replied Mr. Hill, "that's hush
money. ; Now, not a word!" — Roches
ter Herald.
Hash Money.
Sun, .Moon and Tide.
Big Cargo of Teas Here.
Owing to the more than normally
large cargo of teas brought to this
port by the Mongolia and to hasten
the delivery of the same to the im
porters, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury R. B. Armstrong has given
the Customs Collector at this port per
mission to establish temporary ap
praisers' stores at the Mail dock for
a period not to exceed thirty days. The
cargo consists of 6000 tons of teas.
There is no duty on tea, but it must
be examined to ascertain whether Its
quality reaches the standard fixed by
the Government.
In four years the Pennsylvania Rail
road has paid out through its pension
Rystem Jl.227.000. Of the 2126 men
retired 527 are now dead.
The carnival of Venice, which once
¦was celebrated by the whole populace
of that city, has now become a mon
opoly of the children.
In addition to the foregoing- the steamer
carried 74 pkgs mining machinery, 7 pkgs road
machinery and 1 pkc copp»r pipe, valued at
J1S17, en route to Dawson, Northwest Terri
tory, and 56 rolls leather.' valued at |2401 for
Yokohama. Japan.
The steamer Umatllla, which sailed on Tues
day for Victoria, carried an assorted cargo con
signed to the port of destination and the prin
cipal British Columbian ports, valued at
$HJ.17<5 and including the following: 2127 pkes
fresh fruits. 14!) pkgs fresh vegetables. Hi
Pkgs onions. 12.K75 lbs dried fruit. 5850 lbfc
raisins. l«j c& assorted canned goods, 50 c»
preserved cherries, 3000 lbs chocolate. 1200 lbs
meals. 'Si keits pickles. 208 pkgs provisions.
IJ i>kj;s table preparations, R crta honey 15
kt-gs vinegar. 25^ bxs paste, 4300 lbs malt, 2.8
gals wln-e, 7SS5 lba coffee. 79 cs arms and
ammunition, 4 jikea electrical supplies 6 pkjrs
machinery. 103 bbls bricks, 17 cs dru*s, 42
blila 4 cs oil, 5 hdls pipe, t} pkgs dry.^oods.
3S pce steel, 45 boiler tubes, 36 rolls buildlncr
paper, 300.000 lbs cement.
Alratrni Fog B»ll. California (List of Lights
and Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1904, page ltt,
Xw. 3.1. anf) the L'Ft of J.'»litn. Bu"v»fi>'id
Daymarks. Pacific Coast. 1904, page 22) No
tice is hereby given that the repairs to the
fogbtll machinery on the northwest extremity
Of Alcatraz Inland. San Francisco Bay. Call
fcrnla, hav« been completed, and hereafter the
bell will.be Founded as usual during thick or
foggy woath^r. By order of the Llghthouss
Board. W. P. DAY, Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Imports for the Xorth.
Xotlcc to Mariners.
William H. .Snedaker. general agent
of the Illinois Central Railroad, and
hi? wife returned yesterday from a
two months* trip abroad.. On their
homeward journey Mr. and Mrs. Sned
aJccr visited the St. Loui? Exposition.
Cesare Consoles of !Cap!es. who rep
resents the Banco Naples, arrived here
yesterday and is registenvl at the Pal
ace. He is here for the purpose of
establishing a pystem whereby Italians
desiring to send money to Italy may
*><? advised in the proper manner by
the local Italian consulate.
Charles K. Knox of Philadelphia,
president of the Montana-Tonopah
Mining Company, arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Whit- of Wash
ington are at the St. Francis.
A. B. Hammond, the well-known
timber and lumber magnate, has re
turned frcm a business trip to Mon
tana.
PKKSOXALu
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ¦¦ | From. \ Due.
Montara Seattle July 21
Aztec. Panama July 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 21
San jLon Xew York via Panama. July 21
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma July 21
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. July 21
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena July- 21
Santa Rosa San Diego .% Way Pts. July 21
Ooronji Humboldt July 22
C Dollar Port Harford July\i2
J. H. Hlggin3. San Pedro.. July L'2
Argo Eel River Ports July 23
Bonita , Newport & Way Ports. July 23
Columbia j Portland ' & Astoria. . . . July 23
North Fork... Humboldt July 2i
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. . July 24
Neva dan Honolulu & Kabul ui... July 25
Eureka ' Humboldt July 25
<:ity Puebla. .. Puget Sound Ports July 25
Pomona 1 Humboldt July 25
Tctnu-s ' Seattle July 23
State of Cal.., San Diego & Way Pts. July id
Breakwater. .. Ccos Bay July 25
S. Monica ....'¦ Grays Harbor July 25
Redondo Portland & Astoria. ... July 25
San Pedro San Pedro July 25
China China & Japan July 2."i
Fomo Point Arena & Albion. July 28
Coi-s nay -San P*dro & Way Pts. July 27
Curacao M»xlc*an Ports July 27
City Sydney. . New York via Panama. July 27
Aurella Portland & .Woria July 27
fJ. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria, July 28
ITmatllla j Ptiget Sound Ports July 30
J»anle I Seattle & Tacoma. .. . . . July 30
Marlposa Tahiti Aug. 1
Oregonian.... ' New York \'la Coronel. Aug. 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
July 21. *~
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 am Pier 8
Porrona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Elizabeth. .. Ooqullle River B pm Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2»
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Sequoia..... Wlllapa Harbor... 12 m Pier 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
State of Cat San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
July 22. I
Centralla... Grays Harbor 12 m'Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg. 1 . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
July S3.
Arcata Cooa B. & Pt. Orfd 10 amlPler 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos B Pier 10
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 21)
July 24.
Arco Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Queen jPuget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona illumboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
. July 35.
S. Barbara..' Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 10
laqua • Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
July 26.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
July 37. . . ;?;
San Pedro.. Humboldt ......... 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 8
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
July 28. |
Sonoma Sydney & Way... 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier Seattle St Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 29.
Mongolia.., China & Japan.... l pm Pier 40
Totmes Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Nevacjan... Hono. & Kahulul. 5 pm Pier 23
July 30. I , . ,
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Aurclia Astoria & Portland 4 pmjPler 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. i • ' Destination. Sails.
Cottage City.. | SkaKw;ty & Way Ports. July 22
Dolphin.;..'... Fkagway & Way Ports. July 23
Santa Clara. . .iValdez & Seward.. .... . July 23
Olympia -Nome direct.. j u i y 03
Jefferson Skagway &. Way Ports. July 28
Dlrlgo.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 31
Excelsior Seldovla & Way Ports. Aug. l
Victoria...... Nome & Siberia ....Aug. 2
Roanoke • Nome & St. Michael .... Aug. 6
{ moon Ba.y^ -,
1 Btmr Noyo, Johnson 25 hours from Eureka.
! Schr Berwick. Jacobsen, 48 • hours from
: Rogue River.
; CLEARED.
Wednesday, July CO.
Stmr State of California, Nlcol«in, San Di
ego: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr G*o W Elder, Randall. Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company.
Br berk Lord Temoletown, Morse, Port
Towr.send; Eschen &. Minor.
Br ship Olivebank, Henderson, Chemalnus;
H M N'ewhall & Co.
SAILED.
1 Wednesday* July 20.
i Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson* Mukllteo.
t Stmr F A KUburri? Thompe.'m, Port Rodger's.
i Stmr MagRie, Cornint. Halfmoon Bay.
> Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Eureka, with schr
John A In tow.
, Stmr Arctic. Nelson, Eureka.
I Htmr South Coast. Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Whlttier. Dlckson, Klhel, via Gaviota.
| Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, Fort Brarg.
' BiIk (Seneva. Treanor. Port Blakeiey.
! Schr Jennl* Griffin. Gibson. Bollnas.
Schr John A, OIs?n, Eureka.
i Tujf Relief. Marshall. Point Montara.
Tug iMuntless, James. Point Montara.
Barjre Tidal Wave, Johnson. Fort Brags, In
| tow of stmr Brunswick. I
; SPOKEN.
i March IS— Lat 36 N, lonsr 124 tVJ Br bark
Iredale, hence March 16 for Ipswich.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 20, 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind west: velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— 'Arrived July 19 — Bktn
Newsboy, from Hllo. July 18 — Stmr Olympic,
hence July 10. July W — Schr Tran5tt, from
San Pedro; schr Esther Buhne, from Honolulu;
schr Jessie Miner,, hence July 1; schr James
i A Garfleld. from Redondo; bktn Portland,
hence July S.
Sailed July 10 — Schr Dauntlfss, for San
Pedro; schr Comet, for Santa Barbara.
Sailed July 20 — Schrs Sausallto and Alpha,
for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived July 2<V— Stmr Asun
cion, hence July 18.
Sailed July 20 — Stmr Asuncion, for San Pe
dro; stmr Fulton, for .
EUREKA— Sailed July 19 — Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco; stmr Noyo. for San Francisco;
stmr Iao.ua. for San Francisco.
Arrived July 20 — Stmr North Fork, hence
July IS: stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
Arrived July UO— Schr Lottie Carson, from
San Diego; stmr Bee, hence July 19.
Sallfd July 20 — Stmr South Bay. for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 20— Stmr Lee
lanaw. from St Slichaels.
Sailed . July 19— Schr Maweema, for San
Diego.
COOS BAY— Balled July 10 — Stmr Alliance,
for Eureka and San Francisco; stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 2*— Schr Webfoot, henca
Junn 29.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 20— Schr San
Buenaventura, for 8an Francisco.
Arrived July 20 — Stmr Chehalls, hence
July 17.
TATOOSH— Passed in July 20— Schr Ex
panfrion, from Redchdo. for Port Blakeley.
Passed in July 20— Stmr Geo Loomls, henc*
July 16 for Seattle: ship James ' Drummond,
from Manila, for Port Townsend.
Passed out July 20^ — Stmr Melville Dollar,
from Tacoma. for St. Michael.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 20— Stmr
Bonita for San P«dro.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Francisco.
BRISTOL BAY — Arrived orior to July 23 —
Bark Yosemite. hence April 25.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed July 20— Schr
Sailor Boy. for San Francisco: bktn Retriever,
for San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES — Arrived July 20— Brig W
G Irwin, from Roche Harbor, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed July 20— Bktn Aurora, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived July 20— Sehr
Lyman D Fatter, hence July 10. July 19 —
Schr Camano. hence July C.
j , SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 20— Stmr Ful
! ton. from Redondo; stmr Asuncion, from R«
dondo.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Asuncion, for San
Francisco: «chr Carrier Dove, for Grays
Harbor.
EASTERN PORTS.
• NEW YORK— Sailed July 19— Stmf Alli
anca for Colon.
BALTIMORE^ — Arrived July 10 — Br stmr
Caprera, from Callao.
- FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON — Arrived July 19^-Stmr Seguranca,
from New York.
• HONGKONG — Arrived July 10 — Ship E B
Button, from Chefoo. ¦ „ .
LISBON — Arrived July 18 — Span stmr Isla
de Panay. from Liverpool, for Manila.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived July 18 — Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
CALLAO— Sailed July 13— Ger stmr Hathor,
for San Francisco.
MOJI — Sailed July 4— Br atrnr Afghanistan,
for Manila.
. SWANSEA— Sailed July 16 — Ft bark Babln
Chevaye. for San Francisco.
- SYDNEY— Sailed July 19— Stmr Ventura,
for San Francisco.
- GUAYMAS— Sailed July 18— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. ,
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Oce
anic, from Liverpool. \ ,
SACRAMENTO, July 20. — Acting Governor
Anderson has appointed F. H. Corsett Super
vleor for the Fourth District of Kern County
in place of J. F. Bottoms, deceased.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Hall on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at neon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the ll'Oth meridian or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
• ¦ i * ¦
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.'i Mer
ohanti?' Kxchange, San Francisco Cal.,
July 20 l'J04
Time Ball.
HEALDSBURG, July 20. — Peter
Siml, a well known wine dealer of.
San Francisco, dropped dead here last
night from apoplexy. He was a native
of Itlaly, 68' years of agre, and leaves ;*
wife and three children.
Suddoii Death of a Merchant.
Point Montara is about fifteen miles
south of Point Lobos. It Is the seaward
end of a spur from Montara Mountain
and its rocks and ledges are exceeding
ly dangerous In thick weather. There
Is a light and fog signal on the north
end of the point. The steamship Colo
rado went ashore there November 9,
1868, and the ship Aculeo was lost on
the reef in 1873. The Government has
been petitioned to establish a life-sav
ing station on Point Montara.
On arriving here Captain Tuttle re
ceived orders from the department de
.taching him from the Manning and no
tifying him that he would be relieved
by Captain C. C. Finger, now com
manding the cutter Rush at Seattle.
The Maggie arrived last night and
moored at Mission No. 1. Captain
Coming's statement did not materially
differ from that of Captain Tuttle. But
the crew, however, state that they will
file claims for salvage,, as the cutter
was Btranded and the Maggie pulled
her Into deep water and safety. They
affirm that the Manning signaled for
the assistance she received from the
coasting steamer. It Is thought along
the front that their claims are good.
Ready for Her Trial.
The new battleship Ohio, which- was launched ¦
at tt« Union Iron Works during the visit hero I
The two vessels continued on their
way to this harbor, the Manning drop
ping anchor in her old berth off Sausa
lito-apnarently none the worse for her
trip ashore.
Captain Tuttle was Interviewed on
the quarterdeck of his vessel shortly
after she arrived. He was overjoyed
at the all-round good luck that kept his
ship and himself from lengthening their
Btay on Montara reef. A variation of
the compass steered him into a fog
shrouded shore. From the incident the
captain pointed a moral that, no differ
ence how careful, how experienced a
coast shipmaster may be, he is never
clear of the danger of wreck. He said:
Forty-four years I have safely navigated
thcee bays and Inlets, and on my last cruise,
almost within fight of harbor. I ro on th<»
beach.. Kbw did It happen? Well, tlrnt. the
tog- second, I was a half mile farther in shore
than I thought- I could not hear the Montara
whistle though I was almost on>Jt, when I
could hear the hern at Pipeon Point, twenty
olffht mJles to the south. I have heard much
complaint about that Montara .fog whistle that
doesn-t whistle when it la fojrsy. I knew tha
tide would float me, and. even If the Maggie
had not ccme. I would have gone oft under my
own cteam. I gave the captain of the Maggie
*.V> for his good work. The cutter was not in
jured and does not leak.
When the fog lifted about 10 o'clock
the captain found his position was on
Colorado reef, south of Montara Point.
The roasting steamer Maggie. Captain
Corning, bound for San Francisco, ven
tured in elope to the Btranded treasury
cutter and offered assistance. It was
accepted and a line was made fast to
the Manning, and the tide having risen
considerably her bow was slewed
around toward the sea and the Maggie
pulled her off into deep water.
The Daniel Manning left Monterey at
midnight, steaming slowly and hugging
the beach, as is a part of her coast
patrol duty? When north of Pefcadero
the fog came in thick enougrh to shave
with, and the cutter was put on a knot
and a half speed. As he neared Mon
tcra Captain Tuttle listened for the
whistle on the point, but states that he
could not hear it. though the Pigeon
Point horn, twenty-eight miles away,
was booming loud through the fog. It
v.as very quiet, sea smooth, little wind
and no sound coming from the surf off
the starboard. Suddenly a slight grind
ing was felt and heard and the vessel
rubbed sidewise on the rocks. Cap
tain Tuttle, who was on the bridge
when she took the ground, reversed the
engines, but she could not be moved.
This was at S:40 a. m. There was very
little swell and the vessel appeared to
be resting lightly amidships on a
smooth bottom. Captain Tuttle, know
ing that the tide would soon begin to
rise and the cutter would float, put out
a kedge anchor to hold her off shore
and waited.
trance of Half moon Day, yesterday
morning. It was fortunate that the
rocky bottom was smooth. "When the
mishap occurred the wind and ocean
were quiet, and no 'damage was done.
The revenue cutter Daniel Manning
went on Point Montara, near the en-
The bark Challenger, on Puget Sound, Is
chartered for lumber thence to Sydney »t
33* »d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Kriiish ship Olivebank will eet away in
a few days for Chemalnus, to load lumber for
South Attica. The Ollvrbenk arrived h?ie din
roaMfd and has undergone numerous and costly
repair* iiurina her stay in port.
The Bluish th'.p James Drummond, which
passed Tatijoyh yesterday, has made the run
across the Pacific, frcm Manila, in thlrty
eigi-.t days, almost steamer time.
Wafer Front Notes.
Th<» Oceanic Stearr.sh'p Company's liner
Ventura left fcydr.ey July 19 for thi3 port.
The steamship Queen, which arrived yester
day from Pueet Sound, Is making; better time
than r\rr hctorv. She came flown In fifty-five
hours and landed her passengers bright and
«-atly in the morning.
The British ship Wendur. bound from Ham
burg for i-oiita Rosalia and reported at Splt
he..«l. damaged by colltilcn; will make tem
porary r<:>ain» et the latter port and proceed
in tow to (he Bristu! <"hanr.el.
Will Make Temporary Repairs.
The ves.«e!s on the overdue list quoted for re
insurance are the Ems. out 111 days,, from
Calcutta for Fiji, and the Pioneer, out 101 days
irom Buenos Ayres tor Falmouth, both quoted
at i5 p:r cent.
If her trial is successful the Ohio probably
will be sent to the Asiatic station to tak*
the of the Kentucky. If she. does this
th* nnv battleship will bcrom? the, flagship in
the Far Cut. Six months after goin? into
commission th-e Ohio will have her final irial,
en the result or which depends the settlement,
by Uncle Sam, of ih« bill for her construction.
The Overdue List.
of the late President McKlnley, is now
anchored off the ship yard wh?re she was
built having her bankers filled with Cardiff
coal, in preparation for her trial trip.
m. The trial will take place In the Santa
Barbara Channel, for which ths Ohio will leave
July :>. lTi..r to that time, however, she will
be civr-n a numbor of runs in thp harbor, just
to satisfy the builders that everything is in
1 roper werkirur ordtr and rehdy for the critical
tests to which the trial board will put the big
fl^htlriK machine.
The trial board will be composed of the fol
lowins oflher*: Rear Admiral W. H. Whltins,
Lieutenant Commanders J. P. Glennan and C.
A. Curr *nd Lieutenant C. A. P. Hepburn.
The machinery Ixurd will comprise Lieutenant
C. A. Cair, chairman, and Lieutenants A. M.
Mitchell and J. F. Baheock.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
Kli;n precedes the height, and then the number
Clven is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
REVENUE CUTTER DANIEL, MANNING. WHICH WENT ASHORE ON THE ROCKS AT MONTARA POINT. JUST NORTH OP
L Bi^^f^^^^^^^ii l t X ' miCKVOG - SHE WAS SAFELY PULLED FROM HER PERIL-
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 20. —
Thomas J. Maloney, a Denver politi
cian, died at the home of his brother
here to-day. He came here several
weeks ago for his health, seeking a
lower altitude.
Denver Politician Dies.
SAN JOSE, . July 20. — Captain
Charles J. Lucky, formerly of San
Francisco, was found dead in his home
near Los Gatos yesterday. He was a
member of the Master Mariners' and
Pilots' Association of San Francisco.
Deceased was a native of Norway and
64 years of age. He leaves a wife and
four children.
Death of Captain Lucky.
Judge McBride Dies Suddenly.
f SPOKANE, Wash., July 20.— Judge
John R. McBride, brother of Senator
McBride of Oregon, died suddenly to
day from ! hemorrhage of the brain.
John R. McBride was born in Mis-
Bouri in 1S33 and came to Oregon in
1846. He was the second Congressman
from Oregon', being elected during the
war. Later President Lincoln appoint
ed him as Idaho's first Chief Justice.
He was Republican national commit
teeman from Idaho and Utah for sev
enteen years.
Th* Officers' Club at the Presidio was
the sc^ne of much good fellowship last
nig-ht, when the ofneers cf many regi
ments held a smoker — and a right Jolly
Fmokor, too. Inasmuch as maneuvers
in th«? field will disrupt the bonds of
companionship at the club for a time,
the little smoking bee was a famous
success.
To-day Lieutenant Beverly C. Daly
of the Thirteenth Infantry will wed
Miss Frances Grow, a pretty Berkeley
n:aid. The service will be celebrated at
the Church of the Advent, East Oak
land.
Cupid seems to have singled out the
Graham family as a specially fit field
of activity. Following close upon the
heels; of Mis? Mota Graham's engage
ment to Lieutenant Lewis \V. Cass of
th<* Thirteenth Cavalry comes the an
nouncement of the engagement of Lieu
tenant William Graham, U. S. A., to
MIfs Hobart in Manila.
Miss Gallatin is the younger sister of
Mrs. Frank Powers and of Mrs. Henry
Thompson Seton. and is a great beauty.
The wedding date has not been set.
Pretty Leta Robin Gallatin engaged!
Now. thafs news! And the lucky chap?
Dr. Willis P. Harvey.
Miss GaJlatin. with Mr. and Mrs. Al
bert Gairatin. left San Francisco in the
spring for Paris, where the maiden
Feemed at the time to have serious
intentions of cultivating her voice. But
love does upset plans in strange fash
ion—even more ponderous plans than
thes>c
After the reception, at which many
smart gowns were seen, the happy
pair left for Seattle, where they will
lake passage for Alaska, returning on
the Spokane in* three weeks.
After a short visit with the bride's
parents Mr. and Mrs. Rawlings will
depart for the southern republic,
where the groom is interested in the
Fan Luis mine in Sinaloa. The min
ing regions of Mexico are not exactly
alluring settings for ordinary honey
moons, but are ideal spots for such as
these, where each will be all unto the
other.
The groom, who for some unfath
omable reason is never permitted the
support of more than one attendant,
had Moulton Warner by his side. The
ushers were four handsome chaps,
Uoyd Baldwin. Sidney Pringle, Isaac
Upham and William Smith.
The bride was given into the koep
i::p of th«? proom by her father, which
prift meant much to him and to the
devoted mother, who. in the giving,
knew full well that soon many miles
must part them, as the young people
£•0 to Mexico to make their home
nest.
In a nook of forest fernery the vows
vere pledged, the Rev. Dr. Hemphill
of Calvary Presbyterian Church read-
Ing the senice. On the arm of her
lather the bride entered the drawlng
roqm, an exquisite picture of youthful
beauty. Her gown was of point lace,
luted well to her svelte figure, and fall-
Ing about it was a full lace veil, held
in hor hair by a half wreath of orange
blossoms- Her bridal bouQuet was of
lilies of the valley.
Attending her was the maid of hon
or. Miss Helen May Davis, in a dainty
Irock of white chiffon, embroidered in
marguerites and bearing' a bouquet of
ferns, and Miss Alysse Warner and
Miss Jane Rawlinffs as bridesmaids,
two pretty maidens, wearing fetching
frocks of white liberty satin and lace
and carrying bouquets of marguerites.
Miss Eleanor Warner, the winsome
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Alexander
Warner, last night became the bride
cf Stuart Rawlings, who had Jour
neyed from Mexico early in the month
to wed the dainty maid.
By Sally Sharj>.
Mrs. Emily A. Warren, wife of the
Rev. Dr. James H. Warren, died at
1:30 o'clock yesterday morning at her
residence, 1544 Taylor street, and al
though in delicate health for some
time death came quite suddenly.
Only last Sunday morning Mrs.
Warren attended service at the First
Congregational Church and early
Monday morning awoke complaining
of great pain. While there was some
indication of improvement toward the
evening Mrs. Warren gradually sank,
the end being peaceful.
In 1850 Mrs. Warren arrived in San
Francisco as a bride, Dr. Warren sub
sequently removing to . Nevada City.
He later accepted the editorship of
The Pacific and during all his work as
pastor and editor he found an active
adviser in his- wife, who took an ear
nest part in charitable work. No one
worked harder for the foundation of
the Protestant Orphan Asylum in this
city than did the lamented lady.
i)r. Warren and four children and
two grandchildren survive her. In ac
cordance with her wish the funeral
services will be perfectly simple. The
date of the interment has not yet been
decided. >. ,V>
SAN FRANCISCO
PIONEER WOMAN
PASSES AWAY
FOREST FERNS
FORM BOWER
FOR WEDDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦ CALIiy THURSDAY, JULY 21, 190i.
She Grounds Easily on the Rocks While Steaming Slowly in a
Thick Fog and Is Pulled Into Deep Water by the Coaster
Maggie, Whose Crew May File Salvage Claims on the Vessel
REVENUE CUTTER DANIEL MANNING
GOES ON A REEF AT MONTARA POINT
11
j<Zt kT\ Train * leave and are da«
XV,»<Trr>^J\ toanivaat
UU^^jzl 8Ay FRANCISCO.
VQV j^^ Jtn '*O« 3Wt 19. t»4.
*3^ (Foot of itsrtet Stre«t.)
>'*'« - MAIN LINE. -A»arrT
7^K)a Vacsniie. Winters, r{um«ey_ 7 6Cj»
7.00a B«aic1a. Klmtra and Bacratnento.. 7.20P
7 -30a VaUeJo. Nai>«. CalUtos*. Santa
Hom. Marttnez. Saa Bamoo S20»
7J0a NHe«.TT»ey. L*taro», StociCToa..^ 7-20P
8.00a snuata Exprem — (Via Darin).
wniutnt (for Oartlett Spr1ax*>.
TVtUowi. tfmwx KeU Cluff,
Portland. Taootna, Seattle 7.50»
160a P»»!«, Woo t!»r>J. Kalghu Laoilin?.
MarytTille. Cblco. urovllle 7-M»
840a Port Costa. Martinet. Anttoco.
Byr«a, Tracr. Stoc!cton. New-
maa. Loa Baao*. Meadota.
Armona. Haafuri. Vlialla.
Porterrflle 4.20**
8 -30a Port Cot ta. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, Ooaben Jnsctloo, U»a-
ford. VltaUa. HakertSeid 4 50i»
8.20a Nliea, S*a Jow, LlTerraore. Stock-
too. (IMIItnu). loae. Sncramento.
MarTiTllie. Chlco. Ked Blaff 4 20«»
• JCa Oalcd»le. Ch'.neae. Jamestowa. So-
norit. Tuolnmne and Ansel* 429?
8 COa Atlantic Rxpres*— Ogden iml Etit. 5 20?>
930a Rlcbrnood, Martinez and Way
Station* S 5Qp
1000a The Orerlaad LlraUod — Ok<1«d.
Omaba^Coio^o. IteoTcr. Kanses
City. St. Lovis •20s»
IOJJOa Va!lejo_ 1220f»
10.00a Los Aaptales Pm«cnser — Port
Coata. Martinez. Byron. Truer,
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymoad. Fresno. Ooeben Juao-
tion, Hic'ord. Leraoore. Vlsalia.
BakariSelh Lo» Ao^etet 7.2Cf»
17.00m Hayvard. VVn and War Station*. 323P
11 -OOP Sacramento Kl»er Steamer*. tll.Qli*
3 .^OP-Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
'Woodland. Willow*. Knl«!u»
Landlnac M»ry»Ti:io. OroTlllo
and way station* 13 50a
3 3Cp Uay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. • / 60o
4 CC p Usrtlnei.San Uninoa.VaMeJo.N'apa,
Callstoga, Santa I^>ta 8 20 A
4CCPNHet. Tracy. 8tockwn.Lodl 4.20?
4 30p HsywarU. Nlies. lr»!ngtun, Saa I 'SoOa
Jose. Uveroiore 1 111.60a
E-COPTbe Owl Limited— Newman. Lot
Kanos. Mrncton, Fresno. Tulara,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8-S0a
16 SOp Hayward. Ntles and baa Jose 7.23a
GXOp May ward. Nlles and San Jose 9&0a
6.CCp Eostera F.xprcn— Vf lea. Omaba,
Chicago. Dearer. Kaosai City,
8t. Loufa. via Mar: iner Stockcoa.
9acrament<x Colfax. Reno 1250s*
8. OOp Vallelo. dally, except dun^iay.... t 7 >•>_
7CCP Vallejo. 9anilay only f 760P
7 4JCP Ulrbmond. Han P»l>lo. Port Costa,
Martfaei and Way Stations 11.20a
7X0p li.-m> PasseDger— Port Cost». Snl-
snn. Elmlra. Davis. Sscramento,
Troekee,* Lake Tatioe. Reno,
Tonopah. Spark* 7-SQa
tO5P Port Costa. Marlines. Bjrroo,
Tracy, Latbrop. Modesto.
Mrrcn.l, Berendm Fresno and
Way SUUons beyond Port Costa 12-20?
80Sp Toseml'e Valley, »lm Itcrenda and
Wawona 8-50A
8-05P Msrtlnes. Tracy, Etorktoa 10.29a
8-ObP Oregon * California Kx^rws— Sao-
nmento, Marysvllle, Beitdloc
PortlaDfi, Puee't Sound end East. 850*
8.1CP Bayward, Nlles aavd Saa Jose (Sua-
dayonly) 11.60a
COAST LINE (Sarraw Uaa?»).
; (Toot of Market Street.)
7.45a Santa CmzExcun1oa(Snnday only) 8.1 Of
6-16a Newark. CenterTlIle. Saa Josa,
Felton, Bouider Creek. Big Basta.
Santa Cm* and Way Stations... 5 55P
13-15a AlTarado. Newark, mo Jo«\ Us
Gatos.Glenwood, Felton, Bonlder
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Craz 8 13f»
t2 15p Newsrlc. Centervlile. Ban Jos«,
New Almaden.Los Gato«.Fe;too.
Boulder Crrek. Santa eras and
Principal War Station* 13 S5*.
4. ISp Nawark, 6an Jose, Loa Oatos t8 55.\
4 1 op Wright. Boulder Cre^k and Santa
Craz. Bacarday and Sunday only. »8 55*
COAST LINE (broad fcaaxe*.
lsT~ ( I hlrd ami i'uwnsen-J Streets.)
6 10a Ban Joss and TVny Stations 6-309
t7 OCa fan Jose and W»7 Station* 640P
7.15a MOBt<rey and 5»3fa Cruz Ezcnr-
slon (Sunday only) '. 10-30«»
8 00* New Almaden (Tues., Frld.. oaly>. 4-1JP
SCOATbe Coa.'ter— San Jo*e, Salinas.
San Ardo. Pmo Roiites. Santa
Mir; uiri. 8»n L'.its Dhlspo. Santa
Barbara. San BticnaveDtnra,
Montalvo, Oxnsrd, Burbank. Lus
Angeles 10-43»
g.COAGIlruy. HoTllster. CastroTtlle. Del
M-inte, Paclflc Grove, Sarf, Lom-
poe 1045P
9. COa Ban Jose. Trea Plawi.Watsonrir.e,
Capitols. ?«ut» (rtit. Pact da
Orove. BullaitA San Lnta Ohlsp*
and 1'rinctpV Way Buttons. ... 4-11»
10 JO a San Jose and Way Stntlons 1.20f»
11 30a Santa Clara, ban .lose. Los Gatos
aad Way Slitions 7.30^
1 iOf San Joceand Way Stntlona 8 33*
13 blp Del Monte Rxprens (except San-
day) — Santa Clara, tun Jose,
WaUonvIl>, Saata Crnx. Del
Monte. Monterey. Pacific Grova. tt2*15i*
3-ICp BuriluzanM'. San Jooa, Gllroy. II"I-
ilster, Tres Plnos.P»Jaro,Watsoa-
vllle. Capltola, Sant« Craz. €»»-
trovlllp, s»;ina«, Paclfle Grove... 10 i* *
<.30p f ia Jone and Way Stations t8.Q0~*>
tS COP SaotA Ciara, San Jose. Lo* li»:.i»,
Wrisbt and principal Way st»-
tlou» (except Snaday) fSOOA
|5-30p SaaJo*eandPrtaclp«lWayStattona (9.40a
5 45i» Sunset Kipre-x— Ked wood. Saa
Jose, G ilroy,Sal(n»!i. Paso KoMea,
San Lais Obtspo. Sunti I>art>ara>
Los An;»lr». l>emins. Kl V**<k
Vrw Orleans. N'W York 713a
-6.45pP»JarO. Watsonvtlle, Capltola. i .....
f-tut* Crnz. Castrov'Ue. Drl >' Ir??^
Monte, Pacific drove*. i T 10- 4 J'»
JS-15? tau Jtateo,Beresfor<l,Belmont.S-io
Carlos. Ketlwuod. Fair Oaks.
UealoPark. Pa!o Alto 18.43a
6 30p San Jo*e and War Sutions. 8 36*
8 OOp Palo Alto and W <y Sutioos 10.15a
11 .3Up bomb Saa Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
Itneame. S*n Hateo. Belanonc.
?sa Carlos, Kedwood. Fair O*k%
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 3-453
•11 SO" M»ytle!d. Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
an Jose ?9.45a
A for Morutnsr. P for Afternoon.
t 8nn<1ay excepted. : Bandar on! r
« Saturday onlr- & Monday only.
. .Ibuoi ai aU statical oa Sua Injr,
¦ TOSANRAFAHU
ROSS VALLEY,
HDLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Perry.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD CAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days ac
«:30. 7:10. 7:45. S:^0. 0:15. 10:C0, 11:00 a.' m.
(11:40 a. m. Sauaallto only). J2:2O. 1:43. 3 13,
4:C0. 4:35 B:15. 5:50. C:U5. 7:15, 0:00 10:20.
11:35 p. m. Sundays an<i le?al holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 0:15. 10:0O. 11:00. 11-40
a m., 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15. 4:0O 4:35.
8:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 8:13. 0:00. 10:20.' 11UJ3
p m.
Arrive at Ban Francisco week days 6-17
7:00. 7:35. 8:15 8:45. 9:35. 10:20. ll:05'a ml
12:05 1:25. 2:50. 3:33. 4:20. 6:03. 5:40 8:15.
«:55. 7:55. 10:05, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays an I
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:45 2:05
8:50 p. m.
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. m.
8:15 p. m.. 6:15 p. m. <ex. Sat.). On Sunday*
and legal holidays at 7:43. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00.
11:00 11:40 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45, 2;30. 7;13
and 8:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45" a. ta. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc
3": 15 p. m. dally except Sunday— For C&za-
dero, etc
5:15 p m. dally except Saturday and Sun*
day— For Point R«yes. etc.
7:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Point Reyes.
8:15 p. n>.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. eta,
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, loot or Market at.
B»EAlFN~lisS
Of Years' Stand-
ing Is Quickly jm dfi t *J f $£&
Cured by C^U^X *XK v.
Electro-
Chemistry WIJF*
EXAMINATION and TmiTr 1
TREATMENT rKLll
All who are deaf, all who have head
and ear noises, and those who have
painful and discharging ears, all sxiTcr-
«T8 from Cona-mnptloa, Catarrh, Arthma
Broachitia. Bhraaatlni, XtxtnixuTz^.
coiactor Atari a, all Blood and Skin 3J1«-
eases. Stornacli, Liver and Kidney Di«-
eases aad Special Olaeaae* of Men and
Women are at liberty to come to us for
an Eleetro-Chemlc X-Ray Examination
and Treatment. Free. ««mauon
Write for Home Treatment If You
Live at a Distance.
ELECTRO-CHEMIG INSTITUTE
118 Grant Ave., Cor. Port St, s. T.
Office Hours— J a. m. to S p. m. and T
to f p. m. daily. Sunday* — io a. m. to
1 p.' m.
H CALIFORNIA
U LIMITED TO CHICACOH
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THU^SOIYS B
Hat J):.'I() a. m., througrh in 3 days.EJ
M with diner and all trapping*. fi
Other Santa re Train* :
¦ ¦...¦_,- i .¦.,..¦,':.
7:30 a. m. "I for Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p". m'.J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
;-; T ' Chicago.
TICKET OrPICES — 641 Wartot St. and
Ferry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad*
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Jo»e.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UK FRAKCfSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAII.WAT COMPAITY.
Tibnron Perry, Foot of Market Street.
san rxtAxrcisco to saw eapaei.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 8:00. 9:0«. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. ta'.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 3:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 6:3f». 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAZT PRAITCISCO.
"WKEK DAYS — B:05. 6:5l». 7:U5, V:5O. »:'M,
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 8:00» 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
tExcept Saturdays.
L»are j In Effect | Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. 1U04. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ] days. I tlon. | daya. \ Daya.
'. 7T30 a 7 :45 a 7 : 4.' a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8-C0e 9:30 a Ijnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p «:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7 :30 a 7 :3O a 1:45 a 7:45 a
8-00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0:30 a Tetaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
&-10p 2:30 p -and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:43 p
7:30 a 7:30 a " 110:20 a 10:20 a
8:0Oa S:0Oa Pulton. | 7:2S p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 1 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hcpland JI0T20 a 110:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:25 p| 7:25 p
" j I Vllllts. ) j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
"8:00 a! 8:0Oa| Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
~8?oba 8:00 a 1 3:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma.' 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30~aj 110:20 a|lF:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect a,t Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and l Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs ; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprinirs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at tJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratcga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake; Pomo. Potter Valley,
Jchn Day's, Riverside. Lterley'a, BucknelTs.
Sanhedrin Heights, HullviUe. Orr'a Hot
Springs, Hallway Hou*e. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westpcrt. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
ville Cummins. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.*
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU !<in«»!it» Ferrj Arrive
Ban Fraucltoo tt*i tf B»rtet St. 8an Francisco
Week San- _i51i3.i fcuu- Week '
Dayi. day*. jfv(x&2fBlK days. Days.
:....'.. 8:3oa ffPspll r2i45-F-ar«iB-x
1C:00a V^^S^!W 2:05 r *ii;05 a :
10:00a 11:00a W«^f 3:35 r 3:35 r
1:4Bp12;20p Na^SSS' 6:40 r 6:15 1
6:15r 1;45r 6:15 r 10-.0* i
4:35 1 ytfr B:HO r
* IU C rarity Car, j[ TirilpaU t» lill Talkf.
Tickxt (828 Makxct St. (North lihore Railroad)
O7FICKX land Sadsauto Fkkry. Foot Market at.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
j^Sgj^Track Railway between the I il!^^^§S
MJfb\\ssQ\ir\ River and Chicago.
Jy Three Fast Trains^
Ssuthsrn Paeifio, Union PaclJlo and Chicago £ North-Wtstarn Rys. ffl b$
|| ®k Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment J§J§
observation cars, buffet smcking and library cars; if/W
'RBk For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information JgBF mS
apply to agents Southern Pariric Co., or to /^r^^t^r
CHICAGO C NORTH-WESTERN I^V. A g$?J§'THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL/ THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
12
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted -'0 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge fcr extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 5uc: gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist now located at the Grand
building. ICO." Market St., room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry at low prices.
' Paris Dental Parlors. 2a Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 oi> up; Crowns.$2 up; fllUngs.llac,
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tistsi Dr. Perklna. Mgr.. 9€0 Mission, cor. 6th
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 3Zc: crowna. $2; no
pain: open Sundays Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttr.
E3UCATIO2IAI*
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building, 7:>8 Mission
st., between Third and Fourtn; more spacif-
finer rooms; better light; finest in the W«st^
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGg.
E. R. AYRES. founder and manager of Ayr««
Business College for 14 years, has returned to
take active management. Combined course.
$5 a month: life scholarship. $50. Day,
evening. Bancroft bldg.. 723 Market St.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs,. President Jordan or any Stanford
profestor; day, evenlag sessions. Phelan bdf.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting give*
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Westera
schools; special summer course. 414 Uason.
A— METROPOLITAN Business College. Gram-
mar and High School, 602 Van Ness ave. ; as-
sists to employment: free use typewriter* at
homes. R. H. WEESTER. ex-supt.. Prea.
COACHING arithmetic a specialty: $1 23 per
wpek: competent Instructor: life diploma.
MRS. M. K. SMITH. SB Pine plac». off
Pine gt.. near Mason.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE.14C5 Mar-
ket, guarantee* positions to graduates: Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math, etc.; day aad
eve.; individual inatr. 303 Larkin st.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, formerly prea. Pac. Bus. Col.
DANCING — Adults. Mon. and FrL evgs.; Juv»-
nllee.. Sat. 2 to 5: priv. lessons daily. Flnd-
lay's Hall. 17th, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864. Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight:
individual lnstruc.; all branches: day; «v«.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. cora-
plete course. 6 mo. $30. eve. $4 mo. : prlvata.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Goldsn
Gate ave.. S. F. ; 75-page catalog or request.
jES0O»:&OYMEWT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment offlci
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. 83D Sacramento. Tel. James S261.
A-ORPHE11I Employment Offlco^Japanese^
Chinese help. 428 Powell «t. ; tel. Main 5752:
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 ft O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 413 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki. mgr. ;tel. Bush S39.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chtnesa Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
— FEMALE.
LADY desires position as secretary or matron
of institution; charitable or otherwise; ex-
perienced; first-class references. Box 2711.
Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position In American family:
fond of children; will go in country: refer-
ences; wages moderate. 794 Folsom st.
' YOUNG German-American woman with a 4-
year-old child wishes position as housekeeper
or general work, city or country, tn Jewish
family; can sew. Box 2366. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
hnusccleaning; $1 50 and carfare. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD, 113 Hayes st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place as up-
stairs girl; goo«l reference; wages $13. Ad-
dress 2C31 Nineteenth st.. corner of York.
A YOUNG German woman wishes a position
as cook in a Christian family; $.''.0; cfty only
417 Twenty-ninth gt.
A COMPETENT stenographer desires perma-
nent position; will furnish machine if da-
sired. Box 2384, Call.
AMERICAN woman (has child), good cook
wants work; country. 324 Mason st. ; phon»
Black 2396.
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few mor»
engagements; guarantees work; references
Phone Black 1393.
COMPETENT cook (-German), willing to di»
plain washing, wishes situation; good waxaa-
city references. Box 2440, Call office.
A YOUNG woman wants position: house-work;
country. 324 Mason St.: phone Black 23901
A LAUNDRESS, etc.. wishes a few more half
days' work; 75c and carfare. Address MRS
D.. 14 Rlngold st.. between Eighth and
Ninth, near Harrison.
YOUNG lady (German) would like a situation
as companion or to tak« car* of children for
parties going to Europ© or East In exchang»
for expenses. Box 2223. Call office.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and ironing; by the, day. Call 1203 Vallejo
st.; no postals.
EASTERN girl wishes position to d» general
housework and assist la cooking. Phon*
Church 067.
AN American woman wishes posttlon as nurs»
to care for young children; wages $25. Ad-
dress E. S.. 62 Sussex st.. near Glen Park.
WANTED— Position by first-clasa bookkeeper:
thoroughly competent: 7 years' expert enc«;
flrst-clasn references. Box 2224. Call offlca.
REFINED girl wants position: $30 to $33~a
month. 3838 Eighteenth st.
A SWTSS would like work by day hoas» eleaifr*
ing. Box 2454, Call office.
POSITION wanted by experienced dressmaker**
helper. 2223 Twenty-second St.
JAPANESE young girl wants situation to do
housework or cooking: help fn small family.
Address YAIRO. S14 Pine «t.
JAPANESE girl wants position in good fam-
ily; plain cook and house-work; wages $3
up. Address T. P.. 292 O'Farrell St.
JAPANESE girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework and rooking; good family.
K. I.. 539 Stevenson st. I .
WANT ads and subscriptions takes for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* receive! at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
\ EMPI^OYMEITT VASTCP — TvrftTjE.
A COMPETENT, experienced hotel man would
like position as manager of hotel; any siz*.
Address T. C. KING, Hotel Sequoia. SOS
Geary st.
STRONG young man wants work of any kind-
good driver: not afraid of work; city or coua-
try; references. Box 2433, Call office.
GARDENER, experienced, desires posit lonTrefl
erences. HEPPLE. room 15, 6 California st.
LOCOMOTTVE boiler-maker would like fore-
man position In railroad shop; belong to no
union; experience as a foreman and manu-
facturer 35 years. Box 2323. Call office.
AN elderly man with references, very reliable,
wishes position as elevator runner or watch-
man: speaks English. French and German.
Box 2320. Call office.
INTELLIGENT, refined young man would l!k»
poai'icn of trust: will give reasonable bond
if necessary: state particular*. Box 2HI.
Call office.
GERMAN. sob«r. understands care of horses,
garden, can milk, wants situation. Box
2456. Call office.
MAN. young, desires engagement: good at any
kind of mechanical work: house or machinery ¦
repairs. Address box 2432. Call office. ;
A YOUNG couple wishes position in hotel or
som e nice private place in exchange for room •
and board; city only. 923^ Mission it. '"
MIDDLE-AGED handy man wants work; prl-
vate place. Address J. U, H.. bos 1S22. Cal U -
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper or proof-
readcr: no objection to leaving city. Box
2440, Call office.
TO tailors— First-class Swedish cutter, age 5 !
years, of practical experience, seeks situation. .
Box 2449. Call office.
A SALESMAN desires position with rood ftrm;t
references and bond. Box 1940. Call office..
Painter, paper-hanger, signwriter. wants work;
tools fur. 1272 Folsom st. ; paona Mint lil.
' SPIRJTU AIiIBM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; readings dally; 619 McAllister.
TEST circle to-nizht at 8 o'clock at palmist
rooms, 711 Polk st.: admission 15c.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night and Sunday.
8 p. m., $1. 1084 Bush St.; phone Larkin 4133.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances rvery night
except Sat.: 10c; sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c; 610 McAllister, st. : readings daily.
Mrs. E. M. Miller, automatic slate-writing, heal-
ing, developing. 2590 Mission; tel. Church 2045.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market at.. Gait House.
CTAIRyO-x-AKTH.
¦AA — Call at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
. PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby FOlemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, and
what you want to know. 1 tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact, 1 will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant th«
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one. you
love, • bring back your loved " one, and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to S
p. m.; closed Sunday. 320 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. : she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
•present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them : valuable advice In
all affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, Egyptian geeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to lip. a; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, ti to 8. Phone South 1141.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: names given: special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clalrvoyant.card
reader; when others fall try me ;good readings
25c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
A— MME, RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME. ODELL returned; clairvoyant, card read-
er; tea leaves: 25c up. Lower flat. 220 Eddy.
GO and see Mme. Hoffman, the wonder of tho
axe. 1207 Market st.. room 11.
CI^ftJBVOYAirrs — Continnad.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO WlfT
NESS THE WONDERFUL DEMONSTRA-
TIONS OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
Readings $1. Would it not be relief to know
how you will succeed, be relieved of matters
that trouble you and of schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with better succese?
Then fcr reliable reading go to Ltvlngstone-.
428 Eddy St.; three separat« reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. m. 8 p. m.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant: gives names, dates,
facts; readings daily. 017 Market, room 3.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
CARPET BEATCTQATOClEAanarO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process now
universally used for cleaning carpets on floor
without removal: carpets and rugs are also
cleaned by compressed air at shop; prices
moderate. S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning
Co. 308 Market st.; phones Main 152 and
Bush 479. _¦:
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s>-nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-S57 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth »t. — Firxt-claas
carpet cleaning 3c yard'. Tel. Mission 74.
i WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rlson st.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Boating Works
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO.WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mlsslon 263.
C-LOTHHTQ B.ENOVATHTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring aad
dyeing. Bon ' Marche, 40 Ellis st.. room 14;
phone Dnimm 44. Call for and deliver free/
CO^IiECTXOn OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main G3S0.
CUBES BUPTTOE.
HUNTER'S positive Rupture Holders, $10: no
dlacomfort. 1206 Market st. : send for circular.
•OEESSMAKEE^AND SEAMSTRESSES.
FIRST-CLASS artist. Just from the East, wUh-
. ing. to establish her business, wilt make any
- style of gown for the next 30 days for $•> to
$10; work and fit guaranteed; bring work
and be convinced. 723 McAllister st.
MtDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
. Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
IiOD aiHCr-HOTTSES_POB SAliE— Con^
HEADQUARTERS ' j^£ODGING-HOUSES.
H C. DECKER. 900 MARKET ST.. FHOiNt.
JOHN 531.
ESTABLISHED 1877-IN THIS CITY.
I SELL ONLY BARGAINS. .,„..¦
18 100ms; splendid boarding-house. $1600
8 rooms; flat; newly furnished $5W
16 rooms; fine transient house. ...... . . . .$MX)
27 rooms; swell boarding-house; reduced. $.1000
17 rooms; part housekeeping; a snap..... $500
10 rooms; sunny side; north of Market. ..5b.5
15 rooms; downtown transient corner %}££>
30 rooms; exchange for small house ?TO00
14 rooms; must be sold |""V
11 rooms; pickup; fine location $450
20 rooms; rent $85; a bargain .$jW<>
31 rooms; Mission st •»?50
12 rooms; $200 cash, balance payments.. .$.00
22 rooms; a money-maker; now ;TJ!^A
20 rooms; near Market et.; a snap. ..:..? lojxj
7 rooms; nice home • if,xH
21 rooms; compelled to sell; see it. $l«0O
8 rooms; modern flat; $20 rent .$400
24 rooms; fine location: good income $1300
15 rooms; north of Market. •* •'SO
16 rooms: elegantly -furnished; only $1,100
B4 rooms; exchange for small house. $4500
16 rooms; newly furnished 512o0
46 rooms; new house; yoursfor $1SOO
6 rooms; nicely furnished; only. $250
14 rooms; Geary St.: good buy $900
16 rooms; UD-to-date; with piano....' $1500
5 rooms; elegantly furnished $300
51 rooms ; modern apartment-house $7(500
31 rooms; Market st. ; for exchange $3000
110 rooms; house clears $600; offer wanted.
100 houses with 6 to 300 rooms; all prices.
20 ROOMS DOWNTOWN— RENT $40.
CLEARS $100 PER.' MONTH.
PRICE ONLY $800— MUST. SELL.
I H. C. DECKER, 060 Market et- Tel. John B31.
! 90-ROOM NEW HOUSE; NEW FURNI-
TURE: CHEAP RENT; MUST SELL.
DECKER.. 000 Market »t.
THIRTY rooms, nicely furnished, lease.. $3500
26 rooms, all men roomers, low rent.... 1000
115 room*, low rent, - country transient. 6*000
31 rooms, rent only $56. 600
40 rooms, rent $70, transient..... 1500
81 room*, rent $3 per room ." 3400
Hotels and roadhouses *nd all kinds of busi-
ariess sold and exchanged.
, Money to loan on furniture at low rates. '
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny at.
LODGING house for rent, 43 rooms, 8 baths;
near Sutter and Hyde. : Address for particu-
J* r .¦: only principals need apply. Box 1965,
• Call office.
10-ROOM house; $30 over rent. Apply after 12
m., 82.t Howard st., downstairs.
7-ROOM house, furnished, for sale; down town;
good Income. Box -2211, Call office.
LODGING house for sale, 46 rooms; furniture
in first-class^ order: bargain." Box 2268, Call.
0 ROOMS; call at once; no reasonable offer
refused. 212 Fifth at ¦
ATTOB.\EV-AT-I<AW — Continued.
PATENTS and pensions^ — SONNTAG'S PAT-
ENT & fgXBlON AGCY.. 214 Pine, 6th floor.
automobii.es.
BARGAIN — CADILLAC; seats four; canopy
top; in fine condition. Box 2331. Call office.
OLDSMOBILE for sale for $400. Box 1970,
Call office.
WANTED— Rambler automobile. Address with
price, etc., bcx 1987, Call office.
FOR Eale — White Steam Touring Car; good or-
der; $1500. Box 2255, Call office.
ADOPTION.
TO adept; a healthy blue-eyed girl infant.
MRS. ADAM, ladles' physician. 6C9A Ellis st.
ASTHMA R.EMEDY.
A. Di Nolu'e Aethma Krmedy relieves instant-
ly: '.Oe. 2Dc 5Oc l«02 Market. St. Nicholas.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
YOUNG parrots, guaranteed to talk, $3 each;
largest variety dogs, birds, cages, etc., at low
prices. 1544-46 Market st.
BOOKS.
DALY & CURRAN. second-hand booksellers.
removed from -*06 Powell st.. to 857 Qearr st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1COO; CORNER saloon on Polk St.; rent $35;
stock of $000 guaranteed; lease; best location;
owner has to have an operation performed
cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 2«V»
Kearny st.
A— $2triO; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $40;
the choicest location in the Mission; place
established years and first-class paying; full
value in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>to '
Kearny st. j
A— $1750; GROCERY and bar; located in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co. ;
cash trace; i-Pirt $.!U; 4 furnished rooms;
lease. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>Vj Kearny st.
A— Jlo.OOO; BARROOM; one of the best in this
city; or owner will lake a partner for $S0ot>;
this is a most beautiful and best located
first-class paying place in this city. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE, 2UH Kearny Bt.
A — $fJ5<:0; CORNER saloon, establ. many years,
and known to be one of the leading and first-
class paying !ager beer saloons of this city;
fullest investigation solicited; a rare chance;
lease. R. G. WILKE. "ti',i Kearny et.
A— $1800; ROADHOCSE, with line living and
club rooms; piano, dance hall. 2 stables, ct<:. ;
it \vcH-advcitis<>d anj good-paying house.
Call R. <;. WILKE, 2«4 Kearny st.
A— $<:000; CORNER saloon, with 4 years'
lecse; about U block from Market and Ellis
fts.; place doing a rushing business; value
in sight: owr.er must leave for the East.
See R. O. WILKE, 2ti»-i Kearny St.
A— $450: BARBER shop; 3 ch&Trs; established
5 years, best location on Ueary st. ; cheap
rent. Particulars R. G. Wilke, 26H Kearny.
A— JS50; CORNER saloon; rent $40: located
about 1 bktk south of Market lind Powell
«ts.; a goo<J business: owner engaged in
other business cause of sale. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. Kearny »t.
A— S'JitO: CORNSR saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and fiu-rifues-; saloon established years: a
first-class paying place. See R. G. WILKE.
2»;ii Kearny st.
A— $1000; RARE chance, rare chance, rare
chanre; restaurant in San Rafael; daily re-
ccfptK $25; rent ?"0: good business; value
in sieht: i>atronired by b^at class of people.
Se- R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— -J10CO; SALOON in the Potrero. with C
roor»«; rent $50; place established many years;
goo.l buMnos,; investigate: this is a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $St*j; CORNER saloon tn wholerale district;
rent ifM); plac* doing? a fine business; sur-
ir.urded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 28^ Kearny.
A— S1500: SALOON, located in Watsonvilje;
rent $17 SO; Z years" lease; a splendid chance;
thif-e are only 25 saloons allowed in the
iewn. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2GVa
Kearny et.
A— ?2T.OO; LEAVING hotel In the best business
•own 60 milefe from city; 40 rooms; bar and
•'.'.ning-room; long lease; no better chance for
hotel business in the intertor. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— «VX>: LIQUOR store with splendid bar
trade; rent $30; 5 years' lease; value in
sight; one of the best offers in Santa Cruz
County. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26&
Kearny st.
A — $2_.".i>: PARTNER wanted In one of the
\>*ft. payirg corner saloons In this city:
dilly receipts about $40; place clears net
nbove $300 i>er month; location first-class.
Fee R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A- $1600; SALOON, vicinity Market, Ellis and
Stockton Fts.; rent $150; lease: place estab-
lished years: first-class business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«>-i Kearny st.
A— $1700; HOTEL with bar. dining-room,
kitchen and 3<i rooms: piano, «»tc. : finest loca-
tion across the bay. See R. G. WILKE, 2b»4
Kearny.it.
A— $3500— ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st., vicinity of
California; dace must be secrificed on ac-
count of ill health of owner. See It. G.
WILKE. 26>a Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER, also partner manufac7"buT.
£3500 — Hotel and bar, 30 rooms, good bargain.
$225-$.1000— Restaurant and branch bakeries.
$<yiO-$SOO0 — Saloon with lease; good bargain.
|S5ft-$.Vi0u — Grccery and bars; stand investlg.
BERG & ARMSTRONG, 318 Kearny St.
$30o_PARTNER in light business; chance for
right man; must be sober and reliable.
_BEJ1G & ARMSTRONG. 3IS Kearny ot.
J85A— CIGAR store; ideal location; value in
sight; daily sales $17; rent $55.
$1600— 30-room lodging-house; worth $2500.
$+00 — Restaurant; factory dist. ; long lease.
Grocery and bar at invoice; snap.
$500 — Grocery and liquor store; good trade
Real Estate Co.. 1015 Market st.
$900— OYSTER and chop house; choice location-
average daily receipts. $27 50 now; fine, pay-
lng business. Merchants' Agency, 1OO8V4 Mkt.
$1500— RESTAURANT, coffee and lunch roornT;
established 13 years; run by came party; 4
living rooms, well furnished; rent $50- cause
sickness. Merchants' Agency, 100SV4 Market.
GOOD, paying bakery; fine store trade- for
i>ale at a great sacrifice. HAWKS &
MEHRTENS. 7th and R. R. ave., Alameda.
J1 ?? tLt ' buy * eoo & Paying restaurant.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS. Seventh st. and
Railroad ave.. Alameda.
WANTED— If you have real estate Improved
or unimproved, lodging-house, grocery, «a-
loon. butcher shop, delicatessen branch ba-
kery, cigar stand, or a place of buslnees of
any kind for sale, list It with THE SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 418-419 Callaghan
building. 1312 Market st : tel. Folsom 3468.
HERE is a chance to make money at home:
send $2 to S. H. STUART. 415 San Pablo
ave.. Oakland, and learn how to make mir-
rors Oooking-glass). bore holes In glass, cut
glass in any shape without diamond or steel
wheel; right in your own town; this Is a
money-maker; satisfaction guaranteed.
$350— WILL secure a lifelong position and ln-
coroe of $90 guaranteed; experience unneces-
sary, but party must furnish references;
present Income can easily be doubled with
close attention to duty. Particulars 1007 1 4
Market st., room 1. .
FOR sale— Coffee, tea and spice route over 18
years standing; selling on account of retiring
from business. For particulars Inquire at 119
Front st., between 11 a, m. and 1 p. m.
BAKERY and iunch parlor; 2~wagons~5 years'
lease; baking over 1000 loaves dally- cash
business $70 per day; $2000, half cash, bal-
ance in trade. Address box 1254, Call office.
QUCUSQa
WE incorporate and float stock companies- we
handle unliuted securities; loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott Square!
Jsufialo.
MANUFACTURING. $75,000; always pays~15
per cent' to 80 per cent, according to year-
principals only. Address or call 201 Mills
building.
SACRIFICE sale — Restaurant, north Market
I #t. ; worth $350; must sell; any reasonable
I offer takes it. See PATERSON. 873 Market.
FOR eale— Grocery and bar; 42 Tears estab-
llshed in one place; doing a good business-
also a B years' lease. Inquire 890 Filbert st.
ACTIVE young man wanted; steady place"
will pay $»0 to each per'month; cash capital
required. $250. 632 Market Bt., room C.
FOR sale or lease, a hotel in one of "the betrt
towns on the Sacramento River. For par-
tlculars address box 19S8. Call office.
GROCERY and bar In manufacturing district
for sale: full stock: good bar and grocery
trade. Box 2273. Call office.
FOR SALE— Restaurant In good locality on
Sixth *t.; price $350; rent $16: good trade.
_ Address box 2300, Call office.
CIGAR for sale, cheap; must leave city. 1013
Folsom st.
FOR Kale— Cigar vtand In best part of city-
downtown. Box 2704, Call Office. > '
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1030.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR s-ale — Well furnishvd 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride fron- city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generator for
making own gas: toilets; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
1 people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East- make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy «t. '
FOR Bale or trade^ — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to ?70 ton; trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
WANTED — To exchange income property in
Alameda for stock of merchandise in S. F. ;
value about JSoOO. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale^ — Carriage and wagon factory and
gi-neral jobbing; established 27 years; well
located and equipped with modern tools, etc.;
full investigation and trial given; retiring
from business. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR exchange — Lot, 25x125, with cottage,
East Oakland: high basement, cement side-
walks everything first-class; on direct car
line: for rooming-house, S. F. ; value $2000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at!
FOR sale — First-class electrician and lock-
smith business; bona fide proposition; good
reasons for selling. CAMERON & CO.
A LADY has restaurant and 20 rooms, com-
pletely furnished: clearing $200 a month;
price $1000, half cash, or will trade for ranch
or other property, or will take a partner
who will act as cook or waitress. Box 2159,
Call office. ¦ .
CANDY, stationery, icecream and variety busi-
ness; growing town. Santa Clara County; fine
location. Call on J. SEIDL & CO., 619 Bat-
. tery st. J
FOR lease — Hotel: furnished complete; accom-
modate- 22 boarders; 'J bars; 2 dining rooms; '
. best location in California. .Box 1259, s Call
cfrk'c. Oakland.
$i:;00 BUYS the best saloon in town of 2000
inhabitants: don't buy until you see this.
California Investment Co.. 777% Market st.
RESTAURANT— Receipts $20 a day: $230; or
will rent for $25 a month to responsible par-
ty; everything complete. Box 2713, Call.
FOR sale — A large bakery In country: clears
$400 a month; must be sold on account going
out of business. Address box 3137, Call.
$35C — BERRY and delicacy store with living
rooms. 379 Hayes st.
HOME bakery for sale. 1850 Church st.
OLD established cigar, sta. and notion; living
rooms; will bear investigation. 110 7th st.
WANTED — To lease small hotel, furnished, tn
country. Box 2256, Call office.
FOR SALE — In Oakland, a grocery store, do-
ing good Dusiness. Box 1971. Call office.
COAL yard for sale in Oakland; good location;
good trade. Box 199S. Call office.
FOR sale — Corner saloon, with lease; best busi-
ness street south of Market. Inquire 159 4th.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at 1C0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
I.ODOIITO-HOTJSES FOB. SAI.E.
A— CAMERON & CO^ Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $1500.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class cendition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearig now $200 per month; if run tran-
sient can ciear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city; price $3200.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $6C0; at bargain If s«ld at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
17 rooms; rent only $70; fine little apartment
house; sickness; must sell; snap; $700.
12R rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to StiOO per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
IPO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
bouse; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease, paying $500 to $600 per month;
close in; full nice people: bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
8 rooms and clo«*»ts; East St.; rent only $1«;
good furniture and carpets; everything for
housekeeping; C beds; cost $700; obliged to go
to Germany; snap at $350.
flO-rccm. new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment house: cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain en account of sickness.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
108 'ooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished, up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run In conjunction if desired: rare
chance for right parties: part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; .other business
interests demand immediate departure.
18 rooms; rent enly $75; well furnished little
apartment house; reduced to $1260.
12C rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the beet buys in the city.
14 rooms; rent only $57; oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $900.
105 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house: clearing $350 to $400 per
month; call for particulars.
75 rooms: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close In:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets: sickness; price $350.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
MARION .GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Cor. Third and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Rooming-houses and hotels for sale.
19 rooms new and beautifully furnished,
nearly new houee; if you want a nice home and
good paying business at almost your own price
investigate at once. »:-— : •..*•;.•¦¦-.
MARION GRIFFIN.
14 rooms; corner house; excellent location;
always full of steady roomers: $S00 cash Is all
you need: see MARION GRIFFIN.
Extra fine; 105-room -modern apartment-
house; long lease and lowest rental of any
similar house in city; guaranteed to clear over
$300 per month the year around; if you are
looking for an investment for the greatest re-
turn on amount invested, for full • particulars
see my only agent, MARION GRIFFIN. '.
40-room hotel: located in heart of the city's
fashionable neighborhood; money maker and de-
girable home; get particulars from M. Griffin.
j 52 rebms; corner house; every room occupied;
! $1'5 monthly profit; lease; price $4000; M cash.
$850 buys, this week only, 15-room house,
centrally located, well furn. and worth $1500.
$1100; ltt rooms, newly furnished, and all the
cash required is $300. MARION GRIFFIN.
$800 is all I'm asking for my 20- room house-
well furnished; absolutely worth . double this
amount ami clearing now.' the dull season of
the year, $75 per month.
Buyer*, if you do not see what you are look-
Ing for on this. list, call at office; no trouble to 1
give Information; 1000 'places to select from '
MARION GRIFFIN. *
,„„„ , MITCHELL & CO..
1206 Market Bt. phone Jessie 2881
Rooming-houses, hotels and fiats; will aell any
house; part -.*zh, balance easy payments.:
10-ROOM house; rent $45: lease; good ' build-
ing: running water in every room; always
Box 1 iSS 1 "call ¦ XT™ PfICe / e *«°**>l*.
THE : jg|fCVUjL
JOHN" D. SPI1ECKKLS. . . .Proprietor
Address Communications to
.toil X 1 »lcyACGICT^i;-.';rr.^ManagCT
W. J. SfAKTlN Busliyss Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator w '" p. 00 '
n<Mt You With the Departtflent You «>*n-
rublication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 4 J17 to 221 bt«ven£on st.
Delivered by Carrier?. SO Cts. r*r Wef*. « 5
CIS. Per Month Single Copies. 5 £*»•
Terms by Mail. Including Portage
Order) : -
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 >' ar --»^Jc{
DAILY CALL Jinclud. Sunday), to moe.. *;««
I'AII.Y CALL— By Single Month o «j»=
flXDAT CALL. I Year -•"»
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year -• • ';™
I i)ai!> $8 SO Per Tear Lxtra
FOREIGN iund^y 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. . Weekly 1 00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ' ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
tarr.ple Copies will be forwarded ¦wben re-
cuested. .
Mail subscriber* in ordering change °£.it^;
<Ir«*s thould be particular to give both >EW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to lns " re a
prompt asd correct compliance with their re-
cuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
2CI6 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SI4? Center Street Telephone North 77
•WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
VTaWorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. ol
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth -ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P O. New* Cb. : Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Houee. '
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: I
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
(Lcng Distance Telephone. 'Central 2619")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 31) Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, ccrr.t-r Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every nisht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICOS Market street. cTTosite Fifth: open until
11 p. tn.
K7 Mcrtgcmery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p. m
KCKt Haves street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
C3T> McAllister street: eptn until 9:30 p. m.
«;iT. Larkin street; open uytil 9:30 p. m.
1JM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£2U Market street, corner Sixteenth; cp-D
until 9 p. m.
ice. Eletcr.th stiwt: open until 9 p. m.
3<W Valencia street; or<n until 8 p. m.
NcnheaFt corner Church and Duncan streets;
op«*r. until 0 p. rn.
SCOrtlisiUl corner of Twenty -*eco~d and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
SSOO Fillmore street; open until H p. tn.
MEETING gPTICES.
YTRBA nUENA Chapter. KniRhts pi
Rose Croix. No. 1. Masonic Temple. | I
<; Tost street— Sjxcial meeting !. & I
THIS .THURSDAY") EVENING. jgl
T:."O o'clock t-harp. Eighteenth de- m
£rr<\ with full ceremony and music. IV, I
Refection. Visiting brethren cor- [_)
dially invited.
HENRY BURNER P>3. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. T9, R. A. M.— »
mating THIS .THURSDAY) vVf
EVENING 7:.V> o'clock. M. M. de- /yr\
Free. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. JS
M.. will meet THIS .THURSDAY) VVf
EVENING at 7:."rt o'-clock. First de- /V\
jrre e . FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
LA PARFAITE UNION I»dge No. IT. n
F. & A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY. W
July 22. 15»ft4. at « n. m. First de- /^/\
gre<. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 12a V. A A. a
M.— Special n-.cetinc THIS <THURS-Vy
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third decree. Master Masons cordial-
ly invited. By order of the W. M
FREDERICK BARKY. Secretary.
HERMANN L^dge No. 127. F. & A. m
M— < -ailed meeting on FRIDAY. JulvVV
22. 1K>4. a t 1 o'clock r>. m.. et Ma"-
bobIc Temple, to attend the funeral
of our deceased brother. Iienrv Knop By
order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
&r %I H Jr AS F-RANCISCO~Lodjre No. m
£12. F. & A. M.. meets THISW
(THURSDAY) EVENING at "-;o/V\
cciork. for second degree. Bv order
of the Master.
; E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216 F &~A M~I-~^ —
E\LMNG. 7:CO o'clock. Sojourning XX
of ,^V° rd ' aI!y lnvlt *0- By order '^
01 tne Master.
. J^R. GOLDSMITH. SecreUry.
TO"*K?2 '^"p- No. .Hi. FTTnT A . ~
at 7:30 o'cl.-K.-k. Master Masons cor-'^
dially Invited. By order of the W M
I A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process, from E. A. Moody, in Good Luck
mine, near Gold Run. Placer County Cal
draining into Squires ere,*, which reaches
Bear River, and from Eag]» Bar Placer Min
inr Co.. Limited, in Eagle Bar Placer mine"
near Forest Hill, riacer County. Cal to3£
ing into middle fork of American River give,
notice that meeting will be held at room 96
BS?s£iao 8 -,?g SSTQ Cal - AUB - S
CPRECKTLS Sugar Company. NOTICE OP
ANNUAL MEETING -The regular annual
nveetlnF of the stockholders of the SoreckMs
«ugar Company will be held at the o'nee
rf the company. 827 Market st San Fran!
cisco. en MONDAY, the 25th day of™-
lf04. at tM hour of 11 a. m.. for the purl
ETtS " boart , Of d^ors serve
.or the ensuing year and for the transaction
''I tx £ b ? b ' r Sffa*" •• nv.y come Ufor"
$?* m ™ *°"
W. H. HANNAM." Secretary.
MONTEREY County Water Company NoU^i
srg or the stockholders of the Mont*rev
SSjgfc at SgKg S^gfS
;o he s?^or o^: :^! nr * *z? .vsHsi
transaction of euch other business as may
corce before, the meeting. The transfer bSoks
will close on Friday. July 22. 1904. it 3pm
. ¦ W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
Tno IX* ,? ork »— Tile annual meeting of the
Ftockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for
the enduing year and the transaction of such
othrr business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the
company. No. 238 Steuart street. San Fnui-
19Ot°'at n ii AY ' tb " l8t d * y ° f Ausuit -
At-GTJSTTS TAYLOR. Secretary
AGENTS WAHTEC.
AGENTS wanted to sell oar high-grade nur-
sery stock; liberal commission; cash advanced
en orders; outfit free; experience and capital
not Deceesary If you have push and energy:
a few choice fields still open; write before
agrlcned. Chlco Nursery Co., Chico. CaL
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
tnent Company. Parrott building.
R. V?. KINO. Attorney-at-Law. Exam bldg~
Cth floor: entrance room 6U- established 15
years; all ca.-rs, general court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. TeL Red 3C01.
ADVICE free on all legal matters : divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;
rnlning companies organized :patents obtained'
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et. ; estab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atty.— M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.. 15
yr*. practice: refs. from many thousands of
•"ldJers. tailors, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast for whom I have secured pensions.
DIVORCE — Costs. 112: quick. <julet; ativl«
free: all law busintsc: no charge unless auc-
c<ssful; « t>ea evenings. 027 Market, room ."01.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs in advance: all law business: office
cpen Saturday tvenlngg. S19 Market at., r.33.
ADVICE fr*e: dJrorce /costs $12: all cases.
Room 4€5. Parrott bldg.. S55 Market t.
£T~S. CLARK. 927 Market «t.; consultation
free; do fee* la advance; open evenings.
Tl \f~ \V/\ MT "/^YM I IMMC Y^R T^l IP /°\r I have as complete a stock of
I Ht WAN I LULU I I No OP I Ht CALL - — -satisfaction
....An Original and Useful Novelty....
f REE TO WANT ADVERTISERS'
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
HMD'S fAR fOOTHPICKS
PATENTED) '
In Estes Pofisfed . and Engraved Turned-Wooden Boxes
' These are the genuine "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks, put up in handsomely engraved
and polished boxes. The engraving is in colors, directly on the wood (not a label), and the
I boxes are hand polished in the natural color of the wood, thus displaying to the best advantage
the fine grain of the silver white birch from which they are made. In a word, it makes a very
artistic package, and the most attractive novelty of this kind yet produced.
The "WORLD'S FAIR" Toothpicks themselves are so familiar as. to hardly need de-
scription—they are rounded, polished and sliverless, and admittedly the finest and most popular
American pick- on the market, and are sold in every section of this country. ? ',
In Polished
The above cut is fac-simile of the package and exact size of box. The cover is engraved
in red and black, and as the cut reads. The box has a very neat appearance, and is rilled with
about 300 of these popular, high-class toothpicks. When empty box makes a very suitable re-
ceptacle for hairpins, cuff, collar buttons, etc., and is a valuable and ornamental addition to any
dresser. The premiums are free to Want Advertisers in Sunday Call only. Gifts given Thurs- •
day, Friday and Saturday.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsjco Call. corrreT Market and Third street*;
open tin til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. rn.
2361 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until t p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. in.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open unto 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillxnore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101« Broadway - Telephone MaJn 10S3
• ¦¦' BErtKJCLEJY OFFICE!
2141 Center Street Telephone North 77
Sohnelder'a Book Store .* Park StreetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -JULY -21, 1004.
13
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
.LTA PUNTA TRACT, at Stege. on Santa F#»
and electric roads; land $300 per ace; lots
50x200 at $150; orchard of 15 acres ant
buildings, $400 per acre; monthly payments;
send for maps, etc. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. St., 3. P.
5EBKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NT9
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
OOD Investments Near New Santa 7a,
ALL ON EASY PAYMENTS.
:nd of block; 271 feet frontage on track: two
blocks from Berkeley station $23uO
ot 25x100; 1 block from railroad $20O
at 40x133; mac; within Vi block S43U
lalf block adjoining R. R. property $260O
Buy where values are Increasing.
eveTal hundred other lots and a number of
cheap bouses.
CHAS A. BAILET. 1056 University are..
Near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
ACRES in the heart of town, with cottage,
windmill. 4000-gal tank, large barn, cow
shed and buggy shed: fronting on macada-
mized Ktreet. for sale at a bargain; there's
money In It.
JOS. J. MASON.
SB. Cor. Shattuck and Center St.
10DERN bungalow. S rooms, bath, etc., gas
and electricity; lot 33x113; good location;
above Telegraph ave. • price $2200; cash $200.
balance like rent: $25 monthly. H. C. IR-
WIN, Lortn station. South Berkeley. Open
Sundays.
FKUITVAIE ADYERT y S ? TS
TRUXTVALE SEAL ESTATE.
CHARLES T LEE. Phone Vale 236^
)fflce. One-half Block from FruitvsJe Station.
$300 cash — Modern 6- room house, bath, pan-
ry. elegant art mantel, gas; abundance of
lerry vines of all kinds; 15 fruit trees In bear-
ng: graveled walks; chicken house and yard;
ilcely finished; ona-half block to street cars,
ichooi, a'nd local train four minutes' walk;
treet work all done; aewereJ; nice sidewalk:
ot 62:6x130; monthly payments $20; price all
old $2TKK).
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
-OR sale— $2750; it cost $3750; rents for $2i>
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
3AKLAXD ADVERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Chicago. III.. July 6. 1904.
J. S. MYERS, Real Estate Agent.
1CC2 Broadway. Oakland.
Dear Sir — I want you to sell my house on
Edwards street at once. Reduce the price
to $:;7."0. It has cost me $45u0. The nous*
is new, has seven rooms and bath. I hail
it built for a home and it Is first-class In
every way; opea plumbing; combination,
gas fixtures; lot Is 50x125; fronts south:
mortgage of $2500 can remain. I make this
reduction in price so as to realize on it at
once. Respectfully, LOUIS D. REHB. Pal-
mer House, Chicago.
The above mentioned property i« a flrst-
cla?si place; It Is near the Key Route station
on Telegraph avenue and Fortieth street.
The street i-» SO feet wide, macadamized and
cement walks and U a first-class neighbor-
hood. It is positively a big bargain, and to>
Fee It mean* to buy it.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
I HAVE just completed two new house*, situ-
ated at 1C63 and 1065 Market St.. near
Twelfth. Each house has 7 rooms, bath,
plate-glass windows, open plumbing and
finished In llnwood. oak and mahogany; very
central to both local trains and schools an<l
business center. I MUST SELL ONE OF*
THEM AT ONCE and will make price very
low and terma easy. They are open for In-
spection dally and you will find the owner on
the. property. IF YOU WANT A GOOD
HOME at a low price and on easy term*,
now Is your chance.
$750 CASH, $11 monthly— New 4-room cottage,
incomplete: assorted young fruit orchard,
large portion set In choice berries and vine
fruitage; Al sandy loam soil; city water;
near electric car line, away from fogs and
winds: close to a fine .1-story public school
and adjoining Eaet Oakland: corner lot. 100x
2U7- on main county road; a delightful spot
and fine investment; price In all $1(500. Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh st.. opp.
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free,
H. Z- JONE3. owneV
OAKLAND PUR2TITURS POR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in fuml-«j
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st.,cor.store. Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisings.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 1280— Two elegant furnished
rooms; kitchen attached; mod. convenience*.
CALIFORNIA. 1304 — Sunny front bay-window
room and kitchen, connecting; reasonable;
no children.
CALIFORNIA. 2423 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping.
EDDY, 523—2 nicely furnished rooms- for
housekeeping.
EDDY. 0C3 — 4 finely furn. or unfurn. rooms;
private residence; fine location; phone; ret.
ELLIS. 117S — Sunny front alcove and kitchen,
bath, phone, etc.; rent $20; no children.
FOURTH. 225^-Nice furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single.
FIRST, 22S, near Howard — 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms; business center; rent mod-
erate.
FOLSOM, 1707, cor. Fourteenth — 2 sunny bay-
window and regular kitchen; furnished for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $13.
FURNISHED »unny suites; all complete for
housekvplng: gas. bath, phone: a quiet an<i
pl^as.'it home: near park and City Hall: $15
up. St. James, McAllister and Laguna st3.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311 — Sunny furnisheii
room for light housekeeping; no children;
private family; $10.
UAIGHT. 222 — 3 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms for couple: phone; references; call
1 to 4, 7 to 0 p. m.
HARRISON. 731 — Front and back parlor; fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $15.
HARRISON. 74S — Large sunny front parlor for
housekeeping: price reasonable; location good.
HOWARD. 1971— Young couple will rent house-
keeping rooms: new, modern and reasonable.
HYDE. 013 — Elegant unfurnished parlcr
suite, with kitchen; $26 50.
LIBRARY bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Cat*
aves. — Suites and sunny unfur. rooms; reas.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 134O Pin* —
Sunny furnished 3-room suits: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rates reaa.
LARKIN. 819^— Large sunny front roososj
light housekeeping if desired; reasonable.
LARKIN. 1007.cor. Post— The Cragburn. H.Bur-
Ungame.prop. ;rms., single & hkpg.apartmentJ.
OAK. 117. 633 McAllister — Rooms, compute;
$5 to $12; Kas range, hot bath; adults.
, O'FARRELL. 12fi — 2 connecting housekeeping
rooms; Urge, sunny; running water; gas
range: $4; also single, .«•_".
O'FARRELL. 770. bet. Hyde and Larkln— a
unfurnished. $15. and 1 single furnished. $10.
O'FARRELL. 13S1. near Laguna. Ellls-st. car«
— Furnished housekeeping rooms; gas stovts
and every convenience.
O'FARRELL, 13*4-1395 — New sunny corner
housekeeping rooms at reduced pricesi
I PACE. 278 — '2 or 3 sunny furnished rooms for
hourckeeplng.
POST, 217, near Grant ave. — Lovely rooms for
light housekeeping: single or suite.
SACRAMENTO, 1490— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; running water: gas stoves;
reasonable. . r ,
i SHERWOOD place. 16%J. eff Third St.— 2 nlcs.
sunny, furnished front rooms for housekeep-
ing, or without.
BHOTWELL. 224— Four furnished housekeep-
lng rooms; parlor floor; yard; rent reason-
able. .
SOUTH PARK. 84 — Furnished room* for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
BTANYAN. 1111 — 4 large, sunny, unfurn. rroa.;
pantry, bath, up-to-date house; adults; reas>.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45— Two or three connect-
ing rooms; running water, gas range; com-
piete. ¦:¦-•¦••¦
THE Virginia. 1005 Powell st. — Complete for
hskpg.* furn. or unfurn. apartments: bay win-
' dnw. marine view, bath, range. Phone Red SU
THIRD. 314 — Housekeeping rooms "$2 and $2 SO
per week: also sleeping rooms.
REAL ESTATE — CITT — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
838 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY JULY 26. 1904
At our salesroom at 12 o'clock noon.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
South line of H st.. 82:6 feet east of Ninth
ave., 25x100 f«et. The property Is sewered
and side sewered; street on official grade.
OCEAN BOULEVARD BUILDING LOTS.
SE corner of Forty-ninth ave. and K st..
through to Forty-eighth ave.. 7 destrable
building lots; lot 30 foot frontage on Forty-
ninth ave., injoroved with 2 stows and 3-room
flat; will be sold in subdivisions.
NEW FLATS.
Northerly line of B st. 187 feet east of Fourth
ave.; lot ;t4x9S feet; Improvements consist of
2 new flats containing 5-6 - rooms, porcelain
baths, large reception room, electric lights
throughout, tiled bath room; elegantly finished
throughout; rent $52 50 per month; can be
bought on easy terms.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
No. 207 Duncan st., being the SW corner of
Dolores and Duncan sts.— Lot 61 :6xll4 feet with
L off Duncan st. *«2x48 feet; improvements
consist of a desirable residence containing tt
rooms and bath.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No 221B California St., west ot Buchanan —
Lot 27:6x137:0 feet; Improvements consist of a
2-story residence of 12 rooms, porcelain bath,
2 toilets; the place Is in excellent condition.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. |
Nos. 13.JG-3S-40 Chestnut St.. east of Frank-
lin; improvements consist of 3 flats of 6-4-4
rooms and bath; rent $49 per month; lot 27:6x
137:6 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 46I-461ii-461A-4«3-463tt-463A Mlnnast.,
east of Sixth, belnc between Fifth and Sixth
sts — Lot 3Cx75 feet; improvements consist of
6 flats of 5-5-5-5-6-6 rooms; brick foundation
of 3 feet; rent $107.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of West ave.. 143:9 feet east
of Mission St.— 5 building lots. Including tho
SW corner of West ave. and Patton st.
MISSION CORNER.
SW corner of Hoffman ave. and Twenty-
fourth ct. ( 25xS3 feet— An unsurpassed view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
West line of Goettlngen st.. 100 feet north of
Sllliman, being between Sllltman st. and Silver
avo. — Lot 50x100 feet; Improvements consist of
a new cottage containing 6 rooms and porce-
lain bath; finished basement; rooms all expen-
sively papered and frescoed: large stable for
eight horses, hay loft, etc.; take the Folsom-
»t. car and transfer at Twenty-eighth and Fol-
som sts. to the San Bruno road cars.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
No. 232 Third ave.. south of California st. —
Lot 27:Cxl20 reet: Improvements consist of an
elegant 2-story residence containing 9 rooms
and bath; hlsh basement; about 2 years old;
modern in every respect.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market Street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
$30,000 — 59 feet on Geary St.. close to Larkln.
running through to rear street. An apartment
hou.se erected on this lot would lease with good
security and pay handsome interest.
?15,0CO— Mission st., close to Ninth; 30-foot
frontage; dwelling of 0 rooms and basement;
brick foundation; renting for $45 per month;
lot alone worth the money asked.
<13.000 — 6 modern flats on Minna St.; 5-6
rooms and bath each; rents very low at $107
per month.
$12,500 — Magnificent corner; 79-foot frontage;
4 FUbstantial houses of 10 rooms' each; renting
for $118 per month; Jones St.; marine view.
$SC<iO— Building lot 23x120 feet; 2 frontages;
on Fulton St.. near Larkln.
$7500— Belvedere St.. clos» to Park Panhan-
dle; 2 beautiful Hats of 5-rt rooms and 'bath;
renting for ?(!2 50 per month.
f'COO— 2 beautiful tt-room flats; store below
with 4 living rooms; rent $60 per month; situ-
ated on Important corner in the Mission.
$6000— Buchanan st.. near Washington; large
lot: cottage rented for $25 per month.
.$5750— SUiner St.. near Hayes; 2-story build-
Ing of « rooms and bath; unsurpassed view.
$.-,.VX*— Clara st.; 3 first-class flats, modern
plumbing; rent $.12 60 per month; could be
easily tncreawd.
$4320 — 2 be?utlful sunny flats, containing 5-6
rooms and bath; modern throughout; mort-
gage $1500: rent $37 50 per month.
$4250 — 4 flats of 4 room* each: permanently
rer.ted; Clementina st.; rent $41 per month.
$3700 — Tv.'enty-third St., near Vicksburg; ex-
cellent 2-«tory house of 8 rooms and bath;
larsre stable In the rear of property.
£>0nf< — 2 cottages cm Liberty et., near Dolo-
reir; rent* $32 per month.
$2150— Sanchez st. cottage, near Eighteenth;
5 rooms and bath; 8-foot basement: beautiful
garden; property in first-class condition.
$2000^ — A positive snap; Mission cottage of 5
rooms; porcelain bath; all modern Improve-
ments; lot 25xl'5O feet: street work all done;
Eur?ka st.. near Twentieth.
{$250 — Positive sacrifice in lot on M it., near
Thirteenth ave.; 2S-foot frontage.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street.
FIRST time en the market. 4 fine level build-
ing lots, one corner, northwest corner ISth
and Douglass; bitumen streets, concrete
sidewalks; 2 car lines; Just the place for
houses or flats; only $C0 per front foot.
Where can you beat this?
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
$1 25 PER week; no Interest; lots in the Ex-
celsior Homestead Tract; all level: no grad-
ing to do: ready to build your little home
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room. 8.
A THREE-STORY pressed brick building in
Oakland ; three stores and 23 rooms above and
oil leased; lot 50x100; in the very business
center; building cost over $40,000 and lot Is
worth $20,000: this property can be bought
!or $37,000: I must have money at once.
Address Owner.' box 1258, Call office. Oakland
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on ycur property or buy you a lot;
$$ a month pays principal and interest on
each $10v0 of balance due. making your in-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
$500 DOWN: balance $25 per month: cottage
.'1 rooms and bath on 24th st. car line.
1 $2.800 — House of tf rooms and bath on West
Park St.; must sell, xoing away.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission et.
BLOCK of new Colonial flats near Park. 8
rooms, bath, cheap for ca«h: also on easy
> payments; B st.. bet. Cd and 4th aves.
MONEY at 6 per cent for the full cost of build.
Ings and part lot. Manhattan Savings Bank.
107-8 Crocker building.
1 ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
, CHEAPEST and best In America — Tha Weekly
Call. 16 ptiges. sent to any address In the
United Ptates or Canada one year for $L
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
. $200 PER acre — Two S-acre and one 4-acre
? tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads: last of this property left; cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
' splendid garden and magnificent trees: well
' built, old-fashione* house in good condition;
1 for sale at a bargain: 15. acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks— Land in best part of this dis-
'. trict; well sheltered and wooded; tn tracts of
from 4 to 25 acres; special terms to those
- bu'.ldlnc immediately.
J SELBY. RODGERS A CO.,
Tel»r>hnn> Main 073. 116 California st.
5 — —^^ — — .^ — — —^^ m
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale.
A COUNTRY home, situated in Sonoma Co.;
I fine location for raising poultry, being clos;
to markets; conslstins of 10 acres of choice
imprnv«I land, 8 acres In orchard, mostly
winter appUs; good house, big barn, brooder
1 and chicken houses and all necessary farm
1 ¦ implements. For further information inquire
at 235 Eighth St., 3d floor, San Francisco.
> ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue* sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
" 648 Market st.
* TWENTY acres land near Red Bluff: Cctton-
* wood colony; $67 5O net. Box 27 CO. Call.
<> REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
1. ,,....,..- -—.,¦... — ,.
* REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-808 CALL BUILDINO.
r It Is frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
¦ Ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
¦ Our long experience in this business enables
•• I us to often accomplish this double purpose by
~ only one transaction. The only condition we
¦t J make is that your property, if you wish us to
* dispose of It for you. MUST BE GOOD OP ITS
- KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
- worthless offerings, or . property so ' heavily
mortgaged as to leave no actual equity.
. If it has merit, whether you own real estate
1 or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
t brlrg n description of same to our office, »tat-
e Ing what kind of property you prefer In ex-
chiingt. and you will be surprised now quickly
- we can effect the result.
1. THI8 IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
: - STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
! the only company in San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
- vertlslng or any other purpose unless we pro-
1 cure an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
) cept.
H $2500 EQUITY In Berkeley residence to ex-
change » for unlncumbered. partly improved
a, or unimproved country property In the Rus-
9 slan River sectlor; Berkeley property cen-
e' slsts of 0-room residence. ' lot 45x134. with
1. stable and chicken-bouse; stone walks, grav-
!- eled drive; in desirable residence section;
near school, railroad ana electric lines. Ad-
dresa box 4927, Call office.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
jADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.,
Xo. W 4, Ninth st., Philadelphia. Pa.
A — WANTED — Girls • to learn halrdreesing.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now. for fall sea-
son; both reasons taught from start to flr.l?h
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk.up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
Hairdressincr. manicuring, massage, scalp treat-
ment, hair work, removal superfluous halr;$5 2
wks.; day. eve. class; positions secured, highest
v/ages. Removed from 1236 Mkt. to 133 Powell.
WANTED— Young girl for housework; 2 in
family; good home; references; wages $18.
5013 California et. and Twenty-second ave.;
Sutro cars.
A COMPETENT girl wanted for cooking and
downstairs work. Call. 10 to 12.2705 California.
6 I,ADY barbers wanted: guarantee $15 per
week. COLEMAN'8, Mutual Bank build-
ing, room 806.
GIRLS wanted— To make 6-pound grape bas-
kets. Capitol Basket Co.. 430 Fifth st.
STRONG girl for general housework: $25:
Call office, 81 Flood building.
MIDDLE-AGED single'woman to help In cof-
_ fee- house. Apply 31% Eighth et.
YOUNG lady wanted for office work: state
salary expected. Box 2457. Call office.
A PROFITABLE outing; piek hops In Aurn*t.
Write E. Clemens Horst. 122 Battery st..9.F.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED—MALE.
12 CARPENTERS, $4 day; carpenter for mine,
$3 day; woodsman. $40 and board; teamster
for lumber company. $2 75 day; screw turner.
$60 and' board; 2 farmers and wives, $35 and
$50 and found; man about place. $25 and
found; barker for redwood. $40 and found,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
MAN and wife for kitchen, boarding-school.
$50; boardlcg-hoOse cook, $40 and found;
chophouse cook, country, $35; dishwasher for
- camp. $H0 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
C42 Commercial st., near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER,
3 machine miners, north. $90: 20 laborers,
pipe and telephone line. $45 to $52 50 and
found: 8 laborers in mountains, part free
fare, $1 50 day and board; 20 men. mills,
woods, yards; 3 more carpenters, $80 and
found, company ¦work, eteady job; 2 carpen-
ters. $3 25 day- cook, camp, $55 and found;
waiter, camp, $30 and found.
AT HORD £ SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents, 1 95 Third st.
Teamster, city, $2 50.
Laborers for Monterey County. $2 25.
This Job will last all summer.
Florence. Art*., laborers. $2.
1050 miles, fare $10 50.
Laborers for quarry, near city. $1 75.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2C Montgomery st..r.i;
— Pantryman who can make salads, $.'{5.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
wash goods salesman. Apply between 9 anc
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experiencec
drapery talesman. Apply between 9 and 1)
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Cash boys from 13 to 15 years e:
age. Applv between 9 and 11 a. m. a
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is an experlence<
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 1
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG m*n everywhere,' copy letters, homi
evenings. $9 50 week; send addressed en
velope for . iiartirulars. Manager Dept. W 4
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
. ERRAND "boiT wanted; must have references
steady oosition and advancement fcr righ
boy. KIRK. GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary st.
WANTED — A boy to work in machine shop
California Fruit Canners' Association. Van
dtwater St.. near Taylor.
WANTED — A man for nieht Janitor to clean
Etor»' dry goods house; references and bond
required. Address F. L., box 2307. Call.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talktx. eager to make money. F. PER-
EON, 477 and 478. Parrott building.
BARBER for Saturday nights and Sunday
forenoons. 219 Br-^adway.
BOY wanted in tin shop. f^» Mission st.
WANTED — First-class car builders. Apply at
210 Fremont st.
RELIABLE man: light work: steady employ-
mtnt; call to-day. 1118 Market st., room 1.
WANTED — S-:cond waiter; call early. New
Golden Gate Hotel, 164 Fourth st. .
LUNCH wanter wanted. C29 Davis st.
BOY wanted as plumber's helper. 678 Geary
street.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; no reasonable of-
fer refused. 1000 Valencia st.
WELL paying barber shop for eale; party go-
ing East. Inquire 207 Day street.
WANTED — A second operator on v»»sts; one
that can make brea*t pockets; a steady po-
sition. Apply B. THOMAS, 49 Geary st.
S. N. WOOD CO.
WANTED — A boy's and children's clothing
salesman; one experienced. S. N. WOOD
& CO.
_""__ " ALL " "
Men to learn the BARBER TRADE; only
eight weeks required; positions secured; con-
stant practice and expert instruction; special
offer ana catalogue mailed free.
MOHLER SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
AN experienced, sober, industrious hat man to
take charge of a hat department in a store
rltuated not far from San Francisco: would
prefer an unmarried man from 25 to 30
years of age. Address box 1802, Call office.
BARBER shop in Western Addition; good
Etand; Sow expense; can be bought very
reasonable. Stoltz Barber Supply House,
723 Market st.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market et.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros Co. School of Practical
Plur.'blng; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Estton ave., St. Louis. Mo.
MEN and women to learn the barber trade in
five werki>: new method: paid while learn-
lng. HAIGHT8. C47 Commercial st.
TliY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; four living: rooms;
enap. Box 2328. Call office.
BARBERS— 3 barber chairs for sale for $1(
the lot. 1891 Folsom st.. near Fifteenth.
FIRST-CLASS curtain and drapery salesman.
Box 232». Call.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid whll«
learning. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
' A YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon. Ap-
; Piy SCHRADER BROS-. 1372 Market »t.
• BARBER shoo for sale cheap. In Mission dte-
; trict. Inquire H. BARNARD. 104 Seventh.
WANTED— One-chair barber shop on Install-
ments; city or country. 3510 Twenty-flfth st.
GENERAL tailor for country. Apply REIES
" BROS., 24 Sutter st.
. BARBERS— For sale, good paying two-chali
barber shop. Corner Fourteenth and Folsom.
• A profitable outing; pick hops In August. Wrltf
; E.CLEMEN8 HORST CO..122Battcr y st..S.F.
• LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
» Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy. r. 418.
¦ BAILORS and young men (green hands) foi
• ship*. HALLBERT. 817 Jackson st.
1 PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls. r.40. Phelan bldg.
. Past Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
! BAILORS and ordinary seamen for alt parts ol
1 the world at HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart st.
' WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar
ket— 700 rooms; 85c night; reading-rooms
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
A BRANCH office of The Call for the receptiot
of advertisements and subscriptions has beec
r opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth
Open until II P. ra.
LAUNCHES FOR HEBE. ;
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay 1
"st. : for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 5S4.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf; boat- 8
ing A excurelons. 5 Steuart st. :tel. John 2686.
MATRIMONIAL. j
YOUNG Irishman who owns a ranch In Sonoma
County would like to meet an Irish or Irish-
American girl; object matrimony. Box 23U8,
Call office.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process)- excellent carpet Cleaning. HOPKH
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
_¦ MEDICAL. -
LADIES If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 yrs. DR. R. H.
WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
LADIES desiring safe, sure andi quick relief
. from Irregularities consult me: my method* "
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex- -i
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market et.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR WYETH. epeciall6t for all female '.
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 828 Post St. '
MRS. DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe. I ;
male troubles and irregularities; instant re- 1
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opp. 5th. .
VALPEAU'lT female pills; best regulating pills (
Bold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets,- price *5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale drugelsts. Seventh and Broadway, .
Oakland. \
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or .
In trouble consult this specialist on female <
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the mc*t difficult cases treated: •
advice free._^>fflce_101S Market gt. I
MRS. DR."GWYER.7?iMA Leavenworth st., be- •
tween Geary and O'Farrell. :
I DR. and MRs7~DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS; ¦
j original method of treatment. 1126 Market. '<
LADIE.S' Irregularities cured; 18 years' ex.; ,
private. DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny st.
LADIES— Kumround ; safe. cure, never fails: •
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay. •
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale — 1000 cuckoo clocks, elegantly carved;
good time-keepers; nice for presents; tradt
supplied. J. B. WHITNEY. 120 Sutter St..
room 12.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
• etc. WHITELAW, 2.V5-255 Spear St.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEKf S, 137 Mont-
gomery St., room 12. upstairs.
GENTS' full dress. Prince Albert and Tuxedo
suits to rent at LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
DIAMONDS, watches and Jewelry for sale on
small weekly payments. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
J. COOPER, gents' full-drees rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 8tockton »t.,
* upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
• . charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ENGINEER'S transit for sale cheap. A. B. C,
411 Market st.
CHOICE homers Cheap; runt crosses $1 50 pr. ;
other fancy varieties. C.Wllson,i£9«4;tevenson.
BARGAIN — Cylinder press, type,' racks. GA-
BRIEL PRINTING CO., 419 Sacramento st.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $80; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgomery gt.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C C. O'DONNELL. 1021 % Market st.
SCHOOL books bought and exchanged. King's
1 Old Book Store. 61 McAllister st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market at.
SAFES and desks; new and second-hand; prices
right at Rlchardaon Bros.'. 1816 Market st.
1 EDISON Phonograph Agency, Peter Bad-
galupi, moved to 786 Mission et.
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 319 Third St.; tel. Main 413.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et.
MOVING pictures, magic fanterns. sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard &. Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and secona-hand. E. B. BECK
, &. CO.. 122 Market et. j-
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ¦
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal' card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
'• HIGHEST price paid for castoff clothing Tel>
Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
; TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
' DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 872 Mission; phone Bush 467.
> - jiONEVJTO WAl^
: AAA^HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates second mortgages, undivided inter-
! csts; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
j See HERMAN MURPHY.
"¦ WILL LOAN " "
- A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
/' Mortgage, on real estate or ,
Chattels, In city, town
or country. .
Low rate of Interest.
"*> Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
* Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office.
I 8/.LARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
¦ • Ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one;confldentlal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bldg.
1 HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
t per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market; tel. Main XC44. Branch. 10 Third.
t MONEY ioaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protected
¦ trom burglaries by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
- MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
* chants, teamsters, boardlns-houees, without
security; easy payments; larse business In 46
! principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldr.
. THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
t elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
t absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
t ; — ; "•¦ ¦
4 MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market «t.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
" 1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
' no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick.
£ quiet, confidential- 2ft Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan at low Interest: gold, sliver,
" diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
8 at ,W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Sixth st.
•- MONEY loaned oc salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
* Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
o ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual; gav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
d STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
[; . employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bic. bldg.
P ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
n 8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
1. no.com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. '6 Eddy at.
i- 1% PER cent on furniture and pianos; no com.
t. charged. ELFVINO. 616 Hearst bid.. Ex. ent.
" CASH loaned salaried. people on notes without
, tndorser. MORELL. 608 Examiner building.
MONET TO JLll^j?S? til^^^~.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl- E
ture, indorsed notea and other security. 8.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
average rooms, big pianos for large parlors, a
halls, etc.: piano* for rent at $1 per mo., a
soma at $-, a larse number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered for the t
money, in S. F.); a fine llnt> of elegant large t
pianos for ?4 and $5 per mo.; over 150 in- „
strumojits to select from, all of them good fl
bargains to buy as well as rent; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes st. „
A FEW exceptional bargains; all uprights: J
Heine grand, $475; Gabler. $350; Krell. $375; 5
Heine, $235; Stelnway. $325; Mason & Ham- r
lin. $2S5; Knabe, $100; Fischer, $115; Behr i
Bros.. $187; Crown, $140; Kimball, $65; Em- °
erson. $123; Occidental, $40; Conrard, $97;
Collard, $05; investigate our new rent and T
purchase system; $2 per month up. HEINE .
PIANO CO.. 2U5-237 Geary st.; Oakland. J
1252 Broadway. . r
A FEW good uprights, returned from rent,
comprising such makes as Chlckerlng, Vose, .
Steinway, Steck, Sterling, Curtai, Neuman, ,,
Erard, Halnes and many others; prices rea- t
oonable; easy terms; all guaranteed. BEN-
JAMIN CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
I A PIANO free for one month; if you want to 1
1 rent ftfter that money applied on purchase r
1 price. HEINE PIANO CO., 237 Geary st. i
' VALUABLE old viotin for sale. Address box
24»9. Call office. . e
ONE month piano rent free on pianos rented e
in July and August. BRUENN. 225 Sutter. c
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $136. 237 Ueary st. c
$00 FOR a fine upright. If you want a bargain i
call at HORNUNG'S, 21G McAllister sjL
GOOD standard upright piano for sale; $55. f
STATHAM, 110 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauasy pianos. Cecelia n piano c
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st. j
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay- f
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. J
3-PEDAL Stei.iway up; Chickering baby grand; «
Khonlnser, little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell. »
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 915 — To rent for term of years, one- '
half of store-room; best retail location in '
6an Francisco. Apply to WHITE SEWING '
MACHINE COMPANY. 300 Post st. '
TO let — Store and bar; 4 rooms; stable, 4 stalls;
can be used for anything. Apply 338, Thlr- ;
tleth st. J
PERSONALS. ]
A— MME. GILLINGHAM, J
Complexion Hpecialiat, has opened offices at
131 Powell St., between O'Farrell and Ellis; ,
she guarantees to remove every wrinkle, 1
crowsfeet. bagginess of the eyes, freckles, ]
lost contour, smallpox pitting*, ttc. ; makes
you a new face, with genuine baby skin; ,
all consultation free and confidential, either :
by mall or person; I will take patients for
the next 30 days at greatly reduced rates.
A SUIT cr overcoat, including one extra pants
free, made to order for $15; why buy on in-
stallments or ready made if you can get bar-
gains like this? Agents wanted. LEON
LEMOS. 1127 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scadp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses rcalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
A REPUTABLE physician of 12 years' experi-
ence treats drug habits by the safest meth-
ods; correspondence solicited; strictly con-
fidential. Box .'{234. Call office.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
ekln, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. -Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32s Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer tn
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
AA— OLD tableware neatly plated as good as
new; knives, forks and spoons done very
reasonable. 912 Howard st.
ATTENTION— Cut this out; superfluous hair,
moles, warts kilted by absorption; $1; perm.
Beatrice St. .John, Hair Spec., 420 Sutter gt.
AT less than coat; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
¦down and Jl 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT,
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
BEST white lead, 7c per pound; special to
BUTCHER, 741 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Mrs.Dr.A.W.Traverse,1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress "pan rs~ $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Actlna restores lost eyesight; enres deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
A— MME. LYMAN. scientific palmist, recently
from East. 510 Eddy St.; phone Polk 4*511.
: ¦ ¦ ' ' 1
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEd£na, at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market et.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
102U& Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
• BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED-^DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHT, , successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74U-S Clay si.
DR WONG HON. 319 Powell Ft., tea and herb
sanitarium: diseases skillfully treated.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
' A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.,'nr. Third: phono Grant 161.
; A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel. South 750
2 CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, prea.;
. furniture moved, packed, .shipped and stored.
s PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
1 flee Post tnd Powell sta.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan- ,
: dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
I GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
» Mission »t.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. .2320 Fiilmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
- BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
; nt.. tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWJCNQJgA^HroE^ABTD^gUPPJ&IES.
" DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
; price- all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
. tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
~. jnrPEJWRrrERS AND SUPPLIES.
1 AN exceptionally rood No. 2 Remington, No, 1
Smith Premier. $25; other 'typewriters at
1 Mghcr and lower prices; rentals $2 30. The
j Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
:, Webster Tvpewritlng Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
- DIJTOEND NOTIOES.^^^^^^
'• CLAREMONT OIL COMPANY on August 1,
Z 1904. will pay a dividend (No. 2) of one (lc)
, cent per share, on Its Issued capital stock.
Transfer books close on Tuesday. July 26,
1904. at 1 o'clock p. m.
On August 20, 1904, will pay an extra
- dividend of one (lc) cent per share von Its
1. ' Issued capital stock. Transfer books close
:. Monday. August 15. 1904. at 1 o'clock p. m.
Payable at its office, room 731 Mills bulld-
t Ing. Kan Francisco. . . .
;. ' GEO.' J. REMINGTON, Secretary.
HELP WANTED — MALE — Contlnnad.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 58 IS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 \\ e Gave 1904 We Hope to
00.000 Men Work. . Increase 60.000.
SANTA FE R.R.
Is good to us, we are good to you.
920 Miles. ARIZONA. $9 20.
Via Prescott. " 8 p. ra. daily.
Drillers, $3 to $3 50. • Center
Teamsters, $2 to $2 50. of
Laborers, $2 to $2 50. Great Mines.
BIG. GOOD MINES.
25 laborers, you'll suit, $07 50.
15 miners, $S2 50.
4 furnace men, $40 and found.
3 tlmbermen. $S2 50 and found.
Foreman, gold and copper mine, $25 and fa.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, 10c fare, $3 day.
0 carpenters, city Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
Handy man. help carpenter, $2 day.
Upholeterens. fare $1. $50 and room.
3 carpenters and stair builders, $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher shop work, fare 30c, $40 found.
Butcher shop, 25c fare, boss here, $50 found.
Young man drive butcher wagon, 10c fare,
?10 week.
Butcher, all-round man, Ala. Co., boss here.
Butcher, tend market, drive wagon and
slaughter.
BLACKSMITHS.
12 blacksmiths, different jobs. $3 to $4 day.
Blacksmith, no shoeing, little wood work,
$3 da;-. \
Carriage blacksmith, fare $1 25. $3 to $3 50 <
day.
Blacksmith. Monterey Co.. $2 50 day.
t Blacksmith, far? 25c, $3 day.
HOTEL DEPT.
Cook, city hotel, $o0 and found.
2 second cooks, city and country hotels, $35
and found.
2 waiters, camps, city. $50 and $25 found.
Walter, mine, southeast. $30 and found.
%Valter. camp, fare $1 50. $30 and found.
12 cooks, different places. ?30. $50, $C0.
6 waiters, $30 to $40 and found.
4 waiter boys, $25, $20 and found.
12 dishwashers, $0 $7, $S week.
Bedmaker. $15 and found; dishwasher, $15
and found, hotel.
Laundryman, institution, $40.
4 porters: 2 bellboys.
3 men. private residences, $25 and found. j
FOR LUMBER COMPANIES, ETC. j
Gang edgerman, boss here. $75.
NlKht buggy washer and harness cleaner,
$17 .V) week. .
Tallyman, lumber company, fare $2, $40 fd.
Cement finisher, country.
Heal donkeyman, woods, fare $2. $65 fd.
Man, large vinegar plant. $20 week.
Head lineman, woods, $75 and found.
Shingle jointer, country. $35 and found.
2 men, make sash weights, city Job.
Machinists. 4 plumbers. $4.
SIX IRON MOLDBRS.
3 wheelwrights, carriage works.
Grader, lumber company, north, $90.
Tail edserman, fare $3, $2 25 day.
Spooltender, lumber company, south, $50 fd.
12 coopers, slack work, steady, 10c barrel.
2 lumber graders, boss here. $90.
Lumber grader, boss here, $3 day.
Gang edgerman. lumber company, $75.
3 men make staves and split staves, red-
wood, boss here, $30 found; 2 screw turners;
2 carrln.ee setters: hook tender; 5 -shingle
packers.
Gang charcoal burners, 10c to 15c sack.
FARMS— DAIRIES— STABLES.
12 milkers, $30. $35. $40 found.
12 farmers, $3<) found.
14 chore men, boys. $30 to $15 found.
12 stablemen, $30 found. $00. $75.
4 farmers and wives. $40, $50. $fi0 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
T6~~LOS ANGELES, $4 60.
By Santa Fe R. R., 6 p. m. dally.
l.'»5 teamsters, $1 60.
The land of sunshine, fruit and flowers.
Highlands. Redlands. Riverside.
Pomona, center of orange and lemon groves.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
Farmer and wife, Santa Clara Co., $45 fd.
Farmer and wife. Shapta County. $05 fd.
MURRAY & READY. B34-630 Clay st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
j GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
! to 5Qo. .*ifl-T Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAMTED— SALESMEN.
SALESMEN wanted — Agents. dealers and
ttorekeepers, start in business for yourself
on our capital: we make men's fine clothing
to measure and ycu can sell our perfect fit-
ting, highest class tailoring at a good profit
for as little money as others retail ready
made goods; you can control entire local
trade with our line; fail line 350 up-to-date
styles of woolens, fashion displays, etc., now
ready and furnished free. A great oppor-
tunity: write to-day for full particulars and
exclusive territory; experience not absolutely
necessary. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept.
A. Waphirgtnn boulvd. and Union, Chicago.
HJORMS^NDJWAOONS^
FOR SALE— 2 PAIRS OF HACKNEY-BRED
HORSES. 4 AND 5 YEARS OLD: EX-
TRAVAGANT ALL-ROUND ACTION:
SOUND AND THOROUGHLY BROKEN TO
ALL ROAD NUISANCES. APPLY JAY &
fclDEBOTTOM. REDWOOD CITY: PHONE
216 SUBURBAN.
GOOD second-hand hack, top rockaway, -tan-
dem and lady's village cart, top wagon and
phaeton, cheap at O'BRIEN'S, cor. Polk st.
and Golden Gate ave.
' FOR Kale — 35 head of broke and unbroke
horses weighing from 1100 to 1300 pounds.
Inquire at 1045 Union st.
AUCTION sale every Tuesday; horses, wagons,
surreys, buggies, carts and harness; at 1140
Folsom st.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR aale — A saddle horse, very stylteh, sound
and perfectly gentle; lady can ride him. Ad-
dresa box 10C0. Call office.
FOR sale — 1 large platform wagon, 3 express
wagons. 1 covered wagon for camping. 233
Beale st.
NICE little saddle mare; young, sound, gentle;
$100> Pennsylvania Stable. 1523 Howard st.
FOR sale — An easy riding buggy; good run-
ning order. Box 2229, Call office.
BAY horse, 8 years old, for sale; weighs 1100
lbs; high bred; price $100. Box 2271. Call.
NEW and second-band wagons, all kinds, at
1615 Market St.. opp. Franklin.
WAGONETTES, surreys.buggles. wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOU^ESJTO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let;send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 20 Montgomery.
$37 50— SUNNY 0-room house. 1882 Green
st.. near Iji.upr.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
i TAYLOR. 1416. nr. Jackson, overlooking bay —
i Comfortably fur.house,7 rooms, bath; open 1-4.
1 PIERCE, 47. cor. Duboce Park — Desirable new.
sunny cottage: 7 rooms; furn. or unfurn. .
¦ COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — To rent a 4 or n room cottage, with
I yard, .in the Mi6tion. 126^ Langton st.
INyESTMENTS. ¦
1 $100 INVESTED will net laree returns in a
' frw months. No stocks of any kind for sale,
neither is tt a cet rich quick scheme, but it
; Is an investment that will bear closest in-
1 vestlgatlon and In which vour money is well
secured. MORRILL & MEYER. 225 Parrott
) building. Kan Francisco.
• INVALID CHAIRS.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel. Park 775.
lost and rouxro.
. FOUND — The next three months, choicest cut
flowers and all descriptions floral work at
cne-third the regular prices; under contract
and must sell: 2 stores, 311 Sutter and 1204
Butter. SHIBELEY. THE FLORIST.
' LOST — Eyeglasses, red "Henry Kahn" ease,
going from Turk and Devisadero it*, to Cali-
I fornla and Devisadero. Return to 1111
Devisadero St.; reward. - -
» LOST— A pass book with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Society ot San Francisco In the
'. name of Annie II. Lowder, No. 22fl.2'J5.
The finder will please return to bank.
: LIBERAL reward; gold bar breastpin, solitaire
f ¦ttiamond center: rift of deceased. Return to
MRS. CARLETON. 1234 Market st.
. LOST — A cane, between 003 Sutter st. and
Harbor View. Return to 903 Sutter; reward.
f LOST— Sunday, a string of gold beads on trip
to San Rafael. 1911 Pine st.; reward.
" LADY'S gold watch; E. A. Jones name on
• dial. Kindly return to 10 Natoma: reward.
' LOST — Gold watch, Monday night; liberal re-
» ward; no questions. H. LOCKE. 15 Middle st.
. LOST— 1 Initial enamel sleeve button; "RIJ.E."
Reward U returned to 331 Geary st.
1S82 Green
Continued on Paso Fourteen.
ESEFLOTaXESTT WAirrED— filaj©— Con.
PRESENT employers want pc*ltlcn aa book-
keeper or cashier for a tried, trusty, capable
and thoroughly honest man; consolidation of
two firms necessitates hls> resignation, which
present employers accept unwillingly and re-
rretfuili;. Bex 2S1S, Call office.
ENGINEER war.ts position; baa had 25 yean*
experience; can furnish best of reference;
xvculd take position as handy man around
machinery Box 2S21. Call office.
TOl'XO nian <5erire» position as cashier with
$150 for security. Addresa 31S Fourth at.,
fan . Francisco, Cal.
EXPERT mechanic, tool deslrner, etc; 10
years in charge; high-grade Eastern refer-
?•nceis. Box 1951, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
in family cr boarding-house. T. J.. 1002 Du-
pont st.
A CHINESE echoolboy wants to clean office or
cook far Email family. Address Y. S., 90fl
Clay st.
CHINEFE good cook d'flres a place in family;
city references. Box 2703. Call; phone China
14U. between 10 and 12 a. to.
JAPANESE faithful young man desires a
plate as schoolboy or plain housework In
good family; has experience. FRANK TASU,
__care Ifie Co.. 207 Batten' et., city.
A JAPANESE young boy wants & position as
cook in family; city or country. K. M., 931
Sacramento st.
JAPANESE, honest echoolboy. wants position
in smail f airily: do rooking and wait on ta-
ble. JOE. 0 Meacham place.
A JAPANESE boy wishes a position as an ep-
rrer.tice in a photographic studio; has much
experience. T. M . 225 Jessie et.
JAPANESE war.ts position aa nice waiter on
table or cook in family. J. N., tel. Scott
MX. 1225 Devisadero st.
A JAPANESE boy wants position to work in
<!rug or Jewelry store. NAKAYAMA. &09
Bush at.
JAPANESE first-class eo-jk wants position in
private family; have references. EMOTO,
110 Golden Gate ave.
A JAPANESE boy wishes a position as an
apprentice in a photographic studio; has
much experience. T. M.. 535 Jessie et.
JAPANESE couple want places; nan as cook;
wife waiter: have references. 1206 Ean
Pablo ave., Oakland.
JAPANESE wante situation cleaning and dye.
;ng cloth: with best experience. F. ODA-
ML'RA. 41SB Larkln «t.
JAPANESE would like to work one hour to get
nice room near downtown, GEORGE, 432
Putter et.
A JAPANESE boy war.ts t<> work as schoolboy.
HERAO. 190S Polk et.: rhone Larkin 1017.
A r.OOD Japanese wants to do housework. F
NAG ATA. 1&0S Polk Ft.; phone Lerkln 1017.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position a!
schoolboy. 14«4 Fulton st. ; phone Page 4075,
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. 539 Stevenson St., FRANK YUDATE
•JAPANESE ecboolboy wants a position U
work; can do cooking. FUJI. S50 Jesrie st.
EXCHANGE.
I HAVE tone nicely located lots in city wll
exchange fcr automobile. Address box 2212
Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
AM derirable vacant houses and flats are list
*d In our free renting department: over lOOi
in number; a combined list from all agencies
let us give you a list and help you to flm
a place: we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1(T>9 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list
n-i-vlc absolutely frt-e: take advantage o
this department; it wi!l rave you time ard
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259
Ge&ry St.. on the square.
JC<")E. 10."0 — Beautiful new flat; sunny corner:
.' r • ::.h and bath; all modern improvements;
convenient to Castro and L'ith-n. cars.
CAPTRO, 421. nr. 17lh — funny belt: modern
upper French sunny 11 rooms; balcony;
grand vifw; conv. for 2 families: $10: Ftable.
MODERN" 5-rocm flat; rent $17. Apply at 1W0
Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
NEW elfjrant flats, fi rooms, bath; near Park,
tinted: $22 50. B st. and Fourth ave.
CMOSf, OX2 — Marine view, runny: 5 rooms.
BT'SH. 12O3V4 — 4 rooms: rent $11. Apply
120TA IJush et.
GROVE. 7JH> — Modem middle flat; 6 rooms;
bath; storeroom; adults.
HARRISON, K2S— Fine modern new flat of 0
raeovj reasonable to responsible party.
LAKE. 742— New 6-rocm fiat; rent $25; ma-
rine view.
S-': — NDV sunny 6 rooms; all modern: no car
fare. Lercy place. Pacramer.to and Jones.
FLAT of 4 rcoms. bath, cellar and yard. 324
Walier et.
FII.LMORE. 1124. corr.er — 7 large, light rooms
ani tath; modern: rent $40.
NKW "'.rpant flat*. 6 rooms, bath; near Park;
tinted; $25. B st. and Fourth ave.
MASONIC ave.. 1304A. near Waller st.— A
modern flat of 7 e-jnny rooms; rent $30.
LARGEST li»t r.f house? and flats to let. Call
DO LYC'.N" A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
rLATSjrOJLET— FUR3TISHED .
HAIGHT. 1298. Buena Vista, cor. Central ave.
— Eiegantly furnished flats; also unfurnished;
t.cust: has all convenience* and Is situated in
*»iect neighborhood.
ITVDH. 7"1 — Beautifully furnished, modern flat
7 rooms; piano, phone; rent $50; 2 to 4 p. m.
Cr.AJ:Y. 2103— Cozy flat: newly furnished;
rtnt $35; or will sell: $300.
„ r^ATS FOR SALE— FURDTISHED.
7- ROOM flit, furnished, for sale; rent $37 50.
Uox 1974. Call efflce.
NEW furniture of 6-ronrn flat complete for
• eale. Box 'J274. Call efflce.
gURMTTURE FOR SALE.
VOU <-a.n buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. Brilliant's
Furniture Co.. 340 Pest *t.. near Powell.
'GOING East; will sell all cr part of furniture-
call at once. 1224 Park av».. Alameda.
Ardcnon Auction House, 10 Turk, nr. Mat ket.
furnishes everything for the house ;low prices.
KTUNTTUItE stoves, bought, i-old. exchanged
Career. *X Valencia.nr.ieth.Tel.Church 3S79.
gUHjUTUgE ~WAgTE~p7
_ , ABE LEVY. ""*"
Ea.etroora. HD5 Market et. Tel. Jessie 761
Don t sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture. etc. until you get his estimate.
™^JL*~ «lFSil t o'rn<£ KOOd C0DllUIon -
CIIAS. LEVY & <JO. pay highest price for fur-
nlttire.carpets.etc. ~h Mission: tel. Da»h 413.
_^^_ HELl^^WAirrED FEKALE.
WANTED— German oT~F^ch~~c^ok!; $30*-
***?**£%* *v r $ clIc « tMi «=n. P'es and dough-
""i"'*^' 0 ',! 3 " 1 , ? nun>es f ° r orphanage. $20
and S_5; 18 g-rls for general housework in
city and country. $10 and $30; young Ger-
man cock, $oO; your.g tiureeglrl. $15- 2 sec-
ond elrls. $20 end $25; 4 chambermaids and
waitresses, city and country hotels $25-
cook, country hotel, $35; Protestant girl fo^
housework. Redwood City. $35- girl for
housework, very nice place. Alameda $.10-
ironer on ladies' Ungerie for summer 'hotel'
$23; 2 restaurant waitresses $8 per weelc!
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO . 334 Sutter
WANTED— Girl to cook and do light house-
work; 2 tn family; Palo Alto. Call 9 to I"
room 213. second floor. Hotel St. Nicholas'
Ninth and Market st*.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmer Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED— Younr woman who is an expert"
enced <!ry goods wrapper. Apply between £
and II a. n. tt HALE BROS.'
'WANTED— A refined young lady as com pan-
ion to lady and assist in lirht housework-
reference required. 418 Montgomery st. '
w ANTED — A Scandinavian or German woman
to assist forenoons in kitchen. Call ai
CIO Turk rt.. after 1 p. m.
WANTED— A younr girl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply 1805 Laguna st.
WOMAN to wash napkins. 812 Kearny rt.
EXPERIENCED saleslady (steady) for cand]
ctor«. 1409 Polk et.; call after 10 a. m.
F - OR^ISff-r^^g^ HAVE VARIETY OTVIIERCHANDISE-500 Con Cal & V.I 101 200 Fotosl IB i
1OO Oould & Cur. 121.700 Potosl 20'
200 Justice 14| COO Sierra Ner ... 25 '
ino Mexican fW\ 100 Union Con ... 24 1
100 Ophir 2
Afternoon Session.
ion Alpha OOI 300 Guold & Cur.. 13
2fiO Belcher 1«| 3f<0 Mexican fi8 :
HO Rest & Belch. 71! 400 Ophtr 2 60 i
,30O Bullion 17 50O Overman 14
* IM Chollar 19 200 Potosl lg
400 Con Imperial Cl 100 Union Con ... 25:
100 Exchequer ... 40| 400 Yellow Jacket. 21
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
* Morning Session.
200 Chollar IS! 2fi0 Potosl 19
2no Con Cal & V.I 10( 200 Sierra Nev . -> s !
500 Con Imperial oil 1OO Silver Hill .. 4s ¦¦
100 Mexican fcfii 200 Silver Hill ... po
'.•00 Mexican 8S1 100 Union Con ... 24
r.00 Potosi lIDl
Afternoon Session.
ino Chollar I»l 100 Mexican SU
200 Chollar 1R 100 Ophlr '243
L'f'O r O n Cal & V.I lOJ. r>0 Ophir .2 55
r.r.O Con Imperial Oil 100 Overman 14
200 Mexican SS| 100 Overman 15
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ¦ \'
2H0 GiMdfield 10511000 Ton Gold Mt. 17
3fWV> MncNamara . MMISOO Ton Gold Mt IS
1000 MacNamara . 5311000 Ton Midway.. 47
300 MacNamara . 4!>| 1C0 Ton Midway. . 4%
2O0O N T Ton . .'. 03 800 Ton Midway. . 49
lfifiO RayftO'flrlcn 11 200 Ton N Star.. 3! I
. r i00 Ray & O'Brlt? n 10 500 United Ton .. 09
2000 Rescue lOj
Af tern om. Session.
S."iOrt Columbia ... 27l 450 Mont Ton . ..2 40
T.'OO Esprranza ... C2I 700 N. T Ton .... 03
SfiOO Goldfield B&B 15|l0Ort Ton Gold Mt. 17
ffOO (loLlfielrt Ton. 10! 1000 Ton Gold Mt 1(5
1000 Goldfleld Ton. til 500 Ton Midway. . 4«
3100 MacNamara . 5011 COO Ton Midway.. 49
1000 MncNamara . 52H00O Ton Midway.. S2
SfCO MacNamara . 53 100 Ton N Star. . 32
500 MacNamara . 49 500 United Ton . . 09 ,
100 Mont Ton.. 2 42V4I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"WEDNESDAY. July 20— 4 p. m. .
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha OS 10 Justice 14 15
Alta 05 07 Kerituek 02 04
Andes in 20iK. Graessler.. - — l 20
Belcher 17 18|Lady Wash .. — c.d
lien & Belch. 70 72iMexlcan. S."» sd
Bullion 17 18IOccldental .... no 01
Caledonia 52 5S|Ophir 2 50 2 55
Challenge ... 20 22 1 Overman ..... 15 jfl
Chollar ...... 1R irt|Potosl <17 19
Confidence ... 70 75|Pcorplon .....j 09 11
Con Cal & V.I 10 1 151 Savage 25 26
Con Imperial — - C2lS*jr Belcher. .. or rj5
Con N Y frt 041 Sierra Nev ... 24 25
Crown Point, n 14l Silver Hill ... 50 53
East Sierra N 03 061 St Louis .... — os
Eureka Con.. 50|SyndIcate .... — 03
Exchequer . . . .IS 40 Union Con ... 24 25
Houid & Cur. 12 1.1 Utah 11 13
Hale & Norc. . C9 72 Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia ;0ti Cfi|
TONOPAH MINES.
Esperanza ... 02 03 Rescue ....... JO 11
Gold Anchor. — 2S Ton Belmont.. 71 73
Goldfleld .... 95 1 00 Ton & Cal.... 15 —
Gold Mt Con. 01 . 02 Ton Cash Boy. 12
Hannapah .. 25 — Ton Exten.. . — t 02%
Jim Butler .. 60 75 Ton Fraction.. 20 —
Llttlo Ton -.. * — 65 Ton & Gt W. 05 — :
Lucky Tom.. 03 — Ton Gold Mt. 16 17
MacNamara.. 50 51 Ton . Midway. . 48 49
Mlzpah Exten ¦"— 25 Ton of Nev.. .8 00 8 25
Mont Ton.. 2 37% 2 40 Ton N Star.. 27 32
N T Ton...'.- 03 05 Ton & 8 Lake 65 —
Paymaster .. -04 05 Ton Superior.. — 06
Pine / Grove:. 50 — Ton Union ..10 —
Ray, Exten.. — 08 United Ton .. — 09
Ray & O'Brien 09 11 Utopia ....... 10 —
Ral .Ton .... — 10 West End .... 20 25
Red Tod ...; 11 12|
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
One variety of bamboo is cultivated
as a vegetable and the young shoots
eaten like asparagus, or they may be
salted, pickled or preserved.
A New Tork department store em
ploys a "social secretary," whose duty
is to look after the welfare of sales
women and cash girls.
region being particularly gtfbject to
rapid changes in humidity and conse
quent dense fogs. There is no light or
any other warning signal on the rocks,
mariners being obliged to depend upon
other resources to avoid striking it. It
is clearly charted, however, and every
mariner knows how to keep clear of it
unless, as In the case of a fog, he gets
off his course and cannot get back
again.
So long-ago as 16SS there is a record
of a wreck on Rockall. In Martin's
"Voyage to St. Kilda," published in
1698, Is mentioned a crew of French
men and Spaniards whose ship was
wrecked at Rockall in 1688 and who
made their way in their overladen pin
nance to St. Kilda, where they were
hospitably received.
Lost $10,000 Dollar Bill.
Nearly fifteen years ago a man en
tered the First National Bank of Den
ver and walked into the office of David
H. Moffatt, the president of the bank.
He had a bottle in his nand that he
said contained nitro glycerin and
threatened to blow up the bank unless
he was given a large sum of money.
Mr. Moffatt sent for the money and
among the bills was one of $10,000 de
nomination. Recently the Government
called in all ten thousand dollar bills
and the one given by Mr. Moffatt is
the only one that has not been pre
sented for redemption. No trace of the
man who got the money was ever
found. — New York Tribune. ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Arrived July 20— Sohr Esther
Buhne. from Honolulu; schr Jtsifi A Gar
field, from Redondo; «chr Jes«te Minor, henc*
July 1; schr Transit, from San Pedro; bktn
Newsboy from Hllo; bktn Portland, henc«
July 8.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 20— Stmr Na
tional City, for San FrancUco.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived July 20 — Schr
Camano. hence July 9.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 20— Stmr CotUg*
City, from Skarway.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Paesed In July 20— Br Btmr
Crusader, from Batavla. for Vancouver.
Arrived July 20— Stmr Cottage- City, from
Ekagway.
Passed out July 20^ — Stmr Caithness, for
Comoz.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived orior to July 20—
Etmr Siberia, from San Frsjiclseo, via Hono
lulu, Yokohama, etc.
NEW TORK— Arrived July 20— 8tmr Aura
nla. from Liverpool.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Majeatla, for liver
pool.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived July IT— Stmr
United States from N«w Tori.
GLASGOW— Arrived July 20— Stmr Ethi
opia, from New York.
GENOA— Sailed July 20— Stmr Sardinia, fcr
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 2O— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York, via Queenstown; itmr
Wcsternland, for Philadelphia, via Queens
town.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DAVENPORT, Iowa, July 21.— The
East Molins Bank in the East Moiine
building of East Moiine, 111., was en
tered by robbers at 2:15 this morning;
the entire front of the building: was
wrecked by an explosion of dynamite
near the vault Details as to the
amount obtained are not as present
ascertainable.
The watchman at the Malleable
Iron Tyorks felt the concussion and
saw two men dash into a buggy and
drive away. In the confusion caused
by a passing freight train he could
not get a good description of them.
Watchman Near By Feels
Concussion and Observes
Two Men Driving Away
MUCH DAMAGE CAUSED
Bobbers Enter Building in
Eiist Moiine, Illinois, and
Explode Powder Near Vault
The Norge did not have to get far off
her course to strike the ledge, as It
lies almost directly in the path of a
vessel coming from the Pentland firth,
as the Norge did, and sailing south
westerly to strike the track of the
trans-Atlantic steamers. The pilot
chart of the North Atlantic issued by
the United States Hydrographlc Office
has the outward track of steamers sail
ing frc-m the Pentland firth charted to
pass sixty-three miles north of the
rock. As a matter df fact, many ves
sels, In order to make a saving In dis
tance, although a comparatively small
one, pass to the south.
A comparatively small number of the
trans-Atlantic ships navigate in the
vicinity of this reef. It Is passed by
such ships as ply between America
and Scandinavian ports and is visited
by the steam trawlers that cruise about
in the North Sea. The great bank at
the base of this reef has j long been
known as good fishing ground. Some
time prior to 1S61 the reef was found
to be surrounded by considerable
shoals of the larger kinds of fish, but
a company formed in that year to
carry on a fishery there proved a fail
ure. The steam trawlers, however, find
the business profitable.
The opinion is expressed by persons
familiar with that locality that the
wreck was probably due to a fog, the
Rockall is 184 miles west of St. Hilda,
the diminutive island which is the most
westerly of the Hebrides, and 290 miles
from the nearest point of the Scottish
mainland. It is 260 miles north of Ire
land. The rock stands in a sand bank,
which is about seventy or eighty fath
oms below the surface. This bank is
about fifty miles long and twenty-five
miles broad. "The exact location of the
rock is 57 degrees 36 minutes north lati
tude and 13 degrees 41 mlnutea west
longitude.
The fact that there is nothing but
rock above water accounts for the
name of the reef. The statement in
dispatches from London that the rock
looks in the distance like a ship un
der full sail is borne out by the ob
servations of sailors who have visited
those seas. The upper part of the rock
is covered by deposits of sea fowl,
making it appear white in the distance.
The base is .dark colored like the hull
of a vessel.
A granite rock, rearing its white
head seventy feet above the sea, of
rounded form and only about 100 yards
in circumference, is all that is to be
seen of the islet of Rockall, the reef
on which the Danish steamer Norge
was wrecked June 28. Far out to sea
it stands as If it' was the last outpost
of Europe. Although it is now com
pletely isolated from the coast of Scot
land, from which it is due west, the
reef, in some prehistoric age, may have
been a part of that rugged country
broken off by some subterranean erup
tion or by the incessant wearing of th.e
waves. - -•;. • '•
The Sharp Pinnacle of Granite Rises
Seventy Feet Above the
Sea.
WRECK BANK
WITH DYNAMITE
These are pledges of freedom of trade
between the two countries and official
recognition of the right of the British
Government's representative to exercise*
his functions In Tibet.— Washing Cor
respondence Chicago Tribune.
The inquiries of the State Depart
ment Into the object of the British
Tibetan expedition appear to have de
veloped the rather curious fact that
the British home government was luke
warm if not absolutely indifferent In
the matter of sending Younghusband's
expedition toward Lassa.
Indeed, it is said here that Colonel
Tounghusband was allowed to go for
ward only to save the pride of Viceroy
Curzon. The latter fancied that he had
not been treated with proper consid
eration by the half-wild Tibetans, and.
failing to secure what he deemed due
official recognition of the representa
tives of the Indian Government sent by
him Into Tibet, he appealed to the
home government for an armed escort
to secure proper treatment for his en
voys, and the home government re
luctantly assented.
It is said here that the British Gov
ernment already has indlcatedHts will
ingness to withdraw this punitive ex
pedition as soon as it can obtain from
the Tibetans promises" of yielding the
points which were at issue between In
dia and Tibet before the expedition
crossed the border of the latter coun
try.
Great Britain Indicates Wfllinamcss to
"Withdraw When Favorable Op
portunity Offers.
TIBETAN RAID ORDERED
TO SAVE CURZON'S PRIDE
DEADLY ROCKALIi BEARS
NO WARNING SIGNAI*
J. Cuneo Company (owners) with George
Wclsmann (contractor), architects Shei &
Shea— Excavations, foundations, sidewalk
steps, chimneys, carpentry, mill work, roofing,
glass, hardware, store fronts, lathing man
tels, etc.. for a three-story frame building (six
fiats and four, etores) on Junction of Jones
street and Montgomery avenue. S 90:0% to
Francisco street, E 74:111,, NW 117:194 :
Same owners with J. Looney Ccontractor),
architects same — Sewering, plumbing and gas
flttlng for same on same: $1950.
Anna L. Whlttell (owner) with Brutcher &
Serna (contractors), architects Cunningham &
Pollteo— All work except brick work, orna
mental front and painting for a two-story and
t M .T*3» k , b « lwln « on E »"• of Stockton
street. 58:3 N of Geary. E 70 by N 17:6; $2370
Helen C.Dlxon (owner) with C. Christenseii
(contractor), architects same— Excavating
concrete and cement work, brick work, lumber
mill work, deafening, ornamental plastering'
g'.azlng. flooring, marble stepn. tiling, hard
ware, plastering, galvanized Iron, ganfitttng
and dumbing, for a two-story and finished
basement frame building, commencing at a
point 07:6 W from intersection of SW corner
of Fillmore and Fulton streets W 25 by S
oeorge T. Andrews (owner) with W. "VT En
fi? (co . ntrictor )- architect W. J. Cuthbertson—
Alteration* and repairs to present building
and all work for a two-story frame bulldln.tr
Zo* re w 6 40x80: U &oa Branna " Street ' S5 W Of
rn« Vi« ? » Barton (o^ner) with Felix Mar
cuse (contractor). architect— All work for
a one-story and basement frame building on B
Catherine MeGowen to John F. McGowan.
lot on N line of Richmond avenue. 250 W of
Mission street. W 25 by N 100. lot 29. block D.
,?.. l * nd G!lm » n tracts; also lot on W line
x-o^'^?. 8tre « t . "5 N of Richmond avenue,
N 25 by W 100. lot 19. block D, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
VVIlllam F.. Nell T. and Mary Beggs/Jean
nette and J. E. Scully and Mary and P. F.
M .S Ca '' thy to Orville D. Baldwin, rsrecord
2050 D. 25, lot on E line of William street.
iO S o.r Post, S 22:6 by E 57:6; $10.
Charles and Mabel B. Schlesslnger to- same,
I jot on S line of Post street. 137:6 W of Tay
! loi. w 0.1114, s fc8:J». E 1:1"%. N 63:0; $10. J
I kPr'n? Valley Water Company to Henry D.
iiawks, lot on NB corner of Lombard and
Larkin streets, N 137 :« by E 137:6; $17,500.
-S? 1 Estate and Development Company to
,' /? * and Alice M. Thielmeyer, lot on W line
o. Connecticut street. 100 S of Nineteenth, S
25 by W 100; grant.
John C. Brickell to Jacob Heyman Company,
lot on • S l!r.e of West Clay street, 30 E of
Twenty-seventh avenue, E 30 by S 100; $10.
ilenry G. and Estelle Meyer to George I.
Larny. lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue,
loU S of Lake street. S 25 by E t20; $10.
<-»ty and (."ounty of San Francisco to .lane
J, , G ? rman . lot on N line of Clement street,-
BJ-fltW^ of Twenty-third, W 50 by N Il>0; $ .
Same to Thoiras A. Douglass, lot on TV
line of Twentv-flfth avenue, 200 N of A street.
N C5 by W 100; $- .
Same to Bay District Land Company, lot
on AE comer of A street and Fourth avenue,
E 240 by N 350; $ .
Same to same, lot on SE corner of B street
and Fourth avenue S 2S5. E 120. S 30 W
120. S 285. E 240 N COO. W 240; 5 .
George M. Mitchell to Orville D. Baldwin,
lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue 182 S
of C street. S 2C3:5, NE 01:4, SE 228:5 N
211 :l; W 240; also lot on E line of Fortv
jlxth avenue. 100 S of C street. S 40. E 140.
N 140. W 40. S 100. W 100; also lot on W
line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 150 S of C street
S 75 by W 120; $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. Welssbeln to -Mary- E.
Bnwen, lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue
22j S of C street, S 50 by E 120; $10.
John H. and Annie G. Dorian to Solomon
Getz, lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue.
2C2:C S of L Ftreet. S 50 by E 120: $605
Ida Stuart (Ford) to Maud H'ilson, lot on
SE corner of Thirty-sevlnth avenue and O
street, E 02:6 by S 100; n-lsft lot on S line of
O Ftre«t. 57:6 E of Thirty-seventh avenue, E 50
by S 100; also lot on W line of Thirty-sixth
avenue. 125 S of O street. S 25 by W l?0; also
lot on W line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 150 N of
P street, N 25 by W 120; also lot on NE cor
r.er of Thirty-seventh avenue and P street B
132:6 by N 1C0; also lot on W line of Thirtv
eluhth avenue. 1E0 N of U street. N 25 by W
120; also lot on W line of Thirty-eighth avenue.
250 N of U street, N 25 by W 120; also lot on
N line of U street, 82:6 E of Thirty-ninth
avenue. E 25 by N 100; also lot on W line
of Fortieth avenue, 175 S of T street. S 25 by
W 120: also lot on W line of Forty-first ave
nue. 2C0 N of V etreet. N 125 by W 120; $10.
City and Ccunty of San Francisco to D J.
Lamoree and E. J. Malmgren, lot on - SW
comer of Thirty-eighth avenue and R street,
W 240. S 342:9. SE 240:6, N rj5S:9: $ .
Phebe A. Hearst to Ruth M. Decker, block
bounded by V street. W street, Fifteenth and
Sixteenth avenues; $10.
Albert F. and Minnie Roberta to Lilly A.
Lorentzen (wife of H. H.), lot on N line of
Montana street. 330 E of Orizaba, E 50 by N
125. block U. Railroad Homestead No. 1- $10
Oscar Heyman to Ole Martin, lot on N lins
vV^j^V*^*', 8S>:41 * Kot Mission street.
£S, 14S:1 £- SE 16:4^- SW to point 31 :0H
NE from beginning ¦ W 31 :0% • $10
Same to William J. Dolan. lot No 1268
same: gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Capital
investment Company lot on SE line of First
?£? n o u , e> 78: Hi NE of Sacramento street. E
1O li? %> N 60 - W 102:1; SW 60:3*4: $ •
' Fanlen M. Coleman to David C. Coleman,
•£* 0° W line of Guerrero street. 206 N of
Fifteenth, N 25 by W 131-.9; gift.
Daniel E. Sullivan to Mary A. and Nora K.
Collins, lot on N corner of Bryant and Dor«
atreets, NE 29 by NW 85; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Weinsteln to Oscar Hey
man, lot on W line of Noe street. 60 "S of
Twenty-flri>t, S 50 by W 80; also lot 9. block
34. Paul Tract; $10.
Mary E. and J. H. von Schroeder to Carolina
«.' 5ll een> lot °n E line of Capp street, 1&S:4 S
of Twenty. second. S 26:8 by E 122:6; $10.
Same to Carl H. Steen. lot on E line of Capp
street, 235 N of Twenty-third, N 25 by E 122 :B;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
WEDNESDAY. JL'LT 20.
City and County of San Francisco to John
Gandolfo, lot on E line of Polk street 37-6 S
of Vallejo, S 50 by E 100; $— . \
Morris Slmlnoft to Emma Simlnoff, lot on S '
line of EJIis street, 77:6 E of Buchanan E
25:0, S CO, E 25:0, S 60. W 51:6, N 120; gift. '
Spring Valley Water Company to Samuel M.
and Theodore Cohn, lot on N line of Clay
»ti-eet._ 137:6 W of Webster. N 127:S',i by W
Mary C. Berges to Rose T. McKamara lot
on S line of Oak street, 87:6 E of Stelne'r E
27:6 by S 112:<5: $10. •. ' er ' B
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Charles L. Hlnkel. lot on E line of
Broderick street. 75 N of Fell. N 75 by E
106:3: $10. . . ' - *•
Harry W. and Susie Bernhelm to Nellie A
Lassll (wife of Frederick A.), lot on S line of
California street, 32:6 E of Baker. E 25:3 by
Frederick A. Lasell to Nellie A. Laaell, same- i
gift. 'I
Amelia M. Hamill to H. C. Cutting, lot on H
line of Lyon ktreet. 100 S of Page, S 28 by E
100; $10. ¦ •¦
George Stlerlen Company to Elisabeth Thorn- I
•s, lot on W line of Masonic avenue, 245:9 N
of Frederick street. N 25 by W 106:3; $S500 i
t ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers, ?
303 California St., ««• mai j: ***• San • Francisco.'
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ALLIANCE INSURANCE
CORPORATION, LIMITED,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY, OS THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1903, and for th»
year ending on that day, as mad* to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Drovlslona ot sections
610 and ell of the Political Code, condenaca
as per blank furnished by tha Commissioner;
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $250.000 00
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company.. $519.860 24
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 145 OuO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company S1S.7C4 ft.1
Cash In Company's Of do* 23.87021
Cash in Hanks 4<X1.2»1 i>j
Interest due and accrued oc all
Stocks and Loans 2,137 07
Duo from oth = r Companies,
Agents, etc 632.6SS 'S3
Total assets $^.200,252 7>
LIABILITIES. —==^3
losses adjusted ami unpaid '
Losses In DTocess of Adjustment
or In Suspense $532,723 vj
Losses resisted, including ex-
panses
Gross oremiums on Fire Risks
running one year or l«.s. f ;
reinsurance 50 rer cent
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks f 133 056 11
running mor* than one year,
$ : reinsurance iro rata
Grow cr?miums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks.
$ : reinsurance \ r 0 r*?r cent.
Grors premiums en Marine Tim* f 262.750 • t
Risks. S ; reinsurance 50 *"-'¦"- * 4
cent
Liability under other departments. 414 vn •¦»
Cash dividend rmalr.lng unpaid "- -j
All other Liabilities...:........;; i.SDt 7T
Total liabilities It. 333. 055 S->
iNro?rr. — ===s
N«t cash actually received for Fire
premium* $108.9C6 «#
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 46S,0C3 79
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages SbSStf tPJ
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 35 SOS
Received for Rents 13«4-> '13
Fe<8 received for transfers 21*703 ' 4
Received from all other sources.. j6l",i,»ajo
Total income $1,514,923 13
EXPENDITURES. """ ""
r»et amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $- , losses of pre-
vious years) 1"^ n« «
Net amount paid for Martn* *" >;J>OM SJ
Losses (including $ losses of
previous years) '. SOS 193 t«
Dividends to Stockholders... iS'nnn £i
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage /120"S6t
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks,
losses of other branches, •tc... 193 246 64
Paid for State. National and Lacal i *"'" r * 0 °*
Taxes 3,20134
All other payments and expendi-
tures 89.453 10
Total expenditure $1.263.13^93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risk*. | Premiums.
Net amount ot Risks I
written during the [
year $212.641.S30'$337.64»33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 220.133.233 408.90« «9
Net amount In force
December 31. 1303 80.73n.137 159.0BB U
Risks and PremlumslMarine Risks Premiums.'
Net amount of Risks Z
written during the
rear $280. 140. 6S0 $2. 137.223 30 1
Net amount of Risks
expired durins the
» ear --• 241.4*1.084 2.026.315 l\*
Net amount 1ft forets ''
December 31. 1903. 19.S3S.3C0 lS7.78011 f
PAUL S2ELIN3KI. President. "
o v _,: ,. MARCUS MAUEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
23th day of Awrll. 1904.
JAMES H. NOUNAN. -,
U. S. Consul General. Btn
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of i' :
UNITED FIIM'S
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF "PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A. D. 1S03, and for the year endlrsr on
that day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of | sections 610 and 611 ot the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Caoltal Stock, paid up
in Cash joQO.OOQ co
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $202,034 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 354.86100
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 893,678 00
Amount of Loans , secured by
pledge ¦ ot Bonds, Stocks and
Cash in Company's Office.... 3,664 CO
Cash in Banks..... 64,067 01
Interert due and accrued on all „ , '
Stocks and Loans 2.348 W
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 7,46. J)6
Premiums in due Course of Collec- 46 2- 4 M
Rents due and accrued 425 00
Perpetual Deposits in course of .
collection 3 -^0"
AH ether Assets 197 05
Total Assets jl.75S.757 84
LIABILITIES.
Lo«se* adjusted and unpaid $11.13154
L»rse 3 !n process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 090000
Losses resisted. Including expenses -.300 00
Grow premiums on Fire *"«*¦ ™ n ;
0iS e 7S On re.4ura r nc°e r 00 e p1-r £££. 1M.469 89
GrJss oremiums on Fire Risks run- -
Due and^accrued for «lart«. m i&
DueTn'd '0° ¦becoma ' due tor taxes _
and assessments S.S69 S6
? Total Llatllltl-s .jl.257.906 04
INCOME.
N ct cash actually received for Fire
Ke^d^.nte'rVsronBondV.nd^;
pJceW for interest and dividends
Ir Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 46.617 91
rrcelud for Rents 10.027 17
Rcceiwa 1.137 S3
Total Income .._ $436.585 22
EXPENDITURES. ; "
v»t amount raid for Fire Losses
N ' needing 829313 06. losses of ,^ 15ft .,,
previous years) '. $230.150 23
Dividends to Stockholders. .......:-_ 30.000 00
¦Paid *MT allowtd for Commission or
.^Brokerage , 102.753 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
char~es for officers, clerks, etc.. 30,974 05
Paid for State. National and local
taxes • • •• ".OiO «
All other payments and expendi- „.._„
. tures s . '. 38.545 79
Total Expenditures $44052409
Fire.
Losses Incurred during tha year... $222.433 00
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
N*t amount of Risks
y?. r td ?.. dUrt f*.^? $43,083,787 $516.957 71
Net amount ot Risks
year re l.^ n . K ..^.: 40.680.356 486.033 11
December 31, 1903 61.777.849 e64.590 60
-
ROBT. B. BEATH. President
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 30th
day of January. 1004. Wit M. McKEB Jr.,
Notary Public.
gOOgS rOS HOOTBCEErTJO-CM^
TTTRK, SI 6— Parlor floor of four rooms for
housekeeping; also single rooms; gentlemen.
TWELFTH. 233 — 3 nice connected rooms: com-
plete; regular kitchen; laundry; sunny.
VALENCIA, 732— Three or four sunny rooms;
furnished; upper f.a.t; no children.
APARTMENT HOT7SES.
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness ave. —
The acine of perfection in modern, elegantly
furnished .1-room apartments, with private
taths. steam heat,e!ec. light. eiev.,gas range.
FREDERICK (The). P01 Stanyan— 1 to 6 room
Apart*., fur., unfur. : private bath, steam heat,
janitor service; terms reas.; tel. Page 6166.
OCTAVIA 51 — 3 or 4 room apartments, furn.,
unfur. or partly fur. ; new; modern very reas.
ALTAMONT. FE. cor. Washington and Mason —
3-rm. apartments, fur. and unfur.; prl. bath.
6T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson ft.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: Turn, or nnfurn.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — Furn. and TTnfnjB.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
•JT>c to f 1 per night. 51 25 to $5 per week and
lUrht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte " £70 Market st. (or No. 1
Kifth ft.)— Roon-s, 25c. 50c, U. ?1 50 night;
$1 r.0 to 510 (reek: house open all night.
AVERT. 29. off Oary. near Fiilmore — Sunny
parlor in new flat. $8.
IsrKXETT. 142C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms. 6ulte. single; also unfurnished.
ELEVENTH, 21— Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; references.
ELIZABETH. 727 — Cory room; home comforts:
!'• monthly; with breakfast, $9. Leave West
Twecty.-fourth-st. cars at Douglass st.
ELLIS. 1060 — Rooms, singlt and «n suits;
sunny; bath; breakfast.
FELL.45G — Nics furnished rooms, modern;
good neighborhood and convenient.
FILLMORE. C23 — Furnished room to let.
FRANKLIN, 721. near O. G. ave. — Eunny fur-
nished front rooms; ail conveniences; $11 £$12.
CLARY. 141S — Sunr.y front room; pleasant j
home. '
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S5o I
to fl 25 night; II 50 to $6 wk.: reading-rm.
KARF.ISON. 526 — 6urny furnished and house-
kwpinr raoms.
HARRISON. 74S — Nice single furnished front
sunny rocm for lady; price orly $6.
HARRISON. 7S4H. nr. 4th— Finely furnished
surny rooms; bath: homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON. fc30'.i — Nice -sunny front room;
?8 a month.
HaRHISON. IMCS, between Twentieth ana
Twenty-first — $5; sunny front room.
HOWARD. 040 — Quiet, respectable house fcr |
Quiet, respectable men; cl»an room, $4 50
month; sunny front room for 2. $2 25 week.
HOWARD, 7ir.— Large sunny rooms ,at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 32T4. bet. Eighth and Ninth— 2 sln-
erle rooms; cne 55; one $6; sunny.
HTDE, 919 — Large front eunny room; nicely
furnished.
JF.SSIE. S6."5. east V. S. Mint— Large front
rocm. 2 beds, $*; single. $5 month.
JCUAX ave.. 1C0, nr. ICth st. — 2 runny unfur-
r!«hed rooms in rear ccttare; rent $3.
V.ARKET. 1049A.The Faimouth— Sunny rooms;
hot and cold water; elevator; $2 to $7.
MISSION. 565— Frcct room, famished. $5.
MISSION, 672— A suite of rooms; suitable for
a doctor; rent ?25.
NINTH st., 147 — Nice single room; rent reason-
able.
OAK. r,S9— Nicely furnished front room, with
tos ard b*th. for one or two rentlemen.
OAK. *G7. neir Laguna — $1 50 week. *new.
hajh. <juiet. clean, sunny. See Sundays or
<• r>. m. we»k day*.
OCTAVIA. 1537 — Sunny furnished rooms, j
phone, bath, running water; references. !
OTARRE1.I.. ::r»- Housekeeping rooms; cheap; 1
runn::iR w»ter; aTter 11 a. m. j
PIJRP.Y, 42 -:;:.¦, front rooms: reasonable;
fc-or.tlemt-n.
1'INE, S27. i:c<;r I'cwf H-^arge sunny furnl«h-
<i rcom; running wstw; 1 or 2 gents; $10.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light*.
rradiriR-rocra, sinokin?-room and ladies' par- '
_ !cr: rooms j>er night. S5c to *1 50; week. 52
~ to ?•>; njoiuh, 58 to 530; elevator on ground L
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. 'i
! . i
EIXTH. 240*; — Furnished rooms, day, week or
month; location central and reasonable.
SIXTH. ?13 : ±— 4 unfurnished rooms to let; no
children;
1ATLOR. S1.">B — Handsome sunny room; )
ruitab'.e 2: Slo: laree tront parlor, piano. $lu. j
TEHA1I>. 4S1— Furnished rooms to let; double
er Finzle.
TENTH. 2=2— A front bay-vriBdow room, fur-
nished; rent $6.
THE .«T. KATHRVX.
NE. COS. LEAVKXWORTH AND
ELLIS- ¦SUNNTKST AND CLEANEST
HOOMS IN THE CITY; BATHS: HOT
AND COLD WATER IN EVERT
ROOM; ELEVATOR SEBV1CE: MOD-
ERN CONVENIENCES; FROM IS
PER WEEK.
THE LARCHMO.NT, SCI Sutter. near Grant I
ave. — E>?antly furnished ro^r.*; hot and
co'.d wai»r: l>sthf free; $3 to $6 per w<»ek:
?) to ?: rx> jvr da;-:electric elevator or lt^ht*.
THE VKNDOME. 1104 Market St.— Offices on
tilt first floor to M; furnished rooms in *ulte
cr single, by the day. week or month; trau- i
Fjpr.t Koliclted. •/ t't
THE Lacnston. 110 Kiiy. opp. Tivoli — Xlce
lur. nr.f.; tiest trarsicnt hous»: lov.est rates.'
THIRD, 135 — Nlc»! slpgle room; rent reacor./
Ti'HK. 1147. n»ar Jpfferson eq. — Ele;ant new j
ronay nputsaaOM; adult?: ref. Arpiy 10 to 4.
UNITED STATKS. 123 Erfdy. near Market— 400
room«. :^'ic to $1 r.ifht. 51 75 to $6 week; elec-
tr.c lights 'no «a?»; running water In ev>!ry !
rocra; tlevator. lead. -room; frc« bus; baggage.
WALLER, 71—2 large rooms: tun all day;
f.we vi*w. Thcne Ffll 1041.
VTRCCBESTER Hotel. 44 ?A st.. near Market—
Most convgalwH and respectable; 700 rooms;
Xt? to ?i 50 nij-ht; $2 to tH w«?*k; »!evntcr;
•Jec. tight*; rc-ading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hciw. 202 Sixth wt.— Reoms~irom~15c
«9 51 per night and from 90c to 55 per week.
VALENCIA. BOOT. Bonny front room in private
f.':rni!y ir-T young !ad> : breakfast If desired.
VAN KEBS &y.. 31— Nir a furnished rooms;
t-»«l jobation: pricfg reasonable.
SOOZK3 AKD EOAED.
HOTEL BALTIMORE
n-XVV 5 , REU:C T FAMILY HOTEL. BEAU-
TIFULLY SITUATED ON THE FINK«T
CORNER OF VAN NESS AVE NOW
THOROUGHLY RENOVATED " AND
EQUIPPED WITH ALL THE LATEST IM-
I'ROVEMENTS. IS READY TO RECEIVES
' CL'ESTS.
1015 VAN NESS AVE., COR. GEARY ST.
EDDY. 1254— Nice room, including washroom 1
editable for 2 gentlemen; breakfast and din-
ner: reasonable.
THE COKORA- Large lawn, sunshine
around; a billiard-room; a good chef and
courteous attention. €21 O'Farrell et.
FILLMORE. 1007— Fine furnished rooms-
runny, ronvenient and modern: table board.
EEDY, I12S, opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new manag!
ELEGANT sunny front rocm: modern; private
family; firm-class board. 120G O'Farrell st.
ELLIS. 453— Nicely furnished rooms with
board; ifasor.cble; also French tab'.e board.
COUGH. 1120, nr. O'Farrell— Excellent board-
eunny rooms; home cooking; $4 50 and $5.
HOWARD. S41 A— First-class board and room"
rlng> or double. $5-$6 wk. j American family.
TITRK. 622— Nl^Iy furnished sunny rooms and
board ; reasonable.
St-vetiton Mansion, cpp. Grace Church, annex
California— See rooms.learn prlces.try tabl»
E00M8 AgS BO ABD WAHTEP,
QUIET home wanted In refined private family*
with board, for married lady and 14-year-old
•ton; 2 rooms, one emaller; between Van Nesc
Taylor. Market and Sutter: state terms; ref '.
Manager, room 6, 405 Montgorn-
«ry et. . __^
WANTED — Student requires comfortable fur-
nished roop In rood locality, with or without
i board. "Student," Call office. Berkeley.
NICE room. Including- washroom: suitable for
2 gentlemen: breakfast and dinner; reason-
able. 1254 Eddy st.
STATEMENT
/ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
QF PEORIA. IN THE STATE OF ILLINOIS,
jn the Cist day of December. A. D. 1903.
and for the year «ndlng on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State ot
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by tht Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
4 in cash j $200.000 09
ASSETS*
Real Estate owned by Company 17.000 00
Loans <n Bonds and Mortgages.... 276,656 13
Cash Markrt Value or all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ISO. 295 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 71.0SS 93
Cash in Company's Offlcs 3.3CS 10
Cash in Banks 90.2S3 27
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,759 07
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 9.115 93
Premiums in dus Course of Collec-
tion K3.721 92
Total assets «.•«•• ..•«•«•.•••.. .$701,204 47
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $7.SS>5 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 10.000 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2tiO.U2S 53;
reinsurance 50 per Lent 150,014 28
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 9248.-
179 40; reinsurance pro rata 149.90S 03
Total liabilities $298,007 2S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $371, SS5 78
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 18.072 01
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 6.1C8 00
Received for Rent* 469 78
Total Income $396,593 55
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $11,793 47, losses of pre-
vious years) $128,373 00
Dividends to Stockholders IS, Oik) CO
Paid or allowed for 'Commission or
Brokerage 102,108 06
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.; 7,289 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 5,014 98
All other payments and expenditures 17,117 05
Total expenditure* .....$276,830 16
Fir*.
Losses Incurred daring the year $126,373 00
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year..... $32,556,476 $433.808 60
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ... 18.298,511 223.127 88
Net amount In fore*
December 31. 1903.. 30,199,545 B0S.2O7 63
BERNARD CREMER. President.
CHAS. CREMER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 9th
day of January. 1904.
WILLIAM F. VOGEI*. Notary Public
»OOMBJWV&yTEP.
TWO single rooms near City Hall; 2 young
men; moderate. Box 23G3. Call office.
speciax iTOTiCEs. * :_-^
The secretary of the St Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notlc*
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the aeylum at Central avenue and Waller
Mreet from January 1, 1904. to July 1. 1904:
Catherlna Mendoza, 2 yre. ; Annetta Mendoza.
4 yrs.; Mary Koentg, 11 yrs.: Alexander Con-
way. 9 yrs.; Addle Conway. 8 yrs.: Berdlne
' Conway. 5 yrs. : Willie McLaughlin. 7 yrs. :
Edward McLaughlin. 5 yrs.; Juanita Ruiss. 11
yn.; Flora Healey. 4 yrs.; Margaret Healey.
3 yrs. ; Leona Healey, 2 yrs. ; Addis Healey, 5 ,
mos. ; George Nolan, 6 yrs. ; John Nolan, 5
yrs.; Mary Clark. 10 yrs. 6 mos.: Agnes ;
Clark, 9 yrs. 8 mm. ; Annie Clark. 7 yrs. 5
mos.; Catherine Clark. 6 yrs. 5 him.; Madeline
Clark. 2 yre. 5 mos.: Margaret Clark. 11 mos.;
John Arrausez. 8 yrs.; James Arrausez. 6 yrs.
4 rr.es.; Winifred Fay. S yn!. ; Sherman Fay.
5 yn..; Eugene Phillips. 5 yrs.; F.eyraond
rhilllps. 4 yr«.; Gladys G. Pjies. 6 yrs. 9 mos.:
Lillian Ranken. 7 yrs.; Mary McClellan, 10
Jrs. 5 mo.; Glady M. Connolly. 1 yr. 7 mos.;
Edna Phillips. S yrs.; Fred Farry. 7 yrs. 6
moB. ; Albert Farry. C years 11 mos.; Louise
Farry. 3 yrs.: David Farry. 1 yr.: Annie
Wilson, 3 yr*. 8 mos.; Francis Wilson, 1 yr.
9 mcs.; May Compton. 6 yrs.; John Comp-
ton. 4 yrs.; Alice Zoe Gere. 7 yrs.; Olive
Anderson. 12 yrs. ; l>ona Anderson. 11 yrs.;
Mystery Anderson. 10 >rs. ; Basllne Anderson. 3
jts.; Louise Anderson, S yrs. ; Monrick Ander-
tmi, 7 yn». ; JohD CheriMe. S yrs. ; Louis Cherille,
5 yrs. ; Eleanor O'Brien. « yrs.: Jcseph Lewis.
6 yrs.; Antone Lewis. 5 yrs.: Annie Ccogrove,
7 yi s. ; Joseph Cosgrove, 4 yrs. ; Lena Elster,
8 >ts.; Oliver Eleter, 5 yrs. 4 mos.; John
Kelling. 6 yrs. 11 mos.: Violet Leighton, 5
yrs. 9 mos.; Irene Leighton, 4 yrs.; Ilaymond
Leighton. 2 yrr. 6 mos.; Ethel Johnson, 9 yrs.
6 mos.; Ellen Gettenby, 11 yrs.; Reta Get-
tenby, 1 yr.; Mabel Delorey, 6 yrs.: Edna De-
lorey, 3 yrs.; Walter Delorey, 1 yr. ; Florence
Wall 5 3tb. ; E3na Tead. 7 yrs.; Francis Mc-
Donald. 10 yrs.; Camella Mendoza. 11 yrs. :
William Mendoza. 6 yrs.; Patrick Murphy, 5
yrs. 6 mcs. ; Hazel Young, 4 yrs. ; Lena Tarn-
brine, 2 yra; Laurence Peters, 7 yrs.; Frank
Peters, 5 yrs. ; Frank Lutz, 7 yrs.: Harold
Ferslon. 2 yrs.; Manuel de Lemos. 6 yrs. 8
moe. ; Norman de Lemos, 4 yrs. ; Viola Kelly, 11
yrs. : Willis Kelly. 6 yrs.: Walter Brown, S
yr». ; Antony Simon. 1 yr. : Lillle Gannon, 7
yrs. : Charley Gudlerrez. 2 yn.; Elizabeth
Woods. 2 yrs. 4 mos.: Alice McNesby. 5 yrs.;
| Ellen McNesby. 2 jts.; William Edwards. 6
yrs. 2 mos.; Carrie Wilson. 9 yrs.; Gertrude
Carlson. 9 jtb.: Edward Will. 4 yrs. 1 mo.;
I Catherine Newman, 10 yrs.; Elsie Murray, 11
i yrs.: Roy Elster. 3 yrs.; Carol Drexil. 10 yrs.
I 6 moK.; Harry Drexil, 8 yrs. 6 mos.
Ladies! Chlchester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: tafe, reliable: take no other. Send 4c
etamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
VTA VI. .
MOTHERS' and daughters' home treatment;
booklet mailed free: correspondence invited.
VI AVI CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the InterlorT^fflcTTfTn^
dlan Affaire. Washington. D. C, July 13, '
1904.— Notice is hereby given that bids for
the purchase of unleased segregated coal and
asphalt lands and unleased segregated coal \
and asphalt deposits will be opened by the J
Commissioner of Indian Affairs at his' office, |
in Washington, at dates as follows: For th« I
purchase of tracts within the McAlester Dis> J
trict (No. 1), at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern j
time). Monday. October 8, 1904; for tracts
in the Wilburton-Stigler District (No. 2), aj
2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time), Monday. De-
cember 5. 1904; for tracts in the Howe-Po- |
teau District (No. 3). at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, February 6, 1905;
fcr tracts in the McCurtain-Massey District
'No. 4). at 2 o'clock p. m. (Eastern time).
Monday, April 3, 1905; for tracts In the Le-
hJgh-Ardir.ore District (No. 5), at 2 o'clock
p. m. (Eastern time). Monday. June 5. 1905;
and for tracts in District No. 6 (unleased
segregated acphalt lands), at 2 o'clock p. m.
(Eastern time). Monday, August 7, 1905. '
Circulars descriptive cf the lands and deposits j
to be eoid and copies of the regulations of }
June 17. 1904, governing the sale of the un- i
I-ased segregated coal and asphalt lands and |
unleased segregated coal and asphalt depos- j
its, may be obtained upon application to this ,
office or the United States Indian Agent, j
T'nlon Agency, Muskogee. Indian Territory, j
Bids must be on the prescribed form, which j
tv!I1 he fourd In the regulations. A certified |
check or draft for twenty per cent of the I
amount of the bid must accompany the bid. !
The lands will be sold for cash, and success-
ful bidders will be required to deposit with j
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs th» full j
amount of their respective bids within fifteen I
days after receipt by them of notice of the
acceptance of the same. If a successful bid- I
fler fails to comply with the terms of his bid !
within the time specified the check deposited ¦
by him as an evidence of good faith will b* '
; forfeited to the use of the Choctav.- and
Chickasaw nations. The right to reject any !
or all bids is reserved. Deeds of conveyance ;
will contain a clause "subject, how i- •• *o
existing rights of way fcr railroads." •". :
TOXXEIt, Acting Commissioner. i a t- j
ment of the Interior. Washington, l> C '
July 33. 1904. Approved. THOMAS RYAN I
Acting Secretary.
'NOTICE to contractors — Notice Is hereby given
that bids will be received by the City Clerk
of the City of Eureka: California, up to and
including August 0. 1!XM, at 7:30 p. m., for
the construction of the extension of the pres-
ent sewer eystem In accordance with the
plans and specifications en fl!e in this office
The Council reserves the right to reject any
and all bi<?». y
J. P. WUND-RLICH. City Clerk
Dated July 13. 1904.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
I. J. J. FRAUENKUON. have sold m; place
cf business at T25 Fourth 6t- All bills
arainst rr.e must 1>« presented for payment
on cr before July 2". 1I»O4.
aTAMMSRIKO.
AT Melbourne Institute, Van Ness~&^Tarke£
is taught celebrated Melbourne system; only
Melbourne in U. S. : private; established S
years in S. F. Tel. Mint 2626 from 1 to 5 pm,
MARRIAGE LICEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued*
yesterday: :„*¦¦.¦
William J. Klnley, 21. R*d Bluff, and Flor-
enco E. Duncan. 21, 014 Broderick street.
Arthur E. Boyle. 58, Ml Greenwich street,
and Ida Hanson, 'J5, 210 Fair Oaks streot.
William Billiard. 2*. 1455 Sacramento street.
ami Margaret E. I-arkln. 22, 20 Reed BtreeU .
Francis J. Mayne. CO. 285 Shipley street, I
f>T\i Elizabeth Robinson 40. 1012 Van Ness
avfimc.
Eugene J. Mosflin, 23, city, and Carrie T.
Johnson. DO, city.
Frederick Korte. 30, city, and Ella M. Gor- 1
den. 21, city. i
Hotiry 1'ontz. 50. San Jos« and Alice Ieher- I
wfiod. ::.*;. St. Louis. Mo. ' i
Louis Kkoll. 35, 'ZM Ellis street, and Sarah !
Selix. IS, ll'^o Howard street. I
Charks V,'. Ilubbeli, 2«, 4 Alice street, and !
Estellie M. Moore, 27. 210 »'hen*ry street ;
U. Alf-x HiDi. 1M. 31 A Frdcral street, and ;
Alassandra Aho. 24. 2OI Stcuart street. j
G. Emilf Balebefl, t3, Sacramento, and Floss I
Hawl-y. JS. 2CC3 Minion «tr»rt. :
Chin V'jeng. 41. 1023 Sto.:kton street, ar-d !
Ohasst Kim. 1!», 1023 Stockton street. i
John U. Anderson, ."jr.. 2P7:t Lombard etreet, i
an.l Eva R. vVallessteU] IS.- 2ti;s Lombard :
G. RafTaelo Dtll <>s*o, .17. 1303 Kearny I
Ktreet, and Laura LrlRr.p. 21, 422 Vallejo. i
EIRTHS— MAREIAGES— DEATflvT"
Birth, marriage and Oesitli notices sent by '¦
wall will not b> Inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and ba '
panned with the ozxae and residence of per- :
snjiE authorized to have i!jc same published i
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column '
frtq of charge.
HORN.
COLEMAN— In this city. July 13. 1304, to
the wife cf Jamrs T. Coleman, a daughter
KELLNER— In this city, July 15), 1904 to
the wife of Louis Kellner (nee Lafee) a '¦
uaujhter. j
3IARRIED. "^
BRADY— WITTMAN— In Alameda, July 19
3904, by the Rev. Frerp.ian D. Bovard'
James G. Bra.ly of San Francisco and Clara
May W'.ttman of Alameda.
ELEVnTH-BUCKING— In this city, Julv 20 !
l.»01, by the P.cv. E. M. Stensrud, Alpheus
ThombroiJKh Elcveth and Fr*da E. Bucking j
both of this city. |
DIE1X i
ga", Horatio O. Knop. Henry ;
Broderick, Thomas liarggraf, Charles
Burrows. Thomas McCarthy. Mary
Kelly. Patrick C. McKevltt/ Annie 1^.
Cordes (Infant) Mullins. John
Dwan Margaret Reitmann, Augusta
Elsenbeis, Gurtave Pamson. Martin M.
Hallinan. Cyril N. Rcott. Joseph H.
Hauser. Margaret B. simi. Pietro
Hoffmann. Retina IJIrlch, Charles
Hutton, James B. Veter. Nicholas
Johnson, Emma Warren. Emily A.
BA^, U ~/. n 4 hl S C^Y- July 19 - 1904 - Horatla
Orlandia Ball, beloved wife of Gilford Ball
and sister of Ludie and William Young a
native of Mayesville. Mason County. Ken-
tucky, aged 38 years 10 months and 24 days.
C7"Friends arid acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
Thursday, at 10 o'clock, from the'parlors of
Craig. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, bslween Polk and Lark In streets. In-
terment Holr Cross Cemetery.
BRODERICK— An anniversary requiem high
mass will b« celebrated for tl.e repose of the
soul of the late Thomas Brodtrlck, beloved
husband of Margaret Broderick, at St. Pat-
rick's Church. Thursday, at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
teni.
BURROWS— In this city. July 19. 1904.
Thomas Burrows, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Burrows, and father of Thomas. Mary
and Charles Burrows, Mrs. F. Thogode. Mrs.
W. A. Harrison and the late Robert and
John Burrows, a native of Ireland, aged 59
years.
JC7"Frlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thurtday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Kees avenue,
therice to Sacred Heart Church for services
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
CORDES— In this city, July 20. 1904. infant
eon of Charles and Rosle Cordes, and
brother of Charles Cordes, a native of San
Francisco, aged S days.
DORAN— In this city. July 19. 1904, Margaret,
relict of the late Patrick Poran, and mother
of Mary. Annie. James and Daniel L»3ran
and Mrs. M. Levelsa, a native of County
Antrim, Ireland. (Virginia City, Nev.. papers
please copy). . I
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 24 Kissllng street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery- ;":, '."ir*
EISENBEIS— In the City and County Hos-
pital. July 20. 1904, Gustave Elsenbeis, a
native of California. a«ed 27 years. - 1
HALLINAN— In this city. July 20. lJ»Ot, I
Cyril Nathaniel Hallinan, dearly beloved 1
son of Nathaniel and Nora , HaJllnan, and j
beloved brother of Ksther M. nnd the late
Lloyd D Hallinan and grandson of Patrick !
and Sarah Hallinan, a native of San Fran- i
Cisco, aged 4 years 9 months and 15 days. •
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow 1
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his Darent*. 1433 Seventh avenue South, be-
tween M and L streets South, South San
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAUSER— In this city. July 20. 1904. Mar- j
garet B , beloved wife of Edwin Hauser,
and daughter of Mm. Sarah Norton, a na- j
tlve of Bangor. Me., aged 35 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of |
Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street. Inter- |
lnrnt Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In this city. July 19, 1904, at
her residence, 350 Ivy avenue. Regina, be-
loved wife cf the late J. D. Hoffmann, and
mother of Fred L. Oehlert and elster of
Richard. Frank and Ferdinand Kayser, a
native of Herstelle. Westuhalla, Germany, j
ag-^d 74 years. !
(CyFriende and acquaintance* are rospect- j
fully invited to att€nd the funeral to-day |
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from her late real- j
dence. 350 Ivy avenue, between Gough and 1
Octavla streets, thence to St. Boniface's i
Church. Golden Gate avenue, near Jones, I
where a requiem high mass will be cele- |
brated for the reposte of her eoul, commenc-
ing at 8:30 o'clock.
HUTTON— In this city, July 19, 1904. at the
German Hospital. James B. Hutton, b^- j
loved son o^ James and Amanda. Hutton of
Point Arena, a native of California, aged ,
27 years. I
C7" Remains will be taken to Point Arena j
on steamer Pomona, Thursday, July 21. j
JOHNSON— In this city, July 20. 1904. Emma
I Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged 22 years.
KELLY— In this city, July 19, 1004, at St.
Mary's HosDital, Patrick C. Kelly, ex-Sen-
I ator of Lander County. Nev., a native of
Ireland, aged 48 years.
: EyKriends and acquaintances ar» respect- j
! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
! lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
KNOP— In this city July 19. 1904, Henry
Knop. beloved brotner of the late Elfert
Knop, a native of Germany, aged 74 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonlo
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held under
the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127, F.
I and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme- I
; tery. via electric funeral car from Eight- j
1 epnth and Guerrero streets. Remains at th»
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass Com-
pany, 917 Mission street.
MARGGRAF— In this city, July 19, 1904.
Charles, beloved husband of the late Made-
line Marggraf. devoted father of Cella Mar-
tin, and brother of Mra. A. Loderhose Mrs.
H. Behrmann. Mrs. S. Vock and Joseph
Marggrraf. a native of Bostcn. Mass.. aged
55 years 3 months and 10 days. (Bostcn,
MaFF., papers please copy.)
ICJ'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lr.vited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 :30 p. m.. from the parlors I
of H. F. Suhr &. Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olive't Cemetery.
McCARTHr— In this city, July 20, 1904,
Mary McCarthy, a native of Ireland, aged
63 years.
McKEVITT — In Fruitvale. July 20, 1904,
Annie Laura, beloved wife of Barney Mc-
Kevitt. and mother of Rose E.. Annie M.
and Bernard F. McKevltt. and daughter of
Joseph and Ellen M. Finlejv a native of Cal-
ifornia, aged 41 years S months and 25 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral Friday, ¦
July 22, from the residence of her parents, '
Bay avenue, Melrose. thenc* to St. Eliza- |
beth's Church at 9:30 o'clock, where mass 1
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, i
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
ML'LLINS— In tilts city, July 18. 1904. John
Mulling, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
(U^" Friends and acquaintances are respect- '
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Friday). July 22, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission 1
etrcet, between Seventh and Eighth, undor !
the ausDlces of Marine Painters' Union I
No. 1. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
REITMANN— In this city July 20 1004,
Augusta, dearly beloved "wife of Diedrick
Reltmann. a native of Nrw York City, aged j
36 years 3 months and 20 days.
SAMSOX— In Berkeley. July 20. 1904. Martin
SI. Samson, beloved husband of Helen Sam-
eon, and father of Gus. Rote-, Mabel, Bertha
.nnd Harold Samson, and brother of Mrs. N.
Jensen of Livermore, Cal., a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years 10 months and 2 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Thursday. July 21. at 2 o'clock, at the fam- j
ily residence. 19r:4 Home street. Berkeley.
Cal. Interment Jewisf\ Cemetery, Mountain
View. .
Members of Live Oak Lodge No. 17, K of
P.. Oakland-Attention! You are hereby
m.tlned to attend the funeral of Brother
JIartin M, Samson, from his late residence.
1334 Home street. Berkeley. Thursday. July
''gkoh^.^Too^'c 2 ?• ° f R - and S -
Sr-OTT— In this city. July jo, ]mH Joseph
Hamilton Scott, eldest son of Joseph W. and
the late Maria A. Scott, and brother of
Harry S. and Walter A. Pcott and Edna
Soott Lake, a native of Stockton. Cal.
ir-TThe funeral services will be held
towlfty 1 Thursday), nt 3 o'clock, nt th«- resl-
drnrp of his sister. Mrs. Edna Sctrtr'Lake
4tv; Clavton strret. Interment Rural Cemel
Itv, Stockton. Cal.
SIMI— In Healdsburg. Cal., suddenly Julv 10
1004, Pietro Simi, beloved husband of Vic-
toria Siml. and father of IIa<ry C Simi
V,™- J?' ,, A • e . K . roni "' Mr8 - F - p 'nnella and
Mr*. G. R. StilcE, a native of lucca Italy
agpd 69 year?.. ' •
(IJT Not Ire of funeral hereafter
L'LRICH— In this city. July 19. 1004, Charles
Ulrtch. a native of Grrmany. aged C8 year*
. « months ami 12 days. «.-"<« years
CrTrlonds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
or Thcodor I)i»rks. 957 Mission street, and
thmce hy electric funeral car to Mount Olivet
Cemetery for interment, leavlne Eighteenth
an.1 Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock.
VKTER— In this city, July 20. 1004. Nicholas
Veter. a native of Greece, aged 65 years.
"WARREN— In this city. July 20. 1904, Emily
A. Warrr-n. wife of the Rc\'. Dr. James H
Warn n.
CTKuneral from residence, 1544 Taylor
street, at !>:!5 o'clock. Friday, July 22. In-
terment' private.
I James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
Jamks mcoinn & co.
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
4nmama J}^^Eddy St.; Tel. South 576.
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 81
MONAHAN. O'HARA & 00."
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2330-2311 Mission Rt., near Nineteenth,
fian Francisco.CHICAGO. July 20— At the opening of the
trading Ac-day sentiment ln the wheat pit was
decidedly bullish. Initial quotations on Sep
tember, were op %«»%c to. %@%c.at SSUc to
88V4C. The causes for this feeling of strength
were heavy rains during the night in Iowa
Nebraska, Kansas and . Indiana and a sharp
advance at Liverpool In' the face of the weak
ness here yesterday. A possibility of trouble
arising between Great Britain and Russia was
the main factor ln the foreign nfarket. The
low point on September was reached at 8684c.
Final figures were at S7©87Hc July sold be
tween 93c and 96c and closed at 93%c
In sympathy with. the .strength of wheat a
firm feeling prevailed ln the corn pit at ! the
opening but .. the market soon turned weak
September opened %c to Uc higher at 49«ic
to 49%c, sold off to 49c and closed at 49U
049 We .,-....
Liquidation by local holders, due to the
slump in other grains, caused an easier tone
In oats. After opening a shade lower to a
shade higher at 33c to 33 He, September sold
down to 32«Jc and closed at 32 %c. -
Uncertainty regarding the stockyards strike
together with heavy receipts of hogs and lower
prices ¦ at the : yards, caused weakness In pro
visions. At the close September pork was
Future Grain and Provisions.
KEW YORK. July 20. —Money en call v*
ea»y; highest, l'i per cent; lowest v-^f^
rate. 1; la,: loan. 1: closing bid Coffered f
Tune money easy: sixty and ninety dayT'^O
2H: per cent; six months. 3>ie3ii f^h1?1
mercantile paper. Si^ T »£_*• St ™«
exchange steady. with actual busine.* in
tankers' bilii at J4.871OS4.IS713 for demanS
anl at $4.Sir.O<J4.S4M for sixty-day S
Poned rates. U 85^6* 88. Commercial b «'
J4 6*K. Bar .liver. St%c Mexican 'doU^*
4S*ic Government bonds, steady; ral'road
t/>r.<;«. firm. >; • •/ , .
New York Money Market.
EASTEBX MARKETS.
' "Early cablea wen* sharply higher and Con
sols again lower. These, with some showery
weather in the West, made a strong opening
at higher prices. Later, however, the report
of probability of an amicable adjustment of
European political conditions turned the at
tention to conditions nearer home. Liberal re
ceipts of wheat in the Southwest markets was
the most apparent and. most Important feature.
The arrivals are not meeting with a good de
mand, as. buyers seem to hold off in view of
the great discount on the future months. This
Is making a declining market for cash Wheat
and for the July. The seaboard reported for
eign bids for future shipment at rather nearer
current quotations, but with nothing done.
With political influences out of the situation,
we seemed to have reached the time when the
movement of new Wheat Is likely to place the
market In a less artificial condition. Pending
the effect of this • movement and the adjust
ment of the relations of supply and demand,
considerable uncertainty must result. The Sep
tember and December -Wheat" is being fairly
well bought, but with declining prices for the
cash Wheat and the July options these are
still likely, to b« subjected to some pressure.
We rather look for a> vacillating market in
these futures for the time being.'
In this market futures were higher and the
cash grain was firm. It was reported on
•Change that the farmers In the Sacramento
Valley have become very- decided in . their
views ' and are refusing - to sell under $1 25
there, which is equivalent to $1\3S% at Port
Costa. The feeling Is very strong all over the
State, as all Interests agree that the crop will
turn out comparatively light.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 S2^@l 38%; California
White Australian. $l-52%@r67H; Northern
Club.- $t 32%®1 37%: Northern Bluestem.
$1 62%@1 65 per ctl.
FUTURES.
(,"» Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
- ~>Open. .High. Low. Close
December .V.|X 33, $1 34 $1 32% fa S4 J
2 p. m. Session.
¦ Open. - High. Low. aose
December ...$1 S4 $1 34% $1 34 $1 34^
BARLEY — The market. continues firm, with
continued activity ln the Sacramento Valley
on speculative account. • This speculative buy-
Ing has started the millers into the field as
buyers, and .they . are , purchasing at 00@92%c.
which is equivalent to $1 05@l 06^ here. On
•Change yesterday " two schooners .of River
Feed. : to arrive to-day. , sold at $1 02%. in
the ring theahorta were actively engaged in.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were , firm,
with Paris futures higher.
Chicago was unsettled and very Irregular, as
will be seen elsewhere. Minneapolis reported
the weather and crop conditions in the North
west almost perfect.
The Chicago wires of Mitchell, Mulcahy A
Co. said: > ¦ ¦
Wheat andf Other Grains.
grade Plums and Prunes continued to drag at
unsteady rates and as usual there was a
heavy surplus still unsold at the close. Figs.
Melons and Apples were In fair request at
about previous -prices, while Grapes dragged
owing to the poor quality of most of the of
ferings. Blackberries from Sebastopol con
tinued weak at the inside quotations, while
offerings from other sections cleaned up read
ily. The other Berries were in good request
at steady rates. Citrus fruits were quiet and
Grape Fruit and Mediterranean Sweet Oranges
were quoted lower.
STRAWBERRIES— *3@6 per chest for Long
worths and $2 504T4 for the larger varieties.
LOGANBERRIES — $3©4 per chest. J
BLACKBERRIES— $2S3 50 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 12»4c\per lb.
APRICOTS— Small boxes and crates, 5O@90c;
ln bulk, $35@40 per ton. with some fancy
higher
APPLES— *1 25©1 50 per box for fancy. S5c
©1 25 for choice and 5C®75c for common.
PEARS— Bartlett. 75c@$l for wrapped; in
open boxes. 75c@?l for No. 1 and 35*g50c per
box for No. 2; small green varieties. 40350c
per small' box or basket and 75c@$l for open
boxes.
PEACHES^-Small boxes, 50@65c; large open
boxes. S5c@$l; baskets. 5O®65c.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50©75c per crata
and 25@40c per box; in bulk. $20 per ton.
FIGS— 50®65c for drawer. $1 2562 for
double- layer boxer and $2 25(^2 50 for large
boxes.
MELONS— $1 50®2 per crate for Coachella,
$lfor Fresno and $1 25©1 75 for P.akersfleld:
large crated from the river. $2«2 50; Xutzn«g
Melons from the river. $1 25@1 50 per box;
Watermelons. $1 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Seedless. $161 25 per box or
crate; Fontalnbleau. 50@75c per crate; other
varieties, $1@1 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 50@2 50 per
box for Valenclas and $1 2501 50 for Mediter
ranean Sweets ; Lemons. $2 254t2 75 for fancy,
$1 00-Jil 75 for choice and $l@l 25 for stand
ard; Grape Fruit, $1@1 50; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas, $1 25^2 50 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dczen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots. IK'SOUc;
Peaches, 53£@7%e per lb; Figs. 2-crown bricks,
52%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown, 65c; 6-crown.
75c; bulk white. 3%@3%c: black. 4c. Old crop
— Evaporated Apples. 6&©7%c per lb.
PRUNES — 1003 crop 2£2)io for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices Fresno for 1003
crop (subject to change without notice) are as
follows: 60-lb boxes— Loose Muscatels. 4-crown.
4c per lb; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 4c; Malaga,
loose. 3-crown, 4c; 2-crown, 3%c: Thompson's
seedless. 4c; seedless Sultanas. 3»4c; seedless
Muscatels, 3Kc: do floated 3^c; Seeded Rais
ins, lG-oz cartons, fancy. 6%c: choice. 5t4c:
12-oz. cartons, fancy. 4%c: choice. 4%c; ln
bulk, fancy, 5Uc; choice, 5c; Imperial clus
ters. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $2: London
Layers. 3-crown. $1 35; 2-crown. $1 25.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13tSei4c;
No. 2. 11%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13fcc;
No. 2. ll@U^c: Almonds, ll%o for Nonpa
reils, ll%o for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
; and OVlo for Languedoc; Peanuts. &g7c for
j Eastern; Pecans. ll#13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
. HONEY— Comb. ll%@12%e for white and
10@llc for amber; water white extracted, 5@
oc: light amber extracted. 4&@5c; dark. 3Va
BEES"WAX— 27@29c per lb. fc
Provisions.
The Chicago market continues slow and
dragging and this market is equally tame and
featureless at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10c per lb for
heavy. lO^c for light medium. 12%c for light.
13%c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13>4c: California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $11®11 50; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear, $21; Mess
$17 50; Dry Salted Pork, 9%c; Pig Pork. $24;
Pies' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6#6%c per lb for
common and 9c for pure; half-barrels pure.
8Vic; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-ib tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. 8Hc; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Quotations for 1903 and 1904 Hops show
narrow variations. The market contlnuea dull
and nominal. The top quotation for l!KOs Is
a retail price, moat of the little current busi
ness being at 25c
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
stesrs, 9%c; medium. 8%©9c; light. SfS^c;
Cow Hides. SSS%c for heavy and S#8V,e for
light: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal.
10c: Salted Calf. 10H@llc; dry Hides. 16c;
dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shear
lings. 23<g>4Oc each; short Wool. 4<K|65c each;
medium. 75@90c: long Wool, $1@1 50: Horse»
Hides, salt, $2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for
med'.um. $1 2rv8l 75 for small and 60c for
Colts. Horse Hides, dry $1 75 for large and
$1 50 for medium, $1@1 25 fcr small and 50c for
ColU. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30
*232>4c. Goat Skins — Prime Angoras,- 75c; ex
tra large do. $1 25: larg#and smooth, 50c; me
dium. 35c_- small, 20c. ¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4tfc j>er lb;
No. 2. 3^c: grease. 2^i@3c.
WOOL— Spring Clip— Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 17@19c; San Joaquln and Southern. 12
months'. 10@12c; do 7 months'. 9<g>llc per lb;
Middle Counties, 13@17c for free and 12®15c
for defective; Northern. 16®18c for free and
14«16c for defective; Nevada. 13®16c. accord
ing to condition.
HOPS— Nominal at 25©27^c per lb for Cali
fornia, 1903. Contracts for 1904 crop are quot
ed at lS@20c.
Meat Market.
Large Veal Is lower, being very plentiful.
Otherwise there Is no " further fluctuation In
anything. All descriptions appear ln sufficient
eupply at the moment.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows:
BEEF— 5@7c for Steers and 4©6c per lb for
Cowb.
"VEAL — Large. 6®8c; small. S@0e per lb
MUTTON — Wethers, 7H@8c; Ewes, 7®Sc
per lb.
LAMB— 9@I0c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%@S^o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered ln San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 7%ig7Hc: Cows and Heif
ers. SVifc^^c: thin Cows, 4#5c per lb.
CALVESTj-t@4Hc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3&©3?ic; Ewes. 3@3Uo
per lb (gross weight). *
LAMBS— $2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lba, 4«O4 T «<v
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under, 4U C :
.over 250 lbs. 4%c: soft Hogs, nominal; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent oS from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
_____ y
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%c; San Quentln. $5 40:
Wool Bass. 3*V332c; Fleece Twine. 7Hc; Fruit
Bass. t>HO7%c for white and 7c for brown
Jute. ...
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $0 50: Beaver
HU1. *5 50; Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsnid. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke. Ill 50913
per ton ln bulk and $15 ln sacks; • Rocky
Mountain/ descriptions. $11 45 per 200O lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 57c per gallon for boiled and
C5c for raw; Castor OU. ln cases, No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, cages. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 43c
for boiled and 46c for raw; China Nut, cases,
62^0SOc per ration; Cocoanut Oil, ln barrels,
58c Tor Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c: natural winter
Bperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish OU, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
pil. 31e. *
* COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%e; Astra.!. l»*ie:
Star. 10 We; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 26c;
Eocene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; ln cases. 22^c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases, 19Kc; SO-degree Gasoline, ln
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c. .
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and Iron barrets. -
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 7K@
7%c per lb; White .Leadr 7U®7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, ln 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.05c:
Powdered* 6.90c; Candy Granulated. 5.90c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.80c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.80c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bats only), : Confectioners'
A. 5.80c; Magnolia A. 5.40c; Extra C. 3.30c:
Golden C. 5.20c; "D." 6.10c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 5O-lb'
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.30c : boxes, 6.55c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. S.SOc per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 20.
Flour qr sks... 3,920|Wool. bales 153
Wheat. Ctls .<... 1.504 Beans, cks 70
Barley, ctls 6,413 Hides. No 4*4
Oats, ctls ....... 624 Pelts. No 340
Corn. West, ctls. 500 Tallow, ctla 24s»
Rye. Ctls 740 Leather, rolls.... ica
Potatoes, ska ... 3.801 Paper, reams ... 635
Onions, sks 258 Lime, bbls 367
Bran, sks 400 Wine, gals 43.425
Middlings, sks .. 65 Quicksilver, flsks. 72
Hay. tons ill Sugar, ctls 3.000
OREGON. ;
Flour, qr ska...l9.000IFeed. sks ....... 2,077
Bran. s_s » - 6001 W00L- bales .,«.» 3
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 SSM
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 ss; 4
New York Exchange, eight — 06
New York. Exchange, telegraphic. — ,07%
Silver, per 'ounce". — 68*.
Mexican Dollars.'...... 48 ©47'
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London .....20.41
Paris on London'.... 25.22%
Sterling Exchange Is lower. Domestic Is
unchanged. Berlin and Paris on London are
higher.
LOCAL.
Exchange and Bullion.
Unlisted Securities. ¦ r£ .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 99 JSF & NP 6s. — 10»«i,
B L Wat 69. — 117 |S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s.. 110 — IS P Co 4**s.lOO
M C Wat 5s. 100 — I Sun Tel 5s.. — 104
Ris I Wks 5s — 105 Sutter-st R5s.l05 113
SF Drdk Cs — imi! L'K of SF 4s. 81% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK&
Ala S Co... 25% — Mat Nar Co. — 90
Amer Bis Co — »O Nev Nat Bk.20O
Cal Cot M1U — S7 N S R R Co. »U —
Cal GAECor. 43% — N Cal P Co. — 10%
C Jockey Cl. — 123 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder. 125 145 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 IOOF"Han A 6 —
Cal T I A T.115 — Orphetiin Cty. — 18
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 PacC Cas Co.130 —
Chute* Co .. — 7 Pac S Tel..lOOU105
City & C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co.105 —
Cyp L Imp.. T — Paraf Paint. ZH —
East Dynm.. — 270 S F Drydock 80
DpntPwd pfd 90 — SFASJ Coal, -r- 25
Do com .. — 50 S J Wat Col — 109
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — 8O & MTnrot.125 —
Fischer Thtr 53ft — SwJss-A Bk.115 — ".
Frnch-A Bk.lOS 110 Truck Elect.. 11 —
Gas Con A.. — 23 UR InC pfd. 48U —
Hono P Co.. 10 — Do com ... 9W —
LonA SF Bk — 6O
Momins Seagjon.
Board —
100 United R R Inv Co pfd 4S 39
Street—
$3,000 Sunset Tel A Tel 5«, cash... IOO 75
$12,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 81 50
Afternoon Session.
Street —
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 81 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock— Bid. Ask.
Apollo 40 49
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 20
Caribou >:-. 3 so 425
Claremont TO .. .
Four ....................... 64 . .
Hanford 165 00 ISO 06
Home 1 40 1 45
Imperial 16 50
Independence. 27 23
Kern : 4 65 S 00
Kern River H 00 ..,.
Monarch (of Arizona). ....... 23' 23
Monte Cristo .."..... 65
Occidental of W. Va 0« ".'.'.'.
Oil City Petroleum .58 *60
Peerless .... 14 00
Reed Crude 1 50 ....
Soverigm. - ¦ 42
Sterlms 2 50 2 70
Superior 07
Thirty-Three ' * 25
Twenty-Eight 10 0O
West Shore 2 23 2 60
Associated Bonds .... 78 0O
Pennsylvania 30
Miscellaneous — »¦•-'".
Fischer's Theater ........... 63 ....
Northern California Poer .... 10 25
SALES.
Morninc Session.
693 Four Oil 63
Afternoon Session.
6 Kern River U OO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
flffjgcaaaigjti Morning Session.
600 Andes Ml *» Ophir ..2 40
200 Chollar 171 MO P°*<»' IS
1 continued on Page rourteca,
LOCAL MAEKETS.
SEATTLE. July 20.— Clearings, $617,080; bal
ances, $125,358. ¦
TACOMA. July 20.— Clearinss, 5205.956; bal
ances. $21,564.
PORTLAND, July 20. — Clearings, $524,440;
balances. $77,230.
SPOKANE. July 20.— Clearings, $3S4,901
balances. $46,066.
Northern Business.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. July 20.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 66®70c; bluestem, 71@72c; valley, 78c
ST. LOUIS, July 20.—^Wbol steady; medium
prades. combinj? and clothlngr, 24®24^c; light,
fine, 16glSc; heavy, fine, 12®13c; tub washed,
33c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
SIT.AR-
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 "tV t 6 8% 6 8«r4
Closinff 6 1% 6 9 ; .6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat — ¦ July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening: 2135 . 2160
Closing 2150 2185
Flour —
Opening: 2S 60 2S 8.%
Closing w... 28 70 29 05
Foreign Futures.
<12'>th M»Hdian— Pacific Time.)
FAN rnANCISCO. July 20—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
t^ratureji are reported for rrevious day from 1
Kastern citiee: I
Poston 86-74 New Orleans SS-74
«";ncir.natl 1)2-72 Philadelphia 96-76
Jacksonville SS-7* Wafhinpton 92-74
£t. Louis SJ.-72 New York 92-74
SAN FRANCISCO ........ 62-50
THE COAST RSCORD.
a s s o 2 j
ETATIONS. I ?c;;-o Z- ~
jee: : S
• • 3 l • '.
Eak^r ~J.J»4 RS 54 NW ' Clear !o0
i arson 29. «2 !>2 M E Clear .00
Eureka 23. M «2 52 N Clear .00
Fresno 23.74 108 «6 W Pt.Cldy '.00
SvE. Furallon. .'.. .. Bl
nupsTgff ~».»s 76 SS N ruin SI
POc£±eUo iiJ.OO t»4 5<5 S Rain Tr
Inifi«nienoe .a*.7)S Hfi 70 sw Pt.Cldy .OO
Is* Ariffelfs...2».RS so Mi W Clear 00
Mt Tamalrals.^.W* fix. 74 NW Clear 00
North H«ad... 1*0. »o <# 54 xw near 00 1
£ho»r.ix 23.74 10W M SW Pt.Cldy .00
Tt Rpy«s Lt 49
Portland 29. K0 W r.i NW Clear !6o
Red B!nff...".. 29.7ft 10« 74 ?E Clear .OO
R^pl.ur»r 2».>irt »S «rt N Clear .oo
j-«rramenlo ..29.7« W «V4 S dear .00
PaJt Lake 29.8* !*5 O2 t=w Clear 00
FranciscoW.8'? « M W Pt.Cldy .00
Fan L. Obtapo2».SS 7S W) NW near 00
Sjr.,V ie *° a - M T0 f4 w ««rfy -oo
; . tk - r»»2 B3 M NW Clear . .00
U«Jla..29.»o 04 M KW Clear 0O
vvinnemucca .».K0 »4 64 EW Clear !oo
n»-.'..».;a.w;« st i-w:';a«r .00
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pr^tsure hes fallen Flowlv over the
northern half of the Pacific slope. No rain hai
fallen vest of the Rocky Mountain?, except la
A I iZ °r> * h « re fc< - av >- thunder storms
are reported. Conditions are favorable for lo
«*' storme in the valley of the Colorado
r\.H ?/""'. weat^ er in the interior of
««»«**««. ranging
ho^"JW n mi.nfght S * J n u 5 r2 a , nCiSC ° f ° f tUrt >'
x,^i O! 2r^ Callf^ rnia — Fair Thursday; contin
u wither; possibly chovrn ln the
2l5?J?35*2S^£2F to* on the
S£* Sf&SS*."^ 1 Inlaod: brlsk werterly
«Hv ti^ r % <;al !5 Cr:lia ~ aoudy Th ursday. prob
i^St^^S^ 1^ P0WibIjr thun * er
iiS^-SjSS** an -' 1 »-lci=Jty— Fair Thursday;
SrwSTter^ W ch * c « in * *° Ms * weeter-
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
n£.°Z th * r w * rt >'- four h^urs ending 5 p. m
12f>th ir.^r^.iar. t:rr.», Pan Frand.^ .July 2O. :
n?>3 * si
Bill s - %=
rrATiONa. * " * - * s;
? ? *¦ 5 Sg
i i I ? ff5
Cloverca> ioo r.o .. £?ea7 00
Coluea ..icrt c7 ruTr CO
g^ .:¦••". :::::£ S 5. gi dy "I
Lo. , Ange!e. « £ W cieaj .«
h? 0 ** 1:0 W ¦• f -lear .00
l^a. r 85 52 B near 00
grattt* 104 M w near '$
r~l»rmo km «j .. oo
I'ortorrt:i» jot, io KW Pt <1Av 'nft
It:versl<5# 04 tS .. c r , r fl
farrareent^ M «4 S Clear 00
t-zr. Fraac!*cr» ei XA W Pt Cl'y f»
Fan Jos* R7 R2 . d»Vr 'nn
fat, Luis Obispo ... 78 50 SW C'ear 'oo
Bams, Mart. 73 CS .. ciear |2
t^^r.tx Rosa « M ¦ .. i*£L [2
10 * c? s aw g
WEATHEP. AND CROP CONDITIONS
Cloverialt- Ap-j^x crcI) of Maches
£u" Sa^ Yo . p unchanred.
thr.r e rfcr^a7. M ' 1OnS *" «* tWo «*ter
SSSS^Jw 1 ** !n """ conditions. .
88 ' ««- : 'or the
San J01-— Prune* hea^¦ J ¦ i n p ]ac< .,
A. G. McADin.
IV cat her Report.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
110 Mutual Electric Light 13 12*4
15 Pacific Lighting T. 57 50
35 S F Gas & Electric 60 25
$2,000 Cal G & E G M & C T 5a. b 6. 65 00
Street—
35 Pacific lighting 57 00
Board —
15 Alaska. Packers' Association... 134 0O
•»«5° Spr1n * Vaile y Water Co  SO
$2,000 SF&SJV5per cent 117 SO
Street —
50 Anglo-Californlan Bank 85 00
23 S F Gas & Electric 60 00
WATER ST0CK3.
Contra Coeta 35 40 I Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 60 IS V Wat Co. 36% 3T
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4 I S F G & E. 60% 60«
Mutual E L. 13 13%|Stkn G & E. — 7%
Pac L Co... 67»i — lUG&ECo. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l20 127%! L P & A.... — IS*
Anglo-Cal .. — 0O j Mer Trust.... 208 —.
Bank of Cal.420 4,1ft Merch Ex 5O
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 is F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.22S0 2350 ISav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — |Sed Sav Bk. — 400
Mutual Sav. 100 105 JUnlonTCo.. —
S F Sav U.C0O 650 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 I Presidio — _
Geary — — |
POWDER.
Giant «0% 62 IVIgorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 20c | Kilauea S C. — 4
llawaiian C. 52 52mMakawell C. 23% _
Honokaa S C — 12%IOnomea S C. 23% —
Hutch S P C 8 8S»,'Paauhau S C. 13 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 133 135 (Oceanic S Co. — 4<4
£ a ! X, C A ' — "^ p ac Aux FA. 4% 5%
sr^ls?-Ai5 ~ ! Pac c *«• - 1K
Morning Session.
WEDNESDAY". July 20—2 p. a.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A?k.| Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .106 10ti'4l4s qr cp new.l;2%lA1^i
4s qr reg...lO6^;iOti>4l33 <jr coup... — lwH
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co 6s.ll7% !
Bay CPC 68.103 1C5 I Vo 5s 110 —
Cal C G 5s. 103 104 j Do con 5s. 102
Cal G & E g I Oceanic 8 5«. — 72ti
m & ct 5s. 84% 83 i Om Cable 6e.l24 124 U
Cal-st C 5s. — 115%; Pae G Im 4s. 92% 96
C C Wat 8s. — 100 |P B Ry 5s.. 103% —
EdL * P 6s.l24% — IP4CH «s.lO3 —
F & C H 6s.ll4 — |P & O R «s.U2 113
Geary-st 5s.. — 80 Powell-st 6s. — 114
H CAS 6%s.lOO — I Sac EG*R5s. — 9H
Do 5s 99% — ISF & SJV5s.ll7%117%
Hon R T e».105% — | Sierra R 6s.. — 113
L A Elec 5s. — — 3 P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 113% — (1909) 106% —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 107% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6»
Do gtd 5s. — 1C5 I (inO5)Sr A. 103 103%;
LAP lem 5s.l01H — (!Wi5)Sr B.104 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll3% — f (1906) 105
Do lem 5s.ll5 — I fl912)' 115% —
MV4 MtT5a.lOl% _ SPC 1 eg Ss.110 —
NRR of CUs-a 04*4105 Do stmpd. .10S%
Do 5s 117% — S P B R 6s.l3t%132%
N P C R 5s. — 105% S V Wat Bs.lOS^lOST,
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4 3 2dm. 99 —
N C P C 5s. — 10O Do 4s 3dm. 9S%
N 9 R R 5s. — 101 Do g mt«4s »7% —
O G L&H Ss.107 10S iStkn G&E«s. 92% 05
O W gtd 5s. — 100 JU G ft B 5s. — 105 .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
OMAHA. Neb., July 20. — CATTLE— Receipts.
1200 heed; best, strong: others slow. Native
st»ers, $4 25^6; cows and heifers. $3$i-l 40:
Western 6teers, ?3 25<S4 75; range cows and
heifers $2 25#3 75 ;• stockers and feeders, $2 50
@1; calves, $2 50ig5 25. . .
HOGS — Receipts, 3000 head; market slow.
Heavy. $4 00@5 06; mlxfd. $4 &5@5; light. ?5@
5 20: pigs, $4 50@5.
SHEEP — Receipts. 1000 head: market steady.
Western yearlings, $3 75@4 25; wethers, $3 50®
4 20.. , . •
Miscellaneous Markets.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 20.— CATTLB—
Receipts. 20C0 head, including 500 head of
Southerns; market strong. Native steers, $5©
5 75; Southern cows, $1 75*@3 50; native cows
and heifers, $1 75@5 25: stockers and feeders,
$2 75@4 50; calves, ?2 50@3 75; bulls, $2 50@
4 75; Western steers, $3 75^5 75; Western
cows, »1 75@3 75.
HOGS^ — Receipts, 10.000 head: market 53>10c
higher. Bulk of ' sales. SS 26@6 40; heavy,
$5 35®G 45: packers, $5 25@5 .40; piga and
lights. $4 7565 SO. .
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000 head; market steady.
Muttons, $3 25if(4 50; lambs, $4@tf; range
wethers, $3 70@4 i>0: ewes, $3 26@3 75.
Omaha.
CHICAGO, July ' 20. — CATTLE — Receipts,
6000. head: market steady. Good to prime
steers, ?C 5O@<5 25; poor to medium, $4 50®
5 25; stackers and feeders, $2 25@i; ¦ cows,
$1 50@4 25: heifers, $3@5; canners. $2®4 25;
calves, $2 60® 6; Texas fed steers, $4 60#5 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 12,000 head, to
morrow SOCO head; market extremely dull, 10c
to 25c lower. Mixed and butchers, $5 20<35 80;
good to choice heavy, $5 50<3>5 75; rough heavy,
$5g5 30; light, ?5 20@5 65.
SItEEP — Receipts, 5000 head; the market
for sheep and lambs was dull. Good to choice
wethers, $4 50S6 65; Western sheep, $2 B0@
4 60.
Chicago.
j CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS. |
but the market developed some points of 1
marked strength and overcame the depressing i
effect of the Red Sea incident on the foreign
exchange. This was seemingly Ignored as com
pletely as were last week's alarming reports of
I damage to the wheat crop and the Inauguration '
i of the meat handlers' ctrlke. The demand
I proved ample to absorb the offerings for Lon
j don account, and fractional recessions were
i quickly recovered. The speculative leaders
I watched* the course of the market with appa
rent complacency until the London liquidation
was concluded, when they resumed aggressive
operations for the advance.. The market then
resumed the character which it has displaced 1
consistently all through th« recent risr. of j
brisk adjpances in a few influential stocks, with 1
steady profit-taking sales at points which have
pre\'iously advanced. The role of leader- again
reverted to Union Pacific, which stock has been
the backbone of the recent riee throughout.
i "lips" were freely circulated - and the , stock
j was to touch par during the. day, thus lndicat-
I ing a spwilative origin for a part of the deal
ings. There was no news bearing on the stock
beyond yesterday's rejection of Union Pacific
overtures of a tettlement out of court of the
Northern Securities dispute and the formal au
thorization of th»$l<V>,000.000 of Southern Pacific
preferred stock by the stockholders during the
day. Neither cf these was news in the pense
understood in the Ftock market, operations hav- j
ing already been conducted in the stocks with |
a knowledge of these events. The movement
ln Southern Pacific wa% apparently ln sympathy
with that ln the parent stock. The general
market was rather slow to respond to the»e
ad\-nnces end "there wa» a larpe 1 volume of
profit-taking at about last night's level under
cov?r of the movement ln the Pacifies. There
was no news to account for the sudden letting
down, and a rush to take profits, owing to
srowing skepticism of the stability of the mar
ket, waf the generally supposed cause of the
weakness. Reductions of 1 to 2 points general
] ly wiiTed out the earlier gains and established
considerable net losses ln some important
storks. Bonds were firm. Total sales par
value, $3,765,000. United States bonds' were
unchanged on call. 4
\ NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5S.500 19% 7K% 78%
Atchifon pfd fi.200 .98 P6»i »6V*
j Bait & Ohio 7,100 85% 64% 84 T»
Bait & Ohio pfd... 600 «8 0t% 94
Canadian. Pacific... 1.800 ' 125% 125 125
C'ei.t of N J 800 165% 165 164%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,100 35% 34Vi 34»«
Chicago & Alton.. 400 40«i 89% 3S%
O:i & Alton pf d '. . '..'.. 80%
t"hi & Gt W 4,100 15U U% 14»i
Chi & N" W 1.000 179% 179 179%
Chi. Mil & St Pkul S1.200 149% 14S»i 14S%
Chi. M & St P pfd ; 119%
Chi Term & Trans, 200 6% « 8
Chi T & T p.'d 100 14% 14% 14V«
C. C, C & St L 75%
Colo Southern 300 15 15 14'i
Colo South 1st pfd. 400 60*1 5O«4 60U
Colo South 2d pfd. 200 L»Ui 21 "'21
I>=la & Hudson 3.S00 1C1U l«'<0% 160*i
Dela, Lack & W... 900 273 270 265
Denver & Rio Cr.. 200 . 22% 22% 22V«
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 100 73 73 72»i
Erie 21,800 2G^ 25% 25%
Erie lrt pfd 3,000 C3% «3',4 63ft
Erie 2d pfd 600 33% 39% 39
Hocking Valley ... 300 68% 68 CS
Hocking Yal pfd.. 200 81 61 KHi
Illinois Central 1,800 137% 136% i:<7%
Iowa Central 500 19«i 1» 19
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 375* 37 37
Kansas City South 22%
Kan City South pfd 100 44 44 i 44^
Louis & Nash 8,100 118 116% 117%
Manhattan L ..... 400 152% 152 152
Metropol Securities 2,2ft) 88*4 88 ' S7*i
Metropol t?t Ry 2.800 117% 116% 116S.
Mexican Central... 1.500 9% t>% 0%
Minn At St Lou's.. 300 46 • 45% 45%
M. S P & 8 S M.. 600 • 70U 70 €9%
M.S P & S S M pfd 127
Missouri Pacific 44.4r>0 85% 94% 94»i
M, K & T 500 lS*i 18*4 18
M. K & T pfd 1,200 41U 40% 40
Nat RR of Mex pfd 37»i
N Y Central 3.000 -J20 119 119%
Norfolk & W..^... 4.G0O 62% 61% 61«4
Norfolk & W pfd.. 200 00 90 90
Ontario & West... 5,800 31 U 3O% 80%
Pennsylvania 100,400 121% 120% 120%
P. C. C & St L 63
Reading 18,700 63% 62% 52%
Reading 1st pfd 200 S3% 83% S3.
Reading 2d pfd 70
Rock Island Co.... 55.900 24 23»i 23%
Rock Island Co pfd 3.700 «7% 66 \i 66%
S L & 8 F 2d pfd. 7,200 63% 52 62%
St L S W «60 13% 13% 13
St L S W pfd 4.700 3.%t.i, 33 33%
South-rrn Pacific... 64,100 52% CHi 61%
Southern Ry 8.000 25% 24% 24%
South Ry pffi 1,000 90 8914 89 Vi
Texas & Pacific... B.SOO. 26% 25«4 25%
Tol, St L & W.... 1,000 27 Vi 20-% 26%
Tol. St L & W pfd 600 39* B 39 38%
Union Pacific 178,800 »9 96*; 87K
T'nlon Pacific pfd. 200 04 D3% 94
Wabash 1.000 17% 17^ 17%
Wabash pfd 6.700 37* 3«% Sfl%
Wheel A L E 300 15% 15% io
Wisconsin Cent.... 300 18% 18 18
Wlsconfin Cen pfd 3000 40% .40 40
Expires Companies—
Adams ••• 225
American 100 202 202 202
T'nlted States '.... 108
Wells-Fargo .» ._.». 205
Miscellaneous — . - •
Amal Copper 54,400 63% 83 63
Amer Car & F.... 300 18% 18% 18%
Aroer Car & F pfd 77%
Arner Cotton Oil.. 100 27% 27% " 27%
Am Cotton Oil pfd ..... •• 88
American Ice .... 500 $]4 6T4 6%
American Ice pfd. 1.100 27*4 2C*I 27
Amer Loco 4.200 22% 22 22
Amtr Loco pfd.... £5
Am Smelt &Ref.. 4.000 RR% B7% 57%
Am S & R*f pfd. 1.000 • 99% 98% 08%
Am Sugar Ref.... 3.000 130% 129% 129%
Anaconda Mln Co. 100 75 75 74
Brooklyn Rapid T. 27.800 M 51% 51%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,400 35%, 34% • 34%
Consolidated Oas .. 200 195% 195% 194%
Corn Products ..... 1.&00- 13% 12% 32%
Corn Products pfd. 2,900 70 «9% 69%
Distillers' Secnr • "•• . 21«i
General Electric .. 700 164U 163% 163
Inter Paper 3,400 14% 14 14%
Inter Paper pfd... 000 70V4 69% 70
Inter Pump-. 32
Itm-r Pump pfd "3>4
National Lead .... 600 23 22% 22%
North American .. 1.000 -.80. 89% 89%
Pacific Mail 600 2S 27% 27
Peoples Gas 1..VK) 101% 101 100%
Pressed Rtoel Car. 800 &'$% . 33% 33%
Prv&sed Steel C pfd 100 76% 76% 76
Pullman Pal Car .... 221
Republic Kteel 000 7% 7% 7%
Republic Ste«I pfd... 1,300 44 43% 43%
Rubber Goods 700 19%: 19, 18%
Rubber Goods pfd. 78%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 600 40U 89% 40%
TJ S Leather 100 7% 7V4 l\l
U S Leather pfd. 300 S3% S3% 83%
\XS S Realty 100 7>/4 ¦ 7 7
U S Realty pfd 60
U S Rubber 8,000 19%' 18% 1»
US Rubber pfd.. 200 78 78 77
IT S Reel 19,600 12% 12% 12%
IT S Steel pfd..... 74,700 63% 61% 62
Westlnghouae Elec 200 163 163 163
Western Union . . . , S8
Total sales .....8S3.300
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW -YORK. July 20.— Bond transactions
of United Railroads of Ean Francisco were
f 12.000 at $81 23 and $8000 -at $81 50
- . AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
43. asked 43%:— ¦ - ...
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.-104% L & N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon-. .,.104% Man con gold 4b 105
Do 3s reg 104% Mex Central 4s?. 63
Do coupon.. :..105% Do 1st. Inc.... 14-v
Do new 4a reg.132% Minfl & St.L 4s.. 86U
Do coupon 132% M. K & Tex 4s... 90T4
Do' old 4s reg.106% Do 2d« ...;..... go
Do coupon 106% NR of Mex con 4s 7714
Ateh gen 4s 1C2% NYC gen 3%s.. m*
Do adj 4s 05 , N J C sen 5s. ...137%
Atlantic C L 4s. 8SI4 Nor Pac 4a icsS
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Do 3s 741?
Do 5%s ....... 03% Nor & W con 4s.lOl2
Central of Ga 6s.lIl%|OSL 4s & partlc. 97%
Do 1st ipc 79 . Pa conv 3% B ... ss%
Cbcs & Ohio 4UE.100 lReadUas eea is... 03
At the annual election of the Merchants' Ex
change on Tuesday the following were elected
directors: William Babcock. E. W. Hopkins,
Ijecn gloss. Wi'.Iiam J. Dutton, Juia Newman,
R. P. Schwerin, K. W. Van Sicklen. F. H.
Wheelan, U. K. Wood. James Hop*. James B.
Froith. The annual meeting of the exchange
*iil be held to-day at 2 p. m. ln the room of
the marine department-
Merchants' Exchange Election,
CHICAGO, July , 20. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creams, 13@17c; dairy. 13@15c. Eggs easy.
14%@15%c. Cheese easy,' 7%©8%o.
Buttcr, Cheese and Eggs.
covering their contracts, while sellers were
holding back for higher prices.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1@1 02%; new Brewing and Shipping
$105@l 12%; Chevalier, nominal. . ¦ ,
. -t FUTURES.
" Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
. Open. High. Low. Close
December . . .$1 .02% $1 03% $1 i>2% |i 03%
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 04.
OATS — Dealers continue to qnote a firmly
held but quiet market. New Reds are quoted
at $1 15@1 30' per cU.
CORN — There Is nothing new to report In
this market, which is inactive at the long
established prices. .
Western sacked, $1 45@1 47% for Yellow
$145@147% for White and $145 for Mixed :
California Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small
round do. $1 50@l 60; White, $1 45®1 50 ner
ctl; Egyptian. $U3O@1 35 for White and $125
@1 30 for Brown.
RYE— Continues quiet at $1 20@l 30 for new
and $1 30@l 32% for old. -
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal it $175@2 per ctL
'Flour and Millstitffs.
FLOUR-Californla Family Extras. $4 600
Or^nn 8^ w m f! : Baker8> Extras, $4 50@4 80:
per bbl Wa *hington, Jobbing at $3 85®4 25
folk. 1^ 8 *^? 8 " 1 * 1 " 1 * 56 " ln P«<*ages are as
fiycn™,rm? Ftonr ' $3 50 per 100 lbs;
t7. £} ou h * 360 ? Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
O«V n . eaI ' W 50: «tra cream do, $4 25;
wheaP^t 5 . 4 . J &» HomlD y- 510*23: Buek-
Fflri«. «. ur ; ft |4 50 @ 4 75; Cracked Wheat. $4;
Green P« B « a r r l ey ' **'¦ Split Peas, boxes, $7;
ureen Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedshiffs.
th?^Vi? ts^ f Hay * re *"°gether' too lar se and
™S *» *;eak, as will bo seen by the re
nothfnJ 3 n 8 -| TJ" aem *™* la «l°w. There Is
nothing new In Feedstuffs except the receipt of
will h» C .M ? **£ Feed from th « north - M
win be seen elsewhere
The circular of Somers & Co. saya of Hay:
™. T ? r^ as been qult « a rush of Hay to
market during the past week, the total being
4800 tons, in comparison with 3000 tons tot
mn«:t W f e^ P^ eCedlnB - We had thought that
most of tho farmers would hold back until the
st °f Au «ust. but we find that many of them
seem disposed to unload at prevailing prices,
bo that shipments are showing a steady In
crease. This has naturally resulted in a
weakening in prices and we note that to-day
quotations are at least 50o per ton off. The
choicer grades of Hay naturally meet with the
readiest sale; the medium grades are in some
what excessive supply and dragging badly. As
there Is still a great quantity of Hay which
I cannot find warehouse room, we expect a con
tinuance of heavy shipments for several weeks
to come.
"We have to report a .somewhat unusual
condition of affairs here, and that Is the very
I slack demand for Hay, which at this particular
time of the year is generally very heavy. The
genera] report of trade conditions Is a bit dis
couraging, for most of the wholesale houses
complain of very light orders, with the con
sequence that the teaming business hero Is
very dull. This has resulted ln many horses
being turned out, all of which materially
lessens the consumption of Hay.
"It has been reported that the farmers are
organizing In many districts, with the Idea
• of regulating the price of Hay. We do not
anticipate any extremely low figures this sea
son, but we believe the range will be some
what below the average of last year. The law
of supply and demand will prevail, although
the farmers can to a certain extent keep prices
from dropping to too low an ebb."
BRAN— $21022' per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@29 per ton.
SHORTS— »21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 C0®22 50
£ er ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3150®
32 50; Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake $22»23:
Corn Ceal, $30 60@31 50; Cracked Corn. $31®
32; Mixed Feed, $22@22 50; Horse Beans, $30®
40 Der ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $8#13; Wheat and Oat. $9®
II; Oat. $S 5O@lt: Barley and Oat. $7 f>O®ll>;
\olunteer Wild Oat. $7 f.0@9 50: stock. $6 50^
7 50; Clover, $7#»; Alfalfa. $7@10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40<gti0c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There was no further variation In quotations
yesterday. The firmness in Limas and Pinks
continued.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40^2 55; Pea, $2 90@3;
$3 25; small White, $1> 90<?3 10; large
White. |2 25Q2 50; P4nk. $3 50tf3 60: Red,
$4; Lima, $3 40(&3 50; Red Kidneys, $1 5OS5;
?«^ k ! y , e - * 2 ® 2 15 Per ctl; Horse Beans.
?-?/ 1 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, . nominal; Yellow
- V, r , J \ * 3: Flax - ** °°3 2 - 5 - Canary. 6%®
'?: Alfalfa. 15®15%c; Rape. 1%©1!%c; Timo
•>if«,?,'* c; Ifem P. 3%@3%o per lb; Millet.
-«!*r3'tc; Broom Com Seed. J2M321 per ton.
DRIED PSAS— Green Peas. $3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes continued to arrive freely and
the quotations for river Burbanks had a wider
range. The best offerings were firmly held, but
low-grade stock in sacks, which constituted
the bulk of the receipts, was ottered at easier
prices. Local trade was of a light Jobbing
character, but there was fair inquiry for cheap
stock for shipment to the Southwest as the
lower prices made it possible for dealers to
ship at a profit. Receipts of Onions con
tinued light and the market ruled firm, at a
further advance.
Miscellaneous vegetables were in free sup
ply and Lima Beans. Tomatoes and Chile Pep
pers were quoted lower. The ruling price for
fresh arrivals of Cucumbers and ! Summer
Squash was 25c per box. while there was
plenty of old stock to be had at 10?Jl5c. Bell
Peppers were firm at the prices established on
the preceding day and choice Green Corn was
ln good request at or near the top quotations
The other vegetables stood as previously
quoted.
POTATOES— New Burbanks from the river,
$1 20@l 75 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $2@2 15
per ctl: Early Rose, $1 2501 40; Garnet Chiles.
$1 25@1 40; old Potatoes. $1@1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— New Red. $1 60 per eack; Silver,
skins. $1 75@1 85 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1®1 75 per
sack or crate; Garden Peas, 3@5c per lb; String
and Wax Beans. 2@4c per lb; Lima Beans.
6@6c per lb; Tomatoes, in "small boxes and
crates, 40@65c; large open boxes, $1 25@1 50;
Summer Squash, 25@30c per dox; Cabbage,
$1 per ctl: Carrots. $1 per sack; Cucumbers.
25@30c per box; Garlic, 3@4c per lb; Egg
Plant. $1@1 25 per box; Dried Peppers, 8@H>c
for sun-dried and 12%#13c per lb for evapor
ated; Green Okra, 8®10c- per lb; Green Pep
pers, $1<&1 25 per box for Bell and 65cS$l for
Chile. '
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were nearly
100 coops and consisted chiefly of small young
chickens. There was no Western stock-re
ceived, however, and the receipts of domestic
cleaned up better than for some little while
back, but prices were no higher. Game was
in light receipt and prices were firmer all
around.
POULTRY — Live Turkevn. 14@15o per lb-
Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 60: Goslings, $1 250
1 50; Ducks, $4{?4 50 per dozen for old and
$405 for young; Hens. $ 5® 5 50 for large and
$4 60®5 for small; young Roosters, $8 5o@-7 50;
old Roosters, $4@4 60; Fryers, $4@5; Broilers,
$2 50@3 50 for large and J2@2 50 for Email;
Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and $1 25®1 50
for Squabs.
¦GAME-^WlId Doves, 75c per dosen; Hare,
$1 S.Vfj'l 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits,
$1 75@2 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The weakness In Butter continues and re
ceipts art excessive. Almost all houses are
extremely anxious to sell, as their stocks are
getting unmanageable, and some are forced to
store to get - rid of their surplus, though It
goes against the grain to etore at present
prices Close and posted buyers can fill their
wants at 20c and dairy descriptions are lo
lower. .
The situation in Cheese remains as before
stated.
Eggs are steadily weakening and posted buy
ers say that they can get all the ranch they
want at 26@27c. Most of the trade are rather
looking for. a decline. Stocks are too large
and the demand is slow, though with the open
ing of the schools next week a good many
people will return to town, when the demand
may improve.
Receipts were 100,400 lbs Butter, 1405 cases
Eggs and 18,100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTEH — Creamery at first hands, 21c for
extras and 20c for firsts; dairy, 17@19c; store
Butter, 14@16c; Eastern creamery, 19%S20c;
Eastern ladle-packed, . 14@15%c per lb.
CHEESE — 0Q9%c for choice mild new and
8S8%c for lower grades; Young Americas, 11©
ll%c; Eastern. 10@15c: Utah. 12c per lb.
EGGS-^Ranch, 25@2Sc for fair to choice;
store. 19#22%c; Eastern, 2O@22%o for flrsta
and 17®10c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market bad a better, tone and was
ln pretty good shape for sellers under lighter'
receipts of several varieties and a good demand
for local and n>ar-by account. As previously
mentioned, the crop of Hale's Early Peaches
ln the river districts is about exhausted and
yesterday's arrivals consisted almost entirely
of yellow varieties, which moved off freely at
firmer prices, " with occasional lots of. strictly
fancy In carriers commanding a premium.
There- were "about 500 baskets of early yellow
kinds- received from the river and one small
lot of Sawyer Seedlings was firmly held at $1
per basket. Apricots in bulk were keenly
competed for by rival canners. who were pay
ing full figures for supplies. Gilt-edged lots
from Martinez sold In small parcels to the
regular trade at 3c per pound and some fancy
Royals from the Wataonvllle region were
firmly held at the same figure. Offerings In
small packages were neglected and prices were
largely nominal. Bartlett Pears continued to
arrive freely and ruled weak,- with the can
! ners- paying ¦ $30 per ton for No. 1 stock and
35S50C per box for culls and windfall*, : Low-
With the exception of some Improvement bx
the Comstock mining shares the boards were
uninteresting yesterday, with trading dull all
around. The only fluctuation worthy of note
on the Stock and Bond Exchange was a decline
In Spring Valley to $3tt 50. Alaska Packers
sold at $134.
The Overman Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c. delinquent August 23. '
Ex-dlvidend yesterday: Spring Valley Wa
ter Company, regular quarterly. C3c per share,
amounting to $170,400; California Fruit Can
ners Association, regular monthly. 60c per
sbare, amounting to $17,349 50; Home Oil Com
pany, regular monthly. 2%o per share, amount
ing to $2500: the Kirt-m^n'si Fund Insurance
Company, regular quarterly. $3 per share; Cali
fornia Powder Works (new corporation) the
usual monthly of 5o cents: the North Star
Minea Company of Grass Valley. 25 cents. •
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 10 cents per share, payable July 23.
Business Still Inactive and Unin
teresting.. „ -
Chi A Alton 3%9. 78 | S L A I M con 5s.ll6%
C, B & Q new 4s. O7>6 S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
C\M & SP gn 4s.lO7% St Louis SW lsts. 96% !
<T& NW con 7a. 130 | Seaboard A L 4s. 69
C. R I & Pac 4s. 72 So Pacific 4s 84%
„£» col 5s 82%|So Railway 6s.... 115 '
C.C.c & SLgn 4s.l0i%|Tex & Pac Ist8..119
Chi Term 4s 74 |T. St L & W 4s. 73%
Cons Tobacco 4a. C4 | Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s S4V4 Do conv 4s 104
Colo F & I 5s... 73 US Steel 2d 5s.. 79
Den & Rio G 4s.lOO Waba/sh lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% Do deb B 60
Do gen 4s S5% W & L Erie 4s... 91%
F W & DC lsts.104% Wls Central 4s... 90
Hock Vaj/4%s...l07% , .
. ¦ NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20! Little Chief . 05
Alice 201Ontarlo 3 50
Bruns Con ...... lllOphlr .; 2 10
Breece lOiPhoenlx 12
Com Tunnel .... 0«|Potost IS
Con Cal & Va. .. 951 Savage 20
Horn Silver 1 451 Sierra Nevada ... 20
Iron Silver l «5| Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con ... 02 1 Standard : 2 10
Bosion Stocks and Botxjs.
Money— United Fruit 104
Call los/ls 2@3% U S Steel... 12%
Time loans 3®3% Do pfd ..." C2
Bonds — Westing Common. SI
Atchlson 4s 101% I Mining—
Do adj 4s 04% Adventure ...:... Stt
Mex Central 4s... 62% Allouez 8%
Railroads — Amal Copper .... 63
Atchison 7S% Amer Zinc 12
Do pfd 97% Blngham 27
Boston & Albany.247 Calumet & Hecla.470
Boston & Maine.. 167 Copper Range ... 57
Boston Blev 151 Daly West . 16%
Fltchburg pfd 138 | Dom Coal 44
Mex Central 9%IFranklin 7%
N Y, N H & H..194 | Grancy 3
Pere Marquette. . . 74 Isle Royal* lUi
Union Pacific 97%lMass Mining .... 4%
Miscellaneous — | Michigan 4%
Amer ArgeChem. 15% Mohawk .'43
Do pfd 75 Mont Coal & Coka 4%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Old Dominion ... 14
Amer Sugar 120% Osceola 63%
Do pfd 12!) (Parrot ..75
.Amer Tel & Tel. 132% Qulncy 87
-Amer Woolen ... ll%|Shannon ......... 6%
Do pfd 77%|Tamarack 90
Dom Iron & S... 8%|Trlnlty 7%
Ed Elect Ilium.. .248 |U S Mining 23
Gen Electric 164 U S Oil .* 11V1
Mass Electric... 19% Utah 38%
Do Pfd 74 Victoria 3%
Mass Gas S4Vi Wlnona 8%
In Shoe Mach...l60 Wolverine 75
Do pfd ...30
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money.. R8 11-16! N Y Central ..... 123
Do acct $8 13-161 Nor & Western... «4
Anaconda 3T{I Do pfd 89 ¦
•££ °JL R1% Ont & "Western... 31%
r>o pfd po% Pennsylvania 62>.;
Bait & Ohio S8 Rand Mines 9*J
Can Pacific 12S%!Rpading 27%
Ches & Ohio 35%! Do 1st pM 4.1
Ch| Great West.. 15%| Do 2d pfd 36%
Chi Mil & St P.153U so Railway 25%
De Beers ifi«4i Do pfd ...91%
Den & Rio G 23V,|So Pacific M
Do pfd 74V, Union Pacific .... 9I)Vi
E"* • • 2«!Vi Do pfd 96%
Do lot pfd «»U,IU P Steel 1.1
Do 2d pfd 40%! Do pfd 63%
111 central 140 IWabaeh IS
Louis & Nash 120%) r>> pfd 88
M. K & Texas... lStt|8ranish 4s S5',J
Bar silver— Steady. 26"«d per ounce.
Money— 2<&2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
snort bills is 2 11-16@2% per cent and for
three months' bills 2%iff2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. July 20.— To-day's treas
ury statement shows available cash balance
?}4S,103,04S; gold. $50,959,160.
AVw Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS, July 20.— Cotton, firm;
midlands lie.
» — m.
Nevj York Cottoit Market.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Cotton futures
opened weak; August, 10.51c; September,
9.76c; October. 9.57c; December, 0.51c; Janu
ary, 9.53c. Futures closed steady; July,
U».t>2c; August, 10.61c; September, OrflSc; Oc
tober. 9.68c; November. 9.C0c; December,
9.64c; January. 9.67c; February, 9.67c; March
9.71c 8pot closed quiet, 5 points higher;
middling uplands, lie; middling gulf, 11,25c;
sales. 130 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 20.— FLOUH— Receipts,
13,hOO barrels; exports. 700 barrels.- Market
dull and without features.
WHEAT — Receipts. ltjOO bushels; spot, easy-
No. 2 red. nominal elevator; No. 2 red,' $1 07
f. o. b. aftoat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 0S%
t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal,
f. o. b. afloat. The market closed 8 to 11
points net lower. May, 01%@92%c. closed at
91%c; July. $1 01%@l 03. closed at $1 01%;
September. 91@O2 l-16e, closed at OlVic- De
cember. 91 1-I6g91%c, cloeed-at 90»ic.
HOPS— Quiet. •
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: futures closed
steady at a net decline of 5®15 points; total
rales. 73,500 bags, including July, 5. S0#5. 90c;
September, ti.«i3o; December, 6.2©@<5.3Oc-
March, 6. 50^6. 60c; Slay. 6.65@6.75c.
StT.AR- Raw, firm: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Steady and unchanged,
CHEESE— Quiet. State, full cream, large,
white, fair to good, 7Q7%c; large, poor, 6%®
t%c.
EGGS— Steady and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, with demand equal to meet press
ing needs only. Holders, however aro confi
dent of finding the place for remaining sup
plies and prices are steadily held. Common
are quoted at 4®5%c; prime, 6®6%c; choice
CVi^6%c; fancy. 7c.
PRUNES— Are attracting little attention
either for spot or future delivery, and quota
tions are more or less nominal. They ranee
from 2%c to 6*4c, according to grade.-
APRICOTS — For future delivery show firm
ness ou the coast and spot supplies are also
firmly held. Choice. 9%@10c; extra choice
10%©10%c; fancy, ll®13c.
PEACHES — For August shipment are held
at 6%c for choice. Spot peaches are firm at
7(57Uc for choice, 7%©8c for extra choice, 9%
©10c for fancy.
. f -¦ . .- ¦ .
New York Metal Market. '
NEW YORK. July 20.— Tin was higher to
day In both the local and foreign markets.
In London it closed at £120 for spot and £120
12» 6d for futures, while the New York price
was advanced to $26 30@25 50.
Copper was a little lower* in London, with
rpot closlmr at £57 11s 3d and futures £57
1O«. • Locally copper wag steady to firm. Lake
Is quoted at $12 75*213; electrolytic, $12 ffiiv-i©
12 75; casting. $12 37%@12 60. .
Lead was steady at $4 SO1?>1 35 in New
York. > In London it was a shade higher at
£11 13s Od.
Spelter was unchanged at £22 2s 6d in
London and $4 85@4 95 in the local market
Iron closed at 51g 9d In Glasgow and 42s
In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet. No
1 foundry, northern. Is quoted at $14 50@lK*
No. 2 foundry. , northern. $13.75ig>14 25; No, 1
foundry. Bouthern. and No. 1 foundry, south
ern, soft. $13 C5@13 75.
New York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. July 20.— While a better tone
Is still manifest in the majority. of lines actual
business In dry goods has not shown much
enlargement. Sellers show increasing Import
ance and according to recent estimates of cur
tailment the outlook for firmness Is especially
bright.
STOCK MABKET,
WASHINGTON.
Flour. «jr «ks... 9.2161 Shorts, sks 633
Bran, sks 5.3S-SI Flaxseed. sks ... 838
Feed, eks S(X>: Wool bales t
CHICAGO. July 20.— Cash , quotations were
as» follows: Flour, flrm: No. 2 spring wheat.
08@Wc; No. 3, SS@94c; No. 2 corn, 49%c: No.
2 yellow, 50U@50%c No. 2 oats. 40V&C; No. 3
white. 40%@43%c; No. 2 rye. 74%c;"good feed-
Ins: barley, 35@3Sc; fair to choice malting.
43S'50c; No. lflaxseed, $1 17; No. 1 North
western, $1 21; prime timothy seed. $2 95;
mess pork, per bbl $12 65@12 70; lard, per
100 lbs, $6 75@6.77%; short ribs sides (loose).
$7 12%®7 25; short clear sides (boxed). $7 25<g>
7 50; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $10 7518*11. ¦
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 36,200 13,500
Wheat, bu 26»000 , -37,000
Corn, bu 238,000 37,800
Oats, bu 181,300 86,900
Rye, ' bu 4,000 2 900
Barley, bu 34,800 8.000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Hwfc
.— »» • . ¦
Wall-street stocks irregular, with little change. -
Local Stocks and Bonds still inactive.
Sterling Exchange lower. Europe on London higher.
Wheat and Barley still firm all over the State.
Oats, Com an&Rye as before quoted..
Hay weak and lower under very large receipts.
Fccdstuffs steady, with fresh arrivals from the north.
No further fluctuation in Beans or Seeds.
New Potatoes coming in freely. Onions higher.
J'egctables in liberal supply and weak.
Poultry cleaning up better and Game firmer.
. Fresh Fruits in better demand and shozvuig more tone.
Provisions dull and dragging everywhere.
Hops inactive, with very good crop prospects.
Veal in ovcrsupply and weak. Other Meats uncltanged.
Butter and Eggs weak and slow under large supplies.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
down 20c at $12 70; lard was off 7V/c at $6 85;
ribs showed a loss of 12%c@15c at $7 45. .
The leading futures Tanged as follows:
' Articles.* Open. Hich. Low. Close.
Wheat, No.! 2 — * " ' -• • ¦ ¦ — ' :
July, old ....... . 9«K 06% 83% 94
July, new ..... 96 • 06,, 95% 95%
September, old. 89% P9% 88 SS%
September, new. 88% SS% 86% 87%
July^.f:?'.."" 40% '49%. 4S% 49%
September ..... 49% 49% 49 .49^
December ..... 46 . " 46 45% 45%
JuTy 1 ' 8 '.. . 2 .7. 39% 39% 39% I 39%
September 33% ' 3 ?tt 32% S2i&
December 33% 33% 33% 33%
Mess rork, per bbl —
July \ 12 65
September 12 $7% 12 97% 12 67% 12 70
October 12 80 12 85 12 70 12 70
Lard per 100 lbs —
July •••• 6 75
September 6 80 6 90 6 85 6 85
October ....... 6 95 • 6 95 6 50 890
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 7 75
September 7 50 7 57% 7 45 7 45
October 7 65 7 55 7 47% 7 47%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAfX, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
| Chicago Board of Trade. |
<.. . — _
NEW YORK. July 20.— The weak closlnr of
to-day's stork market followed a day of w»n
maintained firmness up to within fifteen mln
utes of th« clotlnr. when price* fell u«»ii i
and 2 pdnti all through tie Um, esiafciishln*
considerable net loe»e« at some point! For
the rrcattr part of the day speculative "senti
treist seemed to maintain lu indl-e-ence ta
evenu or suggestions of a threatening natnre
The skeptical tone of an influential element of
the traders over, the duration and extent of the
»4vance wa* not without effect on eenUmeat.
N civ York Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCTION SUES
120 Horses for Sale
By order of MR. R. C. DIXON of Colusa, CaL.
I will aell at PUBLIC AUCTION
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY BROKEN
AND UNBROKEN HORSES, weighing from
1000 to 1400 pounds.
This consignment consists of a very select
lot of young geldings and mares soluble for
all. class of wcrk.
- Sale takes place
• this uA-sr.
THURSDAY. JULY 21. at U a. ra.. at
J. B. HORAN'S SALE YARD. Cor. lOUx and
BRYANT STS.
Horse* can be seen at yard any day
previous to sale.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.Tour wedding Invitations should be made by
Edward Knowlea Company, 24 Second sL •
Rabbi Kaplan Will Preach Here.
Rabbi B. M. Kaplan. M. A., of Sac
ramento and president of .the Asso
ciated Charities of Sa*cramento Coun
ty, will occupy the pulpit of the Bush
street synagogue on Saturday morn
ing, July 23, which is a special Sab
bath known in the' Jewish ritual as
the "Sabbath of comfort." Rabbi Kap
lan will deliver an address appropriate
to the occasion. The public is cor
dially Invited to the 8eryico,
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday recommended the doing of
street and sidewalk work on Spear
street, between Market and Mission;
Sacramento street, . between Spruce
and Maple streets; Third avenue, be
tween Fulton and Clement streets;
Second avenue, between H and Hugo
streets; Castro street, between Twen
tieth and Twenty-first streets; Clem
ent street, between Eleventh and
Twelfth avenues; 1 1 street, between
Tenth and Eleventh' avenues, and
Hugo street, between Second and
Third avenues, • •' ¦ : <¦ ¦
Recommends Street Work.
John Kerr, first assistant engineer
of the United States transport Buford,
who. had been held for trial by Com
missioner Heacock on a charge of
having broken the Jaw of Frank Ra
mos, a fireman in the harbor of Nag
asaki, was admitted to ball yesterday
by United States Circuit Judge Mor
row in the sum of $3000. His trial
was set for, Monday 'of, next week.
Judge Morrow, will call the term 'cal
endar on Mohdav.
Jndge Morrow Resumes Work.
Fung Tom, a stockholder in the
Stanley Aerial Navigation Company,
yesterday commenced suit in the Su
perior Court for the ousting of the
directors, Charles Juergensen, S. I.
Jacobs, C. E. Clark, John Stelner, E.
D. C. Hennessey, and E. H. Normand.
He alleges that in the election of di
rectors, June 2, 1903. the stock of D.
W. Boyer was voted by a person who
was not a stockholder in the company
and had no proxy. In the election on
June 7, 1904, Boyer's stock and that
of Henry A. Michelson was voted In
the same way. For this reason Tom
alleges that the election was Illegal.
Seeks to Oust Directors.
People who go to Yosemite via the Raymond-
Wawona route find the stage travel excellent
because of the oiled road. This route Is short
est, yet It takes In everything worth seeing.
The only route that shows you the famous
Marlposa groves of big trees, enters the valley
at Inspiration ' Point and leaves via Glacier
Point. Folders and maps of any Southern Pa
cific agent, or at 613 Market street. •
Oiled Roads to Yosemite Valley.
The members of the Lorlngr Club will read
a history of that great musical organization In
the same number of the strenuous Pacific
Coast magazine. The Overland Monthly Is il
lustrated by the finest artists and engravers
In the country, and it will pay any one .who
has any home Dride to take up the August
number for purposes of comparison.
The August Issue, on the news stands the
27th of July, Is called the Triennial Conclave
number, and It is a special edition of more
than usual merit. . •
Members of .the order of Knights Templar
will undoubtedly be surprised at the article In
the Overland Monthly for August, entitled
"In. Hoc Signo Vlnces." The writer" Is- a
Mason and a Templar; but. as the article deals
with some of the Inner secrets of the order,
he has no desire to tlve his name to the
public.
Knights Templar Number.
Felix Nymalm, a Finn sailor, com
mitted suicide shortly after 5 o'clock
last night by Jumping into the bay off
the Folsom-street bulkhead. The act
was witnessed by Stanley Edgar, an
employe of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. Nymalm was seen to walk
to the edge of the wharf, deliberately
lcok around \o see if any one was
watching him and then cast himself
into the water. The corpse was re
covered and transferred to the
Morgue. The dead sailor was living
in a lodging-house at 239 Steuart
street and had been despondent for
some time. He was 28 years of ago
and a member of the Sailors' Union.
Sailor Jumps Into the Bay.
Federal Officials Take Trip.
Acting Customs Surveyor Chauncey
M. St. John took a Federal party on a
trip last Sunday to the summit of
Mount Tamalpais. The party consist
ed of Colonel G. F. Cross of Washing
ton. D. C; Special Treasury Agent
George E. Channing and Caleb W.
West, former Governor of Utah, and
Captain J. W. Andrew, U. S. A. After
lunch at the tavern the party returned
to Mill Valley on the gravity car, pi
loted by Mr. Runyon of the directo
rate of the scenic railway.
I The demurrer of the alliance to the
complaint of Will J. French, president
of the printers' organization, was over
ruled and ten days was granted in
which to answer.
In the opinion the court holds that
the alliance label closely resembles
that used by the printers and was in
tentionally so designed as announced
by the alliance itself in its circular.
Superior Judge Sloss, in a long writ
ten opinion, yesterday sustained the
contention of the Typographical Union
that it had a property right in the
union label used on printed matter
and the court ordered that the Citi
zens' Alliance be enjoined from using
a similar device pending litigation.
Judge Sloss Holds That Printers Have
Exclusive Risht to Use of
Their Label.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
SECURES AN INJUNCTION
Grand Personally Conducted Excur
sion
Leaves Saturday. July 23: $28 50 round
trip. In one way and out another, around
the famous "double loop." Passes direct
ly through two groves of giant sequoias.
Special care for women and children.
You will pet the best of everything on
the Santa Fe. A rare chance to visit the
famous valley. Inquire at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. •
TO YOSE31ITE VALLEY.
Mr. Van Ness went Into the testi
mony in the present case and declared
that the evidence was overwhelming
in its proof of the various acts of the
Stablemen's Union in attempting to in
jure Pierce's business, the acts includ
ing attacks upon non-union men,
threats of violence, abuse and boycott.
The attorney for the stable owner
then attacked the constitutionality of
the law of 1903 regarding the injunc
tion of unions for . acts in connection
with trade disputes. He held that it
was unconstitutional under the pro
visions of both the State and Federal
constitutions, chiefly because it Is spe
cial legislation and interferes with the
right to protect property in the courts.
The limit of the rights of labor
unions, Mr. Van Ness pointed out, is
reached when they seek, through
peaceful means, to better their condi
tion. It rests with them, he continued,
whether their object will be attained.
If they continue to coerce and threaten
and abuse; if they lend their aid to
those that injure and maim and mur
der, as they have done in the past,
there can be but one result. The Gov
ernment will declare all so-called labor
organizations to be nothing more nor
Ies3 than criminal conspiracies and
they will be disbanded wherever found.
In conclusion Mr. Van Ness said:
"The right of people to conduct their
affairs without interference Is a natural
right and one the law recognizes. The
courts are going to protect the free cit
izens of this country in the exercise
of this right and to do it they will ex
ercise the power of injunction. I ad
mit and recognize the fact that labor
unions have the right to fix the hours
its members shall work and the wages
they shall be paid if they can find em
ployers that are willing to accept the
same, but they have no right to de
mand that they be accepted and to riot
and murder if they are refused."
At the conclusion of Mr. Van Ness'
argument the case was continued until
this morning at 10 o'clock.
The side of the Citizens' Alliance
and the stable owners in the test case
involving the right of labor unions to
institute boycotts and commit other
alleged unlawful acts against business
enterprises declared "unfair." was pre
sented to Judge Hunt yesterday in the
argument of T. C. Van Ness. To-day
Judge Magulre will set forth the side
of the Stablemen's Union. The case
has occupied much of Judge Hunt's
time for the past two weeks and gen
eral interest has been manifested in
It by those for and against the meth
ods of unions.
E. G. Pierce, owner of the Nevada
Stable, sued for an injunction against
the Stablemen's Union and pending the
decision in the case obtained from
Judge Hunt an order restraining the
union and its members from placing
pickets in front of his place of busi
ness and committing acts of violence.
Mr. Van Ness opened his argument
yesterday morning with a citation of
decisions of the New York Court of
Appeals and of Federal Judge Thayer
of the Eighth Circuit, both holding
that the acts of unions tending to In
jure persons, business or property were
illegal and that the employer Is en
titled to the protection of the law.
Attorney Van Ness Attacks
Constitutionality of Act
Favoring Labor Unions
SCENE AT MODEL. LODGING
HOUSE FIRE AND MAN WHO
COST HIS LIFE.
EMPLOYERS'
SIDE ARGUED
The plea was self-defense and the
Supreme Court intimates that the de
fendant should have been aquitted on
the legal evidence presented.
The Supreme Court has granted a
new trial to Hulbert R. Wright, who
k'.lied Henry C. Farley on May 23,
1S03. at Yankee Hill, Butte County,
in a rifle duel over the victim's di
vorced -wife. Evidence presented by
the prosecution showing undue inti
macy between Mr?. Farley and the de
fendant is held to have been Irrelevant
and prejudicial. Wright was sen
tenced to ten years* imprisonment.
The defendant and the deceased had
had trouble over Mrs. Farley several
times before the shooting. The woman
had secured a divorce from her hus
band, but he continued to be jealous
of her. On the day of the tragedy
Farley appeared at his former wife's
house unannounced and threatened to
kill Wright, who was visiting her.
Wright fled and Farley commenced
shooting from the porch. Then
Wright, who was carrying a rifle,
turned and shot down his assailant
Supreme Court Thinks Principle Evi
dence Against Defendant Should
Sot Have Been Admitted.
JirLBERT It. WRIGHT IS
GRANTED A NEW TRIAL
Thomas Lester was employed in
the City Street Sweeping De
partment. He was called as usual
The first notice taken of the fire was
by R. W. Martland of 738 Mission
street, who saw smoke pouring out
of the windows about 10:30 a. m. He
rang for a chemical, which promptly
appeared on the scene, and ladders were
run up to the building. Captain Sayers
made an inspection, but found no
fire. He retraced his steps and was in
the act of driving away when a man
appeared at an upper window yelling
"Fire!" An alarm was then sent in
for the department. Captain Sayers
and his men again ran up their lad
ders and dragged their hose with them.
The smoke of the fire, combined with
the fumes of the sulphur, made it al
most impossible to work in the build
ing.
Dozens of ladders were stuck up
against the burning structure and tor
rents of water poured In by Hie depart
ment. After an hour's hard fight the
fire was drowned out.
For a time it looked as though the
flames would be carried by the strong
westerly wind into the Thomas Day
Company building at 719-725 Mission
street, but they were checked before
they reached it. The upper floors of the
Day building weVe filled with smoke,
but it is not thought the damage will
be much. The stock of gas and elec
tric fixtures, etc., is valued at $300,000
and is all of a delicate nature, easily
damaged by smoke and water.
A disastrous fire accompanied by
death occurred yesterday at the Model
lodging-house building, 737 Mission
street. The loss will run into many
thousands. The unfortunate man who
lost his life was Thomas Lester, who
was suffocated while trying to make
his way to the street.
The lodging-house and the stores un
derneath were completely deluged by
the great volume of water the depart
ment was compelled to throw on the
flames before it got them under con
trol. The lodging-house was a cheap
resort, containing about 500 rooms, 200
of which were occupied. Had the fire
occurred at night the loss of life would
probably have btcn preat.
The cause of the fire is more or less
a mystery. A portion of the house was
being fumigated* and it is supposed the
sulphur which was being burned in
iron pans may have set fire to the
woodwork.
Relative to the petition of the Ray
mond Granite Company for a per
mit to construct a spur track on Utah
street, the board decided to take no
action on such petition until a suit
now on trial in the Superior Court is
decided to determine the power of the
Supervisors to order the granting of
the permits.
Inspector Griffin was directed to no
tify property-owners on Fourth street
maintaining sub-cellars under the
sidewalks to move them back forth
with, as it is purposed to widen the
roadway of the street at once.
The Board of Works yesterday
adopted the specifications prepared by
the City Engineer for the extension,
grading and macadamizing of Nine
teenth avenue, between Trocadero
road and Ocean avenue, and the secre
tary was directed to request the Su
pervisors for authority to do the work
at an estimated cost of $5000.
The application of the San Fran
cisco Construction Company to do
street work on Sixth avenue, between
I and J streets, was denied, for the
reason that the city will be liable for
a portion of the work and no provision
was made in the budget to meet the
expense of work performed in front
of city property. The board will pe
tition the Supervisors to appropriate
$20,000 for such work.
The resignation of John Johns", as
sistant to the city chemist, was ac
cepted.
The specifications prepared by the
department of 'electricity for poles for
a permanent scheme of illumination
of Market street were approved and
bids invited for the work.
Board of Works Adopts Specifications
and Orders Bids Invited for the
Improvement.
PREPARES TO EXTEND
NINETEENTH AVENUE
A telegraphic dispatch yesterday
from Reno announced that Oddie and
his young wife had separated and it
toJd of the husband's hasty flight to
this city, where he was supposed to
be in conference with attorneys re
garding his contemplated suit.
The dispatch contained one error and
that was the confounding of Mrs. Od
die'B mother, formerly Mrs. Clara Bell
McDonald, with the mining man's
wife, who is about 22 years of age.
Shortly after their arrival here yes
terday Mrs. Scoville and Gardner con
veyed to Oddie their desire to meet him
and the mining man joined them at
the Palace in the forenoon and was in
conference with his wife's relatives
for some time. It was reported later
that Oddie steadfastly refused to enter
tain a suggestion of reconciliation and
intimated that he would file his suit for
divorce in Nevada in a few days.
Mrs. Helen M. Scoville of New York
and P. S. Gardner of Carson City.
aunt and uncle of Mrs. Clara Oddie,
whose husband, the millionaire mining
man of Tanopah. is reported to be pre
paring to sue his wife for divorce,
arrived here yesterday morning from
Reno and are registerd at the Palace
Hotel. The sole purpose of their hur
ried visit to San Francisco is to effect,
if possible, a reconciliation between
Oddie and his wife, who were married
but a few months ago.
At a conference yesterday morning
between the master brewers and the
men $21 a week with 65 cents fiou^r
for overtime was offered by the own
ers. This offer was unanimously ac
cepted by the Breweryraen's Union at
a meeting held in the evening.
A notice was posted in the quarters
of the union ordering all the men to
return to work to-day. The agreement
will be formally ratified to-night. It
is to last for two years. This com
promise ends a strike that threatened
to be a long and bitter one. It might
have involved a number, or unions had
it lasted.
The bookbinders settled their differ
ences with their employers .yesterday.
The apprentice question was amicably
settled.
The brewery employes' strike is off.
All differences are adjusted and the
men return to work to-day.
The heaviest loss probably falls on
the Holmes Book Company. According
to the statement of the manager, H. G.
Lambert, the stock was w.rth in the
vicinity of $25,000. It is all more or less
damaged by water. Robert Holmes,
the owner, is In Los Angeles, and as
the Insurance policies were In his safe
deposit vault the amount of the Insur
ance carried could not be ascertained.
The Pioneer paper box factory, on
the second floor in the rear of 727 Mis
sion street, was badly gutted by water
and also damaged by fire. The factory
belongs to the estate of C. Thiebaut,
deceased. The business is being man
aged by his son, E. Thiebaut, who
stated the loss to be about $1500.
Sperry's Wire and Iron Works, 'at 735
Mission street, was damaged' by water,
but the prompt action of the fire patrol
In covering up the heavy machinery on
the floor prevented what would. ' have
otherwise been a serious loss.: ""•««'«
The L. H. Butcher Company, at 741
Mission street, also suffered a water
damage to their paints', and oils. W.
D. Colt,, the manager,: estimated the
stock to be. valued at $10,000,, with In
surance of $8000. He thought his loss
was between < 25 and 50 per cent of the
valuation.
M. Rosenbaum, who keeps a.second
hand store at 739 Mission street, states
his stock is completely ruined. He car
ried an Insurance of $1000, which' he
said would hardly cover his loss.
Joe Hotter's "stock, of .'-window
shades, at 727 Mission •street,- was only
slightly damaged.
and sometimes not returning until next
morning. On June 9, without notice,
she went to Seattle for "her health,"
and the husband did not know where
she was until she wired for money to
come home.
OTHER DIVORCES.
Other divorces were granted yester
day by Judge Kerrigan to Fred-JC.
Miller from Harrlette E. Miller, oifjphe
ground of cruelty; to Day S. Hutchins
from Estelle Hutchins, for desertion;
to Mary A. Bird from Thomas E. Bird,
for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by Alblna
Henry against Ch»rles Henry, for
desertion; Mary Buchanan against
James W. Buchanan, for neglect;
James Gardner against Annie Gardner,
for cruelty; Matilda O. , de Lorenzo
against Emanuel A- Lorenzo, for cruel
ty. In the Gardner case the husband
alleges that they were married July 1,
1902, and that on June of last year she
commenced to frequent public dance
halls with strange men. One evening
she did not come home and he found
her in the Golden Gate Fark with a
strange man. When he reproached her
she Is said to have cursed him and told
him she hated him.
at 5 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and after dressing announced to
the night watchman who had called
him that he was not going to work, but
intended taking a day off. He went
out to breakfast and then came back
and loitered around the office. When
the cry of fire was raised he started to
go up to his room. No. 67, pre
sumably to get his effects." He
was advised by the manager,
A. H. Cook. not to eo. He
The transition from housekeeper at
a salary of $15 a month to wife without
pay proved an unsatisfactory change
for Lydla E. R. Bailey, wife of James
S. Bailey, a soapmaker. They were
wedded on last St. Valentine's day, and
yesterday she commenced a suit for di
vorce on the ground of cruelty. The
five months of married life was a real
ity far below the rosy promises made
by Bailey when he importuned Mrs.
Wadhams to become his helpmate.
Two months before the wedding she
had entered his employ as housekeeper,
the family consisting of Bailey, an
adult son and an adopted daughter 13
years old. Mrs. Wadhams had a 14
year-old eon, Roy, and she says that
Bailey promised to clothe, feed and ed
ucate him if the mother would marry.
She accepted the offer, and now de
clares Bailey immediately commenced a
system of neglect and abuse. He used
vile language, was addicted to strong
drink and was an Inveterate smoker of
"vile tobacco."
Furthermore, says she, he was slov
enly and uncleanly in his habits, and
would go three or four weeks without
bathing, notwithstanding that he
worked in his son's "soap factory and
reeked with the filth of the place. In
addition to this the stepdaughter be
came arrogant and impudent. On June
15 Mrs. Bailey left the home at 1127
Silver avenue, and avers that Bailey
offered her $250 if she would not go into
the courts. She says that he is earning
$65 a month, has about $2500 in bank
and owns . shares In the South San
Francisco Masonic Hall Association.
She demands $35 a month alimony, and
secured an order from Judge Troutt re
straining Bailey from disposing of his
property pending the hearing of the
suit. ' .
GRIPMAX IS CRUEL.
Maud Potter's lot was not a happy
one after she married George H. Potter,
a United Railroads gripman, on May
27, 1900. In her complaint for divorce
she says that almost immediately after
their marriage he commenced his abuse
by complaining of her housekeeping
and cooking. In November, 1903, they
were living In "a lonely and sparsely
settled" part of Berkeley, and he would
not come home until the early morning
hours. In March last he is said to have
threatened to kill her, and to have re
peated the threat on various occasions
up to July 10. when she took refuge In
her father's home. After that he made
so much disturbance in the neighbor
hood, she says, that her father had to
appeared somewhat dazed at the time,
but was not to any extent under the
influence of liquor. That was the last
seen of him until Captain Sayers and
Lieutenant Ceder, who were crawling
upstairs on their hands and knees,
butted into Lester, who was also on
his hands and knees, trying: ' to
crawl downstairs. They immediately
carried him downstairs, but he died
before they reached the street.
As he lay stretched out on the side
walk. Father Horn, who thought him
still alive, pronounced the last sacra
ment of the Catholic church. The body
was taken to the Morgue and in the
afternoon was removed to the resi
dence of his sister, Mrs. Mary Cussic,
at 755 Harrison street. His wife dieH
several years ago. He was 48 years ol *V
The damaged buildings are owned by
the Shiels Estate Company. They are
valued at about 516,000 and insured for
$10,000, which fully covers the loss,
which is perhaps 25 per cent of the
valuation.
A. M. Sharp is owner of the lodging
house. He expects to refit it at once.
He values the furniture and contents
at $20,000. A large portion will be a
total loss. He is partially covered by
insurance.
call the police.
With the same effort to avoid notice
evidenced when his suit for divorce
was (lied, Peter Lamb appeared yes
terday afternoon with Attorney Os
mont, In Judge Hunt's court and upon
a showing of cruelty was granted an
interlocutory decree of divorce from his
wife, Susie Edythe Lamb. Lamb's
complaint is silent upon matters by
which the parties might be identified
and her answer making general de
nials of his allegations contain no bet
ter clew. The complaint does not even
tell where they were married except
that the knot was tied In this State on
July 4, 1898. In November, 1903, Mrs.
Lamb Is said to have gone to Boston
with her mother and to have made a
side trip alone to New York, leading
¦".ier husband to believe that her mother
was with her. After her return from
the East, during the months of March,
April and May last, she was In the
habit of absenting herself from their
apartments all night, without ex
planation. On one occasion she went
out of the back daor of a restaurt-nt
leaving Lamb waiting for her, but she
did not return and he did not see her
again until next day. She is also said
to have been In the habit of taking
afternoon drives In Golden Gate Park
Conference at the Palace
Between Husband and the
Aunt of Spouse Is Fruitless
Brewery Men Are Ordered
Back and the Agreement
Stands for Two Years
Maud Potter Says Husband
Threatened to Kill Her.
Peter Lamb Gets Divorce
ARE TO RETURN TO-DAY
CRUELTY IS ALLEGED
INSISTS OX A DIVORCE
Millionaire Mining Man Ke
fuses Overtures Made by
Relatives ' of His Wife
Says Five Months of Mar
ried Life Is More Than
Sufficient in This Case
Masters Compromise 'With
Men and the Terms Are
Accepted by the Union
Is Dragged Out by Brave Firemen, but Too Late to Save
His Life— Flames in a Mission-Street Building Cause
Heavy Damage to the Structure and Its Contents
ODDIE SCORNS
RECONCILIATION
BREWERS WILL
RESUME WORK
SOAPMAKER'S
WIFE REVOLTS
THOMAS LESTER SMOTHERED
IN LODGING-HOUSE BLAZE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1904.
16
HALE'S. | . TTATVR^L :*is-_
At Hale s — Trunks
Opportunity to get better trunks — to pay less than you-
ever expected to pay.
What with the conventions and the St. Louis Fair, we knew
trunks would be in greater demand than ever this year, and that
trunk bargains would be harder to find than ever.
|We got into the market early and bought more than we gen-
erally do even for six stores.
See the result of this forehandinesa to-day: Makers are human. If you
could sell a hundred trunks where you've been accustomed to selling twelve.
you could afford to. an* would, take greater pains In making them at lower
prices. You'd be thinking of future orders as big — So were these makers, with
the result we've trunk values such as can't be equaled elsewhere in San
Francisco to-day. If you need a new trunk, or if you need one in time to
come, don't miss seeing: them. They're all new, all extra strong; all down-
stairs waiting for you this morning.
30-Inch Trunk at $5.50
; It's covered with heavy duck, 4 hardwood cleats on the top, 2 on the
sides and 3 on the bottom. It's protected with 26 heavy brass bumpers,
eagle lock; extra strong. 32-inch ones at $6.00, 34-inch ones at $6.50,
36-inch ones at $7.00.
It's a better trunk than you will be able to buy elsewhere for much
more.
Here's a Flat-top 28-inch canvas- covered trunk at $4.00. 36-inch ones
are $6.00.
$1.25 Bed Pillows Bleached Muslin 7y 2 c
That are worth S2 OO 36-inch muslin, bleached a pure
,.r , ",*".*, white, fintf firm quality. 714c yard.
1 *u aVC ? C I er , had I values , to Less than many stores would pay
equal those of the last few weeks f or as coo a
nor at such an opportune time. You ' ¦
will need them when the Knights Window Shades
Templar are here in September. WinOOW SfiaUCS
Now comes this splendid $2.00 pil- Cleatl-llb odds Old ends.
low to sell at $1.25. Who won't take . . ¦ . . . _
advantage of it to-day? Size 22x28 in About 200 opaque window shades.
Weighs 4 pounds, filled full of good accumulation of different styles,
fne th Vi S '^T«t^^ 1 f t t-; f n a n ncy art tlck " some hemmed, some with a neat
ing. $1.25 instead of S2.00. fr . nge on the Regular 4Oc
Berry Saucers 3c and **? sha / c l. x n
Women expect the unusual from Al1 at JbC ' °" L ' a y
Hale's third floor glassware store. All mounted on good spring roll-
They won't be disappointed to-day, ers, complete with brackets, cord.
These saucers are of oriental china, slat and pull ring,
with pretty blue underglazed deco- _, ; L. .,
rations. o — S2\c on the Dollar — c
It's special buying that brings Which Hale's paid for ths entire
them to you at a special price. 3c. If r .. -i r TAJjSl „,,„„<¦
we could put one of them here no one itock °J c t-uritn, means
would miss the chance of adding to VV>it Will Pav I _p«« Thnn
their china collection. You wni pav *^ ss I nan
Salt and Pepper Shakers, So— China Mr. Curt in Did
lllt T sVn?V^utr W li h c fee° rlCn - /".'*' dry goods you want
Cream Pitchtr., lOo-Carlsbad china. a " d . we triii ma *f a , **&''. to °-
fancy shapes, decorated with neat ¦!**** commences Monday, July zj.
floral sprays and gilt traced. q
Syrap Pitchers, 10c — Tinted pink or -— „
preen china syrup pitchers, deco- W£ i «?L ? fs9' /2v A
Sandwich Traya, 10c — China trays. /Btr/Qy j£tSg£* 4*5^ *&£&'
neatly embossed, tinted blue or iff/ J£3(^* *^^=^~
green, with dainty floral centers; MB _^^*<Goc>£f OOOO^^^
regular 20c value- " ¦¦' — —^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
39 STOCXTO* SXBEST.
Telephone Mala 5523.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY & SATURDAY SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square. 32 %c
Strictly fancy.
RANCH EGGS, per dozen 30c
Reg. 35c. Larxe. select; non* better.
KONA COFFEE, per Ib ... .20c
Reg. 25c. R&cldl7 coming Into favor.
VICTORIA BLEND TEA. per ib 45c
Reg:. COc. A happy combination of fra-
rrant tras.
BONELESS SARDINES, per tin /5c
Reg:. 20c. B*zier'». In pur« oHt« oil.
NATIONAL BtSCUIT CO.'S BUTTER
GEMS AND THINS, per pkg 10c
Reg. 15c. Swmethlnjr real r.ice.
Santa Barbara Olive Oil. qts 70c, pt3 40c
Regr. 83c-50c. The popularity of this
brand la the best proof of Its purity.
CORN STARCH. 4 pkgs for 25c
¦ Reg. 3 -for. 29c. Archer** Liberty brand.
Imported Macaroni. Spaghetti. Vermi-
celli and Letters. 2 pkgs for 25c
v.eg. 15c pksr.
FINNAN HADOIES.per tin 20c
Keg. 25c. Imaorted from Scotland
WEAL LAUNDRY SOAP. 7 cakes for 25c
Tleg. 6 for 25c. A labor-ravine »oap.
Carolina Rice. in 2]^&5 Ibpkgs. 20c A 40c
Res- 2Sc and 50c.
ATLAS FRUIT JARS
• Pts 70c. qts 85c. X-ga/s Sf.00
A heavy glass with wide mouth.
Chicken Coct Bourbon, bot 75c. gal S3
Reg. $l-$4. A whiskey with * record.
MAR0UET1E R YE. per bot 85c
Reg. $1. The whiskey of ths- horn*.
RIESLING, per gal 40c
Reg. 50c. Light refreshing: table Nrreraje
FRUIT SYRUPS...qt bot 35c. pt bot 20c
Rejf. BOc and 25c. Raspberry, straw-
berry, rrenadine, lemon, vanilla, plno-
TPie.
Good Coffee
In the kitchen is like a good
cook — can't do without either.
Golden Gate Coffee
Makes housekeeping a pleasure.
f^~ — --^^> Grind it at home
fiOii^AftC: fresh each day—
f "^S not too fine.
2^^_N^?i 2-lb aroma tight
tins -
J.A.Fo!ger&Co.
4 f^Q Perfect Fitting (?p |
' <2> Eyeglasses & \
-J At Moderate Cos! (\j
V 642
. — ¦ ¦ 4
SITUATION WAJTT—D — As sreneral
manager, sales manager or in the purchase or
3i\!es department of progressive manufacturing,
wholesale or mining company, by man of abil-
ity, formerly president of several large manu-
facturing companies and a railroad: -'to years of
age. temperate and a hustler; no objections to
position outside of the United States; an open-
ing where brains and energy will b* rewarded
Is desired. Address for ten days, FXIANK A.
UM.STED. room 247. Hotel Albany. Denver. Colo.
11111/ CClf Pn Prompt relief, fans* removed.
fljj] PJP W HH Svmptoms nev«r retnni A com.
_ """plet* ami permanent eonnuu-
AND flQ T UtSA tional CURE . I..! (O Fru
" U ltd I nfflfl Writ* at once for It, to
P. HAROLD HAYBS. Buffalo, M. V. "
. WEEKLY CALL* $1,00 PER YEAS,
Ye :• Olde English Inn,
144 Mason st. Just one trial at Babs &
{Jules\ That's all, •
ADVERTISEMENTS
Our Midsummer Sale j
{ Of Muslin Underwear I
Lasts Only Three. Days More B
High-grade, popular-priced goods in great variety are offered at §f
I A GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE I
| GOWNS Corset Covers DRAWERS SKIRTS
| reduced to reduced to reduced to reduced to B '
I I Vlvv CJ^^^V* %O m mmZf **F " ' rt-
85c 85c $1.00 $1.50 |
1 and upwards. and upwards, and upwards. and upwards. j
jj I * $/6'$22x^fa/i/?/<£'T-3&'- 1